fornia Lodge No. 1. The gallery was filled
with friends.
The service besan with a song, "Still,
Still With Thee," by a double quartet of
men, most of them members of the Mystic
Shrine and California Commandery quar
tets, under the leadership of Samuel D.
Mayer. H. P. Umbren, worshipful master
of California Lodge, presided. The im
pressive blue lodge funeral service was
read and grand hon-ars.f' : n?'r*red upcD.' th.e«
dead brother.
Miss Grace Davis sang a solo, "Angels,
Ever Bright and Fair."
The Scottish Rite Masons took charge
of the service to conduct the Rose Croix
ceremojiy. Frank Koenlg, thirty-third de
gree, master of San Francisco Consistory
and past wise master" of the Hose Croix
Chapter, was in charge, and members of
the various bodies of the Scottish Rite
alone participated.
Reuben H. Lloyd, grand master of the
Knights Templar, delivered the funeial
oration. He spoke with de°p feeling and
a simple eloquence. He said in part:
"When the successful man lies down to
sleep the sleep that knows no waking and
we turn back to review his career, how
many there are whom he has surpassed,
how many whose successes have been cast
into the shadow by his achievements.
When -you look into the consciousnesses
more joy in changing a tear to a smile
than in • putting a tear in the eye. He
found that In this order there was not one
selfish impulse. He found that its mission
was to feed the hungry, to clothe the
naked, to bind up the hurts of the wound
ed, to place the lamp of intelligence in
every man's hand to guide him on his
path.
' "He joined the order fifty years ago. It
did not take long 1 for his worth and ad
ministrative ability to be dlscoverd, and
he wns given office. Soon he turned from
the practice of law -and gave his whole
tirne.to efforts, for the advancement of
'niariMitflt*"""* --
"Step by step he was advanced, until
finally he was made sovereign grand com
mander of the Supreme Council of the
Scottish Rite of the Southern Jurisdiction
of the United States. A mansion in Wash
ington was his by virtue of his office.
There he would be surrounded by friends
and devotees, with the archives of the
order at hand end all of the luxuries of
life under the conditions and circum
stances of his high office. But fifty years
of his life had been spent in this State.
He had seen San Francisco grow from a
village to a metropolis. Everywhere here
he met friends of a lifetime. What won
der that these tendrils wrapped around
his heart and drew him back to Califor
nia. But duty called him to Washington
and we were soon to lose him when the
Supreme Being called him to a home
above. •
"Time will only add to the brilliancy of
his fame. As for us, we can only inscribe
on his tomb, 'He lived alone to do good
to his fellow-men." "
The double quartet sang "Good-Night, I
Am Going Home," concluding the ser
vices. The parade formed again and ac
companied the body .from the church out
Post street to Franklin, from which point
the two commanderics of Knights Tem
plar returned to their respective asylums.
Members of the Scottish Rite bodies and
officers and members or the Past Masters'
Association and California Lodge then
took carriages. and. followed the remains
to tlie"' pav:ii.n in-.'li&sonic Ceinetery.
There the final blue lodge and Rose Croix
ceremonies were concluded, ani the last
public grand honors accorded. The re
mains of the grand commander were
placed in the receiving vault.
Services in "Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. lS.-SlmuItaneous
ly with the funeral in San Francisco, sol
emn services in memory of the late Judge
Thomas H. Caswell, supreme grand com
mander of the Ancient and Accepted
Scottish Kite of Masonry for the southern
jurisdiction of the United States, were
held at 5 o'clock this afternoon by the
members of the Scottish Rite at the "Hall
of the Temple," on Third street North
west. Judge Casweh. as supreme com
mander of the southern jurisdiction, had
his official home in Washington, the head
quarters of the Scottish Rite.
LAST PUBLIC GRAND HONORS— THE ROSE CROIX CEREMONY— BEING
PAID TO THE LATE SOVEREIGN GRAND COMMANDER IN THE FIRST
CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
Continued on Second Page.
we can understand their wild desire for
vengeance.
"My remarks to-day are addressed not
so much to the fact that death has been
Inflicted as to the manner in which it is
done. I do not by this mean to justify
lynch law. Xo well regulated citizen ciui
ever ju?tify a departure from the law.
But every State has these affairs and we
are not an exception."
The Governor then disclaimed any re
sponsibility for the affair, saying that he
understood that Sheriff Freeman had
agreed to leave Porter in jail for eight
days and had gone out of town so believ
ing, only to return to meet the announce
ment that the Sheriff and his prisoner
were on the way to Limon.
"This awful offense has been committed
by an entire county." he continued.
"There is no way of reaching these peo
ple. As Lord Chatham said once, "You
cannot Indict an entire nation.' In Lon
coln County these offenders would have
to sit on the Juries, indict themselves,
pass on the Indictments, convict them
selves and then the chief offender of all,
the Sheriff of the county, would have to
conduct them to the penitentiary. So all
we can do Is to declare that we as citi
zens of the same State deplore and*con
demn this act of barbarity."
LIMON, Colo., Nov. 18.— After being
notified that some fragments of bones of
a human being had been found on the
prairie near this town, Coroner Brown
and a Jury summoned by him gathered up
tne scarcely visible "remains" of John
Porter, the negro who was burned to
death on Friday night, and buried them
in a small box at the scene of the lyncn
ing. The jurors signed a verdict to the
effect that the remains were those of
John Porter, and that "the death was at
the hands of. parties unknown."
LEGISLATION IS DEMANDED.
Colored Churches of Chicago Adopt
a Memorial to tho President.
CHICAGO. Nov. 18— The lynching of
Preston Porter; in Colorado last Friday
DENVER, Nov. 18.— A mass meet
ing was held here to-day for the
purpose of protesting against the
action of the mob at Limon,
Colo., which on Friday last
burned at the stake John Porter, who had
confessed that he had murdered 11-year
old Louise Frost. C. M. Hobbs, preslder:
of the Y. M. C. A., presided. Speeches
were made by prominent citizens, in
cluding Governor Thomas. Mayor John
son of Denver, President Slocum of Colo
rado College; Rabbi Freedman and Rev.
Coyle of Denver; Mrs. Sarah Platt
Decker, prominent In National Woman's
Club circles, and others. They all spoke
in strong terms condemning what, was
termed the "Limon atrocity," arid also
denounced the sensational display of the
write-ups concerning it in newspapers.
The audience was stirred to almost riot
ous demonstrations of approval at times.
Resolutions adopted admit the difficulty
of adequately characterizing the crime
for which Porter was punished, but de
clare that however much the negro, by
his crime, merited death, no crime can
Justify recourse to 6uch barbaric meth
ods, and while the action of the people of
Lincoln County Is attributed to excite
ment and passion it is none the less con
demned and discountenanced. Hope is
expressed that a law will be speedily en
acted in Colorado providing effective pun
ishment for crimes such as incited the
torture of Porter, and also that hereafter
each and every one will be punished for
taking the law Into their own hands. The
remarks x>f Governor Thomas in part fol
low:
"I do not believe the people of this
State are worse than the people of any
other State. This is as civilized a com
munity as any State in the Union, and In
all of them we hear of occurrences like
this, when the people have been suddenly
aroused to some such ' terrible act when
some such horrible crime as this negro's
cries to heaven for vengeance. For the
agonized parents and whatever they have
done, I have no words of blame or cen
sure. Put ' ourselves in their places an:l
THIEVING BANK OFFICIAL
IS BETRAYED BY A WOMAN
of money in his possession.
It is learned that Brown was suspend
ed last Tuesday, pending an investigation
and that experts have been at work all
the past week. Last Friday the officers
and directors published in the papers of
this city a statement that the bank had
been found to be all right and that the
rumors about Brown were false. Thejr
continued making these statements to the
press as late as last midnight, but the
statements were not accepted by the
Commercial Tribune, which exposed the
alleged shortage and caused a panic In.
Newport to-day so that the bank had
to' be taken in charge by the examiner.
The wildest scenes resulted and serious
trouble is feared to-morrow, when the
officers and directors will be confronted
by the people.
Brown, who Is a widower, visited
Yellowstone Park last summer and
a certain Cincinnati woman wanted to
accompany him, but this Was denied her.
When she ascertained some time after
that another woman was with Brown on
his Western trip, the Cincinnati woman
gave the bank officials information that
brought about a crisis. The only fare
well letter that Brown is known to have
left was to this woman, whose apart
ments are on Ninth street In Cincinnati,
and in this letter he admits that he had
secured about all that he could get and
that the time had come to say farewelL
Brown was a great poker player, with
the limit.. it is said, never too high and
he has been a plunger, on horse races for
years. His bets on the races, it is al
leged, were frequently too high for the
•poolrooms in Covingtoii, Ky., and he had
brokers In both Chicago and New York.
The officers of the German • National
Bank are wealthy and " responsible men
and they will be able to make the losses
good. Among the directors is Paris C.
Brown, the father of the defaulter, who
vacation. He did get a ticket for Odin,
111., but it is learned now that he did
not go there, and it is generally believed
that he is out of the country with plenty
German National of Newport, Ky., Looted to the
Tune of $201,000 by the Assistant Cashier.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Nov. 18.— United
States Bank Examiner " Tucker to
' day took possession of the German
National Bank at Newport, Ky., and .post-
ed a notice that the bank would remain
closed pending an examination. He also
announced unofficially that Frank M.
Brown, the assistant cashier, was miss-
Ing and that a partial investigation show
ed that he was short about $301,000.
Brown, who Is the son of Paris C. Brown.
ex-Mayor of Newport, and one of the
leading business men of Cincinnati, has
been with the bank for eighteen years and
was one of its most trusted men. Ex
perts state that his operations extend
over a period of ten years. He left on
a vacation last Wednesday and is sup
posed to be out of the country.. It is
generally believed that he has taken with
him a considerable sum of money.
Brown, It Is alleged, has lived a fast
llfe.with wine, women and gambling in his
repertoire. His career was cut short by
a Jealous woman, who made his doings
known to the bank's officials. Brown's
alleged shortage bad been rumored for
some time, but the bank officials and di
rectors have repeatedly declared that his
accounts were correct and that every
thing was all right.
The wildest scenes were witnessed in
Newport to-day when Examiner Tucker's
announcement was made public and se
rious trouble is expected to-morrow when
the bank officials are < confronted by the
people who have hunted in vain for them
to-day.
The capital stock of the bank is onU'
$100,000. Brown's shortage Is double that
amount and more than the reserve and all
tho assets, including Uhe bank's real es
tate. He ; seems to have gone the full
limit for a smalt bank.
For two weeks there have been rumors
that Brown was short and pome deposi
tors, withdrew their accounts.^ Three
weeks ago the bank - examiners made a
statement' and the officers and directors
allayed suspicion by referring to this re
port ' .and to their last statement. Last
.Wednesday Brown left the city and It
was announced that he had gone on a
Colorado's Governor Deplores Torture of Negro, but
Sees No Way of Reaching Offenders.*
DENVER CITIZENS PROTEST
AGAINST BURNING AT STAKE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. lS.-Charged with
shoplifting. Lizzie Behrens. 18 years
old, of 646 East Twelfth street.
pleaded guilty before Magistrate
Brann in the Jefferson Market Police
Court this morning and was put under
?500 bail for trial. She told Magistrate
Brann that she had boen taught to be
come a professional shoplifter by a woman
Fagin, whom she had met several weeks
ago. If her story is found to be true her
sentence may be suspended.
She was arrested in a Fourteenth-street
department store Saturday afternoon by
Detective Gargan. In her possession was
a bag containing silk waists and jewelry
valued at $11 which had been taken from
the store, and ten pawn tickets. When
arrested she gave the name of Norah
Johnwood. She broke down at the hear
ing to-day and gave her true name. She
said she had met several weeks ago a
woman who had taught her to steal, and
had fallen completely under her influ
ence. She gave the woman's name to
Magistrate Brann and the police will in
vestigate the matter. Lizzie ) Behrens de
clared she had been Introduced to the
woman by a friend, but did not know her
address. Miss Behrens'. sister said to-day
that she did not -know the woman to
whom her sister referred.
"Lizzie never was used tp hard work,"
she added. "My father always hau his
own home, and after. his. death, about a
year ago, I supported my sister until re
cently. I think'some one must have per
suaded her into taking the goods."
RUMORS OF A MASSACRE.
Two Hundred French Marines Said
to Have"; Been. Slain by; Boxers.
PARIS, Nov. IS.— It is rumored here
that 200. French marines with their of
ficers" have been massacred by Boxers.
No; details of the . alleged massacre are
known.
Placed Under Arrest for Shop
lifting, Lizzie Behrens
Tells Remarkable
GIRL TAUGHT
TO STEAL BY A
%; - FEMALE FAG1N
HUSBAND AND COIN
DISAPPEAR TOGETHER
Troubles of Urs. Charles Hclmes,
Who Recently Married a San
Francisco Man.
DETROIT, Nov. IS.-Mrs. Hattie E.
Norton of Detroit was married to Charles
R. Holmes of San Francisco in Windsor.
Ont., Saturday evening. Late this after
noon Mrs. Holmes raised an alarm in
the Manning Hotel and sent messengers
looking for her husband. He' could not be
found. Then she examined the lining of
her skirt, where she had secreted 5700.
The money was missing.
airs. Holmes said she had known her
husband but two weeks, having become
acquainted with him through a matri
monial paper. A physician called to at
tend her said she was under the influ
ence of a drug. Mrs. Holmes says she
Crew the money from the bank at the
suggestion of her husband.
DUKE OF MANCHESTER
IS QUIETLY MARRIED
Union Is Objected to by the Families
of "Joth the .Jride and the
Groom.
NEW TOHK, Nov. IS.— A Journal special
from London says: The young: Duke of
Manchester and Miss Helen Zimmerman,
daughter of Eugene Jmmerman of Cin
cinnati, were quietly married last Wednes
day afternoon. Owing to strenuous oppo
sition by the relatives of both bride and
gToora the wedding was extremely quiet,
and might, in fact, be called secret.
INSURGENTS MARCHING
IN F0BCE ON PANAMA
Rebels in Colombia Have Becently
Gained a Number of Important
Victories.
KINGSTON 1 . Jamaica, Nov. 18.— The
British steamer Atrato arrived here to-
Cay from Colon. Captain Copp reports
that the insurgents had gained several im
portant victories during the fortnight that
preceded his departure, and that when be
left Colon they were marching In force
against Panama, where the stores had
bten closed in momentary expectation of
fen attack. • BbH
FRENCH ABMY OFFIOEB
WOUNDED IN A DUEL
Luzarche Dazay Cross
Swords.
Captain Coblentz, /a Hebrew, and
Special Cable To The Call and New TorJc Her
ald. Cor>jTtcht, lDflO. by the- Herald Pub-
Jishlr* ComrsJiy. i
PARIS. Nov. 1S.-A duel was fought to
<J»y by Captain Coblentz. a Hebrew of-
Tcer who his fellow officers are trying to
drive from the army, and Luzarche
Uazay. Coblentz was twice wounded in
the arm ar.d the duel was then stopped
by the seconds.
A THOUSAND Masons of high
degree took part yesterday in
the rites that meant farewell
to aJl that was mortal of
Thomas llubbard Caswell, --ho
in life had attained the highest hours
that can be conferred In Masonry. The
furefal services, held at the First Congre
pational Church, were most beautiful and
Impressive.
The body had lain In state In Kingr Solo
mon's Hall. Masonic Temple, from 1 p. m.
Saturday until 1:30 o'clock yesterday af
ternoon, with a guard of honor of three
members of the San Francisco Consistory
Following 1 a band at the head of the
procession came California Commander;/
No. 1 and Golden Gate Commandery No.
16, Knights Templar. Members of the
thirty-third depree came next and after
them the San Francisco Consistory No. 1,
Oakland Chapter of the' Rose Croix, and
Yerba Buena Lodge of Perfection, Scot
tish Rite. California Lodge Xo. 1, F. and
A. M., was next in line, and after the blue
lodge the body with its escort and the
family and friends in carriages.
The procession was such as honors the
watching by the casket. At the latter
hour the procession formed to lead the
way to the church
memory of but few men. The handsome
uniforms of the commanderics and the
consistory lent impresslveness to it and
along the line of march people collected
by hundreds at street crossings and along
the sidewalks' to witness the funeral pa
geant.
In the church high officers and mem
bers of the thirty-third degree occupied,
scats near the casket. The center of tho
auditorium was reserved- for the San
Francisco Consistory and other Scottish
Rite Masons. The California Comman
dery was placed to the right and the
Golden Gate Commandery to the left. In
the rear of the consistory was seated Cali-
"We are here to say farewell to all that
is mortal of a man who wronged no man
in life, whose ruccesses brought no hard
ships into the lives of others. He found
"You ask of the neighbors, 'What of the
man?' They will reply. 'Oh. he had his
grood points.* It matters not if he lived
to the best of his light, every man who
wins success must face this judgment in
which envy and disappointment are such
great factors.
of the men who knew him and Inquired
into the processes by which they made up
their estimates of his character, you will
find how erroneous those processes were
and how unjust the conclusions reached.
Members of the Masonic Order Conduct the Blue Lodge Services and the
IMPRESSIVE LAST RITES AT THE BIER
OF SOVEREIGN GRAND COMMANDER CASWELL
SITUATION
IMPROVING IN
THE DINT
All Disputed Points
May Soon Be
Settled.
CONGER IS HOPEFUL
Sanitary Condition of
Peking Causes Fear
of Epidemic.
PEKING* Nov. 17, via Shanghai. Nor.
IS- — Th« belief that the note of the powers
to the Chinese Commissioners, Prince
Ching and Li Hung: Chang, will be com
pleted soon is strengthened by the results
of the recent informal conferences of the
Ministers of the powers. Mr. Conger, the
United States Minister, said to a corre
spondent:
"The situation is apparently very favor T
able to the early beginning- of negotiations
for a preliminary settlement. I believe
that the next meeting of the foreign en
voys will virtually settle all points of dif
forer.ee between the representatives of the
powers, who will lose no time in present
ing the demands.
"What the result will be It Is Impossible
to foretell. Events have placed China In
a very critical position. Whether she will
be able to preserve her Integrity and to
B*ve her trade relations with the rest of
the world will depend upon what the pow
ers demand in the tinal settlement and
upon her willingness to accept promptly
the conditions proposed.
"It is quite unlikely, if not impossible,
that the Chinese court will return to Pe
king before next spring, but I do not an
ticipate any serious delay in the progress
of the negotiations with the Chinese Com
missioners, as they are in telegraphic
communication with the court."
Military operations are virtually at a
standstill. The German and Italian ex
peditions northward passed through Xan
k*u Pass unopposed.
Sanitary conditions here are becoming
Ffriouy. Since the foreign occupation
many have died of smallpox and other In
frcUoOT dlwases., Fearing that their
faster*** »ouW-b<* mt-rfert-tl with, they
have kept most of their dead in their
houses and courtyards. '
The question of removing garbage has
btcome one of the gravest Importance.
The natives ar* forbidden to deposit re
fuse in the streets, and there is now an
enormous accumulation In their dwellings
and yards, which threatens a serious epi
demic In view of the large number of
troops In and near the capital the conse
quences of such an outbreak would be
frightful. Smallpox is always prevalent
in murft more malignant form during the
w:r.ter season, and the danger h»re is now
alarmingly increased.
Continued on Second Page.
TO SPEEDILY
END WAR IN
PHILIPPINES
Uncle Sam Will
Wage Relentless
War.
MOBILIZING TROOPS
MacArthur Is Acting
on Instructions Pre
viously Sent.
Americans Are Making Aggressive
(FIRST UXCENSORED NEWS BT CABLE
6IXCE THE AMERICAN OCCUPATION.)
MANILA. Nov. IS.— Last week witnessed
a very considerable increase in rebel and
American activity In the field. Many skir
mishes occurred and several small en
gagements in Northern and Southern Lu
zon. The termination o* the rains permits
a resumption of operations on both slde3.
The Americans are making a series of
aggressive movements against the insur
gents, notably on the island of Samar,
against General Lukban, whose force.i
hold the entire island with the excep
tion of three coast towns, each of which
la garrisoned by two companies of tha
Twenty-ninth Infantry and a platoon of
artillery.
The rebels are continually shooting into
the garrisoned towns, and oar forces have
not been sufficient to retaliate effectively.
Commerce in Samar has been at a stand
still and most of the Influential inhabit
ants have departed. General Hare has
arrived there with 230 men. H© will bring
eight companies of the Second Infantry
from the island of Marinduque. and will
proceed energetically to crush Genera!
Lukban. Meanwhile. United States gun
boats will patrol the coast to prevent the
escape of the insurgent leader. Lukban
still holds three members of the Forty
third Regiment as prisoners.
The rifles which the party of Captain IX
Shields of Company F, Twenty-ninth Vol
unteer Infantry, lost last September In
Marinduque at the time of the capture
have not yet been returned from, the In
surgents.
Notable among the week's engagements
was General Grant's advance with Mac
cabebe and American scouts on a rebel
stronghold, thirty-five miles north of Ma
nila, which was defended by 200 insur
gents armed with rifles. After skirmish
ing and fighting for the greater part of
a day and night, the enemy was dla
lodged. and immense quantities of rice
and stores ¦ with ammunition were de
stroyed. Fifty Filipinos were killed and
many others wounded. The Insurgents
carried off , their dead. The American
losses were eleven privates and one offl
cer wounded and one Macabebe killed.
Movements Against Insurgents.
MacArthur contemplates devoting his
principal attention at first to the north
ern part of Luzon. Agulnaldo 13 believed
to be in the mountains of Benguet-
The cavalry will play an Important part
in the comlnar campaign. The method of
operations pursued by the insurgents con
templates an attack In force and then a
dispersal. General MacArthur Intends
using the cavalry to pursue the rebels.
Eight squadrons of cavalry are now on
duty in or en route to Luzon. This force
is to be increased by two squadrons of
the Fifth Cavalry, which will probably
In a short time receive orders to proceed
to Manila. ¦'.-'• r
FIGHTING IN THE FrTTLTPPINES
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHIN'GTOX. Nov. IS.—Forbear
ance has caasetl to be a military virtue in
the Philippines, according to news that
came from the War Department to-day.
Lord Kitchener's plan of operations In
South Africa, harsh though it appears to
be, appeals to the officials cf the War De
partment, and during the coining cam
paign In the Philippines no mercy is to be
extended- to those in active rebellion or
who give aid and comfort to the Insur
gents.
The administration, according: to a hJg-h.
official, has become -weary of the long
drawn-out war. It has been conciliatory
In dealing with Insurgents and efforts to
accomplish, peace by this means have met
with contempt. It is now proposed to give
them a taste of real war, and though
many innocent may suffer. It Is only by
this means, it Is believed, that the guilty
can be reached.
When Secretary Root returns to Wash
ington final instructions will be cabled to
Major General MacArthur relative to the
operations to be conducted. In accordance
with instructions already sent to him Gen
eral MacArthur has been mobilizing troop3
under his command and is collecting them,
at points covenient to the district in
which the insurgents have been espe
cially active.
Through spies and scouting parties Gen
eral MacArthur is gaining information
regarding the whereabouts of. the troops
of the Filipinos. In accord with the plan
of Agulnaldo. many of the insurgents
•whe huve-t>«s.n so acy v? during * ne rainy
season 'are now' posing as amlgos, and'
will probably maintain in a seemingly
friendly attitude until an opportunity for
wiping out a small detachment of Amer
ican troops i3 afforded.
Believing that the suppression of the
rebellion In Luzon will be followed by tha
restoration of peace in other parts of the
archipelago, General MacArthur will de
vote himself particularly ,to the military
operations to be conducted in that island.
The army will be assisted by the navy
and marines, the latter being responsible
for the maintenance of peace and order
in the province of Cavite and the district
of Olanopo. The navy will be. employed
to assist the military la its operations
against the posts occupied by the insur
gents in conveying troops and In prevent
ing filibustering.
There is reason to believe that General
Special Dispatch to The Can.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY^ STOVEMBER 19, 1900.
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME LXXXVIH- NO. 17?.CHARGES AGAINST MAYOR VAN WYCK
OF NEW YORK IN ICE TRUST MATTER
MISS MAI BONFILS, DAUGHTER OP A DENVER NEWSPAPER PUB
LISHER, IS THE YOUNGEST OP AMERICAN COMPOSERS. SHE IS
COMPLETING HER MUSICAX. EDUCATION IN NEW YORK
man to denounce trusts In general and
this trust In particular In the platform
and on the stump, while he. at the same
time, in his private capacity holds stock
or has held stock that he thus denounces.
"Attention Is called to this feature sim
ply because an effort has been made to
show that unless legal action against tho
trust or some of Its stockholders can be
taken these same public men are to be
exonerated.
"Second, there Is the question -whether
or not the existence of this so-called Ice
trust is in violation of the anti-trust law.
This, of course, can only be decided by
the courts.
"On May 28. 1900, the Attorney General
¦ Instituted proceedings to annul the certifi
cate of the Ice company under this law.
The corporation, through Its counsel, has
fought the action at every stage on tech-
PRESTON (JOHN) PORTER JR.. THE NEGRO BURNED AT THE
STAKE AT LIMON, COLO. FROM A PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN IN
DENVER- ON THE DAY OF HIS ARREST.
Joe Tobin, an eleven-year-old boy,, was
arrested yesterday afternoon and chairged
at. the; City Prison with petty Jarceny.
The youngster picked up a baseball which
had been batted over the Harrison street
fence during a game at the Eighth street
grounds ¦ and was taken • into ' custody by
Policeman Tracy. Considerable indigna
tion ;was expressed by the authorities at
the police station at the officer's unwar
ranted action. It has been; the custom of
the ;. baseball :¦ management ''¦ to allow the
finder of a lost ball to keep it or securo
admission to the game by returning it.
The prlsonkeeper refused to lock the boy
in a cell and allowed him th» freedom o*
the corridor.
Unwarranted Arrest of a Boy.
Inquiries are being made by the rela
tives of Mrs. Margaret Tracy, a woman
GO years old, who disappeared from the
home' of her grandson, Lewis Mahlke, on
Tuesday last. Mahlke lives at 812 Cali
fornia street and Mrs. Tracy left there to
visit some friends Since then nothing
has been seen or heard of her, although
all places she was in the habit of visit
ing have been visited by her relatives.
Mrs. 'Tracy was very fond of the wife of
Mahlke, who died- a few days ago, and
her relatives fear that grief has unhinged
her mind. When £he left home she was
dressed entirely in black. She was slight
ly stooped and her hair was tinged with
gray. - -
Elderly Woman Missing.
It will probably take an X ray photo
graph' to: determine the location of the
bullet which Clarence Hetherlngton, 303
Jonea street/ unwittingly shot Into his
hand last night. Hetherington was trying
to find out whether his revolver was load-'
ed or not.; He placed his left Index finger
over the muzzle, pulled' the trigger and
the bullet did the rest.. At the Receiving-
Hospital » Dr. : Door ¦ found that the leaden
missile ¦ had plowed Its way., deep under
the skin and was Imbedded in the muscu
lar; part of the hand. Although probed
for, its course could not ¦ be traced.
Experiment . Highly Si^pcessful.
HOUSTON,' Tex., Nov. 18.— Marlon Irons,
once leader of the r union labor organiza
tions and who directed' the great Missouri
Pacific strike In the 'SO's, is dead.*Iron3
came to this country three years ago and
began organizing Social Democratic clubs,
using "anti-rent money" as a slogan to
arouse the tenant farmers.
Marion Irons.
NEW; YORK, Nov. . 18.-MIss Edith
Booth, 23 years of age, an actress formerly
attached to the -Marie Burroughs com
pany, died In a hospital to-day from the
effects of an accident which she met with
last Sunday when she was thrown from
a carrlace in Central Park.:
Miss Edith*Booth.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 18.— Mrs. Maria
Yuill Archibald, wife of J. H. Archibald
and for over thirty years a re'sident - of
this city, died this morning at Stockton
at the home of her neice. She was a char
ter member of- the Advent Christian
Church of this city, and was an active
Christian worker. From that church the
funeral will be held. Mrs. Archibald was
a native of Nova Scotia, and 68 years 'of
age. ¦¦:¦. - .
Mrs. J...H. 1 . Archibald.
A German firm of publishers a little
while ago hit upon a novel and ingenious
method of advertising, which has been
attended by the happiest results. They
caused to be inserted in most of the news
papers a notice to the effect that a cer
tain nobleman of wealth and high posi
tion, desiring' a wife, wanted one who re
sembled the heroine in tho novel named.
Thereupon every marriageable woman
who saw the notice bought the book to
see what the heroine was like, and the
work had an Immense sale. But It Is said
that the publishers had to engage the ser
vices of. several additional clerks to deal
with the deluge of feminine correspond
ence from the numberless women who
claimed to be the "image" of the heroine.
—London Chronicle.
Ingenious Advertising.
Stops the Cough
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul
nlne Tablets cure a cold In cne day. No cure,
co pay. Price 25 cents. •
monds.
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— On the arrival of
the American line steamship New York
to-day, a squad of special agents of the
Treasury Department and some secret
Said to Contain Much Jewelry and a
Quantity of Unset Dia-
MISS DOBRANCE'S BAGGAGE
SEIZED BY OFFICIALS
The German National Bank, has about
150 depositors, among them being the nine
building associations that have the sav
ings of many poor people. These classes
talked more to-day about the statements
given out last Thursday and since then
than about Brown's defalcations. Brown
wrote to a woman in Cincinnati that he
was bound for South America, but the
Enquirer will Ray to-morrow that it has
good authority for saying that Brown
sailed from New York yesterday and that
his destination is China.
There was quit^ a run on th© bank yes
terday, but the usual announcement was
made and it continued to be made to
the press till after midnight. More of a
rush is expected at the bank to-morrow,
when there is a prospect of serious trou
ble, even to the extent of violence.
The First National Bank of Newport
was wrecked two years ago by Cashier
Youtsey, and now with the German Na
tional closed Newport has but one bank
left.
is known from Pittsburg to New Orleans
as the head of the store for boat sup
plies. The cashier of this bank is also
the paying teller,, and Brown relieved him
as paying teller when the cashier went
to hla dinner. It is stated that Brown
did most of his work during the noon
lunch of the cashier.
Three of the youngest members in th»
new Parliament will be the Hon. Ivor
Churchill Guest, Mr. Winston Churchill
and Mr. M. White Ridley. They were
elected on the same day as members of
the same party, and after equally sharp
fights. They are also related. The mem
bers for Plymouth and Oldham are
cousins and fought in South Africa, and
Mr. White Ridley, the son of the Home
Secretary, married Mr. Guests's sister last
year. Mr. Churchill and Mr. White Rid
ley are 26 and Mr. Guest is 27 years of
age. Two other new members, Mr T S
Arkwright and Mr. Kric Hambro, are
only 28 years old. These five Parlia
mentary recruits are all well under 30
years of ago and all stanch Unionists.—
London Mail.
Parliamentary Recruits.
FOIT3 LYKCHINGS THREATENED
White Prisoners in Texas Who Are
in Danger of Mob Violence.
AUSTIN. Tex.. Nov. 18.— Four lynchlngs
ere threatened In this State, and Gov
ernor Sayere has Instructed t the county
authorities of two localities to give the
prisoners in their charge every possible
protection. In both cases the proposed
DENVER. Nov. as.— While the mass
meeting was being held to condemn the
vengeance of the mob on the negro who
murdered Louise Frost the parents of the
little girl stood beside her grave in Fair
tnonst Cemetery. Just a week ago to-day
they stood Fobbing: as her mangled body
was lowered into the earth. To-day they
visited tho ppnt where she lies buried in
one grave with her pirter and her favor
ite playmate. The hand that did not
trr-tnUe when it lighted tho match to itt|
In tiame the wo'id heaped about the body
of the chained murderer shook as it laid
a bouquet of fresh flowers on the mound.
The voice that taunted the dying negro
shrieking in agony of his awful torture
was tremulous with emotion as Frost
tried to calm h!f< Wife. who. sobbing con
vulsively. f«*ll on her fclli <¦ and laid nor
hrad on ih*» fr f -s!i cut turf about her dar
ling's head. Mrs. Frost seemed dazed by
*ke blow and apparently cannot fully rc
uliztr her loss. U ?.as not an emyty fear
that Kcv. Ci. Ii. Vosburgh expressed !n
praying at the opening of the mass-meet
ing* that Mrs. Frost might not lose her
rfHson.
The mother of the negro boy Porter Is
imsan* from *rief at the fate of her son.
and to-day her husband and Preston Por
ter's brother went back to Lawrence,
Kar.s., to care for her. They had passes
over the Kansas Pacific, but feared to
pass through Limnn. so they ¦went by an
other route. The FYostB, too. will go back
to their desolate home* in a few days.
Mrs. Frost at rlrst wanted her husband
to sell tho farm and move into some other
pert of the country, but she is willing
now to go back. Mr. Frost had no com
ment upon the action of the mass-meet
ing.
Many in the mass-meeting urged the re
peal of the law which forbids capital
punishment in Colorado, and while the
resolutions passed «re severe In their con
demnation of the burning it was the com
mon thought of the .meeting that If the
death penalty had ite^n In force the lynch
ing would not have occurred. George
Kindel, who proposed that the Legisla
ture be petitioned to plve the county in
which Porter was burned/ some other
name .than Lincoln, won applaus*. but hi*
motion vu not considered seriously.- H.
V. Johnson, Mayor of Denver, won a
round of applause when he said: "If any
one had asked me what should be done
with Porter I should have Bald 'bane
him!* "
Sympathy for the Frosts tempered the
stern demand of the meeting that the law
be upheld.
Likely to Become Insane.
Mothers of Louise Frost and Porter
MAY LOSE THEIR REASON.
was a th<-me for discussion In nearly
every colored church in Chicago to-night.
Several of the churches o&opted the fol
lowing resolutions, presented by Mrs. Ida
B. Wells Barnett, chairman of the Anti-
Lynehir.g Bureau:
*'W<*. citizens of the United States, re
ppectfully call to the attention of the
President this awful crime committed by
the citizens, th^ Sheriff and the Governor
of Colorado against the citizenship of the
country.
"We ask the President in his next mes
sage to Congress to call attention to tho
fa«-t that dti-irg the last ten years 2W cit
izens hav<» Veen put to death by mobs,
erfl that of the number so lynched fifteen
•were burned alive with unspeakable bar
barity. We urge our chief magistrate to
commend to Congress legislation vhie.t
ehall secure to every person accused of
crime a trial by jury, and shall hold crim
inally liable all persons who constitute
mobs to torture, murder and burn 'alive
citizens of the United States."
victims of the mobs are white men.
In San Saba County the people are
aroused over the murder of Dr. Mark
Burleson. one of the most prominent cit
izens in that region, by T. J. Reeves, and
the lynching of Reeves Is openly threat
ened. It is reported that a mob is form
ing at Richland, where Reeves Is jailed,
for the purpose of making an attack upon
the Jail at San Saba and getting hold of
Reeves and lynching him.
Friends of Sheriff John L.. Scott of
Chambers County, who was assassinated
by squatters, are determined that his
death shall be avenged by lynching three
white men who are under arrest charged
¦with the crime. In order to protect the
lives of the prisoners they have been
taken to Galveston. They will probably be
returned to Wallisville to-morrow, In
which event they will be met by a mob
and lynched^ ' -• ;: tyv
Alexander was well-to-do, owning: valu
able farm lands In the vicinity of Cornine.
KANSAS CITT, Nov. 18.— A special to
the Times from Poplar Bluff, Mo., says:
Walter Alexander, the 15-year-old son of
Richard Alexander, a farmer living across
the line In Arkansas, is under arrest on
suspicion of being implicated in the death
of his father, who was shot and killed yes
terday. Young Alexander, who was ar
rested pending 1 an investigation, is. said to
have confessed the crime and to have im
plicated his mother, slater and the latter's
husband, James Hogan, all of whom have
been arrested and placed in jail at Corn
ing, Ark. The citizens are aroused, and
Hogan, whom they profess to believe Is
at the bottom of the affair, •will be taken
to the County Jail at Paragould, Ark., for
safe keeping.
Alexander was killed with a shotgun, re
ceiving the contents of both barrels in the
breast and stomach and dying almost Im
mediately. His family Informed the of
ficers, who had previously been notified of
the affair, that he had accidentally shot
himself while loading the gun. The na
ture of the wounds and the report of
neighbors that the family had quarreled
frequently with the dead man led to the
detention of the son. Young Alexander,
It is stated, admitted in his confession
that the killing had been planned delib
erately and that he fired the fatal shot as
his father appeared suddenly around the j
corner of the house.
Continued from First Page.
service men hurried on board and asked
to be shown the stateroom occupied by
Miss Dorrance. She had lei.: her room
when the special agents reached it, and
had succeeded In having her two trunkj
and a large portmanteau passed. Th<3
baggage was again overhauled. Subse
quently one trunk and the portmanteau
were pent to the appraiser's store whilo
the other trunk was cent to a hotel
It is said that Mis3 Dorrance .had
brought in mucli jewelry and about $5QiV)
worth of unset diamonds, for which she
had an invoice showing that the diamonds
had been sold to her by a Parisian firm.
Miss Dorrance declined to dlscu3s the
seizure and the Treasury offlcialls wore
equally reticent.
DENVER CITIZEN PROTEST AGAINST BURNING AT STAKE
suggestion of her rather, count ae vien
nay. is corroborated by the latter, who
emphatically denies that there was any
impropriety whatever in the relations ex
isting between his daughter and her legal
representative.
"The last section, however, authorizes
the United States to maintain such mili
tary police along the canal as may be
necessary to protect it against lawlessness
and disorder, and under this provision we
can. If we so desire, send an. army corps
to guard the waterway."
Opposition to the treaty 13 based on the
fact that it provides that no fortifications
shall be erected on the, canal. The Hep
burn bill, which has passed the House,
provides for the construction and protec
tion by the Secretary of War of a Nlca
raguan canal. In addition Senator Davis
has brought before the Senate Committee
on Foreign Relations an amendment to
the effect that nothing in the treaty shall
restrict the measures which the United
States may find necessary for the defense
of the United States. Efforts will be made
to kill the Davis amendment. Grave
doubts are expressed as to whether it
would be accepted by Great Britain. The
amendment has excited ridicule. It was
copied. from the tenth clause of the Con
stantinople treaty securing the neutrality
of the Suez canal. On this point one of
the best informed friends of the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty said to-day:
"The Suez convention provides thai
Turkey shall not be prevented from ex
pressing any sovereign rights necessary
for her own seU-defense, Instead of pur
suing the analogy of the case and giving
to Nicaragua the power to do anything
necessary for her national defense, the
Senate committee placed in the Paunce
fote treaty an amendment by which the
United States ftgrees with England that
the United SUtes, and not Nicaragua,
shall do anything that may be necessary.
"The committee left out of view the first
section of article 2 of the treaty, provid
ing that the Nicaragua canal shall be free
and open in time of war as in time of
peace, and the seventh section of the same
article, which especially forbids the erec
tion of fortifications.
This action bids fair to precipitate a
memorable co'ntest at the coming session
of Congress, and circumstances make it
necessary that President McKinley and
Secretary Hay shall bring to bear all the
Influences at their command..
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— Plans are
being made by the administration to press
with vigor for ratification by the Senate
of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty In Its orig
inal form as the first step toward the con
struction of an isthmian canal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Administration Desires Its
Ratification by the
ff DTI O t Q
HAY-PAUNCEFDTE
TREATY IK FAVOR
THE WEYLER OF SOUTH AFRICA— LORD KITCHENER OF KHAK
TOUM, WHO INTENDS TO ADOPT THE BRUTAL SYSTEM OF MAK
ING RECONCENTRADOS OF THE BOERS.
Young Walter Alexander
Is Under Arrest in
Missouri.
BOY ACCUSED
OF PARRICIDE
THIEVING OFFICIAL OF
Bill IS BETRAYED
Continued From First Page.
"There are three wholly distinct sides
to the ice trust matter. In the first place,
there is the general question whether the
American Ice Company, dealing as It does
in a necessity of life to the poor people
of New York, was one into v/hich it was
proper for a public spirited .man to enter.
This is, of course, not a question for legal
action In any shape or form. Moreover,
it Is unnecessary to point out that wheth
er the corporation is legal or illegal, prop
er or improper in character, it is an act of
utter hypocrisy on the part of any public
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— Governor
Roosevelt has" prepared the fol
lowing memorandum of the
charges against Mayor Van
Wyck of Greater New York in
the ice trust matter:
When the subject of tax reduction was
first agitated at the last session of . Con
gress it was assumed that the expendi
tures of the Government would be con
siderably reduced after the present fiscal
vear. There is now no prospect of such
a reduction. Estimates for the next fiscal
year will contemplate expenditures con
siderably in excess of those for the cur
rent year. Appropriations for the current
year aggregate $709,729,476. For the fiscal
year estimates will amount to $750,000,000
or more. Including the expense of tho
postal service, which is almost entirely
paid for by the receipts from postal reve
nues. The principal reason for this in
crease instead of a possible reduction is
that tho continuation of the war in the
Philippines has made It Impossible to re
duce the jexpenditures for a military
establishment. Estimates for this object
will be approximately what they were last
year In round figures— $128,000,000.
An extensive ship-building programme
being carried out by the navy also re
quires increased expenditures, and naval
estimates for next year are more than.
$28,700,000 larger than' for tho last year.
An estimate will also be submitted for
about $25,000,000 for river and harbor im
provements. Tho only material reduction
will be one of about $7,000,000 estimated
for the expenses of taking the census, the
most expensive work of the bureau hav
ing been finished.
During the last fiscal year the revenues
exceeded the expenditures by $79,527,060.
This year the surplus to date Is only $7,
460,601. These figures make it evident
that with the prospect that expenditures
for the next year will Increase it will be
impossible to make much of a cut in the
revenues.
The repeal of tho proprietary stamp tax
will reduce the revenues about $5,CO0,000 a
year. It is impossible to make such close
estimates as to the amount that will be
cut off by the repeal of other taxes. Doc
umentary stamps are used indiscriminate
ly on all documents requiring the pay
ment of taxes, and the Commissioner is
unable to tell closely how much revenue
is derived from any one kind of taxed
paper. It is roughly estimated, how
ever, that the totat reduction by the pro
posed repeals will be about $15,000,000.
Strong efforts will bu made to have the
beer tax reduced, but it is not bellved the
condition of the treasury will admit of
such a reduction. The repeal of other
documentary taxes will also be urged, but
some of these, especially the taxes on
stock exchange transactions, are now
looked upon as permanent, and will not
be disturbed.
The Commissioner will submit a report
to Secretary Gage to-morrow showing as
nearly as possible how much revenue will
be cut off by this means.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— Secretary
of tho Treasury Gage will probably rec
ommend a reduction of not more than
115,000,000 a year In war revenue taxes.
"Estimates are now being made," said
Commissioner of Internal Revenue Wil
son to-day, "on a basis of the repeal of
all proprietary stamp taxes and the repeal
of documentary stamp taxes on notes,
mortgages, telegrams and express re
ceipts."
Freda! Dispatch to The Call.
Proprietary and Docu
mentary Stamp Tax
May Be Repealed.
Internal Revenue
Commissioners'
Estimates.
BIG -SUmTSvOLVED
OF WAR TUXES
IS PUNNED
LONDON, Nov. 18.— A special from
St. Pettrsburj? says: The Russian
official worJfi Is a.nxlous regarding
the condition of Emperor Nicho
las, but there is a feelir.g of con
fidence that h<» v.-;il recover. A Foreign
Office offlcia! toM a correspondent iast
eveni^K that th<» bulletins were regrarded
as favorable. He called attention to the
distinction between typhus in the Ameri
can sens* of the word and typhus as un
derstood in Russia, where the term corre
sponds with typhoid in American termin
ology. The typhoid is common, the of
ficial pointed out. in all Russian cities
owing- to the deficient hyslcnic conditions,
but it is not feared in this country as ii.
the United States.
"Moreover," continual the official, "the
CzfLr'e general health is pood. Persons
who have pocn him at close quarters dur
ing- the past few months give no credence
to the stori< s of his alleged feebleness.
They have not observed the slightest con
dition of linpering injury from the saber
Mow he received in Japan. They utterly
•iisbclleve the assertion often made abroad
Ihr.t *h« Czar is an epileptic."
Considerable surprise is expressed that
his Majesty should have contracted a dis
ease attributed to tainted nourishment.
. It arrears, however, that he is imprudent
in his diet, does not always follow medi
cal direction and often drinks any water
he can cet wh-^n walking or dri\in?r. The
possibility of h'.s having contracted dis
ease from milk is also being considered.
The news nf th«* Czar's illness is gradu
ally reaching the general populace, and
many sympathetic references to his condi
tion are heard among the people of St.
Petersburg, who are apparently greatly
attached to the person of the monarch.
Fpecial prayers for his recovery were of
fered to-day in the churches of St. Peters
burg, Moscow and Kharkow.
A special from Ovadia. European Rup
- eia, says: Emperor Nicholas, according:
to the best information obtainable, had a
favorable day. He slept some of the time.
His temperature at 9 p. m. was 101.6 and
his pulse C4. I-ast night he slept well and
on waking this morning was comfortable,
his head being quite clear. At 9 a. m. to
day his temperature was 99.6 and his pulse
68."
Killing of the Countess.
A Paris special hlvf: Saturday's trag
edy, the killing of the Countess de Cornu
lier by her husband, was th^ topic of con
versation to-day at the clubs and In social
circles generally. Count de Compiler's po
sition prior to his marriage ¦ was rather
humble. ?nd after his separation from the
Count fss he lived in a small apartment
in the I^atin quarter, and evidently main
tained himself on a very moderate Income.
The Countess, on the other hand, lived in
fine style, and it Was evident that his
changed domestic conditions, especially as
contrasted with those of the Countess,
greatiy depressed him. The statement by
M. le Rnux. the advocate, at whose apart
ments the Countess was shot, that she
had placed her affairs in his hands at the
Gossip Concerning the Kill
ing of Coun:e5s de Cor
nuiierby Her Husband.
No Lingering Injury From the
Saber Blow Received
in Japan.
Stories of Alleged Feebleness Denied and the Latest Bulletins of
His Condition Are Favorab'e.
RUSSIANS ARE CONFIDENT THAT
CZAR NICHOLAS WILL RECOVER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1900.
nlcai:*.:en, or. the merits of the case. The
tirst Ueatica oe'ore judge Chester was
In favor <»r tno t-tat.?. An appeal has been
taker. t>> the defendant.*, which was ar
gued weeks ago, and the Attorney General
is uu'.ij eatpt;cX)O8 » 'J-?cis:on by the Ap
pellate Division on this appeal. The tle
(enuanu Dbtmctd h stay of proceedings
pending the appeal. All possible diligence
has hcfii s'uewn fcy the Attorney General
In the effort to secure the annulment or
the ceriiricate ana nothing could have
been dor.*; by lh? State to expedite pro
ceedincs which hju not been done. The
delay Is due. of .-curse, to the course of
the en poration Itself; v.iiose stockholders.
Include the public ir.cn above allude*! to.
"V.'e now come to '.I-.? third side of the
matter, the or.ty oro hi which the Gover
nor, in h:r. ofitctol capacity, has any power
whatever io tci. vis., the charges against
Mayor Van V.'vck. Inasmuch as the ques
tion aa tn whether the ice corporation Is
or is not a uust or monopoly 13 before
the courts for decision, until they have
acted action by the Governor can o:-.ly
with propriety M taker- under the «.ireat
er Now York charter. S<> far «a the
charges arc l>rous:ht ur.dcr this c?*arter it
makes r.o difference a* regards the May
or's conduct whether the aforesaid cor
poration is or is not a Vtrust within the
meaning of the law."
Youngest American Compossr.
A musical genius who has ccme out of
the West is Miss Mai Bonflls. the youngest
of American operatic compospr?. Her de-
Telopmcdt as a composer has been roIme;
on sir.ee her eleventh ypar. when her
first composition was published and suns
by a nverabcr of one of the Frohman
companies. The latest achievement of
Mips F.onfHs is an operetta, which ia to be
staged this season. She is at present In
New Vork completing: her musical educa
tion. }?er father is the owner of a Den
ver newspaper, the Post.
Chief Executive Can Only
Act on Ahegation> Against
the Mayor.
Hypocrisy to Denounce
Trusts and at the Same
T:me Hoid Stock.
Governor Roosevelt Explains the Various Legal Steps and the Nature
of Points Yet to Be Decided in Court.
2
£he j&ay's jpeacl.
AD V ERTISEMENTS.
are Nature's warning notes of
approaching danger trom a dis-
eased heart. If you would
avoid debilitating diseases, or
even sudden death -from this
hidden trouble pay heed to the
early warnings. Strengthen the
heart's muscles, quiet its nerv-
ous irritation and regulate its
a&ion with that greatest of ail
heart remedies, Dr. Miles'
Hcart^Curc.
through my
heart, left side and arm would
be followed bj smothering, heart
spasms and fainting- Dr. Miles 1
Heart Cure has entirely relieved
me of those troubles. "
John YAirDs^iBTntaa;
356 Kewaunae St, Milwaukee, Wit
Dt. Miles' ~
Hea*t Cure
'controls the heart adtion, accel-
erates the circulation and builds
up the entire system. Sold by
druggists on a guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., 'Elkhart, Inds
PftiffiS
- B5^^^B^V Fi O(^^^ *v^a\ 4f*^ "TT^^
Tm^ favorite
pSCEiPTSON
K FOR WEAK WOMEM.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Tot the c«r« of GONORRHOEA. OLKEM.
STRICTURES mod anaiocous complaints o£ thi
Or cans of Generation. ""
Frtco n * bottle. For tale by flrusjlsts.
WEEEY CALL
61 per Year.
Avisrr DR. JORDAN'S cheat i
JHUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
A Gfr lSSlKA23ZTS£tet.e&*7&.3J.CU.i
\ fcif The Largest At»caajicaJ Museum tn Cm \
(9 J--Jfk—-rm. Vfostd. Wafckoecsw or any conciacied If
V '319 fSf dae *' 8 P**** 1 """ 1^ *••¦••« by the oldau Y
W fgf£3| Sp«a*lUccat2*Coufe Eit^Syoan. fi
£ iJ^^Jl CR- JORCAJM>R1>ATE DISEASES J
O i A*«ry Trtirment personally or by >«•». A O
\ B » Vl B W< " <Wi ' aei ' <r7e ** - " a ° eTBllt «"- \
Aril \\G> Writs for Book. PHlLQaomY«# A
A Q Jp' »»luaite book fo« men) \
¥ OIL ioBDAN&CO., 10M Market St.. 8. F 9
'1 II ¦"> "^ "^ Tl> Tfc Ut tfc H. Qu
DR. MEYERS & GO.
Specialists. Disease *?§?^^ Ify
and weakness of ££%& »
men. Established f^w -
1SS1. Consultation vTy? '*&&?£!(*
and private book vK'* \t II
free, at office or by .W^tJ,
anteed. 7'.W Mar- k^Vw^^tjST
ket street (elevator l^^^tsSk'^iv
entrance), San y^^V/nySsSgv
BAJA CALIFORNIA.
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIOORa-
¦ tor and Nervine. >*«-«.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both a«x«a.
The Mexican Remedy for IMseases of the Kid-
nays and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRtTNE. Agents .
323 Market St.. B. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
THANKSGIVING
ENTERTAINMENTS
Require You to _Wear Dress Suits,
OUR Full Dress for....&40.00-$60.00
And Dark Dress Suits for....
915.50-850.00
Cannot be duplicated. Let U3 present tr
your inspection our Immense stock. The
lit, workmanship and trimmings are our
advertisers.
JOB POHBIM,
201-203 Montgomery Street
.1110-1112 Market Street.
, 113 S. Spring Street. Log Ang-elea,Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 18.— One of
the most noteworthy social events
of the season will be the marriage
next Wednesday of Miss Mabel
Trible Lyon, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. F. A. Lyon of this city, and Dr.
Barton Jerome Powell, the well-known
oculist of Stockton. The event will take
place at high noon at St. Paul's Church,
of which Rev. Charles L. Miel Is rector,
and it will be one of the few elaborate
church weddings of recent years.
The attendants will represent a bevy
of the prettiest girls in Sacramento, and
will include Miss Laura Cooper as maid
of honor, Miss Sallle Beaumont, Miss
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 18.— J. O. Coleman
and Frank Miller, representing the Cham
ber of Commerce, returned this evening
from Oroville, where they had been in at
tendance on a session of the Sacramento
Valley Development Association, of which
W. S. Green of Colusa is president. ..The
local representatives will arrange for c
conference at Pioneer Hall, in this city,
at 2 o'clock next Saturday afternoon be
tween the association and the members of
Congress and Senators and Assemblymen,
at which the subject of legislation needed
by the valley will be discussed.
Alice Willis. Miss Ruby Cooper and Miss
Edna Powell as bridesmaids, and • Miss
Gladys Hale and Miss Beth Hughson. The
groomsman will be Fred Moore of Sacra
mento.
St. Paul's Church will be beautifully
decorated for the event.
DR. BARTON J. POWELL AND
MISS MABEL TRIBLE LYON.
HIS BRIDE-TO-BE.!
LEAVENWORTII, Kans., Nov. 18.— The
escaped convicts, Cravens and Estell, were
to-day surrounded in the hills a mile from
Brighton, having, escaped from the barn
burned by the posse.
The pla.ee is rough and well adapted to
screen the convicts, and, as they are well
armed, the posse will probably starve
them out. and not try to force surrender.
The officers are sure that one of the men
is bnrlly wounded aa a result of the first
day's fusillade.
DENVER. Nov. 18.—After nearly two
months' confinement In Jail here Joseph
Haennalt has Just confessed that he was
implicated In the robbery of Mrs. Flora
Betts on the night of August 27. when
diamonds valued at $7000 were taken from
her after she had been beaten almost Into
insensibility. i
At the time of the robbery Haennalt and
Mrs. Betts were returning from a drive
into the country. They were held up by
two men. one of whom murderously as
saulted Mrs. Betts. Haennalt was also
robbed of $40! He was arrested on the fol
lowing day, and has been held ever since.
In his confession he charges John Barr,
who operates a vinegar factory on the
south Bide, with being the chief actor,
although he acknowledges that he planned
the robbery and induced Mrs. Betts to go
with him for a drive that his accomplices
might secure the Jewels which she was In
the habit of wearing. ; - ..;
Barr's refusal to visit Haennalt in jail
or to return the $40, It is said, caused him
to make the confession. Barr was ar
rested some time ago, but was released
on baiL He was rearrested. Dan Con
way, a dairyman, has been arrested as
an accessory. .
The police believe that the diamonds
were disposed of somewhere in the East.
ESCAPED CONVICTS
'f/>Vv ARE SURROUNDED
Mrs. Betts.
Valuable Diamonds From
Was an Accessory teethe Theft of
HAENNALT MAKES
FTTLL CONFESSION
against Inspector Cross and Captain Her
lihy, whose Insolence to clergymen
brought forth from Bishop Potter his re
cent denunciation of the police conditions
of the city. A general crusade against
vice will also be discussed and President
York will deliver himself of some forceful
remarks concerning the obligations of all
concerned with the Police Department,
and it is understood that he will reiterate
his determination to perform his full duty
or resign his position.
Down in the "Red Ught" district of the
East Side everything was again wide open
to-night. Scouts were out, however, wait-
Ing to receive the earliest news should
raids be planned. Just at present the
dens of vice are reaping an extraordinari
ly rich harvest, as the advertising which
that quarter of the city has received has
resulted in many slumming parties. Chief
of Police Devery in published interviews
has freely expressed himself as being
ready to stric.tly enforce the law, promis
ing to destroy all disorderly resorts of
whatever nature and wherever they may
be found within the city. But those who
for seven years have been engaged in bh
effort to purify New York axe inclined
to doubt ft.
In an interview Frank Moss, attorney
for the Society for the Prevention of
Crime, calls attention to the fact that it
was Just seven years ago that public in
dignation was aroused by the manner
in which Devery, then police captain In
the Eldredge-street Precinct, fostered vice
and crime in its lowest form.
President York has called a meeting of
the Polici^Board for to-morrow morning,
at which charges may bo preferred
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— It became ap
parent to-day that the latest crusade
against crime and vice in this city was
to have unexpectedly quick results. Pool
room men.keepers of gambling houses and
proprietors of disreputable resorts re
ceived notice to be ready to close without
delay when the word was given-* They
were told that there would be no Inter
ference unless it became necessary, but
that it might come to-morrow, though, in
any event, it was hoped that the shut
down would be only temporary. Promise
was given that just as soon as the present
hue and cry subsided restrictions would
be relaxed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Receive Notice to Close as
Soon as 'the Word, Is
Given.-
DIVE OWNERS
GIVEN A TIP
"Mandy," said the old gentleman, "I am
afraid that boy of ours is goin' to be a
"He ain't writ nothln', has he?" asked
the old lady, in alarm.
"No, he ain't writ-nothing' yet, but I
notice he Is doln'less an' less work every
day. an' doln* it carelesser" — Indian
apolis Press. . .
SANTA CRrz. Nov. IS.— H. J. McCoy
of the Fan Francisco Young Men's Chris
tian Association is here, and a reception
*as tendered him at the Young Men's
rhrisT:a.n Association building last night
by thf mrirhfrs. To-night he addressed
s union mating at the Congregational
Church, and on Monday at the same place
will deliver a lecture on his travels in
Kumpe.
Exception to McCoy.
WOODLAND, Nov. IS.— The orange crop
In Capay Valley Is ripening fast. The
orange orchards of that section are not
fo large and numerous as elsewhere in
the State, but the fruit is of a Buperior
quality and commands the highest mar
ket price. It 1» only in recent years that
To'.o County soil and climate have been
founfl admirably adapted to the buc
cefsfi:! cultivation of orange trees. There
are many young orange orchards In the
county that will not come into bearing
for two or three years.
Oranges Ripening Fast.
WOODLAND, Nov. 18. — The season has
opened auspiciously for the agricultural,
horticultural and viticultural interests of
Yolo County. The rainfall so far has
been nearly three and a half inches — suf
ficient to start the farmers plowing and
to put orchards and vineyards in
goqd condition for cultivation. The
rainfall for the past three years
has been Insufficient, and, as a re
sult, crops of most varieties have been
short. Farmers of long experience and
extended observation are confident that
thiu will be a very wet season. In which
event there Is reasonable expectation . of
bountiful crops. The outlook Is consid
ered Quite favorable.
Rainfall Benefits Yolo.
BAN MIGUEL. Nov. 18.— The rainfall for
the last forty-eight hours haj amounted to
1.66 inches, making for the season' a total
of 2.26 Inches, as against 2.60 inches to the
same date last year. In the canyons and
hills surrounding the town fully three
Inches of rain have fallen. It was a fine
warm rain, and the people were so elated
that they fired an anvil salute.. The Indi
cations are that the etorm la not yet over.
People of San Miguel.
Anvil Brought Into Play by the
BAIN CAUSES REJOICING.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 18.— Secretary, of
State Curry has filed with Governor Gage
a certificate of the number of votes re
ceived by Peter J. Shields, showing his
election as Superior Judge of Sacramento
County. Upon this showing It is expected
that a certificate of election will be
promptly Issued to Judge Shields, enabling
him to assume the bench without delay.
This course will be followed owing to the
mass' of business awaiting disposal by
the courts requiring the attention of the
full complement of three Judges.
Press of Court Business at Sacra-
mento Benders a Delay
Unwise.
UKIAH. Nov. IS.— The district confer
ence of the Epworth League closed here
to-night In. figuratively speaking, a blaze
of glory- Nearly all of the churches In
town turned over their pulpits to the vis
iting ministers for the midday service, and
practically the whole day was taken up
by meetings of one kind and another.
To-night brought the culmination. A
grand mass-meeting of all the young peo
ple's ¦societies, and hundreds of older ones,
was held at Marks' Opera-house, which
was crowded to the doors. After • line
musical programme Dr. J. E. Moore of
Centenary Church, San Francisco,
preached a sermon, in which he arose to
the sublimest heights of eloquence, and
then the Leaguers formed what Is called
the "unbroken circle," and this fifth an
nual conference was a thing of past his
tory.
All the visiting delegates and ministers
are enthusiastic in their praise of the
treatment they have received at the hands
of the people of Ukiah, regardless of
church or creed. ...
SHIELDS TO BE SEATED
AS JUDGE IMMEDIATELY
E. Moore of San Fran
cisco.
Masterly Sermon Preached by Dr. J.
CLOSE OF EPWOBTH
LEAGUE CONFERENCE
The roads are now prepared to withstand
the winter storms, the bridges are thor
oughly repaired and the stations for the
horses along the roads are stocked with
hay and grain to commence the season
next spring.
The valley has never been In better con
dition than it is at the present time. After
the first rains the falls are booming. A.
H. "U'ashburn, superintendent of the Yo
semite Stage and Turnpike Company, said
to-day:
"I have been In the valley every year
for the last forty years, and I think it is
a mistaken idea that during the months
of May and June is the time to visit Yo
semite. In the spring the weather is al
ways unsettled. and many points of inter
est are Inaccessible on account of the
snow, but In the fall every one Is accessi
ble and the autumn tints and sunsets add
greatly to the trip. I think It is folly, this
talk of building a road into Yosemite for
winter travel when the fall travel is so
light. During the winter the falls are al
ways low, as their supply of water de
pends upon the melted snow in the higher
regions surrounding the valley, and the
valley is not to be compared to what it is
in the fall."
This year has been a very good season
for travel. 2500 tourists and 3000 campers
having visited the valley.
TOSEMITE. Nov. 18.— The season has
virtually closed in the Yosemite. The reg
ular stages that run from Raymond to
Yosemite were taken off on November 1,
and only special trips are made into the
valley. The Big Oak Flat line closed on
September 1. Stages always enter the val
ley by the 1st of April and continue to run
until November L
Tourists to Visit the Park
in the Fall.
YOSEMITE VALLEY STAGE
LINES CLOSE FOR "WTNTEB
Superintendent Washburn Advises
TACOMA. Nov. 18.— Norman Godk'n
von Galen, of blue-blooded German an
cestry and the hero of a dozen battles
In the Philippine Islands while in the ser
vice of the United States Government.
was a prisoner at the Central police
station to-day. Chief of Police Fackler
at noon received a telephone call from
his wife, who said there was a man in
the house who insisted upon reading her
palm. The chief hurried home to find
Norman Godkin von Galen explaining the
mysteries of palmistry to Mrs. Fackler.
The ex-soldier was quite as persistent
and brave In his occult profession as he
was at the Biege of Manila. He was tell
ing Mrs. Fackler that she never would
be happy until she learned the secrets of
the future as portrayed by the lines of
her hand.
At this Juncture the Chief entered and
siezed the hero by the collar. Some In
dignation v.as shown by the German
nobleman, but he accompanied the Chief
to the central station. He at first flatly
refused to give his name, but after he
had been waltzed around the station a
few times he told of his German ancestry
and his war record.
"This is extremely humiliating to a man
of my antecedents," he explained. "My
father 1 is a distinguished man, as well as
myself. I enlisted in a cavalry regi
ment at the Presidio in May, 1S98. and en
gaged in all the big battles in the Phil
ippines. I began reading palms at fifty
"cents each because I needed money."
Galen's relatives are a noble family
living in Westphalia.
Special Die-patch to The Call.
• . >¦
Claimant of Blue-Blooded German
Ancestry in Financial Straits
at the Puget Sound
City.
FODGHT IN THE PHILIPPINE WAR
Norman Godkin Von Galen
Put Under Arrest at
Tacoma.
PALM READING
TIE VOCATION
OF NOBLEMAN
The rrrsent outbreak of hostilities is due
to an alleged improvement introduced by
Golf Instructor Smith, a recent importa
tion frcm the land of haggis. In order to
afford easy passage from one putting
preen to another, little turnstiles have
been erected on the barbed-wire fences
which encompassed the links. The move
was in the direction of retrenchment and
reform, for in the old days the dam
ap<> to Tartan inexpressibles and scarlet
Jackets occasioned by climbing over the
thorny fence after stray balls was dis
tressful to contemplate. Then, too, there
w*>re the ladies.
But Secretary Brown. Instructor Smith
and the committee never stopped to con
template the effect of the innovation on
Mr. Stetson's kine. Lured by the puff
balls and cooling greenery of the teeing
(TTounds, a sociable old dowager Aldcrney,
which had never before been known to
stray from the paths of Stetsonian recti
tude, ambled through a convenient turn
stile, and a bevy of kittenish heifers fol
lowed her. It got so. finally, that Fred
Green couldn't make a drive without
plugging on<» of Stetson's prize cattle,
and when two promising yearlings be
came mired in the club's water bunker
snd a lady player -was treed near hole 4
by a fierce moo-cow, the committee called
a halt.
Lawyer Stetson was equal to the emer
gency. After several days' labor he shov
eled from th* 1 dusty records of the city
of San Rafael an old town ordinance
which provides that all fences must be
cattle-proof, and he threatens an action
for damaccs against the club. He also
hints darkly that the caddies enticed his
tTwiri* 1 prize ¦winner? Into the water
bunker?, and then, taking an unfair ad
vantage r>f them, milked them.
"You can granulate me in a box
churn if I'll surp'y milk for eighteen
t*>*>s." he remarked.
Th* club proposes to charge storage on
ell mire<l cattle and pasturage for those
that hrnwsM on the putting greens. The
rates will be fixed by a special commit
tee.
PAN RAFAEL. Nov. IS.— The war be
tween Edward Gray Stetson, the owner
cf the Toyon ranch, and the San Rafael
Qolt Club, has broken out anew, and
spectral injunctions and other horrid le
graJ bugaboos gibber at the door of the
cr.ce happy Hoot Mons. Mr. Stetson Is
a lawyer, with a hobby for breeding blue
ribbon Aidemoyp ajid prize poultry, and
he and the gobiacp are neighbors. In the
cays when the vagrant breeze wafted the
perfume from Hutcher Klein's abattoir
over links and cow pasture alike they
were al!i**s.: but no sooner was the sau
sajremaicer's scaJp r.ailed to the roof
tree of the clubhouse than discord sprang
up between them.
Stetson averred that the caddies were
far too fend of chicken dinners, and that
his Legrhorns and Plymouth Rocks that
wardered away from the shadow of his
henhouse to the putting green got sty
mied — cr something: at all events they
never came back. So he had his ranch
resurveyed. and ran a barbed-wire fence
alor.g one Fide of It, cutting off two of
the club's eighteen holes. This demoral
ised the play until a new course
was laid out, and when shortly
afterward Frank Johnson's j French
poodle diso<->verr-d the real thing: in the
polecat line on the links and diffused the
InfTmRTinn generally among the players,
besides breaking up a match game, it
was taken as an established fact that the
cuddies were not responsible for the as
saults on the Stetson hen roost.
FlwciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
Owner of Toyon Ranch. Insinuates
That They Lure His Hens to De
struction and Milk His
Alderneys.
War On Between the At
torney and the Hoot
Mons.
GRAVE CHARGE AGAINST CADDIES
STETSON LOCKS
BOMS WITH SAN
RAFAEL GOLFERS
cess could not . be obtained. ¦.- Constructor
Zahm starts out under exceedingly favor
able circumstances, and -it is to be hoped
that under his administration this im
< portant ' naval station will ' prosper as' it
never has. before, and that It will .secure
what It was hoped for so long to obtain— a
new Bhip to build. s
NAVAL. CONSTRUCTOR FRANK
B. ZAHM. NOW ON DUTY AT
I MARS ISLAND.'
VALfLEJO, Nov. 18.— Naval Construct
or Frank B. Zahm, U. S. N., who as
sumed chai-ge of , the construction
and repair department of the Mare
Island Navy Yard on Monday last, entered
the Naval Academy at Annapolis from
Pennsylvania In 1887. After graduation he
made a cruise with the white squadron
and afterward In the West Indies and
South America. He took a special course
of study at the University of Glasgow,
Scotland, since which time he has been
on difty at the Norfolk and New York
navy yards, and latterly, since 1897, has
been attached to the bureau of construc
tion and repair with the exception of
about six months during the Spanish war,
when he had charge of the naval station
at Port Royal, S. C.
The Army and Navy Register of recent
date has this to say of Constructor Zahm:
"There Is genuine regret over the detach
ment from duty In Washington of Frank
B. Zahm, IJ. S. N. He has been since
September. 1897, prominently and intimate
ly identified with the affairs of the bureau
of construction and repair, and has gained
the respect and friendship of those who
have had business relations with that of
fice. Chief Constructor Hichborn has
been fortunate in his possession as an as
sistant of Naval Constructor Zahm, whose
uniform courtesy to those who had occa
sion to visit the bureau. has been quite as
appreciable as is his marked ability as a
member of a valuable corps and an ad
viser of its head. His departure from
Washington will therefore be the occasion
of regret to many others than his office
associates.. No officer has taken from
"Washington to his new duty a . greater
measure of good wishes .than accompanies
Mr. Zahm, who leaves to-day for Mare
Island."
On assuming charge of the construction
department last Monday , his first move
was to call- all of the foremen . together.
In a very pleasant and agreeable manner
he told them that they had the reputation
of being the best foremen as a class in the
navy, and he earnestly -desired, their
hearty co-operation in the work before the
department/ without which 'perfect' sue-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NAVAL CONSTRUCTOR ZAHM
POPULAR IN THE SERVICE
Mitchell Bunker, who has achieved the
distinction of being the first foreign wo
man to cross Siberia from east to west,
arrived in this city to-day by the Umbria
on the last portion of a two years* trip
around the world. -When she and her hus
band started on their journey, they wero
advised by Russian officials that it would
not be safe for a woman to venture, with
out a strong escort, through the Czar's
Asiatic dominions, but Mrs. Bunker was
not to be deterred by the perils and dis
comforts of a long trip.
From San Francisco, which they left
in March of 1899. Mr. and Mrs. Bunker
went direct to Yokohama and then ovc
to Russian Asia, landing at Vladivostok.
Mrs. Bunker says that she soon found
that traveling In Russia- meant very te
dious delays and mucn looking after ono'3
self. Beyond this she says she found it
a delightful experience.
Mrs. Bunker said: "The'' entire trip
from Vladivostok to Moscow ' occupied
nearly sixty days, as we left Vladivostok
May 30 and reached Moscow July 2S, but
fully thirty days of this time was wasted
in waiting for steamboats and railway
trains. The actual time spent in travel
ing was about, thirty days. The entire
distance traveled- is about 6500 miles. •
"We carried our own food throughout
fhe trip, for the Inns are atrocious and ill
smelling, and we lived on canned goods
and prepared all our meals. The Rus
sians themselves were unfailingly kind
and we did not have Ihe slightest trouble
with officials from ' Vladivostok to St.
Petersburg." « : - ' ' ,
Mr. Bunker, who went .through Siberia
at the reauest- of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce to ascertain what
effects the opening of Eastern Asia would
have ¦ upon the Pacific Coast of America,
said he found that the development of
Siberia means only new and greater mar
kets - for, the Western States. - He found
flour from Oregon, and California lining
the banks of the Amur at every steamer
landing and boatloads of American lum
ber at different ports on the river.
NEW YORK. Nov. 18.— Mrs. William
FIRST FOREIGN WOMAN"
TO CROSS SIBERIA
NEW YORK, Nov. 18.— Francis D.
Carley, a well known Wall street broke-,
who lives at Orange, N. J., made an
nouncement to-day at Newark that lato
on Saturday he had filed in the United
States District Court at Trenton a peti
tion in bankruptcy. The petition de
clares the liabilities to be more than a
million and the assets nothing.
A list of the principal creditors is: Mrs.
C. D. Carley, borrowed money, $500,575;
Inman, Swan & Co., New York, judg
ment, $235,000; J. Kennedy Tod & Co..
New York, judgment. $180,000: Franz
Deutsch and Caesar Schlessinger. Lon
don, Judgment, $30,000; Van Schack & Co..
Isew York, balance on contract, $60,000;
n.. M. Boack, New York, $30,000; Clay
City National Bank, Judgment, indorse
ment notes of Kentucky Union Railway
Co.. $8000; German Security Bank, Louis
ville, Ky., guarantee in the Kentucky
Union Railway Co., $7000; Kentucky Na
tional Bank, Louisville, guarantee note,
Kentucky Union Railway Co., $16,000.
In addition there are about a score of
other creditors holding claims amounting
to from $50 to $3000.
These claims, Mr. Carley says, are the
result of a venture in the South several
years ago in which he lost $1,500,000.
While Mr. Carley was abroad recently
one of his clerks acquainted some of th£
judgment creditors with the fact that
about $200,000 had been placed with cer
tain brokers for investment. Believing
that to be Mr. Carley's money the cred
itors began to force payment of judg
ments, placing attachments on tno
money, and as a result he concluded to
take advantage of the bankruptcy laws
in the interest of all his creditors.
Mr. Carley, who is 61 years of age, is
an Ohioan by birth. He moved from Chi
cago to Louisville In 1865. Here his
career as a financier began when he be
came- affiliated with the Standard Oil
Company as president of Its Southern
branch.
In 1890 Mr. Carley came to New York
and at once took a prominent place in
financial circles. He became head of the
brokerage firm of Carley, Stock & Co..
which has since become the firm, of F.
D. Carley & Co. In 1S90 Mr. Carley began
the building of the Kentucky Union Rail
road, and he dropped a fortune.
Mr. Carley, In an interview, blames cer
tain Wall street men for forcing him In
financial matters and saya he will soon
make an expose.
Francis D. Carley Files a
Petition in Bank
» ruptcy.
BROKER FAILS
FOR A MILLION
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 13.— The senior
class of the High School has elected Har
old Mlchener president. Miss Sarah Doug
las secretary and treasurer. Miss Elsie
Rlgdon valedictorian. Miss Edna Hunt
salutatorlan and William Lyman essayist.
Seniors Elect Officers.
VANCOUVER, Nov. 18.— Elections have
already taken place in 211 of the 213 con
stituencies represented In the Canadian
House of Commons, and contest have yet
to be held in but two districts, one of
which is . Vancouver. Because of lta
tr-dlness, the election here has taken on
extraordinary Importance. Several of the
leaders of both of the political parties are
here participating In the campaign, which
Is ' growing In bitterness day by day.
Sir Charles Tupper, the octogenarian
politician who Is about to retire from the
leadership of the Conservative party,
after having suffered a general defeat In
the various provinces as well as having
been rejected for Parliament in his own
individual constituency, was the star at
traction at a large mass meeting held
last nlffnt In the Interests of Mayor Gar
den, the Conservative candidate. Sir
Charles made a violent attack upon the
Liberal leaders and Liberal methods. He
was especially virulent in his denuncia
tion of Sir Wilfrid Laurier, the French-
Canadian Premier of Canada. He declared
th«-^ Sir Wilfrid had remained In office
by. appealing to the base passions of his
ignorant French-Canadian compatriots
In stentorian tones he asserted that Str
Wilfrid was setting race against race and
creed against creed in homogeneous Can
ada—that he was sowing the seeds of a
lifetime of discord.
"He Is breeding bitterness and unhap
plness and strife," passionately declared
the aged baronet. "French-Canadians
rule Canada to-day. Men of British blood,
how much more are you going to stand?"
Sir Charles' remarks created a sensation
at the meeting, and the sensation nas been
developing ever since. The anti-French
feeling of hatred has been greatly ln
creassd, and Conservatives are loud In
their denunciation of their fellow coun
trymen of Gallic descent.
"Already," he continued, "the French
are sJl-powerful at Ottawa, and none but
a Frenchman can obtain an appointment
or secure a oontract for any public work
in or out of Quebec Even In the old Brit
ish Columbian town cf New "Westminster,
the people entirely being English or
Scotch, a French-Canadian from Quebec
was given the contract for the new Fed
eral buildings now In course of construc
tion there; every stonemason, every plas
terer and every carpenter working on that
building Is a French-Canadian, brought
9000 miles from Quebec to New Westmin
ster to do work which should be given to
home, mechanics, but the latter possess
the unpardonable offense of an English
tongue, and no favors need be expected
by them."
Sir Charles salt! that If the English
speaking' people, comprising: the greater
part of the Canadian population, should
rise up In their might agralnst the i'rench-
Canadians the Liberals alone would be to
blame.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Thus Declares Sir Charles Tupper in De
nouncing Premier Laurier and the
Liberal Party.
CANADA IS DRIFTING
TOWARD CIVIL WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1900.
Dr.Fowell and Miss
Mabel Lyon the
Principals .
* • . ¦ ¦-. •', - v -: >¦
*¦¦ ¦¦-¦¦¦¦"'¦'- - ..-.- .-i.. .
Stocktonian Wins,
a Capital City
Belle.
ELABORATE CHURCH WEDDING ' .
TO OCCUR AT SACRAMENTO
To Discuss Needed legislation.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Telephone Polk 1125.
¦jg**-. PAINLESS
EXTHACTION
eisk'geary street
Between Hyde *nd Laxkln.
. Purely vecrtakle, mild* and reliable. Gaaa.
perfect dre«tlon. complet. • absorption and
healthful r*«ularttjr.
For tba cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. BoweU. Kldners. Bladder. FemtJe^Ir-
r#«nil«xities. Elck Headache. BllloueneM. Oon-
•tipatlon. Piles and all derangements or tn.
Internal VUcenu tSe a box.. At X>mggietm, or
by malt KADWAT & CO.. New Tork.
Radway's
Pills
The overcoat is
$6.95
and trie suit is
S1O.OO
The overcoat is a black kersey, with a good
velvet collar and linings that will last; it has been
sold by us for $10.00 and customers were well sat-
isfied with the purchase; it is one value out of the
many to be had during our overcoat sale. Among
others are coverts, whipcords, kerseys, cheviots,
oxford grays, raglans, etc., from $7.^0 upward to
$i£.oo, and higher, if you wish. Every overcoat is
union-made and guaranteed.
The suit is a. blue serge — our regular ten
dollar blue serge that has pleased more customers
than most any other suit in our store. It is a good
quality of serge, too — all wool, fast color, and,
being made by union labor, you can count upon
excellent workmanship; two styles — single or
double-breasted. . Serges are. stylish this winter.
Remember that this is the store that protects
its customers. .
Boys' Suits
Up to next Thursday night, when the sale ends,
you can get a good school suit for your boy for
$2.50
We are willing to have you compare the suit
with the usual $4:00, '$4. go or Jg.oo suit for boys
that is sold generally in retail stores.
. The suits from 9 to ig years are plain, with
double-breasted coats; and from g to 10 years,
with' double-breasted coats and sailor collar'
trimmed with braid, v
Baseball outfit free with every boys* suit or
Automobile coats for little girls made to order
for 510:00. 5
; Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
718 Market Street.
for Today |
1 JUST THINK OF IT ! |
1 THE GENUINE £
1 NOVA SCOTIA SO 35 1
| SEAL SHOE Z— 1
§ 6cl4 everywhere at M. Theee s
=5 Ao** are Buckingham & R>cht'« =
= make. h«v« cork soles, up-to-date =
= toe» an* •*» absolutely water-proof. =
= 500 Pairs of 7Cn 1
| Ladies* Shoes at I Jb l
= These shoe* are laet yea^B style*: =
= not all «iz*»: are really worth *4 and =
= JS a pair. ' =
I Children's Storm Robbers 15c |
= All the abOT» roods will be =
= *old to-day at these prices. =
= Come and Bet them. s
1 STANDARDS HOE CO. |
s 1029 X txket Street. Betweta 6th and 7th. =. • . • • • •
The Spanish armored "cruiser Cataluna
was launched at Carthagena September
24. The vessel, which is practically du
plicate of the Ill-fated Colon, Oquendo,
Vlscaya and Marie Terese, is 348 feet in
length. 61 feet beam and displaces 67W
tons on 2Ui feet draught. The engines
are to develop 10.000 horsepower under
natural draught and 15,000 under forced
draught with corresponding speeds of IS
and 20 knots. The armor belt Is 230 feet
in length, 5& feet up and down and 10
inches to 12 inches in thickness; the tur
rets are of like thickness, and the arm
ored deck Is 2 to 2% inches. The arma
ment consists of two 11-inch, ten 5%-lnch,
two 14-pounders, eight 12-pounders and
four 3-ponnders. The bunker "capacity is
1200 tons.
Promotion of officers In European na
vies is made by selection or seniority,
while in the American navy only the lat
ter system prevails In time of peace. The
dual plan works unsatisfactorily and Is
the cause of much heartburning among
officers who are not selected. Three re
cent cases in the -British 'navy show how
family influences .are likely to benefit
some officers at the expense of others who
THE- JOY-GIVING RAINS.
WHILE the rains thus far have not been suffi
cient to give any assurance of good crops for
the coming season, they have been ample
enough to raise sanguine hopes and give something
of joy to every section of the State. There is no
question that- a much more cheerful spirit will
now be felt by all classes of people, and preparations
for Thanksgiving and the holiday season will be made
with a true holiday spirit.
Though the rain was welcome everywhere a partic
ular gratification will be felt over that which has come
so timely in the southern counties. To the orange
growers the storm has been a veritable blessing and
its benefits will be immediate. The long drought
that has so interfered with the prosperity of that sec
tion appears at last to have ended, and the orchardists
can now expect a return of the bountiful seasons of
the past.
Mr. McAdie, chief of the United States Weather
Bureau on this coast, reports the storm to have been
the most extensive of the last four or five years. In
a statement published yesterday he said: "It is rain
ing, from the Mexican to the Canadian
We do not often have that condition. It has rained
all through Arizona." He went on to add: "I have
no doubt that this storm is one of the greatest bene
fits in a way that has befallen this State -for 'some
time. The orange crop particularly needed the rain,
as ijt was colorine very raoidlv: and the growers were
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"But when the news came, dear. It la a
wonder that you^did not faint."
"How Billy! You know that I could not
faint without mussing up my new
dress."— Philadelphia Record.
Burglar (suddenly confronted by a po
liceman)—Hello! here's a cop. ,
Policeman— Don't let me interfere. I'm
not on duty to-night. Just dropped In to
see the c6ok. — Boston Transcript.
He— Have you done as I asked. Ellse,
and 6aved some money this month?
She— Oh, yes: I spoke to the grocer and
asked him not to send in his bill till next
month! — Fllegende Blaetter.
"If I was Louise I'd be ashamed."
• "Why?"
"She's a member of the Audubon Club,
and yet she has her bedroom fitted out
in bird's-eye maple." — Chicago Record.
Miss Cutting— Tour Jokes always remind
me of a ball.
Littlewlt — And why of a ball, pray?
Miss Cutting— Because there is never
any point to them.— Chicago News.
There's a hammer called Opportunity.
And when the moment comes
To clinch success or else to fall.
For each who fairly strikes the nan
A hundred hit their thumbs.
—Chicago Times-Herald.
Mrs. Prior— Miss Smarte, if* funny, bnt
several persons have asked me how old
you are. .
Miss Smarte — If anybody asks you
again, you can say Tm old enough not to
tell. — Boston Transcript.
"My daughter's young man went home
on time last night."
"Did you go in and remind him?"
"No: but I had our parlor clock fixed so
it cuckooed every ten minutes."— Detroit
Free Press.
Mike (opening his pay envelope)— Faith,
thai's the stingiest man I ever worked
for.
Pat— Phwat's the matther wld ye; didn't
ye git as much as ye expected?
Mike— Tis. but I was countin* on irittin*
more than I ixslctsd.— Philadelohla. Pros*.
W9RK OF THE SESSION.
SENATOR HANNA in a recent interview stated
that at the coming session the energies of Con
gress would be directed mainly to the army bill,
the shipping bill and the Nicaraguan canal bill. The
opinion is in harmony with that expressed by other
responsible Republican leaders. For example, Mr.
Payne, chairman of the Ways and Means Committee
of the House, has stated that the task of making a
thorough revision of the war tax will probably be
left to the next Congress, and that in the short session
that now remains for this Congress hardly anything
will be undertaken outside of routine bills, except the
measures named by Senator Hanna.
The work outlined is ample, .and , if it be accom
plished the public will be well satisfied. It appear?
certain that some of the defects of the war tax will
be remedied during the session, but that a complete
revision will be postponed for the good and suffi
cient reason that until it has been' determined what
expenditures the Government will undertake for the
construction of the canal, the government of the Phil
ippines and the building of new ships for the navy,
coast defenses and the promotion "of our merchant
marine, it will not be possible to determine* J-^t how
far, if any, the revenues from the present rate 01 :^vxa
tion may be diminished.
It would be gratifying if to the measures named by
Senator Hanna and Mr. Payne there could be added
this winter the. immigration restriction bill, of which
Senator Lodge recently spoke in Boston. . The tide
of immigration has been rapidly rising of late and
increases with the increasing" prosperity of the "coun
try. Moreover, it is becoming more and more an
immigration from Southeastern Europe, composed of
ignorant and moneyless people. Such, immigration
is objectionable on every .score, and if it bepossible
to anolv a check this winter it'should be done. .
BLUE CXOTH COSTUME.
This costume is of. pastel blue cloth,
tailor made, braided with silk slightly
darker, with Indentations on the skirt and
bodice. The waistband is of taffetas to
match.
Going- Back to Caravans.
Russia is about to have- an experience
which Is of Interest to the United States
tn some of the things which it suggests.
The Czar has taken complete possession
of the Siberian railroads for urovernnaent
al purposes, and the merchants of Rus
sia s principal cities who furnish mer
chandise to Siberia, or trad© with It In
any way, are arranjrlns to transport
goods to it by the caravans which, were
in vogue before the railroad wu tmilt.
Travelers, too. It Is expected, will hav©
to resort to stage coaches In passing In
or through that province.
What would happen in the United States
if the administration at Washington
should take- possession at all th© trans
continental railroads for th© transT'orta
tion of soldiers and military stores us
Nicholas II is dointj in the case of the
Siberian lines The old stair© coaches
which had St. Louis for their eastern ter
minus for a few years, and which were
afterward started from points farther
west as the railroad was built throuirtx
this State or in the "States farther nortn
would have to be resuscitated. Tnstead
of making the trip between th© Mississip
pi and the Pacific In about three or four
days, as at present, the old twenty or
twenty-five-day Journeys would come
a^ain. Santa Fe, by the mules or the ox
teams which would hav© to b© ©trployed
again would, for trading: purposes h«
from fortv tn slxtv days distant from 8L
Louis or Kansas City, as in the old times.
—St. Louis Glob*-r>emocT*t. > **««».
/'"""* HICAGO will this morning have the honor of
I entertaining a convention called for the purpose
promoting the improvement of highways,
devising means for the accomplishment of such work
and planning a compaign of education to interest the
public in the enterprise. The convention will be in
session for three days and will be immediately fol
lowed at the same ciiy and in the same hall by the
National Irrigation Congress.
The good roads' movement has been before the
country a long time. In some of the older States a
most commendable progress has been made, while in
others little or nothing has beendone. In that respect
California has been an epitome of the whole Union,
for in some of our counties a most excellent system of
roadways has been established and is maintained, but
in others the reverse is the case. We can show sec
tions of the State in which the highways are as good
as any in the most progressive parts of the Union,
and there are other sections where the people tiave
been content with the most primitive sort of thor
oughfares.
Such being the case, our interests in the movement
for better highways is as great as that of any other
class of American people. We ought therefore to be
ready to profit by anything that may be done by the
'Chicago convention. A circular announces that a.
large attendance is anticipated and that the gathering
is expected to be the most practical industrial conven
tion ever called in this country.
Concerning the importance of the movement it is
sufficient to point out that 99 per cent of every load
by railroad, steamboat or express must be carried in
a wagon or truck over a highway. -.The statistics of
the "office of road inquiry," under the Secretary of
Agriculture at Washington, prove that it costs the
farmers of the United States nearly three times more
than those of Europe to market an equal tonnage of
farm products over primary roads.
HIGHWAY IMPROVEMENT..
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
TRADE ALREADY RESPONDING.
THE return of the Republican administration to
power has already produced a marked improve
ment in business throughout the country. For
the first time in months the bank clearings last week
showed a pain over the corresponding week of last
year, and even New Xork exhibited an increase. The
gain for the whole country was I4-* per cent, against
an average loss of 15 per cent fc«* oonths past, anl
that for New York 21. 1 per cent All large cities ex
cept Boston and Chicago showed a gain. This is
another beneficial reversal of previous conditions, for
these very same large cities have heretofore shown au
urvarying loss. It was expected that the country would
show an improvement in business after the re-election
of President McKinley, but it was not expected to
appear so soon, nor so pronounced.
True, the weather throughout the Eastern States
has turned cold, and this has stimulated the lagging
demand for goods, especially for clothing and other
merchandise dependent upon winter weather, but no
body disputes the beneficent influence of the election.
But the weather does not affect the foreign export
trade, which is rapidly increasing and which is assum
ing large proportions. Nor does it produce the
bunching of new enterprises, of which the prelim
inary plans are now being considered. Hence it is
s?fe to say that the major part of the current business
improvement is directly traceable to the election.
Wall street was quieter last week. The intense fire
and snap of the few days immediately following the
election were no longer visible. Trading was active,
however, though the hardening of the money market
tended to restrict operations, and there was heavy
selling, principally by people who were shrewd
enough to take the profits of the post-election ad
vance. The industrials weakened first, and the rail
roads followed. Later on in the week, however, many
stocks showed a tendency to recover the lost ground,
and there was no general downward' settlement after
the first day or two. •
The commercial staples generally ruled firm. The
iron interests attempted to advance prices in view of
an improved demand, and did succeed in some cases,
though it was claimed that the advance checked the
demand. The call for rails and structural material,
however, continued good. Hardware was reported in
better request in sympathy with the raw material.
Hides ceased to advance, but were still quoted firm.
Cotton hardened, owing to the colder weather, and
this produced a general business improvement
throughout the Southern States.- Wheat weakened
off, owing to heavy' quantities set afloat by foreign
countries, and to the bearish effect of the usual weekly
statistics. The country's failures, like the bank clear
ings, made an improved exhibit, those for the week
being 217, against 219 for the corresponding week,
in 1899.
The feature of the week locally was the heavy rain,
which caused a feeling of confidence everywhere. In
some parts of the State the fall was unusually copious
for this time of the year. It put the ground in condi
tion for renewed plowing, and as a large area had
already been turned up and sown the prospects for a
large grain acreage this year are bright.
The internal trade of the State continues brisk and
the export mpvement largej Shipowners report great
prosperity in their line, with not enough ships to
transport all the freight offered. Many more vessels
are needed to handle the commerce of the Pacific
Coast, which is increasing with remarkable rapidity.
The political events of the world during the past three
years have turned an immense demand for goods into
Pacific Coast channels, and the coast will hencefoijja
enjoy a permanent export demand which will more
than ever make San Francisco what it has always
been called, the gateway to the Pacific. And the major
part of this unboundsd prosperity has been caused by
the administration of President McKinley.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. I. "W. Hays of Grass Valley Is at
the Grand.
Dr. M. M. Shearer of Santa Rosa is stay
ing at the Occidental.
William H. Schooler, an attorney of
Chieo, is at the LJck.
M. H. Flint, an oil man of Xos Angeles,
Is a guest at the Occidental.
H. A. Cohen, a raining man of Salt Lake,
is a late arrival at the California.
F. M. Miller, an attorney of Fresno, is
registered at a downtown hotel.
W. L. Carter, a Santa Rosa business
man. is at the Occidental with his wife.
Count tie Dulthemorel and Count K. de>
Bolaine of Brussels are registered at the
Palace. .
Dr. P.- Howard Humphries. - M. D.. of
Honolulu is registered at the California
with his wife.
F. A. Shepard. who Is connected with
the St. James Hotel. San Jose, is at the
LJck. accompanied by his wife.
Mrs. Hattie Delaro-Barnes arrived her*
yesterday to fill a theatrical engagement
and is registered at the Palace.
Mrs. C. "W. Clark, daughter of Senator
Clark of Montana, and her sister, M3ss
Roberts, are here on a pleasure trip and
have engaged apartments at the Palace.
lack the requisite pull. Three sub-lieu
tenants were promoted over the heads ot
thirty-five, forty and fifty officers in the
same grade to lieutenants. These lucky
individuals were K. J. A. Fullerton. whose
father. Vice Admiral Fullerton. has been
in command of the Queen's yacht since
October 13. 1SS4. The second one is H. C.
S. Rawson. whose father is also a rear
admiral, and the third youngster is a
grandson of Admiral Sartorius. Such a
system, which some of the Washington
sailor officers wish to have introduced in
our navy, would speedily demoralize the
service, and the Sampson-Schley contro
versy originated just from the selection
of the former over the heads of a dozen
seniors to command the fleet in Cuban
waters during the late 'war with Spain.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
There is a rumor circulated in British
dockyards th.it an armored cruiser 600 feet
in length Is about to be built.
• • •
No less than five torpedo-boat destroy
ers In the British navy were reported dis
abled in one day during last month.
• • •
The French fleet in China waters con
sist of twenty-two vessels— chlpfly small
vess »el5_of 72.)v.2 apr.orregate tonnape. car
rying 236 officers, 54*1 crew and 359 guns of
large and small caliber.
• • •
The two battleships to be laid down at
onco for the French • navy are esti
mated to' cost $7,000,ftOO each, including
armamont. Four similar ships will be
laid down In 1902. and an armored cruiser
Is to be begun next year estimated to cost
J5.S00.000.
• • •
At the recent gunnery trials of the
British Channel squadron the captain of
one of the turret suns of the Majestic
fired five rounds In three minutes, hitting
the target each :lm<\ As the puna are
of 12-inch caliber, carrying a shell of 850
pounds and a cordite charge of lftS pounds,
the service must have been exceedingly
promptj and the sighting equally com
mendable for its rapidity and accuracy.
• • •
The British Admiralty will try as an
experiment to withdraw commanding lln«
ofilcers from the torpedo-boat destroyers
in home waters and place chief gunners
In charge of the vessels. Engineer offi
cers are also to be replaced with engineer
artificers, corresponding with warrant
machinists in our navy. If the results
are satisfactory, the plan will bo followed
up and extended to other ships, which
will make a large number of line and en
gineer officers available for "larger ves
sels.
• • *
The Niclausse boilers in the German
cruiser Freya have proved a failure. The
speed fell short two knots of the calcula
tion of 20 knots. As the same type has
been extensively experimented with in the
British torpedo gunboat Seagull and given
satisfactory results. Its failure in Ger
many may be due to causes not yet ex
plained—perhaps national prejudice, as all
other water-tube boilers in the German
navy are of home manufacture. The Ni
clausse boiler is to be used in the battle
ship Maine, bunding at Cramps; in the
monitor Arkansas at Bath, and pronably
in one of the six 3200-ton sheathed cruis
ers In course of construction. **
• • •
The naval programme of Prance Is to
complete 110 vessels from 11)01 to 1905 in
cluslve, the number of each class to bo
added to the navy during this" period being
as follows:
VOTING MACHINE RETURNS.
rOR several years past public interest in the re
turns from elections in States where voting ma
chines are in use has never been satisfied until
full information has been giv.cn of the operation of the
machines. In the past the reports have been almost
uniformly favorable, and this year the uniformity has
not been broken at all, so far as we can learn. In
every place where the machines were used they have
given satisfaction.
The Utica Observer undertook to publish an even
ing edition, giving a complete report of the voting
in that city during the day, and thanks to the speed
'of the machines it succeeded in doing so. From an
account given of the enterprise by that paper it ap
pears the first full. .report from a voting district, was
received at the Observer office just eighteen minutes
after the polls closed. Reports from other districts
followed fast, and the evening edition appeared with
complete returns in detail within an hour and a half
after the closing of the polling booths.
In fact, the Observer managed to give more than
the Utica returns, for it published at the same time
reports from other cities and towns where machines
were used. Thus the account says:
"In the meantime the Observer's correspondent aj
Rome had secured the vote in that city and tele
phoned to this office. There were nine machines in
Rome, and the work there was done with accuracy
and wonderful dispatch. West Win field, which also
had a voting machine, was secured by telephone, and
at 6:30 the edition giving the returns from the two
cities was issued."
The Springfield Republican, giving an account of
machine voting at Northampton,, Mass., says: "The
general result of the Bardwell votometer is that 26ig
votes were registered, against 2459 four years ago,
and the blanks were less in almost every case. This is
a good showing, but there were, a few cases in which
individual voters lost their vote because they could
not wait their turn. The voters crowded the polls
from the very minute of the opening.' Long lines ex
tended from the machines to the railing and beyond.
Voters waited from ten to forty-five minutes. The
voting was done in from thirty seconds to four min
utes. The use of. the votomettr was fairly successful,
and would have been thoroughly so had the State law
permitted the arrangement of the names otherwise
than alphabetically, or had there been two voting
machines in each ward. The votometer .would give
entire satisfaction even under present conditions in
wards having no more than 350 voters."
The opposition to the machines from the politicians
continues, but it is to be noted the success attained
wherever they have been tried has not been without
its effect. Boston is to give the machines a trial in a
municipal election to take place in December: and
there is a strong movement to bring about their. use
in Pennsylvania. A constitutional amendment will
be required in that State to effect the change, and
the Legislature is expected at the coming session
to submit such an amendment to the people.
The tests' that are to be made in Massachusetts and
Pennsylvania will be of value to all the States. It is
certain lhat those who will conduct the experiments in
those States will not be indulgent to any faults in the
machines, for in both States there is manifest disin
clination to accept the results obtained elsewhere.
Both in Boston and Philadelphia the authorities and
the press demand a local trial before deciding. The
desirability of providing for a prompt and accurate
count of the ballots at elections is not to be denied,
and consequently the public will note with no little
interest the results that are to be obtained from tha
new tests to which the machines are to be subjected.
green with envy. In Mrs. Leake's box
there was pretty Oeorgie Spleker. and I
was taken with the way that turquols?
panne velvet relieved the airy white of
her point d'esprlt dress. Miss Bf>s«ie
Gowan, the third member of the party,
wore a beautiful decollete gown of green
pineapple silk, trimmed with panne vel
vet.
But I tell you that the young folks did
not have It all their way on the openlns:
night. I never knew we had so .— :any
handsome old ladies in town. And as for
their style— whew! but daughters mu<<t
find their mammas most dangerous rivals
Was there ever such a dear old lady as
Mrs. Eleanor Martin? Another such an
an gel— always planning to entertain ami
make, the life of young folks happy. C
believe that Klena Ttobinson la the most
to-be-envjed Blrl In town for having been
allowed to take her first peep at the world*
of society under the kindly wing of Peter
Martin's sweet mother. Elena looked
lovely at the opera on Monday evening.
in her dainty gown of white point
d'esprlt. And. by the way. I think that
«he bore herself lovelv under the moat
trying 1 circumstances — Mrs. Martin on one
side in her elegant sown of black velvet
and rare old lace, and Mrs. Downey
Harvey whose pretty head and creamy
shoulders peeped out of a mannilncer.r
down of black lace ail broldered over In
silver, on the other.
MONDAY NOVEMBER 19. I9<M
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor. ;
/ddress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MIXAGEIl'S OFFICE Telephony Prenii 204
I'lBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market and Third. V F.
Telephone Prena 201.
f'niTORIAL noOMS 217 to 221 Sterenaon St.
Telephone Preas 2O2.
Delivered »»r Currlem. IS Cent* Per Week/
£lni;le Copies. 5 Cent*.
Tcrra« by Mat!. Inclndlac Poatnen
TATI.T CALL, <lne!u3!ng Euniay). one year SH^O
PAILT CALL, (IncladinK Funday). « months S.fiO
TiATXY CALL. {Including Sunday). S month» 1.50
T>ATLY CALL— Br B'.nsi- Month «5c
FtTCDAV CALL. One Temr 1.50
'K'KEKLT CALL. One Tear 1.80
All poatmsMtern are anthorlred to receive
¦abacrlptlona.
F«mpl» eoplea will be forwarded when requested:
Mall rub*cr1ber* tn nrderin* chance of tflSrm ohmiM
rarfleular to rive both NEXT AND OLD ADDREFS In orf*r
to Snetjre a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE? ltlB Drondirar
C. GEORGB KROGM2SS.
Vanager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
ftjrmt: Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
VETT YORK COHRESPOTDKNT:
C. C. CABLTOX Herald Sqaare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
*TKPI?nX n. SMITH SO Trlhnne IlaMdtnK
TCETW YORK NE..'S 55TANDS:
'w'ftldorf-AFtoria Hotel: A. Brentano, SI Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Phrnnsn House: P O. N>iti Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
ryetnont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASTHXGTOX <T>. C> OFFICE. . . .14OO G St., X. W.
MORTOX E. CRAVE. Correspondent.
nilA!VCIT OFFICES 527 Mont*roin»rT. corner of Clay, open
ur.til V.30 o'clock. !00 Haye*. open unt'.l 9:30 o'clock. «3
M<-AI!!*ter. open unt!I »:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
139 o'clock. »41 Mlwion. open until 19 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1CM Valencia, open
ur.t'.l 9 o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. XW. cor
ner Twertv-yecnnii and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
DID you ever see' such swell gowns
as were displayed on Monday night
at the opera? We have been told I
don't knovr just how many times
that we had no grandmothers. Now,
I could easily have disproved that on our
first Melba night just by showing yards
and yards of the rarest and oldest of rare
old lace. If we had no • grandmothers
where could we get our magnificent and
yellowed meshes? And if we had no Oak
land i millionaires how could .we fill our
family circle during an opera season?
On Monday night I saw the house, and,
of course, listened to the- music from a
"palco." • Inspired by the rare art of the
singers. I gazed heavenward, and then—
oh, good fortune— I saw all my Oakland
friends in the family circle. There were
the McNcars and the Goodalls and heaps
of others. And not forretting my San
Francisco frionds. I must mention the
Schmiedells and t^e Dunhams.
Some people will tell you that where you
find wealth there also will you find a
lacking of all things artistic: That als->
the opera gives me a chance to disprove.
Any artist will explain to you that the
true music lover is to be found in '.he .am
ily circle, and if you care I can mention
at least ten milionalres who took their
opera at that altitude.
A * *
I can't stop writing about the gowns I
saw on Monday night. They were all so
gorgeous ,that it will take many moons
before the subject can facie from my mind.
If Major Rathbone is to be accepted as
the oracle of that occasion Mrs. E. Avery
McCarthy was the handsomest and best
dressed woman in the house. I don't
know what the opinion of others may be.
but I am rather Inclined to accept the
dear major's ultimatum In the matter.
Mrs. McCarthy's -own was of pink— Just
the right shade of pink— and the corsage
verily glittered through meshes of the
most exquisite lace. Her wrap was an er
mine cape that hung considerably below
her waist. You know Mrs. McCarthy's
delicate blonde beauty and the chic way
In which she carries her charming little
head. Was she pretty? Well, I should
say so.
" * * *
But if Mrs. McCarthy's gown •vitas r-ret
ty, it was not pretty enough to overshad
ow the dainty attire of her sister, Helen
Wagner. Helen's gown, with hs rainbowy
tinted tulle, was a dream and beyond any
description. I>ick Tohln had Miss Wag
ner and Mrs. McCarthy as his guests
Monday, and he was quite right to be sur
passingly proud of them.
• * •
I was so smitten with the gown Mrs. W.
S. Leake wore that I am resorting to un
derhand work to find out' the name of the
lady's costumer. Such a magnificent
black and white brocade and a bodice of
white lace, the cut and style of which
made everybody within seeing distance
Addle Murphy is solns to XTashlnrt.-vn
for the winter as the iruest of her broyr-r-
In-law and sister Mr. and Mrs. Jom
Bidden. Addle will be ?adly ml3sed here,
and really T don't pop how our pirla ar^
sroinj; to manage to set married this yea
without Addle for one of their brlen - -
maids. I believe Addle Murphy ha3 pre
ceded more hrides to the altar than an>
other two belles eombired. and also -3
the proud brenker of the "hostess at *
breakfast" record. However. Mlsa Mur
phy Is to come hick to us. Just previous
to the breaking up of the social season.
and. If we will, we can crowd much er.
tertalr.inp Ir.to very Vttle time.
• • . •
The MeKInstrys are cettlnsr ready
Into thf\r rewlv completed home on !*"»
cfflp avenue, and I hav heard wh*n thev
t?ke possession M'" 3 I-™™ McKlnstrv
wll! manapp to show her friends that : he
*>*ten«1ve rharity work has not roBbel
her of her rare jrift of entertaining. It la
nuite a lone time since T saw Laura a.
any function worthy of mention. I' '*
not so Iottjt bark, though, but that I car
st!ll remember her in her pet gown for
swell entertainments — p»rf>etlv plain
black, with just one lore-stemmed Amer
ican Beauty to lend a dash of color, se
vere black is the most trying of all Rnrb*.
but Laura MrKlnsfrv hns found a way
to triumph o\-er .it. and the result she
achieves is simply stur.nlnsr.
• • •
Just before sniiir.R the McNutts aUrr<»<1
th» arrangements thoy hart r ann*»d for
th» weddim? of Mamie and TJeuter.ant
PottPr. and it was decided that th«» *ol
dler-lo'ver should meet h'3 flanr?** and h<*r
partv n* Ynkohama and that there. In th«
land o? Madam Chrysanthemum, the bind
ing words should h« pnoken. After tho
cremonv Mrs. McNutt and Ruth are to
return* home and may he everted to
rearh here about January S. With th ft
Potters back to their island home will po
Mrs Genevfeve Martin avA her brother.
Frank Ooad. and they will remain with
the newly-wed couple for several months.
That the McNutts have the Jolllest klni
of n trip out I stand ready to wager.
No one -who knows Frank Goad and Is on
to his tricks and his tlnllmlted supply of
bon mots could arjrue otherwise.
• • •
Th* very latest thlns-straiffht from th»
table* of the ultra fsshlonablffl In No*
Turk— <* to serve old Scotch whisky an-1
some fizzy mineral water, to the exclu
sion of all other drinks, at dinner.
Whisky and fizz has already been adopt
ed at swell club tables and I was at one
Informal dinner party where the men too'c
it In preference to champagne. Beside*
having the Empire City stamp I under
stand that the new beverage earns th«
approval of physicians as an aid to di
gestion.
BY SALLY SHARP.
SOCIETY : ABOUT SW
OUVILJ I! JIND JWJLLI0.NJ1IRES
1 •
afraid that there might be some injurious results from
the long dry season. In the northern valleys, San
Joaquin and Salinas particularly, the rainfall has been
exceedingly* heavy! It gives the farmers a supply of
water that will carry them for quite a while, and,
what is of more consequence, it restores the confi
dence of the farmerin the rain conditions of this State."
It is to be noted that not only was there an abun
dant rainfall in the valleys and along the Joothills, but
that snow fell in the mountains. That means a large
amount of stored waters to descend to the valleys in
streams later on. The great reservoirs of the irriga
tion districts will be well filled and the natural reser
voirs of the upper mountains will also be supplied
with water to furnish the springs that feed the rivers.
It is of course far too early to begin to "count chick
ens," but none the less the condition now prevailing
is undoubtedly full of promise. It would be impos
sible to calculate accurately the extent to which the
advancement of California was retarded by the defi
cient rainfall for several winters following immedi
ately after the great industrial depression that began
in 1893. The panic years and the dry years taken to
gether placed a heavy handicap upon the State for
seven successive years. We are now seemingly about
to begin an era of greater prosperity than ever before,
with all forces of nature and of commerce working
harmoniously to v promote our interests. Good rains
and good business with rising prices and increasing
industrial activity taken together are sure to bring
large rewards to the diligent and the thrifty. What
the. future will bring no man can forecast, but *t
present California has every reason for making ready
for a joyous Thanksgiving.
SHOULD California receive an abundant rainfall
this winter the lact should not inariyway remove
from the public mind the impressions produced
by the lessons of the dry years. Whether we have
rainy winters or. dry winters, it is equally a matter
of importance for us to devise a comprehensive sys
tem of water storage. The campaign of education
upon the issue of conserving our forests and our flood
waters should go on wibh unwavering vigor, and as
speedily as possible we should begin the work of con
servation.
At the present time we are permitting our forests
to burn and our waters to run away in floods, with
the negligence of utter barbarians. The people of old
Egypt 4000 years ago were wiser than we. The old
Peruvian Incas were wiser. The losses we suffer in
that way even in the best years are incalculable; and
what is worse the loss increases with the years, so
that what is felt as a slight evil at present impends
with a menace of ruin over the future.
Something of the extent of the injury done has
been exhibited in an address at Sacramento by the
Hon. William E. Smythe, vice president of the Cali
fornia Water and Forest Association. Comparing ths
progress made in Sacramento Valley, where little or
nothing has been done in the way of irrigation with
what has been attained in the south, he quoted statis
tics of the census just taken, and said:
"The Sacramento Valley gained as a whole a beg
garly 4 per cent on the figures of 1890, which is less
than the normal natural increase. Even that littls
gain was mostly credited to towns and cities. Four
of your ten counties showed an actual decrease; four
others gained less than a thousand each. And yet
in this imperial valley all the people of New York
and New England might find homes and ready sus
tenance from your resources! The seven counties of
the south gained 47 per cent in the same period, or
nearly five times as much. . If we leave out Sant 1
Barbara, Ventura and San Diego, and consider only
the reasonably well irrigated counties of 'Los Angeles,
Orange. San Bernardino and Riverside, we find that
the gain in the south was 67 per cent, against 4 per
cent in the Sacramento Valley."
Mr. Smythe went on to point out that we have
undertaken irrigation in an inadequate way; and as
an illustration he said: "In 1857 we enacted the dis
trict irrigation laws. We created nearly fifty districts,
which issued about $17,000,000 of bonds and disposed
o: about $10,000,000 of them. With the single execp
tion of Turlock all those districts are financial wrecks.
To landowners they have brought nothing but dis
appointment and 'hope deferred that niaketh th^
heart sick.' "
We must have a better as well as a more compre
hensive system of dealing with the problem and a
model upon which to base future action is to be found
in the plans devised by Napoleon for the redemption
of the plains of Lombardy. Under the Napoleonic
law no irrigation district could be formed "until the
expert engineers of the Government had reported that
it was feasible, that the water was available and that
the works proposed would furnish adequate protec
tion for life and property. Neither could a district is
sue bonds until the financial experts had examined the
project and calculated the relation of debt to security,
of earning capacity to fixed charges."
We need some such law as that, but the particular
form of law is a matter .of detail. The important point
is to devise and put in force a thorough system of
preserving our forests and conserving the flood wate r s
of the State. Were anything like an adequate system
of flood storage provided we would never need fear a
dry season. There is no lack of water on this side the
Sierras if we were only wise enough to make use of it.
OUR IRRIGATION INTERESTS.
THfi SAN FRANCISCO CAtl^ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1900.
MISS GEORGIAXA HOPKINS.
WHO WILL SPEND THE WIN
TER IN NEW YORK.
Photo by Taber.
To this should be added one protected
cruiser for 1901.
AN OPPORTUNITY.- Take advantage of the
round-trip steamer tickets, only $60 . during No
vember. Including fifteen days' board at Hotel
del Coronado. the Ideal lummer and winter re-
The only note of university extension that has ap
peared in our Eastern exchanges lately is the an
nouncement that Yale is to increase, the capacity of
her football crandsiands.
• •
4
TEAR.
W V ?* 3 K 1
|il 11151
2. S J o © a.2. ~.
? r Hfzl
M ! f
:g :
2 11
6 1 32
7 33
S 2S
3
3
17 1 109
1000
1901
1902 -
[003 ,....
1904
1906
3 6
2 2 S .7 12
7 3 15
4 16 S
1 2
2 1
Totals
4 I 15 I 21 I 13 I 33
TEAR.
W V ?* 3 K 1
|il 11151
2. S J o © a.2. ~.
? r Hfzl
M ! f
:g :
2 11
6 1 32
7 33
S 2S
3
3
17 1 109
1000
1901
1902 -
[003 ,....
1904
1906
3 6
2 2 S .7 12
7 3 15
4 16 S
1 2
2 1
Totals
4 I 15 I 21 I 13 I 33
We don't say it will cure it.
Sometimes it does; sometimes
it don't
Your chance is better with
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil than with anything else now
known.
Byand by thtre will be a sure
cure; it will make a big noise
in the world when it comes
We'll send you a little to try if yoa HVe ,
SCOTT & BOWNE. 409 Pearl .treet.' N«w York.
A Baltimore lady is lamenting the loss
by theft of her weddln? rln*. on th*. in-
side of which is engraved: "A. W S to
F. M. E. R. May God decree we two
agree.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and pnbllc men hr th»
Presa Clipping Bureau i Allen's>. 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main KM2. •
It Isn't work that kills a man. It's two-
ally schemlnp how he can ptjt in t£e most
time on a short Job that sap* up {be
human en«rfry.
Townsenl's California glace frtrtt*. K>o a
pound, in flre>-«tche<t boxes or Jap, bas-
kets. 633 Market. Palace Hotel buflfin*. •
Choice candles. Toarnsend'sVPalaee HottL*
AUCTION SALES.
By Emtl Cohn— This day. at 11 o'clock, millinery, at 116
Powell Ftreet.
By Suliivan & Dryle— TVe<1ne*day, Nov. 51. at 11 o'clock, at
521 Pix-th *tre«>t. Horfe? and Buggies.
By TVm. O. Laynp— Thursday evening, at 7:45. at 721-723
Hr>m-ar<1. Thor^uchbred Horsee.
AMUSEMENTS.
Oi iilieuxu— Vauderfllc.
Grar.a <">r»ra-hou*e— "La Bohrae."
A!r»rar — "'Th» Railroad of I»v«."
«~*>!vTrb;a— "Th* Arn<w."
Tlvo!i-"A Jol'.y Mosketw."
Alfcambra— "A Stranrer in Nexr Tork."
r"al!fprn'.«— Rpj-al Marine Band of Italy.
Olympia. earner Maron and Eddy rtreets — Specialties.
CTiutw. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveniRff.
Orvheum— Benefit Charity Fund Associated Theatrical Mar-
«rere. Thursday afternoon, November. 22.
F1«her"F— Vaoo>i-llle.
Tur.fpran Park— Races ttvday.
RHEUMATISM
As experience stands, the
most promising way to treat an
old settled rheumatism is: to
set up the general health.
Whatever makes health, in
other respects, is good for
rheumatism.
ATrtrFHVTTfrpyMTriKrTBiInter Nos Circle No. 215 has returned to
its old quarters in the Alcazar building
and held its first meeting, an informal
one, last week there.' Hereafter the circle
will meet every Tuesday night, and It ex
pects by this move to have the old-time
activity it had in days of yore.
Robin Hood Circle has of late taken on
a new lease of life, for its members have
been working to increase the membership.
At the meeting last week four proposi
tions were received.
There is to be an open meeting of the*
local circles in the social hall of the Alca
zar building next Tuesday night. The
members of the local courts hava been
invited to attend. The grand officers of
the Foresters of America have also been
Invited to be present and address the
meeting.* In addition there will be a mu
sical and literary programme.
Order of Fraternal Eagles.
At the last held meeting San Fran
cisco Aerie had among its visitors Ed
ward Flucard of Missoula Aerie of Mon
tana. That night there were initiated
eleven candidates, one was admitted by
card and sixteen applications were filed
This aerie has received an acknowledg
ment of $100 sent to the members of th*
order who were sufferers by the Galves
ton, storm. The aerie there suffered a
severe loss, but there is hope that it will
be placed on its fraternal feet again
The souvenir programme that will ' be
Issued by tho local aerie on the night of
the masquerade ball will be an elaborate
affair and will cost about $400.
Golden Gate Aerie initiated several can
didates at Its last held meeting and re
ceived a number of applications. ThJ*
body now meets on Wednesday nights
Watsonvllle Aerie was visited by 'State
Deputy Grand President Gus Pohlmann
last week and he found that with such
sterling officers as Dr. Rodgrers, Heni"
A. Peterson, J. W. Miller. Frank Berry
R. Delholm. E. T. Sheey, Thomas J Gaf
fey- D. T. Leddy. L. H. Davis, It J. Quinn
and A. W. Tuttle that subordinate is mak
ing rapid progress. At that meeting two
strangers were initiated.
Sacramento Aerie Is making arrange
ments for a grand ball during the ap
proaching holiday season.
Stockton Aerie is constantly increasing
Its membership and it keeps A. R, Hor
kins, the efficient secretary, very busy.
Fresno Aerie gave a smoker a few
evenings since that was so enjoyable an
affair that those who were present are
anxiously awaiting an invitation to an
other.
The hall of Aurora Lodge of the
Knights and Ladles of Honor was not
large enough November 5 to admit
all who ' wanted to" enjoy the entertain
ment provided by the lodge and to wit
ness tho weddinc of two members of the
lod;je, as had been announced. There was
presented to the members of the lodge,
all the grand officers and visitors from all
the local lodges a/ programme of mUslc,
song and literature that has never been
excelled in the history of the lodge. The
event, however, was the marriage of
Rapp and Davidson of the lodge. It was
a mock marriage and created a great deal
of merriment. The bride was a young
man attired in full bridal robes, veil and
orange blossoms, while the groom was
one of the other sex, whose disguise was
perfect. After the event refreshments
were served and there was dancing
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The hello party given by Court Yerba
Buena of the Independent Order of For
esters on the night of the 5th inst. in the
Laurel Hall of the Shlels building was a
very successful affair and it afforded a
great deal of pleasure to the many who
attended. There was a piano overture by
Professor T. d'Arcy. comic songs by J. E.
Becker, piano trio by the Misses Rose,
Julia and Kckie Sommers, vocal duet by
Mr. and Mrs. J. Hopkins, selections by a
quartet and a vocal solo by J. Hammond.
A very interesting address on the benefits
of being a Forester of the Independent
Order by M. L«. Gregg followed, after
which there was dancing 1 and the serv
ing of lemonade— which was not circus
lemonade. The success of the affair was
due to the efforts of Messrs. Gregpr, Cuth
bert and Hoffman. The court has an
other social event on the tapis for De
cember.
Independent Foresters.
The tenth party of the Eschscholtzlas
will be held in Mission Parlor Hall on the
night of Wednesday, the 21st inst. It Is
to be a strictly evening dress function and
the committee will see that it Is as select
as have been those of the past and which
have grained an enviable reputation for
those v/ho have 1 had the management of
the several functions. To receive an invi
tation to attend the Eschscholtzlas Is a
pleasure that is looked forward to by
those who are on the list of the commit
tee on Invitations.
The Eachscholtzias.
A Call reporter visited a number of the
leading bakeries late yesterday, and the
managers of the respective houses said
that the movement was satisfactory to
them. A few families had forgotten on
Saturday to take in an extra supply of
bread, but the family trade would soon
become accustomed to the new rule, the
master bakers said. The hotel and res
taurant part of tho business did not meet
with any Inconvenience, as they were sup
plied with bread late on Saturday night.
All the good 1 housewives in the future
will have to remember that now the baker
has a chance the same as other people to
attend church on a Sunday and eat at
least one dinner a week at home, and that
by ordering enough bread on Saturday to
keep the family supplied until Monday
mornlng*s breakfast they are helping a
great number of hard-working men.
Bakers in this city for several years
have had to work every day the whole
year round. In the past few months the
movement was started to allow the bakers
Sunday as a day of rest, the same as
other men skilled in trade. On Saturday
the bakers quit work at 4 o'clock in the
afternoon, and they did not resume their
labors till 4 p. m. yesterday. This gave
the men a rest of twenty-four hours, and,
as some of the men stated yesterday, they
would be able to do more wlth'thls short
respite than If they worked steadily,
without a breathing spell.
The happiest men In town yesterday
were the bakers. After months of agita
tion by the Bakers* Union they had their
first day of rest, and the married men
were able to spend a few hours at home
in the bosom of their families. The fact
that these men took a respite from their
duties for one day may sound a small
Item for the average person, but those un
acquainted with the situation can hardly
realize the amount of labor the bakers
had to undergo to accomplish their end.
New Union Rule Goes Into
Effect and Is Most
Successful.
ALL BAKERS NOW
REST ON SUNDAYS
When Policeman Ennls called at her
home yesterday with the warrant for the
boy's arrest she was very indignant and
denounced the conduct of her son-in-law
In strong terms. She gave the officer $40
to ball the boy out and said she would
appear in court in the morning and tell
/the Judge what she thought of Gauch.
After the boy had teen booked on the
charge of vagrancy Ennls took him back
to Mrs. Hauser's house.
Two weeks ago the boy left his home at
1217V£ Howard street and went to live with
Mrs. Kate Hauser. 1400 Railroad avenue.
Mrs. Hauser was the mother of Gauch's
second wife and always took an interest
in the boy William, although he was not
her daughter's child. She told tne boy
that whenever he found that he could not
bear the treatment ho was subjected to at
his home to come to her and she would
properly look after him/ She had sent him
to school and had arranged to bring the
boy up.
Policeman Ennls, one of the stalwarts of
the Potrero district, was never more un
comfortable than he was yesterday when
in the line of enforced duty he appeared
at the City Prison with a boy 14 years of
age as a prisoner. He had arrested tho
boy on a warrant charging him with va-
Krancy, and the complaining witness ¦was
the boy's father.
The boy Is William Gauch, a bright lit
tle fellow, with the appearance of being
well cared for. His father is Adam
Gauch, owner of a newspaper route.
Gauch has been married three times,
and the boy William Is the son of his first
wife. His first and second wives died and
his third wife did not take kindly to the
children of his first wife, William and
Carrie, the latter a girl now about 3 years
of age. She whipped them unnecessarily,
so the boy says, and would not wash or
get their clothes washed. "She always
used to tell me." said the boy, "to get out
of her house and go and make a living for
myeelf. My father made me get up at 3
o'clock in the mornings and- ro with him
to deliver the papers on his route, and I
got tired of it. When I complained he
used to beat me."
Peculiar Conduct of Adam
(jauch, a Newspaper
Carrier.
ACCUSES SON OF
BEING VAGRANT
Imports, $10,6S3,516; exports, $14,404,496;
customs revenues, $597,597. With the ex
ception of the production of sugar, rice,
firewood and livestock and the promotion
of Irrigation, the development of the
natural resources of the Hawaiian Islands
Is stated to have scarcely begun. Recom
mendations are submitted for legislation
thoroughly revising the Hawaiian corpor
ation laws in view of some deficiencies
and questionable features in the same and
new conditions since annexation; legisla
tion for appointment of various commis
sioners for the protection of food fishes
provision for education of children un
able to pass the required medical exam
inations; for irrigation legislation and for
a general municipal system. The report
says the present aggregate area of the
public lands is approximately 1 772 713
acres, valued at $3,569,800.
The commerce of Hawaall Is shown for
the period between January 1 and June 14,
1900, as follows:
An encouraging outlook for the Ha
waiians exists in the fact that out of
6327 owners of real estate in 1896 3995 were
pure Hawaiians and 722 part Hawaiians.
The facts are significant as showing the
ownership of homes by so large a number
of pure Hawaiians, and the evident ten
dency of the race to acquire homesteads.
The ex-President reports that there is
reason to expect that annexation Is going
to influence Hawaiian character very fa
vorably through the changed conditions
effected.' Their old dependence on their
chiefs has ceased, and they are forced to
rely more upon themselves, and their
footing with the white man In the future
will be equal. The political privileges they
enjoy in common with other American cit
izens he says, will tend to educate them
in public affairs.
The total valuation of real and personal
property In Hawaii subject to ad valorem
assessment in 1900 is $97,491,584. The re
ceipts from taxes are estimated at $1,
341.650,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— The decrease
of the Hawaiian race has been stead
ily prolnj? on for the past several
decades, especially the female popula
tion, according to the annual report of
ex-President Sanford B. Dole, Governor
of Hawaii. The increase of part Hawai
ans tends to keep down the number of the
pure Hawaiians. While the figures show
race progress, the census reports as to
surviving children arp discouraging. In
both the censuses of 1S90 and 1896 the pure
Hawaiian- percentage of survivors was
the lowest of all nationalities represented
In the Islands.
Ex-President Dole Sends
Annual Report to Wash
ington.
mil RACE
IS DYING OUT
pared an ordinance for presentation to the
Board of Supervisors -which is Intended to
provide for tho construction and control
of automatic sprinkler equipments for
building and manufacturing plants and,
the connection of the same with the pipes
and mains furnishing water to the- inhab
itants of the city. The ordinance provides
that the owner must have plans and spec
ifications for such automatic sprinklev
prepared, which shall be submitted for ap
proval to the Bureau of Buildings. The
ordinance then says:
There shall be not less than two sources of
water supply for each system of automatic fire
extinguishers which are now existing or which
shall hereafter be constructed In and upon any
one building: or any one manufacturing plant
consisting of more than one building.
Where one of the sources of the water sup
ply to any system of automatic tire extinguish
ers shall be from the pipes or mains belon^in,?
to any person, company or corporation supply
ing water to the inhabitants of the city and
county of San Francisco the connection with
such pines or mains shall be by an opening
of not less than six (6) inches Interior diameter,
except where a smaller opening Is permitted
by the said Bureau of Buildings; and such con
nection shall be made upon the demand of any
person, company or corporation which has here
tofore constructed or which shall hereafter
cr.struct any systematic fire extinguisher sys
tem with said pipes or mains, and said inJl
cator post gate valve shall be constructed un
der the direction and supervision of the said
bureau, and said indicator port gate valve shall
bo and remain In charge of and under the con
trol of the Fire Department of the city and
county of San Francisco*
Board of Public Works Submits Or
dinance to Supervisors to Compel
Equipments With Device.
The Board of Public Works has pre-
BUXLDrNGS TO HAVE
AUTOMATIC SPRINKLERS
accustomed to speak our minds out. Freedom
of speech is one of the great rights of Ameri
can liberty.
You can turn water Into a leaden pipe, you
can force steam Into a cylinder: but try to put
light Into a pipe or cylinder and see what would
happen. Tou cannot harness or drive light. It
must 6hine out a great, brilliant, luminous, un
trammeled star to guide the children of men.
I might call a long roll of American heroes
who have died to establish this right of free
speech. The right to shine if there be- a light
to shine with has become one of the basic prin
ciples of American liberty.
There be some men who speak through the
bars of authority. Such men are narrow-gauge
men on a broad-gauge track. Scholars and
preachers have always had a bard time. They
burned preachers once. They don't bum them
now. They worry them. But scholars are still
martyrs even to this day.
Such was . the case of the professors in one
well-known Eastern university who were cited
to appear in a court of Justice. Why? Be
cause they had exercised the American right of
free speech. Now I suppose you will expect
me to epeak of Professor Ross. Well, I will.
His case Is like the one of which I have epoken.
How has It happened T Because he was a man
not afraid to speak his mind out before tho
world, fearless in his knowledge that freedom
of speech was his God-given prerogative.
Mrs. Stanford held a pair of snuffers In one
hand and a candle In the other. She has used
the snuffers and to-night there is less light in
Stanford University than there was a week ago.
I don't feel sorry for Professor Ross. I don't
feel %orry for the university, but I do feel
sorry for Dr. Jordan. If the faculty of Stan
ford, Including the president, believes In snuff
ing the candle then they need pity, for they
prefer the darkness to the light.
But this Incident has raised new-bom In Cal
ifornia the spirit of liberty that breathes in
Christ's sermon on the mount. The feeling that
a peck must not be placed over any light, but
THE REV. WILLIAM RADER.
Rev. B. Fay Mills Says Stanford
May Be Deserted by Friends.
OAKLAND. Nov. IS.— The resignation
of Professor Edward A. Ross from the
faculty of Stanford University was the
text of a powerful discourse delivered this
morning by Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills at
the First Unitarian Church. The clergy
man took the position that if no more
information were obtainable upon the
causes which led to the retirement of
the eminent sociologist and appeals for a
reconsideration of the matter should fall.
Stanford University should be abandoned
by its friends. Ho said. In part:
I stand this morning in the presence of many
who6e hearts are heavy with a great sorrow,
whose minds are perplexed with serious ques
tioning, and who are either burning with In
dignation or benumbed with pain on account
of an Inexplicable blow from the hand of an
honored benefactor. We have loved Stanford
University with* great love; we have honored
its generous founders with a great honor; we
have held Its noble president and professors In
an esteem too high for words. Nowhere else In
the world do people manifest such interest In
educational Institutions as Callfornlans in their
two peerless universities.
This event is not some personal concern of
Mrs. Stanford or Professor Ross or of the In
structors and students In the university. It Is
a public affair of the deepest and farthest
reaching moral Import and importance. It has
direct relations to the State of California, to
tire United States, to the Western and East
ern worlds, to all who love truth and proirress
and to those not yet wise enough to bow at
their shrines, to our modern civilization and
the advancement of our race.
Mrs. Stanford may have erred In Judgment
and not in spirit or purpose, but this fact Is
clearly stated by all those qualified to speak
that a teacher of two of the most Important
sciences, of unquestioned character, ability and
efficiency, who is held in high favor by all the
official members of the institution of which he
Is an officer, has been dismissed from his posi
tion on account of the courteous statement of
his opinions on subjects connected with his de
partment. No excuse for the action bearing
the slightest ground In reason has been hinted
at by any of the parties concerned. It is not
an excuse to pay that this Is a nrivate insti
tution. This la not true. The streams from
this fountain flow to the ends of the earth.
Stanford University Is chartered by tho com
monwealth with great privileges, some of which
have recently been Incorporated in the constl
tional law Itself. These privileges In no prob
ability would have been granted If the accept
ance of the resignation of Professor Ross, pre
sented in June, had not been delayed until after
the recent election. But even If there were no
direct relation to the State no institution, of
learning can be a matter of private Interest
alone.
It Is no excuse to claim that the founders of
such a school may dictate Its teachings. They
may do so legally, but not morally, especially If
they write the word modern on their ban
ners, as Stanford has done pre-eminently above
all the colleges of the world. The day has gone
by when a university may be considered as an
institution for teaching dead men's ideas as
authority to the living youth. A modern uni
versity Is beyond all else to b« a discoverer of
truth. •
If adequate reconsideration. In the light of
this thunderstorm of popular Indignation Is
possible, let us welcome It. But If this Is Im
possible, and if we now possess all the infor
mation that is to be granted, then let Stanford
be deserted by Its friends and forsaken by lov
ers of liberty for the same reason for which we
gave our devotion. Let It remain as a vine that
has brought forth wild grapes, until It shall be
loyal to Its announced principles and bring
forth fruit meet for repentance.
STBONG APPEAL FOB BOSS.
that the candle, whether scientific, religious or
political, must burn brightly and give light to
all In the world, be the candle In Oxford. Ann
Arbor or Stanford.
Extraordinary Scene in the Third Congregational Church When
Rev. William Rader Concludes Sermon on the
Dismissal of Stanford Professor.
THE scene in the Third Congrre- j
national Church last night when
the Rev. William Rader con
cluded a characteristic sermon
denouncing the action of Mrs.
Stanford in forcing the resignation of
Professor Ross from the faculty of Stan
ford University was without a parallel
the church history of San Francisco.
The preacher had wrought himself and
his audience up to a pitch of excitement
rarely seen In a church. During his dls-
I course he had several times made sensa
j tio.na.1 statements, and when, with one
arm upstretched and the other pounding
| the desk before him, he brought his re
marks to a close, the congregation forgot
I all church conventions and there was a
clapping of hands until the rafters and
wulls of the sacred e<Uflce rang with the
unwonted outburst.
The congregation that gave way to this
remarkable exhibition of feeling con
tained some of the city's most promi
nent business men. In fact, the most
noteworthy fact of the occasion was the
large number of men present. The gal
lery was sombre with the masculine ele
ment, and the bright dresses of the fair
sex on the main floor was variegated
with more broadcloth than is usual at
church services. •
When the applause broke out, and
with the loud palm salutes of the men
was heard the patter of women's gloved
hands. Dr. Rader loolted in surprise* at
his flock, and then seeing that It was use
less to attempt to stay the applause turned
to the reading desk and busied himself
with putting his notes in order.
The applause started somewhere in the
back of the church and in an Instant had
spread all over the main floor. Then the
occupants of the gallery became infected
with the spirit of emulation.
The sermon which so excited the con
gregation was a denunciation of the re
cent action of the heads of Stanford
ITnlversity In expelling Professor Ross
from the institution at Palo Alto, and
was in part as follows:
Our Bavlor illustrated his sermons on the
mount with two very suggestive figures. One
v.-as when he referred to the city on the hill,
which when it is lighted up at night Is se«i
of all men. The other was when he told the
people that they should not hide a candle under
a bushel, but should set It In a candlestick,
where It might frtve light to all men.
These two figures are simple, but in them our
Savior strikes the radical principles of democ
racy. A candle has a right to shine, perhaps
it is Its only rlcht. If you are a light, shine
before men to the utmost that lies In your
power.
Now of the right to think. There has always
been a battle between the thoughts of differ
ent men. It Is a great thing that It Is so. Our
political and social atmosphere Is purified by
this clashing together of intellects. The primal
basis of Christ's conception of liberty is that
every man should have a right to think.
One of the things which we ehot Into the
country with our revolutionary bullets was the
right of free speech. We have struggled through
many years to gain and maintain this. It has
become an American right. We have become
Carey Nlcewonger, a prominent business
man of Stockton, is ajnongr the missing.
He arrived here Saturday moraine, ac
companied by his wife, and rented apart
ments at the Lick House: Saturday night
he a'nd his wife attended the opera and
returned to the hotel shortly before mid
night. After entering their apartments
Nicewonger said that he was anxious to
see a friend who was waiting: for him
in the lobby of the hotel, axe then left his
wife, after promising to return In a few
minutes. Since then he has not been seen.
As Nicewonger had considerable money In
his possession, and wore a diamond stud
valued at $200 and a costly gold watch,
his wife fears that something has hap
pened to him.
Early yesterday morning Mrs. Nice
wonger visited police Headquarters and in
voked the aid of Captain of Detectives
Seymour and his men. uiie cannot ac
count for her husband's disappearance,
except that he has fallen into the clutches
of some evil persons. .
"I cannot understand why he doe» not
return," said Mrs. Nicewonger when tell
ing her troubles to Detective McMahon at
the Hall of Justice yesterday. "He Is a
great music lover ai;d as he knows that
I am fond of opera he asked me to attend
the show at the Grand Opera House. We
arrived here Saturday from Stockton and
made preparations to attend the opera.
He seemed delighted with the show and
after leaving- the theater we went to the
Lick House, where we are sto^Dlng-. A*
we returned to the hotel he spoke to a
man, whose name Is George Allen, and
who was evidently waitinff for him. I
believe that Alien is employed tnya real
estate office contiguous to the Grand
Hotel. Carey had my opera cloak on his
arm and I asked him to take It to our
room. When I entered our apartments ft
short time afterward, the cloak was there,
but my *husband was missing'. After
waiting some time and as he did not re
turn, I hired the bellboy to search for
him. He failed to get a trace of him, and,
becoming alarmed over his absence. I no
tified the police."
Detective Charles Crockett •was detailed
to find the missing man, but beyond as
certaining that he was seen with Allen
shortly after leaving the hotel he failed
to discover his whereabouts. Mrs. Nice
wonger is distracted over the disappear
ance of her husband and fears that he
has either met with foul play or is be
ing detained against his will.
After Visiting Opera He Meets a
Friend and Since Then He
Has Not Been
Seen.
Strange Disappearance of
Carey Nicewonger of
Stockton.
POLICE SEARCH
FOR A LOST MAN
bun* declared Tung had tried to rob
him and that he etabbed htm in self de
fense. In the Btruerirle he himself was
cut. A moment later other Chinese ap
peared on the scene and thfc story was
changed ar.d the Injured men became
friends. They said that a eligfct mls
understandinp had caused the trouble
and asked that no arrests be made.
Tung was sent to the Receiving Hosp'
tal and Suns locked up in the tanks
pending an investigation. The cutting
was done with a large knife, which was
honked as evidence.
Another bloody crime was committed
in Chinatown last nisrht. Ah Tung of
whom the police know little but -who is
believed to be a 'professional burglar,
was seriously cut about the head by U>
Sung, -who resides at 10 Bartlett alley.
A\ hat caused the cutting has not yet
been dennitely ascertained. The story
toia by the Chinese immediately after
l5 1 £,V r Vi, al °i the oncers on the scene
v^as to the effect that the man who was
Injured attempted to rob Sung's house
and was cut while Urying to escape. Sung
Jl"".^ c "t slightly about the face, but
tne knife which produced his wounds has
not yet been found.
fchortiv after 10 o'clock crlep from
Sung s house attracted the attention of
Pclicenmn Pat Campion and Specials
Oreorge and James Downey and Gus
* xim - . « hen the policemen entered the
place they found both men bleeding pro
tusely and the room splattered with
blood.
Robbery Said to Have Been the Cause
of a Mysterious Cutting Af
fray on Bartlett
Alley.
Two Mongolians Engage in
a Bloody Battle in
Chinatown.
FIGHTING WITH
KNIVES IH A ROOM
PASTOR'S AUDITORS BURST
INTO TUMULTUOUS APPLAUSE
*tHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1900.
And. through her, the new baby, benefits by
using MALT-NUTRINE. the gentle tonic and
helping food-drink. It is prepared only by the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n. 8t. Louis, U.
S. A., and sold by ail druggiiU-
The New Mother
American Companions.
On the night of the 3d inst. Loreley
Circle of the Companions of the Forest
of America gave a social In the social
hall of the Alcazar that was an enjoyable
affair. There was a good programme of
modern and old-time dances and a dis
play of the hospitality for which thlB
German circle Is noted. The function
was under the direction of Mrs. LJppi,
Mrs. Pape and J. Lehmann.
Elmhurst Circle No. 4G0 was Instituted
on the evening of the 3d lnst. by Grand
Financial Secretary Miss Agnes D. Brem.
er at Elmhurst. with forty-six charter
members. She was assisted In the work
by Grand Trustees Mrs. H. Worms and
Mrs. A. Davis and Companion Jennie Bar
nett of Oakland Circle No. 3. The circle
was organized by Henry Pittock, chief
ranger of Court Elmhurst, F. of A. Sev
enteen applications were received on the
night of institution. The officers of the
new circle for the current term are: Mrs.
W. H. Hlggins Jr.. P. C. C; Mrs. Lucy
Barker, C. C; Theresa A. Goess. S. C. C;
Mrs. J. R. Faulkes. T.; Miss Alice Harris,
F. S.; Miss May E. Brown. R. S.; Miss
Lucy N. Field. R. G.: Mrs. W. W. Hoop
er, L. G.; Misa Estella C. Higglns, I. G.;
Robert Hamilton, O. G.: Mrs. Bertha J.
Clayton, organist, and Henry Pittock, J.
R. Faulkes and Mrs. Charles Meyer, trus
tees. After the work of the evening there
was an excellent banquet.
5
"Write for new catalogue of watche*. Jewelry &
silverware. Hammersmith & Field. 88 Kearny. *
SIT7 SSTTl m S500 If my Skin
[ nj$&'W* lij ° intrnent faIls
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
VORD. 175 N. eerie* st. Los An&elts. CaL
6*md 2.V; In 2c etamps to W. F. McBurney.
41R K. Ej>rln«t et.. Los Anreles. Cal.. for &
tfaye' treatment. Prepaid Jl 60. DrurKists.
FOR BALE AT
DAHLBENDER DRUG CO.. 214 Kearny St.,
AND AT
THE OWL DRUG CO.. 1128 Market *t.
BOTTLE LUntS
CMCBURNEY'S
iviuiicy cure
A thorough cure for
pains in the back,
¦ BLIGHT'S DISEASE.
female troubles, incoa-
tluenceol urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting of children, gravel, gall etoaea,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
After-Theater Refreshments.
The completeness of the arrangements
made for your entertainment In the Sup-
per Room can be estimated when It la
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are in
evidence here. Delightful music, prompt
service, moderate charges. Open every
evening (Sundays excepted) from 9:30 to
12' o'clock. Entrance from the court and
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
AMUSEMENTS,
THE RAILROAD
OF LOVE.
Next-SEVEN TWENTY EIGHT.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
MISS LILA CONVERE,
First Appearance Here of
THIS MONDAY NIGHT,
HR&ftsro
In Augustln Daly's Charming Comedy.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
AMATtUR NIGHT, THURSDAY.
CIRCUS, EDDIE MACK, NEW
MOVING PICTURES.
AQUATIC SPORfTON THE LAKE,
SHIELDS BROS., NORA BAYES,
GUS LEONARD, LITTLE ALMA,
LEONDOR BROS., HUNT'S DOG
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CHUTES and ZOO
THE SAN -FAAN?ISGQ JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Initial meeting Monday. Nov. 19, to Saturday
Dec. 1. inclusive. Six or more races each we/k
day. Six stake events, one hurdle race and
two steeplechases first two weeks. First race
of the day at 2:10 p. m. - Trains leave Third
and Townsend streets for Tanforan Park at 7
10:40. 11:30 a. m- 1, 1:30 and 2 p. m.. followed
after the last race, at Intervals of a few min-
utes, by several specials. Bear cars reserved
for ladles and their escorts. Admission to the
course, including railroad fare. $1.25.
D. LYNCH PRINGL.E. Secretary.
RALPH H. TOZER. Ratfn* Secretary*
"When Prof. Munyon says his DYSPEPSIA
CURE will cure Indigestion and all forms of
stomach trouble he simply tells the truth. It
will cure a stomach that has been abused by
over-eattnE and over-drlnklng. It will cure a
stomach that has been -weakened by old-style
drugs and debilitating: cathartics. It will do
much toward making an old stomach act like
a sound one. At al! druggists. 23 cents. Fifty-
six other cures. "Write to Broadwav and 26th
St., New York, for free medical advice.
MUNYON'S
DYSPEPSIA
CURE
Epicure's Delight I
Articles cooked with n
"Ko-Nut"
A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat for gl
Shortening and Frying 1
Absolutely Free from Animal |j
Matter. g
Bread mide with "KO-NUT" I
in place of lard is delicious and I
keeps fresh. JS
Ask Your Grocer or Write B
India* Refining Co., |
Philadelphia. |
If such a thing exists on earth
is enjoyed by owners of
Washburn
Guitars, Mandolins and
Banjos. Ask one of them;
they will tell you a Washburn
is the source of endless de-
ligkL
Send us your name and ad-
dress and we will send you a
handsome book about Wash-
burns.
kohlerT chase
Music House*
26-30 O'FARRELL ST.,
6an Francisco, Cal.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
rXEBENBAUtfi
*^& CO/*
222-224 SUTTER ST.
FREE TELEPHONE.
We have a special phone, the use
whereof our customers and friends
arc welcome to — FREE.
The enormous increase in tele-
phone orders has necessitated the in-
stallation of a new enlarged tele-
phone system in our store, and we
can guarantee to our customers a
much improved service in the future.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
Tea, 10 different kinds Ib 40c
All our high-grade We teas.
Butter, finest creamery tub Ib 25c
Regularly 27*ic
Coal Hods, galvanized Iron
15 inches, regularly S5c. Now 2So
IS inches, regularly 40o. Now 30c
Sand Soap, Stryker's 8 cakes 25c
Regularly S cakes for 25c. Indispensable
for the kitchen.
Olives, Queen, reg. 35c qt 25c
The most desirable kind.
RoyEnsalaYatol.reg.l5c tinl2ic
Piquant. Bardlnes with truffle and
pickle.
Pineapple, Bohama, Sliced can 20c
In heavy syrup. Regularly 23c.
Mushrooms, reg. 30c large can 25c
First quality— Imported.
Walnuts, "New" 15c Ib
Paper shell. Regularly 20c.
Marmalade, re?. 25c Jar 20c
"Kelller's," Dundee, Scotland.
Listerine. Lambert's hrge bot 65c
Antiseptic, disinfectant, small bot. 2Oe
Stuffed Pickles, reg. 30c Jar 25c
Manufactured in Virginia.
Sweet Wines, reg. 50c bottle. 3 bots $1
Five-year-old Fort, Sherry, Angelica,
Malaga, Tokay and Madeira,
WATCH OUR THURSDArS AD.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
t MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
TO-NTIGHT. "LA BOHEME."
Melba, Fritzl Scheff: Cremonlnl. Catnpanari.
' Glllibert, Journet.
Conductor Slg. MandnelU
To-morrow nlRbt. "DON GIOVANNI"— Nor-
dlca. Frlttl Scheff and Gadski: Ed. de Reszke.
Sall?nac. Plnl Corsi. Journet and Scottl.
Conductor Slg. Mandnelll
Wednesday.'TANXHACSER"— Gadskl, O11W-
ka and Susan Strong: Van Dyck. Blass. Bars.
Hubbenet. Muhlmann and David Blspham.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrose}»
Thursday. "ROMEO ET JULIETTE"— Mel-
ba. Bridewell. Bauermeister; Ed. de Resake.
Plancon. Bars. Size3. Glllibert and Saleza.
Conductor Sig. Manctnel!!
Friday. "GLI UGONlTTr * <Th*> TIuKuenots)
— Nordica. Olltzka. Bauermeister. Van Cauteren
and Suzanne Adams; Dlppel. Plancon. Scottl.
Bars and Ed. de Reszke.
Conductor M. Fl^n
Saturday matinee "LOHENGRIN"— Gadskl
and Schumann-Helnll; Van Dyck. Blspham.
Muhlmann and Blaas.
Conductor Mr. "Walter Damrosch
Saturday evening. "FAUST"— Melba, Bauer-
meister and Homer: Saleza, Campanarl,
Dufrlche anj Ed. de Reszke.
Conductor Slg.Mancinelll
»
Important Announcement !
FIRST AND ONLT PRESENTATION IN SAN
FRANCISCO OF
DER RING DES NIBELUNGEN,
By Richard Warner.
MONDAT EVENING. NOV. 2«th. at »:S».
First Performance of tha Cycle.
Das Bheingold.
TUESDAY EVENING. Nov. 27th. at 7:30.
Second Performance of tha Cycle.
Die "Walkuere.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. Nov. 8th. at 7:30.
Third Performance of tha Cycle,
Siegfried.
FRIDAY EVENING. Nov. JCth. at 7:30.
Final Performance of the Cycla,
Gotterdaemmerung.
ET SALE OF SEATS for the four perform-
ances will commence TUESDAY MORNINO
next at 9 o'clock and will continue ti.l
WEDNESDAY EVENING.
Sale of seats for single performaa£ea of th«
cycle and other performances of the third ar.d
last week will commence
THTTRSDAY MORNING NEXT at 9 O'CLOCK.
Prices, $2 to XT. Branch Ticket Office. Em-
porium.
WEBER PIANO USED.
A NEW COMPANY OF UP-TO-
DATE VAUDEVILLE STARS.
MAX WELDOU, STEKLTNo" ANTJ
BEVELLE, CONT>ITT AND
MOREY, BROTHEES MARTINE,
IONE MACLOUTH,
ANNA BOYD. MR. and MRS. DAN H1ATT.
DOLAIT AITD I^ENHABR, W. J.
HYNES.
R«ierved Seats. 25c; Balcony. Wo: Opera
Chalra and Box Seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday aad Sunday.
6ET IN LINE FOB YOUR TICKETS ! <
THURSDAY, Nov. 22
AT HIGH NOON.
SECOND ANNUAL BENEFIT In Aid of
CHARITY FUND
OF THE t
ASSOCIATED
THEATRICAL
MANAGERS
AT THE ORPHEUM.
Attractions From EVERT THEATER!
CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE!
MOROSCO'S— "Walter Damrosch, David Blsp-
ham. Rosa Olltzka and other arttsts from the
Maurice Grau Grand Opera Company.
COLUMBIA — Frank Daniels and leading
members of his company.
TIVOLI-Brlgrht bits from "The Jolly Mus-
keteer" and Collaxnarin!. Russo and Salassa.
CALIFORNIA— The Royal Marine Band of
Italy.
ALHAMBRA— McCoy Sisters and Sam Mar-
lon.
ORPHEUM-Th* principal stars of tha bill.
ALCAZAR — AA from "The Railroad of
Love."
CHUTES — An acrobatic novelty.
OLYMPIA— An up-to-date vaudeville feature.
PRICES (for Reserved Seats)— Entire- Ground
Floor. Including Box Seats. $2: Balcony $1.
Box Office Opens THIS MORNING at 9 o'clock.
LAST 7~NIGHTS!
J1ATINEE SATURDAY.
• Pronounced by AH Who Hava Thus Far
Witnessed It
THE GREATEST OF ALL, PRODUCTIONS!
FRANK DANIELS
And His Splendid Company. In
VICTOR HERBERTS LATEST SUCCESS
THE AMEER
Next Monday
ALICE NIELSEN !n "THE SINGING GIRL."
GIVE ME A SASSASSENFRASSA!!
GALA OPENING TO-NIGHT
COMIC OPERA~SEASON !
First Time In This City of the Enormous
Eastern Success
"A JOLLY MUSKETEER"
Written and Composed by Stangre * Edwards.
BIG DOUBLE COMPANY!
POWERFUL CHORUS!
MANY OLD FAVORITES and NEW FACES!
Evenings at *. Matinee Saturday at 3.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 3Oc
Telephone Busk 9. •• : (
KoY< L mAKlNE BAND OF ITALf.
NOW BREAKING ALL RECORDS AT THIS
POPULAR HOUSE.
LAST WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT'S PROGRAMME.
1— March. "El Capltan" (Sousa); 2— Overture.
"Martha" (Flotow): 3— Harp solo, selected. Sisr-
nor Setaro: 4— "Lollta." Spanish «erenade (Lan-
jtey); 5— "Travlata." act IV (Verdi), prelude
aria. duet. Finale, Slgnori dl Glrolamo. Ctea-
tore and t>e Tltta.
II: 6— "Fille du Reirtment." grand neli; —
tlon (Donizetti): 7— Tenor *olo, selected. SUnor
Glanntnt: S— Trumpet solo. "Lost Ch-ird" iStil-
livan). Slinor Tavani; 9— "The Singing Girl."
rantasie (Herbert*, incidental solos.
Nest Week — HAVERLBY'S MASTODON
MINSTRELS. WITH GEORGE WALTZ ME
AGAIN WILSON.
AIF ELLINGHOUSE Prop, and Manager
PHONE SOUTH 770
OUR CAPACITY LAST NIOHT
347» AND THOUSANDS TURNED AWAY.
WE ARE KEEPING OUR PROMISE
By Glvlnir a Good Show Every Week
HOYTS— FINE AND DANDY
"ASTRA' BE* H NEW YORK."
> Headed by the McCOY SISTERS and SAM
MARION.
And a Company of Comedians That Are Fvnny.
With Girls That Are Pretty and Who
Can Dance and Sins.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Evening— 15o. 2oc. 35c. 50c and 73c. Matinee—
15c. 25c. S^c and 50c.
Next Sunday Afternoon— HERRMANN, the
' Great accompanied by the Musical Wonders,
j th» &1NOSSES-5.
I ITTCrVIFR'^ CONCERT HOUaa.
Olive Vail and Frank Tuliy; Irene Franklyn •
Ouharaa. the Jap; Harry H. Walton; Helen
Stuart and Claire Fez.
RESERVED SEATS 25c MATCvES. BIINnjk »
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
§VIM, VIGO.7. VITALITY for ME*
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over" fifty
year* by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst caeea in old and young;
arising; front effects of self-
abuse, dissipation. exee««e» or
clcarette-emoklnK. Cures Lost
Manhocd. Impotency. Lost
Power. Nlpht Losses. Insctn-
r.Ia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame r.ack.
JCervcus Debility. Headache. Unfitnesi to Mar-
ry. Loes of Sc.-n»n. p-m f^ Vkricocele or Con-
ttip»t!on. Htops Ne *"> 9M rvous Twitching
r,f Eyelids. Effects JTiiJir« ar ' «m«n«<Jlate.
Impart v|*or nrd «-' E/ » T^»x>tency to every
function. Dcn't set despondent: a cure is at
hand Restores small, undeveloped orpans.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 60c a
box- C for $: to by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with *> boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
rt. Fan Kranrlsro. CaL. GRANT DRUG CO..
1-- 'and 40 Third St.
Fox
scarfs
1 - Fashion leaders In the East ara I
B wild over fox scarfs— by far the ¦
Jjjj i most popular fur garment of the H
M An Immense assortment bere at I
t| ! less than most stores pay whoie- R
B Red. Fox '. S8..1O B
B Blue Fox 8.OO H
I Sable Fox 0.50 |
i ELECTRIC SEAL CAPES.- |
gj • Electric seal looks and wears Uko ¦
H sealskin. These capes are made ¦
H.of whole skins with yoke of Per- ¦
¦ slan lamb. They are finished H
H with two sea! head^s and four M
H tails and elegantly lined with ¦
P heavy satin. m
fj 14-lnch S22.5O ?
H 16-inch 12.1.00 H
0 lS-inch ii7.r»O ¦
¦ 20-inch... 3O.OO |
a SEND FOR OUR NEW FASH- 9
P ION BOOK— FREE. , 9
I '.ll.lrie.bea I
1 B
i FOOT REST
Upholstered with
Axminster carpet;
tempered steel legs
of French design.
Country homes and flats
furnished complete.
We extend credit.
BRI LLIANT'S
338-34O-342 POST ST.
ICezr Powell. Open Evening*.
'
AMUSEMENTS.horses over the track at Tanforan either
Saturday or yesterday, notwithstanding
which the going will no doubt be heavy,
and handicappers will figure on that basis.
While being galloped at Oakland track
one day last week Fred Cook's handy
sprinter Tayon spread one of his hoofs.
Trainer Phillips thinks it will be some
time before the horse can face the starter.
day.
Trainers were not allowed to work
STARTER Dick Dwyer arrived from
Chicago last night, and e^verythin^'
is in readiness at Tanforan Park
for the bugle call sounding post
time. Owing to the limited trans
portation facilities from Oakland several
stables will be unable to participate in
the opening festivities at the San Mateo
County track this afternoon. There is no
lack of racing material, however, for.
while the fields are not large and un
wieldy, they are select and some splendid
sport may be Jooked for. The course will
undoubtedly be heavy, but this ,will not
mar the feature of the card offered, the
Opening handicap, for there ought to be
starters enough to furnish a. superb con
test. Trains are scheduled to leave the
depot' Third and Townsend streets, for
Tanforan Park at 7, 10:40, 11:30 a. m., and
1, 4:30 and 2 p. m.
Presiding Judge J. H. Pettlnglll. who
this year filled his old position of starter
at the Acueduct track .New York, will
arrive in the morning from the East and
will be in the stand when the sport be
gins.
Eddie Jones, the well-known rider, one
of the many pigskin artists to make the
English trip, !s back in California once
more. He may be seen in the saddle this
afternoon.
Jockey John Bullman seems to be of the
Industrious and saving- sort. He made ar
rangements yesterday for the purchase of
a home in Alameda. Bullman is married,
and contributes as well to the support of
his parents and several brothers and sla
ters.
Things broke very nicely for the books
on Saturday last at Oakland. "Conductor"
McManus. for whom "Dewy" Andrews Is
handling the coin, won about S1S00. Jack
Atkins had been see-sawing throughout
the meeting, finally cleaning up enough to
make him a small winner.
Joe Rose, the bookmaker, leaves New
York for California to-night.
Fred Pesch.who experienced some rough
weather booking on the Chicago tracks
the past season, cuts in at Tanforan to-
First race— St. Anthony. The Singer, Dnekoy.
Second race — Litmus. Billy Lyons. Merida.
Third race— Locochee, Gauntlet. Topmast.
Fourth race— Hildreth entry. Greenock. Mo
drine.
Fifth race— Sybaris. Pupil. Pilot.
Sixth race— Sir Kingston. Boundle*, Coming
Event.
Probable Winners.
Jockey "Bill" Martin and Otto Fenflner
put in Sunday duck shooting: on the Sui
sun marshes. Tbe pair bagged 104 of the
feathered tribe, mostly '"cans."
Following are the starters in to-dajra
events:
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds an1
upward; selline:
134S Jolly Briton UK>1 l."H2 Gllssando 1«>
Mac Flecknoe.,100 1342 Racettn 1<»
1S24 Swiftwater ....109 1K4 Formatus 1"?
391 Puekoy ir,9 \z\% Ttevathan 10")
1330 The Slnper 101 1342 St. Anthony 103
13o3 Proclamation ..10!>
Second race— Five and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling;
1325 Gr>o. Dewey 107 1 1349 Pilly Lyon«....lrt5
12<3 Lurayo 1051 Mary Alice 11>
1325 Litmus 103 1020 Rasp 103
1337 Merida 105 ArKresror 112
.... Miss Bunny. 107 1 .... Agamemnon . ...10a
Third race— One and a half miles; three-year
olds and upward; sellinc:
1343 Topmast 113 1347 I>are II 1M
1347 Dr Marks IOC 1347 Tom Calvert...liM
1338 Tappan l r « 1278 None Such 106
1327 Gauntlet 112 1351 Locochee 107
Fourth race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward. Opening; handicap:
1327 Opponent 71 12S5 Mortjrag* JW
.... Specific 104 511 Sea Lion 10a
(1343)Lavator 105 13oO Pat MorrlB9ey..l0«
.... Greenock 107 IMS Andrlsa 109
.... Prejudice 112 .... Meenanus Ill
(1323)Wooster Boy.. .114 Autumn 11+
1351 Gonfalon 117 1345 Vulcaln 11 »
(1317)Modrin» 125
Fifth race— Six furlongs: three-year-old* and
up: sellinz:
1353 Sybaris 114] 1337 Ala» 1P9
1214 I Don't Know..ll4 1320 Pupil 107
1353 Morella 104 1311 Lomond 107
1341 Whaleback ....114 131« Pilot 104
H3S Sweet Caporal..l03 1353 Montallade ....107
1327 Campus 1171
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-old*
and up; selling:
.... Graylesa 102] 1234 Urchin »
1320 Boundlee 991 1341 Silver Garter.-10?
933 Wallenstetn ... 99i 1340 Sir Kingston .. 99
1335 Doublet 105J <1341)COmlns Event.. 93
feated the Stanford team. Stanford men
then cried bitterly: "This will be our third
successive defeat." Now both colleges
are feeding themselves great quantities
of joy and hope over the misfortunes of
their rivals, and each is laying claim to
prospective victory.
The two games on the college fields, al
though fairly wan by the visiting elevens,
were In no manner a tnif tej<t of relative
strength. Mud and inaction and lack of
spirit wera the causes. When Stanford
?.nd California clash on ThankppiviriK day
they will be as different In form and mov
ing from their temporary metamorphosis
on Saturday as day ar.d nighrr. It whs a
bad day for both, an off day, and it means
nothing more. The lack of interest and
spirit is what in reality made the playing
so poor. Thanksgiving day will bring an
other story.
Form p!;:yers might as well throw the
two games of November 17 out of the
reckoning when fiRTirinf? on the Thanks
giving match. The relative strength of
California and Stanford are the same to
day as they were a week ago. Stanford
is ready for the finishing touches — Cali
fornia is still in the throes of team forma
tion.
NEVER before 'has the intercol
k-giate football situation been
such a puzrler to unravel and
master. That is what the expert
says, and he will keep a-guesslng
until the big Thanksgiving game cf 1000
is added to the list of the nine preceding
battles.
The defeats of California by Oregon and
Stanford hy Nevada has had a lugubrious
effect upon both California universities.
Berkeley and Palo Alto are in mourning
over a pair of deaths. Yet. singularly
enough, each university shouts for joy
¦when it contemplates the disaster of the
other. The conditions are. to say the
k-ast, unique a.t this stage of the season,
ten days before the annual intercollegiate
struggle.
At Berkeley on Saturday last, when the
Oregon-Caiifornia e^hxti vat finished, not
a codlegian would have given two cents
for his team's chances with Stanford.
They had not heard of the Stanford game
at that time. Tfce Identical conditions ob
tained at Palo Alto when Nevada de-
Each Wins a Game By Heavy Stick Work.
Knell Proved an Easy Target for Millers.
READY FOR POST CALL
AT TANFORAN TO-DAY
Starter "Dick" Dwyer Is Here.
»-
MILLERS AND LOCALS PLAY
VERY ERRATIC BASEBALL
Many Varying Explanations
Offered by Experts.
FOOTBALL SITUATION
NOW A CHINESE PUZZLE
OFFERINGS OF A SUNDAY ON THE FIELD OF SPORT
The second game, between Companies C
and N. was very close. Company C win
ning by a score of 15 to 14.
Two exciting games of baseball were
played at the Sixteenth and Folsom street
grounds yesterday between the teams of
the League of the Cross Cadets Baseball
League. The first" game, between Com
panies D and I, was won by D by a score
of 16 to 6.
Other Games.
team, held the Millers down to eight hits,
the only bunch being made up in the last
inning. The score:
BAN FRANCISCO. J
„ \ : C'J AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
BrockhofT. e. f 6 1 2 0 3 1 0
Hilderbrand, r. f.... 4 1 1 0 2 10
Krug, e. s 4 2 2 0 2 11
Fabst, 3 b 6 1 4 1 12 1 0
Schwartz, 2 b 6 0 10 4 2 0
Sullivan, c 6 0 0 0 2 0 0
Levy. 1. f 4 1.1 0 0 0 0
Keillr, 3 b "5 0 2 0 2 2 1
Fitzpatrick, p 6 12 0 0 5 0
Totals 43 7 15 1 27 13 "l
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McCarthy, 1. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
McGucken, a f 6 0 2 0 4 0 0
Moore, 3 b 4 0 0 0 2 6 0
Streib. 1 b 4 0 0 0 10 ~0 0
McHale, r. f... 3 1 0 1 1 0 0
Graham, c 4 12 0 2 0 0
Babbitt, s. s 3 .0 10 2 3 1
Courtney, 2 b.. ....... 4 0 10 6 10
Johnson, p 4 11 0 0 2 0
Totals 35 3 8 1 27 12 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 006010 00—7
Base Hits '0 2 2 6 112 2 0—15
Stockton 00010100 1 — 3
Base Hits 1 0020200 3—8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Fitzpatrick 3, Johnson 1.
Two-basr> hits— Pabst 2, Fitzpatrick 2, Hilder
brand. Krug 2. Johnson. First base on errors —
San Francisco 1, Stockton 2. First base on
called balls— San Francsco 2, Stockton 3. : Left
on ba«ies— San Francisco 10, Stockton 9. Struck
(nit— By Fitzpatrick 2. by Johnson 1. Hit by
pitcher— Krug. McCarthy, Babbitt. Double
play — Schwartz to Pabst. Pa&sed ball—Sul
livan. Time of game — One hour and forty min
utes. Umpire— J. McDonald. ¦ Official scorer^-
II. S. McFarlin. _,
Nomadic, from Liverpool.
Sailed Nov 13-Stmr Stata of Nebraska, for
Glasgow.
BOSTON— Arrived Not 13— 8tmr Cltonia.
from Liverpool.
GIBRALTAR-Passed Nov lS-Stmr Hetperta.
from New York, for Genoa.
QITEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov lS-Stmr Cara
pania. from Liverpool, for N>w Torlt
STOCKTON. Nov. IS.— Following ar»
the results of the Pacific Coursing Club,
stake at Ooodwater Grove to-day:
First round— Cascade beat Kerry Boy. Low
Shake beat Wild Lassie. Expense beat Forget
Me Not. Joker beat Waterloo GlrL Hanover
beat Miss Manila. Hazel L beat Swedish, Gal
lant beat St. Oran, Fair Glen beat Prince of
Fashion. Raceaway beat Winning Ways. Erin's
Hipe beat Sarah Gold. Jolly Rover beat Shoot
over. Martha Washington beat Magnesia. D-lla
M beat Tony Gold. Scotch Reel beat Bounding
F.elle, Darkey beat John Collins. Tap Out beat
Leah, Hard Lines beat Lady Peach. Los Ang
eles beat Cash In. Black Chief beat Black
Annie. Thunderboldt beat Amo, Ironwooa beat
>v lid Oats.
Second round— Cascade- beat Low Shake
Joker beat Expense. Gallant beat Hanovrr'
Hnxel L beat Fair Glen. Erin's Hop« bea*
Raceaway . Martha Washington beat Jollv
Rover. Scotch Reel beat Delia M. Tap Out beat
Darkey. Hard Lines beat Los Angela?. Thun
derb. ldt beat Black Chief, Ironw.^od a bye
Third round— Cascade beat Joker. Gflllart
beat Hazel L. Martha Washington beat Erin*
Hcpo. Stctca Reel beat Tap Ou\ Hard Lines
beat Ircn^ood. Thunderholdt a by*.
Fourth round— Cascade beat Gallant. Scotch
Revl beat Martha Washington. Thunderboldt
beat liard Lines.
c F l rt^ « rc^ TWl "T Tnwnderboldt b«at Caacada.
Scotch Reel a bye.
r-ccUlinc course— Scotch Reel beat Thundtr
boldt.
Coursing at Stockton.
J. K. Hosklng's youngster, King Cash
ier, beat the fast Crawford Rex in clever
style, though the odds were 5 to 1 against
him. Judging from his good work, the
new courser will show the way to many
of the fast ones this winter. Fiery Face
and Olita gave a pretty exhibition in the
third round. They ran like a double team
in and out in pursuit of a hard jack, and
until the flag was raised the spectators
would not hazard an opinion of the out
come. Fiery Face won, but was put out
In the next round by Brutus. Luck was
against the Pasha Kennels' entry. In the
second round she was forced to run three
courses with Silver Cloud before getting
a decision. The first jack beat his fast
pursuers and was so speedy that they
could not score. On the second the hounds
broke even at 3 points. In the run-off
Fiery Face wag favored and got the kill,
winning by a score of 4 to L
The dayLs results with Judge John
Grace's official scores follow:
Oren stake, second round— P. Jackson's Gold
en Russet beat J. Carroll's Auckland, 4-0; J.
Carroll's Master Claire beat Curtis & Sons'
Shadow, 6-0; George Xethercott's Floodgate, a
bye: J. .Hosking's King Cashier beat R. E. de
B. Lopez' Crawford Rex, 12-8; R. E.- de B.
Lopez's Weribee beat Russell & Allen's First
Foot, 4-3; Curtis & Sons' Cash beat J. E. Hur
ley's O K Capitol, 3-2; James Sheridan's Forest
King beat J. Dean's Slsquoc. 21-11; J. Maher's
Emma M beat J. H. W. Muller's Cruiser. 16-3:
Sterle & Knowles' Ollta beat J. Seggerson's
Gold Hill. 5-0; Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face beat
C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud. 4-1; J. P.
Thrift's Brutus beat H. Lynch's Game Cock. I
5-0; L. F. Bartels" Best Bargain beat R. L.
Taylor's Mose. 6-1: P. J. Reilly's Royal Union <
beat H. A. Deckelman's Master Rocket. 6-4; :
Pasha Kennels' May Hemstead beat J. Kee
nan's Sleigh Bells. 7-3; Russell & Allen's Cast
away beat J. Hurley's Hurricane, 22-0; A.
Buker's Kanaka beat Aeneld Kennels' Aethra,
4-0; II. A. Deckolman's Belle Rocket beat F.
Jones' Tern Hurlick, 3-2: Pasha Kennels'. Rude
Awakening beat Sterl & 'Knowles" For Glory.
5-0; Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter beat
Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas. 4-3; T. W. Bartels'
Mac's Melody beat Russell * Allen's Faithful
Lad, 4-0; P. J. Reilly's Honesty beat F. A.
Golden Russet and Bad Boy got well
along in the stake by good clever work.
Jtudo Awakening 1 and Liberator looked
iike winners for a while, but were put out
by the favor of the hare against them.
F. Jones' Wedgewood, the litter brother
of Harlean Gladys and Lovina, the win
rer and runner-up respectively of the
Futurity, romped through the big open
stake at Union Park yesterday, beating
J. B. Thrift's Brutus in the deciding
course In quick order. Previous work cut
but little figure, Qrutus having had 71
seconds of running throughout the stake
and Wedgewood but 92. Both dogs had
made their courses short and snappy and
were comparatively fresh. A heavy play
was made on the event, the winner a fa
vorite for a time, but generally at even
money. Brutus has been a contestant in
the final of many stakes, so many in
fact that the talent felt that he was due
for a bracket, but Wedgewood never let
him score.
McComb's Frosty Morn, 10-S; Russell A Allen's
Bells Claire beat H. Lynch' a Lyddite. 4-1;
George Whitney's Theron beat R- L. Taylor's
Beauty Spot. 7-6; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy
beat Russell & Allen's Victor Boy, «-3; F. A.
McComb'9 Little Sister beat D. J. Healey's
Urania, 10-6: George S barman's Chicago Boy
beat Sterl & Know lea' Amarosa, 16-5; B. Su
va' 3 Re-Annex beat F. A. McComb's Crawford
La»9, 11-9; Russell & Allen's Talk to Me beat
Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete. 7-2; F. Jones'
VYed»«wood beat D. J. Healey's Lady Claire.
4-0; F. Jones' Lovina beat Captain Cane's
Greenhall, 4-2: George Sharman's Bowery Boy
beat P. J. Rellly's Moonbrlght. 4-3; P. Doyle's
Liberator beat George Sharrr.an's Blade
Flush. 9-8.
Third round— Golden Russet beat Master
Claire. 3-0; Floodgate beat King Cashter. 8-5;
Cash beat Weribee. 5-2; Forest King beat
Emma M. 4-2; Fiery Face beat Ollta. 14-8;
Brutus beat Best Bargain, 4-0; Royal Union
beat May Hempstead, 3-2; Castaway beat Ka
naka, 11-7; Rude Awakening beat Belle Rocket.
11-4; Mac's Melody beat Golden Garter, 5-1:
Relle Claire beat Honesty. 5-0; Bad Boy beat
Theron. 4-0; Chicago Boy beat Little Slater.
3-0; Talk to Me beat Re-Annex. 13-11; WedKe
wood beat Bowery BomiS-O: Lovina beat Liber
ator. 3-1. *
Fourth round— Golden Russet beat Floodgate.
5-0: Forest Kins beat Cash. 8-4: Brutus beat
Fiery Face. 6-1; Royal Union beat Castaway.
8-1: Mac's Melody beat Rude Awakening. 4-1:
Bad Boy beat Belle Claire. 14-6; WedgewooJ
b*at Chicago Boy. 5-0; Lovina beat Talk to
Me. 7-2.
Fifth round — Golden Russet beat Forest Ktnjr.
6-0; Brutus beat Royal Union. 3-1: Wedgewood
beat Mac's Melody. 7-5; Bad Boy beat
Lovina. 4-1.
Sixth round — Brusus beat Golden Russet. 8-0;
Wedgewood beat Bad Boy. 5-0. •
Deciding course — Wedgewood beat Brutns. 4-0.
WEDGEWOOD RUNS FIRST
IN UNION PARK STAKE
Frank Jones, a teamster, went into a sa
loon at Polk and Pacifio- streets early yes
terday morning. He was in an' ugly
Jones on the Rampage.
Many Pass the Sabbath at the
Park, Cliff, Chutes and Sutro
Baths.
Though the weather was too busy to
be pleasant, the fact that the sun was
shining led many to desert thc.r fireside?
yesterday and pass the day at the park,
cliff or other places of recreation and en
joyment. There were no accidents either
in the park or at the beach renorted dur
ing the day.
Henrie Maurice Cannon, who weighs be
tween a quarter and half a ton. is the
feature of . the Chutes' bill this week.
Cannon displays his grace in poses plas
tlque. His poses are curtailed somewhat,
however, that serious results may not
come to the underpinning of the stage.
The results of the aquatic contests at
Sutro Baths were as follows:
Fifty-yard dash— G. Eunburg first, S. Heina
second.
Swimming under water — H. Michaels ' first,
T. Ryan second.
Tub race — T. Aug^istes first, O. Sunburn,
second.
100-yard race— J. Johnson flret, Charles Lin
coln spcond.
Sprlns-board diving — W. Sorrow first, P.
DanRreen second.
High diving— Thomas Ryan first, R. Janes
second.
CHILLY WEATHER FAILS
TO REDUCE THE CROWDS
ceived the odds of H-1S and won all of
the scratch games, but lost the handicap
ones. Smith and Code won the flret set,
6-4. The ppcortd set was won by Collier
snd Crowell. 6-3. The third set was won
by Collier and "Crowell, who took the t»et,
match and cups, 6-4.
The cups have teen won by six different
teams and must be won five times to b«
oome exclusive property. It will take at
least a year to decide the ownership.
In the second round Smith and Code
gave odds of 30 to Lane and Reid. The
lormer team won the match, score 2-6,
fe-6, €-2.
Collier and Crowell then took on W.
Etauf and R. Whitney, allowing them H
15. Co'.lier and Crowell won. €-5. 6-3. This
brought Smith and Code and Crowell and
Collier in the finals. Smith and Code re-
Harold Crowell and W. B. Collier Jr.
won the Davis cups yesterday in the dou
ble handicap tournament by defeating
Grant Smith and J. A. Code !n the finals.
Seven teams entered and no matches went
by default.
The first match was between Harry N.
Stetson and James Bishop and Grant
Smith and J. A. Code. Smith and Code
allowed Stetson and Bishop ',£-30 and beat
them 7-5. 4-6. 6-0.
Paul Jones and John O'Brien, late wln
r.ere of the Davis cups, allowed Dr Lane
and Robert Reid V*>-30 and to ttie surprise
of all were defeated 6-2. 8-«.
Collier and Crowell gave R. Erskln« and
Charles Kuc-hn isO and defeated them 6-3,
t-6.
Defeat Code and Grant Smith in the
Finals of the Tourna
ment.
CEOWELL AND COLLIER
WIN THE DAVIS CTJPS
Doctors, Nurses and Hospital Corps
Men Are Ready for Longer
Tour of Duty. >
The acting assistant surgeons and fe
male nurses who returned on the trans
port Lopan will remain In the eervice,
with the exception of Drs. C. W. Fry and
A. P. Fitzsimmons, Acting Assistant Sur
geons McAdory, J. K.* Stockard and F.
McCullom, who will return on the first
available transports. Acting Assistant
Surgeon Stoney has been assigned to the
Aztec and Acting Assistant Surgeons
Treuholtz and Schlageter are ordered to
the Meade. v
Of the hospital corps men who returned
nine have been ordered to the hospital for
treatment and seventeen to Fort McDow
ell awaiting transportation. In the future
the funerals of deceased soldiers will not
pa-«s the general hospital, but will make
a detour, as the sight has a depressing ef
fect on the patients.
Two of the Logan's passengers died last
night at the general hospital 3. few hourB
after their arrival. They were Privates
Willis N. Beardsley and Arthur A. Stuck
of. the Forty-first Infantry.
Captain J. A. Perry of the Thirteenth
Infantry has been relieved from duty at
the Presidio, and will remain in this city
awaiting action on his application for re
tirement.
Leave of absence for one month on sur
geon's certificate of disability has been
f ranted Acting Assistant Surgeon William
\ Banta.
Charles Nelson, the thieving colored
trooper who narrowly escaped lynching at
the hands of the comrades, he robbed, was
convicted yesterday by a court-martial
and sentenced to confinement at hard la
bor at Alcatraz.
MEDICAL STAFF OF THE
LOGAN WILL RETURN
AFTER attaching the morning
game to their credit the Hanxmen
went to pieces yesterday after
noon at Recreation grounds.
When the nine dreary innings
were finished the score read Stockton 12.
San Francisco 2. Not until the ninth,
with two men inside the tombs, did tiie
locals send a player over the rubber.
The game started with Iburg doing slab
stunts for Frisco, but as a few hits were
bunched on his delivery, Hank took him
out of the box in the third inning and
put Knell in his place. Something hap
pened to Knell soon after — In the sixth
Inning, when the fanatics were treated
to iridescent and spectacular fireworks.
Six good, fulsome hits and seven runs
were what Mr. Knell was responsible for
In a single round. Up to that stage of
the game Stockton had amassed four
runs. Then Knell became so easy to th9
Slough City batsmen that even a blind
man could pee by their faces that they
were ashamed to take all kinds of "bag
gers" thrust at them. And it all happened
with two men out. Graham, Babbitt, Mc-
Carthy, McGucken, Mocre, Streib and Mc-
Hale found the ball for long drives.
Graham finally retired his Bide by an easy
fly which could not be crrored.
In this same inning, the sixth. San
Francisco had a glowing chance to do
something but failed in signal fashion.
Krug, Pabst and Schwartz crowded the
bags. Not a man had died, but Sullivan
soon started a cemetery for his team. He
fanned thrice. Then Levy flew to Mc-
Hale and Krug was caught at the plaio
on the throw-in. Thus did Hank's chances
In the ninth Frisco astonished every
body by blotting out the whitewash.
Knell made first on a Stockton error, and.
helped along by Brockhoff'a hit. scored
on Hlldebrand's three-bagger. Brookhoff
did likewise. Harper was a puzzler to
Frisco yesterday and his team gave him
excellent eport. The score:
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Brockhoff. C. f. 6 110 3 0 0
Hilderbrand, r. f....4 0 1 0 0 2 1
Krug, s. b 4 0 2 0 3 3 1
Pabst. 1 b t.O 0 0 10 0 0
Schwartz, 2 b 2 0 8 0 1 3 2
Sullivan, c 3 0 0 0 2 2 1
Levy, 1. t 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Rpilly, 3 b 4 0 10 4 2 0
Iburx, p 0 0 0 0 0 8 0
Knell, p 3 110 10 0
STOCKTON.
Totals 31 2 6 0 24 15 6
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 1. f 4 110 3 0 0
McGucken. c t 4 2 3 1 2 0 0
Moore, 3 b 4 2 2 0 2 1 0
Streib, 1 b 6 1 3 1 12 J 1
McHale, r. f 5 2 2 0 2 10
Graham, c 4 110 4 10
Eubbitt. a. s 5 2 3 0 0 2 0
Courtney, 2 b 3 0 0 0 1 6. 0
Harper, p 3 10 0 13 0
Totals 37 12 15 2 27 15 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 00000000 2 — 2
Base Hits 000021012—7
Stockton 0 0 12 17 0 1 *— 13
Base Hits 10 2 2 2 6 0 2 »-15
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Ibur^ 1. Knell 6.' Three
bese hits— Babbitt, McHale. Hilderbrand. Two
base hits— Hetily. Krus. McCarthy, McGucken,
Streib. Sacrifice hits— Graham, Levy, Courtney.
First base on errors— San Francisco 1, Stock
ton 3. First bas>e on called balls — San Fran
cisco fi. Stockton 4. Left on bases— San Fran
cisco 9, Stockton 7. Struck out— By Iburg 1, by
Knell 1, by Harper 2. Hit by pitcher— Pabst.
Double piny— McHale to Graham. Balk-
Knell. Time of game— Two hours. Umpire
—James McDonald. Official scorer — J. \ W.
Stapleton.
MORNING GAME.
San Francisco 7, Stockton 3.
Just because Younger Johnson, the notsy
man, was so ridiculously bad as a twirler
on the Oakland prounds yesterday morn
inp. Frisco punished Stockton by taking
a game that was nothing if not stick
noisy. Johnson went the way of the lost
in the second inning, but nothing: disas
trous happened to»hls deliverv until the
fourth, when six runs on five hits clinched
the game for the Hanxmen. JoTinson Mad
the best support all through the game,
but his arm work wa& so easy that the
local stickers reeled off two-baggers and
singles by the hundied miles. Fitzpat
rick, who was on the slab for the local
, Yards ,
200 300 £00
Lieutenant C. C. Cobatt.f is n ig
Serppant J. C. Hanson 10 7 17
A. W. Blakeley 15 15 19
i^. J. Grimes 20 16 17
H. P. Johansen 19 14 6
W. Xordhund 21 ]9 19
A. F. Flck 16 16 15
L. L. Paiep ]3 U 0
C. H. Sullivan 17 7 2
H. F. Downer 11 3 2
F. C. Harvey 13 0 11
E. Brandt K 15 6
J. H. Gunter 14 4 6
A. H. Abbott 17 9 6'
E. Larkin 19 7 3
R. B. Morrill 20 16 15
A. J. Coelho 7 « 7
H. W. Davis 15 i$ 20
E. L. Schmidt IS 13 3
A. C. F. Kohrbacher 19 15 »
"U*. M. Rohrbacher 14 10 0
W. J. Garibaldi 17 18 14
J. L. Clark 17 12 11
C. R. Schafer 8 6 S^
A. F. Hanson 21 22 15
M M. Holloran 11 6 0
W. G. I>eonard 19 20 21
J. Haumtrartner 16 12 15
H. V. Bray 17 4 15
F. Legrio 10 0 0
J. E. Winchester 4 0 S
Company E. First Regiment. .N. G. C. State
fhoot:
, Yards 1
200 300 500
J. H. Murphy 17 15 16
Ed. Flnnegran 17 16 16
Major-elfot W. R. Robertson 21 19 21
Lieutenant J. H. Jordan 19 18 18
T. 1. 17 14 14
H. Llemstayer 18 14 10
E. En!& 17 17 13
J. E. Walsh 19 17 17
Lieutenant W. E. Weheer 19 IS 20
J. J. Durkin 19 IS 18
Troop A. Cavalry, X. G. C. State shoot for
decoration*— Captain C. Janson 33, Lieutenant
C. A. Pierre 40. Lieutenant C. F. Wells 30.
Lieutenant E. H. Carr 27. Serffeant R. C.
Greenir.(fer 37, Eer^eant J. P- E- Sparr 38. Ser
jeant <". S. Tate 32, Sergeant H. B. Tayler 3o,
Corporal H. Bayes 23, Corporal Q. H. Rid
dock 30, J. Friti 27, L. Gottschalk 31, J. Heinz
42. Holtby 25, W. Hugjrlns 24, E. W. Jenson 35,
Corporal P. F. Schmidt 29, Corporal A. M.
Smith 21. Corporal P. Raine 24, Corporal H.
Puckha!>cr 33 John Murray 29, F. F. Engle 42,
Anderson 32, Blake 38. Rader 25, Croes 27, T.
Carlin 20. J. Dan«ri 2S, H. L. Detrick 31, G. J.
Drew 33. T. P. Fitzpatrick 24.
In the State shoot of Company F. Fi»st
Regiment. X. G. C. Sergeant \V. Xor
huad proved himself a marksman, his
scores at the 200. 300 and 500 yjira mark
being respectively 21, 19, 19— very satisfac
tory score.
Tbf State shoot of (/ompany E proved
tlit- ability of Major-elect \V. R. Robert
5on to draw a bead, his score at the three
targets being 21. 19, 21.
Troop A, Cavalry. N, G. C. had a State
*hoot for decorations, the laurels falling
to Lieutenant C. A. Pierre, who made 4J
in a clever manner.
Scores In detail were as follows;
Company F, Fifth Regiment, N. G. C, State
shoot:
attendance was very large and some
good scoros were made.
At Shell Mound Park.
Shell Mound Park— Bullets were sent at
the Shell Mound targets yesterday by
three militia companies. The number in
BAN RAFAEL, Nov. lS.-Schuetzen
Park was to-day crowded with ambitious
ehooters. In addition to the regular events
a turkey shoot was on the programing.
Adam Brehm, the proprietor of the park,
secured a carload of turkeys which he
donated to the men behind the guns.
Adam also had a. crate of small pigs and
the ¦worst shots walked off with a squeal
ing "porker." Utschig and Peach each
got a pig.
Shooting on the San Francisco Grutli
ranges resulted as follower
F"ir« prise. A. von Wyl; second prlr*. Charles
Gut: third rrize, T. Burjer; fourth prlie, A.
Etuder; fifth prize. J. Backmann; sixth prite,
O. Tindorf; seventh prize, Th. Tiramen; eighth
j>ri«\ L. liuiKr.
Medal shoot — Champion claw=. A. G*hret 4X6:
first champion class, A. Studer 4C«; *«^ond class.
L. Hauler; third class, T. Furrer 325. A. von
W\l wen the GUndemann medal in th'.s club
to-day.
The bulls^ye ehoot of the San Francisco Turn
ers resulted a* follows: C Wilson 335. J. Staub
«M. <i. Tammeyer ZZ1. Captain Attinser 564, O.
Kurrr.eister 627. C. 74S, R. Finking
1043. F. Kommer 1«72, F. Klatzl 2914, A.
Srhrumpf ;«13. C. Teach 212S, H. Enge TXtt. A.
I'tpchig CS0.
I>rum corps— "W. Staub SI. Ben Jonas 421. K.
Kruevkfl V Tl. '
The following fhet for turker»: H. Brown
C3, A. I'tfchig €2, W. (Jlindemann Cl, H. Enge
r.9, C. Nrilscn I'J. R. Langer 58. J. Tammeyer
47. P. Jaeoby 56, O. Burnieister 54. R. Kinking
i>4. < '. S3. Lieutenant Str»ub 52. L.
Liurip El. F. Bchrumpf 50. Drum corps— Ben
Jonas cr, \Y. giaub 44. F. Feokl^nbure 20, W.
Fcliaumlcffi* 13, F. BchaumlefTet IS, W.
20. G. Krueckel 2b. F. Krueckel 80.
Tips weie won by C. Peach and A. ftpchlg.
The hullseye shoot in the California
Schuetztn Club section brought forth
pome pood Fhooting, F. p. Schuster car
rying off the honors. The scores were as
follows:
F. E. Mason 5»«. F. Brandt S76. D. D. Faktor
CJ. O. Uremer 957, A. Strieker .'.SI, John Back
man C7. J. Janes 1273, F. D. Smith 1165, A.
Branr.ir.K lO. R. Finking M0. M. Reubo'.d 5*9.
A. Bruss SOS. F. P. 6chuster 103, A. Hampel
t:4, C. Teach 1«99. R. Stettin 1K9. J. C lick- I
inarm 1667, L Haacke £77, Philo Jaeoby 1766.
A. Reulx.id 16S7. A. Utschlg 1»8. R. ijir.V^ 44», I
A. Juiigblut 4SS, C. Thi^rbach 1237. L.. Bendrl
K& A. Bertleson T65. L. Kultmann 614, E.
Woenne 21S. A. G^hret 362. John Horstman 831.
P. firurnotti 4P2. T. J. Carroll 766. C Sac'horn
850. J. L. UtsrhiK SSJ. H. Eagle »7J
Th" t><»5t ten-ehot medal scores for the year
Dp to I<er*-mbor. IW), at* &• follows: Firot
champion ci%nf— A. Strecker 2245. F. E. Mason
2J»3. F. P. Sjhuster 21S4. Second champion
daw- D. B. Faktor 2151, Otto Bremer 2137.
<"aftain K. A. Kuhls. First class— C. M. Hen
dr-rson Jir,4. H. Efkmann 1S48. Second class— A.
Gfhxet :n»i. C. J. Walden 2CS5. O. Tammeyer
2032. Captain F. Attingrer 2024. K. Stettin. Third
clans— F. A. Schrumpf 19GS, J. C. Waller 1S9S, R.
Lancer 1*74. C. H. Sacehom 1840. Fourth clans
-\Y. Nolden ISt, Dr. M. H. Alklns 160€. J. T.
Peck 1K4. Cadet claan— W. Woenr.e 9tl.
RIFLEMEN AT TWO PARKS
SHOOT FOR MANY PRIZES
J. Riordon and J. Collins 21 18 21 20
J. V/htte- and R. Murphy 19 21 15 21
Each side won two games, and on ac
count of darkness the final was postponed
until next Sunday.
P. Hutchlnson and J. McCarthy 21 21 21
P. Kelly and J. Hughes 17 20 19
A. McVIcker and W. Hassell... 21 21 - IS . 14 21
R. Hausman and W,. Stapff 11 15 21 21 17
H. J. Rogers and D. Cook.... 21 21 21
E. Hammer and E. Thomas 19 13 18
H. H. Lissner and J. J. Kav
anaugh 21 21 17 19 21
E. J. Murphy and R. Long
abach 12 14 21 21 20
W. Keating and R. Hogan... 21 21 21
J. Kennedy and C. Raper 19 13 20
T. Serres and J. Broyer 21 12 21 21
\\. Johnson and G. Green 18 21 17 20
J. McNamara and W. Cummlngs 21 16 21
J. Manning and T. Finn... 18 21 19
W. F. Brown and C. E. Lipp... 21 21 13 13 21
Is. Polidon and J. Fitzpatrlck.. 13 18 21 21 15
The following handball games were
played yesterday at San Francisco courts:
E. Barry and J. Foley 2t 21 21
D. Ryan and P. Talo 12 20 17
Handball Games.
mood, and commenced quarreling with the
bartender. He pulled a revolver out of
his pocket and threatened to clean out
the place. Jones was arrested by Police
men Hutchings and Rlley and booked at
the City Prison on charges of carrying a
concealed weapon and disturbing the
peace.
At Harbor View Park yesterday the Co
lumbia Pistol and Rifle Club held its reg
ular shoot. George W. Hoadley led the
pistol experts and Paul Becker led with
the 22 rifle. -
A. H. Pape led in the military and
Young in the rifle contest and C. M. Daiss
in the revolver events.
Scores, all comers' matches, on Columbia tar
get:
Military match, Creedmoor count, 200 yards—
A. H. Pape, 48. 47. 46, 46, 43, 45; F. O. Young
47, 47 47, 47. 46, 45, 45, 45; P. Becker, 44 44; E
A. Allen. 3a. ' '
Rifle match— F. O. Young, CO, 62; G. Mannel.
69, 74, 76.
Pistol match, 60 yards— George W. Hoadley
43. 45, 52. 60; C. M. Daiss, 43, 45, RO, 62- Dr J
F. Twist, 50, 64, 55, 56, 65, 66, 68, 68- F* s'
Washburn, E4; P. Becker, 57; O. Ma Barley, 53*
Twist revolver medal— C M. Daiss. 51 60 68
69; F. O. Young. 56. 66, 62. 69. . . . ~.
22-rifie. 50 yards— P. Becker, 19, 24, 24 25 25
28; A. B. Dorrell 21, 22, 24, 24. 26, 27 28 : Dr j'
F. Twist. 30, SI. 32; E. A. Allen, 35. ' "
Rifle record score 50 yards— Mr. Griffin 39 55
47. Becker took the lead from Dr. Twist lti
22-rifle and G. W. Hoadley took the lead from
Becker with, the pistol. Dr. Twist only six
points behind Becker and ten points from Hoad
ley. Pape worked up to within five, points of
Young on the military match.
Hoadley and Beckei Make Good
Scores That Surprise
Experts.
COLUMBIA CLUB HOLDS
REGULAR PRIZE SHOOT
OCKAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov IS— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg: stmr New Tork. from South
ampton; etmr Umbrla, from Liverpool; stmr
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 19— Br
ship Luclpara, from Antwerp.
Sunday. November 13.
Stmr Iao.ua, Pash.
DOMESTIC PORT.
SAILED.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. November IS.
Stmr Cleone. Miller. 27 hours from Eureka.
Br ship Port Stanley, Williams, 152 days
from Antwerp-
Schr Webfoot, Mercer, 10 days from Wtllapa
Harbor.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
fr«« P tS l6 o 3 ro and several other Australian
Bh a ?v«fT red packed ta th « 8h «d
ueu Dark of tha t«* i»j»
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
; Times and Heights of High and Low
.Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent, i
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five'minutes later than at Fort Point; the
heleht of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19.
Sun rises y 6:54
Sun sets 4:5<J
Moon rises 4:20 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the. •arljr mornins tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence a. to time or
?K Jr 'ii f £ ™E co . lun "» the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occurs. The heisrhu
SntSd^tS^cSS l V he «««««»«•«!»•
United States Coast Survey charts, except
rh.^t^r'ni^iS* 11 I""* »»•««*« "»» height, and
J~?h e . r v Blv ,f n ta «.t>tract« > d * ro ™ «»•
depth given by the. charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waterV
TO SAIL.
WHALING FLEET MAKES A VERY POOR SHOWING COMPARED WITH THAT OE LAST SEASON
¦ ¦ HONGKONG — Arrived Nor 17-Jap , stmr
America Maru, hence Oct 17. '
Steamer Movements.
_TO ARRIVE.
i»y»«iCHE last of the whalers made port.
I yesterday. The steamer William
I Baylies came in from the Arctic
JJL with 15,000 pounds of bone and 400
barrels of oil— a 565.OD0 cargo. The
Alice Knowles came In from the Okhotsk
Rpa with 1000 pounds of bone and 1500 bar
rels of oil- a J40.000 catch.
The entire whaling fleet is now In, and
judging from reports the vessels have not
done as well as last eeason. Some of them
have made good catches, but the majorlty
have not paid expenses. The only vessel
that has made a big showing Is the Gram
pers. and she spent two winters In the'
frozen north.
Water Trent Notes.
The schooner Free Trade was forced to
return to port yesterday. While on her
way to Mendcelno the crosstree on the
foremast carried away. This was on the
17th inst., and the schooner had to come
back for repairs.
The Mai! Company's steamer Newport
Failed for Panama and way ports yester
day. She took away a large cargo but
few passengers. '
Tb« eteamer Dora arrived from Una-
laska yesterday. She reports the Portland
ana Sadie at Nome on the 6th inst., and
the Bertha as due at Seattle from the
gold fields on the 18th inst. *
The British ship »Alcinous arrived yes
terday in charge of Pilot Charles W. Reed.
Captain Reed has been under suspension,
but the charges against him were all dis
proved and he is now again in good
standing.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Sunday, November 18.
btmr Empire, Macgenn. 79 hours from Coos
Btmr Noyo. Johnson. 14 hours from FV>rt
Bragj.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle. 18 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Queen, Thomas. 60 hours from San
Die^o and way ports.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, 77 hours from As
toria.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, 40 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins, 66 hours from Vic
toria and Puret Sound ports.
6tmr Brunswick, Andresen. 23 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put in to land passen
rers. . ¦
Whaling stmr Win Baylies, Cottle, S3 days
from Unalaeka.
Br ship Cawdor, Burch, 75 days from New
castle, Aus.
Schr Queen, Nielsen, 18 days from Port Gam
ble.
Schr Bender Brothers, "Wetzel. 60 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Coquille, Anderson, IS days from Co
qullle River.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola, 6 days from Eu
reka.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
deca. *
Schr Pearl, Kohler. 17 hours from Kodiak. .
SAILED.
Sunday, November 18.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Btmr San Jose, Cattarlnich, Nanalmo.
Stmr Samoa, Jacobs, Eureka.
Stmr Mandalay. Reed, Coquille River.
Stmr Rainier, Hans«n, Seattle.
Ship Star of France, Fisher, Puget Sound. '
Bktn W. H Dlmond. Hanson, Honolulu.
Echr Marie E Smith, Nelson. Port Gamble.
Schr Wegtern Home, Christiansen, Coos Bay.
Schr J G Wall, Jensen. Eureka.
Schr Mary Buhne, Weber, Eureka.
Schr Reliance, Larsen, Stewartsh Point.
Fchr Lettitia, Gronberg, - — . ¦
Schr Repeat, Olaen. Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr LUlebonne, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
RETURNED.
Sunday, November 18.
Schr Free Trade, Joansen, hence Nov 16,-re
turned on account of carrying: away crosstree
on the mainmast bead off Russian River on
Nor 17.
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Pearl, from Kodlak Nov 18— Noon-
day rock buoy out of order; no bell groing.
Pasped within 100 yards
TELEGRAPHIC. \ '"; ;V
POINT LOBOS, Nov IS. 10 p m-Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity lemlles.
DOMESTIC PORTS. . -— : ; ,
TENTURA- Arrived Nov IS— Schr John F
Mlller._froni Grays Harbor; etmr G«o Loomls,
ciS e * ££r v \r, 17 ' and BalIed San Francisco.
_ SKATTLE— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Willamette,
hence Nov 14.
p O R T TOWNSEND- Passed In Nov 17— Bark
** P Cheney, hence Nov 6. for Tacoma; ship
c t. B I°« er! ' hence Nov 8, for Taooma.
'f-n * io Nov 17 ~ Bktn Quickstep. for Kohulul.
.^RAIS HARBOR-Salled Nov IS-Schr Jas
A uarfleld for San Francisco: schr Laura May,
for San FVanclBco; schr Chas R Wilson, for
~ZZi, ?$£* San Buenaventura, for San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 18— Stmr Eureka,
hence -Nov 17. •
_Salled Nov 18— Stmr Santa Barbara, for San
cl»co° * t ™ r North Fork, for San Fran-
ASTORI A— Arrived Nov 18— Br ship Arden
craig. from Santa Rosalia. The reported arri
val of the Nor stmr Universe Nov 17 It an
error; not arrived.
Sailed Nov 18— Stmr» Alliance and Pulton, for
Call ncl8C0; Pe >" bark Francisco Tozo. for
SAN PBDRO-Arrived ' Nov 18-Schr Fred E
Sander, from. Seattle.- *
FOREIGN PORTS. •
y,™??^*^?* Nov 16 ~ Br " Btmr Flintshire,
hence Oct 23, 'for Port Arthur." ;-* **
"Therefore." continued the professor,
"while it laves the sand it saves th»
land."— Chicago Tribune.
"What a mistake it la," observed the
doctor as they walked along the shore,
'to speak of this as the watery "waste*!
There lsn"t a drop that i3 wasted. "With
out the ocean the continents themselves
would soon become uninhabited deserts."
TliE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1900.
THE BASEBALL GAME AT RECREATION GROUNDS BETWEEN THE SAN^FRANCISCO AND STOCKTON
TEAMS WAS DEVOID OF GOOD DIAMOND QUALITIES. THE FEW ENLIVENING INCIDENTS WERE
CAUGHT AND NOTED BY THE CALL ARTIST.
6
iteamer.
From.
Due.
Grace Dollar. 1.
San Juan.......
North Fork.....
Arcata .........
Robert Dollar..
Tellus . .
Santa Barbara.
Iaqua ..........
Doric ..:
Czarina ........
Eureka '.
Alliance
Columbia .......
Corona ......... j
Washtenaw ....
South : Portland
Santa. Rosa
Point . Arena....
Crescent City.'. I
Pomona ........
City of Pnebla.
Newburgr .... .-.
W. H. Kroner.
Bonlta>...
G. W. Elder....
Grays Harbor ;... Nov. 19
New York.......... Nov 19
Humboldt...... Sdv. 19
Coos Bay soy. 19
Seattle ... Xov. 19
Oyster Harbor.. Nov. 19
Humboldt Nov 19
San Diego..... „ n ov .' ;q
China and Japan.. Nov 20
Seattle........... n ov | jo
Humboldt.. . Nov. 20
Portland and Coos Bay. Nov* °1
Portland. Nov' 21
Newport... . x ov ; 2 i
Tacoma Nov 21
Seattle Now' ">2
San Diego.. Nov" 22
Point Arena........... Vov" 2 1 "
Crescent City....... \ No \\ ,5
Eureka.........;....;..... x ov 23
Victoria.......... Nov! 23
Grays Harbor.. ...:. Nov' 23
Grays Harbor.....-...-..-. Nor! 24
Newport....". '.'.'.'.;', Nov' '3
Portland.... .;...... Nov! 2S
Steamer. Destination. Satis. I Pier.
Coronado .. Grays Harbor Nov. 13, 6 pm Pier 3
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 19. 2 pm Pier 9
Newport .. New York Nov. 19. 12 m PMSS
Geo. Elder. Portland Nov. 19. 11 am Pier 24
China China & Japan Nov. 20, 1 pm PMSS
Bonlta Newport Nov.. 20. tiro Pier 11
Arcafti ..... Coos Bay Nov. 20. 4 pm Pier 13
Albion Honolulu Nov. 20. 2 pm Pier 2
Marlposa .. Australia Nov. 21, 9am Pier 7
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Nov. 21, 5 pm Pier 2
Queen ...... San Diego Nov. II, 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla .. Victoria Nov. 22. 11 am Pier »
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 22. 2 pm Pier 2
Czarina ....Seattle Nov. 22. 9 am Pier 3
Eureka .... Humboldt Nov. 22. 9 am Pier IS
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Xov. £2. 9 am Pier 20
Corona — Newport Nov. 23, B am Pier 11
Isls HambK & way Nov. 2\ — am Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland [Nov. 24. 11 am Pier 24
Pt." Arena.. Point Arena.. |Nov. 24. 2 pm Pter 2
D fTJme ' Timel Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
S kTwl • H WJ L W H W
19... 2:J5 2.6 9 09 5.6 S:52 0.4 10:42 4 1
» ... S:ll :.8 »:M 5.7 4:15 O.O 11:2; 4 1
Hi..' S:4S 2.9 W:04 5.7 5:C0 — 0.3 „
H W l> W H W l. w
Z2 ... 0:10 4.3 4:2« 3.0 10:32 5.7 5 33 _o s
a... 0:M 4.4 5^)7 3.2 11:04 5.8 «1« ZJa
!1 ... l:3S 4.5 5:52| 3.2 11:43 5.7 8^54 Zo i
D fTJme ' Timel Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
S kTwl • H WJ L W H W
19... 2:J5 2.6 9 09 5.6 S:52 0.4 10:42 4 1
» ... S:ll :.8 »:M 5.7 4:15 O.O 11:2; 4 1
Hi..' S:4S 2.9 W:04 5.7 5:C0 — 0.3 „
H W l> W H W l. w
Z2 ... 0:10 4.3 4:2« 3.0 10:32 5.7 5 33 _o s
a... 0:M 4.4 5^)7 3.2 11:04 5.8 «1« ZJa
!1 ... l:3S 4.5 5:52| 3.2 11:43 5.7 8^54 Zo i
iteamer.
From.
Due.
Grace Dollar. 1.
San Juan.......
North Fork.....
Arcata .........
Robert Dollar..
Tellus . .
Santa Barbara.
Iaqua ..........
Doric ..:
Czarina ........
Eureka '.
Alliance
Columbia .......
Corona ......... j
Washtenaw ....
South : Portland
Santa. Rosa
Point . Arena....
Crescent City.'. I
Pomona ........
City of Pnebla.
Newburgr .... .-.
W. H. Kroner.
Bonlta>...
G. W. Elder....
Grays Harbor ;... Nov. 19
New York.......... Nov 19
Humboldt...... Sdv. 19
Coos Bay soy. 19
Seattle ... Xov. 19
Oyster Harbor.. Nov. 19
Humboldt Nov 19
San Diego..... „ n ov .' ;q
China and Japan.. Nov 20
Seattle........... n ov | jo
Humboldt.. . Nov. 20
Portland and Coos Bay. Nov* °1
Portland. Nov' 21
Newport... . x ov ; 2 i
Tacoma Nov 21
Seattle Now' ">2
San Diego.. Nov" 22
Point Arena........... Vov" 2 1 "
Crescent City....... \ No \\ ,5
Eureka.........;....;..... x ov 23
Victoria.......... Nov! 23
Grays Harbor.. ...:. Nov' 23
Grays Harbor.....-...-..-. Nor! 24
Newport....". '.'.'.'.;', Nov' '3
Portland.... .;...... Nov! 2S
Steamer. Destination. Satis. I Pier.
Coronado .. Grays Harbor Nov. 13, 6 pm Pier 3
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 19. 2 pm Pier 9
Newport .. New York Nov. 19. 12 m PMSS
Geo. Elder. Portland Nov. 19. 11 am Pier 24
China China & Japan Nov. 20, 1 pm PMSS
Bonlta Newport Nov.. 20. tiro Pier 11
Arcafti ..... Coos Bay Nov. 20. 4 pm Pier 13
Albion Honolulu Nov. 20. 2 pm Pier 2
Marlposa .. Australia Nov. 21, 9am Pier 7
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Nov. 21, 5 pm Pier 2
Queen ...... San Diego Nov. II, 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla .. Victoria Nov. 22. 11 am Pier »
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 22. 2 pm Pier 2
Czarina ....Seattle Nov. 22. 9 am Pier 3
Eureka .... Humboldt Nov. 22. 9 am Pier IS
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Xov. £2. 9 am Pier 20
Corona — Newport Nov. 23, B am Pier 11
Isls HambK & way Nov. 2\ — am Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland [Nov. 24. 11 am Pier 24
Pt." Arena.. Point Arena.. |Nov. 24. 2 pm Pter 2
The "divine police" of Paris have been
supplemented by special officers whose
duty it is to keep watch at the various
tramway crossings and give such orders
as they may think proper to prevent col-
lisions and loss of life.
It !» the intention of the new Central
I^ondon Railway Company to erect over
its stations handsome mansions, which
will be let out in residential fiats, while in
some cases, where space permit*, attrac-
tive business premises will also be added.
The art of manicure is many centuries
old, having had its birth in the dim old
convents of France, where the patient
nuns practiced it on the hands of the no-
ble ladies brought up within their walls1340 and 1347, rift map 3. $500; Emily P. Geary
to Lorenzo de Santl, north corner Seventeenth
avenue and S etr«*et, 25x100, $150; Hartland and
Ada Law to L. H. Sly. south line of Turk
street, 137:6 west from Larkln, 137:6xl37:«, $22,
600; Jacob Schlosser to Emily L. Palache, west
line of Scott strret. 107:6 north from Green,
30x100. »3500: Henry M. and Georsle L. Whitely
to Hush Tevis, north line of Broadway, 15>
weot from Devisadero. 15x137:6. $SO0O: Hartlan>l
and Ada Law to L. H. Sly, southwest corner
Greenwich and Broderick strc* 275xltm:2.
north line Filbert street. 208 feet west from
Broderick. 60:7x137:6, and southwest corner
Broderick and Filbert . streets. 137:6x102:9. $15.
000; Cora B. and Sydney V. Smith to Edwartl
W. King, south line nf Sacramento, 137:6 we3t
from AValnut, 68:9x132:7, *4000; Henry Feipe t.*
Catherine Kenney. west line of Shotwell street,
215 feet couth from Nineteenth. 30x102:6, $1000;
Jonathan and Anna Anderson to Sinclair Trim
ble, eouth line of Liberty street, 20- feet east
from Castro, 25x114, $2500; L. H. and Lizzie Sly
to Hartland Law, north line of Bush Btreei,
91:8 west from Mason, 45:10x137:6, irregular
shape, $70,000: Robert H. Ryder to Loretto C.
and Kstella V. Ryder, undivided one-fifth of
northwest line of De Boom, 225 feet northeast
from Second, 25xS0, $500; Marks and Rachel
Lewis to William L. Elirenpfort. northwest
line of Minna street. 238 feet southwest from
Third, 37x70. $3000; Frederick and Kllzab^th A.
Hampe to Martin Holge, northwest corner of
Connecticut and Army streets, 100x100, $S0O0;
George W. Hendry to the Chutes Company,
southeast corner C street and Tenth avenue,
120x300 and the northeast corner D street and
Tenth avenue, 120x100, $20,000; Albert M. Getz
to Solomon Getz, west line of Forty-ceveenth
avenue, 275 feet north from J street, 50xl2'>.
$500: Cecelia A. Dolan to Joseph F. Dolan,
north line of Courtland avenue, 40 feet west
from Nevada street. 30x65. $1000: John S. and
Elizabeth. Hare to George W. Kellev, southwest
corner Eleventh avenue and M street, irregular
lot, $2600; Mathllde Deckelmann et al. to Mb
thilde S. Esperance. northwest line of Railroad
avenue, 55 feet southwest from Eighth avenue,
25x122, $1500; August and Mathllde Klahn to
Stephen Hesall, eouth line of Thirtieth street,
100 feet east from Dame, 30x114, *350O; C. A.
and Annie M. Buckley to William H. Wright,
ttouth line of California street, 192;6 east from
Buchanan, 27:6x137:6, $8000; Mattes and Carrie
Hemmerschlag to Max Katzer, north line of
Post 37:6 east from Scott. 25x87:8, $4500; John
G W. and Minna Schulte to Elizabeth C.
Pearl northwest corner of Haight and Pier;"
streets, 87:6x137:6, $13,000; William M.
and Emily C. Wilson to William H.
Turk, north line of Sacramento, 192:H
east from Baker, 25x127:8, $3000: Lottit and
Louis H. Titus to J. J. Maun, northwest co-
ner of Union and Broderick streets, - 44x103.
$3000; German Savings and Loan Society to
Andrew D. Lunden, let 22, block 4, Marlon
Tract, $4500; Agnes J. Bernhard to Harry E.,
Edmund J. and Albert E. Hargrave, south line
of Twenty-eighth street, 100 feet west from
Ouerrero, 26x114, south line of Twenty-eighth,
126 feet west from Guerrero, 25x114, and 'all
Interest In the estate of Henry Hargrave, $1000;
Joseph, Harriet. Jacob and Bertha Wissbaum
to S. A. and Emily K. Boquist, south line of
Twenty-third street, 175 feet west from Ellen.
25x114. $500: Hugrh and Clara T. Morrison to
Antcnio Chichlzola, north line of Pacific street,
212:8 west from Dupont, 42x92:6, $10,000; Susan
G. Tevis to Spencer (1. Buckbee, northeast line
of Beale street,: 187:6 southeast from Folsnm.
60x137:6, and northeast line of Beale, - 287:6
eoutheast from Folsom. 80x137:6; \VlIlljun
Oleselman, trustee, to Spencer G. '. Buckbee,
northeast line of Beale, 187:6 southeast. from
Folsom. 180x137:6, $58,000; John J. Abbot to
Kate and Michael O"Grady, northwest line of
Shipley street. 100 feet northeast from Sixth.
25x75, $4000.; William P. Slattery, et al., to A.
Kahn, undivided eleven-twelfths ; of the south
corner of Brannan and Geneva streets.. 34x81,
iiiM: Louis aM,Rose Llpman to London and
At the last held meeting of San Fran
cisco Tent the members of San Francisco
Hive of the Ladies of the Maccabees paid
it a fraternal visit, on which occasion
I*ady Commander Botrne. on behalf of her
hive, pr^5=*»nted tne tent a beautiful loving
cup. accompanying th» presentation with
an ?-loqurnt address in which ehe spoke
many words of praise for the tent which
had in the past been bo kind and aided
th*» hive in its work. The gift was ac
cfpt^d by Commander Bowne on behalf
nt th* tent in a few well chosen words
Knights of the Maccabees.
west side of Waverly place, 62:9 south of
Washington street, 29:6x55," $10,000: lot and im
provements on the northwest side of Mlsslor
street, 275 feet northeast of Fifth. 3i:6xlbu;
$30,000: lot on the east side of Shrader street,
125 feet north of Frederick, 25x134 :8>4. J173O:
lot and improvements on the north side of Hill
street, 220 feet west of Valencia, 30x114. $5500;
lot and Improvements on the east side of
Buchanan street, 78 feet south of Oak, 42x37:6,
$3000: lot on the west side of De Haro street.
175 feet north of Twenty-fourth, 25x100. $100:
lot on the east side of London street, 300 ftct
southeast of China, 25x100. $600; lot on the west
side of Tenth avenue, 200 feet south Of O street.
50x120. JBOO; lot and improvem-ant>-on the west
side of Eleventh avenue, 200 feet north of , I
street, 25x120, $3300; lot on southwest corner of
Prentice and Jefferson streets, 25x70. $1600; lot
on the southeast corner of Sacramento and
Stelner streets, 26:6x81:3. JCSOO: lot and improve
m»nts on the northwest side of Jessie street.
350 feet southwest of Sixth, 25x75, $3600; loUand
Improvements on the east side of Church street,
74:6 feet north of Twenty-third, 24:10x70, $2700;
lot and Improvements on the east side of Tenth
avenue. 123 feet south of K Btreet, 23x120. J2800;
lot on the west side of Ninth avenue. 175 f<?er
north of O street, 60x120, $1000; lot and im
provements on the north side of Twenty-first
street, 255 feet east of Noe. 25x114. $1000; lot
on the south side of S*ramento streot.- 188:3
f ee t east of Buchanan, 40xl27:SVi. $7500; lot en
the west side of Sanchez street. 28:6 feet soutn
of Eighteenth. 26x105, $750; lot on the went
side of avenue, 200 feet north of
I street. 00x120. $1GOO; lot and improvements on
the south side of Day street, 255 feet east of
Noe, 25x114, $1200: lot and Improvements on
the south side of Filbert street, 183:4 feet west
of Leavenworth. 22:11x58:9, $800; lot on ihe west
Bide of Eighteenth avenue. 100 feet south of
II street 60x120. $15U0; Jot and improvements
on the west side of Diamond street, 75 feet
south of Seventeenth, 24:8x125, $3CO0; lot and
Improvements on the east side of Church street,
24:10 feet north of Twenty-third. 24:10x70, $2700;
lot on the south aide of Thirteenth street, 150
feet east of Folsom. 25x80, $1230; lot on tl.e
southeast corner of Thirteenth and Folsom
streets, 27:5HxlOO, $3000; lot and improvements
on the northwest side of Minna street, 215 feet
Bouthwest of Third. 23x70. $4000; lot and im
provements on the southeast side of Jessie
street 487:6 feet southwest of Fourth, 25x70,
S40C0; lot on the north side of Elizabeth street.
305:2 feet west of Diamond, 51:6x114. $1000: lot
on the north side of Fourteenth street. 125 feef
east of Folsom. 23x114. . $1600; lot on the sout>
side of H street, 95 feet east of Twelfth ave
nue. 25x100. $1300.
L-yon & Hoag report their sales as fol
lows: •
• Lot 68x132 feet, on the south line of Sacra
mento street, 137:6 west of Walnut, for Mrs.
Cora B. Smith to E. W. King; for $4000; lot and
Improvements, on the north line of Army street,
76 feet east of Dolores, $1250; two flats, on the
north line of Clinton Park, between^ Valenci»
and Guerrero streets, $2300: northeast corner of
Broadway and Jones street, 47:6x60, for $2730;
lot 60x120, west line of Seventh avenue, 250 feet
north of K street, for $1500; lot and new house,
23x50, west line of Mississippi. $1500; lot 23x50.
east line of Tremont, 721 feet south of Freder
ick, $1000; lot 25x125. on the east line of Shra
der, 100 feet north of Beulah, $1500; half block
on Nineteenth-avenue boulevard and lot 150x120.
on the southeast corner of Ninth avenue and M
street, - for, $40W>; • new house, on the north line
of ¦ Alvarado, between Sanchez and ' Noe, from
S. A. Brown to William M. Connolly, for $28M;
lot 25x65, east line of Stevenson street. 120 f ea»
north of Fourteenth, for $900. •
E. G. Schmiedell will erect a handsome
residence on the northeast- corner of
Washington ¦ and Stelner streets. It will
he a two-story structure with attic and
basement. .The cost will be $12,500. / John
White is the architect.
CADE: My wife descended of the Lacles
DICK (aside): She waa. Indeed, a peddler"*
daughter, and sold many laces.
CADE: Therefore am I of an honourable
hcuse.
DICK (aside): Ay. by my faith, the field Is
honourable r and there was he born, under a
hedge, for his father had never a house but tho
cage.
CADE: Valiant I am.
SMITH (aside): A' must needs: for beggary
is valiant.
CADE: I am able to endure much.
DICK (aside): Xo question of that: for I
have seen him whipped three market days to
gether.
CADE: I fear neither sword nor fire.
SMITH (aside): He need not fear the sword,
for hl» coat in of proof. . .
DICK (aside): Put methlnks he should stand
In fear of fire, beins burnt 1' the hand for
stealing of sheep.
CADE: Be brave, then: for your captain Is
brave, and tows reformation. There shall b»
In England seven half-penny loaves sold for
a penny: the three-hooped pot shall have ten
hoops; and I will make it felony to drink small
beer: all the realm shall be In common, and
In Cheapslda shall my palfry go to grass: and
when I am king, as kin? I will be
" ALL: God save your majesty!
CADE: I thank you. good people: there shall
b« no money; all shall eat and drink on my
score; and I will apparel them all In one
livery that they may agree like brothers and
worship me their lord.
DICK: The first thing w» do. let's kill all
the lawyers.
CADE: Xay. that I mean to do. Is not this
a lamentable thine:, that of the skfn of an In
nocent lamb should be made parchment? that
parchment^ being scribbled over, should undo
a man? Some say the bee stings; but I say,
'tis the bee's wax; for I did but seal once to
a thing, and I was never mine own man since.
—IV.. 11.. 6-91."
The clerk of Chatham Is then brought
before Cade charged with being able to
read, write and cast accounts, and with
setting copies for boys. He is pronounced
guilty and Is led off to be hanged.
Says Walter Bajehot: "An audienc« which
bona fide entered Into the merit of this sceno
would never believe In everybody's suffrage.
They would know that there is such a thin?
as nonsense; and when a man has once attain
ed to that deep conception, you may be sure
of him ever after. • • • The author of 'Cor
iolanus' never believed In a mob, and did
something toward preventing; anybody el«>»
from doing so." Another "peculiar ten*t
which was ascribed to Shakespeare's political
creed." continues Eagebot. "la a disbelief In
the middle classes. We fear h«» had no oplnt«n
of traders. • • • You will senerally find
that when a 'cttlzen* Is mentioned he does
or says something absurd."
Two other bits from "II Henry VI" must
be given. Cade, striking his stall on Lon
don stone, utters the following proclama
tion:
Now Is Mortimer lord of thi» city. And
here, sitting upon London stone. I chary* and
command that, of the .city's cost, the (little)
conduit run nothing but claret wine this year
of our reign. And now, henceforward. It shall
be treason for any that calls mo other than
Lord Mortimer.— IV. vl. 1-7.
When Lord Say Is captured and brought
Into the presence of Cade the latter
worthy accuses him as follows:
Be It known unto thee by thes« presence.
even the presence of Ix>rd Mortimer, that I am
the bosom that must sweep tha court clean
of such filth as thou art. Thou hast most
traitorously corrupted the youth of the realm
In erecting a jrrammar school: and. whereas,
before our forefathers had no other books but
the score end the tally, thou haat caasod print
ing to be used, and, contrary to the Kin?, hia
crown and dignity, thou bast built a paper
mill. It will be proved to my face that thou
hast men about thee that usually talk of a
noun and verb, and such abomlnabla word*
as no Christian ear can endure to hear. Thou
hast appointed Justices of peace to call poor
men before them about matters they wera not
able to answer.— IV. v^l. 32-47.
We need to remember that Shakespeare
as a dramatist was concerned entirely
with what the common people were In his
own time and had been In the past. A
dramatist has. perhaps, no call to be a
prophet. If In Shakespeare's own think
ing he caught no glimpse of the comlnsr
day of democratic institutions— and this
seems probable— then by so much his
great mind failed him: so much the less
Shakespeare he. In any case a man Is not
necessarily guilty of nonsense bfcauae he
accepts truth not revealed to Shakespeare,
or even «to Basehot.
Before finding fault with Shakespeare
for not believing in the principle of self
government In democratic Ideals, it la well
to ask one's self. "Do I believe In self-gov
ernment? Or do I. perhaps, believe In good
government Instead?" Shakespeare has
been said to be hopelessly feudal and aris
tocratic In his political creed, but he cer
tainly believed heartily In good govern
ment. ALBERT H. TOLMAN.
Chicago University.
to the Puritans In Shakespeare are al
ways either hostile or contemptuous? Let
a single example suffice:
MARIA: Marry, sir. sometimes he is kind or
Puritan.
SIR ANDRB"JV: Oh. if I thought that I'd
beat him like a doB!
SIR TOBY: What, for being: a Puritan? Thy
exquisite reason, dear kniuht?
SIR ANDREW: I have no exquisite reason
for 't. but I have reason good enough.
—"Twelfth Night." II. 111. 151-8.
Stratford, the home of Shakespeare's
youth and of his last years, surrendered
to Puritanism. In 156S. when the poet s
father was bailiff of the city (Mayor we
should call him), the corporation enter
tained actors at Stratford: but in 1602 the
Council decreed that any Alderman or
citizen giving his consent-to the repre
sentation of plays in the Guildhall should
be fined ten shillings. In 1612 the fine
was increased to £10. one-sixth of th?
price that the poet paid for the largest
house In town and the accompanying
land. The dramatist's own wife and
daughters seem to have become Puritans,
and probably felt ashamed of the -career
of the world's greatest poet.
The nobles and the Queen were as
friendly to the stage as the Puritans were
hostile. The law compelled a company
of Dlayers to obtain a license from some
member of the higher nobility, permitting
them to pursue their calling a3 his ser
vants; otherwise they were to be consid
ered rogues and vagabonds. And Shake
speare himself received the patronage of
the great. He dedicatd his poems to the
Earl of Southampton In terms of warm
affection. The folio edition of his
plavs, appearing after his death, was
dedicated to the Earl of Pembrok* and
the Earl of Montgomery, because they
had shown to the author so much
favour." The court opposed the Puritans
and encouraged the theater In 1593
three prominent separatist Puritans were
hanged for sedition. At Christmas. 1534.
a record tells us that William Shake
speare and others phiyed two comedies
before her Majesty.
Whether the poet was Influenced mainly
by the considerations that I have Indi
cated or by the natural bias of his mind,
there can be little question that Shakes
tieare favored the monarchy and aristoc
racv and disliked any attempt to ex
tend the power of the people. When old
Menenius Agrippa In "Coriolanus" speaks
contemptuously of those who sit. by
the fire and presun\e to know what s done
in the capitol" we certainly hav^ an ex
pression of Shakespeare's own attitude
toward the upstart commonality who pre
tend to have an opinion about affairs ot
government."The First Part of Henry VI"
brutally misrepresents the character of
Joan of Arc, and Mr. C. W. Thomas de
clares that '^The Second Part of Henry
VI" presents Cade's rebellion "with a
mendacity, so far as I know, unsurpassed
In literautre." Both plays have been given
the same moral— that one of humble birth
should confine hia attention to humble
m Although many Ideas coursed through
the great mind of Shakespeaere. yet, so
far as his words indicate, he seems to
have been blind to the significance of the
ereat political movement of his time. He
probably never even dreamed that such a
government as that of our great American
republic could exist, much less that It
could show a reasonable degree of per
manence and stability.
Concerning the plays of "Julius Caesar"
and "Coriolanus," we may say that
Shakespeare only follows Plutarch In
representing- the common people of Rome
as too fickle, too Ignorant, too subject to
demagogues to deserve the slightest re
spect We are forced to agree with Corio
lanus when he tells the populace:
"He that depends
Upon your favors swims with flns of lead.
And hews down oak» with rushes.
Hang; ye! Trust ye?
With every minute you do change a mind."
—I. I, 1S3-8.
But the vigor with which Shakespeare
ridicules the Roman mob goes far be
yond anything In Plutarch. It seems clear
that - the ' evil smell of- the very crowds
which thronged his theater and helped to
make him rich was most distasteful to
the sensitive player-poet. Casca's con
temptuous description of the rabble who
"threw up their sweaty nightcaps and
uttered such a deal of stinking breath" re
curs many times In different forms % in
thone plays in which the common herd
nays a part. Hazlitt. the good democrat,
dislikes the play of "Coriolanus": he Is
even led to attack the poetic imagination
Ittelf as a "monopolizing, aristocratical
faculty" of the mind. He says:
This Is the logic of the Imagination and the
passions: which seek to aggrandize what ex
cites admiration and to heap contempt on
ml»ery. *° raise power Into tyranny and to
maks tyranny absolute; to thrust down that
which is low* still lower, and to make wretches
desperate: to exalt magistrates into king*.
kinprs Into gods; to degrade subjects to the rank
nf slaves, and slaves to the condition of brutes.
Ther history of mankind Is a romance, a mask,
a tragredy.' constructed upon, the principles of
poetical Justice (the phrase la URed sneer
insly); it Is a noble or royal hunt. In which
The Alcazar's contribution will be the
third and brightest act of Augustin Da
ly's "The Railroad of Love." The Chutes
will send In an acrobatic novelty and the
Olympia will give an up-to-date specialty.
The sale of reserved seats will begin at
the Orpheum box office this morning at
9 o'clock and the performance on Thurs
day will begin at high noon.
• • •
Th© sixteen weeks' season of grand op-
a most worthy one and the treasury of
the managers Is almost empty. There are
many sick and destitute player-folk who
must be taken care of and too often some
poor thespian who has entertained thou
sands dies, and only for the managers
his remains would go to J.he potter's Held.
Every purchaser of a ticket will not
only be aiding a most noble charity, but
he "will- also witness a performance that
could not be duplicated for ten times the
money.
For instance. David Bispham, the great
barytone of the Grau Opera Company, will
sing Rudyard Kipling"s "Danny Deever"
and "On the Road to Mandalay." accom
panied by no less a personage than Walter
Darr.roBch, the eminent conductor and
composer of these self-same songs. Then
Mme. Rosa Olitzka, who made such a hit
as Azucena in "II Trovatore" last night,
will Ping the "Indian Serenade," by George
Ltlebling. and the "Habanera" from Bizet's
"Carmen." Ferris Hartman, Grace Orr
and the rest of "The Jolly Musketeer"
company will put on the brightest bits of
that comic opera as the Tivoli's contribu
tion In addition to Estcfania, Collamarini
and Domenico Russo who will give the
last act of "Carmen," and Gaudenzio Sa
laesa. who will sing a barytone solo. ¦
Frank Daniels will send his "Ameer"
company over from the Columbia and the
entire Royal Marine Band of Italy will
come over from the California and dis
course classical and popular music. The
Alhambra will send the McCoy sisters and
Sam Marion in their capital specialty
from Hoyt's "A Stranger in New York,"
p.nd the Orpheum will present the best
acts of the current bill.
And tickets are going like the proverb
ial hot cake all over town. The cause is
Fischer's Concert-house offers for en
tertainment Olive Vail and Frank Tully,
Irene Franklin, Cuhama, the Jap.; Harry
Walton, Helen Stuart and Claire Fex.
• • ¦
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day Includes Shields Bros., cyclists;
Nora Bayes, contralto; Gua Leonard, mu
sical artist; Little Alma, Hunt's dog cir
cus, Eddie Mack, Leondor Bros, and new
moving pictures.
From Berlin to the Orpheum comes
Max Waldon, the great character imper
sonator, this week. Stelling and Revelle,
Condit and Morey, the brothers Martine,
W. J. Hynes. Anna Boyd and lone Mac-
Louth are others on the good programme.
Miss MacLouth mi>dc her initial appear
ance yesterday and showed herself to be a
singer of great promise.
The Italian Royal Marine Band opens
its second week to-night at the California
Theater and will present new programmes
each evening.
• • •
The Alcazar Theater will present Au
gustin Daly's charming comedy, "The
Railroad of Love," and Miss Lila Con
vere will make her first appearance In the
piny at this theater.
entertainment of a large audience at the
Alhambra last night. The house was
crowded to the standing room only de
gree, and every one seemed happy to bo
there.
John L. Kearney, who takes the part of
tho stranger, is a comedian of ability.
His presence is good, he sings well and
In his hands the fun of the playwright
does not suffer. His topical song, " 'Twas
a Pipe Dream," was one of the best
specialties. '
Vaudeville is prominent In the produc
tion, and of the specialties the acrobatic
dancing of the McCoy sisters and Sam
Marion won most favor. The McCoys
are willowy girls that fit Into the play to
advantage independently of their danc
ing.
• • •
The sprightly fun of Hoyt's "A
Stranger in New York" bubbled for tho
The cast will include such well-known,
favorites as Ferris Hartman. Annie Mey
ers, Grace Orr, Tom Guise, J. Fogarty,
Arthur Boyce and many new comers, in
cluding Tenbrook Dale, a remarkable
barytone; Edward Webb, a well-known
Eastern comedian, and Maud Williams, a
charming soprano, who created the role
of Yvette with the Jeff de Angelis Com
pany, and who has been ppeclally se
cured by the Tlvoli for tho production.
At the end of the second act all the
artists that have sung during the season
appeared on the stage and after the hear
ty applause had subsided Signor Russo
advanced to the footlights and made
a neat little, speech, thanking the patrons
of the house in behalf of the- artists' for
the generous appreciation of the season's
work. He said that while they were sor
ry to leave, they had the consolation of
knowing that all would return here In
eight months.
Mirth and fun-making will supplant
grand opera at the Ti%oll Opera-house
this evening, when the annual comic
opera season will begin with a grand pro
duction of the successful comic opera,
"The Jolly Musketeers."
era at the Tlvoli came to a close last
evening with the performance 6f "Car
men," which was witnessed by the largest
audience ever gathered in the theater in
its history. Before 5 o'clock the outer
doors of the theater were besieged by a
vast crowd prepared to wait patiently fcr
two hours in the hopts of securing even
standing room, as every reserved seat in
the house had been sold before yesterday
morning.
The audience was amply rewarded by
the puperb presentation of "Carmen."
Collamarini acted and sang in a manner
which evoked thunders of applause. Rus
po as Don Jose shared tne honors with
the diva, and after each act the two art
ists were called before the curtain time
and time again. Repetto, Niciolinl and
the rest of the cast were in splendid voice,
and the closing night of the season is
likely to be long remembered by both art
ist and audience.
MOVEMENT OF REALTY
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Last week Lincoln Lodge No. 2 of
the Friends of the Forest gave a
house-warming party In Laurel Hall of
the Shiels building in celebration of tak
ing new .quarters in that building.
Through the efforts of Mrs. Bertha Mack
rett, the president, and the members of
the lodge there was a perfectness of ar
rangements that made the affair a most
pleasant one for the many who attended.
There was a short programme, which had
for Its features a filano solo by Mrs. Ba
con; vocal solo. Miss Dora Hink, and a
modern cakewalk by Miss Emma Hink.
A recitation by Miss Pearl Schwartz was
out of the ordinary as to subject and man
ner of delivery and it was greatly appre
ciated. Light refreshments were served
and then there was dancing till midnight.
Harmony Lodge will give a social In its
hall on the night of the 16th inst.
America Lodge gave a party in Its hall
at Twenty-fourth and Folsom streets last
week, which was a very enjoyable func
tion.
Friends of the Porest.
The entertainment and dance recently
given by Lincoln Corps No. 3. auxiliary
to the Grand Army of th£ Republic, wa3
a most gratifying success"for It produced
for the benefit fund a goodly sum, that
will help many old soldiers and their fam
ilies during the winter months. The fol
lowing programme was presented: Cake
walk, by the Johnson twins; violin solo,
Charles Blank: buck and wine dancing.
Charles Humphreys: instrumental selec
tions. Professor Graber's mandolin club;
vocal solo, Mrs. M. Dickey; specialties,
Miss Helen Arensberg, and ;> Japanese
drill by ladies of Kins Solomon Chapter
of the "Eastern Star. th» participants be
ing Mrs. Martha E. Blade. Miss Mae
Frank O'Keefe, Miss L,. E. Baehr. M!*4
Bertha E. Hobro, Miss Fannie M. Frank
lin, Miss Alma McPhun, Miss Gertie
Keumner, Miss Icy Perkins. Miss Dunbar.
Miss Grace Hill, Miss Daisy Annltta
Doud, Miss Gertrude Ayers, Mrs.
Jane Dawson. Miss Mae Foster, Mrs.
I. S. Hobbs. Miss Lucille Wrenn and Mls»
Lettia Blade. The programme was fol
lowed by dancing. Dot S. Mortimer, the
popular president, was the chairman of
the committee of arrangements.
Lincoln Relief Corps.
THE vFAMOUS WAGN'ERIAN CONDUCTOR AND THE CLEVER SOUBRETTE WHO HAVE VOLUNTEERED
THEIR SERVICES IN AID OF THE CHARITY FUND BENEFIT TO BE GIVEN UNDER THE AUSPICES OF
THE THEATRICAL MANAGERS' ASSOCIATION OF THIS CITY.
what Is sport to the few is death to the many,
and In which the spectators halloo and en
courage the strong to set upon the weak, and
cry havoc In th« chase, though they do not
share In the spoil.
. Shakespeare deals out his sharpest sa
tire, however, to an English mob. Though
"The Second Part of Henry VI" is thought
by some not to be wholly the work of
Shakespeare, there can be no doubt that
'he and no other wrote the scenes In which
Jack Cade and his horde of rebels are put
before us. Cade claims to be the grand
son of Edmund Mortimer and so rightful
heir to the throne of England:
Enter George Bevis and John Holland.
BEVIS: I tell thee. Jack Cade, th© clothier,
means to dress the commonwealth, and turn
It. and set a new nap upon It.
HOLLAND: So he had need, for 't i» thread
bare. Well. I say It was never merry world
in England slnee rentlemen came up.
BEVIS: O miserable age! virtue is sat r«
rarded In handicraftsmen.
HOLLAND: The nobility think scorn to gtt
In leather aprons.
BEVIS: Nay, more, the Kins'* council ar*
no good workmen.
HOLLAND: True, and yst it !» said labor
In rhy vocation; which la as much to say as,
let the magistrates be laboring men: and there
tore should we be magistrates.
BEVIS: Thou han hit It; for there'* no bet
ter sign of a brave mind than a hard hand.
'A drum Is heard. Enter Cad», Dick Butcher
and Smith the Weaver, with lnflnlt» numbers.
CADE: W>, John Cade, so termed of our
supposed father^ ¦
DICK (aside): Or rather of ¦teallcr a cad»
of herrings.
CADE: For our enemies shall fall down be
fore us. Inspired with the, spirit of putting
down klnisrs and princes, • • • My father
was a Mortimer
DICK (aside): He was an hocest man and
a rood bricklayer.
CADE: My mother was a Plantajretjet— —
DICK (aside): I knew her well: aha waa a
midwife.
The men who bore the name of Puri
tans were Interested primarily In reli
gious reforms. But they could not de
mand for Parliament the right to discuss
and regulate matters of religion with
out making the same demand in other
fields; Indeed, to their minds religion im
posed rules up*on the whole of life. It
was among the Puritans, especially, that
there appeared a steadily Increasing in
dependence of mind and a spirit of re
sistance to the extreme claims of the
crown.
Opposed to this growing assertlvenesa
of the Parliament and the people stood
the sovereign and the nobles, the repre
sentatives of privilege and Inherited au
thority. There were several facts which
almost forced Shakespeare to dislike &v<i
antagonize the Puritans and to admire
and favor the crown and the nobility.
The Puritans were intensely opposed
to the stage, wishing to suppress all
theatrical performances whatever. Dut
ing Shakespeare's life the Puritan au
thorities of London allowed no playhouse
to exist within their Jurisdiction. All the
theaters of the metropolis were built out
side the city limits. In 1600 the Privy
Council issued an order forbidding that
more than two playhouses be maintained
in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey,
but fortunately this order was never en
forced. What wonder that the references
In 1649 Charles I was beheaded, and
England proclaimed itself a common
wealth. Did "William Shakespeare, who
fled in 1616, appreciate at all the strength
and the promise of the movement which
thought to limit the power of the crown
and to Increase the power of the people?
What was his attitude toward this move
ment?
Copyright, 10OO, by Seymour Eaton.
.
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
SHAKESPEARE AND DEMOCRACY.
Police Officer J. N. Morrissey captured
James Murray, a hanger-on about th<? city
saloons, in the act of relieving John Kane
of his wordly goods in the rear of the
Whale saloon, on Third street, between
Market and Mission, early yesterday
morning. Morrissey had been watching
the actions of Murray for some time and
saw him follow Kane. On entering the
place Murray was caught with his hands
in the pockets of his victim. He was
taken to the City Hall station and booked
on the charge of robbery. •
Officer IX .1. Driscoll caught Henry
Smith in the act of opening the cash reg
ister in a saloon at 44 Turk street yester
day morning at 5 o'clock. He was taken
to "the City Hall station and charged with
an attempt to commit robbery.
A bold attempt to rob was reported at
police headquarters yesterday morning.
Wendell Bernhard, cashier in the Old
Louvre, corner of O'Farrell and Market
streets, was the victim. He reported that
he left the saloon shortly before 3 o'clock
to go to his home, at 12 Moss street. Just
before he reached, his home he noticed
that two men were following him. but he
dtd not 6uspect there was anything wrong.
They came u,p to him rapidly, and one of
them, drawing a revolver and pointing It
at his head, said, "Throw up your hands."
Bernhard was for an Instant nonplussed,
but quickly recovering himself he attacked
the two robbers with an umbrella that he
fortunately had with him at the time,
shouting "Police." The attack was so un
expected that the robbers got scared and
fled. They ran in the direction of Sev
enth street, and Bernhard followed them
to the corner in the expectation of meet
ing a policeman, but none appeared. He
was able to give a good description of the
two men and it will be read to the differ
ent watches.
The police are having ample evidence of
the fact that footpads are in the city, and
although every effort has been made to
capture them they are still at large. "With
in a week the bartenders in two saloons
have been held up and robbed, one in the
Mission Turn Verein Hall and the other
in Fred Siefert's saloon, on Berry street,
between Third and Fourth.
Fights Off His Assailants With an
Umbrella and the Robbers
SpaIt Knfptv in
FOOTPADS KEEP
HARD AT WORK
Bold Attempt Made to Hold
Up Wendell Bernhard
on Moss Street.
¦ iflgijg ot two dollars In your pocket.
/ I '7' John, that you don't need un
i l^w til morning?" asked a gentlo
¦L I j man of John Morrisey at the
Orpheum, during an lnterm'.s-
eion last night.
"Certainly," said the man
ager, producing two shining coins of the
realm; "here you are."
"Well, take this for security," and the
astonished Morrisey waa handed a ticket
for the benefit In aid of the -charity fund
of the Associated Theatrical Managers
of San Francisco, to be held at the Or
pheum on Thursday.
EVERY PLAYHOUSE TO GIVE
ITS BEST FOR BIG BENEFIT
PROSPEROUS
SHIPPING YEAR
Interesting Figures Con
tained in Commissioner
Chamberlain's Report.
Says the Passag-e of a Subsidy Bill
Would Give,A Great Stim
ulus to Shlp-
Building. .
Comparisons arc made with foreign sub
sidies to fast steamships, which aggregate j
S20.000JOOO annually, and the report holds i
that th*» subsidies proposed for similar
American steamships are .not more than !
r.dequate to secure American ocean mall |
services to the great continents, equlva- !
Ipnt to those of Great Britain. Germany !
¦ld4 France.
In the past s'.xty years Great Britain
and her colonies have spent over $249,-
DO9.4XM for British ocean mall steamships.
On thf basis of foreign voyages actually
rna*ie by American vessels aggregating
BOSjOOQ gross tons, during the year 1S99,
the report Fays, the expenditures under
the Senate subsidy bill would have been
J2.«J7.(KtO and under the House bills J2.7&0.-
OOQL Details and estimates show that, with
th<» additional shipping eligible, the cost
during the first year of the bill's opera
tion would be about $4,500,000. The maxi
mum of $9,000,000. it Is said, probably would
ho attained during 1904-5. when a reduc
tion of subsidy rates would be necessary.
Bv that time the bulldinp of 600,000 tons
at ocean steamships and the necessary
Increase In number and extent of our
shipyards, the report declares, would have
materially reduced the cost of thip-bulld
fr.? In the United States, compared
with <ir*-at Britain and Germany. Under
th<» bill in Dtc years American steamships
In foreign trade, it is stated, would-doubt
jr-ps reach l.^.OOO tons and sail vessels !
CiO.000 tons, sufficient to carry about one- i
third of our ocean trade. I
Mr. Chamberlain reviews In some detail
the bills report «<3 to th<> Senate and House
of Representatives knov.-n as the subsidy
hills, ar.d gives illustrations of the dif
ferences in cost cf building and operating
American and Rritish steamships at the
present time. He says the subsidies pro
posed generally equalize those differences.
A freight steamship carrying 60W
tons cargo now costs $273,000 In the
United Slates, compared with $214,000 In
Great PritaJn. though steel Js much
cheaper here than abroad. Besides labor
cost, the British advantage He6 in the
enormous scale of production. Great Brit
ain being the worlds "department store"
nf shipping. Monthly wages on the
American \espels are 3X200 against $900 on
the British ship.
Our tonnage Is distributed between the I
Atlantic an-i gulf coasts. 2.727.892 pross
tons; groat lakes. I.Sm.S 1^ tons; Pacific j
Ccaat. including Hawaii. •312.904 tons; Mis- ¦
sissippf and tributary rivers. 25S.456 tons, j
The increase in our Fhlpping during the
decade was 7i r >.?i2 tons, of which 184,512 1
tons was do the Pacific Coast, and was :
due mainly to Alaskan and Hawaiian !
trade. The eff^ctjvf" carrying power of !
the world's merchants fleets has increased j
60 per cent.
The report says the coasting law and Us !
recent extensions, our heavy expenditures I
for naval construction and the building of I
vessels to replace those bought for trace- j
ports and the postal subsidy law havs !
given etcel shipbuilding its recent Eimu- i
lus.
Our tenra^e In the foreign trade was :
only S16.TS5 tons, and carried this year j
<-rily B per cent of our experts and im- j
ports. A cemury ago American shipping: ]
registered for foreign tr.idc was C09.G21 !
tons, while this tonnage bow !r. the thir- j
t*»en original States ansur.ts to 4R2.9J7 |
tons. \
The report says that fcr serious com- !
petition with foreign nations in the ocean ;
carrying trade v.-e arc practically restrict- j
ed to ninety-seven re*r?f:tered steamships i
of over lO'X" tons, appregatin? 250.32" ton3. !
Single steamship ccrporatin:i£ cv, n greater '
tonnage. Japan has eighty-three ocean
Eteun*hi|M or over 2W) tons, aggregating ¦
EM5.3W tons. Hes ; des these ft earn shifts, wt
have 125 registered s^uaifc-rigtred sail vep
eels=. over leOD tons each, for the deep sea
trade. More thar. half of these are over
twenty years eld and as cuch vessels dis
appear their places are not supplied by
For the first time sirce the Civil War
the documented tonnage of the United
Plates exceeds 5.000.900 tons. On June 30,
1SW, American documented tor.nage com
prised 23.303 vessels, of 5.1M.R49 pross tons.
en Increase of 300.000 tons over the pre
vious year. Our maximum Tonnage was
r.f.39,813 tons in ISO. Our sh'ppir.K. the re
port adds, la 1SG1 was larger than Fiance
and Germany and r.carly equaled the
British empire. American \-<=ssels «re
almost -wholly confined to the ccastinj
irtde, which employed last year 4.S28.145
tors, or more than the total tonnage of
< iennany ajid Prance.
British shipping; nevr amounts to H.261,
000 groFs tons.
WASHINGTON, Nov. IS.-The report of
Commissioner of Navigation Chamberlain
*ays the last fiscal year has been the
most prosperous period known to Ameri
can shipping for yecrs. Returns for the
current fiscal year premise an even more
patisfactory condition
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAIiL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1900.
Map of the Shakespeare Country.
San Francisco Bank, Limited, south line of IT
street, 95 feet east from Twelfth avenue, 25x100,
$1500.
The larger mortgages of the week have
been as follows:
John and Ada' M. Hlnkel to the German Sav
ings and Loan Society, east line of Valencia
street, 145 north of Sixteenth, 60x100, $12,000, for
one year at 7 per cent; Clemens L. RlciUer to
the Hibernla Savings and Loan Society, north
line of Geary street. 137:6 west of Jones, tl4,o00
for one year at 6 per cent; Chutes Company to
George W. Hendry, southeast corner of C street
and Tenth avenue, and northeast corner of
Tenth avenue and D street, $13,000 for five years
a 6 per cent; Ellen J. Hyde, Frances ,A. and
Camlllo Martin to the' Hibernla Savings and
Loan Society, northwest line of Market street,
240:8 southwest of Montgomery, $25,000 for one
year at 6 per cent; Caroline A.. Walter, Edgar
M. and Oscar and Jerome Painter to the H1
bernia Savings and Loan Society, north line of
Clay street, 67:6 east of Battery. 40x45:10, and
northeast cornar of Powell and Filbert streets,
6R:9xl37:6, $18,000 for one year at- 6 per cent;
Kdmund Schnutenhaus and Louis Pockwltz to
the Hibernla Savings and Loan Society, east
line of Valencia street, 260 feet south of Slx
tefnth, 75x87:6, $10,000 for one year at 6 per
cent.
The releases numbered sixty-five and
were similarly small in amount. The
larger were: Union Trust Company to
Joseph Buttgenbach, southwest line of
Fourth Htreet, 275 feet southwest from
Folfsom. $15,000; Humboldt Savings Bank
to Augusta I*. Ohm, south line of Geary
Btreet. 137:6 west from Stockton, 82:6x137:6,
$15,500.
Building contracts are as follows:
Henry A. Rtelllng with George de HofT, for a
two-story frame building, on the west line of
Folsom street, 35 feet north of Fifteenth, $2491;
Mrs. Annie B. Voorhies with J. R. MaeGregor,
for a three-story and basement office building,
on the northeast corner of Van Ness and Fern
avenues. $15,136: Thomas G. Taylor with W. L.
Holman, for. electric and sidewalk elevators,
in four-story and basement brick building, on
the southwest line of Beale street. 229:2 feet
northwest of Mission, $3325; John and Abbie R.
Murch, <or a two-story and basement and attic
frame structure, on the east line of Shrader
street, 100 feet north of Frederick, $2340; John
G. Wllklns with -I. W. Coburn, for a two-story
frame building, on the northwest corner of Fred
erick and Tremont streets, $3330; Mrs. Johanna.
Henneberry with John Kenneally, for a one-
Story and basement frame cottage, on the east
line of Minnesota street, 291:6 north of Twenty
second, $1523; James L. Flood with J. R. Tobin,
lathing . and plastering for a three-story and
basement residence, on the north line of Broad
way, 137:6 west of. Buchanan street, $3711; A.
Swanson with Fred Miller, for excavation,
brick and > concrete ¦ work, : marble " steps, plas
tering, and plumbing, -for a ' two-story
basement and attic building on •' east
line ? of Masonic . - avenue. 153 ¦ feet north
or ¦ Frederick - street. $4141; Adolph C.
Boldemann with Fred Miller, for same sort of
work; for same style of building, adjoining
property of A. Swanson, $4243: Hugh Tevis with
M. J., Savage,. for a two-story frame dwelling,
on i north line o£ Broadway, 159 feet north of
Devisadero street, $8455; Central Park Amuse
ment Company with James McKendrick, for
metal lathing, plastering, setting of ornamental
staff work and plaster, in theater building, on
the south - line of Market street, i between Sev
enth and Eighth, -$3785; San Francisco Drydock
Company with City Street Improvement Com
pany, for all work for a' complete drydock at
Hunters Point. $404,000.
Baldwin :& Howell report the following
recent sales: . ¦-.,"
Lot v and improvements on the east side rf
Van Ness avenue, 60 feet north of Turk street,
30x100, c $14,500; , lot ', and Improvement* on the
Emily Turner to John Schmidt, north line of
Lombard street. 193:6 ea«t from Fill more. 26:6x
120, JlWKt; Charlotte E. Morgan et al. to Marian
M. Gagnf, eouth line of Lombard street. 137:«
*«t from Pierce, 50x137:6 |1500; California
Title Insurance and TrjiFt Company to Morris
Goldstein, south line of Thirteenth street. 75
feet west from Treat avenue, 25x80. $1215; John
and Sophia Elder to Joseph K. Grant, south
line of Twenty-first street, 254:6 west from
Church, 60:11x114, tflla; Amanda Koch to Maria
Backman. east line of Forty-eichth avenue,
100 feet eouth from J street. 2T>xl20, $1000; Susan
H. Gray to Olive Verkouteren. north line of
Sixth avenue (South), 200 feet east from K
ttreet. lot 235. block 93, Central Park Home
itead, »5O0; E. Avery and Lilian L. McCarthy
to Ralph S. Thompson south line of Clay
*tr*et. 102:6 west from Locust. 33x102:8. J35i)0:
Ulbernla Savins* and Loan Society to Lucy
Labadle, west line of Sanchez street, 26:8 south
from Eighteenth. 25x105. $750: I. L. Hoffman
to Giovanni Solarl and Glovatta Podesta, east
line of Leavenworth street. 20 feet north from
Clay, 60x81:6, also right of way over north line
of Clay street, 82:5 east from Leavenworth, also
agreement not to build on certain properties,
11100; Walter B. Reed et al. to Catne C. Slaw
son, southeast comer of Amador and Dela
ware. 100x200, northeast corner Uruguay and
Kaekankla. 255:7x3!«€:9V4. and northeast cortu-r
of Madagascar and Von Schmidt, 300x200, |336;
John and Ada M. Hlnkel to John J. Powers,
west line of Twenty-fifth avenue. 200 feet north
from. Point Lobos avenue, 25x130. $500; D. S.
Rosenbaum to Rachel Isaac, Jot 6. block 12,
College Homestead Association, }200; Jacob and
Una Heyman to Claus Waller, south line of
Sadowa, 375 east from Capitol, 25x125. $300: Rob
ert E. and Jenine Cranston to John T. and Mary
A. Redmond, north line of Halcht, 112:$ feet
west from Devisadero. 55x137:6, $3000; German
Savings and Loan Society to J. Charles Green,
lot 4, block 4, Marion Tract. $6o0c; Kate I*
Logan to William B. Princle, southwest line
of Steuart, 1S3:4 southeast of. Mission, 45:10x
137:6. 1500; Maximilian A. Grisaret al. to thi
Southern Pacific Company, west line of Iowa,
125 feet north from Butfe, irregular piece,
$3000; Mary E. Hill to William Corbin, south
east corner Park road and South Broderlck,
$11,000; Mrs. James O'Donnell to Margaret
O'Donnell, south line of Sadowa, 49 feet east
from Orizaba, 24:6x123, $500; Sophy R. Reynolds
to A. C. Hussey, southwest corner. Rip.
ley and Columbia place, 80:9x120, $1000;
'Mary "A. McNamara to t-.e Roman
Catholic ArcbbishoD of San Francisco, lotm
The outlook In the realty field is a
source of satisfaction to all the parties
and interests concerned. The inquiry for
in\-*stment properties is steady and much
Eastern capital Is likely to flow into San
Francisco In the near future. Letters
from cool-headed men of business in
the East have been received that tell of
the growing confidence they all have in
the future great prosperity of San Fran
cisco. A striking fact. is the list of ad
vantag-eoU3 leases which property owners
have been able to effect for holdings in
the business sections of the city. Busi
ness concerns from the interior are mak
ing investigations concerning the chance
to get locations suitable to their needs.
The Southern Pacific Company is buying
land still in the southern part of the city.
Brokers attribute to the company the pur
chase of 1&0 feet on the northeast line of
Beale street, southeast from Folsom, the
price of which, aa placed on record, was
*58,009.
Deeds have been placed on record in
which a consideration is named as fol
lows :
• •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
XI.
"What are you doing In my house?" de-
manded the owner of the premises/ sud-
denly appearing on the scene In his night
shirt and carrying a huge revolver.
"I am taking active steps to get out of
it!" replied the burglar, vanishing
through the window without taking the
trouble to open it.— Chicago Tribua*.
GRAPE-NUTS.
I /£ the: cost
§ 0/=^ MEAT
I RICH CREAM
% WITH
I Grape-Nuts
O A charming dish
An ideal portion of breakfast is that
obtained from, say, four teaspoons of
Grape-Nuts and a little pure, thick
cream, either cold or hot.
This is one of the most delicious
<iii=hes imaginable and is served with-
out cooking or trouble of any kind and
o-innot he equaled in point of fopd value
for the human body.
Made by the Postum Co.. at Battle
Creek, Mich.
The Grape-Xuts, consisting larerelv
of grape-sugar, have passed through
processes similar to the first act of di-
L ration an< * are therefore most easily
'digested, and in combination with
rream they render the cream itself
easy of digestion.
Grocers sell Grape-Nuts.
One of the most valuable items iv
one's dietary is good, rich cream. The
remark is frequently made that "cream
is tod expensive to use freely." Some
;-eop!e think they must have meat
every day at io and 25 cents per pound
and do not realize that 5 cents' worth
of pure cream for breakfast will do
more to put on flesh than 25 or .10 cents'
worth of meat.
As Compared With Meat,
VALUE OF CREAMTHE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1900.
8
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
A COMPETENT^ middle-aged woman, fine
I American cook and baker, wants steady place
in city or country; moderate wages. Call 12«
Fourth st.. room 10.
A RESPECTABLE girl wanU position tocare
for, baby and assist or to help in bakery,
wages $15. Call at 33 Fifth st.
YOUNG woman wants situation: light house-
work, cooking. 1231 Market st.
A WELL educated French young lady
a situation In American family as maid; no
objection to light upstairs work; best ol rei-
erences. Box 2S9, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation: house-
keeper or invalid; city or country. 124 Welch
st. near Fourth. '
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy: prl-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
MIDDLE-AGED' German girl. Just out, for
plain housekeeping. ASMUSSEN, 718 Valen-
cla at. . __
I WOULD be thankful for sewing, mending,
etc.: would do it most reasonable, or go out
by day; sleep home. Please call 215 Polk St.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wishes posi-
tion to do light houHowork in American fam-
ily; can give good references; small wages. |
Address Box 214, Call office. *
•WELL-BRED German girl . wants P<»» tlon "
nureeglrl; German family preferred. 4 Wolfe
St., near Army.
SITUATION as housekeeper by woman with a
girl 14; country preferred. Apply 1148 Mls-
elon at. bet Seventh and Eighth.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night, $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
PI_CASA^Tr~ge_Ue_mniy young "college ma-
would like position aa private secretary or
companion. Box 835, Call office.
YOUNO man wants worlt around private place;
can milk; _n_U wages. Box 836. Call office.
YOUNO man of 20, with 3 years' experience as
blacksmith's heli>er. wishes a like position,
with a chance to learn the trade; good refer-
ence. Box S5S, Call office.
STEADY, reliable man. working part of time,
would like to have some engagement for Sat-
urdays or from 8 to 12 o'clock every evening.
Addrtss box S57. Call. : _
LICENSED engineer (machinist), sober and re-
llable, thoroughly experienced with Eteam,
electric, ice and refrigerating planta. wishes
situation; city or elsewhere. Box 825. Call.
SITUATION wanted to take care of ranch by
man understanding orchard, vineyard and
general, farm work, vegetable gardening and
poultry raising. Address box 2S0, Call office.
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California. 526 Mont-
gomery gt. ' _;
BARTENDER, sober, reliable young man.
wishes permanent position. Address box 292,
Call.
SOBER man would like to work part of day
in exchange for room rent and board. Box
817. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a pober. reliable mld-
dle-aged man as watchman; good references.
Address P. MAY. 641 Commercial st.
BAKER foreman, reliable and steady, wants
work as such; fair cake baker. Address
Baker, 225 Third St., Oakland.
YOUNG man desires position as bookkeeper or
offlce assistant; reference furnished. Box
242. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wishes a situation as a waiter.
Please address 424A Powell st, or call tel.
Larkln 828. H. KATANO.
HONEST young Japanese boy wishes position
aa school boy or housework. Addrees S. O.,
S05 Dupont st.
tJCO.000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, stiver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
SOBER middle-aged man would like a position
as watchman; references. Inquire 416 Sixth.
POSITION wanted by experienced fireman;
first-class man. Address O. R., 27 Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Killmore st.
exchange:.
HOUSE and lot in Oakland to exchange for
horses. Box 273. Call offlc«.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician, 910'Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A — 8-ROOM flat: corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no children.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000, at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave.
BUNNY flats, 8 and 4 rooms, bath. Howard
st, between Twelfth and Thirteenth; key at
1686 Howard st
UPPER flat 8 rooms and porcelain bath. 541
Castro St., near Nineteenth.
$7 — t-ROOM flats on Victor st, off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant.
$25— SUNNY bay-window, newly renovated,
modern. 7 rooms, bath. 1708 Washington st.
" FURNITURE FOR SALE. '•
NEW and elegant furniture of a new modern
flat of 8 rooms: no dealers. 834 Hayes st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 DO, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURK! WANTED.
$20,000 WORTH of furniture wanted imme-
diately for cash. 1182 Mission St., near Eighth.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
• furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WA.NTED FJ-jfALE.
C R. HANSEX & CO... Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Arirona. $20, free transportation,
call early; 3 waitresses, different country
hotels, $20; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 2 lunch and
dinner waitresses. $20; lunch waitress, $3 60;
4 chambermaids to wait, city and country,
$20; woman cook, small hotel, $30; woman
cook, small restaurant, $30, and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Seamstress and nurse for grown child. $18;
houserlrl. Oakland, $25; French housegirl,
$25; a number of young nurseglrls, some sleep
home, $10 to $12; and GO hou/segirls for city
and country at going wages.
C. R. HANSE7N _ CO 104 Oeary st.
SECOND girl, Oakland. $25; cook. $30; house-
keeper, $15; woman with a child, $15; cham-
bermaid, $20; waitress, $20; housegirl, 2 In
family, $30; housegirl. 4 In family, $30. MRS.
NORTON. 318 Sutter st. ¦
GIRLS for housework: good pay; 'waiters and
cooks. Pacific Employment Agency, 9 Geary.
OPERATORS, •xperlenced, on Blnger chain-
stitch machine; electric power; men's neck-
wear; steady work: inside only. Pacific Neck-
wear Co.. 16 Sutter st.
BY a widower, middle-aged woman to do gen-
eral housework and take care of children.
8329 Twenty-gecond st.
AN educated girl for light second 'work and
waiting; good reader; sleep; home; $13. 710
Leavenworth at. . ¦ '
COMPETENT girl for housework and cooking
for 3; no washing; Sundays off. Call before
10 a. m. at S01 Jones st.
WANTED— Good pants finishers; good pay;
steady work. 2229H Mission Bt. • .
FINISHERS on custom coats wanted; steady
work; good- wages. 304 Tehama st
A FINISHER on custom coats; one can make
buttonholes. 410 Kearny St., room 34.
VEST hands, from $8 to $12; also apprentice, at
641_ Stevenson st. -
inONERS wanted. Empire Laundry Co.. 755
Bryant st. '"---¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦-'¦"-
GIRL, to assist with housework; wages $16, 1279
O'Farrell st. '
SALESLADY for hosiery or lace department.
Box 227, Call office. ¦%¦¦¦-
WANTED— Waitress for restaurant; after-
noons off; $20.. 680 Fourth st.
WANTED— Neat girl to assist In light house-
work. Call 829 Goldj|njGate_ave.
WANTED— Flrst-cla«s waitress for coffee and
lunch house; $6 a week; references. 32 Sixth.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework!
sleep home. Apply 1434 Leavenworth st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. 8443
Twentieth st. corner Capp.
YOUNG eirl to assist in * housework. 8190 Six-
teenth St.. near Guerrero. '
A WOMAN to do plain cooking, j 1612H Ftolsom
-street. ,' ",...-. , "¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦ ."- ~ : ' - '- v ¦ •¦
A NEAT fir! for Moond work; wrtnraoea. 11«
• aFarr*!! st. ---•¦;.- -:'\v';^ ¦¦¦ "' . •
HELP WANTED — FEMAI — O.
GIRL* wanted for downstairs work and cook-
ing. Call after 10 o'clock, 838 Union st.
SMALL girl wanted to assist in light house-
work; can sleep home. 328 Eddy Bt.
A. FEW operators on white work and shirt
waists- experienced hands only need apply.
BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Banaoma st.
WHOLESALE house desires - a wide awake
woman to travel; permanent positions. — ex
310. Call office. "
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' ™te\*\
electric power; steady work; can make »iu
per week. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market St.
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee "hlrts; steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co.. 27 Jessie st.
fcORROW money on Eealskins. silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
GIRL to assist in light housework and care for
baby; good home. 1632 McAllister at.
GOOD finisher on pants. 83 Third St. up-
stairs.
WANTED— Girl to do general housework. 833
O'Farrell st. '
APPRENTICE girls to learn art leather work;
small wages. 518 Webster St.. 2 p. m. ;
GIRL to assist In general housework; w_ges
$20. 1115 Pierce st. :
PRESSER on flannel coats. 636 Clay et., room
5. upstairs.
TOUNG lady to learn to be a medium and
travel with professional man. Box 332. Call.
APPRENTICES on cuetom coats. 641 Market
street. • __
WANTED— Lady agents to sell photo coupons
in Mission; good money to rustlers. 2239 Mlssn.
WANTED-Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom at., bet 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, S200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 10* Geary »t.
A NOTICE
All coal miners in this State or out of the
Btate who want to go to Gallup, New Mex-
ico, best wages, free fare,- can see supenn :
tendent Thursday, November 22, in out office;
correspondence solicited. For particulars apply
C R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary it.
RAILROAD WORK
Teamsters, tunnelmen, stonemasons, stone-
cutters, carpenters, free fare
Miners, asphalt mine, $2 a day; 10 larmers
for orchard work, $20 and board, long job;
lather, $2 per thousand and board.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
• Hotel chef. $100: hotel man, *S0; meat cook,
country hotel, $50, fare paid; oook, institu-
tion, $60; second cook, country restaurant,
$40, fare paid; third and fourth hands for
baker shop. $35 and $25; bell boy, country
hotel, $15; 6 dishwashers and kitchen hands,
$20, $25 and $30; shampooer. Turkish baths, $._.
. C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Qeary at.
OFFICE boy for this office,
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary »_
A COLORED waiter for country club: $35 and
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S1S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT. 7 A. M. MONDAY
Greenhouse and florist gardener.... $33 and fd
Wagonmakers, stablemen, dairymen
24 farm hands and teamsters.. $28 and found
WE SHIP MONDAY FARE PAID
60 tiemakers, 9c to 12c. tools furnished; wood-
choppers, $1 to $3 cord, tools and provisions
furnished..
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
A— BAKER for an Institution. Catholic pre-
ferred; washers and starchers; 16 cooks, SZO
to $50 and found; also second cooks. $35 an>1
$40; bakers, also second and third hands;
butter man for delicatessen store; German
waiter. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— BLACKSMITH; country shop; see boss here
10 a. m. to-day. MURRAY & READY. 634-
C36 Clay Bt.
A— WANTED— Experienced driver for milk
wagon; references required; $35 and found.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— CARPENTERS, 6 cabinetmakers. 8 bench
hands, ehaper and band sawyer, 2 sash and
door men, 2 sticker hands. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny st.. room 9; non-
union mechanics please register; new Jobs
dally; no office fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— A . No. 1 traveling salesman for
woolens and tailor trimmings; references.
Address L. SANGER, 616 Third ave.. Seattle,
Wash. ¦ -
WANTED— Good carpenter or stalrbullder for
finishing stair work. Corner Stelner and
Washington sta.
COATMAKER tor country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
BARBER for country town, near city; good
wages. Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
WANTED— Good barber Monday morning at
459 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
GOOD honest errand boy wanted at 641% Stev-
enson st.
WANTED— Boy IS years of age; ref. required.
Sahleln's Bon Ton Millinery, 873 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS dishwastier and 2 lunch walt-
era wanted. Restaurant. 28 First st.
BOY 16 to 18 years, rood education. In archi-
tect's office. Address box 334. Call.
YOUNO man, 17 to 19. to work and learn the
saloon business. SE. cor. Clay and Davis st9.
WAITER wanted. 16 Eddy street
YOUNG man to drive meat wagon: with some
experience. 2299 Market st. cor Noe.
EXPERIENCED boy to wait at table; small
restaurant. 369 Hayes st. -^
"WANTED— A good, steady barber at 403 Third
street.
WANTED — A man who understands , nursery
work and jobbing gardening. GOO Haight st
WANTED— Boarding-house cook. Eastlake Ho-
tel, SW. cor. Bay and Webster sts.
¦ ¦ ,
WANTED— A night cook at 207 Third st.
WANTED— Plumber with kit CaU at 848
Howard st
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
Pklns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WANTED— Salesman calling on country store
trade to sell our selected line of dry .goods on
commission, as a side line only, for spring
trade. FRANK D. LA LANNE & CO., Phila 1 -
delphla. Pa. ¦
WANTED— First-class ladies' tailor; steady
work; high wages; also first-class coatmaker.
Address P. GLJXMAN. Vallejo.
JKW15-ERS. 818 Bush st, third floor, room 4.
WANTED— Boy or young man. 3068 Twenty-
fifth St., near Harrison.
FIRST-CLASS sash and door bench hand for
country; call Monday. 676 Mission st.
COATMAKER or pantsmaker can have eeat-
room by himself. 104 Kearny. tailor shop.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 23c
to 60c. B62 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d st».
HAND laundryman as washer and starcher:
good wages. Apply E. J. COUCH. Stanford
Hand Laundry. Palo Alto. Cal. ¦
$100— PARTNER wanted In small restaurant;
clears 180 month; no experlenc* necessary.
406 Fourth si. __;
WANTED— Honest aged man aa companion for
winter: Catholic preferred: free room, stove
and fuel. WM. D. DONOVAN. 1S18 lTth at.
WANTED— A couple, German preferred ; man
to do general work on ranch; wife to do gen-
eral housework ; >VP£ly_J|ox_J84 I _C^ll_Dfflce ; _
ALL sires men's shoes, .slightly damaged, half
, price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
: 20c. Boston House, 930 Howard St.
"WANTED — A place to stop for the winter — This
can be found at the Adams House. 513 Sacra-
mento St., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms ; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required: position guaranteed ; special
"inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
WANTED— Experienced electrical wirehian;
must be steady and reliable man; wages $3
per day. Bakersneld Gas and Electric Light
Company. Bakersneld. . Cal. .
PENSIONS— J.. H. Shepard & Co., old, reliable
firm, 806 Market, rm. 40, Phelan bldg.; pension
vouchers executed. 2Sc: advice free.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world.. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart
MEN and women to learn barber trade. . S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st,
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; tree
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
; lenda st. . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions:
[ received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
SAX FRANCISCO CAXI_
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Fr_-_seo
Csll. comer of Market and Third streets; open
until _! o'clock every nlg-t in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— _3 Montgomery street. |
corner Clay; open until 9:80 p. m.
100 Hayes street: open until 8:30 p. m.
€3> McAllister street; open until S:SO p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1W1 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
82€1 M-riet street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. r_
106 Eleventh etreet; cpen until 5 J>. m.
1096 Valencia street; o;>en until 9 p. in-
North west corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tuck}" streets; open uctil 9 p. — w
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Command»ry No. 16. K- .=_^
T Gulden Gate buildinc. «25 fc-utter st- TfflB
-Staled arseinbly THIS EVENING at £~
t o'clock The Order of the Temple ftjl
will be conferred. All fr_ters are cour- V
teo_sly !«££•«£__. McM - n ___ s . Em. Com.
WM. T. PONI>A. Recorder.
RAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal
Arch __eons. meets THIS EVENING. ]\J\
Business and — L M. degree _____
OCCIDENTAL Lode* No. 22, F. and A. «
M.-TI11S (MONDAY) EVENING, at -i\_
7.30 o'clock. Second Degree. By order }Lj\*
of the \v. M. / ~r *
WALTER G. ANDERS iON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodre No. 1?7, F. and A- «
M.-C_Ued tr-eetlnr THIS DAT (MON- _JV_
1)AY). November 1». liOO. at "^?7W\
o'clock p m. Dear. 1. By order of the / ~r i
W. M. I- SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
KINO SOLOMON'S Lod«» No. 260. F. ji
and A. _L. Fra-klln Hall. FlUmore sL, £\
between Bush and Sutter— Third degree jLjX.
THIS EVENTING al T:SO. ' v *
HA-RRY BAJ— —R. S-oreUjy.
MAGNOLIA Lodffe No. 29, L O. O. __-**«*>,
F., TI'E-DAT EVENING. N»-^Sfe
vember 25. receive* of-dal visit 5S5>~5s5r
rrom Grand M— ster W. W. Wax- -'•wnv*'-
son and lnlti—U— — ean_d_te.
3. T. JONES. N. O.
&__TC__ PQLACK. Secretary.
OFFICERS and Members of Draymen _sT)_w
and T____ters' Union will meet at CxSftjL
loigerooza TUESDAT. November 20. Cj»p_^
_t 1 o'clock, to attend the funeral of V/^TX
our late brother meiaber. HENKX 1 '
J I____XR8.
H. DUTTON, Pr_«td___
TTa_ POOL T. Secretary-
ANNUAL meeting— The rer-lar annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Honolulu Planta-
tion Cc_ipe_y will be held at the office cf
the company. No. 827 Market street. San
Francisco. California, on MONDAY, the lSta
day of NovM-ber. 1SO0, at the hour of 11
o'clock e. tn.. fcr the purpose of electing a
beard of directors to serve for the ensuing
•¦•ar, and the transaction of such other busi-
ce_B as may come before the meeting. Tra_&-
ler books will close on Thursday, November
1. I9U0. at 2 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ATIXTTAL zmwt'.njr— The rerolar annual meeting
of tbe stocknolders of the Honolulu Sugar
Compeer will be held at the office of the com-
part. No. TX1 Market rtreet. S*n Francisco.
California, oa MONDAY, the l»th day of No-
vembw, 1900. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of eleotine a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing- year, and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Thursday. November 8. 1300. at
£ o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON'. Secretary.
NOTICK TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
PAN FRANCISCO DRT DOCK COMPANY is j
hereby given that, in pursuance of a resolu- :
tion of the Board of Directors of said com- '
rany, unanimously adopted at a meeting of !
fa'.a board, held at the ofHce of the com- j
peny. in the city and oounty cf San Francisco, j
ftate of California, on the Z5ih day of Octo- j
ber, ifiJO. a meeting: of the stockholders of the ;
Ban Francisco Dry Dock Company will be j
held at the office of the company, number 3C3 ,
California street, San Francisco. California ,
(the eame being the principal place of busi- j
ness of said corporation and tbe building* '
where the Board of Directors usually meet). ;
en Tuesday, the £th day of January. 1&*L at j
the hour of 10 o'clock t, n_, for the purpose ,
oC con*lderi__ and acting upon the proposi- I
tion to create a bonded indebtedness of said j
corporation to the amount in the aggreg— te of
f.re hundred thoueand (1500,000) dollars.
United States cold coin, for the purpose of !
ralslnp funds to be used in building and j
equipping a new <irydock. and for other leglti- j
mate and nec^sary purposes cf the corpora- i
tien, E'jch bonded lndebtcdnees to be secured
by a mortgage or deed of trust upon all the
property cow owned by eald corporation, or
which it rc_y hereafter acquire.
By crder of t_e Board of Directors.
W. F. RUSSELL,
Becretary of Ban Francisco Dry Dock Cons-
v&^y^ '.
THE California. Debris Con— nlsston. na/vlng re-
ceived applies- tions to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from F. D. Coward et a_, in the
Undine acd May Day placer mines, consoli-
dated, necr Gold Lake, Sierra County, to de-
poeit tsiUngs in a worked-out pit: from Mrs.
Annie E. Jones, In the Nugret placer mine,
ntar JohnFville, Plumas County, to deposit
tailings in Hopkins Creek; from C. D. Ha_-
zard, in the Plumas Imperial Mine No. 2,
near Quincy. 1'iuman County, to deposit tail-
Sngs in Slate Creek; from David Corbett, In
the Golden Gate Mine, near Glbsonville, Eier-
ra County, to deposit tailings in Wisconsin
ravine, and from Charles 6chneider. the
American —Cine, near Spanish Ranch. Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in a ravln«. gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
C?. Flood building, 8*n Francisco, Cal., on
December 3, 1S00, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting cf the stockholders of the Pa&uhau
Eufrar Pl_nta.Uon Company will be held at
the cfSce of the company. No. 827 Market St..
Ean Francisco. Cal., en SATURDAY, the 1st
day of December, 1900, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. cj.. for the purpose of electing a
riojird of directors to serve for the rasuinp
year and the transaction of *uch other busi-
r.»*s e_ may come before the meeting-. Trar_-
fer boots will close on TUESDAY. November
2Q. ZitOO. at 2 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. 6ecret_ry.
ALL can borrow money on el!ks, oil paintings
and burgles from COLLATERAL BANK. 15 i
Grant ave.. near Market ft. i
AG-KTS WASTED.
ORGANIZERS, ladles or gentlemen, wanted by
Eastern benefit order; exclusive territory; big
pay; permanent position; work in 6. F. or
elsewhere in California. Box 802. Call office.
I_VDY agents; big commission; easy seller.
9 to 12. 2405 Sutter et.
BECURE airency Xmas novelty; B_mj>le 10c
Eaft Import A— 'ents* Supply Co.. 1125 Market-
ASPHALTCM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired : p<«*al. 1186 Mission; t*l. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
trR. C. TOUSEY TAYLOR. ScTentlflo Astrolo-
iTPr— Free copy "The New Moon.'* 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. TT. KING. 527 Market St., «th floor, room C27
—Cttates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fee*; no advance
charges; loans on eetates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without ruccets; collections. O. w.
HOWE, atty at law, 150 Market, cor. Stockton.
X. EDW. JAHRETTT Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts. : phone Red ££_.
ADVICE fre«; no charge unless successful. W.
Y.\ Davidson. $27 Market rt.. opp. Masoo.
J_ 6. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. IJ7 Mar-
ket rt. : conraltatlon free; no fees In adv_ao_
DATH CABIXBTi.
EOBTNBON. Klagara. Perfection and ether*, w".
6. BROWN CO.. turency. _* Ellis St.. S. F.
UICYCLES— For Bale or Exchange. •
COASTER brakes; V 60. put oo. ALLEN, 801
Larkln «t.
DOAItm.\G FOR CUILDIUCxi
EZFINED ladr would take a cMld%©~bo_rd!
good home. 170 Fell rt. ¦
BUSINESS CHAXCE9.
X— 1150; SHOEMAKER repairing shop oa Third
et., dolnr from tSS to t.i0 work every week- a
r—re chance. Call R. O. 'WILKE, -26V4 Kearny.
A— OLD _*ta_l__ed ranejr grocery, wine and
llQuor store; established for years a_d known
as a fim-cla-s paying businees; half interest
for eale; price J3KO: retiring partner leaving
for north. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26^4
K'kjT.y st.
A— $3500; WINE and liquor ealooa doing- a
splendid business; established 8 years;
choicest location on Market et.; rent $100;
long leate. Call R. O. WILK_» 26U, Kearny.
A — SS30; OTETb'K _nd chop bouse, opposite R.R.
depot, across the bay; daily receipts JJO; rent
?_¦¦ Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — S—.00: CL_ATCTN"G. dyeing works and reno-
v_Un_ of fct :.is' clothing; established for many
years; a celar monthly profit of $250 guaran-
teed; knowledge of busiaeas not necessary; a
rare chance, but must be taken at once. Call
n. G. WILKB. 26% Keamy s_
A-45000; BALOON on Market St.; rent $75, In-
cludiag 11 furnished rooms: dally receipts
ebout J.'O; mercantile lunch; lease; first -class'
paying proposition. P_rticulars R. G. WILK-E,
2Wt Kearny ct- -
A— $SSO; CORNER salooa la w_ol--l» filstrict:
place ectab. years: good paying; no night or
__aday work. R. G. W___E, 26H Ke_my sC
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
A— $5000; HOTEL with 67 rooms, dining-room
and bar; rent $150; located 1 block from Call
building; established years; known as the
best-paying second-cl— es hotel in this city;
Investigate and you will find a splendid busi-
ness^
A-J4C0; BUTCHER shop on Valencia- St.;
monthly receipts about $1200; celling 4 cat-
tle p?r week; low rent: owner engaged other-
wise; must sell at one*. R. G. WILKE, 26»*
Keamy et.
A-11200; BAKERY, corner, in Western Add.;
cstab. many years; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak-
ing 4 barrels per day; 6 living rooms, bath;
rent $50; 6 years' lease; death of owner causa
of saie. R. O. WILK-B. 2S^j Kg— my St.
_— 1600— FINE candy store in splendid location:
nicely furnished, cheap rent; clears $125 per
month; great bargain. LANE _ CO.. S65 Mkt.
PARTNER wanted in an established business.
cleariiiu t"5 mo. each; Meat work; short hours;
no exper. required. LANE & CO., 865 Market.
RESTAURANT, nice place for man and wife;
receipts $15 a day: low rent; Eee this at once.
LANE _ CO.. S65 Market Bt.
PARTNER wanted, man or woman; business
established for years. LANE - CO,. S65 Mkt
£500— ON account of sickness; restaurant in
Berkeley, clearing 1100; splendid opi>ortunity
for hufcband and wife. CLOSE. 209 Kearny.
FOR sale cheap— A good paying barber-shop;
located in the main part of the city; reasons
of sale retiring from business. Addrees all
communication to li.. P. O. box 620, Sacra-
mento, California.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; good location;
small expenses: pays good and good reasons
for selling. Call at S26 Green st
BA-KER'S 1&TK* portable sand oven. $40. 8253
Mission st
GROCERY and bar in good location; stock In
eight for full purchase price. W. L. HAR-
PER. 897 Parrott building.
WAOTED-By a responsible lady of best ref-
erences, a first-class furnished rooming hous»
to manage or housekeeper's position in large
hotel in any city on the coast. Address F..
1X1 Buct___a st.
BEST cha_o« offered for industrious party in
pot_ and g_us_£« faotory delicacies, etc.; old
established; whole or half; well paying; in-
vestlgate. Box IK. Call office.
FOR sole— Butter and egg route; good horse
and wagon; side ness; $200. MO Haight st
DSLICATESS—N and smoked meat store in the
Mission; owner selling on account of sickness;
full investigation; no agents. Box ——, Call.
WANTED— Partner for light, permanent prof-
itable manufacturing business; no competl-
tion; $160 required. Box 30L Call of flee.
WANTED for o— >h; businees property inside
Van Ness eve., under 115,000, paying fair in-
terest Box S14, Call office; no agents.
FOR sale— Cigar store and stationery, estab-
lished 3 years, at a bargain. 329 Montgomery
avenue.
GROCERY and bar; good business; seillng ac-
count elckness. 1111 Howard st, cor. Langto— .
ESTABLISHED, well paying business and pat-
ents in coast States for sale. Box 304. OalL
WELL-PAYINO, restaurant; good location; '
cheap rent; b-rgain. Apply 868 Hayes st
£ COWS, horse, wagon and good-paying route.
Address box SMS, Call office. Oakland.
GOOD-PAYING fruit store with living rooms,
cheap. 139 Eighth ft
A— JiOOO; BREWERY and bottling works; owner
has other businees; cannot attend to both;
will sell half or whole interest Bee owner,
e05 Batten' st
WANTED— Partner with 3500 to ro into a tim-
ber business; large profits; will stand in-
vestigation. Room 1. 917 Market st.
WILL locate 40 men on redwood and tanbark '
timber claims. 2 miles from railroad. HALL
_ McMILLEN. room L 917 Market st •
WANTED— Lady or gent with $100 to act as |
c_>hjer; salary S15 per week, including eat-
p*n»es; r__st travel. H. S., box 2S5. Call.
$150 WILL buy a fine £-chalr barber ebop; fine
trade; must sell. 294 Sixth st.
A— FOR eale on account of sickness; one of the
oldest ar.d best-known restaurants and saloon;
$3000 to $5000 required. Apply 116 Front St.
SALOON for sale; located 1 block from Hall of
Justice, near Kearny st Apply 640 Commer-
cial Bt
BEST paying roadhouse in the State; must be
sold this week; party going East Address
W. KLUCK. Valfejo. Cal.
FOR sale— A 38-room lodging-house; price rea-
sonable. MS Howard St.. near Second.
BAKERS— Bakery complete to let: NW. cor.
24th and Guerrero ets. Owner 128 Chattanooga.
INSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
CALL business nfnee.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch oface, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH oface for Call advertisements and
1 rubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALES.
A^ii "rooms, soutITof market^stI
No Reasonable Offer Refused.
( rooms; excellent value $SQ0
10 " Handsome furniture 600
12 " Clears $00 a month l r 0
14 ** Comer house; only 475
30 " Golden Gate; cash only 703
27 " Clears $125, guaranteed.... 1160 1
J» *' Al Investment 1400
82 " Big money maker 1800
44 •• Transient house 2000
U> ** A eunny corner 27&O '
M •* Elerantly furniehed 4000
6fl •* Modern and complete SOOO
106 - Magnificent house .0&W
Some hirh-class family hotels in all dis-
tricts. Cath or easy terms. We assist you
half the purchase money.
HAYES _ WILSON. £28 Market (The Elite).
A. L. WILLEY. room 18, 316 Market st
16 rooms, J75O; rent, with water, 125; Howard
et., near new PoEtoffice; all rented. *
15 rooms, $1100; rent, with water, $65{ Geary
et. ; oak furniture; hot water In every room.
23 rooms. $1700; rent $100; one* floor; Market
st., opposite L O. O. F. building.
Other houses, lots, farms, mines and any-
thing you want for sale or exchange. 816 Mar-
ket 6t ; open from S to 8 ; phone Black 0215.
LODGING-HOUSES wanted for cash customers.
Willey. S16 Market, rm. IS; phone Black SSlo.
A-2-ROOM house; central $1000
20-room house; first class l')S0
11-room house, $47D; 6-room fiat 325 - t
20-room house: Eddy; rent $75: only 800
FISHER — CO.. 1032 Market Et.
SNAP; 11 rooms, furnished; clears $26 per mo.; |
only $125. FISHER _ CO.. 1032 Market st
BUYERS of lodging-houses will find large list;
fin« barg&ins in lodging-houses. Samples:
102 rooms; rent $S4: price $1DOO.
12 rooms: rent $34; price $400.
We loan money to buyers at V/t per cent
PCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market et., be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1»1L
M. GRIFFIN. 71S Market St.. room 1: free list;
new bargains every day in rooming-houses;
over fcCO; all sires and prices. Please call.
$500— LODGING-HOUSE, 14 rms., newly furn.
Inquire 1C3 New Montgomery, oor. Howard.
WILL pay cash for lodging-house of 25 to 4»
rooms; must be cheap. Box 3, Call office,
FTRST-CLABS rooming house for sale, price
JS50; pays well. Address Box' 323, Call office.
A BARGAIN — House. 27 rooms, and full; no
work; cheap rent Inquire Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
EECOND-HAXD top Jump-seat rock_way. op«_
rubber-tire burgy and canopy-top surrey;
teariy new. O'BRIEN'S. 600 Golden Gate av.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission .st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, (single, aleo light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW _ M-hand wagons, buggies, carts _ h&r-
nees. work — driving hornet. 15th _ Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world-renowned, spirit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cira. Bun.. Wed.. Fri. ev^s:
come and be convinced. Permanently located
CIS Eddy et, bet Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant: treats all diseases at office or by letter;
sittings, $1. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; take Ellis car.
"CONSULT Watson," 1581 Market st. near
Twelfth; medium, clairvoyant psyehlo and
palmist: t/Oc and $_.
MRS. DR. GILSON ls located at 614 Jeesle St.,
near Seventh; sittings daily; circle to-night
EDW. EARLE. slste writer, removed 300 Ellis,
cor. Taylor; Sunday night Pythian Castle.
MME. MAJORS, erifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St., room L
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S35 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings; convincing tests to-nlght?10c.
CLAIKVOVASTS. .
irRS. DR. F. CLARKTthe welHknown T trance
medium, u permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Bt., corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamth-
let with special terms. _*-"*«
MMD. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & car-
reader, born with double veil — second sl«?hf
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c'
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk!
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; adviM
given In all affairs of life: •atlsfactlon ruar-
-ntetd; 2to up. 17 Third tt, next E_u_lnw
CLAI_VOY_i\TS.
MR&. E.SAN1JERS, 614 Taylor st, near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thurs., 2 p.m.; Fri., 8; clr. 26c.
ISM AR, the Egyptian g-ypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
6th; private readings daily, -10 a. m. to 5 p« m.
REMOVED— The great inspirational card read-
i er; price 25c and 50c; hours 10 a. m. till 9 p.
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 22S Fulton st
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st, rooms 8-10. :
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant card reader, me-
dium; 25c up. 823 Mlcslon St.. nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c". 148 Sixth st, room 14.
MMB. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. BCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card - readers
sittings daily. 44S'/4 Jessie, et.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor worlt
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
STANDARD, 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpents cleaned.
So yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 6c
BTRATTON'S. S Eighth st: tel. Jessie 944.
J. K. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beatint and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Butter st;
tel. 4 Main 894. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 823 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painlean: consult* n free. Dr. Dunoan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charg* un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO' LET.
FOR rent— New 6-room and bath modern cot-
tage on Hoffman ave., near car line.
Also new 4-room, and bath cottage on Hoff-
man ave.. near car line. JACOB HEYMAN. .
117 Sutter st. _^^^^^^^^
________ —
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, oor. 4th. rm. T, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 1
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON.M.D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
derful eecret. "painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OTarrell st
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
¦warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridpre-
work; teeth without a plate! fillings. 60c;
crowns, $3 50; plates, full set 15; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old platie made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting. 60c; gas given.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019.
Market Bt, bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges: teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days.^
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
1S41 Polk st
PARIS Dental Parlor. 2S5 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns, $3: fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
60c. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market gt
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor — Moffatt.
8. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
llnery School: French system. 411 Van Nees.
DEPILATORY.
O. O. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair: will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; aprents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy. 426 Ellis.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg. —
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
8. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and ruining engineering, etc.; day
and nlcht sessions; new EO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
' colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand — If you want to
learn in a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room S3, Thurlow block. 126 Kearny st
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.: day
and evening; Individual instruction. $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc ; catalogue free.
A thorough, experienced teacher of stenography
and typewriting- wishes private pupils: teEti-
mcnialE; satisfaction guaranteed. Box 249, Call.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
ehort time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrot bldg,
he would not: be wise.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters beat teacher, best system. 802 Montgy. |
ALL students but two taking full coursa thla
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1336 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, minlng,mech.,sur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, mueic studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINOTON'8 DAY 'and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc, day or e\ f c; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible houseclean Ing company,
established 1870; practical recommend; try
them. 1026 Oak st, removed to 418 Devlsa-
dero; tel. Fell 126. F. HAMAD.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post Bt, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Waiters, cooks,
dlshw'rs; est. 1890. 419 Devlsadero; tel. Pag«647.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlo»;
best help. E26 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment ut-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6138.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic eerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell at.; tel. East 428.
EJIFLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN family cook, flrst-claao, wants place
' In American family city or country very
best references. C. R, HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st
SWEDISH cook wants place in hotel in ooun-
try. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid , desires situation ;
best of reference; city or country. MIS3
CULLEN, 225 Sutter st ¦
XEAT young girl desires situation as nurse-
Klrl or assist housework; reference. MISS
CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
ELDERLY woman, first-class American cook,
thorough housekeeper particularly clean and
careful, wants position; references If re-
quired. 770 Harrison st. '
COMPETENT girl wishes a position for house-
work or cooking in American family; wages
125; references if desired. Call at 1118 Baker
st, near California.
CAPABLE woman with child of 7 wishes a
situation: no objection to the country. Ad-
'dress MBS. ISAKSON. 8491 Eighteenth st
YOUNG German girl 16 years old wants light
housework in German family. Call at 220
Leavenworth st. - ¦:, ' •
YOUNG girl for general housework and assist
in cooking; wages $18 to 920. Please call at
705 Natoroa st . .
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do general
housework; _ood cook: city or country. 10
Stockton place, off Grant ave.
WOMAN would Ilk* light housework. Inquire
_B Larkln st ¦ . '
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES — 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation: no pain; par-
tlcnlara sent. Ad. Physician, box 13o0. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For »»*_•
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27*Slxth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSE and wagon, together or separate; suit-
able for grocery. Address 158 Ninth st.
FOR sale — Brown mare phaeton and harness.
Occident Stable, corner Geary and Polk sta.
FINE fresh family cow for sale. 1418 Vermont
st.. between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
FOR sale — Two youns coons. Apply SIX2 Twen-
ty-fourth st.
IIOIJSES^T^LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN - CO.. 14 Montgomery.
15-ROOM house, 2 baths, marine view, in
choice location; 1307 Taylor st, near Wash-
ington; rent only $^>. including water. >V.
H. CRIM _ CO.. 118 Montgomery st
ELEGANT furnished house of nine rooms,
bath, finished attic and basement; grand ma-
rine view; carpets new. Call 2713 Pacific ave.,
from 10 a. m. to 2 p. m.
$14— EIGHT rooms and bath; newly papered.
22 De Boom st.. off Second, near Brannan.
INVALID CHAIRS AND TKICVCLES
SOLD and rented: manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market at.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— On leaving the opera last Saturday
night, a diamond sunburst brooch. The finder
upon returning same to the business office of
The Call will receive a reward of $50^
LOST— Gold buckle and locket with J. B. M.
engraved on the back: lost between Russ
House and Grace Church, Sunday. Return to
Russ House and receive reward.
$5 REWARD— Lost. Saturday •venlng. on
Jackson st, between Franklin and Larkln.
mink collarette. Return to 2216 Webster st
LOST— Ladies' • hat box containing hat and
other articles. Finder please return to 408
Taylor st. and receive reward.
LOST— Purse, in vicinity of Eighth and Fol-
som sts. Return 1219 Folsom st. ; reward.
LOST— Great Dane dog (brindle). Liberal re-
ward if returned to 148 Third st <
$100,000 TO loan on watches, diamonds, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave.
___^ MEDICAL.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market— Ladlea'
specialists; S2 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladies treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can use It with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. "W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1013 Mar-
ket, opp. 6th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable: practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.*
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
Bult free. 942 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth — Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment. $5; positive cure iruaranteed: when
others fall consult free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007% Market, expert on dls-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in 8. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases;' unexcelled success: see free.
NG TOT KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc. ; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladies' spe-
ciallst: safe and sure cure, $3; best care; low
fees: when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist for
37 years: can be sent. 323 Kearny st
MRS. DR. OWTER. ladles' specialist: home
for patients. 510 Eddy st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. M-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 185-137 Fremont »t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1013_ 1021. 1023 Mission st,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
PERFECTLY new, latest style sealskin Jacket
cost $240. for $115. at Uncle Harris". 15 Grant.
MOST beautiful Spanish guitar, inlaid all over
with mother of pearl; was manufactured at
Madrid. Spain, and worth $100; will sell the
same, with case, for $40. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $5
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
et. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
NEW 58 Majestic ranee, with steam heater and
cooker, cheap; suitable for 200 people. North-
east corner Point Loboa and Fifth aves.
FOR sale or to rent— A 54 electric light bath
cabinet: new. Northeast corner Point Lobos
1 and Fifth aves.
B-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine,
$150; can be- eeen running at 623 Golden
: Gate ave^ -
i BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON.
16 O'Farrell st
A— 100 HORSEPOWER enrlne. boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont 'St.
GASOLINE, gras engines, second-hand, bought.
sold and exchanged. XEWELL. 66 Bluxom st.
SEALSKIN coat on sale cheap at 612 Post
street
FINE upright piano by month or year; reason-
able. Inquire 2514 Mission st
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
GREAT Dane; broke to harness: will carry
child on his back; cheap. S10 Howard st
10-TON Fairbanks scale and lire and burglar
proof eafe. 216 California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ami
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
200-LIOHT dynamo* engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 518 Mission st
WILL rer.t full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 B0. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stktn.
EAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beaie.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD A BRECK. 1S1 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 100-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Small second-hand motor, one-fifth
to one-tenth horsepower. Address Mechanic,
CaU office.
LIGHT wagon or horse and harness In fair
condition. Box 33S, Call office.
LADIES* and gents' cast-off clothlner bought <&
sold. Silverman, 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie HI.
"WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H.' L.
WHITE HEAD. 1710 Market St.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~~~
I ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re^
: moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or aa a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; 'avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call <kS-69 Donohoo bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest in Estates
.... Undivided Interest in Real Estate .
Financial problems of all sorts and ! sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc • do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms » and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought 7 no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business els»-
where. R. McCOLGAJJ. 24 Montgomery, r. 8.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 18, first floor
Chronicle building;. HALLORAN & OL8EN.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BRO WN STONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds!
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
L< _ A /i 8 . 1 l 9t or * *? mt *VvSJ&- country; 6% undi-
vided ints; esUtss. HARPER, 397 Parrott Dd_»
MONEY TO LOAX.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, SW Market
st; tel. Main 1S44. Branch 19 Third at.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates: confidential
BOXELLI. 3C1 Jonea St.. corner Eddy.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 3CG Parrott bulM-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California!
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
nes3 confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott b!j:.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for bulldinji-
low rate. Home P.ldg Co.. 212 Sansome St.. „£
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party
low rate. 91T Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal; confi-
dential, on diamon.lH._ etc. 23 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorscr. MOKUELL. 1)0 Examiner building.
T ?orser lri S d F PeOPlf ' wlthout collateral or in-
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ABSOLUTELY the largest excrusive"who?e9ale
ar.d retail r.iano he use west of Chicago-
agents pecrtea. Seta, and Hallet & DaVis'
Bostons oldest and most famous piano, ar.d
mS! w ?'"' 3; Pia3 ° 3 r<?nted: rent allowcd
3 Heine uprights ... «¦>-.-
1 Mason & Hamlln . --¦¦•----- *—•
2 Stelnways ,V-
1 Chlck-irins £5
1 Marshall & V.- € n<;ie!l''.'.'.".''.''.".".'"'. c"-
1 Emerson »<-
HEINE PIANO CO:;'21 7 -Ge'iry'"st:';"''op«n
evenings.
TirE old reliable Decker & ?on pianos; estab-
lished In 1Sv5; are found n^t only in the par-
lors of the wealthy, but also tn the families
r rI T re a Ki? rS V C l a33 arllcle ls without
being obliged to pay an exhorbltant rrlce.
They can be had in small sizes with plain
case at a figure within ths reach of most
any one. and as the tone and action is th*
best, they are rpal bargains. We sell them
on payments If <ieslr°d. THK ZEXO MAC-
VAI3 MUSIC CO.. 7<a Market st
ANY person having u?s for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co "s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and' aost re-
liable makers to choose frcm. EACh *he brat
of their grade, from Stetnway down. Priv-
ilege given t» exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase
Beautiful new uprights sold for JG cash ana
15 per. month. We offer to sell so_e jjoo-j
pianos for >3, 14 and $5 per month. SHEH-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. -teinw_y dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. Francisco,
comer Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
lard.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
ail other musical instruments of all grales
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BARGAIN LIST.
Conover Walnut, Behr Bros, mahogany, Ster-
ling: walnut. Bacon ebonized. Hallett _ Davis.
Halnes Bros., at sacrifice; $140 up. BENJ.
CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Farrell st, Chlckertn?
agency.
A FEW extra bargains in second-hand up-
rlghta; _ood as new; Steinway, Chase Bros.,
Schurr.an. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
UPRIGHT piano; standard make. In good con-
dition: owner must leave city; a bargain; )T_
rtcx B. Call office.
GREAT many bargains in !nd-hand uprights;
small installments. Hornung, 218 McAllister.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spisl-
mann and Hamilton pianos. 303 Post st.
FINE large 3- pedal upright piano; must be
sacrificed In 5 days; leaving city. 332 Turk.
SALE of hlgh-KTade ptanos at factory prices
this week. THE DEWING CO.. Flood bid*.
NEUMAN upright. $75; Sherwood, J85: Peek,
$100: other bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. 660 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER'. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage: dirt cheap;
installments: Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market
A BARGAIN; must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St.. next Hib. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Ptecfc. Hardman, Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Pnst.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
A— MODERN store with fixtures grocery and
bar; 909 McAllister. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mar-
ket st.
TO let— 620 Market; third (top) floor of T rooms;
rent reasonable; opposite Palace Hotel. Ap-
ply MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light sunny offices. $13 to $20 per month, with
Hjrht. heat. Janitor aril use of phone.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, S30 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LAAOS FOR SALE.
PROVEN oil lands in the Kern River field for
sale; no stock proposition; no wildcat scheme;
this ls sure territory In the largest and best
known field in California. If you want to form
a company buy g'ood land on the line of the
railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN _ SOMES.
a C. MASON, agent, room 101. Chroniclg bid.
A FORTUNE for JJOO— The first U. S. patent
oil land on the market in 20-acre tracts: send
for map and experts' reports and particulars.
A. L. WILLY. SIS Market St.. San Fran-
cisco; phone Black 5215.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st, bet Geary and Pest; tel. Black 58L
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post; tel. Hyde 2332;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
PATEMS AND 'PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GKO. P. CAMPBELL Lawyer. Examiner big
PERSONAL S.
OPERA hair 3tyles; the very newest; only 25c:
doll wigs a specialty; also hair ornaments,
switches. $1. LEDEItEK, 123 Stockton St.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— TeL South 792;
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 11th st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market; 700 rooms;
J5c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to 16 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BTIED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous and
other diseases, specialist In head trouble and
rheumatism; pamphlet sent free. 843 McAllistr.
SUITS to order on installments; $15 upward: $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
LEDEKER'S Quintonica is a superb hair tonic;
unsurpassed: 53c bottle. 123 Stockton st
FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOR3. 437 Montgomery st.
A— J3 50 DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hattere. 3SA Ktarny st.. near Pine.
MRS. Dr. James positively cures rheumatism
without drugs or medicine. 29 Eddy, rm. 30.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
USE LEDERER'9 Poamo Shampoo. It will
keep your hair fresh and clean: 8c package.
ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
$1 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
BORP.OW on pianos, furniture, diamonds.
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant av.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell »t.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
comcure: 2Sc; all druggists.
BUT your coal of LANGE — GOFF. successors
to TV. H. Wl3eman.l7Il Sacto.; tel.Sutter 2778.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 184t Mkt.. under St. Nichol-s Hotel.
OLD rold. sliver, diamonds and precious stonea
bought. J. R- JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; II: at all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS A.\D SURGEO.fS.
DR~C. C. O* DONNELI— -Of flee and residence.
1021VJ Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
$i— O^-JUST finished: a large 9-room residence,
containing salon parlors, dining-room and re-
ception hall, highly decorated 3 wood man-
tels, kitchen, slnkroom. 5 bedrooms and largo
hard-finished basement: on Waller St.. 1
block from Haight. between Pierce and Scott;
terms, one-quarter cash, balance $49 monthly
at S per cent
FOR sale — 2 houses and lot 25x75. on Stevenson
st, near the Postofllce; great future. Applj
at 270 Clementina st. ; no agents.
IF you have property north of the Park and
you want to make a quick sale call on W. J •
OUNN. 520 California st. *
HAVE you property in the Potrero or Excelstor
Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Then
caU on W. 1 GUNN. 530 California at. •Window Thieves at It Again.
Two or three years ago the police were
perplexed by the number of windows in
groceries and -cigar-stores that were
broken, the contents, or part thereof, be
ins stolen. By persistent effort the gang
was broken up. Now- the police are con
fronted with another pangr, who are pay
ing attention to the windows in jewelry
stores. Saturday afternoon John J. Moran
broke the window in Macowsky'a jewelry
etore on Kearny street, near Sutter, and
Btole a watch, but was captured. 'Yester
day Justus Herbst, jeweler, 134 Second
street, called at the City Prison to; see
Moran. but failed to Identify him. Thurs
day night a man who had wound a grain
sack I around his hand broke his window,
and grabbing three gold watches ran
away. Herbst pursued him, but was un
able to overtake him.
San Francisco and Tlcinity — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Monday; colder; fresh westerly winds'
-ALEXANDER O. McADlE.
. . Forecast Official. •
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
w<-ather with snow In the mountains: continuoH
cool; light westerly winds. wjaunuea
Nevada — 8now Monday; continued cold
weather.
Utah— Snow Monday; continued cold weather
Arizona— Rain - with snow • in the
mountains; colder.
Northern California — Fair on the coast* light
rain in the valleys and snow on the mountains
continued cool weather with conditions favor
able for light frost la the foothills; light north
west winds.'
The chilling effect of the high area will be
shown In additional snowfall in the Sierras.-
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight November 19. 1900: -
Italn or snow has fallen over the entire coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains. Bnow is
falling at Salt Lake City. Seattle. Port Cres
cent, Walla Walla and Kallspel. A thunder
storm is reported at Phoenix.
The following: maximum wind velocities are
reported: Neah Bay. 80 miles per hour, from
the northeast; Pocatello, 34 miles,' from the
west; Carson City. 48 miles, from the treat.
In addition to the unusual precipitation the
low temperatures shown on the weather map
are unusual. Temperatures near the freezing
point are reported from many stations in
Washington. Oregon and Idaho. During the
past 24 hours there has been a fall of more
than 10 degrees in Utah. Idaho and Eastern
Washington.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 18. 6 n. m.
The following: are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfalls In last 24 hours:
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
55; minimum. 60: mean. 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the Rocky
Mountain region and southweetward into Ari
zona. It has risen sllRhtly over Northern Cali
fornia. The storm continues over the northern
half of the Pacific Slope and apparently blocked
In lta eastern progress by an area of high pres
sure over the upper Missouri Valley.
Troops F and Ot Leave the Valley to
Escape the Rigors of
Winter.
Troppa F and G of the Sixth Cavalry
arrived at the Presidio yesterday morning
from the Yosemlte. They are a hardy
looking lot of men. Their outdoor life
during their stay in the valley has taken
off all extra flesh and put them In as fit
condition as trained athletes. The men
are all glad to pet' back, as the winter in
Yosemite ls particularly severe.
The heavy rains of the last few days
made the latter part of the 375-mlle ride
cHsairreeable. the roads being: very mud
dy. The troopers were assigned quarters in
th* brick barracks.
The detachment is commanded by Maior
Louis H. Rucker. Captains Elon F. WII1
cox and James A. Cole and Lieutenants
James S. Parker and John C. Raymond.
The medical officers with the detachment
are acting Assistant Surgeons Stoney and
Trenholtz. _ ' ,,>^r-
CAVAIiltYMEN RETURN
FROM THE YOSEMITE
T H Kennedy, Stockton
F A Corbusier, Stanfd
8 Brown, Cal
E L Shelley. Cal
E N Grl3t. San Mateo
W Larson, Alvarado
T Fowler, Stanford
B P Cooks, Stanford
H Wren Sactq
C G Pearl, Sacto '
E Dinkelspiel, Suisun
J Paretto. Delano
H T Smyth, 8 Lorenzo
J N Miller , Oakland
D P Stubbs, Cal
J Hopper, Oakland
C H Smith, Cal I
W J Robinson, Stanfd
W C Swain. Cal
W J Stewart, Oakland
C J Pullen, S Quentin
II II Pierce. Cal
J D Scharff. Portland
G W Sutherland, Mo
W S Hostetter & w,
Seattle
II H Bmerson. Seattle
G A Johnson, Redding
M Hrady, Fresno
II S Rowe. Texas
E F Stuart & w, N Y
J A Smith. Salt Lake
A S Warnick, Va
GRAND HOTEL.
A C Foster, Winnipeg
3 H Smith, Stockton
H Rowe, Rochester
S E Aubury, Los Ang
W H Husband, Kelsey
3 H Parker, Col fax
C A Belkey. Auburn
J Farrell, N Y
J R Cormack. N Y
\V A White, Ottawa
P Cook, Rio Vista
T G Walker, Watsonv
\V H Lamrock Capoti
A A Hubbard, L Ang
B E Mills, Syracuse
C H Hahne, Dayton
L F Warner. Aubrun
Dr Hoy, Grass Valley
E J Morgan, Nev City j
J 8 Kellogg. Stanford
J O'Grady, Mont
j F J Adams. Mont
A. J Hinds. Stanta Cruz
J Feaster Jr, M Island
F W Carpenter, Woodld
M Adams, Santa Cruz
W D Long, Nev City
J H F Peck, Soda Sprgs
C H Selby. N Y
II W Hlggins. Reno
R J Thompson, Phlla
A Mackley, Chicago
PALACE HOTEL
Mrs S Howell, Chicago
H Eaton. Stanford
A B Low, San Jose
C P Newell, Stanford
J T Lynch. Menlo
O W Crawford, Menlo
O W Crawford, Menlo
Mi»a C L Atkins. Ala
A Kelly, Berkeley
F S Glass. Berkeley
C ICohn, Oregon
W B Ayer & w. Ore
J Lawless, London
Mrs C "W Clark. Butte
Miss Roberts. Butte
Mrs L Blumauer. Or
W Goldle Jr. Pittsburg
D W Klrkland, Ls Ang
P B McCahe. Ls Ang
F M Townaend. L An
Mme A von Behrens,
Chicago
W T Smith. Los Ang
Miss II Delaro, N Y
L J Strong, Cincinnati
G Pauling & w. N Y
E R Spencer. Ls Ang
M B Greenwood. Mont
L Lion, San Jose
E P Lion, San Jose
II J Lion, San Joss
E M Lion, San Jose
It E Jack, Bt Louis
J E Arbolne, Cognao
It R Spencer. Seattle
C H Munro. Dutch Pit
J S Book. Los Ang .
Ct Vultermont. Brussls
Ct von de Bolarme,
Brussels
W II Cummlngs & w,
New York
J F I>avls, Jackson
G Fletcher. Grass Vail
Mr & Mrs Zeltner, Aus
J M Galladay. U S N
L Powell. New York
S H Harris, N T
W O Ebbs, N Y
Mrs C C Osborne, Pa
Miss M E Miller. N T
J F Ullman. N Y
Z Horlkosht. Japan
R Laurie & w. W Aus
R Dwyer & w. N Y
P W Gerould. N Y
II G Garrettson, N T
L King, N Y
F R Hosarth, N Y
O J Smith, & w, Nev
C A Sheets & w, S Jose
A P Sawyer, Seattle
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Howe, So Carolina
K E Hyde. Santa Rosa
W Miller. Boston
8 Jacobs. St Louis
J Murry & w, Ohio
J Smith. Seattle
Mrs Smith & c. Seattle
G F Hoes. Illinois
Mrs M Anderson, Chgo
II M Ball. Colorado Sp
C P Shockley. Colo Sp
E Sinclair. Seattle
W Cyr & w, Seattlo
B de Bond, Seattle
Mrs M J Campbell.
Santa Cruz
Miss A LIpley. S Cruz
Mrs Vigeleirs, Seattle
J Li Menelin, Madera
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
There were many narrow escapes, most
of the occupants jumping from the
windows. The town has no flre protec
tion. The tannery emploves cor'-
a lines of hose to the burning buildings,
but on account of trouble with the pump
there was considerable delay in getting
a stream on the tire and the flames got
beyond control. Nothing remains of the
four dead but a few charred bones.
The property loss is insignificant.
Otto Kauley, a gas line walker of Cou
dersport, Pa., was burned about the face
and arms and Jerry Bailey sustained a
broken shoulder by jumping from the
third story of the hotel.
One man had a leg broken In jumping
and several others received minor in
juries and slight burns in making their
exit from the hotel.
The lire originated in tho McGonigal
House from an overpressure of natural
gas. There were thlry people in the
hotel, which was a flimsy structure, and
the flames licked up the building as if It
were tinder.
OSWATO, Pa., Nov. 18.— Four men
wera burned to death to-day In a fire
that destroyed th© McGonigal House, a
three-story frame building, and the
opera-house adjoining. Several persons
were injured. The buildings were burned
to tho. ground In half an hour's time. The
dead:
ARTHUR FLETCHER, bookkeeper for
Pennsylvania Stave Company.
MICHAEL RUSSELL, employe Penn
sylvania Tanning Company.
WILL HULSANEY. Roxford, N. -Y.
HUGH JAMESON. Alfred. N. Y.
Fire Spread With Great Rapidity and
Occupants Were Forced to
• Jump From. Win
dows.
Row of Frame Buildings in
Oswayo, Pennsylvania,
Destroyed.
FOUR PERISH IN
A HOTEL FIRE
Colonel-oleot Thomas F. O'Neil and a
number of officers who should be in a po
sition to attend to the duties for which
they have been chosen are unable to do
so. because, tney have not yet received
their commissions. There is exceeding
slowness in the military "upper" office In
Sacramento. .
A bill is to be introduced into the next
Legislature to change the manner of
choosing the line officers in the National
Guard. It Is proposed that the only of
ficer for which there shall be an election
shall be the second lieutenant; that when
the captain from any cause shall leave
the service, the first lieutenant shall be
promoted captain and the second lieuten
ant be promoted first lieutenant, tho va
cancy to be filled by an election. If the
first lieutenant should leave the service
the second lieutenant would then be ad
vanced. , .. —
The mounted band of Troop A. cavalry,
will give Its first anniversary ball in
Hoover's Hall on the night of the 28th
inst. J_ ,
On his own application Quartermaster
Sergeant W. D. Geary of Company B was
reduced to the ranks. Private James B.
Manning was appointed to fill the va
cancy. James H. Biddle and W. C. Far
rell were appointed corporals of the same
company.
Privates "W. G. Leonard. E. W. Davis
an.! W. M. Rohrbacher were appointed
corporals of Company F, and Private C.
R. Schaffer musician.
Regimental order No. 14, issued from
headquarters of the Fifth Infantry show
the discharge of thirtyvsix men—twenty
three on account of removal, three for
the good of the service, two at expiration
of term of service, two by two-thirds
vote and o.ne for disability.
The inspections In the Second Brigade
will be continued this week, commencing
to-morrow night, in Oakland, and then
being held In the other cities in which
the companies of the Fifth Infantry are
located.
In almost every company there was a
detraction from soldierly neatness by the
fact that a number of the men appeared
wearing tan shoes and others witn shoes
that were innocent of polish for some
time. Then the web belts, not iilled with
cartridges hung on the men in all sorts
of ways, hardly two in a platoon being
fitted on as they should be for an occa
sion like inspection. During the Inspec
tion of arms there was noticed a lacK of
uniformity in the handling of the pieces
as it was passed to the inspecting officer.
After coining to port arms some of the
men grasped the gun by the small of tho
stock and others by the heel with the left
hand, showing that their instructor had
paid but little attention to the manner :n
which they handled their pieces. Either
way would be acceptable, but to see two
methods followed »n the same company
made military men who were present and
who are up in the manual of arms smile.
In the matter of drill the men did not
come up to expectations, there being
many breaks in the ordinary formations,
such as "fours right," "fours left" and
"company Into line." Some of the com
panies had skirmish drill, but this only
served to show that they will require more
firactlce and closer attention to the regu
atiqns to make a good showing. There
waa halting in carrying out the com
mands and many breaks as to distance.
With a few exceptions the lieutenants
who drilled their men gave their orders in
such subdued tones that, In moving, they
could scarcely be heard. One lieutenant
in K Company created a great deal of
merriment by the manner, in which he
recovered lost -distance. In his endeavors
to do so, instead of lengthening step he
made up lost distance by skipping across
the floor, very much after the fashion of
a dancing master. It was novel, but
hardly soldierly.
The inspection as a whole shows the
need of thorough instruction In the re
organized First, also the need of recruit
ing the companies so that there shall be
at least a full minimum number in each
company. It also demonstrated the need
of a school of instruction for the
line olticers, with some one compe
tent to teach them all that they ought
to know, so that the work of the
soldier may be performed uniformly; it
also demonstrated that there ought to be
a school of . instruction for the "non
coms," for the observant eye could note
the fact that all did not perform the same
duty in exactly the same manner. It may
be said that variety is the spice of life,
but while that may apply to the ordinary
affairs of life, military discipline requires
that in the different companies of a regi
ment the same things shall be done in
one as is done in the others, without
variance to suit the whims of this or that
officer. The Inspection also demon
strated that some of the officers above the
line would profit by a careful study of the
manual of arms and the drill regulations,
for on more than one occasion questions
arose that they could not answer and they
were obliged to hold a consultation as to
the proper way to do this or that.
The inspecting officer was Major James
A. Margo, inspector of the Second Bri
gade. He was assisted by Major Phil J.
Perkins and Major A. A. Hanks of the
brigade staff and Lieutenant Colonel,
Thomas F. O'Neil and staff. Companies
A, B, D, E, H, I. L. and M and the ratji
mental band were mustered and inspected
at the Page street armory, some on Mon
day night and the others on Tuesday
night, while Companies C, G, F and K
were inspected at Ellis street on Wednes
day night. Physically and as to dress the
otticers and men all looked well.. The men
In their new uniforms and caps,* presented
a very line appearance, the clothes being
well made and fitting much better than
National Guard uniforms di.d in years
gone by. But lew of the companies came
up to the minimum number of men at
muster, as a number were away from the
city or on the eick list. Some companies
were short from four to twelve. men.
The most Important matter that oc
curred in the National Guard in this city
during the past week was the inspection
of the officers and men of the First Regi
ment of Infantry, part at the Page and
Gough street armory and part at the Ellis
street- armory.
A Bill to Be Introduced in the Com
ing Session of th© Legislature
to Change Elections for
Xiine Officers.
Need of Much Instruction in
the First Regiment of
Infantry.
INSPECTION OF
THE GUARDSMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1900.
9
LaBt This Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
KureJca 62 12.45 10.42
Rod Bluff .00 3. 87 6.65
Sacramento Trace 3.54 6.30
Ran Francisco 09 3.83 6.98
Fresno 04 3.R8 2.C8
Independence .02 1.18 1.19
Ban Lul3 Oblapo .12 3.41 4.9g
Uos Angeles -OS 1.91 1.97
San Diego 16 .82 1.15
LaBt This Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
KureJca 62 12.45 10.42
Rod Bluff .00 3. 87 6.65
Sacramento Trace 3.54 6.30
Ran Francisco 09 3.83 6.98
Fresno 04 3.R8 2.C8
Independence .02 1.18 1.19
Ban Lul3 Oblapo .12 3.41 4.9g
Uos Angeles -OS 1.91 1.97
San Diego 16 .82 1.15
iu:al estate — citv — von sale.
UED HOT BAKGAIKS. ~~-«— -
AT— A. M. FPECK & CO.— AT
HARD TO BEAT? HARD TO BEAT!
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
J1500.
Flat*; renta well fcr JIB; near Eecond.
jrco.
Flatc; always rented for $44; must sell.
f7M0.
Flate; brand new; ea*t ol Van Ness; rents J72.
last
ner.ts $100; 100-ft. front; near Taylor «t.; no
chance l.ke It.
HO.OCO INVESTED
¦Will yield 1115 monthly, clear over taxes, in-
euraa.ee, etc. This is no idle talk.
HM00.
Business property; rents J100; wake up If yov
vaxt to tet rich.
$20,000.
Corner; 6ft-ft. front: >-iolnlty Sutter. east of
Hyde; grand hotel, efnee or rooming house site,
rente J1C7.
$39,000.
Rer.ts J2S5: elerant new Improvements; DJ-ft
front; henest value.
fSO.OOO.
<4-ft. front; vicinity of Tlvoll; old lmproT*-
rnents; rents $200; block from Market; will
double eurely tn 10 years.
JT5.000.
Grand corner: 75-ft. front; within block of
Market St.: old improvements; rents $400; wltli-
in block of HaJe'e; worth $100,009.
f 100, 000.
Here is lft per cor.t net; on a eoraer 75- ft.
front; puarsjitp««d lease 6 years; building bet-
ter than the 1'alace Hotel or no sale.
NOTICE— No time for triflers. Cash talks in
rur office. Try us.
Money to. loan. 6 per cent, lncl-adine; taxes.
A. M. gTECK & CO.. CC7 Market et.
6PI>ENDII> chance for Investment; fine corner
en Harrison and Lanfrton fts. :fin* new S-story
buil(J!ne. with nil nnndern l»prov»ments; coni-
plete in 2 weeks. For information apply to
owner on pp-m:sw. J. MCCARTHY.
y.ODEHX houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL, ESTATE TO BXCHAXGB.
K00O— 150 ACRES Improved; Soncnsa County:
exchacse for city home; all furnished;
stocked. E. E. BUXCE. SM Broadway. Oakld.
¦WANTED— To exchange improved ranch and
city property near the Sound. Washington,
for Improved ranch in California. Addreet
box 23g. Call.
XEVC -ottace. C rms., bath; ict £0x109: Mission;
rer.tal term?: and vacant l"ts. 4;3 Kearny st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
J2000 — BXAP; cottage of 6 rooms, finished in ele-
gant curly redwood; lot 40x120; clo*e to sta-
tion and school: house alone rost $1500 to
bulid. A. O. BCRKS, ISa l^ark st.. Alamcda.
?:."'< — HALF ca;!-. . fine new S-room house; all
modern; first-class location; let 60x119; palm
and fruit trees. J. H. YOUNO. Owner. U4S
Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL, ESTATE.
$1850— NEW f-rooTo cottage, a!l furnished; bay-
window: fine Kiar.tel; street work all done; 1
block to train and electric cars; $750 cash,
balance $13 per month; houw" cheap at $2200;
owner eoir^i East. IV. C. MORAN.
1:500^*100 CASH, balance 123 per month; 8-
room house; hleh basement; E-eourse brick
foundation; cor. lot, 45x100: S blocks to cars;
¦will trade this for a ranch of equal value.
W. C. MORAN. Lorin ptatlon. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— HIS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SZXC— COMFORTABLE HOME— $3500.
Nine-roomed house with large lot. 59x127 feet;
c^ntraily located; handy to local 6tation; choice
rrsidence section; price reduced for a quick
tale; sunny, desirable place. GEO. W. AUS-
TiN & CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
MODERN EASTLAKE COTTAGE.
J1IW— Scnny home of £ rooma. hail, bath, high
bawmer.t, bay- win/low, etc.; lot 30x110 feet;
»a:k:r.f distance of local train: a bit bargain.
HEO. \V. AI"^T1N & CO.. 1MB Broadway. Oak-
land.
jrTO-ACTUAIJjT wor.h J4CCK>.
IIous^, £ room*, bath: modern; first -class con-
r.'.Vi n, peiRhborhood and Burrcundlngs; fine lot;
tur.ny; 2 blocks to broadgauge trains, echool,
¦ ar«- and business center; tart cash. J. 8.
MTER3 4. CO.. 10M Broadway. Oakland.
J3OO— FX>K rale; a half interest in a Ftore
buflne^!", -:.t. :.uf.» tur.rc. tupiilles, etc.; pays
clear of all expense* from JT5 to J109 per
month for each partner; you need net put up
a dollar without full investitatitMi AL.DE.N"
CO.. HIS Broadway. Oakland.
riiOO— 12H ACRES Brood land and fine improve-
ments, etc.; 1H hours" drive from Oakland.
AI^DEN CO.. 111S Broadway.
GOT>I> eperulation — We have some rood bank
e»ock for sale to close an entate; also POO Ehares
pay* a dividend of II per cent i>er annum,
payable monthly. Full particulars with AL-
IiEN <"O.. HIS Broadway.
HOTELS far eale.
LoCelf g-hoases.
Grocery stores.
Hardware store.
lSTUg etore.
Ten good i&rvan for sale; some for exchanr*.
B*e E. E. BUXCE for all bargains. 352 BroaJ-
way.
F^'R sale Jn Oakland — By order Illbernia Bank;
2-etcry touw, double parlors, dining-room and
kitchen; 6 good bedrooms; bathroom; closets;
pantry: lavatories; corner: lot 50x125; 1 bloc*
from Telf-irraph-uve. electric line; only $5000;
?>&!=>• terme If desired; Just renovated and in
perfect condition.
HEKON & HOLCOMB.
10GO Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD bcuEes. Get list from GEO. W. AU3-
T1N <• ro . ytib Bmidway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to yon from H. Schellhaas. th*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR UOUSCKEEPI.N'G.
CALIFORNIA. 711. block and a half~from
Kearny — Clean eunny double and single, eult-
able for light housekeeping; Jl a week to JJ.
CHESTNUT, 293— Furnished rooms to rent,
housekeeping; quiet neighborhood; fine view;
cood house ; cheap.
FOLSOM, 776^4—2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms fcr housekeeping, with stove; rtas'able.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping: rooms; also
tingle rooms; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., €22— Apartment or ?
rooms; Funny, runninjr. water, c;as stove; reas.
LAP.KIN. 1K1S. near Washirrton— 2 sunny un-
TurnlEhed rooms, with carpets.
MARKET, nr. Muon — Lanre room and kit-
ch^n, folding bed, ras, f 10. Call S« Kearny st.
MISSION. 1125%-Two front rooms for house-
fce«Tlng.
OAK. 118 — Leree punny room furnished for
houyekeeplnjr; lar^e closet; enameled bed; IS.
PEUHY. 174-2 lanre nicely furnished hous-c-
kpg rras.; hot, cold water, bath; reasonabl <i.
K1LVER, jcr, r...«r Fourth— I or S rooma fur-
rilfh^d for houseke^plCK; cheap.
STOCKTON. 701. cor. California-Two rooms
complete for housekeeping.
TENTH. U6— Sunny furnished housekeeping
room*: reasonable.
. VAX NESS, «C2-Entire «spper floor, I rooms and
• bath, elegantly furnished; gag ranger *Unny.
CLASSIFIED advt-rtleements and eubecnptlona
received at Call branch otflce. 2200 Fillmore «t.
A BRANCH office lor Call advertisements and
fubrcrlptir r.s has been established at ION
Vnlencla st. ..: -*
KOOMS TO LET Pnru, ana I'nfurn.
A-BRL'NSVVICK House, 148 Sixth-Rooms 25c
to fl per night ; $1 25 to $S per week, and light
housekeeping:: oj»cn all night.
BL'IWETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
niFhed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 520 (The Elk)— Changed bands: newly
renovated, nicely turn, sunny rms., $1 SO to 17
week; 2Sc to tl it night. MRS. P. RANFT.
BUSH. 1408— Sunny room, with closet, gas and
bath, JC; private family.
< LAV, 20:6-3 large unfurnished rooms In
pood order, for housekeeping, JS.
FOLSOM. 9C5, cor. Cth (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms., single, suite*; reasonable.
FOIySOM. IlSft— 4 larre sunny rooms, wlih bath.
GEART. 405 (The Navarre)— Elerantly furnished
rms ; rultes or single ; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, S1S»4— Large sunny furnished or partly
furnished room.
AlcAVOV at CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1233 Market *t.. between 'th and 9th.
Telephone South 247.
lEcccesBor to Flannacan & Gallacheri
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMERa.
SO Fifth st., opposite Lincoln bchooL
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
. UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
17 and » Fifth st. Tel. South 1(7.
TOHEBAL DIEECT0H5 AND ZXBALKEBJ.
Finest Equ" nent at Moderate Rates.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
XjEISSEIE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
¦fTBTJRON FERRT-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
6an Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:S0, 8:00, ll:C0 a. m.: U:S5. I:J0.
8-10 6:S0 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip at 11:W
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:» and
11-30 v. m.
SUNDAYS-8.00, 9:30, 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. 1^0. »:0»;
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:60. t:20. U:10 «-m.; U:«.
1:40, 6:10 p. tn. 6aturday» — Extra trip* at 1:11
BUNDAYS^8:10; 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:49. 1:40. iM.
Between Ban Francisco and Sohuet*en Park
»ama schedule sj abov.
Leave J In Effect ' I * Arrf»a\
Ban Francisco, f N«xv. 7. 1900. I San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I . I Bun- 1 Week j
Pays. 1 days. I Destination. I days. \ Days. I
>:S0 am 8:00 am Novato. 19:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. »:C* pm 10:K am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Banta Rvea. 7:fapm 1:22 pm
--. " I Fulton. I
• •jo am Windsor. 10:85 am
Healdsburs;.
'¦?. -•;.¦.*: Lytton. i
Oyservllle,
t:»0pq 1:00 am Clovegdale. T:» pm t:Opn
T'SOam! I Hopland* I 1
1 I 8:00 ami and Uklah. { T JS pm| «:M pra
T^Oazn ~~ |10:» mm
1:00 am Ouerne villa. 7:33 pm
I:SO pm| t-.Uym
T-SO am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S:4» am
ajid ¦¦ \ i • "
• :10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | <:06 pm i:23 pra
7:S0 ami 1:00 ami , \ l ?$ * a \ l ¥£ "*
I:K> pmf 6:00 pmf Bebastopol. | 7:M pm| l:a pq
"stages connect at Banta Rosa for Mark Wsat
' Bprtncm and Whit* Sulphur Spring*: at Pulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: it
Geyservllle for 6ka«T» Spring*: at CloverdaH
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Bprlngs. Hlrhland Sprlnas. K»ls«yville. Carl*,
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlatl
Eprings; at Uklah for Vichy Sprincs. Saratocsj
6prlnKS. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lak% Wlttef
Bprlngs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley*!, Bucknoll's.
eanhedrln Heights, HulMUe, Ori^s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bras^. Weetport. Usal.
¦Wlllets. Laytaiivlle, Commlnp. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olaens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duced rates.
1 On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all polata
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket office. (SO Market St.. Chronicle build*
Ins. R- X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITIXO, Oeo. Pui. Aft.
Gen. Uanaser.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DA VS.... 9:15 a. m.; 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00, 11:30 and 1:13 p. m.
Far*. San Francisco to Summit aad Return.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. 621 Alarfcet au. Sausalito Ferry.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI3.
' Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York ......Nov. 21 New York .Dec. 12
St. Paul ........Nov. 28 St. Paul Dec. 19
St. Louis ...Dec & St. Louis Dec. 28
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
"U'esternland ....Nov 21 Friesland Dec 13
Kensington Nov. 18 Southwark Dec. 19
Noordland .......Dec 6 Westernlaild -...Deo. 26
For freight and passage apply to
¦-INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
SO Montgomery «t ; Or any of lta agents.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
THOROUGHBRED
YEARLINGS
FROM
W. O'B. MACDONOUGH'S
MENLO STOCKFARM
Blred by the Great St. Carlo.
Incln dlng Brothers and Sisters to Count ot
Flandera, Valenclenne, St. Phillip, So-
cialist. Tenebrae. Etc..
Also All th»
PALO ALTO THOROUGHBREDS,
Sired by
RACINE. FLAMBEAU. MARXNER (Imp.) and
LOYALIST (imp..). Out of the Choio*
Mares That Hav« Mad* This
Farm Famous.
Also th* Royally Bred Filly LASSITCDE. by
FALSETTO.
Thursday Evening, Not. 22, 1930,
Commencing at 7:43.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
7a-733 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
WM. G. LATNO. Proprietor.
F. W. COVET. Auctioneer.
Catalogue* ready. Horses on the premises.
EMIL COHN, AUCTIONEER.
Will seU THIS DAT (ilONDAY). November IS.
at It o'clock a. m.. at US Powell St.. »5 very
stylish ladles' trimmed hats of very latest win-
ter styles; very costly; all must be sold regard-
less of cost; you can inspect to-day.
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
AUCTIO.t SALE.
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327
Sixth St.. Wednesday, Nov. 21, 11 o'clock. U
head of Draft Horses, also good Driving Horses.
Buggies, Wagons. Harness, etc.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
nwiiti!kkx rAi'iriv lanrim.
(PACIFIC SYHTIX.)
Trains l«mv« nml itre dn« tn arrive at
HAM rilA»«:iM<-«>.
(Uain Line. Foot of Market Street)
UATi — From NoTzxsxa 7. 1900. — abbitb
•7:OOa Benicia. SnUnn, Elsiirw VacaTiHe,
Ramsey and .Sacramento *7s43p
•7iOOa Shasta Kxprena— DatU. Williams (for
Bartlett Strings), Willows, Bad
Bluff, Portland. «7j«p
*7<SBa MaTUuei.SanUamoD.ValleJo, Napa,
Calls trga and Santa linn *Sil3p
•StOQ a DmTis. Woodland. Knighta Landing.
M&rjsviUe, Orotille *7il5p
•¦(••» Atlantic Kxpresa— Ogden and Cast *t:!3p
¦»-¦?•* >'lles, LlTermori, Tncy. Lathxop,
Stoekton *Tsl3r
•»!••* Ban Joae, Llvermors, Stockton.
Ion«. Saeramento, PlacervlUet
Marjif Ille, Chlco, Red Kind •Itl.'lp
•*iio« Oakdale, Chinese, Honor*. Carters... Mi Lip
•«:••* Haywards. Mica aad Way HUtioiu. M Iil3»
¦V:VVt Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Traey. Latbrop. titockton. Aluced
Fresno and Los Angeles *7tl.1p
•»i3Oa Vallejo. Martinez ami Way Buttons ¦!>:«»?
•10:00* The Owland Ltmited-O|deo, Den.
»er, Omaha. Chicago *«:41r
•11:OOa Jfllrs, Stockton. Hacrampnto, Men-
dot*. Fresoo, Hantoid. Vlsalia.
ForteTTiU* # lil5»
•I liOO* LlTermore, 8aD£er, Goahen Jon*. J
tion. Bakenneld, Los Angeles
flsoOr Sacramento iflter .St-mmrm t*i**>*
*3<»Op Haywards. Niles and Way Stations. •3tl.1p
•4i«tp Martluex. Hait Kwou, Vallejo.
Napa. C'allxtnga. S»ula Rosa *»il *»
•li«Or Benicla. Winters. ftaorainanlo,
Woodland, Knights Landtag,
M»rx*«ill«. Orotlllo Mo: |5»
• I »:i»p Iliyward*. Mlea and San .I.-.ne l*> »"» »
•SiOOp Nile*. Uvarmora and Stockton *I«:13a.
0O:«Op Hnnaet Limited, El Fasr New
Orleans and East. <10sI3a
•3>0OpTh» Owl Limited— Tracy. Freano.
lUkernOeld. Haugua for ttauta lUr-
W». !.<• Ancles. *lO:ISa
•StOtr Ke<r Orlranc Kxpresa— llakenlivld.
Banta limrtmr*. Los Angeles. Daiu-
fo(. El Paw>, New Orleans aud
East i *7i«5»
•IiMfHu wards. Mies »od San Joae *7<4.t4
t«>««r Vallelo *l l:-*r,«.
>»i»»r Oriental Mall— Ogdaa, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago........ *S:l3p
*0:00p OHeutat Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. Chisuro. •1:13?
•?:OOr Oregon and California ICii.ien. N«o-
rituimitn. MiujatMle. IteiMIng-.
I'.wtlsniil. Piiuni ISouud ami Kut "9:*>i
•SiwSpSaa Pablo, Port CoaU, Mutlnez
and Way tJUUos* ?11:4.1*
|g»OJp Vallwjo Mlrt.Vy
COAST DlVtHKO (.Narrow <<«¦¦;•).
(Fool of Market Street.)
*Siia*N«wark,C'«iit«r«nip.baoJoss,Fpltnn.
Boulder Creek.tiantaOriiz aud Way
Buttons ••tai>r
taslSr Newark Center?iUe, Ban .Toao, New
Almatieo. fc rltoo. Itonider Creek.
Santa Crux and- Principal Way
8Utiot)S f ••:»»»
Mil.ip Newark. San Jose. Lo* GabM # 1j»».\
all:-13p Hnntura' Ezaunlon. San Jcsa and
Way Station. Pi»»t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Mm 311 nmiSCO— f«t «f ««ri»t Strut (Slia S)—
•7:15 9:00 11.00*. m. 11:53 *3:83 13:33
M:C3 13:03 *8:03P.il.
rrtsiOtlUIS— Put »rBr«il»T.— *«:0O 8:00 10:004. M.
U2:C3 '1:03 t3:03 *3:33 t«:S3 -8:33f.».
COAST DlfLHIOS (ItroaiHUng*,).
(Third and Townseml Sta.)
1*:IOiOeew> Via*, sioiith Hid Krancinco.. ffltSvr
•7:OI»» Han .lose and Way HUtlcnn (New
Aliuadsn Wedumdays only) •isSOp
••ivOa Han Joae. Tres Pinos. Ma:tU t'riu.
l'acillc Urote. Paso Rubles. Has
Iritis Otiispo. Hiirf. Lompoo aud
Principal Way Htatlona M>1»?
•la:«Si San Jim* and Wat HtaUoua. ••tSS*
•IllVWa San Josa ami Way Stations *9<Sa>y
' f*i « 3 r San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. HaaU Clara. Han Joao,
Tres Plnoa. Santa Cms. Salinaa.
Monterey aud Paelflo drove...... {¦•iMa>
faiSMp Baa Jose and Way Stations TiSltp
fislSr Ban Jote and Principal Way SUUons *m«5»
13:00p&an Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way SUtions t«:O«»
•SiSSp flan Joae aud Principal Way SUtiona 'SiSS*
•S:U»p Sao Jose aud Way Stations ?<» 1 «o«.
«ll;4.%r San Jo«» aud Way Stations »?;3»p
A for Morning P f or A (ternooa.
'Dally. t Sunday sxcepted. t Sunday oab;.
f Mondays, Wednesday*, Friday*.
« Tuesdays, Thursdays. Sundays,
• Saturday onli,.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito F«rry.
Commencing September 3U, 1900.
FROM tiAN" FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLBt
AND 8AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-«:S3, •SiW. 11:00 *. m., "l:45>
1:15. 4:00, 6:15, »«:15. «:40 r>. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays sjuX 8.it-
urdays at 9:80 and 11:35 p. m.
8l!NDAT3- •»:<». "10:00, *U:aO a. m_ *1:U.
1:15. M:C. 1:30. 9:00 p. m.
• Trains marked (*1 run to San Qaenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAM FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-!:3. •*:*>. 7:4S, 9:30 a. m..
•1I:SO. 1:45. *t:JO. 4:30. »:JO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at (:4S and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:20. •*:«>. »10:00. 11:15 a. m..
I 1:40. •1:15. 4:4$, *«:30 p. m-
< Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
JT.OM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS- 5:43. 8:45. 7:55. »:3O a. m..
13:35, 2:10. S:SO. 4:54, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
i and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 v. m.
: SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:C5. 1:15. l:U
, i:00. t:43 p. m.
! THROUGH TRACES.
1:55 a. m. •week daya— Cazadero and way sta-
! tlona. • .
1:4S p. n. Saturdays— Tomale* and way «*-
| tlona.
• 40 a. m. Sundays— TcrvUes aad war «*-
ttooay _
Santa Fe
Trains-™*
Lut, Markst-strvet Ferry Depot.
al Merced * :<I D m ' !'£! a a
- FnStE «2 P m » : °* a »
•• vimila- •*• P m * :5 ° * "*
' - mnford «:» P " ?;g » »
• - Bakersfleld ... «:W p m 7 - 30 * n>
•• Denver.... W=M a m —
•• Kansas Clty.~ «:1* P »
- Chlcaco T:4£>am
1 • a. m. train U th« Overland Kzprcaa. Corr»-
¦pondlns train arrives at • p. m. dally.
4-10 o m. U Stockton LocaL Correspoodln*
train arrive* 11:05 a. m. dally.
1-00 d. m. is Fr«sno and Bakenfleld Exprvaa.
wlta Pleepina- Car» for both cities, Corwsocnd-
tar train arrives at 8 a. m. daily.
O5TICE8-441 Markst st. and la Ferry D*po\
MM Broadway. Oalclaml.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEAaSTB «T, ICstanllaned
In 1834 tor the tr«atm«otot Prlvat*
Disease*, Loot Man hood. Debility or
aimajnwwulnton bodyand mind aad
otborsfalL Try him. CharjtF low.
iarem guarantee 1. Callorwrit*
Or. «1t *. wlBBOX. Box IW37, eJaa i'taadio*
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
XOOM9 TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfarn.
JRAND^OUTHeSn. southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rait. ; private: bath; sin. rms; board optional.
LEAVENWORTH. 617— Single sunny furnished
room to let.
MAPLE court. 23, off Fourteenth— 5 sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; rent til.
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk st.— Changed hands;
newly renovated; all rooms facing either
Turk or Jones St.; rent reasonable.
MINNA. E38 — 3 newly furnished rooms, 1 large
bay-window; man and wife; 2 others; reas'ab.
M1NNV, 667, corner Eighth— New furnished
« bay-window room. \\ pec- week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, ti a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Large furnished
bay-window ; mantel; eun all day; >1L
O'r\RHELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, 504— Front suite; also sunny sin-
gle rooms; running water; closets; IS up.
POST 631— To rent, small furnished front room;
neither drtnk nor smoke in the house; Prot-
fFtant Christian preferred; So per month.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor" rooms, per night, 25c to $1 50; week. $2 to
IS- month, IS to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
KOPF.DALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
r.'.ght 25c to |I. w<-ek $1 25 to |4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth Et.,
lifar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
.SILVER, 127B, near Third and Harrison— Fur-
r.'.rhed rooms with gas and bath: reasonable.
SI7ITH. 126— Furnished room, suitable for gen-
tleman^
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6
Valencia at^ ___^^__^____^_^^____^
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
SELECT family hotel; new Interior; three spe-
' clal dinners weekly; rates to establish. 807
California st^
FINE sunny rooms with board; use parlor,
piano, phone. f.">0 Van Nesa ave.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First 6t., near Har-
rlron.
ROOMS WASTED.
BY gent, in good family, sunny front room,
centrally lx~ated. where German is spoken
gramn-.atically. Box 333. Call office.
WANTED — By young mechanic, room and board
in private Protestant family. Address A. O.,
room 3*>g, Winchester Hotel.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES^PETER FREIWtNG^S~plle~salvY, |1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero St., near gutter.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery Bt.. rooms 9-10; tel, 53S0.
ROOMS papered from 12 50; whitened. II up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Ca, 319 Third.
1 ' ¦
SEWIXC MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint »5.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
t«-d. Charles Plrmbeck. 1915 Mission, nr. lath.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand; large
display: very cheap. 1167 Market. bet. 7th & Sth.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE and loft; 34 Heron; rent very cheap.
MADISON & BURKE. -
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
BEKIN5 Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission Bt.;
tel. Main 1S10; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
z vans. Tenth nnd Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Ptorace and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2"W Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 251.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS- We
seii beiter machines for less money than any
fccuse in the city: rentals, (3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters: any make.
Writ* for prices to L. t 11. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery et.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDENE~NOTICE— Dividend"^] ""wTtwenty-
five cents per staare) of the Kllauea Sugar
1'lantA.tion Company, will be payable at tht»
rfflce of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Tuesday, November 20, 1600. Transfer
books closed Thursday, November 15, 1900, at
3 o'clock x>. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. S3 (25 cents
per Ehare) of the Ilutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company, No. S27 Market st.. on and
after Tuesday. November to. 1900. Transfer
books will close on Wednesday, November 14,
1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be insertel They must be handed
in at e-lther of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name anJ residence of per-
eons authorized to*have the eame published.
MARRIED.
KKNNT— MtTRPHT— In this city. November 10.
1900. at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev.
Father Ramm, Joseph B. Kenny and Nora
A. Murphy.
; DIE x>. ~~
Abbott. Georee H. Jenkins. Mrs. May
liofinger. Elsie Johnson, Emily
Prown. William Lammers, Henry J.
Chadwick. Nathaniel Lawler, Thomas II.
'¦"oey. Amelia K. Marcuse. Marcus
t>onald. Irving C. Meagfjer. Annie
Driscoll. Mary Mideste. Helen F.
Duncan, Squire Myers, Eliza R.
Flynn, Patrick Nagle, Margaret
Hammond. Stephen Neron. Marie
Harripon. Florence N. Tracy. Henry N.
Hinrtch. Helene Tyrrell. Katharine G.
Hook. Roelna F. "Walsh. Annie
Hoppe-Harper, Mrs. Wheeler. Isaac B.
J. D.
ABBOTT— In Oakland. November 17. 1900.
George H. Abbott, beloved son of the late
William nnd Nancy A. Abbott, and- brother
of Allan II.. Edward F.. John P. and Wil-
liam Abbott, a native of Canada, aced 30
years.
BOFINGER— In this city. November 18. 1900.
Elsie BoflnBer. beloved daughter of Jacob and
Habette Bonnger, an<l sister of August.
Charles. Louisa, George, Jacob, Julia and
Kate Boflnger, a native of San Francisco,
aped 11 years 3 months and 20 days.
BROWN— In this city, November 17. 1900. Wil-
liam Brown, a native of New York, aced 60
years.
CHADWICK— In this city. November 17, 1900,
Nathaniel G.. beloved husband of Johanna
Chadwick, and father of James P. and Fred-
erick Chadwick and Mrs. E. F. McChesney, a
native of New Hampshire, aged 66 years 9
months and 5 days. (Chicago and Brewer,
Me., papers please copy.)
CrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, fre-m his late resi-
dence, 1306 Valleja street. Interment private.
COET— In Berkeley, November 18. 1900, Amelia
Kipp Coey, beloved wife of David X. Coey,
and mother of Harvey S., Mabel E. and Ed-
ward C. Coey, a native of New York State.
aged S5 years.
DONALD— In Ocean View, November 16, 1300.
Irving Craig, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
David Donald, and brother of Frank and Bes-
sie Donald, a native of California, aged 3
yeare 4 months and 7 days.
CrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 133 Victoria eireet. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DRISCOLL— In this city, November IS, 1900,
Mary Ijriscoll. a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, acred T3 years.
DUNCAN— In this city, November 16, 1300,
Squire Duncan, dearly beloved father of Mrs.
Alice Huckins. Mrs. Pearl Clarke and Frank
and Louis A. Duncan, and brother of Frank
M. Duncan of Chlco, a native of Missouri,
aged 66 years. (Chico papers please copy )
CTServlces will be held this day (Monday),
at 3:30 o'clock, at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
BAY AND BIVEB. STEAMEBS.
FOR U, S, NAYY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a m. S:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 3
p ti' Landlnff and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
fart: sop
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 o. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HiOEo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sallinr.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. December 6. 1900
SS. .AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December 29, WOO
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
, , W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
rinr £12 First Class Including Berth
I Hilt $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov 24. Dec 4
OnO. W. ELDER sails Nov. 19. 29
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market st
From 6p»ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
DISPATCH FAST BTEAMEItS TO .
PORTLAND
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
<y Steamers leave Broadway
Wfc wharf, San Francisco:
VraVhMai- For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
»*R?v&V Nov - 17> "• 2T - 1>ec - 2 - Change
isP>wv5'£a t0 compan y' s steamers at Se-
R&S^iSM N&il For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
»fifj«£r«<-^-\! C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
/^^^'JjETrKvji Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Nov. 17. 12. 27, Dec. 2
and every fifth day thereafter. Change at Se-
attle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ky. : at Seattle or Tacoma to Is'. F.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Ray— 2 p. m., Nov.
19. 24, 29, Dec. 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Uleeo, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlotu,
Santa Harbara. Ventura. HOeneme. San Pedrn.
East Snn Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport —
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bor.ita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose rtfl
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
, For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without rrevioun notice.
TICKKT OKFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PKUKINS & CO.. Gen. AK*.1t*.
10 Market !>t.» San Francisco.
COMPAGHIE GENERALE TBAHSATLANTIQUS.
DIHECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of ¦tf^jy^j
Saturday, from November 2. 1S99. at TflVPBill
10 a. m . from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. First-class to Havre, $35 and
upward. Second-class to Havre. $42 50 and up-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UN'ITED
STATES and CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson
building). New York. J. F. FCOAZI & CO..
Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue,
San Francisco.
J. D. SFRECKELS k BROS. CO.. Agls Jichi Office, 643 HaiietSt
freight Odin. 327 V 2rtet St., Pier la. 7, Pacific SL
SS. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, November 21, 9 p. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Monday. December 3, 2 p. m.
63. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ,
Tuesday. December 4. 4 p. m.
QCCailiCk&tO. gggssss
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ROYAL INSURANCE BUILDING,
Corner Fine and Sansame Sts.
BRANCH OFFICE 310 PINE STRETE.
GORDON & FRASBR. Manofters.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
ROLLA V. WATT, Manager,
Real estate owned by company J3.143.C90 05
Loans on bonds and mortgages 230,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company S.79«.8O9 3
Cash in company's office 2.581 21
Cash in banks 348,813 05
Interest du« and accrued on all
stocks and loans U.037 49
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 1.J16 »7
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 660.866 48
Rents due and accrued 13.422 47
Amount receivable under perpetual
policies B65 >7
• Total assets .I7.240.S&2 40
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid IS2.289 21
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense "5 1 ?!? i".
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 62,538 42
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less, $2,777,235 S3; rein- *
surance 50 per cent 1,888,642 S4
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year. $4,325.101 63;
reinsurance pro rata ..: 2,206,515 33
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 225.533 47
Liability under life department 120,436 83
Due and accrued for salaries, rent
etc 22,322 62
All other demands against the com-
pany 273,083 43
Total liabilities H.765.642 45
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $4,008,023 01
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 10,537 36
Received for interest an<i dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 154,731 71
Received for rents 54,007 85
Total income $4,227.305 93
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount Daid for fire losses (In-
cluding $4?9.659 36. losses of pre-
vious years) $2,943,232 24
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 684,444 86
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 34S.523 09
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 133,853 81
All other payments and expendi-
tures 263,363 13
Total expenditures $4,383.417 15
Losses Incurred during the year (flre). $2, 955, 557 03
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year $600,936,062 $3, 333,181 13
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 6SJ.973.447 4,775,138 71
Net amount In force
December 31. 1893.... 791,040.751 7.102.302 84
E. F. BEDDALL. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23d
day of January. 1900.
EDMUND HARVET. Notary Public.
ASSETS.
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE 81ST
day of December, A. D. 1899, and for the
year ending on that day, as mad» to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed, as
per blank furnished by ths Commissioner.
INSURANCE COMPANY
ROYAL
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OP THHS—
STATEMENT
-or the—
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S29 Union street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4C6 Gough Etreet, thence to St. Mary'y
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WHEELER— In Oakland, November 18. 1900,
Isaac B. Wheeler, beloved husband of Theresa
C. Wheeler, and father of Mrs. M. L. Mau-
rer, Mrs. E. A. TUIley, Mrs. Daniel Meader,
Z. G. Wheeler. Mrs. W. S. Kucker and Wil-
liam A. Wheeler, a native of Augustus, Ky.,
aged 70 years 6 months and 20 days. (Balti-
more, Md., and Quincy, Cal., papers pleas <
copy.)
CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at
S:30 o'clock, from her late residence, 961 Kirk-
ham street, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock.
TRACY— In this city, November 18, 1900, Henry
N. Tracy, a resident of Placervllle, aged 64
years and 4 days.
ICTInterment at Placervllle.
WALSH— In this city, November 17. 1900, Annie.
beloved wife of Patrick Walsh, and mother
of Irene and Henry Walsh, a native of County
Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 35 years and 3
months. (New York papers please copy.)
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 626 Seventeenth street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
NEItON-In Oakland, November IS. 1900. Marie
Neron. mother of B. T. Colin, a native of
France, a^ed 78 years.
TYRRF.LL— In Oakland, November 17. 1900,
Katherine Gertrude, beloved wife of P. J.
¦ Tyrrell, a native of Flushing, Long Island,
New York, aeed 12 years
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her parents'
residence, 1319 Montgomery. Interment Holv
Cross Cemetery.
MYERS— In this city. November 18, 1900, Eliza
R. Myers, beloved mother of Mrs. L. F. Bas-
eett, Mrs. J. E. Hoyle and Gussie and George
JackBon. a native of Ohio, aged 65 years 6
months and 3 days.
• £7" Interment at Sacramento. Cal.
NAGLE — In Oakland, November 18. 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Edward Nagle,
a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 75S Harrison street, between Third and
Fourth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric car.
MARCUSE— In this city, November IS. 1300,
Marcus, beloved husband of Amelia Marcuse.
and father of J. M. and Seymour C. Marcu^e
and Mrs. D. N. Friesleben, a native of Ger-
many, aged 71 years 11 months and 24 days.
<MarysvIlle papers please copy.)
C?" Funeral and interment private. Please
omit flowers.
MEAGHER— In this ,-elty. November 18, 1900,
Annie, beloved mother of Joseph Meagher, a
native of County Tipperary. Ireland, aged
75 years.
CTRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor
& Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
MODESTE— In this city, November 17. 1900,
Hel*n -Flora, dearly beloved dauchter of Au-
g-urt and Hr>len E. Modeste. and sister of
Augustine, Julia, Louisa, Edward, Charles
and August Modeste and Mrs. E. Bonaclna.
a native of San Francisco, aged 13 years 4
months and 5 days.
tC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1S13 Sixteenth avenue south, between
P and Q streets south. South San Francisco.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LAMMERS— In this city. November 18. 1900.
Henry Jansen Lammers, a native ot Ger-
many, age<l 66 years.
1ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from B'nai B'rith
Hall. 121 Eddy street/ under the auspices of
the Draymeirs and Teamsters' Union. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
Remains at the parlors of A. W. Martin &
Co.. 118 Geary street.
LAWLER — In this city, November 16. 1900.
Thomas H. Lawler, beloved husband of Mar-
garet J. Lawler, and father of Howard J.,
Thomas H.. Joseph B. and Frank C. Lawler.
Mrs. J. M. Verdenal and Mrs. E. Puerari, a
native of Brooklyn, N. Y.. aged 64 years.
IE7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1316 Page street, thence to St. Agnes
Church, Masonic avenue, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing . at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARRISON— In this city. November 18. 1900.
Florence Nightingale Harrison (formerly F.
N. Brown), beloved wife of A. O. Harrison,
and mother of Arthur and Maybelle Harrison
and W. D. Brown, a native of San Francisco,
aped 3S years 4 months and- 14 days. (Balti-
more. Md., papers please copy.)
(CrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 81 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HINRICH— In this city, Novei-Wer 18, 1900
Helene. beloved wife of Peterniinrich. and
mother of Phillip Hlnrich and Mrs. F. Kai-
ser, a native of Germany, aged CO years 1
month and 7 days.
inyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1608 Grove street, between Lyon street
and Central avenue. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HOOK— In this city. November 17. 1900, Roslna
Florence, beloved wife of Harry Hook, and
mother of Stewart H., William W. and the
late Samuel G. Hook, a native of New York
City, aged 50 years 10. months and 25 days.
CXiFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this das
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1618 Hayes street. Cremation Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
HOPPE-HARPER— In this city. November IS.
1900. Mrs. J. D. Hoppe-Harper. beloved
mother of Edwin E. Hoppe. a native of Vir-
ginia, aged 7S years and 3 months.
E7"Remalns at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass. 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
JENKINS— In Austin, Texas. November 15,
1900, Mrs. May Jenkins, late of San Fran-
cisco.
JOHNSON — In South San Francisco, November
17, 1900, at her residence, 1813 Sixteenth ave-
nue south, Emily Johnson, dearly beloved
wife of Otto H. Johnson, and beloved mother
ot Otto T. and Uuella Johnson, a native of
Whiteslde County, Illinois, aged 66 years 6
months and 24 days. (Sterling- Gazette and
Proferstown Spike please copy.)
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. - Interment at Washington.
FLYNN— In this city, November 17. 1900. Pat-
rick Flynn, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Flynn. and father of James, Timothy
and Joseph Flynn, Mrs. E. Lundbere. Mrs.
J. J. Conlon and the late Mrs. B. West, a
native of County SUko. Ireland, aged 75 years.
C7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1903 Hyde street, thence to St. Brlgid's
Church, where a solemn high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HAMMOND— In this city, November 18. 1900,
Stephen M., eldest and beloved son of J. J.
and Maggie Hammond, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 25 years and 4 months. (Texas
papers please copy.) .
ADVERTISEMENTS.Juvenile smoking seems ra.ther approved.
f)l than otherwise In Australia. Incredi
ble thourh it may appear, they have al
ready discussed the advisability of at
taching smoking-rooms to the schools.
j^opvilar Prices for Qrarvd Opera a Success J\bo\?e
arvd ar\ Unsolved Problem BeloW Family Gircle.
i^*l]LiT:g^HE popular night at the opera
r > I" ie still an unsolved problem.
& 1 Downstairs last night was just
tj*. I . enough cheap to be unfashlon-
able and just dear enough to
be unpopular. Upstairs was
no more crowded than it has
been right along— which means that It
was full to Its seating capacity It filled
for three and two dollar?, ard it filled for
two and one. and the fringe of slanders
t.ms ' no deeper for the reduction. Be
fides. it was Sunday night, and a Sunday
night audience is much like the capital
prize in a lottery.
The orchestra seats looked well filled,
but It was due In a great measure to the
art of the box office. It was a "well sold"
Fpcticn. The dress circle had room to
spare, and it cnu only when or.e mounted
to the height of the family circle that he
had to hunt for room. But two or three
procenium boxes were filled.
It wa«= an audier.ee. too, that seemed
Komtwhat undecided a:: to how it should
have dressed itself. The pit had its quota
of dress suits. v:ith here ard there a
budncES suit to btias floisrn the average-
The dress circle ran to Tuxedos. The gal
leries, ever independent, ran to every
days ar.d shirt-waists. It was not so
bright and highly-colored :in audience as
gathers to thrill ar.u dap and shout
"Bravo" on full-price nights, but it was
a good Sunday night audier.ee, even for
times when prices are popular in the ac
tual as well as the re'ative sense. And
what it lacked in gavety cf color war,
made up in enthusiasm. • ror the popular
pricer is a mupic lover and hi? -applause
is uninliuer.c«»d by the cost of his seat.
And there was no rush and rattle of
carriages, no shouting of hao'.imen. no el
bowing of police. Six hacks were waiting
quietly for custom when the crowd cams
out. and four of thorn were enraged.
The popular price Jhl rood where it was
most needed— in the higher altitudes.
Lower down it ha? yet to be appreciated.
SPIRIT IS LACKING-
"II Trovatore" Is Applauded,
but Without Warmth.
By Blanche Partington.
A rather perfunctory performance on
the whole was "11 Trovatore" last night
at the Grand Opera-house. Even the or
chestra seemed to be affected, and the
house, though enthusiastic, was not wildly
so. though quite up to the measure of the
incitement.
¦Whatever the reason, the atmosphere
was unin?piritlng. heavy, and singers, or
chestra and house alike seemed conscious
of something lacking, perhaps thn, pei
haps that, but it was in the air. ¦ .
Mme. Olitzka made perhaps the most
favorable impression of the evening
among the artists with her rendering of
Azucena. She has a warm, expressive
voice, ¦with some good chest tones and a
large, easy range. The registers might
be more evenly joined and the Intonation
is not always certain, but the Azucena
was sung with spirit and was well en-
joyed.
Mme. Xordlca ¦was heard last evening as
Leonora, and though she does nothing ill,
yet she was not at her. best last night.
Not that the voice cannot fulfill all the
vocal requirements of the role, but the
spirit of the music is essentially foreign
to her emotional key, which is lacking in
the lightness and vivacity necessary for
Its best Interpretation. Nor is the voice
itself of the right caliber; it has not suffl
cient of the lyric quality: but it was beau-
MME. ROSA OLITZKA, WHO SAN'G AZUCENA LAST XIGHT AT THE
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE IN "IL TROVATORE." HER WORK IN THE
GYPSY DUET WAS WARMLY APPLAUDED.
tlfully heard and most heartily applauded
in one or two of the slower arias.
Mr. Dippel was the Manrico, and pleas
antly heard in the part. His voice lacks
distinction and climax, but it has a
sweet and pleasing quality and is well
modulated and flexible. His rendering
of the "Dl quella pira" brought down the
house and i.e was forced to repeat the
number. He acted with grace and dis
tinction throughout.
Mr. Dufriche is possessed of a fairly
good barytone voice, a bad method and a
severe vibrato. Like all singers afflicted
with a tremolo his intonation Is uncer
tain, and his Comte di Luna was an in
differently good performance all round.
Mr. Maseiro and Mr. Journet. the former
of whom sang a competent Ruiz, com
pleted the cast. The opera was well
staged.
To-night Melba will be heard as MIml,
in "La Boheme," with Campanari, Cre
moninl, Gilbert. Journet and Fritzl
Scheff in the cast.
An announcement extraordinary Ts
made by the management anent a series
of excursions which will be arranged from
various points, including Reno, Bakers
field, Salinas, Redding and all Interven
ing stations, on next Thursday, Friday
and Saturday evenings to enable the out
of-town people to get a taste of grand
opera. Further arrangements will be later
announced.
The Grau programme for the week Is as
follows:
Tuesday evening— "Don Giovanni." Cast
—Donna Anna, Mme. Nordica; Zerllna,
Saturday evening "Faust" will be re
peated with this distribution of roles:
Marguerite. Mme. - Melba.; Marta, Miss
Bauermeister; Slebel, Miss Homer; Faust,
Saleza; Valentine, Campanari; Wagner,
Dufrlche; Mephistopheles, Ed de Reszke.
This will be M. de Reske's first appear
ance here in this character. It Is one of
his greatest successes and ho has achieved
a worldwide reputation In it. Signor Man
cinelll will conduct.
Friday evening— "Gil Ugonotti" (The
Huguenots), with this cast: Valentina,
Mme. Xordica; Urbano, Miss Olitzka; first
Dama d'Onore, Miss Bauermeister; sec
ond Dama d'Onore. Mme. Cauteren; Mar-
Bherlta dl Valois, Mme. Suzanne Adams;
Raoul di Nangis, Dippel; Conte di San
Brls, Plancon: Conte di Nevers, Scotti;
Huguenot soldier, Jacques Bars; Ta
vannes, Hubbuenet; I>e Retz. Vivlanl;
Maurevert, Dufrlche; IDs Cosse, Masiero-
Marcello, Ed de Reszke: conductor, Flon.
Saturday matinee— "Lohengrin," with
this cast: Elsa von Brabant. Mme. Gad
ski; Ortrud, Mme. Schumann-Helnk; Lo
hengrin, Van Dyck; Der Heerrufer de3
Koenlgs, Muhlmann: Frledrich von Tel
ramund, Bispham: Heinrlch der Vogler,
Blass; conductor, Walter Damrosch.
Miss Fritz! Schoff; Donna Elvira, Mme.
Gadski; Leporello. Ed de Reszke; Don Ot
tavio, Salignac; Masetto, Pint Corsl; II
Commendatore, i Journet; Don Giovanni,
Scottl; conductor, Mancinelll.
Wednesday evening "Tannhauser" will
be repeated with the same cast as before.
Thursday evening— "Romeo et Juliette,"
with the same cast as before.
"IL TROVATORE " SUNG TO FULL
AND ENTHUSIASTIC GALLERIES
STATE MINERS
HERE TO MEET
IN CONVENTION
Delegates Arrive to Attend
Session of California
Association.
Important Measures Affecting Min
ing Industry "Will Be Considered-
Probable Successor to W. C.
Ralston as President.
The ninth annual convention of the
California Miners' Association, which
¦will begin this morning at Golden Gate
Hall, promises, to be the most important
In the history of the organization. The
ecFsicn Is expected to last throe days a:iu
much good work In the Interest of mining
will be consummated in that t.me.
Headquarters for the delr-^ates was
opened In room 126 of the Palace Hotel.
A number ot the deletnite? from the in
terior counties arrived yesterday and reg
istered at the various hotels. Immedi
ately upon their arrival they visited tha
headquarters and registered tLeir name.'.
It is estimated that there are four hun
dred delegaifs in town to represent the
gTeat mining industry of California.
Secretary K. H. Benjamin to last
right had received the credentials of ovtr
iw delegates. It is thought that nearly
<00 delegates will participate in the pro
ceedinpr* <if the couve::tion.
The Petroleum Miners' Association wili
tend 14 delegates, Southwestern Miners'
Association f>, San Frar.cisco Chamber of
Commerce S, Sacramento Chamber of
Commerce 5. I>os Angeles Chamber of
Commerce 5, Fresno Chamber of Com
merce 5, University of. California 1, Stan
ford University 1, and there will be an
honorary delegation vi H United States
Senators and Congressmen.
The convention will be called to order
this morr.ir.g .it 10 o'clock by \V. C. Rai
eton. president of the association. His
annual report is expected to create some
thing: of u sensation. It is understood
that Mr. Kalston v.ill jnake a \*ltrorous ef
fort .to arouse the association from its
lethargy in certain matters affecting u>
welfare. The oil interests of the State
will be largely represented at the conven
tion and measures for their protection
will be acted upon.
The various committee reports will be
har.dt-d in to the Cr.rrimitiee on Rpso'.u
tlon? early this mornins- interesting^ re
i>orts will be tilod by Judse John M.
\Vr:pht. chairman of the Committee on
Min^rul Lands: Senator John F. Dav'f,
chairman cf the Committee on Legisla
tion; A. Caminetti. chairman of the Com
mittee on Dams and Hydraulic Mining.
who will make an exhaustive report rt—
fcarding the Government work on the
Tuba River; Thomas J. Barbour. chair
man of the Committee on Dredging, who
vrill report or. what has been and what
¦will be done for that branch of the min
ing Industry in this State, and B. S.
¦Rector, chairman of the Committee on
Revision of Conrtitution and By-Law? ,
•who will rrcommend a number of changes
In the matter of enlarging: the scope of
the association.
Considerable Interest attache? to th*
probable successor of W. C. Ralston, as
president of the California Miners' Asso
ciation, who ha? declared that he ¦will not
Accept a renomina-tlon. , Fred Zeitler of
Nevada County, John McMurray of Trin
ity County and Charles G. Yale are men
tioned as likely candidates for the high
position, thoujrh Zeitler has authorized
ihe secretary of the Nevada County Min
ors' Association to announce that under
r.o circumstances will he allow his name
to be presented.
Rejected Lover's Revenge.
Maggie Ashmun. a woman of the Bar
bary Coast, was arrested Saturday night
Drinkers of Evans' Ale or Stout
Never hesitate to drain bottle — because there's
no sediment. Any dealer will supply them. •
Hob a Telephone Box.
• Burglars entered the -paste factory of
"Victor Robinson, 1169 Howard street, ear
ly yesterday.' morning " and wrecked tho
telephone box. They secured about 45
cents in nickels andslugs end effectively
put the entire line out of business.
The French Workman's Accident Assur
ance Association offers a prize of 1000
5£ ancs to the inventor who shall produce
the best.glovo for use, by electjjcal work
ers to safeguard them from accident The
gloves must cover the forearm as well as
the ; hands and must be light and leave
the utmost liberty to the worker. If none
of. the devices submitted comes up to the
required standard the prize will be divided
among those inventors who most nearly
approach it.
Old Knossos and the Labyrinth.
Professor Louis Dyer of " Oxford will
give a second university extension lecture
at the Y. M. C. A. Association Auditorium
this evening at 8 o'clock. : He will
lecture on "Old Knossos ; and the Laby
rinth of Minos," illustrating the discourse
by stereopticon views. Admission free to
the public. -
Church of Advent Fair.-
At the grand benefit bazaar for the aid
cf the .Church of the Advent to be given
at Golden Gate Hall on Thursday and Fri
day of this week there will be a continu
ous and well chosen performance every
night. The Indies of tho parish are calling
In all the; outside talent to make the
church fair a great success. Among oth
er attractions there will be a well-known
seeress in attendance who will read all vis
itors palms. A fish pond will gladden
the children, and mothers will rejoice In
an unequaled opportunity to purchase
dolls and sifts of beauty for their Christ
mastide giving.
Dies in Fellow-Lodger's Boom.
A woman named Leggerty died early
yesterday - v mornlng in the room occupied
by a man named Robert T. McAllister in
the lodging-house at 62 Second street
McAllister, who notified the landlady of
the affair, claims that the woman must
have wandered into his room in the night
and there died, as he did not see her until
he woke up.
McAllister was arrested pending the re
sult of the autopsy. The police, however,
credit his story and think the woman died
of alcoholism. - , -vsr."
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best In city. •
EIGHT BOUTS BEFORE
THE BAY CITY CLUB
Interesting Card Arranged for a
Number of Well-Known
Amateurs. .
The Bay City Amateur Athletic Club
will give its monthly exhibition this even
ing In the clubrooms. 320 O'Farrell street.
The following boxing card of four-round
bouts will be run off: Bert Crowder vs.
Tom Hale; Johnny Ware vs. William
Snailem; Joe Allen vs. Jim Kelly; Peter
Coleman vs. George Merrltt:Joe Sullivan
vs. Jim Carney; Oscar Wilson vs. William
O'Brien; Jack Sullivan vs. Jim Ryan;
"Indian" Joe Gregg vs. Charles Hawley.
The last event promises to be spectacu
lar and theatrical as well as pugilistic.
by Policeman Duane on a charge of
drunkenness. . Yesterday morning Alfred
Hill complained to Captain Seymour that
the woman had robbed him of $70 in her
room in the Broadway block Saturday, aft
ernoon, and she was booked on a charge
or grand larceny. She denied the charge,
and. said that Hill, who had lived with her
for two years, had accused her through
spile, as Charles Larsen, a longshoreman,
wanted to marry her, and she intended to
acceRt him and turn over a new leaf.
pered one of the men , who had steered
Rodgers to the house. "Wait until you
get a big 'hand* and then soak them."
Rodgers did not have long to wait, for
ho was dealt four kings a few minutes
after he had taken his seat.
with a knowing wink to his two
"friends," Rodgers bet $oO, all the ready
money he had.
"I>on't be a piker," whispered one of the
steerers; "play everything you've got.
You can't Iofc."
Rodgers evidently thought so, as he
took out a check. for $500. and placing it
on the table announced that he would bet
the entire amount that he had the top
hand." Rodg-ers' opponent showed down
four aces and raked down the "pot."
Realizing- he had been robbed, Rodgers
went to police headquarters and told his
tale of. woe to Captain of Detectives Sey
mour. From his description of the gang,
beymour is satisfied that tho man who
induced hlm-.to play against the game is
. Dutchy ' Reynolds, one of the most
noted bunko men in the State. The po
lice expect to arrest him and the rest of
the gang to-day.
TWO MEN STABBED
DURING SALOON ROW
Albert Heins, a Marine, Arrested on
a Charge of Assault to
Murder.
Albert Ilelns, a marine, got mixed up
In a fight at 443 Bush street early yester
day morning, and is now in the City
Prison on a charge of assault to murder.
Both his eyes are swollen and blackened,
and he showed other slgnc of having
been severely punished. His recollection
of what happened is very hazy, as he ad
mits he waa considerably under the influ
ence of liquor.
It appears that Heins got into an alter
cation with F. Courser and H. Frazler,
and words led to blows. Heins opened his
pocketknife and succeeded in stabbing
Courser five times and Frazler once be
fore he was knocked out. Heins was ar
rested and booked on the charge of as
rault to murder. Courser was sent to the
Receiving Hospital, where his wounds
were stitched and dressed.
Henry Rodg-ers, a recent arrival from
the State of Washington, Is the latest vic
tim of bunko men. Yesterday, he was
walking alone Market street, when he
met two affable strangers who volun
teered to show him the sights. After vis
iting several saloons one of the men sug
gested that they call on a friend who was
living on Post street, between Powell and
Mason. Rodgers at first objected, but
when told that the "friend" was a recent
arrival from the Klondike and had
"money to burn" he consented. As they
entered the house they were met by a
well-dressed individual, who effusively
greeted the trio. After a short conversa
tion Rodgcrs was ushered into a well fur
nished room, in which three men were en
gaged In playing a frienuiy game of draw
poker. . ¦ %
Rodgers watched the game a while, and
finally dazzled by the "phony" greenbacks
and checks that littered the table con
sented to take a "hand."
"You ought to skin these guys," whls-
STRANGER FALLS INTO CLUTCHES
OF A GANG OF CARD SHARPERS
Henry Rodgersof Washington Relieved of $^90 by Bunko
Men in the Manner Peculiar to Their Kind. .
The block on Page street between Scott
and Dcvh^lero is covered with broken
glass, the result of a rear-end collision be
tween electric cars inbound from the
park and ocean. It locked for a minute as
if several people would be maimed or
would lose their lives, but .by a lucky
chance the greatest casualties were
caused by the flying glass from . the car
windows.
On Sundays large electric cars are run
from the ocean into tho city -with
out transfer, and one of these had just
come down the hill on Page street, be
tween Devi&adero anil Broderick, when a
Page-street car appeared on the brow tof
the hiil abovo and commenced to de
scend. It had proceeded half way down
tho hill when it became apparent that
something was wrong with its brakes,
tor it was gathering speed at an alarming
rate, and was rapidly nearlng the car
from the ocean which was running ahead
of it. The motorman of the rear car real
ized tho danger of the passengers on the
car ahead, and as he came on he shouted
to the people on the ocean car to jump
and get out of the way before the collision
came. A good many took the advice and
jumped, several of them tumbling over
one another on the bituminous pavement,
but beyona being thoroughly shaken up
none of them waa hurt. Two boys, who
were hanging to the rear of the car,
were pulled through the rear windows
just in time to escape being caught in the
collision.
The cars had run half way down the
blcck between Devisadero and Scott when
the rear car came against the one ahead
with a crash that aroused the neighbor
hood. It bore the ocean car along past
Scott street before they were linally
brought to a standstill by the brakes of
the car ahead. In: the meantime there
was not a pane of glass left in either car.
Both were crowded, and the Hying splint
ters cut thy passengers about their hands
and faces. It looked as if some of. them
were badly hurt. Several ot the men who
jumped lound it hard to get up after they
struck me ground, and one of the ladies
fainted and had to bo taken into a near-by
doorway to be restored. The cars were
very much the worse for the accident,
but they were In condition to propel them
selves home after a little fixing.
The explanation given for the accident
Is that the brakes on the Page-street
car refused to work, and the motor
would not "slug" as it does in some cars —
that is, by the turning off of the cur
rent and the continued progress of the
car, the motor becomes for the time be
ing not a motor but a dynamo, and in
stead of using electricity it generates.
All that is generated works in opposition
to the progress of the car, and in some
Instances it will check the speed until the
car runs slowly again. Why the cur
rent was not reversed was not explained,
but the fact that the motorman on. the
Page-street car knew what was coming
ana warned the passengers ahead, seems
to point to the fact that he at least was
doing what he could to ward off the dan
ger. One of the stories is to the effect
that he saw the car ahead about to stop
and applied the brakes to his car so
forcibly that they broke.' but in any case
when the cars came together the passen
gers were all in places of comparative
safety and what might have been a dis
aster proved but an unlucky accident.
Among the passengers was Miles Shar
key. a recent arrival from Nevada. He
was sitting on the dummy when the car
ran away.
* iw tUd . not dare to Jump," he said when
telling his version of the accident, '"as
I knew that if I did I would be seriously
injured, if not killed. Just as the cars
collided I was hurled into the air, but
fortunately fell on my hands and knees.
Beyond a few bruises of the leg I escaped
uninjured."
II. -A. Meder. a friend of Sharkey, was
also on the car. Recognizing- that an ac
cident was inevitable, he jumped from
the car, unmindful of the warning of the
other passengers. Fortunately for him he
escaped with nothing worse than severe
bruises of the left arm and thlch.
MARKET STBEET CABLE
~ BREAKS AND CABS STOP
Tie-TJp of Several Hours Results
From Porting' of Great
Wire Eope.
By the partinp of the Market street
cable yesterday afternoon the entire sys
tem under the control of the trunk line
was brought to a sudden stop. The cable
parted about 3:15 o'clock. It requireu sev
eral hours to locate the ends. As soon
as they were found and hauled into the
splicing shop at Valencia and Market
streets the splicing process was started
The cars started again about 9 o'clocJv
and ran till 1. Then a permanent splice
In the cable was begun.
•The present cable has b«en in use for
a number of years and this Is the fir^t
time that It has delayed the traffic. A
new cable will be one of the necessities
of the corporation in the near future The
Market street cable is compelled to do all
the haulinp for the McAllister, Hayes and
Haight street lines, between their junc
tions with the main artery and the ferry,
and for the Valencia street line for its
entire length. McAllister and Hayes
streets have relief cables from their Junc
tions with Market street, but when the
trunk is affected the whole system is nec
assarily tied up.
Brakes Fail and Crash Comes After
Passengers Have Scrambled
or Tumbled Out of
Danger.
Rear-End Collision Between
Two Crowded Cars on
Page Street.
SCATTERS MEN
AND WOMEN AND
BROKEN GLASS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1900.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CORNER I/3T 137% FEET FRONT 021
SIX FINE HOUSES
BUTTER STREET.
RENTS $220 A MONTH.
$25,000.
MORTGAGE Or 120.000 CA2» VSXLAXS.
Price - - only $5,000
Corner 50-Vara Lot
Seott, with Fine Marine View.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 Montgomery Street,
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
Christmas
Eye-Glasses
Purchased from us trill b* exchanged to fit
after the holidays, free of charge-.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory -oa
premises. Quick repairing:. Fhone. Main 10.
uwotn chbo^xle Buno!"*. Catalogue fw!
0PTiaANsO*£^
642 Market 5t. \»w*™*
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, SOc flask. Richards & Co., 106 Clay.*
\M. X. HESS,
K0TABT PU3LI3 AXO ATTOSHBlf-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Sprockets Bid* .
Telephone Brown J3L *.
Residence, 821 California St.. below FoweU, *
S&a Francisco.
Dr. Wm. Botsford.1170 Market St.. noti-
fies his patients that he-has returned. •
DR.MOTLTY.
rvniS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
1 Specialist «<re.tBloo<l Poison, Uonorrhcea.Ole*t.
stricture, .^eniliml Weakness. Impotence and their
allied I Disorders. Book on Diseases ot Me... free.
Or«»r' t <WparVfXperetice.T«>nns reasonable. Hours.
Oto«5fily:fc»tolaoeT'KSL Randar^lOtn 12. Con.-.ul-
tatlon tree and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. BO8COE Mc.VCLTY, M.D.
flay, Kearny St.. Han Francisco, Cel*
BQWEN
VLB wJ
Bon bons for Thanksgiving
dinner — latest and prettiest
designs — all new goods —
ioc to $4 dozen
SPECIAL SAVING 5ALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea — reg'Iy 50c lb AOC
Different kinds to suit each taste
BaCOn— reg'Iy 18c lb l6|c
Armour's "Star" brand
Pineapple— reg'Iy 20c can 3 for 50C
Singapore — whole fruit — delicious
Sardines — imported small IOC
Bassett—Bezier large I7^C
reg'Iy i2$c and 25c can
Rye whisky bottle $\ 15
reg'Iy $1.40 and $5 gallon 4
10 year old— full quarts— Gibson
G 1 n— D C L—Old Tom 90C
Sweet or dry— reg'Iy $1 full quart
Holiday fancy groceries
continue to arrive in great
variety— food novelties for
oil r\rr*jcinnc
Shrimps-iibtins ioc
Biloxi — fine quality — reg'Iy 15c
Boullion Capsules 25c
Box of 10 — beef extract —
celery flavor— reg'Iy 30c
OHveS— Manzanilla 25C
Extra large— delicate flavor
reg'Iy 30c qt •
Ginger ale— Belfast $i 35
Cochrane & Co — best quality
reg'Iy Si 50 dozen
Salmon — ilbcan 10C
Selected fish — very choice^ — reg'Iy i2*c
Don't forget Vista del
Valle with your Thanks-
. giving drnner — it is the
choicest white wine made
in California
String beans— reg'Iy 12k can IOC
Young-tender — stringless — Vegetarian
Lard— reg'Iy 65c $1 20 5-lb pail 55c
Kettle rendered io-lb pail I 05
Turkey dusters-reg'iy &* 45c
All tail black feathers— maple handle
Bran BagS-Frenctf-regMy 25c 2OC
• Perfumes and softens the bath water
Brillantine— French 2 oc
Imparts beauty to the hair
reg'Iy 25c
Pop COm-reg'Iy 5c lb 6^ 25C
Com-popper small ioc large 15C
Fun for the little ones
TA«i mason's Ubhuchcn
GOLDBERG. BOWEN t CO'S BPECIAL 8AVIKQ BALK
CURTAINS.
E PORTIERES.
BLANKETS.
DLL H/VlKu«
SPECIALS THIS WEEK.
200 pairs FINE IRISH POINT CURTAINS, In Doth
Cream and Pure White, odd lots or 2, 3 and 4
pairs each,
31O.5O Rait-.
75 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, full length and
. width, in Reds, Blues, Greens and Browns, hand-
some fringes top and Bottom.
$4.5O Rait-.
125 TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS, In a variety of new
designs, all the latest colorings, heavu fringe all
around, size 8-4x8-4.
$4.5O Each.
100 pairs WHITE MISSION BLANKETS, full Size and
extra heaYD weight.
$6.OO Rair.
EXTJRA SPECIAL.
50 FINE EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS, covered with
Printed French Sateen and Corded Edges.
$5.OO Each.
Our Mail Order Department Is most complete,
All orders for samples or goods filled and
shipped the same dau theu are received.
HI, 113, 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
( German honeyeake )". Tropical
qlactf citron, Harry Peck's Eng-
lish sausages in cans, Henry
pattf defois gras in terrines, McJl-
henney's ground tabasco pepper,
Delicate*** and Bismarck hxrring
Winter supplies— lowest price* u e re
for the best goods.
Big illustrated price-list free.
41* Pint 232 Sutter iSoo California S^ Francisco
1073 Clay between Eleventh and Tw e | (th Oakland
OOLDBEHO. BOWEN ft CO'S SPECIAL 3AVI.H0 3ALS
id* *©l I
I WmM I
i wgsf 3 1
H Full Dress for l|.
W Little Chaps. %
iVB h* ve made a distinct hit ?5m.
fl/J with our full-drew «uiu for little «*2i
f, chaps, am pictured above. 6?^'
That earo« AetT*** of accurate- '»/'
tffs and correctness ¦which has Jttji
¦. , made our Juvenile apparel famous -tLtb
Kjj; Is prempllfled in our full-dress •pi
euits for little chapa. &W .
"if The smart chc:>» are wearlnc XS
IU nurh ruits for parties, theater*. ]{[,.
'fy eoelal functions and all occasions jjtf
\v/> where full dress is a feature, and I'R
><7 one of the pleasant feature* cf «*
<p>S> our full-dreee suits is the little KR
to? price that soes with them. tjf
I RAPHAEL'S, Inc., I
) THE FRISCO BOYS. #>
; 1 j Cor. Kearny Street and Union 1« [
<\ it( Square Avenue. _%A
2 fiullyGe^*
I RAPHAEL'S §
| Holiday Jackets |
1 and- Gowns fjj
rfti Make the o'her stores' stocks £«}
M^ look like 30 cents. >sp
V* k "*"• *•"" sit-* \£b*
5* x ~ x m
£r' No left-overs from last year, ft
>j?£. Every Jacket, every Gown,
3jr a new one - styles tnat're dis- *$
Ji tinctively new. V*
f£* Method of Trimming and %&
jjfc- Color blending that's artistic 5I?
jBt and new. nM
«2f ** ?** •*» vjiL
fir Some swell Jackets in two- &t-
SL toned effects at : .'.^ E?
I S5.OO I
3^ • Selecting now means com- Jj
k£ fort and picking from a com- I2£
ftr plete assortment. CgC
f RAPHAEL'S, /nc.,m
ffi THE FRISCO BQYS. «
%T, Cor. Kearny Street and Union \£o
JeL Square Avenue.. ;»fi§-
1 m ll El 1 H fiH m &IM
ADVEBTISEHEirTS.