DR. EDWARD A. ROSS, WHO
RETIRES FROM STANFORD.
(Photograph by Thors.)
Last year I spoke three times In public, once
before university extension center on "The Brit
ish Empire," once before a church on "The
Twentieth Century City," and once before a
mass-meeting on coolie Immigration. To my
utterances on two of these occasions objection
has been made. It Is plain, therefore, that this
is no place for me. I cannot with self-respect
Objectionable Utterances.
My coolie immigration speech is not my sole
offense. Last April I compiled with an invita
tion from the Unitarian church of Oakland to
lecture before them on "The Twentieth Century
City." I addressed myself almost wholly to
questions of city growth and city health and
touched only Incidentally on the matter of pub
lic utilities. I pointed out, however, the drift,
both here and abroad, toward the municipal
ownership of water and gas works, and predict
ed that, aa regards street railways, American
cities would probably pass through a period of
municipal ownership and then revert to private
ownership under regulation. My remarks were
general in character and, of course, I took no
stand en local questions. Only months of spe
cial investigation could enable me to eay
whether a particular city like Oakland or San
Francisco could better Itself by supplying Its
own water or light. Tet this lecture was ob
jected to.
"In doing so I wish to express once more the
high esteem in which your work as a student
and a teacher, as well as your character as a
man, is held by all your colleagues."
"I have waited till now In the hope that clr-
CTimtlaacejjpjEht^ariBe which would lead you
to a reconsideration.
"At this has not been the case, I, therefore,
with great reluctance accept your resignation,
to take effect at your own convenience.
My resignation was not acted upon at once,
and efforts were made by President Jordan and
the president of the board of trustees to induce
Mrs. Stanford to alter her decision. These
proved unavailing, and on Monday, November
12, Dr. Jordan accepted my resignation in the
following terms:
Acceptance of Resignation.
"When I handed In the above Dr. Jordan read
me a letter which he had Just received from
Mrs. Stanford, and -which had, of course/ been
written without knowledge of my resignation.
In this letter she Insisted that my connection
with the university end, and directed that I
be (riven my time from January 1 to the end
of the academic year.
have given me. I am unwilling: to become a
cause of worry to Mrs. Stanford or of embar
rassment to you. I therefor* beg .leave to offer
my resignation as professor of sociology, the
same to take effect at the close of the acade
mic year 1900-01."
Noted Sociologist Resigns His Position Because His
Opinions Conflict With Those of the Patroness
of the Palo Alto University.
STAXFORD UNIVERSITY. Now •
13.— Dr. Edward Roes, head pro
fessor in the department of eco
nomics and sociology at Stan
ford University, has tendered his
resignation to President Jordan and will
leave the Institution in a few weeks.
This announcement broke like a. clap of
thunder from a clear sky upon the unsus
pecting students and faculty to-day, for
tnc term of Dr. Ross' professorship is as
old as the university itself and he was
one of the most celebrated and best liked
xr.en on the faculty. The most surprising
part of the affair is that Dr. Ross is
leaving against the wishes of both the
president of the university and the board
of trustees. President Jordan explains
t!ia.t Dr. Ross has resigned for purely
personal reasons, which cannot be made
public at present. Professor Ross, on the
other hand, avows that personal reasons
are not the real ones, as his relations
with both the faculty and the trustees
have been most pleasant and cordial on
both El£es.
So far as the students are concerneu
they are a ur.it in favor of his retention,
as Dr. Ross is one of the most conpanion
cble as -well as inspiring men on the fac
ulty.
In a statement which Professor Ross
grave out to-day he intimates that he has
been forced out of his position on ac
couct of remarks which he has made as a
ecientiFt and which are in line with his
work aa a. searcher and utterer of the
truth. The statement, which follows,
gives Dr. Ross 1 side of the story quite
fully:
Professor Ross" Statement.
At the berinnln* or last May a representa
tive of Organized Labor asked Dr. Jordan to
bo oce of the speakers at a. mail meeting; called
to protect as-aJnrt coolie lmmisrailon. and to
present "the scholar's Mew." He was unable
to attesfl, but recommended rce as a. substitute.
Accordingly I accepted, and on thcevening of
T read m. twenty -five-minute paper from
th* platform of Metropolitan Hall, in San Fran
cesco. My remark* appeared In part in the San
Franel*«> AalHes of May $. and in full on May
IS In a weekly c&ZIed Organized Labor.
I tried to Fbow that owing to its high
MalthuElan birth rate the Orient is the land of
•Vheap men," and that the coolie, thoug-h he
ccr.not outdo the American, can underllve him.
I took the ground that the fclph standard of
living: that restraini multiplication in America
arfl] be imperiled If Orientals are allowed to
pour Into tni» country in great numbers before
ther have raised their etand&rd of II Tins and
levered their birth-rate. I arrued that the *
Pacific Is the r.aiursJ frontier of East and .
and that California, might easily ei
prrlenee the tame terrible famines as India and
Chlca If It teemed with the earn* kind of men.
In thus seientincalljr co-ordinating the birth
rate with the Intensity of the struggle for ex
istence I etroclc a new note In the discussion
«f Oriental Immigration, ¦which, to quote one
Of the newspaper*, "made a profound impres
sion."
Displeases Mrs. Stanford.
At Stanford University the professors are
•rj>c!nted from year to year, and receive their
reeppointraent early in May. I did not ret
ir.lne then, but thought nothing of It until, on
ilar IS, I>r. Jorfiaa. to'.d me that, quite un
expectedly to him, Mrs. Stanford had nhown
fc*r»elf greatly diepleased with me, and had
refused to reappolnt me. He had heard from
tier Jutt after my address on coolie immigra
t:rn. He had no criticism for me, and was
profoundly distressed at the idea of dismissing
t>. for utterances within the scientist's
own field. He made earnest representations to
Mrs. Stanford, and en June 2 I received my
belated rearpolntment for 1900-01. The outlook
wes Fuch, however, that on June 5 I offered
the following resignation:
"Dear Dr. Jordan— I was eorry to learn from
yeu a fortnight ago that Mrs. Stanford do^s
»("•* approve of me as an economist and does
net want me to remain here. It was a pleas
ure, however, to learn at the same time of the
unqualified terms In which you had expressed
to her your high opinion of my work and your
complete confld»nce in me as a teacher, a
eclentlft and a man.
"While I appreciate the steadfast support you
decline to speak on topics to which I have Blven
years of Investigation. It is my duty as an
economist to impart on occasion to sober people
and In a scientific spirit my conclusions on sub
jects with which I am expert. And If I speak
I cannot but take positions which are Justified
by statistics and by the experience of the old
world, such as the municipal ownership of
water works or the monopoly profits of street
car companies/or by standard economic science,
puch as the relation of the standard of life to
the density of population.
I have lens been aware that my every appear
ance in public drew upon me the hostile at
tentlcn of certain powerful persons and inter
ests In San Francisco, and redoubled their ef
forts to be rid of me. But I had no choice but
to go straight ahead. The scientist's business
is to know some thlnsa clear to the bottom.
and if he hides what he knows he loses his
virtue.
I am sorry to go, for I have put too much
of my life Into this university not to love it.
aiy chief rcsret In leaving is that I must break
the ties that bind me to my colleague* of seven
years and must part from my great chief, Dr.
Jordan. I
Dr. Jordan's Statement. !
Speaking of the matter. President Jor
dan said that ho was exceedingly sorry
that Dr. Ros? had taken the action here
recorded. Continuing-, he said:
"I consider Dr. Ross a mun without a
peer in America to-day when it comes to
teaching social science. He is one of
the most virile and inspiring men in the
classroom that I know. The reason of his
resignation is a personal one. There is
absolutely no objection taken eltber to
the man, to what he teaches or the man
ner In which it is taught. The vacancy
he will leave in our faculty cannot be
filled. There are many good economists,
but there are no sociologists of his rank
in the country. At present I cannot say
who his successor will be."
Edward Alsworth Ross is probably the
most noted sociologist in America. He
was born in Iowa thirty-three years ago,
graduating from college at the- age. of
nineteen. The next five years he spent in
study at the University of Berlin and
Johns Hopkins University.- He took his
doctor's degree at the latter institution,
in 1891 at the age of 24. While here he be
came a member of the Phi Beta Kappa
fraternity. He was appointed professor
of economics and social science at Indiana
University by President ' Jordan In 1891,
taking the place left vacant by Professor
Jenks when the latter was called to the
head of his department at Cornell. Next
year Professor Jenks called Dr, Ross^to
tn6'~ assoclate"*""professofship : of political
economy and finance - at -.Cornell. During:
this time Dr.- Ross acted aa secretary of
the American Economical Association.
Professor Bass' Work.
' When Senator Stanford appointed Dr.
Jordan president of his new university he
gave him full power to appoint his as
sistants. The regard which President Jor
dan has for Ross' work is shown by. the
fact that one of the first appointments
he made was that of Professor Ross to be
head of the department of economic
theory and public finance at Stanford Uni
versity. This position he has held ever
since. In 1897 he was advanced to the pro
fessorship of sociology on account of his
brilliant work in that line.
Recently Dr. Ross was elected a mem
ber of the Institut International des So
ciologie, he being one of the seven Amer
icans so honored.
¦ In the last nine years Dr. Ross has con
tributed thirty-seven articles to the lead
ing journals of science. That his work is
of the highest order is shown by the fact
that he is a constant contributor to the
Political Science Quarterly, Annals of
American Academy, Quarterly Journal of
Economics, Yale Review, publications of
the American Economic Association,
American Journal of Sociology, Review of
Reviews, Arena. Independent and Out
look. He has already in the hands of the
publisher a book entitled "Social Control,"
which will appear next year in two vol
umes, "t
PROFESSOR ROSS' LECTURES
DISPLEASE MRS. STANFORD
BERLIN, Nov. 13.— Thirteen persons
were killed and fourteen others Injured
seriously in a tire damp explosion in the
Pluto coal mine at Wlosa. near Brux.
THTFTEK7T KILLED BY
EXPLOSION IN A MINE
LONDON. Nov. 13.-Slr Michael
Hicks-Beach, Chancellor of the
Exchequer, speaking this even
ing in Bristol, said It would not
be his privilege- in the next
budget to relieve the taxpayers. He
wished he could say that he was not able
to increase the budget, but the Govern
ment's expenses had been enormous, es
pecially in China and South Africa. He
declared emphatically, however, that the
wealth of the Transvaal would have to
bear part of the South African expenses.
The early calling of Parliament, with
the object of securing for the Government
further borrowing power to meet the ex
penses of the South African and Chinese
situations, has caused much comment In
the money market. It is understood that
the Government has already borrowed
4^.000.000 from the Bank of England, and
further operations of this kind would be
imprudent and would disorganize the
money market.
It I* quite impo*Bible to foretell what
amount the Chancellor of the Exchequer
trill find it necessary to borrow.
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach De
clares the Wealth of the
Transvaai Must Bear
Part of War's Cost.
JOHN BULL'S
EXPENDITURE
IS ENORMOUS
.BERLIN, Nov. 13.— Private advices an
nounce that the ; Catholic German mis
sionary, | Bishop Hammer,' ,was first hor
ribly ; and ¦ then burned alive . in
-Tustsen. "^.-rr' " ' ""•'
TORTURED AND BURNED ALIVE.
loss, killing 200 Chinese, arid capturing a
'quantity of arms and treasure.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— A special dispatch
from Tientsin, dated j November 10, says
a force of Russians has captured the ar
senal northeast of ' Tentsln with trifling
TWO HUNDRED CHINESE SLAIN.
• — ~ . * ¦
LONDON, ' Nov. 13. — Underrate
of Johannesburg,' November ..12. 1
Lord Roberts telegraphs .to the
War Office as follows:
"Ruridle reports ¦ skirmishes
with small parties of ; Boers . in : the' Har-!
rismith, Reitz arid'iVredo"; districts, recent^
ly. ; The coriimandos; appear to be acting
independently arid. with ;no^object,;except
to give as much annoyance as possible to'
the ; British. ; Our '.casualties' \ ; in * these'
skirmishes were : two 1 killed • a'nd^ seven"
wounded.- "; *. • •"¦''*¦.- ;,.} ' ] ¦'.''• : i
¦ "Douglas arrived Vat,. .VentersdorprNo- 1
vember ; 11 . f rom( Zerust^capturing!; during'
the marcli; twenty-seven ¦ a!rid 'a'
quantity, of '¦< cattle > arid -• sheep.'"- ..Venters-^
dorp, which l has~-beenja;depotj of ¦ supplies
for • the Boers,', wlirriWf be cleared 'out. M^M
Lord Roherts Reports SKlr
mishes. In -Three Districts '
and the ! Taking of 27
BOERS STILL
FIGHT AGAINST
BRITISH TROOPS
' : . Kennedy and Daniel Kil
dee in a" dance hall at Gem. Early in the
evening; Kennedy had been 'abusing .'Ad
ams, v ,and -the-, latter; told him to move-on
and Heave him alone.. At : 1 o'clock .Ken
nedy • and came ?into j Wilson's j sa
loon,; Kennedy/ with a revolver down -his
pants' leg < and ; a Winchester . rifle across
his arm,- arid Kildee With a'reyolver,- and
asked '- f or , ' A'danis. ;" , As they .started
through the ] archway , from i the saloon to
the darice \ h'allt t hey met Adams .' 'and Ken-!
riedyuBtaftedtoTralse.hls rifle. : Adams In
stantly ; df ew r a revolver and ; shot*; twice,
' striking^'both" ; .'menC In '.the head.".*. He; then
went to ".Wardner and : gave himself up.V
TTTT ':'-'-TTT" Tr"ALLACE, : Idaho, Nov.;
¦- V f\ ¦'¦;/: '' lir-About 1 : o'clock, thl3
' yLJ - • V/ '' morning Dick .Adams
:¦: Y\- ! .T' shot and killed ( Wi. Ham
TWO B AD MEN
KILLED IN A
DANCE HALL
I William Kennedy and :^ Daniel
| Kildee Go Gunning for< Dlckr
.Adams and Are Slain, '
. ¦ '-': Themselves. • •
forrnlles and 'is" tieln'g held by .finders' for
exorbitant salvage.' .
: ¦¦¦¦-. . . ¦ : :
Yl ARMOUTH. • N. S. , Nov. ¦ 13.— Up
¦ to 6 -p. nV. thirty -two bodies of
. victims. of the Monticello dlsas
• i ' ter-- had- been ¦ recovered and
! identified, and those belonging
out'of town were forwarded to their homes
in' St.' r John," Monctori." Barrlngton,' Hall
fax.-Lockport arid'other places' for inter
ment, i The bodies of twelve other persons
are still- missing. -/As! some of them .went
down with' the Monticello in deep water
theirremains may never be found. Cap
tain 5 Harding is one of the.number.
• The-. Monticello ¦ had .- a heavy miscella
neous cargo, which is now washing^ ashore
Remains -of r Captain Harding
"Among- Thoss. or -Victims •
::Ttiat:Will : Never Be : \;
; ' 'Recovered.
BODIES FROM
WRECK OF THE
MONTICELLO
A .TLANTA. Ga_. Nov. 13,-Rep
7 yV\ resentatlve Hardwick intro-
J duced a bill in the General
Assembly to-day providing
for an educational and prop
erty qualification - for suffrage in this
State. The bill Is similar to that enacted
In North Carolina. A -bill similar to the
one Introduced to-day was presented at
the last session of the Legislature by Mr.
Hardwick, but failed of passage.
" The bill Is expected to raise tne Issue of
a constitutional convention for Georgia,
and is said to be presented for that pur
pose. . If the measure should become a
law ' it would greatly, restrict tha nefro
vote in the State,
Bill Introduced In the General
Assembly Providing" for an
Educational and Property
Qualification.
DISFRANCHISES
THE NEGROES
IN GEORGIA
CALL, BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL.: WASHINGTON, Nov.
13.— Prince Henri de Croy of Bel
gium was a guest of honor at a
small recption given this after
non by the Countess de Lichtervelde, wife
of the Minister from Belgium. The new
Belgian legation. 1109 Sixteenth street, was
thrown open for the. first time for a social
event. The assemblage included only per
sonal friends of the guest of honor, and
was In no wise official.
Among the guests were the British Em
bassador and Lady Pauncefote, the Mleses
Pauncefote, the Russian Embassador and
Countess Cassini, Count Quadt, Charge
d' Affaires of the German embassy, the
Spanish Minister arid the Duchess of Ar
cos, the Misses Letter and the Misses Pat
ten.
During his stay ; In Washington. Prince
Henri de Croy lias been the guest of honor
at several small dinner parties given by
the Belgian Minister and the Countess de
LIchtervtflde.
The Prince left for New York to-night.
He '.will be a guest: at several 'house par
ties at the fashionable country seats until
December, when he will return to the cap
ital for the season.
Prominent Foreign Diplomats
at Washington Attend a Re
ception Tendered, to
Henri de Crou.
HONORS PAID
TO A PRINCE
OF BELGIUM
PANAMA, Nov. 13.— Late mail
advices received by the French
steamer from Cartagena, which
arrived here yesterday, indi
cated that a decisive engage
ment may have been fought between the
revolutionists and Government troops in
Bolivar Province. General Rafael Uribe,
head of the rebels, was still at Carozal on
November 7, organizing his forces for an
advance on Barranqullla. He had incor
porated into his army most of the Gov
ernment troops he captured at Carozal,
and is said to have been Joined by many
recruits from the surrounding country,
who had been attracted by his success.
With the captured supplies and troops
he was then practically ready for an ad
vance, and it was believed he would soon
march on important coast ports.
General Ospina, with a strong Govern
ment force, on November 7 was reported
as having arrived in Onejas; a short
march from- El Carmen, where the first
opposition was , to be • offered to the ad
vance.
El Carmen is In the hills south of Caro
zal, and is a strong strategic point.
DecisiYe Engagement Has ProD
ablu Been Fought Between
the Rebel. and Govern
ment, Forces.
BIG BATTLE
IS EXPECTED
IN COLOMBIA
five kilometers," numerous villages stud
ded'the' banks with, a thriving industry.
Their, population '.was over 100,000. . That
of-Aigun was 20,000.— No- one will ever
know the number. o.f those who perished
by shot, sword and stream. Not a village
is'left. The silence Of death was around
us. The smoking ruins of Algiin were on
the right, -with-. broken-down,' crumbling
walls and shattered*' . roofless houses.".
• ¦¦-¦¦• - — . • ' • ¦ '. . ' . ... "•
"OPEN PORT" AT PEKING.
Attempt to .Check / Capital ' Piinish
liU'.xnent Until After Due Trial.
-..' WASHINGTON; Nov. 13.— Though the,
authorities would be glad to confirm the
i report from - Peking -, that ¦/¦ tho \ envoys
had agreed up.on /he'geripral principles of
,th'V de'mcnds to be made upon China, they
; have no such information: «• Mr." Conger
hasrtundoirb-tediy informed 1 the State De
partment, of the results, of ,the meeting of
• the' diplomatic, corps, but- It is- said ppsl-
i tlvely that an ' has not been
[reached. The President is urgently press
ing .the. powers to agrree upon terms of -a
•joint note 'to be' presented to- the' Chinese
fenvoys; : and-it i is - hopedr.that ' his "efforts
may be successful. In diplomatic circles
'suggestions' have -been advanced * that.
China' be required ; t to Peking .an
LONDON, ' - Nov. 13.— The Globe
publishes • a letter 'from' a ¦ Bel
gian gentleman who .has - been
traveling to : Peking via the
trans-Siberian railroad^ He de
scribes, under date'September '6, : what* he
saw in the Amur " Riven . His. accounts
surpass In horror those previously ' pub
lished. ••;¦ »-{¦ *?.%..' -I - . ;; : • '¦]¦;]
"The scenes I have witnessed during the
three days -since the steamer left ' Blagc~
vetchensk," he says, "are. horrible beyond
the powers of description. It is the clos
ing tableau of a fearful human . tragedy.
Two thousand were deliberately drowned
at Morxo, 2000 j at Rabe and 8090 around
Blagovetchensk.^a- total of 12,000' corpses
incumbering thte river," among which there
were thousands' of women and children.*
Navigation was "all but impossible. Last
week a boat had "to plow her way through
a tangled and' mangledrma'sslof corpses
lashed together^by .their .long hair. ..Thp
banks were . laterally * covered; . with
corpses. In the curves of , the stream were
dark, putrid '-smelling' masses of human
flesh and bones," surging and swaying in
the steamer's wake.', The, captain^ vainly'
ordered full. steam ahead./ The sight and
smell will be ever j with us.,;! , : - ¦ .-. "1
"From Blagovetchensk to Algun, forty-
Russians Taking. Possession of Rail
,, r= road- Houses at- Tongku. . - .
. (undated), .via j \ Shanghai.
Nov.. 13.— The..Ri}ssians have ordered the
• Viceroys of Southern China have made
known to, the State Department" through
Minister AVu. that the execution ot the
acting, viceroy of Chill created a very bad
Impression among. the. people under their
control and that wholes-ale slaughter-will
I have' a decidedly -serious effect .in local}-,
ties hitherto favorable to a settlement of
the trouble. " ' '. . ' .' :
' ; The administration. Is using Its utmost
endeavor to curb the thirst for blood
which has been displayed by certain of
the foreign Ministers in Peking. ., i
FOREIGNERS ARE, OBDEBED OTJT
"open po#t," and capital punishment shall
occur In future only after. due trial.": It
Is said It would be In the interest of China
and the' civilized " world If Peking were
made an "open port," as it would, conduce
to a better. understanding between the of
ficials of the Chinese Government and for
eigners. The suggestion of a trial before
capital, punishment can be imposed Is,
made with the reservation that it'shalt
not apply' to those responsible fqr the
"Boxer outrages. ¦ . ',*,....•-
Reports of the death of the Dowasw
Empress are -persistent, •taoujth there la
no official confirmation -of them..com
munication -with the court betas very
Irregular. There "* is . a • growing belief.'
however, .that' she will never to
Peking:." ' ' ' -./i- <»
foreigners In the railroad houses at
Tongku-to vacate the buildings, and (he
British have sent there a company ot
Infantry and a hundred of, Bombay cav
alry, ordering these to remain a'nd Inspect
the property. ... .* y J •
.*¦ A dispatch from Tientsin, dated Novem
ver. 9. said that aa a result of the British
representations ;to tlie St. Petersburg
Government Russia Is only handing over
the railroad between- Tongku and- Pekrritf
to Field Marshall Count, von "WalderSce*
rommander-lri-chief of- tne Internationa!
forces, who will give it up to the British
owners.
¦ ... . •
RUMORS OF DOWAGER'S DEATH.
There Is- a . Growing: Belief Empress
• "Will Never. Return to Poking. "
'; PEKING. Nov. 11. via- Shanghai. No'
vember 13.— Another small German expe
dition -.goes north to-morrow , In sptte of
the fact' that these ! punitive raids ¦ aro
strongly, criticized here as serving: '.no
good purpose". " . " ".;,>.';..;
MILITARY EXECUTION OF CHINESE OFFICIALS. COURT-MAR
TIALED AND ORDERED SHOT FOR INCITING UPRISINGS.-
FROM THE SPHERE.-
RUSSIAN- OPKRATIONS / ON THE -AMUR'.RIVER, • NEAR AIGUN, "
FROM .WHICH COMB REPORTS OF WHOLESALE 'MASSACRE
OF CHINESE.— LONDON ILLUSTRATED NEWS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY; NOVEMBER 14, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 167.
Women and Children Among the Victims of Russian Atrocity, and
No One Will Ever Know the Exact Number of Unfortunates
/Perishing by Shot, Sword and Drowning.
TWELVE THOUSAND DECAYING CORPSES
OF MURDERED CHINESE IN AMUR RIVER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.THE VALET. THE LADY AND THE
DEFENDANT IN A SENSATIONAL
DAMAGE SUIT AT NEW YORK.
pn tly with blood. In the heels in Pa ch of
w h«ch the four nails projected. They fU
ted the footprints. The shoes belong to
j 101 " 1 Porter, a negro 16 years old. low
in jail in Denver, who lived in the cabin
and who cannot prove his whereabouts on
the afternoon of the murder. He savs he
eS th ° af £ er " oo » «n the cabin wishing
clothes: his knife, stained with blood was
found in possession of his father but the
boy says that the stains are of rabbit'!
Five other suspects have been arrested
and a negro who was behaving susnictous
ly near 1 uena Vista, is now being humed
for by the police. All of the suspected
men have been released except Porter
although one had a narrow escape from
being thrust into a furnace in a boiler
house near Limon. ir
Sheriff Freeman of Lincoln County is
anxious to take Porter back, but as a
mob is waiting at Hugo, where the 'County
Jail is located, watching every train with
the avowed intention of burning at tho
stake whoever .is believed to be guilty of
tne crime, the Denver police, however re
fuse to let Porter go on the alight circum
stantial evidence against him. Blood
hounds put on the trail took a course en
tirely away from the Porter cabin and
lost the peent at the end of ten miles.
Louise ¦ Krost'n father has come to Den
ver and personally examines every sus
pect brought into the jail.
MOB READY TO BURN
NEGRO AT THE STAKE
Denver Police Loth to Surrender the Young Suspect to the
Lincoln County Authorities.
Tweive-year-old Louise Frost was found
in the weeds fifty yards from the road to
Limon last Thursday afternoon. Her face
bore the marks of a man's heel, where
her murderer had tried to crush her skull.
On her legs, body, neck and face were al
together seventeen wounds, apparently
made with a pocket knife. She lived six
hours after she was found by her parents,
who went in search for her. when. the horse
which she had been driving came home
drawing an empty buggy. She: was un
able to make> any statement, however.
Footprints were" found leading from the
Fcene of the murder toward the cabin
occupied by a section gang on the rail
road. The peculiarity of the footprints
was that in the heel of each shoe four
nails projected in *uch a way as to leave
a distinct Impression in the ground. In
the. section gang's cabin 'was found a pair
of shoes partly burned and stained appar-
DENVER. Nov. 13.— The Denver police
and the Sheriff of Lincoln County and his
men have scoured the country; ranchmen
have ridden armed all over the district
about Limon; bloodhounds have been
used, but to-day there is nothing to show
with any degree of posltiveness that the
man who assaulted and murdered Louise
Frost, near Limon, Colorado, has been
captured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAUSES RUMORS OF
A BIG DEFALCATION
Failure of the Firm of Grant Bros.,
Followed by Some Peculiar
Whispers.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.-Tho firm of
Grant Bros., ptock brokers, made an as
signment to-day to K. G. Stedman. and
the assignment was made the basis of
rumors which In substance were to the
effect that the stoppage of the firm's busi
ness was due to a defalcation. The
amount of the defalcation was placed at
from $150,000 to $175,000. but up to the
present time no one connected with tho
nrm will admit or deny tho rumors that
a /"« e * nylnB1 aro , un d. and just where they
started Is not known. The firm was prom
inent on the Stock Exchange some year3
ago, but of late has been inactive. Mr
p^d^an says the liabilities will be be
low $100, 000 Rnd probably less than half
t^t sum and of late the- Grants ¦ have
been winding up their affairs. The as
signee .will make.a statement to-morrow.
PROSECUTION CLOSES
IN THE ALVORD CASE
Additional Testimony Offered to
Show That the Clearing-House
Proof Was Changed.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— The hearing in
the case of Cornelius L. Alvord Jr.. late
note teller in the First National Bank,
who is charged with having embezzled
$690,000 from the Institution where he was
employed, was continued to-day before
United States Commissioner Shields in the
Federal Crimnal Court room.
Morton V. Moore, settling clerk at the
First National .Bank, said that he made
up the clearing-house proof on October 15.
but that the first two figures of the total
were not his own. The total for that day,
the witness said, was $78,705, but a foilr
and a seven had been written over the fig
ures Boven and eight and one added, mak
ing the total appear to oe $1,470,705, a dif
ference of $690,000. Later Moore said that
the figure one was scratched over and the
figures seven and eight restored In an
?i it 1 " J ls L ndwritlng - At thls Point Assistant
United States Attorney Baldwin declared
the case of the Government closed, and
the examination was adjourned until Fri
day next.
STORM IN THE ENGLISH
CHANNEL CAUSES WRECKS
Steamer Hildegarde Among the List
of Disabled Vessels, but No
Fatalities Occur.
LONDON, Nov. 13— A fierce gale swept
over the English channel last night, caus
ing a number of wrecks, including the
Hildegarde, bound for Shields, near Wey
mouth. There were no fatalities.
¦ The Ketch Georglna was lost off Hay
ling Island. All on board were drowned.
The Hildegarde mentioned is probably
the British steamer of that name. She is
of 1189 tons and was built in 1886 at New
castle. She Is owned by Dunflerd & Illiott
6f Newcastle.
Hayling Island is off the south coast of
England, in Chichester Harbor, near the
island of Portsea. Off the south coast is
an extensive shoal. * ¦
SPLIT OCCURS IN THE
KNIGHTS OF ILABOR
Factions Hold Separate Conventions
and Much Bitterness Is
Engendered.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., Nov. 13. — Two
conventions, each claiming to be the gen
eral assembly of the Knights of I^abor
of the I'nited States and Canada, are in
fespion In this city as the outcome of the
ppltt in the ranks of the order.
The Parsons wing of the crdw. hearted
by John M. Parsons «">f New York as gen
eral master workman, arrived in the city
»t noon to-<iay and vias met by Andrew
J. OKeefe of this city, a member of ihu
rational executive committee.
Th*» faction headed by John W. Hayes
arrived yesterday, and this morning tho
convention composed of delegates of this
faction was called to order in Magio!a
Hall by General Master Workman 1. D
Chamberlain of Colorado, who delivered
hi« annual address. Preliminary organ
ization was effected, after which the con
vention settled down lo work.
The Parsons faction met this afternoon
In FaJingT"* Hall and was called to order
by General Master Workman Parsons,
who delivered his annual address. Com
mittees were appointed and an adjourn
ment taken until to-morrow morning.
There Is much bitterness between the two
factions.
ALABAMA LEGISLATURE
PERFECTS ORGANIZATION
Governor-Elect Samford Being Crit-
ically 111, W. D. Jenks Is
Elected President of Senate.
MONTGOMERY. .Ala., Nov. 13.— The
Legislature of Alabama met in biennial
Fusion at noon to-day. Owing to the criti
cal condition of Governor-elect Samford
organization was perfected to-day; presid
ing officers were elected and the vote cast
«t the last State election was counted,
and W. J. Samford was declared the Gov
ernOr-elect. W. D. Jen-is was elected
jiresid>nt of tho Senate.
All this was an unusual proceeding, but
owing . to the physical condition of the
Governor-elect organization was pushed
through to prevent any complications
which might arise from his death and to
Insure a regular succession In such an
event.
The State has no Lieutenant Governor
end the constitution provides that the
President of the Senate shall succeed to
the Governor's place In case of a vacancy
e rising from any cause.
ABMY SECRETS AT MEBCY
OF INTERNATIONAL SPIES
formation Bureau Under De
tective Department.
Condition Due to Placing French In-
PARIS. Nori 13.— The Petit Journal de
clares the report to be quite correct that
the *ecrot of the new French cannon has
been <llvuljrrd. This condition of things
is attributed to the changes which Mar
<juip"Oallffet mado Jn the Ministry of War.
fFppcially his placing the information
buremi under the detective department.
It contends that army secrets are now
nt the mercy of international 'spies. •
Captain John Hart.
PHILADELPHIA. "Nov. 13.-Capta!n
John Hart of Cuban filibustering fame
di<'d .to-day of apoplexy. During the year
1>-T*6 two of Captain Hart's vessels, the
Bermuda and the Laurada, made frequent
trips to Cuba with arms and ammunition
for the Cubans. The captain was con
victed in December, 1896. of participating
in a filibustering expedition and was sen
i?nc«>d to two years' imprisonment. •, In
February, 1K38, the sentence was put Into
execution and in June of the same year
Captain Hart was pardoned by President
UcKinlpy. , ' ¦ . . -
Captain Hart was born in Virginia for
tv-one years aco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eyre-Cragln syndicate forfeited. The
Maritime Canal Company has* made a
protest to the State Department upon
which as yet no action has been taken.
The department recognizes that the Mari
time Canal Company has certain rights.
It supported the company's contention
that the controversy, between Nicaragua
and the company should he arbitrated by
a mixed board instead of by a board
composed solely of Nicaraguans. and the
department will undoubtedly urge that
proper reparation be made, not only for
the loss of its concession but for its prop
erty.
The President In his annual message
will, it is expected, strongly recommend
the ratification of the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty, and a determined effort will be
made to obtain immediate action upon
this instrument. It is desired by the ad
ministration that other treaties affecting
the canal shall be ready for action by the
Senate once the Hay-Pauncefote conven
tion is out of the way. It is not believed
here that much time will be lost in ar
ranging the provisions of the treaties
with Nicaragua and Costa Rica after ne
gotiations begin.
Costa Rica has indicated her willing
ness to make the necessary concession to
this Government, and her attitude is very
gratifying to the authorities. Nicaragua
has endeavored to clear the way for satis
factory negotiations. During the past
summer she declared tne concessions
granted the Maritime Canal Company and
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.—Imme
diately upon the return of Senor Don
Luis F. Corea. Minister of Nicaragua to
the United States, negotiations for the ac
quisition by this Government of the right
of way for the projected canal will be in
itiated. Deep interest -is being taken by
the authorities in this matter because It
is corrollary to the treaty which Secre
tary Hay negotiated last winter at Great
Britain ame.^atory' of the Clayton-
Bulwer convention. It is understood here
that Mr. Corea is equipped with instruc
tions regarding the attitude of his Gov
ernment and the terms which it will de
mand for ceuing the right of way to this
(Tovernment. Mr. Corea Is dally expected
in Washington.
Sta f e Department Shortly to Commence Negotiations
With the Nicaraguan G:vernment.
The following official announcement
was made after the meeting:
'The stock of the Pacific Mall Steam
ship Company which was purchased by
the Southern Pacific Company, pending
upward of a majority of the whole stock.
was purchased by the Southern Pacific
Company at less than 50 per cent of its
par value.
"The payment for this stock will absorb
only about half the proceeds of the $10,
(KiO.000 of the twenty-live-year 4»4 per cent
gold bonds of the Southern Pacific Com
pany sold to Spoyer & Co."
Remains Presbyterian Creed.
With a majority of one vote, and that
the vote of the moderator, tho New York
Presbytery decided that the Westminster
Confession, with its doctrine of predes
tination, was good enough to remain as
the creed of the Presbyterian church.
The number of votes cast was 142, of
which KG were recorded as votes of
clergymen and thirty-three as votes of
elders of the church. The action taken
at the meeting was found in the "over
ture" which had been sent out to all the
Presbyterians of this country by the Gen
eral Assembly of the Prpsbytorian church
for tho purpose of ascertaining the opin
ion of the various bodies of the church on
the question of revising the creed. When
the vote had been counted it was found
that seventy-one favored revision and
sevonty-onp opposed it. The announce
ment thai the vote was a tie created a
*tir among those present. The state<1
clerk. Dr. Birch, drew the attention of
the assembly to the rule governing the
Presbytery, which provides that in ca- c e
of a tie the moderator shall cast the de
ciding vote. Dr. Wiley had already voted
In his Individual rapacity and 'his vote
had been recorded as against revision.
The moderator then cast his vote with
the ayes, the anti-revisionists carrying
the day.
Passing of Fitzgerald.
Patrick J. Fitzgerald, once champion
six-day walker of the world and still
holder of the inn-hour go-as-you-please
record, is dead at his home in Long Island
City. He died from dropsy after a brief
illness. Fitzgerald was born In Ireland in
JR47. lie came to America in 1S64. set
tling in Montreal, where he took part In
a number of international races He
-came to New York in 1R6G and took part in
various games around this city during
the next twelve year?. In 1R79, at the
American Institute, he made a new record
of eleven miles in one hour. Two years
later at the same place* he won a slx-dav
walking contest, making 552 miles and
taking the championship. In 1SS2 he lost
the championship to George Hazel in
Madison Square Garden, Hazel covering
577 miles. In 1RR4 Fitzgerald won the slx
| day event In the garden after a close race
I with Charles Rowell of England. Fitz
gerald made 610 miles and Rowell was six
miles hohind him nt the finish. Fltz-
I gerald's record of 453 miles and 1320 vards
j In 100 hours has never boon beaten.
I Jimmy Corcoran Dead.
James Corcoran, who died in this city,
was the subject of numerous newspaper
stories and the hero of many a New York
melodrama. He was known as "Jimmy"
Corcoran and gained most of his fame as
the founder and ruler for half a. century
of "Corcoran's Roost," and next to that
his fame with his class rested upon, tho
fact that he hated policemen, one of
whom he maimed for life, "just for exer
cise." He was 80 years old and came to
New York more than half a century ago
and built a shack, in which he lived for
many years, after which, out of his earn
ings as a truckman, he built the three
story stone house in which he died and
which was known as "Corcoran's Roost."
Advancing- the Prices. (
Following the action of produce firms
and of tho Chicago packers, many retail
butchers in this city have advanced the
price of meat, butter and eggs. Many of
the local butchers, although loth to raise
prices, havp felt the necessity of protect
ing themselves by a fractional advance.
The new price of beef to the consumer
was 1 and 2 cents a pound more on choice
pieces. Butter and rggs have also gone
up. Best buttpr is sold nt 25V4 cents a
pound wholesale. Eggs are selling at 26
and 27 cents.
Memorial of Anarchists.
The anarchist groups of New York held
a memorial meeting last night to com
memorate the thirteenth anniversary of
the hanging of the Chicago anarchists.
The meeting v as under the auspices of
the International Arbiter J,IederfaI, an
anarchist pinging society. Loss than three
hundred persons were present. One-third
of these wrre womon. A pamphlet, on
what was referred to as the "execution"
of the King of Italy and signed "The New
lork Anarchists." was distributed. ?
Drawn-Out Gaynor Case.
The examination in the case of the three
Gaynor brothers and B. D. Greene was re
sumed to-day with the cross-examination
or Campbell Ford, an engineer. Ills tes
timony was technical. Thomas F. Gay
nor. a relative of the accused contractors
was next examined. lie said he hoard
the Government officials express them
selves as being satisfied with the woric
done.
Prank Crisp was the last witness of the
day and said the mattresses which wer«
sunk at the jetty were, in his opinion
solidly built. The hearing will be con
tinued to-morrow.
Closed by the Father.
T « h t i; P - Dunleavy Paint Company, of
Z M Zu F*°«"fi£J. Kerr who is In Jail with
McAIteter, Death and Campbell for al
leged connection with the death of Jen
nie BosKchletor, was treasurer, has closer
a d55SR - e held upon 1
Californians at Gotham.
The following Californians are In New
Janv>?. at Grand Union: Mrs. H. Liebes
j D mi Ri r b.U E - C^ Npwe11 - at MSdKSSffi
J. JJ. Biblen and wife, at ImDerlal- t
lln* t h £ r> » at Metropolitan. From Oak!
la nd-J. C. Renning, at Imperial.
TO GAIN RIGHT OF WAY
FOR ISTHMIAN CANAL
PRINCESS ARIBERT OF AN
HALT. WHO HAS OBTAINED
A LEGAL. SEPARATION FROM
HER HUSBAND.
FITZSIMMONS REFUSES TO
ACCEPT THE CHALLENGE
Will Not Tight Jeffries, but Says H2
Will Back Ed Dunkhorst
Against TT^tti-
NEWPORT NEWS. Va,, Nov. 13—Rob
ert Fltzsimmons to-night rejected Cham
pion Jeffries' proposition to take him on
for another fight Immediately or at tha
close of the theatrical season.
"Ill tell you what 111 do if Jeffries ia
so anxious to make a fight," said Fitzsim
mons. "I'll stake my sparring partner.
Kd EHinkhorst, and will back him against
Jeffries, and I'll post $2500 as a forfeit."
WASHINGTON. Nov. l3._At the De
partment of Justice it is denied that At
torney General Grlggs has Instructed
United States District Attorney Baird tr>
Institute suits in the Federal Court of
Hawaii to set aside all grants, sales, fran
chises and leases in Hawaii granted since
September 2S, 1S0O.
During the interim between the annex
ation of the islands and the paasaffl of
the Hawaiian act of April CO 'lDut»"\hV At
torney General rendered two opiniona t<>
the effect that under the Hawaiian laws
then In force there was no power to sell
franchises and public lands. By the ternu
of section 7J of this act the ratification of
such grants and sales during the hiatus
was subject to the approval of the Presi
dent.
The lists of land sales, etc.. submitte.1 b"
the Hawaiian Government are now under
examination by the Interior Department
here, but this is tne procpdurp required
by the law. According to the Interior De
partment officials the only question before
the department la as to the validity of thft
sales and other dispositions of" public
lands and agreements concerning them;
made between the dates of July 7. is?*.
and September 28, 1800. and when the ex
amination is completed the Secretary of
the Interior will'report the matter to th«
President with his recommendations. Thf
President, under the law, finally pas?ea
on such matters.
Interior Department Merely Engaged
in Examining Transfers Since An
nexation Occurred to Veri
fy Their Legality.
Department of Justice De
nies a Rumor to the
Contrary.
TO BRING NO LAND
SUITS IN HAWAII
EDINBURGH, Nov. 13.-Joseph H.
Choate. United States Embassador to
Great. Britain, this evening delivered tho
Inaugural lecture at the Philosophical In
stitution of Edinburgh, taking as his
theme "The Career and Character of Ab
raham Lincoln:" ,"* 7"
Lord Rosebery, who presided, introduced
Mr. Choate as follows:
"Mr. Choate is one of that choice suc
cession of men whom the United States
have sent to this country. H» has en
deared himself to us In a remarkable de
gree by his. brilliant and genial qualities.
For his discourse, he. has selected one. of
the most Interesting subjects in the range
of possibility, the great man whom ne
personally knew in the flesh, Abraham
Lincoln."
Mr. Choate said in part:
"When you asked mo to deliver the in
augrural address on this occasion, I recog
nized that 1 owed this compliment to tne
ract that 1 was the atf}clal representative
of America— and in selecting a subject I
ventured to think that'l might interest
you for an hour In a brief stuUy in popu
lar government, as illustrated oy the life
or tne most American of all Americans. 1
therefore offer no apology for asking your
attention to Abraham Llneoln-to his
.unique character and the parts hjj bore in
two important achievements 01 .modern
history— the preservation of the integrity
01 the American union and the emancipa
tion of the colored race.
"During his brief term of power he was
probably the object of more abuse vllli
ncatlon and ridicule than any other man
In the world; but when he fell by tne hand
ot an assassin at the very moment Of his
stupendous victory, aJl the nations of tho
earth vied with one another in paying
homage to his character, and the thirty
tive years that have since elapsed have
established his place in history as one of
the great btnetoptors, not 01, nis own
country alone, biit of the human race.
•.Fiction can turnish no match for the
romance of his life, and biography will be
searched in vain for such startling vicis
situdes of fortune, for great power and
glory won out of such humble beginnings
and adverse circumstances."
•Mr. Choate then entered upon a rather
detailed story of the early trials and pri
vations of Abraham Lincoln, his strug
gles in the study and practice of law. Said
he;
"My professional brethren will naturally
ask me, how could this rough backwoods
man, whose, youth had been spent in the
forest or on ihe farm and fiatboat without
culture and training-, education or studv.
by the random reading, on the wing, of "a
few miscellaneous law books, become a
learned and accomplished lawyer? Well,
ne never did. He never would have earned
his salt as a writer for the Signet, nor
. y £ won a P lac « as advocate in the Court
of besolons. where the technique of the
profession has reached its highest per
fection and centuries of laming and prece
dent are involvd in the equipment of a
lawyer. Dr. Holmes, when asked by an
anxious young mother, 'when should the
education of a child begin?' replied.
Madam, at least two centuries before it
is born, and so I am sure it is with the
bcots lawyer.
i R Vn But Ot 1 « > a ln . IllinoIs in 1M0- Between
1S30 and 1SS0 Its population Increased
twenty fold, and when Lincoln began
practicing law in Springfield in 1S37, life in
Illinois was very crude and simple and so
were the courts and the administration
a »-i USti i?- 4 ? ocrks and libraries were
£ ?5 ce u ¥ ut tne veople loved Justice, up
held the law and followed the courts and
soon foundtheir favorites among the ad
vocates. The fundamental principles of
the common law as set forth by Black
stone and- Chltty were not so difficult to
acquire; and brains, common sense, force
of character, tenacity of purpose, ready
wit and pownt» of speech did the rest and
supplied all the deficiencies of learning "
iiw c . hoat ? -"Poke at length of Lincoln's
political ambitions, showing how he mas
tered every obstacle as it arose before
mm and by the extraordinary training of
his youth found himself particularly fitted
for tho work he wes called upon to per
iorm.
Many notable persons were in the audl
enc<? ' J a i ul Mr - Choate was frequently ap
plauded.
? J"°r d , R °sPbery. replying to a vote of
thanks for presiding, said:
"Lincoln was one of the great figures of
the nineteenth century. To me it has also
seemed that he was the second founder
of the great republic. His strength rested
?, n ,?, rocks— unflinching principle^ and 11
limltabie common s^nso. One distlnguish
lnsr feature that disassociated him from
all the other great' men of history was his
Immense fiunl of humor."
Delivers Interesting Lecture on the
Career and Character of Martyr
President at the Philosoph
r ical Institute.
Address of / Embassador
Choate Before an Edin
burgh Audience.
LIFE OF LINCOLN
FOR HIS THEME
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— To-day's Cab
inet meeting stands as one of the most
rf-markablf sessions of that body. Presi
dent McKinley announced clearly and
forcefully to the members of his Cabinet
his desire that they should all remain
with Jiim curing: the four years of his
comtes administration. His wishes were
:nade knuwn in an extended speech at the
<?.1'inPt mooting in the White House to
rts y. Rrsunnses were made by all of the
members present. While there were no
• Uiinite f'eiipes from any of them that
th<*y would accept the portfolios ihus ten
detvd afresh there was. on the other
hand, no definite declination.
To-dayf proceedings set forth the
wishes of the President in the matter and
relieve the members of the Cabinet of the
< ustom&ry obligation of tendering their
resignation* at the ond of the term, un-
Ipss they have made an Irrevocable deci
sion that it vi ill he impossible for them to
continue in office. It also sets at rest
speculation and slatemaktng of the coun
try's political prophets, for it is under
stood generally that there is but one
¦doubtful factor in the homogeneity of the
Itresem Cabinet. That factor is Attorney
general Griggs. as he holds his present
place at .1 eroat financial sacrifice. Still
Mr. Gripps replied in terms of warm ap
preciation to the eomplimentOT-v remarks
or the President and voiced no Intention
t>f retiring from his present position.
This is n«n the first time that the Presi
dent has expressed to the members of the
Cabinet hit. pl^aeure at the support thev
had piver. him. He said as much in a
general way at the last Cabinet meeting,
whrn the mrmhers. several of whom had
been toattered by the political campaign,
icot together for the ,.rst time and con
*ratuiatf><l him upon the outcome of the
election. To-day the President evidently
had prepared for the occasion, and in his
address reviewed the work of the admin
istration in the last four years. He said
thnt jf the result of the recent election
¦was an Indorsement of his administration
it v.a? no Ires an indorsement of the men
who had stood by him in the time of
stress and adversity. The credit for suc
cess. h« paid, lay with the heads of h.s
various departments, and he should
shrink from upon another four
years of office unless he could be assurred
that he would have with htm a majority
«t l*>af*t of th<^ men who form his present
official household. He said he knew that
in askinc them to remain with him there
was scarcely one who cotild do so with
out some sacrifice either of money, leisure
or personal Inclination. At the same tim«»
he paid he should feel happier if all of
them could pratify his wishes.
Secretary Hay was the first to respond.
He paid that for hi? part he deeply ap
preciated the complimentary references
made by his chief, and that he thought
¦there was net a member of the Cabinet
who would sever such pleasant official re
lat.i ft ns without regret, and even then only'
in case «f the most urgent reasons for
retirement.
Secr^tari*?!* Ga«re. I>ong. Hitchcock. Wil
son. Attorney General Gripgs and Post
master General Smith each spoke in turn
and in much the same vein. Secretary
Root was the only absent member from
the meetinp havinc left for Cuba to look
over military affairs there and. at the
*arne time, to try to recuperate from his
long and serious i!lno*>e. Tl»e list of re
sponses, therefore, was all but complete.
It Is known that Secretary Root is in
much the fam» position an Attorney Gen
oral GripRs— holding his position at a sac
rifice, but willing: at the Fame time to sac
rifice a good dral to comply with ihe ex
pressed wishes of the Prfsiuent.
The mfotinsr. which had developed into
a r«'al love f*>a=t. thrn returned to the
more rnmmon'ihce affairs of routine busi
nr-pf and the discussion of tne Falient. fea
tures of the President'!" coming- message
to Concresp. after which the members
lf-ft with ronpwpd expressions of regard.
All of the Members Present Save Sec
retary cf War Root and None
Say They Will
Retire.
President Makes the Re
quest at a Session
of the Body.
ASKS CABINET
NOT TO RESIGN
Prince and Princess Aribert of Anhalt Freed
From Unpleasant Bonds.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— The "World of
this city says a judicial separa
tion.betweenPrince and Princess
Aribert of Anhalt is an accom
.' plished fact. The paper adds
that the deeds were signed and the other
formalities co'mpleted during the stay in
Berlin of Prince Christian of Schleswlg-
Holsteln, father of tne Princess. There
will not be any divorce. Prince Aribert
not objecting to the course proposed by
hia wife.
Greenhorn for Lookout.
The Admiralty Court today resumed the
hearing of the action of the owners of
the British bark Embleton to recover
damages for her sinking by the Cunard
liner Campania in July last during a
A?,1 vy ? B about * tx hours after leaving
Queenstown, resulting in the drowning of
SJ' e i?" of the crew of the Embleton.
which was loaded with dynamite. One of
tne men on the lookout on board the
Campania, testified that he was a pattern
maker of New York and had never been
to sea before. Captain Walker of the
Campania testified that the man referred
to was ' shipped through.,** New York
runner, who certified to his. seamanship.
Ordered to Leave France.
A Paris special pays: Caesar Delia
. icnA who was naturalized in New York
• ,r? 3t nas been ordered to leave France
within twenty-four hours or be impris
oned. Croce was seen by a correspond
ent, and he said the reasons for his ex
pulsion were political. Being an Italian
by birth, Croce speaks English brokenly.
.He has recently been dependent upon
charity, seeking aid from the United
States embassy, consulate and charitable
institutions, though he contends he is
nbout to come into a fortune. Last year
he was arrested at Toulouse, imprisoned
ami released on the intervention of the
united States embassy here.
Krupp Plant for Spain.
A special from Madrid to the Berlin
frankfurter Zettung says a representative
of Herr Krupp is there negotiating with
the Bilbao capitalist Martinez Rivas and
other Spanish capitalists for the organiza
tion of a company in Spain to build iron
clads and manufacture cannon.
Queen Draga Not Bead.
A Paris special says: Inquiries made
by a correspondent at the Servian legation
here show thnt there is no truth in tho
report published, by the Echo de Paris to
day that .Queen Draga of Servia is dead.
The legation officials have not even heard
that the Queen is ill.
Still High Commissioner.
I-ord Strathcona, Canadian High Com
missioner, who arrived at Ottawa on Sat
urday from Montreal, will sail in a few
days for England to resume his duties.
There is no truth in the report sent from
Toronto that he has decided to resign the
High Commisslonership.
JUDICIAL SEPARATION
FOR A ROYAL COUPLE
MAIL STOCK PURCHASED
BY SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Directors Approve the Plan to Control the
Steamship Line. '
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— The board
of directors of the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company at a
special meeting held to-day ap
proved tho purchase, through
Speyer & Co., of the majority of the
capital stock of the Pacific Mall Steam
ship Company and accepted the proposi
tion of Messrs. Speyer & Co. to purchase
110,000,000 of twenty-five-year 4V4 per cent
gold bonds of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, secured by the control of the Pa
cific Mail Steamship /Company and stocks
and bonds of other companies.
CHICAGO. Nov. 13.— Mrs. L,. M. N.
Stevens, president, and Mr?. S. M. D. Fry*,
corresponding secretary, have issued tho
call for the National Christian
Temperance Union's twenty-seventh an
nual convention at Washington. D. C.
November 30 to December 7. The caii
says: "Last year we were the guests of
the far Western Sta^e of Washington,
euggestlve of the fact that our organiza
tion had In the first twenty-five years of
its existence spread Into every State anJ
Territory in the Union and swept across
the great waters Into almost every civil
ized country in the world. This year we
are to be entertained in Washington, D
C., the central point of government power
i". our ,?J ea , t republic, and thus typical of
the solidarity achieved by our organiza
tion and its consequent power for good if
rightly decreed It Is significant that
\V ashlngton will mark the first mile stone
in our second quarter of a century
••Already it Is known that a large number
of States have made a net gain of 500 or
more members during the past year. The
activity of State officials, organizers and
other workers has never been surpassed
and never have the hearts of the white
ribbon women been more closely knit to
gether nor more fully set to do good
F^fr'oTu^l,^ *•¦«"*••¦¦ o^ th'e
?v.' <W , e be speak universal observance of
to e th<f y n°rt f tW er ' FrIday ' November 30
to the end that we may have a pillar of
cloud by day and a pillar of fire by night
entire" year"" COnventlon ' but during thi
BIO CATTLE TRUST TO
BE ORGANIZED SHORTLY
Report That Fifty Texas Ranches
Will Be Combined With a Cap
ital of $5O,00O,000.
CLEVELAND, Nov. 13.— George B Lov
ing of Fort Worth. Texas, passed through
Cleveland to-day on his way to New York
where, according to an afternoon paper!
™nm ??, nc ! ude » negotiations for a fe£'
000,000 cattle trust, which will absorb fifty
Texas ranches. Officers of the leather
trust, it i 8 said, will furnish the capital
EECBTJDESCENCE OF
. EOYAUSH IMMINENT
Paris Figaro Declares the Duke of
Orleans Has Ordered Meet
ing's in Paris.
PARIS. Nov. U.— The Figaro this morn
ing makes the following sensational state
ment: "A recrudescence of royall.sm Is
imminent. The Duke of Orleans has or
dered meetings in the wards of Paris, and
the movement will be extended to the de
partments wnen well on root in the capi
t *ii -
National Organization of the Whits
Ribbon Army to Meet in Wash
ington, D. C.
CALL FOR TEMPERANCE
UNION CONVENTION
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.— A. W. Vaille,
director general of posts of the Philip
pine Islands, in his annual report to the
Postmaster General shows a surplus of
$19,628 to the credit of the Philippine pos
tal service. The revenue to June 30 last
was $117,848 and the expenditures' $9S,22<;,
making both years of the department's
existence show a surplus. Decided prog
ress has been made in opening postofflces.
It has been the endeavor to have an of
fice in charge of an American clerk wher
ever the number of troops made It im
practicable for tho army mail orderlies to
do the work. Mr. Vaille says the corre
spondence between the natives on the isl
ands Is "as near nil as that of ranchers
at our army posts in the States." There
are now twenty-one postofflces under the
charge of Americans, of which eleven are
money-order offices. Thirty-seven other
offices are in charge of army officials for
the sale of stamps and tho handling of
registered matter. The system of mili
tary postofflces has worked satisfactorily,
the revenues from such sources amount
ing to $1175. without any offsetting ex
pense. In several provinces in which na
tive governments have been established a
revival of the Bystem. of service main
tained under the Spanish regime for the
native malls only has been tried. Each
town presidents had' to attend to the mall
for and from his town free, and each
town provides regular carriers to adjoin
ing towns, who in this manner work out
what correspond.^ to our road tax. It
has been demonstrated In Pangasinan
provinces that the revenues of the mails
of natives would not be of much help in
maintaining a paid service. Each town la
now to provide, at Its own expense, ser
vice to adjoining town*, except where the
central administration assumed such ser
vice. This temporary continuance of the
old system Is maintained primarily for the
official correspondence of. the local presi
dentes, who make the mall voluminous
Later on regular Bervlce will be contract
ed for over Important steam routes The
franking privilege given to local court and
municipal officials has been continued
The Filipinos have made little progress in
acquiring a knowledge of English. Rail
way postal service has been maintained
on the only railroad .line In the Philip
pines. v
The report urges new postofflce quar
te / 8 *. ln Manila. Following our occupation
of Manila all prices- have increased and
rents have been raised everywhere. The
letter-carrier service at Manila Is report
ed as an eyesore and an abomination, but
it is stated, must continue until there can
SKe iKSS.3?^? dIshonesty of the
'iJM 1 ** th « 37 ' 734 money orders were
I r i 1^ 2fil31 ? < agalnst lP3S th an half
mirtn l?f n »2°"i ara la 7 t year - Complaint is
made of the low salaries paid. in the Ber
vice and Mr. Vaille says that unless hia
Interesting Report Made by
Director General
Vaille.
POSTAL REVENUES
IN PHILIPPINES
(¦alary £$4000) is soon increased he shall
ask to be recalled. Tfie report says the
time is not ripe yet for civil service ex
nminatlons for appointment to this ser
vice. It is predicted that with the with
drawal of American troops and the conse
quent turning over of the telegraph to
the civil government the telegraph ope
rators will have to act as postmasters In
all but the largest towns.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1900.
2
DR. PIERCE'S ELECTRIC BELT
The popularityof McKinley Is not. greater than
that of the "American" clear Havana clpar. •
Stops the Cough
AnS work* off the cold. Laxative Bratno-Qul-
n:ne Tablet* cure a cold la one -day. No cure,
t.o pay. Trice 15 cents; •
A LAW UNTO HIMSELF.
Every Man Must Be That, to Betain
Sis Health, and Digestion.
There are thousands of people In this
world would eat no meat from one year's
end to another, and certain savage tribes
in Africa and Polynesia are almost ex-
clusively meat eaters: but while there ar«
thousands of these, there are millions who
live upon a mixed diet of meat, vegetables
and grains, and if numbers is a criterion,
it would seem that a mixed diet is tho
best for the human family.
The fact that you will find many vege-
tarians who appear healthy and vigorous
and meat eaters equally so. and any num-
ber of robust specimens who eat both,
meat and vegetables and anything el?a
that comes their way all goea to ghow
that the old saw is the true one, thaL
every man must be a law to himself as
to what he shall eat and drink.
To repair the waste of tissue In brain
workers as well as to replace tha musclo
and sinew of the laborer, can only be don*
through the process of digestion.
Kvery nerve, muscle, sinew, every drop
of blood, is extracted from the food we
tat and digest.
In these days of hustl© and worry, and
artificial habits of life, scarcely one per-
son in a thousand can lay claim to a per-
fest digestion: dyspepsia is a national af-
fliction and Stuart s Dyspepsia Tablets a
national blessing.
Most cases of poor digestion are cau.se<i
by failure of the stomach to secrete suf-
ficient gastric juice, or too little hydro-
chloric acid and lack of peptones, and all
of these Important essentials to perfect
digestion are found in Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets in convenient palatable form.
One or two of these tablets taken after
meals Insure perfect digestion and assim-
ilation of the food.
Cathartic pills and laxative medicines
have no effect whatever in digesting food
and to call such remedies a cure for
dyspepsia Is far fetched and absurd.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain pep-
sin tree from animal matter, diastase and
other digestives, and not only digest all
wholesome food, but tend to Increase thf*
flew of sastric Juices and by giving tho
weak stomach a much needed rest bring
about a healthy condition of the digestive
organs and a normal appetite.
Nervous, thin-blooded, run-down people
should bear In mind that drues and stim-
ulants cannot furnish good blood, strong
muscle and steady nerves: these como
only from wholesome food, thoroughly
digested. A fifty-cent box of Stuart's
Tablets taken after meals for a few-
weeks will do you more real good than
drugs, stimulants and dieting 1 combined
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is probably
the safest, most popular and successful
digestive on the market, and sold bv druc-
eists everywhere In the United "States
Canada and Great Britain.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS JpPa
Specialists 8""j®ff?
Disease, and weak- NSfcL I /^ij
ness of men. Es- <hLi >*i2L*.
tablished 1SS1. Coa- Wihm^S^
sultatlon free. VMMttWMf
7;il Market st. a
(elevator entranca). >§! XJNPKB'Sbw
Ban Francisco. ¦~&zzw$SfmrZM£(ii£s&
Price 2S cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DB
FORD. 173 N. Spring st.. Los Angeles. Cal.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cure of Gonorrhoea, Cleats
Strictures and analogous complaints '
of the Ordans of Generation.
rrice U a bottle. For sal» by drussHU.
Thli is tho Belt "**| H^T that caw
WITHOUT >**Ae«f^ D K C O S ¦
Powerful elec- ' trie current:
All modern Im- I V' proTements!
W'eaknes.i and Nerrous Diseases of both
•exes speedily cured when other remedies
fail to do the work. Lane back ••knocks
out" In S days. Prices reasonable. BLT
NO BELT TIL!* YOU SEE "DR.
PIERCE'S." Call cr send a J-cent stamp
for "BOOKLET NO. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC COMPANY. Eleven forty-nv»
BROADWAY (near Wth St.). NEW YORK. ,
Pacific Coast headquarters. Six twenty
Market St.. SAN FRANCISCO. i
N. B.— Our '•Booklet No. 1 tells a'.l
about Dr. Pierce'* Electric TRLS3. It i
CURES Rupture!SAN JOSE, Nov. 13.— The Santa Clara
Valley Improvement Club intends to bid
for some of the Eastern tourist trado
that comes to Los Angeles every wlrtcr,
and a plan is on foot to establish a bureau
of Information to advertise San Jose and
Santa Clara Valley In the southern me
tropolis. The Hotel Vendome of this city
has offered to make a liberal donation for
such work, and It i3 said the Palace Hotel
of San Francisco and the Del Monto favor
the project. C.eorge P. Snell, the man
ager of the Vendome. was appointed a
special committee to look into the matter
If sufficient encouragement be obtained
headquarters will 'be opened in Los An
.geles at once and maintained through tho
'winter.
Shoots at Saloon-Keeper.
TUCSON, Ariz., Nov. 13.-John I^rlce,
who came to Tucson sorae.tlmo ago from
Texas, attempted to kill William McNelll
in the latter's saloon late last night. Price
had quarreled with some one and was evi
dently looking for his man when he en
tered McNelH's place. Not finding him
he' picked a quarrel wit., some one there'
and the proprietor requested him to leave.
Price drew a six-shooter, and as he was
about to fira u bartender In the saloon
struck his arm and the bullet went into
the celling. Price was arrested, and to
day he says he was intoxicated and does
not know why he did the shooting, as he
had no quarrel with McNelll.
Freight Wreck Near Fairfax.
SAN RAFAEL, . Nov.* 13.— As , the south
bound" freight on the North Pacific Coast
Railroad was nearlng .Fairfax this after
noon an open switch caused the engine to
leave the main track. I It ran to the end of
the siding and traveled some distance on
the roadway. The sudden stop /• caused
several- of the freight cars to pile on top
of one another, and a general smash-up
wag the result. None of. the train hands
were hurt. A gang of workmen is clear
ing the main track, which task will'oc
cupy them until' morning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13.— "Suppose a
candidate's friends should hire every hack
in town and use them on election day in
his interest, would that vitiate his elec
tion?"
This was the question which Justice Mc-
Farland propounded late thfs afternoon
from the Supreme bench. Attorney A. L.
Shinn answered that if done with tne can
diaat€£s consent it certaliily should vitiate
his election, but the Justice was not quite
satisfied.
"Then a man would have no right to
obtain the assistance of his friends at
the polls," said the Supremo Justice.
Attorney Shlnn said that he woulo" have
no right to permit anything to be done
for him that would be contrary to the
spirit of the purity of elections law.
Tv.-o cases cf great interest, not only to
the people of Sacramento but to office
holders and the public throughout the
State, were up for argument before the
Supreme Court this afternoon. When
George H. Clark assumed the office of
Mayor of Sacramento last January he
found himse'.t defendant in two lawsuits,
one having been brought by nls predeces
sor, William Land, in which he claimed
the right to continue in the office of
Mayor on the ground that Clark had not
filed his election expense account within
the time prescribed by law. The other
suit had been Instituted by William H.
Bradlev, a hackman, who alleged that
Clirk had caused to be expended in his
campaign more than he was allowed to
spend under the purity of elections law,
and that therefore his office should be de
clared vacant. Both suits were vigorously
fought in the Superior Court of Sacra
mento County and in both the judgments
were in Clark's favor. Appeals from
the£e judgments were taken by Land and
Bradley and a dozen lawyers were on
hand in the Supreme Court chamber this
afternoon to engage In the presentation
of -the case from the standpoints of the
appellants and the respondent.
Clark's attorneys maintained. In the
matter of the Land appeal, that the cer
tificate of election given to Clark was
prima facie evidence of his claim to the
office and that the Allegations made by
Land's attorneys that the candidate's ex
pense account had not been filed prior to
the issuance of the certificate of election
and that It was not a proper account, did
not stand In the presence of the prlma
fncie claim embodied In the certificate.
This case was taken under advisement by
the court.
Next there was called tho appeal - of
SupremeCourtHearsAppeals
on Sacramento May
oralty Contests.
SUITS BASED ON
THE PURITY OF
ELECTIONS LAW
TAKES LIFE OF
NEPHEW OF HIS
DIVORCED WIFE
Cowardly Crime Followed by
Attempted Suicide of
Assassin.
Special EHspatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 13.— William
Ashley, a young man about 23 years of
age, working for his aunt, Mrs. .Connell,
at her nursery on the Esquimau road, was
last evening shot and killed by Thomas
Connell, his aunt's divorced husband.
Connell, who was jealous of the young
man, went to the greenhouse evidently
with the Intention of murdering his for
mer wife, as well as the nephew, but
cowardice prevented the commission of a
double crime. He found Ashley leaning
down in the greenhouse attending his
fires, and. calling him, shot him as he
turned. Mrs. Connell, who v was in the
house, heard the shot and rushed out to
tho street to a passing car, which stopped
as the crew heard her cries. The murder
er, after killing the young man, went to
the house, and a little girl, who was en
gaged to do the housework, met him and
told him that Mrs. Connell had gone out.
Connell wont to the gate and there, meet
ing his late wife ana the crew of the car
coming in, ho took to his heels, crying as
"I told you I'd do It, and_I've done It."
Ashley was found by the girl dying In
the greenhouse. The bullet, which was of
small caliber, had struck him in the right
breast, piercing his lung. He expired soon
afterward. .
The police were notified and an all-night
search was kept up for the escaped mur
derer. He was found this morning hiding
behind a haystack not far from the scene
of the crime by Provincial Constable Hos
klns. The officer ran toward him and as
he did Connell tired at him, the bullet go
ing wide. Connell then ttred two shots at
himself, wounding himself In the head.
He was taken to the hospital and is ex
pected to recover.
Connell bears a bad reputation in the
vlcinitv. He squandered the earnings of
his wife's nursery until she finally was
forced to get a divorce. Young Ashley as
sisted her In the conduct of the business
and In so doing Incurred the hatred of
Connell.
Bradley in the case alleging the Improper
use of money to secure Clark's election^
A. L. Shinn, attorney for Bradley, laid
much stress on what he claimed was the
undisputed testimony at the trial that a
great number of hacks were used in
Clark's Interest on election day and that
banners wero stretched across the streets
announcing his candidacy. although
neither the hacks nor the banners were
mentioned in his expense account. The
attorney declared that these expenses
were. defrayed by Clark's business part
ner; that they were far In excess or the
sum allowed by law, and that they con-
Rtituted a bar to the retention of the of
fice of Mayor by Clark. He claimed in
answer to questions by Justice McFar
land and Garoutte that only by a candi
date specifically denying that such meas
ures wero taken without his knowledge or
consent could be avoided the penalty of
forfeiture of office. He declared, how
ever, that these expenses were incurred
with Clark's knowledge and consent.
Court adjourned at a late hour until to
•morrow, when Hiram XV. Johnson will
present arguments on Clark's side. *
This is the first time that the purity of
elections law has ever been brought
squarely before the Supreme Court in this
State, and the decision is awaited with
intense Interest.
Pcstoffices Established, Patents and
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.— Postoffice es
tablished: Oregon — W rent ham, Wasco
County. Myron D. Fariington. postmaster.
Discontinued: Oregon— Credo, Jackson
County, mail to Medford.
Postmasters commissioned: Washing
ton—Frank S. Warner. Obrien; Charles F.
Van Ausdle. Pataha City.
The following pensions were Issued
California: Original— James Hazelette,
Vallejo. ?s: Samuel T. Prior. Soldiers*
Home, Los Angeles, $6. Additional—Rob
ert J. Martin, Colton, $12. Increase—Ai
mer P. Webster, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles. $19; David E. Shields, Hanford. $10.
Original widows — Emeline Nell. Monti
cello. $S; Susan M. Hoyt, Los Angeles, $S.
Mexican War survivors, increase— William
Balbridge, Veterans' Home. Napa, $12.
Oregon: Original— James A. Stafford,
Newport, $12.
Washington: Increase— Asa Tyler, Kent,
««• . ... .
Pensions granted: California— John D.
Barrie. Los Angeles, compass protractor;
James S. Bartholomew, Guerneville,
swimming apparatus; Eward K. Parker,
Pomona, tree prop; Thomas J. Picket, San
Francisco, v/ashing machine; Patrick J.
Sheeny and R. E. O'Neill, San Francisco,
prospecting shovel; John L. Sullivan and
W. Mahom-y, Los Angeles, chain car coup
ling: George M. Williams, Santa Rosa,
truck.
Washington— John S. Godfrey, assignor
one-half to J. E. Crosby. Harrington,
roller bearing.
CAPTAIN WILLIAMS ON
TRIAL FOR HIS LIFE
Ten Jurors Sworn to Weigh the Evi-
dence Against the Slayer of
Conductor Martin.
STOCKTON. Nov. 13.— The trial of Cap
tain A. F. "Williams, charged with the
murder of Conductor "William Martin of
Oakland, was begun to-day. Williams
shot and killed Martin at the mineral
baths, near this city, on the evening of
August 1. The trouble Is supposed to have
originated over Martin's attentions to
Williams* divorced wife.
Three women were within the rail In
the courtroom as Interested spectators to
day. One was Williams' divorced wife,
another his present -wife and the third the
widow of his victim. Captain Williams
sat beside his counsel, cool and collected.
He took a lively Interest In all of the
proceedings; but by a stranger he would
have been taken as one of the attorneys
rather than the man on trial for his life.
The defendant's present wife sat just be
hind him, while the widow of the murdered
man. accompanied by Mrs. Stella Wil
liams, the defendants divorced wife, sat
Just Inside the court railjng. Tho court
room was crowded.
Ten Jurors v.-ere sworn during the day
and by noon to-morrow the State will
make Its opening announcement.
SUES FOR HALF-INTEREST
IN A VALUABLE MINE
Staked" the Discoverers of
Whatcom Man Claims He "Grub-
Gold Claims.
TACOMA. Nov. 13.— J. C. Treutle of
Vi'hatcom has filed a suit to recover a
half-Interest In the Lone Jack and a nlxth
liitercst In the other claims comprising the
famouB Post Lambert mine, valued at
SCfo.GOO, in the Mount Baker district. Treu
tle claims to have supplied a grubstake
to "Jack" Post. In whose name the Lone
Jack was located and who was associated
xv'tl H. S. Lambert and L. G. Van Valk
enb-rg of Sumas in locating the other four
cis'ms in the group.
'J'reutle's story Ik that In July. 1S3<. he
and William Bell were prospecting togeth
er in the Mount Baker district. BHi ix
came discouraged and wanted to sell
Treutle his h%lf of the supplies and return
home. Treutle consented, and after he
had paid Bell the money Post, Lambert
and Van Valkenberg came up. Post of
fefd to take the whole grubstake and
give Treutle half of what he found. Th<s
was agreed to. and Treutle claims that it
was while using this grubstake the three
men made their famous discovery.
RAPID PROGRESS MADE
rKT THE BEGEEOW CASE
tion of Testimony Ag-ainst the
Alviso Constable.
Prosecution Completes the Introduc-
PAX JOSE. Nov. li. — Good progress was
made in the Begerow murder trial to-day.
The prosecution finished at noon, and the
defense introduced several witnesses in
the afternoon. It is expected the defend
nnt will take the ?tand in his own behalf
to-morrow. The case probably will go to
th<? jurv on Thursday.
Reinhold ISohn. Antone Wolff and
Charles M. Ehrlich testified to-day to hav
:::? seen Kepercw with George Smith.
Icaown as "BisinareiC." whos^ release Cech
und Berger were endeavoring to obtain.
Attorney B. A. Harrington made the
<¦;¦• tiiiiff statement for the defense. He
Mild Bffgerow was a peace officer and had
T'!!<-d-the in self-defense. "Bis
marck" Smith, as well as Cech and Ber
z -r. know Begerow was an officer, and
the latter two committed a felony In at
trrnpUng to take "Bismarck 11 away from
him. They boat the Constable and he shot
In Belf-4e(ense; after he had fired the first
Khr;t into the uir tr: warn them.
John I>jn< an testified that he saw Bcge
row with ¦"liissmarck" Jr. bla custody. Cech
and BeTSCT wero trying to take him from
the Constable. They struck the Consta
bie, wno Bald ¦omething in German, shot
i:ncf into th» air and then kilk-d both men.
Max Sbanncnbcrcer had seen the begin
ning of the trouble and the two brewers
following up the Constable.
At 0:30 the ca^e went over until to-mor
row.
UKIAH SUES FOR DAMAGES.
Action Against Water Company to
Recover Loss by Fire.
VKIAH, Nov. 13.— In tho Superior Court
to-cay. Judge Ar.gellotti of Marin County
presiding, the ca:?e of the town of I'kiah
V5. the Ukiah Water improvement Com
t : y. involving the liability of a water
• ¦ rr.pany in case of damage to property
1 v :,re. where said company ha« neglect
*<\ to supply wEter under the terms of a
::,.¦ his*, was opened. On July 16, a lire
broke out here which destroyed certain
ri;y properly. It was found, when tho
tarn company arrived that the water had
': eea Fhut off at the reservoir and there
vrxa r.^ither supply nor pressure. The city
cues the company for damage?.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 13.— John Yl\ Broyles.
»ho rpFi-J»?s at Twenty-Feventh and Y streets
'.'. r *i*!= city. wrh*lt fturninjr ft-.nu Mnrtittz this
rreoiaz «¦«*¦ ibuMra from his e*rt, Ftruck <m
hit- hei<i. -ird r.->v: |i*>!= in th» Becctvtac Ho.-
r:tal un~-»fi'-i- out. He !* raid 1> !••» fu:T*jin5
from cot-.-us<i';.i *f the brain ai;J !::• iiijirrito
may rc^ S.t fntal'y.
known that he was receiver over his own
property, or at least that he might get no
fees, and McKenzle destroyed the deed re
had. And then, just the day before ha
sailed, Qhipps deeded the claim to Charles
Johnson of the Pioneer Mining Company,
receiving in exchange $5000 and an agree
ment 10 protect him in case McKenzle
prosecuted him. Geary wanted to know
if Chipps had returned all the money he
had from time to time received from Mc-
Kenzle for the property he deeded away
to Johnson at the last moment, but thu
Witness said he did not think he owed
anything to McKenzie and anyway Mc-
Kinzie had not fultllled his contract.
After the Chicago agreement was entered
into it was shown that Chipps suggested
that things could be made riyht for $5000,
but McKenzie would not put up.
It was then that Chipps digressed to toll
of the remarks of Bortsemus, and how
he was going to make money anyway ha
could. Bortsenlus said the friends who
would protect him were Kettleson, tho
Pioneer Mining Company and the Lrfine
people. He was Senator Spooner's ap
pointment. _ ,
In the matter of the Reeco affidavit
Chipps said Reece told him on tho way
down ot a conspiracy to trap Knight. Ha
told Keece in Seattle that Knight had n.
warrant out for his arrest, but he would
not admit thnt It was to compel Recce
to make another affidavit corroborating
the 'first. The affidavit referred to a
transaction In which It was charge-1
Noyes received $2000. Nor would Chipps
admit that Knight was offering $2000 if
Iteece would corroborate his first atHdavlt.
Under redirect examination Chipps said
the whole work of the Alaska Gold Min
ing Company was the working of tho
claims which had been turntd over ( ;o Mc-
Kenzie as receiver. These included all the
valuable properties in the district an<l
McKenzie had nearly three hundred mtn
working for him. Chipps said he knew
beforehand that McKenzie would be ap
pointed receiver because McKenzie hod
said so and had added that he could "de
pend on the Judge." McKenzie had
prophesied the granting of the injunction,
too, and it seemed as if he could get about
what he wanted from the court. In fact
it was the belief of Chipps and his lrlends
all along that their strength lay In the
cordial relations existing between McKen
zie and the court.
"You had no confidence in your title to
the claim then?" asked Pillsbury, con
tinuing this point.
"Yes I had," said Chipps.
"You knew that the first locators were
naturalized?"
"Yes. I knew two of them were."
"And why did you sell out for $5000 if
you thought your .title was good?"
"Well. I. thought I could not win, and
even if I did I would not get anything."
"Why not?" •
"Because McKenzle would beat me
to it."
"When you found the property could not
be worked by a receiver you thought thj
game was up?"
"Yes, I bt-lteve I did."
"Didn't" you depend on the courts and
the receiver to get you the dust and the
property."
"Yes. I think I did."
"Then the value of the claim to you
was in keeping it in possession of the re
ceiver and retaining the friendship of the
court?"
"Yes, I believe It was."
It was In those words that Chipps con
fessed the infamy of the company of
which he was a director. They had the
receiver; they, had the court: they had
the court reporter and perhaps the clerk:
they had the District Attorney; they had
the best claims tied up; they had jumpers
and plaintiffs to spare; they had, plenty
o% money and influence behind them and
they had the best lawyers in Nome. It
was no wonder Chipps and the company
thought they had "a shade the best of it."
In conclusion Chipps said that all the
suits were handled In the same way; they
wero controlled by McKenzie and his
friends. He also brought out the Inter
esting fact that, the soldiers, so roundly
denounced by Geary yesterday for favor
ing the "Swedes," had been called upon
by Dubois to enforce the order of the
court and that they put McKenzie in pos
session of the Discovery claim as receiver.
ROBERT CHIFPS. WHO IS TELLING ALL, HE KNOWS OF THE DEAL
TO DISPOSSESS THE MINERS AT NOME AND SECURE THEIR
CLAIMS.
SAN PIEGO. Nov. 13.— The United Stat-,'3
survey steamer Ransrer «atl*d from tlili port
thU moraine on a seven months' cruise to La
Paz and the Gull of California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 13.— A telegram
reached Santa Fe headquarters In this
city from Chicago shortly after 10 o'clock
this morning calling out all the keyboard
men on the Santa Fe Pacific, the Southern
California and the San Francisco and San
Joaquin VaJley railways. <^3uch of tho
operators as are members of the brother
hood made preparations to obey the In
structions from the head of the order, who
acted on the recommendation of the griev
ance committee, which has for several
days been In close consultaiton with Presi
dent E. P. Rlpley, General Manager XV. G.
Nevin and otners of the leading Santa Fe
officials In Chicago. Then a second teie
gram was clicked off In the railroad of
fices countermanding the first and In
structing the men to remain at their keys.
The intervening time between the receipt
of the two telegrams was the most Inter
esting spent by those most affected in a
good many days, and the sigh of relief
that went up when the second wire
reached Los Angeles was genuine.
Nothing definite Is known In this city
as to the causes that led up to the threat
ened strike.
A Santa Fe strike just at this time
would have been a most t>eriou3 affair.
The Southwestern lines in and out of
Chicago have not been In years so busy
as they are at present. The citrus fruit
shipping season Is In full blast, and idle
telegraphers would be hard to get to fill
the places of the striking men.
Tho report that the Santa Fe's telegraph
operators would go on a strike yesterday
morning occasioned considerable uneasi
ness for a time in the local offices of the
company. Manager Alberger wired early
in the day for particulars, as the first he
Says the Company "Had the Judge,' Receiver and District
\ Attorney and It Looked Like Plain Sailing.
ITHOJJGHT we had a shade the best
of-it," was the way Robert Chipps
summed up the situation for the ;
benefit of all concerned yesterday.
He was telling how he was on his
way to Nome on the steamer Senator
with Noyes and McKenzle, and Wheeler,
the court reporter, and Bqrtsenlus, the
court clerk, and a few others connected
with the court and with the claims, and
all bound to Nome to make money. Noyes
had told him the way to settle all oppo
sition was to have a receiver appointed.
"That would fix them," was the Judge's
comment. Bortsenlus had told him that
he was going up to Nome to make money,
he didn't care how; and If he got into any
trouble there were good friends up there
who would help him out. McKenzie even
then was speculating on receiverships and
whether or not he could be made receiver
over his own property, and the whole par
ty' was looking eagerly forward to the
time when they should land In Nome and
begin operations. They were sure they
had the best of it.
From the time Chipps met McKenzle
and Carter and Hansbrough and Hubbard
In Washington last March it was expect
ed that there would be litigation over the
Discovery claim. For that reason Mc-
Kenzie said they should have a "good
Judge." McKenzie was supporting Noyes.
And then after all had/been settled and
the party was on its/vay to Nome, Mc-
Kenzie and Chipps discussed the best way
to get popsesslon of the claims, and they
decided that the receivership plan would
be better than any other. McKenzle ex
pected to get the receivership, and said so.
In this connction Pillsbury asked on the
redirect examination: ,
"You knew pretty nearly all the valua
ble properties :n that vicinity?"
"Yes I did," was the answer.
"And' it was the programme to get pos
session of them?"
"Yes. sir."
"And you did get possession of them,
didn't you?"
"Yes. sir."
"And isn't it a fact that McKenzle was
appointed receiver of all of these valuable
properties?"
"Yes. sir."
After telling this Chlpps-went on to ad
mit that there were men working on Dis
covery claim when he jumped it; that he
i jumped the claim because he thought one
of the partners was an alien, and In de
fiance of the fact that under the miners'
I rules the discoverer of a paying creek is
entitled to his first location under any cir
cumstances. Chipps also said that it was
advanced that the defendants were hold
ing more than one claim on the creek, but
he admitted that if they lost any under
the rule that forbids the holding of more
than one they would at least not lose the
first claim located, the Discovery. Yet it
was the Discovery that Chipps jumped.
He explained this when he said that it
was yielding $10,000 or $15,000 a day.
Chipps also took a slap at Sam Knight
j when he said Reece had told him on the
I way down from Nome that he had made
j an affidavit for Knight for which Knight
I had paid $7oO, and that the affidavit was
false and a trap to get Knight into trou
j ble.
The examination of the witness has
I strayed far from the Dubols contempt,
! and the attorneys skip from Nome to
Washington and then to Seattle with an
alacrity that promises to furnish a dis
jointed record; but in the meantime there
' is not much of the case that is not going
! in. Yesterday morning Chipps started out
; with his meeting with Hansbrough in
; Washington, when Hansbrough was work
j ing for certain amendments to the Alas
: kan code. Then he was brought up to
Nome to tell that he did not know of the
granting of the injunction against the de
iendants restraining them from taking
their g-old out of the country until he
heard -the injunction had been granted.
He said he had sworn to the affidavit .upon
which the injunction had been based, and
in that affidavit he swore that he was the
owner of the land. He had sworn that he
deeded the land before that lirst to Mc-
Kenzle and then to Hubbard, and when
Geary asked him if he had sworn to a
falsehood when he signed the affidavit, it
looked bad. But it looked worse when
Pillsbury brought out on the redirect ex
| amination that the affidavit had been dic-
I tated to him by Dubois, and it was on
] the advice of Hvbbard. Beeman and Hume
that he signed and filed it. They said
nothing about it being irregular.
Then the subject of the various deeds
to the Discovery claim was taken up. Tho
lirst deed Chipps made was to McKenzia
in Washington. Then he came to Chicago
and made an agreement to deed the claim
to a syndicate there, for he said he did
not know that McKenzie would carry out
his end of the contract. Then when he
went to Nome he deeded the claim to
Hubbard on the advice of McKenzie, who
said he might get into trouble if it were
Epeciil Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, Nov. 13.— A halt in the
official count of this county occurred last
e%-ening when no tally sheet was found in
the package supposed to contain the elec
tion returns from Grizzly Flat Precinct.
An effort was made before the Board of
Supervisors, supported by the advice of
the District Attorney, to have the package
containing the ballots voted In that pre
cinct opened to ascertain If it did not con
tain the election returns. The County
Clerk refused to break the seal of the
package, as the law compels him to keep
it unopened find unaltered for one year.
The board adjourned then and again to
day, without proceeding further with the
count.
Should the count be eventually com
pleted without the Grizzly Flat returns, It
will break the probable tie between Lard
ned (Republican) and Tabor < Democrat)
for Stale Senator in favor of the latter,
and defeat Hoyt, a Republican candidate
for Supervisor.
TO REDISTBICT THE STATE.
Plan by Which Los Angeles County
Will Have a Congressman.
I.OS ANGELES, Nov. 13.— According to
the plans of Senator Cutter of Yuba and
his colleagues on the Republican State
Central Committee, Los Angeles County
will, after K*03, constitute an entire Con
gressional district to itself. A new bill re
districting the State has already been
prepared for presentation at the next ses
sion of the Legislature. The proposed act
also provides that the representation of
Los Angeles County in the Legislature
shall be increased to four Senators and
eight Assemblymen, as against three Sen
ators and five Assemblymen under the
present distribution. The Sixth Congres
sional District will consist of Los Angeles
County alone; the Seventh will take In
Kings, Tulare, San Luis Obispo, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Kern. San Bernardino,
Orange, Riverside and San Diego.
Pays an Election Bet.
FAN RAFAEL.. Nov. 13.— A freak elec
tion hot was honorably discharged at No
vato on Sunriny. If McKinley were re
elected Cornelius Miadema engaged to
convey in a whc-elbarrow Herman Rohrs
from the railroad depot to the old town,
about a mile and a half. At 2 o'clock the
start was made, Miadema and Rohrs be
ing escorted by about thirty-five convey
ances crowded with friends and 100 pedes
trians. The wheelbarrow was gayly dec
orated with ribbons. After the wheelbar
row episode the gathering adjourned to
Loustaneau's Hall, where Republicans a.n :
Democrats alike had a good time, closing
with a dance.
Tie Vote for Judge.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. m.— The
Board of Supervisors completed the can
vass of ballots to-day, finding a tie vote
on Superior Judge. C. C. Bennett and B.
P. Blc-dsoe each having 2SG4. Convention.-*
will be called and a new election held on
the Governor's proclamation at the earli
est possible date.
Carelessness of Election Officials
Gives Tabor a Temporary Ma
jority Over Lardner in El
Dorado County.
TALLY SHEET CANNOT BE FOUND
Blunder That May Elect a
Democrat to State
Senate.
RETURNS FROM
GRIZZLY FLAT
PRECINCT LOST
EpeciAl Dispatch to The Call.
6AK JOSE, Xov. 13.— With $3000 worth
of faxr.Ily jowels In his pocket. Leslie
Briggs cf Santa Cruz, an lS-year-old son
of a prominent family there, cut a wide
Bwath among the habitues of the tender
loin of this city from Sunday night to
this rsornir.g. His pace was fast and furi
ous and he was deemed a "good thing,"
but the presence of Detective Rolls of the
eurf city caused the young man to hastily
depart for San Francisco this morning.
Leslie left home on Sunday evening. Be
fore going ne abstracted the Jewelry from
the family chest. Nothing was too good
for young Brings here, and when his few
dollars In money gave out he pawned
the jewelry. He made his headquarters
at the Hotel St. James. Most of his time
was spent in the tenaerloin district and
he cast his jewels about with the lavish
hand of a. prince. A three-carat diamond
ring be gave to a bellboy at the hotel for
a loan of $10. The proprietor of a saloon
was handed a big pigeon-blood ruby ring
ior the use of $15, and an elegant diamond
sunburst went as security for $7. A large
pearl ring was disposed of for J10. The
value of these jewels is said to be SlOQi.
The rest of the gems young Briggs is said
to have with him.
As soon as the young man was missed
from the family home a search showed he
had loaded himself down with jewels. The
police of this city were notified to be on
the lookout for iv.m, and Detective Rolls
v.as commissioned to locate and bring the
boy back. He arrived here from Santa
Cruz this morning, but Briggs got word
of his coming and fled on an early train
for San Francisco. It is said he Is headed
for l.os Angeles.
t>eteciive Roll<=. with the aid of the po
lice, succeeded In recovering the jewelry
pawned by the boy, and went to San
Francisco this afternoon. It Is under
stood Brigps is not to be prosecuted, and
his parents are putting up the money to
redeem the jewelry.
—rcares From the Garden City Before
th« Arrival of a Detective Sent
by His Parents to Ar
rest Him.
PAWRS GEMS FOR SMALL SDMS.
Santa Cruz Lad Cuts a
Wide Swath in San
Jose's Tenderloin.
FLEES FROM HIS
HOME WITH THE
FAMILY JEWELS
CHIPPS IS QUITE SURE THEY HAD
A "SHADE THE BEST " OF MINERS
had known of the Impending trouble was
what he had read In the pap«rs. At noon
Mr. Alberger received a telegram from
President Dolphin, chief of the Railroad
Telegraphers' Association, to the effect
that a mutually acceptable agreement and
settlement had been made, and that the
proposed strike had been declared off.
There are about 250 telegraph operators
In the employ of the company through the
State. The telegram from Chicago was
Immediately sent over all the lines, and
in practically every case where the men
had quit they returned to their instru
ments. The company experienced little or
no Inconvenience. The company's opera
torn In this city are not members of the
organization which Instituted the move
ment for better wages.
CONCESSIONS TO OPERATORS.
Larger Salaries on the San Joaqnin
IW vision.
DENVER. Nov. lS.-Resarding the brief
telegraphers' strike on the Santa Fe Rail
way to-day, a special from Albuquerqua
to -the Rocky Mountain News says:
••The trouble arose over the claim mada
by the ope rators on the newly opened San
Joarjuln Valley road to receive the sama
schedule of wases as paid on the other
western divisions of the> Santa Fe system.
The matter was first taken to General
Manager XV. G. Nevin. who in turn re
ferred tt to Mr. Barr. A3 a result of the
concessions the operators concerned will
receive about 20 per cent more salary."
Operators Leave Their Keys, but Are
Soon Ordered to Resume Work.
SHORT-LIVED STRIKE
ON SANTA FE ROAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1900.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 13.— William Harmon
and W. V.\ Ricun were arrested to-day ».y De
tective - Alter for the looting of a. mJ'jide
saloon south of the city last night, and they
admit their frullt. In their, possession were
found two gol 1 watches,! one with a diamond
net in the e.i3e rnd on the reverse »idc the
Initials M. .'IS. I' or M. I. L., the middle let
ter beinsr lndlf tlnct. It has a Waltham move
ment. The othor is a -cheaper waich vitli *
Springfield movement and a hunting case.
BID FOR EASTERN TOURISTS.
Plan to Extensively Advertise the
Santa Clara Valley.
3
"CHILDREN AND FOOLS."
"Judge of a Thing Half Done."
This is particularly applicable' in^cases
whore persons seriously troubled from the
ofTtcts of coffee drinking and who take up
Postum Food Cofff-e in its place, attempt
to make the new beverage with a little
hot water and two or three minutes' boil-
ing. That sort of a "lick and a promise"
;in-daccs a drink ihct is simply exasperat-
ing. It is flat and tastek-ss. whereas the
person who will boii the Postum full fif-
teen minutes after the actual bubbling
and boiling begins, will have a beverage
that is something.
There is a po-ru between twelve and fif-
toen minutes of boiling, when the char-
acter of Pcstum is changed, the food
value is extracted and the delicious flavor
v-hieh much rc-sembies the milder and
more expensive grades of Java coffee is
A lady In Ealem, Or., cays: "Whenever
I drank cofT<?e at n!pht I always passed a
rest!«rs*, wakeful nipht. Extreme nervous-
r.'-s and a weak stomach have followed
me ever since I have been using coffee.
Finally I got into such a state that my
dyspepsia took the form of spasms and
heart weakness.
"I suffered intensely, and when a physi-
cian was called, he inquired, among other
things, if 1 drank coffee, and insisted that
1 leave it off. I did so and took up tea,
which I found almost as bad. Finally
husband brought home a package of
Postum, and we trk-d it (strictly accord-
inp 10 directions, for we believe In the
adage that 'Children and fools judge of a
thing half done').
"The ntw coffee was delicious and from
that day until now (which Ss a year) It
lias tTt-en our only drink at meals. My
dyspepsia, ppasms, etc., are a thing of the
past. My husband" had suffered some
years with bilious headaches and indiges-
tion, but during the past year, on Postum
1'ood Coffee, he has entirely recovered his
l^-aith and gained much In weight. Our
iii^nds frequently comment on our Im-
proved appearance ar.d change in com-
rlf-rion." N^roe of writer supplied by
Post um Co.. Battle Creek. Mich.
Satisfactory
overcoats
customers.
$6.95
Other coats, such as coverts, cheviots, whip-
cords, oxford grays, raglans, etc, at money-saving
prices from $7.^0 up.
Remember that this is the store that protects its
We could go on and tell you why our overcoats
are satisfactory, why they wear, why they look well
and why they please, but all you want to know is
that you are getting a satisfactory overcoat at a
satisfactory price. We claim you can do this here,
and to make our assertion stronger, we give you the
privilege of money back or a year's repairing free.
The overcoats are union made, which means
well made, stylish and serviceable. They consist
of all the fashionable cloths at a good range of
prices. Pictured here is a black kersey overcoat
with a velvet collar and particularly good lining — a
coat that we have sold for $10.00, but as a special
we cut the price to
$2.50
The suits are for boys from £ to 1; years of age
and are made of all-wool materials; the usual values
are $4.00, $4.50 and $5.00; the special price up to
to-morrow night is
Boys' suits
Suits from 9 to 1$ years in size are rnade with
plain dcuble-breasted coat, and from to 10 years
in size with double-breasted coat, sailor collar and
braid. Some of the pants have double seats and
0ui-of-(own orders filled — ttriie us.
New departure — Made- to- order satin lined
covert cloth automobile coats for little girls from 3
to 13 years of age— price $10. 00.
Baseball cutfit, consisting of bail, ta\ cap and
bel\ free with every boy's suit or overcoat.
718 Market Street.
• _ .
POSTUM CEREAL.
I I j 1 ii | jjj ; j I JfvVty.. \l.'tiir.. SECOND RACE— Futurity course; maiden two-year-olds; purse, >300.
Time— H. :U\ %, :37; %. 1:01%; %. 1:27«4. Good start. Wort easily. Second and third driv
ing. Wlnnor, W r . I>. Randall's b. h. by Montana-Flirt. Winner -Improved several ;pound3
over his preceding race. Race will do Proclamation f?oo4. .Klckumbob ran to form. Ring
master better on a poft track. Lotlper no account. Scratched— Donator: 109. '::;, \ , ' , . "
f.i-t;. THIRD RACK— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $350.
John Grace and time of each course In the
order of course, score and time:
E. M. Kellogg's' Iowa Maid beat P. C. Buck's
La Tlona Souvenir. 25-<>; 8 minutes.
T. J. Melnrrney's Johnnie It b*at II. A. Deck
elman'a Ben Klrhy. l»-4; 1 mln. 7 see.
J. Caul's Miss Penman beat P. J. R«niy's
The Grafter after two no courses 8-1; I min.
48 sec. .
I'asha Kennels' Rollicking Airs beat R. K.
Malcolm's Aeneas. 8-0: 1 mln. 40 sec,
J. K. Hurley's' O K Capitol beat B. Eoles
worth'a Pass Word after a no course, 15=0; 49
sec. 1 min. *1 sec.
J. Reid's Reckless Archer beat J. HUrstus*
Sara Curran. 4-0; 25 Bee.
L F. iWtels' Eeer Drewer beat R. C. Scott's
Peter West after a nr> course, 3-0; 1 mln. IS sec.
Curtis & Sr.ns' McKInley beat I* F. Cartels'
Best Bargain. 8-4: 4S s<?c.
T. J. Melnerney's Rosie R beat C O. Wha
len's Black Filer. 8-0; 1 mia. 20 •<*& .¦
P. J. Rally's Plough Hoy beat J. H. W.
Mullet's Cruiser. 6-3; Cj sec.
James I. O' Brian's Pasha Queen beat B. A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty, 12-4; 1 mln. ZO t*c.
W. H. Hlnchman's Forget beat Curtis & Sons'
Ca.«h. 6-4: 30 tec.
E. M. KfUrgg-s Sire«t Emma beat F. A; Mc-
Comb's Klower of Gold after two no courses,
12-3; 10 sec. 10 sec, 2 min. 50 sec
J. TH-nnia' Mike Fenton beat P. C. Bllok's
May Lawrence, 12-4; 2 mln.
Russell & Allen's Scotland Yet b*at Pasha
Kennels' Gold NucKPt. 22-3; 1 mln. 32 ser,
T. J. Crnnln's Daisy Pale beat L. F. Barte'.s'
Banner BrlEht, 1T-7; 57 seconds. '¦
T. J. Cronin'n Vixen brat S-tfrt & Kno-wles*
Amarnsa after a no gt, ii}-«;- 47 sec, 55' tec.
W. Creamer's Je?se Moore beat D. E. Wiley* a
Hl«h Born La«iy. 12-2; 1 min. 4<> »ec.
T. W. Bartels' Betsy Barrow beat J. HU^tns"
Robert Emmet la a double bye. Rusty Gold end
Silent Treasure withdrawn, 2^-0; 1 inin. tQ sec.
T. J. Mclnerney's Tommy Rex a by«, E*. C.
Mack's I>ella M withdrawn. Ji>-3; 57 sec
Sterl A Knowles' fteety Mist beat C. G. "CVTia
len's Alsandro, 10-2; 40 fee. '. •.
P. J. Rellly's Lady Granard b«at Otorgn Shar
nian's Bowery I^y. Vrt\ 2 ftiln. 5 »ec.
R. E. do B. Lopez * Fons' M!nnl» Wa-Wa
beat E>. H. -W. Reke's Recording Angel. 14-6; 1
mln. 25 sec
Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead beat 'J. R.
r>iekson's I-ady Marion. 13-7: 1 mtn 35 eea-
Erwln & Lyons' Silver Lyon beat Hall &
Newell's Clara Barton. 9-7; 17. sec
W. H. Hlnchman's St. Michael and Twin City
Girl ran an undecided course, lasttnr Z mln. £3
sec. after which, Twin City Girl was. with
drawn.
Erwln * Lyons' Silver "Wlnga beat J. Cans'*
Victor Queen. 7-4: 63 sec
HOUNDS CHASE HARES
UNDER A TORRID SUN
Weather Comditfloinis UepropitioiaS for
tlhe Opemflirag of the Interstate
Comrsfling Meet at Modesto.
MODESTO, Nov. 13j-Under, a blazing:
sun and on parched plains eight -miles
south of Modesto the Interstate Coursing
Association, began. to-day its sixth annual
open plains meeting., A scarcity of hares
and" a superheated atmosphere were the
features of- tho open! rip day, which was
too short to permit of the complete run
ning of the first round. Altogether twenty
eight courses were settled, leaving four
teen in the run-down fpr^to-morrow.
This open plains meeting resembles that
of .'last' 'year only. In -a isinple instance —
scarcity of hares.- On* the opening day of
the preceding: meet tho rain fell in sheets.
To-day the sun created an equal amount
of- discomfort, though in an antithetical
way. The hares were strong and fast— too
much so for the hounds, .as they tore over
the burning sands r almost to exhaustion.
Iowa Maid was the worst sufferer. In the
first course of the" day she defeated La
liosa Souvenir_by the score of 26—0. and
this glory was almost her death sentence.
At a late hour this evening the hound is
in a precarious condition.
Owing to the non-completion of the first
round it^s difficult. to settle upon any one
or two dogs for stake honors. All the
Merced dogs running in T. J. Mclnerney's
name gave good performances to-day.
Last year's stake winner, O. K. Capitol,
is in the running, and several others
ehowed up in good form. The betting was
light, though the attendance was greater
than the average. A few short ends took
the money. Miss Penman at 1 to 4 beat
The Graf terr'Forget finished Cash at 1 to 2
and Mike Fenton, at the same odds with
May Lawrence, took the flag. Bowery
Hoy fell to Lady Granard on the short end
of a 2'to 5, shot. <-
Rusty Gold and Silent Treasure were
withdrawn from the stake for good rea
sons. Game old Rusty Gold received such
a severe-chewing from one of his kennel
mates on Monday night that it is doubtful
if he will ever run again. Silent Treasure,
J. Mooney's dog. tore away from his
* mooring* In the baggnge car on Monday
night twenty miles below Modesto and es
caped. This gave Betsy Barrow and Rob
ert-Emmet a chance for a double bye.
Following are the official scores of Judge
I «2S. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling: all agns; purse, $J00.
Time— \i. :24; 4. :W. •%, 1:14. Good Pta»t; Won cleverly. Second and third, driving "Wln
; ner. Burns & Waterhouse's ch.- c.; by.-'Atra-FlosFle; February had no chance from flag fall.
Sold* on/oyrd clear sailing. -Matt IlotjanUs lmprovlrip- Merry Boy ran fairly well. Hun-
KRrinn eonslRU-nt. 'Rrbke down. ' ¦"¦¦" i .f.'- . - . ' •, -•;.---
Time— H, :24K; H, :*S*;; *i, 1:14; mile, 1:40. Good start. AVon easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, \\". Appleby & Co,'s ch. jr. by Duke of Norfolk-Carmen. Winner is an ex
cppdlngly fast one. Expedient Is a wonder In his own peculiar way. Flush of Gold poorly
ridden. Jennie Reid showed Improvement. Morlnel away poorly. Mistral had early speed
and will do soon. Scratched— Perseus 102, Loconomo 97, Goldone 103.
I :t— !». SIXTH ItACKVOny mile; three^yoar-old.s and* up; purse. $400.
Dies of His Wounds.
DENVER, Nov. 13.— Hampton Jackson,
a colored Deputy. Sheriff who was shot tn
the election riot In this city. Is dead. This
is the third death resulting from the riot.
GREAT STBIKE MADE IN
CRIPPLE CREEK DISTRICT
Assays Prom a_ Narrow Streak of Or©
Body Buns as High as $102,
000 to the Ton.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. Nov. 13.— One
of the greatest strikes ever made In the
famous Cripple Creek gold mining district
has just been uncovered in the property
of the. Gold Bond Consolidated Mlne3
Company, on Gold Hill, of -which Charles
X. Miller of this city Is the principal own
er. The assays on a narrow streak of the
ore body runs as high as $112,000 per ton.
while the rein from which this assay was
taken, exclusive of the rich streak, baa
widened to a width of four feet and has
given an average assay of COO to $300 per
ton. The great strike has created the most
Intense excitement In mining circles. -,
Senator Davis Dying*.
ST. PAUL. Nov. 13.— The grave compli
cations disclosed by the bulletin. Issued
last evening by the physician in attend
ance upon Senator C. K. Davis have
greatly depressed his family and'Trtenda
who hitherto have been h©p«ful a* a
favorable ' outcome of his- prolonged Ill
ness. Hi»,wife. his aged parents and two
sisters, wno are in constant attendance
upon him. now fully realize the probabil
ity of a fatal result and that at no dis
tant time. .
BERKELEY, Nov. 13.— There are two
visiting football teams at the University
of California to-day. They are the eleven*
from the University of Nevada and from
the University of Oregon. This afternoon
the men appeared on the Berkeley grid
iron for signal practice.
The Nevada men arrived late last night,
while the Oregon men came In earlier in
the day. Both teams are lodged in the
various fraternity houses, although each
maintains a separate training table.
Besides Coach James Hopper, a Berke
ley graduate, and Manager Stubba there
are sixteen men in the Nevada party
They nre Hunter, center; C. Smith and
Lawrence, guards; Reardon and Berry,
tackles; O'Hara and Moran. ends; Lead
better, quarter; B. Smith and Sunderland,
halfs; Keddie, fullback; Stewart, sub
quarter or full; F. Smith, sub end; Levett.
sub tackle or center; Pratt, sub guard;
Mitchell, sub half.
The Oregon boys are coached by Law
rence Kaarsberg, California's famous full
back of the past two seasons. Their line
up is as follows: Right end. Bush; right
tackle, Thurston; right guard. Waddc 1 !;
center, Wagner; left guard. Watts: left
tackle, Jakway; left end, Zelgler; quarter.
Scott; right half. Starr; left half. Smith;
fullback; Payne. Ooodrich and StubUng
are substitutes.
To-morrow afternoon the Nevada team
will line up against the California eleven
on the campus. A good game Is expected.
Both teams average well as far as weight
is concerned, the visiting team averaging
Ui7 pounds and California about 17J
pounds.
The next few days will be busy ones for
Nevada. Besides the game with Berkeley
to-morrow the visitors will play Stanford
at Palo Alto next Saturday and wll' meet
Oregon on the Berkeley campus probably
next Monday.
Coach Hopper said In speaking of his
team: .
"Several "changes have been made tn tha
positions owing to injuries and sickness/
The men have pulled themselves together
again and will be ready to play a good,
hard game Wednesday."
California will play Orejron on the
Berkeley campus next Saturday after
noon. The Oregon team is unusually light,
averaging only 159 pounds. There are,
however, some very clever Individual
players in the team.
Elevens From Nevada and
Oregon Are in the
College Town.
FOOTBALL TEAMS
BEACH BERKELEY
CHICAGO, Nov. 13.— The home of Orrin
•W; Potter at 130 Lake Shore drive was
entered by a masked burglar early to
day. Mrs. Potter was awakened as tha
burglar, with a cloth saturated -with
chloroform, was bendfhp over her. She
screamed for help, but before the other
members of the household, arous^i b>*
her cries, could come to her assistance
the burjjlar struck her with a paJr" of
brass knuckles, almost rendering her un
conscious, and escaped. The blotv cut a
deep gash In Mrs. Potter's head and for a
time it was feared that this and the nerv
ous shock would result seriously, but to
day she waa reported to ba resting com
fortably.
Last April the Potter residence was en
tered by porch-climbers, who secured $1\
000 in diamonds and jewelry' and escajx-d
without leaving a clew. This time, how
ever, nothing was obtained. Half a dozen
suspects were arrested, but were released
after giving satisfactory accounts of
themselves. Last night's attempted burg
lary marks the climax of a seriea of hoia
upa and burglaries which have) taken
place In the last few daya, ami to-day
Chief of Police Klpley Issued orders for
the immediate arrest of any known crook
in tne city.
While Being Chloroformed
the Victim Awakens
and Gives Alarm.
BURGLAR NEARLY
KILLS A WOMAN
Possible Winners.
First Race — Osmond, Canejo. Bessie Lee.
Second Race— Diderot, Tenny Bell*. Laura
Marie.
Third Race — Rosormonde, Locochee, The
Bobby.
Fourth Race— Goldone. Alee. Montanus.
Fifth Race— Horton, Bdgardo, Dr. Bernays.
Sixth Itace— Torsina, Panamlnt, Pomplna
FORM PLAYERS HAVE A
GOOD DAY AT LAKESIDE
CHICAGO, Nov. 13.— The talent had an
excellent day at Lakeside to-day, beating
nearly every race. The track was fast,
despite the rain and snow of the night and
morning. Form was strictly adhered to
In the first rnce. Watlta. tho 3 to 2
favorite, winning easily and Lord Llzu
and If You Dare, equal second- choices at
4 to- 1, finishing second and third as
named. Rosa Diah was a. good thing in
the second race and heavily backed to
beat the odds-on favorite, Alpaca, at 9 to
10. She did it without an effort, vv eather
cloudy; track fast. Results:
Six furlongs— Wntita won, Lord Liza eecond.
If You Dare third. Time. 1:16.
Six furlongs— Kosa Diah won, Alpaca second,
Sir Christopher third. Time, 1:15 1-5. *; ',
One mile and a sixteenth— Heroics won. Zaca
tosa second. Brown Veil third. Time, 1:50.
Seven furlongs— Ixml Roberts won, Pirate s
Quren second. Birdie D third. Time. 1:29.
One mile and a sixteenth— Balnl won, Chopin
second, Ben Chance third. Time. 1:43.
One mile and a sixteenth— Lydla S won. Mary
land Reserve second, Village Pride third. • Time,
1:00, 2-5.
NEW 'YORK, Nov. 13.— Three firsts and
two seconds was Jockey Walsh's record
at Aqueduct to-day. His riding was the
feature of an otherwise dull day 3 sport.
The wenther was clear and bright a; a the
track fast and .the attendance good.
Favorite players began the da- badly, as
O Connor was kicked at the post while on
the favorite, Bettie Gray, and Phelan haii
to be substituted. Phelan rode a good
race, but his finish was weak, and Belle of
Orleans, with Walsh up, beat him a hea<l
at the wire. I^ady Contrary, almost lef»
at the post, was third, only a head away.
The boy followed up his success in -tho
first by winning easily with Snark in the
second at 8 to 1, and Tartar in the- third
at 2 to 1. He made all the running in both
races and won off. Summary:
Six furlongs, celling — Belle of Orleans won.
Bettie Gray second, I^ady Contrary third. Time
1:18,
Six furlongs— Snark won, Princeton Girl sec
ond. GJade Run third. Time, 1:1,5.
One mile and seventy yards — Tartar won.
Kxcelsis second, Rolando third. Time. 1:47 1-3.
One mile and a sixteenth— Klnniklnnlc won.
Greyfeld second. Withers third. Time, 1:4S 3-5.
Seven furlongs— Marechal Xlel won. Frank
Hall second, American third. Time. 1:27 1-3.
One mile and seventy yards, selling — Double
immmy won. The Chamljerlain second, Harry
McCoun third. Time. 1:47. .
CINCINNATI, Nov. 13.— The extra day's
racing at Latonia for the benefit of Harry
Weldon drew out a large sized crowd to
day, and the sport was the best seen at
the track this fall. The mile hajidicay.
which vtas tho feature of the card, wap a
very exciting contest, the three betting
chances finishing noses apart, with Cam
brian, the favorite. In first place. --'Weather
clear; track fast. Summary: ;
One mile, selling— Honey wood won. Free Hand
second, Doueterswtvel third. Time, 1:43.
One mile, selling— Porter B won, Glenwood
second, Joe Battle third. Time, • 1 :43. ., .
Six furlongH. selling — Ziazd.-won; Iola second.
Jack Adle third. Time, 1:14%.
One mile, handicap— Cambrian .won. Wood
trice second. Branch third. Time. 1:4H{.
One mile and a half,, selling— Jack Telling
won. Colbert second. Flag of Truce third. Time.
2:37%. '
: One mile — Whitfleld '. won. Juniper second.
Warranted third. Time, 1:44.
OCEAN FTEAMER.
NEW TORK-Arr!v«d Nov lJ-Stmr Adiron
tMxk. from K.!s£cion.
SAILED. -- '
Tuesday. November IX.
Etror ??ewburK, Peterron, Grajn Harbor.
AKIUVED. . - - ¦ .
Tue.^dcy, November 11.
Ftmr Antic, Morpey. 8 <i«y» from Port Town
eend. via Xeah Hay < day*.
ULTE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Wins On a Foul.
MEMPHIS. Term., Nov. 13.-To-nIght at
the Southern Athletic Club Jim Scanlon
of Plttsburg defeated Doc Payne of Cleve
land in three rounds of terrific nghtlng.
The <1* cision was given Scanlon on a foul,
but the Cleveland man was outclassed.
POULTRY AND HARE SHOW.
at San Jose.
Hundreds of- Entries in the IMsplay
SAN JOSE, Nov. 13.— The fourth annual
show of the Santa Clara Valley Poultry
and Belgian Hare Club opened In Turn
Vereln Hall this morning and will con
tinue for four days. It is the best of the
kind ever held here About 1200 birds are
entered and there Is a good display of
Belgian hares. Secretary Harker, who
hai charge of the arrangements. Is great-*
ly pleased with th showing made. There
are more outside entries than ever before
made at a Bhow In this city, and ihf> ex
liibU of water fowl Is said to be the best'
ever displayed on the coast. ! ' : ." " ..•
There was a fair attendance for opening
day. The latter part of the v:eek many
poultry and hare . fanciers from various
sections of the State are expected. A num
ber of fine silver cups are offered as
prizes.
Will Test' an Ordinance.
COVELO,' Nov. 13.— Robert J. Clements.
a wealthy rancher In thtf northern part of
this county. Intends to test the validity of
the ordinance preventing the use of a re
peating shotgun. Clements, was recently
arrested by a game warden for having
used one of the "pump guns." He pleaded
not guilty and employed attorneys to fight
the case.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.— It is ihe un
derstanding anvmg prominent South
American members of the diplomatic
corps that the visit of President Campos-
Salles of Brazil to the President of Ar
gentina has been productive of an uii
demandirig by which thc«e two republics
cr the south arc likely ro exert their
united influence toward the paoitjc ad
justment of some of ;ho perplexing ques
tions which have disturbed their heigh
b< ring republics. While tivre is said to
have been do formal truly or alliance
the indications are that the two nations
Tvill now carry forward the same general
policy for a pacinc adjustment of pending
difficu'itice.
One of the concerns is the coast line at
Bolivia. At one time Bolivia, was pos
ee«sed of a. considerable ocean front, with
pcrr.e good harbors. Hut as a result of
warfare Chile took possession of all of
Bolivia's coast line, (caring that country
in much the same condition as Switzer
land, without access to tlie sea and
hemmed in <.n all sides by opposing force.*.
Bolivia has taken this very much to heart
and her jileas have appealed to the sense
of justice of quhe a number of the Soulh
American States;, it j s believed that lio
livia'e plisbt liaf b»-er» taken into consid
eration in conversations between the
President* of J'»razil and Argentina, and
lhat. without any recourse to arbitrary
means, they will tiy to induce Chile ii>
srant iJolivia a restoration of at least
t-ome part oi «i«-r coast lln«=>. thus restoring
her former dignity and importance as a
maritime nation. Owing to the strong
bonds between these two nations ami
Chile, it is felt that Chile will be disposed
to grant every just desire for tho reha
LIMtation of Bolivia. Beyond . this, how
ever, thore is said to be no likelihood of
any pressure Ix-ing brought to bear on
Chile, as it is only through pacific means
and tho usual . exercise of good offices
that the change Is hoped to be brought
about.
Th<- Argentine Minister, Dr. Edouaide
Wilde, was a: ; krd to-day as to the .-epor's
of political i-ignincance attaching to Presi
dent Campos-Salles' visit to Argentina.
The Minister answered that he Had re
ceived no official advices, but he felt war
ranted in e-X}ire?s!ng his personal convic
tion that the visit would have a very good
lesuk in uniting more lirmly the nuse
political relations. The visit was largeiy
social and complimentary, being a return
of the trip made by the President of A -
gentina to Brazil last year. lJoubtlc.«s
there had be+-n an opportunity during ihe
exchange of felicitations to talk over
those subjects on which Brazil and Ar
gentina are mutually interested. Dr.
Wilde ?ays both of the countries desire
an end to the petty complications which
have arisen from time to time in neigh
boring countries so that there may be un
interrupted peace for the development of
their -Fpl<?ndid natural resources. As to
Bolivia^ Dr. Wilde said he was not ad
visod, out thought it quite likelv that
r.r.-jzil and Argentina would make known
their desire for an adjustment of the long
pending source of conflict.
The report which has gained circulation
that the southern countries might form
a commercial alliance antagonistic to th3
I'nlte-d States Is dif=m»sped by -Dr. Wilde
as entirely without foundation. He says
there is in oflielal circles throughout South
America the very highest regard tor ths
preat republic of the north and that com
merce v.-ith this country »s belnjf con
stantly fostered. There is iio disposition
•inj-where to Interrupt this favorable con
dition, but a constant desire to increase
the trade relations and the strong po
litical bonds of friendship existing be
tween N'orth and South America.
Possible Result of Visit of
Brazil's President to
Argentina.
BOLIVIA'S PLEA
MAY BE HEARD
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.-S. I. Kimball,
general superintendent of the Life Savins
Sefvice. in his annual report to Secretary
Gage says that at the close of the fiscai
year the establishment embraced 203 sta
tions. 194 being on the Atlantic, 58 on the
lakes. 16 on the Pacific and one at the
falls of the Ohio at Louisville. Ky.
The number of disasters to documented
vessels within the field of operations of
the service during the year was 364. There
were on board these vessels 2C5 persons,
of whom 2Gd~ w.ere saved and forty-eight
lost. Six hundred and seventy-three ship-
KTecked persons received succor at the
stations, to whom 1447 days' relief m the
asgregate was afforded. The estimated
value of the vessels involved in disaster
was $5.127 .SO0. and of their cargoes $3,422,
€:*). making a total value of property im
periled of S9.470.1M. Of this amount $7,
234.CW was saved and $2,230,500 lost. The
number of vessels totally lost was sixty
one.
In addition to the foregoing there were
during the year 320 casualties to smull
craft, such as small yachts, sailboat.*,
rowboats. etc., on board of which woic
781 persons, of whom live were losi. The
property involved In these instances id
estimated at $267,070, of which $256,770 was
paved and $10,300 lost.
Besides the number of persons saved
from vessels of all kinds there were b'J3
other? rescued, who had fallen from
wharves, piers and other positions of ex
treme peril, many of whom would have
perished but for the aid of the life saving
crews. Five hundred and fourteen oi'
these were rescued from .dwelling houses,
outbuildings and other elevated placed
submerged wholly or In part by the ter
rible: flood of the Brazos River in Texas.
July 6 to 12, im.
The crews savd and assisted to save
during the year 371 .vessels valued, with
their cargoes, at J4.006.n90, and rendered
assistance of minor importance to 6S3
othtr vessels in distress, besides warning
from danger 194 vessels.
The investigations made into the details
of every shipwreck involving loss of life
and Into the conduct of the life savin,?
crews show that no life was lost through
lack of prompt and faithful efforts on the
part <>f the life saving men. More than
one-half of those who perished were lo.st
by reason of their unwise attempts to
reach the shore in their own boats in
stead of remaining on board the wrecks.
The cost of the maintenance of the ser
vice during the year was Jl.b35.936.
The general superintendent calls atten
tion to the justice and necessity of an in
crease in the compensation of district su
perintendents, who he belieVt'8 are tho
poorest paid servants of the Government,
considering' the nature and extent of their
duties and their heavy financial .Respon
sibility, and he makes a strong plea In
their behalf.
Interesting Annual Report
Made by the General
Superintendent.
WORK OF LIFE
SAVING SERVICE
Time— }4. :24\: >i. :<9%: %. 1:14%.; m,"l:U?.lUm, 2:0G. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner, W. D. Randall's ch.- h. ¦ byvlmp. Cavaller-Herschel. Bullman, by a liberal appli
cation of the "bat." .never, gave Gauntlet time to sulk. Opponent did his best. Essence
. made up a deal of ground 'after getting 'away next to last. Torslda did tho best she could.
• ElMldo sulked. .Scratched— Locochec 116, Barney F 95. .. - .:
11527. FOURTH RACE— On* and a quarter rnil«s; selling; three-year-oMs and up; purse, $400.
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; Felling: .. ¦ .
1320 Pupil 102 1279 St Cuthbert....lO7
St. Wood 107 1317 Tlzona 99
12S6 Ooublet 103 <1320)Pompino 107
1320 Mocorito ..^...104 1312 Jerry Hunt. .....107
1312 Redwald 112 1083 Lothian 109
(1316)Par.amint 10S (13Q4)Torslna 107
Fifth Rase — One and a Eixteenth miles; three
year-olds and up; selling: . . «
1318 Dr Bernays 103 1310 Loconomo 103
(1316)Horton 110 1321.Edgswdo 98
1049 Topmast Ill
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
1111 Maxello 10* 1311 Goldone 10S
K30 Knte Uibbons...l04 ¦ 772 Un Cadeau 105
1304 Tirade 107 1316 Afamada 107
131* Donator 1071 1326 Montanus 107
1058 I'arda 107, 1318 Lost Girl 101
1260 Romany 101| 1316 Alee 102
Third Race— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and up; purse: •
1321 The Bobby 95 1315 Rosormonde .... 09
1311 Grand 'Sachem.. 104 1321 Locochee .......104
#ferjnd lta<*>— Five and a half furlongs; -two
year-olds; purse: _.
130O Santalus 95 1314 Tenny Belle 105
1314 Scallywag 105 1314 Diderot 103
Couger 98 1020 Laura Marie. ...103
Track Notes.
II. J. Jones, father of Eddie Jones, says
the rider was due In New York last Sat
urday and ought to arrive here some
time during the present week. Eddie
Fhould experience no difficulty In secur
ing mounts, even though he did not sign
to ride for the Prince of Wales during
his stay in England.
After the poor showing made by Febru
ary the judges decided that in future the
entry of the mare would bo refused at
Oakland. : ' ' . . . -
-The Ftewards, of the Pacific Coast
Jockey- Club .recently reinstated .Thomas
Cook, ruled off for claiming -Chihuahua
from a selling race at Ingleside, and'
Stef-plechase Kiders H. MrMnlion and
Boh Cairns., All three.- wore ruled off on
guesswork, and were undoubtedly • en
titled to be restored to good standing.
In a notice given to the press by tho
Oakland officials yesterday owners and
trainers are cautioned against plvlnp
employment In any capacity to" ruled off,
suspended or warned off riders. Any
tralnf-r or owner transgressing the rule
will be warned off the course.
After the improved showing made by
Montanus Mounco, who rode the horse In
his previous nice, was questioned by the
judges. He apparently recited a plausible
story, for no action was taken. Mounce'
has taken many a trip into the judge's
stand, and "Dave" Fountain should be
more careful in selecting his mounts.
Sooner or later this carelessness will re
sult In the boy getting in trouble.
It was pejierally supposed that Storm
KinK broke down hopelessly In his race.
Owner 1-andsberg said last night a hard
rap In the shoulder put the black horse
out of business. It didn't look that way,
but he ought to know
Following- are to-day's entries:
First Race— Six .furlongs;, three-year-olds and
up; selling:
121M Onyx 107! 1301 Canejo 96
fC4 Bessie L#e 107 1301 Osmond 104
1276 Brown I»irince..l0l! 1318 Bogus BUI 105
1294 Gold Kinder 93; 1307 Morella 99
131S The Singer 105 1 1312 Emile Zola 101
1303 Antolnetta 105 j (1306) Daniel %
On her good second to Argot some days
ago, the maiden two-year-old sprint
looked a bird In the hand "for El Sonoro,
especially as Bullman had the mount.
She was plunged on at 6 to 5 and finished
second to the 10 to 1 chance Modder.
piloted by Johnny Woods. The winner
was from the stable of Walter Jennings
and managed to beat his field away from
the gate, an advantage that came in use
ful at the close.
On Friday last, Mounce had the leg up
on Montanus. but could do little or noth
ln<* with the bay horse. Yesterday Bull
man replaced the lighter boy, and UUly
Kandnlls entry was installed favorite ii
the betting. It proved a wise selection,
for he was in front all the way, downing
Ktckumbob and Free Pass In hollow fash-
Ion at the stand.
Kandall also gave the mount on Gaunt
let, one of the nine starters for the m i e
and a "uarter trip, to Bullman ami this
too worked wonders. Trailing Torslda
from napfall to the stretch. Bullman be
gan riding the Cavalier horse in earnest,
and nipping the well meant rush of
Woods, astride the favorite Opponent,
won bv three lengths in 2:06 flat. Torslda
found 'the distance a trifle far. though
finishing a close third. Four to one was
obtainable about the winner in the ring.
Selde. tne Burns & Waterhouse two
year-old, next gave the laugh to a bunch
bl fast ones over six furlongs. me;
"babV was held so lightly that there
was io to 1 in profusion at the close, and
he made an end to end affair of it. Read
out Hungarian and Almoner In 1:14. How
son managed to get a poor start with
February, the 8 to 6 choice, never belng
a factorin the race.
The flying True Blue- ran big circles
around a select assortment of platers in
the final mile run. Some 5 to 1 could be
had about him, and he had the race won
before a quarter had been traversed.
Reaching the wire under gentle restraint
In 1:40, Expedient took the place, a nose
before Headwater.
Rose of Hilo, a filly by Apache, began
the fusillading by beating out Spike In a
drive for the opening seven furlong run,
decided under selling conditions. Spike
had a host of friends, but grew weary, and
tn"e 12 to 1 shot scored. Faversham ruled
favorite, but refused to run from the
start. . . • ' -
IT would be shameful to tell what
a $5 piece parleyed on the eix win
ning horses at Oakland yesterday
would have returned the investor.
Then again it might cause some
competent policeman to resign from tho
force or a hard working machinist to for
sake his lathe, and is better loft unsaid.
Sufficient to relate five abundantly backed
choices failed to make close connections
at the wire, and long shots In the bet
ting* ruled the roost. Some of them were
played and some were not. Kose of Ililo,
Modder, Gauntlet, Seide and True Blue
were the surprises. Montanus had tho
honor of being the lone favorite to catch
the eye of the judges first.
Time— H. :13; H. :37; %. 102U: %. 1:28H- Good start. Won first three driving; ''Winner. J.
J. Sherry's ch! m. by Apache^Jennle K. Mottnce outfinlshed Stuart. Both ; leaders would
work well together In a bread wagon. Twinkle Twlnk would have ™? »V L17 ne orooo^
Klnsella will probably improve. Favers-ham apparently a sulker and bad betting propo
sltion. Scratched— Kootenal 102. >/^ v^^^^ / Ju~~~~«^~~ -~"
l«24. FIRST RACE-Sevcn furlongs; selling; three- year-olds and up; purse, $350.
SAD MOMENTS FOR FOLLOWERS
OF FIRST CHOICES AT OAKLAND
OAKLAND RACETRACK, TUESDAY. oven^^^~^^^[^^Z^Z^^-^^'
By F. E. I^TJLIIOIjIL.A.N'D.
THE GALL'S RACING CHART.
i turned loose with a hard left on the stomach,
I Itroad countering with right on the shoulder.
j Uroad led twice with left and McGovern blocked
j both blows. McOovern rushed and Uroad was
| as willing to meet him as lie was to come,
! and met him with hot exchanges. McOovern
j put two hard lefts to the nose, following it
: with three more In the rani» place without a
I return. Uroad was backing away at the close
I of the round and wa? growing weaker.
j Uourd a— McGovern sent right to body, Broad
: coming back with left to neck. McOovern
I Jarred Uroad with left on h«-ad. Broad was
j looking around the ring very tired. McGovern
following him and lan«llng right and left with
I great regularity. Broad inaile a hard stand in
¦ Mi Govern f> corner and landed right on the jaw,
; swung his left to the same place and then sent
: hl*= right to the Jaw again. McGovern was
: v. ild at the«e three Mows and rushed sav
• aRi ¦!>• at Broad, landing right on the jaw. senU
• Ing hint backward, then sent left to the neck
j snJ then upporcut him tilth right below the
j heart. Broad backed away continuot:sly going
I around and around. McGovern following close-
I ly. Uroad put light left to the face as bell
I rang.
Rouni 6— McGovern came out this time to
finish his man if possible, and If the round had
lasted thirty sfvonae more he would have done
so. He landed a right on the Jaw, following
It with left to the nose, which brought the
Mood |n a stream, and sent a right to Broad's
pye, which again brought the hlood. He fol
lowed JJroad around the ring, landing right and
singgering: his man. A right to the mouth
split Kroad'g Iirs and swelled them tremend
ously. I'nable to stand the blows McOovern
sent 'In. he sank to his knees ru<1 remained
down tor the count, spitting blood in a stream.
McGovern wan at him the miuute he anise and
tried hard for a knockout. Broad held on
with all his strength in the attempt to stay
the limit, but without power to fight back. He
was clrariy gone, had no Ptrength left mvl
pnsented a. horrible sight as he staggered back
ward with MftJovern following clooe up. Broad
was hardly able to see because of the blood
that roured in his eyes, and found- It hard
to breathe because of the blood that filled his
mouth and nose. He was one red smear from
his forehead to his waist and McGovern was
littie better, all the blood, however, coming
from Bread. The bell rang with Broad han?-
Ine; on for dear life and in a half conscious
condition. The men were in the center of the
ring when the end came, and ss McGovern
turner! to go to his corner Kroad put both hands
:'n his shoulders and placing his bloody face
clo«e 'to Mi-Govern's, gave him a hearty kiss.
Referee Siler awarded the decision to McGov
ern
After the fight James J. Corbett entered
the ring and read the following challenge:
"First— I will box James J. Jeffries six
rounds before the Tattersall's Athletic
Club and will agree to give him 75 per
cent of the purse, win or lose.
"Second— If Mr. Jeffries does not think
that six rounds is a fair test, I will box
him twenty or twenty-five rounds, or to
•i finish, before any club in the country
offering; the best inducements, winner to
take all."
The challenge was received with loud
cheers and calls for a speech. Corbett
said in reply to the call:
•*1 will box Mr. Jeffries here any time
he likes, and erlve him 75 per cent, win or
lose. That's all I can Bay."
After a Vkaotis amcl QrHelang Bouit,
Lastirig Six Rounds,' 1 Mc=
Govern is Winner,
Round 4— ISnfh came out from their corners
rlow-fr than In the preceding rounds. Broa.l
htd evidently tMken courage during his minute's
r*ft snii led frequently with right ard left,
McGovern blocking c-vpry blow. McGovern
Round 3— A? they came out of their corner*
Broad ftarte.1 right at MK;<i\-crn. staggering
him with a right on tlie Jaw. Mofiovern came
buck with a right <in the heart and a hot mix
up followed. MoOnveni blocked i»everaJ lead?
made by Hroad, and then rus^o^l him into a
corner, bombarding him «>n the stomach with
right and left. HrnK'l was staggered with a
left on the Jaw and MoOovern. following him
clorely. landed a hard right on the stomach,
•weakening Urond badly. He took a strong
brace and tnught bark viciously, clinching,
however, whenever he had a chance.
Round 2-M^io\ern landed har.l right on the
fac*. Hr-sad countered with right ing on the
Jfiw. ending MeGovern to the floor. Hrnad
pert in a h-t Kft on the kidneys and Mi<5overn
ri^hed him to the rnp<>s. wh«?re hot infighting
followed. Uroad having pomewhat the better
of it.
•Round 1— MrOfivrrn led right an>1 misled,
follov/cl with left and misF^J. tli^n larded
left 5f •¦¦'• ¦t**J6BTta* Rriad. Hroad miesed
several left*. i;road Mac-eerpd T>rry with a
hard light on Vir^aFt. M<<;ov*>m landed a left
on fac. an'l several hot exchange* <v>!lov.-ed.
Broad holding his own. Mr<;overa landed hard
right on Jaw. sending Broad down for nine
second?. Immediately aftT Broad rose he
mixed it and larding a ravage Jeft on the
¦•« sent JIcGovern to the floor. Broad fol
lowed uj> his advantage, but MoOovern wan
too quick fnr him. nnd soon had him Ftappering
aroun<i the ring again.
The men entered the risg at 10:45. BroaJ
coming first, followed closely by Mc<Jov
ern. Broad was seconded by Tommy
Ryan. Harry Forbes and Casper Leon.
Bat Masterson was hi.s timekeeper. In
McGovern b cornir were Sam Harris.
Sam Holan and Jack Hoot, Joe Hum
phreys* holding the watch for him. The
light was undVr articles calling for 12>i
pounds at T» o'clock. McCJovorn's weight,
was announced as 122 1-3 and Broad's as
1£5 pounds.
Broad fought a wonderful fight, mix
ing it freeiy with Mr<Jovern a. all siafies
and scoring two clean knockdowns. A
third time he landed a loft on Modov
ern. sending him 'lfarly down. Broal
kept his feet throughout the fight ex
cept in the first round, when he was
knocked down, and in the sixth, when be
went down of his own accord to rest. H ;
could not have fought another round,
however, and was completely smothered
by the storm of blow? which the cham
pion rained upon him.
CHICAGO. Nov. 13.— Kid Broad of
Cleveland stayed six roui.ds with Terry
MrGovern at TattcrpnUs to-night, and al
though McGovorn had the fight well in
hand at all stages, ne never had an op
ponent who came back a.t him more stout
ly and who irave him as much In the same
time as did the little stocky fellow who
faced him this evening.
BATTERS AND WHIPS
FIST-FIGHTER BROAD
PUGILISTS, RACEHORSES AND HOUNBS IN CONTEST
After considering carefully the specifications
of defendants as to ' the failure of the record
to disclose, a . crime under the ordinance -and
after reading attentively the evidence Itself. I
am not prepared to say that the court below
was not Justified In finding that the defendants
made a bet In the city and county of - Ran
Francisco or that "there Is no evidence of bet
tin* in a system of registering bets or -wagers."
I am of the opinion that the trial court found
in the evidence- support for Its conclusion suffi
cient successfully to withstand an, attack on
appeal.
•' Judgment was rendered yesterday after
noon. The opinion was ¦written by Judge
Burnett, but he was not present, and it
was read by Judge Cook. Substantially
it is as follows:
The poolsellers have not succeeded in
their attempt to evade the law by carry-
Ing on a so-called commission .business,
which consists of accepting bets here and
transmitting them by- telegram to Oster
hout Uros., .in San Jose, to be "placed.
With the object of ; > making, a test case
Harry Corbett, Walter Mclnerney, his
clerk, and William Daley, telegraph op
erator in his poolrooms, were arrested for
violating- the ordinance. The case was
heard before Judge Mogan and the de
fendants were convicted. They appealed
'to the Superior Court, and Judges Cook
and Dunne and Judge Burnett of Sonoma
County sat In tank' and heard; the argu
ments Of Attorney Coffey for the prosecu
tion and Attorney Collins for the defend
ants. • } ' '¦
In considering the question whether all the
evidence shows that the bet, it any, was made
In San Jose, a significant circumstance to re
member Is that no one testified that any tele
gram was actually sent to San Jose. The cir
cumstantial evidence would at least support
the conclusion that no communication was had
with Kan Jose at all; if so. the bet was actual
ly made in San Francisco.
Lieutenant Martin gives an Interesting ac
count of what occurred at Corbett' s. It ts not
necessary to detail the breezy narrative. It
creates the Impression that It was a prear
ranged affair to invite the police force of the
city to an exhibition of a beautiful and effec
tive nullification of ordinance No. 86.
In the absence of any direct evidence to the
contrary the Judgment ought not to be dis
turbed even though It rest upon the conclusion
that no telegram was sent to San Jose, but
that the transaction was Initiated and con
summated In San Francisco.
Assuming the bet was actually telegraphed
to San Jose to the principals, there was no di
rect communication between them and Daley,
but the offer to bet was made by Daley and
was accepted by Corbett, and the bet was con
summated in San Francisco. The bet was not
accepted in San Jose -in- any event, but was
made In San Francisco with Corbett, either
for himself or as the agent of the principals in
Ban Jose. It matters not whether Corbett may
have communicated with his principals before
accepting the bet. If he was the - atrent his
act was the act of his principals. The ulti
mate fact is that he accepted it in Ban Fran
cisco and Is equally guilty, whether principal or
agent, under section 31 of the Penal Code.
. I . think '¦ there , vu sufficient proof that the
defendants made a bet in San , Francisco in a.
system . of : re&l8terlnn bets ¦ or i wagers^to, .up
hold a conviction under the complaint.. •
I Judge Dunne concurred and Judge Cook
concurred in the "Judgment and order."
District Attorney Bylngton said ho was
ready to proceed with the argument on
the other three appeal cases to decide
what constitutes' a .pool and iolher points
but Attorney Collins objected unless the"
statements on appeal In all the othe?
cases were. filed, as- he wanted to makl
one argument suffice for all /cases. He
had previously expressed >hlg earnest de
sire to argue the .three/ appeals-cases in
which all technicalltieswerl^wav^d With
out reference to /the- ¦ others ' and- hi*
change of front surprised Th* ? District 'At
torney. who after consulting with -It tor
ney Coffey said the other statements on
appeal would he ready in tfmeiTX ar
guments were set for Saturday. It was
?h« lly a^ eed that the arguments on an
the appeal cases would be heard in bank
Monday morning In Judge Cook', court?
- Attorney Collins asked fqr a stay of ex
ecution for ten days, as he desired to pre
sent a petition for rehearing v on \ha pdint
referred to by. Judge Cook. He said he
had numerous authorities to prove that
there was sufficient evidence Jn the record
to show that the telegram had been sent
Judge Cook - remarked that anything in
i. it regard would not alter the facts, and
ho did not see the necessity of a reheir
ing. but after consulting ; with . Judge
Dunne a stay, of ten days was granted to
enable Collins to file the petition for re-
Judge Cook remarked that. there was ab
solutely no proof that the telegram had
been sent or received at San Jose ana if
there had been It might have changed his
opinion. Ho concurred, in the judgment of
Judge Burnett, but not altogether injiia
opinion. •
SCHEME OF POOLSELLERS
PROVES WITHOUT AVAIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1900.
Time— TO W. :21M: to % M5H". l«»t H- l:02K: short %. 1:11H... Good . start. Won first three
driving. Winner W B.- J«nnlngrs & Co.'ib. g. by Jmp. Candlemas-Mrtderocio. Modder *ot
a run at the gate Sonoro should have beaten him. Litmus quit the last part. Dewey
poorly ridden. Roundhead away poorly. He will do better.. Scratched— Shotaway 105.
•Left". £
4
i Tp£ ~ " H ! ~~ r. -JBetUngr.— «
Index Horso and Weight. Pst St. \j. %. Str. Fin. ' Jockeys. Op. HI. a. PL
1300 Modder 105 ~~Z 3 12 \Vt \Vt 11 J. Woods... ¦ « 10 ,'\\- ?
1289 El Sonoro 110 9 5 2H 2% 2 V4 2H Builman ... 6-5 6-o 4-5 Z-o
13P0 Billy Lyons 110 3 2 *h 3h 3 133 Coburn 8 20 20 8
1300 Utmus 110 10 4 8h 42 4845 Hansch 3 ;-•¦*•¦ 5 8->>
1249 George Dewey.... 110 11 6 9 6 9 V4 6 1 6H Mounce ... 5 10 10 ..-4
12K9 MlBsel ......10S 38 52 61 Gh 6H J. Martin... . 10 20 20 8
13fK> Catherine Bravo.. 105 61 8% 6h 71 7J4 Boz^man \. lo 50 50 20
1291 PJcklow 110 77 72 7U88 86 Stuart ....N 4 10 10 4
1300 Roundhead 110 4 10 62 8h 94 96 Domlnlck .. 6 - lo 15 5
.... Plratu ..US 8 9 10 10 , 10 10 Fogg 60 100 100 40
12S9 Instante 105 1 * ... ... J., Daly SO 100 100 40
Po. ¦ - i '¦ — Betting ,
Index Hors*. Ago, AVplght. Fpt St. U. %¦ Etr. Fin. Jcx?keyg. Op. .III. Cl. PI.
1311 MontamiR. 4 112 11 14 lh 114 18 Bullman ... 8-5 • 2 8-5 7-10
(1301) Klckurr.bnb, 3 ...104 10 3. 3 4 3h 21 25 Coburn ....'. 3,4 * 7-5
1294 Free Pass, 3 97 6 6 5*4 42 41 32 J." Walsh.... ; 8 ¦¦ 9 8 4
12i¥t Proclamation. 3..TU 75 2h 22 34 41 Fauntleroy . .8,9 9 4
1199 KlnKmawtor. 6....1"9 42 81 Ch 62 53 Mounce .... 8' 10 10 5
1135 IRalnlpr. 3 102! 2 4 4h 64 8 1 61 Tultett •'..... 12 n. 30 30 12
1296 lYulo. r. 1031 8 11 10 3 02 71 71 C. Russell.. ,10^.25 25 10
1293 Iyetl(T«>r. 3 971 11 9 7 h 7 2 8 4 8 4 Ransch ..... 5 7 7 6-2
.... Dlmond, 4 1021 38 11 10 2 93 95 Foary 100 130 150 75
.... Magnelon<\ 5 ...'.104 5 7 62 8 h 10 1 10 2 Davis .„,.... 100 150 150 75
1222 r.len Anne. G 103! 9 10 9 4 11 11 11 JBozeman ... 10 15 15 6
Index Horse. Arp, WcUht. Put fit.
H-
*»T. Str. Fin."
j Jockeys. I
/ UCttl
Op. HI.
inie —
Cl.
PI.
130* Sei«!<\ 2 .......... S3 2 2
130." Hungarian. *4 ....lift 9 3
1275 Almoner. 5 lf'7 fi 1
1311 Matt Hogan. 3... 104 8 6
1310 Merry Boy. 6 1»>7 10 8
1307 Mike nice, a 113 3 4
1312 February. G 110 1 9
13ns KlngHtPlle. 2 .... 90 7 5
1185 Antta.lt. 3 104 4 3
1298 Storm Kin*. 6. ...110 5 7
1 1
61
2 h '
3 h
'8 5
7 X
9
4 1
5 hj
• i -
In 11 12
5 1 4 12 1
' 4 h 3 h 3 ns
.21 2 H 4 H
6.1 <\ 1 5 n
7 2 7 16 1
8 5 8 13 7 3
3 1 5 1 8 30
9 9 9
Uansch
Coburn
Muunce ....
Tullrtt
J. Woods...
Russell
Howson" ....
J. JJartln...
Vlckery ..:.
Domlnlck ..
5 10
3 3
12 20
15 20
4 6
10 SO
2 11-5
6 20
50 300
6. 12
10
5-2
20
20
' «
SO
8-5 '
20
300
12
•i
3
f
I
if
4-3
¦¦ S
. 101
-. 5
" " ' - Po. '¦'>'.*¦ s'i 1 '-- ~ 1 ' , — -r— Benin* ' — x
Ind^x JloTfc. Abp. "Weight. P«t St.' tf; '¦•; #. fitr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. III. Cl. .PI.
12S5 Ttur nitif. 6 102 53 16 13 131*2 J. Woods... 4 5 3 6-5
1313 Expedient. 3 88 8 1 3 1 3 1 3 1 2 us J. Daly -. 8 30 v 30 10
1317 Hpadwatfr. 4 ....109 76 43 SI 22 32 KUey 4 6 6 5-3
1317 Flush of f'.olfl, 3.. 100 2 5 2h42 52 43, Mounce .... 5-2 3 6-2 4-5
1316 Jennie Keltl, 4. ..102 3 7 61 6V4 4155 Coburn ..... 6 15 15 5
1315 Morlnol. 5 107 18 8 8 6 h 6 «4 Bullman ... 2 6-2 5-2 4-5
1317 Im. MlHtral II. 6.105 42 74 73 7h 7H Dotnlnlck .. 8 30 30 10
129S Snips. 5 101 6 4 6 H 6 % 8 8 Howgon 8 30 30 . 10
Index Hor*<\ Ak<s Weight.
1302 Gauntlet, 4 107
1310 Opponent, 5 104
fl81»>- TorMrta, 5 107
(1311) Kssence. 3 98
1321 Rio Chico, 4 102
1302 Parn II. 6 ..101
1310 El Mldo. 4... 107
1313' Campus, 4 ...110
11S3 Texarkana. 5 109
Po. , Betting ,
Pst St. 8td. %. 6tr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
9 6 ' 4 4*i.2'4 11 13 Bullman ... 3 5 4 6-5
7 4 -3 h'it. 4 1V& 2 tt ' 2 n J. Woods.... B-2 3 9-5 4-5
2 1 1-1^-1-1 3 3 3 % Coburn 5 8 8 8
12 5HB2 4n 43 Uansch 2 3 3 7-10
38 21 '32 55 52 Mounce .... 20 40 it 15
4 3 8 2 :.6 2 6 3 6 4 Vlckery .... 20 60 30 10
5 7 7»4':9. 74.75 Itussell 6 9 9 3
6 5 6 1 'T-'K 8 1 8 1 Fallehy .... 15 30 30 10
8 9 9 8' V» 9 9 Rotnero .... 100 800 300 75
Ind« Home. Age.- Weight. [Pat St.
Vt.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
, . Betting -y
Op. HI- Cl. PI.
U
- i i
;!25 I lose of H11 °. 3..10D .22
12GS 8plke. 3 .....104 5 7
1310 Colonel Root. 5.. 109 '9 8
1206 Twlnklo Tv'k, 6 .102 3 9
ltj* Lomo. 6 103 4 5
1197 Mary Kinsolla, 5.109 6 3
1310 Chas. le Bel, 5 10fl 10 11
1272 Druidess, 3 105 1 1
1276 Swtrtwater. 3 ....104 It 10
1318 Faversham. 4 103 7 4
10SS Dpvereux. 3 .. 107| 8 6
5 1 8 2
•21 23
10 3 9 1
8 3 6 H
6 h 7 1
11 11
3 1 . 4 h
J'i 3 h
7 2 10 1
1 h- 1 h
2 4 in
in 26
3 h 3 n
7 V, 4 4
8 1 5 2
9 1 «5
10 1 7-«4
6 4 8 h
4H 92
11 10 2
5 Vt 11
Mounco .... 12
StuaTt .....; , 7-2 -
Henri<"«sy,... .6
Domlnlck. .. 8 .
Tullctt ...... 15
ICllpy-' 7-2
Cannell . 30
Woodman .. , 20
J.; •"Woods..: 6
Coburn ..... 6-2
Frawley ..; 12 _
12
¦ ; 6 ¦-¦
¦:¦ 7
13
' '20
. 10
50-
60
'.,. 8'.. '
3
60.
8
9-2
•7
'12"
¦ 20
10
, -.00
.60
''¦ 8
5-2
40
3
• 2
5-2
4
8
4
15
20
3
6-3
12
i Tp£ ~ " H ! ~~ r. -JBetUngr.— «
Index Horso and Weight. Pst St. \j. %. Str. Fin. ' Jockeys. Op. HI. a. PL
1300 Modder 105 ~~Z 3 12 \Vt \Vt 11 J. Woods... ¦ « 10 ,'\\- ?
1289 El Sonoro 110 9 5 2H 2% 2 V4 2H Builman ... 6-5 6-o 4-5 Z-o
13P0 Billy Lyons 110 3 2 *h 3h 3 133 Coburn 8 20 20 8
1300 Utmus 110 10 4 8h 42 4845 Hansch 3 ;-•¦*•¦ 5 8->>
1249 George Dewey.... 110 11 6 9 6 9 V4 6 1 6H Mounce ... 5 10 10 ..-4
12K9 MlBsel ......10S 38 52 61 Gh 6H J. Martin... . 10 20 20 8
13fK> Catherine Bravo.. 105 61 8% 6h 71 7J4 Boz^man \. lo 50 50 20
1291 PJcklow 110 77 72 7U88 86 Stuart ....N 4 10 10 4
1300 Roundhead 110 4 10 62 8h 94 96 Domlnlck .. 6 - lo 15 5
.... Plratu ..US 8 9 10 10 , 10 10 Fogg 60 100 100 40
12S9 Instante 105 1 * ... ... J., Daly SO 100 100 40
Po. ¦ - i '¦ — Betting ,
Index Hors*. Ago, AVplght. Fpt St. U. %¦ Etr. Fin. Jcx?keyg. Op. .III. Cl. PI.
1311 MontamiR. 4 112 11 14 lh 114 18 Bullman ... 8-5 • 2 8-5 7-10
(1301) Klckurr.bnb, 3 ...104 10 3. 3 4 3h 21 25 Coburn ....'. 3,4 * 7-5
1294 Free Pass, 3 97 6 6 5*4 42 41 32 J." Walsh.... ; 8 ¦¦ 9 8 4
12i¥t Proclamation. 3..TU 75 2h 22 34 41 Fauntleroy . .8,9 9 4
1199 KlnKmawtor. 6....1"9 42 81 Ch 62 53 Mounce .... 8' 10 10 5
1135 IRalnlpr. 3 102! 2 4 4h 64 8 1 61 Tultett •'..... 12 n. 30 30 12
1296 lYulo. r. 1031 8 11 10 3 02 71 71 C. Russell.. ,10^.25 25 10
1293 Iyetl(T«>r. 3 971 11 9 7 h 7 2 8 4 8 4 Ransch ..... 5 7 7 6-2
.... Dlmond, 4 1021 38 11 10 2 93 95 Foary 100 130 150 75
.... Magnelon<\ 5 ...'.104 5 7 62 8 h 10 1 10 2 Davis .„,.... 100 150 150 75
1222 r.len Anne. G 103! 9 10 9 4 11 11 11 JBozeman ... 10 15 15 6
Index Horse. Arp, WcUht. Put fit.
H-
*»T. Str. Fin."
j Jockeys. I
/ UCttl
Op. HI.
inie —
Cl.
PI.
130* Sei«!<\ 2 .......... S3 2 2
130." Hungarian. *4 ....lift 9 3
1275 Almoner. 5 lf'7 fi 1
1311 Matt Hogan. 3... 104 8 6
1310 Merry Boy. 6 1»>7 10 8
1307 Mike nice, a 113 3 4
1312 February. G 110 1 9
13ns KlngHtPlle. 2 .... 90 7 5
1185 Antta.lt. 3 104 4 3
1298 Storm Kin*. 6. ...110 5 7
1 1
61
2 h '
3 h
'8 5
7 X
9
4 1
5 hj
• i -
In 11 12
5 1 4 12 1
' 4 h 3 h 3 ns
.21 2 H 4 H
6.1 <\ 1 5 n
7 2 7 16 1
8 5 8 13 7 3
3 1 5 1 8 30
9 9 9
Uansch
Coburn
Muunce ....
Tullrtt
J. Woods...
Russell
Howson" ....
J. JJartln...
Vlckery ..:.
Domlnlck ..
5 10
3 3
12 20
15 20
4 6
10 SO
2 11-5
6 20
50 300
6. 12
10
5-2
20
20
' «
SO
8-5 '
20
300
12
•i
3
f
I
if
4-3
¦¦ S
. 101
-. 5
" " ' - Po. '¦'>'.*¦ s'i 1 '-- ~ 1 ' , — -r— Benin* ' — x
Ind^x JloTfc. Abp. "Weight. P«t St.' tf; '¦•; #. fitr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. III. Cl. .PI.
12S5 Ttur nitif. 6 102 53 16 13 131*2 J. Woods... 4 5 3 6-5
1313 Expedient. 3 88 8 1 3 1 3 1 3 1 2 us J. Daly -. 8 30 v 30 10
1317 Hpadwatfr. 4 ....109 76 43 SI 22 32 KUey 4 6 6 5-3
1317 Flush of f'.olfl, 3.. 100 2 5 2h42 52 43, Mounce .... 5-2 3 6-2 4-5
1316 Jennie Keltl, 4. ..102 3 7 61 6V4 4155 Coburn ..... 6 15 15 5
1315 Morlnol. 5 107 18 8 8 6 h 6 «4 Bullman ... 2 6-2 5-2 4-5
1317 Im. MlHtral II. 6.105 42 74 73 7h 7H Dotnlnlck .. 8 30 30 10
129S Snips. 5 101 6 4 6 H 6 % 8 8 Howgon 8 30 30 . 10
Index Hor*<\ Ak<s Weight.
1302 Gauntlet, 4 107
1310 Opponent, 5 104
fl81»>- TorMrta, 5 107
(1311) Kssence. 3 98
1321 Rio Chico, 4 102
1302 Parn II. 6 ..101
1310 El Mldo. 4... 107
1313' Campus, 4 ...110
11S3 Texarkana. 5 109
Po. , Betting ,
Pst St. 8td. %. 6tr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
9 6 ' 4 4*i.2'4 11 13 Bullman ... 3 5 4 6-5
7 4 -3 h'it. 4 1V& 2 tt ' 2 n J. Woods.... B-2 3 9-5 4-5
2 1 1-1^-1-1 3 3 3 % Coburn 5 8 8 8
12 5HB2 4n 43 Uansch 2 3 3 7-10
38 21 '32 55 52 Mounce .... 20 40 it 15
4 3 8 2 :.6 2 6 3 6 4 Vlckery .... 20 60 30 10
5 7 7»4':9. 74.75 Itussell 6 9 9 3
6 5 6 1 'T-'K 8 1 8 1 Fallehy .... 15 30 30 10
8 9 9 8' V» 9 9 Rotnero .... 100 800 300 75
Ind« Home. Age.- Weight. [Pat St.
Vt.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
, . Betting -y
Op. HI- Cl. PI.
U
- i i
;!25 I lose of H11 °. 3..10D .22
12GS 8plke. 3 .....104 5 7
1310 Colonel Root. 5.. 109 '9 8
1206 Twlnklo Tv'k, 6 .102 3 9
ltj* Lomo. 6 103 4 5
1197 Mary Kinsolla, 5.109 6 3
1310 Chas. le Bel, 5 10fl 10 11
1272 Druidess, 3 105 1 1
1276 Swtrtwater. 3 ....104 It 10
1318 Faversham. 4 103 7 4
10SS Dpvereux. 3 .. 107| 8 6
5 1 8 2
•21 23
10 3 9 1
8 3 6 H
6 h 7 1
11 11
3 1 . 4 h
J'i 3 h
7 2 10 1
1 h- 1 h
2 4 in
in 26
3 h 3 n
7 V, 4 4
8 1 5 2
9 1 «5
10 1 7-«4
6 4 8 h
4H 92
11 10 2
5 Vt 11
Mounco .... 12
StuaTt .....; , 7-2 -
Henri<"«sy,... .6
Domlnlck. .. 8 .
Tullctt ...... 15
ICllpy-' 7-2
Cannell . 30
Woodman .. , 20
J.; •"Woods..: 6
Coburn ..... 6-2
Frawley ..; 12 _
12
¦ ; 6 ¦-¦
¦:¦ 7
13
' '20
. 10
50-
60
'.,. 8'.. '
3
60.
8
9-2
•7
'12"
¦ 20
10
, -.00
.60
''¦ 8
5-2
40
3
• 2
5-2
4
8
4
15
20
3
6-3
12
"Mlra Valle." P. Klein, Sauterne type, claret
Grand Via. Depot C13 Geary street. •
BUCKINGHAM & HECHT
..At $$ the pair. No rubber and oiled silk linings,
so unhealthful to the feet. Sold only at
men t O. ** H^» <A.V^ K—^ V. J Ki.ir San Francisco.Mrs. J. Ellen Foster of the National Red
Cross Association of Washington, D. C,
will be the guest this afternoon of th»
Sorosis Club. 1C20 California street An
Interesting programme, including an ad
dress, has been arranged.
Sorosis Club Entertains.
Dr. Clampett Will Lecture To-Night.
Dr. Frederick M. Clampett, rector of
Trinity Church, will deliver a lecture in
the parlors of the Occidental Hotel this
evening' under the auspices of the San
Francisco Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals. Dr. Dorothea M
Moore of the South Park Home Settle
ment will also address the socletv on
"The Duty We Owe Our Household Pets."
The admission Is free and the general
public is Invited to attend.
dltions.- No overtures have been made on
either side for any concessions and tr^
struggle may proceed for some time yet
Thams Hubbard Caswell came to Cali
fornia when conditions were vastly differ
ent from what thoy are to-dny. He came
here equipped with a good knowledge of
the law gained in St. Mary's College.
Bardstown, Kentucky, from which he had
graduated with high honors. In Califor
nia however, he found under the lawless
conditions then existent but little occupa-
The dead man was a pioneer in this
State, having come here in 1S49 from Ex
eter. Otsego County. New York. He was
initiated apprentice Mason on December
10, 1S50, in the Lafayette Lodge, Nevada
City. In October, 1S85, he was elected
grand commander of the Mother Supreme
Council of the world, this making him
the highest Mason in the world and holder
of one of the three golden keys which
open the Ark of the Covenant. He held
the key for the Southern Judiciary, and
now that death has come the Ark must
be sealed until his successor is elected,
which will not be until the consistory of
the Thirty-third Degree Masons meet,
which will be subject to the call of Deputy
Commander Rlehardson. The head
quarters are at Washington, D. C, and
it is there that the Supreme Consistory
will probably meet. He leaves a wife and
four children. The eldest son. Marlon. Is
connected with the Southern Pacific Rajl
road.
f ¦ ¦ HOMAS HUBBARD CASWELL.
| the head of the Masonic
I order of the world, died yester
1 day morning at the ripe age of
76, of an Internal complaint, at
his home, 2642 Howard street, after an ill
ness of ten months, in which the flame of
life brightened at times, only to di«» out
at last despite all the hopes his medical
attendants had of pulling him through.
He was created a Companion of the Red
Cross and Knights Templar on April 11,
1885, In the Sacramento Commandery No.
2. He received the degrees of the Ancient
and Accepted Scottish Rite of Free
masonry from the fourth to the thirty
second in October. 1S67. by communication
from Kbenezer H. Shaw, thirty-third de
gree active inspector general of the State
of California. He was elected an active
member of the Supreme Council. Septem
ber, 1868. and was crowned at Baltimore in
May. 1R70. He was elected ¦ grand mare
schal of ceremonies in 1S78 to 18S4, in
clusive; grand minister of state, 1SS4 to
1W5T, Inclusive; grand chancellor. 1SSS, 1889,
1850. 1S92; grand prior. 1S93; lieutenant
grand commander. 1S!M. and grand com
mander of the Mother Supreme Council
of the World in October. 1895.
He was elected an honorary member of
the Masonic Veteran Association of the
Pacific Coast. June 24. 1S79, for his em
inent services rendered to Freemasonry.
The funeral will be the most splendid
ever held for a Mason, and delegates from
all over the State ore expected to be pres
ent. Frank W. Pierce, his life-long friend
and la member of the Supreme Council,
came down from Blue Lakes on receipt oi
the sad news and will consult with the
other members of the consistory in tha
arrangements for the final service.
tion for a pleader, and consequently fol
lowed the example of almost every one in
the State, and took up claims in the heart
of the Sierra Nevada Mountains above
Nevada City.
Mr. Caswell's Masonic career is one of
singular Interest. In 1855, five years alter
he entered the order, he is found exalted
to the sublime degree of Royal Arch Ma
son in Nevada Chapter, R. A. M. U. D.,
now No. 6 at Nevada City. Two years
later he was elected deputy grand high
priest, from which he became in 1866 grand
lecturer, an office which he held until
1S97.
cently adopted for the conduct of its af
fairs. Already several of them have been
abrogated and Borne omissions in the gen
eral list have been supplied. The latest
rfiscovery is that made by Miss M. L.
O'Neal, principal of the llaguna Honda
School, who in her report filed with Super
intendent Webster yesterday calls atten
tion to a conflict between the rule of the
board and the course of study relating 1 to
home work. Section 90 of the rule pro
vides that no home lessons shall be as-
Fijrned to the pupils of the first, second,
third and fourth grades. The course of
study provides that three-quarters of an
hour shall be devoted to home work. This
conflict will necessitate a revision of the
rules in that connection, and Chairman
Mark states that action will be taken im
mediately to reconcile the conflicting: pro
visions.
The board will meet this morning and
take steps to provide for semi-annual pro
motions in some of the grades. At present
promotions are only made seml-annually
from the advanced eighth grades to the
High School. While no decision has yet
been reached it has been practically de
rided to have eemi-annual promotions in
the sixth and seventh grades, and the
plan may be extended t» some of the other
grades.
BOAED OF EDUCATION HAS
TROUBLE WITH ITS EXJXES
Conflict in Provisions Relative to
Some Work — Semi-Annual Pro
motions Will Be Extended.
The Board of Education is experiencing
much trouble with its rules which it re-
THOMAS HUBBARD CASWELL, THAN WHOM NO MASON IN THE
WORLD WIELDED GREATER POWER. AND WHO ANSWERED
DEATH'S SUMMONS AFTER MANY MONTHS" ILLNESS. »
California ¦will have an exhibit of its re
sources at the Pan-American Exhibition
to take place at Buffalo next year, and
without State appropriation. This was
decided upon at a meeting oi the direc
tors of the State Board of Trade which
was held yesterday afternoon. Some time
ago a communication was received from
the men at the head of the Buffalo exhi
bition, offering to give this State a very
large proportional allowance of space in
the horticultural building, and also In
closing a diagram of the horticultural
building, from which it was made to ap
pear that California could have the posi
tion on both sides of the main entrance,
so that it would have the first and last
chance to greet the many tnousands of
visitors who will be in attendance. This
caused gTeat satisfaction. A fortnight
ago \V. H. Mills urged that the board
6hould take steps to secure an adequate
display.- and the proposition was favora
bly received.
At the meeting of the board yesterday
Mr. Mills again brought up the subject,
end said that there would be in attend
ance great throngs of people to whom
California's products ought to be made
known. He tUso had considerable advice
of a practical sort to give concerning the
preparation of goods for*exhlbitlon pur
poses and also for sale in foreign mar
kets. The criticism that he made of the
manner in which the American wares
were displayed at Paris was that they
were arranged as Americans would
like lo have them, but that they
were not put up according to the taste of
the Europeans. It was possible to rem
edy that defect at the Buffalo exhibition.
In his opinion it would pay those who in
tended to engage in snipping California
products to Europe to have some one in
vestigate and report what the Europeans
¦want and how to prepare it lor them.
Colonel John P. Irish also spoke con
cerning the Buffalo exhibition, indorsing
the proposition to have California repre
eented. The following was adopted:
¦tt'he— m. The California State Board of
Trade has been allotted space In the horti
cultural building of the Pan American Ex
position to b* held at Buffalo in the year 1901;
therefore. tx» it
Resolved, That this board will make a col
lective exhibit of the resources of the State of
California in the spare thus allotted.
Rea olved. further. That the coord will not
seek financial aid through legislative appro
priation.
Arthur R. Briggs of Fresno and B. N.
Rowley of San Francisco were appointed
delegates to the National Irrigation Con
gress to be held in Chicago on November
21 to 24. inclusive.
Offer of Large Space In the Horticul
tural Building: Is Formally
Accepted by the Di
rectorc
State Board of Trade Votes
to Exhibit Without
Public Funds.
ON TO BUFFALO
WITHOUT AID OF
APPROPRIATION
THOMAS H. CAS WELL,
HIGHEST MASON IN THE
WORLD, PASSES TO REST
Sueeumbs to Illness, of Many Months'
Duration, Leaving Vaeant the
Greatest Office in the Order.
":.v . •¦ -i
Several Jobbing houses have practically
boycotted the Selby Smelting 'and Lead
Company's lead products and a lead war
Is raging, to the general demoral
ization of prices. The jobbers op
posed to Selby are largely patronizing
Eastern manufacturers In preference to
the Selby Company, the purpose being to
force the company to do certain things.
The principal object is to prevent, the
Selby Company from dealing directly with
the plumbers and the retail trade In all
lead and some other goods that the com
pany produces. . This has precipitated a
war also in cartridge shells and ammuni
tion generally.
Other large Jobbing houses have chosen
to stand by the local manufacture re. the
laiger of these being Baker & Hamilton
8mT W. W. Montague & Co. There is a
gteat deal of ill-feeling that has been en
gt-iidered by the struggle, which is Just
reaching Its height. Judging by indica
tions. As an instance It is related that
the price of shot has been made so low
that certain parties found it profitable to
buy and melt the shot into pig lead when
it was quoted at $1 10.
The trouble originated when the Selby
Company sent out notice that It would
sell to the plumbers and the retail trade.
The notice was In the shape of a quantity
schedule, which provided for rebates onl,y
according to the quantity purchased. Prior
to this the Jobbers had a percentage of 17VJ
off with an agreement that *vo«!d allow
"Vi per cent rebate to the plumbers. The
latter reported that they were not get
ting this rebate and were ready to go
Hast for goods. Then came the quantity
schedule, which has made all the trouble.
Large quantities of Eastern goods have
been ¦ brought here to take the place of
the products of the Seiby Company. Tho
local lead makers have met' every price
that has been made, and are carrying on
their side of the flght with vigor. Shot
made by Selby. is reported by^ local deal
ers to be selling now In the open market
at $1 25, when the same quality of shot
i made in the East according to trade re
ports costs $1 30 when laid down in San
Francisco. Manufactured lead Is, there
fore, being sold at an actual loss.
Sheet lead and lead pipe are similarly
reduced in price owing to the lead war.
Plumbers are purchasing wherever they
can find the lowest rates and are gener
ally satisfied with the situation. ' Sport
men are laying in stocks of ammunition
while the war lasts. The shot tower and
lead works on First street and the car
tridge factory at Vallejo Junction, both
operated by the Selby Company, are turn
ing out large quantities of goods for the
local competitive trade under the war con-
Selby Company's Decision to
Deal With Retailers
Is the Cause.
WAR IN LEAD
PRICES RAGING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1900.
5
THE EMPORIUM. | ' THE EMPORIUM. | ¦ THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIU3T.
Special Sale of Fine New , *flnU|K FMIDADBIIAJ. Bcautiful Trimming SpcciaL §
C- t i n n wtriwc 1, C*nAxT **» n A SbS£ tW*^*%liBilllH Calendars Imitation fiir cr marabou trimming, 3/ inches *
Mtin Damask. tandyMand glpp" and *V|WH f 0I wide, in uack, sai, navy, borje green, «»- ;?
Tust a eamplc lot for furniture, about 100 yards nn c__j p, ¦'„ ~ Ooltienlfculc BaaraftB, n tor and drab, also a pure mohair loop trim- .J
• ,. - c c • r^ 1 • i J " on Second Floor CAUFORNIA-S LAROEST-AWERICA'S ORANDEST STORE. now ready. ming;afuU line of colon as above, together *
in all, ol ftne Satin Damask, 50 inches wide; 1 : with cardina] and whkc . 0^ special q J
blues, tans, terra cotta, red, etc., in lengths «— *-lA--' 1 . to-dav (Wednesday) onlv, per yard VC &
, from 1 to itf yards; worth from $3.00 to T V| /^ H/\1tH7I\7 A tfl»7l ft T/M*l ¦ ¦ '5
56oo per yard; on special sale -,, - A 1 IlC IlOlIUay /^lirUCUOIl* wmi- CI 5
Wednesday only— per yard }Z.3U " " » -t; MilllTlCry Sale. . •'
The largest, most biautiitil and fascinating Christmas Show that .J
. . * * • , , , ,., j » i- 1 •• ,, . . — STST^- Importea rattern Jf
~~~~ has ever besn produced by a mercantile establishment in this country. picture Hars, as in *
O «?n ti 1Q U^othmg but zvords of praise and delight by the thousands who saw it ffffm&Sj^^^x Bhwtration, and other '5
jnocs (Monday and Tuesday. ' *Bnng the children in the morning and avoid / f^^^K^K'V/ styles> !uitabIs . for the *
An assorted lot of about 75 the great a'ternoon crush. ~ " !< \Si_^_^_iW "uS "ricrS^^^ " rC " -'
\\1 ' . Palr . s ot la f fS> Button Shoes » "The most remarkable Mechanical Attraction for the Holidays that has ever been produced in "In Tddkion to '%
\ %-'\ '"Tftr" '"' C United States."— Chronicle. - • Sf? r picture hats we have !«
1 & \ and 3 "d • t0PS> "" rTOW "If the wUdest dreams of the children, and more, are not realized by the spectacle for this made a line of new
I C& \ " j WI C °i? t ?°*' S ° m . e Holiday time, the Management of the big Market-street establishment will not be to blame, for no '^J^Ta r 3^ hats of eood mate- "5
I *3L. \ made with Goodyear welt _ . . , „ ,7 • -i<;p>er (?~«^ . , ,, , j » m
IV t> \ sewed soles- not a Dair ort or ex P ense has been spared. — Call. "• rl ~ ~ rials, black and col- ,j
[»S-_ TST- \ worth less 'than S" 00 <<A wonderful miniature moving doll show, representing New York's famous Seaside Resort, ors, and to-day offer •'
niostof them $2.50; if Coney Island."— Examiner. them at these special price.: 'jf
\p%f**>~K we can fit you, ( ¦ J 58.oo Tnmmed Hats, black or colors ... .J
you will secure a « . '"'' '-S. '.'''',' i: ''',','', .•«>•»• •#•* jg
V^* ,«_§> splendid bargain Suit and Overcoat sale continues. Thousands 0! new and stylish ] $ lo -°° Tnmmed Hats, bbek or colors^ •••••• jt
at to-day- , garments, the balance ol the Winter Stocks o! several lamous Eastern «^Vri__rfH^^i«*^fa^^° 5
pnce «Ug Clothing Manufacturers, now on sale at 70c on the $1.00. $7.50 9
"" ' ' 1 ; : ¦ * : {
ISc White Flannel 10c Embroidered Turn-Over Collars 12c . Undennvslin Speciab. J
iju wiuic iianmci iuu > Ladies Drawers, of muslin and cam- .;
.... , .. ¦ , , i, 1 - * Ux^w The first lot that was ever - offered at special sale prices in this citv. hric some - --:_
A solid, heavy grade white Shaker Domet Han- J_Spl They were made in Switzerland, of white lawn with turn-over col- v_*\ "5
nel, almost a yard wide, possessing warmth , m^T7T7§^i hrs of fine Swiss embroidery, in dainty, stvlish patterns. Hundreds flounces with /sW «S. X
and good-wearing qualities, our 1 5 c line, Jl^^^^; of these collars are sold even" dav at 25c each; at the special ,„ eibScrv" / *
on special sale to-day only-per yard.. IOC __Si_i6at__^^ sale to-day we offer, three siz«, ,2 nK^ 14^-^>ch 12C SSS^ /^^^^M>fh 5
$16.50 Tailor Dress $12.50. 60c Saucepans 44c. Groceries— Liquors. and tucks, S
This black pebble che- The 6-<juart si.^e, straight side enameled Sauce- Coffee— Our famous 35c Java and Mocha, -"" tcwlav i^W^^^^^^\ * X
.^^^ viot Tailor Dress, just pans, 9 inches across top, 6 )i inches deep, to-day only, lb 30c ' <^$^i^M^^^^ ***
like picture, twilled pressed steel, one piece, heavily coated with Cocoa — Van Houten's, sold regularly 95c *"-* 50C •*&&T T \SZiF*' ••
silk lined jacket, flar- enamel, long handle, nolishrd tin" cover, ., for lb. tin, to-dav onlv SOO 1- ui'i'i" ? »-. • . r~ . : .. »
&$ . ing ' skirt, all scams regularly 60c; special on Wednesday. . . 44C Rice-Choice Japan, 6 lbs 25O f^ G 0 ™'? 00 * »«*»• Jt
J^K finished with four rows ' Prunes-Fancy SanU Clara, 8 lb,. . ._5o S
/hill) of stitching, all sizes; Maple Syrup - Woodlawn, gallon,, /°'^dren a to 6 year, of age, regtn *
({Ml r^\^- Special Sale of . slto^U^eBo; I %™.?.™.?? m ** m * 21c |
\>yJ8fa^M T to-day only .^ _~ r 3OO
I \\ 4>1c.jU Cabinet Frames. Hunt's Fruits — Hunt'i delicious apricots, J
/ IM $1.75 instead of A , ?•«•». n vi~ strawberries and raspberries, in heavy syrup, 0l)Cra GlOVCS ~«J»
I W *2 25— for brocaded A lar E= assortment otHemish Gray, Ebony 3-lb tins, to-day, tin 200 S
A \ mercerized Under- "and Gilt Molding cabinet size frames, with Claret— Zinfandel, well aged, per gallon "—1 P™Ce This Week. .«
/A V "kirtsj solid colors, ™* gilt corners and i^-incb mats . _ jjfo Wfi „ *
// \ \ very silky looking, to match the moldmg. They seU regu- .- Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey-The Opera Gloves (Jouvin & Cie. make), at exactly %
(AX \ \ dc d «P flounce ' y % 75C; 6PCC1 ' WednCSday ° nly " 40C g~™~. P" bo«le 73O half price; bhcll, white and opera colors: . S
[JfZ]^ \^y^ corded and lined; col- Nicely bound cabinet size frames, 6^x8 }\ Best Boiled Cider — Quart bottles, to- J4.00 — Full-arm length, now $2mOO w< *
*£T ors — plum, purple, inches, with i^-inch mats, giltcornen, day..... 25o 53.50— 20-button length, now .*.".* ...$f m 75 '%
**^ wine, cerise, etc. — easel back, can be hung or stood up, regu- Bourbon Whiskey — Van Horn's, 6 $3.00 — 1 6-button length, now \$1,5O 2*
special to-day <r| 7c larly 50c each; special to-day (Wednes- years old, , Kentucky Bourbon, to-day, per $2.50 — 1 2-button length, now * ' $1*25 "*
'• *!•«*> 1 day) -.4C gaUon $2.63 S2.00— 12-button length! now! ] \\ ' '.$1 m QQ "5
SOLD BY ALL nRTJGGISTS.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Ptrit. .. E8P1C; New York. E. F0D3SKA & Jj.
BUCiiA x AJS BROo.. ;>/ '
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
T>"nTTOTJ17O FOR BARBERS. BAK-
fj ri Ii kjlll-sO Prs ' bootblacks, bath-
«#*ivM» houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmlllf. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-rooferp, tanners, tailors, etc.
ATTORNEY.
F H MERZBACH. lawyer.
503 California st.. Clunle bulldlnsr.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Maibd
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
JT Wl! SON Xffi 90 ° battery Street.
• V "ILjUll a VU-- Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPFOSM'TH.
CVJ CM1TH Ship Plumbinjr.. Steamboat and
• IT- 31TI11I1- Ship 'W'ork a specialty. 16 and
IS TrashinKton st. Telephone Main 6641.
Electrical Engineer. 36 East st.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
FRRSH AND SALT MR ATS
IAC BOYF^/tfrt Phippintr Butchers. 104
JA5- DUICOtttll- clay. , Tel. Main 1M4.
GALVANIZINQ AND MRTALS .
y.'ttc. & Dealer In Metal* & Oalvanizlrijr. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. 313 Howard St.
RATLBOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LHSSIDH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. .
TIBURON FERRY-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
Sen Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35. !:».
8:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at H:3>
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 ?. m.
EUNDAYS-8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 1:30. COO.
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
1 WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. »:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
' 3:40, 3:10 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:U
and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40. 5:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scnuetsen Park.
same schedule ax above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ean Francisco. | .Nov. 7. 1900. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I 1 Bun- 1 Week
I>ays. ! days, j Destination. { days. 1 Days.
7:30 a rn 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:39 am Petaluma, CM pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:3S pm 6:22 pra
i Kulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburf.
Lytton,
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am) Cloverdale. 7:25 pm 8:22 pra
"7T30am! I Hopland I I
[ 8:00 am! and Iktah. f 7:35 pm! 6:22 pm
7:30 ami ~ ~j lO-.M aro
[S:C0am Guernevllle. I 7:35 pm
3:30 r".»i I «:22pni
7:30 am! S:C0ara Sonoma I 9:15 am| 8:40 am
I : and 1 I
6:10 pmj 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, f 6:03 pmf 6:22 pro
7:30 ami 8:C0am| %>^W:4<) am;iO:25 am
8:30 pm| 5:09 pm| Sebastopol. j 7:3S pm| 1:22 pm
St»Kes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W«t
Sprlnirs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fiiltcn
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; a:
Geyservllle for SkaSKS Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. HiftMand Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprtncs. Soda Bay. Lskeport and Dartlett
Springs: at-Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring*. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lak->. Witter ;
Springs. Upper Lnk», Porno, Potter Vallfy.
John Day'*, Riverside. Lierley's, Duckncll's.
fanhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Drayg. Westport. Usal.
Wlllets, Layt<vnvll.e. Curamlnii. Bell's Sprlnss.
Harris. Olsens. Dy«r, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rater. .-.- .
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all polntt
r*vor.d San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. S50 Market St.. Chronicle build*
Inc. R. X. RYAN.
II. C ¦WHITIN'O. • Gen. Pus. Agt.
• • Gen. Manager.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausatito Ferry.
Commencing SeitetuLer 3u 1900
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALUST
AND SAX RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS-C:55. »9:15. 11:00 a. ra.. «1:43»
3:15. 4:00. 6:15. »6:lj. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TltlPS^For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays snd Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SI:NDATS-»8:(i0. 10:00. »U:30 a. m.. 1:U.
3:15. »4: 45. 8:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains* marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN FRANCISCO.
WKEK DAYS— 6:25. -6:30. 7:«. 9:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:43. •»:*>. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at C:45 and 10:20 p. m.
gUNDAYS-6:20. »8:00. *l0:<)0. •«.*$ a. nu.
•3:40. »3M. 4:45. »6:30 p. m-
Trains marked (•> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:45. S:«. 7:55. »:3O a. m..
12:35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. tn.
8UNDATS-8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:08. 2:13. 3:3%
6:00. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
(:55 a. tn, week days— Caxadero and war sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions. ' \ /
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Torialea and wijr sta-
tlona. ¦'::,
a Dr. Gibbons Dispensary,
025 KEAfiXft in.: Kstaollsheo
in 1834 tor the treatment 01 Private
Diseases, Loet Manhood. DeblUtyor
disease 7-earinK on bodjand nnna and
iSkin X)ls«s>sos. l'b« doctorcureswben
others fail. Try him. Charge* low
fnreiinsmnlfe.1. Callorwrlta
Or. 4. *•- iiIBKOJi. Bai l»S7.Sanf raadacv
\A/. T. HESS.
X0TAHY ?nJJIJ iNJ ATTOENSf-AP-LlT.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013. Clans Spreckels BIdg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY ASu STS.— RE- i
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO.- Kuropeaiv- plan. Rooms. 50c to $150 day
J5 to IS week; 18 to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
rcom: elevator runs all night.
4SS& fl HRl/A Ullln A Rand Watcrprr >;
I ¦¦ In!! V Smokeless Powder. In bv ;k
I_I a 003 * n<^ Ica(1(>( l |n shells. S»nd
i ¦¦ i3«O W for catalogue of sportln?
a BLy coods. gko. w. shreve
. «39 Market st.
U MARKETT SJ
1713 1717 WARNER'S
r IlJuJu SAFE CURE
To all who suffer with Kidney. Liver. Heart.
Bladder or Blood diseases, a sample bottle of
Warner's Safe Cure (the pioneer Kidney and
Liver Remedy) will be sent absolutely Free of
Cost by addressing postal card to WARN Kit' 3
SAFE Ct'RE CO.. Rochester. X. Y., and men-
tlonlnc this paijer.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
— or the —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Helvetia Swiss
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY -
OF ST. GALL. SWITZERLAND. ON THE
lift day of December, A. D. 183J, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance CommlMlcrer of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisions of Sections
CIO and €11 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnlehed by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Carh Market Value of all Stocks and
Bor.da owned by Company I638.S2S 00
Cash In Company's Office '453 7$
Cash in Banks I06.6SS 31
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans S. 291 67
Prtmlun-.i In due Courre of Collection. 107,151 7S
Tot*i ab««u wTe'ilTsi
LIABILITIES.
Lopeefi adjusted and unpaid $16,522 98
Lofws In process cf Adjustment or
in Suspense r-S.472 70
Loeses resisted, including expen.-es 5.947 83
Grov* pr«r>luir.» on Fire Risks run-
nirir one year or less. J376.M2 47;
reinsurance 56 per cent 188,42121
Grots premiums on Fire Riska run-
ning more then one year, 1113.456 82;
reinsurance pro rata 6«,920 1G
CorotniFeions and Brokerage due and
to become due 21,381 JS
All ether demands agralnst the com-
pany 13,44181
Total Liabilities H57.109 II
INCOME.
Net each actually received for Fire '
premium* •'• M23.U1 2J
R»c*ived for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stock*. Leans and from all
other Bourcea 27.164 IS
Total Income $4ro.I77 «1
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $24,924 89. tofcses of previous
v«-an>) 1265,367 «7
Fold or allowed for Commission or
KroketaEe — .• ;"-V" I14fI45 "
Paid for Salaries. Feet and other
fharre* for offlc*rs. clerics, etc 1,000 CO
Paid for State, National and Local
tax,, 1S.0M S3
AH other payment* and expenditures. 17.3*6 21
Toul Expenditures V.KU.U7 90
Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the year $318.943 62
UlEks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium^.
Net amount of Rleks
TZT*...*"!!"*....?* »59.»40.900 J590.646 41
Net amount of Risks
•expired during the
gubscribed and *worn to before "?• £»» "tto
4ay of January. 1900- Public
SYZ & CO., General Agents,
§VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MtS
MORMON BISHOP"S PILLS
have been In use over flfty
years by the lenders ot the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases in old and young
arlKing from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation., excesses or
rlKarette-smoklng. ' Cures Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lam* P.ack.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, pmm Varicooele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne y*j g M rvous T witching
of Eyelids, Effects f^.m/Z-s: 11 re Immediate.
Impart vigor and CEI » T *»>otency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure la at
h&nd. Restores umall. undeveloped organs.
Stimulate? the brain and nerve centers; &0c a
box: C for $2 50 by infill. A written guarantee to
fre^. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
Ft. San Francisco, Cal., GRANT DRUG CO.,
*3 and 40 Third Bt
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
mouth si** nni'ic cnni'ANr.
: (PAOiriC MTMTKM.)
TrAlm I •* i* w ?* ft it €¦ !%¦*•* 4i ¦• ?* I u> nrrl v 0 1% t
NAN I'llANVINI'O.
(Main Line, Foot of ilmrket Street)
LXatb — Frou November 7, 1S00. — arrive
I '?:OOa Beiilciit. Hiiiaim, Elmlrm. VacaTille,
Ruiu»<-y aii.i Macranmnfo •7:<.1i»
•3iOt»» Shwta Ezprrw— D»?U. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Kod
Bluff, PorUand. "7i4.1r
•7>3«A Martlner, S»n lUiiimi. Vallejo. Ntpa.
t;all»t(u»ainl.S»iit» Itoam " II s I .% p
•»:«« a Darii, Woodland. Knfghta Lunding.
| MarjBTille. Orofille. •7>«3r
\ •*JiO»a Atlantic Kipreu— Ugden nod Rut *»:l5p
•8iOOA NUet, LiTermore, Truer, Lathrop,
Stockton »7il3p
•»i'4i»a Ran .lue, I.trermore, Htncktmi,
June, Sacraiin-nto. riaot-r*llle,
MarynTilln, Chicn. llo.l Illuil MilSr
•»iSl>» Omkdkli-, Chinese, aouora. Carter*... ••il»r
•U>»»a Hajwanls, Nil.snud Wity HUtioni. *l IiI.Ia
*U:UOa Loa Angeles Eipresi— Martinez.
Tracy, Latiirop. stock ton, Mirc-<1
Vrexuu and Loa ADeelta *7:l.tr
•»tU«A V»II.-J... Martinez »n.i Way Stations •att.tp
•loiuiu Th« Oferlmd IJmiied— Ogdeu. Den-
ver, Omaha. CklcaKu ••:¦».•¦>•>
•IIiOOa Kllra, Stockton, haurameDtu, Men-
dot h. Krennti, 1 1 an for J, Vlatlia,
rortt-rTille *l:l5r
MIiOOa LlTermoro, RaogCT. Goshen Jun»-
ti«u, Bakerstield. Loa Aogelea
¦ fllOOp Sacr»iii^lit.i l:lr«rHlei4iii«ra tStOO*
•:i:O<>i- Hajwarda, Mlrs aud Way Btationa. *at4.->r
•«:lior Mm r.hifv. Nun IUiiiuii. Vuilpju,
Nm|>», (MlaUncn. f.miU linen •»||IW
MiUUr Ili-iiicla, Winters, Haoraiuenlo,
¦/;.¦¦• \V«....llnnd. Kulklita . I.HiidlnB.
M.ryoTillp. Orotille •!«: 15,
*ft:i'*p Ilajrvirdo. Mir* Mini San .1 me »•*'«**
'5:001* Ni.es Llrermore and Btorktnn • 10:13a
gS-.Qitp bu»»et Lluiiied, El 1W, New
Orleamand Kaat c10:13a
•SmiOpTIih <)%l Uiuitml— Tracy. Fresno.
r.iikerntirl.l. Sau^im fur .Santa Uar-
l.nrn. l.ns Anurli-a *IO:I5V
•JiOiip New Orlranr Expreta-llaknninrld.
Santn llnrlmra, l.tm Anpi lea. l)fin-
Iiir. Kl I'uo, New Orlt- »ni and
Kast *7.«.l.
•OMIOp Ilavtrnrdn. Nllen kii.1 Kan J.,a<* *7l4»<
<«i««i- VmII«1ii -11:1V
•MiU«i-Or'rtiitnl Mall-Ogaen. Cbeyeune.
Onialin, Clilcisn *2>l»r
•AtOOp Oriental Mall-Ogdeo, Dcnter
Onial.it. Clil3*c<» MilSr
•liOtrOncunaml Olir.irnU KutrMw.Ha*.
rrv..^iil... MurvB.ill.-. ICrr.l.l|<, K
I'o.Muii.I. |-H||ai NmimI fm.I Kaal ••»!«.¦»»
•Rin.tp San Pb'o. l'»rn «!onta, M«rtiaez
and Wny Ktatloiil -II^.^a
lWiOSp ValUjn »1»:43»
TOAST III VISION (Nnrrou U'mmkt)
» (K(i..t ¦ t M.rk.t ,Stre.-t..
•Si 1.1a Newark. <Nnt--»lll.-..Saii.limo. Krlton
llouMer ( Jr. ek.Knnt a Unix and War
htntloi.a 'Oia"!
t»ilnr Nfw.uk, Outer*!!!.-, San .!.,««, Nrw |
Alnmdnii. Krltmi. ItmtMnr 4!rrok.
SanU Cms ami 1'rlucipal War
Station* flo:.->u.
•4il»r Newark, NtnJm, I.cn (!ato-i ••>«.¦>»»
al I:l3p Hunten" Kioiiraion, Han Jose and
Way ft t«tioo» *7i9Qr
1 CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
¦r«aiSll> FR.KCISCO— fc.t «t Marltpl -Slre.t (.Sim S)~
•7:16 • !»:09 ll:0n«.u. ] 1:03 '3:03 |3:03
•1:00 ]S:CO 'JjOJi-.m.
Fram (I1IIIND —^oal •' Bra.d *«•.-— -fi.00 8:00 10.00>.m.
112:03 '1:03 12:33 *3:03 H:03 'g:Q3r.M.
COAST DIVISION ( llrii»l li»nn).
(Thlr.l .....I Toninie.Nl St-..)
TflilOA ()ce*n V lour, South .-uii Kntiiclnc>i.. |li::iOp
•;hm»* Smii ,ln«n hmiI Way HUtitHM (New
Ali.Milni Wdlnexdarinnly) •lilloj.
?U,o<l» Nan .I.wm. Trra I'lium. Mania <!rux.
racitlc i:n»«. I-uh'i Itnlilm. Sau
l.iiia oi.ini..., H.irf. Iximpoc aud
l>rhiel|Ntl Way SUll.nm M:l«p
•I«:IOa 8an .Inso ami Way *tiUimn *(Ii»5«
•IIiIIOa Han Josh ami \V»y SUtlnns *3i»»r
tUilSp.San Matro. U.-dwnoil. Menlo Park.
Talo Alto. Sauta Ulara. Shu .I.mw.
Tres IMnos. Santa Crux, Salinac.
Motuerry mid I'acllic liruTe (IO::i(S.»
t»!:iMp««n.l«ge»i:d Wny Stations ........ -TjrUIr
t Islftr SanJo-oaiid Principal Wny SUUnns *»:4>t.<
t5:«lipSiit. .lo«r, Los (iHtos and 1'rincipal !
Way8Ution» l»:O»t •
*-1:.'IOp Sau.loaft and Principal Way Stations *»:»•'•* '
- *<i:.-tup. Sau .lose and Way StatUma «M:«o A j
qim.Tp Sau Jose and Way Stittlous *?:3Op
A for Morning. 1" fur Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday eicepted. 1 »uud»y uuljr.
g Mondays. Wednesdays, Friday*.
« Tunsdays, Thursdays, Sundays.
* Baturduj ouly ._ »
Santa Fe
Trains— Da»y
Leave Markit-street Ferry Depot.
Lve. San Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p ml 8:00 p m
Arr. Stocktun 12:30 p m 7:15 p m U:0o p m
••- Merced 2:42. pm 1:18 a ra
•• Fresno ?:*> P m l: ?5 a m
•• Vlsalla 8:00 p tn 4:60 a n»
•• Tularo 6:22 p m 6*10 a m
" Hanford '6:33 pm 7:0« a m
*• Bakersfleld ... 8:50 pm , 7:30 a ro
•• Denver r... 10:00 a m — — —
- Kan«as Oty... 6:15 p ra
«' Chicago 7:40 am
9 a. m. train Is the Overland Kxpress. Corr»«
¦ponding train arrives at 6 p. m. dally.
4*10 p m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrive* 11:05 a. m.. dally.
1:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakersfleld Expresa.
With Sleeplns Cars for both cities. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 8 a. m. daily.
- OFFICES — 641 Market et. and In F«rry Depot.
pfan. Francisco: 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
M0Us7~"fAMALPAIS"" " ftASLWAY
¦ Leaves San Francisco, via Sausatlto Kerry:
WJSEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS...... 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:1a p. m.
- Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return.
fl 40. -t**matmimu..mmnur*
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. «21 Market «t.. S^usallto Ferry.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
». Steamers leave Broadway
! wharf. San Francisco:
VfcTh^ For Alaskan Port." — 11 a. m..
i PK^^L Nw. 12. 17. 22, 27. Dec. 2.
Mp»%22j«»k Chang* to carr.panj-'a stearnera
B^SS^Hl For Victoria. Vancouver (R.
tWffi^-^p?fn< C). Port Towr.send. Sentt>
f Tacoma. Fverett. Anarortp.i
jnd New Whatcom (Wash.)—
U a. m.. Nov. 12. 17. 22. 27.
Dec. 2, and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. ft. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
to >T . P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Xov.
9. 14. 19. 24, 29. Dec. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stepping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lcs Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
Kdes) — Steamer Queen; Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. ro.
Fcr Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford tSan Luis Oblspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro <Lo« Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; »t«-am-T
Bonita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Mairdalena Bay. San Jnse dfl
Cabo. Mazat'an. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.>— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company" a
folders.
The company reserves the right to chan**
steamers sallir.j? dates and hours cf calling
without previous notice.
TICKKT OI.-Fm;k_4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIXS A CO.. On. Asfnts.
10 Market st.. San Fmnclsco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IPO'R.TIj-A.ISriD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC XI2 First Class Including Berth
I MilL. $8 Second Class ana Meals.
COLUMBIA yaiik Not. 1«. 21. De~ 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Not 9 l) <}
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Buttc.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
O Market street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMKKS TV-ILL LEAVE WHARF*. COP-
r.er First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, eallln* at
Kobe (Hloro). N'c*asakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on beard on <J%y
of sailing. ¦••.:¦;.¦
SS. HONGKOXO MARIT
Tuesday, November 13, i»o
ES. NIPPON MARTT
Thursday. December •. 1»)
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December 29. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reluced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General A*ent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KXW TOM. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. TXS13.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New Tcrk Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Nov. 14 St. Louis Pee. 5
New York Nov. 21 New York Dec. t2 .
St. Paul N'ov. CS St. Paul Dec. 13
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Scuthwark Nor. It Noortilanrt Dec 1
Westernland ...Nov. 21 Frlesland Dec 13
Kensington Nov 23 Scuthwark Dec. 1J
For frelKht and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery st. Or any of Its axent&.
__ .
oceaH!cs.§.co. sssa
SS. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. November 21. 9 p. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Monday. December 2. 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
Tuesday, December 4. 4 p. m
J.O. SPKNEU& BEOS. 6O..Xgts.,1idBt QSca, 643 SarfetS*
Fright Olfe, 327 Kartet St.. Pier la. 7. Patifie SL
-OMPAGMI^ GSN^fcAT.*: TSlNSA.TLA5TIQn3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sclltr.< every Thur?rtay. Instead of <3urfj>
Saturdas*. from November 2. 1S33. at -3*«i 1 vr».
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot i «?
Morton street L'AQITITAINE. Nov. 8. Flrst-
cla-s to Havre. *5S and upward. Seeon.t
mw to Havre. H2 EO and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 22 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
AF»nt«. S Montgomery avenue. San FranctsoA.
BAY AUD RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
JJO.V.. Tuts.. Wed.. Thurs. ana Sat. at 9:«
a. m.. 3:15. »:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30; Sundays. 10:3v a. m.. )
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
P1er No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE .jOe i
A'^iETO&Je?*"! t BI( J ** Is ft non-poi-enom
i^ralUiA^d rsmedj for (JonorThiea,
r i-.v\ nr>T^j^3 O!e*t. Sf«rmati>i rha.v,
ffSPSy Jn l u&4*r>- *ti White*, uunaturnl dij-
flad? OsarkatnJ Q chargpx, or »nT inrti:fnm» .
K<a»P not vo itrletor^. tion, irritation or ulrc
¦» ' Tf^riTtnu eoniMMQ. tion of mucoui* m,< j
RSlTHiEvA« CHEMXilCa. branw. Non-astrinr 1 f '
V85a.'::»<cm«Ti.3 TtZl SoId b ' i>»-bbcU 1. 1
¦ C. S. A 5rS^ or ** nt tn Plain wni 1
J^taSt^L >&VS9 hy e.tprrt«», prepaid, I *
or 3. bottles, $2.73.
* B CI. ruUr teat vu reqau«
METAL. : Vj' '
F.xt'rR linotype and stereotype' metal. Pacific
Metal Works, 137-9 First. Bt.. San 'Francisco.
PRINTING.
Er iHTfiHFC printer.
23 First Bt., San Francisco.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO...
PAINLESS
EXTRACTION
HitHgWgBSHBSi&xmr Our $5,00 Plates
g^g^j^gj^Bg^SJy fit like a glove.
-7*^ ' 815% OEART STREET
;••",' Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telephone Polk 113*-
301 California Street.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
•¦•¦•¦¦•D«ao»aoBosao«onoB*
\Mu)Skm\
2 No truer words were ever said. ¦
• Anita Cream actually re- ¦
• moves the outer cuticle and 2
J with it all decolorations and •
g coaxes to the surface a fresh, •
¦ new skin, as soft and trans- 2
2 parent as an infant's. ¦
{ ANITA CREAM |
• Is a positive CURE for tan f ¦
• freckles, liver mole, moth S
J patches, etc, and has stood •
¦ the test for years. «
¦ Further particulars, instruc- J
2 tions and a sample sent to any ¦
• address for 2c postage. Full ¦
• size jar for 50;. 2
J Anita Cream & Toilet Co., 207 2
¦ . Franklin St., Los Angeles, Cal. "
¦•¦•¦• ¦#• bchi ¦•¦•¦•¦•r «¦•
WIM* ASH STEAM C0AL.»h^ e BL a^
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN*
RIVER COLLIERIES, la the Best Coal In the
market. Office and Yards— 150 Main street.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAAIXANA BITTERS. THIS
. great Mexican remedy; ¦ gives . health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market
P 1 Vr n O\l I I Corner Fourth and
UillL llUinL- SteamTnd La^e™
5c. Overcoats and
valises checked Ire*
STATIONER AND PRINTER. ,
Telegraphic ".. PARTPIIlfiP 305 California
Codes. lAttiniUUC ;- street.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S. F.
OILS. .^jU
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
41S Front Bt.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
#4<J I 11 l¥j M C ATA'R R HJ
> NEPERA
iCLUETT REABODYACOFASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Tvlayor Van Wyck of New York swears that during
r campaign he was not in the slightest degree in
'-^reFted in ice. This is no indication, however, that
Ir-c isn't deeply interested now.
. . While the cry of reorganization is in the air and
.'¦cattcred political fragments are being collected after
the smash, Kelly, Crimmins and Hcrrin might be well
employed in an effort to discover themselves and re
:''>rm.
Luck seldom falls to the lot of a young woman a3
it has to that three weeks' bride of San Jose, who was
<Werted the other day by her husband. It is the es
s-ence of good fortune to get rid of. a scoundrel so
quickly. ,
When Alameda gives us the silken emblem which
will mark San Francisco as the banner Republican
city of the State she may console herself with the
thought that she has made a gift which will be for
"keep*."
The comment of most foreign newspapers upon our
recent Presidential election has at least one interest
ing and entertaining Fha.?e. It removes all argument
in reference to the assertion that our foreign friends
are delightfully ignorant of our affairs.
"There. is safety in numbers," said the
trite conversationalist.
"There is," answered the man who talks
en politics. "If you can't convince a man
by your argument you can always silence
him by quoting a lot of statistics that he
knews absolutely nothing about."—Wash
ington Star.
;Mrs. Highblower— Don't forget, my dear,
that in conversation the interest must not
be allowed to flag. . *
Clara— But I'm sure I do my'best, mam
ma.
"Maybe so. But while the pianist was
playing I thought, once or twice, that I
detected you listening to him."— Life.
"I shouldn't be surprised if. I done sold
dat mule aftuh all," remarked Uncle Ras
berry. ,
"Is you got any offers?
"No. but I's gwinter git one purty soon.
Deacon Thompson stops hyuh every
yuthuh day an' was'cs half an hour tell
in* me 'bout whut a no 'count animal it is.
An' de deacon doesn't put in his time
wlfout'n he's got 'an object."— Washington
Star.
"Now that you are married," said her
intimate friend, "do you intend to hy
phenate your name and call yourself Mrs.
Plumb-Duff?"
"No," replied the lovely bride, with a
shy glance at her fond and proud 5'oung
husband. "This is not a consoltdatlon.
It's an absorption."— Chicago Tribune.
"Have you any definite outline for con
versation. Clementine?"
"Yes: when people call on me I exert
myself; when I call on them I don't."—
Indianapolis Journal.
Mrs. Glvern— Isn't Mrs. Loudlelgh rather
ostentatious about her charitable works?
Mrs. Robinson— Ostentatious? I should
say so. Why, that woman would like to
have pier glass over her mantle of char
ity.—Baltimore American.
A CHANCE TO SMILH.
In order that the gathering may be made thor
oughly representative it is provided that the Gov
ernor of each State and Territory appoint 7 delegates;
the Mayor of each city of less than 25,000 population,
2 delegates; the Ma}-or of each city of more than
25.000 population, 4 delegates; each Board of Trade
and Chamber of Commerce, 2 delegates; each agri
cultural college, 2 delegates; each organized irriga
tion, agricultural and horticultural association, 2 dele
gates; each society of engineers, 2 delegates; each
irrigation company. 2 delegates. In addition to the
foregoing the following persons are delegates by vir
tue of their respective offices: The duly accredited
representative of any foreign nation or colony, the
The plan of the congress is a comprehensive one,
and ample opportunity is given for the representation
of all interests. The circular announces: "The best
authorities on irrigation and forestry have been se
cured to speak and give illustrated lectures, and men
of national fame and renown as orators and statesmen
will address the congress."
f** IRCULARS have been issued directing atten
l tion to the fact that the ninth annual session of
the National Irrigation Congress will be held
in Chicago beginning November 21. The motto of
the congress, "Save the forests and store the floods'"
is one that may well be adopted by the whole people
of the United States. Arid lands are confined to the
West, but problems of forestry and water conserva
tion are common to the whole Union. Consequently
whatever is done for the redemption of the arid lands
will serve as valuable lessons for the people of States
where there is abundant rainfall.
NINTH IRRIGATION CONGRESS.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.-James R.
IMinn and wife are at the Shoreham: E.
Beck and wife are at the St. James: Rob
ert C. Lincoln is at the National— all from
San Francisco; A. P. Stephens and wife
of Coronado are at the Raleigh: G. W.
Worthen and wife ¦ of San Jose are at the
National: G. M. Dungan of California is
at the Ebbitt.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
CHRISTMAS PACKAGES-Subscriber
City. Packages Intended for soldiers ard
sailors .at the Philippines weighing 'no?
more than- thirty pounds if delivered at
the quartermaster's department tt a ±
156 Jessie street, will bo forwarded free^f
charge. The next transport carrvin J mn,
will leave on Friday. Packages mu,?? 1
delivered not later than to-morVow Th
next transport will also carry such pack
ages . - ' ouga P acK "
WHEAT QUOTATIONS-Farmer, Mo
desto, Cal. Wheat quotations- for IS93.94
were: Averace ?l 0B4, highest $1 16U low
«st SOc; in 1*94-95. .average ST^c. ftVhSt
85e. lowest 76Ue: in 1895-96 avfr»e«
»l 01 2-5. highest n 1-ii. lowest SS*fc- i|£!
$ c L, mi ?*' average $1 47 1-5: highest
8 ffl fr J owes t $1 20; 1S9S-99. averam
« 14%. highest $1 25. lowest « 05 The
last figures include^ up to July, 1899.'
MONEY ORDERS-Subscriber, J N
and M. D. A., Raymond. Cal. The ' law
requiring the eiving of receipts for post
office money orders went into effect dur
Ing the latter part of i&«9. it was nut intn
operation in different postoffld? at differ
ent times, according to the time wh2n tiTl
supply of old forms was exhausted
TO BE AN ENGINEER-C. R. S.. City
For a young man who desires to become
an engineer on a steamer he must hrRt
serve as an oiler and then he will be ad
vanced. For service in the United Stated
liavy make application at Mare Island
rASTURAGEJ— B., Bowman, Cal. If a
person leases pasturage to another on a
homestead before obtaining a patent
thereto that will not in any way interfere
with the proving up of the homestead
providing: the homesteader has complied
with all requirements. p eu
HALED AND HAULED-Oaklander
Oakland, Cal. Haled Is used instead of
hauled by some writers because it la cor
rect and is not obsolete.
LONGEST CAR— A. P. G., City. The
longest street cars in San Francisco meas
ure 40 feet in length. Such a car will turn
any curve of the Market-street system.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FOREST RESERVES-F. H., Covelo.
There is no law to prohibit a person from
prospecting on Government forest re
serves. - - » . .
If the people of Boston can do all that. San Fran
cisco surely ought to be able to do much more for
the public library of this city than has been done.
Our library is inconveniently located in the City Hall,
having no building of its own whatever, and as long
as it remains- there it will never, be so widely used
as it should be. The Boston example is worth im
itating. '¦;>' ¦-:
The institution thus built up by the people without
aid from millionaires is not only a reference but a
circulating library, and every effort is made to render
its books accessible to all /the people. Books are
taken home from the library by a system of cards,
and 63,881 persons out of Boston's population of
500,000 make use of the cards— that is to say, one per
son in every eight. A record fs kept of the holders,
classified by age and sex; 26,480 males took books
home, of these 14,003 were over and 11*587 under 21
years of age; the number of females using cards was
37,401, divided into 23,912 over 21 years of age and
13,489 under that age. Among these were 919 gram
mar school boys and girls under 12 years of age. The
total number of volumes taken. from the library and
its branches during the year was 1,251,541.
The library building at Boston with its artistic deco
rations cost $3,000,000 and it contains upward of
750,000 volumes; yet the whole institution is the out
come of public taxation willingly borne by the people.
It is stated that private contributions to it after nearly
fifty years of existence amount to only $273,740 in
all, of which sum one-half has been contributed with
in the last eleven years. The Bates gift, made in 1853.
was of $50,000, and only two other gifts of equal size
have been received since,- one. in 1889, the other in
1897; there are seven gifts of $10,000; the others are
for much smaller amounts.
BOSTON is feeling proud over the forty-eighth
annual report of the trustees of her famous
public library. There is nothing in this particu
lar report that renders it distinguished above others,
so that the pride Boston feels in it is due merely to
the fact that it once more reminds her of what she
has accomplished in the way of building up a library,
and how much better in that respect she is than any
other city in the country.
A LESSON FROM BOSTON.
The costume represented Is for travel-
Ing. It is of drab covert-cloth. The point
ed lapels are edged with embroidered de
signs in braid to match, and the skirt ia
trimmed in the same style. The waistband
is of violet silk, draped.
DRAB CLOTH COSTUME.
It is claimed for the battleship Kentucky that she
has deposed the Oregon as the new queen of the
navy, having made the voyage from New York to
Gibraltar in exactly twelve days at an average speed
of 14 knots. As the distance, however, is only 3186
knots between the two points, and not 4000 knots, the
actual average speed simmers down to 11.07 knots,
which is quite creditable for a ship with engines not
yet worked down to their bearings; but the Oregon's
run in 1898 from Puget Sound to Jupiter Inlet, Fla.,
covered a distance of 14,^10 miles, and was accom
plished at an average speed of 11.17 knots. It is a
record not yet beaten by any naval vessel, and the
Oregon is still the queen of all navies.
FROM present appearances it would seem that
the nations concerned propose to take blood
atonement out of China, in lieu of money in
demnity or territorial concessions.
The authenticated accounts of slaughter of non
combatants by the troops of Russia, France and
Germany have doubtless impressed the world with
the idea that these allies collected an eye for an eye
und a tooth for a tooth as they went marching on.
When to this is added the execution of Chinese of
high degree, Moloch should soon be glutted with
blood.
To demand an impoverishing indemnity in money,
after all this slaughter, looting, destruction of prop
erty and bringing famine upon all North China, ought
to satisfy the most vengeful of the missionaries. It
may be pleaded that killing Chinese is no punishment
but rather a favor to the nation in its overcrowded
condition, and that the only sensitive nerve in the
Mongol anatomy is in the pocket. But the Western
conscience is not concerned with the effect of all this
butchery upon China. Its evil is impressed upon the
people of the nations that have set up the shambles
and reddened them with the blood of thousands of
innocent women and children.
Above the noise of all the horror, the pleading of
missionaries in the agonies of torture and murder, and
the weak cries of Chinese infants being tossed from
bayonet to bayonet in retaliation, conscience is heard
declaring that the cause of jit all is the deliberate inter
polation of a forgery by a missionary .in the treaty
of i860.
China was then prostrate under the iron heels of
France and England. Peking had been looted anl
partly burned. The treaty in its best aspect was tht
fruit of duress, and China was not a free agent at the
moment of her assent. Her helplessness was further
taken advantage of by the forger who adulterated the
treaty by a provision giving missionaries access to
the Middle Kingdom, with the right to own or rent
property in which to carry on a propaganda.
In all the Christian world is there not a Xavier or
a Hcber to rise and vindicate the true spirit of Chris
tianity by declaring the truth and admitting the
wronp-? The author of Christianity said that his fol
lowers would be known by swearing to their own
injury, meaning that they would tell the truth when
it meant their own undoing.
It is a matter for pride in this country that our
Government has kept the nearest of any to Christian
ideals in its dealing with China. But American
Christians are not pleased that many missionaries who
are Americans have criticized our Government for
this attitude and have openly voiced their preference
for the truculent attitude of the Kaiser.
It i« a hard world at best, but the hardest part of it
Fhouid not be found where Christianity is professed.
THE CHINESE SETTLEMENT.
Buffalo, New Orleans and St. Louis have an
nounced expositions for the near future. There will
be no use for any other American city to undertake
one during a year in which one of those is to be
held, but when the expositions at St. Louis and New
Orleans have fitly celebrated the acquisition of the
vast Louisiana territory by the Union it will be the
turn of the Pacific Coast to have a national celebra
tion and an international fair. It will be worth whils
for our people to keep the subject in mind. Since
expositions are so popular, why should not San Fran
cisco begin to plan one of the first magnitude?
Such a showing refutes the theory that expositions
have lost favor with the people. In fact, it proves
that nothing is so attractive to the masses of civilized
men of our time as expositions of art and industry.
All classes delight in seeing with their own eyes what
has been accomplished for the advancement of hu
man welfare by the attainments of science and the
improvements of mechanism. Consequently the out
look for the expositions projected in this country i3
most favorable, and it is well nigh certain that those
cities that have made plans on a grand scale will reap
an abundant reward for their energies.
The summary of the official statistics telegraphed
yesterday states that the total number of visitors was
double that of the exposition of 1889, when 25,121,975
persons passed the gates. When the gates of the ex
position of 1900 closed more than 50,000,000 persons
had passed through. The British and Belgians
headed the list in 18S9 in point of numbers, but this
year the Germans were first and the Belgians sec
ond, with the British behind. The Americans also
formed a very noticeable contingent. Indeed they
were immeasurably more numerous than at the! pre
vious exposition. The record paying day this year
brought out more than 600,000 visitors, as compared
with a maximum of 335,377 in 1889.
AFTER all reports of the comparative failure of
the Paris Exposition comes the final state
ment of the authorities, showing that so far as
popularity is concerned it has been the most success
ful exposition ever held. Notwithstanding that wars
in South Africa, disturbances in China, racial antago
nisms growing out of the old wars in Europe, and
trade rivalries, tended to keep many foreigners from
visiting the fair, and notwithstanding that royalty
held aloof and not a single great sovereign visited the
city, the attendance was enormous.
POPULARITY OF EXHIBITIONS.
Dr. E. W. "Wells of Humboldt is at the
Grand.
Mrs. John G. Mulr Is registered at the
Occidental.
Joseph Goldman, a Merced merchant, is
registered at the Grand.
Professor N. S. Keith of New Tork is
registered at the Palace.
August Busch, a prominent St. Ix>uis
merchant, is at the Palace.
Thomas Couch of Montana, a mine
owner, is at the California.
Mrs. L. B. Henderson and daughter of
Denver are at the Occidental.
Frank Hazen, attorney at Healdsburg,
is at the California with his wife.
O. O. Webber. District Attorney of
Santa Rosa, is registered at the Lick.
Dr. B/R. Ward, surgeon in the United
States army, Is stopping at the Grand.
A. F. Turner, a New York capitalist, is
among the late arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. N. L. Eastman of Albany,
N. Y., have taken apartments at the Pal
ace.
John A. Gill of the New Tork Central
coast offices went to Sacramento yester
day.
Arthur Gosllner, land owner at Wheat
ley, is stopping at the Grand for a few
days.
Hon.' R. Boyle and wife, of Mountain
View are stopping at the Occidental for a
few days.
Adolph Fleishman, a prominent • fruit
shipper of Los Angeles, is in the city and
is stopping at the Palace.
Richard Theophilus, resolution clerk In
the House of Representatives at Wash
ington, is visiting friends in the city.
E. J. Coyle, assistant general passenger
agent of the Canadian Pacific, and whose
territory embraces the entire Pacific
slope, is a guest at the Palace.
Miss Genevleve Green, daughter of Will
S. Green, editor of the Colusa Sun, who
has been traveling in Europe for the past
three years, will arrive home next Sun
day afternoon.
Mrs. David Starr Jordan, Mrs. John W.
Mitchell and Miss M. de B. Roberts came
up from Stanford University yesterday
and registered at the California. They
attended the grand opera last evening.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A Fenninane Wank in a Windy City Drug Store
Converts a Harmless Beverage Into
, a Biting Serpent.
"Drunkenness Among All Classes of Women In Chicago" was the text for
& special dispatch recently published in the New York "World, which went
on to say that the alarming increase of the vice was made the subject
of discussion by the national executive board of the Woman's Rescue
League.
Proprietors of drug- stores and candy stores -were condemned for the al
leged practice of Belling "spiked" drinks to young girls, many of whom. It
was said,! were often Induced to drink Intoxicants when under the Impres
sion that they were partaking of a harmless beverage.
"It is this practice of mixing intoxicants with soda-fountain drinks,"
said Mrs. M. Palmer, editor of the Banner of God, the official organ of the
league, "that causes many of our young women to become t-ddlcted to the
habit, and that Is greatly responsible for the frightful Increase of Inebriety
among our sex."
Mrs. Ida Cole, national corresponding secretary, said: "I am surprised at
the amount of liquor sold to women residents of Hyde Park, where I live un
der the cover of groceries. Several times men have called at my house solic
iting orders for beer, wine and whisky, assuring me that I need have no
fear of detection. 1 was told at a grocery store that every grocery dealer In
Hyde Park sold liquor, not only at retail, but at wholesale."
CHICAGO LADIES TAKE THEIRS
WITH A LITTLE "SPIKE" IN IT
Upon those questions the people have passed. The
vote against the scheme is decisive. The victory is
one upon which the State may well be congratulated.
Such reforms as are needed in our judicial system
can be effected without the establishment of new
courts. There is no necessity to reorganize the whole
judicial system, throw everything into confusion ani
add to the burdens of the taxpayers, nor is there any
need to give the Governor the appointment of nine
additional Judges.
The Call has a just right to feel gratification in the
defeat of the amendment, since it took the leading
part in the campaign of education against it, and
peatedly pointed out the objections to it, while at the
same time giving ample opportunity to its advocates
to make what defense they could. Thus The Call
published in full several letters from persons favoring
the plan, so that no complaint can be justly made of
unfairness in presenting the issue. The readers of
The Call had both sides of the controversy submitted
to them, and after a comprehensive study of the sub
ject decided The Call was right, in opposing it.
]T~\ETURNS from the interior of the State make it
l—S certain that the scheme for establishing three
* courts of appeal, embodied in Senate constitu
tional amendment No. 22, has been defeated. This
is another evidence that the voters approached the
polls this year with a clear understanding of all the
issues before them. The scheme had hardly a single
argument in its favor, and the objections against it
were overwhelming. Consequently the people re
jected it. ' >
A DEFEATED SCHEME.
WEDNESDAY; NOVEMBER 14, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MAXAGEH'S OFFICE Telephone Vrcnn 2O4
ITHLICATIOS OFFICE Market and Third, S. P.
Telephone Pres*-201.
EDITORIAL nOOMS 217 io 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone 1'rens 2OU.
Delivered liy fnrrier*. 15 Cents Per 'Week.
Silicic Copies. ." Cent*.
Termn liy Mail. Iueladinsr Vontnget
DA1LT CALL (including Punday). one year $6.09
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), C ir.cnths 3.00
DAILY CALL Ur.clUiiinR Sunday), i months 1^0
DAILY CALL— By fing'.e Month 65c
BCKDAT CALL. One Year 1.M
WEHKLY CALL. On* Year 100
AH poatraaaterK are authorized to receive
*n Inscription i>.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mai: *ut*=Tibers in ordering chanjre of adilreps Fhouid be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a rrompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEOIIGE KROGXESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building;. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TOP.K COKRESPOXDENT:
C. C. CARI/TOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
iTCPHBS B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldlne
NEW YORK NEiVS STANDS:
¦U-alSrrf-AFtorla Hotel; A. Brentano, 21 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Korthern Hotel;
Freracnt House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON' (D. C> OFFICE 1400 G St., N\ \V.
MORTON K. CRAVE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES S3 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 3'X) Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until S:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
8:30 o'clock. JM1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1G*>5 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. N\V. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
AN "AGGIE"- NIZING MOMENT.
NETV YORK POST— Croker and his con
federates begin by stealing the nama of
Democrats; they end. through the cohe
sive power of public plunder, with what
they call a political oriBranlzatlon, but what
is In reality a kind of Camorra. It exists
In, for and by crime. It thrives on flaunt
ing vice. It drinks the blood of the
poor. It crows fat on the ransom paid
by the rich. Croker. the chief bandit. Is
a living embodiment of the spirit which
animates the whole— his Ignorance, his
greed, his brutality, his affiliation with
the stews, spreading like a dread Infec
tion to corrupt every man or institution
touched by his poisonous breath.
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER— Now that
we have gone abroad to sell the products
which we have the capacity for producing
beyond the- domestic capacity to consume.
It is impossible to set any Hmit3 to our
prospective development, with inexhaus
tible supplies of coal and Iron and of all
the other staples which successful manu
facture requires, and with an Inventive
capacity which Is nowhere even approach
ed, the position of the United States as
the greatest nation upon earth seems to be
assured beyond peradventure.
NEW YORK TIMES— Opposition to
Bryanism Involved no risk of negro su
premacy In any Southern State. And cer
tainly the South would have paid uncon
scionably dear for whatever advantage
may accrue from maintaining a solid front
against negro rule if its votes had actual
ly elected a President who had pledged
himself to policies that would have
brought widespread disaster upon its
prosperous Industries and checked its
development for a decade.
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRE R— Th*
country hasn't. In spite of the extraordin
ary outlay due to causes wholly beyond
either our anticipation or control, been
running Into debt. There Is still a hand
some amount to the good at the dispo
sition of the United States Treasurer.
There was, indeed, an actual surplus of
more than three million dollars during the
month of October, which Is a gratifying
circumstance indicating a healthy condi
tion of business affairs.
PHILADELPHIA TIMES— Among tha
uses of war in foreign lands is an extend
ed knowledge of geography, and also the
Introduction of new words Into the Eng
lish language. In the old wars were
grafted upon the Anglo-Saxon stem all of
its Latin, and in later wars we got
Blucher and Wellington, a pattern of foot
wear; Magenta and Solferlno, colors useii
In dress goods, and khaki, a cloth first
made in India and now extensively used
by all armies as tropical dress.
NASHVILLE AMERICAN-Most of the
New England States have educational
tests as a qualification for voting— 100.000
illiterate voters are disfranchised in Mas
sachusetts alone — and to reduce represen
tation on this score would affect them as
well as the South. An educational quali
fication Is desirable. It elevates the bal
lot, and no step to degrade the ballot by
giving It indiscriminately to the Umoraa*.
and the venal would be tolerated by pu»
He sentiment.
OMAHA BEE— President McKinley un
derstands better than any other man can
do the great and grave responsibilities
resting upon him. No one more clearly
apprehends the significance of popular
verdict. No citizen 19 more solicitous for
the maintainance of the honor, the integ
rity and the prestige of the republic. No
one la more profoundly and patriotically
devoted to American Institutions. The
country may cenfldently expect from him
a wise conservatism and moderation.
CHICAGO INTER-OCEAN— Congress
has made a good beginning of the new
task by upbuilding our navy. But our
naval growth must continue In an order
ly and systematic fashion. Immediate at
tention should be given to providing
trained officers, for we are now building
ships which, if action be not taken soon,
must lie Idle for lack of men to command
them.
RICHMOND TIMES— If the rarty will
now purge itself of Populism and Bryan
ism and return to those principles upon
which It was founded and tight Its own
battles without alliances with alien
parties and line up under leaders who be
lieve In and represent its cardinal prin
ciples. It will, in our opinion, turn Its de
feat Into a glorious triumph.
WASHINGTON STAR-The retention
by Lord Salisbury of the British Premier
ship insures a vigorous Ministry. It ha.-*
been suggested that he alone of his party
couid hold together the elements which
constitute it. It has been a successful
coalition and has accomplished some re
markable results.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— Nothing can
be mere obvlou3 and more reasonable
than that, since the United States has In
tervened In Cuba for the establishment
of a certain sort of government, that gov
ernment must be formed and established
in a manner satisfactory to the United
States. ... -
SPRINGFIELD REPUBLICAN— Th3
municipal campaign in New York City
will come next year, but the flsM againsc
Croker may be said to have already be
grun. That nothing -will hinder Croker' a
overthrow may well be the wish of all
good citizens, irrespective of politics.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
There has long been a controversy whether irriga
tion shall be undertaken by States and Territories or
by the National Government. That controversy
ought now to be closed. It is certain that in many
respects the problem is too vast to be solved by separ
ate State action, but in some ways the States might
help. Thus there is ample room for a basis of agree
ment among all who sincerely desire to see the great
and needed work begun at once. It is to be hoped
the present congress will devise a plan of operatidn
on which all can agree.
Governor of any State or Territory, any member of
the United States Senate and House of Representa
tives, and member of any State or Territorial commis
sion.
The vote in West Virginia, Maryland and Dela
ware means that this is the disappearance of the solid
South, and that in the future Republican majorities
may be looked for in the manufacturing States of the
South. Physical environment is the final cause of
political preference, and the climate that produces cot
ton, rice, sugar and tobacco and transmutes them to
be used by man is a strictly Republican climate.
Governor Pingree of Michigan gave a mot to the
campaign by announcing that he would hold his nose
and vote for McKinley. Throughout the South
voters did not hold nor hide their noses while voting
for Bryan, but used them in an impressive sneer at the
candidate they supported while praying for his de
feat.
Compared with it the Debs movement is a higli
representative of principle. Though socialism is not
favored by the rugged American spirit, yet it is a
principle, and one that this and other countries must
reckon with for many years to come.
At this time it is more likely that the Democrats who
have a second time repudiated Bryan will prefer the
Republican party to a reorganized Democracy, and
that the artificial formation of a new party will simply.
increase Republican strength by repelling more Dem
ocrats who are tired of the shallowness, the froth and
fury of Bryanism. There are great forces at work
which will go forward regardless of the plans of poli
ticians, and promise a new alignment and a fresh par
tisan cleavage. No fact in the late campaign stands
out more clearly than the favor in which the Presi
dent and his policies were held in the South. Only
the race question prevented that section giving its
vote to the Republican party. In the South
multitudes of men voted for Bryan while not conceal
ing their fear of his election and the hope of his de
feat. Scores of such men did not scruple to offer
material assistance to the Republican campaign in the
North to offset their compulsory support of Bryan
at home. That section of the country is enjoying its
first real prosperity. Its old order under slavery was
not prosperity, but now business and industry arc
laid on lines that represent true business principles,
and an industrial structure is being built that must
depend for its endurance upon the principles and poli
cies of the Republican party.
Towne and his companions may fulminate and may
form parties in vain. Principles precede parties, and
the unprogrammed agreement of men on principle is
the nucleus of parties. In the Bryan movement there
is no enduring principle. It is a body without a. soul.
Its repudiation by Democrats is more extensive and
general this year than in 1896.
In the first year of the century Aaron Burr and
De Witt Clinton, both politicians, aspired to the Pres
idency. They sought the prize as politicians seek it,
but the people averted their favor from both and
turned to Jefferson.
Their whole movement has been inspired by mere
politicians. Bryan himself is only a politician, and a
very poor one at that. Neither he nor any man who
is only a politician or the mere agent of politicians
can ever be President. The people in selecting for
that office have always turned away from a politician
and chosen a statesman.
It is time to say that artifice cannot achieve or pre
vent the reorganization of an old party, nor create
a new one. These things must originate spon
taneously, in the nature of things. The leaders of the
Bryan movement cannot reorganize the . existing
Democracy. It would be writing their o\vn # epitaphs.
They would have to meet and vote themselves wrong
on every issue they have offered to the people. They
would have to drop every line and letter of the Chi
cago and Kansas City platforms and admit that those
documents presented no enduring principles, but were
fiamed only on the line of temporary expediency, in
the hope of catching votes and getting power.
There has been a great deal of hysterical ascription
to Colonel Bryan since his second defeat. His per
sonal demeanor and his expressions by no means ex
hibit the elements of greatness. He has made no
large-minded comment on the result, and indulges in
aspersions that are unbecoming a leader of American
thought. The country is evidently tired of him, but
he is not tired of himself, and announces that he will
continue to direct matters along the line of his two
disastrous campaigns. The builders of the proposed
new party announce, as the first part of their pro
gramme, that they will prevent Democratic reorgani
zation, and when that is done will form a new party.
IT is reported that a conference at St. Paul has de
cided to form a new party, of which Bryan is to
be the leader. The conferees were. Towne, Petti
grew, Mr. Shively of Indiana, and several other West
ern committeemen of the Bryan Democracy.
A NEW PARTY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY^ NOVEMBER 14, 1900.
FOLLOWERS OF THE FILIPINO LEADER, BE HE DEAD OR ALIVE,
1 FIND LITTLE CONSOLATION, ACCORDING TO THE PIONEER
PRESS CARTOONIST. IN READING ELECTION BULLETINS.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Ameer."
Alhamtra— "A XoQSS Wife."
Tivoli— "Err-ani."
CaJiforrla— Royal Marine Band of Italy.
Ori'hpum — Vaudeville.
Grand Oj>era-hcuse— "Alia."
Alcazar— "l,oet Paradise."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
*venln«.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Butro Baths— O.^en alfhts.
Oak'.a'ad Rare Track— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
Turkish Rup«— Thursday, November 15, at 2 o'clock, at cor-
ner Geary and Stockton streets.
One of the most delicate
foods, in the world, is Scott s
emulsion of cod-liver oil.
When usual food is a burden,
it feeds you enough to restore
your stomach; baby the same.
. The bco'y-builder is food;
the body-restorer is Scott's
emulsion of cod-liver oil.
Well tend you a little to try If you HVe.
SCOTT £ BOWSE, 4 °9 P«xl street, Nev York,
Food is the body-restorer.
In health, you want nothing
but food; and your baby wants
nothing but food. But, when
not quite well, you want to get
back to where food is enough.
BODY-RESTORER
ADVERTISEMENT^
If a spray of liquid air is applied to the
skin the part is frozen as hard as Ice bvt
In a few minutes circulation returns with-
out injury to the tissue, providing the
part is not at some extremity.
Gulllers Thanksgiving mince pie. icecream
905 Larkin St.. phone East 19«. •
Many causw Induce »rty hair, but Parkor't
Hair Balsam brings back th» youthful color.
Hlndercoms. the best cure for corns. 15 ct».
AN OPPORTUNITT.-Take advantage of th«
round-trip steamer tickets, only $33 during No-
vember, including- fifteen days' board at Hotal
del Coronado. the ideal summer and winter r»-
¦ort. Apply at 4 New Montgomery St.. city.
Opportunity for a rlsit to the National Capi-
tal is afforded by tickets via Washington at
sara 9 fares as apply over direct Pennsylranla
Line to Philadelphia and New Tork. An ad-
ditional stopover of ten day* at Philadelphia
is granted on tickets to Naw Tork whsther
they read rla Washington or direct For fur-
ther Information apply to A. 8. J. Holt. Paciflo
Cofist A Kent, SO Montgomery st.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
An Eastern Trip -via. Washington.
The leader of the Marine Band at Wash-
ington. D. C. pets $1500 a year and th»
first and second class musicians $so and
$50 a month, respectively. They ar© al-
lowed ration money In all cases.
Special Information rupplled daily to
bostnena house* and paMio man by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Moat*
eomery st. Telephone Main 1MX *
CaL place fruit 50e per R> at Townsead'a.*THAT scandal Is rife in the af
fairs of the City and County
Hospital Is being demonstrated
beyond a doubt in the investiga
tion begun yesterday by the
Board of Health into the charges pre
! ferred by Superintendent Gustave E.
ISussdorff against Commissary Joseph W.
Magulre that the latter had watered the
milk used in the institution. Maguire was
suspended from duty as a result of the
accusation by Dr.. Sussdorff, who there
upon requested the board to confirm his
action. The trouble is the direct result
of the belated discovery made by Chair
man d'Ancona of the Supervisors' Health
and Hospital Committee that the poorest
kind of milk was being served to the un
fortunate sick in the City and County
Hospital.
While the inquiry is being directed by
the Hospital Committee, of which Dr.
Bazet is chairman, with a view of get
ting at the truth of the charges made
against Maguire, the proceedings develop
| f-il the interesting fact that Dr. Sussdorff
I was as much on trial as Maguire. Inter
esting details of Sussdorff's peculiar ac
tions in connection with the administra
tion of the hospital were brought to light
which make it appear as though a "go
as-you-please" policy prevails In the in
stitution and that it is not being con
ducted for the best interests of the pa
tients. , ,
The Inquiry began with the submission
of three affidavits signed by Teter Teys
eier, D. Richards and Louis Loo, em
ployes of the hospital, who agreed In
the presence of T. Maher, as witness, that
each would be willing to swear that he
had been ordered to water the milk by
j Maguire before it was served to the pa
1 Superintendent Sussdorff was then
placed on the stand and subjected to a
deal of uncomfortable cross-questioning
by Matt Sullivan, who acted as 1 Maguire s,
' attorney, regarding his methods of com
1 pelllng the subordinates in the hospital to
minister to his creature comforts. Suss
dorff old not admit any of the accusations
but Sullivan succeeded in causing him to
squirm about uneasily in his chair. Sulli
van said his Intention was to show that
there was animus in the charges brought
by Sussdorff against Maguire and the lat
ter's consequent suspension.
"Is It not a fact?" asked Sullivan, . that
Maguire positively refused to indorse a
bill for $45 which was expended for three
pairs of fancy blankets to be used by your
family?"
Sussdorff evaded this question by say-
Ing that he had obtained permission from
the Board of Health to purchase the
blankets without the commissary's knowl
edge, thus making his own superior offi
cers parties to the irregular proceeding.
Again Sullivan demonstrated that the
coachman employed at the hospital had
been frequently engaged in driving Suss
dorff to visit his private patients during
hours when he should have been attending
to his duties as hospital superintendent.
Sussdorff said, however, that he had no
private patients at present.
Sullivan asked Sussdorff if the hospital
cook had been ordered on several occa
sions to climb trees and secure young
The Retail Grocers* Association will
tender a banquet to-morrow evening • to
Eugene McCoy, B. A. Schmidt and Mar
tin Meyer, who represented the organiza
tion at the Grocers' Congress at the Paris
Exposition. A number of delegates to
the Grocers' State Convention j will at
tend the banquet.
Grocers Will Give a Banquet.
Judge Coffey : has taken up the hearing
of the charges preferred by Ellen Radl
slch, a8 guardian of George Mascarlch,
against John Clecnk and John L.. Rado
vich, executors of the will of the late
Anna Herzo. Mrs. Hadisich alleges that
the executors have failed to Include valu
able properties belonging to the estate in
their inventory for the : purpose of de
frauding the estate. Stte asks j that they
be forced to furnish a bond if permitted
to retain control of the estate, but asks
that the court suspend their powers and
appoint other executors. , Some testimony
wai taken, -but owing to the absence , of
Important witnesses a continuance was
ordered.
Executors on the Defensive."
that you want one or more packs of the new
¦erl*B of Anheuser-Busch's Army and Navy
pla-lng cards, just issued. Full size, highest
quality, gilt 'edges, leatherette , case. U. 8.
Army and Navy heroes appear on all face
cards. We mall them prepaid on receipt of 2b
cents, money or stamps. Malt-Nutrine Dept.,
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ase'n, St. Louis, Mo.
It's a Cinch
1 Another set of claims which will be re
ferred to Congress are those arising from
the detention and isolation' of Japanese
subjects in connection with the bubonic
plague last summer In San Francisco, and
the claims of Japanese citizens for dam
ages sustained through the action of the
Hawaiian authorities.
The contention that the subsidy in the
last cafe and the monopoly of the Eastern
Extension Company having been legahy
obtained must be continued was recog
nized as a very important one and was re
ferred to the Attorney General. His de
cision was to the effect that these claims
were not based on a contract right. But
he also held that both the cable and the
railway company had good, equitably
claims. It Is possible that the subsidy
may be paid temporarily from the reve
nues collected from the islands them
selves, but it Is the intention to refer the
whole subject to Congress in order that It
may do justice to the companies. J There
has been a good deal of correspondence
on this subject, and the British authorities
are earnestly supporting the claims of
their citizens.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— The President
will submit to Congress at the approach
ing session the claims for Indemnification
and for other substantial recompense of
the British cable corporation which suf
fered as a result of the American occupa
tion of the Philippines. The corporation
claims damages for the Interruption of
their cable business by the American
forces. This claim was reduced to a very
low figure, but was disallowed. The East
ern Extension Company claims that it has
a franchise from the Spanish Government
obtained before the war, granting it a mo
nopoly of cable business throughout the
Philippines, and that this monopoly has
been invaded by the action of the Unltoi
States Government.
1 At the same time the Manila-Dagupan
Railroad Company, the only railroad m
the Philippines, sets up a claim, first, for
just compensation for the use of Its prop
erty by the United States, and, second, for
the continuance of an annual subsidy of
£4500 guaranteed by the Spanish Govern
ment by the Philippines revenues.
Demands of Railway and
Cable Companies in the
Philippines.
LARGE CLAIMS
FOR INDEMNITY
Frederick V. Haberly, clerk for William
Walters, grocer, on the corner of Califor
nia and Devlsadero streets, was found
lying dead on the floor of the bathroom at
the residence, li>27 Green street, early yes
terday morning. The key of the gas burn
er was turned on to its full extent and the
room was full of the poisonous fluid. Hab
erly had taken off his hat, coat and shoes
and left them in his bedroom. He was a
natrve of Vallejo, unmarried and 24 years
old.
George W. Haberly, postofllce clerk and
a brother of the victim, was inclined to
be reticent about the affair when ques
tioned by Deputy Coroner McCormlck. He
said that his brother had very long work-
Ing hours and was consequently very
drowsy in the evenings. Frederick was
not a drinking man, and did not exhibit
•ny algns of liquor when he came home
on Monday evening. He lay on his bed
with his clothes on and fell asleep, and
was awakened by his brother at about 10
p. m. He went into the kitchen and fell
asleep again. At 10:30 he was once more
awakened by his brother George and ad
vised to go to bed. Frederick lighted the
gas in the kitchen and went into the bath
room, and George retired. At 6:45 o'clock*
yesterday morning he entered the bath
room and found Frederick dead.
William Haberly, another brother of the
dead man, called at the Coroner's office
yesterday afternoon and explained that
Frederick was a somnambulist, and that
he was probably walking In his sleep
when he turned on tho gas without light
ing it.
Sudden Ending of Frederick
Haberly After Hard
Day's Work.
LYING DEAD IN
A BATHROOM
birds, some of which had been served ud
at the superintendent's dinner table in the
cook's best style, but the superintendent
replied in the negative. It developed that
Maguire had interposed vigorous objec
tions to thit= practice for humane reasons.
Similar motives impelled Maguire to re
monstrate with Sussdorff for setting his
bulldog on the hospital cats. This pro
ceeding caused an uproar one day near
the maternity ward that seeminKly dis
turbed the peace of the patients.
Sussdorff created some amusement when
he finally admitted that the cook had
provided two or three gparrows for hia
epicurean taste, but that he was sadly
disappointed in the dish.
To a question of Dr. Bazet Sussdorff said
that he had not accused Magulre of wa
tering the milk before suspending him.
"But," asked Bazet, "do you not recol
lect having told Dr. Buckley and myself
that Mapuire had admitted to you that he
had adulterated the milk?"
Dr. Buckley came to the rescue of Suss
dorff, who was nonplused for a moment,
by stating that it was possible that the
superintendent had said that some one
else had informed him that Magulre had
confessed to Catering the milk.
Sussdorff admitted that D. Richards,
who had filed the" unverified affidavit that
he had been given orders by Maguire to
water the milk, was a former patient, but
was maintained in the hospital at the
city's expense. Also that Magurre had
objected to his presence on the ground
that It was an imposition on the city to
provide for his wants.
Sussdorf would not admit that it was
the practice of stewards under former ad
ministrations to ekim the cream off the
milk, which was served to the hospital
ofllelals while the Pklmmed milk went to
the patients. He thought that under
Magulre's supervision he had noticed an
improvement in the milk, and admitted
that the expenses in the commissary de
partment under Maguire's regime had
been reduced.
The investigation was resumed In the
evening, the first witness being Chemist
Green, who testified to the correctness of
his analyses of various samples of milk
submitted to him by Dr. D'Ancona which
had been taken from the hands of pa
tients and pronounced bv him to be of a
poor quality. Green testified that two
of the samples were undoubtedly watered
milk.
Sussdorf was called for cross-examina
tion, and was asked by Dr. McCarthy if
he desired to have counsel: Sussdorff said
he had no need of counsel as a witness.
"I see Mr. Samuel Shortridge In the
room." said McCarthy, "and I under
stand he is here as your counsel."
'"I am here as Dr. Sussdorff's friend,"
said Shortridge. "but if he needs me in a
legal capacity I will represent him."
Louis Loo, the head cook of the hospital,
who signed one of the statements that
Maguire had watered the milk, stated
that five months ago he had caught Ma
guire putting water in the milk. Loo said
he told Magulre he would get into trou
ble. Loo said he had never received or
ders from Maguire to water the milk, but
he had found milk in his kitchen at least
one-third of which was water. Sullivan
drew from Loo that he had never heard
Maguire give orders to water the milk,
but when shown his signed statement that
he would swear that he had (which state
ment was produced in evidence by Suss
dorff) he replied that he had heard
Teyssier say that Maguire had watered
the milk. Loo denied that Maguire had
ever complained of the filth in his kitchen
or that tuberculosis patients had been al
lowed to work in the vegetable room.
Peter Teyssier. the vegetable man, tes
tified that Maguire had shown him how
to put water in the milk so as to increase
the number of cans supplied to the hos
pital. This practice had been going on
every day for about ten months and was
only stopped by Maguire when Dr. d'An
cona's discovery of the diluted milk was
published in the newspapers.
The investigation will be resumed this
evening.
"We wish to show that there is a con
spiracy en foot to blacken the most hon
orable commissary that the hospital has
ever had," said Sullivan. "If we can show
malice on Mr. Sussdorff's part nothing
that he can say will hurt Magulre's repu
tation."
Sussdorff was forced to admit, after
much persuasion by Sullivan, that he re
garded Magulre as an honest official and
his administration had been economical
in many respects. " Sussdorff denied that
Magulre had suggested anv reforms, par
ticularly as to the necessity for an In
spection of the hospital. •
Sussdorff then objected to the line of
Sullivan's questioning and was sustained
by Dr. Bazet, who held that the questions
were direct reflections on the Board of
Health. Sullivan denied that he Intended
to impugn the motives of the board.
"It seems to me." said Bazet, "that we
are only concerned here with ascertaining
who watered the milk. It is certain that
it came to the institution in standard
form and was then adulterated Jn the in
stitution."
Sussdorff would not admit that there
was any unfriendly feeling between him
self and Maguire. Dr. Bazet objected to
a question put by Sullivan as to whether
Sussdorff had inspected the hospital reg
ularly, on the ground that such a matter
was under the Board of Health's jurisdic
tion. Sullivan replied that the object of
the cross-examination was to demonstrate
Sussdorff's malicious feeling against Ma
guire. ¦
It may be added, though, that this
limitation to the rule has caused no little
dispute. A man Is Injured by the giving
way of a floor. He did not know that it
was defective and had no reason for sup
posing It was unsafe, but the employer
knew of Its condition. In such a case he
can recover. Suppose the defects in the
floor were apparent to persons who went
over It. he could perhaps say he did not
know, but he could not say that he ought
not to have known, for others knew who
were In the way of going there llke-him
self: In one of the cases an employe was
Injured by the kick of a horse owned by
the company he was serving as hostler.
The evidence clearly showed that he
knew of the horse's vicious habits. "She
had kicked others," said the court, "and
her reputation was well known to the
persons employed in the stables, and they
were warned to guard against being in
jured by her. * • * No duty was Im
posed on the company to inform him of
what he so well knew, nor to forbid his
grooming the mare. He voluntarily as
sumed the risk and continued to expose
himself to a well known danger." His
employer therefore was not liable for the
Injury. It mattered not that his master
knew of the vicious habits of the>mare.
The employe also knew, 'or ought to have
known, and so he had no right to recover
anything from his employer.
If ,he could recover In such eases after
showing that he had no actual knowledge
of the risk from which he was Injured, the
temptation would be strong In the case of |
In stating this rule one clause or fact
must not be overlooked— the employe must
know the real condition of the appliance
or machine as fully as his employer. If
he did not ktaow, then the master's liabil
ity is quite another thing. Let us, then,
keep clearly In mind this . important
feature of the rule, that the employe
knows or ought to know Just what the ap
pliance or hazardous place is. What do
we mean by "ought to know"? That the
risk is so obvious that by the use of his
ordinary senses he can see it and under-
Etand It. If a workman were employed
to work on a well lighted floor that had
a large hole in the center and his work
was of such a nature that he could see It
if he kept his eyes open, he could hardly
sue his employer for his failure to step
over it, because he must have known
from the most ordinary experience that
no one can walk on air, however Light he
may be either in body or mind.
The reader may now ask the question,
what has become of the rule reo.uiring
employers to exercise ordinary care in em
ploying servants, appliances, etc? The
answer Is, it is and may be set aside
whenever employers and employes seo
fit to do so. In other words, It is not a
positive rule that must be kept in every
case. If an employer wishes to do other
wise, use tools, for example, that are not
suitable, and can find men who for the
sake of .employment or perhaps for the
tempting offer of higher wages are willing
to take the risk, they can bo used without
subjecting the employer to the charge of
negligence, which is always the founda
tion of an action against him by his em
ploye. If he is not guilty of this, he is
not liable, and he is regarded not guilty
when he agrees with an employe that the
latter is to run a machine or use a tool
or work in a dangerous mine or powder
mill, when he understands the risk as ful
ly as the employer himself. In all cases
of this kind— and they are very numerous
—the employe assumes the new or unus
ual risks himself.
Employes Must Know What They
Are Using.
The Rule Requiring the Use of Safe
Appliances May Be Set Aside.
Yet all can see the danger of an abuse
of this principle, and no doubt it is
abused every day. Workmen take risks
that ought not to be taken by them; em
ployers use machinery that ought to be
taken out and sold for old iron. Some
countries and states have statutes relating
to this subject, inspectors to visit mills
and insist on the use of safe appliances,
the boxing of machinery, the covering of
belts, eo as to prevent accidents. Such
iegulations and inspection have a good
purpose, but where they do not exist let
us repeat that employers and enr-ployes
may make contracts for using almost any
kind cf appliances and machinery, the
nature of which is known to them, with
out violating the law. The only limit is
the use. of a machine or appliance that
would be regarded as a reckless exposure
of life. A contract to do this would bo
void, and if either party were so inclined
he could decline to fulfill it.
Again, a machine or appliance may De
positively defective when an employe be
gins to use it. and yet his employer may
not be regarded as negligent in having it
used if the employe knew or had reason
to know' of its true condition. This prin
ciple is founded on several reasons. First,
an employer has the right to use his own
in any manner he pleases not contrary to
law. If he erects a mill he is not obliged
to keep it in operation; he can close it
when he pleases. So, too. if the machinery
becomes old, out of date, and even dan
gerous to run, he Is not obliged to take it
out and put in new; he can continue to
use it if he be so minded. The essential
thing for him to do is to be assured that
his operatives understand the added dan
ger wrought by time and use. If. as the
courts say, they do know, or ought by
using ordinary precaution or care to have
known the danger, it may be used with
out transferring the new or greater risk
to the employer.
Second, the courts do not consider that
an employe has done anything contrary
to law or public policy in agreeing to
operate a machine that is defective. No
deceit has been practiced on him, and he
cannot blame- his employer. He under
stands the nature of the risk quite as well
as his foreman or any one else. He acts
with his eyes wide open, and the law gives
him the fullest liberty to do so. Further
more, he would doubtless complain if the
law were otherwise and he were forbidden
to use only appliances or machines of a
prescribed make or pattern.
Danger of Using a Defective Appli
ance.
\A hat is ordinary care is a question of
fact, and therefore can be fully answered
only whenever a case happens. Yet some
partial answers have been given to the
question that are worth considering. For
example, an employer is not required to
use the newest or safest machinery. Says
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania:
"Some t-mployements are essentially haz
ardous, and It by no means follows that
an employer is l'able because a particular
accident might have been prevented by
some special device or. precaution not in
common use." The case in which this
principle was applied grew out of an ac
cident from using broad gauge cars on a
narrow gauge track. It was proved thai
the railroad company often drew such
cars on Its track, though they were not as
safe as narrower ones. But the court de
clared that this was a proper business;
that the company was not limited, when
operating Its road, to cars of the safest
kind; it could use others less safe if de
sired. There was, however, a f ule or limit
beyond which it could not go without be
coming negligent, and what was that?
"The ordinary usage of business." This
is the test that must be applied. "No
man," said the court, "is held to a higher
degree of skill than the fair average of
his trade or profession, and the standard
of due care is the conduct of the average
prudent man." There may be a better or
less dangerous way, so the court added,
but no jury can be permitted to say that
to use the usual and ordinary way, com
monly adopted by those in the same busi
ness, is negligence.
The question still remains to be dicided
in every case, was the machine, appliance,
car or other thing used that caused the
accident in common use? If so, the em
ployer has complied with the law ana
therefore is not regarded as negligent
when an accident has happened from
using it.
When a Defective Appliance May Be
Used.
As we have seen, an employer must use
ordinary care in employing his servants
and provide them with suitable or proper
tools, machinery, places for work, assist
ance and instruction or regulations. Hav
ing done this, they assume the ordinary
risks of their employment.
TJse of Newest or Safest Machinery.
Answers.
47. Thomas Paine. 48. Pope. 43. Callgrula.
50. Bonaparte. 51. Nelson's. 52. Oliver
Cromwell. 53. Oliver Wendell Holmes. 54.
Pope. 55. LT. S. Grant. S8. St. Thomas
Aquinas. 57. Lincoln. 5S. Wesley.
59 The poems of what author wer«
burled for ten years in his wife's coffin "*
..£!: mode r n writer is known as
"The Dickens of the Ghetto"?
Bl. What great painter was called "The
Shakespeare, of the Outer Man"?
62. Who was "The Nun of Kenmare"*
63. What Presfdent of the United States
served as a lad In the revolutionary war?
64. Whom did Byron satirize as "Fum
the Fourth"?
65. What general In the American revo
lution became Governor of Paris'*
m. What great Russian author was de
scended from a negro?
67. Who were the originals of Dickens*
characters. Harold Skimpole and Law
rence Boy thorn?
68. The character of Daniel Deronda's
mother was based upon the mother of
what English Prime Minister?
S). What victorious commander in an
American war afterward became a rear
admiral In the service of Catherine of
Russia?
70. Who was "Queen Dick"?
HOME STUDY CIRCLE QUERIES.
i,, I^J h K,- case^°/ a 1 tirakeinan w h° was in
jured by a defective brake, the railroad
sequently the injury was caused by hi*
own neshgence. On the other hanrl it was
shewn that he had never seen the brake
before and that he had" but two or thre«
minutes for deciding whether he would
use it and even then he was uncoupling
cars, so that In truth he had no time to
The jury- decided teat he was not negli
gent and had not assumed the risk of
using the defrrtive brake. Paid tho court
|./«' £W . : , ! There is no evidence that h«
hi o£» 'f^T even Paw thls brake until
he attempted tr> u?e it on thi3 occasion
In such circumstances it would not be
proper to yiMt him with the consequence*
of a knowledge of the defect and a volnn".
su?h SZV&lSr- brake »otwlth.t«idln«
One other case of an injury may be
mentioned that happened in Sllnnesota
An employe was injured bv pome cog,
that usually were covered. The cover had
been taken off without his knowledge ex
posing the cor-3 and thus creating a 'new
w1 d - u " us , ual . ri3k - T he employer's defense
was that th© employe was negllepnt in
The '£ t!Cl ?£ th £, of tVeoVi
The jury thoueht otherwise, and 90 did
the Supreme Court. The charge given to
the jury, which was approved by the court
of review, is worth quoting: "Any risks
that are apparent and open to the em-
Ployp^so that he knows them. or. bv th»
exercise of ordinary care and the ordinary
observation which men are suppo«ed to
*^ e lu es * n™""*. may understand, not
only the defects, but the risks, he la ore
sumed to take." v
university of Pennsylvania.
Again, If there are unusual risks that
are known by an employer, but are not
known by his employes, and there is no
reason for their knowing them, then the
employer is responsible for the conse
quence. Thus a workman In Massa
chusetts was Injured by falling through
a defective fioor. He passed over this
Hocr during his daily employment ana
knew that it was decayed, but did noi
know the full extent of its weakness.
1 he court, speaking through Its Chief
Justice, remarked that the Injured man
had some knowledge of the condition of
the floor. "if it was sufficient to put him
on his guard at the time he cannot re
f^* r- »v But tne court also added that
hiHMi«L ? at ir T9 ancl con o"ltlon of the
iSJL , ?* aiM ? of the defect he could not .
fli«^ ?£ h * vln Z examined the parts of tho
ncor that were not exposed to his view.
fta\e been aware {hat there was danger at
w-fv P £°k thro , u 5h which he fell. The only
the * floor , n ° Wn thp real <-™<"tloh of
ml, L as t0 have examined it on the
under side, and this he was not required
ha T^aTn r oV?edin? fi S
a^!'" ri'^^ardln^ U *T hasten
over whffh a w If ,, there hp a hole in a floor
its conditfn^ h s K uard *' d - d he knows
its condition but chooats to pass in tha
dark, he does so at his own risk There
are many employments that are known to
car&on 0 U fn 3 h n 1, f ometi "^ *us"nS Is
chmery and implements tha? a?e, of Thi
same character. In such cases the work
bTlniS V he t^ sk 1 wWch"hiknoK r S>
ness" he pIace and to tno bual "
ari e arert Se th,T,r t numerous in which it
ofthoriJ-^ , e em P io >e was ignorant
hv m« a ? r exisl^ and wa3 known
b> his master. In a most all either th»
employe did know of the risk or it was
S^bvW 03 a^ wo "l d have be^n'foun^
™L y usln * ordinary care. But the law
remains as it always has been In cases
nfn an Uni T. al rlsk not kSown to an ern^
SLt y bv r th VWrh C< -- Uld n , ot have found
«ii *.i y the ex *- rcl -^e of ordinary dllisenc*
"l^ P ar ,V In these the master everv
th*m t>, iab!< i- Of cours *. »n many of
Jm1 m e ques i lon arises. Was the risk an
unusual or ordinary one? and there Is no
?' a ?h°«t Ver , an 2 w t rtnsr thl3 for c *s**
l5onVor f a? n3 by ltSelf - The « lie3 «°^
an Injury to show that he did not know.
So the law goes a step further and says
before he can recover he must show that
he did not know a-nrl that there was no
reason why he should have known. The
question then must always be a double
one: First, did he actually know? If h»
did. then he Is cut off from recovering
anything; second, if he did not know,
ought he to have known? If he hart,
then he is also cut off. Only in thoso
cases in which he did not know and oughi
to have known do the court3 regard his
claim with any favor.
Unusual Risks Known by Employers
but Unknown by Employes.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR UNUSUAL RISKS?
Copyright, 19OO, by Saymour Eaton.
'
LAW LESSONS* E/VAPI-OYeRS AND EMPLOYES.
SCANDAL IS RIFE IN THE
CITY AND COUNTY HOSPITAL
Milk- Watering Matter Develops
Other Subjects for Inquiry.
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 14, 1900.
THE MAN WHOSE EXCEEDING LOVE FOR SMALL BIRDS AND VIOLENT HATRED OF CATS IS BEING
SHOWN IN THE INVESTIGATION OF THE ALLEGED WATERING OF MILK BY COMMISSART JOSEPH
• MAGUIRE AT THE CITY AND COUNTY HOSPITAL.
V.
7
JO Third St, San Francisco.
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
Nowadays critical ale drinkers never think of
ordering Ale or Stout but Evane*. Highest grade
brewing and bottling. Dealers everywhere. •
Country orders solicited. Send for
illustrated catalogue. 1 ¦-: .:
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD ST. San Francisco.
SI.15 Pair
Ladies' fine Tampico Goat and
French Calf Button Shoes.
Seamless Fox — double sole-
fair stitched and narrow square
toe. \
When sizes were complete the
goods sold for $2.50 and $.1.00.
Following are sizes and widths:
B— i% to 1. E— 6 to 9.
C— 2H to 7. KR-2',4, *\i and 6H to ».
D— 3, 3Vi and 6 to 8.
Ladies' Shoes
at Infant Prices
Some reason for it. of course.
Not having a full line of these
goods, we will place on sale at
Just to Try
A KOHLEfc & CHASE
PIANO »* to learn at once why
it is the MOST POPULAR
instrument. This is surelythe
best piano on the market for
the money. Call and see our
new styles. Over ioo instru-
ments to select from.
We give easiest terms.
SAN FRANCISCO.
KOHLER& CHASE,
THE OLD RELIABLE,
26-30 O'FARRELL ST.,
AMUSEMENTS.
MOBOiCO'i GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
MAURICB GRAU OPERA CO.
To-n-ltht at 8 "AIDA"
Nonlua, nauermeister antl Louife Homer:
PcotU. Plancon, Jcumet, MaMero and Imbart
d« la Tour.
<vw4uet»r J?1 R . Manrlnelll
T<vnir>rrow Nicht. •'FAUST'— Melba, Bauer-
rr"~fst<>r. Homer; Paleza, Camriarari. Dufriche
»:i'i Flanoon.
Conductor M. Flon
Friday,. "FLYING DLTTCHMAN'-Gadski.
<">inzka: Dirpel. Blasg, Bars and Bispham.
< '•inductor Mr. Walter Damrosch
Saturday matinee, ¦¦LUCIA L>I LAMMEH-
XJ<*.t!f— Mclba, KauerniPister, Scottl Bars.
Joumrt. Masters and Cremonlnl.
Conductor :....FiK. Mancinelli
Bitnrdajr evening. "LOIIENGRIV-Xordlca
nnd Pchumar.n-Helnk: Van Dyck. Bispham.
Muhlmar.n and Kd. de Ueszke
Oonaactac Mr. Walter Damrosch
.<PECIAL-St;NDAY EV G-POrULAR NIGHT
"ILTROVATOUE"-Xordica. Van Cautercn
find OMzka; Campanari. Journet, Maslero and
DippeL «
r»ri<-es. fl. j;. J3. Performances as complete
in .* :.i find * ">'~v. \ r ; s th^ roci.'n* pub^crix)*
Uoa r.i£ht«=.
NEXT WEKK.
Monday. "La nOHEMK "-Melba. Fritz!
fc-rh^ff; crernenini. Campanari. GSllibert.Tournet.
« ov.iw-'.^r p . Man.itiflll
Tuesday. "DON GIOVANNI"— Nordics. Fritil
J-cneO ar.d fJad^ki; n<l. de P.eszkp,
r:ni '"rrsi. Journrt and Seoul.
Conductor Si*. Mancinelli
TWdnesday. "F.njlEO F.T JULIETTE" -Mel-
b«. Bridewell. Bauc rm<<is:er; Kd. <l* rjfyzke,
Plari'-on. Bars. Siz-*, Gillibert and Paleza,
' "nauct^r Si B . Manctnelll
Thursday. •TANNHArSEH'-Gadfkl. Olitz-
K8 mii Fusan Strong; Van Dyck. H'.as*, Bars.
HSbteoet. Muhln.ann and David Bisphaai.
• '^nductor Mr. Walter Damrosch
Friday. -'GLI T'GONITTI"— Nordica, OUtza.
Fa««rai«i««-. Van Cautfren antl Suzanne
>dams; D!j>rel. Tianccn. Pccttl, Bars and EJ.
Ce Re«ke.
Contactor M. Flon
Saturday raatir.ee. "LOHENGRIN '—Gadski
fJW SrhumannlWnk; Van Dyck. Bispham.
Huh'.rr.ann and B;af=s.
o.ncuctor Mr. Walter Parr.rosch
Saturday evenir.jr. rFXVET'— lfelba, Bauer- !
jneieter cr.J Homer; Paleza, Campanari.
3>urrtche ar.d Ed. de Re*zk.e.
Cr nductor M. Flon
Srzts for r.»xt wrek r*>ady to-day. Prices. ;
V. to f7. General admission, tZ.
WISBKB PIANO FSF.D.
MATINEE TO-DAT (WED.) NOV. 14.
FErquet. t!>c. ar.y «*>at; balcony, 10c; children, j
10c any x>art. except reserved.
HEW SHOW! NEW PEOPLE!!
_____
ANNA BOYD, MB. AND MRS. DAN i
HIATT, W3SJL J. HYNES. THE
DTJITHAM FAMILY, JES-
SIE COUTHOUI.
KORAH BATE?, FRELLE'S TALKING
DOGS. DOLAN AND LENHARR.
*T! VQLi*
LAST WEEK OF GRAND OPERA.
to-night: to-night: to-night:
"ERNANI."
FriitT ETtcin*. "CAVALLERIA." tad 'PlOLIACCr'
£»iBre»- ivrzing, "OTHELLO."
6cn«»y Nig it "CARMEN."
Thursday Ni&ht. Saturday Matinee,
"MIGNON."
COLLAMAK1XI AS MIGNON.
NEXT MONDAY— Gala rrer.ir.g cf the Comic
Opera Season.
Stur>en<3?u!" Scenic Production of
"THE JOLLY MUSKETEER."
POPULAR TRICES 25c and K>c
M * > A*\8 B I tkJ3 !?& B & At
A GRBAT BIG HIT!
Ann thst'e no Idle dream*
FRANK DANIELS
Ae1 Hi* Ertir* N>«- Vork Company in Hie
Latest Corr.lc Ox>*ra Succ**e.
THE AMEER
Music by Victor Herbert.
EVERT NIGHT. INfLFPING SVNDAT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CROWDED BOUBES AT EVERT PERFORM-
ANCE.
T>.« B'.g Musical Rrieation of Two Continent*.
THE BOViL MABINE BAND OF ITALY
TO-XIGHTB PROGRAMME:
1. Marrh. "Jteyal Marine" Minollti
2. «"»\«>rtur»». "William Tell" Rossini
3. Haryi *«]» iw»)ected> Sii?. Petaro
« "Oil Tafftr}' I>ance" Bofr^ottl
5. "Maritana" 'jjrajid s*>!^ctlon) Wallace
Mo« by Slgnori Di Girolamo and De Tltta.
IL
f. Msrch. •"Columbus" Creatore-D' Andrea
'. TfnT rn\<3 <ee!ect»^l> Silt. Gianninl j
f. "T>anr.a EFOti«~a men) Mapcagni
t. America Fantas-ie Victor Herbert
Vtual Popular Price— T5c. 50c, CSc
/fHEATRE^A>
v*!L, A CVCL0NE 0F FDN!
ht His Absent
Balance of RoV J
Week, *
»it Week— Aururtin Daly'* Charming Comedy
THE RAILROAD OF LOVE!
ALF ELLINGHOI-PE..Frn r rirtnr and Manager
PHONE SOUTH 770.
ANOTHER BLAZE OF GLORT
6UCCEFS FOLLOWS 6CCCESS!
Every Evening; This Week.
: TO OUR I-ADV PATRONS: DON T :
: MISS THIS SATURDAY MATINEE! :
Eperlal Attraction Offered.
The PoDular Comedian
. FRANK TANNEHILL
And His Excellent Company in the Great
KaMcrn Success
"A YOUNG WIFE!"
A TRFLT GREAT PERFORMANCE!
Everybody'* Verdict— Youns and Old.
Ev»cin«t ..15c. 25c, 28c. 60e and 75c
Matlnw ISr. ?Sc. 35c and 60c
Next Sunday Afternoon— The World-Beater.
KOrrS "A STRANGER IN NEW YOttK."
Firft Time Exer at Popular Prlcea
RACING ! RACING ! RACING !
iaOA_VTTNTER MEETING— 190L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.*
NOV SD TO NOV. 17TH. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Raclnr Monday, Tuesday. Wedneeday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or thine.
Five or more race* each day.
Races rtart at 2:15 p. ra- ebarp.
Ferry-boatt leave Ban FrancUco at 11 m. and
:i:»0, 1. 1:30, 2. 2:20 and 3 p. m.. connecting
vith train* etoppln* at the entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
la£iee and their escorts; no smoklnr. Buy your
ferry tickets to Ehell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
lend. AUo all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars, at Fourteenth
• r.d Eroadway. Oakland. These electric cars
Co direct to the track in fifteen minute*.
Return! r.g— Trains leave the track at 4:1S and
i 4f p m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
FTOpLrrD'C CONCERT HOUSE.
Faccl. Puerari, Allesandronl. Irene and
B*atrtce. Harry Walton, the Morrlsee. Claire
Fex and *«<:ond act of "Traviata."
»*«rrved tts.it, 25c. aia.un.ee Eundar.
WARNER'S REMEDIES.
; SeattI*, Vain., Feb. 21, J900,
I have suffered for years with liver
1 complaint, causing me severe pains
at times. No medicine I tried seemed
j to help me until I tried Warner's Safe
Curej it helped me wonderfully and
' I tka.uk it for being a well man to-
j j day. My recovery was slow but
1 sure, but I never felt better or stronger
1 in my life than I do now, thanks to
1 this splendid remedy.
G. RHEINLANDER,
President Sons of Hermann, Seattle,
Wash.
Treasurer Seattle Turnverein, Seattle,
Vash.
! 1 ¦ ¦ ¦
I — —
iYo.i 1 an finJ out what £
"KO-NUT" is by asking ;
yoi-rgocer. ' C
Hf and every one else who ¦
> has tried r, knows that \
j j :
I a A Steri ized Cccoanut Fat J
I For Shortening |
i and Frying, |
i 3 Iuhe B.-st Material made. I
p India Refining Co., I
6 Philadelphia. |
FREE
There ar* thousands of people who should
have mtdical edvlce. To meet, this need Prof.
Munjor. h?.s oj>ened the largest and best- {
equipped medical establishment In the world, j
Expert r>hy«lciar.s from leading colleges are
there to eive examinations and advice abso-
lutely FTtKK. They are not allowed to make
I «nv rhargea for telling you the purest and
] quickest way to get well. You have but to
i wrile full particulars of your case to Prof.
I Munycn, Broadway ar.d 26th St.. New York.
Muajrca's remedies at all druggists.
Among 1 the many dyspepsia
cures offered, none lias more
merit than
WHITE COTTOLEXE.
which removes the cause oil
the trouble. •
"t>e "WHITE COTTOLKXE fn place of lard I
or <.w>klne butter— and ENJOY PASTRY and i
HOT HIPCriTg."
H^ The N.KJalrbank Company. !
/ <fc__^gj^[*£ • ChJoajco — &o.« Manufacturers." ;
¦^^^^5s/FRZE!°" r dainty booJc'et.
iSlSlr^SaS * V *~ C - * - A Public Secret?
Wg&Z&fr^itfFt malIf * <1 f rP * to any adrtrf««. For
2?#'^-*i?f*&' on e*<-*tjiEip »¦•> will wnd fre* our
«r*£2-t#?!ci?J5" 1? *' P**'" recii«e book. -Homo
He!p.-. ' edited by Mrs. Rarer.
Avis;? OR. JORDAN'S great A
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
X tif The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
a a^fflnd^^ Wofid. or any comraded A
¦ ~-£i/j?j£SS <)i»r»sr pcil«l»rly cutadtjythe oUieit Jf
S> IK Ol fcpctJUlMcttth<.Coa»i Eit-3«yoir4. Q
$ 8?£?4 08- «QSDAr*-?J»lViTE DISEASES 4
'¦ i* E Z»WE ' r r»i-m"t P"rsor.£.l!y M by lftttr. A I
7 jjj <f BB fyttJtnt Cm iu e*erjr case undertaken. '
A T 'I 11& Writcfor Hook. PSIH.OSOPnVcf t 1
"if il . MAKaiAGE. MAILED FREB. (AT
X A £J. *tluable beck for mraj
! ' DB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market BU.S. FJ '
After-Theater Refreshments.
Th* completeness of the arrangement*
made for your entertainment In the Sup-
per Room can be estimated when it 1b
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are In
evidence here. Deliehtful music, prompt
service, moderate charges. Open every
evening (Sundays excepted) from 9:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from the court and
main office.
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
HalificES
IpF FAVORITE
SL FOB WEAK WOMEN.
£3a CMICH ESTER'S ENGLISH
PE8HVR0YAI PILLS
M »<V\ Original nn<l On1«- Gcaulne.
£JtJP$8L tat CHICH ESTER'S ENGLISH
frV^rP^kiB Km «r1 Gold met»;iie heifs. MtlM
T^ i~-W* wltn*si>« ribbon. Takenoather. Krfu.o
I 7 "" flT tloa*. Hmj of yoar Dro«i«. or Mad 4e- lo
I >T *& ' t »™£"_ f# . r . P»rtfenlan», Testimonial!
VV ff Md ''Relief for Ladle*," in lr uer.hr r*.
v if t arm Mall. Kl.OttO Txtimoiiiilt. SnM b»
MeaCca tali paptr. Ka<lt**a l>«u«rt, I'll! LA., 1".C
<£j>«a3r INJECTION. I
!; A PERMANENT CURE |
I 1 of the most obstinate caws of Gonorrhoea a | j
7 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
1 1 days ; no other treatment required. $
1 ; * gold by all drn&rieta. ]»
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES ANDZOO.^Eml.;. 1 '
HUNT'S DOG CIRCUS.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
THE CONGO FA.MILT.
TO-MORROW KIGHT— THE AMATEUR8.
And a LADIES' BILL. POSTING CONTEST.
Telephone (cr teats-Park tk -
1 W £| ItExchange and Bullion.
Chicago Grain Market.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 13. 5 p.m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last reason, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last ! This Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours) Season. Season.
J^ureka »-25 8.49
Jled BluST 3.71 4.85
Sacramento 1.78 6.82
San Francisco 2.12 6.44
Fresno .4S 2.42
Independence -.... .«2 : .VI
Fan Luis Oblspo i.6» 4.38
¦ Los Anprlee .11 1.60
fian Plpgn .28 j .42'
Han Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
72: minimum. IS: mean. €s.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
> FORECAST.
Th<» ar*a nf high pressure over the Rocky
Mour.ta'.n repion is moving rapidly eastward.
r>urinK the part twelve hours the pressure has
1 Js'len at»out two-tenths of an Inch over North
ern . Wrphingtcn and Vancouver Island. \ The
c-ndltlor.F ere no longer favorable for settled
fair wrathf-r.
The temperature h*» fallen along the coast
rff California, except at Eureka, where it Btill
.cntinurs warm. In the ereat valleys of Cali
fornia the temperatures are from 12 to IS de
; -. > : warmer than usual.
A - No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tain* during the last twenty-four hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
J.'nirr. ending midnight. November 14, 1900:
fCorth«-rn California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Wednesdijy, with light rain In northern por
tion; aooitr: fresh southeasterly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy; cooler Wednes
i-y ¦ lteht southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy; cooler Wednesday.
Utah— Cloudy; cooler Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
K*n Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
**.»-; cotrfiticni! favorable for light rain; cooler;
: t. ¦ *-.•!• :,>i winds.
EiM ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.— FLOUR-Recelpts.
31,110 barrels; exports, 6750 barrels; sales, 18,800
packages. Market less active and weaker to
sell, but held nominally at old prices.
WHEAT— Receipt*, ; 74,000 bushels; exports,
112,474 bushels; sales," 4,610,000 bushels futures,
80,000 bushels spot. Spot— No. 2 red. 79%c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, 77^c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 84c- f. o. b. afloat. Options—Ex
perienced decided weakness from start to finish
to-day. Realizing, liquidation and short sell
ing all contributed to nromote depression, be
ing Inspired by bearish Liverpool cables, bet
ter Argentine weather news, a heavy Increase in
world's stocks and much disappointment over
the lack of new outside supporters; closed weak
at %ft%c net decline. Sales included: No. 2 red
March, 81%@82%c, closed Rl%c; May. 81%@82>4c,
closed SIHc; November closed 77%c; December,
78 9-16ig79%c. closed 78Hc.
HOI'S— Quiet. State, common to choice. 1899
crop. 10^130; old olds, 2@5c; 1900 crop, 16@20Uc
Pacific Coaf.t. 1*99 crop, 10@13c; old olds, 235c:
1900 crop. 15(j?19c.
HIDF.S— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet. '
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, steady; mild, quiet;
Cordova. S'/s'^lS^c. Futures— Closed steady,
with prices net -unchanged to 6 points higher.
Total sales, 15.250 bags, including: December,
J6 S0J76 85; January. $6 85; February. $6 95;
March, $7; May, $7 10; July, $7 15; September.
J7 20.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3%c
BUTTER — Receipts. 7132 packages; firm.
Creamery. 16^<g2ac; June creamery, 17@22c;
factory. 13S15',4c. ' —
EGGS— Receipts, 15,288 packages; firm. West
ern regular packing, at mark, I9@24c; Western,
loss off, rcc.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market' for
evaporated apples continues quiet. State com
mon were quoted at 4 / ff5c; prime, 4%(5'5 1 ic;
choice. 5%@6c; fancy. 6^6%c.
"California dried fruits were Inactive.
PRUNES— Were quoted at 3«4@8%c per pound,
as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14c: Moorpark. 15@16c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16S20c; unpeeled, 6®9c.
[fnflny ¦_ ¦ • /
CORN— Spot quiet; American mixed, new. 4s
Id. Futures, quiet: November, 4s %d: Decem
ber, 4s %d; January. 3s 10%d.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 13.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s 4d; wheat In Paris,
strong; flour In Paris, strong: French country
markets, firm; weather In England, rain.
COTTON— Uplands, EUd.
, "WHEAT— Steady: No. 2 red. Western winter,
6s %d : No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 4d ; No. 1
California, 6s 4d. Futures easy; December. 6s
%d: March, 6s l*id.
LONDON. Nov. 13.— Consols, SS%; silver,
29 ll-16d; French rentes, lOOf E2c*. cargoes on
passage, firm but not active; cargoes No. 1.
standard California, 31s 6d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 29s 7%d. .
TACOMA, Nov. 13.— The wheat market was
steady and unchanged. Blue Stem, 58c: Club,
65c.
• Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, Nov. 13.— In the local wheat
market there was plenty of wheat offering at
the prices which prevailed the day previous,
and at least one lot of 50.000 bushels of Walla
Walla was sold at better than 65c before the
Eastern and foreign markets struck' bottom for
the day. Later, however. 55c was an outside
quotation.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 13.— Clearings, $461,
251; balances, $45,217.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— The cotton market
opened steady with • prices unchanged to 6
points lower. There- was a further decline of
10@14 points and then a sharp rally. Later,
however, local conditions became more ener
getic. Prices went up 10^12 points from the
lowest figures of the afternoon. Futures closed
steady at a net decline of 7"310 points.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.— Tin In the local mar
ket for metals was steady to-day. Opening
lower under disappointing cables, lt finally
rallied on smaller offerings and closed nrm at
127 70027 75. Spelter was also firmer, prompted
by a bettor Inquiry, and closed firm at S4 203
4 25. .Pigiron warrants were quiet at $9^10.
I#ake copper was quiet nt J16 75©17. Lead ruled
dull at $4 37V&- The brokers' price for lead was
54 and for copper $16 87H ! S > 17.
New York Metal Market.
BOSTON. Nov. 13.— With the exception of last
week the sales of the wool market Iism this
week were the largest In many months. Deal
ers are firm In their demands for the market
prices and some are holding for an advance.
Territory wool was the leading feature of the
sales. Fine medium and fine scoured staple
are quoted at 47@4Sc. while for strictly staple
article 50c is asked. Fleece wools are moving
slowly with prices firm. Following are quo
tations for leading descriptions: Territory,
scoured basis: Montana and Wyoming— Fine
medium and fine. 17@18c; scoii»-ed. 47@4Sc; sta
ple, 50c. Utah — Fine medium and fine. 16®17c;
scoured, 47(9-isc; staple, 50c. Idaho — Fine me
dium and fine, 15©16c; scoured, 47@4Sc; staple.
60c. Australian, scoured basts, spot prices—
Combing superfine, nominal, 73(3 75c; good, 65J0
70c; average. 62® 67c.
Boston Wool Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts. 6S00,
Including 300 Texans and 230 Westerns; native
steers, slow; Western weak; good to prime
steers, $5 30£5 80; poor to medium. $4 30@5 £>:
selected feeders, slow. $3 75@4 30; mixed stock
ers weak. $2 60<j?3 SO; cows, H60@4 25; heifers,
J2 55fi2 75: -canners. Jl 50@2 25; bulls, steady,
J2 25© 4 50; calves, J4@5 85; | Texas fed steers,
J4fr5; grassers, J3 35@4 10; bulls. J2 65@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 40,000; to-morrow.
24.000. estimated; left over. 6500; 10c lower;
weak; top, to 05; mixed and butchers, Ji 70r<f5;
good to choice heavy, $4 S0@5 05; rough heavy,
$4 65<@4 75; light, U 70tff5 05; bulk of sales, Jl iJ
@4 95.
SHEEP— Receipts, 19.000; sheep and lamb*
opened strong, closing shade easier; good to
choice wethers, fiQi 40; fair to choice mixed,
$3 S0®4 10; Western sheep, $4@4 35: Texas sheep
J2 60@3 60; native lambs, S4 40555 40; Western
lambs, $4 &©5 40.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies. Increased S1.39S.00O bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, increased 5,700.000 bushels; total
supply. Increased 7.0DS.000.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 1.114.0C0 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 263,000 bushels.
NEW YORK, Nov. IS.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications to Bradstreets show
the following change In available supplies from
last account:
LIVERPOOL.
oS&*". D *r F i b -
Closing 6% _ ¦ 6 1%
PARIS.
rw,t - Xov - Mar. -June.
°, peI J ln S 19 95 21 70
C F?o n u?-"-; » 10 a75
Opening 25 80 2S 00
Closing 28 05 28 qq
Available Grain Supply.
Corn was moderately active. The market
early showed considerable steadiness ; despite
the good weather and , the wheat weakness.
The support came mainly from an operator who
is credited with controlling: the market and
CHICAGO. Nov. 13.— Wheat waa an active
market nearly all the Fesslon, but holders were
disgusted with the headlong tendency of prices
to reach a lower level. To begin with Liver
pool showed a decline in the face of the ad
vnnce In the Interior and the cash demand
was slack. December, under pressure from
longs and traders who saw profits In the short
side, opened %Q 7 Ac lower at 73%@73%e. Later
Bradstreet's statement of an Increase In the
world's visible of 7.000.000 bushels, double the
amount expected, caused ¦ renewed liquidation
under which December melted to 72f£c and
closed weak, l'Agi^c under yesterday at 72"«
@73c. .
NEW YORK. Nov. IS.— To-day's relapse In
prices was quite vigorously contested by «omt
Important Interests still long on stock or which
had fixed on a still higher price level as de
sirable to unload old holdings. But the re
action was too closely in accord with skilled
opinion and observation to be opposed wl'-h
hearty conviction. The real question this morn
ing was not whether prices would decline, but
how far the decline would extend. The quej
tion still remained unanswered when the mar
ket closed with speculative liquidation etllr iu
force and prices on the down grade except
where professional shorts were taking profits
by covering their contracts. As a result of
the day's trading prices in a number of prom
inent Industrials, Including Sugar, Tennessefl
Coal and Wire and People's Gas scored de
clines of from 3 to 4 points and Metropolitan
Street Railway lost 4V A still larger list of
industrials fell between 2 and 3 points and in
the railroad list but a few losses between 1
and 2. The more substantial commission
houses In the street have been advising their
customers for days past to take their profits
and to buy no more stocks for the present.
Professional operators. except some of the
speculative pools, have sold out on a very
extensive scale and taken their profits. Up
to this time since the election buyers outside
the street have been unheedful of their broken
advance and have continued to buy stock with
out much discrimination. Yesterday late In
creasing prices had the Inevitable effect which
no amount of advice could have, discouraging
some of the outside demand. The extent 10
which the advance bad gone made the market
as a matter of course topheavy. filled as it
was with many speculative accounts on light
margins and backed by weakening holders.
Professional bear speculators who have been
alertly looking for the moment of reaction
ever since Wednesday, found that the free
Belling for the first time was not effectually
absorbed. Their efforts were redoubled and
when prices began to make wide declines stop
loss orders were dislodged and the fall thus
precipitated. The bears were in more reckless
mood and were quick to take profits, causing
frequent rallies as they covered their short
contracts. "While some outside demand con
tinued during the day lt was' at no time re
sumed in force. The resumption of selling for
London account dissipated the hope of an
enormous short demand for that account to be
covered. If London is still short In the New
York market lt Is on contracts due at some
future settlement and the continued selling
from there Indicates an unchanged conviction
that a reaction in prices will intervene here
before that time. The expectation of a large
war loan to be floated In London depressed
that market and was a direct influence In New
York as well. It emphasized the apprehension
hitherto felt of a further German Governmei t
loan also. It is not to be supposed that with
the huge Indebtedness of the foreign money
markets to the United States the foreign Gov
ernment authorities can hope to successfully
float their loans without assistance from the
American market and believe that an outward
flow of gold from New York would probably bi
necessary.
Business In bonds was on a large scale and
there was free profit-taking in demand and of
the speculative Issues, while others advanced
strongly. Total sales, par value, $4,770,000.
All United States bonds declined >4 per cent
In the last call except the new 4s, which ad
vanced V4 per cent.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid
21.5C0 Atchison 35
3.300 Atchison prefd 76»»
17,300 Baltimore A Ohio 7b%
Canadian Pacific 85>i
l.S'iQ Canadian Southern 55
6.000 Chespeake & Ohio 31T,
1.000 Chicago Great Western 13 H 1
11.S00 Chicago, Burlington & Qutncy 132U
100 Chicago. Ind A Louisville 22H
100 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 57H
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9SVi
1.400 Chicago & Northwestern 165H
S.400 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 112»;
500 C C C & St Louis 65
600 Colorado Southern 6V4
400 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 40^
200 Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 16Vi
£00 Delaware & Hudson II&14
3<v> Delaware. Lack A Western 180
600 Denver & Rio Grande 21»4
1.400 Denver A Rio Grande prefd 73
500 Erie v U%
4.1C0 Erie let prefd 37V4
1.400 Great Northern prefd 166>i
3.'O0 Hooking Coal 17*
300 Hocking Valley mi
2,200 Illinois Central 121^
200 Iowa Central 20
200 Iowa Central prefd 45
3iXI Lake Erie & Western 37
Lake Erie A Western prefd 105
Lake Shore -. ...110^.
KSOO Louisville & Nashville .78fc
29.C00 Manhattan L 107V4
7,*00 Metropolitan Street Railway 165»4 !
1,400 Mexican Central 13Vfc
COO Minneapolis & St Louis 62
400 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 100
23,200 Missouri Pacific 5S?i
Mobileit Ohio. 40
1.200 Missouri. Kansas A Texas. UK
6 000 Missouri. Kansas & Texas, prefd.... 34%
2.400 New Jersey Central ; 138
$.039 New York Central 137>4
1.500 Norfolk &. Western «H
Norfolk & Western prefd 78»4
SS.SOO Northern Pacific _ «3%
3.000 Northern Pacific prefd ~S>A
2ti.7o0 Ontario & Western 24^
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation prefd. 76
f».050 Pennsylvania 140<4
6.000 Reading 19'/i
111.200 Reading 1st prefd 62«fc
5.700 Reading 2nd prefd 30%
Rio Grande Western 55
Rio Grande Western prefd 86 ;
7.000 St Louis & Ran Francisco 7 13^4
Ft Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 70 ;
1.200 St Louis tc San Fran 2nd prefd 39% '
1 rtX) St Lois Southwestern 14»4
2.1C0 St Louis Southwestern prefd 33%
lV.fiOO St Paul 1214
100 fit Paul prefd 173«4
S00 St Paul A Omaha 117
73 270 Southern Pacific 41
3.S00 Southern Railway 13%
S.200 Southern Railway prefd 60%
2.C00 Texas A Pacific lSH
41.400 Union Pacific 66*4
S.200 Union Pacific prefd 78%
800 Wabash 7V4
¦ 5.000 Wabash prefd M 1 ;
7.400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10%
2,100 Wheelinir & Lake Erie 2nd prefd 2««4
Wisconsin Central 12V4
Third Avenue Ill
Express Companies—
Adams 133
100 American '..163
100 United States 48
Wells-FarKo ....:130
Miscellaneous —
1,000 American Cotton Oil 36
American Cotton Oil prefd 93
American Malting 1 l»\' t
American Malting prefd 23
9.100 Amer Smelting & Ref 47H
2.CO0 Amer Smelting & Ref prefd 96
American Spirits Hi
American Spirits prefd..... 17
7,000 American Steel Hoop 30U
1,400 American Steel Hoop prefd 76^
SS.400 American Steel A Wire 43%
6.100 American Steel & Wire prefd 84»4
7.000 American Tin Plate 40^
1.000 American Tin Plate prefd ..87
3S.400 American Tobacco 107
American Tobacco prefd 130
l.ooo - Anaconda Mining Co 471J
38.800 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6S^
6,010 Colorado Fuel & Iron 43%
24,750 Continental Tobacco 33
1.400 Continental Tobacco prefd 1. S93i
45,220 Federal Steel ;. 47H
«.300 Federal Bteel prefd 74^
2.600 General Electric ...14S
2,100 Glucose Sugar 67
Nezu York Stock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
".IVifc 1 wa » a ctlve; creameries. 15@24c; dairies,
llVrfllSc. Cheese, active, 10@UVic. Eggs, ac-
Weather Report.
The continued warm, dry weather has not
been favorable for agricultural interests, as
the unusually hiph temperature and low humid
ity have caused rapid evaporation from the
•soil, ar.d the effect is noticeable in citrus or
chards in some localities. Oranges and lemons
have colored ra.pidly under tbe influence of the
bright sunshine, and there Is some danger that
the fruit may ripen prematurely. The orange
crop now being gathered Is said to be of ex
cellent quality, and it is expected the yield
will be above averaire. Walnut picking is near
ly completed. Apples and berries are plentiful.
The water supply is holding out very well.
Eureka summary — Apple picking i» practical
ly completed; the* crop is creatly above the
evrras' 1 and has been placed on the market.
I)rnj=e fos along the coast nearly all of the
»e^k. Little farm work is being don*.
lys Anp-lif summary— Very warm week,
wi..i murh drying lani winds that parched the
ground ard verdure badly, and caused a heavy
demand for irrigating water. Oood weather
for oranges; tome picking and packing being
done.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
Warm, cry weather has continued through
the most of the week, but with considerable
fojr and light sprinkles of rain In some sec
tions. Farm work Is b?ing somewhat retarded
by the lack of moiMure In the soil, though
rom« farmers continue plowing and Feeding.
In the northern i-ectlen early sown prnln is
doing well, and crass Ik making good growth,
but in ' the southern counties the 6oll ' U very
dry and pasturage Is drying up. Oranges and
olives are ripening, and pood crops are ex
pected. Xo damaging frosts have been re
ported.
SAX JOAQUIN VALLEY
:.:-..-. has fallen in nearly all sections during
the weok. greatly benefiting vegetation. TJie
temperature has continued somewhat above the
normal. Oranges have ripened rapidly, and
picking and shipping are !n progress. Oll\'e
picking cor.tinues. There are still a few prunes
on the trays, but most of the crop Is ready
fcr shipment. Tree pruning has commenced.
Ta^turaKe is in food condition, and has been
frrvatlv improved by recent rains. Plowing and
feeding are progressing, with continued pros
pects for a large acreage of grain.
SACRAMENTO VALLET
The weather has continuod warm during the
%-eek, becoming cooler toward the close, with
UgJlt frosts in some places on the ICth. Rain
has fallen in the central and northern counties,
and there were light showers in some of the
southern counties on the 7th. Heavy rain
¦would be beneficial in all sections. Plowing
and seeding have progressed slowly. Pastur
age is drying up In portions of the southern
coast district, but Is plentiful in the central
tr.d northern portions. Early sown grain Is
ftlil in pocd condition In most places. Farm
ers are plowing more than the usual amount of
land, and the acreage sown U grain will prob
eb!y be much more than the average. Sugar
beet harvest is nearly finished.
COAST AND BAT FECTIONS
The weekly report cf A. G. MeAdie, section
fiinctOt of the California section of the climate
an-l crop Bervice of the AVeather Bureau. Is as
follows:
The Weather and Crops.
The Hcngkor.s Maru took out a treasure list
of fZZ?,5Z2. confls-tlTiE r,f $158,653 In Mexican
dollars, JISSO in gold coin and $SS,SC«9 In silver
bullion.
Treasure Shipment.
The receipt* of wine at San Francisco for
the month of October were 850,175 gallons,
apalnst K2.S75 gallons for the sa:ne month last
year. Since January 1 these receipts amount
to 11.240.315 gallons, against 12.450.C64 paJIons
during the same i>criod last year.
The receipts of brandy during October were
11.133 palloris. against IU98S gallons for Octo
b*r. WO. The total receipt? since January 1
amount to 1*5,033 gallons, against 17S,Ct>3 gal
lons during the eame period in IS??.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy.
"There is ir.ore inquiry for nuts rf all kinds,
and holders exi»ect a brisk demand from now
until the holiday buylnjf is satisfied. Trade iu
r.uts in October waa poor. In September tht
demand was <;uite active."
NrjL> York Dried Fruit Market.
Mall ajjvlces frcm New York f-ay:
"Trade was of a more active order yester
day, the holiday break resulting in quite a
fc^avy grist of orders in rhe morning mails.
Now that election is out of the way. a much
better conuiticn of things is looked for in the
market, and it ie the general belief that the
better buying of the pa>t lew days is the be
ginning of a very active trade that will last
up to Thanksgiving cr the middle of December.
M<-<rks of many kinds of dried fruits and nuts
in distributer)?' hands are low. and the latter
*re J>ecinninc to show mope disposition to buy.
"RiU&lns, however, are one of the lines of
which the traile Feerr.s to heve a ;>ienty, and
they are in little demand, except for seeded.
Loose muscatels an» easier, sales of a round
lot of thr«--*-cruwn ipoC uoods being made, lt
1b reported, at a considerable shading. Some
four-crown also can be bought at a substan
tial cut under the quotations, lt is understood.
Interest In prunes continues Flight. There
eeeir.s to be a little better feeling in the prune
market, but the four fizes are still offered to
arrive at cuts oC from MQ\~c under the asso
ciation. Some business In 100-110s Is reported
at reduced prices also. There is a fair trade in
Oregon Italians, StMOs, on £i>ot. and f>0-60s in
transit. Figs are in quite pond demand at the
low prices. Prime evaporated apples are firm
«t higher quotations, the market being 4\<s?5c.
f~a!es were made yesterday at 5c. Currants are
firmer and in quite pood demand.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
£!°" r ' barrels 19i0O o 11,000
Wheat, bushels 107.000 165,000
Corn, bushels 2 45i ooo 129,000
Oats, bushels M2 .000 ¦ 105,000
Rye. bushels ;-- s 000
Barley, bushels 112.000 26.000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet and steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 69071c;
No. 2 red. 72%@76c; No. 2 corn, 39%(g39Hc; No.
2 yellow, 39>4c: No. 2 white, 27®27i4c; No. 3
white. 24®27c; fair to choice malting barley,
56@60c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 81; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 82; prime timothy seed, 54 1S@4 20; mess
pork, per barrel. $10 37%@1O 50: lard, per 100
pounds. $7 07%@7 10; sht>rt ribs sides (loose),
J6 S0@7 10: dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%@
6%c; short clear sides (boxed), $6 65@6 85; whis
ky, basis of high wines, $1 27; sugars, cut loaf,
6.15c; granulated, 5.75c; confectioners' A, 6.55c;
off A. 6.40c; clover, contract grade. $10.
Shifment of $^jp,S}'3 to China.
Sihcr declined. Exchange undisturbed.
Wheat lozc'cr. again. Barley steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before.
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay quiet and steady.
Beans in lighter receipt, but inactive.
Potatoes and Onions as before quoted.
Butter still dragging and Eggs slightly loxver.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes plentiful and weak.
Dried Fruits, Raisins and Honey dull.
Chicago houses cutting Hants in the local market.
Wool in better demand since the election,
¦¦¦..¦-.
Hops quieter, as buyers have about filled their wants.
Hogs advanced a fraction under lighter receipts.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb firm at the recent advance.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
'- WASHINGTON. Nov. 13— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in thi
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $137,138,923; gold, $94,275,676.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.— Money on call, firm
at 3%S6 per cent; last loan, 3%. Prime mer
cantile paper, 4%@5',i per cent. Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 84%®4 84% for demand and $4 80»i@
4 SG% for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 81H and
$4 85%. Commercial bills, $4 80%. Silver certifi
cates. 6Hi@6S%c Bar silver, 64c Mexican
dollars, 60%c.
Bonds — Government, Irregular; State, steady
railroad, irregular.
' Condition of the Treasury.
Nnv York Money Market.
Atchleon, 36%; Canadian Pacific, 91%; Union
Pacific preferred. 88%: Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 79%; Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda, 9%
Bar silver, steady, 29 ll-16d per ounce. Money"
3%(B4 per cent.
The chief influence In the markets here to
day was the news that Parliament will re
assemble early In December to make further
provision for war expenditures. It Is under
stood that the requirements amount in all to
about $30,000,000. The concensus of opinion Is
that a new "'khaki loan" Is Improbable and
that the Government Is more likely to make a
further Issue of consols or a loan secured by
the revenues of the Transvaal and the Orange
River State with a British guarantee.
Americans were much quieter and inclined
to hesitate on the conviction of London proflt
taklng. but support from New York helped to
make the tone fairly steady and make fluctua
tions quite narrow. Northern Pacific securi
ties and Reading first preferred were the best
features.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.-Commerclal Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
'TV;; GIucos « Sugar prefd 103V
4.100 International Paper 25
4,000 International Paper prefd 73%
Laclede Gas 731,
J0O National Biscuit .' 37k
200 National Biscuit preM 92
600 National Lead 21%
••;•••: National Lead prefd \\'.', 97
8,000 National Steel 37
200 National Steel prefd "' 92U
200 New York Air Brake 136
z.100 North American "*] i 6 *i
Pacific Coast " 60
Pacific Coast 1st prefd .".!!!! 85
•iMOO Pacing 35? 2nd Prefd •" «¦
39000 People's Gas .^V^l'."'.'///.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 97%
2 -»™ Pressed Steel Car 53%
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85%
Pullman Palace Car 193
'rca/U » tandaid RoD€ & Twine.. 6
66.900 Sugar 12 | T 4
....... Sugar prefd I'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.lll
?r?22 Tenn c ° ai & ir ° n -I 69
!'JS H nIted States Leather 14%
iMm K n ! ted £ Ules father prefd 76
"• 2 2°. United States Rubber 36%
I!™ 1 s t t e e d rn St l?n!on RUbber Pre " ~ |$
: J'-K* Republic Iron A Steel".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 16%
2.200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 62%
' P C C & St Louis 65
1.114,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 ref 2»-when N Y Cent lsts. 103
Issued, reg 104* s J Cent cen Bs,.124%
Do coupon lOlfc Nor Pac 3s 70
Do 3s reg 109% Do 4s 104%
Do 3s coup 1O»% N Y. C A St L4s.lO6%
Do new 4s reg..l37 Nor & W con 4a.. 9S%
Do new 4s coup.137 Or Nav IsU 109 '
Do old 4s reg.. ..115% Do 4s 103%
Do old 4b coup.. .115% Or S Line 6s 127%
Do 5b reg ...112% Do con 5s .im.
Do 5s coup ..^..mii Read Gen 4s S9?i
Dist of Col 3.65b. .124V» Rio G W lsts 99
Atch gen 4s 1OOJ» St L & I M con Ss.llUi
Do adj 4s 84% s L & S F gen 6s.l25
Can So 2nds -.10714 St Paul cons 170%
Ches & Ohio 4%s..UHH4 St P. C & P lsts.. 118%
Do 5s 1191^ Do 6s 119%
Chi & N con 7s 137>A So Pac 4s S3Vi
Do S F deb 5s.. .118 Bo Ry 5s ' 112%
Chi Term 4s 92 Stan R & T 6s.... 71%?
Colo So 4s 84 Tei & Pac lsts.. ..115
Den & R G 4s.. ..UK) Do 2s 80
Erie Gen 4s 74 Union Pacific 4»..1O6
F W & D C lsts.. 78 Wabash lsts 116
Gen Elect 5s 125 Do 2s 104
Iowa Cent lsts ....115 West Shore 4s ...114
L & N unified 4s. 99% Wis Cent lsts 87%
M. K & T 2nds.... 70^ Va Centuries 91',i
Do is 9s»s
MINING STOCKS.
Brunswick 11 Ontario 8 25
Chollar 10 Ophlr 70
Crown Point 10 Plymouth 10
Con Cal & Va 90 Quicksilver 1 25
Dead wood 65 Do prefd 7 00
Gould & Curry.... 8S Sierra Nevada .... 20
Hale & Norcross.. 2fJstandard 3 20
Homestake 65 00 .Union Con 14
Iron Sliver 70 1 Yellow Jacket 22
Mexican 201
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 2%
Call loans 3£4 West End 92
Time loans 4fco Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s 100H
A T & St Fe 34T4 N E G & C 6s 6SVi
Do prefd 76% Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 125% Adventure "... 6 l i
Do prefd 116 Allouez Mln Co.... 2%
Boston & Maine. ..192 Amal Copper 94
CM B & Q 131T4 Atlantic 26
Dominion Coal .... 43 Boston & Mont.... 330
Do prefd 113% Butte & Boston ... 65
Federal Steel 47% Calumet & Hecla..81O
Do prefd 74% (Centennial I9«i
Fltchburg prefd. .. 138% iFranklin 16%
Gen Electric 148 iHumboldt 50
Do prefd »...140 Osceola 76
Ed Elec 111 213 Parrott 4S
Mexican Cent 13% Qulncy ICO
Mich Tel S3 Santa Fe Copper.. 7%
N E Gas A Coke.. 15% Tamarack 2S0
Old Colony 201 Utah Mining 34
Old Dominion 27 Winona 4
Rubber 36 Wolverines 45%
Union Pacific 66%
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
I who purchased 225,000 bushels early. Later
the pronounced . wheat weakness and prospect*.
• of freer country offerings alarmed the crowd
and prices broke sharply and the market closed
weak. December closed %@%c down at 35%c.
Oats were moderately active and steady.
December closed H@V4c depressed at'22%c.
• Provisions were fairly active, \ but prices
1 struck a lower level. Traders who bought yes
terday sold to-day on the heavy run of hogs
and a drop In prices at the yards. There waa
a good* cash demand for lard and ribs, but
holders, both local and outside, saw no profit
In hog product in the face of the grain weak
ness and the prospect of a liberal supply of
hogs. January pork closed 22&c under yes
terday, lard and ribs each 12V4c down.
The leading futures , ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Xovrmber 73% 73% 72% 72%
December 74 74 72% 73
January 71% 74% 73% 73%
Corn No.' 2 —
November ¦• 3<>i£ 39',4 38% 39 •
December 36% 36% 35% 35% ;
May 36% 363i 36H 36%
Oats No. 2—
November jivj 21% Zl',4 21V4
December" 2".i 2 o *i 22 22'» ;
May 24H 24U 24 24 ,
Mess pork, per barrel-
November 10 32'>' 10 32>4 10 SO 10 30
January ; 11 60 " 11 62^ 11 45 11 47%
May 11 62^i 1165 11 55 1155
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May „ 6 ?2%
j November 7 02>4 7 03 7 00 7 00
December 6 90 6 95 6 85 6 83
January 6 82% 6 85 6 77% 6 77%
Short ribs, 100 pounds —
November 6 70 6 75 6 70 6 75
January 6 17^ 6 20 6 10 6 12>4
May 6 22% 6 25 6 17% 6 17%
' Everything under this head is dull, includ
ing Raisins and Honey, which were active and
firm so long. ' Prices stand about the same.
There Is rather more activity In New York,
however." , .
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
40-508, 7c; 60-60S, 5Uc; 60-70s. 3%c; 70-SOs. 3Vic;
f0-90s, 2^ic; 90-lOOs, 2\ie: 10«« and over, 2c; ru
bles. Uc premium; Sonomas, V4c and San Joa
quins. lie less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand -the' same. Apricots. 6®
Re for Royals and lO^llUc^ for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5@6c; sun-dried, 3ii@4%c;
Peaches. 4%(fi5c for. standard, 5<@6cfor choice
and . 7@7H<". for fancy; ; Pears, 2®7c; Plums,
pitted. 5©fiV4crunpitted. l^l^c; Nectarines, 5(@
&i£c for red and 5>4T?6c for white. v^H^*
.RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
Reason of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard.- 8%c; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, yc per lb. Sultanas—
Fancy, 10%c per lb; choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c;
prime. 8c; unbleached Sultanaa, 8c; Seedless,
EO-lb boxes, 6Hc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6c;
2-crown, 6Vjc; 4-crown, '7c; London Layers. 2
crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o.. b. at common shipping points in
California, i • ¦ '
• NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@7c pei* lb; Walnuts, No.
1 soft shell, lie: No. 2. 8c: No. 1 hardshell. 10c;
No. 2. 7Hc: - Almonds. 15® 16c for 'papershell.
ll®12Vie for Boftshell; Peanuts,. 6@6c for East
ern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans, 11
©13c: Cocoanuts, $3 5005. - -
HONEY— Comb. 13VS©14V4c"ior bright and 12K
Dried Fruits; Nuts and Raisins.
Another decline . In Oranges Is noted. Sup
plies are too large. Lemons and Limes con
tinue plentiful and dull.
Apples are In good supply and quiet. Pears
ara slow at previous prices. There arc not
many Grapes coming In now.
Cranberries are firmly held ' at the ' compara
tively high prices, and stocks are not large.
DECIDUOUS -FRUITS—
' APPLES — 25(fT'50c per box for common and
G5c®$l for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, 60c@$l;
Oregon* Ppitzenbergs. $1 25<gl 50.
PEARS— Winter Nells, 60ci@$l; Cooking Pears,
25®5Oc per box.
PERSIMMONS— 25@50c, per box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. HOtglO 60 per bar
rel; Coob Bay: $2 25@2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3(3=4 60 per chest for large
and $S<ff9 for small berries. ' \
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7c per lb.
RASPBERRIES— J5<g6 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— Nominal.
GRAPES— 60@75c ' per small box and 75cS$l
per crate. . ' '
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $2@3; Seed
lings. $1@1 75; Lemons, ,25cg$l 25 for common
and $1 50(8-2 50 for grood, to choice; Grape Fruit,
$2{i3; Mexican Limes, $401 50; California Limes,
25@35c; Bananas, $1 75(g2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $2@3 50 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy Butter Is lower and neglected. Cream
ery is in good supply and still dragging. The
retailers will not take hold «f the fresh goods
until they clean up their packed stock.
Cheese remains as before, with moderate
stocks.
Eggs continue to shade off, receipts being
rather In excess of the demand and stocks of
Eastern being large.
BUTTER— •
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 21@22c; seconds,
20C. ' «„!-•. ¦':
Dairy— Fancy. 20c; good to choice, IS® 19c;
common, 17@17>&c.
Creamery tub— 20@22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c.
• Firkin— lS@19c.
Storage goods— 21@22c.
CHEESE— New, HH@12c: Old. 10@Uc: Young
America. 12@12V4c; Eastern, 13»/4@14c; Western.
IV?! 13c per lb.
EGOS— Quoted at 20@23c for store and 27V4@
31o per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18@26c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13(314c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,
U@17c;' Geese, per pair. $1 60@l 75; Goslings,
$1 7i>@2; Ducks. $3<£4 for old and $3 50®4 50 for
young; Hens, $3 5004 60; Young Roosters. $4®
4 60; Old Roosters. $3 50@4; Fryers. $3 25<g3 50;
Bi oilers. $3 25@3 50 for large and $3@3 25 for
small; Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and $1 cog
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 23 for Valley and $2 for
Mountain: Mallard. $3®5; Canvasback, $3@5;
Sprig, $3®3 50; Teal. $2«2 50; Widgeon. $1 50®
1 75; Small Duck. $1 25@1 50; Gray Geese. $3;
White Geese. $1@1 50; Brant. $1 50<gl 75 for
6mall and $2@2 50 for large: English Snipe,
$1 50; Jack Snipe, $1; Hare, $1 25; Rabbits. $1 50
for cottontail and $1 for thrush; Doves, 65c per
dozen.
The free arrivals from the East keep Poultry
dull and cheap. Two cars more arrived yester
day, making seven thus far this week.
Game Is steady with a fair demand.
Five cars of Eastern Poultry came In, and
sales were made at $4 50@5 for Hens, $5 for
i'oung Roosters. $4 50 for old Rooeters. $2 50®
3 for Broilers, $3 50 for Fryers, {1 for Pigeons,
J2 for Geese. $4 for Ducks. 13®16c for live Tur
keys and 17© 19c for dressed Turkeys.
Local stock was nominal, there being no re
ceipts.
Tomatoes are in liberal supply, dull and
weak. Summer squash Is very scarce. Peas
and Beans are in better supply. There Is noth
ing new In Potatoes and Onions.
POTATOES— River Ileds. 70(gS0c; Burbanks,
25§5Oc for River and fc3c@$l 15 per ctl for
Salinas and 60{J9Oc for Oregon; Sweets, 50Q73c
for River and 75i3'90c for Merced.
ONIONS— 75c©$l 15 per ctl; Pickle Onions.
4Mi."*c per sack.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 335c per lb;
String Beans, 3@5c; Llmas, 3"94c per lb; Cab
bage $1; Tomatoes, 20© 50c: Egg Plant. 40® 75c
per box; Green Okra. 40® 60c: Green Peppers,
25<S'50c per box for Chill and 40@5Oc for Bell;
Dried Peppers. 10@13c; Carrots, 25©35c per sack;
Summer Squash, $1 for Alameda; Cucumbers,
5O<06Oc for Alameda; Garlic, 4S5c per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash, $7@10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Arrivals of Beans thus far this week are con
siderably smaller than for the preceding two
weeks. It Is as well, for stocks are now free
and the demand has fallen off. Prices have
not changed since the decline noted last week.
There Is nothing new in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos. J2 65@2 80; Small "White. $3 90
<g>4; Large White. $2 90©3 15; Pink. $1 8O@2: Red,«
$3 75®3> Blackeye, $3@3 15; Lima, $5 20@5 30;
Pea. $3 90@4 10; Red Kidneys, $3 SQQZ 75.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 23*32 40; Canary,
3'-,o per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9<J?9V4c; Rape, 2?i@3c; Hemp, 4$4Hc;
Timothy, 4<94Hc _
DRIED PEAS-Niles, $2^2 50; Green, $2 25®
2 75 per ctl; Blackeye, $2@2 50.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Bran continues In moderate supply and firm.
Middlings are also In good shape for sellers.
There is no change in Hay, the market being
quiet and steady. *
BRAN— »4@15 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS - Rolled Barley, $15 50@16 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26: Job
bing, $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal,
$26if?27; Cracked Corn, $26 50®27 50; Mixed Feed.
$15(gl6.
HAY — Volunteer, $5(^8; Wheat, $11^13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10012 50; Oat, $9@11 50;
Clover, $507 ; Alfalfa. $S 50@S 50; Barley. S7@
9 per ton.
STRAW— 35@43c per bale.
.Beans and Seeds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, S3 60@
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, S3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
$4 75@5 75 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 60; Hom
iny, $3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4fT4 25:
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, Si 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6©
7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
•Peas, |5; Green Peas, 25 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
ket lacked Bupport. Berlin and Antwerp ad
vanced sharply. .
The local market lost the, ground gained last
week and was very dull.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $1; Milling. 11 02%©
1 07H per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls.
$1 07%.
Second Session— May-4000 ctls, $1 07H: 6000,
$1 07*.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— May-j-2000 ctls, $1 06T4: 10.
000, Jl 06%. December— 2000. $1 00%; 4000, $1 00%;
10,000. $1 00>4.
BARLEY— The market Is steady at the re
cent Improvement, with lighter offerings of
Feed. There Is not much doing on brewing
and shipping account.
Feed, 76V4®77Hc for choice bright, 72H@75c
for No. l and 67H@70c for oft grades; Brewing
and Shipping grades, 80@S5c; Chevalier, nomi
nal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — 2000
ctls, 73T«c.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, 73%c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, 77c; 4000,
76%c
OATS— There were receipts of 11.750 ctls from
Washington, the largest for some time. The
market continues in fair movement, and quota
tions are maintained.
White, $1 30@l 47>4; Surprise, $1 45@1 53; Red.
$1 15!jri 25 for feed and $1 23@1 37Vi for seed;
Gray. *1 25491 35; Black, for feed, U 12V4©1 30;
for seed, ?1 20@l 30 per ctl.
CORN— Prices have not changed for some lit
tle time. The feeling Is steady. a.s offerings
are light. Eastern Yellow. $1 22H; White.
$1 22V4: Eastern mixed. $1 20@l 22% per ctl.
RTE— Steady at 90@92V4c per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75®2 per ctl.
Business was quieter again on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, and there w»r»
no fluctuations worthy of remark " wcre
There was sudden activity In Gas and Electric
In the afternoon, and the stock, opening it «•
ran down to $50 25 under heavy selling
J The oil stocks continued quiet.
The Caledonia Mining Company has levied ._
assessment of 15c. • . ¦"
The California-street Cable Company will r>«v
a dividend of 50c per share torday Wy
The Oakland, Haywards and San Leanrim
Electric Railway will pay the usual dividend Sf
20c per share this month. ™ OI
The Presidio Railroad Company has declare*
a monthly dividend of 10c per share? payable m
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
TUESDAY. Nov. 13-2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. ,• ' B1( . A v
4s quar coup..USVill6*4 4s do cp (new) fj; mu
4s do reg 115*115% 3s do ?oup W ..lS%li0U
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P CO..103H103 . Oak Water Es 104U —
Cal-«t Cab 5s..ll85i - .Oceanic S3 faiuo^lll
THE TSOC K MARKET.
Julius and Jennie Radston to John R. Alfken
and Llllie A*her (wife of Maurice L.), lot on
NE line of Harrington street. 2Q0 NW of Mis
sion road. NW 75 by NE 100. lot 64 and B halt
of lot 68. block 4, Academy Tract; $10.
John H. Gibbons to Philomena Barbetta. lot
on E line of Stockton street. 110 N of Filbert.
N 27:« by E 83:«; $10.
David Henderson to Esther O. Henderson,
undivided half of lot on NW line of Howard
street. 91:8 S1V of Steuart. SW 45:10 by NW
William W. Donnelly to Arthur V. Sherry,
lot on NW corner of Twenty-sixth avenue and
S street. N 100. thence W 130. N 3. E 120. S
Annie Mitchell to Mary T. and John P. Nel
son, lot on NW comer of Vienna and Brasll
avenues. N SO by W 100. block 54. Excelsior
Homestead: S10.
Herman \V. Ktvtnurr and Milton S. Eisner
(executors of the estate of Mary Eisner), to
A. Derque. lot on S tin* of Pacific str**t.
65:10*i W of Sansome. TV 23:9H by S tt:9; |70flO.
Hlbernta Savings and Loan Society to Wil
liam B. Roberts, lot on W Una of Clayton
street, 37:« S of Page. S 2 by W 106:3; $3000.
Effle A. Berlin to Joseph D- Cuthbert. lot on
E line of Cherry street. 100 N of Sacramento,
N 27:8H by E 137:6; $10.
Peter and William Cowan Sr. to Edward.
William J. and Cornelius P. McLaughltn. lot
on SE line of Sheridan street. ISO SW of Ninth.
SW 25 by SE 95: $10.
Joseph. Celia, Leopold and Pauline Hlrach
to Charles L. and Maria E. Kortjohn, lot on
N line of Grove street. 156:3 E or Central ave
nue. (Lott). E 25 by N 137:6: JffXH).
Walter E. Dorn to Western Investment Com
pany (corporation), lot on S\V corner of
Halght and Broderlck streets. W $0 by S 130;
$10.0^1.
Savings and Loan Society to Arie Van Wle.
lot on S line of Union street. 63 W ot Octavta.
W 60:6. S 137:6. E 61:3, N 137:6: $1.
Arle Van Wle to Giuseppe Burronl, lot on 9
line of Union street, 72 W of Octavla, W 30:6,
S 71, W 20:4H. E 51:3. N 137:6: $10.
Robert M. Black to Carolina V. Black, lot on
SE corner of Geary and Octavta streets. K
55 by S 137:6; also lot on NE corner of Point
Lobos and Eighteenth avenues. E 120:3 by N
150; gift.
Margretha Wubben to William V. and Wini
fred E. White, lot on S line of Powell avenue.
75 W of California. W 23 by S 100. Preclta. Val
ley lots 356 and 357 and known as lot 4 Cun
ningham's map of Preclta Valley lands; $1700.
Charles G. Hooker to John L. Scheper. lot on
E. line of Polk street, 55 N of Filbert. N 27:«
by E 70: $1200.
Frederick W. and May E. Bridge to Albert
P. de Wit. lot on W line of Thirty-fourth ave
nue. 10O N of S street. W 240. N 74:5. E 240-5.
S 58:6; also lot on N line of S street. 107:« W
of Thirty-seventh avenue. W 25 by 100- 110
Patrick Hackett et al. (by B. P. Oliver com
missioner) to Hlbernla Savings and Loan "So
ciety, lot on BE line of Clara street. 2M-1 NE
ef Fifth. NE 22:11 by SE 75; I25SS
Otto and Fanny Leupold to Emma M. E.
l o - r i nsen '. lot on E llne of Forty-n4nth avenue
125 S of I street. S 25 by E 120: $10
Ida Meyer to Frank C. Martin, lot on XV Una
S 25 St by- y w sYSV 0 S Ot P * ro " 8U - •«>—.
BEAi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Nov. IS— 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask
Alpha 03 03 rnstlc* .02 04
Alta OX 02 Kentuck 02 Vi
Andes 04 05 Udjr Wa»n — m
Belcher 17 13 Mexican n 14
Best A Belcher 19 - 20 Occidental 07 0»
Bullion 03 04 ?phlr 73 £
raledonla 33 3S Overman 06 07
Chollar 10 11 Potosi C9 M
Challenge Con. 12 13 Savage 14 u,
Confidence 59 61 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal A Va. 96 97 3eg Belcher.... 04 06
-on Imperial.... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 21 Z">
Con New York. 01 — (Silver Hill «0 21
Eureka Con — 35 St Louis ... — i>
Drown Point.... 08 03 Standard 3 49 —
Exchequer — C3 Syndicate CS —
Gould & Curry. 91 92 Union Con 13 13
Hate & Norcrs. 20 21 Utah ©* 07
Julia — 03 Tellow Jacket.. 23 23
C C Water 5s..lO7»i — lOm C Ry «»..12* —
Ed L A P 6S.130H — Pac O Imp 4«.1O2 —
F A Cl Ry «a. — _ IP & Cl Ry ta.l0« —
Geary-st R to. - — p&ORR ««.115H —
H C & S 5^s. — — Powell-st R «s. — —
, Do 5s ioo«i _ Sac E GAR 5s 93'4 90%
I- A R 5a 107 — S F A SJV Ss.llSft —
I- A Lt Co 6s. — 103 s R of Cal 6s. — 1U
Do gntd 6».. — — |S P Of A «*. .113^4 —
I' A TfU d 5 *" 101 - IS P OfC6s(1305)
LAP R R Ss.101 - (Series A).. .109*; —
Iffarket-st 6a..l28% — Do «Serle» B)108H —
•X^l? 1 M 5s -- 119 — Do <19«6> ....111U —
J* £ N .'5. R 7sll ° «* Do (1912) ...119>4 —
? f Cal 6s I!S — S P R 1st g 5s. 105 10S
••••»S - S P R 6s.. ..131 -
N t£9 R R *»- wt - 's V Water 63..U3H -
v^^" W7m08 } Do 4s 102%103'.i
SLZ'S t Rj L 5sl »% — Do 3d mtjre.. - IB
£*£ £ U * H.1W - Stktn Gas fa.. 100 —
Oak Tran 6s.. us*; — I
• WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70T* 7IH Spring Valley. 94U »
Marin County. Sit, — • .-
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 4 4*i Par T fV> — A
Mutual El Co. - io SJO4 E .... 504 50%
Pac Ga, i™ ¦ M ?1, San Francisco. *\ 5
fac oas Imp.. — o^j Stkn C&E Co _ 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 228 _ \
, , „ , r BANK STOCKS.
A tanL°"«f V i ° ~ Frlst -N'atlonl ZMI 308
"», nk , °* £ a V,^ * 10 Lon P & A....139 —
Cal S D & T.lOo, — Merchants- Ex 16 IS
SAVINGS BANKS.
S* r S c*«l L v ~ im Sav & l so.. - n
Hum S & L.. - - Sec Sav Bk — —
KJS#:i& z T c ° :: - -
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....124 — OSL&H 33 —
Geary-st — - Presidio IT 22
Market-st .... 6S SS?.
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 180 Vlgortt «... SU S%
Giant Con Co. 83 — *¦ ¦>»
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7Vi 7H KUauea S Co. 20 T i 22
Haw C A 8 Co 85% — Makawell S Co 42 42'i
Honokaa S Co. 31 Vi — Onomea S Co. 23 —
Hutch S P Co. 23*» 28 Faauhau S Co. 31U 32
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Aasn — 125 Pac A F A.. Vi —
Cal Fruit Asn.104 104^ Pac C Bor Co — 133
Mer Ex Assn. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 12U —
Oceanic S Co.. 3-!>i 3J>i
Morning Session.
20 Giant Powder Con not)
5U Hutchlnson S P Co, cash 25 S7'£
83 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 87V«
5 Makawell 42 2\
uO Oceanic ri S Co '. M 25
100 Paauhau S P Co 31 50
5<X0 J P of A. bond* U3 25
Street —
40 Giant Powder Con 83 00
20 Oceanic S S Co »9 0O
10 Oceanic S S Co.b 5 99 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Giant Powder Con 83 23
150 Honokaa S CD 31 25
li> Oceanic S S Co B9 00
43 Makaweli 42 25
10 S F Gas and Electric Co 52 CO
25 S P Gas and Electric Co 51 75
Vr- a F Gas and Electric Co SI 62i a
10 S F Gas and Electric Co 51 SO
50 S F Gas and Electric Co.. (1 25
a S F Gas and Electric Co 51 12'j
10 S F Gas and Electric Co U> *7> a
50 S F Gas and Electric Co 50 37',
ZOO S F Gaa and Electric Co 50 25
BO S F Gas and Electric Co 30 io
100 S F Gas and Electric Co 50 75
75 S F Gas and Electric Co 50 62<i
20 S V Water 94 li
Street—
$:000 Oakland Transit Co. S per cent 117 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1C0O Cala Standard JO
10O EH Dorado Z 25
5 Hanfcrd 95 00
230 Home Oil 4 ii
100 Kern Oil Co > 00
10 Kern River 1» 00
100 McKlttrlck Consolidated 34
n Ban Joaquin Oil and Dev 9 2S
60 San Joaquin Oil and Dev 9 1:4
100 Yukon U
Afternoon Session.
Board— —
10O Caribou 49
1C0 Four Oil Co _.. 41
2C0 Home Oil 4 55
100 McKlttrick Consolidated 33
200 Petroleum Center 10
IZ0 Petroleum Center 08
25 San Joaquin Oil and Dev I 12^
1C0 Yukon 63
Street—
100 Rex M
MDJ1NO STOCKS.
Following were the sales la the Saa Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornin: Session.
WO Bullion 04 1 600 Mexican 23
100 Caledonia 42 100 Occidental C8
100 Caledonia 43 200 Ophlr 75
350 Challenge IS 300 Savage 1«
200 Con Cat & Va.. 9S 1100 Sierra Nevada.. 22
10O Con Cal & Va.. 90 40O Silver HtU 40
10OO Con Imperial... 01 400 Yellow Jacket.. Zi
10O Hale & Norcrs. 22
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 20 200 Overman 06
600 Challenge ...... I- SO Potosi 09
300 Con Cal & Va.. »6 10OO Savax* tt
3<jO Con Cal & Va.. 95 400 Seg Belcher 05
100 Confidence 60 200 Sierra Nevada,. 21
100 Gould & Curry. 91 200 Silver Hill 40
3C0 Mexican S3 1C0 Yellow Jacket.. IS
250 Ophlr 73
Following were the sale* In the Pmclflo Stock
Exchange yesterday: *
Mornlnr Session.
200 Best A Belcher 20 500 Sierra. Nevada. 23
100 Con Cal & Va.. 99 200 Silver Hill x.)
300 Mexican 25 100 Silver Hill 40
250 Savage IS 700 Union Con .... 14
430 Savage 13 300 Union Con .... 13
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher 19 500 Hale A Norcrs. n
200 Best & Belcher 20 200 Hale & Norcr». 22
100 Caledonia 44 200 Mexican 25
100 Caledonia 38 200 Mexican 24
700 Challenge Con. 13 300 Savage is
150 Con Cal A Va.. 97 1000 Silver Hill 40
600 Con Cal A Va.. 98
Hour, Qr sks 20,020 Powder car i
Wheat, ctls 420 Felts, bdls ... " 373
Barley, ctls 4.600 Hides. No .".'! K91
Dats. ctls 1,440 Leather, rolls .... 334
:orn. East, ctls... 1,000 Eggs, doz 10 sso
Butter, ctls 279 Mustard, sks .... 53
Cheese, ctls 91 Wool, bales .. 129
Tallow, ctls 266 Straw, tons ..'.'.'.' m
Brandy/ gals 7,S00;Hay. tons .... $87
Wine, gals 36.200 Onions, .sks .. 120
Raisins, bxs 750 Potatoes, sks .. 3.C0
Sugar, bbls n:» Brnno. sks 7555
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 2.002 Bran, sks .... 4 «?•
Oats, ctls 11,750 >0 ' 8
FOR TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13.
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Fine
ordinary sizes. $16@17: extra sizes, higher: Redl
wood, $17@18 for No. 1 and $15®16 for No 2-
Lath. 4 feet, $3 50@4; Pickets. $18; Shingles'
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes
$11 for split and $12 for sawn ; s Rustic, $20® '6 '
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered. 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c: Dry Granulated. 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.65c; Magnolia A, 6.25c; Extra C
5.15c; Golden C, 5.05c: barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more: 50- lb bags
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.40c: boxes, 6.65c per lb.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7>i®
7%c per lb: White Lead. 7@7%c. according' to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER-$48348 M per flask for local
use and ?45@46 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes. r>er lb. in 100-lb bags:
COAL OIL. GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil, in bulk, 12c: Pearl Oil
cases. 18c; Astral. 18c; Star.- 18c; Extra Star,
22c; Elaine. 23c; Eocene, 20c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, In bulk, 144c; cases, 20%c; Benzine,
bulk. 13',ic; cases. 19V&c; S6-degree Gasoline,
bulk. 20c; cases, 26c per gallon.
TURPENTINE— 66c per gallon In cases and
60c in drums or Iron barrels.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
86c; raw, 84c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 69o per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 70c; cases, 75c;
China Nut, 6S®72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot
OH, barrels, 65c; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c*
Whale Oil, natural white, 37H@42Ho per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels. 35c: cases. 40c.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 2$®33c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26® 30c; Sole Leather, light,
26@2Sc: Rough Leather, heavy, 27@28c; Rough
Leather, light, 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
32@38c; Harness Leather, medium, 30@37c; Har
ness Leather, light. 20® 35c; Collar Leather. 15
616c per foot; Ktp, finished, 4O@5Oc per lb*
Veal, finished. 50®55c: Calf, finished. 75ce$l 20;
Sides, finished, 16017c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14Q16c; Rough Splits. SglOc per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $26223 per ton; Stick.
$lSJi20 oer cord.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13H3716HC for prime
to fancy washed; 12 "ft' 13c for strictly good
washed; ll@ll»ic for good washed: 9%??io»ie
for fair washed; S®9Hc for medium; 6\ l g8* t c
for Inferior to ordinary; 12SJ13V2C for good to
prime washed peaberry; llftllUc nominal ' for
good ¦ to prime unwashed peaberry: lOH'Sllc
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
Nicaragua— 13® 16c for prime to fancy washed:
10$12V4c for f»lr to strictly good washed; 10
ffilO\c nominal for good to superior unwashed;
HQllHc nominal for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Salvador— 11*5130 for good to prime washed;
10@10%c for fair washed: 12@13c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 10*4tfll«ie for good to
prime semi- washed; 10%©llc for superior
unwashed; MH4c for good green unwashed; 11
(SlHic for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
7(&S : »ic for common to ordinary.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13>4®14V4e for prime
washed; 12-Q13C for good washed; 13@14c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 12@13c for good
to prime peaberry; llH®13c for good to prime;
JO'ijtiiic for good current mixed with black
beans; 9%*QUc f or fair; 7@9c for common to
ordinary.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 3c;
cases, 3Hc; cases, extra large. 4c; cases, imita
tion. Eastern. 6c; Boneless, 4Vic; Norway Strips,
41jc: Narrow Gauge. 4\c; Silver Kin?, 6c;
Blocks Oriental. 4%c; Seabright. 5c; Tablets.
6c; Middles. Golden State. 5»jc; Middles. White
Seal. 7c; 5-lb boxes fancy. Boneless. SVsc; Des
slcated, per dozen, 75c; Picked Cod, barrels,
each. $6 60; Pickled Cod. half -barrels, each,
$3 75.
CORDAGE— The local Cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, ll'ic per lb;
Sisal sizes and bale" rope, 8c; Duplex, 7c.
Terms. £0 days or 1H per cent cash discount.
CANNED FRUIT— Extras In 2H-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, $1 SO; Cherries, $2
for black, ?1 S5 for white and }2 tor Royal
Anne; Grapes, {1 35; Peaches, $1 63; Fears,
$1 S5; Plums, |1 3IS1 40; Quinces, |1 65; Straw
berries, $1 73.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; SouthfleM
Wellington, *9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 CO; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $12 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
Jls In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
JS 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according
to brand.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. 13 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July, 6HS«Uc; Wool
Bags. 2SV4®32Hc: Fleece Twine. 7Hc; Fruit
Bags, 6*iSC%c for white and S'i'aS^c for
bleached jute.
General Merchandise.
Hcgs are firmer again, and the local packers
have advanced their bids. Receipts are lighter.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb are firm at the recent
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 6B5%c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. "igSc; small. S*ji59c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7V4<SSc; ewes, 7®7^c per
pound.
LAMB— 8©9c rer lb.
FORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small and 5Hc for
medium and 6%®5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5®0Uc; dressed Hogs. TKOSKe.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The demand for Wool has picked up since the
election, and a very fair Inquiry is now re
ported, though the movement cannot be called
active. Hops, on the contrary, ar« quieter, as
buyers are holding off. having largely filled
their wants. Prices for both descriptions stana
as before. ,. h
Hides are firm at unchanged prices, wun a
eood demand. , . . „
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy eaitea
Steers. 10c; medium. 9c; light. SVi«9c; Cow
hld«s, SMi«S9c; Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip. »*«••
Salted Veal, 9*c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides.
Kc; culls. 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, lwgi.c,
culls and brands. 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
20@30c each: short Wool. 30©50c each; medium.
WXQSic: lone Wool. 75c©*l each; Horse Hides.
ealt, $2 50 for large and $3 for medium, $1 M
for small and 50c for colts; Horse* Hides, dry,
?1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium. II 25 for smal
and 25(j?C0c fos colts. Deerskins— Summer or retl
Eklns, 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c. winter or
thin skins, 17Vi@20c. Goatskins— PrUne An
goras. 75c; largo and smooth, 60c; medium. *>c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4g44c per lb; no.
2. SHc; grease. 2®2Hc.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows.
Northern, free. 15«16c: Northern, defective. 12®
14c: Middle County, free. 14@16c; Middle County
defective, 12©14c; Southern Mountain, L.
mor.ths*. 9fl0c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months' ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9@llc: Hutnboldt and Mendoclno, 16
017c; Nevada. 13©16c per lb. .
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6',i®«c: do lambs . 8
C9c- Middle County. 9®10c; Northern Mountain,
freci 10@llc; Southern Mountain. 'VrSStoc;
Hurnboldt and Mendocino. 12®13c per lb.
HOPS— 11%®15C per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Two Chicago houses are reported to b« cut
tin? Hams down to lie In the local market,
but all other houses quote a« below. The mar
ket for all cured meats stands about as before,
with a fair business. .. ,
CURED MEATS— Bacon. JWi©«c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium. 13c for light. 14c
for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. H^iei2c: Mess £??''
$12 50 ner barrel; extra Mess. $13 ri: Family.
$13 50- extra Prime Pork, *1«; extra clear. *19 50.
Mess, $16; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LARD-Tlerces quoted at 6\c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9V*c.
10-lb tins, S\c: 5-lb tins. 9!jc.
COTTOLEXE- One-half barrel. S^c. «"<*.
half-barrels. S'.4c: one tierce, 8Hc; two tierces,
Sc; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Provisions.
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
754ig8c; light amber, extracted. 7@7%e; dark.
6<5t>tec per lb. • ," . ' .-
BEiSSWAX— 24326c per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1900.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
New York Grain and Produce
LOCAL MARKETS.
WHEAT— Liverpool was lower and^ Paris
higher. New York dropped l*,e and Chicago
was also lower. -The decline was caused main
ly byia', reported increase of 7.000.000 -bushels
in the world's visible supply. -At Chicago there
waa considerable selling of both long and short
Wheat. Holders realized freely and the mar-
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Spot chartering Is dull
at the nominal rate of 41s 3d. usual options.
The chartered Wheat fleet In port has a regis
tered tonnage of 47.915. againBt 46.300 tons on
the same date last year; disengaged. 8525 tons,
against 6100; on the way to this 'port. 124 300
tons, against 196,800.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling. Exchange, 60 days — $4 814
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 83%
Sterling Cables 4 35
New York Exchange, sight. — •: 714
Np* York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 10
Fine Silver, per ounce _ ¦ 541.4
Mexican Dollars, nominal MV4 @ 61
8SENORA JESUS ROMANDfA, ILL,. AND WITHOUT MONEY. GAZES
FROM HER SICK BED AT THE PICTURE OF THE VIRGIN AND
LONGS FOR DEATH TO END HER MISERY.
MISS IONE MacLOUTH. SHE IS
TO ENTER .VAUDEVILLE. -
(Photo by Elite Gallery.)
enthusiastic over Miss MacLouth's talent
and are sure that she will make a big hit
on the vaudeville stage.
MIES IOXE MacLOUTH, cousin
of "Hero" Hobson. will make
her debut next Sunday after
noon on the professional
vaudeville etage. She will ap
pear at the Orpheum.
The young lady Is only 15 years old, but
displays rare talent In dramatic work and
Is the fortunate owner of a beautiful
soprano voice of great feeling. Her spe
ciality consists of singing old Scotch x and
other ballads in costume. She made her
first bow to a San Francisco audience In
the Brownies at the California Theater
and made such a hit that her mother has
eventually listened to the advice of friends
and will allow the pretty young girl to
adopt a profession that certainly is her
destiny.
Miss MacLouth was born in the Fame
town as Hobson — Greensboro, Alabama—
and besides being a relative is a warm
friend of "the man who blew up the Mer
rimac." The family moved to this coast
and Miss MacLouth waa educated in a
convent In San Rafael.
Mrs. MacLouth Is well Known in this
city and when the Tennessee regiment
was here ehe was ever to be found at
their camp, relieving the sick and doing
all in her power to make the soldiers' life
less Irksome. When Colonel Smith's body
was brought to this city from the Philip
pines Mrs. MacLtouth. who was known as
"the mother of the Tennessee boys," at
the urgent request of the regiment trav
eled back to Tennessee with the body and
saw It Interred In the Sunny South.
The managers of the Orpheum are very
MdUes J4er First Hit irw
the BroWmes at
the California.
Will. Sing Old Ballads*
ar\d ScotcK Songs :
ir\ Costume.
MISS IONE MacLOUTH
TO APPEAR, AT ORPHEUM
John Langford, a sailor boarding house
ma.i, cut his throat with a razor this
morning at.Clement street and. First ave-v
Insane Man Cuts His Throat.
nue. After walking to Twenty-second ave.
nue Langford lay down on the open road
to die. . He was found by an officer and,
taken to the Receiving Hospital. Lanir
ford lq evidently, insane^ He, will recover.
day of Charles Stewart, a teamster resid
ing at 841 Harrison street, has caused re
latives and friends of the. young man
much uneasiness. It was learned yester
day that Stewart took passage on the
steamer Elder Friday for Portland. The
motives that prompted his departure are
still a mystery.
Stewart lacks a month of belnp 21 years
old. He has been engaged to Miss Cora
Smith oi 8*1 Harrison street, with whose
parents he has made his home for several
years. The young people were planning to
be married soon after he should become
of age. Young Stewart has been driving
a team that was part of the small estate
left by his father at his death several
years ago. Friday he turned his team
over to another man, saying he was not
well, but would be back again by Satur
day evening to take charge of the team.'
Sunday came and Stewart had not re
turned. The Smiths grew uneasy and re
ported the case to the police. A detective
learned that Stewart had drawn $18. his
deposit of savings, out of the bank. Tes
terdav Clarence Smith, a chum of Stewart
and the brother of his fiancee, learned that
Stewart was a passenger on the Elder for
Portland. Since learning that much the
Smiths and Stewart's brothers and sisters
are no longer particularly uneasy. They,
as well as the employes at th« commis
sion house of Paul Keyser, for whom
Stewart did teaming, are convinced that
he became discouraged and decided sud
denly . to try another field. ' For. two
months he had not made expenses with
his team, and that furnishes the only mo
tive for his disappearance that can be
conjectured. ¦ "• ' ¦
Stewart is epoken of by his employers
and acquaintances as a young man of
exemplary habits, sober, honest and re-
TEAMSTER'S DEPARTURE
SHROUDED IN MYSTERY
The mysterious disappearance last Frl-
OAKLAND. Nov. 13.— Licenses to marr>
were issued to-day to Lewis Ole Chrlsten
sen, G3, San Jose, and Mollie Alicia do
Frees, 27, Oakland: Robert Edward Mc-
Klllop. 25. and Sophia Blanche Rico. 18,
San I^rancisco: Henry Sylvester Lcmos,
32. and Mrs. Mary E. Perry. 25. Hay
wards: Fred Taylor. 27. Oakland, and
Katherine Isnbelle Nelson, 25, Berkeley;
Levi Wiles Foss. 23. Berkeley, and Myrtle
Edna Gushing, 21. Oakland; John Arthur
Cowe.ll. 24, and Bertha Unverzagt. 24. Oak
land: Robert Hamilton Heyneman. 28. and
Mrs. Katheryn Cheney, 26. San Francisco.
Licenses to Marry.
Lying on the floor was? Dim Gun, a pool
of blood surrounding her head. On her
breast lay a . bloody hatchet. Brains
oozed from a wide cut in one side of her
head, and her hands looked like mis
shapen forms of blood from the hacking
they had ! received. There were many
other cuts on the head. The red stained
hatchet told how the woman had re
ceived her wounds.
Dun Gun was still gasping when the of
ficers arrived, and the Receiving Hospital
ambulance was sent for. The woman was
taken away 1n a dying condition.
Chinamen in the house said the man
seen running away was Tong Toon.
With a Hatchet Tong Toon Splits Open Head of Dun Gun and
Leaves Her Dying on the Floor of Their Room.
Chinamen entered the Central Police Of
fice and paid they were afraid a woman
had been assaulted on the third floor of
the Waverly Place lodging house. They
had heard screams coming from a room
and had seen a Chinaman lock the door
and run away after the cries had sub
sided.
Police officers at once went with the
Chinese. They were guided to the room
known to be the sleeping place of Dun
Gun and Tons: Toon. The officers burst In
the door and the evidence of th© terrible
crime that had been committed was before
them.
Or.* of the most atrocious deeds
among a:i those that p> to make the
red r^f^ord of Chinese butchery In San
Fran <-¦!«¦ co was perpetrated about 2
o'clock this morning in the lodging-house
at IT Waverly place.
The victim was Dun Gun. a young Chi
nese woman, and the supposed assailant
i« Tone Toon, her male consort. The
CPOman'a head was hacked with a hatchet
until her brains ran out on the floor.
iLr.A her hands were chopped as Ehe raised
:r,^m to defend herself. The assailant
inade his escape.
At about 2:30 o'clock eeveral excited
One Man Killed and Two Injured in
an Arizona Tunnel.
EirrO2IBED BY CAVING EARTH.
PHOENIX. Nov. 13.— While workmen
tvoi-p engaged in repairing the timbering
in a tunnel at the Turquoise Copper Com
p-ir.ys mine near Tombstone yesterday
the beams in the ceiling foil in. letting
riown tons of rock and debris. Antonio
I-aya was crushed to death and two other
men v.ere severely injured. They escaped
instant death by the protection afforded
by the timbers falling partly across their
T>ofiles. They were imprisoned for many
hours while their fellow-workmen labored
desperately to break through the great
rrasp of debrlP. Late to-night the rescu
ing party reached the Imprisoned men,
¦who were nearly d*ad from their injuries
and from hunger. They will recover.
YOUNG CHINESE WOMAN BRUTALLY
BUTCHERED BY HER MALE CONSORT
OLD AND ILL, WITHOUT
CLOTHING OR MEDICINE
pitiable tke Pligkt of J^oor Servora Romafx
dia. Who Lies Sick ir\ a Tenement.
BRUTAL HUSBAND BEATS
HIS BEDRIDDEN W1FJ5
Jn#» Joseo. who lives at 731 Filbert street,
is the most brutal man the police have
encountered In '-ears, lie Is now an in
mate of the City Prison, with two charges
against him— one of drunkenness and the
other of failure to provide for his minor
children. The first charge was 'made
against Joseo when he was taken into
custody last Sunday night and the second
charge was placed against him on the
prison register after Secretary • M. J.
White and Officer McMurray of the So
ciety for tue a revention of Cruelty to
Children had Investigated the ease.
Joseo's conduct toward his wife and
family has been extremely hrutal. He has
lodged his wife and children In two small
rooms and has neither provided food for
his offspring nor sought work. According
to the Humane Society officers. Joseo has
worked but five days in as many months.
Kvery dollar that his hard-working wife
has earned by doing outside housework
and washing has been appropriated by
the husband and spent for drink.
On Sunday night Mrs. Joseo gave birth
to a child, and while lying in bed told her
husband to go to the closet and take a.
portion of the 60 cents she had managed
to save and go out and buy some medi
cine and food for herself and babies. The
brutal fellow took the entire savings and
went to a grog shop and laid In a supply
of whisky and red wine, and after filling
himself with the liquids staggered horn©
and demanded more money from the bed
ridden woman. She upbraided him for
his cruelty and swore that he had taken
the last cent from her. He then turned
on his defenseless wife and showered,
blows and curses upon her. Th*.poor
woman's screams attracted the 'Attention
of her neighbors and they rushed to her
rescue. The cowardly husband waa pre
vented from further attacking his wife
by the neighbors and he vented his spleen
on them. A policeman was called and he
took Joseo to the station-house.
Secretary White learned from the neigh
born that they had furnished Mrs. Joseo
with food and clothing from time to time.
They could 111 afford to do this, but the
wretched condition of the woman ap
pealed to their sympathetic hearts.
The attention of the Associated Chari
ties has been called to the condition of
Mrs. Joseo and her children and Immedi
ate action will be taken.
OLD and sick, without food or
medicine, Senora Jesus Roman
dia lies In a little scantily fur
nished room in an old tene
ment house at 1318 Dupont
street. Senora Romandia is 78 years old,
and for the last ten months has subsisted
on the charity of neighbors, all of whom
are poor and have tasted want and know
what misery means. She has an only
son, a man 62 years of age, who Is nearly
blind. Romandia earns a meager exist
ence by doing chores for. the various keep
ers of cheap saloons that flourish in his
district, and can do but little for himself
and still less for his old mother. The room
In which the poor senora lives boasts only
of two wooden chairs and a little old
stove. She lies on a narrow cot, all hud
dled up In a breathing heap. The clothes
that cover her emaciated old body are
worn, but, like the poor, bare room, they
are scrupulously clean.
The old lady has scarcely ten words of
English at her command, but she needs
no tongue to tell her pitiful tale. Her
wrinkled old face, her patient old eyes
and her pathetic, worn hands speak for
her.
"Sick— no doctor— no medicine," Is nil
she can mange to say. but the way her
eyes seek the little picture of the Virgin
and the child which hangs Just over her
bed tells plainly of her longing for eternal
rest.
In the rambling old tenement where
Senom Romandia lives many poor old
Spanish people find a cheap shelter. These
people have been extremely kind to the
little old lady in her trouble, sharing their
limited supply of food with her, and now
and then in their unselfishness going the
length of giving her a few small coin*.
"What Senora Romandia needs most,"
explained one who could speak better
English than the others. "Is the money
for her rent. It Is $1 a month. Her son
manages to pay It In meager installments,
but the fact that the rent Is - frequently
due for weeks before payment worries the
old lady. Then she needs food and she
needs clothing— and that Is all."
Yes, that Is all. Old and poor and sick
and without food, without clothing and
without money to pay the rent.
endeared him to hosts of friends. At the
close of the eulogy the Knickerbocker
Quartet rendered . several sacred selec
tions. - •
The Board of Directors, Warden and
many of the other officials of the San
Quentln prison attended in a body, and
the prison at F*olsom was represented by
a delegation. The pall bearers ¦were
Lieutenant Governor Neff. Colonel Sontag.
Major Thorp, John D. Slebe, Luman Wad
ham. E. J. Smith, Henry Plageman and
F. C. Siebe.
The floral offerings were many. A
large* broken wheel represented the* tribute
of the. Prison Directors. . «* — __
REMAINS OF J. V. EIXIS
BURIED WITH CEBEMONY
Funeral services over the remains of Jo
eeph V. Ellis, who for the past twenty
five years had held the position of secre
tary of the -State Board of Prison Direc
tors, were held yesterday in the chapel of
the I; O. O. F. Cemetery. • ¦¦ *
Rev. George C. Adams officiated and
was assisted by ex-Judge D. J. Murphy.
Both gentlemen paid a high tribute to
the memory of the departed and spoke*
feelingly of. hia many kind acts which, had
THE burglar-like appearance of
William Wright's shoes caused
much commotion in police and
fire department circles Sunday
r.ieht. Their pmooth soles pro
truding from unrfw a bed awoke Mrs.
Wright to a sense of alarm and she in
h^r turn alarmed the neighborhood in a
marin.-r that caused visions of a thrilling
« iv-ountcr t° flit across the minds of those
•who gathered on the seen*, and impelled
the timid nv.^s to hide themselves behind
! r ,v>5 and stone walls to avoid the bullets
thev were sure would come. A squad "T
tiolic* 1 headed by ' Policemen William
Maher. Jacob J- Amend , and Peter S.
Chappelle. as wril as the iiremen of En
cine 3. responded to the v.oman's call fr>r
h«>ln. but their dreams of pergeanfs
Ftrip«*s and Srannell medals were dispelled
when they found the "burglar" shoes.
Sunday nifiht. soon ! after dark. Mrs.
Wright, who resides at 1261 California
street, glanced into the gloomy room,
and her eye? rested on the shoes. She did
not remain in the room very long, but
pave a successful test of her lungs' capa
city when phe reached the street. Heads
came out of windows and pedestrians for
blocks around hastened to the scene. The
firemr-n of Engine 3, mistaking the pierc
ing notes for a third alarm, quickly got '
into harness and with axes and buckets
joined in the rush to the woman's assist
ance. When the three policemen arrived
the lady told hor story— a burglar bold
was under the bed— she could tell him by
his feet.
Leading the way with their search light
the firemen entered through a window.
They, \oo, saw the "burglar." The police
men covered the sho^s with their revol
vers and the fire laddies held their, axes
in the air ready for the fray. The com
mand for a surrender was given. Still
the feet did not move.
"Drag him out," cried the woman, and
a fireman poked a pole forward and
hooked the shoes. As he fell backward on
the floor and the leather struck the wall
the mystery was solved. Without a word
the posse put up their weapons and left
the place. There was a silence like grim
death and cruel glances were cast back
at the woman. The three policemen's
beats cross one another, but they care
fully avoid a meeting. Policeman Amend
also walks on the other side of the 8tre«t
when he passes the engine house.
HOW THE POLICE AND FIRE DEPARTMENTS TURNED OUT TO PULL THE SHOES OF MR. WRIGHT FROM
UNDER THE BED. AFTER HIS WIFE HAD MISTAKEN THEM FOR THOSE OF A BOLD BURGLAR AND
CALLED FOR HELP.
for its repeal, but I do not believe the
others will."
Mr. Turner has announced himself as a
candidate for the office of Town Marsha:.
His friends have been wanting him to
run for election next April, he says, and
he has at last consented to take up tho
fight for office.
Town Marshal Lloyd was Indignant that
he should be accused of neglect of duty.
"There are three men in my office to
watch this whole town. Alameda. with
half the area, has a dozen policemen, be
side* eight special officers under the Mar
shal. Do they think I have nothing to
do but secure evidence against saloon
men? It would be- useless to make ar
rests, because nothing would be done willi
the cases. There are now about fifteen
men under arrest and nothing has been
done with them. They pleaded guilty an.l
that was the last heard of the cases.
Why don't the Trustees prod up the Tow.i
Attorney and see that these cases are at
tended to? My office Is only 1 a part oi this
scheme of town government. The Trus
tees. Town Attorney and court are to be
considered in these cases. I do not sew
how the Trustees can bay anything about
the non-enforcement of laws they break
themselves. , Sunday before last four
members of the Board of Trustees while
on a trip of inspection about town went
into a saloon in West Berkeley and ha I
a drink. I have brought Trustees up be
fore as witnesses in liquor cases and will
PROMINENT FIGURES IN THE
ANTI-SALOON FIGHT NOW
WAGING IN BERKELEY.
BERKELEY, Nov. 13.-The
temperance people of this city
are determined that the anti
saloon ordinance shall not be
repealed, but that It shall be
enforced! They have taken steps to se
cure evidence against saloon men and
some arrests will probably be made to
morrow. The Anti-Saloon League is pay
ing for the detective work and will en
deavor to force a prosecution.
O. O. May, a prominent business man of
this city and president of the Anti-Saloon
League, declares that the existing prohibi
tory ordinance is all right and lays' the
blame for its non-enforcement at the door
of Town Marshal Richard Lloyd, who, he
declares, has failed to secure evidence and
make arrests.
"We have become tired of waiting on the
Town Marshal and the courts," said Mr.
May this evening, "and we have taken the
matter into our own hands. We have been
working alone quietly for some time, but
within the past two weeks we have com
menced active work against the saloon
men. We are securing evidence against
them and will make arrests and see that
the law is enforced. A determined stand
has been taken by us and before the next
meeting of the Trustees we shall be
heard from.
"The Town Marshal has neglected his
duty. He should have seen that the law
waa enforced in the same manner that ho
would enforce a law against robbery.
Every one say3 that he is in with the sa
loon men. We are tired of waiting on him
and have gone ahead ourselves.
"This ordinance shall be enforced. If
it be repealed we will get another."
Town Trustee K. Q. Turner said this
afternoon: "I upheld the ordinance when
it was passed and I shall stand by it. 1
see no reason for its repeal. The law
is all right, and the fault lies with the
Town Marshal, who has failed to enforce
it. The blame should be placed whero
it belongs, and it is certain that the Mar
shal has not done his duty. When ;t
comes to a vote I do not believe the or
dinance will be repealed. Trustees Dowd.
Hoff and Staats will undoubtedly vota
A. W. Naylor, president of the First
National Bank of Berkeley, who with J.
I* Barker paid this city a sum of money
equal to liquor licenses for one year on
the passage of the anti-saloon law. said:
"If this ordinance Is repealed the Trus
tees will be brought to account by an ln
dlgrant people. The law can b*> enforced.
I do not believe the saloonkeepers are a
set of outlaws who cannot be controlled.
This law can be enforced Just the same as
any other law. You might just as w*H
?av a law apralnsr stealing could not b«
enforced and should be repealed. Thl»
will be heard from before the next meet
ing of the Trustees. The people will have
something to say."
It is quite evident that ther© •3H11 bo
some exciting times In Berkeley before
the Trustees again meet. And when that
meeting does com* the friends of th«
saloon and the temperance people will be
out in force.
Out of the peven Trustees four have de
clared the temperance ordinance a farce.
They have branded It as a complete fail
ure "and a detriment to the town. I.lauor Is
being sold anyway, they argue, and why
not put tbe saloors on a business basis
and Vt the town spcur** a much ne»de<t
revenue. The Trustees who spoke ngalnst
the ordinance at lnst night's meeting ar»»
Christian H">ff. Thomis Dowd. R. C.
Staats and A. R. Frame. Dowd and
Staats. br.th rppresenting West Berkeley,
are the strongest anti-temperance men.
Staats will undoubtedly vct a for the re
peal of the ordinance, but doubt has been
expressed about Frame.
Town Marshal Lloyd passed the blam»»
for the non-enforcement of th» prohibitory
law up to Town Attorney B. A. Hayne.
The Town Attorney. Mr. Lloyd says. 13
slow in the paths of duty.
bring up some more If they don't look
out.
"When this ordinance was first proposed
I asked for another deputy to cover Lorln.
Trustee A. R. Frame came to me and
asked me If I would appoint Trustee
Turner's brother as Deputy Marshal, pro
viding the board allowed me another dep
uty. I told him I did not care to sratu
whom I would appoint, and in conse
quence they refused to allow me another
deputy. I have done my duty as an of
ficer and I shouldn't advise the Trustee3
to press me too far. They will probably
h*ar from me."
Mrs. Wright. Calls" Police and Firemen to Pull
Mr. Wright's Gaiters From Under the Bed.
The bay shore in the vicinity of the
giant works !s lined with manufactories
of explosives, but the arrangements are
such that rarely Is more than one building
wrecked, unless the explosions are unusu
ally Berious. The Isolation of structures Is
made as complete as possible, and the
buildings where the high explosives are
made are always protected by earth and
heavy wooden embankments to break the
force and concussion in the event of acci
dent.
According to the rules of the company
an inspection of the works had been made
this morning. The report that everything
was in good running order had hardly
reached the San Francisco headquarters
before the shock of the explosion waa
felt. Secretary Julius Sontag repaired at
once to the works to take charge of tho
investigation which was immediately set
on foot. George Phillips and lymls Leav
ltt were in temporary charge of the works
during the absence of Superintendent
Frank Roller. Neither of the men in
charge could furnish any clew to the solu
tion of the mystery of the explosion.
This Is the first explosion at the works
Flnce they were removed from Flemings
Point, a locality several miles nearer
Oakland. HafTelmeier was one ofr the old
est employes of the powder company and
waa considered particularly competent.
His department was one which required
not only skill, but the greatest caution in
handling the dangerous elements of the
compound.
Haffelmeier leaves a wife and a child 3
years of age. Their home was at a small
settlement near the works, where many of
the company's employes reside.
Beyond the destruction of the mixing
house and Its contents no other damage
was done to thn buildings on the grounds.
The wrecked structure. -the machinery and
the gelatine which exploded are valued at
about J5000. The explosion will cause a
temporary setback, but the company will
at once put up another building and will
Install the necessary machinery to resume
operations speedily in the gelatine depart
ment.
Those of the remains that could bo
recovered were gathered toKether and
taken in charge by Coroner Curry of
Contra Costa County.
There was a rush of workmen to the
scene, but a quick inspection showed that
the unfortunate occupants of the place
had been blown to atoms. There was
hardly a vestige of the building left, let
alone anything recognizable of th^e- bodies
of the three men who had perished.
The two Chinese and Haffelmeier had
been at work for several hours before the
explosion in the building that was de
stroyed. They were attending to the or
dinary routine of their work over the mix
ing tanks in which the dangerous fluid is
prepared. The principal component of the
gelatine is nltro-glycerine, and this power
ful explosive la used in a proportion of al
most GO per cent.
The first intimation other workmen on
the grounds had of the trouble was the
roar of the explosion. Then the cloud
of dust and splinters and then the settling
of the debris told the story of the dis
aster.
The accident occurred a few minutes
after 1Q o'clock. The scene -was at the
isolated house, where the gelatine, the
highest explosive manufactured at the
works. Is prepared for final treatment be
fore it is commercially complete. As is
customary in order to insure reasonable
safety to other buildings, the gelatine
house was located far from the other
structures on the grounds, and further
protection was given the works by the
high bluff, into the side of which a shelf
was dug. Here the structure, a one-story
affair 30 by 50 feet, stood.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— By the explosion
of a gelatine mlxlngr-house this morning
at the Giant Powder Company's works
near Sobrante J. C. Haffelmeier, foreman
of the gelatine department, and On Ong
and Yen Foo. Chinese helpers, were in
stantly killed. The house, a small frame
structure, was demolished. The cause of
the explosion has not been learned. There
was not a second's ¦warning and the three
victims had not a chance for their lives,
as they were in the mixing-house when
the explosion occurred.
J. 0. Haffelmeier, the Foreman, and
On Ong and Yen Foo, the Ones
Who Perished.
CAUSE MAY REMAIN A MYSTERY
Gelatine Mixing - House of
Giant Powder Works \
Destroyed.
One White Man and
Two Chinese Blown
to Fragments.
THREE MEN
VICTIMS OF
EXPLOSION
RAISES A BIG ROW AT SIGHT
OF HER HUSBAND'S SHOES
THE SA^n FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1900.
BERKELEY TORN WITH STRIFE
OVER THE SALOON QUESTION
The Ordinance, Which May Possibly Be Re
pealed, Causing a Civil War.
9
GRAPE-NITTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Grape-Nuts are probably entitled to
the claim to be the most perfectly
adapted food for human needs now
extant. Certain it is that the user's
delight in the flavor and the perfect
action of intestinal digestion during: the
use of Grape-Nuts is satisfying, and the
added strength of body confirms the
A food expert of the Po stum Cereal
Co., Lim., Battle Creek, Mich., follow-
ed a line of experiments until he" pro-
duced the food called Grape-Nuts, of
which grape-sugar forms the principal
part, and it is produced by following
out Nature's processes in a mechani-
cal way. That is, heat, moisture and
time are the methods employed and
directed by scientific facts gained in re-
search, 'v';-
| Feel Well f
f Fed *
£ All day when you J
f Grape-Nuts* f
«& FACT! : p'?
?^ Try them.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
¦-. -.*... to Men.
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
to All Who Wrltei
A Free Trial Package Sent by Kail
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the Stato Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who hac? bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men whu
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, prematura
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect "f warmth ami seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It U needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. «3 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. sttting that you desire ona
of their free trial packages, will be cam-
piled with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave hono to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy It Is to be cured ~» sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will b«
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or cublic-
lty. Readers are requested to writ* with-
out delay,. .,., - 4 ¦¦¦¦¦,,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAT, NOVEMBER 14, 1900.
10
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MAN of ability and ' good address desires a
position as driver or delivery salesman on
route. Oakland ' and , vicinity, for wholesale
house or manufacturer; ref. given. Address
L. B.. box 15 Dlmond. Alameda County. Cal.
A STRONG Scandinavian boy, 13 years of age,
desires a position In a grain and hay barn or
as choreman in hotel. Call or address 322
Fremont st.
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 536 Mont-
gomery et. • •
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook and laundry man
wants situation; city or country. Address
Chinese Cook. 623 Davis St.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 4174 Third.
FINE modern flat. 7 rooms and bath. 625 Golden
Gate ave.. bet. Van Ness ave. and Franklin.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HO WELL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent IIP; no children. •
SANSOME—, 712— Sunny flat. $16. 804 Sansome—
Nice store, $10.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. »4l Brvant.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel Polk 631.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
II ELI* WANTED— FEMALE.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, $30; 7 waitresses, different
country hotels. $20; 2 waitresses, city. $20; 4
chambermaids to wait, $20: 2 chambermaids,
$1S; restaurant waitress, $7; 2 cooks, $25;
mangier, $20, and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
German or Swedish housegirl, country, $30, :
see party here, 2 In family; French housegirl,
$25; housekeeper, country, $15, fare paid;
nurseglrl, care of two children, $12, $15; 60
housogirls, city and country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary st.
3 NEAT young ladies for candy store; no ex-
perience necessary; $7 week to begin; no of-
flce fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Refined and educated woman of
good appearance to travel; past 30 and com-
petent. Box 241, Call office.
WANTED— Woman, good sewing machine oper-
ator: also woman to finish pants; good wages.
504 Kearny St., room 10.
NEAT reliable girl for housework and plain
cooking: small American family; $15. Apply
before 1 p. m., 814 Waller st.
WANTED — A Singer machine operator to mend
overalls. Apply to MRS. BOWMAN. Overall
Laundry and Supply Co., 357 Tehama st.
WANTED— An apprentice girl; paid whll<»
learning. H. DAVIS. 131 Russ st.
APPRENTICES on custom coats. 541 Market
street.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work. CSO Natoma st.
WANTED— A waitress at 912 Michigan St.
GOOD vest hands; $S to $12 to those understand-
lng business: also apprentice. 641^ Stevenson.
GIRL to set type; state wages. Address box
1&3. Call office.
YOUNG girl for general housework; 2 In family.
Call after 10 a. m.. 916 Page st.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Oall
at Chutes at 6 p. m.
LADY In touch with moneyed people; ea3y
work; liberal pay. Box 233, Call office.
NICE young girl for old coupie: no washing;
easy place. S37 Bryant St., near Sixth.
WANTED— Wet nurse for an Infant. Apply
1107 Franklin St.. near O'Farrell.
NEAT girl to take care of 4-year-old child;
sleep at home. 3154 Post st.
WANTED— Good girl on skirts. 1S21 Polk st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; small
family; sood wages. Apply 9 to 12. 2033 Pierce.
SEAMSTRESS at 26 O'Farrell St.. room 2.
WANTED— Girl to do general housework. 838
O'Farrell st.
GIRL for general housework: good wages. 750
Castro st.. near Twenty-first. /
GIRL for light housework; learn dressmaking;
sleep at home; wages SS month. 463 Jessie st.
GIRL for light housework: small family; wages
$15. 1554 Grove St.. call between 1 and 2.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; email
f a m Uy; wages $20. 1532 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN to wash dishes and help In kitchen;
good wages. 1909 McAlllBter et.
WANTEI»-Young girl to assist with house-
work. ?S29 Bush st.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats. Room
SO. St. Anne building. 6 Eddy st. '
WANTED— German girl for general housekeep-
lng; must be good cook; $20. 712 Hayea «t.
GIRL to do plain cooking and general house-
work In small family. 2414 Clay st.
WANTED— A good sewer, also apprentice, for
dressmaking. 120H Hayes st.
TAILORESS wanted as pants finisher. 6VS
Kearny st., room IS, top floor.
FIRST-CLASS operators wanted on coats;
steady work and good pay; work inside. Ap-
ply at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S, 27 Geary St.,
second floor.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and some house-
work; small family; good wages. 2627 Cali-
fornia st.
GERMAN girl wanted to do light housework
and mind 2 children, ages 2 and 4; no cooking;
wages $20. 517 Montgomery st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists;
electric power; steady work: can make $10
per week. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st.
SEWING girls, attention'.— Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee shirts: steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co.. 27 Jessie st.
AN ELDERLY woman wanted. Apply 612
Treat ave., near Nineteenth st.
WANTED — Lady agents to sell photo coupons
in Mission; good money to rustlers. 2239 Mlssn.
WANTED— Experienced apprentices and fin-
ishers on coats; steady work. * 117 Russ st.
APPRENTICES and errand girl in millinery
store at C92 McAllister Bt.
YOUNG girl;- general housework and plain
cooking. 388 Eureka St., cor. Twenty-first.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 858 Howard st,
. between Fourth and Fifth, over ball court.
NURSEGIRL wanted; wages $10. Call between
10 and 12. ' 3342 Clay st.
FINISHERS on custom coats; steady work;
good pay. 304 Tehama at.
GIRL to assist In housework for family of
two. 1749 Ellis at.
WANTED— Elderly German Catholic woman
for housework; $15 month. 782 Fulton st.
YOUNG girl to assist In general housework. 738
Union st.
WANTED— First-class waist trimmer. Apply
at 12C0 Geary st.. after 7 p. m.
YOUNG women's boarding home; 127 Turk; est,
by Christian ladles: board & lodg.. $3 wk. up.
"WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st., bet. 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22QOFlllmore st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^WANTED^S^HiS^^K??H^5?S^t;
Dairyman and do chores for gentleman's
ranch, short distance, J25 to $30 and found;
see boss here. W. D. EWER fc CO., 610 Clay.
BOY or young man to learn bakers' trade: Ger-
man; experienced preferred. 32 Sixth st.
ERRAND boy wanted. 1170 Market St., room
36. • . - ;...-... -:
WANTED— Elderly man to cook for 4 or 5 men;
wages $10 a month. Call 600 Haight st.
WAITER wanted: all-round work. 37 Eddy st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1507 Market St.; call
early. iSsayjH
BARBER wonted; also bootblack; steady Job;
; good wages. 1048 McAllister st. ¦
WANTED- Good plumber. 2987 Sixteenth st.
BOY In clothing house; references required.
t 407 Kearny gt.
'ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S62 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BUSINESS CHAXCES CONTINUED.
CHEAP— A good-paying saloon and 9 well-fur- .
nished rooms: must sell on account of sick-
ness. Apply 63? Sacramento Bt.. near Kearny.
GOOD paying fruit store, with horse and
wagon and 5 nice living rooms: cheap rent;
for sale; reasonable. Box 217. Call office.
FOR sale— The grocery and bar of the late J. \
E. A. HELMS; price. J2500. Apply corner
Eighteenth and Hoyard sts.
WANTED— Single man with $300 as partner In
saloon located 1 block from Hall of Justice.
Apply at 423-42S Jackson st.
GROCERY and bar In good location; stock In
riCht for full purchase price. W. L. HAR-
PER. 3S7 Parrott building.
$12.000— NEW building and stable; lot lOOxlCO;
grocery and bar, stock and fixtures; on end
of car line; clearing J300 a mo. Box 120. Call.
FOR tale— A 3S-room lodging-house; price rea- |
eonable. 649 Howard fit., near Second.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. Inquire 629 ,
Halght St.
I FOR SALE— Cigars, bakery, variety and laun-
j dry. 607 Third st.
A BARBER shop. 3 chairs, across the bay. for
»ale. Address box 12. Call office.
FISH anfi delicacy store for Bale. Address 346
Virginia st., Vallejo.
OYSTER and chop house In mountain town;
doing good business: satisfactory reasons for
selling. Ad. L. BALDWIN. Mokelumne Hill.
INSIDE route on this paper for tale. Apply
CALL fccslness olflce.
LODC!\C-HOlSi:S FOR SALE. ;
A. L. WILLEY. room 18. 816 Market st.
16 rooms, $750: rent with water, $25. Hcward. <
1 near new Postofflce: all rented.
iZ rooms, JUOO; rent with water, $65. Geary
st. : oak furniture ; hot water in every room.
29 rooms. $17C0: rent $100: ore floor. Market
St.. opposite I. O. O. F. building. :
Other houses, lots, farms, mines and any- •
thing you want for sale o r exchange. 916 Mar- 1
ket tt.; open from 8 to 8; phone Black £215. j
I LODGING-HOUSES wanted for cash customers.
! Wiliey. 91»i Market, rm. IS; phone Black 5215.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. room 1. Free list.
New bargains every day— good-paying houses.
Over f>00; all sizes and prices; terms easy.
11 rooms: pays well: rent $40 $300 ;
K rooms: rent JS5: full; respectable 800 .
1 If. rooms: good houss and central 950
is rooms; full; clears $?0 month 600 1
« rooms; clean; central; apartments 3oOO j
50 rooms; snap; central; paying 3600 ,¦
27 rooms; lisht; good furniture: fine 1000 1 •
4* rooms; apartments; clears $107 month. 1600
BUYERS of lodging-houses will find large list;
fine bargains in lodging-houses. Samples: ,
102 roomF; ront $64; price $1500.
12 rooms: rent J34; price $400.
1 44 rooms; rent J250; fine corner* clears $300 a
t month; price S4C00.
i We loan monrY to buyers at 1H per cent.
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market St.. be-
i tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 191L _ .
K. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
£7 rooms. 19 furnished; rent $30 $475
60 rooms; cheap rent 2000
51 rooms; at a bargain SCO j
32 rooms; cost to furnish $S700 1500
$00 OTHER BARGAINS.
AN elegantly furnished boarding-house of 24 ;
rooms: always full of desirable boarders; pay- •
Ing well; rent reasonable: in good central lo-
i cation; large grounds: will sell at a bargain to <
{ right party. Address box 2C4. Call office.
j A— 22-ROOM house; central $1000 ;
20-room house: first -class 1050 ,
ll-room house, J475: 6-room fiat S2S .
ro-room house: Eddy: rent J75: only 900 d
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
A SNAP— S7S00; well -patronized SO-room hotel; j !
Alameda; main street: sell on very easy
terms or exchange for flats or residence. ¦
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market ft. ¦
WILL pay cash for lodging-house of 25 to 40 j
rooms; must be cheap. Box 9.. Call office. j •
14-ROOM sunny corner new house; new furnl- j
| ture: all full: sacrificed. 1032 Market St., r. 4. j -
ROOMING house of 17 rooms on account of
j Fickncs«: cheap. 120A Eddy st. ;
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS. • j
SECOND-HAND surrey, trap top road buggy ]
and cart at O'BRIENS. 500 Golden Gate ave. ¦ ;
, . . — — — - — ¦ <
CALIFORNIA built buggy and harness hi good
order lor sale cheap. 436 Tenth st. i '
_ — . _ . i <
ALL kinds of wagon*, buggies, carts, harness. ;
; etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st. j !
! AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light j
i camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission, i :
j NEW Si. 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har- j
! negy. work driving horPfs. l.'th Sz Valencia, j
; SPIRITUALISM. I :
MRS. DR. FARN'HAM. world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
tuits, divorce*, deaths; unites the separated: I ¦
i- mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed., Fri. cv's; j
: come and be convinced. Permanently located
| S13 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign. |
i MME. TOr.N'OS t»Ft meet, and lecture to- j
, nipM. Neptune Wigwam. Webster-st. station, i
! Ala.; 10c; private sittings to-day at 760 Cen- j
! tral ave., Webster-st. Ftatlon. Alameda.
I UBS. MAXWELL, spiritual meeting to-nght. j
j S o'clock: convincing test. 1238 Howard; r«?ad- ;
I Ings dally. j
MRS. LESTER. 10C3 Market St., room 1; circles J
Sun.. Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m. ; 10c; read, dally. '
i CIRCLE to-night at S nharp.lOc; readings daily. •
j MSIE. MARQUISE. 5 Hyde St.. nr.McAlllster. j
j "CONSULT WATSON," 15S1 Mkt.. nr. 12th; \
medium, clairvoyant, psychic & palmist; 60c &$1. j
MRS. CORNELIA, formerly Mrs. Anthony, it- j
j turned to business; spiritualist. 46 Seventh. !
EDWARD EARLE. psychic. 12S Powell st.. ;
hours 3 to 5; Sunday at K. of P. Hall.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. bos. !
medium, life reader; sltt. $L 1164 O'Farrell. J
MME. MAJORS. gifted spiritual medium, j
¦ healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st., room l. j
' FRIENDSHIP Hall, .333 McAllister-Mrs. C. J. '
Meyer, rlttinjrs: convincing tests to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
I MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance i
medium, la permanently located at 1206 Mar- j
ket St., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 .
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction !
I guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamph- ! '
| let with special terms. i
i MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
I reader, bcrn with double veil & second sight;
; dlatnuJ's disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
i gents tl: palm and clalr. sit Jl 50. 126 Turk. ! ¦
j MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice j
; given in all affairs cf life; satisfaction guar- {
| anteed; Kc up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner. | •
I REMOVED— The treat inspirational card read-
i er; price 25c and 60c: hours 10 a. m. till 9 p.m.
I MADAME VAN BERGEN. 228 Fulton st.
; MRS. E. SANDERS. 514 Taylor St.. near Geary '•
i —Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium; [
\ ladies' circle Thurs.. 2 p.m.; Frl.. 8; dr. 25c. • J
: ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and !
j palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
j Cth; private readings daily, 15 a. m. to 5 p. m.
I MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future. 2Cc. 14S Sixth St., room 14. !
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm- I
ist and card reading, 25c. 1241'- Market st. !
MRS. MELV/LLE.~well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader.me-
dium; 25c up. 823 Mission Pt..nr.4th: ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
lft and card reader; 25c 7 Seventh Et.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and .
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. *425 Golden Cate ave.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
Bluings dally. 44SH Jessie st. ;
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
ed vice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Inerown nails, corn*, absolute cure.
nntnlet.*: consult'n free. Dr. Duncan. 41.*. Sntter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency^No"charge~un^
l«-s« puccensful. Room 310. »27 Market st.
CARPET HEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAITLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Work*. 3^3-357 Tehama St.; lei. South 40.
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair: carpents cleaned,
»c yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at Sc.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944. j
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth et.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Bteam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st.: tel South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main »4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 833 GoUin
Gate ave.: telephone Eaut 12fi. .-.-.: .
Dru:ssMAKi:ns and skamstresses
McDOWELL Dressmaklngand Millinery School ;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st. ':
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex-
amine work; send for circular. 1236 Market. '.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&MoffatU !
B. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Nesa.
HELP WAKTED-UALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary »t.
A NOTICE....
All coal miners in this State or out of the
State who want to go to Gallup. New Mexlcc,
best of wages, free fare, can see superintend-
end Thursday, November 22, in our office;
correspondence solicited. For particulars
apply to ;
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary *t.
•••••' RAILROAD WORK..
60 teamsters. R. R. work. Nevada $2
10 tunnelmen, Los Angeles County $2
6 stonemasons, R. R. work. Nevada J3 50
3 stonecutters. R. R. work. Nevada $3 50
FREE FARE. ..SHIP DAILY. ..FREE FARE
20 farmers for orchard wprk, $20 and board,
steady work; woodchoppers to contract for
200 cords pine wood
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READT Phone Main 584S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
•••• WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
6 laborers, near city, no experience required.
12 day (
Carpet layer, city .....$1 75 a day
Teamsters, city $2 day
10 quarrymen $52
Single hand miners, gold mine $75
Man to use dynamite, blasting tree stumps..
Wagonmakers Stablemen
Farm hands, milkers and butter makers;
Coachman; boy to drive butcher wagon
50 woodchoppers $1 to $3 cord
49 tiemakers, 10c and 12c, tools, provisions
and cabins furnished, special reduced fares.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— EXPERIENCED* superintendent for large
vineyard, located 50 miles from this city. $75
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
A— BUTLER, private family, country: head
waiter for a club, $40 and found; washer and
starcher. $30 and found; ironers; doorboy for
hotel; waiters, city and country; bakers:
bread and cake foreman and second and third
hands, $12 to $20 week; butchers; man for
delicatessen store
15 cooks $30 to $50 and found
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
A— CARPENTERS. 2 good bricklayers, 1 boss
bricklayer, 10 cabinetmakers, 6 bench hand*,
shaper and band sawyer, sash and door man,
2 sticker hands. Mechanics' Registration
Bureau, 410 Kearny St., room 9; non-union
. mechanics please .register; new Jobs daily;
no office fees.
....ITALIAN LABOR SUPPLY COMPANY....
24 MONTGOMERY AVE
Furnish mechanics, miners
Railroad men, ranch hands „..
and woodchoppers at short notice
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Experienced electrical wireman.
must be steady and reliable man; wages $3
per day. Bakersfield Gas and Electric Light
Company, Bakersfleld, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS operators wanted on coats;
steady work and good pay; work Inside. Ap-
ply at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S, 27 Geary St.,
second floor.
BRIGHT, willing boy about 17. Call 8. N.
WOOD & CO.'S, 718 Market st.
WANTED — A bushelman with experience. Ap-
ply at once; steady work. KUTTNER, 204
Powell st.
BOY to learn printing trade; $3 a week first
year. Young Folks' Weekly, 616 Commercial.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at Chutes at 6 p. m.
BOY wanted to drive butcher wagon. Apply
1604 Geary st.
WANTED— Tailor at Koplan Bros., Fresno,
Cal.
BARBER wanted: splendid Inducement. Ap-
ply 212 Townsend st.
WANTED— Painter; stage work. Call before 8
o'clock at corner Twenty-fourth and Folsom.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 912 Michigan St.;
¦wages $20.
GET ycur shoes half soled while waiting. 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WANTED— Gold gilders; none but first-claes
workmen need apply. 8. & G. GUMP CO.,
113 Geary st.
MAN wanted with J1C0 to invest in a paying
business; can make J65 a month; no experi-
ence required. 1016 Market St.. room 10.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 513 Sacra-
mento st.. near Montgomery; one of the lev?
respectable houses where countrymen comlns
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY, Troo.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; 51 to J2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
inducements; catalosrue and map of city free.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 633 Clay St.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old, reliable
firm. S06 Market, rm. 40, Phelan bldg. ; pension
vouchers executed. 23c; advice free.
WANTED — Lunch cook. Corner Pacific and
Battery sts.
WANTED— Good bushelman at RAPHAEL'S.
! WANT diemaker, locksmith or vise hand. W.
11. GUTZMAR. 1706 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
COOD bushelman wanted. Apply 2316 Lyons st.
WANTED— A 2 or 3 chclr barber shop; city or
country. Box TO". Call office.
4-CHAIR barber shop for rent. 759H Howard
street.
DENTIST wanted; graduate & Christian; life
pos. Write H. J. Plomteaux. D.D.S.. Oakland.
! WANTED — 100 men to take, rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, Jt30 Howard St.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y, Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S, F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st,. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading- rooms; free
. 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES — 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco: can be seen: no operation: no pain: par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN Sc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WANTED— Good sound young family horse;
must be good driver. Address, with price, A.
C. 1341 Pearl St.. Alameda.
FOR SALE— Light young span of mares. In-
quire 1202 Mission st.
FOR sale— Brown mare phaeton and harness.
Occident Stable, corner Geary and Polk sts.
FEED Manhattan food: keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 12.">3 Folsom st.. S.F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. TJMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
INVALID CHAIRS AMD THIO1CLES.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
— - LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Lonn Society of San Francisco in th«-
name of JAMES DORAN or HANNAH DO-
RAN, No. 236-1091. The finder will please re-
. turn to bank.
LOST— On Monday evening, on Twenty-fourth
st., gentleman's black waistcoat. Finder will
be rewarded upon leaving same at 1206 Guer-
rero st.
LOST— Silver fob (4 silver coins) on Kearny st.,
bet. Post and Sutter; suitable reward. Jewel-
er. 141 Post st.
LOST— Pair of field glasses in Branch Cafe
about 11 p. m. Sunday. Return to FULLER &
KLEIN, 39 Second St.: reward.
LOST— Nov. 13. white fox terrier pup. Please
return to 358 Lexington ave.
SHEPHERD pup. 5 months old. strayed from
2516 Broadway; J5 reward. A. F. RODGERS.
LOST— Cocker spaniel setter dog; year old;
lemon and white. 2502 Broadway.
LOST— Tuesday, a cocker, spaniel, with white
spot on face and feet tipped with white; lib-
eral reward. DR. DAVIS, 942 Sutter st.
MEDICAL.,
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market— Ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully;. positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one, can use It with satisfaction: perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W.' O'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp. Sth; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tatlon free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 MARKET ST., corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment, $5: positive cure guaranteed; when
others fall consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007H Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have, cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist for
37 years; can be sent. 323 Kearny st.
MTJS1CA_ I5STBniE5TS.
A^f °. L t-;TELY~~ the oldest and largest hou»»
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
a ™ *> O'Farrell et.; pianos, organa and
.i.* _f r mus lcal instruments of all grades
fJ"P Prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
cus"ome OSSll)le done to » Iease &nd »a« s fy the
B^I»iT en i stock In cItv : n ' lW rlanos; $3 per
____j h ___g£gTTjgrRTAZ. 560 Hayes at.
S^ E f^ 1^? vi °Hns. xlthers. o'ldfanrl re-w. H.
MULLER^jnaker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
n£££U*2?*_. "Prlght piano: sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness.. 9gf McAllister St.
A w?ii lnff ° ut of pianoa frvr storage: dirt cheap:
lnstallmentajjvi^o^ Jtorage. 1710 Market.
r ia I T' t *!r "° Ifl: nlce «Pr!* nt P«a no -
frUlAlITZ. KJktcAlUsterst-, next Hib. Bank.
H ov-r"*^, DE £ Ianos: «*«*' HarttnarVCoB-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
OFFICES^AXn STORES TO __T
IB IIH IP® « S as
l.gnt. neat, janitor ar.d use nt phone.
STORE to let; suitable for barber shop «W
ren P s? r 8tattonery sto ": low rent. MO'Fa>
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITzC'iJo Pino street
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXrHANC"
Country corrfspo n d»r.c» solicit,.,! * *~
OIL, _A\DS FOR SALE.
PROVEN 1 oil lands In the Kern River field for
sale: no stock proposition: no wildcat scheme-
this is sure territory In the largest and best
known field In California. If you want to form
a company buy good '.3.m\ on the line of th<»
railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN A SOMES 3
C. MASON, agent. 11 Montgomery gt.
jgAg^ysTK-y.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. sclent: fio palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary aM Post; tel. Black 5m.
MME. NEERGAARD. 7V> Post: teL Hyde mt;
hour" 1 to 5 #ve.. »n«l Sn-vl.iv h-r aroo'Ti»?-»-i-
~ PATENTS A>D PK.NSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successfj;.
GEO. D. CAMPRKLL. lawyer. Ex-iminer b'.g
PERSONALS.
FRED^XIANX. magnetic healer of nervous and
o'her diseases, specialist in head trouble and
rheumatism: pamphlet sent free. 84S McAllis-
ter. Note— Having lately arrived I will cur-»
free of charge a limited number of aenta
cases of rheumatism, neuralgia, sciatica an!
acy head, trouble. Apply early. FRED MANN.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 732;
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
Bt»red furniture cleaning a specialty: fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS., 318 and Z2<i 11th st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEDERER. the hair dresser; all the very new-
est opera hair styles, only 25c; switches. Jl
up; hair ornaments a specialty. 123 Stockton.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous and
other diseases, specialist in head trouble and
rheumatism; pamphlet sent free. S43 McAl'.lstr.
AN experienced detective solicits work: mining
cases a specialty; best of references given.
Address Detective. S. F. P. O.
CONSTIPATION cured by using the Dilator or
Blood Circulator: self -treatment; no drugs or
medicine; price 13. 9S2 Geary; consult free.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; Jl
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market at., be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable- rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie Bt-
LEDEUER'S Quintonlca hair tonic: beautifies;
tares from falling out; try It: 33c bottle.
A BLONDE girl baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUXKE. 141S Eighth St.. Alameda.
MRS. Dr. James positively cures rheumatism
without druss or medicine. 23 Eddy. rm. SO.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
mole*; trial free. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo Is the best scalp
cleanser In the world, Gc package.
ASK for unequaled J>. F. Black Sueds Gloves;
$1 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. S24 O'Farrell st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corncure; 25c; all druggists.
BUY your coal of LANGE & GOFF. successors
to W. H. Wlseman.1711 Sacto.; t?l.Sutter 2778.
STJITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
lng Co.. 1S44 MTit.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JKNKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDCM3 Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: Jl; at all druggist*.
PIIYSICIAXS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. 26V4 Kearny it.—
New hygienic sanitarium: supposed incurabls
chronic diseases are cured by electro hygiene. -
DR. C. C. OTX>XNELL— Office and residence,
1021^ Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh. -
PnOPERTY WASTED.
WANTED— Place of 4 or 5 acres In Santa Clara
County, near railroad town, with good school.
Address with particulars, S. E. BROWN.
Mok-lumne Hill. Cal.
REAJL ESTATE— -CITY FOR aA\JB.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. """" """"
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
30 MOXTOOMERT ST.
Peremptory sale of valuable downtown prop-
erties by order of the executors of the estaia
of C. F. Fargo, deceased.
J6O.00O— SE. corner Grant ave. and Bush at.:
large lot 63xlC0 feet, with brick ana
frame Improvements, occupied aa th»
original Poodle Dog restaurant and
stores. We have plans and estimates
for the remodeling of this flna old-es-
tablished corner property so that It will
pay over 7 per cent net; rents now fcr
J4100 per annum.
$22,500— Front St., east side, between California
and Sacramento; substantial brie*
building; always occupied; renta J'.idO
per annum; lot 21:9xS7:S.
$50,000— Grant ave., between Sutter and Bush,
corner Harlan place: fln» 4-story brick,
stores and lodging-house; large lot 41-
foot front.
J18.5CO— Valuable corner, fronting Golden Cat*
Park, occupied for years as Dickey's
roadside-house; grand :ot 120x190; NW.
corner Fulton or D st. and Sixth av«..
with frame buildings. In vtew of th»
removal of the Chutes to this vicinity
this well-known corner Is Reserving oC
special consideration, as values ar« cer-
tain to enhance.
$isa>— Easily worth $2000; lot n:«xlO4:«; on
Fulton or D St.. between Sixth and
Seventh aves.; fronting Golden Gaxa
Park.
$3CC0— Third st. business property; west tide,
between Folscm and Harrison: fr.im •
building. store and roomlng-housa
above; always rented; tat 25xS0.
flO.EMV— Cheap; lot 50- foot front on Fourth ft.,
between Bryant and Brannan: 4-story
building. .stores and rooms; Nos. 512.
E14 and rs.
J950O— Stores and flats: Nos. 1109-1111 Folsom
st.. between Soventh and Eighth; lot
37:6x50 to rear street; rents $TSO per
annum.
ALSO.
JH.5CO— SpJendia ranch property of SS« acres of
fine land. level and rolling, on San
Pablo Creek, aoout 13 miles from Saa
Pablo. Contra Costa County; ampl«
water supply. Th» California and Ne-
vada Railroad passes through this
ranch. It is understood, that this roaj
will shortly be acquired by the San
Joaquln Valley Railroad as a short cut.
into North Oakland, which will revo-
lutionize values throughout this valley
This property has been leased for over
16 years to one tenant.
Th« above properties are positively ordered
to be sold at once to close the estate,
J22.500— Fine sunny corner property on Taylor
St.. close in; 53-foot front; excellent lo-
cation for private hotel or rooming-
house, and will pay 8 per cent nei*
tenant offers guaranteed lease.
J10.C0O— Storage or stable; brick building: 73-
foot front, near Howard and Ninth ata. I
a bargain; building cost $3500.
Fine large corner lot. lCflx200 f e «t. near Mis-
sion and Thirteenth st3. ; three fronts:
cheap.
$11.7i0 only: mortgaged for $10.000— Downtown
business property; 4-story building- all
rented; a sacrifice.
DAVIDSON" ft LEIGH.
(>"'¦/" 30 Montgomery at.
$5C0-A HOME tn Ocean view; 4-room cottagt*-
lr.t 25x125: in centsr of town; must be sold :
all conveniences of the city, with schools,
j churches, bprlng \ alley water, pestofflce de-
livery, groceries, butcher shops, etc - fare to>
all parts of city 5c; the cheapest honvt in San
JMW> EACH— 2 etegant new dwelling houses con-
I tainlnr S room* and bath, on the east aid*
I of Masonic ave., 1 block south of Trederlci.
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PCSINEES OFFICE ef The San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third Btreets, open
until 12 o'clcck every eight Jn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; ccen until 9:30 p. tn.
*0tl Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAlllfter street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Litrkln street: open until 8:39 p. m.
•'•41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
J?S1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
r* ii 9 r. m.
ire Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
IC56 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky ftreet*; open until S p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ISLAM Temple, Mystic Shrine. S^Jt^^rf
Gulden Gate Hall. C5 Fut- {K5JC>^
t*r «t — Regular meeting THIS »tJ a
• WEDNESDAY) EVENING at ><3S5sr
e o'clock for business and full A^Es^A
rererr.onles ar.d banquet. All [if \i)
Nobles cordially invited. By Ul fJ
order of the III. Potentate. v^. Js
HIAAM T. GRAVES.
Recorder.
MEMBERS of San Francisco 1HJJK]
Corslstory No. 1. A. and A..^ iSIl
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry — fif! jgl T%
You are notified to assemble kKSKS*
fit <Vrr.r:arid»ry Hall, Ma.«o::ic jJ^LjW^iEfjn
Temple on • '-' iM —•
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 14, 1950, 'iSL]
tt 1 $>. m. * *
to take part In the funeral
ot-reque* of our late brother.
CYRUS MOODY PLUMMER.
HENRY BURNER, Registrar.
CALIFORNIA~Lo<ige No. 1. F. and A. a
M— The officers and members of the i^.
above r.arrsed lodge are hereby notified TL5f
to attend the funeral of our late ' yf
brother. CYRUS MOODY PLUMMER. In
King Sclomcn'* Hall. Masonic Temple. THIS
I'AY (Wednesday). Nov. 14. 1900. at 2 p. m.
Matter Masons and friends of the deceased
are Invited. By order of the Master, :
FRANKLIN EL DAY. Secretary.
MCKNT MORIAH Lodge. No. 44. F. and »
A. M -Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _A
EVENING at 7:2'< o'clock. Firft .5?- 7SJT
gree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. '?*
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. M. •
rvgr-e second THIS EVENING. Nov. _^V_
24 at 7:30 o'clock. By order of the Jt2f
W. M H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. /V'
F.XCELFIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. *
M. -Special meeting THIS (WED.VES-.A
r>AYl EVENING. Nov. 14. at 7:3<.>7C3T
o'clock. THEO. E. SMITH. Sec. /V>
MISSION Lodge No. ]6<>. F. and A. M.— •
failed meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING at 7."" o'clock. Third ii 1 - JtX
Free. GEO. D. FLACK. Sec. /^F »
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders cf the Honolulu Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of
the cempany. No. S27 Market street. San
Francisco. California, on MONDAY, the ISth
iay of November. 1900, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of diiectora to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction cf such other busi-
net* as maj come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Thursday, November
E. IS0O. at 2 o'clock p. m.
E. H. EHELDON. Secretary.
A?«NVAL meeting — The regular annual meeting
er the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany. No S27 Market street. San Francisco.
California, on MONDAY, the 19th day of No-
vember. 1900. at the hour or 11 o'clock a. m..
fcr the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tcr* to serve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of such other business as nu.i
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Thursday. November 8. 1900. at
i o'clock v- m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENT? rrented to sell stock In Rival Oil Co. ;
C46 Market it.
FECURE agency Xmas novelty; sample 20c. [
Faft Import Agents' Supply Co.. 1125 Market.
ASPIIALTIM BOOFKG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: r^ta!. 11^6 IClsatoa: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGV.
t)R. C. TOUSEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astro'.o-
cer— Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. T27 Market «.. Clh floor, room t>2;
— Estate?, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
r ollpetionfi: all i-a«»*: fair fees: no advance :
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howsrd 15o.\
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without FUcc<"ff; collection*. G. W.
HOWE. 8tty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
NOTARY Pl'BLIC
Wanted for attorney's office: fixed salary.
A<lrtre?s X. Y.. Call office.
I. EDW. JAKRETT! Hearst bldg., Third and
Market e ts. : phnne Red S262.
FKEE advice: <31vorc» laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
AT>VI'~E free; nn charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L S (XARK, Emma Sjireckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket t-t.; ront-ultatlon free; no fef-s in advance.
BATH CABIXETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara. Perfection and others. W.
P. BROWN CO.. agency. 42fi Ellis ft.. S. F.
BOARDI>G KOIt CHILDREN.
WANTED— A home with man and wife for two
boys (orphans), aged 11 and 14 years: conve-
nient to public school. Address, with terms
and particulars, box 220. Call office.
UICVCLK!> For Sale or Kichancc
GOOD second-hand bicycles: Al condition: Co-
lun:bias. Whites. Hartfords. A'len. 1970 Page.
1HM.M>S CHAXCES.
A— $30» — Oyster and chop house, opposite R. R.
dfpot. across the bay; dally receipts $J0; rent
V£. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny.
A-I250O; CLEANING and dying works; estab-
li»hed for many years; a clear monthly profit
o' J2.V> guira:iteed; knowledge of business not
BeceEsary: a rare chance, but must be taken
at once. Call R. O. WILKE. 26\i Kearny st.
A— Jl"750; CORNER liquor store and saloon, one
block from Call bldg.: place clearing 13'jO per
month: lease; first -class business opening.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26*, Kearny st.
A— *7»0: COFFEE saloon, oyster artd chop house,
close to Alcazar Theater; rent $75; a first-class
laying business; sickness compels owner to
«acriflce. See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $3000; SALOON on Market St.: rent $73. ln-
cludliif; ;i furnished rooms; daily receipts
about $50; mercantile lunch: lease: first-class
paying proposition. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
IE4 Kearny ist.
A— J3O; CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
r>!«ee e*iab. year*: good payins: no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
A-IS00; BOOK store on Sutter et. doing a good
hufines*: owner muft leave In 1 week for
Kart : «ock invoices near double. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26', Kearny st.
$.VX) — ON account of sickness; restaurant in
Berkeley, clearing $100; splendid opportunity
for husband and wife. ('LOSE. 209 Kearny.
IF you desire to sell your busineFB quickly call
on CLOSE & CO.. 209 Kearny «.. room 1.
tiustnecs etrlotly confidential.
A PARTNER wanted in a manufacturing and
contracting business; duties will be the col-
lecting, taking orders in office and keeping ac-
counts. J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. 622 Market.
PARTNER wanted, man or woman; business
•-stablished for year*. LANE &. CO.. S65 Mkt.
LOANS on all kinds of bric-a-brac statuary.
curios, wedgewood. Dresden ware, Ivorys,
bronzes, silver ware and all articles of vaiue:
lowest Interest; private entrance and room:
perfect tsecrecy; phone Brown 246; established
USL UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grat.t ave.
I HAVE a first-cla?* paying restaurant fe-v
'loons from comer Market and Powell sts. ;
Ul health compel? me to sell the business:
price J30O0. or will take a gf*od partner for-
S1C50. Address box 376C. Call office.
WANTED— A partner with some cash; manu-
facturing: exclusive business: good money
from tlie start: will bear investigation. Call
«r write HERRICIC. C21 Randolph St.. Napa.
FOR eale cheap— An old-established butcher
ehop in Cood location; on account of owner
retiring from business. Apply E. M.. box 243,
Call.
J12'*— PARTNER wanted In butter and egg
business: will net £50 per month to each; wiii
i!tan<J Investigation. Box 221. Call office.
WILL trade ranch near city for paying liusi-
neat. Address Mutual, box 231. Call office.
PA KERS— Bakery complete to let: NW. cor.
54th tnd Guerrero Bts. Owner 128 Chattanooga.
WHITE Front saloon. C29 Washington st. ; no
agent*: rood chance; going to country.
f:C»— CORNER saloon on business street. 2
blocks from Call building; reasons departure
for the East. For particulars apply to S.
RLl'MENTHAL. & CO.. 658 and 6C0 Mission.
A COOD chance for party with small capital te
invest In gents' furnishing goods and notions,
with *tore fixtures; for sale cheap. Inquire
variety ttore. 2012 Ehattuck ave.. Betkeley.
4— BARGAINS In rooming housec. branch bak-
eries, restaurants, business chances, real es-
tate. 1C~ Market ct.. room 4.
»— SNAP
Oiop house, at Eighth tt.
A— n00; DELICACT & home bakery: clears $150
_c; aacrlflced; trial given. 1032 Market, r. 4.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs/
practice; guaranteed treatment at office, $3,
any ailment; home for patients; consult free.
942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sanl-
tarlum. 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market-Ladies- spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure. $5; best care. low
fees; when all others fall consultjree. ,
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' specialist; home
for patients. 510 Eddy st.
BIISCELLANEOUS FOR 9A1^^^
B^n^sTe^nesTld^hand ma 5 h i, ne^;_ t M 8 t"
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont Bt.
BARS, back bars, mirror?., showcases i^Fi-i".
linoleum, new and second-hand; we »{*»£
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand.
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made.
we can ship everything in 24 n°urs- J.
NOON AN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic > ant , e "J*? < B 2 ;'
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 down and $5
per month; write for catalogue and prtce.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st; rentals, new machines. $3 per month. .
A-BUYS. sells or rents ***' .™f h *. ae ™\,JZl'
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
BEAUTIFUL snake-shape ring set with 3 nice
diamonds for $35; original cost $60. LNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. .
COPY of newspaper over 100 years old. con-
taining funeral notice of George Washington.
Address J. SIGMUND. Gen. Del- City.
A SMITH-PREMIER typewriter, second-haud;
send for price. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110
Montgomery et. m
TO PRINTERS— Two revolution four-roller Cot-
trell & Babccck press; print sheet 32x48. Box
1S8. Call office.
5-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline «»Sin e '
$110; can be eeen running at 623 Golden
Gate a ye. __________^_—
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete- dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & aON,
16 O'Farrell st
FINE suit. $10; dre3s pants. J2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
A-$3 59 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressore. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
FOR SALE— Pet deer. Address D. GAL-
BREITH. box 38. Stockton. Cal.
GREAT Dane; broke to harness: will carry
child on his back; cheap. 810 Howard at.
L. SPARBER & SON removed 634 Mission St.;
pay highest price for tools and machinery.
GASOLINE engine; second-hand; all sizes;
cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
.-proof eafe. 216 California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROQH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market St., San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LADIES' and gents" cast-off clothlns bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 10!) Sixth St.: tel. Jessie HI.
A — CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought;
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn; phone Black 1201.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD.'ITIO Market St.
MOHEY TO LOAJT.
ANY amount en furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payabl*
back in Installments or aa a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we vrtll
pay It and carry the loan aa long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see ue
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call CS-69 Dcnohoe bldg.. 1170 Market
AA — BEST rutes and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 830 Market
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY amount at S per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
: gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: < per cent; Ilrst.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN St. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
i liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
st.: tel. Main 16<*. Eranch 19 Third st
A— $300,COO ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages: notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
LOANS, Ist or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6%;undl-
vlded lnts: estates. HARPER.397 Parrott bdg.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 36S Parrott butld-
• Ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
TO' salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott bla*.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg Co.. 222 Sansome St., r.2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. S3 Taylor st
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
tndorser. MORRELL. 6C3 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
§ dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b'g.
MONEY WANTED.
"WANTED — Loan of $3000 for S years; city prop-
erty. Box 228. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTIIUMENTS.
CALL and see our stock of new Decker * Son
pianos, in all the latest styles of walnut ar.J
mahogany cases. They are beauties and,have
the loveliest tone and most perfect touch of.
any make. Cash or payments at MAUVAIS',
769 Market st.
NOW Is the time to secure a fine Packard or-
gan for the Christmas services In your church
or Sunday school. Low prices and easy terms
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
NO matter how cheap you want to buy or how
small payments you want to make, you may
lcs>e money by not calling on us before clos-
ing a bargain. We sell all kinds of musical
goods cheap, for cash or on payments. MAU-
VAIS Music Co., 76?. Market st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy's
j have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best ofrered to th«
public for the past three years. A large size
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with
. stool and cover, warranted for five years for
$350. $6 cash and $6 per month. This Is not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY, Sole Agent
Sohmer & Co.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 308. 310, 312 Post.
A £I' » ¦£ u 7*£; e r " of P lanos at SHERMAN.
CLA1 & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed-
the best makers of every trade to select from'-
beautlful new uprights $6 cash. $6 per month :
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
f£ n n t r.t n ?% C akla C nd ner BrOadWa^ «* Thlr-
BAROAJNS— Prices this week aa an ad"
Bluthner grand, cost $1000, for.... ' *3"
Schuman upright, cost $300. for.... "ail
Sherman & Clay, cost $275. for.. z£" S
Stelnway upright, cost $475. for... '.'.".'" isa
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 GeaVV'st.
"eps. 1 - ss^^cs^Ai^saj-a p d? F n a°r 9 :
rell St.; Chlckerlng agency and 'everything
pertaining to mosic: symphonlon music boxes.
SALE of high-grade pianos at factorv nrirn
this week. THE DEWING CO?* #Sd P bidg?
NEUMAN upright. $75; Sherwood. $S5- Peek
$100: other bargains. BruennT 208 Poft .t.
GENTLEMAN going East must sacrifice ele-
gant upright grand piano; 3 pedals. 333 Turk.
DENTISTS.
AT"the*Z^CTRO*-15ENTAL"cin«cr»»"Ma»'"
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
53 to up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
deiful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
wcrranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings. 60c;
crowns, $3 60; plates, full set. $5 CO; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
fors. 24 Sixth st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
i —No charge for extracting when plates are
I made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1S41 Polk st I |
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction.
50c. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy. 426 Ellis.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
I tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
B. F.— Bookkeeping. «horthand. typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day!
I [ and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
school for t?ie university, law and medical ;
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn in a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
i NELL, room 53. Thurlow block, 126 Kearny st
i AYRES" Business College. 723 Market st. : day
and evening; individual instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
! HE FAILED: had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrot bldg,
he would not; be wise.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123S Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mlnlpg.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr,
MR. and MRS. D. M.A.NSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; ?5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.'
421 Post st., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 526 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5138.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Waiters, cooks,
dishwashers: est. 1890. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office^ — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 276.
ORPHEOI Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
r.est help. 411H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42S.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
RESPECTARLE woman, with girl 5 years,
wants housework in rooming-house or pri-
vate family; references; no triliers; wages $10.
' 741 Howard st.
WANTED— By nn elderly woman, a situation
to do housework: is good plain cook; will do
light wash. 225 Minna st.
! AN experienced young girl wants a position as
; cook or any kind of work in a private family.
Address box 230. Call.
• A RELIABLE elderly Eastern woman wishes
j to care for little children and sewing: good
I plain cook and housekeeper. Box 211, Call.
j AMERICAN girl, 14 years, wishes position In
I respectable family to care for child or other
j light work. 1522 Sanchez Et.
j SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do house-
work and cooking. 6Vi Freelon St.. bet. Third
and Fourth. Bryant and IJrannan.
i A COLORED woman wishes a situation as
• maid or second girl. Call at 235 Stevenson.
I DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter:
! sews 6('c a day. M. M., box 245, Call office.
i TWO girls from the country want housework.
I Call 71S Greenwich St., upstairs.
[ GIRL. German descent, would like to do house-
| wcrk. Call 30 Pnce st.
I FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation;
j will do some housework. 750 Howard st.
! SWEDISH Blrl wants place to do second work;
! good references. Call 1022 Larkin et.
| SITUATION wanted by young woman; good
plain cook, $20. . % 21 Franklin st.
YOUNG lady desires position, companion to
invalid: would care for children. Address
L. A.. 1250 California St. *
CAPABLE Swedish woman, with a child of
; 7, wishes a situation. Address MRS. ISAK-
I ¦ SEN. 3191 Eighteenth st.
I GERMAN woman wishes situation to do Ren-
j tral housework or keep house; good plain
cook; wages $12 to $15. Call 9 Minna et.
WANTED^-Care of Invalid lady by lady with
b*st of references. Box 212. Call office.
: WANTED — A position as governess to young
children or companion to lady. Address MISS
JAMES, Alameda P. O., Cal.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night. $1 50 X.O $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
t EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
COMPETENT man. 29. very willing, seeks sit-
uation as general clerk in any kind of busi-
ness; speaks and writes English, German and
French fluently: good references. Please ad-
dress GRUENIGEX. 1043 Mission ft.
1 SITUATION by coachman: first-class garden«'n
i and driver; sober, reliable, trustworthy; <t
years last place; best references. Box 221,
j Call office.
WANTED— Situation by a bright young man
dO good education: would like a posttlon
where he would have a chance fOr advance-
ment; references. Box 226, Call office.
ELDERLY man seeks employment of any kind;
willing to do chores or work about house In
city or country; speaks French and German;
good penman. Box 138, Call office.
POSITION in small Job printing office; feed
Gordon press; do all kinds of work generally
coming to such offices; references. Box 229,
Call office.
POSITION wanted by an experienced man as
assistant engineer or machinist; best of city
references by well known mechanics. Box
246, Call office.
YOUNG man desires position as bookkeeper or
office assistant; reference furnished. Box
242. Call office.
YOUNG man wants two months' work In cake,
bakery: wages no object, has had some ex-
perience. Address J. II., 3633 Nineteenth Et.
WANTED — Position as elevator man or night
watchman. Address C. C, Pioneer House,
48 Fourth st.
MAN 30 years of age, sober, reliable and trust-
worthy, wishes position In wholesale house as
• porter; best of references. Box 224, Call.
I COACHMAN and eardener and man about
I place.; first-class all-round . handy . man and
handy with all kinds of tools. Box 244, Call.
GOOD bartender would like a position; best
references; city or country. 72S Fourth st.
I STEADY, sober young man, 19 years old. wants
position; best references. J. L., box 232, Call.
FIRST-CLASS waiter wants position. Address
box 227. Call office.
EXPERIENCED boot and shoe clrrk wants
position. Address box 227, Call office.
YOUNG man desires position to run elevator;
experienced. Box 223. Call office.
YOUNG man of 12. wishes a posttlon to help
In a business house; small wages to start;
has English grammar course; speaks Spanish;
residing/with parents. Box 214, Call office.
WANTED— By educated man, situation as ac-
countant or city salesman. ¦ Box 215. Call. .
i FIRST-CLASS baker, German, wants steady
work. Box 204, Call office. ¦ . ¦ ¦
; HONEST young Japanese boy .wishes posttlon
1 as school boy or housework. Address S. O.,
, tO5 Dupont at.GERMAN STEAMER ISIS. THE LAST OF THE KOSMOS LTXE TO AR
RIVE IN SAN FRANCISCO FROM HAMBURG VIA THE STRAITS OF
MAGELLAN AND SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMERICA.
TO SAIL.
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 14.
Mrs M Carter. Nome
P L Clark. Denver
F A Pierce. Chicago
M Heckman & W. X Y
Miss N Heckman. X Y
Mrs SaKer. N Y
Miss L McCormlck.B C
Mrs J Walliltlg. Vancv
Mrs R B Black. Cal
G Eckler. St Louis
C L Spencer. D*lta.Ca»
A R Moulton. nimfi.i
J Seeba, Chicago
J Sullivan. Chicago
John Sullivan: ChlcafcO
Miss L OfConnor.LBns
C R Johnson &? w. N Y
S H Mayhood. Calgary
F E Marlow. Chicago
J M Grant.- Spokane •
T Loner, N Whatcon*
R II Shattuctt. Seattle
Miss B RJcftttS. Bostqn
Miss M O'Brien. Bostn
Mrs Shattock. Seattle
17 M Stra.lley. Seattle
W A Good. Seat.tle
G H Schaab. Seattle
J B Daly A fm. Seattle
E A Fuller. Los An*
J H Traynor, L Ang
K Peterson, Seattle
E M Peterson. Seattle
MI.«9 A O'Rourke. Stls
E "P Judson. Chicago
Mrs O Stevenson. Chgo
C A Rice. Dawmn
K B Cahltl, Seattle
P Hancock. Nome
Mrs P K Jones A chid.
San Jos»
J M Plerson. St Louis
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
PALACE
r Holland. Phtla
F W Stephensen. Cal
H V Croll. Si-okane
n I Wheeler & w. Cal
E Chambers. Los Ang
W E Johnson 4 w. Cal
J 3 White. Anln
A B Stpphens, St Lou!
E J Gates. Los. Ang
P Bonthoo & w. B C
M Stein. St Louis .
G E Turner. Nevada
A J Niles. N Y
T Koboysakl. N Y
CJ N Blackburn, Cal
H W Frank. Cal
C C Gowlng. Oakland
L H Ltttiefleld. R I
H Gottschalk. Chisro
E Lacey, Portland
M B Greenwood. Mont
Dr N L Eastman St w,
N T
H G Stevenson it w,
Menla • .
W S Hobart & w, Cal
S Mackay. Los Ang
F P Morrison & w. Cal
HOTEL. -
Victoria
Miss Dunsmulr,- Vic
Mrs A Dunsmuir. Via
Mrs 7. Sprague. Pe*tt!«
Mrs L Moore, Seattle
Katie Moore. S«attl?
Mrs G M .Bowman, Cal
E R roibr. N T
A .T Hammond. Tamp*
I H Parks, Jackson •
E Marston & w. Boston
G M Bowman. S Joae
C H Hood. Cdko
Q Lufkln. -St Loulr
C E Hubel. 3 Rafael
Mrs C W Parks. Cal
Mrs E G Klauber. Chg
I W Surbure. N Y
A R Turner Jr. N Y
Mrs A R Turner. Jf T
.V S K#lth & w. Cal
P H Sexton, Montana'
SImf Schumann-Helnke
F^Murphy Jr. N J
A Busch. St Louis
Mrs J D Dunsmuir.
K Fisher. Cal 5
GRANT* HOTEXu
I Goldman. Merced
3 Motheral. Vlsalla
D Munson, Los Ang
J H Drain. Los An?
A Gosliner. Rudley
B W Wells, Humboldt
L Wheeler, Alaska
P Babcock, Tacoma
E Babcock, Tacoma
Mrs J McMurray & dtra
Weaverville
Mrs E L Colvtlle. Cal
Mm J Lane. Martinez
r F Woodslde & w, Cal
J Sinclair & w, B C
H Roarers, Seattle
W Powell, Berkeley
U ¦ Ros*»ndal«. P Grove
L R Payndstone. Cal
C F Lacy & w, Sacto
* Walker. Grass Valley
A D Swift. Chicago
B H Barnes & w. Cal
Mrs K B Anderson, Sac
Mabel Clark. Sacto
J C Flynn. Wash, DC
E E Clark. Mich
5 O Beach. Placervllle
W,E Trainer & w. Pa
W S Stoddard. R Bluff
MrsV Latlmer. Seattle
3 Newman. Vallejo
A H Lee1». England
P Moore. San Jose *
II Ctox. Uki&h
Mrs J Nash. ModeAo
J S O'Calla?han A w,
Sacramento
D O'Callaghan, Saeto
W H Alken A w. Cal
J Worth. Oakland
B W Morgan. Seatt!»
M J Grammont. II?
B F Weathej-by. Bostero
D W Strodthoff. Aril
J E Egxlsston. N Y .
E S Vance, Oakland i
T J McArthur, Seattle
W R Stout, Ky
r H Rlchard3on. : Wash
3 J Stanwood, S-Barha
3 Nelson. San R&fael
3 Maher. Kresno
Dr B R Ward. US A
M Williams A w. Cat
D F Davis, Chlcaft-9
H A Smith. St Loul*
p E Oliver. Chicago
¦f* A BueU. Stockton
ij S Beard. Cal
I Collins. Rio Vint*
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NOTE— In th« above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given la the left
hand column and tha successive tides of th*
day In the order of occurrence- as to time of
day. tha third time column the third tide *nd •
the last or right hand column, gives the last ¦
tide of the day, except when there are bnt
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are in addition to tha soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height, and •
then the number given Is subtracted from the i
depth given by the charts. Tha plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of . High . and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Ba}% Published by official au.
thority of the Superintendent.
MOTE- The high and low waters occur at th«
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide la the earns at both places.
Sun rises 6:4?
Sun sets 4:53
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
SAILED.
Tuesday, November 13.
Stmr Gec» Loomls, Eridgett, Ventura.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. Eureka.
Stmr Washtenaw. Zollinc, Tacoma.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, .
Stmr GlDsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Jahnson. Eureka.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Navarro. Peterson, Bowens Landing-.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer, Hongkong, I
etc. ¦
SPOKEN.
Nov 1, lat 37 20 N, lofi 16 43 YV— Br ship Tas
mania, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia-
Sept 19, lat 61 S. Ion 53 W— Ship Luiqn, from
Kahului. for Philadelphia.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Kov 12— Cargo of Br ship Honolulu
at Rio surveyed and Immediate sale recom
mended.'
LONDON, Nov 13— Fr bark Marguerite Dol
fus. bound from Beira for San Francisco, put
into Melbourne. Lost fore and main topgal
lant masts
POINT LOBOS, Nov 13. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Nov 13— Scl»
Nettle Sundhorer. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Nov 12— Bark Ru
fus E Wood, for Adelaide.
Arrived Nov 13— Schr Compeer, from. Pago
Pago.
EUREKA-Arrlved Nov 13— Stmr Eureka, hnc
Nov 12.
Sailed Nov 13— Schr Ida McKay, for San
Francisco; stmr Iaqua, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 13— Ger ship Malpo,
from Santa Rosalia.
Sailed Nov 1J— Schr Sacramento, for San
Francisco.
NL'AH BAT— Passed In Nov 12— Ger bark St
Marys Bay, from Cardiff.
CREPCENT CITY— Sailed Not 13— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 13— Ship Isaac Reed,
hence Nov L
Palled Nov 12— Schr Nofcomls. for San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 13— Stmr Czarina, for Tacoma.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Empire.
SAN Arrived Nov 12— Schr I>aunt
less. from Willapa; schr Occidental, from Eu
reka; schr Ludlow, from Port Blakeley.
Salled'Nov 12— Stmr Brunswick, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Newsboy, for San Francisco; «chr
La Gironde. for Grays Harbor. t>
SAN-DIEOO — Arrived Nov 13— Br «hl» Falk
land, from Newcastle. Aus.
Sailed Nov 13— U S stmr Ranger.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 13— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Nov 13 — Stmr
San Mateo. from Nanalmo.
Sailed Nov 13— Stmr Alcatraz. for San Fran
cisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Luella, henco
Nov 13.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov II— Ship Standard, for
Honolulu. Nov 13— Bark Levl G Burgess, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Sailed Nov 12— Br stmr Knight
Errant, for Manila.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER- Arrived Nov
13— Ship Henry B Hyde, from Honolulu.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 12— Ship I F Chap
man, from Honolulu.
Sailed Nov 13— Stmr Flnanc«. for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PISA GUA— Sailed Not 1— Schr John I> Tal
lant, for Kahului.
CARDIFF— Arrived Nov 13— Br snip Wendur,
from Oregon.
NANA1MO— Arrived Nov 11— Nor stmr Tlta
nla. hence Nov 7.
Sailed 1 Nov 12— Nor stmr Titanla, for San
Francisco.
MONTEVIDEO— Arrived Sept 23— Fr bark
Eugenia Fautrel, from Swansea, and ealled for
San Francisco. "... . „ „,
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov »— Stmr Olympta.
from Tacoma.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Oct 22— Br »hlp
Dunsyre, for Astoria; Br ship Poltallocn, for
SYDNET— Sailed Oct 7— Br ship Lord Cairns,
from Newcastle. Aus, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG — To pail Nov 13 — Jap stmr Ids
umi Maru, for Seattle.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Oct 28— Ger stmr Hero
dot, for Hamburz.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 13— Br bark St
Marys Bay, from Cardiff: schr Casco.
Carmanah Point reports Br «tmr Empress of
China, from Yokohama, bound In.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Belgra
vla from Hkmburtt.
Sailed Nov 13 — Stmr Kalserln Maria. Theresa,
for Bremen, via Cherbourg: and Southampton;
stmr Georelc, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Domin
ion, from Montreal.
MOVILLE — Arrived Nov 13 — Stmr Furnessla.
from New York, for Glasgow.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Nov 5 — Stmr Graf
Waldersee. from New York, for Hamburg.
GLASGOW, Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Furnessla.
from New YoTk.
SYDNEY. NSW- Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Mlo
wera, from Vancouver. .
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Nov 13 — Stmr
Lahn, from New York.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, Ban Diego; Goodall,
Perklna & Co. "
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Co. . .
Jap stmr Hongkong: Maru. Fllmer, Hongkong,
«to; W H Avery.
Ship Paramlta, Backus, Melbourne; Demp
ster & Sons.
Schr R C Slade, Sunerud. Wallaroo; S E
Fla.de Lumber Co. ¦
Tuesday, November 13.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, 74 hours from New
port (S), etc.
Stmr Wal'a Walla, Hall, 64 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, 4 days from Astoria
and wav ports.
Schr Prosper, Johannessen, S3 days from
Hakodate.
Ger stmr Isis, Grooth, 119 days from Ham
burp, via San Diego 40 hours.
Echr Zampa, Peterson. 9 days from Grays
Harbor.
Ger echr Mascotte, Mecco, 59 days from Her
bertshohe. ,
Tuesday. November 13.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
948,941 feet lumber, 1164 bdls pickets, 5262 bdls
door stock, 11,780 lbs hops.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The A. Allen loads lumber at Eureka for
Honolulu: the Carmanlan, wheat at Tacoma for
Europe, prior to arrival: the LUlebone, lumber
at Grays Harbor for Santa Bosalla; the Stjorn,
wheat at Portland for Europe, 40s,' prior to ar
rival.
•
Lumber for Australia.
The echooner Paramlta cleared yesterday for
Melbourne with the following cargo, valued at
$34,210: . .
Water Front Notes.
The gasoline schooner Mascot got bacK
from the Southern Seas yesterday. She
has been trading between New Britain,
the New Hebrides, the Carolines and
Tahiti. Off the Carolines she was in a
heavy gale and came near to going down.
A change has been made In the quar
termaster's department on the Meade
Captain II. L. Pettus has resigned and
First Lieutenant R. McA. Schofleld has
been appointed to fill the vacancy.
The ship Flintshire, which came back
under a jury rig last Sunday, was sur
veyed yesterday. It was found that her
cargo of wheat was damaged and the ves
sel will have to discharge and go on the
drydock.
¦ The American-Hawaiian Steamship
Company's Hawaiian will leave New York
early -in January for San Francisco. Flint.
Dearborn & Co. will handle the ship in
New York and Williams, Dimond & Co. In
San Francisco.
»
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shanghai — Charles Dowdall.
Hongkong — Mrs. II. A. liurke and two Infants.
Peter Bergevln, C. Sv Coy. J. A. Fell. Mrs. T.
T. Thornburgh and Mrs. It. M. Thornburgh and
child. \
Honolulu— A. Botkin. Mrs>. A. Botkln, W. T.
Davis, J. L. Davis and J. L. Upham.
The Honskonfr Maru carried n general cargo,
vfclued at $1S6,S25, manifested as follows: For
China, t»3,&64; Japan, $16,310; Manila. $13,106;
Kast Indies, $2046; Vladivostok. $J1,SOO. The fol
lowing were the principal shipments:
For China— SO bbls alcohol, 1£95 lbs beans, 5
crs bicycle sundries, 1620 lbs 12 pkgs cheese.
1378 cs cannefl fruit, 403 bxs fruit, 14.13o bbls
flour, 2817 pkgs groceries and provisions, 15
csks ginseng, ti cs hardware, 10 cs mlllstufts,
7 crs machinery, 11.200 lbs pearl barley, 1500
lbs peas, 20 pkgs phonograph goods, 900 crs
potatoes, 60 cs salmon. 25 bbls sauerkraut; 5433
lbs tobacco, 15 bbls, vinegar, 2161 gals 20 cs
wine, 10 kees extract.
For Japan— 17 cs arms and ammunition, 240
bags bones, 3300 lbs bread, 1S0O Ijs butter. 539
cs canned goods. 12 car wheels, 6 car axles, 150
bales cotton. 9024 lbs dried fruit, 5 cs drugs,
1135 bbls flour, 704 pkgs groceries and provisions,
i cs hardware, 6 bdls hose. 3000 lbs hops, 43
bdls leather, 7 bxs lemons, 10 pkgs machinery,
S00 kegs nails, 7 cs rubber goods, 25 bxs raisins.
10 cs salmon. 193 steel plates, 3 cs typewriters,
3390 gals wine, 205 cs whisky, 400 reels wire.
For Manila — 12,400 gals beer, 10 ca hardware,
125 bxs apples, SO bxs oranges, 1500 Crs pota
toes, 1700 crs onions, 5 cs shoes.
For East Indies — 422 cs canned goods, 215 cs
salmon.
For VIadi\-ostok— 231 kegs nails, lfiOO bbls beef,
170 pkgs groceries and provisions, 102 tons salt.
T070 Kisen Kaisha's Mail Boat
Leaves for the Orient.
There was not a big crowd down to see
the Toyo Kisen Kaicha's steamer Hong
kong Maru sail for, the Orient yesterday
The mail boat, did not carry any passen
gers, but was loaded down with freight.
About 150 Chinese went away in the steer
age, while a few through passengers went
to Honolulu; but the list for other ports
was light. Those who went away in the
cabin are:
For Yokohama— Otto W. Helm, C. Koike, R.
Lyons, K. Nambu, S. Sakural. the Rev. J.
Soper, Mrs. J. Sopor, the Rev. E. R. Woofl
man, Mrs. E. It. Woodman, H. J. Woodman,
Miss M. Woodman and AV. A. Wilson.
Kobe— M. Ballkorf, Mrs. 11. BallkoK and T.
Kobayashl.
Nagasaki— Carl Francke, the Rev. A. E.
RlKby, A. T. Short and Mrs. A. T. Short.
The principal sea arrival yesterday tv^s
the Kosmos liner Isis. She cornes from
Hamburg:, via the Straits of Magellan and
Smith and Central America, and carries
a small cargo, but a large passenger list.
The fight between the Santa Fe and the
Southern Pacific is now on and both lines
will suffer for months to come. Incident
ally the result of the contest may mean
the dropping of San Diegro from the
Kosmos line's ports of call and all the
freight from Europe and So-uth America
bound for the East will be shipped from
this port.
This is the first trip of the Isis to this
port. She differs very little from the
other vessels of the line and has proved
herself to be a good carrier and a good
sea boat.
Jack W. Galbraith, one of the passen
gers, is a well-known mining man. He
went from California to Peru to super
intend a mine owned by wealthy Amer
icans. The property Is the Santo Domino
mine, situated about 500, miles from Mol
lendo. According to Galbraith. the mine
Is wonderfully rich, but the c6st of de
veloping will be very heavy.
* .
HONGKONG "MARtr SAILS.
Had Many Ports of Call but Brings
Small Quantity of Freight.
KOSMOS LINER ISIS ARRIVES
FROM EUROPE VIA PANAMA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1900.
11
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Iaqua Eureka Xov. 14
Wellington .... Comox Nov. 14
Matteawan .... Tacoma Nov. 15
Santa Rosa .... Ran Diego Nov. 15
Point Ar«na Point Arena Nov. 15
Eureka Humboldt Nov.. IS
Victoria Oyster Harbor Nov. 15
Crescent City.. (Crescent City Nov. 15
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 16
Mariposa ; Australia Nov. 16
Q. W. Elder Portland.. Nov. 1«
Coos Bay ...... Newport ; Nov. 17
Empire ,s...... Coos 'Bay Nov. 17
Pomona Eureka Nov. 17
Tltanla r. Nanatmo Nov. 17
UmatUla Victoria N'ov. 13
Grace Dollar... Gray* Harbor Nov. 1*
Queen San Diego , Nov. IS
San Juan ...... New York Nov. 13
Alllane* .. Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 19
North Fork .... Humboldt Nov. 19
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. tj
Steamer. I" Destination. |
Sail*. I Pier.
r I
Pomona ...IHumboldt (Nov.
Columbia ..(Portland Nov.
Queen San Diego iNov.
W. Kruger'Grayi Harbor, Nov.
Rival Wlllapa |Nov.
Corona [Newport [Nov.
Mnndalay . Coqulll* R -Nov.
Rainier ' Seattle Nov.
Walla W...jvtctoria [Nov.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. I Nov.
Eureka iHumboldt iXov.
Santa Rosarian Diego INov.
Newport .. New York INov
Oeo. Elder. Portland (Nov.
China Chlna& Japan Nov,
Bonita JNewport Nov,
Arcata iCoosBay Nov.
Albion [Honolulu Nov.
. 14. 2 pmPler »
. U. 11 amiPier 2«
. li llamjPler 11
. 14, 5 pm Pier i
. 13. 3 pm Pier 1
. 16. 9 am! Pier It
. IT |
. 17. 5 pm'Pler 13
: 17, 11 amiPter '.*
'. 17, 2 pmlPier i
: 17. 9 am! Pier 2
. 13. U amiPler 11
.-. 19. 12 miPMSS
r. 19. 11 ami Pier C4
'.20, lpmPMS3
-. 20, 9 am Pier ti
'. 20. 4 pm Pier 13
-. 20
O [(Tim) Time Time I Tim*
5. I Ft. 1 Ft. [Ft. Ft.
« H W L W H W L W
13 ... 5:23 4.9 11:00 3.2 4:33 4.1 10:53 l.»
14 ... 6:12 5.0 13:2i 2.8 6:41 4.0 11:45 1.3
15 ... «:52 6.1 1:23 S.3 8:58 1.8
L WJ HW U W H W
15... 0:36 1.7 7:31 5.2 ?:12 1.8 1:04 l.g
17 ... 1:21 2.0 8:06 5.4 3:4S l.S 9:05 3.9
13 ... 1:59 2.3 g:33 5.S 3:20 \ 0.8 >:5« 4 n.
1» ... 2:33 S.« 9:69 5.8 3:521 0.4 10:«2| 4.1
O [(Tim) Time Time I Tim*
5. I Ft. 1 Ft. [Ft. Ft.
« H W L W H W L W
13 ... 5:23 4.9 11:00 3.2 4:33 4.1 10:53 l.»
14 ... 6:12 5.0 13:2i 2.8 6:41 4.0 11:45 1.3
15 ... «:52 6.1 1:23 S.3 8:58 1.8
L WJ HW U W H W
15... 0:36 1.7 7:31 5.2 ?:12 1.8 1:04 l.g
17 ... 1:21 2.0 8:06 5.4 3:4S l.S 9:05 3.9
13 ... 1:59 2.3 g:33 5.S 3:20 \ 0.8 >:5« 4 n.
1» ... 2:33 S.« 9:69 5.8 3:521 0.4 10:«2| 4.1
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Iaqua Eureka Xov. 14
Wellington .... Comox Nov. 14
Matteawan .... Tacoma Nov. 15
Santa Rosa .... Ran Diego Nov. 15
Point Ar«na Point Arena Nov. 15
Eureka Humboldt Nov.. IS
Victoria Oyster Harbor Nov. 15
Crescent City.. (Crescent City Nov. 15
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 16
Mariposa ; Australia Nov. 16
Q. W. Elder Portland.. Nov. 1«
Coos Bay ...... Newport ; Nov. 17
Empire ,s...... Coos 'Bay Nov. 17
Pomona Eureka Nov. 17
Tltanla r. Nanatmo Nov. 17
UmatUla Victoria N'ov. 13
Grace Dollar... Gray* Harbor Nov. 1*
Queen San Diego , Nov. IS
San Juan ...... New York Nov. 13
Alllane* .. Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 19
North Fork .... Humboldt Nov. 19
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. tj
Steamer. I" Destination. |
Sail*. I Pier.
r I
Pomona ...IHumboldt (Nov.
Columbia ..(Portland Nov.
Queen San Diego iNov.
W. Kruger'Grayi Harbor, Nov.
Rival Wlllapa |Nov.
Corona [Newport [Nov.
Mnndalay . Coqulll* R -Nov.
Rainier ' Seattle Nov.
Walla W...jvtctoria [Nov.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. I Nov.
Eureka iHumboldt iXov.
Santa Rosarian Diego INov.
Newport .. New York INov
Oeo. Elder. Portland (Nov.
China Chlna& Japan Nov,
Bonita JNewport Nov,
Arcata iCoosBay Nov.
Albion [Honolulu Nov.
. 14. 2 pmPler »
. U. 11 amiPier 2«
. li llamjPler 11
. 14, 5 pm Pier i
. 13. 3 pm Pier 1
. 16. 9 am! Pier It
. IT |
. 17. 5 pm'Pler 13
: 17, 11 amiPter '.*
'. 17, 2 pmlPier i
: 17. 9 am! Pier 2
. 13. U amiPler 11
.-. 19. 12 miPMSS
r. 19. 11 ami Pier C4
'.20, lpmPMS3
-. 20, 9 am Pier ti
'. 20. 4 pm Pier 13
-. 20
E1RTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
ROWE— In. this city, November 6. 1300, to the
wltp i.f Jamps Rowe. a i-snn.
MABKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Harry Hill, 26. 1404 Jones street, and Marion
Earle, 26. 1*04 Jones street.
John P. Mona. 24, l«6S Alabama street, and
Anna C. Reckenbeil, 25, 663 Ash avenue.
Giambatista Risso, 36, 414 Union street, and
\ irplnla Barile, 3S. 414 Union street.
Bayard W. Campbell, 32. Anlioch. and Julia
Gambs, 27, Antioch.
Louis R. Schumacher, 27, 1335 Pierce stieet,
and Ida Walraven, CO, 3 Martha place.
Bailey Hall, 32, city, and Addle E. Dowden.
32, San Rafael.
Hugh Breen. 35. S31 Valencia street, ar.d Mary
T. McGrath, 20. 166 Lundy Lane.
James R. Warner, 37, Raymond, and Kathar-
ine Hasenzahl, 31, city.
Alexander L. Houle, 26, 3739 Twenty-third
street, and Emma Holtgen. 2S, 1226 Folsom st.
Thomas Cull, 2*, ;r.7 Ivy avenue, and Mary
A. Cornyn. 26. 1654 Market ftreet.
John P. Rooney, 31, 1050 Howard street, ami
Susie M. Collins, IS, 1050 Howard street.
Patrick McGoldriok, 2S, 651 Point Lobos ave-
nue, and Lizzie Horan. 22, city.
Daniel S. Rimllnper. 2$. 232 Third street, and
Katharine Hyrnp, 24. 6j Natoma Ftreet.
BLENNERHASSETT— In thia city, November
13, 1900. Ktchard J.. dearly beloved husband of
Joanna Blennerhassett. and father of John,
William. Tom and Mae Rlennerhassett. Mrs.
. II. E. Morton, Mrs. 1'. Illrlqman and Mrs. J.
Fcsnon, a native of Tralee, County Kerry,
Irela'id. arod 68 years.
IC^KrienclM and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
..(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 22 Clara street. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
BODE — In this city, November 13. 1900, Caro-
lina, beloved wife of. the late Louis C. Bode,
and beloved mother of Henry C. W. Bode,
Mrs. Henrietta Feldshau of Los Angeles and
Louis C, Elizabeth and Charles Bode, a na-
tive of Goettingcr. Hanover, Germany, aged
7<> venrs 10 months and 2S days.
BOGEK — In this city. November 12. 1000, Mag-
dalena, beloved wife ot F. E. Boger, and lov-
ing mother of Ma, Alma and Alice Uoger, a
native of Pelsingen, 1 Amt Bremervorde, Ger-
many, agpd 44 years 4 months and 4 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attentl the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 622 Fillmore street, corner of Hayes.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CASWELL— In this city. November 13, 1900,
Thomas Hubbard, husband of Mary Cas^vell,
and father of Mrs. <\ A. Stuart. Robert Lee
and Marian F. C'aswell and Mrs. J. E. Pack-
ard, a native of Kxeter. Otsepo County, New
York, aged 75 years 3 months and 3 days.
CHALLIOL— In this city. November 13. 1900,
Albertina H. Challiol, beloved infant daugh-
ter of Edward W. and Mary E. Challiol, and
Bister of Robert J., George and Augustus
Challiol, a native of Ban Francisco, aged 1
month and 2 days.
COHEN— In this city, November 12, 1900, Julius,
beloved husband of Dora Cohen« father of
Ike. Rose, "William, Ada and Mignonette
Cohen and Mrs. J. Levy, and brother of
Jacob, Simon and Abe Cohen. Mrs. Flora
Harris, Mrs. C Reaves, Mrs. M. Hyman and
the late Mrs. P. Wollenberg 1 . a native of Po-
land, need BS years and 9 months. (New
York. Chicago and Memphis, Tenn., papers
please co;iy.)
jj^Frleiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend 'the funeral this day
? Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1023 Buchanan street, corner Golden
Gate avenue, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train
to New Salem Cemetery "for Interment.
O. C. F.— Officers and members of Crystal
Council No. 4, O. C. F., are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late friend, Julius
Cohen, this day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock,
from his late residence, 1023 Buchanan street.
By order TRUE LOCKE. Councilor.
DKLORME— In this city. November 13. 1S00.
Alexander, beloved husband of Emille De-
lorm", and brother-in-law of Jlr. A. Thorn.
a native of France, aged 48 years 3 months
and 2 da;s.
IL?"FrIendR and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tliureday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street.
Mission Masonic Ttmple. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
DIXHF.lMER-ln the City and County Hospi-
tal. November 12. 1900, Matthias IMxhelmer,
a native of Louisiana, aged 51 years.
DOUGLASS— In this city, November 11, I960,
William Y. Douglass, dearly beloved husband
of Maria Douglass, a native of New York,
aged 74 years and 5 months.
tCTFrirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 137 Beulah street, | thence to St.
Acnes Church, Masonic avenue, where a sol-
2 enin requiem high mass will be- celebrated for
the repose of hla soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . j
MEMBERS Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Asso-
ciation will assemble at headquarters, l'lo-
n&er Hall. 24 Fourth ' street. ' this day
at 9 o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother. Captain . W. Y.
Douglass. Per order
STEPHEN BUNNER. President.
J. J. McMAHON. Rec. Secretary.
FOLEY— Irv this city, November 12. 1900, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of David Foley, mother of
Joseph. Mammie and Thomas Foley, and sls-
Blennerhassett, R. J.
Bode, Carolina
Bocer. Macdalena
C'aswell. Thomas H.
Challiol, Albertina
Cohen, Julius
T>elorme, Alexander
fMxhelmer, Matthias
r>ouglas?. William Y.
Foley. Catherine
Goultl. Charles A. N..
(lumhlnner, sjven
Haberly. Frederic V.
Hall. William
Hinch. Richard
Howe. Fannie E.
Hummel. John
Keller. James
Leary. James
Madden. Patrick H.
MontaKue. Catherine
O'Brien. John W".
Parsons. Cora L.
I'lummer, C. Moody
Rendsburg, Clarence
Schmidt. Carl
SmitherS, Jesus
Stewart, Eliza G.
Stumke. C T. John
Terra, Cart. Antonio
Thompson, Charles
Toomey, Bridget
Tuckey, Matilda R.
Wappel. Michael
VVhlttinston, Kmma
"Wimmer, Edna F.
Wynne, Mary
DIED.
HEAL ESTATB— CITV— FOR SALE.
*-.*STON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
f * OS MARKET STREET.
rKETTY MISSION HOME
FOR YOUR RENT MONET.
J30J CASH. BALANCE AS RENT: bay-win-
<lowed ccttape of 5 room* and bath; lot
KxHI; 1 block of car*.
EASIEST TERMS EVER OFFERED.
DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE.
t:&W-Best level bitumlnized block: Leaven-
worth «.; attractive house. 8 rooms and
bath; lisht and sunny; marine view.
BL'SH-JFTREET RESIDENCE.
S" Vk '»— E!ejrar.t modern residence. S room* and
bath, finished basement, porcelain tub;
tile mantels, etc. ; eunny side street.
LTON-STREET RESIDENCE.
}4^0— Modern residence. 7 room* and bath; hot-
houfe, eardtn with cement walks; lot IS
114:3 feet.
TTESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
£000-3 substantial, well-bui'.t flats of 6 rooms
end bath; iot 25x187 :« ft.: modern and at-
tractive; funny side street.
CAFP-STREET RESIDENCE.
C "'—Two-story bay-windowed house of 7
rorrr.s and bath: brick foundation: high
basement; bitumen street.
MUST BE SOLD— MAKE OFFER
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
jrr^r.educM from J45C0: make offer: S flats.
4 and 5 rooms end bath; rents J32 &0; ,
bitumen street, cement walk.
SNAP-BARGAINS IX LOTS.
FFE THEM AT ONCE AND MAKE OFFER.
1 bree fine lots south tide Post., bet..
Fi.itnore ar.d Steiner sts.
-~ Fine level Ashbury Heights lots en Tte-
~7 mont ave. at your own price and on any
• terms debited.
FASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
j__2_ 63S Market et.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S MARKET ST.
AUCTION! ~ ~
auction:
AUCTION!
Tt'EfPAT. NOVEMBER 20, 1JO0,
at 12 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market SL
PROBATE PALES.
Estate of Chsries O'Neill. Deceased.
No. 2S0 Minna ft., near Fourth. 3 flats. 5 and
4 rooms; rents $"9; lot tZsx'O feet.
Nn. 15 Marlposa terrace, near Buiiwa St..
co'Tujre 4 rooms; rents ntj lot 60x50 fret.
Ks-rate cf Francis L. TTilson. E»?cea«eJ.
No. :«?S Leavectvcrth St., near Washington,
midmc* 12 rooms and bath; lot 45:6xlS7:«.
Three Lots rr*73 Feet Each.
South tide Post st. CT rsM of St*>ii5er.
Booth side Post St., TT west of Fillmore.
LARKIN ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 1"M> I.arkir. t=t., near Pine; 3 fine flats
Cf 6. S and 3 rooms find bath; rent J73 month.
TVEPTEKV ADDITION FLATS.
STol "STS Grernwlrh st., near Buchanan; 2
fats cf 6 rooms and bath: lot wXl3T:6 feet.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
No. 1Kb"' Have* St.. n»ar Central ave.: 3 flats
fcf «. 7 s.nd S rooms and bath; rents $55 per
lot 25.4x::7.6 feet.
POUTK OF MARKET COTTAGE.
No. 134 Lar.grtoa St.. near Harrison; cottage 6
r-cms; Jot feet.
PROBATE SALE.
No. <2 Fsltaa et.. near Gou^h; J front flats
4 roorr.6 each ar.d rear house 4 room*; rents $35
I*r north; let 27:6x137:6 feet-
MARKET ST. INVESTMENT.
Northeast tide Market et., 448 feet eouthweEt
cf Church; lot ZSxlU feet.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOT.
Eaet side London et.. SuO feet south of China
mve.; TixlOD leet.
MARKET ET. HOMESTEAD ASSOCIATION
LOT.
"*V«et side Corbett road. ?5:2 south of Dla-
r-.ond; lot SS:?xl23 feet.
EASTON, ELDRTDGE & CO..
6"S Market st.
BALDV.IN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
CTC lients Y^yo per annum
FpipndKi inside downtown centrally located
1 wiped end Investment proj>erty; one-half
block from Market and Fifth 6ts.; store below.
2 floors above; ir.vesticate this; a close oSer
might be entertained.
J7000 .......*....".".'.*. .".".".'Rents " KM "per annum
J fiats ca north, sunny side of Hayes et., near
riHracre; large lot, 27:€xl37:6; pays well.
$2£o6. . . .".".'.".".".".".".".'.'.".".".' .".V.V-V "Marine view home
Fpiendld i-etcry house of S rooms and bath on
Jones et., near Vnion-et. cars; excellent ma-
rine view.
tH.EOO '.."."""..'.inside business property
PubEtantial S-rtory business building: store and
1 floors above; rents I1CS8 per year; business
¦thoroughfare; mortgage fSOOO can remain; noth-
ing better fcr the money.
k m,003... ................. Rents" K1Z0 per annum
Three new el'cant modern thoroughly up-to-
iate hieh-claes fists on Nob Hill; California
rt.; very best location In town.
J2200. ............................. . .One-third cash
Two-stcry house cf 7 rooms and bath* Eureka.
(¦t.. near Twentieth; lot cheap home.
" S."i50..............................6wner must »*H
Owner want* cash at crxe: 1 or 2 5750 lots for
IC50; Elirabeth st.. n«>ar Diamond; lot 26x114;
x«?ry desirable for a home.
" V.Ka'.'.. \' .*.'." ..*.'.**.'....".'.".". ".".'.V'.'.V.V.V.'How'is'thisT
. Only one-half & block from Market and Beven-
teenth Fts. and Castro-st care; 15 minutes to
City Hall; S-storv house of 7 rooms and bath;
3ot 4f<-foot front; will surely sell this week; call
»arly.
(308 rash Rents $37 DO per month
Beautiful modern flats located in the Mission;
Cnr« chance for homesef kers ever offered; you
ray us J-VXi '..-_.- h down and 137 &0 per month;
This includes interest and principal; In other
you pay us what the flats rent for; you
buy the property for your rent money.
" iiico.'. Marine view home ;
Iv.cuft *t.. n»»r "Washington; lot 2Cixl37:S; cot-
ta*re, 6 rooms and bath.
' iif<j<i... Mission home
<m!y 1700 cash needed ; 2-stcry house. 6 rooms,
bath. Etabl*-: chicken yard, etc.; lot 25x114.
N>ar Union and Lajuna ets.; cottage, 6 rooms
end bath.
* 13500 .*."".".".'.".".*"" Rents MS
2 fiat* and rear house, near Seventeenth aad
Valencia sts.; flSOO morurage can remain.
BALDWIN* &: HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
'REAM OF PARK LOTS!
Opposite new Park entrance
...Rare chance for borne builders and In-..
? .vv-stm*nt eeekeni
Choicest buildmc lots on very easy pay-..
..nvents; on the H-st. electric care and front-..
W* ..ing Golden Gate Park and the new iath-ave..
..boulevard: lota and 6treet* on official grade;..
..maradanilzed
....Plank sidewalks. ea» and water eervlce....
Low prices: bound to Increase in value....
..Tour own terms; Interest only € per cent..
Money advanced for bulldln* purposes; the..
; .costliest and handsomest modern houses In..
..Eunset District are now being occupied and..
..constructed on the n»>w l?th-ave. boulevard..
(.all at onre at our branch office (open..
..»-«»k days. Sundays and holidays), corner..
..of H rt. and Sth ave., routh of Golden Gate..
.Park, and ask to be shown these beautiful..
..lota. Full particular* and price lista aUo..
..at our office
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Stlontpomery st.
~. P. RIORDAN. REAL ESTATE AGENT.
622 Market et.. Room 2.
tZ,$t*j — «f)xlU:€: ftnt side of LarkJn et., near
Union; hituminlzed; prand view; must
\* sold; make offer.
JV.OOO— Fin* largf corner, fronting three streets,
with Imj.rovenvnts; near City Hall; fine
:*. v »-*•!:.« tit ; part cash, balance on 6 per
cpnt mort«ajce.
il'i.yA— SOxTS fert; fine improved corner; south
of Markt-t ct., with fine Improvements;
always rented; 11275 yearly; bargain.
i f ,000— 4OxSS; Wf-st Kid* of Valencia «t.. near
Twenty-third, with Improvements; rent-
ed for *50; good bargain.
i' e , 000— Beautiful corner residence of 16 rooms
and all modern Improvements; fine lo-
cation; best bargain offered In the city.
f~i.W0 Fill* Investment on Mason St., near
O'Farrell ; Improved.
¦ ¦'.:,%— Fine improved business corner, paying
near $500.
I have several fine corners eouth of
JJarkft et.. mooii Investments, paying
(rail; great bargains.
'.Z.ifio— t^ixiSO; Bush St.. near Polk; with good
improvements; must be sold; bargain.
I :&11 and *«¦<• me if you want to eell or buy.
T. P. RIORPAN. 632 Market Bt.
IK ypu have wrll-located property In the Mi»-
jjt Fioo, either vacant lots or nice residence, and
1 you really want to sell, then call on the under-
W. J. Gl.V.V, £30 California st.
HAVE you property in the Potrero or Excelsior
H'tr.eKtead Tract that you want to eell? Then
call on W. J. OUNX. IVs California et
3--H, J225— nice large residence, or could be
turned imp Cats; very eunny; 19x137:6. Call.
AleAVOV & CO.i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & , EMBALMER8.
1239 Market *t.. between r th and 9th,
.Telephone South 247. v
215-217 ' Sutter street, above Kearny.
(Successor to Flannacan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mftr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
Sehliieter
The prettiest, richest and
rarest rugs in San Fran-
cisco's prettiest homes come
from our store.
Purchased from us. be-
cause we've the assortments,,
the newest effects, the most
desired patterns, and be-
cause our prices are reason-
able and not one cent higher
than our rugs are'worth.
.0 , . . .
*R3xg&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARRIED.
COPMANN-WILLIAMS-In Tacoma. Wash.,
at the German Lutheran Church, by the Rev.
F. N. Wolf. Martin Copmann and Mrs. F.s-
Ulla H. Williams of San Francisco.
DOXEY-KOCH-In Oakland. November 12.
1300, by the Rev. J. H. Thelss, Jack Aubrey
Duxey and Mamie Koch.
GOLDSMITH-LEWIS— In OaklanJ. November
11, K'00, by the Rev. Hyman Saniuelson, Sam
Goldimith and Julia Lewis, both o£ Oak-
la n.l.
GUN DKRSHEIMER- MAYER — In this city,
November 11, 1800, by the Rev. M. S. Levy,
Albert Gund.orsheimpr and Elonore Mayer.
HAUSER— GOLSCH-In this city, November 11,
2900. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor of
First Enclloli Lutheran Church. Walter C.
Hauser of Dinuba, Cal., and Katherine Golsch
of Fan Francisro.
HOULE— HOLTGEN-In this city, November
13 1900, at the Howard-street Methodist Epis-
copal Church, by the Rev. John A. B. Wll-
Eon. Alex L^wls Houle and Emma Holtgen,
both of San Francisco.
LAZARUS— KAPLAN— In this city, November
11, IMG. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Louis Laz-
arus of Oakland and Rachel Kaplan of San
Francisco.
LEVY— BLOOM— In San Jose, October 28, 1900.
by the Rev. M. S. I^evy, B. H. Levy of San
Francisco and Amelia Bloom.
MEYER— COOK— In this city. October 28, 1900.
by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Jacob S. Meyer und
Jenn'.s Cook, bcth of San Francisco.
SCHUMACHER — WALRAVEX — In this city,
November 13, 190O, by the Itev. Dr. E. Ne-
lander, pastor of First English Lutheran
Church. Louis R. Schumacher and Ida Wal-
raven, both of San Francisco.
WOEPKE— EHRINOER— In this city. Novem-
ber 9. 1S00. by the Hev. J. H. Schroeder. Fred-
eriok Woepke- and Gnorgine KhringPr.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for ti: collections made;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580. - ¦
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened II up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
SLOT MAC ki INfcS.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand; large
display; very cheap. 1167 Market.bet. 7th & Sth.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W>
eell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. *3. . The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 261
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery ft.
DIVIDE\D~ NOTICES."
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. S3 (23~cents
per share) of the Hutchinsen Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company. No. 227 Market st., on and
after Tuesday, November in, l?^ Transfer
books will close on Wednesday, November 14,
1300, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL AUVKKTISUMKNTS.
PROPOSED CHANGE OF~HAR^BOR~LINES^
SAN FRANCISCO BAY— A Board of United
States Engineers will hold a public hearing
In the office of STATE HARBOR COMMIS-
SIONERS (Ferry building) at 10 a. m. Thurs-
day, November 15, 3900, to consider applica-
tion for an advance of the existing harbor
line between Van Ness avenue and Folsom
street In San Francisco Bay. Arguments for
or acainst a chance are requested In writing
S. M. MANSFIELD, Colonel Corps of En-
gineers. President of Board.
(TTFrlerKls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence on the- San Leandro road, thence to
Bt. Leander*s Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery; Oakland.
STUMKE— In thin city, November 12. 1900, C.
T. Jo!?n, beloved son of G. Henry and the late
Margaret Stumke, and brother of Henry, Ed-
die, Nellie, Mattle, Gussle and Alice Stumke,
a native of San Francisco, agred 13 years and
6 months. (Boston papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parent, 6S East avenue, Holly
Park. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TERRA— In San Lcandro, November 12, 1900
Captain Antonio Garcia Terra, beloved hus-
band of the late Mary G. Terra, and father of
Antonio, Louie and Jackson Terra. Mrs. M.
Cardoza and Mrs. Louisa Costa, aged 70 years.
GTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence on Dutton avenue, .thence to St. Lean-
der's Catholic Church, where services will be
held. Interment at Haywards.
THOMPSON— In this city, November 13, 1900.
Charles Thompson, a native of the South Sea
Islands, aged 23 years 2 months and 11 days.
r~»" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
¦ of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
TOOMI3Y— In this city, November 18, 1900,
Bridget, relict of the late William Toomey,
mother of Mathew and John Toomey and th«
late Michael and William Toomey, and sis-
ter of Mrs. Mary. Morris and Mrs. Hanora
O'Keefe. a native of the parish of Kllmore,
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 58 years.
H^TKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 333 Harriet street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment .Holy Cross
Cemetory. 1
TUCKEY— In this city. November 13. 1900.
Matilda Rose Tuckey. beloved sister of Emll.
Valentine, Joseph L. and Boniface F. Kehr-
letn, Mrs. Ed J. Duffleld and Mrs. Frederick
W. Relbelw
WAPPEL— Entered Into rest, In this city. No-
vember 13, 1900, Michael Wappel. devoted
father of Mrs. Elise M. Fay and Gebrge and
Albert M. Wappel, a native of Baden Ger-
many, aged 69 years. (Marysville, Cal., pa-
pers please copy.) ' ¦
cry Remains at the mortuary chapelof tha
Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 2425 Mis-
sion street, between Twentieth and Twenty-
first, where funeral services will be held
Friday, November 16, at 2 o'clock. Interment
private. Kindly omit flowers. £
WHlTTlNttTON— In this city. November 11,
1900 / Emma Whlttlngton, a native of . Vir-
ginia, aged 58 years. *
r^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near '. Post. _ .
TVIMMER— In this city, November 13. 1S00
E.1na Frances, bsloved . daughter of George
W. and Katie , Wlmmer. and sister of Ger-
trude, Jennie and Amity Wlmmer. a native
of California, aged 20 years 1 month and 15
> days. •
¦ ' [fyFrlends and acquaintances are rcspeet-
I fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30; o clock, from her late
residence, . 312 Iowa . street; near Eighteenth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WYNNE— An anniversary * requiem high mass
,' will be "celebrated In St. Peter's Church.
Twenty-fourth ~ and Alabama streets, this
day (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, for th« repose
of "the soul of Mary Wynne. . ; .--. ,-.-„.
JE7"N'otlce of funeral hereafter.
STEWART— In San Leandro, November 12, 1900.
Kliza Garcia Stewart, beloved wife of James
Stewart, a native of San Leandro, Cal., aged
3< years 10 months and 13 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F. Huhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighth and Harrison streets.
SMITHERS— In this city, November 13. 1900.
Jesus Smithers, beloved mother of Santiago
an.i Anieta Smithers, a native of Cosaloa,
Blnaloa.
E7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the home
of his parents, 1016 Pacific street, between
Mason and Taylor. Interment Mount Olivet
Cc-metery, by carrlaee.
SCHMIDT— In this city, November 13, 1900,
Cart, beloved husband of Mathilda Schrrildt.
.ind lather o." Fred. Henry. Julia and Charles
Schmidt, a native of Magdeburg, Germany.
»Red 52 years 7 months and 3 days. A member
of Norddeutscher Verein, Verein EIntracht
and Court Uarbarossa No. 79. F. of A.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
] fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No.
1, F. and A. M. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
RKNDSBURG— In this city. November 11, 1900.
Clarence Porter, beloved son of John M. and
Grace Rendsburg, a native- of San Francisco,
aged S years and 3 months.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister, Mrs. Mary Strahan, 251
Tehama street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mtnclne at 3 o'clock. Interment Holy Cros3
Cemetery
O'BRIEN— In this city. November 13, l90O. John
William, beloved twin son of 'William J. and
Nellie O'Brien, a native of San Francisco,
ajed 23 days.
PARSONS— In this city, November 13, 1900,
Cora L., beloved wife of Charles L. Parsons,
and mother of Loia E. Parsons, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 31 years 8 months and
5 dsys.
PLUMMER— In this city, November 11, 1900,
C. Moody Plummer, beloved husband of Maria
C. Plummer, and father of Mrs. Nellie Hav-
lln, Mrs. Grace Richardson and Hattie A..
Melltn and Alvin Plummer. a native of
Bethel, Me., aged 72 years; 3 months and 4
days. (Boston, New York, Philadelphia and
Hath. Me., papers please copy.)
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 537 Ivy avenue, thence to St. Ignatius
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MONTAGUE— In »this city, November 13. 1900,
Catherine Montague, a native of County Ty-
rone, Ireland, aged 70 years.
O"Frleiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, fronuthe parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
TO the 0'fficers and members of Teutonla Coun-
cil No. €6, O. C, F,: You are hereby re-
quested to assemble at the parlors of H F
Puhr-& Co.. 1137 Mission street, to-morrow
(ThurEday), at 2 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late brother. John Hummel. By order
AUG. KXICKMANN, Councilor.
CHARLES KRIEGER, Secretary.
KELLER- In Virginia City, New, November
13, 1S0O, entered into rest, James, dearly be-
loved husband of Katy L. Keller, and father
ot James A. and Madeline E. Keller, a na-
tive of Wilton, Ontario, Canada.
LEARY— In this city. November 13, 1S00, James,
beloved son of Timothy and Johanna Leary.
and brother of Thomas, Timothy, Katie and
Mary Lcary, a native of San Francisco, aged
8 years 4 months and IS days.
(C?"Rpmalns at the parlors of J. C O'Con-
nor 6c Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
MADDEN— In this city. November 12, 1900, Pat-
rick H., beloved husband of Margaret Mad-
dvn, dearly beloved father of Mary, John fcs.
J., Frances, Joseph and Irene Madden, and
beloved brother of Katie and John Madden,
a native of Ballasherderin, County Mayo,
Ireland, ased 50 years. (Boston, Mass., Scran-
ton. Pa., and Syracuse, N. Y., papers please
copy.)
ILJf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, MV7 Green street.
H « L , L — ln San Jose - Cal., -November 12. 1900,
William Hall, a native of Ireland. -
HINCH— In this city, November 14, 1900 Rich-
ard Hlnch, father of Etta, Mamie, Grade
Lydia and Nellie Hinch, a native of Canada.
a^ed 45 years.
HOtVE— In this city, November 12, 1900 Fan-
nie E.. wife of the late Brastus Howe and
mother of Cora and Eda Howe, a native cf
Thomaston, Me.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are resDeet-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Wednesday), at 2 -o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker &. Lunt. 2666 Mission street,
•Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Masonic
(.cnietery. .-..¦•:.
HUMMEtf-In. this city, November 12, 1900,
John, beloved husband of Marie Hummel, and
father of Georce Hummel, a native of Uaden,
Germany, aged 74 years. A member of Teu-
tonia Council No. 66, O. C. F.
ICy Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Great Council of California, Imp. O.
«¦ Mr, and members of Crockett Lodge No
-29. I o. O. F.. are respectfully invited to
a ..tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
2 o cluck, from the Red Men's Hall 320 Post
J = r tr i t et 'vT Untier the au9 P ices of- Wlnnemueea
Tribe No. 61. Imp. O. R. M. Interment I. O.
o. P. Cemetery. Remains at parlors of Julius
n. Oodeau. 30i Montgomery avenue.
HABERLY— In this city, November 13 1900
Frederic Valentine Haberly. beloved son of
ired Haberly, and brother of W. • T and
George W. Haberly and Mrs. F. F. Boy'd Jr
a native of Vallejo. Cal., aged 23 years '7
months and 23 days. (Chicago. 111., papers
please copy.) " * .
ter-in-law of Thomas Foley and Mrs. Hannah
Oreathcuse, a native 'of .County Roscommon,
Ireland, aged 56 years and 8 months. '
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 14 Yerba Buena avenue, thence to
St. Mary's Church (Paulist) for services at
2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
GOULD— In Chicago. November 12. 1900, Charles
Alfred Norman Gould, eldest ton of the late
Alfred S. and the late Eleanor E.^GouId, a
native of Cincinnati. Ohio.
GUMBINNER— In this city. November 10. 1900,
Sven Gumbinner, beloved father of Elmer
Gumhinner, and brother of Mrs. John Butler,
Mrs. T. Both and Mrs. Anna Mitchell, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 50 years 6 months and
8 days.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
ATTENTION^ \VOR*KINGMEN
ATTENTION. WORKIKGMEN
$300 and upward; $10 cash, $5 monthly; bulld-
ltur lots on 25th and Mississippi s,ts.. not far
from the Union Iron Works. Su^&r Refinery
stid all the large manufactories located at the
Potrero; fine, healthy location; only a short
distance from electric cars; possession siven
upon first payment; your rent money will pay
for your home.
LYON A: HOAG
114 Montgomery st I
A. L. WILLET, Room IS. 916 Market St.
New 2-Etory house, near finished; lot 73x100;
3 blocks from electric road; J750, or will ex-
change fcr chicken ranch.
Will 6ell ycu house and lot anywhere you
want it; size" and price to suit.
Or gilt-eil»re farm; fruit: running water.
I Nice lodging-house or a good mine.
I Or will exchange anything you have. 916
Market et., phone Black f.215; hours 8 to 8.
J23C0 — CHEAP: 3 fiats en Vallejo st., near Leav-
enworth. Inquire 112S Vallejo st.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
HKAI. ESTATK COl'XTRV For Sale;.
CITY~pro petty and farms sold or exchanged;
printed lists. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1.
REAL, ESTATK TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED— In San Francisco, a good 9 or 10
room house In desirable location, to trade for
a fine 100-foot front business corner In Oak-
land. A. J. SNYDER & CO., 467 Ninth St.,
Oakland^
NEW cottage. 6 run., bath; lot 50x100^ Mission;
rental terms; and vacant lots. 413 Kesrny *t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS."
ALAMEDA REAL ES [J^ T J^;__.
fSZOO 'WILL buy an elegant house Just finished;
lot 60x119; palm and bearing fruit trees. J. H.
YOUNG, owner, 1243 Park st. ,__
$I2bO— AUCTION price; finest modern 6-room
cottage in Alameda; perfect plumbing: .-lne
location: 2 blocks from station & high school;
feir terms. A. G. Burns. 1501 Park. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS i
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
12100 — ONLT f*"-*) cash, balance easy; new bun-
galow cottage, 5 rooms, porcelain bath and
the latest In modern ideas; cute and cozy;
near broad paug<?; close to cars, schools and
business center; would cost J25CO to duplicate.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$IJ00 — SNAP; business corner; store with fix-
tures complete and 4 fine living rooms; barn
£?xl00: in populated community; excellent op-
portunity tor grocer or baker: terms.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AU3-
T1K & CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
AX introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
- ROOMS FOR HOISEKEEI'ING.
A FRONT Fuite of housekeeping room?: also
others, II M up to jr> per week. 215 Kearny
et., MRS. E. M. TOBIX.
BAKTLETT. 414 — 3 sunny connectine unfur-
nished rooms; eink; bath.
CHESTNUT. 203— Furnished room3 to rent,
housekeeping; fjulet neighborhood; fine view;
good house; cheap.
HYDE, 40S — Sur.ny front euite, $20; also sunny
suite, housekeeping:, $17.
MARKET, near Mason— Large sunny front rm.
and kitchen; folding bed; $12. Call 342 Kearny.
MARTHA pi. 3, on* Geary, near Mason— Sunny
Housekeeping rooms; also other rooms; reas.
MCALLISTER, 50S— Sunny furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping; eink, range, bath,
laundry; 2, $15; 3. $20.
MISSION. 1101—* unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, 19.
N ATOM A, 701— Nice housekeeping rooms; man
and wife; rent low.
NOE, 153. north of Market — 3 sunny bay-win-
dow- rooms; ga? stove, prate; bath; $14.
OAK, 119— One larpe sunny furnished room for
housekeeping, with closet; clean; $S.
FERRY. 174 — Two nice housekeeping rooms;
hot and cold vater and tmth. - -•
BUNNY bedroom, kitchen; light basement;
yard; for housekeeping by single mechanic.
Address box 16o. Call office.
TAYLOR. 1CS — Two housekeeping rooms fur-
nished ir. oak; also a large front suite of rms.
TUR.K. 613—2 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; $12; call after 6 p. m.
S NICE large sunny completely furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $16. Address box 222. Call.
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and 1'nfurn.
AHLBORX Hotel (new management), 321 Grant
ave. — Newly furnished, large sunny cuiles for
families; very reasonable rates; American
and European plans; best middle-class hotel
In city: look at our rooms and prices and be
convinced. MUXUER & ZEBERG, Props.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to tl per night; Jl 25 to *j per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BfiAKKAN, 422— Two eunny unfurnished rooms,
rent 16; newly cleaned.
BURNETT. 1425 Market (old No. 1354)— Fur-
nlfhed rms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. £:¦> (The Elk)— Changed hands: newly-
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., $1 50 to V
week; 2f.c to $1 60 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
ELLIS. S20 — Tidy, neatly furn. rooms for gen-
tlemen only; desirable house, neighborhood.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM. S65, cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished funny rms., single, suites; reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
nns: suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
elnple; ladles* parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON. 723— Front Email room furnished;
rent 14; bath.
LAGUNA. 743— Unfurnished parlors; eun all
day; private; quiet; modern.
LAS PALMAS. 1K0 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath; Fin. rms.: board optional.
MCCLELLAND. 200 Turk St.— Changed hands;
newly renovated; all rooms facing either
Turk or Jones *t. ; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth-New furnished
bay-window room. II per week; transient.
MINNA, 638 — 3 newly furnished rooms. 1 large
bay-window; man and wife; 2 others; reas'ab.
NATOMA. 553V&— Nicely furnished front rooms;
fS month.
SEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, %2 a. week up; 35c a day up.
CFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
OTAKRELL. 224— Nicely furnished front eulte;
also other sunny rooms.
POLK, 1620— Large unfurn. double parlors; also
large sunny furn. room; use of kitchen.
ROYAX. House. 126 Ellis st. — Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to %l 60; week, (2 to
JS; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE House. 5JS and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 2Sc to tl. week SI 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136 — Furnished room, suitable for gen-
tleman.
SUTTER. 717, near Taylor— Well furnished
room; bath; appreciated If Been; $S per mo.
TAYLOR. 218— Nice double parlor; also sunny
Kingle room, containing 2 beds.
TAYLOR. 810— Sunny room for gentleman, $10;
2 other's, f 12 and $15.
TURK. 126— Furnished room suitable for gtn-
tlema-n; $j per month. ¦
ROOMS AND BOARD. _
BOARD and rooms at 415 First st., near Har- '
rlson. .¦¦
~~ ROOMS WANTED. '
TWO unfurnished housekeeping rooms In neigh-
borhood of Post and Fillmore. 210 Oapp st.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission et.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
rans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281. "
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: rt-
m pairing lowest rates; open even. • 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint «&
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1515 Mission, nr. 15th.SECOND NIGHT AUDIENCE ENTRANCED WITH
ERNEST VAN DYCK'S SPLENDID TANNHAUSER
Charles A. L?aman, private, of Company
D. Twelfth Infantry, died at the general
hospital yesterday. . ..^ ¦
One acting hospital steward and twenty,
three privates, who have been to Manila
and have been found since their return to
be fit for duty, have been ordered to Fort
McDowell. 1 . ' ¦
It wag found necessary to place a strap
on one of the patients, as he at times be
came violent. . - - . ;
Thirteen - insane patients were sent to
Washington yesterday from the Presidio.
A guard composed of First Sergeant Wes
ley Bickhart. four privates and -two hos
pital corps men was sent in charge of the
men.
INSANE ¦ SOLDIERS LEAVE "
FOB "WASHINGTON
LEADING SINGERS IN THE CAST OF "TANNHAUSER." WAGNER'S
GREAT MASTERPIECE. PRESENTED IN MAGNIFICENT MANNER
AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE LAST NIGHT.
criticisms of "Tannhauser": Mendels
sohn's gentle narcasm and faint praise of
the new Wagner; Spohr's objection to his
"lack of definite rhythms and rounded pe
riods." "his ugly-attacks on the ear": the
cabals of Paris against, the mad German;
the mild capelimelster's inquiries as to
why Wagner could not have made "Tann
hauser" marry Elizabeth, and so on.
Strangely enough; in our ears this sounds
now. with the broad, simple, limpid clar-
ed with an admirab!e\savolr falre. The
supers ran swiftiy to cover and the or
chestra went on with the most beautiful
overture as if nothing had happened. The
coryphees posed on the tips of their toes
until tired, then gracefully reclined in ap
proved coryphee fashion until their cue
came. And Van Dyck and Miss Susan
Strong slept peacefully under • the roses
through it all.
lty of the Wagner we know so well be
fore us, yet there are stHl those who pre
fer the old Italian school, and to the ex
clusion of the new order of opera. But It
was a Wagner audience last night at the
Grand Opera-house, and. like most Wag
ner houses, ' eminently discreet ln ap
plause, though it roused to unwonted en
thusiasm occasionally.
Gadskl we hove heard before, with her
silver throat and exquisite method. She
is at her best in Elizabeth — acts the part
in a graceful, timple fashion, looks the
royal Teuton maid with acclaim and sings
in, velvet voice the sustained periods of
her part. She received the tribute, of ab
solute silence after her exquisite rendering
of the famous prayer of Elizabeth. . The
venus of the evening, Susan Strong, has
a full, round voice of mellow quality, ex
ceedingly well used, and she pleased much
by her reading of the role. Mme. Olitzka,
who sings the important little part of the
shepherd boy in the flrst act, is also a
capable artist, and gave her alternate
"pipe" and song with excellent effect. -
As to the Tannhauser— Ernest Van
I>ycK, great among Wagnerian tenors and
new here to us, to our considerable mis
fortune, is an admirable artist— a splen
did actor, with a suave, strong, sweet,
tenor voice used in exquisite fashion, and
of a personable, graceful figure. His
conception of the recreant knight is un
questionably, unreservedly splendid, and
as such it was appreciated by last night's
audience. .
David Bispham has the Wolfram role,
and this favorite of last season was
heartily welcomed on this his second ap
pearance ln San Francisco.
Mr. Blspham's tine barytone is in good
shape, except for a slight husklness
wnich was apparent occasionally, and his
Wolfram was all that might be expected
from this finished and conscientious ar
tist. The part of Herman was finely sung
by Mr. Blass, who has an excellent basso
profundo voice. Mr. Jacques Bars, Mr.
Hubbenet, Mr. Muhlmann and Mr. Vivi
ani all* sang well their minor . parts.
The mlse-en-scene was perfect, the cos
tumes and scenery picturesque, splendid
and sufficient, and the large chorus above
criticism". ...
A special announcement is made by the
opera, .management of a "popular • night"
to be given next Sunday evening, when
"II Trovatore." with Nordica, Van Caute
ren, Olitzka, Campanari, Journet, Maslero
and Dippel will be put on. and at prices to
suit all pockets.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
¦ ¦ ¦
The Tivoli.
' Collamarlnl gave her admirers another
sample of her rare art when she appeared
at the Tlvoli last evening as Mlgnon In
Ambroise Thomas' opera of the same
name. "Mignon" Is as different from
"Carmen" as it is possible for one char
acter to differ from another; still Col
lamarinl adapts herself to the require
ments of the waif heroine with the same
easy grace whicn made her Carmen the
thing of Joy it was. The artiste was m
fine -voice, and her support was "excellent.
Repetto made a- splendid Flllna, and
she gave the scintillating polonaise with a
wonderful brilliancy ana dash. Russo
was at his best as Wilhelm Melster. and
Nicolini found himself happily cast as
Lothario.
"Mlgnon" will be repeated on Thursday
evening. To-night "Ernanl," with Bar
bareschi, Castellano and Nlcollni in the
cast.
Alta Theater Troubles.
Close upon the contemplated condemna
tion of the Alta Theater and Its • conse
quent closing as an amusement place by
the Boar.d of Supervisors, comes an at
tachment tor $9013 68, levied on the West-
Robbed 'Another Roomer.
, : Frankde Vitt:i215 PosYstreet/ swore -to
a complaint in Judge; Fritz's court yester
day if or: the! arrest i of Robert' Kelly on a
charge of grand 1 larceny.; De VI tt alleges
that . Kelly, who ? roomed : ln the : same
house, ; went " into ; his room ? on \ November
6 and stole a suit of clothes; air-overcoat,
gold watch "and chain, diamond ring, gold
stud- set s ,with ; .ii diamond and $8 In coin,
the total value beln* $2J4 \ ;. .
Fire in a Lodging-Souse.
The lodging-house on the northwest cor
ner of Turk and Taylor streets was,dam
aged * to k the • extent of ' ¦ $1000 yesterday
morning - by ; flre ¦ and .water. : , The fire
started in the bathroom through the care
lessness of a lodger and went up through
the partitions, to ;the"roof. ;
Camera Club Holds Meeting-.
i Arnold Gen the lectured very entertain
ingly before the California Camera :, Club
last night On? portrait posing and "i light
effects. A large audience ¦ listened ' to i his
;talk with Interest. ..Others who addressed
th© club were President J.VW.Erwin 5 and
-Will Lussier, both of: whom -iUuHtrated
their subjects wifh stereopticon views.
The club intends giving a print exhibition
Bom«:tlm© during January.
Lectures on Greek Art.
v Professor Louis Dyer. M. A., of Oxford
University,- delivered- the" first of his lec
tures on" Mycenaean .Greek art ¦ in the Y.
M.";C. A. .'auditorium; last evening before
a large. audience. v The lecture was intro
ductory: to. the one of ."Old Knossos and
Labyrinth 'of Minos,"- which will' be.de
livered on Monday, next. The subject was
Illustrated with twenty-two slides, many
of : them, unique? in the side lights they
threw on the relics, of the bronze age. ¦
FIRST CHRISTIAN." CHTTRCH
WILL ENTERTAIN ; FRIENDS
A Dramatic and '.Musical Entertain
ment to Be Given Friday Night.
There will be a first class entertainment
given at the First Christian Church, "in
aid of church extension," ' next U Friday
evening. The affair will take place in the
church parlors on Twelfth," between Mis
sion and Howard.
The entertainment. will consist of an ex
hibition of "Professor Kangaraki's grind
over machine," and musical .numbers by
the Hawthorne Bachelor Club. The enter
tainment Is sure to be a most enjoyable
cne. - ..: .-¦¦ • •• • ¦ ¦••' -% -: , - ¦ .- ¦
RETAIL SHOE CLERKS ARE:.:-
." MAKING ACTIVE CAMPAIGN
Appoint Committee to Seel% Co-opera
tion of : the : Retail Merchants
.. in Early Closing Agitation.
The Retail Shoe Clerks' Protective As
sociation held a largely attended meet
ing ln the hall at 320 Post street last night.
Two weeks from the present date the
charter . of . the organization ¦ will expire,
and the by-laws will go into" effect. All
shoe clerks desiring- to join the organiza
tion are recommended to do so before this
occurs, as a raising of the initiation fee
will result. . - * . .
A committee composed of ¦ J. A. John-
Rton, J. Wallenstein, H. Kauffman, Mr.
Hall, L. Rheinsteln, T. J. Dillon and J.
Post was appointed to confer with the
merchants of the city to secure their co
operation In the early closing campaign.
The association also : plans > to ' visit - the
clergymen of. the various ¦ denominations
to induce them to agitate the matter.
MINERS TALK OVER ¦
;, r ' • ; cwNVEimoN topics
Oil Men Reported .< to Be Coming
to the ' Session in Large
Numbers.
The executive committee of the Califor
nia Miners' , Association met last evening
at the Union League Club and talked over
matters to come. Before the State conven
tion next weeki £ Secretary Benjamin re
ported that there ¦ would be between 600
and 60(1 delegates. at the State convention.
Lieutenant Governor Neff reported " that
Nichols, the owner of the Polar Star mine,
would not • hydraulic I this winter and that
the litigation concerning that mine was in
statu quo. .Charles G. Yale suggested that
John M. ; Wright should be invited to at
tend the convention to : present* facts con
cerning the oil' situation. \ ;*= -
The executive committee of. the Califor
,nla.Petroleum::Miners' Association, last
evening elected -the • following j delegates
to; the State miners' convention: Profes
sor Heald, W. B. *Wlnn. W. B. Slmnrona,
E. D. Berri and; Colonel Crane, the presi
dent of the association. ¦•'
Margaret Raabe Is Not Insane.
Mrs. Margaret Raabe, who was arrested
last Saturday on complaint ; of her ' hus
band, Fred Raabe, the Democratic poli
tician, and charged with Insanity, was re
leased .from | custody yesterday by order
of the Lunacy Commission. The members
of the commission were all of the opinion
that Mrs. Raabe was not insane, but at
times was wont to permit her temper to
overcome her discretion, which resulted
ln the trouble from which she has just
escaped.
BEMEMBEBS BENEFACTORS -
AND "WTIiL- IS .; CONTESTED
Sadie Mulvany- Valentine's Husband
' . Alleges That She .Was of
Unsound Mind. ,
' a .contest of-ther will -of ' the late
Sadie Mulvany- Valentine, "also known as
Sadie A. Mulvany, SaraVMulvany, Sarah
Mulvany, Sadie Valentine and Mrs. C. O
Valentine," was filed yesterday, by C. G
Valentine, decedent's husband. 1 - In -the
contest it is alleged that the \ deceased
jit the time the will was executed. Sep
tember 21, 1899," was not. of sound mind,
but at frequent intervals was an Inmate
of : asylums and hospitals, forsthe treat
ment of chronic alchollsm and th«» de
mentia and mental .aberration that re
sult therefrom. - - , * .
The contestant further charges that hla
deceased wife was unduly influencedby
Floyd J. Nutting,- Jessie A; McCall and
Oscar J. Mayer. In conclusion the con- 1
testant prays that the will be denied ad
mission to probate, and declares that he
is her sole heir at law and -therefore en
titled to letters of - administration.. ' upon :
decedent's estate. . ' •
, .Valentine also filed a claim against his
wife's estate fpr $2400,. which sum-he al
leges he: loaned fher some" time prior- to
her death. .• i ,-.•, "' ,
Mrs: Valentine^left the' bulk of her- es
tate j to Mr. and.Mrs.\C. H. WelLof-415
Locust street, Philadelphia. These bene
ficlaries took the deceased into their homo
when- she was a tiny child and cared -for
her as though she was their own until
she grew to womanhood. Decedent only
left the "home of her benefactors when
she married a well-known Eastern horse
man, a Mr. Mulvany. Her second ( mar
riage was to Mr. Valentine,* and was>sol
emnlzed at San Diego in 1897. • In Septem
ber of s last year Airs. Valentine • died » at
the French Hospital in this- city. While
there she made her will* and named rOs
car J. Mayer as executor. . •.,»
Valentine, has- reached. vthe conclusion
that his disinheritance '. by.. :his' wife »re
sulted from the influence of interested
parties on her mind,- which was not bal
anced, with the result stated." .
Within the next few days almost three
quarters" of a million dollars of tax money
will be turned into the city,- county* and
State coffers by .the Southern PaciU:
Company.. The amount represents only,- a
portion of the big tax .which this railroad
corporation must pay this year in return
for us right of through
out the Western States. .
Yesterday. . after^ • many ".weeks' ; hard
work, E. Black Ryan and his corps of as
sistants .m.the .tax, department - of -the
Southern Pacific completed their compu
tations of. what-the. railroad must pay, to
this city and county, and also the State
of California. The- total -tax. amounts. to
$371,461, . and the first installment of $334,
€09 is • now ready for payment -and 'will
probably reach the City. Treasurer ¦ in* a
day or two. Out; of this sum the. Market
Street Railway Company pays $288,285,, uie
Pacific ! Improvement Company $18,685, 1 the
Southern Pacific Company $19 ,284 "and the
Central Pacific Railroad- $13,322.
The above does. not include the' tax of
the State Board of Equalization, which
assesses all railroads operated in more
than one county. All other property is
assessed by the County Assessors of their
respective counties. The assessment
made by the State Board is as follows:
Central Pacific Railroad Company, $233,
134: Southern Pacific, $380 264; Southern
California Motor road, $1033; Southern Pa
cific Coast Railway Company, $16,961; Car
son and Colorado Railway, $2782; total,
$634,093. • . ..
The first installment of -the above, ag
gregating $317,033, will be paid to the State
'.treasurer this. week under an authoriza
tion from the State Controller. -
BIG TAX BILL
TO LIQUIDATE
Southern^Pacific^Will iPay
Three-Quarters of a ; ....
Million. ;
ern Amusement Company, which controls
the Grove-street playhouse. The attach
"""JL^ 8 * se / ved , at the Instance of K.
D. McCann. Later in the day the attach-
S?™2 e # ano , l i sed ln the theater was
released on the claim that it belonged to
the Mauvals Company.' The cashfregis-
Jf e «T,. W f»?' a1 ?? released on the representa-
Company ° W by the Hklwood
James- Leary Is Killed
; While Playing Ball in
the Street.
j James Leary, an 8-year-old! boy, was
run Over and killed • by a v light wagon
driven by a.man named. O'Brien on How
ard street, near Third, yesterday evening.
The wheels, of the vehicle passed .over the
lad's body, breaking, his arms 'and crush
ing his chest. He. lived. but a short time
after he had been- taken to the Harbor
Receiving Hospital." Timothy Leary, the
boy's father, is proprietor of the City
Hotel, at 512 Howardstreet.
Shortly '< after \ 5 '• o'clock last evening a
number of boys were playing, ball on the
sidewalk near, where .-.the accident oc
curred. , The bail. at one time was acci
dentally tossed Into thestreet, and young
Leary made a rush to get \ it. He did not
Bee the wagon approaching, and almost in
an Instant he had collided with the horse
and » was : thrown to pavement. The
driver made an. effort to stop, but before
the horse came .'to ; a standstill the wheels
of the wagon; had; crushed the boy.
.Willing ihands lifted the unconscious lad
and carried -him, Into ,i the hotel to await
the arrival; of -.the. .ambulance. The child
suffered great pain : and bled much in
ternally. > At- the Harbor Hospital, he was
treated by Dr. 'Robinson,- but he died in
a shorttlme. r - - ¦ •* -
O'Brien, the.driver, gave his address as
1441 Market street.. ... '
CHILD CRUSHED
UNDER WHEELS
E. B. Beeman , of ; chewing gum fame,
whose bald head, or rather a striking like
ness of it, is plastered on billboards,
fences and telegraph poles from Maine to
the Pacific Coast, arrived in town, last
evening and registered at the Palaco.
After affixing his autograph to the hotel
book, an autograph that looked for all the
world like a streak of lightning, the man
who has made millions from the sale of
bis jaw-exercising material left Instruc
tions \with the clerk to be allowed to rest
late on the morrow for he had spent six
days and nights on the train and accord
ing to his own confession was "tired clean
through." . .
A reporter met him as he started for
the elevator.
"You are a devotee of gum-chewing, of
course?" Beeman was asked.
"O, sure! I ¦ was formerly a.. victim of
the worst kind of indigestion. Look at
me now," and as he spoke his chest ex
panded until It seemed as if his coat but
tons must give way. "The ostriches get
off the track when I roll along."
"Do Californians chew much gum? he
went on. "Well, I should say they did.
We opened a branch factory on the coast
last year and what do you think the re
ceipts from our coast sales amounted to?
Just $120,000 a year. The Beeman factories
are turning out three tons of gum a day.
Our company belongs to the gum trust
now and the six concerns in the combine
manufacture about ten tons a day.
"When pepsin gum was first placed on
the market ten years ago the W. C. T. U.
wouldn't even look at our advertisement.
But after we had convinced them that
the sale of our composition had cut aft
the use of chewing tobacco 50 per cent we
had them all passing resolutions Indorsing
our product."
Since the trust was formed, something
over a year ago, dividends of 17 per cent
on common stock and 7. per cent on pre
ferred stock have been declared. The
trust is capitalized at J9.000.000. Mr. Bee
man expects to be in the city a week or
two after which he will spend a month in
Los Angeles.. His trip to the coast Is
purely for pleasure. Mr. Beeman said:'
"It will be just eleven years the 13th day
of next month that the. first stick of pep
sin gum was made. I was practicing med
icine at the time and as a side issue ran
a pepsin manufactory. One day while I
was dictating a letter my stenographer,*
Miss Nellie Horton. interrupted abruptly
and wanted to know why I didn't mix
pepsin with gum and thereby increase the
sale of the pepsin.
"It. was a capital idea and without wait
ing to finish the letter I sent Miss Horton
after half a dozen packages of common
chewing gum. We got an oil stove, mixei
the gum and pepsin with some water and
then after the mixture had cooled we un
dertook to chew it. | But it wouldn't chew
I was not discouraged, however, and after
repeated experiments the flrst genul ie
pepsin gum was placed on the market In
February of the following year. Miss
Horton received 15 per cent of the
profits." - .
Beeman Says Californians
Use It in Very Large
Quantities.
GUM CHEWING IS
POPULAR HERE
The duty of appointing the standing
committees of. the State Senate of th*
next Legislature will devolve upon Lieu
tenant Governor Jacob H. Neff. Accord
ing to his ideas of fair representation
there should be at least one Democrat
on each committee, but of the holdover
Senators 'only five are Democrats. The
only Democratic Senator elect is Joseph
M. Plunkett of the Seventeenth District
of San Francisco. Six Democrats there
fore comprise the strength of the party
in the upper branch of the Legislature.
If there be thirty-four standing commit
tees, a number sufficient to give a chair
manship to each Senator of the majority,
each Senator of the minority may be
obliged to serve on at least five commit
tees. The Lieutenant Governor would
find the v work of adjusting the committees
somewhat easy, if he had a few moro
Democrats to fill in with.
The holdover Republican Senators are:
James T. Laird, Dr. W. F. Maggard,
William M. Cutter, John F. Davis, Dr.
Chester Rowell, John A. Hoey. Frank W.
Burnett. Sig M. Bettman. Frank "W.
Leavitt, E. K. Taylor, Charles M. Short
ridge, 8." C. Smith, C. M. Simpson, A. T.
Currier, A. E. Nutt— 15.
The holdover Democratic Senators are:
J. W. Goad. JVC. Sims. J. B. Curtin, It.
Porter Ashe, H. L. Pace— 5.
The Republican Senators elect are:
T. H. Selvage, John R. Tyrrell. W. B.
Lardner, Robert Corlett, J. J: Luchsinger,
C. M. Belshaw, Robert T. L>evlin. A. E.
Muenter, John G. Tyrrell, E. I. Wolfo,
Richard M. Welch, John xi. Nelson. G. R.
Lukens, James D. Byrnes, Louis O'Neal.
Thomas Flint Jr.. C. B. Greenwell. Fred
M. Smith, A. A. Caldwell— 19.
The single Democratic Senator-elect is
Joseph M. Plunkett.
The official count In the Fifth Senato
rial District may turn the scale against
W. B. Lardner, but advices from Placer
and El Dorado counties are- to the ef
fect that Mr. Lardner is a. winner by a
slender majority.
There Is much gossip concerning chair
manships. John F. Davis of Amador,'
who held the second place on the Senate
Judiciary Committee in the last Legisla
ture, will doubtless be promoted to chair
man, as Senator Gillette of Humboldt,
who held first place in the last session,
was not a candidate for re-election to the
Legislature.
Common report is to the effect that Sen
ator Cutter of Yuba will be appointed
chairman of the Senate Committee on Ap
portionment: Twenty 'different bills to ap
portion the State into Congressional, Sen
atorial and Assembly districts have been
prepared. Should the national reappor
tionment give California eight Represent
atives in Congress the plans already
mapped out would Have to undergo read
justment or provision be made for electing
one Congressman at large. The appor
tionment scheme prepared by Senator
Cutter is not acceptable to Congressman
Metcalf and other leading men of Ala
meda County.
Senator S. C. Smith of Kern County i3
in line for the chairmanship of the Finance
Committee. Service on the committee for
three consecutive sessions of the Senate
is supposed to count for something. He
was slated for the first place on the
Finance Committee at the beginning of
the session of 1899, but at the eleventh
hour. the slate was mysteriously changed.
Charles M. Belshaw, who has made a
record in the Assembly for economy in the
disbursement of public funds, Is spoken
of as one who could render the State ex
cellent service as chairman of the Senate
Committee on Claims. ;
It is conjectured that either Mr. Lard
ner of Placer or Mr. Tyrrell of Nevada
will be appointed chairman of the Senate
Committee on Mines and Mining.
Thomas Flint Jr. will be re-elected pres
ident pro tem. of the Senate. His ability
as a presiding officer is universally recog
nized. Frank Brandon will doubtless be
again chosen secretary of the Senate.
It seems to be settled beyond all doubt
that Alden Anderson of Solano will be
re-elected to the position of Speaker of
the Assembly. He served in that office
to the satisfaction of both parties during
the greater . part of the regular session
and throughout the extra- session of the
last Legislature. C. "W. Pendleton of
Los Angeles Is spoken for as an aspirant
for the Speakershlp, but' he seems to.be
the only one that regards his candidacy
as a serious proposition.
F. E. Dunlap, who was recognized in
the last session as one of the leaders of
the Assembly, will doubtless be placed at
the head of the Committee on Rules.- ¦• •
W. S. Mellck is an applicant for the
chairmanship of the Ways and Means
Committee. He has served on the com
mittee throughout three sessions of the
Legislature. * W. C. Ralston desires to
serve as chairman of the Assembly Com
mittee on Mines and jMlning. . ;.
j According' to the semi-official count
sixty-five of the • eighty Assemblymen
elect are Republicans; The patronage: of
the House consists of ninety-eight places.
There is one position at $8 per day. There
are fourteen places at $6 per day; four
teen at $5 a day; forty-two at $4 per day;
twenty at $3 per. day and seven at $2 50
per day. Of course, there will be the
usual scramble for the spoils and the
usual effort of the hoggish legislator to
get more than his 6hare. ¦ '
A contest for the chairmanship of the
San • Francisco delegation is in progress.
Arthur G. Fisk, Assemblyman-elect.
Thirty-seventh District, who ran 900
ahead of his . ticket and received 1400 ma
jority, is supportedby many members of
the city delegation. Martin Kelly is
booming the candidacy of Martin Brady
of the Forty-third District. ¦
The Alameda County delegation will
hold an early .meeting to organize. It -is
presumed that one of the holdover Sena
tors will be elected chairman.* The hold
overs are E. K. Taylor, and Frank W.
Leavitt.
Appears to Be Settled That Alden
Anderson Will Be Re-elected
v Speaker of the
Assembly.
Only Six Senators for Com
mittee Duty in Thirty
Places.
SCANT SUPPLY
OF DEMOCRATS
IS PERPLEXING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAT, NOVEMBER 14, 190O.
Overture Unfolds Itself Like a Bursting FloWer of Music. ar\d Is
Qreeted as tke Finest Ivter Heard irv Saf\ -Frarvcisco.
MHETHER It* were that
the new order of things
generally down at Mo
rosco's Grand Opera
house, or the particular
unfamlliarity of begin
ning the programme at 8
o'clock sharp, which has been inaugu
rated by Mr. Grau, confused the authori
ties in charge of the curtain arrange
ments, may never be known: but the curi
ous spectacle of a. group of merry supers
discovered in heaven knows what eccen
tric g-ambols among the enchanting
nymphs of Venusberg was the first taste
of "Tannhauser," a la Grau, accorded the
audience last night.
But the unexpected situation was accept-
One has heard the "Tannhauser" over
ture to weariness, with all sorts and con
ditions of orchestras, but never given as
it was given last night. It was like a
great flower of music, opening ever Into
a greater griory of color, texture, tone; a
rich arabesque, its line and pattern ever
changing with the shifting lights of the
orchestration. And so it was throughout
with the orchestral work, in Its accompa
niments more marvelous even than in its
symphonic intermezzos. There is the
nicest balance in the orchestral make-up —
woodwind, brass, strings, all in their per
fect place and shape, and the richest color,
most complete discretion, phrasing, into
nation, rhythm— all as good as may be,
characterized the orchestra work through
out. Bravo! Mr. Damrosch, and again
bravo!
It is curious now to recall the earlier
12
I During the past week we have unpacked
a large consignment of veru fine HOUSE-'.
HOLD LINENS, and we will offer all tha I
lalance of this month some extraordlnaru -
values in LINEN DAMASK SETS, DAMASK
NAPKINS, FINE TOWELS, GLASS LINENS^
and LINEN TOWELINGS, both Irish and
German; manufacture.
SPECIAL.
One Case HAND-EMBROIDERED LINEN SCARFS,
TEA CLOTHS, CENTER PIECES, CARVING CLOTHS,
DOYLIES, SHAMS and SPREADS.
SPECIAL.
Two Cases veru large IRISH HUCK TOWELS,
hemmed ani hemstitched, full urass hieach....".v
•;—; $3 - 50 Dozen
SPECIAL.
One Case PURE WHITE DOUBLE SATIN TABLE
DAMASK, large and medium designs, ln great
Yarlet U SI. 25 Yard
(Napkins to matGh eacb pattern.)
EXTRA SPECIAL.
250 Dozen Extra Qualitu DINNER NAPKINS, an cdl
dozens, having neither damask nor cloths to malcH
atoye. Theu will be soli at vero low prices.
| m | | SK ,-—^
Jmm •JL>ajL^\l JZaLl
HOUSEKEEPING
LilllDliOi
and his nominal assets, Incladmjr debts on
open account, amount to Sl&OtlL Eacal-
lier is a saloon-keeper at Ross T-"r»*'"g
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk, skirts, , fur
cases.; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 6% iSutter.*
An Insolvent Saloon-Keeper.
Joseph Escalller' yesterday filed a peti-
tion in insolvency in the United States
District Court. His liabilities ara. 11507 03
DR.MCNULTY.
?11M^nT«^,« l!il i) Ve 5 tne^. Im P ot * >nc< '»»d their
Btosaally, 6:30 to &30ev'ga.8andAT*.i0 to 12. Conaal-
UUonlreeandsacredlyconfldentficSSiidrew
SCK Iicarny »f,, »aa FrancUco. CsL
All your money refunded by any dealer If not
satisfied with . & smoke of > the "American-
clear . Havana cigar. ,
Dr. Wm. Botsford, 1170 Market st , noti-
fies his patients that he has returned. •-
, Walhallas "Will* Dance.
Walhalla Lodge, , the German Rebekah
lodge of this city; will entertain Its friends
with a musical and literary projrrarnm«
and 'dancing in iU lodgeroom fnOdJ
Fellows' building on next Saturday even-
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by : physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best la city. •
Trunks & traveling bags. Before buying tee
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.. 128 Ellis.*
• "The preference "of the people, aa shown at the
recent election for Republican principles. Is
equally as groat for the "American" clear Ha-
vana clsrar. .' . ' •
111, 113. 115, HTj 119. 121 POST STREET,
~**^ x^ifr t 111
. Camel's |
I Hair Hats/J
Ready - to - wear CameTi ] I
Hair Hats — in many wctty ill
shapes, including the popular I I
cowboy effect. 1 I
All shades — some with it
stitched brims, others plain. I I
trimmed in narrow as well as 1
wide bands. Priced to please I
at 91.OO and 91.45. I
Brand new season's hats l
from the best hatters in New J
York. I
! T The J
Leoa
Millinery (g.[{
' * : ...
Cobbler Seat Kocker
la Xtbagialstd Birth tr Oak Flalih.
A pood, comfortable rocker—
suitable tor the parlor or dininr-
. room.
. .\"We carry a complete line of
everything: in the furniture line.
Credit extended.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST STREET.
year Powell. ' pp^ E T«Un«».
hippttt&VifKer
I t/p-To~Date Shoes of Quality
I] $2.50 for a
| Ladies 9 Shoe. 1
I If we didn't know pos- %
: f. itively that this shoe at $2 50 5
C was better than most "of p.
1* the $3 50 shoes offered we %
I couldn't afford to say so. &
This is a money-back, satis- £
{' factory shoe store, where ff
*; every customer must receive vt
ff full shoe value for the price £
v they pay. . We want your «
£; goodwill and your regula*- >
;» patronage, and you can de- %
t P«nd upon it we'll make no f
5 ¦ misrepresentations toeet iL ->i
3 Ladies* Vici Kid. Lace, %
K Walking Boot — extension; ?>
%, sole, patent leather tip.'Cu- £
'I ban heel, sizes A A to E: 2V2 \
i? to 8 — all new stock and lines §
$1 . complete . v :. ?2.50 "i
i; . Misses' Vici Kid Lace x
vr Shoes-7-sinj?le sole, sprinsr $
a . heelj patent tip, all sizes and 'i
6 widths — no broken lines: • 5).
£ sizes Syi to 1 1 . . . $ 1.4 3 Jf-
j sizes 11 to 2....." 1.95 fc
J Men's Work or Walkinafe
Jj Shoes should be full of com- jv
jf t fort, durability and not a lit- 1;;
*¦' tie style.. We've a heavy kid *•-
;* with double extension sole, |:
Ti the latest last and lace *i
g $3.50 i|
I We've pot the best school p
£ shoes in San Francisco for I?
% boys — shoes that the most «£
jf rollicking, romping boy will £
>J not wear out for some time ji
fr —double sole, box calf." bull- &
§ dog toe * 2 - 00 /t
... r 1 --^j
ADVERTISEMENTS.