PITTSBURG, Nov. 8.— The Commercial
Gazette will to-morrow say: Plans
have been made by the American Brldgo
Company for the erection and operation
at an early date In the Pittsburg district
of the largest and most complete bridge
building and structural plant In th«
world. Mammoth works will cover a tract
of forty acres, with a river frontage of
at least half a mile. The plant will em
ploy about 2000 men. anfl Its erection Is
estimated to cost $1,000,000. ' Involved In
the schen^ of the bridge company Is the
manufacture on extensive lines of steel
barges and hulls for use In river traffic.
Company In Pittsburgh Prepares to
Construct Most Complete Works
in the World.
•
PLAN TO ERECT A GREAT
BRIDGE BTJTLDINd PI»ANT
The revolutionists are well prepared and
have an abundant supply of, funds, and
also have the sympathy of prominent peo
ple In the neighboring countries.
is believed, overthrow President Estrada
Cabrera's power Is soon to break out. For
eign capitalists are said to be interested
In overturning Cabrera and putting ia
General Plnlda. who will favor the ener
getic development of Guatemalan re
sources.
TAPACHULA, Mexico, Nov. 8.-Peop!e
from across the border predict that the
long-anticipated revolution which will, it
ous of Overthrowing President
Cabrera.
Foreign Capitalists Said to Be Desir-
ANOTHER. REVOLUTION IS
BREWING IN GUATEMALA
For years the Spanish-speaking work
men have had control of the cigar-making
business at Tampa. They have had a
union of their own. No English-speaking
workman has been permitted to become a
member. A year or more ago the Inter
national organization decided to place a
branch organization in Tampa. Not be
fore It had 1000 members did Its existence
become known. This was two weeks ago
and the Spanish-speaking workmen began
their aggressive campaign.
Xearly 1000 English-speaking- workmen
have been rendered idle In consequence of
the position of their opponents.
¦ CHICAGO." Nov. 8.— Spanish-speaking ci
garmakers in Tampa, Fla.. have started
a strike against American workmen and
official reports received at the headquar
ters of the International Union in this
city to-day Indicate that the trouble is
assuming serious, proportions.
As a Consequence Nearly One Thou-
sand Cigarmak?rs Are Ren
dered Idle.
AMERICAN WORKMEN ARE
BOYCOTTED BY SPANIARDS
Last nit»ht she came along under a jury
rig and In a generally dilapidated condi
tion. It must have been a succession of
gales from the time the pilot left her until
she anchored' off the Heads again last
night. She left here with 42,110 centals of
wheat, valued at J44.20O. and some general
cargo. The chances are that the vessel
will have to be discharged and given a
when the R. P. Rithet arrived from Hon
olulu and reported her as having lost a
number of sails and as having had a bad
time frenerally. When spoken she was 500
miles to the westward of San Francisco.
few days. Captain Dcscovich claims that
he was looking: for the lightship and a
pilot, neither of which could he find. Ac
cording to his statements his course lust
before the mishap was southeast. Unac
quainted with the lay of the land and be
wildered by the fog and the uncertain
whistles, he charges hl3 fatal error to a
lack of intelligible direction:
It Is a matter of doubt if. the Olga can
be pulled safe and sound- off the sands.
Every effort will be .made to float the
ship to-day. The sugar cargo aboard is
a valuable one and the ship itself Is mod
ern In every respect.
Shipping men who have been speculat
ing upon the chances of the Olga to free
herself from the sands are of the opinion
that she Is doomed. They, say that once
on the beach that Is the end.
SHIP FLINTSHIRE
BADLY DISMANTLED
Returns Last Night Undar. a Jury
Rig and Anchors Out
side.
The British ship Flintshire was off the
Heads again last night under a jury rig.
but as all the tugs were busy on the Olga
she had to anchor on the bar. She Is In
distress and Captain Jones has a hard
luck story to tell," for he has been badly
dismasted.
The Flintshire left here September 23 In
cuarge of Captain Scott, the pilot. It was
blowing hard outside, and Just when the
pilot wanted to leave her it came 'on to
blow a howling gale. The vessel had to
be run off shore, and it was only after
several days of hard work that the Flint
shire got back to the coast. She was
then off Ventura, and there the steamer
George Loomls was signaled and Captain
Scott was put aboard.
The next heard from' the* Flintshire was
thorough overhauling.
LIVERPOOL. Not. 8— It was reported
last night that the Norwegian bark Hvtd
eorn. Captain Anderson, which arrived at
Gla<sson dock September 7 from Fleet
wood, while in tow broke adrift and was
wrecked at Little Burbo Dan (at the
mouth of the Mersey). Three of the crew
and a Liverpool pilot are missing. The
other members of the crew have been
picked up.
The bark HvJdcora Is of 541 tons. She
was built in 13.» and halls from Freder-
Ickshalf, Xorway.
THE AUSTRIAN STEAMSHIP OLGA. FROM JAVA WITH SUGAR. THAT WENT ASHORE YESTERDAY AFTER
NOON IN, A DENSE FOG. SHE LIES BROADSIDE TO THE SHORE ON THE BEACH ABOUT TWO MILES
BELOW THE CLIFF HOUSE. ' ' '
LONDON*. Nov. 3.— The Dally Mail this
Kornlne makes the following- announce
ment: ¦ '"*"• \;
'The Postal Department Commission,
vhich lias been inquiring into the subject.
*ijl! shortly report, after some months of
O'lberation, in favor of earliest possible
adoption of Marconi's system of wireless
telegraphy lay the postal authorities.
"The commission is also arranging as to
terms for the acquisition of the Marconi
patents, and negotiating with France and
Germany regarding their attitude toward
Marconi's Inventions. This evidently
means a complete revolution In the tele
graphic system." . *
British Authorities Will Acquire the Marconi
Patents for the Mail Service.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
FOR THE POSTAL SYSTEM
PARIS. Kov. 8.— A dispatch to the
Havas Agency from Peking announces
that a high Chinese personage Bays the
rt belllon fcelns organized In South China
la ruining commerce; that the revenues!
TIENTSIN, via Shanghai. Nov.
8.— General Linevitch. com
mander of the Ru&slan troops,
has rfficlally notified the for
eign Consuis through the Rus
sian Cnr.pul that the land on the river
fide opposite the British and German set
tlements has btea P.nr.exed to Russia by
right of ccnquirt. Unless all foreign own
ers of property immediately deposit docu
ments proving th«?Ir ownership. n-> claims
will be entertained. Much railroad pro;>
errv as. well'as the cast arsenal Is includ
ed tntnir-e" territory annexed by Kus?1a. ;
The L'nnsulf mill protest against the an- i
Taxation.
Negotiations at Peking.
CALL BIRKAV. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. S.— Although
thp State Department believes satisfac
tory progress is being made in the nego
tiations at Peking, a pessimistic fe.lir.g
exists in diplomatic circles. According to
information received here each Minister
has submitted to his colleagues a set of
suggestions differing widely from those
presented by other Ministers. An effort
has been made to reach an agreement,
and the Ministers have cabled to their
governments for instructions, messages
being received here to-day from Minister
Conger. It is txpected that the several
povernnser.ts have promptly advised their
representatives of the policies they favor
end these will develop In the indorsement
made by each Minister upon the sugges
tions of his colleagues.
The imperial Government Is much
aJanjfd over what It regards as the
bloodthirstiness of the Ministers, and
through its diplomatic representatives It
te trying to prevent the execution of some
of the mm held by the diplomatic corps
in Peking to be responsible for crimes
against foreigners. The Paoting-Ku exe
cutions have been the subject of repre
sentations to this Government by Minister
Wu. Secretary Hay dors not intend to In
terfere wh«»re j-unishm^nt is merited, but
he does not approve of Indiscriminate ex
ecutions, his desire being to punish only
those who are pre-eminently responsible.
The Japanese Legation Is advised of the
transfer of Mr. Komura, Minister In St.
Petersburg and formerly stationed In
Washing-ten, to Peking as the successor
cf Baron NishI, whose health has failed.
It has been reported that Mr. Conger
would soon return, but the State Depart
ment offlci&ls expect him to remain In Pe
king until the negotiations are concluded.
No confirmation baa come of the report
that Russia ha» annexed territory at
Tientsin or In CbiU Province. Count Cas-
Blr.i, the Russian Embassador, said to-day
that he felt very sure no 6uch step had
been taker.. He touched upon the pos
sibility cf Russian concession at Tientsin
Fimllar to the British and French allot
ments having been secured, but dismissed
the report that Russia had summarily
taken possession of territory as Improb
able.
Rebellion Ruins Commerce.
MARQUETTE. Mich.. Nov. 8.— A life
boat propelled by a • twelve . horsepower
gas engine was given a severe test In the
heavy northerly storm to-day. She ran
out Into the open lake in the teeth of a
lives a Storm That Would Swamp
Ordinary Boats.-
Propelled by Gas Engine and Out-
SUCCESSFUL TRIAL OF '
IMPROVED LIFEBOAT
CHICAGO. Nov. 8 John F. Moulton.
who is now in Chicago, has challenge-1
Count Bonl de Castellane to a duel with
pistols. Mr. Moulton objects to the state
ment that "Americans are pig merchants,
whose highest ambition in life should *be
to supply French aristocrats with
money." Mr. Moulton's home Is in San
Francisco and he has recently returned
from the Philippines.
John F. Moulton Objects to the
Count's Remarks About
Americans.
CASTELLANE CHALLENGED
TO DUEL WITH PISTOL
General Azcarraga also announced that
a Spanish-American convention had been
signed In Washington by which the isl
ands of Cayagan and Cibutu. In the Phil
ippine archipelago, had been ceded for
$100,000.
MADRID. Nov. 8.— At a Cabinet council,
held to-day under the presidency of the
Queen Regent, Senor Azcarraga, the
Premier, said there was now no Carllst
under arms in Spain and that the rising
had failed completely. In order, how
ever, to destroy the entire Carlist organi
zation In. the country, he said, the sus
pension of the constitutional guarantees
would be maintained. • • • ¦
Premier Azcarraga at a Cabinet
Meeting Announces Failure of.
the Uprising.
NO CARLISTS ARE NOW
UNDER ARMS IN SPAIN
"Bayonets were fixed and our lieutenant
was commanded to shoot down or bayonet
everybody in *ight. Durrng the night
many Chinese were killed, including a
woman and a child."
BERLIN. Nov. S. — The German papers
continue to prln letters from German sol
diers In China t-howlng the terrible atro
cities committed by German troops. A
letter printed to-day describes the capture
of a certain village, and continues:
Atrocities by German Troops.
The Chinese, the dispatch coneludes^re
pard th» occupation of the Imperial tombs
at Slling as being more important than
the capture of the Emperor and Dowager
Empress.
Prince Ching and LI Huns Chang, the
dispatch says, regret the delay fn the
peace proposition!" and express fears as
to the futurp. They are ready to accept
propositions bas-ed on M. Deleasse's pro
posal!?, but. it is further assorted, the for
eign Minister* are in the meanwhile
marking tfm<? and diFcupsing secondary
questions.
are decreasing, and that the payment of
the service of the debt next spring is
doubtful.
EDINBURGH, Nov. 8.— The whaler
Eclipse arrived at Dundee to-day from
Davis Strait with a party of Arctic scien
tists, including Messrs. Stein and Warm
bath, Americans, and Dr. Kann, an Aus
trian, who secured important Information
as to Ellesmereland.
Secured Valuable Information
as to Ellesmereland.
Stein, Wannbath and Dr. Kann Have
HOUGHTON. Mich.. Nov. 8.— Tho
schooner Abyssinia parted the towllne u
her steamer, the Orinoco, In the heavy
gale this morning and narrowly escaped
going ashore on Kewenaw Peninsula. The
crew succeeded in getting both anchors n
good holding ground and the vessel has
ridden the breakers within a hundred feet
of a dangerous reef of rocks all day. To
night the sea is going dpwn. the gale
abating and it is believed the vessel may
be saved.
SCIENTISTS , RETURN
. . ; FROM DAVIS STRAIT
Parts the To-wline and Nearly Goes
Ashore, the Anchors Holding
Just in Time.
PERILOUS POSITION OF
SCHOONER ABYSSINIA
The Shamrock II is. to be completed by
March 31 and the first trial will take place
on the Clyde about April 15. Possibly
both the Shamrocks will foe sent to the
United States to be tested In American
waters.
GLASGOW. Nov. 8.— The contract '.o
build the Shamrock II has been definitely
placed with Messrs. D. & W. Henderson,
the builders of the three Valkyries.
Challenger to Ba Completed by March
31 and to Have Hsr First Trial
- < on the Clyde.
tju'tte station will report to the Govern
ment on the trial, and it is believed that
the adoption of the engine for general use
in lifeboats will follow.
HENDERSONS WILL • BUILD
SHAMROCK II FOR LIPTON
fifty-mile northerly gale at the rate of
«ix miles an hour and was handled with
entire success. An rcir-propr-lled boat
would not have t-.«,-en able to round the
breakers. Captain Clcary cf the Mar-
IMPERIAL ARSENAL AT TIENTSIN. WHICH WITH THE RAILROAD YARDS STANDS ON THE GROUND AN
NEXED BY RUSSIA. THIS ARSENAL WAS THE SCENE OF HEAVY FIGHTING IN THE EARLY PART OF
THE TROUBLE AND HAS SINCE BEEN HELD BY THE RUSSIAN TROOPS.
LIKE a spectre in the fog the
Austrian steel steamer Olga
lay grounded last night, half a
mile from the beach and two
"miles south from the' Cliff
House. Enveloped in a thick, murky mist,
she' beat' her way toward the straits.
Confounded by whistles, the absence of,
the lightship and the gray gloom which sat !
upon the sea. Captain Descovich. peering
into bleak space from the bridge of his
ship, felt the grinding of the keel on the
sands soon after 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon. It was his first ocean voyage to
this city. Looking fcr the* signals from
the lightship and' pricking his ears for di
recting sounds that would give him guid
ance, he suddenly found himself beached,
the roar of the breakers In his ears and
his keel hard and fast in the soft sands
of the ocean shor«.
Early In the afternoon a fog, thick to
impenetrability, settled upon the besch
and drove the few pleasure-seekers hurry
scurrying toward town. About 4 o'clock,
when every evidence of human life had
vanished from the beach, four shril'
blasts were heard by the crew of the
South Side Life-saving Station. Soon
after the dense fog lifted and the anxious,
eager life-savers saw the black outlineb
cf the Olga Just beyond the break of the
Eurf, but hard aground.
Little time was lost. In a moment the
crew, with its boat on the wagon, was
tearing down the beach toward a favor
able place of embarkation. Notified by
the warning whistles of the South Side
Station, the crews of the Golden Gate and
Fort Point stations manned their boats
and drove toward the scene of distress.
Captain Hobson with h's Kngllsh surf
boat, signaled the tug Relief, which was
bound for the reported wreck. He was
passed a line by Captain John Si'ovlch,
and away tugboat and lifeboat rolled,
breasting the waves for a rescue.
The three life saving crews on the
scene, their boats riding through the
breakers to the ill-fated Olga, the tug Re
lief gave the whistle signal to Patrolman
Hyslop for more assistance. The Alert
and Reliance were called for and they
steamed through the stralts-at full speed.
These three tugs' then -fa&fened tbelr haw
sers to the Olpa and". applied. Just enough
power to prevent the grounded ship from
being washed further" ashore , by the In
coming tide. The tug Rescue, hearing of
the Olga's mlshapi 1 went- out to- '{rive as
sistance, but finding the Alert.. Relief and
Reliance at work 'on the distressed ship
she started to return to the city.'
After the Re3cuo' had passed the Golden
Gate on the return she met the Sea King
and Monarch steaming out. Upon a sig
nal from Captain Gray the Rescue Joined
the Sea King and Monarch and all three
beat tracks toward the Olga on the beach.
At an early hour this morning the Relief,
Alert and Reliance were tugging at the
Olga to prevent her from "turtllng." and
the Rescue, Monarch and Sea King were
lying off and on In case of necessity.
When the Olga grounded the tide was
low. At 1 o'clock this afternoon the tide
will be high ana an attempt will then be
made to tear the'Olga free from her sand
moorings. In the meantime three tug
boats will hold the ship steady.
Last night the Olga was practically un
injured by her mishap. She lav broadside
on, with her nose pointed northward.
Captain and crew remained aboard all
night, doing all In their power to assist
the tugs in a combined effort to float the
ship. ' ' : : •' '.
The Olga is 51 days from Java, laden
with a sugar cargo consigned to order.
She is a Fteel screw steamer, built by R.
Thompson & Son of Sunderland. England.
Of 3234 tons gross, 340 feet 2 Inches length,
45 feet beam and 50 feet 3 Inches depth,
she Is one of the .very best freighters that
have come to this port. ¦• -
The lightship usually anchored between
Point Bonlta and the Farallones 1 fog sta
tion has been on the ways during the last
Captain Descovich, in Command, a Stranger to This Port, Becomes Bewifdered
by the Gloomy, Gray Covering of the Sea and the Absence of the
Lightship— Three Tugs Have Fastened Hawsers to the Olga and Three
More Are Standing By in Readiness .to Pull the Vessel Off the Sands.
Much Railroad Property and the East ArsenaHncluded in
Territory Annexed by Alleged Right of Conquest and
Consuls Will Make Most Vigorous Protest Against
Grabbing Spoils Before Proper Settlement Is Made.
TWIN-SCREW STEAMER OLGA, MANTLED IN A
THICK FOG, RUNS AGROUND ON THE BEACH
TWO MILES SOUTH OF THE CLIFF HOUSE
RUSSIA MAKES A BOLD SEIZURE
AT TIENTSIN AND NOTIFIES THE
FOREIGNERS TO PROVE CLAIMS
THE'BRITISH SHIP FLINTSHIRE HAS RETURNED HERE UNDER A JURY RIG. .. TWO MONTHS AGO SHE
LEFT PORT IN A HOWLING STORM FOR ENGLAND. SHE LOST THREE SAILS WHILE STILL, IN BIGHT,
¦• OFPORT.' [ .. ;^4v. ; •¦ . _ ;..^.,-- • • • / • •_¦;
Steyn told them he was going south and
hoped to return with. 5000 men,, assuring
them that he knew that Germany had de-
¦ PRETORIA. Nov. 8.— Surrendered bur
ghers assert that Mr. Steyn. after a coun
cil of war with Generals Botha and De
larey, addressed the burghers with great
passion, urging them to continue the war.
General Dewet has been wounded In the
leg In a tight with the troops of Genera!
Knox at Rensburg Drift. According to
native reports the Boer commander nar
rowly escaped capture.
llvered an ultimatum to Great Britain,
demanding the retrocession of the repub-
Declares Germany Has Delivered Ultimatum
Demanding Retrocession of Republic.
STEYN URGES BURGHERS
TO CONTINUE THE WAR
SAN FRAJSTCISCO, FRIDAY,? NOVEMBER: 9, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CE:NTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIIT— NO. 102.
A site has already b«en optioned for
the works and construction of the works
will be begun within three months. Be
tween 120,000 and 150,000 tons of the finished
product -will be turned out In a year.
The San Francisco CallStops the Cough
And work* off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul
n'.ne Tablets cure a cold in one day. No cure,
bo say. Price 25 cents. •
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 8.— Jerry Lynch,
72 years old, believed to be: the last sur
viving member of the crew of the Con
federate battleship Alabama, died at his
residence in Inman Park to-day. , He left
a large estate.
The tramping fad has struck
the town. .Bead what the
learned doctors and other well
known San Franciscans have to
say on the subject and then see
what you think about it. Next
Sunday's Call.
Jerry Lynch;
CAHTO, Nov. 8.— News was received
here to-day from Inglenook of the death
of Charles Wilkinson, a wealthy, land
owner of ¦ Inglenook Tow*nshlp. ¦ He fell
In an epileptic fit and struck his head on
the curbing around, a* water fountain,
fracturing his skull. He was a native of
California. 64 years of age and leaves a
wife and several grown children. He
had conducted a ranch of 8000 acres for
years successfully and was prominent in
many fraternal orders.
Charles Wilkinson.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 8.— Richard
Gardner (colored) was electrocuted in the
annex of the Ohio penitentiary at 12:05
a. m. Gardner was convicted of the mur
der of little Ethel Long at Austin on May
22 last.
Negro Is Electrocuted.
HABVEY PREDICTS DISASTER
Sees All Kinds of Trouble for the
Next Decade.
LITTLB ROCK. Ark.. Nor. 8.— A ¦pe
dal to the Gazette from Rogers. Ark..
says: W. H. Harvey, best known* as tho
author of Coin's Financial School, ar
rived here to-day from Chicago and gave
out the following statement:
"In the next decade there will be riots,
martial law and much distress and misery
in the congested centers of the north,
with the people helplessly subjected to an
Influence that Is slowly bringing about
their crucifixion. The people of Arkansas
are to be congratulated on having no
large city and no extremely rich people.
For these reasons I have come here to
make my home."
In McKinley's Home County.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 8.-Semi-offlclaI
figures of Stark County show that Mc-
Klnley gained nearly 2000 o\fr his plur
ality of 80O in 1806 and ran. 700 ahead of
the State ticket In his home county.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 8.— The Maurice
Grau Opera Company of 238 people, who
left Now York Saturday, arrived here this
morning on the longest and heaviest train
that has ever made the transcontinental
trip. The train was made up of five heavy
Wagner sleeping care, Maurice Grau'-s
private car, one dining car, two tourist
cars and eight baggage cars containing
scenery and properties. The trip waa
made under the personal direction of 0,
W. Murphey, traveling passenger agent
of the Southern Pacific Company. The
singers reveled to-day In the sunshine of
Southern California after their long and
trying trip. Melba, who had preceded the
company by several days, returned hare
from San FTancisco to-day.
To-night the three operas, "La Bo
heme," "Romeo et Juliette" and ".Lohen
grin,' which will be sung here, were re
hearsed at Hazard's Pavilion. The ad
vance sale for the brief season is over
$15 WO. Melba sings Mtmi in "La Boheme"
Friday night and it Is a curious fact that
this op^ra was produced for the first time
in the United States in Los Angeles three
years ago by the Del Conte Opera Com
pany. Nordica arrives from St. Louis <o
morrow and sings In "Lohengrin" Satur
day night. Gadski does not sing here and
left to-night for San Francisco. Campa
nari, Dippel, Edouard de Reszke. Daniel
Hispham and Pol Plancon are among tho
famous men who will sing htre. Suzanne
Adams sings Juliette Saturday afternoon
The long journey via New Orleans
passed without incident and Maurice Grau
this morning declared he was well pleased
with this, the first stop of his mammoth
six weeks' tour. The stage carpenters
machinists and electricians have been
here since Monday under the direction of
Stage Manager Schroeder. Grau declares
that the productions during the tour will
be Just as fine as in the Metropolitan
Opera-house. The company leaves for
San Francisco at 1 a, m. Sunday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Revels in California Sun
shine After Transcon
tinental Journey.
GRAU LINGERS
AT LOS ANGELES
It was known that the Presidential train
would neach this city about -8 o'clock and
several thousand persons congregated at
the Pennsylvania Railroad station to give
the President a cordial welcome back to
the capital city. The Presidential cars did
not enter the railway sheds; out were run
CALL BT7RKAV. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Nov. 8.-Prcsident
McKinley returned to Washington this
morning, from Canton and spent the. most
of the day receiving personal and tele
graphic congratulations. V
Sr>ee!«.l Dispatch to. The Call.
Spends the Greater Part of
the Day in Receiving
Congratulations.
PRESIDENT BACK
IN WASHINGTON
There is more or less gossip about pos
sible changes in the Cabinet, before or
after March 4 next. The President will
not discuss this delicate subject. Those
who have authority to speak for the
President say the subject has not been
seriously considered.
Mrs. McKlnley Is greatly pleased with
the indorsement of her husband and oii-
Joyed with keen delight and interest the
trip from Canton to Washington. At
one town Mrs. McKlnlex received por
traits of the President blown lit {rlass.
Some one from another place, where 'there
are large pottery works, sent Mrs. Mc-
Kinley a very handsome pitcher. School
children presented silken flags. As Mrs.
MeKlnley was fatigued to-day, she de
nied herself to all but the ladles of the
Cabinet circle and several close friends.
Almost the entire diplomatic corps left
cards to-day.
After breakfasting In the private dining
room with Mrs. McKinley, Private Secre
tary Cortelyou and Dr. Itixey of the navy,
the President repaired to the Cabinet
room. There he was confronted by sev
eral hundred congratulatory telegrams,
which had been received from all parts of
the world. Secretary Gage called to ex
tend congratulations. He was followed
by other members of the Cabinet now In
the city, including Secretary Hay, Secre
tary Hitchcock, Attorney General Grlggs
and Postmaster General Smith. Senator
Platt of Connecticut. Senator Sewell of
New Jersey and several minor officials of
the Government also called. The Presi
dent was in excellent spirits. There was
no attempt to transact anything but
strictly routine business at the White
House to-day, but to-morrow there will
be a regular Cabinet meeting, when pub
lic business will be resumed.
off on a sidetrack in Sixth street, where
the crowd had assembled. Secretary
Root. Adjutant Stneral Corbin, Surgeon
Cieneral Sternberg of tne army. Assistant
Secretary Pruden and several other public
oflicials were in waiting. As the President
assisted Mrs. McKlnley from the train the
crowd gave hearty cheers for the success->
ful candidate. The President acknowl
edged the compliment and lifting his hat
smiled graciously upon the throng, but
declined to respond to many cries for* a
speech. He entered his carnage and was
driven rapidly up Pennsylvania avenue to
the executive mansion. It was* at an hour
when the army of Government employes
was on its wjiy to work, and as the Presi
dential carriage was easily recognized Mr.
and Mrs. McKinley received an ovation,
all the way up the avenue.
Upon reaching the White House th©
President greeted the executive staff in
dividually, and in honor of the occasion
a new Hag was unfurled to the breeze
from the staff on the mansion to signalize
the return of the President to his post of
duty.
W. M. Horton (R.), candidate for Con
gress in the Twelfth District (St. Louis),
is contemplating contesting 1 the election
of James J. Butler (E>.). alleging that the
latter's election was accomplished by the
use of repeaters and a padded registration
list.
vidual candidates, and will be taken up
for formal official consideration as soon
as the otttrial count has been made. They
allege that a proper examination of the
ballots would result in the rejection of
from 3300 to 5000 of fraudulent votes that
have been placed to the credit of the
Democratic candidates. This would be suf
ficient to reverse the result on nearly all
the candidates*.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 8.— The Republicans
are considering a proposition to contest
the election In the city of St. Louts. The
matter has already, been discussed by the
Republican City Committee and by Indi-
Frauds Were Com
mitted.
Republicans Claim That Many
CONTESTS IN ST. I.OTJTS.
House— Republicans, 78; Democrats, "73.
Senate— Republicans, 33; Democrats, IS.
Republican majority on Joint ballot, IS.
CHICAGO, Nov. 8.— It is still Impossible
to give the make-up of the next Illinois
Legislature with accuracy.' Returns come
in slowly and when they come they differ
according to the party receiving them.
The returns seem to pull down the Repub
lican claims, although there is no reason
to doubt that the Legislature will be Re
publican. The figures, according to re
turns received to-night, indicate the for
mation will be as follows:
Majority on Joint Ballot.
CONDITION IN XLMK-OIS.
Republicans Will Have Eighteen
few instances, elected a President to suc
ceed himself, and President McKinley's
overwhelming indorsement by the people
of both parties Is. accordingly, the more
gratifying. ills election is a personal
triumph; an expression of the people*3
absolute respect and admiration for and
Implicit confidence in his* personal char
acter and of the conviction that. Judsrlntr
b >' his Past conduct, the nation's honor
and the people's Interests could not be
committed to safer or wiser direction in
the future.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 8. — Secretary
Hitchcock, who returned : to-day from
Missouri,' 'expressed his views on the
election as follows:
"The" American, people have, but In
Most Gratifying Victory.
FARGO, N. D., Nov. 8.— Nearly complete
returns have so far changed the situation
that all counties are. said to be Republi
can. The'lowest majority in' any els said
to- be . twenty-three. - Individual figures
have been lost sight of in the grand ma-
Jorit, which : Is now 12,377, .' nearly one
fourth the total vote, and an increase of
137 per. cent 'In the McKinley majority of.
four years ago. " , .-• ..
McKinley's Majority in North Da-
kota Is 12,377.
BIO REPUBLICAN GAINS.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 8.— Former Sena
tor M.' S. Quay, who will leave here to
morrow morning for Florida, to-night
gave out the following statement for pub
lication:
: "The contest on Tuesday resulted in a
sweeping -victory for the stalwart Repub
licans of the State. The Senate will be
organized by the regulars, no matter
what statements to the. contrary may be
made by insurgent or hostile newspapers.
Senator W. P. Snyder of Chester County
•will be elected President pro tern,
of the Senate and Representative W. T.
Marshal], a stalwart Republican from
.Allegheny County, will be Speaker of the
House. I will be elected Senator by about
1BC out of a total vote of 254 on the first
ballot in Joint assembly."
the Senate.
Declares That He Will Be Elected to
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Nov. 8.— The
official . returns of Tuesday's election are
nearly all at hand from the various parts
of the island. They show, as was antici
pated and forecasted, the election by the
Republicans of the entire House of Dele
gates and of Senor Frederico Degetau as
Commissioner of Congress.
Only 151 Federals went to the polls, the
total Republican vote being about 63,000.
The only disturbance thus far reported oc
curred last evening, when some twenty
Republicans of San Juan, who were cele
brating the victory, visited Rio Pedras, a f
Federal town. They were met on the out
skirts by the Federals with the Mayor and
police. Shots were exchanged and one
person was killed and two wounded. There
was some rioting in the town througbout
the night. • .
Police reinforcements were sent there
this evening to prevent a threatened re
newal of the disorders.
SENATOR QUAY'S STATEMENT.
of Delegates.
Republicans Elect the Entire House
BESULTS IN PORTO RICO.
"The American nation thereby testifies
its gratitude for the great services ren
dered-the national cause. Mr. McKinley's
sagacity and skill in discovering a safe
middle course and not" going beyond what
the general Interests of the country re
quired is approved by public opinion,
which explains why there is no important
defection among his 180G supporters."
Bourse Gazette, Influenced by the Fin
ance Minister, does^ not anticipate the
"adoption of thorough-going imperialism
as a result of the election." It adds: "The
re-election was predestined, since the com
mercial and industrial nation could not
intrust its affairs to an extreme radical
like Bryan."
The Novoe Vremya says: "McKlnley
adopted Bryan's views of foreign politics
and sheered away from England and even
Germany. WiU he resume his old policy?
Momentarily America is ranged . with
France and Russia."
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 8.— The Jour
nal de St. Petersburg, the organ of the
Foreign Office, discusses the United States
election in a more friendly tone than any
other Russian newspaper. It says:
i . .
Journal de St. Petersburg Exhibits
a Friendly Tone.
FBOM A RUSSIAN VIEW.
man policy in China and begun to gravi
tate toward Russia and France, the Ber
liner Nachrichten prints a strong semi
official denial, asserting that such state
ments "rest on no fact whatever."
house. It is said that Moorhouse was the
only person that knew just what chemi
cals were stored in the building at the
time of the explosion.
Ex-Governor William J. Stone said of
the proposed reorganization of the Demo
cratic party: "This kind of talk always
follows the defeat of any party. Had the
Republicans been defeated they would be
talking reorganization to-day. TJiose who
have the most to say about reorganiza
tion are generally the ones who contrib
uted most to the defeat of their party "
In honor of the seventieth birthday of
General O. O. Howard a banquet was
given by some of his friends this evening.
Senator Chauncpy M. tfepew presided,
and addresses were delivered by the Rev
Dr. J. H. Barrows of Oberlin. T. B. Reed
Captain Mahan of the United States navy
and Booker T. Washington. Among the
guests were former Secretary of War Al
ger. General Brooks and Colonel Mills. A
handsome album, containing souvenir let
ters from President McKinley and others,
was presented to General Howard.
The following Callfornians are in New
lork: From San Francisco— C. H. Bal
at the Grand Union; C. Heyes at the SL
George; H. Sherwood, at the Imperial*.
Mrs. Swinerton. at the Gerard. From Los
Angeles— W. Thomas, at the Grand Union.
failed to find them, and learned that they
did not take passage on the
It is stated that the indictment against
Chief of Police Devery for interfering
with the action of State Superintendent
of Elections McCullagh is not likely to bo
pressed with any particular strenuous
ness. The main object, it has been stated,
was to get a quiet and orderly election,
and it seems that with that end accom
plished it is considered that further pros
ecution of Devery would simply create
trouble for no purpose.
Mrs. Salrna Coe Kerr, who was recently
so badly injured in the Adirondacks by
accidental shooting that her leg was am
putated, was married at noon to-day to
Charles F. Bailey of Philadelphia. Mr.
Bailey was with Mrs. Kerr at the time of
the accident, and was struck in the back
by the same bullet that wounded Mrs.
Kerr. The shot was fired by l>r. Charles
T. Dade of this city, who was deer hunt
ing, andi who mistook Mr. Bailey for a
fit-er.
Two bodies were found to-dav bv work
men engaged in excavating the TTarrant
& Co. fire and explosion ruins. One was
identified as that of Hamilton Matthews,
a driver employed by Tarrant & Co.: the
other is believed to be that of Tarrant's
missing shipping clerk, Benjamin Jloor-
"^r ONDON, Nov. 8.— All newspaper-
I dom hereaway is expectant any
1 moment of an important effort
I A in the Maybrick case. C. T.
Ritchie, the new Home Secre
tary, is sure to bo appealed to by the
friends of the woman at Woklng, who
firmly believe tbat they can secure from
him that fairness and consideration they
were unable to gain from his predecessor.
Sir aiatthew White Ridley. Mr. Ritchie
is'a sturdy man of business, unbound by
red tape or ol.1 prejudices.
If Lprd Russell of .Killowcn were alive
Mrs. Maybrick's plea for clemency would
have been presented again before this.
The late Lord | Chief Justice was always
a firm believer in her innocence and the
*few steadfast friends of the woman are
confident that the circumstances that con-
Special EHspatch to The Call.
Vice Admiral Edward W. Seymour Ho
bart. K. C. B., In command of the- China
Alderman Frank Green, -who was elected
Lord Mayor of London September 29. was
formally installed in that office at the
Guild Hall this afternoon. The formal
taking of the- oath at the law courts and
the Lord Mayor's show, so called, other
wise the civic procession, take place as
usual to-morrow. Lord Mayor Green is
a native of Maldstcne. Kent, and is a pa
per merchant. His wife, a daughter of
Joseph Haydn, the author of "The Dic
tionary of Dates," died last winter, so the
uutles of Lady Mayoress will be under
taken by Mr. Green's daughter.
Mrs. Maybrick has been in "Woklng
prison since ISO and those who have seen
her lately say that she is a badly broken
down, dispirited woman.
vinced him that she was not guilty wf
have the necessary weight with the ne"
Home Secretary.
MRS. FLORENCE MAYBRICK. SERVING A LIFE SENTENCE AT WO
KING FOR THE POISONING OF HER HUSBAND. HER FRIENDS
HAVE HOPE OF CLEMENCY FROM THE NEW HOME SECRETARY.
I
ELBRIDGE T. GERRY. FORMER COMMODORE OF THE NEW YORK
YACHT CLUB. \\ HO HAS RESIGNED AS PRESIDENT OF THE HU
MAXE SOCIETY IN* THE METROPOLIS.
• • •
Assistant Commissioner of Immigration
McSweeney boarded the steamer Kaiserin
Maria Theresa to-day at Quarantine to
look for twenty-four lace makers who. it
was t>sJd. were to be brought here in v!o
ltttlon of the alien contract labor law. He
Subscriptions will shortly be opened
here for bonds of the Central Railroad,
which are guaranteed, principal and in
terest, by the-, tfwiss Government. The
loan will be offered both in this country
ajid in Europe, Full details as to the ex
tent of the issue cannot as yet be defi
nitely ascertained. When first reported it
was said that the loan would be for 300 -
<iOO,t«Xi francs, or about J»J .000.000. and that
the bonds would bear 4 per cent interest.
• • •
Eibridge T. Gerry, founder of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children and for the last twenty-one years
at its head, has resigned as president of
the organization. Vernon M. Davis, for
mer Assistant District Attorney, has been
named by the board of directors of the
•society as Mr. Gerry's successor. Mr.
ilerry's resignation is the culmination of
a fight that has lasted for years in the
Legislatures and the courts between Mr.
Gerry, the State Board of Charity and
the New York City officials. It was Mr.
Gerry'" claim that while his society got
an annual appropriation from the State
of tXJBQQ, it was a secret organization not
subject to State inspection. D. O. Mills
fays that Mr. <ierry resigned because of
the hard work involved in the presidency.
He had to devote all of his attention to It
and in so doing had to neglect his per-
Fonal affairs. Mr. Davis t-aid that he did
not know whether he would accept the
position or not.
NEW YORK, Nov. 8.— Miss Clara
Clemens, daughter of "Mark;
Twain." has decided to become
a professional singer. She will
he heard in concerts and re
citals in this city during the present sea
pon. Samuel L. Clemens is very proud of
his talented oauKhter and readily consent
<d to her choice of profession. She is a
thorouph musician, being a finished
pianist ?.s well as singer.
Miss Clemens has a rich mezzo-soprano
voice. She accompanied her father during
his travels through Europe and .-tudied
under 8om<> of the best instructors in in
strumental and vocal music abroad. In
London Miss Clemens was a pupil of Miss
Helen Hope Kirk, the pianist, and took
vocal instruction from Blanche Marchegl.
In Berlin Moskowszkl was her piano in-
Mructor. During her father's stay in
Vienna Miss Clemens was under the tui
tion of Lcschetiszki for the piano and
Mariano Brandt for vocal culture. It was
after her rapid progress in Vienna that
the decided to become a profersional
finger. She has inherited a ready wit
from her father and is popular in society
wherever she is known. In addition to
her musical studies Miss Clemens has
learned the languages of the countries in
which she traveled and gives such of her
songs that ate in her repertoire as they
were written.
• • •
C. Oliver Iselin will manage the old de
fender Columbia in the trial races next
summer with the new vacht now being
built at the Herreshofl* shops in Bristol.
R. I., to defend the America's cup against
Sir Thomas Lipton's challenge. News of
this dc-nnite determination or Mr. Iselin
* -.w-b from a yachtsman who is in clo^e
Loucb with plar.£ now under wav for the
dtfense of the cup. It means that the de
lay in the selection of a manager for the
new boat, which is generally understood
to have b«-en in a large measure due to
the hope that Mr. IseMn might be induced
to accept tho responsibility, Wi.. probably
row come to an end.
• * •
The Italian anarchists of this city will
eive a benefit emertainmont.on Novem
ber 10 in aid of the wife and family of
Brepci, who assassinated King Humbert.
Incidentally, the unarchists will commem
orate the hanging of the anarchists in
C"hieago for the Haymarkct bomb throw
ing. .Mrs. Bresci has decided that she will
have nothing to do with the anarchists,
and her friends and neighbors are angry
at the attempt of the anarchists to con
nect hor name with their entertainment.
Her friends say that -benefit for
Mrs. Bresci" is merely a cloak to hide an
intention to celebrate the Haymarket
riots. The entertainment, the anarchists
tay. will be held in the Bowery.
6r*<"!a! IM5j>atch to The Call.
During Her Tour Abroad With Her Father Miss
Clemens Receives Musical Instruction.
Under Best Masters.
station since 1S37 (who is to be succeeded
by Vice Admiral Sir Harry Holdsworth
Rawscn), has been appointed a G. C. B.,
and Naval Captains Bailey, T. Burke. Col
lagcan and Jelllcoe have been appointed
c U. s. for services in China.
• • • • a
The Japanese battleship Mlkasa, »al<l to
po the most formidable vessel of lta kind
V?. . world . was launched to-day at th»
\ ickers-Maxxm Works at Barrow. The
Mikasa is of 15,200 tons displacement. She
I 3 . feet lon *»'- 7S f «* w 'de and 27 feet
3 inches deep, she has two propellers ana
has an indicated horsepower of 15,1)00. She
has an armor belt of 12 to 14 Inches and
the armor on her gun positions is 14 to 16
inches thick while the deck plating is
two Inches thick. The armament of the
Mlkasa consists of four 12-inch guns, four
teen »-inch quick-firing guns, twenty 4
pounders, eight 3-pounders and four 2
pounders. She has four submerged tor
pedo tubes. The vessel has a speed (es
timated) of IS knots, and her normal coal
supply la Ujo tons. She carries a crew
cf TW men.
• • •
PARIS, Nov. 8.— The Customs Commit
tee of the Chamber of Deputies met to
day. The opinion prevails ihat the re-,
election of McKiniey will lead to a
Franco-American commercial convention
being shortly submitted to the Washing
ton rienate. whose vote is awaited before
the measure will be brought before th©
French Chamber.
• • • •
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 8.-Learned
men of this city are planning a scientific
expedition to examine the immense num
ber cf manuscripts at Mukden, discovered
by Russian troops, among them being an
cient Greek and Roman documents, sup
posedly taken by the Mongolians on their
retreat from the Occident. They are be
lieved to be of great historical value. '
• • •
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 8.— Naphtha
pr'jJu.-is and securities are row look'ne
up. Two end one-*: ale million pounds of
re^idi'*- have b«en contracted for by Mos
cow f.ictorie a at 21 and 22 koDeks per or
der, partly in cash. There Is no .truth
that tne' Railway Minister has declled to
introduce naphtha for nrin? on all the
Russian railways, a* publlshc-d, but it will
e.xt«nd to lines v.'here *.t has i>ot yet been
adopted.
• • •
ST PETERSBURG. Ncv. F.— The Rus
sian Government Intends to send an agent
to the I'n'ted Statts to study homestead
annexation, with the view of Its partial
application to the peasant communities.
• • •
PARIS. Nov. K— At the close of a long
session yesterday, culminating in very ex
citing divisions, the Chamber of Deputies
adopted a resolution of confidence Jn tha
"N'aldeck-Rousseau government by 323 ,
votes against 222. The Chamber had pre-
vioualy adoptod a resolution expressing
regret that the Government had surren
dered to Belgium Sipido, the assailant of
the Frince of Wales.
• • •
BERLIN. Nov. 8.— It has leaked out that
the forthcoming imperial budget win pro
vide for two new pioneer battalions of
three companies each for each army
corps. It will also provide 3.600.000 marks
for Dullding a -war harbor at I>antzic. At
Kiel a large anchorage harbor for war
ships will be built, together with a harbor
for torpedo-boats, capable of holdinjr sixty
of the largest. At "Wilhelmshaven two
immense drydocks will be built. .
• • •
BERLIN, Nov. 8.— The socialists held
ten meetings in BerUn'this evening to dis
cuss the scarcity of dwellings for laborers.
• • •
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 8.— Prince George
of Greece, High Commissioner for Crete.
Is now In Copenhagen. He will extend hla
visit to all the European cabinets, going
first to London.
Friends of the Woman Who Believe in Her Inno
cence Expect F,avorable Action by the. New
FRESH HOPE OF MRS. MAYBRICK'S
RELEASE FROM WOKING PRISON
McKINLEY HAS
CARRIED STATE
OF NEBRASKA
Plurality of at Least Two
Thousand Secured Be-
BERLIN, Nov. 8.— Some of the German
papers continue . their comments upon the
sweeping Republican , victories in the
United States. The Lokal Anzelger says:
"It must not be assumed that President
McKinley feels very comfortable in his
imperial greatness. The policy of the
Washington administration has for some
time been hesitating, anxious and ¦ far
from clear. >: Ita .standard of action has
been the avoidance of every risk and con
sequently the very reverse of plans of ad
venture/' ' ¦:¦"-¦-¦ ;
The Socialist Vorwaerts observes: "Con
sidering Mr. McKlnley's cautious attitude
in China it is hardly to be feared for the
present that imperialism 1 will undertake
large new actions in the intoxication of
victory over the sanction given It on Tues
day . "r^s*«ro02pBGg$»*s&aaaflBM&B*q%iiQcg
The section of the German press having:
recently asserted that -the United States
and Japan had abandoned the Anelo-Ger-
Effect Upon 'Imperialism.
Berlin Papers Discuss Election and
GERMAN COMMENT.
Messages, Including One From Mr.
Bryan, Reach Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov 8.-Among the
congratulatory telegrams received by the
President are the following-:
"PARIS, Nov. 7.— His Excellency Mon
sieur McKlnley, President United States
of America: I beg you to accept my most
Blncere congratulations on your re-elec
tion to the supreme office that you have
filled with such luster, and during which
the bonds of friendship between our two
countries have, to my great delight, been
drawn still closer. EMILE LOUBET."
"MANILA. Nov. 8.— The President: Sin
cere congratulations. The most- impor
tant step in bringing peace and prosperity
to these islands has been taken.
"COMMISSION."
"GUATEMALA. Nov. 7.— Mr. McKlnley:
I sincerely felicitate you.
"M. ESTRADA, Presldente."
LINCOLN, Nebr.. Nov. 8.— William J.
Bryan sent the following telegram at
noon to-day to President McKlnley:
"Hon. WUHam McKinley, President of
the United States: At the close of an
other Presidential campaign it Is my lot
to congratulate you upon a second vic
tory- - W. J. BRYAN."
CLEVELAND, Nov. 8.— Senator Hanna
received many more telegrams of con
gratulation to-day, among them the fol
lowing from Governor Roosevelt:
' "My most earnest congratulations for
the great share you have had in the- vic
tory." , - -.
Senator Hanna left this evening at 6:30
for New York. <:•.-, •
Says an Attempt Is Being Made to
Rob Republicans of the Vote.
NEW YORK, Nov. 8.— As a result of
messages received at national headquar
ters lo-day by National Committeeman J.
H. Manley and N. H. Scott from doubtful
points Mr. Manl«;y late this evening gave
out the following statement:
"Full returns to-day leave the,situation
as It was yesterday. We have won by
308 electoral votes. I We have carried
every Northern State but Colorado, Ne
vada and Montana. We have carried
Kentucky, Maryland, Delaware and West
Virginia. As we predicted during the en
tire campaign, they are attempting to rob
us of the electoral votes in Kentucky un
der the power of the Goebel law. If they
succeed we shall have 295 electoral votes.
Our candidate for Governor wires that we
have carried Kentucky for the electoral
ticket and elected him by over 7000. The
time has come when the American people
ought to insist at whatever cost that the
votes shall be counted, as they were hon
estly cast."
Senator Scott, In answer to telegrams
inquiring as to tne result in Nebraska,
received ,the following dispatch from Ed
ward Rosewater, member of the National
Advisory Committee, who is a candidate
for the United States Senatorship from
Nebraska:
"Returns from rural districts incom
plete, but no doubt whatever that Mc-
Kinley carried Nebraska by not less than
3000. Governorship close, but prospects
favor Republicans. Both houses of Leg
islature will be Republican by small ma
jority."
» . ¦ —
CONGRATULATE PRESIDENT.
MANLEY CLAIMS KEIJTUCKY.
Vote, in Kentucky Is Very Close, and
Republicans Claim Wholesale
Fraud on the Part of
Democrats.
?
OMAHA. Nov. 8.— Complete returns
from two-thirds of the counties and scat
tering returns from the balance show
that McKlnley has carried Nebraska by a
plurality of at least 2000. An equal num
ber of returns on the State ticket Indicate
that Nebraska has elected Governor
Poynter and the entire State ticket by
pluralities ranging from 500 to 1800 over
the Republicans, the Governor, being high
man.
If the balance of the State shows the
same , percentage of gain and loss,
Poynter's election is certain, and the
counties to be heard from being mostly
in the western part of the State, it is fair
to presume that this is the case.
The Legislature will likely be decided
by Douglass County. In which it will take
the official count to determine the vote.
The World-Herald (Democratic) claims
the Lieutenant Governor will cast the de
ciding vote in the upper House, and that
the lower House is evenly divided, with
two placts in doubt.
The State Republican Committee, which
last night gave out the claims that Dlde
rich and the Republican State ticket were
elected with from 5000 to 7000 majority,
this afternoon scales down "close to the
danger line," and claimed the election of
the State ticket by from 100") to 2000.
In Douglass County the count is close,
and charges of fraud are* made by the
Democrats.' The Republicans claim to
have elected one out of three Senators
and six out of nine Representatives, while
the Democrats claim two Senators and all
the Representatives.
LOUISVILLE. Ky;, Nov. 9.— At 12:30
a. m. the Courier-Journal, with returns
from all but eleven of the 1SS4 precincts
in Kentucky, puts Bryan's majority at
7800 and Beekham's at 4150. These eleven
precincts are sparsely settled, and gave in
the last State election combined Repub
lican majorities of less than 500. In arriv
ing at the figures, 7S0O and 4150, as the ma
jorities respectively of Bryan and Beck
ham, the usual. Republican majorities in
the missing eleven precincts were allowed
for.
John W. Yerkes, Republican candidate
for Governor, left to-night for his home at
Danville.
The Louisville Commercial (R.) will to
morrow say the election is "very close."
It will not concede the defeat ot Yerkes
and the McKlnley electors, and will say
that the official count only can determine
the result.
Chairman Coombs of the Republican
State Campaign Committee was quoted
to-day, as follows: "While we have not
the figures thoroughly compiled, yet wo
are certain that Yerkes carried Kentucky
by a small though safe majority. The re
sult is very close. I think that it will
probably require the official count to de
termine how the State goes. When I left
headquarters i'erkes . had a small plu
rality, with seventeen counties still to be
heard from. .1 am informed that over 30C0
ballets werq' not counted by Goebel elec
tion officers^ throughout the State, on ac
count of trivial technicalities. We have
discovered that not only have systematic
frauds been practiced a., over the State,
but in some counties there was wholesale
exclusion of voters from the polls. In
Fayette County, for instance, In two pre
cincts 500 voters were kept from voting.
In Breathitt 600 persons -were kept from
voting. Challengers and inspectors were
also 'excluded fiom- the booths. _- In num
bers of counties the returns were padded
by the Democrats, notably in Franklin
and Owen counties."
TWAIN'S TALENTED DAUGHTER
WILL BE PROFESSIONAL SINGER
THE /SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1900.
• •
2
718 Market Street.
s ai Woods fo
Out-of-town orders filled— writs us.
They come in quite a few styles — Derbys in black, and
Fedoras and Graecos in pearl, cedar, brown and black;
also rough finished Fedoras in pearl, oxford, blue
mixed and brown. The last mentioned hats are proving
to be popular with the ladies.
If you will look in our Market street hat window you
will see what a good hat we are selling for ninety cents;
we are confident in saying that these hats equal the usual
$1.50 hats to be had here in San Francisco — but^ your
wearing one is the best test.
Ninety cents
(CHAS. KEILUS & CO.)
,Tlie .Hub
STEIN-BLOCH CO.'S
SUITS AND OVERCOATS
OF FABRICS AND FASHIONS
THAT ARE '
EXCLUSIVELY
. NEW.
Exclusive' 7
Hflgh=Qrade
Clothiers .'
HACKETT. CARHART & CO.'S
SUITS AND OVERCOATS
OF MATERIALS AND PATTERNS
THAT HAVE
NEW IDEAS
AND STYLE.
PARAGON PANTS
ARE RIGHT.
SOLD ONLY HERE.
\T) KEARNY ST.
IV L THURLOW BLOCK.GRASS VALLEY, Nov. - 8.— A well de
fined case of smallpox has developed here.
Edward Jones, who lives below Watt
Park, is the victim. The case was first
discovered yesterday, when Dr. Jones was
called to attend the man. A strict quar
antine has been placed about the prem
«ses and the schools his children attended
have been closed. The State Board of
Health/ has been notified. How the dis
ease was contracted . by Jones is a mys
tery. He worked -several days after first
feeling 111 at the mines, but so far none
of the worklngmen have been affected.
Smallpox at Grass "Valley.
The parishioners of Sacred Heart
Church are all astir over the minstrel
Fhow to be given this evening at Metro
politan Hall for the benefit of the church.
The stage of the historic hall on Fifth
street has been transformed so that It
resembles that of a theater, an im
mense scene having been placed in front
of the organ. Last evening a full dress
rehearsal or the entire company waa held
apd_ each number was rendered In a
highly creditable manner, the singing of
the madrigal chorus by thirty-five little
boys in black being a special feature. Be
sides the minstrel first part, there will be
buck and wing dancing, stump speeches.
Instrumental solos, the performance to
conclude with a one-act farce by mem
bers of the company. • - * -
In Aid of Sacred Heart Church.
Mrs. Weeks' condition is -critical owing
to injuries received in Jumping off the
wharf.
When asked why she had sought to end
her life Mrs. JVeeks said that worry over
the action of n«r husband, to which sor
row had been added the death of her two
children, a girl of six and one 6f eight
made her come to the conclusion that lu'a
was not longer worth living.
Weeks left his wife about two weeks
ago alleging that, she was habitually dis
sipated. Mra Weeks avers that her hus
band was in the habit of beating her and
on one occasion struck her a blow on tha
head that has caused her mind to bi
affected at times. She said that this
morning she did not know what she was
doing. She imagined some one was fol
lowing her - and when she was on- the
chute she concluded to end her life and
misery in this way.
Charles Jordan and William Myers,
longshoremen, saw the woman jumpintothe
water and hurried to secure a boat to go
to her rescue. The woman was in the
water fully twenty minutes before they
reached her. She was at once taken to
her home and was revived after several
hours of medical attention.
COVELO. Nov. 8.— Grief-stricken be
cause of 111 treatment and desertion by
her husband, Mrs. Hannah Weeks of
Rockland attempted to commit suicide by
Jumping into the sea off the wharf where
small vessels are loaded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Hannah Weeks of
Rockland' Attempts to
End Her Life.
FRANTIC WOMAN
JUMPS INTO SEA
All the papers discuss the coincidence
of three notable cases in which the swing
of the political pendulum has been ar
rested, and the Daily News remarks:
"Does it portend a new factor In Demo
cratic politics? The only safe conclu
sion is that what has happened is not
because Lord Salisbury. Mr. McKinley
and Sir Wilfrid Laurier had discovered
a. way of governing without mistakes, but
because in all three countries there has
been a stlrrinR of national life to new
and great issues and because the opposi
tion parties have been found out of touch
with national feelinp."
• The Dally Mall points out that Eng
land has thus far failed to make any re
turn for Canadian loyalty and urges that
some compensation be made for Canada's
flscaj concessions.
LONDON. Nov. 8.— In commenting on
the Canadian elections the morning
papers, Irrespective of party, express un
bounded satisfaction at Sir Wilfrid Lau
rier's victory. The Daily News utilizes it
to read a lesson to the British anti-war
Liberals, and says: "It is a remarkable
fact which Liberals nearer home would do
well to ponder that no more eloquent
statements of the British cause have been
made than by £%• Wilfrid Laurier."
English Journals Comment
on Recent Canadian
t Elections.
WARNING TO THE
ANTI-WAR PARTY
that crushed him having- been thrown
over the engine. Fireman Ed Riddle was
picked up near him. his left foot cut off
at the lower part of the instep, left leg
broken at the ankle, loft arm crushed,
head bruised and cut and his back in
jured. Engineer Drennan was taken out
of the gnarled and twisted remnants of
the cab. which had b«en dashed to the
ground beside his machine. His skull
was terribly crushed, his right arm
broken in several places and his left leg
mangled below the kr.ee.
Fireman Wilhelm was caught by the
base of the tender Just below the knees
and jammed against the end of the fire
box, while the tank and contents were
piled upon him. His ;.cck was dislocated
and he died instantly. The body was se
verely burned and scalded before it could
be rescued. Brakemar. Campbell was also
In the cab and was taken out near En
gineer Drennan. His Lack and head were
seriously injured and tiie right ear nearly
cut ..off. He cannot recover.
The Injured men were taken to Portland
on a special at 1 p. m.
The collision occurred on a curve at the
south end of Sheridan's farm. The trains
were the regular southbound 223, in
charge of Conductor Englerock and En
gineer Hendricks. and a northbound ex
tra, in charge of Conductor Cloyd and
Engineer Drennan. Kogineer Hendricks
was found crushed under a car beside his
«-r.gine. His neck was broken and death
must have Ix^en instantaneous. He evi
dently Jumped' or was thrown from his
cab by the ehock of the collision, the car
ROSEBT.~RG, Or.. Nov. %.— What was
probably the most disastrous railway
wreck that ever occurred in Southern
Oregon took place at 7 o'clock this morn
ir.^r about two miles south of this city.
It was a head-end collision, and Engin
eer Sam Her.dricks am Fireman A. Wil
helm w*>re instantly killed. Engineer W.
H. Drennan, Fireman E. D. Riddle and
Brakeman C. D. Campbell were terribly
injured.
"It has been derided to reorganize the
National Association ana to change its
scr.pe to anti-colonialism. There ha? al
ways bem a majority of the leading: m»n
in the National Association of Anti-Impe
rialist Cluba who believed that the asso
ciation should hf devoted to opposing the
fvstem of e*ta.bllshir<? colonies. The ob
ject of the reorganized anti-colonial
league will t>» to limit Iti work to nomi
nating and electing candidates who are
in favor of oppoFins the policy of the Re
publican party in the Philippines as at
prf-F^nt outlined by the party."
NEW YORK. Nov. *.— The executive
committee of the National Association of
Anti-Ixr.perialist Clubs, of which C. C.
Hugh«rs Is chairman, held a meeting to
day ajnd appointed a commit tt-e to work
out a plan of reorganization. The com
mittee Is C. C Hughes. J. F. Hardes and
J. W. Janssen. On the subject of reorgan
ization Mr. Hug-hes said:
TO REORGANIZE
THEIR PARTY
Engines Come Together Near Roseburg
Wittf Fatal Results.
TWO LIVES LOST IN
AN OREGON WRECK
Artemis Circle will on "Wednesday
evening next entertain Its friends with a
one-act farce : entitled "A Scheme That
Failed.", and then .with a ¦ hon, ;.
Mrs. M. E. Falconer, S. C. C: Mrs.
Julia Bennett, S. T.; Mrs. F. N. Morrow.
S. S.: Mrs. K. Howard, S. L. G.; Depu
ties Mrs. M. Sinz. Mrs. Scheurln, Mrs. A.
Boehm, Mrs. F. Jones, Mrs. J. c. Pater
son and John Falconer visited Washing
ton Circle on the occasion of it.s last
meeting. From the reports presented it
was ascertained that the circle is In ex
cellent condition and that after an exis
tence of seventeen years the membership
and the funds are in a more satisfactory
condition 8 than at any period of its ex
istence. After the meeting there was an
adjournment to the banquet hall, wher«
a sumptuous supper was partaken of.
The supreme chief companion was pre
sented a beautiful vase filled with flow
ers and each officer and deputy was pre
sented a bunch of flowers.
Supreme Chief Companion l.Irs. Fal
coner, Supreme Sub-Chief Mrs. Jj G
Miller and Mrs. J. J. Roberts, P. c" C '
of Piedmont Circle visited Valley Circl'e
on the occasion of its last held meeting
¦when two candidates were initiated in an
able manner. This circle now. has a mem
bership of 100 in good standing. A ban
quet and a dance followed the buslnes3
meeting.
Laurel Circle No. 209. organized by J
•Falconer. P. S. C. C. was instituted last
week with fifty charter members by Su
preme i Chief Companion Mrs. M. . E. • Fal
coner. S. A. McHugh is. chief companion
and Miss J. Glover financial secretary
The supreme chief companion, accom
panied by J. Falconer. P. S. C. C, will
visit Oro Fino Circle at Jackson on the
7th inBt., Amador Circle on the 9th and
Diana Circle at Sutter Creek on the 13th
lnst. ¦-;•¦¦ ..- , • i". ¦•• %
Companions of the Forest
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 8.— To-night a
drunken Finn named Oscar Johnson on
being ejected from a Front-street saloon
went away and armed himself with a
knife and returned. In the doorway he
met John Ryan, a railroad employe, and
made a slash at his neck. Ryan caught
the blow on the point of the shoulder and
his arm was laid open for ten inches.
Johnson was arrested while trying to es
cape, into Yolo.
Look out for the hundreds of
laughs in the comic half-tone
section given free with next
Sunday's Call.
Stabbed by a Drunken Man.
Killashandra was a bay filly by Gold
Fincn-Connomara. She was the winner
of a number of rich stakes on the Amcr"
can turf.
LONDON. Nov. S.— William C. Whit
ney's crack three-year-old filly, Klllashar
dra, which recently arrived here from
America, died shortly after her* arrival
at Newmarket to-day.
Year-Old Passes Away in
England.
William C. Whitney's Crack Three-
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 8. — Chairman,
Schlvely of the Republican State Central
Committee says: "McKinley's majority
in Washington is 15,000. The Governor is
In doubt. The balance of the Republican
State ticket is elected by 8000. The Con
gressmen are elected by 6000."
The following is probably a conservative
estimate: McKinley 10.000 majority; Gov
ernorship in doubt. The balance of the
Republican State ticket has 6000 majority.
State Senaffi— Republicans 21. Democrats
8; House— Republicans 58. Democrats 21.
The returns are still Incomplete. The
Democratic committees have disbanded.
KILLASHANDEA DIES AFTER
REACHING NEWMARKET
Race for Gubernatorial Chair Is Very
DOTJBT IN "WASHINGTON.
There was one witness to the affa'r.
who declines to talk except to the officers,
but his story to the District Attornfy
shows it was a willful shooting. Moore
was drunk and shot George in the right
ear after a trivial dispute over money
matters. At last accounts the 'wounded
man was alive, but it is said he cannot
live long. Moore is in custody.
STOCKTON. Nov. 8. — Mlllard F. Moore,
a saloon-keeper at Farmington, this coun
ty, this afternoon shot and probably mor
tally wounded a farm laborer named Isaac
George.
Millard F. Moore at Stockton
"During a Quarrel.
Isaac George Is Fatally Injured by
SALOON-KEEPER SHOOTS
A FARM LABORER
MAUD McCORMICK. the slx
t«>oii-year-old daughter of B.
F. McCormtckJ who eloped
fr--m San <W» Sunday night
"jrtth \Varron Iliirtzoll, a mar
r<><5 man. wras arrested yesterday in this
city B»d locked up 5n tho City Prison.
She- will bo returned to San Jns-e to-day,
Hartz^ll is supposed to be on the way to
Ix«= Angelas v.nd the police of that city
have been notified to arrest him.
About thr'-e weeks asro Hartzell. who
i« woil known in Sun Jose, married an
«»*tirr.ab!c young womr.n -named Bessie
Rhowers. Refore their honeymoon was
• tided Hartzrll proceeded to mak* love to
Miss McCcrmick. Notwithstanding that
search for him. . Failing to find him, she
returned to her room, where she remained
until yesterday. After satisfying herself
that he had deserted her, meeting a police
man on Market street she revealed her
identity and asked to be sent back to San
Jose.
After being taken tosthe City Prison the
girl admitted that she was in love with
Hartzell and seemed anxious to shield
him.
"I knew he was a married man when 1
consented to elope with him," she re
marked, "but as he was so good and
kind I never thought he would desert me.
When I first n**t him he professed to be
in love with Vne, and as I thought he was
telling the truth I asked him what he in
tended to do with his wife. He told me
ihat h<> had made a mistake in marrying
Miss Showers and that he intended get
tine a divorce from her. On this promise
to nurry me as soon as he was legally
?eparatei1 from Ills wife, I consented to
elope with him.
"After lo;i\inr San Jose he took all the
money I had on the pretense that he
would take carp of it. Notwithstanding
that he has left me, I still love him and
hope some day to hernmc his wife."
La.<t night Deputy Sheriff Raehe of San
Jose arrived here to take charge of the
girl. He caused a charge of petty larceny
to be recorded againsi h<r for stealing a
pkirt from a Mrs. Stanfield. for whom
slip worked as a domestic. Tho money
which was taken from her hy Hartzell
was stolen from Mrs. Shepherd of San
•Tc?e. who employed the pirl to d«j light
housework several days ago. Mrs.
Bie Hartzell Is willing to forgive and wel
come him home. She is not so sweetly
disposed, however, toward her former
girl companion, Maud McCormick. who
eloped with Hartzell. She blames the girl
ajid declares she should be punished and
sent to the reform school.
The two girlB of 16 were close chums
and when Bessie Showers married War
ren Hartzell scarcely a day passed that
Maud McCormick did not call on the
young matron. Now, Mrs. Hartzell says
she sees through it all and should have
kicked Maud from the house. While her
husband was telling her of his undying
love, Mrs. Hartzell now realizes, Maud
McCormick was making love to him, her
sole purpose being to elope with him.
Mrs. Hartzpll said this afternoon that
she and her husband had always been
happy and when she found out he had de
serted her for Maud It was a fearful
shook to her.
"Yes. I want my husband to come
home," she said to-day. "I will forgive
him if he comes back aT»d behaves him
self. I love him dearly, more than he
does mo, and I will overlook this matter.
Maud MrCormick should be punished— put
in the reform srhool."
R. F. Mcrormick. the father of Maud.
Is not so willing to forgive Hartzell and
declares he shnll be punished to the ex
trnt of the law. The runaway husband
has been chnrged with abducting Maud
McCormick for immoral purposes and
must answer to it In Justice Wallace's
rnnrt '
Folly of Maud McCormick, a Sixteen-Year-Old Maid 1
of San Jose, Who Elopes With Warren Hartzell.
Miss McCormick knew Ilartzell was a
married man, she received his attentions
ai*A when he mad© the proposition to
elope she readily consented. Last Sunday
evening the couple left San Jose and came
to this city. On the way her©, the girl
claims, Hartzell took her purse, contain
ing $35. on the pretense that he wanted to
take care of it. After reaching here the
couple went to a lodging-house on Third
and Mission streets, where they regis
tered as man and wife.
The following day Hartzell said he had
an engagement with his brother and
promised to return in a short time. After
waiting for several hours.- and. as he did
QOt put in an appearance, - his innocent
victim became suspicious and started a
Shepherd went shopping, leaving her
purse, containing $35, on the bureau.
When she returned the purse was gone,
as well as the girl. Investigation re
vealed that, after committing the crime,
Miss McCormick met Hartzell, who In
duced her to elope with him. ¦•- • f-
YOTTNG WIFE IS READY
TO FORGIVE HUSBAND
Father of Maud McConnick Pro
poses, However, to See That Hart
zell Is Properly Punished.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 8.— Although deserted
by her husband of a few weeks, Mrs. Bes-
Shooting Occurred During a,. Rough,
and Tumble Fight in a Res
taurant at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 8.— Thomas J. Winship
was acquitted of the murder of, Frank j
Xarvaez by a jury In Judge Lorlgan's :
court to-day. The case was given to the
Jury at noon and at 2:30 they returned
with a verdict of not guilty. !
The killing of Narvaez occurred In the
Universal restaurant on the night of June
4, and had every appearance of a cold
blooded murder. Both men had been
drinking. Winship entered the place to
get something to eat and took a seat at a
table near Narvaez and a companion.
Narvaez and Winship engaged in some
words, which led to a scuffle, in which
¦Winship shot .Xarvaez through the neck.
"Wlnahlp then paid his bill, walked out of
the place and was not arrested until the
next day. Then he confessed the crime,
but said he had acted in self-defense.
"Winship was twice tried for the murder. j
The first trial resulted in a disagreement,
the jury standing 7 to 5 for acquittal. His
defense was a double dhe. Besides act
ing In self-defense, he claimed the shoot-
Ing was accidental. "U'lnship testified that
when he went to leave the restaurant
Narvaez blocked his way with a table
knife in his hand. He grappled with him,
and in doing so his pistol was about to
fall from his pocket. He then grabbed
his gun and in the scuffle it was dis
charged.
Xarvaez was a cousin of Jack Ortega,
now awaiting sentence for g assaulting
Grace Gamble. Both Ortega and Winship
were confined in the same tank, and a few
days/ ago Ortega threatened to kill Win
ship. Through the diligence of Jailer
Drelschmeyer Ortega's . threat was pre
vented, and OrU'Ra confined in a cell.
The killing of Narvaez was not the first
serious trouble Winship was in. He is
well known to the San Francisco police.
On* May 3, 1S72. in San Francisco. Winship
was arrested for shooting August D.
Rowland. He was charged with assault
to kill. The jury disagreed and the case
was finally dropped. He was again ar
rested on August 3. 1S74, for assault to
commit murder on Albert Peterson. Win
ship was finally allowed to plead guilty
to assault and battery and served one
year in the County Jail. On November
20 1SS5 he assaulted his wife. Elizabeth
Winship. with a deadly weapon. It was
afterward reduced to simple assault, and
he pleaded guilty and served three months
in the County Jail. This evidence was In
the District Attorney's hands, but as
Winship made no attempt to prove his
character it could not be introduced.
Slayer of Frank Narvaez
Is Given His Lib-
MARES PLEA OF SELF-DEFENSE
WINSHIPIS
ACQUITTED ON
SECOND TRIAL
MARRiED ONLY THREE WEEKS HE
ELOPES WITH ANOTHER GIRL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1900.
j PRINCIPALS OF A MARRIAGE, A THREE WEEKS* HONEYMOON AND AN
ELOPEMENT. BUILT*0N A WOMAN'S LOVE. A MAN'S LACK OF CON
SCIKXCE AND A GIRL'S FOLLY.
Close.
3
Weekly Call.Si.OO per Year
KIDNEY and BLADDER CURE!
"~>"atch for announcement la Saturday's CALJ*
FREE DISTRIBUTION-
HIcBURNEY'S
"mien Prof. Munyon eays what his COLD
CURE will do he only eays what all the world
knows. Nearly everybody seems to be taking
this remedy whenever a cold appears. It re-
lieves the head, nose, throat and lungs eo
quickly that a c«ld need no longer be a fore-
runner of grippe, diphtheria or pneumonia.
¦Every one of his remedies is aa 6ure. W AJ1
druggists, mostly 25c vial. Guide to Health
free. Write to Broadway and 2€tb et., New
York, for medical advice fre«.
MUNYON'S COLD CUBS
25-27 Market St., San Francisco, Cat
P. C
Our readers will b» glad to know that this
rid reliable house is now running full blast
und>r the management of the SMITHS'.
SEND FOR FULL. PRICE LISTS.
CASH STORE
Tkrs* Coots, 45x137H. """lth elevator service
for light manufacturing or tor wholesale stock-
rent nominal to the right pcrty; location un-
equaled; storage for furniture or merchandise.
A complete etock of e<x><J" now on hand. See
the windows.
FOR RENT.
BUY OR NOT,
It will ray you to find out ufcat caeh will
to when used at the rlgfct place.
Double roll. e<-usi to > cwits apiece; border
1 CMit a runnins yard: ccrr.e an<J get a rapply
vhUe It lasts end iret prices on other bargains
all over the store whether you
6 Cents.
Good ety'es and standard quality— 100 roll lots.
82 Cents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Stylish overcoats
that are worth the price
~ _ Ths abovs words ccrtainlv
Jp^l >j055?3*tev * e> " you what vou are sure
Uj*fo^jECa*g|rn n'u+'* /^3s\ UUyillg all OVclLUai
ffiB$L3£&ffl£fe oMi£Z35a&&£ here. Of course you want
fcSra^^P&P IrifP^r a s tyl- s h overcoat at as low
\Lj^ Tj a price as is possible and
Wk^WM^ T\ i!F\ question about it : but there
I? wSmJ' 'm!!' \ are P articular advantages to
¥§i|^^^^/IWl i ! 'i (IH ' Hf nSflllili The overcoats are all union
ll i ! ¦'' f^lfl-j I ill rnade in our own workshop,
]&F~iffl^m J* •' t '! feill tiiil llfSiij lift anc * at an y t * me vou save by
i^^^ii/lv^ \ I'M rvlfiiiiL I Si P urchasin S ciirect f rom us »
Jf l§ m liilNs^ liii 1 lliSl ?fH the makers - Think, then, of
Pf P^TSl! 1 I !' I Hi 111 if I iyi the d° u b- e savin S w hen you
H Is ii liiS" IMP ' i ' ' ! pi \\ti: !l at & special sale where
H Wi IP- HI I II I if I illS W ]s attract - n S considerable at-
IS H © lH I iffl I ill 1 ll H m tention is the black all-wool
¦ H lH HI H I \m I I IX m kersey overcoat here pic-
1 m H Si Mil Si ! m IS 111 IS tured, which is now going
: Iff fif | It was Siooo not long ago
4 f& \\ or *^ s sa^ e anc * * s a c ' ear
aoQiiion io me usual low
We have endeavored to give values enough in order to suit everybody's
pocket. Here are some :
Black worsted cheviot over- Blue kerseys and oxford gray Blue and brown kerseys
coats, weil made and lined, cheviots, some velvet collars, gray cheviots, ta n coverts
good stylish length. some plain, very swell coats. English whipcords, oxford
Covert box coats in three Covert box coats in several grays, raglans, etc., all of
shades: Tan, brown and shades, good values. They them very swell, dressy over-
olive. Both of these coats are coats we can thoroughly coats that appeal to men who
are $12.00 values; sale price guarantee to give satisfaction; desire to dress well, all fash-
now tor either prices / ionable weaves; prices
$7.50 $8.50 and $10 $12.50 and $15
Boys' clothing
It is an assured fact that we have the finest chil- /§J^k
dren's clothing and furnishing department this side of , W^S-3
New York. The conveniences to be had while buying fe •**)
and the immense stock from which to select make a - /v?/
lasting customer out of eyery mother who buys v here. iiOii f^
To induce people to call and see this department we A&&Z%§*S£*^S&
are offering from week to week some particularly strong j^^^^^^^^^
On special sale for one week, beginning this morn- i^W^^^^^^^^K
ing, 850 boys' suits ranging from <j to 1; years, in all-
wool materials. The actual values of these suits in any
retail store-are $4.00, $4.50 and £;.oo, but our special
d?/"^ par jf^%
jjjp
Suits from 9 to 1 ij years in size are made with Ilis llili
plain double-breasted coat, and from to 10 years in {fsBf I||g
size with double-breasted coat, sailor collar and braid ; |p|i JflH
some of the pants have double seats and knees. As- Mm i»|1
sortment of patterns and colors is all that could be rIs \$£
desired in good- wearing everyday suits. We guarantee wj» M|
Baseball outfit consisting of ball, bat, belt and cap J§§
free with every suit or overcoat in this department. |g?
Out-of-town orders filled for any article in our store — customers get the same advantages as
though they bought in person. Write us — we have one department ihat does nothing but see that'
you get the goods you want and answers your communications.
718 Market Street.1SS8— Barham'n plurality 1.334
Scattering: ;••• Li
101 precincts not heard from gave In 1896: McKinley. 2.091; Bryan. 2.1M.
SECOND CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
HORACE DAVIS. THE IMPRESSION PREVAILS THAT THE CALIFOR
NIA MEMBERS OF THE UNITED STATES SENATE WILL RECOM
MEND HIS APPOINTMENT AS COLLECTOR OF THE PORT.
lSfS— De Vrips* majority <^
Fifty-one precincts not heard from gav* In 1SJ6: McKinley. 1.366; Bryan. 1.910.
THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
1S38— Metcalf'a plurality 6 -^l
FOUHTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
Kahn's Plurality 8.»»
1S3S— Kahn's plurality - M»t
FITTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
1S9S— Loud's plurality J.302
Majority ! ~ — • 1.370
'Complete.
SIXTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
189?— "Waters. Rep., plurality ,„
Thlrty-flv* precincts not heard from ga.v« In 1J9« MaKinley 3,806, Bryan X78O.' * "* mO * i
LOCAL ENTERTAINER WHO
WILL BECOME LIGHT OF
VAUDEVILLE STAGE.
Photo by Bushnell.
1SD8— Needham's plurality uj
Scattering ; "....'.I'."". '..'.UlUlll.il 35
Ninety-two precincts not heard from g«.ve In 1S3« McKinley l!915." Bryan"£'«si!*****"
SEVENTH CONGRESSIONAL DIST RICT.
"BILLY" HYNES DECIDES
ON VAUDEVILLE CAREER
Is to Begin Two Weeks' Engagement at
Orpheum, Commencing Next Sunday.
Sp*<-i«l Difp&tch to Th« Call.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. S.-The great Re
publican victory -was celebrated to-night
by fuch an outburst of enthusiasm as has
never been witnessed in this city before.
Fnr two hours pandemonium reigned on
Broadway. between First and Third
Ftr«?ets. "Teddy's Terrors" and the Ameri
cus Club of Pasadena, each a hundred
strong, formlr.? the center of the exuber
ant mob. Two hundred six shooters were
discharged every few seconds, bombs and
cannon roared, while red fire and rockets
incarnadined the scene.
James McLachlan. the CongressmRn
rlect from this district, was the hero of
the hour. The Americus Club drew him
In an improvised triimphal car to the
City Hall, where brir-f speeches were to
have been made, but the crowd was mak
ing so much noise that the spoech-making
part of the programme was dispensed
with. Other successful candidates and
friendF fallowed in the procession in three
big tallyho?. and the Charles Sumner
Marching Club of colored citizens and the
full dinner pail brigade brought up the
Tear.
VALLEJO. Nov. 8.— Probably the larg
est ratification meeting in the history of
Vallejo will be held Friday evening under
the auspices of the Mare Island workmen.
It will consist of a grand parade, in which
all Republicans are invited to participate.
Honors will be particularly shown Con
gressman Metcalf and Senator Luchsin
per. All available bands of music have
been engaged.- This movement is inaugu
rated by workmen who have not the high
est opinion of the professional politician,
but who are overjoyed by the certainty of
four years more of prosperity.
fication Meeting.
Employes at Mare Island Flan Rati-
The Americus Club and "Teddy's Ter
rors" lined up outside the Herald office
and indulged in a wild dance of victory,
the cracking of their revolvers drowning
the music of several bands.
WORKMEN WILL CELEBRATE.
A huge wagon with streamers and car
toons alluding derisively to the Times' op
position to McLachlan's candidacy and his
unprecedented plurality was a feature of
the parade.
Streets of Los Angeles Filled With Thousands of
Enthusiastic Men.
SOUTHRONS CELEBRATE
REPUBLICAN VICTORY
the party in this State. This unwonted
activity signifies that an important event
of some character is in view, and possibly
a demonstration In honor of the great
victory is under consideration. It is true
that no parade was held in San Francisco
prior 'to. the election, but that is no rea
son why one should not take place after
the battle and the. triumph.
The Republican County Committee of
course will not feel lik» taking a promi
nent part in the proposed demonstration.
It should be understood that the commit
tee is in half mourning over the loss of
the Martin Kelly pets on both tickets,
hence a spectacle of the committee on
parade at this time would be a mockery
of grief. The defeat of Dibble and the
election of Belsha'w cast a. gloom in other
and higher circles, therefore the proposi
tion for public display of rejoicing may
not be well received all along the line.
Stalwart anti-boss Republicans, how
ever, should unfurl the flag to the breeze.
The victory for prosperity, good govern
ment and clean politics was indeed great
and glorious. It Is eminently proper that
a victory won by the people should be
celebrated by the people, and there would
be no Impropriety in asking the State
Central Committee to Join the joyful pro
cession.
E. M. Buckley, Wharfinger and member
of the Republican State Central Commit
tee, ought to be removed. Removal from
the committee may not' be demanded, but
he ought to be ousted from his job ad
Wharfinger for pernicious activity in
working with Martin Kelly.- Phil Crim
mins, Sam Rainey and J. D. Phelan to
defeat J. H. Nelson, the Republican can
i _^ • ' •¦
— J.
dldate for State Senator in the Twenty
fifth Senatorial District. Buckley joined
the bosses to thwart the will of the. peo
ple and the State should not pay him for
that kind of service. If he had enter
tained conscientious scruples against vot
ing for Mr. Nelson ha had the undoubted
right to vote as his conscience dictated.
The secret ballot protects the citizen m
this right. Buckley, however, paraded
himself as an opponent of the Republican
nominee because the bosses wanted him
to support Jack O'Connell. the Phelan
candidate.
Clark Albert! of San. Diego is early '.i
the field as a candidate for assistant clerk
of the Assembly for the thirty-fourtii
session of the Legislature.
Another Wharfinger, M. A. Smith, wno
is on the State payroll for $1500 a year,
was working and shouting for the nom
inee of the bosses and knifing the Re
publican candidate. J. H. Nelson. The
job which Smith holds ought to be filled
by a decent citizen. He is not a member
of the State committee, but the zeal which
he displays in the service of the lowest
type of bosses qualifies him for life mem
bership in Martin Kelly's county com
mittee.
It Is reported that Mike Barry, who is
on the State payroll as a collector of
tolls, joined In the crusade against tha
Republican nominee. .,
The election of Peter Shields to the
office of Superior Judge in Sacramento
County creates a vacancy in the position
of secretary of the State Board of Agr.
eulture. Among those mentioned as can
didates for the place are George "W. Jack
son and Dr. W. P. Mathews.
fiir.f rr* r lnctp in W6 cave McKinley 133.037. Bryan 13."».072.'
Two hundred and seventy-nine missing precincts In 1W> grave McKinley 7.S7S, Bryan 9,571.
Perkins aod Bard May Name Horace? Davis— Dr. Row
eH for II eternal Revemuie Col lector. »>/,-*
SENATORS PERKINS and Bard
will confer at an early day with
a view of arriving at some' con
clusion in regard to filling tho
vacancy in the office of Collector
of Customs for the port of San Francisco.
A week prior to the election they met in
Orange County and agreed to defer final
action on a recommendation until the
Presidential contest was decided. It was
then understood that some widely known
and capable business man of this* city
ought to be recommended to the.Presi
dent for. appointment. Ability to agree
must have been regarded as certain be
cause both Senator announced that sep
arate recommendations would not ba
made.
The impression exists that the Senators
will agree to recommend Horace Davis.
He Is not in any sense a candidate for
the office, but many influential merchants
have suggested his appointment. His per
sonal inclination is to decline additional
work and new responsibilities, as* his tinvi
is occupied in .-mending to large affairs
already committed to his care.
The election of Frank L. Coombs to
Congress to represent the First District
will create a vacancy in the office of
United States District Attorney. The va\
cancy may not occur until March 4 next,
but gossip concerning Mr. Coombs' suc
cessor is rife. in Federal office-holding
circles. Many dpplications for the place
have been filed. The story goes that Sen
ator Bard's recommendation in this re
spect will settle the appointment and that
.Marshall B. Woodworth, Assistant United
States District Attorney, it so highly in
dorsed by Judges of the Federal Cour''
and members of the State Senate that the
place will be given to him.
Within a year the official term of John
C. Lynch, collector first revenue distr'ct
of California, will expire. The compen
sation of the office is $4500 per annum. It
appears to he settled that a Rood Repub
lican will be appointed to the office. Dr.
Chester Rowell of Fresno, member of the'
State Senate. Repent of the- State Uni
versity, and a Republican of high char
acter and excellent attainments, is men
tioned for the place. Collector Lynch is
so obnoxious that his reappointment is
out of the question. Much surprise was
expressed when he was appointed to tho
office. He was elected to the Lepislatuie
from San Bernardino County on a pledge
to support George C. Perkins for United
Ftates Senator, but when he grot to Sac
ramento he switched for M. H. de Young.
He was reeommendPd to the California
Congressional delegation by Mr. de i'ouns
and Major Frank MdL.augb.lln. He wa>
not indorsed as a candidate of special fit
ness for the place, but the argument was
advanced that harmony In the Republican
party would be restored if he were given
an office. He has managed somehow dui
ing the three years of his Incumbency to
arouse more wrangling and strife in the
party than was ever before created by a
Federal officeholder in California. He
capped the climax of interference <n af
fairs outside of his office by circulating
at Sacramento what purported to be a
copy of a telegram from United Stated
Senator Perkins requesting 1 members of
the Legislature to support D. M. Burns
for United States Senator. The explana
tions which subsequently satisfied Senator
Perkins have not been given to the pub
lic, but the Senator absolutely denies that
he sent such a message. The purpose
Lynch had in view in circulating the
bogus telegram was to defeat the election
of Senator Bard.
The following inquiry addressed to The
Call Is not untimely:
Mr. Editor: Why can't the Republicans pet
up a grand celebration next week in honor of
our wonderful victory and let all the flags fly
en Thanksgiving day? I had my flag up this
morning at daybreak. I have ajlne 12-foot flaur
on a 27-foot pote on a one-story* cottage and it
Ehows up all right. Yours, etc..
WILLIAM F. PALMER.
S121 Twenty-sixth street.
The Call fancies that a celebration is
contemplated by the Republican State
Central Committee. At one time yester
day there were at least three persons
other than officers and attaches of the
committee at the official headquarters of
COLLECTOR OF CUSTOMS FOR
PORT OF SAN FRANCISCO
Edwards Arrested.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 8.-Charles Edwards of
A Great Ice-Breaker.
The Ice-breaking vessel used to convej
the trans-Siberian railway trains acros".
Lake Baikal came from Newcastle, bein]
conveyed In pieces- and set up on thi
shores of the lake. The vessel has beet
already tried with the most satisfactory
results, easily forcing- lta way. loade<
with an entire train, through ice mon
than three feet thick, and that at thV
rat© of between six and seven miles ai
hour. • The distance across Lake Baika
is abotxt forty-two ¦ mtles. or twice th
width of the English Channel betwee;
Dover and Calais.— London Sphere.
Death of William D. Holmes, Who
Was Employed by Democratio
COLLAPSES WHILE SITTING
IN A CHAIR AT A HOTEL
National Committee.
NEW .YORK. Nov. 8.— William T>.
Holmes, Who has been. employed durtnf
the campaign by the Democratic National
Committee, collapsed while sitting In a
chair at the Hoffman House to-night. He
was removed to a hospital, where he died
later. His father is a member of N.
Holmes & Co., a wealthy Plttsburg bank
ing firm. ,
Ban Francisco has been arrested here 01
a charge of grrand larceny. Edwards i«
accused of stealing a horse and buggj
from th» Club Stables In San Francisco.
Democrats at the next session of the California Legislature will apparently be as rare as the proverbial hen's teeth.
The count is practically over. Returns are still lacking from a few of the outside districts, but the story has been told.
When the official count Is made public there may be some minor changes in the majorities, but the general result will be
the «;ame Republicans will dominate the upper and lower house at Sacramento, nnd there is a Republican Governor to
Ftamp the seal of approval on their official, acts. The battle was fiercely fought, particularly in interior cities. Issues
were presented by the proponents of both parties and the choice left to the people. The result Is concisely told in' th»
appended table:
SENATE. .,
•Complete return*.
ASSEMBLY. .
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 1.
Berry. R. Duffy, D.
•Del Norte 3« g» . .
Sibklyou i°4* ••'•"
Totals ... 16S6 1467 .
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 2.
Roberta, R. McConaghy, D.
Humboldt , 1S4J. . .. k U54
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 3.
McNeal, R. Nelbur. D.
Huxnboldt 527 S62
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 4.
¦Gans, R. McGuinness, D.
•Teharoa 1212 1163
Trinity 361 332
Totals 1573 1515
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 5.
* Auble, R. Hubbard, D.
Mctac 325- 335
Sharta 1618 1S29
Totals 1944 2167
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 6.
Irish, R. Fritter. D.
La&den 376 452
•Plumas 672 454
Sierra 334 246
. Totals '.. 1442 1152
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 7.
• Collins. R. Roper, D.
Butte 2074 1SS0
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 8.
Schlllls, R. Stabler. D.
•Sutter 7.6 "05
Yuba 1054 1076
Totals '. 1830 • _, 1781
x ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 9.
V . . Hanen. R. Ruddock, D.
Mendoclno '. 1094 1066
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 10.
Weyand, R. Sheridan, D.
•Colusa 897 834
•GlMin 607 6£5
•Lake 566 763
Totals 1960 2122 .
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 11.
Fredericks, R. Chllds. D.
•Yolo 1484 1627
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 12.
Rutherford, R. KItts, D.
•Nevada 2281 2002
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 18. '
Duryea, R. Sullivan, D.
Placer 1982 ¦ 1703
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 14.
••' Archibald. R. Irvingr, D.
El Dorado 1240-" 1187
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 15.
• f. Stewart, R. Adams, D.
Amador 980 933
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 16.
Cornwell, R. Connolly. D.
•Sonoma 2285 1779 '
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 17.
Latlmer, R. Cowan, D.'
•Sonoma 1808 1901
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 18.
Webber, R. Boyd. D.
•Napa, 1758 1615
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 19.
Anderson. R. Kilkenny, D.
•Solano 3260 2185
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 20.
Johnson, R. DeLew, D.
•Sacramento 1663 1391
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 21.
t Brusle, R. Roeber, D.
•Sacramento 1613 2078
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 22.
Greer, R. MeDerby, D.
•Sacramento. 1620- 1188
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 23.
Atherton.R. Hayden, D.
•Marin :. 1432 . 1175
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 24.
Ivory. R. Williams, D.
•Contra. Costa.....".......- 1632 • 2015
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 25.
Dunlap, R. Thrift, D.
•San Joaquln ....'.;. 1942 1494
*.-¦.-• ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 28.
'¦•• - ¦¦ \ . ¦ • Reyner, R. ¦ Klncald, D.
•Ban Joaquln'......;..... 1611 16S4
< * ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. H.
Ralston, R. Shepherd, D,
Calavfrw ;. .......:. 1671- ' 949
Nos. 23 to . 45 In San Francisco.
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT ' NO. 46.
M&ttos, R. May, D.
•Alameda 1755 1173
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 47.
• Knowland, R. Bartlett, D.
•Alameda- :....•... 3118 ( J 1018
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 48.
Kelly, R. White. D.
•Alameda ..............;. 1465 766 j
• ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 49.
, Me Wade, R. Golder, D.
•Alameda ...:... 1873 1374
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 60. .
-.' Bliss, .R. 'Mora, D.
•Alameda ...2043, ..... 850
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 51.
Foster, R. Reboll, D.
•Alameda 3542 1168
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 62.
Brown. R. , D.
•San Mateo 1688
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 53.
Radcllff, R. Leonard. D.
•Santa Cruz 2280 1621
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 54.
Torrence, R. Wright, D.
, *Santa Clara 2X0 2247
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 55.
Anderson. R. McLaurin, D
•Santa Clara 2100 1231
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO 56.
Walker. R. Fowler, D.
•Santa Clara 2109 1565
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 57.
Bcoon, R. Haley.* D.
Merced 599 \\\\
•Stanislaus U56 ••¦' 1254
Totals 1T53 2395
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO 5S.
Shafer. R. Ray, ,D.
Mariposa 26 22
Tuolumne 1150 U60
-Totals H76 H32
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 59.
•i Higby. R. Cumming, D.
•San Benlto 710 766
, ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 60.
• Musser, R. Miller. D.
•Alpln« 65 21
Inyo 385 402
Mono 162 210
.Totals 612 . "633
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 61.
Sartes. R. Feliz. D.
Monterey 1750 2071
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 62.
Chandler, R. Gower. D.
Fresno '. 1&>5 1397
Madera 396 ; 3:3
Totals , 2291 Tgaj
' ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 63
. Yost. R. Simpson, D.
Fresno 1590 HS6
Madera. 148 "os
Totals 1738
• ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 64
' Myers. R. Mills, D.
Tulare 638 40. '
Kings... 197 19 g
Totals 735 ~67a
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO 65
£'; Cairns, R. Levlnson. D.
Tulare 1178 1724
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 68
Dale, R. Laird, D.
K*rn 495 S4S
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 67.
, . ilv. John, R. Beckett. D.
•San Luis Obtspo 1725 1560
r ' ' ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 68
Merritt. R. Williams. D.
Santa Barbara 1696 • 1090
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 69.
Clarke, R. Shepherd, t>.
Ventura 1742 1332
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 70
Meliek. R. Wilson. D.
Los Angreles 3781 1891
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 7L
. • Broughton. R. Wellington, D.
Los Angeles... 2417 - 1654
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 72.
, Bava?e. R. Fortune. D.
Los. Anffeles ..- 1770 162S
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 73.
;~- ' .. ¦ Srttel, R. James. D.
Los Anselea 1715 1595
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 74.
Pendleton. R. Wolfskin. D.
Los Angreles . ......... 4133 ....
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 75.
• . . - Carter. R. Allender. D.
Los Angeles 782 1*06
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 76.
¦¦• '•-,-. v- Hassen. R. Bpurg^on, D.
•Orange V .. .2183 1S31
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 77.
Miller. R. 0111. D.
. •Riverside 2034 168S
,' ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 78.
, .. Benntnk. R. Swlny, D.
San Bernardino 2658 • "¦.'•: 2360
ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 79.
. Barnes, R. Woolman, D.
. Ban Dlero .......'........ 184! 1319
- ASSEMBLY DISTRICT NO. 80.
-.-'•• Stewart. R. • -. Clancy, D.
. Ban Dlegro 1701 U48
•Complete returna.
REPUBLICANS CONTROL BOTH BRANCHES
OF THE LEGISLATURE AT SACRAMENTO
Uncle Same Has Some IJeft.
Uncle Sam owns largo tracts of land
in the Southern States— 1,500,000 acres in
Florida, 3,500,000 In Arkansas. 500,000 in
Louisiana and a similar quantity in Mis
sissippi, wnlch, however, Is mostly
swamps. In Michigan 438.000 acres are
still available, and in Wisconsin 313.000
acres. But he is selling off his real es
tate quite rapidly, last year being one of
the largest on record, which seems rather
singular In view of. the prosperity that ex
tended throughout the country.— Chicago
Record
Knights of the Maccabets.
On the night of the 24th of October State
Commander S. W. Hall paid a visit to
Redding Tent, in the city of that name.
He was tendered a public reception, which
was attended by many visiting knights,
also by the membership of Redding Hive
No. 34 of the Ladies of the Maccabees.
The preceding evening the State com
mander was tendered a reception by Red
Bluff Tent, and on the 25th he was a vis
itor to Dunsmuir Tent, where he was
given a cordial reception.
San Francisco Tent is holding Interest
ing reviews, and from the amount of in
terest that Ihe knights are taking in it«
affairs at this time it looks as if they
were trying to make It the most influential
beneficial subordinate organization of the
city. Candldatrs secured through the ef
fort* of Deputy Supreme Commander
Blake are being initiated at each review.
The tent has appointed several commit
tees who will arrange a number of enter
tainments for the winter months with the
Idea of bringing together the members,
their families and their friends.
THE SAN .-KKAKCISCO CALL, FrIdAY, .: NOVEMBER 9, 1900.
CALIFORNIA has fallen Into line and shown her indorsement of the policy
of President McKinley by giving: him a handsome majority. Gains for
the Republican candidate are shown ir. almost every precinct. There are
r?9 ctlll to hear from, and the party confidently expects that these will
but servfe to swell the Republican majority. An interesting compara
tive table follows:
Returns From Precincts So Far Re=
ceaved Show Gain of Almost
Ten Thousand,
McKINLEY POLLS
VERY HEAVY VOTE
Administration WiM Be Supported
. by Solid DeJegataon From
, California..
f^4 ALIFORNIA will send a solid Republican delegation to tne next Con
' I ffres3. Early returns forecasted this result and the Democrats lost heart
1 i early In the day. The returns are practically all In and Republican ma-
Vw^ jorlties are still growing. From all parts of the State come reports of
Republican gains, showing that the public at large Is in hearty sympathy
with the administration. The following table speaks for itself:
MAJORITIES OF THE
REPUBLICANS GROW
FIBST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
4
AT la?t popular "Billy" Hyn^s
has listened to the advice of
his friends and will tread the
theatrical hoards *u» a profes
sional comedian. He will be
pln nrxt Bunday afternoon at the Or
phcum a two weeks' engagement In a
monolcpue and topical song specialty.
No amateur Is better known In thjg city
than "Laughing Billy Hyncs." as he is
ever to the front at all performances in
aid of charity. A few weeks ago the Cali
fornia Club gave a benefit at the Orphcum
and Hynes was down on the bill. Hie
managetnr nt of the he use was very favor
ably Impressed -with hi* talent and offered
him an engagement. He was modest about
his abilitleis and it took a great deal of
persuasion by his friends to set him to
accept the offer. He finally compromised
by making arrangements with the pro
prietors of the City of Paris dry goods
house, where Ke is employed as book
)t r, ? rp. e to allow him to stj'.l retain his po
fitlon with the bouse, while he appealed
at the Orpheum. so that at the close of
Us two weeks' v-ork if he should feel that
his success was not assured on the stage
he could 6tl11 return to his old poifion
that he has held with honor to himself for
»-ev»ral yeare.
John Morrisey stated last night that he
had no doubt cf Hynes' success on the
vaudeville stage. He stated that the Or
pheum has a national reputation and that
a. man who can make a hit at this house
coulJ fill dates at any in the world.
It is more than possible that Hynes*
friends will b« at the matinee to give the
aspiring amateur a warm reception and
make his initial performance as a profes
sional a tremendous hit.
Vote
VL
Vote In 1900.
COUNTIES.
__2
: v:
a3ii
Irs
53 _? "
n n
• S : <<
• a -• . -
3
a^
3
I
I ? .1
I ; 1 i I
A'.T
teC
I t«l
I 22. u~
I 22.434] 14.303!
6,713
9(1 70
18
An-.
i 1.977: 1.041
87:i
! 4! 160! S.229J
1 2.6Sot 1.4*2!
1.303
1.179
I s*.
! 1.R47 652H
1,065
i S.M7 M6S
l!."6
,),woi| -.jo- 1 !
t»
1
206
I
ilini... is!
1*
l.«>74:
3 790
8T>!
; 34!
si
! :.444| 1.154
I 7.2O-4] 3. MS
[ 1.261 BOO
1.34(5
3.r.o^
7x9
i 2.46.1'
! L763I
! 5.441 3,72n!
(S75 ?67|
i 1.2S7I 510!
1.619
477
43K 1391
1*
F54
17
I 18
I 1.360! S8S
947! 527
7r.n
260
rp
s
73? i
13,470 -K..317j
1.124 574
1
11.124
4S7
1 R74I
II 22!
! 2.6151 1.700
RU
;O ...
1 1.43
i 4.ZL'
K29!
I 2.130'
'; 1.117!
i! «*
I 19 1
m; so
Z.ZSIIJ 1.1861
I 1.8J2? 7R6|
24
1.024
1.CC7
722 2021
ass
Vn»
i :.i43'
«
I (.0391 1.S7S!
1,835
i Wl
I 4.4?4! 2.4fi2|
l,Si>5
! 1,712;
j 4.O44J 2,183
1,745
I IS
1.K
!! 4S|
! S.725 2.023
; "re
1.1171 6341
446
:::::::: 3
! i.es<:
1.144
I 1<1..W>| 5.41SI
4.341
[ 1,.V»| 7261
: 2.7*0;
! S3
!! Ji
1 a'.4S7i 2.940
I 6.454 3.723!
2.184
2 j<>4
I 64.M.1I 35.112; :
Sar
7.' 074 1 3.'472J
"3.'l?.9
-i
71
361
S,34fii 1,588
:!855! l!71SJ
..'iooi 1,11^1
3.523! 1.K35I
1.M4
Son
Par
Bier
P'fV
Sols
Bom
PTP'
Rot)
TV!-
T-.r
I 7*'!
I •*
!'.'.".'.'."! 4\
! 3«!
} M
! 2«;
3.?7?
L2fi
S.OS3
S.n-i
LS4S
; io6
L6N
1.21
1.47
«.«
l.oo
J5
SI
SO
i b!»1|
I 1.9601
! i.»3«;i
B27
1.724!!
S.2MI
S.S9S!
1.8IW!
7131
LIS5
' 545!
I 43!
1 4 .
I K
36
5S
17
j 32]
10
11.9721 7.1OSI
4.139! 2.2611
3.6771 1.730!
fifi3| 401!
2.R07| 1.642]
F..6C0J 3.1451
8.X17 4.3S1!
2. 502} 1.0971
1.4S1I S21!
2.456, 1.243|
7241 3771
4.73K
1.717
UTM
247
1.2R9
2.274
3,517
1.330
B47
1.133
345
s
p
2.673'!
4S<
4.116 1 1.774
2 2."0
2.54S 1 1.194!
1.324
1.4651
1,7531
9!»l!l
25
I 21 1
3.266| 1.717!
3.337 1,520!
2.153 1.176!
1.342
1,712
970
i..4>
- 1
l.JIOi
'2.433:3
4
146.7"
141.76611
kails
2S7.7Ss!l.-,6.144ill
7.R33
JK96.
Hep. Dem. Senate Blstrlc^No.^ 1-
257 30? 'Del Norte 266 351
8094 2337 Humboldt 37J2 1535
3451 2645 Totals 4058 1S86
j'
Senate District No. 3—
Tyrrell. R. Moody, D.
17S3 2359 'Nevada 2:«99 1646
660 490 'Plumas 646 - 4..
fiO6 504 Sierra 376 245
3059 3353 Totals 3621 2363
1232
1S29
Senate District No. 5—
Gardner. R. Tabor. D.
1547 El Dorado 1084 1302
1675 Placer Woo 1T6J
3061 j
3222 Totals 3039 3065
. r - -" " ¦
U — —
55S
1S30
Senate District No. 7—
Corlett, R. Kenyon. D.
SS4 'Lake •••• 637 746
1548 'Napa 1W3 13.o
23S8 j
liF Totals 2530 M
Senate District No. 9—
Luchsinger, R. Shirley, D.
2446 2433- 'Solano 3211 231<
• Senate District No. 11—
Belshaw. R. Wllkins. D.
1658 1467 'Contra Costa... 2090 1621
1432 836 'Marln 12<>7 1360
.Totals 3347 2981
Senate Dt-trlctN* gg gjj* -
3843 4118 'Sacramento ... 5308 45b9
I. R.
871 ¦!_;
ofi t i . _^ —
2136
Senate District No. 15—
Muenther, R. Smith, D.
2773 'San Joaquln... 3878 , 2S47
Senate District No. 27—
Lukens, R. Griffiths, D.
5C93 2205 'Alameda ...... 5537 . 2009
Senate District Xo. 29—
Byrnes, 'R. Thornton, D.
1304 1046 *San Mateo 1633 917 •
1S20 2C3S 'Santa Cruz 2193 • 1619
312* j 3C84 Totals 3831 2536
Senate District No., 31—
O'Neal. R. Carson. D.
2551 2041 'Santa Clara.... 22<2 , l s>0
Senate District No. 33— .
, Flint, R. Alexander. D.
2027 1SS9 Monterey 1372 19? J |
S84 795 'San Bent to 9.3 oot
2911 2S24 Totals ........ 2945 2538
Senate District N6. 85—
Greenwell, R. Bherldan, D.
2034 1768 Santa Barbara.. 1870 149V #
1406 1561 Ventura 1905 ..ills
3460 3329 Totals 3775 , 2613
rr
Senate District No. 37— .
Smith. R. Stephens, D.
6520 6474 Los Angeles 6893 , 3S33
Senate District No. 33 *
Caldwell. R. Meaerve, D.
18*2 1710 'Orange 2217 1767 •
1949 1555 'Riverside 2264 1282
2754 2500 San Bernardino 2S11 z.68 -
6585 6766 Totals 7292 6317
I Vote In 1S33.
Vote in 1
1300.
COTT N T i n 3 .
If :[J !
rt
:
I ]
|2 I*
it
: "
»•< ,J*i/ \^
— — ... . ¦
Eel Korte
1 1 u mboldt
La«3rn
Marln
Mtndocino
Modcc
Napa
J'lumas
Shasta
Sierra
Sltklyou
SV.r.oma
Tehama ¦
Trinity
8 334
eo s.ois :
22 543
:: 1.225
53 1.947 !
13 333
28 ', 1.87i> :
18 659
46 1.6ST :
22 700
« 1.6S2 :
53 3.725
32 X.1XS :
21 6S2
2 A
2.347
423
%o
2.185
5"i7
i.s;2 :
4S4 i
1,840
CO
1.5S3
4.09S
1.04S
9 2--.
51 3.-.0O
IS 493
22 1.55-*
21 1.0T3
7 2^
26 2.118
13 6S1
43 1.501
7 304
S3 1.32.9
5S 4.179
32 1.194
10 367
| M
1.911
337
S61
1.<V3
365
1.249
449
1 1.2SS
CI
1.37S
3.31S
1.151
93
Totals
I 434 j 19.59S 1 1
1S.244 I
I 13.O
t
COUNTIES.
COUNTIES.
If
o
eg
Vota 1
S
Vote
In 1S9S.
«<!
i v,
I
i
sta In 13
i &
f|
ta
n :
1900.
y.
33
. 3
Alameda -•• •
Colusa
Contra Costa «
Glenn
Lake
Solano
Yolo •
141
21
33
15
17
3S
25
13.557
601
l,S->3
555
623
2.S68
1.52S
8.813 '!
1.053
1,253
733 '
1.941
3 "
i in
33
15
17
! 38
1 _5_
13.711
«<X5
I.05S
573
8.123
1.442
«.«27
1.02S
1.433
753
zta
1.714
i
1 MMMaBMBJ
-
Totals
2SS [
[ 20.392 |
[ U.Ool |
If 2*1
I 21.953
14.453
Vote In 189S
Vot» in
COUNTY
III
; o
If
2?
ii h
I* l ?
: I
j V?
I
:
3 "
:
C. j
: a
• f5
•3" •
3^; =
r :
: n
L
ss
i
I: 1 T 1
Fan
n Franc
?isco...
I 163 |
.«95
I 12.0S4 I
I SMI
| 1.006 II
II 1S -^ 6 1
I U.H7 |
».«
134
?6
"i ' i
— —
Totals
168 I
13.
,-»o
j 12M* I
IBM
' i.ops II
COUNTIES.
we -
3 3
Vote
Vot«
e in 1!
|
n
1891
I?
Vot» la 1900.
II F B
r I I
I —
Ban Francisco— Part.
Sai<KMateo
Santa Clara
Totals
r
! 133
19
72
2:5
12.510 11.443
1.330 1.211
6.414 4.639
20.234 17.332
S.-.6 I
44
«32
1.S32 j
• 15.237
• 1.3«5
«.171
[ ... 22.833
10.8o9
l.4<v>
5.4S1
17.4.-?
COUNTIES.
I!
pa
Vote In
fj :
1 _
1 1S38.
1 —
f
I
¦
I
-I
i
! .
Vot» tn 1303.
-5 S a
It Fl ?l
Los Angeles 174 •
Monterey 46
San Luis Obispo 88
Santa Barbara 53
Santa Crux • 43
Ventura 23
Totals 160
IS. 132 11.515 717 145 14 ut a «m
1.833 1.960 90 44 i S28 I" £3
1.44S 2.018 tl 38 1 "s3 3 J*J2l
2.022 1.670 113 2S 1731 ££?
2.083 1.898 144 43 xiU is*a
1.531 1,440 67 29 *.«5 t»4
24.050 ( 20.433 U32 23,362 | irTm
COXWTIE3.
' Vot.
it
j
:
t
Vot» In l;
:• In
Z
Rep
I
a
Dem
m3
2 n
5!
Xt89.»
9
I
. * ;, "^ ' Dtm • 1 K«X>.«LD«n.
Fresno « J..S7 3.219 «7 S.820 3,271
Kern K 1.630 1.747 17 5-n 701
Kings ~ 15 g83 *S57 2 201 "9
Madera 23 563 725 13 «il \4
Merced 23 699 l.i M M 751 J^
Orange • • JO 1.013 1.624 SO 1034 t817
niversidw 47 2.219 1.423 47 2.378 t*>T«
San Benlto 19 . 731 909 19 «92 707
San Bernardino 6 4 2.802 2,370 63 2.94S 2.rV52
San Diego 90 S.613 2.973 W J.J23 2.323
Stanislaus 23 1.201 1.221 22 1 1M 1253
Tular« • i 48 1.600 2,443 iS 1.817 1.M2
Totala M ... 813 | 20.733 20.680 | 43) V>.6S0 11,333
COUNTIES*
i!
Vote tn 1S38. |
pa - j
?- 3 ?!
j I"
• i i
|I
2.3.
I"
V
if
3|
"ote In 1W
'£•
u
:
I
t«»
V).
Unexpl:
•«¦
>.d Terra.
3 5.
Alpine
Amador
Cutte
Calaveras
Kl Dorado
Inyo
Mariposa
Mi.no
Nevada
Placer
Sacramento
San Joaquin
Putter
Tuolumne .
Yuba
Totals
5
23
. n
: 3
18
20
7
46
4?
71
. 62
. 17
30
21
. 4S5
63 26 !
1.1?" 1,3.-0 I
2.015 2.212
1.323 1.567
1.147 1.M7
3S4 57?
43« SO".
XI* 262
1.683 2.62;
1.896 2.0S4
4.846 4.C71
2.238 4,347
770 S07
1.0*4 1.643
998 1. S31
20,400 23.196
! 5
I 15 .
4?
30
34
i 15
2
4
46
43
71
52
17
25
21
434
67
. 974
1.803
1.431
1.M2
360
IS
154
2.274
1.921
4.964
S.633
775
1.079
1.G40
21.^63
13
SM
2.241
1.154
1.361
mta
31
1S5
tS33
1.626
4.443
3.173
«52
1.263
1.C53
20.337
67
943
1.SS4
1.4.1G
l.O«4
324
23
184
1202
1.911
4.9S3
3,601
775
1.078
1.061
21.494
13
9C«
2.W7
1.143
1.335
4o2
31
185
1.83?
1.631
4.SC5
3.140
R.--2
1.253
1.057
20.32
I Vote In 1S33.
Vote in 1
1300.
COTT N T i n 3 .
If :[J !
rt
:
I ]
|2 I*
it
: "
»•< ,J*i/ \^
— — ... . ¦
Eel Korte
1 1 u mboldt
La«3rn
Marln
Mtndocino
Modcc
Napa
J'lumas
Shasta
Sierra
Sltklyou
SV.r.oma
Tehama ¦
Trinity
8 334
eo s.ois :
22 543
:: 1.225
53 1.947 !
13 333
28 ', 1.87i> :
18 659
46 1.6ST :
22 700
« 1.6S2 :
53 3.725
32 X.1XS :
21 6S2
2 A
2.347
423
%o
2.185
5"i7
i.s;2 :
4S4 i
1,840
CO
1.5S3
4.09S
1.04S
9 2--.
51 3.-.0O
IS 493
22 1.55-*
21 1.0T3
7 2^
26 2.118
13 6S1
43 1.501
7 304
S3 1.32.9
5S 4.179
32 1.194
10 367
| M
1.911
337
S61
1.<V3
365
1.249
449
1 1.2SS
CI
1.37S
3.31S
1.151
93
Totals
I 434 j 19.59S 1 1
1S.244 I
I 13.O
t
COUNTIES.
COUNTIES.
If
o
eg
Vota 1
S
Vote
In 1S9S.
«<!
i v,
I
i
sta In 13
i &
f|
ta
n :
1900.
y.
33
. 3
Alameda -•• •
Colusa
Contra Costa «
Glenn
Lake
Solano
Yolo •
141
21
33
15
17
3S
25
13.557
601
l,S->3
555
623
2.S68
1.52S
8.813 '!
1.053
1,253
733 '
1.941
3 "
i in
33
15
17
! 38
1 _5_
13.711
«<X5
I.05S
573
8.123
1.442
«.«27
1.02S
1.433
753
zta
1.714
i
1 MMMaBMBJ
-
Totals
2SS [
[ 20.392 |
[ U.Ool |
If 2*1
I 21.953
14.453
Vote In 189S
Vot» in
COUNTY
III
; o
If
2?
ii h
I* l ?
: I
j V?
I
:
3 "
:
C. j
: a
• f5
•3" •
3^; =
r :
: n
L
ss
i
I: 1 T 1
Fan
n Franc
?isco...
I 163 |
.«95
I 12.0S4 I
I SMI
| 1.006 II
II 1S -^ 6 1
I U.H7 |
».«
134
?6
"i ' i
— —
Totals
168 I
13.
,-»o
j 12M* I
IBM
' i.ops II
COUNTIES.
we -
3 3
Vote
Vot«
e in 1!
|
n
1891
I?
Vot» la 1900.
II F B
r I I
I —
Ban Francisco— Part.
Sai<KMateo
Santa Clara
Totals
r
! 133
19
72
2:5
12.510 11.443
1.330 1.211
6.414 4.639
20.234 17.332
S.-.6 I
44
«32
1.S32 j
• 15.237
• 1.3«5
«.171
[ ... 22.833
10.8o9
l.4<v>
5.4S1
17.4.-?
COUNTIES.
I!
pa
Vote In
fj :
1 _
1 1S38.
1 —
f
I
¦
I
-I
i
! .
Vot» tn 1303.
-5 S a
It Fl ?l
Los Angeles 174 •
Monterey 46
San Luis Obispo 88
Santa Barbara 53
Santa Crux • 43
Ventura 23
Totals 160
IS. 132 11.515 717 145 14 ut a «m
1.833 1.960 90 44 i S28 I" £3
1.44S 2.018 tl 38 1 "s3 3 J*J2l
2.022 1.670 113 2S 1731 ££?
2.083 1.898 144 43 xiU is*a
1.531 1,440 67 29 *.«5 t»4
24.050 ( 20.433 U32 23,362 | irTm
COXWTIE3.
' Vot.
it
j
:
t
Vot» In l;
:• In
Z
Rep
I
a
Dem
m3
2 n
5!
Xt89.»
9
I
. * ;, "^ ' Dtm • 1 K«X>.«LD«n.
Fresno « J..S7 3.219 «7 S.820 3,271
Kern K 1.630 1.747 17 5-n 701
Kings ~ 15 g83 *S57 2 201 "9
Madera 23 563 725 13 «il \4
Merced 23 699 l.i M M 751 J^
Orange • • JO 1.013 1.624 SO 1034 t817
niversidw 47 2.219 1.423 47 2.378 t*>T«
San Benlto 19 . 731 909 19 «92 707
San Bernardino 6 4 2.802 2,370 63 2.94S 2.rV52
San Diego 90 S.613 2.973 W J.J23 2.323
Stanislaus 23 1.201 1.221 22 1 1M 1253
Tular« • i 48 1.600 2,443 iS 1.817 1.M2
Totala M ... 813 | 20.733 20.680 | 43) V>.6S0 11,333
COUNTIES*
i!
Vote tn 1S38. |
pa - j
?- 3 ?!
j I"
• i i
|I
2.3.
I"
V
if
3|
"ote In 1W
'£•
u
:
I
t«»
V).
Unexpl:
•«¦
>.d Terra.
3 5.
Alpine
Amador
Cutte
Calaveras
Kl Dorado
Inyo
Mariposa
Mi.no
Nevada
Placer
Sacramento
San Joaquin
Putter
Tuolumne .
Yuba
Totals
5
23
. n
: 3
18
20
7
46
4?
71
. 62
. 17
30
21
. 4S5
63 26 !
1.1?" 1,3.-0 I
2.015 2.212
1.323 1.567
1.147 1.M7
3S4 57?
43« SO".
XI* 262
1.683 2.62;
1.896 2.0S4
4.846 4.C71
2.238 4,347
770 S07
1.0*4 1.643
998 1. S31
20,400 23.196
! 5
I 15 .
4?
30
34
i 15
2
4
46
43
71
52
17
25
21
434
67
. 974
1.803
1.431
1.M2
360
IS
154
2.274
1.921
4.964
S.633
775
1.079
1.G40
21.^63
13
SM
2.241
1.154
1.361
mta
31
1S5
tS33
1.626
4.443
3.173
«52
1.263
1.C53
20.337
67
943
1.SS4
1.4.1G
l.O«4
324
23
184
1202
1.911
4.9S3
3,601
775
1.078
1.061
21.494
13
9C«
2.W7
1.143
1.335
4o2
31
185
1.83?
1.631
4.SC5
3.140
R.--2
1.253
1.057
20.32
Vote
VL
Vote In 1900.
COUNTIES.
__2
: v:
a3ii
Irs
53 _? "
n n
• S : <<
• a -• . -
3
a^
3
I
I ? .1
I ; 1 i I
A'.T
teC
I t«l
I 22. u~
I 22.434] 14.303!
6,713
9(1 70
18
An-.
i 1.977: 1.041
87:i
! 4! 160! S.229J
1 2.6Sot 1.4*2!
1.303
1.179
I s*.
! 1.R47 652H
1,065
i S.M7 M6S
l!."6
,),woi| -.jo- 1 !
t»
1
206
I
ilini... is!
1*
l.«>74:
3 790
8T>!
; 34!
si
! :.444| 1.154
I 7.2O-4] 3. MS
[ 1.261 BOO
1.34(5
3.r.o^
7x9
i 2.46.1'
! L763I
! 5.441 3,72n!
(S75 ?67|
i 1.2S7I 510!
1.619
477
43K 1391
1*
F54
17
I 18
I 1.360! S8S
947! 527
7r.n
260
rp
s
73? i
13,470 -K..317j
1.124 574
1
11.124
4S7
1 R74I
II 22!
! 2.6151 1.700
RU
;O ...
1 1.43
i 4.ZL'
K29!
I 2.130'
'; 1.117!
i! «*
I 19 1
m; so
Z.ZSIIJ 1.1861
I 1.8J2? 7R6|
24
1.024
1.CC7
722 2021
ass
Vn»
i :.i43'
«
I (.0391 1.S7S!
1,835
i Wl
I 4.4?4! 2.4fi2|
l,Si>5
! 1,712;
j 4.O44J 2,183
1,745
I IS
1.K
!! 4S|
! S.725 2.023
; "re
1.1171 6341
446
:::::::: 3
! i.es<:
1.144
I 1<1..W>| 5.41SI
4.341
[ 1,.V»| 7261
: 2.7*0;
! S3
!! Ji
1 a'.4S7i 2.940
I 6.454 3.723!
2.184
2 j<>4
I 64.M.1I 35.112; :
Sar
7.' 074 1 3.'472J
"3.'l?.9
-i
71
361
S,34fii 1,588
:!855! l!71SJ
..'iooi 1,11^1
3.523! 1.K35I
1.M4
Son
Par
Bier
P'fV
Sols
Bom
PTP'
Rot)
TV!-
T-.r
I 7*'!
I •*
!'.'.".'.'."! 4\
! 3«!
} M
! 2«;
3.?7?
L2fi
S.OS3
S.n-i
LS4S
; io6
L6N
1.21
1.47
«.«
l.oo
J5
SI
SO
i b!»1|
I 1.9601
! i.»3«;i
B27
1.724!!
S.2MI
S.S9S!
1.8IW!
7131
LIS5
' 545!
I 43!
1 4 .
I K
36
5S
17
j 32]
10
11.9721 7.1OSI
4.139! 2.2611
3.6771 1.730!
fifi3| 401!
2.R07| 1.642]
F..6C0J 3.1451
8.X17 4.3S1!
2. 502} 1.0971
1.4S1I S21!
2.456, 1.243|
7241 3771
4.73K
1.717
UTM
247
1.2R9
2.274
3,517
1.330
B47
1.133
345
s
p
2.673'!
4S<
4.116 1 1.774
2 2."0
2.54S 1 1.194!
1.324
1.4651
1,7531
9!»l!l
25
I 21 1
3.266| 1.717!
3.337 1,520!
2.153 1.176!
1.342
1,712
970
i..4>
- 1
l.JIOi
'2.433:3
4
146.7"
141.76611
kails
2S7.7Ss!l.-,6.144ill
7.R33
JK96.
Hep. Dem. Senate Blstrlc^No.^ 1-
257 30? 'Del Norte 266 351
8094 2337 Humboldt 37J2 1535
3451 2645 Totals 4058 1S86
j'
Senate District No. 3—
Tyrrell. R. Moody, D.
17S3 2359 'Nevada 2:«99 1646
660 490 'Plumas 646 - 4..
fiO6 504 Sierra 376 245
3059 3353 Totals 3621 2363
1232
1S29
Senate District No. 5—
Gardner. R. Tabor. D.
1547 El Dorado 1084 1302
1675 Placer Woo 1T6J
3061 j
3222 Totals 3039 3065
. r - -" " ¦
U — —
55S
1S30
Senate District No. 7—
Corlett, R. Kenyon. D.
SS4 'Lake •••• 637 746
1548 'Napa 1W3 13.o
23S8 j
liF Totals 2530 M
Senate District No. 9—
Luchsinger, R. Shirley, D.
2446 2433- 'Solano 3211 231<
• Senate District No. 11—
Belshaw. R. Wllkins. D.
1658 1467 'Contra Costa... 2090 1621
1432 836 'Marln 12<>7 1360
.Totals 3347 2981
Senate Dt-trlctN* gg gjj* -
3843 4118 'Sacramento ... 5308 45b9
I. R.
871 ¦!_;
ofi t i . _^ —
2136
Senate District No. 15—
Muenther, R. Smith, D.
2773 'San Joaquln... 3878 , 2S47
Senate District No. 27—
Lukens, R. Griffiths, D.
5C93 2205 'Alameda ...... 5537 . 2009
Senate District Xo. 29—
Byrnes, 'R. Thornton, D.
1304 1046 *San Mateo 1633 917 •
1S20 2C3S 'Santa Cruz 2193 • 1619
312* j 3C84 Totals 3831 2536
Senate District No., 31—
O'Neal. R. Carson. D.
2551 2041 'Santa Clara.... 22<2 , l s>0
Senate District No. 33— .
, Flint, R. Alexander. D.
2027 1SS9 Monterey 1372 19? J |
S84 795 'San Bent to 9.3 oot
2911 2S24 Totals ........ 2945 2538
Senate District N6. 85—
Greenwell, R. Bherldan, D.
2034 1768 Santa Barbara.. 1870 149V #
1406 1561 Ventura 1905 ..ills
3460 3329 Totals 3775 , 2613
rr
Senate District No. 37— .
Smith. R. Stephens, D.
6520 6474 Los Angeles 6893 , 3S33
Senate District No. 33 *
Caldwell. R. Meaerve, D.
18*2 1710 'Orange 2217 1767 •
1949 1555 'Riverside 2264 1282
2754 2500 San Bernardino 2S11 z.68 -
6585 6766 Totals 7292 6317John D. Sullivan pleaded guilty In the
United States District Court yesterday of
swearing to false claims for a pension.
This morning: . was fixed ' as the date for
his ; sentence. ..• "'"¦-'¦. '¦'.'¦• •
Sullivan Pleads Guilty.
GIFTS TO DEWEY NOW
ADORN HIS RESIDENCE
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 8.— Admiral
Dewey has removed his collection of gifts,
which have occupied the most promi
nent place in the Hall of American History
in the, National Museum, to his home in
Rhode Island avenue. The collection has
assumed very large proportions, repre
senting thousands of dollars in money
value, and is. almost daily added to by
some admirer of the admiral. It was put
In the museum for the double ¦ purpose of
sharing its beauty with the public and as
a compliment to donors, many of whom
were children or represented the hospital
ity of our great cities, or were from the I
admiral's private friends. '
Clerk Beaizley of the United States
Circuit Court received yesterday the opin
ion of United States District Judge Beatty
of Idaho In the case of Albert U. "Wyman.
receiver, and others vs. Samuel R. John
son, tried by Judge Beatty in the United
States Circuit Court in this city. In the
matter of the $3000 promissory note judg
ment was given in favor of the plaintiff
and in the matter of the $10,000 note Judg
ment is given for the defendant.
BRIDES AND BRIDES
MAIDS! See nexf Sunday's
Call! It will contain photo
graphs of this season's brides
and bridesmaids. Cupid , has
been very busy in SaniFrancis
co society, and by special per
mission from him The Call EX
CLUSIVELY will present th«
fair targets of hii darts.
Wyman vs. Johnson Decided.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 7, 1900.
¦*V. P. Sullivan. Chief of Police— Dear Sir: I
take pleasure in expressing my appreciation
of the efficient manner in which the very large
crowds congregated at the junction of Third and
Market streets last evening during;' the time
the election returns were given out by the
newspaper offices were handled. The men who
were In charge of this duty deserve high com
mendation. : Our cars were not blocked at any
time and were able to run through the crowds
without accident or disturbance of any kind.
I appreciate this action on your, part all the
more because of the multitudinous details that
require your attention at such a time as the
evening of election day. ¦ . .
Again thanking you for your kindness in the
matter I remain, yours very truly, .
E. ,T. VINING. General Manager.
Efficient manner of Handling the
Crowds on Election Night
Appreciated.
Chief Sullivan was gratified yesterday
to receive the following letter from E. P.
Vining, general manager of the Market
Street Railroad, which speaks for Itself:
POLICE COMPLIMENTED x : : 0
BY MANAGER VHJTNG
MBS. SAUNDERS AGREES
TO PAY LANDiLADIES
Motion to Dismiss the Case Against
Her Taktn Under Advisement
by Judge Conlan.
Mrs. Helen ' Saunders, the wealthy
widow of San Rafael, will escape punish
ment for defrauding landladies out of the
board bills for herself and daughter.
When 'the case against her at the in
stance of Mrs. Lizzie K^arns, 1409 Lcaveu
worth street, was called in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday morning Mrs. Kearns said
that Mrs. Saunders had agreed to pay her
bill of $40 and she wanted the case dis
mlsped. Under the circumstances Assist
ant District Attorney Weller made a mo
tion for dismissal as the Penal Code per
mitted such procedure when the amount
In question was paid.
"Of course." said the Judge, "such a
course Is permissible by the code, but 1
want to say that I would certainly have
found the defendant eruMty and woula
have given her the limit. I will continue
the case until Saturday and meantim'
will take the motion to dismiss under
I consideration."
Mrs. Saunders was served with war
rants at the instance of Miss Bessie Still.
9C4 Geary street, and C. E. Stone. Powell
and Sacrampnto streets. She was taken
to the City Prison and booked on the
charges and was at once released on ball.
She had a purse full of gold and it is
presumed settled with Miss Still and Mr.
Stone. Two landladies wanted to get
warrants for her arrest tor defrauding
them ten or eleven years ago. but it was
explained to them that the debts had been
outlawed. She was. known by a different
name at each place.
The Spring handicap. $3000 added, one mile
and a half, to be run Saturday. March 30
1901— The Monk. John Baker. Rosinante, Tlllo.
Bangor, Autumn, Gonfalon, Rolling Boer,
Thornton, Favonlus. Locochee. Vesuvlan An
driea, Diderot, Twlnkler. Babbler. Montanlc.
Star Chamber, Scales. Rosormonde, Impres
sarlo. Gauntlet. Advance Guard, Precursor
Arbaces, Mithrldates. Elfonse, First Tenor,
My Gypsy, Scotch Plaid, Mortgage. Articulate,
Vincltor. Sir Rolla, Greenock, Colonel Roose
velt and St. Slmonian.
The California Oaks; $2500 added: one mile
and a furlong: to be run Saturday, February 9
1901— Mary Alice. Maresa. Intrada. Helen Dare
Bllltls. Argot. Loneliness. Janice. Tenny Belle'
Miss Bunny. Triple Cross. The Peeress. Lucaj
Thracla. Bonnie Lissak, Bavassa. Laura Marie
Spalnwar, Llllle Andrew. Illusion. -Homage
Lucldla. La Vendetta. Bonltary. Nellie Forest
Bab. Compass. Sinfl. Edna Brown. Uly Simp
son, Artena and Annello.
The California Derby. $3C00 added, one mile
and a quarter, to be run Saturday. March 2,
1901— Telamon, Golden Age, Rolling Boer. Allan
Pollock. Thornton. Tevendale, Helen t>are,
Janice, Bedeck, Canmore, St. Rica, Diderot,
Beau Ormonde, Grafter, Special Reserve,
Brutal, Haralamb, The Peeress, Arlon, Bonnie
Lissak. Benson Caldwell. Silurian. Impressarlo.
Tyr. Llllle Andrew, Rollick. Homage, Elfonse,
Mithrldates. Articulate, Bard of Avon Gold
Badge. Straight Shot, Courtier, Yo No Se
Kenllworth. Bab, Joe Frey and Azlm.
The Kcllpse stakes-$15C0 added: one mile and
three-quarters:, to be run Saturday Fehrunrv
2. 1901-Tne Monk. The Bobby. ZUme A?
tumn. Gonfalon. Bangor, Tlllo, Favonlu* Lo
cochee, Twinkler, Gllberto, Star Chamber
Scales. Rosormonde, Gauntlet, Advance Guard'
Zoroaster, First Tenor. Scotch Plaid. My Gvd
sy; Mortgage. Vincltor. Malay. What-er-Loii.
Ureenock. Charlotte M, Colonel Roosevelt Don
Quixote and St. Slmonian.
The Winter handicap; $3000 added: one mile
1901 ThTM'V 0 ! 1 ? ru " ,? a turda7, January^IS?
1901— The Monk. John Baker, The Bobby. Gon
falon Tlllo. Autumn. Bangor. Vulcaln Roll-
Ing Boer. Favonius, Locochee Vesuvlan An
drisa. El Mido, Lavator, Lothian? Beau Or
monde Babbler. Montanlc, Star Chamber
Lamachua, Scales, Ro.ormonde, Gauntlet Sam
Fullen. Owenaboro. Morinel. Advance Guar?
Precursor, Zoroaster. Bathos, Mortgage Mv
Gypsy. Scotch Plaid. Eddie Jones. First Tenor
Elfonse Mithrldates. Jennie Reid, Sp£"fl£
Bard of Avon Vincltor. Malay. What-er-Lcru
The Lady. Florizar. Formero, Sir Rolla F»«>li
Punch F. W. Brode. Sea Lion.' Greenock. Grey
feld. C&Ionel Roosevelt, Don Quixote and St.
Slmonian.
sJvTn fl, U rl'r e n lle P^rion etajces. *l500 added,
r Ca- n ore Ma^ ZV^LT^'
Beau Ormonde, Grafter, The OdyVseJ Atrarnlm
"a 0 !?' 5S t Sr Th V P T e "* ArioT&nn'ra:
*f«™. y 8 ' Ga >' lon Brown, Bavassa. Tyr
Homage, Elfonse, Mithrldates, Articulate
and Bab. AV ° n ' Kcnllw ° rtl >. J«» J&y
The Christmas handicap, $2000 added, one
rnlle and a quarter, to be run Tuesday Decem
ber 25 . 1900-John Baker, The Bobby, The Fm
ter. Autumn. Gonfalon. Bangor. Favonlus
Locochee, Vesuvlan. Andrisa. El Mido Lava
tor. Lothian. Babbler. La Borgia Star' Clfam
prto^. r a^B U el^u e nc L h? d G y VeeK Za F r ' /°bT^
M&S? 0 " 1 R0O9eVelt -
The Chantilly stakes. $1500 added, one mile
and an eluhth, to be run Saturday, December
22, 1300— The Bobby, Gonfalon, Vulcaln, Woos
ter Boy. Modrine, Andrtea, Vesuvlan, Sir
Hampton, Montanlc, Yoang Morello, Lamachug,
Star Chamber, Herculean, Alice Dougherty,
Sam Fullen, Owensboro, Sunello. Common
wealth's Attorney, Advance Guard, Handi
capper. Mortgage, My Gypsy, Specific, Mc-
Xamara. The Lady.. Silver Bullion, Florixar,
F. W. Brode and Greenock.
The Gold Vase, $1500 added and a «old vase
valued at $1000, one mile, to be run December
I, 1900— John A. Morris, Tayon, Great Bend,
Roslnante, Goldone. The Fretter, Gonfalon,
Vulcaln, Wodster Boy. Favonlus, Modrine,
Andrlba. Veauvlan, Sir Hampton. Dlanora,
Broadblm, Montanlc, Louise Hooker, Ulloa,
Lamachus, Dlomed, Rojormonde, Tormina, Her
culean, Jerld, Alice Dougherty, Sam Fullen,
Ad\ancc Guard. Prejudice. Handlcapper, Eddie
Jot ts First Tenor, Pat Morrlssey, Mortgage.
My Gypsy, Specific, Sybaris, What-er-Lou, The
Lady, Silver Bullion, Formero. F. W. Brode,
Sea Lion, Gold Or, Don Quixote, St. Slmonian
and Flaunt.
The Autumn handicap, $3000 added, one mile
and an eighth, to be run Thursday, November
29, 1300 — John Baker, Great Bend, The Fret
ter. Gonfalon, Bangor, Vulvaln, Favonlut,
Jx»ccchee, Andrisa, Veauvian, El Mido, Lava
tor, Lothian, Star Chamber, Ollnthus, Rosor
monde. Torsina, Herculean, Gauntlet. Advance
Gr.ard, First Tenor. Eddie Jones, Scotch Plaid.
Mortgage, My Gypsy, Elfonse, Jennie Reid,
Specific, Malay, Imperious. The Lady, Macy,
Floriiar. Formero. Bell Punch. F. W. Brode,
Grt-enock and Sea Lion.
Following are the entries
The entries for the first ten stakes of
the San Francisco Jockey Club, to be de
cided at Tanforan Park, closed on No
vember 1 and were given out yesterday
for publication. Nearly all of the big
stables now racing here made nomina
tions and the splendid showing made must
be very gratifying to the new association.
Show Large List of Nominations.
Tanforan Park Association's Stakes
First race— Lew Zara, Mainstay. Racetto.
Second race— Jingle Jingle, Mike Rice, Cla
rando.
Third race — Selde, Andrattus. Lucera.
Fourth race— Sir Kingston. Barney F, Dun
blane.
Fifth race— Macy, Lena, Opponent.
Sixth race— Essence, Goldone, Boundlee.
SAN FBANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
Possible Winners.
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and urnvard; selling: ,
12S3 Montanus 10SI1297 Essence 100
12«3 Morlnga 105 j 1252 Matt Hogan 102
1TS6 Rio Chlco 105 1297 Boundle« 102
12S7 Lomond 10.1! Silver Garter 103
1233 Faversham li:|1252 Goldone 109
1303 Grand Sachem.. . 105 1
.... Limellfrht 105:1301 Alaska 105
12S6 El Mldo 105 1 1250 Opponent 1C1
12S6 Lena 105 1 1292 Ixiconomo 101
12S3 Charles Le Bel.. 97 656 Credo 101
120« Colonel Root 105 Macy 104
1233 Merry Boy 105;
Fifth race — One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; sellinc:
Mr. Bryan says he has no other plans at
present than to remain at home, ¦where he
returned from the fatiguing campaign.
He denied the report that he would re
move from Nebraska and make Texas his
home.
"The Republicans were able to secure
tickets or passes for all their voters who
were away from home, and this gave
them considerable advantage. We have
no way of knowing at this time how
much money was spent In the purchase
of votes and in colonization. But while
these would account for some of the Re
publican gains they could not account for
the widespread increase in the Republi
can vote. The prosperity argument was
probably the most potent one used by tn©
Kepublicans. They compared present
conditions with the panic ; times oi : 1893 to
1SSK5. and this argument had weight with
those who did not stop to consider the
reasons for the change. The appeal,
•Stand by the President while the war is
on ' had a great deal of influence among
those who did not realize that a war
aginst a doctrine of self-government in
the Philippines must react upon us In this
country. We made an honest ngnt upon
an honest platform, and having done our
duty as we saw tt, we have notning to re-
E1 *^\Ve were defeated, but are not discour
aged. The fight must go on. I am sure
that Republican policies will be repudi
ated by the people when the tendency of
these policies is fully understood. The
contest between plutocracy and Democ
racy cannot end until one or the other is
completely triumphant." . '
Concerning himself Mr. Bryan said: "I
have come out of the campaign with per
fect health and a clear conscience. I did
my utmost to bring success to the prin
ciples for which I stood. Mr. Stevenson
did all that he 'could. Senator Jones and
the members of the Democratic, Populist,
Silver Republican and Anti-Imperialist
committees did all they could. Mr. Hearst
and his associates in the club organiza
tion put forth their best efforts. Our
newspapers, our campaign speakers and
our local organizations all did their best.
I have no fault to find and no reproaches.
I shall continue to take an active interest
in politics as long as I live. I believe It
to be the duty of the citizen to do so. and
in addition to my Interest as a citizen I
feel that it will require a lifetime of work
to repay the political friends who have
done so much for me. I shall not be a
Senatorial candidate before the Legisla
ture which has been elected. Senator Al
len deserves the Senatorshlp which goes
to the Populists. Mr. Hitchcock and Mr.
¦\V. H. Thompson are avowed candidates
for the Senatorshlp. They both deserve
well of the party, and I am too grateful
to them for past support to stand In their
way even if I desired a seat 'in the Sen
ate."
LINCOLN, Nebr.. Nov. 8.— "W. J. Bryan
to-night gave out the following statement
concerning the election:
"The result was a surprise to me, and
the magnitude of the Republican victory
was a surprise to our opponents as well
as to those who voted our ticket. It is
impossible to analyze the returns until
they are more complete, 1 but, speaking
generally, we seem to have gained in the
large cities and to have lost in the smaller
cities and in the country.
?
Says the Prosperity Argu
ment Was Most Potent
Factor.
BRYAN EXPLAINS
WHY HE LOST
Treadwell is still alive, but will die. The
Injured man comes from an excellent fam
ily, but he has associated with evil com
pany and when drunk was very quarrel
some.
As Treadwell hit Booker the third time
both men straightened up and a shot rang
out. Treadwell staggered back and said:
"I am shot!" He then jumped at the ne
gro again and hit him a blow In the face
that knocked him backward over a chair.
Bystanders separated the men. and Tread
well walked up the street to another sa
loon and physicians were summoned.
The cause that led up to the shooting
occurred on election day, when Treadwell
and Booker had a fight over the election.
On this occasion Booker was badly beaten
and swore vengeance on > Treadwell.
This morning Treadwell and a man named"
"Wilkinson entered a Sixth-street saloon.
The negro was sitting at. a card table
asleep. Treadwell went up to him and,
putting his arm around Booker'B neck, hit
the negro with his other hand In the face
several times.
HANFORD, Nov. 8.— "William Treadwell.
a young man about 23 years of age, was
shot and fatally wounded at an early hour
this morning by "William Booker, a negro
bootblack, In a Sixth-street saloon.
William Treadwell of Han
ford Is at the Point
of Death.
FATALLY SHOT
BY A NEGRO
1.tO.">. SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; Solano Handicap; all ages; purse, $400,
Time— To U. =23; to M, :48: last H. 1:04; short »;, 1:14. GoodVta'rt "WoiT'ea'sTlv" Sernnfi «n^
third drivln.:. dinner, W. M. Cahill's b. c. by Dutch I^ller-Woodranee Class offset the
w.lghtc Boer was conceding. Canmore Is better than a fair one himself Too much w*4ht
"cratched* 8 Vufcain n « tO ° holdlns - Hc llk ' 8 8lo P^ *° 1 "*- Aluminum sl£w™d no speeS
Time— i*. :13U; *». :3S»i; »,. l:04U; %. 1:31%. Good start. Won first three driving Winner
G. Summers & Co.'s b. m. by Torso-Bertie W. Finish should not have been close Stuart
nearly lost the race by bad handltn*. The Bobby had speed. Pupil gave it up at' head of
C t h C a^ r a n i K lorAfamaL f 9 °9 r '"" badIy - Scratched-Wooster Boy 10S.
13O4. FIFTH RACE— Sf ven furlongs; gelling; three-year-olds and up: purse, $400.
« me T 1 w lfi - :^' : °' 16 ' :32H: 9 - 16 - :5St -i ; 13 " 16 - 1:25 = lm - 1:484; l-16m. 1:52. Good start Won
first three driving Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's br. g. by imp. Pirate of Penzance-Mlss
Thomae. Malay bore out in run home. With a stronger ride Morinel would have won
handily. Sachem showed improvement. Scratched— Bangor 110.
13O:i. F<^JTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; Emeryville Handicap; three-year-olds
"iv^Tn V ?u /<: 5^ :S2V *S 9 " 16 - :m ' : 13-16. 1:I5H: .mile. 1:47; 1 l-16m. 1:53H. Good -tart
VV on first three driving Winner. Wilson & Hooker's b. h., by Kingston-Startle Careless!
fr. 5 . 8^°f» l li e .5? ce f^ r IIorton - Eno » took the deepest going, gvt cut off at far turn and then
ir.FFra u oir through overconfidence. Gauntlet now a morning glory. Benroe a crlDDla and
no speed. Scratched-Dunblane 104. Imperious 107.
130::. THIRD RACE-Mlle and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and upward: purse. $400.
i'p^w \l *\< /4> • v. 4 '' *»Sj ! W4:sjniHe>l:«lt; Good start. Won first three driving. Wln
abfv nVt,=L * U K" y « br - *~ by lm P" "allum-Marla F. A tos.-up at the end. Winner prob
nn ™?,h/ '= Bufr °° n - Locochee will never do at a big- pow-wow. He.ls a aulker. OsSond
_^^^J d^^cratchcd-Twinkle Twtnk 109. Favtrsham 1U. Herculean 100.
l."OJ. SECOND KACg-Qngjnll;; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $330.
rer l' <\ 6 Jr»'*« '^ %1 3^ 19 '^ Good Btart - M ' on easily. Second and third driving. Wtn
nnJ then mniLm Sil ,fj imr> - July-Snowdicp. Winner plodded along slowly first part
no accoSnt handll >-- Wlmui is bred to go in the mud. Billy Lyons won't do. Others
1. '{OP. FIRST RACE-Slx furlongs; maiden tw^yea^oTu^^uTseT^lioor
November 8.-Weather fine. Track heavy.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
"Conductor" McManus is now a layer
of odds. He cut in yesterday under the
name of the Golden Gate Club, with
"Dewy" Andrews as blockman.
Green Morris is not very sweet on Lo
cochee. After considerable deliberation
he sent in a $5 commission on the sulker.
J. K. Hughes, the Texas horseman,
reached Ingleside track yesterday from
St. Louis with a carload of racing mate
rial. Ihe Light. Charlotte M and La
Mascotta are three members of the string.
Pedro Enos was set down for the bal
ance of the meeting because of his care
less ride on Horton. "Daggle" Smith had
a good-sized bet on his horse, but was
, convinced that only overconfidence on the
( part of Pedro lost the race.
The officials at Oakland have decided
that Atkin & Lottridge are entitled to
the services of Jockey Coburn. The boy
contended that he had never received any
money for his work, but the firm showed
a voucher where a sum had been paid
him and an acknowledgment of same,
signed by the rider"s brother. The latter
signature was also disputed, but it proved
to be genuine.
Sam Hlldreth sent in a big commission
on Rolling Boer and nearly every book in
the ring lost to the race.
With Mounce or any strong finisher on
the back of Morinel. the mare would have
disposed of Malay quite handily. Stuart,
who did pilot her, could do better when he
had been galloping horses only six weeks.
Al Konigsberg, who is hiying odds in
the ring, was $1000 loser up to the last
race. He spread enough about on Rolling
Boer to win $2000, and more than Dulled
out. Fred Cook laid him $1000 to $500.
• Bookmaker Joe Rose will be here in a
couple of weeks. He has been promised a
rehearing, it is said, by the California
Jockey. Cub. /
Roundhead, a starter in the first race,
is said to have shown some fast morning
workouts. Either he is a morning glory
or his pilots have been giving him some
sloppy rides. Dominick took a trick at
at the wheel yesterday and ius price went
from 5 to 2 to 5 to 1.
A voting contest to determine the most
popular jockey is in progress at Father
Coyle's church fair. Native Sons' Hall, on
Mason street. A handsome diamond ring
is offered as the prize, and to date Bull
man leads his brother riders.
Following are to-day's entries:
Flirt rac* — Five and a half furlongs: three
year-olds and upward; ftelllnic:
Mountain Dew. .10911272 St. Anthony 114 I
797 Racetto IH .... Lady Maud 1M
11S3 Mrs. C 104 1194 Tinn-a-Ling ....104
1175 Lew Zara 104| 744 Daniel 104
1149 Mainstay 12!l
F*coni race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling
12*3 Gusto 102 1279 Jingle Jingle. ...109
1.S6 Clarando 104 1299 Mike Rice 109
.... Fannie E 109 1139 Morella 104
Third race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds ; Bell
ing :
1291 Nellie Forest. ..105 (J291)An<!rattus .....V5
j 1254 InvlctUB 110 1221 Irate 101
! 11&6 KintcBtelle 103 1291 Seide 102
] 12SS Lucera 101
Fourth race — Seven furlongs; three- year-olds
and ut>ward; selling:
1293 The Singer 101 12S0 Meadowlark ....107
1038 Antolnetta 104 C% First. Shot 1C4
1 tCa Dunblane 107 .... Barney F 104
Sir KlmtFton ...104
Seventeen bookmakers weighed in at
j yesterday's drawing. With the election a
! thing of the past business picked up no
' ticeably, and no complaint was heard of
' lack of play.
I Gus Miller, the St. Louis pencller, after
; three days on the block, concluded to
I study the angles of the fame from the
! ground for a time.
Track Nvtes.
¦- EKOS caused many latn-
I ~j entatluns and much gnashing
I ' of teeth by an exhibition of
I_ Kro?s carelessness in the third
event at Oakland track yester
day Pedro, "who has been riding on the
St. Ixjuis and Chicago tracks the past
summer, evidently thought he had learned
a thing or two. He had the leg up on
llorton. an ev.-n money favorite, and dur
ing the first stages of the journey con
cluded to take a nap. The bell boy forgot
to rail -him and Pedro awoke in time to
see fampns. « 30 to 1 shot, with Jimmy
lyogue in the Pilot house, beat his mount
across the line a nose. It was a horrify
ing spectacle to the backers of "Daggle"'
Smiths little red horse, and after ques
tioning Er.os and examining the sheets,
the judges let the rider off with a lecture
ami a brief vacation on the ground.
While the tra«k was inclined to be
Etlckyand holding, with two exceptions the
tilrnt picked ihe right horses, and most
of the books retired with lightened bank
rolls. Some excdlrnt sport was wit
nessed, the finishes being close and excit-
The performance of Rolling Boer in the
final sprint of the day-the Solano handi
cap—earned fresh laurels for Billy Ca
hillB sturdy looking colt. He was asked
to carry 114 pound? and down an all aged
field the best of the assortment being Pat
MorriRFcy witn 115 and Hungarian with
US Canmore. a i'-yoar-old from Walter
Jennings' stabl« . was an unknown quan
tity with 101 on his back, but the books
took no liberties with him. Pat Morrifsey
opened an even money chance, but when
a heavy play cut the price against the
Poer from threes to S to 5. Pat's odds
drifted to the same figure. Pat Morrissey*
never cut a figure in the race, the weights
and going anchoring him. Canmore set a
ragtime clip and Bullman had to sit down
hard on lioer to get up and win by half
a length.
Owner Jimmy Coffey took the opening
scramble for maiden 2-year-olds, with
Galanthus. riiden by Johnny Woods.
Nine to flve was the best laid, and the
gelding won from Litmus and Cambaceres
without effort.
A ding-dong finish between Johnny
Ransrh on Kickumbob and Jack Martin
astride The Buffoon marked the close of
the second number, a mile run. Ransch
more than heKI his own, getting the decis
ion by a head. The winner was 4 to 1 in
the letting. Locochee, the favorite, ran
into show.
Little Dominick piloted Malay to vic
tory in the Emeryville handicap, at one
mile and a sixteenth. Dr. Rowell's horse
ruled favorite in the ring, and after
Grand Sachem had led to the stretch
Dominick picked up the running with
Malay. Then stalling off a well meant
rush of Stuart astride Morinel, he breast
ed the tape wini.er by a head.
Carrying but 107 pounds on her back. 7
to 5 looked a good price against Torsina
in the speculation on the seven-furlong
selling affair. Third to the bend for home.
Stuart there gave the mare her head,
when she gradually wore down the lead
of Good Hope and scored by a head. The
Bobby finished third.
BY F. B. MULHOLLAND.
Enos 3et Down for His Dilatory Tactics on the
Defeated Horse-r-RoIlliog Boer Wains.
Ki*e and a half furlcnps— Helen O'C won,
rteir.a se--.-.nd. Katherina third. Time. l:0S 3-5.
Mile and seter.ty van's, selling — K'.rkwood
v.-on, Oeytan second. Give and Take third.
?::n*. 1:1 \.
< IXC J NX ATI. Nov. S.— The weathei
was co!d and raw at Latonia to-day and
few besides the regulars braved the winter
Briada to see the import. The talent broke
even with the bookies on tne day and
three favorites wen rirst money. Track
fan. Summary:
One mile, selling— Exit won. Free Hand sec
ond. Little Hand third. Time. 1:43V
Five fur;or.p5— Her jgr.ation won. Trinity Bell
second. L*dr lirarr.ble Third. Time. 1:OS.
S;x iurior.ps — Pirate Bell won, Chappaqua
seoT.d, Sever third. Time, 1:15.
Mile and a quarter— Eithoiin won. Governor
I'- yd second, l^ouisville Btlle third. Time.
furl^r-Fc. handicap— Isobel won. Port
\. • . fffond. Terminus third. Time. 1:1C*4.
.-.\ and a half furlonjts. «>!lir.g— Karl Fcnso
won. Erulare second. Hermania third. Time.
1 :'_•:>,.
CHICAGO. Nov. S— Weather clear at
lakeside; track slow. Results:
Five and a half furlonpw— Wnodstick won,
A:t-<-n Enright second. Ida third. Time. 1:09 4-5
Five and a half furlon'gs— Pirates' Quetti
vrii, Rabunta secend. Glove third. Time
I'* 2-?.
P:x end a half furlones— Sakatuck won. L.«n
r.ep second. t?ir OiriFtopher third. Time. 1:K.
Mile and fifty yards— Ohr.et won. Moroni eec
o:-.d. Peaceful third. Time. 1:43 T-i
M:> ar.1 a sixteenth— Myth won. Prince
Elazos wicnd. Hub Prather third. Time
i*> :-:•.
•file ar.i a sixteenth — Depending; won. Vin
cennes second. Phidias third. Time. 1:50.
SEW YORK. Nov. S.— Mitchell. Jns
Jqckoy, held the center of the stage «ju
the Aqueduct racetrack to day. Ke
Fcorod five wins out of flve mounts and
bis followers reaped a rich reward. lie
had the mount on Prince Richard, th*
favorite, in the iim race and getting off
in front made all the running and wor»
easily from Uncle Josh. He cuplicated the
feat with lioe Hampton !n the secoca
race. He was at 5 to 1 and again lie
mace every post a winning one. Brandy
Smash, the hot favorite, ran second to
the last furlong pole, but Orienta beat him
for the place. Mitchell did not have a.
mount in the third race, which tiespe*',
the favorite, won easily from DoiVl<to,
'.hanks largely to all tlie best of a bu.J
start. He won the last three, however,
with McMeekin. Helen O'C and Kirkwool.
Imp was a starter and a 1 to 2 favorite
la the fourth race, one mjie and a hail",
but McMeekin beat her handily at the
end. after running neck and neck with
her for the entire journey. Compensation,
the only other starter, was beaten off.
The starts in the last two races were s>>
had that half the field in both never had
a chance when the flap fell. Mitchell was
off well with Helen O'C in the fifth and
led all the way, but in the last he waa
far back at the first turn, yet gradually
thr-aded his way to the front axid at Itae
<nd won cleverly by two lengths from
Ceylon, the favorite. The weather was
clear and bright, the track good and the
attendance fair. Summary:
Ki\e furlcnirf, selling— Prince Klchard wen,
t Dde Josh second, Oeceola third. Time, l:0i 1-5.
Five and k half furlongs— Roe Hampton won.
Orltr.ta second. Brandy third. Time,
1.1%.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Hesper won.
Orlando recond, Belgrade third. Time, 1:50.
Mile and a haif— McMeekin won. Imp second,
Curnjjensallon third. Tim*. 2:37 3-5.
Up on Five Horses, He Is the
First to Pass Beneath the
"Wire in Each
Event.
Phenomenal Record Made
at the Aqueduct Track
by Mitchell.
WINS WITH ALL
OF HIS MOUNTS
CAMPUS AT 30 TO 1 BEAT
HORTON, A TOP-HEAVY CHOICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1900.
5
Index jHoruft, Age. Weight. Pat St. K. %. Str. Ftn. Jockeys. ' Op. £1?
(1284) JRoIling Boer, 2. .114 7 1 ... 4~ii 4~i 1 % Bullman~~ 3 3 8 . 5 a -
1241 |Canmore. 2 :101 5 3 ... m lh 2 5 Mounce 4 S 4 S-5
1299 iHunsrarlan. 4 118 64 ... 2H2h 36 Domlnlck . 7 12 i? i
«2») Pat Morrissey. 6.. 115 3 5 ... 31 3h 4 6 Ruiz { jl .5 ,?
101-6 Lavator.4 115 4 2 ... 6 5 5 5 5 13 Tullett : . 15 25 20 «
1105 Aluminum, 5 103 16 ... 5 H 6 15 6 20 Buchanan. 3 15 15 4
1ZW |vif Argent. 3....103 2 7 ... 7 7 7 J. Martin... 60 100 100 30
Index Horse, Age,
ndex Horse, Age,
1255 iTorslna. a 7
1206) Good Hope.
1281 The Bobby,
12S7 FupU. 3 ....
12W Caftake, 5
1233 Sybaris, 5 .,
1101 [Tirade. * ¦¦¦
1137 ;Pf-r»-pus. a ..
I
, 'Weight. I
Wei
4..
3...
II
lght. I
..107
...07
,..96
.. PS
..101
... 99
..100
¦ ¦¦ 971
|fo.
, Pst St.
fo.
Pst
5
6
4
3
S
2
_5_
St.
7
5
8
3
6
4
I
H- tt- Str.
6 3 Th sl
2 h 11 in
8 U'i U
In 2 h 3 h
4 h oh 5 8
5'j 6 h 6 3
3 m 7 h 7 10
7 H 8 S
H
W.
Str.
,1 < Eettlns >
Fin: 1 Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
In Istuart 7-5 T* (i! 3^5
2 S Fauntleroy .3 7 7 9
3 n Domlnlck ..10 30 w> S
4 4 J. Daly 6 15 15 4
5 10 J. AValsh.... 4 5 4 7-5
6 4 J. Martin... -'3 9-2 9-2 7-5
7 20 Brodlen 20 100 60 20
8 iRansch 6 12 12 5
„( _
) Po
Index Horse, Age, Weight. [Pst St.
M
H.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
\r Betting >
Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1232
12S6
1283
1145
Malay, 4 ]02
Morlnel. 5 100
Grand Sachem. 5. ?5
I Dr. Bernays, 5... 97
',1
3 !
1 1
u
1 3
I 1
3 6
2 n
1 2
3 4
2h
1 1
2 1
3 5
l H
1 h
2 6
3 S
i
Domintck ..
Stuart
Lojfue
J. \ValBh....
1
3
8
6
1
3
12
9
9-10
2
10
9
3-10
1-2
2
5-2
Index I Horse. Age,
. Weight.!
i
fPo.l
ll'stlSt.
%.
H.
Str.
Fin. I Jockeys. '
. I- Betting ,
Op. HI. Cl. .PI.
i
i ___
1*83
1.^7
1230
irs3
nss
I??0
ICampus, 4
iHorton, 4
|Gauntlet. 4
Dolor*. 6
Dare II. 5
Benroe. 5
101 6
107 4
107 5
1C5 1
S8 2
108, 3
6
2
6
1
4
3
33
n
1 3
6
4 H
4 4
2 h
3 i*
1 l
5H
6
3'i
4 15
1 Vi
2 V,
5 10
6
1 ns
2 8
3 6
4 10
5 25
_6
Logue 20
Knos 6-5
Kauntloroy . g-5
Frawley .... g
J. AValsh.... 5
| Doieman ... 12
30
3-2
2
30
10
15
30
1
2
30
10
IS
I
1-5
1-2
7
3
8
Index i Horse. Age, Weight.
1"S IKtckunibob. 3... .ICO
562 |The Buffoon. 3.... ICO!
1*92 il-cewchec. 4 ioj»
1^G3 Canejo. 3..... 1C
12H6 Osmond. 4 ioS
JJ* Alaska. 5 109
U." ilTlm. 4 ii)9
•12C-6 IDr. Marks, 5. ...'.1091
¦ia3HGHberto,^4^v; ...m\
|Po.p :
-- St str - Fln -
E 2 11 l"h 2 2 1 h
9 8 2H23 14 23
|6 4 3 h 4 1 85 i 4
7 9 8 4 4 3 44
15 Sh 52 61 54
S 9 733^ 51 6>i
2 6 6172 7« 76
3 1 42 6 h SI S2
I 4 ] 7 8 h 9 9 9
Jockpya. Op.
Rannch 2
J. Martin... 6
J. Daly 2
Mounce 8
J. Walsh 6
Howson ...". '8
J. Woods.... 6
Stuart • 8
WallB 15
|< Bettlne >
Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
- Bettl
Hi.
5
10
7-2
8
10
10
10
10
50
Ins —
Cl.
4
10
7-2
8
9-2
10
10
10
50
~pi?
6-5
4
6-5
3
8-5
4
4
4
20
Ir.drx I Horse and Weight.
IPo.I
.IPst St
4 •
U. ,
Str. '
Fin.
Jockeys.
(i — Betting 4
Op. HI. Cl. PI.
_____^
—
12SS
1?SS
121C
1<-Ol
US9
Galanthus
'Litmus
'Cambaceres
iKr.undhead
Billy Lyons
Moddn*
iCatlirine Bravo..
!?antalu?
jShotaway _^.
...noj
...U3|
..1CS
..113
..ic;,
..10S
. .10:,
1
8
7
3
5
4 I
S
2
ill
5 .
9
s
*
I 6
3
IJL.
4 h
1 2
6 ti
5 h
3 4
7 3
2 1
r 4
1 n
2 l
3 h
4 2
5 10
« 1
7 2
S 8
9
12 J. Woods.... , 6-5
2 2 Ransch 10
3 5 Enos 15
4 1 - Dominick .. 5-2
5 15- ,Rulz 5 .
6 2 Mounce 5
7 2 Bozeman ... 15
g 10 Stuart , 10
9 [Buchanan ..[ 7
9-5
30
25
5
10
5
20
25
15
7-5
25
25
S
10
4
20
25
15
3-5
8
8
4
S-5
-8
10
6
Index jHoruft, Age. Weight. Pat St. K. %. Str. Ftn. Jockeys. ' Op. £1?
(1284) JRoIling Boer, 2. .114 7 1 ... 4~ii 4~i 1 % Bullman~~ 3 3 8 . 5 a -
1241 |Canmore. 2 :101 5 3 ... m lh 2 5 Mounce 4 S 4 S-5
1299 iHunsrarlan. 4 118 64 ... 2H2h 36 Domlnlck . 7 12 i? i
«2») Pat Morrissey. 6.. 115 3 5 ... 31 3h 4 6 Ruiz { jl .5 ,?
101-6 Lavator.4 115 4 2 ... 6 5 5 5 5 13 Tullett : . 15 25 20 «
1105 Aluminum, 5 103 16 ... 5 H 6 15 6 20 Buchanan. 3 15 15 4
1ZW |vif Argent. 3....103 2 7 ... 7 7 7 J. Martin... 60 100 100 30
Index Horse, Age,
ndex Horse, Age,
1255 iTorslna. a 7
1206) Good Hope.
1281 The Bobby,
12S7 FupU. 3 ....
12W Caftake, 5
1233 Sybaris, 5 .,
1101 [Tirade. * ¦¦¦
1137 ;Pf-r»-pus. a ..
I
, 'Weight. I
Wei
4..
3...
II
lght. I
..107
...07
,..96
.. PS
..101
... 99
..100
¦ ¦¦ 971
|fo.
, Pst St.
fo.
Pst
5
6
4
3
S
2
_5_
St.
7
5
8
3
6
4
I
H- tt- Str.
6 3 Th sl
2 h 11 in
8 U'i U
In 2 h 3 h
4 h oh 5 8
5'j 6 h 6 3
3 m 7 h 7 10
7 H 8 S
H
W.
Str.
,1 < Eettlns >
Fin: 1 Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
In Istuart 7-5 T* (i! 3^5
2 S Fauntleroy .3 7 7 9
3 n Domlnlck ..10 30 w> S
4 4 J. Daly 6 15 15 4
5 10 J. AValsh.... 4 5 4 7-5
6 4 J. Martin... -'3 9-2 9-2 7-5
7 20 Brodlen 20 100 60 20
8 iRansch 6 12 12 5
„( _
) Po
Index Horse, Age, Weight. [Pst St.
M
H.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
\r Betting >
Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1232
12S6
1283
1145
Malay, 4 ]02
Morlnel. 5 100
Grand Sachem. 5. ?5
I Dr. Bernays, 5... 97
',1
3 !
1 1
u
1 3
I 1
3 6
2 n
1 2
3 4
2h
1 1
2 1
3 5
l H
1 h
2 6
3 S
i
Domintck ..
Stuart
Lojfue
J. \ValBh....
1
3
8
6
1
3
12
9
9-10
2
10
9
3-10
1-2
2
5-2
Index I Horse. Age,
. Weight.!
i
fPo.l
ll'stlSt.
%.
H.
Str.
Fin. I Jockeys. '
. I- Betting ,
Op. HI. Cl. .PI.
i
i ___
1*83
1.^7
1230
irs3
nss
I??0
ICampus, 4
iHorton, 4
|Gauntlet. 4
Dolor*. 6
Dare II. 5
Benroe. 5
101 6
107 4
107 5
1C5 1
S8 2
108, 3
6
2
6
1
4
3
33
n
1 3
6
4 H
4 4
2 h
3 i*
1 l
5H
6
3'i
4 15
1 Vi
2 V,
5 10
6
1 ns
2 8
3 6
4 10
5 25
_6
Logue 20
Knos 6-5
Kauntloroy . g-5
Frawley .... g
J. AValsh.... 5
| Doieman ... 12
30
3-2
2
30
10
15
30
1
2
30
10
IS
I
1-5
1-2
7
3
8
Index i Horse. Age, Weight.
1"S IKtckunibob. 3... .ICO
562 |The Buffoon. 3.... ICO!
1*92 il-cewchec. 4 ioj»
1^G3 Canejo. 3..... 1C
12H6 Osmond. 4 ioS
JJ* Alaska. 5 109
U." ilTlm. 4 ii)9
•12C-6 IDr. Marks, 5. ...'.1091
¦ia3HGHberto,^4^v; ...m\
|Po.p :
-- St str - Fln -
E 2 11 l"h 2 2 1 h
9 8 2H23 14 23
|6 4 3 h 4 1 85 i 4
7 9 8 4 4 3 44
15 Sh 52 61 54
S 9 733^ 51 6>i
2 6 6172 7« 76
3 1 42 6 h SI S2
I 4 ] 7 8 h 9 9 9
Jockpya. Op.
Rannch 2
J. Martin... 6
J. Daly 2
Mounce 8
J. Walsh 6
Howson ...". '8
J. Woods.... 6
Stuart • 8
WallB 15
|< Bettlne >
Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
- Bettl
Hi.
5
10
7-2
8
10
10
10
10
50
Ins —
Cl.
4
10
7-2
8
9-2
10
10
10
50
~pi?
6-5
4
6-5
3
8-5
4
4
4
20
Ir.drx I Horse and Weight.
IPo.I
.IPst St
4 •
U. ,
Str. '
Fin.
Jockeys.
(i — Betting 4
Op. HI. Cl. PI.
_____^
—
12SS
1?SS
121C
1<-Ol
US9
Galanthus
'Litmus
'Cambaceres
iKr.undhead
Billy Lyons
Moddn*
iCatlirine Bravo..
!?antalu?
jShotaway _^.
...noj
...U3|
..1CS
..113
..ic;,
..10S
. .10:,
1
8
7
3
5
4 I
S
2
ill
5 .
9
s
*
I 6
3
IJL.
4 h
1 2
6 ti
5 h
3 4
7 3
2 1
r 4
1 n
2 l
3 h
4 2
5 10
« 1
7 2
S 8
9
12 J. Woods.... , 6-5
2 2 Ransch 10
3 5 Enos 15
4 1 - Dominick .. 5-2
5 15- ,Rulz 5 .
6 2 Mounce 5
7 2 Bozeman ... 15
g 10 Stuart , 10
9 [Buchanan ..[ 7
9-5
30
25
5
10
5
20
25
15
7-5
25
25
S
10
4
20
25
15
3-5
8
8
4
S-5
-8
10
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Lippitt & Fisiisr,
Up-to-Date Shoss of Quality*
945 Marke! St., S. F.
Double sole box calf
school shoe for boys, lace
and well shaped— durable,
comfortable. $2.00.
One of our exceptional
bargains for men is a
heavy kid, double exten-
sion fo!e, lace, at $!l.r»O.
We are so anxious to
have you become ac-
quainted with this new
stoie we're offering;, par-
ticularly good bargains in
our misses* vici kid lace
shoes, single sole, spring
heel. patent tip, at
S1.47* in size? from 8 l A
to ii. and s?l.O."» in sizes
II to 2.
A shoe for stormy
weathei — street wear — a
good strong, yet neat and
comfortable boot. It's
bound to please vou — and
tbe price is particularly
attractive. S.'S.OO.
Walking 1
Boots.
Ladies'
©I£R€E'S
g^^ FAVORITE
ftaESCRIPTION
ML FOR WEAK WOMEN. I
FREE DISTRIBUTION.
V.'atcli ior a&acuaceiBent * n Saturdaj'i CAliU
KD\EY a-d Bu^DDER CURE!
*fJ'J_SE&9 Or ANATOMY*
/, Qj 19Q luoxxT ct. tet. e±tr±. sx.qa A
T QT The Larp e<» AnuoccicJ Museum hi the \
/) V/oiid W>itnef)*» or *iy c«mr«clert m
" C£s£$ <! viaic t»-«.titi-ly tared l,y Ihe ufcl *
fv ZSZ CJtt oycv-illiZtutiu. Cc«*t. E»ti6 7O»r»-
/. nW?S OS- iTOrTDiy*- -PHI>ATE DISEASES 4
V "C^p R Lc-.-jMnian freo ar.d stri. t)» prlinte. \
/3 / P»2t fll l '" 1UJCI " i*ni.naUf «r bjr letter. A 3
• ' '/ '! J t-ut f"»e «.Vreio c»crjf o»vcondcrt»i<ea. \
/i.ir.1 \\tj-. «w!otli«-lJ?BH.«»jiiP«V»iA
if S it >l •» J.&JIKIAUK, HAILSO fUB. ' A \
i vj ft, valuable boct lor n.rr./ A
V mt JORRAXttCO.lCS* Market Bt.. 8. F. "
visi- OR JORDAN'S nut
SABER, ALFS & BRUNK. Affenta.
823 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Daraiana Bitters
iS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IN'VIGORA-
tbr and Nervine.
Tho most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for piseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
DDTTQUffQ F0R BARBER3.a\K-
XJliUOXliiw ««. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmllla. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, factories, •ta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
UUCrtANA.N BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento S-""
§VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for ME*
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL8
have been In use over fifty
year* by the leaders of th*
Mormon Church and their fol-
lower*. Positively cures the
worst cases In old and youn<
¦ rising from effects of self-
abus*. dissipation, excesses or
rlr«rptte-*molcing. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency. L*>tt
Power. NlRht Losses, Insora-
ra Tair.s !n Back. Evil Desires. L*me Hack.
yVrvous Debility. Headache. L'nfitness to Mar-
ri Lots of Semen, Vkricocele or Con-
rtMttaa. Stops Ne %J rvous T wl tching
of Eyelids. Ejects p^^T^are Immediate.
Irrrart vigor and ceflfTS potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: » cum Ii at
r-'d Bertorei email, undeveloped organs.
EttsrtfUtn the brain and nerve centers: 50c a
?-x- € 'or t* 00 by mail. A written guarantee to
<Lre or mon»y refunded with « boxes. Circulars
rrw Adrfrefs BISHOP REMEDT CO.. _«0 Ellis
,i Pan I-ranctseo. C.I.. GRANT DRUO CO..
I- and <0 Third 6t. --. '•¦'
3
SPECIAL PRICES
-ON-
RAINY DAY SKIRTS.
ff ord Gray
Cloth Rainy
Day Skirts, 6
rows stitch-
i n g around
bottom, all
lengths, a $5
¦ value, Sp? c1 »«
(T»O Art
$3.00.
Rainy Day
Skirts, with
outside pockets patched on,
all wool cloth— black, blue
and brown — worth $7.50,
. Special for $5.00.
Extra heavy All Wool
Cloth • Rainy Day Skirts,
elegantly made — blacks and
blues— an $11 value,
Special for $7.50.
Kelly & Liebes'
Cloak and Suit House.
120 Kearny St.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on th»
American and European plans.
The b«at evidence of the poonlarlty of
these hotels can be found In the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made them their headquar-
ters when visiting San Francisco.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
DR. MEYERS
& GO.,
Specialists
Disease and weak-
ness of men. Es-
tablished 1SSL Con-
sultation free.
731 . Market «t.
(elevator entrance).
San Francisco.
Philadelphia.
India Refining Co.,
A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat for
Shortening, Frying and
General Cooking.
Guaranteed Free of Anim il Matter
Fry MUSH in "KO-iNUT,"
it is a revelation.
Ask You: 1 Grocer or Write
"Ko-Nut"
Purest, sweetest, most
Healthful Cooking Material
made.
Quality
Garter Elastic 5c Yard.
oO pieces of fril e t garter elastic, 1 inch
wide, that w»s closed out to us by the
jobber at^half price; colors black, pink,
Line, cardinal, orange and new ¦¦
green; special to-day only, per yd 3C
¥. Hum's Extra Fruit — 3 b cans Apri-
ls cot?, P.um3 a-jd Strawberries, in heavy
* syrup, sold regilarly at 30c per can. to-
* day 2OC
j£ Fnncv Red Salmon- Littla C mrao-
tf do-e*brand l-:b tins to-lay 12c
£ Milchner Herrings -The cennine im-
J p»rtad, white and lat. 8 fi--h {or. ..25o
K French Sardines— The Clement brand,
*° i«. in oi , to-day, 3 tins for 25c
*>' Plum Pudding— Gordon & Dillworth.
J. lib tins •• 200
If Pabst 3Ialt Extract- Tin best tonic
If per dozjn $2.18
K Wilson's Rye Whiskey— One of ih*
X beat and most popu ar b ands on the
•? market, to-dv only, per bottle... 92c
K Burgundy Wine — 6 years old, «x:ra
5 qua ity, to day, per gil on 54o
ifo'AAAAA'A'A'A* 'aIaWaVaWA'aMAImV*'*
Groceries'" Liquors
Another Sale of
Men's and Boys' Hats.
Oar regn'ar $1.85 line ~ —^^
i which equal the
hats that ycu ordi- E&1;~~, li^R
for), on _Jj§S§
-pecial sale t 3?J l S»g^a — -4*3*^
Fridav and
I*M $1.45.
The stiff hats in b'ack, brown and ceiar.
The Fedoras in black, dark and light
brown, contrasts and pearl.
Bay to-day and sive one-quarter; the?e are
first-cass black rubber footualh. well
made, extra strong on seams, bras* viiye
with key, and th'-y come in five size;—
31 ball?, 11 inches ciameter, to-day. 78c
85c balls, 10 inches diameter, to-day.. €H?£?
7Jc bal s, 9 inches diameter, to-day. 58 C
6 Ib balls, 8 inch9s diameter! to-day. 48 O
50c bal'a, 7 inches diameter, to-day. 38o
Sporting Goods— Second Floor. ,
Football Sale.
% Misses' and Children's
£ Waterproof Shoes.
ft ¦' Alaska S?at Waterproof
*** fRfj^sS : Shoes for in sees anl ch I-
if dren. coin toes and medium
*¦* l^^^l weight siles. the bast shoe
jf mats f° r winter wear, on
fi[ [lf\M special sale to-dav (Frid iv)
Jf ' for o tf 1
£ Sizes 11J to 2, regularly $1.47, for
J $1.16
Men's and Boys' Clothing, 70c on the $1.00.
jf The Balance of Several Fall and Winter Stocks dosed Out From
* Various Manufacturers of High-Grade Coining by Our
t Buyer While in New York last Month.
5 This is one of the largest and most advantageous purchases that we have ever made. The fabrics
j^and styles are the latest. We are selling the goods now at 70c on the 51.00 or less.
If Men'* *12.50 Sack Suits for $3.95
% M n's $15.00 afld fl7.00 Sack Suits. 7.
»• .......:.'. $10.75
V Men's $17.50 Overcoits $10.85
il Z.
Men's Overcoat?, worth ud to $3>.' v>
$17.75
Boys' $5.00 Lin? Pants Slits $3,08
Boys' $IO.CO Long P.ints Suits.... S6.9S
Boys* $3.4"> 2-Piece Suit3 $2.43
Boy 3 ' $2.9 > Vesteo Suit3 S1.P7
Boyi' $6.oO Vastee Suits $3.43
i Boys' 3-Piece $5.00 Vestee Su\\.n.$3.48
Undermuslin Spsciafs*
idies' h!gh-cia?3
mus.in . gown*.
all embroidery
yoke, embroid-
ery on caff; prica
regulirly $1.75;
special to-day,
$7.15
7y*«g> XV Ladies' r 11 -wool
n e*S I Knit Skirts «
If *^ 11 red, blue, browa
'i and black.
shaped yoke; price always -» # mr>
$1.50; special to-day &MmUU
Safo of Pearl Sets,
Gulf Buttons, Etc.
%A manufacturer's szmpU lins of first
quality Pearl QyAi was recently closed
out by our buyer at considerably under ita
real value, and is placed on sale for Fri-
day only at from one-quarter to oae-
half of its actual worth.
25c to 50c Pearl Waist Set, to-day... 1 Go
25c to 50c Pearl Dumb-Bell Lnks. to-
day 1Go
25c and 35c Pearl Caff Buttons 16 C
Pearl Shirt Studs, separable back, sec cf
3. to-day 12c
Pearl Stick Pins, worth doable to-day's
prica .— ~ ...... .................. ......... 1 2c
In a large shipment of Towj:3 jaat re-
ceived from Belfast th re was one case
of 10} dozen, tha bo'deraof which were
not as we ordered; they are a towel
that we usually sell for $2.50 per
dozen; very larjre. 20x43 inches, and
nicely hemmed; th' manufacturer made
us a liberal concesaion. and the lot is on
special sale Friday only — per « —
, dozsn, $1.6?; each l^D
Towel Bargain*
$¦" ¦ ¦ •. . ¦ ' .- v;;.'.':;-;.ff> ?^ ' ¦:'"•,;" '¦ -- ¦"- •"
% lubfn's Soap 33 s* < Tflfgl|3|E B'^ISfrdfihBBbBll BEIiiH Opera Gloves*
*> The 60c size, guaranteed genuine IS g B | Jouvin and Cie, finest qual-
v —200 cakes of the popular || ¦f»^* and itv; opera lengths undress-
J heliotrope odor, on sala - f&2fc2EA2fc.I*« *5 ed K?d Gloves — thl3 week
K Friday orly, cake 33C CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE Half-price* .
| lasf Safe Loom Ends Ribbons.
jf All that is left of this immense purchase of loom ends of ribbon (pieces less than a bolt in length)
J will be quickly deposed of to-dav. More than 300 feet of counter space will be devoted to the sale of
v this lot, which comprises about 7090 yards of brilliant luster taffeta Silk Ribbons, in vari-
H ous widths and rich colorings, suitable for neckwear and holiday fancy work —
$ No 9— U-inch all-si' k Taffeta; yard 6o No. 40— 3Hnch all-silk Taffeta; yard 13c
g No. 3^— 3-inch all-s : !k Taffeta; yard ..... . . . . fOc No. 63— 4*-inch all-silk Taffeta: yard 16o
* Silk' Pin Cushions. $2.50 Pajamas, Towel Bargain.
J. 21c O7 n a ar^ e shipment of TowjIi jaat re-
% 240 SH k P n-Chion, t^ covered Vth t , . t f th ' f t w - , f Swi SSLfS^rXS^hS
j: lace app ique designs and a silk ruffl» An assorted lot of these comfortable Bi^ht not M W9 orrlered . ther are a towel
** all around, alo a number of other at- ga-m?nts, in flannehtte and Midra3 that we usually sell for $2.50 per
i£ tractive shapes* rll bright pretty Cloth, not one in the lot worth Ies3 tha^ dozen; very large. 20x43 inches, and
i co'ors- would make nice lit la Christ- $1-50 a suit, while some are worth a^ nicely hemmed; th- manufacturer made
» co ors, wouta raaKe nice UM3 ynnn » U3 a libsral concession, and the lot » on
» mas gifts; worth 3oc. apec.al much as $2.50; chuce to-day. 8pecial sale Ffiday on i y _ per
to-day 1 dCMC Friday only, per suit *f#C dozsn, $1.6?; each * .. . 9*+C
X ¦ ¦ — . 1
THE EMPORIUM.
THE. EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
$2.50 Pajamas,
37c.
An assorted lot of these comfortable sight
ga*m?nts, in flannehtte and Midras
Cloth, not one in the lot worth less thin
$1.50 a suit, white some are worth &*
much as $2.50; chiica to-day.
' Friday only, per suit HmC
R3 uuSv k yffh i vs ts >>ni caCALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.— Mrs. J. «S.
Morgan of San Francisco is at the Arling T
ton. S. N. Baker of Los Angeles is at the
St. James.
Look out for the hundreds of
laughs in the comic half-tone •
section given f ree with next .
Sunday's Call.
Pinole Weekly Times.
KIND WORDS FOR THE GALL.
The thanks of all people, irrespective of party, should be tendered the San
Francisco Call for its fearless and splendid fight against bosses and corruDt
politicians. The Call's work in behalf of Metcalf and Belshaw is very irrati
fying to the people of Contra Costa, and we watch with interest any other
fight it is making. The. Call is a good, clean paper.; and fit for our children
and does not bring, the blush' of shame to the cheeks of decent people. "Well
done. Call; keep up the good work. • .
•¦ ¦ ~ ¦ . : " ; . : - . ' ..-.." : - - . . .-, / . . .
Betire Them Now.
Whoever consults an Army Register will
discover that every colonel on the list Is
a veteran of the Civil War, and one-third
of them were in the army before 1S60.
More than half of the lieutenant colonels
and majors fought in the Civil War. Most
of them, perhaps all, have had years of
hardships in Indian campaigns. These
men are nearing the age of compulsory
retirement. Many of them are great suf
ferers and perform such service as is re
quired with all the fidelity of true soldiers
but without the vigor and dash of younger
men, which is now impossible for | them
They hang on, hoping for another promo"
tion that will enable them to gain a lit
tle larger retiring pay for the solace of
their later years. "Why should not a rich
and grateful nation, which bestows pen
sions with lavish hand on privates who
served but a few months in the Civil War
give to these gray and weary veterans the
boon of retirement with their coveted pro
motion at once? It would cost but llttl»
They deserve such consideration and irrat"
uity, no, not gratuity but earned honor
and reward. It would bring into com
mand of our regiments and battalions
younger men, full of vigor and ambition
the consequence of which would be In
creased efficiency and new llfe.-Boston
Herald. —"^
t The, Michigan, aspirant for office who killed him
self because of the severity of the criticism, aimed
against him must hare had a'sense of his' unworth
even more keen than that of his critics! V\n:
And now Switzerland wants to borrowVseveral.mil
lions .of dollars from us. Uncle "Sam" is' the most
popular man on earth when there are favors to be
granted. .
Reports, founded in the" gravest suspicion and
based upon ugly facts, point again to the head of the
law department of the Southern Pacific Company as
a disbursing agent of political corruption. IHs to
be hoped that the new directors of the corporation
will learn enough of our politics to be wise enough
to mind their own business.
China has overcome its objections, it appears/ to
the desecration of its graveyards and will permit, the
building of railroads. The^ oriental powers that bo
have evidently reached the conclusion that it is better
to have a few railroads rather than many graveyards
made by' aggressive foreigners.
The Board of Supervisors' seems to be honestly
moved by a purpose to check the adulteration of
foods. The board would take a long step in the right
direction by commanding the Board -of Health to
enforce the laws already in existence but notoriously
disobeyed. ,. '..''/ . ;i^g
The grief with which the patrolmen of the Police
Department accept their duty to check ni^ht lamps
that are, unlighted may worthily be compared with
the dread of night pedestrians who suffer from that
municipal parsimony which keeps the city in dark
ness. • '02 : ~.
Commercial Education.
The city of London, having already dona
valuable work for technical eaucatlon. Isi
about to direct its attention to th» sub
ject of commercial education. A special
court of the corporation convened recent
ly to consider a scheme which will prob
ably involve an expenditure of a quarter
of a million sterling. It Is pr<jpos«d to
found a great school where youths -who
have chosen a commercial career will bo
taught the technicalities of the branch
they have selected. In such a school It
will not be possible to make th© fees very
low but it is hoped the case of youths
who are not able to pay the fees will ba
met by scholarship?.— Cardiff Mall.
I I ARDLY any feature of the elections in this
j I State is more gratifying than that which reveals
the careful discrimination exercised by the peo
ple in supporting Republican candidates. Where
such candidates were thoroughly representative of
the principles of the party they were almost without
exception elected by good majorities, but where the
bosses had succeeded^in nominating notorious rail
road tools on the Republican ticket self-respecting 1
people refused to be - supporters of such men, and
most of them were defeated. *
The circumstances under which the bosses were
beaten adds to the satisfaction with which the victory
for honest politics will be regarded. The trend of
public sentiment was so overwhelmingly Republican
that every candidate who had a place on the Repub
lican ticket had an immense advantage over his oppo
nent. Moreover, W. F. Herrin, who in times past
had never shown himself openly in supporting rail
road candidates and opposing honest men, came out
publicly in this campaign, and by bringing Kelly and
Crimmins to the front as political leaders made him
self a partner with them in the fight. Thus the defeat
of those candidates demonstrates that the intelligence
of the Republican voters of San Francisco will not
tolerate "yellow dogs" even in such tidal wave years
as this, and that the Southern Pacific Company has
no longer the strength in local politics it once had. • \
The fight made by Herrin, Crimmins and Kelly'
was directed mainly to the election of Dibble and the
defeat of Bclshaw. No man in either branch of the
Legislature has ever been more compliant or more,
unscrupulous in service to the railroad than Dibble,
and no man has ever stood against them more firmly
in the interests of the people and of honesty than
Bclsha-.v. Therefore Herrin spared no expense of
time, eriergy* or money to elect the one and defeat the
other. All his efforts were vain. The victory of the
people was decisive. Dibble was beaten. Belshaw
was elected.
This demonstration of the clearness with which a
majority of the voters of the State discriminate be
tween genuine Republicanism and the. spurious poli
tics which the railroad and v the .bosses undertake. to.
carry out under the name of Republicanism comes at
a most opportune time. The-Southern \Pacific»iV in
the hands ot new managers. The newly chosen presi
dent, Mr. Hays,' will tre long enter upon the work of
his office. When he reaches California he vvilP he
confronted with this evidence of the alliance between
Herrin and # the ward bosses of San Francisco to do
"crooked politics j" an'd he will also perceive how far
that alliance is antagonistic to the sentiment and the
interests of the people v It is hardly likely lie will ig
nore the lesson. '
The people of California are sure to, derive a great
profit from the discrimination they have exercised.
They have rid . the Legislature of the presence j of .
Dibble as a member of the Assembly. If he go to
Sacramento to do politics he will have to go as a
lobbyist. They have by indorsing Mr. Belshaw given
encouragement to ..every- honest legislator. Finally |"
theyiiave brought about a situation which will in all
likelihood lead the. new managers of the Southern
Pacific to either remove Herrin from office or at least
compel him to attend to the legitimate business of
THE DEFEAT OF TriE BOSSES.
A CHANCE FOR DEMOCRACY.
ON the day after the great and' glorious election
an old dyed-in-the-wool Democrat was heard
bewailing the fate that in his imagination
awaited him and his. "After imperialism," said he,
"will come militarism. Then there will be a suppres
sion of everything in the country that opposes the ad
ministration. Democracy, if it exist at all, will have
to be a secret order. It will no longer be tolerated
in the open."
While there'is nothing in the situation to justify
fears of militarism, there is enough to. sustain the con
clusion that as a political organization Democracy
is no longer of any value. There is no need to make
it a secret order, but if it is to survive at all it will
have to be converted to other uses than that of nomi
nating candidates for the Presidency and drawing up
platforms. It can hardly be conducted as a fraternal
association just at present, for there is too little
brotherly love among the few voters who remain in
it; nor can it be made a glee club or musical society,
for it has at present no inclination to melody. The
laws will not permit it to operate as an athletic club
for the promotion of prize-fights, and no other kind
of athletics would be pleasing to its members in their
gloom. There remains a plan of making it a pic
nic association, and that plan merits consideration.
-By arranging a series of picnics held far- from the
madding crowd Democracy could still be. of some
service to the State. For example, in this city it
might take Phelan out for a frolic and either lose him
in the woods or drop him in the bay. A national
frolic of a similar nature would give a chance to lose
Bryan, Altgeld and others. Services of that kind
would be appreciated. All discussions of Democratic
reorganization should take the picnic club idea into
consideration. It will be a great deal* better than
making a secret society out of the thing, or. trying to
run it any more as a political machine.
AN ErtVASCULATED/ CODE.
/
THE report of the commission for the "revision
and reform of tlie law," with recommendations
respecting the Code of Civil Procedure, which
has just been printed for the edification- of the legal
profession, is less valuable, if such a thing is possible,
than any "report" of any previous commission with
respect to any code. Not but what the work done
by the honorab'e gentlemen ;vho comprise the body
upon the Code of Civil Procedure discovers the pos
sessioiT of great intellectual powers and eminent abil
ity; the main difficulty with the report is that it is
too powerful and too able.
The Commissioners recommended the repeal or
amendment of one-fourth qi the present code. This
2lone lays the foundation for the publication of fifty
volumes of Supreme Court reports and for at least
two thousand contests over disputed questions of
practice. The cost of these volumes and these con
tests would easily approximate one million dollars.
Among the changes proposed with reference to the
partition of real property the commission abolishes
the only remedy now existing for perfecting the title
to land against which there are claims of unknown
owners, and in disqualifying a Judge from acting in
proceedings for contempt when he is the aggrieved
party it places every court at' the mercy of the bullies
and braggarts of the b»r. In dispensing with the pres
ent requirement in probate cases that heirs in the
State shall be notified of applicat'ons for letters the
commission abolishes the only means many persons
have of learning that their interests are unprotected.
and in denying to individuals to whom claims have
been assigned the right to sue for them it cuts off a
privilege now enjoyed by many poor people who havs
just causes but not the money to prosecute them.
In revising and refoiming the law this commission,
like its predecessor?, has attempted too much. Two
thirds of all the cases which are now appealed to the
Supreme Court involve questions of practice. Of the
127 volumes comprising the California Reports more
than half have been devoted to explaining, applying
and correcting the provisions of the Code of Civil
Procedure. Why rip up all this work and begin
anew? Will the time ever come when the lawyers
will cease to practice on their clients by raising and
disputing questions of procedure?
The Commission for the Revision and Reform of
the Law consists of A. C. Freeman, \V. C. Van Fleet
and Georpe J. Denis, with \V. F. Henning, a Los
Angeles writer of. law, as secretary.-. We hope it will
he established later on that Messrs. Freeman and Van
Fleet have had nothing to do with this revolutionary
attempt to "revise" and "reform" the Code of Civil
Procedure. Both are gentlemen of sense and ability,
and their innocence would leave the awful burden of
guilt to fall upon Governor Gage's Commissioner
and Secretary. As the latter have probably drawn
their salaries ss soon as due, and torn up all the sta
tionery available, they may be better able to bear the
responsibility than their older and more diffident col
leagues. In any event we shall never believe Free
man and Van Fleet r-re particeps criminis until the
fact is proved by trustworthy evidence in a court of
It has been the practice of Legislative Judiciary
Committees heretofore to throw the work of all Com
missioners appointed to "revise" and "reform" th«
laws into convenient wastebaskets. That fate will
doubtless in due time overtake the work of this one.
In the meantime it may be well for the taxpayers to
consider how much thi> biennial monkeying with the
codes is costing them. The Commissioners draw
each $4000 annually and their secretary $2400. Thev
have a clerk and stenographer, who destroy alage
quantity of official stationery every year. Their exist
ence was authorized by a statute passed in 1895. So
up to date they have cost the treasury- nearly $100,000,
which does not include tlie expense of printing their
Vet it never seems to occur to anybody to suggest
the abolition of th'e commission. \Vi[l California a
hundred years hence still be in the .business of revis
ing and reforming its laws through the legislative
wastebasket at a cost of $20,ooo annually?
EMPEROR WILLIAM'S recent visit to Barmen and Elberfeld was connected
with the opening, not only of a hall of fame conceived on a plan somewhat
similar to that which Is shortly to grace University Heights, but also of
a railroad which Is the first of its kind to be put into practical operation.
At once a one rail and a suspended railway, the line runs from Voh
winkle to Elberfeld and Barmen, the two latter towns being centers of great In
dustrial activity, with an aggregate population of a quarter of a million. The
distance is a little over eight miles, and for a greater part of this the track is
above the Rlv^r Wupper. The carriages travel literally hanging from a single
rail running exactly above the center line of the roof. These carriages each have
two pairs of bicycle bogle wheels, one at each end of the roof, from which the
whole car depends. The wheels have electric motor attachments, which develop
energy sent along a second rail in the usual manner, and support the car by
means of stout hooked bars, which bend from the wheel axle round one side of
the rail, and fix Into huge steel eyes projecting from the middle line of the car's
roof. The railroad itself, consisting of two distinct lines— for up and down traffic
—Is rigidly held by cross girder work. The whole superstructure is supported at a
suitable height above road and river traffic by A and O shaped trestles, the ends
of which rest in masonry foundations at either side of the way.
The designed maximum speed of the railway is only thirty-six miles an hour,
but it should be noted that curves and gradients are many. There are nineteen
stations on tho% stretch of eight miles between the termini. Inclusive of stop
pages at each of these, trains will take twenty minutes for the whole Journey.
Trains on this upside-down railway travel smoothly, with very little vibration and
practically no noise. They are amply provided with brakes and usual safety ap
pliances, and by a somewhat novel provision regulate the signals automatically.
¦Herr Engene Langen of Cologne was the originator of the "hanging" railway,
but in a trial stretch of line which he built at Cologne In 1S93 the cars were sup
ported by double sets of wheels running on two lines. The Inventor subsequent
ly died, befors seeing his system put to practical use. The original idea was
improved and modified to the monorail system by engineering firms in Nurem
burg and Augsburg, to whom the work of erection was intrusted. In 1S95 a
trial section of the monorail suspension system was put up in Cologne, and this
was found to be bo eminently satisfactory that the sister towns of Elberfeld
and Barmen* entered upon negotiations for the construction of a line. Building
was commenced In the spring of 1S9S.
A CHANCE TO SM1LH.
First Chinaman— Has Ah Push associ
ated very much with tne Christians?
Second Chinaman — Oh, yes. You should
hear him swear.— Puck.
Youth — Oh. I don't want to take that
character. I'll make a fool of myself,
sure*. -.Maiden— Well, you said you wanted
an easy part.— Detroit, Free Press.
i Little Clara was out with hex mother,
taking dinner at a neighbor's house, and
the hostess, in an attempt to be enter
taining, asked her if she liked kittens.
The little miss shocked those gathered a:
the table by looking suspiciously at the
chicken pie, and exclaiming. "I'd rather
have cake.' — Tit-Bita.
> ' i
"What are we coming to? If this sort
of thing keeps on every social barrier will
be swept away."
"What's the matter now?" :
"Why, somebody's maid here in the Po
lice Court actually got up and Insisted
that she is a kleptomaniac." — Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
•
"I can't have lost all my good looks."
said Miss Northslde to her best friend.
Miss Shadyside. "for I can still obtain a
seat in a crowded streetcar."
"Oh well," replied Miss Shadyside.
"you know the men will give seats to old
age as well as to vouthful beauty."—
Pittsburgr Chronicle-Telegraph.
"These aren't the kind of biscuits my
mother used to make." he said.
"Oh, George," she faltered, on th© verge
of tears.
"Well, they're not!" he repeated em
phatically. "They're enough sight bet
ter." -
And then the sun came out again.—Phil
adelphia Evening Bulletin.
Her Mother (sternly) — Mary complains
that you won't help her at all; that you
never even hold the baby.
Her Husband— That's not so. Why, I
held him last .night for a while.
Her Mother — Oh, you did. How long,
pray? * • .
Her Husband— Well— er— long enough
for Mary to bring up a scuttle of coal.—
Philadelphia Press.
TEACHERS ARE THANKFUL.
Thanks are the orders ot the day at present, hence it Is only proper to say
that the teachers of this city fully recoginze and appreciate the value of
the services of The Call in its loyal support of Senate Amendment No. 15.
The Call was, I believe- the only morning paper that supported the
amendment. It received the highest vote of the whole number of amend
ments, excepting the Stanford measure, for which we all voted, of course.
The Call therefore has a right to plume itself.
The teachers cannot forget this and they all feel correspondingly grateful
to The Call, as well as" to the evening Journals that followed the course of
The Call in advocating the cause of common justice. W. W. STONE, .
Principal Burnett School.
San Francisco, Nov. 8, 1900.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. C. L. Hammond of Nevada Is at the
Grand.
W. J. McDonald, the brewer, Is at the
Grand.
W. W. Cary, a Stockton mining man, is
at the Lick. -
H. C. Davy of San Jose, a mining man,
is at the Lick.
Senator William M. Stewart of. Carsoi
is at the Palace.
Speaker of the Assembly Alden Ander
son is at the Grand.
Irving H. Taylor, a New York mer
chant, is at the Palace.
Senator Thoma3 Flint Jr. of San Juan la
registered at the Palace.
S. J. Fore, a big railroad contractor of
Ashland,- Or., is at the Grand.
George Myers, a prominent Fresno mer
chant. Is stopping at the Licit.
Professor W. W. Campbell of the LIck
Observatory is at the California. .
H. S. Stevens, proprietor of the Stevens
Hotel at Seattle, is at the Grand.
C. S. Benson and wife of Portland are
stopping at the Palace for a- few days.
W. A.; Brewer, principal of one of the
schools at San Mateo. la at the Palace.
J. S. Rodriguez, a prosperous Guate
mala coffee planter, is at the Occidental.
O. I. Woodward, a large land owner at
Woodward Isle, Is stopping at the Grand.
O. O. Howard Jr., a prominent Los An
gles merchant, is stopping at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Fetilet of Paris are at the
California. They are making a tour of
the world. ¦
J D Ludwip, mining superintendent of
Marlposa, is stopping at the Grand for
a few days.
Dr F H Paterson and wife of San
Juan have taken apartments at the Grand
for a few days.
G R. Putnam of the United States geo
logical survey at Washington is registered
at the Occidental.- '.)
B F Porter, general superintendent or
the' Phoenix Railroad in Arizona. Is reg
istered at the Occidental.
F F Wells of Sydney arrived in the
city yesterday on a tour of the world.
While in San FrarTcisco heiwill make his
headquartera at th© Occidental.
j H Bennett- of Reno, who was re
cently appointed general freight and pas
senger agent of the' Nevada, California
and Oregon Railroad, is at the Palace.
This is his first trip to the coast.
THE BARMEN-ELBERFELD SUSPENDED RAILWAY, THE IXVEN'TIOX
OF THE LATE HERR EUGENE LAXGEN OF COLOGNE. IT 13
EIGHT MILES LONG AND IN DAILY USE
FRIDAY NOVEMBER .9. *9O3
'JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communication to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
M.% V4GI2R*S OFFICE .Tflf phon«» Proiiw 2O4
I'l'BLICATlO.V OFFICE. . .Market and Third. S. K.
li • Telephone. rre«» 201. ¦ . . ,
KDlTOniAI; ROOMS 2X7 «o 221 SteTmion St.
Telrphanr Press SO2.
DeltTirred br Cnrrirrn. 15 Ct-ntm Per Week.
Sinarle Copies. S Cents. - ¦ '.
* Term* t»T Mall. Indndinr Postaaret
DATI.T CAI..I, {including Sunday), cne y*=r M-M
DAILT CALL (including Sunday), ( months I.M
DAILY CAU* 4tacki4!np Sunday), S months ...~.-~.... I.M
DAILT CAUr-By ElneJe Month «e
fcUNDAY CALL. One Tear 1-M
.WEFKLT CALL. One Tear 1.00
All poitmaiKr* are ntithortzed to rrcrtve
subscript Ions.
Eafijple ecples will be forwarded - -ben requested.
Mail transcriber* In ordering change of addrtra should be
r*rtJcn!ar to give both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to l&rare a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOC\ESS.
Vanager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lour Distance Telephone "Central 2€1>.">
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C O. CAHLTO\ Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHEX D. SMITH 30 Tribune Hnlhllnr
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS: •
Waldorf -Astoria, Hotel; A. Brentano. Q Union Square;
Hurray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Houe*; P. O. Nun Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hctel,
WASHINGTON <D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St.. !f. W.
MOBTOX K. CRAXK. Coireapondent.
THE PAYMENT OF CUSTOMS.
AERCHANTS doing business in New York
have long enjoyed the privilege of paying
customs duties by bank certificates, and as i
consequence * their importers are able to liquidate
duties at the Custom-house without carrying the very
large sums of money involved through the streets in
cash. The advantages of the privilege are many, an«l
it is gratifying that the Merchants' Association of this
city has begun a movement to obtain a similar-privi
lege for importers here.' " ' v "" ..
In order that the "plan "may bVclearly understood
by those interested, the association has obtained from
New York full information concerning the practical
operation of the system in that city. Copies of the
letter and documents containing the information
have been sent to the banks and. to the leading com
mercial houses of the city itiviting co-operation in the
undertaking. In a circular letter pointing out the de
sirability of the privilege the directors of the associa
tion say: "We believe .that it only requires the. fa
vorable consent of the* commercial banks of the city
to make successful a petition to the Treasury De
partment for the extension of this privilege to San
Francisco." Such being .the 'case it is' to be hoped
the banks will cordially respond -,to the movement.-
In describing the method of procedure in that city
the letter from the Merchants' Association of New
York says: "Any bank in this city which is a mem
ber of 'the clearing-house may make a deposit at the
sub-treasury at its opening In the morning of such
sum as it deems best, for which it receives from the
sub-treasury a certificate of deposit,, in duplicate, cov
ering the amount. ' This certificate shows 1 , that the
amount deposited is to be applied in payment of cus
toms duties. One of the certificates is retained by the
bank, the other being imme'diately sent by it to the
Collector of the Port. Any client of that bank who
has occasion to make payment of duties during the
day can go to the bank and obtain from it a certifi
cate directed to the Collector of the Port for the sum
which he has to pay. The client takes the certificate
to the Collector, who receives the same as so much
cash. At the end of the day the Collector sends all
these certificates, together with a summary thereof, to
the sub-treasury, with the request that the balance of
the sum total deposited by the banks be distributed.
Thereupon the sub-treasury returns to each bank,
generally through the clearing-house, a check for
such balance as remains after deducting the customs
duties paid during the day. In this way eath day's
transactions are completed that day. The same process
is repeated day after day."
It will be seen from the summary of the working
of the system that the plan is not onerous to the
banks, is perfectly safe for the Government and is of
great benefit to' merchants. It is stated that in New-
York the customs duties average $500,000 daily, an.l
the advantage of a plan which enables merchants to
avoid carrying that sum through. the 'streets every
day is too apparent to need explanation.
The import business of San Francisco is bound to
increase rapidly with the expansion of oriental trade,
and it is therefore timely for our merchants to obtain
air the privileges which assist in facilitating the busi
ness.
BANGOR NEWS— The entrance exam
inations for our schools are advanced be
cause the race is gaining in knowledge. '
The boy of 15 is a.°» well educated to-day
as the college graduate was tifty ytaxs
ago.
PHILADELPHIA TIMES— Count Bont
didn't marry Miss Gould for her personal
charms, for she didn't possess any of spe
cial value; he didn't marry her for her in
telligence, for she was furnished with
that commodity on a very economical
scale: but she had fifteen millions of
money, and Count Boni wanted them very
badly.
DALLAS NEWS — There la no reason
why the differences over the. Chinese out
break should not be referred to the court
established for such purposes. In fact,
if this matter Is not duly referred to this
court It would appear that The Hagu**
method of promoting peace win not- l>o
relied upon and might as well be aban
doned.
PROVIDENCE JOURNAL— In the mul
titude of new works of fiction poured
from the press to-day it is astounding to
note how small a proportion can be In
cluded among the novels pure and simple
—that is to «ay, among the pictures of
life and character drawn with the lnaight
of the artist and the perception of the
moralist, pictures that stand in some visi
ble relation to the real world, pictures
that are stamped with the art that la
truly "a criticism of life."
MILWAUKEE WISCONSIN— Chicago
has undoubtedly achieved a splendid sani
tary triumph in the construction of the
great drainage canal, and it has not yet
appeared that In. getting rid of her sewage
by the river route she has endangered th©
health or the comfort of river cities. Sha
is as deeply Interested In the lake ship
ping as any port, and would suffer greatly
in business were the outflow through tha
canal to seriously lower the level of tha
lake. There is therefore no cause for
alarm on the part of other lake cities.
PHILADELPHIA LEDGER— Th» two
great needs of Porto Rico are school*
and roads. Before schools can bo estab
lished in the rural districts passabto
roads must be built, and the progress of
these great Improvements depends upon
the prosperity and the revenues collected.
Fortunately, conditions on the island ar»
improving. The sugar crop is the largest
since 1S02. and one of the largest
ever produced, and the coffee crop, whilj
only one-third that of a full yield, is six
times larger than last year's crop.
INDIANAPOLIS NEWS—Indiscrimlnat
lng effort in charity may be worse than
wasted. Its result to the beneficiary is
not to rescue but to degrade. Its effect
on society is to misdirect, misapply and
exhaust the efforts of those who really
desire to do something to aid the unfort
unate. It encourages and multiplies men
dicants instead of uplifting men from th*
gloom of discouragement and despair.
True charity does not mean to throw
down things to men in the abyss of pov
erty, but to lift them up so that they may
be able to get things for themselves.
CHARLESTON NEWS AND COU
RIER—The men of the Transvaal have
made a great roe for themselves in war
and now the British authorities are vol
untarily conferring a sort of "Victoria
Cross" on some of the boys and women.
"All Boers over fourteen years of age.
near Bloemfonteln," it is announced, aro
being arrested by British troops "to pre
'vent them joining the commandoes" an-1
"man Boer women" ha\ - e been imprisoned
a few miles outside of the same city. It
is a proud record for the boys and tha
women, but it is not one that any Briton
can ever refer to with satisfaction.
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERI
CAN—By making a row over the dis
persal of a few handfuls of coin, tlri
Goulds are likely to discourage the amia
ble efforts of the nob'.lity of Europe to
gratify the American desire for social dis
tinction and destroy the rapprochfme.it
between French aristocracy and Ameri
can plutocracy. They have their Count
in the family, but they should consular
the distressing plight ot other plutocratic
American families, which have not yet
entered the charmed circle of aristocracy
and are eager to buy counts, princes an-1
other European social bric-a-brac at any
price.
CHICAGO RECORD— On© of the Impor
tant features of the reclamation of arid
lands by means of Impounding reservoirs is
the fact that it would be Immensely help
ful to the project of improving the grea;
rivers of the West into commercial water
ways. A system has been devised by a
number of engineers well posted on tlie
subject which shows that impounding
reservoirs built along the Mississippi
River would save many acres of land
from alternating floods and droughts and
would make possible a channel twenty
feetMn depth from Lake Michigan, If de
sired, to the Gulf of Mexico.
CHICAGO IN'TER OCEAX-Scientiflc
interest and the commercial profit to be
found in supplying: the demands of public
curiosity may enable the bison to survive.
But he will no longer be the same em
bodiment of vital power as when he swept
in countless thousands through the val
leys of the Platte and the Republican.
Only those who saw the bison then can
realize how the description of the war
horse in the book of Job applied to him.
His neck was "clothed with thunder." Ha
pawed in the valley and rejoiced In his
FtrenKth. He swallowed the ground in
fierceness and rage. Such was the bison,
but we shall never again see^ him In all
his glory.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
the road hereafter and quit slum politics. Over such
results. there is good leason to feel the highest grati
fication.
\A ANY times has The Call demonstrated * -by
/ \ some striking achievement of newsgatherinij
* the difference between legitimate.journalism
and that fake journalism which does not gather news
but substitutes for it any kind of a story that will fill
space without much cost and please people who de
light in being fooled. Rarely, however, has it ever
made a more striking demonstration of that contrast
than by. collecting information upon which to base
a forecast of the result of the elections which have just
taken place.
It will be remembered that the Call and the New
York Herald "made a careful study of the trend of
public sentiment in all the States, and on October 21
The Callpublished the result of the investigation. It
gave a table showing the probable vote of every State
in the Union. Some of the States, Illinois, Indiana
and Kansas, were then considered doubtful. The
Call placed every one of those States as sure for Me-
Kinley. The result shows they were so. In fact, The
Call correctly forecast the v©te of every State,
whether considered doubtful or not. Nor was the
forecast confined to the Presidential ticket. The Con
gressional elections were calculated with an almost
equal accuracy, and despite all claims that the Demo
crats would control the House of Representatives, the
forecast gave a Republican majority in that branch
of the Government which tallies very closely with the
results thus far made known.
By way of contrast with the correctness of the es
timates of The Call made October 21 the public
should note the forecast published in the Examiner
of October 29, a week later. The Examiner claimed
as sure for Bryan 197 electoral votes, including among
them those of West Virginia, Kansas, Wyoming,
South Dakota and Maryland, which The Call had
placed a week before in the McKinley column, and
which voted as The Call predicted. Furthermore, the
Examiner placed as doubtful New York, Delaware,
North Dakota, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, California,
Washington. Each of those States The Call
had forecast as being sure for McKinley, and in that
respect also The Call has been proven right and the
' Examiner wrong.
The wide difference in the results of the two calcu
lations is due to the difference in the methods by
which the calculations were made. The Call, aided
by the Herald, gathered news; the Examiner faked
a report and published it as news. For the purpose,
of obtaining correct information there were employed
by The Call and the Herald careful and reliable stu
dents of political affairs in every doubtful State and
Congressional district. The information thus ob
tained was worth something. It gave the people a
comprehensive idea of the whole situation, and from
an American standpoint was the* most valuable news
item of the day on which it was published. The fake
estimate of the yellow journal cost nothing and was
worth nothing..
Finally, it is to be noted that Bryan lost this year
the one vote he had in California four years ago, the
ten he had in Kansas, the four he had in South Da
kota, the four jn West Virginia and the three in Wyo
ming. On the other hand he will probably gain
twelve votes in Kentucky, where the election is in
doubt, but which gave that many votes to McKinley
in 1806. Each of these gains and losses was forecast
by The Call. In short, our tables gave McKinley 281
votes in the Electoral College and Bryan 166. In
cluded -in the Bryan column were Idaho, Kentucky
and Nebraska, whose vote is still in doubt. Should
one of these States prove to be for McKinley it would
be the only error in the calculations made and pub
lished two weeks before the elections. Such accuracy
of estimates proves the thoroughness of the news-
. gathering upon which they were based, and demon
strates the reliability of the news service The Call
gives the public.
ELECTION FORECASTS.
. - - ¦ ,- ¦ ¦.»..¦¦¦¦• - ¦ ¦ - .. ¦ ¦ , . . ¦
THE SA» FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1900,
GERMANY HAS A NOVELTY
IN ELEVATED RAILROADS
Some one who has influence with the yellow kid of
local journalism and wishes to bestow a benefit upon
San Francisco ought to persuade the little rascal to
apologize for the outrageous errors of his election
predictions. The public would have the satisfaction of
knowing that the saffron yo.ungstcr would be kept out
of evil ways for a long time
6
begins and leaves off in thous-
ands of people, who never sus-
pect it. It isn't much more
than a pimple — indeed it # £s a
a pimple — lung pimple.
Benevolent assimilation may be accom-
plished In a hurry by means of a bomb
invented by Professor Camphausen of
Amsterdam. The bomb is said to b<5
capable of generating fumes that will
make breathing Impossible within a
radius of 100 yards of the explosion.
AX OPPORTUNITY.— Take advantage of tha
round-trip steamer tickets, only $60 during No-
vember, including fifteen days" board at Hot.«l
del Coronado. the- ideal eummer and winter re-
sort. AppHy at 4 New Montgomery St.. city.
The telescope, so far from beinsr, as ts
generally believed, tbe outcome of th»
famous experiment of Galileo, was known
at least COO years before his time: white
the "microscope certainly dates from the
early part of the ninth century, although
greatly Improved In the sixteenth by
Jansen and others.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tht
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. *
Cal. glace fruit 60c p«r lb at Townaend'».«
AMUSEMEUTS.
Orj)heun» — VaudevJ lie.
Grand Or-era -house— "A Divorce Colony."
Grand Op^ra-house— Maurice Grau Opera Company, Mon-
fiay pveninc, November 12.
Alcazar — "Jjort Para<55i>e."
Columbia— "She StooDs to Conquer."
Alhambra— "King of the Opium Rlax.*"
Tlvoll Opera-house — "Trovatore."
California.— "Whose Babr Are Ton."
Olyrnp'.a. corner Maron and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venire.
Fischer 1 »— Vaudeville.
Sherman-Clay Hall — Piano Recital to-morrow afternoon.
Sutro Baths— Qxx*n nichts.
Oakland Iiace Track— flares.
AD VZK XISEfiTEIJT S.
CONSUMPTION
How to get that health all
round it : take Scott's emulsion
of cod-liver oil and be carefuL
We'll send you a little to try H you Eke.
SCOTT & BO V^E, <"9 l'e«* »i«e«. Ntw Yo*.
Health, all round it, stops
it— just as a skin pimple gets
stopped.SACRAMENTO, Nov. 8.— Governor Gage
to-day Issued the following thanksgiving
proclamation:
"In obedience to the universal and
praiseworthy American custom of setting
apart a day for public thanksgiving and
prayer to Almighty God. and further In
conformity with the proclamation of tha
President of the United States of Amer
ica, I, as Governor of the State of Cali
fornia, do proclaim the 29th day of No
vember, 1900, as Thanksgiving day and a
legal holiday."
Governor Gage.
Formal Proclamation Is Issued by
DAY OE THANKSGIVING.
"Upon April 11, 1893. I bought from C. j
W. Morse 5000 shares of the stock of the '
American Ice Company for $250,000. which
was the face market value thereof, of [
which sum I paid 150.000 in cash by three j
checks and I gave three promissory notes I
for the balance, one for §50,000 and two for j
$75,000 each. The stock was issued to me
and by me delivered to Mr. Morse as col
lateral security for the notes. Subse
quently the notes and collateral were
transferred to certain banks.
"They were renewed from time to time,
the interest being paid by me. Finally
the notes were paid in full by me, with
Interest, out of the proceeds of the stock
as hereinafter stated. I had been a stock
holder in the Knickerbocker Ice Company
of Maine long previous to April 11. 1899,
and had paid for my stock therein $45,
000, which was* the face market value
thereof. I received a printed circular
about May, 1899, from the American Ice
Company, offering to exchange their stock
share for share for Knickerbocker stock,
and I made such exchange. My entire
holdings of ice stock have been sold in
the open market on the New York .Stock
Exchange in various lots for $281,219 15. I
paid for the stock $295,000."
The Mayor says that he did not know
that the company had dealings with the
city, as the contracts were made by
boards; that as soon as he became aware
of such contracts he protested. The May
or cites previous Instances where former
Mayors were stockholders in banks where
city moneys were on deposit, and calls at
tention to the opinion of Judge Dillon that
stockholding is not illegal.
In answer to all charges he says that
each and every one of the charges Is ab
solutely and unqualifiedly false. He
claims that there never was any arrange
ment, combination, understanding or con
spiracy to procure his official, political
or individual influence or assistance for
the benefit of the American Ice Company
or its friends, or for the benefit of any
other ice company. In regard to the ad
vance in the price of thirty to sixty cents
per hundred pounds, he says that he was
not in any way connected therewith or
cognizant thereof, and that he did not
know of the advance until he saw it In
the newspapers.
follows
NEW YORK. Nov. 8.— The "World to- i
morrow will print the full text of Mayor |
Van Wyck's answer to the charges In the |
matter of the American Ice Company. >
The answer Is addressed to Theodore j
Roosevelt, Governor of the State of New •
York. The Mayor says that he does not j
own any stock in any ice company and j
that he has no direct or indirect Interest .
in any such company. He continues as j
Addresses an Open Letter to Gov
ernor Roosevelt and Details
His Transactions in the
Matter. .
Mayor! Van Wyck of New
York Makes Reply to
the Charges.
DENIES THAT HE
OWNS ICE STOCK
MARTSVILLE, Nov. 8.— J. G. Robert-
Fon, for fourteen years engineer at Swain
& Hudson's mill, .was found dead In bed
at his home in this city to-day. An au
topsy revealed the fact that death was
caused by laudanum poisoning 1 . It Is
probably a case of suicide, caused by do
mestic trouble and litigation over prop
erty.
Fatal Dose of Laudanum.
Miss Cora Comstock acted as brides
maid and Olley Nutter, a brother of the
bride, as groomsman. Ruth Wyman was
ringbearer./ /
After the ceremony a wedding popper
was served at the home of the bride'*
parents and the newly married couple
left for a honeymoon tour in Southern
California. They were the recipients of
many handsome and costly presents.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 8.— A pretty wed
ding took place at Soquel last evening
when Rev. George II. Wilson, pastor of
the Congregational Church, and Miss
Harriet Nutter were united in marriage.
The ceremony was performed in tne
church by the Rev. George Movar. The
edifice was beautifully decorated for tho
occasion. . r
Miss Nutter at Soquel.
Wedding of Rev. George Wilson and
PASTOR TAKES A WIPE.
Oresron— Henry H. Chance, Shelburn.
Pensions granted: California— Original
—Sarah II, Newton, Yolo, $6; Frank C.
Ford, San Francisco, $8; James F. Brooks
San Diego. $8. Widow— Martha J. Wood'
Elmlra, $6. War with Spain — Original
Frank Sch-ulte, San Francisco, $6; John
C. McLachlan, San Diego, $17.
Oregon: Widows— Betsy E. Dunning
Forest Grove, $8; Adelia Shadle, Oregon'
City, $8.
Washington: Origlna!— Matthew Miller.
Palouse, $S; Henry O. Dutton, Seattle, J8.
War with Spain— Original— Thomas F.
Darcy, Bremerton. $12.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Commissioned and Ap
pointed, Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. S.-Postmastera
appointed: California— Blocksburg, Hum
boldt County. Harriet A. Blockburger^
vice Mrs. V. Charles, resigned; Browns
Valley. Tuba County, Thomas J. Hlbbert.
vice Byron Burris. resigned; Crescent
Mills, Plumas County. Delia A. Bacher.
vie© "William- W. Hall, removed; Newport,
Orange County, Benjamin M. Watts, vice
Belle Nuckolls, resigned; Port Harford,
San Luis Oblspo County, James E. "Wii
son, vice J. R. McCrodan, resigned.
The Chase National Bank of New York
has been approved as reserve agent for
the First National Bank of Whittler, Cal.
Postmasters commissioned: California
— Belle Kennedy, Plymouth.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (MUsion-strcet wharf) about twenty
ftve minutes later than at Fort Point; the
hrlpht of tide is the same «t both places.
Unlt«fl" States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
¦\Yater3 at Fort Point, ntranco to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official- au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NAPLES— Arrived Nov 8— Stmr Werra, from
New York, via Gibraltar, for Genoa, and pro
ceed cd.
L/IVERPOOL — Sailed Nov S — Stmr Vancouver,
for Montreal.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Nov 8— Etmr Amster
dam, for New York, via Boulogne.
NEW YORK— Palled Nov 8— Stmr Frlederich
der Grossff. for Bremen, via Southampton: stmr
La Tcurair.e, for Havre; stmr Deutschland, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
Arrived Nov S— Stmr Germanic, from Llver
r«ool and <!ue«?nstown.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Nov 7— Stmr
Rlolun Maru, from Seattle.
GLASGOW— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Astoria,
from New York. Nov 8— Stmr Laurentlan, from
New York.
VLADIVOSTOK- Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Eva,
from Portland. Or. lor Hongkong.
QUEKNSTOWN — Arrived Nov 8 — Stmr Bel
genland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
LONDON— Arrived Nov 8— Stmr Mesa, from
New York.
Sailed Nov 8— Stmr Marquette. for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Nov S— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg, for New York, via
Cherbourg.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 8— Stmr Majes
tic, from Liverpool, for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Travc.
from Bremen and Southampton, far New York.
Sailed Nov 8 — Stmr Fuerst Bismarck, from
Hamburg and Southampton, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TAKU— Arrived Oct 26— Ger stmr Samoa, hnc
Sept 26. Nnv 7— Ger stmr Bosnia, hence Oct 12.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Nov 6— Br bark Auld
tlrth, for Kan Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to ~Sov 7— Jap
Btmr Rlojtin Maru, from Seattle.
Sailed Nov Z— Br ship Rathdown. for Oregon.
Nov 6— Br stmr Energla, for Tacoma.
CHEEFOO— Sailed Oct 23— Ger ship C H Wat
len for Oregon.
MANILA— Sailed Oct 25— Br stmr Kintuck, for
Sfattle. via Nacasak!.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Oct 22— Ger stmr Ta
nis. for Hamburg. Oct 30— Ger stmr Neko. lor
San Francisco.
MAZATLAN — Arrived Nov 6— Schr Lena
Sweaxey. lience Oct 14.
BORNEO— Sailed Oct 20-Br stmr Adato, for
Victoria.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN PORTS. .
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Alllanca.
for Colon.
ST L.UCIA— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr American,
from New York, for San Kranciico, coaled and
proceeded.
Sailed Nov 7— Schr Mildred, for Honolulu.
Nov b— Stmr Chas Nelson, for San Francisco;
stmr Senator, lor Anacortes and San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Nov 8— Bark Abby Palmer, from
Honolulu; stmr Stimson. from Redondo.
PORT HADLOCK — Arrived Nov 8— Bark
Coryphene, hence Oct 26.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 8— Stmr Eureka, hnc
Nov 7; schr Bertha Dolbeer, from Newport.
Sailed Nov i— Schr J G Wall, for San Fran
clcco; stmr North Fork, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed In Nov 8, at 1 p m— Br
etmr Almond Branch, from Manila; bark Theo
bald, hence Oct 20.
Passed out Nov 8— Schr Mildred, from Hono
lulu: stmr San Mateo. for Port Los Angeles.
ASTORIA — Arrived Nov S-s^Br ship Morven.
from Acajiuleo. . _
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Nov 8— Schr Mabel Gray,
for Eureka.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 8— Stmr Homer,
from San Dleco; stmr Santa Barbara, from
Kureka.: Btmr Greenwood. ir>m .
Sailed Nov 8— Stmr Homer, for San Fran
cisco: stmr National City, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 8— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco. „
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov S— Bktn
Northwest, from San P^dro: ship Challenger,
from Honolulu; schr vlaweema, from San
Passed up Nov 8— Bark Coryphene, hence Oct
26; bark Abby Palmer, from Honolulu; bark
Levl G BurKess. hence Oct 25.
Sailed Nov 8 — Ship Charmer, for Tacoma.
COOS BAY— Arrived Xov S— Schr Gotama,
hence Nov 2. _
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Nov 8-Schr
Sailor Boy. hence Oct 26; schr C H Merchant.
hence Oct 27; schr James A Garfleld. hence Oct
28: tiChr San Buenaventura, hence Oct 28.
Sailed Nov 8 — Stmr Ncwburg, for San Fran
clsco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr J S Kim
ball, from Nome; Btmr Jeanle, hence Nov 4.
Sailed Nov 7-Stmrs Dirlzo and Al-Kl, for
Skaguey: stmr Ellhu Thomson, for Tacoma.
Arrived Nov 8— Stmr Cottage City, from
Alaska.
UMPQUA— Sailed Nov «— Schr . Lily, for San
Francisco.
USAL— Sailed Nov 8— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
Per bark R P Rithet— Passed the Br ship
Flintshire, hence Sept 23, for Queenstown, 600
miles wett of San francieco. dismasted and re
turning under Jury mast.
SPOKEN.
POrNT LOBOS, Nov g. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind west, velocity 6 miles.
Thursday. November 8.
Bark R P Rithet and Br ship Riverside.
TELEGRAPHIC.
OUTSIDE, BOUND IN— 10 P. M.
SPOKEN.
Oct 17. Ut 87 67 N. Ion 132 38 W— Br bark
Morven, from Acapuico. for Portland.
MISCELLANEOUS.
A launch belonging to the U S quarantine
station Etruclc on a pinnacle rock oft Point
Blunt yesterday afternoon, Nov 7, and sunk
In 8 feet of water. Two men on board were
taken off by stmr Gold.
LONDON, Nov 7— Br ship Chas Coteworth.
at Bristol Oct 31. from Tacoma, encountered
Bale on July tS. lat 37 S. Ion 119 "W. Shipped
heavy sea, smashing gig and flooding cabins,
etc.
The tut Lottie broke down in the bay Nov
8 and was towed to dock by tug; Relief.
Tug Relief epoke bark R P Rithet three
miles outside the- lightship moorings Nov 8,
from Honolulu, for San Francisco.
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. Q. CALKIN8,
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
STEAM LAUNCH BACILLUS OF THE FEDERAL QUARANTINE SER
VICE, SINKING IN SHALLOW WATER AFTER BEING PULLED
OFF PINNACLK ROCK BY THE STEAMER GOLD.
3RiiiGS BLUSHES
TO MRS, GOULD
Secrets of Her Trip on Yacht
Niagara Exposed in
Court.
Fonrer Valet of Howard Gould Tells
of Some Interesting Occurrences
Prior to the Marriage of
the Actress.
?
JCEW YORK. Nov. 8.— New York's Four
Hundred were shocked to-day at the reve
lations concerning two of their members,
Mr. and Mrs. Howard Gould.
More testimony was taken in the case
cf Frank L>. Mowbray, former valet of
Mr. Gould, who sues to recover (25,003
damages for the lostrof an eye caused by
l>r«-mature explosion of a skyrocket
aboard Gould's yacht.
The testimony to-day was rich and racy.
The former valet testified that he object
ed to waiting on Mr. Gould in a London
house when Miss Clemmons was there. _
"1 had to take meals to the bedroom,
he said. "I objected to this as it was de
grading, and Mr. Gould taid that 1 was
his valet, that other servants did not
know, and that he felt he could trust me,
while ae couldn't trust others."
Mowbray said that in the spring of 1S36
while Miss Clemmons was reading in
Wett Seventy-second street. New icrk,
Mr. Gould sent him with some money to
the house. He had some words with Miss
Clemmons then.
"1 told Mr. Gould that Miss Clemmons
had threatened to have me discharged,
paid Mowbray, "because I had been too
friendly with her maid, Rose, and be
cause I knew loo much about her busi
ness. Mr. Gould told me to pay no at
tention to It." . ,
"What occurred about the shampooing
incident?" ,, .
"I was shampooing Mr. Gould when
Miss Clemmons came in and said, on.
Howard. I wisn 1 could Bet a shampoo,
but Marys eon- and I can't .shampoo rn> -
yclf.* At the suggestion oi Mr. V. 0^ 1 *.
gave her a shampoo. I said I didn t k..cr*
much about shampooing ladies, but tvould
do my best. She sat in ai r -,. Gould &, c i?5j l ,J
*nd 1 shampooed her. At dinner £« ?££
to her: 'Kattiryn, your hair Is getting
she said. 'That horrid Frank
has put something- on it to darken it.
Mowbrav was a^ked: "Weil, was the ,
color of her hair changed after you had
f W»i er a shade darker." he an-
ST The d night of his discharge. h« said.
he was in bed when he was called, and,
jumping up. he hastily dressed and went
upstairs. He did not expect to see Miss
clemmons with Mr. Gould at the time.
6h»- said to him. he assorted: "V. ny oian t
you come in a hurry when you were first
pent for? You can go for good now.
Mowbray testillcd that, while he drank
liquor moderately, he had never been in
toxicated and had never been reprimand
ed by Mr. Gould. In explanation as to
hr.w it haprened that he went aboard the
Atalanta dripping wet while at Cowes, he
paid the boa.t upset.
•'We had a lot of bappage and three or
four ni'n in the boat." he said. "Count
de Castellane's valet, who weighs 200
pounds, got in and It upset. We all fell
into the water and we had a great time
rescuinsr the Count's valet."
The deposition of William Robert Pitt,
who was second steward on the yacht of
Mr. GouM, was read In evidence. It was
tak^n last May. Pitt testified that Mow-v
bray was frequently Intoxicated. At the
timo Mowbray was discharged Miss Clem
mons was the gruest of Mr. Gould on the
yacht. She and the young- millionaire
were playing cards In the social hall.
¦\Yhile many women often visited the
yacht. Miss Clemmons was the only one
on board throughout the entire cruise,
¦which v.-as aJonie- the coast of Ensrland
and Scotlr.nd. Mowbray had been ashore
and returned the worse for liquor. He
was fa the messroom when Mr. Gould
called him. He presented himself to his 1
employer and his discharge wzls the re- i
Lock out for the hundreds of
laughs in the comic half-tone
section given free with next
Sunday's Call.
Bodies Eecovered.
PORTLAND, Nov. S.— The bodies of
{Cela B. Nelson and Frank Reif. light
house keepers at Cape Flattery light on
the Wa. K h:ngton coast, who attempted to
go ashore in a small boat during tho
form on October 27, have been found on
the Vancouver Inland beach.
/ •
THE f team launch Bacillus of the
Federal Quarantine Service, was
wrecked on Pinnacle Rock, off
the west side of Angel Island,
Wednesday afternoon and sank
in ten feet of water. William Barker; the
engineer, and Nicholas Paulson, apilot.
the only two men aboard, were taken off
by the steamer Gold, but Paulson had his
left leg so badly crushed that he will
probably die of the injury.
The launch was returning to the Angel
Island wharf after a trip to Meiggs
wharf. It was about 4 o'clock and there
was very little fog on the bay. Paulson,
who is In the employ of the quarantine
fctivice. knew that part of the bay thor
oughly, but apparently through the fail
ure to exercise proper care in steering his
course, the launch struck the rock and
{-•tuck on a sunken ledge hard and fast.
The encine was reversed in an attempt
to back off the ledge, but the launch could
not be moved. Distress signals attracted
the attention of the crew of the steanier
Gold, which plies between San Francisco
and retaJuma, and that vessel went to the
!< The° Bacillus was leaking but Httle. A
hawser was attached to the launch and
the Gold backed away, pulling the smaller
vessel off the rocks. The Bacillus slipped
free of the ledge with little trouole and
tlie Gold attempted to go alongside or her
to take the men off, as it was feared that
the launch would fill and sink. In the
attempt the Bacillus was struck and
thrown over so far on Its side that the
water rushed In at -De cabin windows.
The little vessel filled rapidly and began to
sink. „ ¦'
In the hurry to get the two men off be
fore the launch went down, the acclde-nt
occurred which may cost the life of Paul
son. Barker was taken off safely, but the
tide swung the sinking launch and the
steamer together and Paulson's leg was
caught between them and crushed almost
to a pulp. The pilot was got aboard with
much difficulty and was taken to the
quarantine station.
The Bacillus lies on Its side in ten feet
of water. It is believed that the hull is
damaged but little. The launch will doubt
less be righted and brought to the sur
face.
San Pablo Ban Into Mud.
"Water Front Notes.
The Santa Fe's new ferryboat San Pablo
was unable to enter its slip at the ferry
depot last evening at 7 o'clock on account
of the low tide. It ran into the mud and
had considerable difficulty in backing ofr.
After about twenty minutes' delay the
boat grot clear and docked at the Sausa
lito Blip.
The removal of the lightship has made
lots of trouble. The captain of the Olga
blames it for the loss of his ship. The
captain of the City of Puebla says it de
layed his arrival by five hours. The cap
ta'in of the Mineola says he would have
made port yesterday morning had the
warning elgnal been there, and the ships
Riverside and Flintshire are still outside
because the captains could not find their
course. «"«¦'»»
E R, Frisby, J. T. TVaUcins and H. F.
Flvnn have be«n detached from the Path
finder. They will go East under orders
from the Government.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Tii* Elizabeth Nicholson loads lumbar at
Moodyville for Shanghai; the Fannie Kerr.
wheat to Europe. 41s 3d; the Great Admiral,
lumber at Chomalnus fcr Sydney, 5Is 6d; the
Halewood. wheat at Portland lor Europe,
46s 3d.
Departure of Panama Steamer.
The eteamer Peru sailed yesterday for New
York via Panama with a general cargo valued
at $115,915. manifested as follows: For Cen
tral America, $41,373; for Panama, $4769; for
New York, $69,774. The following were the
principal shipments:
For Central America — 2 cyls ammonia, 10 bbls
axle grease. SS79 lbs beans. 1923 gals beer. 5
tons coal. 96 cs canned goods, 150 cs 9 tanks
ccal oil, 118 cs arms and ammunition, 100 csks
cement, 10 cs candles, 3067 bbls flour, 1&65 lbs
dried fruit. 24 cs dry goods. 3 cs drugs. 10
cs fuse. 122 bxs fruit, 14 as furniture. 327 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 1SS3 lbs hops, 64 cs
hardware. 2S bars 4 bdls iron. 2003 feet lum
ber. 4 bales leather, 2 cs liquors, 31S0 lbs lard,
40 pkgs machinery. 4W5 lbs malt, 76 crs onions,
23 cs 4 bbls 8 tanks oil. 4 cs paint. 774 cs po
tatoes. 119 cs paste, 21 bdls pipe, 13 pkg<i
raisins. S2.097 lbs rice. 9415 lbs resin. 10,000 lbs
sulphur, 25 bdls eplces, 3 cs Etationery. 10 cs
soap. CIO bdls shooks. 137 cs salmon. 25 pkfes
tank material. S bbls tar, 2 chests tea, 68,5:»8
lbs tallow. 152 C6 4 bbls whisky, 21 cs 4334 gals
wine, 4SS rolls wire.
For Panama— 560 bbls flour, 6 cs leather. 13sO
gals vrine, 2 cs hardware, 50 era onions*, 50 en
potatoes, 2 pkscs groceries and provisions*. 16.013
feet lumber, 70 cs salmon, 6 cs canned goods,
1 cs dry goods. In transit — 1750 mats rice, 864
cs silk: value. $4150.
For New York — 120 cs canned fruit. 2» cs 120,
1S0 rals wine, 5001 ctls barley, 7600 pals brandy,
6750 cs salmon. 4 cs whisky, 123 bales racs,
62,154 lbs bone black. 33 boles 12 ca shells.
Wheat Shipment.
The British ship Speke cleared yesterday for
Queenstown for orders with 95.959 ctls wheat,
valued at $96,000, and 31,000 feet lumber dun
nage. va!u». $455; total value, $?6,455.
Merchandise for Mexico.
The steamer Curacao sailed Wednesday for
Mexico with a grencral cargo valued at 152.173.
Including the following: 61 cs assaying good*..
2 cs arms and ammunition, 5 anchors and
chains. 6 pkgs agricultural Implements, 6 cs
acid, 130 bbls bluestone. 645 lbs 12 tins bread,
2f> COO Ibe bone black. 72 cs canned goods. IJ
bdls cordage. 250 bbls cement. V> c* ship chand
lery. " tons coal. 57 ca dry goods, 660 lbs dried
fruit 25 cs druss, 32 cs electrical good3, 55
crs firebrick. 626 bxs fruit. 30 cs fuse, 32;,D
pkgs groceries and provisions, 232 cs hardware.
95 bdls 118 pes iron. 15.750 feet lumber. 8 CS
lamp soodo. 18 c« mineral water. 121 pkgs ma
chinery. Ill kegs nails. 147 crs onions. » pkgs
olives, 4 bdl* oara. 220 cs oil. 163 bxs paste,
107 cs paint, 2S1 crs potatoes, 427 pes pipe. 105
flasks quicksilver. 1600 It>s rice. 4 cs rubber
goods. 17 cs salmon. 332 bdls snooks. 9 bdls
toIcps 40 steel di«*«. 50 ix"» steel. 24SS Itis eodu.
112 cs stationery, 14 cs shoes and findings, 16,003
Tub tailuw. 33 bales sacks. 5 chests tea, 35 ct
turpentine. 44 cs wire goods. 3 ci wngon ma
terial, S9 cs 2 bbls whisky. 8034 gals 10 cs wine.
3G crs window glass.
The steamer San Benlto cleared yesterday
for Guaymas with a cargo valued at SlI.Gtti,
including the following: 65 chests tea, 64 «.*
hardware. 10 cs dry goods. « pkgs agricultural
Implements, 75 ca paste. 50 tins bread, 48 bales
hay. i cs drugs. 8 cs 19 bbls glassware. 4JJ
gals wine. 13S pkgs groceries and provisions.
:. .> axle giease, 2S7 kegs nailn, 6 cs coal oil.
C'rtj feet lumber, 10 colls cordage, 23 bars 1'J
hdlR iron. 70 bales bags. 5 bbls ginger ale, 19
cs v.hisky. 25 cs fuse. E00 bbls cement. 2 cym
ga»o]iii<>. £.00 rolls wire. 25 kegs staples, iu
1<?E« epikes. S cr» furniture, 44 cs paper. 10
<s varnish, 5 cs ell, 20 cs sperm oil, 231S n>>.
' faro.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Thursday, November 8.
Btmr Sequoia, Wlnkel, 15 hours from Fort
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 60 hours from
Victoria, etc.
fc-tmr Alcazar. Gunderson, « hours from San
P^dro.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 20 hours from
Nocdle Rock: bound south: put in to land pa«
e«?r.gers.
Stmr Newport. Saunders. 19 days 21 hours
from Panama, etc.
Stmr Mlneola. David, 84 hours from Tacoma.
Etmr Gipsy, Iceland. 24 hours from Monte
rev, etc.
etmr Scotia. Walvlic. 16 hour* from Rockport.
CLEARED.
Thursday, November 8.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria: O H
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall, l'erklns & Co.
fctair Peru. Pillsbury, Panama, etc; P M
S S Co.
Mex etmr San Bcnito. Bengrochea, Guaymas,
etc: W Loalza & Co- . •
Br ship Speke, Stott, Queecstown; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co.
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson, Hllo; J D
Eprcckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, November S.
Stmr Peru, Pillsbury. Panama, etc.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, Seattle.
Ktmr Grace Dollar. Foten. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, .
Strrr Navarro, Jensen. Bowens Landing.
Etmr Alliance, Hardwick, Astoria.
Rhip Two Brothers. Wilson, Tacom*.
Bark Annie Jchr.son. Nelson, Hilo.
Kchr Glen. Johnson. .
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Fort Rosa.
Pilot Paulson Receives Injury That May
jtfovg a? atai.
LAUNCH BACILLUS STRIKES
PINNACLE ROCK AND SINKS
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 9.
Branch Hydrographic orflce, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
November S. 1000.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
Time Ball.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tho tides
the early morning tides are- given in the left
hand column and the successive tide* of the
day in the order ot occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column the third tide and
the last or rUht hand column" gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
clvtn are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a. minus sign (— ) precedes .he height, and
then the number given is sub'.rttcted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
Bun rises .....' 6:4?
Sun sets , .....5:04
Moon rises 7:37 p. m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1900.
TO SAIL.
7
C5 Time] Time Time Time
p 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» HW| L W , H W L W
§ ... 1:44 4.6 b:07 J.I 12:15 5.9 7:241—0.7
10 ... 2:41 4.6 7:00 3.2 1:03 6.6 8:15—0.4
11 ... S:3S 4.6 8:06 S.3 2:00 6.2 9:0«! 0.0
15 ... 4:32 4.7 9:30 3.3 3:07 4.7 10:031' 0.5
13 ... 5:K 4.9 11:00 8.2 4:22 4.2 10:55 1.0
14 ... G.12 5.0 12:21 2.8 5:41 4.0 11:45 1.3
|L W H \V L, W H W
15 ...| 6:52 6.1| 1:25 2.3 6:58 3.8 ...........
Eteamer. | Destination. I Sails. | pjer.
Alliance ... Portland Nov. 8, »amp7er~80
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. s, n am Pier H
Oeo. Elder. Portland Nov. >. Ham Pier 24
Pomona .... Humboldt Nov. 9. 2 ptn Pier 9
Iaqua Humboldt Nov. I, SpnPlir 3
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 10, 2 pm Pier 2
Zoalandla • Honolulu Nov. 10, 2 pm Pier 7
Emplra .... Coos Bay Nov. 10, 4 pm Pier «
North Fork Humboldt Nov. li. 9 am Pier 1
Coos Bay.. Newport Nov. 11. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Victoria Nov. 12. 11 a m Pier a
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 12, 9 am Pier 2
Coronado .. Grays Harbor Nov. 12. 5 pm pj er ,5
H. Maru... China & Japan Nov. 13, l pm PMSS
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Nov. 13, 5 pm Pier 13
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 14, 11 am Pier 24
Q u «*n San DIpro Nov. 14, 11 am Pier IX
W . Krurer Grays Harbor Nov. 14, 7 pm
Corona .... Newport....... Nov. 16, 9 am Pier ii
Rainier — Seattle Nov. 16 ..
Walla W.. Victoria Nov. 17, 11 am Pier"9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 17 pier 2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Empire Coos Bay jj ov 9
Coos Bay Newport Nov" a
City Panama.. Acapulco " Nov* 9
Mlneola Tacoma Nov' a
Mackinaw Seattle ,*' jjov 1o
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo ,-, Nov* 10
China China and.Japan ' Nov" 10
Xewburg Grays Harbor ." Nov' 10
Eureka Humboldt Nov' 10
Corona ...¦ San Diego * Nov' 11
Iris .. Hamburg xov 11
Columbia Portland Nov* 11
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Nov* 11
Robert Dollar.. Seattle [ Nov' 12
Pomona Eureka Nov' 12
W, H. Kruger. Grays Harbor .*.*.' >j ov ' j?
Progrreso Tacoma .>.; " v ov ' ij
Rainier Seattle "' \- o " -,%
Del Norte Portland ».„" ,2
Walla ¦VValla... Victoria N " ' it
Wlllametts .... Seattle "" jfjjy \l
Ecnlta Newport ,'"" xov 13
Santa Rosa .... San Diego 1 '.*'.'. js,- ov ' 13
Point Arena.... Point Arena " Nov' 15
Crescent City.. Crescent City " Nov" 18
Marlposa, Australia "" «Cov" 18
G. W. Elder.... Portland **,7." x ov ; Jg
Eteamer. | Destination. I Sails. | pjer.
Alliance ... Portland Nov. 8, »amp7er~80
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. s, n am Pier H
Oeo. Elder. Portland Nov. >. Ham Pier 24
Pomona .... Humboldt Nov. 9. 2 ptn Pier 9
Iaqua Humboldt Nov. I, SpnPlir 3
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 10, 2 pm Pier 2
Zoalandla • Honolulu Nov. 10, 2 pm Pier 7
Emplra .... Coos Bay Nov. 10, 4 pm Pier «
North Fork Humboldt Nov. li. 9 am Pier 1
Coos Bay.. Newport Nov. 11. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Victoria Nov. 12. 11 a m Pier a
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 12, 9 am Pier 2
Coronado .. Grays Harbor Nov. 12. 5 pm pj er ,5
H. Maru... China & Japan Nov. 13, l pm PMSS
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Nov. 13, 5 pm Pier 13
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 14, 11 am Pier 24
Q u «*n San DIpro Nov. 14, 11 am Pier IX
W . Krurer Grays Harbor Nov. 14, 7 pm
Corona .... Newport....... Nov. 16, 9 am Pier ii
Rainier — Seattle Nov. 16 ..
Walla W.. Victoria Nov. 17, 11 am Pier"9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 17 pier 2
C5 Time] Time Time Time
p 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» HW| L W , H W L W
§ ... 1:44 4.6 b:07 J.I 12:15 5.9 7:241—0.7
10 ... 2:41 4.6 7:00 3.2 1:03 6.6 8:15—0.4
11 ... S:3S 4.6 8:06 S.3 2:00 6.2 9:0«! 0.0
15 ... 4:32 4.7 9:30 3.3 3:07 4.7 10:031' 0.5
13 ... 5:K 4.9 11:00 8.2 4:22 4.2 10:55 1.0
14 ... G.12 5.0 12:21 2.8 5:41 4.0 11:45 1.3
|L W H \V L, W H W
15 ...| 6:52 6.1| 1:25 2.3 6:58 3.8 ...........
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Empire Coos Bay jj ov 9
Coos Bay Newport Nov" a
City Panama.. Acapulco " Nov* 9
Mlneola Tacoma Nov' a
Mackinaw Seattle ,*' jjov 1o
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo ,-, Nov* 10
China China and.Japan ' Nov" 10
Xewburg Grays Harbor ." Nov' 10
Eureka Humboldt Nov' 10
Corona ...¦ San Diego * Nov' 11
Iris .. Hamburg xov 11
Columbia Portland Nov* 11
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Nov* 11
Robert Dollar.. Seattle [ Nov' 12
Pomona Eureka Nov' 12
W, H. Kruger. Grays Harbor .*.*.' >j ov ' j?
Progrreso Tacoma .>.; " v ov ' ij
Rainier Seattle "' \- o " -,%
Del Norte Portland ».„" ,2
Walla ¦VValla... Victoria N " ' it
Wlllametts .... Seattle "" jfjjy \l
Ecnlta Newport ,'"" xov 13
Santa Rosa .... San Diego 1 '.*'.'. js,- ov ' 13
Point Arena.... Point Arena " Nov' 15
Crescent City.. Crescent City " Nov" 18
Marlposa, Australia "" «Cov" 18
G. W. Elder.... Portland **,7." x ov ; Jg
5
$4.65. Men's $10.00 Suits reduced to $4.65
$6.85 Men's $12.50 Suits reduced to $6.85
$7.90. Men's $11.00 Overcoats reduced to $7.90
$9.85 Men's Dress Suits, $16.50 values $9.85
Men's Bargains.
Boys' Clothing Almost Given Away.
$1.65 Boys' $4.50 Reefer Suits, now ..$1.65
$1.95 Boys' $6.00 and $7.00 Cape Overcoats, now SI. 95
$4.85 Boys' Long Pants Suits, $8.00 value, now $4.85
17c Men's Socks, regular price 3 for $1.00, now 17c
40c Men's Form-Fitting Underwear, 75c value, now 40c
65c Monarch Madras Golf Shirts, $1.00 value, now 60C
We Mention Only a Few of the Many.
> •
Hundreds of Bargains!
November 30th.
But we must stand up and "take our medicine like
men/' as there is no time for us to count up our losses.
Entire 5tockMust Be Sold Before
TERRIBLE BLOW FOR US,
I THIS IS A
This imperative demand of our landlord compels us
to SLAUGHTER OUR HIGH CLASS CLOTH-
ING AT AN AWFUL SACRIFICE. •
Out We Go, 'as We Are
>«eo«9ooea*9«*oee0eo»9co«o««c*9oe««ftQ696««
ADVERTISEMENTS*
SEATS NOW READY,
In Victor Herbert' 8 Latest Comic
Opera Hit.
"the: jxmebr."
FRANK DANIELS
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
STUART ROBSON
And His Excellent Supporting, Company In
"SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER."
Oliver Goldsmith's Immortal Comedy. .
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT
Also Saturday and Sunday NlEhts.
'MATINEE SATURDAT.
COLUMBI^fe
AMUSEMENTS.
FREE DISTRIBUTION.
McBUUNEV'S
KIDNEY and BLADDER CURE!
Watch for announcement In Saturday's CALL.
AMUSEMENTS.
HftftftSM?
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
LOST
PARADISE!
Next Week— Lota of Fun. A. M. Palmer's
Success,
"HIS ABSENT BOY"
GREATEST VAUDEVILLE SHOW ON
EARTH.
THE DXJNHAM"lFAMILY, JESSIE
COUTHOTJI, MAGGIE MOORE,
NORA BOYES, DOLAN AND
LENHARR.PRELLE'S TALKING
DOGS, HOWARD AND BLAND.
WORLD «nd HASTINGS. JOHNSON. RIANO
and BENTLEY.
Reserved Seats Kc: Balcony 10c; Opera Chairs
and Bex Seats 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
RiSaEdi&isfliZia
ALF ELLINGHOUSE. Proprietor and M«T.
Phone South 770.
TO-NIGHT. MATINEE TO-MORROW AND
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
JUST REALIZE. LAST THREE PERFORM-
ANCES OF THE
I B I G SHOW !
KINO OF TBE OPIUM RING
Next Sunday Afternoon— Th« Popular Come-
dian. FRANK TASNERHILI. JR. and Hts
Own Ccmtany, Direct From the Fourte«nth-
•treet Theater, New York City, Presenting
the Great Eastern Success.
"A YOL'NG WIFE!"
POPULAR PRICES
EVENING 15c. Be. J3c. SOe and 75c
MATINEE 15c. 25c. 3ic and 50o
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA SEASON !
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
Beginning MONDAY EVENING. Nov. 12th.
AT
Morosco's Grand Opera House.
MONDAY EVENING. November 12th. at I
o'clock. Gounod's Opera,
"ROMEO ET JULIETTE." (In French.)
Mmes. Melba. Bridewell. Bauermeister: MM.
Ed de Res^ke. Plancon. Bars. Sizes.
Glllibert. Dufrlche, Maselro and
Saleza.
Conductor SI*. ManclnellL
TUESDAY EVEXIXO. November 13th. at S
o'clock. Wagner's Opera,
•TAXNHAUSER." <In German.)
Mmes. Cadskl. Olltzka and Susan Strong: MM-
Van Dyck, Blass, Bars, Muhlmann,
Hubennet. Viviani and Bertram.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrosch.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. November 14th. at 8
o'clock, Verdi's Opera,
"AIDA." (In Italian.)
Mmes. Nordlca. Bauermeister and Louise-
Homer: MM. Scotti. Plancon. Journet,
Maselro and Imbart de la Tour.
Conductor Sljc. Manclnelli.
THURSDAY EVENING. November 15th. at S
o'clock. Gounod's Opera, '"| : '
"FAUST." (In French.)
Mmes. Melba. Bauerraelster, Olltzka: MM.
Saleza. Campanarl. Dufriche and Plancon.
Conductor Slg. Mancinelll.
FRIDAY EVENING. November l«th, at S
o'clock. Wagner's Opera,
"DER FLIEGENDE HOLLANDER." The
i Flying Dutchman. (In German.)
Mmes. Gadski and Olltzka: MM. Dlppel. Bias*.
Bars and Bertram.
Conductor.. Mr. Walter Damroscb.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON, November 17th, at
i o'clock. Donizetti's Opera,
"LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR." (In Italian.)
Mmes. Melba. Bauermeister: MM. Pcottl. Bars,
Journet. Maselro and CremonlnL
Conductor Slg. Manclnelli.
BATURDAY EVENING, November 17th. at 8
o'clock. Wagner's Opera.
"LOHENGRIN." (In German.)
Mmes. Nordlca and Schumann-Helnk: MM.
Van Dyck, Bertram. Muhlmann and
Ed. de Reszke.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrosch.
Good Seats for AH of Above Performances on
Sale at Box Office.
PRICES — Orchestra and Dreys Circle. $X;
Pack Rows ot Orchestra. *5: Family Circle.
13- Gallery. $2: all reserved. B"xes. $40 to $60.
WEBER PIANOS USED.
All the famous cooks pro-
nounce it excellent because it is
tasteless and odorless as well as
pure. Use it next baking day.
S?J— -Jti&The N.K.Falrbank Company,
.J^'jnm^ajy; Chicago— Sole Manufacturers.
¦hSMbJ^Sfa f VZ. mr I Onr dainty t.ooklpt
§0f*Sr>lS9 e "*^ c - 1 -a l'ublic Secret, 71
7HSt&bfaSm> mailed free to anj address. Kor
«g£fi*tiSffiEi' one Jr nlamp «f will »rnd frf « our
KTllWHWMff' 1M pni;n recipe book. -Homo
i^_^BJt^ay Helps." edited by Mrs. Korer.
We will assume that you have
the Flour, Water and "Knack."
Will you try
WHITE COTTOLENE
for the fourth and most impor-
tant ingredient?
"You can't make good pie
crust without all four," said she.
One woman said that pie crust
was a combination of Flour, Wa-
ter, Shortening and "a Knack."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j -,,.,. : .,.^,g|
'W Kaufmxnn etei>s in Lucke's Shoe*." -V
I Rainy= I
1 shoes I
-'.: r'- I
¦':. M
¦' You have the suitable ¦.-;
;\ fldrt for rainy weather, w :;
'¦:; why not have the pUpcr
:•; shoe? We have a ladies'
•'; high-cut lace boot made of
•; fine Viet Kid, with good
: *tout soles (not too heavy)- I;;..
They will wear you well and :i|
please in style and price, :M
% $2.50 a pair. ||
Ladies' Kid Juliets, fur ri"J
:: trimmed, well lined — just the -•;•!
;- ; thing for indoor wear about -A
:-j the house. Price. J?l.oO a []:\
ft Pair- fi-l
:: Boys' school shoes, made
j of fine calf, with heavy soles .;¦•
]p — a new pair free if they don't .•';
»¦¦.¦ wear to please — Ijj-
':'•- sizes 13 to 2 $1..27> i: : :
<;\ sizes 2Yz to S^...? 1 -* 50 V-i;
' *<¦?¦
:•! A 832 MARKET ST.S.F l|
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Matlnoes Saturday and Furday.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
NEWlHffKfl^&WS/ ga-'Aw £ PAMY
ONLY THIS WEEK.
First Production on Any Stage oi Sydney Ro-
eenfeld'8 Farcical Romance cf South
Dakota,
A DIVORCE COLONY.
Evening Prices 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c
A Few Front Rows in Orchestra 73c
Matinee Prices 10c. l£c. I3c. 50c — No higher
NOV. 3D TO NOV. 17TH. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thur»-
fiay, Friday and Saturday. Rain or sbine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 1:15 p. :>'• sharp.
Ferry-boat* leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tn.»
track. Last two cars en train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mcle con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. The3e electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4-4S p m and Immediately after th«* last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
1900— WINTER MEETING— 190L
RACfNG! RACING! RACING I
NEXT SUNDAT AFTERNOON.
Th« Musical Sensation ; of Two Continent*.
The Royal Marine Band of Italy
65— MUSICIANS-55. ALL ARTISTS.
InterpreUnK classical and popular music , and
playing complete . acts from, operas.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
KEMEMBER THESE ARE THE
LAST* THREE PERFORMANCES OF*
THE FUNNIEST PLAT IN TEARS,
"WHOSE BABY ARE YOU?"
With COLLAMARINI as MIGNON.
"Cavalleria" and "Pagliacci."
"Ernani," "Othello." "Mignon"
NEXT WEEK— LAST PERFORMANCES Of
tbe Grand Opera Season.
Matinee To-morrow and Sunday Night.
"CARMEN."
Positively Final Performances of
"TROVATORE."
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAT NIGHT.
*TS VOL1*
OF THE SPANISH WAR.
And MONSTER CAKEWALK.
Telephone for seats— Park 23.
GRAND BENEFIT FOR THE 3ERVICE MEN
BIO VAUDEVILLE . SHOW.
-TO-MORROW NIGHT.
HUNT'S DOG CIRCUS.
CHUTES AND Z00. E^ £ A T^'»
Weekly Call $1.00 per Year
. Between Hyde i
Telepaon. Polk 1133.
PAINLESS
EXTRACTION
i SO cts.
Our $5,00 Plates
fit like a glove
BR.K.L; WALSH
816% OEARY STREET
and T^rfcln.
Makes Meat Co Further
Makes Soup Taste Richer
OF BEEF
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
SAVES MEAT
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For th<» cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Oream of Generation.
Price tl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Reserved Seats, 2Sc; ' Matinee Sunday.
FT^fHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSt.
riouncitt o AdmiMioi toe.
Plo Faccl. Sylvia Puerarl, Cesare Allesan-
dronl. Antonio Vargas. Adelbert and Adelaide
Frank. Frank and Cells Morris and Claire Fex.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. Nov. 10.. at J:15.
Entire change of programme.
Beats now on sale at Sherman. Clay 4k Co.'a
muslo store. - : . - ...
Prlce»-|l. ' T5e, • BOo. '
LITTLE ENID' BRA NOT,
Direction 8. H. Frledlander & Co.
LAST RECITAL. .
Of tha Wond-rful Child Pianist.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
a T> VTTRTTSTfT" kw tS -
WE MUST SELL
NOW OR NEVER
As We Have Only 21 Days Mope.
918-922 Market Stpeet.
f.- v-*-. *' - V'' .¦£**¦'¦" *"'":"' ¦*!* " f *\' : ¦**..**' W -**••' **> "J* " ; •* '"• ? fY> '^^T? . *¦£*?-.** t*.**: 1 * *?• " *-. '*'&" • V "¦ ~JSilence in the Courtl",
"Silence!'.' said the usher at Bow-street
upon hearing somebody say, "Well, what
about it? t It's all right." Then came thS
words: Its a glorious day, ain't it."
Silence, repeated the usher, looking
round the court for the offender, but no
one' seemed to have spoken. "I think
there are workmen above." said Mr. de
Rutzen, looking up at the glass roof of
the court. He was right, it was the voice
of the painters that nad been heard.—
London Chronicle.
The Civil Service Commissioners adopt
ed a resolution yesterday canceling the
examination for painters held on August
17 and ordering a new examination on
December 28. The Board of Examiners
appointed by the commission was unable
to agree upon a uniform marking of the
examination papers and it was Impossible
to grade the applicants properly. Those
who took the examination will be privi
leged to participate in the one to be held
on December 28 without filing any further
application.
New Examination for Painters.
THE CUT-OFF LINE TO "
BE STARTED AT ONCE
Preparations are being made by the con
struction department of the Southern Pa
cific for pushing work with vigor all win
ter, or at least until bad weather sets In,
on the cut-off extension at Ogden. Heavy
timbers are being sent to Ogden for the
Weber River bridges and one glganitc
steam shovel has already arrived. Two
others are on the way. The piles and
other timber for the Salt Lake trestle are
now being loaded preparatory to ship
ment.
A feature of the buliding of this new
line will be the little cut work. that will
be required. At the promontory a dug
way will be made to skirt the hills, whll»
on the west side of the lake the route will
be over ground almost as level as a floor
from a little beyond the water's edge di
rect to Lucln.
The heavy part of the construction work
will be th© getting out, transportation
and handling of the lsiraente quantity of
rock which will be used.
Christian Workers' Apron Sale.
The members of he Society for Chris
tian Work at the First Unitarian Church
will hold a sale in the church parlors
corner of Geary and Franklin streets,
on Saturday, November 10, from 2 to 5 in
the afternoon, and 7 to 10 in the evening.
Aprons of all styles," fancy and useful ar
ticles dolls and home-made candy will be
for sale. There will b* a social and short
musical programme in the evening. Tho
proceeds are to be used In the charity
fund. ¦ . ¦¦
The second installnwnt , of
that splendid serial, "In Male
Attire," will appear in next
Sunday's Call. If you missed
th« first chapters do not over
look this number, for the story
promises to be extraordinarily
interesting. A synopsis of the
preceding chapters | will be
given at the beginning so you
can catch the thread of the ro
mance and, begin to read it now.
An Unwarranted Censure.
The Coroner's Jury called to inquire Into
the death of R. W. Eagles, a railroad
bridge carpenter, who was killed in an
accident near Ripon on November 6, re
turned a verdict yesterday "holding the
Southern Pacific Company responsible
for his death. Coroner Cole refused to
approve the verdict, as the evidence did
not warrant it. The Jury accordingly re
tired and brought in a verdict. of acci
dent.
Eagles was at work with other employes
of the company on a trestle and was
knocked off the trestle by the giving way
of a derrick carelessly handled by the
crew.
Says She Deceived Him.
J.' "W. E. Allen has sued Clara H. Al
len to annul their marriage, which was
solemnized at San Jose. July 23, 1900. Allen
pays his wife fraudulently represented
that she was the widow of William Nich
ols, who, sne claimed, was killed on hlj
way to the Klondike. Her child, whom
she represented to be that of William
Mchols was not begotten in lawful mar
riage. Allen claims, and hence he asks
that his marriage be annulled on the
ground of fraud.
Kelly's Bonds Are Fixed.
Judge Lawlor decided yesterday on the
application of Thomas A. Kelly to be re
leased from the County Jail to fix the
bonds at $4000. The sureties must be ap
proved by the District Attorney. He wa»
induced to do this chiefly on the state
ment of Sheriff Lackmann that the Coun
ty Jail was no place for a man In poor
health. Kelly Is awaiting the result of
his appeal to the Supreme Court against
his conviction on a charge of forging thj
name of a man named Riley to a ball
bond he accepted while clerk In Jud^e
Graham's court.
DOMESTTC TROUBLES
CAUSED HIS SUICIDE
Julius Berenson Ends His Life With
Carbolic Acid While in a Lodg-
- ing House.
Julius Berenson, a tailor 25 years of age,
ended his life by drinking carbolic acid
in the Saratoga House at IIS Sixth street.
Domestic troubles caused the man's rash
act. He had had considerable trouble
with his wife, and when a separation was
Imminent the blow was too great for him
to bear.
Berenson was married about four years
ago. He resided at 2213 Taylor street. In
felicity commenced early in his married
life, and recently matters came to a cli
max and a. divorce suit was spoken of.
The husband received a note "Wednesday
from his wife saying that she was going
to work for herself and that he would be
no longer welcome in her presence. He
went to the Saratoga House and secured
a room soon after 1 o'clock yesterday
morning. The bedmaker could receive no
response when he knocked at his door in
the afternoon, and upon investigation
Berenson was found dead in his bed. with
two empty carbolic acid bottles besid©
him.
On a table close to the corpse were two
letters. One was addressed to Mrs. Beren
son. The other was to Samuel Nebren, a
butcher at Howard and Ross streets, and
a cousin of the suicide.
The body was taken to the Morgue by
Deputies Flynn and Smith, where an in
quest will be held. Berenson's mother re
sides In Boston.
MRS. GRACE CLARKE i
IS NOT PROSECUTED
She Was Arrested for Shooting Her
Husband About a Month
Ago.
Mrs. Grace Clarke, who shot her di
vorced husband, Elmer F. Clarke, at her
house, 445 Noe street. October 13, because
Bhe imagined he had called to take away
one of the children, was discharged from
custody by Judge Mogun yesterday, as
Clarke refused to prosecute the case.
They were the only witnesses, he said,
and ehe was the mother of his children.
The Judge made Mrs. Clarke promise that
she would not molest Clarke again.
Charles A. Bailey, druggist on Grant
avenue, who had demanded a trial by
Jury on the charge against him of selling
morphine without a physician's prescrip
tion, waived a Jury yesterday and pleaded
guilty. He will be sentenced Monday.
EdLward Fogarty. who hired two horses,
one from Powers' stables on Mission
street and the other from Gllmoro's sta
bles on Twelfth street, and sold them, and
also stole a horse from George Ruitz,
baker, Valencia street, was sent to the
County Jail for fifteen months by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday, the charges having
been reduced to petty larceny.
Mrs. Juanita Thompson, who cut her
husband's throat on Kearny street be
cause he had scolded her for getting
drunk, was held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Mogan yesterday
on $2000 bonds on the charge of assault to
murder.
Matthew Collins, the special officer who
while drunk Saturday night- beat S. G.
Kellogg, a merchant on Clay street, over
the head with his revolver and was
charged with assault with a deadly weap
on, failed to appear in Judge Mogan s
court yesterday and a bench warrant was
Issued for his arrest.
A warrant was sworn out in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday for the arrest of
Peter Harkir.s, a bill poster, for battery
upon Mrs. Lizzie Evans, landlady of the
house, 823C Sutter street, where his wife
lives. He has been in court several times
recently for threatening and annoying his
wife. He was arrested on the warrant.
MR. ROBSON'S IS A
BADI/T ACTED FARCE
"She Stoops to Conquer" but an Ex
tract From Goldsmith's
Play.
Mr. Robson has been advertising that
he would present Goldsmith's delightful
comedy, "She Stoops to Conquer." What
he really gave us last, night was only a
mangled farce which had better have
been entitled "Tony the Lout Up-to-
Date." For the first ten minutes after the
curtain rose I thought I must have
strayed Into the wrong theater, for the
opening dialogue In Mr. Robson's farce I
found to be not written by Goldsmith,
but by eome person unknown, who mis
takes vulgarity for wit. After the as
sembled Hodges had, finished their stupid
tale the play proper began with what is
really the second scene of act one. This
inversion entirely ruins the development
of the action, which Goldsmith has ar
ranged in a manner that Mr. Robson is
quite Incapable of improving on.
When we did get Goldsmith's first scene
we found It cut up, boiled down and torn
all to pieces. Coming where It did. It lost
all point and relevancy.
Mr. Robson set his fellow actors the bad
example of introducing gags and all man
ner of Irrelevant horse play. With such
an exemplar they can hardly be blamed
for doing even worse than he did. Mr.
Weaver was the only one who preserved
the spirit of the comedy; Mr. Grattan
was absolutely the worst Marlowe I have
ever seen. Such meaningless laughter and
such purposeless rushlngs around the
stage! Has nobody ever told him that re
pose of manner was the most obvious
trait of an eighteenth century gentleman?
Of the ladles. Miss Mortimer was the
only one who knew her part, and the re
sult was Just what might have been ex
pected from such evident lack of prepara
tion. . ¦
Taken on the whole, the performance
was Ill-considered, ineffective and disap
pointing. Thus to ruin a masterpiece Is
little less than criminal. '
L. DU PONT STL.B.
REPORTS ARE RECEIVED
IN ANNUAL MEETING
The nineteenth annual meeting of the
San Francisco Mutual Loan Association
was held at 518 Montgomery street Wed
nesday, Vice President C. A. Malm being
in khe chair. Secretary Andrea Sbarboro
read his annual report, showing that dur
ing the last year more than $50,000 was
paid for matured and surrendered shares,
and the association has since its organ
ization made 559 loans, amounting to &S60,
512. of which 493. amounting to $743,112.
have been repaid, leaving 66 loans out
standing of the total amount of $117,800.
The directors have only five pieces of
property on hand, owing to the care In
making loans, and these pieces cost the
association only $7000, against which there
is a reserve fund of $2700 to cover any
possible loss. The directors voted to Issue
1000 shares of stock of the nineteenth se
ries.
The following named directors were
unanimously re-elected: President, Thom
as J. Welsh; vice president, Charles A.
Malm; treasurer, A. Merle; secretary, A.
Sbarboro; assistant secretary, A. E. Sbar
boro; attorney, D. Freidenrich; directors —
G. B. Cevasco, James H. Barry, R. Doyle,
G. de Luca and P. C. Rossi.
Kenneth N. Jackson, an attorney for
one of the Andersons, defendant claim
holders in the principal suits, was exam
ined first. His testimony went to ehow
that Dudley Dubois had announced pub
licly that he had advised McKenzie to dis
regard the writs of supersedeas. He also
Kenzle, advised his client that the writ
of supersedeas from the Court of Appeals
was not valid and that therefore it need
not be obeyed. When the order for the
arrest of McKenzie went to Nome there
went with it an order summoning Dubois
to appear and show cause why he should
not be punished for contempt for having
advised against the writ of the court. The
order was not obeyed, and the proceed
ings yesterday were to prove his contempt
and have an order for his arrest Issued.
jobbers have notice
from: commissioners
Tribunal Fixes Date for Hearing
Arguments at Washington Af
fecting Coast Trade Interests.
At last a date has been fixed by the
Interstate Commerce Commissioners for
the final hearing' and arguments In tha
suit brought by the Jobbers of th« Mid
dle West to force unwelcome and damag
ing conditions in transportation upon tha
Pacific Coast for the advantage of St.
Louis and Chicago. Secretary Smith of
the " Pacific Coast Manufacturers' and
Jobbers" Association was notified yester
day by the secretary of the Interstate
Commerce Commission that arguments
will take place In the city of Washington
on December 10.
It is supposed here that there may be
some rebuttal testimony that the Middle
West Jobbers will put in prior to the argu
ments, but there la no positive* Informa
tion on that point. Attorney E. S. Pills
bury will represent the Pacific Coast
Manufacturers' and Jobbers' Association
at the proceedings and the Southern Pa
cific Company and Santa Fe will have
their attorneys,' who were at the hearing:
In this city, to look out for their In
terests.
Physical Culture Meetings.
The Board of Education has issued a
circular authorizing principals to dismiss
elapses one-half hour earlier on the day
cf the grade meetings to be conducted by
Dr. Mapnus, director of physical culture.
The mr-etinps will be held in the Lincoln
Grammar Sr-hool a* follows:
Friday. November 9. at 2:45 o'clock, first
trade; Monday. November 12. at 2:45 o'clock
fo^nd grade; Wednesday. November 14. at 243
o'clock. thiM prsde: Friday. November"i6
et 2:45 o'clock, fourth tfrade; Monday. N"o\-«»m
tf-T 1*. at 3:15 o'clock, fifth grade; Wednesday
N< vetnber H. at 3:15 o"clock. sixth rrade- Fn
flsy. Nnvmhor 23, at 3:15 o'clock, seventh
trade; Monday. November 2S. at 3:15 o'clock
ti^l'th grade.
BKFTJSES TO VOUCH FOB
DEAD HUSBAND'S WILL
The will of John Brown, who died In th«
Napa Insane .Asylum on August 6 last,
was filed for probate yesterday. Brown
was committed to the asylum in May of
this year, and although the will bears
date of February 19. 1S98, having been
executed more than two years prior to
his commitment, in the petition accom
panying the will Mary A. Brown, dece
dent's widow, says she will not vouch for
the testament, and. In fact, believes that
her husband was insane when the will
was executed.
Decedent's estate, which is valued at
$10,000, is devised to the testator's widow
and children, Mrs. Sarah Jane Walker
and William C Brown. The will Is wit
nessed by George T. Hat ton. .»ylett R.
Cotton and Aylett R. Cotton Jr.
The will of John Hammond, who die«i
October 30 last, leaving an estate exceed
ing $10,000 In value, was also filed for pro
bate. Decedent bequeaths one-half of his
estate to his widow. Mary E. Hammond,
and the residue In equal shares to his
children, Martton B-. Effle I. and Mabel
H. Hammond.
By the terms of the will of the late Louis
Schallich an estate valued at $5000 is be
queathed to his widow. Sophia Schallich.
Joseph Vincent de Laveaga has applied
for letters • of administration upon the
$40,000 estate of his deceased mother, Ma
rie de Laveagu. Decedent's heirs at law
are the petitioner, a son: Miguel A. d»
Laveaga. her husband: Julia de Laveaga,
a daughter, and Edward I. J. de La
veaga, a son.
would be a great hardship upon him and
particularly for some of his clients for
whose interests h« 1? caring, and he hoped
the proceedings could be laid over until
next year anyway. He said he would ad
vise McKenzie that the writs should be
obeyed, and Geary also said he would ad
vise McKenzie to the same effect, but
nevertheless the miners had to break open
the boxes and the vault to get their gold.
The reason assigned by Dubois. for the
invalidity of the writs was that they were
signed by Judge Morrow only, and that
he was but one of the three Judges; also
that the Court of Appeals had no juris
diction.
McKenzie was admitted to ball in the
sum of $5000 yesterday mornlr.g. His case
will not be taken up until the- first Mon
day In December at the earliest, to which
time the Court, of Appeals has adjourned.
In the case of Dubois, if the testimony is
held sufficient to show contempt, he will
probably be brought out of Noma over
land.
Thomas Geary and Mr. Gunn represent
ed McKenzie and E. S. Pillsbury, Sam
Knight and W. H. Metson represented the
miners In court yesterday.'
to the military authorities. McKenzie al
ways declared he would follow the advice
of his attorneys, and he continued to dis
regard the writs. As an excuse for his
course he said he had been advised that
the writs were not good, not valid, and it
was not proper for him or for his to turn
over the gold dust. The mine owners had
in the meantime taken possession of the
mines by force, and they were fighting to
eecure the gold dust that the receiver nad
taken from them.
When the second writs arrived, the writs
ordering the arrest of McKenzie for con
tempt, the marshals who took the writs
to Nome took forcible possession of the
pold, breaking open the boxes in which
it was stored. They did this after Woods,
the United States EUstrict Attorney, had
refused to deliver up the keys. Metson
said he understood tnat the District At
torney was in Geary's office when he re
fused to give up the keys, but Metson did
not know if Geary was present also.
After the writs of arrest had arrived
MetBon had a conversation with Dubois,
in which Dubois said he had made a mis
take in advising his client against the
writs and he was sorry for It. He said It
SOME OF THE PRINCIPAL FIGURES IN THE PROCEEDINGS BEFORE CO*
MISSIONER HEACOCK, WHO IS TAKING TESTIMONY IN ONE OF TH
ISSUES OF TILE NOME MINING LITIGATION.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS GIVE A DANCE
Members of Company B Entertain
Many of Their Friends in Mis
sion Parlor Hall.
Company B. League of the Cross Ca
dets, entertained its friends in fine style
Wednesday night -with an entertainment
and dance in Mission Parlor Hall. A large
audience enjoyed a programme of inter
esting vocal and Instrumental numbers
and dancing to the music of an excellent
band concluded a pleasant evening's en
tertainment. The programme was as fol
lows:
Remarks, Captain .T. E. J. Gardener: piano
solo (eelecteii). William SleDevitt; soprano eolo.
Miss tl. Monaco; recitation, Miss A. Conlin
tenor solo. William Ogilvie <A. I* Artlgues
accompanist): cornet boIo. Miss II. McLaln
bass boIo. Roy B. Kay; duet. L. Burris and
H. Todd; ppedalties, George Hammersmith.
The committees having the affair In
chaYge are:
Arrangements— Lieutenant J. C. Klndelnn
(chairman). Lieutenant E. V. Glennon. Sergeant
G. J. McCurty. Bergeant D. OaJdon. Corporal
F. Koch.
Reception— Lieutenant E. F. Glennon (chair
mar), Servant J. McL«l!an, Corporal W.
Johnson, Privates J. L. McWilllams. \V. Carey.
J. Carey. O. Carroll, John Lane, W. O'Connor.
T. CJuinn. J. "Welton, J. Vetterleln, C. O'Hearn
R. Bellnge. 6. Plercy. H. Leahy. R. Kernln.
S. Bovo. T. J. Logue. W. Strickland, J. Gllles
pK E. L. Mara»n, J. Griffln. A. Griffin, J.
Eagin. D. Allwell. R. McCann.
THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
TO BE GIVEN IN PRIZES
National Schuetzen Bund at Meeting
Hears Reports on the Coming
Shooting Festival.
The National Schuetzen Bund held a
regular monthly meeting last night at Its
headquarters, 620 Bush street. Reports
were presented by various committeea
who are preparing 1 for tha great shooting?
festival that will take place In Sheii
Mound Park next July.
Communications from the San Jose Rirla
Club stating that the members were tak
ing a great Interest in the affair and that
the club had voted $100 toward tha causa
were read. William Gltndemajin and N.
Ahrens donated $250 and $100 respectively
for the general prize fund. The prizes
thus far determined on consist of money
that will amount to $16,500 In cash. 130 gold
medals. 200 stiver medai3. ISO gold cup*
and a large number of valuable trap-hie*.
CHANNING AUXILIARY
INFORMED ON SLAVERY
Mrs. Georg-e Oulton Beads Paper
Treating Topic From Histori
cal Point of View.
Mrs. George Oulton read a carefuliy pre
pared paper on "Slavery" at the annual
meeting oj the Channing Auxiliary in the
First Unitarian Church Wednesday night.
Mrs. P. B. Cornwall presided. Mrs. Oul
ton has hppp a director of the American
history section in the course of study of
the Lansing History Club. Many of* her
faetF and conclusions were derived from
th«> study in that connection.
Mrs. Oulton held that the first slavery
known to history was beneficial for It
saved women and children from death,
they being, as an alternative, appropri
ated by fucmon for wive? and servants.
Th^ tendency to spare, enemies spread
through the "pastoral age." Slavery as
en institution was created during the* ag
ricultural ftage. Ancient slavery was a
substitute for immolation^uid had its rise
In Hfmency. In ancient times Chris
tianity, inculcating love fcr the lowly,
di<j much to improve the condition of the
piave.
Mrs. Oulton traced the history of
slavery on the North American continent,
At the close of the reading Mrs. Corn
wall invited the members of the auxiliary
to personally meet Mrs. Oulton and dis
cuss the subject over the teacups, at tha
came time praising the literary and his
torical merits of Mrs. Oulton's paper.
JOCKEY BTJIfX,MAU MAY
WIN DIAMOND RING
Lively Contest for Jewel at Bazaar
Being Held at Native Sons'
Hall.
The bazaar being held at Native Son*.'
Hall in aid of the Star of the. Sea Church
will close next Monday night. Those who
have not visited it will miss the oppoi
tunity of attending one of the handsomest
affairs of this kind ever held in this city.
The attendance last night was very large.
From early in the evening until late at
night large throngs of parishioners of the
church and friends of Father Coyle. ths
popular pastor, visited the bazaar and
spent their money liberally In aid of
charity.
The Oriental booth Is one of the mosc
attractive in the fair. It is presided over
by Miss Mamie Coyle and Miss Klsic
Moraghan. The booth is stocked with
fancy sofa pillows, hand-painted china
ware and beautiful lamps. The young
ladies were kept busy all last night taking
in the money. The "Star of the Sea"
booth is well looked after by Mrs. Shaugh
nessy Miss Barry, Miss Marie Kerwln
and Miss Richards. It is beautifully dec
orated for the occasion and contains many
handsome articles which are to be sold.
In the contest for the scholarship it
looks from present indications as if James
Riley will be the lucky boy to win the
handsome prize. In the Jockey contest
for the most popular knight of the pls-
Ekin Bullman Is in the lead, running easy,
but last night Jockey Logue was at the
fair and made such a deep impression on
the ladles that It is more than probable
that by to-morrow night he will be a very
close ' second. ' The most popular Jockey
will be presented with a very handsome
solitaire diamond ring, that has been
kindly given by Hammersmith & Field.
Every day until the fair closes, next
Monday, there will be. a business men's
lunch served in the basement of Native
Sons' Hall from 11:30 till 2 o'clock by tha
young ladies of the Star of the Sea parish,
the price of which will be only 25 cents.
THERE has been a stay in the
proceedings against Alexander
McKenzie before the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals
as a matter of courtesy to the
.Supreme Court of the United States,
which has now under consideration an ap
peal Involving the jurisdiction of the in
termediate court in the Nome litigation.
The interest in the case has not flagged,
however, for on motion of Mr. Pillsbury
an order was issued allowing the taking
of testimony in the Dubols case before
Commissioner Heacock.
The Xlubois case is one on an order to
show cause why the defendant should not
be punished for contempt of court. It
was charged that Dubois, who, it is
claimed . was acting as attorney for Mc-
related the events of the litigation and
the struggles between the claim holders
and the officers of the law, arid how the
gold was secured by its rightful owners
after the officials had refused to assist in
the matter. He'was examined closely by
Thomas Geary, who is McKenzie's attor
ney, and the cross-examination was all
the more searching because Geary's name
had been mentioned as one of McKenzie s
attorneys in the litigation in the north.
William H. Stetson was the second wit
ness examined, and the proceedings have
gone only so far as his direct examination.
In his testimony Mr. Metpon said that Mc-
Kenzie several times stated that he would
follow the advice of his attorneys In the
matter of the writs. Pubois announced
that he had advised his client to disre
gard the writs, and Metson said he knew
an opinion by Geary had been ren
dered and that a copy of It had been given
Let Qo on Bail, Whale the GoHrt Com missioiner Takes
Up Other Ends of the Case.
Th* Supervisors' Street Committee de
cided yesterday to recommend the pas
s-age of a resolution providing that the
Board of Public Works be authorized to
transfer all old material removed from
public streets and unfit for further use to
the Park Commission or any other depart
ment of the city government as the Board
of Public Works may determine, in the
fare of the fact that this course is not In
accord with th»> charter provisions. Com
znisioner Maguin* and Attorney Gartland
of the Board of Public Works stated that
a lot of old street paving was being
taken up from Sixth. Fourth and Spear
ftreets. and. as most of it was worthless,
it would be a useless expense to cart it to
the Corporation Yard, as the charter re
quired. Gartland submitted an ordinance
providing for the transfer of the old
cobbles and "other street material to a
central station on some unused street,
tuch a* Berry street, where it could be
6old to any one desiring to purchase.
Chairman Curtis opposed this plan as be
ing in violation of the charter. He, how
ever, favored the" giving of the old ma
terial to the Taik Commission or other
departments, though the charter spe
citicaMy provides that all old street ma
terial must be Taken to the Corporation
Yard anil there sold at public auction.
Maguire pleaded that the downtown Cor
poration Yard was too small and the one
on City Hall avenue too far away to com
rly with the strict provisions of the char
ter.
C. G. Hooker urged the Street Commit
tee to take Ktfpp for the immediate im
rrr-vement of Rush street.
George Fletcher. \Y. C. Billington and
H. \V. Jaudin spoke In favor of reducing
the width of sidewalks on Clement street
in the Richmond district, while D. Daug
ers and F. I. Newberry argu«?d against
the proposition. Action on the matter
was postponed.
Supervisors' Committee Would Au
thorize Board of Public Works
to Turn It Over to Park
Commission.
Illegal Disposition of Old
Street Material Is
Recommended.
VIOLATION OF
CHARTER ONCE
MORE IMMINENT
The silken standard that has been the
special piide and glory of the Oakland
Kepuodc&n Alliance and of Alameaa
County Republicans in general will have
to be surrendered, and the Oaklanders are
t-aying they will oo.u with the best possi
ble gra<_«»; and about headquarters in San
Kranciaco the Question of the custody of
Uie banner is a.n interesting subject of
oiscusfcion.
ban t rancisco's majority of 9J60 is so
far Hiieau of Alameda County's majority
tnat mere is no possibility of me 01
ncial count changing the rank of tne
counties in the itepuu.ican column. Ala
nieaa county addea nearly 3UU0 votes to
us majority ot 1SD6. uut dan Francisco,
which tjave McKinley a majority of 46? in
!*;•»>, ruiiea up K.'ti'J toward the splendid
majority given the Republican standard
uearer oy California.
The banner was made in 1SSS. It was
paid for by money raised by prominent
Oakland Republicans, among wnam were
Warden liaie, then Sheriff ot Alameda
County, and Senator Eli Denison. Since
Republican majorities first began to be
fe-i\en, Alameda had btyen the banner
county until that year, when Los Angeles
gave Harrison a larger majority than
Alameda did. The OaK;anders spent $-50
on a splendid silk banner and sent a com
mittee to the orange belt to present it.
Noble Hamilton was . then Superior
Judge in Alameda County and he went
with the committee and made the presen
tation speech. In the course of his speech
he said that he hoped they would soon be
compelled to return the banner to Oak
land and that they would do it with as
good grace as Oakland yielded it to them.
The Los Angeles Republicans banqueted
the committeernen and gave them the
freedom of the city.
Four years ago Alameda County won
the banner back and a committee of
prominent Ix>s Angeles Republicans
brought the silken trophy up, and with
much ceremony It was given into the
keeping of the Oakland Alliance. Doubt
less the alliance will hold it until the of
ficial count makes certain San Francis
co's title to It, and until it Is decided what
organization on this side of the bay shall
become Its custodian.
The Union I>eajnie Club, the Bear Club
and the Phoenix Club have been men
tioned as possible guardians of the ban
ner. Whichever organization be chosen,
It 1* certain that there will be such a
merrymaking over the bringing of the
trophy to San Francisco as will dwarf all
past celebrations over its wanderings.
The Republican County Central Com
mittee of Oakland decided last night that
it would not hold any ratification meet
ing, but would wait until it surrendered
the banner to San Francisco County,
when it would have a little Jollification.
Its Presentation by the Oakland
Alliance Will Be Attended With
Much Ceremony and Merry
making.
Republican Organizations
That Seek to Be Guar
dian of Trophy.
CLUB RIVALRY
FOR CUSTODY OF
SILKEN BANNER
ACTION ON POOL
CASES TURNED
INTO A FARCE
District Attorney Threatens
• to Repudiate an
Agreement.
Feels Annoyed at Not Being Consult
ed, and if He Presses His Ob
jection the Appeal Cases
Will Be Withdrawn.
Th" position of the cases against tfc*
poolsellers for violating th* ordinance
against pooUellmi^ has developed Into
what the attorney for the defendants
characterizes zs a farce, with the District
Attorney as the chief comedian.
When the seven cases were again called
yesterday in Judge Mogan's court Mr.
Collins, counsel for defendants, explained
that a stipulation had teen made between
himself and Mr. Coffey, special prosecu
tor, that all technicalities would be waived,
and a jury trial would also be waived. »o
that the points in dispute could be tested
in the Superior Court as speedily a-s pos
sible. If adverse to his clients they would
plead guilty in the Police Courts and g>>
out ot tne business. With tnat under
standing he said three cases, each havir.gr
a distinct point, were tried and were now
on appeal. If, as he was led to under
stand, the District Attornt-y was to insist
on tiie cases before his Honor being set
for speedy trial, tnereby repudiating tba
agreement, he would insist upon hu
clients being placed in statu quo by the
withdrawal ot the cases now on appeal
and their being tried over again by a jury.
District Attorney Byington said he did
not know of any stipulation till the pre
vious day, and ne did not consider him
self bound by it, as he had not been con
sulted in the matter by ColTey. He would
insist upon a speedy trial of tne cases now
on the calendar.
Attorney Coffey. who had refused the
previous day to take any further charge
of the cases, was asked by the Judge if
he nad noticed the .District Attorney, and
he replied that he had done so some tiuad
ago.
"You are mistaken." retorted Byington.
and Coffey was quick to reply, "You ar«
mistaken, Mr. Byington."
"Mr. Coffey," said Collins, "was asso
ciate counsel In the cases and any stipu
lation made by him is binding 1 upon the
IMstrJct Attorney, who cannot repudiate
his acts. Besides, the restrict Attorney
had his representative In court when the
agreement was mentioned at the time tha
cases row on appeal were heard."
"Leg-ally," said Byington. "I am not re
sponsible for the agreement of Mr. Coffey.
As a matter of courtesy to the other side-'
I might take it Into consideration."
The Judge suggested that the District
Attorney and Collins should wait upon
Judges Lawlor, Cook and Dunne and en
deavor to get them to set an early data
for hearing and deciding the appeal cases,
which would end the matter, and they
agreed to do so. The cases were mean
time continued until this morning.
Later Byington saw Judge Lawlor and
he agreed to see the other two Judges per
sonally and urge them to join with him In
giving the appeal cas^s a speedy hearir.gr.
A brace of Chinese burglars, with th?
skill and cleverness of up-to-date house
breakers, have for the past week Iwen
operating: with considerable «»uceess in the
Chinese quarter. Several nights ago they
entered the Globe Hotel on Jackson street,
and with the aid of a "jimmy" ..orced an
entrance into several rooms. In one of
the rooms, which was occupied by a Chi
nese gambler, they got away with a gold
watch - *w in money and a pair of trous
ers. The following night they forced an
entrance into a house on Pacific street,
near Stockton, and stole some Inexpensive
jewelry and a valuable opium pipe. While
leaving the place they were discovered by
one of the occupants, who attempted to
stop them. One of the burglars whipped
out a long Colt revolver and struck the
man on the head, inflicting an ugi>
scalp wound. His screams attracted \.i\p
attention of a special policeman, but be
fore the policeman reached the scene the
Mongolian crooks had disappeared, leav
ing their "jimmy" behind.
Detective Ed Gibson, who has boen de
tailed to run down the burglars. Is satis
fied that they are accomplished houst
breakers. Yesterday he found in a pawn
shop on Clay street the watch that had
been stolen from the Globe Hotel.
A Brace of Chinese Burglars Enter
Several Houses and Get Away
"With a Considerable Amount
of Plunder.
Work of Clever Mongolians
Who Prey Upon Their
. Countrymen.
OPERATE WITH
THE SKILL OF
WHITE CROOKS
RELEASE RECEIVER McKENZIE
AS MATTER OF LEGAL COURTESY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9,-1900.
8
ADVZETISZMZIfTS.
Something new In the spite fence folly
is r-eported from Elizabeth, N. J., where
en outbreak of virulent diphtheria In a
family Is attributed by the attending
physician to the dampness caused in the
house- by a fence nearly sixty feet Ions;
and at one point ihirty-slx feet hlgn,
built by a next-door neighbor.
tenth Floor. Room 101S. Claus Spreckels Bldff.
T^l^phone Brown 8S1.
Residence. S21 California »t.. below Powell,
San Francisco.
IA/. X. HESS.
KCTA.KT PCBLi: A2O 4.TT0&N£r-lT-Ll'ir.
Price S cents. AlWu-uggrists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD. HE N. 6pria* *C. Loi Angeles. Cai.
Where the Chinese language— written or
epoken— came from nobody knows, any
more than they know where the original
Chinese themselves came from. But it is
probable that the primary Chinese char-
acters existed 5000 years ago pretty much
as they do to-day.
wander when the brain is
tired. Overwork, nervous
irritation, worry and mental
strain exhaust the brain
forces and diminish their
thought power. Feed the
brain, strengthen the nerves
and build up new vigor, vi-
tality and mental power.
The greatest of all brain
food? and nerve tonics is
Dr. Miles' Nervine.
•Several years of slclc headache and
ctomachc trouble brought on nerv-
ous prostration anj for a lon^ time 1
co-iid not concentrate my tnouphti.
After talcing a le«* bottles of Dr. Miles'
Nervine 1 was completely cured."
Mrs. W. a. Thomson,
Colunijui, V%tii
Df. Miles'
feeds and nourishes the
brain and nerves, over-
comes irritation, and brings
sweet, refreshing sleep.
Sold by druggists on guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Ellchart, Ind.
I Vest Values |
II If you wear fancy vests, these vests at $1.45 wffl surely |j
pj interest you— if you wear plain vests, these values ought |3
II to tempt you to try a fancy one. pj
II They come in black, brown, gray and tan in different i|
H patterns j of stripes and checks, made up in double- E|
H breasted style from all-wool material; they are fashion- |h
B able and quite the proper thing for winter wear; New M
H York and Chicago have set the style — San Franciscans 9
H can now fall in line. C1 R C[ enrh *1
B Price of the vests— f|>I«^D Cav * n |
t| Out-of-town orders filled — write us. (%
I SftWOQP^fQ I
H 718 Market Street. t]To the student of general history the
epoch-making aspects of the Seven Years'
War (1756-63) are to be sought outside of
Europe. In India and in America, in the
triumph of England and the ruin of
France, as a colonizing and maritime
power. In this wider field the war marks
one of the great st&ges of modern history.
In Europe it was a struggle for existence
for Prussia and ended in the preservation
of existence with added weight but not
with added territory.
Hostilities began on the sea and in
America, but their extension to the Con
tinent was only a question of time, and
when that took place the aggressive
action of Frederick in striking the first
blow facilitated the completion of a com
bination against him which was a revolu
tion in traditional diplomacy. For two
centuries France and the House of Aus
tria had looked upon each other as natu
ral enemies, but the rise of Prussia had
introduced a new and unlooked for factor
In diplomacy and the penetrating Kau
nitz convinced Maria Theresa, that It was
Prussia and not France which was the
natural enemy of Austria. To win the
help of France In crushing Frederick was
a slow process, but the earlier events of
the war crowned the effort with success.
The Empress of Russia, who saw in the
expansion of Prussia eastward an ad
vancing bulwark to block the approach of
Russia westward, was ready for the com
bination with the design of conquering
East Prussia for Poland and receiving for
it Polish territory bordering on Russia,
By 1757 the alignment of forces was com
pleted and Frederick supported by Eng
land found himself confronted by. an alli
ance of Austria, France, Russia. Sweden
and Saxony to undo the work of a cen
tury of Prussian growth. Not only his
own conquest of Silesia, but all the acqui
sitions of his predecessors since the peace
of Westphalia were to be stripped from
him and divided among the spoilers.
Austria was to have Silesia and Glatz,
Pomerania was allotted to Sweden, and
Magdeburg. Halle and Halberstadt to
Saxony, the provinces on the Rhine to the
ish waters, and upon th« restoration of
Moldavia, Wallachia and other Russian
conquests to respect the religious rights
of their inhabitants. This and some
similar articles proved the entering
wedge, to be followed by a claim of a
right of protection over the Christians In
Turkey. Thus Catherine, a sympathetic
spirit with Peter the Great, carried on his
policy in the South.
A few years later another step in tha
advance of Russia Is made when Cath
erine intervenes in the last contest be
tween Frederick and Austria. The ex
tinction of the direct line of the elector
of Bavaria, offered the versatile and am
bitious Emperor Joseph an opportunity to
imitate Frederick's policy in regard to
Silesia. The tables, however, were turn
ed and Frederick appears in the solemn
role of a defender of the peace of the em
pire and of the minor states, and In par
ticular the supporter of the claim of a
collateral line. Forces were massed on
both sides, but before blows were struck
Catherine Intervened. plavin«r the part in
German politics of Richelieu In the pre
ceding century. Nothing could more
completely establish Russia aa one of the
great powers of Europe than Imposing her
arbitration between Prussia and Austria.
Joseph had to content himself -with an
nexing only a smaJl section of Bavaria,
the "quarter of the inn." comprislnsr
about 200 square miles and SO.OOO people
(1773> and the residuary claim of Prus
sia to Anspach and Baireuth was recog
nized. ,
Catherine's attention now turns srmth
ward again, and In 17W she annexed the
Crimea, Next. In conjunction with the
Emperor Joseph, she attempted the ex
pulsion of the Turk from Europe (17S9-92).
Her ultimate design was the restoration
of a Greek Christian empire, with her sec
ond grandson on the throne: her actual
achievement the conquest of tha terri
tory lying between the r>niester and the
Bug. Joseph had Joined In this enterpris3
on condition that he should have Servia,
Bosnia, Herzegovina. Moldavia and Wal
lachia and Dalmatla. One cannot help
feeling that the success of this grand
project would have been a blessing to tho
people of Turkey and have saved Europo
much wrangling and bloodshed for the
next century and more.
Under the Inspiration of the enlightened
philosophy of the eighteenth century the
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
WAR GEOGRAPHY OR EUROPE.
PRUSSIA'S STRUGGLE FOR EXISTENCE.
SCENE AT THE DOLLS' RECEPTION. "WHICH IS DRATVTNG LOCAL SOCI
ETY TO THE ROOMS OF THE WOMAN'S EXCHANGE TO ADMIRE AND
PURCHASE.
THE NEW SEAGOING TORPEDO-BOAT DESTROYER LAWRENCE, NAMED AFTER ONE OF THE HEROES OF
THE EARLY AMERICAN NAVY, SUCCESSFULLY LAUNCHED AT THE FORE RIVER SHIP YARDS IN MAS
SACHUSETTS. : =
EAST BRAINTREE. Mass., Nov.
8.— The sea-going torpedo-boat'
destroyer Lawrence was launch
ed yesterday at the yard of the
Fore River Engine Company. A
thousand Invited guests were present, but
they made a small crowd In comparison
with the thousands that lined the banks
of the river.
The Lawrence was lowered into the
water in a cradle and Just as the wind
lass allowed her to. move out of the shed
Hiss Ruth Lawrence of New York
cracked a bottle of champagne over tho
craft's sharp nose and whispered "Law
rence."
The Lawrence was named in honor of
Captain James Lawrence, who was born
In Burlington, N. J.. October 1. 1781, and
died of wounds received In the action be
tween the Chesapeake ana Shannon, four
days after that battle. He entered the
navy in 1798 as a midshipman and waa
made a lieutenant four years later. Law
rence was at one time first lieutenant of
the Constitution and afterward, while in
command of the Hornet, defeated and
The Lawrence is 242 feet 3 Inches in
length. 23 feet 3 inches extreme beam and
has a draft of 6 feet 2V4 inches on a dis
placement of 400 tons. It is fitted wi'h
twin screw vertical inverted triple ex
pansion engines and water tube boilers,
estimated to give a speed of 30 knots on
8400 indicated horsepower. The normal
coal supply Is thirty-four tons, but the
vessel has a bunker capacity for 115 tons.
The torpedo equipment consists of two
long lS-inch Whltehead torpedo guns, one
aft of the after conning tower and one
amldahlp, but both on the center line of
the ship. The battery consists of two 14
pounder rapid-fire guns and five 6-pounder
rapid-fire guns. The complement consists
of four officers and sixty-nine men. for
whom • there are provided three 20-foot
whaleboats and one 18-foot folding boat
located in chocks and on davit* along the
Bide of the vessel.
low gave those celebrated instructions.
"Don't give up the ship." This encounter
had only lasted fifteen minutes, yet the
Chesapeake had forty-eight killed and
ninety-eight wounded. Her force thus de
pleted she could make no further resist
ance and was captured by the Shannon
and towed to Halifax. Lawrence died dur
ing the voyage and was buried by the
British in Halifax with military honors.
sunk the Peacock, for which Congress
bestowed a gold medal upon Lawrence
and a silver one upon each commissioned
officer under his command. This success
also secured for him the rank of captain,
with the command of the Chesapeake,
then fitting out in Boston (1813). On tna
morning of June 1. 1813, the British ship
Shannon appeared off Boston, challeng
ing the Chesapeake to combat. The two
ships were, po far as sire and battery
were concerned, very equally matched,
but Lawrence was badly handicapped by
having a disorganized crew and was also
short of officers. However, he was willing
to accept the odds rather than appear
cowardly.
The Chesapeake weighed- anchor and
stood out to sea " to .meet -the Shannon,
whose crew was thoroughly disciplined
and had been continually exercised with
the expectation of this meeting. The ships
maneuvered until they were yardarm to
yardarm when the encounter became te>
rlflc, broadside following broadside. In tho
midst of which Lawrence fell, mortally
wounded. The Chesapeake became un
manageable and a raking lire from the
Shannon cleaned her upper deck of every
commissioned officer. In the midst of
such carnage and destruction Lawrence
never faltered, but as he waa carried be-
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger ' will deliver the
second of his series of "Plain Talks to
Plain People" this evening at Temple
Emanu-El, taklng>s his 'subject, "The
Evil That Men Do."
The Evil That Men Do.
Ed. Borein will have some- -
thing to say about The Great -
Indian Hunt in next Sunday's '
Call — and best of all the story *
will be illustrated by himself. -
The cowpuncher artist draws -
subjects of this kind better"
than any? other man in the
United States. Sis work is *
unique. . «
When Among Pleasant People
Do as pleasant people do— drink Evans" Ale or
Stout. Any dealer anywhere will supply you. •
taken to the Railroad Hospital at Four-
serious accident Wednesday night. Ho
lives on Twenty-sixth street near Guer
rero, and about 11:45 o'clock, while on his
way to report for duty &i the Seventeenth
street station, he ran to catch a car at
Twenty-sixth and Mission streets. While
running his revolver fell out of his pocket
and was discharged, the bullet striking
his left leg near. the shlnbone. He was
POLICEMAN POTTER
SERIOUSLY WOUNDED
While Running for a Oar His Revol
ver Dropped From His Pocket
and Exploded. !
Policeman Henry N. Potter met with a
Accidents of this kind are not uncom
mon among policemen. About two years
ago Policeman Lycett was running to
catch a car and his revolver fell out of
hl« pocket, the bullet lodging In his leg.
He Is not yet fully recovered from the
effects of the wound, although on duty.
Policeman Lyons, while running after a
Chinaman in Chinatown some months ago,
met with a similar accident.
teenth and Mission streets and Dr. Ogden.
who attended him, said it would be five
or six months before he would be able
to report for duty again.
Mabel Ehuman, "also known as Maud
Spencer," a* she alleges in her petition, a
lodging-house keeper In ¦ this city, filed a
petition In Insolvency In the United States
District Court yesterday. She owes $4348
and has no assets. She claims as exempt
$250 worth of wearin* apparel. Amon*
the liabilities Is a note held by Anna
Jacobson for $2156, which note, the peti
tioner declares, "was obtained by the
holder by means of false representations
and wholly without any consideration
ii lnil i in " HiTrHliilPilWiliW HIM
Maud Spencer Bankrupt.
Important Conference for the Pur
pose Is Now Being Held in
Washington.
WASHINGTON. Nov. g.— An important
conference is b*>lng held In this city, at the
headquarters of the American Federation
of Labor, the following participating:
James O'Connell, representing the Inter
national Association of Machinists: Rob
ert Kerr. the International Brotherhood
of Blacksmiths; W. J. Gilthorpe, Inter
national Brotherhood of Boilermakers
and Iron Shipbuilders: Martin Pox. the
Ironmolders' Union of North America: I*.
R .Thomas, the Patternmakers* League
of North America; John Mulholland. th«
Allied Metal Mechanics' National Asso
ciation; YA J. Lynch, the Metal Polishers'
and Brans Workers' International Union;
C E. Sherman, the Metal Workers' Inter
national Union, and Samuel Gomperg,
representing the local metal trade unions,
representing in all 300.000 metal workers In
the United States and Canada. The con
ference Is held with a view to the forma
tion of an International Metal Trades As
sociation, composed of the above named
trades organizations.
The plans outlined at the conference
will be presented to the meeting of rep
resentatives of the above named organi
zations during the convention of tho
American Federation of Labor at Louis
ville. Ky., when the organization will be
completed. Another meeting of the con
ference will be held at the federation
headquarters to-morrow.
METAL-WORKERS PLAN AN
INTERNATIONAL UNION
Miss Edna Stoning, employed In a
bakery at €37 Broadway, nearly died from
the effects of some poisonous substance
ehe swallowed last night. The prompt
attention given her by several physicians
In the neighborhood saved her life.
Soon after 6 o'clock a baker employed
Sn the plajre rushed to the Central police
station and said MIfs StelMng hid at
tempted suicide by taking strychnine. He
E.ild he had received this information
from the proprietrpFs of the shop. An
cmbulsnce was called, but the woman re
fjped to po to the hospital.
The steward on the amhuhnce learned
that the ¦woman had attempted to commit
fuicide by taking chloroform. When
questioned aJx>ut the affair the employer
of the poisoned woman, after cautioning
everybody not to say anything to the
newspapers. «ald Miss Stelling had taken
a «1ofc of some wrong medicine by mis
take.
the Illness of Miss Edna
Stelling.
Conflicting Stories as to What Caused
TOTJNG WOMAN NEAELY
DEES FROM POISONTNG
Morton V. Moore, settling clerk for th.^
bank. Identified a column of figures on a
fhcet that was prepared for and sent to
the clearing-house as having been made
by himself. He explained the details oi
making up the sheets for the clearing
house. Then, one by one, he identified
the sheets made up for the banking day.
ih Ootolx*-. Mr. Moore testified that two
figures in the sheets made up for Octo
ber 15 had been changtd. The figures ?13
th>y stood were not his. He did not know
who had made the changes. It was
brought out that the sheet had been In
the possession of Alvord, aa it had been
made up by Moore.
Cashier William Reed of the First Na
tional Bank was the next witness. He
said that the last time the bank had an
f-xamination was on October 15. He had
no. personal knowledge- of any report of
the exct-jjtion.
Whiting E. Snow, assistant cashier of
the First .National Uank, said he had
known Alvord twenty years, the past ten
of which he had been the note teller of
th«> First National Benk. He explained
in detail the duties of the note teller and
the bank's clearing-house transactions.
He explained the balance sheets, which
= howed a shortage oi $630,000 in Alvord's
department. The flgrurcs -showed that th?
shortage varied, and that from October
10 to October 13 It was $700,000. AlvonTs
attorney led Snow to admit that since
the latter first became an officer of the
bank, two years ago, lie had never known
officers of the bank to examine the assets
of the Institution.
NEW" YORK. Nov. S.— Cornelius L.. Al
vord Jr., the former note teller of the
First National Bank, who is accused of
tmbezzllr.g VJOO.'K'O of the bank's funof-.
was arranged before United States Com
missioner Shields in the criminal branch
of the United States Circuit Court to-day.
Named in Honor of the Famous Captain^ of the
Chesapeake Who Cried "Don't Give Up the Ship."
Witnesses Explain Details
of the Embezzler's
Method.
TELLER ALVORD
I S ARRAIGNED
UNCLE SAM'S NEW TORPEDO BOAT
DESTROYER LAWRENCE LAUNCHED
The members of the party who are at
the Occidental ar<> A. B. Cartizer C
Wagner. I Watts. B. Jokway. D. \\>dd<rl
T. Bush. S. Thurston. Ft. Etarr. A. Stub
ling. C. Payne. F. Zigler. R. Goodrich R
Smith. L. KaarslxTg. L. Goodrich. <;. Mc^
Arthur. W. Scott, Joseph l.uckey and
Frar.k Dunn.
The ftT5=t game will b* played with Stan
ford Saturday at Palo A '.to. Affr a
coupl*» of days at Stanford th» boys will
po to Berkeley, whore th*y will play the
University of Nevada, probably "next
Thursday. The University of California
will be played two days later. Th* boys
may stop at Ashland before returning
home.
Th* men are all ir. coo<i condition and
Captain Zigler Baya he i? confident that
his men will make it warm for their op
ponents. Coach Kaprsh^rsr is with the
ti>ara and he has put th^m through a svs
tematic course of d^ve'.opmfnt. The
eleven is practically the only college team
in Oregon this year.
Th« football team of the University of
Orejron arrived in th*» <ity last evening.
The players w*re accompanied by several
members of the university faculty and all
ere at the Occidental. This is the second
time the Oregon University ha? sent a
team to California, ar.>1 the boys have
c-ome prepared to tak» everything in
Fight. A year njro they playpfl an excitlrg
pam»? with Bcrk*>!fy and wf-re defeated,
but if the work of the t<>am thus far this
FPaFan Is to h<? tnkf-n as a criterion, the
result may be reversed.
Will Play Stanford, University of
I« T evada and the Berkeley
Boys.
UiavTESITY OF OREGON
SENDS CRACK TEAM HEBE
THE doll show of the Woman's
Exchange was opened yesterday
with t-very prospect of bfing tho
most interesting and successful
affair of its kind ever held in
this city.
When the exhibition opened yesterday
there were more than 100 entries and by
to-day it Is expected that many more dolls
will be on exhibition. The rooms where
the show took place were thronged all
day with doll lover* who gazed at the
waxen be'les. and selected their favorites.
The dolls are all of local manufacture
and reveal great possibilities in doll gar
ments-. They wear every species of garb,
opera cloaks, tea gowns, evening dress,
tailor mades, all In the latest fashion.
The prices range from $20 to $2 50 accord
ing to the dressing.
Mrs. J. C. YVestcott is the exhibitor and
dresser of a family of baby dolls which
eay "papa" and "mamma" in quite a real
istic manner. Miss Madeline Anderson's
outfit of doll ciothes excited much atten
tion and was quickly sold. Miss Anderson
also has on show some beautifully dressed
dolls which are fcmong the feature of the
exhibition.
Mrs. Eva Braid's worsted dolls in suits
of knitted wool also .are an Interesting
feature and occupy a-^romlnent place.
A giant "Yellow Kid" doll made by Mrs.
A. M. Reynolds catches the eye of new
comers as it stands near the door, and Is
a very clever piece of work.
Three rag doll sisters are shown by
Mrs. A. M. Reynolds.and are looked on as
revelations in the art of rag doll making.
A few years ago a rag doll was a rag doll
and nothing more, but these dolls wear
confections In creamy lace and silk, and
look Just as attractive as their sisters in
wax.
Mrs. E. L. Covey sends several rag dolls
all the way from Los Angeles, which are
very pretty and make a pretty exhibit.
The show is intended to be an annual
affair and every one concerned is working
hard to make It a conspicuous success.
The ladles in charge are: Mrs. I* McKln
istry. Mrs. S. Lilienthal, Mrs. A. . T.
Spotta and Miss Grace Unger.
Will Improve Winnemucca.
Francis Smith, "W. W. Montague, Jo-
seph M. Quay, Horace Davis and F. W.
G. Maehus have incorporated the Winne
mucca Water and Light Company. The
capital stock Is $100,000, of which $500 ha3
been subscribed.
Though Miss Harrtgan was elected In
1871. sh* has been placed at the bottom of
the forepoing substitute list upon her
written request, fhe having declined to
taite charpe <-.f the sixth grade in the
Everett School, to which the board as
tlgned here. Mark says that verbal re
quests mad<» by teachers to be placea
on the substitute list in preference to be
ing assigned to a class will not be enter
tained by the board. In future these re
quests must be filed In writing. The
cay unassigned list, which Mark says
will ultimately be abolished entirely as
promotions from it are mad». 1? now con
stituted as follow*:
Miss E. Cleery. MIjf A. Murphy, appolntefl
February 23, *SS£; M'.f* M. A. Owen, Misa F.
Earrfneter., Miss B. Millhor.e. Miss I. Hem
rclrxwsy. Mis* M. Liner, Mis=s A. E. Bryant,
Mi«s N. Krt\ M'.f!" A. Thomas. II'.ps F. Fen
ton. Mis* A. C. Griffith. Miss E. Holme*.
Miss R. Ca5sasa. Mi*s R. F. Lew!*. Ju'y 27,
IKS: Miss M. Dowiias. Miss E. Cmckham.
Mrs. I. D. Ostrom. Miss M. McCarthy. Mrs.
L. B. TiiSifU. Auru« 10. W: KIM M. Con
roy. Ptttember 14. ?SSS; M!*s L. T. Fowler
f<W.rps r.rt to substitute). June 27. 1RB4; Miss
A. E. Little declines to substitute*. April I,
Ittl; Un. B. Bohnes. November 7, 1SSS.
Mn. I. r>. R*fT«, elected Februarx IB. IS*"."
Misa M. Ba;::e, June 9, 1S3T; Mr«. M. E. Miel.
July X. 107; MiM May OBrltn. August 11.
1KC: Miss V. Cassldy, August 11. 1S3?: MJss L.
fcrft'.thaoti. September S. 1**7; Miss N. Gainbltz.
January 12. lfcSS; Miss E. G. Sullivan. January
12 1SSS- Mlts J. McDonald. January 26. lS9s;
Kin E. Hawkins, January 1' 3S : MlM M -
F. Mocney. January "«. 1S9S; Miss M. Nolan.
February "3. U38; Miss M. A. Wrigrht, February
T3 Ziifi; Mis* K. Stack. February Ci, 1S&S; Misa
M'. .A- Harridan. Pept^reber 12. 1S71.
The board has decided not to inaugurate
us civil service system for appointment
of teachers until nearly ail the teachers
en the day imatsigned list have been as
signed to classes after, of course, serving
on the substitute Hsu Only then will the
civil service test be applied to applicants
for teachers' positions. The successful
cr.es will then be placed on what will
hereafter be kno^n as the eligible list.
Those on this list will be called upon to
substitute and will be in line for promo
tions to regular positions.
ilark cays the board does not contem
plate at the present time the assignment
cf any more teachers unless in cases of
death or leaves of absence. It is quit*
probable, however, that beginning with
next year come assignments will be made
In that event selections will be made in
chronological order from the following
list of substitutes:
The Board of Education has made up
Jts mind to do away with the day un
&s?igned list before the end of the present
s-chool term. President Mark said yesterday
that it was the intention to have only a
substitute or eligible list of tea-chers.
from which promotions In the department
will be made. Mark is of the opinion
:h;it nearly all of the present substitutes
m iU have been regularly assigned to po-
by next June and the teachers on
the day unasslgned list will be pro
moted to the places thus vacated on the
substitute list.
After All Promotions Have Been
Made to Substitute Positions
Civil Service System Will
Be Inaugurated.
Board of Education Decides
on Innovation in the
Department.
WILL ABOLISH
DAY UNASSIGNED
TEACHERS' LIST
Pcllsh nobles and middle classes began
the introduction of political reforms
which should strengthen the powers of
the King and rid the country of the old
anarchy. But the self-regeneration of Po
land was the last thing that Catherine
wanted and under her Instigation a party
of obstruction was formed which invited
her intervention. The King of Prussia
saw the long-wtshed-for opportunity to
secure Danzig and Thorn, and while the
hands of Austria were tied by war with
France Joined Catherine in the second
partition of Poland (1792-93). At tha
sword's point the Polish diet had to ratify
this dismemberment of their country just
as the dawn of a better day appeared.
Russia took a north and south slice about
250 miles wide, with a population of about
3.000,000, mainly Russians and Lithuan
ians. The share of Prussia comprised
Danzig and Thorn and a tiianarular sec
tion extending northeast from Silesia as a
base and lying south of the annexation of
1772. It comprised about 20,000 square
miles and a population of a million and a
half, mainly Poles.
Two more years and the end came. The
Polish rising under Kosclusko was crush
ed and the remainder of the kingdom was
divided among Russia. Austria and Prus
sia. Again Russia extends her bounda
ries westward, this time about 130 miles,
and getting a large stretch of the Baltic
coast. The boundaries of Prussia proper
(old East Prussia) were pushed east and
south about seventy miles, taking In War
saw, while Austria secured West Galicla.
. In this extinction of Poland Russia was
the final gainer, for into her hands in
less than a generation came the share*
of Austria and Prussia in the third parti
tion and all but a small part of Prussia's
in the second partition.
EDWARD G. BOURNE.
Tale University.
elector Palatine, while trance was to con
tent herself for vast expenditures for the
cause of Austria with two harbors in The
Netherlands.
But as the efforts to parcel out the pos
sessions of Spain and Austria had failed,
so this project to dismember Prussia
came to naught.
The treaties at its close left the territor
ial boundaries undisturbed and Frederick
emerged from this life and death struggle
one of the greatest figures In history. For
the next hundred years Prussia is the
equal rival of Austria for the leadership
of the German people.
A moment's glance may bo given to the
last territorial acquisition made by France
under the old monarchy, interesting for
the double reason that it made Napoleon
Bonaparte a French citizen and because
of the analogry to our annexation or the
Philippines. The republic of Genoa, en
gaged in a hopeless effort to reduce the
Corsicans, who were struggling for inde
pendence under their heroic leader, Paoli.
invited the aid of France. For a time the
French held the coast towns while Paoll
controlled the interior. Finally, despair
ing of suppressing the insurrection, the
Genoese, preferring to see Corsica ab
sorbed by another power than indepen
dent, urged France to take over the island
(1768). Although Choiseul, the French
Minister, had advised Genoa to grant the
island independence, he would not refuse
an offer so advantageous to France. At
first unwilling to pay for the privilege of
putting down an Insurrection, he finally
agreed, out of pity for the Genoese, to
make them an annual grant for ten years
amounting In all to the equivalent of per
haps cne million dollars. The Corstcans.
resenting "to be sold like sheep," made a
heroic but hopeless struggle for indepen
dence against the power of France.
Before the entrance of Russia into Euro
pean politics the balance of power had
been adjusted by using the minor states
of Italy and Germany as make-weights,
but the steady encroachment of Russia
toward the west and south Imperatively
raised the question of the fate of Turkey
and Poland, in which Prussia and Aus
tria were vitally concerned Unity of
race (the Slavic) would facilitate Russian
absorption of Poland, and unity of both
raoe end religion would make the Czar
the champion and incorporation with Rus
sia the goal of the oppressed population
of European Turkey. Consequently,
henceforth the balance of power in East
ern Europe will be adjusted at the ex
pense of Poland and Turkey. This new
phase of European state growth was
brought into a glaring light by the delib
erate Rnd cold-blooded partition of over
one-third of Poland among Russia. Aus
tria and Prussia in 1772. The immediate
occasion was the Russian conquest of
Moldavia and Wallachia in the war with
Turkey, which excited the apprehensions
of Austria and seemed likely to precipi
tate war between Austria and Russia. To
avoid this issue, which would inevitably
involve Prussia. Frederick urged the Em
press Catherine to take a section of Po
land Instead: he in turn, in compensation
for his subsidies to Russia, would take the
portion lying north of Silesia and between
Pomerania and Prussia (so-called West
Prussia), and they both would secure the
acqulercence of Maria Theresa by approv
ing the appropriation by her of a third
section. Maria Theresa consented with
compunctions of conscience and after vain
(suggestions of alternatives.
Frederick obtained West Prussia, which
filled up the gap between Pomerania and
East Prussia, and made that outlying
possession more defensible. The popu
lation was German and Polish, and num
bered Fomewhat less than 1,000,000.
Strategically his share, although the
smallest, was the most valuable. The
Phare of Austria comprised Red Russia,
Lodomeria. part of Podolla. etc., with a
population not far from 2,000,000, mainly
Polish. From an economic point of view
It was the most valuable of the three sec
tions. Russia put up with the region east
of the Dwina and the Dnieper, populated
by Russians to the number of 1,500,000. Po
land was stripped of about one-third of Its
resist. The Western powers looked on un
easily, but without effective protest. A
mere flagrant violation of public right had
never been seen in. modern times. A
precedent for the conquests of revolu
tionary France and of Napoleon had been
established. Frederick's view was com
pletely divested of moral considerations
and he mercilessly ridiculed Maria
Theresa's compunctions of conscience and
with characteristic cynicism commented
on this union in plunder: "She wept and
she took. The Empress Catherine and I
were highway robbers, but the pious Em
press Queen, how did she arrange the
matter with her confessor?" "It will
unite." he wrote Prince Henry, "the three
religions— Greek, Catholic and Calvlnistlc
(1. e., Russia, Austria, Prussia)— for we
partake of the communion of the same
sacramental body— that is, Poland— and If
It is not for the rood of our souls It will
certainly be extremely good for our
starts."
But. notwithstanding the diversion of
the blow to Poland." Turkey did not al
together escape. The Sultan was com
pelled (1774) > to acknowledge • the inde
pendence of the Crimea, to grant Russia
free navigation of the Black Sea, the sea
of Marmora, the Danube and other Turk-
POLAND'S POSITION IN EUROPE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1900.
Doll Aristocracy of Varied Gomplexion, Qarb
and Sex Form Ur\ qvje Display /Utract
ir\g/\ttervtior\ of Numbers of Visitors*
DAINTY WAXEN BELLES HOLD COURT ,
AT WOMEN'S EXCHANGE EXHIBITION
rv.
9
GRAPE-NTJTS.
There Are Thousands of Them Who
Believe as This Woman Does.
Mrs. Ira Knowlton of Butte. Montana,
is a most enthusiastic convert to the vir-
tues of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets as a
cure for obstinate stomach trouble. She
says: "I had poor digestion nearly all
my life. It now seems to me that for
years I never knew what it waa to be
hungry, to have a gocd natural appetite.
"I was troubled with gas In stomach,
causing pressure on the heart with palpi-
tation and short breath. Nearly every-
thing I ate soured on my stomach: some-
times I had cramps In the stomach which
almost resembled spasms.
"Doctors told me I had catarrh of tho
stomach, but their medicines would not
reach It and I would still be a sufferer
had I not. in sheer desperation, decided
to try Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet*.
"I knew they were an advertised remedy
antl I didn't believe anything I read
about them as I had no confidence in ad-
vertised remedies, but my 9i3t»r living lr»
Pittsburg wrote me last spring telling
me how Stuart's Tablets had cured her
and her little daughters of Indigestion
and loss of flesh and appetite, and I hes-
itated no longer.
"I bought a fifty cent box at my drug
store and took two of the large tablets
after each meal and found them delight-
ful to take, being as pleasant to the taste
as caramel candy. Whenever during the
day or night I felt any pain or uneasiness
in the stomach or about the heart I took
one of the small tablets and in three
weeks It seemed to me as If I had never
known what stomach trouble was.
"I keep Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets in
the house and every member of our fam-
ily uses them occasionally after a hearty
meal or when any of us -have a pain or
ache in the digestive organs."
Mr. E. H. Davis of Hampton. Va..
says: "I doctored five years for dyspep-
sia, but In two months I got more benefit
from Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets than in
five years of the doctors' treatment."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet* is the safest
as well as the simplest and most conven-
ient remedy for any form of indigestion,
catarrh of stomach, biliousness, sour
stomach, bloating after meals, sympa-
thetic, heart trouble.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is not a
cheap cathartic, but an active digestive
remedy containing the pepsin and diastaso
which every weak stomach lacks, and
they cure stomach troubles because they
digest the food eaten and give the weak,
abused, overworked stomach a chance to
rest and recuperate. -
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold in
every drug store in the United States,
Canada and Great Britain.
ENTHUSIASTIC CONVERTS.
FREE DISTRIBUTION.
McBURNEY'S
KIDNEY and BLADDER CURE!
Watch for announcement ta Saturday** CALL.
Weekly Call,, $1 per Year
WELL FED, WELL BRED.
Proper Food Makes Brainy Men and
Beautiful Women.
To know just what to eat is a problem
for many peo;.!» who find their strength
end health not keeping up to a proper
Btnge. From f'»od we must expect our
bodily nourishment and not from drugs.
True, a physician's care is required at
times, but th* true physician will always
seek to put h!s patient on properly select-
ed food and drir.k. ,
A food expert has discovered Grape-
Nuts by experimenting on the treatment
of cTalns to artificially predigest the
Ftarche-s <the principal part). Grape-Nuts,
as now made by the Postum Cereal Co.,
Lim.. of Battle Creek. Mich., and sold by
grocers generally, is a delicious dainty.
pultable particularly for the brain worker,
as it quickly supplies the parts of food
the body needs to supply the daily loss pro-
duced by brain work. Unless the right
food be furnished and properly digested
the individual discovers a gradual falling
and some form of disease sets up.
Users of Grape-Nut* discover that they
assist in the digestion of cream and other
food, end that a "well fed feeling" fol-
lows their use.
ADVERTISEMENTS.NEW TORK, Nov. 8.— The rtock market
litowed the fffect of pome unsettlement of j-es
tfrday's buoyant conviction of speculators and
the growth of an apprehension that the rise
in prices &t the pace set yesterday might find
ejt eaily cuiminaticn. The more conservative
eSctncnt made their influence felt from thye
rt^ning a:id at one time durinr the day brought
the advance fairly to a standstill. The firm
r.«-fs of the undertone of the market at that
time was very striking and it was shown quite
conclusively that the large holders of stock
v.tre not particularly nervous over seeing the
Ti?r In price? checked. Even those wh" are
villing and anxious to sell out on an upward
tide showed a determination to hold at any
If u-er level. . ¦: *
1 A vrry buo>"tnt tendencj- then develoj>f>d In
th* industrial and ppe^ialty departments of the
llrt. The localizt-d character of this strength,
vith the absence of any special news to ac
ri-unt for it, gave ground for the supposition
that powerful manipulation was aiding it. The
success, accompanied by the manipulation.
lr.vltMl renewed speculation in that quarter
by outsiders end at the eame time served ae
8 jiov. - erful pustaining: influence for tfce rest 1
fit tl\* market. Under cover of this i-upport
profit taking went on on a hea\y scale. Except
for a sudden advance in some of the usually
active railroad taorWs the railroad list was
dirtinctiveiy heavy throughout the day. Penn
rylvanls. wa? marked up at one time to 140,
but it held th»>re only momentarily. The price,
remained ibovf last nichff level, but was un
et<l( to get back to the top. The Pacifies and
Pouthwesfrrp. as w*Jl as the stocks of rail
roads affiliated with Pennsylvania, which were
*o cor.splcuous in yesterday's upward move
ment, all suffered from realizing. In Missouri
Paciflr the net d»^-llne at the lowest t>'u a
point and In Northern Pacific the extreme de
cline waa 1%. On the other hand the mer
curial specialties, which are altray* favorites
v'.th th» speculators, rose buoyantly on ennr
n.'tss dealings. One or two of them had Im
tif:<w la*t night «>arly in the day. notably
Sugor, which broke 11% at the opening. The
late upward movement carried Sugar. People's
Ca«. Manhattan. Bnv>klyn Transit. Metropoli
tan Street Railway, Pacific Mail and American
Tchacco from 2% to .nearly 6 points. Yester
day's enormous buying of Northern Pacific was
explained by to-day's declaration of the «*xtra
<l!»liend of 1 per cent on the common Ftock.
The omission of this dividend in August, when
the rvguisr semi-annual dividend of 1 per cent
¦was declared was considered a vfry ominous
F'rn rtf the prospect of curtailed earning* for
ri-ilrosdr. To-day'e action is accepted as ehow
lnj' reytcrc-d confidence In the maintenance of
the earning power of railroads, but lt does not
nave the rtock from a sharp reaction on profit
taklnir The eteel stock* were Irregular. Steel
end Wire and Precsed Steel C*r showing re
liriions. while other members of the eroup
were stronjf. Money fontlnued in abundant
supply and sterling exchange rose further with
the demand for jjej'ments for the enormous
«les "f etocka for London account.
The bond market continued active and firm.
TttQ! pa!«*. par value. J4.CSS.OO0. United State*
ts ed-anced % and all other issue* except the
I* M per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LJST.
Efc&rea * C1^,'i IB
Bold. Stock— Bid.
tUft Atchlcoa *'H
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2 —
November 72% 72H - 72 72%
December 73% 72% 72% 73%
January 74H 74% 73% 74%
Corn No. 2—
November 38% S$% 37% S7*i
December Zb% 35% 35>i 35»k
May 36H 36% '38% 361*
Oats No. 2- - "
November 21*4 21U '2\% 21U
December 21% 22 21?i 21"*
May ;•:",»% 23T4 23* 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl— /.
November 10 62% 10 62% 10 40 10 40
January 1122% 1122% 1115 1115
Lard, rer 100 lbs—
November 7 02% 7 02% 6^5 6 93
December 6 62% 6 82% 6 75 6 77%
January 6 72% 6 72% 6 65 6 65
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
November 6 25 6 25 6 25 6 25
January 6 00 6 00 6 92% 6 93
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull*
No. 3 spring wheat, C7073c; No. 2 red 7'Ti®
75%c; No. 2 corn. 28%c; No. 2 yellow, 3S%c; No
2 oats. 22@22%ic; No. 2 white. 27c; No. 3 white
23>j27c: fair to choice malting barley, 45Sj4c-
No. 1 flax seed, $1 7G; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 78 :
prime timothy seed, $4 18@4 20: mess pork, por
bbl. $11; lard, per 100 lbs. $7@7 02%; short-rib
sides (loose), $6 50®6 SO; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 8?»6'.ic; short clear sides (boxed). *6 60
S e U &. "**^'"^ W 2?: Cl °"
Fl^baU »& Sh ' Pm a
Wheat, bushels 73000 mooo
<£"• *»£{¦ 97,'OW 38 loOO
S4 ' fiffif :;:;;;:;- U3 - 0M «;.jg
Barley, bushels '.'.'.'.'h'.m- 2l\m
,J^i» he ™, PrO<1Uce ., ExcnanBe to - d »-y the Bu7t7r
JF 1 *' "" 8tea *y: creameries. I5@22c; dal-
Freer country offerings, due largely to the
ccoler weather, caused a recession in th* price
of corn. Lower cables were a factor. Decem
ber closed Va%c down at 35U<535%c.
Oats were dull. December closed unchanged
at 2l"ic.
Provisions were quiet. The market started
2%(§5c higher on light hog receipts and better
prices at the yards, but eased off later with
wheat and on liberal offerings of lard. Trade
was principally local and bare of features.
January pork closed 5c lower, lard 2%@5c down
and ribs 5c depressed.
The leading futures ranged, as follows:
CHICAGO, Nov. 8.— December wheat open*d I
He higher to He lower at 73%^Jiic, striving j
to see its way clear through conflicting news,
a Liverpool decline on one hand and bullish
Argentine advices on the other. Following the '
opening December touched 73%@'73 ll Jc. There- j
alter the market generally ignored the word i
from the other side of the equator to the effect
that storms had done severe damage ito the
crop in the province of Santa Fe. A* Jones
cnble announcing that the preliminary Russian
report shows the wh*at crop to be* the best
slrice 1S30 was a depressing fat-tor the recent
large shipments from the Czar's country seem
ing to bear out the report. December gradu
ally on a narrow trade sagged to 72»»c. At
this point cash sales here were report»d at
310.000 bushels and New York claimed 45 "loads
for export. Shorts covered and a recovery en
sued, December closing a shade Under yester
day at 73',4<g73?8C
Chicago Grain Market.
A mBxin-.um wind velocity of thirty mile*
jer hcur from the northwest Is reported from
Independence.
Fog prevail* along the coast from San Frnn
cIfco to Eureka,
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours. #>r.d!ng midnight. November 9. 1900: .
Northern California— Fair Friday; light north
erly winds.
Southern California— Fair Friday; light west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday; cooler.
Utah- Fair Friday.
Arirona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday, with
fog in the morning; light northerly changing to
westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The t*mr*rature has risen over Northwestern
California. Nevada and Idaho. In the Sacra
mento Vfcltejr ar.d along the coast from Point
Conception southward to San Pedro Bay the
frnpt-rarure is about 8 degrees above the nor
mal.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
pant twenty-four hours over Washington and
British Columbia. Over the Sound region
thci-p ha? been a rise of 4-10 of an inch.'
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C2; minimum, £2; mean. 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The following are the Feasons.1 rainfalls to
Ot* as compared with tho** of the came date
last eeftson, and rainfalls In last twenty-four
hours:
Onions have begun to weaken off Bcmewhat.
There is no change in Potatoes. - Vegetables
are firm under lighter arrivals, and some kinds
are still higher. "
POTATOKS— River Reds, ' 70@80c: Burbanks.
25@50c for Rivers and 85c5??1.15 per ctl ./or
Salinas and eO'gOOcfor Oregon; Sweets, 60<Q75c
lor Rivers and WQfSQc for Merced.' ; .1
ONIONS-^SctHf 20 per ctl; Pickle Onions.
404j"5Oc per sack.. .- - '¦¦¦
VEGETABLES— Green Peaa, ¦ 3@5o per lb;
String Beans. 1 2f?6o; Llmue, 3®4c perlb;' Cab
bage, fl; Tomatoes, 80@€Oc; Egg. Plant,
Ji2-0c per box; Green Okra, 10®60c; Green Pep-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables
Receipts of Beans continue enormous. Those
yesterday were 20.700 sks, making 62,879 thus
far this week. The market stood up a long
time under these excessive receipts, but it has
at last begun to give way, as will be seen
by the quotations. The demand has been filled,
for the moment at least, and the receipts are
goirg into store.- Most of the arrivals are
colored, chiefly pinks.
BRANS— Bayos, $2 6502 So; Small White. $3 00
<tf4: Large ' White. $3@3 15: Pink. $1 S0®2; Red,
12 7S«?3: Blackeye. *3<ff3 15; Lima, S5 20@5 30,
Pea. $3 9C@4 15; Red Kidneys. $3 75®4.
SKEDS— Brown' Mustard, nominal; -Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 23^2 40; Canary.
3%c per lb.for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9<f:9%c: Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp. 4@4%c;
Timothy. 40:4%c. -
DRIED PEAS— NUes $1 50@2: Green, $180®
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye, $1 o0(fil 75.
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions under this head are quiet at
previous prices. ' . '•¦¦•;':
BRAN— $14^15 per ton. ..".*=
MIDDLINGS— $16 5C@19 50 per ton. \
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15 50<818 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25if26; job
bing. $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, I174I1S; Corn Meal,
S2C027; Cracked Corn. $2G 50@27 50: Mixed Feed.
$15(gl8.
HAY — Volunteer, $3^S: Wheat, $11^13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10S12 50: Oat. J9@ll 50:
Clover, $5^7; Alfalfa, $6 CO&S 50; Barley, $70
9 per ton.
STRAW— SSiJNSc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 60®
S 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 4003 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 15@3 £0 for bakers'; Eastern,
$4 75®5 75 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol-
Icw8, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. S2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny. $3 50® 3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4©4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 60; Whole
•Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6<g>
7 25; In sacks. $5 7a<g7: Pearl Barley. $3; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 00 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 3:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The market Is quiet and quotations
Bhow no chance.
White. $1 30@l 47%: Surprise. $1 45@1 55; Red,
$1 15S1 25 for feed and $1 25@1 37% for seed;
Gray. $1 25(??1 35: Bluck. for feed, $1 12%@1 20;
for B?ed, $1 20^1 30 per ctl.
CORN— Eastern Yellow. $1 22%; White, $1 22%;
Kastern Mixed, $1 20<gl 22% per ctl. -
RYE-87',4f30c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75@2 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls.
$1 0}*i.
Second Session — No sale*.
Regular Morning Session— May— 10,000 ctls,
$1 C6%.
Afternoon Session— No eales.
BARLEY — Quotations have fallen back again
and the rrarket Is dull.
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 72%c for No. 1
•and Co'SIOc for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 80QS3c; Chevalier, nominal.
Chicago opened steady with a fair demand,
chiefly to fill Fhorts. The crowd was bearish,
and bull news had very little effect There waa
a laree export trade on Wednesday. *
• 1 he San Francisco market was quiet and not
materially changed.
Spot Wheat— shipping, 98*ic; Milling, $i@
1 02% per ctL
WHEAT— The markets all over the world are
quiet and without especial feature. The Ar
gentine situation is still unfavorable, but lt Is
not a very Important factor now.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling: Exchange. 60 days — $4 Sl%
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 83%
Sterling Cables — 4*5
New York Exchange, night — 5
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 7H
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50% <Q 51
NEW TORK. Nov. ?.— Evaporated apples
came in for little attention on the part of buyers
all day, although the situation as a whole
showed some improvement. Prices remained
about uncHanged. as follows: State common, 4
©oc: prime. 4*4@5Vic; choice, 5!i<§6c; fancy 6
??* *c. ,
California dried fruits were also very dull,
with prices nominally unchanged.
PRUNES— 3%@8%c per pound, as to size and
quality.
A , P . RI -£? TS - Ro " 11 . W»c; Moorpark. l?(?16c.
PEACHES-Peeled. 18020c; unpeeled, 6«j9c.
DRIED FRUITS
* .3.
NEW TORK. Nov. 8.— FLOUR— Receipts. 32.
613 barrels; exrorts, 11,467 barrels. Sales, 8250
packages. Market dull and tending lower, with
buyers scarce, owing to the drop In wheat.
r , : ' v * I £ AT ~ Recelpts - 15 - 530 bushels: exports,
55, .2. bushels. Sales. 3.S75.000 bushels futures
Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 79c f. o. b. afloat; No 2
red. ,7V 4 c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 84%c
f 0. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. 8Si /3 c f. 0. b.
anoat. Options had a firm opening O n bullish
Argentine rer>orts and a demand from local
shorts, but subsequently yielded to liquida
tion based on weakness abroad and disappoint
ing ouside purport, closed fasy at Kc net de
cline. Sales, March. Sl«i®S2 3-16c. closed S2c;
May, 81 3-16@S2 3-l«c. closed 81%c; December.
.S'85j79 ll-16c. closed 78%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures dosed steady, with prices
10® lo points net lower. Total sales. 38,750 bags
Including; December. $7 10<g7 15; February.
Sf&W M f rch> * 72 °e7 25; May, $7 35; June,
1(35: July. $7 4O®7 45; August. $7 45; Septem
ber. $7o04}<55; epot Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice
S'fcc; mild, quiet; Cordova. 9%@13' / 4c
SUGAR— Raw. barely steady; fair refining.
374c; centrifugal, 95 test. 4«*c; molasses sugar.
3Hc; refined, easy.
«?H? TER ~ R '^ elpt8 ' : steady. Creamery,
16g23%c; June creamery. 17@21%c; factory. 13®
lo%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7216 packages: firmer; West
ern regular packing, at mark, lSt21 l 4c: West
ern, loss off. 24c.
200 Belcher 12 ICO Savage -is
200 Con Cal & Va. .1 05 200 Ser Belcher"""" n
100 Gould & Curry. S3 1 600 Sierra Nevada" *s
400 Hale & Norcrs. 22 100 Silver Hill m
300 Occidental 10 SCO Union Con 17
200 Ophlr 82 • .-•,""-*"-*":
Afternoon Session.
<WAlta 03; 50 Gould A Curry s ,
100 Belcher 10 1C0 Hale A Norcrs* M
600 Bullion 021 2C0 Mexican «
100 Caledonia 5O[ 200 Ophtr ii
100 Caledonia 41 ; 300 Overman
100 Caledonia 47! 300 Sierra Nevada" V
450 Con Cal & Va..l 05: 200 Yellow Jacket »
Following were the sales In the Paclfle strwt
Exchange yesterday: *>iock
Morning Session.
2000 Alpha Con 031 300 Ophir w
500 Andes 0? 2C0 Ophlr «
lOOO Bullion ......... 02 ICO Silver Hni 37
3C0 Challenge Con.. 15, £00 Syndicate n
200 Gould & Curry. Sa! >naicaie 0j
y Afternoon Session.
1000 Andes ,'.. 0". 3C0 Ophir . ss
300 Best & Belcher. 22: 600 Silver n'iii'""" 4.
200 Cpn Cal & Va..l CSj-soo Union "£;";; f 7
200 Mexican 23J 500 Yellow Jacket.I 2T,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Nov. 8-4 p. m.
Bid.Aslc, Justice ........f ld nh A^.
Alpha 02 C3jKentuck 02 01
Alta 02 03 Lady Wash - C3
Andes. .....;.... 05 C« Mexican 27 2?
Belcher ......... 09 10 Occidental OS 10
Best & Belcher. 22 23 Ophlr to St
Bullion 01 02loverman OS W
Caledonia ...... 45 4«iPotO9l u 13
Chollar.; .13 14 Savage 17 13
Challenge Con.. 13 15 Scorpion — 04
Confidence' 60 70! Seg Belcher..... 03 0«
Morning Session.
Following were the salen !n the San Francisen
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 California-Standard *s
100 Caribou '" »«
200 Caribou ""¦¦ tJ
300 Four Oil Co J>
fcOO Hanford F & K "* o?
150 Home Oil *" 4 r\
100 Petroleum Center ....\ •'.'.'.'.' w
250 San Joaquin Oil £ Development.... " 9 n
60 Twenty-eight .....; ; 2 23
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1500 California-Standard «<,
500 California-Standard "" «
2W0 Caribou '" f£
50 El Dorado *"** « »
100 El Dorado : : S
10 Homcstake ,; f-'
1C0 Monarch of Arizona •-.....«
300 Monte Crlsto " , ?X
25 San Joaqutn Oil & Development ""9 »X
23 San Joaquin Oil & Development, b l'.'.'. 9 35
Street —
2S. r , McKtttrlck Consolidated «
100<i Caribou K
1000 Home Oil .'.' """455
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE!
Afternoon Session.
Board
10 California Fruit Canners 104 00
330 Equitable Gas 3 50
30 Giant Powder Con $3 75
10 Hana Plantation Co 7 00
10 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 85 i;%
ISC Honokaa Sugar Co 31 cq
ILMakawell Sugar CO 42 25
2r Makaweli Sugar Co 4» i»ri
$2(00 Oakland Transit Co 6s 117 CO
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 94 75
100 S F Ga* & Electric Co 52 00
*rCC S P of C 6s (1905. Series A) lot 00
65 Spring Valley Water 3350
Street—
$•{000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 107 7$
100 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar ?5 00
$X 000 Los Angeles Lighting 5s 100 »5
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage) 102 25
Bay Co P Co.. 103% — |Qak Water 3s.l03'4 —
Cal-st Cab 5s..H8»i — Oceanic SS 5s.ll0^110»i
C C Water 5s.. 107 »i - Om C Ry 6s.. IK -
Ed L & P 6s. 130 — Pac G Imp 43.102 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — P & Cl Ry 6s.lO5 —
Geary-st R 5a. — — P&ORR 6s.U5>6 —
II C & S 5^9. — — Powell-st R 6». — —
Do 5s lOOtf — Sac E G&R 5s 99t;iOO
L A R 5s 107 — S F & SJV 5s. US'* —
L A Lt Co 6s. — 103 S R of Cal is. — 113
Do gnt.l 6s... — — S P of A 8s..ll2»i —
L A gntd 5s. — 101% S P ofC6s(1905
L A P R R 5s. — 102^ (Series. A). ..109 109H
Market-st 6s.. 123% — Do (Series B)10$% —
Do 1st M 5S..119 — Do <19O6) 109H110
N C N G R 7s.H0 114 Do (1912) ...113% —
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — S P R 1st g 5s.lO3 106
Do 5s 118 — 9 P R Ss 130 —
N P C R R Ss.lul — S V Water 6s.ll3%114U
Do 5s 107?i — Do 4s.; 102^103
N Cal Ry 5s.lll*i — Do 3d mtge. — 102'i
Oak G L. & H.11O — Stktn Gas 6s. 100 105
Oak Tran 6s..ll6%117H
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 70% Spring Valley. 93U
Marln County. 51% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 3"i 5 I Pac L Co — «
E<iult C L Co.. S% JHlStc El G&RCo 35 in
Mutual El Co. — 10 iS F G & E.... 51T» 52U
O G L i H... «« »i San Francisco. 4=£ 5
Pac Gas Imp.. 52% 52%!Stkn G & E Co — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 228 — ;
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 69 — First Natlonl.25« 300
Bank of CaL..40* — Lcn P & A....13S —
Cal S & D T..104 — Merchants' Ex IS IS
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L, — 1900 Sav A L So.. — 81
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Ek.. — —
Mut Sav Bk... 51 57<4 Union T Co... — —
S F Sav If.... 515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 124 — O S L & H 3S —
Geary-st — — Presidio 17 23
Market-st 67>* 6S
POWDER STOCKS.
California — lfiO Vigorlt ........ — t*4
Giant Con Co.. 83% S4^4
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P. Co. S7i ~V* Kilauea S Co.. WK. —
Haw C & S Co SS 85H Makaweli S Co 42 4244
Honokaa S Co. 31 — Onomea S Co. 29
Hutch S P Co. 2i\ 2S Paauhau S Co. 31% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.134 — Pac A F A... 2*4
Cal Fruit Asn. — — Pac C Bor Co. — ' 15J
Mer Ex Asr.n. 97 100 Par Paint Co. lVn
Oceanic S Co.. 94>4 95H
Momlng Session.
Board —
5 Bank of California ..410 00
$15,000 Contra Costa. Water Bonds 107 75
10 Giant Powder Con 84 oo
50 Hana Plantation Co 7 00
150 Hana Plantation Co, b 30 7 CO
IS Hutchlnson S P Co „ 25 75
22v Hutchlnson S P Co 25 87V4
lin.COO Oceanic Steamship Bonds 110 50
10 Spring Valley Water 93 50
Street —
55 Paauhau S P Co 31 25
$2000 S P Branch Railway 6s 130 50
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask,
<9 quar coup...U5V t il6V4 l 4s do cp (new).133Vil3«
4s do reg UZ\ntV» is do coup 109%110
TTX1TED STATES BONDS.
THURSDAY. Nor. 8—2:30 p. m.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet and
featureless. The feeling, however, is ste«dy.
and most changes are In the direction of bet.
ter prices.
The oil stocks were quiet and not materially
changed.
The Andes Mining Company has levied an
assessment of S cents. ¦ •
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. S— 5 p. ra.
asoth Meriiiian-Padfle Time.)
Weather Report.
"New coaM-packed »eeded raisins ar« arriv
ing and s-lling fairly well at from Sc for choice
to ?H<59**c for fancy. Loose, seedless Musca
tels and Sultanas and layers are flull. Im
ported raisins are in only moderate demand.
Apple* on spot are firmer, the sale of a car
of new goods slightly below prime being re
ported at 4Sc. Nuts are lerns active, though
there is a fair trade in mixed at lP^c."
"•The prune market is neither firmer nor
earter for goods on the spot or to arrive..
Par.ta Oaras. outside pack, are reported sell
ing quite freely at V~ under the association
pr.cee for the four rises, and some goods
other t£an Santa Claras are selling at from
i,$lc under aFsociatlon figures, according to
6!i;e and quality, but the Quality of these latter
g'vyiit is mostly Jnferier.
Mall afixices from New York eay: "Stories
from the coast that the Cured Fruit Associa
tion has secured control of the bulk of outside
offerings through the buying or a good many
cars rf outside goods in this and other mar
kets ¦were not generally credited by the local
trade yesterday, and if the market U firmer
on the coest there is no evidence of any bet
ter fstate of affairs he.re. There has been, it
is understood on good authority, an eff»it
made here recently on behalf of eome associa
tion packers to bify outside prmes at the cut
pric^F. but In the case of one prominent house
selling outside gorvde. at leart. this effort dil
not yucreed. and the house in question, becom
¦iTig •upplciouB, refused to Bell. Whether at
t»inpUi to buy outside good? for association
packers succeeded la other instances cannot be
stated, but If such was the case there is noth
ing u> Indicate it.
Prunes and Raisins in Nezv York
Expoiis of Specie.
Cjlpoi f of specie from thla port during the
f.rst tea month* of the year were Jl?, 974, 144,
eealnst $l7,46",94i for the same time in lbS?.
the leading descriptions being as follows: Sil
ver bullion. S3.74S.474: Mexican dollars. JS.S54.
146: silver coin. {447.322: grold coin. $3,910,277;
currency, *2, £62.579. The leading deetlnatl -ns
were as follows: China, $12,742,809; New York,
JS.7i5,9f2; Honolulu. |*3S,oX).
D S refunding 2c, N Y Cent lsta 108
when Issued, reg.105 N J Cent gen 6s...l24S
do coup 105 No Pac 3s 67M,
do 3s reg 110 do 4a 104W
do coup 1W X Y C & St L 48. .107
do new 4s reg....i:3V« Norf & W con 4s.. »SH
do coup n:.'4 Or Nav lgta 109
do old reg US?* do 4s lC3Ti
do coup 116 Or S Line 6s ..127W 1
Co T>y tp-z 113 do con Ca 115
do coup ll.1v,; Reading gen 4s .. S9
D!f« of Col 3.eS»....i:4H!U G W Ists 99
Atchison gen 4s ..100-VSt L & I M con 5s'lliv.
do adj 4s «> s !St L. & S F gen Cs.l2r>
Can Ho 2ds 107 ISt Paul cons 172
Ches & Ohio 44«...lM4 ! St P C & Pac lsts.HSS
do fts 119 i do 5s 119U
C & N W con 7s...n7-i'So Pac 4s S3H
do S F deb as 117ii'So Railway Sa ... m
Chi Term 4s 92 S Roi>e & T 6s 69
Colo So Is Mi; Tex ft Pac Ists 115U,
Xi tz R G 4s W£ do 2ds 72 "
Erio g^n 4s 7.1 ;Union Pac 4s ....!!io«
Kt W t: D C Ists.. T'^iWabanh Ists 116
Oen El«-c 5s 118 do 2ds 104Vi
Iowa Cent lste 115».i!^"eft Fhore 4s 13**?
1* &. Nash uni 4s .. 99Va J Wis Cent lste g7t/
il K e-. T 2ds €V* Va Cent '...'. 91U
do 4s 93», "?»
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10. Ontario g nn
Crown Point OSiOphir ;-¦ g«
Con Cal & Va 1 00 Plymouth ' n
Deadwcod to OOQuieksilver .. " 1 25
Gould & Curry 80 Quicksilver prefd." 6 £0
Hale Sz Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 21
Homestake CO 00 Standard 3 2'
Iron Silver CS Union Con 15
Mexican 27 Yellow Jacket.... 15
nOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. '
Money— Union Pacific .. csw
Call luans 4 0* Union I^and "" jv
Time loans ***&*> West End "" owl
Stocks— WIs Central . "" 14
A T & S F 34H Bonds—
A T & S F prefd.. 77 Atchison 4s.... 100
American Sugar... 12J«i Mining Shares-^-*
Sugar prefd. ...116^« Adventure ... cix
Am Telephone 150 lAllouez Min Co.."* 5^
Boston & Albany. .2W.4I Amalg Copper. <m*
Boston Elevated... 156 [Atlantic .........V" 24
Boston & Maine... 191 I Boston &. Mont. "217
Chgo. Bur & Q lSlSiButte & BoBton— " 82%
Dominion Coal 42 Calumet & HeclUkos ¦
Doin Coel prefd. .:.113 Centennial ir»'
Federal Steel 4« -Franklin ....... * uij
Fed Steel prefd.... 73*4|Humboldt ...'......'.' 25
Central Electric. . 146 msceola .731/
Gen Electric prefd. 140 -Parrot >4Si2
Ed Eieclll 210 iQulncy 157"
Mexican Central... 13^1 Santa Fe Copper... 7
Mich Telephone.... 85 jTamarack ;..M$
N E Gaa & Coke.. 13 jUt&b Mining 8314
CLOSING BONDS
21,450 Atchl*on prefd 77
12,260 Baltimore & Ohio 78
Canadian Pacific SS
4.500 Canada Southern 56%i
12, «J0 Chesapeake & Ohio 32*»
1,900 Chicago Great Western 13H
11,7:5 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 1313.1
3<K> Chicago, Ind & Louisville 24
1.500 Chicago. Ii»d & Louisville prefd 67V
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95
1,400 Chicago & Northwestern 165',-j
8.C20 Chkago. Rock Island & Pacific 11-
S,tl5 CCC4 £t Louis 65<i
l'.-O Colorado Southern ti
I.ST5 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
COO Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
j 270 Dfla-vaie & Hudson 114%
Delaware, Lack & Western 17S
F00 Denver & Rio Grande 26&4
4.100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 71»i
2i""0 Krie 12\
1.410 Erie 1st prefd -. SflMj
1,210 Great Northern prefd lCSk
200 Hocking Coal 16
iLO Hocking Valley &'-4
1.215 Illinois Central 134%
710 Iowa Central 19'»
550 Iowa Central prefd 43'«
710 Lak? ETle & Western 37
700 Lake Erie & Western prefd 110
Lake Phore 2191;
7.050 Ix>ulsvll5e & Nashville ~i\»
' 93.050 Manhattan Elevated 107»»
14.2'n Metropolitan Stre<?t Railway 166*i
2,400 Mexican Central 13U
5'K) Minneapolis & St Loulp '.. 60^
515 Minneapolis & St Laouls prefd 99 I
15.310 Missouri Paciflc 5S% '
Mobile & Ohio 41
Missouri. Kansas & Texas ll^
8.700 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 84Vi
230 New Jersey Central 13*
S.isO New Tork Central 1S7
1.082 Norfolk & Western 3^H
325 Norfolk & Western prefd 78
73.S7S Northern Pacific 61=i
S.C'.'s Northern Pacifio prefd 76U !
6.600 Ontario & Western 2J-»i ;
Oregon Railway & Navigation....... 42 j
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
47.S52 Pennsylvania 139
2,150 Reading 19%
I.UM Reading 1st rrefd 69* t 
6<XI leading 2d prefd 2S'« j
Rio Grande W*st»rn 60' (
Rio Grande Western prefd ii
£20 St Louis & San Francisco IS
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 69
2.230 St Louli & Pan Fran 2d prefd Z9H.
1.0T.0 St Louis, Southvre*t*Tn 14V.
3.S75 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 33 l ?
16.SS5 Pt Paul 120Vi i
230 St Paul prefd 172* 4 '
Pt Panl & Omaha 115 j
2S.6r,0 S^.uthern Pacific "...- 3S T 4
14,r-r-1 Southern Railway ISTi
7W) Southern Railway prefd 694
9.900 T<-xas & Pacific 18**
26.2V! Vr.inn Pacific 63S,
P. COO Vninn Pacific prefd 7>i'.8
a.CiOO Waba^h 7%
2,-W Wabash rr^fd 20'4
1.075 Wheeling & L n 10
4.565 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 26*4
2)0 WisoonFin Central H 1 *
455 Third Avenue .112*4
Express companies—
Adorns 132
American 155
United States <9
Wells-Fargo 130
Mi^cenanernjs —
J.CSO American Cotton Oil 86V 4
American Cotton Oil rrefd 92
200 American Malting h l i
60-1 American Malting prefd 23 l i
8.4*0 American Smelting *• Refln H'n
l,4'.>0 American Smelting & Refln prefd.-. 83
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
7.053 American Steel Hoop 277fc
i 2.200 American St<?°l Hoop prefd 7$»4
24.010 American Steel & Wire 33
4,€*7 American Steel & Wire prefd 81
8.547 American Tin Plate 3?
2.100 American Tin Plate prefd ?%
SJBSO American Tobacco 104%
American Tobaoco prefd 130
8.573 Anacond3 Mln'ng Co 4"U
U.W* Brooklyn Rapid Tranrlt 89
3.175 Colorado Fuel & Iron U%
33.S71 Continental Tobacco 32H
€.020 Continental Tobacco prefd S4 7 i
32.€:,O Federal Steel 46H
7.170 Federal St«Pl prefd 73**
l,<«0 General EK-ctric 115
4SS Oluccse Sugair S51i
Glucose Sugar prefd 100
4.3T.0 lr.temational Paper 24\;
2,0*.6 International Paper prefd "Chi
270 Lacl»de Gas ..U.it. 6^4
3T.0 National nipcult 374
2*0 National Piscuit prefd 92
100 National Lead , 20%
140 National L*-ad prefd 95
9.010 National Steel 85
1.4J.0 National Steel prefd 924
€50 New York Air Brake 131
lift North American 16>i
100 Pacific Coast L C9
Pacific Coast 1st rrefd ./. 84
Pacific CoaFt 2d Drefd X "68
17.760 Pacific Mail /. 4ST»
46.720 People's Gas »5V»
Z.'SJS Pressed Steel Car 52
200 PrrFsed Steel Car prefd 85
Pullman Palace Car 191
Btandaxd Rone & Twine 51^
34.SC0 Sugar ." ; .128%
Sugar rrefd nevi
21. ISO Tennepree Coal & Iron Cl%
1?.K<» TTritrd States Leather 12^
S.S15 1'nitP^. States Leather prefd 75?4
2.CS0 t'r.ited States Rul ber 33
?S0 l*nited States Rubber rrefd 344
123 Western I'nlon r il%
io.f.73 Republic Iron & Steel Co 17
3,160 Republic Iron * Steel Co prefd 60
P C C & St Louia 53
1.036,200 Share* nold.
Silver off again.
Coifce in larger supply and slow.
Wlieat quiet and unchanged. Barley lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged. -
Beans begin to weaken under the excessive receipts.
Xo change in Hay and Feedstuff s.
Potatoes unchanged. Onions weaker. Vegetables firm.
Butter still weak under excessive supplies. Cheese firm.
Eggs continue to decline under accumulating stocks.
Poultry in good supply and easy. Game steady.
Oranges loxvcr. Fancy Lemons /inner. Limes dull.
Dried Fruits and Raisins quiet at the old quotations.
Prozi'sions stand as before.
Hides, Wool and Hops firm and unchanged.
Increased exports of specie from this port.
WASHINGTON. Nov. S.-To-day's stated
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $138,830,439; gold, $94,138,026.
* " *
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Nov. 8.-Close: Money on call,
steady at 2»4@4 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent:
prime mercantile paper, 4%®5U per, cent: ster
ling exchange, firm, with actual business in
n ? n^ s . bUls at * 4 84 '^ for demand and J4 80H
Psi?i % a°1, « xty days: postod rates ' * 4 81^
4 81H and J4 85; commercial bills, $4 79»i®4 SOU:
silver certificates, 64®65c» bar silver, SStfo;
Mexican dollars, «iic; Government bonds,
strong; state bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds
strong.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 8.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram eays:
There was more general business in the mar
kets here, including a revival in home rails,
which spurted on closing of bear contracts on
tne news that coal contracts have been made
at a reduction of eix shillings.
Americans were less excited, but still very
active, large lines changing hands on pro
fessional dealings. The public and the Con
tinent is still standing aloof. London toolc
Profits all day while New York bought, thus
causing a, see-sawing market. Money was
lot !" C . n ,, the w »th<Jrawal of £3,000,000 war
loan installment and the impending big pay
ments on exchequer bonds and treasury bills.
frih,^»H e . a fa r thln 8T. which was popularly at
15ni ? .°k Br^' an ' 8 defeat, but was really
Li/ i the fact thftt th < re wa « »ttle de
mand In a narrow market.
The London Market.
g Id . Dominion 22V» Wolverines 43 Vi
xiuoDex •¦.•¦••••.... 33
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
I Berkeley; J1C0. :.
Cordelia F.,Briggs to Edward I*. Brings, un
divided half interest in lot on'.'S line q2
Eleventh street, 75 W of Grove, W 73 by S IV
lots 12. 13 and 14 . block 117. KeUersbPr-?rI
rr.ai). Oakland; cut.
fame to same, lot on S line of Eleveits
street. ICO E of Castro. K 5fl by S If* | ot ," 7<)
and 11, block 147, sariie. same; gift.
Dennis ll*aley to Lnurentino J M*>nJm- a
re-rotord 742 d. 47S, lot on N\V corner of r«.
| Ninth street and Park way. N 30 by W «o i^.
I 20. block 11. on map of Uadgers »ub.;mAi I
j block 11. Clinti-n. East Oaklanrl; $10 '
Henry A. Butters to Lucle B. Butters \nt ™
NE line of Hillside avenue 200 SK of M»v I.°. n
nue, Nt: 361:6 by 8E 1P<>. lots 5 and « V \VX
5, revised map of Piedmont Park finkWni
Rosa M. Shattlick twtdow) to Kara f r»~v>
inscn (wife of Frank H>. lot on N S,irf Ban
crott way, ICO \V of Milvia str»et \V li i- v
134. M. E 5O..9. * 133 to h^inn lnit 'lot 27 'bVock
5. Shattuck Tract mat> No •> I'^rkpi-^*..
Ellsha G. and Maria J. Hamm'ona o illce P
Ellis, lot on E ime of Arch str<».-t 544 n v ;i
Vine, N 55 by E K3:2 being a BwiTfi * N °'
block 1. property of hirkef.y* S Homi^i
Association. Berkeley; *n. y ew Homestead
i A. AV". and Rebecca, s Y av ]/n. » *» ¦
1 Homestead Association <c4- raron? lor"^ 1^
| line of Chasnine way. u; \v of ""h.^l 0^..
| nue. W 75 by N 130. lot 9 an I E u'tt v n '
Scenic Park. Berkeley; Jio p °* Dal^ •
sa^ir 3 sa S mef°,^ dOn <° * * «°ck «. "
Pacific Lumber Company of San Fran-i.™ ?»
same. lot. 14. 16 and 17. b:ock U? fa™ e
Jerrlma Lundy to Margaret Hill i 0 . m _.«.
of t Henry & Phillips Tract. Brooklyn \£a?
An'nia and W. C. Pohl to Jor- Bd -w.il >«.
on E line of Wheeler tmoi m-S \ o^vWh
ington street, N Zl:>i by E 130. lot n ard q n ¦'»
feet lot 28, in Subdivision A. Fruuva'» Te-^
Louisa Straab to Flscher-Straub Comnanr
(corporation), lot on SW corner of HlbbarJ
street and I'aciflc avenue, S lffi by W &¦ iota
8 to 23. block 33. lands adjacent to Enctaal
Alair.eda; $10. *
C. A. Thurston to Jennie D. Llllard (wllowl
lot on SE corner, of Thirtieth and Uaicn struts'
E 29 by S 100, portion of lot 6. block II vS
of lands of Peralta Homestead Associa'-oo!
Oakland; $10.
Anton and Theresa Hassler to Katy Welkert.
lot on W line of Kirkham street, 40 SW Tenth
street, 40 by W 11D:D, bHnj lot ». block 551
Eighth-street Tract, Oakland; $13.
Holen L. Shearer to Joan K. Clark, lot on
S line- of Thirty-sixth street. 154 E Ade'lna
street. E 80:3 by S ICO. portion of lot 7, blocls
6S2, Watts Tract. Oakland; grant.
Fred C. Cannon, administrator of th« estat*
of Marguerite E. Cannon, to Jame3 McManus
lot 27. block 56. on Charles Heinsen's map o{
.Jam.-.* B. Larue"s Adiitlon to Town of Clin
ton, East Oakland; $130.
Cornelius K. Norton to Solon Evans lot 37
In plat 4. Mountain View Cemetery. OaK'anJ
Township; $40.
Mary A. Tuohy. by attorney, and A. V.
Tuohy arc! as attorney, to Anna Air.swort&
<?!rgle), lots 17 and IS. block G in Tunhya
Second Addition to Berkeley. Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Hugh G. Mitchell, by H. A. Rosenqulst, at
torney, to Warren Olney, lot on SB corner of.
Daley and L»roy avenues, S 43:15 by E 125.
being lot 7,. block 2>. Daley's Scenlo Park, sub
ject to mortgage, Berkeley; $10.
Frank If. and Rose H. Wilson to same, lots
,5 and 6, block 20, map of same; $10.
Conrad Scbeel, by Helnrich Seeger, attorney,
to same. Iot3 S ami 10, block 20, Daley's Scenlo
Park. Berkeley; $15.
j E. J. Jr.. and Laura de Pabla to Felix Mar
cuse, lot on E lin* of Sherman street, 137:23
N Railroad avenue, N 33:33, E 140:11. S 33:33.
W 140:10 to beginning. Alameda; also lot on
I 8 line of Pacific avenue. 72 %V Chestnut street.
W 36 by S 110. Alameda; $10.
Catherine Hyde (administratrix of estate of
Maurice Hyde) to Lottie E. Bowen. lot on S3
corner of Fifteenth and Clay streets. E 100 by
P 109:3. portion lot B, City Hall Tract. Oak
land, $22,501.
Lottie E. Bowen to Columbus R. Lewis,
same. Oakland; JIO.
Oakland Paving Company (a corporation) to
Michael Terry, lot on W line of Hellen street.
100 N of A, N 23 by W 133. being subdivision
A of lot 11, block 753, Watt3 Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Marston and Harriett J. Campbell to same.
undivided *4 interest In same, quitclaim de*d.
Oakland: $73.
Joseph H. Simpson to Synthla. J. Long, lot
on S line of Thirty-third street. 405 E of West.
E "6 by S 100.4*, Oakland; $10.
E. A. and Ella.*M. Leigh to Joshua R. an<J
Stella B. M»ad. Anna L. Lee and William W.
Mearl. lot on 3 Una of Mead avenue, 134 :CS B
of Market street. E 50 by S 125:07. portion
Mead Park, Oakland; J1000.
John E. McElroy to S. Sllverberg, lot on W
line of San Pablo avenue, at NE corner plat
42, Rancho V. and D. Peralta. thence SW
1S17:5 5-6 to W line of Greea street extended,
thence SE 22. NE 1817:5 5-6, NW 22. to begin
ning, portion plat 43, Rancho V. and D. Pe
ralta. Oakland and Oakland Township; $10.
Josephine and J. B. Fogarty to I. L. ' Sax
ton, lot on NE lln» of East Fourteenth strset.
100 SE of Sixteenth avenue. SE 23 by NE 140,
lot 5. block IS, on Freeman's map San An
tonio. East Oakland: J10.
Charles and Helena McCorrr.ick to Minna C.
Nlehaus. lot 2, block 81, tract B, Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association.
Berkeley: $100.
Sarah Bennett (Bums) to B. W. OenrklnX
lot on N line of Stewart street. 1»5 "W of Fre
mont. W 40 by N 129.65. Berkeley; fVX.
Andrew and Mary M. Perole to William Cot
bln, lot on SW corner of Addtson and Sev
enth streets. W 4S by S 10>\ lot 5, block 108,
Sisterna Tract, Berkeley; J10.
Mary Frances Hayden to E- O. Tutttl*, lot
on N line of Alameda avenue, ISO W of Gran<i
street. W 49 by N 150. lot 30, block B. Oakland
Park Tract, Alamada; $10.
E. O. Tuttle to Jessie M. Ttxttla. tuna, AU
meda: gift.
Lizzie Ford to Mary Ford, all interest tn
block 82. Hathaway Tract. San Lorenzo. Ed<*a
Township: $10.
Manuel Frank to John Frank, all interest la
lots 11 and 12 of Smith's subdivision San Le
an' !ro. Hrten Township; J10.
Margaretha Schwerdt to Margarethx Boyl
Street, lot on NW corner of West Twelfth and
Myrtle streets, N 110:9. E 100. S 138:9, W 103:l'~i
to beginning, portion of block M9. Boardman's
map. Oakland: gift.
George Mooar and Robert G. Benton (esecrl
tors of the estate of Frances S. Benton) to Al
nierihe B. Sargent, lot on S line of Hawthorn*
avenue. J22.65 W of Webster street, S 171:5, Vf
l>>, X 163.84 to SE line of Hawthorne avenue,
thcrce NE. following the curve of said avenue
tf» beginning. Oakland: $S~5.
Henry Schaake to Kate Schaake, lot on SW
corner of Channing way and Tenth street, W
53 by S 10O. lot 5. block 137. on corrected map
of Raymond Tract. Berkeley: gift.
California Realty Company (corporation) t»
Mary Desmond, lot 77. map of Elmhurst Park.
Brooklyn Township; $75.
Pame to Nellie Desmond, lot 73, same: $73.
Anna Rorkmann to Henry Z. Jones. lots •
and 1<T. block *9. Allendale Tract, Brooklyn
T p* n H. 1 Short "to Edward P.. J^fPf 1 T -. ** ar 3
K. and Emma P. Short, let on VT line of Bray
avenue. 634.95 N of East Fourteenth «5 et £ •*
72 .« by W 300. being the S 72 :« of lot a. Bray^
Tract. Brooklvn Township: gift.
Edward' P. Short to Mary K. and Emma P.
Short, undivided quarter Interest in same. gift, j
Frederick and Anna C. Ba m ??*f" l °2}™
Boulo?n-. lot on 8 line of Ra' 1 " 5 " , d » v i ' nu ":
300 W of Walnut street. Vt 13 by f 207.6 lot
IS and E 8 feet of lot 17. bl£j 2 - lan * i3 **!*•
cent to Enctnal, Alameda; *f- ._,._.. w
i,,, M I? j jo^crh >ovis to Antonio H.
and Angela street, h ' ";." ' ...,i, Tra^t Mur
183 12. belnsr lets 44 and 4->. Nevis Tract. Mur
ray Township: gift h R g>
Hugh S. »"' 1 "!i", ln Vof Nineteenth street.
Pennvcook. lot on N . m ortlon , ot9
Tract, 'subject to a
K-"? VS4^f rs^h" to Lillian M.
Lucia E. «n« AH" r ofl _ v ,, ne Q{ Wwt
garner (wife of E. u. -
Tenth street 10- w of Ade , Jne ttome .
portion lots 19 *" rt ii.-j. rio
nn V n ilre of sJSSS* rtrwt. 132 W of Grove,
w « L'v N' 1^' Oakland: $*».
2 J V Vr Fa«lr« to Martha A. Eagles, lot
R p !^T?e^f W«S 'treet. 54 N of S^ard. 3
%? b^ °^ing lot 3. block A 4 Toland Tract.
Oakland: g'ft- L A o , 3en rwlf , of H
line nf Willow street. «J S of
%ih ™^^fa C S 1*>. being lot IS. block F.
Flfteonth. *>-•> > t( , a)l oajjianrt; jsoo.
G V : '^r IlZ "arr A. Shumw-iy to Frances K.
r, J» t«t o" V »i* of Mattle avenue. 817.SR E
G , 0! £Jk BWrt, E S9.S8. N 120.33. V,' 41.«7. S
!£ ,„ hpclnnln?. b^r.p lot 22. b!oclr C, Par
m . rni'-Vn fiat* Tract. Oakland: $10.
S °<?-,mc to same, lot on SW comer of HaTlett
ar.d Mar>l«- street. W 90 by N 15S. lot
?« work S on niap of property Oakland Hojm
stra.1 A^ociation or map of Maxwell Tract.
to Emma E.
w FoniC "<wire of Wal»er>. lot on X lln» of
SrVncHco rtreet. 1S3:« E of Grov^. E 50 by M
1-- lot 21 block P. Janes Tract. Berkeley: $U.
C and Cath«rin« Storv tn Amanda C.
\'«'thVr 'lots IS to 21. block 57. Tract P.. B»rk<»
iey T.ar<1 and Town Improvement Association.
F«--kPiey: $'"
j"e<=<">h F. Sbort to Jlary K. and Emma F.
cv or t'iot on V,* line of Brav avenu». SJ4.Q X
o' East Fourteenth street. N 72« by W 300.
being the S 72:S of lot 21. Bray Tract. Brook
lyn Township: gift.
Caroline D. and Gustavus A. E. Chrtstensen
to Homo Buildlnir Comrany (a corporation),
lots 44 and 45. block A, Hetnphlll Tract. Brook
lyn Township; JlOt
Alameda County.
Charmlan Kittredge (slnjcle) to Ada H. Ga's
(wife of Walter), lot on E line of Hiltegars
avenue, SS3.S6 S.of Dwlght way, 3 50 by £
15n.4S. lot 21. block B, Hillegass Tract Map 3,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new, 4s
2d. Futures — Steady; November, 4s Id; Decem
ber, 4s Hd; January, 3s 10«4d.
NEW YORK, Nov. 8.— There waa Httla or
nothing doing on th« metal exchange and the
price movements were almost of a nominal
order. Cables and news from primary domes
tic points lacked feature of Incentive Impor
tance. At the close the metal exchange called:
Piglron warrants, quiet, at J3Q>10; lake copper,
quiet, at $16 75@17; tin, dull and nominal, at
$28; lead, quiet, at $4 37H. and spelter, quiet,
at $4 10@4 15. The brokers' price for lead was
given as J4 and for copper $16 75@16 77ft.
Portland's Business.
} /
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 8.— Clearings, J173.406;
balances, {65,241.
Northern Wheat Market.
1 WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 8— WHEAT— Market firmer
and more doing; prices %c higher. Blue stem,
56; club. 53c. •
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 8.— WHEAT— Walla Walla,
steady at 54c; blue stem. 57c.
Cleared — German bark Olga for Queenstown,
or Falmouth, for orders, 73.3S4 bushels of wheat.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. 8.— Consols, 38 11-16®99. Sil
ver, 29 7-16d. French rentes, lOOf 55c. Cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 J
Standard California, 30s 6d; cargoes Walla, 23s
6d; English country markets, steady. !
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 8.— WHEAT— Easy: No. 1
Standard California, 6s S«4dift6s 4^d: wheat in
Paris, easy; flour In Paris, easy; French coun
try markets, steady; weather in England,
clear.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 3-16d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 8. — WHEAT — Spot,
steady: No. 2 red Western winter, 6s >-id; No. 1 j
Northern spring. 6s , J sd; No. 1 California, 6s i
4d. Futures— Quiet; >December, 6s %d; March,
6s l?4d. ;
New York Metal Market.
The upward movement of prices here was
accelerated by better accounts from New Eng
land and Southern spinning sections and aleo
from cotton goods markets. The rally was
checked by telling for profits. The general
characteristic of the local market, however,
was decidedly better. The frost predictions
failed to unnerve shorts, while at the same
time creating manjr new friends for the mar
ket in speculative * circles. The close was
steady with net advance reduced 1S$21 points.
NEW YORK, Nov. 8.— The market opened at
an advance of «@io points and. further ad
vanced S1J22 points, chiefly on covering, al
though there was considerably more attention
paid to cotton by the Investment class.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7. The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day: Grapes-Cor
nlchons, single crates $1 40S1 "0, average Jl 51;
Emperors, single crates, Jl ?5(^2 05, average
$1 98; Tokays, single crates. 600^*2 05, average
$1 21; Tokays, double crates. $1 30@2 80. aver
age ?2 18. Pears— Winter Nells, boxes, $1 65®
2, average Jl S3. Dry, favorable weather. One
car sold to-day. .
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Tha Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Grapes-
Red Emperors, single crates, Jl 40@2 15, aver
age Jl IS; Clusters, single crates, $2 E0@3 50,
average $3 27; Emperors, single crates. $1@2 80,
average $1 58; Imperial Tokays, single crates,
$1 43<gl 55. average Jl 47- Clusters, single crates,
J2 20@2 70. average $2 25; Pereimmons, single
crates, Jl 66^2 55. average ?1 93. Pears— P.
Barry, boxes, Jl 50*51 60. average Jl 55. Six
cars sold to-day. Dry, favorable weather.
California Fruit Sales.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. J5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and' July, 6^f«^ C ; Wool
Bags. 28V4@32Hc; Fleece Twine. 7tfc; Fruit
Bacr, SMGWic for white and S«-4@S*4c for
bUached jute. .
COAL— Wellington. J9 per ton; Southflcld
U'elllngton, V; Seattle. J7; Bryant. J7; Coos
Bay, . J5 50; Wallsend. J9; Co-operative Walls
end. J9; Cumberland, J12 In bulk and $13 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel. $12 p»r ten: Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
{8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany, quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.40c; Powdered. 6c: Candy Gran
ulated. 6c; Dry Granulated, 6.90c; Confection
ers'* A, 5.50c; Magnolia A, 5.50o; Extra C, 5.40c:
Golden C, r . 5.30c; barrels, 10c more; half-bar
rels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more; &>-lb bags, 10c
more. . No orders taken for less than 75 'bar
rels or its . equivalent. - Domlnos, ¦ half-barrels
6.6 r io;hoxeg, 6.90c, per lb.
COFFEE— C. E. Bickford's circular gives the
receipts at this port thus far this year at
152,441 bags, against 171,210 during the same
time last year. The sales^/rcm first hands
were 147,251 bags, against 1527283. The stock In
first hands November I was 13,033 bags, against
12,t90 on the same date last - year, and th«
world's. visible siirply November 1 was 7,801,359
bags. ¦ against 7.699.7SS. The ctrcular says:
. "All markets have been running on narrow
margins as to price fluctuations and have been
generally : dull. Brazils In New Tori; have
varied within %c,, high and low, and are now
precisely the basts of a month ago, notwitn-
the Increase of > 837,000 bags to . the
'world's visible supply during September, and a
further ' increase during October estimated at
375.000 bags. • The movement of coffee has been
everywhere slow. In this country perhaps part-
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5>4c for small. 5^4c for
medium and 6V«c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5c; dressed Hogs. 7Vi@SHc
Th« Hog market remains as previously
quoted, as the demand about equals the sup
ply.
BEEF— 63r6V4c for Steers and 5@>5Hc per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 75?Sc; small, 8%(g>9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7<37%c; ewes, 6%@7c per
pound.
LAMB— RifS^c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clip— S^n Joaquin, 6H@Sc: do Lambs*. 8
«J9c; Middle County. SfglOc; Northern Mountain,
free, lOlfTllc: Southern Mountain, 7Vi®8Hc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 12S13C per lb.
HOPS— HV4@15c per lb.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15«?16c: Northern, defective. 12@
14c; Middle County, free. 14016c; Middle County,
defective. 12@14c: Southern Mountain. 12
months', 9®10c; . Southern Mountain, free, 7
months' IKS'lIc: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 8<311c; Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
@17c: Nevada, 13<fI16c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS-^Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c: light. 8«»®9c; Cow
hides 8%«j9c; Stags, 6Hc; Salted Kip, »hc;
Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides,
16c; culls, lie; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, 16@17c;
culls and brand. 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
20<JJ30c each; short Wool. 80®50c each; medium,
6O$/S5c: long Wool, 75c?i?l each; Horse Hides,
rait, J2 50 for large and J2 for medium, Jl 50
for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry,
Jl 75 fov large. $1 B0 for medium. Jl 25 for small
and 25©. r >0c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium t>klns, 30c: winter or
thin skins. 17%@20e. Goatskins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rsndered. 4®4Vic per lb; No.
2. 3!4e: grease. 2ijt2 1 ,4c. . ' .
The firmness In Hides continues. Wool, too,
is well held, and Hops are moving off steadily
at strong prices.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. S'Hc; three
half barrels, S%c; one tlerpe, 8^c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at d\c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9Uc
10-lb tins. 9&c: 5-lb tins. 9?4c.
CURED MEATP— Bacon. lOH-SMlc per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium. 13c for light. 14c
for extra light amfloc for sugar cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. llijff?12c: Mess Beef.
S12 tO per barrel; extra Mess. $13 50; Family.
US E0; extra Prime Pork. $16; extra clear, $13 50;
Mess, J16; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, l!H<B144c for bright and 124
<f?13c for light amber;- water white, extracted,
7%(QSc; light amber, extracted, 7@7'ic; dark,
6<£?6Hc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24SI8C per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, £<(77c per lb: "Walnuts. No.
1 softshell, lie: No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell. 10c;
No. 2. 7^c; Almonds, 15@16c for paper-shell,
1K2J12V-C for softshell; Peanuts, 5<{?6c for East
ern- Brazil Nuts. 15c; Filberts. 13c; Pecans, 11
013c: Ooooanut?. J3 50fT5.
FHUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
40-50s, 7c; 50-60s, 5V«c; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s, 3%c;
SO-SOs, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2Uc; lOJs and over, 2c; ru
bies, premium; Sonomas. He and San Joa
quins He less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6®
Sc for Royals and 10@llKc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 4@4Vic; sun-dried, 2H5<c;
Peaches. 4~i'5i>c for standard, 5@6c for choice
and 7@74c for fancy; Pears, :®7c; Plums,
pitted. 596Hc; unpitted, lQIMc; Nectarines, 6@
5Hc for red and 5%@6c for white.
RAISINS— The Keisln Growers' Association
has established the following price* for tha
season of 1S00: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
prr lb; choice, lie; standard. 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10',4c per lbs choice, &Vfce; standard. S^c:
prime. Sc; unbleached Saltanas, 8c; Seedless.
51-lb boxes, 6Vic; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6c:
2-crown. G»/4c; (-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crbwn, Jl 50 per box; 3-crown. Jl 60; Fancy
Clusters. J2; Deh<-sa. J2 50; Imperial, J3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
The market continues flat and unchanged.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Oranges are still lower, and in rood supply.
There Is no change in Lemons and Limes.
; though fancy Lemons are a little firmer.
Supplies of Apples are smaller and the
choicer grades are firmer. Figs are about gone.
There are not many Grapes left. Pears are
higher. Quinces are nominal, being scarce.
UklCIDcOUS FjvLlit —
APPLES — 25*?50c per box for common and
6jcS$1 for good to choice; Spitzenbergs, 60C3I1;
Oretton bpitzenbervs, jl zfyi 50.
PEARS - Winter Nells. 60c@U: Cooking
Pears. 2t»(S'5Cc oer box.
QUINCES— oOfg-Toc per box.
PERSIMMONS— 3&<&75c per box.
CRANBERRIES— cape Cod, J'j 50@10 per bar
rel; Coos Bay $2 25^2 50 per "box.
STRATVBERRIES-$3@6 per chest j for large
and $6<g9 for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— Zdi 5c per lb.
RASPBERRIES— %i 50®6 per chest.
POMEGRANATES-75cg?3, according to slxe
of box.
PLUMP— M@40c per box.
GRAPES— Muscats. Tokays, Verdells. black
and other ordinary -varieties, 40^S0c per small
box and MfJ75c per crate; Isabpllas. in crates,
75c(c?$l; Cornlchons, in crates, 60@75c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $!£3 50:
Seedlings, $1 25@2; Lemons, 25c@$l 25 for
• •orr.mon and *l Wf?2 50 for good to choice;
Pomelos, *2 50@3 50; Mexican Limes, $4*34 50;
California Limfs, 23'ff35c; Bananas, \\ 75@2 50
per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50Q3 GO per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— New, ii%@l2c; old, 10®llcj Toung
America, •128'12%c: Eastern. 13%@14c; Western.
ll©13o per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20®25c for store and 27V49
36c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 185J26C
Stornre goods— 21<322fi
Tho weakness in Butter continues and some
dealers are quoting a further decline. Outside
orders are not yet large enough to sustain the
market. In view of the heavy stocks on hand.
liUTTEK—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 22fi23c; seconds,
21c.
Dairy— Fancy, 21e; rood to choice, 20c: com
mon, 18© 19c.
Creamery tub— 20©22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c.
Firkin— lSfcl9c.
The decline In Eggs continues and all do
mestic descriptions are lower, with accumu
lntlng stocks. Eastern rule firm, as the de
cline in domestic descriptions has not yet af
fected them.
Cheese 13 steady at the advance already
noted.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
5; Sprig, $3153 CO; Teal, '»J 25'a- oj; Widgeon.
$1 50@l 75; Small Dnck. $1 25@1 £0; Gray Gsose,
?3; White Geese, $1@1 50; Brant. Jl 50@l 75 for
small and |2 for large; English Snipe. $1
<gl 50; Jack Snipe. $1; Hare, $1@1 25; Kabbits,
SI 214*1 Lo, ior Cottontail and »1 lor brush!
Doves, 65c per dozen.
POULTKY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 14gl5c for Hens; old Turkeys, lift
12Hc; Dressed Turkeye, 16iai8c; Geese, per pair,
$1 60@l 75: GoMlngs. |1 75<02; Ducks, *3@4 for
old and $3 5004 50 for'younK: Hens, $3 50^4 SO;
Toung Roosters, ?4©4 30; Old Boosters, $3 50@4;
Fryers, $3@3 50; broilers, $3@3 50 for large and
12 5063 for small; Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old
and Jl oOigfl 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. 75<vSJ$t for Valley and $1 5O<??2
for Mountain; Mallard, $3<S5; Canvasback. $3®
Poultry continues quiet and weak, owing to
the free receipts from the East this week.
t>ressed Turkeys, however, continue firm.
Game ehowo very little change. Receipts
yesterday were light, and so was the demand.
Poultry and Game.
pers. 25®50c per box for Chill and 40050c i for
Bell; Dried Peppers, 10® 15c: Carrots. 2S@35C
per sack; Summer Squash. $1©1 50 for ¦ Ala
meda; Cucumbers. 35@60c for Alameda; Pickles,
$1 50 per box for No. 1 and $1 for No. 2; Garlic,
485c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $7@10 per ton.
lambs, slow to 10c lower: good to choice weth
ers, $4®4 30: fair to choice mixed, S3 80@4;
Western sheep, J4@4 30; Texas sheep.- 12 E0®3 60;
native lambs, $4 50@5 60; Western lambs,- $5
(go 40.
Flour, qr sks 150!TVlne. gals 41,2fK>
Wheat. Ctls 2.9<?0[Sugar. sks 880
Barley, ctls 3.S60!Llme. bbls / 1S2
Oats, ctls 330 1 Eggs, do a /. 9.990
Corn. East, ctls.. 600'Onlons.- sks.....'.. 2<W
Cheese, ctls 41;Potatoes, sks 5.700
Butter, ctls 27-1 Beans, sks I0.70O
Tallow, ctls 249 Wool, bales 104
Pelts, bdls 534Hops. bales 112
Hides, No l,3S5|Hay, tons 343
Leather, rolls 72 [Quicksilver, flsks 94
Brandy, gals 2.200!
FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER S.
Receipts of Produce.
Costa Rica— 13%<£14%c for prime washed; 1.®
13c for good washed; 13@14c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 12<@13c for good to prime pea
berry; ll%@13c for good to prime; l0%@lle for
good current mixed with black beans: 9%@llc
for fair: 7@9c for common to ordinary.
Salvador— 11^130 for good to prime washed;
10@10»4c for fair washed; 12013c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 10%!Stl!4c for good to
prime semi-washed: 10=i@llc for superior
unv.-ashed: 10%c for good green unwashed: II
@ll%c for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
7ig"S%c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 13@16c for prime to fancy wash
ed: Wgl2%c for fair to strictly good washed;
10@10*ie nominal for good to superior unwash
ed; -ll@llfec nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13%@l«%c for prime
to fancy washe-1; 121Jl3e for strictly good wash
ed; 11011%c.for good washed; OV^tnsic for fair
washed; »tfV&c for medium: 6%>gS\c for in
ferior to ordinary: 12iS13%c for good to prlm«
washed peaberry; lliffU %c nominal for good t^>
prime unwashed peaberry: 10'/s<@llc nominal for
good to superior unwa3hed.
ly ascrlbable to the approaching elections, but
aside from this policy of buyers has been a
waiting one, and naturally so In view of the
enormous additions to supplies.
"Interest In the local market la restricted
by the very small stocks always current In
first hands at this season, but as dealers are
fully prepared for the Interval between crops,
the statistical position here Is not apt to ex
ert more than a normal influence. European
markets for mild coffee are dull and lower.
"First hand stock consists of 1943 bags Costa
Rica. 145 Nicaragua. 1091 Salvador. 9541 Guate
mala and 346 Mexican; In air 13.0(2 bags, as
against 11.522 bags same time last year.
Con Cal & Va..I 00 1 05 Sierra Nevada. 25 23
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill 33 4*
Con -New York. 01 — St Louis — v,
Kureka Con 25 — .iPtandard 3 2S .—
Crown Point... 10 12'Syndicate • 06 — .
Exchequer — 01 Union Con ' 17 •»
Gould & Curry. 82 S4!rtah 09
Hale & Norcrs. 2T. 22 Yellow Jacket.. 24 Z3
Julia 02 03-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1900.
THE STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Nor. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, 6500.
Generally 10c higher; strong; active. GoodUo
prime steers, $5 50@6; poor to medium. $4 50®
5 40; selected feeders, $3 75® 4 25; mixed stock
ers, $2 4003 85; cows. $2 70^-4 44; heifers. $2 804?
3 25; canaere, $1 60@2 65; bulls. J2 40<§>3 40
calves. |4 ST.®^; Texas fed steers, $4S?4 95- eras«I
crs.~tt 50074 15; bulls, $2 C0@3 25. •
HCKiS— Receipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow
21,000; estimated left over, 3000. Opened 5c high
er, closed easier. Top, $5; mixed and butch
ers', S4 6&@5; good to choice heavy, 14 "O'g'4 97% •
rough heavy, ?4 56(g'4 «5; light, |4 60@4 95; bulk
of eales. $4 77%«4 90. —
SHEEP— Receipts, - 12,000. Bheep, atronj;
. ',.'¦•'. LrVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb. Mar
Opening 6 % 6 2 B u"
Cloeing 6 % el eljj
PARIS.
«: .%% M^T e -
C! £? ln K 19 SO 2140.
r Jour — ¦ :
Opening 23 6C 27 60
Closing ....25 60 27 40
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWSLicenses to Marry.
OAKLAND,: Nov. 8.-Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to William Boyd Par
ker Jr.; aged 25, Vacaville, and- Bertha
Louise turn Suden, 24. Oakland ; Antone
Plava, 25, and Mary Gomes, 19, San
Leandiro; .Ferdinand John Peck, 25, San
Francisco, and Jennie K. Lemon, 23, Oak
land; Peter Ernest Wilson. 21,: Oakland,
and Lizzie Teresa Braden, 20, , Oakland :
George H. Marsh, 26, and Ida Morse, 22,
San* Francisoo.*-< i: ft
Oarsmen in Vaudeville.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 8.— Alameda Boating
Club members and their friends will
crowd Armory. Hall to-morrow night to
witness the annual vaudeville show put
on by the oarsmen. The list of perform
ers includes some of the best local and
outside talent to ' be \ had. and a splendid
entertainment is expected. The interior
of the hall has been hung with club colors
and the many pennants of victory. Ala
meda' S oar and paddle men have won.
A girl is loved by three men,
-one of whom she loves' in re
turn. At a dance her betrothed
is stabbed to the heart by one
of the rivals, -who then attempts
to carry the girl away with him j
but is in turn stabbed by the
third man. This man succeeds
in abducting the porr girtl de
spite the pursuit of her relatives,
He hides her and himself in a
cave far in the mountains. This
is a summary of a true episode
of recent occurrence in the
Southwest. Next Sunday's Call
will tell you the sequel.
Lighting Plant for Fruitvale.
OAKLAND. Nov. 8.— Fruitvale la to
have an electric lighting plant of .its own.
Articles of incorporation wer© filed to
day, with a number of Frultvale' people
as incorporators. for a plant that has for
its object the manufacturing and trans
mitting of electricity for lighting pur
poses. The Incorporators are J. C. Ham
mell. A. N. Frost. Charles H. Fehnemann.
J. H.-.W. Riley. P. H. Blake. L. Battles
and Amy G. G. Fehnemann.
Students Render Programme.
OAKLAND, Nov. 8.— The programme at
St. Columba's Church fair at Golden Gate
this evening was rendered by the students
of St. Mary's College. It- consisted of
the orchestral selections, "The American
Victory," "The Washington Post March"
end - '.'Whistling Ruf us." -There were sev
eral numbers by a quartet and soloists,
the following named assisting: j. p.
Plover, F.'E. Michel. A. Porter and J.
U. .tiarloe. ' - • -~ : • ' "• •..-¦•¦• .
Not Black Barts.
OAKLAND. Nov. R.— The Btory that MH
ton Dean and "Ulric Petersen. two little
KaFt Oakland ladfl, tried to play Black
Bart and Btood up two companions, was
only boyish play and did not call for pun
lEhment. 2 *
OAKLAND. Nov. 8. v — A divorce wrs
granted to-day by Judge Ellsworth to
Bert E. try from Mary E. Fry on tho
ground of desertion. The couple were
married in 1895 and lived together until a
year ago. when, according- to Fry his
wife left him, assigning no reason for her
action. Mrs. Fry did not appear to con
test the divorce. ,
The Frys Divorced.
OAKLAND. Nov. 8.— The inquiry by a
Coroner's Jury to-night Into the death of
Peter Farrell, who was shot during a
quarrel by Edmund Rivers, his brother
in-law, on October 26 and died last-Sun
day mornings from Jockjaw. resulted in
Rivers being held responsible for ¦ the
crime on a charge of manslaughter.
Held for Manslaughter.
LIVELY BOXING BOUTS
AT THE RELIANCE
OAKLAND, Nov. 8.— Some lively boxing
is expected to take place at the exhibition
to-morrow night at the Reliance Club.
Principal among the events is the feather
weight championship contest,; in which
Billy de Coursey and Tom Hermann will
engage. It will be a fifteen round go.
The ' other fights are to be between
George. Watson and Dick Martin and
Charles Johnson and Jack Dean, and
they should also be fast and lively.
MANY ATTEND JUDGE
ROSBOROXJGH'S FUNERAL
High Mass Ts Celebrated by Rev.
Father Gleason and Floral Of
ferings Ar« Numerous.
OAKLAND, Nov. S.-Many friends of
the late Judge A. til Rosborough attended
his funeral to-day from St. Anthony's
Church in East Oakland. High ' mass
was celebrated by the Rev. Father .Wil
liam Gleason. The casket was covered
with flowers and one of the floral pieces
was an emblematic design from the Oak
land Lodge of Elks.
The pallbearers were Judge William T.
Wallace, Judge E. W. McKinstry, Warden
Thomas Wilkinson. General Crittenden.
Captain W. G. Leale, A. II. Voorhies.
Hon. John R. Glascock and John J.
Valentine.
ENDEAVORERS' CONVENTION
TO MEET IN OAKLAND
OAKLAND, Nov. 8.— The forty-seventh
quarterly convention of the Christian En
deavor societies of Alameda County con
venes in Oakland to-morrow in the North
Temescal Presbyterian Church. Dr. O. S.
Dean, county president, will preside.
There will be the usual afternoon and
evening services with box iunches.
The afternoon dinner toasts will be led
by Dr. \V. W. Scudder of Alameda. .
"Dr. J. C. Gilbertson. choir master of th»
Temescal Presbyterian Church, will lead
the praise services. There will be anthems
by the choir and solos by the Mlsse3
Grace Avery. Julia Johnson; Edna RIttor
and Robert Hughes. "Diaoipleship " has
been selected as the convention theme.
Rev. William Kelly will lead.
' There will be an open parliament on
"Christian Endeavorers and the. Masse*, ".'
led by Rev. Thomas Baldwin of Alameda.
The main address will be- made by Rev.
William Rader. Addresses will be ma<l«s
by Rev. James Curry and Dr. O. 8. Dean.
The devotional services will be conducted
by John C. Suhr.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 8.
The city of Oakland will soon have an
election of its own, when several amend
ments to the present city charter will be
submitted to the people for ratification.
The City Council has set the date for this
election on December 8, exactly one month
from to-day. The call has been made and
the amendments have been framed.
The amendments are neither many nor
long, but they are considered essential to
regulate the present unsatisfactory con
dition of the municipal government. The
principal Idea is to take the offices cf
Mayor, City Attorney and City Engineer
out of patronage politics and put all ot
the patronage of the city in the hands. of
boards. For two years the city of Oak
land has suffered because of disagree
ments over patronage, and the business of
the city has been at a standstill because
of factional differences over appoint
ments. -The amendments to be submitted
on December 8 have been framed with
the idea of removing legislative and ad
ministrative officers from patronage as
much as possible and preventing the re
currence of the troubles that have beset
the city for nearly two years.
As the municipal laws stand now, the
Mavor, the City Attorney and the City
Engineer constitute the Board of Public
Works and the Board of Police and Fire
Commissioners and make all of the ap
pointments for the city. The proposed
amendments create a Board of Public
Works of three persons to be appointed
by the Mayor, to hold for six years, one
term to expire every two years, giving
eai-h Mayor the appointment of one mem
ber and preventing any one Mayor trom
se.-uring controlof the board. The sal
ary is to be $100 a month. There is to be
a separate Board of Police and Fire Com
missioners, arranged upon exactly the
same lines, with salaries of $40 a month.
The office of City Engineer is made
elective and the salary fixed at MOOO a
ve'ar, all fees to go to the city. The City
Engineer's offlce now costs the city nonrly
double that sum.
There are some minor, amendments— one
to allow the city to own a dredger to keep
its water front in" condition, another, to
allow the city to build a garbage crema
tory and one to allow the city to expend
J300 a year for celebrating Memorial day
and $1(00 a year for celebrating the Fourth
of July.
Trying to Take Offices
Out of the Whirl of
. Politics.
NOW VOTE UPON
CHARTER CHANGES
BERKELEY. Nov. 8.-Orral Overall, the
giant fullback of the university football
team, has been reinstated in the amateur
ranks, and will be pemiUed to play In
the annual Thanksgiving day game. The
official decision as to the amateur stand
ing of Overall was rendered by the Pacifie
Amateur Athletic Association to-night,
and an official registration card was is
sued to Overall, announcing that he waa
enrolled as an amateur and that his ama
teur standing was unquestioned.
Overall Is a freshman at the University
of California and proved to be one of the
most formidable members of this year's
team. - Stanford University tiled charges
of professionalism against him with the
faculty of the University of California,
charging that Overall played in a baseball
team in Visalia. hi9 home, on which team
one man drew a salary, and that he waa
thus disqualified for membership In the
University of California football team.
The faculty of the State University hekl
an investigation, sustained the charees
and disqualified Overall. It Is now an
nounced that this action was taken as a
matter of courtesy between the two uni
versities, as the one fact charged seemed
to be true, though it was a very technical
charge.
But the football enthusiasts of the State
University were not satisfied with this
decision and appealed the matter to the
Pacific Amateur Athletic Association,
which is the official and final judge of all
charges affecting the standing of an ath
lete in the amateur ranks. 'xul3 associa
tion appointed a special investigating com
mittee to inquire into thl3 case, with the
result that to-day a decision was rendered
In favor of Overall, who wtll now resume
practice at Berkeley and will undoubt
edly play in the Thanksgiving day game.
Decision jas to His Standing
Given by the Pacific
Association.
OVERALL RATED
AS AN AMATEUR
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Nov. 8.
As the result of a collision this morn-
Ing between a buggy, occupied by Robert
Fleming, superintendent of the telephone
company, and a wheel bearing Mrs. J.
Delon ot 831 Harrison street, the lady was
dangerously hurt. The injured woman
now lies at the Receiving Hospital, un
conscious from a concussion of the brain
and with chances about even for life or
death. . > ¦'.?'%
At the time of the 'accident Mrs. Delon
had finished shopping among the stores
and had started down Clay street to do
another errand, several parcels being in
her hands. When about in the middle of
the block between Ninth and Tenth
streets she met the buggy, in which was
seateci Superintendent Fleming. She
kept on the course sho had selected wnerx
she entered the street and would havi
passed the buggy on the left if everything
had gone right.
But as the two vehicles came close to
gether Fleming's horse, for some un
known reason, swerved suddenly in
toward the left curb, crowding the bi
cycle rider and making a colllson un
avoidable. Mrs. Delon turned quickly to
one side in an attempt to avoid the con
tact, but was not quick enough. She
struck the horse on the left fore shoulder,
knocking it oft its feet, and then fell in
the street within a few inches of the ani
mal's hoofs. In struggling to regain Its
feet the. horse kicked the ¦ prostrate
woman oh the back of the head, tearing
open the scalp and rendering her uncon
scious.
Fleming and some spectators of the ac
cident went to the unfortunate woman's
assistance and had her removed* to the
Receiving Hospital.
Mrs. Delon is a widow and supported
her aged mother by dressmaking. The
mother is a French woman, cannot speak
a word; of English, and only with diffi
culty could be made, to understand the
nature of her daughter's injuries.
Mrs. J. Delon Kicked by a
Horse While Lying in
the Street.
s
WOMAN INJURED
IN A COLLISION
cents' worth at any regular stand, an r l
there was a large expanse of leatner to
cover.
A crowd gathered, but Glennon got past
noticing and rubbed on. The bald-headed
man, with song and dance pants, who led
the sidewalk expansion party during the
heat of the time before election, said it
was a political object lesson. Glennon
thought so. too. but words failed him ami
np shine lightened the darkness. At la.-t
a .faint speck of light illumined, like the
first flush of a winter dawn, the sable ex
panse of Norris' shoe, and hope nerved
Glennon's arm till half of his heavy task
was done.
A willowy blonde, with chrysanthe
mums, passed by, leaning on the arm of
a downtown dry-goods clerk.
I "Oh, see!" she cried; "there's poor Billy
Glennon. I never thought that he'd come
to this. I rather liked him once."
Glennon heard. After this he grew cal
lous. No cruel je3t could wound him
after the blonde's words.
After it was over lots of folk woul<l
have congratulated Glennon, but he
seemed of a retiring disposition, and al
though Norris says tho shine will last him
till next election day, Glennon has no
AS the red bombs soared sky
ward on Tuesday night and
McKinley's election was real
In the fog the heart of Billy
v Glennon, who dispenses cigars
at the stand' In The Call building, san<:
shoeward and his thoughts turned ;o
blacking and elbow grease, for yesterday,
according to a bet duly made, registered
and lost, he had to black the pedal cover
ings of Janitor Jack Norris till the
leather reflected the little white clouds
which sail in the heavens.
Yesterday afternoon a group got to
gether in the rotunda of l»ie Call build
ing, and indications all pointed to some
thing doing. As the crock struck 2 Billy
Glennon sneaked " unostentatlonsly into
the building and a hurried conference was
held. After a little while Norris walked
out to the sidewalk, carrying a chair.
Glennon followed, wearing a shield after
the manner of a warrior bold, inscribed
with the motto. "I Lost." A friend fol
lowed with a box of blacking and a brush.
Shoes never took so long to shine as did
those of Norris. It would have been 10
hankering after the laurels a shoe-bur
nisher may wear.
SUPERVISOR HAS TROUBLES.
Supervisor. James P. Booth Is lying
awake nights trying to think out a plan
of campaign by which he can roll a pea
nut to the top of the Press Club building:
stairs without spending the rest of the
century at it. He could easily get that
harmless peanut upstairs If he were al
lowed to choof e the method, but the terms
of the bet,- of which he was or the lobster
side, dictate that he must roll the peanut
upstairs with a toothpick.
The Supervisor has gone into light train-
Ing for the feat. He la also searching the
stands for an educated peanut that can,
hop from one step to the next when it 13
prodded with a toothpick. He is experi
menting with, invisible threads, steel wire
and other paraphernalia of the black art.
If worst comes to worst, he will attempt
to ring in a pot of mucilage.
F. N. Moore, the Press Club member
to whom Booth lost the bet. watches the
Supervisor's anguish with delight and;
complacently strokes his luxuriant beard,
saved by McKinley's victory from sacri
fice.
BILLY GLENNON PUTS A MIRRORLIKE SHINE ON THE EXPANSIVE SHOES OF JACK NORRIS BEFORE A
FULL STREET IN PAYMENT OF AN ELECTION BET. SUPERVISOR JIM BOOTH PREPARES FOR AN
ORDEAL. THAT IS SOON TO CONFRONT HIM BECAUSE OF HIS RASHNESS.
\
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
, 111S Broadway, Nov. S.
The Alameda County Sunday School
Teachers' Association held Its annual ses
sion in the First Methodist Episcopal
Church to-day. The meeting was called
to order by K. E. Hunt, the vice president
of the association, owing to the death of
the president. Rev. J. H. Miller of San
Leandro. The session is being largely at
tended.
In the morning there were papers read
by Earl S. Bingham of San Jose, Miss
Katherine Frost of Oakland, C. C. Lom
bard and Mr«. E. P. Dennett of Alameda.
Mrs. B. B. Bakie of luortn and Mrs.
Gleason of Oakland.
At the close of the morning service the
following committees were appointed:
Nomination— T. F. Brady. Berkeley: A. J.
Waters, Nlles; C. C. Lombard. Oakland: Miss
Palmer. Llvermore; Miss A. Lowrle., Newark.
Resolution*— E. B. Winning, John McCarthy,
Berkeley, and Earl S. Binsham, San Jose.
The afternoon programme was as fol
lows:
Song swrvice: reading of Scripture and prayer;
pong; paiM?r. "Primary." Miss Helen II. Babb,
State Primary Superintendent; paper, "Pri
mary." Mr». Pag** of Oakland; discussion; pri
mary choir; paper, "Primary* Work," Mrs. E.
R. Bromley. Golden Gate; paper, "Primary
Work." Mrs. \V. J. Baker of North Oakland;
open to discussion; primary choir; reports of
otflcers; reports of committees; primary choir;
paper, "My Primary," Mrs. V. H. Robinson of
West Berkeley; jiarer, "My Primary." Mrs.
M. F. Snow of Alameda: cp^n discuseion; ponff;
paper. "Primary Work." Miss Grace EHinnett
of East Oakland: paper, "Primary Work," Miss
M. Blythe of West Oakland; discussion.
Resolutions were adopted favoring
house to house work for -the Increase of
Sunday school attendance: favoring
county organization for Sunday schools;
an annual county convention; normal
class work; a copy of the Bible In the
hands of every scholar, and the observ
ance of a general rally day.
The election of officers resulted as fol
lows*: President, J. V. Bacon of Oakland;
secretary. Miss Dell Jewell of Oakland;
statistical secretary. Miss Mabel Palmer
of Livr-rmore; treasurer, S. A. "Williard of
Oakland: superintendent of home depart
\ ment, Mrs. F. H. Robinson of Berkeley;
; Fiiporintendent of primary department,
j Alice Xatsmith of Oakland: Fuoerin
j tendent of normal department. Mrs. C. C.
! I/)mbanl of Oakland. ¦ :
Tho dflepates In attendance are:
T. F. Hrody. Bertteiey: J. V. P.acon, Oakland;
C C Lombard, Oakland: W. B. I'rfrtdy, Hay
•<vard«; Mrs. <-. C. KpraJlln. Melrose; Miss Dell
Jewell. Oakland* Mrs. M. X. HaCkett. Miss
Grarc Harfcptt. Rev. T. F. Walton; Mr*. P.
It. Walton. San I/rndro; Henry T. Plant,
Saratoga: C. O. Mllr.ern. LMa M. Shelley, Mel
rooe; Winifred Pander*. Melroee; Rebecca A.
Belcher. Oakland: H. J. Waters. Nile*: Nettle
O*-ary. Oakland: Mauri Oolher. Oakland; Mrs.
Itachael Wenrtt. Wen Herkeley; Julia 8. John
son. Oaklan.1; Annetta J. Olson. Oakland; Rev.
F. F. I'eaiw, San Lorenzo; Mrs. M. C. Smith.
EaFt Oakland: Mr-. M. L. Hunt, Kast Oak
land: Mrs. L K. Munro. Berkeley; Mrs. Kath
arine Fros:. North Oakland; Mrs. Josephine
Maroton. Berkeley; Mi«s Anna Brown, Oak
land: I'bnebe Lowrlf, Newark; Mrs. H. C
Gair.pg. Berkeley; Mrs. >I. C. McClee*. Oak
land: n. E. Hunt. Frultvale: Mabel K. Palmer,
Livertrore; Mrs. K. P. I>ennett. Alameda; Mrs.
A. E. Oleason. Oakland; Mrs. D. A. Johnston,
Oakland.
Convention of the Teachers
of Alameda County in
Oakland.
WORKING FOR THE
SUNDAY SCHOOLS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111R Broadway. Kov. 8.
Although Judge Hart to-day admitted
in evidence during: the rates, suit trial j
the report of Engineer L. J. Le Conte j
made in lsSfi to the City Council upon the
valuation of the Contra. Costa Water j
Company's plant, there is h wide differ- I
cnof' in opinion between the contesting j
attorney as to the value of the report.
The fact is, as developed from Le '
rente's candid admissions on the witness
etanfl, that a large amount of the Infor- '
mation it which his estimates of value
fare bas^a was simply given to him by ;
Anthony Chabot as a matter of recollec- i
tion. But most important <>f all. the evi- |
dence Is now upon the formal records of I
the case that there were no records kept i
by the water company of the early work !
of construction upon the great San L«an- ,
<;ro dam from 1*kj» to 1S7G. Engineer Le
< v.nte declared that ther^ was very little
Information extant upon any of The un- •
'ierground work which was done, and that I
'.:'¦ had r^Hed upon Chabot." s statements to
cover that lapse.
Not only that, but there was little or
nothing of record, according to Le Conte,
concerning the constructing work in 1SS6.
The maps then in existence showed only j
the works as projected by the company i
up to that year, but did not Indicate what j
was actually done. In other words, none
of the modifications, changes and altera- .
tkms in the original plans were available. '
In his explanation of the 1«M> report, '
Engineer Le Conte, as the water com
j.any'p witness, admitted that he had been i
employed by the City Coum-ii of that year j
to prepare an estimate of valuation. " lie -
said, in response to questions:
"Mr. Chabot. thf-n president of the Con- \
:ra Costa Water Company, showed me I
over the works and gave m<.- a broad, gen
eral outline of the system. He placed at
my disposal such records as he had. but :
I then discovered the lack of facts In ;
them; and he paid he had given me all the '
data he had.
"I grot the best Information there was
at hand. That Is the best I can say."
Then Attorney McCuuhen wnmed Le
Conte to refresh his memory from the re
port in giving his testimony. Mr. Hayne
objected until he had a chance to cross
examine Le Conte.
"The trouble is that the Council called
for an accurate and correct report." ex
plained Le Conte, "and the information
was lacking, as I have explained. It is
true that there were few or no records of
the early construction.
"I had to roly for my data largely on
Mr. Chabot and the constructing enginrrr.
I got «1I facts and details of the under
ground work from Mr. Chabot. there be
ing no record of it."
Mr. McCutchen a*, last offered the re
port itsolf in evidence.
There was long argument. Mr. Hayne
objected on the ground that on the face of
the evidence the report was largely made
up from hearsay; that L<? Conte had re
lir-d for everything about thv works ex
cent v.hat he could actually pee upon
hearsay^ and that It oould not be material
or relevant testimony. ...
But Judge Hart overruled the objection
and made the report part of the record.
His Honor held that because some of the
Councilman had said they had considered
»his report that it should be Introduced.
During some preliminary argument Mc-
Cutchen made the statement that so far
as a City Council was concerned It was
to be treated in a legal sense the same as
an Individual. . \" • _ :-
Ueplying. Hayne started off: "Counsel
has said that the City Council is no better
than an individual."
"Sometim^R Worse," Interrupted the sar
castic Mr. Moore. •' • . '..* ¦ - : --^
•Well, if the balance shall ever be
struck in this case we will nnd that the
<"')uncil hasn't burned any books or done
anything of that kind." quietly retorted
Ha'vne. The thrust struck home.
The Contra Costa Water Companj-s
strong play with relation to the Le Conte.
report is its effort to force proof that the
valuation of J2.728.9i6 on the plant, exclu
sive of water rights, real estate, rights of
wav and land damages shall be a basis of
cost up to 1S86. Otitsfde of Kngineer
lioardman'B testimony, the company has
it* hands full in trying to bridge the
chasm from ISC'? to 1SS6. The admitted
raucitv of records of construction forced
th« company to fight for the Le Conte re
port to be admitted as evidence.
This morning Le Conte gave his esti
mates cf the cost of construction on the
San Leandro and Temescal dam since
Dsc as follows: San Leandro plant. $401,
«v' Temescal dam. (."..'14. Added to his
.stimatfs up to 1S86. the total would be
for each plant: San 4>ea«dro, $t#6,126;
Trmescal. ES2.8S7. Engineer Boardman'a
figures are: San Leandro. $737,500: Teznes
<al. $3*58.000.
After thes* eetlmate* were presented,
figures were introduced showing that the
pipe lines of the combined water com
pany's system covered 347 miles.
Water Company Has No
Data of Early Work on
Big Plant,
LACK OF RECORDS
OF CONSTRUCTION
The Bay City Athletic Club gave Its
monthly fistic exhibition last night at
Palo Alto Hall, 320 O'Farrell street, before
a large gathering.
The first pair of boxers, F. Neil and
Charley Anderson, started in to furnish
an interesting set-to, but when the round
was about half over Anderson found a
soft spot In the ring, where he could lie
comfortably until ten seconds had been
counted out to him. Neil landed a hard
one in the start-off, and from that time
Anderson devoted most of his energy* to
ward trying to crawl through the ropes.
Charley McCarthy and Pete Coleman
made it' interesting for the spectators
through five good rounds. Both were will
ing and anxious to score a knockout, and
at the, end of the fourth round, honors
being even, another round was ordered.
The youngsters went at it with a will,
and when the gong sounded at the finish
there was nothing to choose. The referee's
decision, a draw, satisfied the crowd.
The best bout of the evening was that
between Gus Salisbury and Charles Haw
ley. From start to tlnish it was a fight
that was never lacking In any of the
qualities that please ring patrons. Two
extra rounds were fought before a winner
could be named. Hawley had a slight
lead at the start and held It throughout,
though Salisbury was ever ready to land
a hard one or take a few, in a. mix-up
The boys set a rapid pace in the first
round and never eased a bit until Hawley
was declared the victor at the end of the
sixth. The general verdict was that the
bout was a more satisfactory one than
the average big tight seen in San Fran
cisco.
The bout between Abe Attell and Frank
Dell furnished amusement. The scrap
pers weighed in at 107 pounds. Dell, a
chunky, cross-eyed young Itaidan, when
the. gong sounded: crouched bo low and
swung about so wildly that he seetned to
be giving an imitation of a first attempt
at swimming. ¦ .
Garrlty and Sullivan, featherweights
went through four slow rounds. Sullivan
got the decision.
For two rounds his work consisted of
long distance swings. Attell caught him
a couple of stiff ones in the third round
and after a mixup In his corner he took
the advice of his seconds and went to
sleep.
Harry Bowers won from Sailor Sharkey
in four rounds. Bowers swung often and
landed seldom. The bout, was not scien
tific, though quite amusing.
Fred Bell and Dan Berry kept the crowd
yelling during the two extra rounds or
dered by the judges.
The final event, the go between Jack
Sullivan and James Ryan, was an or
dinary affair and required an extra round
for a decision. Sullivan won.
Eight Bouts of Fisticuffs at
the Bay^ City Club's
Entertainment.
YOUNG BOXERS 00
SOME FUST WORK
velopment was begun almost immediately.
"Klondike" Berry and a number of his
Frtsno friends were interested in the
proposition. AboutjJO.OOO or SO.OoO shares
of the' yOt.i.OOO which were issued werj
paid up and are under the control of Lay
mance. Less than 100.000 shares came
into the hands of Dingee. and later
Bowles and Waiklnson. But by consent
of the stockholders, the first board of di
rectors which was organized was con
trolled by the minority holders, Dingee,
Bowles and Watkinson. The other mem
bers of the board were Dr. Merrell and
Laymance.
Meanwhile the oil properties were de
veloping in excellent shape. Oil was
struck in commercial quantities. The fu
ture seemed rosy and everything pointed
toward the success of the proposition as
a big financial* investment, and. barring
the struggle now on, the investors are
still satisfied that there will be big things
In the deal. The best evidence of the
belief of the stockholders is the bitter
ness which has been manifested in the
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, ONE OF
THOSE EMBROILED OVER
OIL STOCK.
Business , Relationship of W. J. Dingee and W. C. Beatie
Is Broken as a Result.
split of the Interests Involved
The first intimation that was given to
the Berry forces of the impending effort
to win control of the company, came to
light about six weeks ago. The board of
directors, including Dingee. Bowles and
Watkinson, held a meeting ajid decided to
levy an assessment of 5 cents a share on
the Giant Oil Company's stock. The
Berry-Beatie-Vinzent side, with its 300 -
000 shares, rose in rebellion. The nominal
purpose of tho assessment was to pay up
some outstanding accounts and to use the
balance In further work on the properties.
The Berry side at first decided that they
wculd fight the levying of that assess
ment and make a test. The majority
stockholders appeared to be in the
hands of a minority board of directors.
But they bided their time. The day for
the annual meeting of the Giant Oil Com
pany came along. With the 300,000 shares
<f stock, plus the paid up holdings of Lay
mance combined, they ousted the Dingee
board of directors, electing In their place
Clarence Berry, Dr. Merrell, W. C. Beatie
Ed G. Vinzent and M. J. Laymance.
These directors promptly adopted a res
olution postponing the day of sale of the
delinquent stock. The question arose
whether one faction did not hope that tho
assessment would not be paid. But those
brhlnd the guns on the Berry side are not
yet ready to declare publicly what was
the opposition's purpose. The day and
hour of sale as fixed by the old board of
directors was 2 n. m. Wednesday, Novem
ber 7. and they sold the stock that was
delinquent, according to their contention
to Banker P. E. Bowles..
The deposed directors Dingee. Bowles
nnd Watktnson made the claim that the
meeting at which they were ousted was
not regular; that the action In postponing
the time of the sale was unwarranted.
:ind that the new board had not any legal
standing in its capacity as directors. The
majority stockholders paid the assess
ment to Laymance. who was elected sec
retary by them at this reorganization
meeting, as a matter of protecting their
interests, but the opposition refused to
recognize Laymance's right to accept the
assessment. Both sides ; have secured
counsel. Emll Nusbaumer has been re
tained by the Bowles interests, while On
the other side are R. M. Fitzgerald. John
H. Durst of San Francisco and Frank
Short of Fresno, who represents the Berry
investments.
Edward McGary Jr. will succeed Mr.
Beatic in the Contra Costa Water Com
pany. When asked to-night about his re
tirement. Mr. Beatie said: "Upon the ad
vice of my attorneys, I have nothing to
say for publication."
Attorney Emll Nusbaumer, representing
Bowles, declined to discuss, the matter
upon the ground that it was as yet a pri
vate transaction.
OAKLAND. Nov. 3.— The sever
ing of a twenty years' confiden
tial business relationship be
tween William J. Dingee. vice
president and controlling owner
r.f the Contra Costa Water Company, arid
Walter C. Beatle. secretary of that cor
poration. Is one of the important feature.*
of a battle that has opened for thr con
trol of the Giant Oil Company and the
California Standard Oil Company of this
city.
Along with this separation comes th-i
announcement of the retirement from
Willlnm J. Dlr.pr^e"? real estate firm O*
Ed G. Vlnzcnt. who has also for man. 1 ,
yrarp been clos<-ly associated with the
Onkland water magnate. Vinzent's with
drawal Is due to the same clash which
has severed Beatie's connections with
Dinpce. Behind this separation Is tho
st ->ry of the fierce struggle which has in
volved men of State and Interstate im
portance In the financial and Investment
world.
The fight Involves as the chief prin
cipals William J. Dingee on one side and
Clarence Berry, the Klondike mining king.
on the other. Ranged upon the Dingee
side are J. H. T. Watkinson. president of
the Contra Costa Water Company, and
P. E. Bowles, president of the First Na
tional Bank. Dr. J. M. Merrell. a prom
inent mining man. Is also heavily inter
ested, while behind Berry are half a dozen
prominent investors of Fresno. Beatic.
Vinzent and M. J. Laymance of this city,
the original promotof of the companies*,
with Dr. Mtrrell. have lined up behind
the Berry imprests and the fight is on to
a finish. The situation came to a hoa<i
yesterday when the Dingee board of di
rectors sold out, 300.000 shares of Giant Oil
stock held by the Borry faction,
<>n the claim that it was delinquent upon
an assessment of 5 cents a share. The
Berry side hold receipts from Laymance,
the secretary of the company, for the as
sessment paid up. and now the courts, it
is expected, will shortly be called upon
to sottle the question of title to the stocK.
and the control of what ail of the In
vestors believe Is to be a fortune-making
deal in oil lands.
¦j he story opens nearly a year and a
half ago when M. J. Laymance organiz?d
\ho (Jiant Oil Company and the Califor
nia Standard Oil Company. Dingee. Dr.
Morrr-'.l ami some others were Interested,
including Beatie and Vinzent. The two
corporations lensed and subsequently
bnnftVd about 1200 acr^s of land at Me-
Kittrick in the Kern County oil belt. De-
Made a Publie Shoe Blacking Wager With Billy Glennon,
1 . Cigar Vender, on Result of Eleetion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 8.
: The annual bazaar of the Ladies' Relief
Society, which was held to-day at the res
idence of Mrs J. N. Knowles, on Jackson
street, was distinctively a society event.
From 2 o'clock in the afternoon until 10
o'clock this evening the great rooms of
the Knowles home were thronged with
ultra-society people of Oakland. All aft
ernoon and evening there was the* rustle
of many movements and the hum of busy
conversation. The hum increased in vol
ume at night, when the crowd was aug
mented by the presence of many gentle
men, :. .
As for the sale, from it was realized for
the ladles' relief work a very considerable
sum. The sale of articles useful and or
namental was far beyond the most san
guine expectations of the management.
Before the evening came tQ an end there
was not a commodity left of the many
original ones that could be sold, bo fast
did the things go.
Nothing could have been more simple
than the decorations, but their very sim
plicity made them attractive. They con
sisted of great sprays of huckleberry
branches set In vases and bunches of
white and yellow chrysanthemums at in
tervals upon the sale tables. In each of
the large rooms several sale tables were
placed, these being bountifully laden with
articles of all kinds.
- The first of these tables was the tea
table, over which Mrs. William Taylor,
assisted by Mrs. Harry J. Knowles, Mrs.
Fred Magee and Miss Carrie Havens, pre
sided. Upon !t was an elegant silver serv
ice, which was busily employed at all
times In the serving of most delicious tea.
At the lemonade table Mrs. Lloyd
Rawlings, Mrs. George C. Edwards and
Miss Jane Rawlings presided and gave re
treshment to the many who visited there.
The candy table was in charge of MIsb
Louise de Frcmery, Miss Florence Selby,
Miss Sue de - Fremery, Miss Miranda
Brainard and Miss Jean Howard. The
candy was home-made — by the ladles of
the Relief Society. It was secreted in
pretty baskets, and berlbboned boxes that
were each a purchase in Itself.
All sorts of useful things were to be had
nt the household table, which was under
the care of Miss A. E. Minor, Mrs. A.
Llllencrantz. Mrs. W. D. Gellette, Mrs.
J. B. Treadwell and Miss Mabel Gellette.
There were 'Tatchalls." laundry bags,
dusters, brushes, mats and many other
things in dally use in the household.'
The miscellaneous *ahlo. was burdened
with a Kro.Tt number of infar.ts' articles,
klmonau. nfflans and little dresses. Tho
»ad!es who ,old thorn were Mrs. John T
Wriffht. Mrs Wlllium Me*>k Mrs. W p!
Mmizy, Miss Cf>mrt>el! and Mrs. Thomis
Phoby Jr.
There wore some elegant tMnes at the
pillow and '.amp shade table, and many
were the exclamations of wonder at their
beauty and design. Oriental por~h r>il
lovrs, hammock niilows. big pillows rind
little pillows, cushion covers and Oriental
squares made up tho department. The
lamp shade department was equally good
tn th» variety of iis show, many 'of the
shades being very handsome. Mrs. c O
G. Miller and Miss Mary Durham wera in
charge of this table.
Mrs. Louis Tashlera, Mrs. Spencer
Brown. Mrs. Allen Babcock and Miss
Radford disposed of commodities from
the apron table. There were aprons of
every description— aprons for nurses and
aprons for children, all of them, prettily
worked. v
The fancy articles table was presided
over' by Misa Campbell. Miss Marv de
Fremery and Miss Crissle Taft. It" was
their duty to sell at the very highest price
procurable center pieces of all kinds and
sizes— dollies, mats, fans and fancy bags.
The doll table was one of the prettiest
and most interesting of the bazaar. There
were dolls that talked and some that
didn t talk; they were of all sizes and pro
portions. Besides the dolls, there were
doll dresses, bonnets and afghans. The
fancy stockings for the use of Santa Claus
were pretty. Miss Alice Knowles and
Miss Ruth Knowles were in charge of the
dolls and their things. The young ladles
who assisted them were: Miss Bessie
Palmer, Miss Chrissle Taft. -Miss Ruth
Dunham, Miss Leslie Greerf. Miss Ella
Sterrett. Miss Bertha McElrath, Miss
Phfbe McElrath, Miss Pauline Fore and
Miss Ethel Valentine.
,The Modoc and Klamath Indian baskets
attracted great attention. There were not
half enough to go aroujid and not long
after the sale commenced they had been
all sold. Mrs. J. N. Knowles, Mrs. C. L.
Bliss and Mrs. Henry H. Adams were at
this table.
It was only durfng the evening hours
that the guests were entertained with a
programme of music and song. This was
entirely Impromptu, the ladles present
who were called upon. lending their talent
for the pleasure or the guests
To Mrs. J. N. Knowles. Mrs. E. C Wil
liams, Mrs. Dam. Mrs. Matthews, Mrs. J
E. McElrath and Mrs. Harry L. Gordon
are due the praise for the success of the
bazaar. They worked earnestly In its be
half and made it complete in every par
ticular, the result being that all who at
tended were pleased beyond measure.
The purpose of the bazaar was to raise
funds to give Christmas cheer to the in
mates of the homes af\ Temescal sup
ported by the Ladles' Relief Society.
There are three of these homes, one being
for aged women, one for children and one
for infants.
The advisory board of the Ladies* Re
lief Society consists of Isaac Requa,
Charles M. Cookc, Hon. George C. Per
kins, J. L. N. Shepard, C. O. G. Miller. T.
L. Barker, Colonel George C. Edwards'
The legal advisor is D. G. Campbell "and
the medical*, advisor ib Dr. Edward von
Adelung.
The directors are: Mrs. R. G. Brown
Miss Campbell, Mrs. U E. Dam Mrs J
E.v McElrnth. Mrs. George C. Edwards*
Mrs. W. D. Gellette, Mrs. H. F. Gordon,
Mrs. A. Llllencrantz. Mrs. E. G. Matth
ews, Mrs. John B. Mhoon, Mrs. Jefferson
Maury, Misa A. E. Miner. Mrs. E. C. Wil
liams. Mrs. J. T. Wright. Mrs. J. N.
Knowles. v : '"
The managers are: Mrs. Spencer
Browne, Mrs. Allen Babeoek, Miss Louise
de fremery. Miss Jean Howard, Mrs C
O. G. Miller, Mra. William Meek. Miss IC
C. Radford. Mrs. Lloyd Rawllngrs Mrs Fl
M." Smith. Mrs. W. H. Taylor, Mrs. James
Treadwell. Mrs. Louis Tashelra. Mrs. j.
H. T. Watkinson, Mlsd Mary Dunham.
The officers of the society for 1900 are*
Mrs. E. C. Williams, president; Mrs J
E.. McElrath, first. Vice president; Mrs. J.
B.Mhoon, second viceipresldent; Miss A
E. Miner, treasurer; Mrs. W. D. Gellette
recording secretary; Miss Campbell, cor
responding secretary. •
Affair at the Knowles Residence De
velops Into a Great Success
Financially, Socially and
Artistically.
CHARITY BAZAAR
A GREAT SUCCESS
Ladies Gather in Some Good
Red Gold for the
JANITOR NORRIS OWES HIS
GLOSSY SHINE TO McKINLEY
BATTLE BEING WAGED FOR
CONTROL OF OIL COMPANIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1900.
11
- Dora— I have my photo taken every
three years. I think it is so interesting. ¦
Gracie— Gracious! v Whatever, do you do
with them all?— Glasgow Evening Times.
"The party threw me overboard," said
the man with the gloomy cast of counte-
nance. itf4B3B*MBI*3i
"And now." asked the Professional An*
noyer, "you belong to the floating vot«r*—
Indianapolis Press.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1900.
12
_.;•'¦ FLATS TO LET.
FINE modern flat, 7 rooms and bath. 625 Golden
Gate ave.. bet. Van Ness ave. and Franklin.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HQWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SANSOME-, 712— Sunny flat, $16. 804 Sansome—
"Nice store, $10. " '
VALENCIA, 446%-Upper flat of three sunny
rooms; rent $3: "key at 444 Valencia.
*7~4-KOOM flats on Victor St.. oft Bryant, bet.
'th. and, nth. Inquire at trrpcery. »4t Brvant.
FCRMTURB FOR SALE^
4 ROOMS furnished In~olk~fo7$48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket st.: telephone South 637.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY~buys your", furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 77C Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 13o4.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent 1305 Larkin; tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with .1. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, oarnets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISo
• ••••• HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
6 waitresses, first-class country hotels, JZO
and $25; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 2 restaurant
waitresses. $6 and 7: chambermaid to wait,
$20; chambermaid, $15: woman cook, small
restaurant. $30 anu found; woman cook for
exchange In country see party here, and
many others.
•¦ FAMILY DEPARTMENT •••••••¦••
Choice place for nice houseglrl, Oakland, $25;
6 very choice places city, ?25: invalid's nurse,
$20; French housegirl $-5; chambermaid and
laundress, city, $25- n'ursfglrl, care of 2 chil-
dren, $12, $15; Italian housekeeper, house-
gii Is. nursegirls, cooks, etc. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— GIRL for cleaning. Institution $20
Restaurant cook $ 30
Working housekeeper ..'. ..$15
Laundress, country hotel $23
Chambermaid and laundress *2o
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL competent to do general housework can
obtain permanent employment at good wages.
Call between 10 and 12 a. m., 425 Shrader St.,
telephone Page 7411.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladles' tailor gar-
ments; only best need apply. A. CAILLEAU,
114-116 Kearny st.
A GIRL about 13 or 14 for light housework and
to learn dressmaking; $5 a month to begin
with. 144 Precita av-e.
FINISHERS on ladles' cloaks; steady work.
Apply L. HORVITZ, 751 Market st.
GOOD talloress on custom coats. M. BERWIN,
219 Grant ave. »^ •
A YOUNG woman for general housework; easy
Place. Apply at 310 Twelfth st., below Folsom.
WANTED — Woman to cook in delicacy store.
122 Fifth st.
GIRL for general housework and assist with
cooking; $20. 2912 Clay st.
GIRL for housework: wages $15. Call 202 Town-
send St.. restaurant.
GIRL to assist in light housework. Call 4115
Twentieth St.. bet. Noe and Castro.
GIRL for housework an* cooking. Ell Van
Ness eve.
GIRL for housework and help ln kitchen;
wages $15. 1020 Howard st
GIRL, housework and cooking, small family;
no children; $15. 1226 Page, before 1 p. m.
WANTF.D— An experienced sewer; also an er-
rand girl. S34 Sutter st.
GIRL wanted to assist ln light housework;
family of 1. 9S6 Sutter St.
WANTED— Waitress for Breuss' Cafe; wages
. $S per week. 70 Third st.
YOUNG girl from 14 to IS to help with house-
work. 984 Geary Bt.
WOMEN to learn nursing. Call 3627 Grove St..
Oakland.
GIRL wanted for light housework ln family of
3; wages $10. Mrs. Fllttner. 1435 O'Farrell.
WOMAN to help around; good home. 1915 J 4
Golden Gate ave.. bet. Baker and Lyon sts.
WANTED — An educated young woman as gov-
erness and lady's maid; one willing to assist
with housework; good wages, splendid home,
for right party. Apply 313 Call building.
ALTERATION hands on suits and Jackets;
highest wages, but only best hands need ap-
ply. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny st.
WOMAN free from home cares can secure per-
manent position by addressing at once box
3S00. Call office.
GIRL wanted to assist light houeework and
tRke care of bal*y; good home. 1632 McAllis-
ter st.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and general
housework: good wages and a desirable place.
Apply S13 Call building.
GIRL for cooking and general housework ln
small family. 3740 23th St., cor. Fair Oaks.
YOUNG women's boarding home; 127 Turk; es».
by Christian ladles; board & lodg., $3 wk. up.
WOMAN wanted to do washing every Monday
_Call 2217 Sacramento at.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work. Call mornings 1510 Hyde st.
PANTS finisher wanted. 2S3H Stevenson st.
WANTED— Shoefitters and vampers at shoe
factory, 134 Main St.
GIRL for light housework: kind to children;
wages $7. 1722 Devisadero st., near Sutter.
TAILORESS— Girl to work on vests.' 617 Jessie
street. ¦
RESPECTABLE girl to. assist in light house-
work; plain cooking. 30 Valley st.; Guerrero-
st. cars.
SEWING girls, attention! — Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee shirts: steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co., 27 Jessie st.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
214 Hyde st.
WOMAN wanted to do cooking ln small board-
Ing house. 322 Main st.
GLOVE banders and binders and driving-glove
makers. FARRANT & CO.. 1435 Market st.
GIRLS to learn book folding. 636 Clay street.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. bet. 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recelveJ at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
A— MURRAY sTnEJ^Y?^?^?hone^Uikln^mi
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
•••• WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
MECHANICAL HELP
Stonemason Blacksmith
Wagonmakers and wood workers, country
S ahop
Carriage painter Shingle packer
Harnessmaker for ranch
Fanners and dairymen and wives
$40 and found
28 farm hands and plow teamsters
$26 and $30 and found
Stablemen, buggy washers and hostlers
$30 and found and $">0 j
150 woodchoppers and tlemakers, $3, $2, $1 50 '
and $1 cord; tiemakers, 10c, 12c and 13c each.
tools, provisions and cabins furnished
Choremen and boys..
MURRAY & READY ...634-636 Clay St. !
A— HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS
Head waiter for a club $40 and found .
Bakers, bread foreman, cake, foreman and '
second and third hands, $12 to $20 week: 15 ,
cooks, city and country. $30 to $50 and found; I
butchers: waiters, city and country; porter,
country hotel; man for delicatessen store, and ¦
others '.
MURRAY & REAJ3Y ...634-636 Clay st.
A— WANTED
Middle-aged man to care horses for private .
business stable, $30 'and found > :
Farmer and wife, see boss here early... .$45 }
Driver for milk wagon.... ..135 and found J
Farm hand and plow $26 ' •
Miner to run tunnel ........ $2 a foot ' •
Third hand baker. .$30 and found and fare pal.l :
Woodchoppers, 4-foot 80c and $1 a cord :
Cook, wash his own dishes $40 i
¦W..D. EWER & CO....... 610 Clay st. j
A— CARPENTERS, 5 cablnat makers,: 8 bench j
hands. 3 sticker hands, 2 shaper hands. Me- ! \
chanics' Registration Bureau, ,410 Kearny st., : -
room 9; non-union mechanics, please register; j
new jobs daily; no office fees. . j
A MAN to buy a route: good paying business, i ,
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. j J
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ- '
nient. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 132. '
EXPERIENCED salesman I for merchant tail-
oring; • Inside . and outside work; salary and !
commission; .apply early. LEON LEMOS,
• 1117 Market st. . • .
$1 50, $2 DAY paid (salary) men advertise arti- :
cle showing to householders. Send address ¦
/with 4c for contract and correspondence) N. j
Y. Supply Co., box 124, Call. ' ¦; |
WANTED— A bushelmsm at RAPHAEL'S. !
¦_• -- ; ;; ;:;. - ~ ' - ¦ -¦¦-:.¦ ! " . 3
WANTED— Cash boys at RAPHAEL'S. '
WANTED— A good jobbing gardener; one who
I understands his business; a reliable man. 585
Valencia st. \
COATMAKERS and nantsmakers for country. ]
Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 25 Sutter Bt. ,
j BCSIXESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
! WANTED— Single man with $300 as partner in
| ealcon located 1 block from Hall of Justice.
Airly 4C3-425 Jackson st.
STATE and county rights for sale in a newly
patented household article: quick seller; big
money. 327 Market et., room 613.
INSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
CALL business office.
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
I A ISRANCH office for Call advertisements ana
i fubfcriptlons has been established at 103<
I Valencia st. ' i ..;.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB. SALE.
j sTENBERG~&^^r.?7rr?rrrrrr!75r^rrket~7iu
Phone Black 4071
I MONEY TO LOAN ON ALL HOUSES.
j 21 rooms Powell; best transient $1200
I 19 rooms; Ellis; new and elegant bargain. 1600
10 rooms; near Eddy; best ln city 650
j 16 rooms; fine corner; all full 850
9 rooms; good location: cheap rent 550
i 24 rooms; sunny; all housekeeping 1600
• 6 rooms; new; a bargain 175
j Many others. Call for llet. STENBERG & CO.
; HALF interest ln beet paying hotel ln city;
¦ •ore thing; profits immense. Call for particu-
, lars. STENBERG & CO.. 753 Market st.
| A. L. WILLEY, room 18, 916 Market St.
; 16 rooms, $7'iO; rent with water, $25. Howard,
¦ near new Postoffice; all rented.
I l r i rooms, $!10o; rent with water. $65. Geary
[St.: oak furniture; hot water In every room.
• 29 rooms. $1700; rent $100; one floor. Market I
, St.. opposite I. O. O. F. building.
i Other houses, lots, farms, mines and any-
1 thing you want for sale or exchange. 916 Mar-
¦ ket f>t.? open from 8 to 8; phone Black 5215.
I BUYERS of lodging houses will find large Hat;
I fine bargains In lodging houses. Sample*:
¦ 10! room?; rent $64; price J1500.
j 32 rooms; rent $34; price $400.
j 44 rooms; rent $250; fine corner; clears $300 a
• month; price $4300. ,
! Wo loan money to buyers at 1H per cent.
I PCHWEINHARD & CO., 917 Market St., be-
I :ween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
HOUSE If rooms; Halght St.; low rent.
! House 27 rooms; O'Farrell St., good paying.
j House 11 rooms; Van Ness ave.
i House 16 rooms; Fourth st.
i House 24 rooms; Geary st.; rent $100; $1250.
See large list of houses at office.
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO., 3 Eddy st.
i R H.^WINSTON A- CO.. 1C26 Market st.
i 16 rooms: rent $30: only $450
j 3S rooms; rent $".0: for 630 i
I G9 ronrns; muFt sell: only 21W
i 35 rcKms; corner: reduced to 800 j
1 A— 22-ROOM roominsr hour"?: central $1000 !
! ro-room house; flrst-rlass 10C0
| Il-roont house. $47"; 6- room flat 325
I 20-room house: Kddy: rent $75: only — .... 900
i FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
j WILL pay cash for lodging-house of 25 to 40
I rooms; must be cheap. Scot 9, Call office.
ROOMING house of 17 rooms on account of
Elokn<»«s: cheap. 120A Edd?' st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
j Call. 16 rages, sent to any address in the
| United Ptatps or Canada one year for $1.
j CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS. i
WAGON for sale. S14 Mission St., stable.
ALL kind* of wasons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
I NEW* & ;d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & drlvinsr hnrsps. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
• ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
! spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
I lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
| rated; mining a specialty: clrs.Sun.,Wed.,Fri.
ev'e; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
613 Eddy Et.. bet. Hyde and Larkin: no sign.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2,8
p. m. 14 McAllister St., rm. SGc; admission 10c.
MRS. HARLANDS'S circle to-nighTT sealed
letters read 10c; psychic readings $1. 14S 6th.
MME. MARQUISE, E Hyde stiTsittings dally; j
cir. to-nicht, S. 10c; messages from spirit friends.
EDWARD EARLE. psychic. 12S Powell st.i
hours 9 to 5: Sunday at K. of P. Hall.
MRS. J. J. "WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, bus?
medium, life reader; sltt. $L 1164 O'Farrell.
MME.. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth et., room 1.
FRIENDSHIP HalC 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, fittings; convincing tests to-night: 10c.
\ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
I gents SI; palm and clair. Bit $1 30. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice j
! given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar- j
j enteed; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner. ]
I MRS. E. SANDERS. K14 Taylor St., near Geary !
i — Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium; I
' ladies' circle ThurF., 2 p.m.; Fri., 8; cir. 25c. J
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and j
! palmist, permanently located 1HS Market, opp.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
REMOVED — The great Inspirational card read-
er; price 25c and 50c; hours 10 a. m. till 9 p.
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 228 Fu'.ton Bt.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 23c 7 Seventh St.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card rcader.me-
dlum; 25c up. 823 Mission ft.,nr.4th; ring bell.
. MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and I
palmistry; truth, or no pay; 33c. 1149 Mission. !
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, luture, 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 42S Golden Gate ave. v,
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. wa-
; ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SH Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
; Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $Jl.
| CARPET BEATI5G A\D CLEAMXG.
i WHEN you becctne disgusted with poor work
i send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
I Ing Works. 353-337 Tehama st. ; lei. South 40.
; STANDARD, 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
I kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpents cleaned,
I 8c Vd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard. laid at 5c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Et. ; tel. Jeesle 944.
! J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
, vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
i CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
I STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 Eth Bt. ; tel South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main £94. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLI.VS Carpet-Beating Works, 323 GolJ?n
Gate ave.: t»!p;ihnni> EaFt 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
painless: consult'n frep. Dr. Duncan. 415Sutter'.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No"chargTun^
less successful. Room 310. 027 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of S rooms and bath; 1305 Ellis et
Inquire 1221 Laguna Et.
KOLSOM, 2326— Cottage 7 rooms, bath: lance
yard: rent $22.
DEXTISTS.
AT tae ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcTlo9^5aT-
k«t St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
" have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns
$3 fO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up* of-
fice houra, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays 8 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prixes for beet crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
cpiful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perienc«; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'FarreU B t.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl
. warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 60c- I
crowns. S3 50; plates, full set, $5 00; all work !
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Rlxth st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new teeth
from IS per set: extracting. 60c; gas given.
FET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG
_ 1M1 Potk st . u. vr.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor Bu^W
Full set of terth. U; crowns. $3; fillings. ~25c.
LlO , WE ?. T P 1 "* 0 * 8 ln 8. F.; painless extraction,
COc. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th!
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
nnjBSSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy! caffand TeiT
ami up work; send for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleatfng factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&MofTatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School-
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st. '
£- F". Dr-ssmaklng. Lndfes' Tailoring and Mil-
llnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
' EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg —
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping: full course, $50; catalogue.,
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
Echool for • the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn in a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL. room 53. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st.; day
and evening; individual instruction. $8 per
month; life scholarship. $50: bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr. 220 Parrott bldg
he would not; be wise.
MISS M. Q. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
portera best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
ness COLLEGE. 12SS Market st.
ENGINEERING; civil, elec, mlnlnK,mech.,sur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAII.LEN SCHOOL. 933 Market. ;
MUNSON School Shorthand, Typing, BookUeep- ',
Ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.- :
SPANISH. French. German. Kinging, piano, i-
mo. ; hours. 2-4. 6-8. 123u Market, rms. 119-117.
MK. and MFfS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy 6t.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.: $. r > mo. 1C24 MiFslon. nr. €th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
....ITALIAN LA^O^^UPPLY~GOliPANY7^
24 MONTGOMERY AVE.:
Furnish mechanics, miners..'
• ••¦' Railroad men, ranch hands
and woodchoppers at short notice
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
| tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
I 421 Post st., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
] FOR reliable help send to Open Door Employ-
! ment Office. 1272 Folsom st. ; tel. Howard 1447.
JAPANli.SK and Chinese Employment Office;
. best help f urn. ; tel. John 2121. 806V£ Stockton.
RELIABLE Japaneee-Chlnebe employment of-
flce; all kinds help. S15 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Housccleaning Co.— Waiters.cooks,
. OishTvaFhers; C st. 1890. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
turn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEVM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 42S Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
I3est holT-. 411'4 O'FarreU st. ; tel. East 426.
EMI'LOIME.NT WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED-By trustworthy German woman,
situation ln flret-class family; nurse, care of
invalid, second work, mending; no washing or
work by the day; city or country; all postal*
answered If carfare paid. 622 Stockton st.
COMPETENT cook want! position in Amer-
ican family; can furnish references; wages
• not less than $30; answer all week. Address
box 96. Call office.
COMPETENT, willing, steady woman, will do
housework; Is good cook and laundress; good
bread and pastry maker, or any kind of work;
city or across the bay; please call. 79 Jessie.
WOMAN wishes place to do general house-
work; city or country; moderate wages. Ad-
dress 230 Minna at.
SITUATION wanted by German woman to do
housework or other work by the day. 429
Fell ct.
POSITION wanted by competent second girl
and waitress; private family; wages $25. Ap-
ply 126 Lily ave., near Octavia st.
RELIABLE woman wlahes position; Is a good
cook; can do any kind of work. 409 Stevenson.
A YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
wages $10; forenoon. 1119 Filbert st.
WANTED— By reliable woman, place to assist
with cooking or chambermaid. 1136 Howard Bt.
YOUNG girl would like to do housework; Amer-
ican family. Address 111 Oak st.
YOUNG woman wishes situation; housework,
ccoking. 1231 Market st.
WOMAN wants work by the day of any kind.
225 Eleventh st., downstairs.
I RELIABLE woman wishes place to work by
! the day or would do housework: not afraid
of hard work. Addrpss MRS. H., 1 Sumner
st., first door, second floor.
MIDDLE-AGED woman from the East wishes
position as nurse and seamstress. Call or ad-
dress 25S*j Tehama et.
DRESSMAKER— Wanted by an experienced
dressmaker, a few engagements by the day.
$23 Pine st.
YOUNG German girl wants situation as
seamstress; will do second work; wages S25
1022 Larkin st.
YOUNG girl for upstairs work and sewing,
no. Call 1S62 Seventh St. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS colored laundress wants wash-
Ing or cleaning by the day. 253 Jessie St., H.A.
SEWING wanted for ladles and children. T
Myrtle ave.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell 6ts.
GIRL wishes situation for general housework
Address 43 Sacramento st.
WOMAN wishes to do general housework; care
¦ for children or sick person; or will cook-
wages J23. 419 Jone3 St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night, $1 60 ;o $6
week; convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Position as clerk or travelePwlth
collections added with wholesale house; bonds
and references. Address E. T.. E23 Sixteenth
st., East Oakland.
ENERGETIC young man wants po6l»lon as
traveling salesman for wholesale house: no
book agency. Box 121. Call r.fflee.
ALL round handy man, fair cajr?enter, quick
worker, wants steady Job; moderate wa#e«-
can clve reference. Box 119. Call office.
CHIEF cook wants position; hotel or restau-
PElfeRBONf ' «5 La'r^n % feren "' Add ™»
MAN wishes to learn grocery business; small
wages. Address box 125, Call office, •
RESPECTABLE young man with first-class
references desires situation as groom with
flri»t-clasi> family, or as coachman ln suburbs'
several years' experience. Advertiser. 810
Mission Et.
FI RST-CLASS gardener with all experiences
ln every branch of gardening; single; very
handy ln first-class private places; best ref-
erences. Box 92, Call office.
SITUATION by coachman; flrst-class gardener
and driver; sober, reliable trustworthy; fi
years last place; best references. Box 87,
Call office.
TWO steady, sober young men want situations
as firemen ln city or country* references fur-
nlshed. Address box 91. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cake baker wants situation In
&y%& y^rdak^r 8ob ~ man - b °*
YOUNG German wants position as porter or
anything; best references. Box 100, Call.
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like to
A e^° the T £«*rfc»an or blacksmithlng trade
Address JOHN CONNOLLY, S20 FolBom it.
EXPERIENCED coachman and stable manager
desires employment; strictly sober; best refer-
_ A^r^AiSg* sF&sz'g* " tuatidn -
A ~ M^'' s ? ber v "Viable and trustworthy/ wants
position ln wholesale house, corporation or In
S7 ny Can e ofn SUlbllShment: t * St r * f ' rencea - Box
Y 2nu G n J an 1J w «nts work of any kind; very
willing; Inside work pref. C. M.. Box 78. Call .
JAPANESE wants situation to wash dishes
and help with kitchen work; hotel or board-
Ing-house: understands well. 604 Twelfth st.
East Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions '
received at Call branch office. 220O Flllmore Et. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and :
fubscrlptions has been established at 1006
% alencla st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. M.inasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt. j
FLATS TO LET.'
100 HOUSES and flats for rent; 10 days free. '
1615 Devisadero: f . 6 r$2C 911V4 Minna; f . 6 r 16 50 •
J40S Pacific; f. 6 r... 20 23 Tllden: f. & r.:.... 15
370 Fell; h. 7 r 23 605 Stev'son; h. 5 r 17 50
331 Eddy; f. 4 r 20 1020 Oak; c. 6 r......$15 •
Flats wanted. SPECK & CO.,. 6C7. Market st. •
A— 8- ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows:
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417^4 Third.
BUSH, 909—3 large sunny rooms and bath.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Sin Francisco
Call, corner of Market end Third streets, open
until 12 oMcck every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-::? Montgomery street.
comer Ciay; t'VX'n until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m-
CIS Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
l&U Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
SMI Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
nr'11 8 p. in.
IC6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1C36 Valencia street: rpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreeta; open until 9 p. m.
JIEKTIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Coirimandery No. 1. K.
T No S Post ft.— Regular assembly *fgg&-
THIS EVENING, at T:3u o'clock. Order j£jfl
of Red Cross. Ail fraters oorteously &fi
Invited. By order of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena m^
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A., g^
Pettish ntto of Freemasonry, will be «
held in Chapter HalU ilasomc Temple, /cjl
oil FRIDAY KVKMXii. Oct. 9. at 8 «3E»
o'clock. l*gr«-ft- •>. 7 and S.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lode* No 1. V. and A. ¦
M . will meet THIS <FRIDAY» EVEX-^l
ING. Nov. S, at 7:30 ..clock. Third de- X_K
gree. Bv order of the Master. ' >i '
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
APOLLO W&f No. !23. I. O. O. F. <(^—^_.
— Initiation THIS • FRIDAY) vrgjggfc
NIGHT, Nov. a. Apollo Lodge
Degree Team. Ccjt# »!! j
HANDEL 11. ZOI3EL, N. G.
W. F. NORCP.OSS. Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL irwtir.f-Tlie regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Honolulu Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of
the company. No. 2T! Market street. San :
Francisco. California, on MONDAY, the ir>th ,
day of November. 1M0. at the hour of 11 ,
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a >
rrard of <!liector» to serve for the ensuing •
year, and the transaction of *uch other busl- I
r.et-s as rr.a> come before the meeting. Tran*- j
fer hooka will close on Thursday. November <
(. :?00. at 2 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. |
AT.'Nl'AL tr.eeting— The regular annual meeting !
of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar !
Company « !!1 be held at the office of the con-.- I
rary. No 227 Market street. San Francisco, '
California, on MONDAY, the ISth day of No- ]
vemlvr. 1900. at the hour of 11 o'clr>ck a. m.. j
for the piupow cf electing a board of direc- ,
tprs to sprve for the ensuing year, and the i
transaction of such other bufiriess as may t
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close or. Thursday. November S. 1500, at j
3 o'clock r. m. !
E. H. FHELDON. Secretary. ?
AGENTS WASTED. !
LOCAL arentF wanted in each Pacific Coast
county: big mnr»v for live men. Address
WESTERN FYRtClDE CO.. 29 Main st.
EKCURE agency Xmas novelty; sample 20c. j
FTaFt iTnrrt Ae»r*s" Supply Co.. 1123 Market. :
ASPHALTIM ROOFIXG. j
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks ; cellar
Booct laid, repaired: p^'al. 11S6 Mission tt.
ASTUOLOGY.
*r.OF. PEARSALL. 10274 Market st. ; readings,
future events: questions; horoscopes; tl up.
DR. C. TOUFEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
rer— Free cry "The New Moon." 753 Market. I
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. :
R. ¦*%". KING, attorney at law. S27 Market et., j
rocm 627— Ef-tates, damages, attachments, i
bankruptcy, collections; ail rate*: fair fees; j
no advance charges; money loaned on estates. :
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; !
no f»e without success; collections. G. W. i
HOWE, atty at law, 830 Market, cor. Stockton, j
I. EDVV. JARRETT. Hearst bldg., luird and j
Market st?. ; rhone Red B2C2. j
FBEE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates, !
collections. J. A. Mitchell. S14 Montgomery.
ADVICE free: no charge unless eucce?sful. W.
W. Pavidson. ?I7 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L ; fv '.'LARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar- j
Itet Ft.: consultation free: no fees ln advance, j
DATII CA1I1XETS.
P.OBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and other*.
W. P. BROWN CO.. ager.ry. 416 Ellis ft., S.F.
BUSINESS CHANCES. !
A— $1«00; SALOON; mercantile luneh;~<f ~tur~-
nished rooms; located 50 feet from Palace Ho-
tel: rent only J6"; a money-making place;
Ficknf>*s compels owner to sacrifice. Call K.
O. WILKE. 2>; s Kearny st. i
A— T27. r i0; CORNER liquor store and ealoon. one I
block fr<rn Call bldg.: place clearing $300 i
l*r n:or.tn: lease; a first-class business open- '
ing, rail R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny Et. i
A— J45O; CORNER ealoon on Kearny Et.. establ. j
many years: must sell to-day; come and make i
an ofler. R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny et.
A -$750— COFFEE saloon, oyster and chop house; i
clcte to Airazar Theater; rent $75; a first
cla*? pmylot business; fickrehs compels
owner to sacrifice. See K. G. WILKE, 2C^4
K€arr.y et.
A—SSOOO; saloon on Market st. ; rent $75, includ- '
ir.g 11 furnished rooms: dally receipts about j
So9; mercantile lunch; lease; HrEt-class pay- i
ir.g rrcpoeitlon. Particular* R. G. W1LKK, >
26ij Kearny st.
A-tSiO: SALOON, eetab. many years, on Fourth |
ft., rent US; 3 living rooms; place located i
close to factories where ISO men employed; •
a fpiendid f-hance an*l bargain. Particulars ¦
R. G. WILKE. 2C'j Kearny et. !
A-J20C0; LEADING saloon; located between j
wholesale houses. Insurance and mercantile
officer; place established 40 years: known as i
one of the best whisky bars Jn thi» city. Call
R G. WILKE. i6H Kearny rt. 4
A— t-'.5C>: SALOON and boarding-house with 10
furnished rooms on water front; rent t40; 2
y€-art' leaf-: a good business. See R. Q.
WXUCE. 2€'.s .ifarny Bt.
A-fSSO; CORNER saloon tn wholesale aiftrict:
place estab. years; good paying; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 2«H Kearny st. I
B'f'-COFFEE and lunch parlor: best business*'
part city: bargain. R. G. WILKE, 26** Kearny. j
AN oyster depot; clears $200 per month; great |
bargain; come quick. Cowing &: Co., 713 Mkt. i
A— EUTCHKR shop; be»t corner location ln
city. COWING & CO.. 71» Market st.
A-DELICAOY and home restaurant; fine butl- I
ness. COWING & CO.. 71» Market st.
A— BAKERY, candy, school books, notions; bar-
cheap rent. COWING. .719 Market Bt.
A— COAL, wood and praln business: fine loca- I
tlon: map. COWING & CO., 713 Market it. ;
A-ROOMING-HOrSE: fine location: bargain i
this flay. See COWING & CO.. 713 Market st. I
A— PHOE store; good location: clears J500 to $600 !
mo.; bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market et. !
A— PALOON downtown; money maker: come i
quick. COWING & CO.. 71» Market st. ;
A— RESTAURANT In best part of city: must j
be told this day. COWING. 719 Market «t.
A— BAKERY: clearing $200 per month: snap. !
COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
f«M> — SALE or trade, chicken business; stock,
h-jrse. 2 wagons; rent $12 mo. Baslle, 3 Eddy.
C:k*^6ALOON; near Market: central; full
v«!ue rtock: cause sickness. BA5ILE. 3 Eddy.
ron sXle! " " I
On account of sickness, one of the oldest an4 I
bept -known restaurants and saloon.
S3W to $.7)00 required. Apply 116 Front Bt
IF you desire to «ell your lodglnir-house quick-
ly call on CLOSE & CO.. 20» Kearny et.,
room 1: business strictly confidential.
GROCERY and bar In good location; stock In
Ficht for full purchaee price. W. L. HAR-
PER. 397 Parrott building.
I-tAKERY. with large brick oven and •very-
thing complete; fine country town; cheap;
part cash. bal. time. Lane & Co.. 865 Market.
S5T-0— GRO.. br.. bakery and notions; Oakland- 2 !
living rms. : rt. J15. Kredo & Dutton. 36 Geary. I
J12.C0O— NEW building and stable: lot lOOxttO;
grocery and bar. stock and fixtures; on end I
of car line: clearing KM a mo. Box 120, Call.
"WORK by the month: painting, whitening anJ |
tinting: country preferred. Box U3, Call. «
PARTNER for first-claia coffee parlor: must !
have $LM0. Box 11«, Call offlee. !
FOR eale— Wood and coal yard, with Improve- |
dents. Apply 1111 Folsom Bt.
OYSTER ana chop house ln mountain town;
doing good business; satisfactory reasons for
Felling. Ad. L. BALDWIN. Mokelumne Hill.
A BARBER ehop. 3 chairs, across tbe bar, for !
eale. Address box 12. Call office. '
6ALOON for eale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 Eait gt.. north of Market; no agents.
1125 — COFFEE ealoon; rent only $7 60- near
Market a snap. Apply $37 Mission st.
FTEH and delicacy store for eale. Address 346
Virginia at.. Vallejo. ¦;
GERMAN wlebea to Invest 1300 to f4O0 In sa-
loon business as partner. Box SO, Call office. !
BAKERS— Portable oven cheap. S252 Mission
. street.
A— 6NAP
Chop bouse. 239 Eighth st. j
$460— RESTAURANT ln -good running order; !
recerpu $2S day; trial given. 2ZZ Sixth st. !
FOR eale — The best evening paper route ln !
city. AOdrvss M. C. box S3, Call office. t
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007^4 Market st.. expert on
t. diseases of women; 15 years* practice ln San
Francisco; a cure guaranteed; $5 at office;
o have cured thousands of cases with unexcel-
o led success; see free.
MRS. DK. WYETH. reliable upeciallst: 2i yrs."
E practice; guaranteed treatment at office, $3;
any ailment; home for patients: consult free.
M2 Post at., bet. Hyde and Lttrkln.
~ NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc; all diseases treat-
y ted; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
y MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladies' spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure. $5: best care; low
» fees: when all others fall consult free.
V MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST., corner
y Sixth— Safe and reliable ladies' physician:
2 treatment, $5; positive cur» guaranteed.
- MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles" tpeclallst; home
r fnr patients. R10 Eddy st.
0 "
y MISCELLA\EOL'S FOR SALE.
• BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
• INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont at.
. BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
; linoleum, new and second hand; we always
r have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
., 82 complete outfits on our Moor, ready made,
w«; can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
f NOONAN, 1017, 1013, 1021, 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
1 NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 6^S and 630 Clay at., near "Kearny, has
Just started; storekeepers can b>; supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest ratea;
orders by mall attended to.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 down and 15
per month: write for catalogue and prtct-.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California
j st.; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
1 A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
1 etc. WHITKLAW. 216 Spear st.
¦ A FIRST-CLASS 12-bore hammerless breeoh-
• loading shotgun for $32; cost originally $55.
UNCLE HARRIS. "15 Grant ave.
1 6-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine.
$153; can be seen running at 623 Golden
j Cate ave.
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete; dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
" 16 O'Farrell nt.
: FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 7s! MISFIT
1 CLOTHING PARLORS, 4J7 Montgomery it.
" A— $3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
• $7 50 — Cost $30: large-size coat and vest, almost
new. Call dentist, 43 Sixth st.
• 10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire anfl burglar
• proof safe. 216 California st.
• PHOTO and made lantern goods bought, sold,
; exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
- A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
• air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
• FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfff. Co.
. 200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete: cheap. H. S. W r HITE. 516 Mission »t.
. WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albeit
t suits for $2 50. Tortland Loan Office. 23 Stktn.
. SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
- MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
. PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
' pictures. BTJLLARD & BRECK. 1S1 Post «t.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
] WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Mark*t ft.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS. I V: h'.
¦ A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought;
; will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn: phone Black 1201.
A NEW model Columbia or Cleveland bicycle,
' with coaster brake: state price. Box 122, Call.
L. SPARBER & SON removed 634 Mission St.;
! pay highest prices for tools and machinery.
WANTED — Upright piano for cash. H. LJ
j WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
Fold. Sllverman, S84 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
• a-brne and book.*, ino Sixth nt. : tel. .Tessle 141.
MONEY TO LOAJE.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back tn Installments or as a whole: If you
1 owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as lone as you ds-
slre; avoid red tape and publicity; see u«
I first: you will be waited upon quietly anj
quickly.. Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortirages
Interests in Estates
Undivided Interests ln Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
I solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
i ¦
I A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
I afford to pay on furniture^ pianos, etc.; do
j not borrow of your friends or you will lose
I their friendship: do business with strangers
and you' will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publlcltv. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
| ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st, 2d and 3*1 mort-
! gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
I bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
I lay; get my terme before doing business else-
! where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
! ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; flrs>t.
second mortgages, estates ln probate. Interest
ln estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle building, HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
et.; tel. Main 1614. Branch 19 Third st. \
A— J500.0C0 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col- !
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no. removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, 301 Jones St., corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with;
miall monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY, 222 Sansonje St.. room 2.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country: 6%;undl-
vided tnts; estates. HARPER.397 Parrott bd».
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. S66 Parrott build-
ing; mm can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security. '
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California. |
TO salaried people without security; all busl- i
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party; 1 .
low rate. 917 Market St., room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRKLL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorper. g. F. Discount Agency. U3 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy's
have tbe privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our I
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan haa been the best offered to the
public for the past three years. A large size
beautifully finished, full-toned piano; with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$350. ti cash and $6 per month. This la not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent BTKON MAUZY, Sole A^ent
Sohmer & Co., Byron Mauzy. Gabler, SDell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 308. 310. 312 Post.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every trade to select from*
beautiful new uprights $6 cash, $6 per month:
=°L?i?T K . < ? Kl P ianos for » 3 - M and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and . Sutter sta ;
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thlr-
teenth nts.. Oakland.
TH iF Rf c £ er ? o Son P Iano « e *cel all other*.
The Decker & Son piano* please good player..
The Decker & Son pianos last a lifetime.
The Decker & Son pianos are the ones to buy
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ket St.. agents.
W "-i"i¥ _ the , onl r hou s* »n the city that sells
ail kinds of musical Instruments on easy pay-
luents; call and see us and learn how eas»
It Is to buy. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ket st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S "S !
28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dona to please and satisfy the
customer.
SPECIAL snaps in a few slightly used pianos.
See us. HENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Far- ,
rell St.; Chlckertng agency and everything
pertaining to music: symphonlon music boxe*.
FORCED to Fell fine upright piano cheap to
recover storage. Warehouse agent, room 21.
Flood building.
4 FINE uprights, little used: Shonlnger. Behr-
lng. Stelnway. Sohmer. Keeffe'g. 933 Market.
LARGE upright grand piano: must be sacrificed j
ln 5 days: leaving city. 332 Turk st.
$100— FINE large uprighfplano. 3WS Eighteenth
ftre«?t. ¦ .
BEST rent stock ln city; new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. ICO "Hayes »t.
HIGK-GRADE piano, nearly new. $145. HEINE -
¦; Piano Co.. UT Geary St.; : ' J
SUPERIOR; violin*, zithers, old and new. TT.
MULLEll, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, good as new a Ci
other great bajgams. Ijl A.ENN. J03 Post "r
FINE 3-pedal upright plar.o; sacrtffced orTaT
count of sickness. 907 McAllister st.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt ch t^~~
lnstallmenta. Wilson's Storage. 17:i Market
AT KEEFFE'S. 333 Market «t., 4 elecan^T
rlafati at your^own price. &______*rSt££
EMMA SPRECKELS bulldine 3^-^rTT ~~*
Light sunny offices. $15 o^ 5 S^ f{ 8t ~
light, heat. Janitor and use of%ig°!! th - *»«>
LARGE elegant store and base-rrT; „—
lencla st.. near 21st: bus!nes» r»-ir,V >a "
O1X.1 l^UTOS | FOR * SALE, r ,''
a company buy goo?l Ian,? \ r J\, W^ nt to for ™
jv**- 6 " 1 - II Montgomery gt.
OIL.
-—llllLJL* anfl r °«: tel. Black Jtll.
MMK. KKERG \ «Itl> a»n " ¦ ¦
ADVICE free; nn r-har^o "7r~.~~~
GEO. D. CAMPRFt' i L, C '". J successful.
— — — ' _ ''*"'"¦ ¦¦ xa~iiner b'g **
PERSOXAL9.~
AN experienced dettcttw ioHctta work- ZV^T--
cases a specialty; best <=t IA^^ i r ' S
Address Detective. S. F. P. o * gUen.
CONSTIPATION cur-d by usl»e~ti^' Tv,t
Blood Circulator; •S-t«atoXr?l?5£2 Or
medicine; price $3. J^C^^^^
LEDKRER is the hair dresser who "1^^"^
the latest hair styles for the [» as t n^,y I™
cwitchea. $1 up. 123 Stockton st.
PRIVATE detective work; r»a«ior.ab!e r at~i- Is
years' experience. J. B. ray. X3TJe5u»t.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel? S.vi'r- 1^'-
made to order; renovated; honest work V>iar'
a , Ct !S d V feathers * n< i >>alr cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a sp-cialtv fli. un
hol.tery. HOPKE BROS.. 315 and 3^_Uzh ?t.
ELECTRIC lights In every rocm— W'nches'er
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 7«i S
•23c to $1 JO per night; $1 50 to ti p.r *e.k :
free 'bus and baggage to and from ths ?;'rTy'.
SUITS to order on lr.staUmer.ts; J15 upward It
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market »t be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERERS Quintonlca Hair Tonic stops th-
halr from falling out. price 33c bottle.
ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
$1 23 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell st.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo cleanses the
rcalp thoroughly. 5c pkg. Get sample pkg.
DR. LAMOTTirS French Corn Paint, the best
com cure; 25c. all druggists. v
EUY your coal of LANGE & GOKF. successor*
t^o W. H. Wiseman. 1711 Sacto.; tel. Sutter 277S.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous "hair
moles; trial fr»e. MISS EATON. 1113 gotten
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Ta'.jer-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. uniJer St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, ntlver. diamonds and precloua stones
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian H<»nna: r»stor<>9 gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggist*.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 15 rages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for I!.
postal* raid.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. J. HERBERT REEVE,~26H~Kearny~st^
New hygienic sanitarium: supposed lneurab>
chronic diseases are cured by electro hygl»r».
DR. C. C. O' DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market «t.. between Sixth and S»vt»nt>i.
POlLTItV. EGGS, ETC. — For Sole.
CHICKENS and chicken ranch cheap; rent t&
68 Theresa St.. Five-mile House.
REAL ESTATE — CIT* — FOR SALK.
XTmTspeck & co.
....FOR
M 4.. ..GOOD INVESTMENTS....* «
4.. ..4. ...4. ...4.. .A.. ..4
$3200— Four flats downtown: all rented for $41:
great bargain.
$7CCC— Tremendous bargain; Cars; large lot
downtown; rents J30.
$7500 — 1 brand new flats, very latest: e*st of
Van Neas; leased for JT2 a month.
4 GOOD 4
$12,75<y-Grand investment east of Vtn Xess;
rents $130; new Improvements.
.
$10,000— Income $110 clear monthly over taxes;
Insurance, etc.; finest Investment ever offered;
beat it if you can.
....4. ...GOOD.. ..4....
$21.000— Offer wanted: business property: 4
¦tores and 8 flats: all rented for $203; few blocks
from Sixth, and Market sts.
4 GOOD 4
$35,000— Choicest Investment ever offered ln oxir
office in this amount: 100- foot front; elegant
brick and frame Improvements; all rented at
low rent for $5GC0.
$60.000 — Grand Investment; cor. eaat of Jones;
positive income $500 per month over taxes, in-
surance, etc.; guarantee for S years. .#;•
....4. ...GOOD.. ..4.... -TV
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. «67 Marker
CHEAPEST LOTS
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
SELLING FAST. SELLING FAST.
$1250 upward: sold by order Union Trust Co.
to close an estate: splendid Investments or resi-
lence lots; good lots for flats: also business
corners; block bounded by Fillmore, Steiner.
Union and Green streets: streets accepted: lots
jn grade: fine marine views; closa to mo*:
fashionable residence section of the city: Fin-
more and Union street cars pasa tbe property;
leveral lots already sold.
LYON & HOAO.
114 Montgomery st.
IF you hare well-located property In the Mi»-
•ion, either vacant lots or nlc* residence. «nJ
you really want to sail, then call on the under
¦lgned. W. J. GUNN. 530 California it.
HAVE you property In the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Thea
call on W. J. GUXN. 530 California st.
MODERN houses built: lowest prices: plan* and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1H7 Mfcision.
CHEAPEST and best in America-The W<* k '_
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tna
United States or Canada one year for n.
postage paid. __^^^«
REALESTATE—a^TnT-^^f 8 * 1^
iTNORWEGIAN "or~Swedi«h * »"«/ £*?„*• Jh? ,
gtod house and barn ln the countrtor th» {
winter: rent free; 20 •c r ", o £ m f . ar 3S£ ! * -^
for rent if desired near town. ««. "**•
healthy location and good water. Address
P. O. box 274. Santa Cru^Ca^
ALL the countle.: free lTsTs »' '"fSyS?.^
erty ln bay cities tor >?* or . "r^S\'hi^7
GRIFFIN. 719 Market_»t- r. 1. nr. Call bin*.
WRITF J W nOHxTTi: Main st., Petaluma,
£r £e J copy S?°. «¦«>»• bargalns^newedlt^n.
"~r^T\iTestati^Jo exchange.
vpw "^?V.'^TTrrTTIatn: l<Jt 5<«100: Mission:
AUMEDAJDYFiTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
r^TTTrvTiON* price; finest modern >-room
in Alameda: perfect plumbing: nn»
f^ion- 1 blocks from .tatlon & hUh acho-M;
'^"SrnJ. A. O Burns. 1501 Park. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
|T^3IsTORYho us * °' 5 rooms, bath, pantry.
hot and cold water, chtcken houses,
wash "house: nice lawn; lot 50x100; tight fenc<»
all around place, beautiful marine view; 2
blocks from utores. schools, church and elec-
tric cars; price $1X0; $130 down, balance $H
t>er month. Take Berkeley train, got off at
Lorln. inquire for RUDOLPH. PERKINS &
LYON. .Office open Sundays.
1OUSE of 3 rooms, bath, pantry, folding doors,
pretty mantel, bay window and modern In all
res-pects: street macadamized; cement side-
walks: a beautiful place for a home: 3 block*
from Lorin station: price J1*,CO; $2CO do-wa
balance $17 per month. RUDOLPH. PER-l r
KINS & LYON, Lorin Station, Berkeley
Office oren Sundays.
iLTA PUNTA TRACT— San Pablo ave.. J
mile* north of Berkeley: $150 trv KT>0 p?r acre-
lets $60 to $150 each; $3 a month; call for
maps. O. W. HAIGHT. 401 California *t.. 3.«\
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 Geary St.
WANTED
50 more experienced coal miners.. New Mexico
50 more experienced coal miners.. New Mexico
50 more experienced coal miners.. New Mexico
Best of ¦ Wages ¦
FREE FARE.. FREE FAKE..FREE FARE
See Party Here
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD AVORK •
Stonemasons, R. R. work. Los Angeles Co
, $3 50 a day
Stonecutters, R. R. work, Los Angeles Co....
...$3 50 a day
Carpenters, R. R. work, Los Angeles Co....
• $2 50 a day
Tunnelme'n, Los Angeles County $2 a day
Stonemasons, R. R. work, Nevada. .$3 50 a day
Stonecutters, R. R. work, Nevada.. $3 50 a day
FREE FARE.'.. SHIP DAILY. ..FREE FARE
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
TEN Scandinavian and German farmers for
orchard work — j;^
6 farmers for fruit ranch •• — -'-^
6 carpenters, near city ••? 3 a Ua y
Foreman for electrical construction works....
.'.'!;".'!" 'HOTEL DEPARTMENT ••
German cook and dishwasher, country hotel.
$45 and $25; second cook, railroad eating
house, Arizona. J40, free fare; second cook for
steamer. $35; bell boy, first-class references,
country hotel, $15, free fare
2 more colored waiters, flrst-class country
hotel. C. R. HANSEN &.CO-. 10 1 Geary st.
WASHER, hand laundry, country hotel, $30 and
found and fare advanced *••
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AN outside salesman who Is thoroughly ac-
quainted with bakery, restaurant and h^tel
trade for wholosale house, $100
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st. ¦
A SOBER young man. Industrious, willing and
of good habits, to be generally useful in a
hotel and saloon; wages $15 per month: refer-
ences. Inquire Vallejo Express, 511 Market
St., 2 to 4 p. m.
WANTED— A good bedmaker. 32 East st/,
Dewey House. £ ______
.BOY for oyster house.' 330 Fourth st. ; German !
preferred.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St., bet, ls^ and 2d sts.
FEEDER on platen press; steady job. 109 Cal-
lfornla St.. room 21.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, S30 Howard St.
WANTED— Good cook. 434 Fifth st.
PRESSER on custom coats. US Russ st.
WANTED— Second cook. Golden West Hotel,
68 Ellis st.
SHORT-ORDER cook; close 11 a. m., Sundays;
$25 per month and room. 2S First st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 610 Stanyan St.. op-
posite Golden Gate Park.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; wages.
S14H Third st.
WA ITER wanted. 18 Eddy Bt.
WANTED— A shoemaker: also boy to learn
trade. 535 Commercial st.
COOK wanted: small boarding-house; elderly
man preferred. 322 Main St.
WANTED— Second-hand revolving barber chair.
Apply 503 Halght st. ; barber shop.
WANTED— Good milk bread baker. Box 126,
Call.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting, 23o
to 50c. 5C2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBER «hop fcr sale in Western Addition.
Inquire Of DECKELMAN BROS., 1C6 Elllb.
LADIES' tailor wanted; first-class. 143 Stock-
ton St., room 4.
2 PHOTOGRAPHERS, vlewest and printer. In-
quire 220 Third St., upstairs.
JEWELER for Job work; state wages. Box
117. Call office.
¦WANTED— Night cook. $10 week. FISHER'S
Bakery, S66 Washincton 6t., Oakland.
STEADY man with $125; will pay $60 a month;
no experience required. 1016 Market, room 10.
WANTED — Two first-class coatmakers. M. J.
KELLER CO.. U57-53 Washington St., Oak-
land.
"WANTED— A Goodyear stitcher. 134 Main st.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 519 Sacra-
mento et, near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY, Prop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 iarge
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight i
weeks required: position guaranteed r special I
inducements; catalogue and map of city free. I
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Cjay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old, reliable
firm, 808 Market, rm. 40, Phelan bldg.; pension
vouchers executed, 23c; advice free.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week at !
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny. i
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands' I
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart. !
MEN and women to learn barber itrade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 23c night: reading-rooms; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and I
subscriptions has been established at 10d6 I
Valencia «t. i
CLASSIFIED advertisements «nd subscriptions
recelvpd at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore »t.
HEMORRHOIDS.
FILES— 300 cures business men ln San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation: no pain; par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies^
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
SOUND, stylish horse; also milk wagon; horse
suitable (or delivery wagon or buggy; guar-
anteed; price of horse $50. 329 Guerrero Bt.
YOUNG, fresh cow; gooa milker; gentle. 1312
Folsom st.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, cow*.
poultry and dogs healthy. 1.53 Folsom St.. S.F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^pluNTinri-TisTTious^^ I
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
KOUSE — 6 large nice rooms; modern Improve- i
ments. Apply 1,^22 Stelner St.. oor. Eddy.
HOUSE. 8 rooms and batn; lot 25x137. 1715 Ed-
dy St.. near Pierce; price $4250. v n -'
HOUSES TO LET KURSISHED.
5-ROOM cottage furnished. Western Add., $30
per mo. KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary st.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. DILLON teaches hypnotism scientific-
ally In private, or class; absolutely and per-
manently cures nervous diseases and bad
habits. 324 O'Farrell st.
COMPLETE course instructions and diploma.
5 lessons. $3: cigarette and other bad habits
cured. PROFESSOR E. W. RAYMOND. 937
Market st. : hours 2 to 5 dally.
INVALID CHAIKS AND TRICYCLKS
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co., 2100 Market st.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Nov. 6, ln going to Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, an old-fashioned cluster ring, the gift
of a dead mother; $20 reward. Return to 2422 ;
Fulton st. '
LOST— A . young coach dog, . female, black and
white spotted;. suitable reward for returning
same to owner. N. J. NELSON, 122S Folsom.
LOST— $25- reward. St. Bernard bitch. 1 glass :
eye. Return 328 Jessie st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JANE EVANS. No. 213-742. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Tuesday, ln Tennesse Valley. Marin
County, black and white setter bitch. Flora,
Return to FRANK VERNON. 1923 Green st..
San Francisco, and receive reward.
LOST— Morocco covered book; name on It T A
MOITOUT, White's laundry. 23 Powell ' st' '
Return, and get reward. - '•
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
-IS pagos. In -w-ranner. for mailing. SI per year.
¦ MEDICAL. ]
DrTaND MRS." DAVIES." n^Market^Ladl^s 7 •
specialists; 32 years' practice: have treated <
thousands of cases successfully; positive curs
guaranteed at office: ladies treated can return •
home same day; HINDO HERB home cu^e ]
any one can use It with satisfaction; perf-ct-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular. \
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Mar-
Ket, opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' special- i
Ut; sale, reliable; practiced In Pan Franci«co
for years; treated thousands of cases success- '
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul- i
tatlon free. After all others fall call on him. ¦
DIt. POPPER, practical female specialist for «
37 years; can be sent. 323 Kearny »t.Conference Meet to Discuss
Subject,
RTJXES-TO PREVENT
COLLISIONS AT SEA
American Delegates to International
WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.-The American
delegates to the International Marine Con
ference, Rear Admiral Franklin, Captain
John W. Shackelford and W. W. Good
rich, Clement A. .Griscom and S. I. Kim
ball, met at the Bureau of Navigation to
day to consider the proposition to modify
in several particulars the rules for pre
venting collisions at sea, in so far as they
relate to lights on fishing vessels. The
changes relate particularly to travelers to
the North Sea.
In so far as they refer to American fish-
Ing vessels the changes proposed are in
accord with the views of those most di
rectly Interested.
After some discussion the delegates de
termined to ask Congress to adopt the
proposition which originated with Great
Britain. The enforcement of these rules,
if adopted by Congress, will be conditional
upon their adoption by the other principal
maritime powers, as the. Intention is to se
cure greater uniformity in the rules to
prevent collisions at sea.
The American rule for lights on steam
pilot vessels is also to be made the inter
national rule.
SEEKS OPTION ON ALL
TROLLEY LINES IN CUBA
President of the Canadian. Pacific
Ci..;^ Goes on an Important
Mission.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 8.— Following a
meeting of Philadelphia and .Canadian
capitalists in this city last night, Sir Wil
liam Van Home, chairman of the board
of directors of the Canadian Pacific, and
his son, sailed from here to-day on the
steamer Admiral Sampson for Santiago,
where they will make an effort to secure
options on all horse and trolley lines tn
Cuba and also on all sugar plantations in
the island.
The departure of the two men was the
result of the permanent organization at
last night's meeting of the Cuba Com
pany, with a capital of $20,000,000. Those
present at the meeting besides Sir "William
and R. B. Van Home, were William L#.
Elkins and Thomas Dolan of this city;
R. A. C. Smith, president of the Cuba
Mall Steamshlp_ Company; Percival Far
quhar of New York, and Dr. T. W. Shep
pard and M. L». Evans of Montreal.
. , • m .
CAHTEB CASE GOES
OVEB FOE. TWO WEEKS
Prisoner Is Visited at the Peniten-
tiary and Examines Volum
inous Papers.
LEAVENWORTH. Kans., Nov. 8.-The
habeas corpus proceedings in the case of
Oberlin M. Carter, late captain- of en
gineers, United States army, which was
set for hearing here to-day. before Judge
McCook of the United States District
Court, were continued to November 22
The prisoner was visited at the peniten
tiary to-day by his uncle, Colonel L. D.
Carter, of Oakland, Cal.. and his brother,
D. S. Carter, of Chicago, with tho pur
pose, it is said, of having him examine a
voluminous budget of papers connected
with the case.
Application for the writ of habeas cor
pus, which commanded Warden Me-
Laughrey of the penitentiary to produce
Carter in court and 6how cause why he is
detained, was filed here on October 15 be
fore Judge Hook.
POPULATION OF STATE
OF MASSACHUSETTS
Increase During the Past Decade Has
Been Very Heavy, Averaging
25.2 Per Cent.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 8.— The population
of the State of Massachusetts by counties
and minor civil divisions was dfflclally an
nounced to-day. The population of the
State In 1900 Is 2,805,346, as compared with
2,238.943 in 1890, showing an Increase of 666,
403, or 25.2 per cent For the preceding de
cade It waa 25.5 per cent. This rate of in
crease has been exceeded but once in the
history of the State, namely, from 1840 to
1850, when the population increased 34.8 per
cent. *•'; .
The present . population of tKe State Is
very nearly seven • and one-half times as
large as the population reported at' the
first census in 1790. The total land surface
of . Massachusetts is approximately . 8040
square miles.
Committee Announces Best Three
DESIGNS PROPOSED FOR
THE MAINE MONUMENT
Plans in FinaX Competition
by Artists.
NEW YORK, Nov. 8.— General James
Grant Wilson, chairman of the committee
on site and designation of the monument
to the sailors who perished in the Maine
disaster and theBoldlers who died in the
Spanish-American war, announces that
the committee to-day, after examining
forty-three submitted designs, selected as
the best three in the first competition
those of the following: Austin Hays,
sculptor, associated with Donn Barber,
architect; O. Piccirilll, sculptor, associat
ed with H. Van Buren Magonile, ar
chitect, and George J. Julian Solnay,
eculptor, associated with Joseph Henry
Preedlander. architect.
, The fund for this monument to the men
of the Maine, which . amounts to about
$100,000 cash in hand, was raised by the
New York Journal. Since the completion
of the fund the sculptors of the country
hava been engaged in preparing the
models for this competition. The monu
ment is to be trected in New York City.
The t,hree deslijns selected to-day will be
worked out Jn greater detail by the suc
cessful competitors, and then tho winning:
design will be selected.
Smallpox Among Indians.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 8.— The Indian
Bureau has received a teleRrram from the
Shoshone Agency in Wyoming announc
ing that smallpox has broken out at Lad
der, near the Indian reservation. Vaccine
virus for 1700 persons, which the agent
asked to have dispatched him immediate
ly, has been forwarded.
Alaska Land Reservation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.-The Secretary
of War. under an order of the President,
has directed that all lands lying beyond
a radius of ten miles from the flagstaff at
St. Michaels. Alaska, be turned over to
the Secretary of the Interior." When this
reservation was first created it had ja.
radius of 100 iulles. <
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A Faustlno. WatsnvilleJ B Hart. Nome
H A Fairbank, Sacto Mrs K O Knox S Crua
F R Decker, Berlin Mrs Macee, S Cruz
J T Clasbey, S Lake F D Wetherby, Boston
R B Davis & w, St Lo H C McClure. L Ans
Mrs G W P/ltler & d, N McClure Los Ang
8acto G W Hill, Watsonvllle
R Spencer, Cal W J McDonald, Boca
G Ghiglleri, Stockton W Southard. St Louis
O R Miller, Healdsbrg O Y Woodward & w
A E Woof. Riverside Cal
E T Swan, N.Y . Ic B Weatherax, Wash
G W Ross & w, Nomt H L Hill, Bacto
Dr F II Paterson & w, Miss Hayes, Llvermort
San Jose ! J J Thompson, Salinas
B W Morgan. Seattle. C E Whister. Pa
F M Swasey & w, Cal P C Rourke, N Y
R R Denery. Cal Mrs L D Pettlt, S Lake
Mrs W S Venter, NTH S Henderson & w
Miss M Wall, Syracust Denver ¦ "
A L Murphy & w. Pa J R Forrest, "N T
A F Fletcher. L Gatoa E M Johnston &. w
R F Fletcher, L Gatos Banta Crux
G" Borthwlck, Buffalo Miss C M Jones L Anr
A V Friedlerger, Mo C Wilson, Oakland
M!sa A G Beard. Cal H S Stevens. Seattle
E B Beard. Hawaii S J Tralnor, Sacto
M Englehardt. Cal Mi?s D Etephenson, Cal
Mrs C Zlegenha&en, F W Henderson, Cal
Chicago . F R Henderson, Gal
B F Porter. Phoenix J L Tucker, Sacto
H S Johnson, Neb O Lawler. Los An*
W M Hefton, Hanford R B Burns, Los An*
J K Hushes & w, Tex O C Cong-den, Marlpo»
L. Walker, Texas 'F J Martin. Arizona
PALACE HOTEL.
C E Bacon, Chlcaro A A Howard Jr, I* An«
C O Swanberr. Sweden H B Pike. New York
Mrs Swanberg. Sweden O H Connor. Chicago
Mrs H Holmes. S A J Arnold. New York .
Miss H Holmes, Ohio L C Kruegw, Chicago
Miss H Drake. Ohio A Herzog, Seattle
T C Drake. Ohio F O Mayer. New York
Mrs T C Drake. Ohio B Melchers, Bremen
J B Blnr. ft Louis - W M Stewart. Nevada
D T Roaenbaum. Stktii AM Cole. Nevada
J C Gamaite. Stockton J Neuscheler. N Y. '
J B Glldersleeve, SAD Pepoer Jr. Pa
C Edwards. New York Mrs F H McCuIlough.
E S Benson. Portland . Los Gatos
Mrs Benson. Portland P A Wheatley Cheo -
A Flelschman. Li Ang F Fer«ruson, St Louts
J K Taylor. New York A J Michel bacher. Wls
P N Gonzales, Spain . Mrs Michelbaeher. Wia
T Flint Jr, San Juan J Waldo, Kansas City
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Deasy. Gran* Valley B McKlnnon. Atlant*
J Boyd. St Loul« H W Lagland Texas
CD Morris. Chicago M P Dri&ga, Sydney
5 ? T Bak n r - Ca i . h H Han "nett. Nomi
K A La Rosa, Stockton T E Thiebaud - B G
S L Smith, Merced HA Ho*an, Benlcla
N Mclntyre. Denver A De Witt Kelly tier
A J Zimmerman.Canad L. Prlaley, Philadelphia
F H Arnold. Boston J Baxter, Jacksonville
A Portle, Colton 1 B J Johnson, Chicago
DTDErairr demanded
OF MOORISH GOVERNMENT
United States Consul instructed to
Insist Upon Reparation for
Murder of a Citizen.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.-The Instruc
tions of the State Department to United
States Consul Gunners, at Tangters, un
der which he acted yesterday, were to col
lect an Indemnity from the Moorish Gov
ernment for the murder of Marcus Essa
gln, a naturalized American, who was
killed about a year ago by a mob.
Essagin became involved in an alter
cation with a Moor against whom he had
accidentally run, when a crowd of the
Moor's comrades fell upon Essagln and
beat him to death. The Moorish Govern
ment disclaimed responsibility for mob
violence of this kind, but the United
States Government contended that the
Moorish Government had failed In its ob
ligations In declining to take any steps to
punish the perpetrators of the crime.
Mr. Gunners la directed again to present
the case, with an urgent request for a set
tlement. It so happens that the big bat
tleship Kentucky is making her way
through the Mediterranean to Manila and
if she touches- at a Moorish port, as she
would be very likely to do, her presence
mav have a beneficial effect in stimulating
action upon the Consul's demands.
BIO MINING DEAL IS
REPORTED IN DENVER
Portland Mine May Be Consolidated
"With Stratton's Independence
by Big Syndicate.
DENVER, Nov. 8.— Although the re
ported sale of the Portland mine is de
nied at the offices of the company In
Colorado Springs, It is generally believed
In mining circles that this big Cripple
Creek property will pass Into the hands of
an English syndicate, consisting of the
Venture corporation, the Exploration
Company and Werner, Belt & Co., the
South African diamond miners, and in
vestors In Mexico mines and railways.
It is said that the price to be paid Is
about J15.000.000. It Is known that experts
for the concerns in the deal have made a
thorough examination of the property,
and from London the report comes that
the deal Is practically closed.
The plan reported from London Is to
consolidate the Portland with Stratton'a
Independence and to form a new com
pany to control both of the great gold
properties. Such a consolidation would
create not only the greatest gold mining
property in Colorado, but probably the
greatest In the world.
m
FATHKB FRANCISCO'S ' '
ACCORDED HIGH HONORS
Receives His Commission as Procu-
rator General of the Order
of Holy Cross.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.-Very Rev.
Peter J. Franciscus, for several years
Superior of the Holy Cross College, affil
iated with the Catholic University of
America, has received his commission as
Procurator General of the Order of the
Holy Cross, with headquarters at Notre
Dame, Indiana. Rev. Father Burns of In
diana has been appointed -to succeed him
at Washington.
The Sisters of Notre Dame opened Trin
ity College for the higher education of
women by the Catholic University yester
day, but the structure win not be formal
ly dedicated until the latter part of this
month. •
To Prevent Yellow Fever.
HAVANA, Nov. 8. — Hereafter the
steamboat companies will meet transat
lantic liners outside of Havana harbor
and will transfer immigrants destined for
other points. It Is thought that this-pre
caution will result In a rapid decrease of
the yellow fever, as 90 per cent of the
cases now under treatment are among the
Immigrants.
BALTIMORE, Nov". 8.— Rumors were
current to-day concerning a combination
of trans-Atlantic steamship companies
which will involve several companies and
millions of dollars. It was said that the
Atlantic Transport Company, which ope
rated lines of steamships between New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore and Lon
don, will be a part of the combination.
Bernard N. Baker, president of the com
pany, when seen to-day said: "I have
nothing to give out." • .
Others -.Interested In the combination
were equally reticent, but It was learned
from an apparently reliable source that
negotiations are going on In New York,
and that a representative of the Atlantic
Transport Company is in that city look-
Ing after its Interests.
Color Is given to the rumor by the
strength of Atlantic Transport Company
stock on the exchange to-day. Since Au
gust 30 the stock has risen 45 points.
Details of the deal are guarded carefully
and it is understood the stockholders of
the Atlantic Transport Company will re
ceive more than $200 per share for their
holdings in. the event of the consumma
tion of the deal.
The Atlantic Transport Company has In
service now seventeen vessels ranging In
tonnage from 4250 to 13,240. The Minneton
ka and the Mlnnewaska. now building at
Belfast, will be launched next spring and
placed In tha New York-London trade.
They will be of 13,240 tons burden and
similar in design to those now building
for the company by the Maryland Steel
Company. Besides these vessels, the
company Is building two at the yards of
the -New York Shipbuilding Company at
Camden, N. J., and will shortly award
contracts for two more. The latter ves
sels will probably be built at Norwich,
Conn.
The shlp9 now In service are the Min
neapolis, Mlnnehaha, Mesaba, Manitou,
Menominee, Marquette, Mohawk. Michi
gan, America, Europe and Manhattan, on
the New York-London route; Montana,
Minnesota, Mackinaw and Maryland, on
the Baltimore and Philadelphia-London
route. The company also owns the Maina,
which is in the service of the British Gov
ernment as a hospital ship.
ing in New York.
Deal Which Involves Several Large
Corporations and Millions of
Dollars Is Said to Be Fend-
Reported . Combination of
Big Trans- Atlantic*
Companies.
STEAMER LINES
MAY COMBINE
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.—Gos
eip is in circulation In army circles re
garding the prospect x of the return of
three officers of high rank in the Philip
pines. These officers are Major General
Arthur MacArthur, Governor General;
Major General J. C. Bates and Brigadier
General F. D. Grant. All of these officers
have been in the Philippines since the
breaking out of the rebellion and it is said
that an Intimation has been received from
at least one of them that transfer' should
be made.
Officials of the department insist that
there is little likelihood of the return of
the officers named, but upon reliable in
formation it Is asserted that correspond;
ence has been In progress on the subject
and that the President has gone so far as
to decide that' a chief of staff corps can
be ordered to command troops In the
field, provided he has military educa
tion.
It seems to be the general impression,
even In official circles, that Generul Grant
will return home with the volunteer
troops and perhaps Major General Bates
may accompany them. As to General
MacArthur. he is needed for the direction
of the campaigrn to be inagurated in ac
cordance with orders sent some days ago,
though the department Is not entirely
satlstled with the conduct of the military
operations to date. There is only one
officer at the bead of a staff corps who
would ba available for service In the
Philippines under the President's alleged
ruling and that is Paymaster General A.
E. Bates. General Bates says, however,
that he does not expect to go to Manila.
In making changes In his ranking officers
in the Philippines, the President Is handi
capped by reason of the small number of
officers of similar rank available to suc
ceed them. Major General James Wilson
of the volunteer service, who was with
General Chaffee, has been ordered to re
turn to the United States, Indicating that
he will not be continued in the service
when the army is reorganized, and Gen-
General Chaffee, as soon as the situation
In China Is satisfactorily settled, will be
sent to Manila. He is looked upon as the
logical successor of Genera] MacArthur
when that officer is brought home and
General Bates Is relieved, as he will then
be the ranking major general on duty In
the archipelago.
It is not thought that the President will
make any further appointments as briga
dier general in the regular army until
Congress convenes. It was stated to-day
that a prominent member of the Military
Committee of the Senate had intimated
that it would be desirable to refrain from
appointing and retiring officers as briga
dier generals until the committee had an
opportunity to determine the propriety of
such action. It is the intention of the
President to promote and retire Colonel
A. S. Dapsretf. Fourteenth Infantry, and
Colonel Theodore Schwan, assistant ad
jutant general. It Is known that the
President made the distinct promise that
he would appoint General "Wood brigadier
general in the regular service and his ap
pointment is expected after the retire
ment of Colonel Schwan.
Possible Changes in Philippines.
Colonel Daggett to Retire and
Gen. Wood to Be Appoint
ed to Regular Army.
General Bates and General
Grant May Accom
pany Him.
MACARTHUR MAY
SOON RETURN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1900.
13
OCEAN TRAVEL.
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
OFFICE of the engineer, Twelfth Lighthouse
District. Baa Franctaco. Cal.— Proposals will
be received at this office until 12 o'clock
neon, on Friday, November 30, 1200, and then
opened, for the rental of San Clements Isl-
and. Los Angeles County. Cal. (reserved o/
Presidential order as a lighthouse reserva-
tion). Xor a period of five years. Informa-
tion and black forms of proposals may lie
had at this efnee. CHAE. E. L. B. DAVIS.
Major. Corps of Engin*ers. u. S. A., En-
•Jatrer Twelfth LJffhtfccJM District. 1
t^^BHManaM^^MMMBSjnsSHfJBSJSJSH^^H^^^^M
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
rUNEHAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEBS.
Finest Ban' --lent at Moderate Rates.
ArtcfW/OTT A. CO..
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
123* Market «t.. between *th and 8th.
Telephone South 247.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FCNEHAL, DIRECTORS AND EM11ALMER3.
Z0 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephona South SO.
5anta Fe
Trains— Dan,
r«av» Markit-strest F«rry De:**
Stenmer "Montlcello,"
MON., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nfght); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. • m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 60c
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
BAY^ AND BlVKfct STEAMERS.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKON0. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Narasakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at. Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday, November 13, 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU
.....Thursday, December 6, 1*00
SS. AMERICA MARU
, Saturday, December 29. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Rotind-trlp tickets .at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office-,
421 Market street, corner of First.
.- W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
f. "^ Dr. Gibbons Dispensary,
fl*^^62oKEABJ(llSl. E?taollshe<l
K It: M tn l834 t0T the treatment ol Private
ffl-i&dgSi. i >lse « 8e »> Lost Manho<Ki DfblUty or
•BgJJSHS'SBa disease bodyandmlnaand
UMK^ Skin Dlseaaoa7lhf doctorcureawhen
¦2 WWmSa otPar » f *»- Try him. Charger iow
iTlBfsliM'' — rTirnnrniiii i I CaJIorwrlta
Or. J. * - ** IUHO.V. Box 19S7.San FraacLnv
* •»• Sin Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p ml 8:00 t> r9
Ar?: i^ktSf .-"- « 30 p m 7:15 p m'll.05 p n»
¦ •• Merced !: * 3 P m J : l* * »
•• Fresno 4:W p m 1:06 a m
- VlialU J:00 P m 4:50 a a
•» Hanford »:» P m 7:0« a m
«• Bakersfleld ... 8:50 p ra 7:30 a m
- Denver M:00 a m '-
M Kansas City... 5:15 p m
••. Chlcaxo 7:«0 am .
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. \
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark Nov.' 141 Noordland .:.... Dec* 8
Westernland ...Nov. 21 Friesland .......Dec. 12
Kensington .....Nov 281 Southwark .....Dec. 19
For freight and 'passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. *
SO Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
' ¦ Stopping • at Cherbourg, westbound. '¦
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. .Louis......!. Nov. 14 St. Louis. Deo.' 5
New York ......Nov. 21 New York ..Dec. 13
St. Paul....."... Nov. 2S St. Paul.... Dec. 19
AMERICAN LINE.
XXV T0BK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PASI8.
t a. m. train Is the Overland- Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives at « p. m. dally.
410 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corrtspoodlnf
train arrives 11:06 a. ro. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakersfl«ld Express.
with Sleeping; Cars tor both cities. .Corrospcnd-
Inr train arrives at 8 a. m. dally.
OFFICES— M Market st. and In Ftrry DepoV
».n yranclsco: HIS Broadway. Oakland.
Weekly Call $1.00 uerYear
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return,
tl 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
•Ticket otOcca.. (31 Marks t st., Sausallto Ferry t
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS.. ..9:15 a. m.; 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 3:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 115 p. m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
C0MPAGNI1 GENERALS TRAKSATLA3TIQ32.
DIRECT -LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Sailing every Thursday.. Instead of <*»r*^?\
Saturday, from November 1, 1839. at
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street .L'AQUITAINE. Nov. 8. First-
class to Havre. J55 • and upward. Second
class to Havre. J42 60 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY K)R UNITED STATES and CA>£
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, a Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
BS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
2 v Saturday, November 10. J p. m.
S3. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
• 'Wednesday. November 21. » p. m.
BS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti .....V.
Tuesday. December 4. 4 p. m
J. D. SPSEGXELS& BROS. CO.. Hgls.,Ti(Ae! OSic., 643 EarbtSt
Freight Offics, 327 Market St., Pier lo. 7. Pacific St.
iiioi'osai,s.
PROPOSALS fcr Clothing and Equipage. Depot
Quartermaster'!! Offlc, 3G New Montgomery
«.. San Francisco. Cal.. November S. 1SV>—
S«aled proposals. In triplicate, win r»e recei\-ed
, »it this ofnee until 10 o'clock a. m., Friday,
November II. MOO. Pacific Standard Time,
tr.d then opened,, for furnishing Wool Blan-
kets. Leather Gauntlets, Berlin Gloves, Hat
Cords. Lessens. Chambray Shirts, Cotton Un-
<ler f-hlrtn. Woolen Ptirckinw. euspenders. Cot-
ton ftorkincs, Scnifchlngr Urushpg, Storm and
Hfrniuir.g Flaps, Recruiting Flag Halliards,
Garrison and Po?t Flag Halliards. Quan-
tities to be subject to an increase of £0 per
cent, if deblred, by this department. Un-
«uaranite<j bi<is and bids up«r. samples <51f-
fenr.f? from standar-ls anrl wpecincatlons on
requirement* ».ill, except In the cases here-
inafter nifntloji-d. under no circumstances
be oonsldTfi; proposals Tnr legs quantltlfs
then a<!vertiM>.i r^r will be entertained. Bl<lj
will be o;>enei for the delivery of the came ar-
ticles at either the ?an Francisco Chicago
Philadelphia or Bnrton .Vpots. but' none will
be elven consideration Tor «leliver>- at other
points than those named above. Early de
liveries are f-esential. Proposals upon woolen
et^cktnjrs. heavy quality, having seamless
tc*s and fu!l feamleps heels, but otherwise
conforming; to epeciScatione. will also hlJ
entertained. In which case proposals offering
fuch muFt be accompanied by sample, lild-
dtrs uT>on scrubbing brushes will be permit-
ted to submit samples differing from speci-
fications and standard requirements. Prefer-
ence will be firiven to articles- of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (Including la
the price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereo i). and such preference
will be jiven u> article* of American pro-
duction and manufacture produced on the Pa-
cific Coaet, to the extent of tne consumption
required by the public service there. The
ITnited States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or aJJ proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
will lie furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be Indorsed: "Pro-
posals Xo. Sill." and addressed to Major
OSCAR K. LOXG. Quartermaster. U. S.
Vols., Depot Quartermaster.
APP3inIi> £ C Pa "* wm| - slU0k < Hv *
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vla Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing September SO, 1900.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALL£T
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 4:15. «3:15. 11:00 a. m.. 1:4*
S:15. 4:00. »:U. *«:15. s:40 p. m.
eScTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafatl, on Mondays. Wednesdays aad Satur-
days it 1:00 and 11:35 p. m.
BUN DATS— t.OQ. »10:00.. ni:30 a. m.. "liU*
1:15. •?:«. 1:30. »:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qnentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRAXClSCOl
vWEEK t>AT»-5:25. •«:»). 7:45, »:30 ft. ra..
•12:30. 1:45. •S:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at t:45 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. •5:00. •10:00. ni:45 «. nx.
•1:40. 'J^S. 4:45. •«:» p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WESK DAYS— 6:45. 6:45. 7:55. »:» a. m..
13:35, 1:10. S:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m. '
' EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:C5. 10:03 a. m.. 12:0ft. S:U. 1:30.
6:00. 6:4S p. m.
6:5* a. m. w*ek days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. ra. Saturdays— Tornales and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Bandus ¦ Tomal— and way »ta-
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P 3 O R.T3LJ-A.2STID
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF *L 2 / Irst Cla " Including; Berth
I nllL $8 Seeond Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails '. Nov. 14. 24. Dec. 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov. 9 19, 23
Short Line to WalU Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
&. C. WARD, General Ajrent.
630 Market street.
DIED.
Barrett. John
Benthien. Mrs. Mar
Blumer.FCheln. Phlli;
Bieart, Elizabeth
Cavanauuh, Patrick
Dougherty, Clemen
tina L.
Federspiel. Andrew
Freeman. P. Enoch
Fuchs. Martin P.
Gibson (infant)
Gordon, Theresa
Hammar. Ellen
Hanley. John J.
Hodge. Joseph
I^anRbein, Nellie R.
Lawless, Walter
Lowney. Raymond S.
Oster. George W.
Peehner. Robert B.
Peel. Robert
Pchimmelpfennlfr, J.
Bmlth. Charles J.
Wallmann, Alexander
BAHRCTT- In this city. November 8. 1900.
John, beloved husband of the late Alice Bar-
rett, and father of Mr?. John H. Curtln of
E;tn Francisco. Mrs. Theresa McOreevey and
¦\Villtam Joseph Harrett of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
and the late Alice A. Barrett, a native of
Klnsale. County Cork. Ireland, aged 81 years.
Honorary member of the Shipwrights" Associa-
tion. (Brooklyn, N. Y., papers please copy.)
ICyFrl^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<8aturday). at 8:30 o'clock, from tl»p parlor*
of the l**nlt«»d Vndertakers. 27 and 23 Fifth
street, thence to St. Brendan's Church, where-
mass will be celebrated for the re:x»«e of his
soul at 9 T/cloek. Interment Holy Cro's
Cemetery. ">*
BENTHIEN— In this city. November 7. 1300,
Mrs. Mary J- Benthlen* mother of Henry E.
B^ntlilen and Mrs. J. T. Newell, a native of
Cork. Ireland, aged C5 years. (New Orleans.
Jackscn. Miss.; and Memphis. Tenn., papers
please copy.)
CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1S0S. Dupont street: Interment pri-
vate.
BLCMENSCHEIN— In this city. Xovember S,
lSt-0, Philip Blumenscheln, a native of Ger-
man}', aged 77 years.
C7 1 Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Odd Fellows*
Cemetery-
BOGART— In this city, November 8, 1900. Eliza-
beth G. wife of W. F. Bogart. a native of
Bridgeport. Conn. •
jCTTuneral notice hereafter. Please omit
flowers,
CAVANAUGH-Entered Into rest, November 8,
19CO Patrick Cavanaugh. beloved brother of
Mary and Delia Cavanaugh and the late Mrs.
Captain Clancy, a native of Ireland, aged 66
of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mis-
sion Ktreet.
DOrGHERTY— In this city. Xovember 8, 1900.
Clementina Lloyd Dougherty, beloved mother
of Martha A. Dougherty and Mrs. A. L. \V r or-
ley. a native of New Jersey, aged 67 years 8
months and 24 days.
FEDERSPIEL — In this city. Xovember 8. 1900,
Andrew Federspiel, beloved husband of Anna
Federfplel. and father of Sophus and Anna
Federspiel. a native of Denmark, aged 63
years and 10 months.
FREEMAN— In this city. Xovember 8. 1S00. P.
Enoch Freeman, a native of Stockholm,
Sweden, eced 71 years.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
™»^ wharf. Ban Francisco:
KTas.^ For Alaskan Ports— U a. m
&W»SV_ £ ov - 12 - 17 - -• 27. Dec. 2.
R&H)5yv5% it ?e* e t0 company ' 9 "earners
l£^^^1 0T v 'ctoria, Vancouver (B.
FtgSfck&PM Z h Port Town.end. Seattle.
* ¦ Tacoma. Everett, Anacortea
and New Whatcora (Wash.)—
t^ . , . !1 *• m.. Nov. 12. 17. R n
» o 2 -" nd ev«*V fifth day thereafter. Chins»
at Seattle for this company's steamers fop
Alaska and O. X. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay-2 p m Nov
thereafte' 24 ' W ' *' aad eVMT firth ****
For San Diego stopping- only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los An&eles and Redondo (Los An-
«;eles)-9 a. m.. Nov. 9. 14, 18, «, 25. 23. and
every Sunday and Wednesday thereafter. •
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon Caya-
coo. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
So nta Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro
Last San Pedro (Los Anjeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. Nov. 11. l«, 20, 23. 27, 30, and every Tues-
day and Friday thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Ca 5°X MaxatIan - A l ta t». La Paa. Santa Roealta.
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
f ciders. -¦-,. : -¦
The company reserves the rlpht to chanw
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing:
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agents.
- 10 Market st., San Francisco.
OCEAN TKAVEL.
MAREIED.
BEEGMAN— ASMAN— In this city. November
E. l&Ofl, by the Rev. J. Fuende-llng. Henry A.
Bergman and Ella M. Asman.
CROSTHWAITE— BOYDE- In this city. No-
vember S. 1500. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson. Mlclael H. Crosthwalte and Mary
Jane Hoyde, both of San Francisco.
GEOLTMU.VD- NEWMAN— In this city. No-
vember 6. 1&00. by the Rev. Dr. C. J. E.
Haterius, pastor Lutheran Ebenezer Church,
Frank 6. Grolimund and Jennie Caroline
Newman.
HEYEN— LIEBCHER— In this city, November
S. 1S00. by the R«v. J. Fuendellng. John D.
Heyen and Emma Llebcher.
McGAT'GHEY— HIL.LI&-In this city. November,
8, 1900. by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Samuel J.
McGaughey of Point Reyes, Cal.. and Eliza
J. Hillis of Santa Rosa, Cal.
ROBINSON— HALL— In thU city. November 8.
1S00. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. 'Wilson.
WUHam Wlnfield Robinson and Marietta
Davis Hall, both of San Francisco.
VETTER^TIEFES-In this city. November 6.
1D00, by the Rev. J. Fuendelin(r. Carl Vetter
WELCH— MacFA RLING— In this city, Novem-
ber 6, 1S00. at Central M. E. Church, by the
Rev. S. D. Hutslnplller. Bert Elwood Welch
and Rose E. MacFarllnff. both of San Fran-
cisco.
WISKOTSCHILL— FORSYTHE— In this city,
November 5, 1900. by the Rev. Father Ryan
cf Et. Brie-Id's Church, Edward J. Wlskot-
schill of Marysvllle. Cal., and Edythe M.
Fcrsythe of San Francisco. No cards. (Marys-
ville. Cal.. papers ple&se copy.)
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per
eons authorlied to have the same published.
BORN.
BOTSEN — In Lemoore. Kings County, Cal.. No-
vember 6, 190C, to the wife of Julius T. Boy-
sen, a daughter.
INGHAM— In Golden Gat», Oakland. November
J. l?0f». to the wife of Charles H. Ingham, a
• daughter.
TVTATVRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses - were Issued
yesterday:
Pierre Labrueherie. 26, 400 Howard street, and
Celestino Gout. 21. 816 Larkin street.
George H. Mulligan. 25. 633 Mission street,
and Mary A. G. Kane. 21. 639 Mission street.
John W. Jacobs, 24, 1539 Fifteenth street, and
Maud P. Powers. 21, 5 Redwood court.
Robert A. Allen, 25. 762 Howard street, and
Jotephine Tristram, 28, 10J0 Howard street.
t-arafino Fazzio, 2S, Oakland, and Maria F.
Ulpalda. 15. 2 Varennes street.
William XV. Robinson. 33. 62S Howard street,
and Marietta D. Hall, 2S. 52S Howard street.
Bertie E. Welch. 27. 245 Seventh street, and
Ro6f. E. MacFarling. IS, 6371* Xatoma street.
James F. Reeder. ZZ. 123$ Folsom street, and
Flora Carney. 20, 249 Rich street.
Samuel J. McGaughey. 38, Point Reyes, and
Elira J. Hillis. 33. Santa Rosa.
Ferdinand Petersen, 31. 5 Enterprise street,
and Meta Xlssen. 20, 5 Enterprise street.
Ulrich Muller, 34. East Oakland, and Maria
Bachmann, 38, 2751 Harrison street.
Jose F. Pacheco, 32, IS Jackson street, and
Delfina C. Borba. 29. Ignaclo.
DIVIDEND Xotice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, (con. 1 ). A dividend, Xo. 23, of seventy-
Eve cents (75c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the efflce of the company, 430 Cali-
fornia 6treet. San Francisco, on November
10. 1900. Transfer books close November 3,
1900. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND PfOTICKS.
DIVIDEND Not Ice— Dividend N'o. a (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 227 Market St.. en and after
Saturday, November 10, 1800. Transfer book^
closed on Saturday. November S, 1900, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
AESB6SMENT NOTICE)— Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany, location of principal place of busi-
ness, San Francisco, Cal. — Xotice Is hereby
given that at a meeting of the Board of •Di-
rectors, held on the 18th day of October,
1900, an assessment, No. 10, of nine ({9) dol-
lars per chare, was levied upon the capital
stock of the corporation, payable Immediately
In United States gold coin to the secretary
at the office of the company, No. 827 Market
- et.. San Francisco, Cal.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 1st day of December,
1500, will be delinquent and advertised for
tale at public auction, and unless payment
le made before will be sold on Thursday,
the 24th day of December, 1900, to pay the
delinquent assessment, together with the
costs of advertising and expenses of sale.
E. H. SHELDON*.
Secretary cf Honolulu Sugar Company.
Office located at No. 357 Market St., San
Francisco. Cal.
BAIXBOAD TBAVEL.
•outiskr* rA<:inc iohpaxt.
IrACmrMTftTBM.)
Trains !•»«•> »n<i »¦¦• .«..«. to «rrit. mi
MAN Ki:.4.>HIH«O. ,
(Mate Line. Foot of Market Street)
u«Tt — From Novcubsr 7. 1300. — axxivi
•7:00* Beiiiei*. Suisun. Elmlra. Vm»t!U9,
Ramsey »uii sicriiueuto *7t43r
*7i«OA Shasta Express— Davis. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Bad
Bluff. PortUnd.. *7J*3r
•7:30* M artii.fr, S.m U*r.ioD.%'*!Iejo. X*p*>
Cslistpg* and 9»nt» Rosa ,. **ll3p
•SiOOa D»tU, Woodland. Knlshtt Landing-.
M*xjstille. (>ro«i!l». •7iJ3r
•itMi Atlantic Kxpress— O»den and East •2:43f
•»i»»a >*U9s, LiTennore. Tracy, Ltthrop,
Stockton *7:lSp
*¦¦!•« Sau Joae, LlTtrmore. Stockton.
Ioue, Siacrameuto. PlacerrUl*.
M»rj«tl!]f. Chieo, ltad UlnfT Milllp
•SiIOa Oakdale. Chinese. Uonora. Carters... Mil.ir
•¦:••* Hajwards. Mies and Way Stations. •! 1 : 13»
•»iOO* Los Anjeles Kxpress — Martloas.
•> Trac*. Lathrop, dtocktoo. Meroed
Frmuo and Los Asgvles *7>13p
•9iS»A VaUeio. Martuies aim War Stations •a:4.?r
•I 0;0O* The Orerland UmlUtd-Ogdeo, Don.
Ter, Oiusoa. Chicatf'i...-. "«:lJp
•HiO'a Nil's. Stockton, ttaoramento. Men- \ "
dot*. Fresno, itaatord. Vlsalla. *
Ponervilla MsISp
•11:OOa LiTennore, Saoger. Goehen Jua>
tion. Bakenfield. Los Angeles
fl:OOp gaeiainoiito Klier Steamers tSiOO*
•3:OOp Hajward*. Nilrs aud Way Stations. *at«3p
•liuiir Murtlnrr, Han |t<unon. Vallejo,
Map*. C«liKti>i». *.*nt» lloaa •Vila*
M i»«f BenieU, Winters. Hacramonlo,
:, ' WooiliauJ, KulgbU Lsadlog,
M.rys.llle. Orotllle M«:»4
NiSAr Rarrrarda. Kile* aud BanJoa* tft'4**
•5:O*r Nlles, LtTermoro asd Stockton MO:43 t
pSiOOr SuDset Limited, El PaM, >'»w
Orleans sod East «lttl3A
•3:00rThe Owl Limited -Tracr. fresno.
Bakersfleld. Haugua (or Santa B*r-
• bara. Loa Acaoles. *1*<I3*
*3i*Or New Orleant Exrrem— llakersfleM.
Banta lUrbura, Los Angles, Deal-
ing. El Vuo, Hem Orleans ami
East 1i4*»
•«:»«p Harvard*. Nlles and Sau Joss •«:!•¦»»
1«:»Or Vallejo M 1:4.1 «
•0: Our Oriental Mall— Ogdsa. Cberenne.
Omaha, Chicago *a>13r
•0:00 r Oriental Mali— Ogden, Denter,
Omaba. Chicago. MilSp
•7:0«pOreKm*and California Kxpreia.Maa-
rnuieutw, MarriTllle. U«.l.l!.ij,
rurtUn.l. l'ii(et Hound ami Katl •«:«."» 4
•8i03pSan Pablo, Port Costs, MarUaea
and Way Stations *11»43a
18i«3p VallMo Mlrfit
COAST DIVISION (5arron Haas.*).
(Fool of Market .Street.)
~ *ii!3A Newark.Ceut«f»lHe.Saa Jonu.Felton,
Boulder Crrek.Sauta Crux and Way
Huti.nn »«ia«»p
t*ilBp Newark. CenterTllle. Han Jos«, New
AlinaJen, Friton. Itoulder Oreek.
SanU Ciiu and Principal Way
BUtlous firtivn
Mil.ip Newark. Han Jose. Les Gatos •«:.io»
all«43p Hunters' Exsunion. San Joaa and
Way Buttons tT«*«P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FriaSil ramtSM— rm tt Vtrkit SUnt(Sii» ») —
•7:15 » ; 00 U:0O».«. tl:03 '2M tl;M
*i:C3 }S:C3 *«:C3p.m.
FrimOUUlIB— Tn\ tt itnimtj.— "fl:00 8:00 10:004. n.
tl2:03 *1:C3 t»:C3 *3:C3 tl:C3 «3:33r.u.
COAST DITMlOa (ItroaiiiiaHffP). '
(ThlrJ and Townseud Stu.)
4<lil 04. Ocean View, South Man Francisco.. 1»i3Op
*7iOVa Han Jose ami Way Statlnnt (N«w
Ahnadeii WeJiiendajsonly) *li3ttp
•K.OUa Han Joi«. Trea Pluoa. HaiiU Crtu.
- Paeine liroia. l'aso Knblas. Han
Lull Ol.inpii. Hntr, Lompoe aud
rrliictua* War Stations *4ilvp
•IOi«i>* 8*n Jose and Way Htatlous. •«!;«»
•11:30* Sin Jom (ml \V»y Station! *3:3»p
t»il5r S»». Mateo. KedwcMMl. Munlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Cl&ra. 8»ii Jam.
• Trea Finos, Manta Crux. 8altnaa.
Monterey and r»cftio (JrnTo t' w|!(n *>
f»jS»f 9an Joieand Way Htallons *?:»<>p
fl:l 5r San Joieand Principal Way Stations "J: 13*
f3:i»op San Jom. Los Gatoe aod Principal
Way Station* t!»:oi»%
•3in»p San Joae aod Principal Way Stations *«:.M4
*a::ittp San Joae and Way Stations ?*»:•»«»*
Cll;43paan Josaaiul Way Statlous »?:30!»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•D%!ly. t Himday exeopted. 1 3uu«i»» onlf
g Mondajnv W'eilnedday*. Fridays.
« Tuesdays, Thursdays, Sundays.
• Si tur day onl j ;
CALIFORNIA NORTQWESTERN RT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAIL>\'AY CO.KIPA.NY.
TIBTJRON FERRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
Ban Francisco to San Rafael.
VVEKK DATS— 7:*0. 8:00. 11:00 *. m.; i::33. »:30.
6:10. 6:30 j». m. Thursdays— Eitra trip at 11 :•".•>
p. m. [Saturday* — Extra, trios at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8:00. I JO. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30. 5:00.
6:23 v. n.
San Rafael to San Fpanclsco.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. U:10 a. m. : 11:46.
3:40. B:l» p. ra. baturdays— Extra trips at 1:63
and 1:35 5. m.
BL T NDATS-l:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. ta.; 1:40. 1:40, 5:05.
1:23 p. m. \
Between S&n Francisco and 3chuetx«n Park,
same scxtedultt as above.
Leavo j Ip Effect j Arrive
Ean Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1300. | San Francisco.
"VCeelc I Bnn- I I ( Bun- 1 W«H
Days. (.days. | Destination. ( days. | Day?.
l-.Z0a.zn S:COam Novato. 10:40 am) S:40 am
t:30 pm 1:30 am Petalurca. (:05 pra.ia:J5 am
1:10 pm 8:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmj <:22 pm
Fulton. ."^ 1 ¦
T:30 am Windsor. 10:2S am
Heal di burr,
Lytton.
Oyservllle,
l:tOpm 1:00 am CloverdaJa. T:SS ptn t:X2 pra
7:30 ami j Hopland j j
I 1:00 ami and Ukiaa. f 7:C pm[ «:M pm
7:30 am! 10:15 am
I 8:C0 am GuernoTllle. T:3S pm
«:30 pm] «:» pra
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sonoma »:13 am 3:40 ana
I and
8:10 pm| 8:C0 pm Glen Ellen, f 1:06 pm I:O pra
7:30 amj 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm, 5:00 pm! Bebastopol. I 7:23 pm; S:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Springs and Whlt» Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lyttcn for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservtlle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdal*
'for the Gsysers; at Koptand for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Ke-lseyrllle. Carls-
bad Springs, floda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at UVlah for Vichy Springs, BArttoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell LsJtt. Witter
Eprlngs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Vall*y.
John Pay's. Riverside. Lterley*s. Bucknell's.
ganhedrtn Heights. HullvUle. On's Hot Springs.
Msndoclno City. Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal,
¦\Ylllets. Laytonvlle. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs,
Harris, OIsens^Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to-*Ionday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, roand-trlp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates^ ..'.-,
Ticket office. K0 Market St.. Chronic!* bulM-
In- R. X. RTAN.
' H. C. 'WHTTINO. Oen. Pasa. A«t.
Gen. Manager.
SPECIAL
TELEGRAPHIC LIST
(First 35 Prizes)
KENTUCKY
LOTTERY
MONTH OF NOVEMBER.
Drawn Wednesday, Nov. 7.
16,458.. $15,00000
91,336 - 4,00000
63,189 i 2,00000
48,492 1,000 00
98,603 50000
94,777 500 00
16,225. 20000
62,299 20000
29,304. 20000
43,134 20000
17,101 20000
89,627 60 00
5,640- 6000
70,686 .- 6000
472 -6000
30,157 6000
66,445 6000
71,411 6000
48,583 60 00
37,022 6000
6,339 6000
18,517 ... 6000
60,219 6000.
67,501 6000
56,789 6000
48,729. . 60 00
35,857 60 00
33,81 K 6000
58,543 60 00
28,475 6000
2,388 ... 60 00
38,696 6000
27,716 60 00
72,086 6000
55,940....... 6000
Tho above ta for 2Oc, BOc and 81 tickets
In proportion.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE— Honolulu Plantation
Company, location of principal place of busi-
ness, San Francisco. Cal. — Notice is herecy
given that at a meeting of the Board of Di-
rectors, held on the ISth day of October, 1900,
an assessment. No. 2, of one ($1) dollar per
thare was levied upon the capital stock of
the corporation, payable Immediately in
United States gold coin, to the secretary at
the office of the company, No. 227 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 1st day of December,
1900, will be delinquent and advertised for
eale at public auction, and unless paymeni
Is made before will be sold on Thursday,
the 24th day of December, 1S00. to pay tho
delinquent assessment, together with the
costs of advertising and expenses of sale.
E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
Office located at No. 3:7 Market St.. San
Francisco, Cal. .
FUCHS— In this city, November 6, 1900. Martin
P. Fuchs, beloved husband of Maria Fuchs.
father of Albert and Louis Fuchs, brother of
Francolse Fuchs, and stepfather of Henri
Ilogelet, a native of Alsace, France, aged 50
years 2 months and 11 days. A member of La.
Parfaite Union No. 17, F. and A; M.. and of
the French Society La Gaulolse. • '
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Im'ited to attend the funeral Sunday.
November 11. at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. 8. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to Masonic Temple, Post street, at 1:30
o'clock, where services will be held under the
auspices of La Parfaite ITiUon Lodge No.' 17,
F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
GIBSON— In the City and County Hospital.
November 8, 1900, infant daughter of Joseph-
ine Gibson, a native of California, aged 12
days. . . ¦ ,
GORDON— In Oakland, November 7. 1900. The-
resa Gordon, beloved wife of Joseph F. Gor-
don, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Gulseppl Vlg-
• anego, and sister of Joseph Cogorno, a native
of Oakland, aged 2J years 1 month and 6 days.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow,
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence, 627 Filbert street, Oakland. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. • '
HAMMAR— In this city, November 8, 1900,
Ellen, beloved wife of Conne Hammar,
mother Of David, May, Lita, Gertrude*. Nellie
' and John Hoffman, and sister of Frank Mc-
Carrlck. a native of New York, aged 42 years.
(E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
HANLEY— In this city, November 8, 1900, John
Joseph, beloved son of John J. and Margaret
Hanley, a native of San ! Francisco, aged 7
years 10 months and 10 days.
C^The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from tho parlors ot
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth." Interment private in Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HODGE— In this city, November 7, 1900, Joseph,
beloved son of Joseph and Catharine Hodge,
brother of Mrs. M. Kearse. and unclt of Mrs.
Pauchella and Charles Prouty, a native of
Ean Francisco, aged 29 years 3 months and 9
days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 .o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 27 Folsom avenue, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services, commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LANGBEIN— In this city, November 7, 1900,
Nellie R., beloved wife of H. F. Langbein,
mother of Florence M. and Alma L. Lang-
bein. and sister of Mrs. J. Collins, Mrs. Julia
Brooks and Sister M. Edwlna. a native of
Leavenworth, Kans., aged 40 years 4 months
and 4 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
( Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3570 Twenty-second street, thence to
St. James Church, corner Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, at 9 o'clock, where a re-
quiem high mass will be said for the- reposa
of her soul. Interment Holy Cro6S Cemetery.
LAWLESS— In this city. November 7. 1900.
•Walter Lawless, a native of New York, aged
ES years 2 months and 1 day.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors ot
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LOWNEY— In this city, November 8, 1900, Ray-
mond S., beloved son of Jeremiah and Cath-
erine G. Lowney. a native of San FVanclsco,
a-ed 3 months.
OSTER— In this city, November 6, 1900, Georga
W. Oster, brother of Ed and F. J. Oster, a
native of San Francisco, aged 39 years and 7
months.
PECHNER— In El Verano. November 7. 1900.
Robert B. Pechner of San Francisco, dearly
beloved husband of Carrie Pechner, devoted
father of Henry. Hyman, Cellla. Annie and
Jenny Pechner, and brother of Marclus Pech-
ner of Portland, Or., aged 60 years and 9
months.
PEEL— In this city. November 7, 1900, Robert
Peel, son of Mrs. Thomas Morffew, and
brother of Jonathan and the late Matthew
Crooks Peel, a native of San Francisco, aged
SO years 2 months and 25 'day*^
Ity Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock^ at Trinity Episcopal
Church, corner Bush and Gough streets.
SCHIMMELPFENNIG— In Eureka. Humboldt
County, Cal., November 6. 1900, John Schlm-
mclpfennig, a native of Albany, N. Y.. aged
44 years 9 months and 2 days. (Stockton pa-
pers please copy.)
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
November 11, from his father's residence, 1312
Kast Weber avenue, Stockton, Cal.
SMITH— In this city, November 7. 1900, Charles
J. Smith, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged
45 years.
ICTInterment private. -
WALLMANN— In this city, November 7, 19O,
Alexander, husband of Lizzie" May Wall-
mann. a native of Germany, aged 31 years
and 6 months.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1S30 Bush street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and T/>wnsend streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 " BROADWA^
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
M'ANTnD— In San Francisco, & good » or 10-
rocm house In desirable location, to trade for
a fine 100-foot front business corner in Oak-
land. A. J. SNYDER & CO.. 4C7 Ninth St.,
Oakland. '
I WILL build a houfe to suit you on a lot
COxlM feet, or 30x150 feet, in a good residence
psrt of Oakland, on easy terms. Address
OWKKB8. box 2046, Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AU3-
TIN 6l CO.. 100S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FrnXITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H.3chellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLEMENTINA. 531, off Fourth— Roomi*com^
piete for housekeeping: private family.
K<"'LSOM. £34— Sunny front bay-window room
and kitchen; hot and cold water; bath; pri-
varr: iZ a week.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. €T2— A large light fur-
nished room; running water; gas 6tove.
HOWARD. 1C04— 2 rooms complete for house-
keeplng; private family; cheap.
MISSION, 1101— Three unfurnished housekeep-
lng rooms; JS.
FIXTH. 136— Sunny room for light housekeep-
Ing; also other small rocn^s.
TEHAMA. U— Three housekeeping rooms.
THIRTEENTH. 529. near Valencia— One large
funny room; water, stove; separate entrance.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and I'nfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Blxth— Rooms 2ic
to $1 per nieht: tl 15 to S3 per week, and light
housekeeping ; open all right.
BURNETT. 1CS Market (old No. 1264)— Fur-
nished rms. suites, single; also unfurnished.
EL£H, K0 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., Jl 50 to 17
week; Sac to jl bO night. MRS. P. RAN'FT.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
S-ItOOM unfurnished fiat; rent |7 60. Inquire
£& Fjfth street.
FOLSOM. S65. cor. Cth (The Oliver)— New fur-
clshed eunny rms., single, suites; reasonable.
GEART. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; eu:tes or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. ITTT flllllllj newly furnished: en suite.
tingle; hot. cold water; phone; steam heaters.
GRANT) SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
anl Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room: elevator.
HIDE. 4TTB— Neatly furnished room; sunny;
private family.
JESSIE. 433— Furnished rooms to let suitable
for two, ;'. and 16.
LARKIN. SC4 — Sunny elngle room, suitable for
irer.tlerr.aji; S4 50 i>er month.
LAS PALMAS, lfCO Market St.— Suite of J cr 8
ms. ; private; bath; sin. ran.; board optional.
McCLELLAND. S00 Turk et.— Changed hands:
newly renoxated; all rooms facing either
Turk cr Jones ft.; rent reasonable.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; £5c a day up.
OTARRELL. 20— Punny furnished" rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O FARRELL. 224— Nicely furnished front suite,
also other eunny rooms.
©" FARRELL. t&4— Newly furnished runny suite,
single rooms, suitable couple or 2 gentlemen.
ROSEDALE House, Si? and ZZl Ellis et.— Rooms,
night 25c to fl. week {1 25 to Jl: open nlgnt.
P.OYAL House, 116 Ellis «.— Incandescent light;
resuiir.e-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 25c to $1 SO; week. 12 to
I s ; month. tS to |30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
fT — 4 LARGE rjnny housekeeping rooms; also
two for 14. E.",3 Seventh st.
FHERMAN Apartment House. :S Eighth et.
nesr Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
FILVER. JJTB. near 8d and Harrison— Fanny
front furnished rooms: gu» and bath: reason.
FTEVENSOX, 6D— Sunny front rooms; single
cr double; light housekeeping.
THinp. M44 — Two large unfurnished rooms;
TT'P.K. 12R— Furnished room, suitable for gen-
t'.err.an, jZ mo. ; also other rm. for 1 or 2 Rents.
I'NION. 2184. r.ear FUlmore— Six rooms and
V.ath: rent $20.
C"L.ABS=lFlEr> advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call rraneh office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
BOAItD and room with private Christian fam-
ily; f!8. BISF Lerkln st.
POARD and rooms at 41a First st. near Har-
rison.
FIRST-CLAES modern family hotel; very sunny
rooms; fine table. 1604 California st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
I!AD tenant* ejected for S4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
Ill Montgomery Bt.. rooms 9-10; tel. KSO.
KOOMS papered from S2 50; whitened Jl up;
painting done. Kanman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BBWiyG MACHINES AXD Sl'Pl'LIES.
ALL kir.ds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowert rates: open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
¦ -huttles; n-duced rates. 145 Cth; phone Mint 45.
i-L kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
tee^. rharlen Plamb°fk. 1915 Mission, nr. lath.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES. -
TEXINS Van and Storage Co.. 721 Mission tt.;
tel. Main 1S40; chipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS*, storage and moving; covered
vmns. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cem-
paTiv. 2220 Fillmore ft.: phone Jackson ?81.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOCGBT and sold; new and eeccnl hand; iarge
Ateptar: very rh»ap. f-27 Market. rr>cra 220.
TYPEWRITERS AXD St'PPUES.
GREAT BARGAJNS IN "TYPEWRITERS^wi"
tell better machines for less money than any
bcuse in the city; rentals. J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California: telephone Main 26fc
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st.
.*S°3»
|MOIJ!N^gLiy^^EMET|RYJ
[OFFICE, 916' MARKET £'X^ t lfe$$(jfrZ'Sl\Swim at the Crystal Baths.
clean and. warm. Tub department beit ln city. •
Will Replace City. Hall Lamps.
The Supervisors' Public Buildings Com
mittee recommended for passage yester
day the resolution directing the Board of
Public Works to replace the bronze-lamps
In the' vicinity -of the City Hall, whinn
have been missing- for some time past.
The expense is to be paid out of the sur
plus of $274a 89 in the -3treet lighting fund.
Supervisor Reed stated that the two
lamps In front of the Armory, on Ellis"
street, formerly beloneed to the city, and
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by William H. Stanton against Mary E.
Stanton, for desertion: Carrie L. Miller
against Henry W. Miller, for cruelty-
Constance Parker against Herbert
Parker, for desertion, and Frederick
Christ against Margaret Christ, for de
sertion. .' .v
Total subscriptions to date ...$18,804 07
.The following are : the additional sub
scriptions to the Texas relief fund re
ceived ' by " the California State Relief
Committee. to noon yesterday:
German Singing; Societies (second con
1 tributlon) |75 S3
Citizens of Crescent City, by George
.H. Crawford, Sheriff of Del Norte gf ¦
I 'County 115 00
Citizen of Preston; Cal. .» 1 00
German Savings and Loan Society reported:
Mme. .F.-.R.t Major ....:.. ..$3 00
Mary Presho .7 ¦ 50
Jire./Mary.Fox: :.;.........•¦ 50 ..
James McCord . 25'
Mary.BackWell. 50 • ¦
C H. Irigwerson ...'..: 100
Emll ; Artlgues 1 0J- ' 575
Total additional subscriptions to noon ', '"-:¦
yesterday ..... $197 10
Previously reported subscriptions. ..;..$1S,6O6 97
Galveston Subscriptions.
+ ¦ ' - t ' * +
+ Did you kno-w that' the best +
+ imported figs depend upon the
+ Fig Wasp for their excellenceP T
£ Further, that for years horticul- +
+ turists ' in [ California have been 4
+ experimenting 1 in vain to intro-
t duce the insect. At last perfect +
+ success 'has crowned the efforts +
-f- of one fruitgrower. This should, 4-'
¦f mean millions to the farmers of .-+.
this State. Don't miss the com-
T- plete account which will be ' +¦
+ published in next Sunday's Call. 4.
V.; . ' ¦- • - ;^ '^ £. ¦ ">r- ¦ • :?
Bottled Beers
Labeled "Budweiser," "Faust." "Black &
Tart," "Anheuser-Standard," "Export Pale,"
"Exquisite" or "Pale-LaEer" — If ."Anheuser- 1
Busch" Is on the label— they are purest beers.
E. G. Lyons Co., San Francisco, Wholesale
Dealer. • -v.;' . ¦•:,;: ¦> •
Sufferers From Rheumatism and Pul
monary Disease Transferred
From the Presidio.
Twenty soldiers were yesterday sent
from the General Hospital, Presidio, to
the Government hospitals at Fort Bay
ard, Arizona, and Hot Springs, Ark -The
ten men sent to Arizona were suffering
from -pulmonary troubles, and the ten
sent to Arkansas had rheumatism
Ten volunteers received their discharges
yeterday and twelve more will be paid off
to-day. The men paid oft yesterday were
recruits, who upon examination were
found to be unfit for service.
Reuben Slater, private in Troop C
Fourth Cavalry, died yesterday at the
General Hospital. ., ..
rJ h Mi SlX w / ee i :Iy - concert held at the
Presidio Wednesday night was a decided
success. The. Third Artillery band ren
dered several choice selections and a
graphophone company sent out a machine
and a long list of songs and instrumental
pieces. • '- ,
SOLDIERS SENT TO FORT
BAYARD AND HOT SPRINGS
Senator J. C. Sims, chairman of the
Democratic State Central Committee, left
yesterday afternoon for his home in Santa
Rosa, During the campaign he has made
a host of friends in San Francisco. He
has shown himself to bo a most affable
gentleman, though somewhat lacking in
prophetic insight. Before election ? he
said the State v.ould give Bryan 15,000 ma
jority. He missed it by only about 55,000.
The Democratic headquarters at the
California Hotel will be kept open for
some days longer with Secretary Al Mc-
Cabe in charge.
Within a day or two all but a single
room of the Republican headquarters at
the Palace Hotel will be given up, but
headquarters will be maintained there for
several weeks. . . .'-«/.
Headquarters Soon to Close.
and Papers.
Much good reading matter was received
during the month Just past for the Manila
Library by the Red Cross Societies,- to be
forwarded to the American soldiers ln the
Philippine Islands. In the lot were twen
ty-seven bound books, 142 paper covered
books. 1S67 magazines and 4147 papers.
Four boxes containing forty bound books,
229 magazines and 1358 papers have been
sent to the library in Manila. Twelve
boxes containing forty bound , books,
eighty-one covered books, 1742 magazines
and 3175 papers, Were shipped to Manila.
Ncgros, Guam, the San Tomas Military
Hospital and other points, and for the use
of transports.
The following named donated during
October:
Dr. Reisen, The Call, the Chronicle, the Ex
aminer. Mrs. Baumgrarten, Mrs. J. P. Sanborn
.1. Y. Lyman. Miss Bdeerly, Mrs. F. C. Sel
frldge, the Argonaut. William J. Abernatiiy,
Miss Meyer. Judge Beloher, Mrs. F. L. Bird
P. N\ Llllenthal. Thomas 8. Cotter. Miss Pay
ton, Mrs. Phillips. MarysvlllA Rod Cross So
ciety. Mechanics' Library. T. LV Tegrgart. GI1
roy Bed Cross Society, Miss Emery, Vacaville
Red Cross Society, Mrs. F. A. Estes and Mrs.
A. L. Llppman.
American Library for Manila Ships
Many Cases of Donated Books
BEADIWG MATTER GOES
FORWARD TO SOLDIERS
A Benefit for Batired Teachers.
A benefit for retired teachers will be
given at Metropolitan Hall on the 17th
inst.. under the patronage of the Teach
ers' Annuity Association. Under the di
rection of Professor O'Brien talented
pupils of the public schools will render a
programme consisting of song3, dances.
recitations and dialogues. The costumes
will be rich and elegant. The admission
fee will be twenty-five cents, and for chil
dren fifteen cents.
¦ • Monk left the house Saturday evening
with another roomer and they went down
town. At Geary and Kearny streets Monk
left his companion, saying he had a
"date," and that was the last seen of him.
As he did not return McGinnls became
alarmed and broke open Monk's trunk.
The money was gone. McGlnnis com
menced a quiet investigation on his own
account, and when he ascertained that
Monk had not returned to work at the
tannery and had not drawn his week's
.wages he thought it was time to report
the matter to the police. Yesterday he
swore to a complaint in Judge "Conlan's
court charging Monk with felony embez
zlement, and the warrant was given Into
the hands of Detectives Graham and Fitz
gerald. It is supposed that Monk is in
hiding, waiting the departure of the next
steamer for Australia, ¦ whence he or
iginally came.
While McGlnnis was searching through
¦Monk's trunk he discovered : from corre
.spondence that. Monk had deserted his
wife and three children, two girls and a
boy, in Australia about four years ago.
Further, it was discovered that about six
months ago he married a divorced woman
known as the wife of "Doc" Wilson in
Santa Cruz, and also deserted her. She
is now in Santa Cruz and is in a condition
that requires care and attention.
Monk has been known as "Doc" Wilson
and Roy Smith. He Is a man between 35
and 40 years of age, 5 feet 7 or 8 inches
tall, dark hair cropped short, dark heavy
mustache, gray eyes, prominent nose and
slightly bald. He wore a dark suit. J
Monk, who worked for a tanner on the
San Bruno road, had a room in McGinnls'
house. MeGlnnls sold some land ln Val
lejo for $800. He got the money on Octo
ber 25, and that night he remarked in the
presence of Monk that he did not know
what to do with the money, as he did not
wish to place It in bank Just then. Monk
suggested that he put It in his trunk,
where it would be absolutely safe. To
this McGinnls agreed.
¦ John Monk, a tanner. Is wanted by the
police on a charge of felony embezzle
ment, and there is every reason for the
belief that he is also a bigamist. The
complaining witness against him on the
embezzlement charge Is Thomas McGln
nls, who keeps a boarding-house at 90S
Illinois street.
Warrant Out for the Arrest
of John/Monk, a
Tanner.
POLICE LOOKING
FOR EMBEZZLER
AND BIGAMIST
Robert Dollar said yesterday that he
had discussed, the matter'of building the
new steamer for his use with the Fulton
Iron Works people. It had been his idea
and also Mr. Wood's that two vessels
could be built more economically than
one. He said to the Fulton Iron Works
people that he would not go ahead until
after election. "Mr. Wood felt the same
way that I did about the matter. He be
lieved that Bryan's election would dis
turb business for a long time and It would
be better to wait," said Mr. Dollar.
The Bteamer for MrJ Dollar and the. one
that Mr. Wood will probably now con
struct will each have a capacity for car
rying 600,000 feet of lumber. The cost of
building will be quite large. Benefit will
also result by the furnishing of addition
al facilities for carrying on the lumber
business tributary to this port. There
was a story current yesterday that Mr.
Dollar had already signed the contract
on the day following election, but Mr
Dollar said that this was not true
Because President McKlnley was re
elected, Robert Dollar will proceed at
once to have a new steamer built for lum
ber carrying between this port and Graj'3
1.: arbor. Had the national election result
ed ln the choice of Bryan, Mr. Dollar
would not have placed an order at this
time. E. K. Wood and Mr. Dollar have
been talking recently about having two
steamers built on the same plan, for the
same sort of work. Mr. Wood had the
same idea thnt Mr. Dollar had, that the
election of Bryan would disturb the busi
ness of the country seriously. Mr. Wood
therefore waited, with Mr. Dollar, to see
how the«election would come out. Now It
is probable that the two vessels that the
gentlemen have had under consideration
will scon be urider way.
New Steamers Made Sure by
Popular Verdict for
Prosperity.
READY TO BUILD
SHIPS BECAUSE
HcKINLEY WINS
should be removed to the City Hall. The
committee reported against covering the
photograph gallery ln the Hall of Jus
tice building with a temporary roof, and
decided instead to devote the funds to
finishing the Morgue building.
McCarthy's motion that the company be
directed to produce at the meeting next
week the original contract for building
the old pumping plant at Lake Merced
was adopted.
Reed s motion that the company furnish
at the next meeting the name of the per
son from whom the Lake Merced plant
was purchased, also the purchase price
and a list of the land and water rights ac
quired and the capacity of the lake, was
carried. -
Attorney Kellogg then took the stand
and testified that the valuation on which
last year s rates were fixed was much less
than the actual valuation of the property
though he admitted that no record of val
uations was kept by the company.
At this point Braunhart presented the
following resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved. That the president and secretary
of the Spring Valley Water Company be re
quested to certify to the board on or before
December 1 the cost to the company of the
several Items of the property contained in an
inventory of its property filed October 5. 1900.
with the Board of Public Works
To a question of Reed, Ames said no
estimate had ever been made of the real
value of the Lake Merced plant used in
supplying water to San Francisco nor had
any valuation ever been placed on the
whole system by the company.
"I cannot tell exactly at what the com
pany values its plant or assets," said
Ames, "and the rate we aBk for Is based
on the actual requirements to pay taxes
maintenance and interest or dividends on
bonds and stocks."
Ames said that no money derived from
the water schedule had ever gone Into
betterments and all the construction of
the Merced system, to his best recollec
tion, had been paid for from the sale of
stock or bonds. All maintenance was paid
out of the money received from water
rates.
A desultory talk followed on the techni
cal difference between "betterment" and
maintenance when any improvements
were constructed. Ames said he could not
give any information as to depreciation in
the plant, as no mercantile books were
kept. The company, he said, did not
write off anything for deterioration
though Brandenstein held this to be a
legitimate procedure.
" D P. you mean to say that you do not
provide for depreciation ln your prop
erty?" asked McCarthy. v v
"Why, we keep no such account," re
plied Ames.
Ames said the first purchase of the Lake
Merced property was made by the. Spring
\ alley Water Company, in 1876 from a con
cern known as the -Lake Merced Water
Company for $150,000. The purchase com
prised water rights only and no land was
acquired at the time. Ames said he had
no details of the other purchases or the
names of the persons to whom the money
was paid. Reed said that unless the
names and amounts were forthcoming the
statements made by Ames could not be
verliied. Ames then produced a memor
andum showing that the cost of the Lake
n r S?o d /. P ro P er ty was as follows: Land,
?G(9,098 60; water rights, $150,000; pumping
grounds, $389,692 43; improvements in dams
?. nd , dredging canals, $346,65127: total, $1,
oob,44J 3o. No interest or repairs ln the
way or maintenance were included in that
sum, which represented tne first cost of
the Lake Merced plant.
To a question of Reed, Ames said that
ms knowledge was derived from the
books of the corporation and covered a
period from 1SS8, during which he had been
secretary. In 1S03 the improvement of the
South Lake was made at a cost of $200,
000, which resulted in a perfect drainage
canal from the lake to the ocean, thus in
suring unpolluted water. Reed's persist
ent inquiry for details caused Ames to say
that instead of frivolous details he had
thought it preferable to give figures on
the various items he had enumerated.
Ames said he could not inform the board
as to the value of the various items in the
inventory furnished by the Spring Valley
Company to the Board of Public Works
as he did not have the leisure to get the
information. McCarthy eaid that unless
tne cost were given the board would be
unable to ascertain the value of the prop
erty. This was necessary. McCarthy said,
in order to dear fairly with the company
and with the consumers.
Ames said that an abandoned pumping
plant at Lake Merced cost 5166,000. and
Reed contended that this item should be
stricken from tlio value of the plant as it
was not contributing to the working of
the system. Ames would not answer
Reed's question as to whether there was
any other item Included in his estimate
which was not now actually used in iho
distribution of the water from the lake
Ames said that much of the machinery
formerly in the pumping plant had blen
transferred to other localities In the svs
tem Attorney Kellogg held that such
machinery had been charged to the new
ocaJitles. Ames did not know how much
property 3 lnClUded ln the L^e Merced
Braunhart desired to know If the com
pany could furt-lsh the cost of the iron
Pipe or of any item enumerated in the
Inventory Ames said the cost of plpl
had varied and when it was bought nart
pf it might be sent to one place and part
to another.
to Supervisor Connor, chairman of the
water committee. Pelham Ames, secre
tary of the corporation, was on the stand
all evening, and he was subjected to a
rapid fire of cross questioning regarding
his knowledge of what the various sys
tems controlled by the- Spring Valley
Water Company cost originally. But lit
tle Information, however, was gleaned
£ om -™ mes > as he was only able to give
tne values as taken from the company's
books. .
After several unsuccessful attempts the
Board of Supervisors finally met last
night as a committee of the whole for the
purpose of beginning an investigation into
the values of the property of 'the Spring
Valley AVater Company's plant with a
view to^ fixing the water rates for next
year. Fourteen Supervisors were present
when Mayor Phelan surrendered the chair
Secretary Ames Testifies That
Nothing Is Ever Written Off
Values for Depreciation
in the Plant.
Little Information Gleaned
From Spring Valley
Officials.
INVESTIGATION
OF WATER RATES
FINALLY BEGINS
Joseph Campbell will answer Mr. Lane
this morning. Garret McEnerney will then
present hfs views on behalf of the de
fense and John Garber will close the argu
ment. •
How can effect be given the charter as the
organic law of the city and county of San
Franel*eo If It does not supersede all laws re
lcting to the government of counties and all
laws inconsistent with Its provisions?
¦"Where 1b the power to pay such deputies ex
cept by conforming with the provisions of the
chart erT
Why should a court be called upon to pre
judge the rights of parties not before the
court— the deputies of the so-called county offl
ccrs7
In concluding Mr. Lane said he would
suggest that opposing counsel answer four
questions which he would propound.
These questions are:
What authority haa Plaintiff CrowleV to en-
Join th* Civil Sen-ice Commission from holding
examinations? How can the hands of that civic
body be tied permanently by a taxpajer. suing
as such to prevent expenditure of public funds
for such examinations?
Garret McEnerney, who is associated
with the defense, said he also questioned
the regularity of the proceedings, the
present action being one in equity, in
which a property right must be Involved.
'Even though the commission expended
a million dollars in holding these exam
inations," he said, "Crowley's taxes
would be Increased but $2 40. He must be
a poor financier or he would have willingiv
paid the J2 40 instead of employing such
eminent counsel to save himself the bur
den of this tax."
Here Judge Hebbard interrupted and
called for more law. Mr. Lane proceeded.
After a few citations Mr. Lane called
attention to what he referred to as the
"danger" of holding that the county gov
ernment act Is operative as to San'Fran
clsco. Such a decree, he said, would de
stroy the acts of the Board of Super
visors and "enforce the formation ot a
board of- five Supervisors, as that act pro
vides, to exercise Jurisdiction over countv
matters, would invalidate the acts o'f
courts and cloud titles, in addition to the
thousand and one evils that would arise
from such a construction of the law."
"But," said Attorney Joseph Campbell
of counsel for the plaintiff, "the county
officers do not wish to lose their positions
by forcing the commission to mandamus
them. Recorder Godchaux was forced to
sp<K?dlly comply with the Mayor's sug
gestion that he accept the list under pen
alty of dismissal."
Mr. Lane next attacked the action of
hearing, claiming that It was prematurs.
He suggested that the proper remedy
would have been Instead of seeking to
enjoin the Civil Service Commission from
holding 'examinations to have permitted
»uch examinations and then. In event anv
of the so-called county officers refused to
accept the list handed him by the com
mission, to have determined the points
involved by mandamus proceedings
against the officer refusing to accept such
list.
After a few further authorities ln sup
port of Plaintiff Crowley's contentions
had been cited by Attorney Frohman, rep
resenting Rarber. Creswell & Garber, City
Attorney Lane opened on behalf of the
defense. The county government act, he
contended, never did apply to the city
and county of San Francisco. By and
through the consent of the people of Cali
fornia, represented in the 'State Legisla
ture, the right to exercise the functions of
a county in it? relation to the State had
been delegated to the consolidated city
and county government, he said. The peo
ple of the State by the consent of the
Legislature had signified thefr -willingness
to trust the body politic existing within
thf» territorial limits of San Francsco to
fulfill Its duties to the State as though a
couny government under the county gov
ernment act were In operation. This con
dition, he said, now exists under the char
ter of the city and county of San Fran
cisco as it largely did under the old con
solidation act. The power had been given
to the people of California, he further
contended, to delegate the authorltv to
exercise county governmental functions to
the governmental bodies of the consoli
date city and county of San Francisco
by Sections 8 and 8M> of the constitution.
The provisions of these sections of the
constitution had been adhered to ln the
merging of the city and the county gov
ernments, and hence, he claimed, "in the
literal and legal sense there no longer ex
lf<t<»d r distinct county government.
Under this theory there remained no
deputies, he continued, of so-called county
officers whose rights are jeopardized.
Neither, he said, could the appointment of
such deputies at the beginning of these
officers' terms be considered permanent.
The temporary appointment of deputies
to prevent the stoppage of public busi
ness could not be considered permanent,
Mr. Lane further asserted, and such ap
pointments were made to hold only until
such time as the civil service provisions
of the charter became operative.
Francisco are a single body politic and
that henre there is no county govern
ment within the territorial limits of San
Francisco and consequently can be no so
called county officers, it is making stren
uous efforts to force the present action
out of court on the ground that it is pre
mature and without warrant of law.
San FranclBCo's status within Its own
territorial limits and Its peculiar position
as a subdivision of the State of California
—whether or not the merger of the city
and county of San Francisco as a body
politic has been completed or whether the
city and the county of San Francisco are
separate and distinct entities— has been
accepted by the legal defenders of the
civil service provisions of the charter as
the salient Issue involved ln the action
now on hearing before Judge Hebbard of
the Superior Court. Though the defense
to T. J. Crowley's attack? on civil service
contends that the city and county of San
Declares That Deputies Were Ap
pointed to Prevent Stoppage of
Public Business Until Char
ter Became Operative.
Asserts That There Are No
Longer Any So-Called
County Officers.
LANE ARGUES
IN DEFENSE OF
CIVIL SERVICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1900.
14
From regular prices.
Id /o
DISCOUNT
Our entire line of
Oriental Rugs, Car-
pets and Curtains at
Oriental
P. IIOSCOR MrXULTY.JI.D.
2fl >i Kearny St,, Sou Fraucisco, C?l-
DR.MCNULTY.
T»flIS WELL-KNOW?? AND RKLt ABLE OLD
I 8p*clali*truw Blood Poison. Gonorrhoen.Oilpet,
Stricture, Seminal Weakness, Iiapotfnoeanij their
allied Disorcl<»r3. Hoolc on Diseases of Men. fr«>e.
OTfrSreanVxper>HccTi>rTiM r«»a<«onable. Hmm,
9to:«d:my;6:.'»tort.30«»v'K3. Snnday*. 10 u» C Consul-
tation freeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
Write for new catalogue of watches. Jewelry
and «llverware. Invaluable to out-of-town pur-
chasers. Hammersmith & Field. 56 Kearny st. •
¥§p For Big-,
>^ For Little Chaps.
f^fe* Incodpowated Union Squape Ave
Winter
Top Coats
Some
Money- Saving
Specials
* ; in
Two or three big spe-
cial's in Reefer Coats
to-day. Winter Reef-
ers for chaps, but space
forbids enlarg ement
upon them. They 're
gems, though. For little
chaps between the ages
of 3 and 7 years.
Smart, cute, bright
fashions at
$2.95
Swell
Scotches.
A long coat in name
— a long coat, in fact.
For chaps between the
ages of 8 and 15 years.
Raglan pockets, turn-
back cuffs. It's im-
possible to imagine a
smarter garment, and
there's lots of stores
that don't show up as
pood a garment at
$10 00. Please make
a mental note of that
"at S10.00.'.' We say
our price for this coat is
$3.98
site in
Longkote
As Pictured Oppo-
Possessing
CHIC! SNAP!
SMARTNESS!
Wiir
Garment
These suits' are for
chaps between the ages
of 8 and 15, and our
price for these swell
suits, the trousers of
which are made dou-
ble seats anJ double
knees, is
$2.95
is the
Greatest.
At the knees. At 1he
seats. They're double
there, end they're the
handsomest i coich fab-
rics that you have ever
laid your eyes upon.
Some of the prettiest
and newest of winter
fabrics; ' smart ones.
you know, cs we only
handle smart fashions,
in colorings different
from those you will find
in other stores, and we
promise you that these
suits are as good as
anything you will find
at $5 00 about town.
There's no mistaking
about that—you under-
stand, at $5 00.
Strain
Where
Heini
Where
Stfeill
STRENGTH
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. JH. Plum & Co,,
130M307 Market Street.
OUR
the
I PRE-EMINENT VALUES IN OUR ffi BEST FOR THE LEAST. BEAUTIFIERS READY FOR YOUR |J
I WAIST DEPARTMENT. JkL, cellars, an 1^ CHOOSING. %
§ 900 SAMPLES LADIES' WOOL or * Yt\ a11 shapes Oc J" S 5 reeved a new shipment of H
S SILK WAISTS, each an exact copy f M NEW PARISIAN NOVELTIFS rv Si
m of newest Parisian models, with new >v [, J Trade Winninq Quotations VEILING, chiffon, fancv m^h k\
I long waist effect; all newest sleeves. /„ n ur plain. Tuxedo, velvet or ohrnin* *n** £3
I Among them is an ALL-SILK m uur in black or colors. We are ai«« M
3 TAFFETA WAIST, made of best HANDKERCHIEF DEPT Io^ ln I> rlce: the H
I quality, soft finish, taffeta; tucked nMi»uivi-nuniui uuri, . extreme novelties in these veiV*-i» §3
H and corded front, tucked back, lined LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS. e eUs *»°« gf
\ throughout, new sleeves, flare cuff; made of best Irish lawn, hem- RlCRfHiQ I DIDDnup 1 ri
j . in all the newest shades; we are of- stitched, hand initialed CJUc nlODUHO • nlocUilo I C|
ferlng them for $12.J)S , GENTS' INITIALED HANDKER- NEVER V*
I CHIEFS, same quality as above. F^\**""^l BEFORE AT £ I
i j|ffe*k. LE6GINS only larger ..^ yv ul-^J) THE^z: E|
P Js StfSir npVv'Q T v r* f t v <a lil'^t* / i'*S Cn^ j~Ji aTt o?!- 6^™ °* 13
fcj !r«l|?3 made of best all-wooi Cr; ; lS-^' V~> f)^j FETA PJE3ON £ 1
Icl Inl t ' t ", jS,J>\. bought the SY /•*[ come earlv and H
M ,^®F^* Children's Legg1ns 16*ln. VicWfeA RA.TES. BECAUSE WE h secure these rib- it
m «»* I W long .7.. ...75c »J|y|ii HAPPENED TO BE ON b( g9 'at these prices Tio' «
P WMxifJ THE SPOT WHEN A Ribbon Bows tied free by eab^rl- iB
II Vnil'l I n: DIPKCn WITU TUCQF Vill\^\ MILL DECIDED ON A enced bowmakers. H
m TUU LL b; rLtAotU Wlln Intct MmM quick adjustment |J
m ' VALUES iWl'i'f °- F ITS stock. EVER HAVE COLD FEET? M
|?d LADIES' EIDERDOWN DRESS- I'l ii ! '/ most attractive items of HERE'S A REMEDY". ll
m ING SACQUES, crocheted edge, all \\<W the purchase: __„„ „ LADIES' ALL WOOL CASH M
m colors : 70c m { CHILDREN'S COMBI- MERE HOSE, double heels and tS H
m WHITE LAWN APRONS. \ b\ NATION SLITS, made of soft and elastic, the kind that i
gj hemmed 12>,£c l:j best South Sea Island not scratch or Irritate the molt t^n M
Si 3-inch WIDE TORCHON LACE.... W cotton fleece lined, high d er skin. Keam shrunk a?fl m ;,H' ffi
Kg n c \-l neck, long sleeves, ankle rated- wa nlaro ty>l*I « 1 i 11^ 1 " 6a
1 "GOLF" OR* WALKING SKIRTS, If) length, Swiss ribbed; dollar ' ?n Fri/co KA« 1
M w'elted seams, stitched bottom, made \Y your opportunity 35c •¦_ • ,_ S * T1SC0 5 °C g
m of wool Golfing Cloth $2.75 W TWO CASES LADIES' WHEN YOU BUY AN UMRRPI I A RIIV »
m VESTS, mad© of finest Egyptian cot- " nt ™ » u « ¦»" • «•» UMDnCLLA OUT §1
H VIRII ANT SFF^FR^s fiF RF&I VAI llr^ ton > Swiss ribbed, high neck, long \ "MFW" flNF tl
Kg 1IUILHI1I 0LCM.no Ui ntflL VAlUCO sleeves;' neck crocheted and drawn " l " unc. ri
1$ Will Literally Besiege Our Muslin through with silk tape; colors, gray "THAT IS, ONE ||
H Underwear Counter This Week. a . nd .. eC f. U :.. an .. U . n f. XC . e . 1 !f. d . q . Ua : U . t> ;tSo OrYgixau i
K V i'l' stitohed tucks, neck, qualities' are the best. .'.-tSe / <<Z/ll3E¥i / // THE OLD CON- E3
r* &*>>*&. ¦ sleeves and front finished T . ¦ r . TT - =: . ii-cTnAinv Tx-i~ir>T i*ia'//vjKM\lf v F. N T IONAL H5
(53 \S-^~- -I* iii c iTnc fnii lonrrtb Hup \rjblb ana lAJSis, it) per cent f /I'/yASffUH j r>T P' H
>£S ||— ' ¦ \ all "-1ZCS, IUU lenpiil. Ulir -..-/^.l Hjrrh nprk lnrrr «;1pf<vf><5 mnts / /// lift Bc/Tq / l>l.h.. jvj
¦b * • n I made ox rnio, '"• * ln this c *ofk * m
K S^ J J soft bleached muslin, fin- not an ujrly one ln the lot. * fi
E dte3Vfi& 'shed with a twelve-inch eniiFTU'iin -rn nnn innur 20 ° LADIES* and GENTS' UM- ft
1 f fW* flounce of hemstitched SOMETHlNG TO READ ABOUT. BRELLAS. made of best fast blaVk f
M! V"">i tucks, extra dust ruffle, . Italian twill cloth. Dara-sron frame £
rc ?TWV ful1 width. A prize win- 200 pairs LADIES' GLOVES, made steel rod. Congo, natural wood ivory" P
f& * s^—^ ner for 50c of BEST ITALIAN KID, two clasp, horn and bon© handles; sterlin" trim- K
m A limited quantity of LADIES* stitched back, perfect in nt and fin- med; much under the price you hava 1:
E MUSLIN DRAWERS, made of good ish. In black and colors. Unsur- generally paid S51 «-; *
K muslin, finished with ruffle- or tucks passed as to durability and price... Sale second floor. O'Farrell-street 3
Kg 17c OSc entrance. -
n TAX? T>A0I7\T1317OP sie market street, ]
19 -.1 I I f4i . W\ 1 1 j^^ W^j \yi fS W^j WS IT Running Through to 11 0'Farrell. |
Hi W -\^ MmA. .A.*. V^,K^ .4— J^.^ <Mm*A^<A.**^H j MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. *A
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fi^^^^^^f'A''. RiKiiiirfiii
A
r\6rfr^p Unit
CHIC! SNAP!
igSL*^™**™*^'^ SMARTNESS!
4^ Longkote
A Z*^. t&i^ As Pictured Oppo-
//VYni C / Swell
( c^ : /^^W^^^^^i * l0^ coat in na ™
VI y^t—if^^^fc^^^ tfrpb?^^^ ~ a lon 9 coat ' '"fact.
jfcfr |ijjjjjjj^*5fi»&£'«f^ i i !'"iTm^%^^ or chaps between the
fa%J Ijjllj! jjl ftj^TTTfio'' jiiijl WJ^ifl a^ /a " pockets, turn-
f&Sa ;; | ,' ' ' ' j rT 1 ? I ; j jt! tfM'T-'-r— j~trt r T : ?^ : ?^^^^^ possible to imagine a
n§BE& V ' I'jJV-l' [>'¦ '< ' ! ' j 1 1 ¦ ''}y^ smarter garment, and
f :: *&% ~-u£3^|; that d0nt sf>ow Uf) as
y^^^^^iiljTlJ^p^--; . . . T~ 'Ji^SB^^^Sg^ poo</ a garment at
sw °° n , plea$e mahe
$3.98
1 CrHHilHli^^¦^^"^-^•'t^ w^^ ciais m ce^ er Coats
C^TT^|4J^}4^ij^.j j j | j j lifwyy^S | « r s '<"¦ chaps, but space
pfTThpJYjifi j | i j ? ; j ! ff^rffO enlargement
P^ 1 ! I ! i jriiJ'H" ¦ H | ¦ 1 ¦' i ' i rr^T£wSB i//>on them. They're
F|j^Itffi3 H ' ¦ f ! ' ¦ r|Tl^? '^lffl$BK% though. For little
(•T^^H j tt-t; If -H-r 1 j ' ! ; j KAJ\Sfe5^ eAo^s between the ages
hhhn^*}""^ 'II '. ItJ^^^^'^^ Smart, cute, bright
S^- Money-Saving
]' if ' Winter
F^ SPECIAL "^8
Single Box Mattress
IS steel tempered springs. »
hardwood legs. We are I
selling this mattress for *,
srg.45
We carry a complete stock of
everything ln the Furniture lint.
BIG REDUCTION IN EVERY
DEPARTMENT. Call and in-
spect our prices. ?
WE EXTEND CREDIT. i
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.. \
Near Powell. Open Evenings.
1