far from being completed owing to the
same causes that have delayed the other
two ships. The builders are, of course, de
sirous of settings ships off their hands
and closing up transactions involving, as
does the Wisconsin, J2.674.950. which la
$547,860 less than the contract for the
Oregon, indicating that the Government ia
beginning .- to get Its money's worth, the
earlier high prices paid being necessary
to foster the development of the highest
kind- of warship building.
The principal dimensions and data con
cerning the battleships in commission and
those in course of construction to be com-
OFFICIAL TRIAL PERFORMANCES
OF UNCLE SAM'S BATTLESHIPS
After Run Off Santa Barbara) JMV-W$iieh She Shows Mar
velous Powers, a ; Test Is^Made of Other Mechanism,
Which Is Pronounced asf Nearly Perfect as- Possible.
BIG NEW BATTLESHIP
A PRODUCT OF PACIFIC COAST LABOR,
BREAKS THE WORLD'S RECORD IN A TRIAL
•EatimntrA .horsepower.
Three other battleships— the Maine. Mis
souri and Ohio— of 12.500 tons and eighteen
knots speed are in course of construction,
but will not be -completed within another
year, as the contracts for armor are still
held up on account of the inability of
Congress and the armor manufacturers
to agree on prices to be 'paid.
The Wisconsin was contracted for on
September t 19, 1S96, to bo v completed
in three years. ' Her keel was laid on
February 9/1S97 and the launch took place
November 26, 1S98. The ship will be nearly
one year overdue on her contract, owing
to the customary delay in furnishing the
armor, contracts for which were not made
until June, 1S98. The Illinois, a sister ship
to the Alabama and Wisconsin, now In
course of construction at Cramps', Is still
The table herewith shows that, leading
all the vessels of the American navy, the
latest achievement of the Union Iron
Works is greater than all others.
It is not alone that American battle
ships make better speed on their, trials
than those of foreign navies, but the rec
ord of the Oregon showed that with
proper handling and care of the machin
ery American war vessels improve under
service conditions over their trial per
formance, while in foreign navies the re
verse is the case, indicating that the ships
are "jockeyed" in order to show great
paper speed.
Kentucky, Alabama and Wisconsin ex
ceeded their contract speed as much as
the vessels tried prior to the Kearsarge.
pleted this year are given In the following
table, In order to enable the reader to
make comparisons. In the classes grouped
the Indiana stands for the Massachusetts
and Oregon; the Iowa is the sole vessel
of its type, and the Kearsarge, Kentucky,
Alabama, Illinois and Wisconsin are sis
ter ships: •
"We have had the Spanish war and gold
stayed with us. Well, we went on— ami
this I should commend to the few gold
Democrats who now want to come bacK
and Join us— he said: "We have begun
war on the gold standard ami we shall
not let up on It until there Is not a sthgiu
friend of gold left in the country." The
war has gone on for four years and so far
from the desired result having happencl
as Mr. Bryan wished, he himself now.
when he gets into certain communities,
cooes as mildly as a sucklns dove on the*
currency issue. We are fortunate in hav
ing an issue which does not year thin
in any part of the country. We are for
the gold standard here, in New York and
In Denver — everywhere."
A voice — In Victor?
Mr. Roosevelt— Yes, In Victor. Oncu
more we are for -the cause of law and
order — of orderly liberty under the law —
everywhere.
"This you will find on page 532 of Mr.
Bryan's book: 'Only a few of our people
will be able to wear shoes under the gold
standard.' And then he goes on: 'As It
is with shoes, so It is with clothing.'
(Great laughter.)
"That is actually what Mr. Bryan said
four years ago. And, gentlemen, he ran
pretty .close yesterday when he state!
that he wanted a change in the party that
had control of the Government so as to
allow everybody to go to the seaside.
which is now holding its first fall festival,
gave Governor Roosevelt to-night one of
the greatest receptions ever extended in
this city to a candidate for political hon
ors. From the crossing at Southeastern
avenue up East Washington street, three
quarters of a mile distant to the court
house, where he spoke to an immense
audience, he waa enthusiastically cheered.
The sidewalks and thoroughfare* were
crowded with a mass of enthusiastic hu
manity, through which the triumphal pro
cession marched with difficulty.
The candidate for Vice President bowed
continually to the multitude and shook
hands with men and women who gathered
around his carriage.
The courthouse grounds and the streets
surrounding it were • congested with a
throng which greeted the Governor's ar
rival with a storm of cheers, and as he
alighted at the courthouse entrance can
non boomed salutes.
The evening was devoted to a parade,
which was more than two hours passing
th^ reviewing stand in front of the court
house. The Use of march, v.as crowded
and decorated profusely. At the conclu
sion of the parade the Governor was es
corted to the Oennison Hotel, where he
will remain until 9 o'clock to-morrow,
when the special train will start on the
third day's Itinerary of the Indiana tour.
In his speech at the courthouse Governor
Roosevelt said: j
"I feel In thls| campaign I?s9 as if it
were an ordinary partisan contest than as
if it were a crusade for all that we hold
dear in the institutions of the land we
love so well. I feel that we have alright
to appeal to all good Americans, no mat
ter what their party affiliations have been
in the past, to stand with us, for we
stand for the honor and interest of the
whole country, and I am glad, indeed, to
be Introduced by Chairman English, a
Democrat who believes in what were or.ee
the old Democratic doctrines of hard
money, expansion and the honor of the
flag. That is what Jackson— Andrew
Jackson — fought for and lived for. and ha
would turn in his grave If some of these
modern Bryanlzed Democrats walked over
it. I appeal to you first from the stand
point of the material interests of the
country. I appeal to you to keep the good
things we have got and not throw them
away in mere folly. I want no better
campaign argument than can be made
out of the speeches of Mr. Bryan himself
four years ago. If you read the Old Tes
tament you will find that false prophets
had a bad time In those days, but nowa
days they nominate them for President
on the Democratic ticket. This la an in
teresting book (taking up a book). It Is
the best campaign book for the Republi
can party I ever saw. It is called The
First Battle.' and it was written by Mr.
Bryan, and If you will turn to page 52 you
will see the speeches he made here In In
dianapolis four years ago. As generally
happens, he could not resist prophesying,
and he said. 'Gold la arrogant and tyran
nical, and It deserts any nation ia time of
Enthusiastically Cheered by
au Immense Audi
ence.
MAKES A TELLING ADDRESS
Bryan's Own Book Quoted to Show
the Change in Sentiment of
Democratic Candidate.
»
INDIANAPOLIS. Oct. ll.-lndlanapolls.
Indianapolis Is the
Scene of Warm
-Welcome.
Never Had a Political
Candidate Received
Such Honors.
ROOSEVELT
GETS GREAT
RECEPTION
FRANKFORT. Ky., Oct! 11.— The Dem
ocratic and Republican antl-Goebel fac
tions of the conference committee appoint
ed by the Kentucky Legislature to adjust
the disagreement over an election bill. to
take the place of the Goebel law. failed to
agree, and to-night ; the leaders on both
sides express the opinion that a new law
will' not be passed. • ..
Anti-Goebelites Disagree.
"The Czar decided It was necessary to
bring you back to Wllna so you -might be
ready here to join us against a foe we
shall be ordered to meet."..
The correspondent adds that the foe
hinted at can only be Germany.
LONDON, Oct. 12.— The Moscow corre
spondent of the Standard attaches signifi
cance to a speech • made by the Russian
general in command at Wilna to i some
troops who had. been ordered to China,
but -/were recalled to Odessa on the very
eve of sailing.. He says that the general
In addressing the men made this explana
tion: ¦.¦- ¦¦;•
Significant Speech to His
Men "Made by the
CZAR PREPARES TO
WAGE WAR AGAINST
EMPEROR WILLIAM
/.'I have seen "a copy of ,-Mr. .Rice's ai
leged • second /.will. ' Patrick's -statement
that this id instrument, left the residuary
estate., to '*. him , in trust is untrue. The
whole residuary estate is given to' Patrick
in fee* and'.? there"; Is •' no; mention") of ' any
trnst in the instrument. .' . :-¦; ;. ;
' James W. .Gerard, counsel < for Captain
James A. Baker,* one of .the executors of
Millionaire William Marsh Rice's first
will,. sprang a'new sensation this after
noon by making . the following statement:
Mr. Long 'offered .as security for the
$10,000 four buildings, j valued j at J $10,000;
four buildings,' valued ut $340,000, with two
mortgages on them for $271,000.
NEW YORK, ¦ Oct. 11.— The only de
velopment. In the Rice case to-day was
the attempt to bail Albert _T. Patrick, the
old millionaire's lawyer. The bondsman,
William S. Long, a real estate broker,
was not accepted, as a Judgment of $1800
against 'him had not been satisfied.
Declares That the Alleged
Second Will Makes No
Mention of Any
LAWYER SPRINGS A
NEW SENSATION IN
THE RICE CASE
Continued on Second Page.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— There was a good
deal of a mix-up here to-daft" over an at
tempt to straighten out the position of the
requisition of Governor Sayers of Texas
for the persons of William Rockefeller
and other members of the board of direc
tors of the Standard Oil Company. Sev-'
eral statements were given out seriously
alleging that Governor Roosevelt or Act
ing Governor Woodruff had taken final
action in the matter, but to-nisrht It is
definitely ascertained that the only action
that was. taken in the case was by Judge
Joyce, the Governor's pardon clerk, who
merely gave to Governor Sayers' counsel
an opinion that unless his papers of requi
sition, could state that the persons wanted
had been in the State of Texas and had
committed a crime there they would not
be taken from this State, j
As far as Governor Roosevelt is con
cerned, he has not' acted in the; matter
because of absence from the State,*
Requisition for Ex radition
on Like Grounds Once
Before Refused by
Courts.
ROCKEFELLER WILL
PROBABLY NOT BE
HALED INTO TEXAS
NEW YORK, Oct. ll.-Referrlng to a"
dispatch from San Francisco saying that
he had refused the presidency of the
Southern Pacific Railway j Company at
$40,000 a year, Edwin Hawley said to-day:
"I would not - take • $40,000 a year and
leave New York. It is not true that the
place has been offered to me, anyway. 1
would* not accept the presidency of the
Southern Pacific. I would rather stay
here. ' The matter of the presidency is in
the hands of the monetary committee, of
which C. H. Tweed is chairman. The
committee -has not' selected any one for
the office yet; when it does, it will report
to the governing board. I have no idea
who will get the presidency." . :
Mr. Hawley is now fourth vice presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company and
president of the Minneapolis and St. Louis
and of the Iowa Central railroads, as well
as director in numerous other roads. .
Edwin Hawley Declares That
the Committee Has Not
Selected the
Man.
WAS NOT OFFERED
PRESIDENCY OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Up till three years ago speed premiums
gave the builders an additional incentive
to turn out better and faster ships than
the contracts demanded and every ship
earned a large premium: but the with
drawal of ..the bonus does not seem- to
have slacked, the efforts of the builders,
and the performances of the Kearsarge,
It Is just about five years since the In
diana, the first battleship of the American
navy, had her trial, and every succeeding
ship has been an improvement upon its
predecessor. There has not been a single
hitch in the progress and it was antic
ipated that Just as the Alabama had ex
ceeded • the performance of the Indiana
the Wisconsin would excel the Alabama. .
of the men below decks and could not say
enough in favor of the work they accom-j
plished. He is feeling in the best of spir
its and is justly proud of the Wisconsin,
the boat that has beaten the world's rec
ord for her class. There is no doubt of
the fact that if the 'conditions of the past
week had continued until to-day an aver
age speed of 17& knots would have been
made. One of the officers aboard jocu
larly stated that "Scott had Cramps!"
.The* spend of the engines was so' regular
that in 13,930 revolutions there was not a
difference of twenty revolutions between
the port and starboard propellers as the
figures stood. It was a* most remarkible
trip. The tidal corrections when com
puted will add to the speed recorded be
cause the tide was against for a greater
length of time than with the direction of
the ship. After the course was run she
did not slack her speed, but kept, right en.
The naval board then took charge of her,
testing the evolutions that are required
by the Government, consisting of turning
to port and starboard in the ordinary
manner. Time was noted at each turn,
also with one propeller bearing ahead and
the other astern, turning to port and star
board with hand 3teering gear and de
scribing a circle. She accomplished so
small a circle that the radius was within
one and, a half lengths of the boat.
Irving M. Scott was loud in his praise
two knots. A great deal of the success of
the trip is duo to Mr. Forsyth, John Mur
ray, who had charge of the boilers, and
Quartermaster An<?erson. Mr. Eckert,
consulting ' engineer of the Union Iron
WorkB, kept a record of the revolutions.
NEW UNITED STATES BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN. WHICH DURING HER TRIAL TRIP IN SANTA BARBARA CHANNEL YESTERDAY BROKE THE
WORLD'S RECORD FOR VESSELS OF HER CLASS, ALTHOUGH THE VOYAGE WAS MADE AGAINST THE TIDE AND IN RATHER HEAVY
WEATHER. •
SANTA BARBARA. Oct. 1L— The
new battleship Wisconsin, in her
trial trip to-day, showed marvel
oub 6peed, breaking all records
for vessels of her class. The
water was rough and a heavy fog hung
over the channel. Hundreds of people
stood on shore to watch the maneuvers
of the vessel, but a few minutes after
she left her moorings she had disappeared
in the white mist.
With the break of dawn a strong,south
west breeze sprung up. The water was
choppy and there was a heavy swell.
Much speculation was indulged in and the
wise ones said the trial must needs be
postponed. The builders, however, were
confident of the staying qualities of their
handicraft and decided to make the run
in spite of wind and weather. They made
it and now proudly point to the mountain
of Iron and steel as another monument
to Pacific Coast skill ar.d enterprise.
A. few minutes before S o'clock this
morning the "Wisconsin left her berth In
this channel and proceeded to sea. She
went far above- the- coure«--»ind then rui i
down almost as f a-r as Ventura at v a ,
speed In excess of sixteen knots. On re
turning she started on the course, pass
ing the Iowa, which was the eastern bea
con line, at 10:20 o'clock.
At 11:01 a. m. she passed the first stake
boat, and at 11:31 a. m. passed the second
stakeboat, and shortly after turned the
last stakebcat, the Philadelphia, and re
turned to the starting line. The average
revolutions of the propellers on the west
ern trip were 119.34 per minute and on the
eastern trip 119.15. This is alone remark
able, as never before have average revo
lutions been so close.
The average steam pressure was
180 and the exhausts blew off fre
quently, which, showed that there
j was steam to spar?. The maximum
I speed from the stakeboat Ranger to
Gaviota wharf was 18.54. The aver
age speed for 32 knots on the west
ern course was 17.9, making an aver
age speed for the entire run of 17.25.
All the evolutions of the ship in turn
ing, backing, full speed ahead, full
spezd astern, turning by hand steer
ing gear and raising the anchor with
103 fathoms of c?iain were performed
satisfactorily. All the auxiliaries
performed their work as perfectly
as mechanism can be made to do.
Irving M. Scott said: ""Without
doubt she is the most perfect ship in
all appurtenances that the Union
Iron Works has ever turned out.
Approximately the horsepower was
11,800. The Alabama was the only
other ship that approached the speed
and her average speed was 17.03.
| Her maximum was 18.03."
Chief Engineer Forsyth kept a record
of the wind as well as the waves, and on
the return course there was a whltecap
sea for about one-quarter of the thirty-
It is not understood that thii Interdiction Is
to be Frnumnt, and the duration of it and
the details of Us regulation FP o, n a prO per
rut^ect of discussion by the negotiators.
'J. Equitable indemnities for the Governments,
torjiorations and private Individuals.
This ts as object desired by all the powers.
The Russian Government has Eugreeted that
in case of protracted divergence of views this
matter might be commended to the considera
tion of the International Court of Arbitration
of The Hague. The President thinks this iug
r'-nioa worthy the attention of the powers.
«. The organization in jvkir.jr of a perma
r> iii cuard for the legations.
The Government of the United States Is un
able to make permanent engagement of this
nature without the authorization of the legis
lative branch, but In the present emergency we
have stationed in Peking an adequate 'legation
CU&rd.
6. The dismantling of the forts at Taku.
The President reserves the expression of his
Continued on Second Pagre.
The Government of the United States agrees
xvlth that of France in recognizing as the ob-
J'ct to be obtained from the Government of
China, appropriate reparation for the past and
mbrtantial guarantees for the future.
The President is glad to perceive In the basis
of negotiation put forward In the memorandum
cr October 4 the spirit that baa animated the
declarations heretofore made by all the powers
int^r^st^d and would be pleased to Bee the
r«jrotlations twpun immediately upon the usual
verification of credentials.
It may be convenient to enumerate the
classes of the memorandum and to add some
observations dictated by the attitude of the
United States In the present circumstances.
L The punishment oi the guilty parties who
may be desirnated by the representatives of the
I owers at Peking.
The Chinese Government has already Indi
cate it« Intention to punish a number of
ihofe responsible for the recent disorders. The
representatives of the power* a.t Peking may
nOKSt additions to that Hit when nejoUa
t;.i3< are entered.
Z. The continuance of the interdiction against
the l»r.i>ortatlon of arms.
MEMORANDUM.
In the demand cf Li Hung Chang for
the return of the $278,000 seized by the
American marine* at Tientsin, the au
thorities see the purpose of the Chinese
commissioners to offset the claims for
indemnity to be made by powers by coun
t<-r claims for damage to private and
Government property which was not in
accord with the rules of war. There is
no intention on the part of this Govern
ment to participate in any further mili
tarj» expeditions, and It will deprecate
action of this character' on the part of
inreigii powers.
Minisur Wu Ting Fang asserts there 13
r.o danper of an uprising In Southern
<rina, and has so assured Secretary Hay.
The authorities fear, however, that un-
U-ss something is quickly done to support
the r»OKition of the viceroys who have so
nobly held their people in check an out
break may occur. It is proposed by this
Gn\err.ment to insist that the Viceroyg
receive an appropriate award for their
conduct.
The reply of the United States Govern
nvnt to the French note relative to the
basis of Chinese negotiations follows:
THE .SECRETARY OF STATE TO THE
TRENCH CHARGE IT AFFAIRES:
SENT TO MR. TKIEBAUT. October 10, 1900.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTOX Ho-
TEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— In direct
reposition to the implied wishes of the
I'nited States. Count von Waldersee, the
t;*rnian eommander-in-cbief In China, has
pent an expedition to Paoting-Fu, and his
action may cause consequences In the
southern provinces which the authorities
fear lo contemplate.
Believing that the foreigners and their
interests can best be protected by bring
ing: about the early return of peace. Sec
rt-tpry Hay has furnished the French and
ctber governments with his reply to the
Frfnch propositions, in which he states
that the President "would be pleased to
:-• • oesotiatiosi begun" immediately upon
th« usual - verification of credentials."
Concluding: his note, the Secretary states
that "the President believes that the
Governments of France and other pow
rtm will see in t >e reserves we nave made
laere no obsta.._ to the initiation of nego
tifuiens en the lines suggested, and he
bop^s it will be found practicable to be
irin such n<»grctla.tir»tH; 3,* arc early day." .,_,
To guard apainst controversial dlscus-
F'/r;. the President has Indorsed the sug
gestion of the Russian Government, that
jn case of a protracted divergence of
viewy, the matter of Indemnity which
China must pay might be commended to
the consideration of the International
Court of Arbitration of The Hague.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
As a Last Resort in Settling the In
demnity in China International
Arbitration Is Urgei
EARLY PEACE CHIEF DESIRE
America's Reply to the Lat
est Proposals Made by
France.
Serious Consequences
Feared in Southern
Provinces.
Von Waldersee's
Act Augments
Discord.
MAY CAUSE
VERY GRAVE
CONFLICTS
As yet there has been no Ministerialist
gain in Wales and no Liberal, gain In
Scotland. The list of the re-elected in
cludes the nephew and heir of the late
Earl of, BeaconsHeld, Conlngsby Ralph
Disraeli, who has ' represented the Al
tringham division of Cheshlve In the Con
servative Interest since 183S.
The constitution of the new house thus
far Is as follows: Ministerialist 374- op
position, 22S. ' *
In Sutherlandshre, S. Levinson-Gower,
Liberal-Unionist, ' defeated John McLeod
Liberal,, who held the seat In the late
Parliament, and in the Southport division
of Southwest Lancashire E. Marshall
Hall.' Conservative, wrested the seat from
Sir George Augustus Pilklngton, who se
cured It In the bye-election last year.
LONDON. Oct. 12.— In the pollings In the
Parliamentary general election yesterday
the Ministerialists gained two seats, mak
ing their total gains thirty, against twen
ty-nine for the opposition. '
List of Ke-elecied Includes
the Nephew of the
Laie Earl of B?a
consfield.
TWO ADDITIONAL
SEATS ARE GAINED
BY MINISTERIALISTS
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, [OCTOBER: JL2, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVHI-NO. 134.
war.*
The appended table gives the contract and trial data of the seven battleships of
the American navy, built and accepted. In addition to the latest achievement of the
Union Iron Works: ¦
I 2J? T ' ial -
* XAME. | I ¦
% : •* ; —
\ * Horse- Atn'rc
• . Date. power. Speed.
D
Oct.
Horse-
)ate. power.
18, 1SOS I ©,738
Aver'pre
Speed.
1 • I • . I
Indiana . . I O.OOO I 15 I Oct. 18, 1SO5 I ©,738 I 15.547
15.547
SlaifiachuRetts . . 0,000 15 Apl. .25, 1800 10,403 10.21
Apl. ,
,25,1800 10,403
10.21
' ------ v — • '
. I
Oregon 0,OOO 15 Mar 14, 1806 11,111 10.70
Iowa 11,000 US Apl. 7, 1897 12,105 17.O87
Kearxarire 10,000 10 Sept. 25, 1809 11,074 16.810
Kentucky 10,000 1O Nov. 24, 1809 *ll,5OO 10.878
Alabama. 10.000 16 A tiff. 2S, 1OOO *ll,5OO 17.O13
WISCOXSIX 10,000 10 Oct. 11, 1000 *ll,800 17.25
Mar
Apl.
Sept.
Oct.
14, 1806 11,111
7, 1SO7 12,105
25, 1809 11,074
24, 1809 •11.5OO
as, 1000 *ii,5oo
11, 1000 »ll,800
10.70
17.O87
16.810
10.878
17.O13
17.25
DIMENSIONS
AND DATA.
3
O.
£"
3
5 1 «
f I
: *5
length, feet
Breadth, feet
Mean draught, feet..
Tons displacement...
Coal, normal, tons...
Coal capacity, tons..
Armor belt. Inches...
Ma'n battery
Main battery
Main battery
Torpedo tubes
343 !
63.23
24
10.2SS
400
1.C0O
IS
4 13
8 g
4 <
2
i . i :
j 36O~l XS~
72.20| 72.29
24 23.5
11.340 11.523
625 SOU
1.800 1,200
14 13H
4 12 4 13
8 8 14 C r. f .
6 4 r. f. •
4. 4
The appended table gives the contract and trial data of the seven battleships of
the American navy, built and accepted. In addition to the latest achievement of the
Union Iron Works: ¦
I 2J? T ' ial -
* XAME. | I ¦
% : •* ; —
\ * Horse- Atn'rc
• . Date. power. Speed.
D
Oct.
Horse-
)ate. power.
18, 1SOS I ©,738
Aver'pre
Speed.
1 • I • . I
Indiana . . I O.OOO I 15 I Oct. 18, 1SO5 I ©,738 I 15.547
15.547
SlaifiachuRetts . . 0,000 15 Apl. .25, 1800 10,403 10.21
Apl. ,
,25,1800 10,403
10.21
' ------ v — • '
. I
Oregon 0,OOO 15 Mar 14, 1806 11,111 10.70
Iowa 11,000 US Apl. 7, 1897 12,105 17.O87
Kearxarire 10,000 10 Sept. 25, 1809 11,074 16.810
Kentucky 10,000 1O Nov. 24, 1809 *ll,5OO 10.878
Alabama. 10.000 16 A tiff. 2S, 1OOO *ll,5OO 17.O13
WISCOXSIX 10,000 10 Oct. 11, 1000 *ll,800 17.25
Mar
Apl.
Sept.
Oct.
14, 1806 11,111
7, 1SO7 12,105
25, 1809 11,074
24, 1809 •11.5OO
as, 1000 *ii,5oo
11, 1000 »ll,800
10.70
17.O87
16.810
10.878
17.O13
17.25
DIMENSIONS
AND DATA.
3
O.
£"
3
5 1 «
f I
: *5
length, feet
Breadth, feet
Mean draught, feet..
Tons displacement...
Coal, normal, tons...
Coal capacity, tons..
Armor belt. Inches...
Ma'n battery
Main battery
Main battery
Torpedo tubes
343 !
63.23
24
10.2SS
400
1.C0O
IS
4 13
8 g
4 <
2
i . i :
j 36O~l XS~
72.20| 72.29
24 23.5
11.340 11.523
625 SOU
1.800 1,200
14 13H
4 12 4 13
8 8 14 C r. f .
6 4 r. f. •
4. 4Continued From First Page.
Continued From Pirst Page.
ROOSEVELT GETS
GREAT RECEPTION
Stops the Cough
And i works off . the cold. Y: Wxai;v«\ Bromo-Qul
nlne'Tablets cure a cold in one day. No cure,
co ray. Price 25 cents. • --\ •
WASHINGTON. Oct. 11.— The population of
Connecticut, as officially announced by the
census bureau to-day Is 908,355. In - 1S90 the
population ¦•¦, was 746,258. The increase during
the past decade is' 162,097, or 21.7 per cent.
Tho»e who are fond of travellni; (and who Is
not) will bail . with delight the newm of a direct
(teamehlp route to Tahiti. This charming land
has until now been eccesstble , only by glow
tailing vesseli, . trot on November 1st the popu
lar steamship Australia will sail direct, mtk
ins th« trip In 10V4 .day». A reduced round
trip rate Karbeeh m«<?e for the first' trip. Call
at M3 Market fStre«t L ror'sallia* lift."- • ' •
Papeete the Beautiful.
To Sail for Europe" Shortly After
Which He Will Begin His
„-';'.;.! Westward Tour.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— Actor Henry Mil
ler, who is stopping at the Murray Hill
Hotel, said to a Call correspondent 'to
day that the report that he Intended to
play fourteen weeks In California,-begin
ning thin month, was not correct. . - -
"On Tuesday I sail for Europe to re
main five or six weeks," he said, "and on
my return will take a company touring
through the West and far West, but do
not expect to reach California until after
January. My voice is now fully
recorered, and all I need is rest I
cannot say whether I will remain Jn Call
fornia'a* >ong as fourteen weeks, but'shall
certainly do so if -the' business is as Rood
as I expect it^wlllrbe.-r" •;•.{'. a >¦¦> ¦. *¦
HENRY MILLER NOT COMING
• • HEEE BEFORE JANUARY
HAS NO INTENTION OF
RAISING PRICE OF PORK
LONDON, Oct. 11.— Sir Thomas Lipton
was questioned to-day ln'regard to the
pork corner, and said:
"It is a fact that I control to-day prac
tically pll the pork In the'lTnited States
I have "o Intention of raising the price
to an p\irblwnt degree. I am perfectly,
satisfied to make a fair profit out of the
deal and I shall do all possible to avoid
causing serious trouble to those who sold
short. In fact. I let some go the other
day in order to save a few threatened fail
ure*."
"To leave those islands would mean to
leave them to be trampled into bloody
mud beneath the feet of the warring
tribes, who would scramble for power and
work their wicked' will on one another.
We have got to stay there for the sake
of the 1 people' themselves. We ; have got
to etay there for; the < sake of : our own
honor and national , greatness. I am 'glad
I. know you, the men who; wore. the blue
uniform in the Civil War, and know that
you are glad to "see that in a crisis like
that such men: who. wore -the gray as
General Buckner : and -.'Fighting Joe'
Wheeler Btand. with U8 this year. And I
feel that all mcn'should Join us now as
It was their duty to Join with you in 1861.
Tou remember when you were called 'Lin
coln's; hirelings,' and ' it was said -you
meant r to'6trlkethe shackles off the slaves
only to rivet them on the limbs of the free
paueni.
"Our oppomnts became ashamed of the
issues they had raised four years ago.
They champion thorn still, but they don't
dare argue about them," and they sought
to make a new Issue and that Issue is the
dishonor of the American Hag. And al
ready they loallze that, their choice of a
paramount issue was unfortunate: that
the people stand loynl now, as they stood
when in 1884 Republicans and Democrats
stood Hhouldcr to shoulder and upheld
Abraham Lincoln. And already they are
shifting their issues,, already they recog
rtlzo what a hollow sham if Is to talk
about imperialism, and now they, are do
ing that worst 6f evil deeds- in. a repub
lic—preaching the doctrine of envy, of
class hatred, striving to stir up brother
against brother, section i against section,
class against class. Woe to the man who
preaches such a doctrine to our people!
Woe to the man who appeals to and ex
cites the base and foul passions that lurk
in mankind as wild beauts lurk in a jun
gle. Sometimes it is possible io bring out
the passions; -once aroused it is another
matter to quell them. Danger of Imperial
ism? Aye, but the danger will never come
until our people, are foolish enough to al
low anarchy, mob violence to take the
place of that orderly liberty under the law
which wevhavo inherited as , the most
precious, heritage from our -fathers who
went before us. There comes the only
danger to the permanence and stability of
our institutions^ We can make this Gov
ernment what we will. Oh, my fellow
countrymen, if only we will do it hard
enough tj And I appeal to you for fearless
justice, giving it to and exacting it from
all men. Mr. Bryan 1 said the- other day
that we were concerned only about money
and not about human liberty. Has Mr.
Bryan not yet had time to turn his eyes
to North and South Carolina? He was
greatly concerned , over the imaginary
wrongs of a Tagalo'banditshooting at our
men in the Philippines. Let him be con
cerned over tho real wrongs of our
brethren of duskier people, some of whom
fought beside you Inthe great war; some
of whom. I saw, charge at Santiago and
win their right to full citizenship by tho
trail of dead, and ¦wounded they left be
hind them. I^ethlm remove the beam
from his own eye, the beam that blinds
him to the wrong done the black man of
the South, and then turn with clearer
vision and he will see that we are bring
ing liberty and peace to the brown man
in the Philippines. J&e&s
"Xot one little thing toward uprooting
these Things we know as trusts will ever
be done by mere indiscriminate denuncia
tion. The only way to get at thorn — the
only way to accomplish anything with
them— Is to start to work resolutely and
cool-headedly with the determination to
cut out the cancer, but not to kill the
patient. *
Now, gentlemen, think of having to meet
an argument advanced by a candidate for
the Presidency of that type. Gentlemen
you have met it yourselves and you have
been laughing about it and I shall leave
it at that. Now, gentlemen, I think that
if you will look at all of the prophecies
of Mr. Bryan you cannot h«lp voting
right. I ask for nothing but a study of
what he said and a comparison of what
has actually happened. He said that un
less we had free silver the wageworker
would stand idle and he has had mure
work than ever before. He said failures
in the business world would Increase and
they have been but one-tenth as numer
ous. He sai<1 that the farmer would lose
the market for his crops and he has had
a greater market than ever befofln. He
said that the savings deposits would go
down and they have gone up 25 per cent.
He said that mortgages would go up, but
they went down 40 per. cent.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— The Inter "¦> Ocean
will publish to-morrow a. story given out
to-night by the Republican managers to
the. effect, that the -Democrats have had
agents .representing, themselves prac
tically as recruiting agents at - work
among German and other foreign farmers
getting the names of all men eligible for
military duty in the Philippines and China
next spring. These men were followed by
others, who said the only, way to -prevent
the ¦ sons of the : farmers being -.taken in
the spring was to vote for Bryan and end
the war. ", ¦ •
Hoped to Terrify Farmers.
Scheme Adopted Whereby it Was
DEMOCRATS AS RECRUITERS.
At the time of the arrest of some of the
students Mr. Bryan's attention was not
called to the fact, and he did not know
of It until after the close of the meeting.
When informed of what had been, done he
immediately sent the following telegram:
"'If it is true, as I am informed, that
some of the college boys were arrested
for disturbing the meeting, please* ask for
their discharge. I am sure it was the re
sult of boyish thoughtlessness, and not
of malice."
Mr. Bryan took up the trust question at
the beginning of his speech and asked:
"Are you willing to defend ,a system by
which a few men control a great branch
of industry and sell to the people at trust
prices, buy of the people at trust prices
and then employ labor on such terms and
conditions as the trust may fix? You
young men do not want that kind of gov
ernment. You don't want a government
that can punish ahorsethlef but cannot
punish a trust magnate, do you? That Is
the kind of government you have now." '-
Mr. Bryan was asked about the Ice trust
and the cotton/ bale trust" and made his
usual reply. A.volce asked what he would
do about trusts, and Mr. Bryan replied:
.".We have a remedy, and our remedy Is.
first, to put every trust-made article on
the free list; .second, we propose that
Congress shall provide that before any
corporation does business outside of the
Stntc of Its origin it shall takeout a li
cense from the Federal 'Government, and
this shall Only be. given when the corpora
tion shows that it has.no water in Its
stock . and that It Is not attempting to
monopolize "any branch of business. I be
lieve that that would be a remedy for tho
trusts. I believe that no private monop
oly could exist."
By the time Mr. Bryan concluded the
confusion had ceased almost entirely, and
he closed amid cheers.
"The Democratic party is for the free
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1.
without waiting for the consent of any
other nation."
"If I were an imperialist," Mr. Bryan
twent 'on, "I would call out an army to
suppress you, but I am not."
-This sally seemed to please the, young
men, and most of them laughed and
Jeered. Some of them jeered to such an
extent, f however, that a policeman was
1 compelled to enter tbo crowd and arrest
several of the noisiest. After this, how
ever, while the Interruptions were fre
quent they generally took the shape of
questions. One brought out this specific
declaration from Mr. Bryan: '
\D3mocrats Are for to r."/.' ; *
ANN ARBOR. Mich., Oct. 11.— Much dis
order characterized "\V. J. Bryan's visit to
Ann Arbor this afternoon. The students
of the State University, which Is located
here, were at the meeting in large num
bers, and each one made his presence felt.
A platform had been erected beside the
courthouse, and the whole side of the
•square and street was packed with hu
manity, a majority, of ; those nearest the
stand being students. .'
Mr. Bryan had no sooner shown his face
than the boys began a clamor, which did
not cease t'or ten or fifteen minutes. Even
after Mr. Bryan advanced to the front of
the stage the din continued, but It ulti
mately subsided sufficiently to allow him
to begin. • .
"I am glad to talk to you," he began,
"if you are willing to listen.
A few voices responded: "We are will
ing."
In Reply to One He I>ecla'res ., the
BRYAN ; ASKED. QTJESTIONS.
Charges have been filed and evidence Is
In the hands of the authorities which, it
is claimed, will show that the magis
trates have been guilty of the grossest
corruption and malfeasance In office. One
magistrate was recently suspended on
suspicion of criminal abuse of power and
attempt to defraud.
The monthly collection of fines of the
four native Justices is estimated at $6000.
The amount- collected by the primary
courts for the same period Is much great
er. The eight magistrates persistently ig
nore the regulations established by the
authorities for the supervision of commit
ments and the accountability of money*
They deposit less than $100 monthly, and
all are anxious to appropriate the balance
of their collections. •
It is further claimed that the magis
trates are in collusion with the native po
lice In compromising offenses on the basis
of "cash for freedom." and that- In many
instances magistrates who committed men
to Jail over a year .ago are now liberating
them without trial, the explanation being
the effectiveness of a Hfebeas corpus and
the designation of a special officer to In
vestigate the cases, resulting in the free
dom of many persons illegally committed
as prisoners. It is said there are over
fifty established Instances where prison
ers have bought their freedom from the
guards conveying them between the court
room and the Jail; : '
Serious charges, of favoritism- have late
ly been made against the civil branch of
Manila's Supreme Court
The members of the- Taft commission
arecdiFgusted with the conditions of the
courts, and intend to substitute honest
Americans from the United States for the
native magistrates. Americans having
knowledge of Spanish are preferred but
they are the hardest to" secure. The 'com
mission will then institute the drastic re
forms needed In the cause of the entire
Judiciary.
MANILA, Oct. 6. via Hongkong, Oct. 11.
The administration of Mania's civil
courts by Filipino magistrates. Which has
long been scandalous, is now attracting
public attention more than ever7*and haa
been brought to the Taft commission's
attention with requests for rectification.
The courts are composed of four Justices
of the Peace "and four primary courts.
The magistrates are all Filipinos, and de
velopments have proved that the Incum
bents are utter failures as administrators
of justice. The dissatisfaction with and
complaints against the existing courts are
unending. Natives and foreigners dread
litigation, knowing, the facts in the case.
Native Jurists May Be Re
moved by the Taft Civil
Commission.
FILIPINO JUDGES
GUILTY OF FRAUD
COAST OF LEYTE
IN A TURMOIL
General Mojica's officers are surrendering
and hi3 soldiers attempting to escape to
Sotrbt by boats are being captured and
his organization broken up. The captured
guerrillas and ladrones when questioned
Mate that on the 5th lnst. thirty Amerl*
can? attacked forty-live rebels, rifled their
Btronghold in the Camarine province and
routed them, killing ten. Two Americans
were killed and three wounded.
.Twenty men of the Thirty-second Infan
try in an engagement on the 21st lnst. in
Batan province had one man killed and
four wounded.
The Philippine Commission, of which
Judfce Taft is president, to-day passed
eight bills of minor importance, one pro
viding lor the Increase of the salaries of
fceveral municipal officers, including
tichool teacners; appropriating $75Ou in gold
for the construction of a garbage crema
tory at Manila, and for the reorganization
of the Auditor's office.
The Wright bill, asking for a million
dollars in gold for the completion of
Spain's plans for Manila harbor Improve
ments, elicited comment lrom^the. repre
sentative of Manila's International Cham
ber of Commerce to the effect that as the
merchants had long been paying a special
impon fund to this end the merchants
should belong to the board controlling the
construction, and that . as i the JJnited
States had collected $J/>00,<KX> pince the oc
cupation by imposts for harTior impYove
xnents he failed to see the necessity for
the appropriation .of insular funds, and
•suggested the use of a special fund. The
discussion was deferred until' Friday
WASMNGTQN. Oct.ULr-Oneral Mac-
Arthur at .Manila notified the War De
partment to-day that First Lieutenant
Kobert JJlakeman, Forty-ninth Volunteer
Infantry. <3led of hepatitis on the 3d tnst.
Lieutenant Blakeman.was horn at Has
kinsvllle December 10 "1KB, '-and served as
first sergeant of Company K of the
Kighth Illinois Volunteer Jnfantry during
the Spanish war. ¦ During September, 1899
he was appointed first (lieutenant of the
Forty-ninth Infantry and- accompanied
his regiment to the Philippines Jn Novem
ber last.
MANILA. Oct. 11.— The west coast of
the island of Leyte is !n a state of tur
moil. The rebel ladrones are actively
plundering, the disturbers following tac
tics of raiding and attacking and then re
turning to the garrisoned towns while the
Americans pursue In the mountains.
Rebel Ladrones Are Active
in Plundering the
Towns.
men. It was said that Abraham Lincoln,
who worked and suffered for the people
it, was said by the people for whom he
was to die — that he was striving to make
himself an Emperor." • *
STRIKERS AN& TH£II?. FAMUJErUJTINING TO. PRESiOCNT MITCH CLi-'S AP DRESS
'¦:¦¦, ... ¦ ¦ • ¦ ; • '¦' - " ¦ AT Jfiooa^
BATTtRy C.GOIMG iMTO POSITION ON POINT •0YEALOOKIN6 /ND1AN RID6C '-
SHAMOlvIN. Pa.. Oct. 11.— Forty dele
pates from Springneld. I»cust Gap and
Mount Carrrel left h«re for Scranton
to-day, accompanied by a few from
\V. IX Kyan. tilt tary-trf surer of the
Vr.ited BUoc Woikers t ,f Illinois* arrived
here to-«iay. He said the miners of his
State have at least ttQUjtW in their treas
xiry. and xdded that if the anthracite
miners n«^ded he!p fully BSOJ00Q would be
yent in a few bocrs? Mr. Ryan said he
wa? not here on official business.
The belief is peneral that in the absence
of any uniform instructions arno::j; the
delegates the chances of a settlement by
this convention are rather flight. It is
the impression of several labor leaders
that at least a second convention will
have to be held b^fftre any definite action
will b*- takpn looking; toward an early ond
irg of the conust.
i'residpnt Mitchell's remarks at yester
cay's puUM-meefftig. in which he told the
miners that the 10 p< r cent increase was
not satisfactory and that they ought to
pet concisions in the other prievancf p.
is taken by jrany persons as a hint to the
miners to reject the mine owners' offer.
Mr. Mitchell, however, denies this, and
paid he had no Intention of influencing the
men one way or another. He said he was
merely vojo:np the sentimetits of himself
hip eoUeages ard th^ many ptrikerB with
whom he has come In contact during the
] ast week.
The cor.vt rti^n. as= near as the United
Min^ Workcis' officials can figure, will
consist of about 70") delegates. About half
of this m.^mhrr are now here, rmst of
them coming from the Schuy Skill Valley
and rhr HftzWon rtglnn. The district
headquarters wort crowded all day by the
visiting del^patep.
President Mitchf-w si-ent a busy day at
l':^s headquarters in catching up with his
r.ia:! and in preparing ior the convention.
This afternoon he prepared the address
which he wil! deliver at the opening of
the firFt session. In ai! lik?hhxxi tho cor
\cr.tion will be a secret one. but a pro.*?
committee vi!l be apjK'ir.Tf-d to give out
information to the public. President
Mitchell will probably preside and the
tecr»-ta!ies viV. Ye elected by the dele
patfs. The organizing of the convention
will be tttt o.riy thing done at to-morrow
rooming'*- session.
SCRAXTON, Pa., Oct. 11.— The conven
tion of the anthracite mint-rs now on
strike throughout the entire hard coal
fields in Peccsylrania will bepin In this
city to-morrow morning for the- purpose
of considering the J*> por Oont net Incrcatie
In wagrs proffered them by nearly all the
mino owners In tho region. What the
outcome of the convention will be' Is all a
matter of speculation, and the opinion*
cxprepfnt-d to-night by labor leaders are
widely divergpnt. The delegates to the
convention, who bopar. arriving to-<l.'iy.
have all sorts of Instructions on th^ prop
osition of the opt-rat'-rp. Most of ihfm
now on the gTound -will vote to reject the
10 per rent increase unless the 'operator*
make further concession*. Many of tho
miners will x:ot favor tne advance unless
The operator? give a puarantoo that the
Increase will be kejt In force for a fixed
length of tha*. Others want the union
recognized before they will accept the
proposition, whiio not a few insist upon
roncffs:on? in the othor grievances.
TEAR UP A RAILWAY
AND BOLDLY CAPTURE
A BRITISH OUTPOST
Boers Continue Battling and Inflict Heavy
Casualties Among Roberts' Troops.
America Makes Demand for Expul
1 sion 'of Citizens.
KINGWILLIA3IST0WN, Oct. ll.-Th»
Boers .have torn up the railway north of
Bethulie and captured a British outpost.
LONDON, Oct. 11.— The following dis
patch has been received from Lord Rob
erts:
"PRETORIA. Oct. 1L— An engine with a
truck conveylnga party of engineers be
longing to Paget's Rifle Brigade, while
proceeding yesterday to Kaapmuidln, was
ambushed by Boers. Captain Stewart,
with forty men of the Rifle Brigade, went
to their support. The casualties, unfor
tunately, were heavy. Stewart and one
private were killed. Captain Paget, Lieu
tenant Steubbs and live engineers were
wounded and Lieutenant Sewell and ten
of the Rifle Brigade were made prisoners.
De Llsle's mounted men and colonials,
after three days' fighting, have driven'De
wct north of the Vaal. near Venters
kroon. Dewet has been assuring the
burghers that Europe would stop the war
October 10. The Boers were thus buoyed
with the hope that something would in
tervene to end the war in their favor. I
trust they now realize how futile are their
expectations."
PARIS, Oct. 11.— It Is seml-offlclally de
nied here that the French Government
has been approached on the subject of
the suggested disembarkation of former
President Kruger at Marseilles, whence
he could cross France to The Hague. On
the contrary.-.lt is added, Mr. Kruger is
expected to land directly In Holland.
Expulsion of Americans.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL., WASHINGTON, Oct. 1L— Prompt
action has been taken, by Secretary Hay
lo call Great Britain to account for the
expulsion of American citizens from the
Transvaal. Inquiry at the State Depart
ment developed the* fact that immediate
ly upon learning of the action of the Brit
ish Government, Secretary Hay sent cablo
Instructions to Embassador Choate, di
recting him to make an immediate repre
sentation on the subject to Lord Salis
bury. In compliance with this instruc
tion. Mr. Choate saw Mr. Salisbury, and
an Inquiry will be made by the British
Government to ascertain the facts.
The authorities are satisfied from the
attitude of Great Britain throughout the
entire South African war that she u dis
posed to be just, and If Americans were
hurried from the Transvaal In the way
they described, no doubt is expressed that
she will make adequate reparation with
out any extended discussion. It is nat
ural, according to officials, that she should
desire to Institute a full Investigation, and
the Government has no disposition to urge
action until she has concluded her In
vestigation. This was the course in the
matter of the flour seUures, and would
be the course this Government would
pursue In case Great Britain had made
similar representations to It.
It is considered likely that th« British
officers responsible for the expulsion ot
the eight Americans will claim that they
were belligerents, as they were compelled
to sign an agreement that they would not
take up any arms against the British or
enter into conversation regarding the
war. -;•
In a I§tter written by Secretary of State
Seward to the American Minister to
France, he declared that "a belligerent la
responsible to neutrals for capricious and
wanton Injury inflicted on their persona
and property/' And It Is likely, therefore
that the British Government will be called
upon to pay satisfactory Indemnity unless
it can prove that the Injured Americans
were really In arms against Its forces.
Bragg Talks for McKInley.
MILWAUKEE. Oct. 1L—General Ed
¦ward S. Bragff. a lifelong Democrat, who
served several terms in Congress and was
Minister to Mexico tinder President Cleve
land, to-night addressed an audience that
tilled Pabst Theater. He spoke In response
to a call of a number of gold Democrats.
The general advocated the election of Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt. He was given a
gr%at ovation. His remarks were confined
to the subjects of money, trusts, militar
ism and Imperialism. He dwelt at length
on the money question and criticized Mr.
Bryan throughout.
reported removal of the imperial court to
Sinanfu. This admission Is accompanied
by a declaration that Emperor Kwang
Su's return to Peking Is now highly Im
probable, although his presence there Is
absolutely necessary ¦ to effect lasting
peace.
The Freisslnnlge Zeltung has placed It
self on record as believing that "all that
is requisite for enforcing public security
in -'Chill could be done by the Chief of
Police of Berlin Instead of Count von
Waldersee." :-y-< :
A number of Jlngro papers viciously at
tack t'als statement.
opinion as to this measure pending the receipt
of further information in regard to the situ
ation in China.
6. The military occupation of two or three
points on the road from Tientsin to Peking.
The same observation which has been made
in reference to No. 4 applies also to this propo
sition. The . President is unable to commit the
United States to a permanent participation in
such occupation,' but he thinks it desirable
that the powers shall obtain from the Chinese
Government the assurance of their right to
puard their legations In Peking and to have
the means of unrestrained access to them
whenever required.
Berlin 'Paper Says Police Could Do
The President believes that the Governments
of Krance. and the other powers will see, in
the reserve we have here made no obstacle to
the initiation of negotiations on the lines sug
gested and he hopes' it will be found practica
ble to besrln such negotiations at an early
date.
Department of State, Washington, October 10,
1900.
MAKES LITTLE OF THE COUNT.
the Work of Von Waldersee.
BERLIN. Oct. 11.— Count von Walder
see, an official telegram announces, will
start for Peking from Tientsin next Sat
urday. The Germans are awaiting rein
forcements at Tientsin before undertak
ing further measures. They have effected
telegraphic communication between Tien
tsin and Peking. P ' ¦
The semi-official press to-day sfdmlts
there is no further doubt regarding the
BETTJRNING FROM CHINA.
Announcement Made of the First Da-
parture of American Troops.
WASHINGTON", Oct. 11.— Colonel Hum
phrey, quartermaster In China, has sent
a cablegram under to-day's date to the
quartermaster general announcing the
first departure of the United States
troops from China. The dispatch 13 as
follows: |: . ; \
. "Klntunck sailed yesterday for Manila
with forage, quartermaster animals, Com
pany D, Sixth Regiment United States
Cavalry; pack mules belonging to the
Sixth. United States Cavalry. Transport
Indiana will leave this port on ltth with
900 marines. Entire command thoroughly
provided for; health good."
SITUATION VEEY CBITICAK
It Is Asserted That Many Chinese
Chinkiang.
Have Been Decapitated at
BERLIN, Oct. 11.— According to a dis
patch received by the German Navy
League the situation In South China Is
exceedingly critical. The dispatch says
that Chang Weih Hong, who advised the
Dowager Empress to enroll the Boxers In
the army, has been appointed Governor
of the new Chinese capital. Slanfu.
It is further asserted that many Chinese
have been decapitated at Chlnkiang, prov
ince of Kiangsu.
Finally, it is asserted that General
Tuan Shi Kal has Increased his army to
40,000 men.
ANOTHEB OUTBREAK.
Serious Disorder Reported in South-
western Kwangsi Province.
SHANGHAI. Oct. 11.— Cheng, the Taotal.
has a report from General Lu, stating
that a serious rebellion has broken out
in the southwestern part of Kwangsl
province, that his 30,000 troops are in
adequate, and that he needs at least 100,
000 to cope with the danger which Is
directed at the Manchus and threatens
to be worse than the Talping rebellion.
It is understood that the Yangtse Vice
roys have sent 20,000 troops to suppress
the rebellion.
Claims on Behalf of Converts.
LONDON, Oct. 12.— The Peking corre
spondent of the Morning Post, wiring
Sunday, says: "Mr. Tewksbury, an Amer
ican missionary residing at Tungchow.
has presented claims on behalf of con
verts in twenty villages for compensation
for property losses."
The Hongkong correspondent of the
Dally Mail says that the rebellion in the
province of Kwangtung is becoming anti
foreign and that five missions have been
destroyed at Hangklngchau.
SHENANDOAH. Pa.. Oct. 11.— General
Gohin and Sheriff Toole to-day visited
Oneida. the sctne of yesterday's fatal
strike riot. They returned here this eveh
inc and reported everything quiet around
Oneida. General Gobin. however. Issued j
orders for the Governor's troop of cav- ,
airy to leave ' to-night for Oneida. ' They
v,-!l! arrive at ¦ Oneida before davbreak.
The general says' he does not anticipate
any further outbreak at Oneida, but that
the people • there have been nervous and
excited since the rioting occurred, and he
thinks the presence of the troops will
have a pacifying effect.
The individual operators say any fur
ther concessions t. h .an those offered are
out of the question. They claim that
with a 10 per cent increase and no reduc
tion in carrying tolls they will have a
hard time making ends meet. One indi
vidual operator said President Mitchell
would make the mistake of his life if he
did nof use his influence v.ith the 'dele
pates and have them accept the offer
made by the operators.
, this place. By morning' it is expected by
! President Kaliey of the ninth district
! thai the full delegation from Northumber
! land. Schuylkill, Columbia and Dauphin
j counties will be in the convention' hall.
The Ljkehs Valley men will demand the
i 10 per cent Increase, semi-monthly pay
land the price. of powder reduced, the lat
ter not to come out of the advance in
j wages. The Shamokin Valley men also
; want the same, together with the abolish
] merit of the Reading's sliding scale and
' 1 of the union. The Centralla
: and Schuylkill delegates will make .their.
1 grfMtcst tight for tne abolishment of the
'. Kilfitr.p rcale. -" ' -*-'' '••-*- ¦- •'
Kvery thing remains quiet between Tre
•.^rton. Shamokin and Mount .Carmel. v It
; is generally believed by miners here that
, the cunver.iio'.i v.-ill not enduhe strike, the
i miners fennnfr that the operators, will not 1
1 cvm cuarnntee the 10 -p^r .cent' increase
for one year. If they do nojt the Shnmokin
men ray they will remalrt Jawlay from the*
mines all vnnter. ¦-¦•;• .*.-
IVILKE&BAKRE, Pa.. Oct. 11.— The
T»"iike«barre assemblies' 'ist 'the 1 United
Mine Workers held nue^infrs and Instruct
ed the del< sates to .the' Scranton conven
tion to insist on the fojlqwing^demahds: ,
f 1. Recognition of vhe> Union. " " : ?•
2. Powder reduced to' $1 50. .'. • ? ¦ > ¦ - ¦
3. Ten per cent general advance.
4. Two weekn' pay. •". ¦ '
"5. Check docking boss: :_vXv""~
t>. Contract signed by ¦ the companies
agreeing to the above to hold good for a
year. • } - • ¦ - .'
The instruction of the delegates comes
in the nature of a surprise. as» it was ex
pected they would be allowed to use their
own judgment after taking. their seata.in
the ecnventicn and learning the senti
ments of the other delegates.
President Mitchell's speech 'at Scranton
yesterday, in which he FUted thaj the
10 p«-r cent increase In Wages offered by
the* companies was not enough, no doubt
influenced the strikers in : the- Wyoming
\ alley to a more or less extent, -\-
The repr-Ff-ntatives of the big cc.il com
panies hor«\ when shev/n the list of priev
smces which the miners of the \Vyoming |
'Vallry insi.n upon the convention enforc- |
Ing, said there would be no settlement of i
the st:ike on such a basis. They say tho
f":<-rn rinds are- tco sweeping and that the
(omparies could not think of granting
thf-m.
Fresh Demands Are Formulated arid h is
Believed a Second Convention Will
Be Required to End the
Strike.
COAL MINERS WILL
NOT ACCEPT TERMS
OF THE EMPLOYERS
IN THE TROUBLED ANTHRACITE REGION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CAIiL, FRIDAY, OCTOBEn 12, 1900.-
MAY CAUSE VERY
GRAVE CONFLICTS
2
ADVEKTISE2T2UTS.
As to prices and kinds of goods is
what pays in advertising, not glow-
ing description intended to mislead,
but the truth briefly told— Ws have
on sale to-day and until sold
FIRST FLOOR.
Lawn Mowers. 10-ln. cut. very best S2.2S
Lamp Shades, white- or decorated 14-ln... .23
Best Lttchtntrifr Hammers, regular size.. .SO
Good Family Coffe«. ground .12',
Fancy Grades Coffee, roast or irrouad.... .£,»
Ice Cream Freezer*, white mountain 1.75
Horse Brushes, leather backs, not 73c SO
SEC0ND~FLO0R.
Boys' Tennis Oxfords, best Quality JJO
Ladles' Lace Shoes. Sunday wear l.OO
Infants' Ldttle Shoes. 60c kind .&>
Ribbons. 1 to 2 Inches wide, closing...... .03
All $1 Games, this month .,%<»
5-cent Ink. Mucila?e. Library Pasts 03
Tennis Flannel, dark, rood quality........ .O7
thircTflor.
Hammocks, fun size, strong l.io
Carpets, Ingrain, pretty patters J&O
Carpet«. good to wear, not pretty........ .20
Men's $1 50 Casslmere Vests, small .."«
Men's Fine Casslmere Vesta, lanre 1..1O
Boys' Blue Overalls'. S to 7 years .20
Fur Coats, or I'arkays. closing 3.OO
Goods delivered free across the bay.
No goods exchanged during this sale.
Our foreign and faraway business will to on
as usual. >,..
CASH STORE
Our friends will be glad to know that this
old reliable house is now running full bids:
under the management of the SMITHS'.
Our lone list of articles mailed free of post-
age will Interest you and save you money. Tha
"Home Circle," sent free as heretofore. Ad-
dre?s as above at
25-27 Market St., San Franeiseo.
P. C.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The best evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found In the continued
patronage of these who on some previous
occasion have made them their bead-
quarters when Tlsltlng San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under on* management oa tfl«
American and European plan.
k* raw b^TSS M bbbT HL
a B B c3 Rg»3 K3 Ho A I CLJ3
jlF favorite
SRESCRIPTION
\K FOR WEAK WOMEN.
DDTTCWCQ *"° R BARBERS. BAK-
BRUbiiJib a.t-agjs-. jggj
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cumer*.
dyers, nourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCnA.-NAM BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 60S) Sacramento St.
~~*Iil/.~T~H BSSi
KOTABT ?U4M3 iJQ ATT02NIY-AT.LAV.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Clans Spreckala Bid*
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cur* of GONORRHOEA, GLEETS
STRICTURES and analagous complaints of tha
Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For ¦&!• by druggist*.
»f Here are vest values that you cannot afford to overlook tsS
Kj| • if you are at all fond of fancy vests. We have one large £3
counter piled high with a collection of some of the -most de- ra
Si sirable patterns that ever, crossed the State line of California. §i
*M The vests come in black, brown, gray ancfVan. in checks and O
|9 . stripes: . made of heavy all-wool material, nicely tailored, double m
<U breasted, fashionable — in fact, just what is beinj? worn in New ||
w York and Chicago richt now; they are worth $3.00— you can §9
9 satisfy. yourself on this. score when you see the vests; our price, KJ
1 ' —1.45 each I
•H^ * : ".Cut^of-town orders filled — write us. g|
', Do you know the story of
• the dreaded Macabebe scouts ?
There is but one man in
San Francisco who can tell
you about them, and. as you
• are not apt to meet rHm you
would better read what he has
to say in the Sunday Call of
October 14.
You will find his experi-
ences among the most inter-
esting and thrilling that you
have ever ready . _ *Park Panhandle Meeting.
Harry Walters, a bunko steerer who Is
known 'about town as "Major Gall," is
locked up In the City Prison, and the
chances are that he will do a term in jail
for his latest deed. Walters met Lorenzo
Snow, a vrecent ¦ arrival from Salt LaJce
who claims, to be related to Bishop > Snow
of Mormon' fame, and. steered him to a
room where a card game was in progress.
Snow was induced to ¦• take, a hand and
soon - : parted with $25." ; He protested and
was handed -back $10 on -his promise to
leave * the ' city. Instead, Jiowever, he re
ported the matter to Detectives Ryan and
Crockett, who '¦ soon ; located Walters '. and'
arrested him.. -A Tho officers declare thaf
Walters Is deserving of a severe Sentence
as he'is an old offender. • "
Bunko Steerer in the Toils.
the Coeur d'Alene district from San Quen
tin went into effect yesterday and the men
wore given their liberty. They were con
victed of obstructing the United Statea
mails by Judge Beatty of the United
States Circuit Court of the Northern Dis
trict of Idaho. Attorney Patrick Reddy
brought the case before the United States
Court of Appeals and In a decision declar
ing their imprisonment illegal, signed by
Judges Gilbert. Ross and Morrow, they
were released. The men will return to
Idaho.
Dennis O'Rourke. one of the liberated
men. Is the son of Phil O'Rourke. the dis
coverer and original owner of the Bunker
Hill mine. Frank Butler, another of them,
said\ la?* night:
"We are going back to Idaho, though
thV State Is no place for any member o*
a labor organization, particularly* those
who -were concerned in ¦ the Bunker Hill
trouble. We are,.deeply grieved that our
lawyer, Mr. Reddy. did not live", long
enough to witness his triumph. He dic
tated the argument which seared our re
lease three days before his death."
The order releasing the ten miners from
MINERS FROM COEUB,
D'ALENE DISTBICT FREE
TJNHAPPY COUPI/ES SEEK
AND ABE GIVEN "RELIEF
The suit by which Sarah Hartman seeks
a divorce from Adolph E. Hartman on the
ground of cruelty was partly heard bv
Judge Bahrs yesterday. Mrs. Hartman
testified, among other things, that on one
occasion she discovered her. husband In
another woman's house on Golden Gate
avenue. She forced her husband to retiro
to his home, where he abused her for In
terferlng with his pleasant visit The
hearing of the case will be concluded Mon
day.
, Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Sarah L.. Rolph from James M
Rolph, for desertion;. Mary Morton from
Algernon V. Morton, for cruelty and
neglect; Lizzie Van Deursen from Walter
Van Deursen, for intemperance- Ella V
"Rogers from Thomas N. Rogers, for crii
elty, and Richard M. Barron from JessiP
Barron, for desertion. . -™ Jes f le
Suits for divorce have been filed bv w
K. Robin against Lulu Robin, on the
grounff of desertion; Charles M Grush
against Fannie Grush,, infidelity; Grace E
Forsythe against James A. Forsythe dp
sertlon; Gertrude E. Miller against Georee
C. Miller, failure to provide; Henry Cleafv
agalnst_ Annie Cleary. desertion;' Bern
hardt Koeffe against Wllhelnftne . Koeffe
desertion, and Marie Brodbed^ aKainat
Christian Brodbeck; failure to/provide.
charged with grand larceny for stealing
jewelry and valuable papers belonging 1 to
Mrs. Dr. J. C. Stone, 1934 Page street, was
held before Judge Mogan yesterday.
After Mrs. Stone and Detective Hamll
had given their testimony the defendant
said she would plead guilty to petty lar
ceny and throw herself upon the mercy of
the court, as she had made all the repara
tion In her power. - ' -". ' .
• "What do you know about pleading
guilty to petty larceny?" asked the Judge.
"You . surely must j have been in trouble
before." : -
The defendant denied, that she had ever
been in a criminal court before. She said
she must have been laboring under tem
porary Insanity when she stole the prop
erty. She made a full confession, detail
ing how she hid the box In the park, took
four diamonds out ' of their settings and
taking them and the bank book went to
Port Townsend and Seattle.
The Judge said he believed her Intention
of coming back here* was to get the cer
tificates of shares and other jewelry, with
, the object of disposing of them. He held
her to answer before the Superior Court
In $3000 bonds.;
ADEI-AIDE J. WOODMAN
: >.[. :; IS HELD TO ANSWER
Makes Full Confession and Offers to
Plead Guilty to Petty I*arceny
Charge.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Adelaide J. Woodman, the midwife,
' While It appears and is acknowledged bv R_
C Cordell that he committed an error in his
Identification sheet as to the dates of his ex
perience as a bookkeeper, and It appearing that
such error was one. of memory. and not mado
for purpose* of deception,, and If further ap
pearing from affidavits that he has had exr>erl
ence more than suMclent to cover the periods
called Into question, and the character and
reputation of said Cordell not having been at
tacked and his ability as a bookkeeper not
having been questioned, it Is decided by the
Civil Service Commission that the allegations
against him have not been sustained and the
charges are therefore dismissed.
The-flndlngs of the commission which
cleared Cordell of any wrongdoing not
withstanding the direct evidence agaim,l
him, are singular and are as follows- ¦
I declare that each of the foregoing state
ments is true and that I have falthfullj dis
charged the duties of said employment In
case any false statement shall appear in the
foregoing declaration I hereby consent to the
cancellation of my examination papers.
Clerk Once Dismissed for Incompetency
Gets High Percentage.
rect in his dates and that he had acted
as time-keeper In the barbed wire depart
i?. en V °A. the , c ? m P an y "nder the name of
ihlf £ th i? r ;i ll L- law - A ? aIn Cordell swore
nv «=£~ * d * een b °okkeeper of W Fam
ily shoe factory, whereas in the subse
quent affidavit he said that he wal paid
SSSv"*? 11 "* an attorney of the com
pany. L. R. Goldberg, president of the
company testified that Cordell came twice
a * W i ee £ to lool L over the books after
straightening them out for a period of
three days. All these facts were brought
out at a sort of trial before the comrnYs
slon and in the face of the evidence Cor
dell s examination papers should have
been canceled in accordance with the fol
lowing declaration in his identification
sheet which Cordell had subscribed I to bt"
fore he took the examination:
PECULIAR METHODS OF
CIVIL SERVICE BOARD
That the Civil Service Commission must
have a peculiar method of marking ex
amination papers known only to itself is>
demonstrated by the percentage given to
Frank E. Madden, who stands fourth on
the eligible list of Sheriff's bookkeepers.
In this examination MacWen was awarded
SI. 5 per cent. He was successful also in
the examination held for ordinary clerks
some two months ago and was immediate
ly certified for a position in the Reg
istrar's office. Madden had only served
a few days when Registrar "Walsh was
obliged to dismiss him for incompetency.
Chlef Examiner Moran in trying to ex
plain that Madden's percentage In the
bookkeeping examination Was regular
said that Madden lost his position in the
Registrar's office because he misspelled
words and that spelling would not enter
into bookkeeping. Madden was afterward
allowed to take the examination for book
keepers with the astonishing' result men
tioned. He Is now employed by Nathan,
Dohrmann & Co.
Another official act of the commission
which is exciting- much unfavorable crit
icism is that of clearing K. C. Cordeil
(who passed, the same examination) of
charges that he had falsified in stating
his; former occupation. These charges
were proven by his own •'admission and
by the affidavits of two witnesses. In his
declaration Cordell swore that he had
been employed as bookkeeper Jn the Cali
fornia Wire Works, whereas Secretary
Scherling of that concern deposed that
Cordell had never employed In that
capacity. Cordell riled another affidavit
in which he said that he had been Intor-
In an article by Franklin Matthews, en
titled "The Cost of Tammany In Flesh
Bishop Potter has taken personal charge
of the fight. It Is understood that the
memorial to the Mayor which the Bishop
and Mr. Paddock have been preparing for
a fortnight paet will be finished In a day
or two. The chances are that the matter
will go over until after election day. The
leaders in the crusade realize that for
the next three weeks the approaching
Presidential election overshadows all
other questions.
forms of vice out from the lower
east Eide. It will be deliberate, well plan
ned and in all probability a very long
fight. The men who are leading the cru
sade will profit by the mistakes made In
the earlier struggles, and they will there
fore go slowly and very surely. The bat
tle against the evils of the lower town
which have flourished under the Tam
many city government will continue
through the coming: winter and into the
spring and summer. By the time it
reaches its crisis;" six or nine months
hence; the city will be preparing to elect
a Mayor, and it is confidently expected
that the result of the crusade will be an
important factor in giving New York a
new city government.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK, Oct. 1L— Definite ac
tion will soon be taken by the
church authorities who have de
termined to drive certain flagrant
In a section known as the "Sew Ten
derloin" around West Kifty-ninth street
there has been a decided Increase in the
saloons, dance and concert halls and la
gambling and disorderly houses within
the last two years. Two powerful organ
izations, the Paulist Fathers and the West
End Association, have directed " their
forces against the inroad of vice, but
have not succeeded In staying Its course.
"I have been In my present position for
Just two months," he said to-day, "but
1 have seen enough to realize that the
moral tone of the district is worse than 1
could have believed it."
He said that direction front of the
church was a disorderly house.
Vice became so audacious in the vicinity
of the St. Stanislaus Church that a dis
reputable resort was opened opposite tho
church doors and beside that leading into
the pastor's home. The two houses could
scarcely be distinguished, save for the
plate on the rector's door. - Rev. Mr.
Heyhoe is passing through a similar ex
perience. He finds vice fltuhting itself
directly Jn front of his church doors,
scandalizing the congregation.
and Blood," and printed In Harper's
Weekly to-day the social evils of the east
side are touched -in no uncertain way.
Mr. Matthews directly asserts that Tam
many is responsible for the increase in
crime in this city and for the fruits 01"
that crime. Mr. Matthews says that the
increase in crimes of an inhuman and de
praved character against children has
been enormous. Crime among Juveniles
has greatly increased.
f ornians.
Texas needs more help. Through per
fectly reliable sources the California State
Relief Committee has ¦ ascertained that
sufficient food and clothing has been sent,
but that more money with which to pro
vide shelter for 8000 persons now homeless,
and winter approaching, is the great need
of the hour. All reports conclusively
show that the relief committees in Texas
are handling the funds sent them in the
most judicious manner and that affairs
are being honestly conducted. Shelter,
though only temporary', must be provided
for the thousands who have nothing left
but their empty lots.
The California State Relief Committee
is sending the following appeal to a large
number of parties in San Francisco who
have not been reached by the various
committees and hopes that the response
will be generous and Immediate:
The latest reliable reports from Galveston
plainly indicate that contributions for its re
lief in general fall far short of those mads on
previous similar occasions and are less than
were expected. It is quite evident that more
help will be needed for some time In order tOs.
furnish the distressed people with the neces
saries of life and to clear away the ruin* and
remove the dead.
The California State Relief Commute* tor
aiding the Texas sufferers is trying to reach
all those who have not yet subscribed and af
ford them the opportunity, to do so, but al
though nearly every one Is willing to contribute
money, we find it difficult to secure committees
enough who can give sufficient time to per
sonally call' upon all lines of business and pro-'
fessiona. N ; :,.-..,. .._„,-
No doubt you have been waiting to be called
upon to contribute and have already decided \
what will be your • subscription. , This com
mittee therefore appeals to you not to wait
until personally called upon, but asks you to
send in at once such a contribution as you feel
Justified In giving. We have positive testimony
from reliable parties of this city who have Just
returned from Galveston that relief work there
Is being most thoroughly and judiciously pe-
formed, and . all contributors, therefore, can
feel assured that the money which they give
for this purpose will be properly expended.
Will you . not give some aid to this worthy
cause? Very respectfully yours,
CALIFORNIA STATE RELIEF COMMITTEE.
¦ Note — Subscriptions may be sent to the Bank
of California, treasurer, or If you will kindly
send postal card to this of flee., stating when
and where to collect, we will send messenger
accordingly.
The following telegram has been report
ed by Governor Sayers of Texas:
HONOLULU, H. I.. Oct. 2. via San Francisco.
Hon. Joseph D. Sayers, Governor of Texas,
Houston, Texas — Dear Sir: The merchants of
Honolulu, desiring to express their sympathy
for the sufferers in yqur State by the late dis
astrous flood, place in your hands the sum of
$3300, the tame to be expended in aid of the
many sufferers as you may deem best. Very
truly yours. • J. B. ATHERTOM,
PAUL IS EN BERG,
ROBERT LEWERS,
Committee of the Chamber of Commerce,
We remain yours faithfully,
WELCH & CO.
O. M. VESPER, Vice President.
Mayor Phelan reports the following sub
scriptions from the schools:
John Swett Grammar ..>... .$35 85
Peabody Primary 6 90
Whlttier Primary 17 23
Total $60 00
Galveston Sufferers in Need of Far
ther Assistance From Cali-
CONTRIBUTIONS ASKED
BY BELIEF COMMITTEE
Trouble Over Passenger Bates.
tiii^Aiiu, Oct. 11.— Executive officers
to-day labored with the problem presented
fey the cheap excursion rate put in effect
by the Great Xortiiern and Northern Pa
cific r.r.<\ reached no satisfactory conclu
sion. The Northern Pacific announced its
rates from St. Paul and asked the Chi
caffo-St. Paul lines to place them on a
1 :-r:iy with the Groat Northern. T'nder
present conditions this will undoubtedly
nave to be done.
Martineili to Be Cardinal.
KCCIE. Oct. 11.— It is asserted that
Archbishop Martinclli will be raised to the
cardinalaK- ai the n^xt consistory.
Colorado and Southern Passenger
Train Is Struck by a Freight
Near Littleton.
DENVER, Oct. 1L— A head-end collision
tot ween a Colorado Southern passen
ger train and a freight occurred to-night
r.car Littleton, ten miles south of this
city. \V. J. Watson, engineer of the
ifasfewrer train, was killed.
IDeclares That Before Long the Mili
tary Force in Porto Bico May
Be Seduced.
¦vTAFHIXGTON*. Oct. .LL— The War De
partment to-day made public the annual
report of Brigadier General George W.
T>avis, commanding the Department of
IYirto Rico. It states that when the or
ganization cf the civil government shall
ha\ - e been completed and the civil min
istry is working well there will be no
necessity to retain in the island so large
a force as at present. He cannot con
ceive it possible, however, to limit the
parrison to a force Just sufficient to take
care of the guns at San Juan, and he
points out that the island of Porto Rico
must have in the future, as it has had in
tl.c past, great military importance. Spain
« rpended more than $4,000,000 on the for
tifications of San Juan, and on the sur
r^ndf;r to the United States the fortlflca
ta were found to be of great strength
and the armaments extensive.
EXGINEER MEETS DEATH AS
RESULT OF COLLISION
3JEPOBT OP GENERAL
DAVIS IS MADE PUBLIC
Defamation of . character will , form the
basis of a suit for $50,000 damages to be
brought by H. R. Duffln, agent of the
Cape Nome Steamship Company, against
Adolph Ottinger, ticket broker at 620 Mar
ket street. The papers have been drawn
up . by Mr. Duffin's counsel. Martin
Stevens, and will probably be filed to-day
or to-morrow.
Duffln is a member of ' the Guarantee
Ticket Brokers' Association, while Ot
tinger belongs to the American Ticket
Brokers' Association. Before coming to
San Francisco Duffln was connected with
the American Association at Los Angele».
Ottinger, it is claimed, sent out a "stuf
fer" to sound the market. Duffln replied
and being all out of- the Guarantee As
sociation's blanks he took one of the>
American blanks, scratching out "Ameri
can" and substituting "Guarantee." Ot
tinger sent the blank to the secretary of
the American Association, whose head
quarters are in Chicago, together with a
personally written letter, the contents of
which Duffln now takes exception to and
bases his claim for damages on. .
The Chicago secretary happened to be
friendly with Duffln and he very con
siderately forwarded Ottinger's letter to
him. He read it— first with surprise, then
with indignation. The things which Ot
tinger put in black and white, Duffln says,
are mean fabrications, intended to injure
his character.
Mr. Duffln declined to talk about the
case when seen yesterday, stating that it
would be time enough to bring out the
facts after suit had been brought.
Will Seek Heavy Damages,
From Adolph Ottinger,
Ticket Broker.
<
Injured Man Claims a Scathing Let
ter, Intended to Hurt Bis Rep
utation, Was Written to '.
Chicago. .
DUFFIN CLAIMS
HIS CHARACTER
WAS ASSAILED
CHICAGO, Oct. 1L— The analysis of the
contests of Jive bottles of medicine found
to-day In the room occupied by Marie
Defcnbach at the time of her death will be
made in the laboratory of the Health De
partment to-morrow. Particular atten
tion ha* been given to the bottle pur
porting to contain medicine for dysen
tery. Doses of this Trill "be administer*!
to a guinea pig for the purpose of watch
ing its effects.
Tho contents of a bottle taken from the
cuitea of F. Wayland Brown *-hen ar
rested will also be analyzed.
It Is reported that the liquid found in
the bottle among Brown's effects is what
is commonly known as "kn^ck-our
drops," two teaspoonfuls of which would
ordinarily cause death.
Mrs. F. A. Follinger. formerly Miss
Ethel Johnson, accompanied by her hus
band, came up from Logansport. Ind.,
and had an interview with Captain. Col
leran, Chief of Detectives, to-night. She
denied that the had ever met Brown
when taken to the County Jail to see
fcim. Brown also declared that ho never
t£.w the woman before.
Officials of the New Tork Life Insur
ance Company, the Mooney & Boland De
tective Agency and the city police say
that the attempt to connect the names
cf many women with the Defenbach case
is ridiculous. It is suggested that
Brown was rather a gay Lothario, but all
persons interested in the prosecution as-
Bert that vx> other woman is likely to be
•brought directly into the present case. It
developed to-night that Irene Spencer,
.mentioned as a possible victim of Brown,
•was an acQualntance. whom he had met
but ones.
Drops."
Said That They Contained a Liquid
That Is Commonly Known.
as "Knock - (hit
Analyze Contents of Bottles
in Marie Defenbach's
Room
CHEMISTS SEEK
TO FIND TRACE
OF POISONS
• . ¦ ¦ ../¦¦ fivv." v'.: -.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1900.
CRUSADE AGAINST
VICE IN NEW YORK
Church People Hard at Work and Will
Evade Mistakes of Former Struggles.
REV. DR. ROBERT L. PADDOCK OF THE EPISCOPAL. PRO-CATHE
DRAL IN NEW YORK, WHO STARTED THE PRESENT CRUSADE
AGAINST THE VICE OF THAT CITY.
Harrow school In England, was found
ed In 1571 by, John Ly on, • a , yeoman. • • - - y
Property owners in the park panhandle
district held r a- v meeting ! .' last." night '¦'and
prepared a petition • to the Supreme Court
calling attention to the necessity of hav
ing an early hearing; of ... the case now
pending In - which i the interests . of prop
erty owners . In the district are | Involved
Another meeting will be called in a few
days. ¦¦¦'¦-.-¦.¦¦' .-• -..-¦.• *;. ¦•.¦ •¦ _ l ; . ; _;^:,- -,
3
Just a glimpse of a few
S"ood things you will g*et in
next Sunday's Call. •
Sonething for ever$>ody.
What Grace Fern has to say
about the resignation of the
Her. Samuel Slocombe and the
churches of San Francisco will
appeal to alL
For those tcho "would get
rich fast— read of the fortunes
in oil made from almost noth-
ing.
For the lovers of art and
music— the Call advocates a
National Conservatory and
Rose Relda tells why we
should have one.
For those who enjoy tales
of adventure and .weird
stories — read about the % fierce
Kacabebe %couts, the haunt-
ed house in San Rafael, the
terrible ''Secret of Mont-
mere," and Don Juan Gomez's
account of the most notorious
of California brigands — Mu-
rictn and Vasquez.
If you are interested in gi-
gantic industries don't miss
the article on the building and.
handling of leg rafts on the
vast Pacific. . .
If you prefer a pap»r on
affairs foreign — peruse Gene-
vieve Green's excellent article
en "An American Duchess."
The housekeeper who would
please the palate and at the
same tim» save her, pocket-
book, will do well to consult
the page on dainty dishes.
If you have ever seen an
Indian you will appreciate the
best photographs of that,kind
in - this - edition, which . have
ever been published.
If you want to laugh — look
cut for the comic section—,
funny jokes and funnier pic-
tures.
And do not forget that Ed
Borein, the "Cow Puncher
Artist," has a full page of his
best work-
Can you play the piano P Of
couise — well, just try the
march that goes with v next
Sunday's Call. The latest out
and tlie best.
Can any paper in the United
States— or for that matter in
the world — give you as -much
as this? "Well, hardly.
: .j..:j t . : --.. ';.;__;.!_,:._ advertisements.
. . fa
— ,?*i
Union-Made Ready-Made |
; V Have you ever really considered the i
value of union-mads clothing ? Well, i
* s mac^ s * n 1'Sht, airy workshops by |
/tfiSSfW union men. The clothing is clean, as |
/MilK^ !t is made by self " res Pecting white I
iflf IS^ Pe ° Ple# The WOrkmanshi P isfirst - class »
tllBHii IliiiHIHlB y^ur 6 entire°satisf^tion— Jntii you 'ale
'wlilHwiS liiB^ perfectly satisfled t0 buy another suit -
' wiffiwil IHiiraHnDr Though the price be Iow ' the suits come
Tfflipjl^ in fashionable weaves, such as the new j
' liiliffl gree0 ' ° XfOrd> t3n and chocolate effects '
/$™ilS!f I iwillliffliSil™^ as wel! as blue seTge and many mixed
ilH iiifml 11 IISIS e make ever y one of the suits
lltSIf SISf wli II 11111 ourselves. We are wholesale manufac- j
' Pli ISi will Hblff turers and guarantee all our clothing.
i'lliif ill I ISM ur uarantee : Money returned if
nSJiSIISif ifll llllf the clotnes do not - sat i s^y • or clothes
iilllf i IH * IIninti=]ttade Overcoats
* ffffliffl I II HI ' s we^ * n ' n k about overcoats I!
Plwfi IH ((Hi ' now, when the winter season is gradu-
iBlffl 1 Si a^ y cornm g upon us. Ours at $10.00 ;
n|Wj|« till ill! are most men want — simply, good
Hull III IS wearing and good looking overcoats at
Boys' Clothirig I
Un the second floor. of our store is one of the best lighted (by natural
light) and largest departments devoted to boys' clothing, hats and furnishings
west of New York. After stepping from the electric elevator you are confronted
by a vast stock of everything that boys wear except shoes. We buy extensively
and sell closely, and offer values to get mothers acquainted with us.'
» a Mm W W . J U 1 I ¦• ¦ v il
Here is a value that you can buy right along— it's not a special: Boys'
suits, ages 8 to 16 years; double-breasted coat and knee pants, as the picture
shows ; patterns : checks, plaids and stripes in the new fall mixtures of all-wool
goods ; panls half lined— makes them wear well ; made by us ; price
But of course you .will have .to see the suits to 9 'SO?
see what the price means. , • n. g, )
Boys' Vestee Suits
Vestee v suits for boys/ages 3 to 8 years, double- * MM^IMS^
breasted vest, some in same material as the coat and
pants, while others come in fancy patterns ; separable i^^^^^^^^fiM
shield to be left off if the boy wants to wear a collar m&[
and tie ; knee pants, strongly sewed ; price
Made of remnants from our tailoring department.
As we cannot use the cloth in any other way, we
simply charge customers for the cost of making the
caps; the assortment is — well, everything you will llllwrilSi^
find in suits ; the caps ar~ j ¦¦'^S ¦¦¦;'¦ Wfa!
1 dC 6clCrl Of* JL lot* 2toC sHIh
Boys' Shirt Waists II W
These are the. famous "Mother's Friend" shirt ||j ff»
I waists, which every mother knows about; laundered, n
fast colored; colors : red, blue and fancy patterns; JS
attached or detachable collars ; price of the waists Ma
: " 718 Market Street. I
i' ' "' " ¦¦¦"''"' ' ===hRACEHORSE DASHES
AMONG SPECTATORS
COVELO. Oct -1L— Late this
evening, while finishing the half
mile race, W. S. Osborn's horse,
Dan Joyce, flew the track within
a 'few' rods of the wlrei _• rushing
madly Into the crowd of spectators
near the judges' .stand. .He ran
into several people, kicking a boy
on the heel and knocked down a
young man named . George Short,
striking him In the face and chest.
Short fell as If killed. He was
resuscitated by a doctor who was
on ' the ' grounds after an hour's
hard work, but lapses Into a coma
tose condition every few minutes.
The dofttors fear he 1 Is Internally
injured. * .
; ' Dan". Joyce' Is owned In' . Round
Valley, . but . was . raised In ; another
;part. bfVthe count'/;; where an:at
tempt at racing him. proved a fail
ure on- account of ; Ms ; unmanage
able 'temper.' -The judges have
ruled the horse off the track.
Short's, condition is: slightly im
proved, but the physicians cannot
do" much ' until he recovers ; entire
consciousness. The _ races ' will . con
tinue for five days more. \ : ,
VALLEJO,; Oct. ll.-The cases of Chief
of Police Stanford vs; W. R. Acock were
argued, in Judge Genty's. court to-day.
One charge, that of resisting an officer,
sworn to by Stanford, was dismissed, but
Acock .was held under $1000 bond to ap
pear before the Superior Court to answer
to • a charee of assault with a deadly
weapon with Intent to commit murder.
Acock Is Held.
FORT BRAGG. Oct.: 11.— Mrs. S. C.
Stewart died here. to-day at the good old
age of 92 years. She was a native of
Ohio. In 1S53 she with her husband came
to the Pacific Coast and settled in what
was then Washington Territory. In 1863
they came to Mendocino .County and have
resided here ever since. Her husband
died some sixteen years ago, since which
time she has lived in the village of Fort
Bragg. •
Mrs. S. C. Stewart.
sloned, Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— The postofflce
at Chile'no, Marin County, will be discon
tinued October 15, and mail sent to Peta-
Iuma. . ,
Postmasters commissioned: Mary. B.,
Horton, Round Valley. Appointed: Call-'
fornla— \V. F. Sechrest, Doble, San Ber
nardino X^ounty. vice C. L. Metzgar re
signed; G. S. Thompson, Glamis, San Di
ego County, vice Edwin Hayes, resigned.
Oregon— E. P. Ash. Cascade. Wasco Coun
ty, vice H. A. -Leavens, resigned; R. G.
v Irtue, Leland, Josephine County, vice B
F. Moss, resigned.
Pensions granted: California— Original
—Edwin Li Colburn. Occidental. $6; Peter
Y.. Baker (dead). Fresno, $10; William H
Alleman Pomona. *S; Joseph J. Smith,
Bishop, $6; Peter Schnabel, San Francisco
$6; Herman Irish, Los .Angeles, $6; Joseph
A*. Gilman. Los Olivos. $8; Peter M. Hous
ton, Hanford. $6.. Increase — George -W
Hale, San Francisco. $8; Albert J King
Jamul. $10;. Benjamin King, Grass Valley'
$12. War with Spain, widow— Mary Carr
(mother), San Francisco, $12A
Oregon— Original— John H. Kutz, Port
land. $6; Abner W. Waters. Burns, $6 Or
iginal widow.— Sarah F. Gulgan, Beu
lah, $S. . .,
Washlngton-^rlglnal—Henry H. Mc-
Cray, Olympla. $6; Owen Colin, Lake
Park, $6;. minors of Ludwig Michaels
Waltsburg, $18. '
• ? \
"Ward Convicted.
SOLOMON VILLE, Ariz. . Oct. 11.— John
K. Ward, .who killed a Rough Rider
named Jackson at Clifton, Ariz., March
23. was convicted last night of murder In
the Becond degree, ,• Sentence will be pro
nounced later. A new trial will be asked
Postmasters Appointed and Commis-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 11.— Santa Cruz is
now ready to entertain the five hundred
members of the High Court of the Inde
pendent Order of Foresters, which wlii
be in session here next week.
A full week's programme has been ar
ranged and is as follows:
Tuesday, October 16— Arrival of dele
gates at 12 o'clock m.:. session of High
Court at I. O. O. F. Hall at 2 o'clock p.
m.; open air concert by Hastings Band
on Hotel bt. George veranda, 7:30 to 8:30
p. m.; reception to delegates at opera
nouse. S:30 p. m: programme— overture.
Hastings Band; address of welcome,
,i a £?i- J - p - Parker: response, Hon. G. A.
McEIfresh, H. C. R.; vocal solo, Miss
Paula Fisher: recitation. Miss Minnie
Cope; saxophone solo. Professor Georjce
Hastings: piano solo. Miss Ida Wilson"
W ednesday, October 17— Grand parade at
10 o clock a. m.; grand ball In the evening
at Armory Hall. .
Thursday. October 18— Session of High
°.?, urt: conferring of Oriental Degree by
Gllroy Conclave at I. O. O. F. Hall at 8
p. m.
Friday, October 19-Excursion to big
trees and Boulder Creek and barbecue;
5.J 1 1 ??. v<?s the de P°t at 10 o'clock a. m.
The High Court officers are: H. C R
G. A. McELfresh, Los Angeles; P. H C*
%-rP r ™ F i %• £ arker . Lo» Angeles; II.
X.'t£- \- S -i I L - D Hoglle V Fre9no: hlKh sec
retary, W H. Perry. Los Angeles; high
treasurer, M. E. Reavis, Los Angeles
high physician, J. C. Stlnson, M. D., San
Iranclsco; high chancilor, F. D. lic-
Clure, Visalla.
». The reception committee — Court Sequoia
rso. liC7 of Santa Cruz, F. P. Cooper S
J. Strauss. L. J. Drake, G. Staffler, L. h".
WeBsendorf, C. M. Lewis, W, S. Moore
H K. Pierce. D. Jonas. E. Daubenbls. F.
J. Helms, J. Severio. W. S. Rogers E
Alzina. E. P. Young, Dr. F. E. Morgan
Court Wildwood No. 633 of Boulder
Creek— W. H. Dool, I. T. Bloom, Joseph
H. Aram, Henry A. Jameson, A. H. Stage
M. C. Swarthout, A. L. Seidlinger. H. C.'
Hollenback, \V. B. Peery. J. P. Mullen.
Good Programme Arranged for the
Entertainment of the Delegates
to the Annual Session of
the High Court.
SANTA CRUZ READY
TO GREET FORESTERS
New, Trial for Begerow.
% SAN JOSE, Oct. 11.— The Jury la the,
trial of Frederick Begerow, who .shot and'
killed Joseph Cech and August Berger at
the brewers' picnic on July 15, was dis
missed by Judge Lorfgan to-day and the
case ordered retried. October 23 was set
as the date. This Is. the result of the
flight of B. Benjamin.- one ,of the Jurors,
to Australia. With the Juror also went
several hundred dollars of money belong
ing to San Joseans - that had been en-'
trusted to him, •
Accidentally Shot.
VALLEJO. Oct. 1L— The remains of
Frank Polley were brought to Vallejo
this afternoon and turned over to Coroner
MacDonald. The accident which led to
this. young man's death happened. in the
tules north of this place while he and his
brother-in-law. S. J. Delaney, were out on
a hunting trip. ¦ Polley had just shot a
duck and was placing It in his boat, when
he caught hold of his gun to move It; it
discharged and the charge entered the
abdomen of the unfortunate young man.
Frank Polley wan 18 years of age and
well known here, where he resided.
preme Court to-day the appeal of ths
San Diego Water Company against the
decision of Judge Torrence and Judgo
Hughes, sitting In bank, confirming the
right of the city of San Diego to regulate
the rates charged for water in that city,
was .dismissed, as was also the appeal
from a decision rendered by the . same
Judges denying a new trial, all the points
at issue having been previously deter
mined in a former suit. »¦
The appeal of the city of San Diego
from the decision of Judge Ballard of
Orange County in the case of Albert
Meyer, a taxpayer of San Diego, vs. tne
City of San Diego, brought for the pur
pose of testing- the legality of the bonds
Issued by the city of San Diego for the
acquisition of a water works system and
decided adversely as to the legality of the
bonds, was submitted on brief, as was
{Uso the' appeal from Judge Ballard's "de
cision fixing the burden of costs upon the
city of San Diego and including items to
which the city objects.
Supreme Court Decides That the City
of San Diego Has Authority
to Fix Rates.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. U.-In the Su-
tralnloads of people arrived from tfie
north this morning. About 600 Cloverdale
people, headed by their local band and a
large banner Inscribed with "Orange
City's greetings to the City of Roses,"
marched up the street from the depot.
Each member, of the Cloverdale delega
tion wore an orange twig and a badge
bearing the same inscription as the ban
ner.
The floral display that is a part of the
big street pavilion exhibit is one of the
mest attractive departments of the fair.
Prominent among the exhibitors are the
following society ladies: Mrs. C. A.
"VVrieht. Mrs. Rue. Mrs. J. B. Elliott and
Miss Adelaide Elliott, Miss Mary Lyman
and Mrs. H. H. Madsen. The variety of
cut flowers displayed includes dahlias,
fuchsias, gladioli, roses and chrysanthe
mums. The display of dahlias Is espe
cially gorgeous. Among the potted plants
Mrs. Elliott exhibits an Egyptian papy
rus plant direct from the banks of the
Nile.
Among the additions to the general ex
hibit Is a display from Lake County,
which Includes numerous varieties of
nuts and fruits, the latter both fresh and
dried.
APPEAL OF WATER
COMPANY DISMISSED
Hundreds of Peopls From Cloverdale
and Vicinity j March Through
the Streets Bearing" Branches
of Orange Trees.
t
Special Dicpatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 1L— Crowds still
visit the agricultural and free street fair
here. To-day, being Mendocino and
Northern Sonoma day, two large special
MENDOCINO DAY AT
SANTA ROSA FAIR
Orders for Bel ease of Miners.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 11.— Warden
Aguirre to-day received the proper paper
in the cases of Dennis O'Rourke, C. R.
Burris, Edward Alblnoia, Louis Salla
Henry Maroni, John Luclnctla Arthur
Wallace. P. F. CTDonnell. Mike Mulvey
and Francis Butler. Several days ago the
Warden received a telegram "from the
Idaho court commanding him to release
the men. but he had to wait until the le
gal authorization could come. This came
to-day. The men were received at the
prison last November. They were con
victed of having stopped a mall car at
Moscow, Idaho, during the late mining
troubles in that section.
MANY HALF-ORPHAN CLAIMS.
They Are Causing an Enormous
Drain on the State Treasury.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 11.— The drain on
the Etate treasury for the support of half
orphans is becoming enormoua. The total
amount paid to the counties for the sup
port of half-orphans for the six months
ending June 31 last reached JS1.7C7 53.
Secretary Kevane says he is doing his
utmost to pruard against the presentation
of fraudulent claims. There were in hisj
office back claims from the counties ag
gregating about {175.000, which the board
had "held up ' and refused 10 pay on the
ground that they had been contracted be
fore the present administration took of
fice and their correctness could not J>e
established. Alameda County has begfin
pult to recover its claim, amounting io
f*>me $3"00. and other counties' threaten
similar action.
Mr. Kevane says It can readily be shown
by a tabulated statement that the ex
panses of the eupport of half-orphans is
borne unequally by the counties. He
holds that the counties themselves should
attend to their own charities and believes
that if this were done there would bu
more rigorous inquiry on the part of Su
pervisors and less probability of fraudu
lent claims.
WANT LOCAL OPTION.
Lengthy Petition Presented to Super
visors at San Jose.
SAN JOSE. Oct. ll.-The question of
local option was discussed in the meeting
of the Board of Supervisors to-day. The
rooms were crowded by those for and
against the measure and some heated ar
guments were made. A petition from the
Anti-Saloon League to have the question
of local option in granting saloon licenses
Fubmitted to a vote at the next general
election brought up the matter. The pe
tition contains S50Q names.
It was referred to the County Clerk to
check over the list of signers and deter
mine the number qualified to eipn After
this is done the board will again consldtr
the matter.
His Last Illness.
RANDSBURG, Oct. 1L— Considerable
excitement was caused here, this after
coon by an attempt on the life of Dr.
Nichols by Mrs. M. E. Ritter. The doc
tor was talking to some ladies In Mrs.
White's millinery establishment when
Mrs. Ritter rushed rrom behind a curtain
and thrust a cocked pistol in hie face,
exclaiming, "I will kill you!" The doctor
seized her hand and threw it up, the ham
mer of the pistol coming down on his
thumb.
In the ' strupsrle . for possession of the
weapon they got out In the 6tre«t, when
another woman took the pistol away. In
the struggle Mrs. Ritter bit the doctor's
hand and struck him. She was arrested
and taicen before Justice Manning, and
the preliminary trial was set for 10 o clock
Monday morning. Later, a warant was
pworn out by Nichols charging her with
dementia, ar.d she was again arrested
and will be taken to Bakersfleld to-mor
row morning to appear before the Su
perior Court. The trouble came about
through the death of Mrs. Hitter's hus-
Land fome months ago. when Nichols was
the attending- physician.
tended Her Husband During
Attempts to Kill the Man Who At-
"WOMAN ATTACKS A
KANDSBTJEG PHYSICIAN
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 11.— The Coroner*B
Jury to-day Investigated the death of Steve
Flanagan, ex-champlon bantam weight pugilist,
who died last Saturday following a boxing
match the previous night. A verdict was ren
dered that Flanagan's death was due to over
exertion. James Devine, who was sparring with
him at the tlm« he became unconscious, was
discharged from custody.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. U.-EL. H.. Fisher
of Sumter, Or., a consumptive, died on
the Southern Pacific train from San
Francisco between 5 and 6 o'clock this
morning.
Died on a Train.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11.— The Pacific
branch of the Woman's Foreign Mission
ary Society, In session In this city to-day,
decided to hold the next annual conven
tion In Los Aneeles.
Will Meet at Los Angeles.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. H.— The body of the
dead man which -was seen yesterday In a
Chinese junk .off Point San Quentln was
secured to-rright by Coroner Eden at
Point San Pedro. It was the body of Ah
Kim, also known as Chlng Gim, who met
his death In a mysterious manner at Point
San Pedro.
Ah Kim's Body Found.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 11.— The trial of G.
Bovarrlo, charged with th.e:;murder of his
partner, Joe Luccatellf, 'last' May, was
commenced In Judge Burnett's depart
ment of the Superior Court to-day. Both
men were Italian woodchoppers In the
employ of Frank Montlceli, about five
miles from Guerneville. in a lonely can
yon. . i
Bovarrio's Trial Begins.
Creary, pastor of the Methodist church
and father of the groom, officiated.
Kang Tse Breaks Down.
SEATTLE. Oct. 11.— Major Rhulen, as
sistant quartermaster here, has been no
tified by the quartermaster general that
the Kang Tse, the freighter under charter
to carry animals and supplies from Seat
tle to Manila, has met with an accident
off Singapore and probably -will not enter
the Government's service. She broke her
shaft and la expected to be laid up for at
least five weeks*. As ft result of the acci
dent to the Kang Tae several additional
vessels will probably at once be char
tered. The Mogul has already been char
tered from Dodwell & Co., and will carry
part of the cargo intended for the Kanj;
Tse. She will b* loaded with forage nn>I
will go under tonnage charter. The Mo
gul Is not expected to arrive here until
about November 1.
Drowned at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 1L— West Lake
Park claimed another victim In the per
son of Walter Mulrein, who was accident
ally drowned to-day. Mulrein and a
friend. Mike Connelly, procured a mw
boat and started out for a cruise around
the lake. Both were Intoxicated and the
boat was capsized with the result stated.
Change of Venue Denied.
SAX JOSE, Oct. 1L— Judge Lorlgan to
day denied the motion for a change of
venue in the case of Jack Ortega, charged
with assault. In support of. the motioa
the defendant's attorneys claimed tha
existence ot a plot to iynch their client.
Stabbed by a Jealous Husband.
.FRESNO, Oct. 11.— A man named Mc-
Carthy was severely stabbed this , after
noon by .William Veale, who claimed that
McCarthy had alienated his wife's affec
tions. Mrs. Veale was with McCarthy on
the* street and. tried to defend him. All
the parties are strangers here, having ar
rived In a camp .wagon a week ago from
the north. McCarthy will live.,
| •-. .- . m , if
Married at • Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRXJZ. Oct. 11.— A quiet and
pretty home wedding was solemnized to
day'when Thomas G. MeCreary of the
City. Bank-^ras married to Miss 'Frances
Coll ins. •'--•he home was beautifully dec
orated for. the occasion. . Rev. E. D. Me-
Bundle of Letters Taken From the
Bag Containing the Lompoc
Mail as It Lay on a Truck
at San Luis Obispo. '
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
/ SAN LUIS OBISPO, Oct. 11.— A mail bag
was looted last night at the Southern Pa
cific depot. The act was most audacious,
as.it. must have been committed, under the
very eyes of a number of people who were
at the depot awaiting the arrival of the
southbound train, which Is due to arrive
at 6 o'clock. When the mall sacks left
the express wagon In which they had been
taken to the depot they were all right,
but when they were again handled to load
on the train it was discovered by the mail
clerk on the train that the sack contain
ing the Lompoc and way mall had been
cut open. When the mall arrives at the
depot from the postofflce It is loaded on a
truck until the arrival of the train. It
was taken to the depot about ten minutes
before train time, but the train was about
half an hour late, and the act was com
mitted during the forty minutes It was
on the truck.
An examination shows that but one
small bundle of letters was taken, but
that does not make the act any the less
audacious. ; The authorities have been
constantly at work, but so far they have
found no trace of the thief.
- . ¦ *
Brakeman Fatally Injured.
SUISUN. Oct. 11.-C. E. Jones, a South
ern Pacific brakeman, was run over by
an engine at the Suisun station this even-
Ing and his left leg was so badly crushed
that amputation was found necessary.
Dr. Downing performed the operation
severing the man's leg about four inches
below the thigh. .Mr. Jones, who was a
resident of Oakland and about 25 years
of age, had been at work during the day
on an extra work train. The engine was
being put Away, and as he was trying to
pet on his foot caught between the guard
rai". and the main rail, throwing him
under the wheels. The Injured man was
taken to the railroad hospital In San
Francisco, where he died a few hours
later.
Guardsmen in Camp.
MARYSVILLE. Oct. 11.— The Second
Infantry Regiment. N. G. C, went Into
quarters at Camp Seamans, at the race
track, for a three days' sojourn, under
command of Colonel H. I. Seymour, this
evening. In company with the Second
Regiment are Troop B. cavalry Secra
mento. Captain Kay: the signal corps of
the Third Brigade, the hospital corps and
the Second Regiment band of twenty-four
pieces. Brigadier General M. W. Muller,
commanding ihe Third Brigade, and staff
and Adjutant General Seamans accom
panied the soldiers,, to this city. A grand
ball will be tendered the visiting guards
men by the citizens to-morrow night.
Mill Sands Organizing.
STOCKTON, Oct. ll.-Stockton mill
hands and carpenters to-night took the
initiative action for the organization of a
union here to a till late with the San Fran
cisco organization and fix eight hours for
a day's labor. . The called meeting was
well attended and further action will be
taken on Sunday, when an organizer will
be here from San Francisco to fully ex
plain the benefits of the association of
millmen and carpenters. One mill here
has adopted the eight-hour rule and tho
others' will be called upon to do so by the
union as soon as It Is formed.
, .. . . .
New Steamer Line.
. VANCOUVER. B. C.. Oct. ll.-There
seems to be a: reasonable prospect of the
early establishment of another direct line
of steamers between Vancouver and
Skaguay.^ The Mclvors, who own part of
the stock in the Cunard line, are said to
be. backing the project which contem
plates the purchase of steamers, one to
run exclusively between Vancouver Vic
toria and Skaguay, and another steamer
with American register to run from Se
attle and call at Vancouver en route.- -i
DARING THIEVES
LOOT A MAIL SACK
THE openingr of the regular season
at the California Theater will be
gin next Sunday afternoon with
the presentation of a "new. novel
and mystical comedy" entitled "A
Hindoo Hoodoo." to be given by/ the %VhIt
ing & Willis company of comedians,
which includes .clever Anna Boyd, Mattle
Lockette. George Larsen and others.
"A Hindoo Hoodoo," to put it briefly,
is a sort of transcendental mix-up, in
which an amateur mahatma, after suc
cessfully assisting at the transmigration
of two masculine souls to another and
better land for a short season, forpcts the
recipe when the celestial adventurers'
earthly ticket-of-)eave has expired but
remembers enough to succeed finally in
returning the wandering souls to the
wrong bodies. The complications, of
course, are endless and the possibilities
unlimited, and it is understood they have
been taken fullest advantape of by the
author of "A Hindoo Hoodoo."
Miss Boyd is happily cast as the wife of
one of these gentlemen who lead a double
life in spite of themselves.
MISS ANNA BOYD OF THE HINDOO HOODOO COMPANY SEEMS IN
AN ATTITUDE OF EXPECTATION. BUT SHE IS I1EALLV ONLY
POSING PRETTILY FOR HER PHOTOGRAPH.
him and punched him in the ribs and
howled ecstatically.
Then came the looking- at watches.
Stoll made it 47 1-5 seconds. Wendell
4(5 4-5 second, Deijes and Week." 47 seconds
flat each. Under the Amateur Athletic
Union rules the average was accepted and
the time stands recorded at 47 seconds
flat.
That means that Long is seven and a
quarter yards faster, m the quarter mile
than Wendell Baker, the Harvard man,
who made a record fourteen years ago.
which it was supposed no one could
ever equal. . -
Positive That They Are
the Ones He Sold.
Facial Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. Oct. 11.— William
Mitchell was the chief witness to-day in
th« case of Caeser Ehlt-rp. charged with
complicity In the murder of Mrs. Mitchell
and David Mitchell near Colma on July I.
Ills testimony was as follows:
"At <> o'clock on the night of the murder
1 was fining on the su-ps of my hen
rouse. My wife was sitting in the house
by the window. David had been .down be
low feeding the hogs. My attention was
called by my wife to a man on my place.
1 west dbwn ar.d saw it was Albert Ga
gen, a man whu ufctd to work for Mrs.
linsand. l'nc man then went away and 1
¦*cnt back to lile a saw. I gave the saw
to Dave and told him to try it, and to get
fom« water for the night. Dave took the
suw aji<l a can and started away from the
ptace. lie was gone a minuie or a minute
*nd a haif wnen i ht-ard a report like a
lujge- s;zeu tireeracKer. Immediately alter
1 ntara anotner report liKe a ride, 'men
1 nt-ard ijave honor "Oh:' 1 Jumped up
t: J oii\\ xn> Doy reel and fail uy me pig
X-cn. My wife? came running out and w<
uent to wnen i^.. sun was. btanding at
his feet she asued me, "i-'apa, who shut
ljavc-r 1 pointt-d out to two men at Iin
fand's window and said, 'Tnem two men
inerf.'
"1 t=aw Ehlers, the defendant here, at
the window uiih his Title on the t-dge of
the window. 1 saw him discharge his
tun, and then my wife said, *.t*ai>a, I'm
ehot, I'm dying." I caught htr and eased
her to the ground and said: 'Mamma,
con't I wijl go and get my rifle.'
"l>ook:r.g at the window ot' tne Imsand
house 1 taw Lcmascher and Ehlers stand
ing thtre. I was standing, stooping over
n:y boy, and my wife was standing at his
f«-et wnen phe vcas shot. 1 had Just point
ed the men out to her. I had no difficulty
In recognizing the men. I ran to the house .
to get my rine and another shot -was fired.
The bullet struck my Iwy's dog and killed
it. I reached the house and got my rifle
and started out. They commenced firing
«r.d 1 went back again, where 1 stayed till
cark. I then maae my way to the Mis-,
s.on road, where I met a young fellow
v/ith a dying horse. I asked him to go to
Colma and telephone to the Sheriff that',
some men had. murdered my wITe and ;
boy."
Upon cross-examination the witness tes
tified: "Caesar Ehlers Js the man who
was standing at the window and shot my
¦wife down deed. I am positive of that."
J. Bachman. a gunsmith in San Fran
cisco, testified that on July 3 Frank
L*-mascher ar>d another man purchased
two 32-40 Winchester rifles from him. They
were similar to those found in Imsand's
shod.
Bachman, the Gunsmith, Examines
the Blfles, but Says He Is Not
Tells tbe Story of the Mur
der of His Wife 'and
Son at Colma.
THE IDENTIFICATION IS POSITIVE
MITCHELL SAYS
EHLERS FIEED
THE FATAL SHOT
Carr Addresses Republicans.
FRESNO. Oct. ll.-Clark E. Carr, Min
ister to Denmark under President' Harri
pon. who has been touring Southern Cali
fornia for McKinley and Roosevelt, spoke
in Fresno to-night to an audience of 400
people. His address was enthusiastically
received by the audience, which was fully
In sympathy with him, and especially in
his talk on the tariff. He spoke particu
larly of the effect of the tariff changes
on the national prosperity and on the
credit that should go to McKinley for his
financial administration. He also spoke
on imperialism.
Alford Addresses Democrats.
CHICO, Oct. 11.— Hon. William H. Alford
addressed a large political gathering hers
to-nigrht, the rally being under the aus
pices of the Chlco Democratic Club. Air.
Alford, who is an eloquent speaker, dwelt
at length upon expansion and Imperialism.
The meeting closed with three cheers for
Bryan and Stevenson. ...»
Democrats at Oakdale. v
OAKDALE, Oct. 11.— The first Demo
cratic meeting of the campaign was held
In Oakdale this evening. W. M. Gibson of
San Francisco was the principal speaker.
He ably touched on the issues of the cam
paign. E. I* Barkis presided. L. "W.
Fulkerth and C. W. Eastln of Modesto
and M. A. Lewis of Oakdale also spoke.
Congressional ; Nominee Closes His
Campaign of Calaveras County.
SAN ANDREAS, Oct. 11.— Sam D.
Woods. Republican candidate for Congress
In this district, concluded his campaign In
Calaveras County to-night with an ad
dress in Metropolitan Hall on the issues
of the campaign. The meeting was pre
sided over by Krank J. Solinsky. a leading
attorney of San Andreas, and the pro
gramme' included brief talks by. V?. C.
Ralston, president of the California State
Miners 1 Association, and State Senator
Davis of Amador. The addresses were re
ceived with repeated applause, and at the
conclusion of the meeting Mr. Woods was
met by scores of mining men who prom
ised him their support. Mr. Woods leaves
in the morning for Gait, where he will
speak In the evening.
¦ * ? ¦ -
Indorsed by Democrats.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 11.— Ell .. Wright, the
Good Government League nominee for
Assemblyman in the Fifty-fourth District,
has-been Indorsed by. the -Democratic
County Central Committee. The vacancy
on the Democratic ticket arose from the
resignation of F. D. Wills of Palo Alto,
who was nominated by the Democrats.
WOODS AT SAN ANDREAS.
Is Interested in Silver Mines and
Favors the Nebraskan. .
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 11.— Democrats of this
city are delighted to-day over the fact
that the roll of the local Bryan club was
swelled by the advent of Jesse R. Grant,
the youngest son of former President
Grant. He arrived recently from Arizona,
where he Is considerably Interested in
mines of both gold and silver. Four years
ago he came out for free silver, and ¦while
he has taken but little part in the present
campaign it was largely because he was
out of the city since tne campaign*opened.
In aid of the cause to which he. has be
come devoted fhrough being first a. Popu
list and now a Democrat, he made a gen
erous donation to State Central Commlt
teeman J. H. McCarthy, to be used in the
formation of Brvan" campaign clubs
throughout this county. •
LOS ANGELKS, Oct. 11.— Clyde Bishop,
secretary of the Orange County Demo
cratic Committee and a prominent orange
grower In the Santa Ana Valley, has re
signed his position on the committee. In
his letter of resignation Mr. Bishop an
nounces that he will vote for William Mc-
Klnley for President.
He gives as his reason Bryan's anti-ex
pansion theories and attitude on the Phil
ippine question. He says that when a
man of Bryan's reputed Intelligence says
that the United States has no constitu
tional rights in the Philippines he cannot
support him.
Bishop is a young man and a good
speaker. To-day he consented to act aa
chairman of the Republican rally Satur
day night in Santa Ana. At this meeting
Governor Gage will sneak. •
GRANT JOINS BRYAN CLUB.
Cannot Stand for the Nebraskan's
• Anti-Expansion Theories and
? His Expressed Views on
Philippine Question.
Special DUpateh to The Call.
DISAGREES WITH BRYAMTES
Was Secretary or Orange
County Democratic -
Committee.
CLYDE BISHOP
INTENDS TO VOTE
FOR McKINLEY
The chances are that the whole partv
would have been drowned had not Guard*
Crandal and Jones long before realized
the perilous position of the boat wh.>n
the party was first noticed as being in
distress. Jones and Crandal, without ;i
word, ran a good mile down to the point.
where they procured a heavy fishing boat
from John George.
It was the only boat that would star!
the weather and they pot It. They ma<\*
their way as best as they could arour.J
the point and saw the capsized craft ami
five men struggling; In the water. Rp
doubling their efforts, they reached th<>
scene in time to rescue the whol» party.
Had their arrival been delayed many min
utes longer several drownlngs would hav»
occurred. After being cared for and drv
clothing obtained the men seemed Iitt!«»
the worse for their experience. ' They all
have blistered hands and Jaynes is bruis
ed considerably.
This afternoon Sergeant Charles Gulli
ver, John Connell and Horace Joynes to< k
a small boat from the prison wharf an 1
started for a sail. A Btift breeze *-a*
blowing and the party made a rapid run
to Greenbrae; then they started bark.
working their way against a heavy wind.
Squalls came In blasts and a. half dozen
times they were nearly upset anc! several
times their boat was caught in tfe trough
of the sea and the anxious sp<;c:a.tor3 on
shore almost gave up hope.
The men battled with the w1r.<1 a~,t
waves successfully until they cane to thu
deep channel off the prison cemetery
Here the tide and high running wav^a
were too much for the small boat svr '. sh»
keeled over, throwing out Into th» water
the almost exhausted men who for ntarly
half an hour had battled for their live*.
As soon aa the boat capsized two men
rushed from the crowd of spectators as
sembled on shore and, stripping off a f>w
of their outer garments, plunged Into the
eurfl- and boldly struck out" toward their
drowning comrades. They were Jeremiah
Sheeny and Guard McCabe. They ntwr
faltered until their hands rested on the
imperiled boat ' crew. McCabe seized
Jaynes, who was almost exhausted, am!
supported him above the water; Sneeh;/
did the same to Gulliver, while Connp'.l
was fortunate enough to have secured a
hold on the drifting boat.
SAX RAFAEL, Oct. U.-Three State
prison guards struggling from under a
capsized boat a hundred yards eft Ceme
tery Point on San Quentin Bay. their
prompt and gallant rescue by four ipjards
and comrades from the swift and eddy
ing tide is the story of the riay'a happen
ings proudly told by the prison officials
to-night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Boat Is Capsized by a Squall and the
Tired Men Struggle in the
Water for Half an
Hour.
ARE RESCUED BY COMRADES
Narrowly Escape 'Death by
Drowning Oil Ceme
tery Point.
PRISON GUARDS
BATTLE WITH
ANGRY WAVES
> ¦ * - -
MAXWELL E. LONG, a student
at. Columbia University, is the
fastest runner on top of earth.
He pioved his title last week on
the old Guttenburg racetrack,
when, under the sanction of the Amateur
Athletic Union, he made a trial against
the world's record of 47% seconds for 440
yards, made at Beacon Park, Boston. In
1SS6, by Wendell Baker of Harvard. The
trial was suggested by New York Athletic
Club officials after 'Long had beaten Lon
Myers' circular track record of 4$% sec
onds for the distance.
In th« trial he was paced by W. D. Ed
jvards of the Pastime Athletic Club, who
was set ten yards ahead. 'In the New
York World was given the following de
scription of the trial:
"Ready," cried Starter G'anninl. There
was a half-second of intense expectancy,
then the pistol flashed and the two run
ners bounded away like hunted stags.
Long got into his stride at once, his head
hold well up, his nturdy body slightly for
ward, his long legs flying In great leaps,
the knees thrown well up and reaching
out as if to devour space..' Edwards ran
well, but beforv he had traveled one hun
dred yards Lonjj had passed him as a lim
ited express passes a coal train.
The intention^ was ~ to ha Ve^ Edwards
"carry" Long half the distance,, but the
champion lost him so soon that he ran at
lea.st 120 yards alone. Then, at the 220
yard mark, ho picked up P. J. Walsh of
the New York Athletic Club, who. was to
pace him through to the end.
Long's stride seemed as long and high
and free as ever, but he did not pass
Walsh. The pacemaker kept a half-stride
In advance of the »hamplon. and as he
ran he kept saying: "Now, Maxey. let her
go; it's only a few yards further. Let
her go!"
Maxey needed no encouragement. He
dashed along with as beautiful a stride
and as fine a judgment of distance as the
athletic world ever saw. He went past
the 350-yard mark in 36 2-5 seconds, com
ing within one-fifth of a second of the
world's record. Then ho let out a few
links of speed and traveled the next fifty
yard8 as if hi3 whole effort were made
right there. It was a marvelous burst of
speed.
The • crowd yelled and shrieked. No
such running had ever been seen since
mankind learned to travel on two legs.
Like an arrow or a bullet sped tne cham
pion. He passed the 400-yard mark in
42 1-5 seconds. In other words, he ran
his seventh stretch of fifty yards uphill
In 5 4-5 seconds, a feat marvelous and un
paralleled.
This great effort tired Long a littla.
His mouth opened, his head went back n
trifle, and for a fraction of a second his
legs seemed to waver. But it was only
for a moment. He gathered himself in
stantly and ran out the, last forty yards
In 4 4-5 seconds.
He. was going strong as 'ever and h«
mad© half a dozen strides before he began
to slow his speed. Then' he easily pulled
up and stood there panting and smiling,
while all the athletes and good old has
beens ran at him and yelled and 6lappea
him on the back and put necklocks on
FASTEST OF ALL RUNNERS
ON THE FACE OF EARTH
Sprinter Long' of Colombia University Smashes the
Record for 440 Yards on Guttenbiarg Track.
WILL OPEN THE SEASON
WITH A " HI NDOO HOODOO"
California Theater to-' Ceive Into tlhe Mystic to
Furnish Fun for Its Patrons.* ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1900.
A YOUNG ATHLETE WHO
PROVES HIS PROWESS AS A
RUNNER.
4
ADVERTISlTM"rTTTTS.
j If you generally pay about $2.50 for a hat. we can interest vou
i with ours for $i.q.s. because the hat we sell for $1.95 equals the usnat s
j $2.50 article such as vou mijdit buy in any exclusive hat store. We
I have these hats in three shapes — Derbys in brown, melton mixed.
oxford and black: Fedoras and Graecos in the same colors, and also I
pearl; any of the three styles,-
i We take the remnants from our tailoring department and make
I this cloth into Rolf caps — as the material would otherwise be a waste;
: we charge you only for th« making,
15c each, 2 for 25c.
; Out-of-town orders filled— write U9«
718 Market Street.
LADD'S GUN STORE, ,-BAJACAHFORNIA
'^jgmmsaBmai Damiana Bitter s
sMBJ^BSsaaffiy is a great restorative, invigoiia-
¦2jSj|^^P*^^^~T, *tor and N>rvlne.
wS^^^ » r., i, Kearny St.. 8. F.. for The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
?^-7 1-ishlns Tackle and Sporting Tonic for the Sexual Organs tor both sexes.
th. p.h«» rv,..T -? The lar *e«t «tock on The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
cent. l£ i£>.lS?«im er T d *» crl P"°n- Send 3 ncya and Bladder. Sells en Its own rnarlU.
mSstriteS^ataToMe S"« f °7 tha Ule-t *>-***• NABER. ALFS & BBUNE. Agaata.
illustrates catalogue. No. *. «3S Mark»t St.. S. P.— tSend tor Clremar.)
**¦-.' v ~ ;" " ¦ -•; : ¦ • .•¦--¦ .m ........
The latest and best march
ever printed.
Made a great hit in the
East.
Get it while it is new.
! Free with next Sunday's
CalLsuch as has seldom If ever before been
seen in the bay of San Francisco. From
the Pacific-street wharf and adjacent ones
almost eve*~- one responded to the flutter
of the flags on board by waving handker
chiefs. A long, shrill blast from the
steamer's whistle as she passed out of
view of those on the wharves w#s "good
by all" from those who had started on
a round of uninterrupted pleasure that
has been programmed for sea and shore.
Before 9 o'clock In the forenoon the pil
grims wended their way to the steamer
to arrange their belongings in the quar
ters assigned to them. Then came hun
dreds upon hundreds to bid them a fond
farewell and to take a daylight view of
the ship and its -rettily decorated cabin
and dining salon. A feature that attract
ed the attention of the visitors was that
the emblem of the Shriners appeared on
almost everything in sight. It was even
painted on the panels of the. pianos. Ev
ery pilgrim wore a white cap with gold
braid, with the scimitar and crescent on
the front, while the members of the com
mittee wore a red badge, at the end of
which was a piece of rope, emblematic of
the injunction which is whispered into
the ear of the novitiate as he enters the
temple of the Shriners. In the dining
hall were great floral pieces that added
to the charm of the place. For a time it
was hurry and bustle on all sides on the
decks, a rush and a crush to reach friends
and relatives to say a last farewell. That
was kept up until the whistle sounded
the warning to all who ¦were not of the
pilgrims to go ashore. As the gang plank
¦was drawn some one threw a rope to Po
tentate R. L. Hurlbut with the injunction,
gramme for the first day will give an
idea of the character of the musical treat.
Afternoon — Overture, "Orpheus"- (Offenbach);
Spanish Intermezzo, "Salome" (Loraine); con-
Cert waltz. "Wiener Blut" (Strauss); solo for
cornet, selected, George W. Bennett; collection
of DODular songs (Witmark); march, "Moslem
Herald" (Bennett). Evening— Overture, "Hun
garian LustsDiel" (Keler Bela); Intermezzo,
"Cavalleiia Rusticann" (Mascagnl); Cakewalk,
"Cotton Blossoms" (Hall); quartet from "Rl
goletto" (Verdi); patrol, "American" (Meach
am); march, "The Oregon" (Mattingly).
The vessel is under command of Cap
tain Thomas Dowdell, one of the most
able and genial masters who ever took a
ship out of the bay of San Francisco. I He,
of course, has a set of competent officers
under him and a good crew, but in case
of emergency he will be assisted by an
organization on board styled the "An
cient Mariners," or "The Mystic 101," of
which the following named are the offi
cers:
R. P. Hurlbut. Chief Shellback; B. D. Pike.
Vice Chief Shellback; A. F. Gunn. keeper of
tho locker; George F. Neal, sky pilot; Thomas
H. Browne, extraordinary sailor; J. Alfred
Marsh, able seaman; James G. Spauldlng, cap
tain of marines; J. H. Goldman, yardarm look
out, jj
These are likewise the executive officers
of the pilgrimage commute*.
THE CALL CARTOONIST'S DREAM
OF THE SHRINERS 1 GREAT. PIL
GRIMAGE.
The gallant steamer was decked from
stem to stern and from truck to tafCrail
with gay colored signals, while the em
blem of the Shriners proudly floated from
the fore peak and the glorious stars and
stripes swung out in the breeze at the
stern. As she rounded the end of the
.dock and moved for the Golden Gate a
band ashore played the "Star Spangled
Banner." and those on board waved hun
dreds of small silk American "flags and
cheered. A moving picture was presented
MASONIC GRAUD IX5DGE.
tees Are Appointed.
One Salary Is Increased and Commit-
At the second session of the Grand
Lodge of the Fiee and Accepted Masons
yesterday it was reported that during the
year two 4 charters were granted, one to
Santa Maria rnd the other to Esperanza
lodge. The salary of the grand lecturer
was increased tc $?¦» and expenses, but a
proposition to increase his salary In such
a sum as to enable him to devote all his
time to the office failed to carry. The fol
lowing additional committees were named-
Jurisprudence— E. M. Preston, H. M
Renckef, William Johnston. James B. Ste
venson and F. M. Angellotti; finance— E.
Peabody, E. S. Valentine. E. E. Stone, %V.
E. Lutz and J. W. Martin: correspond
ence—\V. A. Davles. J. P. Greeley, C. M.
Belshaw. J. E. Rathburn and C. P. Berry
prievances— F. K. Lippitt. Stanley A.
Smith, G. W. Hunter. E. Sweeney a"nd J.
M. Troutt; returns — C. W. Pendfeton G.
W. Monroe. Percival S. King, J. D. Pill«
tanr and S. B. Ferg-uson; pay of members
— C. W. Nutting. A. Stevens. \V. Kettner.
M. H. Flint and F. E. Hunnewe 1; auditing
— H. Burner. T. Kyle. G. K. White and H.
Ascroft: charity fund — W. E. Sloan R
Lowe. J. A. Laughton, C. J. Monroe and
W. H. Sifford.
To-nipht Yerba Buena Lodge of Perfec
tion will confer th*> fourth, fifth and sixth
degrees on thirty-five candidates who are
among the representatives of the Grand
Lodpe, and to-ir.orrow the ninth and four
teenth will be conferred. At the close of
the work there will be a reunion and ban
quet.
Justices Go On th.e Ticket.
City Attorney Lane informed the Elec
tion Com mission yesterday that the ab
sence from the Governor's proclamation
of the office of Justice of the Peace In the
call for an election does not In any way
effect the duty ol the commission to place
jhe r.ames of candidates for Justice of the
Peace upon the ballot, and he advises that
this be done. Lane says he is not pre
pared to agree that under various provis
ions of the law the term of Justice Is now
four years.
Violet Brooks Convicted.
Violet Brooks, who on May 22 last stole
$35 from R. T. Clifton, was convicted on
a charge of grand larceny in Judge
Dunne's court yesterday. Herbert K.
Rynes, Violet Brooks' companion, is now
In San Quentln through being an acces
sory to the crime.
Stole a Letter of Credit.
David Manuel, a recent arrival from
Australia, last evening met Frank Dra
peau. a young man. who consented to
phow him the risrhts. After visiting sev
eral places Manuel, finding himself short
"Hold on to the rope." He did so until It
was p»yed out It* full length, when some
one cut It, and the potentate jovousiy
held It aloft, calling out to those on the
wharf through a ribboned megaphone,
"I'm still holding: on to the rope.'
Before the steamer left the dock Noble
George F. Neal issued tho first number of
the Moslem Herald, a very neat publica
tion that will be printed on the vessel ev
ery day. This will give a dally account
of the voyage and will be a. very Interest
ing souvenir thereof. During the trip
there will be music every afternoon and
evening by Bennett's orchestra. The pro-
EVERT vessel in the bay that had
Fteam up blew a whistle and ev
ery person of the thousands on
Pacific-street wharf who could
cheer or call out "good-by, good
luck to you." did so as the gayly decor
rated steamer Zealandla backed out of
her berth at 12:30 o'clock yesterday after
noon and turned toward the Gate to be-
Kin her voyage to the Hawaiian Islands,
carrying a number of nobles of the An
cient Arabic Order of the Mystic Shrine
and their wives and lady relatives, who
are to be pone on a three weeks* pilgrim
age to the Paradise of the Pacific.
GKeers, Wav?ir\g Flags ar\d Music Mark
of tKe Pilgrims for J4aWaiiar\ Islands.
Rev. \V. \V. Logan of Los Angeles was
elected moderator for the ensuing term.
In a. few brief remark? he declared that
the coming year would be a busy one and
would offer many opportunities for mis
ticn work. •
The evening programme was; Opening
sermon of the synod of California, Rev.
II. C White of Fowler; organization of
synod by the retiring moderator. Rev.
CJecrge MeCormick, DJ).. of Salinas; pre
sentation of papers and matters requiring
reference.
Tho afternoon session took the form of a
meeting of tne .Presbyterian Voungr i*eo~
ule'e Society cf Christian Endeavor, Rev.
W. E. Dugan of San Francisco presiding.
The theme of the afternoon was "The
Onward Sweep of the Young- People's
Movement." Hev. S. J. Shaw of San Di
ego ppeke first on "Our Present Bear
ings." He was followed by Rev. C. J.
Hanlev of Fiesno en "Our Perils." Miss
Jean Lauristcn of San Jose spoke on "A
Kri^f Review of the Year's Work," and
Rev. H. C. White of Fowler spoke on
"Plans for the Coming Year." These ad
dresses were followed by a, general dis
cussion, an offering; for the Indian famine
sufferers and a social half hour.
The second day's session of the United
Presbyterian Presbytery opened yester
day morniKK with a business meeting. It
was deciued to allow J4 ( .i00 for the Fresno
mission and Z'/M for repairs on the church
at Sun Jos-e. A new man will be assigned
to the work In Alameda to take the place
of Rev. W. H. Fulton, who has been com
pelled to go East, and a new man. Rev.
Paul Stewart of Spring Hill. Ind., will be
assigned to Oakia_nd. He will preach his
iir«-i sermon November IS. Reports from
the various churches of the city were re
ceived. They showed the denominations
to be in excellent condition in every way.
Honey Voted to Assist in the In
terior Counties — Sleeting of
Young People's
Society.
Second Day's Session of the
United Ministers in
First Church.
AIDING WORK OF
THE PRESBYTERY
GAYLY THE SHRINERS SAIL
FOR PARADISE OF PACIFIC
At 9 o'clock, and .not before, will the bank
rupt sale of shoes: start: 1000 pairs of la
dles' fine kid shoes, worth $2.50,' for $1.00 a
pair.' Also 1000 pairs of men's calf, shoes,
worth $2.50. for $1.25 a pair at , the bank
rupt sale of the " California Shoe Co., 1506
Market street, above City Hall avenue. •
To-morrow Morning
OWNERS THE PERSONS
THAT SHOULD BE ABBESTED
Real ¦ estate agents who were arrested
for violating the new "cellar" ordinance,
aimed chiefly at prohibiting Chinese from
sleeping in cellars and basements of
houses in Chinatown,: appeared before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday. They are John
Fairchlld. J. T. Hannes. H. W. Stowe. L.
C. Babln and W. J. Laeza. They were
represented by Attorneys J. C. Campbell,
G. D. Shadburne and John G. Bennett.
The point was raised that the owners
and not the agents of. the buildings were
responsible under the ordinance. It was
also urged that the leases had been made
out before the passing of the ordinance,
which .was not retroactive. Attorney
Campbell in his argument alleged that the
Board of Health was overriding the law
in" passing such an ordinance.
The Judge considered the points well
taken and dismissed the cases, but re
marked that his doing so would not Im
pair the validity of the ordinance. He
thought that the men who had personal
control of the houses were the proper per
sons to be arrested.
cently divorced from his wife, got mad
Wednesday night as he brooded over his
troubles and started to drink. The more
he drank the madder he got, and he deter
mined to visit his divorced wife on-Cen
tral avenue and have It out with her for
securing the divorce.
When he reached the house, after 10
o'clock, he found the door locked. He
knocked loudly, but no one answered. He
went to the street, picked up a rock and
threw it at the house. The rock crashed
through a window and struck Miss Ldllie
Knott, a young lady who resides in the
house. The crash 'was heard by Police
men Dunn and Mylar, and they arrested
Holden on charges of disturbing the peace
and malicious mischief. » '¦¦¦>¦¦ ¦
The cases were called in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday, but neither the complain
ing witness. Miss Knott, nor the arresting
officers appeared. The Judge continued
the cases till to-day and fixed Holden's
bail at $10 on each charge. '
Holden told the Judge that he threw the
stone at the gate.' It struck the top of
the gate, caromed and went through the
window.
Andrew Holden " Charged With Ma
licious Mischief and Disturb
ing the Peace.
Andrew Holden. a plumber, who was re-
SOTJOHT TEOTJBIiE WITH
HIS DIVOBCED WIFE
According to an official of the company
the quarantine officer's methods have had
the effect of diverting business to Van
couver. "In addition to this," said th9
official, "mails have been delayed and
local merchants have had to suffer."
The Merchants' Association will also
take up the matter and all of these Com
plaints are likely to be strengthened by
a sharp letter from the Southern Pacific
Company, which has felt to no small ex
tent the ill effects of Kinyounism.
which Is closely associated with the Ma
rine Hospital service.
Chamber of Commerce and British Consul
Will Ask Removal of Quarantine Officer.
"A repetition of the scenes that were
enacted aboard the Coptic must be avoid
ed, and nothing but the removal of Kin
youn will insure reform," said a member
of the Chamber of Commerce yesterday.
"If our committee finds that this man has
overstepped his bounds," he added, "then
we shall not hesitate to demand his dis
missal or transfer by the Washington
authorities." *
The Chamber of Commerce trustees
have taken up the matter at the urgent
request of several i of the members. A
special committee /has been named and
the members are now investigating tho
charges made against Kinyoun. If found
to be true a complaint will be filed with
Surgeon General Wyman of the Marine
Hospital service, from whom Kinyoun
takes his orders. • ¦
; The British Consul in this city, W. Clay
ton Plckersgill, is also likely to take some
action in the matter. A number of British
subjects who were victims of Kinyoun'a
recent indignities have personally . ap
pealed to the Consul to take a hand in the
affair, and It is understood he has ¦ writ
ten to the British ¦ Embassador in Wash
ington, who, in turn, will ' transmit . the
complaint to the. Treasury Department.,
The San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, the Merchants' Association and hi
all probability the British Consul are to
take a hand In the matter of Dr. Kinyoun,
Federal quarantine officer in this port.
Since the recent humiliating episode on
board the steamship Coptic, when pas
sengers were subjected to the grossest In
decencies, the feeling against- the doctor
and his brutal methods has been intensi
fied by complaints from merchants whose
business has suffered by reason "of delays
In the mall, attributed directly to Kin
youn.
KINYOUN'S DAYS ON THE
COAST ARE NUMBERED
Newsboys Restricted.
Newsboys will not be permitted to Jump
on and off street cars in the pursuit of
their daily vocation. At the request of
Secretary M. J White of .the Humana
Society the railroad company has decided
to post notices on their cars prohibiting
the youngsters from endangering their
11 VPS.
Hospital bulletins contain the news ot
the weak.
In explanation of why he carried the
revolver with which he did the shooting
Cole says that the night previous he met
a stranger, who, after giving him a knock
out drop, robbed him of $45. . Anxious to
be revenged, he borrowed the pistol from
a friend. Intending to compel the fellow
to give him back his money. After being
released from prison for visiting an opium
joint he went to his room, and, finding
Fallon making love to his female consort,
he called him down. Fallon, he says,
tried to stab him, and in self-defense he
shot his assailant.
Cole will plead self-defense. He claims
that when he accused Fallon of being too
friendly with his female consort his rival
drew a knife and threatened to make him
a subject for the Coroner. Then, Cole
says, he whipped out his revolver and
shot Fallon. Immediately after the Bhoot
lng he left the city, and after some diffi
culty got as far as Yolo, where he stopped
in the Chinatown to purchase some
opium. Detective Fisher had seen him on
the train, and when he learned Cole was
wanted he went after him. finding him In
Yolo, semi-unconscious from the opium he
had been smoking. P'allon was at once
arrested and taken to the Sacramento
jail.
Curley Cole, the opium fiend who shot
and seriously wounded "Tom" Fallon in
"Billy" Abbott's lodging-house several
days ago and was arrested in Sacramento,
was brought back last evening by Detec
tive Harry Reynolds. He was at once
taken to the City Prison and charged with
an assault to murder.
Locks of hair that in the world of art are called Titian, but in army barracks entitle the wearer to the name of
"Brick," soon littered the floor. Occasionally a curl of raven black appeared and not infrequently' a lock of the kind
known as "tow." Bold troopers entered the shop veritable Buffalo Bills and Captain Jack Crawfords in appearance
and emerged greatly resembling a tlcket-of-leave man. The shorn soldiers were a disconsolate appearing lot aa they
sat around the verandas of the hospital, even the tender, svmpathetic words of the nurses falling to cheer them"
"What's the use of being a sick soldier," said one whose head bore a close resemblance to a billiard ball, "if you
can't wear your hair long." Reason for his remark was made evident by the look of pained surprise on the'handsome
face of a young lady who just then appeared in the ward. His only solace was the knowledge that the "other fel
low" in the next ward had been treated likewise. i
All day long the only sounds that were distinctly audible around the hospital were the cry of "Next" and the
monotonous snip of the. shears. With each clip beautiful curls or wavy locks, that had by careful manipulation been
trained to stay "Just so" on the brow of a gallant boy in blue, fell to the floor. As the number of 10-cent "tags" In
creased the look of apprehension on t»ie face of the barber had given way to a. fiendish grin.
"All hands to the barber shop" is the new call now being set to music by the bugler at the General Hospital
Presidio. Early yesterday morning the strange call echoed and; re-echoed through the wards and corridors of the hos-^
pital. When the sound of the last note had died away, strange and startling were the scenes beean to be enacted
From out the various wards issued boys in blue, some on crutches, some on invalid chairs and others being helped
along by their ward masters.
The reason for all this strange parade of sick and wounded soldiers was an order Issued by Colonel Girard that the
patients must content themselves with the amount of hair allowed by army regulations, as the present invalid style of
long hair was "unhealthy and unmllltary-"
"Stand off the barber, but get it cut," said the colonel, and like brave soldiers that they are they obeyed orders.
The lugubrious look on the face of the dusky wielder of the razor and shears was an assurance that the hospital na
tlents were obeying the order literally.
FALLOW DREW A
KNIFE, SAYS COLE
He Declares That His Vic
tim First Attacked
Him.
The chances of the Risdon Company se
curing a contract for one or more of the
new vessels is considered extremely good.
If the Pacific Ocean is to become an
American ; lake the naval forces of the
Government will have to be increased
many times. It is at present .totally inad
equate and the necessary Increase has to
be drawn- from the Atlantic squadrons.
For this reason it is understood that the
Naval Department is disposed to assist In
building up a strong concern whose abun
dant facilities would not only permit a
rapid construction of vessels, but at the
same time act as a needed competitor to
the strong pretensions ; of the Scotts.
The -Union Iron . Works now, employs
about 4500 workmen and the Risdon Com
pany about 2000. In the event of the latter' s
success in securing * Government con
tracts the Potrero can rely upon an imme
diate Increase to double its present popu
lation.^ . :'¦>--.: ¦ ;.'-'
On November 15, when bids are opened
at the Naval Department. Washington,
for the construction of battleships, cruis
ers and other war craft, the great ship
building concerns of the country will find
themselves confronted with a new and
formidable opponent from the Pacific
Coast. The Risdon Iron Works, the old
est iron manufacturing firm in San Fran
cisco and, ¦with one exception, the largest,
has had a force of experts at Washington
for some weeks who have been examining
the plans of, the new ships, and the Ris
don Company proposes to submit bids to
secure contracts to construct Just as many
of the new vessels as it is possible to
undertake. The success of the Risdon
Company means much to every interest
on the coast, especially to the. interest of
labor. Every additional ship secures em
ployment of at least a thousand mechan
ics, as 70 per cent of the cost of a Govern
ment vessel is represented by this amount
paid for labor.
By the purchase of the Pacific Rolling
Mills, wltn the thirty acres of ground
covered • by machine-shops, furnaces,
foundries and rolling mills and with a
thousand feet of frontage, on deep water,
the Risdon Company acquired the finest
plant for the building of warships on this
or any other coast. It will make its own
steel castings, no matter what dimensions
they may be, and eventually will erect a
plant for roiring armor-plates by which
it will become independent of Eastern
monopolists. • :" * ¦
The site of a great drydock has already
been chosen, and the work of constructing
It will soon commence. In a year's time
the present establishment of the Risdon
Company will be abandoned and the men
and works concentrated at the Potrero.
The population of that industrial section
will be more than doubled. :'..,:.
The Risdon Iron Works Is
Planning Operations on
a Large Scale.
BIG BOOM FOR
BUSY POTRERO
of funds, produced a letter of credit and
asked Drapeau If he would Identify him,
bo that he could obtain some money on
it. Drapeau took him to the California
Hotel, and after being given the letter of
credit Bklpped through the ladies' en
trance. Manuel followed him. but being
unable to overtake him summoned two
police officers. After a chase of several
blocks they overtook Drapeau and took
him into custody. At the City Prison he
was charged with grand larceny.
Colonel Girard Issues a "Hair-Cut" Order That Creates Mild
Consternation Among Warrior Patients.
BUGLE CALL SUMMONS SICK SOLDIERS
TO GENERAL HOSPITAL BARBER SHOP
. ¦ -.¦¦.-. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1900.
5
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
$ (Qt See Our Special Advertisement in Saturday Papers "^} §
\All Sheet Music c SfBBE B" &§ {&&&!§& ij 9 i%M e are sole a S en^ s f° r :!
$ prices, songs as ip*^ o w e BiftCteBa^aki^S Monarch :|
K SOOtl as tSSlied. California's largest—America's grandest store. GtOVeSm >
| __ — %
I Men's Cutaway Suits One-Quarter Off. fjjn |
* Boys' $3.45 and $3.95 2-Piece Suits. $2.65. g> fn» >
|? Your unreserved choice" of any $15.00 Cutaway Frock Suit in our clothing de- Y^f 5
* partment, on Friday and Saturday only, at one-quarter oft '• All-wool J^ /^yf*^* '•
jf worsttcU blue zni black cheviots unfinished worsteds- an-1 fancy ca3simefe3— t»ilorirg the beat. A*S*i\/) fT f\ X
It - na-to-date in every particular, every garment fitting 39 though made to order. 4fcff AB[ / f*\/\ j \ S
K For two diys I ; «?* m M m mm £9 / ( Jf\ |> \ 5*
K Boys' f3.45 and $3.95 2-Piese Suits, made of pretty and serviceable all-wool ma- Y\ " J?)f L JV S
tf terials in neat and stylish patterns, double-breasted coats, knee pants with V. ~^ ' / j{
JC double feats and knees, sizes fjr 10 to 16 years — Frid*? and Saturday only dSf3> if?fT In I /\\ '*
J *P*mO%2*J/ I \ j / \\ ••
* JE8 &**BBV*nn4 Special Offering of H F ( 1 \\ §
JI tLt MSOlmOm.. Scarfs antt Squares. V V 1 JU I *
«C GitS2&B*£$im We bou g b t from an American manufac- M iJL I I \ \ J€
* *^*ar»«* *»*. tuxer 353 Scarfs and Squares, all that & | r\ \ 1 *
'TJie'Reina Victoria Site, - he -had- mmde at. that time. They are V '. « . *
% r> r j- ¦ l fine copies of the Swiss goods that Annfhnr* Sate ,*
j Regular 2 for 23c, cost $1.50 and $1.75 each. Thi 3 being *noiner*pectas oa/e 5
tt Fridav and Saturday a new i n^ nstr^ we made a very good "earl Buttons. >J
K -^ ¦ bargain. We thnk they will wear even 1800 cards of pure white Pearl Buttons, "it
$ %9 Wg%ff* 25 f* better than the imported ones; our spe- sizes 16. 13, 20, 22 and 24 lines; every »J
Jf w *%#• mm%0%mm cial price, to-day only, each...-^^ button perfact in make and faultless in £
JC ' - color; on sale to-day only; cards o J€
* $1.25 Neck Ruffs 98C. of two dozen for OG jj
fi We hive ju?t 120 of a specially bought lot rUmitUre SpGCSaiS, „ .. ¦ , {»
g ' of one of this season's best styles of These deen nriea rnts* are for nOUSO-rUrnlSning J
$ bleck Liberty Sik Keck felb. all silk, . "* £/"! cuts are for Specials. S
tf with phited ties of same material, that J°- da y (J,«day) only I CusDidores 'S^ S
K regularly retiil for $1.25, which «« Parlor Table-Gulden Oak, Birdaeye ,3°?^' %
| we^rKH^,.,,., 9BO JJg- M-^ Ug. Uj^Uj* " $
I Carpet Remnant Sale P^tlct^-u£:^"td!'°° fijd p '.¦%
t£ 7 O-D ay and Saturday* upholstered in fancy velonw and tapes- si™?' 08 ?: Ara^a-^i «
I pS^P^^^g duttlrf /^^ |
£» Ular prices on hundreds of pieces any finiah, Bpring seat, upholstered in regularly \ ~£ir V
•C of handsome Carpet3. ranging velonrs or damasK, h-gh back, well made f^ c . Oa **
BringmaS ~ EntSStfe^S H-t £%f Wt *** «* *J
I uremetltS if Possible. m . br .a, trimming, fine'-y enameled, three «« 3^. i inches with safety catch for %
t 60c Tapestry Ramnants, th» week...45o wid th3. 3 feet. 3 feet 6 i iches and 4 feet "«mg; instead of loc. to-day Q •
f-7cc Tapestry Remnants, room, hall or 6 inchc. eithc siza to-day $6.25 on1y ** G «
If stair patterns ...... :'—££ G Parlor Set-T.iree piecea-Sofa, Arm Main Floor-Rear. £
S?i C rft e wf/ v 0 " W * ir n Tape »" trieg V- 67 J O Chair and R-ciptionChair-Mahoirany o - ~ ~ IT~-« «
*a.C0 Wilton Ve vet Carpets, stylish de- finished frames, uoholstered in hand- Safety RaZOrS $1.18. £
K n 8 ,£ n " A :'""-" »'»•'»»••• -75G soma damans, to-day only....^/5.75 A special buv of 100 of the celebrated 3*
h $1.00 Axmuuter. Carpets, beautiful pjt- Bedroom Set-So W O^k-3 pieces- "Star" Safety Razors, with ad- •*
K ns • VOX? Bureau, Bed and W«lntand — has 24x3 D- justable handle and packed complete in 5
K Plymouth Art Squares — inch beveled French-plate mirror, half- neat enameled boxes, resrn'ar'y $1.7»; X
tf 9x12 feet, a splendid heavy and celled front neat cwvings. fine cabi- on sale to-day (Fri- <g* 4f% j
| durable Art Square, with fring- t^^^MM^^92^aq ' ' «P***O j
I ever nd o S ff^r°e n d e In our clrpet dI- 50c Sailor Cans 27c Groceries, Liquors. |
t pirtment-at to-day's snecial ..^ f ?*„ ,?', Sapolio-To-day only; 4 ban 25o {
K «n>o &A. On <^^^£SS^v t>' .1 s of nernng-Imported Milchners, fat and '1
2* Price $t*3-*t»U Bo - vs bailor Gaps on -whiro; to-dny. S fish 2So X
$ ~ 11 ' which the maker was Cranberries— Fresh Cape Cod; to-day, *
ft FrfP/flauf^c r/iiec/ willing to lose about qaart Wo &
» ™ w-inauoj> rtnss* half to cloae them out, plaids, fancy Rolled Oats-Best Eistern; 10 lbs ?
Jf Lavender Water 33C. mixtures, plan b ues and browns, worth 25o '%
JThis is the guiranteed genuine Ed Pi- in ihe regalar way 5J»o e«h, on 9r m Savon Soap-Empormm br'and'-'V bars -J
»,; naad's double strength Em de Vie de special sale to-day Friday) onlyiCZC 25o %
& Lavender, best that is made, regularly String Beans— "C'ear Lake." the we 1- .%
»f 50c bottle, for Friday only 150 «»« T&83IQ GOl/GFS known. SLtisfactorrbran-t; 2 cans. 2.5c -J
g bottles at 33C Af About Ha!f Value. Bourbon Whiskey— Our popular S
$ L*™ n.,,4»i nc n^ We dosed cut all that th, jobber had of "Old Resent-full g
Lace Uurtaans 63c. two siz33 - of real cardinal ringed Table quarts to-day 73C -5
«f We have secured 100 pairs of Lace Cur- Cloth* with ceat white borders, fast col- Liebig's Bscf, Iron and Wine — X
ft tains with ruffljs, width 40 inches by 3 ors to withstand laundering, which are The genuine imported; to-day, per hot- 5
j» yard3 in length, suitable for cottage and offered to-day at little more than half real t!e 32c j*
S bedroom windows, which we offer for v*lne : Brandy — Extra good, 5 yea» old. rejm- 'it
S v Friday only at the as-tonishing- g~tm 63x63-inch size, to-day 58c lar y $2.75 eallon; to-day 0XL\j..$l m Q5 »J
ly low price, per pair O%SC 63x72-inch size, to-day 68c Main Floor-Rear. " %
2 •
o f + e
§ * T s
0 <T S
g 'j'/£&. OCTOB3R 14. 1900. g
I t ~ ¦ ~ ~~~ ? i
| SAN RAFAEL'\HOUSE OF |
| MYSTERY. |
© , . — 1 -V. , ©
S AMERICA NEFDS A NATIONAL COX- %
% SERVATORY OF MUSIC. 3
2 ! Practical Observation* by FOSE RELDA. 2
\Jf m " *&
S WHY REV. SAMUEL SLO1OMBE RE- S
S SIGNED. |
2 By GRACE FERN. £
1 ADVENTURES WITH THE MACABEBE g
0 SCOUTS. |
1 THE SECRET OF MONTMERE. g
2 The Most Weird Story of the Day. g
Q O
S CALIFORNIANS WHO HAVE GOT RICH g
S IN OIL. g
e o
g OUR AMERICAN DUCHESS. g
g By GENEVEVE GREEN. g
o HOW LOG RAFTS ARE BUILT. g
e — e
» SEE THE GREAT COMIC SECTION. g
S -_± » , S
e — -? o
g FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALLi O
1 "THE NEW CENTURY MARCH." §
| Composed by VOROS MISKA. | . ' ¦: g
g __— I |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS SCO.
SPECIALISTS.
Diseases and Weakness of Men
ESTABLISHED 1S8L
We cure Lost Manhood and weak-
ness which accompanies it. also
Private Diseases, Varlcocele. Stric-
ture. Blood Poison. Diseases of the
Kidneys. Bladder, etc
Patients may pay when well or ta
monthly installments. Home cures
a specialty. Private book, question
list, etc., free at office or by mall.
Correspondence confidential.
HOUICS— Daily, S to 5. Eveninga,
7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 11. ELEVA-
TOR ENTRANCE.
731 MARKET STREET,
*V* San Francisco.HOTEL I DEL , CORONADO-In ; making your
winter, plans think of this beautiful country
home with city advantages, ' Ideal climate, no
heavy fog} or rain. ¦ At,. 4 , New Montgomery
*»~*'- .'nHv.'rarat Infnrmatln'n and SDCClal rate*.
Boss Croker's antics' in support' of a platform de
nouncing trusts, continue to afford amusement'to the
people of New York, but the Tammany man may have
some method in his^ madness after all, for he may need
the olatform to oile his ice on. . - - *
It may have been a coincidence merely, but the re
port that Bryan lost his hat from the railway train the
other day. and that at the next station his voice
sounded hoarse and broken sounds like confirmation
of the popular belief that the silver orator'cannot' talk
well. except when talking through his hat.
Washington urged the acquisition of
Canada. -. . .
Hamilton's views: "We ought to look
to the. possession of Florida and Louisi
ana." '
Jefferson declared for extensive empire
and self-government and 'the acquisition
of Cuba.. , „ t ; .¦«¦
Jackson said: "Never cede any land or
boundary of- the republic,- but always add
to it, thus extending freedom.",
Buchanan said: . ''Expansion is the fo
ture policy of our country, and only cow
ards fear and eppose It.". ...
Douglas' views: "As fast as our Inter
ests'and- destiny»require additional terri
tory I am in for It.".
Benjamin Franklin advocated the acqui
sition of Canada.— Ohio State Journal.
Brief Bits of History.
CALirOqpTIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Frederick W.
Hall ofSan Francisco Is at the Hoffman;
L. M. Kellogg of San Francisco is at the
Park Avenue.
The septuagenarians of Pennsylvania who eloped
the other day probably thought that having reachcl
tl'fir second childhood v they were privileged to in
dulge a childish freak.
The local thief who insisted upon stealing eggs
whenever and wherever he found them will now have
an opportunity, by courtesy of a Police Judge, of lay
irg in jail for six months.
The industry of making wills appears to be in a
most flourishing condition at present in California.
Some of our lawyers seem to have devoted all their
legal learning to a consideration of the subject, and
the dead, unfortunately, can't talk.
The announcement of Lord Roberts that he in
tended to declare a state of peace in South Africa
appears to have been a trifle premature. In captur
ing three cities the Boers demonstrate a disagreeable
tendency not to accept "Bobs" as a prophet.
The Liberals of Great Britain have the satisfaction
of knowing that in the elections they have held their
own— they had nothing and they got nothing; but
all the same there is ample evidence to show that if
they had had a leader they would have com e near to
making Salisbury wish he had not taken an appeal
to the country.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 11.— H. C. Tabrett
of Sa?i Francisco is at the Arlington. J.
F, Fitzgerald and wife and Ross C. Cllne
.and wife -of Los Angeles are at the Ra
leigh.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
mollie McCarthy and ten
BROECK-J. J. M., City. The race be
tween Mollie McCarthy and Ten Broeck
at Louisville, Ky., occurred July 4. 1S7S.
, NAVAL ACADEMY— E. M..W., City. To
secure an appointment to, the Naval
A5 ad , e i ny , at Annapolis. the applicant
should Place himself In communication
with the Representative to Congress from
the district in which he resides? :
HIRAM AKIF-F. B.. City. Hiram Abif
is an Individual celebrated in tradition
but there Is absolutely next to nothing
known about him. At the time of thl
building of King Solomon's temple that
monarch sent, to Hiram of Tyre for a
?. k «i lf « lar w1 an to ?£P, erlntend lts construe^
tion and Hiram Ablf was sent. There is
mS 3 ,!? 11 ,^ Y as as «assinated. and a
nim ?. h ?. r of ,_ ridiculous stories have been
trkditiol? % hlm> bUt ln Une o".
STATE , OFFICERS-F. . Sonora?' CaL'
The State officers. If the correspondent
has reference: to the executive elective
ones of California, are Governor? Ijeuten?
ant Governor, Secretary of State Con
troller. Treasurer. Attorney General Sur
veyor General. Clerk ,of the Supreme
Court. Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion and Superintendent of State Print
r^i Th 5 £ tat «£ J udlcl al officers are the
Judges- of the Supreme Court. The mem
bers of the Legislature are also State of-
CITY HALL STATUE— W.' ' P. City
The statue on the top of the City Hali
aome in ban Francisco faces southeast.
ELECTRIC RAILWAYS— 6. M. . J
City. There are no cable passenger cars
in the city of London, but there are elec
tric lines, the first built in 1895.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
In each beehive are a number of nurs
ing bees, who do not go out to gather
honey, but look after the eggs and young,
and a eertain number are. always told oft
to ventilate a hive. These stand close to
the entrance and fan strongly with their
wings. -¦'¦-' - - '-
Special information supplied dairy to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. TelepTione Main 1042. •
CaL glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's."
SOMETHING is done for the benefit /of the
West whenever a newspaper or magazine in the
past publishes from a first-class authority an
article dealing with the arid regions of this part of
the continent and explaining some at least of the
complex problems_of irrigation. It is therefore grati
fying that the current number of Outlook contains
a valuable discussion of the subject by Elwood Mead,
one^of the men best fitted to undertake the campaign
of education needed to bring Eastern people to a
clear understanding of the problem and its impor
tance to the Union.
Mr. Mead points out that laws regulating water
rights must be quite different in the arid regions from
those prevailing elsewhere. Thus he says: "In a
country where streams must be destroyed in order
that people may live the, common law doctrine of
riparian rights so universally recognized in all the
States of the Atlantic seaboard and the Mississippi
Valley has no place. The necessities of climate are
inexorable. Where .crops cannot be grown by rain
fall alone, to insist that streams shall continue to
flow 'undiminished in quantity' is to condemn the
bnds along their banks to perpetual barrenness.. -This
is so contrary to common sense that, with or with
out laws, streams are being appropriated, diverted and
used."
Large districts of country in the arid region have
been settled up without a full understanding -of the
problems of irrigation, and as a consequence there U
now a confusion of laws and rights which seriously
retard the development of the country. Govern
mental supervision will be required to straighten out
the complications and devise a means whereby the
s: reams may be used to the greatest advantage of the
greatest number. Mr., Mead says: "It is now mani
fest that the first step in Western settlement should
have been the measurement of streams and the in
auguration of a system for the recording and protect
ing of rights to their use as complete in its operation
r.s the existing system for the disposal of public lands.
* * * Nothing resembling this has been attempted.
At the outset the whole subject was neglected because
its importance was not appreciated."
It appears that under even the best regulations we
can never obtain from the streams of the arid region
sufficient water to irrigate and reclaim much more
than a comparatively small fraction of the whole
amount of land capable of reclamation were the water
forthcoming. Along every stream there will be tracts
of irrigated and trncts of unirrigated land. The water
will be worth a great deal more than the soil, and
there will be. an immense difference in the value of
lots with water riehti and those without it Thus in
PROBLEMS OF THE 0RID REGION.
Lots of men would rather swindle a fel
low man out of a nickel than earn, a dol
lar by honest labor.— Chicago News; ¦- ,.-
"Why, I had an Idea that she thought
you were the only pebble on the beach."
"Maybe that was the reason she threw
me."— Brooklyn Life. 7 ... .
. Dicky, whenever j-ou see an Insect or
a bug in trouble you must be merciful and
help^im out."
"But, ma, 'f Aun' Jane gets a pinchin'
bug down her neck mus' I help tb/bug or
help Aun' Jane?"— Indianapolis Journal.
House Owner— You didn't pay the rent
last month.
House Tenant— Xo? Well, I suppose
you'll hold me to your agreement.
• House Owner— Agreement; what agree
ment?
House Tenant— Why. when I rented you
said I must pay In advance or not at all.—
Ohio State Journal.
When a man Is considered to be very
cle .yer his wife thinks that his greatest
exhibition of cleverness iras In picking
her out to marry him.— Atchlson tilobe. •
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Gotham— I see New. York is going to
nave the highest office building in the
world, s
Church— If they keep on seme of those
JSew Yorkers may succeed hv getting to
heaven.— Yonkers Statesman.
Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintendent of
Schools, came down ' from Sacramento
yesterday afternoon and registered at the
Palace. He will "preside at a meeting of
the executive committee of the State
Educational Commission, to be held at the
Palace to-day. • . • •
Mrs. J. E. Keeler, wife of the late Pro
fessor Keeler of the Lick Observatory,
arrived at the California yesterday with
her family.
Thomas G. McCreary, assistant cashier
of the City Bank at Santa Cruz, and his
bride,, are at the California. , ; ; \
Charles . F. Urquhart of the United
States Geological Survey. Department is
at the Occidental.
Frank Short, a Fresno attorney and a
member of the. Yoscmlte Commission, Is
at the Palace.
D. Lanone and wife of Eureka are reg
istered at the Rues. Mr. Lanone Is a
capitalist. "¦
H. H. Blood, a Bakersfield lawyer, is
in the city for a few days. He is at the
Grand.
Miss Katharine Lois Haekell of Stan
ford University is registered at the Pal
ace.
R. R. Lowe and wife of Dawson are at
the Lick. . . .
E. Easton and wife of Hqlllster are at
the Russ. ¦'; ¦/,': ,
V. S. McClatchy of Sacramento Is at
the California. f K?"-
J. F. Collins, merchant at Los Angeles,
Is at the Grand.
Judge F. D. Nlchol of Stockton Is reg
istered at the Lick.
S. N. Griffith, a prominent Fresno oil
man, is at the Lick,
Edgar S. Freiberg, p. Cincinnati distiller,
is registered at the Palace.
G. J. Gunzalez, merchant at Guaymas,
Mexico. Is registered at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
"We paid no special attention to him.
but one day we needed some additional
help in the draughting room to get out
some patterns. The foreman of tho de
partment In which this boy was employed
said he could do mechanical drawing; that
he had been- going to night school for a
year or more. ; We took the boy and set
him at work on some coarse patterns.
"He was awkward, somewhat shy and
frightened, but -we saw that he was In
earnest. We. had intended to give him
but a few days' work, but he did so well
that he was kept on for two months. After
that we found a place for him In another
foundry; where he would have opportunity
to learn more than with us. or at lea*t
learn other ways of doing things. He
made rapid progress, and by my advice
and with a letter of recommendation from
our firm he went to New York. That
young- felloWls'aow making $150 a month
The other boys are still playing 'seven
up. 1 " /.
,"i have an Illustration of that fact In,
the case of a young man hardly of aga
now," continued the foundryman. *\A.t
the foundry where he and other boya wera
employed it was and still Is the custom
for these employes each noon after eat
ing their luncheon to jret ¦» out a broad
board and play 'seven-up* for amusement.
This boy would never take part with tho
other boys, and was usually found at th<»
noon hour with a book in his hand.
"John P. Irish," said an Indianapolis
foundyman .the . other day. "never said a
truer thing- ln_anj* of his. speeches than
he said the other night when he decla: ed
that Mr. Bryan's gloomy presentation of
the future of the youn^ American was
ridiculously untrue, and that opportunities
for advancement to the deservingr. to those
¦who desired to rise, no matter what their
station In life, were constantly -before
them.
Bryan's Assertion:
Indianapolis News.
CHANCES FOR Y0T7NQ MEN.
A Foundryxnan Comments on W. J.
Here is an incident that should have been made the
occasion of a sermon on forest preservation and tree
idanting. The people of Wexford have destroyed the
pine forests that gave them wealth and are now about
to destroy the hardwood trees. They please them
sejves with the prospect that the hardwood will last as
long. as the pines, and that, for the present, at any
• ate, their interests are not greatly endangered. • So
long as timber lasts woodmen and farmers will have
work in cutting it down and the revenues derived
from the sale will continue to flow into the county.
After the hardwood is gone there will remain some
thing else for the people to do— emigrate.
I Had the people of Wexford been wise they wouid
have so managed their pine forests that the last tree
would never have been cut while civilization exists
on this continent. They could have made their forests
a source of perennial revenue, and one that wouM
have increased instead of vanishing with . the 'years.
They have even now a chance to replant the pine lands
while cutting down the hardwood, and thus assuring
the future as well as enjoying the present. . It is safe
to say, however, they will not do, it. In a- few years
Wexford will be, among, the almost treeless counties
of the United States, and then more evils than a mere
lr.ck of woodland and lumber camps will come upon
the community. ?'
It is easy for us toperceivc the folly of Wexford.
but we are about as foolish ourselves. We are wast
ing our woods as fast as mills and fires can destroy"
them. Perhaps the day is not far distant when ' m
some California county the people will gather to see
the last redwood fall/ We are following the path
taken by Michigan, and our pace is rapid. If we are
ever going to halt we should halt now. *'
• By way of explaining the interest taken in the tree
the report goes on to say: "Without a doubt during
the past thirty years Wexford County has produced
as much, if not more, pine lumber than any oflier
county in the State. It has been the principal source
of employment to the residents of Cadillac and the
camps have furnished labor to many of the farmers
of the county during the winter months. It will be
only a short time now until all the pine logs that are
boomed in Clam Lake will be cut, and then will be
gin the cut of hardwood, which promises to be nearly
as 4oiig as the pine has been.!'
A RECENT report from Cadillac/ Michf says:
"The last pine :n Wexford County was cut last
Saturday forenoon at Cumncr .' & Diggin's
camp northwest of the city. What has for so many
years been the chief industry of Cadillac and vicinity
will soon be only a remembrance. This one tree was
left standing for several days in order that photo
graphs of it might be taken. There was' a large
crowd in attendance upon the ceremonies incident V
its destruction. It is said there are three or. four large
pine trees near Harrietta, but they are on the Ann
Arbor. right of way, and therefore are not considered
when speaking of timber cut for lumber."
TjiE END OF" fit FOREST:
The law prescribes how inefficient teachers shall he
weeded from- the department, and the law does not
provide that without trial without public accusation
and _ public examination they shall be thrown prac
tically out of the department although technically
within it. The School Board now recognizes tlm an'
is to be congratulated for accepting what decency in
public affairs demands. : ' r *'
The efficiency of the department was impaired, in
structors were handicapped and the School Depart
ment was fast becoming a field for political trickery,
personal injustice and all the scandal which both en
tail. The Call expose! this outrage upon the schools,
end now the Board of Education has taken the first
Mep to observe honesty in administration. Teachers
are to be advanced by pViority of service, as expe
rience is the first test of efficiency. " They are no
longer lo be made the victims of politically inspired
principals or members of the School Board.
The School Boaid has now placed itself uhqualU
ficdly in support of the principle that there shall be
some stability to the tenure of teachers and that they
shall be advanced in the department strictly in accord
ance with the length of their service. The School
Board struggled hard before granting this evident an-l
or.iy just principle of administration. The bait of
politicians; acting for favor, and of friends, demand
ing: what they had no right to receive, was too tempt
ing, and the present board, under the urging, sugges
tion and leadership of its president, Cecil Mark, vio
lated the wise precedent established by its predecessor
and created consternation and demoralization among
the teachers by taking from them what it had taken
years, to gain.
While the Board of Education shows no inclination
to repair the damage which it has already done to the
department by promoting favorites at the expense of
others, by smuggling teachers into the department at
the cost of those already in, by making instructors
the creatures of the whims and selfish interest of poli
ticians, there is subject for gratification in the fact
that the School Board shows a desire to stop the
spread of demoralization which its political schemes
interjected into the department.
THE Board of Education is to be congratulated
for its decision to remove scandal, injustice and
political and personal favoritism from the
School Department by carrying the priority of service
principle into practical operation and making of re
fcrni something more than an idle promise. The
teachers of the department are to be congratulated be
cause of a victory won for fair treatment and justice
after an expose made by The Call of methods
discreditable and dishonorable on the part of the
Board of Education.
THE SCHOOL BO0RD MERITS PRAISE.
one may put $7196 50 Into a wedding and
not be classed as an extremis:. This Is
the way it Is done:
Engagement ring $500 00
Wadding- ring 20 00
Uride's trou*s«»au 2^0 00
13ride*rroom"s wardrobe SCO 00
Bridegroom's presents IOC • 00
Cards 50 w)
Minister 100 00
Flowers ; 2 - 0M
Carriages '3 00
Br p ?^. faat , 2H0 00
ANedding Journey 2000 00
Marriage license 150
Total .'...$7196 50
When the, wealthy citizen des the fig
ures for his burial amount up amazingly
to the total of $21,350, thus: .';
Doctor's fee .' $;so
Doctor's consultation fees 100
Coffin .................................. 1500
«urlal lot s ;ooo
Embalming 50
Hearse and carriages 200
Weeds for living l.lM
Minister 'n»
Flowers 100
Monument 15 ©00
Total ........•.......•.¦.; ..$21,350
Between these' extremes Chicago per
sons have furnished these averages:
IMrths ;... ;.. $23 <*>
Deaths i;,) 00
Marriages 76 M
Between the lines of these sets of fig
ures one pnay spell the three great classes
— poverty, middle class, wealth — the same
in Chicago as In every other great city
of the world.
; Is Also Cheaper to Be Married Than to
Be Born, Providing: Economy
Is Practiced.
It costs more to die than it costs to be
born. It costs more to be born than It
costs to be married. Such are the conclu
sions reached by the. Chicago Tribune
from a look at Chicago statistics for the
year '1899.. Some ' interesting results are
brought out from the official records.
For Instance, It Is ascertained that one
may be born into the world of Chicago
at a total cost of $7 75, which includes ser
vices, clothing, medicine and appliances
and a nursing bottle, i
If economy Is sought In the marrlagre
ceremony one may spend as little as $3 50
and Btlll be "joined together." for In
Chicago tho license Is only $1 50. while
the fee of tlje Justice -who officiates is
usually $2. * '
The cheapest possible funeral costs $40,
being made up of $10 for the coffin, $5 for
the doctor, $15 for the grf.ve and $10 for
the hearse.
. These being the minimum figures It is
Interesting, to note the contrast offered by
the maximum figures, so far as the maxi
mum figures may be determined; The case
of the $7 75 baby comes in sharp distinc
tion to the Infant whose arrival means
the expenditure of $510. -This is the - table *
which belongs to the more expensive
-child:
Physician's fee .....'. !.\...$100
Infant's wardrobe ;:-o
Cards .25
Trained nurne ,»... 75
Infant 1 a nurse -...........'. V....... 15
Nursing bottles, etc X 10
Incidentals,' medicines, etc , 25
Christening 10
Total $510
Then, on the subject of extravagance,
COSTS MORE TO LEAVE
WORLD THAN TO ENTER
THE.ONLY STYLE OF MILITARISM THAT REALLY FRIGHTENS WIL
LIAM JENNINGS BRYAN.
—St. Paul Pioneer Press. . ;
The lack of any nose-pulling in the Kansas case
renders it less interesting from a personal point of
view than the New York controversy, but when con
sidered as an abstract proposition, without reference
to the incidents that gave rise to it, the question is
one of many fine points. What will be the decision of
the District Court is a matter 'which should not at
this time be subject to newspaper criticism. The press
should not. undertake to dictate to the courts in a
case of that kind. It is, however, safe to say that no
matter what be the decision of the court the Sheriff
will never give occasion for another case of the .kind,
and it is therefore the more important that this one
be settled right.
The lawyers of Kansas have a more complex case
to deal with. It appears the Sheriff of one of the
counties in that State recently allowed a man who had
been convicted of selling liquor without a license to
remain-.with his family instead of serving his time in
jail. At the expiration of the term the prisoner's wife
sued the Sheriff for the price of board and lodging
for her spouse. She was awarded judgment for $21 60.
but the Sheriff has appealed to the District Court.
A claim of that kind was recently made by a trav
eler in the metropolis. He entered the car, deposited
his luggage and then stepped out to "see a friend."
When he returned the seat was occupied by another
citizen. There was first a quiet debate on the rights
of pre-emptors and the ethics of traveling, then an
altercation, then came the nose-pulling, and after thai
came the' charge of assault and battery resulting in
the lawsuit. . r . .
NEW YORK lawyers are just now engaged in the
solution of a law case containing two points.
The first question to . be determined is whether
the deposit of a satchel and a bundle in a vacant seat
in a smoking-car constitutes. a valid title to it on the
part of the depositor against any one who happens to
enter the car while the depositor is out of the seat.
Second, has a man who thus pre-empts a seat a right
to pull. the nose of any interloper who disregards the
satchel and bundle and takes the seat to himself. . ...
SOME LAW PROBLEMS.
FRIDAY ......OCTOBER 12. 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor."
Address A.'J Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MA.VAGKII'S OFFICE Telephone- Pr»»« 2°*
PIULICATIOX OFFICE... Mnrkot nnfl Third. S. F.
Trlrphonr Preim SOI.
Enrronuii, noons 2iT«o 221 steveimon st.
Trlrpbnnr I'rrs" 2O2.
Delivered Iiy Carrier-. 1« Centu Per Week.
«lncl<- Copies. S Cent*.
Tonn. l»y Mall. inolmUiier Pontasrel
DAILY CALL micluiJInR Pun<Jay>. cne year W.OO
!)AILY CATX (includ!ic Sunday*. 6 months *-00
PAILTCALL rinrlud!ne Punday). 3 months 1- M
r>AlT.T CAIA.— By Finp> Month * 5c
SUVDAY CALL. Ow TPar 1M !
TVEEKLT CALL. One "War 1C0 I
All poMma*ter« nre aniliorlaed to receive
•nlmcrtptloiiN.
Fample eoplr* will b* forwarded .when requested. !
Mali fnibrcribpn" fn ordprlnE cfcanire of addr«"* should be j
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt end correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAM) OFPirK 1118 Broadway
CHORCn C. KKOR>*ESS
Mftn»£cr Foreign Advertising. Marquet'e Building. Chicago
(Lorjt Distance Telephone "Central I6U.")
NTW YORK CXJRRESPOXDENT:
C C. CARI,TO\ Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPnEX D. SMITH 3O Tribune Building |
KETT YORK NEWS STAKDS:
TVWfiorf-Artorla Hotel; A. Brentano, Si Union Square; I
Murray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO iCEWS BTAVDS:
Sherman TToure: J». O. N'mts Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. \
WASIII\GTO\ CD. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., N. W.
MOHTOX i:. CRA\E, Correspondent.
I1H \\«II OFFICES EIJ Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
until »:59 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:S» o'clock. SSZ
McAllister, open until ?:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln. open until
S Jfl o'clock. J?U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. Kfl Market,
corner Fixt^enth. or-en until t o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 10S Eleventh, open until » o'clock. JTtV. cor- J
ner Twenty- »econd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock. ;
Garfield who said that "unsettled ques
tions have no mercy for the peace of na
tions." Neither have they regard. for the
peace of parties or of men. They remain
settled only when settled in harmony with
duty and justice and honor— when settled
right. Otherwise they will disturb and
disturb again and He down at no man's
bidding, be he King or Senator.
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER — The
Democratic party, recently at least, ha3
become known as the calamity party. Its
only hope of success lies in some taJe of
¦woe. The Republican party, on the other
hand, believing that a busy mill is a bet
ter as.=et than a souphouse. would keep
both mines and mills running, and there
fore labors to bring about activity in
every department of the industrial world.
HARTFORD COURANT— After the
lapse of half a century it seems that we
are again to assume the first place or at
least a prominent place as builders of
ships. The material, steel or . iron, is
cheaper here than It is in any other part
of the world and is produced in unlim
ited quantities. We stand in relation to
iron just where we once stood in relation
to wood.
FLORIDA TIMES-UNION— When we
can put ourselves in the place of these
people we shall have some hope of con
verting or convincing them; when China
held the civilization of the earth would
our childish nations have welcomed
Asiatic teachers? Is It certain that out
¦way would be good for others? "When we
have taught China to work and fight
shall not our danger be great? When
unmolested does tho Chinaman ,trouble
us? . • .
SPRINGFIELD AMERICAN— It ; was
CHICAGO JOURNAL — The United
fatatcs has become the creditor nation,
and by pursuing the wise policy of souml
currency she may easily retain the emi
nence she now enjoys.
NEWYORK TRIBrNE-,The American
people are indeed too busy attending to
their own profitable business to ko wan
dering through the Slouph of Despond
after the Bryanlte wlll-o'-the-wtpp.
CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD— 'Senator
JHonr regards •Kryanism" aa the para
mount issue in this campalcn. and be
lieves It presents a greater menace to the
national welfare than the retention of the
Philippines. . ?'-
CLEVELAND LEADER— Bryan Is still
silent as to the methods resorted to by
North Carolina Democrats to keep that
State solid for Bryanism. He la not will
ing that the Declaration of Independence
should apply to that State.
newtoek Commercial adver
tiser—The attitude of the Southern peo
ple this year i3 a curious result of the
mental state caused there by the constant
presence of the race problem. They are
voting for Bryan, -while dreading his
election. '.;,.-
PROVIDENCE JOURNAL—The pro
posed Democratic protectorate In the
Philippines Is simply the present Repub
lican sovereignty there under another
and a deceptive name. Democrats who
confuse us by arguing otherwise do not.
understand what they are talking about.
SYRACUSE POST-STANDARD— Tho
President had power to send troops to
China, and he used it. If he had failed to
use the power he would be fit for im
peachment. His actions have been lawful
and they have been wise, temperate ami
consistently American from start to
finish. .
OMAHA BEE— It is safe to say that tho
Inhabitants of the progressive American
cities of to-day enjoy better facilities for
healthful comfort, for educating them
solves and their children, for intellectual
and moral development, for recreation
and for the general pursuit of happiness
than their predecessors at any period.
TOPEKA JOURNAL— The party bos*
has a rrtore serious time in accourpltshln:;
his designs than formerly. The people are
learning that the bugaboo, "the party."
is an expression to frighten the ignorant.
The voters are becoming more independ
ent and are learning to rebuke corruption
and incompetence even when it is to be
found in their "party."
Views of : the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
Equally absurd is the contention of Altgeld that
"the little that comes back does not reach the
masses, but goes to a few syndicates." There is no
such difference of classes in this country as that im
plies. The activity of trade requires the payment of
wages to the workers in all lines of industry- The
profits we have gained from our exports are at once
set to work in this country in the task of producing
more goods. For a man who has the reputation of
Altgeld the Yale address comes surprisingly near
being nothing more than a silly stump speech.
He says "$500,000,000 worth of goods goes abroad
every year in excess of imports and disappears"; that
"we have scarcely anything to show for it." Is it
possible any student of Yale could be deceived by
such a statement? The veriest tyro in affairs must be
awaie that the goods we send abroad arc paid for in
suiie way and that the payment adds to our wealth.
The value of the excess of exports over imports must
be settled by the foreign purchaser. A good portion
of the balance is required to defray the cost of ocean
transportation, and it will continue to be so until we
build up an American, merchant marine equal to the
needs of our commerce, but the rest represents sav
ings in one form or another. It may have come back
to us in American bonds and securities hitherto . helfl
in Europe, or in some other way not noted in the
records of the custom-house, but it comes unfailingly.
\Vei4 it not so we would soon cease to ship goods.
To those who have any memory of the arguments
Altgeld was wont to make when supporting free trade
1-is tirade before the Yale club will appear about the
grossest inconsistency that has been obtruded ¦ upon
l';e public during the campaign. Altgeld now holds
that the home market is the thing of supreme value,
that it is only by increasing home consumption that
we can get rich, and that the surplus exports abroad
reprtsent property that has been almost completely
wasted and lost.
The collegians of Yale are young and their knowl
edge of party politics is limited, but even the fresh
men among them are doubtless aware that a few years
ago, when the free traders were fighting for control
of the Government, they spoke mockingly of the
home market, clamored for the foreign market, ridi
culed the idea that we could get rich by trading with
one another, and insisted that the only way by which
we could assure prosperity was to tear down the pro
tective tariff and increase our imports and exports,
paying no attention whatever to the claims of work
ingmen for good wages, or to what the free traders
derided as the "supposed" advantages of the home
maiket. , .
The argument of the speaker was that trusts are de
vouring the substance of the people, and that as a con
sequence we are no longer able to consume what we
produce. He is reported as saying: '"Years ago we
had a home market which consumed all of our manu
factured products, and our factories ran day and night.
This home market has been destroyed by destroying
the purchasing power of our people. In proportion to
population our people are not consuming much more
than half what they formerly did. If the purchasing
power of our people were restored to what it once was
this would restore our home market, and the product
of our mills could again be sold at home. Consider
what increased employment and activity this would
give our business men at home! If $500^000,000 worth
more of goods were to be bought by our own people
at home, this would give genuine prosperity. As it 13,
this amount of goods goes abroad every year in ex
cess of imports and disappears. We have scarcely
anything to show for it. And the little that comes
back does rot reach the masses, but goes to a few
syndicates."
- ¦" '
j r\ LTGELD of Illinois, who is reputed to carry
j .'/: A under, his hat the brains of the Bryan move
ment, was the principal speaker at a rally of
the Yale Democratic Club on Wednesday evening.. As
he is regarded as the greatest intellectual force. in his
party, and has long had a national reputation, it was
natural the young collegians should look to him for
leadership and enlightenment. It is probable, how-.
ever, they were greatly disappointed by what they
heard. Altgeld gave them a new argument, indeed,
but not one calculated to appeal to the reason of in
telligent people. It was not only weak, f but, coming as
it did from a man who has been for years a free trader
and a free silver advocate, it had all the marks of in
sincerity and demagogy.
flLTGELD'S NEW ARGUMENT.
Speaking of the results that may be expected from
an extensive system of irrigation Mr. Mead says:
"The healthfulness and charm of the arid region, and
the remarkable profits of irrigated agriculture, make
it inevitable that its valleys are soon, to be the home
of a dense population. The time is not far distant
when the San Joaquin and Sacramento valleys of Cali
fornia will each support's million -of -people. The
Missouri and, its tributaries will, within the next half
century, irrigate more acres than does the Nile to
day. In order to provide for this, the present hap
hazard development should give way to a system
which will provide, for the" storage of floods, the pub
lic supervision of streams and the enactment of laws
which will give permanently to each farmer his just
share of the river on which the returns of his labor
depend."
Southern California an acre of fruit land with a water
right attached' is worth $500, while an acre of the same
kind of land alongside it without - a water right is
not worth fifty cents. -Ov. V , . -.7,I;v
Despite the' complexity and the' difficulty of the
problems involved in the subject, Mr.- Mead is hope
ful of their rightful solution. Water rights must be
controlled Jby some power capable of thorough su
pervision. It must be either a control by corporations
or by. co-operation, and. that issue is being fought out
with an intensity of feeling commensurate "with the
value of the property to be. controlled. " •
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, FlUDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1900.
6
ADVKRTISTTfiTENTS.
'.is thin blood. It causes pale
faces, white lips, weak nerves
and lack of vitality. A blood-
enriching, fat producing
food-medicine is needed.
goes to the root of the
trouble, strengthens and en-
riches the blood,. and builds
up the entire system.
For Anemic girls, thin
boys,and enfeebled mothers,
.it is the Standard remedy.
50c. and $r.oo, all drntpst*.
SCOTT & UOWNE. Chcmisu. New YoiJfc.
AUCTION SALES.
By M. Marcuse— This day, at 11 o'clock. Furniture, at 1330
Scott ftr-p^t.
Occidental Hrrw Exchange— Monday, October 15, Horses, at
10:30 oVlcx-k, at TZl Howard *trwt.
AMUSEMENTS.
Crsnd <">p*ra-hoti*e — "In Paradise."
Alcazar— "We I'ns c? Tennessee."
TlvoM-"Th<» Barber or Fertile."
Columbia — "Quo Vadis."
Alhambra — "'A Texas St**r."
California — "A Hindoo Hoodoo." commencing Sunday.
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Olymfia. corner Mason anfl Eddy ftreets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo an3 Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
weninj.
Fi*c'h<»r - «— Vaud-vlJle.
Fat/brt's Theater, Odd Fellows* Hall— Grand opening Mon-
day nl^ht.
Butro Hathfi— Or^n nlrhta.
Look out for the story of.
San Rafael's "House of Mys-
tery" that will be printed In
the" Sunday Call of October 14.
If you have not seen the
house already you will wish
to pay it a visit after . you
have read this article.Physicians Fear Brain Fever May
Develop Which Would Snrely
Be Fatal.
GEORGETOWN, Ky.. Oct. ll.-The re
ports from Henry Youtsey's elckroom to
night are not encouraging. The only
change perceptible is that his stupor is
not quite so heavy. Once or twice to-day
he has lifted his hands an inch or two
and in a weak voice repeated: "There's
no blood on my hands.' 1 His physicians
fear brain fever, which would now almost
surely prove fatal.
Gage at San Diego. £
- SAN DIEGO, Oct. 11. — Governor Henry
T.' Gage..after visiting the United States
Army Barracks and the fortifications on
Point Loma this morning, where he was
given a Governor's -salute, visited the
YOUTSEY'S CONDITION
IS ABOUT THE SAME
MONTEREY. Oct. 11.— The Board of
Trustees of this city nas fixed the rate of
city taxes for the ensuing, year at 75
cents on the $100, a rate 10 cents higher
than. last year.' .
Rate of Taxation Set.
the trade relations between
this country and Peru, Mr. Dudley say«
the volume of trade has more - than
doubled In the pa6t two years and Is con
stantly'increasing: With the establish
ment'-of quick ocean transportation and
lower freight rates this trade wculd be
conducted . principally through Pacific
Coaet ports of the United States. As ?t
Is now the time between New York and
Callao Is shorter than the time between
Callalo and San; Francisco.
Mr. Dudley will leave • here on the 13th
for a visit to his home in San Diego.
, LOS ANGELES, Oct. ll.-Irving B.
Dudley/ United States Minister to Peru,
Is 'here on a vacation'. He left Lima -i
month - ago, returning to his home In
Southern California by way ot New York.
Washington and Chicago. -
Get More of It.
With Faster Steamers California May
PERUVIAN TRADE GROWING.
TROOPERS AND
POLICE IN A FIGHT
Two Soldiers and a Civilian
Shot in the City of
Havana-
HAVANA. Oct. 11.— At Matanzas yes
terday a Cuban policeman Interfered with
two members of the Second United States
Cavalry. The quarrel culminated In a
general. fight between the police and sol
diers, who arrived upon" the scene simul
taneously. *After the polico had shot
Trooper Turey of Troon D, one other sol
dier and a civilian, a number of troopers
of .Troop D tried to break into the gun
room to get their weapons, but the quick
action of Caotain FoUz of Troop D. in
forming troops L. and M in skirmish or
der, made it impossible for the excited
cavalrymen to pass.
Lieutenant Willard is said to have been
slightly hurt while endeavoring to quiet
the men. The troops declared that they
will have revenge, and Colonel Noyes has
ordered ¦ all confined to barracks. The
feeling is very strong between the Cubans
and- cavalrymen. The authorities here
look upon the Incident as a payday fight,
but nn investigation has been ordered.
PARIS, Oct. 11.— A series of fetes in
connection with the closing dayB of the
exposition was openea this afternoon with
a parado and ballet on the river Seine,
along the front of the exposition. The
chief feature of the display was the ballet
from "Michael Strogoff " numbering 750
dancers, on a steamer fifty. yards long,
arranged as a stage and moored at the
western end of the exposition. Decorated
barges with dancers ana others In pictur
esque operatic costumes were also towed
up and down the river within the exposi
tion grounds.
One of the objects of these fetes is to
get rid of the enormous surplus of tickets
by charging several tickets for one ad
mission. • The exposition Is now within a
month of closing, and out of. 65,»:X),000
.tickets issued 15,000,000 are still unsold. A
night fete will be given Monday. There
will be a great vintage fete Tuesday. This
is expected to be particularly attractive.
M. Plckard Is also organizing a trans
port festival. In which all methods of con
veyance will be represented— the sedan
chair, stage coach and omnibus, down to
the automobile. It is predicted that this
will be one of the successes of the exposi
tion. > '
Features Arranged to Has
ten the Sale of the
Tickets.
CLOSING DAYS
OF EXPOSITION
CRESCENT CITY, Oct. 11.— A man an
swering to the name of William Ander
son, late of Slsklyou County, was ar
rested here by Deputy Sheriff Joseph
Crawford, charged with counterfeiting.
Anderson is accused of makinc bogus
nickels and playing them into nlckel-in
the-slot machines.
Charged With Counterfeiting.
Last Representative of the Famous
Woman of French His
tory.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— The great Pa
risian event of the season, eays^a Paris
dispatch to the World, has been the mar
riage of the last representative of Jeanne
d 1 Arc's family, the ! Vicomte de Malois
sye, arid Mile, de Mailly. who is descended
from one of the nobles who placed Hugh
Capet upon the French throne nearly ten
centuries ago.
The bridegroom, who Is 28 years of age.
Is a lieutenant in the First Cuirassiers.
Joan of Arc's brother left two children.
Her grandnephew, the last male line of
her family, died in 16S0. His granddaugh
ter married the gTeat-grandfather of the
bridegroom of this recent wedding. Th»i
mother of the bride also belonged to an
illustrious family, forty-seven members of
which died on battlefields In the service
of France. » . . . •
RELATIVE OF JEANNE
D'AEC MARBIED IN PARIS
Naval Reserve vessel PInta and was sur
prised to find that the vessel had not re
.celved its share of the appropriation nec
essary to put her in a seaworthy condi
tion and promised to do all In his power
to secure the needed money. The Gov
ernor expressed himself as highly pleased
with his entertainment in San Diego and
left at 1:50 p. m. for Los Angeles.
Branch Hydrogrraphic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
October 11. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new F»rry
building: was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1." e.;"at" noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
CO. CALKIN'S,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moan and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
' Times'and R>ighra, of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance.to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE —Th« hljh ¦ and ' low waters occur at
the city front (Mlsslon-atreet. wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 12.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the «ucces«lve tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Rives th?
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are In addition to the sounding on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus elgn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference. Is the mean of the lower low waters.
. "It can be a source of Joy to no Chris
tian to be told of the mistakes of Cath
olic missionaries In their policy In China.
In this city, which Is the head of the
largest Jesuit province In the world, save
only that of.Orleaiis. we are stlad to re
member that It is due to the Jesuits alone
that there is any respect for Christianity
in the Philippine Islands and, that afu»
the Nestorians. the Roman "Catholic mla
sionaries opened the earliest missions in
China and kept Christianity alive through
the middle ages. They will correct their
mistakes of policies if they have made
them, as we will ours, and their faith will
Dr. Stimson added
"The only question that concerns us,"
Dr. Stimson said, "Is Dr. Blodgett's ques
tion. 'Who will follow in their train?' "
Dr. Stimson declared they were nui
there for vengeance nor to say anything
in' regard to the policy of the Government
in China.
Rev. Henry A. Stimson. D.D., of New
York, recording secretary of the American
board, read a letter from Rev. Henry
Blodgett. the first American missionary
in North China and founder of the Pckins
mission. Dr. Blodgett recounted the sui>
ferlngs of missionaries from the recenl
persecutions in China and said:
"This will be an unexampled meeting
of the history of the board. The question
will come, who will follow In their train? *
President Eaton of Beloit College made
an eloquent address. In the course of
which he said the disaster to Christian
missions in China opened up new hope
for the work there. After the ruin, he
said, comes the rebuilding and the board
has the materials for the work in the
Chinese themselves.
Those who spoke were Rev. Dr. C. ah
Stanley. Rev. G. H. Henry Ewing. Rev.
E. A. Atkin. Dr. Willis C. Noble. Rev. I.
J. Alwood. missionaries of the North
China mission; Rev. Henry A. Stimson,
D.D.; President Elward D. Eaton, D.D..
and Rev. Harlan P. Beach.
"Unless all signs fail this day of blood
shed and loss Is sure to be followed by
an immense enlargement of missionary
opportunity in China."
Dr. Smith's paper was followed, by a
general discussion of the subject by mis
sionaries and officers of the board. Among
the missionaries who spoke were a num
ber who passed through the recent Boxer
outbreak in North China and some ot the
hair-raising experiences recounted by
them seemed beyt/nd belief.
¦ "I . speak for Protestant missionaries,
and particularly for those of our own
board, when I say that the missionaries
aro not the cause of this outbreak. They
are in China with China's knowledge and
virtual consent, enjoying plainly stipu
lated treaty rights. Cnina has made no
complatnt of them. She has not asked for
a revision of treaties in order that she
might be freed from their presence.
"But missionarlesT^e are told, have no
business in China, forcing a foreign. and
hateful religion upon cne people; their
presence and work naturally arouse re
sentment and hatred. This charge striken
back to one who brought a heavenly glory
to the earth which repatd him with a
cross and a crown of thorns and charged
him with folly and seems to cover witlj,
shame the brightest pages of Christian
history, th.e noblest names upon the roii
of the ages. What is now to be done .*
Are our missions to be closed up and the
work of evangellzlnp Cnina abandoned".
Not unless we have decided to give 'up all
missionary effort. For much as has been
destroyed there Is much more that re
ma'ns. Our two missions in the south are
essentially intact. And in the north there
are still native Christians who have held
their faith, who are now in hiding, but
with peace will come forth to form the
nucleus of the new churches and Chris
tian community. The Bible and Christian
literature and text books remain.
"The doom of the dynasty and of the
anti-foreign policy It embodies is pro
nounced; no diplomacy, no force of arm*
can save them;' the powers, even If tht?y
should wish to prolong their life, will fight
against an Irresistible fate. The future
will reveal a new China and that will be
a new world, with a glorious destiny be
fore it. The mission property, together
with the personal effects of missionaries,
has been destroyed at Tungehow. Pelclnjj,
Kalgan, Paoting and Linching; undoubt
edly everything In Shansi is gone; one
mission rebuilt in Tientsin has brer,
burned; chapels by the score in our sta
tions have been destroyed. The total loss
at a low estimate must amount to hun
dreds of thousands of dollars. For the
loss of missionary life there is no money
value. For the wholesale slaughter of
the native Christians there is also no
compensation. The awful fact that con
fronts us is the death by violence of thir
teen of our missionaries, with five chil
dren, involving the extinction of the
Shansi mission.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 11.— The attendance at
the ninety-first meeting of the Board of
Commissioners for Foreign Mission.*,
which is holding a three days* session in
Pilgrim Congregational Church, was con
siderably increased to-day. Great inter
est was shown to-day in the discussion of
the board's work In China. Rev. Judson
Smith, foreign secretary ot the Amer
ican board, read an interesting paper on
"China, the Situation and Outlook." He
said in part:
Increased Attendance at the
./Board of Foreign
Missions.
PLANNING TO
RENEW THEIR
WORK IN CHINA
J D Brreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Diego.
G«>r ship Alsternlxe, Engel, London; Balfour,
Guthrle & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, October 11.
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, Honolulu.
Stmr Whltesboro, Oleen, Greenwood.
Bark Gatherer, Youngsrivn. Tacoma.
Bktn J L. Eviston, Wlrschulelt, Eureka.
Schr Ellxa Miller, Lempke. i
Schr Monterey, Beck, Crescent City.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodepa.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 11. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SE, velocity 12 miles. #
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Sailed Oct 11— Tug: Rescue and
barge Santa Paula, for San Francisco.'
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Madrona.
hence ; tug Columbia, hence Oct 9.
Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Eureka, for £an Fran
cisco.
Arrived Oct 11— Stmr North Fork, hence Oc
tober 9.
Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Homer, for San Francisco.
TACOMA-^flailed Oct 11— Ship Dashing Wave,
for San Kranclsco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct U--Stmr G W Elder,
hence Oct 8.
Sailed Oct S— Br ship Marathon, for United
Kingdom.
PORT BLAKELEt— Arrived Oct U-Bark
Prussia, hence Sert 21.
FORT BRAGG-SMled Oct 11— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET- Arrived Oct 10— Schr
1 'Wawona, from Santa Rosalia.
Sailed Oct 11— Chil bark George Thompson,
for Weft Coast:*
BOWEXR LANDING— Arrived Oct 11— Schr
Newark, hence Oct 10.
HOAQUIM— Launched Oct 10— Schr Fearless.
EAST SAN 1'EDRO— Sailed Oct 11-Stmr Geo
Loomls. for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 10— Schr Alice
Cooke. from Port Townsend.
SOUTH BESD- Arrived Oct 11— Schr North
Bend, hence Sept 26.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct- 10— Btmr Cottage
City, from Skaguay. Oct. 11— Br ship Carnedd
Llewellyn, from Port Towu*en4. • • •
Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Dolphin. - for Skajruay;
Mmrs Centennial and Santa Ana. for Nome.
Oct 11— Jap stmr Rlojun Maru, for Yokohama.
Sailed Oct It— Ship Occidental, for San Fran
cisco. , - • •
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 11— Br stmr Robert
Adamson, from Nanalmo.
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA— Sailed Oct 11. 1 p m-Stmr
Sierra, for Son Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Oct 10— Br stmr Emir, previously
reported, must discharge and go into drydock.
• . FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Advance, from
New York.
Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Hudson, for New York.
VICTORIA— Arrived Ocf 10-Shlp J B Brown,
from Honolulu.
LIZARD— Passed Oct 11— Br bark Berwick
shire, from Oregon, for Queenstown. , ;
BE ACHY HEAD— Passed Oct 10— Ger ship
Renee Rickmers, from Chemalnus. for Hull. .
LIVERI > OOL— Arrived Oct 10— Br bark Inver
ness-shire, from Oreson.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Oct 11— Br ship Ber
wickshire, from Oregon.
Sailed Oct 11— Br Ehlp Dovenby Hall, for Run
corn.
ACAPCLCO— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco.
SINGAPORE— Arrived prior to Oct 11— Br
stmr Gl»nartney, from New York.
VICTORIA — Arrived Oct 10-Shlp Cyrus
Wakeneld, hence Sept 2S.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Auguntc
Victoria, for 'Hamburg, via Plymouth and
grow brighter, and purer with the perse
cutions and martyrdom, as we hope docs
our own."
At the afternoon session an hour's time
was given up to an open parliament on
missions.
In the evening phenomenal Interest was*
given to the proceedings by the Introduc
tion of Peter Cushman Jones of Honolulu,
who brought the greetings from the Ha
waiian Evangelical Association and there
by connected the current history of Ha
waii with the history of the American
board In the Hawaiian Islands since Octo
ber 23. 1S19. when seventeen persons, two
of rtiem ordained, sailed from Boston in
the brig Thaddeus to begin a mission
thTe.
The annual address of President Capen
of Boston was then delivered.
Professor Camphausen of Amsterdam Is
out with n bomh ijeneratinff fumes that
will make breathing difficult or Impossible
for lOrt yards around the center of explo
sion.
1. Give a summary of Professor Kemp s
arguments respecting the Importance of-i
geology as a practical science.
2. (a) Give a summary of Mr. Austin's
account of the wonderful development of
the world's commerce during the past 100
years. (b) In • particular describe the
changes 'which have taken place In United
States commerce during the past 100
years. ; ¦'•
3. Describe the most striking and im
portant features of the advance in edu
cational ideals and practices made by the
world (and in especial by the • United
States) during the past 100 years.
4. Describe briefly the advances (that 13
to say, those of popular interest) made in
medical science and the practice of medi
cine during the past 100 years.
5. Give a brief account of the possible
achievements of the modern telegraph and
the modern telephone as compared with
what was possible in the way of commu
nication 100 years ago.
6. (a) Write a brief abstract of Dr. John
son's paper on "Transportation Advance."
In especial set down the marvelous con-
Note.— In this paper only four questions
are to be answered In all, but these may
be any four. Only such 'answers are ex
pected as can be framed from a study of
the lessons in the course of the Home
Study Circle.
trasts, as shown by Dr. Johnson, between
the transportation facilities of to-day and
those of 100 years ago. (b) Give a brief
summary of the points established by Dr.
Johnson respecting the relationship be
tween transportation and social well
being. . $
7. Describe briefly the advances (that Is
to say, those of popular Interest) made In
surgical science and the practice of sur
gery during the past 100 years. .
8. Write a brief paper showing how the
development of chemical science durin*
the past 100 years has affected the world's
practical arts.
9. Write brief notes descriptive ot the
development of democracy In (a) the
United States, (b) Great Britain, (c)
France, (d) the world generally, during
the past 100 years.
10. Write brief notes descriptive of the
development of "the social Ideal" (a) In
national government, (b) In municipal
government, during the past 100 years.
11. Give three striking Illustrations of
the advancement which has been made
by the world's manufacturing Industries
during the past 100 years.
12. Give three striking illustrations of
the ways In which the manners and social
characteristics of people of to-day differ
from those of 10O years ago. In each case
specify whether, in your opinion, the
change that has occurred Is an advance
or a retrogression.
CLEARED.
Thursday, .October 11.
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, Honolulu and Hilo;
Thursday, October 11.
Stmr Alcazar, Carlson, 43 hours from Port
Los Anzeles.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 45 hours from New
port.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monterey.
Stmr W H Kruger, Kmg. 59 hours from Tll
lamook; bound south; put in for coal. *
Schr Glen, Wilson. 2 days from Byxbeea
Landing.
Schr R W Bartlett, Nielsen, 7 days from Port
Gamble.
Br schr Alexander. Kalb. 2 days from Needle
Rock; bound to Salinas Cruz; put In for orders.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The Carned Llewellyn loads wheat at Tacoma
for Europe. 45s. prior to arri% - al-; the Norman
IsIpb. lumber and merchandise to China, prior
to arrival: the Philadelphia, flour at "Portland
for Cap* Town, prior to arrival; the Vldette,
railroad ties to Salinas Cruz. •
The German ship Alsternlie cleared yester
day for London with the following cargo,
valued at $527.59S: *3.92S cs canned fruit. 91,0%
cs cannfd salmon. 315 c« canned asparagus,
23.030 gals wine, 8330 ctls barley, 10.0CO feet
lumber dunnage, 45.503 lt>s cascara. sagrada.
19SS lt>s been wax. 33 cs household goods, 11 pkgs
personal effects. 1 carriage.
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Water Front Notes.
Captain H. T. Emery, general manager
of the Merchants' Exchange, has been .1
very sick man, but he is now on the road
to recovery. He had an attack of pneu
monia and was removed to St, Luke'*
Hospital. The crisis is now passed and
the captain's friends are awaltiner the
chance to shake him by the hand once
more.- As secretary liid later as general
manager. Captain Emery has made him
self one of the most popular men in ship
ping circles in San Francisco. T)urinsf
his illness the onerous position of general
manager has been well filled by Mr. J.
Daley.
Captain Joe Trewin has been jdven the
command of the tug Reliance and Dav«?
Shaw has succeeded him on the Alert.
The Erskir.e M. Phelps will go to Port
Costa this morning and the J. C. Pfluger
will take her place at Steuart-street
wharf. The Pflugor is being made ready
for a trip to Australia and the Phelpg
will finish loading at Port Costa for New
York-
Captains Heard From.
Captain Lew Williams, perhaps the best
known of the Arctic whalers, got homo
from Cape Nome a few days ago. He
went north with "Barney" Cogan on the
bark Alaska and lost everything except
a suit of underclothes when the vessel
went ashore. Not a cent's worth of stuff
was rescued from the wreck.
Captain Harry Johnson and Captain
Charles Bruce are also back from the
frozen Xorth. Johnson made money by
turning boatman and carrying gold
hunters to and from their ships in a dory.
Captain Bruce is ahead in experience, but
he expects to make .money next season.
Shipping men had a quiet day on the
front yesterday. There were three ar
rivals — the Fteamer Alcatraz from Port
Los Anseles, the schooner Glen from
Byxbee Landing and the schooner Alex
ander from Needle Rock.
If ever there was a ciaft that has a his
tory the Alexander Is that one. She
came out here from England as a slde
wheelor and did good service, qn Puget
Sound. After her days of usefulness as
a steamer were gone she was sold to the
hlKhcst bidder. T. P. H. Whitelaw of
San Francisco bought the old-timer and
taking the machinery out and the paddle
boxes off, he turned her .Into a. four
masted schooner. The hull is of teak
and sound as a nut. but still the old craft
will leak when under full canvas.
When the Nome excitement was at Its
height a man named Pierson secured the
vessel and put her on tlie run for the gold
fields. A number of women took pas
sage, but the vessel never sailed and a
libel suit followed. In the end the
Alexander was sold and her new owner3
sent her to Xeedle Rock • to load for
Salinas Cruz. The old-timer Is leaking,
but .sailormen say she is perfectly sea
worthy. Still she must be overhauled, as
the men say they will not man the pumps
every hour between here and Salinas
Cruz.
Departing Vessels.
Out of a fleet of twenty craft ready to
fail only seven were able to get away
yesterday. Many of the deep-water ves
sels cannot procure crews and some of
the coasters could not get their cargoes
aboard. The v steam schooner Whites
boro got awafr for one of the lumber
ports, the Zealandia, with the Mystic
Shrlners aboard, depaited for the Par.i-
I dise of the Pacific; the barkentlne John
L.. Eviston sailed for Tacoma. th*
pchnoner Corthlncan for Bowens Landing
and the Eliza Miller for Grays Harbor.
i This list of arrivals and departures forms
one of the smallest lists seen on the books
of the Merchants* Exchange in many a
long day.
SEE RA A SAILS
ON HER VOYAGE
TO THIS COAST
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 11.— The
new ' 6^)0-ton stcimship Sierra,
built by the Cramps for the
Oceanic Steamship Company to ply
between the Pacific Coast and Aus
tralia, sailed from that yard for
San Francisco at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. She ha3 .coal enough in
her bunkers to carry her the entire
Journey -without stop and It i3 ex
pected that the new ship will reach
her destination In from thirty-six
to thirty-eight days." Ship* have
hitherto made the trip wfthout
stop..
The Sierra returned to Cramp3
on Monday from her trial trip,
when she made an average speed
of seventeen knots and was bo
satisfactory in other respects that
she was immediately prepared for
her long trip around the Horn.
She is manned by her regular of
ficers and crew.
The Sierra is the first of three
ships built for the Spreckels Una
-to leave Cramps, the other two.
named the Sonoma, and Ventura,
being: scheduled to go within the
next six weeks.
Booked for Nome, but Passengers Libeled Her.
Sold arid Put in the Lumber Trade— Home •
Again in Distress.
Cherbourg; stmr Grosser Kurfurst, for Bremen,
via Cherbourg; stmr La Touralne, for Havre.
Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Germanic, from Liver
pool and Que»>hstown: itmr Leon XIII, from
Genoa, Barcelona and Cadiz.
L1ZAR1>— Passed Oct 11— Stmr L'Aqultaine.
from ¦ Havre, for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared Oct 11-Stmr Sier
ra, for San Francisco.
QUEF.XSTOWN- Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Penn
land, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
Patted Oct 11— Stmr Majestic, for New York;
stmr Belgenland, for Philadelphia; both from
Liverpool.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Aller. fm
Bremen and Southampton, for New York.
Arrived Oct 11— Strnr Columbia, from New
York, for Hamburg
nOTTERDAM-Arrlvcd Oct ll-Stmr Spaarn
dam, from New York, via Boulogne.
Bailed Oct 11— Stmr Staatendam, for New
BREMEN— Sallid Oct 11— Stmr Trier, for
New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Fumessla.
from New York.
LONDON— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Menomlnee.
Sailed" Oct 11— Strar Minneapolis, for N«w
York.
PLYMOUTH-Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Columbia,
from New York, for Cherbourg.
Steamer Movements.
Directions: Write with ink on whito paper -and on only one side of each
sheet. The name and address of th*« candidate should be distinctly written at the
top of each sheet of examination papor. Candidates writing upon more than
one course should mail their examinations In separate packages. Mail the sheets
without rolling and with as little folding as possible. See that postage 13 fully
prepaid.
The names of successful candidates will be arranged in three groups accord
ing to order of virierit, as follows: 11) Kxcellent, (2) good. (3) fair.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the
courses. Candidates will have three \^eeks in which to prepare their answers.
Certificates will be granted in each course to students whose examination
papers meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all papers to
The Home Study Circle, The San Francisco Call. Mark all papers "Exami
nation."
EXAMINATIONS.
Copyright, 1900,
Seymour Eaton
OLD-TIME SCHOONER ALEXANDER
COMES BACK TO PORT ONCE MORE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1900.
7
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
COMPARATIVE STUDIES OF TWO CENTURIES.
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Czarina SeattI* Oct. 13
Bonlta Newport Oct. 12
Mattfawan Tacotna Oct. 13
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 12
\V. H. Kragfr.. Tlllamook Oct. 12
Wellington Oyster Harbor Oct. 13
Mackinaw Seattle Oct. 13
Condor Seattle •' Oct. 13
San Matoo Nanalmo Oct. 13
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 13
laqua |N«wport Oct. 1*
Santa Rosa |San Diego Oct. II
Walla Walla ..Victoria... Oct. 14
Del Norte jPortland Oct. 14
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 14
Orace Dollar... I Orajr* Harbor Oct. 14
Willamette ISeattl* Oct. 13
Progrcso JTacoma Oct. 1»
Crescent City... [Crescent City Oct. 15
North Fork ....IHumbolrtt . Oct. 15
Eureka iHumbolcU Oct. 16
Coqullle River.. [Grays Harbor Oct. 15
City of Pelting China and Japan Oct. 16
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 1«
State California Portland Oct. 17
Tltanla Nanalmo Oct. 17
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. IS
Corona San Dlega Oct. IS
Steamer, Destination. I Bans. | Pier.
Corona iSan DI^ro lOct. II. 11 ami Pier U
Arg*> ICoquille R....!Oct. 12. I
Rainier (Seattle |Oct. 13, 5 pm|Pler 13
City FutUla I Victor!* (Oct. 1J. llamiPier 9
Eureka ....iHumboldt (Oct. IS. 10 arnlPler 13
Iaqua IHumboldt [Oct. 14. 10 am|Pler 2
Czarina ..>[S*aUl« Oct. 14. 5 pm Pier 8
Honlta ls>wpnrt Oct. 14. 11 am Pier 24
Empire jCoos Bay Oct. 14. 10 am Pier 13
Pomona ...|llum!«l<it Oct. 15. 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia ..(Portland Oct. IS. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena. .(Point Arena.. Oct. 16, 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa'Pan nl»po Oct. 1*. 11 am PJ*r 11
Arcata ]Coob Bay Oct. 17, 12 m Pier 13
Del Norte.. (Portland Oct. 17
Amer MarulChlna&Japan Oct. 17. 1 pm PMSS
Queen iHonolulu Oct. 17, 2 pm Pier 7
Coos Bay.i'.lNewport- Oct. 1?. Sam Pier 11
North ForklHomboJHt Oct. 18, 9 am Pier 2
Walla W.. .[Victoria Oct. 18. 11am Pier 9
City* Para.. New York Oct. IK 12 mlPMSS
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Czarina SeattI* Oct. 13
Bonlta Newport Oct. 12
Mattfawan Tacotna Oct. 13
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 12
\V. H. Kragfr.. Tlllamook Oct. 12
Wellington Oyster Harbor Oct. 13
Mackinaw Seattle Oct. 13
Condor Seattle •' Oct. 13
San Matoo Nanalmo Oct. 13
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 13
laqua |N«wport Oct. 1*
Santa Rosa |San Diego Oct. II
Walla Walla ..Victoria... Oct. 14
Del Norte jPortland Oct. 14
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 14
Orace Dollar... I Orajr* Harbor Oct. 14
Willamette ISeattl* Oct. 13
Progrcso JTacoma Oct. 1»
Crescent City... [Crescent City Oct. 15
North Fork ....IHumbolrtt . Oct. 15
Eureka iHumbolcU Oct. 16
Coqullle River.. [Grays Harbor Oct. 15
City of Pelting China and Japan Oct. 16
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 1«
State California Portland Oct. 17
Tltanla Nanalmo Oct. 17
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. IS
Corona San Dlega Oct. IS
Steamer, Destination. I Bans. | Pier.
Corona iSan DI^ro lOct. II. 11 ami Pier U
Arg*> ICoquille R....!Oct. 12. I
Rainier (Seattle |Oct. 13, 5 pm|Pler 13
City FutUla I Victor!* (Oct. 1J. llamiPier 9
Eureka ....iHumboldt (Oct. IS. 10 arnlPler 13
Iaqua IHumboldt [Oct. 14. 10 am|Pler 2
Czarina ..>[S*aUl« Oct. 14. 5 pm Pier 8
Honlta ls>wpnrt Oct. 14. 11 am Pier 24
Empire jCoos Bay Oct. 14. 10 am Pier 13
Pomona ...|llum!«l<it Oct. 15. 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia ..(Portland Oct. IS. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena. .(Point Arena.. Oct. 16, 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa'Pan nl»po Oct. 1*. 11 am PJ*r 11
Arcata ]Coob Bay Oct. 17, 12 m Pier 13
Del Norte.. (Portland Oct. 17
Amer MarulChlna&Japan Oct. 17. 1 pm PMSS
Queen iHonolulu Oct. 17, 2 pm Pier 7
Coos Bay.i'.lNewport- Oct. 1?. Sam Pier 11
North ForklHomboJHt Oct. 18, 9 am Pier 2
Walla W.. .[Victoria Oct. 18. 11am Pier 9
City* Para.. New York Oct. IK 12 mlPMSS
"The Days of Forty-Nine"
and "The Days of Gold" seem
in a fair -way to be surpassed
by "The Days of Ninety-Nine
and Naughty."
Fortunes Hade in Oil from
a mere "shoestring" for a
bank account!
, Who have captured the
prizesP
How did they do itP
How much have the"^
, made?
Is there any chance left for
a poor man to become a mil-
1 lionaireP *
! Next Sunday's Call will tell
• you all about it!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE
DRESSES AND SEPARATE
SKIRTS.
TAILOR-MADE TAILOR-MADE
BLGUSE DRESSES W& DRESSES
In fin- Pebble ; Cheviot _S§3fw». Fine w ° o1 Venetian
cloths Oik* jilustra- /^W^Ir^ Cloth, jacket elegantly
: -., handsomely fcf^S^ silk-lined; the new bell
trimmed with Hitched /*O^4 sleeve: skirt has flare
bands of satin; has the /c/Np'O. bottom — black, gray
new cut sk:n — blacks, iM J^~^\ and tan; it is a $16.50
navys and the new \4 fl \\ ¥v\ dress; SPECIALLY
shades: worth $27.50; Wl/-''^o\sb PRICED
TRICE I^M'. V.»| A *P' z:}U<
SZ^O. SftfgB f LOxG BLACK
LONG BLACK Ml 1 SEPARATE SKIRTS
SEPARATE SKIRTS %\ \ A '¦. i« «"!, ***>*
I M \ \V Cheviots, handsomely
In All-Wool Pebble M- ••,/£'{ ;'*>;*. Apl trimmed with bands rf
Cheviots — 2ap seams — / *, ]l X.t ¦•'•V^\ stitched taffeta silk:
well made and lined: /. '' r '''h y AS'\ v : ~ \$b\ wcl1 lined and fin "
,onh Jiioo; SPE- gpg§it! S °''
S8.50. - $10-00.^
1/FI I V £ E IFRFQ' CL0AK AM) SUIT H0USE '
l\L.Ll_T Ot t_It-DI-O 120 KE43NY STREET.
AMUS'EMEJTTS^
NOTHING BDTJEADLINERS!
GAMiLLE D'ARVILLE !
TCM NAWN AND COMPANY.
EDDIE 6I3ARD— AKD-JESS1E GARDNER
THE GREAT EVERHART.
WILLIS TROUPE.
TIIREn rOIKIERS. BELLE DAVIS.
THE AMERICAN BIOGRAPH, ;
Sho»in£ a
Panorama of the Wrecked City
of Galveston
V.t'TTvi. feats'. 2^r; balcony, 10c; oper* chsJrs
:.r -. !.«• x E»ats. .".0c.
Matir.f^s Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TO-NIGHT AKD SATURDAY EVENING.
"TJih BARBr.' OF StVJLLE."
6ATCHDAT MATINEE and SUNDAY XIGHT.
"THE JEWESS."
The Greatest Triumph of the Season.
NEXT WEEK.
M^r.iay-VERDI Birthday Celebration.
BelectlOtM from Verdi" 6 Best Opera*.
Tu'«1ay. Thursday. Pundav Nights. Sa.t. Mat..
•CAP.ME.V," with a Kemarkable Cast. Inclu<i-
inc the Famous Diva. COL.LAMARINI.
\\>->fsday. Fri-iay, Saturday Ni«;ht*. -THE
JEWESS."
POPCUllt TTIT'TIS— CS and CO cents.
Telephone Bush S.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AXD SUNDAY.
NEWI'tf*^*WW ixj&a H PANY
ONLY THIS WEEK!
The New York Comedy Success,
Next weclc-THE ENSIGN.
EVENING PRICES— UK?. LSe. -3c. COc.
A Fern- Front Rows In Orchestra 75c
MATINEE I'RICES— lOc. 15e. S3e 50c
No Higher
Trar.ch Ticket Office— Eraportum.
oLVh eaj r £rA >
LAST THREE NIGHT&
MATIKEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
WE UNS OF
TENNESSEE
EEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
t THE CORSICA^ BROTHERS."
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
ALF. ELLINGHOrSE. l'rop. and Mgr.
t Phone South 773.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY
THE RECORD-BREAKER!
HOYTS Very Best Effort
A Texas Steer !
AN ALL-FTAR COMPANY!
Frcra Horfs MadlFon-Soaare Theater. N. Y.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
THE MAN FROM MEXICO.
•Take OH That Hat!"
POPULAR PRICES:
Evenings 15c, 25c. 35c. 50c and 75c.
Matinee 13c. 23c, 25c and 50c.
FABBRI'S THEATER
'ODD FELI/>WB - HALL.)
GR&SD 0FE5;HQ MQ3I MONJAY, Oet 15, 1900.
The week's rroFr«".3iir.e will conflict Of a De-
lictaful Faro? Comedy.
AN' OPKKETTA BY OFFENBACH.
Tnr»"th#T with an olio of specialties, dances,
For-jrs and f:ketches of rare merit by a host of
rmsnent artists.
r.very Friday ewnint GERMAN PERFORM-
ANCE br » splendid company of players.
I'. I»ular rrlcs— 2Tic and £0c. Box eheet at
F'.iftman, Clay & Co.'s. - - ;•
CHUTES AN^ZOO.^^SI"
BCEXES OF THE GREAT GALVESTON
DISASTER.
THE CONGO FAMILY,
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
GRAND CAKEWALK!
T*-!«phone for Seats — Park 2S. •
FISCHER'S co ? a c i. R J 00 '? 0 ° USE -
Allea Raymond. John Kurkarnp. Lillian
Jeanette. Mae Tuni&on. Eudora Forde. Oscar
i-!er.an, R^t^n ems. Antonio Vargas. JIarvId
iiisford and New Moving Pictures.
Resened tf-att, 25c; Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO B/ATf-lS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to It p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to II n. in.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bcthlnc. Including admission. 25c: children. 20c
AEITJSEMENTS.
COMMEXCIXG SUNDAY AFTERXOOX.
EUXDAY NIGHT AXD ALL. XEXT WEEK,
0PEKIS6 Of the REGULAR SEASON
THE POLITE, COMEDY CLASSIC
Direct From New York. With the Original
Past, in
1 "A HINDOO !
I HOODOO." |
IiK-ludlns
AXXA BOYD. GEORGE LARSEX. MATTIE
LOCKETTE and V) Others.
Remember, the fanu Popular Prices :
Xight, 2Sc. BOc. T."»c; Matinees. 25c, 5Oc.
Matinees Saturdaj- and Sunday.
SEATS NOV/ READY FOR THE
SECOND WEEK
Every Eve. Except Fun. Matinee Sat.
F. C. WHITNEY and EDWIN KNOWLES"
! rtDlPIIVAI "nJ AI1 Imroslns
; WI\.!vlll>>-*L-. New York Production o:
¦
1OO— PEOPLE— 1OO! C— GREAT ACTS— O!
PRICES 91.5O. 51. 75c, 5Oc. 25c j
We Know j
and want you to know-
that
"Kp-Nut"
A Pure Sterilized Vege-
table fat from the Cocoa-
nut where used for ;
Shortening '
and Frying "
is superior in every re-
spect to Butter, Lard and
Compounds. Ask your
Grocer, or write j
India Refining Co.,
Philadelphia.
§VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for ME>J
MORMON BISHOP'S P1LL3
have been In use over flfty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Pcsltlvely cures the
woret cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
.cirarette-smokinR. Cures Lo»t
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Xlght Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Hack,
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltnees to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, n Varicocele or Con-
stlpatlon. Stops Ne *^ ffJ nous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects JT^J^^a r e Immediate.
Impart vigor fcnd***-" • to every
function. Don't eet despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restores email, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; EOc a
box: 6 for S2 SO by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with < boxes. Circulars
tree. ACdress BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 49 Ellis
St.. San Francisco, Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
28 and 40 Third st.
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
9 Si 153EASBSST.tQt.e±M&.S.r.C*l.i
T .Gf The Largest Anatomickl Museum In the \
S ._'iil7Wi_ World. UetxaexM or any conrracted 4
\. l5£S3& <!¦«¦«- |»-<lil'flycnr«li, r iht«ldMt *
S' iSQl apecitliit rn the Cou; Esc. j6 year*.
£ ti*Wl m - •03QAM--PMWTE DISEASES 4
1 »$?}Kt&H <-o?«u!tstion f:rf and zirstij priraft \
0 t J&Q 3 ~^ n l ' meBX - personally nt by lr»:er. A A
¦£ S fftftW A>hm ArnUnCTycncmdcrukn. \
Situ 1£> Write for Book. PBILOSurnStr A
W I H Y% S4IIBUGE, MAILID PJLStU (AT
X Q j. valuable boob fcr arn) \
7 nn JOBDAN& CO.. 1051 Market 3t..&F. f
Price 25 cents. AUdruggists. or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD, 175 N. Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
JP\ MEN
WHp?'^2r»ffl LOST VIGOR
f£\A '^£TT\ RESTORED!
igiil^, OR. COOPER & CO.,
g5tiga E N^^K | ,«!lgy - Can Francisco. Cat.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Make* weak mon and women strong and itrons
men and womi n stronger. Room* 5 and C. 47
i'est st^ Su Francisco. CaL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIVE DOLLARS A BOX.
The Price dut No Figure With Him.
I want to ?ay for the benefit of some
poor dyspeptic that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will give comfort and a cure
every time. Five dollars a box would not
stop my purchasing them should I ever
suffer again as I did for a week before
using them.
The one u0-cent box I bought 'at my
druggist's did the work, and my diges-
tion fs all risht again.
Many of my neighbors have also tried
these tablet3 and found them to be just as
represented, and Mr. Ellms also wants me
to use his name In Indorsing Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets. Signed.
A. ELLMS and
CHARLES F. BUZZELL.
Asst. Postmaster. South Sudbury. Ma«s.
Mrs. James Karton of Toronto, Can.,
writes: For eighteen months I suffered
from what I supposed was bladder and
kidney trouble, and took medlelr.e from
three different doctors, without any sign
of cure. I felt so ill at last I was hardly
able to do my work.
I thought 1 would try a box of Stuart'*
Dyspepsia Tablets and see if they would
make me feel better, never really think-
ing I had dyspepsia, but after only three
or four tablets had been taken all the acid
trouble disappeared and then I discovered
I had. had acid dyspepsia, while the doc-
tors had been treating me for kidney and
bladder tro.uble. and one of them treated
me for rheumatism.
My digestion is fine, my complexion
clear and I am able to do my -work, and
low spirits are unknown to me.
I am so thankful for finding a cure so
good and so pleasant to take as Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets. I am surprised at the
change they have made in me.
All druggists sell and recommend Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, because they
contain only the simple natural digestives,
and taken after meals prevent acidity
and cause prompt digestion and assimila-
tion of food.
Physicians everywhere Indorse them be-
cause they are as safe for the child as
for the adult; they are invaluable for
sour stomach, nervous dyspepsia, heart-
burn, gas on stomach and bowels and
every form of stomach derangement.
I do not beliere thero
J^#j?3*£J^V is a case of dyspep-
8ia * indigestion cr
f&T Bn T •tomach troubb
Zgr Aj&that cannot be re-
Bn J3gSy lieTed at onc« and
M permanently cured
v JW 7 my DYSPEPSIA
\»^=1# MUNYON.
JC^y*^, 'At all drugsrfsts,
VraYQtafeSsKwSw 23c. a TiaL Guide
* ra^"r*W t0 H « alth "d medi-
) r cal advice free. 1505
' Arch street. Phila.
MtlMMHIIiH
Use WHITE COTTOLENE
and avoid greasy and impure ani-
maj fats, especially hog fat. ,, '
If you want to be a good cook
use
WHITE COTTOLENE.
Qr c - ' ! 7 *?3 The N.K.Fairbank Company,
/ ¦_•',. jL-LfTjiS Chicago— Sol* Mjuuifaeturera.
I^^^^H/fK^^ ! Oar «l«lntT bookVt.
PLfilVCfsSn tnaUe *l '"* *** * n 7 »«Wr»»». Kor
L»V5£i?&*^54 "WSf «s»m? wr «lll wnd fr^ nr
I»VS**S41 IS* T*Kp> rwHne book. -llama
%i^*i*fi*.*5' Helps." edited by lira, lcorcr.
U&b*^ PAINLESS
£^^^^^^ Our S5.00 PlatJs
<UL""^^^ 315% GEARY STREET
B«twe«n Hyde and l-arkla.
Tele&oon* Polk 1X3S.CHICAGO, Oct. U.-CATTLE— Receipts, 10 -
000. including 1000 Texans and 600 Westerns
Choice light steers steady, others weak, closing
lower. Good to prime steers, J5 40®5 S5; poor to
medium, J4 40@5 33; selected feeders, J3 75{?4 40*
mixed stockers. J2 7563 65; * cows. J2 C5Q4 25*
heifers. $2 VjQ* 75: canners. J2@2 50; bulls. $2 73
@4 CO; calves. J4@6 10; Texas fed steers $4«»
i ".*0; grass strers. $3 25@4 10-^ bulls, $2 5Otf/3 23
HOGS— Receipts to-dav. 26.000; to-morrow!
23,000; left over. 2C00. . Shade lower; quality
good; closing firmer; top, J5 25. Mixed and
butchers'. $4 90©* 25; good to choice heavy. $4 95
©5 22Vi; rough heavy, $4 80@4 90; light. J4 85@
5 23: bulk of sales, *5®5 15. .
SHEEP - Receipts, 13,000; sheep, steady;
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— Porter Brothers Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows: Grapes
—Tokay. J3 65@3 75 per double crate. SOcJi Jl S3
per single crate, and clusters $2 20; Comichon
$1 CC@2 15 per single crate; Emperor, $1 25; Ver
de-11, $1 2»; Muscat, 70g«5c. Pears — Beurre Die!
Jl 60; Vicar, Jl 50; Kuster Beurre, Jl lOffll 15-
Winter Nells. 75c®Jl 16.
Earl Fruit Company sales California fruit-
Grapes— Muscats. 65@85c single crates. Pears
— Beurre Clalrgeau. $1 50®l 65 box; Beun-e
Die!. Jl 20@l 25; Nells, average $1 25. Prunes—
Italians, 35®50c single crates. Eight cars fruit
sold to-day. . . -
BOSTON. Oct 11.— The Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit at auction to-day are
as follows: Grapes— Tokays, single crates 70c
©Jl 30, average 92c; Emperor, single crates
average 75c. Four cars sold to-day. Every In
dication of rain.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 11.— The Earl Fruit
Company auctioned California fruit tp-day and
realized the following prices: Grapes—Cornl
chon, single crates, averaged $1 45; Mus
cats, single crates, J2 20(g 2 60, average J2 36 #
Tokays, single crates, Jl 30^1 90. average Jl 65-
Clusters, single crates. Jl 6(>(7?2 50, average J2 07*
Weather hot. Two cars sold to-day
PITTSBURO. Oct. 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Grapes— Tokays
single crates, 60@95c. average 70c. Two cars
sold to-day. ¦
Earl Fruit Company sales California fruit-
Grapes— Tokays, U 05f 2 10 double crates 65c@
Jl 40 single crates; Cornlchon. JiO5@l 10 single
crates. Pears— Nells, average 75c < half box
Prunes— Italians, G5©75c single crates. Nine
cars fruit sold to-day. '
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Porter Brothers Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— Tokay. $1 00^3 40 per double crate, 80c
Q$l 6o per single crate, and clusters Jl 35<jfl 53-
C'crnichon. J3 15 per double crate and Jl 40©l 60
per single crate; assorted, 90c®$l 60; Morocco
J2 35@2 65 per single crate; Muscat, $2ift2 30-
Ferrara; 80c; Emperor, SOcQJl 30; Four-ln-
Iland, SOc.
California Fruit Sales.
* — £
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Dec. Feb.
e! J ln B 6 3 6 3%
Closing 6 2% 6 3',i
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-April.
1 "!"* 20 15 2150
Clremg 2 0 2150
Flour —
PJ*"'"* 25 60 27 35
Closing 25 65 27 35
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2®4c per lb:
.Strins Beans, 14@-3c; Limas, l%ST2Hc per lb;
Cabbage. Jl; - Tomatoes, Bay, 20@50c; Egg
Plant. 35@50c per box; Green Okra, 40^€Uc ;
Green Peppers, 25(&50c per box for Chill and 35©
fOc for Bell; Dried Peppers. lOCtljc: Carrots.
25{Tr.5c per sack; Summer Squash, 50@75e ¦ for
Alameda ; Cucumbers, , 25240c Xor Alameda ;
POTATOES— Burbanks. 35«50c for Rivers and
35c(3Jl 10 per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 63@75c for
Rivers and 85c® Jl 10 for Merced.
• ONIONS— 50(g66c per ctl:"Plckle Onions. 359
60c. . ......
Sweet Potatoes have a» wider ran«, accord
ing to quality.
Tomatoes Rre In' larger supply." quiet and
lotfer. Other Vegetables show 'little change.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables
. "With the exception of Bayos, colored Beans
are very weak and declining, as supplies are
said to be very large. White descriptions are
also weak. Receipts cf. all kinds are increas-
BKANS- Bayop. $1 90@2 10: Small White.
J3 2S#3 &0- Larre White. $2 25<?2 50; Pink. $2 10
*T2 20: Red. $3'; Blackeyc, $2 bO<3V 60; Lima,
Jo 25@5 30; Pea, ?3 6C<g3 85; Red Kidneys, $3 25
63 60. ' ' .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 4c; Yellow Mustard,
5c; Klax. J2S2 50; Canary. 3}fcc per lb for Call-
Rape? 2V4©3c: C He > mp. 4S4'/&c': Timothy. 4<y4^c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60@2; Green, Jl SO^
2 HO per ctl; Blackeye, $1 60@l 75. ' S
Beans and Seeds.
The medium crades of Hay are now reported
very stiff, and even the poorer lines rule firm.
Prices remain without change. Feedstufts are
as previously quoted. ,
BRAN— JlwST/ 50 per to».
MIDDLINGS— $17021 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. «5@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J25@26; Jobbing.
$2« 50; Cocoanut Cake, $174*18; Corn Meal, $26©
27: Cracked Corn, $26 506*27 50; Mixed Feed,
J1I016.
HAY-Volunteex. $5(38; Wheat. J11O13 50;
Wheat and Oat. J10®12 60; Oat, J0@ll 50; Clover,
$4@6; Alfalfa, $708 50; Barley, $7@8 per ton.
STRAW — 20<J?42Hc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual ' discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour, J7; Corn 'Meal, $2 73;
extra cream ' do. J3 50; Oat Groats,, Jl 50; Hom
ing, $3 SOS'S 75; ' Buckwheat Flour, $4C'J4 23:
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), J6@
7 25; In sacks, $5 7507; Pearl Barley, J5; Split
Peas, J5; Green Peas, J5 60 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60©
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3 40@3 60;
Oregon and Washington, J2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and 5?. ir^rf3 59 for bakers' ; Eastern,
$4 75S5 75 per bbl."
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
70%c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 70*ic.
OATS — The depression In wheat and barley-
Is beginning to affect this market, and the
demand Is reported smaller, , though prices
ehow no weakness. Offerings are not heavy.
White, Jl 30<gl 45; Surprise, Jl 45@1 65; Red,
Jl 15@1 25 for feed and Jl 25<U 1 40 for seed;
Gray, $1 25® 1 35; Ulack. for feed, $1 10® 1 17 J»:
for seed, $1 22H01 32'4 per ctl.
CORN— Eastern Yellow Is quoted at $1 20®
1 25 and Eastern White at Jl 25<gl 30 per ctP,
according to size of lot.
RYE— !<0(&32 I ,ic per ctl.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, *102>i: 8000. U C2%; 6000, Jl 02V».
May-40C0. $108%; 2000. $108%; 2000. Jl OSTi.
16,000. ?1 09. '
Second Session — December — 4000 ctls. $1 02%;
12.000, »1 02H. May— 10,000, Jl 0S%; 12.000. U C8H-
Regular Morning Session— December— 1000 ctls,
Jl Oli*; 4C0O. Jl 01U- May— 2000. Jl 07%; 4000,
Jl 0i%.
Afternoon Serslon— May— 26,000 ctls. |1 07V1:
2000, Jl 07^i; 6000. Jl 07%; 4000. $1 07H; 40u0.
J107; 32.000. $106%; 12.000. Jl W"4.
BARLEY— Extreme dullness still character
izes the market. Offerlcgs are Increasing and
the feeling Is weak.
Feed. 73%ep75c for choice bright. 71H@72^o
for No. 1 and 65370c for off grades; Brewing
and Shipping grades, 77V4@S2 1 ,$c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Paris was higher, but New York was lower.
Chicago opened jjtsady with fair buying, but
of a scalping character. There was less pres
sure to sell, and • the Minneapolis mills were
reported starting up again. The weather In
tho Northwest was reported fine.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1@1 01U; Milling,
Jl C3%@1 06U.
WHEAT— The market continues Its steady
downward course, us will be seen by the quo
tations.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — U 8U4
Sterling Exchanga, sight.....'.... — 4 844
Sterling Cables '..... — '4 S6b
New York Exchange, sight — 07}fc
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50H 9 61
Exchange and Bullion.
Cash Quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat. Tl^^e^ic;
No. 2 red, 77c; No. 2 corn. 41@41Uc: No. 2 yel
low. 41Ht?41 1 ic; No. 2 oats. t2Uc; No. 2 white.
25«4c; No. 3 white. 23',i$J25He; No. 2 rye, 51Hc;
fair to choice barley, malting. 55®60c; No 1
flax seed, $1 70(51 71: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 70
©I 78; prime timothy seed, $4 15@1 25; mess
pork, per bbl, $15® lo &0; lard, per 100 lbs, $7 25®
7 20; short ribs sides (loose). $7 80@8 10; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 6HO6%c; short clear
sides (boxed), «S 3CX5S 40; sugars, cut loaf, 6.60o;
granulated. 6.10c; confectioners' A, 6.00c; off A,
6.85c; clover, contract grade. $10 20® 10 &0.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 28.003 24,000
Wheat, bushels 222,000 209 000
Corn, bushels 410,000 983 000
Oats, bushels 358,000 265,000
Rye. bushels 7,000 7 000
Barley, bushels ., io.qqq zi.m
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creamery. 18®20Hc; Dairy
13<518c. Cheese, firm, 10U©U%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 17c.
CHICAGO. Oct. 11.— While there was market
news of various kinds served up to the consid
eration of. speculators In wheat, the market
more than anything else owed its irregularity
and lt was irregular— to the Instability of sen
timent among small traders. December opened
K0%c higher at 78H0?6%& Paris was firm;
I-Jverpool steady; three mills at Minneapolis
were reported about to ivopen and receipts at
Duluth were light. Sentiment changed, how
ever, and December sold Quickly down to 76V»c.
It recovered to 76%c Just as quickly, and in this
was assisted by the strength of outside mar
kets and buying by the Northwest. Near the
end the usual hoodoo, outside indifference,
made Itself felt, and December 'declined to
75Hc and closed %c down, at 76@:76%c
Corn was iirm and fairly active. December
closed H&Uc higher at 34T4c.
Oats were quiet and the tone easy. De
cember closed Uo down at 22Vic.
Provisions started ttrm on \t\e hog receipts,
which were 8000 under the estimate. A bulge
followed the opening on liberal buying by
those who had sold earlier in the week, but
later the market turned easier in sympathy
with wheat. The close waa steady, January
pork 2V:C lower and ribs .unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. II— The stock market fell |
lr.to a condition approaching stagnation dur
ing the latter nours of the trading. The under
tone was heavy, the dribbling orders finding i
no support whatever. The trading between
the boardroom members made up the whole
market, ani owing to the relative dullness of
the gold market the movement In People's Gas
v,.»s made conFriiouous. The pressure against
the stock was continued early in the day, but
the bears, who have eoid the stock continu
ously for some time r-ast. became disquieted
lat^r in the day over the extent of their cora
rriitTr.ents and a vague suspicion that the gas
war in Chicago was not as unrelenting as waa
made to appear en the surface. The published
rcfjort that the Ogden Company was buying Its
additional equipment from sources dominated
by lntco-yts trlendly to tho People's Gu Com
jiany v. as the cause. Fr« m SIS, as the low
point, the stock forged steadily upward to £;*»,
with cymr>toms of increasing urgency in the
buying demand from the short Interest. The
cic-fc<= was at the highest with a net <raln of
3%. Nothing could more Ftrlkingiy demon
strate the Inertness of the general market than
Its utter failure to respond to this rather sen-
Rational movement. The dullness at the close
was unrelieved and the days net changes were
mixed and entirely insignificant. The money
market thr.werl a rather reactionary tendency,
34 I* r cent representing the maximum rate,
compared with i j*r cent yesterday. Late in
the day the rate ran down to l\ per cent, but
as this r-ame after the principal demand had
h«-en satisfied, it was not considered as a fair
Index of the ruling rate. The movement to
»w Orleans and St. Louis was merely nominal.
Foreign exchange also steadied this morning,
but fell away again In the afternoon with the
news that the price of gold In London had
been advanced another haif-'»enny an ounce
for both gold ban. and Amc«can eagles. The
rise in gold neutralized the action of the gov
ernors of the Bank of England In retaining
the discount rate at 4 rnr cent. The weekly
return of the bank al«io shows that the failure
to advance the rate Is probably a temporary
policy having consideration for the need of the
home market rather than Indicating a belief
that the demand for gold from New York does
not need further resistance.
Business, in bonds was very small, and price
ch&riKes Irregular. Total sales, par value W05 -
GOO. United States new 4s declined H per cent
on the last calL
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Stock- CT £ d n *
800 Atchison 27?
5,225 Atchison prefd \\'" 53L
3.SC0 lJaHln-iore & Ohio \\\ gj?
200 Canadian Pacific '
3C0 Canada Southern */*' M
CTie»a.r>eake & Ohio .*" 27V
Chicago Great Western io^
4,300 Chicago Eurlington & Quincy.... i»4^«
Chicago Ind & Louisville Ji
200 Chicago Ind &. Louisville prefd...!!! U
Chicago & Eastern Illinois &«
....... Chicago & Northwestern 159%
SSO Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 1O5»«
110 CCC4 fit Louis €1
« Colorado Southern ,, 51^
Colorado Southern 1st prefd Z6h*
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 14
260 Delaware & Hudson HI
Delaware Lock & Western 17414
£25 Denver & Rio (Jrande iS4
450 Denver & IUo Grande prefd eM;
Erie ., 1I»4
w>? Kri- i«t prefd 23«,
«<Z Great Northern prefd 153^i
Hocklnif Coal H4
100 Hockir.tr Valley 33^
110 Illinois Central 118
100 Iowa Central 17^4
....... Iowa Central prefd 38
Lake Erie & Western 2g
Lake Erie &. Western prefd 9S
Lflke Shore 203
1.030 Louisville & Nashville 71
16.2^0 Manhattan L f>i\
770 Metropolitan Street Railway 14»H
in Mexican Central n\
!00 Minneapolis & St Louis U
iOO Minneapolis &¦ St Iiouls prefd 91H
C.420 Missouri Pacific 49^
Mobil- & Ohio 33H
_ , ; Mleaourl Kanui & Texas..... »'»
800 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 27
225 New Jersey OntraJ 1S3
l.r'.O New York Centra! 12S%
210 Norfolk & Weetern 34
Norfr.Ik & Western prefd Tb%
20.220 Northern Pacific 4SH
:7i Northern Pacific prefd 6SH
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 1L— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— Money on call, firm
at 1%©3V4 per cent: laut loan. 24 per cent;
prime mercantile paper. S®6 per cent; sterling
exchange weak after firmness, with actual busil
nrjss in bankers' bills at J4 83% for demand and
J4 73 T *j for 60 days; posted rates. (4 S1&&4 R5U«
commercial bills. J4 7iV*TT4 7S%: sliver certin
cateK. 63*;6-645tc: bar silver. 63»ic: Mexican
dollars. U>K*c: Government bonds, weak; state
bends, weak; railroad bonds, irregular.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— The Commercial Ad
verticer's London financial cablegram Bays:
The markets here were Idle and sagging to
day. The absence of a rise in the Bank of
England rate had little effect. Americans were
heavy on Berlin selling of Northern Pacific*.
American securities are the only ones readily
realizable, because of the new bourse regula
tlom prohibiting shorts. Germany and the
United States are Inquiring for gold at 77s 11<I,
but getting none. Money was steady to-da.y
and bills firm on the bank return. The bank
rate. It Is expected, will be advanced on Thurs-
CLOSING.
Atcblson. 27T4: Canadian Pacific. SSV4; Union
Pacific preferred. 76; Xorthern PacHic pre
ferred. 7l«4: Grand Trunk. 6H; Annconda, $>i.
Bar silver, quiet. 29 »-l$d. Money, 1V4@2 per
cent.
New York Money Market.
London Market.
E00 Ontario & Western «N4
Oregon Hallway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
8,200 Pennsylvania 1*W»
Reading : 15^
1.700 Reading 1st prefd 51 7 4
Reading 2d prefd 23V»
Rio Grande 'Western 43
Rio Grande Western prefd W
100 St Louis & San Fran 10%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 64fci
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33
300 St Louis Southwestern UK
600 St Louis Southwestern prefd 2S 7 *
4,010 Et Paul H1H
St Paul prefd , 3W^
gt Paul & Omaha 10$
400 Southern Pacific 32H
• 2<X) Southern Railway II 1 *
640 Southern Railway prefd i^
Texas & Pacific 15 l 4
16,573 Union Pacific •- 57H
919 Union Pacific prefd 73>»
SW Wabash 1
£SG Waha/sh prefd IVk
I Wheeling & Lake Erie S 1 *
| Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 23*»
145 Wisconsin Central 11
Third Avenue 10»H
Express companies—
Adam* 1*3
American 150
United States 4*>
j Wells-Fargo 121
' Miscellaneous —
f^O American Cotton Oil 33* A
i .' American Cotton Oil prefd MS
(SO American Malting .: 4*i
American Malting prefd 22
£00 American Smelting & Refin 37*i
125 American Smelting & Refln prefd .. SS>4
American Spirits 1
American Spirits prefd 17
j American SteeJ Hoop lS^i
I American Steel Hood prefd 67
I 2.SS5 American Steel & Wire 32%
720 American Steel & Wire prefd 73
300 American Tin Plate Sl\
ISO American Tin Plate prefd S3
I 3,200 American Tobacco S9Ti
I American Tobacco prefd 12i
125 Anaconda Mining Co 42Vi
6.525 Brooklyn Rapid Transit f>l*ti
330 Colorado Fuel & Iron '.... 33' s
5,410 Continental Tobacco 25^»
300 Continental Tobacco prefd 77
2,715 Federal Steel 33»i
410 Federal Steel rrefd C3?i
! General Electric
! Glucose Sugar 49
i Glucose Sugar prefd 9S>4
! 1.4S5 International Paper 17' a
800 International I'aper prefd 63
I Laclede Gae 63
300 National Biscuit 32
i National Biscuit prefd 57
j National Lead 17^
National Lead prefd S9^
6S; National Steel 26't,
5iO NaUonal Steel prefd S3Vs
I New York Air Brake 114
JT9 North American 14\i
Pacific Coast 57V*
! Pacific Coast 1st rrefd S3
Pacific Coast 2d prefd K6H
415 Pacific Mail S0Vi
44.235 People's Gas &S4
300 Pressed Steel Car 2S\
1S5 Pressed Steel Car prefd 75U
200 Pullman Palace Car 1S5
10O Standard Rope & Twine 5^i
6.725 Sugar 1153,
100 Sugar prefd 116
1*173 Tennessee Coal & Iron 55Ss
S'.3 United States Leather 9 7 »
3'<i United States Leather prefd CSV*
270 United States Rubber 23
Umted States Rubber prefd 934
840 Western Union 78 " I
600 Republic Iron & Steel Co 11V4
300 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 52^
PC C & St Louis £2
180.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2p reg ref, 1 Do 4s 90H ¦
when issued 103%! N* Y Cent lsts lCS^i <
Do coup 103\lV J Cent gen 5s. .123
Do 3s reg 10S=vj Northern Pac 3s.. 64H !
Do 3s couo 1OJH! Do 4s ..102^i '
Do new 4s reg..l33rij N Y C & S L 4«..10i?b !
Do new 4s coup.. 133V Nor & W con 4s.. OCV4
Do old 4s reg.,114 1 *' Or Nav lsts 109 j
Do old 4s COUP..114H' Do 4s lWri 1
Do 5s rer 113',; O S Line Cs 1/; '
Do 5s coup 113'i Do con 5s 112 !
Dlst of C 3.C:s....l23 ; Reading Gen 4s... S6*» ;
Atch gen 4s S9 R C W lsts ...... 93
Do adjt 4s 65H S L & I M con Ss.lOSH
Canada So 2dsi 106>-» 5 L & 8 F Gen 6S.122H
C & O 4Hs 9S«*;St Paul con 153 ¦:
Do 5s 119Vi ; St P C & P lsts. .1174 !
C & N con 7s 133 ! Do 1% 119 1
Do S F Deb 5S..120H S P 4s 7814 I
Chi Term 4s 91S» i ho Ry Ss H*
I Colo So 4s liy* Standard It & T 6s e«
jD & R G lsts. ...103 j Tex & Pac lats-.m 1 *
Do 4s 9$V Do 2ds 5S
I Erie Gen 4s €S4 U P 4s .'..104H
! Ft W & D C lsts.. 714 Wabash lsts 117^4
Oen Elec 5s 117 Do 2ds lOl**.
Iowa Cent lsts ..111 Wf-at Shore 4s ...113H
L & N Unl 4s.... 9S»4 Wls Cent lsta 83"^,
M K & T 2ds 65 Va Centuries S34
MINING STOCKS.
21' Ontario 6 00
Trqwn Point •... 14 Ciphlr 7s
! 3on Cal & Va 1 20 Plymouth 12
i Deadwood bOi Quicksilver 1 7o
j 3ould & Curry 75 do prefd 6 00
I Hale & Norc ... 32 Sierra Nevada 33
I llomeiitake &5 0" rtanaanl 3 ?o
Iron Silver 65 t.'ninn Con K
I Mexican 23! l'ellow Jacket 24
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- Union Land 11V4
Tall loana 3?4! West End 81%
Time loans 4> / ifj6 Wls Cent 11
Stocks- Bonda-
A.tchison 27\ /Vtchlson 4s 9$K
do prefd €9', I N E O & Coke 5s. 62
Am Sucsr 114% Mining shares— -
do prefd Hi'si Adventure 4«
Bell Telephone ....140 | Mlouez Mln Co ... IS
Boston & Albany.. 247 Amalg Copper 87
Boston &. Maine... 187 Ulantlc 22
124%,! Hoston & Mont.'.'"325
Dom Coal 3s«-,i Butte & Boston 60
p?HcT e ? 1 X \l t:alum et & HecIa..76O
Fed Steel 33 Centennial IZK
<1° Prefd 634 Franklin 14
ritchburg prefd ...12SI, Humboldt 23
Gen Elec prefd US i")sceola 68
Ed E!ec 111 215 j Parrot . "... 41
5f*.SS? M "%! 3u1ncy ...".'." ";:"l43
Mich Telephone ... S5 I 5anta Fe Copper.. 6
N E G & Coke.... 12 \ Tamarack ...:... ...332
Old Colony 2C3U' t.tah Mining 30V«
J1A Dominion 20 ' Wlnona 2^1
j Union Pac Z7%\ Wolverines 40
1 — _
Condition of Trade.
The New Ycrk circular of Henry Clews says:
"Affalrf are well situated «o far at respects
financial interests at large. The return* o> the
clear!ng-houe?s Indicate a generally healthy
eor.flitlon cf business. At this period of last
year *v«> were In the midst of the enormous
transarti'rr.s connected m-ith the reconstruction
of Industrial crgranlratione and the exchange"
tcr fl\e weeks dated In September aggregated
JS.Cro.COO.COO for the whole eountrj" tor the
corresponding u-e*ks of 1900 we. have a total of
*6.G71.000.00U: the difference of JL449.00O.O00. or
IS." per cent, representing a period of wild
speculative excitement compared with one of.
normal business conditions.
*X"omniercial conditions penerally wear an
GFVurlTiK «si>e<-t. From all parts of the coun
try enme reports of a healthy tone In trade
end profitable r«-frult« of business. Prices are
almift uniformly wttllnfc back to a normal
level. There are few Instances in which the
Industrials find lt porsibie to maintain their
• ttcm;>tei advances In prices, and In numer
ous lnstancfF the new combine* are encounter
lr.R active eomj>etitlon from old and new con
cern*. It eeeme almost Incredible that the
chunpeo m industrial organizations which a
year ago were exciting euch a violently un
ffttling effect on business should have now
subsided into a composed ar.d healthy state of
affairs."
Weather Report.
(IT&th meridian— Pa^flc time.)
The following* maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka €0 Los Anjreles 72
Mount Tamalpals iZ Sacramento €8
Independence 74 San Luis Oblspo 70
Red Bluff 73 San Diego 19
Fresno 7S
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; rj-.lnimum. 52; mean. ZS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The area of low pressure noted this morning
In the valleys of California now forms a
troush-Uke depression extending from South
ern Arizona northwestward through California
to the Pacific.
The pressure has fallen over the north Pacific
Ftates and risen over Arizona and the southern
portions of California and Nevada.
The terr-nerature has fallen throughout the
Interior of California and risen over the North
Pacific States.
Cloudy and threatening weather Is reported
from California. Nevada. Utah and Arizona
and generally clear from Washington. Oregon
and Idaho. Scattered light showers have oc
curred in California and Arizona.
Conditions ar» favorable for showery weather
In California Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October 12. 1S00:
Northern California— Showers Friday; light,
variable wind.
Southern California— Showers Friday; light,
varicHe wind.
Nevada— Showers Friday; cooler In northeast
portion. *
Utah— Ehovers Friday; cooler.
Arizona— Showers Friday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Showers Friday;
light, variable wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts.
27,9:s barrels; exports, 2530 barrels. Barely
steady and lower to dull without noteworthy
demand. ¦
WHEAT-Receipts. 124.823 bushels: exports.
.9.SS5 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 80c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red,«7S»ic elevator; No. 1
nn[ l^ rn B1 P U i Uth ' C L °" b -= No - 1 hard
Duluth. 8Sc f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady and for a time were firm on better late
cables than expected, light speculative offer
ings and heavy seaboard clearances. In the
afternoon, however, liquidation again broke
out. Inspired by bearish Argentine cables, and
v?f £ «i«.T5? W<? . ak at c ne * decline.
March, 84@S4%c; closed. 84c; May, SS'ttg^Hc;
Sn°o e ?,Uc? % .T C: ,* 0cto , ber cloied 78 %°: December,
SO 9-16@81 7-16c; closed, SOHc
HOPS-Qulet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rlo..dull; mild, quiet. Fu
tures closed steady, with prices 5 points lower.
Total sales, 12,000 bags, Including: October,
..00c; November, 7.10c: December, 7.20c; Janu
ary. 7.25c; February, 7.25c; March. 7.35c: May,
7.40'e7.45c: July, 7.50@7.55c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3800 packagea; strong.
Creamery, 16@21c; June creamery; liS20}*c:
factors'. 13@16c.
EGGS — Receipts. 7523 packages: steady. Reg
ular Western packing at mark, 15@18V4c; West
ern loss off, 17c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— The market for evap
orated apples ruled steady with a moderate
inauiry noted for choice and fancy grades at
unchanged prices on the basis of 4@5c for
State common; prime. 45i®5}4c.
California dried fruits quiet and steady at
old artces.
PRUNES— Were quoted at 3H«S7^c.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll@14c; Moorpark, 15@16c.
PEACHES-Peeled, 16Q20c; unpeelcd, 6®9c.
New York Grain and Produce.
exclusive of the J50.0CO.OOO gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $132,620,261; gold. $S8,166,8«.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
/
Suvlifig Exchange quoted l<nvcr. Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley steadily weakening.
Oats quieter in sympathy with the frvo leading cereals.
Corn and Rye firm, with moderate offerings.
Beans irregular and weak, colored especially.
Hay and Bran very firm.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables show little change.
Considerable Game arriving in bad condition.
Poultry steady, with moderate stocks. % .
Melons firm. Other Fruits generally quiet and steady.
Dried Pears very dull. Other Dried Fruits selling fairly.
Xo further change in Provisions.
Beef and Mutton firm. Hogs in sufficient supply.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
<* it-
Local stock and bonds continued dull, with
no particular change.
There was fair activity on the Oil Exchange.
The Bullion Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 3 cents.
The La Fortuna. Mining Company (Arizona)
has declared dividend No. 32 of five (5) cents
per share, payable immediately.
The Commercial Publishing Company yester
day paid a quarterly dividend of 2 per cent
and an extra dividend of 4 per cent.
The Hume Bros. & Hume Salmon Packing
Company payg a dividend of 65 centi per share
this month.
The Burlington Oil Company will pay a divi
dend of 1 cent per share on the 16th.
The Alaska PackerB' Association will pay a
dividend of 75 cents per share to-day.
STOCTK AND BOND EXCHANGE^
THURSDAY. Oct. 11—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Is quar coup...ll4UU5& Is do cp (new).133?;i34V4
Js do reg 114iill5«4 is do coup lOTfcllOVt
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P CO..102U104 Oak Water 5S.102T4 —
Cal-st Cab 5s.. 118% — Dceanlc 8 S 53.107^108
C C Water 5s..lO6Vi!lO6% Om C Ry «s...125H —
Ed L & P 6s.l31»4 — Pac G Imp 4s..l01Va —
F & Cl Ry6s.. — — P & Cl Ry to. .104 —
Geary-st R6e. — — P&ORR 6s. 115 —
H C & S 6^9.. — — Powell-st R «s.H7% —
Do 5s 100 — Sac L GAR 5».10OH —
L A R 5S....104T4 — S F & S J V5B.11S —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s. Ill 1 * —
Do gntd 6s... — — 3 P of A 8s... .111^113
L A gntd Bs.. 97M10X S P of C 6s (1905)
L A P R R 5s. - 10S (Series AJ ..107H —
Market-st 69...128 — Do (Series B)108H —
Do 1st M 5s.. 117% — S P C «s (1906).109HU0
N C N G R 7s. — 113H Do (1912) 117H —
N R of Cal 6S.113 115 S P R 1st gntd — —
Do 5s 116 117 S P Br 6s 180 —
N P C R R 6s. 102 — S V Water 6s.ll3 114
Do 5a 106% — Do 4s 103U103H
N Cal Ry es... — 111 Do 3d mtg.. — 103
Oak G L <fe H.103H — Stktn Gas 6a. .100 10S
Oak Tran 6s... 115 116H
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 71 Spring Valley. 94% »5
Marin County. 51H —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
CentL&PCo 4 4% Pac L Co — 44ft
Eijult G L Co. SH — Sac El GARCo 33U 2fi
Mutual El Co. — 10% S F G & E 51»£ 53
O G L & H Wt 50 San Francisco. 6 o'i
Pac Gas Imp. 51 — Stktn G & E C — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.223 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 68 — First National. 230 300
Bank of Cal. .408% — Lon P & A 133 135
Cal S D & T..105 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L 1870 1900 Bav & L So... — Jl
Hum S & L.. — — Sac Sav Bk.. — — .
Mut Sav Bk.. 64 — Union T Co... — —
SF SavU.... 510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — O S L A H — 45
Geary-st 25 — Presidio 14 22*4
Market-st — 66% *
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 182^ Vigorit 3U, 3'4
Giant Con Co. 82H 83
SUGAR STOCKa
Hana S P Co.. 7 7% Kllauea S P Co — —
Haw C & S Co — 87Vi Makawell S Co 43 iV, 2
Honokaa S Co. 30Vi 31 I Onomea S Co.. 27^1 2S
Hutch S P Co. 24 244 Paauhau S Co 30 30%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 124% — Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cal Fruit Assn 98 — Pac C Bor Co.150 151V4
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co.. 12H —
Oceanic S Co.. — 934
Morale: Session.
Board—
25 Bank of California 409 00
10 Honokaa S Co 30 25
20 Oakland Gas 43 75
$3,C00 Sacto Elec. Gas & Ry 53 100 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 00
10 Spring Valley Water 95 00
$2,000 Spring Valley 4s bonds (3d mtg)...102 50
Street—
5 Makaweli 43 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Equitable Gas 3 50
35 Giant Powder Con 82 50
5 Honckaa S Co 30 23
$1,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s bonds 105 00
Sl.OGO Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds 116 23
$2,000 Oceanic S S bonds 107 62H
45 S F Gas & Electric Co f 61 73
1C0 Spring Valley Water 95 CO
100 Vigorit 3 23
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornln; Session.
Board—
100 El Dorado „ 1 60
100 McKittrlck Consolidated 70
500 McKittrlck Consolidated 60
500 Monarch of Arizona 35
1U0 San Joaquln Oil & Dev. b 30 8 00
10O San Joaquln Oil & Dev 7 87^
Street—
200 Reed Crude Oil Co 51
200 Reed Crude Oil Co 12
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 McKittrick Consolidated 60
50 McKittrick Consolidated 70<
100 McKittrick Consolidated ...., 65
2 Oil City Petroleum 34 00
10O Reed Crude OH Co 52
100 San Joaquln Oil & Dev, b 30 8 25 !
60 Sterling O & D Co 2 90 I
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco j
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes .: 09 250 Hale & Norcrs. 29
900 Belcher 19 700 Mexican 36
300 Best & Belcher. 3« 10O Mexican S7
200 Caledonia 4l! COO Mexican 35
200 Caledonia 40; SCOOphir.... „ 73
600 Challenge 21| 210 Ophlr SO
10O Chollar Ml 60 Ophlr 7«
100 Chollar 23 1 £00 Overman 10
300 Con Cal & Va.. I 30! 100 Potosi 21
200 Con Cal & Va..l 23j 1100 Savage 26 j
100 Confidence 79 li</0 Sierra Nevada. 36 j
200 Crown Point 13 70O Union Con 23 I
600 Gould & Curry. 7fi 600 Yellow Jacket.. 2o
Afternoon Session.
2C0 Andes 00 300 Mexican 33
SCO Best & Belcher. 36! 100 Ophlr SO
ICO Caledonia 41| 600 Overman 10
100-Challenge 20 j 200 Potosi 21 !
300 Chollar 24 600 Potosi 20 {
1000 Exchequer 01 SCO Savage 28;
200 Gould & Curry. 76 100 Sierra Nevada. 34 i
250 Gould & Curry. 74 ( 10ft Sliver Hill 3i I
100 Gould & Curry. 72j 200 Union Con 23 j
IC00 Gould & Curry. ~0< 200 Union Con 24
300 Hale & Norcrs. 31 47^; Yellow Jacket 20 ¦
600 Mexican 37 1
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. j
1000 Andes 09 200 Mexican 49 1
12C0 Belcher 20 200 Mexican 36 |
300 Best & Belchr.37H 11S0 Ophlr 81 j
4M> Best & Belcher. 37 12C0 O»hir 80 ;
E00 Best & Belcher. 36' ?000 Potosi 20 j
300 Challenge Con.. 21 1 500 Savage 26 i
450 Con Cal & V.I 27**| 300 Savase 27 '
150 Gould & Curry. 81 SCO Savage 25 |
150 Gould & Curry. S2 20O Sierra Nevada. 30 !
500 Gould At. Curry. 80 \ 500 Sierra Nevada. 38 i
200 Gould * Curry. "91 500 Sierra Nevada. 36 I
200 Gould & Curry. 7? 200 Silver Hill 3S I
too Gould & Curry. 78 2C0 Silver Hill 39
400 Gould & Curry. 75 900 Union Con 23
600 Gould & Curry. 74 1300 Utah 14
1500 Kentuck 0* 400 Utah 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Oct. 11—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. j Bid. Ask.
Alpha CS 06 Justice 07 OS
Alta 02 03; Kentuck 03 04
Andes ;.... 09 101 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher ...» 17 m Mexican 37 33
Best & Belcher. 36 38| Occidental 09 10
Bullion 05 C6I Ophir SO si
Caledonia 41 43 Overman 10 11
Chollar 23 26 Potosi 13 2*
Challenge Con.. 20 2lj Savage 32 33
Confidence 73 W). Scorpion 01 —
Con Cal & Va..l 25 1 3O| Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 36 37
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill..;... 37 40
Eureka Con.... — 45 St Louis — 15
Crown Point.... 13 16 Standard 3 90 —
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry. 76 78 Union Con 2% 26
Hale & Norcrs. 33 39 Utah 13 15
Julia 03 04 Tellow Jacket.. 21 25
Wool, bales ; Zs6'Sugar, bbls 400
Mustard, ekt 398 Sugar, sks 1.S0O
Hops, bale* 92 Lime, bbls 1S2
Hay, tons 820
OREGON.
Bran, ska......... 656
Flour, qr sks 52.241 Middlings, sks.... l,i;o
Wheat, ctls 360 Bran, sks 1155
Barley, ctls ...13,475 Onions, sks 2*674
Corn* East, ctls.. 600 Potatoes, iks..... 0 247
Cheese, ctls....... 22S Beans, sks 4140
Butter, ctls.. 168 Raisins, bxs 4 020
Tallow ctls... 3T.2 Wine. gals. 3O.'750
Eggs. doz. 9.000 nrandy. K als 2.000
Pelts, bdls. ....... 175 Leather, rolls 55
Hides. No......... 616 Quicksilver, flsks 60
FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER 11.
Receipts of. Produce.
Crushed, 6.6te; Powdered. 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.25c; Dry Granulated. 6.15c; Confec
tioners" A. 6.15c; Magnolia A 5.75c; Extra C,
B.C.'e: Golden C, 5.55c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 30-1 b bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.90c: boxes,- 7.15c per lb.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; South
field .Wellington. W, Seattle. $7; Bryant, *7:
Coos Bay. $5 CO: Wallsend. $3;. Co-operative
Wallsend, J9; Cumberland, J12 In bulk and $13 23
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14:
Cnnnel. $12 per ton: Coke. J15 per ton In bulk
and $18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 47, per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany.-»juoteF. per lb. in.lOO-lb bars:
BAGS — San Quentln Bags.' $5 63; Calcutta
Graln> Bags. B»ic: Wool Bags. 2SH@32Hc; Fleet;*-
Twine, 7\ic; Fruit Bags. 6H@6Hc for white and
8%@S\e for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK-Llve Hogs. 6*c for small.' 5%@5%e for
medium and 5?£@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5@5^4c; dressed Hogs. 7^;@ 1 ¥ I 4c.
LAMB-S@Sttc per lb.
No further changes In quotations are ' re
ported. Beef ¦ and Mutton are firm. Arrivals
of Hogs are sufficient for the demand.
BKEF— 6<g£^c for Steers and 5g5Hc per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7©Sc; small. 8V4®9c perhb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7ftc; ewes, C^@7o per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15<516c: Northern, defective. 12@
14c; Middle County, free. 14®16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12® 14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. Il(ftl2c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9311c; Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
©17c: Nevada, 13S?16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6%@Sc: do Lambs', 8
69c; Middle County. 9© lie per lb.
HOPS— UVi®14%c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS?— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. . Heavy salted
Steers. 9®9V4c; medium. 8',£e; light. 8c; Cow
hides, Sc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. Sc; Salted
Veal. Sc: Salted Calf. 9c: Dry Hides. 15@15*ic;
culls, 12<313e: Dry Kip. ISc: Dry Calf. 13!&i«c:
culls and brands. 12i@13c; Sheepskins, Shear
llnps, 15@25c each; short Wool. 3O(fi'4Oc each;
medium, C0<g70c; long Wool, 73<'@$1 each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2^2 2i for large. $1 75 for medium.
$1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides,
dry, $1 50 for large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for
Bniall and 25@50c for colts. Deerskins — Summer
or red skins. 35e; fall or medium skins, 30c;
winter or thin. j>ktns, 17Vig20c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, COc;
medium, 35c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4^c per lb; No.
2. 3«I3'-ic; grease, 2(3^Hc.
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel. SSe; three
half-barrels. 8Hc; one tierce. Sftc; two tierces,
SVic; five tierces. S^c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED' MEATS — Bacon, ll^e per lb for
heavy, lzc for light medium. 13%c for light.
14c for extra light and l.'.Vie for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12c: Mess Beef
$12 50 per bbl: extra Mess. $13 CO; Family.
$11 60: extra Prime Pork. $15 50: extra clear
$19; Mess, $16 50: Smoked Beef. Ilt4??13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9Vfcc for pure; lialf-barrels, pure,
9*ic: 10-lb tins. lOVic; 6-lb tins, 10?4c.
Provisions.
The demand for Cured Meats continues fair
at steady prices.
IIONEY-Comb. 13HQl4%c for bright and 12H
®13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7M l 6'Sc; light amber, extracted, 7@7V4c - dark. 6
©6y.c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26 per lb.
NUTSr-Chestnuts. 10©12tfc per jt, ; Walnuts
No. 1 softshell. lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell,
10c; No. 2. V&c; Almonds. 15@16c for paper
shell. ll@12Hc for soft shell: Peanuts. 5@6c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts, 13c- Pecans
Iiai3c; Cocoanuts, $3 5005.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, lOVic per lb: choice. 9>4c: standard. 8%c;
prime. 8c: unbleached Sultanas.- 8c; Seedless.
60-lb boxes. 6%c: 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6c
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Deheea. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f.o. b. at common shipping points in Cali
fornia.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes. 3c;
4O-5OS, 7c; 50-60s. 5Hc; 60-70s, 3?ic; 70-80s. 3»4c;
S0-90s. 2%c: 90-lOOs. 2%c; 100s and over. 2c; ru
btes, %c premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
qulns. Uc less than Santa Claras, except 100a
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6®
8c for Royals and lOSTll^c- for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 6®8c; sun-dried. 2%@4e;
Peaches, 4H@5c for standard, 5ViQ6c for choice
and 7i&8c for fancy: Pears. 2@7c; Plums, pitted,
606&c: unpltted. l@lV4c: Nectarines, 5@5tjc for
red and 5V4I0SC for white.
There Is a fair demand for most fruits ex
cept Pears, which are remarkably dull this
year. Rnlsins continue in demand and firm.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $404 50;
Seedling Oranges, 75c@$2; Valencia*, $2@4;
Lemons. Sl@l 50 for common and $2<@3 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes, $4-5/4 50; Bananas,
$1 25<8'2 50 per bunch: Pineapples, $1 50*33 50 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisms.
MELONS — Nutmegs. 50c@$l per case: Canta
loupes. |1®1 75 per crate ; Watermelons, J5'3
18 per 100. t .
New Navel Orange* are bringing good prices.
Lemons are plentiful and weak. Limes are in
co<-m1 suuply and quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUIT— | .
APPLES— 25(fJ5Cc per box for common and
60cif$l for good to choice.
PEAKS— Winter Nellls, 60c@«: Cooking
Pears. 2S*76. r .e per box.
PEACHES— $1 per box.
QUINCES— 25<ff60c rer box.
PERSIMMONS— 75cfl$l per box.
FIGS — 25<S"l>c per ordinary box.
BLACKBERRIES per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $3®8 50; Coos
Bay. $2«T2 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-$3@4 GO per chest for large
and $7*18 for email berries.
RASPBERRIES— I5ff6 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— 50@75c per small box and
$1 00® 2 50 per large box.
PLUMS— 25@C0c per box.
GRAPES— Muscat. 30#65c per crate; black.
35® 65c: Tokay. 35tfJ65c; Isabella, 50«J75c; Corni
chon, 5Q@75c: Wine Grape*. $20@22 50 for white,
$21^23 for Mission and $?3@27 per ton for Zln
fandel.
Apples are In good supply and unchanged.
Pears are slqw. Peaches and Plums will dis
appear very soon. The Peaches that are com
ing in are small, dirty and poor as a rule.
Oulnces are steady. The firmest fruits are
Pomegranates, Persimmons and Figs, but even
they have to ro low If they,ara not sound.
Graces stand the same. There are fewer
wet ones coming in than expected.
Cantaloupe* and Nutmeg melons are doing
still better, but Watermelons stay about the
same.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage goods— 22%@24c
CHEESK— New, 10V4@llc: old, 9®10c; louns
America. 10>*@12c; Eastern. 13^@14c; Wejtern,
10®i2c t>er lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 20@25c for store and 32Vtt?
3?Ho per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lSif26c.
Butter Is beginning to accumulate again, ow
ing to the neglect of fresh for packed goods,
anl most dealers have reduced their selling
prices. There Is no change In Cheese. •
Ergs rule firm, and now and then sell over
the top quotation. Stocks continue moderate.
HUTTEK-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 28c; Sec
ondF, 27©i7M;C.
Dairy— Fancy, 25®26c; good to choice, 21&24c;
common, 201i22c.
Creamery tub— 20@22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19<ffZle.
Flrkln-18S19c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The wide range In Game la due to the differ
ence In condition. A good many Ducks and
Snipe come In half spoiled and have to be
dumped. Sound lots bring good prices with
out difficulty. "
Poultry fhowed little change, car of East
ern came In.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 16@17c for Gobblers
and J6Q17C for Hens; Geese, per pair, U I5@
1 50; Goslings. $1 5061 75; Ducks. $3®4 for old
and $3 50@4 50 for young; Hens, M©5 50; Young
Roosters. ?4#5; Old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fry
ers. *3«i3 50 ; liroilers. *3©3 50 for large and
12 25©2 75 for small; Pigeons. U®1 25 per dozen
for old and fl 7002 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, 75c@$l 25 for Valley and $2
for Mountain; Mallard. $307; Canvasback. $3@
9: Sprig, J2@3 50; Teal. $1 &0«?3 50: Widgeon,
»1 WkffC; Small Duck. 73c©$l 50; Gray Geese.
$2 if>1?'3: White Geese, 75c©"U 23; Brnnt. $150®
$2 for small and $2 50 for large; English Snipe,
nominal; Jack Snipe. 50«75c; Hare. $125; Rab
bits. $1 25fil 50 for cottontail and $1 for brush;
Doves, 408COc per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Pickles $1@1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50@75c
for No! 2; Garlic, 4®4&o per 1b; Marrowfat
Squash, $10® 15 per ton.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed. 4s 6>.;d;
do, old, nominal. Futures quiet; November,
4s 3d; December, 4a 2%A; January. 3s 11 *«<1.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
steady, Cb 3%d: No. 1 Northern spring, steady.
Cs 6Hd; No. 1 California, 6s 3%d. Futures,
steady; December, 6s 2%d; February, 6s 3V£d.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 11.— Wheat quiet: No. 1
Standard California, 6s 6^d@6s 7d; wheat in
Paris* steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady; weather In England,
cool.
COTTON— Uplands. GVid.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 11.— Consols, 38 9-16; silver,
29 9-16d; French rentes, 90f 97%c. Wheat car
goes on passage, more inquiry; cargoes Walla
Walla. 30s 3d; English country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Oct. 11.— Wheat— One-half cent
higher. Bluestem. 58c; Club, 55c, both for ex
port.
WASHINGTON.
Forelrn wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 303.3S2 bushels.
rORTLAXD. Oct. 11.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
easy at BSo; Valley. 60<361e: Bluestem, 5Sc.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 11.— Clearings, $634.
895; balances, $27,946.
Portland's Business.
LONDON". Oct. 1L— There was a good attend
ance at the wool auction sales to-day. The
number of boles offered was 13,394. Competi
tion was good for greasy wools, which were
active and sold chiefly to the home trade.
Cross-breds were in moderate supply and sold
well. The Continent participated in the bid
ding. There was a hardening tendency for
good merinos.
London Wool Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Trading In cotton this
morning started at a decline of 5&15 points,
but the market Immediately became very strong
and enormously active, prices advancing 14022
points from the lowest, the trade being in
fluenced by.estlmates pointing to a small move
ment the remainder of the week and an In
creased demand for spot cotton In the South
for.eiDort. The trade was nervous up to the
very close of business, with the market finally
very steady at an advance of 3® 8 points.
Nkv York Cotton Market.
Nav York Metal Market.
VE\T YORK, Oct. 1L —Aside from a weak
and lrregular*market for tin. caused by liberal
offerings and In the absence of buyers, gen
eral dullness prevailed In the metal market to
day. Locally tin closed easy a.t $28 25®:S BO,
while cables from London showed no change
there. PiKiron warrants were very dull at
$9 50<glO. I^ake copper was us lower abroad,
but was dull and unchanged here at, $16 75JJ17.
Lead and upelter both ruled dull at $4 37^ and
fS 10*04 \2Vz respectively. The brokers" price
for lead waa $4 and for copper $16 S7H-
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— The September
monthly statement of the export of domestic
products, issued by the Bureau of Statistics,
shows the following: Breadstuits. $21,365,888;
decrease as compared with September. 1S99,
about *3,7J0,00O. Cattle and hoss, $21,965.2S5;
Increase, $«OO,00O. Provisions. J14.016.267: In
crease. $345,000. Cotton, $20,19S,C75; Increase,
$.1,116,000. .Mineral oils, $6, 440,542; decrease,
$367,000. Total. $65,066,379, against $44,753,867 for
the same period last year.
Exports for September.
lambs, 10c higher. Good to choice wethers,
M SO04; fair to choice mixed. J3 40@3 80; West
ern sheep. $3 70<Z?4; Texas sheep. J2 50<S3 60: na
:'ye. lambs, $4 25©5 60; Western lambs, $4 lo&
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1900.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
8
Articles— Open. High.
Wheat No. 2— Vj
October - 75li 75V*
November 76 76H
December • 76^ 76^4
Ccrn No. 3— • ¦
October 40% 41^
November 27%. 37%
December :.... So . 35ft
Oats No. 2— "
October 21% 21%
November 21 V 21%
December ' 22\i 22>i
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October ..„.
November 1133 11^33
January n GO 1185
I.ard. per 100 pounds —
October
November 7 15 7 23
January 6 77^ 6 S1U.
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—'"
October 7 82^i 7 87>£
November 7 00 7 03
January 6 15 6 25%
Low. Close.
"i% 74K
75*4 75*
75H 76*
40^ 40H
37H 37H
34»i 247i
21% 21«4
21% 21%
22 22H
16 00
11 32V4 11 32>4
U 50 11 M
7 20
7 12H 7 12H
6 77 6 82ft
7 80 7 80
6 92H 6 92»4
6 15 6 IS
BATXROAD TRAVEL. '
Santa Fe
Trains— Dai| y
L«aT» Market-street Ferry Depot.
Iff. Ban Fraaclsco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p ml t:00 p a
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:12 p m 11:03 p a
" Merced !:42 p m 1:W a n»
" Fresno 4:2Jpm 1:05 a m
-¦ Vlnalla (:00 pm 4:60 a a
~ Tulara t:tS p m 6:10 a m
** Hanford 4:33 p m T:(M a m
" • Bakersneij* ... 8:50 p m ' 7:30 a ra
" Denver ...T..... 10:00 a m . y
" - Kansas City... 5:15 p m
** Chicago 7:40 a in
' * a. m. train la the Overland Exprtus. Conro-
spondlnE train arrives at < p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
1:00 n. m. Is Frecno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both citlea. Correspond-
,lne train arrives at S m. m. dally.
• OFFICKS— 641 Market it. and In Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: HIS Broadway. OakJanJL
AUCTION SALES
% IV\. AlARCUSE.
General Auctioneer IIS Montgomery §t
On FRIDAY. October 12, 1900, at 11 o'clock
a. m.. at No. 1230 SCOTT STREET, corner
OTarrell street. I will sell one grand uprisht
Decker Piano, elegant mahogany Parlor Furni-
ture, fine body Brussels Carpets, Steel En?rav-
Inrs, Brlc-a-brac, very fine walnut E?cinom
Furniture, Enameled Bedstead, fine cak Dining
Furniture and Sideboard. No. 7 Medal RanWi
and good Kitchen Furniture; also fine 9et»tn<
Machine, elegant 'Harness and good Bicyc'e
etc., etc.
jj^ AUCTION SALE! £^
MONDAY MORNING, October 15. 130O. at 10 V)
o'clock. 40 head of fine draft and well-matchM
driving horses; 3 splendid black teams. OCVI-
DENTAL HORSE- EXCHANGE. 721 Howard st.
KATXBOAD TBAVIL.
WOITIII-.UN I'AVtVtV ntnVASY.
- ¦••'.• (FACIFIO STHTBM.1
Train* ¦••>*«• hmi| *n ilur ¦<> a%rrl*« •<
MAN riCAM«:i.H4'O.
(Main Line, Foot "( Mark'*! Street.)
IJtAT* — FKOM OCTOBKR 1. IJCO. — * KBITS
•7sOOa Betilela, SuUnn, Eimira, VaoaTllle,
Kuius -y sad nsersmeuto . ' »7 : t. ,
•7:00a 6ba»» Kipr«s-D»Tlj, WUIlami (for *
Bartlett Springs), Willows, he i
Bluft. PortUud. Ti-iS*
•7>S»a MKtinwt, ttea ltminon.V»lleJo. Naps.
«;»:»•*>¥• »n<l 1»nt» Kosa *O:I3*
•SiOO a Darts, WvodUnd. KnlghU L»adln,f
Mirjsfllle, Orotlile. ..' •7,13.
•MiOOa Allaotic Kxpress — Ogdao »aj Kast *12-I3»
•S:<h>a Ntte.. Tracy, XaUjtou, at«*ton T!7. . •»>»!
•»i;iu» 8i» Jom. U>ertauce. Stuukton,
Ion*. S»e»aineul<», PUecrTUr
MitrymllU. Chlco, KM Hlu.i '1:1,1.
•«i*Oa O»kd»>. Chinese. Sonor*. Carten...' MH3»
•»i»*a Ihjmiila, NilM soil W»f HtatloBi *lli43*
•BiOU« Lew Angeles Ei^wi — Marituos'
Traoj, Laturop. ritook*oa, Usio«J
Fresno »ud Lc» Aufslm *7:1S»
•SiXOa VaUflK Mutiues »utl Wtj attUoiii *3>43»
•IOiOOa Th» Orerlaitd Liinlled— Ogleu, Vtz.
Ter, Omsha. Chicago '9i4L3»
•IIiOOa SUcs, Btoektoo. aacramsnto, Men-
dota. Vre»ao, Ilauford, Vln'.lv
PorterTllls *4ii3»
•IIiOOa Litermora. 8»D?«r. Coshea Junc-
tion. Bakersteld, Los Angeles.. . .
•|-4:»n M H»yw»rd«. N lies mid W»y Utetlons. 'Jifl»
tlioop Sarraniei>t<» KUer Mtesmtits > .'i;Oi»»,
•SUMif Haywsxds, Nilrs and Waj SlaUost . *3:43p
*4i»ur Martliiex, Hau lUmun, vallejo.
K*|<*. <;u,IU*.nK*. SiuiU Uoia *Uil34
•¦lioop liquid*. Wlatcn, Saaiaitientou
Wo...1I«im1. Kulkhla l.amli.ig.
MarfSTlli*. Ooifllle *><>:I34
MianrNlles, R»n .lone auU Stockton *7ilS»
•SsOOrThe Onl Umlted-'IrMT, Fresno.
IlAkenOeld. M»uji'.» for aaata Bu-
bara. Los Augslea...... MOils.
•SiOOp Stockton 'U-.43A
•JiWfKew Orleant Ezpreaa— llsk-TOrteld.
Nanto H»rb»r». Lm Angeles, Dem.
ing. El Puo, Hew Orleaul »r.J
East -Tilt
•Os««»r Hafwaxiln. Nllea and San Joae "7t4Sa
fO:t>(»r V-Ilojo *taaMa
•MtUWr Oriental Mnil— OgJen, Cheyenne.
Oicaha. Chicago *12it3*
••lOOrOrianUl Mail-Ogden. DenTer,
Oiii«h». Chiotcn. •1:1.1-
•T:OO» NUea, Tracy. L»throp. 8«ookton *l'4:13p
•?>uor «>r«K<ii> and (Jalirnraia Ux|>rea«.Maa-
r»iu*ii.ti>. MaryiittlJv, l{nl.l!,, K .
l'i»tlui>.1. I'liKOt HumiJ au.1 Kail *1j 13*
J*iu.1r Valli-ju, Fort »'tU* and Wt; Hta
thwn tlliOOr
COAST OITIMON (larron lian V e).
(Kootif M-rltotHtrflet.)
•Mi 13a Ne»uk.OtiM-MilS«.*an.!ose.Fe!toD.
Uoul.lerCrtek.Sajita Crux and Way
Htatlmia ••>«•¦•
tail.1r Newaik. »;enter»ill». Baa Joss, N«w
Ahna()m>. Felton, ItoiiMor Creek,
SanU Crux aoti Vrlnclpal Waj
Stations t aWtiX)*
•4xl!»r Newark, H»n Joan, Los Oafos 'S^IOa
all:43p Hunters' Exennion, 8an Jog* and
W»y SUHoiis 17»aoy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr«aSl!l rRtlCISCO— Ftol sf Hirktt StrMl(S!oS) —
•7:15 »0O I! 00*. 1. tl:53 *2:33 13 S3
•t:o: tic: •laar*
titta 0UU1D -. r a»l «r Br»»J »«». — "rt:00 «:00 10 00< M.
t!2C3 '1:03 t3:g3 «3::3 tt:I3 •8:0;r!».
I'OlVf DltlXIOI (Uroa-MiaH^-..
(Third :>, h To^naen.l Ht-.)
t«ll«« Ocean VI«it, .South Saii Krancinco.. T<I:-I<»»
*7:OUa Han J»m ami *7aj Sr.ii.i. i,.i (New
Aliimtlei- •Vetlnmnlajsnnlx; •IsSor
*9tOO< Nan J<Me. Tin l'inoa. Nnnte fn,x
I'acilic tirote. l'«»> Itolil.s. Mm
l.nin <>I.w|hi, Htttf. Lo-upwc an.l
l'rincli<»l Way Mtatl.ma M.IOT
•III: lot 8ao Jose ami Way .Statluna •*•««*
•lli3U* Man J<nis ami Wa- KUtinu* •iitaor
f4ii.-iK.Saii Matf-o. IUiIwihkI. M-nln P*rk.
I'aUi Alto, tianta Clara. Naa -!¦•»-.
Tres Flr.ca Sanea irnr. Saiinas.
Vmueiey »mt I'acili.: ISruTa lll>:^*M
f:i:3Or HanJuavaml Way Htalloni •7:3»i»
tl:l3[-S%iiJi)eean.| rrincipal Ha; ."Ration* *!>:!.'>«
t:.:in>ps.t, Jos*-, I>m (Utos autl 1'rincipul
Way .>t..ii<>M« ?»»•»«»
*9t3k>r San . 1. me an< I I'rinoipal Wxj- Stations *•>:»•%*
••i::n»r .-"an .m»- an.l W.ijr .-Ca:i..im l«i:»i>*
allil-'.f -ian .)••»» »n.l Way Stutiona •¦;:3i»i'
A for Morning !• fur AftatMMM
. 'Daily. . tMu.MlaT escerted. t >>ui.<!»» ..nlj
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERH SI. CO.
SAN FRAHCISGO AND NORTH PAC1FIS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoa Ferry,. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN KAKAEL.
WEEK UAYS-7:2O. »:00. 11. CO a. ra.; 12:0.
1:30. 5:10. 8:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays-^-Cxtra trl^s at IdM
a n'l 1 1 :S0 p. m.
SUNDAYS— i:00. 9:30. 11:00 a, m.: 1:30. 3:10.
1:00, «:2t) d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43,
t:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays^ — Hxtra trio* ax
1:25 and S:2S d. m.
BL'NDATS-8:10. »:40. U:10 a. a.'. 1:40. 8:40.
S:05. <:25 z>. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
itm« achedula na above. *
Lea.re 1 In Effect. I Arrtre
Fan Francisco. [Apr. 13, 1300.1 San Francisco.
" Week J Sun- I I Sun- I We«k "
Days. | days, f Destination.] days. | Days.
":%•'' nrn 8:00 am) NovatOw 10:40 ami S:40 am
1:30 pm 9:S0ami Petaluraa. 6:"J pm 10:2". am
>:1J pm 5:00 pm| Sant i Rosa. 7:33 pmj 6:» pm
Fulton. .
1:30 am Windsor. ' 10:23 am
Haaldsbargr-
Lytton.
GeyservMe.
J:JO pm 8:00 ami Cloverdale. 7:55 pm 8:20 pot
"l:30 am] j Uopland j 110:35 ana
t:30 pm! 9:00 am[ and L'ltlah. I 7:35 pin! <:2O pm
"tloam 110:23 acni
8:00 arn Gu«T&evllle. 7:33 pm
1:30 rm I «:*0 pra
T:3t) ami 8:00 am Sonoma 9:\Z am) S:4O su«
and j
5:19 pm! 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. <:C3 pm; 8:20 pr\
T:JO am] 8:00 am) 110:40 am|ia:2S an
t:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Eebastcpol. | 7:33 pm: 4:30 pm,
Staxas connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Cprlnirs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lvtton for Lytton Sprlnrs: at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Clov»rdal»
for the Geysers: at Hosland for Duncan
Bprlnfr*. Highland Pprln«:s. Ke!a«yvUle. Carls-
bad Sprlnss. Boda. Bay. Lakeport and Bartlatt
Bprtngs; at Uklah for Vichy Spring. Sant^-i
Fpiings, Bine Lak**, Laurel Dell Lake. Wltt*p
Eprlngrs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, H»T!»y"s. Bucknell'a.
Banriedrln Heights. Kullv-llle. Orr*s Hot
EprinKS. Mendoclno City. Fort Braes'. West-
port, Usal. Wllllts. Laytonnile. Cumailnn.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotl*
And Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rount»trlo t!ck«ta a*
reduced rates.
On Sunday rtmad trip tickets to an points
fceyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ofne<~i. CO Market tt. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R- X. RYAN.
5 43eneral Manager. O«n. Paaa. A««it.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 30. 1J0CI
I'ROil SAN FRANCISCO TO MILX. VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:53. *i:lS. 11:00 a. m.. 1:0,
3:15 4:00. 5:15. *6:15. 6:40 p. m.
UXTRA TKIPS — For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:Ci> and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:CO, nO:CO, 'UiSO a. m.. »1:I3,
3:13. *4M5, «:30, 9:C0 p. m.
Trains market! (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:K. *«:3O. 7:45. 8:10 a. m..
•12-30 1:45. *3:3O, 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRirS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SCNTHYS— 6:20. *?:C0. '10:00. »ll:i> a. m.,
•1-40." *3:13. 4:43. »S:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. «:«. 7:33, 9:20 a. m..
l«'3o 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
"tXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and" Saturdays »t 7:10 and 10:K> p. m.
SUNDAYS— »:C5. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:13. 3:30.
5:00. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN'S.
S:K a. m. week days— CazaJero and way sta-
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Toroalea and way sta-
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tlons.
MOUNT TAMAIPA1S RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco. v!a Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK T>AYS 9:1." a. m. : ):4.'» an.l 4.r.o s- m.
SUNDAYS S:CO. 10:W. 11:30 and 1:10 p. m.
Farc, Eaa Francisco to Summit ami Return,
ne'w tavern of tamalpais now open*.
Ticket Offices. 6?1 Market Ht.. Sausalito Ferry.
WeekiyCail7$lT00 per YearMISS CHRISSIE TAFT'S
DEBUT AT SWELL FUNCTION
Oakland Society Attends an At "JHome"
.¦at'Which the young Lady Is Presented.
NEW LUTHERAN CHURCH
BUILDING IS PAID FOR
Congregation Will Inter Its NeW Jiome of
Worskip J^lext Sunday Free of Debt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1900.
PAUL'S EVANGELICAL LUTHERAN CHURCH STRUCTURE, WHICH
HAS NO DEBT HANGING OVER IT. AND THE REV. J. N. ANDER
SON, ITS ENERGETIC PASTOR.
MISS CLARABELLE MTJICSELL, PROMINENT IN OAKLAND SOCIETY, IS TO WHISTLE FOR THE BENEFIT |
OF FABIOLA. LADIES OF THE HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION HAVE MADE PREPARATIONS THAT INSURE j
A DELIGHTFUL TIME AT THEIR TEA TO-MORROW AFTERNOON. PHOTO BY BELLE OUDRY. j
Arrested for Fast i>riving.
.Richard Callahan, a drummer for a
,wine firm, drove recklessly along Market
street last .evening and narrowly . missed
running over an old man. He was arrest
ed by . Policeman ; Thrnnas Naylor and
charged with fast driving over a street
crossing.'-' ,-
Poolselling Cases on Appeal.
Judges Cook, Lawlor and Dunne will sit
In bank in Judge Lawlor's courtroom in
the. Hall of Justice to-day to hear the ar
guments and decide the four poolselling
cases on appeal from convictions in the
police courts, and other appeal cases. Ah
effort was again made yesterday to get
the poolselling cases on the Police Court
calendars set for trial, but small progress
was made. Judge " Fritz agreed to con
tinue the case of Thomas Corbett till to
morrow., to be then set for trial on : Octo
ber -22, : and Judge : Conlan continued the
cases on-'his calendar till to-morrow, and
one to be selected will then be -set for
trial.
JOPLIX. Ma.. Oct. It.— Printers In Typo
graphical Union No. 530 cf Jorlln struck to
day for higher wages and shorter hours. AH
three ¦ local new*rapers are affM-tM. and the
New»-IIeraltl was unab!e to issue to-tlay. The
union dementi* are considered un'.'ist. the
newspapers asserting: that higher than scale
wages are now belns palJ. TSe strikers re
fuse to arbitrate and their demands will b«
ljnored.
Escaped Prisoner Recaptured.
Cash Crosby, a younpr man who about
nine months ago escaped from the patrol
wagon while being driven to the Police
Court to be tried on a charge of vagrancy,
was arrested last n!ght on Bush and Du
pont streets by Officer William Hines. He
was locked up in the City Prison.
Misappropriated Ward's Funds.
Louis Junker was sent to jail by Judge
Coffey yesterday, to remain there until he
repays $150 belonging to the estate of Miss
Emma Hanson. Junker is Miss Hanson's
guardian. A few weeks ago it was dis
covered that he had misappropriated $150
of his ward's money. Judge Coffey told
him that he must make restitution.
Junker, not having returned the money
appeared before Judge Coffey, yesterday
on an order to show cause* -On being
asked what he had done with' the $150
Junker smilingly answered • that "he
guessed he had spent it." ; Judge Coffey
said- he "guessed" the guardian would
have an opportunity to regret his action,
and ordered him into the Sheriff's cus
tody. Junker said he had no money with
which to < make restitution, - but . ; he be
lieved his wife, who he said was worth
J20.000. would assist him in regaining hla
liberty.
RAILWAY TELEGRAPHERS
EXPEL GRAND PRESIDENT
"W. V. Powell Convicted of Conduct
: Unbecoming' a Member and Offi
cer of the Order.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 11.— W. V. Powell, who
for several years has been grand . presi
dent of the Order of Railway Telegraph
ers, was expelled from the organization
to-day by a large majority of votes of the
delegates. .The vote of expulsion came
after a trial lasting nearly two days, at
which both the prosecution and the de
fendant were represented by counsel and
careful investigation of the charges was
made. - .
The trial was strictly executive and
news as to what transpired -was only ob
tainable to-night. The charge against
Mr. Powell was conduct unbecoming a
member and officer of the order.
Th» chaxees were originally preferred
by Secretary Perham. At the same time
counter-charges were presented by Powell
against Perham. The Perhara investiga
tion ia still pending.
GLASGOW. Oct. 11.— All th« pla«ru<» nusp^rt.i
have been dismissed, but twenty ptaru* ca.«c>a
remain In the hospital. An official bulletin
says: ' Th; outbreak has been completely
checked. Twenty-one days have elapsed stne-s
the laat case. The reception houses will be
closed to-day."
"Fake" Gas Inspector Heard From
Captain K-ymour :s» aching to get hold
nf the man who calls at houses, represent
ing that he is a pas inspector. He was in
receipt of nncthcr rcj»ort yesterday m«">m-
Inc nhowln? that the man ¦was still plying
hi5 vocation. The complaint cam" from
Mr?. J. M. Wall. 2107 Octavia street. She
report*^ th.-it the man tailed at her resi
<iencp Wednesday. She was FU5picious of
him urd ordered her servant to follow
him. The man went through every room
In the house and nover once asked the
F*>rvnnt where the meter vras to be found.
He v.as po clost-Iy watched that he was
not able to steal anything. He also called
r.t the house next door, but met with the
Bamc non-success.
IHICAGO. Oct. 11.— Announcement was made
to-day of the appointment of F. A. Miller as
general passenger agent of the Chicago. Mil
waukee and St. Paul Railroad, vice George II.
Heflord resigned.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Oct. II.— Marriage licenser;
were issued lo-day to Manuel Co^ta. 22
years of ep». ar.d Mariana Souza. 21. both
of Niles; Ad«-lbtrt Cowan. 24. and Anni
Dority. IS, both of Oakland; Manual
Souza, 27. find Annie G. O«ton. IS. both of
Oakland; Adolf Theodore John Jatho. 37.
San Francisco, and Louisa Sonhle Nord
hausen. 3*".. Oakland: flustav Ttc-usch. Zi.
and Eita TJtbc-ow. 17. both of San Fraji
cifco; Michael MoGrath. 40. and Bridget
Ryan. W, both of Oakland.
FRANCIS E. McMANN, SON OF A MILLIONAIRE, WHO DIED IN THE I
CITY AND COUNTY ¦ HOSPITA L YESTERDAY OB> CONSUMPTION.
HE WAS PENNILESS AND ALMOST WITHOUT FRIENDS.
A MAN died in the City and Count}
Hospital on Wednesday night last
whose name up to a few hours
before his death was believed by
all but one man to be Frank Wil
liams of nowhere in particular and a vic
tim of Ralloping consumption. Two
months before his death the man confided
to the Rev. Douglas Kelly of the St.
Cornelius Episcopal Chapel, who had
taken an interest in him, that hla true
name was Francis McMann.
At long intervals Williams or McMann
told the priest bits of his life's story. It
was a story of a misspent. career, of an
educated man who nacl become passion's
slave and sunk from bad to worse, ever
lower until a victim of consumption
he had become a pauper inmate or the
City and County Hospital?
As a proof ot his wealthy relationship,
McMann told the Rev. Mr. Kelly of an
uncle Thomas Montgomery, of McGill
street, Montreal, one of that city's moat
prosperous and wealthy merchants. This,
nowever. was the only direct mention he
ever made of being allied to prominent
P *Last July, when McMann entered the
hospital, he came there from Sacra
mento. . He came to the institution to
die. A short but rapid career of wild
dissipation had shrunk his once athletic
form to mere skin and bone and his one
hope was to end his days, If not in com
fort, at least In a certain peace. This
much he confided to '.he Rev. Mr. Kelly.
The day he died, but some time before
dissolution took place, McMann told hio
spiritual adviser that Charles T. Waters,
a clerk in the auditing' department of
Wells-Fargo, knew him well and would
dispatch a telegram to his people, whose
names or business McMann had never
confided to the priest. Waters sent the
telegram, but up to late last night no an
swer had been received. Mr. Kelly sent
a letter to Thomas Montgomery, whom
McMann claimed was his uncle, two
weeks ago, but no answer has reached
Even in their terribly emaciated condi
tion as they look up from a slab in tho
' hospital morgue, JIcMann's features
show a certain refinement and Mr. Kelly
says that he seemed a man above the
ordinary, refined and educated. Whether
the story he told is true or not Is a ques
tion, but there can be no doubt, and in
this the hospital officials agree, that
Frank Williams, pauper consumptive, no
matter what his real name was, was one
who had fallen from an estate, if not
high, at least higher than that in which
he died. The body will, , according: to
custom, be kept three days. In the event
of no claim for it being brought forward
it must lie in the potter's field or becomo
a subject for the dissecting-room. . -
When seen last night • Rev. Mr. Kelly
willingly gave all the Information he had.
"I met McMann," said he. "threo
months ago at the City and County Hos
pital. I- became interested in him and
we frequently held long conversations to
gether. Very rarely, however, did he
offer to throw any lighi on his past life,
but from occasional bursts of confidence
on his part I gathered that his had been
Consumption Ends Career of Francis MeMann*
"Who Had a -Wealthy Uncle in Montreal.
a life thrown away. Young, athletic
and unmistakably well bred. AlcMann has
reaped the whirlwind. Just before he
died he told, me of Waters' friendship for
him and I communicated with Waters,
who telegraphed" to Montreal, but this
message, as was mine to Mr.' Montgom
ery, has up to this time remained un
answered.- I do not know how. much
money he had thrown away— some thou
sands, I should imagine. Men do not go
such a pace for a. small sum."
JEWISH COUNCIL OF
"WOMEN IN SESSION
The first general meeting of the local
section, of the Council of Jewish Women
was held last evening at the Temple
Sherlth Israel. Mrs. Max Sloss, president
of the section, presided.
Miss Sadie American, secretary of the
national council, addressed the meeting
and clearly defined the alms and' objects
of the council, which is to study all things
Jewish. ..:-...
Mrs. Max Sloss read an Interesting
paper, in which she outlined the aims and
hopes of the local council. She said the
following committees were already or
ganized and ready to begin the serious
work of the council:
Kcllpious committee. Mrs. Andrew Da
vis, chairman; philanthropy committee.
Miss Jessica Petxotto. chairman; religious
school committee, Mrs. SIg Stern, chair
man; junior section committee, Mrs.
Gradwohl. chairman; reciprocity commit
tee. Mrs. I^evy. chairman, and the pro
gramme committee, composed of the
chairmen of the various committees.
Mrs. Hecht of Boston was called upon
and ppoke interestingly of the work of the
Boston council, of which section she ia
the president.
Heavy Wheels of a Truck
Crush Stella Marie
Brissolasa.
Stella Marie Brlssolasa, a child 6 years
of age. came to an awful death under
the wheels of a heavy truck on Mission
road, near China avenue, yesterday after
noon. The little one's head was crushed
beyond recognition, but notwithstanding
her horrible injuries, she lived fully fif
teen minutes after the accident occurred.
The girl's brother. Nicholas, one year her
senior, made a heroic attempt to rescue
his sister and was himself seriously in
jured. The body was taken to the
Morgue.
About 3 o'clock ¦ yesterday afternoon a
number of children were frolicking along
the Mission road. Some of them amused
themselves by jumping on passing vehicles
and when a heavy truck, drawn by four
horses and driven by Ed O'Malley, came
alonpr. both Xicholas and his sister
climbed on one side of it. The truck was
running alone the railroad track, and as
a car approached the driver attempted
to pull the vehicle to one side of the
street. The boy Jumped to the ground,
but a sudden jar threw the little girl off.
Nicholas Instantly made a desperate at
tempt to save hla sister, and succeeded
in pulling her almost clear of the big
wheels. He did not act quickly enough,
however, and one of .the rear wheels
passed over the girl's head, crushing it
to a pulp. Young Nicholas slipped and
injured his arm.
O'Malley was arrested and taken to the
Sixteenth-street police station. The child
resided with her parents at 6 Cayuga
street.
DEATH CLAIMS SLEEPING
LASS AND LITTLE CHILD
Jennie Gibney read her prayer boolc and
told her roaary beads last Wednesday
night before she went to sleep for the last
time, and when morning's light came ghe
lay cold and white In death, the string of
beads twined around her fingers and tho
prayer book in bod at her aide.
Miss Gibney was 19 years old. She went
to work last Monday as a servant In the
family of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Schanzer,
1129 Pierce street. At a quarter before t
o'clock yesterday morning Miss Jessie
Schanzer went to her room to awaken
her. The door was slightly ajar and the
room was full of gaa.
The theory of suicide Is not entertained
by Miss Glbney's friends. They say that
she was an unobtrusive young woman of
deep religious convictions and had no
troubles, fancied or real, that would im
pel her to take her own life. Their theory
Is that she went to sleep with, the sraa
burning and that the jet was extinguished
by a sudden draught through the partly
open door or by a diminution, of pressure
in the pipes.
Miss Jennie Gibney Found
Asphyxiated With Ro
sary in Hand,
REAPS THE WHIRL WIND IN
COUNTY HOSPITAL WARD
San Francisco Firm Locates
on Alameda Side of
Estuary.
• »
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Oct. 11.
Ten acres of marsh land on the Ala
rm-da side of the estuary have heen pur
chased by the United Engineering Works
nf Baa Francisco as a site for a ship
building plant. The location .Is opposite
Adams' wharves, east of the Harrison
street Southern- Pacific railroad bridge,
lne company has made some minor Im
provements on the solid land in the pur
chase, but before building extensively will
be compelled to do much fULlus.
The purchase is a significant one, as in
dicative of the future development of the
frontapo on both sides of the estuary and
Oakland harbor. The management of the
works, while confirming: the report of the
purrhaw, is» not ready to announce Its
plans In detail with relation to the exten
sive acquirement. The site ia large
enouph for big enterprises. Manager
Christie said:
"We will follow the same lines of busi
ness here that we have in njHTation in
San Franripco, namely, ship Uuildinp. and
marine machinery construction. At pres
ent It is not contemplated that anv work
of Kieat magnitude will be done 'at the
new location.
••Tin- estuary is in a position to become
a prcat center for the ship buildinp in
dustry and to be a port of larpe mari
time development. The land we pur
chased, while not for immediate use, can
be ft cured now much cheaper than a few
years henrp."
The T'nlted Oil Producers' Company has
secured a site on the Alameda marsh
near \\ ebster-street bridge, where a
crude oil storage plant is being installed
The oil will be used by the electric lines
of Alameda, Oakland and Berkeley as
well as by other establishments which
are to substitute the oil for coal.
SHIP BUILDING
PLANT ON MARSH
GOOD TEMPLARS
SELECT VALLEJO
Grand Lodge Will Convene
in That Town Next
Year.
OAKLAND. Oct. U.-There was a battle
royal in the Grand Lodge of Good Tem
plars this afternoon between representa
tives from Santa Monica, Sacramento.
Petaluma and Vallejo for the honor of
cr.tertainir.i; the Grand Lodjre at Its con
vention in 1901. The contest was a friend
ly Ptru^ple. but po vigorously fought that
four ballots wert- required before Vallejo
won out. Sacramento was the hottest rival
cf SoJano's county seat. The selection ef
Vallejo was due largely to arguments of
Its delegation that the Grand Lodge wouM
by meeting there next year have an op
portunity to see and enjoy the Good Tem
plars' orphan home located at that city
and flourishing because of recent bequests
of CS3.000.
The report of the local committee which
recommended no chance in the general
management of the home this year was
adopted by the Grar.o Lodge.
The> election of prand officers for the
rnpuinp term resulted as follows: Past
prand chief templar, Rev. J. W. Webb ol
Fre?no; grand chief templar. Theodore D.
Kannusp <-,f Los Angeles; grand counselor.
W. P. Xelherton of Santa Cruz: grand
vice templar. Miss Materson r>T Inyo
County; grand pe<r«tary. F. W. Anthony
cf Livcrraore; grand treasurer, Volney
Taylor of Byron.
TT>»» following prajri ofTVcers were ap
pointed by Grand Chief Tfmp'ar Kanouse:
Grand a5?i5tant secretary, B. O. Larey or
Papadena; prnnd marshal. A. C. Banta
of Ban Jose: deputy prand marshal, Mrs.
A. A. Kreiss of Oakland; pra.nO puarrl,
Mr*. Lucy E. Mead of Fresno: prand sen
tinel. William I. Holland of Carters.
The following trustees wore elected: F.
H. Taft of Santa Monica. A. A. Smith of
Oakland. Rev. J. \V. Wobb of Fresno;
trustee* of the omhans' home: Robert
Thompson if San Francisco. Volney Tay
lor of Byron. Mrs. L. S. Robins of San
Francisco. Mrs. N. J. Thompson.
Contributions of ?2TS were made for
temperance •work under the direction of
the order.
The new erand nfflcerp w^e Installed
thi« evenlne with nnnropr'.-ite ceremony
and th« ronventinn adjourned.
are Mrs. Hugo Abrahamson, Mrs. John
Adams, Mrs. S. T. Alexander, Mrs. Wil
liam Angus, Mrs. E. J. Barrett, Mrs. Al
bert Brown, Mrs. A. W. Burrell, Mrs. % H.
A. Butters. Miss Katherine Chabot, Mrs.
C. S. Chaqaberlain, Mrs. William Clift,
Mrs. G. W. Cook. Mrs. Charles E. Cotton,
Mrs. George W. Dornln. Mrs. O. P. Down
ing. Miss Etta Everson. Mrs. George E.
Fairehild. Mrs. A. G. Freeman, Mrs. S.
M. Gilman, Mrs. A.'H. Glascock. Mrs.-R.
W. Gorrill. Miss Janet C. Haight, Mrs. '
E. T. Henshaw, Mrs. E. A. Heron, Mrs.
E. M. Herrick. Mrs. Hugh Hogan. Mrs.
John L. Howard. Mrs. E. B. Jerome, Mrs.
George W. Kelley. Mrs. O. C. Kirk, Miss
Loretta Kirk. Mrs. M. J. Keller, Mrs. H.
D. Lathrop. Mrs. Paul Lohse, Mrs. John
Maxwell. Mrs. J. P. McCabe, Mrs. R. W.
McChesney, Mrs. J. M. Merrill, Mrs. Wil
liam Moller.'Mrs. H. A. Powell. Mrs. E.
Remlllard, Mrs. P. N. Remlllard, Mrs. I.
L. Requa, Mrs. A. M. Rosborough, Mrs.
E. B. Sanborn, Mrs. J. J. Scotchler, Mrs.
Prentiss Selby, Mrs. -William S. Snook,
Mrs. Gordon M. Stolp. Mrs. Charles Sut
ton. Mrs. Edwin Taylor. Mrs. E. M.
Walsh. Mrs. Francis Wilson. Mrs.- E. A.
Whitaker, Miss Wlnalda Wilcox, Mrs. J.
H. Wilson and the directors— Mrs. C. W.
Armes Jr.. Mrs. W. T. Barton. Mrs. Reml
Chabot. Mrs. Q. A.~ Chase. Mrs. H. E.
Cooke. Mrs. William R. Davis, Mrs. Wal
lace EversOn. Mrs. J. A. Folger, Mrs. W.
Afternoon— Sone, Miss Belle Scotchler; man-.
dollns and guitars, Professor Farrer and or
chestra; song. Mrs. Frederick S. Stratton;
piano solo, Mrs. Hey ward O. Thomas. Even
ing — Vocal trio. Clarenc* T. Wendell, tenor;
Arthur H. Kennedy, barytone; Frank M.
Thompson, basso; Illustrated talk, "The Roman
Baths," Dr. -W. F. Southard; whistling solo,
Mins Clarabelle Munsell.
The calendars are most artistic and con
tain an appropriate quotation for . every
day In the year. They are the result of
much labor by the ladies of the associa
tion and will be sold at $1 each, which
sum has been fixed as the admission fee.
Every one attending ¦will be presented
with a calendar.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11.— St Paul's
Evangelical Lutheran Church, on
The corner of Thirty-second and
Linden streets, will be dedicated
on Sunday afternoon next at 2:3")
p. m.. and the members of the church
have issued Invitations to their friends to
atun<l the ceremonies. Special services
will be held by the pastor. Rev. J. X. An
derson, who will be assisted by fourteen
minis-ttrs of the Lutheran faith from
:i! ¦¦•¦:: the bay. The choir of eighteen
colee*. under the charpe of P. J. Oxsen.
win render special music.
St. Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church
if unique in one respect. It starts its ca
rr-er without any indebtedness. The build
ing and the furnishings are all paid for,
and the work of the church will not be
hampered by the necessity of raising
money to meet its obligations. Few
church organizations can construct a
building and begin their life in their new
home free of debt. This is due to the
work of the pastor. Rev. J. N. Anderson,
and the building committee, composed of
S. Anderson, chairman, and X. Brown and
G. Hall. The members of the committee
are practical business men and they let
the contracts and paid for them as they
went along, and will be able to present
the building to the church on Sunday en
tirely paid for.
The church has been In existence but
two years. It was organized under Rev.
Mr. Stensrud.. Tiho was succeeded a year
ago by Rev. J. X. Anderson, who has been
mnft successful in his administration. Ser
vices have been held In Golden West Hall
until the presnt time.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— The debut of
Miss Chrisste Taft, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Taft. fur
nished the occasion to-day for a
brilliant society function, the
first of the "at homes" which have been
planned for the winter season by the
Tafts in honor of Miss Taffs formal in
troduction into the society world. The
Taft residence at 13S3 Harrison street
was the scene of the affair, which was
marked by a quiet elegance and a fash
ionable crush that gave the event a not
able place in the programme of receptions
and entertainments of the season. Miss
Taft returned recently from New York,
where she had finished her education.
Ever since her home-coming preparations
have been going on for to-day's event.
The prominence of the family and the
popularity of the young debutante gave
the reception more than ordinary interest
In the eyes of the many friends here and
abroad who were among the guests in
vited to share In the charming belles
entrance into the world of fashion.
In honor of the oceasfon the residence
was beautifully decorated. Yellow and
white chrysanthemums, the season's
flowers, were utilized in great profusion
and with much artistic taste. • Roses
formed the drawing-room embellish
ments. The ' greenery - of ferns and
smilax was the library color scheme.
White and green was the effect in the
dining-room, while the halls were gor
geous in yellow.
Mr. and Mrs. Taft were assisted in re
ceiving by Mrs. George W. McNear, Mrs.
E. B. Beck, Mrs. Chaxles R. Allen and
Mrs. John Spruance of San Francisco.
Miss Taft was assisted by Miss Jane
Creilin. Miss Pauline Fore. M!s=3 Gene
vleve Fore, Miss lone Fore, Miss Edith
Gasklll. Miss Howard, Miss Pauline
Lohse, Miss Anita Lohse, Miss Elsie
Marwedel. Miss Winfred Morgan. Miss
Maud Edith Pope. Miss Sue de Freraery,
Miss Elsie Gregory. Miss Georgle Lacey
and MIfs Florence Hayden.
In the evening Miss Taft entertained
these young ladies at dinner, together
with th.? following named gentlemen:
Edwin Beck, Walter L«!mert, Robert Ne
well. Philip Clay, Robert Bain. De Ver
McLaren, Philo Llndiey, Gregory Mc-
Clure. Ed Gllman. Philip Gilman. Hewitt
Davenport. Carl Hoffman. Jack Hoffman.
Robert Ritchie, Lieutenant Mel. Law
rence Green, George Kierulff, Kay Craw
ford and Mr. Phclps.
Miss Taffs gown was Parisian, of white
tulle over white taffeta, appliqued with
silver and garlanded with white and pink
roses. -„ ¦•¦¦
Mrs. Taft wore a lavender gown, ap
pliqued In white.
There were 1400 Invitations to the re
ception. Amonij the guests were Mr. and
Mrs. Edson Adams. Mr. and Mrs. S. T.
Alexander, Wallace Alexander. Mr. and
Mrs. J. G. Allen. Miss Edith Adams, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles A. Bailey, Mr. and Mrs.
George \V. Baker. "Miss Baker. Mr. and
Mrs. Pliny Eartlett. Rev. ami Mrs. John
Bakewell, Mr. and Mrs. Charles BUaa,
Mrs. Gretchen Bernett. Mr. and Mm. A.
P. Brayton. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Kreelc,
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Brown. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Brlgham, Mr. and Mrs. Henry But
ters, Miss M. R. Babson. Mrs. Rc-ml
Chabot, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. dickering,
Mr. and Mrs. S. B. Coghill. Mr. and Mrs.
Francis Cutting. Mr. and Mrs. W. R Eng
lish, Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Everson. Mr.
and Mrs. A. ©. Downing. Mr. arul Mrs.
E. R. Folger, Mrs. E. C. Farnham Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Friend. Mr. and Mrs.
D. C. W. Gasklll, Robert M. Fitzgerald.
Mr. and Mrs. John Garber, Mr. anil Mrs.
Edwin Goodall, lieutenant anrt Mrs. Mal
colm Graham. Mrs. W. E. Hale. Miss
Sadie HaK Mr. and Mrs. E. U, Herrick,
Mr. and Mrs. John I... Howard. Mr. arid
Mm. T. T Dargie. Mr. and Mrs. M. \V.
Kales. Mr. and Mrs. Irving C Lewis. Mr.
and Mrs. William Magpe. Mr. ami Mrs.
"W. E. Dargie. Mr. and Mrs. Edinirton
Detrick Jr.. Thomas A. Dri3coll. IStsm
Florence Edoff. Mr. and Mrs. Alfre<l Easr
land. Major and Mrs. Mhoon. Mr. ami
Mrs. A. S. MacDonald, Mrs. Albert Mil
ler. Mr. and Mrs. Scott Oberdorf. Mr. and
Mrs. William Letts Oliver, Laura ('.
Prather, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Ralston, Mr.
and Mrs. A. P. Redding. Mr. and Mrs.
E. C. Sessions, Mrs. P. Sather. Mr. anil
Mrs. R. L. Stephensbn. Mr. and Mrs.
Gordon Stolp. Air. and Mrs. J. W. Tnmp
kins, Otto Wedemeyer. President and Mrs.
Henjamin Irle Wheeler. Mr. and Mrs.
Gccrgp Walker. Mr. and Mrs. John J.
Valentine. Mr. and Mrs. Fred Wicker
sham, Isaac Upham, Miss Florence Yates.
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Young. Rev. and
Mrs. Charles Brown, Mr. and Mrs. A. L.
Stone, Mr. and Mrs. E» B. Stone. Mr. and
Mrs. Fred S. Strattorr, Mr. and Mrs.
; Thomas Prather, Mr. and Mrs. P. E.
Bowles, Mr. and Mrs. Horry W. Meek..
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Baldwin. Mr. and
, Mrs. John Watcrhouse. Miss Mollle Con
r.ers. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Crellin. Mr.
! and Mrs. George E. de Golia, Mr. and
Mrs. W. O. Palmanteer, Dr. and Mrs.
R. F. Paulin. Mr. and Mrs. T. Cary
Friedlander. Mr. and Mrs. Ritchie Living
stone Dunn. Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Fore.
Mrs. J. A. Folgcr. Mrs. Helen Garthwalte.
Mr. and Mrs. Isaac L. Requa. Colonel and
Mrs. Oscar F. Long and Mr. and Mrs.
J. W. McClymonds.
W. Standeford. Mrs. Allen D. Wilson and
Mrs. John Yule.
In addition to these ladies there will be
several little features in charge of young
ladles outside of the active management
of the Fabiola Association. The tea table
will be presided over by Mrs. W. W.
Standeford, Mrs. Prentlss Selby and Mrs.
Willard Barton. The famous "calendars"
will be in charge of Miss Ada Kenna, Miss
Ada English, Miss Addle Gorrill and Miss
Carrie OorriU. Others who will assist are
Miss Bessie Gage, Miss Chrlssle Taft,
Miss Laura Cre.llln. Miss Ethel Valentine,
Mlsa Florlnne Brown, Miss Florence
Mayhew, Miss Ethel Olney, Miss Ruth
Dunham. Miss Gertrude Allen, Miss Edith
Lilliencrantz, Miss Bertha Goodrich,
Miss Florence Haden. Miss Ethel McCly
monds and Miss Constance McKeane.
There will be a programme for both
afternoon and evening. The "talk" upon
the famous Koman baths by Dr. Southard
will be short and most interesting. The
programme will be as follows:
Splendid Programme of
Music Has Been Ar-
Promenade/ Will Take
Place Afternoon and
Evening.
Beautiful Souvenir Will
Be Given to Each
Visitor.
Mrs. Herrick Grants Use
of Her House and
Grounds.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— The "Calen
dar" tea to be given by the ladies
of ihe Fabiola Hospital Associa
tion to-morrow afternoon at the
residence of Mrs. E. M. Herrick
at 2081 Webster street will be one of the
most delightful affairs of the early sea
son. The ladies of the Fabiola Hospital
Association have prepared a calendar for
the year 1901, similar to that Issued two
years ago, and the tea has been given to
Introduce the calendar.
All of the ladles of the Fabiola Hospital
Aspoclatl<m will assist In making the tea
a social and financial success. Mrs. E. M.
Herrick has given the use of her beauti
ful home and the grounds surrounding.
The ladles who will receive In the name
of the association will be the board of
managers, together with the officers and
directors. Those who will be so occupied
"Calendar" Tea for Benefit of Hospital Will Be a
J. Prominent Soeial Event.
FABIOL A LADIES PREPARE
TO PLEASANTLY ENTERTAIN
9
MISS CHRISSIE TAFT IS FORMALLY INTRODUCED INTO OAKLAND
SOCIETY.
(Photo by Kllnk.)
The Rev. Samuel Slocoznbe
leaves the pulpit
Grace Fern writes a stir-
ring article in this connection
for next Sunday's Call.
It will interest you even if
you are not a member of the
church.
You must read it. ¦THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, ,1900.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market end Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlcht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 8:30 p. m.
200 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; cpen until S:80 p. m.
f.:. Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2T61 Market corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. ra.
106 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; cpen until > p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky 6treets: open until 9 p. m.
SIEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K.
T.. No. 8 Post ft.— Regular assembly 'Bar*
THIS EVENING. All fraters cour- CMJ
teously Invited. By order of the Com- <£y
mander.
HIRAM T. GRAVE3. Recorder.
A SPECIAL meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodjre of Perfection No. 1. A. and A., rf
Scottish rite of Freemasor.ry. will A
b« held In Chapter Hall. Masonic Tem- _««_
pie. on FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Oc- «5rc*>
~W5er 12 1900. at 4:30 and 7 o'clock. D>rre<?s
«. S and 6. HENRY BURNER. Sec.
LA PARFAITE Union" Lodge No. 17. F. m
and A. M.— Called meetlnz FRIDAY. -J 1 *.
October 12. IS'.*. 8 p. ra. First degree. TtJS
Ey order ol the W. M. ' '
P. ST. JULLIEN. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 13. I. O. a
F.— Members and visitors cordial- r_$ZfKfc=
ly invited THIS (FRIDAY) -^S!^-"
KIGHT. 8 o'clock. Second degree "'
• will bo conferred by Apollo Lodge depree
team. HANDEL H. ZOI3EL. N. G.
W. F. NORCRQgS, Rec. Sec.
ANNI'AL MEETING— Regular annual meet- ,
lTip of stockholder!" of the KILAUEA SlTtAR
PLANTATION CO. will be held at the of-
fice of the comrar.y. No. 327 Market Ft.. San
FranciFfo. California, on WEDNESDAY,
the 24th day of O-tober. 19™. at 11 o'clock
«.. m.. for the purpose of electing a board j
of directors to serve for the ensuing year,
erd the transaction of such ether burlneps as
rney curne before the meeting. Transfer book*
clo»* on Saturday. October 13. at 12 oVlock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS to handle campaign novelties. New
England Novelty and Metal Works. US Et.
TO handle Robin^n's Thermal Rath Cabinet, j
Fac'.Sc Agf-nts Supply Co.. 2461 Eighteenth st. .
AGENTS of ability and exprrier.ee in life Insur- ;
anw. Call at room I'M. ?3? Mnrkpt. cor Sixth.
AS1>IIAL '' 1 ™ HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rocflne. ?idev.-a:ks; cellar j
flnnrr I.-Ud. rppairyd: tx^rp.l. 11^> Mission Et.
ASTROLOGY.
MME. HICKEY— Astrcloslst : horosccp-5. 50c:
card reading end p.ilrnistry. 2*c. 1933 Mission.
DR. C. T. TAYLOR, rc'.er.tiilc astrologer, com- j
putf-s horoscopes by Ptolemy method. ~f~> Mkt. .
¦ ¦ """*~ " " — ™"" s i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW".
R. TV. KING, attorney st law, Sr7 Market St., j
room i2~— i>tatet>, damages, attachments,
bcr.krur>tcy, collections: all cases; fair fees;
so advance ehanrre; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private; i
r.o fee without Fuceess; collections. G. W. '
HOWE, any at law. BO Market, cor. Stockton. '
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
colle<tion*. J. A. Mitchell, 21* Montgomery.
AOVZCE free; n« charpe unless successful. W.
\V. Davidson. JCT Market ft., orp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Fpreckels bldg.. S2T Mar-
fret ft.: frf»: t^q fw in advance.
BATH CABIXETS.
HOBINPON ?;, 4- panel foltlln?; door opens: firm !
sn<J Fafe. W. S. BROWN, r. »n. Bet.. 416 Ellis, j
BOAKDI5G FOK CHILDHUX.
GERMAN laxly wlshe* infant babies to board; '¦.
ir./od jr-ferences. 429 Minna et.
MIPPLE-AOED woman would like to board j
ml^r.ts. Ci Jessie et., in r^-ar. :
nrsixEss chaxces. *
A^HocTIsaLOON ; rent SIj: i 1 * blocks from Call
bldg.; must be soil to-day. K. G. WILKE,
2CH Kearny st,
LADY or gentlemen with busineas ability to
buy interest in medlrine business: experience
not necessary. CaJl It. <-i. WILKE, 26*»
Ktarny Ft.
ATTENTION, RESTAURANT MEN!
A— J7GC0; cafe with long I»ase. close to Mar-
ket and Powell ste. : surrounded by theaters.
and doing a rushing business; customers and
jiiices first class; private dining rt>oms, wiih
ladies' entrance*; Fic-kne^s compels owner to
leave the city. Particulars K. G. WILKE.
2€Hi Kcarry et.
A— PARTY -wanted in manafacturinK business;
patented article: to be used in every house-
hold; large profits and immense sales in sight;
a rare business proposition. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. X\j Kearny st.
A— $?no ; BL'TCHER ehop. with horse and cart.
in best location of Western Addition; place
established lor years and doing a first-class
business: a splendid chance for any man.
Call K. G. WILKE. 26H Keamy gt.
A— 1400: BUTCHER shop oa Valencia stT;
monthly receipts about 11200; Belling 4 cattle
per week; low rent: business. Call U.
O. WILKE. 2C4 Kearny st.
>. — 11400; SALOON established many years;
half a block north of Mason and Market:
rent $73; a flrst-c'.aES, paying place; partners
can't agree cause of sale. See H. G. WILKE,
SCH Keamy gt.
•A— «1100; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location in the Mission; rent $23; 4 living
rooms; place established years; owner, a
widow, wants to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
5cv« Kearcy «t.
A HOME kitchen delicacy and restaurant; re-
ceipts $20 day. Cowing & Co., 719 Market st.
A CORNER grocery and bar; big etock; all
fresh goodc; sickness. Cowing- & Co., 719 Mrkt.
JL. — PLUMBING business: receipts tSSO per mo.;
big bargain; sickness. Cowing & Co., 7_) Mkt.
A-RESTAURANT In best part cf city; must
be fold this day. COWING. 71» Market et.
Jk. — HOTEL: best location: money maker; call
at oact. COWING & CO.. 718 Market St.
A— CORNER ealoon; cood location; this is a
bargain. COWING & CO.. 718 Market «t.
Jl — ROOMING bouse; north Market; line loca-
tion; clears fTS month. COWIXG, 719 Market.
JL-4350; DELICACIES, lunch; receipts ~XS>; trial.
$25(*— Corner •alocn; 8 fur. rooms; bargain.
$«00— Cor. drar store; downtown; bargain.
I*."* — 18 houeekpg. rms.; clearing J60; Turk Et.
tinoo— Country saloon; Al offer.
J900— Saloon; 6 fur, nns.; receipts J20; trial.
$350— Day 6&loon; wholesale d!st, nr. Market.
Apply KELLT. 181 Montgomery Et.. room I.
A. GENERAL merchandise store In prosperous
town across th« bay; leading concern there;
muft «e!l at sacrifice. KELLY, 131 Montgy.
A— PAT. FIEHER & CO.. have you lodglng-
houses? Yes. What price? $300 up. any loca-
tion desired: U rooms. $300: 10 rooms. (4S0: 10
rooms, new JS»OO, fln»; 20 rooms, bargain, t7£l»;
27 rooms, $2000, enap; all sizes, all prices, all
new bargains; call and see us. 1032 Market et.
»500— RESTAURANT, delicacy and bakery: C«n-
tral; doing fine baslnese. BASILE. S Eddy.
EXPRESS wacon, harness and horse; one do-
i:-S good business ; state full particulars. Ad-
dress box <780, Call oiflce.
MUST be sold; grocery, notion and branch
bakery etore; owner seriously sick and oom-
polled to leave city. Box IS, 106 Elevtnth at.
WANTED— Email paper route; Call or Chronl-
cle. Address, statin? prloe. box 4782. Call.
WOULD like to purchase saloon In small town;
mining; camp preferred. Box 4712, Call office.
COUNTRY barber shop for sale or rent: only
one in town. Apply 166S Fifth St.. Oakland.
$4000— FOR sale; wholesale coffee, tea and spice
business; larce established trade; full Inves-
tigation; principals only. Box 47:5, Call.
WANTED— Buy. rent or will open country bar-
ber shop. II. J. SILVEIKA, 1000 Seventh st,.
Oakland.
A BARGAIN: corner grocery, with bar; cash
business; Mission district! do agents: terms
each; Investigation Invited. Box 419 j. Call.
A FINE larce store to let on OTaxrell st., near
Powell; suitable for any business; cheap rent.
Apply at 15 Grant ave.
BRANCH bakery for sale: candy, notions, etc.
S404 Mission St.. n»ar Thirtieth.
HAIRDRESSING parlors; lease and nxturee for
eale; great baixaln. Box 4701, Call office.
BARBETtS— 2-chair rhoj> for sale cheap. Ad-
drees B. F. CHRISTIAN. Martinez. Cal.
GOOD business chaflce; day taloon; rent cheap.
G. W. GRAMg. 200 Clay rt.
FOR REXT — Fine coal yard cheap; central lo-
cation. Apply 2101 Central ave., Alameda.
i6d0— RESTAURANT dolnr rood paying buci-
• ness: estab. 14 yrs. Apply 460 Montgomery ave.
6ALOON with fixtures: 6 living rooms; rent
cheap. Apply bet. S and II. 721 Davis st.
RESTAURANT, good business: surrounded by
factories; must sell; leaving city. SJOSeventh.
A- EXAP — Coffee and chop house; rheumatism
compels eale at once. 239 Elgrhth St.
FOR BALE— Klondike Oyster House; money-
maker; causesslcknees. 126 Third et.
TARTNER with $4000 in fine merchant tailoring
business; do cutter needed, Bex 2C?L Call.
V! LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
EMEf:^inniiraTTl3DbY st.
44 rooms, rent $125; Kood investment.
60 rooms south of Market; a mint.
IB rooms on G. G ave., good, price J57S.
9 rooms on Jones St., only C50.
$3800 will buy the best downtown 6S-room
houfe In the city. Don't rail to eee us. Phono
Mint 3016.
LODGING-HOUSES! LODGING-HOUSES'.
' Hundreds for sale from $150 to $10,000; some
b'lK money makers: in all locations: Inspect
our lists for honest bargains; the best are for
eale only at our office; cash or easy pay-
ments. HAYES & WILSON. 838 Market St.
(The Elite).
LODGING-HOUSE buyer*, attention— Houses
at reduced prices; genuine bargains; slies and
location to suit: money 'loaned. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO.. 917 Market St.. bet. Fifth and
Sixth; phone 1911.
A— 22-ROOM roomlngrhouse; central $1000
20-room house; first-class 1GS0
11-room house. $47D; 6- room flat S25
FISHER & CO.. 1033 Market St.
MARION GRIFFIN
719 Market et. room 1; tel. Black 1S03; see my
list of 218 lodgicK-houses at my office.
FOR sale— A 10-room lodging-house for $12a.
1251H Mission 6t.. corner Ninth.
NICELY furnished IE-room house: cheap rent;
easy termb or cheap for cash. 742 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C paces, sent to any address in the
Vnlted States or Canada one year for $1,
postage, paid.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO., 150 New Montgomery st.
TWO horses, SCW IbfcS harness, wapon, cow. A<1-
| dress E. P. ERICKS'ON. 10u^ 3M st.. 13. Uakt«.
AN A No. 1 express wapon, single. al^> light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
j ne-«. work & driving horses. ISth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuit?, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; cirs.Sun.,Wed..Frl.
fV 'f come and be convinced. (Permanently)
T,ir, Eddy et.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
; MRS. DIXON. convincing spiritual test circle
to-nlsiit at 25 Polk St.; Sundays at 2 p. m.^
PROF. GEE. medium— Startling tests; circles
every nlirht, 10c; readings, &0c, $1. 14S 6th.
MRS. HARLAXD'S test seance to-nlsht: sealed
letters read, 10c; sittings dally. 143 Sixth st.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, 8
! p. m. 14 McAllister St.. rm. 35; admission 10c.
ZBMDAR young, girted clalr., card render;
names given; 10 to 9. 1634 Market, nr. Polk.
MATCIIETT— Circle 8 p. m.. 10c; test to all;
sittings dally: L.. 60c; G-. $1. 132 Fourth st.
MRS. LESTER— Circles Sun.. Tues.. Frl. eve., !
10c; readings dally. 2»0 Turk St., room 4. j
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 122 Sixth St., room 1.
MIPS SOPHIA SKIP— Sun. at 8 and daily read-
i ngs. 6th & Mkt. sts.. Oakland. People's Hall.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 33S McAllister— Mrs. C. J. |
Meytr. gjt.dally; convlnc'n tests to-night; 10c.
MRS J J WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, bust- |
ne*5 nr-d'nm. life reader; fittings «¦ 1104 Mkt.
™ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, -wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil &. second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles
60c. gent SI: palm & clalr. 6it. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market.opp.
Cth: private readings daily 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME BERNARD. read3 life fluently; advice
- iclven in all affairs in life: satisfaction gruar-
ameed: 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
! MRP. E. PANDERS, 614 Taylor St.. near Geary
' —Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
i lacJIrs' circle .Thurs.. 2 p. m.; Frl. 8: clr. 25c.
j Jl'ST returned. MRS. E. L. I>AVIS. elairvoy-
' ar.t card reader; mental questions answered;
j ladies. 2ac; gents. 50c. 34 Sixth St.. room 6.
MME A CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller, plves best advice In difficult
' matf-rs. 13 Fulton et.. near Larkln.
MRS CAMERON, card reader, medium; 2.'c up.
?23 Mission st.: don't forget number; ring bell.
i MRS K. M. DITVAL. clairvoyant and business
I medium. 425 Golden Gate ave.
i MME. HANSON palmistry, card reader; paet,
I rroeont. future. 25c. 148 Sixth st. room 14.
' MRS MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
! ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
' CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
| 1st and card reading, 25c. 1241U Market st.
1 MME. WORELL. late from Washington; trance
medium; private sittings. »!¦ 821 Mission st.
I MME. ZEBEDA, the gypsy, is the great palra-
j 1st and card reader; 20c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
MME. Al'Gl'PT, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; Sic. 1149 Mission.
, MME SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
j Elttlrrs dally. 212*4 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
I advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
| a WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. |1 per year.
CARPET BEATISO AXD CLEANING.
STANDARD, 313 (Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 23c per pair; carpet* cleaned.
3c yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN' you become dissusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ir.g Works. 353-557 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth St.: teL Jesele 944.
J E MITCHELL. Carpet-Beatlne and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. .11.
STEVKNS. mar.. 38-40 8th et. : tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
| tel. Main SS4. GEO. WALCOJI, proprietor,
CON KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate avenue; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
j BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute pure,
painless ;ccnsult'n free. Dr. Duncan,4in Sutter.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Acency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 6 rms. bath & gas; yard and base-
meat. 1113 Vallejo, nr Leavenworth; rent $lu.
DENTISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our epeclalty: gold crowns.
12 50 up; plates, extractions free, !4 £0 up; of-
Uce hourv. 8 a. ra. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for beet crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and brid re-
work; teeth without a plate: fillings, 50c;
crowne, $3 60; plates full set, $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st. '
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 10W
Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on' crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
TEETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns, $3 50;
bridge work, tS; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry: hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. G. G.
DR. LUDLTJM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charee for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from ?S per set; extracting, 50o; gaa given.
DR. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Painless
extraction Mo; plates J5 up; tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST pricee In S. F.; painless extraction,
K'c. New York Dentists, 9£9 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Rush
Full set of teeth, J4; crowns. J3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VltOOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. II. G. YOUNG
1MI Polk et. . '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. U per year!
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital, Poet, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine, 76c; city visits, $1 £0; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills,
by drucRl.'ts or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, overO'Connor&Moffatt
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
prfvate class; patterns cut. 1018 Market st.
8. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. *U Van Ness.
EDICATIOXAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.: day
and evening; Individual instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarsnip. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; Just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
aud Is the best In S. F. ; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand* reportortal phrasing taught; prac-
tlral bookkeeping: full course $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
•leotrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
SPANISH classes day and evening. 305 Larktn
St.. cor. McAllister: 4 lessons a week. $3 a
month; also private. PROF. F. M.VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me,
$25. TARR. expert accnt.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. Q. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy,
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 12S6 Market st.
ENGINEERING.civll, elec., mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; est.1864.
VAN DAR NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
SPANISH. French, German, singing, piano, $2
mo.; hours. 2-4. 6-8. 1238 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Kookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio:
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night clasa. 424 Pine st.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof . DeFill ppe'sAcademy
of Lar.Kuages,320Post; establd 1871;ablest profs
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkin st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post Et.. near Powell; Telephone Bush 135.
FRED WAMATS. Japanese. Chinese contractor;
emp. office. 544 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks,
dlshwaehers; est. 1890. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEVM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel.Black j>072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. 806^ Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Be<=t help. 411U OT'arrell ?t. : tel. -East 42«.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED by Kastern woman, position as work-
ing housekeeper; city or country; good home
more of an object than wages. Call or ad-
dress all week 514 Pine St., room 7.
LADY with a child 2 years old would like place
in country to do housework: object, home
more than salary. Address 743 Howard st.
HOUSEKEEPER, first-class cook, wants posi-
tion: kind to children; wages moderate. Call
or address 118 Eddy st.
COMPETENT person wants a place as cook;
willing to assist; wages $25. Apply at 508
Franklin St., corner McAllister.
LADT. German teacher. Just from Europe. 6
years' experience In high private school,
wants to instruct pupils at home or to give
private lessonB in all German branches,
Frtnch. English, needlework and gymnastics.
Box 4772, Call office.
A FRENCH lady speaking English having few
spare hours dally, Sunday Included, would
like to give French lessons in reading and
conversations. Call or address Teacher. Gall-
hard Hotel. 507 Pine st.
HEALTHY woman would Ilk* a situation as
wetnurse; baby 2 months old. Call between
9 and 12 a. m. at 8 Tremont ave., between
Ashbury and Clayton sts.
YOUNG lady, experienced In Up reading, wishes
a few deaf pupils; deaf taught to converse
without the tube. Call or address 1610 Scott.
GIRL from the East desires a position as sec-
ond girl or general housework in small fam-
ily; best of reference. Apply 25A Silver st.
GERMAN lady, competent cook, wants steady
place In American family: $30: best of ref-
erences. Box 476S. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to do general house-
work. Call at 613 Bryant st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third ft., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 15c to $1 60 night. II 50 to in
Tveek: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bageage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlwmcnta and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
i EMPLOY3IENT WANTED — HALE.
MAN and wife, both cooks, want work in camp,
boarding house or country hotel; references.
Address with particulars. G. C, 25 San Fer-
nando St.. Pan Jose, Cal.
GEORGE OWEN— Sober. Industrious man, con-
siderable experience fn the grocery business;
no liquor handled; city preferred. 1139 Mar-
ket St.
BUTCHER, young, experienced Grrman, desires
a situation; can cive best of references. 503
Maso.1 st.
YOUNG barkeeper writh references wants posi-
tion; will work for small wages. Address box
47S4. Call office.
EXPERIENCED blacksmith. German, would
like a situation; city or country. Address,
statlnjr wases, box 4776, CaJl office.
WANTED— Situation doing general office work
by a young man 18 years of age: best of
references. Address box 4783, Call office.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a situation in
family not too far away from town; good ref-
erences. Box 4778, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man. strictly trustworthy,
grood references, desires position, as watch-
man or Janitor; 20 years a resident of this
city. Address E. S., 3992 Army st.
COOK wants a situation in hotel, restaurant or
boardinK-house; city or country. Please call
3 Stevenson st.
WANTED— To run a poultry ranch, Incubators
an<l brooders. Address Experience, box 4774,
Call office.
COACHMAN wants employment; pood refer-
ences; thoroughly competent. Address box
S795, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions bas been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at C^U branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 p^r'year.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Juwted.. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. KM Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
IF you want to move »ret printed list flats to 1»»
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NEW flat, tinted, 7 rooms, with running
water. 420 Eddy st.
$18 — FLAT, 4 rooms and bath; north of Market;
healthy place; no children. BASILS, 3 Eddy.
887% HAYES— Flat of 3 rooms; bath and yard;
new plumbing; rent $8.
FLATS JifANTED.
A— NOTICE— Ownen>, attention! We guaran-
te<« to rent rood house* nnd flats In 3 to 15
days. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
*~ FURNlTUItE FOR SALE.'
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for *4S SO, with No
7 rariKe. Kins Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket st. ; telephone South 037. ...
FURNITURE WANTED."™
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1 135 Market Et. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; -tel.Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk t94 ;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot' cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 5353.
HELP \> ANTED— FEMALE.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary si.
-..: HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Fresno, $20, $25; 2 waitresses,
Porterville. $20; waitress. Gait, $20: 2 wait-
resses, Santa Fe, $20; waitress, Stanford,
$20; waitress and chambermaid to wait,
Monterey, $20 each; chambermaid, to wait,
Etna Springs, $25, free fare both ways; res-
taurant waitress; $7 wesk: chambermaid, to
wait, city. $20: mangier. $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
House girl, Oakland, $20, see party here;
house girl, Redwood City. $20; cook, Menlo
Park. $30; cook, city, $30; colored house girl,
¦ city, $20: German housekeeper, San Leandro,
fare paid, and many others. . .
C. R. HANSBN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK to cook for from 4 to 6 men at springs;
see party here at 9 a. m. C R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary »t.
COMPETENT German or Scandinavian girl for
housework; $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. , •
¦WANTED— German housekeeper. $25, see party
to-day; ironer. $30 and found; 8 second girls,
$25, country; 4 second girls, $20. city; Scandi-
navian cook, $30; 5 cooks, plain wash, $25, $30;
German second girl. $25: French nurse. $25;
hotel cook, $30; night cashier. $7 a week;
cleaning woman, institution, $25: restaurant
waitress, $6 a week; 2 Scandinavian house-
girls, $25; pantry girls, $20, $25; nurse and
chambermaid. $20; chambermaid. $15. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St. " - -
HOUSEKEEPER, $30; laundress, institution,
$25; nurse, Oakland, $30; a number of cooks
and second girls; good wages. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— A lady as companion to lady and
assist In light housework; good home, fair
pay for the right party. Call after 2 p. m.
at 116 Taylor st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; small family. 1443 McAllister st.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to assist
with general housework. 24 Sixth st. ¦
EXPERIENCED body Ironer; steady Job.
Mercantile Towel Co., 251 Jessie St., nr. 4th.
GIRL to assist With light housework; small
family adults. E23 McAllister st.
GIRL for general housework; references. 1123
Laguna st. ; call between 9 and 12 a. m.
WOMAN or girl with or without a child for
general housework at 1304 Post^ st. ¦ ¦
WANTED— Girl to run polisher. Standard
Laundry, 114 Hayes st. , I
YOUNG girl wanted. New England Novelty
and Metal Works. 116 Second st. ---
GOOD talloresa on coats. 272 Stevenson at
EXPERIENCED operators wanted on shirts;
a few beginners taught. Apply THE L. EL-
KUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery at.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
32% Fremont St.; no experlencn necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED forelady in overall and shirt
factory; only one having filled such position
need apply between 10 and 11 a. m. SOS Sac-
ramento st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles' waists, skirts,
etc.; take work home. H. FRIEDLANDER,
338 Fell st.
YOUNG girl for general housework In small
family; good home; moderate wages. 3711
Clay St.
SMART girl, willing to learn to be a medium;
willing to travel with a professional man.
Box 4706. Call office.
WANTED— By a wholesale house, a mlddle-
aged, resoonsiblft woman to travel; permanent
position for right party. Box 4731, Call office.
WANTED — Smart girl to work In laundry;
wnges $4 per week. Standard Laundry, 114
Hayes st. '
WANTED — Good finisher on custom pants. 622
Clay st.. room ISA,
A COLORED girl to take care of baby; eleep
home; wages $12. Address 819 Post st
DANCING girls wanted. Comstock Dance Hall.
61S Pacific st.; cpen 7:30 to 12 p. m.
GIRL, German, for general housework; must
sleep home. 1053 Market st., upstairs.
TAILORESS wanted: a girl to work on vests.
517- Jessie St., between Sixth and Seventh.
GIRL to do chamber work; wages $10. 143
East st.
COLORED lady for reception room; one or two
evenings a week. Address box 4730, Call.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady; ladles' and
children's wear. Box 4757, Call office.
WANTED — A waitress at 118 Turk st.
OPERATORS on custom vests; good pay;
Bteady work. 641 Market st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on Irult.
1731 Folsom St., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st. v =¦
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^w^vN^riED7T?rr?TT7rrr?rr7rTr^^
Blacksmith, for Honolulu $4 a day
Carriage painter, same place $3 a day
Teamster, hauling, country $::o
Ranch teamster.... U'u
1 2 Italians for winery }2<S
Foreman for wine cellar, country
Sheep shearer ...lOo and board
Stableman, country $30
Gardener's helper $20 and found
Dishwasher, institution $15 and found
Catholic for infirmary $15 and found
Cook, country hotel.: $40
2 waiters, country {25
2 carmen for mine $2 a day
Man to frame timbers for mine, $2 a day; 10
woodchoppers for Santa Cruz Co., good out-
lay; milker, $30; German cellar man, $12 a
week. W. D. BTW'filt & CO., 610 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... ...104 Geary St.
100 teamsters and laborers for railroad work
in State of Nevada. $2 a day; free fare
Mason foreman, $4 CO a day; 2 stonemasons,
$3 50 a day, for railroad culvert work in Los
Angeles Co.; free fare
10 laborers to work on large dam. long Job.
$2 60 a day, half fare advanced; 6 swampers,
$3S and half fare advanced; 3 stablemen. $25,
$30 and $45; driver for milk wagon, $25; i
R. R. section hands; $1 60 a day
Nurse who can give massage, for as lnstitu-
¦ tlon,' $40 and found; Bhampooer, Turkish
baths, north, $40; 6 hotel waiters, country,
$25 and $30; marker, country laundry, $40: 2
ironers, $12 and $15 a week; hotel runner, $20;
hotel porter. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 G«ary St.
15 CARPENTERS, 20 cabinetmakers. 20 bench
hands. 3 sticker hand!, 2 wood turners, 3
Bash and door men, 4 painters, at MECHAN-
¦ ICS' REGISTRATION BUREAU. 410 Kearny
st. Non-union, mechanics please call and reg-
ister; no office fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — A sober, faithful man with prac-
tical experience in scouring and dry cleaning
of ladles' and gents' clothes. Address at once
HENRY JEANS. 136 East Santa Clara St..
San Jose, Cal.
AN experienced clothing man to take charge
and superintend agencies and salesman on
Pacific Coast for tailoring business; give ex-
perience. ' age, ref. Address box 47S6, Call. :
BRIGHT boy for office - In wholesale house;
I good penman; good references; state wages
expected. Box 478L Call.
FIRST-CLASS watchmaker for city; state ref-
erences; permanent position to good, steady
mechanic. Box 4777. Call. -
STABLEMAN who is well up in care of horsed.
Apply at J. Noonan Furniture Company, 1019
Mission st. . '
BOYS from 14 to 16 years of age In sola leather
room. CAHN, NICKELSBURG & CO., 115-
117 Hayes st. ' - - ;
AN elderly gentleman to act as secretary;
work light; room, board and small compen-
sation. Box 4787, Call office. ,
WANTED— Steady man; light, genteel work;
will pay $1* to $18 per week; nmall capital re-
quired. 1016 Market St., room 10.
COATMAKER, pants and vest maker for coun-
try. Apply REISS BROS.. 25 Sutter Bt.
BRIGHT boy wanted at Busby's glove fac-
tory. 207 Sacramento St. . , -
PRESS boys wanted at can factory. Apply 434
Jackson st. . . . ... .
WANTED— A strong boy for grocery to deliver.
US Seventh gt.
BOY wanted. Mutual Label LItho. Co.. 23
Main st.
SHOEMAKER wanted at 346 Tenth St. ; call
early. ¦ , ¦ ¦
AN experienced milk driver; reference required.
1408 Devlsadero st.
WANTED — A place to stop'for the winter — This
can be found at the Adams House, 619 Sacra-
mento St., near Montgomery; one of the few
repectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCRESRT. Prop. ¦-¦ ;
ALL sizes men's shoes,' slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission at,, bet. 1st and 2d its.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 684S
...Leading Employment' and Labor Agents...
WANT— 7 A. M.— TO-DAY ....
Tool sharpener, see boss here $3 50 day
6 laborers, no experience necessary, mines. .$75
15 2 and 4 horse teamsters. .$27 50 and $34 & fd
89 laborer* and teamsters, city and country..
..; $175 and $2 day
Carpenters Steel bridge men Free ' fare
6 milkers, butter makers and choremen
J30 and $25 and found
18 farm hands and teamsters.... $26 and found
Farmers and wives $35 and $40 andfound
Drillers Stablemen
Lumber pliers, brtcksetters and wheelers
Stenographer and typewriter .••••
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTLL DEPARTMENT ••
16 cooks, city and country $30 to $45 and fd
Butchers $30 and found Steward
Saloon porter, $25 and found; waiters, $25 and
$30 and found; polishers, washers and starch-,
ers for laundries; ranch cooks; kitchen help
and dishwashers. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay at. - '
FARE paid, cook in country J3J
Dishwasher, $20; hotel cook ,,...$6o
Cooks, city $40. $35, $30
2 short-order waiters, ferryboat $30
Vegetable man, $25; baker on bread, $35 & fd
Other restaurant and hotel help wanted. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
COACHMAN. *30 and found; man about place.
$20; Scandinavian or German farmer and
wife. $40; stablemen, $30 and found and $60;
carriage painter, $3 day for Honolulu; blacic-
smith. $4 a day; stlckerman, $3 SO day; wood-
choppera and many others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento Et.
BARBER for Saturday. 89 Third st. '
BARBER for Saturday at 1211 Market St.:
wages.
BARBER for Saturday and. Sunday; wages $5.
61S Broadway.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day; $5. 1405 Polk st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
656 Fourth st. •
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 403%
Sixth st.
GOOD barber Saturday. 1003 Hyde St.
PARTNER for barber shop In country.
STOLTZ'S. 636 Market St.
BARBER shop in mining town; a bargain. In-
quire at DECKELMAX'S. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— Good blacksmith; steady job. Ap-
ply to J. O'SHEA, 17th and Vermont eta.
WAITER wanted; also dishwasher. 2126
O'Farrell st.
BOY to drive butcher cart; from Western^ Ad-
dltion preferred. 1612 Post st.
WANTED— Bootblack for barber shop. 100
O'Farrell st.
SECOND pastry baker; wages $10 per week.
Richelieu Hotel, Van Ness ave., near Geary.
KITCHEN help; sober, reliable, not afra'.d of
work. 448 Third
DISHWASHER wanted. Jefferson Hotel, Har-
bor View; Unlon-st. cars.
GOOD bootblack wanted: good wages. 1201ft
_Polk St., corner of Sutter.
MEN, wanted for the United States Navy-
Machinists, first-class, age 21' to 33, pay per
month. $55: machinists, second class, age -21
to 35, pay per month. $40; electricians, thirl
class, age 21 to 35, pay" per month. $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 33. pay per
month, $25; seamen, ago 21 to 35, pay P« r
month. $24; ordinary seamen, age 18 to 30.
pay per month $19; landsmen, age 18 to 25.
pay per month $16; apprentices, third class,
age 15 to 17. pay per month $3. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing •them to be free from dis-
cuallfying alhnents. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination in electricity, espec-
ially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination in seamanship. Landsmen and
anDrentlces will be required to pass the
physical examination only. The term of en-
listment is for four years. Should a man
re-enllst within a period of four months from
the date of honorable discharge he will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of II 36 for each
re-enlt'trnent. Rations, medicines and medical
attendance are furnished gratis in addltlo.n to
pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on thr»>e-<iuarters of the pay
received Pt date of retirement. It Is the de-
slro of tlie Navy Department to obtain, a
large number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they are
qualified for the higher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for the
navy will make a large increase in the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large Increase in the number
of p»tty officers, who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who* may be ac-
cented will be assigned to a U. S. war ves-
sel: apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion, Ran Francisco, Cal. Applications should
be made at the U. S. Naval Recruiting Ren-
' dezvous. corner of Market and' East streets.
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— By a first-class- barber, a boy of
15 to learn barber trade; splendid chance to
rlffht party. Address for one week, M.
BYRNSE, 1S6 Julian ave.. city.
FIRST-CLASS repairing Jeweler: e»»od wakes
and permanent position to steady man; state
capabilities and references. Address box 477a,
Call office.
GOOD outside hustler: experienced In office and
tyrewritinsr. Call between 8 and 9:30 a. m.,
PERNAU BROS., 543 Clay 8t.
EXPERIENCED cutter for overalls and shirts; |
only experienced need apply; call between 10 I
and 11 a. m. 30S Sacramento at. ;
BOY to help on milk wagon, about 17 years old,
$15 and found. 428 Connecticut St.; Elghth-
st. cars. . ¦
WANTED — 2 sticker hands: 4 bench hands; 1
first-class sash and door man; 2 cabinet
makers. W. J. LITTLE CO., 560 Brannan st.
WE want 10 honest, industrious men \o solicit
In city and county: experience not necessary:
w-e te«ch you the business; good contracts for
pober men willing to. work. White Sewing
Machine Co., 200 Post St., cor. Stockton.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. that old
and reliable firm. SC6 Market Bt.. room 40
Phelan building. Pension vouchers executed.
25 cents. Advice free.
MEN wanted to learn barter trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 160, large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Four rubble stone masons at First
and E.fts.. San Rafael, Marin County. E.
SCHWIESAU-,
BOYS wanted, 16 to 18 years. Pacific Sheet
Metal Works. Pe\-enth and Townsend eta.
WANTED— 4 (rood teamsters; steady Job. Ap-
ply to J. O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont.
BLACKSMITH'S helper. Apply 1522 San Bruno
- Road, near Army st. •
BOY who understands stenography and office
work; give age, wages desired. Box 4721, Call.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 2bo
- to 60c. E62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard 6t. *
EXPERIENCED men to handle the sale of
stock; steady employment. Box 2270. Call.
STOLTZ, barber supplies, removed from 630
Market (basement) to 636 Market St., upstairs.
UNDERPRESSERS wanted on coats, pants
and vests. 541. Market st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
YOUTH to attend store and go on errands;
well recommended. 633 Valencia st.
MEN and women tt> learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard St.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
...years' practice; Examiner building.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 627 Four-
teenth St.. near Guerrero.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms, 15c to 25c night; 75c to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Houae. 44 Third Bt.. nmr Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-room;, free
'bus and baggage to and from th«» ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Flilmore st.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '
"' HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco: can be seen; no operation; no pain: par-
¦ tlcularw pent. Art. Phv»IHan. box ifloO. Call.
HORSES, LIVE: STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 • HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carte, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction pales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— 20 horses weighing from 1100 to 1S0O
pounds; also a mountain wagon for campers.
T.;W.-EMMOK3 CO.. 212 California st.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses • at
TOMKINSON'S Stables. 67 Minna st. be-
tween First and Second.
$45— HORSB. buggy and harness. B. B.
KOONS, 847 and 849 Mission st. .y ; ,.
FRESH cow for sale. 67 Bernal ave. .
HO 'PSESTOLET^
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FURXISHED.
A— FURNISHED house of 7 rooms for sale:
rent of house very cHeap; rooms all full.
Apply 1315 Stockton st.
' . LOST AXD FOITXD.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JULIA M. JENNINGS: No. 2.3-023.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Black Gordon setter pup, male. 10
months old; tip off tail. Return to DOLAN
BROS.. 3313 Mission St.; reward.
LOST— Gentleman's watch. Finder please re-
turn to ar~H. LAWLER. 411 Fifth St.; $20.
LOST— Small black dog, partly sheared; re-
ward. 1249 Clay st. ' •
LOST— Gentleman's watch chaJrm, Knights
Templar Jew^l. Finder please return to J.
H. BRUCE, 401 California St.: reward $10.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
- MASSAGE.
EMILY SEGSWORTH. assistant to Dr. A. B.
Wlllcox. scientific masseuse, room 40. -St.
Ann's building; hours. 9 a. m. to 12:30.
fllEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market— Ladles 1
specialists; 32 years' practice have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladies treated can return
home pame day;. HINDO HERB home cure.
any one can une it; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, W7 Market St.. cor. Sixth;
reliable ladies' specialist; home treatment. $3
safe and sure cure guaranteed; ladles treated
at of floe can return home the same day; pri-
vate home before and during confinement;
best medical care; hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. G. W. CDONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully: treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. 1023% Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007^ Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice: home in confinement; treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free, con-
ndenttal. 942 Post st... bet. Hyde and Larkln.
NG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento St.. corner Keamy.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist; practical physician for 17
years: always successful. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladies' spectal-
lst: home in confinement: safe and reliable:
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
CERT, medical rubber will attend clients at
residence by apptmt. PAULA, box 4779. Call.
DR. "WISE, the ladles' specialist. 111S Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MIXES AXD MIXIXG.
AN opportunity for any one Interested In South
American mining: but small rutlay of capital
required. Box 4765. Call office. .. -
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship .everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St., :
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR SALE. A BARGAIN. '
Or to trade for a good top buggy. 1 good-
appearing, up to date, undercut Columbus
rockaway, with full leather folding top; also
a lady's saddle horse. For particulars apply
northeast corner Twenty-third and Howard
sts.. C. ECKSTEIN, grocer.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 down and $3
per month; write for catalogue and price. '
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
ALMOST new surveyor's level and tripod,
made by Heer & SeHg, Chicago, for $160; will
sell now for $55. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
FINE suit. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine. ]
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, 2-drlH
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont at.
FOR sale cheap— Shelving, showcases, counters
an<l ice chest. 2505 Market st.
SWEET singing canaries for sale, |3 each. 122
Hayes st.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
Plete;: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission St.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood |
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand : moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and made lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLAXEOUS W'AXTS.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
LADIES' and. gents* cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman, 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays test pries for clothing, brlo-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 141.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity; see us"
first: you will bo waited ut>on Quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donoboe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Estates
;;;Undlvided Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. JlcCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cerif; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN &. OLSEN.
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est' rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848 Market
St.; tel Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
¦A— $5CO,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages: notes and col-»
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 1*6 Kearny St., room 9, respectable, private
.place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential
BONELLI. 301 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with-
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 222 Sansome st. t room 2.
MONEY to loan 'on furniture by private Dartv
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1. »* n *'
MOJTBY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confl-
dentlal; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.'
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrot big.
CASH loaned to salaried poople on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture. pianos, without removal: no com-
mlsslon; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or . In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan blgr
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the world^
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
A DE^I E N^^ t ooSVb n u < \ld;n a g m&St ¦ ¦ nc "^~^
FINE '3-pedal upright piano; sacrificed on ac-
, count of BlcknesB,' 807 McAllister at.- '¦
MUSI CAL reSTnUMEN^TS.
DO sot be misled by advertisements that ap-
pear to offer something for nothing: you can
get the best pianos fpr the least money at
MAUVAIS', 789 Markfet st.
BEAUTIFUL Arlington pianos in mahogany^
oak or walnut for $.",00. on payments easy l you
can exchange any piano you buy from u» at
any time for a Decker & Son. MAUVAJ3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
THE MAUVAIS MUSIC CO. carry the cele-
brated Decker & Son, Packard and Arlington;
select from these if you wish a satisfactory
article for your money. Call or address ;;j
Market st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege ot ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every crade to select from;
beautiful new uprights {6 cash. JS per month.
some good pianos for $3, $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., STEIN WAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sta.,
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Th:r-
0 teenth sts.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains in all standard makes from C3
to J2S5.
Agents for the Peerless Heine. Hallett &
Davis, Boston's oldest and meat famous piano,
also Behr Bros, and 10 other rnakas.
Pianos rented; rent allowed on purchase.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 817 Geary st.
A NICE piano for beginners $73
Cne a little better S3
One still better 100
Fine Hallet & Davis 125
Kingsbury. slightly used t wo
Easy payments; Chlckering, Vose. Sterling.
Curta3 and other pianos; sheet music and
everythirs in the music line. BENJ. CUIt-
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest- and largest house
west of Chicago is K.OHLER & CHASERS. 2C
28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instrura?nts of all grades
' and prices; terms easy; prices lo-weat; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
GENTLEMAN going to New York will saeriaa'
large upright piano. 324 Golden Gate ave.
BE in the swim; rent a new piano for f. per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. S»;t Hayes st.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Msrkf!.
AT KEEFFE'S. &3 Market »t.. 4 elegant up-
r'.ghts at your own price. Shonlngar agency.
A BARGAIN: must bo sold; nice upright piano.
SCHM1TZ, IS McAllister St.. aext Hib. Bank.
SOHMER & CO., isyron Mauzy. Gabler. Spei!-
man and other pianos. COS Post st.
SUPERIOR violin*, zithers, old and new. IL
MULT-ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos; $3 payments;
for rent. J2 up. BRUENN. 2CS Post st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over A- others. AT. 3. ALLEN* CO.. 314 Post.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
LARGE elegant store and basement: 333 Valen-
cia St.. -near list; business center: suttabi*
for any business.
PALMISTRY.
'< iT'jEROMeIfOSSEU.i! scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel- Black 5fft.
MME. NEERGAARD has removed to 700 Post;
hours 1 to S eve., and gtmrtay by appointment.
PERSONALS.
ANNIE and LILLIB G.— Come home. Ail will
be well. C E. A. Q.
ANNIE and LILLIE O. — Come to me at cr.ee.
MRS. B., 5TI Fell St.
MME. ADA. wonderful gifted healer, 1104 Mar-
ket, r. 3 & 4. cures spinal trouble, rheumatism,
blindness, insomnia and all nervous diseases.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO., ™ ~
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated; honest work guaranteed:
prices defy competition: fine upholatery;
phone E309; factory. 31S and 320 Eleventh st. ;
first-class cleaning and dyeing. 12S O'Farrell
St.. near Powell, San Francisco.
AT Lederer's all this week, large stock of
hair ornaments at low figures; artistic balr-
dressing only 23c; switches cheap. 123 Stoktn.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 30 to $6 per week;
fre« 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LADIES should uso Mme. Reiner's depilatory;
removes superfluous hair Instantly; no pain.
MME. REINER. 631 Sutter St.. 10 to 4.
SUITS to order on Installments: $15 upward;
fl a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
years* experience. J. V. RAT. 337 Jessie st.
SUITS to order from $15 up on, easy payments.
The Richelieu. 700 Market st, near Geary.
LEDERER'S Quiet onica hair tonio preserves
and beautlfles yonr hair: try It; 35c bottle.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo; a perfect clean-
ser; try It once; 5c pkg. 123 Stockton at.
ALL wishing to Join an amateur dramatic club
call room 23. 1238 Market St.. for particulars.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD geld, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bousht. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
HAIR aulckly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's curling fluid; 23c a bottle; druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; U. at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S, 506 Kearny st.
PHYSICIANS A!CD SCRGEOSS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence"
1021H Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
BARGAIN ." BAEQAIN
HOUSE OF 8 FLATS
$2150 Rents $20 per month
Bay-window house, north slda ot Harrison
at.; lot 25x80.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post rt.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage: new: 8 rooms, bath: lot 50s
100; $3000; terms to suit buyer. 413 Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of tho
3000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE]
list. Mare than all other agents In this city.
N. D. EICKELS. the land agent. I Geary it.
10-ACRE fruit farm, near Haywards; Improve-
ments first-class; price $3000; terms to suit.
Address box 4764. Call office.
CITY property and farms sold or exchanged;
printed lists. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
fofTin vestment. '"' J J "" ' ' ' "'""' "'"'"'""' '"""¦"¦'¦ ¦--'-'-
4 new modern, 6- room cottages; pay 10 per
cent; best location; always rented. Apply to
. A. R. DENKE SR.. 1400 Webster at.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FIVE rooms and bath, handsomely furnished
for housekeeping; rent $35 for permanent par-
ty: finest location. Apply 2101 Central, ave..
Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROO.MS_AXD BOAIID.
FIRST^CLASS~board and suite of roods for
man and wife; private family In Alameda:
Apply boxt 4407. Call of flee.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
-
DERKELEY REAL ESTATE,
B-ROOM cottage; pantry; clcsets; all In good
shape- large lot 60x120; good well, outhouses
and fenced; 1 block from car line; pric* IIOOO; ¦
small payment »4own. balance In monthly ln-
8tallmen RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LTO.V.
Lorln Station, Berkeley.
HOUSE of « rooms, bath and pantry; 5 block3
from station: lot 50x120; fenced; price $1£M;
I1CO cash, balance $15 per month.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
. Lorin Station, Berkeley.
J40O—FINE 3-room cottage In good order; all
fenced;, good well and pump on back porch;
ail sewered; few fruit trees; high basement:
tM cash, balance $10 per month. WV C-
MORAN. '
$2i«)— 8-ROOM 2-story house ami basement. ' all
sewered; let 43x100; on fine corner; 3 blocks
to cars: wiil exchange for a ranch of equal
value near San Francisco. W. C. MORAN.
Lortn Station. Berkeley. .
ALTA PUNTA TRACT— San Pablo ave.. 3
miles north of Berkeley: $150 to $250 per acre;
lots $60 to $150 each; $5 a month: call for
maps. Q. W. HAIQHT. 401 California. St.. 3.F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
13 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, ji per year.I>olly Dillon "Wins 2:12 Trot In Three
RACES AT SAN JOSE.
Straight Heats.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 11.— A cold south wind
made It uncomfortable for tho spectators
at the races at the Fair Grounds to-day.
A free barbecue was served from noon
until 5 o'clock. Summary:
8:12 trot, purse I30O— Dolly Dillon (Saunders)
won In three straight heats, Claudius (Barstow)
second, Osito (Durfee) third. Time. 2:11*.
2:13H. 2:12.
TTiree furlongs, polo ponies — Venus K (Hen
nessey) won. Princess Flavla (Jones) second.
Fusillade (McCarty) third. Xo time.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling-, three-year
o'.ds and upward, purse $200— Grand Sachem
(Thomas) won. Campus (Ross) second. Ring
master (McDonald) third. Time, l:50««.
Six. furlongs, three-year-olds and upward,
purse $160 — Croker (Fauntleroy) won, Romany
(Gaffney) second. The Buffoon- (Burllngame)
third. Time, 1:1&
Five and a half furlon**, three-year-olds and
upward, purse $130 — Mldlove. (McDonald) won.
Stdelonx (McNichoIs) second. Lady Helolse,
(Russell) third. Time. 1:10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
r A Fischer, Cal
E Whlpple. Decoto
f R Alken, Decoto
F E Wright, Sacto
3 V Stuart, Sacto
I J Kemp. Dlst of Col
A B Cook. Chgo
VV A Milton & w, Ariz
Miss I Magnett, Aris
K J Lane. Seattle
H H Blood. Bakersfld
S E Richmond.- Detroit
Mrs F Richmond. De
troit
R J Billion. Cal
W R Moody. Grldley
T Arnett. Cal
0 M Gladwin. Winni
peg
A D Hooper, Glen Fall
VV E Glfford & w. Or
1 H Sherer & w. Cal
M M Harris. Los Ang
Urs T G Walker, Cal
3 A Olshauser & dau,
Los Ang
I Lewis, Shasta
r G Walker & w. Cal
r H Horsnyde. S- Cruz
(V H Price Jr & w,
Oakland
E Crouch & w, Chlco
2 F Storey. Cal
H E Turner. Modesto
G S Meenhart, Cal
A. A Decker, Suisun
TV Flavelle, Phlla
H R Sterne. S Jose
T F Collins, Los Ang
I Anderson. Fresno
S Naher, Fresno
Q S Sprague, S Lake
G McCarran. S Lake
IV R McGlfflck. Cal
M Marks. Orovllle
\l Mlchaelr Woodland
W Brown, Woodland
T Beaton. Portland
" B Etmier. Spokane
T B Garrison, Spokan
Miss Garrison. Spokan
I Collls, St Helena .
T Smith, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
W L Norrls, Sn Mateo
Mrs J P Kelly, N Y
Mrs S E Reamer, Oak
N A Hawkins, Woodld
W A Thurston. USA
A Bolza, San Jose
E Evans. San Jose
W S Stltt, Chicago -
Mrs G Alexander, Eng j
Miss Davis, England - I
R S Maclay. Portland
Mrs A M Bereevin. Cal
J H Rucker, San Jose
N-W Hendryx, Conn
D F Ward & w. Ohio
J G Hof flich. Ohio
E L Freiberg. ¦ Ohio *
W. G Gosslin. Portland
T J Kirk, Sacto •
P Burns. B C
Mrs A E Backerts, Cal
Miss L J Hazzard. Cal
G W Hazzard. Cal
J H Kuhns. N'Mex
J P Smith. Cal
J A Riordan. St Louis
Mrs J L Travis, Mo
F H Short. Fresno
F L Sylvia, Boston
B Becker, Slitter Crk
E W Hale & w, Sacto
F F Chase. , Riverside
H B Chase. Riverside
R W Otter & w, Ky
Mrs Charlesworth, Kng
Miss Charles worth. Ens
TM-ATrp« GREAT HECORD.
Chicago Team.
STANDING OF THE CLUB3.
Waddell Strikes Out Twelve of the
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— "W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....81 £3 .604 Chicago U 73 .485
Plttsbur? ...73 '50 .5*6; St. Louis (3 73 .437
Philadelphia's 64 .633 1 Cincinnati ..63 75 .453
Boston 66 70 .485iNew York.. .59 77 .430
PITTSBURO. Oct. 1L— Waddell made th«
season's record for strike-outs by making
twelve of the Chlcagoa fan tha air. Attendance.
1500. Score:
Clubs— , R. H. E.
Plttsbur? • 2 S 3
Chicago 1 5 J
Batteries — Waddell and Zlmmer; Garrln and
Dcnahue. Umpire— O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 1L— Conn was wild
and his support miserable and Boston won
handily. Attendance. 1000. Score:
Clubs— ¦ R. H. E.
Philadelphia 4 10 6
Boston -.3 13. 1
Batteries— Conn and Douglass: Willis and
Sullivan. Umpire— Hurst.
BROOKLYN. Oct. 1L— New York won to
day's Rame In the second Inning'. Attendance,
1H». Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
New York T » S
Brt#klyn 4 11 2
Batteries— Hawley and Bowermaa; Dona van
and Steelman. Umpire— Snyder.
Stanford Wins.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 11.— The football game
between Stanford University and tho
State Normal School teams to T day was
won by Stanford, the score being 35 to 0.
There was a large attendance.
Athletic Club Incorporates.
Articles of incorporation of the Bay City
Athletic Club were filed yesterday. The
capital stock is $1000, all of which has been
subscribed. The directors are G. J. Gibbs,
George W. Lampman. ZIck ...rams, Jacob
Knoblack and John Davis.
lenge for the America's cup confirms the
statement that the boat will be named the
Shamrock and will be selected by a series
of contests between the yacht Watson la
designing and the old Shamrock, after
the latter has undergone the improve
ments proposed by Fife.
Both yachts will be kept fully manned
by Sir Thomas Llpton and may cross the
water together. The challenger will be
commanded by a well-known amateur
yachtsman whose name Sir Thomas does
not wish to divulge at present.
None of the old Shamrock's former
captains will be* employed In the coming
races.
GLASGOW, Oct. 1L — It can be said that
the- design of George L. Watson for Sir
Thomas Llpton's America's cup challen
ger, while embodying several novelties,
follows more closely the lines of the
American yachts than any previous cup
challenger. : •
Designs of Builder Watson to Be
Different From Any He Has
Heretofore Planned.
LONDON, Oct. 11.— Further Information
regarding Sir Thomas Llpton's new chal-
MPTON'S NEW BOAT TO
APPROACH AMERICAN LMNES
CHICAGO. Oct. 11.— Roland Reed. th« actor.
It was stated to-day, has canceled hi* St.
Louis engagement and will return to New
York to put himself under a physician's care.
It la believed that a two weeks* rest will re
sult most beneficially to him.
at Lexington. - ; . ';
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. ll.-When the
bell rant for the first heat in the 2:10
trot to-day the weather was raw and
chilly, but the wind gradually died away
and the afternoon was comparatively
pleasant.
There were eight starters in the 2:10
trot, with York Boy favorite. He won In
straight heats after losing the first two
to the California mare Neeretta, who gave
him a close race in the third.
The Tennessee colt,' Empire Wllkes, was
favorite for the Lexington for two-year
old trotters, but finished third. Erirange,
a filly from the Bitter Root farm, was
the winner in straight heats over w. J.
Young's colt Melton, who finished sec
ond each time.
Jay McGregory, who was well thought
of in the books before the race, acted
badly and got only fourth money. Sum
mary:
The West stake. 2:»9 class, trotting, purse
$2000— Contralto won three straight heats In
2:\2%. 2:UM. 2:12^4. Ebba. I,ita W, Single K.
Gracie Onward, Dtllonlte, Fanny Rlley and
Queen Eleanor also started.
2:10 trot, purse' $1500— York Boy won the third,
fourth and fifth heats in 2:10>.J. 8:12, 2:09»4.
Neretta won the first and second heats In 2:11'4,
2:11. Onward Silver. Lamp Girl. Green Brlno,
Georgeanna, May Olcott and Edwin B also
started.
The Lexington, $2000.' for two-year-old trot
ters—Erirange won two straight heats In l:ZPA.
2:21. Melton, Bessie Brown, Jay McGregor and
Empire "Willces also started. ,
Takes the 2:1O Trot From Neeretta
YORK BOY WOTS.
Captures the Heath Stakes Handicap
Across the Water.
LONDON, Oct. 1L— At the third day's
racing of the Newmarket second October
meeting to-day, the Lowther stakes of
twenty sovereigns each for starters only,
with 500 sovereigns added, was won by
Lord William Beresford's Jolly Tar, rid
den by Johnny Reiff.
The Heath stakes, handicap, with 200
sovereigns added, was won by Corrigan's
Rose Tree, guided by C. Jenkins. C. Cot
trell's Sheet Anchor, with Tod Sloan up,
came in second, and Golden Rule was
third, with Danny Maher in the saddle.
The Ditch Mile Nursery handicap, of
200 sovereigns added to a sweepstakes of
five sovereigns each for starters, was won
by the Prince of Wales' Lord Quex, on
which Sloan had the mount.
1 Renewal of the Bretby stakes at six
furlongs was won by Princess Melton,
Sloan having the mount.
The Prendergast stakes of fifty sover
eigns each, with 200 sovereigns added,
was won by P. Lorillard's Exedo, with
Maher in the saddle. Second place was
captured by Sir E. Cassel's San Bleu,
Lester Reiff having the mount. Lord
William Beresford's Chestnut colt Choc
taw, ridden by J. Reiff, ran third.
The Welter selling stakes wa3 won by
Impious. Sloan having the mount again,
making his third win for the day.
The Challenge stakes was won by Sir
E. Cassel's. Sonatura, also ridden by C.
Jenkins, beating Richard Croker's Ameri
cus. with L. Reiff in the saddle. The
American Jockeys thus won every race.
C0RBIGA1TS HORSE WINS.
One mile and a sixteenth— Chopin won, Me-
Grathlana Prince second, Topgallant third.
Time. 1:43.
Five furlongs— Competitor won. Maggie W
second. Benckart third. Time, l:02H-
Five .and a half furlongs — Fulminate won.
Golden Rod second, Prince Zeno third. Time,
1:03.
One mile— Earl Fonso won, L W second. Chin
Cotton third. Time. 1:41V4-
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— May Beach, favor
ite In the thlrd'at Harlem to-day and who
has, been looked upon as one of the best
sprinters in the West, went down to Igno
minious defeat and finished absolutely
last in a field of seven starters. The Rush
took the lead at the start and was never
headed. Weather clear; track fast. Re
sults:
One mile — Locust Blossom won, Depending
second, Chauncey Fisher third. Time, 1:42.
Seven furlongs— Albion won, Harry second.
Birdie D third. Time. 1:27 4-5. .
Six furlongs— The Rush won, Headwater sec
ond. The Lady In Blue third. Time, 1:13 3-5.
One mile and a sixteenth — Found won. The
Unknown second, Florirar third. Time, 1:46 2-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Portwlne won, Hylo
second, Bowen third. Time, 1:07 2-5.
One mile and fifty yards, celling— Sir King
ston won, Varnetta second. Brownie Anderson
third. Time. 1:44.
NEW YORK, Oct. ll.-The Westchester
lightweight handicap was the feature of
a good day's racing at Morris Park to
day. - Alard Scheck, the Western two
year-old, won It in commanding style,
giving weight to a lot of good sprinters
of the older division. A big crowd was
on hand, attracted by the clear weather i
and good card. Eight horses faced the J
starter in the chief race of the day, and
Meehanus closed favorite at 3 to I, with
Alard Scheck, Musette and Belle of Lex
ington about equal second choices. There
was a tiresome delay at the post, but
they were finally sent off in fair order.
Shaw rushed Musette out to make the
running; and she led by three lengths
around the far turn and into the stretch,
with Meehanus and Belle of Lexington
next, i The fast pace told on all three and j
they were passed in the stretch by the
rear division. Alard Sheck coming through
with a great burst of speed and winning
cleverly by a length from Rush, with old
Klnniklnnic third.
In the first race Unmasked came down
the last five and a half furlongs of the
Eclipse coarse in l:03V4 within a half sec
ond of the world's record for the distance.
Unfortunately he nearly touted Silver
dale a sixteenth from home, which re
sulted in his disqualification, giving the
race to Lady Uncas, who was beaten only
by a neck. Henry was fined $50 for his
rough riding. s tl
Snark won the second race easily at
good odds, and Greenock took the New
Rochelle selling race. It was only a three
horse affair, but they finished heads apart,
amid great enthusiasm.
Carbuncle galloped home in the fifth,
and Belgrade, the rank outsider, took the
last cleverly. Summary:
Five and a half furlongs— Unmasked won.
Lady Uncas second. Sllverdale third. Time,
l:03i*. Unmasked was disqualified toe fouling
and the officials placed the horses: Lady Un
cas first Sllverdale second. Firearm third.
Five and a half furlongs— Snark won, Ani
mosity second, Annie Thompson third. Time,
1:05.
New Rochelle. one mile, selling— Greenock
won, King Barleycorn second, Oread third.
Time. 1M3V5.
Westchester high weight handicap, six and
a half furlongs— Alard Scheck won. Rush sec
ond. Klnniklnnic third. Time. 1:22.
One mile, selling— Carbuncle won. Armor sec
ond. Rlnaldo third. Time, l:43y.
One mile and an eighth— Belgrade won, Com
pensation second. Hammock third. Time,
- 1:56V4-
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 11.— Track fast. Re
sults:
Selling, five furlongs— Sarner won. Miss Go
liBhtly second, Elsie Del third. Time, 1:02.
Selling, five and a half furlongs — Four Lead
C won. Emile Zola second. Sir Gatlan third.
Time, 1:0:«a.
Seven furlongs— Tlldy Ann won, Douster
¦wtvel second. Innuendo third. Time, 1:23V£.
Selling, six furlongs — Theory won, Elsie
Barnes second, Maydlne third. Time, 1:13%.
Selling, one mile, two-year-olds— Isobel won,
Varro second, Poyntz third. Time, 1:42^-
Selling, one mile and three-sixteenths— Vlrgle
i> won. Imp. Klmmage second. Jimp third.
Time. 2:02Hs.
BUFFALO, Oct. 11.— Results:
Six and a half furlongs— Saguenay won, Hie
away second, Fallela third. Time, 1:22.
five furlonzs — Sarah Galnes won. Lizzie A
to 1, Is Killed Off by a Too
Hot Pace.
Meehanus, Closing Favorite at 3
In Fine Style Captures the
Westchester Highweight
Handicap.
ALARD SCHECK
IS THE WINNER
It seems preposterous to think that the
managers of a fair or horse 6how could
ever again hope to induce breeders or
horsemen to make entries in a show
of this sort. There i3 always an element
of danger involved shipping a valuable
horse or animal of any kind about the
country, and in all Justice the least that
could have been done was to have re
turned the entrance money. When an
entry was made in any particular class it
was done In good faith and the entrance
fee paid without complaint. If the fair
was a frost due to the incompetency of
others exhibitors should not be held re
sponsible, but ought to receive the prizes
advertised, else they should have their
entrance money returned to them. Only
a master of the art of necromancy and
mind-readtntr could have foretold tha
classes in which there would be no com
petition.
Although the fair of the San Francisco
and San Mateo Agricultural Association
recently held at Tanforan Park is a thing
of the past, for this season at any rate,
discordant melodies from unhappy ex
hibitors still permeate ' the atmosphere.
Not the least prominent feature of the ill
starred venture was the bench show, and
intermittent and unearthly howls still
emanate from the kennels, while the
owners of prize canines are beginnine to
fret .and perspire, lest they forever be
held in abeyance.
While only sympathy is extended 'to the
directors of the unfortunate lizzie, who
were forced to stand an assessment of $4
a share, exceratlons a hundred fathoms
deep are the portion of Promoter Edwin
F. Smith. The harness-horse men were
Indignant at the sport being postponed
with the best two days to come and big
crowds assured, and they, too, are en
titled to sympathy. Mr. Smith is said to
have remarked that "not if a big red appla
on the end of a fishing pole and 510,000 in
coin were handed to him" would he -pass
through the ordeal again, and not a dis
senting voice from among his listeners.
According to the conditions, all cash
prizes, bouquets and ribbons awarded by
the Judge of the bench show were to be
distributed the last night of the affair.
Owing to tho empty condition of the
treasury, owners of dogs were asked to
be patient and wait until Saturday. Octo
ber 6. During the Interim each owner of
a prize winner received a postal card
asking which was preferable— the coin or
a medal. For three days Mr. Smith's
mail consisted almost entirely of postal
cards with the word "dough" written
thereon. Not even the magnificence of
"White Hat" McCarty's Dexter Prince
medal tempted them. Then the "dos
folks" were asked to wait again — this
time until Saturday, October 13. They
are still waiting and it is said another
postponement will be tha occasion for
some "large doings."
The exhibitors of fancy cattle and
blooded horses think they were duped,
and perhaps not without reason. One
owner of a spanking pair of. roadsters
paid $3 to enter his team in a class for
which there happened to be no other en
try. According to the rules published in
one edition of the official catalogue, there
being no competition he was entitled to a
blue ribbon only, the money prize being
withheld. "Talk about trusts," said the
disgruntled horseman. "Wait until the
next horse show comes along, and I'll
have a corner on blue ribbons. A giant
"kick" was also recorded by a breeder
from up country. Entering a magnificent
specimen, of the thoroughbred in one of
the classes for competition, the other en
tries failed to materialize, leaving him In
the "no competition predicament" also,
and the recipient of a third of a yard
of blue ribbon.
Anxious and Weary O-wnera of Prize-
Winning Canines Still Wait
ing—Horsemen Not Done
Kicking.
Echoes of Tanforan Fair
Will Apparently Never
Die Out.
STILL GRILLING
PROMOTER SMITH
At the time of his disappearance "Waite
had been agent of Uie express company
at Ravenna for three- months. He fig
ured that the receipts of the company
for two days would afford him ample
funds for his "eood time." The value of
the property that came to tho oKlce of
the express company during those two
days amounted to about $500. In addition
to this there was a package of uncut cur
rency, en route from the treasury to the
Second National Bank of Ravenna, which
he appropriated. Still there was t> not
enough to afford him a "good time." A
book of blank money orders on the ex
press company was his next piece of loot,
and this, with all the cash taken In dur
ing the two days, he considered enough.
He came to California for his "good
time." After getting rid of the cash
and property, he proceeded to ¦work off
the money orders. Four of the blanks he
filled out for J30 each and succeeded In
cashing them under the name of Frank
C. 'Gillman. Using various names fnr
that of the cashier of the Second National
Bank, he next cut and floated the. uncut
currency. ' v ._ ; ,
The American Bankers' Association had
been informed of this disappearance ana
placed the case in the hands of the
Plnkertons. C. E. Vannatta. superintend
ent of the Pinkerton jgency in this city,
located the young man at Lower Lake
and arrested him there Wednesday night.
TValte confessed his crime and told
Vannatta that he only wanted to have a
good time. He said he had had It and
then went on a hunting trip. There wa<*
nothing left of the stolen money or prop
erty at tho time of his arrest.
"I wanted to hare a grood time." la all
that Bert Waite. the- eighteen-year-old
agent of the United States Express Com
pany of Ra\*enr.a, Ohio, who disappeared
last August with two daya' receipts
of the company, has to- say In explana
tion. He was traced to Lower Lake.
Lake County, and was arrested there by
a Plnkerton detective.
Came to California After Bobbing
His Employers at Bavenna,
Ohio, and When Arrested
Had No Funds Left.
Thieving Cashier of Express
Company Is Arrested at
Lower Lake.
WHITE SPENDS
STOLEN CASH
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; OCTOBER 12, 1900.
11
OCEAN XSAVXL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
-. Steamers leave Broadway
¦ wharf, San Francisco: \
ujfc^: For Alaskan I'orts— 11 a. ra..
*ef2*gb. Oct. 13. 15. 23. 28. Nov. !.
ByffrTflttw. Change to company's steam-
Kv BmVm ers at Seattle.
P*^a5£i» \SAl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
KflEgMZ!f<Cal C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
Taecma. Ewrett. Ar.p.cortea
an( * w Whatccra (Wash.)—
/ 11 a . m.. Oct. 13. 13. 23. IS.
Nov. 2. and every fifth day thereafter. Chang*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacocia
to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Huniboldt , Bay— J p. m.. Oct.
15. 20. 23. 30. Nov. 4. and *very fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Lais Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redcndo (LO9 Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. Oct. 12. 16. K>. !4. 23. Nov. i. and «very
fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
co». Port Harfora (Pan Luis Oblspo). Oarlota,
Eanta Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. Oct. 14, 18. 22. 20. SO. Nov S. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Joao del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. ra. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chang»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without rrevloua notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
¦treet tPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St., San Fraaclsco.
THEO.H. &N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FO RTLAN D
From Srear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
ciQC SI2 First Class. Including Berth
I ft n S- $8 Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails - Oct. 13. 13. S<vr. t
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Oct. K>. 10
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
«30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
ccr.necting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on flay
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU „
Wednesday. October 17. 1300
SS. HONGKONG MARU rt
Tuesday, November 13. 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. December 6. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HW TOaX. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PASII.
Stopping at Cnerboun?, westbound.
From New Tor* Every Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
St. Paul Oct. l7,St. Paul Nor. T
St Louis .....Oct. 24, St. Louis Nov. 14
New York Oct. 31 New York Nov. 1?
RED STAR LINE.
Now York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland Oct. 171 Frlesland -Nov. ?
Kensington Oct. !4 Southwark Nov. 14
Noordland Oct. 31' Nov. 17
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of its asents.
30XPAQXI5 GENERALS TSAS3ATLANTI1JUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. rfitoi
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, from November J. 1S99. at 7Pwwn»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA LORRAINE. Oct. IS; LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. K; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
1; L'AQUITAINE. Nov. 8.vFlrst class to Havrw.
$35 and u?w.ird. Second class to Havre. $42 SO
and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATE3 and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S. 9. CO.-^>NOTUT.U, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
SS. QUEEN (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. October 17. J r. m.
SS. ALAMEDA to New Zealand and Aus-
tralia Wednesday. October SI. $ p*. ra.
ES. AUSTRALIA to Tahiti
• Thursday. November 1. * b. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS k BROS. CO.. Aqts.. 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Pace. 327 Market St
BAT. AND B1VKK STEAKtEBS.
R1R U.S. NAVY-YARD and VALLEJO
Steamer " Montlcello."
MON.. Tuea.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:9
a. m. S:13, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. mint); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 19:30 a. m.. I
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE Mo
\*y^ "^Rk 1^. Gibbon's Dispensary,"
ML^f^i {**-•"> KEAKXY ST. Kitaottshad
GrtfwR •" I*** to' the treatment of Private
Wa l9^MSi Diseases, Lost Manhood D-blllty or
wUlmmS&8\m dlaeaae**— rlngon body and mind and
«kln Diseases. The doctorenreswben
i?tS3aB^3 otbpr3falL Try hlna. Ch*rg9» low.
dtsSHBuulCnrrafaariint**.*. Callorwrlt*
Dr. J. *'. WXBBOJU Box I937,3*a Fr*aci«^
JiOO.
City and County of 9an Francisco to Charles,
George A.. George HNaad Mortimer A. John-
son. M. Ida Burnet. Edward H. Marthis, Eml-
Ile H. and Edward H. Horton. Fanny F. Vo-
gelsang (Johnson, wife of Alexander T.), Sarah
E. and Frederick S. Johnson, Minnie Brown
(Horton. wife of M. M.), and Matle Andrew
(Horton. wife of Adam), lot on SW corner of
California street and Van Ness avenue, S 60
by W 134; J— .
H. W. Bradley to David Abrams, lot on S
lino of Eddy street, 110 W of Franklin. W 27:6
by S 120; $10.
Alfred Jr. and Ada B. Clarke to William A.
Hewitt Jr.. lot on SE corner of Washington
and Lyon streets. E 31:3 by S 100 :4H: $10.
Mary A. and Eugene N. Fritz to Margaret
W. Griffith (wire of William G.), lot on S line
of Frederick street, 100 E of Ashbury, E 26:3
by S 100; $10.-
Securlty Loan Association to John Erlenwein.
lot on W line of Hartford street, 148:6 N of
Twentieth, N 22 by W 125; $1500.
Georgiana Scott (wife of Albert W. and
Frances C Louderback (wife of Davis) to F.
H. Davis, lot on SE line of Harrison street, 30
NE of Beale, NE 30 by EE 80; $10.
Potrero Land Improvement Company to Jo-
hanna Hennebery, lot on-E line of Minnesota
street, 291:6 N of Twenty-second (Sierra), N 25
by E 100; grant. .
Sarah E. Watson to Hannah Manes (wife of
John), lots 166 and 1E6, gift map 3; $10.
Plena Kafka to Simon Kafka, lots 338 and 340,
gift map 2, commencing at NE corner of
Wayne and Jefferson streets: $10.
Simon Kafka to Honora Moran. lot 3S8, gift
map 2; $175.
Edward P. and ' Rowena' Heald to T. : B.
Toakum. lot on SE line of Madrid street. 188
SW of Silver avenue. SE 100 by SW 75, block
3J Excelsior Homestead: $10. *
Patrick and Julia Mitchell to Calvin S. Kelly,
lot" on- SW corner of Wayland and" Gambler
streets. W 240 by B 100, block 166. University
Extension: $10. • '
John Behr to Emma Behr. lot on SW line of
Thirty-fourth avenue, 124 SE of K street. SB
40:11, 8 103:9%. NW 63:1_4. NE 100. block 60,
Paul Tract: gift.
Frederic E.. Belle M. and Walter Magee to
Lucius K. Wilmerdlng and Henry .TV. Payne,
undivided half Interest In the following: Lots
6 to 8. block A, lot 21, block E. lots 3 to 6 and
20. block F, lots 5 to 8, 18 to 21. block G. French
6 Oilman Tract; also undivided two-thirds in-
trrest In lots 8 to 10, 26 to 39, block D, lots
7 to 11. block E. same; $10. '
Lucius K. Wilmerdlng and Henry W. Payne
to Frederic E. and Walter ¦ Magee/ undivided
S2:64, S S7:4} 4 : J534.
Samuel W. Cowles to John McCann. lot on E
line of Douglass street. 145 N of Nineteenth.
N T5 by E 125, quitclaim deed; *5.
r Man* Arata to Francesco Arata, lot on N
line of Pacific street. 162:1% W of San?ome, W
40:4Vi. N »7:6. E 65. S 40, \V 24:7^. S 57:6; also
lot on N line of Tactile street, 137:6 E of Mont-
gomery, E 52:6 by N 137:6: gift.
Edward J. Holt tc. Emma Benke, lot on N
line cf Lombard street. 225 \V of Kearny. W
SO by N 137:6; $10.
Potrero Nuevo Land Company to John H.
Crad}-, lot on SW corner of Mason and Bay
1 streets, W 2211 by S 60. quitclaim deed; $250.
i John H. and Ellen 0. Grady to Antonlno
j^Busalacchl. same; $10.
! William S. Phelpa to Jane Phelps. lot on W
j line of Jones street, 90 S of Pacific, S 40:SV6 by
I AV 137:6; girt.
i James L. and Louise Holland to Charles
Severeen, lot on NE corner of De Haro and
Twenty-third (Nevada) streets, S 2S by E 100;
tio.
I Georgre F. Lyon to George TV. Harlow. lot on
NW corner of Twenty-fifth (Tolo) and Mississ-
ippi streets, W 50 by N 100; $10.
TriumDh Loan Association to Isldor E. and
i Rose Green, lot on N line of Clement street.
I 82:6 E of Second avenue. E 25 by N 100; »19.
I Julia A. Hobbofe (by "William Rtgby Jr.,
I commissioner) to E. Martin & Co. (a corpora-
tion), lot on E line of Seventeenth avenue. 275
! S of J street. S 25 by E 120; also lot on E line
: of Seventeenth avenue, 100 S of J street, S 23
i by E 120: $51S. *
! Cella Marks to F. E. Hesthal, lot on NW
i line of Mission street, 818:6 NE of Twenty-
! ninth. NE 33 by NW 100; also commencing: at
corner lots 13. 14. 23 and £4. Garden Lanl Horn*.
J stead Association. NW 4:6, S to point. NE
i G :."\ to beginning: fio.
I Johan B and Ellen P. Relte to Thomas and
Marie Thorgersen, lot on S line of Powhattan
street. 88:8 W of Peralta avenue, • W 28:8 by S
95: *10.
Estate of James G. Fair fby J. S. Angus. T.
G. Crothers and W. S. Goodfellow, executors)
to Mary Sullivan, lot on E line of Elsie street,
250 S of Cortland avenue, S 25 by E 12S:9. lot
I 8. block 5. Fair's subdivision Holly Park
Tract; J10.
Mary and Timothy Sullivan to William P.
and Mary Ahem, same; $10.
Thomas H. Dowllng to Augusta K. Glbbs.
lot on N line of Jackson street, 102:6 E of
Scott, E 35 by N 127:S«i; JIO.
J. G. W. and Mtnna Schulte to James H.
Campbell, lot on N line of Haight street, 133:7^
W of Pierce. W 25 by N 110; $10.
James. Ermina A. and Precella B. Davidson
to Thomas Lundy, lot on W line of Stanyon
street, 50 N of Carl, N 25 by W 107:6; J10.
Joseph Muller to Margaretha Muller, lot on
S line of Geary street, 308 W of Stelner, W 22
by S $2:6 (Hamilton Square); gift.
Diedrich and Metha Kuhlmann to Mary J.
Wyhs, lot on SE line of Harrison street. 30
NE of Dore. NE 30 by SE 70; J10.
Jefferson G. and Jennie L. James to James
T. and Anna F. McCarthy, lot on E line ot
Guerrero street. 172:6 N of Nineteenth, N 23
by E 103; 110. » -
James A. and Maud S. Parsons to George
M. Bernard, lot on N line of Hill street, 2iO
W of Valencia, "W SO by N 114; $1000.
John H-, Samuel W. and Lottie L. Still to
John and Bridget Duffy, lot on S line of Twen-
ty-fourth street. 25 W of Vicksburg..W 25 by
B 102:8; $10.
H. W. and Helene M. D. Tnyarks to Marten
B. Jooet, Jot on SE corner of Seventeenth atreet
and Clara avenue. E 91. S 40. SW 105, N 98; $10.
John A. and Veronica Miller to same, lot on
SW corner of Seventeenth and Douglass streets,
W 45. 8 40. SW 105. S 12. E 136. N 110; $10.
Patrick Cronln to Patrick and Mary Cronin,
lot on 8 line of Elizabeth street, 130 E of Hoff-
man (Ellen), E 25 by S 114; $10.
Edward Duffy (by Murray F. Vandal], com.
missloner,) to G. Cuneo, lot on SE corner of
Sansome and Vallejo streets, S SO by E 26:6;
$4000.
John D. Thompson (b- Alexander Boyd and
E. B. Map tick, trustees.) to Leopold B. and
David Hirach, lot on E line of tStockton street,
63 N of Broadway, N 40 by E 69;. $20,500.
Timothy J. and Johanna King to Hugh and
Bridget Boylan, lot on SW line of Langton
street, 125 SE of Folsom. SE 25 by SW SO; J10.
Anna E. Mclntyro (Patridge) to Nellie Corbly
(wife of Charles E. Corbly), lot on SE corner
of Twenty-eighth avenue and A street, E "a
by S 125S $10-
Jane C. M. Clayton {Armstrong) and John
A. Clayton (by M. A. Brown, trustee.) to P.
Bertolone. 1722 d S28, lot on NW line of Cha-
pultepec street, Cl:4 SW of Henrietta, SW 25:8
by NW 70. lot 198, Cobb Tract, trustee's deed.
Esther Green (wife of William) and Theresa
(or Theres) Talk to Marks Lewis, lot on N line
of Golden Gate avenue. 220 W of Franklin. W
27:6 'by N 12>>: *10.
Harry M. Sherman to Lu61a H. K. Sherman,
lot on S line of Jackson street. 127:6 E of Bu-
chanan. E 37:6 by S 127:8Vi; gift.
Jeremiah K. Shuey to Alice M. Martin (wife
of J. B.). lot on 8 line of "Page street. 200 W
of Lyon. W 25 by S 137:6; »10.
Richard L. and Annie Ingham to George E.
and Lizzie J. Hunt, lot on N line of Twenty-
second street. 5u:10 W of Church, \V 60:11 by
N Hi; 110.
¦%nine C. Rtnes fby H. S. Martin, late Sheriff)
to^Tohn H. Brunlngs, lot on N line of Sixteenth
street. IS*) W of Sanchez, \V-.50:3, N 36. XE
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CJFFiCE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house of 8 large
rooms and fceth; sanitary plumbing; lot Mr
I*".'; central location. Art>ly SM ISth tl.. Oakld.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GO^'P houses. C*t ll*t frcra GEO > \\\ AUS-
TIN & CO.. 10"£ Droadway. Oakland.
OAKUID KlItMTl-RE FOR SAME, j
_^_ _ u -^- J^^ J - IJ - lf - u *p~ j
AN Introduction to you from H. Bchellhaa* the !
funutur* -i.uJrr. 11th aad Franklin. Oakland, i
ROOMS FOIl^ HOrsE!vEEl*I.\G. !
F1LIJ4ORE. 1207. near Clay— S sunny~furnlshed
n.vros; bath; housekeeping.
HOWARD. lC55n— 2 sunny furnished house-
Jteerlng jooms^also others; r.o children.
OFAURKLL. KH-Parlor floor, with kit^henC
! tS; ntUM. 118 and $J0; also single. $7 up.
POWEU4. H-: 1-: or 3 large sunny rooms, con-
r»<ted. lor housekeeping; also single rocms.
SIXTH. 2404- Bay- window euite; lipht house-
keeping; running water; reasonable.
fciOCKTON. CCS— Nice eunny furnished rooms, t
fir.ple cr en suite; also housekeeping rovtns; !
rent reasonable.
TVRK. 1^6 — Two furnished sunny housekeeping i
rooms; running water.; closet; no children.
CLASSIFIED advert'.remer.ts and subscriptions '
received at Call branch office. TX0 Fillman st. i
A BHANCII offiw for Call advertisements and i
eutscriptions has been established at 1-.'S6 j
Valencia st. • . |
' I
ROOMS TO LET Kara, and Cnfnrn. |
*.— bruxstvick IToim, III milli TTnuns Thi !
to tl per r.ieht; $1 ?$ to ti p«r week, and llsht ;
bOBMJEetglng; cnea all nicht. j
A.CSTDS ave.. lOS. off Polk -Furnished and ;
unfurnished rooiy.s. and housekeeping.
BURNETT. ICC Market (old No. 13«l)-Fur-
nishefl rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
1*1- E H. 3~*~~"F*imi!»!ied sunr^y rooms, suits or !
•ingle, 15c per r.'.sl.t ur; transient.
BUSH. E2I (The Elk>-CharEed hands; newly |
rt-novated, nicely furn. sunny nr.s.. $1 50 to $7 t
week; T5c to $1 £0 night. MRS. P. RANFT. j
Ca^AT, 1C09 — Xtce sunny furnished room; use of !
bcth and telephone; J13.
CLAY. 1£»-Nieely furnished rms. cheap, with !
or without kitchen privileges. Inq. UIS Polk.
GEART, 405 <The Navarre) — Elegantly furnished j
rms.; suites or cir.gle; travelers accommodatd.
GEARY. ~4— Larse well furnished nunny eulte, |
with use of bathroom. In quiet private family. ¦
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh !
and Mitten sts.— i^unr.y rooms, en suite or I
elKgle; ladies' parlor; reading-room: elevator, j
JONES, EU. near IZUir — Nice sunny bay-window f
room, also parlor; reasonable.
LAS PALMAsTistO Market «.— Suite of ! cr 1 !
rms.: r'; v »t« > ; bath: sin. rms.; board optional, j
NEW ARLINGTON. ICVi . Market St.— Nicely j
furnished room* tZ a week up; Sic a. day up.
NORWOOD. CU Taylor-rurnished sunny !
Btdtea; also single rr>cms: terms reasonable.
OCTAVI.i, 2cl» — Two large sunny rooms; use I
cf kitchen; bath; gas.
O'FaPvRELL. rv-Sunny furnished rooms and ',
offices; rlevctor; el?ctric lights; day, wlc., mo. j
POt?T. flT^j — 7*wo pleasant sunny rooms for i
Usttt housekeerins; rent tlO.
Tin^nPALn House. ::? and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms. !
nisfct Zic to JL wtrk $1 25 to $4; open night. ;
HOYAL House. 1^ E»!is st.— Incandescent lUrht: !
readimc-rocjn. exokinr-room and ladies' par- :
lor; rooms, per r.ipht. ZZc to Jl U>; week. 12 to
P; month, t* to $80; elevator on pround floor; ;
ro^ms with hot and cold water; baths.
FHKi^iTAN Apartment House, rs Eighth st I
near Market — K"urnis»;ed or unfurnished.
f HOTWELL, <C.3-Ose large sunny room, with '
bc.ird; Uie cf bath; reasonable.
?IXTH. IT! flmnij furnished roonu for llsht !
hr-Uf-kej-ping; al«o other roonu.
A DRANCH cfr>e for CaJl advertisement* and |
nbacrfpticea hae been established at 103S Va- •
lenHa st.
CLASSIFIED aiivortisfments an* rubscrlrtlons !
rwr-.vei at «>.;] branch efflce. KOO Fillmcre st. '
ROOMS AND nOAKD.
Fin>T-CI.AFS modern family hotel; very sunny <
r '™: fi "g tsbl». wa California Bt.
R^ARD and rooms at 415 First et.. near liar- 1
ri**""n.
__— — —^— — ¦— — — _ _^^__ i
ROOMS AXD HO A II I) WANTED.
F.OOM ar.d board for mother and care for
chi!<l: Ftate terms. Bex A'ZX. Ca.ll office-
SPECIAL SOTICES.
F.AP tenants ejected for 54; foIlectirnTmadel
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO
4:5 Montgomery St.. rooms S-10; teL 55S0.
noOMP papered from J2 E»: ¦whitened. J! up;
raintlrg d--,r.e. Harttr.an Paint Co.. 219 Third.
SEWING MACHINES- AXD STPPLIKS.
ALL kinds bought. Fold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing- lowest rates; open even. 2G5 Fourth.
FsOt'OHT. snld. rer.tM. repaired; ne*<Ues and
fchuules ; reduced rate«. 145 Cth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds l^tyrtit. Fold and repairing Buaran-
tef.}. Qarl^s PiaribfyK. 1913 Mission, nr. '5th.
STORAGE AND WAItEHOCSES.
BEKTNS Ven and Storage Co.. 721 Mlssion~"st-;
tel. Main IMu; «>hipping at cut rates.
tVIUSOK I5ROS.. Ftorige and moving; covered
var.y. Tenth and Slarkot: phone South 762.
y-A<1Y~lC Btorare and Furniture Moving Com-
r>ary. *::'O Fillmore «t.; phone Jackson 3sL
SLOT MAC Ely ES.
HOfOHT «nd s-M<l; new ar.1 second-hand; large
dlypla? : very cheap. 527 Market, room 220.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
OP.KAT BARGAINS IN "TTPEWRrTERS-^We
Fell better machines for Iryg money than any
house Jr. the city; rentals, S3. The Typewriter
Exchange. ."..*C California: telephone Main 2(W.
ALW'ATS bargains In type writers: any make.
Write for prices O L. 4 M. ALEXANDKR.
lift Montprmerr st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDKXD Xctic*— r>lv!dend~NoT'84~~(5c~per
rhare) cf the Hutchir.son Sugar Plantation
Company will b* 1 a-at > at the office of the
rrrmpany. No. C7 Market st.. on and after
Fatur<i»y. October SO. 1300. Transfer books
¦win rlcse on Saturday. October 11. 1*00, at 12
<,clock m. E. H. SHELDON., Secretary-
OFFICE cf Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room K?. Crocker VuilS'.ng. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. Ortober 1. IKfO — Coupon No. 7. due
October 12. i:<00. from fir?t montage six <«>
{><?r cent hcn<5* of Fierra rtjr. Co. cf Cal.. wll!
>e paid at the fiscal a-enry of this company.
th« Crocker- Woclwcrth National Bank, on
arid after that date.
S. I>. FRF.SHMAN. Treasurer.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Taxes du« upon assessments made
* tr th# 6t*te Board ef Equalization— Control-
ler's Department, State of California. S&c-
ramenta. October •. 1%%.— In accordance w;th
the croTlFlons cf Section JCCS of the Political
Code, r.otlce is hereby triven that I have re-
ceived from the Plate Board of Equalization
the "Duplicate Recorl of Assesements cf
Jtalltrays" an* the "Duplicate Record of Ap-
portionment cf Railway Asressments." con-
taining the aMerements upon the property of
each of the following named associations or
oftrporatioiy!. es fixed by said State Board of
Equalization for the year 19(W. to-wit:
Central Paciflc Railroad Company. South
Faclfle Coast Railroad Company. Southern Pa-
cifle Railroad Company. Southern California
Meter Read Company, Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company, California Northwestern
Rail war Company (JeFsers Ran Francisco an.l
¦North Pacific Railroad). Pnnta Fc Padflc Rail-
road Comparv. Fan Francisco and Pan Joaquin
Valley Rallicar Company, Southern California
Pailway Cctnpany. North Pacific. Cca»t Rail-
road Company. Pacific Coast Railway Com-
pany Pajaro Valley Consolidated Rail-
road Company. Nevada • County Narrow-
Gaure Railroad Company, Nevada-Callfornia-
Orepon Hallway Company. Alameda and San
Jnaquln Railroad . Company. Sierra Railway
Company cf California. Rardsburjj Railway
Company. OuaJaJa River Railroad Company,
flerra Valleys Railway Company. California
and Nevada Railroad Company. Ran Francisco
• r.'l Ran Mateo <dectric) Railroad Company
an-1 Pullman'* Palace Car Company.
The Etate and county taxc* on all personal
property, and one-half of the State aad county
taxes on all real prcp»rty are now due and
r-a;«tj>. end will be delinquent on the !a*l
Monday In November next at t o'clock p. m..
and unless paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto. S per cent will be rjdded
to the amount thereof, and unless so oald on
or before the last Monday In April next, at 6
o'clock p. m.. an additional 5 per cent will
b» added to the amount thereof.
The i«mainlne one-half of the State and
coucty taxes on all real property will be due
•nd payable at any tlm* after the first Mon-
day tn January next, and will b« delinquent
on the u»t Monday in April next, at € o'clock
p. ra.. and unless paid t-> the Stat« Treasurer,
at the Capitol, prior thereto. 5 per cent will
b« added to de amount thereof.
• E. P. COLGAN. Controller.
MABRIAQE LICENSES. 1 1
_ TJ 18 ! following marriage licenses were issued
ye«t«>rd»j-:
-^"'sto Corbelll. 28. 4 Sonera street. . and
Trtslna Carlomagnia, 16. 42S Green street.
August Nilson. 26, 6 Howard street, and Anna
— Ka J' a - 30. J22 Fremont street.
Fritz P. a. Kostcr. 33. Oakland, and Henri- :
etta Penso. 2S. Oakland. .
v. alter C. Adams. 24. Santa Rosa, and Han-
«— V- How *rd. ». 933 Mission street.
w llllRtn G. Pennycook, 39. city, and Annie
E. Stack^oie, 30. city.
Edward J. McLeughlln, 23. Jlfl Seventh street,
and Atha Rohrer, 17. 310 Seventh street.
Robert Frank Kati. 22. 712 Geary street, and
Clara Miller. 23. San Bernardino.
John Oslan. 33. 613 Laeuha «treet. and Made
Eimatovich. J4. C55 Minna street.
John Holland. 2S. 212 First street, and Katie
Murray. 24. 1007 Natoma street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. "
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will net be inserted. They must be handed
In at cltfaer of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published:
ABRAMS— In th'.s city. October 8.- 1900. to tha
wife of Sam Abrama. a daughter.
DURAN-In Tracy. October 3. 1500. to the wife
of T. M. Duran, twins— a son and a daugh-
ter.
HARRINGTON— At Sutro Heights, October 8,
I'M. to the wife of J. C. Harrington, a daugh-
ter.
HENSLEY— In this city. October 11. 1S00. to
the wife of Wallace L. Hensley. a son.
PORTER— In this city. October 11. 1900, to the
wife of H. w. Porter, a daughter.
TIXNET— In this city. October 5. 1900. to th«
wife of Patrick J. Tinney. a daushter.
WARREN— In Seattle. Wash.. October 7. 1900.
to the wife of Samuel Warren, a daughter.
DIED.
Bullard. Hazel L. Obrist, Martin
Ccben. Amelia O'Grady. John
Costello. Joseph M. Pettersen, Emma
Doane, Charlotte Peterson, Isabel
Gibney, Jennie Schmidt. Lena
Graner. Frcderlcka Shattuck. Mrs. Delia
Hassett, John Sullivan. Margaret
Heizman. George H. e-unny. Tom J.
Hyde, Mrs. Eftie E. Tarn, Arslno
Ivwfen. George W. Terry. Hannah
Lcn*. Michael R. Tulloch. Nora E.
McCarty. Rosanna Twedell. Frank
.VcV.ar.n, Francis E. Tyrell. Louise E.
McNearney. Bridget
BULLARD-In this city, October It 1900, Haxel
L.. beloved daughter of Samuel and Mary
Kllen Bullard, and granddaughter of James
and the late Bridget Nelson and Lucy and
the late William Hullard. a native of San
Francisco, ag^d 2 years 1 month and £9 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitrd to attend the funeral to-morrow
USaturday). at 1 o'clock, from, the residence
of her grandtather. James Nelson, 275 Shipley
street, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Hcly Cross Cemetery.
COHEN— In Carson City. New. October 10. 1900.
Amelia Cohen, wife of the late James Cohen,
end beloved mother of Mrs. A. Jacobs of Car-
fon, Dave J. Cohen of Boise City, Idaho, and
Sol J. Cohen of San Francisco, a native of
f Germany, aged €6 years.
COSTELLO— In this city. October 10.. 1900, at
hi« residence, 19 Julian avenue. Joseph M..
dearly beloved ton of Bridget and the late
John Costello. and brother of Catherine Cos-
tello, Mrs. Daniel Sheehan, Mrs. Joseph W.
McTlgue and the late Lawrence J. and John
F". Costello. a native of San Francisco, aged
t> years and 2 days. A member of Franklin
I»2r« Xo. 44, A. O. U. W.
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), at >:30 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence. IS Julian avenue, thence to Mission \
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem [
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his |
•onl. commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ;
DOANE-In West Berkeley. October 11. 1900. 1
Charlotte noane, beloved wife of William I
Doane. daughter of Mrs. Cecil Ehret, sister j
cf Mrs. O. C. Grendell and Antone, Eugene j
and Charles Ehret. and niece of Anatolle j
Khret. a native of San Francisco. a£ed 25 j
years.
uTXotlce of funeral hereafter.
GIBXET-In this city.' October 1L 1900. Jennie i
Gifcney. sister of Annie. Mary and Delia Gib- f
. ney and Mrs. Frank Priest, a native of (
County Covan, Ireland, aged 19 years. i
£J*Jhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors ;
cf J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission «n*t. |
: thenoe to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re- i
qulem high mass will be. celebrated for the re-
p-Jse of her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I GRANER— In Oakland. October It l?0>. Fred-
| ericka Graner, dearly beloved wife of Charles
Graner. and mother of Mr». John and Mrs.
I James Treadweli. Mrs. F. Bowkmann, Mrs.
j G. Hink and Charles and Adolph Graner. a
! native cf Germany, aged 77 years and 8
I month?. '.
C3rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
« Saturday), at 11:15 o'clock, from the resl-
\ dence of James Treadweli, Broadway and |
Clifton street, Oakland. Interment I. O. O.
i F. Cemetery. San Francisco, by 1 o'clock
! creek route boat- :
j HASSETT— In this city. October 10. 1900. John i
Hasten, eon of W. H. Hassett, and brother j
' of Ann'.e and Joseph Hass«tt and E. P. and ]
I J. T. Butler, a native of California, aged- 17
years.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Rose's
I Church. Santa Rosa. !
j HEIZMAN— In this city, October 10. 1900. :
I George Henry, dearly beloved husband of
1 Martha Heizman, father of Lottie and George
Heizman Jr., beloved son of Magdalena and
i the Ute John Heizman. and brother of Mrs.
! R. Grabau. Mrs. E. Goeckeritz of Santa
Clara and Mrs. George Strlppel, a native of
t-"an Francisco, aged SI years 9 months and 20
1 days. A member of Gesellschaft Teutonia.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
« Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
i d«-nce. 175 Noe street, between Fourteenth and
I Fifteenth. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
| HYDE— In Santa Rosa, October 10, 1900, Mrs.
Kffle E. Hyde, wife of E. W. Hyde of San
Francisco, aged 41 years 4 months and 4 days.
I IVERSEN— October 11, 1900. George W.. dearly
i beloved husband of Mary I>. Iversen. father
cf Gladys Anita Iversen, son of Mr. and Mrs".
Niels Iversen, and brother of Mrs. Annie M.
! Johnson. Mrs. H..C. Jensen and Charles M..
Iver and Arthur Iversen. a native of San
Francisco, axed 36 years 3 months and 7
days.
LONG— In this city. October It 1300. Michael
Roy. beloved son of Charles H. and Minnie
¦ E. Lone, and grandson of Mrs. Peter Law-
! ler. a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 5
months and 13 day?.
tTKTien-as and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of hi* parents. \1 Heron street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-
McCARTY— In this city, October It 1900, Ros-
I anna McCarty, a natlv* of Ireland, aged £$
' years.
i McMANN— In the City and County Hospital.
October 10. 1900. Francis E. McMann. a na-
j live of Canada, ag^d "S years.
McNKARNEY— In this city. October 10. 1500.
Bridget, relict of the late Martin McN^arney,
and sister of Thomas Sahey. a native of
County Oalway, Ireland, aged 57 years and 8
months. i
rryrh^ funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), from the Church of the Asflump-
i tion. Tomales, Marln County, where a high
requiem mass •will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock,
interment Holy Cemetery. Tomales. Remains
will be at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor &
Co . 767 Mission street, until Saturday morn-
in*.
O'GRADY— In this city, October 11. 1900. John,
beloved husband of Margaret O'Grady. and
s'.ster of Mrs. Daniels, a native of County
Tipperary. Ireland, aged 58 years.
OBRIST— In this city. October It 1900. Martin,
beloved husband of Bertha Obrist. and rather
of Alice Obrlet. a native of Canton Aarguu,
Switzerland, aged 3G years 4 months and S
dajs.
PETTERSEN— In Port Townsend. October 9,
1000. Emma, beloved wife cf Captain R. Pet-
tersen, mother of Edna and Rode Pettersen.
and daughter of Henry and Louise Steln-
hagen. a native of Germany, aped 24 years 2
months and 77 days.
rBTERSON— In this city. October 10, 1900. Isa-
bel, dearly beloved daughter of George W.
and Mary Peterson, filter of George. Irene,
Robert, Adelaide. Verna and Harold Peter-
ron. and granddaughter of the lat« r>aniel
and Elizabeth O'Neil. a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aged It years 11 months and 1 day.
C7" Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery to-
morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the
parent*' residence. US Clinton Park.
I SCHMIDT— In this city. October 10. 1900, Lena,
beloved wife of Heury Schmidt, mother of
Mrs. C. H. Koplckf. and eister of Mrs. M. C.
Prttner. a native of New Orleans, La., agred
47 years and 1 day.
CTFuneraJ this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock,
from her late residence. 73 Pond street, be-
tween Sixteenth and Seventeenth, No« and
Sanchez. Interment private. «
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor to Flanmran * Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
23 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Tl and £» Fifth at. Tel. South 167.
ICKIEAL EI&ECTQR8 AND EMBALMES3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
AlcAVOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMERS.
1ZS) Market St.. between 8th and 9th.
Telephone South 247.
EXCELSIOR Circle No. 2. C. of F. of A.— The
officers and members are hereby ordered to
attend the funeral of our lat« companion.
Mrs. C. Anderson, from American Hall, third
floor. Alcazar building, to-morrow (Satur-
day), at ! o'clock.
MRS. N. E. SMITH. C. C.
THOMAS SEWELL, Fin. Sec.
CJ'Remains can be seen at the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany until 2 o'clock this day (Friday), when
they will be sent to his late home, in Chanute,
Ivans.
TYRELL— In this city, October 11. 1900. Louise
Emille. dearly beloved daughter of Louis and
Emilie Tyrell. a native of San Francisco, aged
S days.
(nyprlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeraL services
this day" (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at tRe chapel
at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
TULLOCK— In San Rafael. October 10. 1900.
Nora E. Tulloch, wife of W. K. Tulloch. and
mother of John Francisco. William, Donald.
Victor and Gladys Elglena Tulloch. a native
of California.
TWEDELL— In this city. October 8. 1900. Frank
Twedell, a native of Topeka, Kane., aged 20
years and 12 days.
E7"Remalns were removed to his late resi-
dence. Volcano." Amador County, Cal., Thurs-
day. October 11. from Valente. Marlni & Co.'s
undertaking parlors, 1524 Stockton street.
¦ Funeral Sunday. October 14.
TERRY— In this city. October 11. 1500. Hannah
F., beloved wife of R. C. Terry of Clayton.
Cal.. ' a native of ' Burlington, Vt., aged 63
years 6 months and 26 days.
SHATTUCK— In this city. October 10, 1900,
Mr »- Delia P. Shattuck, mother of D. D.,
F. W., c. C, j. H. and W. C. Shattuck, Mrs.
L. A. Pike, Mrs. M. J. Case and Mrs. Hattle
¦^•Tlgne. aged 31 years 3 months and a days.
CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Friday), at I
o clcok, at 7CSV4 Valencia street. .
SUNNY— In Makawoa. Maul Island. H. I.. Sep-
tember 30, 1900, Tom J., beloved husband of
Marion B. Sunny, and father of Tom D. N.
Sunny, a native of Scranton. Pa.
SULLIVAN— In this city. October U. 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Michael Sulli-
van, and mother of Joseph and John Sulll-
vsn. Mrs. A. Hopkins. Mrs. M. Welby and
the late Mrs. E. Flynn and Michael Sullivan.
a native of County Cork. ' Ireland, aged 75
years. (Boston. Mass.. and Wisconsin papers
please copy.)
inrFrie&ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 706 Brannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
comm«nclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
TAM— In this city. October 7, 1900, Arslno Tarn,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Tarn, father
of Rossie Tarn and Dr. J. A., Antonio, Albina
and Mary Delucchl. and brother of William
Tarn, Jackscn. Amador County; also two
nephews. Ottavlo and Natale T. Glacominl. a
native of Villa di Chlavenna, province of
Sondrio. Italy, aged 62 years.
William Corbln (owner) with Wilson & Long
(contractors) — Carpenter and mill work, stairs,
glass and glazing, tin work, plumbing, etc, for
a 2-story frame bam on lot on W line of South
Broderick street. 113:8 S of Buena Vista ave-
nue. S 30 by W 126; $1165.
B. S. and Susie E. Wilklns (owners) with
McCullough Contracting Company (contractors),
architect James A. McCullough— All work, for
a two-story frame building with rough base-
ment and floored attic on - SE corner of Clay
end Maple streets, distant 112:6 E from Maple.
S 127:8Vi by E 25, Western Addition block S34;
$2^25 ¦
John and Manraret O'Kane (owners) with C.
A. Martin and W. A. Graves (contractors), ar-
chitect W. A. Graves — Alterations and im-
provements, etc.. on frame buildings at 131-133
Haight street, on S line of Halght, 87:6 E of
Laguna, E 50 by 8 137:6; $3475.
Alvlnza Hayward (owner) with Vermont
Marble Company (contractors), architect, G.
W. Percy— Marble work, etc., for 11-story and
basement fireproof building on NE corner of
California and Montgomery streets. N 93 by
E 87:6; $2?, 000.
William John (owner) with A. C. Soule (con-
tractor), architect C. A. Meussdorffer— All work
except art glass, plumbing;, painting-, electrical
and concrete work, entrance steps. Iron work,
tiling, mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a
3-story basement and attic frame building on
lot on SW corner of Ellis and Oough streets, W
25 by S 90, Western Addition block 153; $7S35.
Builders' Contracts.
Jane K. Bather (widow) to Regents of Uni-
versity of California, lot on E line of Park
street. BO S of Webb avenue, E 99:8, R 60. W
1(0. N 50 to beginning, lot 1, block A. Alameda
Station Homestead Tract, Alameda; $10.
Same to Carrie A. Wilson (wife of Henry G.),
rerecord 725 D. 403. lot 8, block C, Percy Tract,
less that portion taken for widening Shattuck
avenue, Berkeley: also lot 9, block C, same
tract, less same (subject to life estate to first
l^rty); gift.
Henry A. and Christine S. Pleitner to Wil-
liam K. and Jeanette Casement, lot on X line
of Bay View avenue, 100 E of Walnut street,
E t» by N 141. being lot 8. block 10, Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
William Patterson to Henry R. Patterson,
rrrecord 725 D. 401, lot on E line of Walnut
street. 240 S of Vine. S BO by E 13S-.7. being
lota 9 and 10 and portions of lots 29 and 30.
block 6, on map of resubdivlslon of portion of
T. M. Antiseirs map of villa lots, Berkeley
(subject to life estate to first party): Klft.
Frank and Edith Sessions to J. J. Johnson,
lot on E corner of Seventh avenue and East
Eighteenth street. SE 150 by NE 3O>. being tho
NW half of block 106, Clinton. East Oakland;
Georgre and Carrie R. Sterling to Realty Syn-
dicate, let on N line of Fortieth street, 150
E ot Grove, E 32 by N 110, being lot 9, map
of redivislon of Montgomery Tract. Oakland:
also lot on NW corner of Fortieth stre?t or
Evoy avenue and Linden street. N 200 by W
112.27, Oakland; also lot on SW corner of Evoy
avenue or Fortieth street and Lusk. W 141 by
S 120. being: lots IS, 19 and 20, map of White
House plot, Oakland: also lot on SW corner
of Market and Fortieth streets, W 103.70 by
S 150. being lots 3. 4 and 5 on map of esta.te
of John Evoy, In plat 36, Rancho V. and D.
Peralta, Oakland; $10.
Henry P. and Lucy E. Brown to Lewis C.
Sr.yder. let on N lln« of Thirty-third street.
1?7 :0Vi E of Grove. E 37:6 by X 100.55, being
the W 15 feet of lot 22 and E 12:6 of lot 23.
Collins Tract, Oakland (subject to mortgage
for $1500); 110.
Charles L. Weltman (single) to same, same
(quitclaim deed); 110. . •
John A. and Mary XL Swenarton and Pacific
Bank (by J. B. Lar.ktree, commissioner) to
I T n!on Savincs Bank, lot on E line of FVanklin
street, 1163 X of Fourteenth. N 60 by E 150.
block 273, as per Whitcher's map, Oakland;
J606S.
Jane K. Pather (widow) to Regents of Uni-
versity of California (corporation), lot on W
line of Broadway. 34 X or DeiRer or Twentieth
street, N 33 by W 113:8, Oakland; also lot on
W line of Broadway, 100 N of Delger or Twen-
tieth street, N 50 by W 1C0. Oakland; $10.
Same to same, lot on NW corner of Xlnth,
and Jefferson streets. W 73 by N 100, lots 19
to 22, block 115, on Kellers be rger's map, Oak-
land: $10.
\V. E. Brown to Mary Casey (widow), lot on
S line of Central avenue-, 242 E of McPherson
street. E 25 by S 135. lot 16, block 23, Oak
Shade Tract, Alameda; $2S5.
Stella B. Badders to Charles B. Badders, Iot3
21 and 22, block 7, Allendale Tract, Berke-
ley: $n>.
William G. -and Vida G. May to Mary I.
MacKenzle (wife of John), lot on NW corner of
Hl!sard and Euclid avenues, w 50 by.X 125,
lot 21, block 6, Daley's Scenic Park. Berke-
ley; $10.
John and W. A. Mitchell and Elizabeth Par-
ker (wife of E. J.) (trustees) to Charlotte Jen-
sen (wife of Rasmus), lots 22 and 23. block 3«>.
Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town Improvement
Association, Berkeley; $10.
Plummer Improvement Company to Harriet
W. Clark (widow), lot on W line of Piedmont
avenue, 100 N of Kearney, N 40 by W 135 being
the S 20 feet of lot 8 and N 20 feet of lot 9,
block 2, on map of property of John Kearney,
Berkeley; $10. -
San Francisco Savings Union to Scott F. Orr,
lot on S corner of Lincoln and Watson avenues,
SE 257:1. SW 140, NW 355:5, NE to beginning,
lots 1 to 8 and 20, block E, Clinton Mound
Tract, East Oakland: $10.
H. S. and Clara B. Crocker to Charles B.
Wilson, subdivisions 1, 7, 8 and 9, In lot 37.
Glen Echo Tract, Map 3, being a redlvislon
of lots 10, 16, IS, 28, 23, 35 to 33, Glen Echo
Tract, Map 2, Oakland; JIO.
N. Gertrude Brown to Luther T. Haws, lot
36 in resubdlvislon block A, Brumaglm Tract,
Oakland; $10.
George and Emma Schaefer to Anna V?.
Booth, lot on N line of Mountain View avenue,
230 E of Hillside street. E 100, N 251.95, W 100,
S 252.37. to beginning, lots €9 ' and 70. resub-
dlviston block 34, Warner Tract. Brooklyn
Townshln; $10.
W. W. Haley to Clara B. Healy (single), lot
on E lino of Wilson avenue, 446.53 N of Ver-
non avenue, N 218.S0, SE 224.61, to a point dis-
tant 50.10 E from E line of Wilson avenue,
thenco W 50.30 to beginning, lot 19, East Fruit-
vale Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mary Wall (widow) to Mary A. Shunway,
lot on NW corner of Hallett avenue and Ma-
ple street, W 90 by N 155, being lot 49, block
2. Maxwell Tract. Oakland Township; Blft.
Ellse Leonhard to Frederick Leonhard and
Emma Wade (undivided % each), lot on SE
corner of Railroad avenue and Poplar 6treet,
E 27:6, S 103:10, W 27:6, N to beginning, being
lot 17, block 490. Brlges Tract, map 2, Oakland;
also lot on NE corner of William and Bay
streetB, E "6:2U by N 100:7»4, beinc lots 17 to
20, block 41, on map of lands Oakland Point
Railroad Ferry Landing, Oakland; also lot on
NE comer of P.ailroad avenue and Linden
street, E 50 by N 95:8, being portion lot 5,
block K, Market-st Tract. Oakland: iflft.
Anna and Gottfried Ralsch to Alice M. Grass.
lot on S corner of East Twentieth street and
Ninth avenue, SE 150 by S W 50," being lots U
and 12, block 17, map of Brenan estate property.
East Oakland: $10.
D. Saton* (single) to J. M. Williams, lot on
N line of- Virginia street, 175 E of Euclid ave-
nue, E 40 by N 125, being the W 40 feet of lot
9, block 14, Daley's Scenic Park, subject to a
mortgage for $2000. Berkeley; $10.
I. L. and Ella J. Saxton to Ira Vaughan. lot
on S line of Seward street. 130 E of Cedar. E
SO by S 135. being lot 12. block 703. map of
Gibbons' property at Oakland point. Oakland;
$10. .
A. L. and Abbie C. Eayne to Henry Root,
a portion of lot 1. blotk B, Oak Tree Farm
Tract, bounded N by Sherman street, E by lots
now or formerly of E. M. Dow and S and W by
the Draper Tract, Brooklyn Township, quit-
claim deed: $5.
Richard Davis to James A. Kane, lot on S
line of Orchard avenue, 62.51 N from NE line
of Sunnystde Btreet, NE 150 by SE 140, being
lots 9, 10 and 1L Marlon Tract. Brooklyn Town-
ship; $1023.
Joseph F. Forderer to Marcella H. Krauth
(widow), lot 6, block 1. on map of Hays and
Caperton property, Alameda; $5.
Isaac C. Scharlt (single) to Susie F. Ben-
ton (wife of Thomas H.), lot on W line of Wal-
nut street. 160 S of Clinton avenue. S 40 by
AV 125. lot 5, block D, Bellevue Tract. Ala-
meda; ?10.
Duncan R. and Eva M. McCallum to Peter
W. Anderson, lot 4, block T, revised map Oak-
land Heights. Oakland; $10.
Charles B. Wlllson to C. H. Clark, subdivis-
ions 1, 7, 8 and 9 in lot 37. on map of Glen
Echo Tract, map 3, being a redlvislon of lots
10. 16. 28. 29, 35 to 38, Glen Echo Tract, map
2. Oakland; $10.
Alameda County.
fcalf interest in the following: Lota 3 and 4,
block A. lots 13 and 20, block E, lots 1 and 2.
lots 2 to 4, 13 to 16, 22 to 26, -block O, same;
also undivided one-third Interest In tha follow-
ing: Lots 23 to 27, block C. lots 1 to 7, 29 to
Sa. block D, lots 2 to 6, 12, 13 and 16, block E,
sarfie; 110. _ _ ¦
The Call advocates i the es-
tablishment of a National
Conservatory for the educa-
tion of our artists at home.
Bead what Rose Belda, the
singer, has to say about it in
next Sunday's Call.IN ECSTASY FOR MONTHS— THEN HE WOKE UP.
man In stopping: the elevator his head
would nave been crushed to a pulp. As it
was he suffered a lacerated wound in the
scalp and an abrasion ot the cheek.
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department be«t la city.*
Only are used In the preparation of MALT
NUTRINR. the greatest tonic and fool-drink
The < name of the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
ARs'n, its makers, guarantees its merit. Sold
by all drUEslsts.
Pure, Selected Materials
MORRIS' STRING OF
HORSES COMING WEST
Will Leave the East on October 20,
and "Will Race Here This
Winter.
Not a day passes but word is heard
from the East that some big string of
horses will be here this winter to race oh
California tracks. The latest is the stable
of Green li. Morris, which will leave on
October 20. Mr. Morris' stable* comprise*
n number of fast groers and his addition
to the racing material will prove no mean
quantity.
In j ured in an • Elevator.
James" Davidson,', a* soldier, " was . one . of
the 'i "drunks" • discharged at the City
Prison 'yesterday morning. While going
down. in: the elevator he" fell • in a" fit.- ana
but 'for the promptitude of the elevator
A bold burglary was ' committed in tho
shadow of the new Hall of Justice last
Tuesday morning. The Kearny-street
Exchange at 809 Kearny street, and but
a few steps from police headquarters,
was entered about daybreak by bold
thieves and the contents of the cash regis
ter stolen. The burglar climbed through
one of the transoms above the front en
trance, pocketed his spoils and coolly
walked out Into the street.
-A. couple of months ago the same place
was, visited by thieves, and from the sim
ilarity of the two crimes the police believe
the i same crooks committed both jobs. ¦¦¦,
Fred Severs, the proprietor of the sa
loon, closed his place shortly after 3
o'clock on the morning the burglary took
plac,e. About 5 o'clock the crooks ap
proached the place and while one of them
climbed up the front door on rods of iron
that protect the glass, the other is sup
posed- to -have served as a. lookout. The
transom was forced and the thief drew
himself ¦• over the door. He opened the
cash- register and extracted $25. -He then
threw down the Inner bars from the
swinging doors and walked Into the street.
Two ¦ months ago the same sort of a
crime was committed and the crooks real
ized $16 for . their work. The • same key
•was rung up on the cash register, and the
same means were employed in gaining an
entrance.^ • .¦
Daring -Crime Committed in
Sight of : the New Hall
*? of Justice.
BURGLARS DO NOT
FEAR THE POLICE
The bazaar which Is now being conduct
ed in the art gallery of Mechanics' Pa
vilion in aid of the building fund of St.
Brigld's Church Is fast being recognized
as one of the most artistic ever planned
in the city. There Is life and light, music
and color In the old barnlike structure
which has been transformed into a little
palace. There, are dainty things to look
upon, quaint booths "and pretty pavilions.
Pretty girls there are on every side, and
they are working zealously for a worthy
cause. Every night there is a series of
musical entertainments, ambitious and
artistic enough alone to charm people to
the pavilion.
The bazaar therefore is winning a mer
ited success. The crowd last night was
large, notwithstanding the Inclemency of
the weather. The scene, with its lights
and color, its odd and strange booths and
pavilions, its throng of chattering, laugh
ing, gossiping and merrymaking, people,
was a ' brilliant one. Each booth has
something to sell, and all that is there is
well worth buying.'
Those that wish to aid the worthy cause
of the fair may purchase from a score of
counters If they please, and if they do not
they may mingle with the crowds, listen
to the music, inspect the various beauties
of tho fair and share in the festivtles.
One feature of the bazaar which* has been
unusually successful and which deserves
the patronage It has received is the dally
lunch which is served by the ladies of the
parish. . ' j .
CROWDS ARE THRONGING
THE ST. BRIGID'S BAZAAR
l>ainty Spectacle at the Mechanics'
Pavilion Attracts the Patron
age of Fashionable People.
This favorite steamer, under command of
Captain Lawless, will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming islands of the
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring 30 to 40 days, but the time of new
steamship, service will be 10V4 days. Ask for
particulars of the \ low excursion rate at 643
Market street. : . - • •
The Australia for Tahiti.
The body of Chris Stewart, a sailor on
the scow Echooner P. R. No. 6. was picked
up in the - bay ¦ at Fourth and Channel
streets yesterday afternoon. It was taken
to the I Morgue by, 'Deputies Meehan and
Donahue. Stewart was last seen on Sat
urday. He was 40 years of age and a na
tive of ¦ Denmark. ¦
Sailor Drowned in the Bay.
NINE BOXING BOUTS
AT THE GOLDEN GATE
Athletic Club Will Hold a Fistic En
tertainment at Washing
ton Hall.
The Goiden Gate Athletic Club will give
a boxing exhibition to-night at Washing
ton-square Hall. The following amateur
boxers will appear:
Jack OBrien vs Young Choynski:
Toung Reeonl vs. Jack Landers- Jack
Rodlgan vs. Ed Smith; Bob Thomson vs.
Joe Sullivan; Ld Jones vs. Fred Craie :
Jim Hopkins vs Charles Phipps; G~eor|e
A\ atson vs. Tom Woods, and A. Attell vs
Ed Hanlon.
ITALIAU" FISHERMEN
STRIKE IN AXASKA
Demand Additional Pay Because
Their Employers Furnish Them
With Rotten Nets.
Eighty-four Italian fishermen from
Alaska created a hubbub in the office of
United States Shipping Commissioner
Bassett yesterday. The men went north
to wcrk for the Alaska Packers* Associa
tion, the shipping articles providing that
they should receive $50 each and 1 cent
for each salmon caught. This the men
wore offerc-a by the association, but they
refused to accept the money, claiming
that they had made a supplemental agree
ment whereby the association had agreed
to pay them $100 each instead of $50 and 4
cents per salmon. They immediately re
tained Assistant United States District
Attorneys Banning and Woodworth to
collect the money and the case will be
taken Into the courts through the medium
of a libel suit against the ship Two Broth-
The men say that when they began the
work cf fishing for salmon in Alaska the
association furnished them rotten nets
through which a large percentage of the
fish broke an<i escaped. As the shipping
crticles guaranteed th^m a percentage on
the Quantity O f salmon caught the men
complained that their time was being
wasted b<-eausp of th<- rotten nets and
they went on strike. The matter was set
tled by the signing by the men and the
fcger.t or the association of the supple
mental agreement. vv
The Case of Grand Larceny Against
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COUBT.
Kitty Turner Dismissed by
Judge Cabaniss.
The case of Kittle Turner, charged with
felony embezzlement for appropriating
"Billy" Abbott's diamond ring valued at
$250', was dismissed by Judge Cabaniss
yesterday because the evidence was con
tradictory and because of the character
of the witnesses against ner. Abbott
threatens to take the case before the
Grand Jury. '
Gus Muldoon and Paul_ Graves, who are
accused of stealing $25 from Domenico
Mancuso. 1320 Natoma street, on Sunday
evening at a "stag" dancing party at hi3
house, appeared before Judge Conlan yes^
terday on the charge of grand larceny.
The cases were continued till Tuesday.
Graves was arrested in 1S97 on three
charges of burglary under the name of
Milton Berry and was sent to Folsom pen
itentiary.
John Curley, who stabbed John Archer.
an ex-prlzeflghter, on Wednesday night
during a quarrel about a woman, ap
peared before Judge Frits yesterday on
the charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. His bonds were fixed in $500 and
the case was continued till next Tuesday.
Archie Warner and Abe Canton, two
young men who have been peddling cheap
jewelry and paste diamonds In the neigh
borhood of the Palace Hotel, and who
are accused of carrying on a bunko game
at the same time, were charged before
Judge Mogan yesterday with peddlinsj
without a license. Policeman Ross, who
made the arrests, said the defendants had
been warned several times, but always
returned. One of them, the policeman
said, would quietly drop a paste diamond
or brass watch on the sidewalk while a
stranger was near and pick it up as if he
had found it. He would arouse the cu
pidity of the stranger and sell him the
article at a supposedly cheap price. The
cases were continued till to-day.
IT is the topic of universal comment in
political circles that McKinley Id
gaining strength in every section of
the United States. Clear-headed
Democratic politicians acknowledge
that Bryan's chances of success are rap-
Idly diminishing. The Bryanites ex
pended their ammunition early in the
campaign, and now, when the hardest
fighting Is demanded, Bryan and his chief
followers are exhausted and the McKin
ley reserves are fresh and vigorous.
Even the leading Democratic politicians
say that the country is weary of Bryan
and his fifteen speeches a day and will
turn with a sense of relief to hear what
President McKinley has to say. Every
one who Is posted knows that President
McKinley will say the right thing at the
right time. . %
The Republican State .Central Commit
tee Is receiving cheering messages from
the Interior. Republicans are confident
that McKinley will carry California by a
majority larger than he received In 1S£6.
There are no special developments in
the contest for Collector of the Port.
Senator Bard and family leave for the
south to-day. He will return ten days or
two weeks hence. The appointment of Col
lector will not be made until immediately
after the election, but within the next two
weeks Senators Bard and Perkins may
come to an agreement in the matter of
recommendation to the President. The
subject will rest as it now stands until
Senator Bard returns to San Francisco.
Yesterday John T. Dare. United State=
Appraiser, . made formal application to be
appointed Collector. - •'
Senator Bard received many callers
yesterday and listened to all suggestions
concerning the fitness of the several can
didates. There is an impression that a
well-known citizen who Is not an appli
cant for the office will be indorsed by both
Senators.
The Republican Club of the Forty-first
Assembly District, Horace Davis presi
dent, is making extensive preparations for
a great rally in behalf of McKinley and
Loud. The Forty-first District will return
Its old-time Republican majority for
President and. member of Congress.
Oscar Sutro, the nominee of the,Citi
zens' Republican party, will receive a
very large vote and his election over. Mar
tin Kelly's nominee is predicted. Kelly
has not yet taken the platform in the dis
trict In advocacy of Dibble's election to
the Assembly, but stands ready to back
his candidate with his oratory. Kelly's
determination to grasp the party machin
i ery In the district and place the Forty
first In line with the Twenty-eighth as a
boss-controlled district has excited the
alarm of good citizens, irrespective of
party. On election day. th^fe will be a
vigorous protest at the polls against Boss
Kelly's Interference In the affairs of the
last night at 152 Cook street and unani
mously ¦ Indorsed Eugene P. Loud for
Congress from the Fifth District.
The meeting was well attended by
veterans from different parts of the dis
trict. Colonel Edward McCormick pre
sided and John Duffy acted as secretary
After several of the members had eulo
gized Congressman Loud the chairman
appointed Henry McAllister. John Duffy
and E. Hazel to act as a committee to ar
range for a big mass-meeting. Colonel
McCormick stated that It was the duty
of every veteran not only to vote, but to
work until the polls closed for the gal
lant comrade, William McKlnley and
Governor Roosevelt and also the tried
and true friend, Eugene F. Loud. The
meeting adjourned until next Tuesdav
evening. -
m
Democratic District Meeting.
A Bryan and Stevenson rally will be
held in the Thirty-first Assembly District
Monday evening under the auspices o<"
the County Committee. The speakers will
be Porter Ashe, Louis H. Ward, John D
Sullivan, R. P. Troy and Thomas w'
Hickey. .
F. J. KERRIGAN CLTJB.
Supporters of the Candidate for Su
perior Judge Form an Organi
zation.
Two hundred enthusiastic supporters of
F. J. Kerrigan, candidate for Superior
Judge for the short term, met last night
in Assembly Hall, Mills building, and or
ganized an F. J. Kerrigan Club. After
signing the roll a meeting was held and
the following officers elected: William
Cluff, president: Kenneth Melrose, vice
president, and F. J. Koster, secretary. An
executive committee composed of J. -J.
Lermen, William H. Abbot, William
Whynne, John Tonnlngson, Walter Rob
inson and John Bourdette was selected.
The meeting was addressed by Tlrey L.
Ford, Colonel William Cluff and Colonel
Frank A. Vail. >.
Novel Features of New Club.
Measuring Republicanism by inches is
a novel method of procuring members for
a club, but such will be the method
pursued by the Republican Marching
Club at its grand rally to-morrow even
ing, October 13, at 1442 Market street.
The object Is to form a club, such as for
merly existed In Pittsburg. composed of
members whose height shall not be less
than six feet. It is proposed to have a
uniform, as did the Pittsburg club, and
that was composed of blue coat, red
trousers and an Immense red shako, with
a" tall plume, which with the great
height of tho members made the c'ub
famous. Republicans desirous of becom
ing members of the club should address
J. A. Wells, 1442 Market street. The
meeting to-morrow night will be ad
dressed by prominent speakers, who will
discuss the issues of the campaign.
The McKinley Veterans.
The McKlnley Veterans held a meetin*
TV. M. Gibson at Mariposa and Judge Oli
ver P. Evans and C. L. Asmussen at Hol
lister.
D. M. Delmas and James F. Farraher
will be the speakers at a meeting at Napa
to-night. •
Senators Bard and Perkins Decide to Defer Defi
nite Action Until Two V^eeks Hence.
Forty-first District The sure way to re
buke Kelly in the Forty-first is to vote
for Sutro.
CLARK CARR' AT THE TEMPLE.
The Former Minister to Denmark
Will Speak To-Night.
The Republican rally at Metropolitan
Temple to-night promises to be one of the
greatest of the campaign. General Clark
E. Carr, the orator of the evening. Is the
most noted of the Eastern campaigners
who will visit the coast prior to election.
At San Bernardino, Fresno and other
places where he has spoken the people
have been greatly pleased with his
speeches. He will reach San Francisco
this morning from Fresno, where he ad
dressed a meeting last night.
Rallies will be held Saturday night as
follows: Governor Gape will speak at
Santa Barbara. Frank L. Coombs at San
Rafael. S. D. Woods anu S. M. Shortrldge
at Sacramento. Congressman Metcalf and
W. R. Davis at Woodland, Congressman
Loud and C. W. Kyle at Gilroy. James
McLachlan at Ventura. Congressman
Keedham and S. C Smith at San Bernar
dino. D. E. McKlnlay at Vaeaville, Jud
Brusie at Rockland, Frank McGowan at
Mayileld, E. Myron Wolf at Redwood
City, John L. McNabb at Fort Bragg,
Colonel J. H. Roberts at Sanger, J. M.
Oliver at Lechter, Fresno County, and A.
P. Van Duzer at West Berkeley.
Senator George C. Perkins will start on
a campaigning tour next week. His first
speech will be given at Nevada City next
Ihursday night.
Frank L. Coombs will speak at Uklah
to-night, at San Rafael Saturday night
and at Humboldt Monday night.
The Oakland Alliance marching club
will go to Sacramento 100 strong lor the
meeting Saturday night, at which S. M.
Shortridge and S. D. Woods will be the*
speakers. . <¦
Frank McGowan will speak at Vallejo
to-night, at Mayfleld Saturday night, at
Santa. Rosa Tuesday night and at Menlo
Park on the 20th. .
PHOENIX BEPUBLICAN CLUB.
Candidates Attend Regular Meeting
and Talk on Issues. of / .
.'• /'.•/ '•¦'¦ Campaign. '
The - Phoenix Republican Club held ¦ an
enthusiastic meeting last , night at'Scot
tish Hall on Larkin street. Speeches
were" made ¦ by Congressman Kahn,
Charles K. Curry, Secretary of State;
Andrew Branch, Frank H. Kerrigan,
Thomas F. Graham. John J. Hourlgan
and County Clerk Deane. Senator
Thomas C. Maher presided in the absence
of 'Thomas P. Kiordan, president of the
club. .
President Rlordan has ' appointed the
following executive committee: At large
—Charles F. Curry, Frank McGowan,
Thomas C. Maher. ' Fred E. Wallace.
George R. Fletcher, A. J. Martin, Rich
ard Cleaves, Andrew Branch. Joseph
Goddard. F. W. Lees; Twenty-eighth Dis
trict, Albert Houston; Twenty-ninth.
John Flynn: Thirtieth. Isadore Erb;
Thirty-first. John J. Hourlgan; Thirty
second. John Hoey; Thirty-third, Felix J.
Dugan; Thirty-fourth, George W. Elder;
Thirty-fifth, John C. Kortlck; Thirty
sixth. Frank French; • Thirty-seventh,
Colonel Thomas F. O'Nell; Thirty-eighth
Luke Battles; Thirty-ninth, Edward
Fitzgerald; Fortieth. J. J. Cassidy;
Forty-first. George Walker; Forty-sec
ond. John J. McCarthy; Forty-third, P. J
Walsh; Forty-fourth. 'E. . C. Palmierl*
Forty-flfth, Joseph. King.
DEMOCRATIC RAIXIES.
Speakers Who Will Address Meetings
to Bs Held Saturday Night. *
, x*he Democratic State Central Commit
tee has arranged meetings for Saturday
night throughout the State. Ei-Judge
Robert Ferral and Franklin K. Lane will
be the speakers at the Metropolitan Tem
ple meeting.
Ex-Senator Stephen M. White will speak
at Fresno, W. H. Alford at Willows,
James F. Farraher at St. Helena, Jo D.
Sproul at Jackson. Frank Freeman and
J., H. Simmons at. Dlxon.J. H. Henry at
Santa Clara, H. D. Cricnton at Fallbrook,
San Diego County,' and Jud R. Rush at
Merced.
. Mayor Phelan will speak Saturday night
; at Oakland, S. E. Vermilyea at Keswic>«_
NO AGREEMENT
FOR COLLECTOR
CHAFING UNDER
NEGLECT, REED
SCORES PHELAN
He Declares the Mayor Is
Delaying Water-Rate
Investigation.
Says That the Meeting Last Night
Failed of a Quorum Because
. His Honor so
•Willed It.
• —
The Board of SuperviGors was to have
met last xriE'ht tor the purpose of begin
ning an Investigation into the value of
the plant of the Spring Valley Water
Company, but only two members— Reed
anfl Connor — were present. As there was
no Quorum the investigation was of ne
ccsslty postponed, but not before Reed
had severely scored Mayor Phelan, whom
he accused of being the instigator of a
plot to delay the investigation. Inci
dentally Reed paid his respects to several
of his colleagues, whom he said were only
too willing to do the bidding of their mas
ter.
When It was known that no other Su
j*rvisors would be present at last night's
meeting. Chief Clerk Behan, in the ab
sence of the Mayor, called it to order and
stated that h© •would entertain a motion
to adjourn. Reed then entered a. formal
protest against the action of the Super
visors and the Mayor. In tones of »up
pressed excitement Reed said:
•"The Board of Supervisors adjourned
cn Monday last to meet this evening with
a view to fixing ultimately the rates to
be charged by the Spring Valley Water
Company for •water during the next fis
cal year. I have information that after
adjournment the Mayor and a favored
few of the board agreed that the Investi
gation should not be commenced until
next December. It was then understood
that only one or two members 6hould put
In an appearance this evening so that
the investigation could not be com
menced. In doing this and in ordering
notices to be served oa the Supervisors
and others interested not to attend I
claim that the Mayor acted without the
least authority. He had no right to do
It as he is not a member of the board,
but only its presiding offlcer.
"The Investigation of water rates was
placed In the hands of the Committee on
Public Utilities, of which I have the honor
to be chairman, by resolution passed last
July. It was understood that the com
mittee ehould perform all the preliminary
work which would be Impossible In the
full board. We all know how perfunctory
the last Investigation was and how little
information was gleaned. It was Intended
to go into this subject thoroughly, and
for that purpose the committee was en
larged by several members. While the
Mayor was in Europe the committee did
very well, but when his Honor came back
the members became lukewarm. Their
tttitude changed for some reason or other
and I received little or no assistance from
them. It is easy to see that little satis
faction v.-ill be gained from the coming
investigation." •
An adjournment was taken when Reed
finished, and Connor, who had remained
mute under the castigation, stated that
Engineer Schussler would return from
Europe in December and the investigation
would most likely be commenced then.
The tale of a woman's misplaced trust
and confidence was told In Judge Conlan's
court yesterday by Mrs. S. M. Cleghorn,
412 McAllister street. Mrs. Cleghorn Is a
widow, and about three months ago be
came acquainted In Red Bluff with Gus
Van D«tten. who represented to her that
ha was " the proprietor of a saloon and
restaurant there, when, in fact, he was
only a bartender in the saloon. ; After a
brief courtship he proposed marriage to
her and was accepted. Six weeks ago
they came to this. city. The widow had
sold out her lodging-house with the inten
tion of being married here.
Mrs. Cleghorn went to 412 McAllister
street and Van Detten took a room down
town. September 9 he borrowed from her
$200, a revolver valued at $12 and a gold
breastpin. Her gold watch, valued at $100,
was out of order, and he suggested she
should give it to him. and he would see
that It was repaired. He got It also.
Mrs. Cleghorn did not see Van Detten
again till last week, when she happened
to meet him on the street. He told ber
that her watch had been stolen from him
by William Isaacs, a waiter In the Obe
ron, while he was drunk, and he Induced
her to swear to a warrant for Isaacs' ar
rest on a charge of grand larceny. Isaacs
was arrested and when the case was call
ed in Judge Conlan's court Monday Van
Detten failed to appear, and a bench war
rant was issued for his arrest. Isaacs'
wife was in court, but refused to testify.
The previous night she had be'en seen in
company with Van Detten, the court was
informed. It was suggested that a plot
had been formed to send Isaacs to jail. •
The case was continued till 'Wednesday,
and as Van Detten could not be found
the Judge dismissed It, as he felt satis
fled that Isaacs had nothing to do with
the disappearance of Mrs. Cleghorn's
watch.
Wednesday night Van Detten was ar
rested on O'Farrell street by Policeman
Colen while talking to Mrs. Isaacs' moth
ed. He had shaved off his long beard, but
the officer recognized him. Van Detten
appeared before the Judge yesterday
morning, and when asked why he had not
appeared In court, Monday and why he
had shaved off his beard he replied that
It was to save Mrs. Cleghorn from noto
riety. The Judge ordered him into cus
tody for contempt of court.
Mrs. Clcghorn was in court and related
to the Judge how Van r>etten had de
ceived her and had got the money and
other articles from her. Mrs. Isaacs had
returned hex the \ watch, saying that her
husband had given it to her for fear the
police might suspect and search him. The
Judge was more than ever convinced that
there was a plot to send Isaacs to Jail,
and suggested to Mrs. Cleghorn that she
should swear to a complaint charging Van
Detten with felony embezzlement, which
was done, and he was booked on the
charge.
"Widow Swears Out a Warrant for Ar
rest of Gus Van Detten on a \
Charge of Felony Embez
zlement.
Romance That Starts in
Red Bluff and Ends
¦ * , -
MRS. CLEGHORN
DUPE OF THE
MAN SHE LOVES
TJdLK SAN IJLIAISCISCO CA.L.L, JjKlUAY, iJVTOBKli 12, 1£>.OO.
A YELLOW KID'S EXPERIENCE WITH THE PIPE
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Big Sale.
White Stone China
Caps and Saucers 7ct«
Dinner Platen 6ct«
Bowl»-all telml» 8ct»
Fltchc r» ... » cts and m ct»
Breakfast Plate* . 6cti
Meat Disbe9...8ctsana nets
wash nasin 44 ct*
Tea Pots..... 36ct»
Soap Dishes Sets
Toilet let—..— set 1.40
Chambers j6cCs
• Wash Howl and Pitcher. ...j.
... «et 89c(s
We arc Cutting: Prices
all to Pieces During:. Oar
Biff Clearance SalC| .'
Great American ImporllDs TeajCo.
21.) Grant ave., bet. Sutler and Post ita.
m Market St.. opp.. Powell. ¦' - t - lt
52 Market »t.. Junction California. ¦ .„• .
OCR BRANCH STORES EVEKTWHERB.
DR.MCNULTt:
a 'HIS WEMrKXOWX AND RELIABLE OLD
flpeolalfatriiriM Blond I'o'son, lionorrhwa Cle^t.
Strtatnrf. **«>mli.s»l Weakness. Impotence ami their
allied IMwrders. Hook on Di*ea*es of Men fr«>e
OverttTeaiVejper'etice.TVrnM reasonable. HourC
»t«n(la!ly;6:.i0to.s. jopv'ks. SanriAV».lOto 12. CanwU
tatlonfreeandsacredly confidential. Call oraddrtaa
. P. RO8COE MrXiXTY. Jl.D.
«•» ILearay HU, San jfc'ranclsc*, Cd.
**^p^ . FOR %^^,
McKINLEY and ROOSEVELT 1
GEN. CLARK E. CARR
OF 1 ILLINOIS.
THE ELOQUENT ORATOR,
Will Addfess the Citizens at
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
THIS FVicieiy EY/EINIING
ALL fKFtB. \A/ELCO/V\E. .
TV M. CUTTETL GEORGE BTOXE.
becretarf. ' - ~ - Chairman Republican State Committee. .
• ¦ * y *¦.¦--..' , . ....¦¦ .. _.. .
APVEBTISEMENTS.
VfO& FRIDAY <© 5ATOR.DAYYJ
I See and Compare and You'll Find That \
I No House in Frisco Sells as I
§ Cheap as We Do. I
I JH NEW AUTUMN NECKWEAR. 1
m <3*-j3£l More new swell Ideas in LADIES" FTXE *J
g • J**£tj& NECKWEAR are displayed this season than a
9 -S ' -^--yv LADIES* STOCK COLLAR and JABOT AT- B
Si P»*^CC Js^Jftl TACHED; collar is made of the b«"st satin it
M £&37*> J%sZ$e wlth slx rows of tucks; Jabot Is made of flnt \\
m <teiW5^Kf^Vw«' liberty silk, finished with fluted ribbon; made f,
H v Tn^ * n aJ1 *^ e newest * a U shades. Our star =Qp $*
3 #£«?£* LADIES' BLACK VELVET t?
a fflft2$3 STOCK COLLAR, trimmed with a turnovei U
H r *^B^ collar of colored satin, lined with silk in J) S
; > ~^ r ' different combinations. Our star offer- O K/. g
One Item About Ladies' Muslin Underwear. |
. l/OIE FULLER DRAWERS, made of the best soft bleached mus- M
lin, trimmed with a. 54-inch wide lawn ruffle, 'finished with fine 8
torchon lace and lace insertion. One of the many star offer- AQr i
ings from this department *t5II» g
IF YOU BUY AT ROSENBERG'S THE PRICES ARE RIGHT. |
LADIES' FLANNELETTE GOW7CS, made of the best striped rf
flannelette. In pink and blue stripe, square yoke effect collar; yoko n
and sleeves trimmed with feather stitched braid; extra wide, fi£s« u
I full length. Our star offering OJL rj
||& ONE OF OUR SURPRISES. I
\§T> « " LADIES' EIDERDOWN SACQUES, made |
Of fine fleeced eiderdown; the whole sacque is R
/»^5t^v^S^\ >crocheted around the edgre with fine split wor- «
/>yi ft VS \ sted, colors — pink, blue, red, lavender: all 7Qr H
M '/A r| R 6 sizes; well made. Our star offering ¦ = *** (i
\Ja Ms We Do Business On the Square. y
V\ . Jpk When we advertise an article you will be sure to B
M>^| get it. Our salespeople will not tell you that it has 0
HOSIERY DEPARTMENT. 1
t LAniE S' LACE EFFECT HOSE, made of extra fin© South Sea M
island cotton, double heels, double toes, full length. When you M
see^ these you will gay wonders will never cease at this tj c d
TRANCR R BARGAIN COUNTER— MARKET - STREET* EX- |1
w^'f /£!?*£,?" sale "^ V* 1 * 9 CHILDREN'S EVERLASTING FAST 1
HIJACK HOSE, all sizes. t Our star offering to-day and to- |Q C a
#"^v . When a Lady Wants to Look Beau- I
fl(MS^ t'ful She Conies to Rosenberg's. |
M|*k|||!||Pv BEAUTIFIERS ARE OUR SPECIALTY. 1
/ je§**S3g|?|« V 600 TARDS LATEST PARISIAN EFFECTS. U
I W^JlvVvm |' nade a " the styles in fancy nets, chenilles and h
\Jtf I & \ rab>*plaln effects, all colors, including black. To- OR r c
dfi._«_i.'_'l y.w iay and to-morrow our star offering price.. •* r *^** 'J
LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS. |
B * Made of the best imported English sateen, finished with a ten- ft
M Inch accordion-pleated flounce, also a dust ruffle; colors lavender, 3
ft magenta, robin egg blue and also black. They are full width and 3
H perfect In every detail, because they are made that way. ci no g
H For to-day and to-morrow's star offering » l3a a
I ilSk MATCHLESS VALUES IN OUR I
1 ' KPT -M& RIBBON DEPARTMENT.
I wl^^l?P 900 ° vard * ALL SILK TAFFETA RIBBON.
H JJsI^JNwTjK&w **° better ribbon made at any price. Comes
H /TYVStv/|i»j In all the newest fall shades. 4H Inches wide.
ra *\'t^k x^ 5>fCf Will be put on sale for Just one-half the |7*»
1 ESr PREPARE
I FOR RAIN!
H Hare you seen the NEW PATENT UMBRELLA, that will
m close or. open by touching a button? The cloth is made of the best H
§f Italian twill, steel rod. steel frame and natural wood handles. u
¦ , Ladies' and gentlemen's sizes. For one of our star of- Ci "yez ¦
Iferings wl.AJ
Sale, O'Farrell Btreet entrance.
LADIES' AND GENTS'- UMBRELLAS— Steel rod covered with ?
extra heavy twill cloth, good and strong natural wood jft- %
handles. Our star offerings
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES.
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, made of invisible checked Eng-
lish serge, plaid lining, double breasted, detachable cape, velvet
collar. We bought them early in the season: that's thaC9 AQ
reason we can offer them for our star offering OA.*tC5
JOE ROSENBERG
816 MARKET STREET.
Running Through to 11 O'Farrell St. Mail Orders Solicited.
. ¦•:*;¦•.* PHELAN BUILDING
• The : "Secret of -Montmere"
is a weird tale that will give
you the "creeps" if you try to
read it when alone in":; the
house late at night. \
Commence it in the 'morn-
ings— for if once begun you '-¦
will have to finish it. It holds
the reader's attention from the
very beginning.
It will be published in next
Sunday's Call.