HOW I BROUGHT 13 CANNIBALS TO SAN FRANCISCO
:->*' • •-.•-¦¦¦•..•.-; ¦•" - ¦ ¦ '• " ¦.-:¦;
as«lgn«jd to have charge* ot th» station
when it should .be established.. .-.;•?•
Matty Island was nt-w.iar.i tou*, ain!
I confess lielt dubious aj t» th« k'nj
of reception that we/Fhould be accordoi
by Its lnha.bltaiits. However, ' I ,' nev^jr
dreamed cf the warm -. welcome which. was
In. store .Jor us. It waa a. welcome -by
1000 natives- In war .nsaj»k.s. ;'¦¦ ¦!: '
It waaas su'dJci* as.a. fiiish of lightning.
Wo were pullinir up in tlie dingy throujjii
smooth water. . So Ciuchcf the island aa
'ay In sight looked qu!< t. Tlicn of a tsuil
!en froni behind tiusties . n.nd trees and
/ouses out aprang an army «f b'.acU me;i. :
They "were in a loobo-inoba, a war
mark aad. a sp«xu. Thesa niaska ar« lha
most hideous ..things conceivable. Mudo
o( wood and cloth and painted In brilliant
colors, with grolesque features, their
wearers are v£rl tabled bopie-inen. Thj
eyes are raudc;cf fom»- 'brilllactay colored
etone and they g;itter fiercely. • Great ears
of red .doth Suivca tiii si 2 a rya.
from K«w Britain, others^ from N«w Iw
land and the black on«» from th« tarsxt
Solomon Islands. Not a m&n axaon? th*xa
has not feasted upon human flesh. Tn*
islands in which w* tru.2* ax* smauia*
cannibal Islands.
These men tell m* that wMt«» ar* not
considered the relish that w« are aocus
tomeJ to think ourselves. On tfcs- con
trary-, their own neighbors ar« the Bel
gian hare and frogs' legs of their man a.
We are too salty, they say. We are good
plain food, however, and msJce an agT**>
able variety now and then.
I have often seen ports of humaa arms
and legs cut ready to • be cooked. In
this way they are roasted over hot stones.
A man-bake is carried on Za th» islands
xpuch as' we would conduct a clam-bakew
Poor nlgpersr Remtnafcer, they don't
know aw better. It Is haM to believe
such ghoulish fact* of somo of thes* w»ll
behaved fellows. There i» Toblam. for ta
61ante. He bears a title, belnr no less •>
Tb«pa Is a charred and broken after ralJf
• to mho. f tor thefieht." It was hot for a.
few minutes. But these ravages knew
thfi white man's power better than most
and they dreaded the white' man's
vengrar.ee.' So they fled .when we landed.-
foresaw our ancer we learned
.later on. .-•,.. .^. --- •
As v.-e passed up th» shore on the way
to Matzke's statlo-n. where we hoped t«
f!nd him, we came upon ah ugly sisrht.
A ehallcw pit had been, du?r and lined
v,lth gtones. . Theaa - v-'t-re not yet cool
. from the flre of tha barbecue. Near by lay
JIutzlse's bones and th< :s»s of several nv
tlves^who had t-oun his faithful employes. ;
'We recognized. them. by. bits of Uulr clot2i»-
In? strewn around. -,
Tb« -bones wers picked ol«aa»
.The' cajinlbals wer* right whtai thmy
counted upon our vengeanc*. It-was all
that filled our mtnds from the tlmo we
discovered those remains of (h* feast and
the empty station.
I found that a Oerman cruiser was to
port In the Caroline Islands, ami her cap
tain was willing to help me. Together
we sailed for Komull to punish the people
as they deserved.'
Flrst the cruiser opened flr*. Shot and
shell burst upon the frjghtjned men and
1C0 : natives fell under the attack. 8om«
endeavored madly to keep up a bluff of
bravory by hurling spears toward our ves r
sels and shouting In the midst of a wild
war-danc«. It was r pitiable pretens-s.
A shell' bursting upon the dance tilled
every man.
' Our wrath was not yet vented. Somo
of us landed and continued our destrucx
tlon. One hundred a^id wiijhty vlllis-t"
¦were .licked up by the flames we startHd.
Perhaps that seems too terrible a punlan-
meat Ton wi5» rta4 this do not knoir
those people.* They nut be governed by
fear, and unless they think of tho whlt»»
as dread avengers they will slay them.
It I* from lucla n eoDls u Uiasa that j
y«rs«a than Prlnea TofcUm, tva «f Tan**
alils, chief of th« island cf ilatupi. To
blazu is a good boy. and Z hop* n* will
learn to like roast beef . better tli*a, P'M
fallow maa— thai Uu oa LLa ta.h.T^ ¦.
1 1 \ had I thought that Matzk* would eoau
to meet us. I went ahead, puzzled.
A crash. Mor« crashes.'. From ' hidden
. places . all around came shots Irom rlfieji
that wo, could not s*a
seemed quite willing to let ; !t- b« their last. ,
Th» blackest T men ' I ¦¦ f ound £ tn all ; my
travels were those of the Solomon Islands.
Labore, the big one, la a: Solomon Isl
ander. He Is - tall -and perfectly* propor
tioned, and his. flesh Is like the -polished
wood of a piano, tils ; hair,- is black,*^too,*7
for It has not been bleach«4 with the wash °
: of lime , Juice that Is < fashionable "among
his companions. VLabore Is -splendidly,
strong and a fine worker, but I shouldn't
want hia iil will. , ; .:^ r J ; .
By the way, he wemrs a large collection
. of love tokens. . They , «x» in the . form ? of .
little welts on his chest. ;.• These r are made .
by inflicting: a : tiny: wound and'Clilng^lf.
with poison. .^Tho scax,; nevar disappears,' ',
often outliving, .'• the '/. attachment ' of f the '1
sweetheart I who made it ' . I \ have 1 : noticed
that the* handsoms m*n wear, mor* of -:
these scars than tit* plain oom. ," This may '
b« an accident. ' - . , -!.'"¦¦ ' "' . '.
The natives of the Admiralty. Island* i
are the only'onet whom Meft professedly '
hostile to m: lh~ sptt« of - all " the \ skip- 'X
mJshes and , genuine " battles that : were';
r ought I, left all the swarthy people In
TT Ail cot s.fraid of tn» number "18," and
i I thluk csjm*baJs nuJte *-» good tailor*
j[ as wr.y other £tror>s men- So I. have
defied ccr.veatlcnallty and brought my
block crew til the -way from their citlvs
homes in tie South Sea Islands,
You ehould think I would fear ; them T
? rt :*_.;. they do j sometimes cbneiier
whether I would be better. In fricasaes or
t!rr.btles, but I know that they wllJnever
Co further thaa the'consiacratlon.'E%'eQ
cut ia mldoceR.n, where we white men oa
the veeeel wer« only eTx to thirteea eav
tcts, and where ro help could be
upon. I never feared. The crew 1$ from
the 'elands which we of civilization hay*
brought to subjsctlon by means ¦•' of the
blxck art cf the Manser. ..They leaitied
bclore tfcey ever left their Island that we
ore to be feared. They had It 80 ; '.thoiv
oucMy drilled Into them that only an.ocr'
cjislonaJ relierailon cf the fact is needed
to Kiaiataln perfect Clsclpllce. •¦.".• ; . : ;-'j- ' '
Some cf these nea have beta with m»
for two years, eome only a few months.
All are coed sailers and Trerth : having on
any vessel.
Tou may be sure I have not gathered
th!s crew and the cargo I bring here with
out many adventures.
5Iy schooner, the Htt'.e Mascotte. Is only
three years old. Look at her bullet holes
end you would think her a' veteran. She
5s scarred from Etem to stern. The can
n'b&l Islands c^ar New Guinea are not al
ways hospitable.
Three years ego the schooner waa
launched from Eenlcla and sent Immedi
ately to South Pacific waters under Cap
tsJn Bwartiiig. He cied noon after reach
,':.S ihc Islands. Perhaps the climate was
to blame, perhaps nat. It Is scraetlmes
hard upen newcomers, although to those
uho stay lonar enough to grow accustomed
to It It necrss lite a. paradise on earth.
Afier liis death I took the vessel. Then
commenced the rnofct*Virrine two years
that I have ever sp«a.t.
HerasijcJrn & Co.. a German firm, otv-a
the llascqtte, and her headquarters wero
made et Uctupl, In the New Britain Isl
ands. Fr»jm there she has cruised about
tmons the thirty trading- stations that
the firm ovms near New Guinea. She haa
ratabllsl'itd a new Etatlon here, has taken
In produce there and has been In hot
v.ater with the treacherous natives most
of the t!me.
The ':.-;, of these Islands do not speak
a language that we can understand, but
v.'t tpetdi one for their ears. It Is the lan
guage of the Mauser. . There is no other
¦way of communicating with them. They
*re fierce, treacherous, greedy.
Every little while I had a skirmish; It
was no uncommon thine to approach an
Island and be greeted by a shower of
erxears euch as thes« that I hare brought
back. They are • Interesting eouvenJrs
now. but then I couldn't look at them In
that way. The fiercest attack occurred
las,t summer, end nothing but tb« natives*
ignorar.ee cf bullets caved us. If they
had ev/;r heard the sound of a gun before
tiiey might have held out against us, for
, r . e were °-y * Uttl« dlngys cr«w and
they were 2030 «tron«r "*""
Last summer my oilers came to take
Sh a TifVv MaUy Iilan<1 ««'«t*b
firs ss^rs xrsx-ns :
to add ar.other to the ccmpEry*. list of
itttf on. which gather and shg ton. npon
tons of precious tropical products. Two
*** w«t wiux o«. xaey wex. tbo mea .
Imagine 8000 of th«* tlack figure* rutt
ing; down to meet one little dingy- Im
agine 8000 spears aimed at th« men In the
dingy. There was only one chance for ua,
&nd that chance lay In shooting. ,
What our few ritles could do against
that army of spears seemed little enough.
It was only In desperation that we fired.
Bang-! It was the first bullet and "It
struck. A man fell. His great, ehiny
black body rolled over on the ehore'and
lay stli! as an ebony log. The result was
like magic
The men baited In. terror. They looked
at their dead comrade, slain by a flash
and a puff of smoke; struck down by a
hand from heaven, perhaps. To them we
were ; wizards, who had conjured up a
mysterious slayer that they could not
tee.
They stood still a moment, In the silence
of complete • terror. Then, without
a. dlseenter. the ' entire 2000 turned and
fled, whither we did not care to follow.
We pelted'a few more shots after them,
just to emphasize the first, and five dead
*a.vagea ' were left: behind In the Matty;
people's flight. We thought best Just. then*
not to push the acquaintance, but a few
weeks later we returned In larger num
bers and had llttls' trouble, in starting! a
trading post. ' The natives had had - their '
first experienc* vita ahootln* - and -. ihty
. good behavior, except open thi* A4raA»
: ; raltyj. '.. They : mi.fi they v will". eat , m« J it * I
• ever "; return. ; I ; am t going there * on \ ray
next voyage, however, ami I don't ezpeoi
to be eerved up at an- Admiralty banquet,
'•'either.-.: ." : ; ¦¦. ;:,'¦-?- ¦ -'/¦¦ - ' ; ¦; .,""•;::
The,, feud • between ; them aad iu7.da.tc*
.baclito^the death of- Msttuko. : • .
¦ ; ; ; Matrke : wag ; dn^a^ent^of : thW Herri'ahlem*
¦ Company^ He ; iised Ho' gather 'copra at 'a'
produce station and - ship >' It *¦ to i Germany.^
- X few^ months " ago I received ' word - to . gro '
to his station < on _,¦! the Island of : Komull *
s ind?taie r a v 'carlo<a(!* of * the product f from,'
. hlmi Th« mission sounded slmpU
As .; I drew near Komull': I noticed that -"¦
•verythln g was to bt seen.";mltted ion« horrible crime. I rums I nan
a rie;lit to marry anybody I pleaned. It is
just now that 1 am able to go about" with
any degree of comfort. How people did
stare; they haven't entirely got over
it yet.
Oh. the biggest joke of all li" when I_ •
chaperon sister. Ycu know she !b several
yeom older than I, but I KO to the college
flanccf and to the theaters with her. the :
U. C. boys are a Jolly jet, 1 think. Can |
you think of me te.lng a sedate, dignified
chap? Well. -I am. I »ometlmes eurpriso
myself.
But all was not rmobth palling «t first, -
I assure you. My great struggle was
about our home. I nlmply refused to .11 vn
in the old shanty on Eishth street. ' Have :
you ever seen the ln*lde'of it? If you
had you wouldn't blame me. Oh, my, oh, ¦
my, what a time 1 did have about It. '\
_ It was 30 <llrty that, when Mm. Board
man Xo. 2 dlc.1 It' took oil tho neighbors
tv.o whole <3ayx to clean up the froi:t "
loom and hall, in crdorto make thlngj
half way respectable. - Boardv lived .In '
that hoti»«e for year*, and he couldn't Bee :
why. I didn't want to go there. He sal J
h« wouljl clean and paint it. put in the
broken wlndown, fix Ihi? , fence and get "
some new furniture.
Hcavcwi, 1 am'«o big that I couldn't get. ¦
through the hnll without poln^f nidewire, -
mo you can imajrinethe sixe of the pine*-.
The grounds 'were a mass of oversrown ; \
trees and weed?, and the fence -was about
three t*et high, that f», where the boan'K !
stood up. Most cf it tumbled down and :
was u?«fd for firewood.: Anything to sav*;
a quarter, you Know. I'm bo clad I have;:
that much more to upend now.. See!
Then 'I canfentefl and commenced to-'
.buy furniture, lace curtains and carpetn. •
Cut force of halit caused Mr. D. to giv^
the plate a lick . and a. promi3e.. That.'
.didn't su't me and there vrai trouble right' •
av.ay quick. .'..":. ' , : : :
' After two days' planning 1 was qult»j
sure that I would be lonely, because, yo»* :
• ' ; - • • . • • - '
1 like things'. to match.. WLat was th.;
u*e of having a pretty hnnie If I didn't
have suitable cTothes to wear in It? None
.that- 1 -could see.- ' So I have been acting
on\. that' principle ever since.
How do you like this tailor suit? Sup
pose you -saw In the paper wfcere I wore
la. swell gown, over to court. This Is the
one. Over to that Ellrabcth Gladstone
case. I only went because I didn't want
people to say I was neglecting my hus
band. No fair laughing. -
Mr. Boardman brought her up here be
fore* tra win married. Wanted to Aoyr
Flatiery, flattery works like a charm,
girls.- If you want anything very badly,
take, my "advice and try It. Breathes there
a Tiian .with .soul. so dead that he cannot
be reached In this way? I doubt it verj'i
very much. •
Proof— New. house, boy. maid and a few
other things besi'lcs.
I ran cook and I like to sometimes, but
I didn't propose to do It all tne time. A
Chinese &oy and a maid were absolutely
essential to my welfare and happlnes?..
Uveryinrng costs. Ooesn't it? Jpa tells
me that "»;omct!;nes with a very grim face.
Ro then" mamma and I commenced to
look at house*, I wouldn't take anything,
for all my life long I have had to put up
with what would meet ma's poclictbook.
y\'Q hnv* it great house oh Castro nor;,
and dl«ln't I. let my fancy run riot. I al
ways snld that If I only had motmy I'd
have n P0*rhy,hom~6. I bought everything
tut I wanted with a flue disregard for
the prlre. a P,oor ma got dreadfully weary.
Soles from one store to another, but I am
KutiRtlcu" that my house Is Just as well
furnished as many of the swells.
eee, Mr. Bcardman goes to the city every
day on business. There I would be in a
strange house all alone. After thinking
It nil over. I decided it would bo much
better and more satisfactory in all re-
BpcctB to live With mamma. Then
the who If! family pointed out to him
wherein he would be more comfortable
and how much more homelike It would be
Water constantly dropping on a stono
wears it away, you know, and eventually
Bonrcly gave in. but with not a very good
grace..,,; ;
ft WAS f Ick r.nd Fta.yed out of Bcho»3l for
|| two -weeks and lost some *"exs" In
11 "math" and Latin. In consequence I
had to make It up In vacation, and I
didn't want to Fiwnd my tlm« In cram
ming. Tou know all aijout Jt. Mr. Board
man had been bothering mamma for sev
eral 1 months before this time. He wanted
me to marry him; but we all considered Jt
as a liuc-h jnj«h. •
"Well, one flay .when I won making a
chocolate cake,- mamma accidentally
threw the chocolate out and I wan Elm
ply furious.- I said, that settles Jt, I'll
marry Bonrdman and g-o e»icre I won't
have to be bothered making my own cake
and I'll get rid'.of school and th*> horrid
"exF."
So I trit;<3 td. W*iat a funny time we had
about ft. The ci<»rk wouldn't l?»ue a li
cence tintJI mamma went wJth u« and gnve
her consent. You see I wasn't of. aijo. The
xniniPtcr preached and preached, but for
once I was determined, and after ever to
much fusBlnir and fuming I wan Mrs.
Josi-ph Boardroan..
• Then came the reporter*, a whole raft
of them. Not much. 1 wouldn't *« them.
After suyiCK shp wouldn't about n hun
dred times, mamma iinnliy gave them a
picture of me. becaune o» lonv as one -wan
going In -the pnjifr, I wonted a pood one.
The night after I wus married. Mr.
iEoardman. iis-kod me what I wanted to Co.
and I fald that 1 wanted to nee the show
at th<» Orpheum. So over we went. I'll
never forget that night as iui.it ur I live.
I -ai<in'U tlrf-am -that people would take
such an Intcrof-t In one small girl. W'h^n
we: wrnt ; down the aisle «ompbody said.
"Bet. 'here comes the bride arid groom,"
and every one w «iaed to hear him. x , The
whole hoiihe stared, grinned and bobbed.
Jt "was pei fectly horrid. ,
\Vfcy, ever}body acted as If I had com-
(C S~^ OME on, girls, and have
\^y a time with me. I've got
money to burn."
Blanche Walhcr Boardmaifivas
'talking to some of her wJtilpm High
School mates. She is the girl tvIic
married more than a year ago bc
cause marriage zvould spare her
tJw trials of making chocolate cake.
Now she orders her chocolate cakes
from the caterers — all because she
married a millionaire. She doesn't
care if Joseph Boardman is old;
he's a millionaire all the same.
"Don't you care hoiv much any
thing costs," she says to the girls.
"I haze everything I want. There
are only two of us, and I am sure
Joe has enough to last us as long
as cither of us will have any use
for it. To be sure I'm only 18, but
the bank account is long." .
Here is her story of hozv it all
happened.
Happy? Of course I am. I have every
thing on earth to make me so. Every
whim is gratified; unless- it takes me too
far away— to Honolulu for Instance. To
be" sure, Mr. BOardman la not aa.yoiir-SV
as he might be, but he la kindness U&n
to me, and- 1 would bo a very queer girl l£
I was not perfectly contented and happy.
Money? Money makes the world so
around; isn't it illustrated every day?
Didn't I tell yoa I had money to bual
IIo is a matinee fiend. Goes every "Wed
nesday and Saturday regularly. Any
thing that could keep him home from ona
of these amusements would be ot great
Importance, and then he would be as dis
appointed as a child deprived of a prom
ised pleasure. It is hard for him to get
about at nisht. so I compromise with
him. If I .to in the afternoon he lets nja
go with mamma or sister In the evening.
Jealous! Did you ever hear of an old
man who had a young wife who wasn't?
Jealous, yes. desperately so. I was crazy
to go to Honolulu this summer, but ha
couldn't bear to let me go so far away.
"Too much water: too many miles; too
many young men." he said. As If they
would be interested in an , old married
woman! No amount of flattery, coaxing
or any other old thing could budge him.
I am a busy woman. I practice, prac
tice, practice. I take vocal, instrumental
and music lessons also on the violin.
Mamma attends to the house, so when I
am net at my music 'I am either visiting:
or- shopping. All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy. Then, too. I go with
Mr. Ecardma.i.
But Boardy is usually as meek as a
lamb. He's a well-trained husband, don't
you know. >Ie certainty ought to b«. as
I am his th'rd wife. Still he was what
you might call close with the other two.
Between you and me and the gatepost, I
don't believe they had more than the- ab
solute Tiecessaries of life. I hardly think
either one of them would rest easy If,
they knew what a good time I am having,
when they worked so hard to receive giM
little. But. you see. I'm young, and I aid
sure he takes pride In seeing me better
dressed than the wamen about me. Then
there was so much notoriety and curiosity
connected with our entire family, you
know. . ¦¦* "
After that he never said a word. Gav«
me a $400 sealskin Jacket a few days later
for being nice to him. There is nothing
like knowing how to get around one's
husband, particularly when you want an
imported gown, hat, shoes and a few
other trifles, all at once and in a great
hurry. Fortunately. I get a good sized
monthly allowance, so I don't havs to
charge everything.
When we were first married I had to
ask Mr. B. for money; but ho did not
pive me -enough.* So one- day he told me
to get anything I wanted and have tha
bili sent to him. "When the first bill of
JU)O came In he said: " 'Bright Eyes/ you
are the dearest wife I have ever had."
Needless to say, I took it the other way
from what he meant, and told him how
glad I was that he thought so. '
me off. Mrs. Gladstone actually congrat
ulated me. and said she knew I could
mako him. happy, because Joe was for
ever telling her about his "Blight Eye*.**
That's hl3 pet name for me, you know.
A week after we were married she com
menced suit for breach of promise. But
wo nre fighting it now, and this tima I
am not goJr.g over to face a curious
crowd.
But to go back to my starting point.
I am crazy about silk skirts. Paid $23
for a red ore yesterday; 1 really didn't
r.eed it, but I wanted !t. and -what I want
these days I usually grt. I have almost
every color. Then, too, all my gowns &rJ
lined with silk. Maybe you think I doirT^
rustle about. I never had much money '
to spend before I was married, but it
takes en amazingly short time to learn.
how.
There Is only one thins that I am touchy
about— my laundry bills. Don't ever men
tion them, please. This is the one thing
that causes a dispute In our -family. '
HOW IT FEELS TO HAVE MONEY TO BURN
THE SUNDAY CAJLL.
23
THE SUNDAY CALL.
M!eb Susie McEwen, the president of the
Doctor's Daughters, and Mrs. Alfred
Tubbs, the treasurer, are attending to the
And such an array of girls as she will
have hack of her — Olive Holbrook. Ber
nice Drown. MlS3 Simpson, Helen Wag
ner, Charlotte Ellllnwood, Miss Salisbury
and Chenotte Flc!d. Who could refuse a
ci:j> of tea proffered by or-.e of the^e girls
— even witZiout a stick In if?
There Is Miss Kathryn Dillon, for in
stance, v.-ho It to be director general of
the girls and lead them In a sortie agal- st
the bulging purses of the gilt-edged. Not
that fancy prices are to be charged— the
Doctor's Daughters always "give change."
But Miss Dillon is just the sort of girl
to make the refreshment table a veritable
goM mine. She has persuasive powers
that are irresistible.
fully as many outsiders give their mite
of assistance to make the show a "goS\ ; .V
One of the features of the affair Is the \ ¦
bevy of buds and belles who help receive.
They are always the cynosure of admiring :
eyes as they flit through the crush of .
people In their light gowns. The girls .
chosen to assist this year are especially r.
attractive. ; . ..
v F you want to jsee the sweltest things
11- In dclldom you must be "among those
ii present" at the annual doll show of
the Doctor's Daughter*, to op«n on
December 7. And if you delight in seeing
gorgeous gowns on fair women you'll not
-miss this chance. The waxen beauties In
their Etuznifig gowns are not more fetch-
Ing than the beautiful girls who daintily
serve refreshments.
Ev«ry one of the Doctor's Daughters !s
busier than the busy boo Just now— and
"eo are their cousins and their uncles and
their aunts." Every one Is lending a help
f^'j.g Aland to make this the TJoll show In
the history of affairs of this kind.
There will be all sorts and conditions
of dolls !n all manner of - : gowns — from
the haug-hty grand danu-s 5n war palm
reedy for ball, op^ra or garden party to
the demure little misses in simple linens.
Hut real!y half the j>ecple don't so to
pee the dolls, but to catch a glimpse of
peciety putting its best foot forward to
aid charity^
Ther» are forty Doctor's Daughters, but
.. model dolls, which are sent in by the mo
dlstesand tailors In the hone of carry-Ing
off the blue 'ribbons. In the absence of
-H'ss Jennie- Blair,, who Is an enthusiastic
Doctor's Daughter.. most : of the work of
. getting: the dressmakers to display dolls
has fallen on Miss McEwen.
¦ The model dolls are all to be Judged be
fore -the doors, open for the public. The
wir.ner3.are selected by. the patronesses
of the affair. The ladles upon whom will
devoh'e the right of pinning on the blue
ribbons are: Airs. William Irwln. Mrs.
Clark Crocker, Mrs. William Fuller. Mrs.
Eleanor. Martin, Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs.
Henry Payot, Mrs. Henry Crocker and
Mrs. J. Downey Harvey.
There la to be a dollhouse such as never
before gladdened bright round childish
eyes. It Is a huge affair, on which car
penters and paper hangers have been
¦working many days. Not the usual "dry
goods box" dollhouse. but one with an
artistic exterior designed by a "really
truly" architect. The Inside of that house
. Is fine enough to suit,the most fastidious
doll that ever came over from Paris, and
to mak«* the owner the envy of all the
children these many miles around.
It is as complete in detail as a modern
brownstone with all the up-to-date mod
ern Improvements. There Is a miniature
telephone, so that dolly can know th*«
pleasure of saving- "hello" to her friends.
Electric buttons are there ready to pres*
at rny lady's pleasure. Tiny Incandescent
globes light up this doll mansion. Th»>
bathroom Is a gem In shiny porcelain and
tiling- In fact the house has everything
from a chafing dish to a laundry. Mrs.
I. Stow Ballard, Mrs. John Flournoy and
Miss Louise Bruce have 'scoured the city
over for the furnishings of this doll pal
ace. From Europe and New York Miss
Jennie Blair ha3 sent on things to raaka
It a joy forever to the most exacting
younpr miss who ever gave peremptory
orders to Santa Claus.
For those who like- simple* Inexpensive
dollies there will be a tableful, presided
over by Mrs. Frank D. Bate3 and Mrs. E.
H. Horton. They are the kind of dolls
¦who do not flaunt any "touch-me-not"
signs. They aro made to be kissed, cod
dled and fussed over and are not even
above the dignity of a wholesome spank
ing."
This will probably be the last doll show
the Doctor's Daughters will give, so tha
ladies Intend to make It the red-letter one.
SOCIETY
WOMEN AT THE DOLL
SHOW...
THE DOLL
SHOWvolmna is plentifully illustrate*!, and the 1
typographical appearance Is notable.
(Published by Llttls. Brown & Co.. Bos
ton. Pric© Jl Ba) v
fold. The cards are inclosed in an ele
gantly embossed envelope and the whola
put In a neat paper box. Embracing as
they do th© best thought of such master
minds as Matthew Arnold. Reglna E. "Wil-
Italian Cities.
The Scribners have recently brc-txght ont
In two volumes the writings of Edwin
Howland Blashfleld and Evangellna Wll
bpur Blashfleld - on "Italian Cities." No
persons could be better qualified by travel
and association to. write upon such a sub
ject. They have the peculiar knack, gen
erally so rare, 6f making the reader see
as with his own eyes thess gems of art
and'. architecture of the ¦ southern cllms.
In volume one the authors take Ravenna,
with its rich mosaics and sculpture; Siena
and the Palazzo Pubblico. the annual fes
tival, the primitive painters, tbe Sienese
School of Painting, its cathedral: they
devote a chapter to "The Florentine Art
ist." and yet another to "In Florence with
Romola"; and then two chapters to Par
ma, the ducal city and Corregglo.*. In vol
ume two they consider # Perugia and the
Griffin's Brood, Cortona and the Daugh
ters of Santa Marsherlta, Spoleto, As
eisl, Raphael In Rome and other frescoes
In the Stanre of the Vatican; Florentine
sketches, tho Age of Preparation, and fin
ally Mantua, the ducal city, the Reggia
and Mantegna. (Published by Charles
Scribner'a Sons, New Tork. Price, in two
volumes, $4,) ;"
ion, Emily Dickinson. William Henry
Channing. Edward Howard Grigga. Wash
ington Irving. Robert Louis Stevenson
and "The Worldly Wisdom of "Noureddln
All," from the "Arabian Nights." thes*
leaflets cannot fall to attract the holiday
lovers of the best In art and literature.
(Published by Elder & Shepard, San Fran
cisco. Price Jl.)
— - —^
Literary Notes
**The Christmas Angel," Katharln*
Pyle's charming new book for children.
Is in its second edition.
The Continental Publishing" Company
has in hand for early publication a col-
lection of Mrs. Atherton's best short
stories of the old days in California. Scm*
of them appeared in the magazines an<3
added greatly to her literary reputatiqj^
"The Splendid Idle Forties" is to b» th*.
title of this book.
One of the features of the Christmas St.
Nicholas will b« a story by Bertha Run
kle, the only short story ever publlshe*
by the author of "The H«lmet of Na
varre." The seer.© Is laid in England in
the time of Henry V.. and the titl» f»
"The Sorcery of Hal the Wheelwright."
A true story of "Christmas on the May-
Tbe Friendly Year.
In choosing and arranging h!s selections
from" the varied works of Henry Van
Dyke, giving to each day some passage
from that author's stories, essays, crlti- ,
cism or poetry which would be most apt
and helpful. George Sidney 'Webster has
done his work most carefully and con
?.cientiously. lilt* little volume "The
Friendly Year" will make an excellent
companion, with Its lofty thought set
forth for each day of the coming year.
Mr. Webster 'says In his introduction:
"In making this little year-book of se
lections, the suggestion of which is entire
ly my own, I have not sought to illustrate
literary qualities so much as to bring
tkf" dominant note of human friendliness^
and comradeship, which runs through the
writings of an author who knows books.
well but who cares more for people."
Mr. Webster chooses for January 1 the
following little stanza, which It might ba
¦well for all to take to heart:
Four things a n:an must learn to do
If he would make his record true:
To think without confuaien clearly:
To love his fellow men sincerely:
- To set "from honest motives purely i
Tt> trust in God and heaven securely.
Atwood's Pictures
The too brief career of Francis Gilbert
Attwood has been carefully watched by
those interested In satirical and humorous
art, and his death at an early nge has left
a vacancy without a successor. Mr. Att
wood's best -work was done In recording
from month to month in dainty yet force
ful vignettes the most strikln- events of
contemporaneous! history." Tnls was done
without any idea of. their having any bur
a passing Interest. Gathered together,
however, they put in attractive form a
pictorial history of ten years of tho
w'orld's doings which Is most unique. Had
Mr. Attwood worked on a little broader
lines he might well have been considered
the John Leech of America. As it is, his
work, though less striking, possesses more
humor' and an equal appreciation of the
pictorial value of : passing events. The
present collection, "An Artist's History of
the Last Ten Years of the Nineteenth
Century," makes a luxurious book, taste
fully bound in cloth and gold. It is also
carefully printed on heavy paper. (Pub
lished by Life Publishing Company, New
York. Price $3.)
Poetry and Morals
A story, or verse containing an appro
priate and striking illustration of a moral
truth Is the pleasantest and surest me
dium for enforcing a character lesson.
Such an illustration arouses the attention,
stimulates the interest and causes convic
tion. In "Poetry and Morals." by Louis
Albert Banks. D. X>.. the author's skill In
stating and illustrating familiar truths In
an impressive and winning manner and
securing the animated. Interest of the read
er is strikingly; evidenced. The author has
arranged several hundred simple truths In
paragraphs appropriately headed in full
face type. The truths are explained in a
few terse sentences, and then verses, en
tire poems or prcse selections having di
rect bearing on thy truth are added, form
ing a perfect storehouse of suggestive ma
terial for the preacher and writer. (Pub
lished by Funk & Wagnalls Company,
New York. Price. Jl 50.)
A Trip to the Orient
Christine Collbran, a young lady of six
teen, has written quite an Interesting ac
count of her trip to the Orient and around
the world. Miss Collbran sees everything
with the bright eyes of 'you' and has a
very happy and direct way of putting her
thoughts on paper. The book Is easy
reading and contains a vast amount of
Information served in such a way that It
will Interest young readers. The sights of
Japan and Korea are covered quite fully
and the illustrations from photographs
prove no small addition to the text. (Pub«
lished by Rand. McNally & Co. New
York. Price U 25.)
A Squjrrel Calendar.
The Dodge Stationery Company of San
Francisco are to the fore this year with
something quite odd in the way of. a cal
endar— something that will" make o»r
Eastern cousins wonder. It is a calendar
in black and white with the cutest Htt!e
gray squirrel on one side that you ever
saw. The unique feature of the card is
that the squirrel has for its body and
tall the skin and tail of a one-time lively
California squirrel, which makes it look
as natural as life. Rather hard on the
squirrels, but artistically, it is certainly a
great success. They have also published
a very attractive little desk calendar
"California Rose Buds," which consists of
four soft brown card board leaves, each
one of which, has a hand painted water
color medallion on it. tn addition to the
calendar of the months stamped in whita
with a steel die. (Squirrel Calendar, Jl 25.
Rose Buds Calendar,. 75c.)
Tb'e.Dqy Dreari).
There has just been Issued' a very taste
ful';;--'little volume containing Alfred
Tennyson's /"The. Day Dream." H will
make a charming Christmas present for
those who wish to give a little remem
brance of small cost but great artistic
merit, for the poem has been elaborately
Illustrated by Amelia Bauerle. The artist
deserves '. more than passing mention for
the grace and. correctness of her draw
ings. (Published by John Lane, Xew
York. Price 50 cents.)
Ideals.
Elder & Shepard, b" a happy thought,
are publishing on heavy board the supple
ments which havo helped make their
charming magazine "Impressions" so pop
ular. These consist; of eight cards of
VIdeala" or "Thoughts of Great Minds for
Life's .Conduct"— all typographically per
fect' and printed in rich reds, blacks and
flower" Is told by Elizabeth Cady Stanton.
Durlnir the past two weeks The Mae
millan Company has published four notp
worthy novels. "In the Palace of th.3
Kins." by F. Marion Crawford; "R'.charl
Kay and Yea." by Maurice Hewlett:
"Who Goes There?" b;.- B. K. Benson, and
"The Hosts of the Lord," by Flora Anm»
Steel. ' Tho first four ran into a secon 3
large edition on the day of publication
and the fifth Into a second edition wltJUrj
a week of issue.
One of the most extraordinary yet per
manent successes of contemporary liter
ature was that made by Anthony Hopa
In the "Dolly Dialogues." America an4
England alike rejoiced in the refined and
? ubtlo humor, the clear Insight, the per
vasive human interest of these conver&a
tloris. McCluns's Magazine for December
will contain the first in a series of "Mora
Dolly Dialogues." In which all the char=»
of the earlier work is said to be continue^.
Maurice Thompson's story of American
life, "Alice of Old VIncennea," ia now sell
ing at the rate of 3500 copies a <1ay. From
Canada came an order for 10.0GO copies, a
very unusual one ', from the Dominion.
where the sale of books is necessarily
limited. A fortnight after publication
40,000 copies of the book had been sold.
It 13 now a brief month after publication
and the book is entering upon Its 70,000,
and from present Indications it seems
destined to be one of the "big sellers" of
the season. ,
In the December Delineator are tvrz
Christmas stories by well-known authors.
One a negro story by Paul Laurence Dur.
bar. the colored protege of William Dean.
Howells. entitled '"One Christmas at
Shlloh." It tells of the hqme-comlngr of
a reformed negro, and Is very touching.
The other by Eeulah Marie Dix.wbo ha*
dated, her story In Colonial times and en
titles it "In the Reign of Peggy-" Kern
ble illustrates Dunbar's story with sonri
of hla famous negro faces, and F. M.
Arnold Illustrates the Colonial atory.
Books Received
RICHAHD TEA AN'D N'AT— Ey Jlauric*
Hewlett. Tbe Macmlllan Company. New York.
{1 50.
SONGS OK ALL. THE COLLEGES-Comp!l»4
and arrangei by David B. Chamberlala (Har
vard) and Karl P. Harrtnston (Wesleyan).
Hinds * Noble. New Tork. Jl 50.
JOHX WBSLET- By Frank BanSeld. , Sran jJ
Maynard & Co.. Boston. 73 cents. ' ""^
JAMES FENIMORB COOPER—By W. B.
Ehubrick CHytner. Small. Maynard &. Co.. Bo»-
H l. ij cents. .¦;-: > ¦'<_
CRITO AN'D PHAEDO— Plato. Cassell' » Na
tloral Library. New York. In paper, 10 ant*.
WIT AJS'D WISDOM OP THE TALMUD—
Edited by Madison C. Peters. The. Baker A
Taylor Company. New Tork. Jl.
TRUE BEAR STORIES— By Joaquln Allller.
Eand McNalJy & Co.. Chicago. $1 S>.
FOR THE HONOR OF THE SCHOOU-Br
Ralph Henry Barbour. D. Appleioa St Ox.
Ntw Torlc II 5<y.
REUBEN JAME3 — By Cyras To-wns«na
Erady. D. Appleton & Co.. New York. U
THE FRIEXDL.Y TEAR— Chosen and ar
ranged from th» works of Henry Van Pyk-—
By QeoTBa Sidney W^ebster. ScrHmer"*
Sons, New York. Jl 23.
FORWARD MOVEMENTS OF THE LAST
HAU CENTURY— By Arthur T. Plerson,
Funk & Waenalls Company. New Tork. U SO.
SISTER'S VOCATION and Other Girls' Stor
i«t—By Jotephla* Dodff9 Daskam. Charles
8crlbn«r'» Sons. New York. $1 25.
FOUl'KT AND MOTtALS— By Louts Albert
Banks. D.D. Funk. & Wasnalls Company.
New York. U M.
ITALIAN CITIES— By Edwin Howland Blash
fleld and EracieHne Wllbour Blashfleld.
Charles 8crtbner"s Son*. New Tortc. Two tc»
"Tn'and around the grand canyon-
By George Wharton James. Little. Erown &
Co.. Boston. $3.
AFTERGIXJW— t^ater Poems by Julta C. R.
Dorr. Charles «cribner's Sons, New York. $1 23.
IN THE PALACE OF THE KING-Cy F.
Marlon Crawford. The Macmlllan Company,
New Tork. $1 50.
IN THE DAYS OK JEFFERSON— By nexe
ktah Butterworth. D. Appletoa & Co..
York. $150.- • "37
FOSTER'S BRIDGE MANUAL-By R. B<
Foster. Brentano's. N«w York. II 25.
HOME FOLKS— By James Whtteomb Rlley.
Th« Bowen-Merrill Company. Indianapolis.
THE CONSCIENCE OF COItALIE-By F.
Frankfort Moor*. Herbert S. Stone & Co..
Chicago. $t 30.
THE FORTUNE OF A DAT-By Grace El
lery Channinj. Herbert S. Stone 4 Co.. CM
'"urrTLE LORDS OF CREATION-By H. A.
Keavs. Herbert S. Stone & Co.. Chicago, tl ~>.
A SOUL IN BRONZE-By Constance God.lanl
DuboU. Herbert S. Stone A Co.. CMca»o *1
SOME PLAYERS-Cy Amy Leslie. Herbert
By^'RS" F. M. Buckles & Co.. New York.
P ?HE*I WAKENING 'OF NOAHVILLE-By
FrankUnH North. G. W. Dllllngluun Com-
L^v Vew York. In paP«>-. 60 cent.
Boll King. Herbert S.
"nT g. co . Chicago. U 1>-
Rl'bAIYAT OF OMAR KHAYYAM—Ren
dered into Ensltsh verse by Edward FlUGer-
Id With drawlnjs by Florence Luadborff.
noxey"* New York.
MY NEW CURATE-By tbe Rev. r. A. Shee
h . p p, Marlier & Co.. Boston. $1 SO.
THE CHINAMAN AS WE SEE HIM-Dy
Rev. Ira M. Condlt. D.D. Fleming H. Revell
Company. Chicago.
JOHNSONS LIVES OF THE POETS— Cas*
•ell'i National Library. . New York. In paper.
D cents. p
NATURE'S MIRACLES— Electricity, am*
Magnetism. By Eliaha Cray, Ph.D., Lt-TX
Fords, Howard & Hulbert. New Tork. 60 d* -=^
PHAETHON— With three other Btorle?sr'.a
verse and a prose contention. ¦ By Henry Abbey.
Styles & Klersted, Kingston.. New York. 7J
cents. ... ". ¦
THE TROPHIES OF HEREI)IA-By Josa
Maria de Here.lU. Translated by Frank Sawail.
BmnlL Maynard Sc. Co.. Boston.
that such & policy was embodied in th»
law of the Hebrews and was practiced
with more or less regularity by the chosen
people for seven centuries. : In the book
the operation of the policy Is worked: out
with considerable detail. The work will
repay reading as a curiosity if for noth
ing: else. ' (Published by J. S. Ogilvie Com
pany, 57 Rose street. New York. Price $!•)
Half Portions:
D., editor of The Mtasionary Review, hli
torlcal records of noteworthy ethical, re
ligious and reform movements during the
past fifty years are Ingeniously presented
in such a way .as to clearly set forth ( the
basio principles ; and incentives for new
and enduring j Christian effort. : It is Im
possible to give a fuir outline /of the con
tents in this brief review, but such topics
as "The Oxford Movement Toward Holi-
we find next to "Where! th« Mookl.nf Bird
Singi", an eesay on "A Poet of th« Poor*'
(Theocritus), and after ' "A Swam>
Beauty" and "In the "WooOa with th»
Bow," a chapter called "Unfler ' aiDog.
wood with Montaigne." And so it ' goes
throughout tb» volume. A glimpse of the
author's Winter Garden is given in "" a
oolored : frontispiece. (Published " by th«
Century Company, New York. Price
$150.) : . •
: "Half Portions" is the unique title of
a handsomely printed and copiously illus
trated book containing fifteen short stor
ies, mainly of society episodes. In res
taurants "half portions"' are served to
orie person only, but these "Half Por
tions!' .are ' set before the -entire .reading
public. Among' the best of the stories .
are VMy Lady of the Veil," by Clay Ar
thur.; Pierce,/ and; "-Her- First .Dinner." by
E. R., both. Illustrated by T. K: Hanria. .
Other artists who have combined to malce
this a very attractive, book are Oliver
IHerford; Allan Gilbert. W. ¦ L. Jacobs. \Vi
H. Hyde and JP. T. RiqhardBi The stories
pf them serious, in tone, but are.
cleverly 1 told and each one provides ade-
Iightfu) way of passing a spare, quarter
of an hour; : (Published , by; the Life Pub
l^hlrsr Ccmpany, !Cew York."- Price 51.25,).
ness." "Keswick Teaching." "The "Revival
of ; the. Prayer Spirit.'.' "The Prayer : Basis
of Mission Work," "The Pentecostal
Movement," "Woman's Work at Home
and Abroad," "Ramabal and the Women
of India." "Organizations of Christian
Young People," "The Problem of City
Evangelization," ,"The Stimulation of Mis
sionary Zeal." "Systematic; Christian
Work Among Soldiers" and "The Growth
of Belief ir> .'Divine Blessing:' " serve to-in
dicate the/wide scope and the practicality
of the volume. To the sociological stu
dent, mlniflter. theological student , or
other, religious ¦worker this latest, contri
bution to the cause of .practical, progres
sive religion Will come, as a most welcome
and helpful contribution. (Published by
Funk & -Waghall* Company. New (York.
Price ?1 B0,> ,".-..: ¦ : ; ¦;" ••.., : - ." '-.
• : Foster's Bridge Manual.
Bridge has already displaced poker and
whist, to a certain extent in the East, al
though to us of the West it is still rather
an unknown quantity. It is said that in
most select societydom of. New York somo
very pretty stakes pass hands In an even
ing's play, although R. F. Foster in his
recently published manual on the grama
tells us that "playing for high stakes, es
pecially if j they approach . too closely to
the limit that one can afford, will do more
to spoil a person's game than/ any thins
else, for no one can do himself justice
either/in his makes or in his play while
he 1b worrying about' the 'amount, he may
lot<e oh tho game." ' Mr. Foster accounts
for the taking: up of certain games and
making them the vogue by "something in
the development of the race, In the. condi
tion "of society or -in the state' of publio
morals,", and claims that "there Is proba
bly no game which so fittingly mirrors
the attitude of the American mind in the
conduct of busineas affairs as bridge."
In his present manual he gives a careful
description of , the game and the various
leads; to : be. considered. It's work seems
to be careful and thorough/ ' Mr. . Foster
Is already well known by his works . on
whist and duplicate whiat. (Published by
Bientano, New York. Price $1 25 ; ' .
Ccns'quc ccs
After "The Bath Comedy" possibly Wn
are inclined to expect a little ton mucli
from Egerton Castle, but hb recent novel.
"Consequences." is not up to hh u^'til
standard. It i« lortfjer than the points- of
his p]ot would sremto warrai.t and i>ar$3
of it are rather loosely hung tos«h?r.
The hero Ik a young EnsHshmai! who
makes the mistake of marrying in .Sp.-nn
a younpr lady of as fiery a -u-mpcr. as his
own. .lie. taken her home to bis own coun
try and finally their disagreement:* cul
minate in her goinp, conliary to his
wlsl-.es, to'a ball. The excilcd and irate
huebsnd then resolve* to take matters in
his own hands and dramatically sever the
;ie which' binds them. He poes for a sail
alone and the boat being puked u;i later
with ho sign of its occupant the natural
conclusion is that he hiisbcen drowi.ed
and the widow Is left to mourn the re
sult of her disobedience. Flu- goe* back
tbi Spain and shortly Ki\'es birtti to -a
son. 'This son inherits much of his father's
dtHposttlonl The return of trt father un
der a dlffert-rit name- ia not verv ciovcvly
done, but j the meeting 1 of father and
son; the "development ;• of their, at'octlon
and the final c"«tablishii:s of . th^'ra'a tinn-
Bhip, ; shows more of tho traater han<l.
(Published by Freiltrlck A. . SiukM Com
pany, New York. Price 51 50.) >- i - : -^
.-iongs of II Colleges
E' 1 ryi >dy ¦oves a good, old, ; rolllckins
Ci.lle'gf sons i'he mere fact that a»'song
hf\s ;ia.-,-.eJ the- fire of college- criticism ia
t.t»fficion r guarantee that it will prove
popular with nine people out of ten. and
ti.'Mi it 13 safe to say that the t?nth one
must/ uo deaf. The jrreat dlMlculty ha<
1-C5!"| t"* irctting ono'usfh " of. them together
In. - > fiV.v?nie:.t form for home amusement
and ! . brlnyinB "them up-to-date, for new
tunes and words arc constantly being
crcuted by the fertile-brained- collegian.
reached Fayal. Her* the Burgeons ln
risted upon amputation, but the captain
was determined. The limb was carefully
packed and after a delay of nearly two
months the ship : continued her voyage
and in due time reached New York. There
a surgical operation was performed, a
piece of bone was cut off and at the end
Of three months the; captain, was about
as well as ever. After a lapse of thirty
five years the veteran seaman walks down
Broadway a's. vigorous arid • :• debonair as
many men his Junior In. yearsi-.XPubllshed
by Frederick A. Stokes Company, New
York, Price $1W.)/ ;; ''..'• "' "-.
Nella; the hjcart of the ;Army,
Philip Vlrrtll . Mtghels Is an American
resident In London, List autumn he con
cei\-ed the novel which' has" Just been
published— "Kella, the Heart of the
Arrriy"--and In which he claims Indirectly
to have BOlved the servant-girl problem.;
He advocates nothing short of the organl
ration of an army of women, an out and
out military, organization, the. sole aim
and object otwhlch is to train. and equip
girls a^-jw^¥K^?tuftttH s !^W'=ftMi<^jpr
labors. He advecates. recruiting, drilling,
uniforming, discipUning. \-u tralninS: ' and
quartering /the frlrl soldiers in -barracks.
His argument Is that ail army would do
as much for girls, to make them smart,
quick, obedient, /reltable arid prompt;..a <
it does for men and boys..' He; .maintain:*
that itfe^^^i^^t^-WO^rndu^w^
for women'to join the "Army: of Indu» :
try" than Uhere is '-..'for: i*i«n to : join : ; th^
natlbn'fs regular: arTiii': .Indeed. : tnVht .
novel he has. worked oiit; a scheme jn;a
manner Vti&x. appear?;; mqi^t.. feasible; - in ¦
slstlhg "always ou nii!ltarl?m to make the
sfcheme.pbssible;. : : .": -..'.-; ¦ . -v". : ¦,->;-•,:-;- ; '¦'.-'. ..:;•• .--'\
AJ>d the business^ t* ,noV a t all one-«idea.
U if; hbt all -.f gf" the : i-ervini? ila5«ei. ; iior.
vet ill^lii' : ..fii"v<j:r'-: of: 'Uie. ¦ employers. ¦¦ White
he insist* that. -the army ¦'.- office:", would prb-i
¦teVt..-Jt«5 : ;-.eoiuier": vrirls from /any and '¦ , nil
abutcs/and glVf them a/ great . many -p ptafr;
itaiicires other outcome* .which are calr
cuiated to Klariden the hetirts of the suf
fering 1 housewives .of the Avprld- - ; Some of
these^ are: That^ the ¦•¦ba]rrac : k8:;-w()uid."be?
cornea great ofnce/^tO "«hlct|i
ernployerR cbuldalways apply, with a cer
tainty . that any • .'help : bbtAined .would be
absoiutely reliable.: steady and competent;
that all help, would: be suitably unifprme;!
and officered; ihaV tbcre would be no su:l
den: ftesortlch?; •' t rint ; ttte .work/, of ••:. -tti%
household " would ¦ become ; r iilled lab-vr,.
(Published by ft- F- . Feiino & 06: » New:
York,/ - Price $125');: : / [: : ;-::- ,;>. .'.:_ ' _-. • ./ .*
The Chi istrn^s , / ngel
"The Christmas Arpel/* written arid il
lustrated by Katharine . Pyie. is .a very
pretty etory for children frdrn 5 .to 12,.
A little pirl named Mary hears* 'about
Kris Kringle and the wonder country
where all the toys are alive, One (lay
nhe finds a v.ttle door in a tree, and open
ing It with a tiny koy she discovers that
It leads to"'Toy Land." In this "NV'onder
Country" her gingerbread girr .become*
alive. Noah walks; and tnlks, the to
roosters crow and the wooden dolls and
Jark-ln-the-boxes do and say very . dig
agreeable things. But all in vain die;
she ask to be taken to Kris Kringle.
The toys are afraid.thatrshe is going tt
tell tales upon them; and : they all look
askance at h^r request, ¦. The farm -toys
lock her up in the barn, and an . old
wooden grandmother doll shuts. her iip ljcj
a box with the Christmas angel, who has
been left there for years. The Christmas
angel and the little girl escape together,
and the angel takes her to fee Km
Kringle. who promises her a "live toy"
the next Christmas. .'. : : ¦'¦¦':¦ ¦ '¦ '¦
Marv starts to return home, wakes up
of -witchcraft, with a beautiful woman for
the witch p.nd a picturesque jetting of
men-at-arrr.s. wreckers, ctorms and ghoft
lights. The "Frozen Marjrit" well exem
plifies the old raying ''that no {rood ever
comes from a person saved from the sea."
It Favors a little of H&r.s Andersen's storv
of "The Snow Queen." Marglt is cant
eshore with a boatload of sailors frozen
to death. She Is the only one brought
hark to life, but it seems that as far as
human sentiment goes her hf-art never
quite gets the ice splinter out of it.
The "Singular Adventure of a Small
Free Trader" Is not particularly good, but
"The Mystery of Joseph Laquedem" com
pensates for it — a metaphysical story fol
lowinsr two lives from the death of Christ
to the present day. "Prisoners of War"
has a delicious touch of humor in it, with
a Mttle of the UsFon of the tortoise and
the hare. "The Lady of the Red Ad
mirals" Ehows just the thread of a pretty
love etory.
"Once Aboard the Lugger" tells of the
wooinsr of a young minister by a fisher
maid, who on pretence of a sick parish
ioner, gets him Into a -sailboat and then
makes love to him. She repents of her
ectior when they reach the shore, but sh3
vi-ins the minister for her husband never
theless, and the respect of the reader as
well. It is rather a daring "sketch, and in
lcrs skillful har.Ss would hnrdly place the
heroine m i happy light. But it is so well
tcld that it makes one of the beat in the
bonk.
"The Pesainc* of John Emmet" eavor«
of the ghostly. Tut h3S its material cxpla
r.ntion. It r;ink3 well with the forceful
Ftories or the. look. The last sketch,
"*\\'hkh?" the author tell3 us, "was sug
gested by a passage in Hawthorne's note
book!?, ¦where he proposes a. story or
Ficetch the scene of which in "to be laid
within the lljjht cf a street lantern; tbe
t!n:e, when the lamp is near going out;
and the catastrophe to be simultaneous
-a-jth tbe last flickering cleam.* " (Pub
lished by Charles Scribner's Sons, New
York. Prtce Jl Wj
_ B. O. LATHROP.
Wen of the YAerchant Service.
Tn this volume Frank T. Bullen, author
5f "The Cruising of the Cachalot." aims
to acquaint 'longshore readers with the
duties c.i thoso "who go down to tho sea
In ships'* for a livelihood. He discusses
the subject' thoroughly and acquaint* us
with the dally life of the commander, of
the n;ate, of the' steward down to the ap
prentice boy." Mr. Bullen is an.English
man and most of his examples are taken
from British ships, though he doc3 not
hcritatc to pay ample justice to the merits
"of the American Bailor as an officer and
a man. In one of the anecdotes he tells
h*». fulls Into an error that needs correc
tion. It relate j to an Incident in the life
of that grand American 3eaman, "Captain
Eurnuols,. who won fame years • ago as
master cf the clipper packet Dreadnaught.
ar.d whose logs, as the London Times once
paid, "read like a book of Homer;" Dur-
Jrjr a heavy jrale tn a voyage across the
Atlantic he was dashed against the bul
¦swsrks with such force that one of his
lc£3 was "broken above the knee. There
was r.o surgeon on board, and mortlflca
tiun having ret i-n, he decided, Mr. Button
rays, to amputate the limb himself, which
he successfully, accomplished. The ac
ccunt given by Captain, Samuels in his
bo-'k. "From the Forecastle to the Cabin,"
corroborates Mr. Bullen so ..far. as . the
fracture is concerned, and the captain
»;iys h-2 had really decided upon cutting
the les off, but his second mate, in whom
h< r!act-d much confidence," induced- him
to pottpone tho operation, and fourteen
dry* i_f tcrward. more dead than alive, he
Mary starts to return home. . wakes up
and discovers that she has been ill. and
that her journey in the toy country ha-?
teen a dream— yet not all a dream— anu
here the writer gives the story a. very
pretty human turn, for the next Christ
mas she does receive a "live toy" in the
shape of a Christmas angel-a little ! baby
brother.
The book is very tastefully bound and
the drawings are cleverly done. (Pub
lished by Little, Brown & Co.. Boston.
Price $1 25.)
The Story of the Heave rjs
This' new and thoroughly revised editlor.
of "Tbe Story of the Heawns." by Sir
Robert Stawail "Ball. LL.D.. D.Sc. Lown
dc-an professor of astronomy in the Uni
versity of Cambridge, is a recognized au
thority on the subject of which it treats.
Thelbook contains twenty-four colored
plates, with numerous text Illustrations.
$00 pages, and is a faithful record oftht
recent discoveries and achievements in the
world of astronomy. The, author, by the
way is a thorough out-of-doors man, and
notwithstanding the upward trend of. his
mlno" and efforts does not live in the
clouds altogether. He is an enthusiastic
golfer and sailor, lives , with 'his family
at Cambridge, and. apo.rt from his regu
lar work as professor of /astronomy . and
geometry at the university,. is a fellow of
every important astronomical society in
Great Britain. He occupies at present the
position of astronomer royal of Ireland.
"The £tory of the Heavens" is ip as great
demand on the Continent' as amons £ng
lish-speakins people, and has gont
through several translations. (Published
by Cassell & Co., Limited, New York.
Price J3M.) _____ ' *V '
Elcroents of SpoRen frcncl).
"Elements of Spoken French" is the tirst
of a scries of handbooks on pronunciation
ba<=ed on phonetic principles by C. V.
Cusachs, B. A. (University of Barcelona),
professor of SpanUh in the L'nited States
Naval Academy, and Maurice N. Kuhn, U.
cs 1* (UtilvcrsiCy of Paris), tutor ol
French in Harvard University. It auns
to supplement the ordinary grammars and
readers now 1 in use, and is no short and
elmple that it can be used by students of
any age. The plan is unique and consists
cf twenty lessons In which all elementary
sounds, after having been analyzed care
fully and accurately, are grouped together
according to phonetic similarities regard
less of spelling. In this way each lesson
Is an exercise in pronunciation and in IU
lustration of a particular sound. ; Follow*
Ing this is o Bhort lesson In reading, in
which the sounds already learned' become
parts of eentencea which relate to every
day life. By this method thp student not
only learns to apeak French und, to speak
it correctly but he acquires a vocabulary
which is very large and which ts possible
in no other way with the '•¦ same effort.
(Published' by the American Book Com
pany, New York. Price cents.)
Our Motion's Need.
There are some books that defy a prop
er classification, and "Our '-Nation's
J«eed," by J. A. Conwell, Is one of them.
It deals with, economic, topics, but -it
treats them in a manner that is a* strange
mixture of a sermon: and a fairy tale.
The book is bo extravagant it is difficult
to treat it seriously, but- the tone is so
sincere it would be rudeness to make light
of it. Every page shows it to.be the earn
est thought of -• an earnest man, and yet
Jt.is .difficult to read-it • ¦.'without > : smiling.
The nation's need, according to the au
thor,, is. to use his own language, a policy
of "divide up- and start even.''- ; He says
"a di\1de up and start even may be revo
lutionary, but. this is no reason why It
should not be adopted." He. points out
JAMES WHITCOMB RILEY.
— ir— HERE w be some uncertainty]
II about the agre of Jarhe». Whltcomb .J
J^ ; Rlley, but there is none about his; s
. genius as a poet. The one. myntery :
of the poet's life fccema to be the dute of
his birth. Riley himself, in this connec- !
Jicn, says he ."was born so. long ago that s';
he persists in neyer referring to tho date."-
His friends put his age at: about 51. . His >
hair is of so light a color thatif. any part '
of it is- touched : with "silver it cannot be ,
noticed. lie j is as spry us ever, and life »,
eeems t(> sit easily 'upon him. Across his <
l.'iccv clean shaven, smiles steal fiuickly (
aiid oft»n; y.nd thernild blue eyes ligh£ up .
and dance with Inushter at .'tiro" slightest ;
provocation. Ueis slow of speech, und
weighs his words thoroughly before ut
tcringithem, and he Is never , at his best '
with strangers. Indeed, the most marked ..^
characteriatic of the poet is ?hynesfc, and I
«;ven now. after years of experience, it la |!
u 'positive- ordeal -for htm to make hlo &p- j
f.i arance oh a public stage. His. nature 1
(a sunny and genial: he has a warm hand- 1
shako forhlK frien % d3, a smile of sy/njvithy]
for thoso who come to him with their Jit-,
tie jlrcubles",' and his * ready charity, is as.
bjoad as it is unostentatious. As he = ap-'
pears now on theetrpets of Indianapolis'
he Is seen to be a man in the fullness of
his powers. ; ¦;; ' [
Since 1SC6 Mr. Riley has not been in the.
public eyeV cxcej.H^Cor an occasional poem'
oh some important occasion. His latent'
book of verse juM published shows,, how-,
tyer,. that he has not bt?en idle during this '¦
Interval. .. . -. , : "¦'.. ' . • •¦-...•
"Home- Folks" farms the introduction to'
Mr. Riley's now book of poems, entitled
"Home-FolkH," published by the Bowen-
Merrill Company, lntUunapolls.; The poem
Is here; printed by permlfB on of the pub
lishers and is fully, protected by copy-
HOME FOLKS
Hqnie"*Folkj!— well that-air name, to me, :
Sounds jis the some as ; i>oetry— ; * * ; .
That is. ef poetry is Jis* ¦ ¦ : . :
As ewect n^ I've hearn tell It is! '
Home-Folks-'they're jis the same as kin-
All brung'up. samoas we have bin, •;' •.
Without no overpowerin' ; sense :-
Of their uncommon consequence! f -
They've bin to ec.hool, but not to git'
The habit fastened on 'em ylt •/; ,".- /
Eo as to ever Interfere • ' /. ¦ '
Whhi other work 'at's waltln' 'here: .
Home-Fojks has crops' to plant a'nd plow', •
Er;lives In' town and keeps eL cow; r ; ' " .'¦ ;
But whether country-Jakes er town," v
They know 'when eggs is up t er dowrj!
La! can't you opot tern— when yoii meet .
'Em anywheres— in field er'stree't? '- ' .
And can't you fee their faces, bright— >.
As circus day, heave into sigh-t?- • v
By James Whitcomb Riley.
¦ •¦. •'¦'.-':¦:•' ¦¦.:./-¦¦¦
And can't you hear their "Mov/dyl" clear
As a brook's chuckle to the ear; , v ' ~\
And allus : find their laujjhln'i eyes •
As fresh and clear as morning skies ?
And can't' you— when they've gone away —
Jis feel 'em shakin' hands all day ? ,
And feel, too, you've been higher raised
By sich a met tin'?— God, be praised!
Oh,, homerfolks! you're the best of all. .
'At ranges this tcrestchul ball—
But north. er. south, 1 er cast'er west,
It'e home is where you're at, your best.
It's home— it's home your : faces' shine;* ¦
Ih-nunder,your own fig and vine— ' .
Yourfambiy and your. neighbors 'bout
Ye, and the latchstring hangin'- out.
Home-Folks— at home-f 1 know o' one
Old feller now'/at halnt pot none—.
Invije him— he may hold back some—
But you invite him, and h«'ll come. ¦
Motfjsr- Goose CooK'ed.
John H. Myrtle , and ; Reginald Rigby
have united in boiling'down the fold ver
sion of. Mother Goose and presenting_ her
again in a, weirdly illustrated volume en
titled "Mother Goose Cooked.". ;LThe color
v work oh th« illustrations., haa'. been car
ried out in' most amazing ireds,t blacks
and greens that "will go : straight > to the
hearts of the little .folk. ;: The rhymes
show the Ingenuity of the author in. bring
ing the matter up-to«date"for modern're
' quirements. • .Witness : the following: ;"•-';•
. -. : Little Jack Cornet, . • .
. \Ya* rude to a- hornet.
That lived in a nest close by:.
' lie put oiit'hl* tongue, ¦ '. ¦ '
. And now, he's been etune
On the. nose, and the mouth, and the ey«! *
The. accompanying picture of Jack; and
the, busy, hornet. Isas ftril of life and ac
; tion as the doggerel. by John
Lane, Kcw York. Price 75 cents.) '
forward. Movements of the Last
;V '• ; ; Half CeQtury.: : '
'.Jn "Forward Movements of/ the Last
; Half-Century," by Arthur T.; PieYsoh, , D.\
My l Winter Cardan.
"..Maurice. Thompson, whose novel, "Alice
of Old Vinccnnes.V has been justly ;con>
sldered one of the -, best ¦> historical ., ror
mariccis of tho year, has made another de
mand^upon our gratitude in. his /recent
volume of ; essays, entitled "My ..Winter
Garden." ¦: "A "¦ Nature ' - I<6verX Under
"Southern ; Skies" J is; the ? suggestive \sub
title of this happily named -..book. ; Jlr.
Thompson ; spends "his v, winters'; on ; the
G.ulf/of Mexico,: and revels In : the 'balmy
climate ; that >. enables,; him 'to" pass V most
of ; his ;timel out'- of 'doors. ; An- intelligent
observer of : birds andbee^i^and trees and
flowers, -he -writes enthusiastically/ of the
fauna andfflora ; of : this earthly paradlsa.
An . archer^ of ' long standing, and ; an ; ex
perienced ' raconteur, : he draws i the lon<r
bow; with a skill 5 that endears ; him to the
lover of - good ' stories," if n%t: to' the ¦ feath
ered .folk of Bay. St. , Louis or the neigh
borhood of ,Tampa: .'A.nd'as a : diligeht and
discriminating 1 reader of ; .what >; is,.best : in
the i literature, of \ Greece an'd Rome, and
Prance-arid England and 'America, he cul
tivates ,ln his- Winter^ Garden ¦ not ! merely
; the plants i that perish, but the flowers "of
thought that, flourish pereninially. . Here
David ..B. Chamberlain (Harvard) and
Karl:. P. Harrington (Wesleyah) have
solved the difficulty in their compilation
,an<J arrangement of "Sangs of, All the
.Colleges." The book is one that should
• have, a c places on every piano, and, of
'cour?ei will occupy a prominent position
|in every fraternity house In the college
|\vorid.- ..It includes all of the old favorites,
.often also with , the latest words which
•have been adapted thereto, and many of
•the new .songrs which have caught the
[ears of th« college folk. The^book is well
Abound,' clearly jirinted and will open out
•flat — no small points in. the active service
•which" a volume of this kind is called
"upon to perform. (Published bv Hin'ds &
'Noble. Cooper Institute, New York. Prica
'*i 50.) . . .- -¦ -¦ . ¦ . ;.
' " ' Qu ncy (idarrw Sawyer
• "Quincy Adams Sawyer." by Chnries
•Kelton Ficlgin: is a novel that possesses
'the touches which made the "Old Hom-?
.stfad" so popular aa a play/ H« pictures
.of the fresh, wholesome ?^ew England
.life are very cleverly drawn and the
.bright, and natural humor will be found
•a relief after the many novels of plot and
•dramatic incident for which this sT&tfftn
•has been notable. The scene of the story
*» laid, in a little village noi fa ;• from
.ooptcn— but just far ehoug'j|to5gt.ve the
.flavor of good old country life— w*r.ere the
•people still live and take their enjoyments
•and troubles, as their ancestors hn\'» clone
|cefore them and in exactly the #unie way.
Irhoy hold their meetings. p ! ay their
.games. -have their valrrging schools and
•sleigh rides and parties— all as ia tho old,
•old days. Mr. Pidgin gives th» touch oi
'life to his descriptions. He.u^ the dia
*lect of those parts with dtstV.m'i.atlon
•and. without exaggeration. Then* is noth
-.ng of the dramatic about M» Pidgin's
•book; but it Is one that canno* help ap
'peallng to lovers ,: of artisticaJUy drawn
•scenes and characters, handled with sure
'¦-.and and delicate touch. (Published by
*C- M. Clark Publishing Company, Bos
.ton.)
•A hurdred Anecdotes of Animals
. Mr. Percy J. Billlnghurst is one of the
•few artists who can draw animals as they
•really are and yet impart an expression
•that seems to give them, human, intelll
"gence.- Ills' recent book, "A Hundred An
,e6dotes of; Animals," is no exception to
•the excellent work* which ma"de his "Hun
•dred' Fables [of . Aesop" : and ."A,"Hundred
•Fables of La FontalneV so; popular.: This
latest publication Is uniform with his pre
vious ; volumes. 2 The scheme throughout
the j hiook is ¦ to give on one page an an
ecdote; of : some animal and on.the:oppo
site j page- an explanatory ; illustration. The
anecdotes ' have .beeniwell selected' and
will < prove of ; considerable • educational
value ; to. the young. The drawings are In,
pen and ink and are . excellent. ' (Publish
ed by John Lane, New York. Price Jl 50.)
The World's Discoverers.
This , story - of v bold \ voyages • by, brave
navigators, 1 "; written; 'by "William; Henry
Johnson; will interest both young: arid old.
It describes ¦ the voyages } of', Marco • Polo,
Magellan, V-. Columbus, Vasco . da VGaniav
Drake,: Sir, John, Franklin 'and others,
and j shows what desperate suffering has
been endured .by, ; men whose one thought
was '< to ", bring ;: back to ' their own; peoplo
knowledge of I a new \ and ' undiscovered
world, pi As I the . author; says. ; the ' work • Is
not i a miscellaneous ' collection ' of voyages
of \ discovery. .It ; includes '* only such as
were ; made with a view of finding* a ' sea
route to the Indies;; and Its purpose is to
trace In outline that great Impulse which,
starting; In the fifteenth century with the
awakening • of s Europe, s has reached .:. Its
final : achievement in our own time.
WITH tbe lonsr winter evenings
eome tbe ghost stories— weird
tales to b« read when the hour
1* late and the lights low. The
best on this order that. have been present
ed to our notice Is a book of some fifteen
Etories by A. T. Quiller-Couch (Q.). The
fact that a story bears the signature <Q.)
Is almost sufficient recommendation of its
dramatic Interest, but no matter bow well
known the same the excellence of the,
•work does not always follow. In' this «ase.
however, ther© has been no failure, for
these tales will pass muster with the
weirdest of them. ¦'. i>.; •,'¦•'':¦ <¦'¦'¦'¦ • "'¦'' ' ; ' ¦¦::¦'
Mr. Qulller-Couch gives to his collection
the raystio title "Old Fires and Profitable
Ghosts." Hts ghosts * re not all profit
able crse* unless It b* In a negative way,
but the title la cllurlnr and tb» storlo*
pooa, so whether onoi explains the other
or not matters little In the end. His Is thY
hand cf a muster craftsman. He writes
In that dellghtfuHyilnlshed; style, that
overlooks no point xrliere an effect can
be produced ir.d presents to the reader.
l!tt!e details of life and color without sac*
riflcine In the slightest degree the thread
of his story. '
In "Old Fires and .Profitable Ghosts".
there is euch'a variety that It Is a dlfflcult
matter to cull from tliem and cay. "this
one you will like" and •this one you will
not care for." It all depends ! Upon the
reader' s frame cf mind which one he : will
irive the preference, but he is certain fo
find !n the collection reany . for a secoivl
reading. Its subjects range from the ;htT
r;^!<? to the cheerfully: weird, /frprri.' liie
pathetic to tho hnmnreuf-, /.. : frcm ;adv*ii
tnres «r. fca ar.<3 coa«t to scene* inland.":
In '-'The BerpBtii Man" the: author takes
tbo c?re of \vreoU-yj in :* ' tit^
tie cabin high within th<? .Arctic c ircie".
Th<--5r ton:ranicn. th>; seventh man.^lies.
burled under the snow '<-utstdt'. ,;.F-3r'
taor,;hs and months 'licie nifohaS* hem
ptrupjjIii»K against di.-t.ii>-*> a:i<? ;iri£aJiityri
barely existing throuj;!- th<i Siuerrrrinabli
night of the Arctic^ Tliey nre niw-;drm?(.
at the end of their res.urco?. One of thtir;
number 1% dead. another nearly dyir.R and
th» rest of the party in a Kcrvous condi
tion' border ir.jr on madness. The author
us<s this naturally stfOnj; situation to the
greatest advantage. Sj 6trongly is tli«>
ecpm painted that it will be an unimagin
ative reader Indeed '¦ vrho will not catch
his breath with the ;«?arr«n when, out
fide their door thr y hi ar af scratching: and
1-rea.t hinp; when they nf-e the latch lift,
and when tlie sick mjii's voU-e quavers
oaii "It's tiot him they v.ant — it's 13:11.
They're after Bill out there. That was
Bill trying to get in. . ... . Why
didn't yerouen? It wa*- Bill. I toll ye»-:"
Or when, lattr. bong ivde goes. out to in
vestifaie and 'speeds tlie night in covering
up footprints with a drop of blood tn eai-1:
cr.f% then is "brcucht :n more dead than
alive to find that when he trie? to count
his fellows at prayers he always makes
the number seven, although he know*
th;<t but six living mtn are left/.
In "The Ho'CTs of Mirror?" then? Is a
psychological Mudy of two men whose
constant struggle In life has been one
against the other, so that now they, stand
one an absolutely mlnerl man seeking jo
kill the other, and the other suddenly fac
injj the- realization that now that he has.
eccorr.plished all for which lie had triQil
>o long his life is left a blank— what shall
he do in the future?. Their meeting in the
room of mirrors and the conclusion Is as
dramatic as it Is remarkable, and the
fkcich clos-ejs in a way ihat will leave a
query, and oitht-r be thrown down as in
comprehensible or given a second and
more careful reading. Try the second
trading.
"A Pair cf Hands" If a very pretty lit
tle ghost rtory «f an old maid and a little
THE SUNDAY CAIjIj;
4
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHATspider or a lady's trap, and Is quite as
picturesque In appearance and effective
in skill as when she Is mounted on horse
back. . ¦ -. . .-, '
• Not onjy In New York ancj Chicago, but
in Philadelphia, Baltimore and Boston, at
Lenox. Newport and Lake wood, wherever
the horse holds sway. Miss Beach has
given proof of her superior ability as a
horsewoman. ¦ -.-\
She lives with her mother In an uptown
apartment In New YorK, the walls of'
which are hung .with pictures of famous
horses and of other animals; for she loves
Ahem all; only the horse 13 first in her
affections. Numerous ribbons, badges and
trophies give the history of the horse's
social popularity . uring: the : past few
years and evidence Miss Beach's continu
ous victories. MARY MATTHEWS.
Champion Horsewoman of America Is
Miss Belle Beach of New York
THE blue-ribbon equestrienne of
America is Miss Belle Beach of New
York. Perfectly fearless,, ehe and
her horse seem to have i a mutual
enderstanding that ehows off each to the
best advantage, whether she canters
through Central Park, bowls along the
fashionable drives of Newport, takes the
hurdles at Lenox or rides a spirited horse
In the ring of a metropolitan horse show.
Ehe knows the points of a horse as the
average woman does those of dress, and
her Judgment Is accepted as readily as
that of male experts in horseflesh.
¦When the horse show was on at Chi
cago this fall, Miss Beach's riding caused
the "Western folk to open their eyes with
astonishment. They know a thing or two
about riding, and they awarded the slen
der New York girl the palm over all other
contestants. Miss Beach captured three
blue ribbons In Chicago— one in the com
bination class for riding and driving,
where there were twenty-eight entries
and ehe the only woman; another In the
man's class, where there were fifteen en-'
tries, and she the only woman, and a
third In the ladies' class, where she com
peted with four other women.
She won the second prize In the class for
driving pairs, and, best of all. she took
the championship in riding on a horse ap
propriately named Exclusive..;-. •••.'> .'.i
New York Is an older stcry of triumph
ant achievement. At the New York:
horse show, which ha* juet closed, Miss
Beach was, as *he has been for several^
seasons. One of the conspicuous features, j
won not only prizes but the applause
of the fashionable world that loves the:
l.orse and those v/ho are skillful and dex*
trous In the management of him.
In several instances Miss Beach has
had her mother for a competitor, and al
though Mrs. Beach Is a skillful horse
woman she has been vanquished more
than once by her daughter. The defeats
¦were tempered, however, by her pride In
l:er own work, for she trained her daugh
ter frcrn a chiid to love and to control
horses.
Miss Beach affects no mannish air*.
Her habit Is of the smart end modish kind
that society women wear, a long coat and
a. skirt thai reaches to the boot, when she
is on the horse, usually dark gray In col
or; high boots, a derby hat and a stock:
with a sporting pin thrust through the
Bcarf. She always wears a safety skirt,
ss that there Is nothing to catch In case
of an accident.
Miss Beach does not favor women's rid
ing astride. At Chicago the Insistence of
or.e of the wemen on riding in that fash
ion caused a great commotion.
•'¦Women are not built like men physi
cally, and do not and cannot get their grip
en the horse In the same way," ex
plained Miss Beach. "It 1* nonsense,
therefore, for them to adopt the same
manner of riding. As for Its making a
woman srcsfcil.ta xiflft ca one ells* vfcy.
look at me. Do I show any sign of crook
edness?" ; And : the girl stood up, strong,
straight and supple. . "I- have ridden In
the old-fashioned Tray all my. life and. so
has my mother, and it never has hurt us.
I never have known a case of curvature
of the spine to "be produced by horseback
riding. If a girl is not strong she shouldn't
ride, that Is all. I have knov.n g!rls to be
helped by riding: on one side to. overcome
a tendency to curvature In the opposite
direction. It Is all right for women to
ride astride If they want to, but I main
tain that It Is no way to exhibit a lady's
horse that ordinarily is ridden under dif
ferent circumstances, whatever else may:
be said of Its advantage, by those who he-
TJeve In It for themselves. :
"Yes, I passed through a stage fright
experience the first time I went before a
big horse show audience. I know just
how an actor feels when he makes his
first appearance. But after a few mo
ments of demoralized helplessness, I pull-:
cd mysc-lf together and said to myself,:
'Now, It doesn't matter about those peo-;
pie In the boxes. I have no one but the
judges to please. • As soon as I got that
Into my head I Just gave my attention to ;
my horse, a perfect dear he was, and;
came out all right. I had not known that
I was to ride very long In advance; it was
a sort of ah accident .tlfcit I had under
taken It; but. having made my appear-:
acce Ip public and come through all right,-
I was only too ready to repeat the per- :
formanc*. I like anything- that has to do
with fine horses, I love them so dearly.
"I always like to ride a horse several
times and to get acquainted with hfm pri
vately before we make our bow .o a big
audience, but If there Is no opportunity
for It I do not hesitate to moti ".. him for
the first time ;ln the presence of judges
and spectators. It does not take me. long
to make friends with a horse, ordinarily.
"Yes. I have been thrown, and have had
all sorts of narrow escapes and hair-rais
ing adventures In my experience with
horses, but I never have had any bones
broken or lost eny of my courage,
"In taking a hurdle my horse has some
times failed and we both have gone down
to defeat, but never beyond recovery. •
"My most exciting and hazardous ex
perience occurred a .few . years ago
when the man with whom I. was driving'
was thrown from the trap^ carrying the
reins with. him. and the frightened animal
plunged madly forward. I saw a trolley
car in the distance approaching, and knew
that the only chance for my life lay in
checking the horse, bo I clirrrbed over the
high dashboard to the horse's back and
managed to pull aim in Just at the mo-.
ment of collision with the car. I got a
heavy fall and a severe/ wrench and
sprain, but I felt myself mighty lucky to
be alive." I
, When Miss Beach drives In the horse
gbovs ihe uim a Loula XIV phaeton, a
The rumors are persistent, but those wlu
know the habits of the man who rules U
the Laj& of the Rising Sun have dcubl:
as to liis leaving home so soon. The MI
ka£o is emirefitJy a man of aJfTairs. 'He:
2s deeply concerned in all that affect:! the",
cf far Eastern countries. 1 Esp?
ci ally has h<* interested himself in China,
&nd. until he sees somethirg approaching
a trustworthy government .. esiab!;.«siio'd
there, it Is unlikely he will ailow himself,
the journey he longs to take. : \
Haru-ac-iniya, tio Crown Prince, may
come In his father's stead, however. ' ill
has longed to coiac over ever since be
l.eard there was a West tc come to.
Haru-no-mlya was. born twenty years
££o, ar.d, according to Japanese cjutiung,
his S£C is EC The caienuar year or a
child's- b5i tti !n Jap-n is his nrst rear, and
ilie nexx. calendar year is bis second year.
"Were hr Lorn December 31, \ his second
year would therefore begin the following
<3ay. If you chanced to call the «e.xt day
and ask tile nurse. "OtoshI ei ikutsu
dftxka ?" (honorable age how much is it?)
the ciid would r<?p!y. :;Futalsu" (two).
Viitil he was 30 years idd Haru-no-mlya
> * fc "«'j»«t he was the son of ihe'Eraprcss.
Tfeen.iome chatterer .-about the palace at
Aoyarr.a told him who bis mother was— a
pccitss. one cf the four supernumerary
wjves of the ilikitdo. These extra wives
are ail of Kuge families— the ancient court
nobility ¦ descended from younger sons of
MlVjido*. liaru-no-islya's mother is a :
countess of :nijx?r:al *ind very anei«?nt
blood. An uncle of his. on his mother's
side has been in 'London. -several times in
the suite cf cxa'.ted Japanese. .:
ila; ii-ao-iiiiya"*. .mother. ha<* her hom?
wiihir. the Aoyim:a £ ala.ee ..grounil^a ccin
ple'.e: o:;tabiishrr.cnt in fls pwr." hou.*e find
ilurCen. as haJ '.the tUreo other ciaunteWir-s.
liy ihe.-i; l!,c Miksdo! Jias tad sorne fifteen
childr.!;. but Haru-Tio-miya: is Jalmost Ihe
e> -it- sur\i '"or: "ibe j^ir.pre'y*-, vvhrim he so
ions thouK.it to. lie his mQtiWr, has not
borne m. child. .Thl.< has &adu<eri<?!tl ; he 1 r life,
bet (Srt enib'.ttered It, for. In Japan, where
wcniar.'s ir!a2s never ..end. s'ich things^
make for swcetEess and harnility.
Tfce fceart of Haruko S^ma is large
enough for all Japan. Insteadjof a child
at her ov.n she has taken the whole peo
ple to her heaj-t. She Is the mother of
all childrT-a, Ipyinj? them the more tender
ly because she herself hns.none. Mrs.
Fraznr. wife of the British Minister at
Tokio. at the time a fanatic ipoliceman
rrade an attack on the Czarewltch, now'
Czar of Russia, gives an admirable pict
ure of the nation's sorrow. In speaking
of ihe consort of the Mikado .when that
imperial woman heard the news, she says
that her Majesty for a few days arid
rights was without rest. Her grief was
RCMORS now come afresh that tbr
Mikado # cf Japan will leave Tokl
for a tour of the world before the
cherry blossoms come next year
BY CLARENCE L.UDLOW BR0WNEL1-
Author of "Tales From Tokio/': .¦¦
Such 13 Mutsuhlto (meek man), the ona
hundred and twenty-first of his line, tha
ruler of Japan- during the past thirty-two
years and the first absolute monarch vol
untarily to offer a constitution to his peo»
pie giving them the right to govern them
selves and then to carry ont by his own
work the eclishteced spirit of this gift.
Another instance shows something of
the same sort. To see the procession eza
the day of the Viscount's death th» Bn»
sian Minister bad a platform built lervel
with the top of the wall In front of th»
legation. A party of invited guests wero
there, looking down on the road alo&ff
which the Emperor and Empress were to
pass. "When the crowd saw this It mu>
mured, and then laid siege to the lega
tion, stoned the women and would bava
killed every one about the place had not
the timely arrival of military police saved
the Inmates. All this was because the
guests of the Russian Minister would have
looked down upon the Mikado. Position
signifies something In Japan.
The Mikado himself does not share this
idea at all. He is wonderfully free from
prejudices, and wishes his subjects to be
as enlightened as are the best of foreign
ers. There Is an entire absence of haught
iness in his demeanor. I have seen him
frequently at parades and at the races,
sometimes on foot and sometimes on
horseback, chatting with officers of thm
court. He has An agreeable oountenaBco,
with a nervous twitch In it at times, and
a pleasant smile. His eye Is bright and
has the slight slant that Indicate* higb
breeding In Japan, and he has nose enough
for eyeglasses !f he needed them, which la
a thing to be proud of In Japan. His beaxtS
and mustache are perfectly black, aa la
his abundant hair, and he carries hlmarit
with graceful erectness and dignity. Ha
wears a military uniform after the French,
pattern during his working hours. whJclx
take up much the better half of the day,
and seldom uses the native dress, exoept
when performing the Shinto ceremonies
before the Imperial cenotaphs In memoxr.
of his ancestors.
Viscount Mori, Minister of Education,
went to Nara to see the famous temple
there, which the caretakers tear down arnl
rebuild with new material every twenty
years. This razing and rebuilding has
gone on regularly for over twenty centtt
lies. The Imperial relics are there— e. mir
ror, a sword and a crystal sphere, and.
also a picture of Amaterassu, hanging be
hind a curtain. The Viscount had no great
reverence for these things, it seems. Xt
any rate he " entered the tempi* without
taking off his shoes, a serious breach oa
his part, and actually pushed aside with
his walking stick the curtain that con
cealed the goddess* picture. N>ws of thla
came to Tokio. and a young Government
clerk hearing it, and ascertaining by a
trip to Naru that it was true, sought out
the Minister and stabbed him in the abdo
men with a fish knife. (There Is mud*
Ignominy associated with a fish knife.)
It being a Jubilee day In honor of fho
Emperor's gift of a constitution to the
people, the court physician was away,
and so on down the line of his assistants
until, when a plain, ordinary doctor cams*
the Minister was past recovery.
News of the killing came to me on ths
west coast, sent without particulars. "Vs»
rlous explanations were about, all little)
more than guesses. One, however, is ruf»
gestlve. It throws light on the Japa
nese attitude toward the Mikado, it cam*
from a. member of the Board of Educa
tion of the province of Echlu. "I do not
know exactly the cause for It." he said,
"but I heard the killing was done because
Viscount Mori yawned In the presence of
our Emperor. I think that may be tfca
reason."
Even the Shogun, the Generalissimo
and the political head of Japan for centu
ries before 1SG3, was too important to be)
seen by. the pubUc: shutters -went up> at
his approach, and did any one peer discov
ery meant death. It was rather bewllJer
ing. therefore, to the Japanese to have tha
Shogun suddenly become a private citi
zen, and the Mikado, the god^ Invisible,
come out into the- light and show himself
real flesh and blood, though the natlvss be*
Uevethe flesh and blood to be of divine ori
gin distinct from, that of an other persona.
The sun goddess, Amaterassu, mother of
Jlmmu Tenno. the first of the Jllkados,
has her sacred picture in many Japanese
temples. Xt will not do to look upoa
these pictures without proper ceremony,
as the following Incident illustrates:
Mr.' Chamberlain, emeritus prof as»or of
Japanese In the Imperial Univsrslty of
Toklo, eaya^that at one period In the- his>»
tory of this strange and ancient lia*
there were as many as six Mikados lrvlns,
all shut off from the world entirely.
honor sitting in sllerrt'griof. in the. rooms
b«y6rid. j ~ '.. '¦"',':* '¦.' ;.; :'V! ; -.'.", . ,¦_'•¦'
;,,Slnce - his discovery Haru-.ho-mlya has
,E*-«n his real mother- at stated intervals.
• She Had a ham! in the diseyrvcry, perhaps,
for even a Japanese woman's self-abnega
:tlon may give way in ten years' time. The
: exquisite, .but. her. cry : ---waSp- not for her
own people nor for .'.the.:' imperial.' prince,
then s=afe on- a Russian man-of-war..;in
Kpbt, but for the mother in far -a.w.ity St..
Petersburg. mother; the poor
mother," she moaned, as she wajidered to
and fro In. her apartments,' her maids of
.the two women he loves better—rvenerates
wwulcTbe more In accord' with the'Japan
ese idea. They rcay both be his subjects
nne day. Thence may love them. Now.
being himself -fiTsubject," filial ; piety:- dic
tates veneration jas the attitude; :."
';' Last spring i?Haru-no-miya'rmarried a
¦Empress, too,.. n^a fait her
self in . a. fal$ e position
¦throughout all " : that ; time.
So .there was : relief . for
both the real and the offi
cial .; mother when Haru
found, out . whose' son. he
_ really : was.' Probably ; . he
could ': hardly sa;' which of
•: .. : . auestlons it ikny -more than he
doubts that fire gives out heat. Xot
a Prince In Europe these days has
Euch devoutly loyal subjects, for loyalty'
.to the person of the Mikado Is part of the
spiritual life, of Japan. ,. Haru-no-mlya ' Is
the first heir to the Mikado's throno th«
'Japanese have ever been permitted to see,
Is a fact In Japanese lives. No one
i .: . ; a- s6n, "not only
wonVa he lose honor himself ; he would also
be guflty pf Ill-treating the whole line cf
his ancestors: of Irreverence and implaty.
In thV.eyes of his feliows he wouldbeas
one addicted to sacrilege and blasphemy.
It has been the custom in Japan, then, for
those that could 1 afford ; it, to have an ex
tra ;•• wife and. where It .was particularly
Important to have an/ heir., to brln^ home
i'l;- several. In the Instance 'of supreme
¦•;¦ .-. : 'mportar.ee— the need of a Crown"
I Prince of imperial blood— custom '
[[ ; . . from time immemorial has allotted
twelve. But new Japan says one. 1
P Haru-no-mlya, who Is likely to*
make a tour of the western coun
tries next year, is an exceedingly
popular Prince. As eldest son of
V ". v he Son of Heaven, he has a pres
: . tige In the eyes of the Mikado's
subjects that is divine." The divln
ffraife'lty of the reigning house in Japan
house, die without
. for the .'purpose of insuring:
j an heir, Tor, -according 'to
the 'old Japanese
idea. It wag, a grie
vous thing to leave
.;ho son to keep
one's me mory
green. Taoism and
: . /Confucianism and
: Shlntoism' teach as
the supreme virtue
. -reverence of ancea;
tors. Should a man,
'- the head - of a
torn for .ages. Indeed. : the
title of thepe extra wives
signifies "one • of . the
twelve." Many'wlves were
• -Bat to return to .the. brllHant youngr
, graduate of the... School, for noble
'. daughters and now' wife' of tiie hetr ep
" pkreftt.- -She wlll-'be '.the' one and only
Wifftiqf. the "next Mikado; If both she and
her- spouse h^ve to ascend the . throni,
Vfhereasthe present. Mikado' bas four. His
.' 1 ; ':••' •;. father, Koimel :tenno, : has
1 ¦''. ¦: ¦. -.twelve, besides . the Em
¦ i ':•¦•'•¦¦ press, as had 4 been '. the cus-
bright young graduate of the . Peeresses'.
. School Iq Toklo. This school the Empress
founded. She has watehed OTer It fondly
- ; from the beginning. .1 have seen her there
with her maids of honer during, trie grad
uation . exercises. • She ! Is the personifica
tion of dignity. , Even as she wanted from
the • reception hall .-. to her' carriage, ham
pered am she was with foreign. skirts and"
high-heeled boots from Paris, she had the
air of majesty. -This is saying mucnV for
"the kimono, or Japanese dress, which the.
- Empress has! worn during her whole life,
except oh formal occasions In the last few
years, develops & peculiarity in gait that
lp -noticeable particularly in . women.
Wrapped like a bathrobe around the limbs
it. hinders the natural swing of the stride,
Especially It binds and hampers on the
left side, throwing the 'left foot over: In"
front J of . the : right with the toa potntlng
. In.- The, tendency, of the right fQOt Is to
point in, too. though to a less degree than
the" left.' With this "toeing In" there Is
also a shuaie, for Japanese gata or wood
en clogs are not fastened at the heel, only
at the toe, and hang down and drag along
.the. ground as , one' -walks. A pigeon-toed.
shuffle Is a ! serious Impediment to dignity,
, but the ¦ many Europeans and Americans
who have seen her Majesty Haruko will
i testify that she has overcome It. .
and they bare seen much uf him.
With 8om« two of his chamberlains
- and a military attendant, he has been
-. about the capital on all occasions of pub
lic Interest, and, . like other youngsters
of good birth, he went to 'the nobles'
school six days In the week. Here he be
„ came the familiar friend of the best Jap
anese youth. I met him at the school
through the courtesy of one of the cham
berlains, Viscount Kadeyunokojl. of an
old Kugre family, and afterward saw him
frequently. Six of his chamberlains, In
cluding his maternal uncle, formed a con
versation class, which met at my home In
Kajlmachl three times a week. Mr. Cool-
Idge, a Harvard man, with whom I was
living, had great success In teaching them
the English language. They enjoyed the
conversations hugely, and part of • their,
scheme for entertaining the Crown Prtnce
each day came to be telling him what
they had done at the house of the two for
eigners. To our delight, one day we made
¦ an exchange of photographs.
Like his august father, Haru-no-mlya Is
fond of. horses, and when the races are on
¦ at the beautiful course around the lotus
*pond in Ueno Park, one may surely find
him there. Even as a youngster In short
trousers he knew the horses and some
thing of the riders, too. He seemed to
take particular Interest In the horses
foreigners sometimes entered, and at
every opportunity would ask their own
ers about them. He had such a charm-
Ing nianntr, and such genuine eagerness
, to learn, that one would do anything
rather than disappoint him. Everything
that foreigner* used excited hla Interest.
A pocket slate of washable white cards
that had come to me as a present caught.
his fancy. He had never seen a white
"slate before, and It pleased 'him to have
one he could use over and over .again,
for he got It, of course— as It is quite
proper in Japan to pass along a gift. A
present sometimes, especially . at . New
Year's, may travel a complete circuit and
return to you again after faithful service
in providing Joys and opportunities.
: It ; Is his keen desire to acquire
knowledge, more particularly the knowl
edge that has given Western countries
their civilization, that has made a trip
abroad so desirable for the Crown Prince.
The Mikado's councilors had advised It
so soon as Haru-no-mlya should have
married and established ' himself. Last
May saw the nuptial ceremonies.
"With, the announcement that the heir
apparent has a son, plans for a tour of
the West will take effect. "
It would be difficult Indeed for a Euro
pean, to understand the way the Japanese
mind would contemplate a tour of the
world by the Mikado. Europeans are ac
customed to royal progresses, but no Ml*
kado «ver went abroad, unless we except
the female Allkatlo Jingo, who conquered
Korea'in the third century, according to
Japanese historians. Untll'recently even
the native Japanese could not see a Mi
kado. He reigned, but did not rule. In th»
sacred palace in Kioto. Then the Sho
\ gun kept him shut up with the Kuge, or
court nobles. His Immediate attendants
\ were women. Ho was too holy to do any
' thing himself. The noble women would
1 not permit that. They clothed him dally In
silken robes (he must not wear the same
garments twice), they bathed him, they
kept him from the heat of the sun. the
chill of the wind and the evil Influence of
; the moon. His life was that of an Infant.
As soon as he had an heir the Shogun
put him into yet greater .retirement,
whatever that might be, and declared
there was a new Mikado. So, as genera
tions are of few years in Japan, there
were often several Mikados alive at once.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
WILL THE
MIKADO VISIT
US?. turns,. an<V scrapboeki of dramatic criti
cisms and- theatrical events on the table,
under the table, on the stone .mantel and
on.the floor. . The most Valued article of
br'Cra-brac at the "Forest of Arderi" Is a
•little black-cornered tea' table with brass
legs, ; in ; one of the. quaint corners ! of I the
library. It is known to have, been" used in
London in.the time of- Queen Elizabeth,
.ana was presented- to^ Count Bozenta* by
Joseph \ Jefferson. * A beautiful •: miniature
on porcelain; of 'Marie Antoinette hangs
ont the wall.' :;
some 1800 books' in the library.
Qver half of them 'are In Russian. French,
polish. ; Italian and -the: rest are In Eng
lish, A. magnificent deluxe edition of Bal
zac occupies ! an upper shelf. . "I consider
tfalzac the* greatest, novelist, of. the cen
tury, .says. Madame Modjeska. : Win < fact,
he stands solitary.: amid ; his genius. \That
s® 1 ; 0 '' his: works in ; French is* the gift
or Aipnonse Daudet some nine years 'atro "
bnakespeare is represented in - the Jib'rar v
'" a dozen different editions in, seven or
<. g SJL' languages, and ; there is a long - row
or -Jsriak€ppearean ; concordances, commen-'
tarle3,; critical and historical essays.: All
these show how. thoroughly. V they ' have
been . used, i There; are copies of, > "Quo
v adis .and' other of ' Slenkiewicas's books
In the original Polish. Each .volume is a
presentation vfrpm .the : author, who has
written, a graceiful- sentiment; on .the fly
leaf. of. each: book. .... . ' ; ; ,
• .In the. little sitting or' assembly room at
the. front of the. bungalow, there Is anevi
dent desire to avoid conventionality.^ Efisy
chans are in profusion, and a bi^W'.cdi-,
•Of course, every one wants to know all
about Madame M6djeska r s own part of the
house— her den. . her workshop, if .r you
please,- where she reigns in: autocratic su
premacy — where- she has studied-and'pre
pared those characters- tha.t: have thrilled
and. delighted . countless hundreds of:peo
ple and where her individuality- has been
shown. In the decoration and arrangement.
Madame' Modjeska's "den", is.the library
of the; bungalow. It Is some sixteen feet
square. It has a trjple-mullioned window
looking ' up amid the overbrnnching | oaks,'
and a. long French window' 'that opens
upon a. porch shut- in. by. ivy and other
vines and looks outacross the lawn's and
beds of heliotrope, popples i^n'd roses.
There Is a wealth of bric-a-brac^ >ori all
sides in the "den." .Engravings, etchings,
sKetches- and light .water ., colors hang-In
every possible ;spot on the walls, and rugs
of; Indian. Arabian and Turkish handicraft
lie In studied negligence upon: the polished
floior. At ono side stands a huge stone
fireplace, with heavy ; brass : andirons .on
the hearth. Four oak and mahogany book
cases are arranged here and 'there. v; Near
the J window Is a; heavy. 1 table. -This.; i3
madame's work table.' and close" to "it is
her favorite.* deep-seated, leather-covered
easy chair. There are books of plays in :
paper and cover, great volumes with cpl
ered pictures- of costumes and stage set-
dining-room wails— <nnnnt 'swords, ancient
cutlasses, crude, battle axes and -historic
Javelins,, short knives . and scabbards.
Some have been- the property of famous
actors, fend; actresses and have . a 'little
story connected .with them.
The very house and outbuildings are
blended In the landscape, and the beauty
of the low. rambling, white house i.mid
a shade of closely cropped lawns of blue
grass, beds of luxuriant flowers of every
hue. climbing vines about the piazzas anJ
trellises, the walks and driveways as
smooth as asphalt that curve in and out
of the lawns and flower beds, is'difficult
to tell.- Rearing their shaggy sides away
up 2000 or 8000 feet above this home scene
are the peaks, adding their qualities ut
repose and calmness to the landscape.
And this Is Mod jeska' s "Forest of Arden."
The bungalow — that Is what ; th* '-¦ Count
Bozenta says- the house is — -was built un
der the supervision '.'of the Count and
the madame about ten years ago. There
are eleven rooms in the house. Most of.
them are comparatively small; but the liv
ing rooms have been. built on generous
pattern. The windows are tall and •wide.
In several rooms they are of French
style and open out upon broad verandas.
Hammocks, awnings, big porch chairs
and inviting recesses abound. The din
ing-room is the largest apartment in the*
house. ; It is lighted on two sides and has
a huge brick chimney and mantel across'
one corner, a deep seat about a- recessed
window of diamond shape and colored
panes of glass. The furniture is of very
heavy oak and embossed leather. . About
the walls are pictures in oil and water
colors, for the Count Bozenta avers that
his weakness Is for pictures In color. He
has trophies Jn art of his capture In every
city in Europe all over the house.
There Is a Quantity of. bric-a-brac on the
•wood tobacco jar with convenient cig-'
arette papers stands on a table. A piano;
zither,, harp, violin; cornet and banjo oc
cupy one : corner of the apartment. The
Walls are lined with pictures in oil. crayon
and engraving and in all sizes and va
riety, of .frnm«.i;r.- -', They, have been gather
ed hyMadamfi M.po"j6ska and her husband
in Paris, .London, Brussels, Cracovr, Mos-
the bunpalow. others are twlned-about the
trees; others, in the. form or rose trees,
arc Planted in sinuoua "rows along the
edge. of. the driveways and others form a
norri medley all about the vegetable
garden. , .... ' .;-.-- , ..
. The prBrtlcal work of: ranchlnV that
Mnne. Mod joska . personally ; eriprages Jn is
In; the hen- yard and among the dorncsiic
¦ketcnev. Nowhere can there b« mor»
gorgeous scenery than In the canyons of
Southern California.
"When the theatrical season i* over in
June the Count and I. with a few of our
oldest and most trusted servants, start
at once in our car for our Southern Cali
fornia home. The place Is always kept
in order, so we can return to it almost at
a day's notice; and usually we are set
tled and fully at home there ten days
after my last theatrical appearance. "We
have been visited at the 'Forest of Arden"
by a few of our more intimate friend*
and by our relatives, but we have not the
accommodation for entertaining on the
scale thar we desire. Some day, when the
last theatrical tour is over and that iong
talked-of farewell to the stage is made.
we mean to have a large home, in the
mountains, where our friends will be wel
come every month In the year.
'But the summer in the Forest of Ar
den is not wholly spent in dreamy idle
ness I religiously perform an allotted
quantity of professional labor every sum
mer. Sometimes I am up at 5 in the morn-
Ins, and I spend, a whole day in the arbor
with my books. Retting ready for a new
drama. The least intrusion at such times
delays my progress, for getting Into a
pew character is a serious and absorbing
thing: for me. When I am once in sym
pathy with a dramatic character I can't
slight my work, for it will haunt me day
and night until I know that I feel my
part and have mastered all the details of
my character. I spent weeks In studying
the history of England and Scotland, and
in reading everything I could buy p«r
£?ln>ns to the reigns of Queens Mary and
Elizabeth when I was making ready to
impersonate Mary Stuart. I spent weeks
n reading histories of the French Revo
lution, and especially of the events lead
ing up to that horrible revolt of an op
pressed people., when I was making ready
to play Marie Antoinette.
Are we intruded upon by curious sight
seers? J*ot so much In the last few sum
mer seasons. When the news first went
abroad that we had built our uniqu* home
in Santiago Canyon it was a daily annoy
ance to have people from Los Angeles
and Santa Ana, and from the little vil
lages in the valley below, come up and
camp for the day on our lawns, and never
so much as ask leave to eat lunchoens*
from their baskets on our piazzas and In
our arbors. Not one person in a hundred
had any acquaintance with me or the
Count, 'and many of them frankly de
clared that they had heard that I was an
actress and that they had always wanted
to see how theatrical people lived when
they were at home. Many a time the
Count and I have had to flee from our
painting or study out of doors among tho
oaks or in the canyons, to the house be
cause of the arrival of a wagonload or
«.t«-o of ranchmen or curious tourists in
Southern Californih at our home Place for
a picnic there. Scores and scores of times
we have had to positively refuse to per
mit a picnic party or rural swains and
• lasses to tram" through our home and
gaze at my husband and m y*/ r J. ,
"But we have made a host of delightful
acquaintances in our est « rn h h £ m 5i *™
«V» V WS *££K fr^t'inSe^is^
Kfonl tlStowS in Southern California
during the summer vacation. We hav«
d«>ar friend* in Pasadena. Los Angeles.
Pomona and Santa Ana. and we have tried
toTr-ow our appreciation of their kindness
ind attention to us. Coronado Beach and
the ocean at San Juan Caplstrano have
"harms for us. and we go there for a week
ar two every year. The Count and I boast
of our prowess in swimming, and ¦when
we are at the ocean I improve the oppor
tunity by at least two long swims every
day ancf often three. No, we don't care
much for fishing. I have tried to* make
•myself a lover of the sport, but It has
been no use. I suppose I have not suf
ficient patience, and then. too. I can't bear
to see the poor things flop about, opening
and closing their gills in the agony of
r tleath. I have been out hunting a few
, times, but woe to ¦, any one that dares to
shoot a gun at the Forest of. Arden and
scare away, our sonssters. ' "
YES. I shell spend my summer va
cation a? usual in my ranch home
smcr.g the mountains of Southern
California. There's no other spot
Et» beautiful to my eyes and bo restful
to all my senses. We call, our ranch
the Forest of Ardrn. and it is the
one t=pot in ail the world ' toward which
our hearts ever turn no matter where we
are end how happy our experiences may.
be. It will always be our home, and when
I leave the stage forever my husband and.
I will spend all our remaining: days in
Idyllic leisure at orr mountain ranch." So
ears Madame H Plena Modjeska— the
woman whom no !ess a dramatic critic
than Clement Scott has pronounced "th«
foremost of her generation on the English
Epcaking ?tcgc. • ¦¦"•.
There is no heire in Southern California
to much askod about a? the unique ranch
home of Madame Modjeska. away back
among the Coast Range Mountains of
Orange County. Every winter hundreds
of Eastern tourists travel thirty and forty
zr.'.lt -p in wagons and carriage* across the
country purposely to- visit the famous
actress' home. In summer the ranch
home is always the scene of the most in
teresting and most bohemian jollities In
California. No home «n the Pacific Coast
has ever had among its guests so many
men and women distinguished the world
over for their genius and art. as Madame
Mcdjeska's little house in the mountains.
The late Fanny Davenport once said that
If she could spend a. few months each
summer in re.«t at a home like Madame
Modjeska's she might play juvenile parts
on the Ftage for a century.
Comparatively lew people know how
Madame Modjeska— or the Countess
Bezenta. as the is better known among
her old-time friends and neighbors in
Southern California — came to live in thU
State. Twenty-five years ago. wearying
of the stage in Poland and Russia, where
ehe had acted from her girlhood, she and
her literary hu>band, the Count Bozenta,
came with a colony of literary, musical
and artistic young men and women to live
on a co-operative ranch at Anaheim, in
the vicinity of Lcs Angeles. In two years
the colony broke up. It was a dead fail
ure from the first. Every one In it went
tack to Europe, disgusted with America
and denunciatory of California.
Count and Countess Bozenta were made
cf different stuff. They were charmed
•with Califorr.ii. and they found i^t» fault
that their optimistic colony scheme had
failed. The Countess resolved to go upon
the American stage and retrieve her heavy
losses in the colony. Neither she nonher
husband spoke English then. By extraor
dinary work arid study almost day and
night f*»r ten ir.onths the Countess was
able to play in English the stage parts ehe
had formerly played in Polish and French.
She adopted* the name Madame Modjeska.
Her success was instantaneous. She has
never wavered in her fondness for Cali
fornia. The second year of her success
she had a Chicago architect (a friend of
her son Ralph) come out to the coast to
especially design an architectural gem of
a home for herself and husband among
the mountains overlooking the scene of
the -colony that the Count and she had
and planned for. •
. There was a deal of fun among the prac
tical, hard-headed ranchmen in the Santa
Ara Valley when they heard that the
Count and Countess Bozenta had bought
3000 acres away off among the God-for
eaken mountains, as they viewed them.
, and that they proposed building a fine
home there. Mountain scenery and the
reposefulr.ess of. canyons and valleys
exneng the mountain peaks had no c^iarm
for the ranchmen.
The Modjeska ranch is known by its
owners and their frifnds as the "Forest
of Arden." The name was chosen by the
actress in memory of her favorite dramat
ic character. Rosalind. The spot lies twen
ty-one miles from Santa Ana. twenty
eeven miles southwest from Pomona and
seventeen miles from the nearest railroad
station. El Toro.
The drive to the "Forest of Arden" Is
one of the most entrancing of the many
of that sort in Southern California. It
Is over a smooth and hard road in. some
places, and EXavelly in others. It leads
past thousands of acres of waving barley.
through thickly planted orchards : of
oranges and lemons, across great fields
of poppies, marguerites and blue-eyed
daisies, now in the shade of spreading live
oaks centuries old and towering eucalyp
itus. and out across ragged washes and
among tracts of shrubs, until the foothills
are reached. There the roadway suddenly
becomes picturesque and romantic. It is
about ten miles further on to Modjeska's
home : and the route is through Santiago
• Canyon. A good part of the way is on
¦' the Count Bozenta's private estate, and
¦with skill and taste, that only ardent lov
ers of. nature possess, he iias created a
roadway- that is alluring at almost every
foot of the way. Only the sternest neces
sity and the most commendatory orders
of the engineers have caused any dis
turbance of the ways and works of nature
through the canyon. Wide detours have
been made to avoid the hewing down of
vigorous gnarled old monarch* of the for
est of live oaks, little rustic bridges have
been built to span the restless, noisy can
yon stream, while, to save excavation
.from the mountain sides, slant bowlders
coated with various hued lichens, have
remained untouched all along the way.
The road. winds slowly up the canyon to
CUT j-anch home.
Tor a mile the way Is canopied over by.
sycamores and tall, heavy, wild shrub
bery. Ju?t as they have grown there for
ages. Mossy banks are paseed at the
sides of the turbulent little stream, and
through the opening Jn the copse the un
dulating ground i? seen carpeted with a
rolling, waving mass of bluebells, wild
violets ana golden eschscholtzlas. Up
•above ?.:1 and rimming the low walls of
the canyon overhanging boughs of mas
sive trees sc<3 their fresh creen to this
ecene of natural beauty. The sun trifles
with the fluttering foliage, playing hide
and seek amid the leaves. The fresh scent
of wild herbs and flowers from the adja
cent lazy mountain slopes in the fresh
morning, sunshine comes to the nostrils,
and the fluty notes of flocks of meadow
larks or the twittering of hundreds of
wrens In the chaparral enhance the pleas
tires of the drive. < ; _.. -.
. An hour has been spent. In the canyon
ride. The road turns abruptly past two
bowlders and a heavy thicket . and the
home of Mme. Modjeska comes Into full
view. The bouse Is of wood, one story,
broad and -deep, painted In white, modest,
cozy. But, oh, what artistic arrangement.
INCHING THAT IS AS INTERESTING AS A STAGE CAREER 'm
cow and Berlin, and the delightful hosts
never tire in telling their friends the. lit
tl$: stories and histories attached to each
:of'.'tho art treasures. ¦'
The domain of the "Forest of Arden"
comprises about 2000 acres, but less than
seventy acreS has any cultivation
to speak of. The location was chosen
after much travel and sight-seeing, be
*¦ cause of it3 mountains, the great trees
and rocks and the rugged scenery on
. every hand. The grounds ¦ about -trie
¦ house occupy two acres and about one
half of this is most beautifully orna
•\mented under the labor of the gardener
and the joint direction of Madame Mod
. jeska and the Count Bozenta- It took,
several summer seasons to create what
was desired. Scattered -about the wide
sweep of lawns are arbors of jasmine,
honeysuckle and ivy geranium, trellises
: of blossoming peas and English ivy. There
.• are rustic seats and shady nooks by the
dozen under the trees and behind rocks
and beside, terraces. There are rocker
ies of wild flowers, fountains and little
pools, hotbeds, cactus beds and clumps
of tropical flowers galore. Palms by the
d<ozen and banana trees by the; half-dozen
rear themselves in tropical form from
daisies in the closely cropped lawns.
Orange and lemon trees grow here and
there about the ranch. Madame Mod
jeska has the true California love for
roses.- Over 100 distinct and different
varieties blossom about her home every
year. Rcscs are trained up the side of
animals. Xo one ever had moro Ccvr>t:=a
to dumb beast and fowl. When at homo
on a long summer vacation, after months
of theaters, hotels and railroads, Mm^
ModjesKa s greatest comfort is In her hen
yards, among her horses and -with her
prize cow. Every day she visits her hens
and chickens, watches with eager Interest
the development of each new Ivood of
chicks carries tempting sweetmeats to
her saddle ponies and call?, often several
times a day, upon her Jersey out in the
cow corral. Several residents of Sanu
Ar.a Valley tell of visits at the "Forest
of Arden at some time' in. the summer
season and of having seen the ravlshlngly
beautiful Juliet of their early theatrical
recollections metamorphosed into the do
mestic and rural Morljeska engaged 'n
throwing a panful of corn ear bv ear to
the big black swine at the rear of 'the
ranch. - .
"What do T do at my mountain home?"
said the famous actress to a reporter
some time ago. "Why, I do just what 1
like. The Count and I live as near to
nature as we can. For days at a time we
have all our meals served in the arbor:
we climb over the mountains, go horse
back riding, hunt for game, have visits
from our frieml3. and go down to Santa
Ana and Anaheim on short visits. I spend
some time every day in dramatic ptudy
and many hours each week in sketching.
•\Ve never grow weary of the landscape.
and I have long since abandoned all hop»
of ever doing it full justice , in my
* ¦ happy POR ;?h£ livestock wttn sweetmeats.
Madame Helena Modjeska at Her Home in Southern California
...TO HER PRTZS COW
THE SCOTAT CAIIV
6Continued on P&ga Eight.
minimum space, should sustain tho sol
dier's strength, preserve his health and ba
palatable. The War Department has long
sought such an ideal ration, but has fail
ed to find It. In the Philippines the reg
ular .field ration was Issued to troops sent
on emergency expeditions, with the result
that at the beginning of the- war 20: per
cent of the detailed men were out of ser
vice in two days. '¦.'.' ' :¦.'¦"¦'
A great many preparations of food were
submitted to the board, but only three ra
tions were deemed worthy of practical
test. One was prepared by the board.
another by a compressed food company In
New Jersey and the third came from a
Western packing concern. A single ra
tion was expected to keep a man In good
condition for twenty-four hours. Bach of
the three rations was contained In an air
tight box. The, board's compound was
made up of two cakes of sweetened
chocolate and three cakes of a meat and
cereal compound. The Eastern company's
ration had a cake of sweetened tea leaves
and a cereal compound for making. soups
or a sort of Hamburger eteak. The West
ern ration had tea for a stimulant anfl
meat extract In Its food combinations.
Each ration' had a small quantity of .salt
and red pepper for seasoning. ¦.
Emergency Batibhs Practically Tested
Twenty-five men of Troop A, Eighth
Cavalry, were sent Into the field to .make
the test.- They were to subsist, entirely
on the: emergency rations.: They were
sent away from Fort Renp-to~ FortjStiU/
making detours ' on the way. ' Morning
and evening of each ; day. the. men .'were
stripped, examined and welghe'd and their
pulse and, temperature were. taken at In
tervals during the day. . •
, The record thus secured was used by, the
board In determining how the rations af
fected the weight, health' and strength of
the men. At the end of the seventh day
the men reached Fort Still. Then the re
turn trip was made under the same condi
tions, only substituting another of the ra«
tions submitted. A third trip will •¦ nw
made to teat the last of the compounds-
' Tha board was naturally inclined. to re
gard Its own ration with- the greatest-in
terest. The -chocolate ¦ weighed four
ounces- and the' meat , and cereal in com
bination ' respectively .four : and i eight
ounces, a total; weight of -sixteen ounces,
besides. three-quarters of. an ounce of salt
and : one grain of : red ! pepper. / : '¦
The 'ration : was 'contained In a hermeti
cally: sealed can with; rounded edges, like
a flask,. 6% inches Ions \ by I$£x2 inches.
The can is opened wiith .a • key. The ra
tion is. to be part 'or the permanent equip
ment of the soldier In the field. It can be
eaten in four-ways, dry, as a boup or por
ridge, or the porridgw may bet fried. '_-.
"The board's ration wia prepared under
our own personal supervision." said Cap-'
tain' Fountain In discussing ihe matter a
few days ago-. ' "Tho test will prove of
great value in the future for, army rec
ords. ;'. During the march the food . went
hard with tho men for tho first few
days, but arter that time they seemed to
enjoy.it. I think the report will encour
age the War Department to adopt the
emergency ration. • . . ' • .
"Thoroughly; cooked wheat was ground
into coarse flour. This was mixed'thor
oughly with • desiccated beef that had
been . pounded to an Impalpable \ powder,
giving us the ideal, food of; the : American
soldier, bread ¦ and meat. • This mixture
was pressed into' small cakes, each large
enough ' , for f a single' meal: . This com
pound is a tissue- builder. It contains a
mimlmum of fat, for the reason that fat
combined "with a cereal or vegetable re
sults in ,, rancidity ; unless '¦'. prevented by
chemical processes, and chemicals produce
Indigestion ..and; other 'stomach troubles.
Originally our ration contained more than
13 per cent' of fat, but we, reduced It to
about 5 per cent.- "We depend upon the
fat already stored in . the, soldier's ' body
to Bupply his needs. The German army
uses large, quantities of peas and beana,
¦which -'- contain much nutrition, .but we
found that they 'caused disorders' of -the
stomach unless thoroughly cooked, and
only, the eating will tell how well they
have been cooked. • . ¦
Coffes Favorite Stimulant.
"There was considerable discussion in
choosing our stimulant; Eight out of ten
Americans .prefer coffee to tea or choco
late. Few Americans like tea. There
was an Insurmountable obstacle in the
way of our choosing coffee — namely, that
it loses its strength, when parched. The
board deceived a sugar-coated coffee pill
which was highly recommended. The
sugar was good, but *he coffee was' no
longer coffee. A cake of parched and
ground coffee, tightly compressed, came
from Germany, and was reasonably good,
but it took up too much space to* be used
with the ¦ ration. In choosing sweetened
chocolate the board got '.a. serviceable
stimulant. ; Chocolate can be eaten like
candy, and fire and water are not needed
to prepare It for use. In addition to its
stimulating quality, which Is not tissue
building, chocolate contains cocoa butter
a food.
• "The question to be decided is whether
our ration has sufficient quantity and
quality and will' not nauseate when used
alone. ¦¦¦¦¦.. . ' •
Acting Commissary General "Weston. to
whom the report was submitted in Wash
ington, and who triu forward it to tha
All of the medical men. college demon
strators and military authorities who'
have been consulted acree that these
army experiments axe of great value In.
any event, because they are certain .to
lead scientists to study the questions In
volved more- assiduously than ever. It
was conceded that the need of an emer
gency ration was very great, but the
health of the men should not be sacri
ficed for considerations of. space or alzs
of ration.
It is felt on every hand that now, while
the nation Is at peace, the time is ripe
to make such tests and that with the at
tention of the army and the medical fra
ternity pointed toward It no doubt be
fore long a ration *rill be devised that
may be condensed astonishingly so that
soldiers, explorers, sportsmen and 'others
Professor Atwater observed that If th3
men were as actively employed as If they
were in a regular campaign, engaged l.i
battle, more food, would be required than
If they were doins only routine work.
Then, too. the character of the Ingredients
of the concentrated ration was a very im
portant factor.
Another professor said he was of tha
opinion that a soldier would require more
than a pound of food a day (the estimated
weight of the r.ew emergency ration)/ no
matter how hlshly concentrated It was.
for there appears to be no food that would
furnish an adequate ration for a fighting
man that could be concentrated Into bj
small a compass.
Many persons not connected with tha
army are interested tu this test of con
centrated food. Professor W. O. Atwater.
the expert food analyst of Wesleyan Uni
versity, said to the Herald representative
that the Government experiment was in
teresting beyor.d question, but- he made
the same j-f mark that other well qualified
critics made, namely, thet the men who
were subjected to the test were under
no nervous strain, ns men In actual war
fare would be. and their physical condi
tion was likely to be materially modified
In consequence.
Professor Atwater's Views.
Secretary of War. with such' comments as
he sees fit to make, said while in New
York last week that the result of the tesia
would undoubtedly be made fho basts t.u"
adopting an emergency ration. But thu
decs not mean that in emergency ration
will be rated as a regular ration, no mat
ter how favorable the report may be.
It is the pride of the Commissary De
partment that it always manages to hava
an ample supply of the fu.. army ration
accompanying every mlllta.-y expedition,
however sudden the departure or remote
the place.
When the new form of emergency ration
is adopted its use will be made available
by distribution at every army post. It will
be hermetically sealed anO will keep in
definitely. Tbe ration can be used when
an expedition is starting and if the regu
lar supplies keep pace with »..e soldiers
it can be returned. On each can'ordei^
are Drinted that the ration is not to be
opened except by order of an offlcer or in
extremity. Directions as to how to pro
pare the food are printed on. the in3kio
wrappers and In case there are no facul
ties for preparation the ration may bo
eaten dry.
•
Tj=5\fiOVENlJfc:rt In pellets has come
L^ with a vengeance. The tablet
k Idea of administering: medicine has
been extended to the dietary of
the poldler in the n>ld. the «•
purer, the sportsman, the tourist and all
others who have to leave their base of
supplies. The Joke about Inviting a
Tri«-n<3 to luncheon and filliping a capsule
Jr.to his mouth as he gapes with astonlsh-
Xnent Is becoming a grim reality.
Le. c t «wk a report was made to the
War Department by a board of officers,
composed of Captain 8. W. Fountain of
the Eighth Cavalry and Captain F. W.
Foster of the Fifth Cavalry and Assist
ant Burgeon J. D. Poindexter, who re
cently left Fort Iteno. Okla.. with a de
tachment of troops for the rugged Klowa
and Comanche Indian Reservation In
6outhwestrrn Oklahoma, to test the dif
ferent emergency rations under conditions
approaching as nearly as possible those of
actual warfare.
Emergency rations are not a new-thing
trlth the War Department, but the pres
ent provisions are considered too bulky
end Impracticable because of being in dif
ferent packages. Each of the three ra
tions now being tested 16 Inclosed In tin.
of convenient shape for carrying In the
saddle bag. haversack or pocket. Each
package contains food for one person for
a day and the contents of each tin are
carefully divided and wrapped Into three
equal parts. '"".
For the purpose of contrast It Is well to
nolt the present emergency ration. This
ratkm was defined in an order signed by
Secretary Lamont on December 5, lSOd.
reading as follows:
Section I— Under the authority vested
In him by section 1HS of the Revised
Statutes the President hereby estab
lishes an emergency ration for troops
operating for short periods under circum
stances which require them to depend
upon supplies carried upon their persons.
Its component parts are as follows: : .
Bacon — 10 dunces.
Hard bread— 16 ounces.
Pea meal— 4 ounces, or an equivalent in
approved material for making eoup.
Coffee— 2 ounces froasted and ground).
cr tea. one-half ounce.
Saccharin— 4 grains.
Bait— M ounce.
Pepper— .04 ounce.
Tobacco — .',i ounce.
Bee. 2— The Secretary of War directs
that this emergency ration be resorted to
only on occasions arising in active opera
tions when the use of the regular estab
lished ration may be impracticable. That,
although Its nutritive qualities permit* its
vse on half allowance. It will not b« so
used, except la cases of overruling neces
sity and never for a longer period than
ten days, and that not more than flve
days' emergency rations be carried on
i!.o persons at one time. BHB
Wanted — an Ideal Ration.
Of course, the United States army needs
an emergency ration for the use of troops
eent suddenly into a hostile country be
yond a base of supplies, where It would be
Impossible to forage on the enemy.
Naturally, the ration should occupy a
THE SXJKBAY CALL.
7
WILL CONCENTRATED FOOD BE THE
DAILY BREAD OF THE FUTURE?•cpuld carry a week's or a month's sup
•ply with but slight weight -and a certitude
•or sufficient nourishment. : /
• Dr. Louis L; Seaman of 18 West Thlrty
•first street, late surgeon First United
•States Volunteer Engineers, who made a
.study of rations in Cuba, Porto Rico and
the Philippines, in a pamphlet on the sol
diers ration In the tropics, makes some
very pertinent commeni'd along the line
pi concentrated provender. He avers that
In the late Spanish-American war four
teen- men- died of disease for every one
that was kiUed by bullets.
"Every -death from preventable dis
ease." says Dr. Seaman, "is an Insult to
the intelligence of the age. The state de
prives the soldier of his liberty, pre
scribes his exercises, equipments dreas
and diet; It should, therefore, give him
•the beat sanitation and the best medical
supervision that the science of the agu
can devise. From a moral as well as an
economical standoolnt the state should
guard the soldier's health, for nothing is
more costly in war than disease and, after
war; than the pension, claims.
,"A personal experience in two of the
latest tropical wars «ind a study of ths
statistics- of others led me to the convic
tion .th.at the cause most prominent In
bringing about the conditions most favor
abje for the development of preventable
disease in both these" v. ars resulted' from
the misuse of food. • ". - . .-' , .
¦ OAir Rations TJnsuited to Tropics.
"It Is an old saying that 'the ration
wins the battle.' The potential energy of
tho ration served to .the American sol
dier In the tropics, reoreaented in caloric
units, is 4.4*8: that Issued to tho British
soldier in a temperate dimate is but 2«»
The American regular army ration a3 furl
nished to the army Is an excellent winter
food, rich in nutritive and caloric power
under a low temperature; but for a tropi
cal land the excess of carbon furnished by
It to the lungs, over and above that whlr-h
they can dispose of. imposas upon- th»
liver and kidneys additional duties of
elimination, producing congestions fer-
mentation .and catarrhs, dyspepsia and
itharm a. glvcusurla and phosphaturia
interfering with metabolism and creating
conaitions favorable to bacterial develop
rnent,..tor«her- with -almost the entire
fuTs ltals .. sease whlch "owded the army
In considering further the defects of the
ration Dr. Seaman said:
. -••The highly nitrogenous and heat pro
ducing elements of the United States fie;*'
~ tl( lVio e Of lntcre3t - xt contains: Nitro
f c . n> ¦ 1 2;2 2 -. grain8: PfoleJn, 113.26 gram"
lf*% 2 ll^Lj^ m^' ? n<1 carbohydrate*!
units /% "' represents in caloric
,V T , e^ nn(i v! cofr oo contain the identical
alkaloids, theine and caffeine; but for
campaign purposes tea has many ad van -
tages. - W hen compressed in calces it -Is
concentrated and easy of transDortatio*
S w £v ttln Y te ' Is su , mci ™t for tnfuslorf and
if takenjn a weak solution, .as it shou d
always be taken, the largar auantitv „•
palatable sterilized wai« Mntro^ced Wo
the system forms not only a refreVhi^r
SiSEmE bl V" muIa t« the processes of
digestion.. and;, increases „ remarkably • tha
soldier's power ; of enduring fatigue in hot
climates. A liberal ration for the soldter
In the tropics could be supplied i as foi-
1 «°ir«» : "if r Ji"i 1 L? iea V 10 oun «». or its cquiv-'
alent In dried and smoked beef- bacon 2
m u -to B v£j; r " u ' 0UBC , M: *?.i«3ffoi?
maize. 4 ounces; succulent and green veg
28S%&*sssu8» £&? area
'This allowance represents about ' 43
£^r n ,?* of . prot £ ln -- 1» of nitrogen. 83 of fat'
and AM of carbohydrates, and equals 3.300
Award of Merit
to be reserved for businrss purposes ana
for large official functions. Tie objection
to this plan was the material cua^ailment
of the President's domestic life which
are separated from the ornccs oy a single •
door, not even a corrjdor intervening. The ¦
butcher, the. baker and the expressman '
Jeliver their parcels at-the eaaic door :
where Embassadors' carriages wait,- and
it is. a fact .that the carriages are some
times obliged to pause While a delivery
Wagon discharges its load. The last Con
gress decided that such proceedings car
ried democratic simplicity too far, and a
commission was appointed to determine a
feasible plan for extending the building.
The report of this commission is now
ready and will be submitted, with draw
ings, to the Committee on Public Build
ings as soon as Congress convenes.
The plan agreed upon by the commis
sion 1 , with some slight modifications in
regard ' to -detail. Is that which is known
as '.'Mrs. Harrison's plan." This was the
first Mrs. Harrison, who. besides being an
admirable housekeeper, was an artist of
no. little ability. She was much averse to
the idea of turning the old house, dignified
with such . rich historical associations,
over to the business of tho executive.
Her husband but voiced her sentiments
when he declared that "notwithstanding
the numerous drawbacks and discomfit
ures of living in the White House in its
prescr-t condition, T do not believe there
Is a may or any presidential family, past,
present or future, who would not cheer
fully encounter many little inconveniences
rather than reside beyond the atmos
phero of historical events and associations
which cluster so thickly around this old
house, beautiful In Its simplicity."
Mrs. Harrison's plan involves the con
struction of an east and a west v/lnR of
steel and white marble, the west wins to
..contain tho. family rooms and perhaps
some rooms ¦' for official functions." The
east wins will provide additional quarters
for the ever Increasing staff of clerks and
secretaries, and also a* larpe state din
ing-room, caivable of seating a hundred
guests. Tho largest dining-room in the
White House at present will hold no moro
than fifty persons, and of late years all
the state" dinners' have -been laid in the
large main corridor on the first floon This
apartment la long: and narrow, and after
its extreme capacity' of seventy-six guests
has been tested there remains barely room
for the waiters to squeeze between the
backs of thf! chairs and the wall. Many
an elaborate coiffure has been demolished
during a state dinner at. the Executive
Mansion of one of the richest .nations In
the world. , '
Similarly there is no. drawing-room in
the hou:-:o worthy of our President's use.
The really beautiful blue parlor Is well
enough for small, formal occasions. In
this room the President receives newly ar
rived Embapsadors, diplomats and other
foreign visitors. It will not hold a large
company. Fifty people would be a tight
.fit. In the blue parlor, it will be remem
bered. Grover Cleveland married Miss
Folsom. It was into this room that Presi
dent Oarfield was carried when he 'was
brought homo after the attack of the as
sassin urion him.
The preen parlor, Importantly called the
music room, probably because it is filled
to the doors with a grand piano, is such
an uglv. crowded apartment thftt no. one
could ever choose. to sit down in it. The
red parlor is the room most used as. a
drawing-room by • the Presidential fami
lies. In the early seventies, and even the
early eighties, we would have deemed this
a very elegant apartment indeed. Nnwn.
reconstruction of the house this portrait
will undoubtedly be given a more suitable
place. It needs a pertain modernity Jof
snvironment.
There will be no object In altogether
worX Is felt by Washington people. They
have been promised a sight of the plaster
model of the reconstructed house, which
will form one of the exhibits at the Cen
tennial Fair to be held In December.
WILL CONCENTRATED FOOD BE THE
DAILY BREAD OF THE FUTURE?
caloric units, or more by 400 than the avw
erase given In the dietary quoted by ilun*
son for men at hard labor In the tropics."*
-_^p Dr. Shrady's Opinion.
Dr. George F. Shrady said:
"My experience has been that men want
to get rid of their regular ration as soon
as they can. An army travels on i's
stomach. From the time of Alexander th«
vital Importance of a good commissariat
has been recognized. Napoleon used to m
spect personally his army kitchens and
unexpectedly taste the food supplied Tm:|
Idea of supplying a certain amount of tha
chemical constituents necessary to nour
ish a man is all very well, but when you
put fats, proteids and the rest Into test
tubes It's aulte a different matter from
satisfying the material man. Certain vivi
fying processes axe absent.
"It la a curious thing that when an in
dividual ardently craves a certain edlbl«
his whole digestive apparatus is so stim
ulated that he can manage it much better
than at any other time. Wo have teeth
a Delate. Jaw muscles and other pieces
of machinery that are Ignored, if not In
sulted, when you pop a tao.ei into a
man s. mouth and say: There, you've had
your dinner.'
"There's work for all the body to do La
.maintaining the level of nourishment.
Stop using a muscle or a- limb and It
atrophies and becomes useless. We do not
want to become toothless and \ix\*
through neglect.
,"T n i r . e is one thln 5 t^at ought to ba In
duced in that ration and that's tobacco.
Seventy-five per rent of the men in tha
• army would appreciate that. I've seen
em trade anything they possessed for
tobacco. They will tear their shirts off
and stick them on a bayonet, walk right
toward the enemy's trenches and beg or ...
barter for tobacco.
"It's a wonderful stimulant for worn
out, drooping men. It's a sedative, too.
Men in the tropics must smoke almost
constantly. Deprive them of tobacco and
you enervate them. Mind, I am not ad
vocating tobacco for everybody or every
thing, but .as part of an emergency ratios
for our army boys."
• Major Brainard on Tobacco.
•Major Brair.ard. who Is at the head of
the local commissary cepartrncnt of the
army, echoed these Sentiments. He satd
he had seen a man trade a gold watch for
a small quantity of tobacco. He saict
while he was in charge of the commissary
depot at -Manila- he did not m?.ke requisi
tions for much of the pea and bean fiour
allowed in the ration list, because ho
knew It would soon spoil. J4»ce an.l other
carbohydrates Were substituted with sat
isfactiop. Colcnel Woodruff, or the com
missary department, is another man who
strongly recommends tobacco aa a. part
of the" emergency ration.
At a couple of the big dealers ixx
sportsmen's outfits It wa9 sa.u that th.»
army ration test wa3 bcinjr watched very
closely.,- At present one of the three va
rieties of emergency "ration now being
trl-d has a la/ff*» sale among hunters, and
campers out. The ration declared most
serviceable is likely to be adopted by a
jrrrat many who wan; to carry aa litti*
bulk as possible while afield.
- It is ¦surprising how many varieties oC
ccnuVnsed and concentrated food are ob
tainable nowadays. Soups, desiccated
fruits and vegetables. ar.d hermetically
sealed packages of divers edibles are sold
day in and day out to all sorts of people.
The chemists and manufacturers declara
that there is almost aa much nutrition in
them as in the normal product.
Physicians are able to have prescrip
tions of almost every conceivable sort
put upjin tablets, lozenges, pills and pet-/
lets.- Food as such has been quite as sue- A
cessfully condensed Into its essentials'^
and now the refinement of concentration
finds its last reduction in the emergency
Build New Wings for White House
t=ipHE newly elected President will
I have the unique experience of wit-
Ji nesting the reconstruction of the
White House. Not since the re
building made necessary after the British
invasion early in the century have any
important changes been mad* In the
White House, and the old place stsads
practically aa it did In the days of pretty
Mrs. Van Buren. The Question ox provid
ing better, or at least larger, quarters for
the President's family has been agitated
for a number of years. One plan contem
plated the purchase of a ssparat* boos*
for a private residence, th« Ifffrtfr
would be Involved. The business of the
executive office has Increased very greatly
within the last five yearB, and since the
Spanish- American war the pressure has
been so severe that even the semi-weekly
receptions have had to be * abandoned.
The President sees no one except on busi
ness or by special appointment.
That something would have to be done
la the way of alteration and enlarging has
been apparent for a dozen years. As Pres
ident Harrison laughingly remarked on
csxs occasion, the Presidents' families are
In the position of the grocer who lives
the shop. The private apartments
rnut or i nc ncwiUT
days it looks heavy, somber and alto
gether depressing. Mrs. McKlnley had a
new carpet put In recently, which light
ens It up a little, but Its claret-colored
gloom remains for the, most part undis
turbed.. There are some interesting por
traits in the red parlor— a lovely one of
Mrs. "Prince John" Van Buren, who-pre
sided so gracefully over the White House
some sixty years ago. Another of Mrs.
Tyler is full of charm. Huntingdon's por
trait of Mrs. Hayes, In & sweeping red
velvet gown, fits into the color scheme
and the general motive of the room bet
ter than any of the others. Mrs. Harri
son, in a really artistic blue satin dress.
Is superior to her surroundings. In the
abandoning: these parlors. They will prob
ably be left pretty much as they are now
and will be used occasionally. The east
room will hardly be disturbed. It is not
a beautiful room, according to the taste
of the present day, but It Is thoroughly
dignified and is admirably adapted to cer
tain uses. There la to be a ball room In
one of th» new wings, and it will be used
also for the two large receptions which
mark the opening and losing of the so
cial season In Washington. The Inaugural
ball is now given in the pension building,
which does not seem exactly appropriate.
The plans and specifications aa now
drawn call for an expenditure of at least
a million dollars. Great Interest In th«
THE SUISTDAY CAli
8
WRITES A LETTER OF APPRECIATION
TO THE CALL
• ¦¦. ¦ .
• To the Editor of the San Francisco. Call-Dear Sir: 1 I an in
receipt of a handsomely executed certificate from.TJhe Call's "Homo
Study Circle." certifying' that I passed an excellent examination, in
Trench. v . .• ...
: I am very much pleased at this unexpected result of my pleas
ant labors and desire to say that I .consider "The ¦ Home' Circle"
studies, in all of its departments, a very ust*ul and profitable meth
od of diffusing knowledge. 1.
¦ " • I wish to thank you and to compliment Th« Call upon this de
partment of that journal. Very truly, • JffiBSi'S. J. SILL. .
Mrs. -Stephen' J. Sill.
Continued from Page Seven.A coolie who is well along in the art of
dirt eating is swollen all over the body
and the muscles of his' legs are tense.
His face is puffy and he has a distressing
look of weariness and premature age. H«
Is short of breath and is unable to speak.
so that he has to make signs to. indicate
his condition. His tongue is swollen and
flabby and lies on the floor of his mouth,
from which he cannot raise it from pure
weakness. It is marked strongly with
impressions -of the He has severe
headaches, dimness of sight and pains in
the abdomen. His skin la thin, flabby and
lacking In firmness, and. even in the caso
of children, feels like the skin of an aged
person. The complexion is pasty.
But to have the diseases incident to dirt
eating it Is not necessary 'to eat dirt In
tentionally. ' Laborers In the fields who
rarely wash their hands haVo been
known to take enough dirt Into their
stomachs by handling their food with
their unwashed hands to acquire all tho
ills which afflict those who eat dirt be
cause they Ilka It.
times the pulverized dirt is made Into
cakes. If there isn't much of this to bo
had the coolies eat Tags, paper and coke.
ILLS OF DIRT-EATERS.
YOU can't convince the coolies of the
Grenadine Islands, West Indies,
.that there is any harm in eating
dirt. Their own- diseases ought to
convince them, but they don't. The rest
of their diet is simple and' meager. For
the most part 'they are vegetarians. They
eat rice, peas, curry and ghee, a special
ly prepared butter in great use. Most
professing vegetarians do - not exclude
f re m their diet milk and eggs, but these
ccolics will net touch either, except when
they are in a hospital and are forced to
do so. To hard "workers in the cane fields
under a scorching tropical sun such a fru
gal diet cannot be supposed to be pro-»
ductlve of health or robustness. 'And
when to this sort of food is added the
luxuries of dirt eating; it is no wonder
that these coolies are bloodless and stiff
jointed. These ills are characteristic of
the race.
Coolie patients in the English hospitals
of Carriacou, one of theGrenadinel3land».
frequently are found to have gravel hid
den In their clothing, and* they cry and
beg for It, like the morphine eater for his
dope. .This stuff which they eat is a
soft slate-colored or grayish stone. Some-
Within a" few. months she made her first
appoararice on the stage in Dryden's "In
dian Emperor," winning much commen
dation. : Pepys, under date of April 3, 1635,
records: "All the pleasure of the play was
the King and my Lady Castlemaine were
there- and pretty witty Nell of the King's
house;. and the younger -Marshal, sat next
to us, which pleased me mightily."
Of her Florlnel," . in Dryden's' "Secret
Love," Pepys wrote: "I can never hope
to see the like done again." Later he
were, that there would be no "killing dis
approval of making ihe mistress of one of
England's Kings theheroine of a play, to
be presented . before the members of a
court whose head has had little -counte
rance for such things at any time
throughout hev' long, reign.- -
The venture is- already a great success
jr. Enplani), and will ; doubtless prove so
in Arr.erica.'
"Pretty, witty' Ne.ll." as Peoys styled
her. Everybody, spoke well of her. Even
Evelyn, who hated all others of her class,
spoke kindly of "Mr3. Nellie." ¦ •
¦' Nell Gwyn was low in stature, what the
French call mignonne. and piquant, well
farmed, • handsome but red headed- and
rather, embonpoint: of the enjoue she was
a complete mistress. . Airy, fantastic and
sprightly, she sang, danced and was ex
actly made for acting light, showy char
acters She had "lively, laughing eyes,
but. so. small that they were almost in
visible when she laughed and a foot *he
least of any woman in England."
"Her merry manner, her natural wit and
her constant . good humor ennbled her. to
hold' her own at court as well as on the
stage, while her liberality made her loved
by the people." It was due to her kind,
sympathetic heart and persuasive 'powers
with the King that Chelsea" Hospital waa
erected. Her > own ; private liberality was
only" bounded by the length of her purse,
which the King, however, kept fairly, well
filled:: :
', On the other hand. It is said that she
came' into the world in L«ondon,' February
¦Hereford lays claim to being her birth
place,-and th^ street' where she was sup
posed; to i have been'born,. formerly Pipe-
Veil, lane; is now, Gwyn street, and a tab
let on the » wall of the Bishop of Here
ford's garden ; erected In 1S83 is said to
'mark the very spot of , her birth.
'The St. Albans. property includes Best
wood Park, Nottingham, which was set
tled on Nell by Charles IL Burford House.
Windsor, on the site of which now stands
the Royal .Mews, was also given to her
by the King, and there he. spent with her
a creat deal o* time.
Nell Gwyn survived her royal lover two
years, and died In the Pall Mall house'of
apoplexy. November, 16S7. and was buried
in the old church of St. Martin'? in the
Fields. Dr. Fenisbn, afterward Archbishop
of Canterbury, preached her funeral ser
mon.
In 1634 he married the lovely Lady Diana
de Vere, daughter of the twentieth Earl
of Oxford, by whom he had eight sons.
The ninth DtiRe of St. Albans was. mar
ried In 1S26 to the famous actress Harriet
Millon, by the Duke's uncle. Lord Freder
ick Beaucierk, Bishop of Hereford. Nell's
reputed birthplace.
as for the sn;I!?j of Charles II, so two of
England's best known actressej. Miss Ju
lia Neiloon and Miss Marie Tempest, are
rival.* in their impersonations' of the first
named player— Miss Nellson at the Hay
market arid Miss Tempest at the Prince
of Wales Theater.
America; too, will have an opportunity
of seeing and passing on "the new theat
rical eensation," and also of paying for
the privilege.
Ada Rehan, who has for some time been
m Europe In search of a play that suited
.her fancy and talents, now corres home
satisfied with "Sweet Nelly, of Drury
Lane," with which she will at once !pro
ceed to feel the pulso of theater-loving
New York, and then- star the other prom^
islng cities of the country., She, too, will
soon have her' followers, others rushing
to share favors and gains. • . "•
It is said that : the. Idea of making Nell
Gwyn the heroine of a play was suggested
to an English theatrical manager on see- 1
Ing the splendid picture lately added to
the Tate collection, which was started
and sketched out by Landseer to represent
Queen Victoria leaving Windsor Castle
2, 1651, in the'Coalyard, Drury Lane, where
up to afew years ago stoou a house called
"Nell Gwyn's House," where, her father
sold. coals for many years after she be
came famous. ¦ . ...
Nothing Is anown of her childhood ex
cept that she sold strong waters to gen
tlemen, until ehe.made her appearance as
an orange girl in the pit of the Drury
Lane Theater, standing with her back to
th« stage and bandying words of wit with
the gentlemen libertines. of the town.
"Who 1* the handsome orange wench?"
was asked by the ouMlc en.: uiayers alike.
and finished years after by Mlllals as Nell
Gwyn on horseback. The history of this
painting and the favor with which it was
received by the publio was an evidence
of Nell's popularity and an assurance that
no noble EenBibllltles would be hurt by the
public reproduction of the story of her'
life. That sufficient time had elapsed to
dim the brightness of the "bar sinister"
on the «hleld of the noble family who
owed its line to the peculiar relations
which existed between the comedy actress
of Drury Lane Theater and England's gay'
King. Charles II: an assurac&», too, as It
wrote ef her appearanc» In tie **Tatfl«n
Emperor**: **I was most Infinitely dis
pleased with her being pat to act the
'Emperor's daughter.' which la a great
and serious part, which she does most
basely.**
In serious characters) Nell Gwyn was
universally admitted to be a failure- and
rarely attempted them. Jler fort« was
comedy, and she took part in very m*ny
Plays.
Tradition states that It was In the epi
logue of Dryden's "Tyrannic LowT* that
she first captivated the roving fancies of
King Charles, so that he went t>«hind th«
curtain after the performance and car
ried her off.
Her last appearance on the stag* was
when she epoke the prologue to Dryden's
"Almanzar and Almahlde." or "Conquest
of Granada." when she wore a straw hat
as big aj a cartwheel and made a tremen
dous hit. The audience went into convul
sions and the very actors giggled, a cir
cumstance which was never observed be
fore.
The postponement of this play. In th»
spring of 1670, until she was abl* to ap
pear, confirmed tha report of her associa
tion with the King, which had be«n whis
pered around before.
In this year," 1670, she moved to Pall
Mall— the Army and Navy Club now occu
pies the site— and the next year moved
over to the opposite or south side, where
her garden adjoined that of the King.
Here her second son. Lord James Beau
clerk, who died In Paris, In 1680. was born.
December 23. 1671.
Her first son, Charles Beauderk. the
founder of the noble house of St. Albans.
was born May 8 of the previous year. In
Lincoln's Inn Fields. Nell's wtt Induced
the Kins to bestow on him a title, and
December 27, 167S, he was created Baron
Headington and Carl of Burford and on
January, 10, 1631, the King made him Duke
of St. Albans and appointed him Regis
trar of the Hich Court of Chancery and
Master Falconer of England, which latter
office was made hereditary, and the pres
*ent Duke, the eleventh of his line, is He
reditary Grand Falconer of England.
The Kins also made his son Charles a
colonel of horse, and he distinguished
himself as such at the battle of Belaxade.
He was also a Knight of the Garter*.
"pretty, witty Ne"" soon to Be seen fn- flrpei'tca.
Mell Gwyn Furor That Promises to
Take the Country by Storm
THE SUNDAY CALL.
«=^IIE N'eU Owyn.:--ruror :1s on. She
., JJ hold* Mthe 'boards.^ -to -crowded houses
Ji. In, the. two leading London theaters
¦. 'and she jhas. started across the wa
ter to capture 'N.csr. York y ¦-'
xyitix fit' ia'eascry---wjeji ' preserved, by. rnir
xnerous pifntersii ¦poets'. 'Wits land writers^
and in the persons 9*-4 succession of no
ble descendabts!.. «he" : hxu5. unMl.lately; re
tnain-ecl. uapdeitly lir-the !-baicicj?rotinil tic
Trt:ich-*'be : waji;rt > .)t?s'at"ftd My'ia'i'-.^ry cit
tiaai*tai^tt. «f^b^|Ift/to.which : ibe .ow.eil
her greatest lifotninence ln.;her :own day. -I
¦ Xdw, "however, ./after; -a... lapse, of over.
two VynarcdycarpVsKe: Is. brought proml T
Efntljr : to, th'e:'f font; '{":;¦'';¦:'.:. ]¦ ['¦¦,./'.
¦ It-is cot by pure sentiment;- ¦ ¦¦ -\
: : Tb»; ' instinct; : ip . :the ruling
mBtiv«,.;. ; /..;;v ;"'"¦";; ¦¦^¦¦¦¦ : y ' ; !•••'; .'.'
The;; shrewfi: ikMtrical. manager, Ecan
nlnjf -the 'pa^es of .the" paat- for' some new
dramatic; RubJeeC'Vaw; In; "Prrjtty. witty
Nell Gtiyn? a; new;Wnsatipn^ Iji the stoTy
of hier 'life 1 ' as hraj}ce. : . ; £irl and actress,
inriistTcrs'tO:;* :*£lngrr.ari<l riiothef .ot a' line
pf British p^er^i th.e/basii?: t>f. ian assuredly
successful plait. /and :he Jfijbtenfed to have
his ideas treirHe<i .oullfo'VCoinbetehi hand?
in the rorm most likely to touch tna. c-a».
lie heart,; making the most of. the beauty
ar.d wit as seen by the .public of her own
day. ¦ who kpow her- tost.' as "the hand-.
Fome orange wench'.' or ; the ¦.] comical
actress. ••'; .¦¦¦"; '¦'.-...¦ ' l '¦' '¦' ¦¦ ¦¦'.'¦
.' "Whether .by discovery of
a new 'star. <3i\- driven by sheer.'. desire to'
share In Ihe popularity and profits sure to
follow a proper presentation of a play
founded en such an Interesting character,
a >econd manager,, also; .about -the same
time, made his preparatlcins for putting
"Nell Gwyn'' on his: stage. •¦• . .
So; twr> plays, of like name and on the
same>SFential.baslV but- worked but by
different .-mlnjis and varying lines;; are
r.ow 'rivals for public favor in the- British
capital. And just'as Nell Gwyn and .M6I1
Davits were- rivals for', the favor of the
playgoing public in their own day,, aa well
9~*t (CcnttaitA xwixt **Mfei -
"One day, sweetheart, we will explore
thfi Rockies together. I doubt If there la
anything .more beautiful or romantic In-
Europe or America than Colorado, even
judging from the little I have yet seen of
it, in a district that is being knocked
about by prospectors and mining op«ra
tlona. 1 am sending to the Mall a de
scriptive letter whicn I hop© will Interest
Chipago, as well as Parkside, and more
particularly yourself.
"I have been singularly lucky, so far:
though there Is one little shadow on my
good fortune that I will mention later.
One cannot have everything one desires
in this life. It would not do for us to be
too happy: nor must victory be too easy.
When I say this I think of the nights and
tiays of anxiety and heartache that Inter
vened before I dared make love to you,
my Zella; and then tha fears that beset
me lest I should lose you. You were so
unapproachable, you know; now, wera
you not? So self-reliant, so manful In
your femininity,, If I may say so: had
such independent ways, and such mu3cle.
Yes, you had; you know you had. How
you floored that brute In State street!
Shall I ever forget It? and to think that
for days Jce Williams chaffed me about
circus girls, and women who lifted
weights in side shows! He had guessed
all the time who you were, and, went
straight to the "Women's Athletic C?ubJ
But even under that glimpse of. yotf. in
the lamplight I knew that you were Ideal,
that you rivaled Diana: that with tha
trained strength of your arms you had
the grace of a beautiful womanhood." ;
¦ '. "Shure and his mother must 'ave bten
Oirish!" remarked Bridget O'Hasan, to
whom Zella waa reading extracts from
Xed Glover's most recent letter.
• "You mean to say it's all blarn«y?"
said Zella, with a happy smile.
"Me.darllnt, it's the gift av a btv natura
that's come to him natural through his
mother. No need for Mlsther Glover to
kiss that sacred stone. '¦*
Bridget was knitting, more by way of
keeping herself quiet than for the sake
of the stockings that were growing very
gradually under the flashing of her four
long needles. Without this occupation
she could not have endured to wait while
Zella read bits of the letter to herself,
only selecting passages here and there for
Bridget's ears.
"My address, as you have already
noted," continued Xed, "Is 'care of Solo
mon Danks, Prudent's Gulch, Platts Val
lejvvia the Red Horse Forks, Colorado.'
A lot of it. eh? But the country here
abouts l.< all bo unsettled. "We tap tha
coach route at the Forks, and so letters
reach the railway track and then on to
Chicago, straightaway. I follow this epis
tle with - my. thoughts, and see you read-
Ing It in d.ear old Parkside. First, I see
you alone. In -your own chamber, and my
heart beats at the picture; then I se« you
In Bridget's parlor, read ins? parts of It.
and I hear the dear soul's Irish compli
ments and criticisms.
•""While I am writing my- partner Is
watching me, when he is not watching his
fox terrier, a keen little Imp that does
everything but talk. Yes, dear; I have a
partner. What a partner I shall contract
with one day. soon: to cherish and protecc
and love until death us do part! You will
never know how dearly I love you. But
this other partner-is a grizzly old chap,
with the brownest and most trustful eyes
you ever saw In the face of man, bushy
eyebrows, and wrinkles that coma of
hardship and weather and labor; a strong,
sturdy old fellow, much older than ha
looks, with an expressive mouth, and tha
kindliest smile. He Is ay picture of tha
typical mmer of romance: a rough,
weather-beaten almost grim-looking old
chap, with the heart of a woman and tha
courage of a British soldier. Ha took a
fancy to me from the moment wa met;
said he wanted 'a pard,* and offered ma
a share of his. latest holding", which ha
had Just begun to work. I planked down
tha 'fastening penny." as the English
farmer calls the payment on account: and
he has - given me" comfortable quarters.
He's a bit of a sybarite in his way. HIj
diggings, or hut or cabin, or whatever Is
the right name. Is unique,' even here. It
is placed on the side of the ridga that
slopes down to Blind Man's Drift, over
looking a stretch of valley that, were It
not marred by new drifts and heap* of
tailings, and a bit of half-burnt forest
that gives the back of a hill the appear
ance of a gigantic porcupine, every quill
a burnt tree stump, would b« 'Just too
lovely/ as your descriptive American
phrase has It. .'-.', , ¦ ....
"At night the sky is luminous with
stars. One of them, I think It Is tha even
ing star, might be a diamond with many
facets under tha electric light. • Another,
Mars, seems to radiate gUnts of tha ruhy. •
I don't think I like Mars. The north star
reminds me of you— clear, steadfast and
true. Standing at the door of tha Danks
and Glover shanty, with night's lampj
above and against the distant hlllsida
the twinkling candles of Blind Man's
Drift dotting the little world below, tha
scene might be fairyland. Blind Man's
Drift is half -hidden by groves of forest
trees, which the miners have not yet mo
lested. Fancy my partner havlne a spara
room in his cabin! It waa a lumber shed:
we have made It quite swell. My bed is
rigged up like a berth on a ship. Your
picture hangs In the best light the small
¦window . affords. A curtain covsrs my;
spare clothes.
DREAMING OF LOVE AKI> HAPPI
NESa
"This Is my third letter," wrot* Glover
to his "beloved Zeila," who had duly
treasured his previous epistles of love ana
hope, and records of travel, "and Z am
writing It under far more pleasant condl-.
tions than I could have hoped to achieve
when I set foot In this wonderful region.
One of my fears had been that winter
might lock me up and postpone my re
turn. And I find there is no winter to
speak of. In—the higher mountains the
weather Is cold enough -to keep their tops
white, as I see them now, but they ars
glittering In the sun. In Platts Valley •
there has already been snow, but It dis
appeared in a day. The air ia dry and in
vigorating:. '
;To his dishonorT"
.."J had hoped to spare y© the sordid
thing. But since It's the will av th» Houly
Mother, why her gracious will b« donal
Come Into the parlor."
As Zella entered the room, the coup*
drove up with Mr. Dexter.
"Xovr.. Libby, as ye chuse to be called,
ye'll obey me to the lettherT*
"To the letter: and to the death!* 1 said
the girl, whose feelings had been Judi
ciously, not to' say. sympathetically play
ed upon by Bridget O'Hagan. during th»
Interval of the disappearance and return
of the coupe. •¦".-¦
"Now, Misther Dexter, take a Bate,"
said Bridget; "and for security we'll lock
the»door and take- out the kay, that no
meddlin' body shall disturb the coort. Vt%
sit wid closed doors, as: the sayln' Is; liut
we'll waste no time wid formalities. You
have suborned this woman to take part
in a conspiracy."
"Mistress O'Hasan!" said Dexter.
"It's a mighty poor price ye've paid for
the trayson! Ye've tould ma, and I foind
ye've been base enough to tell my Zella,
that Misther Glover's an Immoral scamix
the wor6t kind av man that eodsts: and
to put him further away from Ms happi
ness, that he's married. . . . Don't
spake, or Til bate yer head la wld th*
poker!" ' ¦. .-' /- ¦". • " '. '_ .'
"Bridget., dear, b* calm." said Zella.
•'Yes— for God's sakal" said D«ncter.
"There's- no sense In ralalns the «roet.**
•••I'll raise hell upon ye before rvo don«
wld ye. y» mane, shrunken conspirator!"
said Bridget- "Listen now, all «,y yet
This woman was to be tha lrvln* proof
av Ned Glover*B Infamy."
"Spare us, Brid«»t, dear!" said Zella,
"Spare the poor creature, too. It 1»
enough. Mr. Dexter, you may ro."
"Oh! thank you!" said the woman, wh»
had brushed the last smudge of roug*
from her face, and was now whit* u th»
lace about her neck.
"It's all a He,' said Dexter. Toiir»
is the conspiracy."
"It Is no lie!" said the woman, rtstay
up and looking almost beautiful, her hair
dragged about her face. r,L?:-\
, "Curse you. for a traitorous wretch*"
he said. "As for you, Bridget O'Hagan
I'll have you whipped out of th© city.' 1
"Will ye, bedad? Thin away wld ya
about it. before I brain ye!" And. un
locking the door, she added. "Out y« go,
ye ylle reptile!"
•'Miss Brunnen, you don't believe what
that woman says? You will give ma a
chance?"
. "To hang 1 yourself!" said Bridget. And
she pushed him Into the passageway, asd
following him up. opened tha outer floor
and rated at him so fiercely that ho hur
ried into the' road.
• After which fusillade she stagger.ed into
the little parlor and fell exhausted Into
the arms of Zella.
CHAPTER XXL
eyes were dark aa night and bright* as
stars.
. "I am Libby- Doolan," oho said, fllnsintf
aside her sables and taking- a seat. .
. "Oh, lndade," said Mistress O'Hagan,
preening her feathers, as U were and
cocking up her head. "Oh lndade I Is It
permitted for an ould woman: to guess
what ye are and why you come here?"
"It ' Is. permitted you to do what you
please," said Libby. "Where's my man,
Ned Glover?" . -
"Misther Glover Is on . a Journey."
*"Is he bo? It's a nice trick he's playing
me. his lawful wife."
"His lawful wife, is it?"
"Them was* my words/' •
"Shure, ye'd better 'ave married Misther
Hiram Dexter; he's rich. Mlsther Glover's
as poor as a Dublin hackman." ':.
"That' don't make no difference. I'm In
. business. He ; managed to ' keep : me ; when
ttrst: we was acquainted,- These last; two
months he's lived- on me." .r
"Has he . so ! And who bought ye thim
folne things, and . the Jewels on- yer
hands?'-'
¦"Thatls my affair. : I am told that Mr.
Glover, disowns '. me,', makes ; out he - never
knew me, and Is : going. to wed. some other
woman. I want to sDare ' her : the • misery ;
of committing bigamy." That's what- I'm'
here tor." >¦¦•;. ' -^s*ttmxmi$*iy wubrj.
"Now, listen to • me, Mlsthress ! Libby
Doolan, and don't fly, up at what I'm goin'
ter say; for if, ye play me false." by all.tho
saints that> watch -i over r honest ¦ wimmln.
I'li.'ave. the law on; yer— by ; Houly Saint
Mary I will, right away I" .-. :
"Oh, you needn't -think to, alarm me or
ruffle my, temper," said Libby,* at the same
time betraying a sudden anxiety. r v*gwa*d
. "Ye'r© a wiclted woman: and it graves
ma to the quick that y» should be eallln'
under the false colors av an Olrlsh name.
Ye're no Olrlsh woman!" -.. , ¦¦¦¦¦-¦¦•. r ¦.
. . >'BT Saint PatricH, TiuJ; X am t
¦ ; -W-itrWaitr' ":Sq\d' t^z'.Wo-
; ,man f .:; teppng Between
.. Bridget and the Mess-en:
ger.Bsll/ . '¦'¦ ' '¦":.. \ ' '". \
poured out a full glassf and drank :tt at
tWO gulps. ¦ . : '. ; ¦
"I am ; not exciting; myself. I want you '
to be m>; partner in this great game,
man am. : Money speaks.' Here's a tliou
sand collars as' a guarantee." . . ...
He took from his breast pocket a roll
of notes and thrust them upon her. At
the Fame time he was astonished that she
did not refuse them. When, however, she
took them, and. fumbling for her pocket .
somewhere in the back of -her dress, put
them away, his eye3 sparkled with a cun
ning joyfulnes3.
"That's right, my dear lady. Money's
the talisman: nothing moves without It."
"The saints forgive ye such blasphe
mies!" exclaimed Mrs. O'Hagan.
"It makes honesty a tliief ; it's the load
stone of women's hearts: makes old men'
young; ft buys love as It buys merchan
dise: it defies time, it bridges the ocean,
makes the granger a gentleman; gives
victory In war. gives luxury in peace and
makes a common man a deml-god. . It
makes you and me also friends, my dear
lady: and it shall teach our Zella not to
despise the man who can iay at her feet"
twenty million dollars! Think of It! Think
of it! Twenty million dollars! By Gosh!.
It makes me trembler who possess It, to
think of .the force of such a power. Dyna
mite isn't in it with it;. nor melinite. > All
the 'ites* ever Invented is a 10-cent pistol
compared with 'the power of twenty, mil
lions of. dollars!" •
He stretched out his arm's/ as If to em
brace the mighty pile: and then, falling
hack In :hls chair, chuckled and laughed
with- drunken Imbecility. • /
' "If ye was: to rade yer Tlstiment.
mlsther. . ." said the mistress of Park- .
Bide, contemplating him with pity, but ¦¦¦
. nof without Indignation; VI was sayln', If
ye'd rade yer Tlstiment- . .-.' ."" • ' .
•'Twenty million dollars!" 'he said, with
flamned Iteration and chuckling. '.'Twen- V
-ty millions!" -:•
." "Ye'd find Saint Paul agen ye; and Saint
Paul's an authority , not to be despised/*
"Ah, ahl Do they think: they can bluff
a man with twenty mllllohB ?" .
"Saint IPaul says 'the love ay money la
tbe root ar. ell tnV^-c- ¦ '¦:—¦-. '. -
hypocrite, nnd , U'h the pollis shall make
ye deny it!" .- •
Mistress O'Hagan rose iarid iwent to the'
messenger alarm; bell,-, to jpull which three
tIn ?, ea t would . bringuhe I officers of . the law. :
.'X /h , a t ' would y° u ¦ do 7>% asked i Libby. ¦ .
Call . for., a pollisman '. and . a"' wagon,', for
by the . Houly.i Mother = I'll f have • ye . in : the
house av correction,^ shure ; as 5 my « name's .
Bridget O'Haganl! And ye may dlpind'on
It, ye 11 : get banes -from Ithe : Chalf e,- who's '¦-
an: honest : Olrlshman and •• will -know » how )
to : rlvlnge his sacred ; country' for, the dls- .
gracln -av It by such aa you." : -
- Wait, wait!!' said "the -woman, stepping;
between Bridget and ¦> the 'messenger bell.
I come here to meet a< friend andf I find
an a »"»"y " t ilm!^''Ii5*Jtlilri*lEriMiiii ilMl4Ho*tf''j
, "Ye , find ; a counthry woman .whose "• heart '.
blades for the ; disgrace J you \ bring.? upon *
Ould . Ireland,;* and : the ' shame " ye . bring
upon wimmln ; in ; general ; to ; a ¦ counthry- ¦
woman - that can • forgive \ as well : as pun-"'
leh. Now, be thrue wid'mej'.be a woman.
Mlsthress' Brunnen i haa ' done ye ] no • harm ;
Mlsther. Glover ¦ cans never* have i seen yer
Mlsther Dexter.has paldye;to;throw mud."
Are the clothes ye^'aveion'yeriown?"
. The woman began'toifidgetrpulledat'
the strings of her, hat,"^ breathed ] hard I and I
for a ¦ moment : seemed •' about j: to \^ive * way I
to vthe : vigorous . attack f of i her .1 assailant. ? :
Mistress O'Hagan >¦ did t not * mistake : these f
Eigns of coming : victorr.'.V- '.:'-. -, : ¦-<
*.,'.' Ye ; may well * f ale \ tne I horror * av - yer
position.-* And to think w« are both Olrlsh'
wimmln, and perhaps av the same county,*
not'to name' the same? churrch!"
"Oh, -Mistress O'Hagan,! if = V only : durst
trust you !** ,.,-,;: v • .,., {*'>'<':-¦ ¦
"Ye've : tbrnsted * worse than « me, both •
wimmln; and men I*!. "..'; ; ..,.¦ . - -.
"God knows I hare, to my Borrow,? said
.the woman; .;, , : -.. ' ; .."-. ..; .¦•-'-¦¦.,. .-:
f- "Gurrl, how could y« debase yer comi""
tiny, ani y«raell7;t • - — '.¦•.•- v -'".' .-^rrr-;;
. "It's a. fortune! It .won't be hard to b«
good=wlth:that." .•
'': -'How much v' ave they paid ye to malign
¦Misther s > Glover;, and -blacken his white
jname?": ,': ' . ; •¦.--.• ¦ ¦ • -.
' "A 1 ragged hundred-dollar bill!" -.said tK»
jglrl, with flashing eyes.
''..- "Thin "* ye'll -work -hard for the biggest
'paymaster?" r .
• I'lliwork. hardv.for,;you' without ? a cent"
lit ye ask;me,- an<J;give ye the money back
-;— muchpoh.-much-as'I.want'it."* An -hour
: • ago * 1 1 think-: I'd r have committed - murder
for 5 two I thousand-^dollars." r> . - ,.
Cr-'iWaitrthln.itilM, tell yer man ter drive
r to ; the .'Palmer House : arid > fetch ; Mlsther
Dexter here. -,: ¦: He'll - come. He ; thinks he
V has s bought * me* as '. well v' as .- you ; me,
¥Brldeet*O'Hagan! .The ould fobr and vil
: lain !VL ?;,.:.. :'¦¦¦: ¦ -•"- ¦¦'.... »••:•¦ .-,-:¦ -?<
- "Butthat man iVwo'n't go without me. M r
S -"/'Now,' me ' glrlr attind to me.*; I'll sthand
'" by, ye; wid? money -and wld Influence. At
tind . now. Take aft yer , fur hat t *¦ put yer
Jewels 5 into -, It ; • pick up - thim eables,- go .
forth:, open the 1 door t avth«.coupy, put
thlm inside: eay to the driver, ?Thim's my
Becurlty, they ; snaka ios xoy truthj th«
:to me lnsthructlons,"
" She , handed * the ; notes . to the ' elrl, who
clutched them ¦ feverishly, - and dragging
' ; up;her brocaded gown found a pocket and
thrusttthem Into it! ; '
:"' "I'm *' not i Libby 'Doolan at all. They've
¦ dressed me up like this." It is a put-up
Job for me to break off the match between
a' young , woman ' and Ned Glover. < I never
eaw either: of them,! to my knowledge: I
\ didn't know it .was Hiram Dexter the job
wag '; to be . done f or ; • but I was • told you
knew ; what * I « had . to say,- and I ¦ am his
wlf e. ) j I •: don't i know; Mr. .Dexter, either." .
V'Ye)shallsknow;hlm; and whin ye make
- yer ; full p confession in Misther Dexter's
' prisince s and ,- in = mine ' ye shall < have the '
other thousand.", ., .- . -..; ¦¦ - • ¦
As fate would have it, during Mistress
O'JrJagan's interview Mr." Hiram Dexter
v/ast engaging. the attention of Miss Brun
nen on the' very subject of the bad wo
mah'a mission. i
Zella had made up her mmd to relin
quish Mr. Dexter's employment.. Mr."
Dexter had made .up his mind to make a
tinal throw for her.
He had been carefully groomed for the
occasion. His gray hair — all that was left
of it — was -faultlessly brushed, showing a
tuft where his bit of whisker began and
ended. His face shone, despite tne pow
der the barber had used upon his "clean
shave." He wore a white waistcoat, a
green tie, a single diamond In his' shirt, a
orown fro.ckcoat and trousers, and a
tiow.er in his buttonhole. His face was
pale, and his Iip3 seemed more compressed
than usual, the und,er-llp slightly, protrud
ing. A. keen, fierce, expression gleamed In
ins eyes, that were bright and watchful.
Ihero was a great falling off from the
man he was when first we made his ao-
QU 5 lnt 5 nce - A" the bluft In his manner
and the self-confidence were gone. He
was, nevertheless, not so unprepossessing
as Mrs. O'Hagan made out; and for tlrta
special occasion he had tuned hls : voice
. into an almost pleasant key.
<L el I a w _ ore a Ions gray cloak, with, hat '
and feather of- the same soft neutral tint,
her. hair pushed- back from her forehead.
,Ji n ' as p^ 1<rr than usual; but looked the
picture of health and strength, stood firm *>
In hershoes and held herself with a dig
ii«° P 2f? i n rem arkable contrast to the
shifty attitude of the millionaire.
. I desire that you will permit me. Mr.
Dexter, to quit your, service without no
h " l ?%?? d ' Miss •• 'Brunnen! Why this.
"I am uncomfortable and unhappy, sir.
vS™,?". work - feel no longer capable of
fulllHlng my duties- efficiently."
. , I am sorry," Dexter replied, rubbing
his hands (in a deferential, though protest-
I.%' m , a ° ner > ..•?'* attitude altogether
changed from his aggressively affection^
ate demeanor of the day before •
' I. fear I distressed you , yesterday I
was in a controversial mood. eh ? Not
w 6 / r t gh K, ly ' tha J th e Grand Pacific wine
waa to blame. It was good of you to do
•t£ v«,t ?E"i cl J' crealt ' But let me confess
to you that I am at. this moment calm
and collected; as Judicial of temper let
me say. as if I had thought out a great
busine^ scheme, and entered upon its ne
a '7tlVi't sh f e silld ' meetIn & his glance with '
wilf n^SaKffong".^ 1 - l h ° Pe y0U
vlno'^f Ys^'^-^r *S°Zh
Btand. If it was the wine that seemed to.
speak for me. it spoke true. Miss Brun
nen. I reiterate. I tell you now. in plain
what the. wine only hinted at—
"Mr. Dexter!" gald Zella, by way of
Protest, and .stepped back toward the
; door. ' ¦ •
"^P."/ 1 * tart -' I am'not going to molest
you. /
"I have no fenr of that."
. "Thank you. As we aie going to part. '
there is no harm in my telling you in
plain words what you must long since
have understood.". .
"I have . understood nothing" of the
Kind.".
"Then you are r very blind."
"I may have credited you with more
good- sense than you possess, Mr. Dex-
ter." • ¦••¦.,¦¦. - ¦'
"Pray be seated. You look as if you
contemplated flight, or as if you were not
listening."
. He left his desk and' placed a chair for
her. She seated herself, her eyes steadily
watching him. ¦
"You think I am afraid of you. You
are mistaken."
"Not a bit of it. I know your fighting
weight, as they say. I want you to com
prehend mine. Any young lady might be
proud to know that she absorbed the con
stant thoughts and attention of a man of
my position and wealth, and that with the
most honorable motives — marriage and a
princely settlement. Nay, listen. It Is
probably the last time I shall speak to
you on this subject."
"Then stand further away," she said,
rising.
He returned to his desk, sat down, •
thrust his hands, into his pockets, and
looked at her. •', . •
. "Under the Influence of my passion. •
stimulated by the Grand Pacific wine, you
may think 1 had resolved to carry you
off." . • • . • - "..-'• ¦
"You pain me, Mr. Dexter."
"l'ou must hear. me. It doea me good
to confess. I have- loved, you wildly —
love- you still."
"You insult me In- saying so. I cannot"
itay to hear you."
"You must. When I tell you that in
him you think you love you are grossly
deceived,' you will listen?" .
" "I n-111 not!" . ¦
"But you shall!" he replied, hurrying
to. the door, and locking it,
"Unlock that door!" she said,' flinging
her cloak aside and facing him.
: "Will you hear what I have to say?"
The next moment he was staggering
'against his 'desk and the door .was un
locked. ' She opened it, as if. to leave the ¦
room. ¦ '--".
Then, changing- -her mind., she said:
"Go on. ' I Will hear what you- have to .
say. But say it. from your chair, at the
desk. You had dreamed of compromis
ing, me, you Say. Was this one of your
mean notions, for a caller to ,. find the
door locked?" •
"No, I swear it!" he answered. "I told
Ram'- to '¦admit no one until I rang my
bell. What I want to say is this. I will
put it In a businesslike way.. In the flfst
place. I love you." - .
' i She\ made a grimace of impatience.
| "And would make you my v.ife."
**I loathe you!" she replied.
"I would settle millions upon you/*
"Don't waste time.. What else?" she'
eald, curious to hear what he would say
about Glover. It mlght.be useful in the
Interest of ' her . lover. * *
"Ned Glover is already married." -
•*v"Is that. the only libel you have to hurl
at an absent and Innocent man?"
"Lam prepared to give you the fullest
evidence of the truth of what I say. The
woman herself,' y and- every possible evi
dence that would.be considered necersary
In; a 'court '.of law." . '
when -you have proved all this?"
; . "I offer you the revenge of an outraged "
woman. • I will make you my.wife."
"The . vengeance would be worse than
the crime." ' *
"Would it so? Then, by — — "
"Don't swear, Mr. Dexter; It la not nec
essary. 1 We quite understand each other
Good-by, eir. Money Is a great thing, but.
not everything." < -
".We shall see!" he said, biting his lips
: and clenching his hands. ¦ •
y At v which moment ' the telephone bell
rang-. ¦'¦..¦¦"¦¦.¦ :¦--, >-¦ :; ¦ <-,. * • - >
Vi ith her hand upon the knob of th«
door. Zella paused.-on the point of qult
" ting the room with a parting shot. : .
"That ; you? ...:Sam? ... . Tea."
Then, -after; a moment,-, he ; turned to
Ze.Ha to say : c- "A messenger ; from • Mis
tress O'Hagan, 'requesting : you and me
.to come to her. ¦'; She has . sent a coupe."
"Oh, indeed!" said. Zella, with; a frown.'
"Is that another of your .dreams?"
"Come up. Sam. -.;'. .".Pray; stay one
moment. Miss Brunnen/' • .
Sam r entered, : with •: Mistress O'Hagan's
. note In - his ¦ hand. '" l ' i 'iTTIilTWri"¥"*t~ "
•; ' Dexter> read It.- and : requested Sam to
hand ' it to ) Miss i Brunnen. v; She read it %
,"Is that Mistress '• O'Hagan's writing?"
"I think It i«."
'"Will: you come with me?"
. -."No.":::,- :¦ -. -.-¦:_ :¦: -r>: .
VThen I i must * sro 1 alone/*
"As .¦ you : please. - * I : may be there aa
soon as you."- - |- . .
She ¦/ was i there ; earlier. He stayed to
.five Sam some Instructions. She took the
.first cab she saw by the hotel door. Mrs.
O'Hajran ; met ; her an the passageway of
- Parkside." ; ¦ .
"What's happenedr* Bh« said.
"To *n«? NothiM . particular. Bat j to
yon?" Zella. replied. -
"ItMT^cUT said anythln* to y« %txrqt
SlOiV HAS NOT COMMITTED."
"NO FOLLY, NO CRIME THAT PAS-
CHAPTER XX.
mistress says so straight to Mlsther Hi
ram Dexter at the Palmer House and say
Mistress O'Hajran slnds for ye. and. the
young lady. Mlsthress Brunnen; she is
prepared to convince ye, and make tmngs
alsy'." - ..-.-.-.¦¦
The woman obeyed these Instructions.
Several pairs of eyes from adjacent win
dows watched the business. In the" esti
mation of her neghbors it redounded to
the, credit of Mistress O'Hagan to be re
ceiving such a -visitor. . •
The driver demurred. He must have a
note from Mrs. O'Hagan. The old lady
complied with this request at once.
"Honoured .Sir — Come wid the coach
man of kouppy and: bring wld ye deere
Zclla at wunst— Bridget O'Hagan."
The driver took the note -and his. cargo
of sables and jewels and drove away..
"Ye overtax yer powers, gettln' Into sich
fits ay passion:" - ¦ : . .' • ¦.-,."
• "There is only one cure lor me. Mistress
O'Hagan," he said;. "and only one happy
future for her." . .
"I'll talk to her about it," said Mrs.
O'Hagan. now anxious to calm -her visitor.
"I'm only 60. She'll; be the sooner a
'widow. And think of her wealth then!"
' "That's a great argyment In yer favor,
I'm willing to admit."
-"Thank you," he eald,' looTtlng at her'
with a helpless smile. . ¦ ¦ .' •
"Hut It's inventin' thim scandals ye-ar<\
Now, tell me the thruth, about Misther
Glover?" ; ;- ; - ¦ ." : ¦: ¦ .
But Dexter had hot lost his cunning
• with the sudden collapse of his physical
strength. ' ¦ ¦ ¦ • ,. • ¦
"Scandals they were Indeed, Mistress
O'Iia.gan," he eaid, "ind true; true, every
word. I'll send the Woman to you. 3h"«
called on me this very day,, to ask for
her husband. Ned Glover."
"Wry well. If it's tiue, Zella Brunnen
wi'l know how to rispect hersilf."
"That's just what 1 felt, madam." h*
rejoined, the light coming back into his
sunken eyes and the strength to his voice.
"And I have never been balked. What
ever I've paid I'd have. I've had. I would
have been content to keep Miss Brunnen
as my secretary. It was health and hap
piness to have her about the office;- but to
lose her. and to know that a British
tramp, a destining sneak, had got her
body and soul. 1 couldn't bear it; arid. by-
God. I won't!" ' ' ' ' - . • .
"Don't excite yersilf, Mr. Dexter; ye'll
be bad a^ain." .. •-...'•
Jle took up the decanter, of whisky,
" /¦ ¦ ' ' '...'¦
r '.' ' ' . •
She was a wonderful 'apparition in the
eyes of Mistress O"Hagan. Happily- .she
came to Parksfde while Zella was out.
Also it was between meals, and Mistress
O'Hagnn was alche in her little parlor.
She camo In a couoe. - ' .
Thpre : was a cold snap in the air.
Many of the leaves of .the bedraggled
avenues of Parkside were blown about
the roadways by the cutting wind.
It was not unnatural, therefore, for a
lady, to be wrapped In furs, though to
Mistress O'Hagan It did seem unnecessary
that she should wear beneath her sables
brocaded *llk» and satins and jewels pa
lore,- and "rings on her nrr^ers that big
they dazzled. yer eyes to look upon thim.
and scents that powerful Pnrkside would
smell av thlm. spite av all she could do to
dust thim out." ,
From the midst of this glory of chin
ing attire there peered a wistful face,
ruddy with rouge. It was a young face,
too. and had been beautiful, with a cer
tain refinement about the mouth. The
MILLIONAIRE'S DOLLARS.
"By Goshi I'll buj\'em all." • • • I'll—"
"* Which,* " she continued, resting one
hand oh the table, and, In an oracular
pose, pointing at Dexter' with the other,
." 'while some coveted after, they have
erred from the faith .and pierced thlm
pilves through wid many sorrows.' "
By which . time Dexter had subsided,
his head leaning upon his hands, his bo'dy
half way across the table.
'- ' ! ' CHAPTER £ciX.
KOW BRIDGET 'O'HAGAN. USED THE
*Te are-thruly?".
"I was born . in dear ould' Dublin."
"And ye': would disgrace It?"
"How dare you say such a thing?"
. "How dare I, ye base woman, whin
ye've come 'here' to 'glory in yer infamy,
the tool av that baste, < Hiram Dexter, to
Bhamea good young man and break the
heart av an angel? Libby Doolan, if
that's yer name, repint before I curse ye;
repint before the blastingr malediction av
an ould woman shtrikes ye dumb!"
Bridget. O'Hagan raised her hand with
a strange solemnity, her small body fairly
towering over th6 crouching figure of hi?
.overdressed visitor.' . ¦;
"Be easy, be easy, woman,"" said Libby.
"Yq'll never frisrhter me that way."
She Was frightened all the same.
"Thin I'll- jist. terrify ye another way.
.by callin' in the pollisman, who knows all
aboot ye." . _ -
¦ "What a row you're makinc! Tlie gen
tleman said you were a friend of his."
"I'm a friend av the pollis, I'm a friend
av the Mayor and I'm your best friend if
ye'll let me."
"It's only the last week ' has seen- me
prosperous/' said .Libby. "My fine tops
are new., my Jewels fresh from Simmin's
store, my house new furnished, and would
ye, one Irish woman agen' another, ruin
me?"
"As sure as ye would ruin Mlsther
Glover and -his swate anpel. Ye say Ned
Glover knows ye, that he's demained him
self -wid ye, that he's yer husband?"
"Idosayit." . . ¦ , :
"Thin you He! And ye know it, ye base
¦ " ¦ :,> ; ¦ ¦ ¦ •¦¦ ¦.--.'
"Oh, if I durst trust you."
, "Ye may;: many' a better has.' Whafs
hinderln' ye?" .
"Oh, I don't know? The man outside—
lots of things."
.""Bad. cess, to' the man outside! Let him
shtay there. Two wimmin's a match for
wan man any day.'*
"Not such as he." '
"And a hundred sich!" said Eridget.
'Listen to me, niy poor gurrl; trust me,,
make me your friend Instid.av yer bitter
inimy, and by the houly ministers of. truth
.and religion 1 can make it worth yer
while. Are ye» poor? How-long 'ave ye
been here in Cnlcago?" ..
"A month. -I- .came here from ' New
York." /
The girl took from her bosom a hand
kerchief and rubbed the paint from her!
face and wept.' • . : .•¦ , ¦ .• • ;'
"Be alsy, nie child.- Ix yer. poverty has
been timpted, I have it in me power to
befriend ye." . . • •' . -
And now Bridget fumbled In her pocket
•for Hiram Bexter's bundle Of notes. The
moment had come for the use she intend-,
ed to make of them., supposing her in3tinct
had prompted her aright.
She displayed before the blinking eyes
of Libby Doolan. or Libby's representa
tive, a thick bundle of dollar bills, j
"I'm not goin' ter bribe ye," she said;
"I'm goln" ter reward ye, and help thb
good sister ter knpe, the child. There's
one thousand - dollars for ye. to.- tell the
truth, the- whole truth and nawthln* but
the truth, so help ye God." '
"I'll tell it, sb help me heaven!"
"One thousand to begrin wld: the other
whin the dirty work's done wid, according
.wuniftn in cliristendorn. I'd—" - '.
¦*'0h. shtop. satop,"MiPthf-r Dexter: T«
Jest take me breath away : I'hwai's thw
.Tpsciier w!d y(-T l •¦•. •
•Heirose, went to thp COcr and stood for
.ainom^nt by the window, 'lnen benaiiiir
.oVcr.the rt-att'd lady of : the house l.c
¦Hfesed Into htr ear: "1 Jove her! i wane
ti> make her my wife!"
¦¦•¦¦¦•-•j'biC-.divvk':" «"xcia".mrd Mr?. O'llapan.
;*'G r h.-mJi-th*?r! Pnwat'll >«• te'u me nlxt? : '
.v.Thcp you are p!tas«aV '. he said, his •
face... .gleaming w.th eager °* anticipation.
•¦"\*pU will hei;> at? 1 v.i;i muke you rica
vtiSsd," Tbere i^se no bounds to my grau
¦ t,iiqe"'- : .¦••:
"Jklistlicr Dexter, oaim jperBuT; Fit down. .
¦ Ye'vir shattered me sinses" for tno
niohunt. Give me toime." :¦..¦•••."
¦ ."Surely, surely," he raid. "I am a pa
-tifrji man." ' :
. ¦": iixit . he df d not sit down; he walkcJ
ebout the room, the expression of his fact'
changing with every turn.
''Have ycu t#uld the young lady th<*.
.etate av yer— er — ycr moiud? 1 was goin'
ter sf.y the state av yer affections; but at
your ag^e and rr.olne r as they say in t;. ?.
play, tfie Hood is cool and passion a
Vl^havft tritJ'to tell her. . . ."
"And f=hc:'s checked yer?"
"I have never got so far as the declara
tion I hdvc just made to you."
"Ye gx>t no cneouragcraent? Don't y
know that the swate younz thing Utn
eapod to be married?"
a bragging. lca!in^ pritlsher
claims to have got a kiad of promise from
Kef. But k*'s nobody; an adventurer, a
heEgar! And wfcat is v.'crss. \ r.Iistr.cs--
a liar and 2. sncanT marrie J »»-•
; ready. :•¦ ¦ ¦..-. ...;.•
"Ye mustn't say sich things av him!"
exclaimed Mrs. O'Hacur., starting to her
feet; .: "I will not listen to^ypl. It's cut a>,
yer rrniird. ye are'". .• • '."- -•-. -, .' ;
• fi l can j)rove ; all I.fay.-; I'll pcrd the
VTetciied wcrr.an to you; she '.shall tell'
you herst-'.f, : that she's the' rightful . 5U$~
tress Glover!'. D'ye think 1 wanted to dii
onchant Miss Brunnen by :suc.h a dlsclo*
' tire?:'. Xo; I hon^r .her too .much, resyect
ier too mveh, love her too tauch." ¦ : ,':\
"Now. listen tome, I'm 3est as rich aa
¦.ye are yersilf; for I've enough, don't lnyy
anybody else their happ?n*_;s, and car
¦ riages and horses and stame yachts ' and
palaces . would put me about; l ! d nlvver
be sbie to manage thlm; but Zeila would;,
che's a born Queen, a Princess av nature's
cwri raakin'; and if ye coultl get a bottle
B.V .the elixir av youth, and blossom out
as good-looking: a feller as MIsther Glover,
I'd bet ye might jest have a chance agen'
him. bcln' backed by yer. millions;, but as
ye are, ye mieht as well thry ter carry
the taliest av Chicago's 6ky-j«crapers on
j-er b'ack as carry off Zella Brunnen!"
"Indeed!" he eatd; "oh, indeed.". And
he half -closed his eyes and- bent his back
and raised nts nand, as. If he were about
to spring upon ¦ the hot-headed . Irish
•woman. "Then, by heaven, madam,. she
ehall marrj' no other! I'll make myself
a beggar for her eake; settle every dollar
I have upon her; be her- slave; stand by
her horses' heads, sit upon the box, wait
upon her; carry her lapdog. If she will
come home with me. and be my wife. But,
by God. if t-he refuses " '
"Divvle take ye. man, ye re mad! Shtop
ver insane babble. Don't ye see that ye're
ioBln* yer sinses? The saints have mercy
on ye! Sit down,- man. Why, thti
thrlmbles is on ye, a* If ye'd got the
shivers that come' wld a raeln' fever. i31t
ye down, sorr; sit ye down." • . ¦
Bho laid her hand- upon' his- rrm .He
cat down and breathed hard.' ,
"You aggravated rne.".he said. "I am
ti*>ed to have my own way." . ¦ . , :
Ke epoke with difftctilty. and pronounced ,
each word distinctly, though not louder
thtn a whlrper. ' • -' . •
"A little whisky,"' she said, pouring out
half a glassful and' placing It by the side
of an Iced siphon of- soda water. "It will
etiddy yer nerves." ;¦.
He drank It off straight and leaned his
two elbows "upon the table. • . • . .
"L«t me call ye a coupe.. Or did ye
come .In a " carriace, ' and cave ye left<it
round the corner/" :• . ¦
*'I came In the car* and: walked the rest
of the way.** ••'•- .••."••-;.¦= . ' '•' ¦
"Thin I'll bar© ye a coupe." dbe salfl;
and was' about to pull the handle cf the
messenger bell. : ' • V\ .;x :- :
"So; I'll find ay. -prayr he »aia. JTm
»>t>Uer nour.H ; . ~* r 7 •¦? rT" ~^ r —
• ¦"The weather js very ;warm." he said,
unbuttoning bis duster arid- d,« playing \ t.
fine cambric shirt and a green;silk neck
xie. :¦; ;-.v-.'- : -"-' : ¦'¦¦¦¦"¦V '-'¦ 'C',-7-' : '¦' '-¦ ; .
, "Te nsay veil say-, that! ,-.-: Will ye take
¦ a sate, sorr. ¦ In me parlor? : .The . wlndlfs
is chaded wid vfent'tians., and they >iy
a cup av tay's heaiUifulin hot weatbeij.'
She rose ; and pushed aside the shade
doors of- the hallway. - ". . . - : ' . -'.". '¦'¦ . |.
'•Thank J ou r Mrs..- O'Hagaru ¦.'. Yqu ar<j
; very politt." / ¦,;..:• ..;;¦" '¦.-••.':: :• '¦. '.. • ¦'•
He 1 ollowed her into the . little roottk,
¦wfcere AY'a*Mrigton looke^.doWij .froiri th«;
mantel and Killaru.ey basked "..lh: : a. glea;jn
; o* sunshine thai, thrust' itself betwtf.ii trie
Venetians . aod. ; : the.brvktniadaer o£ one
cf tliem. : -y.- : fi;'-j/>"''.-- '••-.'; -., .:., ..\ . '¦'¦¦ i
. "Aitcr you.: madam;" .-# aid. .Mr. Dexter,
Tv.ii.en she offered rum a L-nair.- •.'•. ;
'-.. : "Til bv of derin' trie lay., xl yc plaze."
S.i* ra:ig the byil.ahd: presently tea: and
<»ke, were: oo tb<i table, "'."., ¦ ¦'. •
•. •: *'X :thi«lght: t,eat . in : the 'afternoon ¦wras
oiiij"- aa : t-uglisii; rashioti.?"|^aiai>exter. . .
: 'Otrish, ;is Jorjgr, aa 'i can rcmanber,".
She said.: I'm gUd to see >e wearin'
of tfee. icictji. ilisiher. I>e.Xttsr,'' ••.:¦'•
=¦ '.'/-'! Jovb ai»<l iioriox.- theIJlr4*Q -nation,'* he
-answered. ¦• ;-. : ", '¦'¦-. ':. ¦¦'¦*.. '•""¦;"'• " : '¦":'. ' »-I'-'
¦':.•.¦¦ "\Vill ye Uike a 4roi»or two av the
craythur ia ";i j'ef '. tayz-misthei;'/:'" ¦ ' ¦¦. '
:'.=. .'"i"' OOh't /..tniiid,. '¦¦¦! it ¦:¦ i' , a», . Mistress
O'liigan.'" • .v -•¦-;¦ '"': _^- - ',.'."'.•:-.'¦.¦- - : - .
: ; T;lrie lady of Parksj-de. stooped , to a cup
board by the modow itnd iprtruueed a oiv
carter -of Bourboii wnisky. .••" • ' .,
•"VVIU ye be niiticr--:bcli>in' ' yertelf, trils
therrv ¦.'.•;> '•¦¦-- : .'--V "':¦.?;.¦..•*¦ "•¦-:;"<' - : ¦-- • :
;; lie helped himself. ¦¦.¦;¦ •:•- " -.-/ -•-•
"You art a thoug«ttu> woman, Mistress
O'Hagan." .- •¦¦••:;•:•; r.-.'/'-:'--i-;- ;•' . '•"
. : *'ll ye live long ye 'pbserve aiuch..^ ¦ . .
¦¦¦: "'I'm not a man ti*t bittU.apuiit the
: bush, O'HajganJ*' ./¦-•-•¦ ; :_
"Ttiin, eomt; tigrhiaway -into the open,,
eorr, and .enlighten me." .¦•:. ! - ' ¦¦ .'.• ¦ -.'
"We axe yime private here?".* . '.
"As iCwe vicp? lna.cjailooa '.all by our-
Eilves.*' .:.,:'..-.. :¦ - :.¦...-• . • -. ':•¦ •-. • • -
; . "I am a, v«ry rtch man.'' •. •.•'-.. ; .
"Which -Iilnine Idenutnl fact. I've after*
named' to jJLips . iitiia Urunn<,»ii. '. .uy-yropu*
av the: sroaij *ratt ye jJay.her..;' ¦ -'-' .- . ¦
'¦--'.: "Thank yotiv Austr^ss O'tinsari, I for in
.trocucing tiiatiiigRly: r«-si»tcitru liame. If
.1 oaiy bad the ngnty I'd maice tier the
richest youiig lady In Illinois.. She lovfs
TrawJ; .1*4 give' her a yacht that should
eclipse thi& private Bit earn ycssfl oi in»»
XJue^n &t : SSnsla.nO.: .She ;.adjnir«s line'
houses; l'il; give -her a paiace ua tno Is&e
of.Von.iOi She loves horses; I'd give her
orstud ;of the finest to h* bougut in-Ara
bia_; : I'd ihatte her the. unvim of every
¦V ' --¦ ¦: CHAPTER XVHllcbntinued. \ \
--¦ " ' . -' ¦¦•'-—:-•'-¦ ¦ ¦¦; . :
5J /\? "*^ the saints reward ye for yr°r
f/un ¦'¦fdr.deseenjsrc'ri ;and . make, me
11 J^^K r atcful. for. the; knowledge of j;e,
, . Mlstber li'rami.Devter." ' : ! .
Copyrig;ht r JSOQi ' by Joseph ' Haitori. '.
Jo* Williams warns Glover about the inten
tions Of Dexter, but without avail, for he sets
put tor. the raises. .• Pester hints at lov« to
Bella, but Is repulsed. ';•;-.•' '• r" ; " ' i'r
Clover accepts a mining Interest frcm Dex
ttr wfcich will take him to Colorado for several
months. He h^pes to make a fortune and then
return to marry the Vllllng Zella. Dexter,
however, has made an ¦.arranccrr.ent. with
Dlgges by which h« intends to have Glover
Idlied as soon u he reaches the mines: r :
:- . Insulted on hw -way home by .a ruffianly
miner, Abner Dieses. Xefl Glover, an English
man ana writer for ttie Daily Mall, Interferes.
Dirges' draws a knife, and. Iunge«. at- Glover,
but 1b kn'vked down by a blow from Zella.
Joe Williams, a detective, arrests !>!££<•'*. but
hie case Is dismissed with a light sentence.
Dlpges ewears venjrearice on Glover. ; Aroc«
Storey, proprietor and ¦editor of. - the Dally
Mail. le a personal friend; of Hiram Dexter.
6tcrey Bends Glover to get an article en the
life cf the fnillionalre, Dexter, takes a fancy
to the your.** man and proposes to frlve him an
Interest In some mining ventures.- Glover finJu
tbax be is i;v;nj above his mean;,, and upon
mentioning the latt«*r to Storey Is advised to
take a room at a certain bearSinK-house. which.
turns out to b* the same one where Zella RruTi
oen lives. lie there meets the sirl who saved
bit : life and Whom he has sought for In vain
It Is a case of love at first sight. Hiram De\
ter's good feeling fcr Glover changes to hat»
when he finds that the youns man is virtually
tb« accepted: lover of Z«-lla; for the millionaire.
in eplte cf his *re. wishes to make her his wife.
ZELLA BRrxXENVa-tneaiber of the Chi
cago Worsen'* Athletic dub and type
write^ to Hiram Dextw, millionaire. Is
10
THE SUNDAY CALL,.
In Mail attire
Synopsis.r That jflrst concert was a success.'; Aft6t
danc?ng an : hour- or; more oh an abb'mln-
Ab1e halt- floor, which... nobody minded,
Nomir. ewcllidom' downed rubber boots and
AVflrM'it slve«.on^a start to »e«srenius.
s*at; it*^Jf ar'a ¦plino" when clothed . In
(i we;a»>r;:ia4 high; aaiedU' waterproof ; boot! i;
:•<$-¦.# blxjcr. o>,c Jt6. se«? a : young woman
daintily;; goy/n«d singing; .between two
hl^h-bobted yfcutth*. Such" things were
Ipajrt of jlhiat htght'*! performance. .The. girl
Mtif until t&>f « little; shivers, wfilch come
from "| exquisite melody ; ran Up and down
people's. bACk* : ai5 :th#y rarely . do here.
where we educated in art.
: : a>;iJQifc^ Kribw-ei how; {o -be; under .anjr cbn-\
: &\iw*S : ::2:-/: ¦¦{¦¦¦] ¦':¦. --.'. : '..:¦.".'.-•¦ ! -" : ' '¦*¦'.
When a ship is homeward bound, and
making a rapid passage, it Is said that
the "girls have got hold of the towirope,
and are hauling her- home hand over
hand." To "keep the land aboard" is to
sail within .sight of It. A reQuest to
"Lend us your pound" conveys, not &
desire for a loan, but an appeal for'ad
ditional assistance in man weight when
hauling on ropes. To paint a thing par
tially Is to give It "a lick and a promise.".
In cleaning brasa work on board ship
two men usually wqrk together, and
keep their rags, and other material In ona
box. When they quarrel— as Jack occa
sionally does— and a. separation ensue*.
they are said to '"part brass rags." for
at such times each man takes and keeps
his own "articles for ; polishing. —London
Express, . -
In hoisting a boat to the davits the
crew '"marry- the falls," viz. -.Join both
ropes together. .To be "keel-hauled" is
for a man to be dragged from one side of
the ship, to the other" beneath the ship's
i keel. This, like Vwalklng the plank." and
thence overboard. Is a custom .that ob
tained at the beginning of the century.
Keel-hauling has been aptly described as
"undergoing a great hardship."
If a man receives a month's advance o£
wages- before Joining his ship," he Is said
to be "working off the dead horse" dur
ing his first month at sea. This period
Is" not infrequently referred to as "a
month, of. Sundays," to convey- the im
pres:«on that the. time- seems inordinately
long. • . . •
After a more than ordinary hearty meal
Jack will "let out a reef In his belt
and exclaim that he is "chock-a-block."
* When the watch are called of a morn-
Ing they are- expected to "show a • leg,**
as an indication that they hear the sum
mons and are about to "turn out."/
member of the crew is not unfrequently
called a "swab." Not to like the "cut of
his Jib" Is another term of disapproval.
To "toe"* the line" or "toe pttch" Is to
keep straight. • , ' \ •
When Jack wants a rest he says ha
will take a "spell." it may be on d-clc or
belo-w. : - . " ¦'•.'.. •
A man who is pale must not feel hurt
If he. Is told that ha has "a face like a
scrubbed hammock," while an unpopular
amples. When a person meets with
a rebuff Jack exclaims that he has receiv
ed "a slap over the bows," or that "he
has been brought up with a round turn."
To-be pulled up suddenly for any offenso
Is to be "brought up standing." To ba
"plankejl" is to be charged on the quar
ter deck before one of the ship's officers.
'¦ A .talkative man Is described as one
who Is always "chawing his own fat,"
When a man is hopelessly drunk he is
?a»- to have his "back teeth awash."
Semi-drunkenness is described as bein?
"three sheets in the wind," or "half seas
over." A man of strange manners la
suspected of having a "kink" Is his
mind. Acute hunger Is likened to one's
"belly flapping against one's backbone."
"When Jack resorts to personalities h»
doca not believe in half measures. A
stupid person Is called the "two ends and
the bight of a fool." For the non-nautl
•cal reader! It may be mentioned that the
"bljjhf'.of a rope includes that part be
tween th« two ends. To be ",'kegged" is
to be ieered at. A "kldd" fellow" la one
who is natty In appearance.
¦
THE "handy man" has a ready wit
and a perfect genius for Inventing
slang terms. Here are a few ex-
Siang Peculiar io
Jack Jar.
Two brides came to Nom© and the hust
ling hotel proprietor had cards issued for
another ball. It was a stormy night. . Ask
some one who has seen a Bering storm
and he will tell you what that means.
But the brides wero pretty, the music
good and nobody cared how the elements "
quarreled, as on all such occasions tha .
bottle pile In the back yard grew apace.
It was a little aialamut puppy that
nearly upset the equilibrium of the guests.
• It took exception to a foulard gown and
proceeded to test th? foulard's holding
qualities, catching on? of many rttfilea
as th«* wearer whirled by htm and bring
ing the wearer to a sudden standstill.
Th* lady coajced, the puppy growled and
took a. deeper hold. The lady decided th«
dog was mad and her escort promptly
kicked him across s the room, when to
averse himself puppy promptly buried
his sharp t?eth in the nearest man's lee.
The man howled, bo did every one elsa
through sympathy. In the excitement of
getting the bitten one to the nearest
drug store where were add and todofonn.
puppy wandered out of the door Into th*
street, disgusted, and wondering why a
respectable Malamut dog cannot attend
a ball without getting mixed up In a
rough house.
Of dinners in Nome ther* Is no end.
Each newcomer of any Importance la
others' eyes Is made the excuse for a
dlnccr. The Cafe de Paris haa been tha
scene cf many a jolly party. At one of
these were mining experts and their
wives; army officers whose uniforms gav»
color; Russian and Frsnch counts, whose
foreign manners and speech, not to men
tion titles, added to tha Interest — a' cos
mopolitan table full and one in which
there was never a dull moment.^-
Army hospitality la far-famed, nor does
It fall short of reputation within th» Arc
tic circle. Both at thd barracks and tha
pest have been given dinners, dances and
card parties.
It isn't the lavlshneas of the entertain
ing cr of the entertainments that makes
the social life in Nome charming, It's the
whole-souled. here-to~have-a - gDod - tlma
spirit In which the people enter Into It.
A host offers the besic he" can, guests
make the best of what is offered. Compe
tition does not enter Into social affairs:
Mrs. Smith does not feel required to
give a euchre prize double the value of
Mrs. Robinson's. Some people's money
ccmea In driblets; some In panfuls: but
the spirit of hospitality 13 the same, wher
ever It Is found.
\<\V J7 ASlIlJCOTON.has ;iiiaf?y'.. : wefght '
\- } Ajf dc^ermiltirijj: b»lilices,vin4 : one,;«it ';
MI z. Jeast;-^h^h:v ; it9ai»^Att' others jiu-"
the.'c^UTiiiry-. : ; -.-T.h^;f;lwTffe * .Bcaiei
(i ids r arjilfa£ ;
; f.?al, bui Sfl^i aU.^ el ? IniHi^nsity they «
n r«> meager In 'the eyes!-ftf.. Ujic^.'Sam>.' who:
woat .the' f?tirba.|a ; teaknat.e* x>t this .igxin- \.
try "<jnjB bette^jiyjih^tklling |it,tafr;flM^
yard the Jar^est pair of 6c*fe* |n .'-the coun
tryy: : --. : >-f'.; : .: 'i;^\ ."i - : ; "'¦ 'X~'- : ~--' ¦' •:'-•"."' : ! : - ."¦.¦-• '" :
5 . This machine." cat) • piitwelffh ; the. largest i
railroad scales br. fifty torisi "and .wheh it
. ie considered^that ..Jts reWiiltsr^nust be-jac- :
curate to a pound, wiiile .railroad >c»Ies
.•dr'e •'"considered. pood when thej r ; come with-;
¦ 5n fifty: pounds of : the'.-exact- weight,, the;
result obtained is little; less ; than jnarvej-'
ou*. ¦• / The scales are Scarcely twrq "years?
0*u, having been brpxight hef;e : du'ring Qt>\
tobor, 3 ft*, and *et jn position in the south.
; i?iwl,of .-the big" navy yards near one . ot*the
gun shops.-; Atfack leads from the gun
shop Jo a forge "and crosses the .flooring
¦ of. the . big" . Scales/ about! ten feet" east of
the entrance to the latter building. A
ccnslderable period' of : time was required
foir the rnanufacture apfl erection .of this
tnotuTteir- machine. It,! was brought ' here
in sections, and :the greatest care was ex-.
liapMcH in.roasscmbling the various sec
tions of steel so that the poise, of the
broad platform should be exact. :.
Jlundreds of. visitor* have trod ncross
this platform without knowing they were;
near one cf the most Interesting inechant- ;
cal contiivance8 in the national capital.;
They are not mentioned. In; the guide
bookx. and the men at the navy yard do:
not call attention to the scales, par excel-;
lence, unless perhaps a flat car happens:
to be on the platform being weighed with
Its load of two or three great guns. All:
the large ordnance manufactured for the
navy is weighed upon this machine.. It;
was built for that special purpose and haa:
givon eminent satisfaction, two years ol
usage having 1 failed to dull its sensitive 1
nature: — 't it lias done its work each day:
in a dull, ponderous way, with no meed :
of praise except from a few naval officers.
In order to Illustrate the accuracy of
the counterpoise cf the huge machine to
a reporter, an officer in the bureau of
yards and docks picked up a half /brick
which was lying near by and tossed It
upon the platform of the big scales. He
th*n consulted a long brass lever in th«
reading box along the edge of the plat
form and found that the weight of the
brickbat was Just one pound.! . :
Turning to the reporter he said the
machine is bo sensitive, that it will give
the exact weight cf anything from a^
vqund of feathers to. a pair of thlrteen
inoi gun5, and do It accurately. Tha ca
pacity of the scales is 150 tons, or double
the capacity of the old set, removed .when
!the present apparatus was installed. A
thlrtecn-inch gun weighs -about flfty-fivo
tons. Two of these monster Instruments
of war. reclining on a forty-efght-foot car
truck, can be weighed on the machine
without taxing its capacity. . _'.
The nearest approach .to the navy yard
jmicf to be found in- this city; are the big
weighing machines of the railroads.
T. ugh the navy yard machine how-com
pels them to take a back seat, they were
O&ce envied, by the smaller scales as the
giants of the.capltaL The.re is'a macbln?
at Bennlng wtth a. capacity of 100 tonsi
one of ;" similar capacity In the. raTh-oftd
yard* within the city and there is another
•t* ''.it : scales of like. capacity at a local
grain elevator.— Washington Post. B|g
CAN WEIGH JONS
OR FEATHERS
";53^jjf .OME_ ; vrou1fl h^rer for a. minute ad- •
;.:H ixNI. ¦- T* 11^ Vthat \- It is not , a, social ¦¦; center; :
erfthes.. fcut:it wTsuld. te» 3^0 that Jri no
oth^r repp^ct I» It "lackini? wicUi perf*c-. :
iJUiru;:: -^.nd;1t>: : ai Tajeltrfrat. 10 1>c \!n; tjse;- ;
!Knraieiiwlihv^ ¦£;"{ : ' : .f.N' '•;">' =;•"!» : 'i'^ '¦¦".'¦'. ;. : -
V^Lireh'jyaiirj ey«brcrtcs if rp^ like: That ;
; is: :^«ca;cse'. you lab^r .tinder : JJ»i d?lusVo« ;
:tha^;it;lsji : *il(4 : ai5d:Vobily ntlnin? catnPr ;
;^JPT* ihdtffuns : . hold ;:sWiay^ 'Evidently 1 : '
breii thcr*. to. iearn thnt Jt ts , : .
¦;* PMi>«U)l« sisrt. of little town: >'h <¦*"<•, >'!>**
i' : iran!ieri '¦;>-':;. : .';-: •• : ';'" : r : -.'.V';- ->.!;.""• '-.^ ;.*!
"^¦"jfbelre^* no jrolf.;. to b#> ;>ur*% ; nob. Pln^ |
Vicas, : nor : '^ruijigum/' : : Tru^ ; juna^; .
;;ajiti>nJB<«ir ih'^thf^Far -^oWh,: 3nJ.;ats for
; But tljcTf • : r are . oth^r. • vay*. "P f -r^ 1 ?^; .-.
'hippy: .' Thf^dnier - : :rt '¦¦.hnH*.-;«'^^.::
'<••?' an-ups; clr-iin-urr-, * unccfif. ba'iISv .xeU'j? ";,
. ;n..w ¦; and ¦ tben : '- : an . a^rit^nr .V Y«-'»ilr.y,;n«-;-.;,
. t^piw Vt the Btapflurd {¦" nv/jld TnoiivitfiAy;.;
;' :;Tht-:Crfit .of /wargivpn ¦
r. at 'tW Th*aier ; '-Ji*<>Tr*:n.u^ :<-b'* spieler :l?Vr:;
'"-"¦ .TXpon":;,'pr*noT:rictrc IV. ""t"O r nV^H>^*);.l
vhtch ¦"theater was nothi^^ore. npr^tes* J
;¦'¦• thiTi a big; : PCluttre t^nt «1th. A : K^ttpji;
c^-pacit-j- of. ttro tiandrt~cl. ¦ H ; ¦W"ir?. : 4lS- : ;
. r.!ged ' Vitli tPta <*aU«> arajiM Box^s; .HVW. .
. :""'• rod Called 'tov*>n : il ¦;*fti". 4H!pys? : lb.le:)WV^;
. : ; flowers, ; birds, ; cattle' : and ! slwep.-- : 'i$fc\
theater tnati (M*t. 'put 1& toy; ,' 1 J':<5»etj3iI* t J:
fcrtght and cht^rful/' ntidjtie ifet |t. pay.
i-s the price of: -velvet :\ Irfl&jriHe tbos-//
; / i^n boxes ¦built -^iptX^tlie;.; ••$!ilP-.-.;i61f;vlW:'
ter.t. each f tijl >f women di-f*s«><l tfl ; th*.
.height of fasMC-n afn3 .rsert. : :'-<J-f* sedj. Vln7;
.•¦ flannel' shifts ' : «»d- ¦ bisr'. ; felt^hat»:_--;.-fiacn : ;
bbx reprcppntfrfl tp ipuch du?t In tha baiift
. to th«? c(Sd (Soar r>mafc!r C3 ll?d back %?':
V ir:iT)d f urdry .tale* "f a<1^*»ntur«' itnd
'Events not. .iporafiicpdabl*, In
occuparts figrufed..: •-,/ ¦...[ r ? ;.: -;J •'¦.¦•:('•'!;;.• •':; ''.-::: :."
The orrhe»»su <lrew cirrie »n<l. gailer^V
¦!;¦ -w'«>re all on one flnot; the: -gb«ii
.sat upon fo'jm .of tenches, wfi»«
Jjaeks. some without, wfcll* the qrch«y?tri
.and <1re-s!= clrc> -*fW i^Mfcff^Usi-ilWliWdJtC
: JEfctt iyeu^ | cqa't
. get a head of ; ': Jrett •K&p*' poyti Bigi
.hanging lamps cfnuffieroys .(eAbdl^-POWf
• ..<Jia bot h <caiciu:iii ' »«fl- jeljBctriC ; Hght* :
: "¦' 'the.' «i.5gt*wa4 123U<. wllh aii ''ail"^^^}.^
. p'.aUiiy . th^n WordsVihe .neryviup '• coDdltlbu
of. the .xnanaserfs hani -IThe.-. houiie'. .i^ai
: ••crowded;:^ the rain earo* *?wh fn biic^etr
: fi:1s. raining as . It ¦¦; Itnpivi ho* 1 vbfilr ;ia
Xonii?. an<J e^ryb^dy 'ft 1 ** .good«natuffefl.
eliAke' their heads at" the thought of tha.
wanted money. Read the Nome News and
you will team that they are still "putting
.up.'.*-in order to wofk'thi^rxWnajp."^;^
"morning came and the people, went home
• to get ready for church. The Elks never
told .how much money they made.
When the Judge of Alaska first came
the good -old. residents out of kindness of
j heart and regard for the* future decided
to five something in h!s honor and for
his Honor. They did. ¦". A" reception and
ball wan the result. Now those old resi
• dents iQok over their accounts and sadly
' wear. Each woman wore what suited her
own: sweet will, : and there, were duck,
dimities, organdies, Filks.ratlns, tailor
: made*, .-foUlards : and port., suits. , The
whirling mass looked like a department,
store turned loose. At 12 o\.ock. the ball
•'happening during, the slil" r day "season.
had thi*.ir pictures, taken- and then danced
until 3. It's part of the performance to
haveyour picture" taken. Never doe3 any
• thins happen- without an enterprising pho
trtgrapher being on the" spot— and the
. next day the pictures nre put on sale. :
\ Next the always best people on earth
. said they needed money, bo they «av? a
*how.' Hlgh-C!nf>s vaudeville they offered.'
•warranted to make you glad you came;
• each act a :'.«ipeel-ft-l-l-t-y." The Standard
"'. "theater waii'. packed to the doors when
.the curtain-went up on the first, act -of
"Brother Against Brother," a melodrama
in which the heroine serenely carries a
'.parasol while . everybody else Is being
'.' ikillod. Between the acts came the spe
:• e/alties." A dear little tot did a cakewalk
'¦which so pleased those rough old miners
.. that 'silver dollars fairly covered the
"stage. A:»qubrette weighing 200 pounds
pane "Just TMl.Them That You Saw Me."
: and the houae nearly stampeded. Act fol
lowed act, some rea!)y.sood, until Bunday
. urally well attended, though strictly In
vitational. Too many people for the size
* of ; the ¦hall -and the variety m.dresj of
'¦'both 'men and womfti made it highly en
•' tertainlng to an "onlooker. No one seemed
to carp what Mrs. So-and-so was going to
blissfully waded home through the mud.
.The next brilliant event was the ball
celebrating the- opening of the Golden
Gate Hotel. Being the first of Its kind
and the beginning of a aerle*. it was nat*
THE SUNDAY CALL,
11
THE SOCIAL SIDE OF LIFE AT NOMEthnm ¦econd* mm ib» ta riatejf. ttoi s>
lowing her turret to project *bo^« th«
water for the purpose of obaerrmi ta«
enemy. Almost at the same Instant tho
tank ta*m**in filled- from th« oatsid^»«
' that ' «h« pops up and then down again
with Incredible rapidity, glvtas her cap
tain In the turret Just time enonjn to
get a full view of whatever may be on
the aurf ace, and the enemy no tisxm to
sight his guns and fire. ' ;
The most striking quality possessed by
"No. 7." according to shipbuilders, Is that
'she can operate at will In fresh wata*
as well as in salt. This no other »ub-"
.snarlne has ever been able to do. She can
pass from the ocean Into a river, and diva .
freely in either. And, what is considered
- even more ¦ remarkable, she can op«ra.ta
.. with equal freedom at the point wher*
. the .fresh and salt water mingle. This
• property is due to a new arrangement of
water ballast that enables her to over*
'come the difficulties presented In diving
where the specific gravity of wate!
as it does from ocean to river*
or the reverse. The value of this prop
erty In war is not hard to appreciate,
, It g'ves the new boat a much, larger field
of operation In such harbors as New"
Tork. where tha Hudson becomes fresa
. a few miles up from Manhattan Islanfi, .
The Holland was severely handicapped by
the lack of this ability, and her failure ta
meet the approval of the board of In— :
spectlon at a trial on April 20. 1SS3, was ;.
largely r.scribcd to the absence of tha
fresh and salt water r.avlgating qualities.
Throughout th!s article the new beat
has been referrerl to :ta "J>o. 7." Thi* is
at present her cfHctal designation, she be
ing the seventh vessel built by Mr. Hol
land, counting from the very beginning.
Before she casts loose on her great trip
across the seas the little vessel Is to-be
formally christened. She wit! probably
* be called Bushnell. in honor of tha man.
who operated th© first submarine . la '
Aineri'ja. The boat will be In shi;shap«
by the end of this month. It is th» in- :
-. tcntlon then to take her for a series of
r trial trips up and dov^n the coast.. 12very» ¦'
...thing about her will bo thorousaly testft<SJ
THE SUM>AY'. : ; CiAI^
rpss^RliPXitATl^NS ire ..making' for the \
.!Ui^.jrmw--t /.i^'tf fBStliijg,; «ve'nt lii ocean;
|£T^-. pinre ;. ihk first . steainship !
! grossed the Atlantic? ;/A submarine boat
.l^to iw'serit- f rom' Ameflcxi to Europe un-:
: tier her own pgw«sr. Bbe is the. Invention )
whose submarine tor-:
' i>eao-boat: Holland, now the propert;' of;
-¦ the- T*tilted.\6tates. Government.i'.figruredj
I in the recent naval -maneuvers ;
Kewport and ,1s known lor the present
asi*'SC<x '?" '• _She i - is now ;Htting out at;
,.?Clxon's shipyxtrd in' Elizabethport, N. J.. :
for the. trans-Atlantic Journey. For some:
years now submarine woats have puttered ;
I the harbdrs both In this country:
and in Europe,.; but they have never ven- ;
turejl far froin the coast.. A boat of this,
type built by Nordenfelt made a journey:
of !1SO miles eior.g shore oti one occasion.
>• ' 'iajid'this has/been the "long-distance rec- :
prd... X' tour .of. great oceans Iii a -sub
marine,- It has been generally .supposed,
I : would always remain a. dream- of ¦ Jules
Verne. ./. ¦.-•¦. - :
.The Jnvcntor of. the Holland torpedo
boat, has ' now determined . to make this
dream a reality. His rew -boat will go ;
to Bermuda, thence to the Fayal islands,
. then to Usbon In Portugkl? This Is a;
trip;of 3496 miles—New Tork to Bermuda^
P76:'ml.les; .Bermuda to Fayal,. -1880 miles,'
• 'apd'Faj'al to Lisbon., 940 iniies; Just when ;
the trip will be madeli not j'et definitely
¦ determined upon. Iwit it will- probably be
some tinxe lnj February. The boat' will ,
iralt for propitious weather. To speak of
waiting :f or propitious weather In' Pebru- :
Bi-y sounds 'like -an absurdity, and in the
c&ce of ordinary craft It would" be. but
what .Mr, illollari&s' oiyer': Is looking .for
.'is High wind -arid a. heavy sea.; .A
• smooth sqa and' j. the : absence. : «f storin
signs, will llie the- signal .for the;pos.tpone-;
a:ent of the voyage. 'Fqr this journey
Is to test prtce fo- all. the capaclty # of .the
fcubraarinel -to ciire. for. herself v . on' a : ' long
trip, under the ii:osf unfavorable condi
tions. '. . ; . ¦ ;¦' '¦ ; '
To the . lay mind *uch' a journey will
stein to sjnack docidedly of foolhardi
riess*. To the minds. of. the men wh<j are
to travel jn the submarine the proposed
Journey ranks with a trip on the Kaiser:
Wilhelny or the Deutschland. ..They ad
mit they will go slower,' but that is all.
The. voyage to Lisbon is to take sixteen
day.. "No. \~" will travel all the way under
her "own power. Her speed will -be ap
proximately nine and a half knots for the
entire voyage. She will not travel at
the bo'ttom of the pea as did Verne's fan
tastic craft Most of the way she will
go on the j surface. Occasionally, how
ever, she' will go under, ; and remain for
thirty or forty miles.. at a depth varying
from thirty to sixty feet. Her inventor
claims for her that she can safely go 400
feet beneath the surface and maintain
/herself there, resisting successfully the'
tci rifle pressure of the water. No such
depths wlll.be attempted on ; this trlp,
however, and except "for purposes oif scl
, enfiflc investigation or explorations ; for
sunken vessels no object would 5 be gained
by dhing very deep. At thirty feet be
neath the surface the craft is as -secure
against discovery as if she were a hun
dred times . as far down, . and can pass
safely beneath the keel of the , greatest
of ocean liners. Now and then In shallow
clacea Bhe will touch, bottom just to show.
Though, a larger and a heavier boat
than; the; Holland. "No? T'- Is much live
lier. <md eaalerto handle. She represent*
the extreme type ; In size. ;.f accordins to
Mr Holland. A larger vessel, he declares,
will ; never be; practicable. The Plunger
ono of the earlier: poats that was built
iiccordlng to Government demands ia
over eighty feet long.. Mr?? Holland was
forced to make herthat size, but he elves
it as his opinion that I she will never be
f( tm l Z n^ Uabl u on iMs ac count MBhe •«
still building, having been chained again
and again, according; to' suggestfons from
•the .^avy Department. It Is considered
doubtful if tho Plunger will ever beVlaced
regularly : Jn ; commission as 5 the Holland
has been." She- is awkward. to handle even.
d< L r th ?= most favorable conditions,- end
sho has been so loaded : down Inside with
olumay > machinery; and appliances that
there ? U scarcely : room yto * get about in
.h^I.Vr* .t"* h a *»° ut twenty, feet shorter,
•has fully three: times as. much room.
2 A .unique arrangement has been Intro
i « fit t a i " No ;, 7 " ; f °f handling the water
J.allast. a parUculaxly Important element
In ¦ siibmarlnes. Nearly : a ton ; of water
can bo ejected from the ballast tank* in
none of ; the usual stickiness found In the
atmosphere of surface ships.
I-Ike the Holland, No. 7 is cigar-shaped.
The dimensions and form. of the new boat
are considerably greater, however, than
those of her predecessor recently turned
over to the United States Government.
The Holland is 54 feet 4 Inches long with
adiameter of lbfeet 3 Inches. Her dis
placernent.on tho surface Is K tons, sub
merged' 75 "tons. Her engine has only
i5 ,- ¦¦"^¦oxsepo-w'er, as against 160 horse
power in Uie new boat. The length of
No..7 is 63 feet.4 Inches; diameter 11 feet
9 inches and her interior, arrangements
ate such that there ;is about twice as
much- room for. her, crew as there Is for
the men in the Holland. Her displace
ment when'on the surface is 103 tons and
submerged 120 .tons. ;;,;. ; . . ¦
Count Zeppelin uses In his : navigation or
the air. Five tons of gasoline carried In
a tank wilj bo all the fuel required to
take" her across at .a nine and a" halt knot
speed,. > and v leave, a ; safe margin.' While
she is traveling on Lhfe surface, she will
generate power for an electric engine that
drives uer beJow. the water? l\V"hen she
dives ¦. the x gasoline /engine ' is cut off . en
tirely. The -pavver, will be accumulated in
storage batteries' that weigh 70,000 pounds?
The stored power 1 will . carry her • under
the surface- for, fifty, miles at an elght
knot speed; then^she'must come up'to re
charge. ¦ ¦ . '•' ¦ •¦."'• :
_The cooking will be done by electricity.
The arrangements for this department are
such as /would fill the average flat dweller'
with delight. When you have not an inch
of space to spare for anything except »ec-.
essary; equipment; the /problem of /fitting. •
in your "domestlcTdiitflr is a pretty one. In
the kitchen arrangements of "No? 7" this
pfohlemiha.3? been fully met v Tho ut'en
.sils; are models of completeness and cbm- :
• pactness. i,The electric range is a - model.
The lighting, too, will be done by C ] ec .
trlclty and # such. heating as may be re«
quired; Is'; similarly,' provided- for.^ There
wiU s be ; little" need', for : heating, however,
as the quarters are so close. The ventlla
: tlon/ will : be i perfect, more perfect than
could possibly be found on .the best ap
pointed: ocean- greyhound. > and this
whether the - boat is running \on' the i sur
face with her hatch open or uridor. water
with everything battened "down tight.
•There ; is ¦ an automatic arrangement : for'
; discharging/ the air. In the ship and renew-'
ing 'it' with a 'steady supply from tho
compressed " air •; tanks, . that are al ways
kept filled under/ high pressure, Aa a ro.
cult of this arrangement tbero wu\ b«
IThe vessel /will be driven by a gasoline
engine oj tha Palmier pattern which
"In- hammocks" swung' from/the celling.
.While we; will: nothave room enough/to
taie^ exercise on a bicycle," we will ; be able
toTget ' our; sleep about as ¦! comfortably as
most saiiormen, and we /will'-' not have to
eat'our meals standing."
"How will, you; rest at .night??
¦ "The fellows on tho other s,h!p "will. wish
they were with .us when it comes tb/blqw,''
Mr. Holland said In describing' his ; storm
tactics. , "While, they.; and- the other;un
fortunates who may be aboard oh the sur
face, are ; being . knocked about by the
waves, we will calmly sink; to where it
is still and placid. .. A boat built on the
lines of our submarine rides -much more
easily than surface boats. \ She -acts"' like
a water-soaked log when i running* awash!
Tho water rolls over and -off .tier, impart
ing little or no motion. -The most squeam
ish person .would not get seasick.' We .will
be amply; provisioned ; against all possible
delays "¦ on ' account / of -weather. ; \ ; I ; cannot
well conceive how anybody cpuld ' be much
better,; off ; or / any safer against accident.
I look forward 1 , to /an easy. Journey."
or not/bne thing has been .definitely d^
termlned by the Holland officials.- This la
that the submafine, shall travel the .entire,
dfstaric.o under her ' own power, thut '. sho
shall carry all : hex' own; fuel for .'the trip
and that she must subsist on her, own pro
visions.- No tow/ line Is to be thrown ;out
at any time. Jf itis, the trip is to be con
sidered a" failure 'and /the; experiment
will be tried, ovcrj again. Comparatively
little submarine' traveling will be*. done in
•mid'beean should the 'weather: be pleas-i
im t. During st orms, however, "No. . 7" :
jWill remain much of the time beneath the
-waves, only her turret showins;. This .'will i
add very 'much to the comfort ofiher'crew.
Should it prove desirable she: may dive
; into the absolutely, still-- waters below the
legion , of. wave disturbances.!
Mr. Holland has the utmost confidence
in the ability of "No. 7" to make the trip
to Europe in safety. lie himself/ will be
in command. Including the inventor there
vviir be eight men aboard the little craft.
Their quarters will f be pretty : close, but
they feel certain that they will" not be too
cloee for comfort. Whenever -the "possi
bility has been discussed of navigating a
submarine - for a long distance it has al
ways I been asserted " that it would be Im
possible for a . crew to stand the confine
ment. The voyage to Lisbon is expected
to deter mine this matter. As the ; prbject
c-d trip is a first experiment an extra crew
will be. carried in a tender that is to con
voy "No. 7" to guarantee the men against
actual hardship. „ This tender will be a
small tramp ship. She will keep her' lit
tle consort constantly, in sight Jf possible,
so long , as ' j the Jatter ' remains * on surface.
But, as -the' stormiest" period : of _ the year
is ; to be selected for th e Journey, it is
more than probable that .the | two /vessels
will * part company long ; before ; the end* of
the :¦ game. ; -It ' ls ; a " pretty " difficult '¦ thing
to / Jtecp '¦, in i. sight * such . a ; Email : speck Tas
"No.,?' will prese/it, when the sea Is high
and the ' wind is battering < the - convoy
about. • ,
But whether tad consorts lose each other
The ..plans for: the voyage .have -been
very: carefully thoroughly, laid' out
, /.and no fc^r ef failure Is entertained. The
trip is talien for- a two-fold purpose., It is
to demonstrate in- the first place, the fa 1-
lacy of the .opinion still entertained in
¦ r.aval- ouaTters that submarine boats' can
not sustain themselves far away* from a
base of operation; that they are useless
as offer.sKt: weapons against a country on
t"he other "side of the sea, and that their
mission, ff they have any at all, is , for
coast defense merely. The second object
of the trip is to prese-nt the. boat in for
eign harbors to foreign governments.
that she Jean, and to sefc. what' sli« Will
find,' • -. • : . ' • ¦ ; • „•• • . •" ' "
Mr. Holland's success as a builder of
submarine craft has not come without
long years of apparently fruitless en
deavor Twenty- five years ago he sub
mitted to the Navy Department plans for
a submarine torpedo boat to be operated
by one man. Secretary of the Navy
Robeson referred the matter to the naval
officer In command at Newport in 1875,
who reported that a vessel of. that type
was impracticable; first, because It would
not be possible to get any man to operata
It; and. second, because It could not b«
directed under the water. The plan for
that one-man boat, which* seemed to tha
naval men of that time an impracticable,
dream, was the prototype of the sub
marine No. T,; in which Mr. Holland will
soon sail for Europe. ¦¥¦ BPH
The six boats building for tho Govern
ment are patterned exactly on tha lines
of No. 7. Four are to bo constructed at
Nixon's shipyards and two at tha Union
Iron "Works In San Franci3co. The2»ara
to cost $173,000 each. Tho Holland Com
pany has sub-contracted for their con
struction and It Is one of the peculiarities
of the transaction that at this time no ona
knows exactly what their building is go
ing to cost. The profits of Mr. Holland
and his associates in the deal cannot bo
measured until at least two of the craft
are finished. It may be $30,000 that they
make on each beat or it may be only $10.
000 oc even less. . The experience of
building the other boat furnishes no
guide in the matter, as heretofore there
has been much experimental work. It Is
only now that the experiments may b«
said to have been completed.
The boat has been very quietly built by
the Holland Company. Few persons out-*
side of those Immediately concerned witbl
her building have known that she -was go»
Ins forward on the stocks of the Eliza*
bethport shipyard. Th 1 3 secrecy was prac
ticed because it was not known what ac
tion the Government might want to taka
with regard to her. . It was thought that
the United States might want to control
the building: of all ships under the Holland
patents and In that case it was desirabla
that the details of the construction o2
"No. 7" should not become publlo prop
erty- before her launching:. The Govern
ment, however, decided recently that
.nothing was to be gained by controlling
the designs, as foreign patents on all tha
details have been received by the Inventor.
Necessarily the papers on which the pat
ents were Issued by foreign countrie3
gave a complete description of every new
device employed in "No. 7." "When tills
fact was made plain the United States
Government contented Itself with order
ins six of the new boats. I The necessity
for secrecy Is therefore now dona away
with. *
before the long Journey is begun. IX ih«
proves as satisfactory and seaworthy a4
her builders expect the final preparation*
will be made as soon as foul weathe?
comes. Mr. Holland says It vriH pleaaa
him br If ho can cast loose In the teetli
of a ruling storm, lie has such absolute
confidence In the* little craft that he t«
pager to Jump Into the most difficult con
ditions at the very outset. The start will
be made from the Holland Company's
yards, in Bayonne. .:¦.•.
12
TO EUROPE
IN A
SUBMARINE
BOATSpecial Dispatch to The Call.
ALL .; BtTtE AU. : WEtLXNGTQN
¦yf;: ::: - .:HQ"TEIi^TVASHtNGteN^Dec. 1.^
l\^y !A beWttiissipafto-'ibi -stafe ; ?or' the
• ; ?:;.ViOtfi<T sit^r^U^ "^vi^^aii.
¦ject.i«5Sdai.-- i j'lJe Slate ; De^rt^cnt:toTday
sent ;tnttr actions ¦! -.jto: United : S&te> : .CoKisui
iJiiteniere". _ai^. "''Tar^^r*-. ' Mor!oo3*>i *Q prb
ifeed•¦•torjihe!tap|iai Of th : at;cdjip.tT>% [as- f ajr
ks !posslbij» !«n ¦ a rUhited! States.;'. rnah-of :
war.; toy, present' jariew ;th$ ; .claiia; "of "tb«
; Unit &d: States 'or fademniti: "! on ;; arceoont
of Ihe niurd!?r of Msrcug "E ia.ijiL_ ;a-diitu'r
aliz«Kl'; AnierIcan;; ; eitiTes,. who j vak killed
in June; 1900,- "The wars-hip! -seiec'lt^vl.-wiil
be' ' the V Kentia^ky; • recalled" rrom'.. Smynia
fcr tfcit purpose.. Sjtt-*ftt convey;' tfeftCW:
the: : inearef t port t o ! Fez , ¦ :th« : ~- x^iiital jit
Morocco. :-.:••¦ ¦ ¦;.•] .¦¦.:...¦::.::¦.¦¦>¦¦
.: :^?:}ttifeT^liy./&em'ati&e$ : l3i behalf ol
ti* widow, cf Eiagui anio-ahts to :$5W¥>; Aihd
waai i ! on the; ¦Tailure . of : : th«"Moorfen Gov
'ercrceiit. to. piicish : ths rauxaerers. : . TJie.
iloo rith Grove rnmeb t -| dGcMn«»d : the .fir* t d e
!nie-Bd en the grauinj ihat'Ezaguijbiy rear
*oa of long : resJiJenc 1 in .Mor opco ¦ had. ; be-.
icorae a Viieerrfsh cii'!ren : ¦ctidt> ; the : ;t*rms
of the Madrid ccnv-rotlon,- • . . ¦•-.-¦: -.
!;'The State D«;iart^ien:t.!iioiv: jn'old* -that
.'the naturalise 3 rixfzrn: ra/s-jiW ;rigrht'.-to
'ielect trhcihtr Jie! f^all b<»oipir^-a':Moor ior
Irare the country. And Ezapili u^to ¦P**-.
'. ventf-d r ff^m ; ''exfrc.is}^gAtn.at-! tdwic«: fejf.his
.T?,zt&er. '¦'¦¦ ¦¦":'. ;"'f;. : .' : .'-^ ¦ : -.'--'o/'"S-.;"--j'i*.'
.'.In -V5<?w of thie fac!t!!andvime;!furth*r : fact;
I ":at the last discussion . on this
I srtseatv United States' Cokismi : Qumtnere
XfVwlt,! the! State' E>«pRrtrn<?iit :h^i : tSougTit
the rrespcf .%b b? a' to .l.e.t,
ij^fif^ynr^^j^^^'^^vh^trl^i wt rSultan's.
court, v.-iiT-r-e -ijo ; TPpreseRtatl ve :.:.o* : : . "the
l.'nU* 1 h"at« Govoramtni: 'has; !bogn; for
of " the : murdered " man " and "the other
cJainis ! that have been ponding agalnst :
the Government of Morocco. : The disposi
tion"! of; the United States Government is
enfirely friendly, but it feels that it. has
not teen given proper:- consideration, and
the Xavy Department has bWn :asked to
Supply pi man-of-wai tocotvv-ey the Consul
tiqi Mazkjahi.. the port, nearest • the Moor
teh .capjta!; and. ;tb! ; a waK liU f ut ure move-'
taents. I ;;;-,:'-.-.; .'.-.-¦¦: -.^.v ! : y, \ •'.'.:;•."" ¦:- ¦"
ABDXTL HAlillD IS CLEVER
Turfcey's $ul^an! ; Entertains : ! Amer
:-\.--:/:ica*s'^.preseh-tatiye;Pt!His.v ' •
•• '¦ :^i : i; \'A : v T-V^^v '/' ¦'v^-'-' • ;¦:¦¦•¦¦•
/Nbv.>S0.- : r
The tuip?r& ; that^ai^ruptere of diplomatic
rclsations Tjefveert the', trniteii states;: and
Turkey !Is jiiftrtiineni {a're.'unfp.unded.. Tlie
r^iatlcHis Tbetween th£. .Porte;; and
tiie ¦Unite<l -'Stsii-es- legation- are excellent:
liiffatcti tbe U.jiit^-S.tates^hargeJ'd'Af*
f jtfr^. /Llp-jriJ "P- ...Gris.c^ni.- has • b?efl". re-
.c^lypd' iq- iuaiieivc^ .'six: 'tiiiies' tljtis; yeai"i'
Qt}iy> a . foftrilgfif .'a gj> ; he '^v-as' in ylted ' to }u,
mu?ica!e. : ipEittrtalnm^nti at ::-. tlie •:' -yildiz
;?a5are: i Tbls proVeS'.he; is' persdna: grata
at'vthe. palace., -j ~ *;.--¦• ;:." I : ",v- V. -.-^ - -"; : ¦'¦'¦¦ ;'-'
:-$$*; y|s«; of' ittp- ¦il^entubky to
Smyrhaj do^ ; njo^-^tf^cc t!be. naitufe." of
t ( hyse- relatiph*,ttHau;&h it .dtrps; induce :th«
Pcrt^p to morejstrlctly cohcerh. itself fwitii
0^ I'tili&l: -Stities :«-)ilftii$ ;
yrefk i^l^i:^t.$i^.
cion- ' '
: :;i3r.> : Tho!toi?;Hj;^noi]K-i3;^ir^:. ; ib^
p^^?>Ion : df Vis-PO^
*;T:fi.e; rnitipd^Stat es^l^tio ji ; i^li'^oihtlnue
ti-.^pir'eEB.vtts/ d^^Xi^.'tgi^ -ap ".e/xequatuf ,
biat:J( prompt!, $t .ihia quesUoii: is
not:i!keiyvV^ ¦¦. l-.' r -l •!•;-'.• j:j- ' ¦ ;., '.^'v,. ¦¦' '{.'•_ i "¦, ¦:'¦-,
; T^eorder t<» ; the •Crairips'
f of : --« ; - cruise! r:\iur b£.*ifr^f /.the .price- : be.
Ins-i^si than. SGiioOO:' Turkish ¦¦p'.ound'sV ; "• :
Big • J Battleship 1 0 rdered to \ Convey
% ; -$ Consul to! Renew tKe De-
KENTUCKY WILL GIVE
AN OBJECT LESSON TO
SULTAN OF MOROCCO
iiilii
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 1.— The conven
tion of the League of Republican College
¦Clubs ended to-day. The following of
ficers : were .elected: President. Harry
Klertland, Harvard; vice presidents— M.
H. ; Maxwell '[ of ! r the University of Nebras
kit, R. P. ; Cross of Leland Stanford . Uni
versity" of and Madison Bell of
Emory College, Georgia; secretary. Gay
lord i R. . Hawkins of - Prince ton : 'treasurer.
E;: B.' Hamilton f of the^ Illinois College'. A
letterfof 'greeting was received from Pres-
Ident McKinley. Resolutions indorsing the
McKinley "administration were ' adopted.
Republicans Elect Officers.
Armour Packing Company of Chicago,
'to-day moved before Justice .'IJlscock to
dismiss the actions brought by the Stata
of New York to collect $2,000,000 penalties
for the alleged illegal sale of oleomarga*
rine in this State.. The State was repre
sented by Attorney General John C. Da
vles and ¦ Frederick , C. Schraut, former
Commissioner of Agriculture. The mo
tion was ' upon the ground that . nothing
had been done In the prosecution* of the
action for three years and that there waa
no intention to proceed. The court toolc
the papers In the case.
Defendant's Attorney Claims That It
Is Is Outlawed by the Tims
x Limit. . .
SYRACUSE. N. Y.. Dec L— Frank H.
Platt, representing P. D. Armour and tha
MOVES FOB DISMISSAL
OF 0LE03IAE.GABINT: CASE
EE^.DT. ; Eoa; bPEifiNG.: : . .'. ././¦¦
Ten Thousand Animals. Are Already
oa the \ Exhibition Grounds ! .' '
.-• -,. ". :; •..•' ¦¦¦ at Chicago.; •¦. \ ¦ " :.'. ;
. ( CIIICAGO, Dec. :1.— The International
Livestock Exposition ; practically ¦ opened
to-day in the' Drexel pavillbh at the Union
stockyards. ..' The formal opening, how
ever.; will not take place until >londay
evening, and the show. will contjriue dur
ing all the coming week. .¦ . ".
Ten-, thousand "animals are already on
the grounds and the show . promises to be
one of the most notable events of the. kind
ever Held In this country. Six. hundred
exhibitors, representing ;thjrty-flve States
of the Union and Including forty-five.ex
hibitors from Canada and four from JBngi
land and Scotland, are here with their
choice stock. The. value " of the caph
prizes to be dlst'rllvited during the coming
week will amount Vo about $7o,006. Sixty
five judges of . recognized ability in their
various departments have been secured to
.pass judgment on the exhibits, j Among
them will be J. B. Ellis of. England,! who
will Judge the fat. cattle. • ..':.. •
: The entirediplomatlc'corps of the- South
American countries at: Washington, was
ordered by the different governmenis to
come to Chicago and get all possible in
formation relative to the livestock Indus
try. The party arrived to-day. •
Senator Chauncey JL.Depew is expected
to dellyer the opening -speech Monday
night. ...
Fire Department Shake-Up.
SAN JOSE, Dec. L— A shake-up of the
8an Jose. Fire Department is threatened,
and ¦ a dozen or more employes are wor
ried^ Charges of negligence and disor
derly conduct pending against Al Uo
y n, captain of the chemical engine, and
John Russell, driver of the Franklin lun
glne Company, are . said to , b'e the -fore
runners of a series of complaints.'.Act
ing Chief Terinant fs the one who;, pre
ferred the charges, which have been set
for: hearing by the commissioners' next
Tuesday evening.
Ste wart Again a Republican,
WASHINGTON. Dec. L— Senator Stew-
art of Nevada has had his "name placed
on the Republican caucus - list. * He \ has
been a silver party man for the last eight
years- ;
WASHINGTON.- Dec; l.-i-The United
States Embassador to Mexico has
. telegraphed to the' State Depart
• • . ment Inform.atlon received -by. him
from the Mexican. Government to ihe .'ef'
fect that a vessel named the Czar; of Sari
Francisco was f cund capsized off El Paso
recently. The ye|ser was. towed to Las
Pas,' near San Bias, apparently loaded and
.wfth her hull ingpod condition. The local
Mexican^ authoi ities have been Instructed
to take all necessary, steps to care for the
vessel and her. cargo." " . •'
The schooner Czar sailed from' here six
months ago In comrnand'of Captain Wag
ner. When last heardi.' from she waa to
sail -from San .Bias : In -ballast for San
Francisco. That was' on 'September 20,
and slrrce then ho deflrilte news was re
ceived untif Monday last, .when Captain
William Olson, .the managing, owner, re
ceived a ¦'. dispatch stating ; that the Czar
had been - sighted floating bottom up off
Cape" Caliente!' According to this she could
not have been far from her starting point
wheri^she turned -turtle. ';
".The Czar was 127. tons net burden. 98 feet
: long ',' j 26 ; f eet; beam % arid;9; feet; 7 . Inches
deep. She . was : built X ln]lS81 ', and at one
tline was used as'a yacht. : [Captain Wag
ner .was well known on !the 'coast. .
Survey ' Completed.
SALT ,L»AKE; : Dec. ; 1.— The • Burlington
surveyors haveVcompleted Ctheir work to
North "Salt ' Lake "and , have! returned to
Weber t Canyon. The people of "/this city
are greatly enthused over; the prospectof
a 'new? railroad ; line ? from the '• East.' ' Ac
cording to : the stakes j'set- out by {the -sur
veyors ithe " line "turns , south *f rom -Ulntah
station; In >Weber r Canyon," and enters • this
cltylyla ,the 'bench '¦. east ; of the .Great ! Salt
Lake and '"east .! of i the ] tracks ' of j the ¦' Ore
gon Short ;Llne,^ the >Rio;Grande Western
and.the'Salt Lake arid Ogden i roads. ' '
Convicts "¦ Meet' Death.
¦y: NASHVTZX.B,'*>Tenn.i . Dec"; 1.^-Four con-
werekllled and-several [others Injured
this^afternoohby'the'jfallihgr^of a' wall at
the^old'prlson In ; this' city."*;", ;'
The Gzar Is Taken to
; La Pas, ? but the -
' . Cre\y Is LostV -•
Miss M 8tfi d e Gol e ma n
Wpod and Maxine
v yi CtoseiL-:>; .
.;..' ¦': . ' '.". \- , ¦••-¦',"••¦- ; ¦;--•. ;
j»^ yEW. YORK, Dec. l.—The Pan-Amer-
I^V -lean.- -beauty ¦' contest /closed to-day "
: and the awards were made/ This was
acompetltlon for the purpose'of se
lecting -the "two m'osf beautiful women in'
America, blonde' and brunette," to typify
North and S.outh- America .on the official
emblem .of tha*Pan- American'. Exposition,
in Buffalo in 1901. .A committee of ten, of.
which ' Senator " Chauncey =M. ¦ Depcw'was
chairman, selected from thousands of pho
tographs sent to 'New' York Miss Maude
Coleman Wood of Charlottesville, Va:,' t'o
represent -North- America., and Miss Max-,
ine Ellliott ¦(•Mrs/ N.C.\ Goodwin)/ bru
nette, 1 to represent South America.
-Indians 'Corralled.
SILVER CITY,' N.M., Dec.!- i'."-7A; band
of \ over.! two | hundred ; Indians, ; who ;have
been slaughtering game and 'star ting fires
on the ' Gila ; forest.' reserve, J has 'been ¦ re-,
turned to the ! reservatlbn In Arizona by
twenty , mounted police from Fort . Defi
ance. • Trie Indians returned without trou
ble. : - The band consisted of . ; Navajds
and Apaches and the settlers / we're greatly
alarmed, fearing depredations. .The action
was taken at , the • instance of the- author
ities at Washington^. !¦;.;,. -
Decision Against -Chicago.
CHICAGO; Deer 1.— Judge ; Chetlaln mj£
the Circuit' Court to-day handed \ down", a
decision ruling that the; city, of iChlcagb
haa exceeded .'the* limit . of ¦ Its bonded '. in
debtedness." - The > decision, !f\ sustained,
will prevent the • dty^f roni) building new
bridges and making r many, other "contem
plated < Improvements. The case will I be
carried Immediately to the Supreme Court.
The matter may ¦ be laid-before^the]Legis
lature this , winter if ¦' tho [ final : decision ) Is
" ¦;.-¦; i Powers ;• Tiles f Appeal.
- FRANKFORT,' Ky M Dec. 1.— The appeal
of j. ex-Secretary/' of ? State {Caleb , Pow'ers
froni ;theillf eisentence i imposed ;by^a t Jury
for alleged complicity: In] the Goebelfmti:
der 'conspiracy. 7 , wai \ filed -'. to-day fin \ th«
Court 'of ' 'Appeals and submitted 'on jbriefs.*
: " .¦•"'' '¦"'* ¦'¦'¦" : - ••--•* £¦¦¦-:•¦ ~-:§Mi£f£
TWO MOST
BEAUTIFUL
AMERICANS
CAPSIZED
SCHOONER
TOWED IN
yr'- ONDON, pec. '.'1.— There: Is. a per
|j" ! "slstent; rumor, that, the mysterious
I • new ;yacht .building at the Hen
i=--^ derrons is . for tlie Prince, i of
- ;. v -.Wales. 'It is learned, ..however,
" that ¦ In. spite of Lord. Lansdale's denial,
that" it;is' more probably the order of the
Emperor of Germany.'- Whichever If,; is
of these royalties it can be said that! the
Prince of Wales will be. on- board the new
craft when she sails in the Shamrock U'.s
.-.trial' 'races; on the. Clyde. In th^se trials
the new Shamrock -will • have .'ag.; trial
horses not-only this new royal yacht; and
"the old. Shamrock,, but also ;ttie',Sybar!ta
In addition. There will, be' a great race
oft Cowes Between tljese. yachts and per
haps the. Meteor and ¦ottiers,- for which
the. Prince of Wales or Emperor -William
wJH give a cup. .The -Prince' of Wales Is
taking the. keenest . interest in the new
'challenger.- He intends to personally test
her sailing quautjes'befbre she crosses the
'Atlantic. WtMWSSi '¦-
¦ The new yacht, being built at the Hen
dersons, the -Identity of whose owner ,'ls
so closely concealed, Is' chiefly Intorestlng
from the fact .that the Instructions 'given
to George -L. Watson, who Is to" design
her In such, a manner an to make her the
most useful trial boat -for the Shamrock
II. The 'real object of Sir Thomas Lip
ton's recent visit to the Hendersons was
to compare her lines with those of the
new America's ciip challenger, which"* la
being built at Denny's. . •
COKLENTZ VTCTOB •
|R IN ANOTHER DUEL
Wounds- Captain Gillot, | an - Artillery
* 'Officer, --With ".Whom He Had
Quarreled.
FONTAINBLEU, Dec. ; 1.— Captain ; Cob
lentz, who on November. 17 fought a duel
with swords with; a br6ther r in-law "of the
turfman, IL Lebaudy, this* af ternodn
fo # ught another duel with an artilleryJof
"flcer,- Captain Glllot, , in'; consequence ' of "a
dispute arising from >,the
Captain Coblentr with his ¦ fellow-offlcers.
Captain Glllott was wounded in. the chest'
... ¦--......:.*
- • ¦ . i
MYSTERIOUS
NEW YACHT
FOR WALES
• ; • :•¦"--¦ '¦•'•'• '.- — ¦ — ¦?'.-'' ' • '¦ ' '¦' . .' ". '•¦'
FHiice to: Be Aboard
; A^h^n the: N^vv- ,Cup;
¦ : ':.[ '¦;¦ Ghallengqr Ig ; ;. ¦¦;¦¦
vii ¦::'y : ' : ¦':¦/: :
OZAB'S CONDITION
VERY SATTSFACTOBY
a Milk and Beef
Diet.
Decline In His Temperature la Duo ta
YALTA, Dec. 1.— The condition of tha
Czar this evening la satisfactory. The de»
cllne in 'his .temperature since Sunday £s
explained- as being the result of. a diet o£
extract of beef and milk. His physicians/
are satisfied with the progress he has
made, and if no new complications set In
the daily bulletin of his condition will be
discontinued shortly. His Majesty la ea
terlng upon the period of convalescence.
A nurse and physician are In constant at
tendance, but the Empress has not ceased
her watchful care and Is attending per
sonally to the wants of her husband. la
spite of the strain her. Majesty shows no
signs of fatigue and enjoys good health,
She looks remarkably well. Nobody sees
the Czar except the Empress and the
physician.
. The statement that Queen Victoria had
sent her private physician to report on.
the illness of the Czar is without tounda>
tlon. but the Queen la daily informed of
the course. of the Czar's malady. Most of
the Ministers are here. The . "weather ' la
dull, with an easterly wind, but tho temx
perature Is pleasant.'
SNTTDEB FAVOBITE HT
LOS .ANGELES BITTIUiQ
Democrats Offering Odds of 100 to
65 on Their Candidate for the
. '. :"-v ¦-", Mayoralty.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 1.— The main inters
est in the civic campaign, which will be
decided by Monday's election, centers in
the Mayoralty contest between Herman
Silver (Repuolican) and Meredith P. Sny
der (Democrats). The liquor dealers, wno
during the past few months have been
subjected to unusual discipline and have
been compelled to remove private boxes
and to close their side entrances, are us>
Ing every effort to ¦ bring about Snyder'a
election. The betting, which a week ago
was 100 to 75 on Silver, has veered round
until to-night It is 100 to 65 on the Demo
cratic candidate. Although the city gavW
McKinley 2S00 plurality, it la feared that
the influences behind Snyder may over
come it. . -¦
"With* a single exception the. rest of th*
Republican ticket for city offices prob
ably will be' elected. The election <£
Coundlmen is complicated by the imeC rnai*
two of the Republican papers have waged
war upon several of the party nominees.
Nevertheless, it is predicted that at least
seven of the nine Coundlmen wlll.be Re-.
publicans. Bti29EK*£E
Denies That He Ever Attempted to
Sell Stock in , Doubtful
• Companies.
A'DBNVBR, i Dec: L— Joseph _ H.^Brother
*ton, ¦ against whom In the . Sheriff's ¦ Court
of - ¦¦ London, ' England, the . London ' and
•Westminster contract corporation secured
a Judgment' for £66,400, la now living In
this' city. .' • '-' '• ' : ¦ ; . ¦•
"I was Interested in the contract cor
poration and had $80,000 worth of stocki"
said Mr. Brotherton: "The company was
capitalized for £250.000, but only £80.000
was paid in. Its objects were similar to
those of the Venture corporation— to buy
mining properties that! promised to de
velop well and be good Investments and to
put capital In other. things. The company
bought properties In West Australia and
South » Africa; and the preliminary cause
of Its downfall was the Jameson raid and
the South African:. panic,, which carried
down many companies at the same time.
' "1 was a director in the. company, but
instead of Inducing Sir James LInton to
Join it, he. was chairman of the board of
directors before I became Interested in It.
I never. sold the corporation mining stock
In doubtful' companies, as Is claimed, and
wb^eri the corporation . failed I lost my
money as well as the other stockholders.
Afterward I came !to .'America- simply as a,
business- proposition, for I am Interested
in mining in this State and California. ¦'
\')."1. know nothing- o!f. any proceedings to
be commenced in American courts and I
have riot been served with any papers.
'. ' "I am not: an American Methodist .min
ister, and I never -have beenin Boston in
my life. •; • ¦"•
"J.-C. Kemp Van Ee, who is named in
the. London dispatch as 'an- alleged con
federate* with me. Is now mining in Cala
veras County, California, and is prominent
there." .
appreciable: rise
IN AMERICAN, EXCHANGE
Possibility That" London May Bo
Obliged to Borrow Gold From
New York.
LONDON, Dec. 1.— Surveying the money
position the ' Statist. says: American ex
change this week has appreciably . risen.
There is now little probability that any
demand will be made on London for gold
for America. On the contrary.- should a
pressure" arise in London - toward the ' en'l
of December, as Is not ; improbable, we
may have to obtain gold in New York.
The Investors' Review thinks "individ
ual securities may be higher and that,
perhaps, the whole list will be hoisted,"
but, it adds, "frequent sharp set-backs
are probable, especially -: In December,
when the money agony, might be acute In
New York as well as in London and Ber
lin."^9BHPI '-^' -¦ ¦'
BROTHERTON EXPLAINS
HIS riNANCIAI. DBAXS
A- /?rv:'i : V-U VSfilP . SUBSXDT !^tLL
SenatbrviFrye. Saj^s^He Will :Ttj- to
Save It Made iirnfinislied
/i'lv-vVi-"-? Business.. '¦'¦¦¦'¦"¦¦.': '..¦:/
-•. WASHTjCGTOIsr, .Dec;. : i:— The .general
eom"mluee",<?f. men. prominently | Identlncd
wlth;the ; shipping* Jnterests.;of. .the: c0un- :
ity-J,^hjc.& was! appointed b y .Sepatbr Frye
thr^e years-.agk>;;t6 projnot.e'.legislaiioh in
ithitlniere&i. held -a- riieeling. at; the. ; Arl T
lngtbn. potel for the purpose ofc. consider
ing" waij,-s; arid ; neatis. f!q'r." securing faction
ypon tie shipping .sub'sidy bill at. the ap
proac.htng sesslbh of CkjngTejss. ' : . : . . .'.- '
££€L. ;A.i : Griscom. president of the Amerir
can line, -presided, i and about : tWerrty . of.
the t wf nty-uve members! ol thje ¦ commit
tee 'were;. present.':. Senators: Haiina'- and
iFryef and: RepresentaMy'e Grosyenor '.were
;also: ih; atien'd.a*i_ee."-:.;.TJie- cornmUt^e coni
sldered;'at' length ; v the;-. objections ;-whi<jh.
hay?. 6een.v!urjg;ed ; :agai;nst- : the _. Ibili ias it
Wtands and=aeeided.!td tts'W; the utmost. di§^
patch fc" getting -the i>eforfi : iGongress
'for consideration.: !. ¦ .1 • :• ;:; : ' : ¦":...¦'; ".,'.- ¦/¦ '¦¦':'
6t the"
shipping: fciitl; iarinounped itp\day,
that he| would iieall up that 1alli;b the: Sen-,
ate nt^i^ii^^^^B^^AoY^^^u^ it
made the ; ti'nffnjshed bysihess.! displacing
the Spoor : Fhilipplne ' bill; s .Senator. : Jt rye
will make a; spe«ph explaining' the bill' arid
w-ill :then ;.jresufn.e" the. >Qhair, " leaving! the
managem-enf of .the:", bill, td 'som^. Senator
on .the; floor. He ;aL«io r >aid :that: he> ex.i
pected to; secure, the .indorsement of this
programme by; the on Order of
Busihesjs, which wilt jn^t Monday.." . v -! :
¦the day before the attack upon Miss Ham
mell.. Rennell said, that ."at .'the time Mrs.
Van Ltew bought the chloroform she also
purchased a large bottle of sulphuric add.'
E. P, Noel, another druggist of Van Wert,
said that on the same "day^that Mrs." Van
L!ew purchased the yttrlol from - Rennell
she had asked forkat his store; but that
¦he had not'.beeh'able' to. supply ;it. !Ho
said that* she: explained that she wished
;to use thft'vitrlol-as adislnfectant.'
. Uefore Miss Hanimell died,. October 17,
lt"was rumored : that she had told her rel
atives that' Mrs.- Van Liew was' the person
who "hnd! attacked her, and.that she saw
th« face of- her- former friend, as the
wcrman approached." the light- from a win
dow shlniag.iTpori it. One pleceUhk in the
cha!n of circumstfintlal evidence that was
woven- about .-Mrs. Van |Lle'w .was based
uiipn ' the "fact '.that Bhe is left-
KandeJ: ' Tfcat the- sulphuric acid "was
thrown by a left-handed -.person the ex
perts declared was an absolute certainty.
•¦As stated ..in the dispatches, the -case
never went to • 'trial,-. Mrs. Van Liew plead
ing : .'guilty.- to ."manslaughter, without . dls-
HAVOC
Palace and Gtoyerjinifint ; Buildings
Is il'Xch {Stiff eringi I '&?&¦ '
: : -: ; 5tANTt4A;;X)e?j: ,l:~iR*'S.f. 'ji&mitai .i&jxgyi
3n ij's '<;iilc!"aj,Tcpor.T pi '-t|je re^nt 'ityp.li'o&a
; jMand; of '¦¦ <xnami^tates. •=]
t!-Ei ihc st'Jjm' vrss tlie severest in forty
.y-&ai ; fc" " Tlie, palace i ; As?io-a;.a-nia the;Go:v- I
rrnhtcnt '; bulld&gs^iw^ft'y UBr^fcd ajid.':
:homeleis"-^^tj.{refuge;ifv:
thV^c^bllaijii.jalt; ;^b^jgnejs:]repOT*ed!t6;
hai-e r .b^enifclHed ;c±>sanSt.'fc«t <he.:mor^'
it iliiy. causr^l t5y;thcr recght^ijaeaiic jbf \
trrip: has bfen.Tnuch. ;"Jnereased'.by ; .expos- -
: . ur>;- Jmost i of ,' tie ;dw.eilt»gs-O3rtift5: b^ei> ,,
: dc?trtjyeiL p'The;town.of
> tle& ;iihd twcnty'^eij^tit persons;.-^er.6: killed. :
£e v^rat '-. ': peireoiisi' w;e'rb ; killed '. ' In .' varloy a
Email yin^ges. and; Keyefal rsniall : 'c6&stfers
are' '"raisslng;;" No vje : !bjecn ;>e^
celVert ¦ : fro in. : &ain« j; Ibca'itie*, , ". ¦ Cjocpariut:
tre<^; and dil erpps. £rk: ;dffitrbyed, ind food?
¦lRbrfng'-distribUted to th«! ; ,sufte-rersy Ad-^
riirtV- ¦Remey;. : his:- .ordered: the '.Arthiisa .
•xroib!" Caviie . viib[ food- supplies..". : Flonr» "
corr-'and xneats ar* heeded.; . and it Is siig- .
gested -that contributions te. sent from- the
V.ni ted States] \TOb";Brutus l frtm'.Gayite..
and-.tbc :Sclace, ; fro!ii ..San Francisco, -due
at. Guam recently,::. will, j-elleve; Immediate
needs.; " ! '- " ;: .'¦'; ':': ¦ ?-¦ . ' i :" .-.':¦•,¦;.•:''. i'".;
A s3etachnie.ni- of. ;t he. Twenty-fifth In-;
f e rltry " in • the. E3pu"nta1ns : ' near ; Iba '¦'. found
t.li* ratnp of the!. gTifrlllk.leadeir. J0a<ju)in, .
f orsaJccn. Suspended: from the ; trees near,
the camp were the bodies -of three: aimfgos;- •
and proefwai fouisa that'the.rebelB had.
tdrtureci other captives.'! .;; '" ;; : - v . j ~
Twelve hundred TDQlomen entered yfgarii.
!F"!and of I,Aizon;,/>;esrj^r<3a.y,afternoon and
Ftirr^nflered .to Captain; .'Green . of ¦ ¦ the
Thirty-third Irjant ry. Tnls is' the. .largest
rurebnr ot men who ha^ yet surrendered
in Luzon ct one : time. Gfcnerat- Tlnlo has
been keeping a swarm of bolomen along
the tn&untaJns arid they, have impover
ished the food supply. ; : ; :. •:; '
SITGGESTS CHANGES IN
NEW YORK'S CHARTER
R-evision Committee Appointed . by
the I<egislature Files Its Final
Report.
NEW YORK, Doc. 1.— The charter re
vision committee, appointed by the Leg
islature to suggest such chances as may
Beejn necessary in the charter of Greater
?Cew York, made its report public to-day.
It is recommended that all limitations
upon the powers of the local Legislature
be repealed,. and that all powers of leg
islation and. all powers of fixing salaries
b« taken away from the admlnlstratH-e
dppartinents. This affects the Health. Po^
'ice, Park, Fire, Dock and Building de-
partrnents.
• It recommends that every head of a
department shall have a seat In the Board
ni Aldermen; also that a large and In
creased power of legislation b« vested In
the Board of Estimate and Apportion
ment. It repommends the abolition of tho
Municipal Council and the retention of the
Board of Aldermen, which shall consist of
a president, elected by the city at large.
the presidents, of the several boroughs and
a member from each Aidemanic district
The Aldermanlc districts are to be formed
after the next legislative apportionment-
Jnto two parts of equal size. The president
of. the Board of Aldermen and presidents
of' the borougrhs wUl.h'ave seats and votes
both in the Board of Aldermen and the
Board cf Estimate and Apportionment.
Posse Pursuing Gibson.
ASHLAND. Ky., Dec. 1. — A, posse Is In
pursuit of Gibson, accused of killing his 2
£*ar-old stepdaughter by running a red-
Plrtt. poker down her throat, and It Is cx-
Jtcted he will be captured. The last heara
from the pursuers was that -uring the
night In a remote part of the country they
«xre two hours behind the. fu*itiv»
MRS. EJVIJNIA VAN LIEW, WHO
CAUSED A GIRL'S DEATH BY
VITRIOL. ! . : :¦ .
]-J^ JOLJXMBIJS; Ohio, Dec. %— Mrs.
il : iEnunaYan Lfew, -who. yesterday
XVJyf : at Van Wert .-. pleaded guilty of
! manslaughter by. throwing vitriol'
¦ •-•-;•¦".. jintO'.the face of Miss. Alice Hajrw-.
well l$^t -September, causing ;her death,
w;as delivered at the; penitentiary: .this
nVorninfj in,. a carriage, accompanied' -by-
Sherift; Webster and her husband. 'the : lat- :
tfer being 'k special, depijty by a,ppaintnie.ht.
1 of :thei. court; \ . :The -prisoner was .'put.
: through .the, Usual course at .the- prison
*.f*niale[ department; being shown no .spe
cial favbri^nbr wis application made for
¦any, special consideration. .She was taken
to" fi ; hbtel for the. night by. reasori of ill
ness. .The parting between husband- and
wife, was i Very affecting." Mr.-Van' Liew
Is 'a.; batrker of .'.Van Wert 'and -.respected ,irc .
.the- community; •¦ • ": ! .-' ;".-. •-.•..'•. •' "
i Mrs.; Van Liew-, was sentenced to ten
year^' -iimprlsohmient. v '. '. - . .""
;The, crime pt. Mrs. Van IJew was com
mitted; early In the eve.ning of September
12;. at (he door- of Mrs.. Samuel Neil's resi
dence, on the outskirts of the town of Van
Wert. .:'. Miss HarnmeU was Mrs. ; Neil's
niece, ;ahd. lived at the Neil home. She
/braid Just. stepped put Into the yard when
some one ran up to her and dashed a pint
of vitriol over her head. The vitriol /Was
.thrown from a tin .pail. This pail 'and a
IJottlo frith a chloroform label were found
near the Kate by a son of Mrs.. Neil. Miss
Hammell was blinded ai.d rendered un
conscious.. When her aunt and other mem
bers of the. family ran to .her' assistance
there fras-n'b one In sight. •;
¦ The .Injured woman -lay in- torment .for
five wjceks: . Her. eyes, her nos«» and her
cheeks were eaten away by the add, and
•she was- terribly burned upon." the neck
and shoulders;.- '¦;'¦¦ . .-.' " •' •¦• • ., . ¦ ¦¦'¦
"At first It was. impossible io 'plhce sus
picion; upon any one !in Van AVert. for. it
.was l>eHeved: that- Miss- Hainmell -ha.d no.t
an'.eriemy in! the world..: While she. lay
sick; howpycri tho indifference of Mrs;
Vari'-Ljewcaascd" commehti' Then the de
tejjtivos:'discovered: that ..the "bottle found'
at Jlr's. Xiiil's gate had been sold ito- Mrs.
' Va;n : WeW by -'a . druggist " named ;Rennell
closing the ' mdtlve for • the crime. It Is
supposed,; however, . that gossip over ' the
marriage of her daughter was'at the bot
tom of •it.v Winnie Van Liew married a
singer named - Hauerbeier : _ and- joined him
as a member of an opera company. ' Mrs.
.Van Liew Is -a proud woman and had
great ambitions' 'for her pretty daughter.-
It was a terrible ; blow tq- her.. when the
girl married. The 'sewing societies talked;
and there -.was ¦, a", stir; in the .churches,
for Van Wert,: which- prides- itself, upon
Its conventionality, never had: had any .of
its residents upon the stage, • .'!:•¦ • \ !
* Mrs. Haiierbeier spent her vacation' last :
summer at her parents*, home In Van
Wert. , She* was invited '¦ 'to many, enter-!
tainments given especially.- In her honor
and ' she received j much .attention from-,
men and. women. ' She -had ".Imbibed- the
Ideas of the outside, world and "received
many, callers,;' among them some of the
youths . formerly -.numbered among, her
beaux by the gossips of Van Wert.' Once
or. twice Winnie Hauerbeler went to' drive
with young men who had' formerly, danced
attendance upon her,." and v .thls! caused, the
girls j to - talk- more or less-! Ther older wo
men took up the topic and one day .when*
Miss Hammell was talking .over the tele
phone' "with a; friend the" conversation
turned upon Winnie Hauerbeler.v ' Miss
Hammell . expressed her disapproval of
Mrs. Hauerbeier'S; methods of amusing
herself 1 and' declared that • It > was ( a pity
, the. young ; men; -would pay attention* to a
married actress when there were so many
pretty young. girls. in the town.'; -.It : hap
pened that 7 a cousin , of Mrs. - Van j Liew
was employed' In] the telephone- exchange'
and. these-remarks were reported; to' Mra. ;
Hauerbeler's ] mother. ~A. few days later,
when the' actress j met - Miss 'Hanimell "on
the street she asked ' whether, such re
marks had been made, and Miss' Hammell
said that she had criticized- Mrsi. Hauer
txeier. ' ..-¦• ' : ' " . • ! .;• '. -.-..,' '"
The theory set up is that .the actress
told her mother : that the woman- had ac
knowledged making the. objectionable re
marks and that Mrs. Van L»le.w Immedi
ately- began, to plan some method 'of re
venge.: : : . •'. : :.'..'¦ '•¦':. : '• -.'.'.-.'¦'
Mr. Kruffsr and General Dewet ax« Wtely
to be .quickly forgotten, so accustomed
has Great Brij^ln grown to reverses.
How truly pathetic was the meeting of
the Queen and her Canadian soldiers
seems to have escaped the papers.. Sitting
in a carriage the- Queen Intently watched
the men as they marched by within a
few feet of her and she commenced her
speech in brave tones. It was.onlya few
words, but before it was finished' tears
rolled down her Majesty V face, and her
voice broke and at the end it was almost
a sob. It is not astonishing, therefore,
that when Colonel Otter replied it was ta
trembling tones, and not one of the mea
whom he led into nearly fifty engage
ments felt ashamed of the grizzled colonel
because his cheek waa wet with tears.
Although deeply affected the Queen ap
peared to be enjoying her usual health.
The reason why only three companies
of the Canadians came back to England
is that shortly before the end of the year
for which the Canadians had volunteered.
had expired Colonel Otter communicated
with Lord Roberts, notifying him of th*
fact. The commander in chief said -h«
would much like the regiment to remain
longer and asked Colonel Otter to sound
the men. The colonel asked the officer*,
who, without consulting the men. enthu
siastically guaranteed that their com
panies would remain. When the man
heard this they took umbrage at not be*
tng consulted ' and informed the author
ities that they wished to return in tne
stipulated time. Lord Roberts wrote a
letter practically begging them to stay a
little longer, but the regiment being split
up In various parts of the country and
the decision having been made they voted
to go direct to Canada, with the exception
of A and B companies. I Company, be
ing composed of regulars, was obliged to
remain, and A. and B were stationed at
headquarters. As a reward for staying
in. South Africa Lord Roberts enabled A,
B and I companies to participate In th«
Pretoria celebrations and then sent them
home by way of England only a month,
later than, their comrades. The disinte
gration of th« regiment at such a period
caused the keenest regrets and heart
burnings.
LONDON, De.c. L-The first dis
patch from General Kitchener In
his capacity of - commander in
chief ¦ of the British forces in
South Africa, is dated Bloemfon
tein, November 30. and confirms the re
ports of fighting between General Pilchsr
and General Dewet, as cabled November
29, and adds the latest reports— that Gen
eral Knox Is In touch with General De
wet's force near Tafelberg. twelve miles
north of Bethulle (Orange River Colony),
and that the Boers attacked Boshof No
vember 28, renewed the attack November
29, and were repulsed without British lors.
General Kitchener also reports that No
vember 28-29 General Paget was fighting
with the Viljoen and Erasmus commands,
and that be drove the Boers to a position
in the vicinity of Rlofontein-
The British casualties were heavy. Col
onel Lloyd and- five other officers were
wounded, five men were killed and fifty
wounded. ..
The Evening Standard reports that a
great fight Is In progress between General
Knox and General Dewet near Rouxvllle,
In the southeastern extremity of the
Orange River Colony, and that the cap
ture of General Dewet Is considered Im
minent. ¦' •
- A special from Bloemfonteln, Orange
River Colony, says: A patrol of fourteen
South African constabulary, during the
night of 'November 28, engaged a con
tingent ; from Haazboe.k'3 - commando,
southwest of. this "town. . with the re
sult that thirty-five Boers '. are reported to
have been killed or wounded.
ROBERTS' ENTREATIES FALL.
Unable to Induce Canadians to Serve
.; Overtime In South Afrlcu
LONDON, . Dec. L— Boer General De
wet's coming, out of a period 'of seclusion
and. scoring: a victory at Dewetsdorp has
set 'the people wondering whether the
British army Is of any good at all. The
only, redeeming feature of the week, from
the- British point of . view, is the return
. of "thef : ..Ilpyal Canadian; Regiment from
South Africa, which affords the editorial
writers' a' glorious opportunity: for dilating
on the solidity and splendor of the British
empire. As the Canadians remain here
Mrs, Emma Van Liew Causes the Terrible Death of
a Young Girl by Throwing Vitriol Upon Her, and to
¦¦"¦[] Avoid Public Trial Pleads Guilty of Manslaughter.
WIFE OF OHIO BANKER
GOES TO PENITENTIARY
Fierce Fighting Is in Progress in the
Orange River Colony and Both of the
Contending Forces Sustain Losses.
BOERS ARE MAKING
A DESPERATE STAND
BEFORE THE BRITISH
SM FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2,; 1900-rTHIRTYnTWO^ PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
volume
The San Francisco Call.
HHpCALL BUREAU. -WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Pec. l.-<3rat!nca
tion is expressed here ' at -.the news that
Germany, impressed by the combination
of. powers formed" against her by Secre
tary Hay, has moderated her policy of
vengeance in China. Mr. Hay has thus
again apparently gained a great' diplo
matic triumph and haft seemingly pre
pared the way for obtaining a solution of
the pending questions without further re
course to arms. ••".'•
to modify her demands for the punish
ment of the guilty Chinese officials, Blnce
she does not yet know what the different
powers want.
"Germany, above all," the official said,
'wants harmony of action. Germany
foresaw that the nGte formulated by the
Peking Ministers would. not be accepted
entirely by all .the powers. "We have to
admit that several of the powers, Includ
ing Russia, desire a change in several or
the provisions. The whole matter is stir
Involved in great uncertainty, so that it
is Impossible to predict what form the
final agreement will take."
The Chinese Minister here said:
•This cannot be a question of the execu
tion of Prince Tuan or General Tung
Fuah Sang, who are still, de facto, in con
trol of the court. They both keep the
Emperor and Empress virtually prisoners.
The court is unable to go to Peking
even If inclined to do so. Resides the long
Journey from Slanfu to Peking, now thai
the snow i3 on the ground, is almost im
possible with the vehicles in Use in those
primitive districts. Starving outthe court
is .not feasible. The allies will be unable
to carry out such a measure. . However
even if It were possible, "the provinces
would rise in a body for the court's de
fense. The worst feature Is that the court
has lost confidence In Li Hung Chang and
Prince Ching, who have demonstrated
their impotence to* deal properly with the
invading powers. Under thepe circum
stances it is certain the Chinese troubles
cannot be adjusted before spring, or sum
mer." < •
m
Death of Colonel Yorck.
PEKING, Dec. 1.— Count von Yorck.
who commanded a German column of one
hundred men, which had been operating
in theVicinlty of Kalgan, three nights ago
slept in a room in which was a Chinese
stove burning charcoal. He was asphyx
iated and when discovered was very 111.
He died yesterday. German troops will
escort his remains to Peking. Colonel von
Yorck had distinguished himself during
the Kalgan expedition by forcing his way
to a difficult pa6S held by over G00 Boxers.
Silk Cord for Tu Hsien.
PEKING, Dec. 1.— LI Hung Chang has
received a dispatch from the court, which
has -agreed either to behead or otherwise
kill Tu Hsien, formerly Governor of Shen-
Pi. who personally. killed many Christians.
Members of Li Hung Chang's staff say
the Emperor will probably aend Yu Hsien
a silk cord, which is an intimation that
he must hang himself.
PARIS, Dec. 1.— Paul Kruger left
Paris this afternoon, and the
journey through Northern France
was attended by scenes similar to
those witnessed at Marseilles and
Paris. At nearly every station passed
crowds had gathered, which waved hats
and handkerchiefs and cheered the train.
The first stop was at St. Quentln at 3:40
p. m. The municipal authorities, many
spectators and members of the Chtmber
of Deputies j and various delegations
awaited the arrival of the train, which
was greeted with cries for Kruger and the
lioers. Mr. Kruger and Dr. Leyds ap
peared at the door of the carriage an-1
saluted and received the authorities. I At
Erquilinnes an enormous assemblage
filled the station and greeted the traveler
with enthusiastic acclamation. The pres
ident of the local Boer committee read a
long address, expressing sympathy with
the Boers and hoping that the war would
be terminated through arbitration . by the
RignerB of The Hngue convention.;.
At Jeaumont the, Paris Boer committee
bade farewell to Mr. Kruger, who replied
at some length, referring to .the warmth
of the welcome he had received and the
strength of feeling: exhibited in favor of
the ' cause he was urging. He said he
hoped the new cry which he heard aa he
waa departing from Paris, that of "Vive
arbitration," would become the cry of
Kurope. He declared he would not stop
his work until the. hour the African re
publics had regained their independence.
It was a cruel war, which in the in
terests of humanity Bhould be ended. The
hearty cheers of France. Mr. Kruger said,
wa-i forever engraved upon his heart, and
he thanked Pans and France for the man
ner in which they had received him.
At Charleroi, the tlrst stop on Belgian
territory, rigorous police measures had
been taken to prevent the invasion of the
station, but the people rushed on the plat
form and gave vent to their feelings in
cries favorable to the Boers. The train
stopped for five minutes and Mr. Kruger
greeted the mass from the stet>s of the
car. At Namur a similar scene was en
acted. . . ¦
At Jumont Mr. Kruger said that when
he landed in France he spoke of the bar
barity with which the war had been con
ducted, adding that before he left France
he wished to say that he had made Lord
Roberts acquainted with these wrongs
and that the British commander had
promised that the cruelties should cease;
but whether he had not been obeyed, or
whatever the reason, the barbarities con
tinued. Mr. Kruger felt it his duty to
explain that he had complained as the
chief of staff and not as the head of his
family, for his own family had been
Swallo-wa Carbolic Add.
PETAL.TJMA, Dec 1.— Kate -Wyatt took,
a large dose of carbolic add at her noza&
In this city to-night. Physicians are try*
Ing hard to save her life, but there Is lit*
tie hope for her recovery. The cause for
the act Is unknown. The young lady haa
several brothers here and has been Keep
ing house for them.
She is only 21 and she is the central figure
in an international romance of love, mar
riage and elopement. As for the stern
parent there was none. The Cincinnati
man of millions took his titled daughter
to his heart in a warm embrace. He had
an equally cordial hand grasp for thi*
young man of 23, who. In Ions fur-llned
coat and Sootch golf cap, stood beside his
bride.
The Cincinnati girl who came home the
heroine of a romance and bearer of one
of England's proudest titles, looked
charming. Slight, but well formed, with
a wealth of glossy blonde hair and a man
ner as democratic as her words promised,
she made a pretty picture in the half-light
of the ship lamps. She wore a stylish cos
tume of black, with a collar of white lace
about her shoulders. As she stepped out
into the cool night air she had donned a
long black automobile coat trimmed with
sable. A hat of black velvet with ostrich
plumes set off . to advantage her fine
blonde hair, which Is almost too light to
be 'called golden. The Duke was dressed
in a rough-and-r^ady blue flannel outing
suit with trousers correctly turned up.
Over this he wore a long rur-llned over
coat with deep astrakhan collar and cuffs.
The Duke and Duchess brought twenty
seven pieces of. baggage. There was a
great crowd at the pier to meet their.,
Including an army of detectives, who ha Mi
been employed by Mr. Zimmerman. Tha^
latter had received two anonymous com
munications. An unknown writer had re
buked the millionaire for permittmg his
daughter to marry a titled foreigner when
there were- "so many poor Americans ¦who
were more worthy."
"You need not be surprised," concluded
the writer, "If upon their arrival her« tha
Duke and Duchess are rotten-egged." Tha
Duke and Duchess were not molested ami
the party drove to the Holland House.
They expect to remain there a week or
two at least a a there are many social en
gagements already planned In which they
must be the central figures. A trigt
through the South and "West wtn foUow,
Including visits to New Orleans, El - Pojcv
Monterey and San Francisco. :'~''! m
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1.— Welcomed home
by her father, a bright, winsome Ameri
can girl from Ohio, now the* Duchess of
Manchester, stepped lightly from the land
ing stage of the St. Louis at 7 o'clock to
night and was again in her native land.
Papa Zimmerman Clasp3 the
. ; ; Duchess to His
MANCHESTER AND
BRIDE ARRIVE
LONDON, Dec. 2.— A dispatch from Ber
lin says that Mr. Kruger has been- ad
vised that Count von Bulow, the imperial
Chancellor, will only exchange • formal
visits with him; that public demonstra
tions will be suppressed, and that the pro
posed municipal banquets will be aban
doned. While' there is much sympathy
and curiosity to see- Mr. Kruger, there is
no chance of such a furore as occurred at
Marseilles and' Paris.'- -. •
The enthusiasm in the Belgian towns
through which Mr. Kruger passed
rivaled that shown In the towns of
France.' A\ Logoe a crowd numbering
2000 persons thronged the platforms and
the approaches to the station. Among
this gathering were a number of deputa
tions with banners, and the Logoe pro-
Boer committee, the president of which
read an eloquent address expressing sym
pathy with the Boer cause and promising
Mr. Kruger as. magnificent reception in
Belgium, if he should stay there, as had
been given him in France. * The crowd at
the station was tumultuously demonstra
tive. -Its members sang the Boer hymn
while awaiting the arrival of the train,
and when the latter was signaled the peo
ple swamped- tha barriers and> rushed
upon the. platforms.. Gendarmes with
fixed; bayonets tried to force them back,
but the crowds swept the officers aside
and massed around Mr. Kruger's saloon
car, raising deafening shouts of "Vive
Kruger!" "Vive les Boers!" and "Vive
arbitration!'/! Mr. Kruger spoke a few
words of thanks.. „;. « ¦ t ¦¦ . .. _¦ •
As the train fstartlng cries Iwere
heard of <"d0wn' with, -the English,"
whereupon the curtains of the saloon car
were quickly drawn,:- though., before the
train left the station Mr. Kruger reap
peared at the window and waved his hand.
A group of students marched from" the
station to the British Consulate followed
by a small crowd, shouting "Down with
the English, "Down with Chamberlain."
These cries were redoubled .when the Con
sul, with his family, appeared on the bai
cony, but on their withdrawal the demon
strators dispersed.'.
Mr. Kruger was much fatigued with his
journey • and bandages were frequently
applied to his head.
COLOGNE, Dec 1.— Mr. Kruger arrived
here at 11:30 o'clock. A great crowd had
assembled and caused a dangerous crush.
No official reception had been arranged
and Mr. Kruger drove to the Cathedral
Hotel, the crowd cheering as he left the
station and as he drove along the route.
The absence of an official welcome is said
to have been due to neerlect to secure an
understanding with the ¦ imperial court,
wliich is necessary- in case of visits of the
heads of States., hence it is reported that
Mr. Kruger will probably po to Berlin at
once.
treated with the greatest regard by Lo:
Roberts and he thanked him for this.
THE GRANDDAUGHTERS OF OOM PAUL, MME. ELOFF 'AND MISS
.GUTTMAN. MME. ELOFF*S HUSBAND, FRITZ ELOFF. ACCOMPA
NIED PRESIDENT- KRUGER IN HIS FLIGHT TO EUROPE.
keep up the , service .with non-union line
men. The strike has not received any ac
tive support from the Western Central
Labor Union and has not extended to the
linemen employed by other electrical con
cerns.
BOARD OF UNION LINEMEN GIVES
ORDERS TO MEMBERS TO STRIKE
- SEATTLE^ I>oc, 1.'— The telephone ' line
men of Seattle have been on strike for two
weeks.' It Is said' that the grievances first
started here have ; since become the basis
for the strikes* in. other cities where the
Pacific States : Company operates. r-Tno
Btrike here has attracted little . attention,
as not more than twenty-five men are af
fected and the company boa been able to
Striking in Seattle.
In addition to employes of electrical
companies in San Francisco who went out
on strike a number of workmen Jn. Sacra
mento and Fresno struck, j There is a dif
ference In the totals of men out on strike
and remaining at work, according to the
sources from -which the figures are de
rived. A. Clark, superintendent of the
Auxiliary Fire Alarm, said yesterday that
lus company had been asked by employes
to give an eight-hour schedule and had
agreed to do so. K. C. Jones, chief engi
neer of the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company, «aid that concessions ~ had
been offered to the men, who had Insisted
upon' recognition of the Linemen's Union.
Then! was no friction attendant ' upon
the Btrike yesterday. Many men remained
at work. Last night President Keefe and
others connected with .the Linemen's
Union held a conference at 73 Fourth
street and talked matters over at some
length. Mr. Keefe said that the men were
confident that they would win.
John I. Sabln, -president of -the Pacific
Telephone and Telegraph Company, made
the following statement;
"But very few. of my men have left me;
so few, In fact, that the" strike will not
bother the company locally in the least.
I reaffirm what I have often said— that I
om ready to meet my men oa individuals
at any time, but I cannot consent to dic
tation from a union. 1 The men may belong
to forty unions if theychoose. ; I have no
objection • to that, . but , they must/ when
dealing .with, me,- come , as individuals." .
A strike of linemen who have be«n em
ployed by the electrical companies took
place yesterday morning. The movement
•was' under the direction of the executive
board of the Linemen's Union, which con
sists of David Keefe, A. C. Johnson, V.
Bentley, J. W. Burge and F. P. Noonan.
The purpose of the strike was explained
by David Keefe, president of the "execu
tive board, to be to force from the em
ploying companies recognition . of * the
union, to obtain shorter hours and to get
certain rates for overtime and holidays.
Secretary J. W. Burge made the same
general statement and declared that the
union ought to bo recognized. A meeting
was held at 102 O'Farrell Btreet. af which
the general subject was discussed before
any action was taken.
¦¦••¦¦ v . ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISGO CATiL, SUNDAY, DECEMBEK 2, 1900.
Oorii Paul Kruger Renews His Journey and
"VIVE ARBITRATION !"
THE CRY OF THE FRENCH
Is Warmly Welcomed En Route.
AMERICA CHECKS
BUTCHERY IN CHINA
Germany Consents to Mod
erate Propased Policy of
.-.-' -•! Vengeance-
BERLIN, Dec. L— A representative of
the Foreign Ofllce here said to-day that
Germany has not Indicated a disposition
GEEMAHY . WANTS HARMONY.
Xews of the change In the attitude of
the German Government was cabled to
the State Department . by Embassador
White, and the officials are consequently
deeply gratified, it is. the understanding
of the authorities that, negotiations have
been resumed* In Peking:,' and it is pre
sumed there will be an exchange of pro
posals by the Foreign Ministers before
any definite action 1s taken. However, It
is likely that the powers themselves will
exchange views on the subjects of pun
ifhment and indemnity. The State De
partment understands that France has
cabled to Peking directing her Minister
to forward the text of the demands for
mulated by the Ministers, and Great
Britain and Russia have . probably taken
Fimilar actlen. It- is not known at the
State Department if the German Gov
ernment is in possession, of the text of
the demands.
14
COLONEL JOHN FRANKLIN WATERS OF CHICAGO.
Captain John II. Lyons of Chicago, pas-
senger agent for various railroad com*
panies for the ¦ past twenty-four years,
connected with the Postofflce Department
Tor six years, the Police Department for
six years, and at present connected with
the Grand Trunk Railroad, had a similar
, case. He Is a veteran soldier and a pronv-
; inent member of G. A. R. Camp No. 102.
For twenty years he suffered wltn,
chronic catarrh, but tbar.ks to Peruna Is
now entirely cured. He writes of his euro
In th© following 1 vrords: • . ' ¦.'
The Peruna. Medicine Co.. Columbus, O.i
Gentlemen— "It affords me mnclj pleas-
ure to make a statement in behalf of your
meritorious remedy, Peruna. I have used;
the same for catarrh and nave found it
to- be all you claim for it. I had suffered)
for twenty years, I cheerfully, recommend
Peruna to any one suffering from catarrh,
as I believe that, as in my case. It will
prove a sure cure."
CAPTAIN JOHX H. LYONS.
1612 Pralrl© ava., Chicago, JXL
Address the Peruna' Medicine Co. of
Columbus. Ohio,, for Instructive free liter-
ature on catarrh.
C a t a r r h o f Long
Standing is one of
the Most Stubborn
Diseases to Cure.
A Medicine That Will
Cure Such C ases
Deserves a Very
High Place in the
Annals of Medical
Discovery.
Such a Medicine is
Peruna.
THOUSANDS of testimonials are
pouring in every day of old cases
of chronic catarrh that have re-
slsted all treatment for years, being
promptly and permanently cured by
Peruna. • ,
' These reports do not all come from ob-
scure^ places, signed by obscure people. A
large proportion of these letters are .writ-
ten by men and women prominent in bus-
iness and professional circles, and many
of them well known from ocean to ocean.
Take for instance. Colonel John Frank-
lin Waters, who occupies a prominent
position among- the leading trial lawyers
of Chicago. - He has probably obtained
more verdicts against corporations in suits
for personal injuries than any man of his
age in the United States, and during his
practice of over fifteen years he has not
lost a single case in the Supreme Courts
of Illinois and Mfssouri. He is a hard
worker and has' the energy of four men.
For a number of years he had been
afflicted with chronic catarrh and having:
recently been thoroughly cured of hta old
affection, an interview. wa» obtained with
him by one of our reporters, in which he
gave the following statement to the pub-
lls: . :
Chlcagro, 111., Augr. 6, 1900.
The Peruna Medicine Co.", Columbus, O.:
Gentlemen— "it gives me great
pleasure io * testily to the merits
of such a worthy remedy for ca-
tarrh as your Peruna. I had suf-
fered for a number of years from
this very disagreeable disease and
had tried many so-called remedies,
but until I used Peruna none had
the desired effect. ¦ 7 feel that lam
perfectly cured and can cheerfully
recommend Peruna to any one
suffering from catarrh."
John f. waters.
120 £. Randolph St: t Chicago, III.
Another case equally known In Chi-
cago is reported through a letter from a
veteran railroad man.
i HALF THE ILLS OF MANKIND ARE CATARRHAL IN' NATURE.
Prove T^hat Old Gases of Chrohicx Ca-
tarrh Can Be Cured, : S
ADVERTISEMENTS.
END OF A HARD
I STRUGGLE,
In Which the .
STANDARD SHOE GO. 1
COMESiOUT VICTOR
For some time past the Standard Shoe
Company, 1029 Market street, this city,
and the Philadelphia Shoe Company of
Sacramento ' have been competing for .
the purchase of $40,000 worth of .fine
boots and shoes r from ' the Riverside
Shoe Company of Dixon, 111., which
were intended for prominent dealers oi i
another, city and never reached their j
destination • owing to some elementary^
disturbances. ".* \ ;*
The Hs, now at an end, the
Standard Shoe Company having . pur-
chased the^ entire' stock at 42^ cents on
the dollar. To-morrow ( M onday) there
will \ be . placed ¦ on (sale from this stock
506 pairs !ladies'j fine felt' juliettes. in* all :
colors, for 65c,' worth Si./jo a pair; also
1000 ; pairs ladies'i fine patent leather or;
patent .kid, hand sewed/ and in all \ sizes,
.widths and: the* very latest style, for
$2.15,. worth $5.00 a pair.; •
THE STANDARD,
I029MARKET STREET;
¦- ; Between SixUi and Bevcnth. •
)©©©»©®©oo©©«©»©o©eooooG©o©o8ao®©©©©©o©C9oeoooooosoo©ooeocooooo^©o€
CURES MEN ! CU RES WOMENj |
• y^^k DR- MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT I
j^*^fe|ggl Has Restored Health and Strength to Thousands ®
' ' jg. . ifcf^gjg 1 -^ - — "-~^*>y of Weak Men and Women ¦with Back Pains. 2
j^*^ • "*"' y&Sry •**^ : Swsrf 1 ' — ~~ *~~ Rheumatism, Nervous Debility. Indigestion, Con- S
(- TMr : *uiLi_LJf W stipation, Liver, Kidney and Bladder Troubles. o •
Vsk Tt** tjp S^^Z/£0 Dr - Mclaughlin's Electric Belt has restored health 5^
\f|l^ V. \ Vs_ / -_/ —*££&? anc * s 11 " 60 ?** 1 to thousands of weak and debilitated men m
¦ ijgih W-. -»1f \/*t -«»*illiiP^ anti to P ain " wor ? men an d women. You al*o can b=
ySSm^i. \*^. ijf ['>-m&S&ir curcd i{ you prasp e opportunity I offer. Rend what the q
\' ; >' sffi&S&r cured say. Electricity as furnished by my Belt cures by o
. \ V / Sgle&r f iving back to the weakened nerves, muscles and organs ©
<sB*2g x V\ // / .' 'aS&& : ' the vitality they have lost, reducing intlammation. devel- ©
: V W7t «'/ / /WWy^* °P Jn^ the ful1 v ' Ror °! health and rcroovins: the ctrect3 of ©
¦^^^^xnJ,hj//*y^'S^^ : ' dissipation and violation of nature's laws. 2
— To those whojiave trusted and been betrayed by the g
L^^^^T^T^S^^ff'k'-* seductive promises of quacks and charlatans: to those gjj
who have swallov;cd pailfuls of pills and liquid n'cdicines
, • . ...- " without result except a damaged stomach anu increased &
_pain and weakness, and to those who have worn so-called electric belts which either burned and blistered the ©
'body or gave no electricity. I -offer a positive cure by means of mv Electric Belt. It gives a stronxer current than 9
any other, and 5s guaranteed not to burn or blister. Is as Rood for women as for men. It is worn a few hours •
while you sleep, and is the best friend a sick person can have.. It uives relief from pain and restores strength. It g
makes the blood warm and the nerves as strong as- steel. It doe3 not burn the skin, as it has a special regulator 2?
a"hd cushion electrodes.. '"r - • > .- ;¦ ' • J%
' SEE THE CURES-WHAT STRONGER PROOF IS WANTED?
BOTH FATHER AND SON CURED. CURED! f
-' DEAB' SIR— The ntrvOUS wealcil«SS I complained Dn\R SIR— Tour Belt baa «!on* me » rr«at deal o? t^oA. 1 ara • 0 _
of the^last six.or seve^montha h^^
Your Belt cured me in two months. The Belt has also nt*b7 it. Yours vVry tmi>-. uns. j. m. TETaEROw.
done wonders for my son, who had a bad case of Sawyer Ear ' Sl8klyou County> C « 1 -- Sept - 3?> 1X0 \ •.
Rheumatism. Since my cure I have praised your . CURED! §
Beltto many:doctor 8 as well as otliers, and will con- .-^m^to^ g. t B d e iai T.&?Z£l£ |
tinue to ; ao so. Yours sincerely," . win be mo« ihan pf "a^i to recommend it to ««;««««•. # ¦ ;
v H.W. : YOITNO,PortHarford,Cal.; '
'..'.•; CALL ORSEND FOR FREE BOOK.-4lf you are weak if you have Lame Back. Rheumatism. Weak, g ,
Stomach, Dyspepsia. Sleeplessness. Physical Decline. Loss of Enertrv and Ambition, or any evidence_of_break^n? g
down of the physical or nervous system. COME AND SEE ME OR IF YOU CAN'T CALL, WRITE FOR X .
MY BOOK AND SYMPTOM BLANKS, WHICH ARE SENT SEALED, FREE. Office hours— Q a. m. to 8:30 g,
p. m. Sunday, 10 to i.' \ ¦;¦¦'. . • , - ' . ' <%*»
Dr M A lMcLAflRHIJ.N "¦•7oa market street, :*-
;V' iu» Hi 1UU Jjil U Wll Jjlil , Cor . Kcopny, San Francisco. . J
DR. ' KILMER' S SWAMP-BOOT.
¦v
- 'AD VEB-TISEMENTS.'
Did p^oU Have Rheumatism? Have You
Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
To Prove What Swamp Boot, tha Great Kidney and Bladder Remedy,
Will Bo for YOU, AH Cur Readers fc'.ay Have a
Sample Bottle Sent free fay Mail,
hM^^r^%V^^^^r^% S^tK and bladder need ¦¦-¦
iimely warning: to show you that Lc taking Swamp-Root vou afford natu-
¦theiratk of hcalta is nor cletr. ral help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the
; If thes? d^nrcr turnals are unheeded, most perfect healer and gentle aid to the
ernare^ serious result*, are rare to follow; kidneys thru is known to medical science
'Bright** £teea»e, which is the worse form Swamp-Root is the ercat ••iseowrl- nt
:of kidfify trouble, may st?al upon you. Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidnev anil hind
i.Th^ mil* and the extraordinary effect der specialist. HospHals use ft wUh woSl
ot.tbe wurld-famoLb ¦ kidney and bladder j Jarful success, in both slight ardUvorV.
.remedy. Swarap-Rcot. is soon realized. It cvsr*. lectors recommend* it to their im-
*tands tne hlshest lor :ts wonderful cures tlenis and use it in their own f-imlliVif be-
:«r-tl)e most distressing cases. A trial caure they recognize fn Swamp-Root the
.wiil,jccnvlrce any one-rand you may have greatest and mo<?t Fucre«sful remedv
a sample bottle: for the apklnpr. If you have the sllTht^st svmptom of
• • tiame back is oolyoae symptom of kid- kidney or bladder trouble or it' there i* a.
ruey troul3l<" — one of.meny. ' Other symp- trace of it in yoar 'amJly' history send'at
.torr.s showing that you need Swamp-Root once to Dr. Kilmer & Co Blnrhamton
are: Obligf-d to pars water often during X. Y., who will gladly send you fre* bv
the day and to get up many times at mall, immediately, without co«t to you a
nig-ht. inability to r<ld your urine, smart-" sample bottle of Swamp-Root *>nd a book
lnp or irritation In pas«sinp. brick dust or of wonderful Swamp-Root testimonials
sediment :n the urine, catarrh of the blad- Be sure to 3av that you read this srener-
der. uric acid, constant headache, dlzzi- ous offer in *the San Francisco Sundav
ness. 6le?plespnes6, nervousness, irregu- Call. '
lar heart-beating, rheumatism, bloating. If you are alre?dy convinced that
irritability, worn out feeling, lack of am- Swamp-Root is what you need" you ran
.bition, losa of flesh., sallow complexion. purchj?j<e the regulur fifty-cent' and one-
If your water wfcen allowed to remain dollar siz? bottles at druk stores Don't
undisturbed Jn p. p;! aRS or bottle for twen- make any mistake but remember the
ty-four hours forms a sediment or settling name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamn-
or has a cloudy appearance It is evidence Root, and the address. Binghcmton, X Y
0 -»
o Captain John H. Lyons. %
ADVEETISEMENTS. .. »
-fc It Costs Nothing to Consult These Reliable Specialists. .An Inter-
Q view Will Give Sufferers a Great Deal of Valuable Information Con-
* earning Their Ailment if They Do Wot Take Treatment.
I SPECIALISTSJOR MEN, \ \lk cS : %f
ESTABLISHED 1881. I^^Sfflffijr /'ISflhil^l' ///
-it Lsrxf^t Insjitutlon. Mo«t Ex- tyZy^Mw'")' 1 if r'^Wiw * ///
T weakness which accompanies It, £%%$/$ X. ™ffl «fi«i iCSSa !^^W^ x *ivw' /rt y//
+- I rivate book frt-e at offlce or rftXfi, 'Y^N..^ _„- '^*— Sj^J^SffiSBL^E^^""*
* ELEVATOR \HOA MARKET STREE*F f | hou«-« toe. mur.
& ENTRANCE, j I 31 " san francisco. TKSEt'LV ¦
A l EveoiD**-! to 8,
-?¦O-»-O-»-0-*-0-*-O-»-0 -•¦ O -*-O-»-O-«-O-»-O-»-O-*-»-O-»-O-»-O-»-p-»-O-»' O -*- ff"»iCT i> IT >6»O»'i>^0 <Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦ i
Republican Senators Desire
That the Cut Be Much
Heavier.
WAR TAX BILL
UNSATISFACTORY
His physician. Dr. Russell Bellamy, be
lieves that his youth and strong constitu
tion will make it possible for him to com
bat successfully the disease, notwith
standing the fact that long attention ¦ to
duty, has greatly depleted his strength
and vitality. Lieutenant Hobson is on a
six months' leave of absence on account
of trouble he had with his eyes and his
general health. He came home from the
Far Kast several weeks ago and has since
then spent most of his time In Washing
ton. Three days ago he felt himself fail
ing and at once came to this city, taking
a room in the Army and Navy Club. Fri
day evening he felt much Improved and
for several hours devoted himself to his
correspondence, which had fallen behind.
Suddenly he grew dizzy and,, calling^ an
attendant, was helped to his room and
r>r. Bellamy was sent for. The physician
•was quick to realize the serious condition
of his patient, with whom he remained
throughout the night..
This morning thera was no improvement
and Dr. Bellamy decided that It would be
better to have L/ieutenant Hobson at once
removed to a hospital, where he can have
constant attention. The removal was
made this afternoon. . Later a' blood test
was made and the nature of the disease
was fully established. Dr. Bellamy said
to-night that under • ordinary, circum
stances he would have little fear that his
patient would not recover. Owing to. the
fact that he has been ill for several weeks
the present attack may be of a very seri
ous ynature. ¦ -•¦- •
NEW YORK. Dec 1.— Lieutenant Rich
mond Pearson Hobson, U.'S. N., lies In a
private ward of the Presbyterian Hospital
suffering from a well developed case of
typhoid fever. His friends are greatly
alarmed and word of his illness has been
sent to his parents in Greenboro. Ala. '
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Suffering From an Attack of
Typhoid Fever in New
York.
HERO HOBSON IS
SERIOUSLY ILL
.BERLIN," Dec. 7 ; 1.— Mrs. .White, Vwlfeb:
the United j States : Embassador, « lecture
this afternoon! at the- American Woman* i
Club upon the it! and of Foehr, where shi
spent the summer, and upon Frisian ] cub
toms and antl4ultie«tt»erv
Lecture ) by 4 Mrs. White.
Victim of ITnkiiown'AJssassin.
'- -WASHBURN, "Wis., Dec 1.— George ' M.
Kurbush, • a lumber - inspector and vessel
Inspector and. vessel agent," with offices ir
"Washbtirn,; Ashlandf and Bayfleld, iwas
found i deea [ to-day/ with' a bullet through
his ' head at a lonely spot along the road
between that place 1 and » Nash, ; with i his
pockets rifled."; A revolver, with one cham
ber empty was found : near by. T The Cor
oner's'Jury returned' a verdict of murder,
The funeral, procession wended its waj
to Oakland Cemetery, where Dr. Andrew;
read the commital service while the bod j
was placed .' in the , vault . in the llttlt
chapel.*. : The pallbearers vwere all oU
friends of, the deceased statesman. Thej
were: James > J. Hill, Judge .Walter H
Sanborn, Judge Charles B. Flandrau, ex-
Governor '. John . S. Plllsbury. ex-Unltec
States -: Senator, W. D. Washburn, *Hon
Samuel R. Thayer, E.\W. Peel and Rober
G. Evans. -¦ ,':,. v ¦•- ;, '.-.¦„¦ : - "¦¦¦'¦ -¦ '
Leaving the coffln in the midst of masse*
of beautiful flowers the assembled mourn
ers departed • from ,the . place i of intermem
and the final < scene • In - the earthly life oi
a great : statesman, had. ended. ..: .-.;-_ ;._
Nearly every '.member of the State Sen
ate, all Slate and city officials and a del
egation from the Minnesota House of Rep
resentatives were present.
The committee of" the United States
Senate. and House of Representatives ar
rived a short time before the funeral and
were at the house and cemetery. Thej
were:
Senators Cullom, Nelson, Carter. Spoon
er, Hansbrough, Fettlgrew and McBrlde
escorted. by Colonel M. M. Rarasdell, ser
geant-at-arms of • the Senate, and Rep
resentatives J. J. ; Jenkins, J. T. McCleary
Joel Hearwole, G. C. Stevens, Loret
Fletcher, Page Morris and F. M. Eddy
escorted by Assistant Sergeant-at-Arms
Kinney of- the House.
•All State and city offices were closed foi
the day and business generally was sus
pended during the funeral, while all flags
were hung at half-mast. The services a i
the home at 11 o'clock were of the simp
lest character. Rev.. CD. Andrews, pas
tor of Christ Church, read the fmpresslv*
service of ' the Protestant Episcopa:
church, assisted by Rev. Theodore Sedg
wick, ¦ pastor of the church . of . St. - Johr
the Evangelist, who read the lesson
Music was furnished by a mixed quartet
. Archbishop John Ireland, a life-long per
sonal and. -political; friend of the lat<
Senator Davis,. was present as one of th«
President and Mrs. McKlnley had sent
a beautiful wreath from the White House.
An immense wreath of chrysanthemums,
overlaid with white roses and orchids,
testified to the love and esteem of the
lato Senator's associates in the United
States Senate. From the Old Time Teleg
raphers of America, of which Senatoi
Davis was a member, an emblem of "30' !
in white and pink roses was received.
The comber black casket, the only dec
oration of which was a burnished silvei
plate bearing 'the name "Cushman Kel
logg Davis,' .was almost hidden beneaU
a floral bank.'
ST. PAUL. Minn., Dec. l.-Under a
gloomy sky, in the presence of an im
mense crowd of people, the body of the
late Senator Cushman Kellogg Davis was
to-day placed in a receiving vault. Be
cause Of the aged parents of the deceased
it was desired to have the funeral services
at- the family residence on Farrlngton
avenue and the hundreds who gathered
from all parts of the country to pay their
last tribute of respect to the dead stood
under the trees in the snow and on the
porch and filled the hall and parlors ol
the home. . :
Casket Almost Buried in
Wealth of Floral
Tributes.
FUNERAL OF LATE
SENATOR DAVIS
Ladies' $3 M shoes, vici kid and vesting
tope, beautiful (to-morrow), for- $183 a
pair. There will be 2000 pairs on sale In
all styles and sizes at tl S5 a pair. Shoe
trust sale of the Bee Hive Shoe Company
717 Market rtrtet, xjtax.Tblra. . , - » •
717 Market Street, Hear Third,
LONDON, Dec. 2.— A special dispatch
from Naples the steamer 8t Marie,
trading between Naples and Marseilles,
has been wrecked and that forty-five or
her passengers and a part of her crew
have been lost.
STEAMER ST. MARIE
IS A TOTAL WRECK
: WASHINGTON. Dec, L^-It is stated on
OTCcellent authority that Joseph H. Manley
of Maine nas been requested by the Pres*
tdent to accept . the commisslonership ot
Internal, revenue. ¦• me.de vacant by the
idealb of -George. W. Wilson. ' Mr. Manley
:has Sot yet indicated what his decision
'will-be.-' • ¦ .-.-•. ' •' ¦'¦ ¦ ' " '
Hay Succeed. Wilson.
worked up the north of England, .has now
epr«ad • ta London. The County Council
Announces it is taking active measures to
protect the community. The workingman
now. empties his pewter pint with more
or lese tear and trembling, and analysts
a.re ; -busy; day and night on the "sac
chrane" used so extensively by brewers.
"34aay of these were iound to contain ar
eenic;.. In tfre and other dis
l-trjcta there are already 18,000 patients and
there 'have been seventy deaths due to>a
jveiiuliariy bad lot of glucose supplied to
-favorite :local brewers., which caused peri-
Xheyalneuriilgia, verj- similar to beri-berL
A.% a result of the agitation the use of
\gIucG$e : will.- probably be restricted by
legislation. . ; . . ¦ • _,.'¦
¦A! public analyst suggests that the mys
tery in. the Maybrick .case might have
, !>ee-n •¦¦'solved had the. facts now made pub
lic in regard to arsenic in beer been
; known at the time of the trial. ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦.
Thousands of Beer Drinkers
. In England Are Now
I1L
' ; •¦ • >:-'.*.• •'¦-V.-'
LONDOrir, Dec. 1.— The beer poisoning
epidemic. >t Manchester, which has so
NEW YORK, Dec. L-Flfty delegates,
representing 100,000 Roman Catholics, de
cided at a meeting just adjourned to form
a federation of Roman Catholics in the
United States. Preliminary steps toward
organization were taken at a' secret meet-
Ing held at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.
Among the societies represented at the
meeting were the Knights of St. John,
Catholic Benevolent Legion, Ancient Or
der of Hibernians, Irish Catholic Benevo
lent Union, League of German Societies
of Pennsylvania. Catholic Mutual Benefit
Association, Catholic Total Abstinence
Union of America, Catholic Young Men's
National Union, Catholic German State
Union of New York, and General Benevo
lent Association. The meeting lasted for
four hours. At its close It was announced
that a committee of ten, of which Thomas
P. UcKenna of Long Branch, N. J., was
chairman, bad been appointed to draft
plans of the proposed reaeration and re
port to a convention to be held at Cincin
nati on May 7, 1901. A committee on or
ganisation, with Congressman John J.
Fitzgerald of Brooklyn as chairman, was
chosen. " ..
It was emphatically denied by one of the
delegates that the federation was being
formed for political purposes, or that the
influence of the organization would be
used to gain more civic power. . It was
admitted that this matter had come up
during debate, but the delegates unani
mously agreed to keep the organization
out ot politics. It was also denied that
the question of Roman Catholics being
unjustly discriminated against was dis
cussed at the meeting. A project looking
toward such a federation has for some
time commanaed the attention of Cath
olics. It has been suggested that if men
of the Catholic faith could be brought un
der one national head they would have
strong Influence in national legislation.
Catholics have charged that there is dis
crimination against members of their
church and it was announced that It was
this alleged discrimination that- they In
tended to combat.
Speaking of the proposed federation re
cently. Father F. H. Wall said to a Call
representative: "There is no doubt that
Catholics are discriminated against, al
though they simply demand their rights
under the constitution. Take, for ex
ample, the Indian school question. This
Government entered Into a solemn cove
nant with the authorities to the effect
that if a church established, built and
equipped schools and furnished teachers,
the Government would maintain them.
This agreement has not been lived up to
by the Untied States. Then take the loot
ing of Catholic • churches in- the Philip
pines by the American troops. Some of
the sacred relics from churches are now
exhibited In store windows on Fulton
street In this city.
"One of the most unjust edicts erer pro
mulgated was that of General "Wood, Gov
ernor General of Cuba, refusing to recog
nize a marriage solemnized by the rites
of the Catholic church, performed by a
priest of that church, and declaring that
none but a civil marriage contract would
be valid. Such an edict was iniquitous in
the extreme and clearly showed discrim
ination."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Preliminary Steps Takbn at
a Meeting in New York
City.
CATHOLICS WILL
FORM A UNION
ARSENIC USED
BY BREWERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, DECEMBER Z, lwo;
STOCKHOLM, Dec. t-OUvecron*. a
Swede, formerly Assessor of the High
Court, and Gram, a Norwegian, formerly
* Minister of State, have been appointed
members of the International Court of Ar
bitration at The Hague.
Appointed to Arbitration Comi.
Property.
ROME. Dec L—Owtnc to rains which
have reeenUy fallen th« Tiber has flooded
the country, near Its moath. The rise of
the Tibet exceeds that of 1S70, but th«
damage has been checked by the recently
constructed dykes at the lowest points.
The Pantheon and the Forum, the celeh
o° rtn &.5? eeU < V ad * part of "^« Hospital
Ban Plrito are inundated. The surround
ing country and the Protestant cemetery
outside of St. Paul's gate are also sub
merged. Railroad service Is greatly re
tarded. '. • ' ¦;•¦¦• .
Floods qomrtry Wear Its Mouth, but
; New Dykes Save
TIHKtt HIGHER THAN
Iff MANY YEASS
BERNE, Dec. ¦ 1*— The award of the
Swiss Government in the Franco-Brazil-
Ian boundary dispute gives Brazil-147.000,
000"square miles of the contested terri
tory. France gets about 3000 square miles
north of the Tuinuc Humae range.
Division of Territory.
CLEVELAND, Dec. L— Miss Alts. Rock
efeller, daughter, of John D. ' Rockefeller,
has cabled her mother from Vienna that
her marriage to Parmelee Prentlss, a Chi
cago lawyer;, has been postponed indefi
nitely. Mr. Prentlss is with bis fiancee In
Vienna. Mr. Prentlss and Mlt<« Rockefel
ler were to have been married to-day.
Miss Rockefeller is being treated for deaf
ness, and the doctors at Vienna desire
that she should remain abroad and con
tinue her treatment. The wedding will
probably take place early next spring.
BOCXEFEIiLER WEDDING
ZNDEFniTFEXiY POSTPONED
Bride-to-Be Is Suffering' From D*af-
ness and Host Remain Abroad
for Some Time.
SILVER CITY, N. M., Dec. ' l.-Joseph
Corn, a well-known mining man, was shot
and instantlv killed at Central, a small
town nlnemfles from here, by Julius Wel
gehausen, a prominent stockman. Welee
hausen claims self-defense as his Justifi
cation. The affair has created a, sensation
owing to ths ' prominence of the parties.
Mining ' Han Killed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. L-The funeral of
Rear Admiral Frederick V. McNalr, rank
ing-rear admiral of the navy, was held
at St. John's Episcopal Church here to
day." The services were attended by all of
Admiral McNair's old associates now; In
Washington, Including Secretary Long,
Admiral Dewey. Rear Admirals Hlchborn,
O'Neill, Crownlnshield, Rodgers and Higf-
Klnson and Commander Remey. The ser
vice was conducted by the Rev. Alex. Mc-
Kay-Smith, rector of St. John's, assisted
by the Rev. Walden Meyer, of Christ
Church, navy yard. The burial was, at
Arlington. .
Funeral of Admiral McNair.
The President is making his influence
felt on the Republican Senators. He had
at dinner in the White House to-night
Senators AJdrich of Rhode Island. Platt
of New York, Platt of Connecticut, Alli
son of Iowa and Elklns of West Virginia,
all but the latter being members of the
Senate Committee on Finance. It is un
derstood that the" proposed revenue re
duction bill was the chief topic of con
versation and that the President urged a
conservative course.
The administration is in harmony with
the House leaders. The President does
not want to take any chances on having
the revenues reduced so as to produce a
deficit or embarrass the treasury. in meet
ing the expenditures ¦which will be neces
sary If the present elaborate scheme of
legislation and appropriation is carried
out.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Dec 1.— President
McKlnley has taken a hand In the prep
aration of a Republican programme for
a reduction of taxes. Since the Republi
can members of the House Committee on
Ways and Means, with the assistance of
Secretary of the Treasury Qage, framed
the general outlines of a bill proposing a
cut of $30,000,000 In war taxes the Repub
lican members of the Senate Finance
Committee have plainly Indicated their
dissatisfaction with the work and have
let it be understood that when the bill
reaches the Senate it will be amended so
as to make the cut much heavier.
15
'•"• By ; IRVING BACHELLBL
G%EJITEST . AMET{lCAtK V<OVEL OF RECENT YEA1{S, Say tht Critics.
125th THOUSAND
* LLOYD BRYCE. Editor of the North American Review, says in the
New York Herald: '.' ; • " ; .
"You sink into 'Eben Holden' as into ,the arms of; an easy chair. . . .,
It rests you. The sun'streamsinto your;corner.as you.read. ; You hear;the
babble of brooks, the sigh of the wiud, the soft wave of the i standing jjrain,
the) whisper of 'leaves. . . .; 'Eben. Holden'. has some of;the essential; ele-,
merits of a great book. It aooeals ', to the ; isimple [palate instead of the sated.'
It appeals to the .weary and the iaded instead of to the ) frivolous. ;i And there;
is underneath ' all a deep sympathy ; with ? nature : in ; its various ' expressions .
which attunes humanity to it artd spells the wider^ brotherhood of man. Irvine^
Bacheller in . some ways is to* literature what Waj?ner^ ¦ Is . to music-f-I mean
with all his power to portray, nature. : . . . In 'Eben H^ldtn' h* has teritten]
a book that will >ne." RESPHRBBV :
, W. D.i HO WELLS says: "It is 'as pure as water and as Rood as bread.'"
12mo,"gold Icttered;6n red clot H^< gilt • topi *$li BO. *
LOTHROP PUBLISHING COMPANY, Boston..
ijSMAR'S llTESTllRACLE.
I'he Celebrated Egyptian
.Gypsy Discovers the
o? J. W.
/¦¦¦. Watkins' Lon^ -Lost
Boy.
¦ . From time to rime there have been ap-
pearing in this paper accounts of the won-
fier-workings of Ismar. the famous Egypt-
ian. But perhaps nothing has so clearly
demonstrated her powers as what she has
just accomplished for J. IV. Watklns of
liiicyrus, Ohio.
Mr. and Mrs. Watklns came to Califor-
nia on a pleasure trip, but learned some-
thing that gladdened their hearts more
than all the beauties of our glorious State,
Twelve years ago Mr. Watklns' oldest
I son. a boy of fourteen, suddenly left their
Jiomc, a farm near Bucyrus. and was
never heard ., from afterward. Having
heard much of Ismar and her wonderful
powers he went to see her for advice.
Among many other things she told him
ttat be would find his long lost son work-
teg in a certain restaurant in Los Angeles,
io firmly did Ismar impress him with the
. truth of her statement that be accord-
frgiT left for Los Angreles. where he found
IiIb son Just as she said he would. He la
loud in bis praise of Isroar*s powers.
, This is only one of the many Instances
Jn which Ismar has united the separated
end has given predictions on business
ihatter* that were of incalculable benefit.
-. To one and all, no matter what your
-':. troubles be, come to Ismar. She will tell
• .you what you want to know and set your
p~a.irB aright, whether they be business
•** family, one*.
¦ ' " Iemar can be consulted dally from 10
-c m. to t p. m. U her office. 1148 Market
. street, two doors below TVeinstock & Jja-
¦ -..*<t'e, Suodayi.b? appointment .ocl7« : ,
..ADVERTISEMENTS.
I SNATCHED FROM THE GRAVE, j
The Remarkable Experience of Mrs. Anna John- I
/ son, 1432 San Pedro St., Los Angeles, Cal. i
The case of Mrs. Anna John son has baffled the . . ' • . /""S^ '*
skill of physicians of Los Angeles. Mrs. Johnson ' • . /I. \ I
was 60 years old. For thirty years she has been a '. •• j AjW^\ (j
victim of kidney and bladder troubles and rheu- .• K- < t |\ • t|
matism. I>octors in the city examined her and '. ./l5vi'luL\ K
told her that the only help for her was to have • /i^UOESx H
one of her kidneys removed. Mrs. Johnson' of /.\f>r^^^\ ¦ ¦
course consented, the made arrangements / 1^^^^^. \
to take her to the, hospital, the ambulance -was I '•¦/ '^^^^^^^\ M
ready to take her and sympathizing friends were /£>%>> 1 m
around weeping, for the doctors said, "We fear LryVi* - ?^ra'.^Al M
the results." .Mrs. Johnson was 60 years old. and l^i^C»\ i(/4w' i 'V*:i| \\
must undergo such a dangerous operation. Thus I : ! K> * *V*'vJ— I • ¦ H '
she was looking through the great Valley of ri^x^- >v v^l 0
Death; poor woman, consented to be operated on, I 'i^«^|h*^- \r^J * V^*S M
|| if possible to save her life. IjTI 'W«>P\/ •«./ : H
The devoted daughter, and friends, seeing the \*^^JB jL. Q/ a
poor chances of her recovery, interfered, and re- \ ' / N
fused to allow th» mother to go, and declared, "If \ i^« |L ik?ix# / ul
she .must die, \ |\I DNEy / . ¦
I hours happy." XfilAnftyi 1 ?/ m
IB mM^^> ; :i
A^YV^ C^ bottle of HcBurney's Kidney and Bladder fl
MA^ *^^*i V£{ cure be brought to the suffering patient Vi
/^Stwi^ • A\ j Haste was made to Mr. McBurney's of- t •
.(jilSftfcL /%»r / flce » 41S s - SDrln » street, arid a bottle S
' s~-^^^^5* ¦ procured, and hurried to the- bedside, of \
/3^~ -^^^^^^HI Mrs. Johnson. Doctors looked " wise, S
/i^^?^^ « F^ 3^ friends and family anxiously awaited the • I
5sZ£^J==^L. v^iS^55? a^^^^^5 results. One dose was given, and with . 1
V^^^^^^^^p^fvr^^^^^*^^^^: eager watching to not© the results at
. *%%2%=5S^£f^T^|fcf)^ •«.w.?^ 5^^. change soon came, tears were changed to I '
J&*? : 4^^'$?*^fr / .'^smiles; , another dose- tras administered, ' \
.¦^^L,"-*" .*••*{( §%•/ "*N»-^S> tno Patient was improving.- From' the!
¦^§5S$&*'<-^ -V /t weak.-and emaciated condition th« pa.-. I .
' "^^^^&i '''v-X yZrV tlent realized her improvement, and so on |
"^"^ \^i&to .£f'^ McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cure I
:> Sj§S5x, '*0_ $§^ raised Mrs. Johnson from the deathbed of: I
. '¦".',- ,•.*.;?* . '" :•' /r 5 * . " sickness,' and -to-day, dear reader, sh« is t
MRS.' ANNA 1 JOHNSON, able to appear on the streets of Los An- |
"1483 San Pedro St.', Los Angeles. geles, .a different woman— due to what? 1
, ( . Not to the doctors, but to that, grand, H
lever falling, remedy, McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cure. . •. • ' t|
; 7 ONB BOTTLE CURES RHEUMATISM. I
, Do you suffer .with pain in the back and bladder? Do your feet and legs H
•well?' Do you sleep well?. Do you have a constant desire to urtnatetand a
tired feeling, and your heart flutter? Do you have scalding? Do you hay« i]
abundance of water,' or a scanty flow of dark colored water? Do you have ; m
brlckdust deposits? Do you have* rheumatism? If you have the above syrap- '• H
toms take ten drops of McBurney's. One Bottle Cures. • n
?McBurhey > s and Bladder Cure ; [}
* E3ft>ress 'prepaid,- $L50. Liver Regulator and Blood Purifier, $1.25. liver Tab- . li
lets Z5c : Send 25 cents In 2-cent stamps for a five days' treatment. * ¦ • i-l
WF MrRIIRNFV 4 ? 8 South SprIng 8t - i
Fop Sale at DAHLBENDER DRUG CO., 214 Kearoy Street, and a« • 1
K ; THE OWL DRUG CO., 1128 Market Street. . \\
427 // This /* the period of good flr . **& Grand Christmas Levee. It's ~*$Oi J jffijr4«|y£ffi> v~ — ' —^i/ ' \m. !"~^ "!_
/ • JleN^- P- • cheer, and we're in that mood *J&r /%%%/' % illR^rV built for you to come and enjoy ytfillmvma \L^p^\ Wrif' if 1 KfOP^^^
7T | l!/A fe£K\ Wli and this item is to put you in that Jig" jMr^'- /*»K (SlKVl t£ yourselves with us. fc 1 1 IBH^i sS=::::^^^\ —^\^ ift *>V/h/VU
If V M.I ' double-breasted silk vest Just 3& H^bSfSw^J^^^^^ "* iKS 1 M SantdCIaUS, |l\H^t\ 1^^ Wl 'M/ dlTalC nattily* and JauntUy
? W\2Ji thefamtestghmpseofmanmsh-W *^^fe>%I^-^l DJO'^- C \\Wfm ' M trimmed, topped off with clever 1&
% EM jL/^> /BiP^^^ Riding « A \l\H^^ W biis of h/ s h - c/ast **»°r in 9 in if
» 4^WV ' /ImW In the two newest and smarte s sj$j§ V|| T I K they're alone they'd be wel- *.&'//?/// *^g&^£fa I the Rainy-Day Hats are Freakish. jgL
kb ..;^ Mapie and Oxford. 11 ISM (l/^m ™* F * '* no business on iha{ ~% r/lift^^B^xllll /; f/ The Janice -jS
, %. \ You' a 'never hesitate in paying i. '*W J^Wj&fi ||\ ? '° receiye / ou ' an( * will pro- y$ \ '{// "*y^f I* 9 race an( * beauty personified,
\4 ¦•.'¦' Raphael's know how to build m -. /^^/^/SCOA^^tS^ M fttflflT^' «?• rt/> \j^F.°3 * "ii^vN jsi to 5:00, and in the eveninq *& . iPliilli EZ£~\ 2$7
X? • swell juvenile apparel. ±fc 5^^^^^^ M' frOm 7: °° to 8:3 °- 3 " " tP.Z»O\J "g'MEXICO CITY. Dec. 1.— President Diaz,
escorted by his military staff and Pres!
dential Guards, left his houae at 9 o'clock
this morning, and passing through streets,
lined with troops went to the hall of- tha
House of ¦ Representatives, where he took
the oath as President of the republic for
the next four years. When he entered the
Chamber of. Deputies all rose and he took
his stand In front of the Speaker of tha
House, who asked htm If. he promised to
observe and comply with: the precepts of
the constitution. The President answered
in the affirmative and the Speaker said:
"If you shall do. may the nation reward
you. and if. you do not, may it call you to
account." .
This t constitutes the simple ceremonies
of affirmation. The President . then drove
with his staff and escort, accompanied, by
all his Cabinet Ministers, to the national
palace, where he received congratulations
of the diplomatic corps, foremost among
whom .' was General Powell Clayton, the
American Embassador, who by his rank.
ta*.es precedence In matters of diplomatic
ceremonials.'QpBqSRMnMlBNHSM
'.The President then stood on the central
balcony ,of the palace, surrounded by a
brilliant r throngs and reviewed tho great
procession of peace, made np of allegorical
PRESIDENT DIAZ TAKES
: . THE OATH OF OFFICE
NEW YORK. Dee. 1— A. Ottlnger is at
tha Imperial, J. Tomlinson ' Jr. Is at the
Grand Union, Mrs. W. J. Younger is at
the Hoffman, Mrs. Bayla is at the Union
Square, A. Chesebrough is at the Holland.
E. B. Hlndes la at the Imperial, D. A.
Hulse is at the Normandle — all of San
Francisco; J. S. Temple, of Los Angeles is
at the Navarre.
Mr. Martin Kennedy, of Raphael, "Well
& Co.'s San Francisco house, was hert
last week buying goods. Mr. Kennedy is
known from one end of Broadway to th«
other and is universally popular.
Moses A. Gunst and wife were at th<
Waldorffr Astoria last week, and took • Ir
the horse show. . . D. R. C.
CALIF0RNIANS IN NEW YORK
Dr. Coffey, the popular young Southeri
Pacific surgeon, wno came East U
gather what pointers he could in Nev
York and "Eastern hospitals, is so please*
with his work and -with New York cit:
that ho contemplates remaining for somi
time longer. The hospital officials 'an
extending to him every courtesy and th<
doctor is working hard to make his trlj
East a success, as well as a great pleas
ure.
Mr. W. J. Martin, business manager oi
The Call, having spent ¦ a week at the
Hoffman House, left to-night (Novembei
26) for the West via New York Centra:
and Lake Shore railroads. He will stor
one day at Chicago.
Miss 1 Edith de Graw will this wintei
play af the Orpheura. San Francisco, with
a vaudeville company.
Mr. E. C. Hughes and Mrs. Hughes ol
San Francisco are on a trip to Boston,
but will return here before leaving for
the Far West.
Nearly half of "Foxy Qulller's" time ai
the Broadway Theuter ha3 expired. Th«
De Koven-Smith comic opera went then
to remaJn seven weeks, and three of therr
have been passed. The music of this spir
ited work is hard to surpass In Its par
ticular Held, and the libretto !s humorous
and full of quaint characters. "Foxj
Quiller" ai.d "Florodora" are the besl
comic operas that have appeared in New
York In many years.
Personal Mention.
"The Belle of Bridgeport" continues tc
be one of New York's great attractions.
May Irwin herself is of course the great
drawing card arid she is Just as funny as
ever. She is simply coining money at the
Bijou and will soon be proprietress ol
that theater and will manage it herself.
Her manager, Mr. Scott,- tells me that
May Irwin and company will make a tour
ana will take In San Francisco in the
spring or early summer.
will take her company "West, going as far
as San Francisco.
"Florodora" a Hit
"Florodora" has found a niche appar
ently built for it In the good will of the
lovers of musical comedy. The melody of
this English piece Is quite the best brought
here from abroad for many seasons. The
nightly feature continues to be the sextet
slngins "Tell Me. Pretty Maiden." In
this song Is a theme which will probably
outlive the opera. : The Edoulna are be
coming favorites. Edna Wallace Hoppei
looks charming: in her Filipino costume.
One of the joint owners of ''Florodora' is
John C- Fisher of San Diego, proprietor of
the handsome opera-house in that city.
Other Attractions.
The sudden success of Henrietta Cross
man in "Mistress Nell" at the Savoy on
Thirty-fourth street Is substantial. She
has leaped into sudden popularity. MI33
Crossnjan's acting is simply delightful.
The play m a gcod one, and the house is
turning people away every night.
.characters,- : rural guards In their pict'ar- ;
tsque uniforms, representatives of -tho
press and banks in carriages and many
societies/and deputations from alt the
manufacturing and mining industries ire
Mexico. • .:,-¦-¦¦; ..-.¦.:•¦¦¦:'
inson, aged 18 years,' of Libby . ' Mont.;" was
arrested here to^night at a, leading; hotel
charged : with beinsf a * fugitive ; from -Jus
tice.- Mrs. Robinson is '¦'. the wife of, one of
the officials of the American Kootenai
Mining and Mllllrig. Company, at Libby.
( His wife is ; charged in the ; telegram, to
the police here with having stolen « J25j000
worth of the stock of that company, be-r
longing to her. husband.. The woman says
the .stock is In her name on the books of
the company. She offera to return to Mon-
Mrs. Grace Robinson of ; Montana Is
Arrested in Oh^o on a Serious r
Charge.
CLEVELAND," Dec. 1.— Mrs; Grace Rob-
WOMAN IS ACCUSED OF
STEALING VALUABLE STOCK
All members and parts of the social 'or
r.anization must draw, and drink from the
fountain of life, which proceeds from him.
I^egal enactments, national institutions,
universities and schools,- marriage laws
and family, palaces of the wealthy and
workshops of the toilers. And let it be
borne In mind that upon this largely de
pends that civilization of ; - nations which
is so, much desired. ' - ; :
The Pope begs, of all Christians to do
what they can to know their Redeemer
tx* he is, and he especially appeals to the
clergy to exert their zeal for this purpose
as far as possible in the pulpit and schools
ond wherever opportunity offers.
These, the Pope says, must be sought ;
absolutely from the church, and accord- '
ingly, as Christ is the way. for men, so
also is the church. He of himself ana by
his nature,' she by the 'office conferred on:
her and communication of power. There
fore, contends the Pope, whosoever looks
for salvation outside of the church has
gone astray and is laboring In vain. The
case, he says, is almost the same with
states as with individuals. They, too,
must end disastrously if they depart from
the way. The Pope next declares that by
confusion of ideas both rulers and sub
jects have been led away from the true
paths, for they needed what was want
ing—a. guide and support.. And, he asks,
do we not every day see states which have
labored hard to Insure an Increased pub
lic prosperity distressed and suffering in
many- respects,- and these of highest im
portance? "True, it is asserted that civil
society suffices for itself; that it can get
on well, though -without the aid of Chris
tian institutions, and attain its end by Its
own efforts alone. Hence it is nought to
laicise work- of public administration, so
that the traces of ancient religion are
dallv becoming fewer in civil affairs and
public life. But, the Pope says, those who
are responcible for this do not perceive
well enough the effect of what they are
doing. ¦ , .
For the idea of Judging what is good
and what is evil being given up, laws must
lose their chief authority and justice col
lapse: In like manner, says the Pope,
when hope and expectation of eternal
happiness have disappeared there is a
disposition to thirst eagerly for earthly
goods, and every one endeavors, by all
means in his power, to grab aa much of
thorn as he can for himself. Hence arise
jealousy, rivalry, envy, hatred and then
horrible schemes; a desire to abolish all
power; a design to create ruin every
where; no tranquillity abroad; no security
at. home. Christ, the Lord, must be re
tlored to human society as to his pdsses
n'.on. |BPWS|9B|HKyte>BlB8i "
ing forth, developed Into a great fire, and
that the excellent example set by many
pilgrims might move the rest of the
•world.
The Pope asserts that if they recognized
that nothing could be more wretchea than
to have left the Redeemer of. the world
and abandoned Christian customs and
teachings, surely all would arise and,
changing their course, seek to escape cer
tain ruin. To preserve and extend the
kingdom of God on earth Is the office of
the church, and how that special oppor
tunities are offered during holy year the
knowledge and love of Jesus Christ should
be more largely diffused by teaching, per-
Buasion and exhortation, directed not so
much to those who listen attentively as
to all those unhappy ones who, while re
taining a Christian name, spend their
lives without faith and without love of
Christ's laws.
¦• JiyETT TORK. Dec 1.— There lias just
.'been received here frorn'Rome a copy of
• the Pope's' encyclical oil "Jesus Christ the
Redj«mer." The encyclical la Intended by
, ; the Pope as an end of the century address
• by. hiin;Vt6: the Catholic faithful.. In. this
country the Bishops will transmit the en
[ irycHcal -to their priests, who in turn will
: -Tftad it to the '¦ people. Although it b not
possible, tbe Pope ear*, to look to the f 11
ixure. : ;?rithput' anxiety jendthe dansr*»ri« to
Special Dispatch to The Call.
be feared are neither light nor few. the
Bources of evil, private, and public, being
so many and so inveterate, still through
God's goodness the end of the century
seems to afford some grounds for hope
and comfort. - At a. single sign - from the
Roman pontiff a great multitude of pil
grims thronged Rome during - the holy
year. Who, asks the Pope, could fail to
be moved by this spectacle of extraordi
nary devotion toward the Savior. Would,
he; says, that those flames of old Catholic
¦thirty Trhich- had, as It. -were', been burst-
POPE LEO'S ON THE
END OF THE NINETEENTH CENTURY
MEW YORK, Dec. 1.— The vexed
question of Idssinsrfon thff stage
has been broiiRht barik into
prominence by the amended com
plaint in *the suit brought by
Katherlnc Grey against Richard Mans
fleld. Miss Grey was a Mi.-s Best of San
Francisco before she took to the stage.
She is now the wife of Actor "Jack Ma
son, with whom she filled an engagement
some months ago at the Orpheum In her
native <?ity. ,
The complaint brought by the actress Is
unusual : in the fact that Miss Grey does
not so greatly object to the kiss itself, re
garding such osculation as an exigency or
the part In which she was playing, but
she objects strenuously to Richard Mans
field's-manner in performing the act. v
The amount of her objection is placed
at $1500. the damage, being asked for the
reason that the plaintiff '-became serious
ly 111 and shocked so, that she required
medical aid and attendance." The amend
ed complaint also contains some strictures
on the eminent actor himself, which ven
ture into. the}. realm- of- .-..expletive ¦•_ .
Miss Grey v also alleges that Mansfield
insulted her by coming into the > stage
box when she was before the footlights,
and by mocking her caused her to be
come nervous, an attack of nervous pros
come-"up for trial shortly. • •
Bernhardt and Coquelin.
• The first performance of Mme. Bern
•hardt- and^ M. Coquelin at the Garaen
Theater lave the public its first opportu
nity of seeing these great artists together
in "IVAiKlon." It was a wonderful per
foWam-e. . As the Due de Relchstadt. the
son ot ' Napoleon, Mme. Bernhardt played
on all the emodons f with a master hand.
In the white costume of an Austrian of
ficer her figure, still girlish and graceful,
evoked expressions of surprise^ and ad
miration. In the scene where Prince Met
ternich points out to the Due. as reflected
in the glass, the Austrian traits of his
countenance, which Napoleon's son affects
to despise. Mme. Bernhardt achieved -a
great triumph. In the battle scene In the
fourth act, where L'AJglon on the field ol
Wagram sees An a dream the whole ca
reer of his father, and the voices of the
dead seem to acclaim the Emperor from
the tomb, the tableau was full of gran
deur. In the death scene in the last act,
where the consumptive Due dies in a fit
of coughing, the great French actress
gives a remarkable bit of acting.
A representative of The Call was grant
ed an interview with Mme. Bernhardt at
her apartments in the Savoy. • Her greet
ing was most cordial. A long, lank, black,
figure, taperins toward the feet: skirts
wrauped closely around in. a swirl; the
skirt a train oi lace, with bottom of fur,
crushed about the feet She peered at me
with an encouraging smile from beneath
her mop ot hair.
"Oh, ves! San Franceesco. I remembei
¦well. Three times thlr. will make, and I
lalk that ceety very mooch, I tell you; in-
dee3. very mooch. Perhaps It ees because
they laik me too. I shall be there in Feb
ruary and shall play in 'I/Alglon,' 'Ham
let' and possibly 'Camille.' "
Nethersole Coming. ,
On last Tuesday night Olga Nethersole
was Fanny I>? Grand in the boldly
realistic Fltch-Daudet orama "Saplio" for
the one hundred and filtleth time. Not all
of thete. performances have been In New
York, however.' The engagement at Wal
laclc's ended to-night. . Bliss Nethe.rsole
« ¦ ¦ •¦ ¦
KATHERINE GREY (MRS. JACK MASON), A FORMER SAN FRANCIS
CAN. WHOSE SUIT AGAINST ACTOR RICHARD MANSFIELD IS
CAUSING MUCH COMMENT.
KATHERINE GREY SHIES
AT MANSFIELD'S KISS
Former San Francisco Girl Says the Actor's
Salute Made Her- Sick.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALli, SUNDAY, TjiE^MTJER 2, 1900.
16
ADVERTISEIOINTS.
I B. KATSCHINSK^l
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
l\ 10 Third St.. Son Francisco. .. \
JUST A REMINDER. |
The Christmas Holidays wUl soon I)* *
.here and you certainly . Intend givln? ¦ •
a few presents. . Now what la more- ¦"..;
sensible or more : acceptable than it neat . '
sllpp«r? We h?Lve the largest selection ¦ E
Jn this city, so Just keep m In mirut, fi '
Ladles' Quilted Satin Juliets, colors 5 ;
Black, Ked or Gold, lamb's wool lin-
ing and seal : fur: trimmed, reduced to 5 ¦'
Kii.-xi a pair. .' ; . . ; ¦¦¦.¦ : ¦;;•. ; . ¦.¦:-..¦ •-¦;-. |g ¦
Mlsse* and- Children's Red or Black ' j '
Felt Julleta, fur trtrnmecl and aprins > "'¦
heels— •:¦¦ ¦>' . • : ::¦ ft ¦•.
3 Child's sizes. 6 to ll........Sr5c ¦ 1 '¦¦¦-.
Misses' sizes.. 11 'i to 2. ..->.,.. OJe ' ;¦'¦ | .'..-
.Men's- Tan .or' Black K>a t.verett ' -A
Slippers, very neat and natt>% reduced t t
to 01^5. ' - I
i Shoe Orders— If you d»str* to mak» n
¦ a present and ' do' not know the size H
buy a shoe ¦ order.
¦Country Orders Solicited. : ' f.
Sendfor Illustrated Catalogue. . t
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
10 THIRD ST. SsnFnncisso. ¥¦
DD TT Q II I? Q FOB BARBEKS, Bak-
Ol\ U DflJuD ?™. bootblacks, ba:h-
, ; : ¦ .¦ : houses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-maker* . canners!
dyers, fionrmilta; ¦ foundries. ''" laundries, paper-
hangers, printers.' painters. »r-.o« factorfeav . »ta.
blenaen, tar-roofcrs. tanner3. tailorj, etc. ¦¦'¦¦¦ ¦¦ ' '. ¦'¦¦
' ¦ BUCnAAAN BROS..
Brush Nraftufdcturars. COO Sacramjnto 5t
;E0TAST PIT3LT3 15>;4JT0R«fiAr-U^
Tenta FJoor. Room 1013. Claua Spreckela Bldi
. Telephones Brown SSL - ; ' :.
Residence. 82i .CallfornJa st..' below PowelL '.
. • -.-San t'nanclaoo*.- ¦;¦.¦ , : . ..-' *
EADWA? 'S I6E Al>^ RKL1 UV ha. -*\A
unrivaled before the public f6r io years aTT^
PMn Remedy. It Instantly reUeYes. Inl anicki?
cures all Colds. Sor. Throata. Influenza. Broa-
cnitis. RMumonla.- Rbeujnatlsxa. NvuralKta.
Headache. Toothache and all pains. In*«roailr .
(or Mal&rla and all Bowel Pains. All druRtsUk
B-B-B-BHbMB- H-O-SEt-H-n
i w h a t i
fl live I-
i i l • »
f ; t- h; :: C:' >.
H iY (\ \J f '
¦ : y • i.
I, Is there any common
i sense in a gift day of use- \
I less breakable toys ?
j Why don't you select '
,a good warm wearable ,
j winter suit, a few pair 'of i
'j stockings, a necktie or an I
L. overcoat ? j »
!, Boys appreciate useful I
presents and such appre- I
'¦ ciatipn should be culti- |
vated by useful present i
i giving— r
i free watches b
3 will be given from our : '¦
jg boys' clothing dept all this '
I month. A fine stem wind- j
I ing American watch given B
with every $4.50 sale o
XI An goods mm be bought ;o bay"« ¦¦
| ; . . - - ¦ ¦ arpanmenc j
. Boys' Jchoo' suits - $1.35 up T
V Boys' ,schoo. sweaters - 75c. up g-
, Boys' -Winter overcoats $2.50 up I
Boys' colored shirts. - 65c. up j
' Boys' mackintoshes - up B
j Boys' neckwear - - 25c. up i.
Boys', school stockings 1 2^c. . up |
I Boys' Sunday hats - 6 5 c. up B
I For men I
I Men's initialed hdkfs - • I2 4 C up j ¦
1 Men's silk hdkfs - ..iO'ijcupB:
I Men's silk. mufflers ; - $ 1 .00 up 1
\ Men's tancy ; susperiders 50c. up -|
? -Men's dress gloves - 95c. up 8
.••Men's fancy hosiery I2^c2 up jg
1 Tobacco t
I *• ¦;.;. The Red Front * tobacco ' depart-' |
I ment is known to nearly every par- ¦?;
a : ocular smoker, in S. F. Our best 5-
L cigars especially boxed for Xmas '• '•-;
I - gitts-i— 25 or jOScigars in a box— ®
fl pipes and cases, cigars and tobacco 83
*,;: galore. S?'']?.^\:2% i - i $ .: \
:"1 i ., -."j ¦¦ mm r mmmmm ... f
I Xmas Gift Orders ? .
I Orders issued to any
I amount for any article in '
fl the store — especially de- t
• J, sirable tor tobacco, hats, ¦':
I "shoes or clothing. . l
J I : ¦¦-' ¦ — : : - r
Mail orders filled.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.,
I Is indispensable to athletic !
•j", success. » In training, much
, . stress is laid upon diet; care-
& ful attention" to the quantity '
.' I and 'quality, of. the food eat-
en, with regularity of, meals. ¦ ' ,
That is the secret of strength for every
man . ' No man 1 can be stronger than h:s
stomach. 'The" ;carelesa and .irregular-
eating, of b'usiness^men, causes disease
,-' of - the ; stomach t and its allied organs of
digestion and nutrition. There can be
no sound; health until .these diseases are;
cured. - •'•
; Iir.' Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery ;
cures diseases of , the | stomach - arid [ other
organs of digestion and • nutrition^ and
enables the body to be built up into vig-
J orous health by; the ; assimilation of the
nutrition extracted from food;
: - '•. " I was taken with the gTippe, which resulted
In heart and stomach trouble," writes Mr. T. R.
I Caudilt of Montland, Alleghany Co.,' JI. C. I " I
\ was' unable to do anything: a' good part of the'
jtime. ; ¦; I wrote to Dr. Pierce about my condition,
having full confidence in his mediane. ;He ad-
' vised me to take his 'Golden Medical Discovery,'"
which I did.- ; ; Before I had' finished the second
.bottle I began to feel better. : I have used nearly
. six bottles. :, J feel thankful to God for the bene-
I fit I have received from Dr. Pierce's Golden Med- :
leal Discovery.! -I can highly. recommend it to
: ail persons as a good and safe medicine." . •
i< Dr."? Pierce's \ Pellet* cure constipation^
ISUS^ Christmas Only 3 Weeks Away S 1
X a convenient way J * Monday 7 9c Each 5
to present piov«« is to • Great care and attention have been given In -the se- a r r^n d^garm£nt,
eend a ¦ glov* ¦ order. lection of suitable merchandise for the Holiday Trade." "m^or extra
.^tS^ffit n ca^ Every department is replete with useful articles, most at- f^d^Ss^wiu not "3
m&ke tfxe seiectipn. and tractively arranged for easy observation and comfort in shrink; Jersey ribbed: =9 «
¦rtred 9 A?erJ^ur be w- buying. Make your selection of gifts before the enormous meSf tU On : 6% $ rfa4 lafe
¦ t^^uneni*^ """¦'" i rush ' ** on nd "w^ile stocks are complete. 79c Each. 3
ENORMOUS PURCHASE OF GLOVES. I
4000 PAIRS LADIES' $1.75 GLOVES ON SALE AT .
AstdniEhtng values — Our New York buyer secured . through- extremely clever JB cfi jj^ "3?
raaulpnlatiou over 4000 pairs of absolutely perfect and hig-h grade Gloves at a tre- BjQ * I gj I I
meiidous sacrifice. . It was THE GLOVE CHANCE of the year. A transaction involving to! | 111^
niore good gcods for less money than ever before went in a single purchase. They . I B E w -^ •
were manufactured for the world-renoTiraed THErOUSSE GLOVE MANTJFACTUR- BVM | Z2
EES OF PABIS. Every pair is this season's production, made of thefinest selected skins, yA&y/ |
carefully sewn, the latest stitched backs, with two large fashionable clasps, in colors nr% =3
of Tan, Mode, Brown, Gray, Ox-Blood and Black/all sizes ? ... A PAIR -^
: This is a splendid opportunity for prudent, buyers to anticipate Holiday needs bysupplying their
requirements: now while the lines are complete — besides great saving, getting $1 75 gloves for $1 10
a pair. We guarantee every pair and will fit them if desired. .
j TWO GRAND WAIST BARG&IIN2S. !l
6uch \tl!um as we clve you Justify peop!«* In pronouncing ours the most popular waist department In this city. Opportunities -^* .
«n-.e thick and : fast. Aealn to-mcrrow we announce a waist Mle which will prove of Incalculable Interest to lovers of beautltui _ - ,
: and dainty garments, and we promise you a ravins of at least $2.J0 to 53.-0 en every cne. ¦ ITS
SAMPLE SILK WAISTS. NOVELTY FLANNEL WAISTS |
1S5 €IIk Wal*-t« were doeed out from a jjtjk n <% t*> It you are looking for a real swell waist, ' A PA
:'$8hs£ vm s^'5ffl!r t S5. at '-as p J Hi you must come here to - morrow - Tou w : n (P M -, nil ¦ 3 ¦
nejther old style* nor of poor silks. All w4 Si |Uw prcr.our.ee them very exceptional and tho ffl 8 W ' -*m
. are -fresh and new. w*rs mada of the l>«st --^K O \ best value of the season. They ara made ¥& I* Rj.. •
Taffeta and P*au <3e Soie gilk. In the lat- tj EH EBfcfM „• «^«=. -c-^^^v, riannAi .mSmMBrKi with n I \r, Hffi23l ~«n
est fashions and the best workmanship. WLflf Tafh of finest French Flannel, embroidered with tliffl""^! —j
"The best colora are represented la this lot. ¦ *-*"» exquisite bowknot designs, tucked front yfm B . .;', '/,. ~JJ
... &b Pink. Light Blue. OldRose. Oreen. Tur- * •-. Rn( j back: a perfect Httinic garment: In — «
iZ^SS+g&gtt^afSfik wSft- W <> r th fashionable colors of Cardinal. Old K.e, COOd ValUD 3,
!rom Jfr .:*. to ?8,-5S each. On sale to-morrow f6.«5O to S8.&O Royal, Blark, White and Cream, all sizes.. $7.OD — «¦
7Sc ilKft 5f .OOiKARUKERCKIEFS QQn $1.25 57-iHfH -LACK T/FFE*A g7r ' * ?AUTfF mSlIOAY ) M$jM S!j
.! '¦:._ Special. Monday- , Each - UO O^ Scle Tc-Morrow -Yar-* u ' ° a "r-iejidid 1 ,^ 1^,,^^ 0^^ Z. j
': -An -'-tdeql 'hrtidpy girt— nothing more op- .We are.always plvlns you somethinK v»n-' W^?lSSl 0Btth«*ntlrf surplua ntock from
I M :*li«.;_ pretty and dainty .^^m^M^jg^^ &faBlai^S^SSS??^W^
:, fendkercWefs. . t\e made a lucky purtha«e b . ar^r n . You oruld net find a more hril- J$> wth "~ !
A.<k abcnrt.3i-do2en. They were j Imported llant and lustrcup F.'lk. the kind h*st «u:t*».l " fiowi-* <»ndK° «n.1 orettllv 'trimmed -- 1
•broidered and . edgwl a flnc quality M , m th? re(Cu]ar price> fully . 27 inches Jots- , . — J
Frcnfh -Tace.; actually, worth T5c OQ/, »1de. On sale to-morrow.. QT<- »C, >'»./» ana -J U .
. antjLll eaeh. ?pfcial...., Escli O«7v .;.........;. Yard O t W Good value i $1 25. ?! "'• and iZ. ZZ. j
Liiacties' TaHor- : .,'¦•. - .'..'" , , ' trrr S6.OO Lodes'. =£>
; S SS; i A GREAT OFFERING OF I ma ZX' s ' I
iiii^l: BLACH GOODS BEMNANTS AT S|^®
' ne J thVrn Is ; iorth " ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ ; • ' ' : ¦ •' ' ; * ff • from the manufsdurer — «
V ir> > * Made of the ' .One of the mo?t curcessful fpecial sales of high-grade Black B \ O f I. a d 1 e s' Markln- Z^
:-i^«t kwk? »nd: N'avv' DreF? Goods ever held by us has just been completed. To-morrow m _ _ » » — *•
: .^2vi?t'- %ut?e^rea«t ' »'• will plare on sale all tlie-"nemnants left on hand, th?t we have _. M to*hes. S u a r a n teed -^,
' • id" ; Rui«ta»i EloUs-and : aetermined to sell rtgaxdrest" of their original ccK. In the lot you . "^J . wctPrproof; separate ; ZZm
Eton "kvie, f=lli-iir«l will find Waist and Skirt lengths, -the most desirable styles and cape; with pretty plaid
S^tV.nd wav a« " weaves, such as Black Cheviots. A enetians. Broadcloths, Pleiolas. Una , ' ' ' ....
¦? fl^l»SVw- Crfi^ns and Matelasies, ail marked at ONE-HALF THE FORMER lining- throughout; In Z£
-Ikirt i^n «lH : SEALING PRICE, .: .;. . : . '. P2ICS j all sizes. Monday. |W
:¦¦'¦-.•; $1^.7.5-Su5t: v -'-:-- ,',' ' ' .'. .. . ' .. ' ' " ¦ .. ' . ' $3.95 Each.
: GRAND r .1 COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE; PROMPT ATTENTION, FRENCH 2
' FtTJ-BUQWH • ¦ : : .- ¦'•-.'. : ¦:¦.-¦ ~ : . FLANNE'S' =5
ADVESTISEHENTS.
BEFORE DURING AFTEI^
i Km flr y£w HI Sw wi fil Mm Wa w* Q ¦' ' ' ¦ TCtj \^^^. "'
BODY AND BRAIN
lgwffihuJMl!0t^ Si nc ° !*<**• Endorsed by MedicaJ Profession- • J
lasting efficacious^agreeable
At Druggists Everywhere. Refuse Substitutes.
— — _ ' - - • ¦ _— 1 —— — —^— ¦ . ¦— — —^' ; ;
FORCED OUT BY THE TRUST. M
The Massachusetts Rubber Company is '-not now a ; - •
member of the Rubber Trust We are, fighting
them and have opened stores in. every large city ; ;
oi the country. Tha San Francisco agency has ; :.J
m been in tructed to sell immediately, without re- ¦:;>:•- - /
|| gard to co^t, . - ¦"¦[ .....: e * /''••)/
I $63,C00 Worth of Ladies', Men's and Chi 1 -: |
I dren's Mackintoshes. - :. \ , j •
I The. following are^a tew of our ridiculously low : : :' :^ w .-};;^y-
f] prices. No such opportunity has ever been !.. J:.^
I eff.-red before: .. - . ¦ -. j
I Ladies' fine wool, silk lined. Henri- Men's pare wool cape and .bojc- k
I etta .Melton etc.. inlaid Collars ; .^fg* d^^ ,Sfe j?fc
I single or double cape, reduced . {rom $30, $ X 6. $i 2 ; $8.: • t , :
H from $20, $16. $12, $8. .^j A f| $3.50, to $n.oo, $7-.90 I fl Q f
g $4, to $10, $7.50, $408. 'k. I II K $5-5Q. $3-?S and. ..... I iLH i
I $3.49 and 0 1 1 w U .: . .. ......... Wii tTU ?
I Children's Garments, similar to ladies' and men's make; re- 9 1 /LQ \
m , duced from $6. $4 and $3 to $2.49; $1.98 and... >V ../..,. S**^*^^ • V:
g Men's tailor-made RAIN COATS, raglin style, silk 'Iminsr.* rfp QG I
E worth $25 and $35: our price while they last, $14 and. ¦* *~V ; :
I Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention.; : jj
lASSACflUSETTS^PBER $$&
a - 7 1 f\ \l » nlr e*t S+tff*f*-t ' '- « :
I OW. CA" Bl/ftpiffCi J
' : : ¦ . — - ¦ ¦
Il^ftp^^eE^i^^css 1 - To-Day — You
. Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSliRE^ LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
i ':.' r \ I Ho* «cjr- man mjij quickly cure. himseU alter I been extraordinary. It has completely braced
',; -'-jreans' ol' (ufferinr -from' -nexu&l weakness, lost me U P- 1 ao. just aa. vigorous as when a boy
: -vlia«ly. nlfht lowies. varloocele, etc. and en- en .? *<>" S ftnn S t «=«»«. h< »w happjr.i am." --,
i«-f^. «rt!Bii »«v ,„„. to full«!7e «n<! v'ror De * r Blr— Tour method worked beautifully.
...te.ee «rt)fcll»eak crsacs. to ,ull size and voior. R etults were exactly what I needed. Strength
.- -.ttarly eend your name. and addrew to I>r. L. an d vl^or have completely returned ¦ and en-
'¦'%'. Knar>F. 13T3 Uull building, Detroit, Mich., larsement is entirely satisfactory." '¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .
•nd he wUl «ladly *e£d the free i^ceipt with "Dear Sir— Tours was received and I had no
•.. ifull.dlrectlcr.a ao ttat eny man may easily cure trouble in malting use of the receipt as directed
;.'• '¦.¦.blmcclf: af borne. Thl« U certainly a most and can truthfully say it :» a'boon to weak
?-•.. generous offer and tbe following extracts taken men. I. ara greatly improved in elze, strength
j'.\ -..trom his daily mail show what men think of and vigor."
. : fcl« KenerosUy. • ¦ Alt correspondent* , is strictly, confidential,
¦ *"l>«mr Sir— Pleas* accept .tsy cincere thanks mailed in plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
.¦-¦for your* of recent date. I have given your it free for the asking ard be wante ev«rr man
* ' treatment a thorough test and tbe benefit has to have It. 1 -
ADVEETISEMENTS. .CONSmffPTION' CXTRED.
An old physician, retired from practice, had
Tlaced in his hands by an Bait India. miMion
¦•ry the formula of & eimple vegetable remedy
1.T the epe«dy and permanent cure of Consump
tion, Bronchitis. Cstarrh, Asthma, and all
*"> "oftt and Lunfr Affections; also a positive and
radical cure for Xtrvovs Debility and all Z\er
rmie Complaints. Havintf tested lt» wonderful
curative powers In thou«andti of c&pes, and de
bitting to relieve human tuffe-inr. I *erid
':• " of chargre to ell who wish It this recipe. In
Otratn, French or English, with full directions
f«r prcpsrlnr and using. Sent by mail by ad
trr*tlr.g, with etamp.t narainr tbli paper. TV.
A. No-rec, £17 Power*' Block, Rochester, N. Y.
The rains have started many stamps.
The snow is accumulating in the moun
tains to keep them going. The storm of
m. fortcigrht ago gave Bodie three inches of
Enow. In some places on the main street
cf that town the banks were six to seven
feet high. The Bodie Miner-Index says
that the storm was the heaviest of any in
eeveral years. The "weather sharps" in
the mountain towns are predicting a se
vere winter in the high altitudes. Accord
ing to the Calaveras County papers the
rains have insured a. fine season and war
rant a hope that the gold output of the
county will exceed that of any previous
recent year. The stamps, the giants, the
sluice box. the pan and the rocker are in
motion, and the -rolden harvest will soon,
bo-rm to be In evidence.
lhe Calaveras Miners' Association has
re-elected W. C. Ralston as president, Da
vid McClure Jr. vice president, A. I. Me- !
Sorley secretary and C. M. Whitlock I
treasurer. The secretary was authorized '
to have a number of postal cards printed j
soliciting the miners throughout the coun- j
ty to join the association; also to have a
circular printed, to be posted in the va
rious postoffices in the county, urging
upon the miners of the county the neces
sity of maintaining the county organiza
tion and of joining the same.
The Southwest Miners' Association has
determintd to make an exhibition in the
Kasi during the coming year of .the differ- j
cnt products of the mines and oil wells of 1
Southern California.
The fecott Valley Advance reports the
following: ' . • : • -
- McPherson, Ford 1& Luddy- l(ave a lease on
the Ligh^inan placer claim, near. Cecriville-
They-have the ditches cleaned out and work
with a No. '2 g:3n*. .has commenced. A new
placer claim is L-eir.g oj»oned up by Mr. Giles
on tne touthfork of the Salrnon. neai Cecil
-i*ille. Behnke-Ac "Welker have just linished the
erection of a r.evr arastra on the Snow Flake"
ledge, .pear, the Gbjd Ball mine, oa Eddys
Oulch.-. About fifty rrien' are now on the pay- |
roll at the- Gol^' Call mine on Eddys :Gulch, |
u-nieh te'jtie- largest crew that has ever worked
there./. ,-':. :.-.'¦ :.'* : ... . : •
"The Calavcras Citizen tells of a novel
?¦bta.cii comblri^' as follows: . . - - .
' : J'X VitU t»oy. at. Mbtelumne .Hill Tamed .Ches
- ter'; Lampsiiri pK ; ked up a piece of. gold in the
¦.iFirM-t one »lay this «¦*-*"* near the Washrngton
•Ilo:>'l -which. was vaiut-vi at DO eents. : On Cen
¦ lef .ttTt^-'.i,- in \Mokelu~-riEe Hill, .Carl Bach of
"•'-itfe .Siirii-Gga- Hold found a ntfrget in front
- Hi • AVist's >tore on- Saturday last ihat -weighed
¦ ' I2.5*>. .\'TbV iit?Le -boys have been industriously.
:.' sriisagca cSsring the-: lulls in - the storm of the]
~.ja~; v. e«jk. in. .g«da-;.- together, email particles j
¦" .of-^otii .th-jit are tound In the street .passing the
: •¦ cjfice. ¦ 'Eyerywhere beacli conabing has
:'• iun:'E v cit~s"on.-. -E'onie- finding' mall amounts,
¦ riiitiis Jiafiinfe -^ibthiBg. ". ' - : •" - ¦¦ : .. .. . ;' •
¦ V; : -• Oaiiiics. "Vi'-«jdteman-, 'owner of the Angels
¦ :iii}-~3e- CSl-avef 4s County, is making prepi-.
VarMfoi« ilor. extensive working vt this
. (as&pcnii'rA Ur^e amount 61 lumber and
.•timber. is : . riow stored in the yards of the
.' XKihe-ior ih/6 ~ v. v inter*s - work.. Mr. -Cole-
to. exploit- thelower workings
" .ttii-jro-ugliTy: Jh torraer- times the Angel*
•.:~.~"ftrjcs ••£ : .6t'<Jd producer with poor facilities
''¦¦¦to-t. ¦ftorkXns;'. ~ ' •• ~ : •" -•'•¦ • ¦ '
¦ -tlse 1 -Ptep: .Giilch ; -mine. In Calaveras
-' Ooantj',- Which has been- bonded. xo : Harry
-.; Hci;d€-ii.'-':andt'Ii Curran Clark, the last
¦•rja'inecl being connected. with- John Taylor
:*^Co,; : * : ill. be operated at once. The terms ;
-' t>f : ihe fcond pro\1(J6. that in case of milling* i
¦--¦¦t-f5i?-QP*rat6rs are xo pfcy to -the owners 20 I
" ; p2r -'-teiit .-'"'•if- - the e*"oss output, which j
jifBicttirit .-ehall .-appiv. on and ' become pay- |
r t?.gm pjn account of the purchase price. If
:..ir4^mt-btjj-ate nbt made at the times spe
'..-ci?jta .according -to agreiement' the' mine,
-, -Wi^errier with trie improvements and per
'."fifinai-.fropertyth^t may have been plac«""l I
•¦..ti|>'bjiJt", 'exesiiting- tools, will revert to the
: v .o.-B.ner£. •. This mine has two contact veins
-an t&M sfnd-west -and a.rtorth and south.
'•• viTiie^Ciiiaveras'ProEptct has the follow
¦f,irigy:-;..- -..- :.-. .:. ._•¦ . .• -... . ¦.
"'¦ vT"he\6tockh<5iaef8 of • trre 'Greek mine held a
'..•irreeting in £an Andreas "Monday and.trans
; ;Vac jei -corisi'derabje business. . The old lndcbt
.;.-Jedness':«f. tie" eo'mpany v.as settled on a basis
• ." of""*o ceiit* . on. tb<e . dollar and the ir.ortgaga
- oajic^l€-d; Xhe creditors -were represented by
" "X .-!?. Snrdt-r as the Fuc~es?or to John J. Sny
.'.'•tfe't.'.to': wfaofti the original claims had been as
¦ • Fig-apd. 1 - and -in • whb8e favor the mortgage was
' ¦ .^-tecuted. A new r.orrpatie tn favor of John
'.- iC pee.* afc.' "riven to secure the. money advancrd
••: -i<r satisfy, the creditor* 1 . Now that the .legal
'; taTigles : have betn. eiraighteneil out the corn
' :j)any expects :eooh to- resume active operations
• : pri. tte mice";
.Seymour & Staver have sold the Van
'. dal:'$ - mice, between Shingle Springs and
Ivasb^ille. El Dorado County, to John Ro-
T5er;fpl<i'6 Sons of San.Franciscd. The new
ownt-rs art in poEce?sion of the property
•fttd yf-iVk- proceed to develop it. The for
•¦irier proprietors have been operating the
inJrie- by fhe cyanide process, but have
¦ tsdergone dilliculiies on account of lack
Of carjital.
. W. A. Graves of San Francisco has pur
"chased the Eudora mine at "West Foint,
Calav.eras' County..
The Nevada City- Transcript says:
Snectakcr. and Shear, the experts repre
senting the Clark syndicate that has be
come..so largely interested in the copper
' .mines of -this .district, have been enRag'sd.
.'cir.ee their arrival here last week in sur
veying the boundaries of the claims al
residv. acquired and in addition have bond
<ed about 3. dozen more. The new acquisi
tions are the Famous and Bully Boy,
ov.Ttjd by John Weber; the Aug-ust. owned
by P. C. Weber and Thomas Itockhill; the
Boss of Nevada, owned by Mr. Mag
• nuson and' Thomas • Rockhill, and
the • Turkey, Spion Kop . and Last
Jiope, owned by Thomas Rockhill. We
understand that the bonds are to run for
©ne year and involve the performance of
considerable development work, while the
ultimate price to~.be paid aggregates
nearly J20.0CK). In addition to these proper
tics five cr six claims belonging to R. A.
Rlepe l~ave .been tied up. AltagetheT this
syndicate now holds nearly forty claims
Jn this district. -the greater portion of
them adjoining and making, one Immense
'croup, on which' development work Is be
ing: pitched in several places. About
twenty-five men are now employed, and
this force will without doubt be increased
E.s room is made for them.
Editorially the Morning- Searchlight,
¦published at Redding. Shasta County,
tays that there is a bright prospect that
French Gulch will regain much of i.ts old
time prestige as the richest gold mining I
camp in Northern California. The most j
encouraging reports are brought back by
mining- men of the possibilities of deep
mining in that district.
The Treka Journal leports that the re
cent Ftorms covered the mountains with
considerable snow, where it will pnn r o
hijrhly beneficial as a fountain of watsr
eupplv for- both miners and farmers in
filling* ditches and smidl streams. This
gnow insures the certainty of keeping
eeveral mines Jn operation all winter ani
until late next summer.
Crtpple~ Creek, Colo., has be-en expeil
enclng a sensation over the Independence
mine for which the Ventura Corporation
of London paid W.«S. Stratton $10,000,000.
It is charged that a big slump In tho
stock after the deal had grrae through
followed a discovery that the mine had
been -rutted to force dividends. Ameri
can Mining News says that the company
waa capitalised for l,100.n00 shares of a
par value cf 55 each. Most of the stock
was put on the market for $12 50 a share,
and while 40 per cent dividends were be
ing paid the price ran up to $75 per share.
Rumors that insiders were unloading at
top figures and hints that mining condi
tions were unfavorable caused a panic
among: stockholders and ihe shares
.dropped to $25 in one day.
Several Copper Claims Bonded in
Kevada County — Queer Story
About Somewhat. Famous
Colorado Mine.
Different Sections Foresee
Promise of Wealth to Be
Harvested.
SNOW ON HILLS
IS MAKING THE
MINERS HOPEFUL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALiL,, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900.
17
THE EMPOBXUM. • THE ¦¦ EMPOBITJM. ; | THE EMPORnraL |y 1; THE i 1 ? 1^^ J_ _ THE .WSOBJUTiL '¦'_¦.
Send your folks your piiotqgraph. \ • . Cjigk tm* f*\*9b T !¦¥ " w*s\ Buy your sweetheart a Glove Order.
Smnkfnrf * We any one of. the fcJULlAW* VlUVlJ A»J A * V* %/• D-^iU A hindiom* line of .
¦•' jgSft. "I, 1^* largest and most complete a$- f.- .';•'-. wmm mW __ , - „ -••.« •• m -. -ir* •» *i^ DUWi'. Bath Robes, purduscd e»- . /^l
i^ iK^ 1 sr^f£ J SS Bcamning To-Morrow, Monday, He WiU Hold Dzuly ftccep- Robes.S^^krtS &
$^~J Mzdc by the best makers in all fabrics used ?• M _ Q i_ 1^ _ *) f Q _^_ than 1 00 different stj-Ics, .
t /5&k{& for the purpose. IIOI13— 7 IO \L d. HI., L IO 0 p. HI. , now ready. They come in Terrji cloth, t&W&pKl
/ l^kli At: $5.00. ofja"c kt WauSS . Every child accompanied; by- parent or guardian who visits -jolly Old Kris 3 -"" -
I jfe^\ll& »"»«»a-i edges, pockets and sleeves aik- Kringle will be presented, with a box of good, wholesome candy. : : __ , _ — 7T7 : - : Y^S^^
/ jP*W0 Hands ° me We call your attention to the fact that you can makeyour Christmas purchases - Mcns Furnishings. I Uffl§& '
r\/| Af %1 SO a v^ large assort- now, and out of full stocks and at ydiarjeisure, avoiding the crowding and Jostling of JSJSKjttS
v^Wf | . i£J!^^£'<£*£* lhe st % e -p an^ we will arrange to deliver your purchases on whatever day in De- \W
L~jr i? 'J the reversed side, pockets and cuffs bound CClllUCi I liai yOU UeSlre TO IldVC Incllj. ""vi-v $100 $150 • -^^ : **> f •
J with satin or with cloth and silk cord, heavy This is the safest, the roomiest, ; the best and greatest Holiday store in California. Hardly a thing that you could Me ' n *-j FancvHoiiery ...... 3 pain 25c^ . V^^tX^Wr
1 / sdlk cord loop. w ish for but it is found in some one of our sixty departments, and 1 700 people at your service. The Emporium has pres- Men's Hosiery, plain black or taa teuo-' .:':,.
Jf ' £& S10.00. • Spe j cial P t ne ™ cnts f °r^ the «ch as well as the poor. 1 '¦¦You can buy here diamonds and watches for a great deal less than you would ex- to -VfiY kh : rt*\rf 3 P« lr »,.25c ¦ ; X^^-yi^ -
faced clcths and velvets, aU handsomely trimmed with Tatin'anrsUkTord; P ect to have t0 P^— you can buy penny toys and evcrythingbctween the two extremes. . v^
and heaw silk cord loops. ¦¦'. ¦¦¦¦¦' ' :¦ '¦ ' ' : '''¦' / - ' .' ' . . ' '¦'':'• : • ' Boys' Dre« CIovw, taa liudes, fine' kid **.*,",*.*.*.^ .'.".*.'.'.'.* .'.'.'$1.00
¦ < . ' B ysr Sweaters, ages » to x 6, blue and gmniet... ..-..'.... $L*obV $U0 '' ;
one-quarter oir^»^ f^t s ° lth r c '" ! r 6o r; - firpatest of Holidav Neckwear Sales !?^!a^^^^^Iite^
pi: ?lr:-t: n - dunng thc past few weeks, we have a large lot ,. \Jl VtllViJV UI llUIlVlvlY ll VWIV TT Vtll kJULlViJ* -r-r —
UUII of Remnants on hand. Nearly all of these ->'.„. -...- CV : :i>>X---' : : ,* 1- , m ' , : «- - -vt „ , r j- » • 1 #«. " : i» , .. *' ''. '•'.' c ' v ' : '
Golf CIoaKma Remnants are of a superior Quality of Austra- J^^$ E |lfeiv „----=¦---» Monday and Tuesday we offer a New York manufacturer and importer s enure sample CljforS Fmd out hit favonte brand, then come ta tha bJyitor-i
a * lian wool. Lengths suitable for smoking ,^P^^^^^, line of Ladies' Kigh-dass Neckwear, this season's choicest novelties, /mly one piece of a ± -q to buy his box of Holiday Cgars at ipecial cut price*,
jacket, -kirts and suits— to be sold to-morrow only at one-uuartcr '^^^£^MW^^^ kind but more than IOOO stvles comDrhinp- V-V.K ' tin, AH popular bnndi 12 > 3 c Citjars, such aj _^
o. t al.-caj ;r cd,, ; cj prices. " » ' sS^Zu*' * *' Vdvc, fiilt Hovdtics %&£.?£ tTf *!*".*?*• "" "^ $9.00
T-7 it -i ~< n ¦ < Wk Mk^£§$ff¥<!S? Black ChenUlc Collarettes Batiste and Lace Dcvere Collars , Boxes containing 2c cisars.
The Hotday (M'snnoer, our Christmas ftMWM^W Uce Scarb and fiarbcs EmhroWcrcd Tvm-ovcr Collars c per box<< s 5 .^ 0 La Rosa de
bzoklet, tells what iobuv. MmSm'^m Jabots and StocKs SUk and Lace Fichus Le«i Standard gi.gs $3.85
i ¦ ¦: W7/P- ' tfzMri - LaCC OOlerOS OHa JSCKCtS ' Commonwealth o2.00 Navoxro ••••••S2 S3
TraVrimtf Ratfs M-iICo W&>Wj} > This is without doubt the choicest "lot of : Neckwear ever offered at special ?.T. T .^.^ h^:?.^.%z.^ c ISSoa~"!..f*..SlTai.e3
Excellent Christmas Girt^ 11 sale in this 'ciiv. Exactly half price OAondav and Tues.iav. ' EiRoradc.s-.^5-^.50
D-'iAii 1 rTuR tn , 7 ,- * , W Vii 2Sc NccKwcar.... 12^c $1 SO NccKwcar .. . !75e $3.00 Neckwear. . .$L50 $7.50 Neckwear. ..$3.75 Boxes containing 50 cigars, gi.oo to J5.00.
*;-?.rSTo=^^^ W W 50? NccKwcar 25c - $2.00 Neckwear ... $L00 $5.00 NecKwear. ..$230 $10.00 NecKwear .. $5.00 Meerschaum Pipes, fo,t quality, —
™ V $L00HecKweap.....50c $2iO Neckwear .;, $U5 $6.00 Neckwear. ..$3.00 $12.00 NccKwcar .. $6.00 g^^fr%&L
lo.ks and bo.tf, e:ther olive or russet color, zo in., $4.50; 22 in., * S3 75 to S7 SO QW»*^^5i3«£l&SS&
h $ h1 0: 7 4%- i6 " V V • ¦ • • : ' ¦ W-°° : ~ — ~ -— : «^* ¦ B*--' P«?" • « S-2™
Mand-5'.ued J"S5 Suit t^ses— Soud leather, with leather lining, beet • • r\ A'" + fvn iT**l " d£2n casc $1 25 to $5 00 XSt^^^a^^-^Sg^
locks and bolts $5.50 t 0 $15.00 f 1 ,7*17$ (\1*T\ls\ C MV*mP5H ' Ta17 ' ' \liAtt Beautiful' Briar " Pipe, ornamented
Manchester B*gs— In either-grain VtllllUl lllU r3 VEI CUlViJl * Uj vJlIU|J» . &£& with filigree sUver work, rarknu shapes and uzes. « 00
¦^p^^^. 'V£ 30,000 cqiiare feet of space given over for the show j* a 5ar Holder,, an a^r........... WWl^^^o
I^^^^^^^S tifuUy fitted $^o h 0 o ollc t3Too anc^ saJe of T°V S > f o say. nothing of the storeroom upstairs >^^^^^^^yr\ ~ ;.. : --,-v — , ¦ ¦ ,-.,
P'SS§fep8f&| Udhl : bVeis Suit oTe-Solid lath and the workshops 'in the basement; 500 employes for the Toy Department fjgfn WjT^ M^x*t^C+ We W purchased for th« hoUday tnda « spteM
cr ' fin=-y fi«cd, quUtcd satin lining, alone. To see the great toy display is a treat that the little ones ought not to \_ / , L '' -mi-^II'lHIUili'lj^ l> tfZtC? AlCWCol line of Gam« that in former years we had to idl for
' ! --<*ffy%V^ggi 3 - cx wHd ebony fittings, comb, mirror, miss— a treat that comes but once a year. .Don't let the opportunity to enjoy it • Wj^7l%rW? fjimPC "^ £™ b ?***", t" **** Jear *
broshc$ ' b0ttkj ' ctc ; •-• $2150 sli P ™y from iS Thcsc m S ° mC ° f thc Fices, and each one of them silently proclaims, M. i^S^Sl^^M^^
..... : *** * "Money saved": ./•¦_-•.- . :.S-\j 1..\ ju,^ Christmas Dinner, Steeplechase, Pat and Hi. Pig«, Errand OC/^
Trumpets — With porcelain mouth piece Food on Plate — A novelty that will please any Trolley Cars— Boy and fifty other*,. ..;.,. ............;.?..... i...^M3C ;
FillC FUT Are J° u E °^ ng t0 nu - ce y° ur *••* or <- au g--ter a '. Ic to $1-00 little 'housekeeper, per box, assorted " Hill Climbing Lo- ;i?., ; These ar« bitf value for— ; : ;•:.:¦
fiirmontc Christmas gift of Furs? If it is to be a sealskin jacket, Trombones, 10c to $1.75; Cornets, 10c to $1.50 ,•?.••;»•••• • 25c to $1.50 comotive TroUey Can, never get out of Fun at circus, Mansion of Happineta, Menagtrle, Motor Car- PA-. '
UOliUCUUy. why not let us save you $25.00 or $50.00, or a proper- %/:-•-_, with bow an4 resin Musi:al Tin Tops 10c to $1.00 order, as there is no spring, each. .... .$1.00 n - agc Troublesome Donkey, Nellie Ely and forty othen DUC
conate amount on any other for garment that you may desire. Violins— W.ta bow anlrwia......... ........ Wagons _ N Noah's Arks ....5cto$7^0 -** >r9 hitf V3t j n , tnr ' ' A, 'T —
CnllnrenPt ......25c, 50c, $1.00, $J.5O ..iron, 95c to $4-00, wood, 35c to $12.50 Farm Yards 10c to $4-00 v lh . tSt %t5? <? * 7~<m : r ' ; t u v V -i
.', . , ¦ , .- , wUarcttes. Banjos or MandoUns.. ...25c and 50c Police pifr-ol WtJ?ni....|5.00. 17.00. $10 JO Tin Ranges-^Wi h \S , !0c to$5.00 8^^ /?^? <^-^''7^
: SSS2£S^Siii'" ¦ $ Hn R«bberDol'sand Anmals... .....10cto$1.50 Hook and Udde?, ......85c. $2 50 to $12.50 Iron Ran*..... 10c to $ 7 .50 ¥^S^^^SSS^^SS^^^V^
SldeSa^dSaMeH^ IA SS Magic Lantern,- Hose Cart-With hose $15.00 Tin KltcKen-With utensil. 10c to $1.00 BIock5_A B C, 5c to $1.00, Architectural, 10c to WJO, Stone
BaSc IS a^d Sab e hZ widi' ia'bs 51? M With views Buckboard., $1.75,$3.50, $5.00,$6.00, $8.00 Agate Kitchenware-Per box 25c to $1.00 JWtog Blocks ;.,.... Sg*. . . . ; ....;..; , . r . ...25c to W^O
.Baltic Sed and SaUe Han with tabs 4-45 W\ 50c to $35 00 Handy Pedal Wagon....; Doll Bath Tubs 10c to $1.50 Professional Fortune .Telling Games ...... ........... 15c to $1.00
* \\~ - Jg d A Mo^PuJlun .-I. .... .$3-75. $5.00 , rubber tire., $6.25 Lead Soldiers-Infantry/ 'cavalry, ardller; and
I75 TA it mcasn?h) Vetodpede-punt™. $i.75to$3.50 camps 5 c to $8 00 Imported. French and German Family Games Vfor,
metric -xai ana uea«r, uita j.s 15.00 cf ch ; na 10c, 25c, 50c up ro $11.00 $10.00 to $13.00 All of the Old . Times Stories, tuch as "The ¦ Satin Quilted Ju'iets— Red and black; with
Capes. ninnff-ndTf-^-r'n^v/f " Mechanical Toys— Bucking Donkeyi, 50c» En- Three Little Kitteni," "The Five Little • black for trimminp, white 4*4 Ig
Baltic Seal with River Mink collar— uinnw«iui«3« in pretty casKe t ••-"••-• gines, Chimes, Butterflies, etc 25c Pig»," "The House' That Tack* Built," ': ! fleeced lined. ............. tpl.flD
M* $7-45 l6 -"> 18-in....... $9.95 Rri^iVl*i*T>v2i o^' Vnn Dog», Cats, Chickens, Ducks, Jockeys, Bicycle etc., etc .....5c; fOc, 15c, 25c # JdS&Z^L Kid JuHets— Tan or Mack, with felt lack.
Baltic Seal with Astrachan yoke— Britannia Te. Set 25c, 50c, $1.00 Kiden, etc ,50c Illustrated Book, for Boy» 25c to $1.00 and fnr trimmed, turned wlo, tf -f in
14-in...?.. $i°-95 16-in 5 XI -95 J 8-in $12.95 Magnetic Toys— With strong magnet........... Musical Negro, Bicycle Tandem Rider, Mon- Illuitrated Book* for Glrh... ...... 'i 50c >> *^ r -^L- J »' high c«r low cut. tbl»*X^
,6-in., $ « 00 " :"*.* *?» UdieV 'j^^^^J^}^ $1 65
Pi M V I M * — r: 1 ' — : : Encd » hand-turned soles, very soft aad pliable. ..........
Fox Hare, browns blue W . W ~..! CSl0VClUeS * $ 2 7 5 ValUCS m - Unusual values in Bedding, afl reliable in quality, and The Holiday A larger and grander anortment than erer $1.00
Gray Fox, fiJl skin * * 7Q5 *rti«J^- a "Imostjinlimited in variety and "quantity. "• H*-.«flL'/>iv.l»J#-.f-p befo«» *nd pneej positively lower than the same "*": -^««w
Red Fox, fuUskin J !"..".*.*.*.".".'.".*." 8*45 J » eaain £' Fine White Blankets— 60 pairs only best California white ""UriKerCillCIV .qualities have ever been offered for by the big store. M sses f Red Felt Juliet*— Sixe* 1 a to » .... . .i .$1.23
Brown Fox, fall skin .".!.!!. 945 wool Blankets, 70 inches wide, an |8. 25 value, priced by us per pair Irish all-linen hemstiuhed Handkerchiefs, ChUdren's Red Felt Juliets— Size* S to 1 x ............;.. .98c
River Mink, Horse Shoe and 8 tails • ' " |.85 .vV. ..... .$6-95 yf\ with hand-embroidered initials— Mih's Slippers—Fancy embroidered, hrowa imiution alligator, QO^
Canadian Marten, Horse Shoe and 8 tails .-.* 2-95 Good Comforters — Tufted silkoline Comforters, very Mfirally filled with S^f A\ Half dozen boxes qoc each |5c and high-front felt sh'pperSi. ......................... yOV-*
Brown Marten, Horse Shoe and 8 tails 4.45 ' »heet cotton, a fa. 00 value, priced by us at. .I.'.. $1.50 S^ . |W H a If Ho^n tv« M «w L ~X '•>< Men's high-front tan Goat SEppen ....... ...$1.25, $W0. $1.75
Choice Russian Mink, Horse Shoe and 8 tails -4.45 Sheets and Cases— B'eached Bed Sheets and Pillow Cases, neatly made ' ' &£/ ;*ty\X< ' * 5 ' ••"" Men's High-Cut Romoes— Taa or black, with elastic tidej tfi »7A
Alaska Mink, Horse Shoe and 8 tails.. . . 12 50 ini rfad y ** or use » ?« -ea than the present cost' of material : / 7/ \s\" Extra sheer, thistle lawn hemstitched Hand- aad tumsola . ' ; ... 31. I U
Chfldren'5 SetS-MuH, Collar.'"" " Sheets. 9OXOO in . } 60c ?I 55cj ?i jji, 54x90, 37^C«ch "%J « fcnSxei 1^'^^ 6 ' 1 "*"* Sf Men's extra-fine Slipper...... ;;....... ...... .$M»
,,,... „ da* ,„,. . . leases; .45x36 inches, lOc; 50x36, \2l4c-, 15c each j&%} y/, Jr dozen boxes, $1. 50, eacn .2*>c . f rr . ...... . ¦
lute Hare, 75 c; Brown Angora, Ji-joj Wfa» Angora, $1.75 to Down Comforter,- Silk covcr'ed, interlined beiutifuily \utei t rich SS«ii^M\ " - Sheer lawn lace trimmed Handkerchiefs, large > V ¦ " — -— : — . . ? SSl^g
I4.CO, French Ermine, gi.oo and | 3 .oo. coloring each ; .$17.50 W /»\ ° mtnnt of styles lOc'Bjfc, Be- „ .. , ' . " V ¦ " :^&£\0M&i£
Down Comforters— Sateen covered, well made and select in designs, \f/^i §¦ Linen center lace trimmed Handkerchief!, nOlICiay .. - - _^^^*\ :
Holiday Crockery, Lamps, Etc »™»^^^'^;™^'^^;^^™- \*rjK F with rTTr\TfV 0^ u S? br ? n^ .^^^Pnl)^
¦-' •' ' *-«**j.AA-^ fc j'j IjIVi ered..... 52 25 to $10 00 \ a r u n - lan< -- cai! - roli:!cri ' ( - Men s and u W f^m\y\imtimJuL. -~^ "JTl
Havil2nd China Dinner Set— The genuine, in three different styles of Woolen Bu«gy Robes— CorVect ''colorings in fine Surface, best woolen Handkerchiefs, fine needlework, each ... Women's : Um- ¦ " . . '. "J^H-j- Igtf*'^' "*"*&.
decorations, dainty designs, pretty colorings, com- _, " plaids, each '' " -*** $4 50 .'.50c, 75c, $J 00 brellas, with nov- ¦ i£~^~H3^ " *'•'" ' * : "
plete for 12 persons, a big value; the set for /*^X Couch Covers— 'Fancy' Ta'cVuard * colorings' 'suitable' 'also 'for ' smokin<- Real Duchesse Lace Handkerchiefs -or hand-made Honiton lace braid city handles; a .. ."
$25.00 /-j&A jackets, etc., each.... $J 25 «y lc . ** rom ....$1.50 to $10.00 s p 1 e ndid assort- .., . ' . ¦ ;>:.
. Banquet Lamp— Very handsome, 29 inches till, ( £*&& ) Golf Traveling Rugs-- Imported' and' home' made in "b«t wool rich Mcns lnifi ' 5 ' Han^erchiefs -Extra quality Japanot, that looks like silk-, ment of high-grade goods, usefcl and. always acceptable holiday giib; nl-
center dratt burner, polished brass fe:t and lift out VZ?|| V W plaids, plain and reversible colorings ~ ' .$5.00 to $20 00 with two^inch silk initial; box of 6, 50c, eacb> :....;.... ......10c vef trimrned handles; from. ..$1.50 to $10.0 0
oil pot, tinted blue or pink pillar, bowl and globe, N-^-jr ! " • * Men"s Cambric Handkerchiefs — A beautiful initial; box of 6, 75c, each. 15c Ivory handles, from..... ,J.«.. . .... ...'..... ....'.. .$2.00 to $13.00
with flower decoration. .. J $6.00 Jrz!>^ Holld&V Wc opc™^ ° n the premises one of the largeit candy Men's Cambric Handkerchiefs— Best quality, with initial; box of 6, : w^' : :" '''':..'¦ ' : ¦ "" . "
Salad Set or for berries— Oriental decorated China, J-ffiSc-^ r-jjji factories in town and guarante: thit our 35c per lb., 3 lbs. $1.00, each ~......20c . . ... /
large bowl and six small dishes, flower and gold E <£)£3&) WttllUlCa. for Ji.oo Fancy French Mixed Candy equals in quality Men's Irish Linen Handkerchiefs— With embroidered initial — each.. 25c rVifna-re and : Tlle Iar 8 e Oriental Bazaar on th« main ftoor,
decorations; set of 7 pieces $3.50 an - v that you have be< " n r a ) in g 5°^ per lb. for. A ftw pounds would be M:n f s White Si k Handkerchiefs— Made in Japan, hemst!t;he.i borders wllilHcaw tinv* bjck of g^j^ p,.^^^ ; $ one of holJ .
Toilet Table Set— A 6-piece opal hand-piinted set 1^^ an accepuble present for jour friends in the , country— shipped in tin with beautifully embroidered initials ...25c, 59c, 75c JapailCSC '. day lights of the Emporium. There are thousand!
for the toilet table; very pretty $3.50 ]|f| boxes without extra charge. Men's Irish Linen Handkerchief— With initial, nothing finer, each.50c ga^-jjjp • of articles suitable for holiday gifts. In this de-
Bohemian G'ass Lemonade Stt — Fancy shape, ' l"§\ '___ - i ¦-. • ' ¦ \ '<¦'// - *• •• partment particularly. you can find presents that will
ruby and gold or green and gold, large pitcher, 6 l^uK —— — __ _ _ . ;_. _ — ; _ interest an i please your Eastern friends. •'• ¦:•:¦•.. ¦¦¦¦^ ¦"¦•'¦''¦
/M\ Sterling "sL^JTSSTt Leather Goods. : 1 Military '¦¦* ,** *¦ V ¦»¦ «f SSST ¦ftZS?" 3 . SsLis8gi>'x
j,^,. ?! . i .« 7 ;«, sr , ; f^m Silver. S£!r«TX sa ud^cmw^onc^ c« e . nd f^.t Brushel &?ZZyZ£ S^SH »$SSSS&£i d^^:\-ZS$iSSl%S2? m <*
flower decoration, green and gold border, the '^^^^^» O Chain Purses - Book. / ¦ . thes: pric«. Silk Gowns Pretty Fans Silk Jackets, etc.
«<R^I C^^" a 'AK^^^V»^rV^lV.,'.f'iI^ '^^' : y^. ..... .$2.50 to $20.00 Genuine Seal, with sterling corners .... $1.00 -WMIUJFa-nw Concave Veneered An immense collection of Oriental novelties aad fancy goods ra mod-
Zt^ T Z-t t,SJ7.Hon? bu£t nnS .,_. / \ Girdle S ....$ 4 .00 to $10.00 Genuine Alligator, with sterling corners Jl.00 tfmM®Sffi£k wood back, good era and anticrue designs. These specials for Monday only-
me apo-.e mm., -1 incnes ran, on.) $0.75 f^j@£^ X Hair Brush and Comb in Genuine Seal, calf lined, fancy facing. .. .$1.00 f^^^^^^^^ blisde > tock , Terra Cotta Jardinieres— AU sizes, in-a hundred ... .
~ "tin-lined box $1.85 Genuine Morocco, pretty shades, sterling ccr- W^^^^wr^T-""' 1 P 3 ' r $1-25 !^?»N^-v or "•<-« ' beaatifiil {f^\\ll\n\\U\nT>^
DrCSS G00dS A large variety of styles, including all the very \§ffism Hair Brushes ners ..:..... $1.00 '* ' Satin wood back, 'fe«l£l- 3: *Pj designs,' on ¦ Mon-
C,,;* n^4# AMM c striped and figured camel's hsir effects; put MwJi^xpa $2.50 to $6.00 ., . _ r . fine quality bristle stock, large sire, pair. $1.75 JFo>S*_S|jr-i£ day only, 20 : p«r "
3UII yallCrnS. u? in neat boxes for ithe HoUday trad:; complete *^WW*$S^. Cloth Brush « . Sa S "' Genuine ebony back, fine quality, bristle stock, cent off regular ffggg^jgWg^.
. suit patterns, |5.cfo, $7.50, $10.00, up to $25.00 PJj^c^<c?j4 $2.75 to $5.00 Gram Calf, tterling shield, telescopic $1.00 pa j r $3.25 xl?|sL ¦ price*. KS^S?* iiii «5r--/
Sill and Woo! P-aMs— for children's dresses; bright, pretty patterns; also * tt25«fc&-H-5s«V Matcl1 Boxes Gra!n Leather - telescopic .50c n V ' " ' ' ,', ", ' ' ' 1 " ! in '''¦ 3^- Tine Egg Shell China Y^S§2>3i3W
the heavier .weight plaids for children's coats, per vard 75c to $2.00 giSOgc^lHMjfjW * 85c ta $5.00 Texas Steer Leather, covered frame $1.75 V-Mr sntes, Zj.jU IO $<3.OO. Cuw and Saucers, in pretty and elaborate blue VrV^^^^Ki--/
I • ' gpff^ftMy Manicure Sets ' Utter Cases. Sterling Shield* for above Brushes,^ and white designs, on -^ecial sale Monday only/ V-i^^!y '
"Dri/ilrC fnt»' An 5deal P^ 61 * 1 » onc whlcI » gives both Mirrors" " $5 00 1 .SIl'oO Grain Leather, foU sire, colored or black ... (J5c ¦ . fff ' 2 ? C ' { " '•••; C , . . !: ".'
JSUUli.3 lOr pleasure and profit. Nothing seems to fulfill Combs ; ' : SOtt POO Grain Leather, calf lined $100 Sterling silver, initials, each 25c L__ . .
FU~le*1~+ -» r, these rc q uiremenB lilcc a -»ok- Now is the N R ir ' „ .-" i:-"J Genuine Seal, all leather, well made. '. '. \ '.$1.50 Brush and Comb Sets— in boxes, ebonoid back LgllllliflllMMgMlUygl
CnriStmaS. »™ to K Holiday Books. We have in Nelhersole BraceleV " " '50cto$200 1 ** 6 Seal, calf Uned, very handsome. .$2.00 ; (looks hke ebony )-comb, brush and mtr- filacK SUHlh A T 7 w «^ H -irfde, midt of»- '
««k nearly if not quite 300,000 volumes. Bread Tray, beaded'pV^ern,' 'in "satin-lined case " ' °'**»' *tvl*S from $2.50 to S8.OO. — «*;'•.• V ' f " ', '' " f •" il" 'iZ" * ' jL-fL ! flw'-MllfllcTK: d^ T ,?*
The vanity is so latge and the stock so well arranged and handy tor the . . ' . $18 66 ' Cigarette Cases Porcelain back, aluminum frames— comb, brush IOr iYlUliierS. pose, \j£ yards «y*%g^*^-^ •
choes'nz that vou can save time and worry as well as money. c. ' ' "' a r''l ' ':' ' '.'•' v j' i. !,,,„ /-.•'»', ' and mirror .; $2.00 makes a muffler, prices
.'...' $5.00 Heavy Nickel, hinged cover 25c $6. CO. _^ m\\\""'' '
Books for Young People. — - — ;/.; - ; .
1 **^ — £0 S ]^s r d y a^rS /ttiE^ c H h ° I! T ay N r Ities ta the Art De^of7 5 R 4H°E
"Out With Ganbaldi" "Brahmin's Treasure" 1.25 98 have shown what the . «f?«g§L Cushion Tops-each 25c, 50c. 75c mentcd C ombs, Side Comb,, Back Combs IffffflMjMr
"Old Glory Series" by Edward Stratemeyer- ' ' high novelties for late faJ wear are to be, - WtfAmzSm Vraste Papa Box Sets-Complete...-. 1.... \ • nd loose r^ b vcrv u^ W/////ff/lM ¦
"Cimpaign of the Jun f 'e," "Fighting in Cuban Waters" and^we have examples here for your inspec- y^P^^WS«S. Trimmod Waste Paper Bates $2.25 wh ..50c to $12^6 '"ft/// ¦
. "Undtr Dewcy at Manila," "A Young Volunteer in Cuba" tlon - t^^^tBSm^ok Painted Plpe Ricks '" *^° ¦ ¦• W^^
' 'Under Otis in the Philippines." Fine Imported Hats. . .$15.00 to $45.00 W$£^BBfMr3m S""* 1 *? -^"o X " ' " ' ' •• .... •••i-*** : '¦
"St. Nicholas for 1899" (* lew left over from last year).. 4.00 2.98 w',"-i «', Tnmmel Pin .Cushions. .. 25c to $3.50 •
•'Heroes of Our Revolution," T. W. HaU ..1. 25 98 Model New York Hats ; . @Bg£g^8&£&ffl Satin-covered Pm Cush.ons— all colors 20c to 65c firnPPrfp^ TITlH Tf/1I7nT»C
"Almost a, Good « a Boy," Douglass i.aj 1.00 $18.00 t 3 $30.00 W1& **mW Mouchoir Cases-hand-painted «ch V«V^fJ UTOCeriCS LiiqVOrS.
"Adventure, of a Boy Reporter," ,Y.i S . : 1.00 Our own Trimmed Hats. . >..... W P""eTop-oxydi»ed t French Gray and gilt, each ... . . 35c to $W0 Pn/it^The highest grade, - packed b heavy. syrm>
"S2?tff£5S^%££v---v-v......".- .J.J9: J.W ¦ i >££:^^ 1-^.v Everything that is new.and stylish in leather- M rin velve V - -^3^ cans, Hunt's or our. fonous Victory'brand,
::^^^c^|li:g; |1 ' P $i|?if iS:;:: : ¦ii8t : :- : ; Beits. ; ;: gdd^^.^ : ; m:^c^^.^.^^,3—. 25c
Books for Grown FolKs. : ! pg^^|3L95 ¦ V JS^
"The Lane That Had No Turning," Parker. .......... 1.50 120 ' ' ." V ' . A • - ¦ : :• '-. : : ~ I .-¦ .¦- — ¦.¦•¦/.; ¦^¦. . ¦/-'•¦;':.¦:.• c 7 ' ''•'•'" ''" ,7 "
«TheRdgnofLaw,»AUen... l. S o 1.15 — T ~ ~ Com Me^-B«t yeUow or wh^e, iq Ihs ; 2!c
"Srin g TLnonth ? 'pike,"LioyV.::. ::::::::::::::: i.jo 1.20 - .. •> •- . ~ ., a. ..-...-.¦. se
S^tct-^,^^ J: 5 5 o° S Ladies' and W^K Pl^HMfei^I H lik J »***«** g =^^^^^^^"""-"-"--^
"On the Wing, of Occasions," Harris....: l/jo 1.20 Children'^ ¦ 'Ifl I^UMf I I ¦ ¦!¦ for XlTiaS tlJ^t^ll^t^"^ : Ill
"Th« Matter Christian,:- Marie Corelli 1. 50 1.15 « C f ,.f r<f»i.f 0 i. » K»S**"JH Jsfl^ K j M -r.^ Shaw s Malt \VWsKey— Per bottle 85c
"Tornmy and Grizel," s^uel to "Sentimental Tommy".. 1.50 1.20 MUUjJaPlCP ™*^ &kV*4& . Sffffi g Domestic Porter-As good e, any imported, Monday only, per dozen
Ask tor our Hotid2y Booh Bulletin, which gives the Underwear; /|j|JP A /A | Jf |^-^'tt il |*o fli -- IAit l 'Tl Finest "that can BiV^sCeji^^
titles and prices of hundreds' of books suitdb:e /or One-quarter off i* 1^ «¦¦• be made — dozen, ularly <i 00 per bottle Monday /DC
Christmas Gift*. regular prices. | CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST—AMERICA'S ! GRANDEST STORE $LS0tO$8.00. BUcRberry Brand^F«n« 1 uartbotdes/MondayV.l.\\l!^V/...^0
" ' ' ¦" ¦ ¦ ' ' * * j *¦'.-'¦•¦ " ¦• ¦-'¦-¦. ' ¦ . .¦--- ' " - . . . . ' "... / -¦.»'¦-.¦¦¦-.-¦¦' - sV|9il^wp39ii^9P9Wv^BVan . Braam— You . shouldn't al wars be,
gina remark with "Say" or "or'
Dlnwlddle—I don't
,J'No, I -always exclaim, 'O savf ••
Pittsburg Chronicle Telegraph. ~
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— G. w pn
and wife of San Francisco are " a t thl!
Shoreham; 'P. Anderson of Oakland and
John Bryantson of San Francisco ar«
at the Arlington; W. Dunham „? £!
Angeles Is at the Raleigh: Miss A
Campbell and Mrs. . Bradbury of •" Saii
Francisco are "at -the Richmond. • Senate?
Bard arrived here to-night. *-wr
CALIFORNIAITS IN WASHINGTON
PARIS has been amazed to find a sudden boom in her matrimonial market. The marriage
rate in that city is never high, and consequently when the municipal register recorded 60
marriages in the first week of October the sociologists ofthe city began to search out ex^
planations of the phenomenon. . '
From reports that come to us it appears to be the prevailing belief that the exposition is
the main cause of the increase. It is argued that the big show has.put a good deal of money into
circulation and.thus enabled a good many more people ,to set .up: housekeeping than would other
wise have been the .case. Furthermore the artistic exhibits of household decorations on every sort
of scale, from those designed for palaces to those for flats or workmen's cottages/have tempted
a good many comfort-rloving persons to get married just for the sake of havine a home to
decorate. : . -
" / . If these, views ofthe subject be confirmed by further investigation', and if the (increase in
the;, marriage; rate continues; for the remainder of the fall,; we may expect Boston .to start an ex
position next year. The matrimonial mafket^in that town 'has been low for along time and the
people are sufficiently. enterprising to take advantage, of the lesson taught by the experience of
Pans. ¦ '¦ •¦ "'",""'/"'¦". ; .; '.. , '•' v-----: ; -¦¦-¦¦.
EXPOSITIONS AND MARRIAGES.
Transportation at such rates constitutes one' of the marvels of the century. It explains the
rapid growth of the Middle West and reveals something of the handicap on the Pacific Coast, and
particularly on California, where the Southern Pacific" continues to levy all the traffic will -bear
Fortunately we have now prospects of, better things, arid we may hope to see at a not distant date
our transcontinental roads duplicating tosome extent the wonders achieved in the East.
EASTERN farmers have long been' complaining of the competition of the West/ and it ap
pears they have in many instances good reasons to sustain them. Railway transportation
between the States of the Middle West and the Atlantic seaboard 'has now brought the
farms of Minnesota and Iowa, and even the Dakotas, commercially nearer to New York City
than are the farms of the" adjoining counties.
At the recent annual dinner of the New York Chamber of Commerce President Cowen of
the Baltimore and Ohio Railway stated that it now costs less to bring wheat, the equivalent of a
barrel of flour, from a point 500 miles west of the Mississippi River to Minnesota, to have, it
ground there and converted into flour, and then to transport the barrel of flour thus made to the
city of New York, than it costs to bake the. flour and distribute it to the bread consumers of New
York after it has arrived in that city. '
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BEATRICE CEXCI-K. 3J.. City.. Bea
trice Cend was born in 1583 and' was exe
cuted in-.lSJS.-; .. - | ¦-:'..':¦
"./C-HnjCESE— Subscriber, Cal. The natr
liirallzaiion of Chinese in '. the tJnited
fsi&tes.-is expressly prohibited- by section
?4.. chapter 026. laws of XSS2.
MARRIAGE OF A MINOR— J. H. R,.
Treka. CaL : la the State, of California no
tsinor,: male or femide, can marry with
out, the consent of parent or guardian.
/MEpICAX, COLLEGE— M. R A.. City.
3Tor.- teformatlon about' a student in a
jnedicad college the letter of inquiry may
be addressed, to "the dean of the faculty"
.of .the; college. : - \- ¦ -
TO CIIAXGE FAITH— H:, Decoto, Cal.
A person desiring to change from another
faith tb the Catholic faith must make ap
plication to the priest of the parish in
which pe resides to receive instruction.
: DELINQUENT TAXES— Subscribf-.r.
City: . Formal notice was given of added
tax for personal property for the year
1838. A failure»to pay the tame resulted
in the commence menf cf i suit, in the
Justice Court for the recovery of the
amount, and -costal Neglect to pay a
Email Amount, In your case only 40 cents,
involves trouble and expense. '
DISTANCE&-A. S.. City. The distance
from PowelL and Market streets to the
entrance of the panhandle of Golden Gate
Park via Market street. Golden Gate ave
nue, pevlsadero street. Fell and Baker,
is about 22,003 feet: from the entrance to
the park, along the main drive and the
treat highway to the Seal Rocks Is about
<3,000 feet.
EUCHRE WITH THE JOKER-Read
er. City. A euchre pack is usually ac
companied by a specimen blank card
whicb -is called the "joker," or highest
trump card, and j ranks above the right
boweri If the "Joker" should happen to
be turned for trump the dealer has the
privilege of naming any suit he pleases
for trump.
RAIN IX SOLANO COUNTY— A. 8.,
Vallejd. Cal. In order to obtain the rain
fall of Soiajio County tor the season 1&3»
1300 it would be necessary to have data
from every part of the county, and as that
Is not obtainable the figures asked for
cannot be given. The rainfall at Elmlra,
in that county, during that period was
1S.C6 inches.
A THIRD TERM-Subscriber, . City.
There is no law that eays a man shall
not serve three successive ?ermt a.% Pres
ident of the United States. There is an
unwritten law, however, un'Jer which no
man has ever been nominated for the
third consecutive term. Washington de
clined a nomination for a third term and
since then it has been ttre will of tha peo I
pie that no man should be greater than
\\ ashingrton as a ruler of the nation.
PRECIPITATION-D. A. C, City. The
reason that the precipitation or rainfall
Is much less in the southern part of tho
fatate of California than in the northern
is because that portion- is farther away
from the storm centers. The precipitation
In Portland and Astoria is greater than in
bputhern Oregon, because they are nearer
the storm center and nearer the ocean.
THE HAYMARKET RIOT-Subscrlber.
City. The Haymarket riot in Chicago,
when a bomb was thrown into a body of
ponce, killing seven and wounding sfxtv
occurred May 8, 18S6. Of those arrested
for participation In that crime five were
convicted of murder and were sentenced
to be hanged. One committed suicide a
few hours before the time fixed for exe
cution. The others were executed No
vember 11, 1SS7.
WATERPROOF LEATHER-Railroad
er. Oakland, Cal. The following composi
tion it Is said, makes boots waterproof:
Beef tallow, four ounces; resin, one ounce
beeswax, one ounce. Melt together. Add
when cold a quantity of neatsfoot oil
equal to the mass. Apply with a raj*
warming the boot before a fire. Apply to
the soles as well as to uppers-and rub In
well with the hand. Waterproof blacking
is made as follows: Melt four ounces of
black resin and six ounces of beeswax
OV , ei L, a w flre - Whe « thoroughly dis
solved add one ounce of lampblack one
quarter pound of finely powdered Prus
sian blue. Stir the mixture well and add
sufficient turpentine to make a thin paste
APPly a cloth and polish with a
brush. These receipts are given without
recommendation from this department as
It has not tested either.
AJkrrjSEMENTS.
Tlvoll— "A Jolly Musketeer."
Alhaicbra— "A Hot Old Tim*.**
California— Ilaverly'a Mlmtrels.
Orr>heum— Vaudertllo.
Alcasar— "Seven-Twenty-Elrtt."
Columbia— — The Fortune Tfrfler."
Grarjd Opera-house— "Rleoletto."
Olymnla, corner Mason and Eddy it«et»—
Epeclalties. -, " *"?
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— VauderUle every
afternoon and evening-. =»«r
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Union Coursing 1 Park— Cburelnt\
Recreation ¦ Park— Baseball.
a&rS. g5SJg*l«*«» "-« Th«»d.y
Tanforan Park— Races to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By •VTm. Q. Layng— Monday evenlnr. Dc««m-
A MARVEL IN TRANSPORTATION;
GHRISTMAS is coming, and already. the st6res have begun to show their bright array- of
Christmas goods. The shopping season for those who intend ;to ; gifts to relatives or
friends in the East is at hand. It is therefore timely to. recall [S^AfiiFdrhia'ris ; 'tha : t-Jit-:s^"
lecting gifts for such purposes preference should be given to those of California -i production : aiid
In the first place it is to be noted Ant a gift from California will in nine cases out of tbribe
more welcome in a distant State if it be thoroughly Californian in its nature^ • X b rsend^tb the
East from this State something that was made in the East or in Europe wiU be like sending New
castle coal back to Newcastle. Such things are common in the East, There will be nothing
of novelty about them there, no matter how novel they may appear here; and moreover th^y ; wilt
lack the charm which attaches to a gift that represents something of tl^ native beauty and art of
/the land from which it comes. • . • "¦-.'. "-.'- -''..' '.'"'-
There is another consideration of importance. California sends abroad every year many
thousands of dollars for Christmas goods when nearly the whole of the amount might just; as
well be kept at home for the promotion of local artistic industries. We do riot at this time pfo^
duce much in the way of Christmas goods, but that is due mainly to the fact that there has been
comparatively little encouragement, given to the manufacture of suchgqods. - : ..
If our people during the Christmas season now opening will send to their friends in the East
as holiday remembrances handsomely packed boxes of California fruits and • wines, or : specimens
of 6ur fine woods wrought- into artistic and useful forms, paintings or photographs, of Califcfnm
scene9 and flowers, and California books and calendars, they will have the gratification of render
ing a sen-ice to the State as well as delighting an absent friend. Bear the fact in mind. In yoirf
holiday shopping patronize home industry. ,. ¦ ' . ; ; . "\
CALIFORNIA CHRISTMAS GOODS;
NOT many months ago The Call secured the services of Marconi :to • report the interna
tional yacht race by \yireless telegraphy, . From the deck of a steamer, he. operated his
. device and transmitted shoreward,, through. the air, every detail of the series of races, arid
it was immediately forwarded by wire across the continent and bulletined for the information of
the public. Each .dispatch was read on The Call building a few minutes after it left Marconi's
boat, so that we furnished to the public in San Francisco, 3500 miles from the 'scene, more
prompt news of every move in the great race than the people on shore in sight of the yachts could
It will be remembered that at least one of our contemporaries in this city, chafing under its
defeat in getting news of the race, and furious because the dense crowd in newspaper triangle
stood back to its bulletins and facing The Call's, sneered and raved at Marconi and 1 beiittied: his
great invention. This was so recently that the newspaper which did. it still smarts at the recollec
tion. But its sneers did not demonstrate anything but its own disappointment. "They did. not urt
make the greatest discovery since Morse conquered: distance: and time 'by ¦wire-transmitted elec
tricity. • .'•.-¦ ;' • • ' ' /.¦' ¦ ••
;.•¦ Marconi has since then continued his experiments and progressed in the irhprovemerit of his
device until he is able to greatly increase the distance overAyhich he can correctly transmit mes
sages, using no. other medium than, the air. ... • ' .¦' ¦'".:'-.• ' . : .:... ... , •;.;..:
. . It is an issue of such supreme importance to the /telegraph companies that' every skilled
electrician in the world has his attention strained to every sign made by •fearrom-..;/"..TH§{^eSpS
which lie has captured the confidence of experts may be judged ';^by the fact that schemes for .lay
ing ocean cables are held in abeyance, waiting, to. see' if he will not obsolete; every cable;np\y iri^usS;
•Foreign capitalists and foreign governments 'are Awaiting before seeking •:. to ..imprpye : suhmarin^
communication,, in the expectation that Marconi's aerial aiid syrichrbnous system will iriake ciLbU
laying unnecessary. . " • ;;-^v' > ".': ¦-. ']¦ '. '¦'. ••;¦;/:¦.¦; •'; [[^ •""¦',,•¦:• ; ' : : : "y .-¦ : r. :/ - ¦'' '" •'¦> :'¦; ¦'.:' -W. '¦''='
Our own Government is pausing in the 'Pacific cable- ;sch em e,| which has been for ;
years, and it is said that^the Congressional committees )>Y&^^a!^||eS^^^4^^^r^^ifi^
have decided that it is better to wait on Marconi's experiments, which; promise; to 'make cables
' . '¦".... . ¦ - ¦ .-'.-' ' ¦¦'. . '¦. ' ' • ' ' ' ¦•¦ - : : • ' ' ¦. ' . ' ¦ ' • '¦¦'•¦ ¦ : ¦ '••• ¦:.'¦'-'.'•¦ ¦'¦¦
This is only one of many instances in which science is progressing so rapidly, in . practical
application that what was .new to-day is obsolete' arid '. no .. longer useful b-morriwv The :
crowd that read Marconi's wireless messages on The Call so -recently '¦ may &oon react on
the same bulletin news froni Peking on, one side and Paris on the other, :;frorri'. Tobpislv \6r\ i- one :i
side of the equator and Tahiti on the other. '. : ::;",- '; ' 'l;^.h /:: V •/';;• V'v.;.-v:; '- :
The generating and distributing devices; for electricity have so' progressed
that an electric plant, put in now, leaves one five years old as far .behind^ hs [this, reaper; leaves ¦
the sickle, but. can give no assurance that five; 'years hence it will not be^ kseirpbsoleted t;; ; -
Tlie ultimate is not yet in: sight, for really only J a little is known of Hhe: nature : of olec-;
Uricity. It mav well be that some method of generation -and distribution, as; simple, a> tlie'n^eans.by;;
which nature manifests it in the- thunder clouds may be. discovered tliat will Wipe :butalPthi ;
mechanism now in use. : . . . : " . •' • .';•¦'. ' ; - ' .: '"¦¦ . : -:.-' , '' .'''•'"• ¦¦: :.; : i .;'..-•• : \~ :u;;-;; : : -V'' : ;--
"Is the. actor intelligent and full of zeal?
The monotony of the off ort exacted from.
. him kills all effort. How can ona demand
variety and Imagination from actors who
are compelled to play one stupidity, five
orsix hundred times? Is the actor a man
ager ? He is: eager to bring forward hia
; wife, his : sister : or his brother-ln-Li\v.
They play in families and the wonaen. ot
dlnartly very jealous, get rid of need* !/^
artists in order that they may themselves
remain stars and directors^ If this, man
ner of ; recrAUtlns the personnel of the
theater could re-establish the companlf*
Ot earlier ; days. I would gladly applattd
It ; perhaps it might result In f pundiDp
families of good comedians, of which one
finds ; so many in the seventeenth and.
eighteenth,' centuries..- Alas, We : f ar
from this! Themar.acer has only three
ideas: to retire rich as quickly as possiblf-,
to enjoy mediocrity at his e«-i.<-e and to
hold a position in society, I: Why, then,
should he, as did Antoioe. take the. ri?k
of battles from which he might come out
Impoverished? What could- .a dramatie
renovation and an art free from shackles
accomplish for ; a manager ? What WoqM
he grain if he were to .-'¦.¦play.-l to-morrow a
powerful comedy where the Social ques-.
tion would be stated neither circumspectly
nor feebly?. Debts and elory— aupertluoua
baggage! .::;.. : ,. -.;¦': ''.-V.--.--, •-";•.'¦•.¦.¦ ;•>•' '.'&- : ; ;-,v: "<; : . '.- :
: "When I questioned the young 1 writers 1
came to understand how impossible it was
for them to have an Influence. There ex
, ists among them no comradeship, not
even that appearance of : fraternity of
which we are a little proud, where imilf
.ference and baseness often slip fh, but
which allows us, at certain times.' dis
creetly to succor an unfortunate or to
fight for a Just cause. The young English
writers live in poor lodgings, work cease
lessly till success arrives and then hasten
to enroll themselves in fashionable so
ciety. There exist no rreat artists who,
during long years* Indifferent to the puJ>*i
lie, produce their works for the sole jay
of creating things beautiful and ani
mated." . ..- ¦ '.¦'.-¦"'•.. : '¦¦r-.--l:'::':;-'-.v-.y..- - r ; : ~. ; j\:' :
VThe actor In England has /but one ob
ject: to; be a member of high society ; : to.
keep his place there if he belong* to it;
to setback there if he has left it. Thl3
object governs his conduct If he I? . a
member of an established company : he
wishes to put himself in bold relief to the
detriment of. the ensemble. ' - . . -. . ¦ . ; -;
- "If one runs through the illustrated pa
pers and a few novels there appears
straightway the power which English au
thors possess of painting and of critldzjusr
manners. Their vision Is acute and ex(j
act: it seems that, the jrreat soul and ttio
irony of the delightful Thackeray still
exist, scattered but intact (sic). England
could possess a drama of her own slnco
she has a spirit of her own. but there '.3
need of less prut *>ry In manners and mora
boldness in thought. Snobbtshness— that
Is the evil which consumes English so
ciety from the royal duchess down to tha
kitchen wench. In London I met women
who- had never been to the. "theater; be
cause the Bible says that one ' should
avoid Babylon whenever one^ meets it.
Snobbishness has gangrened the theater
and letters: it Is ah: obstacle to all pro^
gress- and t'he.cause; of the actual poverty
of ideas.: "•'.- :v ; •¦/,'--" :-.' : ¦¦¦ ¦ - : : 'v" ¦.•','¦•-; .'•'¦.-' -.'; '.
"I went to other theaters and the xnc-1
ern works I sr.w there scemc<l to me al*9
of slender value; there was the sam«
poverty of Invention, the same common
ness. How is it that.so great a country,
possessing poets like : : Swinburne. . ro
mancers like Klplinjr and George Mere
dith, lacks dramatic authors? Mr. Plnero,
Is he the only one? : . : - v ¦ 'vv-*.-V*V*
study of character, no care In; rompori
tlonv Our. wcrst virtuosity comedies ofthe
eighteenth, century .surpass this . in.eo^o
and in dramatic sitiuations./llowfvcr. my
neighbors applauded, delighted da If they
were big children. ; This ...'piece has -bryn
on the bill for more than a. '.jre'ar. - - .
General James H. Wilson, U. S V who
arrived from the Philippines yesterday
on the transport Thomas, is registered at
the Palace. • l
Samuel M. Shortrldge left San Fran:
cisco for Fresno last evening. He Is listed
to address tha Elks of the Fresno plains
to-night. - ns
W. G. Barnwell, assistant general
freight agent of the Santa Fe line west
oft Albuquerque, is at the Palace for a few
days.
Clarence Smith, city passenger agent of
the Burlington Railroad, left last evenlrg
lor a month's Eastern trip. . .
James L. Cumpston of Kansas City, "a.
prominent bookmaker, arrived at the
Grand last evening.
Matt Grau, brother of Maurice Grau, is
at the Palace. He arrived from New York
last night. • • •
Milton McWhlrter* the Bakersfleld oi|
man. Is .stopping at the Grand for a few
days. • • ' . .
Dr. ;J.' J. Tully. of Stockton is at : the
Grand. ¦¦.'", ' ¦¦¦.'¦¦¦¦¦_'¦ ¦ ¦'
Addle Ii.' Ballou is batk from the Paris
ExposlUon; : ' .. " :;. • . ,
' F.; A. Hlhii.-a Santa Cruz capitalist, is
at the Palace. • ' ; \ •. V- ¦':" .
General" R. 1L Peeler of Sacramento Is at
the California, '•"' • ' . . -
Judge F. K. AInsworth of. Los Angeles
is at the Palace. . • ¦ " •
Judge Oval Pirkey of "Willows is among
the late arrivals registered at the Uck.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A I EARLY all the successful . actors
¦|\ I with" -whom I am acquainted -have
I \J a poor opinion .ot dramatic schools.
I .1 That Is natural, . fee each man
\ . I doubtless argues. "I have succeed-*
• ed without the training of a dra
matic school: therefore such training la
unnecessary'." ... -"'.-•' ¦ ¦' ¦ . . '
.Such reasoning Is fallacious for two
reasons: First. Jhere is no actor so good
but Uhat he ; might be better, and it is
probable he would be better had he be?n
taught the rudiments oi his profession in
youth, when his mind was plastic and
susceptible to 'the impress of new Ideas.
Second, the school and the library repre
sent the accumulated experience Of the
ajres; the teacher (if he be of the right
kind) represents, at least the accumulated
experience, of a lifetime considerably
longer than that of tae pupil. In the
preparation for- every ¦ other profession
men save themselves years of toil by
puttlng themselves In touch with school,
library and teacher, and given average In
telligence and capacity on. the-'part of the
pupil, his progress Is proportional to the
excellence of the. school, library and
teacher! How. absurd to suppose, then,
that the. actor's business is the only one
where, self-taught la best-taught! •
.In.' the-. November Century Mr. Bronson
Howard calls attention to the valuable
worknow being dene by dramatic schools
in New York; and declares Very, pertinent
ly that "some of the 'celebrated' actors
now. on. the- stage in England and 'Amer
ica ;ought;t6: be at school. learning the a
b-c^ ipf their, prof essipn.*' This Judgment
Is opportunely confirmed by the accounts
now being received from London of the
half failure of Mr. Stephen Phillips', new
tragedy— "Herod"— a half-failure due hot
to any • serious faults in the > play, . but to
the hopelessness of the acting, and the
elocution. The heroine, was . played by
Miss Maud Jeffries, accounted one of the
best actresses in England. Mr. Archer
(World. :Noyember 7) says "of her. that her
"ejocutibn is almost Incredibly defective.
,1 .have seen the' play ' twlce^ once from the
.stalls, pneefrcm the upper circle, and on
neither: .occasion did mere ¦: than half her
dialogue, reach, my ears. . j In many
lines : I could not -distinguish one • sin
gle, .word.. ".They v might ; have j been He-.
lirew: or Aramaic ; for- ; aught I couH
rdake of them'. . And In those lines which
she. rendered audibly Miss Jeffries showed
¦an' astonishing power of dissembling ' the
fact that' she was-, speaking, verse.".' Of
. itr:. Tree. as ; the hero the same critlc'says
that her deprives the lines of their, dra
.rhaticrvalue! and. often falls to bring out
even. . thejr metricar quality ('.)/ This: testi
mony- is- buttreMied by. that; o^ the critic
of. the- Saturday Review. Who Iament3
that modern training does hot Include the
of blank verse and that full jus
tice-was; <Jone ¦ to .'Mr. Phillips' ' verse by
only !a few of the actcjrs. . VOften It wa3
murdered .by the mimes (first murderess—
Sliss >iaud. Jeffries): but then it was beau
tiful-'eveii in death.','. • ' ' . : ' ¦' - : -.
. ; Imagine- the: agony;. ot''the» poor author
when .-he saw. the: dellcSte web which he
had wpv.eti with such care torn to tatters
:by --'Miss Jeffries and Mr. Tree! And this,
tpo.'at one of the best theaters In London,
where' everything .that money could do to
Insure a'- success was done: . . .: .
.,¦ Who shall ray after this that there Is no
• need : pfdramatlc schools? '. ¦•'. " ' - - :
: M: Jean yignaud, the lively critic of the
Parisian: Echo de la Semairje, has been
making, the. round at the. London theaters
: and- ha-s recorded his impressions in a re
xrent number of his paper. . Much of what
he says is as true of our stage as of the
English; ho apologj' is. heeded, then, for
the foliowins transtaUon. of. a. portion Of
his remarks: ' ..-,.- '¦ . ' •¦ •"•; '•.¦'
"The xurtain. rises. I aim dazzled; for
the mise-en-sce'ne is jsumptuous. Whether
it be a Shakespearean drama. ("The Mer
chant of Venice"); an- operetta ("San
Toy;'), a fairy spectacle ("Rip A r an Win
kle".),'; the richness of the scenery cannot
be. surpassed^ . EverjthJhg Is of unheard
of splendor- and shows, such: -a science of
light-effects that .one is quite confounded.
Here ; IsvVerilce majestically: enthroned In
its languid 'charm;- here Is a forest with
venerable trees' ; and-, the wind sighing
. through the.tr branches^ ' Turner. has. lent
his. magical palette to ; Irving and Mr.
Tree i3.!insplred by. our Rousseau.
; "The play began and. my-- admiration
ceased..' Three Hours; during; which I had
: to lOqk at an : anbhymous cook rebuffing
In turn. her-. ex-husband,' a clergj'man; an
officer,' a valet, . to emerge victorious in
the last act.'. The same, scene • over and
over again; here and there a lively strict
ure on manner?, an amusing, picture of
.English domesticity", this aristocracy of
the broomstick ; which has its Gotha and
Its Code— but how platitudinous ! : No
People who noticed names of composers
in their hymabooks then . began to find
out that this must be the Sullivan who
bad composed eo much church and
churchy music, -which made it kll ?he
more comfortable to accept him as a safe
musical guide for Prince Alfred. To be
sure, the man had a very Irish arid Popish
name,, and a suspiciously .Italian look, but
It wotlld have been much . worse : If ' his
name had ended in "ml" and bee Ji . con
nected with Roman Catholic mass music.
Then Londoners recalled "Cox and Box'.'
at the Gallery of Illustration, and "Trial
by Jury." which connected the name of
Sullivan with that of W. S. GUbeit. the
fuxajy -civil service clerk, -who would not
etlck to his office, and had gone to writing
nonsense verses for "Fun." Gilbert was
only a: Jester, but there was nothing for
eign about him— quijte the contrary. ; Now,
the subject for speculation was whether
this royally favored priest of the JMuses
would 'settle down Into a dignified com-
¦waistcoat and gold buttons. It was no
torious that a large- : percentage of the
eeala In the Albert Hall were out 6f ear
shot of the orchestra, but that was noth
ing.; if you had a good pair of glasses
you ctfuld easily make out Prince Alfred's
familiar, seamajilike countenance 1 bent
earnestly over his violin and even . catch
the anxious, upward;, gi an ce of the' royal
disciple at his toaster; and then if you
were aa. average Londoner you felt two
thtesa \-erj' strongly— that music must be'.
after mil. a respectable pursuit, even
though yxya. might noi /understand why,
ar.d that Arthur Sullivan must be a great
isan. -. ¦'- ; • ¦ . : ; \; ' . .-' : :
The little swarthy man with the white
•waistcoat arid gold buttons who flourished
a..«lick in that commajiding' f??hion over
the head of the Queen's second son nat
urally became an objevt of wonder to the.
enorxaous crowds for whom the Albert
Hall hsui room. : Londoners of- those aays
needed cot to know Bich from bacon and
beans to feel a burning desire to. see this
thrilling portent. They forgot that Duke
Alfred was a. forricner on his father's
Bide and were only '.mpressed With -the
fart thai a prince of the blood royal was
publicly "fiddling" at the nod of this man
Sullivan, who seamed to take the situation
so cooily, with his unconventional white
It was the Prince Consort who had W
evn the slow revolution .of fashionable
opinion in favor of music as a pursuit
for the upper classes; The Prince Con
tort had been a foreigner himself, besideV
beJnp the -first male : personage in i "¦ the
X T nited Kincdom; ar.d so his "fiddling*
propensities had a more than do\ible claim
to bo toleratedJ Courtly toleration^ had
paved the way for couitly imitation un
til, -when the l > rince Consort died. E-ngriish
society was aJmGSt ready to vote "fid
duns'.* and its kindred arts "good form"
for Englishmen. By the year 1872 tha»
Royal Albert Hail loomed large and eolld
ever Kensington, a monument to ."Albert
the Good" and the very substantial ex
pression of royal favor fostering esthetic
development. : Then came the Royal Al
bert Hail Amateur orchestra, with Jl. R.
II. the then Duke of Edinburgh, since
dead, "fiddling" in It, sitting there in his
plain black clawhammtr suit, at the front
end of the first row of ".fiddlers." on the
riglit of £ir Arthur Sullivan, as obedient
tb the fashionable cjadsictor's baton . as
any common foreigner in the Covent Gar
den .orchestra. ;.-'¦/. '• •'¦¦.. ¦¦' . -. . :
• Everybody, of course, admired Pattl and
Biais nwv« enthusiastically, ¦ and -. felt
bound to admire Tietjen, but the middle
aged men of '. that period had grown up
when English public opinion held /'fkl-.
dine" to be a practice beneath, the dig
nity, of an English gentleman and only to
be tolerated in foreigners thtough the ex
ercise of a commendable but not strictly
obligatory breadth o-f ¦ view and cathol
icity of scntlmentl : r. ' : :"• : . .
"T" lit death of Oscar Wilde within a
I ;:Wfck of that of Sir Arthur Sullivan
| ' will not fail to recall to many minds
•-I the first public associa.Uon of ¦ th'o
. • ' two names, wfcen . the ; composer
bounded into popularity on the fame of
' the': evanjrel of estheucism. That . whs
In XBtLr Before that tiaie the collaborator
of Gilbert was known principally ' as an
Albert . HaJI .concert leader and. a com
poser cf church music. Somewhat earlier
in the decade, between 1S70 and li$S0. Lon
<5on "had begun to take notice of Sullivan.
In that decade, says a. writer .in the New
Tork Tribune, the general belief in Lon
don was that the musical world was lo
cated vaguely "somewhere abroad."
"Pinafore" and "The Pirates" had be
gun the work Of making Sullivan a great
pcpular favorite, and "Patience" complet
ed ft permanently. He might, and did.
go on composing anthems, cantatas and
the : like, and the musical people might
.honor him for them, but to the English
people much more than to English-speak
ing people at large, he was from that time
on the national operatic composer. Be
fore, that the English people had always
taken.it for granted that light opera was
only produced by foreigners and must
necessarily be more or less indecent; now
they understood that Sir Arthur was their
own special operatic composer; they could
not-^the people at larce— very well think
of him seriously as composing anything
else but what went with Gilbert's non
sense rhymes, and they never did. Neither
could they easily have accepted comic op
eras from any other English composer.
The days of his glory as the royally
patronized priest of music at the Albert
Hall were forgotten, and a good many
people also forgot how much the Albert
Hall movement had done to make It pos
sible for them to appreciate the genuine
beauties of "The Three P's" series.
Sir Arthur Sullivan did not create, but
was only associated with, what made the
chief ; glory: of "Patience'' — the actuality
of It 'in language-, /In costuming. In walk
and attitudes— but he made the associa
tion as close as it could.be made by the
absolute. Q't of the music to the words. At
the Ijttle' Opera. Ccinique, where, only a
few years before, people had gone to sw.
Bowdlerized renderings of Offenbach and
Herve, "Patience! ' was pebduced one ravr
¦evenlhg in March, and on^that same after-
Ticon th«; exact counterparts of Bunthcrne.
Grcsvenor, Jane, Angela, Ella and Saphir
might have been, seen: stalking, through
the picture galleries of Bond street. The.
audience at a flrsr performance generally
goes' to criticize; that audience, thanks to
gessip that had- leaked out from the re
hearsal?, went: in a mood' of something
like ; tho delicious expectancy, 'which
schoolboys and schoolgirls feel when the
licur draws near for a. huge practical joke
to be' sprung, The Trail of "Twenty Love-;
sick 3Ialdens" came, at the rise of the
curtaJn that night, and for many nights
after; like a musical caricature- of the
Grosveaor Gallery; young. women whom
everybody had. met by the ¦ dozen, and
when; they trooped on. the stage a gen
eral gasp of delightful shock ran through
the audience. • About the prototype of
Bunthorne there was ; not a doubt any
where; In .the .house — everybody had seen
him in those Very. same "cobwebby gray
velvet" clothes,- as. he "walked down Pic
cadilly wjth a poppy or a lily, in his me
dieval' hand," and ; many occupants' of
boxes and • stalls aiso recognized Lady
Jane, and Grosvenor as Old acquaintances
in real life. There Was hardly any exag
geration about, either the makeup or the
acting of the eathetlc characters.- It was
all as It. might be in New York to-day if
the xlre?s, language and walk of half a
dozen of the best-known, male and 'female
characters in New York life were- faith
fully reproduced. oh the stage. And as for
the music, the audience felt that, while
they had never heard any of these per
sonages sing in real life, they would sins?
Just such music in just that way If they
sang at all.
By all rulifs of prediction Arthur Sulli
van should never have lent h'miself to the
cn;spirr»cy Y.hk-h made esthetlclsm ridic
ulous ?n 1S81. ••Patier.oe" was a stab at
li.e new "culture." i>nlt In tbe very hr>n«»e
of its bivthien. However, the musical
yrcrld may per the career of Arthur Sulli
van wrought or.t <>!tp by rtep through his
own penl.is and dcvotlor. to his art.' It
was the Albert Hull that nrst made him
a great man In Ixindon. The Albert Hall
Is contitruous in fact ar.d In thought. to
South Kensington, nnd South Kensington
is and was the London seminary of <?5
thetleiMn. The Albert Hall »helter-.d the
propaganda of "Spohr interwoven with
Each and Beethoven." which "'classical
Monday pops" at St. Jamo^' Hall could
not make the average l^oridontr even pre
tend to enjoy, ar.d cut of South Kensing
ton — -"O South Kensington!" — proceeded
the crusade' against "primary colors."
And yet Su'.ttvan followed -after Gilbert all
through "Pnafore" and "The Pirates of
Pc-nzance." until thry both were able and
did not scruple to- l.se all the musical and
decorative lore of South Kensington to
strike at "the inner brotherhood!."
poser of serious, measurea or follow that
absurd Gilbert still further In his frivoli
ties. ' .. . ¦;:: - ¦
SCIENTIFIC PROGRESS,
SIR
ARTHUR SULIVAN'S
POPULARITY FED FAT
ON
WILDES ESTHETICISM.
DRAMATIC SCHOOLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900.
SUNDAY '"; . • . r»Trrpr\iHTP -» r Tfv>f»
.__ -_, ¦ .' * .............. .• *; .- . ' .
..;•¦". . . : JOHN D. SFRECKELS,; Proprietor. ; - ' \. ¦¦ ¦'¦. ' . • .. v ' ¦>
'V.A'-i';' -Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, • Manager. -V-: '' " ¦¦'^T^^";' ~™ /'¦'.¦
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. ....:...:......:.. ;....... ......;. ; .....: ..;:.^.v;t-^Market a^hb^^rand^o
18
Dr." Humphreys' famous Spedflc "9ev-
enty-seven"; breaks up a. Cold by. restoring .
the checked circulation, known by a chill -
or shiver, the first sign of a Cold. It starts
the blood coursing through.. the veins. aidk
at once "breaks up" the Cold. :'¦: : .'
If you will, keep a vial of *TTVat hand;
and take a dose when necessary your will
never take Cold. It dtesn't matter' if tha":
weather changes suddenly; if you. ;Wra
caught, out. with Hght apparel, without;::
overcoat of wrap; If you get overheatedi ¦'.'
and ride in- an open car,' or are esrjioae^'.-
waiting for your carriage; if you" worker .'
sew in a cold room, or sit in a draughty;
church, meetlnglhouse. opera or theater. .
If you carry a vial of "77" (It fits tha { -.
pocket and pocketbook) and use It freely;
you will be protected and will not tako
Cold. §ffg • ¦ ,• i
66mjmmgjp$$
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Oh, we can't find out for a few weeks t
each now calls the other 'Birdie.' " — In-
dianapolis Journal. ";:..¦¦-
Gufllet's ThanksgrTln* iatnc» pi»r leecrt&ta.
905 Larkln at., phone East 13&. . •
"What are the names of that newly-
married couple in the next flat?" .: : ' =;.'
If You're in a Hurry Tako the '«Ore-
;¦;:;;: Q land Limited/* ; V?:
L«av!n* Saa Tr»aciseo Aaliy at 19 tL at «
Central Pacific. Union Pacific and Chlea^ Ji i
Northwestern railways, and arriving «.t Ckl<^»
at »:*> a. m. th« third day. A toIM Te»Ub^f^
train of «uperb tplendor. carryiac PulhaJa
Ooubl* drawtBs-room aHepen. . dining ! eat and
batfet «mokln« and library car. Baa PVaacisoa
to Chicago without change. Only four T9 '
New Tork and Boston. If you want laxorr
and comfort combined with ipecd . aad a«Xat7
take th» ••Owerland Umlted." . :'.
Stranger— Boy, can you direct me to th»
bank? ' ' . v ' : -'... , -. : '. ¦ ' ¦¦. : .':¦ : . .- '.-.¦
. Boy — I kin for sixpence. ¦' • '. ''-.-• : . '•': • ¦¦'¦¦.
Stranger— Sixpence ! Isnt that hr^H
pay? '. : ••" ¦ - '¦ •¦'-¦:-. - .:.-.. . ¦¦' aA *
Boy— Tes. sir; but It's bank directors
what gits high pay, you see, sir— Titbits?
Special information supplied daily tn,
business houses and public men hy th-
iTess Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 5X0 Monl
jjomery st- Telephone Main 104Z.- •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jat>' »««<»
kets. A nice present for Eastern frienriV
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building, i
Choice candies, Townsend's.PaIace Hotel. •
Poplar boxes for etching. Townsend'a, •J. . H. da la Monte will sink two wells
on a 1400-acre . tract In a new district
about ten miles west -of 'McKittrick
The Los Angeles Times says : It wan'
reported yesterday that the Electric Oil
Company, one of the operators', in the
western field organized by local capital
had sold its holdings to a St. Louis svn
dlcate that • will thoroughly develop the
property. The company's • holdings < con
sist of two acres In th» field, west of the
Baptist College, on which are several
producing; wells. - < . ,
— — -- .* ¦' . . . - • -• f i
The Nevada County Oil Company has
filed articles of incorporation with a cap
ital stock of $200,000. Tnere are ten di
rectors, as follows: W. O. Ross, of San
Francisco: W. B. Robb E. T. R. Powell
P. G. Scudden, S. W. Marsh, J. W. Tay
lor, D. F. Morgan, H. M. Cooper and F.
L; Arbogaet, all of Nevada City, and W.
Jj. Mabley of North Bloomfleld. The prin
cipal place of business is Nevada City.
Colorado people have, so It Is reported
invested in lands In the Temblor dis
trict. . - • . v ¦¦"
H. T. Flnnell was prospecting. Seeing fa
vorable indications he, ran an open cut In the
hillside, and at eighteen feet a large bowlder
was encountered. As the workmen removed
.this a jet of oil spurted from the rock. After
tunning a short dlBtance tne Jet ceased to flow
and the prospectors thought they had been too
sanguine In their expectations, but soon the
oil began to run again. There was the usual
excitement which accompanies a new find and
steps were taken to save the oil. which ran
from the crevice, only an. Inch in width at
the rate of nearly a barrel a day. The flow
of gas was also strong and has made the work
of the prof rectors difficult.
• Still another oil district is reported to
have been discovered In the vicinity of
Los Angeles. It is east of the city on the
old Mission road. The Pacific Union Oil
Company, a Lob Angeles concern, and
four other parties have prepared to ope
rate there. . The field Is directly northwest
of the line of development at Whittler.
• The Weekly Callstogan has a story con
cerning the oil discovery In Berryessa
Valley, thirty-five miles from Napa. It
says:
San Jose has gone oil mad.. On the streets
in. the business office and store. In the count
ing room, bank and club/ in the saloorm, the
hot««l lobby, jeverywhere. In fact, even in the
home Bitting' room, youn* and old, rich and
poor, high and low, are talking oil.
. Southern -California papers, are Circulat
ing a. story that a scheme, of township
plats will. develop beforethe tenth of the
present month, by' which certain schem
ers will endeavor to "Jump" oil lands.
Several oil men are in receipt of notices
so the account goes, warning them to b«
on the lookout for any attempt to put lo
cation, notices upon derricks, as has been
•done in the past. . • • . •
Thomas. Williams. of .San Jose has vis
ited the southeastern part of San Benito
County and reports discoveries of oil on
Sih-er -Creek. Outcroppings of oil sand
are also reported by Mr. .Williams to ap
pear over a semi-circular area for a dls
-tance of some miles. He has reported
that there Is an oil basin of lanje size
In the. region he has visited, as ho be
lieves. _: v
On the strength of this considerable in
terest has been manifested at San Jose.
The San Jose Herald says:/ ¦
v h °L th ?^ ten mo Pths ending with Octo
ber, 31, 1900. our exports of petroleum and
its products amounted to 821,'410.S63 gal
lons and were -valued at $62,013,731. ITor
imVfi m . e p ,f rlod . dwlng 1893 they were
801.3o4.616' gallons in amount and $52,873 %'J
In value, i This is a gain of 20.056,347 gal
lons in amount and $10,139,822 in value ;
tye did in September or in October last
year, we- received less' money for it. For
•October, 1899. our exports were -86,562,810
gallons in amount and . were valued at
of Senator Bard and other
holders of. stock in the Union Oil Ccrh
pany which, has been acquired !>>- AVllliam
JrL'^tsiats; J..S:-Torran<?e and. John B.-Mil
lef, -being known- as the. iytiUfllngl .jf.the
Uiion Stockholding Associates.: Involved
& deaJ,. according to reports; of $?00.000. .A
newppapcr story from Southern California :
-1b to -the fffect! .tliat'- the 'transfer means.
mlso' ;-. there will t)e : a reorganization.
.Th* stockholders cf the Union Oil Com
pany have b>en called to meet December
'16 .to yoteupori the question or Increasing
the capital stock of the company from
$5,000,000 to JIO.000.OM. '. It .Is tinderstood
thatjafter that time the United Stockhold
ing .Associates and the Urtkted .Petroleurn
Company will pass out cf existence. .The
latter' concern hole!* 54 per cent of the
stock 1 of the Uniorr. Oil Company, and was
pnranizc-d by Lyman Stewart. Kach of
tht-Fe corporations was organized virtually
as;,av,vo-unjj pool. -iq- a factional fight be
tween the. stockholders of the parent com
pany; - ••
A re\-lew of the petroleum exports of
the year has been- made by the -OH City
The. exports for mineral "oils for Octo
.rxr, as reported to the Treasury Depart
cnent, were 93,189,£20' gallons, valued, at
W.129.679: This. was an Increase of 3,4&4;
02S gallons . over ' September, . accompanied
by a loss of $311,463 In value.. The gain
over October. 1833, .was 6,$27;020 gallons in
amount, but there was a loss of $454,006
in value. ' Jo other, words, although wfe
shipped more oil abroad In October than
Derrick. There was a considerable In
crease for October over both September
and October of the previous year, but the
.gain Is-acompahied by aconsfderaible loss'
in value.: During- September- a; heavy de
ciine v.as recorded in. both the amount
and value of oil shipped abroad. " August
proved a phenomenal month for the ex
port trade, arid .surpassed, any. previous
month, in: the history of the -oil- business.
The exports for September approximated
closely those of July.- The June exports
fell short both in amount and value from
May, while May made a heavy gain Over
April. The exports q( petroleum and 4ts
products for. April, while .somewhat In Ex
cess of April a year ago. were consider
ably behind those of January and Mafch.
The: February exports : were- the smallest
cm. record for a year.- . _ • ..
OIL PRODUCERS DEVELOPING IN BROAD ARE A
p-j-==rf-HE installation Of the elected anci
II appointed officers of California
' II. Chapter No. 183, Order of the
Jj[ -Eastern Star, in the commamlery
Hall, of the Masonic Temple last
night.- was witnessed by about 700 persons.
The large part of the audience was made
up of ladies, and many of these witnessed
the beautiful teremony for' the first time.
The ball und the several stations were
tastefully "decorated, with evergreens and
flowers and the American flag in token
of the loyalty of the membership was dis
played in many parts of the hall. The
Installing officers were Ernest W. Conant.
grand patron; Mrs. Kate J. Wlllats, grand
secretary as grand marshal, and F. W. G.
Moebuc past grand patron as grand chap
lain. With the exception of the matron,
patron- and chaplain, all the officers were
attired in. white, and made, an they stood
in a semicircle around the altar to take
the' obligation, a very pretty picture.
The officers who are to control the chap
ter, wntch Is the baby in this city, during
the current Eastern Star year are:
Lizzie TonnlnKS>>n. worthy matron: John Ton
nJngsen, worthy patron:- Bertha Wagner Stark,
associate matron; Isadora Horton, secretary;
During the ceremony D. M. Laurance,
tenor, sane "Abide With Me"; Mrs. R.-
Hathorne. soprano, rendered "Lord Is
My Light," and J. F. Fleming, barytone,
rendered '•(lolden Threshold," while a
quartet sang the other selections inci
dental to the ceremony. Mrs. Nellie Au
susta Darling was to have sung a solo,
but was by reason of a severe cold pre
vented from so doing.
After the proclamation by the -grand
marshal, who was a very precise and ma
jestic one. there were short addresses by
Grand Patron Conant. Past Most Worthy
Grand Matron of the General Grand Chap
ter of the United States Mrs. Mary E.
Partridge and Junior Past Grand Patron
George L. Darling; a selection on mando
lins by S. Adelsteln. Anita Furgeson and
Mrs. \V. II. .Thorpe, and a lute solo by
Samuel Adelstein. after which there were
displayed a number of stereopticon views.
Minnie G. Stebblns. treasurer: Mary 'Wlttman.
conductress; Cecelia Warren, associate conduc
tress; Julius A. Haste, chaplain; Frances Ed
mortflson, marshal; Birdie Reid, Adah; Jennie
Mclaughlin, Ruth; Alma Harder. Queen
Esther: Josephine Klnney. Martha; Mlgnon Lll-
Ue, Electa; Leontlne Wefelsburg, orgranlst:
Edith. Boyes. warder: Mary Lewis of Golden
Gate Chapter, sentinel.
JOHN AND MRS. LIZZIE TONNINGSEN, WHO ARE THE NET\^ PATRON
AND MATRON OF THE BABY CHAPTER OF THE ORDER OF THE
. . EASTERN STAR. Yffi~: •*> / : -- '
OFFICERS ARE INSTALLED
BY CALIFORNIA CHAPTER
Mrs. McLaren had to leave her thre»
sick children and hurry to. the: prison,
where she put up cash bail for her moth
er's release. . ' ' • ' •
-¦A case requiring investigation by the'
Health authorities occurred yesterday
when, an old woman, who was nursing
three children afflicted with the dread dis
ease diphtheria was arrested by two po
licemen and taken to the City Prison on a
warrant charging her with disturbing t'.ie
peace.
The woman Is Mrs. Mary Thompson, 5*
years of age, who lives with her daugh
ter, Mrs. James McLaren, at 923 Minna
street. Mrs. McLaren's three young chil
dren are very ill from diphtheria ana are
being attended by two physicians. About
midnight Friday Hannah Hansen, who
lives above the flat occupied by the Mc-
Laren family, was, according to Mrs.
Thompson, raising a disturbance with a
man by dancing and singing and having
a good time. The two physicians were
performing a critical operation upon one
of the children at the time and Mrs.
Thompson, went upstairs to ask Mrs.
Hansen to moderate her hilarjty. They
had some words and in her exasperation
Mrs. Thompson admits that she called
Mrs. Hansen a bad name.
Mrs. Har.sen called at the warrant
clerk's office yesterday morning and ue
manded a warrant for Mrs. Thompson's:
arrest on the charge of disturbing the
peace. Clerk Fltzpatrlrk refused to lS3U«;
the warrant. She hung around the ornee
for nearly an hour till Clerk Burke gave
her the warrant and it was ffgned by
Judge Cabaniss. It was sent to the South
ern police station to be served and Police
men Harry O'Dea and H. WHson were
detailed to serve it. They called at the
McLaren house and. although it was
quarantined, they placed Mrs. Thompson,
under arrest and sent her. to the City
Prison. : •¦ ¦.'.•.
Bedside of Her Grandchildren,
Who Are Suffering Prom
Diphtheria.
Mrs. Mary Thompson Dragged From
of the City.
Case for Investigation by
the Health Authorities %
ARRESTED IN
INFECTED HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900.
19
. . . . ADVEBTISEMENTS. '. ' : /-'/ ¦':¦'}' '.
— — - _ j . _ . _ -
NON-ASSES5ABLE
OIL STOCK OF THE
BELLA VISTA OIL
SYNDICATE
Is .now seHing At .10 cents per" sharo, par; value 5L00. This company owns 1200
. : acres of oil territory by perpetual lease, situated within 40 miles of San Francisco
and within 3 rrtlleSof the seaboard In San Mateo County, with every convenience
'.' for developments such as roads and water "and fuel, free of cost, upon the.prem-
i»*-8. Work has bfen commenced and lumber for derrick, rig timbers, engine, cook
end bunk houses has been purchased and is partly on the premises. "All the nec-
•ssary machinery and tools are being procured as rapidly as It is possible to have
. them made. That this Is oil producing territory is positively proven by the fact
. : that any one can go upon the premises and. dip the oll'up with a vessel of any
kind, as the oil is seeping out of the oil strata In numerous places, and the fur-
ther fact that the geological conditions and geographical position are . perfect.
.The oil In this territory is of an extraordinarily high character and gTade, being
upon' a parafflne base and high In illuminating and lubricating properties, as well
• as many other useful products. The men who are at the bead of this company
are" men of means and standing and the management Is in the hands of thor-
oughly practical and experienced . men in this particular line of business. Over
half of the block of stock to be sold at this price has been already taken and ne-
• Foliations are now pending that the remainder may be taken up by one or two
parties very shortly. Parties contemplating investing In ail stock should immedi-
ately Investigate this opportunity by calling at the office in person or by writing
BELLA VISTA OIL SYNDICATE,
Room. .7, Ground Floor,
Mills Building . ' _- ' - - - San Francisco
Conceit Ib but the self-esteem of the oth-
er fellow.
BATLBOAI) TBAVEL.
xoiTiiKUM rACiric i-o.iir«!iT.
(FACinc »THTKH.)
r>» mm • "J,.,, 4 xv.iHV.O.
(Main Liue. Foot of Market Streak.)
ib*yb — From DxctMma 1. 1900. — a»m*«
•7:O«.\ BenlcU. 8ui»un, Elmira. VaeafCle.
r.ura*»T ami cwr:imn;tn "Ji-mat
•7 s»O 4 Shwta Exprea»-Dm»U. Williams (for
Bartlett SprlaaX WlUowa, Bed
Blu3. PorUaili.. *7:«5p
•7130 a Uartl»«x. San Itiioua, V*i: e jo. S»P».
. . vr.t'.isti g>i *n.i Hai-r.a. Row *0<13r
•S:O«a Datis. Woodland. KnighU Laadisg.
MarysTilie. Oroftlio *7H»»
*S:OI)A Atlontie Kxpress— O«rien ami 1U*I *3:i.1p
•8:«i»a Nilet, LlTennors, Tncy. Lathrop, — , .. ?•
Stockton _ niMf
•>i:t«l4 Sun .!<'•-, Liferinore: Btookton.
lone, S«or»uieuso. PlacrrtUla,
MuftstIIK Chico. UwllUuS MilSr
•*:XOa O»kd*K Chinese, bouora. Carters... Miiap
•»:««•» rUjnanli, KUen aad Way Station*, •llil.i*
•!»:O0A Lou Aogelea Expren — M»rtlu«r.
Tim;, LatUrop. stocktou. MereeJ
Frmito and Los Aneelea "Tjiap
•!»>:to \ Vall'jo. Bf aitliMS au<l W»T .Stationi *Bi-«3r
•I «;«»» Th« OieilandUmited-Ogdeo. Don- m _
»er. Omaha, Chlogr, •9.A.XT
¦lltOOA Nile*. Stockton, Sacramento, Men-
dots. Fresno, llanfurd. Viaalla.
Port«rtUl» *til3r
•11:OOa Utermore. Saogsr. Goahen Junc-
tion, Bakenflelil. Loa Angeles ._ '
tl!«Op8asraineiitoia»er8te»mef« f3iO«4
•3:««r Haywarda, Nlles and Way Stations. •Si4. 1 »p
•4:»"r Martluer. Sail lUmoti, Tallejo,
Naj^, Call»*<»««. Hanta Itosa »»il»4
•li«Or B-nic:». Winters, Saoramsnto. . ;: V;
WcHxlland, Knl»lit-1 Laadlag,
JUrjc.ille. OroTille •••:«4
•l::t«p H»yw»rjK. Mleiand Hnn .Ioa« t*****
•."V:OOr Silea. U»ermore aad 8toekton 'IOs^Sa.
7$:OOr Bun»«t limited. El I*aso» i»sw
Orleans and East. «1*:15a
•3:OOpTl)« Owl limited— Tracy. Fresno.
Bikeniield. 3angus rur Santa Bar-
bara. Loa An«el«s MD>t3*
•¦¦JiMfKew Orl«an« Express— BaketsHeld.
Santa Barbara. J^os Angeles. Dem>
ing. El Paso, New Orleans and
East ? •7»*3«
•8:AOp HaTwards, Nilea and Sao Jcm *7> !."» i
ISlOOr Vailsjo *IM»4
•AiOor Oriental Mall— Og Jen, Chejencs.
Omaha, Chingo "2:13?
••tOOr Otleatal Mail-Ogden, Dearer, ¦
Omaba. Chicago. -. *4:l3p .
•7:«Or Oregon ami CaUfnr:i1% Kxprsaa.Nao-
r;wi.«iil.i. JUr;«iii:e, JCa(l<llng.
r.utlHn.l, JMiet Hound ami Kask *8:4.1a
•8r«3pSaQ Pablo. P.rt Co*ta, Msrtiaez
siid Wa» «Utlons '11:434
tWtOAp Yall«.)o »l1:-t3v
COAST I»IVI>ION (.Narroir MaNpce).
| (Foot of II irket Street.) '
•»>l»A.Xewark.OnterTi!!e.Baa.)o(e.Fe!ton.
UoulderCreek.SantaOnuand Way
Stations »«iaop
fStlSp Newark C'eiiterrlUo. Ban .lose, Now
Almaileu, leltoo. Itnulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Statious f I •»:."» i»\
¦4sl3p Newark. Han Josa. Los Gatos ••»:.">«l\
all>43r Hunters' Eionrsion, San Josa and
_;_ Way Stations t7i3Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSlI ritlCISCO— fHt »t Marktt Suisi (S:»» J) —
J7:15 9:00 11:00*. U. 1:03 3:93 8:03'.*.
rtiaSlIUIl— N.l.fBr-.idwiT.— 1«:00 (4:00 t?:C5
10:00a.m. 12:C3 3:63 1:C3 *5:03r.M.
¦ COAST D1T1SIOX (Broad Gauge).
- (Third and To«nmml Sts.) .¦"---?..-_'
. tCilQA Ocean View, South Ban Francisco., \<ii'&*t
*7s00a San Joas anil Way Station* (NtV
' Almaden Wednesdays ouly). *l:3np
•BiOO* N*n Jo«e, Ties Pinos. Hanta CniS, :..'.'-.
v ' PaeiHo <irnie. Paso Uubtea. 8an
Luis Obfarpo. Surf. Lompoc ami ' •¦
Prinetpal Way . Stations Miliir
•IO:lo» Baa Jtiss and Way iiUUoua.., *":35a
¦I1i3<>4 San Jobo au<l Way Stations *3:30p
f3t43r San Matra, KttdwooH.Menlo Park.
Pa!o Alto. Santa Clara, -San .lose,
T res Pinos, 8a>ita Crnz. Saliaas.
Jlonterpy and Pxetne GroTe...... tl»i::t«v
ftljSOp 8an Jose and Way SUtlons *7>3np
tl:l3pSanJoseaii.tPr1neipai Way .Stations 1»: I.Vv
t^:»or Stn Joso, Los Gatoa and Priucipul
Way Svatlona. ?B^O^
•S:3Or San Jose and Principal Way Stations *S:3.1*
•«:SOp San Jose and Way Statlmis.. f **:'•<•*
gll;43p Sail Josa ami Way Sutiuns.. ?7:30?
A for &foruing. P for Afternoon.
•Daily. ? Sunday etc*>T>ted. J Sunday ou'y. .
q Jlondays, Fridays,
c Tuesdiyi. Tbursdsjs, .SumUyx.
a 8atni<Jay_on!^ . . . '
NORTH PACIFrG COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry*
- Commencing September 30. 130ft.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VaUET
• AND SAN IUFAEU
"WEEK DATS— 6:55. *9:15.. Jl:0O a. m., «],:*5.
J:13. 4:C0, 5:15. »«:15. «:40 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley . and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesday* ' aad ¦ Sat«
mt?ay» at 9:00 and 11:23 p. in. *
SUNDAYS— •8:00; n0:00. ?11:SO aj m..««l;li
J:15, «S:I5. 8:30, 9:00 p. m. ¦ :¦ .
Trains marked <*) run to San Qnentln.
FROM SAN RAFAELi TO SAN FRANCI3CO. "
WEEK DAYSS— S:20. »«:30. 7:45. S:SO a, nj .
•12:30. 1:45. I-SH, 4:30. 5:JO p. xa. . '.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. -Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. ra. ¦• •
SUNDAYS-* :20. *8:C0. 10:00. »U:43 a. m. "
•1:40. *2:1S. 4:45. # d:30 p. m. ¦' . .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.'
FROM M1LX. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO."
WEEK DAYS— 6:43. «:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. m;.
12:S5. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:W p. Bi. • ; '
EXTRA TRIP8 on Mondays. Wednesdays '
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10°:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15k 3:33.
5:00. a:45 D. m.
THROUGH TRAINa " • " .
1:55 a. rn. week dayt— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. • ¦ . •
1:43 p. m. Saturday*— Toxaalea and way sta-
tions.
S:0O a- m. Sunday*— TomaJea and way sta-
tions. Mfc-mi
Santa Fe
Trains—Daily
Lear* Market-street F«rry »«roc
Vn. Ban Francisco. I »:M » m 4:10 p ml I:to p m
Air &>ockton i::l»pml:lIpmU:Kpn
•• M»r«ed ....^.. *:« p m — — l:ia a m,
•• rrcino ........ 4:Mpm 1:0ft a n»
•* V!*alla> 8:Cl > P "* * :5 ° * °»
•• Tulam .........«:» P m . « : Wan»
" Hanford I:M p m 7:04 a m •
•• Bakersfleld ... 8:50 p ra . t:3Qan*
•• D«nT«r ia:<»am . ¦
•• ' Kansas Qty.~ 8:1S p tn ¦
. •* Chicago ....... 7:40 sv m
• a. m. train l» tb« Ovexlaad express. Corrt«
¦pondlnc train arrlTes at « p. ra. dally.
4:19 p. m. is Stockton LooaL CDmspoadlBa]
train irrlv«« TIM a. m. d*Uy.
t:00 n. m. Is Ftmbo and BakerafUld Kxprna,
with Blwlne; C*x» for tooth dtles. Comspcod*
bit train artivts at « a. m. dally.
OFTtCSS— Ml Market st and In Terry Depot*
fun yrsnelaefl: 1111 StfiodwaT* Oakl&od.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Fsrry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. tn,
BU.NDAT3 1:00. 10:00. U:M aad 1:13 p. m^
Fare, Saa Francisco to Summit aad Saturn.
NBW TAVERN OF TAMAXPAIS NOW OPT5N,
Tlck»t offices, O Market at., BaaaaUto yaxxr.
-*=*»J A manufacturer's entire surplus i stoc'K of fancy Reed
.and Rattan Furniture, consisting of firri) Chairs, RocKers, Divans, Settees,
etc., etc., finished in all tt)e latest shades of enamel, some bandsoroely
upholstered, bought at 50 cents on tt)e dollar, and will be sold at tfye
same reduction. Note a few of t^e bargain prices below:
Terlnr Reception Chairs flnl«h<><J lii pholjac. 'I^arpe full roll Arm Rockers, finest .quality ot Very pretty Indian Ottoman's, finished In sold
vr-ry neat and attractive— R"g- C fZ. {\f\ reed— upholstered loose . cushion*— In fancy ' .leaf— Regular value $7.50— Spe- CC AA
ular value $6— Bale price <5t>*v/V pauems — JleRUlar value CIO 7S clil P rlce * tp*J»\J.\J
C T to^ Ilocker8 - "^X'fA^k $16.^-S^cial rale price;.;.. <J>I*. 1 *J LadleVArm ch-ir* nnl.hed in wjilte and blue
i-altJe r^-sa*?™"?! " $10.00 ' -Regular value lib-Special sale ..<j» A ~7t2L
I^rpe At-^i Chalrf, Ea*VeYn ™. finish, urhol- Fancy Reception Chairs In sold «¦«• verV «r- P. rice • :••• «"• • "
ftered seat, verv coir.fortaWe— Rcgrular value tirtic— Regular value $is..a— Sfc|JC,flf| Corner Chairs.- finished in pea green and gold—
5H_£j, !e price.:..?;. ....... C|t> f)() Sa!e. price >......... <? «O«W R^ u i ar - value- JJ0.50 - Sale C^ Tg
Sale Odd Pieces; Fine Furniture.
THOUSANDS OF ODD PIECES of high- class furnitura; Remarkabl 9 bargains! \
Bookcase-polished oak, French CIA K() Si"^5£SJ 6 a k,- highly. CIQ # 5|)
shaped kcs. worth $13.00; for.,... . . -^lv.3y a™., polished by hand, a polished, worth $25.00; for.......... _*Pl^-v»y
: • ¦ ¦ • ¦ -' • ¦>•: '¦', ' ' .' : .. koo4. strptMT, .durable chair, . ' - .. ' ••¦.... . • ..- • • . •
.-¦;.. '. V-- •-:-..- •..¦¦-¦-'''•..•:¦¦'.¦ Regular ' price CO- K/"k .' " ¦• • ¦• -.- ¦ '• • ¦¦ " •¦ ¦ ' . "-.
Bookcase-^eurly . . birch. . Fretich tf» f V *J K ss, sale price.. tj»o«ou Dresser— birdsey* . maple, : higWy CO ZZ f\f%
¦J^hapedlcj??, >;ortii $.1^00: icr.U... ; : S"" # " _ ; . ;¦ tiM£gSg25J££& polished; -worth.- $.^0.00;. for.: .•.,.:.. f.Vr-'^^*. > "V :
Bookcase- S o1 d rnahogariy. French oiq 25 MW^^^M^\ Parlor. /Divan— nicely upholstered cio.AfV
shaped legs, worth S^5o;. for .,.:,.. W^^S^^&m. and finished;, worth $16.00;. for. ,:., j
Dcsk^-higfily. poiished quarter-sawed. CQ rf| w^^t&^&S^fr \ •¦ ¦ ' . - ; : " . - T : ¦ - ¦ •. : • .': '. .. " '
oak desk. "\vorth S.12.00; for. . . . .i. . . . '. :-y"'V.M . H II • « 1 • c Uiffonief— solid oak; nicely finished, <*<j We
.-...- i :"¦ .'..-¦ ' ¦ i If . . ' • .five drawers, worth ?io.oo;. for,'...;. ,y.. *^ ••
Dr££sing Table — of . J mahogany,'' .'••' . . :¦•¦-¦•¦// QO $\(\ \L '.'-'¦''"' ''¦¦. '¦''¦'.'.¦' - . • '¦',-'¦ '.- ¦ • ". '
;h;andsornely.inhid. highly polished,. rf»^«r '^T-s- //. V, 4-'VU' w. ;Mbrris Cliair--K:6niplete with cusii- Ctl KA :
u:oflh-!$33.oo: .:: :{Qr.". .;:':;:":¦, .,...;.:.., .n^A* '•':^*- )':'(£ ¦¦'¦ tj-' . :.' • >: . ions,' wprtb; $14.00; .for. 1 ..'/:.. .-JV.'.'.-'-'vplI 3U
; -vv-> ¦:"¦¦¦-:¦¦':¦: '>r^ : \'-r^ : - : :^r--'y\:r:i^^-. !^'J :^:.>:K-:\.-,^-^^ .:^"^ Sacrifice. -
¦ ;¦;.;.-;.. --Have you sssn the beautiful new patterns we're showing— the rich ..... ' . . \ ¦¦¦¦¦. '.'¦'¦'¦'':
cualities— and found out at what unprtcedentedly low price's we're selling : • nqvei.tt' tapestry ponTiEUES-A coi-
themP ; \SThy, pood Brussels JCarp^ts.-- excelient \ Brussels; .Carpets— are- -^SSaSSitoSSS^vSffiv^SSiS $3-50
only 60c :>'¦ yard here. Splendid Heary ingrains are; only 50c a yard,, and . ;f :^^^. "d^n^^Q 11 ffoo^'ic l pr^Hfi
Velvets, :Axinm$ters. Sovoniere and : Moquettes, in the standard higrh . Price, yard .......'..-,....;..;......; «t> : O«UU
,.^_ ' :--:•"•¦¦ ,. •: , •: • ¦.-.-' ¦}¦¦:'¦ ;." » j t» i \-i' ¦ : . : THE ""COLLEGE"' CL'RT.VIX POLE O tZ.r» r
quality weaves, ars equally as low in proportioiu And. Rugs, too— big feet lone, compipie— Price. ...... 2O.C
and little-are away: be low.^hat others ask.. ' .7 - ;. V V,. : ¦; ;: : - -^ - ' \ : :
¦.¦.";..-¦•.••; . : : ...-.[.' .'¦¦¦.:;••" :': ' ' •; : ' ;' '.. '•:•.¦ ¦ ' ... • ' .-: .: • ' •¦ ¦'romplete,*. po<Sd shade— Price- each: -.-Uvv
/Min mi-cc ii/itu cift-BV Dn/s QROAN'Dlk MVRIJNS— IT, : ana' .40 . QAp
. OUR GUARANTEE WITH EVERY RUG. inches wide-Yard ...:....:
9^, « '" '- L. „• . .,' • " ;•• •¦.,.¦.-¦. • , " ¦. . PLORBXTIXT3. NET-Quite like point . QS r
fPPt lOTHT'hv'fi fPPt "WldP : Q1R fSO dEsrrit, 48. inches wtfe-YanJ....... aOU
10-6 long by 8 feet 3 inches wide. ;.:.*. . . . . . . ;.22.00:-:SS^KXt b^!; : .!5c
, rt _ , , ¦¦-" V : - >% r > ¦'.'•; ''.,"¦ ¦ •: '"•¦• . . / -- ,._,___- SlLKOI.INE-38-inch -Flgurea Goods, -.all the'
12 feet long by 9 feet wide. .. ... . . . . ... . ,v. . . . 25.00 rssJfS^^J^^^tS^ 10c
Big Furniture Exposition Building, '¦;.;'•*¦• '¦ " •
Dr. Ramsdell In commenting on catarrh
cures says: "I can heartily recommend
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, because they
contain no cocaine nor other dangerous
drug found in so many advertised ca-
tarrh cures. I have known of many cases
of long standing catarrh of the head and
throat completely cured by the daily use
of these tablets for several weeks. One
case in particular, which I could not
reach with an Inhaler or spray and where
the catarrh caused dally headaches and
a noticeable loss of hearing was entirely
cured by this harmless but effective
remedy;" . • .'
Dr. Walnwright says: "I never hesitate
to prescribe Stuart's Catarrh Tablets for
catarrhal headaches and catarrhal deaf-
ness because I know them to be perfectly
pafe for child or adult and have seun
many remarkable \ cures resulting from
their regular daily use; because they are
advertised- and sold in drugstores Is no
reason why any (good physician should
not use them, because we should spize
upon' the means of cure wherever found."
Stuart's Catarrh. Tablets are especially
valuable for catarrhal colds in children
because" they are pleasant to the taste
and may be used 'freely to break up severe
colds and.- croup* at the very beginning.
All -druggists sell the remedy at 50 cents
for full sired package, j
• A little' book • on ' cause and cure of ca-
tarrh malled'free by- addressing. the F. A.
.Stqart Co., ;' Marshall, Mich. . , : •
. Nearly all cheap cough mixtures and
throat lozenges contain opiates; theso
cheap medicines irive a temporary relle*.
especially wlih little children, by destroy-
ing nerve, sensation: the Irritation In.
throat, which causes coughing, is tem-
porarily removed, not by removing the
cause, but . by deadening the nerves of
feeling the irritation is not felt although
it Is still there and. will promptly return.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets is the be*t
remedy to remove catarrhal secretion,
whether In the. nose, throat or stomach,
because they are composed of whole-
some antiseptics like icucolyptol. Guala-
col, SaiiKuinuria and Hydrastln; when you
use these tablets you know what you are
putting Into your system and not taking
chances with cocaine, opiates or similar
poisons found in so many catarrh cures
and cough medicines.
People who have used sprays, inhalers,
salves and washes for catarrh and have
found how useless and Inconvenient they
are. will be agreeably surprised at results
following- the use of a pleasant. Internal
remedy In tablet form; druggists every-
where admit that Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets, which they sell at 50 cents for full
sized treatment, is the safest, most ef-
fective and I popular of all catarrh rem-
edies.
Remarkable Cures of Catarrh.
A Simple Internal Remedy Hakes
SURPRISING RESULTS.
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1OOO shtes of Pacific Crude Oil
Company's stock, operating in the
McKittrick and Sunset Districts,
now boring tneir second -well,; with
noh-as&€ssabla stock, 'having been
incorporated under the laws of AtI-
zona v which provides (THAT PRI-
VATE PROPERTY IS EXEMPT
FROM -.CORPORATE DEBT) Arizona
law, 25c per share on easy, terms.
On the 10th; of November this
company struck a gusher on section
24-30-21. -¦.' : ; : .:•:¦•=: -:. : !, : ; f;-v -yg %f\
Apply at the office of JAMES R. T.
MERSHON, Oil, Xaiid and Stock
Broker, 537-538-539 Parrott Bldg.
. • • Sihc |p«jrKd oil 6f/. ¦ '• >
BDTTL^Uj THE DjItlLLERY'
} | PURE-AS!fe»HDli5dM£ . •
Used in Me Met/feat Departments of the
U.S. ARMY NAVY Service
William Wolff $ co.
San fRANCisco, distributors.
Srwort of //ttifaf/aiti or njit/ed Boft/es.
EVERY LATEST
Straight Front, .
Hand-Made
SAPPHIRE
CORSETS
$3.00 1» $15.00
PER PAIR. ¦ ¦ •
10 Gearu St.,
CORNER KEARNT.
CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
Royal Worcester Cor>
•et-Fltttnc Parlors.
| ~ '¦
Woet&
Cftcmdoa
Th« Largest and" Oldest Champagne House In
the World.
White Seal (Grande Cuvee). of ex-
ceptional bouquet and dry dryness;
_^ — Court journal. -
WILLIAM WOLFF A CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents. 329 Mirkat St, B.f.
HATT.RO AP TRAVKIw
CAUFOMinORTimSERN 8Y. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY;
TTBTJRON FERRY-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
8mn Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:38. t:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:«. S:30.
5:10. 1:39 p. ra. Thursday!— Extra trip at UU>
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: l:S0. 3:50. S:M.
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-€:10. 7:69. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:«.
8:40. 6:10 p. in. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1.(5
and 8:35 p. m.
BUNDATS- 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : l:<0, *:40. 6:08.
(:35 p. ra.
Between Ean Francisco and Schaetiea Park.
tame ichfilule an above.
Leave J In Effect I ArrlT«
¦ 6an francleco. [Nov. 7. 1900. | San Francisco.
"Week J Sun- I • I Sun- I Week
Day*, f days. [ Destination. | dayi. | Days.
7:S0 am 8 :00 am Norato. 10:40 am 8:43 am
1:30 pm t:50 am Petaluma. 6:0S pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm SanUt Rosa- ~:2Z pro <:O pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdstrarr.
' Lytton.
CreyservlUe,
130 pm 8:00 ara| Cl<yy<rdal*. 7:36 pm l:Hgm
7:39 am ' I Hopland I I
8 .-00 am| *nd Uklah. [ 7:C pm] t.ti pm
7:30 am - 10:25 am
i 1:00 am Guernevllls. T:33 pm
8:30 pm I «:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
and . I
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Elltn. | 1:05 pm t:Kpm
, T:S0 arnl 8:00 ami 110:40 axn)10:2S am
t:SO pmf 6:00 pmf S^baatopol. 1 T:2S pm| 6:23 pm
BUgts connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whits Sulphur Sprints; at Fulton
tor Altruria; at Lytton tor Lytton Springs; at
GeyserviUe (or Skans 8prin«i: at CloverdaU
tor th« aeywtT*; at HopUnd tar Duncan
Springs, HlKbland Sprlnxs. Kelscrvllle. Carl»-
pad Bpringa, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprlncs; at Uklah far Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprtnss. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John ¦ Day's. Rlrenlde. ' Uerley'B. BuckneU'a.
eanhedrta Hetirbta. Hullville. Ori-« Hot Sprtncs.
Mendocino City. • Fort ¦• Bran. , "W«Btport. Uaal.
Wlllets. Laytonvile. CummTao, Beirs Bprlnja.
\ Harris, Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
6w*d rate*. ¦ "
On Sunday*. • roaad'trtv ticket* to all points
fceyond Baa Rafael at aalf raies.
IVAet oiflc«. <80 Market st, Chronlolo boild-
III*. :--•¦- ¦ ' . it. A. KTAJV,
H.C. WHITING, Gea. Pug. Aft.
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
X . ¦;¦:;•:; \' : $s£^: WeDont
"'¦'¦¦¦¦. ; ; :l ' I*- I j \ 'Twixt me. and you we'll
'. , '"':¦'.'"¦¦ "J^L \ % tell you howwc tuy and
I sell R«gs and Carpets.
¦.¦•'¦' ¦':. WVe're a mill house. We pay only one profit and that to the
. nu'!? Ordinary dealers are not on the same footing with U3. We're
. V^J^ saving many persons many dollars — we'll do the same by you.
-f -BECAUSE WE ARE SELLING OUT
¦':'. I BIG ART RUGS. 15x20 feet. JpS.SO, worth $1500.
: I :- . Smaller sizes from #3.OO to ip4.SO.
JAPANESE RUGS, all sizes, from 40c to $7.68.
I ; AXMINSTER RUGS, 92.IJ0 to V : yj,
I WILTON RUGS. 91.3."» to 945.OO.
\ . Beautiful and durable BOSTON FIBER RUGS. 84c to
V #0.4:5/ in various sizes.
§Do You Want a Carpet in a Minute?
. *& Sewed, ready. to be walke d on. We have sixty of them— the cele-
• mJ brated Kidderminster— from twenty- to thirty yards each— -gooj
"^ designs and colors: reversible —
30 dents a. Yard
ART CARPET SHOP, 228 POWELL ST.
M -f^ffiggSMidSP^^^ IS THE ENGINEER OF OUR FATE. If she uses lard ESpecial Dispatch to The CalL
SEATTLrE, Dec 1.— The steamship Cen
tennial arrived this afternoon, from Nome
November 8, with the disabled steamer
Santa Ana in tow. The latter vessel lost
two propeller blades shortly after leav
ing Nome and was picked up by the Cen
tennial on November 10 and towed into
Dutch Harbor. In the delay Incident to
picking up the disabled vessel the Centen
nial ran out of coal and to reach Dutch
Harbor It was necessary to break up a
lot of the temporary superstructure, put
up during the summer, and the lumber ln
the cattle stalls for fuel. In this way the
two vessels made Dutch Harbor on No
vember 16, where coal for the remainder
of the voyage was obtained and whence
they sailed on November 21.
The Centennial dumped into this city
twenty-two men of disreputable character
¦who were ordered out of Nome by the
peace ollicers and wnose passage was
paid by subscriptions -jf Nome merchants.
The deportation of the disorderly classes
was decided upon- just before the Centen
nial left Nome and 'tne local authorities,
assisted by the military, rounded up as
many of the roughs of the camp as was
possible ln a short time.
A committee of the Chamber of Com
merce rustled a fund of $773, and after
much persuasion the officers of the Cen-
Steamship Centennial Lands
Undesirable Visitors
at Seattle.
NOME DEPORTS
HER THUGS TO
COAST CITIES
; Mr. C-o.KSwell was last seon alive shortly
before noon. ¦ Ho; dirt hot appear for din
rer,.but his' wife' ireli'eved he' had gone to
£.to.ckton : and- noj. ahirm w.as felt at the
tim-e. .He. had acr«? p d to 'be at ;th«? bank
At 2 o'clock this.- afternoon and Cashier
Ferdun waited until closing time for him.
•As the day wore on llrr, Cogswell grew
cneasjv Fifcajly :she no.Ulled her, parent.*
pf her husfcarni's'.stranse absence : and a
search parry -.va.q lor^ar.i^ed-. At 6 o'clock
Charles, and knies hussell, two of *h»!
Tarty, entered Cogswell's 'stabli 1 . Up in
the loft, on the heschay, lay tire body of
the-iinlsslng banker -oid in. death.. By his
side .was a revolver, -me chamber empty.
Evidently he had! p'.aceJ the barrel of the
LOD1. Dec.- 1.— Francis. ¦ CogswelK -vie*
pr*^i<3eht of the J3ank ntf I^OQi. committed
.suicide here thi-s. afternoon by* shooting.
himself;" with ' a-= revolver. The tragedy
was enacted in a ! stable at the rear of his
residence."- ¦ . ' ¦ . ¦ ¦ •
Bpecijil Dispatch to The CalL
Francis j Cogswell Commits
¦¦ Suicide in the Hayloft
¦--¦.:¦ of His Stable.;
VICE PRESIDENT
OF A LODI BANK
ENDS HIS LIFE
SUISUN, Dec. L— Abraham Golden, who
was found guilty of grand larceny, was
to-day sentenced to six years ln*Kol6om.'
He stole several colls of copper wire, the
property of the Bay Counties Power Com
pany.
Golden Gots to Folsom.
REDDING, Dec 1.— Burglars looted th«
Gambrinus beer hall ln this" city last
night, taking from the cash register a
small . amount of change. The burglars
overlooked a large sum of money secreted
beneath tne bar.
Burglars Rob. a Beer Hall.
It was learned to-day that when Ber
tolas reached his wife, directly after the
shooting, he kissed her passionately and
sobbed that' he was sorry and did not
mean to hit her and that she replied that
she would forgive him. It Is rumored ln
the neighborhood ln which the couple
lived that Bertolas was extremely Jeal
ous of his wife, who is a young, winsome
woman. The officers appear to place but
little confidence In Bertolas' story of a
burglary committed in his house on the
evening preceding the shooting.
Bertolas. It Is said, has made several
statements in regard to the case that do
not quite coincide., His first explanation
was that he was lying in bed when he
heard what he thought was a burglar en
tering the house and that he got up and
took a shot at the Intruder. It was later
learned that Bertolas was fully dressed
when he reached the house where hla
wife sought shelter on being shot and that
he arrived almost as soon as she did.
When asked to account for this Bertolas
said that he was down in his cellar when
he beard the noise of some one entering:
the house. Asked where his wife had
been he said that he did not know.
; STOCKTON Dec. L— The mystery that
surrounds the shooting of Mrs. Bertolas
by her husband last Thursday night is
far from being cleared. The woman is at
St. Joseph's Home and It Is expected that
she will recover. She has refused to
speak about the shooting except to say
again and again that she and her husband
had had no quarrel.
His Wife Tells Conflicting
Stories.
Stockton Citizen Accused of Shooting
Deceased was 39 veara of age and a
mfiEtcr of the Odd Fellows and Masonic
orders. He had the confidence and respect
of the community.
— — O ii— • ¦
MYSTERY SURROUNDS
THE BEBTOLAS AFFAIB
Francis Cogswell was a native of Bos
ton. Mass., where his parents. Colonel and
Mrs. Cogswell, now reside. His father is
a prominent citizen of the Hub City be
fides owning large 'nterests In Florida.
N. M. Cocrswell. brother of the deceased,
is in San Francisco with Hale Bros. Fran
cis Cogswell located here late in the
cferhti^s and through his efforts the Bank
Of L«odi was organized shortly afterward.
It has always been rated as a safe and
strong Institution, having passed through
the financial crash of 1?94 without a
iremor. It is not believed that financial
difficulties were at the bottom of to-day's
sad affair. Ex-Senator B. F. Langford is
president of the bank a.nd C. M. Ferdun
cashier. ' •_'. ¦¦-
•weapon in his mouth and pulled the tri?
ger, sending a ball crashing- through his
brain. The bullet was found embedded ln
the skull in the top of his head. The dead
man's coat, vest and liat lay on the hay
near by. The body was removed to the
house to await the arrival of the Coron'.T
to-nijjht.
The widow Is prostrated, the shock b<>
lngr all the harder beca jse of the domestic
hp.ppiness of herself and husband. NeiUier
Jklrs. Cogswell nor the closest friends of
the deceased qan give the remotest reason
for the suicide. Mr. Cogswell seemed to
be in his usual happy frame of mind this
forenoon and- chatted freely. From what
can he learned it is believed that he com
mitted suicide at about 3 o'clock this att
crrioon. '.,- v
Home comfort during the winter month*
is secured by Barter's odorless oil heaters.
Remember, money back if not satlsfao
tory. Chas. Brown & Son," 807 Market
street, near Fourth, San Francisco. •
ed here for nineteen years. She was 44
years of age. An Inquest will be held to
morrow.
Philadelphia to Go Southward.
VALLEJO, I>ee. I. — The cruiser Phila
delphia was taken from the drydock thl3
morning. She will take on coal on Mon
day and on Tuesday will sail for San Di
ego, on the way to "Valparaiso and Inter
mediate ports. Sixty landsmen will be
taken for the battleship Iowa, now off San
Diego, and the Philadelphia Is taking
thirty landsmen for herself. They will be
ertven a training preHminary to transfer t*
the new battleship Wisconsin: wansfer *•
Jnry Sustains the Color line.
D*c. l.-The.Mrr to the suit
of Emmett P. Holmes vs. the W&ahlnsr.
ton Water Power Company returned a
verdict thla morning In favor of th© a»
fendant. Holmes waa refused food at a.
restaurant owned by the company be
cause he was a colored man. He daman*
ed COCO damages. It Is Calmed 5S?&
this decision colored man may be exclud
ed from any restaurant or saloon. *-""*
SELECTING THE SITE
FOR COALING STATION
Admiral Bradford Puts in an After
noon on the Shores of San
Diego Bay.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 1.— Admiral R. B.
Bradford arrived this noon to select the
site for the coaling station which is to be
established here. There Is no doubt that
the station will te located on the bay, but
there were three or four sites under con
sideration, and the admjral spent the aft
ernoon tramping over the shores of the
bay looking at them- Two are on the mil
itary reservation at Point Loma, and It Is
likely that one of them wlil be selected.
One has the advantage of having deep
water almost up to the shore, but- with
little level ground near It. The other, has
ample ground, but wharves of some length
would have to be built.
While here Admiral Bradford is the
guest of the Chamber of Commerce. It is
his first visit to San Diego, and he ex
pressed : himBelf as being delighted with
the location of the city and the landlocked
condition of the bay. -
Yolo County Oil Lands.
WOODLAND, Dec. 1.— M. A. Nurse, en
gineer to the Commissioner of Public
Works, and several associates have filed
mineral locations on about 2G00 acres of
land in "Western Yolo. The presumption
is that It Is rich in oil deposits.
tennial were prevailed upon to accept the
undesirable passengers at $22 50 a head.
The men were herded on board the Cen
tennial in charge of a deputy marshal.
They wero met at the wharf to-day by
Ch!of of Police Meredith and several local
detectives, who spotted a number of the
most undesirable and ordered them to
move farther along. Among these were
Red Kelly. Nick Burley. Ed Dolan, Deaf
Mike, the Jew Kid and Billy Cooper. Cur
ley Carr, the prizefighter, was put aboard
at Nome, but managed to escape while the
Centennial was in Dutch Harbor, and no
attempt was made to recapture him. No
especial charge was preferred against any
of these men at Nome, but the people*
wanted to be rid of them.
About fifty of the Centennial's passen
gers were officers and sailors from four
boats wrecked on the Alaskan coast In
October. . These wrecks were the schoon
ers Seven Sisters, Rube L. Richardson
and Fischer Brothers and the steamer
Cleveland. .;»:
MRS. ST. CLAIR'S BODY
FOUND IN A WELL
Discovery That Clears tlie Mystery
of a Disappearance at Los
Angeles:
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 1.— The discovery
of the. body of Mrs. Maiy St. Clalr in an
abandoned .well at 174 Hewitt street thl»
afternoon has cleared the mystery of her
disappearance eleven days ago during the
heavy, storm.' On the evening of Novem
ber : 21 St. > Clair retired earlier than hla
wife. Subsequently he awoke and found
her absent, but It was not until she failed
to appear to cook his breakfast that he
became alarmed. "£*£S&dww*S«ag3&K^
Several days elapsed.. but as Mrs. St.
Clair had ¦ previously absented herself for
short periods he kept his own counsel and
did not inform hi3 wife's sister till last
Friday. Subsequently that lady, a Mrs.
Garrity, was troubled . by a dream ; In
which, she declared, her sister implored
her help from drowning. Mrs. Ganity In
sisted on an investigation and finally per
suaded St. Clair .to explore the depths of
an - abandoned t well near his house. The*
.body' was almost covered by earth, the
well having caved in when the woman
fell. The assistance ' of * the Fire Depart
ment was enlisted for the exhumation.
The s theory is advanced ' that ¦: Mrs.- St
Clalr had approached the well to pick up
an evening paper which, had been thrown
thereby a' carrier 'and that the grround,
which was soft, gave" way beneath her.
She must have fallen sixty-four feet. 4
Mr. and Mr«. St.- Clair were married In
Fort Scott, Kana., In 1874. and have resld-
Special Dispatch to The CaXL
SACRAMENTO, Dec 1.— At a meeting
of the directors of the State Board of
Agriculture to-day it was decided to make
a radical move, toward the converting of
the present Agricultural Park racecourse
into residence lots and the establishment
of another racecourse, at least tempo
rarily, in the unoccupied area lying to the
eastward of the present park. A com
mittee was appointed to Investigate as to
the feasibility of such a movement and
report at the next meeting of the board-*
January 12.
It was expecjed that the board would
at to-day's session elect a secretary to
fill the vacancy caused by the election of
Peter J. Shields to the Superior . bench,
it was decided, however, to defer the elec
tion to a date to be fixed later, and Harry
Louden, one of. Mr. Shields' office force,
was chosen to occupy the position • until
a permanent choice shall have been mado.
There are many aspirants for the position,
but It is said that the directors are abso
lutely unpledged to any of them.
The retirement^ of Peter J. Shields from
the position of secretary was made the
occasion to-day of several addresses tes
tifying to the esteem In which he is held
by the directors and to their satisfaction
at his promotion, through the votes of the
people, to judicial honors. ¦
A committee of the directors was Ap
pointed to confer with Governor Gage and
endeavor to obtain his co-operation In a
plan to pay oft the debt of the agricul
tural societies. .
Investigate.
State Board of Agriculture
Names a Committee to
PLAN FOR NEW
RACETRACK AT
THE CAPITAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 190U
20
•••! V/i\««t f - -r---r.r. nnrviuij '.»rrr,n« >••' rr -^
A continuation andenlargement of the policy that has made the most pronounced success in current literature. The keynote of McClure's Magazine is human interest ; the record of
human activities and achievements, whether put into the form of fiction, historical 5ketches, biographical articles or descriptions of inventions and narrations of travel and exploration. .McClure's
Magazine contains whatever is vital, wholesome and stimulating in the life and literary productof our time. i ; .
"'¦'¦¦' -PI TIWAPn K\P\ ING'S "KIM" N**t to the Ground. MORE DOLLY DIALOGUES. '/sMii
I\iJ 1/ I Xa> M^^JL-A 11^3.11 i_-^ill N /Vjl *~S JL^Rt S9 Entertaining Studies of Farm Ufe and Country Custona i R v ANTHONY HOPF &£&'$&/
.-, , .. r -, • ¦., ', . by MARTHA McCULLOCH-WILUAMS. V nwi c. £^[Wk
A GREAT NOVEL OF LIFE IN INDIA. /-^V philosophy, its failures, its hopes and M rs, WILLIAMS grew upon i ium In Tenn«». TT is some years sine* we all lost sight of that &$|fe3
/W'^S^b'i. tragedies. Mr. rLlpling has USed India . *?» '¦••From infancy srie HvedimongpUntj, animals and ! 1 dainty, flirtatious, elusive "Dolly," whose
~" ////^^^^^. 0F hi5 Setting With marvellous effect. Insects and knows them as thetoows her mother tonfue.|i conversations with Mr. Carter set fhs English- % nT
IN THF iSFPFMRFR NIIMRFR Will //iJJ/\£$8^$L And the keynote of the story is the These articles bring one close^o Mother Earth. Sh«: speaking world agog with delight. Now the de- |k
. 7 uc -^ J>lDca lNUniDLrv win A/////^^T^^t\ secret service of India— the iriifihiHnn wrlte " with that knowledg« of deWlthxt comes only from lectable Dolly apoears again on the scene, and in /^[_-.'
be found the opening chapter of /y/wJ/^&WM fhafke^ tlie Bri«sh infnrmTrf n^ long and intimate assocution. she teib of the Becsand (Mote Dolly Dialogues Mr. Anthony Hope supplies /&r^SSL
. "Kim," One 6f the greatest novels ////if 2«JwSPi; \vl Hi lul • I ° a Birds « the Hounds ' the Horscs ' tte Ho^ the "» with conversatioos more delightful than ever.
that has appeared in this generation. fW//§ <^fSW h™ h^rse tmders and iJEfd™ <^.^«^«-«*-.wi* «-.-«-. I nitrated by Howard Chandler Christy.
, ,, . rr . , r", , \vg I tjvk r v Ttf, Dcggars, noise iiducra <inu raKirs, aanc— . — . — , . ~~ .
In this wondrous story of adventure, \M Ifft ?^# ing girls and detectives pass over, the "'•i V*/Vr WIM TM^ r^ Z\ T-l^ffi ?»
comparable to Robinson Crusoe, whose \WM t ?Hi'J' stage in rapid succession. Besides be- : i * "*^ %*J*/-\> 1 MZ^^^m
chief characters are an Irish ragamuf- ing a novel of surpassing interest, it is \ By ELIZABETH STUART PHELPS.
fin of the streets and an ancient lama s^sfHyL a era ry illumination of a marvellous A/l^* PHELPS-WARD, author of * 4 The Gates Ajir," gives in dramatic form Ker matured
of Thibet, the reader is given pictures /f ]{fff y***^/ lw*\ People, of a mysterious religious phil- l * beliefs as to -the great problems of Life Death and the Resurrection. The drama
of people and places and a mighty in- * |// 4 j y </// \ osophy of a land more varied than carries the characters from this world to the next, and the action involves the problem of
sight into human life, its problems, its .kim.»mt. Df u, hst ,H m anywhere in the world. Redemption. It is certain to attract world- wide attention.
STAGITmEMORIES. I ~ STn^TNOCTCL^ --.¦ -,--^ in THE WORLD OF GRAFT.
Recollections of i jUdte on the Sfcse by McCtare's Magazine has for years presented BURR, the JACKON-CALHOUN imbroglio and the Signing Stephen R. Mallory, Secretary of the Confederate Navy. l^^'^f^^t^^^^SSrhSut!^!'.^
Clara Morris. | , Amerten Hislorv For the comin'a ? f THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE ire among They graphldllv tell of the FALL OF RICHMOND, the Magazine. ' ' V-
OF living American actresses. * "'"IT"- . Pu&TOF^CABmET .nd thecattureof jbf- b , josi 8 ah flynt. , .
V-r nnnp ha« arhi^vpH fnmp — "COLONIAL FIGHTS AND FIGHTERS." rtKlUH UAV1^ - J 1 HIS author, so well known for his stones of criminals
none lias acn e\ea ian.e DRAMATIC EPISODES IN AMERICAN HISTORY. By CYRUS TOWNSEND BRADY ¦ DISBANDING OF THE ARMIES. i and tramodom. has made searching, original Investijnu-.
and SUCCeSS equal tO Uara By IDA M. TARBELU DE SOTO, FRONTENAC and PEPPERELL are among ¦ By-IDAM. TARBBLL. -' | : ' &"* **?« ?h^ iSMi^lrS^rti^SSJ Sf^ "^JS? '
Morris, i Her rise was full Of who.^theauthorofthe "Life of Lincoln," «LifeofNa- . h,s subjects for th. n« future. Two artid« .prepared after great research ...deaHng^th ;
hardships and against obstacles oTii^z^l^^ UNPUBLISHED CHAPTERS. Kom" h^So"^ SSI : hi ? h?st value - sct forth . conditions «? thev are - ?**
almost insurmountable. HOW j eventsfpresTnted'ink neTdress^The TrlaVSf ' AARON ' Thatj^ajaMtJ^u^i^ti^ papers left ty^ articles of un« v*™£?*[ " ° '^ "^ |: co^^OOTe^a^'if^^S^Sce con^* 0 * 1 h ° W £%l
this frail, friendless girl fought s~~~~~~~~~~~~^ v f \ » n oT I * I
her way from the lowest round : Tales of_a Merry Monarch. rTOpig Of me WOOQS. of the For«t by w. p. hulbert. Mones of Wall Street j=^& ;, Q rea | Character
tO the highest rank in her -pro- s R Adventures of JamwV. C^^W- y HESE are d«criptlons of anirnal life by one who has Hyed long In Ulurfraiing Remarkable Incidents of the Financial /^/A |u T HE Most Us3ul Citizen Of New
feSSlOn IS One Of the mOSt re- of Scotlcnd. by ROBERT BARR. * thC W °°? S fi ld £ eea u *5, e VW'! 1 ™ , of . s . omc «»? % k f n ob- World, by ntJ'Vek ' "orlT »?Mr Jacob ,RI s. hvTHr?
... .. • .< ». NX CVis~» ) sti\£T of others Mr Hullvrt no f onlv knows his friends 'veil '> j IT 1 Jtf\ — Iur " •i»ir. jzcou i\ns!, nv. I tic-
markable records in dramatic THESE have been heretofore an- gj* if ¦ buthewrlteso^^ EDWIN LEPEVRE. (.0^^ ODOREROOSEVELT,Vi«-Pre S ldent
history Miss A\orris writes as \ nounced as the "JIMMY" Stories, \ inimitable charm. Thesi \ 1A/HILE these are fiction, they are Jyy// I l&m bPCt *
uv>ll *\\h* nrr^. 9hf- t?lk th* because by this pet name this uncon- J^^y'V\ are n ? A ab l ol " tel y «^W^ i • based on actual or typical events //// ! , Wl t / COUNT LEOTOLSTOY.by ANDREW
7t0^0f h rtrhis and triumjhf ventional 'rnonarc^ .as known to his «//V jSSSSuffU&^S of- "The Street" They ta flood MJlk LL. a. Am^sadortoGer-
¦s v or> Oj n.r iruib anu inunip.ib , pe O pie. aniontr whom he olien travelled 7) V\ nature whereby we mav of light on the way financial transac- bLPMl T^^.^rx ; .
with dramatic power. Her | and revelled in disuse. Someofth-se V|. f M know them from their ' tions are carricd On - The^ involve '^4g @M :¦ i er fw^ CR0KE R- by William^Ai-
reminiscences of the great j adventures are told with characteristic /* t' jown standpoint so far is jt^ &*&* i &>*£i*2*i&mfom j pathos, humor, romance and tragedy. v -*\-S tu ' : *
men and women of her pro- humor by Air. Barr. Rob«tii«,. j this u P° ssible - r T^ioo*. ~{\ f . They are written from actual knowledge. m?»tuh~ | : manSrv " a t^,n hn 1 ?!^
fession will be found of ex- CHAnT K^nr rr TMif\ 1 P^\ +k* v^ » w*x~* U T H E NEWEST SCIENCE John wilkes booth, tyChra
traordinary in- blUJK I I^IC'llUiN V^ y _ BeSt^ WrtterSt ' THEyery fattest dlsomrles in science, the newest improvements «nd Morris. » Py > UT *
iereKt S h e ttf^S^**, ' • ' : ' the most important application in novel uiys, all that represents ~~" . .
«r,-ii +lii '^^&i\ We shall have the choicest short stories ever offered the American public. A few of the / •. progress of the wond m tws gmt branch of human en- A fl Encyclopedia of Bnsine^
Will tell 01 i. -\ l mi u deavor will be found In our pages. Some forthcoming articles: ; uwjwu^uiu ui uuamcM,
JOEl CHANDUR HARR., SAP^MWETT W.UIAM M RA.NE. ' «^ LV f ,^ B1^ JN"!™^ [%£!%£&£%£$%*.
. c ,. ff&vSi t\ jull uirtnuLci^ nftRKu sAKAn UKixc jcwcii. .. WILLIAM M. KAIINC By Professor Ira Remien, of Johns Hopkins University. are prepared with ail the sktn and artisuo
La%*Tcnce Barrett. (RWfl >f Tales of Ule In the Soutb. Stories of Domestic UU. Romantlf Stories of Bysona Dayi in Eajlaad Lh= Df=irH«:AN«TAl T r,«~.«w-. I »K««*«~ It A™U A K^JL : "fellence which peat commercial «t«2
io,«-K !.»»«» tzhtSSli » FPANK - THE KE'CnSANSTALT — Germany • Laboratory of Applied Science prises can employ. They show better thaii
HAML.N GARLAND. ' ' FREDERIC REMINGTON. | »^ p «>££"* -— * [VWS? S*J& uK,»^
other St., in P^^# «.-*«*«« NORMAN A ,*Wl— «***.***. i T " EBOT p T r°oriS» fished by Sb John gffig S^^o^^ J^. S2SS "g
the dramatic T^oa. : A W''' JACK LONDON. JOSEPHINE DODGE DASKAM. EDITH WYATT. ! THE NEW NIAGARA, by Rollin Lynde Hartt. ltoot5aTSe. M^eV t aS cmaiSy^S g-Val
ment. . Tales of ure m Alaska. Tai' s of Child Ufe. Stories of Chlcaca '• The wonders Ip applied mechanics achieved by the falling voters. Importance and replete with artlstlo at-
:• ._••¦ -i. . ntra Morris ln 157a tractions. $&£§& : '.-.' ' :
lioo A year S. S. McCLUS^E CO., 155- 'Fyt 25th ¦¦¦St.; New York City, ten cents a copy
Leather Goods
Pocket Books
Purses, Etc; j
All sorts of leather goods for children, young people, men "
and women. " - ¦
, Purchased in Paris by our special buyer— shipped dirwtto' '
us by way of Panama— little freight, little profl:, Ihtle prices. .-
Com Parses. The best book We have !a
,',,,,,, , , . made of genuine allijfator
Men s black Morocco leather leather, elegantly finished* =
coin purses— most convenient contains seven apartment*-^ ¦ *• :
size, ball clasp, two apart- different sizes $«
mentvsteel frame nveted «c The same . 3
Same in chamois skin 35c except in seal leather $a.n
Larger size, same style, bet-
ter finish, 65 cents and soc Children s Chatelaines.
Women's coin purses, seal l n red ue and jrenuine alii- • '•
leathers nickeled steel trim- gator leather, with brass and'
mings; ball clasp, two apart- nickel chains with hook to
ments; chamois finish inside; hane to belt roe
high as $1.25, low as 6bc
Card Cases, Etc H Me d n ' s Tfavelin f Cases -
... , . ' Handsome case in soft, stout
Women s cardcase and pock- leather about seven inches
et-book. Plain black leather. square; has patent clasp. ¦
metal corners; larsre apart- nickel plated. This is a use- '
ment for cards; patent clasp fttl present for a man. as it
on coin apartment 2j;c always comes in handy .when .
Imitation alligator . pocket- traveling $5
book and cardcase: a double
frame—one under each flap. ClgSir CflSSS.
containing two apartments. -n. *. .. t 1 j
four in all. Steel riveted They fit the coat pocket and
frame, patent clasp; for cards h . oId fr Tt C1 * ht ' HJ"!
and coin 7 , c - n K ars - A large assorteent • .
~ ¦•¦«.. , »n many styles from $5 down
Genuine alligator pocket- to - ' "We
book and cardcase; two open ¦ • w . • •
apartments; one close for ¦ NeCeSSariCS. ..
coin— patent clasp* ; Soc Vest pocket cases; contain S&3
Same as above, but better «mall comb, mirror, button-
finish . 75C, hook, nail cleaner. $1.25 to ' 2$c
Market Street, San Francisco.
T^M^ Broadway and Tenth S\, Oakland ?Fj^ •
. ' .. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Suhstanti&if Men
Cannot be •well fitted unless their apparel
Is made to order.
¦ The puits at Joe PoheSm, the Tailor, are
perfect, giving a man perfect form, look
ing stylish and inad« at moderate prices.
J^ine Piauc suits -.to order - •
..r Sio.oO tO $40
Business- suits In all shades
' -.:•• • :...813.5O to Ksr.
Overcoats *15 to S4O
Pant* ,.... S4.5O to «12
JOEPOHEIM,
: ' 201 and 203 Montgomery street. S. F.
• - ' 1110 and 1112 Market street. S. F.
. '"-• \liZ.S, Spring street. Los Angeles.
.NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
••I/EABNI ANU WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
*V modeled and renovated. KINO. WABD A
mo. European plan.. Kootna, Me to II &0 day;
Ii to If week; ti to 120 month. Free baths; hot
•atf cold water every room: fire prates la every
Mfti «tov*iar ran «U «i«bc
; \ .
(fczTT" 1TTr^ r ~V^~~"rr > ~ — """' ""!"'¦'» ¦•¦ v; - a" \
I Because at $S«j the pair, they are reasonable In price— then,
j too, they prevent colds and coughs, which are "expensive
things. - '. ¦¦¦¦¦' •¦¦¦¦•..¦
With ABSOLUTELY WATERPROOF LEATHk£
CORK SOLES and a COMELY APPEARANCE, aretft
they a BARGAIN? : * ¦
; Made bv BUCKINGHAM & HECHT: sold only at
788-740 Market Street, San Eraneiseo.
Mall Orders filled — Address Department O
IUl : ; .-¦.¦-. ._-, ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ M||||| mFell in Attack qn|||ierl
||||||ffl|Sil|||§i|fe^ei\^ With Military Honors.
TRANSPORT THOMAS ARRIVES
WITH COLONEL LISCUM'S BODY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SUNDAY, DECEMBER , S, 1900.
THE' HERO OF TIENTSIN, THE THOMAS. ON WHICH HIS REMAINS WERE BROUGHT FROM NAGASAKI.
• AND MRS, LISCUM. LIEUTENANT COLONEL LEE AND PARTY AS THEY WERE LEAVING THE TRANS
PORT TO COME ASHORE LAST EVENING. .
Cost cf Fitting TJp City Offices.
The Superintendent of Public Buildings
Did you ever see an oil heater which was
absolutely odorless? We've got It. and It's
Barler's, and wp guarantee It. Chas.
Brown & Son. 807 Market street, near
Fourth, San Francisco. •
Woodmen at a Dance.
Last Friday night Western Addition
Camp, Woodmen of the World, was the
hoat at an entertainment and dance In the
social hall of the Alcazar building. The
function, given to the friends of the camp,
was under the direction of Dr. F. A. Me
Mahon, A. L. Adam, E. H. Winder, J. J.
Morrlssey and Dr. W. D. Clark. As a pre- I
liminary to the dance. C. E. Rankin enter
tained with Chinese specialties. M. de
Rocco gave a recitation, the Bennett sis
ters charmed with their coon songs.
Frank Meagher recited and the little Ber
lin sisters pleased with specialties. The
guests were treated to refreshments and
dancing was kept up until midnight.
Winding TJp Business.
Only a few days left and all men's cloth
ing will be gone". Men's all-wool cheviot
suits, In black and gray, worth $12, I will
sell to-morrow for $4 85. Every suit must
be gone within the next two weeks at the
clothing assignee sale of the Boston. 77o
Market street, near Fourth. P. O. Kelly,
assignee. ,,-A
filed with the Board of Supervisors yester
day an estimate of the expense of fitting
up the offices in the City Hall as follows:
Office of Justice's clerk, $2420; Sheriff,
$2380: Registrar, $573; Board of Works,
$745; Tax Collector. $500: Board of Health.
J110; Judge Coffay, «76: City Attorney.
$125; Justices of the Peace. ?500; Super-
Visors', chambers, $457. Total. $7887.
1S7S, when the yellow fever scourge visited
that city, he remained at his post as -on
operator when the death record was • 1W
per day. He left Vlck&burg and went to
8t. LouIb and Chicago -tnd was in Chicago
in 1883 during the opfrators' strike and
was one, of the strikers. ¦ .
Eleven years Ago he went to El Pasa,
Texas, as local manager of the Western
Union and earned promotion by the man*
ner in which ho handled the prize fight
there between Fltzsimmons and Mahei in
1896.
Three years ago Mr. Steele was trans
ferred to this city ana made • Pacific
Coast manager to fill tho Vacancy
caused by the resignation of W. J. Mar
tin to take charge of the business depart
ment of the San Francisco Call. Mr.
Steele's employment from boyhood to
death covered fully twinty-five years.
Mr. St<?ole was merried In El Paso to
the beautiful nleco .if Mrs. Sarah Gist,
a widow, one of th« most remarkably
beautiful women of the Southwost. Two
children were born to them. The mother
and two^ sisters of deceased reside In
Vlcksburg. ,
Arrangements for the funeral will be
completed to-day.
FRANK R. STEELE. Pacific Coast
manager of the Western Union
Telegraph Company, fell : dead,
presumably from heart disease,
while returning to his homo In
Oakland on the 4:45 o'clock narrow gauge
ferry-boat yesterday afternoon. Mr.
Steele was slttingr In the cabin on the
lower deck, quietly reading a newspaper,
when he suddenly gave a moan of pain
and lurched forward, falling off his seat
before assistance reached him. He ex
pired almost Instantly.
Physicians on the boat responded quick
ly, but the patient was pronounced dead.
There was not a person on the boat who
knew Mr. Steele, and his body remained
unidentified for some time after death
occurred. As soon as the steamer reached
the Alameda pier the body was removed
to the Oakland train. Coroner. Mehrmann
was notified and the remains were taken
from the train when It arrived at Four
teenth and Franklin street station, Oak
land." and removed to the morgue. When
the deputies searched the clothing docu
ment* were found which disclosed the
identity of the body. .-
Mr. Gteele's residence Is a pretty cot
tage at 2431 Piedmont avenue, where bis
Mr. Steele had been ailing for some tlnio
and had been under treatment' for optical
difficulty as well as a heart trouble, but
his condition was not deemed serious or
in any way alarming. He had been at his
post of duty without interruption.
Manager Steele had been in the employ
of the Western Union Telegraph Company
since his boyhood. By perseverance and
application and fidelity he had risen from
a humble position to that of manager
of one of the largest departments in tho
company's service. Although only 37
years of age he wa» one of the most com
petent men In the great corporation's
employ. He was a natlvo of vlckabur.r,
Miss., and entered the telegraph com
pany'a eervico as . a, messenger bar. la
wife and two young children were await
ing hie home-ooming. The Coroner's dep
uties went to neighbors and through them
the news of her husband's death was
broken to Mrs. Steele shortly - after 7
o'clock this evening. The shock was a
terrible one, as nothing more remote than
the thoupht of death had been in the be
reaved wife's mind. Friendly hands took
charge of affairs until the .news of the
death could be transmitted to the West
ern Union Telegraph : Company In this
city. As quickly as possible several of
the late manager's assistants were dis
patched to the residence to take charge of
the household affairs and the arrange
ments for the funeral. .
LATE HEAD OF THE WESTERN UNION ON THIS COAST. WHO DIED
SUDDENLY ON A FERRY STEAMER WHILE ON HIS WAY TO HIS
HOME IN OAKLAND.
: The United States Immigration Bureau
t! this port has just unearthed another
trri&GMX at Oriental duplicity In the mat
".ter. of ircportirg women to this country
toi irr.n-.crai purposes.
; At the time cf the arrival of the three
gfcaxlea GcJIcncr. a. Japanese interpreter
jr&rne rimes • ' ei&p.oytd about the police
¦court*, and a .Japanese named Nakada.
¦\i-.ra to la&d them. They r>n?*ented to tne
• <u*:ipn*is lnypoctors at tne Mail aocK. three
¦c order* signed r by Uiuted States lmmigra
eifi.nt ln>;^ecior A- ii. Oeflteney. The or
.trfs w.ft not - hottozx-4 - ait<l tne women
were ¦' Kept on ;bcaru. inspector G«fleney
. ii:Q*d aitcriv-ara t.iat the 'three orders
rfcaLubf-f-u tjjri/tu »n manic by mm and had
itya n-.ssia.a. Ik- cr>u«l not account for
•i-lrj. fact -. th?t taev ccrce into possession
•cf ¦ his. l.roinpr Chunes, aiid he resigned
"his cfl'.cc Two cf the women were sent
; tiack to Japan; anf. ;he third. Sui Nlfhida.
'.a . JiVye'ar-i.ia fe>ri cf Furpas?ing beauty
•ironi the' Oriental v!owpcint, v.as detained
¦ijrj-til certain- representations made by S.
¦fi awyo ycrg : itixtcd. Thi» man, with an
;-:oil)er japancrr, «n in businers In Fresno
¦.'^»-grcc«r and labor contractor.
.rflvptity ComnxiEisloncr Scnoll visited
: Tt'.pr.o to ¦ :' xd-hjcp en. investigation and
found th.n.f.Kaneko. l>cslcies freing a gro
wer an<3 irilDor w»8 tho nroprie
' ior of. a bOU^e of HI repute In Fresno's
Oiinatcwn, :>nd that Kanoho's alleged
.vritf., po-ca!kd rlr.ter of Nlshida, was an
inn"«ait of tho.' same. «¦• ¦
Tries to Land a Japanese
•; ". : : GiH Here by False
V: ., Pretenses.
SLAVE DEALER
KANEKO FOILED
PACIFIC COAST MANAGER STEELE
OF WESTERN UNION FALLS DEAD
1G members of the hospital corps on spe
cial duty and 3 stowaways. The latter
were discovered soon after the ship left
Manila and were put to work in the flre
room. Passing coal in the tropics Is no
easy job, and the stowaways think they
have fairly earned their passage.
All of the cabin passengers on the
Thomas v.-ero landed last night', but the
veprel will not dock until Monday. The
remains of Colonel Liscum will be brought
ashore this afternoon at 2 o'clock with all
military honors. General Shafter will
send a band and a detail of cavalry- to es
cort the casket to. the ferry steamer that
will carry it across the bay. All possible
honor will be done to the memory of the
man who fell fighting for his country in a
foreign land, i
Among the others who came home on
the Thomas were 14 sailors of the United
States navy. 2S0 tick soldiers. 8 insane
men. 44 prisoners, 1 United States navy
prisoner. 75 discharged soldiers. 28 civil
ians, 5 members of the hospital corps and
Major J. A. Hull ccmes home to take
the position of advocate general under
General Shafter. He succeeds Major
Grosbcck. who is now Jn the Philippines.
Major Hull it the t<on of Congressman
Hull, chairman of the Military Committee
of the House of Representatives.
Webb Hayes is the son of the ex-Presi
dent Hayes and has been doing duty in
the Philippines, and comes home for a
well earned rest.
Rodgers (Fourth Ca%-alry), M. J. Eran, Samuel
Cohen and Miss Chaaler.
Bcjtouef ami Tca« Joined there ateo by her
.sister. Mrs. Gltson:
'¦ T^•i^ "guard o.f honor, under the command
•>>f :L4o'utcni:r:t ¦ .Colon"l L#e. remained on
.<Jii;y Qawighout the coymsa and was still
Gn duty vhea.the Th^map dropped anchor
:'-ifi-Ssn 'Francisco harbcr. '
-;"•; vi:s. 'Llscurn. her sifter. Mr. Diven and
. .-CoJar-cl- lee "landed from the traritport
'-abautO p.. in. s.r.d went to the Palace Ho-
" tej: • Tfce -party will be here for several
..i*::;.'-s and -then the remains of Colonel Lis
v<hua •Vr:;i : be shipped toWashir.frton, D. C.
•'ibr';- interment in the National Cemetery
".* ''.OiliCf p»5seripers. who came up in the
¦eabin- of Xht Thomas are:
i ": C'.ii'r>s J. A(!ain«. Ed T. Balch (first li*a
tMjnt -Th-rtr-serenth Infantry*. B. M. Itas-
r?*fc^ HJS. United : States ¦'. transport
,.i I T^qma* . arrived from Manila via
; \\ ¦': .Njairaraki ¦J'tof tcrday.- •• ' \ ; ' . . j ¦
' "Ji. *; • 'At Xa£asdki \he flags on the ves
;¦-: >" ; ¦sel were pJaceid at half mast' and
socn thpj-r after the remains of Cplonel E.
n:- ..Jyi/cum were, transferred • from •' the
Surnnertto the ;Tbomas to be brought
tiotae." ; ¦ ' ' :• . ¦ .' ';
The Safe Colonel . Liscum went- front Mar
: ti T.:iku in commind of the Ninth In
rarJiry on the Logan.. The vessel arrived
«:.;lhe Chinese, port on July. 7, and the
A me rican contingent ; at : once ' started on
fho .rharch for Tlohtsin. Three days
at^r.. -while lea^ins his men, eolonel Lls-
v.-as shot and killed Instantly. Hie
coy was placed on ' board the hospital
ship Suinner.. At Nagasaki Mrs. Liscum
and ter brother. G. :N. Diven. met the
¦ • •¦.•
musscn. : Mrs. Terrj'. T. "W. Jones (colonel
Forty^eiKhth Infantn). H. C. Galloupr. Miss
Brock; Miss Weinberjr. Mies Morrison, Dr. J.
JL Glllhuler. Gi U, Walker. Dr. V. A. Disney.
V>r: R. M. EnderK. Dr. H. Flnklestone. Mrs?
J. F. iMorrlRon. Miss Alvord. Mrs. Alvord and
two children. Mrs. C. M. Cralle. Mrs. M. C.
Custiri. l>r. J. C. Byrne. Mrs. J. C. Byrne.
Mrs. J. T. Kerr» H. A. Etevenson. A. P.
Ha>-ne. Dr. Audy Hall. S. H. Patterson. Sid
ney Aehe. Dr. C. H. Andrews. Mrs. Andrews
and son. Mrs. C. W. Barber and child. Mrs.
Shelby Cox. G. F. Bailey (second lieutenant
Fortyrflrst Infantry). Mrs. G. F. Bailey, Dr.
H. Driven. Charles K. Mallorey (lieutenant
United States navy). A. F. Curtis (captain
First Artillery). Dr. E. G. Beeson, Dr. S. H.
Hill. Mrs. Tonutt. Mrs. Gwynne. Miss Julia
Gunneld, Mrs.W. J. Bate*. Mrs. W. M. Coull-
In;? and baby. Major --J. A. Hull (Judg:e ad
vocate). Lieutenant Colonel Webb C. Hayes,
R. C. McAllister (first lieutenant Seventh Ar
tillery). Mrs. C. S. Harris, Bridadler General
Wilson (U. S. V.).- Lieutenant D. S. Turner
(Nineteenth Infantry), Clarence Carriyan, Cap-
I tain W. H. Bean (C. S.). Major Alexander
21
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ "
Market !?t. S.F. I :"U»i»tm:k Av. erkele^ &
\fHh.t \VimVu. Oiu yCmiIti'J Avp, Alamr-da \
Srtli & Wooii. Oak. I Mi - 1st St. . An,u .Jose. 9
\ . ¦ 0i7 Woshingtou f tr.-ct, Oakland. \
lUncolored Japan Tea A
6 Noorlornj. Many pOlinCl 2>S Q 4
\ . think it the only tea t. ijrink. Reg. i>(V-\
Jjava and Costa Rica Coffee?
f ¦' Straight Uimd. ,-wmi,-iV1 nr-^r
\ -cort* Rto*" for pound 25c\
If strength. "JaTiiV for fl*vur. Y
or Sherry Wine f
\ m^Ktu^v. gallon 45 cf
JOld Crow Whiskey f
V cTaVante^.: ¦bottle 95cJ
\Grariulated Sugar
A Fie© drv. . Pure : I O 1 DS $ 1 .00
r cane. It's best in every v ny. ¦-¦
J Ma hrselPs Sa rdiiies
§ . Genuine French. ... „«« »««
\ Finest quality flnh In Can IOC
f pure olive oil. No limit. Reg. 15c.
iCream of Maize pound 5c
\ For quick mush or paddings.
V Begular 3 for 2")C.
r Eastern Hams pound njc
I 1 Sugar cured— medium fat— delicious
flayer— good else— tender.
1 Guekenheiiher Whiskey f
I '.' Pure rye. Kr»ff1<» >irt>W
Regular J1.00. DOttie 75C
1 Reisling Wine gallon 35c
1 Light tmooth, palatable wine.
I Crystal clear. Regular ftTc.
SRock and; Rye % bottle 75c
"v Good for colds. ryt whisker ,,
%f% »o4 G* 1 * 1 * 0 f 061^ candy. Beg. $1. 00.
IBSBaBHBHHBBBBBBSaBaBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBHBEBBUB
1146 Market Street, |
beg to inform the ladies of San Francisco that on to-morrow. Monday, g
December .3. they will inaueurate the greatest and most gigantic sale of q
Lariies' Tailor-made Suits. . Tackets, Capes, Silk Skirts. Silk Waists, etc.; g
ever held in this city. • a
' HANDSOME . % \ " |
AT J
MODERATE PRICES ! |
BLACK WEST. OF ENGLAND CLOTH JACKETS, value for u
$7.50, will be offered at. ; 93.oO g
SILK .WAISTS .(sliRhtlv soiled) in pink, lightblue. canary, straw- H
berry and- lavender, value for $10.00, will be offered at $4.50 B
LADIES' VENETIAN TACKETS, in castor shades only, value ,B
for $10.00, will be offered at ...' • — .l?5.00 g
LADIES' NAVY BLUE SERGE SUITS, tailor-made, value for S
$15.00, will be offered at.. - 97.5O g
LADIES' COLORED UNDERSKIRTS, value for $2.00. will be 1
offered at •-.- • OOc q
LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS, value for $4.00, will be offered at $2.50 g
¦ '•¦¦¦¦ :¦'• - ' •' ' ' " B
We wish to inform the oublic that ths above were a SPECIAL ¦
PURCHASE for spot cash from the most renowned importers and man- ¦
ufacturers in America, viz.. Wcmpe, Johnson & Co of New York City. 9
For the accommodation of our patrons the store will be keot open H
every eveninp: until January 1. p
: ": ' ' (: :.: ..• '.__ ; '¦ •• h
. ¦ : • • . . ¦ ¦ a
,1146 MARKET STREET. S
) [[ ¦ ;. - : ¦'¦ ' GEAPE-NTJTS.
i : -'IT'S MOT BIRTH,
\iTcr Wealth, Nor State, but 'Git Up
; Jand Git,' That Makes Kaa Great."
. This is -the motto on the letter head of a
¦¦• ; .V^i-kf.own grocery firm In Watertown,
• X. .y., Fr«d B. Bush & Co., and is indica-
;;jTiy.«' nf.-the character £>t tho men. Mr.
.^•f.-^ih" hiruFflf hod quite an experience
:¦ >i'Ji '.'>od in rehition to health, as be was
•'.rcfusMj insurance thr^c years ago be-
examining physician found he
-.' had .Bii~bt"8 disease and could only live
; -. 'a *hort tirce at the best.
:; "-'^iy own physician sugrccstcd that I
: :.-&akfe;''a TaUical change In- diet. About
= - t tbat.'-'tin>e; my • a.ttentlon vra« called to
¦': }?'--ih\e-l*Mte Food, and I be^an with doc-
¦ \.'Xo?JB jpefiaiailon *to use this food. Of
• V-t.KrMv 1;. had been forbidden the use of
¦ ¦¦•'r.uija.r- orl starchy food, but my doctor
• f'kv.'it'W:' that Grapo-Nuts was composed of
¦ "riicj fctarch : ef whrat.and barley trans-
" ; jTormed. into sugar and In this con-
| :, iu-tiranie easily. digested.
• ; " :"To raa3<o a long- story short. Grape-
; ; 55vt«: .bM Jx'T - a constant dieh at my
;;.tab!c for; three years.- I have taken no
'.v.rSlcine: during this time and I am now
; "Strong and healthy and capable of doing
-";' -a,. hard. day: 3 work every day.", 7 *
v .- -So much for pure food, properly *e-
:.le<*ted and perfectly cooked by expe.rts
.i a.t the. faciorj-. There Is not a single dis-
.. ease la .the category of human i'rfif but
',. iv'.wh'af can be helped by the use of pure
.ffc-odcf this character, and most of the
- -' ..ordinary diseases can be cured.
DR. PIERCE'S |gft EODY-BAmBT
New A^W-^sJ^ "
Giver (&\/X \ s^ 2 - • '
By means of fLHliAj.t! / PHaace! It .
Dr. Plcrce'a ESif^^a BUs ""» bod 3 r
Helt and At- Kijri'.TTT^ with electrie-
tachm-nts a -fv r/J-Vf^SE Jty. thui (?lv-
powerfuleur- fl^/fW ln Nature's
rent of elec- /aA^twS wanntJl a "'l-
trlcltymaybe /;>lm«S»»P strenjthtoall
conveyed to CwiJcaB^^* who use it.
any part of I^^S'F^t^
tha body of IVW \ f wlthoutdruEs :
the wearer. I fnr \ , \i »nd la as good
from head to lf'il I : for . uromen
foot, thereby \\\ \ .\ *¦ for men.
Imparting \ IH I '/ " ? >rIce9 rea.-
vlm a.nd vigor.. \ TJ I ,f »onabl«. Xo
to alt weak \ y [ i "F r • •" or
parts and If' V "Half Price' 1
driving away|3^Ji \ > offers made
aches « "¦< 1 "^I^C to 8e ' 1 th!s '
pains 09- If T T ;B E Ii T. If .'
by magic. I 2%\ -you want the.
lC7Our ne-w "Book- **^^ BEST, you • '
let No. 2" gives full In-- must h a v»
formation. Free at cf- • "Dr.'PUree's. 1 "
fice or mailed to any address for a 2-cent
stamp. Call or addreas riEJICE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 1143 Broadway (above 2fith at.).
New York- Pacific Coast office. 620 Mar-
ket st. (opposite Palace Hotel), San Fraa-
clsrok
When writing, kindly mention this paper.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application. ;:;..} |>
ATTORNEY^ • v
F. H. MERZBACH. Uwyer. • .
60S Calif omU it., ClunI* bullrlln?.
COAL. COKE A."ND PIO IRON. . - ,
I r W1I * C(\ M0 Battery Streat.*
J- U- W !L5Uil Cf VV» Telephone STala U»4« :
COPPERSMITH. .
CU' CM1TH gh! P Plumbing, steaznbomt am* '
T»- J .11 11 II > ghlp Work a specialty. U an4
IS Washington st. Telephone Mala 5941. •• • .-; ,
ELECTRICAL. .
D. D. WASS,
Electrical Engineer. S$ ga»t st.
FRESH AWD SALT MEATS.
f io RftYP^^rft Shipplnif Butchersi U>#
JA3- DUlC3aCU. Clay; Tel. Main 134.
O ALVANIZINQ AND METALS.
JIT*. & Dealer In Metals & Galvanizlcr. JOH2X
FINN* METAL W0RK3i KS Howard «t.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal.' PactSo
Metal Works. 117-9 First st... Ban Frahclsctx, .
OILS. . •• •
LXIBniCATING OTLS. LEONARD A EL.LI9.
418 Front st.. a F. ' Phone Main 171?.-
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. SchtieHer*9 Mlnlns;
Candlti. C G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 9. J
. PRINTmo.
\f illUllC J» sil Sansome st.. S. IV
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First st.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
r^phio PARTRIDGE *" S^r u
WHIT£ ASn STEAM COAL,
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at its GREEN
RIVER COIO4ERIE3. Is the Best Coal la thtt
market. Office and Tards— 450 Main street.
Sfcaii a.oi) wm
is a time and H
S // ,^^^^^ZT '"JpZTT The Princess Do You Want to Purchase a Ladies' Hose, Underskirts and ||
ft'li^V \ J^^^Jw 1^ .. , , £ •.. , x xl r, , l a j One that has appearance, style and (Kk /J5^. MERE HOSE— Best . M
-mlUvk \ Made by the Makers of the Celebrated comfort combined. If so, visit our s3 *%v^ fast black, double jjS
Ni^iif HOLIOAY yw^ vC/ they p could m^ e trimmed rlb w?til HOSE, made of "good quality Peru- p
I THAT IS titi^ rMT^o^rJ W uld "'"Stab MW$m fe'ri-ihs" extra"'^''^ SOUNDS MYSTERIOUS. THIS 1
I Tip HO!?R. TI i§ M g ljE ) § T | I ON .OP- nJft^&W their enviable /MM &! T^ SELLING OF SUCH HOSE. g
« FO E R W rr;^ H^S? BUYING 3 EASY W \S 7 P?"ncessTf OTW? nm'vrcf ? 600 pairs LADIES' HOSE, made "of |
s: i'UK YOU WITH OHI* r.iV,°i j£w/W iKk 1 f»r , r , . i \Zi4"l i!ii' \ BRINGS CROWD h.ct Satwrna varn fast hlark In S
m OUR LPECIAL OFFERINM! "". . ' n every partlcu- AKOTHEB: The glove makers fiml us so ex- 8|
Sa iAnTP-cj. u.vn, 'a, 1 *: 1* strong, graceful and comforta- LADIES' DRESSINO SArOTTES acting that few of them can please <3
S LADIES HANDKERCHIEFS P 1 *- It is made of verv best fast «,o£r «V kI ? i WU •' us. That is why this store ha3 31
1 B^v^™^^ M^^W^B ™^%«&£™r%£ I
D S offering Patterns. Our holl- a corset that will outwear fitted £d SnShe? perfeSS?; SSal Here Is an Item 'worth mention: M
I b .^^^Sf : b0^^ hM Do You Wish a Perfect Bust Form? « s " e woX/m^T Fhn^. W$f |
I rSfr* t fanc5 ;, French e™y bucwS? ¦ • If So Tn thfi "Ifafco " COId WGathSr MaKOS r!ann8l8ti6 Iff. Mocha-soft, puabie H
uP o VL r T^ t if actl0n •• 2'»o ilM'iB . ii ai ' m M{}y and durable, over-seam wfl
f r UyS?^ 0^ 13 WHO HA S THE „" Is ma< le of best fast black GOWfiS 3 F'SCSSS IV HOW, eewn - two-clasp, per- KJ
m womnn's wardrobe Is complete with- Rn(1 J 3 halled'by athletic women an yoke and sleeves trimmed with fancy „ ., . u „!,-.._„_ ok«..u o- unik IsS
J§ put at l«st ONE GILT bILt Here the proper thing in supports it ll feather-stitched finishing braid, all NONeat H0USeK8eper SllOUld B6 Wiill- r§l
r i*tl Is J' n "f onpirtunits': the dellaht of drMKmakoM ori* Vnii wel1 sewed and finished; a gown you . i»..._t« 1« m--u._ i/u l *£<•
fd K^ DIK ?; GOL? BELTS, made, of ors. as ft ¦ enables "™rat5Vv? their gW^J**** y0U^ el . f 5 r le S?^5K ' flUt 2 CCU ? Ie ° f KltdlBD g
m fh2t q «n Uy Ol< ? b0 . U i ns> th * Klnd patrOns a perfect form a " d fl^ m Jl6 °- The economists' prlce..81.00 . ¦ W| f. R ,. li.^u.j F
m that will not tarnish, with fancy as cut above, for only fRI (to ' ... ... .«%•.. F-PlOIlS Illlll DI3S AtiaCUBu* . . K
ffl L'A!GLON BUCKLE, only .....50c SaIe at O-Farrell-st.' EnVrance! /StOlllShl'g Va^UES Ift OUfHand- Thev are a Rreat '. fo
I Irresi t^fe Fuyng Indjcemmts Tod 48o FOR A '75c VEST. kerchief Department. Jterr Ev?u!s?v1F U
m Great !0 Be frnOr^j in Cur Feather LADTES- VESTS, mane of best 500 GENTS HANDKERCHIEFS. •UWK«J pricequitedbeletw.no p
uica iu uo i^HUluJ III tU! rCflllUI Teruvlan cotton. Ion? sleeves. hi*h made ot be?t quality Japonette soft JJ^^Ar, Sensible one should *5
M BoaLIni. '¦ neck . Swiss ribbed, fleece lined, f, *"*>. bu ' better weju-mg. hand- / Vf*^^ -neglect purchasing fg
Bfk _""J:''' equally as warm as wool, and are Initialed and hems-Jtched: an article «I\I3. them: fcr3
-SCI EA .^ H S R positively non-shrlnklne: a prize win- that can not b« surpassed anywhere tn I VTZu Ladles' GlnKham K3
WS ROA. MADE OF jfj. ner for. 4Hc In 'Frisco for double the money.lOc Iu Yx&^B Aprons, made of best
E^ } £i" [*^?- r-i: 1 k t( ] match - nnkle length. _,,_ ,.,. __ _,,. r » n --.„„„ ff/4 I %^'j Qtiahty Scotch ?rtnf»- J?l
m Pi5rgIS? CH hgfeft 1^ nf ni n — D -- *r-1, 8 i OUR UNDERWEAR STOCK. JM£m> & X r o%r^s d arS W
Is ffiS- wStL'V'' A Stor/ of Low Prices and Excellent a most complete assort- ¦ u " j *^ ffff'^for SiV^Su ¦ H
WA 'iJ^vUi'ti 1^^ '^S^RfeL Valinc fnr Iho MflBfl-. MENT OF KNITTED UNDER- sum of »..20c I
M vvt^W" mlMS&b. -WinS I0MII8 MOne/. WEAR. SILK. LISLE OR WOOL r IS Also WHITE APRONS, mtd^ of M
Pi ™K?ND W$K*3£&y . LADIES-. -NECK RUCHE, made Of HERK. b^'t^qualitv white .uSrn .w?th wlrte • M
R2 THAT VlLL NOT ?*?¦? qual ' t , y fast black liberty Bilk. THERE T3 NOT. AN UNDER- shoulder strap?, anrl bin: all neatly pJ
Hfl LOSE ITS CURL n^^ZxW) fUl i « ccordlon v . .Pleated ends, very full WEAR WANT THAT CANNOT BE hemstitched; a positive wonder \?2
MM? THFYARE ! .liSj dl II ' and dressy; the small store's smallest FILLED HERE. ECONOMICALLY f or •. „. 29c Ml
i THE VERY (JWK'llrr ' 08C . FILLED. TOO. . . - NOW THAT WINTER 7lV3 M
m vA|u^|^|ff 7 . Another Sample PfQulck-Selllrg Prices Some Hints of Prices. SdIhould 1e ™t£out M
m y th§ \mv/v /WVYVr LADIES" VESTS, made of best LADIES' ALL SILK VESTS, made SOME PROTECTION FROM THE w;?
ng( i"^ V «iri"rft VVxy*^ quality SILK and AUSTRALIAN of best quality silk, low neck, no RAIN. . K3
§K 3J.v.tM» - WOOL, hl&h neck, longr. sleeves, sleeves. Swiss ribbed, neck- and arm- a M A B*3
f^J Qzrrrz'n* in Dotlnnhirn- Cnunrao ne . ck cr pcheted and drawn through holes crocheted and finished with f\r l*lt\\*t\.m 1 VJOII . BSj
t& DargaillS 111 OdHcilOir^ cQUa'COi wlt *\ 8ll £ tape> Swiss ribbed; worth silk tape, colors pink, blue and is THE SAFEST VTAY OUT OF Ra
m We are offering as a Christmas In- d ° ub ' e the money. Our prlce.»l .50 cream 08c THE DIFFICULTY^ f3
m ducement our full line of Battenbers' a . — : • LADIES' MACKINTOSH-Made of S
k( tidies, runners and squares at less • ,^ . diagonal cloth, navy In color, double- *TyJ
m than: half their real value. Here are ' T/l Bl Tl *\O( TiftT Ol 1M Oi M^ breasted cape, velvet collar, full /Sis
% • two for example: , . ii HW U fi IV L I\l 1< M l< I U. length, good width....: «2.73 iST
M SOLID BATTENBKRG SQUARES, g- 8 \ W IT* A fT\ \ 8 1^% JPi 1^ O iJ Sfl U CHILDREN'S MACKINTOSHES- ffl
m IS bv 20 Inches.- made of host linen v V JA*A JL Sk \jr hmf JSkmA A. 1 Ma*? JhmA /*. IL V^I O of pood quality mackintosh ?'
uj, braid, all fancy stitches, only...7f)c MAIL O t /"• KM I <_ C* L. l. material. In brown or navy check, i*8
m ANOTTIKR: SOLID BATTEN- 0RDKIH S h V I F\ Y K €*, V SlTftftr PH5LAN dpublf-breasted cape, velvet collar. &±
K5 nERO. 13 by 13 inches, made of b<-.<t TILLED. \J IKJ I'lUl IVVU «JH vvl, BCI LDISO aU lengths SiT.SO t»>j '
K| llnenbrald.. , 50c ¦ ¦¦¦-.¦ RUNNING THROUGH TO 11 O'FARRBLL. '(Sale at O'Farrell-street Entrance.) |gTrapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. SOc flask. Richards St Co.. 406 Clay.*
Mr. "W. W." Gillesple has been appointed
manager of the Pacific Coast department
of the "Welsbach Light Company, with
headquarters at San Francisco, taking the
place made vacant by the death of -Mr.
Ewlng.
A New Manager.
A petition for letters of administration
upon the estate of the late Mrs. Margaret
J. Newhall was filed yesterday by Police
Commissioner George A. Newhall, dece
dent's son. Mrs.' Newhall died November
3, leaving an estate valued at $10,000. De
cedent's helrs-at-law are the petitioner
and his brother. "Walter S. Newhall.
Margaret J. Newhall's Estate.
Berwln & Gassner's stamp on garmen'ts
is a guarantee for style, quality and
workmanship. They are just now having
a great run on a J125 genuine sealskin
Jacket The finish of this garment and
quality of the fur are not to w seen any
where for the price. Astrachan, Electric
and Baltic Seal Jackets at prices that will
surprise any lady, at 110 Kearny st. •
Furs! Nothing Like It
This action Is taken in anticipation of
Congressional action upon the pending
NIcaraguan canal bill and the Hay-
Pauncefoto treaty. Pending the submis
sion of the treaty to the Senate, which
body must ratify the agreement, its terms
will not be made public It is understood,
however, that generally Nicaragua grants
to the United States. Government the ex
clusive right to construct and operate the
canal between the Atlantic and Pacific
across Nicaragua, including th» free use
of the San Juan River* and of Lake Mana
gua as part of the water course. Nicara
gua is also to rid herself of any outstand
ing treaties that would tend in any way
to abridge the privileges to be acquired
by the United States. It is understood
also that Nicaragua concedes to the
United States lull authority to police the
canal. Nicaragua ls to receive in compen
sation a certain amount of the securities
of the canal construction company, and
although it ls not possible now to learn
the figure set down In the treaty it is be
lieved to approximate $3,000,000.
The State Department already has en
tered into an arrangement on similar
terms with the republic of Costa Rica.
This was because Costa Rica has estab
lished a claim to the right bank of the
San Juan River, which must of necessity
form about a third of the length of the
canal should the Nicaragua route be se
lected and be constructed on the lines
which will be suggested by the "Walker
commission.
"WASHINGTON, Dec 1.— Secretary Hay
this morning for the Government of the
United States and Benor Correa, the Nica
raguan Minister, for his own Government,
signed a treaty 'whereby the latter Gov
ernment concedes to the Government of
the United States the necessary rights
and provides within her bestowal for the
construction of the NIcaraguan canal.
RIGHTS OF WAY
FOR BIG CANAL
. The fellow who tak«i off ens* ts very
apt to return It.
Joseph Flgsl,
Merchant tailoring at moderate ;.prloes.
Becond floor Flood building. Fourth and
Market sts.S!na&HaBaf*^ - • * :
The San Jose Coursing- Club has filed
application to Join the California Cours
ing Committee. Permission to run has
been granted until the application ls acted
on at the next meeting of the committee
Want to Join the Committee.
Mrs. C. J. Tooker and her daughter.
Miss Elsie Tooker, the renowned San
Francisco guitarists, have returned to
their home at 1157 Octavla street after a
visit to ICew York and the Eastern cities.
While East Miss Tooker gave exhibitions
of her ability as a guitarist before several
appreciative audiences, and .was called by
the leading musical critics "The Queen of
Guitarists." The « Philadelphia Journal
says: "Her technique is absolutely fault
less, ebe performs the most difficult of
music with an easy grace that is charm
ing in the extreme, while her shading and
general interpretation are those of a heav
en-born artist." These ladies have decided
to take a limited number eff pupils. •
Teamster Charles Zelgler, employed by
the quartermaster's department at the
Presidio, met with an accident yesterday
that came within an ace of causing his
death. He was driving a pair of mules
hitched to one of the huge, unwieldy army
wagons and on approaching the gradd
near the entrance to the Presidio attempt
ed to put on the brake. In some unac
countable manner his foot slipped from
the brake rod and he was thrown out
6trlking on his head. The fall rendered
him unconscious and he remained so for
some time.
| . Zeigler was taken to the Post Hospital
and held for observation, as a fracture of
the skull was feared. Late in the day he
came to and an examination disclosed the
fact that be had suffered only a slight
concussion.
¦ Frederick Fisher, a private in Company
B. Forty-first Infantry, died yesterday a r
the general hospital.
Charles Zelgler's Foot Slips and Ha
Is Pitched Oft on His
Send.
ARMY TEAMSTER THEOWN
FKOM "WAGOK" A2TB INJURED
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 1.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from Paducah, Ky., says:
Fulton was visited by a fire early this
mornlne that destroyed twenty establlsh
•ments and caused a loss of $250,000. The
blaze originated in the Kirk dry goods
store.' It Is supposed to have been start
ed by burglars.
The flre destroyed the Kirk dry goods
store, Postofflce, opera-house. Meadows'
Hotel, and all the other establishments In
one block, the largest In Fulton. During
the flre there were fully a half-dozen
burglaries. Boyd Reed Jumped from a
third-story window and was perhaps
fatally hurt. The flre plugs would not
work and the only effective fighting wa3
done with garden hose.
Freely.
DISASTROUS FIRE IN
A KENTUCKY TOWN
Burglars Ply Their Trade
During ' the Attendant Excitement
Trunk* & traveling bars. Before buying sm
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co., 128 Ellis. •
, 1 • : . FIRST DISTRICT.
SECOND DISTRICT.
THIRD DISTBICT. -
FOTTRTH DISTRICT.
FIFTH DISTBICT. .; "/
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1.— Official returns
of California's vote, for Presidential Elec
tors ; and for Congressmen in the seven
districts of the State have been filed with
the Secretary of State. The following
table shows the vote cast for the highest
Elector on each of the tickets—Republi
can. Democrat, Social Labor and Prohi
bition. The scattering vote was very
small:
Prosperity.
They Indicate More Eloquently -Than
Words How,Freely Ballots Wer«
Cast for McKinley and
of the Secretary of
State.
.»
Figures on Pile in Office
CALIFORNIA'S
OFFICIAL VOTE
Prosecution Decides Not to Put Olin
Castle on the Stand Until
Later in the
Case.
EL. DORADO, Kans., Dec. 1.— The razor
with which Jessie Morrison cut Mrs. Cas
tle's thrdat was identified in court to-day
by Miss Clara Cowles and the prosecution
introduced It as evidence against the pris
oner. Miss Cowles testified that she
found the razor, which was blood
fimeared, on the floor near where Mrs.
Castle lay. The defense objected to its
introduction, but the court overruled the
objection. Two other witnesses testified
that they had seen Miss Morrison with a
knife cr something similar in her hand
after she had been taken from the Castle
home by neighbors. Others testified to
the prisoner having entered the house, ap
parently of her own accord, before ttie
murder was committed. The defense in
its statement of the case said that it
would show that Mrs. Castle called Miss
Morrison into the house and then at
tacked her. : ;V:-,:
Olin Castle was to have been on the
stand to-day, but in the light of-yester
day's proceedings the prosecution has
changed its programme and his evidence
will come later. Before the taking of tes- :
tlmony had commenced it was stated that i
the defense would produce evidence to
show that Miss Morrison had been en
gaged to Castle at the time he married
Mies Mary Wiley, but the opening state
ment yesterday of the prisoner's attorney
removed the probability of such charges
being: mado and caused the prosecution to
reserve Castle's examination. for another
time. ¦
The courtroom to-day was crowded as
usual. No change was apparent in the
prisoner.
Dr. M. A. Koogler, the first physician
to reach the Castle house on the morning
of the tragedy, testified that Mrs. Castle
was about bled to death when he arrived
and that -she died from the effects of the I
cutsHn her throat.
Pearl Beardsley. a delivery boy, ' who
had entered the house with a package of
meat, said he helped Mrs. Spangler raise
Miss Morrison. Miss Morrison told him,
"She tried to kill me; I had to do it. 1 '
"Miss Morrison," continued Beardsley,
"had a knife in her hand, and when I
asked her for It she grabbed her dress
with her left hand and covered her right."
Miss Ruby Moberly, daughter of Mrs.
Betty Moberly, said Bhe went to the Castle
house after her mother and saw Jessie
Morrison coming out of the house.
"You may state what, if anything, you
saw in the defendant's hand," said Attor
ney Brumback. •
"I saw a blade in her hand," replied the
witness.
"Was it in her right of left hand?"
"I did not notice."
Miss Clara Cowles, who llred acroas the
street from the Castles, told of seeing
Beardsley enter the house of Mrs. Moberly
and Mrs. Spangler and emerging with
Jessie Morrison and of the latter strug
llug to get away. She corroborated the
testimony in this respect given yesterday
by Mrs. Moberly and Mrs. Spangler.
Miss Cowles testified that she found a
bloody razor near Mrs. Castle's knees.
"I was the first to pick up the razor,"
she said.
The razor was produced by Attorney
Brumback and Identified by witness, and
the attorney stated that- he wished to in
troduce it as evidence. I The defense ob
jected, but the objection was overruled. ••'
John Bailey, a boy, testified that he met
Jessie Morrison on the morning of the
tragedy just outside the Castle gate and
that she going toward the Castle h«ne.
Mrs. Grace Lemon told of seeing Miss
Morrison going toward the Castle home,
but saw nothing unusual about her. .
Mrs. Maggie Clark testified to seeing
Miss Morrison going '¦'¦ toward the Castle
house on the morning in question, and,
asked if the prisoner .had anything in her
hand, replied!
"Bhe had a paper in her left hand."
"What shape was the paper?"
"It looked to be rolled up." ;<¦'-
Charles B. Smith also testified to seeing
Miss Morrison '-going toward the Castle
house on the morning of the tragedy.
At the afternoon session- Mrs. Abble
Castle, mother-in-law of the murderad
woman, identified a email piece of black
enamel found In cleaning the house after
the murder. It is the theory of the prose
cution that this was part of a knife or
razor carried by Miss Morrison.'
At 2 o'clock the Jury was excused while
the lawyers argued the point of admitting
as evidence the statement of Mrs Moberly
that the note written by Mrs. Castle con
tained these words, "Jessie Morrison has
killed me."
WITNESSES TELL
OF CASTLE MURDER
Razor With Which Crime
Was Committed Is
Identified.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900,
22
SIXTH DISTRICT.
SEVENTH DISTRICT.
COUNTIES.
32 =h «-! r> QQ
Is §^ |s %%. I
o2 ¦ 3 § 5" co «
3 « "I 3 z I Bl 111
H=- .^3 3 c :
II ft o=- &| :
IS t ¦ ffS l M . :
• ** ; x •
• • : " '.
Alameda ......... 14,321 6,677 332 82S
Alpine 69 16
Amador .......... 1381 1,309 29- 17
Butte ............ 2,322 2,011 ,36 51.....
Calaveras ........ i.eoo 1.28S 16 27.'....
Colusa .-....; 6iS 1,073 11 68.....
Contra Costa. 2.165* 1,549 3S 45
Del Norte 334 291 4 4
Bl Dorado ...1,193 1.406 13 25
Fresno. 3,585 3.590 169 232
Glenn ............ 494 737 11 6
Humboldt ....... ¦ 3,902 1,698 103 178
Inyo 396 . 505 14 20
Kern 1,692 1,960 26 52 94
Kings 1,032 872 48 40 2
Laka 584 746 51 28
Lassen 549 326 5 58
Los Angeles 19,200 13,158 1,443 995 709
Madera 764 - 737 19 18 1
Marln 1,681 904 8 52
Mariposa 505 717 8 7
Mendoclno 2.192 1,861 32 36
Merced 811 1.081 31 26
Modoo ,446 632 6 12
Mono - 284 ,.: 258 2 1
Monterey; 1,964 1.S25 77 44:
Napa 2,017 1,432 53 63 2
Nevada ; 2,449 ' 1,758 46 128 9
Orange '2.155 1,777 198 77 1
Placer 2,00? 1,692 37 33
Plumas 640 442 5 6."
Rlvorslda 2,329 1,134 190 152 9
Sacramento 5,606 4,325 83 - 131 1
San Benlto.. 724 7S6 19 17.....
San Bernardino.. 3.135 2,347 295 235 28
San Diego 3,800 2,678 157 - 2S9 18
San Francisco 35,208 25.212 262 2,033 477
San Joaquln 3,318 2,873 ' -71 82 95
San Luis Oblspo. 1,564 1,713 76 B9 27
San Mateo 1,645 914 12 88.....
Banta Barbara... 1.983 1,599 66 123
Banta Clara...... 7,107 4,607 264 210 .....
Santa. Crin 2,i73 1.636 115 155 1
Shasta 1,681 1,548 43 87
Sierra 702 436 4 11
SIsklyou 1.S98 1,668 17 38
Solano 3,114 2,262 83 167.....
Sonoma .. S.381 3.517 67 139
Stanislaus ....... 1.058 1.270 48 34
Butter 819 642 18 11
Tehama 1,210 1,188 29 25
Trinity 1.. 544 485 2 8
Tulare ........... 1,788 2,24« 72 165
Tuolumn* ;....... 1.309 1.530 30 29
Ventura 1.708 1.8J* 72 75 .... f
Tolo 1,510 1.687 64 46 1
Tuba 1,179 971 9 20
' Totals ........ 164,755 124.9S5 8,024 *554 1.475
The vote for Congressmen was:
SO 5*3 5© I'
counties. , ?| :§ S3 ?&
¦ ¦ • 3 : S 5 1» : £
; i v I I ?
Del Norte..: 281 289 4 2
Slsklyou 1,739 1,798 40 It
Modoc ....;.... 377 506 9 4
Humboldt 8,711 f l,698 162 70
Trinity 532 504 9 2
Shasta 1,598 1.8S1 72 38
Lassen .'. 534 344 5S 4
Tehama 1.134 1,130 IS 19
Plumaa 641 463 6 6
Sierra 6S3 418 11 2
Mendocino 2,037 -1,791 26 27
Sonoma 4.209 3.329 103 63
Napa .2.123 1.23S 41 69
Marin 1,618 830 83 3
Totals 21.227 16.270 599 310
COUNTIES. "
i
in
Butte
Sutter
Yuba
Nevada
Placer
El Dorado
Amador
Calaveras
Mono
Inyo
Alpine
Tuolumne
Marlpoea
San Joaquln
Sacramento '. .
COUNTIES.
ii p p r
i { i p
» a '. '.
n . *i • •
1.933 2,304 28 22
784 653 11 10
1,045 1,064 17 6
2.278 1.R48 59 38
1,920 1,609 24 29
1.119 1,111 21 12
1.810 1,261 15 7
1.535 1,272 20 6
287 264 2.....
357 D49 12 6
70 13
1,194 1.B18 • 22 135
434 714 7 9
3,633 3,178 65 50
| 6,061 4,493 • 99 44
23,019 21,851 402 371
Totals
COUNTIES.
p
ii
03
j §
I
|5
Ii
U
ColUBfc ......|
Glenn ........•••••' ••••,
Yolo .:
Lake
Solano
Contra Costa
Alameda
626 1.03C
<« 755
1,411 1,661
• 578 70!
3.131 2.2CM
2,159 1,43;
13,756 6.6K
22.109 14,401
> 69
; .i
1 21
, 116
I 29
I 725
! 996
4
10
43
54
53
31
236
Totals
431
COUNTIES.
If,
IE
a
It
: f
o
I?
8 if
•tiS
S3"
PI
i p i
I?
f|
1,116
1,116
;969
t'.M
San Francisco. . .....
Totals ..... ..:;:!
17.1U
17,111
11,742
11,742
l:M9
rtil
COUNTIES.
I
if 3.
a* fie
Eo 2k
£s Jl?
rn :
: m :" ¦ ¦
• r 1
San Francisco..... . ..-..'..
Ban Mateo '.".V.V... ..".;;..
Banta Clara '.....•.:.....-..
15,922
'1.326
6,195
10.65S
'1,205
f. B.502
17,865
• 72S . 88
;25 .11
189 215
- i _^
. Total* .................
23,113,
gjfj gl ? p p
COUNTIES. ?§ : 5 ij! ?¦§.
: g : S § 1 1- ft
: ? : rs :
J ! IP'
Santa Cms 2.0S0 1,658 250 "TlS
Monterey .................. 1,882 1,822 72 51
Ban Luis Oblspo. 1,362 1.6S5 149 95
Santa Barbara 1,852 1.570 200 52
Ventura 1.W5 1.293 108 M
Los Angeles 1S.26O 11,865 2,895 1.329
Totals 27,081 19,793 3,874 1,693
*-» -<J V i>
sij i p i« i?
cro an ¦ ~ cy3
' ¦ - - f? ¦8 2- ga 5§
S3 rg. gff 05
COUNTIES. ?g ;{S = I ?5f
[« :- § if r
!i i r I
Stanislaus :. 1.1S6 1,262 22 13
Madera 82S -637 13 30
Merced ,788 1,046 32 21
San Benlto 721 709 11 8
Fresno t.. 3,682 • 3,391 206 123
Tulare 1.S29 1,981 172 51
Kings 1.022 805 39 34
Kern 1.817 1.818 51 22
San Bernardino 3,181 2,150 353 218
Riverside ; ' 2.380 1.101 150 112
Orang© 2.186 1.691 82 177
San Diego 4,030 2,392 254 110
Totals 23.450 IS. 3S1 1,385 919
COUNTIES.
32 =h «-! r> QQ
Is §^ |s %%. I
o2 ¦ 3 § 5" co «
3 « "I 3 z I Bl 111
H=- .^3 3 c :
II ft o=- &| :
IS t ¦ ffS l M . :
• ** ; x •
• • : " '.
Alameda ......... 14,321 6,677 332 82S
Alpine 69 16
Amador .......... 1381 1,309 29- 17
Butte ............ 2,322 2,011 ,36 51.....
Calaveras ........ i.eoo 1.28S 16 27.'....
Colusa .-....; 6iS 1,073 11 68.....
Contra Costa. 2.165* 1,549 3S 45
Del Norte 334 291 4 4
Bl Dorado ...1,193 1.406 13 25
Fresno. 3,585 3.590 169 232
Glenn ............ 494 737 11 6
Humboldt ....... ¦ 3,902 1,698 103 178
Inyo 396 . 505 14 20
Kern 1,692 1,960 26 52 94
Kings 1,032 872 48 40 2
Laka 584 746 51 28
Lassen 549 326 5 58
Los Angeles 19,200 13,158 1,443 995 709
Madera 764 - 737 19 18 1
Marln 1,681 904 8 52
Mariposa 505 717 8 7
Mendoclno 2.192 1,861 32 36
Merced 811 1.081 31 26
Modoo ,446 632 6 12
Mono - 284 ,.: 258 2 1
Monterey; 1,964 1.S25 77 44:
Napa 2,017 1,432 53 63 2
Nevada ; 2,449 ' 1,758 46 128 9
Orange '2.155 1,777 198 77 1
Placer 2,00? 1,692 37 33
Plumas 640 442 5 6."
Rlvorslda 2,329 1,134 190 152 9
Sacramento 5,606 4,325 83 - 131 1
San Benlto.. 724 7S6 19 17.....
San Bernardino.. 3.135 2,347 295 235 28
San Diego 3,800 2,678 157 - 2S9 18
San Francisco 35,208 25.212 262 2,033 477
San Joaquln 3,318 2,873 ' -71 82 95
San Luis Oblspo. 1,564 1,713 76 B9 27
San Mateo 1,645 914 12 88.....
Banta Barbara... 1.983 1,599 66 123
Banta Clara...... 7,107 4,607 264 210 .....
Santa. Crin 2,i73 1.636 115 155 1
Shasta 1,681 1,548 43 87
Sierra 702 436 4 11
SIsklyou 1.S98 1,668 17 38
Solano 3,114 2,262 83 167.....
Sonoma .. S.381 3.517 67 139
Stanislaus ....... 1.058 1.270 48 34
Butter 819 642 18 11
Tehama 1,210 1,188 29 25
Trinity 1.. 544 485 2 8
Tulare ........... 1,788 2,24« 72 165
Tuolumn* ;....... 1.309 1.530 30 29
Ventura 1.708 1.8J* 72 75 .... f
Tolo 1,510 1.687 64 46 1
Tuba 1,179 971 9 20
' Totals ........ 164,755 124.9S5 8,024 *554 1.475
The vote for Congressmen was:
SO 5*3 5© I'
counties. , ?| :§ S3 ?&
¦ ¦ • 3 : S 5 1» : £
; i v I I ?
Del Norte..: 281 289 4 2
Slsklyou 1,739 1,798 40 It
Modoc ....;.... 377 506 9 4
Humboldt 8,711 f l,698 162 70
Trinity 532 504 9 2
Shasta 1,598 1.8S1 72 38
Lassen .'. 534 344 5S 4
Tehama 1.134 1,130 IS 19
Plumaa 641 463 6 6
Sierra 6S3 418 11 2
Mendocino 2,037 -1,791 26 27
Sonoma 4.209 3.329 103 63
Napa .2.123 1.23S 41 69
Marin 1,618 830 83 3
Totals 21.227 16.270 599 310
COUNTIES. "
i
in
Butte
Sutter
Yuba
Nevada
Placer
El Dorado
Amador
Calaveras
Mono
Inyo
Alpine
Tuolumne
Marlpoea
San Joaquln
Sacramento '. .
COUNTIES.
ii p p r
i { i p
» a '. '.
n . *i • •
1.933 2,304 28 22
784 653 11 10
1,045 1,064 17 6
2.278 1.R48 59 38
1,920 1,609 24 29
1.119 1,111 21 12
1.810 1,261 15 7
1.535 1,272 20 6
287 264 2.....
357 D49 12 6
70 13
1,194 1.B18 • 22 135
434 714 7 9
3,633 3,178 65 50
| 6,061 4,493 • 99 44
23,019 21,851 402 371
Totals
COUNTIES.
p
ii
03
j §
I
|5
Ii
U
ColUBfc ......|
Glenn ........•••••' ••••,
Yolo .:
Lake
Solano
Contra Costa
Alameda
626 1.03C
<« 755
1,411 1,661
• 578 70!
3.131 2.2CM
2,159 1,43;
13,756 6.6K
22.109 14,401
> 69
; .i
1 21
, 116
I 29
I 725
! 996
4
10
43
54
53
31
236
Totals
431
COUNTIES.
If,
IE
a
It
: f
o
I?
8 if
•tiS
S3"
PI
i p i
I?
f|
1,116
1,116
;969
t'.M
San Francisco. . .....
Totals ..... ..:;:!
17.1U
17,111
11,742
11,742
l:M9
rtil
COUNTIES.
I
if 3.
a* fie
Eo 2k
£s Jl?
rn :
: m :" ¦ ¦
• r 1
San Francisco..... . ..-..'..
Ban Mateo '.".V.V... ..".;;..
Banta Clara '.....•.:.....-..
15,922
'1.326
6,195
10.65S
'1,205
f. B.502
17,865
• 72S . 88
;25 .11
189 215
- i _^
. Total* .................
23,113,
gjfj gl ? p p
COUNTIES. ?§ : 5 ij! ?¦§.
: g : S § 1 1- ft
: ? : rs :
J ! IP'
Santa Cms 2.0S0 1,658 250 "TlS
Monterey .................. 1,882 1,822 72 51
Ban Luis Oblspo. 1,362 1.6S5 149 95
Santa Barbara 1,852 1.570 200 52
Ventura 1.W5 1.293 108 M
Los Angeles 1S.26O 11,865 2,895 1.329
Totals 27,081 19,793 3,874 1,693
*-» -<J V i>
sij i p i« i?
cro an ¦ ~ cy3
' ¦ - - f? ¦8 2- ga 5§
S3 rg. gff 05
COUNTIES. ?g ;{S = I ?5f
[« :- § if r
!i i r I
Stanislaus :. 1.1S6 1,262 22 13
Madera 82S -637 13 30
Merced ,788 1,046 32 21
San Benlto 721 709 11 8
Fresno t.. 3,682 • 3,391 206 123
Tulare 1.S29 1,981 172 51
Kings 1.022 805 39 34
Kern 1.817 1.818 51 22
San Bernardino 3,181 2,150 353 218
Riverside ; ' 2.380 1.101 150 112
Orang© 2.186 1.691 82 177
San Diego 4,030 2,392 254 110
Totals 23.450 IS. 3S1 1,385 919
TONG T»Q CH"V.
6oeoes»or to Z>r. LAI TO TAJ,
f. • ¦¦ ¦'¦¦ fflrafc graduate of Carton Medical
'SM P*Af1i College, after a very euccest-
ful practice of many year* In
Vn China, ht* located In San
V-y^S. •f^ Francisco. Tb.e turprlslnr and
r V marveloti» cure* efteeted t>j
\ Q. t W» berbfl demonetrat* their
* <^y\. potence and his skill. Tbee*
_^ff*^^N. herbs cure ovtr 400 different
ri523EE£&Ti diseases. Including Brlsht'»
DUease. Diabetes. ConFiimp-
.f«outi -- \\an. Asthma. Paralysl*. Brain,
JJerre, Caaeera, Tumors. Blood. Male and Fe-
nuJe Mal&dles. All persons afflicted with anr
kind of maledr whatEoever are Invited to call.
Office, m Washlnrtoa «t. Office hour*— • a.
m. ta 11 m, 1 t*S p. m. ; Ensdaya. 10 a. n. to
:: m. Aocept rrateful thanks for •ffeoflEf a
ccr* of uthira of several years' ¦tandtnr.
A. DAELXT, 6en RtTitL
A Ladies' f L - )/ L
Desk L-
for Christmas.
Beautiful household ornament.
In golden oak and mahogany,
aa cheap as pine furniture.
. Our . special price for this
week ~.. SO.OO
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc..
1017-1023 MISSION STREET
R»s« Sostb 14. Abeve 6th, Su FrisclicD.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wedgewood Cameo Ohina.
Blue body with raised cameo
figures. Dainty pieces.
Sugars and Creams
Jugs
Teapots
Match BoxqQ;
Pin Trays '
Vases
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
(ireatAifninajIiortiniTeaGo.
CITY STORES.
210 Grant Ave., bet. Post and Sottcis
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
1*0 Sixth St. 1419 Polk 8t.
112 Third St. 1819 DevUadero 8U
146 Ninth St. 2008 FMraore 6ft.
3006 Sixteenth 6t. 021 Montgomery Av,
2616 MlMton St. 8289 Mission St.
705 Larkin St. 2732 24th St.
8C5 Hayes 8 1. ... 470 Halftht St. .
¦¦".'..' 62 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
.1053 Waehln^ton 8t 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Avc. • 616 E. 12th St.
1510 S«re nth St.
ALAM EDA-I8C5 Park 8K
CAN RAPAet-B 6t.. b«0> Frarfbi
What to Give
Causes a whole lot of worry,
; doesn't it? Well, the following
i list will help you a whole lot: \
Christmas Cards. ! 1901 Calendars.
Our line is superior to anything: T\> hav« an extensive lln«. from
«re have ever shown, and a. visit to 10c to $2.50.
our department It worthy of your
««i™. w-ft».»^. Side Gombs.
thaTl^allo^fou^ll^- wnT'Jff . 1>o not fal1 to vislt - «» Sid« Comb
uon or Parisian novelties for the coming
Si£^it£l Clocks. In Iron and Wood. season. Rhinestone Back and SIdl
Bla.ck Malachite and Smoked, from Combs. Rhinestone Hair Retainers,
14 00 tp. A . Italian Shell Back and Side Combs
Gilt Clocks- 103 different patterns -and a great collection of Shell Or-
to select from. Prices, (1 25 to $20. naments too numerous to mention.
Porcelain. Bronze. Ebony and va- with every purchase In this de-
rlous others. - - . partment of a dollar "and over, this
. . week we shall present a handsome
iPV/PlrV hair ornament.
Be eure and come early for your HlflD^S.
HOLIDAT PRESENTS and take * iiingwi
your pick. . : . • Our larpe and grand assortment
Just arrlved-Full line Sterling J* ,i'^ 1 ,? s v Children's and Men'a
Silver Novelties, including Shoe Gold Fllled Rings, plain, enameled,
Buttoners, Shoe Horns. Nail Files, etone set and seal. Prices from 50c
Nail Brushes. Tooth Brushes. Sil- U P- Guaranteed to wear five years,
rer Jars. Cutid* Knives. Paper _~- . •, .
Cuttere, etc Prloes, 25c. BOc. 75c, (1. In |flQ4|. DrQCDnf
Large asisortm'.'nt of designs to MM lUuQI II COuill
select from. Is an Ideal Fountaln Pen _ that ls "
Holiday Papeterie. sfS^™ 2 ""?- 28^*
Thle year we can Burprlte you A handsome line of Novelties
with our variety of colors and Smokinr Bets. Cards and Starna
shapes— put up In handsome boxes. Boxes. Ink Stands. Desk Blotters
one, two and three quires of paper Paper Weights, etc A large and
and envelopes, one or two sizes, handsome line of Portfolios In
and one or two colors In box. Leather and Imitation worthy of
Prices from 25c to $4.00. your inspection. From BOc to $6.00.
rpt . i _•_
/ *-'~*""
818-820 Market St.* San Francisco.
. All Mall Orders of JiOO or more delivered free to any railroad station.
SEXD FOR XEW CHRISTMAS BOOK.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We will exhibit all this week a
most complete assortment of elegant
BLACK DRESS FABRICS, in FINE
PANNE CLOTHS, A.RMURES,
WOOL POPLINS, VENETIAN
CLOTHS, CORKSCREWS.AMAZON
CLOTHS and fine BLACK CHEV-
IOTS.
SPECIAL.
15 Dleces BLACK ETAMINE CHEVIOT rat
Tailor-made Costumes, full 50 Inches wide.
Price 85c y d »
M Aw M Jr~* Mm*M
¦ 15 Dleces 50 inch BLACK CORKSCREW
(Mohair finish). Price .$,1.25 yd.
SPECIAL.
i 20 pieces GENUINE BLACK FRENCH WHIP-
CORD, full 42 Inches wide- Price .$1.25 yd.
We Invite our patrons in the. Interior to
write for Samples of our special lines of
Black Goods.
111. !I3. 115. 117, 119. ISl POST STREET.
tailored Suits
% -'I/. There is something about 'our tailored suits
i^Vfiliat stamp them as superior at the very first glance.
; -What that something is you can readily see on
' inspection. First, the goods are the very best that
: can possibly be made up for the price. Second, the
: cut and style of every garment is strictly the latest —
v this, department being new, there is no reason why
. they should not be — and then there is this matter of
;•; . V making and trimming which is so important and to
; which we give so much attention. Altogether we .
feel that we are giving about as good value as can
be given in tailored garments. You will agree with
vis when you see them. This suit will give you an
idea of the values.
Broadclotb Suit $18.03 Sateen Petticoats SI.00
'.,.., ., . . . . Sateen petticoats, made with 10
Tfas kies tailored suit is made inch knife pleated graduated
of fine broadcloth, jacket cut with flounce — full width — in purple, blue
Russian blouse front, trimmed and b!ack, $1.50 value —
back and front, with 8 satin bands. - OnI y $1 ' 00
tailor stitched: skirt trimmed with FreHCll Fl3Miel WS'StS.
4 satin bands all around, lined and We have a splendid line of these
cat with flare bottom. In black and waists in all the latest styles and' in
navy— a swell, up-to-date, perfect all the leading colors, treat values
fitting euit for— . at— $2.00, $2.50, $3.00.
Only 618. OO $3.5O. $4.OO, $5.OOand $6.OO-
,¦':•-¦ The above goods are on sale at both our
Market-street and Post-street stores.
Stamping free on all goods bought at our stores to be
embroidered. Lessons given in embroidery. Free delivery in
city and bay towns.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENT8.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK
gjff A fir m V W ''H'fft- ''^
LADIES'
GENUINE.
BOXCALF
SHOES.
An
LARGE VALUE. LITTLE PRICE.
Heavy Welted Sewed Soles, Stitched
Edges, Straight Foxed and Straight
Tip, like above picture, or Circular
Foxed and Diamond Shaped Tip. A
NEAT WINTER SHOE.
THIS WEEK $2.50.
Equal to those sold elsewhere for
$3. 5O. If not as represented return
them at our expense.
We have the best assortment of
HOLIDAY SLIPPERS AND
NOVELTIES
In Foot* Wear ever shown in this city.
If you have not our catalogue you can
order from any catalogue, as WE
HAVE ALL KINDS OF SHOES,
from the cheapest to the best.
NOLAN BROS.
.PHELAN BUILDING. *
812 and 814 Market Street.
I 25%
Sale.
Our entire line of
ORIENTAL
RUGS
Upholstered
I Furniture
ORIENTAL RUGS/CAR-
PETS AND CURTAINS.
Parlor Suits, Odd Chairs,
Morris Chairs, Rockers, Etc.
I CHAS J.PLDM&CO.
I 1301-1307 Market Street,
I ban Francisco.
The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR
A Handsome Christmas JtfttWtf
Easy and Comrortab'a. JNfT&ffEff
Price $15. Come and see It* .
W- A. SCHROCK, ;
19 New Montgomery Street.
P 1ST. ¦ '¦¦¦ ;.-.-•
H BILLIARD COMfAIiY,
H Market Street,
sJ !_S AN. FRANCISCO. '— ' ¦/ .
II Manufacturers of '. ¦
U standard Billiard and Pool . Table*, ..-
|1 Laeer and Steam iJ«ef Pumps.
V i,i L' 1 ¦ h\,i?UUTH;-IM^iai l MimiW
.rpHr»Tvnn£-K:*owx aKi> kfliable old
I ,Sp«vta'.iNt<rw-.*IJ'.4><>d C<iiscm.<iocorrb(Ba,GleeL
Mtnt-tn— lO'Vf'fc' 1 Inip(,t«»iic^and thelf
a|T»i.«iVir*»rt.#s.' IV'inn D:-»«wra of Men, (rn,
OvorSJvtMirsVr.iW'.iMiriRjTprnw reasonable. Honrs
I 8toSd«ji«(liaoto-a | >«*v's». Snftdars, 10 to li c»nnal«
¦J I fewJaiiy|w'widsacr*dly confidential. Call prad«ireai
1\ *"PJKOflCpBaieXri.TX',a..D. -. .
i /^D*B" l *?***» "*?* « 1 rai»ciaco»CaV
ISf <Jl^illi^^3 Customers tell us that our I
fll f^W^S^*^ J st Y les are ihe best, that our I
I I prices are the lowest and ii
1 r li ¦'¦{¦ .that the variety we are show- .1
I L^li 1 ing 15 the largest to choose I
1^@\ \ Surely these must be the |
Pt^XS I U^ reasons we are selling so g
v^^^^^j^^ ; many box coats for little 1
V jM^i^i^^j^S^^/*' All prices and in sizes of 4 to 16 years. *
I illif More 54 50 Silk Waists jj
ISl \ i Monday \ve offer another handsome |j
IhI -' ¦*'¦•¦ t lot of silk waists. Not many of a kind, 1
¦ ISr-'-' 1 but in nearly every stylish shading. y?
Ill /' • These waists were $6.00 and $7.50 Bl
III »t^ each. On sale tor.morrow }. i!
Ill $4.50 each JII
I R,. D. DAVJS & CO., r-A.
¦' (iiy/g*s^ : . Cor. Geary St. and Grant Ave. * "^ ' " \jy^)"I went out expecting to pay mv way
in to see the football game," McCauley
said yesterday; "but at the gate I was
turned away, as I had no ticket. On ac
ccunt of the crush at the gates they
would not take money. Another young
fellow was turned away at the same time,
and together vie went around and entered
the glass works premises. There was no
one stopping the men and boys, who were
going throush by hundreds. We climbed
Fifteenth street from Harrison, looking
for: an Opportunity to get up on the roof
of one of the furnace houses of the glass
works. Two mounted : policemen were at
the "corner of "Fifteenth, and Harrison
streets, chatting with each. other. In plain
sight of the policemen were '.two' doys at
work digging a hole under the glass works
fence' on the Fifteenth-street side..'
¦ One^ of the;. boys crawled .through the
hole when it was dug and opened the 'gate
whl ch' gives" entrance between ;the ware
house south? furnace ihouse." Im
mediately, there ;was I a : rush for the gate
and fully fifty ; men and boys , entered. ¦
"Those mounted policemen, could easily
happened to be within, his I reach. He"
pulled himself along bravely ; and . was
nearly off when his strength gave out and
he fell flat on the hot surface. One of
the rescuers caught him and lifted him
off. but It was probably too late. .
. "The horror of those minutes during
which I clung to that rod will never leave
me.' After a while I recovered my pres
ence of mind and worked along to the'
studding of the wall and then clambered
down, right into , the midst of a windrow
of killed and injured. I did what I could
to help get them out and to the hospital."
• Nicholas Wollwert, ¦ a boy 12 ¦ years old,*
residing at 18*i West Mission -street, was
omons the .crom? of xoecUlara who h%4
HAMILTON WOODS. ONE OF
THE tNJURED BOYS, WHO
MAY DIE.
CHARLES H. CUMMINGS. NINE
TEENTH VICTIM OF THE
GLASS WORKS TRAGEDY. '•
Jcseph J Gumper of 1013 Green street
states that shortly after 2 o'clock on the
day of the catastrophe he walked along
Permitted .Fifty People to Enter
• the Grounds.
Police Officers Charged With Having
BOYS DUO THEIR WAY IN.
McNeill is dead, but his memory' fill live
as the first to be buried of the victims
of San Francisco's most dire calamity.
assistance he could In carrying out. the
dead and injured. . W- J.-:'- : '- *:-'"¦
FATE OF TWO BROTHERS.
One Was Stanford's Mascot and the
Other Plunged to Torment,
Perhaps I>eath.
One of the most remarkable coinci
dences of the glass works fatality. was
that involving Peter Carroll, a lad 17
years of age. who lies in St. Mary's Hos
pital with a. fractured skull and for whose
life the doctors hold out little hope, and
his little brother, Jimmie. ¦ While the
elder brother was plunging to what may
prove his death the younger, clad in cardi
nal sweater as the mascot of the Stanford
team, was helping the rooters cheer his
heroes.
Jlmmle Carroll has been the mascot of
the Stanford team for two years.
On his removal to. St. Mary's Hospital.
Peter Carroll was found to have sustained
a fracture of the skull. Prior to being
taken to St. Mary's the Injured boy was
driven to the railroad hospital. -His
mother, Mrs. Lee. and his stepfather,
John Lee, take turns in watching at his
bedside. The doctors do not hold out
much hope of the lad's recovery.
CITY'S DAY OF FUNERALS.
Twelve Hearse-Led Lines of Carriages
Will- Thread Streets to
Cemeteries.
More than half of the victims of. the
Thanksgiving day tragedy will be buried
to-day, and in almost every district of
San Francisco the sad ceremony over the
body of some schoolboy or youthful
bread-winner will cast a still deeper gloom
over the people. San Francisco has felt
the awful horror of the. accident, but of
Its people comparatively* few have seen
the .actual scars. To-day every one
will see some one of the lines of car
riages with grief-stricken. parents, broth
ers, sisters, schoolmates, following a
small coffin to the grave, and the grief of
the time will be brought home to each.
Funeral services, short and simple. In
the homes; a few with more of ceremony
In churches; a dozen lines of hearse-led
carriages creeping along the thorough
fares to cemeteries— it will . be a day of
sorrow, such that if - a San Franciscan
should come 'home in ignorance of the
cause of It he would yet see it in the
faces of pedestrians and would notice less
of mirth in the cafes, along the drives and
in the public parks. [';>*
The funeral of John Brough, aged IS,- of
1835 : Mission street will - be held at 10
o'clock. this morning from the mortuasv
SAD SCENE WHICH MARKED THE BURIAL OF HECTOR McNEILL
AND THE FIRST FUNERAL OF A VICTIM OF THE TRAGEDY OF
THANKSGIVING DAY. :>•:'=. • i' ¦
mounted the roof of the glass work".
Wollwert got on to the ventilator with
the others and went down when the roof
caved in. He received a dislocation of the
right shoulder and several contused
wounds about the r head. Fearing the
anger of his mother he concealed his In
juries until Ifls dislocated shoulder . gave
him too much pain to be longer endured.
The plucky little fellow was sent to the
City and County Hospital yesterday and
was treated there.
John Hassman was treated at the Re
cfiiving Hospital yesterday by Dr. Bauer
for an injured foot. He had stepped on
a piece of broken glass and receivc-i a
lacerated wound. On this occasion he
was less fortunate than on last Thursday,
.if. he was one of those who mounted i he
glass works roof. He saved himself by
catching hold of one of the rafte--3 ami
ETVung out of danger.
BORNE TO THE GRAVE.
Hector McNeill the First Victim to
B3 Carried to His Last Best
ing Place.
Hector McNelll was buried in Laurel
Hill Cemetery yesterday. The death
which was abroad on Thankglving day
found an early victim in him, and his body
is the first of those killed in the disaster
to be consigned to the grave.
It was a simple funeral. Simple, that Is.
in all but the flowers, In wreaths, crosses
and bunches which filled . the room in
which the lad's coffin iay at 762 Post
street with fragrance. There was a great
wreath of violets and maidenhair, the
gift of the boy's fellow employes at tho
White House, and another of white roses
and ferns from the attaches of O'Connor
& Moffatt, where the" dead boy had
formerly worked. On the coffin lay a
wreath of sinaple white roses. It had been
placed there by the. bereaved mother.
At 1 o'clock yesterday those friends and
relatives of the deceased who were to be
present at the last rites had met and
heard the funeral services read by the
Rev. M. M. White. r Among the mourners
were Raphael Weill and "Benjamin M.
Joseph. The former Is proprietor, of the
White House and "the latter foreman of
the department in which young McNeill
worked. There were twelve pallbearers
from the White House and O'Connor &
Moffatt's. - . *
Though only fourteen years old, 1 the boy
had earned in no ordinary degree the
confidence and esteem of his employers
anfl the lovo of. his fellow-workers. He
was a, member of the"Y.' M. "C. A. Night
School, where he was accredited an apt
scholar. He contributed largely to the
support of his widowed -mother and little
sister. His mother; is -mourning for her
dead boy with a grief that, can know no
palliation; her little daughter does not
fully, realize what her brother's loss is to
mean. Mrs. Josle McNelll' brought -her
little family from Texas to San Francisco
but a few months ago, llttle : dreaming
that the step meant death to one of them
and that one her, only son.* : ,¦
On ' the '; fateful Thursday ' night, : while
the dead were being carried to the Morgue
and many were breathing their last in the
shambles of the glass* works, Mrs. McNelll
and her little daughter sat waiting at the
Thanksgiving table in their home, waiting
for the -boy's .return. He had set. out in
tha afternoon with fifty cents in his pock
et, gaily declaring that for the sum < he
would see the great game from some point
of vantage. "Qood-by. mother,". Mrs.
McNelll says he cried as he left the house.
"I'll be back to dinner,',' and so they wait-"
ed for him until a ; police officer came to
the door and told them . that their boy
was not corning home that' night and per
haps never.
•The-Whltft House employes generously
raised a purse of $100 to aid. Mrs. McNelll
In bearing' the ¦ funeral • expenses.' A • sub
scription was also received from the em-
Dioyw ef O'Connor & Moffatt Hector
jbfc\MiMlMiiMIMMiMKWWBIiMttflttl^M^^«<
up the ladder and crossed over to the oth
er building. As soon as we got up on the
ventilator roof I felt that it was not a
safe proposition, and I told my chance
acquaintance bo, and proposed that we
should leave. He consented, and Just' then,
not a minute after we had clambered up,
the roof collapsed.
"I must have etruck a timber Just be
low the roof, for I remember nothing after
the first instant. When I came to, I was
lying in a heap of injured men and boys,
and my clothing was wet with their
blood. I freed myself from the tangle
and was among the first taken to the
Southern Pacific Hospital. I do not know
whether my cbance acquaintance was
killed or not, but I am certain that he fell
with the rest of us."
Thomas Curran, an Ironworker who
lives at the corner of Twenty-sixth and
Mission streets, had an almost miraculous
escape from death, and he gives a graphic
description cf the catastrophe. He said
last evening:
"I -was with a young fellow whom I had
met on the roof. He was a mechanic, and
I think he must have been Thomas Rlp
pon from the descriptions given by the
papers. We were on the very peak of the
roof. Suddenly, without any creaking or
cracking to give us warning, the roof sank
beneath us. I went over backward; struck
a beam, which changed my direction, and
fell about twelve feet further. That
brought me to the level of the ceiling
Joists, and as I fell I managed to seize an
iron rod, vertical in position, a brace for
one of the joists. I clung to it with all
the strength of my arms and finally man
aged to throw one of my legs over it. My
experience in clambering around over the
framework of buildings no doubt saved
my life. •
"As I clung there I saw the poor fellow
who had been chatting with me strike
the furnace. He curled up Just like a
worm in that heat, and I saw the tender
come out and turn off the flame and then
drag my companion off the furnace.
"Bodies were falling like a hail, and I
could hear them strike the furnace or the
concrete floor. Then I could see the
struggles of the poor maimed fellows.
One poor boy was trying to pull himself
off the furnace by an iron brace which
not as vigilant as they might have been
in taking precautions to keep people out
of tlie grounds, there is practically noth
ing- to prove that the permission of the
Klass' works people was given for the
crowd to enter.. At the inquest, however.
it is hoped that the question will bo fuily
answered.
The various hospitals of the city have
now rendered practically the last service
which it was in their power to give in
connection with the terrible affaiY-. The
groat majority of the victims have been
removed to their Jiomes, where, however
well they may be nursed, they will hardly
receive better care than they did at the
public hospitals. The officers, physicians,
nurses- and stewards of these institutions
deserve the highest tribute of praise
which may be given to them. At a time
wn*n their services were most impera
tively needed they responded willingly, in
telligently and splendidly to the duty
p!aced upon them.
The oread concluding incidents of the
tragedy have now begun. The first
funeral of one of the victims took place
yesterday from the home of his stricken
parents. Many more will take place to
day and thousands of the people of San
Francisco will pay the tribute of their
gym pa thy -to those who have suffered
from death's visitation. ¦ -.;r._
ONE MORE VTCCT7T DEAI>.
Expires at the Southern Pacific
Hospital.
Charles H. Cummingrs, 15 Years Old,
The nineteenth death due to the glass
works tragedy occurred at 5 o'clock yes
terday morning when Charles Henry
Cummings, 15 years of age, succumbed to
his terrible Injuries. He died at the
Bouthern Pacific Hospital, where he wa?
taken from the death-trap immediately
after the accident.
Mrs. Cummlngs was with her son when
he breathed his last and her heroic effoit
to bear up under her great sorrow moved
deeply the nurses and physicians. Quincy
Cummings, the boy's father, worn out by
his long watch, had been forced to seek
rest and so was not at his son's bedside
when death came.
The injuries received by young Cum
mlngs were such that he remained un
conscious to the last. His skull was frac
tured and his left lung was punctured by
the splintered end of a fractured rib. Be
sides these the boy received many minor
cuts and bruises.'
Young Cummings was employed as a
messenger in the office of T. H. Goodman,
general passenger and ticket agent of the
Southern Pacific Company, and his father
Is an old employe of the passenger de
partment.
Ellery CraLndall, a thirteen-year-old
schoolboy of 1104 Market street, is lying
at St. Luke's Hospital with a compound
fracture of the thigh, from which he «**"
scarcely recover. Amputation of the leg
will be necessary and in such a case am
putation is nearly certain to cause death.
His father and mother are both with him
at the hospital.
The other boys at St_ Luke's Hospital.
Lester Prior of 770 Lydia street and
Thomas G. Smith of 173 Albion avenue,
are both improving steadily and will be
ready to be discharged within a few days.
Edward Duggan. at the City Receiving
Hospital, is showing- Improvement. He Is
new In a semi-conscious state, and the
hospital surgeons and Dr. J. M. William
son, the family physician of the Duggans,
say that he has a chance of recovery.
Mrs. Duggun and Miss Florence Dupgan,
mother and sister of the injured boy, have
remained tirelessly by his side.
John Hassman of 23 Mint- avenue, an
other sufferer in the accident, applied at'
the Receiving Hospital yesterday morning
for treatment He had received an in
cised wound of the right foot, but was
taken home by friends 'and did not re
ceive proper surgical care until yester
day.
-Thomas C. Pedler, Fred F. Lilly and
Charles Fulton are all in a precarious
condition at the City and County Hospi
tal. An operation was performed on Ped
ler's fractured eplne yesterday morning
by Dr. Stanley Stlllmari. assisted by
House Surgeons Thorn and Osmers. A
segment of the spine »was removed. The
Epinal cord Itself was found to have suf
fered some destruction, and little hope
of his recovery is entertained, though his
condition was encouraging during the day.
The entire lower portion of his body is
paralyzed.
Fred F. Lilly, tho son of a well-to-do
New York merchant, is apparently ap
proaching death. He was conscious Fri
day, though his skull was fractured, the
frontal bone having bten caved In. Yes
terday he lay unconscious and there is
hardly any doubt that his name will be
added to the list of dead. Dr. Thomas
D. Maher. house surgeon, says that his
death is practically certain.
Charles Fulton, 24 years old, whose
home is at 3 Hermann street, has a com
pound fracture of the thigh, a broken "arm
and a contused wound of the head. He
rested fairly well yesterday. IX is not
known yet Whether or not amputation of
the leg will be necessary. If it prove to
be necessary the patient's chance for life
will be very smalL
A brave fight for. life aealnst the
crushing odds of fever and internal in
juries is that being waged by Hamilton
Woods of 1S1 Thirteenth street, one of the
most severely injured of those left alive.
The boy, who is but 11 years old. knew the
full force of the feaiful fall to death.
Against the brick floor, he just missing
the oven in his fall, the base of his skull
was crushed, his chin was fractured, he
was horribly cut and maltwisted about
the face, his legs were broken and every,
inch of his little body was bruised. Yet
he lives and his stepfather, A. M. Wal
tens, says that while there is life there is
hope. The little sufferer was one of the
brightest pupils of the Peabody School
and a general favorite with ail who knew
him.
Willie Connolly hovers between* life and
death, with the balance a little bit in
favor of the former's victory, at 1923 How
ard street, where be is b«lng tenderly
cared for by his aunt, Mrs. McCraigh. He
is an orphan, 15 years of age. His injuries
consist of cuts end burns about the face,
legs and arms. He may be hurt inter
nally. He lies in a stupor, only calling
out sometimes for "Clements," the name
of his particular chum, who is a devoted
attendant" at his bedside.
In addition to the nineteen men and
boys already dead the following will prob
ably succumb to their injuries within the
next two or three days: Ellery Crandall,
Thomas C Pedler, Fred F. Lilly;, Charles
Fulton. Hamilton Woods and Peter Car-,
. fSjp^HE last ead incident* of the dread
j ful accident which, on Thanksgiv
. |£ ins: day. shocked the people of San
Francisco and claimed more than
cce hundred victims in death and danger
ous Injury, are novr !n progress. Stricken
fainllies are paying the last tribute which
They own to their own; sympathetic
Itrlenfis are doing their utmost to softer.
%:? torment of the tragedy, and the police
ere striving in every effort to place the
blame of the disaster where it belongs.
j :, claimed one more victim yesterday'
cad there is every fear that he will add
more to his roster cf victims before the
last count of the dead is made. Several
boys who plunged from the roof of the
San Francisco and Pacific Glass Work?
. -flown upon the blazing furnace are so
desperately Injured that it is feared death
: alone can relieve their Fufferings. Most
of them have been removed to their homes
. and. the terrifying scenes of the public
L. hospitals have become a memory of sad
ness to the city.
• 'At the. Morgue yesterday there was lit
tle of incident to excite more than the In
. tei-eet which «very <iay claims the sym
.patby of the public. The city's house of
•the dead had relapsed into the dread
¦ monotony of Us daily routine. At noon
ldl bjit me of the dead victims of the
'¦'¦ catastrophe had been removed in prepara*
tion forthe funerals, which will taKe
frlaeo to-aay. The oa^er sorrowing anxl
ous: crowd, which, the day before, bad
: (jattied with ' the. police and in stormy
•BDlicitudehad thronged around the place,
fcad disappeared. One by one the bodies
•were taken away until only one remained.
¦•TharWs the tody of Mekke Van Dyke.
•the Ncme.niiKer, around whom a terrible
': ruiher : has ¦ been woven.
i Teputies of the Coroner declare that
" k.. r j e have com* to them with stories of
jr^^aread Work of ghouls who operated in
•'the 'glass, works Just after the roof
•• crashed 'with its weight of humanity.
i;ti<?!*e stories do not possess the
: ct verification. They seem too terrible
¦• : f6r belief ''and/ have nothing more FUbstan
it.iol than a ; series of suspicious clrcum
- stances to eypport them. Independent o£
'their intrinsic value, however, they have
'.•.mibll'c significance elnce they have been
presented. to' the atuhot'tles.
JFviehds of Van Dyke have rone to the
¦e\&roner"« office and inquired how much
nkmey be' had when his clothing was
: Marched; i These • friends declared that
: V&n .Dyke tra* in the habit of carrying
considerable money on hi* person. He
hid been cautioned against doing- this.
hut had paid no attention to the warn
¦ iricsJ .Wlien his clothing wai eearched
ar*W tfc« accident only $11 wm found, and
¦ ills ¦ friends insist that when they «»w
hitn earUcr in the day he had *S0. The ia
terence sought to be firawn Is as a mat
ter of course that his body w&s robbed
iby some fiend who operated in th« bulld-
Jjijr- after the accident. Xothlnc. how
eVer; has been Bupplied to give proof to
'= this '•horrifying accusation. The Morgue
deputies .have also been told by people
i Who were part of the crowd on Friday
that a police officer had prevented a man
from removing a ring from the finger of
: & boy who had fallen from the roof and
lay dead or dying. But the police officer
ovrho is said to have done this cannot be
Jound, and the incident must pass a» one
m' thoee grewsome rumors which give
. tided horror to a tragedy.
;The Coroner has decided to hold the
' Inquest .on "Wednesday morning, instead
. of on Tuesday as he at first announced-
At this Inquest every effort will be made
¦ %o place upon responsible shoulders the
blame of the accident, if blame there be.
rhief of Detectives Seymour ha* as
sumed the duty of Euramoninr the wit
:.•-' -f . and every person w^io can »hed
the faintest light upon the disaster • will
be ctLiled upon as a witness. Proprie
¦ -tors, rnanagers and employes of the glass
•works, police officers, physicians and
spectators will be called and the whole
. TVTctched etory will be told again.
¦The police have obtained, huwover. noth
ititf which is conclusive proof that the
. 'owners or responsible agents of th« glass
works permitted cny one to enter tho
•crounds cither by favor or for pay. While
.there is evidence to Indicate that th*i own
ers and managers of the glass works were
Horrifying Rumors of a Robbery
of the Dead Carried to
the Officials*
DEATH CLAIMS ONE MORE VICTIM OF THE DISASTER
AND OTHER LIVES ARE HANGING IN THE BALANCE
have prevented that part of the crowd
from encroaching on the glass works
property." Gumper said yesterday, "and
It was plainly their duty to do so. They
ought never to have let the boys dig under
the fence. As a matter of fact, they
could have prevented the crowd from get
ting inside the glass works yard at all if
they had tried to do so. The manager or
owners should have applied to them if
they were anxious to keep the crowd off
their premises." ' **
Gumper was one of those that climbed
up on the roof of the north furnace house
and from there witnessed the ' tragedy,
afterward climbing down and giving what
Police Will Summon Witnesses to
y.' '-"'¦ /'¦"'*'• • * - "¦/"¦ * .
the Inquest in an Effort to
Fix the Blame. %
The boy has been conscious part of the
time since, but his condition is serious.
His case has not been included; In pre
vious lists of. casualties.
The boy Is a son of Hugh Quinn. an old
fireman, now a watchman, in the corpora
tion yard. He has been a pupil in the
Lincoln School. After the accident Thurs
day he was taken home by four boys, one
of whom had recognized the little fellow.
Jamsie, as the boy is called, was uncon
scious. The boys carried him to a Folsom
street car, and from the car across to his
home on Clementina street.
James Quinn, aged 12 years, of 463 Clem
entina street, is lying at his home In a
critical condition from Injuries received
in the Thanksgiving day tragedy. He la
suffering from internal injuries which, it
is feared, will result fatally. -';'-':-
Taken Horns From Glass Works.
James Quinn, Aged 12 Years, Was
PROBABLY FATALLY INJURED.
Hundreds of the schoolmates and boy
and girl friends of Virgil L. Newby vl3
ited the undertaking parlors at 228 Mc-
Allister stre«t yesterday from 9 a. m. to
1:30 pi m; to take a last look at the face
of their friend. The sad scene was re
peated with added Intensity at the ferry
depot at 4:30 o'clock, when the body was
shipped to Dlxon for burial. The grief
strjeken parents, Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin
¥. Newby, and a, number of friend3 a©
companied the body.
' Cornelius McMahon's funeral will De
held to-morrow at 1:30 o'clock from the
residence of his parents. 2511 Post street,
and thence to St. Dominic's Church for
services at 2 o'clock. Interment will be
In Holy Cross Cemetery- • "''vV;i;
' The funeral of Thomas Rippon will be
held this morning at 8:30 o'clock from his
late residence, 873. Halght street, and at
0 o'clock a solemn high mass for the re r
pose of his soul will be celebrated at
Sacred Heart Church. ¦» .->:
The funeral of William Valencia will ba
held at 1 p. m. from the residence of th»
grandfather of. deceased. Joseph Bcheide
ler. 105 CapD street, thence to St. Boniface
Church for service*. Interment will be in
Holy Cross Cemetery. . -'¦ - :
Funeral services for' Charles- Henry
Cummlngs win be held tills afternoon at
2 o'clock from the family residence. 1012
Page street. The body will be taken to
Sacramento, to-morrow morning for in
terment in Helvetia. Cemetery. .''/:'
Funeral services for Dante Monaco will
be held at 9 o'clock this morning from the
mortuary chapel' of the undertaking- par
lors at 2429 Mission street.
Robert Miller's funeral will be held at
10:30 o"clock*thls morning from the.under
taking parlors at 957 Mission street. In
terment will be in Laurel Hill Cemetery-
The funeral of Lawrence MleJ, ayed f)
years, wilt be held at 3 o'clock this after
noon from the home of his mother, Mrs.
Marlon Mlel. a teacher In the Horace
Mann School, of 3530 Twenty- third street.
Interment will be In Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Edgar J. Flahavan'3 funeral will b« held
at 1 p. m. from the home of his parents,
1S07 Howard stret. thence to the Church,
of St. Charles Borromeo, where services'
are to be held at 1:30 o'clock. "t
Funeral services for William Henry Eck
feldt. aged 12, will be held at 1:50 p. m.
from the residence of his parents, 1330
Howard street. The body will be buried
in Mount Olivet Cemetery.
chapel at 2425 Mission street, near T'»»».
ty-flrst. Interment will be In Laurel Hill
Cemetery. :?;. •
Barter's odorless oil heaters leave tb«
air pure and wholesome. ' Just the thins
for the nursery and sick room. Chas.
Brown & Son. SOT Market street, near
Fourth, San Francisco. . ••
Capitalist William Lund and his wife.
Margaret, whose troubles were.- aired in
the Police Court at a recent date, have
stipulated that the divorce action institut
ed by Lund be dismissed. An order was
yesterday made accordingly. . ¦
Lund Suit Dismissed.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2,. >1900.~;.
roll. That number of deathB would Bwell
the total to twenty-five. Besides these
Edward Duggan and Willie Connolly have
less than even chances to live.
The report that .Fred Garfehty, aged IS,
of 104 Devisadero street was fatally in
jured was a mistake. He received a frac
ture of the ankle and numerous bruises
and burns, but there is no doubt of his
recovery.
L. E. McCauley of 514 Leavenworth
street Is one of those who escaped with
comparatively slight injuries, though his
right wrist is brcken and the flesh terribly
cut and lacerated, and he has numerous
bruises and cuts on his body and head. He
was until lately a driver for the Under
writers' Fire Patrol.
Pages 23 to 32
Pap 23 to 32
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: A3) VJEi&TJKKM HtJTS.
THE ARMY OF HEALTH. .-
!Ilio Army In the Philippines Insigni-
ficant Compared With This One.
If all the people In th© United States,
fanada and Great Britain who make
<5allyuse of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
could be assembled together it would
malce an army that would outnumber our
a.rmy' of one hundred thousand by at least
tin to one.
Men and women who axe broken down
1 health are only a part of the thousands
who use this popular preparation; the
STe&ter number are people who are in fair
• health, "but who know that the way to
k*«p well is to keep the digestion per-
fect and use Etasart's Tablets as regularly
e« ' mesJ-tixne comes to Insure good diges-
tion and proper assimilation of food.
Prevention is always better than cure,
&r<d disease can find no foothold if the
cige^tion is kept In good working order
by the daily use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets.
Sir. Thomas Seale, Mayfleld. Cal., says:
"Have used and recommended Stuart's
Tab'ets because there is nothing like them
to keep the stomach right." 1
Hiss Lelia Dively, <£27 Plumxner street,
Plttsburg, Pa., writes: "I wish everyone
to know how grateful I em for Stuart's
'.I>yEp<;psSa Tablets. I suffered for a long
time said did not know what ailed me.
1 lost flesh right along, until one day I
noticed an advertisement of these tablets.
. and immediately bought a 60-cent box
at -the. drug store. I am only on the sec-
ond box and am gaining in flesh and
.00] or. I have at lest found something that
has reached my ailment."
.• From airs. Del. Eldred, Sun Prairie,
\Ws.: I was taken dizzy very suddenly
: during the hot weather of the past sum-
mer. Alter ten dayn of constant dizziness
I went to our local physician, who Bald
my liver was torpid j^a I had overheated
my blood. He doctored me for two weeks
without much improvement. I finally
thought of Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets
<whieb I had used long before for various
• bad feelings) and the first three tablets
. helped iue.
"They are easily the. best all around
family medicine I ever used,"
The army of people who take Stuart's
Tablets are mostly people in fairly good
health, and who keep well by taking them
• Jocularly after meals. They contain no
Sitiatfs, cocaine or any <^thartlc or in-
..JC-ous drugs; simply the natural peptones
*tsd digestives which every weak stomach
la-cks. " , •
Stuart's Dyepepsia Tablets ax* sold by
crugglsts everywhere In the United
Stales. Canada and Great Britain.
¦>¦ v ' V
£ The best way to know %
£ the excellence of our .*
'? $2.50 and $.1.50 shoes for V
i ladies is to visit us — see for £
rv yourself their many good .3
£ points. 2
h| You can buv lots of
p.; shoes for $2.50 and $.v>o. ?>
b but what are they? Most ~£
[J; of them dear at the price. ?
Sk ' It really • isn't so much ¦•'
jfr what you pay as what. 5
|i<; you Ret for what you pay. J
E) . Our extensive stock of s
IV shoes is new and fresh v
j* from the best makers in ¦ |
E America — perfect in de- v
rj tail, quality and shapeli- |
*£* ness — 'combtnine everv :
I.? necessary feature you de- it
|> mand in good shoes. You
f£ can depend on your \
Lr money's worth or your \
E money back. |
JLippittSFl/lier
I Up-To-D&ie Shoes of Quality ,
«PHILADELPHIA, Dec. l.-On
Franklin field to-day the navy re
trieved Its defeat of last year by
thrashing the army, by the score
of 11 to 7. It was a fierce contest
from beginning to end and was only won
by the hardest kind of playing on the part
of Annapolis cadets. The West Point boys
in the face of defeat never for a moment
weakened in their play, and won applause
and honor for their -gameness. Neither
team played gilt-edged football, but what
they lacked in the finer points of the game
the elevens more than made up by th«
earnestness of individual endeavor.
The greatest crowd that has assembled
on Franklin field in a number of years
was out to see the game, and many 1 men
distinguished In public life occupied seats
on either the West Point or the Annapolis
stands. Secretary Root and a party,
which included Lieutenant General Miles,
occupied a box on the army' side, and
when the War Secretary made his appear
ance he was honored by. the West Point
Academy yell. In other boxes and ecat
tered through the crowd in the soldiers'
stand were many other army officers, past
end present. Secretary Long was unable
to attend the game, but the .Navy . De-'
partment was just as fully represented in
numbers as was the other arm of the Gov
ernment service. Members of the'diplo
matic corps were on the navy stand, as
were also -a half-dozen officers of the Rus
sian imperial navy who are temporarily
stationed in this country.
Before the game began West Point was
the favorite in the betting, but within five
minutes after the kick-off it was Eeen that
whoever won would have to fight for the
victory. The Annapolis boys started out
with auch vigor that It was thought they
would win easily, but the West Pointers
kept their heads and settled down to a
determined contest. Both teams were
guilty of considerable fumbling, and most
of these mlsplays were made at critical
points In the b 'ame. As far as line buck-
Ing and plunging were concerned neither
team was the marked superior of the
other. Both lines, except In a few in
stances, when the ground gained was not
great, held quite firmly, which compelled
the captains to resort, to end running. At
this style of playing West Point was a lit
tle more successful. One of the features
of the game was the numerous attempts
made by Dong of the navy to kick goals
from the field. Eight times the "middies
worked the ball to within the army s for-,
ty-yard line, ond eight times Long tried
for a goal, the first three tries were
badly aimed, his next four attempts vrerp
blocked and on the eighth try the ball
sailed beautifully between the goal-posts.
His perseverarice won for him * ne - *£"¦
plause of army, and navy supporters alike.
In the' punting line the navy had mucn
the better of It. During the llrst hall
Belknap had difficulty in placing his
kicks, whidh were also rather short, put
in the second period of play his punting
was almost perfect. - • .¦ ¦¦;¦ '
There was a vast difference in the inter
ference of the two elevens. •'Whenever -.a
navy Cadet had the ball he was seldom
protected, while the army's runner was
well covered. ¦ . • . '-
Th-> first score made by either side was
a field goal by Clark for West Point. The
navy had ma do four attempts at a field
goal up to this time and on the last try
the army secured the ball on the kick be
ing blocked. The West Pointers -slowly
worked the leather to the navy's tw.enty
flve-yard line and then Clark dropped
back and booted the balljbetween the goal
posts. There was no more scoring in the
first half. ,
In the second half the Annapolis cadets
got possession of the ball on the ten-yard
line on a fumble after an .exchange of
kicks. Long, for the navy, dropped back
five yards for his seventh trial for a field
goal, but the ball was blocked and one of
his own men secured it. He immediately
tried it again on the flfteen-yard line and
this time he was successful, which tied
the scorer. • -
A few minutes late the middles forged
to the front. They secured the ball on the
In-field on an exchange of kicks and Belk
nap punted to the army's ten-yard line,
where one of. tho soldier halfbacks fum
bled the leather and a gallor dropped on
it. The middies tried the right of the
army's line, but failed' to gain.
On the next line-up, however, Land was
given the ball and went through the West
Point line like a flash for the only touch
down scored in the game. Fowler Ttlcked
the goal. • ' ¦ ¦'¦-.-"¦
Shortly before time was called the navy
got the ball on a kick on their own five
yard line. Belknap attempted to kick it
out of danger, biit Finn blocked the effort
and the ball rolled over the firoal line. It
was a desperate moment and both teams
tore after the bounding leather, but Long
fell on it for a safety and prevented the
possibility of West Point tying the score.
Following la the. line-up: . .
Annapolis. Position. West Point.
Read ....Left end.. ..Smith (Capt.)
Williams..* I>«ft tackle.Farnsworth,- Finn
Fremont -.:..Left guard...... ...Bnyer:
Whitlock Center ................Bettlson
Bslknap. Right guard Ooodsp«ed
Adams Right tackle....^. Bunker
Nichols Right end Burnett. Seel
Long \ Quarterback.La.hm. Williams-
Fowler (Cart.) Left half.l Case. Hackett
Land ......Right half Clark, Phlpps
Smith. Manly Fullback... .Phillips. Nichols
Final score— Annapolis 11.- West Point 7.
Touchdown — Land. Goal from touchdown —
Fowler. Goals from Held— Clark, Long.
Qpen stake, first round— J. Dean's Gallant
beat A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty, 16-8;
George Nethercctt's Floodgate beat J. Car
roll:* Auckland, 6-2; K. H. Mulcaster's Safe
guard, a bye; Pasha Kennels' Kude Awakening
beat J. Dean's Warco, 3-0; D. J. Healey's Lady
Claire beat J. M. Helton's Tic Tac, 10-2; rtus
sell & Allen's Faithful Lad beat A. linker's
Kanaka, 6-2; T. J. Cronln's Vixen bent Pasha
Kennels" Rival's Annwer, 17-12; R. B. de 13.
Lopez's Warrifral beat 1'asha Kennels' Klsky
Attempt, 9-3; H. Lynch's Emma M beat D. J.
IIealey'» Nlcaslo, 3-0; Aeneitl Kennels' Aga
memnon beat F. Sehou's Lady Gler.klrk. 19-5;
H. Lynch's Ls"ddlte beat J. Ilolden's Scottish
Chief. 8-1; James Sheridan's Forest King beat,
Riwell & Allen's Talk to Me. 4-0; Curtis &
SonB' Warpath beat J. P. Thrift's Sir Hughle,
18-11; E. Burke 1 * Nl«ht Time beat James Sher
idan's Tim Murphy. 9-4; A. Johnson's Bald
Katfle beat O. Zahl's MISs Wilson, o-Z; II. L.
Taylor's Heauty Spot beat ShlaHnl Uros.'
Bunko BUI, 1S-10; Captain Clarkson's Head
water beat Aeneld Kennels Achilles, 22-15; J.
Keenan'R Lady Sears beat N. P. Whiting's St.
Anthony. 6-2; Curtis & Sons' Cash beat H. II.
Gray's Bannockburn, 10-0; Curti« x & Sons' War
Kasle beat P. Jackson' s> ; Golden Rueset, 9-7;
Pasha Kennels* May Heriipstead beat Chlarlnl
Bros.' Zantonln, 7-6; J. Keenan's Lundin Links
beat Erwin & Lyons* Silver Wings. 4-2: K. M.
KellogKs' Kid McCoy beat J. J. Edmonds"
Morning Glory. 7-5: Rurs?U dc Allen's Belle
Claire beat Pasha Kennels' Keve d'Amour, 4-0;
E. M. KellogK'a B?n'« Babe beat Curtis &
Sons' Kibosh. 7-3; Pasha Kennels' Rest As
sured beat L. P. Bartels' Beer Brewer, 5-0;
J. Dean's Slsquoc beat R.' K. de B. Lopez's
Werlbee. 14-4; H. A. Deckelman's Rocker beat
Curtis & Sons' Cavalier, 26-12; Captain Cane's
Miss Penman b?at F. A. MrComb'B Sir Pa?ha.
25-11; F. Jones' Wedgewood beat Curtl6 &
Rons' Kcho. 6-1: K. M. Kellogi's
Sweet Emma beat-'J. P. Thrift's For
get, 21-6; E. M. KellORg's' Iowa Boy
beat Aeneld Kennels' Flying Faster. 27-5;
Husspll & Allen's Contaway beat Sterl A
Knowles' Amarosa, 12-5; T. J. Cronln's Wild
Tralee beat J. P.' Thrift's .Tyrone Prince, 5-0;
J'urha Kennels' Roman Athlete beat Georfco
AVhltney's Theron, .8-4;-J. Kennedy's Kver Sure
beat W. L. Stevens' Hermuda, 8-2; Georpe
Sharman's Bowery Boy beat J. J. Edmonds'
Go On, 8-6; T. J. Cronin's Vandal beat George
Parkinson's Hen Lomond, 4-0; E. Baumelster's
Los Angeles beat Curtis & Sons' Roslnante,
6-0; C. Bonar's Wild Norah beat T. J. Cronln's
Daisy Dale. 17-5; F. A. McComb's Little Slater
beat Curtis & Sons' McKlnley. 6-0; It. E. de
B. Lopez's Diablo beat J. Button's Master Law
rence, 2-0; Georgre Sharman's Chicago Boy beat
Pasha Kennels' Reckless Archer, 6-4; P. .1.
Rfllly's Honesty beat H. Lynch's Game Code,
9-4; D. Toland's Pleasant Olrl brat A. Van
derwhite's Lear King, 6-4; H. A. Deckclman's
Lawrence beat P. Doyle's Liberator. 13-11; F.
Jones* Tom Hurllck beat R. E. de H. Lopez's
Warrlgo. 4-2: Russell & Allen's First Foot beat
L. F. Bartels' Bet»y Barrow, 5-0; Curtla
& Sons' Narcissus beat G. Lennon's
Sir Crawford. 5-0; P. Jackson's Honor
Bright beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Mtnnl*
Wa Wa, 3-2; T. Ticmey's Lueretla Borgia beat
Chiarlnt Bros.' Brass Button, G-4; Pasha Kon
ne.ls' Royal Anne beat O. Zahl's Mis<» Allen.
22-0; Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend beat Captain
Cane's Master Davenport. 4-1; Sterl &
Knowlcs' For Glorj' beat George Xethercott'a
Ruby R, 8-3; Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells
beat L. Q. Hodgkln's Palmflowrr. 16-9; L. F.
Bartels' Best Bargain beat A. Johnson's Low
lander. 6-S. . ¦ - . •-'
Gallant beat Mountain Beauty, Faithful'
Lad beat Kanaka, Lady Sears beat St.
Anthony, Rest Assured beat Beer Brewer
ond Miss Penman beat Sir Pasha at 5 to
3; Emma M"beat Nlcaslo, May Hempstead
boat Santonin, Lundin Links beat Silver
Wings and Diablo beat Master Lawrence
at 2 to 1; Vixen beat Rival's Answer and
Warrlgal beat Risky Attempt at 3 to 1;
Lyddite beat Scottish Chief, War Eagle
beat Golden Russet and Firm Friend beat
Master Davenport at 6 to 2.
The winners In the second round look
to be Floodgate, Rude Awakening, Lady
Clalr. Warrlgal, ' Agamemnon, Forest
King, Warpath, Beauty Spot, Headwater,
Cash, War Eagle, Belle Clalr, lien's Babe.
Rlsquoc, Wedgewood, Castaway, Wild
Tralee, Roman ¦ Athlete, Vandal. Wild
Norah, Little Sister, Honesty, Pleasant
Girl, Tom Hurllck, .Narcissus, Royal
Anne, For Glory and Best Bargain.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's ofllclal scores, follow:
The run-down of the big 112-dog open
stake at Union Coursing Park yesterday
was productive of many good tests.'; In
the lirst half of the programme •' elaven
ihort-ends upset calculations and kept the
wise ones guessing in' their efforts toSplck
a winner. v Kxceptine the course inlwhlch
Way. Hemps tead outworked Santonin the
favorites were led to . the hare, jff Form
players had better luck In the last half,
however, as all but three of their selec
tions had their colors raised. Narcissus
tooK an easy victory from Sir Crawford,
doing but light worK and by his clever
tr.ess keeping his opponent away from the
game and preventing a point being made
against him.
¦ The finals to-day are made up of evenly
matched does and close and interesting
coursing Is predicted. -Wedgewood had a
short run, which will not hurt his chances.
Floodgate had easy going and ls looked
upon to reach well down on the card.
Vandal showed considerable dash and vim
In his course with Ben Lomond, leading
a good distance from the start and shut
ting out Parkinson's dog In the adding
up of points. Vandal ls a candidate for
one of the good places on the bottonx of
the card and it would not be surprising if
he were a contestant In the deciding
course.
Are Strong Candidates for
Position. .
Wedg«-wood, Too, Is Quoted at Top
. Price— Floodgate and Vandal
Talent Once More Figures
the Fast Hound to* Win
Final Honors.
NARCISSUS AGAIN
A STAKE FAVORITE
WEST POINT TEAM GOES
DOWN BEFORE ANNAPOLIS
Score Was Close and Field Goals Played, a
Prominent Part in the Scoring,
fPTOODS FOTJGHT THE
VUEL WITH LAWTON
The quls who fougrbt the bloo<iless duel
¦rltti Tbomzji Ijawton, teamster. In Mol-
Urr'e ealooci, 80 Ea»t Rtreet, Friday af ter-
Boca 1* Frank Woods, a bollermaker, and
the polle* have a warrant for his arrest
oa tbe charsra of assault with a deadly
iXejppeex* that Woods and I>awton
fOoaei with Mrs. Keyes et 2S Minna
street. Dot three weeks ago. so It ls paid,
Kw.oo&M tra& ordered to leave by Mrs.
[•Cej-e*. H« doclaxed that he would have
El's) r*rwi« upon ber. TTiankselvinc
tight he called at the house with a friend
ir.d alter upbraiding; Mrs. Keyes pulled
k. revolver out of his pocket ana. It ls al
lec«d. fired a shot at her which fortu
pately missed her. Before he could fire
train La.wton jumped In front of Mrs.
¦Kercs and the second bullet struck him
on the breast, glancing: off after infllct-
Ing a flesh wemnd and lodping in the
wall.' Woods and nls friend tben left.
L/a-wton was notified that Woods htd
threatened to shoot him on sijht. bo he
took the precaution to carry a revolver,
•Lnd -when they met in Molloy's salooa fir
fec cocnaenced, Lawton all+frtng that
tVoods fired the first shot. Woods es
paped EEd LaTTton was arrested. He ap
peared before Judge Megan yesterday
tnd after being: Instructed as to his rights
the cauoe vu continued till Tuesday. Mrs.
Keyes «-»rpre to the warrant for Woods'
arrest and Detective Dillon was detailed
~J££2£2£}L££?^ fast. *
1420. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; nialdpn two-yeaf-olds; purse,. J360. .
Index morse and Weigh t.ifTt] St. H- %.. Str. Fin. ' Jockeys. ' Op. PL
US* Courtier 103 C|5 8H 2 H lh 1 > O'Connor^ T5 Ts 1 !-5
»1* Rav | lln * 106 7 « <1 <2 «1 22 Weddersfd 4 7 7 6-2
SJSf 5 1 , 6onoro 103 6 < 12 11 :» 31 Domlnlck ... 4 S -6 *
1-&, .Picklow 100. 3 8 22 SX 3h4H Coburn 6 10 10 4
.... jKstelada 106 96 61 5 4 64 65 J. Daly 10 60 60 20
1391 (Missel ico 12 6 1 7 2 7 8 6 1 Mouncs 20 50 W 20,
•;;• Abba I, IOC 89 71 01 6h 71 Brodlen .... 10 15 15 5
3..S4 UUusion 107 479 S 8286 Knrmll 4 10 10 4
UIO :ImmodelI llaj 2 JL g_H g H g 9 F. Kelly.... 30 100. 100 49
T1 ™ e ~ \' :l ? : *¦ :36 '4: %. 1:01';. Oood start. Won flr»t three driving. Warner. U H. Erell's
b. g. by Kingston-Lou Payne. Winner due and a Rhad« better than Raveling. Sonoro none
too game. Scratched— Lurayo 100, Lucera 103. 103.
1421. SECOND RA.CE— Six and a half furlongs; handicap; two-rear-olde; pure*, »5C0.
i • IPo. , liettlng ¦ \
IndexjHorse and Weight. fPst St. U. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1SS5 JCarmore 110 IS «H51 lh 11 Mounce 0-5 8-5 6-5 1-1
•¦•• TVr 107 4 1 lh 34 2 >4 t n J. Martin... 10 V> lfi »
IS! :Janlc« 107 82 4h 4h 31 32 O'Connor ... « 8 « ?
1392 |Bab 89 78 t> 72 42 46J. Miller.... 8-2 10 t . i
(13Sa) ibtide S3 17 l'i 5>i B2 5 2 Domlnlck... I 11-1 6 2
1355 jDiaerot 1M 5 8 2h 2h 6466 Coburn 4 I 1* '¦ I ¦'
Ii67 Articulate 9J S 6 72 61 787 10 Ransch 3 15 12 4
-1246 ISC Rica ..10S C 4 1 H S t i Logue | • '• * 8
Time— 3-16, -1SH: 5-18, :t2hi: 8-16. :55; SV,t.' 1:20%. Good start. Won handily. Second and
third driving. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. c. by imp. Midlothian-Fanny Louiee.
Canmore a poor one retting away from barrier. Tyr stood a drive gamely. Janice Is
plckincup. Diderot had early speed. Scratched— Golden Age 128. »Coupled with Diderot.
142a. THIRD RACE— Two mllea; hurdle; throe-year-olds and up; purge. S65.
I itPo. , Betting \
Index Horse, Xf% Weight. Pst St. lm. 1H. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
(1410) Eva Moe. S 127 2 2 12 11 ISO 1 £0 Cairns ...... 1-8 2-5 2-5 —
Me«tor, a 167 4 3 3 3 2 2 Cooper 10 16 15 S
1416 Lomo, f 1S7 11 2 40 I SO Fell Evans 4 4 4 6-5
1410 iBallsta, ?.... 137] I Bolted McKenna .. T 10 10 3-2
Time— S:J3U. Good start. Won easily. Winner. J. Fleming's ch. f. by King Eric-Dutch
Girt. Lomo will give winner an argument under different conditions. Former stumbled
aftertaklngjaat jump. BalUtaJ&olted^ j"°}Pl"g^ him _rlder. Scratched— Evirato 135.
141T3. FOURTH RACE — One mile; the Gold Vase; three-year-olds and up; value, $3025. '
__ . Betting
Index Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St- U. • H. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
1411 Andrisa. t 88 4 4 5% SH 1 ",i IS Mounce .... 3 7-2 7-2 6-5
(1405) The Lady. S 105 8 8 81 8H 2 4 24 E. Ross 6' 15 12 5
1411 AdVnce Guard, 3.11S 2 7 7V4 "H 5 1 Sm N'. Turner.. 5 6. 8WI
(1363) Modrine, S 108 61 2h Sb. 42 41 O'Connor... 1-5 11-5.11-5 »-10
14U Eddie Jones, 5.. .110 78 8 8.78 68 Weddersfd 10 20 20 7
1411 Gonfalon. 3 108 3 6 42 42 8H62 Coburn 3 9-2 $-2 8
1405— .Wooster Boy. 3.. 98 6 6 68 65 61 76 Martin • • • »
133" J._ A. Morris, 4..110J 1[2 lh In 8 8 Domlnlck .. 6 12 12 6
Time— U. :25U; H. :49; K. fclttiS mile, 1:40. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. f. by imp. St. Andrew-Fanny Louise. Andrisa
much the best. Advance Guard sore. Modrine pulled up lame. So did Morris. Gonfalon
no speed. Wooster Boy bumped soon after start. Scratched— Prejudice 111, Gold Or 101. Ve
suvian 113, Handlcapper 9S, Tayon 101. 'Coupled -with Gonfalon.-
rtS^l^lFTyRACii^^^
_ _ _ Betting s
Index Horse and Weight. Pst St. %. %. Ktr. Fin. J - Jockeys. Op. . III. Cl. PI.
1408 Mitten 110 ~T 1 3~1 SI 2 H 11 JCoburn 8-S »-5 8-5 2-5
1S79 Coming Event ...110 12 24 1>4 14 22 Weddersfd 4-5 4-5 *4-5 1-4
1SKS Hindoo Princess.. 110 21 41 42 4 15 3 2 Mounce .... 10 20 .80 4
11P3 Kitty Kelly 110 6 4 In 2682 41 J. Martin... 15 10 10 2
J ?7A iMorella 112] 4 6 6 5 ' 5 5 Fallehy 1 30 100 100 ft)
Time— M, :25%;-4, :50; \, 1:16; mile. 1:43%: Good start. Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner, A. Simons' br. f. by King Erlc-Tara Blackburn. Wedderstrand made too
much use of Event. _ Well rated aheTt-ould_lmv^_won :^^^^^^_^^^^^_^_^_^^^^_^^^^^^^^^^
14-5. SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; maidens; three-year-olds and up;
purse. 1350. ; . .
j Po! ~ 1 " ~ f Betting
Index Horse, Age. Weight. Pst St \k. %• Etr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
1S77 Free Paes. 3 134 26 42 3 4 ... In Fallehy 15 15 15 «
12SJ Onyx 4 119 66 SH 23 ... in Frawley ... 10 15 15 «"
1203 William F. 8 114 12 8 7 3 7 3 ... 8 ns E. Ross 10 20 20 8
13*8 Letlger I 114 11 It .11 »2 ... 4H O'Connor... 5 6 8 7-5
1334 Eight Dollars. 4.122 10 S 10 8 U ... 6 3 F.Kelly 2 14-6 S-2 1
1360 Tlngr-a-Llng. 7 9 5 1 SH ... « 10 J. Woods.... 3 3 6-2 1
1402 Anita bTs. 114 9 1 2 3 la ... 7 2 H. Shields.. 8 8.8 3
1360 May Boy. 5. 119 3 4 12 .11 ... 8 H C. Russell.. 23 80 80 25
1294 J'ge Shorpsh'e. 3.114 6 10 » 4 10 ... » * Fogg '. 40 100 100 40
1J60 Dianora. 4 119 8 11 8 5 12 ... 10 2 Dreyfus .... 60 100 100 40
1377 Kemeslsl 3 114 17 3 V4 t U ... 1110 Klley 15 15 15 7
1506 Lady Maud. 3 114 4 2 In 4 H ... 12 Wedderst'fl 10 20 20 t
Time— 1-16, :07; 5-16, :3OH; 9-16. :45V4: 6Hf. l:23H- Poor start. Won first three driving. Wln
ner Earl & Co.'s b. t. by Apache-My Badge. Free Pass outgamed . Onyx. Letlger propped
at 'start losing much ground. Eight Dollars has suspicious underpinning.
Prince Per. tatowski and W. H. Crocker
''.evidently tiave unbounded confidence in
the permanent vaJue of racetrack proper
ties on Uae peninsula. They have acquired
ownership of. lngleside, as well as of Tan
foran. ' ¦ • • ' '
Negotiations, which were begun some
fiaye aro for the control of Ir.grleside. cul
tnlnateS yesterday in the purchase by
prtr.es PonJatowskt of the stock held by
Ccrrigan and Uliraan. It is understood
that the wealth of W. II. Crocker enabled
On) Prince to obtain control of the prop
erty. ' -
Interests In the Ir.gleslfle track, other
¦{tan those which Corrlgan and Ullman
represented, have been acquired. Shares
sfetock in the Ingleside Association,
f^ich were owned by Thomas H. Wil-
Jftcxs Jr., vrere yesterday purchased bj-
Wr. Crocker and the Prince. A check
jlos&is; tha transaction was received by
ilk wdlatna-
Btock Holding* of Thomas EL "Wil
liams Jr. and of Joseph TJ11
: man Have Also Been
Purchased. . .
Prince Poniatowski and W.
:R. Crocker Acquire Own
¦-¦; ;-.-.. ersbip of Stock.
CORRIGftH OUT
OF EN&LESIDE
PRAISES AMERICAN JOCKEYS.
John Corlett, an English Turfman,
Pays a Generous Tribute.
LONDON, Dec. 1.— No more teneroua
tribute to the American jockey's horse
manship could be written than appears in
tho Sporting Times, over the signature of
John-Corlett, one of tne.best racing au
thorities in England and himself a horse
6wner. He -points '.out" that no less than
five Americans are included In the first
ten winning" jockeys of the year and says
It would have been six if Maher had come
over earlier. 'He continues:/ •
"There is no such: conservative anj*
where ; as the ,Bng'lish turfman -and wo
have said enough to: ahow the amount of
prejudice the "American jockeys have had
to conquer. There is one thing, however,
(hat the English ! turfman thoroughly be
.llevesin.'and thatis petting there. This
the Americans *havo" done with a
.vengeance, and' It is sheer merit which has
secured them. | the position : they now hold
even In England." ' \ . -.: ¦;,
The general^ and Augenblick explained
the facts to Warrant Clerk Peery, who
expressed a doubt as to the case coming
under 1 the category of trick arid device.
He wrote 'out the complaint, but none of
the Judges would sign It after hearing
Augenbllck's statement, and to-morrow
the faro players will probably get back
their money. •
The faro players arrested in the Bur
lington House, Market street, again ap
peared before Judge" Conlan yesterday,
and tho Judge finally accepted their plea
of guilty.'... Ha' sentenced Frank McDon
ald, the conductor, to pay a fine of $20. and
on the four visitors. $5 each, remarking
that he could not see any distinction be
tween white and Chinese gamblers.
General Salomon, representing Mark
Augenbllck, proprietor of a saloon on
Market street." opposite Jones, asked the
Judge not to sign an order for the return
of the money • found on the defendants
when arrested, as it had been obtained
from Augenbllck by trick and device. He
Intended securing warrants for their ar
rest on the charge of grand larceny. They
had Induced Augenbllck to play the game
by false representations, and he lost $550.
The Judge agreed not to issue 'the order
until to-morrow..
of Grand Larceny Is
" vv.'.* : ::\ Refused.
Warrant for Their Arrest on a Charge
FARO PLAYERS FINED
SAME AS CHINESE
A general election costs Chicago about
$250,000. *'tf:&kr;':.>i
LOS AXGEL.ES. Dec. 1.— H. H. Lyons.
F. A. Harrington and Tom Brennan of
the Lcs Angeles Coursing Club are
charged with conspiring to commit a
crime. In addition Lyons Is cited to ap
pear before Justice Jameson on a com
plaint alleging cruelty to animals. Tho
first named offense is punishable by a fine
of $1000 or one year in the county Jail.
The accusations are the outgrowth of the
fight to prevent coursing in this vicinity
and on the issue probably depends tho
fate of the sport in Los Angeles County.
Not only this, but the new phase of tho
fight will enable the matter to be brought
to the attention of • ;he Supreme Court
of the State and the result in a -verdict
which will be of vital importance to
coursing interests throughout the State.
Charge of Cruelty to
Animals. 1 . .
Suit Is Brought in Los Angeles on a
LAWSUIT TO DECIDE • "". -. "": 7
FATE OF COURSINQ
In addition to the tournament players
several other golfers went around the
course, among them being J. S. T#bin, L.
B. Edwards. Warren Gregory and John
i^awson, who was accomparrted by Robert
Johnstone. the club rjrofessional.
The Oakland Golf Culb' has sent in a
challenge to the San Francisco Golf Club
for a team match on similar conditions
to the two matches played in previous
vears. It will be some weeks yet, how
ever, before the first match of the series
H B. Goodwin haa recovered from his
indisposition and was . at the clubhouse
yesterday. The final round between S. U
Abbot Jr. and H. B. Goodwin for the
council's cup will not take place for one
OI The captain of the San Francisco Golf
Club has received a communication from
the Santa Fe Railway Company, stating
that In conjunction with the Southern Pa
cific Comnanv it Is about to bring the
celebrated golfers. Willie Smith and
David Bell, to California, to play a series
of exhibition matches, and asking wheth
er the professionals may visit the Presidio
links on March 4 and 5. The San Fran
cisco Golf Club will probably hold an open
tournament on those days, which may be
entered by any golfers, amateur or pro
fessional, and will offer first and second
prizes for the event.
Runs responsible f or— Doyl« 1. Harp«r S. Two
base hits— Ea*an. McCarthy. McOucken, Sacri
fic« hits— Stanley S. First base on errors-
Sacramento ?• First taso. on balls— Oft Doyle
I off Harper 7. Left on bases — Sacramento 8.
Stockton «. Struck out— By Doyle 4. by Harper
2. Hit by pitcher— Deversaux, McLaughlin,
Babbitt. Balk— Harper. Tassed ball— Graham.
Wild pitch— Harper. Tlmo of iram*— On* hour
and thirty-five minutes. Umplni — Oeorga Van
Haltren. Scorer— I. C. Nathan.
SUMMART.
Totals ;-,» 1 .4 1 21 14
RUNS AND. KITS BT INNXNO3.
Sacramento - » J > « • » 0-»
liase hits 0 0 J 0 0 2 0— *
StSon J 0 0 0 0 0 0-1
Basa Mt» J 0. 1 0 0 0 1—4
Gsm« called on account of darkness at the
end of the seventh- lnnlnjr. . .->;-_¦/•;
AH R. BH. SBL PO. A. E.
McCarthy. IX - J 11 0 6 0 0
McGucken. cf ....... \ • \ \ \ \ \
Moore, ab » • • • • \ %
McHale, rf ~ • | 5 J i 5 ? .2
Graham, o. •• | . »¦ • \ I \ 2
Babbitt, m • JO • \ \ I'
?on^Ton. p ib ::.. .j _» _o j j 2 1
Total* :..~..2S » * 0 .21 » •
STOCKTON. j
Miss Mullins and Dr. Clark Win
From Nine Couples by Six
Strokes.
The mixed foursomes, over eighteen
holes, medal play, with handicap, attract
ed a large number of players to the Pre
sidio links yesterday afternoon, no fewer
than ten couples entering the tournament.
The best net score was made_ by Miss
Maud Mullins and Dr. Clark, who. with a
handicap of 10, had a net of 99. Thebesi
cross score was handed in by Mrs. R.
Oilman Brown and R. GUman Brown-10,
for the eighteen holes. The full results
are given below:
SAN FRANCIPCO GOLF CLUB— MIXED
FOURSOMES.
MIXED FOURSOMES ON
THE PRESIDIO LINKS
The second association football match
between* tha Vampires and the Sailors* In
stitute team, the former captained, by H.
V. Turner and the latter by the Rev. A.
B. H. Karney, was played yesterday
afternoon on the Presidio. athletic ground.
Both teams played a better game than on
the occasion of their first meeting: two
weeks ago, but the sailors were unable
to score against their -opponents,- the
game ending 2 to 0, in favor of the Vam
pires. The winners scored one goal In tha
first half. Buckley sending the ball under
the crossbar juat before, the whistle
sounded for half time. For the second
half the teams changed enda, the Vam-i
l pires playing against a light wind; but
the sailors, though they made many vig
orous efforts, were unable to score. Caa
ldy kicked a goal for the Vampires. The
teams lined up as wollows:
. Vampires. Positions^ Seamen's In. .
Humphreys ;.... Goalkeeper ¦ Farrell
Turner Fullback McGlll
Robertson Fullback .......Johnson
McOaw Halfback -.Blake
Dugvan Halfback Hutton
Wilding .....Halfback .Feran
Chambers Right forward Wllldlst
Buchley R!s ht forward O* Brlen
Casidy Center f'd..Rev. A. : Karney
Bishop Left forward Robertson
Wttlll.« Left forward YFltby
British Sailors Defeated Two Goals
to Nothing After a Close
Game.. ' .
VAMPIBES WIN FEOM . " • " ¦
seaman's htstituti:
Kuns responsible for— McakSnian 8. Ibure 3.
Horns run— ArreUanes. Three-base, hit—Arrell
anea. Two-base hit»— Schwartz. Krug. Sacrl
fie* blts-^-Pabst. Drennaa, HutchSnson. tint
boae on errors— Oakland K Ban Francisco 2.
First baae on callod bails— Oakland 3. 3aa Fran
ctsco 2. Left on bases— Oakland 7. San Fran-
Cisco «. Struck out-By Mo«klir.an 6. by Iburg
V Hit by pitcher-Krug (2).. Held. Double
pUys— Brockhoff to Krug to Pabst: FrancSca to
Arrellanea to Lohman;' Arrellanea to Fraccks to
>lutchlnson. Passed ball— Sciiwarta. Wild
pitch— Mosklman. Tima of same- 1 hour aM SO
minutes. ' UmDlre-^-Jlni McDonald. Official
¦corer— J. "W. ataylet »n. ¦
SA.CRA3ttENTO WHTS.
Darkness Ends tho Game at the Capi
tal City.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 1.— Seven innings
were played at Oak Park before night
Bettled down and ended the game. Tho
game was slow and was witnessed by. less
than 100 persona. Doyle was an enigma to
the- visitors and wa» touched for only four
safe hits.;- Score:
"SACRAMENTO.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
D«vereaux. Sb ....... 4 2 0 Oil 0
Sheehan.rf J * °» } ° °
Stanley, o 1 « « « * J '•
Eagan, 83 ,...,1 J 1 • » 4 0
TVivle ¦ D •• 4 1 > 0-0 * 0
SSii/hiKi* --« * ? g i « •
SVJIMART.
AB. B. BH. SB. PCX A. E.
Drennan. c f........ * 1 1 ? . I 0 «
Francks. sa \ 0 1 t J J 9
Herd. r. t » * $ » $ ? I
Arrellanes; 2b 5 .» 8 0 J 8 3
Hutchinaon. lb.. 3 • 1 0 » 11 0 0
Mosklrcan, p.. ....... 4 » « » • •
Bowman, 1. f * 0 • 0 J 0 0
Lohman. c .....3 0 . X . 4 \ I 0
Kelly.- 3b ...~.~_4 _1 J _* J J J>
• Totals ....,..,..,-25. I 1 1 ** 1* »
., BAN FRANCISCO. . • .
: : .- AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. 4b—. 4 2 * \ f I «
Pabst. lb :...... 8 * ¦ } r J | |
Kitzpatricfc. c. t....~ 4, 0 0 0 0 9 X
L«vy*ri.. 0 0 0 4 » 0
ReUly.. Sb. ............. 4 O 0 . 1 0 6 j-
Iturg p..,..., r .......^4 _» 111 1 1
• Totals...... ......83 •": 10. S 24 II U
I RUNSjiXQ HITS BY INNING&
Oakland .................. --S 0 0 0 0 0 t V- *m
Base hits ................3 * 1 0 0 0 1 1- H
San FranoUco,.— 4 0 0 10 0 0 0-4
Bas« hlU ............... .4 0 13 0 11 0-l»>
OAKLAND.
was triumphantly successful until th»
seventh inning,.- when Arrellanes batted
the ball over the center field fenc« — that
portion which the wind storm, left stand-^
ing. Held was on second when this hap/1
pened. In the next inning Kelly, who waa 7
on first on account of a erievoua error
by Pab*t, scored on Franck's hit. tlelng
the score.
The fourth liming added two runs to tha
local account. Brockhoff led with a bit.
Krug rolled out a two-bagsrer and both
scored on Pabst's bit.
The gttm© to-day between Oakland and
San Francisco will wind up the season
of 13C0; The score: ?.
FYIsco started out to win. which effort
Darkness cut short the game- yesterday
at Recreation ground3at the outset of the
ninth : inning, neither, the Dudes nor the
Wasps having the advantage In the mat
ter of nins. The game was of the farce
order and heavily packed with bristling
errors. . but nobody' seemed to care.
Ban Francisco 6, Oakland 6..
aiatch Between'the Same Teams This
Afternoon Will Closs the
.. •... : Baseball Ssason of . . .'
¦ /' ¦¦¦:-. .: .':•¦.. isoo. .¦•"¦'••¦•¦]
San Francisco and Oakland
Tied in the Ninth
. Inning.
DARKNESS ENDS
AN EVEN GAME
DAY OF SPORT ON THE FIELD, TRACK AND GRIDIRON
But come at once and get; your Christmas
suit. AH will be cold now at the assignee's
sale of clothing/ 775 Market street ; I will
make you buy men's clothing, no matter
whether you need It or- not. 600 men's
genuine worsted Euits, that coat $15 each,
and every one of them to-morrow you can
buy for tt 85 a suit at the assignee sale 'of
clothing: of the Boston,' 776 Market street
near Fourth. P. C. Kelly, assignee. V
1>6 Not Delay,
There is apparently no end to the racing
luck of Walter Jennings. On Thanksgiv
ing day his spanking good three-year-old
Ve^bvian annexed the autumn handicap,
with his stable companion Andrisa a close
third. At Tanforan Park yesterday An
drisa., with Mounce in the saddle, took the
Gold Vase, one of the more classic of the
Ban Francisco Jockey Club's new stakes,
from a select field. Under the conditions
of the race the filly got in with ninety
eight pounds on her back, and the 3% to 1
laid In the ring looked most appetizing to
the Saturday gathering of race-goers.
Green Morris felt positive Modrine, carry-
Ing only 108, would be well nigh Invincible,
and though a mile Is a trifle further than
the colt wants to go he was made the fa
vorite. Wooster Boy and Gonfalon, the
Hildreth pair, and the game but roughly
used Advance Guard came . in for their
ehare of support. The Lady seemed the
least bit outclassed at first glance, espe
cially as she picked up 105 pounds, but she
surprised seven out of ten turfites by her
showing. The horses were called after the
deciding, of the hurdle event, and Starter
Dwyer released the barrier to an almost
perfect start. There was some of the cus
tomary crowding at the first turn, which
did not do Wooster Boy much good, for
he was never after prominent. For the
first half-mile John A, Morris and Modrine
did some catchy stunts out in front, and
retired. The Lady then picked up the run
ning, but Andrisa, only galloping, was
soon at her elde. Mounce Just called on
his mount once, and though Ross "set It
in" hard on. The Lady, Andrisa won by
three lengths in 1:40 flat. Behind Ezell's
mare, Modrine and Advance Guard had it
hot and heavy for third place honors,
Turner on Guard getting the decision by a
nose. The value of the stake to the win
ner. In addition to the beautiful gold vase
valued at $1000, was $2403 75. The second
horse received $400, the third $200.
Favorites started in well by capturing
the first three numbers, which ended their
part in the exercises. The other winners
ell received backing with the exception
of Free Pass, which seemed to have been
overlooked. •:•-¦'-'.•>
Courtier, from the stable of Louis
Ezell. with Winnie O'Connor up, found
time to win the opening spin for maiden
two-year-olds. An even money chance It
took some riding to land him first at the
Starter Dick Dwyer has asked Princo
Ponlatowski to be allowed to use the re
call flag. While his work during the meet-
Ing Just ended has been of the highest or
der it appears Dick Is fearful a mistake
will happen and h« will come In for severe
censure. The Prlnc© is loth to concede tho
request. • .
Bob Smith, with a carload of, fourteen
horse*, arrived at Ingleside track -from
New Tork yesterday. Among Bob's lo*
are Colonel Roosevelt and Orayfeld, two
very useful performers. In the- car came
Beau Ormonde, the «on of Ormonde,
owned by W. O'B. Macdonough.
Andrisa is a product of Rancho del Pa«o
and after the stake race Walter Jennings
said he Intended presenting tho magnifi
cent gold vase to J. Ii. Hagrgln, owner of
the great breeding farm. Mr. Jennings la
popular with turfmeu the country over
and the mare's victory wu a dectdedlv
popular one.
As Advance Guard was a starter in tho
stake event it was with the permission
of the Judges that Jack Martin, who la
under contract to Carruthens & Shields
was allowed to ride Wooster Boy. It wrb
reported Sam Hildreth gave $500 for th<j
boy's services, which is doubtful.
Canmore Is a half brother to Andrisa.
the gold vase winner. '
There will likely be some changes
among the executive staff of the San
Francisco Jockey Club before the next
meeting at Tanforan Park. At least
Prince Poniatowskl j said i yesterday the
directors had in view some such move,
but nothing definite had as yet been de
cided upon. According to the president of
the San Francisco Jockey Club there will
"be a sort of general reorganization of
affairs. D. Lynch Pringle will probably
fill a position where the duties are less
arduous and Racing Secretary Ralph To
zer may also be changed about. Ed Cole,
now acting as associate judge, is men
tioned for the position of secretary, which
would leave a vacancy to be filled In the
stand. The meeting just closed haa been
a most successful one and the Tanforan
management feel highly elated over the
patronage given the track. Before an
other meeting draws around the building
will be repainted and several improve
ments made. !
Oakland track reopens to-morrow.
Track Uotes.
wire two Jengths before Raveling, the
third choice.'
Following this came the two-year-old
handicap. Sam Hildreth decided to
scratch Golden Age and let Selde run for
him, which fact sent Canmore to the post
a 6 to 5 choice. Mounce and the favorite
did not get away from the post particu
larly well, but In the. stretch, with the
remaining starters pretty well out, Can
more shook them of! and came home in
handy fashion. Showing- some of her old
time speed, Janice lost the place to TVr
by a neck. Articulate ran disappointingly.
Not required to take up any additional
weight for winning, Eva Moe.'at odds of
2 to 5. beat a limited collection of Jumpers
without effort. Lomo kept her close
company throuRhout, but was unfor
tunate to stumble and dislodge his rider
after taking the last Jump. Mestor then
finished second.
To Wedderstrand could be ascribed the
defeat of Coming Evont. 4 to 5 favorite,
for the mile run for fillies. He chased
out after Kitty Kelly when It was dollars
to nothing that she would not stay half
the route. When Coburn made his last
move on Mitten nearly opposite the pad
dock Coming Event' was ttred and fell
easy prey to the Simons ent y.
Twelve dusty looking ?n.~ : Jens started
in the final event wi':h 1 ir»g-a-Llng and
Eight Dollars closing equal choices. The
winner turned up in Free Pass, a 15 to 1
shot, piloted by Fallehy. which led out
Onyx a neck. William F was riven the
show.
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900.
GOLD VASE AND DOLLARS
CAPTURED BY ANDRISA
Fleet Mare Runs Away From a Crack Field
in the Stake Event at Tanforanf
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
24
¦••'¦ . If 1 1 f
COUPLES. C& :ia1
¦ • - • . ¦ ¦ ! i r ? :
r" 3 : ¦
• a, . ; ;
Mrs. Hart-J. H. Mee S ! S?i}« Jn i«
Mtss Crockett-S. H. Boardman.. 6S[6.. 133 10 123
Miss Ives-L. O. Kellogg.. ......... Mi«Oj 14 4 110
MIks Mulllns-Dr. Clark 53|u* 109,10 M
Miss Hoffman-W. Ames B8|S1 110 » 1«
MIB8 Houghton-J. W. Byrne »4|^ 1U 3 108
Miss Dunham— A. Carrigan 63 62|125 9 11*
Miss McRean-S. L. Abbot Jr W 61)118 4 1U
Mrs. n. G. Brown— R. O. Brown., ol noilOi 2 10a
Mlw Morgan-H. P. I'lllsbury.... 64 64 128 S 123
¦••'¦ . If 1 1 f
COUPLES. C& :ia1
¦ • - • . ¦ ¦ ! i r ? :
r" 3 : ¦
• a, . ; ;
Mrs. Hart-J. H. Mee S ! S?i}« Jn i«
Mtss Crockett-S. H. Boardman.. 6S[6.. 133 10 123
Miss Ives-L. O. Kellogg.. ......... Mi«Oj 14 4 110
MIks Mulllns-Dr. Clark 53|u* 109,10 M
Miss Hoffman-W. Ames B8|S1 110 » 1«
MIB8 Houghton-J. W. Byrne »4|^ 1U 3 108
Miss Dunham— A. Carrigan 63 62|125 9 11*
Miss McRean-S. L. Abbot Jr W 61)118 4 1U
Mrs. n. G. Brown— R. O. Brown., ol noilOi 2 10a
Mlw Morgan-H. P. I'lllsbury.... 64 64 128 S 123
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEMENTS,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETO MEN !
Ailost Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost VIgo?
¦ to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
:. /. to All Who Write.
Free trial ra-ekages of a most remarka-
fcle remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
•They cured so many men who had bit-
tied for years against the mental and
physical Buffering- of lost manhood that
the ' Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
-puffer trom eny form cf eexual weakness
-resulting from youthful folly, premature
lots of strength and memory, weak back,
varicoceie or emaciation of parts can now
eyre themselves at home.
Tbe remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth ajid seems to ¦ act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
aad development Just where it ls needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles Jiat come
from years of misuse of the natural f unc-
uq:.s aad has been an absolute success in
ell case*. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 22S Elektron building, Fort
Wayjift, lnd., stating that you desire cne
of their free- trial packc^es. wiil be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
elrous of reaching that erea: clasp of men
who are unable to leave home-to be treat-
ed, and the trd* Eamp'.e will enable them
to see how e&sy it is to be cured of sex-
' ual ' weakness wfran the proper remedies
ere employed.- The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, bo that Its recipient need
Jiave : no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to writs wlth-
out delay. : ¦ •
TQ THE fUBLlCl
.^¦¦"Hfcfc. EAN FRANCISOO, Oct.
•' />•*-• *S'.lV I,' 1W».— To whom It may
¦ • JgjgP^^fjg concern: This- ls to certify
ySf* that t>R- VTONG HIM ot
y>55T«r f I1&-I17- Mason EtrKt, San
yyp f Franclcco. . baa cur*d me
»fctfS^ I . cf- kidney trouble and
mjjffim / rbeuniatiEin and • I am
jf$^»--A^ happy to make this t-\a\r-
J&j!^* 1 /*^ J^^. nient. as I find the: Doctor
strictly hnnrft In (-very
*@EiwlfiW reuse of th* word and an
¦Xu.S«a>* > • fconorable man in -all his
£es.lla«i. DR. a A. OA.Y. Dentist. 942 Second
fcv«., Seattle, Wash.
f IK OLE. Jus« S3, 1S8S.— I take th!s means r t
etprescins icy thank* to Dr. VTonp Him, 115-
llf Mason etreet. 6as Francisco, for having
cured me cf kicsey, won:b trouble and cancer
of th» Btoroach. I \ra« a creat sufferer for 15
j-eors and fouad bo permanent relief unlit I
tried Pr. Won* W^ and in »ix months' tlm«
b« baa cured m«. Any person wishing me to
certify thi. can £nd n^
Ptnole. Contra Costa County» Cal.
6. T., Deoember <, 1839.— Dr. W<m« Him, 115-
T1T Mason tt.. 8. F., Cal.— Dear Blr: For th*
benefit of other* I wieh to make a statement of
rny case, which vu heart trouble. 'After treat-
lnr vrixii «lr eminent physicians my c*e« wa*
pronounced Incurable. Hearinjr of Dr. Wonj
Him, and hii wonderful caret, I decided to try
h!e herb treatment. He did ali he claimed, and
after treattnr six months "I am now well and
strong. Tour*, respectfully,
>tR3. BARLOW. 1K7 Mission St.. B. T.
D£. HALL'S BE1N VIGOR ATOBSraES
Tirm hundred reward 'or any VtS>^^
case wa """"i' cure. Tills secret BaKo f£
remedy etop« all losses in 24 hours. ¦< fa
cur<i Emissions, Inipotenoy, Varl- *3T5 B3«
cocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, W Kffrt
etricturea, Lost Manhood and all J Ui ftiUJ
waetlnc effects of eelf-abu«« or EsS _jS$h
«xoe*#es. Bent eeale^.t2 bottle: S i»iir* > r*TT ES **'
bottles. S5: cuaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
<lrea« HALL'S MEDICAli rNETITUTE: 8J5
Brcadwa}', Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073H
Harket et., B. K. All private diseases quickly
cared. Bend for fre* book.*
« CMICHCSTCR'S CNQUSH
H (CV Orf siiisj mixk Only C tm ulna.
tPJ~,- s Xt*SBATE~ Ai-«»tr»!i.bie. Ladle.. ».» Drcr|rt»«
/^f^i^Siv ** CHICHESTEE'S KNGLIiU
W'^^WWvi'a UEX> »n4 Odd meuUle bsm lf% ; tl
i^ S^W^ »?«> fc!«»rl».b«a. Tkke"*. «tfcf r. Hefo,"
•Jri W% yii I»«»r«ron» aaa Jmtt*.
\ I T %Ii * to "»- Bc 7 « r T m Or»cfl»t. or m« <«. | a
I 2» f Jf **"*•** I»»rt«e»l«r% T«t1ra«»Uls
.A. w P tarsi Mall. 1«,©OO Te.'.i-r.Bfsli. SsKkT
UtaOm. tUi payer. JUdl— a ftgnara. VlflUZ Eg
«fAfBSsP""^^9MB "m»dy for Gonorrhopa,
am Hm^VTlt F?tW t 1 ' 6 **! 6permatorrh<ra,
w bitet, aanatural ill-
J^Bj CssrsctMl si charjf , or any infiarema-
K*blf not u> itrt«Br«. lioa, I ritatlon or ulc^ra-
fc* yfiwtii t<aMf«tt, tion .f to u com roirn-
gT>%"HEEtlHS CKEfTtlCo. branes. L'oTi-^Srlnssnt.
V9ac:HKMi*Ti.o.E5a • SoId ** 7 o^ c «^«».
nil > T52Sr<»r Mat In plain wra;iver,
V J^T br exprMt. prepaid, for
J 1.03. or 3 bottles, lira. -
1 I II B £& Lafila * Band TTaterprr ot
K2P alt" eiac^tlwt Powder, la bU*
V r. I I IW t» d loaded la sheila. Bead
1^1 1«3» Xk *or catsierue of *portln«
%Jk « B W «Jr roods. GEO. W. SKREVB,
WWBV^T m Markets
Of Treating Files and Rectal Diseases.
The old method of treating piles by the
knife, by ligature or dilatation , besides
causing: intense pain and frequently col-
lapse and death, are now known to be
worse than useless as far as actually cur-
ing the trouble ls concerned.
Derang-ement of the liver and other In-
ternal organs, as well aa constipation,
often cause piles, and It ls a mistake to
treat It as a purely local disease; this ls
the reason why salves and ointments have
bo little effect, and the widespread suc-
cess of the Pyramid Pile Cure haa demon-
strated it.
The Pyramid Pile Cure Is not a salve
nor ointment, but 1» In suppository form,
which ls applied at night, absorbed into
the sensitive rectal membrane . and . acts
both as a local and constitutional treat-
ment and In cases of many years' stand-
Ing has made thousands of permanent
cures. "-"¦•'
Many pile sufferers who have undergone
surgical operations without relief or. cure
have, been surprised by results from a
few weeks' treatment with the Pyramid
suppository.
The relief from pain is so Immediate
that patients sometimes imagine that the
Pyramid contains opiates or cocaine, but
such ls not the case; It is guaranteed ab-
solutely free from any injurious drug.
The cure is the result of the healing oils
and astringent properties of the remedy,
which cause the little tumors and con-
jested blood vessels to contract and a
natural circulation is established..
All druggists sell the Pyramid Pile Care
at 60 cents for full slxed package. .
A little book' on cause and cure of piles
mailed free by addressing Pyramid Drug
.Co., Marshall, Mloh,
CRUEL METHODS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak Pen
Prof. Laborde's Wonderful French Prepar atloi
"CALTHOS"
Restores Lost Manhood.
5 DAYS 1 TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolutely FREE by Sealed Mall.
. PROF 1 . JULBS LABORDB.
DISCOTUtEtl OF ¦•t'iLTUOS."
"CAliTIIOS" Ii put before yon on' its tncrita
alone. Try it and put it to the test. Try It free. -
There ii no Mcuritf required— no 0. O. V. icfacme.
Send til your name And nddreii, and ire will send
yon enough "CALTI1ON" to last Sve dnys. It
¦vrlll be M»n* In » »e»le«t pnrlingo by nml).
Tha marrclou* French rrmedy "f'Al/rilO*"
recently introduced in this country by the Vou Jlohl
Co.. of Cincinnati.' Ohio, one of th* Urfrtt, richeit
and moit responsible buslneM firma in the United
Sutr», has attrneted the attention of the entire
i»«(llcal profe«»lon be-catifp of the wonderful cures
it hag eflected. If you suffer 'from Lost Manhood.
Varlcocole, Weakness of any nature in tbe Sexual
Organs or N<ttp», ( no matter how caused,) or if th*
parts are underpinned or hare shrunken or wasted
away "CAIVTHOSi" will restore yon. - ¦ > •¦¦ '.
"CAtTHOS" is the discovery of Prof. Jules La-
borde. famed in Paris as France's foremost specialist.
" CALTHOS" is the onlr remedy tecognir.ed br
tbe medical profession aa a specific cure for weak men.
: "t'ALTIIOW" has (he eodorsenieat of the Ger-
man and French Korerntnents, and ls largely used ia
tha standing armies of those countries. ,
All corrcapondonce relating to the " CAI<TIIOS M
demrtmsnt of our business Is strictly confidential.
we neither publish nor furnish testimonials. .. (
¦id&reeaThe VON MOHL CO., 638 B,
h R«pa^Cs*ta%i ! u! l sr r * CINCINN ATI, OHIO* |
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS. ' H
WHy Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
— __¦ We answer the ques- ¦ C+rir**iif<k
£^35^^ tions briefly. If you OlrlClUre
f\*J^4 c u * an artery in In 15 days, without pain. Injury or Incon-
f - <TS VW^a * your * a^ m ? ou , venl «nce. Tha bougies are inserted at
(«^ i^<»^& .*. }¦ lnternal night and act while you sleep. "Oran-
)i$k K«*SsSsP medicine- to stop the Solvent" removes every symptom of
/o -S^OwI r 1 - 0 -^ °t £l? O( 2' stricture, leaving the canal as healthy
V\ **& *<M§ li?Ju !± OCAL AP " ns when nature formed it. NO BRUTAL.
K PLICATIONS. Sim- CUTTING OR DILATING. NO INJEC-
t ¦¦• JT J\ * Ularly when the ure- TIONS.. TO IRRITATE THE ME4I-
>^yA thra l ducts become BRAKE. NO INTERNAL DRUGGING
j&X /fci/mK* wakened and re- TO HULN"' THK STOMACH. The St.
•*dfLJ<L}@W0 < *lP laxed It ls ridlcu- Jamts treatment Is local, direct and posl-
IT/yi*— *-t -."..iff — lous to- take internal, tive. - -
treatment, which must pass through the • Virirnrplp
stomach and urine before It reaches the VarlCOCeiC
Rff« ?>L d !f Pa .l e- P e se , ml " al ducts Project Varlcocele is an accumulation of ilug-
!-? Jit " r8tn ™ 1 canal through the Pros- gi«h blood In the veins of the scrotum.
¦oat T i^ i^ r . ! \.T2,*5?J ly J encned fe y L °- 3«« solely to imperfect circulation, and
t. AL. TKI.A TMENT. The St. James treat- has Its origin in a diseased and torpid.
ment ia prepared in the form of crayons. Prostate Gland.' Operations in this dia-
very narrow, smooth, flexible and wholly ease' arc only temporary, and no me-
soluble, which tire inserted Into the water chanlcnl device yet discovered has cured
passage at night, where they dissolve a slng!« case. Gran-Solvent heal* the
and deposit the medication In its full Hrostntp and restores he.-Uthy circulation.
strength upon the Varicovele disappears and the sluggish
Prostate Gland, : • SKffiS??! * " Placcd by P ° rc ' *?"?'
• Q&U^?, 011 "* and strengthening tho duets. .W.S« men strJctured. weak, wasting and
•FOREVLR STOPPLNQ drain* and emis- despondent were cured "and restored by
si on a, and curing while the patient* sleeps, the St. James method last year. A vast
_Dr. Carter's "Gran-8olvent" soluble army of men In whom the lipht of life
Bougies will = dissolve, digest and forever ha» penetrcted tho fearful nightmare of
remove urethral . stricture and seminal decay.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Space win not a complete description or tne incomer- --,„-. __ _«
afcla St. ''James treatment In urethral diseases. Every sufferer B» ITO Jf» g*
trom Stricture and its offspring. Prostatitls and Seminal Yveakness, fj ¦ g_
should wrlu» 10 the St. James Association. Box 8J4. Cincinnati. "31 Wf ga p> J
Ohio, tor meir wonderful illustrated work showing tne part* of the C| J g B g ¦«
human system Involved la urethral ailments, which taey will »eod securely g || Qg g^ *
wrapped In plain paokage, prepaid
UAMP Tnp ATIVIPJIMT* CA3T BE USED TJT THK PAT1BVT AS SVC*
n\Jm.i2 1 KCA 1 IflCrS I CHSSrUI.l.Y AS BV UfRSKLVEi.
V BU James Assn., 62 Elin «t.. Cincinnati, O.E. H. VanderfelL
.LONDON, Dect-ii H. Vanderfelt, a
Well-known actor, died to-day of Brlght'i
Cl«ease-
.wOODLAXD. -Dec. . I. — I^ouis Henry
Daniel, an old resident, died near thl»
\<city : Friday afternoon. The deceased was
...a -fiatlve pf Canada and 75 years of age.
i Th" funeral will ! take place on Sunday
f^* 1 • 2 » r . nv ; . I"
Louis Henry Daniel.
BACBAMENTO, Dec.: 1.— The death is
announced', of A. Coolot, perhaps the
wealthiest man in gacfamento. In the
early tit ties Mr. Coolot came down from
the rnififcs with scarcely more property
ihkn -the old' clothes he wore. Irr a small
building on T.'ppt-r J street he opened a
store an<? dealt In notions. and tobacco.
-The business grew and Mr.- Coolot made
shrewd investments with his money.. At
•his death he was possessed of probably
$2 i 'j0u,(w>. " Eighty-six large and well-pay
"ihg buildings in Sacramento formed part
lojf his. assets. : He was one of the early
sicckholders in the Central Pacific Rail
road Company and the Huntir.srton, Hop
kins . and Crocker Interests are said to
have been obliged to pay him an immense
sum for. the •surrender of his stock. He
has made gifts to the Catholic cathedral
Tii this city- since its -rection agrcrefjatins
lii value, it Is said. $50,000. In the Ameri
can Tbbjtcco. Company his stock has been
appraised at 5175,009 and he Is a very
hravy holder of Government bonds. It ia
said that :Mr. Coolot left no will and that
. hMs '.money, will go to his widow, son and
daugrhter. , . .
¦y.r. Coolot led a modest and retired life,
* seldom' appearing In public. He was i
native ot Austria and 79 years of age.
His .-.funeral will take place- on Monday
iijorntng- next from the 'cathedral and will
.be'.the- occasion of a. pontifical requiem
rtizii-s lor the -repose oi his soul, at which
Grace yill ofSclate.
to His Last Rest.
Wealthiest. Man in Sacramento Called
PASSING. OF A. COOLOT.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
OAKLAND* Dec." .L— Licenses. to marry
were lssuea • to-cay to Frank Murray
AiSeck, 32 years, and Daisy Emma Me*-k.
'24. San FrandFeo; "William Fuller Purnell.
over 21. Eacranvento, arid Minnie HcCIure
Tount, over 21, Oakland; Laura Fay Fer
grspn, 20, end Julius C. Smith. San Jose.
Marriage Licenses.
Music in the Park.
theme and variations 1
Performed by D. C. Ho««brook.
The Golden Gate Park Band will render
the following programme this afternoon,
weather permitting:
Overture, "Raymond" Thomas
"Intermezzo from Manon Lescaut" Puccini
Selection. "Wizard of the Nile" Herbert
"Serenade" Moskowskl
"Shepherd's Life In the Alps" (descriptive)
Kiln*
Scenes from "I Lombardl" Verdi
Cornet solo. "Last Idea of Von Weber."
Waltz. "Temptation"; • Bolognesl
Intermezzo, . ''Salome* ' *» Loralne
March. "The Mick That Threw the Brick"
Lawlor
¦Anton* Bantjlo, who : is, employed as a
teaisEt<sr by Whitmore & Co.. visited.po
lice headquarters last night and tearfully
invoked the aid -of Chief Sullivan in find
!nr fc's wife and his 4-year-old daughter.
Sar.tllo'p residence i« at P- 12 Montgomery
street. ¦ Yesterday morning he ¦ left his
home at the usual hour, kissing his wife
*tid ¦child ••g-ood-by." : - .
Iroraedistely after: he had left nifc wife
tumraoned atj- .expressman and had him
remove all the furniture in the houpe. She
then took he-r departure with th« .child..
If was riot ur.tll Santilo returned home
that h» learned of the actfon of his wife.
Santilo saia he had ; .been mirti^d live
vear-s, 'and is at a loss 'to account for the
Ftr&r.g e *ction of his wile.. Chief Sullivan
•detailed, two men en the case.
SETUENS H0UE ;T0. FIND :
: ¦ .: WIFE AOT> CHILD : MISSING
Antone Santilo Asks Police .to
.. Locate His Spouse and.
'-..;• Furniture. . ¦ ¦ -..
Church: Fund Is ; Increased; More;
Thaa Twelve Thousand Dollars, .
..by Fair Receipts;: . ¦ >'•}¦ .
The ladies' bazaar for the benefit of :St.
Brigld's- Church, which was h^ 1^ 0^ ¦
ber last, has netted more than $1^.000. _The
following. statement of: receipts has been
made: \ . . ¦¦"-' ; '. .. /¦' ¦¦ ••
Refreshment booth. In charge. » f .' iIrt -^2r
Tmmjui. Mrs-. George Eatron ¦ an<l associates.
* : *-UfS" booth, in charse of the Sodality of :the
Children of . Mary. S1SC2. 15..: . .. n . Oon .'
J'oxnan booth, !n charge .of **;£JJ^SS
nor. Mrs. VaJider^htte.. Mrs.. W . O NeiU, Mrs.
The Alharrtf.ra and Mikado.. in charge <5f Mr".
¦¦ W5Sr M *3£ *^. ™*£ SST&iiSSS,
.inni associates. -J1307 »5.. '; ¦¦ . __-,
Fortress tKoth. in ciiarce pi the poet graau-.
et«* of 'CnsiiJ-s Convent. $2030 25. • .
: Arctic tooth, .in oharce of :Mr*. John AJIen.
ilrs. J6*m OUlrtartln. Mrs. WiMam £l*<t».
tfr*: A.- E. HenrUto and .-associate*. «pu «>. .
£srvptUn ' booth, issuing .. the St. Brtglrt f
¦Basair-Ga »"«•.¦ under th.e iiaanagement of Miff
S.. B«-nniett. Miss- ElclSmor* aJid.Mra.. Robert
Karrtson, -jr-M 10;' . • . . - ; . 'oLlZ
¦ PaJe«Une: booth.' in charge ot Mrs.- aj: »n<«*
Mrs T,R -Turner Mr*. E. Molloy. the MU?es-
Barber end associate*. .J1427' CO. „,-¦»/
PalsL-e *nd Arbor b~}th.. in charre of Mrs.
M •• Shinnon. Mrs. M. McKe?r. Mrss A^sie Gor-.
ran ' aTifl associates. J?38 60. ¦ .
'¦ Groe. receipt. .:... r ..,......^..;.....«.m.*!» 2
EJtp*n*e« .>... y........^.>...«.... •• fo 1 ¦'»
pAZAAB. NET S LARGE ..'..¦'¦
}; SUM FOR ST. BRIGTD'S
THE up-to-date young man, when
he wishes to make a hit with the
fair sex, sends to the girl he loves
"a bird in a gilded cage" by a
messenger boy, charges paid. Alf
Ellinghouse, the theatrical manager, sent
Miss Alice Nielsen a bird that had to be
hauled in an express wagon and the cage
was made of lumber two inches thick.
A few days ago two lads employed by
the Alhambra to "stick up snipes" in the
interest of the theater were rudely dis
turbed in their labors at Tenth and Mar
ket streets by an eagle quietly dropping
from the clouds and alighting on the side
walk close to where they were working.
They threw a blanket over the "king of
birds" and brought it down to the Al
hambra and placed It in the back yard.
Then Elllnghouse's troubles began. The
bird would eat j nothing but fine. . juicy
steaks, which were procured at Delmon
ico's. When anybody approached the
eagle It would open its wings and make a
rush at the Inquisitive spectator. The bird
was so strong that the chair that it was
tied to was hauled around the yard as if
It was a mere watch charm, placed on Ha
leg for ornament. A large wooden cage
waa made and the bird was placed In
durance vile.
George Bowles, the manager for Alice
Nielsen and a warm friend of Ellinghouse.
dropped in to see the bird. He said Miss
Nielsen had often expressed a wish for
an eagle. Alf Ellinghouse made a terrible
bluff that he hated to lose the bird,
"warm attachment." "Hermann wanted
to buy it for $500, to turn it into a flock
of geese at every* performance." etc., but
—If Miss Nielsen would accept the eagle
as a token of his admiration, he would
make her a present of the bird.
The offer was accepted and arrange
ments were at once made to move the bird
down to the stage of the Columbia Thea
ter. Ellinghouse excused himself for not
tying a ribbon around the neck of the
bird, but explained that he was sure a
child three years old could do so, the
eagle waa so gentle.
The cage, eagie and two pounds of beef
steak were placed In a wagon and the
procession to the new home of the eagle
was formed. Arriving at the theater, a
chain was placed around the bird's leg
and he was released from the cage. One
of the stage mechanics had a bull terrier
pup running around the stage. The pup
attempted to mix with the eagle and went
down and out In the first round.
George Bowles wants the eagle put In
the front of the house, as the bird has the
The Veteran Firemen's Association of
San Francisco will give Its second annual
banquet in an Ellis-street dining hall to
morrow night, In celebration of the thirty
fourth anniversary of tho organization oC
the paid Fire Department of this city.
The committee of arrangement* has as
surances that there will be an attendance
of one hundred of the old boys of '66.
After the dinner there will be music ana
story-telling of the early days of the pres
ent department.
Veteran Firemen to Dine.
Miss Nielsen says that sh« will have her
photo taken with the bird, and here is a
chance for any amateur photographer to
take a picture that will give him lota of
experience at sidstepplng wtoen a nimbla
bird attacks.
"greatest rubberneck that ever happened,"
and he thinks that he can train It to loolc
out for deadheads who try to th»
barrier." and keep a lln» on the box office
at the same time. "Nlbbsle" Levy is the
bird's greatest admirer. Last night It wna
hard to get him to tear himself away
from the specimen long enough to get din-
Tier. "Oh. I say," Whispered "Nibbsle" to a
friend, "hanybody would think that it was
a hostrich instead of a heagle. Just get
on to his eye."
SHOT BY HIS RIVAL
IN LODGING-HOUSE
John Murphy Severely "Wounded hy
H. Bishop in a Row Over
a Woman.
John, otherwise known aB "Brick" Mur
phy, was shot and severely wounded by
H. Bishop In a lodging-house at 14 McAl
lister street, at about 1:30 o'clock this
morning. Murphy who had been consort
ing with a woman In the McAllister-street
house suspected that she was too friendly
with Bishop who has a room in the same
building.
Murphy forced his way into Bishop's
room this morning and found the woman
there with his rival. He proceeded to
make a rough house and Bishop shot him
the bullet passing through his neck.
Murphy was removed to the Receiving
Hospital where his injury was dressed by
Drs. Robinson and Bauer.
Bishop is employed by the Chicago
Clock Company. Murphy has no regular
employment. The woman in the case is
Mamie Bigelow.
TRADES UNION PLANING
; MILL IS SET TO WOBK
President McCarthy of the Building
' Trades Council Starts the
. ' ' Machinery. ' ;
The planing mill owned and managed by
the .trades unions, In this city, started to
operate yesterday. P. H. McCarthy, pres
ident of the Building Trades Council,
pulled the lever that set the machinery
In motion. The claim of the millmen is
that they have a plant of the most mod
ern machinery, that, they have an abun
dance 0f work In sight and that the con
tractors and. builders will favor them
largely. • . '
The new mijl Is on Brannan street, be
tween Fourth and Fifth, and extends to
Bluxome.ln the rear. It is equipped with
its own power. The men say they can
run three shifts a day if they find it nec
essary-to do feo. About eighty .men are
at work. President McCarthy says that
J.T. Quirk, who has been employed for
some years by Kendall, will be the man
ager. He Is known to the architects and
to the buljders all over the State.
THE FEATHERED TERROR OF EDDY STREET, WHICH WAS YESTERDAY PRESENTED TO PRETTY ALICE
NIELSEN, AND IS NOW LEARNING COMIC OPERA PARTS PREPARATORY TO TAKING A PART IN" "THE
SINGING GIRL" COMPANY. ' "
->-—Cirote«siness : block af.the Calla-
I? chan Estate Company, now in
• I : ' course of construction on the fore-
first drawing
that has been finished, and therefore tur-
Sea^iW opportunity for the public
The two lower floors will be occupied as
stores. The upper four floors will be dl-
to know how the structure will look. The
building will occupy the entire lot, the di
mensions of which are 191:9 by 115:8. Fol
lowing . the outlines of the lot, it will
necessarily be triangular in shape. It is
conspicuously .placed and will be seen for
a long distance down Market street- The
material for the exterior will be Utah
grarstone. which will extend up the en
tire six stories. • . •
vided into offices, which will number one
hundred. The entrances will be on both
Market and McAllister, streets. Marble
wainscoting and polished oak woodwork
and mosaic floors will embellish the cor
ridors. The plans call for two electric ele
vators. The offices will be provided with
electric lights and wired for telephones.
Tho expectation is that "the building will
be ready for occupancy by next May. The
cost will be about $200,000 in round figures.
Albert Pissis Is the architect.
„__-«. OF UTAH GRATSTONE BEING ERECTED FOR THE CALLAGHAN ESTATE COMPANY
JtfA^TrrT AXD Me ALLISTER STREETS. THIS STRUCTURE "WILL, COST IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD OF
J230 000^Si> WILL. GREATLY ENHANCE THE APPEARANCE OF UPPER MARKET STREET.
Alf Ellinghouse Sends "a Bird in a Gilded Cage"
as a Token of Deep Regard.. ;
Widow and Friends of the "Unfortu
nate Man TJnable to Find
the Motive for His
Act.
- ¦ ' ¦':'- :
Oakland Office San Francesco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 1.
Fearful that Ions Illness was destroying
his reason, Henry C. Perry, a civil en
gineer residing in Berkeley, committed
suicide last night by inhaling gas in a
room at 5G5 Eleventh street.
His plans for suicide were made with
much deliberation. Perry rented a small
back room at the place yesterday after
noon. Last evening he spent several
hours with his wife at , their home on
Ashby avenue, where his last act was to
arrange a lengthy list of his possessions.
For several hours they went over their
affairs. Perry requesting his wife's as
sistance, saying he wanted to se« where
his finances stood, as he had not examined
them for some time. During the conver
sation, Perry gave no evidence of his con
templated death. His mind was upon the
subject, for once he said to his wife,
•'What would you do. dear, without me?"
Mrs. Perry observed nothing to arouse
her suspicions. Her husband's conduct
had of late been somewhat erratic so she
•did not deem it strange when he sudden
ly declared he was going out for a walk,
and that his wife should retire and not
wait for his . return. \
The engineer went at once to the lodg
ing-house and prepared for death. First
he moved the bed directly "under a gas
burner in the room. Then he turned on
the key and-knelt by the side of the bed.
Perry's body was found in that position
when the room was broken open i this
morning by other roomers, who had de
tected the odor of escaping gas and had
traced it to the dead man's apartments
Mrs. Perry became alarmed at midnight
because of her husband's failure to re
turn. She summoned her brother-in-law,
Charles H. Spear, and an all-night search
wa» commenced In this city. Berkeley and
San Francisco for the missing man. It
ended when the Morgue officials were
notified of the suicide. Spear went at once
to the Coroner's office, where the body
had been taken, and identified it.
Perry was a graduate of the University
of California, class of 1S83. He had at
tained considerable distinction in his pro
fession. For ten years he held an Impor
tant position in Hawaii with the Hawai
ian Commercial Company. About ten
months ago he returned from the Islands,
much broken In health and Buffering from
extreme nervous debility. Becoming Im
bued with the idea that his mind was af
fected. Perry consulted several experts
on mental diseases. Including Dr. Hirsch
felder of San Francisco and Dr. Gardner
of the Napa State Hospital. Their assur
ances that he needed only rest and treat
ment for nervous trouble appeared not to
satisfy the ailing engineer. Less than a
week ago he visited Dr. Gardner at Napa.
His relatives and friends are thoroughly
satisfied now that Perry's long brooding
about his condition led him to believe he
would become a maniac, therefore he end
ed his life.
The deceased engineer was a native of
California, 42 years of age. His wife and
two children survive him.
Fearing Loss of Faculties,
Henry C. Perry Com
mits Suicide.
DEATH RATHER
THAN INSANITY
GIFT OF A FULL GROWN EAGLE
TO CHARMING ALICE NIELSEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900.
HANDSOME BUILDING UNDER
PROCESS OF CONSTRUCTION
First Complete Drawing Shows Callaghan Es
tate Company's Block Will Be Imposing.
25
f a j fSilPI 181 i ¦ Special Christmas HsSiS
WW^I AUJ -'- „ -^^^j ' ill) \'W/ W^ ' ' b just off the presj-Ultutratts.
k!Wwl\ e^y^T^Mu^^f ~*~ 'S'^UX^ XI Oil* :. /".V you .may order your Christ-
l^gPi^V^fJ^Sj®^ FORSToScOitAW FUR JACKETS FUR COLLARETTES FUR^APES
FLJijsAL^ *Y /JfvJ rfP&ffiS^ (hrer 30 styles of storm collars of Our reputation for making jackets 136 styles of collarettes to choose 55 styles of capea to choo«e
J^^^m, th, m ost popular furs. SpeciaUy i, world renowned Every Jacket w e *%%*£ g^SrSS' SSS^ SKSSS
J?S jm3^ '^^ y^"^ rxi^^ViSZv made by H. Liebes & Co. for this sea- sell is made by us in our own factory £ ;sco stores com bincd. We have that has ever been shown west of
J/ 'fflF m «/ffi&LJn ¦ \L J/ son's selling; all elegantly finished, ' from skins collected direct by our rep- made special efforts to manufacture New York. Baltic and dectric
1/ m,1e!C*$t* \^ // *«i& *7^ \*v beautifullv lined and very stylishly resentatives in the various trapping an unusually good assortment of . seal are decidedly fashionable for
if fit&&&. \if jmW^ \ .. y re^ ons . The di«ct supervisipn we t^l^^L^r.s^ SaTkin.^Ww^hTU?
" S JTi- "iJIjJ^ \l I s7W%W#?k 1\ iv;i£« flPl , £Sm pott ap«! w .th ... are aWe-to'glve these garments from *%£&{?%&,¦ w in^hS d7ep .'..._ reasonable fiRure for which thcs«
I I I f ft$WA I B^ IC .. 8 .^.. 8 . T ?^ -^ • R .|5.« h ea 8 ch the trap to counter enables us to fully ••• ¦•••••• each fur3 are seIling> is probably the
ll^iP WW$ ilw/c^ W^i I EALTIC , EALST on M co, LA ,s. M per guarantee them. No charge for alter- IJ^^:.™.?°?L^^ reason of this popularity.
WV ' //| l f#W'L\ // \ A \ IW^^^Mk v.-lth 8lx tails; elegantly lined *7.50 each ELECTR1C SEAL JACKETS-This Is the ders ?0.50 each well lta«4wJth hea^y^ sating _P»ttUjr
Vv / yi^.V' \ /£ \/PZ^MM:*!£&&^z3$^ "¦ greatest jacket value we have ever Seen able ASTRAKAN COLLARETTE. eight tr ?™ned head *^h Z* <?Q
I /'(, '•^•Ai\ )/f \^/limW <w*^5<- SABLE OPOSSUM STORM COLLARS, with to off*r under any condition*; It looks and lnchee deep, with river mink top collar 14-inch..?. . ; >O lMnch ..:?*. 3 1>
k r ,{i ( V^a^ • --?fE&7^*F$$3&&^L^Z^ six tails '...............: SO.OtV each wears like sealskin: 22 Inches long and ele- and border, a beautiful little wnnent X%VasA """^^:Z? «™»^
r.^olVUt (VStf^ \V^a^2^&^ KanSr made- illustrated above. *8O.«>O each .; $7.5(1 each OUR FAMOUS ELECTRIC SEAi
; iiLifl^ ELECTRIC SEAL STORM COLLARS, trimmed ., ' ELECTRIC' SEAL COLLARETTE, CA 7? 3 - T l IS v, cai Jt *¦ IU ?^!?,- a^!!
Ji *^&&C0&r with river mink and finished with six tails NEARSFAL JACKETS-These garments can- trimmed with blue mouff.on-two tali* *r.d «» Probably th« moat popular far-
' mm fi i 'K -.-.« -. /T^ 8 **"^^ .......:... ..Ql'l.OO each not be equaled elsewhere at any price; espe- .-.......;.•.... RS.RO each ment In our store to-dar: the yoke 1* of
TE*W*Y> r NT¥^/^Wr *£.{*• A *B>W-G> daily selected skins, beautifully lined; exquis- -^.^ nfrvir rw t awttt-tt t>,i. i. astrakan: It is prettily trimmed with
FCJR_^E.XS
These sets Consist Of a muff. Neck scarfs Of fur in every • qe^xjine 'MINK BTORM' COLLARS, with NEARSEAL JACKETS, with mink collar and elegantly made In every particular...: • 14 " lnCl1 ** is-lnch $12.50
and scarf and are especially ao- conceivable style and at any price e ix tails.. 912.50 each reveres $65.00 each _"•••;••" w^^T/p^w electric seal capes, with Perwiaa
propriate as holiday Rifts for lit- you may want to pay. sable fox storm collars. hand, nearseal jACibsTS. with chinchilla collar dimmed with sho^rt ta£?^a 6 S11-: b m^°^ih t < w^25ta^Bd t S?S55|
tic folks. ¦ 6TONE MARTEN OPOSSUM NECK eome; trimmed with eight tails. .$20.00 each and reveres : ..........$«».OO each very stylish....... #10.00 each similar to cut shown abovts.
CHILD'S IMITATION ERMINE SETS t5f 8 H .Tf.7.^."!!..?. n .!.. h .!?!$2?50 each BLACK MARTIN BTORM COLLARS; beautl- PERSIAN LAMB JACKETS jfrom.flOO.OO up K JS M p5»utor^i»f ofthT^easow 13-!n2h!:*275o S^lMhii'soioS
-An Inexpensive little affair consist- SABLE OPOSSUM NECK SCARFS- ful garmenta; elegantly finished and trimmed __ _ '. _. _ • gl2R qq Inches deep... ....Sll.Su each NEARSEAL CAPES-A fine. •oft. lu»-
lng of muff and scarf.... ..Jl.OO set Similar to the above, with >O ne head with el»ht tails.... ............ ..^5.00 each SEALSKIN JACKETS. from......*12B.OO up SBAL COLLARETTE-An Sous blick fur: identical la 'appearanc.
TOtt -.,. titv-er MINK SETS— Very nivFn mi w xfrk" RrAT*s_on. of - .. . ¦, ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦*S i '--:< ' ' ' ¦ ¦ " ' ' - exquisite little earment with a nutra and wear to sealskin; stylishly trimmed .:
CHILD*S WHITE THIBET LAMB to above ?4.5o'nach J&JStH • <V*>W^ "Vf.Jnch S12 .%O 18-tach.. $15.00
SCTS-Som. of the prettiest chll- MINK. SCARFS-Slmllar^to - , collar' and bonier; this rament Is 10 17^0 £££!. 20.00
dren's sets mad M-OO s«t $1^50 '»»•»-;."". -v^J 1T.5 O^ each - -^- Inches deep... f25.OO each KrV 'ER MINK RUITIX CAPE3-A mort
r-n D"? KRBIMER 8ET8-An flwnt mean* the most popular scarfs and &O^J9 &a ilQlji JBT HHm airri. _|gl_»gi_ «gM&k«»W PERSIAN U1TB COLLARETTE, ai p«r durable earreentof rich brown river
Vi-ti'?ml^"fl - set-beautifully made In of the m^t noDular tarments of £$"*&* %£L ' ~ JOS TOSmSI S35k Illustration «.bov»>; one of the hand- mink.
ivirr particular *12.5Oset one of the most popular earments of ffij*} itib^dP EL ?& M. M. gjflL EjLJP AgHEL JBL J&L W tom(«t moderately priced garments 11. 14-Inch.-91S.OO 15-lnoh..«lT^O
every r*ruc t n* > e ar. «Kt>qF»>ffl«» MW^ IMfci'W <¦» <O gpJ F Lleb«s & Co. have ever shown; SEAI^KIN CAPES from... .*10O.O0 nx>
CHILD'S COMBINATION SETS-A ghw fox •carfs.. ..............¦§. OO , _^__ v JB *T . . . trimmed with -a mounted sable fox: MINK CAPES from L. 45.00 up
I" tm-iy7*Wfc3^./xl ,.-=.• ¦¦¦¦¦."¦ 11Degree of Honor.
Last Tuesday Mrs. Flora "J.- Nay, grand
chief of honor of the Degree of Honor, A.
O. U. W., of this jurisdiction, paid an'of
ficlal A'lslt to Silver 1 Spray j- Lodge. in Ex
celsior Hall, and was on .behalf of : the
lodge welcomed in a forma U way by Mrs.
Lucy McNear. the chief of honor. After
the visitor- had attended . > to the ¦¦ official
functions she was tendered a reception by
the lodge. This was in the nature of a.
short programme In the lodge room, then
a collation . in the, banquet hall, where
there were under the ministrations of Sam
Booth, the grand receiver of the Ancient
Order United Workmen, responses to Ben
tlmentB, each sentiment being . expressed
In verse. "The address of welcome to the
visiting grand officer was by Past Grand
Master Workman -William Henry Barnes
to which Mrs. Nay responded in a feeling
manner. There, were responses by Grand
Overseer Freeman of the Ancient Order
United Workmen, Paat Supreme Chief of
Honor . Mrs. . M. J.T Stewa/t. ¦ Past Grand
Chief of Honor Mrs.- E. P. Mayon, Grand
On the night of November 20. the night
of the storm, about sixty of the old-sol
diers who are members of George H
Thomas Post of the G. A. R. braved the
wind and rain to gather around the" camp
fire In the Ruby Hall of the Red Men's
Wigwam, to greet Department Command
er George Watt, on the occasion of his
first official visit since his Induction into
office. The meetingi was a pleasant one,
much of interest to the members being
presented. After the meeting there was a
Jolly good time, a collation and story tell
ing. v. ,
George H. Thomas Post.
. Miss M. G. McConkey, vice-president of
the Supreme Lodge of the Friends of the
Forest, has. resigned her office, as she is
to leave the city. Mrs. Howard has
been appointed to fill the unexpired term.
Pioneer Lodge on last Tuesday night
had an open meeting, an Impromptu pro
gramme and a dance. In an, informal way
all had a pleasnt: time. ¦
Lincoln Lodge will celebrate an anni
versary on next Saturday night by a ban
quet. ¦
Shortly after the holidays a new lodiro
of the order will be.lnstituted in the Mis
sion district.
Friends of the Forest
Barler's oil heaters have no chimneys
to break and are guaranteed absolutely
odorless. Chas. Brown & Son, 807 Market
street, near Fourth, San Francisco. . *
The pupils of Irvine's Dancing Academy
gave their eighth annual entertainment
and dance on Friday evening; November
30, at Union Square Hall. The following
was the evening'* programme: Song and
dance. Esther Cheney; Irish reel. Ethel
Manning; ballad, Claire lone White; horn
pipe, Gladys Montague; song and buck
dance, Maud Sharp; whistling solo. Baby
Zena Kiefe; Salome (toe dance),-, Blanche
Trelease; fling. Marguerite Freeman; song
and waltz clog, Carrie Manning-; Irish Jig-,
Ida Mooney; skirt dance, Marion Cane;
song and dance. Stella Fuhs; Spanish
dance— Jennie Opitz, Florence Freeman,
Maud Sharp, Grace Dundas, Ethel Mor
rlp, Carrie Hellier. Flossie Gardner,
Gladys Montague; hornpipe, Elza and Mil
ton Woolf; coon scng and dance, Lillian
Choate; Pas Seal, Inez Bauer; sailors'
hornpipe, Prosper Forrest: song and
dance. Annette Atkinson; Irish jig. Baby
Zena Kiefe: butterfly dance, • Flossie
Gardner; song and dance, Blanche Tre-
A very enjoyable evening was passed
last Saturday by a party of young folks
at the residence of Mr." and Mrs! A. C.
Smith, ll Meade avenue. Oakland. -After
games and dancing lipht refreshments
were served. Among those present were:
Miss Felice Williamson. Miss Edna Wat
kins. Mies Olive Merit h. Mi.is Bessie L.
Bailey. Mirs Carrie E. Jor.o?. Miss Lottie
Tymeson. Miss Amy Tymcson. Miss Em
ma Nelson, Miss Gladys Jackson, Miss
Celia Tymeson. Miss llallie Parmenter.
Miss l^oretta Smith. Miss Zelma Smith,
Wesley Baker. Charles Schmitz, Ward
Lascelle. J. David Jones. Floyd M. Smith.
Henry C. Hackett. Floyd H. Holland.
Frank Toullie. FZugene L. Hackett. Milton
C. Smith. Lincoln G. Jackson. Mr. and
Mrs. A. C. Smith. Mr. and Mrs. C. J.
Tymeson and Professor William Schmitz.
Martin J. Bacon was the recipient of a
pleasant surprise giver: !;im by his friends
at his residence Saturday evening. No
vember 24. Those who participated in tho
evening's enjoyment were: Mr. Murphy,
Mrs. Bacon. Mr. McDowell, Mrs. Murphy,
Martin "Bacon, Maud Rex. Joe I^osekann,
Edith Allen. William Bacon. Annette;
Berard. Walter Kelly. Annie Silva, Wai- 1
ter Hoag. May Richards. Henry Meisi'l.
Ida Schmallng, Arthur" Osborne. Violet
Norval, Henry PfafT, Lira Diehl. Con
Lunny. Carrie Bacon, Maurice Murphy,
Hannah McDowell.
A very pleasant surprise party was
given to Miss Amelia Snoelc by h^r many
friends Saturday evening. November 24.
at 3206 Turk street. The evening was spent
in gamer, singing and dancing* and about
11 o'clock refreshments were served.
Harry ITollzer favored the audience with
a bass solo. Miss Etta .Weinberg and Abe
Hyman kept the crowd In good humor
with their fantastic steps in the Cakewalk
and Miss Bertha Scheib entertained with
a few Irish melodies. Among those pres
ent were: Miss Amelia Snoek. Miss Etta
Reuben. Miss Rose Taussig, Miss Hannah
Rosenthal, Miss Miriam Levy. Miss Etta
Weinberg. Mies Violet Pinkiert. Miss Ja
nette Anshel, Miss Hannah Weinberg,
Miss Annie Schulman. Mil's Wllner. MIsh
Ray Anshel, Miss Josie Fox, Miss Janette
Gran, Miss Rose Dreyfus. Miss Hattie
Gran, Miss Meyer, Mias Bertha Hirsch,
the Misses Scheib. Louis Levy. Harry
Hollzer, Arnold Cohen, Gus Plato, Ben
Michalis, Sol Goldstein, Abe Hyman. Abe
Reuben, Henry Goldstein, Maurice. Shan
non; Dave Moss, Meyer Schwartz and Mr.
and Mrs. Axclrod.
Miss H. Kaskel of 1527 Octavia street
save a "violet" at home to ten youn;
lady friends on last Wednesday. "The af
ternoon was very pleasantly spent In
dancing and delightful music rendered by
Miss Flora Rosenthal. One of the feat
ures of the afternoon was the singing of
Miss Blanche Pursch and Miss Daisy
Getr. Miss H. Kaskel and Mrs. S. Laven
thal have resumed their day at home —
second Wednesdays, \i27 Octavia street.
On Thanksgiving a dinner was given by
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Barraza at their resi
dence. 51S Diamond street. Mrs. Barraza
was atsisted by her sister, Miss May Ful
ler, in entertaining the guests among
whom were: Mrs. M. A. O'Brien. Mrs. May
Schneider. Mrs. Valencia, Mrs. Barraza,
May Fuller. John W. Cameron. A. C Bar
raza, Octave Caruand, J. Edward Drls
coll and Leon, Alfred and Herman Bar
raza.
Club Parties.
IN SOCIETY
A*v . L^\ O.rtne'naiy say that the sea
vil "*^\ 1 * :on is 5cl In * u " * jloom > allt *
11 V) so n ? <)nc l 10 *^ * or Iaore
II 1/ l!l3n t - >5e * ew Informal nl-
I) fcvirs that, with the opera.
.,-^\v7 . . .¦ helped to make -the social
'¦}','. . •¦•¦ ,"¦¦:' j?vfnts of. the past week.
.TJip.er.tcrtairjr.pnts of last week possess
a ¦^ / iriifipatH-c > . though; in the fact that
X \icy a re ; the *crcrui:n<rs ot numy affairs
ta-eorsp—bij? 9.ff.iirs. Trhich •will, however,
not be-Ja oruer. until well on toward the
bnliSar?. ••...¦¦ ' •
T^e iirit the Friday FortnSsht
ty "n'il!-..l)e .held on the «venins of Docem-
Wr.7. : - :4iss Olive JIolbrookaTid Miss Ber-
Hie Drown will lead -the Rerman, assisted
J>y.' :.tk"p'r pjiztocxs, Percy Kiss *wl r 
'Sprnm<ET&.'¦¦'¦" .-¦. :
¦.• . ¦T-sm* ".wry -(JeMfiiitfui euchre ravti-es were
4fr;v<*n; "t>y -Sirs. Or%U'.o. bwijjht BaMwin on
the af Jernobris of Th-jrtday ftnd Saturday.
JtfL$T Ihe eam>! .<Ja-!iity f^freshinontK were
Kervt^- and i\\4 prizes \%efe di. c tri'jute<l.
jQfr ITlUJBdaar the wihr.c'rs were' Mrs. A. S.
BiMwin'; Mrs. Gaiilos., Mrs. Worth atxl
Mrs. '. Mess. • On Saturday the prizt^s went
¦\o- Mr*=: Alexai-.'itT Sharon. Mrs. Alex
ander Wilson ami Mrs.' Thomas Der.ie^n.
¦'iU$L T:.fe:i.n.cr Martin will entertain on
f.TPt. and F^cond irridr.ys in December at
b<*rhon:p on.Ercadway.
.... : \^
perved. After a few pleasant hours at
the tables the guests again assembled In
the main hall, where game* and other
amusements were held until an early
hour. Among those present were: Miss
Lilian A. Oregory, Miss Hattie Grau,
Miss Maggie AichcMison, Miss Linda E.
Bertl, Russell W. Cantrell, Miss Gussie
White, 'ihomas Fuller, Miss I^telie Perry,
liUi'ii Mason, Miss M. Flanigan, James
Kiliion. Miss May Giegory, Ame Koifte.
Aiiws Kdu^i Ivcati-ng. " l*Ted Mason, Miss'
Uzzio Dundar.. Dr. A. Sullivan, Miss Jes
sie Stevenson; Frank Gregory, Miss Nellie
Barry, Byron Huff, Miss M. tihea. Prank
Cantrell, Miss Marion McEllard, Thomas
Stretch, Miss Jennie «irau. T. Lynch,'
Xll« Frankie Conroy, F'rank Litticken,
Miss Mary Berti, Charles Cantrell, Miss
Gertrude Mason,. Chester Miller, Miss
Tess;» Rust, Joseph Venerable, Miss Lottie
McHI-urd, Williani Baxter, Miss Selma
Litticken, W. Mentlcz, Miss Lillie
Clark, Ernest Ruidcn, Miss Florence
Clark, Charles IIjrt. Miss Blanche
Woods, WH1 Goebel. 1 Ml«s Jane C'arty,
Frank .Jackson. M!fs Muttie Holloway,
Jr.se 1-VrnaixJo. Miss Tillie Perry,
Mi=s Kmmu Bolloway, H. Lazendorf, Mr.
and Mrs. 6. Muson, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Cantrell arci Mr. and Mrs. G. Bertl.
A deligiitful party was given by Mr. and
Mrs. William OeHrlcli on Tuesday even
ing, November 27. in hotior ot" iheir daugh
ter AUIna's birthday. Those present
were: Mips Dullea. Mi:-3 Cornahrens. Mrs.
< ornahrens..Miss Eda Oellrich. Miss Ida
Voli, Miss Alytaa Oeilrich, Mrs=. William
\oli. Mr?. William Oelirich. William Oell
nch. Carl EdJcman. Fred Oeilrich. George
rn-udey. Otto Oeilrich and Albert Voll.
, A, surprise party was given to' Rufus H.
AUIIer at his rcslder.ee, 25 Valparaiso
street, Saturday evening, November 24, In
honor of his twentieth birthday. A very
enjoyable even!i:g was spent. At midnight
tlio quests sat down tor supjjor, nft<tr
v.h!r-h games, songs anl dancing were re
sumed and continued into the wee small
hours. Those present were: Miss Mal>»l
Miller, Mrs?. C. O. Miller. Miss Eunice Mil
lar. Miss C. Lngralef, Miss C. M. Trai
nee, Miss K. Bannister. Miss F.<lith Cii-t
uood. Miss Louipe Gitnmel; Miss Wjlla
Eulesf. Miss Hazel Isuiherg. Miss May
Oemming. Miss Mao Tnrnh'ad. M *s
Mathews. Miss Kitty « Sill. Ju.ius W. Gltrj
mel. Joseph King. Ellis D. Miller. Louis
Parrish, Arthur 3. Jones. Joseph Rotey.
Bert Pope. Fred Kie^r, James" Hea.ber£,
Rufus H. Miller.
Tliey're Engaged
v. .The crg:.-\gem(«:it is announced of Miss
Farinie Cohn. diujrhtcr of Mr. ar.il VLt*.
;A. E. ("oiin. to Malvyn Furst. The recap
¦ ilioii ¦ tt-il! be held Sunday, Decen3l>er 1Z.
¦from 2 to 5 o'clcx-k. at 1OT1 Scott street.
Mr. and Vrs. W. H. Fuller announce the
¦ : or.gag"ment of thoir daughter Aimle to
3!a.-Ujtt Lee Pelton.
'¦•Mr. and Mrs. Julius Peters announce the
'¦fafOkgexaaxt Of their daughter Hattie to
• ;3. J.- Klarnet cf tlsis city. Miss Peters is
'¦['A ¦charinii'.g young society lady of thin
;CitJ% while the pnom is well known both
¦in husiness and soolotj' circles.
-: The engagement reception of Miss Belle
'¦¦ :Monasch arid A!>e li. Friedman will he
hrldlo-day at <22 G^l<!!eri Gate avenue, be
¦¦'lwefiit.be hours of 2 and 5 p. ra.
Home Gatherings.
'•¦party wts tendered to Augustin A.
: p.orti, Georpc M. Cantrell and Leslie W.
Mnskiii bv their- msny friends at Lodge
Hall..lftJ5 Palk strret. on the evening of
November 17. ' Dariclng was the principal
Icatyrt of the evening until .midnight.
whe n there wap a grand march to the
'.ianqv-et hall, where refreshments were
lease and Claire lone White: fling. Grace
Dundas; coon specialties, Gladys Mon
tague; rye dance— Florence . Ross, May
Thornp. Anna Hansen, Lena Drescher,
Zena Kiefe; vocal duet and dance, Ethel
and Carrie Manning: buck dance, Marlon
Cane; fandango, Claire lone White: fspe
clalties, Blanche Trele.ase: caprice, Inez
Bauer; tarentelle, Ethel Ma-nning; j fan
ballet— Stella Fuhs. Rose MacDonald. An
nette Atkinson, Blanche • Trelease, Ethel
und Carrie' Manning. Inez Bauer.
The California Business College gave, a
banquet to the college faculty Friday
evening. November 23, in the banquet
room of a downtown cafe in .celebration
of a recent reorganization ar.o enlarge
ment of the -college. M. K. Lauden was a
guest of honor. President R. L. Durham
acted as toastmaster. Mesdames Durham
:<nd Roelofsz and the Misses Coret and
Thompson were among- those present.
After dinner C. L. Smith. Ph.D.. respond
ed to the tcast. "The Moral in Educa
tion": Professor J. K. Renshaw to "The
Pf-n Is M'ghtlor Than the Sword," and
R. A. Jordan to "Law in Commercial
Life." Mr. Roelofsz was fellcitious in his
toast, "The Ladies." Mr. Lauden dls
cussrd "Theory of a Business Educa
tion." after which this part of the enter
tainment W8s closed by President Durham
In a thouehtful address on "The Signifi
cance of Utility in a Business Education "
..liseeHareous leasts and after-dinner wit
ticisms concluded a very pleasant affair.
In the Future.
The Romita Club iwlil give«its last as
sembly and german In the Supreme Court
building, Larkin' and McAllister streets.
Saturday evening. December 8. The cadet
corps of the Third Congregational Churcn
will attend in uniform. Captain R. B.
Moore will lead the gtrman.
The Native Sons of Vermont will hold
their regular monthly entertainment, fol
lowed by a dance, on Friday evening, De
cember 7, at Native Suns' Hall.
The following excellent programme has
been prepared for. the occasion:
Personals.
Overture, -tJellepnine'a orchestra; whist
ling solo, Edward Alexander; tenor solo
(selected;, Chams E!k:ns Taylor; violin
Solo, Juiius Gold; bass solo (selected),
Cecil M. Smith; sung. Orpheus Glee Club;
Xylophone* solo. Professor J. Casad; so
prano soin Selected), Mtso Jessie Foster;
monologue. Miss Edna Dudley.
Mrs. Edmur.d Lauterbach will bo at
heme the first Tuesday ol every month at
177S Union street, near Octavla.
T. J. Rowland has left for the Eaal,
where he will engage In business.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Scott have returned
to this city after several months in Eu
rcpe and will spend the winter at their
home. 305 Buchanan street. ¦ '
Mrs. R. J. Jose loft for Xew York
Wednesday morning, where she will join
her husband and spend the winter month".
Mr. and Mrs. £lgmund Stern have moved
from their former residence, 700 Van Ness
avenue, to 1G41C Mission street. They will
receive, on the first -Tuesday of each
month. - • - . . ;
Mr. and Mr?. Victor R. Ulman have
moved to 1S16 Baker street. Mrs. Ulman
will be at home the first and second
Thursdays.
At the Resorts.
PASO ROBLES— Among those spending
the wintor at Paso Robles are, from San
Francisco: C. Hammersmith, S.. Scellg,
N. J. Tobias, A. D. Dugan, Henry Payot.
and wife, Saedee K. Walsh, L,. C. Smith,
V. F. Ames, E. Oppenhelmer, Fred Cox,
George J. Senk, Mrs. Paul Rosslter, Mrs.
H. Hassen, H. Steinberg:, Jac* "Ryan. M.
Relnhart, W. H. Francis, C. W. Clark,
Wl J. Davis. Tlieo. O. Gladding. Fred L.
Haven, B. P. Danforth. A. B. . Bpreckels.
Charles Holbrook, L. V. Dubols. F. S.
Braddy, H. R. Judah, I. S. Green, A. C.
Rosendale, Edw:E. Kltel, A. M. Posner,
A. Leegh. \V. F. Anderson. J. Stuart. D
C. Schoeufeld, \V.. C. Stetson, Miss La
ment, H.C. Whiting, A. II. Harscher,
Mra..M. J. Johnston, Mrs.,C. W. Hunt,
George M. Lowrey, J. C. -Both!n, Charles
L. Van Vleet, R. D. McQuiddy, George I..
Colburn, K. L. de Armau, J. G. Burton,
John Millzner, Henry \yeber, George E.
Maxwell, C. M. Hunter, F. C. H. •Rubins,
L. A. Wilhelm, Julius Loebl, J. B. Brown,
James H. Jones, R. H.' Spotwood, M. M,
Poole. A\'. A. Bradford, C. M. Gregory, J.
Boucher, W- H. Prterson, A. Brown, M.
Stone. W. C. Brown, J. E. Cosgrove, J.
D. McCarthy, V. E. Shaw, W, H. King,
H. E. Diggles, "Adolph Kean. James
Smith, Daniel Ruff, Ed Church, Arthur
Rodgrers and wife, W. C. Pavev, G. M.
Cunningham, Edward "Nadro, ' C. Pome
roy, B. Ross?, G. H. Conaugh, Nate Mayer,
Herbert Kullman, P. Heslin, B. McManus,
D. A. Finn. Thomas F. Burke, M. Brady,
D. Murphy. D. Lyons, George C. Oxnard
and wife. Fred R. Koening, H. E. Owner.
C. Van II. King. H. S, Keller. John
Phelan. A. Wolf«>nden. P. J. McDonnell,
W. H. L. Barnes and wife. T.
K. Statler, Dr. L. O. Rodgers an-1
wife. C. H. Woolmington, J. \v.
Bassford, F. I>. Bfrnardi. W. S. Barry.
Nate Jacobs. S. E. Epler, E. S. Sharpe t
A, Bays and wife. R. P. Grubb, A. Har
ris. Joseph Hahn, Stanley Ponton. B.
Ross. Paul Keller. Thomas L. Lewis. F.
Dassonville. I. X. Hibberd and wife, Mar
tha B. Andrews, James O. Dwyer, Joe
Rosenberg. R. B. H. Collier. S. A. Rosen
thai, T. Spelman. Arthur McCracken. Al
ford Burnley, Frank Elliott; Oakland— M.
Jonas, Krnil Lehnhardt and wife. Miss
Edna Lehnhardt. Frank M. Gilcrist: Sa
linas—J. Harley, E. O. Eaton; San Jose-r
F. A. Tanner, L. R. Smith, J. II. Henry.
Dr. H. C. Brown. A. S. Mackenzie. Fred
M. Stern. 1). J. Flarinery, D. B. Moody;
George Stiglich, Kureka; Vancouver. B.
C— Percy W. Evans and wife; G. Coleman
and wife, Mrs. II. T. Ceperley; C. M. Dlm
mlck and J. W. Sward and wife, Chicago;
C. R. Mulander, King City; Dick Bosg and
E. Roy Wagner, Cincinnati. O. ; C. \V.
Rollins. St. Louis; Alaska — Robert Allison
and wife, A. J. Beecher,' A. F. Zipf, O. F.
Finch and wife; H. E. Mosher and wife
and Mrs. M. E. Mortimer, Niles; A B.
Montross and wife, Irvlngton; M. F. Duff
and wife. Menlo Park; W. B. Jones Port
land, Or.; J. Mulhallen, Chisam, Wash j
Seattle— Captain "W. J. Bryant and wife
John Hartlg, Hans Mattson: H. Campbell
Nelson. England; George M. Pfenninger,
Helena. Mont.; Louis Houffe, Astoria; W
A. Jackson, Los Angeles. \
Treasurer Mis» Mareraret Ohea, Mrs. Etta
Van Court, chief of Ivy Lodge; Grand Re
corder ;C.'T. Spencer, MlssK. Gartner of
IVV;L0(3g«l\ ¦;,.-¦*.; ;..; . ..-; ¦< \\ ¦¦. .* ; . t :
-The contributors to the pleasures of th©
evening \ were: r Mrs. Mallqy. piano selec
tions; recitation. Colonel Walter Malloy ;
songs, Dr. A. D.Hawley,' special deputy
for the Ancient Order United Workmen 1
recitation. Pearl , Miller, and Improvised
songs, Sam Booth; G. R.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
-week. Grand Protector' "Whlttdn
Grand "Secretary Quitzow and Mrs Quit
zow; special deputy, paid an official visit
to Harmony Lodse In Sacramento. The
visitors were received with a great deal of .
enthusiasm, and It was evident that the
membership Is anxious to advance the or- j
der In that section -. of the Jurisdiction.
The official business being over,- there was
an | evening of 'entertainment and a sup
per. r?J
Last Tuesday night Martha Lodge hart./
a social In the Social Hall of the AJcai^Ji
building, at which there were present*??'
large number of the members and their
friends, who spent a very pleasant even
lngr. for a sood programme of dancti, In
cluding several of the old-tus* numbers,
was presentei ¦> - ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL- SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900.
26
1 4J> VEBTISSMENTS.
A Frenchman fs constn:ctingr an auto-
mobil<» of 100 horrcpowcr. Such a veh!cl<*
in -view of ih.e stringent anti -speeding laws
now being enforced xhroughr>ut Frdnce. !s
likely to prove a Trriite elephant on his
hands. •-.-•:;
ADVEBTISEXTENTS.
¦ ¦ .1 ¦ ¦ .- ¦ . . . . ¦
' r '' V- \ V' ' ' ' " ' r
••••¦¦".¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' M
•¦ ' : ;V- ¦ -to tub...
The largest wholesale manufacturer
on the coast, will make to order
High-Grade. LADIES' TAILOR
SUITS at/ .. : ;
Wholesale
Prices.
J228 MABKET STREET
II I! ' I I II
lll.i I I iIl
; E).0CtOrS' jMyStifiCCio Grateful Letters from Cared Women, j
/ ' " Deab Mes. Pr^KHAif :— I was a sufferer from female weakness tor ''
*. 7 — — about a year and a half. I have tried doctors and patent medicines, but I
y nothing 1 helped me. I underwent the horrors of local treatment, bet >
A Woman is 8ick; Some disease peculiar to her Sex is ll ll no benefit. My ailment was pronounced ¦
f nr ,L a~^, i '¦• • u x mi , i » ., I ulceration of the womb. I suffered from intense <
taSt aeveioping m her System. She goes to her family P^ins in the womb and ovaries, and the backache-
physician and tells him a story, but not the whole story. l££r i^Sfih^tJt^S- f|
She holds Something back, loses her head, becomes W— * '*jj3fq my bed. The paina were so hard w to almcat
agitated, forgets what she wants to say, and finally con- • MP 1§
ceals what she ought to have told, and thus completely \ v 01 *^^f SJl ort and * s * Te u p a11 ho P e of ffettinjr well,
mvstifies the dortnr \*r- W f I dragged along. To please my fister 1 ;
iljystmeb ine UOCtOr. t V>^ |jf wrote to you for advice. Your answer cama, bat
Is it any wonder, therefore, that the doctor fails to jfc^Ms SS'dSS-scS'fo^ twhuT" 1 *** "***¦
euro the disease? Still, we canuot blame the woman, for L^s^^JL " Afterreading your letter, I concluded to trv
it is very embarrassing to detail some of the symptoms of WStffli^M £wS i 2&
her suffering, even to her family physician. It was for |f crawE b.stansbury|{ cared^u. of mv friends think my care almost
this reason that years ago Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, at Lynn, timely advice and wish^o? pro°s^rity i/your^bie^or^teSreS^S
Mass determined to step in and help her sex. Having had ? h * \^%y^^VSS^^^^^iS^ sta^£
considerable experience in treating female ills with her bury, Herington, Kansas. .
Vegetable Compound, she encouraged the women of Amer- •_¦_• ¦ __..»._ ' ' |
ica to write to her for advice in regard to their complaints [¦ ~^aimLj ~"" i T) ** De * b Mbs - bAre *be«n tn*a*> : ~
and being a woman, it was easr for her ailing sisters to '^^fek £^r»S£S?vS5£SSSSSS
pour into her ears every detail of their suffering. - W <ione for me. I MWy™, .m* J!^ I
In this way she was able to do for them what the phy- and now 1 feel like a dLfferent person. »
sicians were unable to do, simply because she had the iC mf- " M y troubles wer ° headacne,. =
proper information to work upon, and from the little group S 'Z'Z^LiL^i^T^.
of women who sought her advice years ago, a great army ,aAl_---!-#\ table Compound, one box of Uver Pffls, ima
of her fellow-beings are to day constantly applying for i^f^^si^ U5ed one &&*& oi SanaUre Wash, and an ¦
advice and relief, and the fact that more than one hundred n ° w . T 11 "
thousand of them have been successfully treated' by Mrs. JlfWW^ <tH'^j done '^""rT t°? r^lV^V^* yon have-
Pinkham during the last year is indicative of the grand l^^^S|?er o h^ ' ***** !
results wnicn are produced by her unequaled experience -. :
and training. .: ; . ; - "Deab Mrs. Petkham :— I want to t«U yon what your medicine has
xt i. • • . done for me. I believe it saved my life. I had wombtrouble^l te
ISO physician in the World has had SUCh a training, Or flammation of the ovaries, and waa troubled with flowing too much. I
has such an amount of information at hand to assistin the $2SJSdte?^g S^°^tJ^t'Y^tltti^ 1^^
treatment of all kinds of female ills, from the simplest Ir^d^EO^^VsT 78^™ 186 Ja^ Yt &*u» Compoxrnl?!!£Ra
local irritation to the most complicated diseases of the ' X bk0Whe g aD ' Maip «- ; (
_,. . . "•' i -' -. >rS^^^»^^^*-\ " December 23, 1S39.
This, therefore, is the reason why Mrs. Pinkham, in >G^Wmki * * <rteAR Mrs - petcham:-i feel that it is' my
her laboratory at Lynn, Mass., is able to do more for the '^^"^ ri"S fr?m ftf^S^ R ft w^^JS:
ailing women of America than the famil}- physician. Any illlF — J? hle Com P° und - I wrote tu jO n last June and
woman, therefore, is responsible forher own suffering W 'W & "itookL^^Sfi 3 " / * ¦ V
- ... , . ,. . i, . ° Vfr \ iook seven bottles of your medicine and was
WHO Will not take the trouble to Write to Mrs. Pinkham V. /ul I et^ oim 7 troubles. Last September I wMtalien
for advice ¦.*."/- •. ; ~ : • •;:^> i * • /^^ / with a very bad kidney trouble. I was away from S
* :W ; TQk '•'"-</ n °me and was obliged to retnrn. I started to take I
The testimonials which we -are constantly publishing 1N^*V J0n 'i?^ idn T e a?ain and was soon weU * • ?
from grateful women establish beyond a doubt the power f^^^fe <»* itndSffiiiJ? 2 i ™"SSJh«? £2'" - ;
of L.ydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to ls3/^§?^S&vi? d ™ d an f t J i r teen - i am jrratefui to. y <m for
conquer female diseases. . . • KS^ I
'"¦' '"""¦' ' "¦'¦: "'¦ ' '- - ' .¦•¦..'. • .- , , •.•/¦. -.¦..',, •¦'... ' ' ,,'J ness."— MES. R CUNNINGHAM, Oakland, m. |
: $E*f*iif%f} : REWARD :^.a^is^rja^«|
MME. IDALINE FACE CREAM
DOES AWAY WITH THE USE OF ALL FACE POWDERS.
It Beautifies AT ONCE and is PERFECTLY INVISIBLE.-
Send 2-ccnt stamp ar.d we will mail yo if FREE SAMPLE of Face Cream.
FREE y^^S^^s. MHE. IDALINE'S
DEMONSTRATION FACE AND
DAILY AT THE f /a*/^ \ LIP ROUGE
EMPORIUM. //rAp K^i&nri^
Ask your drue- j f MvtJ} T PRICE:
cist—if he does not ill - 1 S^ __X ' /// CREAM ••••-•¦ 50C
keep it we will send V\ Qr^^^^ £ Jl BGU6E ....... 25C
to your address \j\*J, vgAjppA, J?//J PACIFIC COAST
upon receipt -of W* ' Q °^ 9^^ LABORATORY,
price. OVe pay K -^^^^ 2?4 S POWCll St., '
Portage) " San Francisco.
35°A>O¥=T S SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
PREMO &POCO CAMERAS. £ n<1 a » *»»« fadal blemUhWare removed by
*Z. ~J ' O K^M^M 2S-29. with the electric needlo without T pain^?
SEED & CRAMER. PLATES. r g5S£?Sg m S2^ 1 %S£ ?£&*•
2O % OFF BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
EASTMAN KODAKS. 8 e 5£d« w^.£ B h J >f ? wkta|f tb * rtla «"»•
OctilUta' prwcrtptlons fllled. " Factory on SI ** > o t ,. h -. d«»r. white an<l I «a^<ew^ I
l>rr miJ-cr. Quick ropairinK. Phone, Main 10 * 0l i U ' f u i *J? d cur * 9 fM*™ *siffik$&r\
uaK and t-cztmn. It in a k"SS3RAsSA
h4/MfiPlfPT IW5TRIIMFNTS ToOth P° w< 5'r. tto. . All WciMP^SS^
Ott rlARfXET OT. l"3TRUMtNT3 «rs«rl»ta and *t offlc* of y * TimritmKf,**?,,
i^scp cmoH^t buoiko. aiALOCUE FKl. £ £* tFrl^Ehg- Co t ~ r **' t <** '**•*';"We were really forced into this," he
said,' "as ¦ the .Pacific . Mail waa not -_ dis
posed | to renew its contract with us, and
there are i no <¦ other -American: companies
from , which :i we ; could get ? satisfactory
transportation*" >'
One advantage such \ a combination
would have over the Panama would be
more prompt delivery, it is, claimed. i The
combined companies will.be able to run
steamships into Guaymas, on the Gulf of
California, and there transfer freight • to
the Sonora Railroad , which ls : controlled
by the Southern Pacific. ., From this line
the freight would be sent over, the South
ern Pacific to Galveston," whence it would
be taken to New York by the Morgan
line. '¦-'¦¦''¦ "¦ ¦ *'•- -. :r " ¦ ¦ ¦'-. ¦: .
P. F. Connor, the Panama company's
local agent, admitted yesterday that his
company was not chartering steamers be
cause It wanted to, although he preferred
that an official • announcement to that ef
fect should come from the New York
office.
•Why the Pacific Mail has so stoutly de
clined to extend its contract with the Pan
ama people after December IS is a ques
tion which seems to be open to more than
one explanation. The action of the Pa
cific Mail, coming as it does so soon after
the Southern Pacific secured a controlling
interest in the company, has led many
to believe that by a combination which
will now be possible between the railroad
and the steamboat companies, the stock
holders hope to eventually freeze out the
Panama company on this coast.
If the Panama company was able to
contract with any other steamship com
pany for handling Its coastwise business
It. would do so, but in its failure to ar
range such a contract leaves it in a posi
tion where It must charter its own
steamers. To " this end the company is
now working, and a second steamer was
chartered yesterday through the Panama
company's Pacific Coast agent, F. F.*Con
nor. The name of the vessel is not given,
but it is said to be one of two that have
been under option for several days.
The reason- why the Panama company
has been unable to get any other steam
ship line to handle Its Pacific Coast busi
ness is not due to the scarcity of foreign
companies which would like to succeed
the Paclllc Mail. The trouble lies in the
fact that the United States law will not
permit the handling of coastwise trade
except in American bottoms.
' From reliable sources It was learned
yesterday that the Panama Railroad
Company/is not at all anxious to put on
an independent steamship service between
this city and Panama, but is compelled
to do so by the action of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company in peremptorily re
fusing to enter into another contract with
the Panama people. It is asserted that
the Panama company has been and still
Is willing to accept almost any terms the
Pacific Mail is willing to allow it. It ls
further claimed that the Panama Rail
road has not refused to give the Pacific
Mail the exclusive right to carry the
freight passing over the isthmus.
The Railro .d Company Is
Refused Renewal of Its
Contract.
PANAMA ROAD
IS FORCED OUT
BY PACIFIC MAIL
A coming dramatic recital that is at
tracting an unusual amount of attention
is the third and last In the series given by
Mrs. Louise Humphrey-Smith, which will
take place at Century Hall next Thursday
evening-, i Mrs. -Smith has for her subject
Stephen Phillips' "Paolo and Francesca,"
the tragedy which has attracted such at
tention equally from literati and play
wrights, and the reciter's well-known
ability insures a thoughtful and clever in
terpretation of this most beautiful of mod
ern plays. ¦
Mr. Stern owns one of the moet beauti
ful Stradivarius celli ever turned out by
the old 'Cremonese genius.* The instru
ment has a jpicturetque and romantio his
tory. Its first owner, fully conscious of
the beauty. and worth of Stradivarius'
work, handled it with extremest care dur
ing his lifetime and then left it with
scrupulous charge concerning its welfare
to his heirs. In their keeping, in th© isl
and of Corfu, the cello lay untouched for
a lull hundred yeara, and finally, by a
Joint gift from admiring friends, has
reached the hands of this distinguished
young artist in perfect condition. Mr.
Stern is a pupil of the celebrated PiattJ,
and has done much In the first introduc
tion of the later claseics for the cello of
Tschaikowsky and Dvorak and others Into
American concert rooms. . Ha has also a
sufficient knowledge of the piano and
plays much for his talented .wire.
Campanari, whobe excellent barytone
has given such pleasure here, is, also, a
cellist of note, and also plays very well
on the piano. Mr. 1 Stern 'accompanies his
cello work, then Campanart wiu'play for
him. There is talent to burn among the
Grau people. '
They tell many stories of the barytone
cellist-pianist Campanarl; of his large in
difference to his physical surroundings,
for one thing. He was asked If hs had
been to see Chinatown here, but replied
that he did not see why he should, as h»
could £et the photographs for 50 cents!
There has been some gtjssip to the effect
that Mr. Campanari's brother, a distin
guished and well known conductor both
in London and Milan, may possibly corr.e
out here for a short season In the oear
future. ¦ ( .
Local music, with the ending of the
opera season, is beginning to look up
again. A Schumann piano recital by Wil
liam Piutti at Century Club Hall on the
afternoon of December C and another ap
pearance of little Paloma - Schramm on
Tuesday evening under tho auspices of
the Loyal Rebekah Lodge, I..O. 0. F. t will
be the week's programme.
In the Grau company are many singers
who have made no appearances at all
n«ie, .Pini-Corsi among mem, and others
who have had only smallest opportunity
of showing tnelr capabilities. Suzanne
Adams, who sings to-night in "Rigoletto,'.'
is an artist wnoae measure we of tne West
lia\e hardly had a chance to take, her
only appearance so far being as Margue
rite de VaJois in "The Huguenots." jtliss
Adams is not the only Qisunguished mem
ber of her family, by the way. Her-hus
oand, Leo Stern, ls a cellist of wide repu
tation. Ho is here with Mrs. Stern for tho
season, and in other places included in the
Grau itinerary wili make a public appear
ance. At. St. Louis he plays with tho
symphony orchestra, and it seems a pity
that here in San Francisco we- should not
have had opportunity of hearing him and
th© famous "General Kydd" cello which
the arti3t ls fortunate enough to possess.
the natural musical progress s to be ex
pected with the years and from Wagner's
comparative novelty. The . 'Ring' appre
ciation is'jperhaps surprising from its dif
ficulty of comprehension on first hearing."
"How does tho occasional adverse criti
cism of your Western critics suikc you?"
"Every man has a right to his opinion,"
and Mr. Grau here smiled a little, as if
there were in, reserve some opinions con
cerning opinions. "But all I ask is sin
cerity. If San Francisco is, on the whole,
a6 well pleased - with us as we are with
San Francisco— and from. the few people
I see I gather that she ls— there is little
to complain of on either side."
"We had hoped to hear 'Tristan 1 and
the "Meisterslngers* this time."
"You will prouably have those and other
things next time," and Mr. Grau, with an
interested glance at his - correspondence
and another at tho sunlight flooding th©
room, commented again on the "beautiful
day." '
"Can you not say as to time of the next
visit?" I asked. "September— October?"
"Too early, I think," he replied. "You
may most likely expect us about the same
time next year." And I, with a saving
remembrance of the appealing correspond
ence, took my leaae. • •
"No. I have not been here since the last
Pattl visit. In '93, and nothing of- the kind
was then in evidence. It was simply from
"Delightful day!" he said next, looking
toward the windows through which the
sun was pouring In its warm November
brilliance, and wishing, evidently, that
with his singers he could carry back to
New York some of the sunshine which
had made possible the uninterrupted pro
gramme of San Francisco's season. He
was sitting at a small, plain writing-table
in his rooms at the Palace Hotel, talking
to tlje incessant tick-tick of a typewriter
In the next apartment, and with a divided
attention for the scattered teiegrams, un
opened letters, and correspondence of all
kinds, with which the table was adorned.
In turning over these, a playbill v.'ith th^
famous names of Calve and "Carmen," in
conjunction, was disclosed, and immedi
ately suggested inquiry as to the rumored
Calve engagement of next year, and her
romantic pilgrimage to India in search of
health.
"It is true," said Mr. Grau, "that Calve
does not sing this year, also that when I
left her in Paris immediately before com
ing here she was contemplating a pleasure
trip to Egypt. As to anything- further —
Eastern pilgrimages and the. like — I know
nothing. But in all human probability
Calve will be with us next year and give
you that Carmen which— well, I think you
will like it." Which, from the emphatical
ly unenthusIastIc*Mr. Grau, means an un
limited much. -
"We have had a Carmen here—Collama
rini." I suggested. <
"Yes, I was at your little opera-house
the first evening of my arrival," discreet
ly replied Mr. Grau.
"We liked her," I ventured again.
"Yes?"
"And we think that, musically. San
Francisco owes, much to the little Tivoll."
"I do not think that you can get a per
formance of equal value for the prices
anywhere." heartily rejoined the impre
sario. "And their unbroken programme of
twenty-three — twenty-four "
"Twenty-one ¦ years." I corrected.
" is almost unique." he continued.
"Yes, we have been round there quite fre
quently."
"Were you surprised at the Wagnerian
enthusiasm here. Mr. Grau?"
"Hardly — no. We expected It." '
"From former experiences?"
"One remarkable feature of the season
so far— but I must not boast, there ls still
half a week left— is that in a series of
twenty-four performances we have only
once had to change the programme, and
that only in one slight, particular. A most
unusual record!" and Mr. Grau sighed aa
if he might have troubles of his own. with
amusing evidence of memories of sneezing:
Brunnhildes, sulky Juliets, rebellious Lu
cias, and the prima donna in ail her fas
cinating, capricious variety.
"Yes, it is a great pleasure to be able
to grive such performances," he said the
other day, "and pleasant also, to feel that
the effort is appreciated in the hearty
fashion in which San Francisco has ap
parently enjoyed our work.
Mr. Grau expresses a considerable con
tentment with his reception out West,
without any surprise, however,, at its
warmth, and with a pardonable sense of
its being the well-earned result of effort
expended in his production?.
¦ artists of the com
ing season, the repertoire — of course, de
pendent upon the artists — Mr. Grau is yet
unable to give any definite information,
but the famous impresario gave me a few
notes of interest the other day as to prob
abilities. ,
_ R. GRAU'S Intent
T"^| ji |^V to return some tirno
// x\. durin £ the nex t
f / y ea r season is now
// \l a settled event In
If \j the musical history
p««\V f*\ )J °' * ne ' u ture of
V » LJ I-J sjif San Francisco.
As to time, the
MUSIC
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900.
27
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MOBOSCO'5 GRAND OPESA-KODSE.
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
THIS EVENING,
.. Popular and Farewell Night,
"RIGQLETTO"
Suzanne Adams, Bauermelster. Van Canteren
and Homer: Saleza, Journet. GUibert. Dufrtche.
Vivlanl, Maslero and Scottl.
Conductor. 3X. Floo.
PRICES— $1, $2, $2.50, $3.
. Boxes, (12. $13. {13. General Admission $1.
WEBER PIANO USED.
OP AND GO«-PA HOU.^P
SEATS NOW OX SALE AND SELUNG FAST.
TO-MORROW EVENING.
REOPENING or the Dramatic Season.
?: , ' FIRST APPEARANCE of th*
OLIVER LESLIE CO.
. Every artist direct from New York.
In a superb production of
THE PRISONER of ZENDA
First time at popular prices.
. 10c. 15o, 25c and 30c.
A.- few front rows in orchestra. 75e.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Branch ticket offlce^ — Emporium.
UJLIIMpiA v^ss
Beglnnlnsr TO-MORROW,
SECOND WEEK OF
ALICE NIELSEN
And the Alice Nielsen Opera Co.
Direction of FRANK L. PERLBT.
First Time Here of Victor Herbert and Harry
B. Smith's Success,
TH _ FORTUNE
¦i fit TELLER .
MISS NIELSEN In Her Orlrlnal Stellar Role.
MATINEE T0-D1Y. SUNDAY.
TONIGHT LAST THUS.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
The Sensation of New York and London.
David Belasco's Charming Japanese Story
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by the Howling Fare*
"WHERE IS TOMPKINS?"
Matlne* Saturday | and Sunday.
OLYMFIA ggiSSh*
THE ONLT FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW
IN THE CITY.
leondorTrothers,
America's Greatest Gladiatorial ¦ Acrobats.
v MABEL HUDSON,
California'* Sweetest Songstress,
AND OXTB CELEBBATED STOCK
COMiPANY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
MATINEE; EVERT SUNDAY.
. ADMISSION FREE.
SCHUMANN PIANO RECITAL,
• By WILLIAM PIUTTI,
CENTURY CLUB HALL. 1211 Sutter Stmt
THURSDAT AFTERNOON. Dec. s, S:80 o'clock.
TlSlwW. B. at Prta«lp»i>Musla Btox«»»
ritWmmimtimi nl mBi T r~r Hi n »*' itliuWWTf mm mi
WSH2K. 00M3TESNX3XO TO-WCiV
EundAy. K&tloMk Dm. i '¦¦ ;"
— JL WHOPKNO BXO BTTTi *m »'T,
PATRICE
Bapportad by Her Own Omour. *a<* 9x+-
¦antlar O«otr* Tottea Smirk'*
"THB aiRl. IS T&E MOOSV
ROBERTUS AND WILFREDO
EttropaTa Greatest Squflir>rtst» «ad. Satofimn.
FANTZER TRIO
Asilsted by MRS. CARL. PANTZES. la Tirir
Xew Acrobatic Spectaltyv
-JL OTMNA8TS PARLOR AMUS^MSarnL*
MAY DE SOUSA
X Favorlt* Songstress Prosa th* Burt. .
A. M. POWERS
Mlmlo and Coinlo Sinrsr.
JULIUS P. WITMARK
la Entire Chanr* o! ResertotMk
MARY OUPOfiT and CH AS, LOTHIAN
In a. Sketch by Vivian Dean PrtwtTl.
DULLORY BROS. AND BROOKS
'. ¦.:'•¦ Music*! Artl»t».
Lest *W«ek «rf ta«
..GREAT WALDON~
In an Entire Chaa** ef Prorramm*. ¦ '
Parqnet. 25c. any seat; Balcony. Me; oM54r*a.
10c. any part except reserved. A few front or-
chestra rows, reserved. Me; front rows of bal-
cony, reserved. 25c.
For lots of fan sad mirth to sw -
Ju3t drop in at tha ;-*.%
*TIVOO*
Where nightly sw&ggtrs, wiilioul ft w»
The tr&Tv,
THE JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
His conduct pleases and ha's nwk,
Thexefors he stays another week.
For two weeks he has held the stags { '¦
To see this gal ant is the rage. .
Sassassanfrassa is his drink;
To try it means you cannot think.
This merry blada with as will stay
For seven more nights and a matinee,
Please note that one who's very ds&r
To us is coming now quita near ;
Throughout tha world she's known U fame,
For "Cinderella" is her name, :
To spet& with us o'er magio lino
Jost ask tie "Oeatral" for Bnsi 9. -
And just to pass the time away,
Our seats are selling night and day,
For none we give with eompliments—
They sell at 25 and 50 cents.
UNION COURSING PARK
/ TO-DAY!
Sunday, December 2*
The Cracks
Will Compete!
J12— NOMINATIONS— 112
Every Hound
a Champion!
$1500-Prize Money~$1500
TRAIN' SERVICE:
| Leaves TMrd and Townsend ctrcsts tO5 mL jbl, .
10:15 a. m.. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. B*-
turnia; at 4:13 p. m. and after the last coots*.
Ban Mateo electric can every six mferatea.
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
CHUTES and ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
INCLUDING
SANSOHE and DELILA,
EQUILIBRISTS.
Direct from tie Orpbaunu
aquatic 'Sports' oh the lake
this Ayramrocttr.
THE ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN AT NIGHT,
Telephen« for teats. Park Jt
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1300-WINTER MEETDTO-1WL
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
dec 3d to dec. istii. rNxsktrsrox
OAK1AND RACETRACK.
Racing: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thar** ¦
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shins.
Flv« or more races each day. • ¦
Races start at 1:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferrr-boats Iea.Ta San Francisco at 11 m. mad
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and S p. m.. eonaectlnj
with trains itoppln? at tta« entrance to th« '
track. Last two cars on train reserved tor
ladles and their escorts: no tmokinr. Boy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains Yi*
Oakland mole connect 'with Saa Pablo ivna*
electrio can at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mote con* !
nect with San Pablo avenn» ear* at PovrtMnth
and Broadway. Oakland. Thes* el&ctrto ear*
go direct to th* track in flrtean mlautss.
Beturnlns— Trains leave ths track at 4:19 and
4:45 p. m. and lzntnedlatelr after th* last rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
17T5:PWFP*C! CONCERT HOUSE.
COGHILI* AND COOPER'S COMEDIANTS TX
"THB GREEN-BTED MOXSTER."
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES AND MU3ICA3*
ACTS! .
. Reserved teats 23c. Matinees SumJar. .
(L ?PATENTS!T-
\gS^3?Q MARKET ST. SF^y
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERa. THB
gr«at Mexican nmedy; fives htalth and
•tKBCtb to »e»ual orjajis, D«p<3t, ttt M*rX»t,
BupftHre Core Free,
Home Method That Restores No
Matter How Bad the Case.
Welcome Advice From a Well
Known New Ycri Specialist.
A prominent specialist in the cure of rupture
has written a book on the subject and tells how
any sufferer can cure himself at home at slig-ht
expense. And the best of It is that he has pub-
lished this book for free distribution. Printing
.MR. F. L. WILLEY.
is, nowadays, such a rapid art that It doesn't
j cost a great deal to get out a neat book and
give it away. The" book is written by Dr. W.
S. Rice, 418 L. Main St.. Adams, N. T., and by
rr.erely sendlns your name 4nd address he will
mall you a copy free of all cost. The portrait
above ls that of Mr. F. L. Willey, Shelton,
Wash,, who was cured of rupture by Dr. Rice.
Mr. Willey says: "I sent to Dr. Rice for one of
his books on rupture and found It very valu-
able. The Information therein was | the first
rtal knowledge I had ever received that could
convince me that rupture was a curable mal-
ady. I used the home treatment and am glad
to say that my rupture waa perfectly cured
and that I haven't had any return or noticed
si.y difference between the healed place and
any other solid part of me. I was cured sound
and well."
Readers are requested to write at once for
this fre« book. No matter If you; are wearing
seme kind of a truss that affords some relief
ei^nd at once and learn all about the new home
cure which Dr. Rice has clearly explained and
fully illustrated. Write to-day, and if you
ki.ow others who are ruptured ask them to
write. It contains advice that may save your
life.
If you write at once r>r. Rice will send you
a trial of his method free of all cost."
Avisr» OR JORDAN'S sreat4
fBUSEUB OF ABATQHYf
A Qfo 1051 XiOZZV Si. ttt. 6&*7&. s. J.Ost 4
\ T he Z-* r e«t Anatomiou Museum in the \
ft v ' orl< l- Wcfcfcoetsot or any contracted 4
«k HP ySi dile " e pcrttlwfljr cured |> y the oldest £
W jErJ-jf! apcuaJtucaihcCout. Est.36yaan «
i BVti$Z&il <-ea«ul:stion ircn and jtrict'.y r'ivit- \
(i RfSW«i 'fnument pcnonaliy or by letter. A X
\ « » W H J "°' Mpt CWo la «*e»r <*w unOeruken. \
Afl! l/fi Wrteforllnok. PUII.OHOl'U^ v i A
"II II. -*^SRMIA<Bfi, MAILED fRC«L < .i T
X Q lh' valuable book for araf ,. = • ,_- , \
7 K" JOBDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., S. t. 9
»T 1(» T|> 5&^^
0 1 PP nnil A I* Corner Fourth and
1 ALL 14 I IV A I Mark «. S. F. Try
I.Uri nil I ill our Special Brew
, 6c. Overooata and
valises checked f re*
DVA BFBH^J 8© Celebrated Fomiiie
K r U fri tS I*ovrctor« never falL
¦a i i ¦ ii m nh «nd ran (tftor tefiinf I
irttbTuflr •»lFinnznjtlFIll«).MiWBlaa4oaatSt
Dr. ti. i\ Wi Aii, i^Tere, Soste.^. ilau. j
Alf Elllnghouse.. Prop, and Manager
Phone ' South 770.
* Starting With MATINEE TO-DAY.
\ The Favorlt* Funny Show,
THB RAYS' Howling- Soccess,
TO-NIGHT—
OldTime
JOHN XV. JESS AS LARRY MOONET.
* Triumphal Return
FOR LAUGHIXG PURPOSES ONLT.
FUNNIER UP TO THE
Sl^ MOMENT,
WITH GIRLS THAT ARE PRETTY
And Who Can Sine and Dance.
DON'T BE A CLAM. SECURE
YOUR SEAT NOW WHILE YOU CAN.
Limited Encasement for Two "Weeka.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
EVE. — 15c. 25c, 35c. 50c and 75c.
MAT.— 15c. 25c. 35o and 60c
COMING— G*o. H. Broadhurst— Ever Popular
"WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
Choppers' Friendship Club.
On the night of the 23d of November
the Choppers' Friendship Club celebrated
the third anniversary of its institution bv
an entertainment and smoker in Its meet-
ing hall in the Native Sons' building?.
There was an entertaining programme of
music, songs and story-telling that- kept
the membership toccther until a lato
hour. The club is in a prosperous condi-
tion and promises to become a very strong
auxiliary to the Woodmen. of tho "World,
of which It Is the sick benefit branch.
The establishment of this club has be»n
the means of . doing: away with the slcK
benefit feature in the various camps of
this city.
7 , ....... .
Sohmer Pianos!
i The money- bought rccom-J
< mendarion and preference of well-J
i known musicians was never needed io<
< sell the Sohmer. [
<r It is used in the homes and the halls!
•< and the meeting p'accs where nothing
i but merit counts in selection.
i Palace , Hotel Grill Golden Gat; Hall ':.,') =
1 Odd Fellows* Hall Red Branch Hall :
I Llk'sHaU Stanford University ,
i Byron Mauay ]
( Sole Agent of Sohraer Pianos '\
{ i 3O8-312 Post St S«i\ Francisco \
OPBN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
Dnln A Ok 1 These hotels dos-
X CtlClvU sess the attributes
'¦. j- that;^tourists and~-
. travelers appreciate >
-^central .location,
rj, no y%A liberal manasrc-
\J1 CtilU. ment. ; modern/ ap •
/ »T x l "pointments 'an d
IlOtelS P e r ic c t cuisine.
American and • Eu- -
San FKUieisco ropean plans.
__ / ADYEBTISEMByTa. , __ j
j CITY »f#fe PARIS;;
I Dry Goods "^^^^ Company, jj
ii DBpartnienf! gSL ii
• • • • • Y I * £*tk M * t*J • • • f&Sl! ifttniior K ! i * *
;; Is the price of this HIGH-GRADE ••
I SWELL TAILOR SUIT, finished with 1^^§M ::
X Satin Piping, Flounce Skirt — *iifj^ ifiMii 1 !
% FLOUNCE SILK LINED— Comes in 1|SS| |
£ Black or Navy Pebble Cheviot. "frM^! IP ' H ' +
I We Show the Greatest Va- JM^m^^Wi
C riety of Handsome (^MwM4 W$k T
f VAFFETA SILK imStA I
1 DRESS SKIRTS 'J|M|W^ 1
| From $15.00 Op. iH|^^| |
$ FUP BoaS I Country Order. CarV- U S|Sf®# T
i I »ully Executed. T
«.% **x u m»w*a v v» | OCI1 Q n\ CS O fi U I*C 8 « _ _ _ _ L_n_<-_r— * *
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, ••
T SK Coroer Geary and Stooktoa Stnsts, Saa Franoisoi. '.'.
? . ;-; UNION SQUARB. 4*
9 •V'M ¦I-1-I..|..H..1..I..!-H-H-K"1"!"1-1-I"!' !¦!!¦! lMl»H"I-l.'l-I"i"I":»:"I-H"H-H"I-M-»
MONSTER COMBINATION :
AUCTION SALE
-OF-
I\I>rlll^ * !Lj3 1 1\ 1 Is*
One-Fourth Cash; Balance on Mort*
• gnge B.t 6 per cent,
Wednesday, Cecerab;r 12, 1910
AND
Thursday, December 13, 1930
At 12*O'Cicck ICoo-,
I 17TLL OFFEK AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
AT
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL
223 Sutter Street,
By order of the Board of Directors of
TEE HIBESSTIA SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY.
TT>» rollowirc chow* p^rcc's of city realty. !m-
r-ro.-e<l ard unli-np:ovcd. nn<l 6lt.iute down tiwn,
in tho Western Addition and Mission district*.
BATTERY A!%P MERCHANT STS.
,_ Xorthv.'est corner- of
jf Battery p.nd Merchant.
j; Thl* fiw corner with a
« 7 . c 1 small cxpcr.Jlt'jre can
_ Q be r-'nt'-i for H50 per
Merchant. ¦ month. The present im-
rrovemtnts are a subrtant'al thr^^-stori" and
fcajement brlc'K. Present rents, Trlth over half
the rrem!s«s vacant. HSO.
COUGH AND FILBERT BTS.
I Northwest corner of
ji\^ Gough and FUb«rtsts.;
Si 3 corner lir.provsd with
o! „, frame dwelling of two
C' i?h ' flats; present rents JSO.
Filbert
rOURTEEKTH AXD STEVETCSON BTS.
I" Northwest corner of-
1 S Fourt<H»nth «md Stevon-
g'J eon Bts., only 105 fe«t
f* 5 east from Valencia et.;
_ j o In the heart of a eroir-
li != Injf district. As a whole
Fourteenth. or In subdivisions.
ELIZABETH ST.. KEAR CASTRO.
! ( '
pi / - - S Ellxabsth at.. 105 feev
5 * Tj f ««t from Castro; thr<x»
•! choice bulMlns 16U.
O Ui !5 v> wnl be BOld " * whole
! II « »n subdivisions.
Elizabeth.
MAKICET BT.
2 This ts a p!ec« of
.e § rropcrtj- with a future,
c The Improvements con-
= slct of 12 fiats, MS9 to
w 113:«. 7». ZlW/i Market «t.. rent-
c — __ — ' Ing for 5165.
Market.
TWENTIETH ST., NEAR CASTRO
Twentieth.
flE 5! &. 7T~ 4105. <U1 an&
Castro and Noe. Those
,1 j three ma£*m dwoll-
o g § n lnss of . 8 rooms and
• • * bath each will bo rold
feparately. Each house
I ! ls new rented for t20.
SHIPLET ST., NEAR SIXTH.
Shipley.
vno 3 Xo. 281 Bhlpley it.,
bet. Fifth and Sixth;
c lrarrovements consist
¦£ _ of a front building of
= "• three stories and rear
of two stories; rents
J %T, 50.
MISSION ST.. NEAR NINETEENTH.
NJnrte*nth.
; No. 2211 Mission St.,
L bet. Nineteenth aad
cij* Twentieth. Improve-
— j' - ments, a rood two- ;
£' story frame bulldlnjr,
S|3 1^2:6. and two flats; rents JSO.
1°* " '
KourteentJi.
-TS East side of Valencia
£•8 St., 300 feet pouth of
g; Fourteenth. Will be
ml Bold as a whole or In
¦5,3 subdlvUions. This ls a
>!» good buy and will ln-
I loa - crease In value.
GROVE ST.. NEAR GOUGIJ.
— — Nos. 406 'and 406H
Grove st. This prop-
C! erty 1» located but four
= blocks -we3t from the
E * City Hall. Jmprove-
•^ Fm«nts consist cf I
dwelllnss of 6 rooms
30 82:5. each, renting for $44.
Grove. '
NINETEENTH St7"~NEAR GUERRERO.
\ 1C3:t Kos. S614 to S626
\ tj Nineteenth St.. bet.
\ -* Guerrero and Dolores.
\"" Q ImproTements occupy
£ only 45 foet front and
° consist of 4 flats. For
1? ?. f actory purposes or a
3/builnesi requiring
!? " pround space this ls &
* . - desirable site. Rents
BROADWAY,* NEAR STOCKTON ST.
m N'os. 710 to Tl« Broa*-
i? s T/ay, bet. Stockton and
• £• Powell st». Improve-
•- in m»-nts consist of lirick
< H ¦ JT stable building and I
20. ) ri a 5 frame dwellings. Rents
2 ' ? |120 M.
76 ' S8:».
Broadway;
WASHINGTON ST., NEAR CENTRAL AVB.
Wash! ngton.
«n. in — «- : M — No. S313 Washington
30.10. ai. .j. t ThJs beautlfu , lot
5? overlooks the Presidio
» rescn'ation " and th«
2 Bay of San Francisco.
3{ t- The Improvements con-
f. slst of a ! modern 10-
Jj room dwflllns In flrst-
"*. a class condition, rent-
' Ins for J49.
VALENCIA ST.. NEAR TWENTY-THIRD. |
Twenty-third.
, 7 Not. 1209 to 1231 Va-
eS lencla st. Thla property
n, « will commend Itself to
•2 — r — g Investors. It | ts now
c 2 *" - -~. o c buKlcess property and
S J s will be more eo In five ¦
« s I » years. It rents for $70. i
> 2 r V-artlett-Bt. lot will b«
no!d separata.
iy> - ! K,
VALENCIA ST.. NEAR NINETEENTH.
< No. 822 Valencia st.
H This ls a business cor-
y> * n e r. I m prorements
2. consist of a good I-
F story and basement
W9; _j' building; rents M5.
Cumberland.
CASTRO ST.. NEAR MARKET.
Southwest corner 01
00 Castro and States sts.
8 ff Street work all done
*¦* c and Btone sidewalk.
S Only 12S ' feet from
Market st.
25. TZ. g. »:«.
Castro.
EIGHTEENTH ST.. NEAR CASTRO.
, S No/ 4U7 Eighteenth
— — — — g. ct., bet. Castro and
jj __ & c Colllnffwood. Good t-
{ 7S - 3 story frame dwelling
S of six rooms.*
B. P. OLIVEB,
E-eal Estate Agent and Auctioneer,
114 Montgomery Street. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V^MLir V/IaI^II/a II THE POPULAR
¦ HOU >."...
Commencing This (Sunday) Afternoon
SECOND AND LAST 1A7EEIC OF
H. HAVERLY'S .'
. With
lisotnrinn iflincfroio GEORGE
I IflaolUUUII mlllollclo wilson
JENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME!
mir-fllf 60NGSI II AN KHT1HBLY BIFPEREHT SHOW THAU
W k W GAGS! cfvcw last wbek
1 1 U 1 1 SPECIALTIES! , NEXf - - - - - John M Welch in "A BELLBOY."
:>£ - - MONSTER' C0UB1BAT1QN
: AUCTION SALE
¦..¦.. . . • -—OF—'
..•:¦
t Bessrve," "U"o If6." "No
• • Conflnaatiocs by Any Court,"
•: ; - - "Aa Absolute Bale,"
: • : . ' — ON —
Wednesday, Decemter \l; 1930
. At 12 HL Sharp,
I.WILL OFFES AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
' ; : . Without Beaerve, at
¦ • SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL
¦ • . : 223 Sutter Street,
• ¦ 457 order of th.a Trustees of tho Estata
cf ETJQEliE KELLY cf
: . ¦ . New York,
m'J* 1^,??* 1 **. 2** 1 te toMtosi la the dtv
•no county of San Frwiclsco. cotnprisla* a list
it ",5? OiC *, pr03:> ' rty *• h " « v «r been effwd
fi™ uct - oa /or ifce past twenty years. It !e
ir^,°r 1 l,V roflllela 5- ** 11 »* nt «^ »nd every- piece
kfcM a future, and with one exception It al! faces
«iaccej v ea etreet*. The buildings cr. the lm-
rrcvta property tr« la nrst-clasa condition and
St ot t*** 3 *- *"«• tenant, could be n»
Semember, the sale ls -wdthout re-
perre. No "ifs," no "subject to own-
ers' approval," no "confirmation by
tha Probate Court." It is an absolute
»alo to the highest bidder for United
States gold coin.
Ifcexaember, It is all corner property.
SAKaOMX AVD BACRAMENTO STS.
, Land afsftsed for
100. I 0E 114,000; Improvements
_ E as*«fSBed for J14.C50; in-
JJ .. m curacce, J20. 2.V- ; pre-
B S § tnlua. SS3 06: nortb-
159 5 west corner of Baasome
¦ ¦ ' asd SsLcraisento streets.
, BafrasientOk Tbe improvements on
: this property oonelst cf a flr*t-cla«s brick
b»iiiC.r\g. natint tor ti.'O r-r month; no lease.
' . - . tXXSOtSS AND COMMEBaAL STS.
Land csscfted for
Ooarrawdal. tW.£W; improx-cments
• - A . " EJ-( ""* ? assessed for KS.O'iO; In-
j 5 eurance. JlT.TiCC; prem.,
m JJ JUS 60; southwest cpr-
¦• ¦'!-."•¦ 81 3 ntr of Sansoass and
Q.« j • Commercial streets.
• ' *• ¦ — ¦ < This Is a particularly
tr.e The bnlldlns <s stout and
txbetarf.tl. •n-ith extra heavy- brick walls, built
• %s lest a century. The total rents are «25 p«r
. ' tncr.th. Ths 6tcre, 4W Sansorae. rents for $50;
th« store, 413 and Hi Sacsome, for Jl jo. and the
y up>i>er .part (the Co»a House) for $1£5; no leaees.
¦ 110NTGO2CERT A2CD SACIIAMBNTO STS.
. • ij • ¦ Land &35««se<l for
: W ¦ Pa,erameatr>. $20,(K)0; Improvements
p ; : jj^j" 1 assessed for J1S.50C; tn-
¦•c ¦' I surance, tSC'.WC'; prcrn..
¦ Z ** ¦ SI * 9E; »o«tbea»t corner
c,'' "*| of Montgomery and
£|-.-" es 8 I eacrasnento streets.
; «J-« 1 ~ - 1 This corner was fcr-
: xiitrly occupied by the Donoho«-Kel!y Hiskin^
; . Compa-T-y- The Improvements consist of one
€>I the ,ir!O5t tubFLantial Uve-storj' brick build-
ings !n tH« city. Alvinza Hayward's niasnifi-
ei-zit eleven-story office building ls in the same
. block, only lit feet extant. Tl;e basement and
¦ ' Bret Story are leaser! to July X. 1?C3. for SI55
. J*r month. Th; uj-per floors bring only the
- : , aotninsl r«-rt of $114. At a- small exr»nditur«
. Jn BBQderdzlas the upper part this rent could
be doubled.
; ..'• : F1T-LMQr.E.
i37:€ '¦ 1C7:£ i W. A. BLOCK >06.
6C-v»ra lot 1. assessed
'.'.•• for tlO.tW.
¦¦¦'- . ¦ . 60-vara lot t, assessed
Tcr J'.CCO.
. v . jj j; gi 50-vara lot 2, ae&cssed
: .. ; (5 . X r? • "l for $1L<TO.
• -1 tt •» "»| M'-vara lot 4. assessed
j. for til. CM.
j'v '•"•'>; • let 5, as«s»e<5
¦ ., \ ¦ Vr t :t 1T:6 for JJtfiG.
' ¦ ' -A' _ tO-vara lot 6, assessed
-. -fc! l£for J'.C.?,TO.
- C' _. [H This trkci is leased
: ¦ : r ** il H i 81 * a whcle to March 1.
- -I- hi. S.-' 5 •_ ..¦ISO*, at t3T» p&r month.
¦ •¦ ' i Improveraenta belong
•.•'¦.-•-. • to the lessor and can
•.-.¦¦- . be removed by her
¦ . ' at the termination of
• ¦¦/ ' 1S7:€ . . 12T:« leace. If the block is
• : not sold as a whole.
,_ ' ¦¦ ¦ f— ?- H but in 50-vara subdi-
.-"; :1s • X " I ": v.Eior.5. the pcrcbawr
. 9 a -. ' " H>t of each 50-vara will b«
• j\ . . - - j entitled tr> ons-slsth of
¦ the monthly rent of
» ¦ . ' ." . the entire block durcr.f
' ¦'¦. . -. .1H7:« • ' 137:6 i the trrm of the lease.
"I-:?-! -n-EBS-TEn. ¦ -V 1 , lhe "p^uon cr
.-. .. ¦ .. • . the lease the purchaser
' •¦ can enter lato possession of the :a:*d.
- .' "Thia block- cf Itnd is destined to becomt ou»
¦ - ' ot the . moit valuable In the Western Addition.
frootiue. as it does., on Flllmore and Turk
¦•' 6tr#et«. and being the most lmponaut transfer
" -point north of Market street. It Is now nearly
entirely occupied for business purposes, and In
' •! 'ten y«a-rs v-Ul pa_y * per cent net on SISO.OOO. It
(a cne .of the few remaining: whole blocks in
' : 'lh* heart of the Western Addition, an! !ts
•. ' JK.sV.bHitiCB are very ereat. eitr.er for business
X>urpo6es, pleasui e grounds or as a church,
¦••chool dr. recreation center.
. ; . - ' BEAXaE AXD BRYANT ST3.
' '..'¦ ' . • Land arsessed fcr
E- ¦/ i2;-j $3LM»; tmproveraenu
w belong- to tenant ;north-
' - a ft. we*t corner of Beale
¦• "• ! E. ar-d Brjent streets.
Ij-.'s ? This rrand corner, con-
¦ • .slstlnj of two EO-vara
• • • . : ! Brj ar.t. lots, has the ETeatest
future of any proi>ertT In San Francisco. Fac-
— |n« the water front. ¦ across the straet from
- the Santa F"e depot, and graded out of solid
• 1^ seldom cfTewd at public or private rale.
¦ . ThVre is a lease on the property expiring Feb-
? ruary 1, 1S12. The rent up to February L ir»f;2.
ie- $200 V*r month, for the next five years $250
'. 'pn T month and for th« balance of the term WOO
ptr- month. £>uriny the life of this lease the
V -value of the property will Increase at lea?t at
¦ the rate of 6 per cent per year, and more likely
».t the rate of 10 per. cent.
.. . ' . ITIjL.MORE. XV. A. BLOCK 208.
• " . _.,._,_- Three 50-vara lots,
• •• \T,:t n:t V:«)X:< r>* aweesed f cr K1.C0O; lm-
• . ~ j ' provements assessed for
S • S S3 e <1S * : the lots f a c! nk-
i g g « |S S Eddy and Webster
' '. ' I . J , streets are most ad-
I i — I ¦ — ¦ vantmgreouKly situated
¦¦;*! 127 :C . j i!7.-« ?. for residence purposes,
. •» u either dwellings or
¦ }„ ,, 7^ ' w:; — « fl»ts. beinj only ten
¦a -. -Jj " 7:f 1=7 - s ¦ minutes' ride frora
• B * Market and Powell
-': •'• ZSft 127:6 • streets, and In th« inv-
" v. . j=. mediate neighborhood
: -¦- — 5TT~ • :¦- . — i of Primary, rrammar
¦-¦* 127 :«• 13/ :6 ar.d h!jrh schools. Th»
.; S • " lnt» facinK Fillmore
i ¦*> 137 e "37* «° etre *t are business
.. ¦ H ' J5 proposition*. <ls the
t ¦ " " I —only two -buslners
rfi « 027:« 137:C » streets In the Wastera
'••. pi.- S Addition are Fii:mor«
¦ I- ¦ ' l^ri — i»7« — « aad Devlsadero. Land
. <? .yZi.l X37-« ¦ trontfn* on Flllmcre
2. Etreet In this location
• ¦ -<» 12T -6 ' 1K<:6 sold 12 years ngn for
.'•"'• £ J2i0 p«r front foot, Jn-
£ — ~ — f±- r— tide lnt£. Keep In m!nd
r; •! I ••• I :that the lots are oxtra
; .;„ . j s !{- L< 1- iwlde. bavins 27:6 front.
.' £ ' ',&. ¦-=* *2 jo and are eBpeclally
•• -"- • { ,'..- | adapted to S-flat dwell-
; ; , .,3*127* g7.-t47^'Z7--c jrT^ r tntM iweniTlx
¦-¦¦ -.WEBSTER. on the northwest cor-
¦ -. • ¦ ¦¦ ner of Bddy and Web-
: . «uv Btreeis;. rentlu* for SM p*r month.
'¦-. •¦ Sl'EAB AND HOWARD STS.
¦;'.:! _ . . Land assessed for
. -.- Howard. $19.2E0; improvements
. ¦ . T~: - sl .e belong to tenant ; eouth-
" l — . '. ' ¦ • 2? went corner of Spear
. I** • . £ % and Howard streets.
' k • - t. * This 1« a piece of prop-
¦¦¦'' n'-t- '¦ erty that has been eair-
L^ : —^i^ erly southt after, and
'the owner* have tlrr.e and tsrain been asked to
' -; put a Brtec on Jt. It ls in the heart of what
U rapidly becotnin* the wholesale district of tha
city. All the large real estate transactions of
th* paist year have b*en In the vicinity, and
the eurroundins property is now rumored to
belost; to tie Santa Fe or Southern Padflc
ctmpanles. Present rental. $SS per month; no
l«*f:e.
.' - Tt-e water rates are Ell paid by the tenants
¦ ¦""¦ w-bere not mentioned. Any further particulars
.' -. oi -'.riformation will be gladly rurnizhed at th»
.o:at« of
. V ': ' •
JP B. P. OLIVEB,
¦ 2£eal Estate Ag-ent and Auction«er,
111 Montrj-ciaery Street. '.THE SAN FRANCISCO \CAlfc, STTJfDAY, P!mCJ_M-*ig_l 2, XBUa
28
;'¦: ¦ MLS FRAJf CISCO CA_U
. • BTJED~™S OFTXCH ef The Ban yrauel«"»
C*O. co— <«• of Market and Third streets; op«n
cntfl 13 o'clock every nlgfct to the year.
: BHAXCH OFFICES— CJ7 Slontgom ery street,
¦cerner Clay; open until 8:89 p. m.*
CM Hares street; open until 9:30 p. m.
O McAllister street; open until » JO p. m .
. ' Cl£ _u_n street; opea until S:SO p. m.
' IMl Mission street ; open until 16 p. m.
. Da Market rt— #t, corner Sixteenth; cpen
cr.tll • p. ra. •
JOt Eleventh street; cpen until S p. m.
.'10WS Valencia rtreet; open until lp.ni
2Cor_— act corner. Twentr-seoood and Ken-
tucky streets; 'open antll 9 p. m.
. . : CHTIICH SERVICES.
B1MPSOW Memorial Methodist Episcopal
•Ctrurch. corner Hiyw acd Buchanan sts.—
¦Rev. John, ttephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. ra.. on "The Sacrifices of Disciple-
' *hlp." At 7:33 p. m. th« monthly musical I
•' pervloe —111 he rendered by a chorus of 30
soloes under the direction of 1. B. Blake. A
¦-.— mt Sn» programme has Wen propared. Seats
¦ire free. Ail are wtlootae.
CENTRaX- Methodist Episcopal Church. Mls-
tian -street near Sixth— Dr. 6. 6. liutsinpil-
ler . will preach at 11 o'clock oa the topic,
•"Jeeus Shewing Heights : of Wisdom and
Deaths of Human Folly." and et J:S3 on the
'. foplc, ¦'"Suririse on a Darkened Soul." Sun-
-.. C&y jschool,: li:ii. Roila V. Watt superintend-
ent; OhriPtl_i Kndoevor at 6:15. Excellent
. mmle; directed by Robert Lloyd. Seats free
and ¦ sJi are welcome.
CKXJRCH cf the Advent (Christian Church)—
• ••The. Prophetic Stg-r.s of the Times." a dis-
course by -the Rev. P. B. Morgr&r.. In the large
hair.'.«orncr Nob aud Seventeenth els.. Sun-
day afternoon at 3 o'clock; seats free.
BT- PAUL'S Church, California st. near Fi'.l-
- more.— Jiev. W. M. Jleilly. rector: Rev. A. C.
Wilson, assistant; licly communion. 7:S3 a.
ra.i.Eun<!ay-»cfcool, S:45 a. ra. ; litany, fermon :
• acd fcolj- communion, 11 a. rn. ; evening prayer
and sermon; 7:30; week-day service daily,
'• I? a. n.
6T. UTKE'8 Bs>!soopal Chnrch, cor. of- Van
X«m ave. and Clay Bt. Iloly communion. S '
t. m. : Morainjs prayer. 11 o'clock. KveningT •
•ervto«, J:46 o'clock. Rev. T. J. Marksy, reo
tfit of All Saiats' Church. Omaha, will
preach both- morning and evening.
C_LV_B.Y : Preebyterian Church, at Young
Mea'e Christian Aesocl&tion building, corner j
Tt'sjnn tz 2 Ellis 6ts.— Rev. John Hemphill ;
D. IX, pastor, will preach tt 11 a. m. and j.
J:SO p. tt. Topic, evening, "A Century's
Growth of O-jt Republic Reviewed from a j •
CSirietiaji Standpoint." Tee sacrament of the j
Lrjrt e trcpp«r will be observed at the close j
of Uw durclcg service. Sabbath school at |
lliC abd Christian Dndeavor meeting at 6:30 j
. p. m. ' Good prayer meeting en Wednesday
•*— HIT* at S o'clock. Strangers cordially in-
Tlfd.; - ' .
TW£T Cosg— sation_ Church, corner Post acd
I'gftan etreet*— Rev. G«orge C. Adams, D. D.,
pastor, will preach at both —rvlces. At 11
flu rr... theme, "Sober-Mlndedness." At 7:30
p. rn., theme, "Religion In Business." All
• — oor&aily invited.
EDOOND Unitarian Church, corner Capp ar.d
street*— Sunday school at 10 a. m. J
Jiercingiservlce, 11 a. m., eertnon by Rev. i
Gtom ->V. Stone. Evening service. ":« p. j
pu. the Kooil.of Mr. Stoae'e series of lee- !
tcr»s oa the. Bible. Music a epeclal feature]
©f xaonUng servico. All seats fre*. :
«I2Y_NTII-DAY Adventlst Church. $1* Laguna
.. rt., feet. McAllister and Golden G*te ave. — |
Prwachiop tills evftlaj? at 7:S0 o'clock by the
pastor. Elder J. O. Corliss ; subject " The
Ocafiltlon of Men Between Death and Resur-
rection as Shown by the Parable of the Rich
llaa and Xazarus." Ail are cordially Invited.
Seats £nee. ¦ ¦
TZRBT. Church of Christ, Scientist. ' Central
block. i23 Sutter. ft. between K*arny st ar.d
Grs.Et ave.- : -Ckristlan Science Bible lessen at
11 a. m. ; .Fubject, ' "God the Preserver of
3£An." Sunday' -echoed for children at the
E&roe hour.' • \v><ln.es>ilay oyednif rne-etJng at
K o'clock. Froe reading ro^m, 2»f Kearny St.,
¦ toomtiy:. All are welcome.
THE: TheosepMeal' Society— Public lecture to-
r.igrht. Odd re-Hows' bunding. ••The Bong of
8<->ng^." by lOss M. A. Walsh. Golden Chain,
- U a. m. ¦
ilEin'IKGS In Gorpel Hall. :c:6 Sixteenth St.,
¦ Lord's <Uy at 3 p. m.. for Christians; at 7:30
pocpel rheetinp. • and continuing every night
during the'wcVk st 7:«5 o'clock. All welcome.
JJVDDHIST Mission. SOT Polk. M.— Services at
¦ 31 a. m.- Farmer Countess <3e Oanavarro, now
.the Budihipt ' r.un. Sister Sanghamitta, will
deliver an address on "Mohavanka." Seats
¦ -free. - - -. .. *- ¦¦,.¦'
HOME cf Truth, practical Christianity. 213
California st.V-Serv!<-«« Sunday morning, 11
¦ t a; grJectog at 7:45 o'clock.
FIRST Mental Pctence Temple meets 11 a. m.. j
<iol<3en Gate H&ll; usual services ; public in-
vited ;. free.
MEETINGS — 5UXDAY.
DR. J. DEFKW KCRGAN •JU iecture this
ev»»riSne c-a '"The Origin r>t LJTe" at Cnstal
Hall, Pythian Castle.' »1» Market i>t., followed
. by • magnificent . viewk of a visit to London.
Free tickets will b* distributed for the X-ray
exhibition at lh» Sanitarium next Tuc-:«day
'. '#venlnff-.'. Seats free- No -collection. '.
AT \\~hitney Hall. 11C4 b'Fa.rrelI. b»t. Frank-
lin and Gongh;- occult .deraor.rtratlons, mes-
/.Fages and questior.s answered i>y Mm. J. J.
: Whltnoy, ,'r..e<lium. 7:i5' p. . m : admission 10
centa: Iillig-i't. car pae»e« door.
A— PR.:RIN*ES' SjplHtua! Society. SOS Market-
It, free; S-S. 10c;- Mrs. Vigears, Harrison, Les-
ter. Kotter, Sealey; all ttsts; December 13,
¦ . scKJjcty viil hold erilertalnment, 9C5 Market.
A— MR. BETXJAMIN FAT : MILLS' popular
free lecture to-nisht- at' Metropolitan Temple.
':« o'clock. Subject, "From Innocence to
Virtue.". Doors c'?«n. 7.
MADAM VAN ANKEN will r* pe>at her lecture
on ""Can We Control the Currents of Our
L'ie?" lo-morrow evening, at 8, ax her home,
«r2 Ellis et.- "
EDWARD EARLE. Pythian Castle. JOS Mar-
ket st; t<vnight lr» his -marvelous demonstra-
tions, ..test?.- messages & questions answered.
AE5TOLD.& DICKSOX. ; returned ; test meet-
ings Sundays. Tuesday: and Thursday*. S p.
m., 10a. Zi McAUifter st. ' : .
K AVJL. EBKRIi ARDT. test meeting to-night
' \<x. 2I5f> Tvi#my-second. cor. 13artlett; Bit- I
tln*r» from 1 to 4. •-.: . .-.
MRS. STODDARDS trury s?artlins tests. 10c;
Tuee.. fhurs . & Sunday, (t p. m. 278 9th; Bit. |
CIRCLE fo-nipht at % fh^rp. ire; readings dalljr.
MME. MARQUISE. 5 Hyde «t.. nr.McAlllster.
C. MATO-STEEPF, trance medium. 112 l i Oak
• *t; road.i.ngs; Jl: phone. Howard litl.
MME. YOUNG'S mnvinclng test circle to-nignt
: *)5Lark4n rt. ; 10c; ft me skeptlcF. ;
Mi:i-:TI%«;S Inlvrrtal Unit lirrhoiid. !
THHOSOPHICAL Society. F19 Market st^ !
Lecture to-r.!ght, "What's In a Dream." by i
A. D. Robinson; International Brotherhood i
!>»&ffue .next Tuesday • night ; fcubject, "The
' Soul r>f Music." ,
"PERSONALITY and Individuality; Consld- j
*>rtvl ArtDlogically." by Mrs. Bell, W'ednes-
<jay. * D. m.. C2S Z^ijy ft.; free.
MEETING AOTICES.
FIDELITY ZsAz*. Xo. 722. I. O. .MOP*,
O. F-— Election of officers TO-^^Sfe^--
MORROW (MONDAY) EVEN- ==^SjP5?
ING. al5o regular monthly nocisU. *VjiiIi^~
WM. U. CURTIS. N. G.
C. F. PHILLIPS. Rec. Sec.
•JIEMBERS of Yorba^Juena Lodge *.-!*2j.>,.
No, IS. I. O. O. K.— The Grcnd
• Master will pay our lr><3^o an Or-
flpial Vlftit TUfLSDAV EVEN- ~^<*!*^ r ~
INO,. December 6. Every member is particu-
larly reQumwl .to be p~npnt All other!
-lodges are. cordially invltf-d to Join us
JOHN A. OLSEX. N. G. Pro Tern.
¦ ¦'¦ T. A. MARTIN;. .R.-c. Kw:.
PARKER LtwljTP Ko. Zi, _IO O ¦r-^iv,-
F v -lnlt!ation TCi'SDAY EVEN-
¦ A.' A.FR1EPLANDER. N. G. ' =5^»^ i *
UNITY Loffe Xo. 121. 1. O. O. F.— <r :Mt
: Ihitiatlon next TUESDAY EVEN- :^S^St??<"
ING.Deccrr.bfr < -^5S*§?
.: " ¦ ¦ -; • J. H. HUDSON, Sec. 'Win^
riONKERS— The, rep-alar: . [ * J^e7X~~^l -
-. rriont-hlj'. refuting of th*
Society ' of ' Califprnia /^Wyiitr!,i^4*t?A
. Pionf>er^ Vj!l i^e held rrt Soi^K^^^x^A^A
. te.n;i».nce is rc<jue«ted.. *^^^ **** m^* ¦*¦ i
e«r bueinifB* of *r>eclail importance will come '
• before -the meetlnz. J. I. PPEAR, Secy, j
tHE Pa*t Master Workmen's Arsocistlon. A
O. V. XV.. "will hold their reenlar M. K A '
¦mwlinir •TO-MORROW < MONDAY) EVEN- !
' ING, iX:. 2, 1&00. at 8 o'clock. In Eastern I
Hall, Kh.Iels building. 32 O'Farrell et. Komi- '
nations for and Hwtton of officers A. O. A/j
' M. «i'.l .take i»!ace en this occasion. Visit- '
• Inp t>«sf mapt«-re Invited to be present. Kra- ¦
-¦terns.ll>- WALTER MALLOY. President.
¦ FRANK J. Mc<iUIRE. i'.ecorder. i
ATTOH.VEVS AT LAW.
A. TT. KING, 927 Market est.. 6th floor, room 6S7 )
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy, ;
collections; all cases; fair fees; no advance |
charge?; loans on ettat**. Tel. Howard 1SS7. !
•ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee • without eucces«: collections. G. \V. I
HOWE, atty at law, 650 Market, cor. Stockton, j
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and j
Market rtt.; phone Red C26J. j
ADVICE free; no rharre unless successful. W. ]
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market «t. opp. Mason. ]
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckals bldg.. 817 Mar- i
ket at; cotssultatloa tree; bo fees la advance. |
AGEXTS .— /AJTTED.
RELIABLE) agents in trrerr part of the United
States for "The Woman Beautiful," a valu-
able book Indorsed by the highest authorities
in this country and Europe. Treats of beauty
and health and how to attain both. Contains
600 excellent recipes- Is an encyclopedia of
Information— haa never been canvassed. Ex-
clusive territory to trustworthy women who
can furnish references. Liberal oommlcslon.
Write at ence for particulars. BRENTANO'8.
81 Union Square, New York City. •
AGENTS can make money everywhere with our
latest view clot machines and stereoscopic
views- we sell or rent Th« LEO CANDA
CO.. Cincinnati. Ohio. -
AG HINTS — General: best mall order article ever
produced; 190 to 250 per cent profit. LETDEN
Chemical Co., Ill Broadway. New York.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and earler to eell than books or lnsur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 411, Porrott bldg.
J20O TO $500 per month: men or women; ealary
or oomm'.sslcn. 3*7 Market st.. room 615.
ASPHALTIJI ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, aiphair roofing, side walks — -
paired; postal. I1SC Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOUPEY TAYI^R^^clenTlrlc^stroic^
cer—Fr'-e copy "The New Moon." 76S Market.
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara. PerrecTloTanToSeTsTwT
S. BROWN CO., agency. 426 Ellis tt.. S. F.
JBOAKUIAG FOH CHILDKEN.
A LADY with a pleasant home in Santa Rosa,
wouid like 4 boys to board and go to school*
a good home; best of refs. Box 428. Call.
NURSE, having sunny cottage, Berkeley, wish-
es Infanta and children to board. Box 551. Call.
BtSl>E!SS CHAAC_3.
a— DELICACY store: business location: call at
once. COWING & CO., 719 Market Bt.
A— BRANCH bakery, home kitchen, notions
cigar*; bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A— RESTAURANT; heart city; money-maker-
corae quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st
A FIXE corner grocery; best location; come at
once. COWINU & CO.. 719 Market st.
A PLUMBING shop; good location; come at
once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— PARTNER wanted in good hotel. COWING
& CO.. 718 Market St.
A— GROCERY; best bargain ever offered; J1T5
takes It COWINQ & CO.. 719 Market tt
A 5gw^ X i C^rV/Sarfcet '.?.*» *^~^-
IT >"?u nave anything to sell or exchange see
E. J. LUNDIN. 935 Market st.
WISE people are still buying oil stock at 25c
per ehare; $c per share down and 2c i>er chare
LUNDIN, ***"' tefU * J "
WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
etcre and basement with fixtures suitable for
Sf^cerTbuslnese : special Inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
liARGAIN-Bakery and branch; store trade of
6 barrels a day; J1JC0. Apply at once to Mc-
LALGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st
J70C — ri Int. in plumber business, established 10
years; eplendld opportunity ror a mechanic;
sickness cause of sale. Lane & Co.. SC3 Mrkt
A— LIVERY stable; established nearly 10 yearsT
located where ite patronage is of the best,
both in letting and boarders: paying now a.
handsome net Income; tun-aer, hacks, car-
riages and harness are first class. Fof par-
ticulars call or address M. F. THOMPSON
room 310, Safe Deposit buiMlng.
S2DC0 BY right party will purchase one-third ln-
ter*!?t in an established business clearing ot
preeont about $:,1<j per month, with salaried
,^>osition of $100 per month to office man; must
f. furnish best of reference; business steadily in-
c Teasing. Box £64. Call office.
A — COAL, hay and praln business, established
over 15 years-: one of the t>est locations in
the city; paying now over $7 per day above
ell expenses. For particulars call or address
M. F. THOMPSON, rm. 310. Safe Deport big.
A-GEXL'IXE BARGAIN In a fine cash paying
grocery and bar business, with 12 nicely fur-
nished dwelling rooms included; good busi-
ness location; rent only |40; given away for
_only J750. M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — A business man with flrst-claas
qualifications as neoretary of mercantile cor-
j.oratSon: must have $2000 to invest; perma-
r.eni position; ?10\l i>er tnonth. Address box
H. H. B. a. Call office, Oakland. Cal.
HALF interest In a good-paying office bu&lness;
<-ma!l amount cash and balance to be paid out
of the business to right party; good for lady
or gentleman. Call at SU6 Market St., room
49. between 7 and 8 p. m.
FOU eale— Harpaln: saloon doing business, with
living rooms; Jot 2i'xl37:6; ZiSt Mission st.
Call and K>?e owner saloon north corner Sev-
enth and Bryant eta.
WANTED— 2 saber ycung men with small capi-
tal to take charge of oyster house, hot lunch
and bar; transfer corner. 2>s01 Folsom st.
WELI^EQUIPPED plating plant doing Bj.len-
did business, $»'»: worth $1500; sickness com-
pels quick sale. Box 498, Call office.
>— WHOL?:SALE liquor business; long estab-
lished; making money; no agents. Inquire H.
. L. P.EA. 403 Washington 6 t.. S. F.
WANTED— Small business, stationery, etc.;
good neighborhood; not above ?125 cash. Box
r&l. Call office,
A— BAP.flAIN- Hotel dining room, 13 boarders:
axjeount sickness; no rent. Box 2053, Call of-
fice. Oakland.
A FEW thoroughbred white Plymouth Rocks;
choice i Hinds strain). 414J Telegraph ave.,
Oakland.
WANTED — Part email, nrat store; good neigh-
borhood ;- wl th cr without shelving. Box 550,
Call office.
$5C0— STATIONERY store; clean stock and fix-
tures; good location. Address box 552, Call.
PARTY will buy delicatessen or. branch bakery
or rent fultabie premises. Box 594, Call office.
RESTAURANT; good paying place: cheap
rent; full Investigation allowed.- 369 Hayes.
BEST route in Oakland on the Examiner. Ad-
dr«-s 4%9 Twenty-fourth ?t. H. J. LYNG.
PARTNER wanted; grocery business; $100 or
$500. Address box ii&t, Call office.
FINE chance, for shoemaker; old stand to let
cheap. 3261 Twenty-fourth st.
FAMILY Jersey cov.\ 10 dozen handsome pul-
lets. ."CS Pmnsylvanla.avc.
CIGAIt stand for sa!e; good location; a bar-
gain. Box C37. Call office.
SALOON at half Us value to-day; good busi-
ness. ZOaj^ost st. ,
PARTNER In dressmaking; good business. Box
477. Call office.
CALL to-day at THE DONALD McRAE FUR-
J NITURE CO., SS7 Mission Bt. : some good prop-
' ositlons in rooming-houses and restaurants.
FOR Kale— On exceptional terms, a complete
printing plant, suitable for printing a seven
double-column paper; plenty of type and other
accessories. For further particular* address
M. F. WALSH, Castroville, Cal.
CHEMIST of wide experience In manufactur-
ing will furnish Instructions for making
anything desired. Chemist, box 646, Call.
A LONG established saloon In wholesale dis-
trict for sale cheap. Address box 643, Call.
FOR SALE — Grocery and bar on account of
death. 423 Third »t., corner Perry.
GROCERY end bar; S living rooms; very
cheap. 6* Rausch st, near Eighth.
PATER routes in country town for sale. Box
524, Call.
J375— WHITE FRONT saloon: no agent; call
end see. 539 Vi'ashlnEton tt., nr. Montjrom«ry.
GROCERY and bar; good business; selling ac-
count sickness. 1111 Howard St.. cor. Langtcn.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!!
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Cali advertisements and
Fubfccrlptlons has been established at 10M
Valencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, SI per year.
LOUGISG-UOISES FOR. SALE.
MONEY loaned on lode'lng-houses, 1H P- c:
anything you want in lodging-houses; s'mpls;
S7 rooms on Powell Bt; rent S175; price.. $1900
15 rooms on Geary st; rent $65: price 10M
ir, rooms on O'Farrell St.; r»-nt $65; price.. 750
20 rooms on Mission St.; rent $60; price.. 1100
16 rooms on Howard St.; rent $25; price.. 7E0
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLKY. 916 Market st. ; phone black C215.
A— 22-ROOM house; central $1000
20-room house; first-class 1G30
11-room house; $475:.C-room flat S25
20-room house; Eddy; rent $75! only 900
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st.
SNAP — 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo.;
only tun. FISHEK & CO.. 1032 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Good-
paying houses; sizes, prices and locations to
meet >x>ur desires; honest value guaranteed;
money loaned buyers; titles searched by a
resular searcher: your Interests protected. All
this ar.d many choice Investments you will
find at SCHWEINHARD. Real Estate Office
rooms 1-2. No. t!7 Market st
IS.. GRIFFIN. 71» Market 6t.. room I— Free list
New Largslns every day; good paying houses.
Over MO; all sizes and prices; terms easy.'
FOR eale — The finely furnished rooming-house.
4M Fifth at, very cheap.-
CARRIAGES AND WAOOMS. K
COLUMBUB BUGGY CO . clearance sale;' low
wheel, rubber tiro, road wagon, > JSO; other
styles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmai presents. Markt nr. 8th., opp. St Nlch,
FOR sale — Che&pi fine Caffrey brougham, near-
ly new, with new rubber tlrea and patent
French brake. Inquire St Lawrenoa Stable,
423 Post et
ALL kinds of wagons, bug-glen, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. KGAJf & BOS. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, . single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap.; 583 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagrons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work A driving horses. Hth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world^nowned "spirit^
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eVi;
come and be oonvlnced. Permanently located
BIS Eddy tt. b«t. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all dlteases at otfloe or by letter;
sittings. H. 1164 O'Farrell st.; take Ellis car.
MRS. GILSON, 614 'Jessie, nr. 7th— Circles Tueg.,
Thors.. Sun.. 8 p, m.; sit daily. II; up3talrs .
MRS. LEISTER, 1035 Market, room 1— Circle to-
nlght. 10c; developing circle Wednesday eve'
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 112H Oak
et.; readings. $1; hours, » a. m. to 4 p. m.
EX>"W. EARLE, elate writer, removed 300 Ellis.
cor. Taylor; Sunday night, Pythian Castle-.
j MME. MAJORS, gifted Bpirltual *medlum.
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st. ¦_
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS^ materializing
seanoe. Sunday eve. 123 Powell at; 60c.
MRS. DR. WEST returned; trance medium and
magnetic healer. 908 Market St., room 22.
j "CONSULT Watson." 15S1 Mkt. et., nr. nth;
medium, clairvoyant, psychic, palm. ; 60c, $1.
MRS. HARRISON— Medium, test, readings; see
her clr. Tucs. Thurs.. Sun. 858 Mitslon st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3S5 McAllister— Mre. C. J.
Meyer. sittlrtf?£: convincing tests to-n!uht: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
I ISMAR, THE GTPSY.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncurtained years ahead; happiness and suc-
I cess go hand in hand, yet hundreds fall where
; success Is oosslble were It not for a lack of
j foresight into the future. If you are In trouble
': of any kind, discontented, unhappy or not sat-
isfied In life, consult ISMAR, lor she 1* a
I prophetess of world-wide fame, and her name
i lias become a proverb in thousands cf homes
j made happy bv her aid and advice. ISMAR
I can be consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m..
j Sundays by appointment only, at her office, 1U8
Market st, opp. Sixth. Full life reading by
mall, to. See my display &d. on page 15.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL.
; Z1S KEARNY ST.. ROOMS S-10.
j Late of Los Angeles.
! Mrs. Duval is a natural born clairvoyant and
! business medium. She tellb* your past, present
and future life, diagnoses diseases, cures deaf-
ness, etc. If there are obstacles In the path of
J your life she can tell you bow to overcome them
and how to avoid them.
Mrs. Duval has practiced successfully in Los
Angeles for the past nine years for all the prin-
cipal business i>eonle,' as well as those In the
| highest sociaty, and still has patrons there, to
[ whom the Will continue to give her valuable
, advice.
l , i
! MRS. SEBARD— She is a seventh daughter,
horn with a veil; explains everything, past
¦ and future; gives advice In Inheritance, love
: affairs; tells how to recover lost valuables,
i hidden moneys or gold; cures kidney diseases,
j lung troubles, piles, sexual weakness, ln-
! flammatlon. rheumatism, dropsy and irregular
• and painful i>erio<iF of ladles. Her mother
! was also a seventh daughter: she assisted
! 1 'resident Lincoln (luring the civil war. Ad-
dress 1423H Mission st, San Francisco, Cal.
By mail, $1. From 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
j medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
i Uet St.. corner of Golden Gate ave., room 25
' ar.fi 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamph-
[ let with special terms.
! MME. PORTER, wonderf-il clairvoyant & card
| reader, born with double \eil — second sight;
. diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
i gents Jl: palm, and clalr. sit. II 50. 1"8 Turk.
1 MRS. E. SANDERS. 614 Taylor st, near Geary
{ — Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
} ladles' circle Thurs., 2 p. m. ; Fri., 8; clr. 25c.
j MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
} given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
i anteed; 23c up. 17 Third Rt. next Examiner.
! .
: I9MAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
| palmist, permanently located 1148 Market. opp.
! 6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
j REMOVED— The great Inspirational card read-
er; price 2.">c and COc: hours 10 a. m. till 9 p.
j m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 22S Fulton st
! MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past.
j present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth St.. room 14.
; MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
i !«t ond card reader, 25c. 7 Seventh st.
i MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, m«-
( dium;25c up. £23 Mission st., nr. 4th; ring boll.
| MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
! ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German epoken.
i GYPSY; genuine clairvoyant; located 10 days 114
¦ Turk st.; ladles, 50c; gents, Jl. "Frawley."
i MME. RUTH wonderful card clairvoyant, has
j returned; fee 25c nnd 00c. 7C8 Ellis st.
! MME. BCHAFFER; clairvoyant, card reader,
> sittings dally. 44S'4 Jessie st.
i MRS. K. M. HTJVAL. clairvoyant and business
j medium. 215 Kearny st., rooms 8-10. •
I MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmlrtry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1119 Mission.
! MME. RAVENNA read* life fluently; business
j advice; r-.ampK *1ven: 2Kc up. 5 Fourth st.
j CAHPET HEATIXG AND OI.BAMX;.'
I WHEN you become di?gustrd with poor work
I send to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
! ing Works, 333-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
| STANDARD, 313 Guerrero— CurtPlns ami blau-
; Uets renovated, 23c per pair; carpets clean(yl.
| 3c yd. ; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
! CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c,
j STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 94J.
j J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
| vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
j CITY- Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
i ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st;
1 tel Main C?4. GEO. WAI.COM. proprietor.
j COTfKX.XS'.C Cnrprt- Boat ing Works, S33 ''.olden
rente »v<-.: t«>|or'VioT«» rrn°t 1?fi.
: chiuopodists.
| BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
j painless; conKUl'n free. I>r. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
j . COLLECTION OFFICE!*.
! GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency-No'chargTun^
j less successful. Room S10. 927 Market st.
: COTTAGISS TO LET.
I COTTAGE, 3 sunny rooms; new paper; $6. In-
j quire 913 Capp st. . ••» ,
I FOLSOM, 2226— Cottage, 7 rooms and bath;
large yard.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3833-Cottage, 3 rooms;
| large yard; rent $S.
j * — — — __j *
i $6— SUNNY cottase: 5 rooms; Roscoe St., off
| Crescent ave. Apply 64 Silver St., off Third.
! «12— 9 FERINE St.; 2-story hnuse! 5 sunny
] rooms and yard. Apply at 252G California. •
DENTISTS.
A^ r U^"EL"E^fTtb"-15ENT^L^lIl"NlcTTo9''Marl
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teetii
without plates our specialty; gold crowns
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50\ix>- of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundavs 9 to ¦'
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON.M.D.. Manager!
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret rainless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'FarreU A?
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl
warranted for 20 years: crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c
crowns, $2 CO; plates, full set, y,; all work
• painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLOR3. 24 Sixth St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made, old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, SOc; gas given.
I "MAIN Office 1 ' New York Dental Parlors. ,1019
Market et.. bet Sixth and Seventh; consult
! ua on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain..'. „
DR. Ji. L. Slmpsnn. 1206 Market Bt; expert ex-
tractor; crown & bridge work. 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.
TARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Fpll get of teeth. $4; crowns. J3; fillings. £5c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evening* and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
B yVng^v; pXr pute - DR - H - G -
LOWEST, prices In S. F.; painless extraction.
Mr.. New York DentfstB. 963 Mission, cor, fith.
v _ iw DEPILATOR V.^/
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for - permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Ch«in. Co.. ag'cy, 42« Ellis.
DRESSMAKERS AMD 8~AM8T__»8Ba
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School j
patterns cut; evening class. 10U Market at.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post over O'Connor AMoffatt
DRE6BMAKJNG; reasonable irlees; dresses
mad* over; perfect fit. «87 Geary st
: . www ;-/ EDUCATIONAL.
MONSIEUR and Madame de Loery, from Paris,
have opened a studio at 742 O'FarreU at. foe
voice placing, correct breathing, tone produc-
tion, artlstlo singing, Italian method, solo-
ists and duet lets for concerts and church,
oratorio, opera: alao parlor entertainers.
QALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
v _JF h '5« eXD «« cour t reporter; teacher of
•oorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course, jSO; catalogue.
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
B - F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, Ian*
rua f*«' telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
«anfl eight sessions; new SO- page catalogue free.
A— MADFJMOISELLffi HELEN CLARKB, pupil
of Genevieve'Btebbins and Herr Bandman,
coaches pupils . for the sta^e, teaches Del-
Barte and society training. 4C8 Golden Gate
avenue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business Collese. 723 Market St.; day
and evening; individual Instruction. $3 per
month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogua free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr. rtO Parrot bldg..
he would net: be wise. „ ¦ . - ¦
MIPS M. O. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lensong by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, besr system. 802 Montgy.
ALL, students but two taking- full course thlj
year got petitions. 8AN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NF.SS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mining.mech.,«ur-
• vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: dav. eve.; est. 1S44.
. VAN r>KR XAILLKN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
PIANO; history of music: German; French; $5
per month. Y. M. C. A. bldg.. fifth floor.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. TyDlng. Bookkecp-
Ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MAN6FIELD, music studio,-
violin, guitar, mandolin, bunjo. 1836 Eddy st
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'R DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine gt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
ft"., rltiv rr »ve. • fS mo. 1024 Mlf«Inn. nr. €th.
! . ==
EMrLOYMETET OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Cblnene employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Pc3t st. near Powell; telephone' nush 1S3.
JAPANESE responsible houiecleffnlng co. ; est
1S70: practical recommend; try them; removed
to 415 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
JAPANESE nnd Chinese employment office;
best help. C2S O'Farrell st; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main B188.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 876.
j ORPHEITM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
r.e«e help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
CHINE5K and .Tapnnene Kmploym<-nt Office —
Best help. 411'4 O'Farrell vt : tel. East 428.
E3IPLO Y.MIS.Vr WANTED — FEMALE.
1OUNQ lady, thorough mUFidan. wishes a
situation in a refined family to give daily
piano instruction for room and board; o$rns
piano. Box 451, Call office.
A WELL educated young lady- desires position
as bookkeeper, stenographer and typewriter:
many years' experience; Is a fine penman:
quick and accurate at figures; first-class ref-
erences. Box 078, Call office.
GERMAN woman, lately from the East, wishes
. position as working housekeeper ; very fond
of children; can take full charge of an In-
fant; city or country. Box 23, branch Call
office, 106 Eleventh Bt. •
DRESSMAKER, with first-class city reference,
desires few engagements at $1 25 a day; suits
t* 50. AddreFS K., box 5C2. Call ofllce.
A YOUNG American woman with good city
reference desires work by the day washing,
ironing and house-cleaning; good work;
prices reasonable. Eox 5. r >9, Call office.
RELIABLE, experienced young American wo-
man wishes to assist a woman on a ranch or
would rent small chicken ranch; references.
Box 5S3, Call office.
RELIABLE American lady wishes a position;
light housework and cooking; waftes »20. Ap-
ply S239 Sixteenth St., near Dolores.
STRONG American we man \vantn work by the
day; washing, Ironing, house-cleaning; - refer-
ences If required. Box F.47, Call office.-'
SITUATION wanted by a girl J8 years old to
do general housework' and plain cooking.
Call or addre83 112 Fourteenth st
GERMAN girl wants situation at general
housework in Oakland. Apply 660 Grove St..
Oakland. /
RESPECTABLE girl wishes to do chamber-
work. Call 115 Hayes St., rm. J, after 9 a. m.
SEAMSTRESS wishes a place where she can
work in exchange for her room rent. Cali 215
Polk Et., re-ar house. • • *
SITUATION wanted as first-class cook in prl-
vate boarding-house or family; a good pastry
cook. Apply lie Union Square ave.
YOUNG lady, French teacher, will exchange
lessons for board; references exchanged.
Box 574. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced nurse;
• would like to take charge of Invalid or oth-
erwise afflicted patient; best references. Box
573, Call office.
LADY will give mornings and evenings for
room and board; sew or assist housekeeping.
j Box S91, Call office.
COMPETENT nurse and nursery governess,
kindergarten, German, desires care of child;
litrht upstairs work. Box 584, Call office.
WANTED— Work by the day washing. Ironing,
cleaning, etc., by German-American woman.
67 Rausch St., 2d flpor, between Seventh and
Eighth. .
WANTED— By young lady, position as house-
keeper or light chamber work. Address 10O7V4
Market st, room 14, second floor.
COMPETENT nurse wishes pofiltton: good In
confinement; doctor's references. Address
110H Fell st.. city.
STRONG woman wants work by the day;
washing, cleaning, etc. ; wages Jl. Apply ii2
Clara st.. rear.
COMPETENT German woman wishes a situa^
tion ns working housekeeper or cooking; city
cr country; no triflera. Box 582, Call office.
WOMAN wishes a psltlon to do general house-
work: lately from East; wages $25 per month
Hox 5S1. Call office.
A WOMAN wants housework by the day;
cleaning. "235 Twenty-ninth st
SITUATION wanted by an experienced Infant
nurse: reference; wages S30. Box 572. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wbhes position to do
day work. 322 Fremont st
YOUNG woman warts position to do light
housework. Address box D93, Call office.
GOOD cook, references, wants a position. Ad-
dress box 577. Call office. . ?
A GIRL wishes a situation at laundry work
and upstairs work. 22Q7V4 Pine st.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day: washing or
houye cleaning; $1 and carfare. 157 Fourth st.
NURSE would like a few moro engagements.
Pl«?ane call a.t 605 Webster st.
GOOD honest young woman wishes washing at
her home of flannels and silk wear; best of
references. Box 601. Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as
. housekeeper In small family: good cook and
nurse. Box 2054, Call office, Oakland. ¦
WIDOW wishes employment as saleslady, com-
panion to an invalid, or any similar work;
best of references. . Address P. O. box 145,
Oakland. . ¦ - .
LAUNDRESS wants family washing to do at
home. Call 511 McAllister st.
YOUNG lady, bookkeeper, stenographer' and
tyj>ewrlter, wants position; office experience;
.reference. Box ; 544, Call office.
AS nurse to surgeon or physician, by a lady
with 6 years' experience in European hospi-
tals; highest credentials. A. . V., Windsor
Hotel. ,-¦ -• ¦ S . :.¦¦'.-
WANTED by a young American lady, a posi-
tion as housekeeper: references given and re-
quired. • Box 430, Call office.
A LADY desires position as housekeeper. Call
at 326 Larkln Bt. : :\-V . .. ¦ -
SITUATION as housekeeper. Call or address
MRS. S. CLARK.\32. Fourth ' Bt., room 2.
PERFECT, fitter. In tailor and r evening suits
, wants engagements; $1 25 per day. - 244 Taylor.
AMERICAN woman '.wishes situation as work-
- Ing housekeeper; ' light work; . small wages;
good . home. MRS. M. LISTON. Station M,
Richmond District. . ¦ .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to tt 60 night Jl M to $0
week; -convenient and respectable; f res. 'bus
and baggage .to and from • ferry. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
mibacrfptions 'has been established at 1098
? Valencia MX. . . ;
EMPLOYMBST WAHTEP MlliWi
TOTOa m_ well posted ra maohlnery bosi-
Bes*. has . traveled extensively as salesman,
Wants any - kind of -. works can handle cor-
respondence on type— rltor without dictation J
U well t posted on general bustne— methods
ajJd ua wilting to work for lust what I am
wwth} food habits sod rood appearance.
Address box frtf, CaU offloe.
COUNTRY newspaper man and thoroughly
• Competent all-round Job compositor and press-
man wants situation, olty or country j fore-
man's experience; references. Address J, YV.,'
—87 Paclflo ave. ¦¦•¦¦' ¦
QUALIFIED bookkeeper wishes * clerical posi-
tion; Is familiar with general office workj
firct-claae references. Box MS, Call office.
GENTLEMAN'S nurse, strong 1 , hcftlthy, man/
years experience, want* employment: city or
country; will travel with patient; good ref-
wenoea. Bo« S6t, Call office. _^
YOUNG man with college education would like
position in an of flea; previous experience Id
railroad office; also has some knowledge of
stenography; .first-class' references. Box 663,
Call office. ¦
AS nurse or attendant to Invalid gentleman by
experienced German with best references;
would make himself useful. OTTO HARMAN,
474 Jeasle «t
HJOAJjyg Business College graduate wants
position as bookkeeper, assistant bookkeeper
Or clerk; wages moderate. Box 667, Call.
STEADY, sober willing man, experienced care
of horses and cows and driving, wants situ-
ation; fair wages; references. ¦ Address Ad-
vertiser. Hi Third st/room 81
SCOTCHMAN, experienced bookkeeper and
salesman wishes situation; city or country.
Box &6h. Call office.
AN experienced accountant and bookkeeper
wishes work at moderate pay; good oorres-
pondent and typewriter. Box 670. Call office.
SITUATION by coachman: first-class gardener
and driver; sober, reliable, trustworthy: city
¦ or country; beat reference*. Box 542, Call.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wants ponl-
tlon; refs.; used, to office work. Box 671. Call.
RELIABLE watchman wants Job; day or
night; good city references. Box 686. Call.
A POSITION wanted at night watchman or
work in wholesale house. Address box 588.
Call office. ¦
BY assistant broiler from first-class hotel, work
In restaurant or hotel with opportunity to
learn the ' other branches. J. LLOYD, 1C8
Eighth st
ENGINEERS— Touns man with 2 years' ex-
perience with Ball engines (one year as a»-
Blstant, one year on gas engine and last year
tending dynamos) wants position. Box 5S5,
Call office.
WANTED— Situation as hotel clerk In small
hotel by sober Industrious man; city and
country. Box B7B, Call office.
NEAT middle-aged man will do Indoor work
In'exchange for furnished room or pay. Box
576. Call office.
YOUNG man desires position as bookkeeper or
assistant; references. Box 683. Call office.
FJRST-CLASS cook wants position; hotel or
,*. restaurant: first-class city reterence. Address
PETERSON. 615 Larkln Bt,
YOUNG colored man would like a position as
cook; can give reference. G. W. P., Golden
Eagle Hotel, room 10, Sixteenth et. Oakland.
TEMPERATE young man wants situation to
1 do chores mornings and evenings for board.
Hex E3S. Call offlce. ;
EXPERIENCED cigar clerk desires situation,
either In retail or wholesale house; can fur-
nish flret-class references.' Box 538, Call.
ERIOHT young man wishes chance to learn
saloon business; references. Box 541, Call.
WANTED— Position by an experienced en-
glneer and planing mill rnan. Box 537. Call.
BAIIBER. 25 years old and 12 years' of expe-
rience In Europe and America, would like
steady work In city or country; prefer union
_shop. A. BIONDI, 630 Vallejo at. S. F.
j COOK with long experience and best references
wants situation In lunch-house or restaurant
where Is no Sunday work. Address 571B
Minna st.
BY an Englishman, a position as janitor or
housecleaner: 15 years' experience. 107 Berry
St., near Third.
j A YOUNG stationary engineer wishes employ-
j ment; strictly temperate. J. W., 140 Seventh.
j SITUATION wanted by a first-class dairyman
! on a private place as milker and to make
I butter: can furnish references. Addre*s box
615. Call office.
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, S23 Mont-
gomery Bt
CARPENTER and cabinet-maker: single man;
looks for Bteady position; Pullman P. Car Co
ref. Adr. II. G., 8an Rafael, P. O. box 377.
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements arid
nibscrlptlons has been fvtabllshed at 1596
Valencia st.
j CLASSIFIED advertisement"! and subscriptions
i recelv».j at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmnre st.
i ¦ ——-———-——
KXl'ERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; EDectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. ManafiFe. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
j KLA.TS TO LET.
j 100 HOUSES AND FLATS TO RENT. SPECK
& CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
1308 Golden Gate, u. U913 Devlsadero, u.
f., 8 r $30 f., 7 r ..$21
I 1319 O'Farrell, l.f.,*r.$3S 1408 Pacific, u f., 5r.$lfi
i 15C0 Fell. u. f., S r..$35ll«y6 Pas;e, u. f., 3 r..$l.".
i 192 Tremont ave., u.' S31 Kddy, m. f., 4 r.J2O
, f., 7 r. ...' I2S
Flats wanted to rent; guarantee 5 days.
j BARGAIN— $16; sunny 6 rooms just renovated;
I bath, dresser. 1312 Green st, near Polk.
I ELEGANT flat. 6'rooms anil bath; portly fur-
: nished. 12C6 Golden Gate ave.
| FLATS of 4 rooms; $12, $13, $14. 20 and 22 Surn-
ner Bt, off Howard, near Eighth.
IF you want to move pet printed Uet flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no children.
SUNNY flat B rooms; thoroughly renovated.
Corner Nineteenth and Hartford sts., between
Castro and Noe.
THREE sunny rooms to let at 343 Tehama
| street.
j TO let— Flat of 4 rooms and bath; rent $14.
j 131 San Carlos ave.
j 5 SUNNY roon.s; cellar; yard. 126% Fern ave.,
j off Polk st, between Sutter and Bush.
I $7 — FLAT of 3 rooms and yard on Linden ave.
Apply 624 Fell »t., near Lajruna.
?7 — 4-ROOM fiats on Victor St., off Bryant, bet.
7th. und Sth, Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant.
j" $12 50— MODERN 3-room flat with bath. 123
j Ash ave., between Polk, Van: Ness. McAllls-
j ter and Fulton.
I $13— FLAT of 5 rooms. 549 Stevenson St., oppo-
site New Poatofflce. •
$25— BAY-WINDOW: newly renovated; modern;
7-nxim: bath. 16?5 Clay tt., nt-ar Polk.
FUR.NITUllB KOK SALE.
NEW sunny upper flat, 'seven rooms and bath,
to let; rent $32 50: elegant new furniture, car-
pets, curtains, etc. therein for sale: owner
KOlng Kant. Apply -434 Frederick St., near
Cole, between 3 and 5 p. m.
FOR fiale— Newly furnished flat of 6 rooms.
Apply 637H Natoma Bt. .
~ROOMS furninhed In oak"$4S50. with No. 7
rantre. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KLKNITUUU WAXTEU,
NEW and second-hand furniture and clothing
bought and sold. 1182 Mission St.. near 8th.
CHA8. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPEKT. 77J Mission at, pays highest
. price for second -hand furniture; tel. Red 13S4.
Auctlonee^L. Vincent 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. , Red 3353.
HELP WAKTED-FEMALE.
CVR. HANSEN & CO... ...PHONE GRANT 1S3
.....; HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Head- waitress, $30; head waitress, south, $30
¦ fare • paid ; head - waitress, city, $25 and •¦ In-
crease; waitress. Sacramento, $23; waitress,
Banta Monica, $20, free fare; waitress, Be-
nlcia, $20;. waitress, Petaluma, S20; waitress,
first-class new hotel, country, $20; chamber-
maid, $20;- 2 chambermaids. $1S; "restaurant
waitress, $6; lunch waitress, $4 50, no Sunday
work; dinner .waitress, $10; woman cook'
country. $3o; woman cook, city, $33.
.......... FAMILY 'DEPARTMENT- ......
. Swedish housekeeper, Nevada, ?20; houseElrf
Antloch (no children), $20; housepirl, Oakland'
'nice- place, : $20, $25; middle-aged woman,
housework, north, $20, fare.' paid; housegirl,
" Visalla. $20, pee party here; many others
: C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 NEAT young Rlrls for candy factory, $4 week
to begin. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— 2 waitresses. 10 housework : girls, 4
housekeepers 1 Italian housework girl, coun-
try. . Plaza Employment Office, 826 I et.. Sac-
ramento, -Cal. : . / i
I'OUNG.glrl or woman to assist in general
housework and plain cooking; family of 3
, adults; good home to right person;. «M>. ¦ Box
680. Calf office. %
WANTED— Immediately, to qualify for vacancy
by January L : sharp • business • woman; ; stats
age, experience and ' former employers. ' Box
•888,-Call office.";- ¦ .- ¦=--• •
;>.;' BJECXO 1 WAJtTED — FEjIALEL
OPEBATOCia oa tilrtSJ best P»T. BRENNER,
ULMAJN CO., 19 Battery st
WAJMTED—ExpeTlenced bands on ladles*, silk
and wooIeiPJealsts. a F, M&. Ca. 4O3JL
Turk «t ¦
CURL, for general housework and cooking; » In
family. MR3. QAULLIB. 2301 Jackson st.
OPERATORS and flnlshers on gents' white
ehlrts; steady employment, 835 Valencia st
FINISHERS wanted on pants; good salary. J.
KIRSHBATTM. 4ff! Stevenson st, between
Fifth and Stith. *
GIRLS wanted to work. Call Philadelphia,
Manufacturing* Company, 433 Seventh st
GIRL wanted for general housework. 838
O'FarreU et ¦ *
OPERATORS on ladlwr" wear to work In fao-
tory. 723 Market tt.. room tS.
"R'ANTED-A first-class finisher on custom
pants; steady work. 411 H K«— x»y st
OPERATORS onjhlrt waists and children's
wear. BAUER BROa CO., SI fiansoroe st.
FINISHERS on vests; steady work: good pay.
BELABCO A HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
"WANTED— A young, respectable lady as work-
Ing- housekeeper fn a small family; will be
treated as a member of family; references.
Box 599. Call office,
WANTED— A lady as companion and assist In
housework; a good home and fair pay for the
right party. Call after 2 p. m. at U6 Taylor.
PATTERNS! PATTERNS!! PATTERNS!!! \
At the McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School; all late patterns cut to order; satis-
faction guaranteed; subscription free to our
handsome Fashion Journal to all entering be-
fore Dec. 15; millinery course thorough and
practical: trimming a specialty; evening class.
McDOWELL. lOlS Market Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to travel and appoint
agents; also 1 for branch office manager ; $1000
yearly; permanent; promotion. General Man-
ager. 602 Star building, Chicago.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to riarht par-
ty. F. FERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
¦WANTED— Operators on ladies' wrappers and
waists to work In factory: also take work
home; good pay; steady work. MARKS
¦ UROS.. 1218 Market st.
WANTED— Girls for bindery who understand
folding or sewing. THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
23 First st.
LADY barber for Wednesday and Saturday.
757A Howard St.
GIRLS for housework; good pay. Pacific Em-
ployment Agency, i Geary: ph. Black 87H».
EXPERIENCED bookfolders «nd apprentices
wanted. Bookblndery. H» Clay st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertliemerts and
subscriptions has been established at 1C$( \
Valencia st. I
BELP WAMEO-IIALE. j
A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main CS1S
..Leading Labor and Employment Agents.. 1
WANT MONDAY. 7 A. M I
72 laborers and teamsters, city and country
Jobs, S2 and SI 75 day, S3O, $26 and found.
call early
16 ranch hands ?28 and $20 and found |
3 farmers and wives $40 and found
Stablemen, gardeners, choremen and boys....
Carriage painter Wasonmaker j
Concrete flnlsher (3 day and found !
Helper for concrete engineer, laborer, $2 day j
Steam uhove] man for dredge
Bookkeeper for ranch $30 and found
Stenographer: pruners: butchers
..HOTEL, AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS..
9 cooks. $30 to $63 4 waiters, $30 and found
Bakers, $16 week Laundrymen
Dishwashers delicacy man, $45 and found
Cook and wife, $45 and found
No women there; easy, good Job
Ticmakers and Woodchoppers
3C4 men to cut ties and cord wood, $3, $2.
$1 SO, $1 and SOc cord, 13c, 12c, lOo each; some
tools and food found and fare paid
Now to Oregon. See boss here.
6 coal mlrfters: engineer
MURRAY & READY.
-..634-C36 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO...... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT j
! Barkeeper, city. $30; second cook, country j
". hotel, $50; broiler, restaurant, $30; head j
ivalter, country hotel, $3<>: waiter, country |
restaurant, $S a week; 6 hotel and restaurant \
waiters, $30, $23, $8 and $11 a week; waiter. !
family hotel. $20 to $33; dishwasher.", pot
washers and kitchen hands, $20 and $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
JOTIRNEYMEN Barbers' International Union —
Free employment bureau; the only reccgniied
' union of barbers. 115 Turk. I. LESS, Sec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. P.ernard. Sec., IM 7th: tel. Jens'.' Ui/
A— CARPENTERS. 1 wood turner. 6 cabinet
makers. 3 bench hands, 1 fash and door man.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau. 410 Kearnv
St., rm. 9; non-union mechanics register; new
Join* daily: no office fees. Tel. Main £384.
SALESMEN — To sell Imported and domestic
j liquor*, principally fine Kentucky whiskies 1
I and blt-nda, case and barrel sroods, to jobbers j
i and saloon trade: Bootl chance to the tight ;
I man; salary or commission. R. S. STRADFTR
I & SOX. 69 and 71 E. 'Water St.. Lexington. Ky. |
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, firemen, j
etc.; a free scholarship In engineering will be !
awarded to a few well-recommended appli-
cants. American School of Correspondence,
lloston. Mass.
j WANTED — '- experienced boys, between 15 and
I IS years old, for peddling; wages between $4 00
j and ?<; a week. Call at 563 Natoma St., in the
I morning up to 9 o'clock.
! BOY IS wanted to take charge of hatrcom 5
evenings w-ekly. Apply PROF. FOSTER'S
I Dancing School, 1358 Market St., above 7th.
j DOY wanted in lawyer's office; must reside
with his parents; wages $10 per month. Box
563. Call office.
BUSHELMAN and pr«-s«— • at the Golden W«t
Clothing Renovatory, 12 Montgomery st. ; call
Monday. v,
EXPERIENCED errand boys, $5 week: etste
age, experience and references. Box 665, CalL j
WANTED— A Walter at 207 Third st.
WANTED— Young man as bootblack at 1405
Polk at. \
i WANTED Good first-class dishwasher at 304
Mason et. ; wagea 10.
EXPERIENCED plumber's helper, 623 Golden
Gate ave. ' |
¦ DISHWASHER wanted; must carry trays. 29 |
Kddy et.
SHINGLER, first-class. Call at 613 Pine St..
Monday morning, between and 9 o'clock.
BOY to deliver bread and assist In bakery;
German preferred. 1515 Devlsadero.
WANTED— Good man or ' woman to sell oil
stock. E. J. LUNDIN. 935 Market st.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
MAN to travel & appoint agents: $1000 yearly &
expenses: bright future to hustler, Supt., 601
. Star building. Chicago.
WANTED — A man to drive delivery wagon.
Apply 1328 IIowar<l. st.
TO LET— 2-chalr barber shop, furnished; es-
tablished 6. years; rent $12. Southeast cor-
ner Turk and Scott sts.
"WANTED — Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch in height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting OKice. 40 Ellis
street San Francisco. Cal.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly darnased, half
price. S62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
ran be found at the Adams House, S19 Sacra-
¦ mento tt.. near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap tvell-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
tnat Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 717 Third st ; 150 Urg«
rooms; ?5c per night; $1 to U per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLERS BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old. reliable
firm. SOC Market room 40. Phelan bulMlnsr;
pension vcuch-rs executed, 2Jc; advice free.
I-CHAIR barber shop for sale. Corner Golden
! Gate ave. and Hyde st: good location.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c
to 50c. 582 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
I YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tul-
tlon at S. B\ Barber School. 741A Howard st
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, 830 Howard st. '
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Ca. Hi Kearny.
SAILORS.- ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steqart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 23c nJcht; reading-rooms; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale r also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL. 605- Golden Gate ave.
$30— HANDSOME furnished cottage, 7 rooms;
¦stable. 1S45 Blake, cor. Grove, East Berkeley.
HOr3E3 TO LET. .
.A^-PRINTED IJST Houees to let; send tor dr-
cular. q H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgom eTy,^
BUSH, 1K4— Sijnny house ot S rooms and bathA
rent 137 to, water free. ' ~
GOX7GH, 408, Dear Hayes— 8 nunsy room»: bath.
and yard.
HOUSB of 9 rooms and bath; good order; flat* -
location. 1427 Post st .
LAUREL, SOS, nr. Clar — Modern residence hav-
ing six bed chambers: rent 145; open to-day. -
HOUSES TO LET — FtrRSISHED.
MOPERN. sunny noose, completely furnished,
to rent for six months from January X. Ap-
ply U to X 8023 Clay st. —<
PACIFIC ave., 1547—7 rooms, bath; no crockery.
or linen: $30: refercngea. Apply morning. .
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable: teacbr*
hypnotism in five lessons for <¦'». 997 Market St..
!>' V A XI D CHAJ na A>» P Till V V CLJ&S. .
SOLD and rented; m anfr. of the Eames trloycl*
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 210O Market st.
LOST A5D FOU>D.
LOST— Fri Jay. between California, and Clay.
Flllmore and Stelner sts.. a lady's gold watch.
Please return to 2520 Sacramento st., and re-
ceive re war il. , ¦ ¦'
LOST— In vlclntty of Orphoum, Baturday _ght.
pocket book marked W. A. worthlneton. Ra-
turn to room 4»S, 4 Montgomery st_. after Sun- .
day. ; ' ¦
LOST— On Market st, Friday, lady's fold.
watch with initials "B. N. R." I'.stsra to
room 203 Parrott bulldlny; reward.
LOST— Silk umbrella with crtm metal handle,
itold Tins acd Initials E. il. mi handle. |.)
reward If returned to E. HAQUETTE, IS
Post st. Palace- of Art. .
LOST— Gold watch, with Initials F. J. T. <ra
fob. Finder please return 2frt Fine st. ; re— at<l^
L.QBT Foi terrier; black and tan ears, blaci^
apot on hip. 1337 Market st; reward.
LOST— Gordon setter: tag 1143. Ketars I 230
O'Farrell et.; Uberal rew ard.
LOST— Going from football Kama to Qoldoa
Gate Park Tla FUlmore-street cars, purs e
containing currency, sold and iDrer, diamond
necklace, gold nvggot* and bank chack. A
liberal reward will be paid for return or In-
formation leading tf> recovery. : KEDDT.
CAMPBELL & METSON. Crocker building.
LOST— Gold locket. buckl» attached; get with
diamond ruby and sapphire; liberal reward.
P. J. KEUMAKX. care M. A, Guast 4k Co.,
corner Bush etad Montgomery sta.
LOST— Black Chinese Chow dos; sun* "Nt«-
ge>r": very libra! reward. C7 D«Ylaad*ro st.
LOST— Pearl shirt stud. Scltable* r»ward at
MULLKR «c RAA3 CO.. ~1 M— rlct St.
MED1CAI^
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market-Ladles*
specialists; S2 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully: positive cur*
' rueranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB hotae cure,,
any one can use It with satisfaction: perfect-
jy harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. O. "W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1018 Mar- .
ket, opp. 5th; world- renowned ladles* special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced In Ban Francisco
for years; treated thousands of eases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul- .
tation free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS.'DR. "WTETH. reliable specialist: .25 yr»7 ¦
successful practice: guaranteed 1 treatment at
office, J5,' any ailment; homo for patients; con- j
suit free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and LarktE^
MRS. DR. KOHL. 907 MARKET ST.. corner^
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladies' physlcjan; • '
treatment. $3; positive cure guaranteed: w!wa .
others fail consult, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007% Market, expert on d!»I
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F.. a '
cure guaranteed; $5 at office: have cured thou-
sands ot cases; unexcelled success; see tree. ¦•-
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladies' *p«-
rialist; tafe and sure cure, J5: best care; low
fees: when all others fall consult free' ' .'.-,
MRS. DR. OWTER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy St. ¦ ¦ . :'
DR. POPPER'S treatment can be had for tbs
cure in his office, at $5. TZ Kearny st. ¦ ¦ '••.
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advlco free. 704 Sacramento St.. near. Kearny..
MIXES A.\D MI5IXG. ~
MONTEZUMA COPPER.
MONTEZUMA COPPER. ,
—ONTEZVMA. COPPER. .
Many persons have bought Monteiuraa Copper
stock during the past ten days. More would
have bought had they known that under th© .
laws of Washington this stock: is non-assess-
able. Further facts: Ten assays show av-
erage value of $61 22 per ton. The Alontezurr.a
has eighteen valuable properties In the Cas-
cade Range fifty miles from Tacoma. The
mines are permanent fissure veins. Properties
can be worked cheaply through draisage tun?
nels. No expensive, machinery needed. Abuz I '¦ J
dant supply of timber. coaL -water and lime..
Ores simple pyrltlc, easily smeltered and con-
centrated. The Montezuma, baa no debts, no
mortgages. Its management represents tha '
highest character In the State of Wa—Usfftoa.
Jest now the stock (par value Jl) Is offered
at 4 cents cash or S cents on Installments. .
Anybody can buy It; the wise man. will bu?
It Ores and maps at this o£2ce. For addi-
tional Information see> oar advertisement .ta .
to-day's Chronicle or call or wrlt» t or pros-
pectus. THE AMERICAN GnARANTT
AND TRUST COMPANT, SeUltng Agtmts, 810
Safe Deposit building. San Francisco.
MONTE zrMA COPPER.
MONTEZITMA COPPER.
MONTEZUMA COPPER.
~ MIXING ASH ASSAYING.
CAPITAL wanted to develop a Taluabl* gold
quartz mine In California. For particulars
address Owner, box K>7. . Call office.- ..-
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS. Engtnes, Sd-hand machinery. Me- '
INTOSH & WOLPMAX. 135-1J7 Fremont St. :
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always -
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand; .
33 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In Zi hours.. J,
NOONAN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023 Mission St.
above Sixth; write for catalogue. ' ¦
BOOKS— Over *)00 second-hand 1 books, paxn-
pbleu. etc.. estate ot WM. WATSON, de-
ceased. 23 Telegraph ave.; offers wanted im- -
mediately by executor for same and business.
Apply DAVID MITCHELL, lawyer. 954 Broad- .
v/ay, Oakland. •
BUY a brand new typewriter for J5 dowa and
S5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 40U California
st; rentals, new machines, ti per month.:' .'
A— BUYS, sells of rents gear machinery, en- .
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 2LS Spear St. ' .
D-12 WHEELER & WILLSON. tailor's sewing
machine, $25: also service stripe machine, J15;
both in perfect order. 128 Dorlar.d st • . '
FOR sale— Manuscript for pamphlet on anti-
labor unionism. Terms, etc.. addres* 13U
Misslcn at. '.:' .
BILLIARD tables, balls, cues and racks, com-
pletef dirt cheap. BENJ. CUKTAZ - SON.
18 O'Farrell st. . "
6-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine.
$130; can be seen running- at C3 Golden
Gate ave. ' ¦
A GENUINE Stewart banjo for US BO; worth
IIS in any munlc store. Stockton Street Loan
Office. 105 Stockton St. .'¦'-•
A t-KAUAT-stone diamond rinff for $?3; worth
doubl* the price. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
A— ldO-HOUSErOWER engine, bolter, two-.drtll
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
VtW Singer sewing machine, 5 drawers, oak, <
' cheap. 131S Mission st. near Fifteenth; . ' ;
FOR SALE— Fine sealskin sack; cheap. 1908 ¦
Sutter «t.: tel. Stelner 87.
BICYCLE: gent's high grade; nearly new; .
cheap. Box S58, Call office. ?
FOX terrier pups; pedigreed stock; cheap. 453
Shotwell St. -
ONE-HORSE gas engine: can be seen workinj
at ihirt store. 535 Valencia st m .
$6— SINGER family sewing machine for aal*i9
great bargain. 700 E<Jdy st
H. S. WHITE buys. Cells and rents motors,
engines, mach'y. mining outfits. 816 Mission.
SECOND • hand gasoline engines; all tilts. ••
NEWELL. Li Eluxoise.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY DECEMBBB 2, 1900.
29
MISCELLAXEOCS FOR SALES.
FIBST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH M.fg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maile lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery et.
10-TON Fairbanks ecale and fire and burglar
. proof e&fe. 216 California bu
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
euits lor-tiM. Portland Loan OrflVe. 25 sCktrJ
SAFES— New and second -hand. THE HER-
' MANN SAFE CO.. 417-43 Sacramenfo stf
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron r«d wood
planers, lathes: 2d-h«nd. J. Burke. 139 Beale
W-AXTg]
s «"ond-hand trunk;
• horsepower -.in good condition. Addres* bcx
¦ .• MJ, KM.il Glace.
S^^~ K f. 00 * 5 6fec °aa-h«nd piano for cash:
no driers. Boat 593. call office.
G /vv e o ,^ ant<<1 - GEO. PARTRIDGE"-
.CO., 2)4 California st.
LAD.IES; and gents 1 cast-oft clothlcs bought &
geld. Stlverrr.an. BM Foitom; tel. Kolgom 1191.
JKt.EIN sun pays best j.rloe for clothing, bric-
... a -brae and books. IP? Hlxth St.; td. Jresle 141.
v w«!.r,?ji :rrlGkt piano tcr cash - H L
vUfriEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
':-". MO.XEV TO 1.OA.V
AS X amount on lurnituTeT HUM** «rt_umt f-
**. * ay olht:r K 000 security; pavable
back in installments or as a whole; ti you
owe _ balance on tiio purcr.ase price we wi:i
July It and carry the loan as long as you de-
Sire; avoid red tat* and publicity; see u*
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-€9 Dopohoe b!3g.. U.'J Market
¦———BEST rates acd ratHtmt terms. ' ~~~
---- Second Morta^es
' ••-. Interest in Estate*
• Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problems cf all sort* asd sizes
¦olved by HERMAN MURPHY. C33 Market.
A — MONET to loan at rates which people can
Afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loso
tbetr friendship; do business Vltli strangers
er.d you will b« better satlsf.ed; no delay; no
publlclry. Rooms 9 and in. IW Market et.
ANT ucount at C per cent; 1st. Id and 3d mort-
paces. ue divided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: n^ de-
lay; get Ely terre* before doing business else-
*tere. It. McCOLGAN. S4 Montgomery, r. 1
ANY proposition, aiy amount; 6 per cent: fir»t.
second mortgs.£es. ect&tea In probate. Interest
¦ in estates, legacies, corporation loan!-, chattel
• mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first fk>or.
Chronicle bcUfllng. HALLORAX & OLSEN.
A— SSOO.OW) on city and country real estate and
¦ estates: chattel ir.citgrai?»s: notes and collat-
era- Is. J. BROff.VSTOXE. 31 Montgomery et. ,
.Al OST reliable place to bcrrow on- diamonds, ]
: watches. Jewelry. TC. J. KKSTHAL, Vi Sixth; i
/' fclchest price for eld gold, eilver. diamona*. ;
.HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain '¦
liberal advar.ws on diamonds. Jewelry *t low-
?ftrai'8. Baldwin Jfwelry Stcre. 6)6 Market
:;"••• >t. ;'tpj. Main 1C44. Branch IS Third st.
. 'ANY:amount. lowest rates, en furniture, etc.; :
¦no removal, no commission; etrtctly conO- !
'. •- - ' - 4 '. V ' ~* ' g '* ' m I
U^N'EY loanM talaried people without security.
I HILL,' TO. 44.' Merchants 1 Kx.. 4!l California.
LOA'ST's; 1st or Id rrtp»: city, cour.try: €% undt-
vided irts: estates. HARPER. *S7 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Laau Co., 266 Parrott build-
¦: ing; men can secure loans en personal note.
: TO salaried pecple without security: all busl-
' ness g.cnnd'»ntlal. Tousley Co.. 321 Tarrou bid.
1100.060 TO lo«n on real estate or for building:
,'¦ low rate. Home Bldg Co . K2 Sansome. rm. 2.
AlO-NET .to loan en furniture by private party;
'. low rate. M7 Market et., rocm 1
OX furniture and pianos; no removal; confl-
• CASH loaned to salaried people en note without
¦ iniiVft-t:- MORRELL, HS Examiner building.
?"O salaried people without collateral or in-
flWPtJ. S F. Uisc-o-jnt Ac^nry. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL 1.NJT1UMENTS,
V E are cHerii.fi: the finest lines or good and de-
. ..sira.ble irukars, mandolin* and banjo* ever
'."(hown en the coast; they are of the cele-
. brated- ••Xteeal" and "Ideal'" brand and are
¦t>auOes; ihe price* are very reasonable and
you ran buy ua payments If you wish: noth-
;. .trig flr-er for & holiday present. MAUVA1S
;; MUSIC CO.. 7t3 Market et.
_ GOOD article Is the best "bargain" for ar.y
cr.e to. buy; Tiber, you buy a I>ecker _ Son.
or a Packard piano, you always g*t a "bar-
Bain," es it wiil last a lifetime and please
. evrrybody-; we try to arrange payments to
• eult your convenience, if possible, and take
'.pleasure in thowir.g you the goods, even If
you do. not wact to buy Just now. MAU-
: VAIS MUSIC CO.. T6» Market St.
. ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
: <*>mmcr<iated at Sherman. Clay £c Co.'s with
«a;j«st -payments, lowest prices and most re-
¦ -liable makers to cnoos* from. Each the best
; cf tht'.r .(trade, from Hteinway down. Priv-
ilege given to -exchange medium and Ion- 1
. . priced, pianos for a new Stelnway any time
:.- within three years from date of purchase.
! Eta ulifu! b«w uprichts sold for $6 cash and
' r «*. pr-r ¦ month; ' We o2>r to sell some Rood
. rianos for $3. $4 and SC per month. SHER-
: SIAN, CLAY _ CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
! rier Knarry and Sutter ets., San Francisco,
: ccrreriBroadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
laiid.
.A fcfSOI^CTKLY tha largest exclusive wholesale
arc! retail piano house west of Chicago;
Lapent Heine and Hallet & Davis,
Boston's, oldest and most famous piano, and
¦ -t»n otfirr makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
«>n put :r-as6. :
. t llelrie uprights $227 '
: 1 Mas-on & Hairilin .-. Z04 I
. I Ptelnwayt 155
1 Chickericg ...:....; jg^
¦.;.. 1 Marshall &. 'Wendell 65
1 E.rhi»rson ¦ , 35
HEINE PIANO CO., _7 Geary st.; open
.f vfr.ir.gs. ;
. ABSOLUTELY ¦ -the- oldest and largest house
¦west -of Chic— go. Is KOHLER A CHASE'S. V
Z£ ar.d 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
..a'l -other tangle— 1 Instrument* of all grades
.. and price*;- terms easy; price* lowest; every-
thing poj-rlb'e done to please and satisfy the
. ; customer. • • .
F1NJJ list of »liichtly .-used pianos t'.Za up- easy
payment*.: BEXJ. OITRTAZ &. EON. 16 OTar-
rell et. ; Chirkering agency: Symphonion mu-
. cicboT.e?; Fii'ett music, etc.; open Saturday
- ' evening?. '
A FINE new upright Facriflced on account of
: departure. S15 Van Ness ave.
inOH-CRApK S-pedal upright piano; mu«t be
racrin-ed. leaving city. 4IS Van Nc-ss ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
¦ over Jk ether*. TV. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Po.it.
?CKI'MAN upright, S75; Sherwood. JS5; PeekT
1100: other bargains. BRL'EXn, 208 Port st.
AT KEEFrETS. 9—- Market Ft.. 4 elegant np-
rights at j-pur own price. Ehonlnger agency.
GREAT many bargains in 2ad-hand uprights;
' FmaJI Installment*. Honrung. 21S McAllister.
SOHMEK & CO.. Hyron Mauzy. Gabler, Splel-
• mar.n and Hamilton, pianos. SOf Post st.
BEST rent «toCk in city; new j-1ano«; $2 per
mocth. KCOTT-CURTAZ. SC? Hayea gt.
¦K'PERIOIl violin!', zlt!:»ni, old and new. H.
MTrLI-ET?. maker. r«r>alrer. 2 L9tham place.
A el»Ariing out of r-ianoR forstorage: dirt cheap;
f^FtallmTits. Wilson 1 ! 1 Storare, 710 Market.
A B_R0AEtf: must he sold: nicn uprlrht piano.
;*<'TI'.HTy. it, .M«»MH»««t -?.. nr-rt TTIh. rta"V.
OFII'-ICES A\n y ' l ' <) " I j s Tl) LCtT"
TPBTStClAfS"0 oSce : flxtupes for sale; chair,
oppratinK- tabi»»!', lnstrunient case, batteries,
•*tc. 425 Kearny «t. . • '
OHOCKKT:. 4 rooms, flxtuiTK. yard: 25th and
Harrii*on rts. Apply J. A. LgN'yON*. 315 Clav.
«JII_
BVEHJ BODY— Ma BU wpiaan and child In San
Franclxqo and Pacific Coaet, can afford to
tmy oil stock. 1 cent p<-r share, in. regular
•Cjrporaticn * ; iUi prbvrn nil lands; sure In-
.l'»»liimnn .dividends: will be paid with first
¦wt-H ; i» OPty 1j« used for development purpow
.o-.niy; d^rrifk and casing now on ground; will
¦ Eive fr«« $Ki00 Insurance policy, good for one
y^ar. with every -ihousacd shares sold; thou-
»and thares. j:<*; 100 shares $1; only 100,000
! rhtTP« to l>e fold. JUANITA OIL CO., i05
. Ztontgomrry Ft.,.- Fan Fran.; ag?nt trantrj.
" JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 3C0 Pine rtreet.
I.TSMHEK. PIJOPUCDHS* OIL HXCIIANGn.
.-Oiuntrx* torrest'on'lence Koliclted'.
.--¦;• -oil. _axi>» " K«»n. »alic.
liKRN! River Oil Lands— Proven territory j n
the woll-known tract of "Grace OH Co." for
¦ f :.:?•; also ether- oil land for sale cr lease; most
.wonderful oil field known; over 630 feet of oil
, t-.tr.-i; buy from owners and save commissions:
liave. been in field from start: will give you
• iacta -conwrnlog • any locality. • NEWTON.
CARMAN & SOMES. 1CI Chronicle bid*.. San
Francisco: <16 I>ouglas Block, Los -Angeles;
'= Scutbern Ilotri. Uak'rsflHd. ¦
A fOIiTUNE for JiCKH-Th* Cift U. S. patent
o'.l land on the- market In 3fl-acre tract?; vend
¦ tor map ard experts' reports and particulars.
A. L. V/II-LEY. ?1« Mark't rt.. 6. F.
Patents and pensions.
ADVICE ff*e; no charge ualeee successful.
CEO. I>. CAMPBEX.L. Lawyer. E_amlner big.
PERSONALS.
I HERKBY state to all whom It may concern
that I will not be responsible for any debts
contracted in future by the firm formerly do-
Ing business at 817 Drumm ft. (New Oregon
Saloon). CHRIST. ANDERSEN.
KASTERX gentleman would like to meet ac-
complished young lady; object, matrimony.
Address box C02, Call office. -. .
FEMALE doctor with bosun addrees; bad let-
ter copied to a MRS. GLENDENING; Fri-
day; ferry depot.
MIDDLE-AGED professional gentleman from
the East; desires the acquaintance of a lady;
object matrimony. Box SS5. Call office.
GENTLEMAN depin-s the acquaintance of a
lady; object matrimony. Box 419, Call.
A RESPECTABLE educated gentleman (40) de-
t'ircs to correspond with lady with Home
means: object, matrimony! Box BSO, Call.
NICK B.: Didn't eee you at Third and Verona.
OLGA K.
THE Star Hair Remedy Is the only preparation
that vriil restor* gray and faded hair to nal-
! ural color ar.d at the tame time cure dandruff
nnd eczema of the scalp. 6top falling and
1 grow new hair: therefore the best and the
j cheapest; sold by druggists find halrdrestera.
ACADK.M1E FRANCAISE for conversation;
j private and cla*s lessens by Parif-lan teach-
j ers; popular prices. 742 OFarrell st.
J EOT or girl baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FCNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda-
ET— ICTL.T private and secluded residence away
1 from the public gaze, for the treatment of
{ women: ccniinenient canes taken. MKS. DR.
FL'KKE, 14:6 Klghth st.. Alameda.
AX— i scalp diseases, falling hair, dandruff and
l>sl<iness ore caused by micro- bad 111. Cur«
at MHS. K. R. DU.NI-AI'M Eddy, rms. 73-7«.
j HAIR podtirely grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound: absolute proof. Call or
address DR. G. S. MOORE. US Geary St., S. F.
BECXUCTS THAT WIN— KncwLoJj* that pays"
I scionc- that brings business & social isucccss—
[ cures .liseafo and bad habits; wins love an«i
friena.-hip; gratifies ambltkns; gives wonder-
ful lower and control aver others; you can
lean, bom*; write lor illustrated book; ex-
plains all hidden mvfctcrieu of Personal !!«;•
netlrni. Hypnotism. Magn-nic Healing, etc.
It's free. Address New York Inetltute of
Science, Deit. 117B, P.ocheMer. N. Y.
! PARTIES contemplating trip to and from Ha-
! -\vaiion Islands, with first-class accommoda-
I lions, and wishinc to be taken care of. may
Join advertiser; enclose stamp for reply. Ad-
dross "Excursion/,' box 'i. Novata. Cal.
HAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
1 chenille-wove rugs, *=ilk portieres; dealer in
I carpet ttr ine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oaklan.1.
I CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment:
no knifi'. plaster or pain; book and testi-
monial* mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second et.. N. T.
MKXICAX Hair Grower stop? the hair from
! falling immediately and restores tray hulr to
Us natural color; ladles call and investigate.
Mexican Lady. 142 Sixth st.
MARRIAGE bureau: "St. 1&S7: reliable and con-
fidential lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 7C6 Ellis St.
DAX1CHEUF sails holiday glove orders, good
for gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
I years' »-xp»rience. J. 15. RAY. J57 Jeosie et.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 192;
made to order: renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty, flne up-
hotetery. HOPKK IIROS.. Sis nnd llth st.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
1 Hotel, 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to 51 to per night; $1 t0 to $5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments: $15 upward: tl
a we*k- LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. be-
twfen Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron bfds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 20. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
FIXE suits. 110: drees pants. $? 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
i A-J3 HO DEP.BT,and Fedora hats, U 75. Popu-
; lar Price Ilatte re. 330 Kearny at., near Pine.
i Lederr-r's Kcamo Shampoo should be on every
dressing case; cleanses thoroughly; 5c pkg.
F1RST-CLAFS upholstering done at your house
by <lay or Job. S. JENSEN. 911 Push st.
! MASQUERADE costumes, play book?, wigs;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
FLKCTROLTSIS deftmyr superfluous hair ana
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 35c: all drujrgiBte.
EUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1G44 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD Fold, silver, diamonds and precious (tones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. St" Market et.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores £ray
hair to its natural color; tl: at all drus?i*ts.
!
MME. ASTRA. 509 Taylor St.. room 2; »>clentlflc
astrologer and palmist: hours 10 a.m to 7 p.m.
KEEP this; scientific character reading, the
v.hole figure and handwriting. 50c. B39 Geary.
EX. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, oV,
Taylor st., bet.Geary and Post; tel. Black Mil.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post: tel. Hyde 2932;
hour* 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
l'H VSICI A XS AXU jSUIUSKO.M S.
DR. C. C. O' DO NNELL— Office and residence^
K'21'4 Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED. "
WASTED — 5 or 10 acres partly Improved good
land in a place where I can get work In
timbers, cutting logs, wood chopping or any
other work In timbers. Address F. R. WIL-
LIAMS. ESI Greenwich St.. S. F.
WANTED— Flats or any good income property
under J10.C0O for spot cash. SPECK & CO..
t67 Market st.
nEAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SA»,E.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET STREET.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$33 0C0 — On Ellis Bt. ; S7:6s£7:5 ft.; 2 stores and 2
flats; rents 11200 per annum.
SNAP BARGAIN.
FOR SALE: or WILL TRADE.
$7500 Cost I12.C00: $5000 mortgage can remain:
(•Ugant <-orner lot. 137:6x137:6; flne ma-
rine view; Hyde-«t. car» pars; will pay
difference in cash for improved proi>erty.
ATTRACTIVE SOUTH OF MARKET FLATS.
t"300— Rents J63< per annum; 3 handsome bay-
wlnnowed P.at3 of E. 6, 6 rooms and
bath on Minna ft.
BUFH-ST. RESIDENCE.
15000— Reduced from I35C0: elegant modern res-
idence of 8 rooms and bath rand finished
basement; sunny side street; all mod-
ern Improvements.
BACRAMENTO-ST. CORNER.
J37oO— 2 flats of 4 and 5 room* and cottage of 4
rooms: rents $408 per annum; near Leav-
en wc-rth st.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
; IJDOO— MAKE OFFER; MUST BE SOLD; %
fiate of 5, 4, 3 rooms: rentd J37 59 per
month; near 8th and Howard sts.
MODERN MISSION RESIDENCE.
$3jC0 — Two-story houee. 7 rooms and bath;
every modern improvement: lot 2Jxlw;
bitumen etreet; cement walk.
MODERN COTTAGE ON TERMS.
tITJO— $2C0 cash, balance 6 per cent: porcelain
bath; dome ceilings, etc.; lot 25x104; JeY-
eey st.
j NEW MODERN MISSION COTTAGE. '
T2S00— 6 rooms and bath, tile mantels, etc.;
light and sunny; Sanchez St., near 24th.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St.
AN INVESTMENT.
A HOME,
A SPECULATION.
* If you want either of the abov* (one of three)
attend auction to b« held r>ecember 12 at 18
noon at Sherman & Clay's Hall. 223 Sutter st.
Tliis will be a chance to secure a bargain that
you cannot afford to miss. No such list of
property has been offered in 10 years.
IT IS A SALE WITHOUT RESETRVE.
K-e auction ad In this paper or call at my
office for catalogue and particulars.
B. P. OLIVER.
REAL ESTATE AGENT AND AUCTIONEER,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
OWNERS of property In in* Potrero that wish
tu *«11. call on W. J. GUNN, 530 California
street. S. F. Savings Union building.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPUT. €20 Market; 2d mortgages; estates.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR. BAtB.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.
REAL ESTATE AOENTa
•< «aa -, u MONTGOMERY STREET.
?5.000— Fine grocery corner, near Halgtat and
I^llmore sts. ; store occupied by a gro-
cery and 6 rooms and bath above; rents
$42 r>er month.
P.000— Nice WoBtern Addition corner; on car
line; store and 5 flats of ft rooms and
.,<>.«-, tb **<*: renting. for $84 per month.
$19,500— Six bay-window houses of 9 rooms and
bath each and lot 106x100; close to lith
and Mission; renting low at $155 per
month.
$«.50O— Nice two-story and attlo bay-window
residence of 11 rooms and bath and
basement on Clayton street, near Golden
Gate Park; lot 25x112:6.
$3,600— Rents $54 per month; "5 fiats, near Mason
., ,,.* and Washington sts. ; 40 feet front.
$7,600— Two nice flats; northeast corner on Bu-
chanan st. in choice residence locality,
containing 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each; rents $52 50 per month; 6un all
day; lot 30x87:6.
$4,250— Two-story bay-window residence on the
m rrrwL ?iL nny . elde of Eddy street; lot 27:6x137:6.
*5,5W>— On Montgomery «t.. near . Pacific; 2
stores and 3 rooms each and flat above
.r --„ w 8 T0Om ''- rents $47 50 per month.
$5,7oO— Make an offer; must be sold; two nice
eunny bay-window flats of S and 4
rooms and bath each on Folsora st.
„, »~, n ° ar Tw <*nty-eecond; 25x122:6.
S11.500— Hents $HS8 per annum; 8 stores and 4
flats of 4 rooms each on Montgomery
,._ a**-, near Powell st.
$3,000— Mce corner investment on Howard st..
containing 2 stores and- 3 and 4 rooms.
and 2 fiats of 6 and Z rooms and bath
each; rents $77 50 per month"; lot 45 feet
front
$liSSO— Nice comer In the Western Addition,
containing store and 2 flats of 7 and 4
rooms each and a two-story house of 6
rooms and bath: corner occupied as a
„,_ drugstore; rents $1140 per annum.
$19.000-Corner on Union st. ; 2 stores and 6 flats
of 7 and 6 rooms and bath'^ach; rents
i*-li_ H53 EO per month; lot 37:0x100.
$12,500— Three nice flats of 6 rooms and bath
each on the sunny side of Sutler St. ;
.. ,~. 'or $115 per month; lot 25x112:6.
$3,600-Store property on Howard pt., contain-
ing store and 3 rooms and flat of 5
rooms and bath above; rent $2S per
month.
$3.000— Two flats of 4 rooms each on Silver St..
near Third.
$6,700— Folsom. close to llth; store and 4 rooms
and J flats of 7 and 6 rooms and bath
above; rent $57 60 per month.
New pocket map of San Francisco County, 25c.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a list of properties for
sale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery Btreet.
G. H. CMBSEN & CO.,
14 MONTGOMKJIT STREET.
AUCTION
AUCTION-
AUCTION
AUCTION-
AUCTION
AUCTION
I At our salesroom, Monday, Decerobt-r lutii. at
1 12 o'cloclt noon.
THE TWO FOLLOWING PROPERTIES
MUST BE SOLD
By order of the owner, who is an absentee:
1 No. 1
S. E. cor. Dupont nnd Green sts.; improve-
ments consist of brick and frame buildings
containing <> stores and 10 tenements; rents
f2U7.;10 per month, which can be Improved with
little outlay. Lot 68:9 by S2:6.
No. 2
Margarette Place, rear 433 Green st.; Im-
provements consist of 2 tenements of 3 rooms
each; rants $9 per menth; this Includes alley-
way 2Vt feet wide leading from Green st.
CORNER NEAR FERRY DEPOT
S. E. cor. Drumm and Commercial sts.; im-
provements consist of 2 stores and dwelling;
rents low at $*>5 per month; one block from
Market st. and ferries. Terms cash above
bank mortgage of $12,000.
HOWARD STREET BUSINESS
PROPERTY
1116-1115 Howard Bt., N. line, near 7th st.
I only one block from new postofnee; lmprove-
I ments consist of store with 5 rooms and lodg-
. Ii-.k house <<f 15 rooms; rents $49 per month
Lot 25 by 90.
M. B. ETURGES ESTATE
Executor's Sale.
17C' Fell et., N. W. cor. Masonic ave.; bay
window residence of S rooms and bath; cement
walk: both streets bituminlzed and accepted;
this derirable corner is located In one of the
choicest residence districts and overlooks the
Park Panhandle. Lot 28 by 100. Subject to
confirmation by the court.
STOCKTON STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY
SOI Ptockton St.. Ti' line, between Sacramento
frame building; rents $25 per month; this prop-
erty properly Improved can be made to yield
handsomely. Lot 40 by 193:6, irregular, to
Prospect Place.
FORECLOSURE SALES.-
No. 1
Fclsom st.. E. line, near 21st; 2 choice build-
ing tots, level and ready for building; street
bltumlnlzed and accepted. Lots 25 by 95 each.
No. 2
2J57 Fclrom St.. E. line, near 21et St.; im-
provements consist of stable, with fiat above
of € rooms and bath; street bltuminlzed and
accepted. Lot 25 by &5.
CLEMENTINA STREET INVESTMENT
Partlticn Sale.
446-446H Clementina, st.. N. line, between 5th
and j6th Us.; improvements corslst of store and
3 room!!, with 2 tenements of 4 rooms each;
rents $34 per month. Lot 20 by 70.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE LOT.
Golden Gate ave., N. line, near Central ave.;
- choice buildintt lot 23 by l()0.
NORA BEDKLL ESTATE
Executrix Sale.
270-272 Lexlngtnn ave., W. line, near 20th St.;
2 bay window flats of 4 and 3 rooms and bath
each: rents $28 per month. Lot 25 by 80. liub-
Ject to confirmation by the court.
JONES STREET INVESTMENT.
1513-1513>.i Jones Et., W. line, near Pacific: 2
flats of 7 and 5 rooms each; rents $31 per
month: lot 80 by 62:4. '
For further particulars apply to our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
BOVEE. TOY & EONNTAG.
HEAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET STREET.
$o7.5C0— Mission st., near water front; lot
45:10x137:6 ft., with 3-slory brick, substantial
building, renting for $335 per month; this Is a
! fine piece of property and can be had at a bar-
i gain.
i $25,ono— Steuart st., near Market; lot 36x137:6
' ft.; ready to build on; could be leased to pay
! good Income If purchaser will build.
i $19.000 — A flne ¦ business corner, 57:6x106 ft.,
j on Turk St.: rents $165 per month; this rent can
• be Increased.
j $10,50C— Three beautiful new strictly modern
j flats on Webster St.; marble steps; tiled vesti-
bule: rents }90 per month.
$11,000— New, modern two-story building, on
Western Addition transfer corner; stores be-
low and flat above; rents $S6 per month.
fSCOO— Howard St., near Twenty-thlril ; lot 40x
112:6 ft., with residence of 10 rooms, and balh.
$7D00— Modern and attractive Western Addi-
tion residence; fine location.
J6.VMV- Broad way, near Octavla ft., north side;
lot 27x137:6; choice lot: marine view; flne neigh-
borhood; sold at a barpralti.
$72jO— Business property on Mint ave.. near
Fifth; lot 25x75 f^ ; well rented; g<ood invest-
ment. *
J5230— California et.. downtown lot, 23xS0 ft.;
rentR $30 rer month.
$4250— SW. corner of Vallejo and Leavenworth
sts.: lot 20x57:6 ft., with store below and flat
above; property must be sold; this Is a flne buy
$2400— Ix)t 22x75 feet; 2 flats renting for $22 per
month: on Elliott Park, near Ptelnor st.
$2000— Union *t.. near Polk; lot 2.'ixlOO ft.
JGOO— I«ot on Noe, »t., near Valley; 23x115 ft.;
sold at this price to make quick sale; lot worth
;uco.
Further rortlcularn of
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX.
SCS MONTGOMERY STREKT.
$50.CG<<— Substantial, well built 3-story and
basement SO-ft. front building, on McAllister »t
opposite City Hall; only three tenants; always
tented, and sure to enhance in value; lot
60x127:6. 1
i30,TO0— Eight per cent per year guaranteed for
next five years; lot C6xI37:6 and Improvements
$25,000— Annual rental ?1680; Sacramento-st.
business nro;>erty.
$20, COO— Pays 9 per cent on this price; en at-
tractive, thoroughly up-to-date, .'»O-rt. front, 3-
story and basemen', bulldlne, containing two
stores and four modern flats of seven rooms and
bath each: In most promising i>art of Western
Addition; lot 10x87:6.
$20,000— Jackson-at. corner residence, 14 rooms
and bath; all latest Improvements; lot 58x100
$15,000— Annual rental SI5C0; Howard St.- lot
15x80 and improvements.
$10,000— Annual rental $1230; Jackson-st. busi-
ness property.
$8000— Fine residence lot. on north line of
Jackson Rt.. surrounded by elegant homes; lot
SXxlGO; a banraln.
$5500— Three cottages, near Clay and Larkin
sts.: rents ?540; always rented.
$2750— Clara st., near Fourth; large, well-bulit
2-stnry house, 12 rooms; 27x75: very cheap.
$2700— Maple st:: attractive «-room cottage 1
also 2-room cottage and barn: 30x112.
GEORGE M. SVILI.COX.
328 Montgomery st.
SANTA FE SANTA FE
The Terminal City of Santa Fe Railroad.
$125. -'.'
• ' ALL LEVEL LOTS.
$10 CASH.... .....$5 MONTHIir.
BTREETS GRADED. .
HOUSES BUILT TO SUIT
ON EABY PAYMENTS
McEWEN BROS.. IIS Montgomery st..
Solo Agents Santa Ke.
$2400- SEE this great chance; must be sold-
flne 2-story cottage of 6 rooms and bath; all
modern; California St., near Third ave: ; 2
frontages, S3 feet each: sunny; a comfortable
solid home; now rented $17; make an rffer'
SCOTT & HARRIS. 20 Post et.
SACRIFICE— House; I rooms; lot 25x137: must
eell; price $4500.- 1715 Eddy at.
REAL ESTATE- — CITT— POtt S_X__
BALDWIN _ HOWEU*
10 Montgomery at.
$7000— Fulton st. near L— gunat two ho_Ma of
6 rooms, bath and basement each, aad 8
flats In the rear on the small street; rent
$62; lot 37:«xl20.
ICOOO— Jessie st., near Fifth; three-story frame
building of store below and two floors
above of 8 rooms; rent $60; lot 28x70.
$5000— Golden Got* ave., near loron rt.; two
flats of 1 rooms aad bath each; rent
$43 60; lot 25x127:6.
$5000— Green St.. near Oough; fin* reeldeno* erf
9 rooms and bath, laundry, etc ; lot 26:8
xlS7:6.
JiKO— Hermann st.. near Fillmc—e; two two-
story bay-window houses of 5 roumi and
bath each; rents $40; lot 25x120 to rear
street.
$4250— Chestnut st, near Powell; two-story
house of 7 rooms and bath, and two flats
of 4 rooms each j rents $43 SO; lot ZSx
337:8.
$4200— Buchanan et., near Halght; two-story
bouse of 8 rooms and bath.
$3350 — Sumner st.. near Howard; three fiats con-
taining 3, 4 and 6 rooms; rents $35.
$3300— Folsom St., near Third; two-story frame
house of store and 2 rooms .below; flat
above of t rooms: rents $30.
$3250— Ritch St., near Townsend: five flats: rents
$42 60; lot 22:11x80 to small street.
$3000^-Baker st., near Golden Gate ave.: good
cottage of 9 rooms and bath; lot 27:8x110.
J2S00 — Jones st. ; house of < rooms and bath,;
flne marine view; near Unlon-st. cars.
$1S50-Heron St., corner, near Folsom and 8th
sts. ; two-story frame house in four tene-
ments; rents }23 60.
$1250 — Twenty-first St.. near Church: good house
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25:11x114.
BUILDING LOT. /
TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS CASH
Price t2Z0; only $25 cash, balance small
monthly payments; a splendid opportunity to
comim-nee and necure a future home.
GLEN PARK TERRACE- '.
Half s block from electric care; only 23 min-
utes from City Hall: maps and full particulars
at offtce. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
Rare chance for home-builders and In-
vestment seekers.
Choicest building lots on very easy
{•ayments; on the H-fst. electric
cars and fronting Golden Gate
Park and the new 19th-
ave. boulevard.
Lots and streets on official Rrradsi;
macadamized: plank sidewalks,
eas and water service.
Low prices — bound to Increase In
value.
TOUR OWN TERMS, INTEREST
ONLY SIX PER CEN~.
MONEY ADVANCED FOR BUILDINCi
PURPOSES. ,
The better class of residences in Sun-
set District are now being occu-
pied and constructed on tb'j
new 13th-av— iuo bou-
levard.
Call s.t once at our branch office
fopon week days, Sundays and holi-
days), corner H st. and 9th ave., south
of Golden Gate Park., and ask to be .
shown thene boautlful lots. Full par-
ticulars and price lists also at our
office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery Bt.
MADISON & BURKE,
Established January. 1S58.
Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
626 Market st., opposite Palace Hotel.
$K00-PINE st., near Scott; 2 flats: r»nt $57 60;
lot 25x137:6. MADISON ft BURKE.
$7000— INSIDE of Flllmore. In the best part of
the Western" Addition; 3 flats; rent $5o; must
be sold; will take small house In nice part of
the city as part payment. MADISON &
BURKE.
LAL'NDRV building with 2 flowing -wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot-16Sxl20, on north
line of I»mbani st., bet. Flllmore and Stein-
er; also lot 152x120 on Chestnut St., In rear,
rents $73 per month: mu?t be sold on account
of non-residence. MADISON & BURKE.
Bi:SH-ST. corner, near Kearny; lot 60x70. with,
large, substantial buildings; rents $230 per
month. MADISON & BUR1CD.
M1RSION-ST. bargain, near Twelfth: large lot;
nf-w improvements, store and flats; rents $110;
price $1S.OQO. MADISON — BURKE.
$10,fW— FINE vacant property; lot 87:6x90. with
2 corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts. ; Just the
place for a grocery. MADISON & BURKE.
JSOOO— AN elegant north corner In the Presidio
Heights district; 60x90: this is choice prop-
erty and very cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
$€500— BUSH Bt.. near Webster; S rooms and
bath: elegantly finished interior; 27x100.
MADISON & BURKE.
$6X0— HAYES-ST. flats, near the Park; lot 25x
137:0; rents $55; mutt b? sold: north line of
street and modern. MADISON & BUKKE,
$2$00— NICE 7-room house on Noe St., near Hill*
lot 25xS0. MADISON &, BURKE.
$1*,00<>— AN elegant marine view house, In the
best of condition; will take a smaller house
for part pay if not too far out. MADISON
&. BURKE. .
$4J0O— FLATS In the W. Add., near the Pan-
handle: rent $45; thorouRhly modern and
street bltuminlzed. MADISON & BURKE.
GUTTER St.. corner or Buchanan; 33x87:6; only
$S00O. MADISON &. BURKE.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$13,000— Corner Green and Powell sts.; 70x70;
3-story building; rents $132.
$12.500 — Union st., near Taylor: 3 modern flat*
and rear house; 25:i*xl2S:I»; rents $97.
$12,000— Corner Bush and Hyde'; 25x57:6; store
and 2 flats; rents $70 50.
$10.000— Twelfth st., near Howard; 53x145; 30-
room dwelling:.
J6S00 — Hayea st.. near Buchanan; 25x120 to
rear etreet: house of 9 rooms.
$C000-Folsom St., near LIghth; 23x30; 2 flats;
rents $46.
$0000— Lombard, near Dupont; 40x90 to rear
street: 4 flats: rents $."6.
$o250 — California st. , near Baker; 25:3xS2:6;
3 Hats; rents $42 50. .
$»60:>— Green Bt., near Dupont; 16:6xS0; 3 bay-
window fiats; rents $j.'.
$5000 — Rents $75 per month; corner 2 main
streets In northern part of city.
$4500 — Florida St., near Twenty-second: 31x100;
4 flats; rents $48.
$4500— Kearny ft* near Union; 20xSi) to rear
street; 2 houses; rent* $3? L'5.
$2700 — Central ave.. near Hayes St.; 25x100;
store and 4 rooms find bnth.
UNIMPROVED.
Corner Golden Gate ave. and Leavenworth'
137:6x137x6:
$12,500-Cor. Tiv E t. and Central ave : fc6 3
xl30: will subdivide.
$7000 — Cor. tJuerrero and Fourteenth; 68x9*.
$7500— Valencia st., near Twenty-sixth; Qf)x90.
Corner Bryant and Twenty-second ets.; will
subdivide; Daxll'O.
$3500 — Kulton ft., near Flllmore: 32:6x137:6.
$3000— Lacuna St.. near 1'age; 2i.-:100.
$!7E0 each— Poft St., near Devisadero; 2 lots.
$2000— Waller St.. near Stanyan; 25x100.
S1£00 — Bryant st.. near Iwpnty-tnlrd; £6x100.
$1700— Corner Castro nnd Alvarado; 26:6x105.
$_00— Sutter St., near Lyon; 35:3x100.
AUCTION SALE, WEDNESDAY. DEC. 5,~1900
At 12 o'clock, at Salesroom of
COFFEY. HUGHES * CO.. 630 MARKET ST.
Ptor?B ar.d flnt, 722 to 72*5 Howard 'st.. near
Third; lot fiOxiSO. to Natoma »t., or OOx'JO front-
Ing Howard rt.
Ri!*h et., south r;if>. 175 feet west of Octavla •
lot ' .
Co us. st. "811 Eip-ht>?i>nth Rt., near Church; 6
rooms, and bath; :5xlC0.
Kolfbm St., lC4fi to VMS; stores and lodsinie
hou*«>; rr-nts $14f»; lot .'5x80.
1747 and 1751 Post St., near Buchanan; 55x
rS7:G; rents $70.
W.1 Clay st. : S rooms and bath.
1417 Pacific pt. ; store nnd flnt: rent $32.
Lot wf-<t Lacuna st., V>ot. Halght nnd Page
215, 216H and 218 Langton St.; 50x7.'; tone-
nunts.
Two lots, . west' Lyon rt., nr. Halcht; 25x101
each.
171.'. Ediiv st., nr. Pierce: S r. & b. : 2Sxl37:fi.
Lot north McAllister, nr. Fillmore; 40xI37'6
2114 Mission St., nr. Seventeenth; 8 r. & b.
Cottas:«>. ' 325 l)«y st.. near Sanchez.
Two -lots west Harrison.' nr. 25th; 25x122:6
First Bt.. near Mall Dock and Brannan st •
«aloon and boardlnK house.
COFFEY. HUGHES & CO
Auctioneers. 630 Market nt.
WE WILL IUIILD FOR YOU ~~
A modern home
Just as you want it
. In one of the best parts of the city,
Where the electric cars are onlya block away;
.Street work done, fine view and healthful
Locality; you can pay us monthly. Just as
You are now paying rent.
. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
SOME BARGAINS AT • $¦> A MONTH,"^
,$150 apd upward: flne building lots; 1 block
frcm .Twenty-second-st. cars.;
Sunset. Heights lota on Fourteenth ave.; 25x
120 each; grand view.
Lots northi of the Park, near Point Lobos ave
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Poet st
$100 EACH— Lots 25x100; 300 feet from San Ma-
teo electric cars; $5 monthly. OSCAR HEY-
MAN. 14 ft Post st. ..-.¦¦--,
$12 60, A MONTH buys a new 4-room cottape
and 2 lots near Mission and Efth.sts. OSCAR
HEYMAN., 14 Post st. :'.'•-¦¦¦"-'. ¦¦- ;¦ '-.-¦-.
HOMES built In any part of the city on easy
monthly payments. ACME BUILDING AND
LOAN ASSOCIATION. 14 Post st.
BDNJ. H. LICHTENSTEIN, Blythe building.
Grant ave., offers 65 feet by 77',i on O'Farrell
at., near Powell.
REJ-X , K8TATE— Cmr— FOB 0AXJB -
DAVIDSON A LEIQJL
BKAX. ESTJLTB AOBWT8. -,
£0 MONTOOMERT BT.
Peremptory «*!• of valuable flownto— — . prop-
erties: by order, of the executor* of the estate
ol C F. Fargo, deceased. .
$«0,000— BE. corner Grant are. and Bust* «*. j
large lot 69x100 test, with brick and
frame Improvements, occupied a* the
original Poodle Do* restaurant and
•tores, we - have plans and estimates
for the remodeling of this fine old-es-
tablished corner property so that It will
pay over 7 per cent net; rents now for
$4100 per annum.
$22.500~Front at, east side, between California
and Sacramento; substantial brick
, building: always occupied; rents $1560
¦ per annum s lot 21:9x87:6.
$50,0OO-Grant are., between Butter and Bush,
corner Harian place;' flne 4-story brick,
stores and lodging-house; large lot 44-
foot front.
$18,600— Valuable corner, fronting Golden Gate
Park, occupied for years as Dickey's
roadside-house; grand lot 120x190; NW.
corner Fulton or D st. and Sixth ave..
with frame buildings. In view of the
removal of the Chutes to this vicinity
this well-known corner is deserving of
ipecial consideration, as values are cer-
tain to enhance. /
$1850— Easily worth J2O0O; lot 27:«xl04:6; on
% Fulton or D st. :, between Sixth and
Seventh aves.; fronting Golden Gate
Park, s
$3500— Third st. business property: west side,
.between Folsom and Harrison ; frame
building, store and rooming-house
above; always rented; lot 25x80.
$10,500— Cheap lot 50- foot front on Fourth st.,
between Bryant and Brannan: 4-story
building, stores and rooms; Nos. 512,
iU and 0I6.
J95C0— Stores and flats; Nos. 1109-1111 Folsom
i"t., between Seventh and Eighth; lot
37:6x90 to rear street; rents $7S0 per
annum.
ALSO.
$18,600— Splendid ranch property of 3S3 acres of
fine land, level and rolling, on San
Pablo -Creek, about 15 miles from San
Pablo, Contra Costa County; ample
water supply. The California and Ne-
vada Railroad passes through this
ranch." It Is understood that this road
will shortly be acquired by the San
Joaquln Valley 'Railroad as a short cut
into North Oakland, which will revo-
lutionize values throughout this valley.
This property has been leased for over
16 years to one tenant.
The above properties are positively ordered
to be sold at once to close the estate.
$22,600— Fine sunny corner property on Taylor
St., close in; 56- foot front: excellent lo-
cation for private hotel or rooming-
house, and will pay 8 per cent net;
tenant offers guaranteed lease.
$10,000— Storage or stable; brick building; 75-
foot front; near Howard and Ninth sts.;
a bargain; building cost $9oOO.
Fine large corner lot. 150x200 feet, near Mis-
sion and Thirteenth sts.; three fronts;
cheap.
$11,730 only; mortgaged for $10,000— Downtown
business property; 4-story building; all
rented; a sacrifice.
DAVIDSON Se LEIGH,
30 Montgomery st.
RED HOT BARGAINS
AT— A. M. SPECK & CO.— AT
HARD TO BEAT! HARD TO BEAT!
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
$2750.
E small flats, all rented for $31; near Market
and Ninth sts. .
$3500.
4 flats near Sixth St.. all rented for $41; cost
$5&00; must sell.
$8000.
Two nice flats, 2214 FUlmore st: business lo-
cality; offer wanted.
$7500.
Down town flats, all rented, $S1; two front-
ages; Hayes Valley.
. $7500.
Flats; brand new; east of Van Ness ave.;
rents $72.
$7250 INVESTED
On Van Ness ave. produces $100 a month over
taxes: must sell; elegant new Improvements;
this is five times what you get in Bavlngs
banks.
JS950.
Rents $100; 100-ft. front; near Taylor st.; no
chance- like it. ...»
$10,500.
40-ft. corner on Second st.
$14,500.
Business property; rents $100; near new City
Hall. f
$20,600.
Corner: GO-fC front: vicinity Sutter, east of
Hyde; grand hotel, offlee or roomln-housa site;
rents $107.
!30,000.
Rents $2S5: elegant new Improvements; 55-ft.
front; honest value.
$30,000.
44-ft. front: vicinity of Tivoli; old improve-
ments; rents $*00: block from Market, will
double surely in 10 years.
> $75,000. ;
Grand corner: 73-ft. front: within block of
Market St.: old Improvements: rents $4C0; with-
in block of Hale"s; worth $100,000.
$100,000.
Here Is 10 per cent net; on a corner 70-ft.
front; guaranteed lease 5 years; building better
than the Palace Hotel or no sale.
NOTICE— No time for triflers. Cash talks in
our office. Try us. : .
Money to loan, 6 per cent. Including taxes.-
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mark-it st.
SPLENDID
MANUFACTURING SITE
NEAR NINTH AND BRANNAN.
Railroad facilities; three frontages: size 200x
200 feet; price $15,000; also lot 123x100 feet, same
location; price only $jC 1 0.
$17,0fiO— A flne Investment property on cross-
town business street; steady tenants; pays fine
Interest.
$5000 — Rents $52 60; two flne new flats In Pan-
handle district: all latest modern improver
ments; wide lot; flne buy for the money.
$;«W) — In Western Addition; Pine, near Pierce:
residence of 9 rooms, bath, pantry, etc. ;• large
lot with L.
REDUCED TO $4000.
Good home of 7 rooms and bath; on Steiner
st., near O'Farrell; owner anxious to sell.
j;e/ifV_A pretty Mission home, 6 rooms and
bath: wide lot: In first-class condttlon.
ONLY $1250.
4-room cottage on No* st.: lot 2S:6xlO5.
' NORTH BEACH.
2 cheap lots on North Point street: 25x137:8
each. - ,
LOTS.... LOTS..... ...LOTS
In Pacific and Presidio ¦ Heleht*. on Pacific
ave., DevlsadPro, Vallejo, Clay sts, etc.; all
prices. - *
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFOKR. 4C3 Pine street.
* Opposite Nevada Bank.
Mst chance to get any of those bulldjng lots
23x80, near Market st. and City Hall at the low
pries; come quick and secure cne.
$3750— A nice house on Union at., near Jones;
a cozy home; fine view. , ¦ - .
Reduced to $42'>O— A splendid 10-room. house
and lot 32x125 feet on Howard st.. near 16th.
$IOtO— Credit nale of a Park panhandle prop-
erty on Oak at., n«>ar Central ave.; flne cottage
of 6 room* and lw\th: lot 2SxJ10. . .
JSll.flffi— n<"nt $123 j-^r mpnth; corner property;
lot S4-»-f(>, with 4 heusea. stores and flats.
xnO.CC— Mirslon Ft., rear Sixth; a flrst-rate
lnvpstirrtit: lot 45x5«. with 4wo 10-room housev.
$i"J0— Rent J5IS per annum: 3-story; sto:-*
and 2 fiats; a very snug small business prop-
erty.
HAWKS' & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken.
of Property.
$10,000— Choice Investment; Sutter St., near
Montgomery; centra}, safe; pays over 5
per cent net.
$3,WA-Iyot SW. . cor. ' Grove, and Devisadero:
34x110; on main drive to Park.
$3,2p0— Ix)t W. . Devltadero: 26x110. adjoining
above lot;; ,,
$2,CC0— I-ct S. Grove: 27x112;" edjolnlng above
• lot*.
$3,f CO— Corner lot; Hyde and FVandsco; secure
$1,923 view of bay: improving location: will
$1,750 subdivide; 15 minutes from Market st.
$3,500~Geary 8t., nr. Devisadero; rents $35 per
month: good investment:' make offer.
$5,500— Nice home: Octavla St.. near Broad-
way; S rooms, etc. ; good neighborhood.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
FOR' SALE OR FOR RENT.
New 5-room house on Hoffman ave., near
Elizabeth St.: cheap.
Also now 4-room houae on Hoffman ave.
Also new 3-room house on Prentlss st.'
JAMES COTTER. Agent on Hoffman ave..
has the keys.. - • - ¦
JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st.
UNIMPROVED lots In different parts cf the
city. JACOD HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st.
$5CC0 EACH— Two " elegant - 2-story • dwellings,
containing 9 rooms and bath. Just finished,
on the east side of -Masonic ave., 3 blocks
south of Halght st. Owner on premises, 1524
Masonic ave. : " '¦ _•=.'-.- ¦
$2000 — BARGAIN: cottage. 7 rooms -and bath:
lot 22x125; In the warm belt of the Mission; 2
1 llnefof cars. Apply to H. L. REA, 403 Wash-
lng *?ii____— — ________ ___1_1_____/
2 LOTS— $225 apiece; 25x100; 3 blocks from MIs-
sion-st. cars and 2 blocks from schoolhouse
., on China av». v Apply at 445 Valencia st. :--,,> -
NEW flats;- Panhandle- district;; paying 12 per.
_ cent net; best for the money in city. •- Owner,
, box 679. > Call off-— . .
BJg-A EyrAT_v~<an~r~-yoB, »ax~i.
01 D. BALDWIN * SON.
Vk MONTGOMERY BT.
to, BOO— Rents IXtOO par annmn; _—~snworth
and O"F_rreil sta.s large lot.
WSOO-LeAvwrworth gt- near OTarrtll; two-
storjr bout* 8 rooms and bath.
$13. 50O— Rants $1200 p«r annum : Valencia, best
business block on the street; fine 3-story build-
ing;, large store and 4 flats.
$8500— Sixteenth ¦ st. near Valencia: business
center; large lot.- 30x160 and good improvements;
2 stores and flats above; rent* $65.
$7500— Rents $780 per annum; I fine Cats on
north line of Pine, near Steiner; larga lot, U.ix
137:6; sun In every room.
$10,000— Sunny corner, 'Western Addition: two
flats. 7 and • rooms each; larga lot. 37:8x87:4;
finest in town; rents $90.
IBOOo— A fin* house for sal* In the Mission:
Fair Oaks st.. near Twenty-third ; large lot. 31
X125; house contains 10 rooms, porcelain bath,
latest open plumbing, furnace, stable, etc.; sun
in every room.
$9500— Rents $90 per month; t new modern flats
in the Western Addition; 6, 8 and 7 rooms;
everything up-to-date. ¦ ¦'¦¦?•;:
$1600— Nice level lot on east side of First ave..
near Washington st. ; 25x107; street accepted
and concrete sidewalks. : f v .
$25,000 — Large mansion of 20 rooms, and large
lot. 85x127:*. on Clay St.. near Van Ness ave.;
a bargain.
$15.00*-Elegant new residence of 10 rooms and
all the latest modern conveniences; on corner In
Panhandle district; lot 50x110.
$5500— A rare chance; nice 2-story bay-window
house; 8 rooms and bath; lot 25:8x115 to rear
street; Dorland st., nr. Guerrero; small amount
of cash; balance in monthly payments.
$40. COO— Rents $3000 per annum: grand prop-
erty on Polk st.; building nearly new; cost
$40,000 to build; 3 stores and lodging- house; con-
crete basement, sidewalk, elevators, etc.; 63:10
xl£3:6.
115,000— Large lot* 114x137:6, on water front;
under ground lease, which payu 5% per cent net.
O. D. BALDWIN _ SON.
22 Montgomery st.
LYOX & HOAG 114 Montgomery street.
MISSION WARM BELT.
$2.500— Nice cottage on Chattanooga, near 23d;
must be soil; mortgage $1600; lot 2."xll7-
to alley.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$o,000— Howard, near 2Oth; large cottage of S
rooms, etc.; great big lot 45xl_?V4; lot
alone worth the money.
BARGAIN ON MCALLISTER ST.
$3500— 3-etory building; flats; rent $35: let 25x
137:6: must be sold to close partnership
account: assessed value S356O. -
FILLit ORE-STREET COTTAGE.
$3000— Contains 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x87^;
commands flne marine view; mortgage
$1500 can remain.
AX ARTISTIC HOME.
Price reduced to $2.7:0 — Splendid new residence
containing 7 rooms, bath; finished base-
ment; large lot; overlooks Golden Gate
Park: $750 cash, balance $50 monthly.
NICE HOME ON SCOTT STREET.
$6,000— Between Sutter and Poet: contains 8
large room*, bath. etc.
*40O CASH; BALANCE $23 MONTHLY.
$3100— Handsome home on Castro St.. near
Twenty-third; contains 7 large room*,
bath and all conveniences; size lot.
25x105. ' •",.--'
$5,230 — Great snap; Presidio Heights residence;
modern ; contains 7 rooms, bath, etc. ;
lot 25 by over 100 feet; Clay st.; larga
mortgage can remain; this is a real
bargain in a swell, part of town.
$9.6OO—Rent $90: splendid new building: con-
tains 3 handsome fiats. 8 rooms and bath
each; all rented: choice location: noth-
ing better for the price, in the market.
$8,500— Rent $S0 50; always rented; 3 flats built
about 1 year ago: In growing Park Pan-
handle district; key Tot; ¦ splendid sun
and light: you could not buy a lot and
build for this amount of money.
LYOX & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
T..P. RIORDAN. REAL ESTATE AGKNT,
632 Market 8t.. Room „
$3,500—60x137:6: west side of Larkin st. near
Union; bltuminlzed ; grand view; must
be sold: make offer. :
$36,000— Fine large corner, fronting three street*,
with improvements: near City Hall; fine
investment; part cash, balance on 6 per
cent mortgage. . ¦ ' '
$13,500—80x75 f»et: flne improved corner; south
of Market st.. with fine improvements;
always rented: $1275 yearly; bargain.
$6,000—25x80 feet; north side of Minna St.. bet.
5th and 6th, with gocd impts.; rents $37;
this is a good speculation. ;. '¦ ¦ •
$15,000 — Beautiful corner residence of ' 18 rooms
and all modern Improvements; fine lo-
• cation: best bargain offered in the city. -
$25.000— Fine Investment on Mason .st.," near
O'Farrell; Improved. . • ¦
$57,500— Fine Improved business ocrner. paying
near $5C0. . •¦ ; ¦ • • ¦ . .
I have several fine corners south cf
Market st.: good investments; paying
well; great -bargains. ' . n
$13,600—55x120; Bush st...near Polk; with good
Improvements: must be sold: bargain.
Call and see me if you want .to .sell or buy.
T. P. RIORDAN'. 632 Market St.. .
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. •' .
CAN YOU SPARE $5 OR $10 A MONTH'
SELECT A GOOD LOT FROM US AT A V
BARGAIN. :.
$500 to $S0O— Incomparable Sunset Jots; graded.
$600 to $S50— Choicest Richmond lota; $1C>
monthly. ... ". •
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard !ots;- $5 monthly.
$100 to $150— Level lota, near" Mission electrl-r
• - cars; $5 monthly. ¦
$500 to $1000— Splendid cottages' near, cars; In-.
• 'stallments like rent. ¦*".-..
Branch offlee. Ninth ave.. near H if Open
every day and Sunday.: • ' ¦ •
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. ' . • '.
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate/and General- Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery, st. ;>u ;¦¦=;
Make offer — Northeast corner Twanty-seventh
and Douglass sts.: must be'sold: 80x114 feet.
$1600— North line Carl St.. near Stanyan; S5x
137:8 feet. '
IF you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. 530 California st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 paepp. In wrapper. fr>r -mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY For Stile
G.'~Hr^MlisEN~&~COT~ ---•"-¦—
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$4,000—27 acres 5 blocks from depot at Liver-
more. Alameda County; 20 acres in al-
.monds. 5 acres apricots: 411 under cul-
tivation; well watered.
$4,500—12 acres in town of Pleasanton; ail lrt
fruit: good buildings; will exchange for
* city or suburban property.
$15 per acre — 1250 acres 4 miles from Wil-
lows. Glenn County, all under cultiva-
tion: good buildings; fenced and well
watered; will exchange for suburban
property.
$4,C0(>— 450 acres near Cloverdale: 100 acres un-
• der cultivation; new house and good
buildings; will exchange for Berkeley
property only.
$7,500— S5 acres near Callstoga; nearly all under
cultivation and in fruit: good building*:
will" exchange for city or suburban
property.
$i,750— SO acres near Napa; 12 acres in full-
bearirtg orchard, balance rood farm
land; good house, barn and outbuild-
ings; will exchange for suburban prop-
erty. •
$2,600—5 acres 3 miles from San Jose; all In
fruit; good buildings; near school; will
exchange for nice place In Alameda
only. ¦ • '
$3.0CO cash— 40 acres near Campbell. Santa.
Clara County, all in fruit, vines and
grain; good house and buildings.
$i,!;00— 7H acres in Santa Clara County, all In
. fruit: large house: will exchange for
something in the Mission.
1C5 acres 6 miles from Santa Rosa: one
of the best ranches in Sonoma County;
also a good residence in Santa Rosa;
will exchange one or both for good San
Francisco residence and pay or assume
the difference; desires property worth
about $15,W0.
$14,000—350 acres: 2C« acres bottom land; 150
•. • acres upland; not far from Stockton;
good improvements.
We have a large list of San Joaquln and
Glenn County bargains, ranging in value from
$1000 to $20,000. Write us for what you want.
"We have ranchen to rent.
We have ranches to exchange for city or
suburban property.
We have city and suburban property to ex-
change for ranch property.
The above gives but a partial list of our bar-
gains. Call and see us.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
Country Department.
It. S. BROWNE. Manager, 14 Montgomery at.
A— $1100— MOUNTAIN farm of 160 acres; cow. 2
horses; 1H acres orchard, 13 years old:, good
house; plenty water. Inquire at 503 Calif or-
nla St., room 219. .
FOJ5 sale— In Santa Clara Valley. 13 acres
choice strawberry land.' with flowing well."
-Address box 8. Los Gatoa. Cal.
FOR lands in Pajaro Valley send to R. p.
QUIN. Watsonville; no such thing as failure
of crops and one of .the. beat and largest ap-
ple ? producers In the State. Send for cata-
logue: . . .--;.'¦¦ '
HALF Interest In fine ranch near Watsonvlllo;
want party to move on place. .< Owner, * box
iSSL Call of flea.
REAL ESTATE-— -COU3rrRT-—iroy SsU*
ATTENTION. HOMESKKK-KSt . ' ¦
- W* ar* subdividing one of th» finest piece*
of orchard land in the ftmotu Santa. Cla— •
Valley, known as the San Martin ranch.. T4
Riles from San Francisco, on th« main Un#;
2 trains daily; railroad station on tbo placa;
town of San Martin part of the property w lt_
Its fSOOO schoolhoase; surrounded by beautiful
orchard homes; will mU In tracts to suit apoa
payment of 23 per cent down." balance at f.p«r
cent net; will refund far* to buyer: maps and
photos at office; wj have mada arrangements
with the railroad company to sell excursion
tickets on Sunday for « 50 for round trip; car*
leave Third and Townsend sts. 9 «. m.. bsvck
In city at 4:10 p. m., giving 3 hours on ranch:
free carriages: our Mr. Bush will accompany
buyers each Sunday: tickets, Saturday to Vosv-
day. 13. DAVID BtSH A SON. 14 Pert yt.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. sells s__
exchanges farms, city property;, printed ttsta.
H AN a.; 100O or 6000 acre stock farma. . ¦ •
Bend for full printed description*. „. .*
....9CO small farms in parts of this Scat*...,
....Circulars free. Tell me what- you want.._>
MAHlOy ORIFFiy. 719 Market St.
SAJT MATEO. T ' ~ "¦••'" ":
: RESTDEXCES. • ¦ ' ' '.'¦'¦¦ -,*'
•-. i RESIDENCE LOT8. .' : . :
Pamj, Orazinir and Marsh Tien&s. ' ,'. •
McAFBE BROS.. 103 Montgomery St.. B. T.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. 7^-W to |S0 per.
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sUe«; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches; hay; gram,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOltB AND
FARM CO.. rocm 2. 8th floor; MUIs bldg.. &.BV
RANCH at Orinda Park. Contra. Coeta Coun-
ty; 10 miles from Oakland; 125 acre* ; «) acres
. ready for plowing: small orchard; . balanc*
pasture; good house, barn; fenced 1 • school.-
church, postofflce. GEORGE 8ANDOW, U
Nevada block, city* " .' ¦ :
ACCURATE knowledge, each of tha.JGOO puwH-
es on my sale and exchanga ll«t— more than
•11 other SKei.ts in city: state whafa wanted.
X. P. SICKELS. the Land Agent. « Gery s— ,
ItEAL ESTATE TO KXCIIA.NGK.
FOR exchange— Only 2 blocks from UalrewltT
grounds; an ideal boarding-house of 13 rooms-.
In thoroughly good condition; win exchange
equity for country property. Apply to MA-
SON & McLENATHBN, adjolnfns; P. a,
Berkeley station^ "
$3000— 150 ACRES, Improved: Sonoma Gwrntyj
¦ exchange for city home; ail tuxulshadt
stocked. E. E. BUNCE, 953 Broadwav. Oakld.
NEW -ottage. 6 rms.. bath: lot SOxlOO: Mission;
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS! ""
I1C00— Larga lot with 7-room house, bttwtea
narrow and broad gauge railroads; street work
done; near school; great bargain.
EAST TERMS.
$1400— Lot 64x123. with 6-rocm cottars; on maia
avenue; great snao. . -
$2400— Fine 2-story hou3e of 7 room* and bath:
Alameda, ave.; near station and school; term*
to suit. . - ' ' ;:." . - - .
$2700-Lot 45x150 ; flne. well-built modern
house, 7 rooms and bath; on main avesae; near
trains, electric cars and school; easy terms.
$3000— Lot 33x118; elegant ' g-room modern
house; good location: near station and school;
will- sell on. any terms and no reasonable offer
refused; see this snap 'at once. ..'. ... V;
$3500— Lot 40x150; on Broadway, near Santa
Clara ave. ; new up-to-date house, 8 room*, and
bath; line- location; on 89- foot street. '. .
$4K0— Lot 60x140; 10 rooms; $-00 cash, balance
$33 per month.. • . \ -. ¦
$6C00^-Lot 50x207 :«; 10 rooms and barn; Central
ave.; snap. ' "¦ • " '
$6000— Lot 100x200; 11 rooms and barn; $1000
cash, balance on flat loan; worth $12,000; great*
est snap. . '
$7500— Lot. 90x130; 9-room residence with barn;
on main avenue; best location in Alameda.
¦ Houses- to let in all parts of Alameda. '¦ ' -.
1L P. MOREAL A CO..
1422 Park St.. Al— racd*.
A FEW MORE BARGAINS THIS WEEK.
An elegrant 2-story modern house, with all
latest improvements; on Central' ave., in th«
best part of the city; flowers and fruit trees:
large lot; must be sold, and will b# sacrificed
for $2350 on easy terms. This is a great chanca
to get a '...'¦¦' •.¦.¦•-,•
. . -. : CHEAP HOME.
A. new Colonial cottage; large lot; near Coast-
nut-st. station; $2600. •-.- •• '. • .
ALSO . ' ¦ . '¦¦ -
Flna building- lot on cne of ¦ the - principal
streets, close. to Morton-st. station, $350.
f Houses built, rented and exchanged. Terms
on all the above made suitable t-> purchasers.
• ALAMEDA LAND COMPAJTl*.
1500 Park ttt.. Alameda. and 20 Post st. 8. F.
Offlee open Sundays and. evenings. . ¦ .
$1850— NETV* cottage of 5 rooms; lot 43x138. N«r—
cottage « rooms, J210O: terms. ¦ New hous« S
¦ rooms. $3*?f>. ¦ .
If you want to build, buy. sell or exchange
property call on J. H. - TOUXQ, '1243 Park St.
$1200— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms, bath
; and floored basement; cefnent sidewalks; lot
25x145: one block from business, street of. city.
Inquire 2303 Clement ave.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAX. ESTATE.
j3C0_$iC5 CASH, balance $12 per month; fine 5-
room bay-window .cottagre, brick foundation;
on sunny side of street; bank: loaned $1200 on
thss place; 2 blocks to cars. W. C. MORAN.
$1300— $300 CASH, balance $12 per month; this
place sold for $2CC0; bank loaned $1400: bay-
. window cottage of 5 large rooms, double par-
lars,. flne mantel, high basement, brick foun-
' d at ion; 1 block to cars; good-neighborhood; 4
days to sell this place in. W. C. UORAN.
$3500— NEW 8-room house, double parlors, nat-
ural wood dtnlng-room, fln« mantel, sideboard,
- etc., poreclain- bath: cement sidewalk all
.. around place; lot 50x133; 3 blocks to- train; 5
minutes' walk to university; only $3C0 cash.
balance $40 per month; place -will rent for
more than this; bank loaned $3CC0 on this
place. W. C. MORJLN, Lortn Station. Berke-
ley.
7-ROOM bouse and bath; hot and cold water:
street sewered and macadamized; concrete'
sidewalk; lot 40x135; one block from local
trains or street cars: price $1300, $3)0 down,
balance $17 per month.
New cottage of S rooms, pantry, bath, elec-
tric light; 3 blocks from trains and one block
from street cars; price $1500. $100 down, bal-
ance $17 per month, or will build on desirable
lot to suit on same terms.
Take Berkeley train, get oft at. Lorla Sta-
tion, ask for RUDOLPH. PERKINS. &
LYON; open Sundays.
$1500—6 LOTS. Just suitable for chicken ranch:
near school house and electric railroad; a
positive bargain. '
$20CO~New house of < room«: street macad-
amised; electric cars pass the door.
$2DC0— New bouse of 5 rooms: all latest Im-
provements: street macadamized; cement
walks, etc.; near University.
Apply to MASON & McLENATHEN, ad-
Joining P. O.. Berkeley station.
LOOK— Six lots, 40x135 feet each: splendid loex-
tk>n; level: near local trains; East Berkeley;
only $1000; a snao.
I will buy a lot and build a house to suit
you on installments. In Berkeley, Oakland,
Fruitvale or San Francisco. H. B. PtNNKY.
I opp. local station, Berkeley.
$1100— I/OT 50x100; cottage, house, 5 good rooms:
high basement; chicken yard and house: small
barn: $100 down, balance aa resit. H. D.
IRWTN. Jx>r«n Station.
JlSOft-NEW modern cottage. 6' good rooms,
bath, hall., pantry, etc. : high basement, brick
foundation: lexa than one block from station;
easy terms. H. D. IRWIN. Lorln Station.
$30— HANDSOME furnished cottage. 7 rooms;
stable. 1345 Blake st.. cor. Grove. E. Berkeley.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. .
FOR SALE BY II. A. PLEITNER. ~" ~~~~
$6Cff— Cottage of 6 rooms, chicken houne and
yard; city water; lot S0xlC3; one block from
electric cars.
$850— Coxy cottage of 3 rooms and bath. 7-ft.
basement: stable: shed; S chicken houses; 13
fruit trees In bearing; fins well; windmill and
tank: lot IZxlOO; all fenced; easy terms U
desired. •
$1060— For sale In East Oakland, eottag* of
5 rooms and bath: high basement, barn and
chicken house*; street work and cement sid*>
walk all complete: largo lot; 20- foot alley U
rear; this is a bargain.
$1100— $100 ca3h. balance same as rent, wit!
buy a modem- cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
basement, etc.; stable: good well; lot 50x146;
one block from electric cars.
$1700— Cottage of 5 rooms and cath, basement,
etc - 3 chicken houses; 2C0 chickens; choice
fruit trees In bearing; lot 60x230 ; only 4 blocks
from electric cars.
«-><?50__j{ew modern cottage of » rooms; por-
celain bath; fine mantel; 7-foot basement; all
floored- barn, etc.: lot 100x175; fine location.
Chicken ranch of m acres; good house of 4
rooms- barn; 10 chicken houses; good well,
windmill and tank; for rent at *12 per month.
Stock and fixtures for sale, consisting of 450
chickens. lar?e brooder house. 2 Incubators, 9
cMcken ccops, fencing, etc. For particulars
apt Jy to H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvalo station.
Cal. '
For, Additional Classified Adrerttie-
ments See Page Thirty.Musical Services.
The monthly musical service of Slnjp
son Memorial Church. Hayes and Buch
anan streets, will be given this' evenlrV
A splendid programme has been arranged
by I. E. Blake, the. director, consistin-
of solos, duets, quartets, choruses for mafe
voices and choruses for full choir Sav
eral of the great oratorios are represent*^
by som&of their strongest numberaT^
Fruit and Flower Mission Thankful.
The San Francisco Fruit and Flower
Mission, through its president. Miss Wal
lij!, desires to thank its many friends who
gave donations of various kinds for
Thanksgiving. It wa3 the intention of the
ladies to respond by letter to each of the
contributors, but many of the bundles
came without cards. Therefore those who
do not receive notes of acknowledgment
may know that it Is through no fault or
negligence "of the mission, but because
the cards have been lost. ;
' ¦ » « s
The Soldiers' Friends.
Seven Pines Circle, No. 3, Ladies of the
Grand Army, one of the local organiza
tions composed of ladles who " are ; the
friends of the old soldiers who- fough"t In
the war. of the rebellion,, and. who are in
need of assistance In 'the days of their
decline, will give a fishpond party and
dance ¦ In the social hall of the Alcazar
building on the evening of Thursday' next.
This will be to help swell the fund to pro
cure Christmas cheer for the old warriors,
who are no longer able to fight the battle
of llfv
SACRAMENTO RIVER, AT JELLTS FERKT.
Following Is a statement of the .esthnatecj
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
per. second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's inches, or about
49 Colorado miner's inchea. The figures ar*
from J. B. Llpplncott, hydrographer of tha
United States Geological Survey:
Flow of Rivers.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped, at exactly noon to-day—
i. e:. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time. • - s
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 9. N.. in charse.'
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., SIer
chants' Exchange. San Francisttv Cal.,
December 1. 1900.. • ' . • \
Water, Front Notes.
The British ship Flintshire that was
dismasted off the coast and came back
here In distress, Is once more in the
stream. Her cargo of wheat has been re
stowed and Just as soon aa new masts and
yards can be put in her she will sail again
for Europe. 1
There was an enormous amount of work
done on the Oceanic wharf yesterday. Tha
steamer Zealandla: is loading for Hono
lulu, while the Australia is taking, on
freight for. Tahiti. In consequence there
was a string of wagons reaching from Pa
ciflc street, to Market street during- -tha
whole afternoon. All the goods were taken
care of, however, : and both steamers will
get away on schedule time.
NEWS OS THE OCEAN.
MAtters of Interest to Mariners and
. Shipping Merchants. - :
The Durham \ loads wheat at .Taeoroa' for
Europe,' 35s, prior to. arrival ; j the : Eaton Hall,
wheat at Tacoma for West Coast, \ owners' ac
count ;' .the', G." "W. Watson, merchandise at this
port for Santa Roealla; the H.~D.' Bendixseo.
lumber on Puget Sound for Sydney, 52s Cd; Mel
bourne or Adelaide, 60aj • Port Pirie, ' 88s 9d.
prior. to arrival; the Pax, wheat at Portland
to Europe; the Philippine, lumber at Grays
Harbor tor B&nta Rosalia, -prior to arrival; ths
there was one interesting passenger. She
Is a Chinese girl wh» came up here as
nurse to an army officer's wife. The of
ficer thought he had pull enough to get
her ashore, but he failed and Uncle
Sam has sent her back to China at the
officer's expense. There was some mourn
ing In the officer's household, 'but there
was none of his family down to bid the
Chinese girl bon voyage.
The Meade took away 194 recruits, 22
women and 11 children and 3 femalo
nurses and 5 army officers m the cabin. -
On the Aztec there was a full load of
oats, bran and hay, 430 mules, 20 horses
and 46 attendants.
The Aztec will go by the way of Hono
lulu and Guam, while the Meade will
make only one stop during the run to
Manila.
CZAR'S CHEW IS DROWNED.
Steamer City of • Sydney Reports
Schooner Capsized Off Central
American* Coast.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamer
City of Sydney arrived from Panama and
way ports yesterday. Shebringrs about
the last load of cargo that will cross the
Isthmus under the Mall Company's con
tract and there will be no hurry to send
her back to Central America until the
rate war that began yesterday is settled.
The officers of the Sydney report that
when in San Bias the schooner Czar was
said to be off the coast bottom up and
with two anchors down. All hands were
reported drowned and ¦ the crew of the
Sydney think that llie vessel capsized
while riding out a gale. This news con
firms the telegram received by Captain
William Olson and published In The Call
several days ago. ..•
The officers of the Sydney further report
that the Lena Sweasy was at San Bias
and ready to sail. This schooner Is owned
by the same people whq owned the Czar.
children, while the other carried a large
cargo of mules and supplier
On the Meade, which sailed about noon.
Two transports got away for Manila
yesterday. One of them carried a few
recruits and a number of women and
Chinese Girl Brought Over by an Officer's
Wife as Servant Sent Home Again
at Army Man's Expense.
Torrisdale. wheat on Puget Sound. for Europe.
47s 6d. prior to arrival.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRI\ r ED.
Saturday, December 1.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, 53 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 45H hours.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean. 21 days 5 hours
from Panama. ,
Stmr Lakme, Bchage. 47 hours from Ventura.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. 40 hour* from Port
Los An~eles.
Stmr L>el Norte, Allen. 7 days 18 hours from
Portland, via Coos Bay.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield. 77 ho%rrs from
Seattle.
U S stmr Thomas, Buford. 30 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki IS days.
Bktn Wrestler, Nielsen, l'H days from Ma
hukona.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, 47 hours from
Ventura.
Schr James A Garfleld, Rinturn, 12 days from
Grays Harbor. " " ¦
Schr Glen, Johnson, S days from Byxbees
Landing.
CLEARED.
Saturday, December 1.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall, Victoria; Goodal'
Perkins & Co.
Stmr San Mateo. Fletcher, Nanaimo; P I Co.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan, Eareka; Chai
Nelson.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle; Goodall
I'erkins & Co.
Br stmr .Warfleld, Pattle, Chemalnus; R
Dunsmuir's Bons Co. -
Bark Amy Turner, Warland. Hllo; Welca
& Co.
Bark Roderick Dhu. Johnson. IIllo; J t>
S^reckels St Bros Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, December L
Stmr Cxarina, Seaman. Seattle.
Stmr Geo T/Oomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent CltT
Stmr Pronreso, Monroe, Tacoma,
Stmr WestDort. Ericsson. .
Stmr Jeanie, Mason. Seattle.
.Stmr North Fork. McLellan, Eureka.
I Stmr Aztec, Trask, Honolulu and Manila.
' Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino
Stmr Greenwood, Faeerlund. Greenwood
Stmr Iaqua, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Willamette, Kansen. Seattle.
H B M stmr Icarus, Knowllnsf, Panama
Schr Newark. Beck, Bowens Landing
Schr Volunteer. Bressem. Wlllapa Harbor*
Schr Lizzie Prien. Hansen. Sluslaw River
•Schr Berwick. Peterson, Coqullle Rive- *
SPOKEN.
Auff 1. lat 8 53 N. Ion 22 21 W— Br ship Ben
Dearjr. from Tyne. for Santa Rosalia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 1, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity S miles m^ YYeatne ' >
DOMESTIC POHTS
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed up Dec 1— eu-h,.
H I> Bendlxsen. P ±Jeo x — S<*r
Arrived Dec 1-Stmn Centennial anl s» n »«
Ana, from Nome; ship Chaa E Moody t™£
Honolulu, for Tacomay «ooay. from
galled Dec 1-Schr Annie M Campbell, for
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Dec 1— Sehr TVi-,
Bluhm. from Port Townsend. r Dora
Dec 1-Schr Golden Shore, from Port
Townsend. * orl
SEAp'LE-Arrlved Dec 1-Stmr City of To
peka. from Dyea: ship Oriental, hence Nov N
Nov 30— JaD stmr Idzumi Maru. from Yoko-
Sailed Nov 30— Stmr Aloha, for Unnin.tro
Dec 1-Schr A M Baxter, for Honolufu •
Stlmson, for San Pedro. ' m:aT
. Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Centennial, from Nome
stmr Santa Ana, from Nome, In tow ofiSfi
Centennial. >unr
Sailed Deo 1— Stmr South. Portland. r-»r Kan
Francisco. . ean
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 1— Schr Oeddontoi
from San Pedro. . accidental.
Sailed Dec 1— Stmra Pomona and Santa. Tiar
bara and schr Mary Buhne. for San FraneSJ"
schr Mabel Gray, for San Die»oT '
SOTJTH BBND-Arrlved Dec I-Stmr Rival
hence Nov 2S. «»•».
Cilyf!o7t?n T p^ro ed ?? l ~ Btm * *«**
tu^ A f^1^r?or 1^SSe^ Br "^ Ktn -
Pawed out Dec 1-Oer bark Pallus. from Pu
get Bound for West Coast South America; g c hr
Annie M Campbell, from Wbatcom, for Pisco -
MEADE AND AZTEC SAIL
FOR THE PHILIPPINES
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE,
N*OTE-In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the lest
hand column and the «accessive tidaa. of th»
day in tha order of occurrence aa to tlma or
day, th« third time column the third, tlda ana
the last or right hand column gives the lasc
tide of the day, except when there. are- but
three tides, as sometime* occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the.
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, aad
then the number given Is subtracted from tha;
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer -
ence is the mean of the lower low waters. .¦ ¦
United States Coast and Geodetic 8*™>J-
Tlmes and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance t<> San
Francisco Bay. Published by offlclal.au
thority of the Superintendent. „_¦,,,.
NOTE-The high and low waters i occnr aT th«
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
nve minutes later than at Fort Point: «»
height of tide Is tha sarr.a at both places.
Sun, Hoon and Tide.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Dee .1— Stmr
Kinshiu Maru. from Seattle. : .1__^,. TJ .
GENOA— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Fuerst Bia-
m Sailed f NOT 'zStmJ'kaiser WHhelm.il. fdr
N LrVERPOOL--Sa!led Dec 1-Stmr Georstc. for
New York: stmr Lucanla, for New. York.,-.
BREMEN— Sailed Nov 30— Stmr Trier, for
N^NTWERP— Sailed Deo 1— Stmr Sonihwark.
f °HAyRE^°Salle<l Dec 1-Etmr ' La Brttaffne;
f '(CHERBOURG— Sailed Deo 1— Stmr .New. York,
from Southampton, for X»w York".' - ¦-"
NEW YORK-Arrtved Dec l-rf 1 ™^. 15 "? 1 ??
from Liverpool: stmr Patricia from Kamburg,
Sailed Dec 1-Stmr Statendam for Rotter
dam: stmr Ckmr-nia. for UwioJ: ¦££££*
neapolls. for London: stmr Cap Fri^for Ham
burg: stmr Californian. for Glassow; •tmr
W>rra. for Genoa and Naples. ..-. -.-.
OCEAN - STEAMERS.
ACAPXTLCO— Arrived Nov 2WStmr Newport,
hence Nov- 1?, and sailed Nov 30, tor Panama;
stmr Earracouta, for PanaJna. • . ' „ v
SAN MARCOS ISLAND-Palled Xo* 24-rSchr
W F Wltzemann, for San Francisco^ •
NANAIMO— Sailed Nov *3- Stmr .Washtenaw.
Nov 30— Stmr Mlneola, for San Francisco.- : -
SAN BLAS— Sailed Nov 21— Schr Lena Swea
¦ey. for Grays Ilarhcr. : • •• •
MAZATLAN'— Arrived Xov 28— BrU Pltcairn*
from Fort Bragg. . - ¦- '-'-i. ' .
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 30— Br stmr Ern
pr«sa of Japan,, from. Vancouver. "• -. - ra
PLYMOUTH— Arrived .Nov 3i>— Br s>is> Shan
don, from Seattle. . . " .' -' ¦ —
DCNGENiESS— Passed Xov 30-Br ship Eura
sia, from Hamburg, for San Franeisco. - y /
FALMOTTiH— Sailed Nov 30-^Br ship King
David, for Hull. -
FOREIGN PORTS
bark Fresno, from Port Gamble, for San Fran
cisco: bark Coryphene. from Port Hadlock. for
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 30-Schr I*? 0 "*^
hence Nov 23. Dec 1-Stmr Geo w EMer,
hence Nov 29; Ger ship Ellbek. from Antwerp.
Fr bark Louis" P»st<?ur. from Dunkirk..
NEWPORT BEACH— Sailed Dec 1— Schr Ber
tha Dolbeer. for Grays Harbor. ,11_».
COOS BAY^-Arrlved Dec . 1— Stmr Arcata.
hence Nov 25. .: . ."!»•_'*
POINT RRYES— Passed r*c 1. at 4:30 n m—
Stmr Pasadcr-a. frcm Eureka, tor Sa». Pedro.
THE SAJST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900.
SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2.
TO SAIL.
30
8ua rises ..
Sun sets ...
Moon »«ts ..
......,....T:OT
.4:51
.......1:43 m.. to.
a Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
S L. W H W L W H W
"l I 0:52 2.0 7:» «.O J:15 0.1 *:M 4.1
8. 1:46 2.1 8U2 «.3 8:09-0.5 10:01 4.4
4 S-JS 2.6 8:57 6.8 8:59 -4.9 U;00 4,»
6.': S. : » 2.9 9:41 «.5 4:47-1.1 11:57 4.J
6... 4:14 I.I 10:36 8.5 5:34 — I.S ....^. .,...
T f 0-43 4.7 5:04 3.2 11:12 «.4 t:«0 — 1.1
8 ' 1 30 4-9 6:53 3.2 11:59 6.0 7:05 -0.3
Steamer. I From. . • Due.
Queen -[San Diego & Way Ports D-»e. 2
Bonlta [Newport and Way Ports Dec. 3
Pomona [Eureka ...'..|Deov 2
Santa Barbara. IHumboldt ,-...|.Dec. 2
Umatilla > Victoria * f*-jget Soundrl>ec. 3
Victoria [Oyster Harbor...... ......ID«c- 3
AVaahter.aw jNanaimo IDec. 3
South Portland'Seanl* ...., Dec. 4
Areata iCoos Bay Dec. 4
Eureka [Humboldt '. Dec. £
Mlr.eola JNanaimo....;. ............. Dec. 5
Corona ......... Newport.... Dec. 5
Geo. W. Elder. Portland ,,..... Deo. . «
Point Arena... Point Arena ,. Dec. 8
Crescent City.. Cresc#nt City Dec. rt
Mandalay Coqullle River.... Dec. 6
Santa Rosa ...iSan Dlepo O«o. *
City Rio de JanlChlr.a and Japan. ........ Dec. 7
North Fork ...[HumbolJt : ;„. Dec. 7
Newburgr 'Grays Harbor.... i.. Dec. 7
Rival IWIUapa. : Dec. S
City of Para...jNew York via. PanairiajDec. S
Hathor ....' Hamburg via. Callao.. -iDec. S
City of Puebla; Victoria & Puget SoundjDeG. 3
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
i ; ! _____
Walla WalliVlc & Pgt Sd. Deo. 2. 11 am;Pier 9
Santa Rosa! San D'.ego Dec. S. 9 am Pier IV
Eureka IHumbqldt Dec. 2. 9 amlPier V.'-
Zealandla .. {Honolulu. .....|Dee. 3, 2 pmtPter 7
Samoa ......|Humboldt iDeo. 4. 10 am[Pier 3
Australia ..(Tahiti. A Dec-. 4, . 4 ptnlPier T
Columbia ..Portland •. Dec 4. 11 am Pier 21
Bqnlta iNswrort.- Dec' 4,. SamiPlerll
Pomoni ...[Humboldt Dec. 4, 2 pm'Ptcr 9
Del Norte..|Portrd-&C.B. Dec. 4. Sam|Pier2))
Queen JSan Diego....'. Dec. 6. 9 am'Pier 11
J. Klmball Seattle .Dec. 5 ; 5 pm Pier 2
Mexico .....Mexico Dec. 5. 12 m Pier 27
Arcata Coos Bay Dec. 6. 19 am ;Pler IS
Nip. Maru. China &Japan', Dec. 6. 1 pm'PMSS
Um_.tllla .. Vic & Pgt Sd: Dec. 7, 11 am Pier 9
Curacao ...Mexico Dec. 7, 19 am Pier 11
Corona Newport (Dec. 7/9 am Pier H
City Sidn'yiN. T. v, Pan.lDec. 8, 12 m PMS3
Pt. Arena. . I Point Arena. .{Dec. 8. 2 ptn Pier 3
Mandalay JCcq-ille IUv..|D«o. 8. ....... Pier 2
North Fork|Humboldt jDoc. 10^ 9 am Pier 3
¦ I Second Fppt
. ¦ 1 aecona v cet.
DATE. ¦ . ,
I ISM. 1900.
November 13... 13,700 13.100
November 19 ....' 14.GC0 8.630
November 20 , 10,430 7.530
November 21 / 14 ; 90O. 28.4CO
November 22 ; " 15.800 . 11.900
November"23 12.2C0 ¦ 9.2c'>0
November a> ..:....-. 10.400 8.Q70
STANISLAUS RTVER AT OAKDAlS *
1 I Second Feet.
DATE. I
I 1S39. -I 19C0.
» — "• ~~—
— ¦ : ¦
November 18 . 135 . »70
November 13 1720 1120
November 20 1549 1430
November 21 ; 12C0 S90S
November 22 , 1923 5142
November 23 1340 '4377
November 24... „.. . 1200 ' 2130
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet. I •
DATE. — . — : ilh'gCo. Total
1S39. 1. 15C0.; Canal. .19C0. .
— — — — — — • - T ¦ f
Nov. IS 3812 2.900 10 2.910
Nov. 19 3614- 2.2S5 13 • 2.2U5
Nov. 20 3124 14.440 10 14,450
Nov. 21 2614 • H,2U> ' 10 ll.2~J)
Nov. 22 3363." 8,350 • 10 8,370
Nov. 23.. 312J 8.610 • ! 10 • 8.620
Nov. 24 3SS4 . 3.1C0 10 5,110
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
B&MKEBt' ¦ ¦ Second Feet.
DATE. . .'• .- _
.• U99. . . 1900.
November IS •• ,.. .. 955. 1,950!
November ID ...•• 715' . . 1,471)
November 20 :... .' 59i). -1,47\>
November 21 ¦ 590. I.913
November 22 ».., ;• 530 2O.7SO
Movetnber 23 .-..».« ¦: 745 8.070
November 24 •• 640. 3,SSi
• -««____ ¦ ~ —
KIXGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
¦ , I " 1S3 3. { 1DC0. ¦
November 13..... :.. • 7S0 • . C7<$
November 13 '• .' 675 ; cii ¦
November 20 • .572 • &;*
November 21. ¦--.» '.. 624 IS.eoo
November 22-- ¦ 7W> S.920 '
November 23 876 1,930
November "i 621 i,&tf
¦ I Second Fppt
. ¦ 1 aecona v cet.
DATE. ¦ . ,
I ISM. 1900.
November 13... 13,700 13.100
November 19 ....' 14.GC0 8.630
November 20 , 10,430 7.530
November 21 / 14 ; 90O. 28.4CO
November 22 ; " 15.800 . 11.900
November"23 12.2C0 ¦ 9.2c'>0
November a> ..:....-. 10.400 8.Q70
STANISLAUS RTVER AT OAKDAlS *
1 I Second Feet.
DATE. I
I 1S39. -I 19C0.
» — "• ~~—
— ¦ : ¦
November 18 . 135 . »70
November 13 1720 1120
November 20 1549 1430
November 21 ; 12C0 S90S
November 22 , 1923 5142
November 23 1340 '4377
November 24... „.. . 1200 ' 2130
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet. I •
DATE. — . — : ilh'gCo. Total
1S39. 1. 15C0.; Canal. .19C0. .
— — — — — — • - T ¦ f
Nov. IS 3812 2.900 10 2.910
Nov. 19 3614- 2.2S5 13 • 2.2U5
Nov. 20 3124 14.440 10 14,450
Nov. 21 2614 • H,2U> ' 10 ll.2~J)
Nov. 22 3363." 8,350 • 10 8,370
Nov. 23.. 312J 8.610 • ! 10 • 8.620
Nov. 24 3SS4 . 3.1C0 10 5,110
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
B&MKEBt' ¦ ¦ Second Feet.
DATE. . .'• .- _
.• U99. . . 1900.
November IS •• ,.. .. 955. 1,950!
November ID ...•• 715' . . 1,471)
November 20 :... .' 59i). -1,47\>
November 21 ¦ 590. I.913
November 22 ».., ;• 530 2O.7SO
Movetnber 23 .-..».« ¦: 745 8.070
November 24 •• 640. 3,SSi
• -««____ ¦ ~ —
KIXGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
¦ , I " 1S3 3. { 1DC0. ¦
November 13..... :.. • 7S0 • . C7<$
November 13 '• .' 675 ; cii ¦
November 20 • .572 • &;*
November 21. ¦--.» '.. 624 IS.eoo
November 22-- ¦ 7W> S.920 '
November 23 876 1,930
November "i 621 i,&tf
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
i ; ! _____
Walla WalliVlc & Pgt Sd. Deo. 2. 11 am;Pier 9
Santa Rosa! San D'.ego Dec. S. 9 am Pier IV
Eureka IHumbqldt Dec. 2. 9 amlPier V.'-
Zealandla .. {Honolulu. .....|Dee. 3, 2 pmtPter 7
Samoa ......|Humboldt iDeo. 4. 10 am[Pier 3
Australia ..(Tahiti. A Dec-. 4, . 4 ptnlPier T
Columbia ..Portland •. Dec 4. 11 am Pier 21
Bqnlta iNswrort.- Dec' 4,. SamiPlerll
Pomoni ...[Humboldt Dec. 4, 2 pm'Ptcr 9
Del Norte..|Portrd-&C.B. Dec. 4. Sam|Pier2))
Queen JSan Diego....'. Dec. 6. 9 am'Pier 11
J. Klmball Seattle .Dec. 5 ; 5 pm Pier 2
Mexico .....Mexico Dec. 5. 12 m Pier 27
Arcata Coos Bay Dec. 6. 19 am ;Pler IS
Nip. Maru. China &Japan', Dec. 6. 1 pm'PMSS
Um_.tllla .. Vic & Pgt Sd: Dec. 7, 11 am Pier 9
Curacao ...Mexico Dec. 7, 19 am Pier 11
Corona Newport (Dec. 7/9 am Pier H
City Sidn'yiN. T. v, Pan.lDec. 8, 12 m PMS3
Pt. Arena. . I Point Arena. .{Dec. 8. 2 ptn Pier 3
Mandalay JCcq-ille IUv..|D«o. 8. ....... Pier 2
North Fork|Humboldt jDoc. 10^ 9 am Pier 3
Steamer. I From. . • Due.
Queen -[San Diego & Way Ports D-»e. 2
Bonlta [Newport and Way Ports Dec. 3
Pomona [Eureka ...'..|Deov 2
Santa Barbara. IHumboldt ,-...|.Dec. 2
Umatilla > Victoria * f*-jget Soundrl>ec. 3
Victoria [Oyster Harbor...... ......ID«c- 3
AVaahter.aw jNanaimo IDec. 3
South Portland'Seanl* ...., Dec. 4
Areata iCoos Bay Dec. 4
Eureka [Humboldt '. Dec. £
Mlr.eola JNanaimo....;. ............. Dec. 5
Corona ......... Newport.... Dec. 5
Geo. W. Elder. Portland ,,..... Deo. . «
Point Arena... Point Arena ,. Dec. 8
Crescent City.. Cresc#nt City Dec. rt
Mandalay Coqullle River.... Dec. 6
Santa Rosa ...iSan Dlepo O«o. *
City Rio de JanlChlr.a and Japan. ........ Dec. 7
North Fork ...[HumbolJt : ;„. Dec. 7
Newburgr 'Grays Harbor.... i.. Dec. 7
Rival IWIUapa. : Dec. S
City of Para...jNew York via. PanairiajDec. S
Hathor ....' Hamburg via. Callao.. -iDec. S
City of Puebla; Victoria & Puget SoundjDeG. 3
8ua rises ..
Sun sets ...
Moon »«ts ..
......,....T:OT
.4:51
.......1:43 m.. to.
a Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
S L. W H W L W H W
"l I 0:52 2.0 7:» «.O J:15 0.1 *:M 4.1
8. 1:46 2.1 8U2 «.3 8:09-0.5 10:01 4.4
4 S-JS 2.6 8:57 6.8 8:59 -4.9 U;00 4,»
6.': S. : » 2.9 9:41 «.5 4:47-1.1 11:57 4.J
6... 4:14 I.I 10:36 8.5 5:34 — I.S ....^. .,...
T f 0-43 4.7 5:04 3.2 11:12 «.4 t:«0 — 1.1
8 ' 1 30 4-9 6:53 3.2 11:59 6.0 7:05 -0.3
ROOMS TO LET— ¦gnni. and Unforn.
LARK IX. 81»% — Sunny- furnished room, suita-
ble for gentleman; »>». bath; ram.; private.
LARKIK, 1004, near Post— Large Bunny, newly
renovated furnished roomt, <7 per month.
LAS PALMAB. 1810 Market «t._ Suite of 2 or 3
—is. ; private; bath; eln. rmi; board optional.
LILY ave.. 184— Nice eunny front hall room,
suitable for lady; rent %L
MARKET, 1055, above shoe ehop— Clean sunny
rooms, double and single; come and see them.
McCLELLAND. MO Turk «t.-Changed hands;
newly renovated; all rocms facing either
Turk or Jones st. ; rent reasonable.
MINNA, 667, corner Klghth— New furnished
bay- window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION*. 1221. one block from new Postofflce—
Nicely furnished sunny front room. $5.
MISSION. I72»tt. near Thirteenth— Nicely fur-
nlshed room, etove, bath and laundry, 15.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market Bt.-Nlcely
furnished rooms, J2 a week up: 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA. 15S7. oor. Butter— New parlor suite,
bath connecting: electricity, phone, etc; pri-
vate family; board optional; references.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
PIERCE, 47. near Ilalght— 2 or 2 nicely fur-
nished rooms suitable for housekeeping.
POST, E27— Sunny single room, with closet;
private family: $1 25 per week.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
readinK-room, smoklnc-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, J2 to
JS; month, $8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
room* with hot and cold water; baths. ¦ :
HOSEDALE House. 31J and 321 Ellis et.— Rooms.
n<rht 25c to SI. week $1 23 to 14: open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
ntar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, USA — Sunny rooms, double and single;
gas. fireplaces, running water.
SIXTH, 136— Furnished suite of rooms, suitable :
for business; privilege of light housekeeping.
SUTTER. T17. near Taylor— Sunny, choice, rea-
sonable; appreciate if seen; $11. please invee-
tlgate.
TURK, 124— Front, sunny furnished room, suit-
able fcr one or two rentlemen.
TURK, 332—2 eunny front rooms for two gentle-
men or dressmaker.
VALENCIA, 1232 — Lovely sunny alcove room;
light housekeeping; gas and bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch oiflce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
/ Valencia et
ROOMS AND BOARD.
IN an elegant private resident where there
are a few select boarders, wanted a couple
for sunny parlor suite; on Halght-st. car
line; first-class table board; modern im-
provements; gas, bath, phone, etc Box 5S7.
; Call office.
SELECT family hotel; new interior; three spe-
cial dinners weekly; rates to establish. 807
California st
EDDT. 616 — Wanted, lady or gentleman to room
and board; private family; reasonable.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St., near Har-
ricon.
WASTED.
GENTLEMAN desires a quiet sunny back
room, private family; no other roomers: close
to Ellls-st. car. A. B.. box 548. Call office.
SINGLE gentleman desires comfortable room
In private family; state particulars. Box 530,
Call ofnee.
GENTLEMAN wishes comfortable room, with
use of bath: east of Van Ness. Box 689. Call.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
NOTICE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum eince July 1, 1S99:
Irene Valdez, age 8 years; Laretto Duran; 7;
Madeline Duran. f ; Ray Croat. 8.
LADIES— Chlchester*s English Pennyroya. r*lHs
are the best; safe, reliable; take no ether;
tend 4c stamps for particular* ; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at drug-
rists. Chicbester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery gt. rooms 1-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; pbone Mint 5.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charley Plambeck. 1?15 Mission, nr. 15th.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and secend-hand; large
display: very cheap. 1167 Mark«t.bet. Tth _ Sth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1849; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
TV P_ WRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BARG AINS IN TTPEWRITERS— W«
sell better machines for less money than any
hou^e in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, S3S California; telephone Main S&i.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L . _ M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OiDD FE—LOWS' Savings Bank, room 7, 240
' .Montgomery st. — Dividend No. 17 in liquida-
tion, being two and three-eighths (2H) per
cent on all deposits, will be payable at said
bank on and after TUESDAY. November 20,
1S00; total amount of dividends declared in
liquidation, eighty-nine and seven ' eighths
(8»%) »er cent.
JAMES BENSON, Secretary.
San Francisco, November 19, 1900.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend No. 22 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Co., will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market et., on and after Mon-
day. December 10, 1500. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday. December 4, 1900. at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.: A dividend. No. 24, of seventy-
five cents <75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 430
California st., San Francisco, on December
10. 1PO0. Transfer books close December 2.
1500. at noon. A. A. SPAJIKS, Secretary.
_______
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13. 320 Sansome st
Ean Francisco. Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m '
SATURDAY. December t. 1S00. and opened
Immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishlnK and delivering quarter-
. master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans" Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle), for six months commencing
Janury 1. 1S01, and ending June 30, IDOL Sched-
ules with Information and instructions for
submitting bids will be furnished upon appli-
cation by the undersigned. Bidders will care"
fully follow the conditions of the schedules,
and no bid will be considered unless it is in
accordance with such schedules. Each bidder
must accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well-known and responsible bank
Ing house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required hy law The
board reserve* the ri^ht to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room IS. 220 Sansome St., San Fran-
cisco, CaL By order of the Board of Dlrec-
tors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
Th» following marriage licences were Issued
pMterdajr:
Benjamin F. Dollison, 46, S30 Mission street,
and Mildred F. Hahn. 22, 614^ Brannan street.
Charles S. Greenwood. 2$, Forest Hill, and
Lulu F. McNamara. 21. EUensburg, Wash.
James F. Long, 43, 1263 Eighteenth avenue
south, and Ea«anor Jones. 2S, 235 Parker ave.
Mario J. Bollo, 23, 214 Francisco street, and
Betsie C. Swensen. 21. 1S08 Green street.
Charles B. Delaney. 86, 1151 Market street,
and Kate F. Quintan, 25. 716 Golden Gate ave.
_dward J. liackett. 26. €2 Second street, and
Annie Nyren, 24, 2( Stevenson street.
Charles D. Campbell, 29, Reno, Ner., and
Margaret B. Hymers. 24, Reno, Nev.
Carl J. Schule, 22. 725 Union street, and
Daisy A. Meeerth. 21. M2A Castro street.
Paul Bhoup. 26, 11ZS Jones street, and Rose
Wilson. U. Bt Nicholas Hotel. /
- B1R1HS— MABBIABEg— DBAHB. -
Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by
mall will uot be ineAted. They must b« handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed wl«h the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same; published.
BORN.
CAESELL- -In this city, November 27, ISOflt to
_• w_» of Jotepfc B. Cuwll. ». sou, J
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
AXMINSTER RUGS
See the windows this week
for a rare display of Axminster
rugs.
„ We've a large and varied as-
sortment in* Oriental and Per-
sian designs — dull, but rich and
deep in color— interesting and
unique patterns. Many of them
superior in appearance to the
genuine Persian, which cost
at the very least ten times
more. You are welcome to
see them.
62x27 inches. ... .$2.50
72x36 ", 4.50
78x54 •", ...-• 8.50
215-217 Sutter Street, Above Kearny.
Glove Orders
' . Gloye orders make convenient^ desirable and acceptable
Christmas gifts. If gloves ire not desired, the order will
be accepted at any department in this store at any time.
Mafffiioni
— — V ™ *qs«i^ — ~ t^ _¦_ -__ JL JL
The assortment of this world-wide renowned glove is
now complete for the Christmas trade; every pair is guaran-
teed to be the best ladies' kid glove sold in America for
$I.5O a pair.
Tailor-Made Suits
All-wool cheviot suits, well made in the prevailing
styles, with satin lined jacket, colors black and navy, at
$l6. a suit
Ladies' suits in all-wool camels hair finished material
with satin lined military jacket, correctly cut and nicely
made in castor and gray, at
Any alterations required on tailor-made suits are made
without charge.
Men's Handkerchiefs
Our holiday assortment of men's handkerchiefs is
perfect ; special attention has been given to this depart-
ment this season; the assortment is complete in every
detail and surpasses in variety, qualities and values any
men's handkerchief department on this coast.
Men's Irish lawn handkerchiefs with j4, % and 1 inch
hem-stitched borders at 10c, 12^ c and 20c each.
Men's pure Irish linen handkerchiefs with y 2 , and
ijnch hem-stitched borders, at 25c, 35c and 50c each.
~ Men's pure Irish linen initialed handkerchiefs at $1.50
for a bojl of one-half dozen.
Men's pure Irish, very sheer linen initialed and hem-
stitched handkerchiefs, at $3.00 for a . box of one-half
A very stylish novelty — ; colored bordered handker-
chiefs, something entirely new this season for men, price
3 for 50c.
A complete assortment of men's silk mufflers.
Write for our new illustrated catalogue,
129 Kearny Street v
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
.: OAKXAXD HEAL —STATE.
L_Y1L_NC_ REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth st., OaM and.
OAKLAND HOMES UNDER VALUS.
' 8_.000 — As estate; magnificent corner mia-
ficn; situation unexcelled; recant cost. $37,000;
•_ offer considered.
• (12.000; ooet $20.<W0— Hanfieome Lakeside dis-
trict residence. IS rooms; large grounds.
JSiOC; recent cost, »_.O00— One Central East
. O&kLand's choicest fcomet; 13 rooms; corner;
• t>_ -train.
>4660— Near Market station; beautiful loca-
tion: modern &-roo_ home; see this plaoe.
KS50- Finest «treet on Oakland Heights; beau-
tiful «-roo_ oorner; Ideal home; recent cost,
'S4500. - '
• JS600— Piedmont Heights; new Colonial T
toom»; mortgage 124 '\ ; now vacant; builder
must sell.
¦ Adeline Btatloa; up-to-date 7-roera
home; very complete; _sI25; beautiful location.
• $S€5O— Telegraph and 2Sth; cost S4SO0; fine
.•_.o(ie-ii 8-room home; 40x185; splendid property.
$3000 — Ninth ave.; elegant 7 rooms; specially
built for a home; lot 50x150; local trains.
' 6CS0— _B.tham ¦ terrace; superbly situated;
. 2-etory • modern colonial 7 rooms; 40x166; make
offer.-, .- - '. _¦-¦
¦' C750— Near . Bro««— *y «a« 2?ft>: _«<m »-
-Toom.reeldenoe; corner; owner must realise each
Immediately. •
J_00; J2M cash, rental Installment*— Beau-
tiful Oakiard Height* new 7-roo_ colonial; su-
perb street; bank _ le. - • - •
¦-.J£_G— Ne«j Broadway and 14th; neat E-room
cott&p«: superb JocaUon; close In.; rents J20.
i*. I20OO— The coziest 5-room home In the select
part of Piedmont residence district.
$1750— Near Grove and SSd; Z-story house, E
rooms, bath; stable: 70-foot lot: bargain.
llOoO— Neat 4-room corner cottage, nicely sit-
uated; East Gfiklani; S10C cash, TlO monthly.
. jUDO-rEetween Eroadway and Oak stations;
neat 4-ro6m ccttage. cheap; must sell.
: . LOTS— UNDER VALUE.
tlS toot, elegant corner, C0xl20; Lakeside dis-
•¦tnct.
- i:r. r -o— Block of Smith's mansion; lot 100x160.
t>:.v — Corner; 60x120; near Clinton station.
$K0— Corner; iOCxlOO; on lltb. ave.; fine lot
!.:<>— Markft st.: 25xl£0; north Market station.
. .1950— Snap; :-i'.O; near Telegraph and S2d.
. $450 — 8na j>; 87x140; near Grove and 33d.
Sit — Near Temerol powerhouse; B0xl£0.
' Jl_0— 1^4-acre Fruitvale corner; all fruit.
. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
' • : • • 460-4C Eighth St.. Oakland.
JITOO— MIGHT, be bought for lees; pretty cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; small barn; lot
- : SS_£S; centra;iy located and convenient to
. cuts. BELDEN & COOK. Washington and '
' • Fourteen—, sis. :
tSSO CASH. tS per month; completed this week;
¦'•. ..< rooms; rirht up-to-date; central. BEX.DEN
— COOK. Washington and Fourteenth «_.
SMG-REDUCED from rTSO; SOxlOO; north side;
sear S&n Pablo ave.. and but few minutes'
.to City Hall. BELDEN _ COOK. Washing-
ton and Fourteenth sta.
?S90 CAFH, $30 per month; new home, I rooms;
. Uteet finish and plumblnr; 2 minutes to S. F.
local. BELDEN _ COOK, Washington and
.. : Fourteenth .eta. . _¦ - * -...-
P» CASH. tS monthly; new barn and outhouse;
lot 3Sl*-a00x72 41- 100x137 :«; perfectly level;
.•anfiy loam soil;, view and climate the very
test; near wide boulevard and fronting on a
trooo county road; near t electric car lines,
r*tot*a and new Town Hall; close to a model
»choc! ; S6 families located within ?V4 years;
. VAilen&ale Settlement; the working— tan's prop-
¦' erty. adjoining East Oakland. se« this bargain
at once;. price all told, $_5: call or. tend for
' circular. . <55 Sevefith et.. Broadway station.
Oakland. HENRI* Z. JONES., owner.
HOTELS for mis.-. \ •• . ...
Loiglisr-house*.
- Grocery stores. -. • ¦
Hardware Here. ' "" •
Drug ¦tor*. ¦ . ' . '
Ten good farms for sale; some for exchange.
See E. E, BCNCB for all bargain*, XI Broad-
way, Oakland. . • • ' *--'
tL_CA2CT lots sacrificed, $_O0- cost JJ900; llSx
Zit>: fronts Frultvale, ave. iOO— Cost KO; 60x
l£0; adjoins Fru'.tvaie ave. LAYMANCH
HEAL ESTATE CO,. 463-462 tth. tt.. Oakland.
yATTNG chicken business; chance for a auiek
££',«. E. E. BCN'CE, S3 Broadway. Oakland.
flTSO— NORTH of Market station; S' flats; j-ood
crder; well rented; a enap. LAYMANCE
REAL ESTATE CO., 46(M_ 8th st., Oakland.
J1SC CASH. $6 to monthly — New 2-room cottage,
'rioot basement ; fine large lot Z,t feet deep;
price all told J660.
37 ;.o cash, $4 li monthly— % acre excellent
la.»i tor $150.
- 'tis cash. $6 B0 monthly-—* acre Al land, S33S.
f 21 f-0 cash, JS monthly — \ acre superb land
fcr J2S0. : . :
{25 cash, Sll monthly— 1 acre (more can be
had) for $475. ; "
Adjoining East Oakland: climate, soil and
Tlew the very best; away from fogs and raw
winds: noar electric car line and wide boule-
vard. Call or eend for circular. 4SS Seventh
rt.. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
Owner. :
fSQO. -' ¦ IS5M. XKOfc
SCETV MODERN HOUSE.
Lot 30x_4 feet.
TELEGRAPH AV_.
. Fcr permisslcn to Inspect premises apply
wb'M^i — • J- SNYDER _ CO..
¦¦ 467 Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. G«t list from GEO. W. AUS-.
TIN *• <"O' TW Proa«1ws.T. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
WANTED— Married couple or two gentlemen
boarders; beautiful private home, 4 adults;
billiard table, piano; 10 minutes* electric car
to train: terms reasonable. 6201 Shattuck
¦ ave.. corner Fifty-second St., Oakland.
O AKLA XD FCRMTURB FOR SALB.
AN Introduction to yon from H. Schellhaas, th*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. OaVland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEK__PI>G.
EDT>Y. £2»— Two front connecting rooms,, nicely
¦ furnished; stov*. sink, etc.; cozy and coave-
nlent; 114. •
ELLIS. 1_7— Nicely famished alcove room with
griite and running water: housekeeping.
EJLIZABETH. 12, near Guerrero— Fine furnished
- rooms for housekeeping; rynt flS.
FOURTH. _&-Rooms suitable for light house-
keeping; also Eingle; rent reasonable.
FXTLTON. SCt- 2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; yard, coal stove and bath.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. CT2— Sunny suite I rooms,
clean; hot & cold water; yard, laundry, eta
JACKSON.. 924—2 sunny unfurnished basement
rooms; housekeeping; water free; J5 50. \,. r
JESSIE, 363, • near Emporium— Furnished
rooms, $S, ii and $7; housekeeping. , t9.
_EAVBNWOIiTH. E15— Basement of 3 sunny
unfurnished rooms; housekeeping. :.,--; \
MARKET, nr. Mason— Large room anl kit-
chen, folding bed. gas, $10. Call 342 Ksamy st.
MIICNA, 2S — Nice sunny furnished front house-
keeping rooms; '7&e and SI per week.
OAK, 11>— 1 sunny' room; furnished for house-
keeping; range; cloeet; running water; JS.
©CTAVIA, 140S, corner Geary — Large bay win-
dow; mantel; sun all day; 1. }10; t, $12.
O'FARRELL, 743—1 • nicely furnished rear
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas, bath,
phone; tl4. ,.'¦•
POST. 8T2— Four newly furnished room* for
housekeeping, with bath. Call 1-8, 7-8 p. — _
TURK, 127— Large sunny room for a couple;
stove; $10 a month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore et.
A WEEK"S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
. :t' pares. In wrapper, for mailing. II per yea..
ItOvtMS TO Vtl T Knn>. *t»U Infurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14$ Sixth— Rooms 26c
to U per night; Jl 25 to JS per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
AUSTIN ave.. 1C2— Nice sunny front room to
let; cheap. ¦ - ¦ v--.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (cM No. 13«4)— Fur-
nlehed rroe.. ruites, eingle; also unfurnished.
BUSH, £20 <T»e Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
to j: day. 25c cp; Tk. II 60 up. Mrs. P. Rani rt.
CALIFORNIA. 1522— Unfurnished parlor floor,
I rooms and email kitchen; adults.
CLAY, 1609— Large furnished rooms; without or
with board; bath and ,. telephone.
CLIFFORD, -SO* —Ills. cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunr.y rooms; 'prices reasonable.
EDDT, 82S— Bmall seatly furnished room; 94
c month. , ¦__
ELLIS, 725 — Newly, furnished room In German
.family; ¦suitable for gentleman; it, per month.
GEARY. 406. (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rrr t; ruites or single; travelers accommodated.
CEARy. 1 £56— Corner. house; front rooms; other
rooms; piano, pbone; privilege light nskpg
GOLDEN GATE axe.. 1404-Nlce bedroom, «:
private family. .
GRAND SOU TH ERN. -aoutfat— st corner Seventh
' and Mission cts. — Eunny room*, en suite or
eingle; ladles* ..parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRIET. 40. off Howard— A «ra_l furnished
front room for rent cheap. ¦
HATES. ,_4— a anfnrnlEhefl rooms to let.
$ ESSIE, • S83, near Emporium— Hou«»keeplz_.
P; fun_— td. rooms, $5, « *£d ft <
ADV__tTIS_05_NTS.
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment ; Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
MONACO— In this city, November 80, , 1900,
Dante, beloved son of Liberata Monaco, and
brother of Lule and ! Nena Monaco. • a native
• of Eureka, Nev.. aged 16 years.
I—' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited • to attend the funeral this ¦ day
(bunday), at 9 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.'
Interment private.
MURPHY— In this city. November 29. 1900,
Daniel Jr.. dearly beloved son of Daniel and
Mary Murphy, a native of San Francisco,
ag i34il ycars 5 months and 28 days.
/c7 h ? fu neral will take place this day
unda -y)- »t 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
ot nls parents. 321 Guerrero street, between
inrtecnth and Sixteenth, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
VT !5J T ment H °ly Cross Cemetery.
N P BY-In this city, November 29, 1900. Virgil
fe-' °, nlv eon of Benjamin F. and Belle F.*
Newby a native of Dlxon. Cal.. aged _ yearn
- 5 months and 2 days
services will be held at Dizon
?cfock Churcl »-' this day (Sunday), at 11
N °k AI $~ In Napa State Asylum, November 29,
1900, James Nolan, a native of Ireland, aged
66 years.
r fp" rrt « n< 3s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
December 4. at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. ». Godeau, 305 Montsomery avenue.
CRINGLE— In Portland. Or.. November 29. 1900,
Delia A., wife of the late Dr. Charles Prin-
gle of Fredonia. N. Y., and mother of Mm.
S. D. McBride, Mrs. C. E. Muffley, Dr. Ella
P. Brown and Charles and Mary F. Prin«le.
RIPPON— In this city. November 29. 1900,
Ihomas J. Keegan Rippon, dearly beloved
son of W. E. and Margaret Rippon. and
brother of Zeta M., W. FTank and Homer V.
Rippon, a native of Sacramento, Cal., aged 24
years and 4 months.
CCyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:*0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 873 Haleht street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Flllmore streets,
where a solemn high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of hU soul, commencing at 9
o'clock sharp. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
ROBINSON— In this city, November SO, 1900,
Mary Irene, beloved daughter of the late John
and Mary Robinson, sleter of Mrs. Magpie
Grlffln and John E., Charles and George W,
Robinson, and .cousin of Mrs. Katie Coghlan
a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years 4
months and 14 days.
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1666 Post street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROTHENSTEIN— In this city. November 29,
1300. William, beloved son of Louis and Ethel
Rothenstein, and brother of Samuel, Abe,
George, Jos. Harry. Hyman, Ray, Yetta,
Pearl and Sarah Rothenstein. a native of
Cincinnati, ared 13 years.
SANDERS— In this city. November 80. 1900,
Amelia, beloved wife of John Sanders, and
mother of Henry, Solomon, David, Belle and
Rose Sanders, a native of Germany, aged 60
years and 3 months. (New York and Grass
Valley papers please copy.)
CT7"Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1634 Ellis street, near Steiner, and
thence by 11:30 o'clock train to Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery for Interment.
SCHAETZ— In this city, November 30, 1900, Su-
sanna Echaetz (nee Raabe). dearly beloved
wife cf John Schaetz, mother of Laurence
Schaetz, and sister of Mrs. Joseph Schwelger
and Miss Soohla Raabe, a native of Grledel,
Htssen, Germany, aged 26 years 1 month and
22 days. A member of Rotfces Kreutz Unter-
stutzunrs Verein.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
STEELE— In Oakland. December 1. 1900. Frank
R.. dearly beloved husband of Angrie Steele,
and father of Eunice and Frank Steele. & na-
tive of VickBburg, Miss., aged 37 years.
ETFriends are invited to attend the fu-
neral services to-morrow (Monday), at 10:30
o'clock, at his late residence, 2431 Piedmont
avenue, Oakland. Interment private.
STEHLE— In this city, November SO, 1900,
Adolph Stehle of Frultvale, dearly beloved
husband of Johanna Stehle, a native of
Wurtemberg. Germany, aged 40 years and S
months A member of Verein Elntracht.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Verein Elntracht
Hall, 237 Twelfth street, near Folsotn, where
funeral services will be held, under the aus-
pices of Verein Eintracht. Remains at the
funeral parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Un-
dertaking Company, 1209 Mission street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
TONNINGSEN— In Lake View, Or., November
22, 1900, Mrs. Tonnlngsen, beloved wife of
Carl Tonnlngsen, sister of Duncan McBride,
Mrs. G. Tewes and Mm. A. Jewell, and niece
of Margaret McBride and Mrs. R. Gallagher,
a native of Klrcudbrlght, Scotland. (Klrcud-
brightshtre Advertiser please copy.)
VALENCIA— In this city, November 29, 1900,
William Valencia, dearly beloved son of the
late Elizabeth Lemmon, brother of Laura,
Thomas and Fredle Lemmon, grandson of
Joseph Scheldel«r, and nephew of Joseph
6cheldeler Jr. and Mrs. William Banks, a
native of San Francisco, aged 17 years 11
months and 4 days.
cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his grandfather. Joseph Scheideler, 105 Capp
street, thence to St. Boniface's Church. Gold-
en Gate avenue, near Jones street, for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WIRTH — In South San Francisco, November
30. 1900, Hemy Wirth, a native of Indianapo-
los.aged 35 years and 10 days.
CC7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WOLF— In this city, November 29, 1900. Miriam,
relict of the late Morris Wolf, and beloved
mother of Simon and Jake Wolf. MA. J.
Newman and Mrs. M. Samuel, a native of
Germany, aeed S3 years.
E7Friends aro respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 10 o'clock, at the residence of Mr. M.
. Samuel, 1442 Fulton Btreet, Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
CARD OF THANKS.
BAHRS— To our many friends and aoqualnt-
. anoes, ! also the employes of the printing de-
partment of H. S. Crocker & Co., who gave so
many evidences of their kindness and com-
forting sympathy and beautiful floral offerings
during our late bereavement of loving son and
brother, Henry F. J. Bahrs, we desire to re-
turn our heartfelt thanks.
JOHN BAHItS. Father.
AMANDA BAHRS. Mother.
MISS BERTHA BAHRS. Sister.
CHAFFEiE— In this city. November 26. 1900. to
the wife of Frank G. Chaffee, & son. -
FAT-In Corte'^ltadera, November 21. 1900. to
the wife of Jainea Fay, a son.'
FEXGER— In Alameda, November 28, 1900, to
the wife of John A. Fenger, a son. .
FLEMING— In this city. November 30. 1900. to
tbe wife of William J. Fleming, a daughter.
FOX— In this city, November 25. 1900. to the
wife of Ike Fox, a daughter.
GRAT-In this city, November 80. 1900. to the
wife of George F. Gray, a daughter.
HURLBERT— In this city. December 1. 1900. to
the wife of William Hurlbert. a son.
¦KINNEMAN— In this city, November SO, 1900,
to the wife of Charles Kinneman, a daugh-
ter. ' » .fj; ,- . '
— ACY— In this city. November 18. 1300. to the
wife of Thomas F. Lacy, a son. . ;
McCUSKER— In this city, November 16. 1900,
to the wife cf Joseph McCusker. a son.
NELSON— In this city, November 26. 1900, to
the wife of Edward M. Nelson, a son.
PHIPPS— In this city, November 2«, 1900, to the
wife of Gustavus V. Phipps, a son.
QUEEN_In this city. November 27. 1900; to the
wife of J. B. Queen, a daughter.
RUFFNER-In this city, November 28. 1900, to
the wife of Clarence Ruffner, a daughter.
TIERNEY— In this city. November 25. 1900, to
the wife of. Joseph J. Tlerney. a son.
TWOMEY— In this city. November 24. 1900, to
the wife of M. R. Twomey, a daughter.
WEISS-In this city, November 29. 1900. to the
wife of Frank J. Weiss, a son.
MARBJED.
BAIRI>_FERGUSON-In this city. November
29, 1900, by the nev. S. P. Hutsinpiller. James
O. Balrd and Bessie A. Ferguson, both of
San Francisco. #
.^LLISON— HAHN— In this city. December 1.
1300, by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller. Benja-
min F. Dollison and Mildred F. Ilahn. both
of Ban Francisco.
EIDINGER— WILKEY — In this city. November
». li>C0. by the Rev. J. H. Schrwder. Emll
A. Eldlnger and Minnie M. Wilkey.
FRAHM-MEYBR-In this city, November 28.
1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Henry A.
Frahm and Minnie Meyer.
FRANK— HOLLAND— In this city, November
M. 1300. by the Rev. J. Fuend«lin«, Theodore
Frank and Elfrfeda Clara Gerndt Holland,
both of Oakland. Cal.
KAEDING-HUBBARD-In Nagasaki, Novem-
ber 4, 1900, Henry B. Kaeding and Mary a
Hubbard, both of San Francisco.
KOSCHINTZKI— MICHAEWS- In this city,
November 26, 1S00, by the Rev. J. FuendellnE,
William P. Koschintzkl and Tillie Michaells.
MUNfP^-JOHNSON-In this city, November
29, 1900, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Anders
Feter Munsoa and Anna Charlotte Johnson,
both of San Francisco.
SI .f V ERS-MILLER— In, this city, November
IS. 1900. by the Rev. J. Fuendelins, Albert
Johann Sievers and Marie Henriette Miller.
WHITEHEAD— MULVEY— In. this city. No-
vember 2S. 1900, by the Rev. Father Cullan.
A. D. •VVhltehead and N. I. Mulvey.
DIED.
Berry. James B. . Mlel. _awTence,F.
Blther, Albert P. Miller, Robert
Broush, John Monaco. Dante
Cummlnga, Chas. H. Murphy, Daniel Jr.
I>ay, Thomas H. Newby, Virsil L.
Dilges. Catherine Nolan, James
Donovan. Miss Mary Pringle, Delia A.
¦Dorey Cheater S. Rippon. Thomas J.
Eckfeldt. William H. Rothenstein. William
Flahavan. Edgar J. Robinson. Marv I.
Halford. Mary T. Sanders, Amelia
Hess, Sarah Schaetz, Susanna
Hlavin, Frank Steele. Frank R.
Jackson, Charles Stehle. Adolph
Kerrigan. Wm. M. Tonnlngsen, Mrs.
Laughlin. Lillian R. Valencia. William
McMahon. Cornelius Wirth. Herny
Meyn, Martin WolL Miriam
BERRY— In this city, December i. 1900. James
Edwin Berry, beloved husband of Mary J.
Berry, and father of Mrs. Grace Wtngate and
Ruth, Calvin and Clarence F. Berry, a native
of Unity, Waldo County, Maine, aged 62
years 1 month and 2S days.
KTFor funeral notice see Monday's paper.
EITHER— In this city, December 1, 1900, Albert
Paul, infant -*on of Frederick L. and Sadie
Either, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 5 months and 21 days.
, <P" rne funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 243>4 Harriet street. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROUGH— In thi3 city. November SO, 1900.
John, beloved son of Herbert and Elizabeth
Brough. a native of New Jersey, aged IS
y«?ars and 4 months.
(— TrlendB and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(hunday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
cnapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CtMMINGS— In this city. December 1. 1900.
Charles Henry, son of Q. C. and Nettle Cum-
m ings, a native of Ean Francisco, aged 15
years 1 month and 25 days.
ETFuneral services will be held this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the family resi-
dence. 1»12 Page street. Interment Sacra-
mento, Cal.
ECKFELDT— In this city. November 23, 1900,
William Henry, belpved son of William H.
and Emma Eckfeldt. and brother of Ethel.
Rendy and May Eckfeldt. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 12 years and 4 months. (Phila-
delphia papers please copy.) .
1C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1920 Howard street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DAY— In Alameda, December 1, 1900, Thomas
Henry Day, beloved husband of Helen B.
Day, a native of England, aged S3 years.
DILGES— In this city. December L 1900. Cath-
erine Dilges, beloved wife of the late Jacob
pilgee, beloved mother of Mrs. Gua Buchhols,
Mrs. C. Schwebs and Henry Dilges. and
grandmother of Frlda and Elsie BuchhoU
and May Neuman, a native of Klrchgens,
Hessen-Dannstadt, Germany, aged 63 years S
months and 23 days.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 857 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
DONOVAN— In this city, December 1. 1900, Miss
Mary A. Donovan, a native of County Cork,
Ireland.
DOREY-In this city. December L 1900, Ches-
ter Stevens, beloved son of Alfred O. and
Leonora Dorey, and brother of Raymond A.
Dorey, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
years 8 months and 7 days.
[CNotlce of funeral hereafter.
FLAHAVAN— In thiB city, November 29, 1900,
Edgar J., beloved con of William H. and
Mary J. Flahavan, brother of Norlne, Oliver
Anita, Berthrom and the late William Fla-
havan. and grandson of Mr. and Mrs. James
Kllday, a native of Oakland. Cal., aged 11
years.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 1807 Howard street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo. where ser-
vices will be held, commencing at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment private.
HALFORD— In Mare Island, November 28. 1900
Mary T. Halford, wife of William Halford. a
native of Boston.
HESS— In this city. November 30. 1900. Sarah,
belovtd wife of Henry Hess, and mother of
Albert, Theresa, Bennle. Marion. Cyril, Edith
and Emanuel Hess, a native of California,
aged 44 years 3 months and 21 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 813 Oak street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
HLAVIN— In this city, December L 1900. Frank
beloved husband of Elizabeth Hlavin and
father of Frank, Louis, Mary and Emma
Hlavin, a native of Austria, aged 62 years
* and % months.
t7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Paclfio Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery for cre-
mation.
JACKSON— In the City and County Hospital,
December 1. 1900. Charles Jackson, a native
of Maine, aged E6 years.
KERRIGAN— In this city, December L 1900
William Milton, beloved son of Philip and
Alice Kerrigan, a native of San Francisco
aged S months end 9 days.
LAUGHUN— In this> city, November 30 1900
Lillian Ruth, youngest daughter of William
and Lulu Lauzhlln.
McMAHON— In this city," November" 30 1900
Cornelius, beloved son of Felix and Mary Mc-
Mahon. brother of Charlotte and John Mc-
Mahon, and nephew of Mrs. N. Hern and
John William and Nell Dougherty, a native
of San Francisco, aged 12 years and 4 months
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 2GU Post street, between Lyon
street and Central avenue, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church for services, commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment private at Holy Cress
Cemetery.
MEYN— In thia^eity, November 29, 1300. Martin
dearly beloved husband of Catherine Meyn'
father of John, Martin Jr. and Arthur Meyn'
and brother of Mrs. W. Melns, a -native of
Gluckstadt. Germany, aged 43 years 5 months
and ZS days. A member of Norddeutscher
Verein and Schleswig-Holstein Verein.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1753 Stockton street, between Filbert-
and Greenwich. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
MIEL— In this city, November 30, 1900, Law-
rence Franklin, beloved son of Mrs. Marlon
MleJ, and grandson of Mr. and ¦ Mrs. ¦ D. T.
Sulivan of Berkeley, Cal., a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 9 years 1 month and 8 days. '
ItiT'Frienda and acquaintances are , respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3530 Twenty-third street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
MILLER— In this city. November ZS/'WOO, Rob-
ert Miller, beloved son of John Andrew Miller,
and brother of Theresa Miller, a native of
San Francisco, aeed 15 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from«the ¦ funeral
parlors cf Theodor Dierks, S57 Mission streK,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannagan _¦ Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN" Mn.'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB,
SO Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. ¦
Telepbooo Boutb li.EASTERN MARKETS.
Nczv York Stock Market.
FORECAST
The pressure has fallen slowly along the eoa*t
or Cailfvrnia. It has risen over the Rocky
WuntaJv region and northwestward to the
coaft An area of high pressure overlies Idaho.
N-nrtbcrn Nevada and Northern Utah. Condi
tlonTare farorable for fair weather generally
¦ long *h- Pacific Coast on Sunday, but there
*i*. »mf indication* of the formation of a de
1 .<-»rslon along th* eouthern coast.
The tf-mporature has remained nearly Ftatlon
arj- west of the Rocky Mountains. In Southern
California the temperatures are from 10 to U
c^s-ree*" above the normal.
No rain bus fallen on the Pacific Coast.
Tom-art made et San Francisco for thirty
bMn eitfir-S n.idnteht, lumber 2 1900:
Northern California-Fair Sunday,, with In
creaalns- cimidlnefs la the afternoon; light
'"^ufbi.m'oSifomi.-Fair Btinday. with in
crra^fnir cloudings: light northerly winds.
• N«r*-ade— Fair Sunday.
Utah— Fair Sunday.
Ar}zor&-Falr flur.day.
Fan Frar.ciRCO find vicinity— Fair Sunday,
with Increasing cloudiness in the afternoon;
,re,h f^f^SSm O. MCADIE
Forecast Official.
• ' . fttOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Dec 1. 1900—5 p. m.
"The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<!ate ' Bt compared with those of the Fame date
last .'season, and rainfalls in. the last twenty-
Jour hours:
-Kan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; 'minimum. 46; mean. S3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb. Mar.
Opening 6 10% .... 6 00
Closing 5 10% .... goo
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Man-June,
Opening 20 10 21 30
Closing 20 05 2125
..Flour— . *
Opening 25 »0 27 30
Closing 25 90 Zi 30
Chicago Livestock Market.
. CHICAGO. Dec. 1.— CATTLE— Receipts, 800.
Nominally steady. Natives, good to prime
steer*, S3 35@6; poor to medium, $lg4 25; se
lected feeders, $3 4004 2S; mixed stockers, J2 25
®3 60; cows, $2 60©4 15: heifers, $2 65®4 60: can
ners, J2©2 50: bulls, $2 50®4 10: calves, $3 DO®
5 50; Texas fed steers, $4®-4 93; Texas grass
MeerB, $3 SO® 4 10; Texas bulls. $2 50>33 23.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 20.000; Monday, 40
000; left over. 3000; generally weak to Re lower
top. .$4 90. Mixed and butchers', $4 5G©4 90;
good to choice heavy. J4 55^4 90; rough heavy.
$4 4004 50: light. $4 5504 87%; bulk of sales
$4 C.V<M 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 150C; sheep and lambs,
strong and active. Good to choice wethers, $4
<g>4 80; fair to choice mixed, $3 6004; Western
sheep, $4©4 25: native lambs, $4©5 50; Western
lambs, $4 50®5 40. . .
Receipts thin week— Cattle, 51,200^ hogs, U0 -
500; sheep, 65,700. Last week— Cattle, • "C 500'
hogs, 222,500; sheep. fJ.8OO.' . '
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK, Dec. 1.— Thp broker's price for
lead was 4c and for cooper 17c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. l.-Consols, OSft ; -silver 29%d;
cargoes on passage, , less offering; English
country markets, quiet ; but steady.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 1.— Wheat, quiet; No 1
standard California, 6s 2dQ>6s Sd; wheat in
Paris, barely steady; flour in Paris, quiet;
French country ; markets, quiet; weather In
England, rain. •
COTTON— Uplands, 5 19-32d.
FLOUR— St. Louis, fancy winter, steady, 8a
HOPB— At London (Paclnc Coast), steady £2
UOCi.tB. ¦,-,".: ¦>:¦. - ¦-.:.-;¦
WHEAT-Spot. steady: No. l California, 6s
J',4d; No. red Western winter, 6s; No. 1 North
ern spring. 6s Id. Futures, quiet; December, 5s
10%d; March, 6s. , .
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
4s Ud. Futures, nominal;. December, 4s «d:
Januarj*. »» Bd; March, 3s »4d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Ot., Dec. 1— Clearings, J544,m;
balances, $91,912.
Northern W heat Market.
OREGON
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. : Dec. l.-WHEAT-Steadr ; »t
63®53V4c for Walla /Walla,' 66c for blu» stem.
: Cleared— Norwegian '¦>'< steamer ¦ Karven for
Hongkong, with 24,700 barrels of flour. ...'
TACOMA. D«c. l.-Clearings, 1183,766; bal
ances, 117,741.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creameries, 13<023c; dairies,
13{?20c. Cheeee, active, 10^i@ll%c. Eggs, quiet;
fresh, 22c . » .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 162.000 101,000
Corn, bushels 349,000 . 331,000
Oats, bushels 156.000 155,000
Rye, bushels 2,000 -~^ 40,000
Barley, bushels 130,000 28,000
SATURDAY.' Dec 1—12 m.
Business was quiet on the Bond Exchange.
Market-st. R. R. advanced to 572.
The Oil Exchange did another large business,
with heavy sales in California standard at
C9tf?30c and in Caribou at 46>@S0c. Fluctuations
in the latter stock have been wide during the
past day or two.
Oil dividends paid yesterday were the Home
stake, 20c, with an extra one of 5e. *
November oil dividends were: American Fuel.
$1000; Home. J10.000; Homestake. J2500, and
Kern, $50,000.
The following were ex-coupon: Northern
California Railway, 5s, $2 50; Pacific Gas Im
provement, $1; Spring Valley, 4 per cent. (3ds),
The following were ex-dlvldend: Honokaa
Sugar Company. 30c; Oceanic, 50c; S. F. Gas
and Electric, 33c.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask.! Bid.Adk
4s nuar coup. 116 116^i :4s do cp (new).133U133
4s do reg 115 115% I 3s do coup llt> 111
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co. 104 105% Oak Water 3s.. 105 —
Cal-st Cab 3s.m — Oceanic SS 5s.H0%Ul
C C Water 5s.lOSU — «m C Ry 6s...l2N 1&%
Ed L & P 6s.. .m — Pac G Imp 4S.101 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — — ** * *-'l Hy 6s..loo —
Gearr-st R 6s. — — P & O R R 6s.ll5% —
H C * S 6%9.. — — iPowell-st H 6s — —
Do 5s 101 — - ! Sac E G&R 5s. — -1C0&
L A Ry 5s. ...110 111 S F & SJV Ss.ll9^i -
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 1U3 S K of Cal 6s.. — 113
Do entd Ss.. — — S P of A 6s.. .113 113%
L A Entd 5s... — 102 S P C Ss «905)
L A 1' R R 5s. 103 — (Series A)... 109% —
Maricet-st «s...l^»i — L»o(&erie» B)llu^» —
Do 1st M 33.129% — Do (ir.C6> 112 —
N C N O H 7s. — ¦ ill Do (1312) 120%121"4
NRnt CM 6S.114V1 — S P R 1st g. 5s.luTV» —
Do 5s 119 — RPR 6s 131 —
N f C R K «».lul — S V Water 63.114 114%
D" ne W 10S«-i Do 4s 102% —
N Cal Ry 5s.. 110 — Do 3d mtge.lOlH —
Oak O L & tt.nu% — Stktn Gas 6s. .101 —
Oak Tran 6s..l«U — .
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69% 71»i Spring Valley. 93U 94
MAitu County. il% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L i- P Co — 4%; Pac L Co — 44
Eqult G L Co. 3% $%l J ae f G*K Co — ?..
Mutual fc.i Uv... - i--v S F G & E 46U4SI.
pac Gas % lmp.. 47% 00 (Stktn OAE3 Co— 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.227%130 ] /
BANK STOCKS.
Anelo-Cal Ltd. 71 74 First N'«tlonaI.2<>0 303
hn>,f ..1 Ohi .. — — Lon P. & A. ...143 —
Cal S D & T. — J05!i Merfchants' Kx in . u
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L...:. — 1900 Sav & L So... — n
Hum S & L... — — Sac Sar Bk.... — —
M«t Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co.... — —
B F Sav Un...52O —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....129 — O S L & H.... 33 4«%
«;o a ry-fit — 50 Presidio — 23
Market-st .... 72 —
POWDER STOCKS.
Ca!lf>r-'« — 1«» Vigorlt 3>4 Z'i
Giant Con Co. 84% 83H
SUOAK STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 7%|Kilaue«. S Co.. 2OT4 21\i
Haw C A S Co 87% — Makawell S Co 41U 41'i
Honokaa S Co. »1% Sl% < ?nom*-a S C... »«.«, —
Hutch S P Co. 25% 26 Paauhau S Co. 32'4 324
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS
Al Pack Assn.121%123 Pac A F A.... 2% —
¦al Fruit Asn. — lui Pac C Bor Co. — 132
Mer Ex Asj>n.. «7 )W Par Paint Co.. 11% —
Oceanic S Co.. 99%100
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Market Street Railway 72 CO
J1CO0 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 119 25
123 Oceanic S S Co 59 73
140 Onomea Sugar Co 29 jo
60 S F Gas and Electric Co 4550
40 S F Gas and Electric Co, b 20 45 50
Street—
100 Honokaa S Co. b 5 3200
J310.000 S V 4s <3d mtge) ; mi 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE,
Morning Session.
Board —
9700 Cala-Standard .'.'
10C0 Cala-Stnndard •»>
100 Caribou
ICO Caribou 50
100 Caribou
640 Caribou -3
400 Cariboti 75
300 Caribou ;.... 73
600 Caribou 79
800 Caribou 33
SO El Dorado j 00
S00 Four Oil Co............................. -41
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull:
winter patents. $3*6oS3 80; straits, $3 10@3 60;
clears, tt 9O4?S SO; spring specials, $4 30: patents,
$3 40(33 86: straits. $3@3 40: bakers', $2 20<S2 75;
No. 3 spring wheat. 6C®72c; No. 2 red, 71©'73c;
No. 2 corn. S5%c; No. 2 yellow. 35%«35*c; No.
2 oats. 22Vi623e: No. 2 white, 26%© 26%c; No. 3
white, U\<32t\ic, fair to choice malting barley,
E5'g57e: No. 1 flax seed, $161%: No. 1 North
western. $1 64: prime timothy s«ed, |4 30; mess
pork, per bbl, $11®11 62%: lard, per 100 lbs
$6 97%iff7: short-rib sides (loose), |6 BOS'7; dry
salted shoulders (bo*ed). 5 T »^6%c; short clear
side* (boxed). $6 60#6 70; whisky, basts of high
wines. Jl 27. .
THE STOCK MARKET.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Dumber 68% 70V; 69?i 70
January 70% 7074 70H 70H
May 7SH 73% 73% 73%
Corn No. 2—
May ., S6 36H 85T-4 36
December 85«4 J5H 85H 85^
January 3«i S<% 34^ . 34%
Oats No. 2—
May 2J% 23H 23% 23%
December 21V» 21H 21% 21%
Mess Pork. Der bbl—
January .i...ll«2% 11 97^4 1180 1190
May V.. .11 85 1190 1180 1185
Lard, per 100 lbs —
December 6 95 7 07H « 95 8 87%
January ............ 6 77% « 80 8 72% 6 70%
May 6 80 > 6 87% 6 80 6 82%
8hort Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 6 tt\i 6 2S 6 15 6 17%
May 6 22% 6 32% 6 25 6 25
CHICAGO, Dec. 1.— "Wheat formed a dull
market of the variety known as "changing,"
which Is to say that traders were- getting out
of their December deals Into later ones. Jan
uary opened a shade higher at 70%c and sold
early at 70T»c There was no particular de
mand, but offerings were light because of fair
ly steady cables and light deliveries on De
cember contracts. Between 400,000 and 500,000
bushels were put on early, The belief that the
December liquidation had about exhausted
itself also tended to hold prices. Later, how
ever, the liberal receipts, the speculative dull
ness and a bit of fag-end liquidation sent Jan
uary down to 70%c. At this point the market
steadied on the New York report of 53 loads
taken for export and the close was only %a
down at 70%©70Ue.
Corn was fairly active and higher early, but
dull and lower later. Miy closed unchanged.
Oats were quiet and easy. May closed HS 1
Uc lower.-
Provisions were firm early In deliveries, only
1760 tierces of lard and talk of a lard corner
by the Cudahy Brothers, who continue to buy
December and sell January. Later, however,
prices eased oft. The clorc was fairly steady.
January pork closed unchanged, 2'4®Sc down,
and ribs 5c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Bank Clearings.
The local bar.k clearings for the paat week
amounted to JSUSC3.S17 4?. agalnet t».2S1.106 for
Xiia same- we*k. last year.
Coinage of the Local Mint.
The coinage of the local mint in November.
m* Bta-ted SjacaOster, was JIS.ISS.OOO. For the
rurrect fiscal year tn date the coinage amounts
to t».115,S27. against £$,123,126 for the same
time last year, the descriptions being as fol
lows: Double-.eaglcs, J23.^60,OC"0; half eagles,
SSU.OOO; doUaif, S2..>0(j,000: half d.iliars. t«20,0O0;
Quarter dollars* JIKVC-OO; dimes. ?£10,827.
Produce Exchange Sales.
• Tie November sales on the San Francisco ,
Prcxiuce Call' Board' compare as follows:
••' ¦ . -1S39. 1500.
Wh*at. toss 204.800 M.900
Eariey 7.600 11,000
Total . I.. ...... : ; 212.200 101,900
FaJes for the cereal year to date compare as
follows: •. .'
. . 1F5S. 1800
TVr-,*>at. tons CS3.600 E17.100
lierley 119.SX) tS.700
• Total ...¦..'.,¦ ...! .S02.800 £70.800
. Nozrvibcr Receipts and Exports.
. .- Receipts and exports of leading staples at
thif- p^rt for the month of November were as
IoIIot.-f: • '- "¦
Lurr.brr— P.ecclpts, Californ*.. 11.557,000 feet:
Grntcr.. 7.:-tf.<i00 feet; Washington, 17.264.000
feo't. Tctal. • 2S,?10,000 feet. Exports, 5, 162, ?24
te*t.
gclnnn— Re<^!r>ts. 15J.IS2 cases. 22* barrels. 118
half-barrfris. Exports, M.22S cases, 18 barrels.
I'M ' htdf-harrelE.
Cot! — BUnslpCs; Pueet Sound. E3.E33 tons; Ore
icon. 3170 tons: Australia, 13. €17 tons; England,
2SC9 ton?; British -Columbia. 4S.407 tons. Total.
125. ESt. ' lar.s. making a total since January 1
cf -!.<23 616 trsns. The receipts cf coal for No
vember, i.g5tr. were 10S.566 tons, being 16.000 tons (
le«? than the receipts for November. 1900.
Imports .'of produea for the month and since
t!5t> i^iTinnUig of the crop year, commencing
July 1 am as. follows:
IVTirit tIT.tll ctls, valued at yW4.65S. making
a total ?ince July 1 of 2.C13.&6; ctl», valued at
Bsr'.ey — €O.SJC ctls, valued at JD2.S77. Since
July 1. L&iAM ctle, valued at |1«23J,4;4.
. Flour— lOSLT 1 '? barrel!, valued at tsr.J.SCS. Since
July 1. KZ.S53 barrels, valued at tl.2U.22S.
Brandy — 53Sj gallons. 50 cases, valued at
!:>£»?. ¦
Wine— S7£,319 r&r.ons, €{3 cases, valued at
VuicWs!!rer-^OS flasks, valued at $19,SO1.
The Lumber Trade.
rariflc Coa*! Wood and Iron says of lumber
.••The 'lumber trade circles of this State have
bwn enjoying a. rather encouraging range of
trade activity during the thirty days Just
cir>s«-d. and every Indication points toward a
c^ntlr.uation during the last month of this
prosperous year. The redwood mills have been
tiary with orders, t>oth domestic and foreign.
>.hUe the local oast order? have not been lack
ing. The prices have not been as larga as they
enimld fr*. but tn* fault lies at the door of the
ru.nufartupers themselves ar.d no other in
fluence Is to blame. However, with a little
more co-operation among the interests, there
*hcu!u be a return to better quotations for red
xs-o.nl, when the manufacturers and retailers
»'i!l then bar* no cause for complaint.
¦ 'The mountain mills in the cugar and white
p<ne belt are. with pome few exceptions, ready
f> conclude their peaaon'e run. The latter has
b«en one of Use most, if not the most, success
ful year* In the history of these mills, and the
< wners tiave reason to be proud of the record
i*A* in 1K». Orders have been actually turned
?.ir*n bt several mills cr have been shifted to
ot.ber plants, -while the current prices have
% *en erseouraginit. The Eastern demands have
•Y#*n heavy and the range of demand has been
moft exteni-ive. reaching even as far east and
north as Maine snrt. running down into the
Southern State* of this country. Oanarta has
also nip.;- he»vy calls on the mountain mlllB
for sugar pine and their trade calls are ex
tending all over the country.
•¦The redwood shingle is making Its way with
encouraging result* into the Eastern States.
Weather Report.
bank statement and with the additional in
fluence of. a three-point break In Sugar. The
principal demand for railroad stocks looked
to shares of companies operating In the South
ern • region. Chesapeake and Ohio and the
Southern railway stocks were taken In large
blocks and Mobile and Ohio was moved upward
S4 points out of a dormant statf. Sugar was
heavy throughout on doubts regarding the ap
proaching , dividend, vrhich rumor has pro
claimed would be Increased.- Reports current
of a projected new refinery near New York
had a marked effect on the etock and helped
to break the price In the final dealings. Peo
ple's Gas, Glucose, Smelting and Anaconda
also weakened early In the trading. American
Tobacco showed a strong recovery from recent
depresslen and the coalers had a rise because
of the cold weather. The bank statement was
a eurprise. The heavy loan expansion is sup
poeed to be due largely to preparations for re
quirements for December, but the usual De
cember preparations for January are expected
to become effective soon and the revival of
the Interior demand for currency toward the
last of the week suggests caution in the bor
rowing of money for speculation. The gain
in cash of Jl.84i.300 was unexpected and served
as a .wholeeome offset to the increase In re
serve requirements of t3.254.900 growing out of
the large addition of $11,778,000 to deposits.
The Inroads of tl. 412,000 upon the surplus
would otherwise have been much larger. The
continued large demand for bonds at advanc
ing prices was a noticeable feature of the
trade. The trading in stocks has been on a
diminishing scale this week. No change in
financial or business conditions can be assigned
as the caus; of this lessened speculation. It ts
the natural cause bound to come after an 6ut
burst of great activity In human affairs. The
same thing is seen in the business of the
country, where buying was excessive Immedi
ately after flection, representing the loosening
of floods pent up pending the decision of that
event, while now the animated demand for
products shows some natural reaction. This
is especially noticeable in the iron trade. The
stock market Is espertally sensitive to the
coutre of events In that trade. The purely
speculative element has been quick to take
profits and prices have consequently declined.
This survey of the stock market conditions
must, however, be taken in a purely relative
eense. While business is smaller and prices
are lowtr than In th* period Immediately pre
ceding, there U still a high level of prlees
maintained and capital continues to be em
ployed on an enormous scale in securities. It
has happened many times that the transactions
la some one stock will show sales of 100.000
chares for a tingle day's business and tbe
record ha« run up to over 200,000 ehares for a
single day's business In Northern Pacific. It
is not conceivable that unformed speculative
enthusiasm of the general public should §.how
euch results a.« this. Great combinations and
syndicates of bankers and capitalists alone
could command the resources for dealing on
such a scale when the execution of buying
orders brings our records of many thousands
of shares changing hands In blocks. Nelthet
!s it within the bounds of probability to sup
pos: that such buying Is held on a margin,
with the mere purpose of marketing the shares
at a higher level of prices. Some have gone
into the vaults of financial Institutions to be
held for the nake of the Investment return
afforded, while others have gone into the hands
of competing or affiliated companies to secure
control cr increased Influence. No authoritative
announcements have been . made as to the
source of any of this buying, though rumor
has been busy with reports of "deals" and
combinations. These rumors are so indefinite
and sometimes «o contrary as to stamp them as
unreliable, but the conviction Is very general
in Wall street that a process is going on of
transfusion of Interest among the great rail
road systems of the country wherever there if
competition or wherever there Is a mutual In
terest making a common Influence desirable.
The series of operatic n» recently reflected by
the Pennsylvania and New York Central are.
the obvious motive for. such transactions. The
problems of competition and of diversion of
profits which thus tend toward solution are
calculated to increase of value. of investments
In the properties Involved, while from the
technical stock market standpoint the reJuc
tion of the floating supply of securities Is cal
culated to add Indefinitely to the stability of
market prices. •
The bond market has been less unst-ttled
this week than stork*. Business has increased
and prices have advanced. Junior or refund
ing and organization bonds have been the fa
vorites, especially new Issues.
I'nited States refunding 2s advanced 4, the
old 4s and ."s i£ and the 3s and new 4b 4
per cent over the call prices of a week ago.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock*— Bid.
9.SO) Atchison 4»>i
10.W0 Atchlson prefd ;... 84
. 1,800 Baltimore A Ohio «H
Canadian Pacific 854
2.200 Canada Southern C8H
27,700 Chesapeake & Ohio 38>4
290 Chicago Oreat Western , ii%
3.000 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 138<4
Chicago Indianapolis &. Ixmis 24
....... Chicago Indianapolis & Louie prefd. 57K
100 Chicago &. Eastern Illlnoii ". 97^
Chicago & Northwestern 117
5.W0 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 1154
S00 C C C & St Louis M'a
300 Colorado Southern 7
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17*4
Delaware & Hudson 115J4
400 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 1S2 -
1.6O0 Denver & RIO Grande 25>4
. 1,000 Denver & Rio Grande prefd TS"«
1,000 Erie HV»
300 Erie 1st prefd 45H
100 Oreat Northern prefd 18>i
Hocking Coal 13«4
1.600 Hocking Valley 39%
Illinois Central m',4
100 Iowa Central 20
Iowa Central prefd 4S
Lake Erie A Western S5<4
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 1074
Lake Shore 210V«
1,600 Ix>ulsvllle A Nashville 64
2.800 Manhattan L 1CS
1.203 Metropolitan Street Railway 171
100 Mexican Central 13%
LCOO Minneapolis & Ft Louie 65
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 994
15.200 Missouri Pacific 60«4
8,800 Mobile & Ohio 41%
too Missouri Kansas & Texas 13
700 Mlnsourl Kansas & Texas prefd.... 37%
700 New Jersey Central 14JV4
10.100 New York C«ntnsl 1424
2.600 Norfolk & Western 43
Norfolk & AVentern prefd 8O',4
t.ay) Northern Pacific 71 *
1.700 Northern Pacific prefd 82H
1.000 Ontario & Western 254
Oregon Railway A: Navigation 42
Oregon Railway A Navigation pfd. 7«
1.5C0 Pennsylvania .....142U
2.200 Reading 19%
25400 Reading l*\ preffl 63H
3,900 Reading 2J prefd U\i
Rio Grande Western (57
Kio Grande Western prefd TJ'i
2,900 Bt Louis & San Francisco 19>£
..» St Louis Sc San Franclnco 1st prefd. 754
200 Bt Louis A San Francisco 2d prefd.. 4«
2 100 Bt Louli Southwestern 15#
7,700 St LouIb Southwestern prefd... 37
8,800 St Paul 1274
St Paul prefd -. 1754
...... Bt Paul U Omaha 120
21,100 Southern Pacific 424
40 SM Southern Railway 1S4
12S00 Southern Railway prefd «7*i
7.000 Texas & Pacific 19\
8.400 Union Pacific 72\i
6 900 Union Pacific prefd 82
Wabash 8"4
SO) Wabash prefd 20%
500 Wheeling ft Lake Erie 10%
1.S00 Wheellnn A Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 28'4
000 Wisconsin Central 104
1.400 Third Avenue 113
2,000 Baltimore & Ohio prefd Vj%i
1,000 National Tube 61
„ National Tube prefd ...101
Express CompanleB—
iWrimiWln i ¦ -in «ti m ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦—rTMrMmF HF I Wi"'~
M MoKlttrlck Consolidated «i
3<y> McKittrick Consolidated .SO
ICO Occidental of W Va 65
200 Shamrock I 2Z'a
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sa!««s In th<* San Tran-«
Cisco Stock and Kxchansre Board yesterday:
The following were the sales tn the Faeifla
llnrnlngr Session.
TOO Bfst & Belcher Mi 2<X) Mexican ........ *\
2C0 Challenge Ill 10fl Ophlr 7S
100 Chotlar 0?| 60ft Ophlr '.'«
ICO Gould & Curry K>> 5PO Potpst M
200 Gould & Curry -60'. 2CO ¦Sierra" Nevada. .31
100 Halo & Norc... 10 400 Yellow Jacket.. 21
800 Hale & Norc... 21
Stock Kxchange yesterday:
Mornlns Besslcn.
450 Best & Belcher 17, ICO Ophir Tl
800 Con Cal & V.I DHl 1W Ophlr \ , 73
200 Con Cal Sc, Va..l 33 3C0 Ophlr 74
2iM Oould & Curry SS, 200 Savage 13
2** Gould & Curry S3, 500 Favage ...„ 13
80 Gould & Curry 6«i 7CO Silver Hill 47
300 Ophlr 79.
CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
SATURDAY. Dec. 1—13 m.
Bid. Ask.! Bld.As'.r.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 03 05
Alta — 0C|Kenturk — 03
Andes 04 03 j [»ady "Wash .... — «3
BeJcher :.. IS lTjMexIcan tl- Zi
Best & Belcher 17 IS ; Occidental ©4 o«
Bullion C3 WjOphtr W 77
Caledonia 4} 4r»'Overman C8 07
Chollar OS OSjPotoal 13 17
Challenge Con.. 22 23;c!avase 12' 13
Conflilence E5 (WiScorplon — G4
Con Cal & Va..l 35 1 40 'Se* Belrher.... 02 (14
Con Imperial .. — Ol'SiPrra Nevada. SI 32
Con New York. 01 — i Sliver Hill 43 43
Eureka Con — 3.*;st Louis 10 —
Crown Point.... 13 13; Standard ......3 CO Z 2ft
Exchequer •¦ — 02 : Syndicate ...... — ii
Gould & Curry 68 M; Union Con 25 2«
Hale & Norc... 21 22 Utah 0« C7
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. Zi 23
,-¦ - -SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank flearings show a gain for the zveck.
Large. sales on the Oil Exchange.
Wheat futures rather firmer. Barley firm.
Excliavge as before. Silver a fraction firmer.
Oats firm, Corn weak and Rye dull.
Hay. stronger under lighter receipts.
•Y° further advance in Beans.
freed Potatoes lozvcr. Onions steady. Sound Vegetables firm.
Butter. adzHihced under light supplies. Eggs firm.
Japanese Mandarin Oranges on the market.
dame demoralized under excessive receipts.
Dressed. Turkeys continue to drag.
0 'rapes very slow of sale.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Hides; quiet and weak, with Steers tending downward.
Xo. further change in the Meat market.
Lumber trade in good condition.
Increased coitiage at the local Mint.
Adaras ...,i.l35
American .ko
....... United States 49
Wells-Fargo .".ijo
Miscellaneous —
100 American Cotton Oil si
American Cotton Oil prefd 80
American Malting 6
500 American MaltUi« prefd... 25
1.400 American Smelting & Relng 62%
800 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 96%
• ¦ American Pplrtts \il
American Spirits prefd.... ........... 17
600 American bteel Hoop 28%
400 American Steel Hoop prefd.. 7«
10,000 American Steel & Wire 43%
400 American Steel & Wire prefd M
COO American Tin Plate 42Vi
American Tin Plata prefd.......... 8<SV4
15.200 American Tobacco 1<W%
American Tobacco prefd ......130
2.CC0 Anaconda Mining Co. ....... ...,,,,,. 4ft
8.900 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 72*4
1,8M> Colorado Fuel & Iron: 51%
2,200 Continental Tobacco 8»
600 Continental Tobacco prefd 82
4.200 Federal Steel 49%
L50Q Federal Reel prefd 76'4
General Electric ....167^
7C0 Glucose Sugar . v 63
Glucoee Sugar prefd 100
300 International Paper 23
200 International Paper prefd 73%
Laclede Gas 70
300 National Biscuit S7H
....... National Biscuit prefd W
100 National Lead 19'A
National Lead prefd M
300 National Steel 3«%
National' Steel prefd 9<
700 New York Air Brake 168
4,200 North American 19
Pacific Coast 58
Pacific Coast lRt prefd 88
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 67
1.600 Pacific Mall 43H
7.000 People's Gas 100ft
2,000 Pressed Steel Car , It
S00 Pressed Steel Car prefd it
1.600 Pullman Palace Car ...200
800 Standard Rope & Twine 8%,
49,600 Sugar 13OH
Sugar prefd 116
2,000 Tennessee Coal & Iron 72U
J.700 United State* leather 13%
600 United States Leather prefd 75
8.400 United States Rubber 2?%
1.000 United States Rubber prefd 86
400 Western Union 83
100 Republic Iron & Steel 16H
4C0 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 66%
P C C & St Louis 68
2.300 Amalgamated Copper 95%
JS5.6C0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S is ret. when ' M K &T4s,ex int. 944
Issued, reg.. 104% N Y Cent lut« 109%
U S 5s ref. when N J Cent een 5s.. 123
Issued, coup ..105H N Pacific 3s 70%
U S 3s reg 110 N Pacific 4s.. ......105
U S 3s coup 110 N Y C &' St I. 4s. 107
U S new 4s reg....l3SH N * W con 4s 99%
U S new 4s coup..l3SH Or Nav lsts 109
U S old 4s reg 115 Or Nav 4s 104<4
U S old 4s coup.. .116 Or Short' Lln» 6s..127»ti
U S 5s reg 113'4 Or S Line con 5s. 116%
U S 58 coup 113'4] Reading Gen 4s.... 90H
Dist of Col 3. 65s.. .124% ROW lsts 100
Atchiron gm 4e...lO2t« St L & I M con 5s.llS%
Atchlson adi 4s *0 St L & S F gen 6s.l2S
Canada So 2ds 108 St Paul cone 174
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO2% St P C & P lsts...H9H
Ches & Ohio Es....llS |8t P C 4 P 6s..,.ll'ri
C & NW con 7s. ...13* Bo Pac 4s. ex Int.. S3
C & NW BFdeb 5s. 119% So Railway 5s 1127k
Chgo Terminal 4i>.. PS%! Stand R & T ts.... 70
Colo Southern 4s.. 84 Tex & Pac lPts.,.117
D & R G 4s '...101 Tex & Pac 2ds W
Erie General 4s>... 75U Union Pacific 4s. ..137
F W & D C lots. Wabash lsts IK- 14
ex lnt 75 2ds 104'/s
Gen Electric 5s 141 West Shore 4s Ill
Iowa Central 1st*.. 114 WIs Cent lsts SCJ
L & N Unt 4s 100*4 Va Centuries 91H
M K & T 2dc. Il2
MINING STOCKS.
Brunswick HiOntario 6 00
Chollar K'Ophlr 79
Crown Point 10 Plymouth 08
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Quicksilver 1 25
Deadwood- CS Do prefd 7 00
Oould & Curry 55 Sierra Nevada M
Hale & Norcrces.. 15' Standard 2 85
Home*take 65 CO Union Con 10
Iron Silver SO Yellow Jacket 15
Mexican 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — IRubber 2S
Call loan* Sf-4 Union Pacific 7»%
Time loans 4Q5 West End 93%
Stocks— Westinghse Elec... 51%
Atch T & Sta Fe... 40% Bonds—
_ Do prefd 84% Atchlson 4* 101%
Sugar... 130«4 N E Gas & C 5s... 68
Do prefd 117 Mining Shares— •
Bell Telephone 158%> Adventure 6
Boston & Albany. .249% Allouez Mln Co... 1%
Boston & Maine... 195% A malg Copper 95%
Chi B & Q 136H Atlantic 27%
Dominion Coal 40%-Boeton &. Mont. ...329
Do prefd 112% Butte & Boston. ... £8Vi
Federal Steel 49H Calumet & Hecla..840
Do prefd 76Vi Centennial 17
Fttchburg prefd. ...138 Franklin 15
General Electric. ..167 Humboldt 18
D oprefd 145 Oeceola 74
"Ed Elec III 215 Parrot 49
Mexican Central... 13 1 * Qulncy 16»
Mich Telephone 85 j Sta Fe Copper 7\i
N E Gas & Coke.- lJ'ii Tamarack 29o
Old Colony 203 jUtah Mining 34«i
Old Dominion...... 30Vii Wolverines 46
Weekly Bank Statement.
NEW YORK. Dec. L— The reserve require
ments of the New York clearing-house banks
were Increased over $3,250,000 last week through
a heavy addition of $13,010,600 to the deposit
totel and this explains why, despite a gain In
cash holdings of $1,842,300 the surplus reserve
fell off $1,412,500. The expansion in deposits
was caused almost wholly by the Increase of
111.778,000 in loans, the latter factor proving
the moct significant feature of the week. It has
npt escaped attention that the loans of- the
banks since election time have not responded
to the heavy volume of buelnees noted in every
direction. This has caused a great deal of dis
cussion and much theorizing, but as a matter
of fact the banks are now beginning to show
in a belated manner the drains made upon
them. The gains In loans lost week was the
heaviest noted in months, the closing week in
July having exceeded it slightly. The current
statement is better than anticipated, as It has
been figured that the banks have lost an
amount in cash lareer than the actual, total
revealed. The clearing-houce institutions In
their operations with the sub-treasury ¦ here
were debtors to a large extent and the interior
made unexpected heavy drafts for funds. Nev
ertheless the excess reserve - stands at nearly
$11.COO,GOO and as the season is at hand when the
natural trend of money is In this direction
fears for the future have been abated. ¦ An
analysis of the Individual bank reports for the
week, however, show that the changes have
been confined to a few large banks, and these
institutions hold the greater part of the carh
increases noted. The circulation item is being:
watched rather closely In financial circles, more
hf a matter of curiosity to observe the working*
of the new law than with the idea that the
changes will .affect the situation. The banks
reem to have attained maximum circulation
figures at present and slight decreases are the
rule from week to week. The present volume
of circulation reached by the New York banks
Is $30,670,000. It will require a rather power
ful Incentive to mart 'an upward movement.
The circulation is less than half that permitted
by law. There Is reserve power in this fact,
but official* do not apprehend any condition
that will lead to a general effort to Increase
present flcures.
The weekly statement of averages of the as
sociated banks for rive days shows:
Amount. Increase. Decrease.
Loara tSOI.498,100 $11,778,000
Deposits 884,410.900 13,019,600
Circulation 30,670.000 JlS.200
Legal tenders — 60,073,400 310.2OO
Specie 16S.895.000 2,152.500
Total reserve.... 226.968.400 1.892.300
Reserve required. 21S.102.725 3.254. W0
Surplus reserve.. 10,865,675 1,412,800
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dee. 1.— To-dayV treasury
statement shows: Available cash balance
J139.178.79l; gold, 93.255,735.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 1.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were less active here to-day
and the movement was Irregular. Investment
securities were dull, though the average price ob
tained for the exchequer bonds, £92 2s 10d, was
slightly better than that reported yesterday
afternoon. I Americans opened firm, but soon
eased off, some dealers anticipating an ' un
favorable bank statement. Money was plenti
ful. The prlee of bars and eagles was - un
changed. •
Atchlson. 41%; Canadian Pacific, n\\ Union
Pacific preferred. S44: Northern Pacirlo pre
ferred, 86U: Grand Trunk. 6K. Ear silver,
steady, 28%d. Money, 2H®3 per cent.
Exports and Imports.
. New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK*, Dec. 1.— The cotton market
NEW YORK, Dec. 1.— The imports of specie
this week were $45,693 gold and $71,120 silver.
Exports of cold and silver from this port to
all countries for this week aggregate $946,113
silver bars and coin and $2000 gold.
The Imports of dry goods and merchandiso to
the port of New York for this week w»r«
valued at $12,021,525. <*
Exchange and Bullion,
Sterling Exchange. 80 days — $4 !2!4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88-,fc
Sterling Cables «... — 4 87V*
New York Exchange, eight....... — f
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 7H
Fine Silver, per ounce — U%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60% @ 51
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— There was no particular change In
the foreign markets. Private cables from the
Argentine confirmed previous reports of crop
damage and estimated the exportable surplus
for the coming year at less than 50,000,000 bush
els. This caused steadiness in foreign markets.
Deliveries at Chicago were 500,000 bushels, and
Minneapolis reported an Increase In stocks of
41SJXX) bushels.
In this market futures were somewhat stead
ier, but there was no. change on the spot.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, yOUc; Milling, $13
1 02>4 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 2000 ctls,
$1 <m;: 3000. $1 03U; 4300. $1 03H; 18. 000, 11 03 vi.
December— £000, KUc j
Second Session— May— 32.000 ctls, $1 03H- De
cember—4CC0. ?5Vic; 2000, &5Hc.
Regular Morning Session— May— 10,000 ctls,
$1 03 *; aoco, «i 03%.
BARLEY— The f*«llnsr In choice Feed con
tinues firm, as will be inferred by the quota
tions.
Feed, 77^o for choice bright, 75o for No. 1
and 6714072^0 for off grades; Browing and
Shipping grades, 85®85c: Chevalier. . nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Bepslon — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— The market shows no change, being
firm with light stocks.
• White, $1 *0@l 60: Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 20j£l 30 for feed and $1 3501 40 for seed: Gray,
nominal; Black, for feed. $1 12%@1 20; for seed.
$1 20fil 30 per Ctl.
CORN— The market rules quiet and rather
easy at unchanged quotations. California Yel
low. $1 lSigl 20; California White. $1 20: Eastern
Yellow, $1 tO; White, $1 20; Eastern mixed, $1 20
per ctl.
RYE— 85<290c per ctl."
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75<ff2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60©
2 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40g3 60;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75jQ2 10 per barrel
for family and $3 1503 60 for bakers' ; Eastern.
$4 "jigfi 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. S3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3 73; Rye
Meal. $2 JO; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groata, $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 60<23 75; Buckwheat Flour, $404 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 £0; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; In sacks, $5 75*37; Pearl Barley. $3; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $0 E0 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
¦ Hay was firmer, receipts being lighter, but
prices did not change. All other descriptions
were quiet at previous prices.
BRAN— $14<gl5 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@W 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15 50®16 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. 425026 : Job
bing, $26 50: Cocoanut Cake $17018; Corn Meal.
}26«??7: Cracked Com. $26 60@27 50; Mixed Feed,
tl«(Qrl6 50.
HAY — Volunteer, $5@8: Wheat, $11«|13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10@12 50; Oat. $9@11 50;
Clover. $5@7; Alfalfs, $8010: Barley. $7©i
per ton.
STRAW— S5@45c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
All Beans are as previously quoted, and deal
ers dtill report a good demand.
EEANS— Bayos. $2 65®2 75; Small White, $4@
4 20; Large White. $3@3 23; Pink, $2$2 15; Red,
$3#3 25; Blackeye. $3^3 25; Llmas, $5 25; Pea,
$!tM 25: Red Kidney. $3 75®4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $2 25©2 40; Canary,
3Hc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7HC9V6c; Rape. 2^8'e; Hemp, 4@4V4c;
Timothy, 4@4%c •
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2^3 50; Green, $2 15®
2 75 per ctl; Blackeye, $2@2 5a
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Quotations for Peas and Beans represent
sound lots, cooked and steaming shipments go
ing far below them.
Merced Sweet. Potatoes are slightly lower
again. Potatoes Hand an before.
POTATOES— River ¦ Reds. 75@<85c: Burbanks.
S5®50c for River and 90c(g$l 17V4 per ctl for Sa
linas and 75c©$l 10 for Oregon; Sweets, 40@6Oc
for River and 75®S5c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 35@1 60 per ctl; cut, $1 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4@7c per lb;
String Bean*. 6@10c; Limas, 4<j6c per lb; Cab
bage 90c; Tomatoes, 25C0J1 25; Egg Plant. Los
Angeles, 6®8c per lb: Green Peppers, 35®50o
per box: Dried Peppers. 9@llc; Carrots, 25<3SSc
per box; Cucumbers, 25@75c; Summer Squash,
.Sc®?! 25: Garlic, 4@5c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, $10<@*12 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Game were remarkably heavy,
amounting to about 275 sacks, and prices were
demoralized. Considerable stock remained un
sold.
Dressed Turkeys left over from Thanksgiving
were attain offered, and some sold down to Be
per lb. The market was tn poor shape all
around.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. Il@12i4c for Gob
blers and ll.f|124c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
5«14c; Geese, per pair. $1 75(52: Goslings. $1 73
<52; Ducks, iZ'ti* for old and $4^5 for young;
Hens. $3 50©4; Young Roosters. $4©4 50; Old
Roosters, $3 £0@4; Fryers, 13 60ig4; Broilers,
$3 5034 for large and $3®3 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 per dozen for old and $1 50<3t 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1S?1 25 for Valley and for
Mountain; Mallard. 524T3; Canvasback. $2 50,£5:
Sprig. $1 50C2; Teal. $1@1 50: Widgeon, 75c@
$1 23; Small Duck, 75c@$l 25; Gray Geese, $2 50
<UZ; White Geese. $1@1 50; Brant. $1(^1 £0 for
small and $2 for large; Honkers. $4 50; English
Snipe, $150: Jack Snipe, $i; Hare. $16125;
Rabbits, $1@1 25 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush;
Doves, 60c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter closed the week well cleaned up and a
cent higher. There was no change In Cheese.
Eggs were also In light supply and firm.
'. BUTTER— . ' . „„.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 2jS26c; seconds,
2 'Dairy— Fancy, 22V4<$23c: good to choice, 20©
21e; common, l"H®13c.
Creamery tub— M<&22Vic per lb.
Pickled roll-19®21c.
Firkin— lS<J19c.
Storage goods— 21S22C
CHEESE— New, ll^O12c; Old. 10®lle; Toung
America, 12(gl2Hc; Eastern, lSHSMc; Western,
EGGS-Store, 27H@32Hc; Ranch. 35<J36c for
fair and 37H@40e per dozen for good to' choice;
Eastern. 22vt.©39c. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Japanpee Mandarin Oranses are on the mar
ket Other Oranges are weak, and Lemons and
Limes are none too firm.
Grapes continue to drag, as there is no call
for them. Common Apples are slow.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—30i©60c per box for common and
6V><fm for good- to choice; Spitzenbergs, 75c®
$1 25- Oregon Spitzenbergs, $1@1 25.
PEARS— 75cW 50 per box.
PEKSIMMONS-5C&75C per box.
CRANBERRIES — Jersey's. $10<®10 50; Cape
Ccd, $11 60*312 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 £0^2 75
P? ETR°AWBERniES— J2©10 fcr small and $2 50
(IT4 per c!ie«t*for large berries.
RASPHKHRIKK-tr.SiC per chest.
GRAPES-^CQ'SOc l>tr box and $1 50 per large
b °m,ACKBERKtES— $9®10- per cheat.
CITRUH FKUITS-Navel or»n B e». *1 50«2 75:
c/l{iiinr». $1«1 75: Tanr»rlneB. tl »1 5«;
Japanese Mandarins. $1 7S<B2: Lemon*. 25c©$l 2b
for -common and SI 50<S2 75 for gowl to choice:
rfrnre Frutt. $1 r.0@2 W): Mexican Limes. J4@
4 60- Callfornl:* Limes, 25<g3.->c: Ilananaa. $1 a.
JfJ 60 per bunch; Pineapples, $2®3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits', Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes. 3c;
40-SOs 7c; 5O-G0s. 3Vic; 69-TOs. 3%c;- 70-S0b, 3%c;
80-9OH, I%c; 90-lOOs, ZSie; 100s and over.iZe; rn
bles Vi c premium; Sonomas, M,c and San Joa
qulnV. V*c le«» than" Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the rame. Apricots, 69
Sc for KcyaU arid IOCTIO^o for Moorparks;
Evaporated! Apples, 666c; sun-dried. 8H®<V»c;
peaches 4fi5c for Btandanl, 5®«c for choice
and 64&7C for fancy; Pears, IQtc; Plums,
clued i BB6V4c: u n pm* d - 1©1Hc: Nectarines, J®
5u" for red nnd 6HG6c for white.
RAIflNS— The Raisin Growers' Association
ha" established the following prtcea for the
season of 19'»:; Bleached Thompson's fancy, nc
ncr lb- choice, lie; standard. S%c; prime. Sc;
Unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy 10V-C per lb; choice.- 9V4e; standard. S?4c;
Prime, se? unbleached. SulUnas, Sc: Seedlei,
60-lb i>oxe». SHc; 2-crown loos*^Muscatels, fcs
3-crown. 6Hc; 4-crown. 7c; London • Layers, jl
crown, n 50 per box: M 3-crown,. n 60; Fancy
Clusters. »J: Deheta, »S 60; Imperial, $3. A f,
prices f. o. , b. At common shipping points in
C NUTTfr-^Chestnutn. ejne^per lb for California
and. 12e for Italian: Walnuts. No. l .oft
shell, lie: NO. «. «c: No. 1 hardshell, lOc; No. 2.
7Uc; Almonds, H<518e for papershell, »©iio for
eoftshell; Peanuts, 5@«c for Eastern; Brazil
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
opened quiet and steady* c price* S-g-3 points
loweri the decline being more of a sympathetic
move with Liverpool - thatt the result of In
herent weakness. Following the call the maf
ket-rallied on room, support «nd abated after
profit taking sates of commission interests. Eu
rope w»s a light buyer of, the. March and May
contracts. The market closed quiet with prices
bet unchanged to 8 points lower.
* L_ • *
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. Dec, 1.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,0f.6; exports, 21,628. Easy and generally 5
©10c lower to sell, with demand poor. Win
ter patents, |3 60®3 80; winter straights, $3 40
fj3 55; Minneiota patents, $3 »0@4 !5; ' winter
extras, $2 60@2 90; Minnesota bakers', $3@3 25;
winter low grades, $2 45#2 60.
WHEAT— Receipt*. 125,225 bushels; exports,
8118 bushels; spot, steady. No. 2 red, 77%c t
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 76c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 78c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard IHiluth, fcfic f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady and advanced a ltttte In epite ot rather
liberal deliveries on December contracts and
lower cables, being stimulated by further un
favorable Argentine news and rumors of ex
port business. A final reaction due to pres
sure in the late deliveries made the close easy
at Wi'';o net decline. January, . 'S'i&Ti'ic
closed 76T«c: March. 7S%©79 3-lSc, closed 78"»c:
May. 7S">fi&.&He. closed 3S%c; December, 78@
Tfiftc, closed 7<Sc.
HOPS— Steady! Stat« common to choice, 1900
crop, 14$T21e: 18S9 crop. HOlSo; old, 2Q«c! Pa
cino Ccest. 1900 crop, 18@l$c| 1S90 crop, lOJJUc;
old. 2ff«c.
• HIDES— Firm; California, 81 to ZS pounds
We.
WOOk-Qulet; domestte fleece, 24®28c.
CO FFEK— Steady; No. 7 Invoice, 7^c Mild,
quiet; Cordova, eVi^lS^c. Futures closed firm
at 15620 points net advance. Bales were 82.250
bags. Including: December, JO 10; January,
18 20; March, 16 30@fi 80; May, (6 45(^6 60; July.
$C OOiJJO 65; September, $6 6Chg« 70; October, $6 65
66 £0.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 lS-16c;
centrifugal. 86 test, 4 7-16c; molasses stigar,
3 ll-16c. ReHned, steady; No. 6, .4.90c; No. 7,
4.80c; No. S. 4.70c: No. P. 4.60c; No. 10. 4.55c;
No. 11; 455c; No. 12. 4.50o; No. 13, 4.50c; No. 14,
4.60c ; itandard A, 6.40c; confectioners' A, 5.40c;
mold A, ft.Ste; cut loaf, 6e; crushed, 0c; pow
dered, fi.TCc; granulated. 5.6Cc; cubes. 5.75c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 9730 packagen; creamery.
17iff25c; June creamery, 19023c; factorj'. 120
16ttc.
EGGS— Receipts, SS73 packogta; etrongr. West
ern regular packing, at mark, *0@24c; West
ern. 168s off. I7c.
DRIED FRUITS,
The market for evaporated apples ruled rather
quiet, but about steady at old prices on the
basli of 4fr5c for State common; prime, 4%
®JVic; choice, &%@C\ic, fancy, tti\ic.
California dried fruits were Inactive:
PRUNES— Quoted nominally at 3'-i@8ttc per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS-Royal, ll®14e; Moorpark, 16gU6o
PEACHES-Peelad, 16®Z0c; unpeeled, 6®9c.
Nuts. 13c; Filbert*. 13c; P"eeans. 11©1Sci Cocoa
nuts, S3 60®5. -
HONET-Comb. nUQUKc for bright and 12VJ
®13c for light amber: water white, extracted,
7V<iSc; light amber, extracted, 6Ht®7cj dark,
6®«He per lb.
BEESWAX— 24©28c per lb.
Provisions.
There la nothing; new to report.
CCRED MEATS — Bacon. He per lb fcr
heavy, Il*49l2c for light medium, 12%c for
light, 13tfe for extra light and 13S15»4c for
sugar-cured;- Eastern sugar-cured Hams. HHc;
Mess Beef. $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess. $13;
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork, J16; extra
clear, $19 50; Mess. $17; Sm«ked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tiercea quoted at G\c per lb for com
pound and 9Kc for pure; half -barrels, pure
914c; 10-lb tins. lCc; 5-lb tins, lO&c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrels. 8%e; three
half-barrels, &%c: one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces.
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are quoted weak, with a downward
tendency in steers.
HIDES AND SKIXS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c: medium, 9c; light. S^c; Cow
hides. 8Vi«i9c; Stags. 6V4c; Salted Kip, S^c;
Salted Veal. 9V4c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry nid«3,
16c; culls, 14c; Dry Kip, 18c; Dry Calf, 18^l7c 
culls ami brands, 14c; Sheepsktas. shearling3.'
ZU@50o each; short Wool, JO^iOo each; medium
60<BSjc; Ion* Wool. 75c«$l each; Horse Hides,
salt, t- M 'or large and $1 for medium. $1 ij
for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small
and 25@50c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins. Sic: fall or medium skins. SOq; winter or
thin skins, 17H@20c. Goatskins —-Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth. 60c; medium. 35c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4Hc per lb; No.
2. 3fsc; grease. 2$r2Hc.
WOOL— Spring Clip Is quoUble as follow*:
Northern, free. 16016c: Northern, defective. 12
@14c; Middle County, free. 14016c: .Mliidlo
County, defective. 12ai4c: Southern Mountain.
11 months'. 9@10c: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. ll@Uc; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', 9(8>llc; Humboldt and Mendacino.
18®17c; Nevada. 13©l8c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. «H€Sc; do lambs'. 8
Cf9c: Middle County, »@10c: Northern Mountain,
free, 10@l2c; Southern Mountain, TVWSiHc:
Humboldt a«d Mendoclno, 12Q13C per lb.
HOPS— 11HO15C per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Receipts of all descriptions are moderate and
the market 1* firm.
BEEJ>-^Sc for Steers and €®<Hc per lb for
Ccwjf.
VEAL— Large. S®8Hc: email. 8c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers.. S38^4c; Ewes, 7%S8o per
pound.
LAMB— S®9c per lb.
PORK-Llv» Hogs, 5Hc for email and 5%c for
"medium and 5^4fi5ftc for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. 5^5%c; dressed Hogs. 7K@SHc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln -Bags, $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June- and July. 6%e; Wool Bars.
2SV4632ttc; Fleece Twine. nic; Fruit Bays.
6H©6%3 for white and 8tf®S?ic for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, »» 60; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end, J9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel. $1J per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand.
RICE— China mixed. J4 25@4 30; No. 1. $4 70-gl
4 85; extra, J5@5 50: Japanese, $t 9505 50; Louis
iana. VS7; Hawaiian. {4 75#4 S7H per ctl.
SALMON— Round lota are quoted as follows:
Alaska red. $180; medium do, $110; pink. 55c:
Columbia River, Chinook. $1 75 for tails and
$1 85 for flats: barreled Salmon. $10 for Alaska
barrels and *3 50 for half barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Keflnlng Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c: Powdered, 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c; Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tlon-irs* A. S.Cec; Magnolia A. 5.25c; Extra C.
&.15-j; Golden C. 5.05c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 60-lb bass.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.40c: boxes, 6.65c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. DECEMBER 1.
"Wheat, ctls 2.9K Hay. tons 158
Ftour. qr sks.... 6.4C~ Straw, tons 37
Barley, ctls 3.3C0 Mustard, ska 5*3
Onions, sks 500 Wool, bales...... 223
Oats, etls \,W< Tallow, ctls 2C5
Beans', eks 2.3£3 Wine, {rals 49.X50
Potatoes, sks 12,171 Raisins, bxs 1.750
Middlings, sks .. TA Lime, bbla 455
Pelts. Mis 115 Sugar, ctls 1,900
Hides, No 26S Quicksilver, flsks 220
Butter, ctls 232 Leather, rol'.a ... 71
Cheese, ctls 30 Etrgs, doz 9,240
OREGON'
Flour, qr sks.... 18.073 Onions, sks 254
Potatoes, sks .... 2,5?) Bran, sks 1,937
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900.
Chicago Grain Market
Foreign Futures.
tivtly narrow market for stock* to-dar and the
toae was not wejl defined. at any time. Large
¦ nd confident buylnr cf a few railroad tsxpckm
trc* • In evidence, but this was partly offset
fcy the eharp treakneM of & number of In3u»
fiait an<J epeeUHles. and tbe whole market
turned downward with the appearance of the
NFTW YORK. Dec- 1
—There was a compar*-
31
STATIONS
La*t I This |
24 Hours! Season. I
I Season
ka
Blaff
amento ....
Krancisco..
i t
u.n
€.C9
.04 6-TO
| 5.S5
4.S8
1.14
8.66
6.7»
1.70
20.2S
7.M
7.10
7.71
S.52
1.22
S>5
2.50
1.28
> •• •• •
STATIONS
La*t I This |
24 Hours! Season. I
I Season
ka
Blaff
amento ....
Krancisco..
i t
u.n
€.C9
.04 6-TO
| 5.S5
4.S8
1.14
8.66
6.7»
1.70
20.2S
7.M
7.10
7.71
S.52
1.22
S>5
2.50
1.28
> •• •• •
OCT. ATI TBAVZL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamer* leave Broadway
K». wharf, San Francisco: ' ¦
Vfcas^^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m .
• F^'o^5S»__ Dec "' 2> 7> 12 - i: - ?¦¦ Jan - '•
[w^r|!^ ''har>R<? to company's stearr.^rj
W*5*?V^Tll For Vlrtr> ria. Vancouver •*:.
Ci^^-^«j£Sii C). Port Tcarnsend, Seattle.
¦ Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea
and New Whatcom fWash.)— it
! a. m.. Dee. 2. 7. 12, 17, 22. 2.',
Jan. 1. and every fifth day thereafter. Chanc*
at Seattle for this company's steamers -for
Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacorca t'o
N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry
i For Eureka. Humboldt ' Bay— 2 p. ra. Dec
4. 9, 14. W, 24. 2t Jan. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San X>ie?o. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Lea An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 0 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cara-
eos. Port Harford (San Luis OblspoK Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bortta, Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Cay, San Jose d*l
Cabo. Mazat'.an. Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guayrr.as (!««.)— 10 a. ra., 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates ar.d hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFKICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agerits.
10 Market st. San Franclsgo.
TREO. R. & 3. GO.
•- DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 18 a. m.
CACC *12 F'rst Class Including Bertlj
I Ant $8 Second Class and Meals.
GEO. W. ELDER sails JCov »
COLUMBIA sai!3 : .' D»e. 4
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Eutte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through ticket to all points East. . . ".
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
830 Market »t
TOYO KISEN KAISHI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF-. COR-i
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. -rn.,'
fr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllas at
Kobe (Hloso), Nagasaki and Shanghai, :and
connecting at nonskong with steamers for In-
dia, etc Xo cargo received on beard en Say '
of salltnK. • .
PS NIPPON MARTT „ .'
Thursday, December i, 190(1
SS. AMERICA MARU :
Saturday. December 13. 1300
Via Honolulu.
SS. nONGKONG MARtT -
.» Thursday. January It. 190t
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelcht and passage apply at company's office,
V»l Market street, corner First. : ,
W. H. AVERT. Genera! Agent -
AMERICAN LINE.
1X7 TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON. LOXDOH. film.
Stoppinjr at Cherbonrr, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. ra. '
Bt Louis IVC. 5 St. Louis r>ec 21
New York Dec. X*. New Tork Jan. -a
Eout'awark Dec. 13
¦'-'* 's' RED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday; 13 noon.
Noordland .'. T)ee. 8 Westernland ...Dec 28
FrleV.and Dec 12 Kensington Jan.. 2
South war* Dec. 19 ,
> For freight and p«s«ace apply to . -•""."
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
»> Mcntgorcery st. ¦ Or any of Its agenta."
SS. ZBALANDIA (Honoluln only) " "
..._ Monday. December I. J p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .,
Tuesday. December 4,4 p.m.
SS. SIERRA.- for Honolulu, Samoa, Now •
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. December 12, 9 p. m.
1. D.SPRECXELS & BBSS. CO., Gicsral AosiU. 337 Marftrt St
Ssa'l Passsj«j3r OfSa, 643 Haricst St., Pitr No. 7, Pasif s St
COMPAGNIE GENSRALE TKAN3ATLASTIQITE.
DIRECT LINE TO ItAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, inst-ad o* 4&C*?Fy*i
Saturday, from November 2. 1S93. at"3 |1 ««af*
U a m. from Pier 42. North River, foot ot
Morton street. First-class to Havre. $55 anil
upward, i Second-class to Havre. $42 50 and up-
ward. GENERAL AOENCY FOR UNITED)
STATES AND CANADA. J2 Broadway (Hudson
tulldlng). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO..
Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue,
San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER^STEAMERS.
Steamer "Monticallo.** • -
MON. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:15
a m.. i:15. 8:30 p. m. tex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days 1 p. m. and *:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m. ; i
p m. Landing and office, MlMlon-street Dock,
Pier No 2 Telephone Main 1208.
FARE Sto
AUCTION SALES
GRAND RUCTION SALE
FJNEST LOOKING AND EEST BRED. ,
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS,
Offere<l This Tear From the
ANTRIM STOCK FARM,
CIIAS. KERR. Proprietor. • '-¦ 1
MONDAY EVENING. December 3, 1900,
Commencing at 7:43 o-'cloelr.
OCCIDENTAL E0R5E EXCHANGE*
721 Howard St., near Third. ¦ ¦¦•/*•'.
Horses In salesyard. Send for. catalogue. •
WM. O. LATNO. Auctioneer. .
ADCTION SALE
5^ of 5^
30 Head of BROKEN DRIVING,
EXPRESS, MILK WAGON, BAK-
ERS and WORK HORSES. .
MATCHED TEAMS.
Property of J. B. NIGHTINGALE
GREEK VALLEY FARM. COHDELlA.
To be sold on " v - -;.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, I9Q0,
At B A. ]S.. at
PALESTAHD, 1732 MARKET ST., COTJ. VANf
NESS AVE.
CHASE A CO.. Livestock Auctioneer*. ". .'
Succe««ors to Kltllp & l.'o.Gus C. SaviUe, Actor, Is Arrested for
. . Assault With a Deadly
Weapon.
fi«f C. SavUl*. a vaudeville actor, ap
peared before Judge Frita yesterday on
the charge of assault with a deadly
xrofipnr,. He was. instructed as to his
rights and the case, was continued until
Tuesday.
SavilJe has oe-n doirsr a "turn" with his
t\:fe at a resort on Market street, near
Golden Gate avenue, and she became jeal
ous of his attentions to another perform
er. They had a quarrel in the greenroom
laXm Friday ni«ht. and Saville picked up
e lamp and threw it at his wife. The light
lortunaiply vent out before the. lamp
i truck her. but her left forearm was cut
t y the broken glass. .
The police were notified and SavIIle was
•rrepted at an early hour Vestorda y morn
.Jnj? on E!!is street by Policemen Joy and
Olarke. Mrs. £avi]!e was taken ti the
Receiving Hosnltal. when* her wounded
arm was aiten-ded to.
THBOWS LIGHTED LAMP
AT HIS JEALOUS WIFE
Grand Display
The s=ho«* trurrt Sale, has exhibited In
their -windows the 55 50 shoes that wil! be
«=o!d to-morrow for $1 S> a pair. 2000 pairs
at men's viei kid ar.d box calf J3 50 shoes
i-4-morrow for Ti 85 a paif, at the Bee
Hive Shoe Company's trust sale, 717 Mar
ket stivct, rear Third. •
GADSKI ONCE
MORE THRILLS
IN "LOHENGRIN"
Sings the Part of Elsa With
Her Usual Lplendid
Qn nnaoc
CUl/tDu&i
"La Traviata" Fails to Draw a Crowd
; at the Matinee— "Kigroletto"
Will Close the Grau
Season.
To-night the last programme of the
season — and a very good one — "Rigoletto "
will be put on. with Suzanne Adams, of
whom we have heard bv no means
enough: Saleza, Louise Homer (as Mad
oalena} and M. Scotti, in one of his be«t
roles, as Rigoletto.
Mr. Blass was a satisfying f^einrich, he
having a rood, round, full bass, and Mr.
Dufriche. the herald, exhibited his rag
time tremolo to utmost advantage in the
herald role. It is too bad, that vibrato,
for the voice Is most pieasing- in duality
The enthusiasm all through was most
marked, and the choruses and orchestra
Ciine In for a large share of the appre
ciation, not to mention the "man at the
wheel," Damrosch.
Oh, but we missed our Blspham, in
spite of the fact that Muhlmann's Telra
mur.d was good, only in comparison with
the superb picture of the part that Mr.
Bispham paints for us. But Muhlmaan's
Telramund was exceedingly well sung,
though quite without tne vital depth that
tells the story £ven in its tone, which Mr.
Blspham has in so high degree.
In tho acting, too, the part lacked the
vivid touch of the first Telramund, and
one is beginning, in evening up the sea
son's accounts, to find that Bispham is
one of its most brilliant figures — one of
its highest lights.
Gadskt repeated her previous success as
Elsa, though her voice had hardly the
fine freshness of the opera's first hearing.
And Schumann-Heink, the glorious con
tralto, even she — from four nights of
Wagrner, the insatiate — had a little tired
ncte in her gorgeous voice. But she Is a
tremendous figure, none greater in the
whole Grau company, and the sense q{ It
grows upon one with each further hear
ing of the satisfying creature.
Mr. Van Dyck again sang the "Lohen
grin," and him, too. I have heard in bet
ter form. But he has so intimately the
broad Wagner note, the large, placid dig
nity of the role, that his work is always
distinguished.
The night's "Lohengrin," an outside-of
the-subscription performance, was attend
ed by another of the season's big crowds,
which signified its pleasure in the render
ing with a heartiness which has grown
to be the recognized atmosphere of all
but the Wagnerian evenings.
MancineLi conducted with his usual
masterly ease, thorough, quiet grip of
every available orchestral resource, and
his wonderful sympathy with every shade
of the singer's tonal shading and rhyth
mic values.
Crcmonial, the Aliredo of the afternoon,
has been in liner voice, too, but he is the
sweetly sentimental hero or Italian opera
from the crown of his Byronic wig to the
toes of his velvet shoes. Campanari sings
a manly, sufficient Germont. He is a
thoroughly reliable artisk The rest o-f
the work is well undertaken by Mme.
Van Cauteren, Mile. Bauermeister, Ma
siero. Bars, Dufrlche and Giilibert.
Meiba ¦was not in an inspired mood for
one thing, but what an infinite satisfac
tion it is every time she opens her moutn,
with or without tne inspiration erf a dra
matic sympathy with her rolei She plays
the part rather as if she despised it, in
a perfunctory, haif-hearted fashion, only
waking up to the sentimental tragedy of
the conception in spots.
Still, comparison is not criticism, but
the juxtaposition of the two operas was
too obviously singular to pass without
noto. To the larger proportion of tne not
l^rfe'e audience me comparison was ptr
naps not possible, but that tng. opera is
not in h:gu tavor even on its own merits
was apparent enough from the many
empty seats and the lack of the heart-to
heart element In the appiause.
It gees hardly with most things that
come between numbers in a .Wagner
week. a.nd yesterday afternoon the trim
little "Traviata" fared ill indeed from its
conjunction with "i-iOherigrin" and "Got
terda.cmmerung." "La Travjata," with its
ingenious trills, roulades and simple har
monics, eauie with an absurd effect of
antl-ciimax after "Die ciotterdaernmcr
uag," to music what "Paradise Lost" is>
to i.ierature, a colossal epic.
We have had a Wagner week of it with
the Grau people at the Grand Opera
house, the four-night "Ring" to begin
with and "Lohengrin" last night with
which to top off the programme.
Canners Sued.
Jarnps T^ Board of Chicago began a suit
ta rasfty yesterday in the United States
Circuit Court agrainst the California Fruit
<.*-fcn'ners" Association for. an accounting,
• n injunction and damages for infringe
mf-nt cf a pa t<*in for- a "can body" ma
chine. " •
Greek-American Bepublican Club.
The Greek-American Republican Club
will meet at B. B. Hall. 121 Eddy street
to-morrow evening. I-resident X Vait
anos will preside. A full attendance is r»
ouested.
The aftermath 6t the big gridiron game
of Thursday has brought to light many in
teresting details that were clouflod from
general view. During the first half Cali
fornia's fierce assaults by Captain PTjnfle,
Warren. Smith and Gammon forced the
ball dangerously near the cardinal goal.
It was not done by the easy, effective,
well executed jabbing through the liw, as
in tho game of a year ago, but only by
the dash, strength and determination of
individuals, team play not being much of
an element. Now and then Stanford
braced up and the mix-up became one of
intense man-to-man, strugle. The first time
Berkeley came •within the shadow of the
Palo Alto goal posts Captain Burnett of
fered to bet Captain Pringle anything
from $25 in money to after season suppers
for the crowd that California couldn't put
the ball over the cardinal goal line. Piay
stopped an instant while the men ban
tered. The effect of the remark was,
seemingly, to fill the men who were being
rushed down the field with ginger enough
to stop Berkeley short and win the ball."
After that incident, the Stanford men
say, they never once feared that their
goal line would be crossed.
One play of the game was tinged, with
a possibility which, had the on-rushing
cardinal halfback and end, "Pie" Smith
and Tom McFadden, realized, might have
developed into an incident similar to that
which won the game for Stanford. in 1594.
In that game Charley Flckert blocked a
punt from the foot of Ransome, who with
Cochran, the Stanford tackle, rushed at
the ball. The simultaneous bounds of the
players at the ball caused it to be knocked
about fifteen yards down the field toward
the blue and (fold goal. Cochran reached '
• : —
BURNETT AFTER
PRINGLE'S MONEY
Incident During -tie Foot
" ball Game on Thanks-
giving Day. •
weakness by shouting from the side line
almost any statement of a loud nature
even general, in terms of admonition, is
discountenanced. Umpire Hoagland sent
Stanford back five yards when a cardinal
Player shouted from the side line, "Now.
make it nvo yards .more." Hoagland la
conically remarked, "That will cost you
rellows five." It is the consensus of opin
ion that both Hoogland and Referee Good
win were fair and efficient officials in
every respect.
The player who was worst injured dur
ing the game was "Stub" Raitt, the Stan
ford quarter. Coming from a bereaved
home back to college last Saturday, the
plucky little fellow on being removed
from the game when a bad fall had
stunned him, let nervous reaction take
sway end wept bitterly in the arms of two
brother players. »"-,-¦ ¦
•There will be no game with the Colum
bia team, and Harvard, Yale or Princeton
it first, the ball lying "dead" after the
roll. Such was the case in Thursday's
game. Smith was ahead of all the play
ers after Tommy MeFadden had blocked
More's drop kick, with a free field in front
of him. In the «rame of '94 under the con
ditions stated Cochran kicked the ball
about thirty yards over the line, fell on It
himself, scored a touchdown and won the
game for Stanford. In this game of 1900
Smith could have come very near doing
the same thing. It is detracting nothing
from his football ability that he did not.
The incident was one, however, wherein
the football maxim "Always drop on the
pall, don't try to pick it up.", might have
been very advantageously disregarded.
Iwice during tho game of Thursday the
Stanford team lost ground under penalties
inflicted for '. side-line coaching. This
coaching, contrary to popular idea, need
net necessarily be a carefully planned pol
icy. To let your side know the other side's
NUMBER OF STREET .
LIGHTS US' CITIES
Gas Inspector Tapper Prepares an
Interesting Table on Municipal
Illumination.
Gas Inspector Tupper ha* prepared the
following table showing the number of
Inhabitants to each ttreet light in the
principal cities of tho United States In
1898, figuring each arc light equal to five
gas lights:
are not possibilities. Columbia -would corns
"West for 75 per cent of all gate receipts,
but after three months of hard training
Stanford men feel it unwise to continue
the rugged practice necessary to whip the
team In shape to meet the Columbia boys.
It is realized at Stanford that Tost has
done a great thing for the cardinal In
bringlnr back the championship to Stan
ford, and If Eastern coaches are again In
order in 1901 he will undoubtedly be asked
to coach again.
Says Children Were Neglected.
Omar J. Humphrey superintend
ent of the Pacific Whaling Company, has
been sued by his wife. Emma H. Hum
phrey, to recover 556310 alleged to have
been expended by her in purchasing neces
saries for their children, Paul Omar and
Wildes Pierson Humphrey, who are now
In the . custody of their father. • Mrs.
«£ mph v ey^ ecuted a divorce on April 23.
1897. _She then went to Portland, but re
i^JSS?*^ tnls u cltv , recently. When she
arrived -hero she. allege* that she found
her children sadly neglected. Sh« pur
chased necessaries for them, shs allege*,
ana now sues to recover the amount
Mate^CountySi 1^! 113 eXtend to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2, 1900.
32
CITTES.
0
!
gkn FruialBco.^ ...... 340,000 1,600 40
S^°" ••!• ' MO.OOO 11.187 44
«,!? ', Tork — - W.900 ...
iSm** ••"" 1.383.000 33.*25 5S
I " mor « s e5;,000 6,254 [ 101
Omaha ••• 100.0CO WI 120
CITTES.
0
!
gkn FruialBco.^ ...... 340,000 1,600 40
S^°" ••!• ' MO.OOO 11.187 44
«,!? ', Tork — - W.900 ...
iSm** ••"" 1.383.000 33.*25 5S
I " mor « s e5;,000 6,254 [ 101
Omaha ••• 100.0CO WI 120
1 ~-"~ — ' — " — "—- : — ~ — ' ;.' -' — ¦•"•¦••••¦•"•-¦• • •- ¦-•• ¦ ¦ ¦¦ • ¦• .-¦-^^^^^^?* a^ m P mmill '' mm * m ''''^ l ' l ' mm * m *^
omil , 0^' 1^^^ 9^'^^ store to-morrow afternoon at 1 o'clock on his first trip
Z Z, h-i n t £n %L Z M 1S J'?f '!^ nds want fop Christmas, watch for him on the streets-he will have something
¦lwh O ii v i Z %rm£lJl°7"v ar n- to E'Shth, to Folsom, to Army, to mission, to Twenty-fourth, to Bartlett, to Twen-
tieth, to Valencia, to Market, to Van Ness, to Golden Gate avenue, and then back to the store/where he will arrive at 4 oTdock
•tSSNM^ztJk Jroods and ., game of -donkey, party ] iron cabs with horses T th - nartm , nt
tmSlk Sf" 7f\\ PffMS- JWea EBSf 5 ! choice M t?-'ffH
Wt^MS haps they do / // \\ \ "o n fire enjnne. 0R . do ,i' 5 KO . carts 'J" U!U ° >*^ business, iris on^ #^#
W^PSPSw in some stores - © ' sets of children s dishes [ /OC • IS inch jointed kid dolls "45)0 / of the larpe. vital |T^T«U5
\ggg&& Ss> ' —but not here. \\\ /// toy trunks and pianos . fine 13 inch iointed dolls l I important interests Wj-^ali
¦ . . , „,.,,» .., \\\ /// P re «y dressed dolls Bdb Hi jrranite ware tov dishes fiflRn n^-^-n that receives abun- iv^H A «\
hand-painted, celluloid handkerchief X^^/ cows on platforms «««»• footballs OQUIIi W T^jJ dant attent i on . }'ML H &V
and glove boxes-each 2«;c to.... ?3.OO n inch kid body dolls J ' violins with bows J ri\ china after, dinner //*¥*&%*$
celluloid photograph "holders— each /S^ AC\ white enameled bureaus "I paWof ' hWhaii T LJV- ¦ cups and saucers— V // >Pw/
45c to $2.00 ¦ //¦ S/Xh children's teasets 'JLkW* ''¦ t . Dase ° all 1J • gfe new tints and dec-
U >^/ J? 16 inch jointed dolls ftflO Hfi Same of pot of srold nhn ipn W W orations— per cup
calendars— finished and mounted on Sy^ kid body dolls IUU game of West Point cadets wHUlUC W <^ and saucer lOc
gold-plated metal— each 50c to' ..?1.5O \\r-^X^ childien's rockinpr-chairs • q9(j 14H inch kid body dolls . QQp <s> seven-piece fancy Klas* water «ets.
c • 1. j mi • r. i- jz£ZL-j(Q\ ttJe story-books uuu fancy Noah's arks . "uuu rr decorated in ereen and eold— per set
finished pi lows m Roman applique /^pHK^ chatterbox of natural his- QQph . . boxes of lead soldiers oanh .-..!.-•-":. .ZT^OSo
designs on blue, red and srreen grounds Ji +A J tory • BdUH. iron horses and wagons 63CI1. H2^^^ ramakins in dozens of pretty style*
-finished with cord to^ch-^ach.^ game of Km Kruurfe J • mechanical animals .
.................... . an ., -. \_^ j ets of pewter dishes *| ft L ft j Art 18 inch dressed dolls 1 l • 1 * fanc T cuspidors in assorted colort and
pillow tops of tan art ticking stamped z^T 5< dolls RO-carts CIlOICB 21 inch kid body doll 3 CllO C6 *•' " shapes-each. 44c
with tinted poppy designs— the newest • J^go^fH fnn^hniiV* *"" **" OQn iron express teams ftft «.: -k bon-bons in several pretty shades and
and prettiest pillow tops we've shown l]§ 3ainiIli yf typewriters "uOu- woolly sheep IJjjQ l&fcr^vi decoration»^-each 29c
this season, finished pillow can be seen V^^^JIjL-cb white enameled pianos flonh woolly jIors Z&j^^^k china cracker jars in the latest shapes
at the department-price, each 5Oc V — -ZZ^^ J™ drums 62011. fairy arl 5 s . fiBdh vWM?ty *nd P«ttily decorated-7 inches hi e h-
¦ .- • J game 01 ring toss J **»*wiii \^_r~jisr^s£' each • ..'••••••••••••«••.^1.49
manicuring, facial massagc, shampooing", restoring hair to original shade, halrdrcssin^ -mezzanine floor-met modern appointments thconghty expert opcatoT,
another interesting sale of ribbons furnishings for the holidays important offerina of art snuares
first floor-third aisle, firBf ?„„ , • , J ""fjuriuni orwrmg or an squurca
... ... , ,, , nrst .floor — fourth aisle. I second floor— take eWator
good quality of these much wanted nbbons at these temptinR prices: •••••.. g . • . . . . . . . I . ... . . . . . . . . .50o room for the proper difplay, of this class of^teJSSdiSs «S wiSJ
no. 1 iJ4 1 1-3 VA J^Vti 1 v fandkerchiefs with hand- the manufacturer ta that effect, he asked us to keep the little lot we had—
price per yard 3c rf 1-3 4c «c JJ?™ ed^ '"»£» ls ~ P"t up 6 in fancy . at a price, we did! and now it's your turn, note the prices— four sires:
pnee per piece 2oc 3Oc 35c 40c > T n^? x : "~'-; •• 1 ' 00 size 9*7*4 feet— each. . .$2.95 size io^xo feet— each. .$4.1O
of 10 yards^ blS^newS^TcaTm^' Ind S 9X9 +. l2 % ?cet^ach....*4,T5
price per yard flS 5c <Tl-4o camel'i hair wool-per box of six pairs attractive Values in IdCe hosier/
price per piece 43c 45c 55c 65c ••....... *.» first floor— fourth aisle.
°i ? Y i -^ • Sl/Verware ,. Iace hosiery is in Rreat demand this season and you should know
fancy corded taffeta nbbons— almost three miles of unusual value, they first floor— fourth a ;«V whe f e J * hc , best «pdes are sold at the least prices, the followin* tells:
are all pure sijk, 3^ inches wide, and the color assortment includes prac- something for*verv x^nt^ «h»U £u Ql !- adies fast bI^ ck ho i e A !?I id lace effects— double soles, heels and toes
tically every pretty combination that is used for neckwear, they would be thl I?£C f™Jv 7 l t • ~^ /2 to IO ~ pcr dozen 9 2 -°°— single pair 23c
moderately priced at 18c to 23c a yard-these would be our prices recu- ZLt 7. ~ someth^ \?. T every fancy ladies* imported full fashioned lace ho« in zig-zag patterns-Henns-
larly. Some would doubtless ask more for them. This lot wffl be ££- SSS "f"C * va u « hke ?«" ¦« ** dorf dye-made with high spliced heels and double soles-skes 8 to Vo-
bled upon the tables to-morrow and priced at.per yard. ......... !l^?o JoSSSn here. stores, but they are per box of six pairs 91.9O_ 8 mgl e pair ™. . . . Z .aSc
Wamsutta sheets and cases way underpneed hp^l*". 91*06 (^) to-morrow starts the greatest of a/1
first floor-first aisie. wYi^ach^Vi^ JS&L holiday handkerchief sales at Male's
this sale offers a chance to secure a winter's supply of the best bed sterling silver' cream . ijflRpSbk fir8t floor-second aisle.
ww«7m, e i^,? ? C <°a °fu tbe s t eetin K b y yard, with all the ladles, each ... -.91.00 Jf> fl/ l|v • this sale wffl hold sharp interest for buyers whose ideas run to the
n?i nnt^St S«. l« C .°, U - '» S^ ets d c ? sc * are torn from th « 8terlin^ silvcr thim- i^^jZM Vraetical in Rift-makinsr and who know the necessity or feel the deslr*
piece— not cut— thus assuring straight edges when laundered, the sewing bles. each 25c •ft^T'S^JS to make their money purchase the limit of value, there are so inany
«f & C ™ operators, and all seams are stitched perfectly straight, some heavy plated brush, fe^C^M styles that we could fill this whole pa«e in . telling abemt them, but <man-
\lr i? n hcm^ ltched Wlth the ncw spoke stitch, which adds to their comb and mirror sets. iMMMF titv is of littIe significance except that the bigger the variety the more
wear as well as appearance.. [n f Dresden satisfying is the effort of choosing, we give prominence to just S
hemmed sheets — hemmed cases boxes, each,....;.. .$3.25 items and ask you to accept them as specimen vahiesv
size 54x90 inches — each.. 50c size 42x36 inches each 16c children's knife, fork and spqon sets. ladies' pure Irish linen handkerchiefs with borders of pretty point
size 63x90 inches— each.. 65c tize 45x36 inches— each.. 17j4c quadruple plate, each ?2.00 d'esprit and yalenciennes lace— swiss handkerchiefs with borders of dainty
size 72x00 inches — each.. 70c size 50x36 inches each .'.22c hand engraved butter dishes— quad- ' needlework in entirely new effects^ —^and pure linen hemstitched hand-
size 81x90 inches — each..SOc size 50x38^ inches— each!.22^ c plate, each $2.00 kerchiefs in \i, U and Vi inch hems, all at, each 25o
size 00x00 inches — each.. 85c . hemstitched sheets— <itntinne»ri/ ladies' lace trimmed and embroidered handkerchiefs in handsome fan
/sv size 63x09 inches— each 75<s • " oiuuunvi/ . shapes lithographed boxes— six pretty and entirely different styles in each
"^^1^ s ! ze 7 2x 99 inches— each 85c society notepaper and envelopes, per box, just the thing for an inexpensive holiday remembrance, per. box
jy . E =jft size 90x99 inches each.81.OO superior quality silk fiber notepaper children's printed border handkerchiefs in fancy boxes, with colored
¦J/ (^^^\^— •'•"%. size 00x108 inches ea SI 10 and cnve^°P cs » P* 1 " box 49t illustrations of nursery rhymes and fairy tales, three handsome handker-
J7 V__ ./\ l\l h^mef't h A ' ¦ Waterman's fountain pens with solid chiefs in each box. per box ". 25c
/ (A 1 size I5xi6 SchJT M rS 22x/*. gold points— will last a lifetime— each.. ladies' pure Irish linen and sheer swiss hand- _^-f»^
X \ \ \\W s ze llxlii irich7^!S;?^Kn -° 5c kerchiefs-some have borders of mechlin lmoe A ~5sTVA
V \\ IV. sizeiSx^ nchHa^c leWelrV in the new butterfly pattern, some have borders /\ U
W I \ \ \\\ * si?e <AxAni/ tnrhpc—^iTino jcrrcnj of mechlin and valenciennes lace gathered on- tj\ »f« Vjli
\\l- " \\ 1 N W size 54x40/2 inches-each. 30c boys' solid silver watches-perfect footing, and still others have scalloped borders l\ %$& &
\ >| \\ 1\ yv^s tenms flannels— pretty stripes timekeepers— each 94.95 embroidered in exquisite designs, choice, each/ \ £?* jS-V
\ 1 W m CN^ -° n t, g -i colored . grounds— 27 men's Waltham watches, with hand- BOo UJ»Wf
' \ 1 \\ AW >K mC u wld fT pc / f[d. ........ i/c engraved solid gold hunting cases- ladies' pure linen handkerchiefs with hce trim-
\ \ \\ 1 /) . heavy white bed blankets— 72x84 each $24.35 med. embroidered, scalloped and fancy hem- /^^^<^%\
\ \ Vv \// inches— regular price S.^.oo a pair— nn**a*a : .titched borders— many different styles— «I1 new / *^&*iy«5«3
\\ \\r no .T •'/•; 94.39 ¦ : OUrSGlS 20th century designs— the handsomest handker- / \ *S
\\ \\\ , bleached canton flannels— 25 Warner's "Hilda"— a low bust, me- chiefs we know of at the price, choice, each / \ 3
\\ Vj inches wide— worth 8 i-.ic a yard— dium skirt 4-hook corset of an excellent ; : 91.00 L l Vj3
\\ y on lv . • : • • : ;••;:¦• v 6e grade - of black sateen, lace-trimmed ladies' handkerchiefs with lace trimmed imita- *?&£a» JBr
\\ — -^>-^ . stltc j 1 . ed , comforts— double bed tops— the most popular straieht-front • tion drawn work borders— six different styles in fc^ ¦5? t3e ifir
\-<^^ size— filled with white cotton— corset at the price on the market— per pretty shell shaped Christmas box. per box %ff '" •¦"¦=:
v--^ worth $1.75 each— only..... Jpl.35 pair : ....91.00 ; $1.50 T5
if any doubt about your eyes, costs you nothing to find out about them-our graduate optician will examine them free, and unless necessary will not adviw *la««««
each, there are a dozen or (fe^J<^' M^i^S T% CiOQI>~L&l*^^ A d T^^ / * n t*? 1 ™
the lot is worth a dollar. W?^%b Market street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate avenue. § tnd brass tnnxmlnRs and
our orice 79<* .. t . • r \ I "« *4 inches . Ionjr— while
uur yi»-c - . nil cable-car* on Market street paw Hale** X$\^ they last-^each. . 91^08
. to " out-of-town- friends-wo want your ma H orders and will give yon satisfaction
ADVEBTISSMEIgTS.
I "THE CREDIT HOUSE" j
\ Six Stories tiioh •
¦ "TtZ^^^^tiZ&^&^j^l. ' lit '
Encourage yourself and i
your household in having |
good books by having aj
good place to keep them, i
You have made gifts of j
books; give a book - case j
this time. This roomy one is a j
piain design br.t its quartered oak, in I
golden finish and harmonious propor- •
lions makes. it handsome. 4*4 feet •
high, 2, 'i wide:' glass locked donr; 4 !
¦adjustable shelves $8.10 j
Extra beddinz this coo! weather. A 5
fresh, new lot of Blankets, in every J
weight and grade. Comforters of ev-fi
ery material good ones are made of. ;
$1.25 up to *2o for rich silk covered. •
Turkish colors and patterns and vel- ¦
vety finish- in the new Nubian Rugs. !
Good wearing quality, too. 27x54 in. ;
bound ends. A rug for any room $1.05 j
' Ft** Delivery in Oakland, AUmeda, Bericeley ',
& CO. j
(Iccoriwrarefl) ;
S3S-235-237 PmJ St. Opmm Kv+ningv j
dN| JOHNSONS
|W DIGESTIVE
Bm CUftEDHHVI
, N|§ipK
1 TAILOR-MADE SUITS. %
-Jade in the latest fashion, elejnintly 2
q tailored and perfect filtinjr. ready-made O
8 ¦ 4$%m3&£ :i " d made t0 ordn " 2t 0UT . we!1 known ®
» ~ POPULAR PRICES, ' $10.00 to %
I %8§L JACKETS, BOX COATS, 1
g AUTOMOBILES. ' |
O M^^f^^^^. ••roved by fashion. The fit and finish ©
10^^^^^ ' f ° Ur srarrncnts car| not be surpassca. ®
2^^^^^^^^^^ Our well-known POPULAR PRICES. §
• J^^^^^S F «r Capes and Collarettes I
8 '¦¦' jPJMJplJjS &fy Real Mmk.Capes....$.15 to ?175 %
G . - : i V'M^ Siberia Sable Capes.. 94O to ?2OO ©
O Ms^S| -S Near Seal Capes $15 to $40 %
O -COfy Lai NATION FUR COLLARETTES at $3.O5. 95.OO. j?«.oi» •
o .97.50,^10.00. ' •
0 COMBINATION FUR CAPES. 96.50 to $35.00. J
• SILK PRESS SKIRTS. $8.50 to $4O.OO. £»
5 STYLISH MADE CHEVIOT SKIRTS. #5.OO to $12.f»O. «
2 .RAINY-DAY SKIRTS/ GOLFING SKIRTS. l?2.00 to ?12.5O. «
g -.FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTS, $2.00 to $0.50. e
B FEATHER BOAS, real Ostrich. Black, Gray, Natural. $7.50 to $25. •
9 .-' ,a... ¦.'.-•¦'-. : ©
0 '•¦ ¦ ' - ' ©
I CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE j
5 1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST. §
Fur Hat J
Special
$3.85 ¦'
Monday we place on sale
the nobbiest assortment of fur
hata that ever came out from
New York— hats made to sell
for $5.00, $6.00 and $7.5;o.
We won't try to tell yoa
about them — couldn't, in fact.
But you'll find our windows
full of them and they'll speak
! for themselves.
LTKe
e.oa