WASHINGTON. Dec. 11.— In ths
House to-day a resolution
was adopted for the appolnt
,ment of r. special committee
of five members to Investi
gate the death of Oscar L. Booz of Bris
tol, Pa., which .occurred recently as a
result of hazing received while a cadet
at West. Point. This course was taken
over the head of the Military Committee,
which reported in favor of allowing the
War Department to conduct the inquiry.
When the House met to-day Hull, chair
man of the Military Affairs Committee,
reported back from that committee a sub
stitute for the Drigga resolution for an
Investigation of the alleged "hazing" of
Booz at West Point. The substitute Is as
follows:
"Wheroas.lt Is alleged In the newspapers
that Oscar L. Booz of Bristol. Pa., for
merly a cadet at the United States Mili
tary Academy at West Point, died at hl3
home from injuries purporting to have
been the result of hazing Inflicted upon
him by certain unknown cadets of the
said military academy: and
"Whereas, The Secretary of War is now
making Investigation of the facts,
"Resolved, That scid Secretary is re
quested to report the result of such in
vestigation to the House of Representa
tives, together with such recommenda
tions as he may see fit to make."
The report of Secretary Root, together
with that of Superintendent Mills, Is at
tached to the resolution. The presenta
tion of the resolution and the reading of
the reports of the Secretary of War and
Colonel Mills aroused great Interest in
the House.
Slayden of Texas, a member of the
Military Committee, expressed the opin
ion that the reports concerning hazing
at West Point had been grossly exagger
ated.
Clayton of NeVr York, who was himself
a graduate of West Point, defended the
Military Academy. He said there was no
necessity for bringing up the Dreyfua
case. The record of the academy stood
for itself.
"Why not Investigate, then?' asked
Wanger.
i "The academy fears no Investigation,"
replied Clayton. "The son of a washer
1 woman and a tuillionaire are on the same
footing when they enter the academy."
From his own personal experience Clay
ton said he knew that the reports of haz
ing were greatly exaggerated. The sen
timent of the cadets was against brutality
or doing anything unfair. Hazing as it
was practiced years ago, he said, had
been stamped out. • -
, Hay of Virginia favored a Congressional
investigation not, he said, because he be
lieved there was any ground" for the
charges, but because an investigation
would vindicate the academy and the ca
dets.'
In concluding the debate Hull said he
had little faith in Congressional investiga
tions. It was erroneous to believe tha't
the army was interested in shielding
West Point, and he told what had been
done in the last five years to stop hazing.
"If the charges of hazing should be
proved," asked Driggs, "is there any law
which could reach the cadets who par
ticipated?"
"The gentleman can answer that ques
tion as well as I." answered Hull. "But
if proved, If the War Department does not
take steps to dismiss the guilty ones from
the academy, Congress will."
Drlgg3 of New York, the author of the
original resolution, protested vigorousiy
against the adoption of the substitute res
olution, as it did no't include provision for
an investigation of the general subject of
hazing at West Point with a view of put
ting a permanent stop to such practices.
He declared that the practice of infam
ously hazing "plebcs" at West Point was
notorious. Driggs said that he would
be in favorof abolishing the academy it
these brutal practices coold not be stop
ped. {Applause.)
Wanger of Pennsylvania, who ap
pointed Cadet Booz, spoke In favor of a
Congressional investigation. He said he
did not presume to know the exact de
tails, but responsible persons had made
statements relative to the case which had
profoundly moved the people of the coun
try. The gross outrages known to have
been committed at the academy in the
past, he said, had aroused the conviction
that the officers of the academy and of
the army were so Jealous of the fair
name of the academy that they guarded
it as indiscreetly as the officers of France
guarded the Dreyfus scandal. He was
not opposed to receiving any Information
the Secretary of War had on the subject,
or to the proposed Inquiry by the War
Department, but he Insisted that only a
Congressional inquiry would satisfy the
country. Such an investigation would
bring out the facts and lead to action
which would forever prevent cadets being
the victims of hazing In the future. Wan
ger said that at the proper time be would
offer a substitute for the committees 'res
olution providing for an Investigation by
a special committee of five members of
the House who should have the power to
send for persons and papers, and If neces
sary proceed to West Point, and that the
committee should report within sixty
days. Wanger's resolution for a special
committee of five to investigate the case
was then adopted without division. The
Speaker appointed the following members
to constitute the committee: Marsh of
Illinois, chairman; Wanger of Pennsylva
nia. Smith of Iowa. Driggs of New York
and Clayton of New York.
MILLS MAKES FULL DENIAL.
Hazed by Cadets.
Refutes the Charge That Boos. Was
WASHINGTON. Dec. lL-Colonel Mill*.
superintendent of the Military Academy,
has entered the broadest denial, based
upon a full Investigation made by himself
of the report that the- lata Cadet Oscar
Booz was hazed and otherwise mistreated
at the academy. The Secretary of War
has transmitted Colonel Mills' report t >
the House Committee on Military Affairs
in answer to the House resolution on the
subject, and has accompanied it by the
statement that at the instance of Colonel
Mills he has appointed the board, con
sisting of Major-General Brooke, Colonel
Gillespie and Colonel Clous, to meet at
West Point on the 15th Inst., or as soon
as possible thereafter, to Investigate, noc
only the Booz case, but also the methods
employed at the academy to prevent haz
ing.
Colonel Mills' statement is quite long.
He says he had no personal knowledgo
of Booz, whose record at the academy he
submits to demonstrate that there was
no medical evidence of any mistreatment,
but that his resignation was attributed
to weak eyes and a poor record in stud
ies. Having carefully Questioned cadeta
who were classmates of Booz. Colonel
Mills finds that the cadet had no trouble
prior to August 6. 1S3S. when he had a
ttst fight, witnessed by six cadets, all of
whom are now at the academy. Two
classmates of Booz testified that the lat
ter invited them to attend the fight; that
he went to it and engaged in It willing
ly, and in the beginning was the ag
gressor. All the cadets testify that the
encounter was short, of little severity
and Booz was In no way Injured or
marked. '•
On the testimony of the cadets Colonel
Mills al3o denied specifically the story
that tabasco sauce was poured down
Booz's throat, and that be was called
"Bibles" or ridiculed on account of hU
religious belief. In conclusion he aakj
for the investigation which the Secretary
has ordered.
Wanger Deelares Officials Seek .to Hide
the Truth as Freneh Array Guarded
the Dreyfus Scandal.
Orders an Inquiry Into the Death of
the Young Cadet at West
Point Aeademy.
HOUSE TAKES UP
HAZING OF BOOZ
ate of the Nicaragua canal bill until the
treaty is ratified.
Secretary Hay's attitude has been mis-
Interpreted by his friends. Senator Frye
among them, who have been anxious to
have the country understand his position.
The Secretary Is very deeply interested
in the fate of the treaty, and be earnestly
supports the President In his desire that
it shall be ratified unamended.
The British Government accepted, with
out a suggestion of change, the treaty as
drafted by Mr. Hay and approved by the
President, and the administration. In view
of the concession made, hesitates to offer
an amendment which vitiates the great
principle of neutrality the convention
enunciates.
It Is stated positively that Mr. Hay
never said to Senator Fry© that he would
or would not resign In case of the rati
fication or rejection of the treaty. What
the Secretary did say was that no one
was authorized to state that he would
tender his resignation stoqJSld the treaty
be rejected. Close, friends of the Secre
tary do not expect, in any event, that he
will remain In the Cabinet throughout the
next administration.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, 1405 G
STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON. Dec.
U.— "An amendment of the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty will. cause indefinite delay in
the construction of the Nicaragua canal."
ea'd a high official of the administration
to-day.
Lord Pauncefote, British Embassador.
has communicated to friends his belief
that Lord Salisbury will decline to agree
to the Davis amendment, in which event
the treaty will fail.
Even supposing the British Government
accepts the amendment, administration
men aay, it cannot be expected to act Im
mediately when the United States Senate
has considered the treaty for almost a
year.
It is conceded to be practically impossi
ble for the amendment to be ratified, pre
suming the British Government will act
favorably, before^the close of the present
session of Congress,* and the canal matter
¦will consequently go over for another
year.
It seems to be the impression of the
members of the Cabinet. that the Presi
dent will oppose Jhe passage by the Sen-
CANAL BILL MAY GO OVER
AT LEAST ANOTHER YEAR
Probable Result of the Delay in Acting Upon
the Hay-Pauncefote Treaty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
known participants In the Paoting-Fu
atrocities were publicly shot.
Retracts Objectionable Language in
Note to Von Waldersee.
While this was going on patrols were
scouring the country to the west and
south, and while engaged in this
way on the 23d inst. a patrol
of the Sixteenth Bengal Lancers
was fired upon from . a fortified village,
Kushan, about twenty-five miles north
west of Paoting-Fu, and three of the men
were wounded, one severely. On the 24th
of October a small force of some 250 men
with one pom pom, -under command of
Lieutenant Colonel Phayre, Third Bom
bay Cavalry, left Paoting-Fu and burned
Kushan, killing 100 Chinese In the at
tack. Kushan was a well-known Boxer
rendezvous.
On the 26th the French column had an
engagement, taking a town nine miles to
the south of Kushan and killing 200 na
tives. Four Krupp guns were captured,
and the loss to the French troops was
twenty-one killed.
The return march was Uneventful.
CHAFFEE SENDS AN APOLOGY.
BERLIN, Dec. 11.— The German Foreign
Office authorizes the following statement
regarding the Waldersee-ChafTee Incident,
based upon a cable dispatch just received
from Field Marshal von Waldersee:
"General Chaffee wrote Field Marshal
von Waldersee a letter In a rough tone.
Field Marshal von Waldersee refused to
receive it, returning the same to General
Chaffee. The latter then wrote a sec
ond'letter apologizing for his objection
able expressions/whereupon Field Mar
shal von Waldersee invited General Chaf
fee to breakfast and the Incident was ami
cably closed." . ."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1.— The War De
partment has received a report from Gen
eral Chaffee of the incident that' occurred
at Peking in connection with his repre
sentations to Field Marshal von Walder
eee. -It appears that General Chaffee did
use some pretty vigorous language In
protesting against the thieving and loot
ing of tho foreifpi troops'.- -What particu
larly hurt Count von' Waldersee wa* a
poluted reference * by. General Chaffee to
the fact that this disgraceful and unmili
tary practice of looting was being in
dulged in, not by tho nun. who did the
fightins and opened the way to Peking
but by the "late comers who had "borne
.none- of the brunt of conflict and hard
ship. Waldersee himself did not reach
Peking until long: after the expeditionary
force had occupied the town. «f
It is recognized here officially that Gen
eral Chaftee had provocation for his de
liverance, but regret Is felt that he -used
this tone. in addressing the Field Mar
shal. ,
PARIS, Dec. 11— An official of the
French Foreign Office, speaking 1 about
General Chaffee's position in regard to
looting, said: . . •
"The fact is principally, regrettable be
cause It Is likely ,to result In a break of the
concord under Field Marshal von ; Wa!der
see. Either Waldersee Is the International
commander of all 'the . forces in China, or
his position' is an imaginary one. As;the
present status has apparently been quite
satisfactory, anything which might occa
sion a break in the ranks Is disagreeable."
The' Foreign Office official also said that
Italian Deputies Vote Down a Reso
lution for Their Recall.
. ROME, Dec. 11.— In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day the Socialist Kroup intro
duced a resolution calling on the Govern
ment to recall the Italian troops in China.
Signor . Sarraco, the Premier, made the
following reply: ".
"•To recall the troops would be impru
dent and unjustifiable at the present mo
ment, when negotiations for peace are In
progress. - Moreover, * Italy .Is entitled to
reap the advantages of her participation
in the action of the powers in China. The
Governmeht'desires that the negotiations
in Peking should be pressed forward as
much as possible and will withdraw the
Italian troops from China as soon as* the
dignity of the country will allow."
"~The Chamber then rejected the resolu
tion by an' overwhelming vote.
WILL KEEP TROOPS IN CHINA.
complete.
At the meeting of the provisional gov
ernment held to-day, the United States
was represented by Captain Dodds of the
Ninth Infantry- All of the governments
have entered into the plan except France,
whose representatives Insist that the
French territory shall be excluded from
the rule of the commission appointed. A
number of subcommittees were appointed.
Several high Chinese officials, on being
asked, expressed a desire ', to assist.
Though army officials have been appoint
ed members of the committee. It ¦ la the
desire of the generals to make the rule
civil as far as possible. Japan was placed
on the charity committee on account of
the amount of rice' she commandeered In
August, most of which she has now.
to-day. He says that his powers to nego
tiate with the foreign envoys, though con
ferred by telegraph, are absolute and
Ministers Decide Not to Await Au
thenticated " Credentials.
PEKING. Dec. 10, via Taku, Dec. 11.—
At to-day's meeting of .the Ministers,
called to consider whether Li Hung Chang
and Prince Ching had power from the
court to conduct negotiations for a set
tlement on behalf of China, some of the
Ministers stated that they were author
ized to treat with them as representatives
of China, while others, including the Ger
man Minister,' had not received instruc
tions in the matter.' All decided,' how
e%'or, that as soon as Sir Ernest Mason
Satow, the British Minister, 'shall have
received word to agree to the Joint note
they will commence negotiations with LI
Hung Chang and Prince Ching, unless
otherwise Instructed by their home gov
ernments.
Count von Waldersee has turned over
$(;3,000 as the British share of the result
of 'the' Paoting-Fu expedition U> General
Gaselee, who, in turn, gave the money
to Minister Satow to be used for the bene
fit of the Chinese who may need help
during the winter,
t Li Hung Chang visited General Chaffee
WILL TREAT WITH EARL LI.
the order stopping the packing of the
astronomical instruments at Peking
caused a desire that France should learn
definitely her International rights—wheth
er she was entitled to their possession.
Arranging as a Basis for Serious Negotiations a , Short :: Preliminary
Protocol That Leaves Many Questions'- to Separate Conventions to.
Be Drawn Up Later ard Considered by the Interested Powers
LONDON, Dec. 12.— "Reports from
Chinese sources," says the
Shanghai correspondent of » the
Times, wiring Monday, "point to
the probability that serious nego
tiations for peace will begin forthwith. It
is believed that a short preliminary pro-
tocol is in process of arrangement, leav
ing many questions, including commercial
subjects, to separate conventions, to be
drawn up later.
"The powers Bhould retain their troops
in China until these questions are settled
and until tangible evidence Is given that
China honestly intends to fulfill her en
gagements. Progressive Chinese regard
the present 'as a great opportunity to over
throw the reactionary Manchu methods
and to Inaugurate a regime of national
progress.
"It Is urged that the powers shall insist
upon the cancellation of the claim of the
present heir-apparent, Prince Tuan's son,
and the substitution of an heir of full
age, free from any connection with the
Tuan party. Such a man is available,
and the step is declared to be legally pos
sible."
The Morning Post published the follow
ing telegram from its Peking correspon
dent, dated December 10: "The French
have refused to participate in the scheme
of a police committee for Peking,- formed
under the direction of Colonel Baron Gayl,
In which the American member Is Captain
Dodds. The Russians have been excluded
because they no longer exercise control
here." ;
m
OFFICIALS PUNISHED.
Sentenced to Be Hanged for the
Paoting-Fu Atrocities.
TIENTSIN, Nov. 5. — The International
expedition to Paoting-Fu, after repeated
postponements, at length commenced
operations on October. 12, when, from Pe
king and Tientsin, there started simul
taneously three columns.
The Tientsin columns were commanded
by General Baellond of the French army
and Major General Lome Campbell, the
former taking a direct route to the north
of the waterway to Paoting-Fu and the
latter a more circuitous route to the
south of the same. At Machou, a small
walled city, on the 17th of October,. Gen-,
eral Campbell received a letter, from' Gen
eral Baellond, stating that . the French
had occupied Paoting-Fu on the 13th Inst;
without opposition, having anticipated
tho . actions of the allies and broken the
promise that they '.would await other
commands.
On the 18th Tienchou Hslen was reached,
and on the 21st the British forces reached
Paoting-Fu. s-1^'4
The fanti, or- chief provincial treasury
ofllcial, the manchu, commander of the
forces, and the chief magistrate of Tien
tsin were found within the city, and an
international court of Inquiry was insti
tuted to determine their guilt in regard
to the murders at Paoting-Fu during the
first week of July. After a hearing the
officials were found guilty and sentenced
to be hanged, the sentences being referred
to Field Marshal von Waldersee for hia
approval.
The fantl wa* degraded by being com
pelled to walk through the streets of the
city under escort to the place of his con
finement. On the same day thirteen
In their going out.
"The only operators that have left their
k«?ys on this division are four boys— one
e.t etorey. one at East Yard, one at Por
tal and one at Fernandez. They had been
Mudenta at $1L or J20 a month until the
Santa Fe rave them their first Job. In
their gratitude they so out at the drop of
the hammer. They were all replaced yes
terday by a special train which came
through bearing Chief Train Dispatcher
Kobert Hamilton and the road ia running
hf usual, all trains being run on schedule
time. Beyond the four boys who went
out at unimportant point* there has been
the Santa. F« agent, made the following
*tateinent to-day in regard to the strike:
"As far as the Valley division Is con
cerned not a train has been delayed by
the strike and even the o\'erland is run
ring as usual. Yesterday it was but fifty
minutes late, but the strike had nothing
to do with that. The overland is some
times much later tlxan that. There are
two operators here— S. W. Bornes and J.
M. Smith— and both are at work with no
intention of striklne. With the strike
practically over there would be no sense
VALLEY DIVISION OPEN.
A-gent I/ehmer Says Mot a Train Has
Been Delayed.
STOCKTON, Dec 11- — O. W. Lehmcr.
Thus Declares Vice President Barr of
the Santa Fe.
CHICAGO, Ucc. 11.— To-night Third Vice
President J. M. Barr. superintendent of)
the operating department of the Santa Fe, !
notified all the .'.gents of the company not
to employ any more operators, as enough
rn'-!i ha<l li(-«>n engaged to till the places
vacated by the telegraphers who re
t-j-MTii!' <1 t<. the strike rail.
F{'.f< rring to the report that th<? com
j:.ny wh* iillinsr strikers' places with in
c«,mp<; ;u operators. Prosidfnt Barr said:
"\V. did write to two schools in Iowa
«f--kinp fur competent operators. The men
rent us In every Instance were thoroughly
examined, and will have to pa=s another
examination when they reach the places
to which they are assigned. We do not
want the old employes to return. Their
j-'arcs have been filled with competent
rnr-n and we will retain them."
"The strike i^ practically over, and our
business is normal," said President Rip
ley. "A little delay and some annoyance
has been the burden of our trouble. The
report that officials of the company are
opposed to labor unions !s false. We have
DO quarrel with labor unions. On the con
trary, we believe they are a good thing
when properly conducted."
STRIKERS' PLACES ALL FILLED.
DENVER. Dec 11.— J. B. Comstock,
the day operator, and the night
operator, whose name is said to
toe Williams, were driven out of
Sedalia by unknown men at 8
o'clock to-night. Both are non-union
operators, filling the places of strikers on
the Santa Fe. Comstock was shot through
the upper portion of the right arm. The
wound is painful, but is not dangerous
unless blood poisoning should set In.
Three men of a crowd of seven men
loitering about the Santa Fe station at Se
dalia entered the room where Comstock
End Williams were Fitting. "Throw up
your hands," said one of the men draw
ing a revolver. Both operators obeyed
and while one man held a revolver the
other two searched the operators for wea
pons.
Williams was standing close to the
<5oor and while Comstock was being
Fcarched he bounded through the door.
The man with the revolver dashed aftfer
him and tired two shots. Williams dis
appeared in the darkness and has not
been heard of since. It is thought that
either he is hiding in the mountains or
that he was fatally wounded and died
Fome distance from the station. Comstock
believes Williams was shot.
After the escape of Williams Comstock
was ordered away. Comstock turned to
run out of the depot and the man with
the revolver shot him. He fell and the
men fied. A few minutes later a Colorado
and Southern train came in and its crew
found Comstock and he was taken to St.
Anthony's Hospital in Denver.
At Castle Rx>ck last night a party of
masked men took out Operator H. R. Wil
eon, tied a rope around his neck, led him
to the nearest trestle and grave him the
choice of jumping off or leaving town.
"Wilson walked to Sedalia. The mob
dosed the station and set the danger
cignals.
At Monument It is reported late to
night that the operator was driven out by
citizens. The non-union telegraphers at
Palmer Lake, two non-union operators
f r< in Kansas City, were driven away by
a crowd of men last night. They went
Quietly and were net hurt. As at each
placS where similar acts of violence have
been resorted to by the strikers and their
friends, the danger signals were set so
that trains would not run past the station.
Special detectives have been sent out
from Denver by the Santa Fe to hunt
down the men who attacked the non
union operators. At the headquarters of
the Order of Railway Telegraphers in this
city this statement was made. It was
fa id that the shooting of Comstock was
dnne by sympathizers with the strikers:
"The people are with us," said the head
cf the order here, "but we don't want
tb^m to go to shooting. At Palmer Lake
•nd Castle Rock the people will not feed
th* non-union operators and this is the
case at several places between Denver
End Pueblo."
DENVER. Dec 1L— The local committee
of the Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen
held a secret meetlntc to-day and dls
cussed the question of aiding 1 the Santa
Fe's telegraphers by means of a sympa
thetic strike. It Is said that It was prac
tically decided to submit the question to
a vote of the body Immediately. If this
is done the result will be known by to
morrow.
Four new operators, it is claimed by the
strikers, walked out to-day at offices be
tween Denver and Pueblo and others," it
is declared, will follow suit as soon aa
they can be reached and the situation ex
plained to them.
Sympathetic Strike.
Discuss the Question of Joining in
TRAINMEN" HOLD CONFERENCE.
"The Santa Fe Company Is using super
human endeavors to run passenger trains
on time, but is not making much head
way. Freight traffic is becoming more
and more congested, and the situation will
steadily grow worse, and 'time' and per
ishable freight will fare badly."
"Railroad travel at best is surrounded
with grave dangers and these are en
hanced a hundredfold when trains are not
properly handled through special orders
by competent and experienced telegraph
ers.
"The situation to-night Is more encour
aging than at any previous time. The
telegraphers on some parts of the sys
tem who returned to their desks on forged
information that the strike had been de
clared off or temporarily settled went out
again when advised that some unscrup
ulous persons had been tampering with
the names of the Order of Railway Tel
egraphers' officers.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 1L— D. G. Rogers,
local chairman of the Order of Railway
Telegraphers, gave out the following
Etatement to-night:
Work Are Again Out.
Says Operators Who Returned to
CHAIRMAN EOGERS SANGUINE.
After the crash the wrecked way oar
caught lire and was destroyed and a car
next to the caboose, loaded with wheat,
was also burned up. The track was
cleared In a few hours.
The air brakes of the stock train stuck
two miles from Olathe and the freight
ran into it. C. Nicholson, the conductor
of the stalled train, says that when his
train stalled he went back to do th»
flagging. He says his train started, so he
lighted a fuse and started to get aboard.
Calling out the stockmen- when he saw
a callislon was inevitable, all succeeded
in p-etting out of the way car but one.
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec 1L— A rear-end
collision occurred this morning between
two Santa Fe freight trains near Olathe,
wherein one life was lost and several per
sons injured. A north-bound freight
crashed into the rear end of a stock
train and both were wrecked. Noble
Thomas of Emporia was burned to death
in the cabooec- t. the stock train and hia
father was badly mancled. They were
on their way to Kansas City with stock.
The absence of the proper facilities in the
way of telegraph Is thought to have
caused the wreck.
ties Costs a Life.
Absence of Proper Telegraphic Facili-
WBECK ON THE SANTA FE.
FOREIGN MINISTERS CLEAR THE WAY
FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF LASTING
PEACE IN THE EMPIRE OF CHINA
no strike on the Val1»y division between
Fresno and Point Richmond and there
will be none."
plete Failure.
MANAGER STODGE'S STATEMENT
Declares That the Strike Is a Com-
TOPEKA. Kans.. Dec. 11.— General Man
aper Mudge Fays that the Santa Fe strike
is a complete failure and that the road is
finding no difficulty in filling the places
made vacant by the operators. He still
maintains his place at the key in the gen
eral telegraph office, however. In an in
terview Mr. Mudge said to-night:
"Our business is running normal again.
We have kept train movements steady
under the train order system. It has been
satisfactory enough to run the trains in
the same way that other Western roads
run them. But the Santa Fe has block
signals, as the others have not. We are
using the block signals from Chicago to
Newton again. I gave the order for re
sumption this morning.
"The bogus message for operators to go
back to work, which J. A. Newman says
his name was forged to. went on the
wires sure enough. It was taken on* the
wire in the general office, at the shop and
at Holliday. Where it originated I don't
know. Mr. Newman's personal message
of protest reached me late yesterday
afterncon. There has been nothing further
heard about the matter since I replied last
night."
Mr. Mudge'B reply was as follows:
"Your wire to-day. Am also surprised
that any official should forge your name.
Do not believe It has been done. Please
give me facts and name of official that 1
may investigate. There will be no ob
ject In endeavoring to get the men back
to work, as we are refusing to permit
them to go back, as you very well know."
All the striking operators received no
tice to-day that their services would no
longer be required by ihe company. Su
perintendent Sholes claims that there are
only 150 vacancies on the force of teleg
raphers yet to fill and that this will b-»
done in a short time.
The company claims to be able to re
ceive and care for all the ordinary busi
ness with which It may be intrusted and
that as far as the strikers are concerned
the road need not recognize tbeir exist
ence.
One Receives a Bullet in the Arm and
the Other Is Believed to Be
Badly Wounded.
BLOOD IS SHED IN
SANTA FE STRIKE
Mob Drives Two Operators From Their
Keys at Sedalia and Fires
Upon Both.
CHINESE SHADOW PUZZLE— WHY ARE TWO GREAT GENERALS
DOING WHAT IN WHOSE TENT?
VOLUME L.XXXIX— NO. 12.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.THE NOTORIOUS PRINCESS CHIMAY, WHO AFTER HAVING OB
TAINED A DIVORCE FRCAl HER TITLED HUSBAND MARRIED THE
HUNGARIAN GYPSY RIGO.
TALKS AGAINST
SUBSIDY BILL
» »
Clay of Georgia Opposes the
Measure Before the
Senate.
Sharp Debate Occurs Over the Mon
tana Senator ship Tangle,
but No Action Is
Taken.
WASHINGTON. Dec. ll.-The first
speech In opposition to the ship subsidy
bill In the Senate was delivered to-day
by Clay of Georgia, one of the minority
members of the Committee on Commerce,
which reported It to the Senate. He is
recognized as one of the most vigorous
opponents of the bill In the Senate and
during nearly two hours he was accorded
close attention by Senators on both sides
of the chamber. Hanna, who expects to
reply to Clay's argument, gave him a
particularly uttentivo hearing.
In the early part of the session a lively
colloquy was precipitated over the refer
ence to committee of the oleomargarine
bill, just passed by the House. It finally
went to the Committee on Agriculture.
This was a victory for the friends of tha
bill.
There also was a sharp debate over the
Montana Senatorshlo cas<e, but no action
was taken, the matter by consent going
over temporarily.
To-morrow no business session of the
Senate will be held as the time wll! b<?
devoted to the centennial of the estab
lishment of the seat of government In
Washington.
The resolution offered yesterday by
Hanna for the appointment by the presi
dent pro tern of a committee of three
Senators to make the necessary' arrange
ments for the inauguration of the Presi
dent on the 4th of March was adopted
without debate.
"Mlra-.Valle," P. Klein, Sauterne type, claret
Grand Vln. Depot 612 Geary street. •
Stops the Cough.
Ana works oft the Cold. Laxative Bromo-
Quin'.ns Tablets cur* a cold in ons day. No
Cure, No Pay. Price 76 ceou. •
ROBERTS HOMEWARD BOUND.
for England.
Field Marshal Sails From Cape Town
CAPE TOWN, Dec. ll.-Fleld Marshal
Lord Roberts, with his wife and daugh
ters, sailed for. England to-day on the
Canada. . . .. - .
PORT ELIZABETH. Monday, Dec. 10.—
A number of persons suspected of plotting
to murder; Lord Roberts during his visit
here recently abandoned their schemes on
learning that they -were shadowed.
Camera Supplies.
Cameras, photographic supplies, kodaks,
albums for " unmounted photographs,
printing p.nd developing:. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market fit. .
FREIGHT WRECK ON THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINE
Brakeman and Fireman Lose Their
Lives, Four Others of the Crew
Being Injured.
OGDEN, T'tah. Dec. 11.— A disastrous
freight wreck occurred on the Southern
Pacific one mile west of Fenelon station,
near W««I1p. Nev., at noon to-day, a
help*-r engine crashing into a double
header freight. The dead:
TIMOTHY KENNEDY, Ogden. brake
man.
— Duncan, fireman, resider.ee unknown.
The seriously injured: Kred C. Stokes
Ogdcn. engineer; — Blandish, brakeman,
residence unknown; C G. Sadler, en
glnorr. Ogdfn: Fireman Oliver.
i°»,. cl K S i e garters with the British post,
which lost three killed, five wounded and
thirteen missing.
BRITAIN VOTES WAR FUNDS.
Supplementary Fund of Sixteen Mil
lion Pounds Advanced.
LONDON, Dec. 11.— When the House cf
Commons went into committee of the sup
ply to-day William St. John Broderick,
the Secretary of Staie for War. intro
duced the supplementany estimates of
£16,000,000 for the army. He admitted that
the Government's expectations had not
been oversanguine and that it anticipated
that the expenditure to March 1 would
be little short of the outlay the Govern
ment had been incurring during the whole
fiscal year. He added that the Govern
ment's policy was to pursua the war wl'h
the strongest possible forco -and a con
tinuous stream of supplies so that peaco
may the more quickly be achieved Mr
Broderick added that he believed the Govl
ernment was now asking for the final sum
required for this abnormal war.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt. Liberal
expressed the opinion that the House had
not heard a more distressing confession.
Although his original opinion of the cir
cumstances leading to the unhappy war
was not altered he would oppose the vote
The whole secret of the Government's
miscalculations, he said, was this: It was
in no wise a conflict of governments, but
a. conflict of races. He thought that now
they had overthrown the governments
of the republics by overwhelming force
of arms they should deal with the brave
burghers remaining, not by perpetually
increasing the expenditure but by a noi
lcy of reconciliation.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman said
that the Secretary of State for War had
made a frank statement as to the new
condition of affairs, and he expressed a
hope that the Government would bring
home the volunteers. Mr. Broderick re
plied that It would be Impossible for the
Government to give any pledge on that
point, as Lord Kitchener must be sup
pled with many mounted men.
Timothy Healy remarked: "A war be
gun in braggadocio and hypocrisy has
brought humiliation to England, and the
culprit is In the Colonial Omce."
Henry Labouchere expressed the opin
ion that the guerrilla warfare In South
Africa might last for two years. The
supplementary estimate of £16,000,000 was
then adopted by a vote of 284 against 8
The House having gone Into Committee
of Ways and Means, the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach ex
plained that the existing borrowing pow
ers of the Chancellor amounted to only
£5,000,000. He moved, therefore, a resolu
tion authorizing him to borrow by war
loan exchequer bonds or treasury bills
£11,000.000. He said he did not expect to
use his borrowing powers until February
or March, and he asked the House to
postpone any discussion on the subject
until the third reading next week.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman ex
pressed his approval of the . resolution
which was agreed to.- The committee"
then. arose and the House adjourned.
Denies Report of Czar's Action.
THE HAGUE. Dec. 11.— The Transvaal
legation says It is authorized to contra
dict the report that EVnperor Nicholas
has telegraphed to Mr. Kruger an inti
mation that he will net receive him.
• BERLIN, Dec. ll.-In the Reichstag to
day, on the resumption of the debate on
the estimates. Herr Bebel, the Socialist
leader, concurring in the remarks in the
Reichstag yesterday of the Imperial
Chancellor, Count von Bulow, as to Ger
many's policy in the Transvaal question,
said:
"We have every reason to be on friendly
terms with England without thereby re
stricting our freedom. At the same
time I consider England's methods of
waging war in the Transvaal as being
barbarous and detestable."
Continuing. Herr Bebel trenchantly
criticized the German rebuff to Mr. Kru
ger. saying that If President Loubet re
ceived him Emperor William pould have
done the same. For two hours Herr Be
bel bitterly criticized the general policy
of the Government, and the Chamber,
which was evidently ready to touch other
questions than those of the budget, fol
lowed him intently.
"We are only at the beginning of a
financial and economical depression," he
said. "The official figures show that the
finances of the empire are in a horrible
condition.
"Emperor "William." he continued,
"ought, least of all, to have turned hla
back upon Mr. Kruger, especially after
the telrgram of 1S96. which the Socialists
disapproved, but which the Center and
the whole Right approved."
What the Imperial Chancellor had said
yesterday in the Reichstag was precisely
what he (Herr Bebel) had said in 1896.
Herr Riohter, the Radical leader, who
spoke even more powerfully, said he had
come to the conclusion from the speech
of Count von Posadowsky-Wehner that
the latter was not in accord with the
views and promises of the Imperial Chan
cellor.
After criticizing Emperor William for
"allowing himself on very Important oc
casion to be carried away by momen
tary impulses," Herr Btbel said that this
instability had crept into Germany's for
eign and internal policies. He demanded
succinct explanations from Count von Bu
low, Count Posadowsky-Wehner. General
von Gossler and Admiral von TirpHz as to
why a number of steps had been decided
upon, such as the use of voluntary con
tributions through Emperor William for
building gunboats for Chinese waters
without permission from the Reichstag.
Count Posadowfiky-Wehncr in the
course of a long speech, principally de
fensive, paid:
"I cannot admit that the American
President spoke about tariff retaliation as
Herren Bebel and Rlchter have asserted,
for those important prohibitions which we
bave Issued are minimal as against the
still existing American prohibitory meas
ures."
He went on to advise members of all
parties to be careful when conducting the
tariff debate not to furnish ammunition
to the enemies of Germany.
PEOBABLE ESCAPE OF DEWET.
Baxbertoxx,
Fresh Disaster to the British Near
NEW TORK, Dec 12.-The Sun has thfl
following from London: The prolonged
silence regarding the operations of Gen
eral Dewet. the Boer commander, is caus
ing an uneasy suspicion that he haa again
escaped' from his British pursuers. Un
official rumors, which cannot be con
firmed, of continuous fighting over a larire
area do not allay anxiety.
A fresh mishap to the British Is reported
to have occurred near Barbc#-ton, where
the Boers, taking advantage of a tog, got
"v\JASHINGTON. Dec. 11.— The remains
of Colonel Emerson H. Llscum, which
have been lying In state In this city since
yesterday, were Interred In Arlington
Cemetery this afternoon. The escort; un
der command of Colonel William A. Raf
ferty, consisted of a squadron of cavalry
under Major E. D. Thomas, Battery F,
Second Artillery. Captain C. D. Park
hurst, and a battalion of Marines, com
manded by Major Carman.
At the cemetery Rev. Mackey Smith,
rector of St. John's Episcopal Church,
conducted the serviec3 for the dead. Three
volleys were fired over the grave and the
sounding of "taps" completed the cere
monies.
President McKinley, members of the
Cabinet and members of the Vermont del
egation In Congress attended* the funeral.
The honorary, pallbearers were: Brig
adier General A. W. Greely, Brigadier
General J. C. Brecfclnrldge, Brigadier
General N. G. Liebter, Brigadier General
M. E. Bates, Captain Thomas Perry, U.
S. N., and Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Ed
wards, U. S. V.
Concert Hall Destroyed.
NEW YORK, Dec. 11.— Fire to-day com
pletely destroyed the four-story brick
building, 263-265-2157 Prospect avenue.
Brooklyn, causing a loss of $300,000. which
is partly covered by Insurance. The build
ing was owned and used by John Kolle as
a concert hall. Tho cause of the flre is
unknown. • . , : ; •:¦
Remains of the Hero of Tientsin Now
at Best.
COLONEL LISCUM BURIED.
Declares the Woman Who Eloped With the
Gypsy Rigo Was Only an Adopted Daugh
ter of Millionaire Eben Ward of Detroit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, .Dee. 11.— Captain George •
Streeter, who has gained much
notoriety because of his claim to
1S6 acres of land washed up by
Lake Michigan and abutting the
city of Chicago, haSj found a new title to
distinction. He says he , is the step
father of the beautiful Princess Chlmay,
who, after her divorce from her titled
husband married the Hungarian gypsy,
Rlgo. The Princess Chlmay was formerly
known as Clara Ward, daughter of Eben
Ward, a Detroit millionaire. Captain
Streeter says his wife was a cousin of
Eben Ward and the mother of Clara
Ward and that the child was adopted by
the lumberman. ©
"Mrs. Streeter Is the mother of Clara
Ward, who afterward became the Prin
cess Chlmay," said Streeter to-day. "She
was then the wlfo of John Jordan, who
was killed In the Civil War. Eben Ward
wished to adopt the child, whose name
was Maud Jordan, and bring here up as
his own. Since the father of the child
was dead, Mrs. Jordan consented. I was
at that time working for Eben Ward as
draughtsman and shipbuilder and I well
remember the day the baby was brought
to Ward's house in a cracker box. It
was by mutual agreement of the child'?
mcther and adopted father that she was
called Clara Ward.
"Several years afterward I fell In lo\*e
with Mrs. Jordan and it was about ten
years after the adoption of the child that
we were married. The child grew up as
Mr. Ward's own daughter. My wife re
ceived a sunstroke a few years ago and
since then has been scarcely herself. She
was a woman of the best connections and
refinement. She has. of course, felt keen
ly the disgrace brouprht on all her rela
tions by the actions of the- Princess.
"My wife is also a niece of Mrs. O W
Potter of Lake Shore drive. Her mother
was Mrs. Mulholland. sister of John Ward
of Detroit. I understand that Mr. O W
Potter does not admit any relationship
with my wife. Well, we never sought to
work into the good graces of that family.
SO ..UJ S not a matter °f great Importance."
There Is no relationship between mv
family and Mrs. Streeter," said O W
Potter to-night. . "They probably have in
mind some other Potter in that connec
tion. I do not know Captain Streeter—
never saw him In my life."
EIGHT ARE INJURED.
Wreck' Occurs on the Illinois Central I
. _ . .' . Railroad. \
~ m . , ******* wttu*
ILSLEY. Ky., Dec. 11.— Eight persons
were injured in a wreck on the Illinois
Central Railroad here to-day. The acci
dent was caused by the trucks of the ten
der of the engine drawing the New Or
leans limited passenger train No. 103 leav
ing the track while running forty-five
miles an hour.
The Injured are: C. W. Northrop, Col
fax, Md.; Mrs. A. M. Cool of Princeton,
£&£?' M ,' Sc 2 n ot Battle Creek. Mich.;
Ed Menefee, Covingcon. Ky.; C. N Un
derwood, engineer; G. H". Summons
Owensboro. Ky.: Miss Nora Munns. Dan
ville; James Franklin, Pullman car con
ductor.
All the Injured will recover.
CZAR TO LEAVE LIVADIA.
Imperial Family Soon to Beturn to
St. Petersburg.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 11.— The im
perial train has been ordered to be In
readiness to leave the Crimea December
29. It is deduced from this fact that the
Czar and the imperial family will return
here early In January.
LIVADIA, Dec. ll.-The Czar's phy
sicians issued the following bulletin to
day:
"His Majesty's recovery Is pursuing a
perfectly normal course. He has a good
appetite, gains strength dally and his
temperature and pulse are normal."
HERR BEBEL DENOUNCES
THE REBUFF TO KRUGER
LONDON. Dec. 11.— The late Sir Ar
thur Sullivan left an estate of
about £50.(XK>. nearly all of which
goes to his nephew, H. Sullivan.
He made small bequests to his
other two nephews and to Mrs. Stephens,
a niece, who resides at Los Angeles. Cal.,
and he bequeathed £1000 each to his
housekeeper and valet. The deceased also
left a number of mementoes from his sil
ver and china to personal friends.men and
•women, among them being Mrs. Beach
Grant, mother of Lady Essex; Mrs. Ron
alds, Mrs. D'Oyly Carte and Mrs. Crutch
ley, and also left a numher of his original
scores to musical Institutions and friends,
Mrs. Ronalds getting the score of the
"Lost Chord." The deceased left his por
trait to the Nation.
Russell Must Pay Damages.
George J Somerville was this morning
granted a decree of divorce against
Marlon Somerville and £l r >00 damages
against Earl Russell, with whom the de
fendant whs accused of having intimate
relations. No defense was entered against
Mr. Somerville's petition.
John Francis Stanley, Earl Russell, was
married to Marlon, daughter of the late
George Cooke of CombernauM. Scotlar.d,
April 15. at Reno. Nev. They had been
living for several months in Nevada,
where both had obtained decrees of di
vorce from their wife and husband, re
spectively, the husband being George John
Somerville.
Earl Russelr obtained a divorce from his
wife on the ground of desertion, alleging
that she haa left him nearly ten years
previously. He was married to her on
February <5, 1890. She was Miss Mabel
Edith Scott, youngest daughter of the late
Fir Claudo Edward Scott. The couple's
1 domestic troubles first came to public no
tice in 1S91. when Countess Russell
brought suit for divorce, based on cruelty
and other charges. This suit failed, and
the Judge took the unusual course of re
quiring her to pay its costs, amounting to
more than IC5.000. As the result of that
Mrs. Stephens of Los Angeles, a Niece
of the Noted English Composer, Will In
herit a Small Portion of His Estate'
suit the Earl obtained a Judicial separa
tion. Countess Russell In April, 189d, un
successfully sued for a restoration of her
conjugal '•ishtp, withdrawing the charges
which she bad marie In her suit for di
vorce. She went on the stage last March.
The second Countess Russell obtained
her divorce from George John Somer
vllle on the ground of xruel treatment.
She was married to Mr. Somerville in
Aberdeen, Scotland. July 23. 1SS9. She
ceased living with him July •». 1S99. Earl
Russell and the now Countess arrived in
England May 7 last. On his arrival he
declared that he was long past being sur
prised at anything his former wife did.
when told that a suit alleging bigamy was
theratoned.
Farewell to Hays. !
At a special meeting of the shareholders
of the Grand Trunk Railroad to-day, the
purchase of the Chicago nnd Grand Trunk
Railroad was ratined. Sir Charles Rivers
Wilson, president nf the Grand Trunk,
maintained that the new arrangement
would reduce the obligations SGO.000 a year,
and enablp the whole length of the line
to be double tracked within a-short time.
He paid a g'owing tribute to the former
general manager of the Grand Trunk, <\
M. Hays, saying It was Impossible to find
a second Hays, but, he added, he believed
George Bell Reeve, the former traffic
manager of the Grand Trunk Railroad
and now the general manager, was the
best man whose services could be ob
tained. He dilated upon the sacrifice Mr.
Reeve had made In giving up his retire
ment to take on the onerous duties of
general manager.
The shareholders congratulated the di
rectors on the action taken, and grate
fully bid farewell to Mr. Hays. It was
announced at the meeting that Mr. Hays'
staff will all remain with Mr. Reeve.
Typhoid in South Africa. _
The question put* to the Government in
the House of Commons to-day elicited the
statement that there had been 15.6"5 cases
of typhoid fever among the British troops
In South Africa, and that of thle number
3642 proved fatal. .
Socialist Leader in the Reichstag* Bitterly Criti
cizes the Policy of the Kaiser.
JOHN FRANCIS STANDEY. EARL RUSSELL. AND THE COUNTESS
RUSSELL, WHO WAS THE WIFE OF GEORGE JOHN SOMERVILLE,
FROM WHOM SHE WAS DIVORCED IN NEVADA.
DUBLIN, Dec. 11.— Delegates to the
number of several thousand representing
County Councils, borough corporations,
district councils, branches of the United
Irish League and kindred bodies met to
day In national convention in the Dublin
Rotunda to "recreate the Irish party."
John Redmond, who presided, said- it
was the "parliament of the Irish people."
Seventy-five Irish members of the .House
of Commons were present and several
priests were on the platform.
John Dillon, amid cheers, proposed a
resolution to the effect that the South Af
rican war v/as entered upon In pursuance
of a conspiracy to deprive two free na
tions of their liberty, in the interest of
capitalists and" mine owners.
He read letters from Boer generals giv
ing instances of the alleged brutality of
British soldiers In .South Africa, and also
the death notice of a Boer boy of eight
In the camp at Port Elizabeth, whoso
father had refused to surrender and
whepp home was blown up with dynamite-.
According to the notice, the child and his
mother were deported hundreds of miles
and fed upon pea soup. The lad's death
Mr. Dillon described as "cowardly mur
der." Intensely excited by Mr. Dillon's
speech, the assembly broke forth into
tierce cries and protests against the con
duct of the war.
The resolution was adopted unanimous
ly and the convention ordered it tele
graphed to the president of the Afrikan
der Bund. - '¦-¦¦¦¦
William O'Brien Introduced a resolution
excluding Timothy M. Healy from the
Parliamentary party. While their differ
ences are- of a personal character, he
urged that for the cake of unity Mr.
Healy's exclusion was necessary. •
Timothy Harrington, who was frequent
ly Interrupted. Bald that If the action of
the delegates plunged the country Into the
vortex of despair future generations
would curse the convention and those who
participated in it.
"Hogwash!" yelled an O'Brienlte Jn the
gallery.
"I know where the hoar is," said Mr.
Harrington, .which caused protests and
cries of "He Is calling his fellow patriots
'hogs.' "
.Mr. Harrington, after the chairman had
admonished the convention to give him a
fair hearing, made a temperate appeal for
harmony, i
After other speeches, an amendment
taking the bitterness out of the resolution
was proposed by Father McNeeee, but
this was rejected overwhelmingly, and
Mr. O'Brien's resolution adopted, only
twenty-five hands showing against it.
The convention then adjourned until to
morrow.
Convention of Irishmen at
Dublin Passes Strong
' Res lutions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK; Dec. U.— By means of an
Invention in which a magnetic electric
machine is utilized 'to develop an induced
current of high potential, capable of act
ing over a long distance or through strong
resistance, there has been developed a
fystem of electric signaling which, by dis
pensing with cumbersome and costly bat
teries, bids fair to revolutionize modern
telegraphy and materially lessen its cost.
Another application Jf the principle of the
invention adds to the ordinary fire alarm
system safety, surety and economy. \As
heretofore developed, the current has not
been available for long distances or
against strong resistance, and hence not
commercially practical except In a small
way. a
To L,. G. Woolley of Kenton. Olilo. who
i5, secretary of the National Magneto-
S. tric i TeIe £rnph Company, Is due the
credit for perfecting the application of
• . P ri , nci Pte involved, and the commer
cial utility of -which has been shown to
the satisfaction of many electric experts.
In the offices of the company in Park
Row Dr. Louis E. Nile*, president, to-day
showed the operation of the Invention by
telegraphing through a resistance equiva
lent to that of 1800 miles of wire. Ten
t nonsnnrl volts were used..
California Lemons Excel.
The Journal of Commerce prints the fol
lowing: Reports giving the comparative
citric acid test by Stillwell & Gladding
chemists to the New York Produce Ex
change, of selections of California and Si
cily lemons have attracted much attention
In green fruit circles. The comparisons
were as follows: Ninety-one and one-half
California lemons would yield one United
States gallon of juice; 125H Mediterranean
lemons would yield one United States gal
•lon of Juice, i'he specific gravity of the
Juice In each was 1.041.
Three hundred California lemons would
yield 4a0 ounces avoiriupola Juice contain
ing 26.64 ounces avoldupois crystal cit
ric acid; 300 Mediterranean lemons would
yield 325 ounces avoidupols Juice, contain
ing 19.70 ounces avoldupois crystal cirtric
acid.
Illness of Four Notables.
It is reported to-niKht that August Bel
mont. the banker, is seriously ill of pneu
monia at his country seat near Hemp-
Rtead. I,. I. His physician, however
hopes that the worst has past.
Oswald Ottendorfer is still ill at his res
idence, and there has been no chance
elnce yesterday.
Roland Reed's condition also t.<i un
changed.
t> J- , A - KilIm °re. manager of the Southern
Pacinc Company, is lying quite ill at the
Fifth Avenue Hotel. He is suffering with
kidney trouble. His private car Is hero,
nut he has been too ill to travel thus far.
Californians in New York.
From San Francisco -F. Farrar at the
Netherland: W. M. Xewhall at the Hol
land; D. Sachs at the Favoy; X. F. Shaw
at the Netherland: I,. S. Simons at the
Imperial; G. D. Adanit at the Union
Square; D. A. Hulso at the Normandie:
C. C. Lacey at tha St. Denis; Miss O
Walker at the Westminster; J. Wand at
the. Cadillac.
From I/5S Angoles— W. R. Greene at »ho
Park Avenue: A. Cole at the Grand
Union.
Inspecting Hospital Service.
Dr. Coffey, Southern Pacific surgeon,
nfter being here several weeks inspecting
the. hospital service with a view of im
proving that of the Southern Pacific, will
leave for home to-morrdV. He will stop
in Washington a day or two. '
DEPRECATES WAR
IN SOUTH AFRICA
Another Application of th« Principle
Makes It of Immense Value in
the Ordinary Fire Alarm
Does Away With Cumber
some and Expansive
Batteries.
GREAT INVENTION
IN TELEGRAPHY
Opposes the Hemoval of the Tax on
Beer, as the Government's Ex
penses Will Not War
rant It-
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— Consideration
of the bill for the reduction of the war
tajces -was begun in the House to-day.
Payue <-«f New Voik, chairman of tht
Committee on Ways and Means, opened
tie debate. He said that in reporting the
pending bill the committee fe!t as though
they had gone to the farthest limit in me
amount of reduction with due regard to
the preveution of otticits. The sixty-five
million dollars remaining after t!:e reduc
tion propound by the committee took effect
would not equal the extraordinary ex
j.-enses sure to follow as a result of the
Spanish war. Among such expenses was
the interest en the bonds issued to prose
cute the war. amounting to live millions;
the increased army, which both sides ad
mit should amount to 100.000 fur the next
two or thrtt- years. This increase in ex-
I>enditures» would amount at 'east to sixty
million dollars. The increase in naval ex,
jfnditures tat equipment, together with
\p.i pensions growing out of the late war,
would «)dd to our expenditures ten mil-
"-•While there is no reason from any do
mestic riUMB to apprehend any disaster
to business during the next le»v years,"
eald he, "yet there is a possibility of for
eign complications which miftht have that
result, of course, depression in business
would mean a loss ox revenue. A large
portion cf uur importations on which taniX
duties are paid is of goods going directly
into the manufacture of articles both for
oi^r domestic and foreign trade. Anything
li.iU cuts off this trade In either direction
would result in loss of revenue.
"Some members of the minority of the
committee have proposed to abolish all
the war revenue and offer in place there
of an Income tax. Of course." said he. "It
is perfectly obvious to every thinking man
that this would cause an immediate defi
ciency in our revenues. The enactment
of a new income law would not furnish
b. dollcr of additional revenue. We have
already an income tax law upon the stat
ute books which has not been repealed.
The Supreme Court has decided it uncon
stit'iional. What reason is there to
suppose that a new enactment of this kind
would m<-et with any other fate?
•Another proposition has been made by
the minority to abolish the entire addi
tional tax upon beer. This would result
in an additional reduction of twenty
three millions of e'ollars. 1*. would pro
rfuoe the grossest injustice. What argu
ment is there in favor of reducing the en
tire tax on beer which does not apply
with as gTeat force to the reduction of the
entire adrt;iional tax on tobacco, amount
ing to eighteen millions of dollars, or the
tax on bankers and brokers, amounting
to nearly four millions of dollars, and the
remaining; taxes amounting to fifteen mif
lions of dollars? Certainly the tax upon
beer should never be wiped out until ev
ery other vestige of the war taxes Is re
moved."
Swanson nt Virginia, a member of the
Committee on Ways and Means, followed,
presenting the views of the minority.
Swanpon paid the Democratic party fully
recognized the urgent necessity for a re
duction in the revenues of this Govern
ment. During four years taxation had
increased over $260,000,000. and he declared
that if this heavy burden was continued
business and commerce would seriouslv
suffer. He expressed regret that the Ee
publicans had failed to avail themselves
of the present excellent opportunity to
devise a more just, equitable and perma
nent system of taxation. . He arjrued that
there should be a reformation of the
tariff and an abolition of the customs
duties which have created trusts and mo
nopolies. He insisted also that this Gov
ernment should collect more revenue from
capital, incomes and profits, rather than
from the consumption and business and
the occupation of tht people; that "taxes
should be levied upon what a man has
and not upon what he needs."
He said there should be a reduction
made now «n the revenues of at least $70 -
OOO.dO. instead of $10,000,000. With the or
ganization cf a home government in Cuba,
with the pacification of the Philippine
Islands and with a settlement of the Chi
nes* complications, all of which the ad
ministration assured in less than two
year*, there ou^ht to be an Immense re
duction in Government expenses.
Swanson asserted that the on!y persons
who were benefited by a large surplus
in the treasury were those who were seek
ing extravagant and unjust appropria
tions, the national Danks that were de
sirous of continuing the large govern
mental deposits free of Interest, and the
bondholders, who desired the Government
to redeem their bonds at a high and an
exorbitant premium.
In conclusion Swanson stated that the
minority woujd move to recommit the bill
with instructions to provide for the re
duction of at least $70,000,000.
Payne, Chairman of Ways
and Means Committee,
Is Heard.
DEBATE ON WAR
TAX BILL BEGINS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12^ 1900.
NAMED AS A BENEFICIARY IN
THE LAST TESTAMENT OF THE
LATE SIR ARTHUR SULLIVAN
CAPTAIN STREETER OF CHICAGO
CLAIMS HE IS A STEPFATHER
OF THE PRINCESS CHIMAY
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUSCLE AND NOT FAT.
What Thin People Need to Round Off
the Corners.
TVhat thin folks need is flesh or muscle,
not fit.
Ta be symmetrical and properly nropor-
tlonrd every person should have a certain
amount of excess Cesh. but to be plump
does not necessarily mean to be fat
Fat is undes-irublt; It clog's and retards
the action of the muscles. Interferes •with
the healthy action of the heart and lungs
and when w ry r-xcessivc. predisposes too
la-tty dt generation of vital organs, to say
nothing- of the <iis=comfort resulting: from
loo much adipose ti??ue.
Common sense would suRgcst that if one
wishes to become fleshy and plump the
thir.fr most needed would be flesh forming
food — that is. albuminous foods like eges
beef, oatmeal, etc " "
The kinds of food which make flesh are
the foods we have on our tables every
day; but the trouble Is that our stomachs
from weakness or derangement of some
kind do net promptly ana properly digest
Really, the principal reason so many peo-
ple remain thin is because their stomachs
do rot properly and completely digest and
a^s-Imilate the flesh forming beefsteak and
tpps we eat every day.
There ?re thousands of such people, and
they ere really dyspeptics, although they
may net suffer any particular pain or in-
convenience from their stomachs.
If such parsons and all thin people
would lake after their meals some simple
and natur.il digestive, like Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets, the food would be quickly
cirested and the proper de>rr«e of plump.
resfr vi ry focn result because these tab-
lets are prepared exactly for «hat purpose
They d!pe,«t every variety of flesh forming
food, which is the real reason why they
to quickly build up and strengthen thin
dyppeptic m«>n and women.
Stuart's Dyspepsia TabJetB cure -every
form of indigestion on this common-sense
plan, that thry thoroughly digest the food
promptly, giving strength to every nerve
and orsran in the body, and the weakened
rtomsch a rhanr* to rest and recover its
natural viffor. Nothing further is required
to cure any stomach trouble, excent can-
wr of the Btomach. They make thin, dys-
pertic people strong, plump and well.
This excellent preparation is f«old at 50c
for full-sized treatment bv all druggists
In United States, Canada and Great
Britain.
CHRISTMAS
PRESENTS!
Are usually hard to choose, but an inspection of our stock of
HOLIDAY GOODS will be sure to help you.
Wo cannot mention all the appropriate articles we have, but
invite you to call and see the offerings in our several departments,
no matter whether you desire to purchase or not.
CARPET DEPARTMENT— ORIENTAL and DOMESTIC RUGS.
There is always a place for another rug about the' house. We
have them in all sizes and prices — small and inexpensive, and as
large and fine as you please.
UPHOLSTERY DEPARTMENT— SILK and LACE CUHTAIN S
PORTIERES, TABLE COVERS, SOFA PILLOWS, COUCH
COVERS, COMFORTERS, DRAPERIES, ETC.
SOFA PILLOWS. from $1.00 each and upwards.
COMFORTERS from SI. 25 each and upwards.
FURNITURE DEPARTMENT— An endless variety of USEFUL
and DAINTY PIECES, especially suited for presents AT
MODERATE COST. ¦ . '
DAINTT WRITING DESKS, in either Bird's-Eye Maple, Golden
Oak or Mahogany Finish, from $7.OO each and upwards
HANDSOME CHAIRS and ROCKERS, from $4.50 each and up-
OUR GOODS ARE DISTINGUISHED FOR
EXCELLENCE. STYLE. VALUE.
Largest Stock on the Coast to select from.
W.&J.SLOANE&CO.,
CARPETS. FURNITURE. UPHOLSTERY.
114-116-118-120-122 POST STREET,
ADVEBTISEM^TS^
I B. KATSCHINSKI, I
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. 1
110 Third St.. San Francisco.
I What You fai
I Can Buy for $ I
Useful article! for home and fireside.
Ladles' black beaver lace shoes, flannel
lined, with *oft pliable turned soles;
particularly adapted for thesa cold
mornings. Reduced to $1.0O.
%i Ladles' dressy felt house slippers In
? red or brown, and trimmed with braid
• | and turned soles. Reduced to 91.0O.
a Men's embroidered black yelvet sllp-
ra pers. opera or Everett cut. »nd trimmed
H with patent leather; something swell.
H Reduced to $1.00.
M SHOE ORDERS— If jroa desire to
H make a present and do not know the
El eize, buy a shoe order.
fl Country orders solicited.
H Send for Illustrated Catalogue.
(PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
10 THIRD ST. San Francisco. |
STATEMENT
OF THE— '-
.CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
New Amsterdam Casualty
COMPANY ,
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork. on the Jlst day of December. A. D.
1S99. and for the year ending on that day. a*
made to the Insurance Commissioner of ths
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections C10 and oil of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by tb« Com*
missloner.
CAPITA!..
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Caih COO.OOO 04
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value ot all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $313,000 (HI
Cash In Company's Ofllce I.W7 24
Caih In Banks 11.S93 31
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans l.i.:3 33
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 24.7S8 OJ
Total Assets C15.9t>> 35
LJABIUriES. ~
Losses in process of Adjustment or la
Suspense $&6S3 If
Losses resisted, including expenses... 2.375 c-J
Gross premiums en Risks running one
year or less, $ ; reinsurance 50 '¦ •¦'-
per cent W.X79 3a
Gross premiums on Risks running;
more than one year, {....; reinsur-
ance pro rata 649 23
Due and accrued for salaries, rant,
etc 1«S7
Due tor reinsurance. ..^. ......... ...... 3.507 SO
Total Liabilities.. tn.ci 79
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for prea-
lums • J .V.'i*"i IU3.S73 7t
Received for Interest and dividends on
' Bonds, Stocks, Loans, ana from all
other sources 7,439 3f
Total Income • *U*.8a if
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses..... B0.7M u
Paid or allowed for Commisalon or
pS^rr^S-lari^-KVei-^d-ot^r "•"* "
pSHS M -™«
taxes v '1 1CT7 7|
All other payments and expenditures.. 44.M1 gj
Total Expenditures H29.SI3 73
EDWARD V. LOEW, President. ~*
CHARLES T. HOPPER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27U|
flay of January. 1900.
CHARLES EDGAR MILL9.
Commissioner tor California.
E. ' R. GREENER
GENERAL AGENT. i
405 Montgomery SU 9 I
8AN FRANCISCO, CAL. )l
phone MftiN sota. i• SAN RAFAEL, D«c. : » 11.— Th» estato of ; the
late. Francis Williams of -Mill Valley waa ap
praised to-day. The- inventory of real 'and
personal property ihowed a valuation of over
fiSS»$Mr '•¦—->-
Beating the Record.
Steamer Queen arrived yesterday from
Los Angeles i and . Southern coast ports,
beating all' previous -'records. She left
Port Los Angeles at 12 m. Saturday and
arrived In San Francisco at 11:49 Sunday
thus making 28 hours and 49 minutes from
wharf to, wharf; .---¦-.- .... , _,„
A Christmas Exhibit.
The annual bef ore-Christmas exhibition
of framed pictures, showing all the new
effects In Flemish, Old Dutch and ebony
frames, with tinted mats to match. Is
now going 1 on at • Sanborn. Vail & Co.'s.
All the newest pictures In Copley prints,
platinum, sepia and color . to be seen
there. You will feel fully repaid for the
time spent in viewing. the same. . •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, D*2. 11.— The new
museunv.of natural history that has Just
been established in this city was formally
opened to the public to-night with appro
priate exercises. Members of the museum
association and their friends assembled
at the museum lecture room, at 8 o'clock,
where the lady members held a reception.
The exercises followed and consisted of
an address by the president of the associa
tion. Thomas W. Cowan, upon the history
of the association during its year of work
preparatory to establishing the museum;
an address by Professor Josiah Keep, the
well-known' conchologist, and by Rev. O.
W. Lucas, trustee of th-) Pacific Grove
schools.- A collation was then served,
after which 'the company repaired to the
museum proper, where the curator, Miss
M. E. B. Norton, presented the mounted
and classified specimens to the public view
for the first time.
This museum has been a pet project of
California scientists for a number of
years and I Its establishment is causing
great interest throughout the State. Mon
terey " County , being the type locality of
nearly, all the Calif omla flora . and many
of the fauna, also, it seemed especially fit
ting that there should be a museum here.
There are about 2100 specimens already In
the museum, largely of sc» life, both ani
mal and vegetable. Including one of the
finest collections of. starfish and sea ur
chins on the coast and a valuable collec
tion of Monterey County, plants.
Contains a Valuable and Interesting
Collection of the Flora and
- , Fauna of Monterey
County.
OPENING OF MUSEUM
AT PACIFIC GROVE
trip that all together will take thirteei
or fourteen days. The excursionists wil
go in their own car and the only expense
will be for meals during the trip.
The officers elected yesterday were: "W.
D. Pennycook of the Vallejo Chronicle,
president; • 6. M. Haskell of the Pomona
Progress, vice president; Raleigh Barcar
of the Vacaville Reporter, secretary; G.
M. Francis of the Naua Register, treas
urer: K. B. "Willis of the Sacramento
Record-Union, A. B. Lemraon of the
Santa Rosa Republican. F. H. Owen of
the Winters Express, T. G. Daniells of
the Alameda Argus, J. F. Thompson of
the Eureka Standard, Duncan McPherson
of the Santa Cruz Sentinel and F. B.
Macklnder of the St. Helena Star, mem
bers of the executive committee, to form
the committee with the officers.
Before the adjournment in the evening
the association carried a motion .binding
itself to support any legislation for tho
protection of the big trees.
Artistic Picture Frames.
The most artistic shapes and beautiful
designs are shown in all sizes of mold
legs and ready-made frames this fail. At
no other time was the variety of framing
material. Including mat boards in tones to
match, so extensive and at such reason
able prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket st. •-;«£•¦.•; •
ADRIFT MANY HOURS
IN WATERLOGGED BOAT
Terrible Experience of John Broder
ick, a Prospector, During a
Storm on Kotzebue
• Sound.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAHTO, Dec. 11.— News reached here by
the overland stage driver of the awful
experience of a prospector adrift In a
waterlogged boat seventy-two hours. The
steamer Selma, which arrived at Fort
Bragg yesterday, had on board a passen
ger from Skaguay, Alaska, named John
Broderick. Mr. Broderick had a terrible
experience on Hodum Inlet, Kotzebue
Sound. He was shipwrecked, and for
seventy-two hours was adrift in a water
logged boat, having 'no assistance what
ever and without anything to eat.
Broderick left tho coast about a year
ago with two other prospectors and sailed
for tho Kotzebue country. Having pros
pected that country for some time with
out having any, marked success, he, with
ten others, left for Point Hope, arriving
there about the middle of November, and
not* finding what they expected they
coasted along: .the shore beaded f or , the
Kowak River ¦ country. After being out
eeveral weeks a storm came up and five of
the boats were blown ashore. Broderlck'a
boat being without, sails made slow pas
sage,' and the fury "of the storm became
such that he found himself unable to get
to shore, and he was soon drifting help
lessly about in the Inlet.
He was alone and the storm raged bo
heavy that he could" do nothing at all
with his boat. - The (second morning It
was capsized. After hours of hard labor
and suffering he succeeded In righting It,
and for several . hours remained on his
knees in the stern of the boat with ' only
his head above water. The boat was tossed
about by the water, : and when the storm
abated , Broderick ¦"¦ drifted ashore, where
he was found several hours later, uncon
scious, by passing prospectors. *
Mrs. Oliver Leaves One Dollar Each
PECTJXIAR "WTLIi FILED.
to Husband and
Brothers.
SANTA ROSA, Dee. 11.— By the terms
of a will filed to-day for probate the late
Mrs. Frances A. Oliver of Petaluma. dis
poses of her estate in a peculiar manner.
She leaves her brothers, Benjamin. Jo
seph and James Gaffney, one dollar apiece
and bequeaths a like sum to her husband
William M. Oliver. The remainder of her
property is left to "ray friend William R,
Johnson of San Francisco." The estate Is
a Email one.
"WOOL GHOWERS ORGAJNTZE.
Sacramento.
Decide to Hold a Stats Convention at
FRESNO, Dec. 11. —Pursuant to a call
madf* by several wool growers, a large
number of wool gTOv.-ers from Tulare,
Fresno, Madera and Merced counties met
et Kutner Hall in this city recently and
organized the Central California Wool
Growers' Association.
Jacob Wollner of San Francisco
was present ar.d addressed the associa
tion.
The ]i<?nnanent officers of the associa
tion ere: L. A. Biaslngume, president.;
W. D. Tupper, secretary, and G. R. Shipn.
treasurer. A committee, consisting of Ja
n b Vol'ner of San Francipco, Harry
Oman of Kern and George R. Shipp of
I'resno. reported the following resolution,
which wif adopted:
"Resolved, That the wool growers of
the State of California be requested to
organize county associations, which shall
meet at a place designated by the organ
izers on the l*th day of December, 1900.
to effect a county organization, to elect
officers and to appoint a delegate for each
ten members or fraction thereof to meet
in Sacramento at the State Capitol on
the 15th day of January, 1901, to effect
a State organization and to elect dele •
patee to the National V.'ool Growers' As
sociation to be held at Salt Lake on Jan
uary is. 1P01."
McNoble's Condition Unchanged.
STOCKTON. Dec 1L— The condition of
11. R. McNcble r«nai:is about the same.
Hie temperature and respiration ¦were
Mph all day. but toward evening he ral
lied a little. He ft In a very weakened
c*r,d:::on. however, and in no condition to
withstand a long 1 Illness.
Hospital Managers at Stockton Pass
Tart Resolution.
STOCKTON, Dec. 11.— The board of
Managers of the State Hospital for the
Insane passed a tart resolution to-day tn
reference to some much needed Improve
ments about the asylum. There 13 no
love lost between the State Lunacy Com
mission and the managers since the
former enforced its uniform Innovation.
The resolution to-day was directed at the
Commissioners.
The report of Medical Superintendent
Clark showed that during the month
twenty-five patients had been admitted to
the Institution, nine had been discharged
as recovered, eighteen had died and four
had escaped. On November 20 there were
156S patients in the asylum. Salaries to
the amount of $$000 32 were paid for the
month.
The medical superintendent was au
thorized to purchase 113 tons of Tesla
steam coal at a cost not to exceed $479 57
and $406 25 worth of California gray wool
blankets.
Manager John X. "Woods was selected aa
the representative of the Stockton board
of managers at the next quarterly meeting
of the commission, superintendents and
managers, which will be held at Sacra
mento December 20.
dock, both of whom have been members
of the board of managers In the past. E.
J. Xiles of Los Angeles was appointed to
Bucceed Jones as Bteward and has arrived
to assume the duties, but under the tem
porary restraining order he can do noth
ing.
UKIAH. Dele 11.— The troubles at the
Mendocino State Hospital have reached
the courts, w. G. Jones has commenced
an action In the Superior Court of this
county for a permanent Injunction re
straining the medical superintendent. Dr.
E. W. .King, and the board of managers
from discharging him from the position of
steward. t
After, the usual preliminary allegations
the complaint of plaintiff relates "that the
defendants, acting In concert and In their
official capacity, have threatened and do
now threaten to and will, unless re
strained by the order of this court, wrong
fully remove this plaintiff from the posi
tion of steward of the Mendoclno State
Hospital." 1 ' ,
Jones prayed Judgment that an injunc
tion Issue restraining the said defendants
from attempting to remove or doing any
act whatever toward his removal from
the position of steward of the hospital.
He also asked that a temporary restrain
ing order be Issued prohibiting such re
moval or attempted removal.
Jones was discharged some months ago
and was afterward reinstated by the
board of managers. Subsequently Gov
ernor Gage made some changes In the
personnel of the board of managers and
recently Dr. King again discharged
Steward Jones.
The ground upon which Jones bases his
action is that his attempted removal is
for political reasons alone. Not that it
was caused by any political action which
he himself ha a ever taken, but that the
medical superintendent Is "doing politics"
himself.
Judge Mannon issued the temporary re
straining order prayed for upon plaintiff
filing the necessary bond. Jones' attor
neys are T. L. Carothers and J. C Rud-
•l»ci«l Dispatch to Tte rvn
DEL. MONTE. Dec. 11.— A very Inter
esting 1 wedding took place In St. John's
Chapel et this pla<ce yesterday— the first
ceremony of the kind ever solemnized
In the chapeL The principals were Jo
seph Posth, the Austrian valet of John
Hays Hammond, the celebrated South
African mining engineer, and Mrs. Ham
mond'e rnnid. Rose Fraser.
By Mrs. Hammond's orders the chapel
•was beautifully decorated with orange
blossoms, ferns and palms, and a num
ber of the gjuests of the hotel were in at
tc-ndance. The ceremony was performed
by Rev. Hobart Chetwood. rector of St.
Mary's-by-the-Sea. Pacliic Grove, and
ilrs. Hammond gave the bride away.
After the ceremony the gruests were in
vited to Mrs. Hammond's apartments to
drink the bride's health. Both the bride
ard bridegroom have been with the Ham
monds for a number of years and a
strong attachment exists between them
tind their employers. The newly married
pair have grone to San Francisco for their
wedding .-Journey.
Groom la Joseph Posth, Mr. Ham
mond's Valet, aad the Bride
Bosa Fraser, Mrs. Ham
mond's Maid,
GUESTS DRINK BRIDE'S HEALTH
Servants ol Mr. and Mrs.
Hammond United in
Marriage.
FIBST WEDDING
IN THE CHAPEL
AT DEL MONTE
Speicial Dispatch to The CalL
Claims They Are Trying to Oust Him for
Purely Political Reasons.
STEWARD JONES SUES
HOSPITAL MANAGERS
Interesting Annual Meeting of the California. Press Association
In the Jinks Hall of the San Francisco Press • Club.
r unjustly, to refer in some measure to
ne Stanford Institution.
"I am opposed,' 1 said President Wheeler,
to the Institution that represents the
annual meeting: of the California
Press Association. The Jinks hall of the
Press Club was placed at the disposal of
the out-of-town newspaper men and they
kept It full and lively until long after the
meeting was over In the evening.
The depression In Journalism was bal
anced by a stir In the collegiate atmos
phere created by some words of Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the State
University in a discussion of the Influence
of tho press. He and President David
Starr Jordan of Stanford University were
to discuss the question, but President
Wheeler attended the session of the after
noon and spoke then, while President Jor
dan attended In the evening. In his re
onarks President Wheeler , spoke of the
need of freedom in both a university and
a newspaper and he decried both institu
tions when they represented but one
man's Idea, but one man's plan and but
one man's thought. A year ago his words
would have passed as general; in view of
the Ross lnoident they were taken. Justly
THERE was a lull In Journalism
yesterday while the country edi
tors laid down their pencils and
flocked to the city to attend the
It was supposed that President Jordan
might make some reference to the Idea
of one thought and one laea in a uni
versity as .well as in a newspaper, but he
did not, except to say that it sometimes
brought to a paper a certain authority to
have it known that its columns expressed
always the views and sentiments of one
man, particularly If that one is a man
whose views are clear and well consid
ered. President Jordan's address was
rather a running criticism of the elements
of a newspaper as they appear to a
reader. "A newspaper is an educator,"
he said, "and in current things people are
In*, not one person's plan of living; it
should seek the truth wherever the truth
lies and it ahould . fallow . wherever the
truth leads. -
"A newspaper which recognizes the
value of giving things as they are be
comes not a subject of private ownership
but a public trust. "We like to have the
papers readable: we like a story, but we
want to know what the facts are. THere'
should be some privacy in the world, but
I believe what the public ought to know
should be told to the reporter. When
those who know will not tell reporters
must get their information from second
ary sources, and they cannot be blamed
If it be not accurate. The goal toward
which the newspaper Is progressing • Is
that of an accurate organ of publicity.
In your sacred duty to your State and to
your political system you must regard
your positions as editors and reporters as
public trusts." •
WHEELER AND JORDAN DISSECT
MODERN NEWSPAPER FOR EDITORS
Special Dispatch to The CalL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec 1L—
An important addition was made to the
Stanford latr library to-day by the re
ceipt of S500 volumes of reports. Th«
books were received direot from Minne
apolis, where a complete working library
was purchased last summer by Mrs. Stan
ford upon the recommendation .of Dr.
Nathan Abbott, the head of the Stanford
law school. The set. completes the record
of English cases and gives Stanford/ one
of the best working libraries in the coun
try, y
Dr. Abbott, dean of the law school, had
the following to say concerning this ad
dition to the facilities of his department:
"I am more than gratified by the re
ceipt of such a valuable collection of law
books. The set practically contains all
the English and Canadian reports. Some
of the volumes are rare and costly and
would easily bring $50 apiece in the open
market. The books will also be useful to
students in the history and economics de
partments. Stanford now has a working
library that will compare favorably with
that of any of the big law schools In
America. So far as our reports qf the
English cases are concerned we are
equaled only by Harvard, which has prob
ably the finest law library In the world.
"This addition marks one of the im
portant steps In the development of our
school and Is Indicative of a healthy fu
ture growth. We ha% ? e recently received
the private libraries of Francis E. Spencer
and Stephen J. Field, ¦which, aside from
their intrinsic worth, have much of sen
timental value. The student who works
with the same volumes from which Judge
Field wrote his famous mining and water
decisions while on the bench of the United
States Supreme Court should receive an
inspiration from them."
ries in the Coun
try.
This Gives the University On© of
the Most Complete Libra-
MANY ARE VERY VALUABLE
Thirty-Five Hundred Vol
umes ol Reports
Received.
ADDITIONS TO
THE STAHFORD
LAW LIBRARY
THE SAN - FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; DECEMBER 12, 1900.
o:
tl
3
srulded by the views of the paper. But In
deeper things people are In the habit of
seeking a paper that believes as they do
and are content with having It coincide
with their opinions. The minor currents
are made by the newspapers, therefore
they have a great responsibility in guid
ing those currents."
In comparing the newspaper and the
university President Jordan said: "Aca
demic freedom Is always to be found In
the colleges of this country. The same
sort of freedom a university likes to feel
a newspaper likes to feel; but freedom of
thought and freedom of speech sometimes
become carelessness of thought and care
lessness of speech. The more shining a
mark may be the more some papers wish
to throw mud at It. These are the real
enemies of free speech."
President Jordan then commented light
ly on some of the Journalistic frailties and
closed with his thanks for the privilege of
addressing the association. He was fol
lowed by. S. M. Haskell of tho Pomona
Progress,- who spoke of the newspaper
from the standpoint of the editor. The
remainder of the evening session was
taken up with- short addresses by A. J.
Pillsbury of the Tulore Register, who
spoke on the subject of Irrigation; Dun
can McPherson,' who spoke of the neces
sity for some legislation for tho preserva
tion of the blc trees; Raleigh Barcar. who
summed up the duties of a. country editor,
and Uncle George Bromley, who Just
talked because he was asked to. S. Homer
Henley and Dan Lawrence, two of the
club's singers, also added to the evening's
entertainment, and Fred S. Myrtle, pres
ident of the Press Club, answered some
resolutions of th«onks for courtesies by
assuring the association of a free and
lasting welcome.
The business of the session was con
fined to a report of the committee on tl-.e
annual excursion and the election of oitt
cer8. . r \v'
The' excursion will be held next Feb
ruary, starting on February 9. It will in
clude a trip to New Orleans, with side
trips on the way down, at least three days
In Kaw OrlPAns and a straight rofnrn n
Ideas of one man; the plans of one man
and the thoughts of one roan. A news
paper as well aa a university should have
for Us Impetus not one person's way of
thinking, not on© person's way of pray-
THE CALJB'ORNIA PRESS ASSOCIATION IN SESSION IN THE PRESS CTL.TJB
ROOMS. PRESIDENT BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER ADDRESSING THE
MEETING ON THE INFLUENCE OF THE MODERN NEWSPAPERS.
IMPROVEMENTS NEEDED.
H HP HE highest priced maga- r y^^^^^m, §
% I 2 * ne w^ n °t contain a %
si " I more notable array of ~^^^^^^^ %
I celebrated writers than will the- ( M^^^ |
I Sunday Call Christmas edition/ ffi'Jg!?' 1
|= CAPTAIN SHRIMP. JEANNE'S VISIT TO ST. NICHOLAS. j§"
•^ By PAULINE BRADFOFD MACKIE. By JESSIE JULIET KNOX.
£ - ii ... 3
L A LITTLE EMPTY STOCKING. HIS IDEAL CHRISTMAS. 3
B7 JOHN STPANGE WINTER. By JUSTIN McCARTHY. IIJ
I* A SHOT IN TIME. CHRISTMAS DAY IN ROVIE.
ZZ By GENERAL CHARLES KING. By MME. SOPHIA BOMIPIANI, -•
•»- ' • - ' ¦•-.;<"- "3
•»— ____————. ;^g
AN ANGEL UNAWARES. CHRISTMAS IN THE FATHERLAND.
S= By MAHION HARLAND. By COUNT ANDREW BEENSTAFF. =3
IT JACK REDMOND'S TREASURE. CHRISTMAS IN THE SAGEBRUSH. =1
-~ By EDITH SESSIONS TUPPER. * By ISABEL DARLING.
H FULL-PAGE ILLUSTRATIONS BY THE SUNDAY CALL'S STAFF OF FAMOUS ARTISTS. %
£ Including METHFESSEL. DIXON. CAHILL. WARREN. BRADSHAW. KELLY. 3
ZZ BRONSTROP. THORNDYKE BORBEN and ROHRAND. IS
zz ¦ -. ' \ 3-
£ 'jjfci : •" • — ~ : , 3
fc . • ,-AND'MANY OTHER NOTABLE FEATURES, INCLUDING^ y =-~
I " PECKp BAD BOY GROWN UP." 1
A new overcoat
for tKe Holidays
This is a particu- >j}iS£Sl
larly good time to . illipl&
buy an overcoat. You /£rjMi3$
will want a new one \^\>ih *
to wear for the holi- \k/*|S^
days and thereafter, J^qT^ %
and by purchasing \\
now you will get a \V^W$M
lot of .comfort out of fifc-f fjpJIjf Jll i||i
it during this cold HO M I f|l| 1 |i|\
spell. But, you know flHH W [i 0| |«|f|R\
whether you reed a I '" j|^P'-lpMj
new overcoat, and %M^^ | llllllJSBp
we know that you J^ffi f | fl WSf
will want one at our %€ qSjB WTW ! WMM
price should you de- '(wkwl'li'lllllltllii-
cide to purchase. M!|mji||
Wehaveovercoats Illll lllf |}«
at all prices.but take HM» 1 ll
a particular pride in II « llljlulil! 1
some at fcdoo. as il |1 I
suits and overcoats
at this price has 11*13 W$
been our stronghold .f wp ;
for years.. | ji ¦ ;. M
These overcoats jj J5J Jr|
come in black, blue '
and oxford gray S^pPfe^/^s^^few
cheviots, good far- ~^^
mer satin linings, *#^
well made throughout by strictly union labor, which
stamps the workmanship as first class. They come
in fine, stylish, winter lengths as here pictured.
We have some suits at $10.00 also, comprising
a fine assortment. They are full weight blue and
black serges, cheviots, worsteds and oxford gray
cheviots. They, too, are made by union men.
Though the price is low, we thoroughly protect
cur customers by giving them the privilege of ob-
taining # heir money back if they are not pleased, or
we keep the clothes in repair free for a year.
Boys' Vestee Suits
Vestee suits for boys from 3 to 8 years old;
made of Scotch cheviot material in checks, stripes
and solid blues : vestees in single and double
breasted fancy patterns, with or without separable
shield; good values, in fact worth $<j.oo; sale price
$4.00
Baseball outfit free with every boy's suit or overcoat.
Covert cloth automobile coats, made to order for little
girls from 3 to 13 years of age, for g 10.00.
Santa Claus is on. the second floor of our store waiting
to give the little folks some candy.
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.VAUDEVILLE DOES A STUNT WITH
COMIC OPERA ON THE DIAMOND
ponent.
Third Rac« Bab. Sad Sam, Galastlraa.
Fourth Race — Gauntlet. Locoche*. JCotm'.g.
Fifth Race— Bangor, Alice Tunur. Wax.
Sixth Race— Dunblane, Me&dowUrk, T»fh<» rL
Don't forget our carloarl prices when
looking for trunks, dress-suit cases, 'va
lises, traveling bags, coin 'purses and
pocketbooks. Lettering of nami In gold
without cost to purchaser. Sanborn Vail
& Co.. 741 Market st. • •
Fine Leather Goods.
HA.TE SHIPPING INTELIilGENCE.
BAILED.
Monday. December 1L
6tmr Lftkrr.A Echaxe, .
BttDT Coron&dOt Johnson, — *
Btznr Robert Dollar. Elleffren, Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 11— Schr L411I
bonne, for Santa Rosalia.
Arrived Dec 11— Schr, Maid of Orleans, hence
Nov £S; schr WVbfoot, ! hence Nov- r5; echr Hoy
Somors. hence Nov 29; schr Olson, hence
Xov 80; schr Dauntless, from San Pedro.
BAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 11— Ger etmr Neko.
from Hamburg: stmr Homer, hence Dec 4.
Sailed Dec ll— Stmr Brunswick, for Baa Fran
d*o»
Gold mounted pen and pencil holder*.
silver desk ornaments, leather calendars
and letter holders, writing sets, lap tab
lets, ornamental blotters, fancy ink
stands, little gold clocks, letter openers,
paper cutters, and many other useful and
pretty articles for the writing desk. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. "
Good for Christmas.
Lamps and Onyx Tables.
We have a splendid assortment of *fln«
lamps and onyx tables. -No 'other line so
I33i *&£$*. fiSSti? «? clty ' Banbor * n '
Does Not "Want Fun Poked at 'His
¦ Name as Was Done to His
Predecessor.
• WASHINGTON. Dec 11— A formal re
quest for protection was made by the
new Persian Minister In his address de
livered on the occasion of his presenta
tion to-day to the President.
. "I am pleased to hope. Mr. President,"
he Bald,' "that your Excellency and your
Government will design to accord to me
your support and protection in order to
carry to a happy end the mission with
which I am charged."
Isaac Khan Mofakhammed Dovelt,
the Minister, had In mind in making thia
statement the discourteous treatment of
his predecesssor. Hadji Hassan Ghouli
Khan Mohamet El Vessari, at the handa
of an American humorist. The retire
ment of Hadji Hassan Ghouli Khan was
due to the attention paid him and his
peculiar name by newspaper paragraph
ers. .
The Shah, it was said at the time, wa«
displeased and this probably accounts for
the fact that ten years elapsed before
a new Minister was accredited to this
Government. Isaac Khan explained in
his address to-day that the object of his
appointment is "to draw still closer the
ties of friendship and to aid In thg de
velopment of commercial intercourse be
tween the two Governments."
The President' cordially responded to the
Minister's address, bespeaking for him
"agreeable association , with the commu
nity among whom you come to dwell."
PERSIAN MINISTER
ASKS FOE FEOTECTION
The first session, of the annual
convention of the members of the
California Water and Forest Asso
ciation will be held to-morrow. There
are no delegates, but between 6000 and
7000 members have the privilege of attend
ance. In this feature the coming gather
ing-will be unique in the history of the
State. Last year, when the movement
was started to impound the flood waters
of the State, to provide a system of reser
voirs for Irrigation and mining purposes,
there- were 4& delegates In convent/on in
this city. Since then thousands of mem
bers have been gathered, all being In sym-
Hn,L?n the Purposes of the assocla
ln?n nA n contributing to its support.
illiam Thomas will preside
ni h l p Ji ncl iJ al work of th e convention
will be the discussion of the various leg
islative measures which have already
S?nh submitted for consideration, with
such others as may be suggested. A n^n
up. There will not be any move to se-
Sn-iii^T*?!" 011 of * special tribunal to
S^ lcat t al J conflicting water
rlonrri an^H t0 m ** 0 the. same a- matter of
[h« T»ViT h , e re « son -»s that members of
v^rnhff t« at «V re 'have. not been found fa
vorable to it., Another- topic which ha<«
™ »ujrKe 8 ted will not probably be taken
\vas to permit the purchase by the State
of cut over" forest lands for the pur
pose .of providing for the encouragement
of the second wowth timber. "^ cineni
Promoters of State Water
Interests Abandon Spe
cial Court.
MODIFICATION
OF PROGRAMME
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec 1L— The Su
preme Court to-day by an equally divided
vote refused to hear the charges of con
tempt of court preferred by Frank 8.
Monnett, late Attorney General of Ohio,
to that • court aealnst the Standard Oil
Company and Its officers. Including John
D. Rockefeller. The Information of con
tempt is by this decision dismissed.
The court divided as follows: For dis
missal—Chief Justice Shauck and Justices
?,V rk^, ¥ ld Dav ls; dissenting— Judges
Ml nshaJl, Spear and Williams.
When D. K. Watson was Attorney Gen
eral he instituted a proceeding to oust
the Standard Oil trust because it had ex
ceeded its corporate powers and was op
erating in a manner that was contrary
to public policy. „.
On March 20, 1892, the Supreme Court
ousted the company. On November 8 lSi>7
Mr.-Monnett filed the Information in con
tempt, claiming, that the Standard was
following a lino of policy that would in
effect never result in winding up its af
fairs. This Information was to-day dia-
Contempt Charges Against
the Company Are
Dismissed.
STANDARD OIL
WINS OHIO CASE
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 11. — John E. Fra
sier was arraigned to-day and L. L. Bte
vens, who at present is in Bakersfield, is
wanted, to answer to the charge of Bteal
ingr 230 barrels of crude petroleum from
"William Dryden of L'niversity. But this
theft, according: to a number of Oil men
who have been victimized and the investi
gation of detectives, is only one of a series
of similar larcenies. A conspiracy has
been unearthed which would have caused,
large losses to the oil producers if the
very boldness of the thieves had not
worked their undoing:. As it Is the oil men
believe that at leas.t 20u0 barrels, valued
at over $2wO, of their product have been
stolen and sold by Frasier and Stevens.
In every instance the petroleum was
taken from unlocked receiving tanks. The
thieves operated in two distinct methods.
That aJleged to have been adopted by Ifra
eier was to hire the drivere of oil tank
wagons to go at 2 or 3 o'clock in the morn
ing to some receiving tank, Frasier rep
resenting to them that he had a rush or
der thai must be tilled at once. For such
tripe he was willing to pay special rates.
Frasier would meet the teamsters at the
tank, which, not being guarded and being
far from the wells, was practically at the
mercy of the thief. When the wagxm tank
was filled be would direct the driver to
the Oil Storage and Trans po nation Com
pany's warehouse, where the oil was de
livered and in perfectly good faith credit
ed to Frasier's account. Recently Frasier
received $300 on account for oil left with
tho company for sale.
Stevens for some time acted as engineer
for Martin & Company's pumping plant
end Is eaid to have sold purloined oil di
rectly to consumers. He made his cus
tomers themselves come to the receiving
tanks, gave them other people's oil and
received cash on delivery. .
Frasier was held in default of $2000 bail
and a detective left for Bakersfield to-day
to arrest Stevens.
Epecial Dispatch to The CalL
John Frasier Arraigned and
L. L. Stevens Wanted at
Los Angeles.
BOLD THEFTS
OF PETROLEUM
Probable Winners.
First Race— Klngstelle, Scotch Belle, El So
nora.
Second Race — Greenock. Prestidigitator. Op>-
Sixth Race— Seven furlonrs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
1440 Dunblane 1101 1397 Acrobat 10»
1418 Lothian 109 1440 Ontlnella 109
1348 Spike 107 1391 Morlnga 109
1432 Decoy 107 1445 McNamara ....107
1397 Ostler Joe 112 1394 Meadow lark ...109
1333 Ringmaster ....103 1457 Monrovia 109
Fifth Raco— One and a sixteenth miles; three
yrar-olds and up: purse:
1452)Banjror 114; 1453)"Wax 17
1464 Allco^Turner... 85!
Fourth Race— One and a half miles; three
year-olds and up; Fresno selling:
(1461)Carapus 102.(l433)Gauntlet ...~.~102
1466 Koenlgr 101 14*5 Locoche* 10*
1466 Texarkana 104: 1449 Cue - »
1466 Colonel Root... 92 1
Third Race— Six furlongs; two-year-old* :
selling:
(1407)Bob Palmer ..10OI 1458 Bab —.108
(1377) Billy Lyons ..100 1291 Intrad* ..." »T
1453 Poyntz 1031 1448 Gold Badgo ....103
1455 Galanthus 97 1455 Bernota 97
(1442)Sad Sam 100
up; selling:
1430 Prestidigitator 9J 14«6 Opponent 101
1461 Im. Mletr&l 11.104 1«S Topmast 103
14«8 Free Lance 104 1387 Greenock 103
1427 Imperious 101 1393 Whaleback ....101
, Mile and seventy yards— Dandy H won,' Jessie
Jarbofr second, jBelle>!of Orleans third.. Time,
Elz forlonjrs. selling;— Midsummer won, Fleu
ron second. Diana Fonso third. Time, 1:14^»
'Six and . a half furlongs, handlcap-^-Georgle
won, Sevoy second, Aloha. II third. Time. 1:2L
One and an eighth miles— Beana won, Gov
«rnor Boyd second,. Bert Davis third. Time,
1:56.- - ., -. ¦ .,.• -,•....•„-¦.¦¦• ¦'•¦¦ . 5 I-.-., j -,-,
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 11.— Weather
fine; track fast. Summary: ; .
One mile,' selling — Petit Maitre won. Locust
Blossom second, -.Heroics third. " ' Time, 1:43.
I Six furlongs, gelling — Add ivon, Mallo second.
Gray Dally third. Time, 1:1D'4- -/-¦¦¦
Results at New Orleans.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 11.— F. A./Har
rington, H. H. Lyons and Tom Brennan,
officials of the Southern California Cours
ing Club, were held to the Superior Court
this afternoon to answer a charge of con
spiracy. The matter will doubtless be
taken to the Supreme Court, affording, op
portunity for a final determination of the
question as to. whether rabbit coursing
constitutes a violation of the statutes
against cruelty to animals. This decision
will affect the sport throughout the State.
Cruelty of the Sport.
COURSING MEN tt-rt.tv
Supreme Court to Decide as to the
Miles. . Laps.
Kikes and McFarland ....3002 ' 2
Pierce and McLachern 1002 2
Slmar and GouRoltz 1002 l
Turville and Glmm 1001 ,: 9
AValler and Stinson 1001 9
Babcock and AronBon.-. 1001 . 9
Fisher and Frederick 1001 . . 7
Ktser and Ryeer .*. 1001 .5
Muller and Accoutrier ..i.. 930 . 9
Elkes passed the 1000-mile mark in 48
hours and 50 minutes. . <
The score at 2 o'clock follows:
the Third Day of the Race.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— The nine teams
of the six-day bicycle race at Madison
Square Garden have been riding with
amazing strength ever since last night
without changing their standing.-' At the
end of the forty-eighth- hour the: leading
teams were three miles, ahead of .the rec
ord. -
Six-Bay Bicycle Riders Enter Upon
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dee. 11.—
Manager Glldersleeve received a reply to
day to his -telegram sent last Thursday
to the management of the Columbia foot
ball team. Gildersleeve was asked to
name the terms which he would offer the
Eastern team should they come to Cali
fornia during the holidays. This seems
to be a withdrawal by Columbia from
the agreement made some weeks ago to
make the trip for three-fourths of the
gross gate receipts and leaves the matter
bo uncertain that it is hardly likely the
two managers will bring their teams to
gether for a holiday game.
In addition to this the faculty athletic
committee has refused to allow the var
sity to make the Loa Angeles trip, bo a
second game with the Columbia team
would be impossible. As the men were
looking to the southern trip for what lit
tle pleasure they would get out of three
weeks of hard training they are not now
to willing ; to don their suits again. The
committee dealt more kindly with the
second eleven men,, granting permission
for them to Journey south arid meet the
Pomona, San Bernardino. San Diego and
Los Angeles Athletic Club teams.
Student Treasurer H. II. Taylor made
his final report to-day of the receipts of
the big game. It- shows that the total re
ceipts for the two colleges were $25,105,
of which Stanford's net- receipts were
$10,321, an excess of $2000 over last year's
game.
»
KEEPING UP THE GRIND.
mas Day With Stanford
Team.
Xittle Chance of a Game on Christ-
COLUMBIA DOES NOT
ACCEPT THE OFFER
Orpheum— Plume, catcher, on the door;
Stanneld. fancy pitcher, programme
builder; Hughes, first base, the block of
the Harmony Four; Barrett, 6econd base
unmistakable Irishman of the same har
monic quartet; Romer, third, stage hand;
Franks, short stop, same Invisible occupa
tion: Robertus, left field. Juggler and end
man or the team; Al Davis, center field,
half of a sketch team; Haughey, right
field, same as Romer and Pranks.
Nielsens— All from th« chorus: Welbe
ley, catcher; Burton, pitcher; Butler first
bas«; Ramdel, second base; Course, third
base; Lowley, short stop; Dale, left field;
Wethbein, right field; Ny«, center field.
».»..» . »¦«..» « .__._...... ...... ......_
The dramatis personae who worked out
the plot and its many ramifications to the
tragic ending were:
Brown, coached their team from the
grand stands on the south side of the
field. A scattering of the Xlelsen Com
pany chorus with a star or two to shine
upon the diamond firmament made noise
on the east side. Between the two the
players did several things, all of which
we're foreign to baseball.
The report was unanimously adopted
A resolution for the establishment of the
free school book eyetem where not al
ready In force was adopted. A resolution
providing that no locaJ affiliated with a
national or International chartered body
ehall be permitted to Join any central
body that has affiliated or may become af
filiated with any body that has seceded
from a national or international char
tered body was unfavorably reported. A
resolution to reinstate Typographical
Union No. 12 was referred to the incom
ing executive council.
The convention voted Its aid toward se
curing for the people of Porto Rico "free
dom of assembly, oi speech and the
press."
A propoFltion to have translated" into
the Spanish languape the literature of the
bricklayers'. longshoremen's. painters'
cigar-makers' and tobacco workers'- or
ganization for distribution In Porto Rico
caused a stirring debate.
Delegate Fisher of the tobacco work
er*, ppeaking against the measure, said
that "we have as many slaves In the to
bacco factories of the South to-day as
thjrt arc In Porto Rico."
The matter waa referred to th© execu
¦tlve ootx&elL
"lilghtr dues; appointment of organ
isers; the chartering of legal and central
bodies of colored people: In favor of
strikes where- they represent the only
means for redressing grievances; for the
collection of statistics relating to etrikes
and gains made without strikes; for tha
closer cementing of the- bonds between
international unions; for the employment
of an advertising solicitor for the Fed
erationiet and that the federation looks
with favor upon the formation of trade
groups."
"I want those ecab bootblacks to keep
out. I am a union boy and 1 want them
put out."
His "address" was received with yells
of applause. The report on the presi
dent's address contained the following
recommendations:
At the morning session a resolution was
presented by the cisar-m&kers' delegation
and under 6uspenion of the rules was im
mediately adopted by the convention, de
nouncing the efforts of the Resistencia to
keep members of the Cigar-makers' In
ternational Union out of the cigar fac
tories in Tampa. The support of the
Jederation Is pledged to the unions of
Tampa.
When the convention came to order at
4 o'clock President Uompera announced
thai a "gentleman wished to make an
address." whereupon a diminutive boot
black mounted the platform and shouted:
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Dec lL-The Amer
ican Federation of Labor begins to see
daylight through the mass of resolutions
with which It has been struggling for the
paet five daye. To-day was the last day
for the submission of resolutions, and not
withstanding the short session this af
ternoon great progress was made In dis
posing of those already before the con
vention.
It now looks as if Friday would eee
the final adjournment.
Work of American Federa
tion of Labor at
Louisville.
ACTION TAKEN ON
GOWIPERS' REPORT
THE Bcial! boy who had Been a sea
son of professional baseball from
the Eighth street fence of the
Recreation grounds read in the
papers that the Nielsens would
play th* Orpheums, eo he mounted the
'.err boards yesterday afternoon Just to
*>wipe a lamp" at them. At the- end of
the third inning he fell back into the
etreet. and when revived at the hospital
all he could Ea.y was: "Dem actors is
worse on de nashnul frame dan Umpire
Huphle Smit."
After a tlma, when the full power of
respiration and vocalization had returned
to him. he launched forth again. "De
players are bad enuf. but dose gruya who
hollers and lets de steam out when six or
eeventeen errors come along one after the
other ought ter b* put in a dark room
wit mattresses on de walls."
And the tma.ll boy a.t the Orpheum-Xiel
sen baseball g-ame was about right. There
never was tuch baseball played here or
Great was the reputation of the Xlelsen
Company baseball team— before 2 o'clock
on December 11, 1900. It Is now Ike a stu
pendous bubble that has burst. The
stage hands and the vaudeville artists of
the Orpheum- eld the Job to a perfected
nicety. Three pitchers were pulled out of
the Nielsen chorus and annihilated. Men
played on the Orpheum team who had
never known what a to&t looked like. It
was not a case of an "abler or a better"
soldier; It was one of not quite so bad.
The Orpheum contingent, headed by
John Morrisey, Harry Orndorf and Joe
anywhere before. At the end of the match
the Orpheums had twenty-flvo or thirty
runs — the Bcorer couldn't count them — and
the Nielsens mustered up ten. But the
ppectators did not shout because they Im
agined they were at a baseball match.
They knew It was a burlesque before the
first Inning had come and gone. Last
nipht there ¦was much noise on the west
Fide of the Orpheum Auditorium. Every
thing was dull, bitter end stale at the
same kind of an adjunct south of the Co
lumbia Theatra.
VAUDEVILLE STARS AXD OPERATIC EIXGERS VIED WITH ONE AXOTHER ON THE RECREATION GROUNDS
YESTERDAY IN A BASEBALL GAME, WHICH ENDED IN A VICTORY FOR THE ORPHEUM TEAM OVER
THE NIELSEN COMPANY REPRESENTATIVES.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, TL^SPAY^DECEMBCTir— Weaker
l^GsT^rtRlsyiitACE^^^ all ages; parse. >350.
Index |Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. ft. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. '' Op. Hl""^!. PL
l436*JTenny Belle. 2...101 "Tl H H 1~4 l"T~ Dominick ..7-5 t t *-»
1441 Cougar. 2 103 10 i »a 3 2 tZ 2 3 O'Connor... B-2 i • 3
14M Flatterer. 2 109 6 3 «H 4 1 SI 3 h. J-^/j- 1> U U 4
1433 Onyx. 4 114 16 6 1* 5 2 In 4 4 Frawley .... g a H 19
1401 I Don't Know, a.114 7 9 8 1 7 3 T 2 6 1 Din&ley .... 15 20 » J
1395 Modder. 2 V* 54 21 2*4h «2 M°H?« .... S « « •
1008 Mamie Hlld'th. 2.106 38 7n «h II 7J4E. I* 0 "*."— H i5 t2 la
1468 Dr. Marks. 5.. ...114 2 7 10 M 10 20 9 S 12 £¦ Woods... «O 1M 100 40
1417 Maxello. 5 129 8 5 6 1 8% «H 9 10 N-Ju rner... • U 13 4
1436 Abba L. 2- 81 11 11 9 2 8 2 10 50 10 100 Brodlen .... J 15 U 6
1335 David S. 2 106 9 19 11 11 11 U Klley I 4 ? * ?
Timft-H. :12U; «,. :85%; H. 1:001*. Good start. Won easily. Second easily. Third
Wlnn£. T. FeStonlc Co/s £ f. by Tenny-Ma Belle. Considerable delay at po^ D*£3
S ran away the distance twice. Flatterer had a bumpy trip, dodder br eeied part oi toe
dlstanceandtbjgjg^^
14GO. SECOND RACE— One mile; all ages; purse. HM.
i p£ : I, Bttam
Index (Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. U. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl FL
1399 Socialist, 6 104 12 11 12 13 15 Doroinick •• • • - ! *
1441 Tyr. 2 S2 45 3% 83 35 21 Martin 3-6 7-13 l-I —
1445 Ollnthus. 4 104 23 2n 2H*1 »8 J. Woods.... A A £ 1
1455 Loconomo, 8 110 54 62 54 64 42 E. Flynn.... 10 « « •
1435 Jim McClee\x 4..10T 3 1 i hi 4h 4 2 5 6 Frawley.-. «0 100 100 W)
1436 jlrate. 2 791 6 I 6 6 6 6 J. Walsh.... 8 » 33 I
Time— M, :25U: H. :49V4; %. 1:14; mile. 1:»*. Good start. Won eas^T- Se< f n<^ (V a £ d »l^?
driving. Winner. Wilson & Rooker's b. *. by St. Carlo- Anarchy. Winner la fora a*ala-
Tyr a trlfl* sora and peaked-looking. Oltn:hus ranwell. gggtched—Oreenoc: *J^- u . l _ n _ OJ - g
1470. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs: Belling : three-year-olds; pars*. $300.
p^ ¦ j L B«ttin* — >
Index Horse and Welgrht. Pst St. Vt. K- Str. Fin. 1 Jockeys. Op. HI. CL n.
1434 Vantlna ,..109 10 1 l!i 12 12 12 Mounc* .... 1 1* <-» W
1440 Tlzona 93 22 2b 2h 21 22 Ransch 4 8 »-3 -
.... Talma 192 1 7T 5H3h 3*4 31 Martin S 15 15 •
1297 Billy Moore 9968 3h 4V4 41 4 1 1 * Weir 80 40 80 1*
1404 The Singer 1C9 9 5 74 Hi fl 5 1H "U-y 4 6 6 -
1*54 Formatus 103 18 82 51 5h «H .O'Connor ... 8 15 15 •
.... Finch P9 89 41 61 7*72|J. Walsh... 10 23 » 19
1462 Slsquoc 100 3 10 92 73 81 8>4 Tullett 13 20 20 8
1450 Summer 102 44 «1 91 95 96 Doroinlek ..15 8> » *
1438 Dr. Boyle 99 11 11 11 10 10 3 10 4 Matthews 10 80 60 IS
1412 MacFlecknoe ....110 5 t 10 8 11 11 .11 IE. Flynn. . 20 80 «3 »
Time— 3-16. :1S; 7-16. :41%; 5Hf. 1:07. Good start. Won eas!ly. Second and third drlvlax.
Winner. W. B. Jennings & Co.'s ch. f. by Anchorite- Vestlna. Vantlna can beat ordinary
ones. Tlzona bothered ronnd far turn. Talma will do. With a. stronger rider up KlacH
will bo worth a bet. Scratched— Xed Dennis ;j 9 - |^ r| _ riAri<
1471. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and tip; purte. HOO.
Po] ~ / Batting >
Index Horsa, Age. Weight. Pst St. H- %¦ Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PL
(1448) Theory 4 104 4(3 In Ifcln In O'Connor .. 4-5 4-5 7-19 1-4
144S St. Cuthtxrt. 6.-109 7 2 11 18 J3 gS :j. Woods.... *£ * » }
1304 Good Hope, 4.... 9984 Sh 43 3W3ns Coburn ._.. 10 23 25 •
Le-nnep 5.. 109 3 5 BH 3% 4% 4n DomialcJe .. « « t »
1459 Prejudice 8 .104 6 6 4 h 5 2 5 6 5 10 Maxtln ..... 4 5 J •-*
M40 D^nboy"*.?.. . 100 5 1 7« 6 1 6 5 6 4 F. Kelly.... 100 BOO W0 10O
.... Imp Br-dbrira. 4.102 18 8 8 71 TU Tullett ..... 80 800 809 6»
1432 Flor'lnel II. 3 99 2 7 1^ II 8 8 Logu» I 80 200 100 40
Time— M. :25; %. :«%: *i. 1:13^4. Good start. Won easily. Second and third drfTtn*. Win
ner D A. Honlg'a b. m. by Imp. Eaher Morning Glory. Johnny Woods drowsy a*ata- H«
waited' until the bird had flown b«for« pulling the trigger. Lennwp can make It In uraSrella
time. Sh« was not beaten much at that. Scratched— Earn Fullen 110, Bathos 97, Osmond
$9, OrdnUng 104. _~~r»^r^-i_r'>.rw-^-i.r^^ '.' u-uT-1-LfLn.n r»
1472. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. 815ft.
j ' PoTj " I I [/¦ ¦ Batting- »
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. %. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hl O. PL
1449 Owensboro, 8 102 98 51 4h 13 15 Coburn ._.. I 10 7 |
1434 Wyoming, a 104 6 10 e»i Ch 3h 3n J Woods.... t-2 « I |
1460 Snips. 6... 112 21 9h 9^41 In K. Turner.. 5 • 8 »
liti- Flanoero. 4 101 4 4 4% Z% 2h 4 1 Mounc « H-2 J •-*
1S33 Merry Boy. 1... .101 6 7 7 tt 8 1 5 1 5^ Tull«tt U-. 10 15 13 5
1454 Lomond. 1 103 8 3 8 k 11 . «J Mi O'Connor... 5 I « t
1S9S Jingle Jingle. 4..101 86 I« J(j J 7s J. Martin... 10 13 li »
1448 Ala>ia. 4 1 101 18 10 10H«» ** Fauntleroy 13 25 15 *
1454 La. Mascotta. a.. 101 10 9 3h 6h 84 9 6 Basslnger } 15 13 •
1419 Asto1\5lT..... 101 7 5 2 1 1 8 10 10 PomlnlcK .. 6 2!> 15 »
T'me— hi '12%' H :38: H. 1:01; %. 1:2SV*. Oood start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing Winner. 6. C. Hlldreth' s ch. c. by imp. D« Beauyior-Fannia Lyona. Winner eall«d tn
from scout duty and advanced half a dozen numbers for bravery. His troop backed, btai.
Wyoming ran a swell race. Turner on Snipe arrived as tha train polled oat. A "dip" could
find no more pockets than Tullett on Merry Boy did. La Mascotta. exploded. Alaria cot oft
at start. Scotched— Irnp#riou!^ n^^ rv^r^_r^,- u
1473T^3IXTII^RACE— Mileanft~a sixteenth;^^han^dlcap;~thre»-year-olds and up; pursa^ 8500.
— — ; PoTj ' " t Betting— <
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst[st. hi.. H. 8tr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PL
14«1 Dr Bernays. 5.. .10? 45 4n 41 In 11 Dominies: •• 8-2 S-J 4 M
1M0- Fluihi It Gold. 3..1C0 2 3 3 5 1^11 33 itounce 2 6-3 11-5 1-V>
"i',"» rinrlrar 3 110 5 3 5 5 3334 O'Connor ... 4 7-3 18-* t-5
I4I9 The FYetter"'V.. 115 11 11 8J4 4H46 JJ. Turner.. 8 9-3 9-2 8-8
(U31) Ulloa. 4. ...!•...:- .82 S4»H,2h6 6 J. Martin... 10 10 8 6-3
Time— 1-16 '08H- 5-16. :30H; 9-16. :55; 13-16. 1:20; mile. 1:40; 1 1-lfim, 1:4«H- Good start. Won
handily.' Second and third driving Winner, W. Tisher's ch. g. by Sir Dtxon- Wiesbaden,
fun Just to suit the winner. Flush of Gold ran gamely. Too much weight on Florl
iXr The Fretter stale. Ulloa. better than supposed. Scratched— Seide 97.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
The wives of Commander Seton Schroe
der,\ Governor of Guam, and other offi
cers, who went to the island on the
Solace, remained at Guam.
The United States hospital ship Solace
has arrived at.Cavite from San Francisco.
Her officers say the condition of affairs
at the island of Guam has considerably
improved since a week ago. Dwellings
are being restored and the people are re
suming their occupations, but the crop3
are", practically all destroyed, though
there is no immediate want The Solace
left supplies there and the Arethusa has
taken a considerable quantity of supplies
to Guam from Cavite. The reports as to
the number of deaths are about un
changed.
In addition to this engagement there had
been several minor encounters between
the troops and the insurrectionists.
'¦' MANILA, Dec. 11.— A detachment of the
Fifth Cavalry had a fight with a hundred
insurgents south of Santa Cruz Sunday.
The insurgents were chased for four
miles. Fourteen of them were found
dead. There were no American casual
ties.
Fifth Cavalry in a Sharp
Fight South of Sauta
Cruz.
Second Race— One nolle; three-year-olds and
ROUT OF REBELS
IN PHILIPPINES
In answer to his cablegram asking: the
standing on the English turf of Tod
Sloan, President Wllllamo of the Califor
nia Jockey Club received the following re
ply from the Messrs. Weatherby, London,
yesterday: "Findings proved Sloan ac
cepted large offer Codoman winning and
that he had betted. Informed him he
need not apply for license to ride."
This places Sloan in about the same po
sition Rlley Grannan was in and the
crack jockey will not be allowed to ride
at Oakland.
The following have declared out of the
Western Foal stakes to be run at the
spring meeting at Tanforan:
B. Schretber declares: Father "Wentker, Pto
quart, Otis. Praetorlus. John Lodge declares:
Ch. c. by Friar-Tuck-Queen Kapiolanl. W, M.
Murray declares: Ch. c. by St. Carlo-Wilda;
ch. f. by St. Carlo-Conchlta; ch. c. by St.
Carlo-TIlUe 8: br. f. by Yankee Doodle-Mamie
H. B. Corrlsran flecliree: B. o. by Vassal-
Mobalaska; b. c by Vassal-Ottyanna; b. c.
by Vassal-Idol: b. c, by Indlo- Edith; b. 0. by
Indio- Lucerne; b. c. by Indlo-Fannle S; b. c.
by Indlo or Lew Wler- Vixen; b. c. by Indlo-
Tempest: b. f. by Imp. Watercress-Lucille Mur
phy. Burlingaine Stock Fferm declares: The
Master. Marcus Daly declares: Ch. c by
Tammany-The Task; ch. c. by Imp. Kendal-
Pastorelle; ch. c. by Hanover-Starlight; ch. c.
by lmr>. Inverness-Sadie; b. c by Meddler-
Laetltla.
Following are td-day's entries:
First Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds ;
selling: ' . . . § ' ¦;
1451 Spindle ...100, 1M9 Corn Cake ....100
1451 Slsenvlne 100) 1468 Abba L 115
13H5 Scotch Belle. ..100 1441 Klngrstelle 105
1420 El Sonera 115 1451 Estelada 10.i
1S.15 Lu Rayo 10) 1381 Cousin Carrie.. 100
1456 Letlga 100 1322 Intrepldo 115
Track Notes.
be the star of the California racing
season. He brought In. three winners at
Oakland yesterday - and scarcely a day
passes that he does not appear to advan
tage In the saddle. When the modest lit
tle" fellow arrived here it was said he was
essentially a front rider, but rila master
ful handling of Dr. Bernays in the mile'
and a sixteenth handicap does not bear out
this assertion. It was the afterpiece and
the nattiest -betting affair of the after
noon. Such a preponderance of coin made
itself manifest to be bet on the chances
of Flush of Oold, carrying 100 pounds,
that the Doctor's odds went to 4^i to 1.
Florlzar had friends, The Fretter waa
not neglected and the odds about the
paper-weighted Ulloa with 82 pounds in
the saddle fell from 10 to 5. Permitting
The Fretter, Flush of Gold and Ulloa to
cut out a scorching clip to the stretch,
while he dropped in behind with Dr. Ber
nays, Dominick then began playing check
ers. Overhauling Flush of Gold, the most
stubborn of the leaders, less than a fur
long from the stand, he landed his mount
an almost easy winner in 1:46&. Florizar
finished third, three lengths back of the
favorite.
For a change the first choices did not
treat their followers bo harshly, Tenny
Belle. Vantine and Theory getting across
the line at scant odds. The attendance
was again large and the betting, so the
bookmakers said, remarkably good.
After David S, the most dangerous
looking contender in the opening sprint,
had run away a couple of times Tenny
Belle, the choice, came home by herself.
Platterer was not the recipient of a very
pleasant voyage, losing the place to Cou-
The defeat of Tyr. the two-year-old
from the Carruthers & Shields-' stable,
was a disastrous blow to the talent. The
colt ruled a 1 to 2 chance in the betting
on the mile purse run for all ages and
was mercilessly slaughtered by Socialist,
a 6 to 1 shot The latter horse seems to
have rounded to, for he covered the dis
tance, running away at the close, In
1:3924. ¦
Walter Jennings' filly Vantine had noth
ing much to beat in her race and at odds
of 4 to 6 came in "on the bit." Tlzona
took the place quite as handily from
Talma, a 15 to 1 chance, which faced the
barrier here for the first time.
For a boy who rides many good races,
Johnny Woods can also supply some
rancid exhibitions of stupid horsemanship.
He had the mount on St. Cuthbert in the
six-furlong spin and had he gone on about
his business the horse's backers might
have cashed. Instead, with his mount
only galloping into the stretch, he allowed
O'Connor, astride the favorite, ineory, to
pull up on even terms. Then he drew his
whip and at the wire lost out rather easily
by a neck. Rides like this one keep peo
ple guessing, and there Is little wonder at
it. Lennep. a polished mud performer,
lost the show to Good Hope.
To be sure, post mortems are tiresome,
but the career of Owensboro since his
advent here has not been a nattering one
and only yesterday did his wedding day
arrive. ' The horse first started in tha
name of Albert Simons and was later sup
posedly sold to Sam Hlldreth, though by
many the sale was not considered a bona
fide one. After the colt's extremely easy
capture of the seven-furlong selling num
ber, backed down from 10 to 1, it gives his
former races a shady look. The argu
ment might be put forth that the route
yesterday wes snorter, but he won in a
way that would Indicate him a likely
candidate for the Thornton stake. If. en
tered In the same. Tim Murphy, who
seems to have camped on the trail of Al
bert Simons and apparently still thinks
that horseman the owner of Owensboro,
bid the winner up from $300 to $500. .
¦. . / • ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦..
IT begins to look as though before
the flowers that bloom in the spring
are with us little Dominick, who
rides for Bookmaker Fred Cook, will
By P\ E. MTJX.HOIjXj.A^rr).
Crack Light-Weight Pilots Dr, Bernags in Faultless Fashion,
Sloan Cannot Ride at Oakland.
DOMINICK'S FINE SADDLE WORK
CALLS FORTH UNSTINTED PRAISE
Compelled to Stand In Line for
Meals and Then to Sit
on a Wet Deck to
The transport Hancock's load of sick
and wounded soldiers was transferred
yesterday from the vessel to the Presidio.
The general appearance of the men was
much better than that presented by pre
vious shiploads. The passenger list con
tained the names of 213 soldiers and of
this number seventy-six were found fit
for Immediate discharge. The rest were
distributed throughout the various wards
of the general hospital.
The usual complaint of poor food and
poor manner of handling those soldiers
who were not sick enough to be entitled
to berths In the ship's hospital was to be
heard from the men. The 6oldiers claim
that they were not furnished the 40 cents'
worth per day of food which they are al
lowed and that the stuff which was given
'them was not fit to eat. They were also
fed like pigs, so they claim, no tables be
ing furnished them. It was a casa of stand
In line and take what was handed to
you and then find a spot on the deck clean
enough and dry enough upon which they
could sit to dispose of it. Most of the
men who returned were convalescing
from attacks of dysentery and the food
furnished was not of me kind usually
given 6lck men. In the event that a man
was unable to stomach the meat fur
nished, he could make his meal upon soda
crackers, provided he could get them.
The principal Item on the bill of fare
was a sort of stew, in soldier parlance
called "slum." This was to be had morn
ing, noon and night and It Is a matter of
record that at no stage of the voyage was
a potato or other vegetable discovered In
the mixture.
Among the Insane brought back on the
Hancock was Acting Assistant Surgeon
George ¦%%'. Storey of Portland, Or. The
young man's mania is of a suicidal nature
and a close watch must be kept upon him.
Borne time before the young doctor's mal
ady made it necessary to confine him he
attempted to drown himself in the Passig
River and was only saved through the
heroic action of a sergeant of the Third
Artillery.
Captain F. S. Dewey, assistant surgeon,
LT. S. V., returned on the Hancock and
has been ordered home for discharge on
account of disability.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Relpsnyder,
one of the Hancock's medical staff, has
been ordered to return to the islands upon
the expiration of one month's leave of
absence.
Clara M. Zeller and Llbbie Wilson, fe
male'nurses, will return after a short
rest. Nurse Lucy G. Annan has been or
dered home for annulment of contract.
Sergeant Wunderllch of Battery C,
Third Artillery, was thrown from his
horse yesterday and severely injured.
When picked up he was unconscious and
found to be suffering from a badly cut
Jaw and numerous bruises on the head.
He was treated at the post hospital.
Harry McCann, a private of Company A,
Twenty-first Infantry, died yesterday at
the general hospital.
Twelve insane, soldiers were sent yester
day to the Government Hospital for the
Insane at Washington. Among the lot
was the colored soldier, Griffin, who is
very violent, and over whom the gruard
in charge has orders to watch most care
fully. Several times while in the insane
ward at the Presidio hospital he broke
loose, demolishing the furniture and in
juring the attendants.
All available casuals and assigned re
cruits now at the Presidio, belonging to
organizations 6erving In the Philippine
Islands or China, will be held in readiness
to sail for "Manila on the army transport
Logan about the 15th inst.
Captain "Warren H. Cowlea, Fourth In
fantry, now at the Presidio, is designated
for service with and to accompany the de
tachment.
Allege That Food and Accom
modations on the flan
cook Were Bad.
SICK SOLDIERS
MAKE COMPLAINT
AMATEUR BALLPLAYERS AND RACERS FURNISH A DAY OF SPORT
P** THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12. 1900.
Orpheum Team Demolishes Three of the Nielsen Twirlers and
With Great Ease Destroys a National Reputation.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ire
MADE STRONG
Contracted Ailments
CURED
DR. MEYERS SCO.
SPECIALISTS
Oldest, largest and Best Eqaippad
Medical Institute and Most
Extensive Practice.
Founded Nearly 20 Year* Ago. Coa-
•ultation Free at Omce
or by Kail.
OUR GUARANTEE
Any one doubting our abllltr &°6 '
wishing t» test our methods, rmnedle*
«nd appliances may deposit th» prio*
of cure In any bank in San Francisco.
IF A CURE IS NOT EFFECTED K£
A REASONABLE TIME THE B-^fK
yrvLL. return the moxet. Pay-
ments may oe mada in monthly in-
stallments if prsrnrwd. Price* rea-
sonable, alike to rich and poor. Na
other reputable doctors will max*
such a fair oC»r. .
Our treatment gtres Tl». * 1 5°^l7£
tality. itrenith and ambition to w-&a
and despondent men. y«">* «J ol A
married or single, roardlws «fth#
eause of their trouble. JWe maater
wasting- weakness, unnatural aral&a,
loasesTetc. quickly and permanently.
WE ALSO CURB
Private Diseases, including Contam
• g/ous Blood Foison, Stricture,
Varicocele, Hydrocele. Rupture,
Piles. Diseases of the Kidney,
Spine. Bladder, etc.
Our home cure system Is marvel-
ouslr successful. If you cannot visit
San Francisco write us in confidence
an I we will send you. sealed, by mall,
a booklet which contains a valuable
treatise on all disease and weaknesses
of men. and a vreat deal of other
?y valuable information.
' ! m MEYERS & CO.,
*J HOURS: Dally. 8 to 8. fireninss.
I to !. 'Sundays. » to 11. ELBVATOtt
ENTRANCE-
7Q1 Market StreetWe are selling agents for "Waterman
Ideal" fountain pens, and the "Marshall,"
the best $1 pen in the world. These make
ideal . Christmas presents. Say >nn. Vail
& Co., 711 Market st. •
Judge Cabanlss yesterday Issued fa war
rant for the arrest of Wl Kred Haasell. of
Temple, Texas, who is accused of felony
by C. T. Spencer, recorder of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen. Hassell re
cently arrived In this city, and on the rep
resentation that- his father was a promi
nent member of the order of Workmen,
and that he also had money in the Temple
banks, Spencer wns induced to cash eC
check for $60. Inquiries showed, however,
that Hassell had no fund in the banks of
Temple.
Spsncer Holds Worthless Check.
A special men's vicl kid, box calf, seal
skin or kangaroo shoes, worth $4 to to,
will be sold to-morrow for $1 85 a pair.
These shoes are hand sewed, stylish. All
sizes. At, the shoe trust sale of the Bee
Hive Shoe Company, 717 Market street,
near Third. •
You Will Be Right in It.
Christmas Presents.
Our store will be open evenings until
ChriEtmas for the exhibition and sale of
choice and useful Christmas presents.
Banborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
The report attracted the attention of
those in Lyons' bar. Among them were
Colonel" Al Andrews and a man known
as 'Chalky Jack." both bookmakers?, the
latter in the employ of Humphries & Co.
They seized the man. who was brandish
ing the smoking pistol, and attempted to
wrest It from his grasp. He eluded them,
however, and ran up toward Stockton
street. At the corner he ran into the
arms of Policemen AV. Proll and C. E
Kennell. He refused to relinquish the pis
tol, which while running he had put into
his hip pocket. In the scuffle to gain pos
pession of it another chamber exploded,
the bullet narrowly missing his foot. At
the station Smith seemed extremely ex
cited and refused to talk about his act
lie was well dressed and appeared to
have been drinking: None of the per
sons concerned claim any knowledge of
Smith and declare he was a perfect
stranger. It Is said Smith is a well-known
tenderloin character.
The Summers woman had driven down
to Lyons' place in a hack with an escort,
and after Indulging In liquid refreshments
they re-entered the hack. As they took
their seats Smith, who had been concealed
in the shadow of some building on the op
posite side of the street, got into the hack,
telling tho driver to drive fast, and that
he was a doctor and in trouble. The
hackman ordered Smith to get out of the
hack, which he did after protesting. He
walked a few feet away and then, draw
ing a revolver, opened fire on the occu
pants of the vehicle.
lodged in the Central Police Station. He
later bailed himself out by putting up
$50. The charge preferred was that
of carrying a concealed weapon, the wea
pon In question being a murderous-look
ing 41-caliber revolver with two chambers
empty.
Military Reunion.
Company P of the First Regiment In
fantry of the National Guard had a mili
tary reunion in the Ellis-street armory
last night for the entertainment of mem
bers and invited guests. There were pres
ent a large number of ladies and their es
corts, including many military men. Prior
to the dancing, musical and literary num
bers •were contributed by Miss Lulu
Magee, Edgar Goldsmith, "Will Locke, Ray
McClinton and Kenneth A. Millican. Cor
poral William Cohn was floor manager
and J. A- Eason assistant. They were
assisted by Sergeant C. D. Cook, Corporal
O. Gambettn, J. L. Simons, K. A. Milli
can, J. M. Hubbard, J. T. Blckford and
Lieutenant W. A. Varney, of the commit
tee of arrangements.
Calendars for 1901.
"California Poppies," "Wild Flowers,"
"Chinese." "Indian." "Black Cats," "Jap
anese." "Old Ml??ions" and Eastern cal
endars of e\^ery description. Christmas
cards for the millions. Sanborn Vail &
Co., 741 Market st. •
Vitriol-Thrower at Large.
The police have thus far been unable to
locate the fiend who threw vitriol on the
dresses of the Bass sisters and their cou
sin, Margaret Tuckey, while they were
on their way to St. Brigld's Church, last
Sunday. Chief Sullivan is satisfied that
the vitriol thrower is a crank who has
an aversion to children's dresses.
"It's nobody's business who the woman
Is," remarked- Seymour. "The diamonds
have been returned and that is all there
is to it."
For some unknown reason, the head of
the detective department refused to reveal
the name of the woman who lost the dia
monds or of the man who found them.
A woman, whose name Captain of Do
toctlves Seymour refuses to' divulge, while
walking along Montgomery street last
Saturday afternoon, dropped a box con
taining diamonds worth $11,000. She ad
vertised her loss In the newspapers offer
ing a liberal reward for their return.
Yesterday the man who found the pre
cious stones visited police headquarters*
and turned them over to Captain Sey
mour.
Diamonds Restored to Woman
Who Dropped Them.
Eleven Thousand Dollars' Worth of
LOST GEMS BETTJRNED
TO THEIR LUCKY OWNER
A tenderloin shooting scrape Involving
many of, the prominent characters of that
district occurred outside the saloon, of
Billy Lyons on Post street early yester
day morning. The target was Rosie
Summers, better known as "Russian
Rosie," and the wielder of the revol
ver, a man claiming to be a doctor by
profession and a miner by choice, hailing
from Arizona and giving his name as
Howard S. Smith. The man was arrested
Immediately after firing the first shot and
Claiming to Be Physician.
FIRES AT NOTORIOUS WOMAN.
Rosie Summers' Life Sought by Man
After firing the shot the woman, think
ing that she had seriously wounded her
husband, ran from the house toward Mar
ket street, where she was arrested. While
she was being placed in the patrol wagon
Pickering begged to be allowed to ac
company her to the Southern station.
"Take that, you scoundrel," shouted the
woman, as she aimed the pistol at her
guilty husband and fired. Fortunately for
him her aim was bad and the bullet did
no further damage than to make a hole
in his trousers.
Driven to desperation by the man who
had led her to the altar, Emma Pickering,
aged 22 years, last night made an attempt
to murder him. Discovering her husband
in a room In the Inglewood House, at 156
Fifth street, with another woman, Mrs.
Pickering fired a shot at him, but did no
more damage than to tear away a portion
of his trousers.
Pickering conducts the Bristol restau
rant at 126 Fifth Btreet- He has been
married for about five years, and has two
children, one being -two years old and the
other about fourteen months.
About two weeks ago Pickering left his
wife and children and went to live with
a woman who is known as "Alice", at
the Inglewood House. After vainly
searching for him Mrs. Pickering last
night learned that he had left his place
of business shortly after 8 o'clock, pre
sumably In the company of the woman
called ""Alice." Mrs. Pickering, goaded
to desperation, went to her home and
taking a revolver wi.'ch belonged to her
husband determined to kill him. After
kissing her babies "good-by" the dis
tracted woman with the pistol— a cheap
one of thirty-eight caliber— in her pocket
hurriedly repaired to the house where
her husband and his female companion
were stopping. Accosting the clerk she
learned the room in which her husband
was and with murder in her eyes rapped
for admittance. Pickering, recognizing
his wife's voice, refused to admit her.
After roundly cursing her he opened the
door and asked his wife what she wanted.
Wronged Wife Driven to Desperation at Detection of Hus
band's Fickleness Seeks Revenge With Loaded Pistol.
ONE WOMAN SHOOTS HER SPOUSE,
ANOTHER IS TARGET FOR BULLETS
SOCIETY received a pleasant sur
prise yesterday when the engage
ment of Miss Charlotte Gashwiler
and Jose Miguel Robledo was an
nounced. Simultaneously with the
news of the engagement comes the infor
mation that the wedding of the happy
young couple will be celebrated on the
loth of January. In the apartments of the
bride's mother at the Colonial.
Miss Gashwiler Is the daughter of the
late John AV. Gashwiler, who was closely
Identified with the mining Interests of the
State in early days, and the sister of Mrs.
Samuel M. Shortrldge. She is one of the
most popular of the belles in local circles
and enjoys the well-merited reputation of
being a wit and a beauty.
Senor Robledo, the lucky man, though
owning a residence In Guatemala, was
born in Snaln. His parents belong to the
aristocratic circles of Barcelona and are
very wealthy. Senor Robledo, after grad
uating from the Madrid University, trav-
*s* " " •<•
eled in various countries and seven years
a?o assumed the management of his
father's extensive coffee plantations Jn
Guatemala.
Upon his trips to San Francisco from the
plantations Senor Robledo stopped at the
Occidental Hotel and at that hostelry,
four years ago. he first met Miss Gash
¦vveller, who was living at the hotel at th<»
time.
Tho clerks then asked for instructions
as to what was wanted, and Wells said
he was not expected to inform them and
further cautioned them not to make any
memoranda in the books unless they knew
what they were doing.
"You are supposed to know what to do,"
said Wells; "you have taken the civil ser
vice examination and ought to know what
is necessary."
Later in the day the six dismissed clerks
filed a_n affidavit with the commission In
which they represented that the assess
ment rolls were put before them and they
were told to go to work by Deputy Audi
tor Wells. The clerks said they had no
instructions as to what to do.
Wells says he wll! insist on getting ex
perienced clerks. If the Civil Service
Commission is unable to furnish them he
will employ men who have done the work
before but who have not passed the civil
service examination.
"Having work in my department of an
experienced nature, I desire to ask that
you allow me eight experienced clerks, as
the time to finish the work is limited.
You have sent me clerks who are thor
oughly unfamiliar with the duties re
quired of them, with but two exceptions.
I make this request at the suggestion of
one of the ordinary clerks that men of ex
perience should perform this particular
work."
Auditor Wells immediately sent a com
munication to the Civil Service Commis
sion, in which he requested that eight ex
perienced clerks be sent him in place of
the six ordinary clerks who were dis
charged. The Auditor's letter to the com
mission reads as follows:
The men had proceeded with their
work, when Deputy Leary, who was su
pervising It, discovered that they had ac
complished actually nothing. Leary de
manded an explanation, when six of the
men admitted that they knew absolutely
nothing about the work. Only two of the
eight. Moynihan and O'Brien, were re
tained, as they proved themselves com
petent.
The eight men were employed for the
purpose of extending the tax roll fn prep
aration for the annual report to the State
Controller. The Auditor requested the
commission to send him ten of the best
clerks it had at Its disposal. The commis
sion then sent to the Auditor: T. Philip
O'Brien, whose rank on the eligible list is
Xo. 1; Fred Head, No. 2; Fred L. Rud
dock, No. 6; Andrew T. McGreary, No. 7;
Ignatius D. Dwyer, No. 11: Ralph W.
Bliven, No. 14; Richard J. dline, Xo. 15;
Charles A. Sankey, No. 16, and H. 13.
Moynihan, No. 17.
The doubtful beauties of tho present
merit system injected by the Phelan ad
ministration into the municipal govern
ment was again exemplified yesterday
morning. Auditor Wells was obliged to
discharge six out of eight ordinary clerks
sent to him by the Civil Service Commis
sion and certificated from the eligible list.
The men had been worjtlng for just three
hours, during which time they proved
their utter Incompetency to do the re
quired work, and for that reason they
were summarily dismissed.
They Are Furnished From Eligible
List to Extend Tax Roll and
Work Only Three
Hours.
Auditor Wells Discharges
Six Out of Eight, Alleg
ing Incompetency.
REJECTS CIVIL
SERVICE CLERKS
SHE WILL BE THE BRIDE
OF A WEALTH Y PLANTER
Engagement of Miss Gashwiler and
Senor Robledo Is Announced.
thf absenop of Governor Gage.
The appointment of Professor W. W.
Campbell as Dr. Heeler's successor as di
rector of Lick Observatory, made recently
by the Lick Observatory committee, was
formally ratified. The new director will
enter upon the discharge of the duties of
the office January L
"The choice," said President Wheeler,
in reporting the action of the comrrlttee.
"has practically been made for us by the
world's eminent astronomers. Letters
came to t:s from all over the world, and
but one sentiment was expressed — 'Your
choice is easy, the man who is now your
acting director.' These letters constitute
a wonderful set of credentials."-
The regents reconsidered their action of
some weeks ago, and voted the widow of
the late Director Keeler the salary which
would have been due him to January 1.
The amount which she will receive as a
result of this action Is $1537 65. President
Wheeler recommended that the salary to
January 1 be paid to Mrs. Keeler, and
General Barnes spoke eloquently in favor
of the recommendation. He eaid:
"Lick Observatory, splendid as it is. is
a helpless machine except it have the
guidance of a master mind, pre-eminent
in his department of science; a man de
voted not to money-getting and who lays
up his treasures in the heavens eternal.
Such a man was Professor Keeler. Prom
inent men from all parts of the world who
visited California have been anxious to
see Lick Observatory. We have sent
them to Mount Hamilton with letters of
introduction to Director Keeler. and we
of the committee were often his guests.
So it was that he was called upon fre
quently for generous entertainment. It
all came out of the pocket of our dead
friend.
"We really owed him a money consider
ation, and when we said to the widow
that we would pay it to her, we did only
what we had a right to do. I made the
original motion, and when I learned, after
a later meeting, that the action had been
repealed, the gift taken back, I was in
finitely chagrined and pained. This gift
was not the misappropriation of a trust
fund, but the payment of a just debt."
The motion was passed by a unanimous
vote.
Judge Wallace called attention to the
fact that three months' pay had been,
voted the widow of the late Secretary
Bonte at the same time as the gift to
Airs. Keeler had been made, and the ac
tion had been rescinded with it He
moved that three months' pay— $S25— be al
lowed Mrs. Bonte. and made an earnest
plea In her behaif. Judge Slack asked
that the motion be laid on the table until
the next meeting, to give opportunity for
Inquiry as to certain points, and with Re
gent Wallace's cpnsent the motion was
tabled.
The revised Benard plans were expected
to arrive from Paris, and were to be sub
mitted to the repents for final adoption,
but they were delayed en route from Chi
cago. Regent Reinstein announced that
they would probably arrive to-night. It
was decided to Hold a special meeting Fri
day at 2 p. m. for the inspection of the
plans.
President Wheeler made a report, and
upon his recommendation votes of
thanks were given as follows: To the
Hon. D. O. Mills for his offer to defray the
expenses, to the amount of J24.WU, of a two
years' astronomical expedition from the
Lick Observatory to an observing station
south of the equator, for the study of the
movement of etars in the line of sight;
to Mrs. Jane K. Sather for her gift of $10.
(00 outright for the establishment of the
Jane K. Sather library fund; to William
R. Heaxst for Mb gift of a collection of
Greek and Kgyptian antiquities; to the In
dependent Klectrlc Light and Power Com
pany for its gift of a WestinRhouse in
duction motor, to be used in tne depart
ment of mechanics.
tTpon the president's recommendation,
the resignations of G. W. Beattie as
reader In chemistry, and W. D. Craig as
assistant in chemistry were accepted. Y.
W. Monroe was appointed to the first po
sition and J. S. Montague to the second.
The resignation of Miss Marian Adams as
teacher of history in the Wilmerding
school was accepted, and Miss Julia M.
Edwards was appointed to. the position.
John McHenry was employed as Instruc
tor in mechanical drawing in the Wllmer
ding school, to give his entire time instead
of half of it, as In the past.
Revised Benard Plans Fail to Arrive
on Time and a Special Meet
ing Will Be Held
Friday.
Th^ Regents of the University of Cali
fornia met at Mark Hopkins Institute
yesterday. Alden Anderson, Speaker of
the Assembly, was elected to preside In
Board of Regents Formally
Approves Choice of
Committee.
PROF. CAMPBELL
IS THE DIRECTOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1900.
MISS GASHWILER AND SE
NOR ROBLEDO, WHO WILL
WED IN JANUARY.
5
ADVEBTISEMEirrs.
Good
Thirvgs
ot\
Every
Ha^rvd ! j
¥% Cocke
X/^ tastes better •when
1 with White
©j^pCottolene. Its
y^jjr neutral quality in-
y f^ l ~*~'^ sures best results.
y / Try White Cottoleae in place
y / of butter (using one -third
/ less) and see how pleased
y you ¦will be.
Fried
CKicken xJ
Is delidous when
White Cottolene is -r* tTfLtft
tie frying medimn.
The delicate flavor nS^^x^
of the meat is brought
out to the fullest extent-
gjpfc. The most delicate
jS^V stomach will relish it \
j Croquettes
P%fr\ are daintiest
Mgvss&^W"-^. productions ofpru-
ent housewives.
j^JFJFp^ They make the
/\^^ surplus items that
//^ would otherwise be
/ / turned into hash a delect-
/ able delicacy— provided they
/are not spoiled in frying.
** \"i*h;te Cottolene adds a
whcle»oine savor. fc^H
Fried W
Potatoes
*re always staple .^
and might a3 •well
be appetizing and
tasty as not. All
that is necessary to have a \ >v I
dish acceptable to all kinds \ N
of 6tornachs is to use White \ I
Cottolene. \J
WHITE
COTTOLENE
is the ideal coo ting: fat. It is superior to
butter and lard not oa'.r because of its vege-
table oil bciag more readily assimilated by
the stosiach, but particularly as ft adds a rest
to the eppetite. It is peculiarly adapted to
bringing out the delicate Savors of all articles.
It is a boon to fill who lore good things to eat
and cannot assimilate anything but vegetable
fats. It furnishes at least one instance -where
the most healthful way of preparing food is
at the same time the most appetising. Prom-
inent cooks, chefs and physicians every-
where use it in preference to try other short-
er: in g or frying dedisfii
t£',' ~^5 The N.K.Falrbank Company,
/ I jf-rww* J i CfcicAg-o— Sole Manufacturer*.
5K.V rf/ia B&11 ' 1(1 f «* to n.r.y addrcpj. For
liaySaSffr one 2c rtajnp we will wnd free onr
UBSSa ESLJ II s »*clpo bock. "Horn*
Help6.- r e<at«: hr Mrs. Borer.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. B. I1ERZBACH. lawyer.
ECS Oaliforr.la st.. Clunie btiliaimr.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
I f Vt\] H C n m Battery Street.
J-W- nlLOUil (X VU-t Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
T W CMITH Eh 'P Plumbing. Stea.mboat and
V- n- lli Eblp Work & epeclalty. If and
It Washington et. Telephone Main Mil.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WA£S,
Electrical Engineer. Sf East at.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA^ RflVF^ * rn Shlppin* Butchers. IM
JA3- DUItia Wu- Clay. Tel. Main 1234.
GALVANIZING AND METALS.
M*fr. & Dealer In MetaJn & Galvanizing. JOHN
FTN-N METAL. WORKS, 115 Howard »C
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELLIS.
41S Front ct.. B. F. Phone Main 171t.
PAINTS.
CMlnCer & Lubricating O'.ls. Schneider's Mlnlnr
Canfiles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. » Front. 8. F.
" ~^ PRINTINO.
F r HI'firlF^ PRINTER.
t- V* DLUIiLJ. El! Eaneome st.. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUUD CO..
23 First St.. San FrandJoo.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
fe] ;g?£ hte PARTRIDGE "SSSf 111 *
WHIM iSH STEAM COAL. Sg^S
DIAilOVD COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
BIVEB COLLIERIKS. Is the Best Coal In th«
t^.srket. Office and Tarts— 450 Main street.
ffe CHICHESTER'8 CNCUCH
B /r~*. Original •¦« Only Geaaine.
*1»M««»1»»W«. I.«dlr». MiDrarritt
*£lt &!i^ «<« CHKSBEsTEU'B KNGLIsn
u Ci>'- -»S-«i in V.V.I* «d4 Gold n.«»'.:v boiw. tn\*»
«U^_ s cM «W. r: a" ribbon. TmLc to otfarr. Befaca
-W *>* "f*.-2 I>a«Ccn»« c«ib«rttnt!»n« aa4 Italic
I • I — (f ttont. Be j ef yoar Dnai*t. er teal 4 r. is
1 L. • rjf rtunr* f»r PMrUcatars, Te*tim*alale
1-5. 0 »«4~IIeU«r for L«4!«»," •»«««•••. bjr«.
\r^ *. If turn Mull. l©.«WM»Te.tl»«Bl»l«. P»ld»»
*"^<^"— / •:: tinge'-"*- Ckl«h«»ter <;hrml«al C»,
UatOn ttl» paper. JKaclMa fta«arc. 1'niLA.. fi
Spik^ffi^ INJECTION.
iAPERMANENT CURE
> of the most obetinate cane* of Oonorrho» 1 J
5 e-nd Glert, cnaranteed in from 3 to o | ,
c dajs ; no other treatment reqnired. ( 1
< Sold bj all drngjjl^ta. 1 ]
NEW WESTERN HOTEL",
KEAltNY AKL- WASHINGTON STS.-RK-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARO *
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to fl W cay;
U to « *eek; ff to f20 month. Free batht: hot
«sa cold waur every room; flr« (ratea In ertrj
ween* «4*vator rnm £.11 nljrtit* . ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
N0CURE!
NO PAY!
/<^^ The man ¦who studies
f*- — ~^jJj*cS*"— ="-—-> out the reason for his
x **^^F" ¦ry m *'j weakness will never
-''7^f2 1 <? swallow a drug to cure
.'.v'v JStir^ '*•• l >ecau ** "c knows it
~\ yCizJi'/: ??Y - wilt not cure. He
' fa^w.£.-S£j* l • knows that he lacks
to-anvwrt' vital Dower, the vigor
of hl« nerves and organs, and h* knows that
liia vital power is electricity. That is the only
remedy for him. It will cure him: it will Rive
hark tho vim. the ambition, confidence; put
vlKor in his body and courage In his heart.
I know this. I know that my electric belt
¦will restore any weak, debilitated man or
woman to vigorous health, and sell my ap-
pliance on the plan of
PAY WHEN CURED.
That fhows my confidence. I take aJI the
chance? — you none. 1 only ask you to give me
reasonable tiecurily for my pay when I cure
you. Any honest man will Klve me that.
FREE IJOOK-I want you to call. If you
can. so that I may show you snmethina; about
electricity and Its wonders, which will con-
vince - you. If not, write for my beautiful
book: all about It, and I will tell you how to
be cured.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Moet &
Ckandon
The Largest and Oldest Champagne House In
. the World.
White Sea! (Grande Cuvee), of ex-
ceptional bouquet and dry dryness.
— C'lur' f-ni'Kal.
WILLIAM* WOLFF & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents. 323 Mirket St.. B.T.
>03|k^ pyi//VL£SS
/^ruf^^^^^jitt^m^ EXT /? ACTION
Pi*'""'" mx GEART STREET
Between Hyde and TdrkJrw
TelephoneJPplk USi. \~y
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
lESXk*, f iff EMPORIUM &¦££ i
ti m *' caufor-nu's lASOEST-A-nERiCA's ORANOEST stok* ing Until Christinas. "2
I Only Eleven More I
I fivy ing Days Left I
|To do your Christmas shopping in. Don't wait until-;
\ next week — make your selections now, while stocksj
g are complete and while you can do your trading*
| leisurely. The big store is open every evening now, andS
»C a brilliant sigh: it is in its Holiday dress, brightly :5
jf illuminated by thousands of flashing electric lights. >j
a — / *5
|Holiday Furniture WJIijgjM I
| Specials. ¦r^^^^S I
S* Here are half a dozen pieces of handsome, )J?\T| \i i ' ** '• 5
JC well-made furniture that arc eminently suit- r\I5lj)] 1? If r* 'J
gable for Holiday gifts, which will be sold at *
»^the very special prices quoted to-day X^^F^^^'SiSf^. 3*
J (Wednesday) only— J^^^^^SiSff S
J Docker — Selected oak, antique or golden fin- i?5^25p§n(^/ -J
ii ish, upholstered seats either in leather or f JP/ \l n\ -"•
J silk damask, style precisely as shown in %-^^^^' /^ w/ / \
K picture; regularly $5.00 — spe- tf«^ <%n '^^^ /j/ &
£ cial to-day only CpO»uD
Chair — Mahogany finished frame, Combination Chiffonier and Shaving Stand '%
g with pretty scrollCback, scat3 upholstered in a iMadc of selected quartered oak, golden finish, £
ti variety of pretty shades of tilk damask and highly polished, a beauty well worth $3o J€
tapcstr'cs; regularly 55- 50 — spe- C*5 CA special to-day only CfV
cial to day only *pD*D\J '....'.
IPedtstal-Golden oak or mahogany finish, top 0 " ,
I 14 inche, in diameter, rope Sumn, heav^ jubhed «d polled, book ea« h« b««j
* base, nicelv hand policed; CjAoC g^ door, five adjusuble she.ve,, d«k part,,
% wcrthJ6. 5 o-s P ecialt^day. $4.25 f" « n '^^ Pgeon - arrangement,
:'-'•}:¦¦- & TK drawers, large French phte mirror; ••
tf Ladies' Writing Desk — Mahogany finished, fc*3 regularly $32.50 — special tf^F. OC'5
V French beveled plate mirror on top, all to-day only .^J/Lri* — 3 X
g r.ccetsary conveniences, an exceUent value at A j,^ assortment of Children's High Chlirs'2
ti fi 2— special to-day tf Q J C and Rockers and full lines of Misses' Chairs^
£ kPUtfcifcJ a t lowest department store prices. •*
| Dress Goods ; Ladies' Ribbed \
I for Holiday Gifts. BacK Rubbers. I
Francrsco's largest assortment of styles from B<li!ey'* V
£ which to make selection, including all of the b«\. Patznt V
Si newest striped and figured camel** hair ef- /W>7/^^K^/Sv Ribbed- ."•
*L fects; complete suit patterns put up in neat ////// Back *2
J» boxes for gift purposes. iU III V^**"' "\ Rubb«rS, «
1i $5.00, $7-50, $10.00 up to $25.00 y|[ r J for la-S
•CSi!k and Wool Plaids for children's diesses — llll| .^^'^ die3,p^--2
jf Bright, p-etty patterns; also the heavier WE^p—jj l^ *" — r-*"^ feet nt-"i|
•> weight plaids for children's coats — per yard ting the,?!
£, 75c to $2.00 ribbed or corrugated back of which prevent! *
j,* J^j 3j ~ the skirt from getting wet in rainy weather; \g
ik B*VtT*^ 1 th-y do not break in the heel as an ordinary ,*C
g 1-aii a n j tsr d0=8) and their |h3pc
ti jr| pllf* entirely worn cut; the best rubber malc',j
tf 111 1 ill VUpCj* for comfort and durability — per pair i^C^!**
J? ,-i*«5 To-day "2
ti /^3®&S» (Wednesday) f\ • ± 1 T\ %
i? $mRte orJy wc wW Oriental Bazaar *
tt \s£r &%£*}!•? our extra choice riAITlin'V llT^T\l/^\7 '"
j: Balt5c Se »i iioiiuay Display, j
ti M^? J&^ Cape, with Be sure and go through the Chinese andjl
Jk| River Mink top Japanese Bazaar, .%
** Mii&ii «i * irViWkWok tails, which you come in to do J^^^i^5^?> '2
Si \$$/£*?>?^>!^i these extraor- day shows of the "^^*^^ "^
J^ dinarily low big store. ThcusancSs of articles' suitable for,"*
V A" 1 '^ ' '' 'VTj prices: holiday gifts. From this department particular- <W
K , . ;„,!,«: l^^^ C7 li J y» y° u can $dect P resent3 tha t will mterc3t and 1
i \i ?:£ ti::::::::::!!:!' *™ =-»- «?• ¦ |
g inches lon g $9 .»5 KS 1
A -- T — ZT ~ Chinaware Ebony Furniture t
» I U 911* /fa me Handkerchiefs Chinese Jewelry M
X Carpal Dill PCllllS. Silk Gowns Sandalwood Goods jf
¦f.-^ ¦^ t , ,^. ,, . Porcelains Lacquered Ware *
ttAn Eastern manufacturer closed out to us at ivories Embroidered Screens X
*£ a big discount from regular prices the bal- Carved Goods. Silk Jackets, etc. °*
5 ance of his fail patterns, consisting cf 200 Fine Lacquered Handkerchief Boxes — three in«?
K rolls cf fine Carpet, which we offer for ** — the largest 1 2x8 inches — for complete;'
•£ this week at these very low prices: set.. 60c /V
j£ 50c Ingrains, on account of lucky purchase, per ne P crccl; " n D»— *
?. yard 35e ,AM^^^^%. ser: Plates, blue «!j
2= 60c Tapestry Carpet, on account of lucky pur- ¦fe5?$j5^3»**V!r33&*^ and white Oriental "5
V chasr, per yard. 45c 'fr-f$ ($&¦£ *\t- Pi**; designs — each . . . \g
JI75C Tapestry Carp*, on account of lucky pur- Efti \@mkg)^*S 10c^l
£ chase, per yard 60c )**%, Japa n e .< e Cilen-"5
3? $1.35 grade Body Brussels, on account of lucky ars for f 9 O1 — '5
*C r urchase » r cr >' arrl 51.00 >Jv^uS^^^^^ a T ? c arsortment^l
J«|i. 10 grad: of Axminsters, on account cf lucky just received., 15c'
H purchase, per yard ©0c 20c,25c and 45 °$
*" C X
OCEAN TRAVEL. '_
TOYO KISEN KAISflT
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
S3. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, December 23. 19C0
SS. HONGKONG MARC
Thursday. January 24, 1901
S3. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 13. 19nt
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA R. R. E5?
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. ST. PAUL sails December 18,
S. S- ROANOKE sails January 8,
From wharf, foot of Fremont *t. at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market «t.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
oceanic b.s .to. swa
ES. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. December 13, 9 p. m.
SS. ZBALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. December M. 2 d. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. January «. 4 p. m.
I D. SPRECKELS & BUDS. CO., Bistnl Hceots, 327 Vsrht St
Een'l PaattBif Otfia. 843 Mirkat St., Par So. 7, Pate It
C0MPAGMS GESESALE TRA»3ATL1STI(JUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Satltnsr even' Thursday. Instead of <?J?JB&
Saturday, from November 2. 1*99. at tfVi^M
10 s. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. First-class to Havre. *3o and
upward. Second-class to Havre, $42 SO and up-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson*
building). New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO..
Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue.
San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
1m. yalleST
Steamer "Montlcella.**
MON . Tuea.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a*m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:20 a. m. ; S
p m Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Teleshone Main 1503.
FARE , 109
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
h_^ wharf, San Francisco:
fBU. For Alaskan l"orts— 11 a. m..
Sg2^WgW r>»c. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1.
K»**S»^»^ ("hanse tr> oompany's steamers
Bk^SBS Nal cr Victoria, Vancouver (B.
EJKHb>«<r^nl c -)- r>nrt TownsenJ, Seattle.
: *^Kj**r»i Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
"' ¦ an( j xew "Whatcom (Wash.) —
"** 11 a. m., Dec. 12. 17, 22, 27,
Jan. 1 and every flfth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to
X. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m., Dec.
14. 19. 24, 29, Jan. 3, and every flfth day there-
after.
Fcr San Diejro, stopplnc only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Anseles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a.m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo*. Gaviota,
Fanta Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
Kast San Pedro (Los Angreles) and Newport —
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San Jo*« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m. 7th each month.
For further information * obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
Fteamera, tailing dates and hours of railing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— t Xew Montgomery
street (Pnlace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market et., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & ft. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street TVharf at 11 a. m.
rint £l2Flrst Class Including 'Berth
TnliL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Salld Dec. 14. 24, Jan. 3
GEO. W. ELDER Sails ....Dec. 19. 29
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
AMERICAN LINE.
TtTW TOBK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSDOS. TkSXX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
,From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Dec. 12[N*ew York Jan 2
Southwark Dec. 151 Kensington Jan. 9
St. Louis Dec. 26lNoordland .1 Jan. 18
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland Dec 12 Westernland ...Jan. 2
Southwark ......Dec. 19 Kensington Jan. 9
Westernland ...Dec. 26 Noordland Jan. 18
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St., Or any of Us agents.
j We II, well, well % 11
\m\ 1_ • -a • • 1^1
/¦/ xjolijt \s il
ISX! Think of selling 19 pianos in two days! That's the rec- l|s
I mil " And to-day is the third d.iy. Wonder how many go out l|§
I OT| One gentleman called yesterday and bousht a piano for 1^5 :
I his wife for Xmas. \M
He don't want it delivered until Christmas eve. IE
j ml Another eentleman and his wife wanted to know if we ra
J would let him pay by monthly installments. lw
l^j Of course we arranged that— Rlad to do it. < K
aj Then we received two letters from the country. j§
j ml About 4 o'clock a very interestinf? old gentleman IE
1 I I dropped in. He expects to get one for his granddaughter. \m
1 il ¦:. Is undecided which piano to choose. |g
I 1 1 And so the selling goes on— the leader of the sale sells at |J3
\ll • JRi'F^'P^-OO' Si
VVs. uu each' /M
l^JPClJ eacn /&/
/$/ Yes, we're op^n evenings.
l( Benj.Curtaz@SoA/J|
pl6 to 2O cnfaxxeXl JX<^k W:
¦'¦-.- ¦ . . .r t v ... - m^^ m^^^mmma^^^^GOD OF MARRIAGE— M.;E. F.,Gosh
en Cal. According. to ancient mythology
Hymen Is the, god of marriage. The god
Hymen Is first "mentioned l>y Sappno.
The legends concerning ; him l are numer
ous and various, but it Is. generally said
that 'he was- the- son .of Apollo and ; some
one of the muses, though often his par-
LEN HARRIS— S., Suisun, Cal. -Len
Harris, the detective, was shot and killed
by A. Azoff at Boulder Creek. The shoot
ing occurred May. 15, 1SS4. Harris was re
moved to'Alameda. where he died the fol
lowing, day. Azoff was. captured May '20
and was executed In June, 1835.
PATTERNS— W. R. A., City. This de
partment cannot advertise firms that sell
•'the best books that treat on wood pat
terns for iron , castings." .You should
have sent a stamped and self-addressed
envelope. '
THE NAVAL ACADEMY— L. M., San
Jose. For a circularof Information relative
to the naval academy at Annapolis com
municate with the Congressman of the
district In which you live. > ' ¦
LAYSAN ISLAND— W. V., City. Lay
snn Island la an Isolated one In the North
Pacific Ocean, west of the Hawaiian Isl
ands, in about 2S deg. north latitude and
16i* : deg. west longitude. ¦ ." .
GOVERNOR FOR THREE YEARS— G.
M. Y., City. New Jersey is the only
State that elects its Governor for three
years.
I A CENT OF lS27-Call Reader. City. A
cent. United States coinage of 1827, does
not command a premium from dealers.
CALIFORNIA— N. S., City. Th© ety
mology of the name California is uncer
tain. Some writers have pretended that
it was derived from two Latin words,
calida-fornax, or, in the Spanish lan
guage, caliente fornalla— a hot furnace.
Michael Venagas, a Mexican Jesuit, in
"Natural and Civh History of Califor
nia," published in 1758. expresses a doubt
as to the correctness of this. In his opin
ion, the .early Spanish discoverers did not
name their new found land In this pedan
tic fashion. He wrote: "I am of the opin
ion that this name owed Its origin to some
accident; possibly to- some 'words spoken
by the Indians and misunderstood by the
Spaniards.' California was a-name given
by Cortez to the peninsula of Lower Cali
fornia, which he discovered in 1535 H«
took the name from an old Spanish ro
mance in which there Is an imaglnarv isl
and. called California, abounding in great
treasures of gold The root of the word
a ruler Spanish calif a. meaning
MODJESKA AMD BERXHARDT—Sub
scriber, City. Helena Modjeska was born
In Cracow. Poland. October 17, 1S44. At
thu age of 17 she joined a company of
strolling players. Sarah Bernhardt was
born in Paris. France, October 22, 1S44.
She made her debut at the Theatre
Francals In 1S62.
entage is referred to Bacchus and Venus.
He is represented as a boy with wings
and a garland, a bigger and graver Cupid,
with a bridal torch and veil In his hands.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
This pretty dres3 is of beaver-colored
embossed panne. The yoke of the corsage
is of guipure embroidered with sky blue
chenille, skirt In flat pleats, edged with
guipure, widening over design of guipure.
This pretty dress is princess shape. Bo
lero outlines are formed by a line of sable.
The corsage and the skirt are bordered
with guipure, spotted with gold and out
lined with fur.
CAPUCHIN VELVET DRESS.
BEAVER COLORED DRESS.
All that is to be asked is that the Department of
Agriculture be enabled to furnish each State with
four good models of highway, and surely that is not
asking too much. In the meantime the efforts of the
reformers will be continued to arousa the States and
the counties to go foiward in the work. . There ar<^
now many forces promoting the campaign of educa
tion on the subject, and it is fairly certain good re
sults will be obtained. California should be among the
foremost States of the Union fn the work of improve
ment, and the coming Legislature should provide
suitable legislation to promote it.
It will be perceived it is not the intention of tho
promoters of the movement to shift the burden and
the responsibility of constructing good roads from the
States and counties., to the Federal Government.
Such a plan is not feasible, and even if it were it
would not be desirable, for there could be no surer
way of postponing the establishment of good roads
than to make them dependent upon Federal aid. Un
der such a system States and counties would wait for
Federal aid, and very little would be done...
The plan now under consideration is to have the.
Federal Government construct one mile of model i
highway in each State. The mile is not to be con
tinuous, but is to be divided into four quarters, lo
cated in different parts of the State, the object of such
division being to show how roads should be con
structed under the different conditions of the various
localities, and thus make the object lessons more
widely useful than they would be otherwise.
GOVERNMENTAL ROAD WORK
1 \EPORTS irom Washington announce that the
Y — S promoters of the movement for improved high
ways throughout the United States have ar
ranged to urge upon Congress the advisability of
making this year to the Department of Agriculture
an appropriation of $150,000, to be used for the pur
pose of constructing model highways in various parts
of the country' for the double purpose of stimulating
road improvement and teaching how such improve
ments can be effected.
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
The United States will build the canal and share
with France the glory she gained in cutting the isth
mus of Suez.
We beg to assure the Paris newspaper and the
French people that Mr. Hay's fellow citizens note no
such preference in him, and have nothing of the kind
to pardon or overlook. He is recognized here as a
sturdy American and an able diplomatist, who has
withstood all the Cabinets of Europe in the Chinese
matter and forced them to the American plan of set
tlement of that horrid situation. We rather incline
to the view that the Figaro's iil humor is due to the
passing of the last chance for the Panama ditch and
the prospect that the isthmian canal will follow the
Nicaragua route. France had the opportunity to dig
the canal, and an honorable administration of that
great work would have completed it long ago. We
cc not gird at that nation for its failure. The money
squandered would have finished the canal if honestly
applied. That it was not so applied France herself has
furnished the evidence. Ill-natured references to the
subject will onh' serve to recall the painful incidents
that clouded the close of the great career of Count At
Lesseps and tarnished the entire official character cf
France.
The Figaro's appe-il to American prejudice U
amusing rather than otherwise. It says: "The
American Secretary of Foreign Affairs (Mr. Hay) al
ready has need of much tact to make his fellow citi
zens pardon his taste for English society and for the
English Cabinet."
In this situation, if difficulty can be stirred up be
tween this country and England and delay caused
thereby, there might be a desperate chance for the
Panama route, which is free from all complications
arising in the Clayton- Buhver treaty.
France has no good feeling toward England just
now, and, on the general subject of an isthmian caiial,
has hoped that the United States would adopt the
Panama route and take that partly dug ditch off th;
hands of the French company.
AMERICANS will pay but little attention to the
comments of the Paris Figaro and other
French papers on the proceedings of the
American Senate on the Hay-Pauncefote canal treaty.
FRANCE AND THE CANAL.
SUGGESTION FOR UNION
OF MILK-WAGON DRIVERS
EDITOR OF THE CALL*— WH1 you kindly permit me, through the columns of
The Call, to bring the followjnsf matter to the attention of your readers — •specially
those who may be Interested In my suggestion— to propose a movement to form an
organization of ml Ik- wagon drivers of ths city, which would give fraternal and social
advantages and privileges resulting in much good and great benefit to each and every
member.
The object of such an organization as I suggest should be to regulate wages,
shorten the hours of labor, wherever necessary, establish an employment bureau, pro
vide for the Eick and needy— in short, to advance ar.d promote the welfare of each
number to mutual benefit and advantage.
The Initiation fee and monthly dues could be mad; so low that no obstacle be placed
In the way of all those desirous of Joining, thereby adding to strength and perma
nency.
Few there are. If any, who have not at one time or another felt the need of
organization. Long continued hours of labor with little rest make this occupation
one of the hardest, and th«re are few who can withstand it for any great length
of time. In some instances the wages paid are nothing considering the time em
ployed.
If permission is kindly granted to use the columns of this paper to enable a few
of those Interested in this movement to be heard from on this subject and offer
such additional suggestions as may be proper here, we can get together and issue a
call for a meeting at an early date In order to dlscurs ways and means by which
it would lead to a permanent organization. Until others have been heard; from in
repard to this matter I shall defer further mention rntil later; but should be pleased.
If gjven support, at the proper time to t£ke tho Initiative and see the thing
through successfully.
1 am a milk-wagon driver with eight years' experience in the city. '
San Francisco, December 10, 1?CO. P. W. CAMERON.
David Starr Jordan is at the Ocddanttl
X>r. C. P. Thomas of Spokane Is at tho
Palace.
F. Rosenthal, a Tulare merchant. Is at
th© Grand.
V. S. SXcClatchy of the Sacramento Bee
Is at the California.
State Controller E. P. Colgan of. Sacra
mento Is at the Lick.
D. B. Oliver, an extensive Sonora min
ing man. is at the Uck.
Lyman Green, a prominent Petaluma
merchant. Is staying at the Grand.
Dr. W. B. LJnscott of Santa Cruz regis
tered at the California last evening.
H. B. Hickey, an Albion mining and
lumber man, is stopping at the Lick.
John White. Deputy Sheriff of Fresno,
is among the late arrivals at the Uck.
R. II. Bunch, a prominent "Washington
mining man, is registered at the Russ.
C. E. Whlttaker. superintendent of
schools at Robinson Ferry. Is at the Russ.
Alden Anderson ot Sulsun Is registered
I at the Grand.
I Dr. J. C. Taylor of the United States
i navy registered at the> Occidental hotel
last evening.
, Captain T. E. Star.fleld and wifo of As
' toria. Or., are stopping at the Occidental
for a few days.
J. F. Dunne, a San Felipe rancher, ac
companied by his wife, arrived at tha
Palace last evening.
D. Joseph Craig and wife of Highland
j Springs are at tho Grand. . Mr. Craig Is
i a banker and hotel proprietor.
J. F. Thompson, editor of tho Dally
Standard at Eureka and president of th«
California Presa Association, Is In town.
Colonel "W. A. Thompson and wife of
the Boston Opera Company have taken
apartments at the Palace for a few days.
Frank Tade of Sacramento, brother of
J. E. Tade, cashier of The Call, passed a
highly creditable examination before the
Supreme Court yesterday and was admit
ted to practice law.
Miss May Telfer and George W. Ca\-a
naugh were married at the California Ho
tel yesterday afternoon. Tho wedding ins
a very qufet affair. Only a few relatives
were present.
Governor Gage arrived in San Francisco
yesterday forenoon and left the city last
evening for Sacramento. He was accom
panied by W. H. Davis, executive secre
tary.. .**'*
State Senator John F. Davis of Jack
son is In the city. The district which h«
ably represents In the Senate embraces
the counties of Amador, Calaveras, Alpine
and Mono and contains an area of 492J
square miles.
PERSONAL MENTION.
y^ ARTOONISTS of European papers vary In their conceptions of Uncle
fl^ Sam in a manner reminiscent of the blind men who felt of the ele
(l . phant and based their opinions of the brute's appearance according
to the feeling of the particular part of the elephant's body_of which
each laid hold.
It Is only since the commencement of the Chinese Imbroglio that the for
eign cartoonists have had an opportunity of giving Uncle Sam a part in
their humorous or satirical conceptions of the situation that confronts the na
tions that have marched troops Into China, The old gentleman's habit of
minding his own business and not mixing in the quarrels of other nations is
largely responsible for the proneness of the continental caricaturists to ignoro
the homely figure which custom has created to be emblematic of the great
Yankee nation.
• -Just now It is different.. Many of the cartoonists on the other side of the
water are trying an apprentice hand at delineating Uncle Sam. All of the
caricaturists possess features in common, and yet they differ widely. Col
lectively they spring palpably from one parent stem— the good, old-fa^hloned
Uncle Sam that was born yoars ngo from the pencil of native cartoonists and
has flourished perennially ever since. 3pangled breeches, stove-pipe hat, chin
whiskers, cowhide boots and all.
Each foreign picture maker, however, allows his own personality to have
sway In nddlngr to or taking from the caricature. These changes are plainly
colored by local habit. A. look n.t the half-dozen examples of Uncle Sam
as seen by alien eyes, reproduced from leading foreign papers, proves that.
To the notions of the German Klatteradatsch artist. Uncle Sam is a German.
Russian characteristics are visible in the offering of the St. Petersburg Stre
kosa artist. On the pages of the Italian Papapallo. ho is an Italian: -while
the man who does cartoons for Le Charivari of Paris has Infused a jaunty,
Frenchy air into his countenance and attire.
The feasibility of the enterprise being proven, and
its importance being universally recognized, it is to be
hoped Congress will no longer hesitate in providing
for it. It is to be regretted the British will have the
honor of taking the lead in crossing the Pacific with
a cable, but we can be a close successor and ought
not to delay in the work.
The surveys of which the President speaks, and
which, as he says, "have shown the entire feasibility
of a chain of cables which at each stopping-place,
shall touch on American soil," have brought to light
irany interesting facts concerning the ocean bed be
tween Hawaii and the Philippines. According to the
report of Rear Admiral Bradford, there is an almost
level plain of soft mud, of a nearly uniform depth of
2700 fathoms, extending from Honolulu to the Mid
way Islands, and another about 500 fathoms deeper
between the latter and Guam, broken by submarine
reefs and mountain ranges. From a scientific stand
point one of the most interesting discoveries made
was that of a submarine mountain range about 500
knots from Guam, which apparently connects with
the one which extends from the coast of Japan to the
Bonin Islands. To the north of this range, according
to the report, the bed of the ocean slopes gradually to
the eastward into the great Japanese Deep, which for
years held the record for ocean depths.
Such a cable will be costly and will not yield the
commercial profits that would have been gained by
touching at Hawaii, Samoa and New Caledonia. The
fact that the British have sacrificed those commer
cial opportunities for the sake of having complete con
trol of the line shows how much they value such con
trol. To the United States exclusive control of a cable
is a matter of as much importance as to the British,
and, accordingly, the construction of the British line
may well be included r.mong the circumstances which
emphasize the need of one to our Government.
According to the reports the British enterprise is
to cost about $8,975,000. It is to start from Van
couver and will touch no land except that controlled
by the empire. Consequently, instead of making a
landing station at Hawaii, the cable will go direct to
Fanning Island, making by far the greatest span
known to ocean cables. From that point it will pas^
by Samoa to Fiji, and from there be carried to the
Australian coast, thus leaving New Caledonia out of
the connection.
Although the President did not say so, it is prob
able that among the circumstances which to his mind
emphasize the need of the cable is the fact that the
British are about to lay one across the Pacific which
will be completely under their control. It has been
announced from London that the imperial Govern
ment and the Governments of the various colonie3
concerned have accepted the'offer of a British com
pany to lay such a cable, and the work will be under-
pNRESIDENT McKINLEY in recommending to
V — y Congress the prompt construction of a Pacific
cable line recalled the fact that he had made a
similar recommendation in a special message of Feb
ruary 10, 1899, and added: "Since then circum
stances have strikingly emphasized this need. Sur
veys have shown the entire feasibility of a chain ot
cables which at each stopping-place shall touch on
American territory, so that" the system shall be under
our own complete control."
PACIFIC CABLE PLANS.
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 12, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AiTcTrr.munications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
?ia\a<;ers office TeIe ?!t^Li^Sil-B^
ITX1LICATIO.N OFFrCE...Mark»t mod Third. S. K.
Telephone Prcvi 2O1.
EDITORIAL, BOOMS 217 to 221 SteTenson St.
Telephone Presa SO2.
Dellrrrtd by Carriers. 15 Ctnim Per Week.
Stable Copt?*. S Cent".
Terms l>y .Mail. Including: Postages
DAILY CALL (ir.cludinc Sunday), cce year M«5
CA1LT CALL (including Funday). • months ¦-<><» ¦
DAILY CALL (Irc'.udlnr Sunday), » monthe !••»'
DA1LT CALL-By Sln*!e Month C5c
6VXDAY CALL. On* Tear J -"
WEEKLY CALL. One Year - 1 - M
All poatmaate.ru are Authorized to receive
¦ Dbacrfpflon*.
6arople copies will be forwarded when requested.
JklsJI »ct«ernjer« fn erd»rine charsgre of address ehouM 1-*
fmxaeaOMX to tfre both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to lesure a prompt and correct compllanca with thel .' request
CAKXAXD OFFICE 1*13 Broaiwar
C. GEORGE KltOGSESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquetie Building. Chicago.
<Locc Pittance Telephone "Central 2C19-")
XEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
KEW YORK REPRESENT ATTFE:
fTEPBEX B. SMITH ........ -SO Tribuae Bulldlnff
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Walfiorf-Artorla Hotel; A. Brentano, & Union Sau*«:
Uurray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Shern-.an House: P. O. Newt Ca; Great Xorthwa Hotel;
Fremcrt Ucuce; Auditorium Hotel.
¦WASHINGTON (D. C> OFFICE 14OC G St.. X. W.
BIOrtTO' K. CBASBt Correspondent.
BRA SCI! OFFICES— £T? Ti'ostsomery. corner cf Clar. optn
until t:f> o'clock. SOO Hayee, open until 9:89 o'clock. 6«
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. US Larkln. open until
k.JO o'clock. 1»41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. J2SI Market,
ccraer Sixteenth, cpea until 9 o'clock. 1CS6 Valencia, open
ur.t!l ! o" clock. 1C€ Eleventh, open until S o'clock, NW. cor
ner Twerty-Fecc-.d and Kentuekjr. op»n until 9 o'clock.
YOUR UNCLE SAM IN
FOREIGN CARICATURE
Tipplers Not "Wanted.
The railroad, the factory, the mine, co
operating with the press and the pulpit,
are potential agencies in repressing In
temperance, for they are compelling
young men to understand that in tna
great scheme of modern business there 13
no place for the tippler.-WASHINGTON
POST.
Coming Expositions.
One of the distinguishing features of the
infancy of the twentieth century will re
the number of its fairs, or exposition^
both national and international. Durlns
the next four years there will be held at
least eight of them in this country, and
other countries will not be far behind.
Arrangements are making for them in va
rious portions of Kurope. and two yean?
hence Japan will ent^r Into competition
alor.jr this line. and. -with her wMI-known
ingenuity and versatility, her eftorts will
undoubtedly produce results of great in
terest.
Genius and Talent.
Genius is in a class by itself. It pivea
out because it can't help it ami reeks not
what becomes of the outpourings. It
sinps as a bird and writes as a Sibyl, and
the winds or men. as the cose may be.
prather up the "disjecta membra. But
talent needs encouragement and apprecia
tion needs talent, for geniuses are too
scarce. Thus as two brethren should they
dwell together In unity and the f r f at
class of those who take in without Blvlns
out should not bo put under the curse of
those that know not the law.— DALUAs
Census Bureau Needed.
There is one matter touched on in th«
President's messagre which especially de
serves Congressional attention. This is
the need of retaining permanently lnth«
Government's employ a staff °f traJn<-< ;
census experts. Every ten years the work
of taking the enumeration is hindered urn
embarrassed by the lack of such help. It
was General Wtlker'a opinion that th^
Census Bureau should be made partlaltj.
permanent, and tho expe J le V c % °' „«
present census superintendent ««?;>«"*
such a recommendation. The work of ! pre
parinK for the next census and conduc ;
ng it. together with the rer ' u ,\ re ™5"* s f ''l
the department of labor at all times tor
just such expert labor, would keep the
proposed establishment well empiojed.-
SPRIN'GFIELD REPUBLICAN.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
It will be seen that from the comparatively weak
position we held at the beginning of the century we
have now attained a position from which we can start
the new century as the leader of' the world in com
merce and industry. Nor can it be doubted that the
supremacy we now enjoy will be increased with the
years that are to come.
Australasia, Mexico, Canada and Egypt, and yet a
comparison of the exports of the whole group with
those of the United States .shows that the excess of
exports of the eighteen ' gives a grand total of only
$4*4i845,ooo in the latest year of which the figures
are obtainable, while the excess of the United States
alone in the fiscal year which ended June 31, 1900, was
$544,542,000. W??. -sPi\
CUBA'S CONSTITUTION.
That body has, however, been working diligently
and intelligently in forming a fundamental law for the
new republic. The only serious issue before it has ap
peared in fixing the qualifications for the Presidency.
Three instruments have been presented to the conven
tion, framed respectively by Senors Rivera, Morua
and Quesada. Rivera's plan follows closely the con
stitution of the United States. It creates a govern
ment of three co-ordinate branches, executive, legis
lative and judicial. The and members of
the House of Representatives are to be elected by
popular vote. The present provinces will be called
departments, conforming to our States, and each will
be divided into municipalities, conforming to our
counties. The municipalities Will elect their own local
officers, and at the same time will choose delegates to
the department Legislature. The Senators will be
chosen by this Legislature.
Rivera's constitution provides that the President of
the republic must be a native of Cuba. This is in-
tended to shut out General Gomez, who is a San Do
mingan. His partisans are represented in Morua's
plan, which differs from Rivera's in providing as the
only qualification for President that he served in th
revolution. Information as to this clause in Morua's
plan is defective, inasmuch as we are not informed
whether it provides that the President must be either
a native or an alien who took part in the revolution.
This would provide for the temporary issue made over
Gomez, and thereafter pass the Presidency down the
native line. No information is furnished as to the
length of the Presidential term. Senators are to re
ceive a salary of $1500 per year, and each department
is entitled to four Senators, and one representative for
each 30,^00 people, providing that when the popula
tion exceeds 15,000 it shall be entitled to one represen
tive.
All plans seem to combine in providing for pay
ment of the debt to the army and navy contracted by
the late provisional government. There seems some
doubt about the acceptance of this by the convention.
The situation is analogous to our own Revolutionary
expenses, which had been provided for by the issue
of Continental money, which was never redeemed
after the adoption of our constitution in 1789. In
; deed, we are not aware that any such revolutionary
j debt has ever been paid, though there may be in
1 stances.
The fight of the Gomez party for Morua's plan is
described as "red hot," and if successful the San Do
mingan will probably be the first President. Other-
I wise a native Cuban, probably Rivera or Quesada, will
be chosen.
It seems to be understood that Bishop Sbarretti is
leading the anti-Gomez forces, and it is said that
Gomez has demanded of General Wood the removal
of the Bishop. It is riifticult to see how the military
authorities of the United States can separate a Bi?hop
from his see, but the request exhibits an element of
religious rancor in the Cuban situation. Under the
circumstances the Bishop would better abstain from
politics and leave the building of a civil government
to laymen. It bodes no good to the future of Cuba
tc mix a religious feud in the foundations of the
government.
All of the plans recognize religious toleration. They
: are at present in the hands of the sections of the
' central committee of the convention for stud}', and it
j ir hoped to have the perfected instrument ready for
1 reference to the present session of our Congress.
This reference becomes necessary under the terms
] and conditions of our declaration of war against
• Spain. It is a novel event in our history that the con
; stitution of another republic is referred to our Gov
. ernment for ratification and indorsement. Under the
I plan it may be left for our Congress to decide upon
: the qualifications of the President of Cuba, and the
'red-hot fight over Gomez may. be transferred from
I Havana to Washington. It would appear at this di->
I tance that the Morua plan of limiting the Presidency
j to a native or a revolutionist will be the safer to
i adopt, considering the future peace of the island.
Gomez is a heroic figure in Cuba, and, if shut out by
the constitution, ill feeling will smolder to an extent
I threatening the peace and prosperity of the people.
It is the rule among men that the conqueror either
i becomes the ruler or establishes a line of rulers.
; Charlemagne was the grandson of Martel, who turned
; the tide of Mahometan conquest at Tours, and Wil
| liam became King of England after the victory at
i Hastings. We made Washington our first President,
I and Napoleon emerged from the revolution of 1793
' as First Consul and Emperor.
lost sight of.
WHILE our own national campaign occupied
public attention the meeting of the Cuban con
stitutional convention and its proceedings were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1900,
A GAY SEASON is promised at Hotel del
Coronado. Coronado. Cal.. jhls winter with a
Jolly houseful. -»n expert foil tournament. m««i
lng- of neld trials club, hunting, flshlnff, boat
inr, dancing, etc.
The reported statement of the president of the
Cured Fruit Association that his organization will
maintain the price of prunes even if it be necessary to
hold the stock on hand until next year sounds well,
but if the plan be carried out, wtiat will be the result
when the association undertakes to sell the two crops
in one season?
In his fight against the Salisbury government Lord
PoEebery is adopting the tactics of the marksman who
•made sure that he would score by firing both barrels
at once. Rosebery has 6avagely attacked every fea
ture of the government
Sir Claude Macdonald, late British Minister at Pe
king, is charged with having been personally engaged
ir. looting. Perhaps the distinguished gentleman
would prefer to say that he simply permitted the for
tunes of war to come his way.
And now Portugal and the Netherlands wa'nt to
fight. They ought to be spanked and put to bed by
their big brothers in the European concert. And
after everything has been said, the little fellows really
do not know what they want to fight about.
In the bitter row now in progress in the College of
Physicians and Surgeons, the learned and dignified
gentlemen who are hurling names at one another hav;
one material advantage over the public. They are
better acQuainted with one another than we are.
The revelations in the local suit in which a prom
inent official, who hes held judicial positions of the
highest honor in the State, is suing a client for a fee,
indicate that the secrecy which is supposed to seal the
lips of the lawyer has no power to keep silent the
layman. ,
COMMERCE OF THE NATIONS.
| — * XPERTS of the Bureau of Statistics of the
Treasury Department have been for some time
! * * .past engaged in preparing a statistical abstract
showing the imports and exports of every country in
| the world having statistical records. The object of
! the abstract is to present in a single volume an ac
| count of the world's commerce, not only of to-day,
| but extending back over a long series of years, with
! details concerning t*ie principal articles of trade,
! country by country, with quantities and values ex
| pressed in our measurements and currency,
i The opening chapter of the work has been com
| pleted and in itself contains a large amount of valu
• able information affording material for interesting-
I comparisons between the commerce of our own coun
; try and that of other nations. The imports for home
j consumption of the United Kingdom, for instance,
J which in the year 1800 amounted to $81,310,000,
! amounted in 1899 to $2,043,896,450, an increase of 2400
; per cent; while in the case of the United States the
; imports for home consumption in 1800 were $52,121,
j 891, and in 1899 $685,441,892, an- increase of 1215 per
; cent. Taking the export side the contrast is much
: more clearly in favor of the United States. The ex*
j ports of articles of home production from the
I United Kingdom in 1800 were $111,107,000, and in
I 1899 $1,287,151,345, an increase of 1059 per cent; in the
i case of the United States the exports of home
; products in 1800 were $31,840,903, and in 1899
j $1,203,931,222, an increase of 3681 per cent.
One of the most interesting features of this opening
chapter is the showing made of the relation of imports
I to exports in the various countries. The records 01
i forty-seven countries other than the United States are
! given in the tables, and from these it appears that
i eighteen countries show an excess of exports over im
j ports and twenty-nine show an excess of imports over
exports. Virtually all European countries; except
Russia, Am 1a and Spair^, show an excess of imports
over export?. In the other leading countries of the
world, with the exception of China and Japan, tjie
exports are in excess of imports.
A comparison of these figures shows in a ttriking
manner the pre-eminence of the United States in the
commercial world. Among the eighteen countrie*
whose exports exceed their imports are such great
populations as those of Russia, India, Austria, Spain,
When looking at Christmas goods don't, overlook
those of California production. The native article is
the proper novelty to send to your friends in theJEast^
It is to be regretted that Kaiser William will not
receive Oom Paul, for now we will never know which
of the two thinks himself the bigger man and tries to
show it in conversation. • . '.-. ' .';.
Bulgaria appears to be " making, gigantic strides
toward that plane of civilization upon which most. of
the nations are operating. One of the leading Bul
garian politicians has been accused of bribery.
A committee of the California Educational Com
mission, which has been in session in this city, is at
tempting to tell our tes.chers how to teach. A lasting
service would be done to the city if the committee
would attempt to teach our Board of Education some
thing other than politics.
6
How does it "set the stomach
at work?" By making strength :
by creating strength : by turn-
ing* the oil into body and life
\Te'H send you a little to try, if yottlHe.
SCOTT & BO WNE, 409 Pearl street, 2i«* Yu;V.
A little of it sets the stomach
at work on some easy food —
that is medicine.
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil is equally food and medi-
cine.
FOOD MEDICINE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Seventeen per cent of tho population of
Michigan is enrolled In the Sunday-
schools. The averagr© for the States and
Territories of the Union is only 18 p^r
cent.
Gulllet'a Ice cream, mocha, camella, plstache,
chocolate cakes. 903 Larkln, phone Cast 13S. *
For All Time to Come.
Ladles and children traveling without escort
appreciate, the advantage of & solid vestibule.1
train Ilk* "Tho Overland Limited." running
throufrh from San FrancJsco to Chicago, with-
out change. IX LKSS THAN THREE DAT3.
Leaving San Francisco dally at 10 a. m.. vl-»
Central Pacific. Union PaciHc and Chicago anj
Northwestern railways.
It Jts the Route To-Day, and Will Be
IT WAS THE KOUTE IN 49!
For the two years ended June 39 las'
there were 16.627 criminal trials in North
Carolina and 10.S43 convictions. The total
was 3000 less than in the preceding two
years.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
i*ress Clipping Bureau (Allen's). alO .alo.-i:-
j fcomery st. Telephone Main 1041 -¦.•
Towniend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building. J
Choice candles. Townsend"s."Palace Ho:e;
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
By B. P. OUver— This day, at 12 o'clock. Real Eetate. at
223 fcutter etreet.
Ey Sulllvaa & I>oyl»— Tt'.« Cay, at 11 a. m., at 327 Sixth
etreet. Horses.
By Wn. G. Lcyr-g— This «ven'.r.g, at T:<5 o'clock. Thor-
oughbred Yearling*, sx 721 Howard etre«t.
AUCTION SALES.
Alcazar— "VaJsmt Bmter2y.~ ;
Columbia. — "The Fortune Teller.**
Tivoli— "A Jolly JCuskftecr."
Aihombra— "A Hot Old Time."
California— "A Bell Bey."
Orj-heum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Man'* Enemey."
Oij-inpla. carr.er iUfcn and Eddy etreets — Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
tvesiag.
Fischer' 6— Vcudeville.
California Jockey Club, Oailand Racetrack — Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.TO ARRIVE,
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in tho order of. occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last
tide' of -the day, except when there are but
three, tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
jri ven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given is subtracted from the
depth given by. the charts. The plane of refer
ence ¦ Is • the mean of the lower -low waters. •
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; tho
height of tide Is the, same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thorlty of tho Superintendent.
Sun, Moon' and Tide.
TO SAIL.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow; stmr Manltcu. from London.
Sailed Dec 11— Stmr Lahn. for Bremen, via
Southampton.
TIENTSIN— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Frankfurt,
from San Francisco, via Mojt.
LONDON— Arrived Dec S— Stmr Mesaba, from
New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Ikbal,
from Philadelphia.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Dec 11— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburg, for New York.
PORTLAND, Me— Sailed Dec 11— Stmr Parsl
lan, for Liverpool.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Staat
endam, from New York, via Boulogne.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— Sailed Dec 10— Br stmr Robert I
Adamson, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived Dec 10— Br stmr Aorangi,
from Vancouver. Prior to Dee 10— Sohr Defl
nnce, from Moodyville.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Dec 8— Stmr Acapulco,
for Panama.
MANILA— Arrived Dec 1— U S stmr Solace,
hence Nov 2.
CALLAO— Arrived prior to D?C 10— Br bark
Stlllwater, from Whatcom. i
Arrived Oct 16— Chll bark Yosemlte. hence
AUS T.
G.UAYMAS— Arrived Nov 24— Ger ship Bruns
hausen. from Mazatlan.
IQU1QCE— Arrived Nov 21— Fr bark Jules
Verne, from Manch«*ster.
PERIM— Passed Dec 9— Br Btmr Knight Er
rant, from Norfolk, for Manila.
GENOA— Sailed Nov 25. and passed Gibraltar
Nov 25 — Ger stmr Totmes, from Hamburg, for
San Francisco.
KOBE— Sailed Nov 2S— Br stmr Oor>ack. for
Manila.
TABLE BAY-Railed Nov 25— Br ship Austra
lia, for Newcastle, Aus, and San Francisco.
NOUMEA— Arrived Dec 11— Schr Kallua, from
Grays Harbcr.
FKEMANTLE— Arrived prior to Dec 11— Br
bark Thistle, from Vancouver.
ventura, for Grays Harbor; echr Lottie Carson,
for Eureka.
Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Navarro. fom Bowens
Lending.
CRESCENT CITT— Sailed Dec 11— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
SAX DIEGO— Arrived Dec 11-Ger stmr Neko.
from Hamburcr. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dee 11— Stmr Noyo,
hence Dec 10.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Dec 11— Schr
Rio Rey. hence Dec 8.
Sailed Dec 11— Schr Nettle Sundborg and stmr
South Coast, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAT— Passed In Dec 11— Nor Btmr Tl-
Unla, from Port Los Angeles, for Nanaimo.
Passed out Dec 11— Ger Bhlp Parchim, from
Port Ludlow. for Hamburg.
BAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec 10— Schr San Buena-
¦ Arrived Deo 11— Stmr Mandalay. hence Dec 9;
schr Abble, hence Nov 27; «chr Mary E Ru«b.
hence Dec 2S.
EUREKA- Arrived Dec 11— Schr Emma Clau
dlna, from Honolulu; stmrs Aberdeen and Santa.
Barbara, hence Dec 10. -
Sailed Dec 11— Stmrs San Pedro. Pomona and
Westport,. for San Francisco; echr Occidental,
for San Pedro. •
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 11— Jap stmr Idzuma
Maru, for Yokohama.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 11— Schr Ludlow, from
San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr O W Elder,
hence Dec 9; 6tmr F*ulton. hence Dec 8; Btmr
South Portland; hence Dec 8: Fr bark CassaJd.
Per echr Sailor Boy— Deo 10. lat 3S N, Ion
123 50 W, passed a boat bottom up, 16 feet long,
bottom painted brown, aides eree-n.
Per sffhr Carrie and Annie, from Nome. Dei
11— On Nov 2 had a very heavy SW gale in
Bering Sea. Lost b?at«, forward house and
everything movable on deck carried away. Also
shitted ballant. split the fore gaff and carried
away the flylne Jib.
Per Ft bark Eugenie Fautrel. from Swanp^a,
Deo 11— Sailed from Swansea Dec 20, 1893. Had
a succession of gales off Cape Horn. Damaged
the rudder and did other damage on deck. Put
Into Buenos Ayres on March 21. DIscharKed
cargo, ¦ had vessel surveyed and made repairs
and Balled on Sept 19, under command of Capt
Mahe. who came from France to relieve Capt
Combino. Came to anchor off Montevideo j on
Sept 23 and sailed anain the enmiy day.
,DOMESTIC PORTS.
CCOS BAY— Arrived Dec 11— Schr Monterey,
hence -Doc 8.
Sailed Dec 11— Stmr. Arcata. for San Fran
cisco. '- J
MEMORANDUM.
Tuesday. December 11.
Stmr Matteawan, Croacup, Tacoma.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr San Bias. Irvine. Nanaimo.
Stmr Bonita. Nopander. San Pedro.
Btmr Newsboy. Ahlntrom, .
Sttrr Alex Duncan, Guthrie, Santa Ctui.
Stmr Iaqua, Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, Fort Bragg.
Bark Alden Bepse. Potter, Honolulu.
Bcbr Newark. Beck, Uonens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Deo 11, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NE. velocity 10 miles.
miscellaneous:
VICTORIA. B C. Dec 11— Arrived. Br stmr
Danube, having a dispatch from lighthouse
keeper at Carmanah, which says he found
wreckage, yellow letter A L 62 about 8 inches
long, great quantity tongue and grooved lum
ber nalnted white, several oars, piect-s of boat
gunwales (white), preat ! many empty cases
and four lifebelts with SS San Pedro.
SAILED.
Tuesday, December 11.
Stmr Queen. Thomas, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Aus stmr Slam, Xigga, St Vincent; Balfour.
Guthrie & Co.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, December 11.
Btmr Columbia, Doran. 67 houra from Port
land, via Astoria 41 hours.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, IS hours from
Hardy Creek.
Stmr Coronado. Johnson, SG hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Lakme, Scha«e>. 29 hours from Eureka;
bound south; put In. to I«nd passengers.
Fr barlt Eugenie Fautrel, Mahe, S56 days from
Swansea, via Buenos Ayre» 82 days and via
Montevideo 78 days.
Bktn Bering, Aulln, 27 days from Petropaul-
Schr Carrie and Annie, Forward, 41 days from
Nome, via Dutch Harbor 18 days.
Schr O M Kellogg, Ivereen, 40 days from Ta-
Sc'hr Sparrow, Dart. 6 days from Burek*.
Schr G W Watson, Jensen. 13 days from San
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetxel, *6. hours from
Bowenn Landing.
Schr Ocean Spray, Oleen, 4 days from Iver
sens Landlnc- •
Sohr Fortune. Lubers. 5 days from Eureka.
Bchr Sailor Boy, Nielsen. 19 days from Aber
deen. _ .
Thin notice affect* the "Lift of Lights and
Peg Signals. Pacific Coast, 1!M)O." page H, No.
22. and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1MX>." page IS. .
By order of ths Llrhthous« Board.
U. SEBRftE. Commander, U. 8. N..
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED
No change has been made In llfrht vessel No.
70 as to characteristics of lights, tog signal
cr ceneral appearance.
Notice Is hereby plven that on December 10,
1900, light vessel No. 70 waa replaced on her
rtutlon, about 3Vi miles outside the bar off the
entrance to Ban Francisco Harbor, and the gas
buoy, temporarily marking the station, was
withdrawn.
Notice to Mariners.
SAN' FRANCISCO IIAR— CALIFORNIA.
Shipping Merchants.
The Alice loads wheat at Portland for Eu
rope. *1» 8d, prior to arrival; the Blairhoyle,
wheat at Portland for Europe, 45s, prior to ar
rival;, the Kmily F. Whitney, merchandise for
Honolulu ; the Wlllkommen. wheat at Tacoma
for Euro*->e, 3Sb Sd. option of salmon, 4Cs. prior
to arrival; the Martha Davis and the S. d.
Wilder, merchandise for Honolulu.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
stateroom in the ship. The second cabin
is taxed to its limit and the steerage is
well filled. The handsome liner has been
painted white and looks better than ever
in her new colors.
The transport Lopan is ready to sail on
time. She will carry freight and about
450 recruits. The Thomas will go out the
day after the- Logan. She will carry
freight only and the betting is that the
freight boat will beat the passenger boat
to Manila.
When a railroad provides watchmen to
guard employes from danger while at
work under or around a car. it perrorms
its whole duty and is not liable for an ac
cident caused by the negligence of the.
watchman in Jiot giving proper warning
to the workmen thus engaged. In a case
in Wisconsin where this rule was applied,
it was shown that there were three train
men standing by a car when the accident
happened to a man who was working un
derneath; and. furthermore, that "it was
the duty of each of them" as an incident
to his employment to act as a watchman
to protect his coemploye. The court re
marked that it was true there were no
•written or published regulations of the
company showing that they must thus
Watchmen to Guard Employes.
This principle that an employer must
make and promulgate rules, which, if
faithfully followed, will give reasonable
protection to his employes. Is a very gen
eral one; indeed, it prevails in every State.
Ar.d perhaps the rule is almost as well
known that rules adopted by the employes
that are not regularly put forth by their
employer— which, therefore, they are not
required to obey — will not excuse the com
pany from doing Its duty.
Rules Made \yy Employes.
In Berrigan's case against the Erie Rail
road an employe of the- company was in
jured while coupling cars and died from
the injury. In the suit against the com
pany it was claimed that it had failed to
make and publish sufficient regulations
for the guidance of its empiaj' es while
coupling cars. The court in- considering
this claim remarked that it was easy
enough after an accident had occurred to
suggest how it might have been prevent
ed. The company was only bound to us»e
ordinary care in formulating rules, and it
was not reasonable to proceed on the as
sumption that every injury to an employe
could be prevented by making such rules.
It was the duty of the company to anti
cipate and guard by rules or otherwise
against only such accidents as might rea
sonably be foreseen by the company.
There was no proof that rules for such a
case had ever been promulgated by any
other railroad, or that it was reasonable
or practicable to provide against the oc
currence of such an accident by a rule.
The question whether the company v.-as
at fault in omitting to make and publish
such a rule was left to the jury- "This."
remarked the Court of Appeals, "opened
to the jury a wide field for speculation
and conjecture. In the absence of some
proof on the part of the person who sued
the company that such a rule was in
operation by other roads. • • ? or
unless the necessity and propriety of mak
ing and promulgating such a rule was so
obvious as to make the question one of
common experience and knowledge, the
court is not warranted in submitting such
a question to the Jury." The court fur
ther thought that the rules in use pro
vided a reasonable way against the oc
currence of such an accident and conse
quently there was no case to present to
the Jury.
Berrigan vs. Erie Railroad.
In the case of Abel against the Dela
ware and Hudson Railroad, a car repairer
In the railroad's employ was under one of
Its cars making repairs. The car was
Btandlng on a sidetrack. Another car was
carelessly backed against it by other em
ployes BJid caused his death. In action
brought against the company by tho
man's wife to recover money for the loss
of her husband it was shown that other
railroad companies had adopted a rule for
g lacing a blu* flag by day and a blue light
y night on a car under which repair men
were at work and prohibiting the coup
ling or moving of a car thus protected
until the signal was removed by the re
pair men. Such a ruie had not been
adopted by the company. The court re
marked that this was a very proper rule,
and if employes were faithful in carrying
it out it would give reasonable protection
to rJpair men. The court held that
whether Buch a rule ought to have been
adopted by the company above mentioned
was a question for the jury to decide.
Repairing Cars.
Under the first head may be mentioned
the case of Morgan against the Hudson
River Ore Company. The company had
ten kilns for roasting ore standing in a
row about ten feet apart. They stood on
a slight decline, and a narrow-gauge rail
road track ran along by the side of the
kilns, upon which cars loaded with ore
were moved by horsepower. One day th<?
finger of an employe was caueht in one
of the wheels of a cur and crushed.
There were no written or printed rules
for conducting the business, though it
was proved that the superintendent had
given some oral instructions with respect
to doing the work. It was contended that
a set of rules ought to have been made
for conducting the business, and that if
this had been done the accident would not
have happened. The court thought other
wise. "There was nothing in the nature
of the business," said the court, "that
made it necessary for the" company to
make and publish rules. The business
had been conducted in the same way for
years before and no 'accident had hap
pened, and none could reasonably be ap
prehended or anticipated. Even if it
could be shown after the accident occur
red that it might have been prevented by
adopting and enforcing some suitable
rule, that would constitute no proper test
of liability. The failure to adopt rules is
not proof of negligence, unless it appears
from the nature of the business in which
the servant is engaged that the master, in
the exercise of reasonable care, should
have foreseen and anticipated the neces
sity of such precautions."
When Is a Rule Necessary?
We start out then with the simple and
reasonable rule that an employer must
make proper rules and t?ive them due pub
licity. This rule, however, at once holds
within Itself the following questions: In
what cases are any rules or regulations
whatever required for the safety of em
ployes? for surely they are not required
in all. Again, in what cases are the cx«
lstlng rules proper and suitable?
In view or the wanderings of ths? courts
in trying to answer the question who are
fellow-servants, we are not convinced by
the learned judge of judicial infallibility.
It is true, that the tinal court in a State
may make a rule which other courts in
that State must follow, but the final court
might go as far astray in doing this as
a jury. Surely all of those who are floun
dering in the hopeless sea of decialons on
the question of fellow-service cannot bo
righj— nay, some of them must be clearly
and entirely wrong. And indeed on the
question immediately before us their dif
ferences are so ?reat that the prospect or
"eventual uniformity," hopefully predict
ed by Justice Strong, seems to us darkly
remote.
Judicial "Wanderings.
¦•There are strung reasons," says Mr.
Justice Strong, "why the reasonableness
of railroad regulations should in tne ab
sence cf any pcsltlve proof as to their ef
fect be submitted to tne court as a ques
tion of law, rather than to the jury as
cne of fact. Ordinarily Jurors are not
aware of all the reasons calling for the
rule. They arc apt to listen readily to
any allegations ot injuries on railways.
Wnat ope Jury might deem an incon
venient rule another might approve as
judicious and proper, 'mere would be
no uniformity. Ordinarily the managers
of railways are much better qualined than
Jurors to ascertain and weign the exigen
cies which call for^any rule, and, if it
should be productive of some inconveni
ence, to compare that with the evil to bo
prevented or the good to be produced by
»ts adoption. If the question should bo
deemed one of law, there would be event
ual uniformity, as any diversity of senti
ment In the courts below would be finally
harmonized in the court of last resort.'"
Whether an employer ought to make a
particular rule or set of rules in most
states is a Question lor the acclsion of
the court and not of the Jury; in other
words. It is a question of law and not a
question of fact. fc»o also is tho question
wnether a rule 13 reasonable or not.
Not every business requires rules to be
made for the guidance of employes. But
when the business is large and complex,
like that of railroads, lactorif-s, mlr.es
and the like, in which targe nunin«rs are
employed, then the auty 01 making such
lUitij us Will give re&doa&btO. protection 10
employes cieariy^ exists ana siiuutd not
be uisitgarded. •'
ulations.
IX.
What is an employer'3 duty In the way
of giving instrucf.ons to his employes?
To answer this question fully our Inquiry
may be divided Into three branches The
firat of these relates to his duty to make
end set forth rules and regulations for the
better working of his machinery, appli
ances or enterprise, and also for the
greater safety of his employes. Many of
these rules, as we shall Boon learn, are
prepared more especially for the benefit of
youthful and inxperlenced persona.
When an Employer Must Make Rag-
Answers.
101. Horace. 102. Lincoln. 103. Lafay
ette. 104. Sir Isaac Xewton. 105. Louis
XIV. 1C6. Victor Hugo. 107. Sir FrancU
Bacon. ins. Bayard Taylor. 109. Chris
topher Columbus. 110. Charles II. 111.
Pope. 112. Lady Elizabeth Hastings.
J24. "What famous King acted as a spv
and sung Saxon ballads In the Danish
camp?
124. Whose golden statue did Jullu3
Caesar place beside that of Venus in
Rome?
119. AVhat English King used to refer to
his sister, afterward Queen of England,
as "My sweet sister Temperance"?
120. What Emperor induced itinerant
priests to bring silkworm eggs in the hol
low of their staves to Byzantium and thus
introduced silk manufacture into Europe?
121. Who was the last French monarch
to succeed his father?
122. Who laid the cornerstone of Bunker
Hill monument?
123. Whom does Conan Z>oyle call "The
Swinburne of the Canteen"?
113. "Who was the first poet Interred in
Westminster Abbey?
114. What American is known as "Tha
Pott of the Sierras"?
113. "Which of Raphael's Madonnas Is
frequently called "The Christian Venus" T
lltf. What great scientist deserted from
his rcgim?nt in order to study astronomy
in another country?
j!7. Who has been termed "The Mephis
topheles of European Politics"?
113. What recent Queen was known as
"The Mother-in-Law of Europe"?
HOME STUDY CHICLE QUERIES.
University of Pennsylvania.
An Illinois Case.
A case has arisen In Illinois of a switch
man who on a dark night was struck, by
a car and killed wh;ie attempting to
reach a switch in obedience to a signal.
It appeared, that the switch was danger
ous and that the company had adopted
no rules with respect to switching. Tho
switch was known &s a "flying switch,"
some of the cars also had defective
brakes and there was no light on the
front car, though it was usual to put ono
there on dark nights. One of the wit
nesses for the company testified that he
never saw any rules about flying switches
and did not think any one else had. Yet
he also said Immediately afterward that
three whistles wtre used as a signal for
the switch. "By this," said the court,
"we understand It was by fore* of a pre
scribed rule these signals wer» made. Im
portant to be made, certainly, and so Im
portant that a railroad company would
te Justly charged with negligence in not
prescribing anct enforcing them. It Is per
fectly feasible to prescribe definite rules
for making flying switches, though they
may be seldom made."
These are a few of the many answers
to the question. In what cases should
rules or regulations be made for conduct-
Ing a business more safely? The other
question, whether the rule in a given case
is a reasonable one or not, can evidently
be answered only when it arises. A larga
number of cases have happened which
turned on the answer to this question.
Were the rules existing for governing: em
ployes reasonable or sufficient? This, as
we have said, is In most States a question
of law for the court to decide. In one of
the cases, relating to a railroad. It was
held that a rule which merely stated
"Blue is a signal to be used by car In
spectors" was not sufficiently definite.
In another case a rule required car con
ductors to look after switches when used
by their engineer. This was held to be a
sufficient rule, consequently the company
was not liable for the death of a con
ductor who was killed through the neglect
cf another who knew the rule but neglect
ed to adjust a switch properly.
ALBERT S. BOLLES.
An accident happened to a railroad em
ploye in Kansas, who was injured while
attempting to couple cars from a de
tached car. The company had no estab
lished ruk» or custom for notifying or
warning' s'j^chmfn wnrkiner In the com
pany's yard of the movinpr of detarhpd
cars, cxcjit that th«» boll of an engine
should be kf? A t rlrsr'ns while it was in mo
tirn. The employe claimed that the com
pany was miilisfnt in not having: some
regulatien about the movinp of such cars.
Tho Supreme Court decided that a Jury
was not justified in finding that such a
regulation would be feasible or useful.
An important case of this kind has b**en
decided by the Supreme Court of Missouri.
A boy seventeen year3 old wag employed
in carrying water to a gansr of men who
were repairing the roadbed, and in look
ing after the tools. He. with the fore
man and other laborers, traveled In a ca
boose car attached to a fretsht train.
They alighted at a place and left the train
standing on the main track. The fore
man, with the boy. went a short distance
along- the track, and then the boy was
sent back to the. caboose to notify the la
borers about their work and assist them
in getting out their tools. After doing
this. Just a? he was leaving: the car other
cars were shoved suddenly against It, he
was knocked -off and the caboose ran over
h!s arm and leg, badly injuring him. The
cars were moved by the engineer arut
brakeman. "by the maneuver known as
'kicking-.' " As the engineer and brake
man were fellow-servants with the boy —
all working in the same service — he could
not recover for their negligence, however
great: hi? only chance was to show that
the company was negligent "In falling and
omitting to provide any rules or regula
tions or system" in such cases. The lower
court rendered a verdict in favor of the
company, but the Court of Review re
garded the matter differently, remarking
that one who employs servants In a com
plex and dangerous r.uslness ought to pre
scribe proper rule3 for conducting It safe
ly. The railroad contended that In Joln
injr cars, especially in the case of freight
trains. It did not Involve any unusual risk.
"We do not," said the court, "agree to the
proposition. Tt is certainly a complex
business requiring care, and must be dan
gerous, if not done under proper regula
tions, at least to far as other servants
are concerned, whose business requires
them to be in and out of the cars, liable
to be jolted. In the case of shunting or
kicking cars, it is feasible and perfectly
proper to have some rules and regulations
to warn persons liable to be Injured, and
c^ses are not wanting where railroad
companies have been held liable to ser
vants for injuries? received in consequence
of a vrant of such regulations for tho
guidance of the servants In performing
these maneuvers."
Detached Cars.
act, nor did any witness testify that ha
had been specialty charged by any officer
ot the company with the duty or watch
ing tor the safety ol other employes work
ing under cars on the tracks; but many
such witnesses testified that their duty in
that behair was woll understood by them
and other employes of the company. "It
was a sort or common law of the com
pr.ny, obligatory' upon Its employes, and
as thoroughly understood by them as
though it had been embodied in the print
ed regulations anu read by the officers of
the company to them. It thU3 became a
rv.!c or c^Ftom of the company, as well
r.3 on understanding between Its em
ployes." • ,_
AN EMPLOYER'S DUTY TO INSTRUCT EMPLOYES
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
I_AVA/ K^BSSOIMSt EMPLOYERS .rtrVD EW\ff»£_O"V ES.
Water Front Notes.
- The Oceanic Steamship Company's new
mall boat Sierra will sail for Australasia
to-night. She takes away an unusually
heavy cargo and there Is not a vacant
AHEEST ON BELGIAN KING.
Three Chinese Locked Up in the Har
bor Police Station.
Ah Bo, a waiter on the United States
transport Belgian King, will have to an
swer to a charge of grand larceny. When
the steamship reached port Dr. -R. Colt
man reported that he had lost S1S5 in
greenbacks. Three Chinese, who fre
quently entered his quarters, were suspect
ed, but there was no proof against them.
Finally when Detective Egan found the
men trying to leave the ship he placed
them under arrest. When searched at the
police station $175 in greenbacks was found
sewed into the lining of Ah Bo's clothes.
When taxed with the theft he admitted
having found the monev in Dr. Coltman's
room and said the missing $10 he had paid
to the chief steward on account of a debt.
Ah Bo's confession cleared 1 the other Chi
r.ese and they were released. Ah Bo was
then charged with grand larceny.
Sealing Schooner Seizsd.
The Russian barkentine Bering arrh'ed
here from Petropaulofsky yesterday. She
comes here in ballast and will take back
to Vladivostok a full cargo of flour, salt
and general merchandise. 1 The Bering
brings the news that two Japanese sealing
schooners and ono American vessel were
seized In Bering Sea for poaching on Cop
per Island. All three vessels were de
tained in Vladivostok and the crews were
at Saghallon when the Bering left for San
Francisco. These are probably the same,
vessels reported from Yokohama as hav
ing been captured.
» FTER taking a year, all but nine
i\ days, to round the Horn, the
ZA\ French bark Eugenia Fautrel
finally made i>ort yesterday.
This is her maiden voyage and
on this year's venture the owners will
have to face a dead loss. A defective rud
der caused all the trouble and to it the
captain lays the blame of a six months'
detention at Buenos Ayres.
The Eugenia Fautrel left Swansea ex
actly 256 days ago. On January 23 sho
was in latitude 11 scuth. longituae 3s west.
On March TJ sne was in ijuenos Ayres
with her rudder broken and otherwise
aaniaged. The ve^el was Duilt under the
new French subsidy law and as the own
ers wanted her in a hurry she was built
under "rush orders." She is a handsome
looKingr craft, but when the test came In
a pampero off. the River Platte she was
not equal to the occasion. When the
storm was over the Eugenia Fautrel was
almost helpless. Her steering gear was
disabled and the rudder broken nearly in
two. During- the calm that followed the
storm a jury steering gear and rudder
were fixed up and the bark finally reached
Buenos Ayres.
An soon as port was reached the real
trouble began. The vessel was surveyed
and on April 2 orders were sent to France
for a new rudder. It was nearly five
months before the necessary articles ar
rived and it was September 19 before the
Eugenia Fautrel was ready to sail again.
After getting away from Buenos Ayres
she ran Into a succession of calms, so the
captaln put into Montevideo In the hope
of picking up some men as the vessel was
snort-handed, five of the crew having de
serted while at Buenos Ayres.
At Montevideo they found the British
bark Mistley Hall. She had been in a
hurricane and was completely dismasted.
Her decks were swept and three of the
sailors had lost their lives. Two of them
were blown from the yard nrm into the
sea and one fell from aloft and was In
stantly killed. The Mistley Hall was such
a. wreck that the owners decided to sell
her. The crew wanted to get home, so
live of tlvrn shipped on the Frenchman.
All of them are now anxious to get ashore
and the chances are that by this morning
the bark will be minus five of her crew.
Since the Mistley Hall disaster was re
ported the bark Auldgerth has been to
Montevideo and taken aboard her cargo.
The latter vessel Is now fifty days out
on her return to San Francisco with the
Mistley Hall's cargo, while the remains
of the latter vessel have been sold to an
Italian firm.
After Mans Vicissitudes the French Bark Eugenia Fautrel
Finally Makes Port, Somewhat Behind Time,
TAKES NEARLY A YEAR TO MAKE
A VOYAGE AROUND CAPE HORN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1900^
FRENCH BAJIK EUGENIA FAUTREL AFTER THE HURRICANE. THE
CREW IS TRYING TO FIX HER RUDDER SO AS TO GET HER INTO
BUENOS AYRES FOR REPAIRS.
7
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Progreso Seattle... |Dec. 13
San Mateo Nanaimo Dec. 12
Pomona Humboldt -Dec. 12
Corona :.. Newport Dec. 12
San Pedro Humboldt ......]Dec. 12
\V. II. Krujcer.. Grays Harbor Dec. 1.1
descent City.. Crescent City Dec. 13
Washtenaw .... Tncoma Dec. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria 4; Puget Bound Dec. 13
.Santa Rosa..... San Diego Dec. 13
Arcata Coos Bay 'Dec. 13
Point Arena Point Arena |Dec. 13
Willamette .... Seattle Dec. 13
Czarina Seattle Dec. 13
Jcanie Seattle Dec. 14
Kobt. Adamson Nanaimo.. Dec. 14
Eureka ;... Humboldt Dec. 15
Santa Barbara.. Humboldt Deo. 15
Nrko Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. 15
Coptic China and Japan. Dec. 15
Mackinaw Seattle Dec. 13
Emptrei Coos Hay Dec. 15
Del Norte JPortland and Coos Bay. Dec. 16
Mnudalay (Coqullle River Dec. 16
Honlta [Newport Dec. 16
Queen San Diego Dec. 16
O.W. Elder.... Portland Dec. 16
Halnier Seattle &New Whateom Dec. 1«
Umatllla Victoria &. Puget Sound Dec. 18
North Fork |Humboldt Dec IS
Steamer.
Destination. I
Satis.
I Pier.
City Puebla Seattle Dec. 12. 4 pm Pier 9
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 12. 9 am Pier 2
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 12, 10 am Pier 2
Queen Sen Diego.... Dec. 12, 9 am Pier 11
Senator .... Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 12. 11 am Pier 9
Sierra Sydney & Way Dee. 12. 9 pm Pier 7
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 12. J»raP1erl3
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 14, 2 pm Pier 3
City R. Jah Cnlna& Japan Dec. 14, 1 pm PMSS
Czarina Seattle&Tac. Dec. 14, 6 pm Pier 8
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 14, 11am Pier 24
Corona Newport Dec. 14, 9 am Pier 11
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Dec. 14. 10 am Pier 20
Bel. King... China* Japan Dec. 15, 10 am Pier 21
Excelsior .. Alaska v. Seat Dec. 15. 12 mAOff
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 15, 2 pm Pier 2
Arcata .... Coos Bay Dec. 15. 12 m Pier 13
Banta Rosa. San Diego.... Dec. 18. 9am Pier 11
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 17, 11 am Pier 9
W. Kruger. [Grays Harbor Dec. 17, 6 pm Pier 13
City Para.. I Pan. & Way Dec. IS. 12 m PMSS
Hathor Hambg&Way Dec. 18 Pier 7
Bonlta jNewport Dec. 13. 9am|Pierll
Bun rises
Stin seta
Moon rises ...........11:22 \
.7:16
..4:51
i. m.
H Time Time Time Time
¦¦» Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L W H W I* W
12 .. 4:»3 6.0 10:26 3.0 8:46 4.0 9:51
13 ... 6:U 5.1 11:45 2.6 6:01 3.5 10:37
14 ... 5:55 5.2 12:60 2.2 6:21 3.3 11:25
15 ... 6:34 5.2 1:39 1.7 7:40 3.4
L, AV H W L W H W
16... 0:12 J.5 7:12 5.3 2:18 1.2 8:51
17... 0:09 2.8 7:47 5.4 2:54 0.6 9:46
18... 1:46 3.0 8:19 5.5 3:30 0.2 10:35
Ft.
l.S
1.7
2.2
3.5
3.7
4.0
Bun rises
Stin seta
Moon rises ...........11:22 \
.7:16
..4:51
i. m.
H Time Time Time Time
¦¦» Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L W H W I* W
12 .. 4:»3 6.0 10:26 3.0 8:46 4.0 9:51
13 ... 6:U 5.1 11:45 2.6 6:01 3.5 10:37
14 ... 5:55 5.2 12:60 2.2 6:21 3.3 11:25
15 ... 6:34 5.2 1:39 1.7 7:40 3.4
L, AV H W L W H W
16... 0:12 J.5 7:12 5.3 2:18 1.2 8:51
17... 0:09 2.8 7:47 5.4 2:54 0.6 9:46
18... 1:46 3.0 8:19 5.5 3:30 0.2 10:35
Ft.
l.S
1.7
2.2
3.5
3.7
4.0
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Progreso Seattle... |Dec. 13
San Mateo Nanaimo Dec. 12
Pomona Humboldt -Dec. 12
Corona :.. Newport Dec. 12
San Pedro Humboldt ......]Dec. 12
\V. II. Krujcer.. Grays Harbor Dec. 1.1
descent City.. Crescent City Dec. 13
Washtenaw .... Tncoma Dec. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria 4; Puget Bound Dec. 13
.Santa Rosa..... San Diego Dec. 13
Arcata Coos Bay 'Dec. 13
Point Arena Point Arena |Dec. 13
Willamette .... Seattle Dec. 13
Czarina Seattle Dec. 13
Jcanie Seattle Dec. 14
Kobt. Adamson Nanaimo.. Dec. 14
Eureka ;... Humboldt Dec. 15
Santa Barbara.. Humboldt Deo. 15
Nrko Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. 15
Coptic China and Japan. Dec. 15
Mackinaw Seattle Dec. 13
Emptrei Coos Hay Dec. 15
Del Norte JPortland and Coos Bay. Dec. 16
Mnudalay (Coqullle River Dec. 16
Honlta [Newport Dec. 16
Queen San Diego Dec. 16
O.W. Elder.... Portland Dec. 16
Halnier Seattle &New Whateom Dec. 1«
Umatllla Victoria &. Puget Sound Dec. 18
North Fork |Humboldt Dec IS
Steamer.
Destination. I
Satis.
I Pier.
City Puebla Seattle Dec. 12. 4 pm Pier 9
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 12. 9 am Pier 2
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 12, 10 am Pier 2
Queen Sen Diego.... Dec. 12, 9 am Pier 11
Senator .... Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 12. 11 am Pier 9
Sierra Sydney & Way Dee. 12. 9 pm Pier 7
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 12. J»raP1erl3
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 14, 2 pm Pier 3
City R. Jah Cnlna& Japan Dec. 14, 1 pm PMSS
Czarina Seattle&Tac. Dec. 14, 6 pm Pier 8
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 14, 11am Pier 24
Corona Newport Dec. 14, 9 am Pier 11
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Dec. 14. 10 am Pier 20
Bel. King... China* Japan Dec. 15, 10 am Pier 21
Excelsior .. Alaska v. Seat Dec. 15. 12 mAOff
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 15, 2 pm Pier 2
Arcata .... Coos Bay Dec. 15. 12 m Pier 13
Banta Rosa. San Diego.... Dec. 18. 9am Pier 11
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 17, 11 am Pier 9
W. Kruger. [Grays Harbor Dec. 17, 6 pm Pier 13
City Para.. I Pan. & Way Dec. IS. 12 m PMSS
Hathor Hambg&Way Dec. 18 Pier 7
Bonlta jNewport Dec. 13. 9am|Pierll
AMUSEMENTS.
& °ir 1 w 0 1 1
JrFT TO PAPS THE TIME AWAY.
FOVRT1I ASD LAST WKEK OF
THE JOLLY
MUSKETEER1
THE REST COMIC OPERA IX TEAP.3.
Ev<»n!r.ir!> at * Matin** Saturday *t 2.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
"CINDERELLA "
ivii.L j:k w iT;r tot. brixgixo tule-
rn>E nx ant> frolic.
POPULAB PRICKS- 25 cents and 50 cents.
Telephone Bush •.
LA.~7 6 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
ALICE NIELSEN
And the ALICE NIELSEN OPERA CO.
Direction cf Frar.k L. Perley.
To-Night, Last Tice, ' The Fortune Teller."
Thursday. Friday a.n<5 Saturday Nlffhts an4
Saturday Matinee,
"THE SINGING GIRL."
¦ By Herbert, Smith end Starure.
Next Monday.
FREDERICK VVARDE In
"THE DUKE'S JESTER."
A SURE GUREToR THE BLUES!
IF TOC WANT A REAL HEARTY LAUGH
We Recommend
JOHN M.WELCH
In Hit Funny Play,
A BELL BOY
HITS WEEK. ONLY. MATINEE SATURDAY.
V*xt Punday Afternoon— YEN I A L, TOLLY,
TCVIAL BEN HENPRICKR in the Play That
Wtde Him Famous. "OLE OLSON."
Th!« Week — "Good P,v** Performance*
MATINEE KATTRDAT.
THE P.ATP' HOWLING S1TCCESS
"A HOT OLD TIME"
John W. Jess as Larry Mooney.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
THE BOSTON LYRIC OPERA COMPANY.
Presenting
"SAID F»/\SH/\ "
Fun«ay N!*ht. !><•. 16 "CARMEN"
Monday Nifht. Dec. 17 "CARMEN"
Tuesday Night. Dee. 18 "SAID PASHA"
¦Wednesday Night. Dt. 13.."'IL TROVATORE"
Thursday Nlffht. Dec JO "CARMEN"
Fa-'wl! Appearances of OOLLAMAKINI,
RT \^SO end ALESSANDRONI.
EffHoSBS. :5. J5c, 35c SOe and 75e. Matinee.
ir>c, ISc. C5e and £9c. Beats ready to-morrow
(Tfrurflay.)
THEATRE *A>
EVERY NIGHT THI8 WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The ncmarkabJe One-Act Play.
M A H A Ffl F JAPANESE
ifliil/iilllL, TRAGEDY,
BUTTERFLY. fe co .
Preceded by Gilbert's Comedy,
"PYGMALION AND GALATEA."
Matlneea Faturday and Sunday.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1M0-WINTER MEETING— 1S0L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. 2<1 to DEC. ISth. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racinjr Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thur»-
Atjr, Friday and Saturday. Bain cr thine.
i-ive cr more raoe« each aay.
Il«cc« ttart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
K«-rry-l>eats Have San Francisco at 12 m. and
01:20, L 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 1 p. m.. connectlnj
wlib train* stopping at the entrance to th«
truck. Last two car» on train reserved for
ladies and their e»corta; no cmoklss. Buy your
Jerrj ticket* to Shell Mound. All train* vl»
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
tlcetric cam at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
*cd Broadway. Oakland. Tbene electric cax»
»" direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Train* leave the track at 4:15 and
(C p. m. and Immediately after the lait race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pre«ld*nt. j
«. B. MILROT. Secretary '
„, g ale>8 ! i Hale's.
open eveninfis until Christmas. >^S>«w f
comfort for holiday shoppers at Male's / /^2§8|$fe T
• In our elegantly appointed ladies' / '^?^^^v >.
A P=^ lo r on mcz.zar.hie floor you will (*
i:, find lavatories where you can" refresh *^^fi«§|i|S3S& (•'
% >;°urse!f when tired and exhausted by *WWBfG§S$ffi >•
<$ your holiday shopping, and comfortable ( #
resting-places where you can meet your <^ d^P^ (••
Incnds for a social chat. You will also U, /'
egii find on this floor the very interesting L^ 3fT (•
>,',t bairfressins, shampooing facial mas V^ $1 >•
'* iL 1RC « !n *i manicuring departments. V— M&R VT
r, I hese splendid departments are in _^-<*A • (A
gv ch?r^ oi Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Cos- "2«;fl\ MS V .
U prove, the well-known hair and nail ex- 3offl\ ISlK (•
% Joed est of work is K» aran - Pt?ffiv\ W^ : : : ?t' (6
U fo- 5" F gI ° VC °, rdcrs arc S° Of i at any of Hr.le's California stores— (•
fc :,' £??** "r other merchandise. Send them to your friends in >*
Stockton. San Jose. Los Anpeles. Petaluma and Sa- \P
as - would make a more sensible or acceptable Rift. fa
j* the art needlework department is full of useful and beautiful articles )'
. appropriate for ho.idcy gifts - >T
w- ana at such small prices f rickets end dimes will do wonders. O.
% w S?A]n 5 ov " cd P in cushions in pink, iTT-"^.^-**^. '£
n' u lue and . >-f»™-trimmed with pretty £5®l^/73v%gk I?
.0 lace--i S mches long. Entirely hew and W
strikingly handsome. See illustration. •"
% V^fi$$$ cclluloi( l boxes for W^^MS>M H
JJ. handkerchiefs, gloves, trinkets, jewelry. n^s^w***,-"
spectacles and so on. A hundred or SI.35 each U* -
more styles— all pretty and just the 'n
ui ilT-rr~*5/~l for holiday gifts. Prices range from 25c to /L
( d /jte&i?- ¦¦"V 92.50 m
£.) /^''^Sr^vV ? Tambour scarfs and shams in a great choice w?
nd han dsome open work and embroid- 0'
7) /^£'.J($Ps X- % v i; — V erc( * effects. The scarfs are 'j)» *
,' r^^^A. _5? S^f^t \ J 8x54 inches— the shams are /£§,
•< ¦ ' 32 inches square. Worth 45c aS
©J .; '- j..j, I:;: "" '• to 75c each. Your choice.3J>c w
$\ I Satin covered pin cushions P
•x set 50c, each 25c. in pink, blue and yellow — 0»
y0 .... trimmed with ruffles of lace (lit.
q\ and nbben bows. Each r>5c trZ;
'{ V 'f\'\ !*•£•? .P 0 !©* 1 with heavy leathf'r friiipf— maVy'rlifrVrer.t desifrn-.' Your W
g\ Initials will be burned In th« bark tree of char?* if desired. A novel and |V
ppr.sitle gift. Each QSJTM 'V.
&, finished pif.'otrs half price. fi,
•< TV> hav e several hundred plllotrd that uere made up to show how the dlf- '<g2»
t ) ferpnt styles oi pillow tops r.-ould look when finished. They have served their S»
,J purpose, and now ti-e want them out of the way quickly, and offer them for Wv
a fp*^<ly eviction at .last half price. Ql
-< Another scle of silk /7os< pillows. V
• Km IC-lnch. 18-lnch. yi-tnen. 22-lnch. 24-lnch. 26-lnch. J),
./ Price 15c 20c 23c 35c 3*Je COc
'S Market Street, near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate avenue. W !
DINING-ROOM I
EXTENSION TABLE.
Xlcely polished and finished In
golden oak; has turned legs. Top,
<2x«; length. S feet.
SPELIAL PRICES FOR THE
HOLIDAYS. \
COMPLETE HOUSEFURNISHINO
A 8PECIALTY.
Free dellverj' within 200 miles on
$2S worth and over. ¦ p.
CASH OR CREDIT. H
BRILLIANT'S |
338-340-342 POST ST. W
Near Powell st Open Evenings. I
§VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use oxer fifty
years by the leaders of ths
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures ths
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuce, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Loit
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Nlcht Losses, Insom.
nla. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lama Rack.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, »¦» Varlcocele or Con-
stipation, Stops Ne ?3 \J rvous Twitching
cf Eyelids. Effects 1 JT«aare immediate.
Impart vigor and * <c " ' 9 potency to every
function. Don't get despondent; a eur» In at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Btlmulates the brain and nerve centers; 60c a
box: 6 for $2 60 by mail. A written guarantee to
curs cr money refunded with f boxes. Circulars
free. Address BI8HOP REMSDT CO.. 40 Ellts
gl San Francisco, Cal.. CHANT DRUG CO.,
tt 'and 40 Third et.
ONE PIP DCS*
/^IMlk B0TTLE CuRES
/ MCBURNEY'S
/^ **ifW Kidney' n J5'?|g r
\M .y' A thorough euro lor
yt\ C pains in the back,
C.J l ' ' >"\ BRICHT'S DISEASE.
t^f\. female troubles, incon-
tiuenceof TSlne, brick dnst deposits, bed*
wetting of children, gravel, gall stonea,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT— -
DAHLBENDER DRUG CO., 214 Kearny St.,
AND AT
THE OWL DRUG CO.. 1128 Market ! st.
Send 23c In 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney.
418 S. £r>rimr St., Lob Anefles. Cal.. for S
days' treatment. Prepaid tl 50. Druggists.
tlERCES!
FAVORITE
SCRIPTSON
, R WEAK WO MEM. 1
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-r>AY. WEDNESDAY. DEC. 12.
Parquet. 25c; any prat, balcony. 10c; Children,
K'C, any part except reeTved.
GOOD GCODS in GOOD VAUDEVILLE
DAVIS AND MACAU1EY, HAR-
MONY FOUR, SPENSER KELLY,
AHERN AND PATRICK, PA-
TRICE AND COMPANY, ROB-
ERTTJS AND WILFREDO, MAY
DE EOUSA, PANTZER TRIO,
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. j
- __ — j
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
CROWDED >LIj THE TIME.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
ASSURED SUCCESS OF
THB OLIVER-LESLIE CO.
ALL THIS WEEK.
THE GREAT ENGLISH MELODRAMA.
MAN'S ENEMY!
NEXT , WEEK
"A TALE Or TWO CITIES."
Prices— 10c. 15c, 25c. COc. A Few Front Rows
in Orchestra. 75c. Matinees — 10c, 15c. 25c, 60c.
No Higher. Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
CHUTES AND_Z00.«^*SST
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOWI
THE JACKSONsin Their Huppieane
Boxing Act!
TO-MORROW XIGHT— The Amateurs In Spe-
cialties and a Ladies' Rope Climbing- Contest.
Telephone for Seats Park S3.
FT^fHFRN CONCERT HOUSE.
COGILL AND COOPER'S COMEDIANS IN
"ALL MIXED!" "ALL MIXED!"
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES AND MUSICAL
ACTS!
Reserved seats. 25c. Matinees Sunday.
Do 1 q nek 1 These hotels pos-
*• CllCll^O sess the attributes
•m that tourists and
3,11(1 travelers appreciate
— central location.
fi-PQnH libcral manaKe-
«A <*llv4 tnent. modern ap-
Yj • , i pointments and
nOtelS Perfect cuisine.
American and r.u-
San Francisco ropean p'ajis.
I DR. PMJE'Sjg^ EODY-BATTERY
THE ,*Wi &v Mes
New /^M^SK M
Life- //<r A % 5r>a M5H
'/ \ \h'}i Amodern »p-
By means of -O\(AAiLS?l£ pllaacel It
Dr. Pierce 1 a g*p^&£}-^~ CUr. the body
B«t and At- VfSSbjSVA wlth ellfctr| c-
tarhmenti a - lty, thu« rlv-
powerful cur- 'V'vfewa •** Nature's
rent oJ elec- /jW : A v '«f-.v« * warmth and
trlclt>mayb« strength to all
conveyed to who um It.
wiy part of 5p«t<llly cures
the body of £y I .*. wlthoutdrugs
the wearer, ft ' \ & 1 ana ' 8 as good
/mm bead to <| \ r I tor women
root, thereby 1 ' \\ .1 as for men.
Imparting '/¦ 1 \ Prices rea-
rlmanJ vigor V I fl •otiabla. Xo
to all weak' 1 I . i "Free" or
fart* and V j "Half Price"
rivlny awaygy*/ ' i A 1^ offers made
aches and S-~ ' "^BBC to jell this
paint as If ~— TuT BELT « If
by mafic. L«jS\ J ' ou wan * the
JTOur new "Book- »***J BEST, you
let No. 2" Klvea fall In- mutt h a vc
formation. Free at of- "Dr. Pierce'*."
flee or mailed to any addreet tor a J-oent
ctanao. Call or address PIKRCE ELEC-
TRIC CO., IMS Broadway (abore 26th at.).
New Tortt. Pad Be Coa*t of floe. 620 Mar-
kat rt. (opposite Palace Hotel), Ban Fran-
cisco.
When writtnf, kindly mention this paper.
OR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Care of Gonorrhoea, Cleats.
Strictures and analogous complaint*
o? the Organs of Generation.
Price tl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
O ¦ f"I" T\ fill ¦ I Corner Fourth and
HFElttLs 8^
Will la IIWIIIIw g,. Overcoats and
valises checked free i
I an onion,
I a fritter J^J
1 csan be fried m*^\ \/m
| successively in j%m K\ Y/n
ODORLESS |||i& 1
%1 and one will not par- \ fir »1
y take intfae (lightest \ | fl
a be used again and K~ r jp«\ |-3
m again until the last VJ^VwSk v\
8 friendly grocer for sjg *3Nezv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1L— Tte demand for
rtocka to-day waa so large, to urgent and so
u-i<Seljr dUtrtbuteS as to suggest a. recrudes
cence of the bullish enthusiasm of the period
Immediately following the election. The mo
tivts of this buying and the strength of the
whole raarfcet were somewhat mysterious. The
anthracite group had Its own particular cause
of «trencih in the circumstantial assertion* of
th» ptMing control of the Jvnnrylvanla Coal
Company to the Erie Railroad and the conse-
«ju*nt frustratlo-i of the plan for a new rail
road frcm the coal region* ta tidewater to rat
tafy the Idea of the independent operators
r»rtrfilng transportation rates. Tin toreaten
«4 construction of this read b&s \ozg been &
fcuriear ta tie astfcmclte conu»ni« and the
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet
and easy; No. 3 spring wheat. 63S72; No. 2 red,
71H@74Vic; No. 2 corn, 3694c; ' Xo. 2 yellow,
SCUc: No. 2 oats, 22»ic; No. 2 white, 25%i'52Sc;
No. s white, 24Vi@25%ic: No. 2 ry«, 49iJ5Oc; fair
to choice malting barley BO^c; prime timothy
seed. $4 40; mess . pork, per barrel, $11 50<9
Article*— Open. High. Low. Close,
Wheat No. *—
December C9T4 70H 69% 70U.
January ?<>£ 71 70*J ?o£
May 73ft 7SH 73 73«i
Corn No. J—
December 8?H 36*4 S614 S6V4
January 35V4 SMi 85 251?
M Oats-NoV2- S6 ** K% 36 *
December 21*4 21*4 2Mi 2i«
May 23% 23% n% 23*4
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 12 25 "13 35 13 15 1J 20
May U 15 13 15 12 05 12 O7U
Lard, per 100 pounds —
December 7 20 7 2214 '7 15 7 20
January fi 90 6 95 6 82>i 6 87%4
May 6 95 7 00 6 90 6 92%
Short Rlbe, per 100 pounds —
January 6 32«J 6 32^ 6 22% 6 22U
May 6 40 6 40 6 80 fi 32Ji
Provisions early wen moderately active and
firm. Hog receipts were heavy and shorts took
the opportunity to cover and secure profits
without sending the price up materially. Later
when this support was withdrawn, prices
sagged and th« close was easy. January pork
and lard closed 5c down and ribs 10c lower
The leading futures ranged as follows 1
Corn waa firm, but Inactive. December
closed %c higher at 8C%o. May left off a
shade up at 36«f36Hc.
Oats remained in a state of coma. Mav
was unchanged at 23%c. ...n £ . ;.V7
CHICAGO, Dec. 11.— During the forenoon the
wheat market contented Itself with holding
merely steady under the encouragement vouch
safed by Northwest advices, where receipts
were smaller and on tho expectation of a mod
erate world's visible decrease. January opened
unchanged to Ho higher at 73@73ttc and sold
during the first hour to 73Vic. A fractional
recession from this point followed, but later
New York reported fifty-three loads taken for
export, ten of them" from Chicago, and Brad
etreefs world's visible figures showed a de
croare of 2,1S4,OOO bushels, all of which In
fluenced shorts to cover. In consequence May
rallied to 73%c and closed firm, hi®%c higher
Chicago Grain Market.
Flour and Millstu ffs.
FLOUR— California ' Family Extras, $3 2y<l
Z 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, . $3 1533 25;
Chicago was a shade steadier, with a purely
speculative demand. Receipts In the North
wtst were somewhat smaller. Minneapolis
mills started up again and most of them will
be in operation within the next week.. With
Russian ports closed and the Argentine offer-
Ing but little It Is the Impression that the de
mand should Increase. Flour was reported
quieter, with a slight decline In futures.
The local market stood about the same, be
ing dull. ¦ •
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c: Milling, fl 0Z\i
@1 OG per Ctl.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May— 12,000
ctls. *1 03%; December. 1901—2000. $1 0S%.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctla. $1 O&%; De
cember 1901—4000, $1 0S%.
Regular Morning Session — May— 2000 ctli,
$103«4; 16.000, $1 C3T4-'
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY — The market is quieter and lower,
owing to larger offerings and a diminished de
mand. .
Feed 75c for choice bright, 72Vto for No. 1
and $7%©70e for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades. 77H#82Hc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD. SALES.
Informal Session— 3:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. "-•3mgBBS%p*
Regular Morning Session— December— WOO ctls,
72".4c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
.OATS — The market continues ' firmly held,
with a steady demand and light spot supplies.
White, $1 3001 50; Surprise, nominal; Red. $1 25
@1 40 for feed and $1 S5@l 45 for seed; Cray,
nominal : Black, for feed, . $1 10(31 20; for. seed,
$1 2t*gi 80 per itl.
CORN— The market Is well supplied, and as
receipts aio Increasing the tendency Is toward
lower prices. California Yellow, |1 1&P>1 30;
California White. $1 10; Eastern Yellow. $1 15@
1 20; White. $1 10; Eastern mixed, $1 12^ per
cti.
RTE-8.'.@87» / 4c per ctl. The market Is dull
an'd offerings meet with little attention.
liUCKWH EAT— Quoted at $1 7502 per ctl.
WHEAT— New York was several fractions
firmer, but the foreign markets were dull and
easy.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The market Is weaker,
the last spot charter being at 34s 9d, usual op
tions. The chartered wheat fleet In port has
a registered .tonnage of 57,900, against 35.650
tons on the same date last year; dlsengHKrd
412'. 1 tons, against 3700; on the way to this ixirt
ll'.',500 tons, against 200,100.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $48214
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 Jgu
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — ;«a
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 5
line Silver, per ounce — 64%
Mexican Dollar*, nominal 504 0 51
Exchange and Bullion.
The market for evaporated apples presented
no new feature of importance to-day. Trading
was of a hand-to-mouth character, with the
market quiet and steady at nominally un
changed prices. State common was quoted at
485c: prirce. 4?iQ5i4c; choice, 6@6c; fancy,
6©7c. California dried fruits were Inactive:
prunes nominally quoted at 5«,4SSV-c per pound
as to size and quality.
APRICOTS-Royal, U«ji4c; Moorpark, 15G?lSc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16020c; unpeeled. 6Q9c.
* — *
NEW YORK, Dec. 1L— FLOUR— Receipts.
33.000 bbls; exports. 29,000 bbls; sales, 9100 pack
ages; market, although quiet, was a little
steadier on the Improvement In wheat.
WHK AT— Receipts, 44,400 bushels; exports,
27.945 bushels; sales, 1.550,000 bushels futures,
160. OCl bushels spot; spot market quiet; No. 2
red, 7S l ,ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76%c ele
vator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, S3Uc t. 0. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. $5Hc f. o. b. afloat.
Options were extremely dull all day, but firmly
sustained en light offerings, steady Knglish
cables, a liberal decrease in world's stocks and
small Northwest receipts; closed firm. U@^ic
•J net advance; sales Included No. 2 red March
I 79 ll-lC!S79Vjc, closed at 79Hc: May, 78 11-16®
I 79%c. closed at 7»fcc; December, 76H@70%c.
HIDES— Firm.
¦\VOOI.r- Quiet.
COFFEE — Future* closed steady at a net
loss of 5i?10 points: total sales, 17.710 bags. In
cluding January, $5 90; March, $6 05fl6 10; May,
$6 lies 20; July, $8 25; September. $6 30; Octo
ber, $6 35. Spot Rio. barely steady: No. 7 In
voice, 7 3 4o; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9Vi<gl3>4c.
SUGAR — Raw, steadyr refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 10,038 packages; steady;
creamery. lStfjIGc; Juno creamery, 1S@23U C ;
factory, 12015Hc
EGGS— Receipts, 9963 packages: firm: West
ern reR-ular packing at mark, 22ig'27c; Western,
loss off, 2Pc.
DRIED FRUITS.
O20th Meridian— Padflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 11.— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last caf ¦¦ tt. and r-a.r.faT.s in' the last twenty
four hrmrs:
Weather Report.
"Oraiures have matured rapidly In Southern
California, but In oth^r sections their develop
ment has been retarded by cool weather and
fogs. Prospects continue good for an unusually
large crop In most sections. Olives have
ripened rather slowly, but will yield a larger
Crop than average. The high temperature pre
vailing in Southern California is causing fruit
fcufis to swell and there Is said to be some
apprehension cf damage to next season's crop
ehould the preeent conditions continue. Cooler
weather anf rain would be very beneficial In
that section."
"Early eown gr&in ha« made good growth
Jn all sections during the week and i* looking
strong. Alfalfa is in pplendid condition. Green
feed is becoming plentiful In all parts of the
Etate and Ftock is in good condition.
•'Abnormally lew temperatures, accompanied
by heavy fogs, have prevailed In the great
i alleys and in the co&Et ar.d bay sections
during the week, while in Southern California
the weather has be»n generally clear ai»d the
tr-mperature above normal. Frosts have oc
curred in the foothill and mountain districts
end occasional light frosts in other sections,
but no darr-ape has been done, except In re
tarding the growth of green feed. The dense
fege have prevented too rapid evaporation and
the eoll continues in excellent condition for
rarer, work. Farmers in all sections have made
fr»Et progress in plowing and seeding. The
outlook for heavy crops wa6 never better at
this dat<? and farmers are cowing an unusually
larpe acreage of graia in anticipation of a
very profperous season.
A. G. McAdie, «ection director of the climate
and crep ten-lee of the weather bureau, makes
the following report for the week:
Weather and Crop Bulletin.
"Brazil nuts show increased strength, owing
to the crowing scarcity. Marbot walnuts are
still practically off the market. Grenobles are
rfffred freely at He and arrivals continue of
fair quality. Sicily and Valencia shelled al
monds ere ellghtly lower."
"Cuirants are easy, with fair demand.
Prunes are going out only moderately well.
Outside goods are still selling at cut prices,
t, -me Santa Claras of the four eires at He
under the association, lt Is understood. Evap
orated apples are unchanged ar.d quiet.
Mall acvicea from New York say: "The at
tention cf the entire Cried fruit trade was
concentrated yesterday on the auction sale of
California raisins. As was fully expected <h»
London layers, which constituted the bulk of
the goods offered, brought very low prices,
from Jl CO to $1 S5. but a larpe portion of these
fcods was of r.oor quality. Seven cars of lay
ers were Bald. Th» two cars of 4-crown clusters
brought a good price. conEidering the state of
the market., going for $2 f. o. b.. coast. Sam
rles ehewed these pods to be very good qual
ity. The 6eedlef=s Sultanas, of which 250 boxes
mere offered, sold low at 7^c For 250 boxes
cf seedless Mu»catels 7%c was paid. Follow
ing the fa!e the raisin market eased oft de
rideily. particularly on layers aad seedless Sul
tar.aa. ar.d became established about on the
basin cf the Quotations given below. Malaga
layers fell off. correspondingly.
The Slump in Raisins.
Receipts of wine and brandy at this port
thus far this year are as follows, compared
with the ke6 time last year: Of wine. 13,-
CT2.217 gallons, against 13.102.800; of brandy.
2«J,100 gailens, against ZE2.250.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy.
Exports cf epecle frcn this pert during the
first eleven mcr.the cf the year were $21,621,100,
¦Lgaicst J1S.ES1.900 for t!:« eaise time last year.
tfce leading descriptions being as follows: Sil
ver bullion. $4.i:$,4T4; Mexican dollars, $8,770,
100; eilver ecla. J4S6.&X): gold coin, $4,114,300.
The leading destisatiuns were as follows:
Cfc!r.a, J13.:'90.SiC; New York. J7.142.660; Hon
olulu, ynyga,
Exports of Specie.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
told. Stocks— Bid.
1,500 Atchison 33H
1.700 Atchison prefd 84
6.130 Baltimore & Ohio i0>4
100 Canadian Pacific SG%
320 Canada Southern 6SV4
4,kC0 Central Pacific
SA Chesapeake & Ohio S7*4
6.550 Chicago Great Western 19H
£.500 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 136*»
ICO Chicago Ind & Louisville 23
600 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 67
Chicago & Eastern Illinois (<&*
1.213 Chicago & Northwestern 163%,
6.200 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 114S
3,430 C C C & St Louis 66»;
100 Colorado Southern 6T4
2C1 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42V4
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
12,31,0 Delaware &. Hudson 11?
4,100 Delaware Lack & Western 1S4^>
1.200 Denver & Rio Grande 23H
2.700 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 80^
1S.K.0 Erie 17»i
2Z.W0 Erie 1st prefd 4S»,i
6.5&0 Great Northern prefd 181
Hocking Coal ie>4
490 Hocking Valley 39*4
2,400 Illinois Central 125
€00 Iowa Central 19»i
Iowa Central prefd 44
IW Lake Erie & Western 37'4
400 Lake Erie &. Western prefd 1C5
Lake Shore 211
6.700 Louisville & Nashville S3'i
H.ZOO Manhattan L iJO'i
2,600 Metropolitan Street Railway 167
S.6C0 Mexican Central 13 T »
COO Minneapolis & St Louis 65V»
400 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 101
15.C00 Missouri Pacific 60^
Mobile & Ohio 40H
610 Missouri Karsas A Texas 1314 •
10,200 Missouri Kai<sas & Texas prefd 2S?i
1.4S0 New Jersey Central 144H
6.015 New York Central 142Vi.
1.5S0 Norfolk & Western 42S
Norfolk & Western prefd 81H
1S.100 Northern Pacific 71%
6.444 Northern Pacific prefd 83'i
t4.CO0 Ontario & Western I6H
• Oregon, Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
7,000 Pennsylxanla 142H
24.200 Reading 2H4
U6,1".O Reading 1st prefd 66%
14,€70 Reading 2d prefd 34W
100 Rio Grande Western (5
Rio Grande Western prefd S5
1.200 St Louis & San Fran ViH.
St Louis &. San Fran 1st prefd 75
600 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 43'i
1,200 St Louis Southwestern ltty
8.6M St Louis Southwestern prefd 38
12.0D0 St Paul _127<.J
310 St Paul prefd 179V4
SCO Ftifriuil & Omaha 120
41.350 Southern Pacific 4274
17.S10 Southern Railway lSli
H.B'iO Southern Railway prefd 68M1
2.200 Texas & Pacific 20»i
16.100 Union Pacific 'W,
3.3S5 Union Pacific prefd 81H
8,200 Wabash 9^
2,110 Wabaeh prefd 22
4.600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 1O>4
L0O0 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 27H
700 Wisconsin Central 11
400 Third Avenue 116
315 l;eltlmore & Ohio prefd 851
LViO National Tube 61U
650 National Tube prefd 1O3',4
Express Companies —
Adams ......142
American 165
United States 61
Wells Farco 133
Miscellaneous —
1.000 American Ootton Oil S0»i
125 American Cotton Oil prefd 91
American Malting 6
200 American Malting prefd 26
7.9£5 American Smeltlns & Ref 65%
1.200 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... S7'i
American Spirits 2
American Spirits, prefd 17
2,650 American Steel Hoop 23%
£20 American Ste*l Hoop prefd 77
17.000 American Steel & Wire 42»;
800 American Steel A Wire prefd S5%
8.W0 American Tin Plate 47"H
£50 American Tin Plate prefd I9i,i
13,150 American Tobacco 107H
700 American Tobanco prefd.. 130
21.700 Anaconda Mining Co 47«i
£.500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 72H
8,455 Colorado Fuel fc Iron n\Z
8,400 Continental Tobacco S5 l 4
L570 Continental Tobacco prefd 90H
S7.S00 Federal Steel B2>4
1. 000 Tederal Steel prefd 76fi
8,350 General Electric 171%
Glucose Suzar 62H
Glucose Sugar prefd 100
International Paper t2*i
S00 International Paper prefd 7*^4
Laclede Gas 70
National Biscuit 36H
National Biscuit prefd 31%
•00 National Leal 18 H
National Lead prefd 72%
8,600 National Steel 37'
National Steel prefd J>SU
New York Air Brake 165
9.K0 North American 19%
Faelfio Coast 671,4
Pacific Coast 1st prefd RS
Pacific Coast Sd prefd 65
710 Pacific Mall 44H
11,810 People's Gau 85*4
700 Pressed Btecl Car.. 49^
L250 Pressed Steel Car prefu 84
124 Pullman Palace Car 201
200 Standard Roi>e & Twine B
17.600 Sugar .' 12»JVi
Sugar prefd mti
13,750 Tennessee Coal & Iron..... 62H
1.700 United States Leather i3Vi
1.015 United States Leather prefd 73\i
8.810 ITniteO States Rubber 28»i
2,116 United States Rubber prefd 8OV4
620 Western Union 82%
l,DO0 Republic Iron & Steel Co..... 15%
600 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd... ... 65
SKSSstWBHSJ* -
tdjustment of anthracite affairs Involved in
the abandonment of this plan would be of great
tapcrtance. as was plainly shown by the buoy
ancy of all the stocks in the group. No author
itative confirmation could be had of the re
ports current, but the record of the tape was
Btrongly confirmatory, the gains In the group
running from 1 to 3 points. There was some
demand from London on account of the open-
Ing cf a new account Incident to the settle
ment, but this buying is called professional
arbitrage operation and may originate either
in New York or in London. The most marked
effect was produced on Southern Pacific, which
opened up 1U and advanced later to 43, clos
ing at the highest. The belief has prevailed
in 'Wall street that there was . a very heavy
ehort account in some of the railroad stocks
for which Western speculators were liable,
the Epeculation extending also Into the steel
stocks. The bear account In the latter troup
has been aimed at by the advance this we«k
and may have been reached In the railroad
group this afternoon.
The money market outlook continued threat
ening, so that the supposition is aroused that
to-day's buying is for the account of financial
interests which are independent of the' ordi
nary resources of the money market. The sub
treasury has already taken from the market
this week the sum of $2,2OS,O00. so that the
Inroad on the resources of the banks promises
to be as great this week as lt was last week.
The London money market was not affected
to-day by yesterday's sharp drop in the ster
ling exchange here and exchange rates fell
a further fraction. This may foreshadow an
acquiescence in the New York demand for gold.
The ehlpment from India to London of $2,500,
000 in gold in payment for silver may be in
tercepted and diverted to the New York mar
ket, as was done with the last similar ship
ment. but Its arrival in New York would be
too remote to affect the present situation, even
if lt were ascertained. Whatever the motive,
the strength in stocks was well maintained to
the close, except in the steel group.
The bond market was irregular. Total sales
per value. $4,045,000.
United States refunding 2s coupon advanced
H r«r cent on the last call.
ILAPRR 6s. IW — ! Do (Series B)U5^4 —
Market-st 6s...l28\ — | Do*19C$) 113 .112*;
Do 1st M 5S.121H — j Do <1912) 121 —
N C N G R 7s. — 114 S P R 1st g 6s.lO7H —
N R of Cal 6s.ll4»i — !S P R 8s 131i» —
Do 5s 1C8 — S V Water 6».114\ —
N Cal Ry 5s...ll0U — Do 4a 1034 —
Oak G L & H.110% — Do 2d mtge.. — 10*
OaJt Tran 6S...U9 120'J Stktn Gas «s..l01 1C3
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70*; 71'i Spring Valley. 93H —
Marln County. 51V» —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent LAP-Co— 4VPac L Co — 44
Equit G L Co. 3% 4 : Sac E GAR Co — —
Mutuel L Co. — JH'S T G * B.... 4S 4.'>»j
O G L & H 50 50>* San Francisco 4 ! £ |%
] Pac Gas Imp.. 45 44 'Stktn G4E Co— 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's F*und.22Tij —
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 74 77 First Natlonal.JW —
Bank of Cal. ..409 — Lon P & A... .143 —
Cal S D *l T.. -* 105% Merchants 1 Ex li»i —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... — 1900 fSav & L So... — —
Hum 8 & L... — — I Sec Sav B'«...26O —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — 1 Union T Co — —
S F Bav Un...52O — I
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....WO 132HO S L <t H.... 83 —
I Geary-st 45 — iPresidio 17 21
I Market-st 70U — |
; POWDER STOCKS.
California — 160 Vlgorlt l*i 3-H
I Giant Con Co. — —
( SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7\i VA Kllauea SCa.n. H»4
Haw C & S Co 90 — Makaweli 3 Co «% —
Honokaa S Co. KM 32 Onomea S Co. 2S4 —
Hutch S P Co. 25«i 28 Paauhau S Co. Sl»l 3?i
MISCELLANEOUS BTOCK3.
Al Pack Assn.lTS>4123ii Pac A F A... 2% —
Cal Fruit Asn.l03Vi — Pac C Bor Co. — —
Mer Ex A«sn.. 97 1C0 Par Paint Co.. W* —
Oceanic S Co.. 104 10«
Mornins Session.
Board—
20 California-street R R 130 00
100 Contra Costa Water 71 M
25 Giant Powder Con S4 oi>
125 Honokaa. S Co 31 50
100 Kllauea. Sugar Plantation Co 21 00
50 Makaweli 42 00
100 Market-street Railway 70 50
6 Onomea Sugar Co 23 50
250 8 F Gas & Electrio Co. 45 50
115 S F Gaa & Electric Co 45 75
00 S F Gas & Electric Co. • 30 45 JO
50 S F G*s & Electrio Co. s 30 45 25
! $40,000 S F &. S J V bonds 120 00
5 Spring Valley Water . 93 87^
Street—
60 Makawel! , .....— 41 75
AfUrnoon Session.
Board-
SO Equitable Gaa 4 15
CO Equitable Gas -. « 4 50
fO Equitable Gas 4 00
200 Equitable Gas 3 874
10O Equitable Gas. s 90 4 CO
100 Equitable Gaa. s 90 3 <*:'»
125 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.... 90 00
£0 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.... 83 75
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.... 83 50
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 75
50 Makaweli. b 2 _ 42 CO
50 Makaweli. b 10 42 CO
15 MakaweU - 43 00
5 Oakland Gaa 50 (¦>•
$1,000 Oceanic S S bond* __U9 87*i
ISO S F Gaa &. Electric Co 45 S3
100 S F Gaa A Electric Co 45 r.^
12a S F Gas & Electrio Co. • 30. 45 25
175 S F Gas & Electric Co. s SO 45 U^i
$1,300 U S 3s bonds 103 73
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANG E.
Mornlnr Session.
Board—
SCO Cala-Standard S3
S50 Four Oil Co 59
100 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River - 43
fO Hanford-Fresno-Kern River..—... 44
10 K«rn Oil Co 15 Oil
10 Kern River ~ IS 50
ttt> Occidental of West Virginia. 71
10 Oil City Petroleum 34 O
10 Oil City Petroleum, b (0 35 00
2.700 Petroleum Center 23
2.0>0 Petroleum Center, b XO ~ 23
COO Reed Crude Oil Co 4S
i;0 Twenty-eight I 43
Street—
10O Lion Oil Co S3
Afternoon Session.
Board—
500 Cala-Standard - V
500 Cala-Standard 36
CCO Cala-Standard 33
400 Caribou 55
1.800 Four Oil Co 55
100 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 45
JOrt Home Oil 4 43
1,000 Independence 23
S0<) Monarch of Arizona 40
SCO Monte Crlsto 150
ICO Occidental of West Virginia. ...- 70
400 Occidental of West Virginia ff»
100 Occidental of West Virginia. 63
10O11 City Petroleum 30*1
1,000 Petroleum Center 22
700 Petroleum Center 23
1.000 Re^d Crude Oil Co 43
Street—
SCO Petroleum Center 23
150 Independence 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WASHINGTON. D-c. 11.— The statement of
the Treasury balances In the general funds, ex
clusive cf the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the di
vision of redemptions, shows: Available cash
balance, $137,956,061; gold, $4S,9C1,CSS.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Dec 11.— Close: Money on call
firm at 4iA®6 per cent; last loan. 4H per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4V4@5 per cent. Ster
ling exchange weak, then steadier with actual
business in bankers 1 bills at $4 S4*i@4 S4V4 for
demand and at 4 S0H for 6lxty days: posted
rates, $4 El%®4 82 and $4 S5H©4 86; commercial
bills, $4 60^. Silver certificates. 64V4S65C. Bar
bilver. 64Hc Mexican dollars, KO^c. Govern
ment bonds firm; Btat* inactive: railroad bonds
Irregular.
Nezu York Money Market.
Atchiscn, 40H; Canadian Pacific. S9Vi: Union
Pacific preferred, 83»i; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 85'/i; Grand Trunk. 1614; Anaconda, 9ft.
Bar silver, steady, 29 13-lSd per ounce. Money,
2ff-?a per cent.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK, Dec. 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were rather more active to
day and there was a better tendency, although
the»-e is beginning to be talk of more Govern
ment borrowing for Transvaal expenditures,
which are so excessive that they cannot be
covered by temporary expedients, but demand
a big issue of consols. This, however, is
simply popular surmise. Americans formed an
excellent market, the London contingent buy-
Ing steadily, while New York strongly sup
ported the market. Eries continued to lead,
the Morgans buying freely. Northern Pacifies
and St. Paul were scarce. Anacondas rallied.
Money rates were unchanged. Silver was firm
on French tenders for S0.000 kilos.
London Market.
fJW . P C C & St Louis B6H
1.000 Amalgmated Copper 92ZJ
S11.700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U t£ " f Ttg 2s -- 104! /* N Y Cent lsts 109%
*>° a C0U P lOl-i N J Cent gen 5s..l27vi
Do Ss reg lOSVs Nor Pac 3s 70>i
Do 3s coup 1091, rjo 4s 105'i
Do new 4s reg. .138 ,N Y C 4 S L ta .107 3 i
r£ «mV 9 cou P- :3S *°r & W con 4s.. 99!*
Do old 4s reg....li4Vi Or Nav lsts 109
Do 4s coup 11514 Do 4s 102
Do 6s reg 112^ O S Line 6s 128
_P° 5s coup ....112% Do con 5s U7»i
?? ! ° f C 3-«5s....l24H Reading Gen 4s.... 92-vJ
n s «i *» M2& R G W lsts 100'|
Do adjt 4s ss% S L & I M con 5s. 113
Canada bo 2ds ...lOS'jjfs l & S F Gen 6s.i:9
r , D P 5? .......120 St P C & P lsts. .K04
Do S F deb os. .121 So Pac 4s 82»i
£ h .« a *° Term 4s.. 93 So Ry 5s 113*
£ 2 So. < 9 83l4|Standard R & T 6s 70
?v< £ *? 1<m4 Tex & Pac Ista....ll4
Erie Gen 4s 82U n 0 2ds 7S
Ft w & d c ists. 7s£ u p %f ?..: ::::::::io7v«
G«n Elee 5s 142 Wabaah lsts 116
Iowa Cent lsts ....Us* Do 2ds .1064
\, •% *Uni -{s ion* West Shore 4s ....115
M _w K & T 2ds 72% Wls Cent lsts 87»4
Do *s 94 |Va Centuries 94
MINING STOCKS.
Crown Point 09 Ophir «2
Con Cal & Va 1 SO Plymouth 08
S£t?* w( !? d «: 54 Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry.... 60 do prefd 7 00
HaJe & .lorcross.. IS Sierra Nevada .... 25
Homestaka « 00 Standard 195
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 90
rw^* 11 " Yellow Jacket 20
Ontuio 8 00 Brunswick 11
BOSTON STOCKS AND BOND3.
Money— Union Pacific ...... Tl
Call loana 4®5 Union Land 212
Time loan* ....4%@5H West End 9SV4
Stocks— Westlngh Elec ...54
Atchlson Zm Bonds
do Prefd 84 Atchison 4s 101
Ajn Sugar 126 N E G & Coke 5a.. 65
do prefd 114% Mining shares—
Bell Telephons ....153 Adventur* 6
Boston & Albany.. 2«K Allouez Mln Co..:. 2Vi
Boston & Maine... 196 Amalg Copper .... 92Vi
C B & Q 136H Atlantic 26'
Dorn Coal 3S?i Boston & Mont 327
do prefd 112 Butte & Boston SO
Fed Steel E2U Calumet & Hecla..S10
do prefd 76»i Centennial 16H
Fitchburg prefd ..188 iFranklln 15
Gen Eleo 17m i Humboldt 25
do prefd 146 Osceola 72»,4
Ed Elec 111 217 Parrot *'hi
Mex Cent 14 Quincy 172
Mich Telephone ... 85 Santa Fe Copper.. 6
N E G & Coke 11% Tamarack 275
Old Colony 201 Utah Mining 34
Old Dominion .... 27^j WInona 3%
Rubber 2SVj Wolverines 45h
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction tower. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat freights lower. Wheat dull.
Barley declined. Oats firm. Corn and Rye tending downward.
Hay and Feed stuffs in liberal receipt, but steady.
Beans and Seeds shozv no further change.
Potatoes in heavy receipt and easy. Onions firm.
The new Dairy Exchange fixes the prices for dairy products.
Fruit market sell supplied and quiet.
Dried Fruit, Nuts, Raisins and Honey neglected.
Provisions quiet at steady prices.
Hides in moderate demand. Wool and Hops dull.
Mutton and Lamb again advanced. Beef and Pork firm.
Six cars of Eastern Poultry in this week.
Game in liberal receipt, but good demand.
Cannel Ccal declined $2 per ton.
No cltange in Otis.
Local stocks and bonds moderately active.
Lively business in the oil stocks.
Increased exports of specie.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, ne-r.
4s ll^d; do, old, 4s 2d. Futures, steady; De
cember. 4s 2Hd; January. 3s 10'4d; March.
3s 9V4d.
WHEAT-Spot, quiet: No. 1 California, Ga
Hd; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 2Vsd; No. 2 red
Western winter, 69 HHd, Futures, steady;
December. 6s HVid: March. 6c Ud.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 11.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
Standard California, fis Sdgto 2V4d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets, partly cheaper; weather In Eng
land, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands, E?id.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Dec. 11.— Consols, 97«i: sliver.
29 13-16d; French rentes, lOlf 95c. Wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No.
1 Standard California, 30s 3d; cargoes Walla
Walla. 2Ss 9d: English country markets, steady.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Dec. 11.— Wheat dull, but un
changed; blueetem, 57c; club, 54c.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, Dec. 11.— Wheat is quiet, but
steady. Sales of Walla Walla were made to
day at 64c, but some of the exporters have
their limits from to a cent lower.
Cleared— British bark Muskoka for Queens
town with 129,969 bushels of wheat.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec 11.— Clearings, $547,
705; balances. $104,593.
Portland's Business.
Australian, scoured, spot prices; combing
superfine new, 73®75c; good, 65@70c; average,
62g67c. _____
Territory— Scoured basis. Montana and Wyo
ming: fine medium and fine, 17frlSc; scoured,
48c; staple, 5O@51c; Utah fine medium and fine,
16@17c; scoured, 47@4Sc: staple. 50c: Idaho fine
medium and fine, 15@lSc; scoured, 47@4Sc;
Etaple, 50c.
_BOSTOX, ..Dec. _!!¦— There has been a fair
inquiry for wool~thls week* and the demand
continues moderate. Manufacturers do not hes
itate to buv where they are in need of raw ma
terial. Prices are about the same as a week
ago. Quotations:
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 11.— The cotton market
opened at an advance of i@" points and mo
mentarily ruled firm on less of a break at
Liverpool than had been expected. Selling
soon became quite general and the market sold
off 17026. points from the top prices, after
which there was a feeble rally on covering and
pront-taking. The close was steady and un
changed to 8 points lower.
Nczu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 11.— The general market
for metals vai again extremely quiet, though
tin broke heavily at London as the result of
the bearish statistical position both In this
country and abroad. The close at London was
quoted at £110 10s. Locally tin was
weak and somewhat lower on bid prices, clos
ing wltb/sellers at $27028. Spelter ruled rather
quiet, but about steudy at nominally un
changed prices here and In London, $4 22*4®
4 27V4 and £1S 15s. respectively. Lead was dull
and nominally quoted at $4 37%. while lake
copper, though unchanged,' displayed an easy
undertone, following unsatisfactory advices
from abroad and closed easy at $17 for Lake
Superior and $16 62V4 for casting. Domestio
iron markets ruled dull and nominally un
changed despite firmer English markets, where
Glasgow closed firm at 62s Sd and Mlddlesboro.
56s. Locally we quote plglron warrants, $3 60©
10 50; foundry, Northern $13@18 50, Southern
$14 50f?15 75; soft Southern, «4f?15 75.
New York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000. Sheep, active, 10c
higher. Lambs, 10@15c higher. Good to cholw
wethers, $4 10^4 40: fair to choice mixed, $3 83
«?4 10: Western sheep, J4®l 40: Texas sheep.
J2 cCS^ 60; native lambs, $4g5 75; 'Western
lambs. S5®5 65.
CHICAGO. Dec. 11.— Cattle— Receipts, 60CO,
including 600 Texons. Steady to alow. Good
to prime steers, $5 33536 25; poor to medium,
J4 lOffj 30; selected feeders, $3 TSffJ 25; mixed
stockera, |2 25©3 65; cows, ?:' C0@4 15: heifers,
$2 6025; earners. |2#2 EO; bulls, $2 60®4 25,
calves, J3 COQS S5; Texas fed steer*. $4@4 80;
graFS staers, J3 ?S®4; bulls. S2 SOS'S 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 40.000; to-morrow,
40,000; left ever estimated, 85C0; BiJtlOc lower.
Top, *5; mixed anJ butchers. U 60® 5: good to
choice heavy. $4 7005: tough heavy, $4 6£^4 65;
light. $4 6C@4 97'4; bulk of sales, *4 R<ng4 8SH-
Chicago Livestock Market.
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease, 1S4.O0O bushels;,
afloat for and in Europe, decrease, 2,000,000
bushels; total supply, decrease. 2,1R4,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canr.da, east of the
Rocky Mountains, increase, 192.000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky. Mountains, decrease, 422,000 busheis.
NEW YORK. Dec. 11.— Special cable and tel
egraphic advices to Biadstreet's ehowthe fol
lowing changes In available supply as com
pared with Ia5t account:
Available Grain Supply.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.-Ji
Opening 20 30 21 fO
Closing 20 30 21 55
Flour-
Opening 26 10 27 55
Closing 26 13 27 60
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • Dec. Feb. Mar.
Opening 5 1114 .... <i %
Closing 6 1114 .... 6 \L
PARIS.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was quiet: creamery, 15@24c: dairy, 13@
17Vto. Cheese, active, 1OU0HV4C. Egg«, quiet;
fjt-sh, 26c.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30.000 14.000
Wheat, bushels ..197.000 21.C00
Corn, bushels 297.000 85,000
Oats, bushels 306.000 140.000
Rye. bushels g.ono 2,000
Barley, bushels. 87,000 18,000
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
11 62V4; lard, per 100 pounds. $7 12%©7 20; short
rib sides (loose), SS 25@6 EO; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), $5 87H@$ 13%: short clear sides
(boxed), $6 65@6 75; sugars, cut loaf, 6.22c; gran
ulated. 5.70c; confectioners* A. 5.65c; off A.
6.40c; clover, contract grade. $10®10 25.
Bay Co P Co.104'4 — Oak Water 6«..104H —
Cal-st Cab 23.119 — Oceanic SS Ss.UOVilll
C C Water 6s. 109 — Om C Ry 6s. ..123 129U.
Ed L & P «s...l31 - Pac G Imo 4s.l01 -
FiClRy 6s. — - P ft a Ry 6s. .1M -
Geary-st R 5s. — — P4ORR 61AUK —
H C & S 5^s.. ¦— — Powel!-«t R Ss.llS —
Do Ss 101% — Sac E GAR 5s. 99U100U
L A Ry 6s....ll0^ - S F & SJV 5s.ll9«i -
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 108 S R of Cal 6«.. — 113
Do gntd 6s. — , S P C 6s (1905
L A gntd 6«.... — 102 (Series A>....10tt& —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
TUESDAY. D*e. U-2 p. m.
> . UNITED STATES BONDS.
Hid. Ask. Bi<J Aek
4s.quar ooup.. 115^116 to do cp (new).i2S usu
4s do reg 1J4HH5 8a do coup 109% —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
There was a good .business on th« morning
session of the Bond Exchange with a decline
in Gas and Electric from $45 75 to $48 £5.
There was a fair business In oil stocks, with
higher prices for Four Oil and Petroleum Cen
ter.
The Hanford-Fresno-Kern River Oil Com
pany has levied an assessment of So, delinquent
January 8.
On the 15th the Oakland. San Leandro and
Haywards Electric Railway Company will pa y
a dividend of 20 cents per share and the Pre
sidio Railway Company one of 10 cents.
The California-street Cable Company will pay
a dividend of CO cent? per share, to-day.
The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 25 cents per share on the 15th.
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone and Tele
graph companies will pay the usual dividends
of 40 cents and 25 cents per share on the 15th.
The Kllauea Sugar Company will pay a divi
dend of 25 cents per share on the 15th.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay a
dividend of 75 cents per share to-day.
TUESDAY, Dec 11—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. BldAik.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 02 03
Alfa. • 03 M Kentuck — 03
Andes'":: 0? C8 Lady Wa«h .... - «M
Belcher « 1« Mexican ....... SI 33
Best * Belcher 28 27|Occldental ..... 04 C«
Bullion 03 03]Ophlr « m
Caledonia 35 2« Overman U 13
Chollar 1* UPotort 13 14
Challenge Con.. 20 22;Savage 07 OS
Confidence 57 If Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 35 1 40 ,Seg Belcher .... CJ oi
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. M 2J
Con New York. 01 — !Silv-r Hill 4> 81
E-ureka, Con.... — 33,St Louis ....... 18
Crown Point... 11 13:Standard I 06 Z 2*
Exchequer — 02iayndlcate 11 13
Gould & Curry 50 51 Union Coa IS 23
Hale A Norc... 1J 20 Utah OS w
Julia. — 03 Yellow Jacitrt.. tl 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Best & Belcher 2» SCO Con Cal A Va.l 45
200 Caledonia U 200 Mexican 32
300 Challenge Con. 21 200 Silver Hill tl
Afternoon Session.
200 Chollar « 200 Ophtr S3
1100 Con Cal A Va.l 40 300 Overman ...... 11
200 Con Cal A V.I 57H 3C0 Sierra Nevada. 27
Morning Session.
TUESDAY, Dec. U-3:» p. m.
STOCK. ' I Bid. Aalted.
Burlington 13 . —
California-Standard — 35
Caribou 66 53
Four 55 •-_ '.
Hanford — 121 00
Hanford-Fre»no-Kem River ... 42 —
Home 4 45 4 50
Kern 22 -
Kern River 10 CO 10 50
Lion Oil Co — n
McKlttrtck Consolidated — 42
Monarch of Arizona 4i> 41
McKlttrtck Oil Co 40 41
Occidental of W Va 6S —
Petroleum Center 23 23
Reed Crude 47 49
San Joaquin O &. D Co 9 CO 9 "
Shamrock — 35
Sterling O & D Co 2 50 2 55
Twenty-Eight' 3 45 2 «7*i
Westlake 21 . —
| WestiSnre S 25 —
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San 'FV«a
dsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlnff Session.
600 Best & Belcher 2S 500 Mexican 33
300 Caledonia M 200 Ophlr «3
100 Con Cal A Va..l 43 400 Savage 03
200 Con Cal & Va..l 40 20O Union Con ..... 24
Afternoon Session.
200 Chollar 15 2C0 Potosl 13
400 Con Cal tt Va..l 35 K0 Savage 07
200 Gould * Curry SO 75 Savage 08
300 Hale A Norc... 20 100 Sierra. Nevada. 2S
400 Mexican 31 IPO Syndicate 10
100 Ophlr & 1C0 Utah 0«
100 Overman U
Th» following were the sales In the Paxlfla
Stock Exchange yesterday:
THE STOCK MARKET.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 11.000 Bran, sks 5,349
Potatoes, sks .... 4.940 Middlings, sks .. 300
Onions, sks 213
FOR TUESDAY, DECEMBER 1L
Flour, qr sks 20.33S Pelts, bdls 153
Wheat, ctls 7.550 Hides, No. 378
Barley, ctls 6,340 Leather, roU» .. H
gats, ctls 900 Tallow, ctls .... 210
eans. sks 1.32« Quicksilver. r.k«. ii
potatoes, sks ... 4.139 Wine, gals 51.600
Onions, sks 1,3(55 Cheese, ctls 23
Bran, sks 560 Butter, ctls 265
Middlings, sks .. 1^3; Sugar, ctls 6G0
Hay, tons W>7 Ralstns, bxs .... 4.470
Rye. ctls 3O Ekks. doz 5.630
Receipts of Produce.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7UO
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7@7*ic, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $47 50<@4S 60 per flask for
local use and $45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c: Powdered, 5.76c; Candy Gran
ulated 5 73c: Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 8.S5o: Magnolia A. E.25c; Extra C.
5 15c; Golden C, 6.05c: barrels. 10c mere; half
barrels, 2Sc more; boxes, 5*) more: EO-Ib bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.40c: boxes, 6.65c per lb.
LUMBER — Retail prices are aa follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16©17; extra sizes, higher: Red
wood I1701S for No. 1 and $15018 for No. 2;
Lath 4 feet, $3 50^4: Pickets. $1S; Shingles.
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic. $20'8'28.
COAL OIL. GASOLENE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal OH, in bulk. 12c: Pearl Oil.
cases. 18c: Astral. 18c; Star. ISc: Extra Star,
22c: Elaine, 23c; Eoc-ne, 2Oc; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk, 144c; cases. 20Vic; Benzine,
bulk. 13M:c; cases. 19 : jc; S6-degree Gasoline,
bulk. 20c: cases. 26c p*r gallon.
TURPENTINE— 66c per gallon In cases and
60o In drums or Iron barrels.
Salvador— ll@13c for good to prims washed:
lC^10?ic for fair washed; HtH-Hc for good to
prime washed peaberry; 10*i©U>ie for • good
to prime semi-washed; — ©lOVic for superior
unwashed: 10(gi0'ic for good green unwashed;
lligll^c for good to superior unwashed pea
btrry; 7@8?4c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 13®16c nominal for prime to
fancy washed: 10^il2'^c nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; 9*i'910^c nominal for
gocd to superior unwashed: 11SH4C nominal
fcr good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13S 16c for prime to
/ency washed: ll l i 1 S12*ie for strictly good
washed; — #10Hc for good, washed: tKQIQViC
for fair washed; 959^ for medium; 6%ftS»ie
fcr inferior to ordinary: 12?? 13c for good to
prime washed peaberry; ll@114e nominal for
good to prime unwashed px?aberry: lfrglOHc
nominal for go<vl to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2Sg33c per lb: Sole
leather, medium, *6®30c: Sole Leather, light.
2e©£Sc- Rough Leather, heavy. 27028c; Rough
Leather, light. 25'926c: Harneoo Leather, heavy.
32'g3Sc; Harness Leather, medium, 30(937; Har
ness Leather, light. 29-S35c; Collar Leather. 15
fclfic per foot; Kip. ©finished. 40®50c per lb;
Veal, finished. £Otjo5c: Calf, finished, 75c^$l 20:
Sides, finished. 16817c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14ffl8c; Rough Splits. SfflOo per lb.
TAN"BARK— Ground, $26@28 per ton; Stick.
$15620 per cord.
OILS— California. Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1.
75c: pure. $1 30: Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
74c: raw. 72c; case?. 5c more; Lucol. 69c per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 70c; cases, 75c;
China Nut, 6O@70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
Oil. barrels. 65c; cases. 70c: Sperm, pure. 83c;
Whale Oil. natural white. S7H©<2«4c per gal
lon: Fish Oil. barrels, 35c: cases. 40c.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 13014c for prime
washed; lljpll'-ic for good washed: IS^ISc for
good to prime washed peaberry; ll©UHc for
good to prime peaberry: 11912c for good to
prime: l(>gl0?ic for good current mixed with
block beans; 9^<glOVic for fair; 7@S^c for com
iron to ordinary.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 12Vic per lb;
Sls-al sizes and bale rope. 9c; Duplex, 6c.
Terms. 60 days or U4 per cent cash discount.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb. 3c;
cases, 3Hc; cases, extra large, 4o; cases, imi
tation Eastern, 5c; Boneless. 4'ic: Norway.
Strips. <Vac; Narrow Gauge, *\c; Sliver King.
6c; Blocks Oriental. 4»ic; Seabrlght. 5c: Tab
lets, «c; Middles. Golden State. 6>4c: Middles.
White Seal, 7c; 5-lb boxee fancy Boneless, SVjo;
Desiccated, per dozen, 75c: Pickled Cod. barrels,
e&ch, *6 50; Pickled Cod, half-barrels, each,
$a 75.
i Harrison's circular eaya: "Since th* Marl
posa left the following coal-laden vessels hav«
arrived from Australia, viz.: Invercoe, 230O
tons; Drumburton. 2363; Thistlebank, 3870;
total. S933 tons. Since the Newcastle product
has lost its local prestige here, on account of
the shrinkage in Its shipments and its high cost
delivered here, in all contracts now made for
future fuel by our large consumers colonial coal
is entirely eliminated. Of course there will
bo a limited demand annually for Newcastle
coal, as it is preferred by some to the northern
fuel, even at enhanced prloes, although the
present existing difference is large. The local
call for coal at Newcastle and Sydney Is now
so brisk that but Hula attention Is given to
this market, as the product of the principal
cclllerles Is sold into the middle of 190L Brit
ish Columbia and Washington are keeping us
gtnerously supplied, so that there will be no
danger of a scarcity this winter of either steam
or domestic grades. There is a marked dlffer
erce In the asking prices of these, as the pro
ducers of the best qualities of house fuel are
limited in numbers and they do not overload
the market with their output, hence values are
well sustained. Next year crude oil will be
delivered here in large quantities and compe
tition will be so sharp that low figures must
prevail. Where fuel figures largely in the
idonthly expenses of some of our factories oil
will necessarily come to their rescue and will
cause the reopening of a large number of
others."
COAL— Cannel Is lower. Wellington. $9 per
ton; Southfield Wellington, (9; Seattle, t"; Bry
ant, $7; Coca Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, J9; Co-opera
tive Wallsend. $3- Cumberland. $12 in bulk and
$13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Cannel. 110 per ton; Colte. $15 per ton in
bulk and $18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions, $S 45 per 2000 lbs and }S 50 per ton, ac
cording to brand.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, 15 J5; Calcutta.
Grain Bags. June and July, 6«»c; Wool Bag:.
2S\iQZ2\ic; Fleece Twine. 7Hc; Fruit Bags.
6!iQ6>io for white and S",;tr?\o for bleached
Jute.
CANNED FRUIT— Extras In 2^t-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, $1 60; Cherries, $2
for black and f2 for Royal Anne; Grapes, II 35;
Peaches, $1 63 "SI 75; Pears. $1 S3; Plums. $1 35<3
1 40; Quinces, $1 65; Strawberries. $1 75.
General Merchandise.
LAMB-KVtlOHc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5Hc for small and 5*ic for
medium and 6i£@S?&c for l»r;?f?; stock Hogs and
feeders, uitja'-ic; dressed Hogs. 7*4!f»S*jc.
Mutton and Lamb have again advanced. Be«f
is steady and Veal firm. All these descriptions
are in very light eupply. Hogs have not
changed for several weeks, as the demand ana
supply about balance.
BEEF— 73Sc for steers and &8&ic per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large. »@9c; small. 9fJ>10c P«r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9<g«Hc; Ewes. 9c per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follow*:
Northern, free. 15®l«c; Northern, defective. 12
@14c; Middle County, free. 14©l«c: Mlddl*
County, defective, 12;gl4c; Southern Mountain.
12 months'. S'SlOc; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9<811c: Humboldt and Mendoclno.
16<317c; Nevada. 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6H®*«: d ° l»mb». 8
©9c; Middle County. 9«10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10«Tllcf Southern Mountain. 7V493Hc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 12@13c per lb.
HOPS— 12@16c per lb.
and $2 for medium. $1 SO for small and 50c for
colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for larfe, 1160
for medium, $1 25 for small and 25@5Oc for colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 16c; fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 17tt©
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4#4V4c per lb: No.
2. 3%c; grease. 2#2Hc
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light, PAc; Cow
hides. 9c for heavy: and SHe for light; Stags.
6Vic; Salted Kip. »Hc; Baited Veal. 9V>c; Salfd
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides.. l$c; culls. 14c: Dry Kip.
16c; Dry Calf, I6igl7c; culls and brands,
14c; Sheepskins, ehee.rllngs, 201W0c each; short
Wool. 30(!750c each; medium,' 60®85c; long Wool.
75c#$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 SO for large
There Is a little something doing in Wool and
Hops at previous prices, though neither can be
called ectlva. - : ¦ •
Commission merchants report no difficulty in
selling Hides at the quotations, and the mar
ket is steady. ' .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrejs. . 8%c; three
half-barrels. 8Uc: one tierce. 8Hc;two tierces.
8c; five tierces, 7%c per Ib. -* .
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11011^0 per lb fo
beavy. HHgl2c for light'mvdlum. 12V4©13c for
light, 13'-tei4c for extra light and 13®15Vic for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lltjjfir
12c: M>sb Beef, $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess
113 ;. Family. $H; extra Prime Pork. $16: extra
clear. $19 50: Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound. ;>¦ '\«:- '•
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6^c «r lb for coro
licund and 9»-;c for pur?: halfllarrels, pure
9%c: 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tlns.fllJSc.
December is always a | dull month In this
market and the present month is no excep
tion. Prices are maintained, however, and
there Is no change. :¦".••.. •..;'",iV
Provisions.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices for the
pecson of 19CO: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choke, lie; standard, S**c;' prime, ?c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy. 10V4c per lb: choice SHfc:' standard, S%c:
prime. 8c: unbleached Sultanas. 8c: Seedless.
SO-lb boxes, 6Vjc; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers,
2-crown. $160 per box: 3-crov.n, $160; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. S2E0: Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS — Chestnuts. 6«37c per lb for California
and 12o for Italian; Walnuts, No. I soft-shell,
lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell. 10c; No. 2,
7Hc; Almonds. 12®13c for papershell. SijHlc for
softFhell: Peanuts, 6«?6c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts. 13c: Filberts, 13c; Pecans. Iigi3e; Co
coanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 13%?T14%e for bright and 13^
@13e for light amber; water white, extracted,
7%@Sc; light amber, extracted, 6V4@7c; dark,
G^f-Hc per lb..
BEESWAX- 24(S26c per lb.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes. 3c:
4O-5Cs, 7c: 50-fi0s. o%c: 60-70*, 3%c; 7O-80«. 3^c;
80-908. 2*ic; 90-lOOs, 2Vic; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles, *io premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
qulns, Vic less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6®
8c for Royals and NMJlOVjc for Moorparlcs;
Evaporated Apples, G4£6c: sun-dried. SH@4'ic;
Peaches, 4®5c for standard. 5-gGc for choice
and 614070 for fancy: Pears, 2®7c; i Plum?,
pitted, f^6Hc: unpittPd, l@lHe: Nectarines. 6®
5%c for red and BltQ'fc for white. !
The Eastern Ratsln market is demoralized,
as will be seen In the first column. Here
there Is no change in anything, the whole
market— Fruits, Xuts. Raisins and- Honey
being neglected at the old prices.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market continues dull and featureless.
Apples are in free supply at prices which have
ruled for some time. There are not many Pears
on the market. Persimmons are dull and cheap.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes continue in am
ple supply for the demand and prices show lit
tle change. The continued cool weather is
8~alnst the market.
Supplies of Cranberries are very light and
hl<rh prices still rule.
DECIDUOUS FHUITS—
APPLES — 30®60c per box for common and
65c^Jl for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, 75c©
Jl 25; Oreeon Spltzenbergs, Jl@l 23; Lady Ap
ples. $1 75©3 per box.
PEARS— :>Cc®$l 60 oer box.
PERSIMMONS— 25(9 75e per box.
CRANBERRIES — Jerseys. JU 50: Cape Cod.
$13^13 50 per barrel; Coos Bay. J2 50@2 75 per
box.
STRAWBERRIES— J5S7 per chest for Molln
dp S .
RASPBERRIES— None in.
GRAPES— Are no longer worth quoting.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 25@2 50;
Seedlings. Jlljrl 50: Tangerines. 75eS$2; Jap
anese Mandarins, $1 60<J?l 75; Lemons, 25c<S$l 25
for common and $1 SOT/I 75 for (rood to choice;
Grapo Fruit, $1@2 50: Mexican Limes. J4S$4 50;
California Limes, SS^Joc; Bananas, $1@2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples, $1*52 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage— California fancy. 30c: standard, ;
Eastern, fancy, 2TVjc; standard, ; seconds.
California ranch— Selected white, 44c; mixed
colors, 12c per dozen.
California Gathf-red— Fancy, ; standard,
; seconds, .
Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, 32%c: sec
ond*, .
EGGS—
CHKESE— Fancy, full cream, 13c; choice, lie:
common, nominal; Eastern, full cream, 15@1Gc
per lb.
Ke^— rOc per lb.
Storage— Creamery extras, :3c; firsts, 21c; sec
onds, .
Dairy — Firsts, ; seconds, .
Pickle— 21c per lb.
Butter and Eggs continue In good shape for
producers, stocky being light and prices high,
though the cost tends to check consumption, as
frequently pointed out of late. It is the im
pression that top prices have been seen.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, Me: firsts. 2Sc; seconds.
The newly organized Dairy Exchange held its
first meeting yesterday and established the
quotations which appear below. Henceforth the
dally quotations will be establlsh^-d at the reg
ular session at 11:30 o'clock. It will be a good
thing for the producer, commission merchant
and retailer, as it will establish a settled mar
ket, something that has not been known in this
line of trade for years. •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Arrivals of Game were about 150 ske, but a
brisk demand cleaned them up readily.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13614c for Gob
blers and 13£14c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,
Ilfil8c; Geeee, per pair. $1 75@2; Goslings. $1 75
C2; Ducks, J3@4 for old and $195 50 for young;
Hens, $3<S4 50; Young Rocsters. $4; Old Roos
ters. $3 5CiH: Fryers, $3 50(34; Broilers, $3 50(34
fcr large and $3iQ3 25 for small; Pigeons, U per
dozen for old and $1 76®2 for Squabs
GAME-Quall. $1 23; Mallard. *3 5<Xg4 50: Can
vasback. $326; Sorlg. $2 60^2 75; Teal Jl 'J)®
1 75: Widgeon, $1 50: Small Duck. $1@1 25; Black
Jack, $1 50: Gray Geere, $3; White Geese, $1®
Jl 50; Urant, $1 ?.O for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. $4 50: English gnipe, Jl 5t>31 75; Jack
Snipe, U 25; Hare. $1 25«il 50; Rabbits, $1 50 for
CottontaH and $1 for Brush; Doves. 65c per
dozen.
Poultry and Game.
One car of Eastern Poultry came in, mak
ing: six thus far this week. The market was
dull, and prices were low and weak, except
for Turkeys, which were in light supply and
soon demand.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3@5c per lb;
String Beans, 4$8c; Cabbage, Me; Tomatoes,
75tffS5c for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, Los An
gelos, 5®?c per lb; Green Peppers from Los An
geles, 3-gSc per lb; Dried Peppers. 9Sllc; Dried
Okra. 10<3>15c per lb; Carrots. 25<335c per box;
Cucumbers. 75c; Summer Squash, 75c@|l; Gar
lic, 4g5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12 per ton;
Mushrooms, 5®12»£c per lb.
POTATOES— River Reds, 75c; Burbanks, 35®
65c for River and 90c©»l 10 per ctl for Sa
llnae and 65c®Jl for Oregon; Sweets, KXgToc
for River and 90c@U for .Merced.
ONIONS— $1 E0@l 75 per ctl; Cut Onions. *1®
1 25 Der ctl.
Receipts of Potatoes continue heavy, but
little change in prices is reported. Onions rule
firm, with moderate supplies. Sweet Potatoes
are in rather light supply. There is nothing
new <n Vegetables.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There Is nothing new in Beans. Receipts are
light and white descriptions are very firm.
Seeds are as previously quoted.
BEANS- Bayos. $2 C3fi2 73; Small White.
14 20(34 30; Large White. $3 20*T3 SO; Pink, $2ig
2 15; Red. J3@3 25; Blackcye. W; Limas. $5 35;
Pea. S4$N 25: Red Kidney, $3 75® 4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 30®-2 75: Canary.
3ftc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7%®9Hc; Rape. 2V<.®3c; Hemp. 4£4Hc;
Timothy. 4itM%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nile?. $1 75©2 25; Green. $2 75
©3 per ctl; Blackeye. $1 73®2 25.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer; $3@3; Wheat, $11@13 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10012 50; Oat. $3012; /Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $S(S3 50; Barley. $7 50©9 50
per ten.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Quotations for all descriptions remain a« be
fore. RecelDts of Hay have, been liberal for
eorne days, but prices have not been affected.
Bran is steady, though arrivals are increasing.
BRAN'— 114 oO(?15 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- $16 50<f/19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16317 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J2»@26; jobblnp,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17{71S: Corn Meal. $261?
26 50; Cracked Corn. J26 50®27; Mixed Feed, $13
Cf'16. ¦ -
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks areas fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, *2 75; Rye
Meal, J2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 60; Hom
iny. I3 506S75; Buckwheat Flour,. $404 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 60: 'Farina. $150; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), *6@
7 25; In sacks, ?5 7o<@7: Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peao. |5; Green Peas, |5 50 per 100 lbs.
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 .per barrel for family and
J2 75W-3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers".
J2 7503.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, l'JOU.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
6*n Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy 'Wednes
day; probably showers; light northerly chang
ing to southeasterly winds.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE^
Forecast OXflclal.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday
Northern California— Cloudy Wednesday,
with litht showers In northern portion and
along ttie coaet Wednesday; light northerly
winis la the valleys; southeasterly on the
coart.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northerly wind*.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
Utah — Cloudy Wednesday.
The teicj>erature has remained nearly sta
tionary west of the Rocky Mountains. In the
Sacramento and San Joaquln valleys cold
weather with tule fo? still prevails. In South
ern California the temperatures are nearly nor
mal.
Rain has fallen at N>6h Bay and Portland.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight December 12:
The jjreesur* has fallen rapidly during the
past twelve hours alone the Oregon coast.
There are some Indications of the approach
cf a low which will strike the coast near the
mouth cf the Columbia River. This disturb
ance may cause rain Wednesday as far south
ae Ban Kranclsco.
ro RECAST.
San Frandsco data: Maximum temperature
E2; minimum, 44; mean. <&.
WEATHTR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Wh.
8
STATIONS.
| Last I This !
ZK Hours! Ee&son. ]
I Last
I Seeson.
r i
Eureka
Red BluS
fcjacranerito
Pan Francisco ...
PVetno
Independence ....
ban L'^ls OWepo.
\Sj% Armeies
Fan Diero
0.W 14.9J
0.00 t.Ci
o.oo 6.:o
0.00 6.£5
0.00 4. S3
0.00 3.22
0.00 8.C6
0.00 6.79
0.00 l.TJ
23. £9
T.T2
7.E2
i.Oi
8.81
1.22
5.33
2.61
1.2S
STATIONS.
| Last I This !
ZK Hours! Ee&son. ]
I Last
I Seeson.
r i
Eureka
Red BluS
fcjacranerito
Pan Francisco ...
PVetno
Independence ....
ban L'^ls OWepo.
\Sj% Armeies
Fan Diero
0.W 14.9J
0.00 t.Ci
o.oo 6.:o
0.00 6.£5
0.00 4. S3
0.00 3.22
0.00 8.C6
0.00 6.79
0.00 l.TJ
23. £9
T.T2
7.E2
i.Oi
8.81
1.22
5.33
2.61
1.2S
AUCTIOrSALES
GREAT AUCTION SALE
Tborongfabred Yearlings
AND OLDER HORSES FROM
SANTA ANITA STOCK E*AR3i.
(E. J. Baldwin, Prop.)
RAKCHO DEL SIERRA.
<Theo. Winters, Prop.)
ONEONTA STOCK FARM.
. «E. D. McSweeny. Prop.)
Comprising sons and daughters of Amlro.
Rey el Santa Anita. N'omad. Santiago. Rey d«J
Sierra.*. El Rio Rey. Lordllke and Emperor of
Norfolk. «n<i th» choicest mam on thew farms.
THIS (WEDNESDAY) KVENINO. DEC. 12-
Commenclne at 7:43, at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
Horses at yard. Catalogues ready.
WM. G. LATSG, Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
AT
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327
SIXTH ST.
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAT. DECEMliEK 12. AT 11 A. M.
By Order of Mayor Phelan.
We will sell a lot of Fire Department horses,
also 30 head of good, young horses from the
country.
SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.Charcoal caricatures '. . .Callahan
Selections The Elks' Quartet
Song A. R. Newhard
Acrobatic exhibition Bregers and Oleen
Comic specialty De-mins and Carroll
The chorus is composed of the following
singers :
Fred Evans, E. G. Wixom, A. Newhard, Pete
Present6 Back" Ed Johnson
Barytone solo, ••There'll. Never Be One Like
You" A. C. Read
Comic specialty Miss Beulah Campbell
Comic song;, "I Couldn't Stand to See My
Eaby lioea" Jack Heaney
Teror solo, "Tell Me" J. F". Veaco
Comic pong. "Just Because She Made Them
Goo-Goo Kyes" Lee Andrews
Ba?s solo. "The Hermit" W. H. McDonald
Comic poke, "Every Race Has a Flag But
the Coon" Billy Dlckerson
Selected Orchestra
PAllT TWO.
OAKLAXD, Dec. 11.— Members of
the Reliance Club will appear in
black face at the Macdonough
Theater to-morrow night for the
benefit of the club. The boys
have made every preparation to ensure
the success of the evening's entertain
ment.
Felton Taylor will be interlocutor, and
Lee Andrews, Jack Heaney, Billy Dlck
crBon and Ed Johnson will hold down the
ends. The programme follows:
PART ONE.
"Bugle Call" Chorus
Opening chorus, "The Handicap"
Tenor solo, "My Dream of
Algernon Aspland
Comic sons. "Just Come Up and Take Your
The Daingerfleld-Graham election con
test will open before Judge Murasky this
morning. The action was called yester
day, but owing to a Jury case being on
trial a continuance was ordered.
Daingerfield Contest Called.
OAKLAND, Dec. . IL— The County
Clerk's office issued the following mar
riage licenses to-day: Frank Clifton of
San Francisco, aged. 28, to marry Minnie
Gertrude Look of San Francisco, aged 27;
Edward F. Murray of Aberdeen. Wash.,
ajsred 28, to marry Florence Rasor of Oak
land, aged 23;. James C. Cockerill of San
Francisco, aged SO, to marry Bertha G.
Walte of San Francisco, aged 29.
Oakland Marriage Licenses.
"California Wild Flower." "Violet,"
"Poppy" find little "Chinese" are the best
calendars for Kastern friends. Ready tor
mail at Sanborti <fe Vail's, 741 Market St.*
Dirby Laydon appeared for sentence In
the United States District. Court yester
day morning-, he having been convicted
by a Jury of a violation of the Federal
statute prohibiting the working of men
on Government contracts for more than
eight hours per day. His attorney, P. F.
Dunne, asked for a new trial and the re
quest was denied. Judge de Haven then
pronounced sentence. Imposing a fine of
$200. A stay of ten days was granted.
Darby Laydon Fined §200.
Jerry Dolan and his wife Mary had a
dispute at the breakfast table yesterday
morning which culminated in his kicking
her. She fell to .the floor and he left the
house and went to his work as a teamster
with C. B. Bode. Later on during "the
morning Mrs. Dolan's neighbors heard
her moaning, and on going to her aid
they found her lying on the floor unable
to rise. The ambulance was sent for and
the woman removed from her home at 33
Victor street- to' the Emergency Hospital.
After the broken limb was set she was
removed to the City and County Hospi
tal. Dolan was arrested later in the day.
Charged With, Breaking Wife's Leg.
Doctors Admitted to Bail.
Judge Conlan . decided yesterday that
Drs. G. W. O'Donnell and E. A. Bohm
charged with the murder of Mm Annie
Giddings should be admitted to bail.
O'Donnell's bonds were fixed at $10 000
and Bohm's at $5000. O'Donnell at once
gave bonds, his sureties being his wife,
Mrs. Elizabeth O'Donnell, and his father
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. Bohm is still in
prison.
Alvln Demuth, the portrait painter, at
2131 O'Farrell street, who bared his wife's
throat and played around It with a razor
for fifteen minutes threatening to kill her
again appeared before Judge Conlan yes
terday. The Judge ordered him to keep
the peace in $1000 bonds, and failing to
provide the bonds he was sentto Jail.
Matthew Collins, special officer, who
was accused of an assault with a deadly
weapon, had the case dismissed by Judge
Mogan yesterday.
street was* putted by flre at 8 o'clock last
evening. The alarm was turned In from
box 265 et the corner of Main and Mission
streets and when the apparatus arrived
the flames were bursting through the win
dows and roof.
There was considerable inflammable ma
terial in the building, which made good
fuel for the flre. The blaze started on the
ground floor in the back part of the repair
room and spread over the entire building,
which la a two-story wooden affair,
hemmed in by other wooden structures,
which were saved, only by quick, effective
work on the part of the firemen. The loss
Is J2000.
FIRE DAMAGES WHITE
BROS.' WAGON FACTORY
Blaze Starts in Rear of the Repair
Room From Unknown
Cause.
White Bros.' wagon factory at 47 Beale
Three ¦ interesting new numbers were
given by the club, under the accustomed
direction of David W. Loring: "Sour
Wine" (Weinzieri); "Spring Matins," by
Franz Behr, in which the tenor solo was
well undertaken by Clarence Wendell,
and .the Mendelssohn "Parting Song.'*
The club work was good, as usual, though
the opening number, a Rhelnberger roun
delay, was not, at the beginning, on pitch.
Mendelssohn's "Cup-bearer" was espe
cially well given. . .
The club was assisted by Miss Anna
Virginia Metcalf, soprano; Julius A.
Haug, violin; Frank Howard, 'cello, and
Miss Ruth A. Loring at the piano.
¦ Miss Metcalf, who was heard In : San
Francisco for the first time, gave the
Bemberg "Chant Hindoo," Rubinstein's
"Since First I Met Thee," "Si j'Etais
Jardinier" (Chaminade) and "The Swal
lows," by Cowen. Miss Metcalf has a
sweet, sympathetic but not large voice
of pretty Quality. .
The second concert of the twenty-fourth
season of the Lorlng Club was given last
evening at Native Sons' Hall to a crowded
house.
Loring Club Concert.
Two Vacancies on. Comxnission,
Governor Gage and the president of the
State Board of Agriculture were in con
sultation yesterday in reference to the
selection of a permanent secretary of the
board. While this appointment is one of
the privileges of the board, It will, by
consent, be exercised by Governor Gage
and the meeting yesterday was held to
learn the wishes of the Governor. Gage
Is not yet ready to announce his decision
and will not be until h« fills two vacancies
which will occur in the membership of
the board in February. Through the offi
cers whom he. will- then appoint he will
indicate his choice for secretary.
This important position Is now held tem
porarily by Peter J. Shields, a newly
elected Superior Judge of Sacramento.
When Mr. Shields was elected to the
bench he was permanent secretary of the
Board of Agriculture. He submitted his
resignation and was j>ersuaded to remain
temporarily in the position.
SECRETARY OE STATE
BOARD OP AGRICULTURE
Governor Gage Will Dictate the Ap
pointment as Soon as He Fills
More . than five hundred people were
present on Sunday at the flagr raising at
tho town of Richmond, the terminus of
the Santa Fe road on San Pablo Bay. In
the short tpace of a few weeks nearly two
hundred persons have located in the new
town, all of whom are employes of the
Santa Fe. I>ast week It was decided to
celebrate the birth of the town by. a flag
raising, and the event was scheduled to
take place last Sunday.
The stars and stripes were hoisted on
Tewksbury track at 2 p. m. and a pleasant
augury of the future was the breaking
of the sun through the heavy fog, which
had hung over the town all the morn
ing.
The flag and pole were donated by Wil
liam Thomas, and F. F. Carlson raised
Old Glory, amid the plaudits of those
present, and a salute or twenty-one guns
was fired by William Southa, Joseph
Numes, O. Brook, J. P. Agree, W. Paris
and F. Torn. Among: the residents of the
town of Richmond who took part In tho
celebration were F. Farrell, George El
mat, W. Bell, W. G. Garreitz, W. Atkin
son, M. Coleman. G. H. Huntinpton. J.
Nunes, W. M. Coan, G. W. LJston. A.
Mannard, J. Softer, B. Critchett, Mrs. D.
Crltchett, S. D. Higgins and wife, Mrs.
L. Lister. Charles Addington. G. Wick
nash. J. FrateB. Ed Nugent, George Ellis,
W. Halllday, Jerry Edwards and Frank
Edwards.
Santa Fe Terminal en Fete on Sun-
day at a Celebration of Its
FLAG-RAISING AT THE
NEW TOWN OF RICHMOND
Many think ale is alike— until 'they drink
Evans', then wonder why there Is any other.
Ideal brewing and botutof. All ittlef* '
Another of those very delightful
entertainments for which the: Na
tional • Union Social , and Literary
Club Is noted will be given In Odd
Fellows' Hall • to-night, when the
following programme will be presented
under the direction d the club's very
energetic committee: Selections, 8 to 8:20
(a) "Tannhauser" March, (b) selection,
"Carmen," Sichei's Orchestra; suprano
solo, "A Rose In Heaven." Miss
Etta M. Welsh; recitation, "The
Village Dressmaker," Miss - Helen
Kellerher; tenor solo, "A May Morning,"
F. Purdy; specialties, Thomas W. Hlckey:
3uo for clarionet and flute, "Scene de Bal
let," A. L. Greenbaum, L. Burrls; farce,
"The Proposal" <a play in one act)., cast:
Bob Yardslej^ Mr. "Wilson; Jack Barlow,
Mr. Ogilvie; Dorothy Andrews, Miss Sul
livan; Jennie (a housemaid),; Miss Hynes*
Hicks (the coachman), : by himself.
National Union.
PyTog-raphy Materials.
Wood novelties for flre etching. Useful
articles in leather purses, belt3, photo
cases, albums, frames and fancy boxes
for poker etching, and an excellent fresh
supply of whole sheep skins in all colors,
just from the tanners. The latest pyro
graphy outfits. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market st. •
Shortly after 10 o'clock yesterday morn
ing the proprietor of the saloon became
Euspicious of the check and hurried to tho
Nevada Bank, on which it purported to*
have been drawn. The cashier of tho
bank pronounced the check a forgery.
Anxious to recover the amount that he
had loaned, Chiucovich, after consulting
his partner, decided to apply for a war
rant for the arrest of O'Rourke.
J. Chiucovich, who conducts a saloon at
Golden Gate avenue and Larkin . street,
3-esterday asked for a warrant for the ar
rest of John O'Rourke, father of Veteri
nary Burgeon O'Rourke, on a charge of
forgery. Chiucovich said to Bond Clerk
Fitzpatrick that O'Rourke, who la well
known in racetrack circles, having owned
several famous horses, last Monday night
visited hi3 place of business, and after
losing all he had at a game or poker pre
sented a check for $60, bearing the firm
name of Wemple Bros., paper box manu
facturers, and indorsed by him. Thinking
that the check was genuine Chiucovich
advanced him $35, promising to pay the
balance when O'Rourke asked for It.
Accuses O'Rourke of Forgery.
SECOND LANDSLIDE OCCURS.
Thirty Houses Engulfed and Great
Damage at Heligoland.
CHRISTIAN'IA. Dec. 31.— Another seri
ous landslide has occurred in Heligoland.
Thirty houses have been engTilfed and a
considerable part of the island has been
for three days under water. Thus far it
has b«*»n irni>ossible to send relief and the
losses have not yet been determined.
Neko at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. IT— The Kosmos
steamer N'cko arrived here this morning
from Hamburg, via South and Central
American port?. Sne brings fifteen pas
trngers for this port and 30) tons of
nitrate from Iqulqur, and 500 tons of ni
trate and 200 tons of prf-neral merchandise
for San Francisco. Her voyage from
Hamburg was favored with fine weather.
California street, Rev. W. K. Guthrie of
the First Presbyterian Church officiating.
It was a home wedding, attended only
by Intimate friends. The couple received
many handBome and costly presents, not
the least of which wore several checks
from Mrs. L. H. Coleman, grandmother
of the bride.
Miss Ida Precht attended th© bride and
the groom was attended by J. O'Keefo.
The ceremony was performed at 8:30.
after which the bride and groom, and
guests sat down to a wedding supper.
Mr. and Mrs. Hammitt will tour the
Eouthern Dart of the State on their honey
moon and will take up their residence at
1304 California street upon their return.
MISS SHAEir BECOMES
Tvp^q. F. H. TTATVnVTTTT
Popular San Francisco Girl the "Wife
of an Employe of The
Call.
Frank H. Hammltt and Miss Edna H.
Bhaen were married last evening at L104
She Is Granted Decree on Ground of
Infidelity — Other Unhappy
Couples Separate.
Adgie C. Hall, tamer of lions, has di
vorced her husband, Frank R. Hall, whom
she found untamable. Adgle was granted
a decree by Judge Belcher yesterday on
the ground'of infidelity, together. with the
right to resume her maiden name, Cas
tello. Adgie testified that she married her
husband last July, and even before the
honeymoon had waned she found that
she had been enjoying but a portion of
his affections, his attentions being pro
miscuously distributed among several
young women at the Terminal Hotel,
Haight and Stanyan streets. Adgie's tes
timony was corroborated by Mrs. Fannie
Ames. A decree was forthwith granted,
and Adgle, with a smile, returned to her
lions.
Decrees of divorce were also granted to
Lillian M. Pyal from James A. Pyal for
willful neglect, Kate Barnes from Clay
ton Barnes for willful neglect. Birdie M.
Hart from George R. Hart for willful neg
lect Lucy K. Dleo from A. R. Dice for
willful neglect and Esther S. Orchard
from William H. Orchard for willful neg
lect.
Suits for divorce have been filed by L.
H. Maxwell against Georgia J. Maxwell
for desertion, Edna R. Hughes against
Thomas B. Hughes for failure to provide,
Catherine McSheehy against James Mc-
Sheehy for cruelty, T. E. Anderson
against Jennie Anderson for desertion and
Daniel V. Wells against Nellie A. Wells
for cruelty.
AIXJIE, TAMER OF UONS,
DIVORCES HER HUSBAND
BERLIN, Dec- 11. — Mai Lenzemann, the
30- year-old son of a Berlin lawyer, has
been dismissed from his gymnasium and
forbidden to enter any other in Prussia
for committing Ie«=e majeste when the
7>rinc'pal of the prymnaslum mentioned to
the pupils the recent attempt at Breslau
upon the life of Emperor W illiam.
PUUISHED FOB LESE MAJESTE.
Ten-Year-Old Boy Expelled From
Gymnasium, in Prussia.
Unable Longer to Remain on Red
Cross Board of Directors.
WASHINGTON, Dec. IL— At the annual
Hireling of the National American Red
Cross the resignation of Mrs. Phebe
Hearst from the board of control on ac
count of pressure of other duties was a-c
<-*-pted. and Mrs. Harrington, president of
the California Red Cross, was appointed
to fill the vacancy. Mrs. J. Ellen Foster
reported that th^ Red Cross on the Pa
<Ilic Coast and in the Philippines had ex
ponded JloQ.^t in supplementing: the ef
forts of the Government in caring for the
soldiers.
MRS. HEARST RESIGNS.
Sabid Utterances of Alexander Horr
Applauded by Hundreds of
His Fellows.
NETT YORK, Dec. 11.— Five hundred
Anarchists vociferously applauded to
r.lght at a meeting on behalf of the fam
ily of Bresd, the assassin, when one of
their speakers threatened the life of Pres
ident McKinley. "should ha attempt to
interfere with free speech." The speaker
was Alexander Horr. who announced his
approval of assassination.
The Anarchists met In Everett Hall. 33
East Fourth street. They had obtained
the hall by a ruse which Harry Bimberg,
the proprietor, resented, and to-night he
made feeble threats to put out the lights.
He thought better of it. however, when
one of the speakers declared they would
go to law about the matter should he
do so.
When Bresei was sentenced for the kill
ing of King Humbert the assassin's wife
iiiid two children were left in need. The
audience to-nifrht took up a collection for
thfiir benefit. Horr made a rabid speech:
"If I were fa Russia to-day," said he, i
"1 should be an assassin. If any one in j
control of the Government here persists j
!ri prohibiting the right of free speech, if
the Mayor of the city does it or the Gov
ernor of tho State or the President of the
United States, he dues it at his peril."
ANARCHIST THREATENS
THE LIFE OF McKINLEY.
MONTEREY. Dec. 11.— Court Del Monte,
No. 47, Foresters of America, bas elected
Its officers for the ensuing term. Those
chosen are H. J. Schaufel, chief ranger;
J. Olarte. sub-chief ranger: , Wallace
Clarence Brown, treasurer; Loois Gold
ptlne, recording secretary; D. Donelson,
financial secretary; J. Lachman, senior
woodman; A. R. Kinp. junior woodman;
R. Gomez, senior beadle; Joseph Pedro,
Junior beadle: D. Miller and J. F. Moore,
trustees; Dr. A. M. Stafford, court physi
cian; J. F. Moore, druggist; /*-• H. King,
captain of the guards.
Foresters Elect Officers.
COVELO, Dec 11.— News of an Indian
shooting affray at Laytonville reached
here late this evening. Frank Poe, a
noted desperado. Influenced by the exces
sive use of firewater, rode Into the In
dian camp and commenced shooting at his
wife. To her screams he paid no atten
tion, but followed her Into the house and
fired two shots at her there. The noise
and screams of some twenty Indians soon
brought Deputy Sheriff Woodruff and
Constable McAnnich to their assistance.
Frank was relieved of his weapon and in
a short time was looking through the bars
of the Town Jail. This morning when
Poe awakened he asked If he had killed
his wife, and when told that she was all
right he said he wanted to kill her be
cause she had fallen In love with an old
medicine man by the name of Kabaso.
Attempts to Kill His "Wife.
NEW TORKi Dec. IL— A special to the
Journal from London says: Truth says
to-day: "I announced some weeks ago
that the Duke and Duchess of York are
to visit Canada when they leave Austra
lia. It is probable that their travels will
be extended to the United States, as the
President has sent them an invitation
through Minister Choate and Lord Salis
bury.
DTJCAL COUPLE COMING.
LO3 ANGELES, Dec, 11.— Mrs. Sadie
Warwick, who Hve3 at the corner of
Twenty-third and Wall streets, attempted
to commit suicide this morning by throw
ing herself underneath the Maple avenue
car at Sixth and Maple streets. The car
was running very slowly and as a result
Mrs. Warwick escaped death and sus
tained only severe bruises and perhaps in
ternal injuries, though it is not believed
these ¦will prove serious. Mrs. Warw'ck
will make no explanation of her act. sim
ply saying that she did it "because the
¦wanted to." Her husband is an employe
of the Baker Iron Works.
THROWS HEBSELP
nar front or a oar
Local coal men say that other San Fran
cisco dealers have been making similar
endeavors to increase their coal receipts.
Washington coal mines are now producing
more coal than ever before. Old mines
are furnishing their maximum output and
new properties are being opened. Local
railroads, factories and steamers are tak
ing double the quantity of coal they used
three years ago. Besides this, the enor
mous demand from Alaska and the Ha
waiian Islands is now being supplied here.
All the coal used by the northern rail
roads west of Montana comes from. Puget
Sound mines. Considering these facts,
local dealers say that the supply Is likely
to fall far short of the demand all winter.
By another year they think the mines will
catch' up.
- . i i
TACOMA, Dec 11.— Coal prices In Saa
Francisco will be advanced again soon,
according to a statement made here to
day by C. B. Fan-ell, a coal dealer of
that city. He came north several days
ago to ascertain if the mines could not
furnish more coal for immediate ship
ment, recent receipts at San Francisco
having been shorter than usual. He finds
that the mines now have all the orders
they canjK»Esibly take car© of, and that
even if more coal were available there are
not enough ships and steamers in sight to
carry it to California. On these facts ha
bases his statement that another price
advance Is likely to follow on both steam
and domestic coals.
ADVANCE PROBABLE
IN PRICE OF COAL
The Foreign Minister explained that he
was not aware that fresh complaints
against Herr Pott were the cause of this,
but a notification sent to The Netherlands
Minister of the withdrawal of the exequa
tur would illy- accord with the- very
friendly relations between The Nether
lands and Portugal. Immediately after
the exequatur was withdrawn, however,
the Dutch Minister was summoned to
give Information . and Herr Pott was ex
pected at The Hague within a month.
The Government of The Netherlands
supposed that Portugal approved of this
proposal, and was surprised to learn
shortly afterward that Portugal insisted
on withdrawing the exequatur of Herr
Pott.
THE HAGUE, J3ec 11.— Replying in the
Second Chamber to-day to the Interpella
tion of Count von Bylandt. notice bf
which was given yesterday, on the sub
ject of the tension betwen The Nether
lands and Portugal, the Foreign Min
ister. Dr. W. IL de Beaufort, sketched
the history of tho misunderstanding-,
which, he declared, had been exaggerated.
He said the Dutch Minister at Lisbon,
Baron von Heekeren, announced on No
vember 17 that Portugal desired to with
draw the exequatur of Herr Pott as Con
sul of The Netherlands at Lourenzo Mar
ques, unless the Government of The
Netherlands would obviate the necessity
by dismissing or recalling Herr Pott. As
The Netherlands Government had no of
ficial information that Herr Pott had per
mitted, as alleged, the importation of
contraband of war, it would not accede to
the demand for his recall without a fuller
inquiry and it therefore instructed the
Minister at Lisbon to cable to Herr Pott
asking him to clear up the matter. Herr
Pott then applied for leave to come to Eu
rope, which was granted him. and The
Netherlands proposed to Portugal that an
Investigation be made during the Consul's
visit and that three months be allowed
for the rendering of a report on the sub
ject.
Netherlands and Portugal.
Explanation of Dispute Between the
HOW THE QUARREL STARTED.
The decoration of the grave of the late
Governor Goebel took place in the after
noon.
Governor Beckham in his inaugural ad
dress did not refer to the murder of Wil
liam Goebel. He promised the State a
clean ad honest administration of its ex
ecutive affairs in a spirit of fairness and
tolerance, with no feeling: of partisan hate
or malice, with the sincere desire to re
move as far as possible all friction and
Ill-feeling from among the people. He
said it would be his policy to keep the
S\ate Guard in a first-class condition, but
that the military power should always be
in absolute subordination to the civil au
thority and should never be called into
active service except as a last resort to
carrying out the decrees of judicial tri
bunals.
The booming of cannon at 11 o'clock was
the signal for the inaugural procession to
take up its march.. Two regiments of the
State Guard, the Duckworth Club of Cin
cinnati, and many political clubs and
civic societies were in line. It was about
noon when the : procession reached the
capltol. *
The oath of office was administered to
the Governor by Chief Justice Hazelrigg.
After the ceremonies at the inaugural
stand the Governor reviewed the State
troops.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Dec. 11.— With per
fect weather and in the presence of a vast
throng of people Governor J. C. W. Beck
ham was inaugurated to-day for the three
years remaining of the term for which
William Goebel and William S. Taylor
contested last year.
Promises to Give the State a Fair Ad
ministration, and Hopes to He
move All Bitter Parti
sanship.
—a —
Chief Executive of Kentucky
Is Inaugurated at
Frankfort.
BECKHAM TAKES
OATH OF OFFICE
CHICAGO. Dec. 11,-The Hannah Grif
fea Benevolent and Christian Home for
Colored Children, at one time one of the
best known and most highly commendea
charitable institutions in Chicago, to-day
Iffnoininiously passed out of existence,
when tne officers, guided by Miss Sucan
Clark, probation officer of the Juvenile
court, forcibly took sixteen children from
ihe mlsernble building where the home
was last located. The children were left
tmcared for in a shamy. all half-clothed,
several e!ck and ihrte cufterirg from dis
ease cr deformed.
The building 'in which they lived is a
small one-etory shanty, which is divided
vy a board partition into two rooms.
J -either one of which is more than ten
ry fifteen feet in size. In these two rooms
J:ved Mrs. Hannah Griffon and sixteen
cnilGren. One of tiic rooms was evi
aently used for a sleeping apartment. In
It ejc iron beds were crowded. Blankets
¦were also spread in one corner to help
out accommodations. In tlie other room
¦was a large cast iron heater, such as is
Feen in rural railroad stations.
when the officers entered the room this
Ftove was heated red hot. making the at
mosphere stirting. There was imminent
danper that the children would be burned
in playing about it. This room was also
furnished with. a table, several broken
chairs and a cradle, in which a feeble
minded child was lyinp, seemingly in a
stupor. On tho floor were scattered re
mains of toys, scraps, raw vegetables.
Wishes, and over everything a thick cover
ing of dirt.
The children had evidently been at
tempting to cook Fome sort of a meal.
In one of th<» tin pans on the table three
cnior.s were floating in some murky wa
ter, riesitie the (Ki-ii was half of a large
raw rutabaga and several potatoes, none
of which had been cooked. The only oth
• r article? of food in the house were two
leaves of stale bread. The children said
they had eaten nothing for two days.
i^nd wrben ted after being taken to the
police station ate as if !?tarv<?d.
RaedaJ Dlsjiatch to TI»« CU1.
Ignominious End of What Was Once
One of tlie Best Known Char
itable Institutions of
Chicago*
Sixteen Half-Starved Chil
dren Taken Prom a
Miserable Hovel.
PASSING OF THE
GRIFFEN HOME
RELIANCE CLUB MEMBERS WILL APPEAR
IN BLACK- FACE BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT
Well-Known Musicians and Entertainers to Present an Excellent
Programme To-Night at Macdonough Theater.
HAYS IS COMING
OUT WITH STUBBS
New President of Southern
Pacific Is Due Here
Christmas.
Proposition to Discontinue Issuing of
Passes to Employes Discussed
at Meeting of Presi-
V-.- dents.
Charles M. Hays, the new president of
the Southern Pacific, is to accompany
"Vice President J. C. Stubbs when he re
turns to this city from the East the lattei
part of the month. At least that is the
understanding among the officials of the
company here. H. E. Huntlngton may
also return at the same time. He is now
In New York, where he went last week,
ostensibly to dispose of the Huntingdon
estate"s Southern Padnc shares. Mr.
Stubbs is now in Washington with W.
F. Hcrrin attending a meeting of the In
terstate Commerce Commission, which is
to pass upon the case of the St. Louis
Merchnnts' Acsociation against the South
trn Pacific and Santa Fe roads.
Both Mr. Stubbs and Mr. Hays were
present at a meeting of the Western rail
way presidents in New York last week,
and Mr. Stubbs met the Southern Pacific's
new president on that occasion for the
tlrst time. At this meeting a proposition
to discontinue the practice of Issuing
passes to employes of railroad lines wa3
discussed and a special committee was ap
pointed to t»ke the matter up with all
the Eastern and Southern lines and re
port some plan of action for the year 1902.
In the opinion of the conference so radical
a change in old customs as is proposed
cannot De made in less than a year.
Many New Attorneys.
The regular examination of applicants
for admission to practice law in all of
the courts of this State were completed
by the Supreme Court Commissioners yes
terday, and the following twenty-two of
a class of thirty-three were favorably
passed upon: Emil Engelcke, Joseph H.
Mayer, William C. Cavitt, Ernwt L.
Brady, Frank Tade, Robert Gardner,
James Hopper. W. Reginald Hodgkin.
Harry J. Bias. Ernest Pagnuella. Herbert
V. Krelling, Philip G. Sheehy, Fabian H.
Hillebrandt, James M. Oliver, Thomas F.
Grlffln. T. J. Weldon. I,. G. Traugh.
George R, Lovejoy. Albert Peter Wheelnn,
Thomas E. Collins. T. C. Van Ness, Jr.,
and John De Lancey, Jr.
Shorter High School Course.
Those pupils who will be promoted from
the advanced eighth grade of the public
schools to the high schools at the end of
this month will take a three-and-one-half
>ear course In the high M:hools. This was
decided upon at the executive session of
the Hoard of Education yesterday. Eight
schools will send entire advanced eighth
grade classes up for the examination.
NO CERTIFICATE
FOR NEW THEATER
Playhouse.
One for Central Park
Board of Works Will Refuse
Supervisors Hay Rescind Ordinance
Which Does Not Include Priv
ilege of Using Building for
Theatrical Purposes.
In all probability the promoters of the
new Central Park Theater venture win be
unable to open the doors of their play
house to the public. While the Board of
Public Works has as yet taken no official
action. Commissioner Manson intimated
yesterday that a certificate of proper con
struction would not be forthcoming. The
Tax Collector will refuse to issue a license
on that score.
The attention of the Board of Super
visors has been called to these facts by
Mayor Phelan and as a result the Ju
diciary Committee will on next Friday
consider the rescinding of the resolution
granting the privilege of altering and
erecting additions to the old panorama
building on Market street, near Eighth.
One point that may result In the rescind
ing of the permit is that the resolution
does not grant the privilege of using the
altered building for theatrical purposes,
but for amusement purposes only. The
ordinance merely says:
Resolved, That the Central ParJc Amusement
Company be and Is hereby granted permission
to build in Central Park, corner Eighth and
Market streets, a gravity railway; also to con
struct and maintain a temporary butldlnS of
Iron, with wooden frame, adjoining rear of
present Iron covered bulltilnir, in said park; the
whole to be used for amusement purposes, and
the privilege to continue at the pleasure of the
board.
Commissioner Manson says that the
resolution was passed In July, or Just one
month after the passage of the ordinance
regulating the construction and mainte
nance of theaters. He says that the reso
lution allowing the alterations to the
building was passed by the Supervisors In
direct conflict with the theater ordinance.
When the attention of the board was
called to thf fact that the building was
being reconstructed in violation of the fire
ordinance, it decirt/nl that the permit
could not be rescinded. It held that It
was the duty of tne Fire E>epartment to
see that the alterations were made ac
cording to law. Fire Chief Sullivan con
tended that under the charter the r«rpon
plbility did not lie with his department
and declined to accept it. The Board of
Public Works also refused to take any
action until an application was made by
the Central Theater proprietors for a cer
tificate. The Board of Works will hold.
Manson says, that the covering of gal
vanized iron on wooden partitions is rn
conflict with both the theater and nre
ordinances and a certificate will be re
fused. Before that happens, however.
Manson hopes that the Supervisors will
crawl out of their dilemma In having Ille
gally granted the privilege by rescinding
the resolution on the subject.
JOHN EABDEB WAS
PROBABLY MTTRDERED
Mutilated Body of the Seattle Man
Found Near the Ocean
Dock.
SEATTLE. Dec. 11.— The mystery sur-
rounding the strange disappearance of
John Harder, who was last seen alive
Tuesday tight, November 19, was solved
to-day by the finding of his body In the
bay near the ocean dock. Every appear
ance points to Harder having been mur
dered. On his head were several wounds,
probably made by a blunt instrument
from behind. The trousers pockets were
turned lrside out. showing that he had
been robbed.
What lends further color to the murder
theory is the fact that Harder was seen
early In the morning after leaving hl3
work, at a tx»er hall on Second street, in
company with a strange man, who said
he came from Montana.
PIONEEB JAMES BROWN DEAD.
Well Known, to Early Settlers of Cal
ifornia and Nevada.
SPOKANE. Dec. 11.— The funeral of
James Brown, better known to California
and Xevada pioneers as "Kettlebelly"
Brown, took place here to-day. Brown
was a pioneer on the coast— a forty-niner.
In early days in Virginia City, when Mark
Twain and Dan de QutU lived there.
Brown was the chief of the Fire E>epart
ment. He had lived here the last twelve
years.
An old resident of California here who
had known Brown In his earlier days saw
to it that he did not suffer for food or
shelter. He was 78 years Of age and, so
far as known, left no relatives.
INTEBESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Appointed, Patents Is-
sued and Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1L— Postmaster
commissioned: California— E. J. Chapman,
Stent.
Postmasters appointed: Oregon— I. B.
Cushman, Acme, Lane County, vice J. W.
Hand, resigned: Henry Ruscher, Porter
ford, Curry County, vice C. L. "Wakerman,
resigned.
"Washington— A. B. McDonald. Nahcotta,
Pacific County, vice C. H. Shagren, re
moved. „ ..
Pensions Issued to-day: California-
Original— Rosewell L. Emrick. Los Ange
les, $8; Charles A. Grimmer, Pine Flat, *>;
Lysander S. Butler, dead, Los Angeles,
$6; Cyrus Brown, Downey, 110. Renewal-
John Coon. Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles,
$8. Increase— George Taylor, Soldiers*
Home, Lcs Angeles, $12. Original widows
—Winnie Watson, Applegate, $8. War
with Spain— Original, Charles E. Stuart,
San Francisco, $6.
Patents Issued to-day: Hans G. Behr.
San Francisco, assignor to Fraser *
Chalmers, Chicago, brake; Samuel W.
Burchaell, San Francisco, punching and
eyelet setting machine: John E. Doak, as
signor one-half to W. Lewiston. San
Francisco, transmission and reversing
gear; Peter Frichette, Sheridan, pipe
wrench; Joseph S. Hill. Los Angeles, pipe
cutter: William C. Keithly, San Francisco,
face steamer; James C aicCollum. assig
nor one-half to S. White. Los Angeles,
hand street sweeper; Jennie SImonl. as
signor one-half to W. K. and T. C. Hays,
San Francisco, burglar alarm door lock;
Appius C. Swain, assignor one-half to J.
m7 Bowers. San Francisco, gas purifier;
Allen J. Tait, Oakland, assignor to D. H.
Priest, San Francisco, filter. Washington
—Charles E. Crane, Seattle, milk bottle.
Representative Loud has received assur
ances from the Appropriation Committee
that the sundry -civil bill will contain
an appropriation of $1,550,000 for the San
Francisco public building and H0.O0O for
the quarantine station.
Among President McKlnley's callers to
day were Representative Ivahn. with. E. S.
Pillsbury, H. D. Loveland and Wakefield
Baker of San Francisco. The President
informed his visitors, who referred to the
desirability of representation of the Pa
cific Coast on the Interstate Commerce
Commission, that when a vacancy oc
curred in the commission he would be
glad to consider the appointment of a
man they might recommend. It Is un
derstood the name of W. R. "Wheeler of
San Francisco will be presented to the
President's consideration m such a con
tingency.
Chester Bonestell of San Francisco was
admitted to-day to practice before the Su
preme Court on the motion of Mr. Kahn.
Senator Perkins entertained a dinner
party at the Metropolitan Club at which
the following guests were present: Sena
tor Bard, Representative Metcalf. Gen
eral Harrison Gray Otis, ex-Governor
Markham, Captain Merry. United States
Minister to Nicaragua; Senator Depew
and District Commissioner MacFarland.
First Lieutenant Edward T. Balsh.
Seventh Infantry, now in San Francisco,
is honorably discharged from the service,
to take effect December 31.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
J. J. Brecker.
RENO, Dec. 11.— About two weeks ago
J. J. Brecker, one of the oldest and most
highly respected residents of Reno, wns
found in the rear of his establishment in
an unconscious condition. He was con
veyed at once to his home and medical aid
summoned, but without avail, and to-day
at 12:40 he passed away. He leaves a wife,
two sons and three daughters. His estate
is estimated at between $60,000 and $70,000.
Mrs. Isabella Beet.
ALAMEDA, Deo. 11.— Mrs. Isabella Beat,
wife of John Best and mother of Miss
Rachel Best, died this morning at her
home, 2325 Clement avenue. Mrs. Best
lived In Alameda twenty-flve years and
was a prominent member of Christ
Episcopal Church. The funeral will be
held from Christ Church Thursday morn
ing at 10 o'clock.
Major James Converse.
ABILENE. Texas. Dec. 11.— Major
James Converse, widely known through
cut the Southwest, died to-day aged 7L
He built the Southern Pacific Railroad
through Texas.
A. A. Glasscock.
VENTURA, Dec. 11.— A. A. Glasscock,
a prominent physician, died here this
morning after a protracted illness, caused
by cancer of the throat.
Charles Peck.
CHICAGO. Dec. 11.— Charles Peck, one
of the founders of the Chicago Academy
of Design and a pioneer artist of Chicago
died to-day.
J. H. Miller.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Dec. 11.— J. H. Mil
lcr, a noted breeder, and turfman, died to
day at his home from a stroke of paraly.
SlS. } ;¦¦'
Henry. Dudley Rindon.
LONDON, Dec. 12.— Henry Dudley Rln
don, Earl of Harrowby, la dead, aged 64
'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1900;
MEMBERS OF THE RELIANCE CL-UB WHO "WILL. APPEAR IN BURNT-CORK SPECIALTIES AT THE BENEFIT
ENTERTAINMENT TO-NIGHT AT THE MACDONOUGH THEATER, AND THEIR TURNS AS ANTICIPATED
BY THE CARICATURIST OF THE CALL STAFF.
The club announces Tuesday evening,
December 18, as a gentlemen's night, for
which some fine sparring- contests have
been arranged. "Kid" Flnnerty and
George Curran will box ten rounds at US
pounds; Indian Joe Gregg and Charles
Hawley are matched for ten rounds at
137 pounds, and Tom Herman, will meet
George Baker for the featherweight
championship of tho coast.
Murman, Charles Gross, K. "W. Brock, Oscar
Whitney, Will Beers, H. Palmer, Clarence
Oliver, A. H. Audiffred, Ed White. A. F. Pagre.
Charles Lloyd. Luke Cadogan, W. T. Cross
man, R. Beebe. A. V. Lone. Charles Griffith,
Charles Summers, Percy I>eacon, J. A. White,
H. M. Devers, Charles Hyde, Kd Kenney,
Frank Cerrlnl, U RedneM. R. G. Smith. E. M.
Campbell. C. W. Castel. Will Martin. John
Williams. G. g. White, E. G. Williams, H. U
Whltehead, Will Ryder. Georgre Barnum, H.
Callahan.
Birth.
9
One Thousand Physicians Testify that
Hnnyadi Janos
Is the Best Natural Laxative Water Known to Medical Science.
Dr. William AAHaxnmond, New York,
Professor of Diseases of the Mind and Nervous System in the University of tho City of
New York, writes: "The Hnnymdl Janos Water is, according to my experience, the
most pleasant and efficient of all purgative mineral waters, and I have no hesitation In
recommending it to the Modioal Profession." . t
For Constipation, Torpid Liver and Obesity.
No Medicine In the World Compare* with "HUNYADI-JANOS."
T aaV ','**¦ T **E LABEL on Bottle, ' \ /*¦*• 11 For T he Fal * A««>
llOOtt Bine with Red Centre Panel. | Vail "JSnnyadl-JANOS.".
POSTTJai CEB.EAI*
childreFshowed it.
Effect of Their ¦Warm 2>riiik In the
Horning.
"A year ago I was a wreck from coffee
<2rinkir:E and was on the point of giving
up my position in tho schoolroom because
cf ny excessive nervousness.
"I was telline a friend aiout it and she
*aid. 'We drink nothing at meal tirr.Q but
Postum Food Coffee. ano?lt Is such a com-
fort to have something wo can enjoy
drlnkine with the children.'
"I was astonished that she would allow
the children to drink any kind of coffee,
but the said Postum was the most health-
ful drink in the world for children as well
as for older cnes, and that the condition
of both the children and adults showed
that to be a fact.
"Just a. little thougrht convinced me that
ore e hould not take a stimulant such as
cofft-e. but recJly should have the best
food to nourish the brain and nerves, and
that nourishment was found in Postum.
"My first trial was a failure. The cook
boiled it four or live minutes and It tasted
»«o flat that I was In despair, but deter-
Bdned to elve it one more trlaL This time
tv<. followed the directions and boiled it
filtern minutes after the boiling began. It
vrks a decided success and I was com-
pletely won by its rich, delicious flavor. In
a. Bhort time I noticed a decided improve-
ment In my condition and kept growing
better and better month after month, until
now I am perfectly healthy, and do my
work in the schoolroom with, ease and
pleasure. I would not return to the nerve-
destroyJng regular coffee for any money."
— F. Scott, WarrensbUTf , Ma
APVKB.TIBP.TYrF.TTTS.
SENT FREE_TO MEN !
A Most Remarkablo Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vijror
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a rr.cst remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will *wrlte the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men ~vho had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
i3 a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles .hat coma
from years of misuse of the natural fane-
tlons and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 32S Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you deaire cne
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that grea: class of mea
who are unable to leare home to bs treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy it Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedied
are employed. The Institute make* no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so that Us recipient neei
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to writs with-
out delay.
¦^^^^^¦^¦^¦^^%>'%^
$v»«it DR. JORDAN'S great
{ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
\ Or ThaL«rzs«tAo«i«nle«lMin«umlnth«
M -A, V.'oatd. WaakMCM* at «ay wnmrt
W 4 «BB dlmw f*mltl»lr rarad hy Ue oklni
£ fifxfl DR. JOaOA^PUlYATE DISEASES
\ ftflraS tnanttitioa rh* tod rtrktiv prints
m I SWIM Tr»«m»nt perwnalljr ©« by Irttor. A
fl "B| Amm (Wain nvjoMB^imtM.
Alt lift Writt(brBMk,rWl«Mr«V«f
¥ I HTHABBMU. MAILSB VUB. I A
jt>*^BHm»f«»i m Bf K « l» • nen-po!wmoc*
+rJQJEr& Ji *SmitLM remed/ for Gonorrhoea,
jRNarcZUT.s^ima Oleet. 3p#rm»tp*rh<v»,
MmWin ltoSi»ri.^H' v '" ltilte '- unnatnral dlj-
jIHlMr ouniwl W chargt , or any inflacama-
¦«•< not to luuiin. tion. | ntation or ulc»r»-
B" fprtTtau wniMioa. tion .f m neon f mem-
lSa\2'«>*«n.o.|!SEI Sold by i>r««rt.u.
x 3«Sk^ *y «Pn«i prepaid, toi
M ?!•». or 3 bottle*. &.7X
V #^S3KE**V" *• --- TClar sent on reqatMC
Weak Men and Women
8 HOULD USE DAMIA.N'A BITTERS. TH3
grcAt' Mexican remedy; fires health and
| sueactb to sexual organs. Depot, tUTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ..WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1900.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
UrSINESS OFFICE cr Th» Baa F*anei«o0
Call, corner of Market ana Third streets; epea
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 1« Montgomery «tre«t.
corner Clay; c?«a until 9:20 p. xa.
•00 E&yea street: open until E:30 x>- m.
C3S McAllister etreet; open until »:S9 P- xn.
615 Larkln etreet; open until t:SO p. xa.
19tt Mission Etreet: open until 10 p. xa.
22a Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: ©pen
ur-.-.I t j>. m.
MX Eleventh etreet; open us til 9 p. xn.
:•:. 6 Valencia etreet; open us til f p. xa.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 8 p. m.
M1SETIXG NOTICES^
CROCKETT Lodge No. 18?. F. and A. M. ¦
— r>. 1st THIS EVENING. December >4 /\^
12. at 7 o'clock. By order of th« W. M- yLj\
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. * ~
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1C6. F. and A. «
M.— fcpeclal mewing THIS (WEDXES- -«%-
DAY) EVENING. Uec. 12. at 7:S0 jLJZ
o'clock, for Instruction. ' r *
THEO E. SMITH. Sec
MISSION Lodge Ko. 1CS, P. and A. iL ¦
—Called meeting THIS (WEDNES-^^
DAY) EVENING, at T :3U o'clock. Third TS5T
_ degree. GEO. P. FLACK. Sec / >F A
JXDRIC Lodge No. ?!«, F. and A- U.— m
Sredal meeting THURSDAY. De*exn- J\^
b. r 13. »t 1:80 o"cloci p. xa.. for the « T^
purpose of conducting the funeral "«rv- ',J*r_
Jces of our deceased brother. PETCH ROD-
RIGES. Master Masons ere fraternally in-
vited to attend. Ey cyder cf the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sep.
K. R- B. will meet !c their hall.
na JSss'.oa «t. THIS (WEDXES- & A
DAY) EVENING. December 11. |l m
Important bus'.aees. s3«a» X*y
pRESn>nNT. yp^£f
KNIGHTS of the Go'.iea Eagl« meet THIS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock.
Native Soas* Hall. 4'.4 Mason Bt; 23 degree.
•THE annual meetlr.e of the stockholders of the
r.'evada National Bank of San Francisco, Cal..
will be beld at 5u banking house, 801 Mont-
tromcry ft, Eaa Francisco. Cal.. ca TUE6-
IjAY *Jar.uar>- 8. 1901. at 8:15 o'clock p. ra.,
ror the election of directors to serve for the
imrrlnr year end the transaction of such
ether burlneos 6» may come before the raeet-
Ing. GEO. GRANT, C&Ehler.
S.as rran^.gco, Peceratxr 8. 1900.
AGEMS WAXTED.
AGENTS are making $5 to $10 a day handling
our hc'.liay books ; big commission; outfit
free. R. K. PATTERSON. «£3 Moatgomery.
flOO TO KM per xncniir. men or women; salary
or commission. SIT Market St., room £15.
ASPUALTUM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; poetai. lli-« Mission; tel. Foliom 1607.
A5THOLOGY.
r>R. C. TOt'FET TATLCJh. Scientific Astrolo-
ger — r*r»e copy "The New Moon." ~C5 Jdarket.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KIXG. tI7 Market et. Cth floor, room 627
— ESrtates. damages. fi-ttachnientB. baiikrttxwcy,
collections; all cases; fair fees; no advance
cl^rges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard li3T.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty ; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
1IO1VE. atty at law. S5o Market, cor. Stockton.
I. E1>W. JARKETT. Hea_>t bidg., Third and
Market sts. ; phcne Red K62.
ADVICE free: r.o chare* unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, i'-7 Market st.. ori'. Mason.
L. S. CLAKK. Kn.n.2. ppreckels b!dg.. S27 Mar-
kn Ft.: iwmrpititlffli free; no f*es in advance. 1
CHEAPEST and best In Anwrlca-The Weekly J
Call. 1€ jiage?, eent to any address in the
Vniiivl Ptatr-s. r-oytpaM. for fl p*r year.
BATH CABIXETS.
ItOBIXFON. Niagara. Perfection and oth^re. W.
t=. BftOWK CO.. 8«.->ncy, 4"« Ellis et.. e. F.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exehaiige.
BICYCLES at r^duc^d prices: we are clearing
out our I&W niooels to make room for new I
IK'l Ftock. Yosemlte Cycle Works, 112Z Market, j
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — S1SO; Baloon; estab. 20 years; close to Chron-
icle blig. ; «ock will invoice tbe price; lease;
p'.a^e known c* one of the be6t-pa.ying retorts
in this ouy. GUI 11. G. WIlJiE. 2GVi Kearny.
Ui<0 — COKNEH saloon on Davis rt.; no &unday |
or ni«ht work: rent $ZG: a Cret-cl&Es paying j
proposition. Inquire H. G. VTILKE, »H
K carry st.
tiOO— FOU eale — Saloon, one block north of
Market Et. : under present ownership over a
dozen rears; reasonable rent; examine stock:
tare chaiu-e. Paniculatt It G. WILKE, 26^4
K«arny §t
A— $600: CORNER saloon en Jaclrson et. : rrnt
Ji' '¦ k«:pi by present owner 7 years; grood ti«l-
riPFS: clearir:? US per month. R. G. WILJLE.
26'» Kearr.y et.
A— OYSTER depot; price 11500; place doing a
large business. rac*Uy wholesale; cash trade;
not leps than t"^ proSt per month; fullest ln-
v^TiEration solicited. Particulars R. G.
U1LKB. 26'ri Kearny et
• A— S700; HALOOX end lunch house; surrounded t
by wholesale houses and machine shops; es- I
taHisbed yc-are; rent $30; splendid offer. Call j
IX. «J. IVILKJ;. 26^ Kearny et. I
A-K^: GNE-IiALF Interest In good paying I
reftsunat en Kearny et; a firei-clats prop- j
..fi.irn for the right party. R. G. WILKE. j
16*4 Kearny et. !
A— SITW; BASEST; corner, in Western Add.; j
estab. many jears; i horees. wagon, etc.; bak- :
ing 4 barrelf i^r day; 5 living rooms, b<tfh;
rest J50; 6 vears' lease; death of owner cause ¦
of t-a'.e. It. O. WILKIi. Kearny St. j
A HAL-F-INTKKKrvT In an old established j
laundry: liorte and wagon; price $500; a first- j
fiats paying business; cr will Eell one-third
Interest al the tame price and invest the •
matter for machinery. Call R. G. WILKE.
. SO** kfarny et.
GLD-ESTAELlSIinD end well-paying corner
grocery and bar; excellently located; well ]
stocked; completely furnished with all jnod-
*-rn fixtures i>ertainine to the business: sell-
' Ins for one-half Its actual value. M. A.
};:'.OOKS. 12 Golden Gale ave.
JUO— FUKNCH laundry, with all tool» neces-
sary: doing fine business; celling departure.
BAPILE. 2 Kddy St. _^^_
COItXEIt grocery' etore for rent, t25; formerly
ICO; bip city, country trade. LaYMaXCE.
<C0 Eighth et, Oakland.
IC — GOOD paying restaurant: a sacrifice;
worth double the amount: sickness cause of
lie. FLOKES CO., 1016 Market Et.. rm. 10.
IF you want to buy. eell or exchange anything
en earth see E. J. LCXPIX. £35 Market gt.
¦WANTED — Ey young man. a partner with 12000
or POM in wholesale manufacturing business:
ii.Jrea.dy established; a fine chance to build
up a large burlncfs. Bex 726, Call office.
A— PLAY THE RACES—
10 to £0 j*r cer.t profit monthly on our ne<w
ryFtera; call and inveFtigate. X. S. HAXD &
CO.. expert han<I:capi>ers. euit 12. J4 Kearny.
CASH grocery at thre<v fourths Inventory; this
week only: splendid business; also tZM gro-
cery. KIXG'8. 4:7 Xlnth St.. Oakland.
JDW— PAliTJCETt wanted In well -paying restau-
rant. Particulars inquire at 1067 Market up-
gtalrB. In photo gallery; agents avoided.
J100— CORXER grocery and bar; good business!
larg* Block; fine fixtures; cause elckneaa. Ad-
rii-ess box 729. Call offlce.
A— BAKKRY. delicatessen, eaadles. etc.; nice
place lor man end wife; full value 1225. Four-
teenth and Peralta ete., Oakland.
A— ?<000; BREWERY and bottling works; own-
er has other business; cannot attend to both;
will Bell half or whole. See owner. C05 Battery.
EXPRESS or shipping office to let at C2 Steuart
etroct
»200 LONG established restaurant; must be
Bold next » days. *Si Geary et.
AUCTTOX— Auction of rertaurant, furnished
complete. Il9< Market et.
jgoo STATIONERY, clean stock and fixtures;
good holiday trade. Addresj box £12, Call.
CAXDY, Ire cream, cigar and Btatfonerj' etore;
laundry efflce. €>& Post cr. Taylor: no agents.
A BA-KERY, delieateseen and confectionery
store; J200. MS Howard «t
FOR eale— An old established bakery, wagon
and two horses. Apply 8S3 Bryant tt
FIHST-CLAFS ealoon for sale; on account at
death; S1S03. Call 222 Fell st..
I'RIVTERS take notice— SC&O will buy a fine
outfit. JOHN W. BRACE. K>€ Market r. 7-g.
FIVE restaurant; central location; big bus. bon-
toa; cheap rent; payip. 927 Market r. 618.
KINDT Y hens for eale at £0c «ach; one and
two years old, in Forty-fifth St.. Oakland.
FOR sale on account of eickneeR, oyeter, fruit
end notion store. 1100 Golden Gate ave,
2-CHAIR. furnished barber-*hop to let; rent
JU. SE. cor. Turk and Soott sts.
TOUXG man want* lady or gentleman partner;
W00; legitimate business. I*ox 238, Call effloe.
BZ-KERY— Business comer. ov e n -_fl x ? ur **L - l*
letT Mth A Guerrero. Owner. 13 Chattanooga.
A. NO. 1 restaurant aa4 coffw parlor lor tale.
Call at C» ICeamjr st.
_- — --- - ~ . . -
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
FRUIT and cigar ttore; $560; snap; clear* $100
a month i reason tor celling, owner ill.
BERRY, 457 Ninth »t, Oakland.
RESTAURANT for »ale. with lease; good pay-
Ing business; cafe, cash register, etc; open
for Inspection. 185 Ellis et
TWO-CHAIR to barber shop cheap at »36H
Howard et Inquire at 208 Langton it, after
6 p. m.
tVANTED— To buy laundry route, with good
horee and wagon. Inquire M. WINTHER, S39
Howard tt. •
NO. 1 city retail business for isaie: a bargain;
fullest Investigation. Box 456. Call.
L.ODGIXG-HOCSES FOR SALE. '
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
fg rooms, clears $175, fine location J^oW)
7 rooms, central, rent $30. bargain....... 175
CS rooms, elegant furniture, \two en-
trances, a first-class transient house.... 8000
14 roome, sickness, rent $3o, enap 600
22 rooms, offices, new furniture, rent only
$75; A No. 1 location; worth $2000 1S00
55 rras.. rent $116. new house, new furn.. 2600
12 rooms, rent $45, fine furniture, cood
carpets, house always full, good location 750
S4 rooma, put 1133 In bank in November.. 2800
16 roome. N. of Mkt. rent $85. clears $«4. 890
CO rooms, rent $100, guaranteed full 3200
65 rooms, reduced from S5000. owner sick. 8S00
MOXEY loaned on lodglng-houees, 1H p. c;
anything you want In lodging-houses; s'mpls;
87 rooms; on Powell st. ; rent $175: price.. $1900
14 roome; on Leavenworth; rent $125; price 1900
16 rooms; on eunny Fide; rent $25; price.. 750
7 rooms; on Geary et; rent $40; price..... 450
Good paying restaurant, near Hall of Justice,
for eale or exchange for lodging-houeej 17
rooms In center of Oakland, with front block,
lawn, palms, flowers, ro6«a, no work, full of
teaohers. Income $65, price $1800, half cash,
rent $S2; a $450 piano for $200.
For quick ealfs list your houses with A. L.
WTLLEY, 91S Market Bt; phone Black E21S.
A FEW BARGAINS— 600 houses to select from:
money loaned to buyers.
16 rooms: rent $65; clears J50 a mo.; price. $800
56 rooms; rent $175; clears JU5 mo.; prlc«.$2000
24 rooms; rent $S0; pays $S5 a mo.; price... $1000
47 rooms; rent J60; profitable: price $1100
6CHWEKHARD.
Rooms 1-2. No. 817 Market St., bet 5th & eth.
A— 22-ROOM house; central tJOOS
£0-rooE3 house; first-class ._.._.... 1050
U-room house; $475; 6-room flat............ 825
£0-room bouse: Eddy; rent $75: only «00
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market *t
ENAP—^ 11 rooms, furnished ; clears $25 per mo.;
only $125. FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st
R. H, WINSTON & CO., IOCS Market Et
18 rooms: rent $55; make offer. .............. STt.0
€3 rooms; cheap rent; only ........2100
SO rooms; corner; elevator 6500
100 rooms ; new r modern; part cash.
«> ROOMS; rentflUO I221W
12 roome; nloely furnished i'OC
100 rooms; elegant furniture 6000
Will loan from $100 up at 1H Pff oent.
DAVIS & RIVES, r. t% 916 Mkt st
CARRIAGES AXD "WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO., clearance eale; low-
wheel. rubber-tire roaa wagon, $80; other
styles at proportionately low prices; Eultable
Xrnas presents. Markt. nr. 9th.« opp. St. Nlch..
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EQAN & SOX, 8117 Mission Bt
FOR sal*— 2 waffle wagons, horee and harness;
worth S700. 210£ Mason Ft., rear.
AN A Xo. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for cale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
r.#FB. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIKITU ALI SM.
MRS. DR. FARXHAM, world renowned spirit-
ual medium: advice in all affairs of life, law-
eults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed., Frl.ev's;
corn* nnd be convinced. Permanently located
£12 Eddy Et., bet. Hyde and Larkln; no eign. j
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant: treats all dtseapes at office or by letter;
Eittlngs, |l. 11C4 O'Farrell Ft.; take Ellis car. j
EARLE, 205 Taylor Bt., cor. of Ellis; sittings
dally; occult circles Sunday, Tuesday and
Thursday.
CIRCLE to-night, 8 sharp, 10c; readings flally.
MME. MARQUISE, 5 Hyde Et., nr. McAllister.
MRS. HOTTER" S circle to-night 10c; sittings
daily; Indies 60c; pents $1. S4 Sixth et, r. 15.
C. Mayo-Pteers, 1124 Oak, spiritual medium t
readings, |l; hours 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard C27.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy et.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C J.
Meyer, Fittings : convincing tests to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
CONSULT BANDERS~ior'health~and fortune.
Consult SANDERS for spiritual development
Consult BANDERS for wedded bliss.
Consult BAXDERB for Biblical interpretation.
Consult SANDERS for lucky days & numbers.
Consult BANDERS for lost property.
Consult 6A>TDERS on all love affairs.
Consult SANDERS and learn what to do.
Consult SANDERS for Immediate good luck.
Consult BANDERS regarding oil and mlnlrg.
......Circles Thursdays, 2 p. m. and
Fridays at 8 p. m.. 85c
Consult SANDERS daily at 614 Taylor «t.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, ie permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
end £6; take elevator. Perfect eatief action
guaranteed by maiL Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading:; ladies 60c.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. elt. $1 CO. 126 Turk.
IPMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 114S Market opp.
Ctn; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 6 p. in.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice '
given in all affairs of life; eatlsf action guar-
anteed; Soc ur>. 17 Third et., next Examiner.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; £5c up- E23 Mission St., nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
, MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the Kreat palm-
let and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh st.
PALMISTRY, card reading; articles read clalr-
| voyantly gratis. 722 Eddy, nr. Polk, no sign.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth et., room 14.
MME. HELMTTH, card reader, astrologist—
Ladies. 25c; German epeken. S3S Mission st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2Sc. 1149 Mission.
GIPSY; genuine clairvoyant; located 10 days 114
Turk et.; ladies, 25c; gents, EOc. "Frawley."
1IM13. STBILLE reads life; future husband's
photo; 25c; hours E to 12 a. m.
MME. BCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
eittlngs dally. 44S»4 Jessie Bt
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant end business
medium. 215 Kearny St., rooms S-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; L;";lnefs
advice; names given; 25c up. E Fourth si.
CARPET I1EATIXG AXD CLE.4JSIXG.
WHEN you become di3gusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. S53-3S7 Tehama at. I tel. Bouth 40.
STANDARD. SIS Guerrero— Curtains -and blan-
kets renovated, 26c per pair; carpets cleaned,
Z6 yd; laying a epeclalty. Phcne Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 8o per yard, laid at Be.
STRATTOS'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie S44.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Bteam Carpet-Beating Works. Gk EL
STEVENS. Mgr.. 88-4» 8th et.: toL Bouth 250.
ADVANCE Carpet -Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 834. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 2SS Golden
Gate #i-e. : telephone East 126. • •-„•-•
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, lnerown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; consul'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room CIO. 827 Market st
DEXTISTS.
AT
ket et., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our Epeclalty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. ra. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings. COc; plates,
$5, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth et
EIGHT prizes for btst crowns, plates bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O" Farrell et
"MAIN Offlce" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market »t, bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges: teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
PARIS Dantal Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Hush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25o.
JVAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Bun-
days. 1001 Market at, corner eixth.
j •¦ DEXTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 1209 Market
et ; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
A. L. SIMPSON, D. P. B.
SET of teeth without plate. 5r! H. G.
YOUNO. 1841 Polk at.
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate ekin:agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag*cy. 426 Kills.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O Connor & Moffatt.
DRESSMAKING; reasonable prices: dresses
made over; perfect fit. 887 Geary st. '
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.r-
Ehorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert^ 1 .
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prae-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Poat st.
& F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, eto.; day
and night sessions; ncwSfr-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AIRES' Business College, 723 Market st: day
and evening; Individual instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
ATTENTION t-Tarr's. pupils thorough book-
keeplng figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. £20 Parrott bid.
MIES M. O. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porten best teacher, best system. 802 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full cours* this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
ICESS COLLEGER 1238 Market st
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, meoh., Bur-
vev, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market
MT7NSON, School Shorthand, Typing. Bookkeep-
lng, Spanish. 137 Monfy. B. M. Carpenter, pr.
LEARN German In three months; $5 per month.
Y. M. C. A. building, Bth floor.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, muslo studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1SS6 Eddy et.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-yight class. 424 Pine Bt
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
E3IPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible housecloanlng eo. ; est.
1870; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 DeviBadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD A.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 yeans; all kinds help.
421 Post et.. near Powell; telephone Bush 125.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 260L
JAPAXESB and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. 526 CFferrell st.; tel. Hyde- 2181.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice-, all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.; domeetlc serv. 41T Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEIJM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 416 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black E072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 411V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE.
A— FIRST-CLASS German cook and German
Becond girl, very best Eastern references, 7
years In last place, want places together,
city or country, $30 and $25. C. R. HANSEN
Si CO., 104 Geary et., phone Grant 185.
WOMAN" with a child 7 years old wants a posi-
tion as working housekeeper or znanage lodg-
lne-houe«. 127 Turk et.
BY thoroughly competent woman: good cook;
would assist with housework: city or across
the bay; references $20 to $25; carfare ex-
pected. 60S Joaes st
EXPERIENCED chambermaid wishes work In
hotel, lodging-house, kitchen helper or house-
work; $1 per day and car fare; weekly, $4 to
$3; sleep home. A. C. 711 California st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day,
washing. Ironing or housecleanlng. Address
Washwoman, cara grocery, corner Laguna
and Fulton sts.
RESPECTABLE elderly woman wishes to do
housework In American family; city or coun-
try; reference. Box 786. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes placet general
housework; good referenoes. 318V4 Rltch st.
between Brannan and Townsend.
A TOUNG woman wishes work by the day;
washing, Ironing or housecleanlng. Box 732,
Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes situation as housekeeper or
general housework; country. Apply 87 Sec-
ond tt.
RELIABLE woman will do washing or house-
cleanlng, $1 60 per day. 55 Oak Grove ave., off
Harrison Bt, between Fifth and Sixth.
"WAITRESS, first class, wants position; three
years In last place: Belling out cause of leav-
ing. Address box 72S, Call offlce.
XICE woman, good cook, would like position
where, there aro no other women to Interfere;
good references. B30 Gough St.
YOUNG girl wishes a place for second work.
Call at 709 Jackson et.. Oakland; no poatals.
YOUNG lady wishes situation to take care of
baby or awi't in light housework; no wash-
ing. Apply 318 Minna Bt.
STRONG, reliable Danish girl wishes a place
to* do housecleanlng or washing by the day;
very cheaj>. Call or address 7 De Boom St.,
off Second^
SITUATION wanted— By a young German
woman aa restaurant or boarding-house cook;
experienced short order cook. Call 817 Mis-
sion st. • -
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires a position In re-
fined American family as Feamstrees; ie a
fine dressmaker. Address Mrs. G. W. M.,
949 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted (chambermaid). Call 244
Taylor Bt.
MEAT and pastry cook, colored, would like
place in city; female; good reference. Box
725. Call.
GOOD, reliable woman wants a position by
the day or week; general work and plain
cooking or sweeping and washing. Address
box 2. Call branch offlce. 800 Hayes st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 EO night, $1 60 to it
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements, and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
MAN stenographer, long experience . In law,
railroad and mercantile work, desires Immedi-
ate employment: unquestionable references.
Box 721. Call office.
COMMERCIAL traveler of experience; highest
references as to ability and character: desires.
Immediate employment Box 780, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted In a private place; under-
stand the care of garden, horses and cows;
$20. J. W. LOTHROP. 329 Thirteenth at.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants position hotel or
restaurant; first-class city references. Ad-
dress PETERSON, 615 Larkln Bt
BREAD and cake baker want* position. 813
Leavenworth fit
AN experienced nunse wishes situation; good
reference. AddVess T. SHEEHBY. 144 Juniper.
TOUNG man wants a position as helper of an
engineer. CARL BANSCHER, 1309 Stockton.
COOK wants work; a good, careful cook; wages
moderate. T. SMITH. 218 Minna st
EXPERIENCED offlce man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other of floe work;
security given If wanted. A. B. box 722, Call.
WANTED— Position as fireman; on stationary
plant preferred. 661V6 Minna St.
GOOD man cook wishes situation; French,
English, German cooking. 204 1 ,. Minna at
MR. BODDCIITL. /
BY experienced, reliable male stenographer,
. with knowledge of bookkeeping; can corres-
pond In Swedish and Norwegian: reasonable
salary; -references. Box 724, Call.
SITUATION wanted — A good cake baker, fore-
man (at present employed), will change If a
better Job Is offered: willing to go short dis-
tance In country. Address box 663. Call.
CHEMIST of wide experience In manufactur-
ing will furnish Instructions for making
anything desired. Chemist, box E46. Call.
JAPANESE boy wishes work cleaning offlce or
any kind little work In house, morning or
evening: room not necessary. HENRY, 2122
Fillmore gt. ' t
JAPANESE flrst-clais laundry man wants Bit-
uation; work by the day. GEORGE ISHITA.
104 EW^-ith st, telephone Fol»om 188.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
. WANTED— An energetic, reliable young I man
, of some business experience is desirous of ob-
taining a position as offlce or stock clerk In
a wholesale house; references from present
employer; moderate wages. A: J.. box 2061.
¦ Call. ¦ . ¦ - ¦ ¦¦¦---
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 526 Mont-
gomery tt. ¦ ¦
YOUNG man desires work of any kind; wages
no object; country preferred. Box 726, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore gt.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
eubecrlptloos has been established at 1098
Valencia it. '_ '
PLATS TO LET-
ELGIN PARK. 26, near Thirteenth rt— 4 sunny
rooms, laundry; partly furnlsh-ed..
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW eunny upper flat, 7 rooms and bath; all
modern Improvements. 29 Laussat ave.
TO let— At $11 each, 4 fine flats on Folsom st,
opposite Columbia Square, between Sixth and
Beventh sts.. by JOHN FFORR. 403 Pine Bt.
$7— 4- ROOM flats on Victor st, off Bryant, bet
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 341 Bryant.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pares, sent to any address In tho
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS " TO LET— FUHSISHED.
HERitANTf. 41. nr. Valencia— Furnished oor-
ner flat of 4 rooms, with bath. $18.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
i ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture -Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FURyiTURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market Bt. : tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive hlgrhoet value for furn., carpets, eto..
Bee W. E. CODY, 757 Mission, tel.' Red 8253.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin ; tel. Folk 691.
. furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot caah.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress. Saoramento, $.25; 6 waitresses, coun-
try hotels, $20; 2 waitresses, city, 120; 8 cham-
bermaids to wait $20; woman cook, city, $30;
8 salesladies for clove store. $6 week, and
man}' others.
FAMDL.Y DEPARTMENT
1 A waitress with flrst-claes references for
first-class private family, city, ?J5; Swedish
or German housejirl for 2 In family for
Sonora, see party in the city; another house-
glri, *30. no chlldi-en, for Glenn County, eea
party here; housegirls, Oakland nnd Ala-
raeda, J20 and $25, and too many orders for
housegirls, second girls and young nurseglrls
to enumerate; cooks, etc.; 2 cooks, $35 and
*30, one for city and one for Oakland. C R.
HAN T SEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
NURSEGIRL, care of 2 children and assist
with light upstairs work. $15, $20, see party
here. O. R. IIANSE^N & CO.. 104 Geary St.
AN experienced colored nureeglrl, $15 to $20.
C. R. HANSBN & CO., 101 Geary st
COOK— Son Jose, $30, see party here; second
girl. ?25; seamstress, $25; two cooks, city. $30
tach; 8 housegrirls $30 <tacli; waitress, $20.
MRS. NORTON, 813 Sutter St.
WANTED— Young girl to take care of child;
board and Bleep at home. Apply immediately,
The Wellesley. cor. California and Larkin sts.
WANTED — Female attendant, strong and tall."
for an elderly gentleman. Inquire 2113 Cali-
fornia st. hours 9-10 and 5-6.
GIRL— For cook and assist general housework;
good .wages ; references. 230T Broadway, near
Kill more.
WAXTED— A girl for general hcraseworkt no
washing; wages $15. Apply at 1333 Grove st,
East Berkeley.
WANTED — First-class ladles' tailor; state ex-
perience, references, salary expected. Apply
box 79C3, Call Offlce.
WANTKD— Apprentice on custom coats; paid
while learnlntr. 410 Kearny St., room 34.
CREAM dipper. Apply 53S Washington st
YOUNG girl for light housework; no cooking.
15E4 Grove Et.
WANTEI>-Young plrt to assist waiting on ta-
bles; experience not necessary; $15. 6S0 Fourth.
WANTED— A young girl to assist in house-
work. Call In morning- 1014 A Washington at
WANTED — A girl for general housework;
wages $20. Apply 1011 Jackson et.
TAILORESS on custom ooats and make button-
holes; good wages. 120 Ellis st
GIRL to do general housework and plain cook-
ing; wages $20. 911H Larkln st
GIRL for housework] good home; wages $3. 4
Hartford st.
WANTED — Chambermaid at New Golden Gata
Hotel. 184 Fourth St.
WOMAN for light housework. Call 1424 Do-
lores Bt., near Duncan.
EXPERIENCED dressmakers wanted. 8S0 Ed-
dy st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
SEWING machine operators wanted at . Levl
Strauss & Co.'s factory, 32^4 Fremont st
Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A conscientious woman, capable" of
taking charge of business and directing em-
ployes; must have references. Address Re-
sponsible, box "17. Call office.
¦WANTED — A German pirl to keep house for a
family of two: a good home; state wages ex-
pected. Box 71S, Call.
WANTED — Middle-aged German woman or
girl for general housework and plain cook-
Ing in small family; no wash; good home. 105
Grove st.
WANTED— Experienced and Inexperienced ap-
prentices on custom coats. 916 Market St..
room 82, eixth floor.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
1728 Fell st.
WANTED— First-class finisher on' vests; also
apprentices; first-class Day. 956 Mission st
WANTED— A girl to do good German cooking
and downstairs work. 1601 Post st.
OPERATORS on custom coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. E41 Market at
WANT first-class skirt hands. D. M. DAV1D-
SON & CO., 62 First st.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted; good
wages; steady work. 2229V6 Mission Bt.
GIRL wanted for light housework; wages $15.
1279 O' Farrell et. '
GOOD buttonhole maker wanted on custom
work; wages from $12 up. 509 Kearny st., r. 2.
FINISHERS on vests; steady work; good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market et
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C)6
Valencia st. '
HELP WASTED-MALE.
WANTED— Two assistant ehlp^ draughtsmen.
An examination of applicants will be held
at tho Navy Yard. Mare Island, Cal., De-
cember 22, 1900, for two assistant ship
draughtsmen at $4 per diem, one to be em-
ployed at the Mare Island Navy Yard, de-
¦. partment of construction and repair, and the
other to be employed in the offlce of the
United States Superintendent Naval Con-
structor, Union Iron Works, San Francisco,
Cal: The examination will be open to all
comers who can glvo evidence of experience
In conducting the kind of work for which
they Beek employment, and who are citizens
of tho United States. Applications should be
addressed to the Commandant, Navy Yard,
Mare Island, Cal., and must be delivered to |
him on or before Friday, December 21. -No
application received after thin date will b«
considered. Each applicant will state in his
application his name, age, residence, citizen-
ship, present occupation and previous employ-
ment or work done. The applications will be
accompanied by evidence of citizenship and
by certificates, preferably . froro previous em-
ployers, as to character, ' habits of Industry
and sobriety nml skill and experience, In con-!
ducting work of the kind required. JOHN D.
LONG, Secretary of tho Navy.
A — THREE carpenters, 6 cabinet makers,' 1
Btirker hand. Mechanics' Registration Bu-
reau, 410 Kearny St., room 9; non-union me-
chanics, please register: new. Jobs daily; no
offlce fees; tel. Main 5384.,. '
BARBERS' Procressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
MA-N wanted with small capital: light work;
can make $65 a "month; experience | not re-
quired. Apply at 1016 Market 6t, room 10. ¦
COATMAKER wanted. 520 Kearny st: first
floor, room 1. '
BARBER wanted Wednesday and Saturday.
721 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Elderly , man to do chores. Apply
1012 Battery Et .
HARD candy helper.- 638 Washington it.
WANTED — A tailor; com* - early ready for
Work. 1346 Turk Bt
HELP WANTED-MALE.
AT.C. R. HANSEN ft^oTsTr^Phone Grant 1[S5
Wanted, correspondent for wholesale house;
must be familiar with canned fruit trade and
California products generally; good salary.
C.». HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... .Phono Grant 183
RAILROAD WORK
25 teamsters, railroad work, State of Nevada,
$2 a day and free fare —
r:., wanted
D. Grant, camp cook; Bartolo Lorenzo and
Pete Johnson, stonemason foremen; Mike
Cravali, stonemason; John Benson, stone bolt
teamster; John Wleland, corral boss, and Gus
Fielander, quarryman
A camp cook for railroad camp, $60
• •• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
; Fry cook, restaurant, $50; cook, country hotel.
?35; all around laundryman, country, $50; all
around laundryman. country, $40; polisher,
country, $25; German waiter, country, $25 to
$30; waiter, country hotel, $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Geary St.
A-MTJRRAY & READY.... Phone Main 6843.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAT ..........
Tiemakers ; We pay your fare
And ship to-day, 50 redwood tiemakers, 9o to
12c, tools and provisions furnished and . fare
paid , , -
Carriage painter ,
Farmers and wives Ranch hands
Boy to learn trade; boys for stores and of-
fice; 150 woodchoppers, all parts of California
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Cook and wife, country hotel; head waiter,
club; chef cook, country club, $50 and found:
cook, $30 to $50 and found; waiter, cook short
orders, $9 a week; night cook; baker, country
ehop; pot washer, laundryman.
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st.
A— J. CORDRT, H. Correy, H. Core, tiemakers,
please report at our office at once. MURRAT
6 READY, C34-638 Clay Bt.
WANTED— A neat, sober old man to wash
dishes for 15 and do chores in small country
hotel; good home; wages $10. Address P. O.
box 233. San Rafael, Cal.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, firemen,
.free scholarship In engineering will be award-
ed a~few well-recommended applicants. Am.
School of Correspondence. Boston. Mass.
BOOTBLACK. lt» Third st. .
BOY wanted to learn pants pressing. ZS3\i
Btevenson St. between Third and Fourth.
VEGETABLE man wanted. People's Restavr-
ant, 631 Clay bL
W ANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
6. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the arjesi ot 21 and 35; not
' less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over t feet
1 Inch in height; able to read, write and
Epeak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce, 40 Ellis
street San Francisco. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements! catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER CQLLEGE. 635 Clay st •
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
.runs. Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBER shop in desirable locality: downtown,
near City Hall; good steady and transient
trada. ETOLTZ, 636 Market St.
PEXSIONS— J. II. Shepard & Co., old reliable
ilrm, 8P6 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
EXPERIENCED fur cutter. 51 PACKERT.
furrier, SIS^ Leavenworth st.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard Bt,
S F. Barbor School.
WANTED— Handy boy -to learn a trade. Pa-
vlOc Trunk and Bag Co., 115 Minna st
YOUNG man wanted to learn the barber trade;
eesy terms. 713 Mission et.
BARBERS — A good 4-chair shop for Eale at a
bargain. Apply at !K)2 Larkln st.
OPERATORS and tailors on coats. BELASCO
JfcjJIARRIS CO., 541 Market et.
LIKE to buy a 2-chair second-hand barber out-
fit. Box 12. Antloch. Ccatra Costa. Co'inty.
WANTED— 1C0 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c
to 50c. EC2 Mission et., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2u sts.
COATMAKER tor country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, %i Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. T. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bua .and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
HEMORRHOIDS:
ANY case of Piles, Piles, Plies, Piles; over 300
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc Ko-r Sale
40. HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction tales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOUSE clipping by experienced men; beatwork;
cheap prices. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; F»nd for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
232S FOLSOM St.— 2-story bay-window house,
7 rooms and bath; rent $23.
JtfYJP> T OT~iS>l7
PROF. RAYMOND-Strictly reliable; teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for S3. 997 Market st.
INVALID CHAiKS AMI) TKICVCLES.
SOLD and rented; nianfr. of the Eames' tricycle
cbair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market tt.
LOST AXD FOUSD.
LOST— In vidnlty of Washington st and Van
Ness ava., late Monday afternoon, December
10, a turquoise star pin with pearl center,
hung as a locket on fine gold chain; liberal
reward. 2114 VaJleJo st
LOST— Saratoga Hall last Saturday night, fur
cape; no questions asked; very, fine reward.
Return MRS. HENDRICKSON. 245 Steuart.
LOST— A Thistle bicycle on Market st. ; re-
ward. Return 741 Howard st
LOST— Black-and-white greyhound bitch. Re-
turn to SSS1 Mission St. and receive reward.
FOUND — Certificate of Standard Con. Mining
Co. stock. Apply 116 Crocker building.
MEDICAL.
MRsTdIr."" WTETH . reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st. bet Hyde and Larkin.
MR3. DR. KOHL, P97 Market St., corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed; when
others fall consult, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DR. AND SIRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market— Ladies*
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps dr.
DRS. GOODWIN, 10074 Market expert on dls-
eases of women; 13 years' practice In S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at offlce; have cured thou-
Bands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladies' spe-
cialist; safe'and suro cure. $5; best care; low
fees; when all others tail consult free.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny st; call and see me.
POSITIVE cure for rheumatism; formula s-nt
upon receipt of $L. Address box 727. Call.
DR. WISE, the ladles' Specialist, HIS Market
street. .. -
MRS. DR. GWTER, ladle** specialist; home
for patients. 604 Eddy St. ¦
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
nrlvlce fre». 704 Sacramento st. near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALmL..
BOILERS. Engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 193-197 Fremont st, •
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new- and second-hand ; we always
have a large 6tock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 comploto outfits. on one floor, ready-made;
we can ship everything in' 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019. • 1021. 1023 Mission st,
abovo Sixth; write for. catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
55 'per month; write for catalogue and price.
EXCHANGE. 4G9 California
. st. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
glncs, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
. etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors, JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers;
Brood order; complete. 1015 Mission, nr. 15th.
AN aermotor: windmill and 2 laree tanks for
sale cheap. F. L. BABIN. 413 Kearny st
FOR sale— A lanre Sn.ratpsa trunk; well pre-
__. served ; price $10. 872 Clementina st
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KET-
. SER, 206 Clay Bt.
40 H. P.: COMPOUND steam engrlnev ¦ complete,
cheap. II. S. WHITE, 511-516-513 Mission »t
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 1S9 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, gold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st. ¦
BAKES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving;
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Sacramento Union March 20, 13» to
May 3, 1S54; Sacramento Bee August 2, 1S30.
to January 1. 1S7S; quoto price on all or any
numbers. W. P. PURNELL. fiacramsnto,
Cal.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought *
eold. Sllverman. 984 Folaom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brio-
a-brao and books. 109 Sixth Bt : tel. Jewle 14L
"WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H.' L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
MOXEY TO I.OA.V. •
AXT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any oth?r gocd security; payable
back In installments cr u a whole; If you
owa a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red taoe and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Ponohoe bldg., ll70 Market
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgage* ...—_.......
.....Interest In Estates................
Undivided Interest In J. al Estate.......
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, eto. j do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms » and 10. 909 Market st
ANT amount at 8 per cent; 1st, Id and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estat» In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business ejse-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In eetates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, lite Insurance. Room 18, first floor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
tUGHLT respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stora, 846 Market
Bt. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and oollat-
erals. J. BROffNSTOXE, 11 Montgomery it
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room S, ConsBrvatory bldg., 801 Jones.
MONEY loanad on personal property or pianos
without removal. 1187 Market, bet 7th & 8th.
CASH loaned on salaries, New Tork plan.
THE TOUSLET CO., £21 Parrott bldg.
%% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy at.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgB; city, country; 6% undl-
vlded lnts; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 368 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
$100, 0C0 TO loan on real estate or for bulidlng;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co., 222 Sansonw. rm 2.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st., room 1.
OX furniture and pianos; no removal; confiden-
tial: on dlamondg. etc. S3 Taylor Bt.
MONETETD lady seeks a ch«-ap paying lodging-
house. Address box 715. Call.
LADY loans money en pawn tickets; liberal.
Address box 763, Call.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMKZVTS.
DURING the next~two weeks our store will b»
open evenings for the convenience of those
who cannot find time to call during the day.
We have the finest line of holiday presents
for you to select from and prices will b« cut
to suit your purse. MAUVAIS' MUSIC
6TORE, 763 Market St.
TO close out our large stock of gramophone
records we will fill all orders until further no-
tice at 40c each or (4 60 per dozen. Send In
promptly, as the supply Is limited. MAU-
VAIS'. 769 Market st.
WE have lots of bargains In second-hand &a
well as new pianos and shall be glad to show
to any one. Our terms are the easiest and our
treatment of all customers the most satis-
factory. MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPAST, 789
Markot Et
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with,
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
¦ within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash an£
|$ per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter Bts., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oak-
yand.
"AS HOLIDAY GIFTS." "
1 Emerson $S5
Sommer IPO
Fisher - ito
Steinway 185
Chickering 195
Mason & Hamlln 825
Heine & Hallett & Davia, $323 to 975
New pianos. J14?. can be exchanged any time
in 5 years, $S down, $6 per month; rent al-
lowed; open eveninss.
HBrNE PIANO CO.. 7X1 Geary st
A-BYRON MAUZY'8.
Holiday Bargains in Slightly Usai PianoB.
Bohmer. nearly new ....$1^0
Byron ilauzy, nearly new..... soo
Decker & Son, walnut case 225
Steinway A Sons ieo
Weber 125
Bord 50
303-310-212 Post st, opp. Union Square.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house-
west of Chicago is ICOHLER & CHASE'S. 25.
23 and 30 O'Farrell »t; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices: fine large one. $135; num-
ber on time limited; agency Chlckerinjr, Ma-
son & Hamlln, Vose, Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O' Farrell st; open even-
ings.
BARGAINS, pianos on storage almost given
away; also car fine new pianos stored from
factory; must be sold at once to realize stor-
age and freight; Installments; open evenlnss.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1710 Market «t.
A MANDOLIN, banjo or guitar would be a
nice Christmas gift GRAEBER sells good
ones; 634 Post Bt
$350 FOR beeutiful upright piano; > pedals-
standard make; or rent for $2 50 month. 342
Kearny at
ALMOST new upright Steinway & Sohmer sac-
rificed; great bargains this month. BRUENN
208 Pest st. *
GENTLEMAN going to Manila must sacrifice
fine large upright piano. 419 Van Ness are.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman Con-
over & others. "\V. B. ALLEN & CO., 314 Post
AT KEEFFE*S, 903 Market st. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agsncyi
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand uprights-
Email Installments. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTA2. 560 Hayes st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H?
S1ULLEE. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright niano
¦ BCHMITZ. IS McAllister rft. n«t Hlb. Ba^k.
- OIL. ~ "" ~~
ASPHALT for sale; quantities to sulf will
contract delivery: pur oil stock advances to So
Bhare Dec. 20. JUANITA OIL CO.. 60© Mont-
gomery st.; agents wanted on commission.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ 330 Pin* street
MEMBER PRODUCERS'" OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited!' j
•' OIL LAXDS FOR SALE~
KERX River Ol^T^d^PrZ^^^f^
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co " for
sale; also other oil laud for sale or lease*' most
wonderful oil field known; over 530 feet oToll
sand -.buy from owners and save commissions-
have been In field from start: wm™ve you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTOX
40 ACRES known oil land, McKittrick district
close to going wells. $35 per acre "cash \ aa
dress F. R. GRAXNIS. 605Mark?t st^
PATEMS ANDPENSIO.NS.
D 'cI'mtH^F? 8 unless' 7 st.cees.fS:
u£aj. v, CAMPBELL; Lawyer, Examiner big.
PERSO*A-LS»
OWEN McCABE. Importer, dealer to feathers;
hair mattress and pillow manufactory! .old
feathers renovated and purWed: all reatheri
cold warranted welfdrwsed with my Pajf?*
steam renovator. S70 Mission. teL Jasale 11M-
X HAT> paralysis and sptaal trouble to tU
worst form, but after treating with Mme.
Ada its weeks gained 17 pounds and am near-
ly well. I also had a bunch on my right «ya.
and both being bloodshot and very weak. Tnj
bunch has entirely gone, and both ay** n«ariy
well and stronger than they havo be«n «J n ij?
I was a boy. B. Arnold. Addrasa at iCSZ.
ADA'S office. 1104 Market st. rooms 8 aad «.
FOR SALE— Cheap; B00O sacks ot good potaWes.
For prices and samplsa comraunlcata wita
6HALMOU2JT ft CO., tU Washington «t..
San Francisco. .
MARRIED couple having no children wish ta
adopt a boy from 4 to t years. Bat Tia. lall.
MEXICAN Hair Grower stops th« hair 5«n
falling immediately and restores gray hair to
Its natural oolor; ladles, call and lmrvstlsats.
Mexican Lady, 143 Sixth st .
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. t«l. Sooth 793,
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; fsathers and hair cleansed; fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BRO8.. 313 and 820 11th rt
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms;
tie to fl 60 per night; $1 M to Ji per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
COTILLON leaders, to! An Imported novelty
In "Favors" at an extremely low price. Ad-
dresa box M3. Call offlce. >u
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound: absolute proof. Call or
address PR. G. 8. MOORE. 433 Geary St.. S. F.
SUITS to ordsr on Installments; $13 upward: $1
a wtelc LEON LEMO3. 1117 Market st. be-
twaen Bevenoth and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-q-aarter
cr doubU. J2 2S. EASTERN- OUTFITTING
CO., 1410-1112 Stockton st, near Broadway.
FINE suits. HO; dress panti. 13 75. MISFIT
CLOTHPJQ PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— *3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. %1 75. Popu-
lar Prlct Hatters, 330 Kearny it. near Pin*.
ALL gantlemsa wishing to marry wealthy seed
lSc for latest list. MK3. HF.RTZ. 706 Ellis ot
KIGER'S stre«per9 are the V-st and cheapest:
all kinds repaired and for eale. 342 Sutter st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 13
years' experience. J. B. HAT, &7 Jessie st
MASSAGE and electricity for facial blamlshes
and wrinkles. Tel. Black 1458; 502 Taylor St.
DANICHEFF sell holiday glove orders, good for
gloves ready-made or to ordar. 121 Orant ave.
lIASQtrETRADE costumes, play bocks, wljrs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint. th» best
corn cur»; 25c; all druip^lsts.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
?ng Ca. 1614 Mkt.. under St Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL, 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: fl: at all druggists.
PALMISTRY.
H. " JERO ME "FSsSELLir*sc!entitJo palmist. 515
Taylor st. bet. G^ary and Post: tel. Blaolt £81.
PARTNERS WASTED.
WANTED — A lady or gentleman partner In
good restaurant on main street of town; good
patronage. Address R., P. O. box 520. Sacro-
mento, Cal.
l'lIY.olCIA.V-t AMJ StRGBONS.
CAKCER3 and tumors cured wtthont aurglcal
operation. DR. J. HERBERT REEVE, 28^
Kearny st
DR. C C O'DONNELL— Offlcn and residence.
1021H Alarket st.. betw>«n Sixth and gevnth.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SAID.
BALDWIN & IIOWELL.
10 Montgomery at.
J700O— Pulton st, near Laguaa; two booses cf
I rooma. bath and baaement each, and ".
f.ats In the rear on tie small street: rent
Jd2; lot 27:6x120. •
(SCOO— Jessie st, near Fifth: three-rtory fnun»
building of etore below and two floors
above of 8 rooms; rent £0; lot 23x71
tSOCO— Gotden Gat* ave., near Lyon st: two
Cats of « rooms and bath tub; rest
t!3 SO; lot 25x137:4.
I500O— Green st, near Gough; flae rectdenc* of
9 rooms and bath, laundry, etc.: lot 2S.«
xl37:C
J4C5O— Hermana st. near FUtmore: two tVo-
•tory bay-window homes of 5 rounu aad
bath each; rent* (10; lot CxtfO to rear
street
t425O— Chestnut St.. nrar Ptnrall; two-atory
house of 7 rooms and bath, and two flats
of 4 rooma cash; rents $43 10; lot 25x
187 a.
J420O— Buchanan at. naar HalghU two-atory
hous* of S Booms and bath.
C2S0— Sumner st. cear Howard; three flats •oa-
tainlng 3. 4 and S rooms: rents $33.
{3300 — Folsom st. near ThinJt tvo-story trams
house of store and 2 rooma below; fiat
above of ( rooms: renta $30.
$3250— Rltch st, near Townsead: fire Cats: reats
$42 50; lot 22OlxS0 to small street
J3000 — Baker St.. near Golden 'Oota ave.: good
cottage of 9 rooms and bath; lot 27:<U11).
$2S0O— Jones st. ; house of • rooms and hath:
fine marine < view; near Union- st. cars.
J1S30 — Heron st, corner, near Fotsom and StH
sts.; two-story frame house in four wee-
merits; ffcnts {23 i<).
$1230— Twenty- first st.. near camrchf'good hoas*
of S rooma and bath; lot 25111x114.
BUILDING LOT.
......TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS CASH
Price $250: only i2Z cash, balance small
monthly payments; a splendid opportunity t>»
commence and secure a future home.
QLETN FARK TERRACE
Half a block from electric cara: only 25 min-
utes from City Hall; raars and full particular*
at office. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
OPPOSITE N'EW PARK ENTRANCE.
Rare Chance for home- builders' and In-
vestment seekers
dotcest btilltllne lets on very easy
payments; on the H-st electric
cars and frontinjr Golden Gate
Park and the new 13th-
ave. boulevard.
Lots and streets on official gradsi;
macadamized; plau.< sidewalks,
jras and water service.
Lot prices — bound to Increase la
value.
TOTTIt OW2* TERMS. ENTEREOT
OJJLT SIX PER CENT.
MONET ADVANCED FOR BUILDING
PURPOSES.
The better class of residence tn Suj*
¦et District are now being occrx- "
pled and constructed on tho
new ldth-avenue bou-
levard.
Call at onoe at our branch ettce
(open week days. Sundays and holi-
days), corner II st. and 9th ave.. south
of Golden Gat* Park, and ask to be
shown these beautiful lots. Full par-
ticulars aad price lists also at ou*
offlce.
BALDWrx & HOWEtl*
T. P. RIORDAN REAL ESTATE AQENT.
C32 Market-Bt.. Room «.
(3.500— «0xl37:«: west side o* Larkln st. near
Union; Mtumlnlzed; grand vi-w; must
be sold: make offer.
$26,00G-Flne largo corner, fronttos three streets,
with Improvements; near City IXaJl: Una
Investment; part cash, balmy on • per
cent mortgaee.
$13,500—80x75 feet; fine Improved uuiuer; south
of Market -«t. with fine lmprovementj:
always rented: $1275 yearly; bargain.
$S.0CO— !SxS» feet; north side of Mima st.. bet.
6th and 8th, jrtth good lmpts. : rents $57:
this . Is a good speculation.
$15,000— Beautiful corner residence of 19 rooms
. and all modern Improvements; fine lo-
cation: best bargain offered In the city.
$25.000— Vine Investment on Mason st. near
O'Farrell; improved.
$a7,BCO-Fine Improved business ocrner, paying
near $600. - :
I have several fine corners south of
Market st: good Investments; pay las
well: gr^at bargalna.
$13,500—65x120; Bush st., near Pollt: with good
Improvements: must be sold: bargain.
Call and see me if you want to sell or buy.
• T. P. RIORDAN. 832 Market st
AN INVESTMENT. ~
A HOME.
A SPECULATION.
If you want either of the above (one of thre«>
attend auction to be held December 12 at 13
nocn at Sherman & Clay's Hall. 223 Sutter st.
This will be a chance to secure a b;irr"Un that
you cannot afford to miss. No such Ust of
property has been offered la 10 years.
IT IS A SALE WITHOUT RE3EKVEL
See auction ad In this paper cr call a* my
office for catalogue and particulars.
B. P. OUVER.
ICEAIj ESTATE AQENT AND AULri'HlMr.VH.
14 MONTGOiffiKT BT. \*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ..WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1900.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
UrSINESS OFFICE cr Th» Baa F*anei«o0
Call, corner of Market ana Third streets; epea
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 1« Montgomery «tre«t.
corner Clay; c?«a until 9:20 p. xa.
•00 E&yea street: open until E:30 x>- m.
C3S McAllister etreet; open until »:S9 P- xn.
615 Larkln etreet; open until t:SO p. xa.
19tt Mission Etreet: open until 10 p. xa.
22a Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: ©pen
ur-.-.I t j>. m.
MX Eleventh etreet; open us til 9 p. xn.
:•:. 6 Valencia etreet; open us til f p. xa.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 8 p. m.
M1SETIXG NOTICES^
CROCKETT Lodge No. 18?. F. and A. M. ¦
— r>. 1st THIS EVENING. December >4 /\^
12. at 7 o'clock. By order of th« W. M- yLj\
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. * ~
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1C6. F. and A. «
M.— fcpeclal mewing THIS (WEDXES- -«%-
DAY) EVENING. Uec. 12. at 7:S0 jLJZ
o'clock, for Instruction. ' r *
THEO E. SMITH. Sec
MISSION Lodge Ko. 1CS, P. and A. iL ¦
—Called meeting THIS (WEDNES-^^
DAY) EVENING, at T :3U o'clock. Third TS5T
_ degree. GEO. P. FLACK. Sec / >F A
JXDRIC Lodge No. ?!«, F. and A- U.— m
Sredal meeting THURSDAY. De*exn- J\^
b. r 13. »t 1:80 o"cloci p. xa.. for the « T^
purpose of conducting the funeral "«rv- ',J*r_
Jces of our deceased brother. PETCH ROD-
RIGES. Master Masons ere fraternally in-
vited to attend. Ey cyder cf the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sep.
K. R- B. will meet !c their hall.
na JSss'.oa «t. THIS (WEDXES- & A
DAY) EVENING. December 11. |l m
Important bus'.aees. s3«a» X*y
pRESn>nNT. yp^£f
KNIGHTS of the Go'.iea Eagl« meet THIS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock.
Native Soas* Hall. 4'.4 Mason Bt; 23 degree.
•THE annual meetlr.e of the stockholders of the
r.'evada National Bank of San Francisco, Cal..
will be beld at 5u banking house, 801 Mont-
tromcry ft, Eaa Francisco. Cal.. ca TUE6-
IjAY *Jar.uar>- 8. 1901. at 8:15 o'clock p. ra.,
ror the election of directors to serve for the
imrrlnr year end the transaction of such
ether burlneos 6» may come before the raeet-
Ing. GEO. GRANT, C&Ehler.
S.as rran^.gco, Peceratxr 8. 1900.
AGEMS WAXTED.
AGENTS are making $5 to $10 a day handling
our hc'.liay books ; big commission; outfit
free. R. K. PATTERSON. «£3 Moatgomery.
flOO TO KM per xncniir. men or women; salary
or commission. SIT Market St., room £15.
ASPUALTUM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; poetai. lli-« Mission; tel. Foliom 1607.
A5THOLOGY.
r>R. C. TOt'FET TATLCJh. Scientific Astrolo-
ger — r*r»e copy "The New Moon." ~C5 Jdarket.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KIXG. tI7 Market et. Cth floor, room 627
— ESrtates. damages. fi-ttachnientB. baiikrttxwcy,
collections; all cases; fair fees; no advance
cl^rges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard li3T.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty ; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
1IO1VE. atty at law. S5o Market, cor. Stockton.
I. E1>W. JARKETT. Hea_>t bidg., Third and
Market sts. ; phcne Red K62.
ADVICE free: r.o chare* unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, i'-7 Market st.. ori'. Mason.
L. S. CLAKK. Kn.n.2. ppreckels b!dg.. S27 Mar-
kn Ft.: iwmrpititlffli free; no f*es in advance. 1
CHEAPEST and best In Anwrlca-The Weekly J
Call. 1€ jiage?, eent to any address in the
Vniiivl Ptatr-s. r-oytpaM. for fl p*r year.
BATH CABIXETS.
ItOBIXFON. Niagara. Perfection and oth^re. W.
t=. BftOWK CO.. 8«.->ncy, 4"« Ellis et.. e. F.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exehaiige.
BICYCLES at r^duc^d prices: we are clearing
out our I&W niooels to make room for new I
IK'l Ftock. Yosemlte Cycle Works, 112Z Market, j
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — S1SO; Baloon; estab. 20 years; close to Chron-
icle blig. ; «ock will invoice tbe price; lease;
p'.a^e known c* one of the be6t-pa.ying retorts
in this ouy. GUI 11. G. WIlJiE. 2GVi Kearny.
Ui<0 — COKNEH saloon on Davis rt.; no &unday |
or ni«ht work: rent $ZG: a Cret-cl&Es paying j
proposition. Inquire H. G. VTILKE, »H
K carry st.
tiOO— FOU eale — Saloon, one block north of
Market Et. : under present ownership over a
dozen rears; reasonable rent; examine stock:
tare chaiu-e. Paniculatt It G. WILKE, 26^4
K«arny §t
A— $600: CORNER saloon en Jaclrson et. : rrnt
Ji' '¦ k«:pi by present owner 7 years; grood ti«l-
riPFS: clearir:? US per month. R. G. WILJLE.
26'» Kearr.y et.
A— OYSTER depot; price 11500; place doing a
large business. rac*Uy wholesale; cash trade;
not leps than t"^ proSt per month; fullest ln-
v^TiEration solicited. Particulars R. G.
U1LKB. 26'ri Kearny et
• A— S700; HALOOX end lunch house; surrounded t
by wholesale houses and machine shops; es- I
taHisbed yc-are; rent $30; splendid offer. Call j
IX. «J. IVILKJ;. 26^ Kearny et. I
A-K^: GNE-IiALF Interest In good paying I
reftsunat en Kearny et; a firei-clats prop- j
..fi.irn for the right party. R. G. WILKE. j
16*4 Kearny et. !
A— SITW; BASEST; corner, in Western Add.; j
estab. many jears; i horees. wagon, etc.; bak- :
ing 4 barrelf i^r day; 5 living rooms, b<tfh;
rest J50; 6 vears' lease; death of owner cause ¦
of t-a'.e. It. O. WILKIi. Kearny St. j
A HAL-F-INTKKKrvT In an old established j
laundry: liorte and wagon; price $500; a first- j
fiats paying business; cr will Eell one-third
Interest al the tame price and invest the •
matter for machinery. Call R. G. WILKE.
. SO** kfarny et.
GLD-ESTAELlSIinD end well-paying corner
grocery and bar; excellently located; well ]
stocked; completely furnished with all jnod-
*-rn fixtures i>ertainine to the business: sell-
' Ins for one-half Its actual value. M. A.
};:'.OOKS. 12 Golden Gale ave.
JUO— FUKNCH laundry, with all tool» neces-
sary: doing fine business; celling departure.
BAPILE. 2 Kddy St. _^^_
COItXEIt grocery' etore for rent, t25; formerly
ICO; bip city, country trade. LaYMaXCE.
<C0 Eighth et, Oakland.
IC — GOOD paying restaurant: a sacrifice;
worth double the amount: sickness cause of
lie. FLOKES CO., 1016 Market Et.. rm. 10.
IF you want to buy. eell or exchange anything
en earth see E. J. LCXPIX. £35 Market gt.
¦WANTED — Ey young man. a partner with 12000
or POM in wholesale manufacturing business:
ii.Jrea.dy established; a fine chance to build
up a large burlncfs. Bex 726, Call office.
A— PLAY THE RACES—
10 to £0 j*r cer.t profit monthly on our ne<w
ryFtera; call and inveFtigate. X. S. HAXD &
CO.. expert han<I:capi>ers. euit 12. J4 Kearny.
CASH grocery at thre<v fourths Inventory; this
week only: splendid business; also tZM gro-
cery. KIXG'8. 4:7 Xlnth St.. Oakland.
JDW— PAliTJCETt wanted In well -paying restau-
rant. Particulars inquire at 1067 Market up-
gtalrB. In photo gallery; agents avoided.
J100— CORXER grocery and bar; good business!
larg* Block; fine fixtures; cause elckneaa. Ad-
rii-ess box 729. Call offlce.
A— BAKKRY. delicatessen, eaadles. etc.; nice
place lor man end wife; full value 1225. Four-
teenth and Peralta ete., Oakland.
A— ?<000; BREWERY and bottling works; own-
er has other business; cannot attend to both;
will Bell half or whole. See owner. C05 Battery.
EXPRESS or shipping office to let at C2 Steuart
etroct
»200 LONG established restaurant; must be
Bold next » days. *Si Geary et.
AUCTTOX— Auction of rertaurant, furnished
complete. Il9< Market et.
jgoo STATIONERY, clean stock and fixtures;
good holiday trade. Addresj box £12, Call.
CAXDY, Ire cream, cigar and Btatfonerj' etore;
laundry efflce. €>& Post cr. Taylor: no agents.
A BA-KERY, delieateseen and confectionery
store; J200. MS Howard «t
FOR eale— An old established bakery, wagon
and two horses. Apply 8S3 Bryant tt
FIHST-CLAFS ealoon for sale; on account at
death; S1S03. Call 222 Fell st..
I'RIVTERS take notice— SC&O will buy a fine
outfit. JOHN W. BRACE. K>€ Market r. 7-g.
FIVE restaurant; central location; big bus. bon-
toa; cheap rent; payip. 927 Market r. 618.
KINDT Y hens for eale at £0c «ach; one and
two years old, in Forty-fifth St.. Oakland.
FOR sale on account of eickneeR, oyeter, fruit
end notion store. 1100 Golden Gate ave,
2-CHAIR. furnished barber-*hop to let; rent
JU. SE. cor. Turk and Soott sts.
TOUXG man want* lady or gentleman partner;
W00; legitimate business. I*ox 238, Call effloe.
BZ-KERY— Business comer. ov e n -_fl x ? ur **L - l*
letT Mth A Guerrero. Owner. 13 Chattanooga.
A. NO. 1 restaurant aa4 coffw parlor lor tale.
Call at C» ICeamjr st.
_- — --- - ~ . . -
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
FRUIT and cigar ttore; $560; snap; clear* $100
a month i reason tor celling, owner ill.
BERRY, 457 Ninth »t, Oakland.
RESTAURANT for »ale. with lease; good pay-
Ing business; cafe, cash register, etc; open
for Inspection. 185 Ellis et
TWO-CHAIR to barber shop cheap at »36H
Howard et Inquire at 208 Langton it, after
6 p. m.
tVANTED— To buy laundry route, with good
horee and wagon. Inquire M. WINTHER, S39
Howard tt. •
NO. 1 city retail business for isaie: a bargain;
fullest Investigation. Box 456. Call.
L.ODGIXG-HOCSES FOR SALE. '
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
fg rooms, clears $175, fine location J^oW)
7 rooms, central, rent $30. bargain....... 175
CS rooms, elegant furniture, \two en-
trances, a first-class transient house.... 8000
14 roome, sickness, rent $3o, enap 600
22 rooms, offices, new furniture, rent only
$75; A No. 1 location; worth $2000 1S00
55 rras.. rent $116. new house, new furn.. 2600
12 rooms, rent $45, fine furniture, cood
carpets, house always full, good location 750
S4 rooma, put 1133 In bank in November.. 2800
16 roome. N. of Mkt. rent $85. clears $«4. 890
CO rooms, rent $100, guaranteed full 3200
65 rooms, reduced from S5000. owner sick. 8S00
MOXEY loaned on lodglng-houees, 1H p. c;
anything you want In lodging-houses; s'mpls;
87 rooms; on Powell st. ; rent $175: price.. $1900
14 roome; on Leavenworth; rent $125; price 1900
16 rooms; on eunny Fide; rent $25; price.. 750
7 rooms; on Geary et; rent $40; price..... 450
Good paying restaurant, near Hall of Justice,
for eale or exchange for lodging-houeej 17
rooms In center of Oakland, with front block,
lawn, palms, flowers, ro6«a, no work, full of
teaohers. Income $65, price $1800, half cash,
rent $S2; a $450 piano for $200.
For quick ealfs list your houses with A. L.
WTLLEY, 91S Market Bt; phone Black E21S.
A FEW BARGAINS— 600 houses to select from:
money loaned to buyers.
16 rooms: rent $65; clears J50 a mo.; price. $800
56 rooms; rent $175; clears JU5 mo.; prlc«.$2000
24 rooms; rent $S0; pays $S5 a mo.; price... $1000
47 rooms; rent J60; profitable: price $1100
6CHWEKHARD.
Rooms 1-2. No. 817 Market St., bet 5th & eth.
A— 22-ROOM house; central tJOOS
£0-rooE3 house; first-class ._.._.... 1050
U-room house; $475; 6-room flat............ 825
£0-room bouse: Eddy; rent $75: only «00
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market *t
ENAP—^ 11 rooms, furnished ; clears $25 per mo.;
only $125. FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st
R. H, WINSTON & CO., IOCS Market Et
18 rooms: rent $55; make offer. .............. STt.0
€3 rooms; cheap rent; only ........2100
SO rooms; corner; elevator 6500
100 rooms ; new r modern; part cash.
«> ROOMS; rentflUO I221W
12 roome; nloely furnished i'OC
100 rooms; elegant furniture 6000
Will loan from $100 up at 1H Pff oent.
DAVIS & RIVES, r. t% 916 Mkt st
CARRIAGES AXD "WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO., clearance eale; low-
wheel. rubber-tire roaa wagon, $80; other
styles at proportionately low prices; Eultable
Xrnas presents. Markt. nr. 9th.« opp. St. Nlch..
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EQAN & SOX, 8117 Mission Bt
FOR sal*— 2 waffle wagons, horee and harness;
worth S700. 210£ Mason Ft., rear.
AN A Xo. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for cale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
r.#FB. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIKITU ALI SM.
MRS. DR. FARXHAM, world renowned spirit-
ual medium: advice in all affairs of life, law-
eults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed., Frl.ev's;
corn* nnd be convinced. Permanently located
£12 Eddy Et., bet. Hyde and Larkln; no eign. j
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant: treats all dtseapes at office or by letter;
Eittlngs, |l. 11C4 O'Farrell Ft.; take Ellis car. j
EARLE, 205 Taylor Bt., cor. of Ellis; sittings
dally; occult circles Sunday, Tuesday and
Thursday.
CIRCLE to-night, 8 sharp, 10c; readings flally.
MME. MARQUISE, 5 Hyde Et., nr. McAllister.
MRS. HOTTER" S circle to-night 10c; sittings
daily; Indies 60c; pents $1. S4 Sixth et, r. 15.
C. Mayo-Pteers, 1124 Oak, spiritual medium t
readings, |l; hours 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard C27.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy et.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C J.
Meyer, Fittings : convincing tests to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
CONSULT BANDERS~ior'health~and fortune.
Consult SANDERS for spiritual development
Consult BANDERS for wedded bliss.
Consult BAXDERB for Biblical interpretation.
Consult SANDERS for lucky days & numbers.
Consult BANDERS for lost property.
Consult 6A>TDERS on all love affairs.
Consult SANDERS and learn what to do.
Consult SANDERS for Immediate good luck.
Consult BANDERS regarding oil and mlnlrg.
......Circles Thursdays, 2 p. m. and
Fridays at 8 p. m.. 85c
Consult SANDERS daily at 614 Taylor «t.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, ie permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
end £6; take elevator. Perfect eatief action
guaranteed by maiL Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading:; ladies 60c.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. elt. $1 CO. 126 Turk.
IPMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 114S Market opp.
Ctn; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 6 p. in.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice '
given in all affairs of life; eatlsf action guar-
anteed; Soc ur>. 17 Third et., next Examiner.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; £5c up- E23 Mission St., nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
, MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the Kreat palm-
let and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh st.
PALMISTRY, card reading; articles read clalr-
| voyantly gratis. 722 Eddy, nr. Polk, no sign.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth et., room 14.
MME. HELMTTH, card reader, astrologist—
Ladies. 25c; German epeken. S3S Mission st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2Sc. 1149 Mission.
GIPSY; genuine clairvoyant; located 10 days 114
Turk et.; ladies, 25c; gents, EOc. "Frawley."
1IM13. STBILLE reads life; future husband's
photo; 25c; hours E to 12 a. m.
MME. BCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
eittlngs dally. 44S»4 Jessie Bt
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant end business
medium. 215 Kearny St., rooms S-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; L;";lnefs
advice; names given; 25c up. E Fourth si.
CARPET I1EATIXG AXD CLE.4JSIXG.
WHEN you become di3gusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. S53-3S7 Tehama at. I tel. Bouth 40.
STANDARD. SIS Guerrero— Curtains -and blan-
kets renovated, 26c per pair; carpets cleaned,
Z6 yd; laying a epeclalty. Phcne Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 8o per yard, laid at Be.
STRATTOS'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie S44.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Bteam Carpet-Beating Works. Gk EL
STEVENS. Mgr.. 88-4» 8th et.: toL Bouth 250.
ADVANCE Carpet -Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 834. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 2SS Golden
Gate #i-e. : telephone East 126. • •-„•-•
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, lnerown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; consul'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room CIO. 827 Market st
DEXTISTS.
AT
ket et., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our Epeclalty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. ra. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings. COc; plates,
$5, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth et
EIGHT prizes for btst crowns, plates bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O" Farrell et
"MAIN Offlce" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market »t, bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges: teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
PARIS Dantal Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Hush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25o.
JVAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Bun-
days. 1001 Market at, corner eixth.
j •¦ DEXTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 1209 Market
et ; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
A. L. SIMPSON, D. P. B.
SET of teeth without plate. 5r! H. G.
YOUNO. 1841 Polk at.
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate ekin:agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag*cy. 426 Kills.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O Connor & Moffatt.
DRESSMAKING; reasonable prices: dresses
made over; perfect fit. 887 Geary st. '
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.r-
Ehorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert^ 1 .
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prae-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Poat st.
& F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, eto.; day
and night sessions; ncwSfr-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AIRES' Business College, 723 Market st: day
and evening; Individual instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
ATTENTION t-Tarr's. pupils thorough book-
keeplng figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. £20 Parrott bid.
MIES M. O. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porten best teacher, best system. 802 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full cours* this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
ICESS COLLEGER 1238 Market st
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, meoh., Bur-
vev, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market
MT7NSON, School Shorthand, Typing. Bookkeep-
lng, Spanish. 137 Monfy. B. M. Carpenter, pr.
LEARN German In three months; $5 per month.
Y. M. C. A. building, Bth floor.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, muslo studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1SS6 Eddy et.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-yight class. 424 Pine Bt
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
E3IPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible housecloanlng eo. ; est.
1870; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 DeviBadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD A.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 yeans; all kinds help.
421 Post et.. near Powell; telephone Bush 125.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 260L
JAPAXESB and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. 526 CFferrell st.; tel. Hyde- 2181.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice-, all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.; domeetlc serv. 41T Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEIJM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 416 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black E072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 411V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE.
A— FIRST-CLASS German cook and German
Becond girl, very best Eastern references, 7
years In last place, want places together,
city or country, $30 and $25. C. R. HANSEN
Si CO., 104 Geary et., phone Grant 185.
WOMAN" with a child 7 years old wants a posi-
tion as working housekeeper or znanage lodg-
lne-houe«. 127 Turk et.
BY thoroughly competent woman: good cook;
would assist with housework: city or across
the bay; references $20 to $25; carfare ex-
pected. 60S Joaes st
EXPERIENCED chambermaid wishes work In
hotel, lodging-house, kitchen helper or house-
work; $1 per day and car fare; weekly, $4 to
$3; sleep home. A. C. 711 California st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day,
washing. Ironing or housecleanlng. Address
Washwoman, cara grocery, corner Laguna
and Fulton sts.
RESPECTABLE elderly woman wishes to do
housework In American family; city or coun-
try; reference. Box 786. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes placet general
housework; good referenoes. 318V4 Rltch st.
between Brannan and Townsend.
A TOUNG woman wishes work by the day;
washing, Ironing or housecleanlng. Box 732,
Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes situation as housekeeper or
general housework; country. Apply 87 Sec-
ond tt.
RELIABLE woman will do washing or house-
cleanlng, $1 60 per day. 55 Oak Grove ave., off
Harrison Bt, between Fifth and Sixth.
"WAITRESS, first class, wants position; three
years In last place: Belling out cause of leav-
ing. Address box 72S, Call offlce.
XICE woman, good cook, would like position
where, there aro no other women to Interfere;
good references. B30 Gough St.
YOUNG girl wishes a place for second work.
Call at 709 Jackson et.. Oakland; no poatals.
YOUNG lady wishes situation to take care of
baby or awi't in light housework; no wash-
ing. Apply 318 Minna Bt.
STRONG, reliable Danish girl wishes a place
to* do housecleanlng or washing by the day;
very cheaj>. Call or address 7 De Boom St.,
off Second^
SITUATION wanted— By a young German
woman aa restaurant or boarding-house cook;
experienced short order cook. Call 817 Mis-
sion st. • -
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires a position In re-
fined American family as Feamstrees; ie a
fine dressmaker. Address Mrs. G. W. M.,
949 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted (chambermaid). Call 244
Taylor Bt.
MEAT and pastry cook, colored, would like
place in city; female; good reference. Box
725. Call.
GOOD, reliable woman wants a position by
the day or week; general work and plain
cooking or sweeping and washing. Address
box 2. Call branch offlce. 800 Hayes st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 EO night, $1 60 to it
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements, and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
MAN stenographer, long experience . In law,
railroad and mercantile work, desires Immedi-
ate employment: unquestionable references.
Box 721. Call office.
COMMERCIAL traveler of experience; highest
references as to ability and character: desires.
Immediate employment Box 780, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted In a private place; under-
stand the care of garden, horses and cows;
$20. J. W. LOTHROP. 329 Thirteenth at.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants position hotel or
restaurant; first-class city references. Ad-
dress PETERSON, 615 Larkln Bt
BREAD and cake baker want* position. 813
Leavenworth fit
AN experienced nunse wishes situation; good
reference. AddVess T. SHEEHBY. 144 Juniper.
TOUNG man wants a position as helper of an
engineer. CARL BANSCHER, 1309 Stockton.
COOK wants work; a good, careful cook; wages
moderate. T. SMITH. 218 Minna st
EXPERIENCED offlce man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other of floe work;
security given If wanted. A. B. box 722, Call.
WANTED— Position as fireman; on stationary
plant preferred. 661V6 Minna St.
GOOD man cook wishes situation; French,
English, German cooking. 204 1 ,. Minna at
MR. BODDCIITL. /
BY experienced, reliable male stenographer,
. with knowledge of bookkeeping; can corres-
pond In Swedish and Norwegian: reasonable
salary; -references. Box 724, Call.
SITUATION wanted — A good cake baker, fore-
man (at present employed), will change If a
better Job Is offered: willing to go short dis-
tance In country. Address box 663. Call.
CHEMIST of wide experience In manufactur-
ing will furnish Instructions for making
anything desired. Chemist, box E46. Call.
JAPANESE boy wishes work cleaning offlce or
any kind little work In house, morning or
evening: room not necessary. HENRY, 2122
Fillmore gt. ' t
JAPANESE flrst-clais laundry man wants Bit-
uation; work by the day. GEORGE ISHITA.
104 EW^-ith st, telephone Fol»om 188.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
. WANTED— An energetic, reliable young I man
, of some business experience is desirous of ob-
taining a position as offlce or stock clerk In
a wholesale house; references from present
employer; moderate wages. A: J.. box 2061.
¦ Call. ¦ . ¦ - ¦ ¦¦¦---
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 526 Mont-
gomery tt. ¦ ¦
YOUNG man desires work of any kind; wages
no object; country preferred. Box 726, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore gt.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
eubecrlptloos has been established at 1098
Valencia it. '_ '
PLATS TO LET-
ELGIN PARK. 26, near Thirteenth rt— 4 sunny
rooms, laundry; partly furnlsh-ed..
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW eunny upper flat, 7 rooms and bath; all
modern Improvements. 29 Laussat ave.
TO let— At $11 each, 4 fine flats on Folsom st,
opposite Columbia Square, between Sixth and
Beventh sts.. by JOHN FFORR. 403 Pine Bt.
$7— 4- ROOM flats on Victor st, off Bryant, bet
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 341 Bryant.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pares, sent to any address In tho
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS " TO LET— FUHSISHED.
HERitANTf. 41. nr. Valencia— Furnished oor-
ner flat of 4 rooms, with bath. $18.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
i ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture -Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FURyiTURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market Bt. : tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive hlgrhoet value for furn., carpets, eto..
Bee W. E. CODY, 757 Mission, tel.' Red 8253.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin ; tel. Folk 691.
. furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot caah.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress. Saoramento, $.25; 6 waitresses, coun-
try hotels, $20; 2 waitresses, city, 120; 8 cham-
bermaids to wait $20; woman cook, city, $30;
8 salesladies for clove store. $6 week, and
man}' others.
FAMDL.Y DEPARTMENT
1 A waitress with flrst-claes references for
first-class private family, city, ?J5; Swedish
or German housejirl for 2 In family for
Sonora, see party in the city; another house-
glri, *30. no chlldi-en, for Glenn County, eea
party here; housegirls, Oakland nnd Ala-
raeda, J20 and $25, and too many orders for
housegirls, second girls and young nurseglrls
to enumerate; cooks, etc.; 2 cooks, $35 and
*30, one for city and one for Oakland. C R.
HAN T SEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
NURSEGIRL, care of 2 children and assist
with light upstairs work. $15, $20, see party
here. O. R. IIANSE^N & CO.. 104 Geary St.
AN experienced colored nureeglrl, $15 to $20.
C. R. HANSBN & CO., 101 Geary st
COOK— Son Jose, $30, see party here; second
girl. ?25; seamstress, $25; two cooks, city. $30
tach; 8 housegrirls $30 <tacli; waitress, $20.
MRS. NORTON, 813 Sutter St.
WANTED— Young girl to take care of child;
board and Bleep at home. Apply immediately,
The Wellesley. cor. California and Larkin sts.
WANTED — Female attendant, strong and tall."
for an elderly gentleman. Inquire 2113 Cali-
fornia st. hours 9-10 and 5-6.
GIRL— For cook and assist general housework;
good .wages ; references. 230T Broadway, near
Kill more.
WAXTED— A girl for general hcraseworkt no
washing; wages $15. Apply at 1333 Grove st,
East Berkeley.
WANTED — First-class ladles' tailor; state ex-
perience, references, salary expected. Apply
box 79C3, Call Offlce.
WANTKD— Apprentice on custom coats; paid
while learnlntr. 410 Kearny St., room 34.
CREAM dipper. Apply 53S Washington st
YOUNG girl for light housework; no cooking.
15E4 Grove Et.
WANTEI>-Young plrt to assist waiting on ta-
bles; experience not necessary; $15. 6S0 Fourth.
WANTED— A young girl to assist in house-
work. Call In morning- 1014 A Washington at
WANTED — A girl for general housework;
wages $20. Apply 1011 Jackson et.
TAILORESS on custom ooats and make button-
holes; good wages. 120 Ellis st
GIRL to do general housework and plain cook-
ing; wages $20. 911H Larkln st
GIRL for housework] good home; wages $3. 4
Hartford st.
WANTED — Chambermaid at New Golden Gata
Hotel. 184 Fourth St.
WOMAN for light housework. Call 1424 Do-
lores Bt., near Duncan.
EXPERIENCED dressmakers wanted. 8S0 Ed-
dy st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
SEWING machine operators wanted at . Levl
Strauss & Co.'s factory, 32^4 Fremont st
Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A conscientious woman, capable" of
taking charge of business and directing em-
ployes; must have references. Address Re-
sponsible, box "17. Call office.
¦WANTED — A German pirl to keep house for a
family of two: a good home; state wages ex-
pected. Box 71S, Call.
WANTED — Middle-aged German woman or
girl for general housework and plain cook-
Ing in small family; no wash; good home. 105
Grove st.
WANTED— Experienced and Inexperienced ap-
prentices on custom coats. 916 Market St..
room 82, eixth floor.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
1728 Fell st.
WANTED— First-class finisher on' vests; also
apprentices; first-class Day. 956 Mission st
WANTED— A girl to do good German cooking
and downstairs work. 1601 Post st.
OPERATORS on custom coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. E41 Market at
WANT first-class skirt hands. D. M. DAV1D-
SON & CO., 62 First st.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted; good
wages; steady work. 2229V6 Mission Bt.
GIRL wanted for light housework; wages $15.
1279 O' Farrell et. '
GOOD buttonhole maker wanted on custom
work; wages from $12 up. 509 Kearny st., r. 2.
FINISHERS on vests; steady work; good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market et
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C)6
Valencia st. '
HELP WASTED-MALE.
WANTED— Two assistant ehlp^ draughtsmen.
An examination of applicants will be held
at tho Navy Yard. Mare Island, Cal., De-
cember 22, 1900, for two assistant ship
draughtsmen at $4 per diem, one to be em-
ployed at the Mare Island Navy Yard, de-
¦. partment of construction and repair, and the
other to be employed in the offlce of the
United States Superintendent Naval Con-
structor, Union Iron Works, San Francisco,
Cal: The examination will be open to all
comers who can glvo evidence of experience
In conducting the kind of work for which
they Beek employment, and who are citizens
of tho United States. Applications should be
addressed to the Commandant, Navy Yard,
Mare Island, Cal., and must be delivered to |
him on or before Friday, December 21. -No
application received after thin date will b«
considered. Each applicant will state in his
application his name, age, residence, citizen-
ship, present occupation and previous employ-
ment or work done. The applications will be
accompanied by evidence of citizenship and
by certificates, preferably . froro previous em-
ployers, as to character, ' habits of Industry
and sobriety nml skill and experience, In con-!
ducting work of the kind required. JOHN D.
LONG, Secretary of tho Navy.
A — THREE carpenters, 6 cabinet makers,' 1
Btirker hand. Mechanics' Registration Bu-
reau, 410 Kearny St., room 9; non-union me-
chanics, please register: new. Jobs daily; no
offlce fees; tel. Main 5384.,. '
BARBERS' Procressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
MA-N wanted with small capital: light work;
can make $65 a "month; experience | not re-
quired. Apply at 1016 Market 6t, room 10. ¦
COATMAKER wanted. 520 Kearny st: first
floor, room 1. '
BARBER wanted Wednesday and Saturday.
721 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Elderly , man to do chores. Apply
1012 Battery Et .
HARD candy helper.- 638 Washington it.
WANTED — A tailor; com* - early ready for
Work. 1346 Turk Bt
HELP WANTED-MALE.
AT.C. R. HANSEN ft^oTsTr^Phone Grant 1[S5
Wanted, correspondent for wholesale house;
must be familiar with canned fruit trade and
California products generally; good salary.
C.». HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... .Phono Grant 183
RAILROAD WORK
25 teamsters, railroad work, State of Nevada,
$2 a day and free fare —
r:., wanted
D. Grant, camp cook; Bartolo Lorenzo and
Pete Johnson, stonemason foremen; Mike
Cravali, stonemason; John Benson, stone bolt
teamster; John Wleland, corral boss, and Gus
Fielander, quarryman
A camp cook for railroad camp, $60
• •• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
; Fry cook, restaurant, $50; cook, country hotel.
?35; all around laundryman, country, $50; all
around laundryman. country, $40; polisher,
country, $25; German waiter, country, $25 to
$30; waiter, country hotel, $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Geary St.
A-MTJRRAY & READY.... Phone Main 6843.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAT ..........
Tiemakers ; We pay your fare
And ship to-day, 50 redwood tiemakers, 9o to
12c, tools and provisions furnished and . fare
paid , , -
Carriage painter ,
Farmers and wives Ranch hands
Boy to learn trade; boys for stores and of-
fice; 150 woodchoppers, all parts of California
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Cook and wife, country hotel; head waiter,
club; chef cook, country club, $50 and found:
cook, $30 to $50 and found; waiter, cook short
orders, $9 a week; night cook; baker, country
ehop; pot washer, laundryman.
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st.
A— J. CORDRT, H. Correy, H. Core, tiemakers,
please report at our office at once. MURRAT
6 READY, C34-638 Clay Bt.
WANTED— A neat, sober old man to wash
dishes for 15 and do chores in small country
hotel; good home; wages $10. Address P. O.
box 233. San Rafael, Cal.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, firemen,
.free scholarship In engineering will be award-
ed a~few well-recommended applicants. Am.
School of Correspondence. Boston. Mass.
BOOTBLACK. lt» Third st. .
BOY wanted to learn pants pressing. ZS3\i
Btevenson St. between Third and Fourth.
VEGETABLE man wanted. People's Restavr-
ant, 631 Clay bL
W ANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
6. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the arjesi ot 21 and 35; not
' less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over t feet
1 Inch in height; able to read, write and
Epeak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce, 40 Ellis
street San Francisco. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements! catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER CQLLEGE. 635 Clay st •
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
.runs. Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBER shop in desirable locality: downtown,
near City Hall; good steady and transient
trada. ETOLTZ, 636 Market St.
PEXSIONS— J. II. Shepard & Co., old reliable
ilrm, 8P6 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
EXPERIENCED fur cutter. 51 PACKERT.
furrier, SIS^ Leavenworth st.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard Bt,
S F. Barbor School.
WANTED— Handy boy -to learn a trade. Pa-
vlOc Trunk and Bag Co., 115 Minna st
YOUNG man wanted to learn the barber trade;
eesy terms. 713 Mission et.
BARBERS — A good 4-chair shop for Eale at a
bargain. Apply at !K)2 Larkln st.
OPERATORS and tailors on coats. BELASCO
JfcjJIARRIS CO., 541 Market et.
LIKE to buy a 2-chair second-hand barber out-
fit. Box 12. Antloch. Ccatra Costa. Co'inty.
WANTED— 1C0 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c
to 50c. EC2 Mission et., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2u sts.
COATMAKER tor country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, %i Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. T. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bua .and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
HEMORRHOIDS:
ANY case of Piles, Piles, Plies, Piles; over 300
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc Ko-r Sale
40. HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction tales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOUSE clipping by experienced men; beatwork;
cheap prices. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; F»nd for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
232S FOLSOM St.— 2-story bay-window house,
7 rooms and bath; rent $23.
JtfYJP> T OT~iS>l7
PROF. RAYMOND-Strictly reliable; teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for S3. 997 Market st.
INVALID CHAiKS AMI) TKICVCLES.
SOLD and rented; nianfr. of the Eames' tricycle
cbair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market tt.
LOST AXD FOUSD.
LOST— In vidnlty of Washington st and Van
Ness ava., late Monday afternoon, December
10, a turquoise star pin with pearl center,
hung as a locket on fine gold chain; liberal
reward. 2114 VaJleJo st
LOST— Saratoga Hall last Saturday night, fur
cape; no questions asked; very, fine reward.
Return MRS. HENDRICKSON. 245 Steuart.
LOST— A Thistle bicycle on Market st. ; re-
ward. Return 741 Howard st
LOST— Black-and-white greyhound bitch. Re-
turn to SSS1 Mission St. and receive reward.
FOUND — Certificate of Standard Con. Mining
Co. stock. Apply 116 Crocker building.
MEDICAL.
MRsTdIr."" WTETH . reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st. bet Hyde and Larkin.
MR3. DR. KOHL, P97 Market St., corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed; when
others fall consult, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DR. AND SIRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market— Ladies*
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps dr.
DRS. GOODWIN, 10074 Market expert on dls-
eases of women; 13 years' practice In S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at offlce; have cured thou-
Bands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladies' spe-
cialist; safe'and suro cure. $5; best care; low
fees; when all others tail consult free.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny st; call and see me.
POSITIVE cure for rheumatism; formula s-nt
upon receipt of $L. Address box 727. Call.
DR. WISE, the ladles' Specialist, HIS Market
street. .. -
MRS. DR. GWTER, ladle** specialist; home
for patients. 604 Eddy St. ¦
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
nrlvlce fre». 704 Sacramento st. near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALmL..
BOILERS. Engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 193-197 Fremont st, •
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new- and second-hand ; we always
have a large 6tock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 comploto outfits. on one floor, ready-made;
we can ship everything in' 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019. • 1021. 1023 Mission st,
abovo Sixth; write for. catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
55 'per month; write for catalogue and price.
EXCHANGE. 4G9 California
. st. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
glncs, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
. etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors, JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers;
Brood order; complete. 1015 Mission, nr. 15th.
AN aermotor: windmill and 2 laree tanks for
sale cheap. F. L. BABIN. 413 Kearny st
FOR sale— A lanre Sn.ratpsa trunk; well pre-
__. served ; price $10. 872 Clementina st
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KET-
. SER, 206 Clay Bt.
40 H. P.: COMPOUND steam engrlnev ¦ complete,
cheap. II. S. WHITE, 511-516-513 Mission »t
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 1S9 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, gold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st. ¦
BAKES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving;
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Sacramento Union March 20, 13» to
May 3, 1S54; Sacramento Bee August 2, 1S30.
to January 1. 1S7S; quoto price on all or any
numbers. W. P. PURNELL. fiacramsnto,
Cal.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought *
eold. Sllverman. 984 Folaom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brio-
a-brao and books. 109 Sixth Bt : tel. Jewle 14L
"WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H.' L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
MOXEY TO I.OA.V. •
AXT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any oth?r gocd security; payable
back In installments cr u a whole; If you
owa a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red taoe and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Ponohoe bldg., ll70 Market
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgage* ...—_.......
.....Interest In Estates................
Undivided Interest In J. al Estate.......
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, eto. j do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms » and 10. 909 Market st
ANT amount at 8 per cent; 1st, Id and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estat» In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business ejse-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In eetates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, lite Insurance. Room 18, first floor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
tUGHLT respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stora, 846 Market
Bt. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and oollat-
erals. J. BROffNSTOXE, 11 Montgomery it
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room S, ConsBrvatory bldg., 801 Jones.
MONEY loanad on personal property or pianos
without removal. 1187 Market, bet 7th & 8th.
CASH loaned on salaries, New Tork plan.
THE TOUSLET CO., £21 Parrott bldg.
%% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy at.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgB; city, country; 6% undl-
vlded lnts; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 368 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
$100, 0C0 TO loan on real estate or for bulidlng;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co., 222 Sansonw. rm 2.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st., room 1.
OX furniture and pianos; no removal; confiden-
tial: on dlamondg. etc. S3 Taylor Bt.
MONETETD lady seeks a ch«-ap paying lodging-
house. Address box 715. Call.
LADY loans money en pawn tickets; liberal.
Address box 763, Call.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMKZVTS.
DURING the next~two weeks our store will b»
open evenings for the convenience of those
who cannot find time to call during the day.
We have the finest line of holiday presents
for you to select from and prices will b« cut
to suit your purse. MAUVAIS' MUSIC
6TORE, 763 Market St.
TO close out our large stock of gramophone
records we will fill all orders until further no-
tice at 40c each or (4 60 per dozen. Send In
promptly, as the supply Is limited. MAU-
VAIS'. 769 Market st.
WE have lots of bargains In second-hand &a
well as new pianos and shall be glad to show
to any one. Our terms are the easiest and our
treatment of all customers the most satis-
factory. MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPAST, 789
Markot Et
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with,
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
¦ within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash an£
|$ per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter Bts., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oak-
yand.
"AS HOLIDAY GIFTS." "
1 Emerson $S5
Sommer IPO
Fisher - ito
Steinway 185
Chickering 195
Mason & Hamlln 825
Heine & Hallett & Davia, $323 to 975
New pianos. J14?. can be exchanged any time
in 5 years, $S down, $6 per month; rent al-
lowed; open eveninss.
HBrNE PIANO CO.. 7X1 Geary st
A-BYRON MAUZY'8.
Holiday Bargains in Slightly Usai PianoB.
Bohmer. nearly new ....$1^0
Byron ilauzy, nearly new..... soo
Decker & Son, walnut case 225
Steinway A Sons ieo
Weber 125
Bord 50
303-310-212 Post st, opp. Union Square.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house-
west of Chicago is ICOHLER & CHASE'S. 25.
23 and 30 O'Farrell »t; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices: fine large one. $135; num-
ber on time limited; agency Chlckerinjr, Ma-
son & Hamlln, Vose, Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O' Farrell st; open even-
ings.
BARGAINS, pianos on storage almost given
away; also car fine new pianos stored from
factory; must be sold at once to realize stor-
age and freight; Installments; open evenlnss.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1710 Market «t.
A MANDOLIN, banjo or guitar would be a
nice Christmas gift GRAEBER sells good
ones; 634 Post Bt
$350 FOR beeutiful upright piano; > pedals-
standard make; or rent for $2 50 month. 342
Kearny at
ALMOST new upright Steinway & Sohmer sac-
rificed; great bargains this month. BRUENN
208 Pest st. *
GENTLEMAN going to Manila must sacrifice
fine large upright piano. 419 Van Ness are.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman Con-
over & others. "\V. B. ALLEN & CO., 314 Post
AT KEEFFE*S, 903 Market st. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agsncyi
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand uprights-
Email Installments. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTA2. 560 Hayes st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H?
S1ULLEE. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright niano
¦ BCHMITZ. IS McAllister rft. n«t Hlb. Ba^k.
- OIL. ~ "" ~~
ASPHALT for sale; quantities to sulf will
contract delivery: pur oil stock advances to So
Bhare Dec. 20. JUANITA OIL CO.. 60© Mont-
gomery st.; agents wanted on commission.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ 330 Pin* street
MEMBER PRODUCERS'" OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited!' j
•' OIL LAXDS FOR SALE~
KERX River Ol^T^d^PrZ^^^f^
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co " for
sale; also other oil laud for sale or lease*' most
wonderful oil field known; over 530 feet oToll
sand -.buy from owners and save commissions-
have been In field from start: wm™ve you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTOX
40 ACRES known oil land, McKittrick district
close to going wells. $35 per acre "cash \ aa
dress F. R. GRAXNIS. 605Mark?t st^
PATEMS ANDPENSIO.NS.
D 'cI'mtH^F? 8 unless' 7 st.cees.fS:
u£aj. v, CAMPBELL; Lawyer, Examiner big.
PERSO*A-LS»
OWEN McCABE. Importer, dealer to feathers;
hair mattress and pillow manufactory! .old
feathers renovated and purWed: all reatheri
cold warranted welfdrwsed with my Pajf?*
steam renovator. S70 Mission. teL Jasale 11M-
X HAT> paralysis and sptaal trouble to tU
worst form, but after treating with Mme.
Ada its weeks gained 17 pounds and am near-
ly well. I also had a bunch on my right «ya.
and both being bloodshot and very weak. Tnj
bunch has entirely gone, and both ay** n«ariy
well and stronger than they havo be«n «J n ij?
I was a boy. B. Arnold. Addrasa at iCSZ.
ADA'S office. 1104 Market st. rooms 8 aad «.
FOR SALE— Cheap; B00O sacks ot good potaWes.
For prices and samplsa comraunlcata wita
6HALMOU2JT ft CO., tU Washington «t..
San Francisco. .
MARRIED couple having no children wish ta
adopt a boy from 4 to t years. Bat Tia. lall.
MEXICAN Hair Grower stops th« hair 5«n
falling immediately and restores gray hair to
Its natural oolor; ladles, call and lmrvstlsats.
Mexican Lady, 143 Sixth st .
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. t«l. Sooth 793,
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; fsathers and hair cleansed; fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BRO8.. 313 and 820 11th rt
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms;
tie to fl 60 per night; $1 M to Ji per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
COTILLON leaders, to! An Imported novelty
In "Favors" at an extremely low price. Ad-
dresa box M3. Call offlce. >u
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound: absolute proof. Call or
address PR. G. 8. MOORE. 433 Geary St.. S. F.
SUITS to ordsr on Installments; $13 upward: $1
a wtelc LEON LEMO3. 1117 Market st. be-
twaen Bevenoth and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-q-aarter
cr doubU. J2 2S. EASTERN- OUTFITTING
CO., 1410-1112 Stockton st, near Broadway.
FINE suits. HO; dress panti. 13 75. MISFIT
CLOTHPJQ PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— *3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. %1 75. Popu-
lar Prlct Hatters, 330 Kearny it. near Pin*.
ALL gantlemsa wishing to marry wealthy seed
lSc for latest list. MK3. HF.RTZ. 706 Ellis ot
KIGER'S stre«per9 are the V-st and cheapest:
all kinds repaired and for eale. 342 Sutter st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 13
years' experience. J. B. HAT, &7 Jessie st
MASSAGE and electricity for facial blamlshes
and wrinkles. Tel. Black 1458; 502 Taylor St.
DANICHEFF sell holiday glove orders, good for
gloves ready-made or to ordar. 121 Orant ave.
lIASQtrETRADE costumes, play bocks, wljrs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint. th» best
corn cur»; 25c; all druip^lsts.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
?ng Ca. 1614 Mkt.. under St Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL, 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: fl: at all druggists.
PALMISTRY.
H. " JERO ME "FSsSELLir*sc!entitJo palmist. 515
Taylor st. bet. G^ary and Post: tel. Blaolt £81.
PARTNERS WASTED.
WANTED — A lady or gentleman partner In
good restaurant on main street of town; good
patronage. Address R., P. O. box 520. Sacro-
mento, Cal.
l'lIY.olCIA.V-t AMJ StRGBONS.
CAKCER3 and tumors cured wtthont aurglcal
operation. DR. J. HERBERT REEVE, 28^
Kearny st
DR. C C O'DONNELL— Offlcn and residence.
1021H Alarket st.. betw>«n Sixth and gevnth.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SAID.
BALDWIN & IIOWELL.
10 Montgomery at.
J700O— Pulton st, near Laguaa; two booses cf
I rooma. bath and baaement each, and ".
f.ats In the rear on tie small street: rent
Jd2; lot 27:6x120. •
(SCOO— Jessie st, near Fifth: three-rtory fnun»
building of etore below and two floors
above of 8 rooms; rent £0; lot 23x71
tSOCO— Gotden Gat* ave., near Lyon st: two
Cats of « rooms and bath tub; rest
t!3 SO; lot 25x137:4.
I500O— Green st, near Gough; flae rectdenc* of
9 rooms and bath, laundry, etc.: lot 2S.«
xl37:C
J4C5O— Hermana st. near FUtmore: two tVo-
•tory bay-window homes of 5 rounu aad
bath each; rent* (10; lot CxtfO to rear
street
t425O— Chestnut St.. nrar Ptnrall; two-atory
house of 7 rooms and bath, and two flats
of 4 rooma cash; rents $43 10; lot 25x
187 a.
J420O— Buchanan at. naar HalghU two-atory
hous* of S Booms and bath.
C2S0— Sumner st. cear Howard; three flats •oa-
tainlng 3. 4 and S rooms: rents $33.
{3300 — Folsom st. near ThinJt tvo-story trams
house of store and 2 rooma below; fiat
above of ( rooms: renta $30.
$3250— Rltch st, near Townsead: fire Cats: reats
$42 50; lot 22OlxS0 to small street
J3000 — Baker St.. near Golden 'Oota ave.: good
cottage of 9 rooms and bath; lot 27:<U11).
$2S0O— Jones st. ; house of • rooms and hath:
fine marine < view; near Union- st. cars.
J1S30 — Heron st, corner, near Fotsom and StH
sts.; two-story frame house in four wee-
merits; ffcnts {23 i<).
$1230— Twenty- first st.. near camrchf'good hoas*
of S rooma and bath; lot 25111x114.
BUILDING LOT.
......TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS CASH
Price $250: only i2Z cash, balance small
monthly payments; a splendid opportunity t>»
commence and secure a future home.
QLETN FARK TERRACE
Half a block from electric cara: only 25 min-
utes from City Hall; raars and full particular*
at office. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
OPPOSITE N'EW PARK ENTRANCE.
Rare Chance for home- builders' and In-
vestment seekers
dotcest btilltllne lets on very easy
payments; on the H-st electric
cars and frontinjr Golden Gate
Park and the new 13th-
ave. boulevard.
Lots and streets on official gradsi;
macadamized; plau.< sidewalks,
jras and water service.
Lot prices — bound to Increase la
value.
TOTTIt OW2* TERMS. ENTEREOT
OJJLT SIX PER CENT.
MONET ADVANCED FOR BUILDING
PURPOSES.
The better class of residence tn Suj*
¦et District are now being occrx- "
pled and constructed on tho
new ldth-avenue bou-
levard.
Call at onoe at our branch ettce
(open week days. Sundays and holi-
days), corner II st. and 9th ave.. south
of Golden Gat* Park, and ask to be
shown these beautiful lots. Full par-
ticulars aad price lists also at ou*
offlce.
BALDWrx & HOWEtl*
T. P. RIORDAN REAL ESTATE AQENT.
C32 Market-Bt.. Room «.
(3.500— «0xl37:«: west side o* Larkln st. near
Union; Mtumlnlzed; grand vi-w; must
be sold: make offer.
$26,00G-Flne largo corner, fronttos three streets,
with Improvements; near City IXaJl: Una
Investment; part cash, balmy on • per
cent mortgaee.
$13,500—80x75 feet; fine Improved uuiuer; south
of Market -«t. with fine lmprovementj:
always rented: $1275 yearly; bargain.
$S.0CO— !SxS» feet; north side of Mima st.. bet.
6th and 8th, jrtth good lmpts. : rents $57:
this . Is a good speculation.
$15,000— Beautiful corner residence of 19 rooms
. and all modern Improvements; fine lo-
cation: best bargain offered In the city.
$25.000— Vine Investment on Mason st. near
O'Farrell; improved.
$a7,BCO-Fine Improved business ocrner, paying
near $600. - :
I have several fine corners south of
Market st: good Investments; pay las
well: gr^at bargalna.
$13,500—65x120; Bush st., near Pollt: with good
Improvements: must be sold: bargain.
Call and see me if you want to sell or buy.
• T. P. RIORDAN. 832 Market st
AN INVESTMENT. ~
A HOME.
A SPECULATION.
If you want either of the above (one of thre«>
attend auction to be held December 12 at 13
nocn at Sherman & Clay's Hall. 223 Sutter st.
This will be a chance to secure a b;irr"Un that
you cannot afford to miss. No such Ust of
property has been offered la 10 years.
IT IS A SALE WITHOUT RE3EKVEL
See auction ad In this paper cr call a* my
office for catalogue and particulars.
B. P. OUVER.
ICEAIj ESTATE AQENT AND AULri'HlMr.VH.
14 MONTGOiffiKT BT. \*GRAND HOTEL
S Colt, Oregon
H F Bracher. Cal
H D Thomas, Seattle
J H Gardiner. R Vista
Mrs W H Nichols. Cal
Miss M Nichols. N Y
C B Hall, Chicago
Mrs G Yost, Palo Alto
W J Nelson, Mojave
A J Morse, Mojave
O H Warford, Vallejo
M Johnson, Roes Vail
G C Radcllff. Wattonvl
B Painter. Alameda
W J Douglas, Martinez
T R Homer. U S*A
C H Conway, Car
F Warren & w. Oak'.d
J J Clark, Wb- *
J C Satham, ' h
A J Hall. Oil
Mrs J S Read. Portland
Miss II Head, rortlund
8 M H&skell, Pomona
E B Waterman, Cal
Mrs A G Shulz, Cal
F M Stevens, Chicnfto
W 8 Ronney & w, Utah
Capt T E Stanfleld &
w, Astoria
F Roseathal, Tulare
F I>>e, New York
W H Hill. Weaverville
M F Johnston, Denver
F M Swasey & w, Cal
HE Williamson & w,
Stockton
W G Ollis. Seattle
J Barry, Colllnwood.
R E Barry, Coilinwood
(i H Mellinger. Portlnd
C A Carroll. Colo
O A Rltan, Portland
J W. Boyden, Wls
W M McCartney, Utah
H G Scudder, N Y
F J Herthal & w, Mass
F J Herthal Jr & w,
Massachusetts
Mrs E Gerber, Chicasro
W G Coleman, Manila
Miss C Fair, Los Ang
W W Priestley, Cal
Mies C Priestley. Cal
L J Rowley, Montana
A Anderson, Sulsun
Mrs E Halvey, Cal
N S Hitchcock. Chlcag
C H Moon, Idaho
E E Ilansopher, Idaho
L "Green, Petaiuma
L E Shulz. Stanford
Mrs K H Samuels & a,
Mayfleld
G 1 1 Lambson, Balrd
G 13 Gibson. USA
A J Thomas, Cal
E E Caftfteld, Chico
W E Lippincott, Pa
R L Graham. Lodl
J B Cooper. Hot Spgs
D Patten, Napa
T L Bell, Arcadle
G W Foreman. Cleveld
M A Melrose, 111
C W Pendleton. Ls Ang
Mrs S W Bazzo, Butte
PALACE HOTEL.
J Finnell, Tehama
Mlsa Forrester. Teham
H A Macondray & w,
Cal
G McKenney, Oakland
J A Clark, Portland
B H Carlisle, N Y
C Weir. Los Ang
F D Newberry, Phila
F A Wallace, J Cal
Dr C P Thomas, Wash
Mrs M Elmore, Nevada
Misses Elmore, Nevada
Maeter Elmore, Nevad
J C Halstead, NY
S Rawak. NY *
Mrs G H Flanders, Or
Mine C W Flanders, Or
Mies M L Flanders, Or
D Voss, N Y
L K Whlton. Chgo
J J Davis, Los Ang
D T Perkins, Cal
W A Thompson & w,
Los Ang
A D McLean, London
S Llchter, Chicago
T Flint & w, San Juan
B Thomas, Oroville
G T Berry, Lob Ang
W T Soper, Canada "
E B Ryckman, Toront
F T Snell, India naplla
J T Dunn & w, Cal
Mrs J Miller, Wash
Mrs H L Harris, Ohio
Miss L Wright, S Jose
Miss GGurnham, Ind
C G McBride, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S P Povarchuck. Rua .
G Eckels. "Weavervllie
C Rankin. Reno
E Lie^e. Portland
8 Jones. Manila
• Kelly. Manila
CB Kello?g-. St Louis
H Watson. Seattle
K Cormick. Stockton
B F Cambron, Eaglevl
J Johnson. B St Louis
3 E Chaney, Spokane
G R Bauea. Atlanta -
J W Small. Mexico
A Duffard. N Orleans
J Ei KlUoy. New Haven
W P Osterhout," Llvrm
T Orchard. Nome
C H Losle. Klmlra
H K^oy, Fresno
Mrs 1 Kooy, Fresno
L E McClukey, Texas
H C Austin. Boise City
M L Snyder, Glasgow
J Miller. Stockton
O Howard, Antloch
E Pickering, Salt Lake
B Bunbar, Kansas City
H Burke. Chicago
P Graham. Fresno
"W "Wolf. Bouldln Islnd
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1900.
11
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMBDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR "iN VEST^IENTS^ U : !
4 new modern 6-roora cottages; pay 10 per
cent; best location; always rented; several
other bargains. Apply to A. R. DENKE
ER., 1400 Webster et., Alameda. .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SPLENDID Berkeley noma for sale; choice
corner lot on Durant ave., close to univer-
sity; modern house ot 11 room's, with furnace,
range, city plumbing: and very finest finish
and decorating-; price $11,000. O. G. MAY
& CO., 2123 Center st.. Berkeley, CaL .-.;-.
43x130; THREE minutes' walk from Aehby sta-
tion ; cheap for price, or on easy Installments.
271 Lexington ave.. 8an Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKUM) HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houres. Get list from GEO. W. ATJS-
TIX A- OO.. TOPS Broadway. Oakland. -
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and FVanklln, Oaklarsd.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO, 4£9. nr. 17th, rear— J nice sunny uri-
fur. rooms; l.irp* yard; stable optional; cheap.
FIFTH. 348 — Suite rooms furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
HYPR, 40S— Sunny front alcove suite, $20; also
front basement raits; yard; laundry; $15.
MARKET, cpp. Fifth — "Large room and kitchen.
|S; 2 small rooms, $6. Call 342 Kearny st.
MISSION. 173S— Front suite completely furnish-
ed far housekeeping; coal range; bath; $14.
OTARRELU 836— Xicely furnished sunny al-
! cove room; gas; running water; bath; phone.
NINTH. 133— Sunny suite of rooms with use of
kitchen and dlnin? room.
TENTH. 136 — Lttrge sunny housekeeping room;
also single room.
VAN NESS. 400 — 3 connecting: well-fuVn. sunny
j rooms; tubs, yard; NE. cor. private entrance.
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been* established at 1C96
Valencia st,
ROOMS TO LET Kuril, and I'nfnrn,
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per nlgbt; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BL'SH, £20 <The Elk)-Nicely furnished eunny
rnis; day. 2Dc up; wk. $1 50 up. Mrs. P. Ranlt.
CLI FFORD, 104 Ellis, cor. Mason— Eleg-antly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FELL, 110— Two newly furnished, rooms; private
family; rent reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
ibb; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Bfisaton ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room: elevator.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; r-ln. rms.; board optional.
LEWIS place. 1h— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to Ut: Fingrle or en suite.
MARKET. 1O49A— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; suites or eiriRle; very reasonable.
MINNA, 436— Large very Eunny front room for
one or two men; $6 and 17.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth — New furnished
bay-window room, Jl per week: transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, S2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NINTH. 21 — Nioely furnished sunny room; run-
ning wajer.
O'FAMIiELL, :*>— Sunny furr.ish»d rooms and
offices: olevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo. ,
ROYAL, House. 156 El!!s St.— Incandescent light;
readinjf-room. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. SZc to Jl 50; week. $2 to
t«; month. J* to $3'); elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
HOPEDALE House. 319 ar.d 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 2Jc to tl. wwk $1 25 to $4: open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
THE STANFORD. 220H Sutter— House changed
hand* and renovated; single rooms, }S per
month; suites tl2 to $25; all ninny.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt.
A BRANCH efnee for Call advertisements and
FUb^criptlons has been established at 10S<
Valencia st.
IIOOJIS AND BOARD.
SELECT family hotel; new Interior: three spe-
cial dinners weekly; rates to establish. 807
California Bt.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First 6t., near Har-
riBon.
ROO3IS AND BOARD WASTED.
YOUNG man would like room and board in
private family, less than five minutes' walk
from City Hall; must be quiet; steady board-
er. Box 712, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1£ pages, sent to any address in the
T'nlted Ptates or Canada one year for II.
SPECIAL. >X>TICES.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; plaster repaired
and leaks. S18 Third st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery et., rooms 9-10; tel. 5589.
LEAKY tin roofs painted and repaired. Rooms
86-37. C06 Montgomery. teL Main 5523.
CHEAPEST and beat ln America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United Stafa or Canada one year for $L
postage paid.
SEWIXG MACHIXGS AXD SUPPLIES.
AL.L kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1S15 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowett rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint S.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
BEKINB Van and Storage Co., 722 MlEslon st.;
tel. Main 1&40; shipping at out rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
¦van*. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
TVPKWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
oreatTbakgains in^ttpewriters— w«
cell better machines for less money than any
house ln the city; rentals. (3. The Typewriter
Exchange. C36 California; telephone Main 263.
ALWAYS bargains ln typewriters; any makn.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
118 Montgomery tt.
COPARTNERSHIP XOTICES.
ii "T . r FE^N^nTTiE^M^CN^vTN^EHrboth of
the City and County of San Francisco, have
this day Joined themselves in a copartnership
under the firm name and style of FENN &
WINNER MFG. CO. Not 19, 1900.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 86 (26 cent*
per share) of the Hutohinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company, S27 Market it., on and after
Thursday, December 20, 1900. Transfer books
tv-!1I close on Friday, December 14, 1800, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No.. II (twtnty-
ftve cents per thare) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 227 Market et., on and
after SATURDAY, December 15, 1SO0. Trans-
fer books closed on Saturday, December 8,
1800. at U o'clock m.
'¦:--:.-¦¦¦. • B. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
~ ~_ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for muslin— Depot Quartermas-
ter's Office, 26 New Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco. Cat., December 8, 1900 — Sealed propo-
sals, ln triplicate, will b« received at this of-
fice until 11 o'clock a. m., Friday, December
14. 1900, and then opened.; for furnishing 27,500
yards muslin. Preference will be given to ar-
ticles of domestic production and manufac-
ture, conditions of price and Quality being
equal (including in the price, of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
and such preference will be given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on th* Pacific Coast, to the extent of
the consumption required by the public serv-
ice there. The United States reserves th«
right to accept or reject any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will be • in-
dorsed: "Proposals No. 1014J" and addressed
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONO, Quartermaster,
U. 8. Vols., Depot Quartermaster.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
IOOTHKRX fACiriV fOJIMHT.
(FACiriC SYSTEM.)
Train* !«¦»?#• nuU Nr« due (• arrli • al
HAS t'lt.iSn.ilt».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
ucavb — From Dxcbmsxs 1. 1900. — abjuv
•7:00a Ber.lda, 8d»an. Elmlra. VuaTflla,
Eamsey and b»eiamento *7i«3p
•7:OO a Shasta Express— IMtU, Williams (for
BartlsU Spring»X Willow*. Eed
Blufl, PorilaadV. 1t**9
•7:30a llirtinei. 8*n Itamon. Vallejo. Napa,
CsUstoga and Santa Rosa *9sl*t
•8:00a Davis, Woodland. Knights Laadin*.
Mar ji»ille. Orotille •7»-€»»
*»iOO* At.I»utlo Kxpress— Ottden and E—rt *»:¦»»»
•S:OOA Nile*. Lirennore, Tr»cy, lathrop,
Btocktcn »7il5»
•»>3ttA Sau Jo«». Llferraors, Stockton,
lone, ftacrainenio. Plaeerrille,
H»aa«Ule. Chleo. Ued Bluff •*iitir
•AiSOa Oakilfcle. Chinese. Sonora. Carters... *4ilSy
•9:OO* H»y w*nl». Niks and Waj> Stations. *1 1:43*
•!):O«iLo3 Angeles Express — Martinex.
Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton, Mixoed
Fresno and Lo« Angeles *TiI3r
•DiSAa Vallnjo. Marline* *ml Way Stalkma *»|43»
*1U:«U4 Tho OTexUnd Llmltod— Ogdeo. D»n-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago •«*€»?
•1I:OOa Klles, Stockton, Hacramento, Men-
.lota. Tresno. Uaoford. VliaUa,
PorterTllle »t:l3»
•1 1:OOa LiTsrruon?. Saag«r. Ooshen Junc-
tion. Bakersfield. Los Angeles.....
fl:OOp Sacramento Uiter Steamer*.. ....... T 3 >00a
•3:0»p HaywMds, Niles and Wsj Buttons. *3i4Sf
•isoor Martinez, Sau K»moii, Vallejo.
Napit. Calintniia. Sauta Roaa •»»»»*
• l:o»r Benieia. Winters. Hacr»uiento,
«Vo»<llani]. KutghU Landinc.
M.»rymi:ip,OnjTil!« •MM»4
•l:3»r H»ywards, Niles and San .lose t*:4*A
•3:00r Niles. Lirermore »nd Stoekton *I0:43a
«3:0Ur Sunset Uailfed. El Pmo. New
Orleans aad East. olOslSa
*3:OOrThe owl LJmited — Tracy, fierao,
lUkersti'iil. rt vis«» (or tHata Bar-
bara. Los Ancelea. *l«:ISa
•3:0«pNew Orlea« Eipress-KakersUeld.
SanU H»rb«ra.Los Angeiea, Dem*
ii>K. Kl I'mo. New Orleaua aud
KmS «7»«i»»
•diOOp IlaywArda, Niieaaud rf»u Jose m Ti*^A
?«:O«p Vallejo *lli43*
•CittOr Oriental Matl-Osden. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chic»go •2:13*
•6:OOp Oriental M»ll— Ogdso. Denver.
«)in»h», Chicago. •¦iiiap
*7:OOr Oregon an<t Ca'.if -riili l!xi>reu, H»o«
iii.'uHiitu, MitrjMvil.V, Itedillug,
roitlmiil, I'ugab Soiinil and Kaat *S:43A
•Nio.ipSaa Pablo. Pirt Costa. Msrtinez
wifl W»» 8tatious # ll:-i3*
!«;Oap Vnll^Jo .t »llf*3\
(OAST DIVISION (.Nurrorf <«an R e).
(Foot of M.rla-t Street. >
•.•»:!. '"•A N. .-.vark.C'-i. ti'r: V.U-. >ni. loao.Kcltnn.
i:.ui!a>*r «.'r»f k..Saiit»Uruxuuil Way
Utation* »««ao»
taiISp Ifew.tr*, CenterTllle, Ban Joae, Jfp»
AlmvieD, F'jitoo, llou'tlir Creek.
8anU Crcu aad rrladpal Waf
Stations t ••»•">•*
•1:13c Newark, H m Jrew, Los Gatos *S<»»a
a!»:JS>»ii Hunters' Ezonrsion. San Jo«a and
Way Stations j-!i99r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fromSU MiHClSCO — fut »f Mtrkit Strttt (3!i» 8)—
t7:15 9:00 11:00*. U. 1:03 3:33 S'SSr.v.
rumOaUJO-.'iit •:Br«l»»7.— f'i-00 {.100 t3:OS
10:00*. U. 12:33 2:S3 I:C3 '5:S3r.M.
COAST IllTISIOM (Hroail Usage).
(Third and Townaeml Sta.)
tSilO* Ocewii View. South San Franciaco.. t«:»«r
*7:OU* Hail Joso and War SUtions (N«w
Alinadeil Wednesday only). *IiSOy
*ViO«* H*» Jnie, Tres Hpius. HaiiU Cnu.
Pacitic Oruio. l'«».. Hobles. 8an
I. iiis Olitspo, .Surf. Lorunoc aud
Principal Way SUHmu a 4il*T
•!•:*»* San Josa and Way Btatloua. •«!.•«»
¦I 1i3Ua 8au Jane and Way .Stations *3>30r
fi: Mr San Mateo. Itedwood. Mnnlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Sati Joss,
Trea Pinos. Hauta Cruz. Salinas.
Moiitrrry mill I'aeiMo llruvs !••»<¦»*»
fSi3Or.i»D.I(BB»na Way Stations *Ti3»p
fls'*r San Jose and Principal Way Station* *9:43a
t3:0»raan Jute, Los Gatos and Priucipal
Way.SUtlons.: WiOOa
•3tZ*r San Jose ami Principal Way Buttons *S*a9«
•a:»«r!«an Joso and Way Stations t«i«<»*
al\:-lT,r 3an Josgaml Way Htatiims *7i3«»p
A for Morning. P (or A ( ternoon.
•Da!Ir. tMiuiday eterrtted. I rfuncUy unly.
g Mondays, tVedneatUyii, Fridays.
e Tarsdiys. Tbursdays, Sundsya.
a Saturday onlr
CALIFOBNIA NORTBWESTEHN BT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FEIUir-FOOT OF MARKBT ST.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12-.3Z, t:t\
6:10, S:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio at U:M
?'. m. Saturdays— Extra triss at VM and
1:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3a. i:0*.
• :X0 p. m.
Snn Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAT8-«:10. 7:iO. 9:2?, 11:13 «. n>.; 13:49.
3:40. S:10 p. m. Hatunlays— Extra trljs at 1:U
and 6:3S p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:4». 3:40. 5:05.
6:23 o. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Sc£uetzea Park.
Earns schedule as abov.
Leavi j la ESect | AitIts
Ban Francisco, f Xor. 7. 1900. I San Frapclaco.
Week I Sun- J I Sun- I "Week
Days. I days, f Destination. [ days. | Dayi.
T:30am 8:C0arn| Novato. 19:44 am S:40aa
1:30 pm 9:30 am! Petaiuma. <05 pm 10:25 am
a:10 prn 6:00 pml Santa Roaa. 7:36 pm t:t2 pta
Fulton.
T:JO am Windsor. 10:23 azs
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:33 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland j I
I S:CO am! and Ukiah. | 7:3S ptn[ t:O pm
7:30 vn] 1 I 10:38 am
I 8:00 am Gnernevllle. I 7:33 pm
8:20 pml I »:X3 pet
7:30 am! 8:00 ami Bonoma I 9:13 am 8:40 am
(and I
1:10 pm! S:0O pml Glf-n £Hlen. I 6:03 pm 6:23 pm
7:10 am) 8:00 am) ~ I1O:4«) am!10:I5 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:33 pm: 6:22 pn
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
BprinKs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skajfgs Springs; at CloverOal«
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs. Highland Sprlngrs. Kelseyville, Carls.
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*s, Bucknelfs.
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot Spring*.
Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. Westport. U*al.
Willeta. Laytonvlle. Cummlngs. Bell"s Springs.
Harris, Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates^
Ticket office, 850 Market at.. Chronicle build-
jn*"" -^* *^" RTAX,
H. C. WHITINQ. °en. Paaa. A«t.
Gen. Manarer.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM SAM FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:5S. •*¦.!*. 11:00 a. m^ -1:43.
1:15. 4:00, 6:13. *S:15. <:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Baa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:0O. «10:00. «n:30 a. m.. «1:U.
3:15. "4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS-«:20, »«:30. 7:45. 8:30 a, m..
•12:30. 1:45. '3:30, 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-^ :2C, "S:^ 10:00. »ri:45 a, m..
•1:40. »2:15. 4:45. *6:30 p. m. *
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentla,
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-S:45. 6:45. 7:65. 8:30 a. nC
12:35, 2:10. *:30, 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 3:13^ JJjl
6-00 6:45 p. m- •
THROUGH TRAINa
8:55 a. m. week days— Caaadero aad way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— TomaJes and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. 6unday>— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
Santa Fe
Trains— Da»y
Lmti Uarket-atn** Ferry SaooC
Lr^ Baa Frandsco.l »:00 a mljilf p ml 8:00 » at
Art. Btocktoa U.SO p m 7:1* 5 m 11:06 9 a
- Merced ........ 3:48 p m ¦ 1»1» a a»
•• Fresno ..-..- 4:10 p m l*« • m
- Vlaalla 1:06 pm J ; J$* a *
•• Tulare * 13 p m 542 an *
*• Hanford ..-.. 6:33 pm 7:C4 a ra
«¦ Bakersfield ... «:50 p m tao an>
•• Denver 10:00 a m ¦
" Kansas Oty... 5:15 p m
?* Chicago 7:40 am
• a. m. train ls tb-» Overland Exyresa. Corrs>
¦ponding train arrives at « p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. la Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrive* 11:03 a. m. daily.
1:00 p. m. ls Fresno and Bakersfield Express.
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspond-
to* train arrive* at 8 a. ra. dairy.
OFFICES— «41 Market st. and In Ferry Depot*
E*a Francisco: 111S Broadway. Oakland,
aDr: Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KC.4R.NT ST. EstabUs&ed
In iss-l for the treatment of Prirate
Dlteases. L0.1t Manhood. Debility or
list- as* wearioson body and mind and
Slcln Diseases. The Doctoroor«»wh«ii
others tall. Try him. Charges low.
i 'urf« go a run t«-«*d. Call or write.
l>r. t. V, OXBBOX. Sau Franclaco. Cal.
REAJL ESTATE — CITY — FOR, BALD.
EAETOX, ELDRIDGE & OO..
CM MARKET BT.
BIO MISSION INVESTMENT.
X12.SO0 — C fine modern Cmxm of 4 and t rooms,
end j stores with 4 roome; total rents,
51300 r«r annum; on Fifteenth Et.
__ S* 1^ PANHANDLE FLATS.
fT500— Rent* rstK per ennum; 8 new elegant,
rnoftera flat*; porcelain tubs; frescoed
Come celllngi; ca Aenburjr it.
BEAUTIFUL MISSION FLATS.
»3W0— ; J fine ¦well-built modern flat* of 6 and
C rooms and bath; rents $43 EO per
month; Bartlett at., near Twenty-first.
OCTAVIA BTREET RESIDENCE
AT A SACRIFICE.
J3800— U room* aad bath; near Fell st.
AT A SACRIFICE— FORCED SALE.
( Mission Warm Belt Flats.)
«S7t»— Make offer: r«>due*d (ram W500; I flats
cf « and E rooms and bath; rents $33 60
per month; bitumea etreet; cement
walk.
6XAP IN WESTERN ADDITION FX.ATS.
$3000-2 •ubstantlal well-built modern flats of
«> om8 and bath; lot 25x137:6 feet;
modern and attractive; sunny side of
Mreet; make offer.
OTJ-MODEBN MISSION COTTAGE.
C5 * > -?. «»»• and bath; tile mantels, etc;
. . 8Ul:li y: Sanchez et., near
Twenty-fourth.
CHANCE OP A UFETTME.
._.„„ ,. . SEE THEM AT ONCE.
r£cT!t*l c f £V aCOme pr ° pertIeS tO £ M °-
TUESDAY. DECEMBER IS. 1900.
Are the following:
.-f^TE OF DAVID ROT. Deceased.
, "7"°~ 8^ j3raanan EC. near Third; 37:6x137:6
A, 1 two froat an<J two rear flats of 6 rooms
i.«^.i «nt* 112 per ir.onth: close to Southern
" c ' flc depot and recent railroad purchases.
t^C 1 ! 1 ,??" th Park Ft - fac'ng South Park-
iJ.icK buiifisng, containing two flats of 6 rooms
and b&th; r»nts J3S per month.
ESTATE OF ELLEN N. EICKARDS,
Deceased.
„ PATS BIG INTEREST.
11 e:nenl lna Ft., uear Second— Four fine
w»»ll-bu:lt flats of 5 and 3 rooms; rents 513 t»»r
month; lot 25xS0 feeu
U^ TO i DATE WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
420-4^ Scott St.. nea- I ell-Two beautiful and
trtiStic flats cf 5 and 7 rooms and bath; por-
cela.;n tube; ule mantels; every modern im-
rr^veoent; rents $50 rer month; lot 27:6xS7:«
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
____^ 6SS Market et.
EAPTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
C2S MARKET STREET.
AUCTION
ACCTION
AtTCTION
TUE?DAT, DECEMBER IS, 1909.
At 12 o'clock at our salesroom, 60S Market et.
CALIFORNIA-STREET RES^I>ENCE LOT.
North Bide California street. COO feet west of
Goufrh; ZSz]27d ft.
BAKER-STREET COTTAGB.
I4H BaJcer st.. near Putter; eottape of 4
roorc»; lot 25x190 ft.
PAGE-STREET LOT.
South Fide Pape etrwt, £5 fm ea«t of Lyoa 1
«ire SJxlOO ft.
ELEGANT MODERN SCOTT-ST. FLATS
<Z2-*y> Scott et., near F>!1: 2 modem up-to-
tfate flats of 5 ar.fl T rooms and bath; rents ID0-
lot r7:€xS;:6 ft.
PROBATE SALES.
ESTATE OF DAVID ROY. I>eeea*ed
I5t Bra.nr.an st., near Third; S front flats and
two rear flr.ts of 5 rooms each; rents i52 per
mor.th: lot S7:exl8T:« ft.
119-121 South ParV. near Third Bt. : brick
building, containing 2 flats of 6 rooms and bath
each; rf>r.tE J3S; lot ZlxcT:* ft.
ESTATE <"«F ELLEN RICKARDS. D*oeased.
7S Cl»>ment!r:a St.. near Second; 4 flats of S
and 3 room?: rer.ts J43; lot 2Cx?o ft.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
North §!de Vallejo st.. 110 ft. west cf Baker
•t.; 4 lots c:xlS7:6 ft.
MISSION "WARM BELT RESIDENCE.
T~.h Iyx::ctn ave.. near 21st st. ; house of f
rooms ar.d bath; rent V.i. let 25xS0 ft.
MISSION RE^IDE^CCE.
4" Diamond «.. near lStfc; cottage cf T roome
erd bath: ict 2E:€x:^i ft.
MODERN 3JIS5ION COTTAGE.
fj "Whitney et.. r.ear SCth; cottage of 6 rooms
end bath; lot 2Cxli; ft.
CATALOGUES TVTTH FfLL PARTICULARS
AT OFFICE.
eajetonTeldridge & co.,
€28 MaTk'-t street.
HHAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
A. M- SPECK & CO.
EARD TO BEAT HARD TO EEAT
PRICES WILL PURELY ADVANCE.
I27E0.
F.ve flats; recta. J31.
{3600.
Four fiats; rests, J45: downtown.
J00O0.
Thxe* choice Cats, near Poet anfl Taylor sts.;
l*y 10 x>er cent: 27 feet front; offer wanted.
Flats; fcranfl new; eaat of Van Ness ave.;
*****' O.TiO-REDCCED FROM ttS.PO.
Business property; eame tenants for rears;
etere and roominfr-houea.
tlCSO— REDUCED FROM $2250.
Eplenfild 2-story "-room bouse, with rtable;
e'rfctly lo^^tion; one-third caeh.
1 $7500 INVESTED
TVill yield J1C2 rent monthly above taxes; farand-
cew "improvements.
JT5. 000— REDUCED FROM JS2.000.
Choice corner lot, 75-foot front; within half
a block of Market et. ; with old Improvements;
it:.ts about $400; the enly corner that can be
bcucfct vicinity ot 6!rth et.
ta.SOfr-REDUCED FROM $60,000.
Grand lnveftmrnt: 100-foot front on Ellis rt.;
with !mrrov«ner.ts ; nicer and better than Pal-
ace Hotel; rents about $M0O; terms, half cash.
ISS50.
Rents VJH0: IV> feet front; near Taylor «t.;
no cbance like it.
Mletlon «t. In rear of Palace Hotel; lot 23x»
fee,; a bargain.
Corner; e» feet front; vicinity Butter rt., eaet
or H>«Je: rrand hotel, office or rooming-house
«'.te; rents $107.
tro.ooo.
Putter-«t. corner; F7:6x:g7:€: elegant improve-
ments; r«nt» 11S00 «»er annum.
(£0,000.
Forty-f ocr f*rt front; vicinity of TivoM; old
irrprovetataU; rents. JI00; block from Market;
will double «urely ln 10 years.
¦ UMrM jJ*JL*iPJk i: * CO.. «7 MarVK st.
EELECTED ll»t of eome choice lots ln Rich-
W eld* 10th av.. 125 ft. B from Clement;
Kxi20 JSOO; easy payTnecta; $30 quarterly; first
payment 120; all street work done; electrlo cars
pass within a few eteps ; a very choice lot.
El 10th av., bet. California and Clement;
25x120: *!*).
SW oor. California and Nlnta av.; KrCxllO:
extra" eiee; ail other lots on California st. 109
ftet deep; v«T .cheap; I17SS; eacy payment* to
suit; aU street work done.
ffl 7tb av. south from A; 2Txl20; S lots; very
Ch Cleme?t! > bet^Vth and 10th: 17:6x100; $800.
Point lx>bo« av. and 11th av.: 32:6x100; $2100;
a fine buelness corner; a trocer stands ready to
take lease. w -° ls the best business ln
K Co 1 ra« ( B ana »th av.; S2:tx300; $1400.
Sth av.. bet Clement and Point Lobos ava.;
bet. Clement & California; 25x120;
dement. »ast of eth av.: 28x100; $1000.
gS?oSia, near 2nd av; »«1W; JTBO.^^
O8 California et.. bet. Montgomery and kearny.
RICHMOND residences, deslrabl* and very
Cottare residence. 6 rooms, tile mantels, por-
crlalnbathtub, larr« bathroom: unfurnished
teMmest: $3760: easy payments.
Two-«tory reeldenee, almost new 8 rooms
anfl bathroom; tile mantels, epeaklns tubes.
wl?ed for electricity; unfinished basement;
extra weU finished house; a very cheap home;
Viirfi- $tOO cash, $40 a month Installments.
W. J OUKN. EM California et.. between
Montgomery and Kearny.
H' y«w have property north of the Park ana
r-*Twlsh to sell quickly, then cal! on W. J.
or;yy. CM California st.
OWNERS of property In th^JWjro that wish
to Mil call on W. J. OUNN. CM California
tt.. B.'r. Savings Pnion balldln«.
IIHAL ESTATE COIWTRY Vor Sale
V»T3 tav« for sal* and exchange some of th«
be«t rtoct. grain and fruit ranche* ln the
Ktlla PTa^SSEN A CO.. 1010 Broad-
. way. Q«irt-~i CaL
ACCURATE knowledge; each of the 8000 ranch-
ea on' icy sale and exchange lUt— more than
all other agents In city; state what s wantea.
N. T> fiTCKELP. the Land A rent. « Geary «t.
REAL BSTATB TO BXCHASGB.
MARION GRIFFIN, 71» Market «t., ««11» and
axchaages farms and city property; printed
Urta,
KEW cottage, e rms.. bath: lot 60x100; MlMlon;
rental terms; and vacant Iota. 413 Keaxujr st
MONSTER COMBINATION
AUCTION SALE
REAL ESTATE
One-Fourth Cash; Balance on Mort*
gage at 6 per cent,
ON—
Wednesday, December 12, 1900
AND
Thursday, December 13, 1900
At 12 O'clock Hoon,
I WILL OFFER AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL
223 Sutter Street,
By order of the Board of Directors of
THE HIBEjRNIA SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY.
TBe rollowlnar cliolce parcels of city r*alty. Im-
proved and unimproved, and Blruata down town.
in the Western Addition and Mission districts.
BATTERY AXD MERCHANT STS.
~~ Northwest corner of
g 5 Battery and Merchant.
j£ jj This fine corner with a
a 7 .« rt small expenditure can
¦ y be rented for {«0 p C r
Merchant. ¦ month. The present im-
provements are a substantial three-story and
basement brick. Present rents, with ov«r half
the premiees vacant, $180.
GOUQH AXD FILBERT STS.
' Northeast cornar of
d ,4 Gough and Filbert sta. :
Sf J3 corner improved with
5 „ frame dwelling of two
0 ±52: fiats; present rents $20.
Filbert.
FOTJRTEEXTH ANDSTEVEXSOX STS.
I eg Xorthwest corner of
o Fourteenth and Steven-
-j n son sts., only 103 feet
P a east from Valencia it.;
_ " In the heart of a grow-
¦ "• ? Ing district. As awhoU
Fourteenth. or Jn subdivisions.
ELIZABETH ST.. NEAR CASTRO.
55 ~ — — Elizabeth St.. 105 fee\
C * *• *• east from Castro; thr«a
g choice building Jots.
C <n it. « W1^ be sold as a whoU
105 or ln subdivisions.
Elizabeth.
MARKET BT.
g This la a piece of
a S property with a future.
H ** The Improvements con-
= elEt of 12 fiats, z\so to
w U3:8. 75 2«0& Market it., rent-
Ing for $165.
Market.
TWENTIETH ST., NEAR CASTRO.
Twentieth.
25 25 25 « Nos - * 105 - <ul ' an *
a - »¦ 4115 Twentieth St., bet.
Castro and Noe. These
,_ _ « three modern dwell-
S o S » ini;« of 8 rooms and
P • • ' bath each will be told
separately. Each house
I I I I is now rented for 120.
SHIPLET ST., NEAR BLX.TH.
Shipley.
YJi a" No- 281 Shipley «t.,
. bet. Fifth and Elxth;
si Improvements consist
tj _» of a front building of
— "" three stories and rear
of two stories; rents
J 127 50.
MISSION ST., NEAR NINETEENTH.
Nineteenth.
Xo. 2311 Mission Bt.,
w bet. Nineteenth and
6 j* Twentieth. Improve-
2 • ments. a cood two-
5 st*ry frame building-.
5 fc 1228. consisting: of a store
x^.o. and two flats; rents »50.
Ii. —
VALENCIA ST.
Fourteenth.
,'w" Bast side of Valencia
5 8 Bt., 200 feet sooth of
g Fourteenth. Will b«
S sold as a whole or in
•5 subdivisions. This is a
> « good buy and will ln-
10* crease ln value.
GROVE ST., NEAR GOCGH.
' — • No*. 406 and 49«tt
Grove st. This prop-
— ' O erty is located bat four
c blocks west from the
E • * City Hall. Improve-
£ F ments consist of t
dwellings of « rooms
80 12:6. each, renting for 144.
Grove.
NINETEENTH ST.. NEAR GUERRERO.
\ 103:2 " Nos. SS14 to J628
\ t! Nineteenth St.. bet.
\ -3 Guerrero and Dolores.
\£ » O Improvements occupy
\V g only 43 feet front and
\ . - - ° consist of 4 flats. For
\ 1? • 5 factory purposes or a>
\ 3buslnesa requiring
\ p " ground space this Is &
\ w desirable site. Rents
\ si 81:11. * 50 '
Nineteenth.
BROADWAY. NEAR STOCKTON BT.
m Nob. 710 to TU Broart-
*• m w ay, bet. Stockton and
f T Powell sts. Improve-
f o merits consist of brick
I " S stable building and 3
20. x <n |o frame dwellings. Rents
J S " ? *120 M.
I 78 83:».
Broadway. I
WASHINGTON ST., NEAR CENTRAL AVB.
Washington.
in^n ii7 : ri No. 3313 'Washington
V overlooks the Presidio
a reservation and the
3 Bay of San Francisco.
•jt Z. The Improvements eon-
?! sist of a modern lb-
B ? room dwelling in flrst-
•* a class condition, rent-
r In* for $40.
VALENCIA ST., NEAR TWENTT-THIRD.
Twenty-third.
J Nos. 1209 to 1221 Va-
a. ' lencla st. This property
• °* will commend itself to
¦2 ¦ • a Investors. It Is now
g 250. g p business property and
Si * za ' j* will be more so In five
Co 5" years. It rents for $70.
?* S r Bartlett-st. lot will be
sold separate.
130.
VALENCIA ST., NEAR NINETEENTH.
< No. 132 Valencia ex
% This ls a business cor-
8 J n e r. I m provements
o consist of a good 2-
JT story and basement
1W: " building; rents $45.
Cumberland.
CASTRO ST.. NEAR MARKET.
Southwest corner o\
. m Castro and States sts.
S G Street work all done
** r and stone sidewalk.
<¦ Only 125 feet from
Market Bt. ,
Z5. 25. 25. 2S:6.
Castro.
EIGHTEENTH SI.. NEAR CASTROt
Jf No. 4117 Eighteenth
————— 3. 6t., bet. Castro and
ft „ 8 £ Colllngwood. Good t-
» story frame dwelling
3- of six rooms.
Castro.
B. F. OLIVER,
Beal Estate Agent and Auctioneer,
114 Montgomery Stre«t.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What adds more comfort to
a room than a Rug? Here the
assortment is varied and exten-
sive.
We've an all-wool, prettily
patterned Smyrna Rug, 30x60
inches, selling for the p.altry
sum of $1.90.
Axminsters in the cosiest
kind of desirable patterns; Wil-
tons from the best known
makers in the world.
Glad to show them to you.
Schluetcg
215-217 Sutter Street, Above Kearny.
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:16 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS t:00. 10:00. 11:30 ana 1:13 p. m.
Fare, Baa FrmncUco Ut Summit and Return.
NEW TAVKRN OF TAMALPAI9 NOW OPEN.
Tlckat offlo—. «n Market «t.. BamaUto Ferry.
MARRIAGE LICENSES..
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Joseph E. Burgess. 86, 1007 A Capp street, and
Anna M. Euchler, 19, 1007A Capp street.
Elwin W. Gates, 26, Oakland, and Alice- E.
PatridRe, 21, 10 Bartlett street.
Ferdinand A. West, 26, 824 Noe street, and
Jeannette C. Patridge, 23, 10 Bartlett street.
Ferdinand Hlguera, 41, Oakland, and Angele
Dreux 44, Oakland.
William R. Casey. 2L 218 Oak street, and
Amy Gray, 18. 638 Turk street.
John H. Slelcken, 63, 90S Leavenworth street,
and Helen Schiller,- 2$, 1253 Octavia street.
Douglas U. Taffelmler, 27, San Leandro. and
Icabel M. Oormack, 27. San Leandro.
Sebastiano D. Magglora. 35. 114 Padflo ave-
nu», and Maria Vlelra, 24, 114 Paciflo avenue.
Miles W. Mclntosh, 33. 910 Steiner street, and
Netta C. Lawrence, 26. 910 Btelner street.
Giambatista Brusoo, 23, 297 Masonic avenue,
and Bugenia Traversaro, 18, 22144 Fillmore st.
Jacob Stengel. 23, 1713 Leavenworth street,
and Lydla White, 25, Angel Island.
Carl O. Petterson, 49, 281 Beale street, and
Annie McHuch, 43, 231 Beale street.
Giovanni Bianchlnl, 22, E65 Bryant street, and
Emma Petrl. 19. 1427H Pupont street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DE&TBS.
BORN."
DALT-In th«» city, December 5. 1900, to the
wife of Maurice Daly, a daughter.
KLOOZ— In this city, November 22, 1900, to the
• wife of J. D. Klooz, a son.
McCULLOCH— In Alameda, December 11. 1900.
to the wire of Captain J. E. McCulloch.- a.
son.
TYE— In this city. December 10. 1900, to the
wife cf Charles p. Tye. a son. \
MARRIED.
CUSICK— LYNCH— In this city, November 7,
1900, at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev.
Father Conway, William H. Cuslck and Nel-
lie W. Lrnch.
HARRIES— LYCETT— In Wairr.ea. Kauai, Ha-
waiian Territory. November 15, 1900, Julian E>.
Harries of Ban Francisco and Sarah Lycett
of Honolulu.
HOFFMAN— JACOBS— In this city, December
B, 1800, Oscar Hoffman and Florence Jacobs.
~DIED. ~ j, '
Abel. Halvor C. Hall. A. R.
Anderson, Georee A. Hirt, Robert G.
Archer. Janet Hopper, James A.
Attwood. FVank Hurd. Mrs. Catherine
Bahrs. Amelia Johnson, Adalene B.
Baricievich, Martin Keane, Margaret
Best, Isabella McBowen. Samuel
Brown. W. E. Mullin. Mary
Connolly. Catherine Pfaeffle, Dorothy M.
De Bourg. Eugene Eegan. John
Donohue. FYances Roberts. Annie "
Dunn, Mary Rodrifcea, Peter
Fava. Ameado Temple. Jennetta C
Gargan. Catherine Welk, Nathan
Grunsky. Joseph B. White. Thomas
Hackward. William
ABEL— In this city. December 11, 1900, Halvor
C. Abel, beloved father of Mrs. A. C. Madison
and the late George A. Abel, a native of
Laurvig-, Norway, aged E3 years and 10
montbe.
(ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitt-d to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his lat«>
residence, 712A Fell street, thence to the
Church of the Advent. Eleventh street, near
Market, where funeral services will be held.
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
ANPERSON— In Alameda. December 11. 1900,
Gecrjjs A. Anderson, retired police officer of
Pan FVancisco. a. native of Sweden, nged 64
years 4 months and 10 days.
(?PRemalns at Metzler's undertaking par-
lors, C36 Washington street
ARCHER— In Menlo Park, Cat., December 10.
1900. Janet, dearly beloved wife o£ James
Archer, and mother of James. Samuel. Wil-
liam, David, Jennie and Fred Archer, Mre.
W. A. Carnduff &nd Mrs. C. Eckles, a native
of Scotland, aged 53 years 1 month and 4
davs.
fc?"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
< Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her son, James Archer Jr., 312 San
Jose avenue, San Francisco. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland, via 1
o'clock creek route boat.
AITWOOD-In thi» city, December 11. 1900.
Frank Attwood. a native of Knpland, aged
: 25 years.
{CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
December 14, from the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 242S
MlFSion street, near Twenty-first. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BAHRS— In this city, December 10, 1900, Ame-
lia Bahrs. beloved sister of Hon. Georee H.
Bahrs. Mrs. l^ouiB Schafer, Mrs. Chris. Wer-
ner. Mrs. Fred Warner, Mrs. Wme. Fagan '
and Juiio and Andrew Bahrs, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 1 month and 9 days.
JCTFriends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 87 Noe street, between Thirteenth anJ
Fourteenth. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
BARICIEVICH— In this city. December 10,
1900. Martin Barieievich. beloved uncle of
Mre. G. T. Koch and Mrs. A. M. Hungerford,
a native of Austria, aged 47 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Drutds'
Hall, 413 Sutter street, under the auspices of
the Austrian Benevolent Society. thenc<j to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where sen-ices will be
held at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of the
Henry J- Gallagher Undertaking Company,
20 Fifth street.
HAHMONY Lodge No. 9. A. O. U. W.— Officers
and members are requested to assemble at
Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter St., to pay the last
tribute of respect to our deceased brother,
Martin Baricievich.
JAMES M. FOLET. Master Workman.
D. McSWEEKEY. Recorder.
BEPT— In Alameda, December 1L 1900, Isabella,
wife of John Best, and mother of Rachel R.
Best.
(C? Funeral service* will be held at Christ
i EflsccDal Church, corner Grand street and
I Santa Clara avenue, to-morrow (Thursday),
I at 10:SO o'clock. Pleaee omit flowers.
I BRCWN— Entered into rest. December 11. 1900,
W. E. Brown, father of Mrs. Charles H.
Wood, aged 76 years.
in?" Notice of cervices later.
CONNOLLY— In this city. December 10, 1900,
Catherine, beloved wife of Patrick Connolly,
and mother of Mathew F., Colman A., John
J. and Margaret Connolly and Mrs. William
Seher, a. native of County Galway, Ireland,
aeed 62 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 280H Clara street, between Fifth
and Sixth, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem high mass will bo celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DE BOURG— In this city. December 11, 1900.
Eugene, dearly beloved and only eon of Eu-
gene and . Margaret de Bourgr (nee Foley), a
native of San Francisco, aged 6 years 1 month
and 11 days.
DONOHUE— In this city. December 9, 1900,
Frances, dearly beloved daughter of Thomas
and the lete Rose Donohue, and sister of
James, Sarah, George and the late John, Tom
and Vinnle Donohue and Mrs. F. J. O'Neill,
a native of San Francisco.
C7Thf funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 617 McAllister street, thence to St.
Marjrs Cathedral, where mass will be cele-
brated for the repos« of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:20 o'clock. Interment private, ln
Holy- Cross Cemetery.
DUNN— In this city. December. 10. 1900. Mary
Dunn, a native of Ireland, agred 70 years.
FAVA— A month's mind mass will b» cela-
broted at St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, Friday. December 14, at
8 o'clock, in memory of the death of Ameado
Fava.
OAROAN— In this city, Deoember 11, 1900,
Catherine, beloved wife of the- lat» M. Gar-
gan, and mother of Mrs. J. F. Ring, Mrs. M.
G. Buckley, Mrs. William Deeney and The-
resa and Edward Gargran. a native of County
Meath. Ireland, aged 69 years. t
ETThe funeral will take -place to-moitow
(Thursday), at 8:80 o'clock, from her late
residence, S224 Twenty-second street, thence
to Bt. James Church, where- a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GltUNSKY— In this city, Joseph B.. beloved
husband of Fannie Orunsky, and father of
Louis, Amelia, Saraha, Rachel and Moses
Grunsky. a native of Rypin, Poland, ated 60
years.
HACKWARD— In this city, December 10, 1300,
William, beloved brother of John Hackward.
a native of England, aged B0 years 7 months
and 10 days.
C7"Fr!end9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of tni Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,, by car-
riage.
HALL— In Haywards, December 9, 1900, ~A.. It.
Hall father of Mrs. W\ I. Orth and Mrs.
Cecil Corwln, aged 65 years.
ICJrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
•(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the A. O.
U. W. lodgeroom, Haywards. Interment San
Loreneo Cemetery.
HIRT— In thi» olty, Deoember 10. 1900. Robert
George Hirt. beloved sfon of the late Kathar-
ine Kleffer, and brother of Henry Meyer, a
native of San Francisco, aged 31 years' 4
months and 10 days.
cyFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 638 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HOPPERr-In this city. December U, 1900,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
£0 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln SchooL
Telephone South 80. .' .
MoAVOY A CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS * EMBALMKBS. I
123S Market St.. between 8th aad Mfc. I
Telephone Bouth 847. 1
MONSTER COMBINATION
AUCTION SALE
REAL ESTATE
"Without Reserve," "No Ifs," "No
Confirmations by Any Court,"
' "An Absolute Sale,"
—ON
Wednesday,. December 12, 1990
At 12 M. Sharp,
I WTXI. OFFER AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
Without Reserve, at
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL,
223 Sutter Street,
By order of the Trustees of the Estate
of ETTGENE KELLY of
New York.
Their entire real estate holiflTisrs ln th» city
ana county of San Francisco, comprising a list
of as choice property as has ever been offered
ct auction for the past twenty years. It ls
Income producing:, well rented and %very pleca
has a future, and with one exception it all faces
on accepted streets. The buildings on the im-
proved property ara ln first-class condition and
the best of repair. The tenants could be no
better.
Remember, the sale is without re-
serve. 2*0 "ifs," no "subject to own-
ers' approval," no "confirmation by
the Probate Court." It is an absolute
sale to the highest bidder for United
States gold coin.
Remember, it is all corner property.
SANSOMB AND SACRAMENTO STS.
Land assessed ' fot
100. g? JM.OOO; Improvements
„ g assessed for $14,250; in-
£ a Burance, $20,250; pre-
«• .' « § mium. ?S3 05; north-
100 % west corner of Sansome
. * and Sacramento streets.
Sacramento. The improvements on
this property consist of a first-class brick
building-, renting for J25O per month; no lease.
SANSOMB AND COMMERCIAL STS.
Land assessed for
Commercial. J20.250; Improvements
S2:{ " W assessed for J1S.000; ln-
5 surance, $17,500; prem.,
g J $115 60; southwest cor-
S jjj ner of Sansome and
82:8 i» Commercial streets.
1 This is a particularly
fine investment. The building ls stout and
cubstantial, with extra heavy brick walls, built
to last a century. The total rents are $325 per
month. The store. 409 Sansome. rents for $J0;
the store, 413 and 415 Sansome, for $150, and the
upper part (the Coso House) for {125; no leases.
MONTGOMERY AND SACRAMENTO STS.
£ • Land assessed for
g Sacramento. $30,000; Improvements
c jjsTa ! assessed for $13,500; in-
0 ' surance, $20,000; prem.,
3 »j « $»5; southeast corner
a "* of _ Montgomery and
4j jS'9 Sacramento Btreeti.
«J- — r- This corner was for-
merly occupied by the Donohoe-Kelly Banking
Compeny. The improvements consist of one
of the most substantial flve-story brick build-
Ingn in the city. Alvlnza Kayward's raa^nlfl-
ctnt eleven-story office building is in the same
block, only 150 feet distant. Th© basement and
first story are leased to July 1. 1303. for $225
per month. The upper floors bring only the
nominal rent of $118. At a small expenditure
in modernizing 1 the upper part this rent could
be doubled.
FILLMORB.
137:6 137:4 I W. A. BLOCK 105.
60-vsra lot 1. assessed
for $10,800.
EO-vara lot 2, assessed
for $3000.
— « « S0-vara lot S, aasessed
r? 8 r? « "for *1M7O.
•» » J» 60-vara lot 4, assessed
for $11,020.
60-vara lot 5, assessed
117:< 137:6 for $3C00.
60-vara lot 6, assessed
li gfor »10,u70.
ji 2 This block ls leased
pu u C a whole to March 1,
£ 2 I 8 2 ' 1902 - at *3 ;5 Per month.
Improvementa belong
to the lessor and can
be removed by her
at the termination of
137:1 137:« lease. If the block Is
not sold as a whole,
_ ?- r but in SO-vara subdi-
" 1 y 8 ii visions, the purchaser
m •> m ot each to-vara will b4
entitled to one-sixth of
the monthly rent of
the entire block during
137 :§ 187:6 the term of the lease.
WEBSTER At tne expiration of
the lease the purchaser
can enter into possession of the land.
This block of land is destined to become on»
01 the most valuable in the Western Addition,
fronting, as it does, on Flllmore and Turk
streets and being the mo«t important transfer
point north of Market street. It is now nearly
entirely occupied for business purposes, and in
ten years will pay 4 per cent nat on $250,0C0. It
is one of the few remaining whole blocks in
tht> heart of the Western Addition, anl its
possibilities are very great, eitner for business
purposes, pleasure grounds or as a church,
school or recreation center.
BEALE AND BRYANT STS.
Land assessed for
1 IrFi 1 $31,600; improvement*
m belong to tenant ;north-
ia & £ west corner of Beale
& •« 2. and Bryant streets.
i»-f.g !» This grand corner, con-
— : slstlng of two 60-vara
Bryant. lots, has the greatest
future of any property in San Francisco. Fac-
ing the water front, across the street from
the Santa Pe depot, and graded out of solid
reck it presents a chance for investment that
1^ seldom offered at public or private sale.
There is a lease on the property expiring- Feb-
ruary 1, 1912. The rent up to February 1. 1SC2.
is $200 per month, for the next five years $250
per month and for the balance of ths term $300
p»r month. During the life of this lease the
value of the property will increase at least at
the rate of 6 per cent per year, and more likely
at the rate of 10 per cent
FILLMORE. W. A. BLOCK 306.
. — , — — r— — • Three 50-vara lots,
J7:f 27:6 27:6 27:6 27:6 assessed for $31,600; Im-
provements assessed for
» S S o S n300; the lota facing
g o 8 » o Eddy and "Webster
streets are most ad-
I 1— vantageously situated
t>. 187:6 137:6 V. for residence purposes.
" g $ either dwellings or
v ia7 .g — * 1w :g — ia flats, being only ten
« 137.6 137.6 minutes 1 ride from
3 and Powell
.• «» 187:8 . 137:8 V? streets, and in the im-
c "^ » mediate neighborhood
F r^Ta — • „, , — h. of primary, grammar
t; » 137.6 137:6 and high schools. Tho
r Yi ** lots facing Fillmore
10 » ig7-a 137:6 » street are business
u » j propositions, as tho
H R -'only two business
Q w 137:6 137:6 »! streets in the Western
p g jglAgdltlon are Fillmore
•1 — tTttTS — 157-r Devisadero. Land
£ 137.8, "<•» fating on Fillmore
« £»' street in this location
?. 137:6 137:6 .^isold 12 years ago for
' jo £ $200 per front foot, in-
- 1 — : — i side lots. Keep in mind
(that the lots are ¦-•xtr.i
>g g S" — •-• wide, having 27:6 front,
S 5 s 3 5 . and aro especially
adapted to 3-flat dweil-
n-t •>?•« v?.<! *-¦<: 97-r. ings. There is a two-
27.« 27.6 27:6 27.6 2'-% t * n . framo dweUJns -
WEBSTER. on the northwest cor-
ner of Eddy and Web-
iter streets, renting for $30 per month.
SPEAR AND HOWARD STS.
•*__ . Land assessed "for
reowarfl. $19,250; ! improvements
j gi : g i belong to tenant; south-
e -, .3 west corner of Spear
5 ' ii ' and Howard streets.
•j, if. * This ls a piece of prop-
jj.g ' erty that has been eag-
' ' ' ' eriy sought after, and
th* owners have time and again been asked to
put a price on it. It is ln the heart of what
11 rapidly becoming: the wholesale district of the
city. All the large real estate transactions of
the past year have been in the vicinity, and
the surrounding property is now rumored to
belong to the Santa : Fe or Southern Paciflo
companies. Present rental, $S3 per month; no
lease.
The water rates are all paid by the tenants
where not mentioned. Any further particulars
or information will be gladly furnished at the
office of
. B. P. OLIVER,
Beal Estate Agent and Auctioneer/
114 Montgomery Street.
James Alexander, beloved husband of Ellen
Hopper, aged 69 years.
Kyinterment in Honolulu. H. I.
HURD— In Oakland. December 11. 1900. Mrs.
Catherine B. Hurd, widow of the late W. S.
Hurd, a native of New York, aged 81 year*
and i 11 months.
E7Notlce ot funeral hereafter.
JOHNSON— In this city. December 11, 1900, en-
tered Into rest, at the residence of Dr. John
Harold Philip, 1413 Hyde street, Adalene E.
Johnson, widow of Samuel W. Johnson, and
daughter of the late Charles W. Whlpple of
Detroit. Mich., a native of Detroit.
K7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from th« Church
of St. Mary the Virgin, corner Union and
Stelner streets. Interment private.
KE-ANE— In this city. December 10, 1900. Mar-
garet Keane. beloved mother of Mrs. J. F.
Connolly, Mrs. James Lovett and James J.,
Martin S. and the late John J. Keane, a na-
tive of County Clare, Ireland, aged 65 years.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 270 Ninth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Ceineten'.
McBOWEN-In this city, December 11. 1900,
Samuel, beloved husband of Grace McBowen,
and father of Mrs. !«. J. Hartwell, a native
of Newark, N. J. ¦
tTFunsral from his lata residence, 3010
Harrison street, to-morrow (Thursday), at
10:30 o'clock. Interment private.
MULLIN— In this city. December 10, 1900, Mary
Mullln. a native ' of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 6S- years.
PFAEFFLE-In this city,' December 11. 1900,
Dorothy Maria, Infant daughter of Henry Q.
and Alice M. Pfaeffle, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 4 months an<5:.l days.
CXJhe funeral will take place to-morrow
' (Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1S39 Market street. Interment
Cypress Lenn Cemetery.
REOAN— In this city, December 10, 1900, John,
beloved uncle of Timothy and Mary Regan,
a native of Kllmacabee. County Cork, Ire-
land, aced 53 years.
(CyFYlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday).* at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 218 Minna street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. CQmmeneine at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemf»tery.
OFFICERS and members of Division No. 11,
A. O. H. ln A., are Invited to attend the
funeral of our late brother, John Regan, from
his late residence. 218 Minna street, at T
o'clock. E>- FITZPATRICK, Pres.
ROBERTS— In this city, December 11, 1900,
Annie, dearly beloved wife of John William
Roberts, a native of County Cork. Ireland,
a"ed 49 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
• of Castagnetto & Ravenna, 643 and 645 Va-
llejo street. /Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RODRIGES— In this city. December 11, 1900.
Peter Rodriges, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
Maria Rodriees, a native of La Paz, Lower
California, aged 25 years 4 months and 10
days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrpw
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1306 Mason street, and thence to Ma-
eonlc Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, where the funeral services will be
held under the auspices of Doric Lodge No.
216 F. and A. M.. commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
TKMPLB In Lorin, South Berkeley, Decem-
ber 10. 1900. Jennette C, youngest daughter
of. the late Isaac and Jane Temple, and be-
loved sister of Mrs. Henry Schiller and Fan-
nlo E. and Eroderick I. Temple, a native of
Pan Francisco, aged 35 years 11 months and
12 days.
pr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fun«ral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
her late residence, 1643 Kelton street. Lorin.
Bouth Berkeley. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery, Ban Francisco.
WELK— In this city, December 10, 1900, Nathan,
beloved son of Max and Bertha Welk, aged
1 year 2 months and 11 days.
WHITE — In this city, December 11, 1900.
Thomas, beloved son of George and Mary
White, brother of George, Lillian and Mary
White, and grandson of Fanten White, a na-
tive of Brownsville, Or., aged 5 years and 10
months.
(C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 1:20 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. 620 l 4 Natoma street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.MRS. GINA WILCOX. WHO INTENDS TO COME TO AMERICA TO OP
POSE THE SEATING IN CONGRESS OF HER EX-HUSBAND. HA
WAII'S DELEGATE-ELECT.
defendant if he formerly owned a coupling
pin which he produced. Hoff gave an eva
sive answer.
The -prosecution will close its side of
the case by noon to-day.
COUPLING PIN
IS IN EVIDENCE
"Pleas«d to Meet You," Says
Seymour When Ha First
Meets Hoff.
The afternoon session of the Hoff case
yesterday was replete with both dramatic
and humorous situations. Captain of De
tectives Seymour was on the stand and
told of his search for Hoff the day after
the Clute murder and how he eventually
found him in Captain Lees* office in the
City Hall and was formally introduced to
him. After the presentation Seymour says
that he said to Hoff, "I ant pleased to
meet you. Mr. Hoff." There was a ripple
of laughter in the courtroom when Sey
mour made this admission, and nobody
doubted that he was glad to meet Hoff
after a twenty-four hour fruitless search
for the much-wanted man.
The dramatic feature of the day was
when Dr. E. Bunnell was on the stand.
He grasped the coupling pin firmly In hla
hand and showed the jury how a terrible
blow could be inflicted with the weapon
and how it might leave a wound in the
hand of the person who held it.
¦ Yesterday morning the first witness was
Police Officer Feeney. Ho concluded his
testimony. of the day before. He waa fol
lowed by Sergeant of Police H. H. Colby,
who stated that Hoff appeared at police
headquarters, on the | morning, after the
murder about 8 o'clock. He asked for the
Chief of Police, and said that he was tho
carpet layer that: they were looking for
and that his name was Hoff. Colby sent
for the official stenographer and Captain
Seymour.. Hoff then made a statement to
the latter officer, which was taken down
In shorthand. *\*. '-'¦
Otto Heyneman, the official stenogra
pher, was the next witness. . Attorney
Schooler, for the defense, strenuously ob
jected to his -statement being admitted in
evidence, as it was down in shorthand.
Judge: Cook ruled that the witness could
not read the statement off verbatim, but
that he might look at the pages and re
fresh his memory. Heyneman's statement
was similar to that of Chief Lees.
In the afternoon -W. B. jjxeger, owner of
the house at 803 Guerrero street, explained
to the Jury, the alterations that had been
made in the residence since the murder
and L. F. Terkerson, a photographer em
ployed by Bushnell, Identified the photo
graph and negative of Hoft's wounded laft
hand. taken at the request of the police
on December 16, 1S97. v
•Dr. E; Bunnell, who Was assistant sur
geon at the time of the murder, swore
that he examined Hoffs hand on Decem
ber 16, 1897. Hoff told him that he hurt it
by picking up a plank with a nail in it.
The next day the surgeon again exam
ined the wound, and Hoff claimed that he
had cut It with a tack in a piece of car
pet. The Injury was a contused lacerated
wound In the palm of the left hand about
half an inch deep. A coupling pin. such as
was In evidence, would produce just such
a wound. The raised burr at the head of
the pin would exactly correspond with the
length of the wound. A. nail or a tack
would -not make such a wound.
"Captain John ¦ Seymour Identified the
coupling pin as the one he brought to the
City Hall from . S03 Guerrero street. The
pin was admitted in evidence by Judge
Cook. Seymour arrived at the house
where the murder was committed about 7
In the evening. -He met Hoff the next day
in police headquarters, when he asked the
Have a Look at Them.
The most beautiful ladies' shoes ever
made will be sold to-morrow for $1 83 a
pair. Only a few words about this shoe:
Made of vlci kid. hand turned, stylish,
coin toe, worth $3 50; sold for Jl S5 at the
ehoe trust sale of the Bee Hive Shoe Com
pany. 717 Market street, near Third. •
Mother Eve may have invented curi
osity, but she Is the only woman on rec
ord who never turned around to see what
the other woman had on.
FOUR DAYS MORE
Is Absolutely All the Time We Will
Devote to This Affair.
We still have left a few of our choicest
pianos, and there are only FOUR DAYS
left for you to decide whether you want
one or not. This is the last call. . Us© your
own Judgment and do Just what you think
is right. We have accomplished what Me
started in to do: viz., turn the bulk of our
piano stock into ready cash to be used in
the manufacture of mining machinery at
our factory, 23 Stevenson street. There is
no question of price on these pianos, nor
of their quality. It is simply a question
of whether you want a piano and have the
money to buy It with or not. ' We have the
bargains if you have the money, and you
have Just Wednesday, Thursday, Friday
and Saturdav left for you to make up
your mind. You must either "Blow hot
or blow cold," for if they are not sold by
9 o'clock. Saturday, night they will either
be returned to the' factory or disposed of
to some other dealer. Our number is still
230 Post street. Our name Is t> Hocliett
Bros. & Co., and we will be pleased to see
you day or night, as we are running over
time during this sale. ¦ . ¦ *
If his divorced wife carries out her plans
to oppose him. Roberts was rejected by
Congress, who fourd him guilty of con
tracting bigamous marriage, and Wilcox's
case is identical with that of Roberts.
The white population of the Hawaiian
Islands Is determined, that Wilcox shall
not represent their interest in Congress,
and every effort is being made to prevent
him doing so. There can be little doubt
aa to the action Congress will take In the
contest, for the case of Brigham Roberts
forms a precedent which is not likely to
be set aside.
Wilcox, who is a "half-white." won the
prince&s as his bride when he was a mili
tary student In Italy and the protege of
tho late King of Hawaii. The blandish
ments and roseate stories he painted had
a rude awakening when the couple
reached their island home in 1S97. Dis
gusted with her husband's actions, the
young princess fled to this city, where her
child was born. Wilcox followed her and
for a time they were in the direst straits.
Wilcox went back to Hawaii and his wife
was assisted to return to her home in
Italy. Four years ago she filed suit for
annulment of the marriage In the Italian
courts, and shortly afterward Wilcox
married the Princess Koehelelani, a de
scendant of the Kamehamehas, despite
the fact that his Italian wife had not yet
secured her legal freedom. Since Wilcox
and his Italian wife separated she has
always expressed the most bitter feelings
toward him, and if she should come to
Washington to protest against his being
seated in Congress, it Is satfe to assume
that she will not decorate him with "leis"
or welcome him with "alohas."
Judgment is thereupon given for the
plaintiff for $2240. less-JCOO, for which the
stock was sold, and the $120 interest to de
fendant, leaving a remainder of J1520 with
6 per cent Interest on that sum from Oc
tober 31. 1S94.
Section 6201. of the Revised Statutes of the
T-nlted States prohibits banks from dealing
In their stock except to protect themselves
against debts, and while attention has not been
called to any statute directly prohibiting what
these parties did, it Is clearly against the
spirit of the law to make such contracts as
they attempted to carrv out. To allow bank
officers to deal In the stock of the bank be
tween themselves, and to make such contracts
as the parties attempted to make In thlf
caee, would op»»n the door to innumerable
frauds. The sale of the stock by the defend
ant to the bank cannot be sustained. The
bank, however, subsequently sold the stock for
J600. and as It had the upe of the defendant's
JTOOO for a year, he should be allowed for that
use the legal Interest of 6 per rent, equaling
$120, but he is not entitled to the $120 for al
leged salary, the allowance of that having
been a inert pretext to pay him 12 per cent
Interest as agreed.
On October 25. 1893. the defendant purchased
of the bank twenty shares of its stock, for
which be paid J2000, with the agreement be
tween him and the president and cashier of
the bank that at any time within a year he
could return the stock and be repaid the pur
chase price and 12 per cent interest thereon.
Thereupon he was elected a director and vice
president of the bank, and at the end of the
year he returned the stock and the eame o..
oere received It and paid him therefor $2349
but instead of paying him 12 per cent Inter
est they allowed him 6 per cent, amounting
to tl20, and allowed him the additional $130 for
salary as vice president. Notwithstanding his
surrender of the stock, he continued for more
than a year to act as director and vice presi
dent, the stock In the meantime remaining
upon the books of the bank In his name. Sub
sequently the bank sold the stock for $600.
In commenting upon the foregoing find
ings Judge Beatty says:
United States District Judge Beatty of
Idaho has handed down a decision In the
case of P. W. Strader. receiver of the
Bennett National Bank, vs. H. B. Bate
man, tried In the United States Circuit
Court in this city by Judge Beatty sev
eral months ago. In his opinion the
Judge lays down the law with respect to
the manipulation of bank stock by bank
managers. Judge Beatty says:
United States District Judge
Beatty Hands Down
Opinion.
BANK OFFICIALS
MUST NOT OEAL
IN BANK'S STOCK
gree of excellence In the branches of medical
education under his special care «nd to_ ad
vance the interest, of the entire allege: and
Whereas The mpdtcal faculty of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons feel the great loos
suffered by the resignation of a man of such
high standing, not only here but wherever Eng
lish Is spoken and the science of medicine
known: therefore, be It
Resolved That we, the members of the medi
cal faculty of the College of Physicians and
Surgeons of San Francisco, deeply . regret his
resignation and take this means of assuring
him not only of our high appreciation of his
valuable services to the college, but of our
desire to ever retain his best wishes and friend
ship. H. ROSENTHAL, Chairman.
"The?© resolutions are all very nice and
gratifvlng." said Dr. Potter, "but the
fact that the real grievances of the best
wishers of the college were not given con
sideration either by the trustees or the
faculty shows the dominating influence
that controls the Institution so lnlml
cally."
THE many rumors which have
gained wide credence that a con
test would be made against Rob
ert W. "vVllcox. the Hawaiian del
egate-elect, taking his seat In
CongTess have been verified In the last
few days, and it now appears that the
prime mover in the proposed contest
against Wilcox is no less a person than
his divorced wife, the Princess Gina Co-
Ionna Sobrero de Stagliono. Wilcox soon
after his arrival in this city ridiculed the
idea that any opposition would be made
to his taking his seat In Congress, and
declared that his enemies In the Hawaiian
Islands had simply trumped up a case in
accusing him of bigamy, r.nd that his di
vorced wile, who is in Italy, had and still
has the kindliest feelings toward him.
In a letter to a lady who resides In tho
southern part of the State the Princess
Colonna recently wrote that she contem
plated a visit to America in the near fu
ture, and then says: "I can never for
give the man who ruined my young life
and who deceived me into marrying mm
by wicked and false stories as to our fu
ture life in Hawaii. The post of honor
to which he aspires in the Congress of
America shall never bo his. If I can stop
it, and for that reason I shall soon visit
your country."
Judging by the action which Congress
took In the case of Brigham Roberts of
Utah who was not allowed to take his
seat in the national legislature, there
seems to be little chance of Wilcox ever
being worn in as a member of Congress,
a suggestion; "but what Is the use of
squandering money on leleqrams? I know
everything is all right. I wrote to my sis
ter to-Gay nnd In t^n days' time I shall
have an answer. I am no' impatient and
ffel perfectly content to wait till then.
"My urcle left twenty-five millions,"
went on Jhc lady, "nnd it is to be divided
according to his will, between myself, my
sistei-F— Mrs. A. Goodrich of Minneapolis
and Mrs. Br»tson of Montreal— and their
children, my three nieces. I have decided
to leavr for Montreal on the first of Janu
ary. To-day 1 consulted with real estate
brokers and in view of my approaching
departure 1 put my house on the market.
After 1 get my money 1 shall probably
make my home In Minneapolis."
Th« new millionairess la altogether a
rharmlng and attractive woman of uncer
tain years, with but one apparent defect
total lack of memory. Although she said
she corresponded with both her sisters
regularly, she cauld not remember the
street and number to ¦which she addressed
their letters. That, however, is a little
thing and can be eupily overlooked In a
lady who, perhaps, one of these days
can put her name to a five-time million
dollar check.
MIPS LIZZIE KERNS, the mature
landlady, who on Monday an
nounced that she had fallen heir
to a modest five millions, has
not woke up yet. " Testerday she
reiterated her tale of the day previous.
ccceiMed her allied acquisition of vast
trea!th a? a common matter, and declared
F hp cared not for man. but was all
¦wrapped up in chicken!" and cows.
Diirlr.p the day Miss Kerns rubbed el
txyvrs with many who had sought to im
press upon her that the joyful telegrams
of ias: •realtil inherited were fakes, pure
and simple, and that somebody had "put
i:p a Job en her." But Miss Kerns would
rot bf idarmed. With a touching naivete
fhi I'.flarfd she knew that "t*ie tel^jrrams
•were «!l right" and that she would not
t>e discouraged.
In fact, so very ro^tive was the land
lady that she was a lady of vast means
that she started out to do as all the mil
lionaires do — save money.
"I krow I might telegraph my sister if
things were as the telegrams 1 received
stated them to be," she said in answer to
UBS. KERNS AND HER SISTER IN* MINNEAPOLIS. ALLEGED HEIRS
TO A VAST ESTATE SAID TO HAVE BEEN' LEFT BY AX UNCLE IN
CANADA.
Whereas. Dr. B. O. L. Potter, one of the
founders of the College of Physicians and Sur
geons of San Francisco, and one of the pro
fessors and trustees, has deemed It best to re
sign as such professor and trusteee, and r
Whereas, Dr. Potter possesses a worldwide
reputation as a teacher and author: and
Whereas, r>r. Potter has been assiduous and
conrtant In tail efforts to maintain a, high de-
The only conditions upon which I would
again enter the College of Physicians and Sur
geons In any way are (1) the reorganization
of the board of trustees by admitting thereto
the oldest members of the medical faculty to
the full number allowed by law and (2) the
changing of those of the present officers of
the Institution who ha\ f e been responsible -for
the administration i of Its affairs during the
past two years.
With many regret* that the circumstances
are such as to compel me to sever m^ con
nection with the college, I am, very sincerely
yours, BAMUEIi O. L. POTTER,
According to Information later received
by Dr. Potter this communication never
reached the faculty. It was presented to
the faculty meeting and by a aeries of
parliamentary tactics was placed on the
table without being read or receiving the
slightest consideration. On November 13
Dr. Potter received a set of complimen
tary resolutions as follows:
College of Physicians and Burgeons
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Nov. 13, 1900.
Dr. 8. O. L. Potter, San Francisco, Cal.—
Dear Doctor: By direction of the medical fac
ulty of the College of Phyaicians and Surgeons,
I tore the honor to present to you the follow
ing resolutions adopted by the faculty at a
meeting held November 7, 1900.
Under these circumstances I cannot consent
to have any further association with a body
which has absolutely ignored a respectful and
eerious set of charges made by one of its
members against its management bf the affairs
of the Institution. The .facts above recited
speak for themselves and will no doubt com
mend to your Judgment the position taken by
me. My self-respect would not permit me to
continue a member of the board after my re
monstrance was treated with silent contempt.
In regard to my continuing in the faculty I
beg to say that with the present restricted
membership of the board of trustees the finan
cial and educational status of the college Is
not sufficiently guarded or conserved. As the
board is now constituted four men can rule
the Institution without hindrance and can
spend its earnings (188,000 in four years) with
out question.
Its educational and professional standards
are being steadily lowered by tne admission
of students of known bad antecedents, some
having been given two years' advanced stand
ing though not entitled to any such. The
faculty Is steadily and 'deliberately Ignored In
the management of the college; its standing
committees are not arpolnted and the powers
originally given to It have been usurped by
the officers of the board of trustees. No col
lego can last long in this country under such
arbitrary management as this and I cannot
lend whatever Influence I have among students
and in the medical profession, to support a
policy which I do not approve or to sustain
educational methods which I have strenuously
opp'osed all my life.
On the 17th of last month I presented to your
board of trustees, of which I was then a
member, a formal remonstrance concerning cer
tain changes In policy and certain faulty acts
of administration in the management of the
college. A copy of this remonstranca Is ap
pended hereto for your Information. I pre
sented It in person, at a meeting called for
the purpose of hearing a committee appointed
some time previously on the finances of the
college and to suggest Improvements in its ad
ministration. I was a member of that com
mittee, but I did not report as such, for the
reason that I found my coadjutor adverse to
my chief recommendation,' namely, the Increase
of the board of trustees to fifteen members.
Hence I made an Individual report. I with
drew immediately after presenting It, saying
that I did «o In order to enable the board to
discuss It freely, unembarrassed by my pres
ence. The paper waa received and read at
that meeting. 1 waited ten days for some
official request to substantiate my statements
or for some conference by committee or other
wise concerning the serious charge* brought
by me against the management of the college.
Hearing nothing whatever In that time I sent
my resignation to the beard on the 27th ultimo,
and this was acknowledged by the secretary
pro tem. under date of September 28, saying
that both papers would be taken up at" the
regular meeting on October 1. On October 3
I received the formal acceptance of my resig
nation. Taut no mention then or since of my
remonstrance or of any action by the board
thereon.
Immediately following Dr. Potter's res
ignation a committee of the faculty, of
which Dr. E. E. Kelley was the chair
man, waited upon Dr. Potter and asked
him to withdraw his resignation, state
his reasons therefor and remain, at least
a professor emeritus. Dr. Potter made
repiy and duly transmitted the following
letter, together with a copy of the report
to the board of trustees, which has al
ready been made public:
1220 SUTTER STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Oct. 29, 1900.
To the Medical Faculty. College Physicians
and Surgeons of San Francisco— Gentlemen : I
nave the honor to acknowledge your request,
made by your committee, that I would con
tinue my connection in some manner with the
College of Physicians and Surgeons. While
I am flattered by this mark of your confidence
I feel that I cannot make any proper answer
thereto without Informing you fully of the
reasons for my resignation and the circum
stances attending it.
The trustees desire me to say that they regret
exceedingly that you have seen fit to take this
step, that they have always entertained and
dp now entertain for you a very high degree of
respect, have considered you a most excellent
teacher, a safe counselor and a true friend,
and that your resignation has been accepted
only because they believed that it was offered
with sincerity and that no measures which they
might adopt would be sufficient to change your
purpose. They desire me to extend to you
their very best wishes for your health and
prosperity, and hope that in severing your con
nection with the college they have not lost a
friend. Tours truly, D. A. HODOHEAD.
Secretary Pro Tem.
''This was promptly accepted and a let
ter In response to mine of resignation,
without reference to the matters con
tained in the original communication, was
received. It states:
College of Physicians and Surgeons,
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Oct. 3. 1900.
S. O. I,. Potter, A.M., M. D.. 1220 Sutter
street, city— Dear Doctor: At a regular meet
ing of the board of trustees held October 1
your letter of September 27, 1900. In which
you resign all connection with the College of
Physicians and Surgeons, was read, and upon
motion duly seconded, was accepted.
To the Board of Trustees, College, of Phy
slclana and Burgeons of San Francisco — Gen»j
tlemen: Referring to my unanswered letter df
September 15 for the reasons for this action,
I hereby resign all my connection with your
college, namely, as trustee and secretary of
the board of trustees and profesaor of principles
and practice of medicine and clinical medicine.
Very respectfully, BAMUEL O. I* POTTER.
"In order that the members of the
board of trustees might be untrammeled
In their discussion of the report. 1 left tho
room, and after waiting to hear of some
action being taken In the matter by the
trustees without avail, I sent the follow
ing letter of resignation:
EAK FRANCISCO, Sept. 27, 1900.
Dr. Bamuel O. L. Potter, whose resigna
tion from the board of trustees of the
College of Physicians and Surgeons ex
posed the internecine Btrife in that insti
tution, returned on Sunday evening from
Arizona. He expressed yesterday his sur
prise at the fact that so much bad feel
ing existed between past and present
members of the board of trustees and fac
ulty. ;.:.'-•
"I had no part In bringing the matter
to the attention of Hie public," he Bald,
"but I feel that the correspondence lead-
Ing to my resignation and the causes
therefor should be made public. I was on
a committee of the board of trustees to
corroct the abuses of the present man
agement and to endeavor to devise a plan
that might serve to take the institution
out df the hands of the clique which
seemed to be running it into the ground.
"In my report of September 15 I pro
posed a remedy, which was to increase
the membership of the board of trustees
to the full strength authorized by law—
namely, fifteen— by admitting thereto all
the original members of the college, tho#e
who first met together and agreed to Join
in the movement and who are still mem
bora of the college faculty. I then set
forth In extenao my reasons for this
course, which have already been presented
in full in The Call.
Fight In College of Physicians and
Surgeons Is Reopened by the
Return of Dr. S. 0. L.
Potter.
Spicy Correspondence Sent
to Late Conferes.on
Faculty.
POTTER CLAIMS
HIS PROTESTS
WERE IGNORED
THE SAJST FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1000.
Miss Kerns Ready to Leave For Mon
treal to Collect Her Inheritance.
CONVINCED SHE HAS
MILLIONS TO SPEND
NO "ALOHA" TO GREET
WILCOX IN CONGRESS
* . - . .
Divorced Wife oF Hawaii's Delegate
Will Ask For His Rejection.
12
SPECIAL IMPORTATION
-FOB THE-
HOLIDAY TRADE.
LADIES' INITIALED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS
(pure linen,)
$1.00, $1.50 and $3.00 per Box.
(6 IX A BOX).
GENTS' INITIALED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS
(pure linen.)
$1.50, $2.40 and $3.00 Box.
(6 nr a box).
GENTS' SILK INITIALED HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS.
40c, 50c, 75c and $1.00 Each,
LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND EMBROIDERED HAND-
KERCHIEFS (all linen.)
I5c, 25c, 50c, 75c, up to $4.00 Each.
LADIES' BATTENBERG AND POINT VENICE LACE TIES
AND COLLARS.
$1.00 to $4.00 Each.
LADIES' NOVELTY NECKWEAR, In Chiffon, LlbertU
Silk and Moussellne de Sole.
75c to $7.00 Each.
LADIES' LIBERTY SILK AND CHENILLE RUFFS.
$2.00 to $15.00 Each.
LADIES' REAL DUCHESSE HANDKERCHIEFS AND
COLLARS.
$2.00 to $35.00 Each.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED SILK REEFERS AND SILK
MUFFLERS, in great Yarletu.
$1.00 to $3.00 Each.
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS,
COMMENCING SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15th.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
ADVXBTTSEMENTS.
Probably the mo6t difficult thJngr In the
world to learn Is to "know thyself."
Trunks & traveling bag*. Before bnrtas se«
pur -bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.. 13S Ellis.*
If a man does his duty to himself ho
does his duty to all the world.
Tour name In sold letters free of charge
on all fine pocketbooks, letter and card
cases, memorandum and bill books, diar-
ies, cameras and traveling sets. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 711 Market st. •
YOUR BOY
Would Appreciate I*othin$i
So Much as a
BtC YCLE
$35.00.
It Is Fitted With a
MORROW COASTER BRAKE at
— S4O.OO--
JUYENILE BICYCLES— $20, $22.50, $25.
LEAVlffl BILL,
309 Larktn Street . . . SAN FRANCISCO.
2O Ran Pablo Avenue OAKLAND.
57 South Second Street .... SAN JtMSE.
DDTTCU17Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DnUOilljO *rm. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders. c&n£y-maJcers, cannerm,
<*.yera. "ourrcllle. foundries, laundries, paper"
ha&cera. prlntere. palctera, cboe factories, at*.
Uemea, tar -roofers, tanners, tailors, etc -
BUCrlA>A\ BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
IA/. X. HESS.
K0TAKT PZBLIC A1O ATTOKKXr-AT-LAV.
Xentb Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldf.
Telephone Brown JU.
Becldence. E21 California St.. below Powell.
Eao Francisco.
%£tl?^30 MARKET ST. SF.
*m. a « H B jA LaT.ln A Rand Waterprrax
fiE ' K* G t ¦ Emokelnw Pcwder. In bvJk
I ill V. fc^d ittded la t&ells. Send
[|n.l for catalcrue cf iporticg
jyii U rooCr. GEO. W. EHREVE.
n* Market st.
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
HOUSE.
:, A HOLIDAY
>||||fe=^ We haTC 25 other
'S?gO^ yarietiss.
%JH3F3i OUR NEW 600DS
HAVE ARRIVED.
10 per cent off Now Is your
for Cash. time to select.
fp^TTHIS DESK
\ \ Is 5o!id Oak,
,|r^y Birdseje Maple
— 1 •^~~_7^j It will pay you
: " • "^"~~"~ ~ Tf to C «»H and in-
; u j epect our new
d goods.
only fo.so. AU 8 00 * 3 marked in
1O per cent off plain figares. 10 psr
for Cash. cent off fcr ca3L
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
OPPOSITE TAYLOR ST.
OPEN EVENINGS.
TURKISH AND PERSIAN
RUGS!
FINEST COLLECTION HVEK SEEN
AT GREAT REDUCTION BEFORE
REMOVAL !
PRICES 10 to 20 PER CENT LESS
THAN ANYWHERE ELSE
OR NO SAJL.E.
COR. GEARY AND STOCKTON
The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR
A Handsome Christmas /3* |gy
Easjr and ComfortaWo^^/jj^O/
Price $15. Come and ace It.
W. A. SCHROCK,
1 0 New Montgomery Street.
"DR.MQNULTY.
rrnra well-kso wn and rkliable old
X Specialist curts Blood Poison, (lonorrbcea.Gleet,
8trtctur*. Seminal Weakness. Impotence »nd their
»llle<1 Disorders. Book on Diseases o! Met», free.
OverSOyearVesP'^enee.Term* reasonable. Hoar*.
»to3daily:«:30to3.30«»T t K5. SandJiys.lOto 12. Conaul-
tatlonfreeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
. p. BO8COE McXCLTT.M.D.
26 H RcarnySU San Francisco, CtL
Howard 1021.
119 TAYLOR STREET. ¦ *
4-Day Grocery Specials!
Open Evenings. , .
COFFEE— Mustavit, strictly pure. '¦ '
Pound ; ..:.... . . . v 20e
Rer- 30c.
Packed Hot. Alr-tlght cans.
Our prices tell . the story. *c!^136
TEA— Any flavor, kind you enioy;
pound :. ; ... . . . . . . .33 l-3c
Cut from 60c Twenty varieties. Our loss
your Tea. " . .
If from Faber's It's rood. • • : ;
CHOW CHOW— Home made, ap-
petizer; bottle. ... .... '. . . .lOc./ZOc.
Mrs. Faber's Popular. Superior to Imported
at double price. ; •.,.'
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE— .
Royal Welsh. . . . . . . . Bottle 12 l-2c
Pronounced by connoisseurs . the only good
rauce.
Twenty specials weekly.
WHISKEY — Straight Bourbon.
Large bottle .55c
i Why be without? Mild and mellow.
&0c Reeulnr.
CURRANT JELLY— Mrs. Fa-
ber's home-made; Rlass ......... lOc
See our windows. . '
COF-FARIN— The perfect cereal
coffee; 25c package ........... . .lOe
Makes Btronjf nerves; regulates digestion.
Try Mrs. Faber's Mince I Meat.
BUTTER— Fancy table— just .in.
16-ounce pound .... .....:..... .25c
Better than ever. 'Come and sample. *',
, Watch our specials.
piano purchasers!
ATTENTION ! f
28 Grand and Upright %
WEBERI
PIANOS S
Used by tbe artists of the •
GRAU OPERA COMPANY J
Will be offered for sale at q
LARGELY REDUCED PRICES. •
This and next week. J
Old instruments taken in ex- x
change. 5
Terms given if desired. £
NOVEMBER 14, 1W0. 2
I take much pleasure In saying **
that the Weber haa given me the •
greatest eatlrfactton. • A
JOHANNA GADEKI. £
CLARK WISE & CO., I
AGENTS, $
Corner Geary and Grant Ave,, S. F. •
EU Twelfth St.. Oakland. 2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tempting
Plated Silverware.
Finest Quadruple Plated
Goods. The new Joan ware
is the sensation on the market.
Tea Sots .
Coffee Sets
Baking Dishes
Gake Baskets
Tea, Table
anil Dessert Spoons
Knives and Forks
Many Other Fanoy
Pteoea
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Great Amencailmpsrtinff Tea Ct
CITY 6T0RB8.
HO Grant A»«., bet. Post and 8att*iv
861 Market St., opp. Pow*H.
noeixthfit. 1419 Poik st.
113 Third St. 1819 Dovlaadoro 6U
146 Ninth St. 2OOS Flllmore St.
3006 Sixteenth 6t. 521 MontftonMry A*,
2316 Mission 8t. 8285 Miwlon 8t.
705 Larkln St. 2782 24th St.
85S Hayes St. 47S Hatfcbt St.
62 Market 8t.
OAKLAND STORES.
IOS3 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
1185 28rd Avo. 616 E. I2th St.
1510 8ev«nth 8t.
ALAMEDA— 1SS5 Park St. .
6AN RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth,
HT TWO QUALITIES !¦«
la. - * ji -JM
I A Useful |
j Present j
Can you think of any- •
S. thing more sensible, $
more useful, more fitting v
for a present than a pair £
of good, stylish, durable, 2
comfortable I
I Shoes? \
5 Surely no one has too \
¦ many — and every one jf
\ has to wear shoes. \
IX Our Shoe Orders \
f Permit the recipients to ¦;
¦:• make their own seleo r
: lions — assuring fit and \
satisfactory shoes. \
LippitteFi/lier
1 Up-To-D&ie Shoes of Qtmliiy ..
ADVEETISEMENTS.