SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXTHI— NO. 125.
PRICE FITE CENTS.
Valuable Tax Stamps Mysteriously Disappear — Effort
to Throw Blame Upon the Postal Author
ities Is Bitterly Resented.
SCANDAL IN THE OFFICE
OF J. C. LYNCH, COLLECTOR
OF INTERNAL REVENUE
(Continued on Second Page.)
MrjNICH, Oct. 2.— Prince Albert, of Belgium, heir apparent
to the throne of that country, was married to-day to the
Duchess Elizabeth of Bavaria. . The . civil ceremony took
place in the throne room and was followed by. a' religious service
in the Chapel Royal, after which : there was a reception. King Leo
pold and King Charles of .B-oumania. attended the wedding. The
Archbishop of Munich officiated. -1 .V:£ ;;. • . .
BRTJSSEIS, Oct. 3.T-A11 Belgium was en fete yesterday in
honor of the royal wedding. . The Belgian and Bavarian flags were
everywhere displayed. Special services were held in' many places
and during. t-'ae evening there were military sessions in all the gar
risons. The . Prince and Princess will arrive next Saturday, when
official and popular fetes will be given, luting several days.
PRINCE ALBERT WEDS
A BAVARIAN DUCHESS
setts 15, Michigan 14; Minnesota 9, New Hampshire 4, New Jerssy
10, New York 36, North Dakota 3, Ohio 23, Oregon 4, Pennsylva
nia 32, Rhode Island 4, South Dakota 4, Vermont 4, Washington
4, West Virginia 6, Wisconsin 12, Wyoming 3— total, 268.
For Bryan— Alabama 11, Arkansas 8, Florida 4, Georgia 13,
Louisiana 8, Mississippi 9, North Carolina 11, South Carolina 9,
Tennessee 12, Texas 15, Virginia 12, Colorado 4, Idaho 3, Ken
tucky 13, Missouri 17, Montana 3, Nevada 3, Nebraska 8, Utah
3— total, 166?
Mr. Manley says: "This estimate doss not place Indiana in
any column, with its fifteen votes. The fight in Indiana will . ba
closer than in any of the other States, but with the thorough or
ganization which Republicans have in that State and with, the pop
ular ticket the chances »re very largely that these votes will be
found in the McKinley column, which 'would give 281 electoral
votes for McKinley and Roosevelt. The committee is work!ng with
a purpose to give McKinley and Roosevelt 312, as against the
271 votes received four years ago. Kentucky, they firmly bslieve,
will go Republican, but they know full well that the chances
are that the Republicans in that State will be counted out."
linois 24, Iowa 13, Kansas 10, Maine e, Maryland 8, Massachu-
NEW YORK, Oct. .2.— Joseph Mauley of Maine, a member of
the National Republican Committee, issues a statement
claiming the folio-wing States for McKinley and conceding
the others to Bryan: ;:- :
For McKinley— California 0, Connecticut 6, Delaware 3, Il-
MeKINLEY IS CERTAIN
OF BEING VICTORIOUS
Action the Result of a Vote of Cen
sure Passed by Congress Be
cause of Scandals. : . ..
LIMA. Peru, Oct. 2 (via Laredo Junc
tion).—The Cabinet has resigned owing to
a unanimous vote of censure by the Con
gress, being Inevitable as a result of the
Of Finance, of Government funds for his
private transactions.. ..-."•-..;• :"•-"-."-•.. .
The Ministers of Peru- who have Jtxst re
signed were appointed August 31 last . by
President Romana. Senor Enrique Cprone!
Zegarra being '; President; of the . Cabinet
and Minister of Home Affairs.. '• - '. ; " : '".'-
RESIGNATION. OF THE
PERUVIAN CABINET
¦. scandal in connection with the purchase
of arms in .Belgium and the alleged use
by Signer Belamunde. a. former Minister
. John Hermann,.; Henry. Hermann,
Charles Kuhl, George Bartells, George
Wolf. W. H. Newman, C. H. Daly,
Among the dealers who paid their
money and did not receive their tax
stamps are the following: . ' .
The affair Is considered to be of such
seriousness that the men who paid their
¦ money and did not receive their stamps
threaten to demand an investigation from.
Washington. It is not particularly the
amount of money Involved In these trans
actions which ¦ has created the scandal,
but the reflection of acts which indicate
what the rest of the administration may
fce. It Is not 1 Improbable in view of what
has happened, that the same carelessness,
irregularities and mysterious evaslorrs
"may have had their effect In other parts
of the State. Of this, however, the angry
license payers of Stockton, of course,
know nothing. They only know that Col
lector of Internal Revenue Lynch" has
their money and they have not received
the stamps for which they paid: Over
¦three months has passed and they are
still • seeking vainly for satisfaction.
There could be then absolutely no mo
tive for. theft, on the part of postal em
ployes, and further than this, postal em
ployes are not anxious to tamper with
envelopes which bear the frank of the
Federal Government and are sent on offi
cial business. The investigating authorities
laugh at Lynch's claim that the stamps
were lost in the mail. They say it would
bo -a very curious mishap, -Indeed. . if
more than a dozen different official letters
sent to as many different addresses r-ould
all be lO3t or missent. The letters never
entered the mail, the' investigators say,
and Postmaster Montague says he- is
ready. to bet $100 to ten cents that they
Rever. left the office of Collector of In
ternal Revenue. John C. Lynch. And
Postmaster Montague has conscientious
scruples against making a bet in which
there is a chance to lose.
No Motive for Theft
transaction. Lynch has ' deliberately
shifted the blame to the postal au
thorities, and in this endeavor he has
raised a storm about hts head. The
postal authorities have made a most
searching investigation and they declare
that it is absurd to Insist that the stamps
ever entered the mall. The inspectors
and Postmaster, who resent the effort of
Lynch to throw unmerited guilt upon
them, express their belief that the
stamps which have disappeared so mys
teriously and which represent hundreds
of dollars, never left the office of John.C
Lynch. The postoffiee . authorities refer
significantly to the fact that these stamps
possess a monetary value only while they
are in the office of Collector of Internal
Revenue Lynch. When the stamps leave
that office they are of value only to the
person to whom they are addressed. *
"It will be noticed that Collector Lynch
had placed a deputy in charge' that day.
Perhaps railroad politics or the fancy of i
his political masters commanded the-pres
ence of Collector .Lynch somewhere else
than in the place fn which the Federal
Government pays him to remain. But the
satisfaction of the deputy was cheerless.
The Stockton dealers did not receive their
tax stamps, the postoffice inspectors found
no letters' that had been lost, strayed oi^i
stolen and the office' of .the Collector of i
Fred Linn Esq., Stockton, Cal.— Sir: I
am In receipt of your favor of the ltfth in»l.
and find on, consulting our record that all
the speciaj tax stamps mentioned' by ycu
were issued on the' 25th ult. and mailed in
due course to the parties for whom they
were made out. I have had other com
plaints from Stockton that stamps- mailed
at the same time were not received by the
owners, and have therefore reported the
matter to the postofflce Inspector, who has
promised to give the matter his immediate
attention. As soon as I hear from .him I
will write you again, though you will
probably hear direct from the inspector
who visits your city. Respectfully,
GEORGE A. WRIGHT.
Department Collector, In charge.
They employed an attorney to look after
their interests and on July 15 Collector
Lynch received a letter from this attor
ney, who demanded that' his clients, re
ceive that for which they had paid. In
answer to this letter Collector Lynch
wrote that- the licenses had been issued,
but that they had been lost '-in trans
mission through the malls. His epistle in
which he gave this unsatisfactory and
discouraging explanation for the delin
quencies of his office was as follows:
Internal Revenue Service,
First District of California.
•'.._¦ • . Collector's Office.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal. July 17. 1S0O.
These men paid their money and Col
lector John C. Lynch received it on June
25 of thi3 year. "The dealers' waited pa
tiently for their tax stamps, but the val
uable* paper never came. Lynch may have
been busy -doing railroad politics, dancing
servile attendance on Herrin or fulfilling
his destiny as the factotum of the Mexi
can. Whatever. he was doing he was not
busy in his office. The Stockton dealer^
became rightfully Impatient. They haa
paid for something which they had not
received. They were dealing with a Fed
eral office in "which- gigantic 'frauds had
been perpetrated. • " •
Stockton Men Take Action.
Frietas & Walker (druggists). S. Bri
ghetto. J. W. Moore, .M. F. Moore. H.
Rubencamp (pawnbroker.)- and SUverano
& Braghctto.
SCANDAL has once more entered
the office of the Collector of In
ternal Revenue and the gossips
in the Appraiser's building haw
something new with which to
keep their tongues wagging. The latest
offender in this hoodoo office Is Collector
John C. Lynch, he of bogus telegram ill
fame. The office of Internal Revenue has
been the scene of more serious scandal3
than all the others in- the local Federal
service combined ami this latest stain
upon its record will not contribute
to Its reputation. Forgery, theft, sui
cide, crimes various and Infamous
have marked the history of the office and
now accusations of £/oss neglect, care
lessness and irregularities are added to
the indictment. Reputations have been
unmade in the devious routine of this de
partment of national administration; and
now wise heads in- the big Federal build
ing are speculating on what next will
come out of the shadows of the place to
startle the public.
; Responsibility for the latest scandal In
the service of the Federal Government
rests solely upon the shoulders of Collect
or John C. Lynch. He has attempted to
shift this responsibility to the postal au
thorities, but after a thorough and abso
lutely exhaustive Investigation. Robert R.
Munro, Postofflce Inspector-in-Chief. and
TV. W. Montague, the Postmaster of thi^
1 city, emphatically declare that the blam>i
belongs to Lynch and to no' one else.
" The affair is of more than usual seri
ousness, as Jt has to do vrlth the very
department, in which I^aac Norton found
tempting financial ruin and " a suicide's
death. It Is the . department through
which the administration of Welburn was
overwhelmed, in shame and 'dishonor. It
Is the department In which scandalous
frauds have lurked and in which many
thousands of dollars have been • stolen
from the National Government by thiev
' Ing officials and unscrupulous employes.
Fail to Be.ceive Stamps.
• In the. latter part of June several sa
loon-keepers and -druggists of Stockton.
• Undine, Lockeford and Linden sent to
John C. Lynch, Collector of Internal Rev
enue, several hundred dollars with which
to purchase special licenses. They shou'.i
have received from Lynch the tax stamps
for which they had paid, but they have
since received neither money nor stamps,
although they have been persistent in de
manding what belongs to them and have
employed counsel to represent them in de
fending their rights against the singular
conduct of Lynch, and the peculiar admin
istration of his office. They, have sent let
ter after letter and nave received only the
cheerless Information that the staxnps
"have been lost. ;
In seeking to hush comment and pro
t««t over the mvsterious and irregular
Collector John C. Lynch Js the' center of the latest scandal in Federal affairs in this city. He is
accused of gross carelessness and irregularities in the administration of the internal revenue scnice, and
his accusers threaten to demand an investigation from Washington. Sci'eral liquor dealers and drug
gists of Stockton and other parts of the State have paid for their licenses and have not received them.
Lynch received the money and pleads that the stamps zverc lost in the itiails. Chief Postofficc Inspector
Munro, who made a thorough investigation, bcliars that the stamps never, left the office of Lynch. Post
master Montague is emphatically of the same opinion.
jOH\ C LYNCH, COLLECTOROF INTERNAL REVENUE, AROUND WHOMTHE LATEST SCANDAL IN FED
ERAL AFFAIRS REVOLVES. THE LETTER -IS HIS EFFORT TO EXPLAIN ONE OF THE MYSTERIOUS IR
REGULARITIES OF HIS OFFICE.
ed a thousand fold by. the charge
of expert financiering for personal ag
grandizement now laid squarely at
Bryan's door by Kingman. a millionaire
manufacturer of this city! Kingman
emphasizes the story with the earnestness
of great conviction. When asked to-night
in regard to the story Kipgman admitted
he had Information which goes to prove
that Bryan supported silver because palJ
for doing so.- Kingman stated that
among his -acquaintances Is a young
woman,' an intimate friend of the Bryan
family. She. exchanges visits every year
with Bryan's sister, who is also th?
D*mocratic candidate's private secre
tary. She visited the Bryan 'home this
year for a month and left that city the
morning the Democratic convention met
at Kansas City. She went from Lincoln
to the lakes, where' she remained for sev
eral weeks', and it was while returning
from the lakes to her home in Jackson
ville. Illinois, that- Kingman met her and
PEORIA. 111.. Oct. 2.— The. charge
cf exorbitant sums cf money ex
tracted from his followers for
oratorical outbursts is "discount
Special Dispatch to The Call.
learned the story; which has to do with
Bryan and the silver question. .
This young Woman, who Kingman
says Is the daughter of one of the best
families of Jacksonville, and whom he
can produce If necessary, stated that
while she was at the Bryan home a week
before the convention a delegation of five
men from Colorado, representing the sil
ver Interests of that section, called up->n
Bryan and made him a business propo
sition. They told him If he would in3!st
cn a silver plank In the platform, insist
upon having a ratio of "15 to I" Inserted.
R.nd. refuse to run for the Presidency on
the Democratic ticket or refuse to accept
any nomination on any other than a free
silver platform, they would pay him per
sonally $130.CC0. . -...-. .' ..-
The yonng woman asserts, says King
man, that the offer was accepted by
Bryan, and his stand before the national
convention was based upon his agreement
with the Colorado silver men. Kingman
refused to reveal the ¦: Identity or the
young lady, further than, to sajr that sn<»
Is the daughter of a prominent business
man of. Jacksonville . and. a particular,
friend of Bryan's' sister and stenographer.
Millionaire Kingman Springs a Most Sensa
tional Story About the Democratic^
Candidate. '
SAYS BRYAN WAS PAID
FOR THE SILVER PLANK
Townsend before being bound confessed
the Time arid said he was also lrnp!-icate<V
with Alexander Floyd, who was hanged
two weeks ago for an attempted assault
on Miss Kate Bearson. He said he a oil.
noyd had 'planned other crimes of like
character.. ' • • .' ' ¦ ' •' . '-..¦ :: ..'- : ; '
Then a halt was called and the manner
of death was discussed by the mob. ..A
vote- was taken and the balloting showed
a majority of the crowd to favor, death
at the stake. The stake was prepared and
the negro was bound, to It with chains.
Pine knots were plied about htm arid the.
flanvs were started by the husband of hli
victim. As they leaped to the negro's,
flesh he uttered wild cries to- God -for
mercy and. help. The crowd looked, -oh:
deaf to his cries and in an hour the negro";
was reduced to ashesi . . . '-. '•';-¦' •".-' :
The negTo was taken to the edge of the
village and preparations for his death
were quickly, made.. -A' rope was flung over
thf limb of a big oak and, a hundred men
stood ready to swing him up. . :
The dogs itopped finally at a tree la
front, of Odlon's store on the north out
skirts of Electric. The crowd comlat up
soon discovered the negro sitting on a
limb. He was brought down at once and
taken to the scene of his crime. There he
was confronted by his victim, who identi
fied him. Word was sent to the orher
searching parties that the negro had been
found and about 11 o'clock a crowd of
several hundred was in the little village.
tracks disappeared and aii exciting: chase
ensued. - • '. ¦ •...•• '•."
WETFMPKA. Ala.. Oct. 2.—Win
field Townsend. a!!as Floyd, a
nesrro, was burned at the stake
in the little town of Electric,
fifteen miles- from this place, a
half hour after m!dn!ght this morning.
The negro's crime was an attempted as
sault on .Mrs. Lonnie Harrington, whose
husband set fire to the fuel which re
duced Townsend's body to ashes.
At l o'clock yesterday afternoon the
negro, 'who war a nephew of -the 'negro
Floyd, hanged a week ag-o. attempted to
assault Mrs. Harrington. Mr. Harrington
was at a cotton gin in Electric His home
Is one mile out of town. The negro went,
to the house and told Mrs. Harrington
that her husband had sent him to get 20
ctnts from her. She told him she had no
change. Then the negro left, but returned
in about ten minutes. ¦ The woman's
screams were heard by Bob Nicholls.a
negro, who was passing along the road
at the time. He ran to the house in time
to see the negro escape. As. soon as Mrs.
Harrington waa restored to consciousness
Nicholls gave the alarm. The news spread
rapidly. .
All the stores at Electric were instantly
closed, the ginneries and ?awmlll3 shut
down, the people left their wagons In the
road and- their plows in the field and
gathered for a pursuit of the negro.' The
crowd divided, some scouring the wood3
i»ear the scene of the crime and others
going to the penitentiary for bloodhounds.
The dogs were taken to where the negro's
Prisoner Confesses His Guilt and
Pleads in Vain for Mercy as
Pine Knots Blaze About Hirm
Captured After Attempted Crime,
His Fate Is Decided by Ballot
and He Suffers Awful Death.
ALABAMANS BURN
NEGRO AT STAKE
''"jfimiL HIC A<SO'. Oct. : :. —Senator '-Hahna; 1
[^?. etialraan' of. the/Republican' Na- !
W.-.^":'ji'"r.4!; Comrnittee,. 'to-day made j
.¦^¦^¦h:'*. f.rs.t . : In- Chicago'. since ]
/''-' : M : h:« r-'urr: iTcsa-'.Xew York. He
EpWke : ".» t ¦ *-' . h'oco ; -ranting- of commercial
cier: rar.d re'ail salesmen.' -The
F>.;d ;:.*:• ¦onty iaari ne- knew who approxi
rr.itVi 'ar.:. "mperor .Was Richard ¦ -Crpker.
K»- : , : .i-j-;ar««J . Mrl . Croker :with : fostering
th-i^ntf re^ts of ;the; .ice trustvand ;th«i
p 1>d that the. Jet: combination v was. a
t.r.:r-.'-f tb*T*'.tts *uch*.thiiifi : xs a trust.
He said Jittle about imperiiHsrn'. sspert- :
!r.?:that .it was a ""fai^e issue and a bugra*
Mo:'^ .Mr.-H.anr.a*aid:.:- ' : ;• ''. ¦'. \ : ¦¦-): .-.' '.
.¦Tt;is fr.ee ur&ging- for 'me', to? see. that'
The." bi2.«iVi «•?'.« :'-ir:t<»rest» . and "the f workir.y
rr.on >f i^» . T T nited States "are;. awakening
%$¦ .'he iTr.r"'*<irsce of the Issues. '•; Every
ry rr.Vw-ra'ie ;^=sue; that hajs; been presented
S/Vth* ¦ : Air."='rican.. public thus far has been
f^r ¦¦• '.fr- e..; purpose of. ; leading ¦ astray t the
rr.:-"- :r-f the people frora the real issue.
Tt v 'r* : .1« issue^only one-— the is
j=.-i ;^--f : prrfrterity .artd the continuation of
'.• ,;The i?pue- to-day !«- Just.-. what it: wt«
Jf.;i^..'c.n'*v,;ir.!Jre-ito. ..The question. !«; Dn
rhe-OAmerican people wart as a foundh.tion :
f/>r: their interests sound money 5 and pro^
tectioh t-6.-. JVmertcan : Interests and" Amert
can v wc>rkl?'.gmen*. '.'¦' :.'\ - : : ' ' ; '.: v ._:.-:.
-..'¦I-.do not want to talk about: imperial
ism. 1 rcy! friends. That is played out.'. It
;<= a . husraboo. . It was Intended to be. a
hiigabbo, -It was. intended to deceive the
A vr.+rtcrin people.; It is -ah impos'sible is
i'u*.J -it. is. i fratid; it is a humbug, to talk
:• the-' .American '• people . .' resolving
thsca**Jypi Into an empire, or that a: raan
.'¦with .¦¦-.?>> . Tfpatationi with the icharacter
a'rfi^abinty of -nnilianr McKinley; would
fc* .fan^ersperor^ if Applause.) ' : • ' ;-'
\:'ffhrTT;:[yczp} -a ¦' .conference in Phicag^
rpo>ntiy ;nf chiefs of the .op'-,
p^fftlc-n. '.and ':¦,, the' .X«?w York people, are
8r'xic ; u'«'I:. : -"-'atrait|rJc to. know jrhat.will b-.
f^.t'«sup; srhen Mr.' Bryan crmes East,
tie .tgit'- hi ta/ironBKmrf there, by his-eni
r'rrr: -Dick vCroker. and. h* will he toM
t£ki be'.Ecyet not talk' free silver In New
Tcrfc ¦. : :r'hir,e : tee.n-ln .the newspaper*-^
a-isfl- ibeiieye. every word br. U. Wtrange
t" -.^er^that -there- was '.*' .leal : rrjade ! t<»
p.^t; yilr; -.Crrker aborif Jeren Mr. f Bryan
p'<*f*?,r*s : '^ power i* ¦conrerredtn this cara^
r'.'iirri. .'-?rii. I. want to. know, of our : Wes.t
<-_'-' ;'riT.d>. whether democratic :nr. Vte~
f>u>-]ir^.n.; whether' t&ity -propose. ' tn. \1ew
of r*h'.f :. present ccndlticn -of affairs in; o.ur
<-c .--rr;. rn fpITo*r any rrian' Who Is itfltp
tare.-j'-tn from. Tamma-ny Hall'.. Ttiese. arc
B'l ; rfrsnVan.t|;es'..' 'but underlying' that let
•ii*;«*e.Vfc>i? ;-.this' man «ta«i^» for.. '.Ev^ry
to^yrkri;^ ¦"'«:¦ what politic*. Is In JCew Yoric.
iilvfry.br'i y. 'knows the ; power '-of . one man '
laf Vh^raWk? of the. DemocraUc. poi.'tician*'
tf there; Js anythin,;
ay.->roat?.hir't:..-rnj5eriaifs.m In : this, .'country.
ir'-i^'Vtjfje- pn*#r -of ; the- boss of Tamrrian>;.
¦I.t : i*ip.- iuhflf r. his ; power that • r.o person
•wa? 'vT*Ttr5f»l.ed to.', !and'. a- -pound of id
: tip^'rt/th*-.<io<:)cs'.'of Kew York without hl's
f^TfnirsrQn ¦f.z'.'l "that pf rrofsnion -was! given.
•Jfi i_,;»5riij'. , oh<=' Vom'panjr. ; You' hear about
i r u='t.«:/ : : Th» ; Vr'*-' t.rnst 'of ..JTew.Tork affects
ri-TTy'--. P"?P> '. r=nri: Who' live? ! within the
l!rn1Ts r?t th»t jrrejit.' citjr- arid. Is the w<3rst.
r-:.-r . that -.¦fvt-T w.r ; ?. -and it- xrouid ¦ not ' bc^
¦T7.'--;:^>ff,clent/un{r.«.'A i !i : .wa* the case.. th»
r> -'¦r erovernirg ',r>-.« .rlty. of :New York
•r.t.-:'!^ n<^t . prTrnitf&TL? «rh.*r company to
" ¦ xourjl:of. te*v?S^'i:.^ng\<> dock ir.
:^nv,;<-{*y';>-Th«t Js. the. ;p.o : w<?r '.which' is
V^»"Tr'r';v^''t.hat.jij)6yerns -the men that ar?
r 'r'y--:^".'Jloriii-ric^the.. ipollcieas. in . this . cam
'i$&??.i )&\> !•-¦ '¦ ;- ; V ' '¦:'¦? -:': : : ' : ' :¦¦ '•'
•V-IJy thf ir almoi't unfted Voice as far a*
-t'-»;-.->-,!eci.b>aV r yfl>te'." ; -tras- [concerned . tn»
•^?rTiern€t'aJe» in.lSSS .said:'. "W-e do : npl
¦yi'V.r vp jn adopiitiir a : poltc>; that' will-un
(Scrteiag •'. the ¦'cftnSdence In ; this. : cotmtry.
rW* don't : ; in. the promise* made
•ty Mr. jSryan tn*t we;iie<ed jnjore money.';
rot. need more money.- There was
r!er:ty cf' . circulating medium' with our
jrr«a.»;s3-irtem of".cenisn«rce;'io; transact all
tfte/business of ¦the.aayi • TVhst wewruited
.was ' Bimply confidence.. -Party prejudices,
'party' ¦¦¦allegiances were forgotten, ielf-ih
terest.'.''self-protection, asstxraed .sway. In
tn» naiads of t^e.r^jwity.of. these people:
And. they' put their' foot «Jowa and said:
;. ''Tl> '¦ -wUI hare .none '.'of It.' \ ..it'. did- not
make any difference: to. them -anti it-doea
r*>t how whether these principles are Re
publican. Jeffersonian; ¦.Democfatic or
what. All they. want. to, know fs does yi
rr.r-An sureess and prosperity .to edrselv-e^
and : fazsCies. 'They inay brinp all; the
demagogues they coininand. upon! tiie ros
tn:m; they may attempt to create eras*
prejudice; they may lie till, they are black
in the face; but they cannot fool the peo
ple. It is that upon which my confidence
rests; it 1? that when the IntellUrent busi
ness interests ojf this country are fully
aroused ' with the importance of the re •
suit's of this election there won't be any
doubt about -them.. • • ' '¦ •
"We have .been for three years through
\-ery exciting; tJiiies. But 1 have not Been
any evidence of ariy waTit'o* confidence. . I
have not 'seen any symptoms In the busi
ness and ; commercial circles. In this coun
try, a.enotfcg any' want of confidence, and
why? Because "every* man knew' that Wil
liam Mckiriley. was at the helm. Because
every man knew .that he" was supported
by a ; Republican ' Congress in- both'
hranche*. : Everybody krows that every
effort would. be made :-.to' settle all of the
complications' and differences with one
single purpose and to- the. best interest and
honor of • our' country, it has been dune!
The United States of America' has leaped
Into- the. very, front rank • of • nations and
we are. not only respecled but" feared.
><>arpd abroad; We have maintained a
position second to none a.nd : we grained It
thrriueh a policy. <?f peace and good will
rind; Justice to • everybody- ''.*'.
: "Mr. Bryan says. he is a friend of the
wcrkinfrman. . He Is? How do we know
3t? Has he -ever proved it? (Cries of
••X.©.") Xever. ¦ :The old issue, of Mr. Mc-
Kln.ley,' the fcero of the workingman. was
the tariff which protects him That issue
was foug-ht -for 'years. : and I. do not know
cf . a labor organization in this countrj' or
these connected" with organizations when
ever they wanted anything of public leg
islation or- anything: to protect their honor
or interests that the Jr. did. not go to Wil
liam McKinley when he was in the House.
They. 'went to him because they-.knew they
were jrplr.gr to th>lr friond. The bill which
protected; them and bcr» his name during
its short life was ¦ .a ' monument to the
friendship that h* hears to the working
classes :of- the- United States.. It was re
produced in the Dingley bill, with some
modlncatlon*. nut during- the Interim we
had an experience of a tariff for revenue
or.ly and Mr. Bryan wa* on* of the chief
Exponents and principal advocates of that
measure, and ro' elated was.hr-. so rarrled
away With the «iiccf*?s of the .movement,
that; he was one ' of th-e two men who
shouldered little. Billy Wilson and carried
him around the hall of the House of Rep
resentatives on his back." (Applause.)
KOOSEVZI.T AT BRYAN'S HOME.
Vast Throngs Turn Out to Join in the
Ovation to New York's. Governor.
.LINCOLN".; N'ebr.. Oct. 2.— For some
flays preparations .have been made for a
monster demonstration in- honor of Gov
ernor Roosevelt.- the Republican candi
date for Vice Pr»«ldfat. at this place, the
home of Mr. Bryan and the capital .of
the Staf. The- census Jus*, taken gives
Lincoln's .population at 40.000. From the
arpea ranee of the crowd at' the station
and alongthe streets and In. the windows,
on the balconies and in the Capitol House
jjrounds. It would .seeai that the population
¦was all at home, to-day; that they had
invited their neighbors from all the sur
rounding country and that they had all
turned out to join .in the demonstration.
Nothinjr tqual to it has yet been seen
durinjr the'progrcss of his. journey,. which
has, now extended some »» • miles and
coverinjr a period of thirty days. : .
The line of march of the carriage from
the . station to Capitol House Square,
something over a mile and a half, was
lined ¦ with people everj'-where and the
wide streets were filled almost the entire
distance to such an extent that in many
places It stopped the passage of the car
riag-es and the mounted escort.
Arriving at the Capitol House Square
the Governor was conducted to a review
ing stand on the street and a grand pro
cession ' passed ¦ in review, taking: more
than ' an ¦ hour. There were .unique and
anruslEg featuresln this parade.- One was
the number of women on foot that took
part in It. First came about forty young
ladleBOf thecity in uniforms of blue.-oc
cupying "a- place in the column of march.
At long! Intervals came two other troops
of ladies in .uniform, the Ida. MtKinley
Club.- numbering iabout- fifty women, wort
an outer garment of stars ' and stripes,
the stripes formingr the skirt 'of the dress
ajid the -blue background and the stars
forming ja. shirt waist. Some- of the ban-
Continued :on Second Pajre.)
Sen atori farina Delivers Some
Sledge-Hammer Blows at the
DoGtrines of Democratic Party.
With iMcKinley at the
Helrri America Has Leaped Into
H^ the Front Rank of the Nations.
"PROSPERITY"
THE ONLY ISSUE
The San Francisco CallAnd in this manner the scandal In the
office: of Internal Revenue Collector John
C. Lynch rests. "' Those who are best
qualified to ; know * say, that valuable tax
stamps for which he was paid and which
he was bound to -deliver never left his
office, the "only place in which they pos
sess a monetary value except to the per
son who bought them, >
"It Is my opinion." said Robert R Mun
ro. Postofflce Inspector in Chief, yester
daj% "that the stamps never left the office
of Collector Lynch;, We have made a most
thorough Investigation and can flnn
trace of them. If a mistake hart k no
made either by the mail clerks L^"
revenue officials it would have been d£ 6
covered and remedied long aeo it *u~
stamps and letters had been i&nr *i the
part, of the- United StateT th2v t an £
have been discovered and b e?n s^? Ud
their destination long before this Tcan O
not conceive how they ever conin £
entered the malls and still & mh^ng^o?
course, it is remotely possible thnr Vk
were sent either to China or Manfio £ e ?
I hardly think that .waS probable wl
have finished our investigation"
"I will bet $100 to ten cents " salrt tv.**"
master Montague yesterday.' "that th^'
letters and stamps never ' entered ?h!
malls. I. do not believe, that" they "^
left the office of Collector John C Lynch
The shoulders of our department are
broad, of course, but we don' t~ make thfXt
kind of mistakes.: No complaints hav«
been made to us, as. the proper place to
make complaints is with the postofflce
inspectors/' ¦ . "
Inspector Munro's Opinion.
Under the direction of Inspector"Munro
a most searching investigation was made,
and the inspectors are convinced that the
letters were never mailed and the stamps
were never, sent to their purchasers. In
the first place it Is absurd to believe that
more than twelve letters sent to moro
lia i l twelve .different addresses miscar
ried. There ha 8 never been such a mis
hap under such conditions In the history
of the postal service. The stamps were
Inclosed in official -envelopes, with spl
ciflc directions to return to the sender
within a specified time. They had the
Government frank and were thus doubly
protected If they had been missent : by
the postal authorities the mistake would
have been discovered long ago and they
would have reached their proper destina
. If these letters had been misdirected bv
any careless : subordinate of Collector
Lynch the error would have been detected
and rectified even if the letters had been
sent to any part of the American conti
nent: It should be remembered that thre
months have passed since the stamps
were supposed to have been mailed. Onlv
one other contingency remains: the
stamps may have been stolen by some
dishonest. mall clerk. But the T postal ™!
spectors call attention to the fact thai
there could have been no possible motive
for theft, as the stamps were valueless to
everybody except to him to whom they
were addressed. The Investigators havn
M$0$mM b ""° f mm
Views of Postofflce Officials.
ters and stamps had been lost in the mail
This was on July 19. many days after
Lynch knew that the Stockton dealers
should have received their licenses. He
had issued the stamps, he says, on June
25. On July 7 he had been informed
that the licenses had not reached their
destination, only a few miles away. Yet
he waited until July 19 to Inform the pos
tal Inspectors that the valuable papers
had been lost in the mails.
Intemaf Revenue lapped Into silence.
ILynch's Reply to Complaints. .
Asaln the attorney, for the dealers wrote
to Lvnch. and this time the Collector hap
pened to be in Ills office And answered in
uerson He repeated .that the stamps had
been lost in the. mail and that in a few
davs' he would issue receipts for the
money sent.'. by .the dealers in payment.
His letter was as follows:
; . Internal Revenue Service.
• First District of California,
. •¦- Collector's Office,
. SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., July 31. 1900.
Fred Linn Esq.. Stockton. Ca .-Sir:
Your favor of the 30th inst. in relation to
Hcen«« -applications which were sent me
on the 23d ult. Is received. As you wtre.
advised In a previous letter these licenses
were issued and mailed to the applicants.
The Postofflce Department is now engaged
in ;tracin£ these up. In the; meantime the
revenue agent has been advised; and If the
Postofficf Dc-partinont Is unable to find
: thom" within -the next few d.iys or trace
the missirie letters, receipts Will be issued.
Respectfully^ £££££ collector.
The attorney was not the only anxious
one in the party, f On July 7 one of the
Stockton merchants became so thoroughly
disgusted at the irregularities of Lynch s
office that he wrote in his own oehalf.
Collector Lynch did not take the trouble
to answer the Indignant dealer untM July
SI v.'hen he wrote and inclosed a certifi
cate which he said "will answer the pur
pose of a license until the same is discov
ered." Lyncb's letter was as follows:
Internal Revenue Service,
' First District of Californ'a^
• Collector's Office.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. July 31. 1900.
Charles Barthell Esq.. Stockton, Cal.—
Sir- Your favor of the "7th inst. is re
ceived. During the latter part of June a
number of licenses were mailed in the
poptofnee, concerning which we have been
unable to obtain any trace. The matter
is now In the hands of the postal authori
ties for investigation. Your license was
duly' iFSued' and I* inclose a certificate
which will answer the purpose of a license
until the same is discovered. Respect
fully JOHN C. LYNCH. Collector.
Certificates in Evidence.
But Collector Lynch did not find peace by
?hrowine blame upon the postal au
thorities. The Stockton dealers did not
intend to be thrown off by vague ex
planations, and Indefinite, unkept prom
ises. They were operating without li
cences and were amenable to the law.
They were likely to suffer for irregulari
ties for which Lynch was responsible.
They therefore demanded some imme
diate satisfaction and received from
Lvnch the following certificate, in which
Lynch again seeks to evade responsibility:
Internal Revenue Service,
Office of Agent, ¦
-*;- 1 ; "-•; SAN FRANCISCO. .Cal., .
September 14, 1900.
' I hereby certify that on June 25. 1900.
special tax as a retail liquor dealer was
paid by:
C. F. Kuhl. 118 East Webber street,
Stockton. Cal., and that special tax stamp
No. 35,163 was Issued to said person, and I
further certify that It has been shown to
my satisfaction that such - special tax
stamp has been lost, and that said person
is entitled to this certificate- In lieu of
ea id stamp. JOHN C. LYNCH,
Collector. P.
When affairs began to take a > serious
turn and scandal threatened. ¦ Collector
Lynch reported to Robert B. Munro,
Postofflce" Inspector hv Chief, -that the let-
SANTA -CnCZ. Oct. 2.— Mrs. Alary Mc-
Mann, who came to Santa Cruz from Ray
mond two months ago. died last night at
the home of her aunt. Mrs. W. A. Quinley.
6he was a native of Merced County and
25 years of age. The funeral will be held
at Merced. " - % >*riVr-j
John Ostenius.
f-CHICAGQ/ Oct. 2.— John Oetentus. *«n
oTd Chlcapo musician and an inventor. Is
Jead-'eged'S* •• " V /'- ' " ~. '*
Mrs. Mary McMann.
Frwrtal Dispatch to The Call
VALLEJQ^ Oct. 2.— Alexander Parker
a veteran of the civil and Spanish wars'
who. was on the San Francisco when she
was struck- at "Havana, died this mbrnlne
et the One Mile Hou^e on the Napa road
He was a native of Edinburgh, Scotland'
and 68 years old. He leaves a kister re
siding .in Alameda County. Death was
due to heart failure. .He had been In the
army and navy forty-seven years and
Jield a personal valor medal.
Alexander Parker.
JDENVER. Oct. 2 —Joe Gang of Balti
more and George McFadden of New York
fought a ten-round draw before the Olvm
nic Club of this city to-night. The fight
!np was very fast and neither had anv
.rreat advantage atiany time. The In-flcht
fcnr yas. particularly -'ravage, although
Fcientiflc at all Urne*. If anythinc Ganl
[h*« the ten of the bout through hi^ag
pr*ssfven?ss and -pJendld blocking, and
th-. crowd. seemed to be with him. The
derision was not well received, as It had
bM>h announced there, would be no draw
About 2500 persons were present. *
Fight a Draw.
•Toloncl T"*>rley. stjrpoon in chartre.fif fh-e
hospital ship Rrlief. cables from XagaPaki
imnoundng the rJ*>ath.o'n September 23 of
Forgcant James V. Pordon. hand of the
Fourteenth Ijifar.try. of liver complaint.
YOUNG MEN FOBBIDDEN : . '
• TO PLAY FOOTBALL
LAKE FOREST. III., Oct 2.— The death
nt Lawrence Pierson. of the Lake. Forest
rnlvcrRity Football fiieven. from injuries
received In a ga e a.. week ago, has re
sulted in action by the. parents of other
players.; Six players. Oarstous fcaptainV
Howell, Roosevelt and three others have
been forbidden to play thp great college
garmv "The jratm- with Wisconsin, sche
duled for n«?xt Saturday.. a> well as all the
oth*>r_ . Sieavy rsnes down for the, season
SHliS*? f 1 h ? <"anoeJ"^a'. Wisconsin was
notified to-day, nf. this necessity.
This action fans boon taken on the lo-s
oTihe men ard not by any action of the
faculty, which has. not taken official' rec
ognition .of the' maiter.
"MANILA. Oct. 2— Adjutant .: General.
Washington: Klllr-d between Pavia and
Fanta Barbara, Panay. October 1— Second
Lieutenant Max Wagner. Twenty-sixth
Regiment. Volunteer' Infantry' • •' .
- - ' • : "Macarthi;b.* 1
¦T.leutenr.nt : Wftrrior was b." resident of
West Medford. Mass., and during the
Spanish war was a lieutenant in the Hg
rcal corps. -•- . . . ' . '-¦ ¦ .
'• WASHINGTON". Oct. 2. -The following
.cablegram has been received. at the War
r>f i partmfnt: ' ... •". v •
LIEIJTENANT WA&NEB, ; ; ' . .
' \\ V ~ KILLED: IN PANAT
(Continued From First Page.)
SG ANPAL IN THE OFFICE
rl OF COLLECTOR J. C LYNCH
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— President
McKinley will return to Washington' on
Thursday or Friday morning to confer
with his Cabinet relative to replies to be
made to the two new propositions sub
mitted by Germany and France, j Ger
many Is understood to have gracefully
withdrawn from the position she assumed
in the note addressed to the powers sev
eral weeks ago. In which she insisted that
the responsible authors of the outrages in
China should he surrendered to the- allies
as a condition precedent to negotiations.
This proposition was only favorably re
ceived by Italy and Austria, but was not
assented to by any one of the other pow
ers In the meantime the Imperial Gov
ernment of China issued a decree direct
ing the degradation of Prince Tuan , and
four other princes and the trial of Tuan
by the Imperial Clan Court. The first of
ficial information concerning thi= decree
was given to the powers by faheng, Direc
tor of Railways and Telegraphs at Shang-
Iii her new note to the powers Germany
abandons her position of Insisting upon
the surrender of the guilty to the allies
before negotiations can begin and has sug
gested that the time is ripe for the powers'
to consider these two propositions:
That the Ministers. representing the pow
ers In Peking designate the responsible
authors of the outrage, whose punishment
will be insisted upon. ¦
That the powers determine upon tne
character of punishment that shall be ex
tended to the guilty.
It is understood that the note was pre
sented to Secretary Hay through Baron
von Sternberg, who called at the State
Department this morning. I Baron von
Sternberg has been handling the German
case with much astuteness and delicacy
and he believes that a misunderstanding
exists on the part of the press of this
country as to the aims of Germany. He
insists that by the declaration of Baron
von Bulow more than three months ago
Germany as well as every other power is
pledged to the maintenance. of the territo
rial Integrity of China. It is believed in
official and diplomatic circles that as a
result of Germany's practical abandon
ment of her original proposition the con
cert of the powers will continue unim
paired unless some" other development
The French proposition- the administra
tion regards as a mixture of good and evil.
This Government readily assents to the
declaration that the instigators of the
outrages and leaders of the Boxers should
be punished, and It is In favor of Imme
diate negotiations, and would like a .set
tlement of all questions pending with
China as rapidly as possible. But there
Is ro reason to believe that this Govern
ment will assent to the suggestion that
the powers agree to prohibit the Importa
tion of munitions of war intothe- celestial
empire or that it will agree to establish
a permanent guard in Peking. . /
An official who discussed the < French
proposition to-day said that the United
States did not propose to enter into any
agreement to kill an industry which was
highly profitable and keep out of China
arms and ammunition which might he
needed for the purpose of suppressing an
insurrection. It was pointed out that
tha-powers themselves had practically
forced China to buy the extensive arsen
als with which she is now equipped, and
that the Chinese would be deprived of the
reward of their own thrift if the manu
facture of munitions, in which they have
shown decided ability, should be stopped.
With respect to the- maintenance -of a
permanent force In Peking it is -said by
officials that thl? Government proposes to
retain a force for Mr. Conger's protec
tion only so long as it seems necessary,
and that ¦ certainly .- nothing will be done
to- make Peking a permanent post for
American troops. • •-¦¦¦ : '
It is unlikely that the United. States will
care to resolve the Ministers In "Peking
into a star chamber body and indicate
persons whom they consider responsible
for the outrages, j At the same time the
Ministers are the only ones who are
capable of determining who are respon-'
slble, and this is:a strong point of the
German proposition.
P ASSED BETWEEN EMFEBORS.
Message From China and the Sharp
• . Keply of Germany.
-BERLIN, Oct. 2.— The following -Is the
text of the Ghinese Emperor's, message
to Emperor William of Germany:
OreetlnK— That your Majesty's Minister has
fallen a victim to the rising which suddenly
broke out In China, without our. officials being
able to- prevent It, whereby our friendly rela
tions were disturbed. Is deeply deplored and
regretted. By decree we order that sacrifice be
made on' an- altar for the deceased and Chief
Secretary Kun Yang has been Instructed to
pour libations on the altar. The commercial
superintendents of ; the northern and southern
ports have been ordered ' to take the needful
measures concerning the conveyance of the cof
fin of the deceased. -When it reaches Germany
a second offering shall be made on an altar.
Germany has always maintained the > friend
liest relations with ! China. . We : therefore en
tertain : the hone that your Majesty will re
nounce all resentment ¦ so. that peace may. ba
arranged ¦ as soon as possible and that unl-
Special ' Dispatch to The CalL
versal harmony be rendered possible for all
time. This Is our most anxious hope and our
most ardent -wish. ¦ - - . . -. ¦
Emperor "William replied September 30
a3 follows: ' . ' • - :.
To the Emperor of China: I. the Emperor
of Germany, have received the. telegram of
your Majesty, the Emueror-of China. I have
observed with satisfaction that- the Emperor
of China Is anxious to expiate, according to the
custom and precept of your religion, the shame
ful murder of niy Minister which set . at
naught all civilization, yet. as the German
Emperor and. a Christian, I cannot regard that
abominable crime as atoned lor by a libation.
Besides' mjr murdered Minister, there have gone
befcre ' the throne of God a large number of
our brethren of Christian faith-. Bishops and
missionaries, women and- children, xrho, for
the sake of their faith, which ¦ is also mine,
have" died the violent death of martyrs and are
accusers of your Majesty. Do. the libations
commanded by your Majesty suffice for all
these Innocent ones? .1 do -not- make' your
Majesty personally responsible for the outras"'
against the legations, which are held Inviolable
among all nations, . nor for the grievous wrongs
done so many nations- and faiths and to the
subjects of your Majesty of my Christian be
lief. But the Rdvlsere of your- Majesty's throne
and the officials on whose .heads rests', the
blood feuilt of a crime which fills all Christian
nations -with horror ¦ must expiate- their abom
inable deed. When your Majesty brings them
to the punishment .they have deserved, that
I will regard ns an- expiation which will sat
isfy the nations of Christendom. . . •
If your Majesty will use your- Imperial 7 power
for this purpose, acceptlng'to that end the sup
port of all the Injured nations, I, for m j part,
declare myself agreed oh that point. I should
also /rladJy welcome'- the return of. your'Ma
josty to Peking. For- this my general *\|eld
Marshal Ton Waldersee. will be Instructed not
only to serve your Majesty with the honors .due
your rank, but .he will afford your Majesty .the
military protection you may desire and which
you may need against th« rebels. .
I also lone for the peace, which, atotws : for
the guilt, which makes good the wrong done
and which offers to all foreigners. In China
security for life. and property, and, above all.
for the free service of their religion. • . .
• '¦'. . ' ' ; WILLIAM.
KILLED FORTY BOXERS.
Germans Have a Fight With; the Chi
,, nese Near Peking. = .
PEKING. Sept. 26, via Taku. Saturday.
Sept. 29, and Shanghai.. Oct. 2.— The Ger
man column, consisting of 1700 -men under
General von . Hodpfner, encountered a
small Boxer force south of the Imperial
deer 1 park yesterday and. killed forty of
the Chinese during a. fight which fol
lowed. The Chinese were put: to flight
and scattered. Four . Germans, were
wounded. ¦¦ : • " •
Chi Hsln, a-member of .the Tsune TA
Tamen. of notorious anti-for.efgn tenden
cies and a pati-on of the Boxers, has been
captured in the Imperial City by the Jap
anese. His fate has ;iot yet been deter
mined upon. . .• -. ; .*¦ '
WILL NOT PROCEED. TO PEKING
1A Hung Chang Decides to Begin Ne
gotiations at Tientsin.
TIENTSIN,' Sept. » (via Taku. Sept, »
and Shanghai. Oct. 2).— Li Hung Chang
has abandoned his decision to .proceed to
Peking and will. It ia " announced begin
negotiations wiht the Russian Minister to
rTvL7atVn e ts?n erS - UP ° n thft latter>S "'
xT?tw e ? a L Chaffe e has designated the
Ninth Infantry, the third squadron of thl
Sixth- Cavalry and Battery F to remain
, m ,£ nth to get the American troops- out
or China. ;'¦ •;_-. * • _¦-, * : -
vTo Prevent' Looting.\
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.—The War De
partment has published general orde-
No. 2. issued fay General Chaffee In China/
The order refers especially to the conduct
of. the soldiers and calls".attentionfto the
articles of war which bear especially
upon Chinese. The order was designed &
prevent looting, abuse of the Chinfse and
to enforce the same discipline in China
as Is maintained In the United States.
Bumors From China.
LONDON. Oct. 3. 3:30 *. m.-There was
no news from China to-day except a
Shanghai rumor that the allies have caD
tured Shanhaikwan and a report f™*
Canton that mission property had been
destroyed at Kunsmun, on th« We«
America Cannot Indorse All the Schemes of
Germany and France. , ; ;
NEW PROPOSITIONS ARE
MADE REGARDING CHINA
NEW. YORK, Oct. 2— Perry Belmont to
day was nominated for Congress by the
Democratic " convention of the' First Dis
trict, which embraces Queens, Suffolk and
Nassau counties. •
Belmont Nominated.
ATLANTA, Ga., Oct 2.— Sixty thou
sand majority Is .what the Democratic
party of Georgia expects to obtain at the
general : State election to-morrow. The
Populists, who have a ticket in the field,
do not expect' to elect it,- but in many of
the5 -doubtful- counties of the State they
claim they will name the local officers and
the members of the GeneralAssembly.
The Republican organization has no
State ticket to ¦ be voted upon. In some
districts 'Congressional candidates have
been named more for the preservation of
the party organization than for hope of
•election. ~
State Election.
Expect a Big Majority in the Georgia
DEMOCRATS ARE , CONFIDENT.
It was my good fortune to be In Congress a
short time— Just a little while, but I would not
take a treat deal for my experience there. In
all that time I did .not see one single farmer
asking for legislation, but I saw lots of fellows
who asked for legislation against the farmer.
In the hearing: before the Ways and 'Means
Committee I heard' It stated that only one
farmer appeared, and he lived near enough to
Washinston so he could walk down. But the
great corporations had their lobbyists there.
You attempt to get* a bill through to correct
unjust railroad rates ond you will find a lobby
thore. You attempt to reduce the tariff on any
jjiing and you will find a lobby there. You
talk to Republicans about the tariff and they
will admit that some rates are too high, but
whenever you attempt to lower the tariff on
a public thing you will find that the producers
of that thing are Just on the verge of bank
ruptcy and you cannot afford to take the tarlfX
from it and after you get all through you are
lucky if they don't raise it.
It Is the tendency to hurrah for anything
Republican that has made the farmer bear the
load that ought to have been borne by other
people. The Republican . party to-day is put
ting upon the great producing masses burdens
that they ought not to. bear and-: is relieving
organized wealth from burdens which It ought
to tear. // - .-. '. ¦ _.:'."¦' "rp-.
I think that a government that was good
enough for the forefathers Is good enough foi
us, and if that- means old fogy, I would rather
be an old fogy American than new fogy Amer
ican. I believe that we have drawn to our
selves the best " blood of nations. We have
brought to our shores those who have come
here to seek the liberty which they could not
find at home, and if we in this latter day
depart from the principles of the fathers; if we
repudiate the -principles' that have drawn these
people to our shores then we will be guilty of
deceiving them, and those who have come here
under the delusion that they were coming: to
a -republic wili have Just ' cause for an action
against the Republican party for breach of
promise if It converts , the republlo Into an
empire. >-^;
Speaking especially . to the farmers at
Rochester Mr. Bryan said:
Speaking at Rochester Mr. Bryan re
ferred at some length to the foreign-born
citizens, saying in part:
I was told this mornlns that you had here
a larce dairying interest ana that led me to
look up the" statistics on the dairy produce.
You have been told that under this adminis
tration there has been a wonderful Increase in
our expert business. I find from a Government
report that the exnort of butter has fallen off
in the last three years and the export of oleo
margarine has Increased during; the last three
vean« Let me give the figures. In 1896 we
exported 25,690,000 pounds of butter: In 1SS9 we
exported 20 247.000; in 1900 we exported 1S.2G2.000.
Fhcwlnc a falllne off of more than 7,000.000
pounds in the last three years, while oleomar
garine Increased ns follows: In 189?, 13,000.000
pound*; In 1S99. 14.000,000; In 1900. 15,000,000. Aivi
I find thf- total export of butter to the Philip
pines for the year ending June, 1900, was worth
J1&04 ?o I Huppose that this country produces
a good many times as much butter as this na
tion f xported to the Philippines, and if you
will flcure up your proportion of $100,000,000 a
vear raid for a Btandine army you will under
stand how much you i>ay to get a chance to
export ?19O4 worth of butter. When I was look
ing this question up It was suggested to me
that while the export of butter had fallen off,
the things the butter-maker needs have risen
in price. Tin plate was worth In- November.
18S6. $3 65, while this year It has gone as high
as J5 50. There is a tin plate trust, and you
use tin cans. The wooden tubs cost more, and
talt Is more expensive because there is a sail
trust.
LA CROSSE, Wis., Oct. 2.— When -Mr.
Bryan concluded his last speech here to
night* he had made eighteen addresses and
had covered about fifteen hours of time
during the day. Beginning at 8 o'clock in
the morning he talked at intervals. until
11 to-night, putting in all told fully six
solid hours of speechmaklnp. , The first
speech was made at Shakopee and after
that appearance he spoke in succession
at the following places: Jordan, Belle
plaine, Henderson, Leseuer, St. Peter,
Mankato-, Janesville, Waseca, Owatoona,
Dodge Center, Kasson. Rochester, St.
Charles, Winona and three speeches here
to-night. Most of the talks were com
paratively brief, not running over ten
minutes, but at St. Peter. Mankato,
Rochester. Winona and at this point hs
spoke at greater length. Almost all tha
meetings along the line were held In the
Immediate vicinity of the railroad stop
ping places, thus saving much of Mr.
Bryan's time and giving the people more
time to listen to his remarks. The region
traversed to-day is a rich agricultural
section and Mr. Bryan's remarks were ad
dressed especially to farmers, the trust
question receiving even a greater share
of attention than usual. The . audiences
were large as. a rule. There were espe
cially good crowds at Mankato, Owatoo
na Rochester and- Winona, and at thin
place there were three large apdlences.
He was met at the station here by a
large concourse of people but by no or
ganization. He was driven rapidly to the
rink, where he made his first speech here.
He then spoke at Germania Hall and the
opera-house. All three of these buildings
were fliled.
At Owatoona Mr. Bryan discussed the
dairy Interest, saying:
Talking.
Mr. Bryan Puts in Six Solid Hours of
EIGHTEEN SPEECHES IN A DAY
The resolutions indorse the Kansas City
platform as the expression of the ancient
doctrines of Democracy, a recurrence to
the fundamental principles proclaimed In
the Declaration of Independence and em
bodied .in the constitution. The con
struction and supreme control of the
Nicaraguan canal by the United States
Government was urged.
BOSTON, Oct. 2.— The Democratic State
Convention to-day nominated this ticket:
Governor. Robert Treat Payne Jr.; Lieu
tenant Governor. John B. O'Donnell; Sec
retary of State. General Luther B. Steven
son; Auditor. E. Gerry Brown; Treasurer,
John L. Chalifoux; Attorney General,
John C. Crosby. -
DEMOCRATS MEET AT BOSTON.
PLATTSMOUTH, Nebr., Oct. 2— Ihe
demonstration this evening in honor of
the advent of the Vice Presidential candi
date was full of noisy good nature and
vim. Everybody was out and the lighted
streets were filled. Fireworks and torches,
trumpets and drums, brass bands and
miscellaneous sounds made speaking dif
ficult, and the Governor made one or two
efforts to start and then waited for the
noise to subside. A thirty-minute speech,
the eleventh since morning, finished the
flow of oratory for the day.
Governor Roosevelt continued: "He puts
the question in good faith and I will try
to answer in good faith. .The trusts at
present have to be dealt with each State
by Itself. A denunciation of trusts is of
no value when not connected with action;
Democratic denunciation of trusts
amounts to nothing- when Mr. Jones,
chairman of the ¦ Democratic National
Committee, is at the, head of the cotton
bale trust, and when Mr. Croker, the
leader of the New York Democracy, has a
large ownership in another. These facts
convict them of Insincerity, and that is
all there is about It."
Governor Roosevelt— Shall I tell "you
about Chairman Jones* cotton bale trust
or Richard Croker's ice trust?
AVhile delivering his speech at Aurora
Governor Roosevelt was interrupted by a
seeker after truth, who cried:
"Whatabout the trusts?!'
Governor Roosevelt— What trust do you
mean? /
Inquirer— Oh. the Ice trust, beef trust,
oil trust and all of them.
pealed also to the young men who were
casting their votes for the first time or
second time to -cast them for the party
which has always been working for the
honor of the flag and for the greatness of
the nation.
There - was a large crowd at Grand
Island to meet the arrival of the special
this evening. The Governor left the train
and -spoke from' a stand a dozen blocks
away in the center of the city. He pre
faced his remarks by calling, attention to
the present prosperity 'of. all -classes and
asked his hearers to compare- conditions
now with the economic conditions of four
years ago. arid act accordingly. He ap-
¦ After the procession had passed In re
view,- Governor Roosevelt was conducted
to a speaker's stand, -where he addressed
as many asms strong voice could reach.
Fewer of those present heard his speech
than of those who did not hear it. He
needed a megaphone to . address all who
were there. .- He- spoke for three-quarters
on an hour, going over the same ground
in his. remarks that he has traveled over
before upon the issues of expansion,, mili
tarism, imperialism and patriotism. His
remarks were punctuated by frequent
cheers. At the conclusion of his speech,
on his way from the stand to his carriage,
he was fairly mobbe.dby a wildly eager
crowd who wished to shake his hand or
to get a .word or. look of recognition. He
reached his carriage somewhat battered
in appearance-,- but in fine spirits on ac
count of the extent and the fervldness of
the reception. The train pulled out for
Plattsmouth, where an evening meeting
was held. The. evening meeting at Platts
mouth was also a great success in point
of numbers and interest. This -meeting
closed the day's itinerary.
One of the amusing features was a
'double-headed calf, the skin stuffed with
the tail on the head, with this motto:
"The result of fusion— it died.".
¦ Another-: ''Eight more years of the full
dinner-pail; four for McKlnley and then
four fox Teddy."
A German c!ub. passed bearing aloft a
dinner-pail with bread and sausage.
The Lincoln Traveling Men, 300. strong,
bore this banner: "Vim, . Vigor and Vic
tor}'-" " - •
ners displayed were amusing and others
were significant. One marching column
bore this banner: • -
"Third Nebraska: Oh, Bill, why did you
leave us-?" - ¦ ' • ¦
The (Tnion Veterans' Republican League
of . some 150 members was carrying a"
horseshoe for luck. They had a banner
bearing this inscription: "We helped Ab
raham Lincoln in 1S60. We are' helping
McKlnley now."- • '.
Another banner read: "Four generations
for McKlnley -and Roosevelt, father, son,
grandson and great-grandson." ¦ .
. Another read: "For s«ile — One enlarged
front porch. ' W. J. B." . ' "
Continued From First Page.
PROSPERITY THE ONLY ISSUE.
ROOSEVELT INVADES BRYAN'S OWN TOWN OF LINCOLN— WHAT
MIGHT HAVE HAPPENED HAD THE DOUGHTY ROUGH RIDER
BEEN HALF AS BLOODTHIRSTY AS THE AVERAGE CARTOONIST.
Mr. Cockran will reach here to-morrow
morning. Mr. Stevenson and party -will
come in from Bloomington in the after
noon; the Duckworth Club will be. here
from Cincinnati, 600 strong, at 5 o'clock
to-morrow afternoon and the Chicago
delegation, headed by the Cook County
Marching Club, is also expected to-mor
row afternoon. . ,
The closing address on Thursday even
lngr will be delivered by Bourke Cockran
of New York.' "~ •
On Thursday morning the speakers will
be L. G. Stevenson of Illinois, Augustus
Thomas of New York, M. L. Lockwood of
Pennsylvania, president of the National
Anti-Trust League; P. W. Dowe of New
York, representing the Commercial Trav
elers; George McClellan of New York and
J. S. Laydenof Texas.
The speakers on • Thursday afternoon
will be William J. Bryan and Adlai E.
Stevenson. " , .
To-night the, programme of the conven
tion was arranged. The principal speaker
Wednesday will be W. R. Hearst, presi
dent of the association; Chairman James
K. Jones, Mayor Jones of Toledo; ex-
Congressman -James Hamilton Lewis of
Washington, and Benton McMillin, Gov
ernor of .Tennessee. . .
* On Wednesday evening there will be
a parade of. Democratic clubs, after which
J. It. Sovereign, ex-general -master of the
Knights of Labor; Captain Patrick O'Far
rell of Washington, D. C, and Sigmund
Zeisler of Chicago will speak at- Tomlin
son Hall..
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 2.— From 500 to
1000 visitors have arrived for the National
Convention of Democratic Clubs which
will open to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock
In Tomlinson Hall..
— • /¦
Programme as Arranged Includes
Addresses by Bryan and Stevenson
and Other Prominent Mem-
bers of the Party.
Less Than One Thousand
Arrive to Attend National
Convention.
DEMOCRATS ARE
GATHERING AT
INDIANAPOLIS
'. :-XEfr YO1?K,-Oct- 2-^rThe Sun says::Mr.
H. e: Huptingion said to-day that lie had
.Instituted .no -search jiere. or in Sacra
merijtOvfs reportp4, for record of the legal
.adoption of Princess Hatzfeldt by the late
:Cq111p P. "Huntington. . . • ' ¦
'"I- ?ra quite- certain." he added, ."that
¦ the either heirs have not Instituted any
puch search either. There could be noth
ing to gain in makiriff such Inquiry, for
the ;beque*t of J1/A0.OV* to Princess Hatz
fieldt -would- remain' perfectly valid even if
no record couM be found. The bequest
was.ajj' absolutely specific one.". . ;.;¦-:;.
Isaac. E. Gate?, brother-in-law .of the"
laif Mr. Huntinrrton and one of the ex
ecutors of the --will, said it was not known
whether any record of adoption was: ever
made: The Princess was taken Into the
family by Mr. HuntJrieWn's first wife and
xi-as regarded as an adopted child. Bv the
terms of 1 he will the Princess gets $1.000.
flrtO. In tru?t. the remainder to co to her
issue., or failing In issue the principal: to
be of as she directs. ¦
HTTNTLNatON'S STATEMENT.
law's child and as soon as its father died
was anxious that . her mother should
consent to her adoption. Mrs. Clara F.
Prentice states thHt she has no idea what
has beoftme of the papers . she signed,
transferring the control of the child to
Jhe Hunting-tons. Recently a man came
to this city and made an exhaustive
search of the records in the Courthouse, in
this city for any and all documents bear
ing- on the matter, but without success. In
pa<=t i-ears there were. many instances of
children being adopted on orders signed
by jrdg<»s in chambers, and as a rule
in such cases.'the Judce would hand them
to th* 5 narties thempelvess. .- ¦ . ¦
The Prineess..-.Hat.zf;eldt. Is a native of
California . anrl. was ..born In ¦ a two-storv
and basempnt •'•" brick hovse at- 330. M
«=trpet ; in tkis-city. -Mrs. Prentice has a
fIrWt, . Mrs. . jlareilri. resJdins on Van
TCgss. ..avenge' In .Satj ' Francisco. .
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.-A eneclal to the
Evening Journal from Sacramento says:
VT1U Princess Hatzfeldt. a:dopted daugh
ter of the late CoIUs P. 'Huntlnpton, lose
the millions left to her in. her foster
father's: will? The question has been
raised by the discovery .that alt record
of her adoption has 'apparently been lost.
Search for this record has been made In
the Recorder's office at Sacramento. Cal.,
but no trace can be found of the papers;
It Is. understood that a search- in. New
1'brtc among Mr. Huntington's papers was
equally fruitless. H. E. Huntington, an
other of the heirs, is said to be having
the search made. The provision for
Princess Hatzleldt In Mr. lluntington's
will is specilic and whether the loss .of
the papers of adoption win affect her
claim or not is not known here.
SACRAMENTO.- Oct. 2.— According to.
the statement of Mrs. Clara F. Prentice,
uho lives at 3401 L, street in this. city,
her daughter, the Princess Hatzfeldt, was
adopted in this city by C. P. Huntington
and his wife when the Princess was one
and a half years of age. At the time of
the adoption Huntington's wife was the
sister of Mrs. Prentice. After the death
of Mrs. Prentice's sister Huntington re
married. MrW Prentice says that she
remembers that her daughter was
adopted either in 1S63 or 1SG4. about the
time Huntineton went to Washington to
raise money with which to build the Cen
tral Tactile Railroad. Huntington and
his wife wanted to change Mrs. Pren
tice's child's first name, which was Clara,
but the mother -would not give her con
peat, but was willing that the child's
second name should be changed from
Ix>ul?a to Elizabeth. Mrs. Prentice says
that she remembors very distinctly having
f igned the adoption papers. The Hunt*
inctons Were always endeavoring to nnd
a child that would suit them, but in many
Instances were not satined with the so
cial status of the parent or parents. Hunt>-
Ing-ton was much devoted to his pister-in*
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call!
Diligent Search Has . Been Made in
County Records and Among Pri
.. : vat© Papers, but So Fax [¦: ,; •
.'.•'¦'¦•¦•¦'.•. Has Been Fruitless.
SHE MAY LOSE
A FORTUNE LEFT
BY HUNTINGTON
Recordof Princess Hatzfeldt's
: Adoptiott Cannot Be
: : -: Found. : .
THE SAN .'-TBAlSrcISCOl CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3,. 1900.
And works off . the cold. Laxative . Bromo-Qul
r.ine Tablet! -cure a cold In on a day.- No cure.
no cay. Price 23 cents. . •
Stops the Cough
Safe in Apostolic Palace Bobbed and
Suspicion Falls on Inmates of
the Place.
ROME, Oct. 2.— Three hundred'and nfty
seven thousand francs were stolen from
the safe In the Apostolic Palace of the
Vatican to-day. Inmates of the place are
suspected of having taken the money.
LABQE SUM OP MONEY
STOLEN FHOM VATICAN
Jhe &ay*s. &ead
2
AMERICAN STOVE GO.V
1037 MARKET ST., S. F.
M OPEN- SATURDAY, OCT. 6,
:; FOR OUR CPENIN8 WEEK I
No. 7 RANOE, usual price 50
W-our opening .week D |O Cft
Special ;¦ . '.. ¦: . , . . . .;; . . . 0 1 Z 1 0 U
2-BU^NERGAS StGVE; with
tubing.— —our opening CM^Qn
week special .\ . , . . . . . Oil wU
BEST $6 OIL HEATER in town—
.our opening ' week 0yj "7C
special . . . : . 4 . . . :':;, , . Ot« I 3
AMERICAN STOVE CO.,
1037 MARKET STREET.
ItTonv ARaertlons as to Jut Vksi
_..:_¦¦ : ' the Remedle* WUl D^
¦ ' ' ¦'. Maoyon fnar«nte»«
. ¦ (Jgmij^«^' &r« wUl cur» n«*tij
#^3BBBEaS?tti. *^ caa«a of rheum*-
. 9gEr^^^^^¥nBttf tiita In » tew hour.;
¦'•• '&Sr ¦ ¦¦;-¦" tS» tbMt hls i>y»pep9U ¦ car*
-ML-- . -." *|^a wiU cnr« lmJljeitJoa ind
43 jmi_J^3ef lir «tomtch troubles:
¦ W '. &i?W Wjjflr that his Kidney Cur*
. \f: :•- ."V- .Wfjmf . will : enr« »O per cnu.:
\* ' V^MB ' •* * a ca«e» »f kidner
\ C—££sfi trouble!; that hf» Cs-
' : ' Ab» "KftF ttrrh Car# will «ur»
ii/^sx _' HfTk.'-'- eaUrrh no matter how
mHUjB^^—WSSeF**.- Iol> ' (tandias; that Bis
' Haadach* Oir» will ear*
¦ T\l *. I . Ifif : «ny kind et haadaeh* In
• : •' \. : 1- -.rT. ¦'¦•. faw ralaatw; tttt
: ¦• '•'¦*.' ¦•'•-¦ hit • Cold Cto» '-. will
¦ .v- • ¦ : V quickly breu m any
hmet eold aad ao ea throoxb tha *artr« 11 »t of
icateOles. ' At.iU -dmntiata. S3 cents a rtaL
- 11 ym need medical, adrlca writ* Prof. Maayon.
IMS Arch- it.-- Ph'-la. It U tbwlntely fire*. . .
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Weak Men and Women
SHOTJLJ> USE DAMIANA BITTERS.- THE
great - Mexican remedy; rrvea health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323MarksU
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and strong
men and women stronger. Rooms 5 and 6. 47
Post st. , - San- franclaco, Cal. - --.'••;•
ti@u*\ 7VVEIN
XStf^&d LOST VIGOR
Si^ WT\ RESTORED I
mW^lk DR. COOPER & CO.,
ijHa^ *^E£0§ 318 * tx ™7 8tr»«t,
%&^fa£ffjJ,M&7 San Franci3co. C»l.
'¦¦¦'.'¦ At you r Groce r 's .
A Pure Sterilized Cocoa-
nut Fat—Never gets rapcid
— Twiice the: '.¦¦ shortening
power of iard. : v . ; . .
For Shortening and
; ¦¦:. _>' ; v;-:;:Fry1nK.^v'.:=r'.-'.\
i Superseding Butter, Lard
and Gempounds. : .; - ;. :
¦ India Refining Co.,
• •'./¦; ¦:": Philadelphia. : ;
visit OR- JORDAN'S omtAxi
HUSEUH OF ANATOMY)
£1 . 18St)USXRST.bitedl7th.SJ.eat : i
qt 'TbeLarcestAoatealealMaacnmiatb* \
Wottd. Vre»Jta«w» or any contneted 4
aggarfB discue p««l»»lT ear^ by the oldMt T
fSal SpeaaibtoatbcCoit. Ett-jtymn. •
A Jml 08. JORDAJf-WlYATE DISEASES^
\ »^SRl Coemlutioo frw» and tertctlT prtrtta. \
A I iSwf (I Tnwment p«nonally or by l«t«r. A. M
V fl w PI H PfJbtt* CWra la every cue undertakes. T
ilj 11 &' Wnte for Book. r*ll.Olur n\ mt A
W ' I ' ' I . SiinaiAGE, MAiua rusa. Ur
\ .^J (} " TtiutSIa book foi mra) -. \
9 OB. iUBD.45 A CO.. 1011 Market 8t, 8. V. ¥
fauSMtojmM^l m^^.- the splendid attendance yesterday . .^^^^•*)/^>\
\jr^^lrk J JM »^ ' • augmented the success of Monday and ' -¦¦ ¦'¦'Jn^J.f^^tr
l^L-Vr \:1 JM W& "^^^fiX f^k. <&^1& made one pleasing fact clear— that. /4|>mw'|
r^Kr/H!&i\i uj US IBbH-** m m • -contrary to an old impression recard- £ J^\ :r **\
}St0>W^^r /^L IB j Ift. . fl ¦ ing San: Francisco, retail merchandis- --¦''• T A. 'M>>'\[*^/
JyUM tki&vlr \ • -HL^-'^BF JBL JBl ingcan.be done Successfully above the \\ Jtr^^m'^
Trtfl % ¦)! fttf/ ' m^ ¦ ¦¦ '''¦ ••'• " : - rst floor, this was 'fully attested bv fJ^fJw^jfC
if rtNwi /. - "^^' ". ¦.'¦•" the happy and . admiring thousands l/mL\\\*W£.*\
• who throngred every section of the iereat store. .' ' . : - f '"'¦¦ ¦ :¦' : '¦ pjjjtf- if '8^^1
wilfAft^uC • the splendid stock of linens lndicateshow busy have been tha spinning wheels of t^/'(\(ffc»//» M- :
Jn/i^r^4 Ireland and Germany In making "Hale'3 good goods," while prices show how very M.-'* J \¥
ft'"»*S\ j Q large direct. Importers' we rnust be. ¦ -. . .-' -'- : ¦: '¦:.. .... . -" ¦.:..'•> •-.'. : ' : V*^//i^ / A».M
l^vi in table damasic" ' " .V : . - " .'¦¦¦ "'.:¦ , -: '.¦ v " '¦ ¦'. ] : ¦'¦ -/¦•' w^K? ; - :
i/^r / a -• ' n.ne lot of 20 pieces is of extra, heavy quality^ unbleached. 64 Inches wide and of v^d'/'Jr/ %.
¦ Mr I n the 60c quality; in the new' store the price Is per yard..... .*,-. .../.,.. ;„;. ....... ..SOc X&x/m /l
i /* ' another lot'consists of 10. pieces-soft -finished -silver bleached damask of German !%&/& I \
/ /I manufacture, which yon will agree w|t,h us is a striking value at. ¦ pp.r yard..... .JjOe '""'¦¦ -L^StS <JJ '
/ [¦ / ' thon thfre is'our. 72-lnch bleached table damask in a fine $1 01 quality r which we : '$&sW \SSSf \
¦-..'. '¦-¦/ w*Lf ¦ ¦ place on -sale at, per.'yaTd.i//.'ii.itVi».^iV«*^«--»-V?'"'-'i-««--"^^~.^^ IF-
(if \ft$ ' ¦ na PH' ns to match above mentioned damask are 23 Inches square and Cost.: per -Jp? : 'fl^ V ;
r- \bwf ¦-¦¦•-¦' • we'lopklupon a lot'Of 75 dozen. 17x33:.tn"cti flne : weave :hemmed ends . colored .bor- •:-.-,"¦' '¦-¦¦'- '^U(t /¦=:'''¦¦ t:
' ders.huck towels as fully worth K*4c. each;- the. price, however; at.', which' "w«; : have' ,; ¦ '¦¦'ftlHVV'i--
¦ Xll'^l 1 ' and now we qome to another lot; and we.are conffdent if.you'examlne the goods / Ivrt r\
I nnf 1^ you will buy, for the superior value Isiqiitte evident; It Is 50 dozen damask towels. I / \4/ I )\
I )h)^' 20x44 inche^ ! ALIj li NEN, MINI) TOJCJ. and ,w:l^h: the knotted fringe, colored l>or- '.--. •¦¦-: I I \L O< )
\ I If I .the general beauty of the- department, appeals -to one' eyeh' before ,th« style- arwl ' -.-- \VV\ ¦ 1:\ \ I :¦ '' ¦
A I ¦ \( 1/ elegance of the millinery become apparent, there are to-day.t>n display over .400 . '^/V l 4^r ' r •
\1 1 ' ¦ I//' • -beautiful' trimmed hats, including a large numbier of fine: French pattern ones. .: ; - '• icflTutf' I//
¦)\\ \ Mr; ' the "made to order department", is to be an important jfsctor. of the new store. It ... - vffltAl,'* 1 [W
' v3&r^h /»/- ' is d^sivnedsto furnish the highest class Of-man*taHored garments at prices that tha J^flffl U, U lir^f
\^^^foj555>^' "- well posted.' cannot but regard as most, reasonable.: . ..'¦¦¦-¦.' -v •¦'-. !.=-['.. '^ '¦¦¦:'¦¦ '¦'¦'.'.¦'¦''-¦¦ . C' '*sv'fv\ v^
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.BERKELEY. Oct. 3.— The large buiiaing
on KUtrldge street, near Fulton, known as'
the German Clubhouse and occupied by
eleven students of German extraction,
was destroyed by flre at 12:30 o'clock this
morning. The students, who were asleep
tt the time, escaped, but their effects were
11 burned. -•
That none of the occupants of the struc
ture lost their lives Is probably due to- the
action of Postmaster O. C. Vincent of
Berkeley, who aroused them In time to
permit their escape. Mr. .Vincent was
awakened ¦ by the unusual glare and saw
flames bursting from the roof of the club
house. He ran to it, and by kicking vio
lently on the door aroused some of the
young men, who In turn aroused the
others.
The building was owned by S. C. Dun
ning of San Francisco. It was vcJued at
$7000. The value of the furniture was $3000
Nothing was, saved, the occupants having
barely more than enough time to escape
with, their lives. ...... ...
The Board of Police Commissioners
held a meeting last night at the Hall of
Justice and disposed of the usual number
o: C-.£P plIc 'T t! ? n3 T for ~etall liquor licenses:
Officer Luke H. Harrison was flried *2 r i
for allowing a prisoner who was In Ills
charge at the City and County Hospital
1° % SC £%?; Pollc « ma n Bart Wren was
fined $100 for neglect of duty. A similar
fine was Imposed on Policeman John Mc-
JLaughlin for reporting for duty In an In
toxicated condition. For reporting late
for duty the Commissioners fined Pollde
man A. C. Hostetter $20.
Police Commissioners Meet.
The best maple syrup comes from the
r.orth side of the tree, but the' flow Is nol
bo large hs when the tree 16 tapped on the
scHith side. • • ¦ • -.•*::"
"My view of the situation can b«»st be
expressed in .the propositions that Mr.
Bryan represents European and not
American democracy, and that the worst
forms of Imperialism and of protection
are embodied in the socialistic theories
that have taken possession of the Demo
cratic organization."
"I will freak." Mr. Highton said, "from
the standpoint of Joffeieonlan Democracy.
My fundamental political opinions remain
precisely what thr;y have been durlnc my
flftv-one years of residence in this State.
In 1*96 I declined to advocate the Chicago
platform with its Popullstic annex, but I
didn't vote for McKlnley.* This yeai I find
It Inconsistent with my views of the his
tory and destiny of the Democratic party
to Indorse the platform adopted at Kan
sas City, which has reasserted' what I be
lieve to be the heresies of 1S96.
Mr. Highton. declined yesterday, to state
at any' length his reasons for 1 advocating
the election of McKlnley. saying tha.t he
would forbear such statement until his
public address.
Colonel George Stone, chairman of the
State Central Committee, heard lately
that Mr.. Highton had said to friends that
he ri»>t only could not support Bryan, but
also thai he believed the best Interests of
the countmy would be served by the re
election <W President McKlnley. Colonel
Stone went to the attorney and the latter
consented to state his reasons for his po
sition in a public address.
Henry E. Highton. the well-known at
torney and life-long Democrat, has de
clared for McKinley and has accepted an
invitation from the Republican State Cen
tral Committee to deliver an address at
Metropolitan Temple Tuesday night, Octo
ber 16. He will probably deliver a few
other addresses during the campaign.
Metropolitan Temple October 16.
Henry E. Highton Will Speak at
WILL SUPPORT McKLNLEY.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PARIS. Oct. 2.— Ferdinand Peck. Com
missioner General, was questioned yester
day, regarding the expenses of the United
States Commission to the exposition. He
said the statement was misleading. There
had been: no extravagance. The salaries
pakl were. low, and when the shortness of
service, ability required and cost of living
in Paris were considered economy. in every
direction had been conscientiously, studied.
If there was no political campaign' there
would. be no such publication,- which was
a repetition of what was printed and fully
answered last July.
¦'.' "¦:¦ ¦..-.-' :-- r«
Wage Question Settled.
YORK. Oct. 2.— The conference
between] the officers of the American "Tin
Plate ¦ Company and the delegates? repre
senting > the Tin Workers'. Association of
America was continued to-day. The wage
question" was settled, 'though .- on "what
basis .was not officially "announced. 'but it
is reported that . the : employes had. been
granted an advance of 10 per. cent.
Says They Never Would Have Been
Made Were It Not for the
" Political Campaign. V .
¦ In that -connection permit me to say to your
honorable body that we feel that the organiza
tion of our corporation and Its achievement of
the' Intended result will be very much facili
tated by the granting by you of Pioneer square
In your city for use by our corporation as
station grounds. In accordance with, the peti
tion heretofore presented to your honorable
body by Mr. Gibbon.
In a speech at the Alta Club banquet
to-night. Senator Clark said:
From the date of my first \Hsit to this city,
I have always been impressed with the com
manding position it occupies as a distributing
center, and predicted for it a brilliant future.
After touching upon his earlier experi
ences in this part of. the West, Senator
Clark took up the subject of a -railroad
between this city and Los Angeles and
spoke at'length of the advantage of such
an enterprise. He closed his speech as
follows:
A 6tudy of all these and other considerations
Induced me to purchase a large Interest In the
Los Angeles Terminal,' with a view of extend
ing it to this city. If all the conditions s.vm
to warrant it, and with the cordial co-opera
tlon of the good people of these two cities,
whom we hope to bring into close business and
friendly I relations, we feel confident that the
enterprise will. In due time, bef pushed to a
successful and - satisfactory determination.
PECK DENIES THE ;
CHARGES OF EXTRAVAGANCE
Millionaire Clark Urges Granting of
a Terminal for the Los An
g,eles Railway.-
SALT LAKE, Oct. 2.— W. A. Clark of
Montana arrived here from the East this
morning and spent part of the day In con
ference with the promoters of 'the pro
posed railway between this city and Los
Angeles. He was entertained at a ban
quet at the Alta Club this evening and
will leave, for Butte at 10:50 to-night. Be
fore leaving -Mr. Clark addressed 'the fol
lowing letter to the Mayor and City Coun
cil:
Gentlemen— As has heretofore been stated to
you, mysejr and associates are engaged "!n an
enterprise, having: for Us ultimate result the
establishment of a line of railway between the
city of Los Angeles, Cal., and Salt Lake City,
Utah. . . . •
ASKS FOR SITE FOR
' DEPOT AT SALT LAKE
: More Reasonable Working » _'¦
'¦¦\.: ¦¦' . Hours. '. . : '¦ | • V •
; Th>r«» was a rousing meeting; of. the San
'Fra-rj.oisco'. journeymen barbers at 102
O-F?irv<>ll Ftr«/»t last night. Though the
srtriefy.' has only been . in' existence five
months Its roll ehow? more than 500 mem
l c rs. At the meeting last night thlrty-
ITve new members added their names to
the. list. The society will" advocate, first
of aJl. shorter working hours. - - •
T-ourteen- hours'. now""oonstitute- a day's
Inbnr. An attempt will be made to 'cut oft
nt ¦ if :ist two hours. A movement will be
made. to have £ll shops Hose. Jit S o'clock
in the '-^venlnu except on Saturday, when
fh> timf 'will be exteno'-<1 to; 11 o'clock.
and on Sundays and holidays,- when it Is
¦dfsired to close at noon. . :
SloveJnent Will Bs. Made to Secure
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS
i : '.~ GATHER FOR BUSINESS
After Usual Addresses of Welcome
Annual Reports and Other . .
Papers Are Read.
RICHMOND. Va.. Oct.' 2.— The American
Bankers' Association * convened in annual
session here to-day. On the stage durfng
the c opening session were President
Walker-Hill of St. Louis.. Secretary James
R. Branch of New York. Ellis Roberts'
treasurer of the United States: Governor
J. Hoge Taylor, Mayor R. M.: Taylor and
others. Mayor 1 Taylor delivered a" short
address of we.leome on behalf of the city.
President .Walker Hill" of the association
responded on -'behalf of the association and
Governor Taylor delivered an address of
welcome on behalf of the State.
The annual reports of the secretary and
treasurer were then/read, and just. before
the hour of. adjournment reports on "Edu
cation." "Uniform Laws'' and- "Fidelity
Insurance" weresalso read. : ' ¦ ' •
An. Iowa Bank Robbed.
DUBUQUE, Iowa, Oct. 2.— Three burg
lars entered the bank' at ' . Elkport.
Northern Iowa, to-day," and blew " open
the safe, securing $1000 in -cash- and valu
able papers. When pursued they- fired a
dozen .shots at citizens and. escaped. A
posse- and the Sheriff started in pursuit.
Maniac Murders His Wife.
.PITTSBURG, Oct. 2.^WhIle temporarily
Insane to-day Ferdinand Brobst. a glass
worker, killed his-' wife, with 'a shotgun
and then blew off his own head at his
home in Carnegie. Pa. Brobst was dis
charged from the Insane asylum last win
ter as cured. ' . • ',-'•¦
BANKERS' ASSOCIATION
MEETS IN RICHMOND
steamship .Eagle Point, Captain Hewison,
from Lewlstdn for Philadelphia, which
passed in the Delaware breakwater to-"
day, reports that at" 1 o'clock \ yesterday
morning she. collided with the British
steamer Bella, from New York September
30. for ¦Jlanchester. England, and that the
latter vessel sank. The captain of the»
Eagle Point 'reports- that, all hands were
taken off the Bella before she sank and
•will be brdught here.
The bow oft*he Eagle Point Is stove In.
The Bella was a steel steamer built at.
Hebburn in 1570 and registered 21S2 : tons
gross -and J374' tons" net. r She belonged to
the Lamport &' Holt line and hailed from
Liverpool. Her New. York agents were
Burk & Johns.
The collision occurred in; a dense fosr off
Nantucket shoal. The Eagle Point struck
the Bella, amidships and the latter sunk
in twenty minutes.
Accident Occurs. in a. Dense Fog Off
Nantucket, but All Hands :
. Are Saved.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 2.— The British
STEAMER BEILA. RUN
• . DOWN BY THE EAGLE POINT
. . SHAMOKIN, * Pa.. Oct. 2.— The mine
operators ot : Mid -Valley "and * Natalie ¦' ex
pected a sufficient number of men and
and Natalie.
Men Fail to Return at Mid Valley
OPERATORS ARE DISAPPOINTED
READING, Pa.. Oct. 2.— With the grad
ualclosing of the collieries in the western
end of the Schuylklll country coal_ ship
ments on the | Reading Railway- are "ex
pected to cease unless the company draws
on Its storage yard. at Schuylklllhaven,
where there Is a small quantity of^coal.
To-day hardly one hundred cars had been
produced. It Is now. expected that all the
mines will be tied up In a few days and
that the ¦ hard coal trade will then stop
altogether. ; - •
in a Few Days.
Hard Coal Trade May Stop Entirely
HAZLETON, Pa., Oct. 2.— Reports re
ceived here this morning indicate that the
10 per cent increase' in wages offered by
some of the coal companies to the. mine
workers In this region had no apparent ef
fect in bringing the striking miners back
to work. The mine workers as a rule de
clare they ¦will not make a move toward
resumption of work until ordered to do so
by a mine workers' convention. ¦ ,
Half a dozen, houses In different parts of
the city occupied by non-striking mine
workers were stoned during the night by
unknown persons.
DECREASE IN SHIPMENTS
Effect at Hazleton.
Additional Ten Per Cent Has Little
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Vice President
Sayrc of the Lehigh Valley Railroad Com
pany said to-day regarding the strikers'
refusal to accept the 10 per cent increase
in wages offered them by some com
panies:. >, '"'
"I cannot tell what our next step will
be in case the striking miners definitely
and absolutely reject our concessions. It
is a contingency which we have not had
occasion to discuss much as yet. This
much Is certain, however, the companies
will wait some little time before taking
any further steps and will . give their
former employes 'time to thoroughly un
derstand the situation."
VERY FEW MEN RETURN.
Proffered Increase.
Vice President Sayre Speaks of the
WILL GRANT • TIME.
Strike leaders say the proposals of the
companies do not come up to the demands
of the strikers by any means. The indi
vidual operators have sent a committee to
New York to seek 1 a reduction In freight
charges, as they say that otherwise they
cannot meet the wage advance.
_ SCR ANTON, Pa., Oct. 2.— The Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western Company to
day posted notices that the wages of Its
employes would.be advanced 10-per cent
from October 1 and that we price of pow
der would be reduced to $1 oj}.
Similar notices were posted to-day by
the Hillsdale Coal and Iron Company and
the Temple Iron and Coal Company.
General Superintendent -Rose of the Del
aware and Hudson Company said his com
pany would undoubtedly issue the same
notice. It has not done so yet.
Wages Offered.
Price of Powder" Reduced and Better
General Gobin said to-day he expected
to send the majority of his troops home
thlr, week. He may keen a small detach
ment here to protect the pump runners
and other men who are kept at work so
that the collieries may be ready for oper
ation when the strike Is over.
NOTICE OF ADVANCE POSTED.
Organizer George .'Harris addressed
meetings of EngHsh speaking mine work
ers last night In this borough and at-Wil
liam Penn. Mr. Harris asserts that the
Shenandoah union of English speaking
employes now number? over GO) members
and that the William Penn union has 160
members.
"We have ten collieries employing 5000
men." said Mr. Zehner, "and they are all
working with full forces." . •
SHENANDOAH. Oct. -2.— Superintendent
Zehner of the Lehlgh Coal and Navigation
Company's collieries at Lansford to-day
said that no trouble was anticipated in
the Panther Creek Valley.
Pump-Runners.
Small Force Will Be Kept to Protect
Fo break has yet occurred in the ranks.
Increase of ten per cent in wages were
-day of an intent on the par.t of the s
i tors give recognition to their national
part of the labor leadersis concerned, was
a disappointment.
TROOPS TO BE WITHDRAWN.
Men Are Deserting Lincoln and Good
Spring Collieries.
POTTSVILLE. Pa.. Oct. 2.— One of the
slopes of the Westbrooke colliery near
Tower City was shut down entirely by
the strikers to-day and the rest of the
operation is running short-handed. This
is the first producer and probably the
most profitable operation of the. Reading
and it will probably soon be closed en
tirely. The Lincoln and Good Springs col
lieries started as usual to-day, but the
workers in these are- rapidly joining the
strikers..
All the collieries in this region except
those named are shut down. - . ¦"
JQIN BANKS OF STBIKERS.
of the striking mine-workers, though.
9 posted throughout the region. In .
trikers to. insist on other concessions
1 organization. . •
boys to go to work this morning to en
able 'them to ship at least half the or
dinary daily tonnage to market, but- there
were less than 400 at both the mines.
Over 2200 employes were on the pay roli
before the strike. ¦ -
None of the collieries in this place were
started up this morning. The North
Franklin, at Trevorton. Is still in opera
tion. The deputies have been Instructed
to prevent strikers from canvassing the
men going 1 to and returning: from work.
"We wane our dinner-pails filled with
substantial food, not coal barons' taffy."
"We are fighting a cause that Is just
"Stand by President Mitchell and the
union."
¦•Our union must be recognized.
"We will no longer be slaves."
"Two thousand two hundred and forty
pounds for a ton."
"We want two weeks* pay."
The breaker-boys carried banners which
read:
"We need schooling, but must work.
"Save us from. the whims of the Sheriff
and deputies."
"Down with oppression. We will stand
by Mitchell."
The parade passed over the principal
streets of the c!ty and thousands of peo
ple lined the sidewalks. Here and there
an enthusiastic admirer of President
Mitchell would break through the lines
and insist on shaking hands with him.
The men from Pittston had a float with
four men representing "coal barons." They
were drinking what purported to be cham
pagne. Directly opposite was a float with
miners dining on bread and water. A
stretcher was carried containing a dum
my representing a miner who had Just lost
his life in a mine.
President Mitchell reviewed the great
army of marchers on the river common.
He was generously applauded by the
marchers. Business was at a standstill
In the city all the afternoon. The super
intendents of the coal companies and their
clerks viewed the parade from their of
fice buildings. One coal man said it was
a very creditable demonstration. .
It was after A o'clock when the last of
the marchers swept past President Mitch
ell ' Then he and his colleagues were
driven to West Side Park, .where the big
mass-meeting was held. For several hours
a crowd had been gathering there, and it
was estimated that nearly 20.000 people
were massed in front of the stand when
the labor president began his speech. The
reception he got from the vast crowd was
most enthusiastic. ' ¦
In opening his speech Mr. Mitchell as
sured the strikers that In their fight they
command the respect of the clergymen,
that they have the sympathy of the public
and that the press of the country has said
In one voice tnat their cause is a righteous
one. ¦ -
"The greatest strike In. the history of
the world." he said. "Is drawing to a
close. Already the great coal carrying
railroads have agreed to , Increase your
wages 10 per cent, which Is a great victory
in Itself. True, it Is not enough, 'It does
not satisfy us; but the time Is not far dis
tant when the sinthraclte coal' miners will
receive as much for their labor as any
other class of in the world." ;
"Continuing he urged the miners not to
place absolute talth In their. president or
any other one man, but to put their faith
in their organization. Standing together,
he declared, they would win their battle,
and he predicted that they would > stand
firm and .the victory would be achieved..
The national president was followed by
Fred Dllcher of Ohio, Benjamin James of
Pennsylvania, . both " members i of the ; ex
ecutive board, and "Mother". Mary. Jones.
After the meeting President Mitchell was
driven through cheering crowds to < his
hotel', where he will remain until 8 o'clock
to-morrow morning. • - - - ¦
President Mitchell's address, as far as
outlining any; future movement on ¦ ; the
Many banners and transparencies were
carried by she men. Among the most
noticeable were these:
The parade, headed by President Mitch
ell and the officers of the national execu
tive board, started a little after 2 o'clock
and It required an hour and twenty min
utes to pass a given point. It is estimate!!
that' there were fullv 16.000 men and
breaker-boys In .line. "The great majority
of the paraders were stalwart men. As
a rule they were well, dressed and some
of them from their appearance might be
taken forjarmers. They did not march
with precision, but were a dense mass of
humanity.
They walked six, five and four abreast.
The music was furnished by about forty
brass bands and drum corps.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 2.— K
additional notices of the offer of an :
fact, there were many indications to
and also remain out until the operc
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Oct. 2.— j
The parade and mass-meeting of
the striking miners In this city
to-day was the greatest labor
demonstration ever held iu
Northeastern Pennsylvania. Early In the
morning the steam and electric, roads be
gan hauling the people Into the city and
many thousands came by foot from near
by towns. The buildings along the route
of parade were decorated with flags and
bunting and the city presented a holiday
appearance.
President Mitchell and party arrived
from Hazleton shortly after 1 o'clock and
were met at the station by a large and
enthusiastic" crowd. The visitors were
given a cheer and were then driven to
their hotel.
NORTH CANAL STREET, WILKESBARRE, PA., "WHERE THE STRIKING ANTHRACITE COAL MINERS PA
. RADED YESTERDAY. THE ROW OF MINERS 1 HOUSES SHOWN IS CALLED KOSEK'S ROW, AFTER
THEIR BUILDER, JOSEPH KOSEK, KNOWN AS THE "POLISH KING." '
TVICHITA. Kans. Oct; 2.— Guy Rlggs.
six years old. shot his sister; 16 years? old;
with a target gun because- she wourd not
pive up $2 of his money which she held.
The girl was taken to the hospital dan.,
gerously wounded. ' '. . ¦ ¦
Boy Shoots His Sister.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Oct.; 2.^-Governor
Hughes has granted the Haldeman broth
ers, under sentence of death : at Tomb
stone, a reprieve until November 16. Their
sentence was originally set for August 10
and the murderers had been previousl
granted a respite by the President to next
Friday. The Governor gave. the argu
ments advanced in favor of a commuta
tion of sentence careful hearing last .ween.
The Haldeman brothers', attorney and
others desired further time for the pro
duction of new evidence, and upon this
representation the new respite was
granted. • - . "• - ¦' • . '¦':. ¦.'¦.'.' ;.:¦- ¦ -... : ¦ -'¦•
Reprieve for Two Murderers.
General Clarke E. Ca*- of Illinois, who
was formerly United Srates Minister to
Denmark, is coming to California to.re
inforce the Republican -campaign speak
ers. In the Middle West he Is rated as one
of the ablest orators in the country. He
will deliver his first address of the coast
series at San Bernardino on the evening
of October 9.. He will speak at Pomona
on the 10th, at Fresno on the 11th, San
Francisco the 12th and Stockton the 13th
inst.
Horace G. Platt will speak to his fellow
citizens of San Francisco at Metropolitan
Temple next Friday evening. Four years
ago Mr. Platt, observing that the leaders
of the Democratic purty in the indorse
; ment of Bryanism hiid renounced the
true principles of Democracy, cast his
ballot for McKlnley. In this campaign
Mr. Platt will not only vote for McKlnley,
but will speak for him and advocate his
re-election. Mr. Platt is a public speaker
of rare accomplishments. The meeting
Friday evening promises to be one of the
Interesting event? of the campaign.
The first meeting of Republican."Twen
ty-onesters*! of this campaign will take
place at Metropolitan Temple Tuesday
evening of next week. A lively demon
stration is anticipated.
Major C.. W. Kyle addressed a vast au
dience at an open-air meeting at Corning
last Saturday night. He will speak at
.Crockett and Concord this week. Later
on he will go south and address the vot
ers of Mono and Inyo counties.
The Forty-first Assembly District Re
publican Club, .Horace Davis president.
1 is takine an active part In the campaign t
for McKinley arid prolonged, prosperity. \
The club also give attention to affairs of
good government in the city. A com
mittee of the club has made the following
recommendation: . ¦ •
The' Forty-fir*=t" As?»mbly 'District Republican
Club at a recent meeting- appointed a commit
tee, to urge the passage of Senate constitutional
amendment No: 4 relative to primary elections.
A clean primary protected by the sanction of
law Is absolutely indispensable to grood govern
ment. Such a primary :.ls made .possible by
i* this amendment. ; As the amendment is in the
• interest of good government an<J clean politics,
J sal.d committee desires to call the attention of
j the voters to the' matter and earnestly re
1. quests .every citizen to vote for it.
• JOHN C. CUBR1ER (Chairman).
.-••¦- R. R. BIGELOW.
Louis p. McCarthy.
. .' . ' . ' . • . Committee. :
¦The property' . owners, • taxpayers and
other good citizens of the Forty-first Dis
trict have a special diity to perform In
j.this campaign. , The boss, Martin Kelly, Is
| making; strenuous efforts to dominate the
j district. He ha|s already', through alliance
\ with Dibble. Rained controlling- influence
In one of. the- clubs of the Forty-first..
Democratic bosses are going to -his assist
ance and by their help he expects to ac
1 compllsh the-complcte subjugation of the
taxpaylng element. -He cares nothing- for
Republican. principles or for the'national
ticket of. the party. lie wants a firm hold,
however, -on the county eommltteemt-n so
that tie can- speak officially for the Repuh- :
llcan organization of th^ district. His spe
cial fight now is to elect Dibble to the
Legislature. It can be' said of Kelly that
he Is not' a sneaking, cowardly boss. If.
the exlg-encies of the campaign shall de
mand bis personal service at the front he
will take the stump for Dibble and can
vass the district under the banner of
J boodle '¦ •
General Clarke E. Carr arid
Horace G Platt Are
Announced. '
REPUBLICANS
REINFORCED BY
ABLE ORATORS
LONDON, Oct. " 3.— The returns from
Battersea.. East Dorchester. Northampton
and Swansea Were published shortly be
fore midnight. The result of the polling
In East Manchester Is the re-election of.
A. J. . Balfour by a majority which ex
ceeds by 16*57 the majority he secured at
the .general ¦ election In 1893. The figures
are: * • . • ¦
Arthur J. Balfour (Conservative), 5S03;
A. H.' Scott (Liberal), 3350. Mr. Balfour' s
majority is 3453. • • - ' -
In Batterpea John Burns has handsome
ly defeated Mf. Carton-, the Conservative
candidate. His majority, instead of fall
lnB '.below the figures of 1S95, is one vote |
In excesst of that by -which, he defeated C.
Ridley Smith at the last
general election. The polling, was:
John Burns (Radical), 5S60; . Richard C.
Carton (Conservative), 5606. Mr. Burns' j
majority is 25-!. ¦ ' ... j
. At .Northampton .both . Liberal candi
dates, Henry Lauboucher.e and Dr Ship
man, were returned. The following shows
the polling: .• . •'¦¦¦.. • .'.|
Dr. Shlpman (Liberal). 5437: : Henry
Labouchere (Liberal). 52S1: Richard R. B.
Orlebar (Conservative). 44S0; H. E. Ran
dair (Conservative). 4124. •
In Swanseatnrwn Sir- John T. D. Llewel
lyn, who represented the constituency in.
the. late Parliament in the Conservative
interest, carrying it in 1S35 by a majority
of. 421 against R. D. Burne (Liberal), has
been defeated . by- Sir George Newnes.
The figures- are: '• ¦
Sir George Newnes] (Liberal). 4318; Sir
John T; D. Llewellyn (Conservative), 3203.
Sir Georjje Newnes' majority Is 11S0.
The feature of the election so far Is.
that .while the actuat representation of
the respective" parties. Is only slightly
changed, there is undoubtedly, in both
London and the provinces, a b|g increase
In the Conservative majorities, and the
Indications are that ' the Conservatives
will enter the' new • Parliament with in
creased strenslh.
In Battersea, Contrary to -Exriecta
tlon, John Burns Wins Out by
One Vote In Excess of His
Last- Majority.
LONDON, Oct. 3.— Yesterday'3
pollingrs. in the. • Parliamentary ;
general election leave, the state of H
the partjes at present .as follows: A
Mtnisterialisfs 171, Liberals 33*
Nationalists 19. . . • . - M
Of the 2C2' seats' thus disposed of
the Ministerialists, or. 'rather, the
Conservatives, have • gplned six,
Including ..Stockton. Middleboro
and Leicester, and the Liberals „
seven. Including Gloucester. Grant- «,
ham. Northampton Swanseatown. M
Hastings and South Wolverhamp-
ton. Increased Conservative ma- - 4
Jorities are especially noticeable In _
London and Lancashire. • ' „
Representation of the Re
spective Parties but
. Slightly Changed. :
INCREASE IN
MAJORITIES OF
CONSERVATIVES
President Mitchell Addresses a Mass-Meeting,
But Says Nothing Regarding Plans of
the Managers of the Strike.
SIXTEEN THOUSAND MINERS
IN LINE AT WILKESBARRE
Believed This Completes, the '''.List of
Disasters Off ''Newfound-'- . : . / ;
S '.'. land«-'-.\' .-'. ;\ ¦¦.,...-/ -':
ST: JOHNS, K: F-. Oct. 2.— Four more
fishing vessels with crews a&gregattns
thjrty-five men were posted to-day as hav
ing been lost during the great gale of
September 13. This !s likely to complete
the list of local disasters, :."¦.'.-¦ S--\ V ¦ " '.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 2.— The Coroner *
Jury In the ease of Mrs. Jennie Douglas
Gotthold tovlsht rendered a verdict tha-6
she came to her. death by morphine polr
soning. the drug having .been adminis
tered by a person or persons unknown to
the Jury. . : : . "- " ¦ . '; "r-l-j. ':'¦- :'.¦¦
Chemist Frank A. Gamble testified. that
he had found five-sixths- of a. grain of
morphine In r the stomach.. '¦' Dr. W. J.
Hanna, Assistant City Physician, testified
that the usual- dose of morphine to ..bo
used as a narcotic was from oae^elghtb to
one-half of a grain, and that ftve-stxtha
of a grain would In some cases cause
death; • : ¦ '¦;'¦¦¦,' :¦.¦:_:/¦¦:¦ '-.-¦
Mrs. Gotthold. who was : the daughter
of City Trustee Phil Douglas, was found
dead In her father's house at 1103 D street
on the morning of September 22.. ;.; j. ¦;• ..-:
FOUR MOEE VESSELS : V-.-}•.;'.V
''¦¦¦" POSTED AS MISSING
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Morphine Found In the. Stomach of
the Bead Woman Sufficient. ta '. v
Have Caused Her' ¦[. .¦.-."•.. . ".:.
. ' - . Death. ' :•. : . : ,
Inquest Results in Accusa
tion Against Person ¦ •[¦
Unknown, •.•.•v-'.- ¦ .-•>."'•
JURY DECIDES
MRS.GDTTHOLD
WAS POlSONED
F-ifty volunteers were discharged at the
i?r<slJdio •yrtt?rday, and the scenes enact
ed ¦after they had received the sums due
them were disgraceful. Pension agents,
<irnh!crs, tailors and every manner of
.small dealer crowded aroundfctne men,
ysir-.g. <?Very endeavor ar.d making all sorts
«f offers, to get the soldiers' hard-earnea
cash. ; They .finally became so obnoxious
that the men complained to Colonel
Uawi.es. and h« ordered out the guard.
AY"lth '.'scant ceremony the peddlers w.ere
escorted off the reservation and given or
ders to keep off. the grounds In the future.
:' Sergeant ¦¦Quigiey. formerly of the Sixth
Artillery. Is confined In the guardhouse,
with f-very prospect that he will spend the
next five year's at Alcatraz. Quigloy was
invalided home from Honolulu about six
TBpnths'ago . He was a very sick man on
Ki = ?arrival here and his condition attract
ed the attention of a.- prominent member
ol the Hed-CroFF Society. The >ady paid
e-yery attention to the sergeant until FUch
ti'mV- as fco was ahle to travel, and then
procured his discharge. For some time
the and ho*, husband had been contem
• ! Inline- a trip abroad, and when they left
Pan FrancSsco Quigley went with them..
When they reached New York the kind
hearted woman gave the sergeant $500 and
Ti.i him good-by. ¦ - : •
The mono- insted Qulgley but a few
day*, and finding himself almost broke
he went to Fort Snelllng and enlisted in
the Eighth Infantry, assuming the name
of Scott. The troops started immediately
for Manila, re.iehirg San Francisco only
to march lig'rrt aboard the transport.
tjulgley. aP.ai? Scott, failed to go with
them, and a few. days later appeared at.
thfe Presidio and save himself up. claiming.
•1w> had missed the boat. He was tried and
to thtrty days In the guard
house.. After rervlng his sentence- he was
srntto the casual camp. Several of his
¦former com rjad^s- recognfze-3 him, but kept
thoir knowledge to themselves. Commls
priry Serprant Henderson had known Tilm
a? Qirieley and tendered him the use of a
V;:nk in his shack. Scott, a? he was then
called, moved his belongings to th<» house |
and appearr-d very grateful. But the firsti
lime KwdTsrtn left his quarters he re
turned to find Feott missing, also a suit-i
of civilian clothing, several pairs of shoes \
and ft nltabtft. pold watch. The matter i
was reported tn the police and the thief I
IJifatHl f,r. the -water front. Part of the 1
rlothfns was carried-. 'by Spott. -but. • the '
watch and most of the. clothes iwe're g">ne. \
.Rf'Xraa taken to the Pr<;siuio and ron- 1
fVnf-d. He will :t*e' tricsd oti a' ; charge of i
. /rAtiftyicnr <--r.l':stment. a = serious -offense, |
Arid also for ste-allrg. ; ' "• ¦'¦ ]'¦ -.'¦' j
Guard Is Called to Drive
¦ -From Presidio a Crowd
: of £inall Dealers.
VOLUNTEERS ABE
PROTECTED FROM
MONEY GRABBERS
Special Dispatch to The CalL
KEW YORK. Oct. 2,— Robert McCurdy
Lnrdi a retired banker who for the last
fixmontbp I'ved with his wife arJ chil
dren at ¦Bayonne, N. J., was found.asphyx
iated to-day In the bathroom of i ho»i,«e
at Mount Vernon. which he had 'hired ex
prr-pply for Suicide. ¦ Despondency over
mo»;<»y manors and. a. desire to put his
wife in position to collect ' $5<V*00 insurance
on his life in order that she might live in
the manner to which she was accustomed
h*f« : re reverses overtook :him are believed
t.o l>e the cays* of his killing himself.
7 \jftrA was SS years old anJ the son of
Dr. ; Rolcrt McCurdy bord. a physician
who went .to Kansas City from Connecti
<r;\ji.'& -number of years ago. '¦ The elder
Lord was a cousin of Robert .Henry Me-
Curdy , the tiiistt of Richard A. McCurdy.
president" of the Mutual Life Insuranrc
Coir. pa ny. The son whose dead body was
found lo-dsv.' was a banker in Kansas "un-
COMMITS SUICIDE TO
ENRICH HIS FAMILY
Having Squandered a Fortune a Retired
ft Banker Ends Life So His Wife
V: Can Collect Insurance.
til six years ago, when his mother died,
leaving $300,000 to him and a younger
brother, Henry. In equal shares.
When Lord came Into the Inheritance he
retired from business and devoted hit"
life to pleasure. He moved to New York,
bought a steam yacht and a'string otraee
horses and lived expensively. . Two years
ago he suddenly realized he had spent the
greater part of his fortune. One of hls>
wealthy uncles started him In business,
but he did not make a success and he be
came moody. With his wife and children
he took a trip around the "world to divert
his mind. On his return Lord went Into
Wall street and made an attempt to re
gain his fortune. He was caught On the
wrong side and his losses have been vari
ously estimated at from' $25.(V)u. to $100,000.
Then he threatened to kill himself.
Just a year afro. Lord took out an Insur
ance policy for-550.000 in the Mutual Life.
The policy was one which after a year
suicide does not Invalidate. It is now sup
posed he waited till the year elapsed and
then killed himself.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1900.
Internal Revenue Receipts.
The internal revenue receipts In Col
lector Lynch's district for the month of
September were PT8.762 <6. the > principal
Items being aa follow: Beer. $109,812 80
spirits. $83,943 74: tobacco, (24,270 89; docu
mentary. $65,093; proprietary, 111,408 68.
INMATES AROUSED
BY POSTMASTER
Students Sleep While Flames
Burst From Their Club
house..
3
' For the Information of those interested
a little book will be mailed free by ad-
dressing F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich.,
giving briefly the symptoms of the various
forms of stomach weakness, causes and
cure.
• The merit and success of Stuart's Dys-
prpsia Tablets' are world wide and they
are sold at the moderate . prfce of 50 cts.
for ful! sired package In every drug store
In tjie tTnlted States and Canada, as well
i? .in Europe.
¦Dieting never cures dyspepsia, .neither
•do "pills and cathartic medicines, which
pimply irritate and inflame the intestines.
' Whenonough food Is eaten and promptly
digested there will be no constipation, nor
in fact will there be disease of any kind
¦because good digestion means good health
In every organ; . •
One grain of the active principle in Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets will digest 3000
grains. of rrteaj.. tggs or other wholesome
food, and this Plaint has been proven by
dctCal experimenjt which any one can per-'
ffjrm-ftr himself in the following manner;
Cut hard boiled oggrinto very small pieces,
as it Would be if masticated, place the egg
end two or'three -of the- tablets in a bottle
•or. jar containing warm water heated to
;•< deprrees (the temperature of the body)
an3 keep it at this temperature for three
apd 'one-half hours, at the -end. of which
trine tl:e okr will be as completely digest-
pd as' !t would- have bc^n In the healthy
Ftomach of a hungry boy.
, The point of this experiment If that
what Stuart's I>yfip€psla Tablets will do
lo the eg? tn the bottle it will do to the.
*-^g or meat In -the stomach and nothing
*»lse .w'll r*Ft and Invigorate t'he stomach
fo *nf<--ly and effectually. Even a little
child can- take Stuart's j Tablets with
>=aff»ty and beheflt if its digestion is weak-
End the thousands of cures accomplished
t-y- their regular daily use are easily ex-
pJainod when it "Is understood that they,
fire composed of vegetable essences, asep-
'tlc pe'r^ln.' diastase and Golden Seal,
which mingles, with the food and digest
it thoroughly, Riving the overworked
stomach a chance to recuperate.
Prove It.
You Can. Try It for Yourself .and
: . ADVERTISEMENTS.
"INTERESTING, IF. TRUE.
waDVEETlSEMENTS.
¦The N.K.Fairbank Company.
' Chicago-Solo M&nnf actorvra.
rprr f Our dainty booWrt,
J* ALL t „ A public Sscret, 3
mailed frm to any addrew. For
one to stamp wo will Mad tt9» <mr
Its pasts rreipa book. "H««t
Helps,' 7 «L ted by Mrs. Bom.
Why don't
you try
WHITE
COTTOLENE
1o-dqy?
Have You Ilied
V WHITE !
s COTTOLENE? 5
j .... *. . ; Xf
Melting Pte Crust
¦ is ¦
always insured by usin jj White Cottolese
. as a shortening. The pure vegetable oil is '
. much more wholesome than any form of "
animal fat.' The newly perfected process
of manufacture makes White Cottolene
absolutely neutral, so that anything made
with it is both healthful ana appetizing. ¦
Delicious Doughnuts .
are'
yours if you follow the recipes In "Home
Helps," which we send to any one for a 2-
• cent stamp. Frying in White Cottolene
' makes doughnuts taste better than if you "
used anything else, because pare vegetable .
oil is aa idealfrying toediutok ' • '
Cat Biscuits Freely.
. // ¦
they arc made with White Cottolene. Noth-
ing can be purer, more wholesome, or
cleaner than pure vegetable oil as found in
Cottolene. Being neutral, and perfectly
odorless and flavorless, it gives the rail
delicacy of the flavor of the floor to the
biscuit. It will not annoy the most deli-
cats stomach.
No Hog Fat In Food
'- •-'• ' y //— — ¦
• ' you'use White Cottolene for all fryine and
' shortening purposes. Being odorless and
tasteless you grt the fall flavor of the arti- j
cles cooked with it: Your food always has .
an ap-pet'izingtastebfMdes being freefrom
anything nnwholeso'me and indigestible.mento Girl.
SACRAMKNTO. Oct. 2.— Two unknown
men last Friday night fired a pistol close
ip the head 'of the 12-year-old daughter of
John B. Freeman of this city to scare her
and succeeded In their design so well that
the little one has been unconscious nearly
the- entire time since and has srfered from
repeated spasms. The child is now out
oi danger and a search is being made to
ascertain the Identity of the person who
fired the ahot,- with the probability that
he.wlll.be severely dealt with as soon as
his Identity can be established.
Fire a Pistol Close* to the Head of a
Twelve- Year-Old Sacra-
UNKNOWN MEN SCARE
CHILD INTO SPASMS
CHINA IN NEED OF
A HELPING HAND
David Starr Jordan Says the Nations
Have Not Dealt Justly With
the Flowery King
ooipj
Special Dispatch to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 2.-
President David Starr Jordan in a lecture
to-night told the students of his trip to
the Orient last summer and gave his Im
pressions of the Asiatic peoples and cus
toms. Incidentally he- touched upon the
present troubles in China and commented
upon tho actions of the different nations
represented there.
President Jordan Is of the opinion that
the Dowager Empress sided with the 6ox
ers In their fight against foreigners and
that the 'Government could "' have sup
pressed the rioters with little effort Had
the effort been made. He could find no
excuse for the looting of Tientsin and the
imperial university.
In China, said Dr. Jordan, the mission
aries were the maligned and detested class
of foreigners. This was because they
neither played poker nor drank, hence
those who did indulge In such pastimes
were against them. A few missionaries
who*, were guilty of . dishonesty or inca
pacity incurred the hatred of the Chinese
for all qf them, in closing Dr. Jordan
said: ' v;
' China as a nation has undergone a sort of
vivisection. Her fertile peninsulas have be«n
cut off. her harbors appropriated, and the doors
to. rer trade forced open. For this no com
pensation has been maile to her. China should
not be rejrard<*d entirely as a chance for eco
nomic tr.iln. What she needs is sympathy and
help, that she may restore peace and develop
aftrr her own fashion. One way for Amerl
eans to develop trarle there .would be to eenfl
a corps of honest and sober Consuls, who could
win the confidence of her people. . Nor should
we expect Indemnity, though we are entitled
to.lt. We cannot hope to get money. To take
laml would be but to Justify the Boxer move
ment. - Furthermore, it. would be a losing
proposition financially. The civilized nations
must cease to look upon the empire as a Jelly
fish nation and Join In helping her to work
out her own salvation.
Ignores a San Jose Ordinance.
Special. Dispatch to The Call.*
BAN JOSE, Oct. 2.— The ordinance re
cently, passed by the City Council impos
ing a' license of $750 per month oil concert
halls where llquoris sold went Into 'effect
yesterday, but the Pabst Cafe, the only
place affected, paid no attention to It last
night and song and drink were dispensed
as usual. This high" license is imposed In
addition to the |50 jer quarter liquor li
cense now in force. The. police and City
Attorney have been .consulting. H. L.
Hlrsch, the proprietor of the cafe, will be
arrested and - the • orainance tested In the
courts.; , •¦ . ;
Our Amy. and Navy, Heroes
depicted on highest quality playing card*— new
design*, new series — 25 cents a pack. In I money
or stamna. Address Ma] t-Nu trine Dept., An
beuser-Buech Brewing Aei'n, St. Louis, Mo.
Spcelal Dispatch to The. Call.
TACOMA. Oct. 2.-J. H. Cobb has
reached Juneau.from the Porcupine dis
trict with news of the first results of the
occupation of the disputed territory by
Canadlan officers. Cobb says many Amer
ican miners have already left and others
are going.. They prefer to leave rather
than go to the expense of attempting to
secure title -to their' claims from the Cana
dian authorities. ' Some of these claim
holders have boon at Atlln. where they
became -thoroughly disgusted with Cana
dian red tapo and the disposition apparent
.there; two years ago to exclude Americans
from mining, righti?. Those men left Atlin'
for Porcupine, feeling certain that they
were going to American territory, where
they -coul-d mine at peace under American
protection. Now they- are bemoaning
their ill luck. ;\
Gold Commlsuloner 'Martin and other
Canadian officials have Installed them
selves for the winter In buildings on the'
so-called international line, a half mile
.north of Porcupine City. Martin posted
notice that title to nil claims legally
Staked by Americans would be confirmed
by him and set dates for hearing -and
settling disputed canes-. < To his surprise
not a single claim was presented for con
firmation. This resulted from the. exodus
of miners holding claims on Boulder and
Nugget creeks. The abandoned claims
will now. revert to Canadians.
DECIDES AGAINST TAX
CERTIFICATE TITLES
Ruling of. Judge Torrance Affects
'• . , Much Property in San
Diego.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 2.— Judge Torrance
to-day -'rendered a ' 'decision'' in a 'suit In
vblving a tax title which is of Importance
to-all of the property owners of this. city
whose property Is affected by any of the
sales made, in the last three years for
city taxes.. The eult was brought to quiet
title as against a tax certificate and deed,
and after a two days' trial and argument
the decision was in favor of the plaintiff,
the tax certificate title being declared In
sufficient on four grounds. .-Two of the
grounds are specific In this case, but the
other two are general. . .
The court holds that the printed form
which has been in use. for three years is
defective In that it doe»' not state defi
nitely the amount .paid, by the. purchaser
for the tax certificate; and, further, 1 that
it did not.6peclftcally, state at what tlrro
the .property might be redeemed: As all
certificates issued since 1897 have been on
the' eame form*, the decision affects all
titles o( the last three years.
General Exodus Follows the Occupa
tion of the Disputed District
: by Canadian Offi-
AMERICANS DESERT
PORCUPINE CLAIMS
Reception and Banquet Tendered the
" . Delegates by the Hospitable
Citizens of Los
Snpclal Disratch to The Call.
LOS GATOS. Oct. 2.-The twenty-eighth
annual session of« the State Grange con
vened here to-day. Delegates to the num
ber of ISO were present when. the. meeting
was called to order at .11' o'clock by
Worthy Master G. W. Worthen of San
Jose. The obligations of the fifth degree
w r ere conferred, j after which adjournment
was taken for luncheon. At 1 o'clock the
meeting was again called to- order and
the entire afternoon was consumed in the
appointment of committees tor the ensu
ing year and the hearing of the reports
.of the grand officers. •
. This evening a reception was tenderei
the members of the grange hy the citi
zens of Los Gatos. The programme con
sisted of music and -short addresses. City
Attorn#y. Robertson spoke h few words
of welcome in behalf of the citizens, and
Past Worthy Master J. J. Cornell extend
ed the. welcome of the local lodge to th£
visitors. Worthy' Master G.W. Worthcu
-responded to the addresses!! speaking of
the advantages* of American citizenship
and briefly outlining tho objects of- the
grange.. Miss Erma Brown rendered a
cliaJcct song and the address of the even
ing wns then delivered by J. S. Taylor,
worthy -lecturer of the State Grange, In
which he expatiated on the advantages
and objects of the order.- •
Senator Johnson,' Professor Chase. C.
W. Emmory, worthy overseer of the Stale
Grange, and Mr. Flynn of 8acramcnto
.were called upon and responded with
shirt V speeches. -The programme wa.
' closed -by- O. B. Whalev in a humorous
recitation on woman's rights, after whicl;
all repaired to 'the adjoining banquet
room, where a dainty repast- had been
provided.: The grange, 'will' continue in
session for four days. "<
WITNESSES AGAINST BERGEROW
Murder of Joseph Cech Described in
Court.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 2.— A number of wit
nesses were examined to-day, at the trial
of : Fred ' Bergerow. ' the Alvlso constable
who killed Joseph Cech and August Ber
ger. "Bergerow is being tried : - for -the mur
der of Cech. Dr. G. \V. Seifert told of hls^
examination of the victim's wounds, and
Deputy " Sheriff Gruwell testified to the
arrest of the prisoner. ' *' "
Ralph Peters waa-the most important
, witness .of day.,- He saw Cech and
Berger approaching Bergerow, .who ' had
a prisoner In custody., They. were gesticu
lating and talking. - A-! moment later he"
heard the shots and saw both men lying
dead on the ground.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOLL1STEK. Oct. 2.— Hack of the suit filed to-day by Mrs. Kate Carmack praying for a divorce from George Carmack
and a division of the community property there is a romance that'goea back to the discovery of the Klondike and the gold
fields that have enriched scores of adventurous treasure seekers. Carmack is the man who first took yellow metal from
the frozen soil of that far northern land. His claims on El Dorado and Bonanza creeks are now worth $1,000,000, and he
has many thousands of dollars deposited in the Bank of California, the Hibernia Bank and the Bank of Seattle.
George Carmack spent fourteen years in Alaska, and at the end of that period he was no richer than when he first went
north in quest of adventure and fortune. Then he took unto himself an Indian wife. This squaw had promised him that
she would lead him to a land where gold nuggets were as plentiful as the sands on the seashore. After they had been made
man and wife according to the rites of the rude frontier she kept her word, and with her two brothers, known us Skookum
Jim and Gagish Charley, led him to the now famous Klondike. ;¦'.."*;.»•
Within two years he was a millionaire, and on his return to the States the lowly treasure seeker found himself a prince
among men. fawned upon by his fellows and with the power to gratify his every wish. Then he tired of his Indian wife,
and last February he left her and their 8-year-old child In this city and returned to Alaska.
The divorce decree Is asked for on statutory grounds, and a Mrs. Saftlg of Seattle Is named as co-respondent: •
STATE GRANGE IN
ANNUAL SESSION
Action Brought Against Millionaire- Carmack by the Sqtuaw Who Led
Him to the Land -off Odd. .
INDIAN WIFE OF THE KLONDIKE'S
DISCOVERER SUES FOR DIVORCE
RANCH : : .'LAB0EEB' ENDS X-IFE.
Shoots ; Himself After Spending ;His
•• - ' Earnings, in Dlrsipation. j •
Hp^ciai- I)iF:*iat : ch to The- <7al"j.-.- ' .-.'• . ' :;: ¦¦
H r AN*FORb..Ort, i^yililam Klrig._ r>
year.s of age. committed puicid-e. this after
iioon at-.Klngston. 'eig-.ht- mUes from Hari
fo'rd. lie- stood In the center- of- a brldgfe
that spans Kinsrs River r and.put : a bullet
in his heart. King" worked an the Laguha
de Tache Grant as a day laborer; ' A few
days' &eo tie come to: Hertford • and • *pent
all of -.bis-. *-»rni-ngw for ¦ lhiuor.' --On; his
r«urn to-th«? ranch he became -d^pdndv
ent, and finally, decided to end his exist
ence. '• After ehootlnjer himself Kinff did not
din immediately, and! when. men. went in
belp .him he beggfd that they let him die.
Klhjr iia'd -relatives In San Krahclsca. v •-. .
WILDCAT SLAIN ?
•"¦¦.¦:; BY e LODI LAD
' ' Special Dispatch tnr The C*U.
LObr.' Oct.; I-By prompt action
and •* presence. : cf; mJnd,
Greer. a' 133-year-oj.d lad residing
near this place., saved himself from
a desperate fight with a huge wild
cat. •- yesterday 'niornlhK ; -'on' 'his
father's -ranch. : en. the Atokelurnne
River bottoms. • .The boy -was gun
ning fortjuall wheh he. was startled
by 'trie^wildcat,. which pprajig from
behlrid a. iclump" of bu?hes . not • ten
feet a.way : The animal trotted qiff
a few yards, then, suddenly stopped
and crouched to spring. ' ¦ Young
Greer'drew his gun to his shoulder
and pave the wildcat both' barrels
at close ra'mre,-' which' endeti Its
career. It wae ah old ' cat ' anil
weighed tweht j'-flve pounds.' , :
Patents Granted.
Spc-ciaJ Dispatch 'to The Call.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and Pensions and
. WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— Postoffice es
tablished: California— Willow Ranch, Mo
doe County. Repent order discontinuing
tniis olflce rescinded."
Postmaster commissioned: Oregon—EJ
mund A. Parker, Price. Crook County.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
California: Original— John C. Foster.
San Bernardino, $s; Henry R- Miller, Oak
land, $S; George M. Brack, Los Angeles,
Jo; Josiah.S. Statler, San Jose, $6. Re
newal and increase — George W. Oakley,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $14. Original
widowti— Henrietta M. Bancroftr Fres
no. $&..-¦ %
. -Ortg-on: Original— Joseph C. Davis, As
toria, $t>. ' - . ¦ •
Washington: Original— Byron Shep
herd. Cathiamet, $6; Thomas J. Martin.
Chelan, $6; Theodore Bainbridge, Se
attle. $8. • :
•Patents issued: Callfprnla— Peter Abra
hamspn, San Francisco, door or window
ventilator; John Bean, Los Gatos, power
mechanism •, Charles W. T. Da vies, San
Francisco, assignor -to L. C. Bailey,
Washington.' I). C.,- finger attachment for
clerks;' -George E. Grler, Pomona, peeling
and gouging knife; Tnomas F. Hagerty,
San Francisco". -plaiting machine; Charks
E. K'oiler, Ix>s ¦ Angeles, boot heel; Wil
liam J. Lorlng, Angels Camp, belt for ore
concentrators (reissue); John R.' Moore,
Oakland, 'assignor oy mesne assign
ment,! to Moore Improved' Gold Separator
Company of California, ore separator;
Thomas. E. : Ryan. San * Francisco, pipe
.wrench; Charles. K. Seymour and H. S.
Sloorey, Plac'ervllle, Aechanlsm .for sizing
•and. segregating ores br disintegrated ma
terials; Herbert K. S. Singleton, assignor
of «no-half to S. F. Lee and H. Hamp
shire. San Francisco,! focusing device for
•cameras': Charles. P-. Smith, assignor- of
two-thirds to' F. Newham arid C. 8. Beath.
Los Angeles.," moisterior and liquid dit«
tri-buter; Johrr-A. Spencer, Los Angelen.
valve- for pneumatic tires; Samuel Swee
.jiey, Los. Afngeles, wheel for. vehicles.
Washlngfor.-rGeorge H. 'Blanchard. Se
attle.! ral> bond; Frajik W. iChurchouse.
Tacorha. arid H. O, Benedict. Seattle, self
closins -yaTve-'for -steam- pipes; George H.
Nehf^ Tacbma. tnksjand"; Fjed A. Ny
strofti.' Cbam.opolla, gtlndjng 'machine.
¦ Orcjrcn— Carp Boenrgen.. ABtoria. com
bination reamer; tap and counter sink:
•George Easterbee, Portland, coin con
trftUeJl; mechanism for dispensing new^
¦pa'pers'' '¦ .•-..: ,•.;.-•..
J.EGAL JTGHT FOR^ . • " '-'
¦ / |; ¦;,.• B0LLINGEB ESTATE
Widow's ..Contest of the. San Jose
j ;. . Capitalist*' Will , Begins. Be- •'
j ! ' \ hind Closed. Doors.'
.r^Pfelil ¦ r>isf»teh to The; Call. .;.' . ¦ .' '
I'- SAX JOSft. Oct^-2.— The contest of the
' will of Christian- Bojllnger, deceased; Is
lifting ..heard 1 behind closed doors before
i.Judgp ilyland. The contest is being car
¦ rlfd <in by .the heirW of Mary L. Bolllnger,
1 the. second wlfe'pf the testator. -'Unsound-*
; ness <>f mind and the "undue influence of
Oeorce Y. Boljlnger; "a son, are the
I grounds set forth. ...
. To-day -was taken tip in hearing the de
position of the.' contestant, Mary L. Bol
.linger, who died before the cause :came on
for trial. She declared her husband's
mind: was. weakened and he. became mi
reptible to the Influence -of his son, George
Y. Bhllingor; who thus- became possess^
•of"- J90.000 worth.' of property- belonging to
the estate and succeeded in having him
>jclf- appointed executor. . . . :
Christian BolUnger "died two- years ago.
Several years befere his death he married
MA.ry. I-i Whybark. a '-widow, with a nutn
ber Af grown children. In his will he left
his wife but. a. few thousand- dollars, and
she at once began acontest of the will.
STANFORD CLASS BUSH . . ' < > '¦'-¦ ¦
I '¦¦¦ '. | BEING INVESTIGATED
Students Who Disobeyed the Rules
;.-. -Likely to B* Expelled From
j -" the University. • . :
Special Dicpatch" lo The Call. • ;•. : ::> ¦ •
.STANFORD .UNIVERSITY. Oct ?.-¦
; The faculty committee on student affairs
Is. investigating the. causes which led up
to the rush by' students from the fresh
manand sophomore classes early^ on Sun
day morning. The result Is likely to Hie
the dismissal from college of any tit the
olden students who can be found to have
taken part In the afTair. Though only
about -thirty students participated, the
committee feels that the infraction of the
rule deserves a slern reprimand. Be
. tween forty and fifty' students were sum
. rnoned before the chairman' to-day to tell
what' part they. took, and more may be
called to-morrow.
¦ Drink Rainier Beer, the only beer on the
Pacific Coast that received a medal at the
Farto; Exposition. : . • ..
PLACER VIliLE. ' Oct. 2.— The ' arguments to
the Jury in behalf of th« defendant In the
Zunrwalt murder ease were not coniDleted thi*
e.ventng when court adjourned until 9:30 o'clocfc
to-morrow mo'rnlnff." . ¦ .
man to show up. Suddenly the astute detective saw a man
who 'answered the description of the mysterious stranger, ap
pear from behind a clump of bushes and start to mount a bi
cycle. Cautiously approaching him, Crockett was about to
seize him from behind when he discovered that the "bicy
clist" was Captain Wittman. With the bashfulness of a
schoolboy Crockett explained that he had been sent by Chief
Sullivan to find out "\vl»at he was doing," and incidentally to
establish the identity of the "mysterious stranger." Mutual
apologies were exchanged and Crockett returned to the City
Hall, where he made a report to Chief Sullivan of what hart
happened.
Wittman now declares that he will learn to ride a bicycle
even at the cost of his position. He, however, has changed his
"training quarters" lo Ingleside, where he will not be subject
ed to the gaze of detectives and prying strangers. He says
that after he learns to ride he intends to have a bicycle built
for two, so that he can take Chief Sullivan for a "spin"
through the park.
CAPTAIN OF POLICE WITTMAX ia determined to
lead his fellow captains in introducing innovations in
to the police department. He believes that every cap
tain of the force should be able to ride a. bicycle, but
before bringing tho subject to the attention of Chief
Sullivan and the Police Commissioners he Intends by constant
practice to be able to sit on a wheel without falling off. For
the last week, eariy mornirg visitors to Golden Gate Pat it
have been startled by a tall man trying to master the difficul
ties of riding a wheel. As soon as they would approach the
man would disappear behind some tree and remain there^ un
til the inquisitive visitors left.
Anxious to establish his identity, the Superintendent of the
Park notified Chief Sullivan of the strange antics of the man,
and requested him to detail a detective to run him down.
Armed with a pair of spy glasses and with his feet encased
in a pair of noiseless shoes. Detective Crockett, better known
as "Old Ironsides," was sent to the park to solve the mystery.
Ensconcing himself behind a tree, Crockett waited for the
A MYSTERIOUS PERSON. WHOSE ANTICS IN THE PARK CAUSED SUSPICION. WAS SHADOWED BY ONE
OF CHIEF SULLIVAN'S DETECTIVES. AND HE. AFTER SOME CLEVER WORK. CAUGHT CAPTAIN OF
POLICE WITTMAN. WHO HAD BEEN LEARNING TO RIDE A BICYCLE.
the States.
Deprived of Their All by Gale and
• Wave, Unforttuiates Now. Await :.
. : --. '¦;-: a Chance to Return to , :
By FBED A. HEALY.
¦ . :_'¦/ '¦ Speetni Corfwpondervre of The Call. '¦-._
JCOMK, Alaska. Seji*.\ J?.— >' erne Is now '
preparing/ for. the winter. The flrst frost
of the season has cohve.' converting the"
tnuriiiy streets into averiufsof du!l t murky
;c0Jore«i ire <iurine jCbtt tilehts; Those who
intend spending the w-intvr-here^irL'.gret-'
linp. their cioth.ins.tf rid habitations; Into
..s-liape .for the loftR..-PJ*»Be; of Arctic weather
they will be caM uj>on to uh<ierjro. and-
Mhnsf who a'.f ' s<i"Uik J>ae&. to their boines
-In; [civilization a re' se^in* n-<l of their sur
plus stork of supplies^ im! wailing for the
iiaiiiWg dayis.of their several ?teamer>.
•-. T-h> vessels, now in: J he. harbor are the !
Ohio, ' Senator," Ovnienhliil, .¦•Santa' Ana, i.
;«:':ty of Nome/IlwlK-rt Dollar and Charles ,
'jhlMiner .J\k Tittomalcft a day of ;two ;
ago; carryfog n«?a) ly 4"0 Jiasserieers a.way- ;
y-iiii '.fcor.; M is expected that.tiief=e v<?p- '
.s-'^-Js.. now . fn the. .rostilstcad xylll on _:thls
'trip and the following' one carry nt-arly :
' SfKW -rhnr^ to ihe.sTjnnjMfolds of the BQutb*
laridV .This will leave Xorat wiiir a wiftter I
j'ftpuiatiojn of about 4-jiXt, or Ij.ni marc than :
:•:>.¦ in ie red here last year. .- : ' : - :•-.". '
:. This exodus tiJis U'en .. .Vory materially t
irtcTPa£ed : . b>* the recent Ptofni, --.The .
amount pf damage abnVby the. gale will i
.run up to pearly: tl&ilj*** and bvor' 5") I
people were rendered' homeless. Most b«-j
these tiaa. : tliejtf all ewepl aviray.;by'
the seas, and '.now*, .'finding •i.themsclve.s |
ruirted.and iiennil«-ss:: they, are trying to !
feet: back to the States.-;. -. ' • ." - - .'.
One is able now ¦¦ \o- get'-same Idea" of '.the \
<k-?rruciion wrought. Itlver street, a. thor- •
dughfare ; -hordofing on the Stiake Jtiver; •!
has been- practically wlpi>d out of exlst T 1
nice-tor -a tilttance of a half mife. \Vhere \
once; Vtood - residences.: tou>ine^6 . hpu.«es. ; j
lumber-yardi?, wharvt-s and cither -btruc.- I
iureg there is now nothing, but great j
heaps 'ot torn, tangled, .twisted and splin^ J
tered debris, arr.id which- huu<lr<Hl* of peo- ¦¦
pi»- may t>e seen: scurrying about in .the \
vain ttTort . to save >uint'thing'. of their;
belongings froni the ' general wreck! Some ¦
-idea of the fury of. tive wa\es inay be had ;
whfi'. it is known, that between Ih-tse '
buildings and the . open : >ea" thtre Inter
-Vfeaefl a river tind a OUadspft. :eac;h about i
15a. feet iiv width! .. The breakers rushing
¦in frorn the ocean erossed :both>j)lt and
¦ ri\>r and dashed agaihsk th*?.. houses' ori
• the further side with t=uflieteTit force to
•lit.t them from their foundations and dash
.them to fragments on" the- street below,
where the splintered -pieces- were pigted j
up by the waters that. "swept in a s^rj-r j
tag, Wething mass along trie- street and ,
back iiiio the river, tan ying. the .wreck- |
age thence out to sea.. V . - ¦ :
As to the beach itself and all the freight;^
machinery and- lumber that rested there-;
on little need be t='ald beyond tflllnp- those :
at iiome who were interested in any prop- j
tTty:' left there that .their machinery is i
now buried fathoms .deep ¦ under • great ]
heaps of drifted sand and that their "lum- i
ber is Mored in- various ' -placiP5 In Uering j
Sea and the Pacific Ocean between Nome j
and the Hawaiian Islands. • ¦
" So much for tl.e storm of the elements. ]
Now for a storm of another kind. Some i
• days ago a writ of Fuporsed^s .arrived
bere from the l."nlted;&tate« Circuit Court ,
af t:ar) Francisco, accompanied .by an. or- |
dor which directed Receiver. McKcnzie to !
turn over all the properties belonging to .
the Piorifcr Mjning Comiiany from his
¦ possession to "i^eirs. and. to refrain from '<
further Interfering with' the management 1
of the claim in Controversy. Judgt? Mor- I
row when ho issued this.ordt-r probably
thought- it wo'jltl ¦ be obeyed.- He was
nevermore mi-takon in his life. The Clr-"
c'jJit-. Court of Appeal? is evidently Iwt a
two-spot in the tstimatiori of .Mr. McKen—
zie. judging fr:;m theway he received the
order. He p.ald. absolutely no aUentton to
it.' and thfc situation hv. exactly, the same
¦;,f It was l)ffoie ' Judge Sio.rrow cut in.
. Judge. Noyeis a< ted on the wnt according
'.to hit*. own" Ijshr .and . issued an' order of
his own, whicli is. only- effective* in so. far
..fts-.ii docs nothing itself an/1 -allowt, no
-i;ody else to do anything. Allof thig'.has
lifcn brought. ;o the. attention 6fthe : Cir
cuit Court of Appeals." and people here are
.waiting .to sre whether Jydgc Morrow: will
¦sutT?mon McKenzie' before him ..and teach"
him the -error- of. h-is : ways or. whether tho
offonder trill -Wicgeed'tn his tffort.to ignore
Jiirri and his authority, .r . .. .. , : .
Crim'e -crintH'iUt x.; ¦ Atmopt nightly some
body :f- knocked over the head and robbed
. :or -made' : to siand looklrig. down the b'prtcj
of. a aix-sh o 9ter while .an- ' enterprising
strahgt-r parrs him out.' These 'little af-.
• fairs have : boccime. po common thftt'.-lhcy;
"hiiife -Fi?nk tf>.the.lev<-i; of .rn^demeanors
.iind exdt^ no parlicirlar- attont4o.n/. At- 7
• o'clock' last liifi-rit'/a '••6u|>U> -of- strangers
took careful meas.yrernents on th? outside
. of .the hoijse of. Charfefc Smfth. and after
.Tocaling' his hpd shot 'through the wo^jden
' *ide of .the' strurtiire a-n'd •seriously wound!
' od ; Mr! Smith .-in' t+ie:ba<-k while. hei was
o lyjng-kesidt^ Tils: wife! The crime-, wsjs as
.- jfowardly (Werer was perpefratfd \n : . thJs
. ' or ;any" -other nornmuriiiy. Smith is. one of
;<he b^Et known iind -best liked- rncti in the
Vanip. .-; :; •-¦•¦;..'.¦¦¦¦.• ;.:¦¦-.:• -i !•
-° : ".Th»" ftfjtnwr Oriy.abji.:, -which was.'ehai
• .terr'd 1>>" the l-'nitf d -'Governmeiif to
. .ccnif .up'herf' ui<h the -.c-abfe -and -tdo
graphic; lAiippUe*,- -bec-am* 4 inocnlatvd. ;wifh
rhe pr-evaUirrg «.Siv-ase -^hd jumped, a ledge
about ¦•tYirirV iyr.fr.Mr rntlef' olt St.- Miptiaei
harbor.'-. She. broke hiSr'back in: the' Effort
¦ . and. ntsw lies . Kutik in t.wenty^.ven feet- of
¦¦•water;. General Greclj% who was apa.sycn
¦ ori the Orizaba, will leave for: home oh
: the" Ohio. " ,--.-.•• v •-.- ." ..: .: • . : . {' . :"
MILLION DOLLARS/ IS THE LOSS.
Captain Wittman Is Stalked by an Upper Office Sleuth During
an Early Morning Practice Ride.
MIRED IN HDD
AS TIDE RISES
AROUND THEM
Yachting Party Barely Es
capes' Awful Death Near
San Rafael.
SAILING CRAFT IS CAPSIZED
Its Occupants Fail in an Attempt ta
• . Wads Ashore and Assistance
Comes Just in the Nick
- * . of Time.
Sp*"-ial Plf^atch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 2.— William O'Brien.
Thomas O'Brien and four San Francisco
ladi-s* who refuf-ed to divulge their nam^s
had a narrow escape from a terrible death
in • the waters of Greenbrae Creek yes
icrday.' Thrown into shallow water by the
oar-sizing. of their yacht, they attempted
to Avado ashoro. but became mired in the
mud at the bottom of the creek. The ris
ing tide was rapidly submerging them
whtm the nicupants of a yacht, attracted
liy their cries, hurried to their rescue and
BQt them to a -place of s-afety. The lames
of the. party were thoroughly exhausted
and rhilled from their long stay in the
water.
The party hau been sailing up and down
the ere.- k in a small boat during the aftcr
r.oon. While turning the rraft in shallow
fritter the rente. -!>o;ird caught on tiie bot
tom and a "n««i\y pufl ot wn.d capsized it.
The tiioml-crs of the party were thrown
cu» into .seveial 2>et ot water and thought
jhat they coUid wade ashore, but tney
m;red in the soft mud before they had
gone" fifty 'feet. '
. >hcy sank to their waists in the sift
ooee «>f *h^ er'^'W-. and thf» rif'ns" ( M • '¦«
f:ist making thtir position a perilous one
irtien Uobej-t'AlltChell and J. D. Saxe ar
rived on the .--cene with a small sKirf and
after. rriuili dinimlty rescutu me lmperne.i
party.
¦ MitrheHajTfi Saxe had been on the ark
Cuckoo, near the .drawbridge. Hearing
cries for help they had sighted the unfor
tunates and gone to their rescue. In step
ping from the ark to the small boat Mr.
Saxe slipped and went overboard. The
strong tidv swept him under the ark, and
it was thought for a time that he would
lie drowned. He came up under the stern
of the . craft r.nd climbed aboard. • His
mishap did hoi prevent him continuing
with Mr. Mitchell to the rescue of the
capsized party. Three trips were neces
sary before. the six were placed on shore.
Th«'y were taken to the Cuckoo. Two of
the young ladies were almost dead from
exhaustion and exposure. • The ladies re
fused to divulge thfif names, but were
profuse, with thanks for their rescuers.
.All were. from San Francisco for a day's
pleasure. . . , •
This is the second time Sir. Mitchell has
been instrumental in saving life on the
(Greenbrae Creek this summer. Mr.
Mitchell Is well known in insurance circles
in San : Francisco. "¦:¦-•. ; -. .?¦
More ; Than Five Hundred
i-^PersonsM Without
\ . . -: Shelter. . :
DESOLATION IN
THE WAKE OF NOME STORM
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 2.-
The work of explaining the purposes of
the Stanford constitutional amendment
Is being carried on vigorously by those
having It in charge.- To-day the chairmen
of the county committees met and dis
cussed ways and means. Nearly- every
county in the State was represented.
Funds to carry on the work are to be
raised. by contribution from students and
faculty and by a monster entertainment.
This Is necessary because of the decision
of the president of the board of trustees
(S. F. Lieb) that the university would
not cohtrlbute a cent toward the expense
of the campaign, as that would lay it
open *o the charge of lobbying for- Its own
interests.
F. V. Keesling *9S has been chosen to
visit the graduates and friends of the uni
versity, and his expenses have been gua
ranteed by the members of the committee
personally. Mr. Keesllnj? will travel from
one end of the State to the other. visiting
the principal cities.
BIG RALLY AT YUBA CITY.
Farmers Gather From Miles Around
to Hear Sam D. Woods.
Special Disratch to The Call.
YUBA CITY. Oct. 2.— Notwithstanding a
lowering ?ky th.-tf gave every Indication
Of rain, a crowdf which jcompletely filled
the large room of the courthouse turned
out to-night to hear Sam D. Woods. Re- 1
publican candidate for Congress, discuss
the Issues of the campaign. The meeting
was attended by the McKinley and Roose
velt Club of Marysvllle, which marched
over to Yuba City headed ¦ by a brass
band, while the farmers came from miles
around.
Mr. Woods declared himself In favor of
a protective tariff for fruit as well as for.
other American industries and products,
and advocated the conservation of storm
waters to be used for irrigation in dry
weather and to prevent floods during the
usual high water periods. He spoke of
the issues of the campaign, and the names
of McKinley and Roosevelt were, roundly
applauded whenever mentioned.
The chairman of the meeting was A.- H.
Hewitt, a leading Republican of Butter
County. The Indications are that the peo-.
pie of this county are fully determined
that the country needs four more years of
the prosperity of President McKinley.
ROUGH RIDERS ON PARADE.
j Khaki-Uniformed Men Escort Judge
Benson at San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 2.— Hon. H. L. Benson'
of Oregon this evening addressed the
most enthusiastic Republican meeting of
the campaign in this city. The McKinley
and Roosevelt Rough Riders made their
first appearance in neat khaki uniforms
They acted as escort to the speaker and
the Reception Committee. : • :
The meeting was presided over by Hon.
W. G. Lorlgan. who made a brief but
pqinted speech irl introducing- Judge Ben
son. The address by the latter was given
earnest : and enthusiastic attention
throughout. Several times the audience
was carried away by. the speaker's'elo
quence and his speech was interrupted
while three cheers were given for Mc-
Klnley, Roosevelt and the Republican
party. A thrilling story of Roosevelt at
San Juan, repeated by the speaker as It
was related to him by an eye-witness,
was particularly effective and brought
forth rousing, cheers. ." -«r'
Coombs Discusses "Imperialism."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RED BLUFF, Oct. 2.— Hon. Frank L.
Coombs to-night discussed the issues of
the campaign at a largely attended meet-:
Ing here. The paramount question, de
clared Mr. Coombs, was whether the peo-
I pie were satisfied with present conditions
or desired to return to the days of gloom
and disaster experienced under the -last
Democratic administration. "Imperial
ism" was discussed and Bryan's declara
tion as to what he would do . with the
Philippines was analyzed, the speaker
showing that Bryan's plan was more like
.imperialism than the. present course of
our Government. »
Names Senatorial Candidate.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
SAN JOSE. Oct.*2.^The Socialist Labor
party nominated G. P. Ross of Willow
Glen for Senator in the Thirty-first Sen
atorial District at its convention held last
evening. Other nominations are: Assem
blymen — Fifty-fourth District. Oscar
Knutson of Morelarld: Fifty-fifth District,
E. B. Mercadler of San Jose: Fifty-sixth
District. C. H. Fread of Morgan Hill. Su
pervisors—Second District. Fred Hanraun;
Third District. E. E. Rowner.
Shortridge at San Luis Obispo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Oct. 2.—Republi
cans here held a grand rally last -night.
Samuel M. Shortrldge was the principal
speaker. Mr. Shortrldge won the sym
pathy of the audience. He spoke of our
present prosperity and the conditions
which brought It ' about.* He : referred
to the absence of free soup-houses, 'the
scarcity of men hunting for*work, the
great balance of trade ln w favor . of
America. '¦ .
Talks to Yountville Veterans.
S»peolal Dispatch to The- Call."
NAPA, Oct. 2.-Hon. D. E. McKinlay of
Santa Rosa addressed the veterans at the
Home at Yountville to-nleht. . It was the
first meeting held there this campaign and
was largely attended. . Mr. McKlnlay was
sent by the Republican Sta.te Central
Committee.
> . •
Napa County s Registration.
Special t>l»pateh to The Call. .
NAPA. Oct. 2.— The' .registration In the
twenty-seven precincts of Napa County
m» given out by County Clerk Collins, is
4100. This is about the name, as it wan in
18SS. A heavy vote is expected in Novem
ber. .
Pasadena Hears McLachlan.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
PASADENA. Oct. 2.— James McLachlan,
nominee for Congress from the Sixth Dis
trict, opened his campaign here, to-night.
The Americus Club paraded. Mr. Mc-
I,acrilfin'3 speech was frequently inter
rupted by uproarous applause.
Member of the Alumni to Visit the
Principal Towns and Explain
the Danger "Confronting
the University. .
FUiND WILL BE CONTRIBUTED.
Working lor the Success
of. the Constitutional
Amendment.
STAHFOED MEN
ADOPT A PLAN
OF CAMPAIGN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA. Oct. 2.— Ventura Is thronged
with people who are enjoying the festivi
ties of fair week. From the Hotel Rose.
at the head of Main street, westward to
the mission Church of San Buenaventura
the view was maKniflcent to-night. There
were innumerable, strings of colored In
candescent lamps strung across the street,
strings of small colored flags were- In
abundance p.nd large flags were suspended
every few hundred feet. Attractive booth3
of all varieties and designs line bo f h sides
of the street for blocks. • . • _.
. The street fair becan this evening wltn
the coror.atton of Mla« Bertha Koth «<*
queen. Qut-en Bertha and her attendants
..'irrivedih carriers at the throne at «.*•>
o'clock and were srreeteil bj'.the shouts of
tne multitude! The" Ferris Indian School
band supplied music. Kight courtiers
were assigned to their places by the digni
fied mastfr. of ceremonies, L. B, Slosson,
r.::d then the queen, assisted by her prime
minister, t). A. Webster. 1 ascended to the
throne. Next, eijtht maids of honor came
forward, bowed to the queen and took
their seats beside her majesty. Two little
" j>a?es. Misses Schilllng.iberg and Kauff
man. at tended the queen. : :
' Qu«en Bertha- was crowned by two Ilttie
"maids, the Misses Jones ¦ and. Oandolf->.
i This was the signal for tremendous ap
'¦¦ plause. and the shooting of rockets, the
blowing of whistles, the ringing of bell3
nr.d' the flrins of cannon followed. Her
majesty Rracefully knlshted Prime Miii
isteT Webster. aTid he read the royal proc
lamation that the reign of Queen Bertha
wa? to be one of joy and pleasure. Mayor
Collins paid hi.-, respects to the throne ami
presented the golden key to. Ventura-by
fie-Sea. . : . ¦ ' ¦' : ¦- .
Eighteen«hildren appeared and gave a*i
excellent <?5kowalk. Hon. John G. Mott
of Los Angeles .delivered an address, lu
v.h'eh the enterprise of the local mer
chants' Wa? warmly commended. Mayor
Stork of Santa Barbara also spoke briefly.
The evening. programme was concluded
with a vaudeville enow. . :
The queen's throne is located on Oak
stret. north of Main. Dlrectly
opposlte Is the ' grand stand, with a
seating capacity of SpO. The costumes
worn by the- queen and attendants were
those of the Louis XVI period. The maids
of honor were attired in Watteau shep
herdess gowns. • . •
At 4 o'clock this afternoon a reception
I was tendered to distinguished guests and
speakers at the women's- headquarters.
The -main attraction to-morrow will be tha
races at .Agricultural Park under the di
rection of the Thirty-first District Asso
ciation. - • • :.-..
Mayor Collins Surrenders the Golden
Key .to the City and tho
Beign of Revelry Is
: Begun. ;' • ' . *>J J-
¦ . • • — ¦ — ..
PRETTY CORONATION CEREMONIES.
VENTURA DOES
HONOR TO FAIR
QUEEN BERTHA
Carnival Visitors Throng
the Gayly Decorated
BECOMES fl MAN OF MYSTERY WHILE
TRYING TO MASTER A BIKE IN THE PARK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJL*^ WEDNESDAY, 'OCTOBER 3, 1900.
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A I I A I #% Hunters' Equipments,
MlaalC 1 Fishi "S Tackle. Athlet-
¦ «¦ I lli lc G °oda. etc Bedrock
IllSiaqil Prices. Semi for- Cat-
W W I m Vr alosruo. GEO. W
SHREVE, 739 Market «U
His Homeopathic Remedies are 45 trt«4
and proven s«p«clnc«. plainly labeled, easy
to take. No taJJure. no d«lay. no expert-
merit, no poisonous drugs. All druggists
sell them. A separate cure Tor. each dis-
ease- Mostly 25 cents a v!al. See or writ*
Dr. Paul DeFord» the Eminent European.
Graduate, for free xxvedlcai advice. 175 N.
Spring St., Room* 2 and 3. Lo»Ang»l«s. Cal.
Remedies mailed. Vo ar.v address. po»t-
pald. on receipt of prica
Mrs: Clinton P. Reese. Long Beach, C»l.l
I Was afflicted for : fifteen years w!th a.
chronic cough and asthma, To.say that I
tried 6veryt.hlni3 is rr.lUl. Tor the- b««t J>hy-
eicians In America failed, .utterly even to'
alleviate my misery. In despair and with
no •expectation of relief, having been in-
duced by a • friend. I tried Dr. D«For<S"«
Couirh Cure and-aisa his Asthma .Cure.
Sufficient, to say that the first few closes
of these ren>?<lle9 mad« a chang* tak« pLa.cs
and aTt«r a short perseverance 1 am en-
tirely free o? ai: cough.. My a*:hma Is
gone. I can walk meat any distance, evert
up a 'hill without distress; can He low and
sleep, have &a!r.<"A flesh ar»c. strength won-
derfully. and., in fact, am really a well
woman aga!ri. I give all praise to Dr. De-
Ford and hixxrand cMaeovery ot hi» Inter-
mediate Haiaeoapthic Remedies. : .- ...
AND
DR. MEYERS & CO.
f*S$ -^sauisJL Established
• ™ ,' wy^ * Son Francisco.PURSER E. A. HODSON OF
THE MOANA. WHO WILL
TRANSFER TO THE SIERRA.
NOTE. — The hleh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
th« height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Ccast and Geodetic Sun-ey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bav. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon - and Tide.
TO SAIL.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3.
6un rises 6:06
Hun sets 5:50
Moon sets 0:17 a. m.
Uatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
. The Gardiner City will loa/1 merchandlM for
frTonotaln; the John G. North, rnTchan<lise for
Honolpu.
• -. ¦_ - — ?•— >
¦ Merchandise for the Orient.
. Th? "steamer Oty. of Rio de Janeiro sailed
yesterday for Japan and China with cargo as
.tcSkrwrt; For Japan. $31,751; for China, $79,431;
: fcr Manila.- |18.«S2: for Korea. JS95; for East
. ln<iir-K^ ttSa; for Vladlvomfok. K0« " Totaj
¦ vnlue. 5133.746. ¦ The- cargo Included the (ollow-
For Japan— li pkjrs aKricultural Implements,
e cf .bc<-.ki>. 2S.lb4 butter. 12M lb? dried fruit.
ii, 0 "- 40 " • roo 'l'- » PkK" electrical poods. 600
t>bl* flour. T hn fruit. 334 jikrs Krocerire and
rrwlwoh., 1SK7 fb« 1 2 pk K8 hop*. 53 c" harVi
»are, is ce lamp K<*c<l*. €> rolls leather. S3
plifE- machlnorj'. 224* It* oleomargarine, 12 c<
rubber boctF and shoes. 9- en rubber poo*'*, 720
n>« *u^ar. i cs map. 2M keg» aauerkraut. 17
tj^wrriterf. 2 cs varr.lsh. 3 c« watches, 43«
For China— »S2« ft* abalone meat, 20 c« im
tron'a. 6 cs brandy, 100 bbU beef, S bbl« but
ter, tU4. Iti- chcew, S cj cash register*, 3 c§
NITWS OF THE OCEAN.
••<j. a. tio<3sc-n. one ox the most popular
and efP.cicm pursers. that ha.« ever visited
Ean Francisco. i<? not going to sever his
connection with this port. At first it was
thought that with -.he advent of the new
Fpreckels steamers airiii the withdrawal of
•the Mcsna. Itorison would ko back to an
Australasian' -run and his friends here
would fee him no more. Everybody who
doe? business with the Oceanic Steamship
Company will b<* glad to hear that he is
to icrnaln on the coast. He has left the
fnlon Steamship company of Xe.w Zea
larjl and. will go as far as Honolulu on
the Moana to break in his successor. He
will then return to San Francisco on the
Alameda and will po East to take charge
of the clerical department of the new
filer. Sierra, .which will soon arrive here
Mr. Hodson will be-a- welcome addition to
tbe efficient staff of the Oceanic Steam
ehip. Company:
. - • — '¦ —
Water Front Notes.
U— — — 1 *
E. Trlrnbo. a .coal passer; lost. one of his
toe? atFolSom street wharf yesterday
He was watching some waste"- mat*riai
| being thrown out of the hold of the I,ee
lanaw. when one piece of Iron landed oh
his foot and took off- his big toe. The boot
End stocking and flesh were cut as clean
as though by a razor: • Dr." Dorr fixed up
Trlmbo's wound at the Harbor Hospital
Cuiinsr. the Ia5t three months the ship
ping Interest? In California have enjoyed
rrnarkable prosperity. ¦ • The follqwing
figures. compHed by the Merchants' Ex
ohcr.ire. pi\-<? the tonnage movement at
this port' for the quarter ending September
',' ARRIVALS.
i. ' '' : ' ' Tons.
Frrfm <1cme«lr ports, steam 290.541
From .domrsMc ports, fall ; 10*233
Frnm forrlitn- r->rt*. steam C'^'fsi
From foreign ports, sail • 80.2C4
Orarid ' *ot*l •. T?6, 675
.' . . ' DEPARTURE'S.
To ijomertic ports, neam \ ;«3.5*>1
Tt dorr»?tle ports, sail 120.231
To foreirn portn. mum. 245 005
To fcrelsn ports, sail .-. 77^073
*5fand total 721,270
Total tonnage movement quarter Sep
. ¦ timber JO .'..". 1,517,S>3
Purser Hodson Remains.
THE steamer Columbia while mak
ing port frcm Astoria early yes
terday .morning came into cr.M
tsiop with the ferry-boat Berkeley.
The latter was just leaving the
Esn Francisco ?ide on her 6 a. m. trip for
the/ mrie when the Columbia cam* along
under a slow bell. The Columbia had a
hole about seven feet deep nipped out of
her bow. while the Berkeley's was
out through to the huh abaft the davits.
The blame for the disaster will be fixed
by the Inspector* cf Hulls and Boilers.
As rear as can be learned the Columbia
was makir.c her way to her berth at Spear
street wharf. Captain Doran was In com
mend and had his vessel well in hand. Off
Meijrgs wharf he slowed do*n and g-ave
*iis regular communication to the Mer
chants" Exchange reporter.
Getting- under way again the Columbia
cp.me up as far as Jackson street wharf
under a "slow bell" and then the engines
were stopped. At the time (.6 a. m.) it was
almost slack water, the flood tide just be
ginning to make. With her own mo
mentum and the first of the Rood the Co
lumbia had a food headway, but the cap
tain- of the Berkeley thought he could
overcome It and failed.
The Berkeley. Captain "Jim" Blaker,
Railed shar;j on time for Oakland. Leav
ing the slip she blew one long whistle and
Captain Doran on the Colombia at once
answered. This signal m«r:u;t that the
Xer.-yrfcoat ¦would pass right along and the
cnfcwer of the Columbia meant that she
\vouM take an inside passage and give the
Berkeley the right of way. As soon as
Captain Blaker got clear of the slip he
patv that the big mail steamer was too
close to escape, so he blew two whistles
and backed his engies. By this time the
engines, on the Columbia were also going
full sp<ed astern. The Berkeley was run
r.!ng with her helm "hard a port" instc-ad
of "hard a starboard. " however, and the
re5iilt was the collision. The Columbia
struck the ferry steamer just aft of the
deckhouse on the port side. One of th©
lifeboats was smasned and the guard was
cut In • clean to the hull. The Columbia
was caught a* In a vice, and as the. two
ves=els swung together a piece about eight
feet square was cut out of her bow as
though by a pair of nippers.
The Berkeley v.-as taken off the run aj«
poor, es the Newark- was got readv for
service. The George W. Elder will take
th? Cciurr.bia'9 place on the Portland ruiv.
There wtre very few passengers on the
i rrry-hoat ¦ and hall of those on the Co
lumbia <iid not know a collision had taken
tlare until it was all" over.
For Souih America— 34 pkgs codfish. 20 bbls
mess beef, 10 pkgs canvas. 5 pkgs dried fruit,
14 cs caps and fuse, SOS bdls cordage. 226 js
canned {roods. S Mis brooms. 234 pkps Rroeerlea
and provisions. 2W) lbs farina, r>$75 bbls flour,
20 bb!s mess pork, 19,505 feet lumber, 4600
-*- » «
For Central America— S b>lls brooms. 4
firums benzine, 50 reels barbed wire, £5 cs coal
oil, 7D libls liiw, 1302 bMs flour. 11.635 lbs
pewder. 4 cs caps and fuse, 29 pkgs whisky, 296
Ki'.s wine, 12 cs hardware. 35 kegs nails. 25
k*it* bolts. 43.CC0 feet lumber.
For Mexico— 436 pals wine, 4 cs copnac. 7 cs
whisky. ".'• pkgs Rroceries and provisions. S-S
pkgs machinery. 53 cs paint. SC3.1 lbs resin, 9S6
'bs tallow. 2 cs t>pewrlters. 12 cs fuse.
The Kosmcs line's steamcY Herodot sailed
yesterday for Hamburg and way ports wl;h a
peneral cargo valued at I1I2.S5S, exclusive of
some in transit, manifested as follows: For
Mexico, J3SM: for Central America, JS411: for
Pouth America. S53.S91; for Uennnny. $3000;
for Antwerp. JGISO; for London. J1«.W>: for
Havre. SIS. 400. The following were the prin
cipal shipments:
?
Departure of the Kosmos Liner.
For East Indies— 17 cs liquors. 33 cs whisky,
136 pkjrs groceries and previsions. 74 cm canned
goods. €72 lbs dried fruit, 1 cs photo poods.
For Vladivostok — 7 cs arms and ammuni
tion, 2j pkgs grroceries and provisions.
For Manila— 42.088 lbs mait, 193S lbs hops, 2
coils cordaRe. 21 <-s stationery, 3 cs fflass. 16
I'kgs ink. 14 cs mui-llase, ?C0 His liutt»r. 2<wn rbs
cheese. 5 cs typewriters, US crs bicycles. 6 cs
bicycle sundries, fn eg fruit. 1P0 cs limes. 3
cs perfume. CCCi'i lbs bread, i'43 cs canned poods.
7 bdls epices. i0 cs empty flasks. 33 ,rkps gro
ceries and provision?, r.'.? Kals wine. S^ cs
whisky. 3 cs electrical Roods. 1500 crs potatoes.
1600 crs onions. 7 cs shoes. 7 pkgs ir.lsos!lanpouf>.
For Korea— 51 pkgs groceries and provision*.
5 ce household goods, 5 pkgs butter. 3 pkgs mis
cellaneous.
drur*. 14 en dry n>h. 9 cs hardware, S00 cs
canned jroods. 304 cs fruit. 2131 pkgs groceries
and provisions, C00 Tbs hops. S casks fpnsengr,
10.450 Ir-s lard, 6 rolls leat!i<»r. 2201 cs canned
beef, 4S5 tke potatoes, ly.^j lbs oi?omanrarine,
5 cs paste. 20 bdls chrirrips, Jl crs stoves. 10
cs soap, leuu Us lea. 7 >-3 typewriters, 20 cs
whisky. ICS cs M." gals wine.
BOSTON, Oct. 2. — John Gleason, sup
posed to be demented, shot and seriously
wounded Rev. Father Lawrence P. Mc-
Carthy, rcotor of the Roman Catholic
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer of
East Boston, at the parochial residence
to-day. Gleason was arrested. The priest
will probably recover.
Shoots a Priest.
The injunction is sought by Andrew
Haes of London and ether stockholders,
who allege that although the estate of
Jay Gould owns only some 70.000 out of
265,000 shares of the capital stock, it has
been controlling the election of directors
by the use of proxies, so that minority
stockholders did not secure their lawful
representation on the board. It was
urged that similar unfair action was
planned for the meeting of to-day. What
had been made the basis of the agreement
to postpone the argument could not bo
learned. It was said, however, that Mr.
Gould and thp Now York directors haft
not yet left the city for St. Louis, and
that the agreement probably involved a
postponement of the annual meeting.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— The hearing on
the application for an order to show
cause why an injunction should not ba
issued restraining Edwin Gould and oth
ers from conducting 1 the annual election
of directors of the St. Louis and South
western Railroad Company has been ad
journed until Thursday night by consent
of counsel.
and Southwestern Wish to Stop
the Proposed Election.
Minority Stockholders of the St. Louis
POSTPONEMENT OF THE
GOULD HEARING
THE STEAMER COLUMBIA AND FERRY-BOAT BERKELEY WERE IN
COLLISION EARLY YESTERDAY MORNING. THERE WAS A MIS
UNDERSTANDING OF SIGNALS.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
MOVILLE-Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Astoria,
from New York for GlaFg^ow.
NEW YORK-Salled Oct 2-Stmr Kaiser Wil
helm der Grosse. for Bremen, via Cherbourg
and Southampton.
Arrived Oct 2— Stmrs Cevic and Oceanic, from
Liverpool; Tartar Prince, from Genoa. Leg
horn and Narles.
BROWHEAD— rassed Oct 3 (12:55 a m)— Btmr
Majestic, from New York for Queenstown and
Liverpool.
LIZ A RX>— Parsed Oct 3— Stmr St Paul, from
New York for Southampton.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Oct 2 — Stmr Graf
Waldersee, from New York for Cherbourg and
Hamburg and proceeded.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 2-Stmr Ccrean, for
Philadelphia-
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 2— Etmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II. for Naples.
HAMBURG— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Deutsch
land. from New York, via Plymouth.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Staaten-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS
CHEMAIN-US— Sailed Sept 27— Schr James H
Bruce, for/ Sydney.
CALI.AO— Sailed Sept 29— Tug L Luckenbach.
for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Marlposa.
fronr San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 1-Stmr Alliance,
from Colon.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 2-Bark Levl G Burgess,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr Rainier,
hence Sept 27; stmrs Ruth and Dirigro, for
Skacway; stmrs Roanoke and Charles Nelson,
for Care Nome.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Sequoia.
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr North Fork,
hence Sept 30. Oct 2— Bktn John Paomer, for
Port Hadlook.
SAN DIIX.O— Sailed Oct 2— Br stmr Carlisle
City, for ?an Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr State of
California, hpnee Sept 30.
Sailed Oct 2— Br ship Centurion, for Queens
town.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 2-Schr Gem,
benec Sept 15.
HILO— Arrived Sept 13— Bktn QuicksteD. from
Seattle; schr Serena Thayer, from Grays Har
bor.
Sailed Sept 15— Bark Annie Johnson, for San
Francisco. Sept 19— Schr Okanogan, for Puget
Sound.
DOMESTIC PORTS
P^pt 2— Lat 30 23 north, long 132 30 west, per
bktn Quickstep (at Hilo Sept 15)— Schr Manila,
bound from Port Townsend for Port Pirie: all
well, II days out. wished to be reported.
SPOKEN
The cutter of the U S stmr Hartley, on Oct.
2. ricked up a flat-bottom sloop In Raccoon
Straits and towed It to Metgss ¦wharf. Boat
Is about 25 feet Ions, painted lead color and
one mast is broken off at th* deck.
Stmr Columbia, bound In from Portland, this
morning collided with the ferryboat Berkeley
oft the ferry slips at 6 o'clock.
MISCELLANEOUS.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 2 (10 p. m.)— Weather
cloudy; wind S\V; velocity 12 miles.
TELKGRArHIC.
"I have had transactions of millions and
can't recall the details." Westcott replied.
At this point an adjournment was taken
until to-morrow.
"You had transactions of $50,000 with
Reid and Flags and you can't tell us any
thing about them?" asked counsel.
The witness in reply to a question ad
mitted that he received $100,000 from Cap
tain Carter, hut he said he understood tb*
money came from Greene.
The witness said in an excited way
when counsel taunted him on his im
proved memory: "It is a striking inci
dent in a man's life when he Is accused
of being a thief. You know that
I am innocent and that these statement.-*
are lies made oecause I refuse to
be implicated."
"I never said a word." he retorted, "un
til after Captain Carter's sentence was
confirmed and he was in jail. I gave my
books and papers to my counsel for inves
tigation after your Him had accused me
of being a partner with John Gaynor." .
Witness denied that he was ever a part
ner of Gaynor.
Through the cross-examination counsel
several times referred to information
given to the Government by Mr. West
cott. The witness lost his temper when
the accusation was made to-day.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— Hearing was re
sumed before Commissioner Shields to
day for the trial of B. D. Greene and J.
F., E. M. and W. T. Gaynor to the juris
diction of the Georgia Federal court. The
cross-examination of Robert F. Westcott.
father-in-law of Captain Carter, was con
tinued. His recollection of transactions
with Captain Greene and others was veiy
indistinct.
Loses His Temper When Lawyers
Say That the Government Re
ceived Information
From Him.
Father-in-Law of Captain
Carter on the Stand at
New York.
WESTCOTT FAILS
TO REMEMBER BIG
BUSINESS DEALS
Customs Receipts for September.
Actlns Customs Collector Stanley Jack
pon announced yesterday that the Cus
tom-house receipts for the month of Sep
tember aggregated $568,777 78.
Closing Out Odd Lots.
Over 100 framed pictures and panel? left,
from 25 cent? up, to be closed out at nne
hali" the reg-nlar price to mnke room for
rew goods. Sanborn, Vail &r Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •'
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
the day. «he third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
are In addition to the sounding; .on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth Elven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
_ .. Tuesday. October 2.
and way^wrt"* ° t# Bran<lenber K. Hamburg
Stmr Cooa Bay, Nopander. Newport
Stmr Sunol. Green. Needle Rock, with schr
Alexander in tow.
Stmr Noj'o, Johnnon. Fnrt Ilra-K
gtmr Shellkof. Klllson. Point Arena,
Stmr C5ty of nio de Janeiro. Ward, Hong
konir and lokohama. via Honolulu
Stmr Westport. Ericsson, Bear Harbor.
Ftmr Glnsy. Inland, Santa Cruz
Stmr Whltesboro, OUen
Br ship Cambrian Hills. Evan*. Qumutovn
"r R ehr Alexander. Kalb. Salinas Cruz, via
Bchr Mildred, Klnd!!n. Seattle.
Schr Sacramento. Gruggel. filuslaw River.
SAILED.
CLKARED.
Tuesday, October 2.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro,. Ward, Hone
konir. etc.: P M S S Co.
Ger stmr Alerla. Knuth. Taku; W R Grace
Briif Galilee, Dinsmor*. Tahiti: M Turner.
Bchr Hel»n. Chrlstlensen, Honolulu; Wil
liams. Dlmond & COj
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. October 2.
Stmr Shellkof. Ellison, 76 hours from Seattle.
Ptmr Scctla, Walvls, 23 hours from Rock
port.
Ptmr Corona. Glelow. 60 hours from San
Diepo end way ports.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. 534 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41Vj hours.
Stmr George Loomls, Bridgett, 40 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Empire. Margenn. 64 hrs frm Coos Hay.
Ptmr Matteawan. Croscup. So hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Kvichak," Nelson. 4 days from Seattle.
Schr Iyiuifa D. Dickson. R days from Seattle.
Schr Western Home, Christiansen, 2<4 days
from Coos Bay.
Shipping- Intelligence.
.j. .5.
lbs lard, 9 bbls lime, 19.1S0 lbs malt.
11 bdln pipe. 18 os paint. 11 pkgs machin
ery. 5WW Tbs powder. 50 ors onlonc. 1000 railroad
tlep. S60 bdl5 shookF. 5 bdls f-plce, 580 cs sal
mon, 15 m turpentine. 56 pkRS tea, 133.2S0 tbo
tallcw. 2000 ctl» wheat. MSt pals wln<».
In transit for South America— S02.S») lt>s 500
tor.s lead concentrates and 120 pkgis tea, valued
at IS3.544
For Himburg- 3C0 bbls asphaltum, 4 cs
h»rh5. €0 cj> "trained honey. 8 rolls leather, 7
cs canned goods. 5 pki?s ilrled fruit. 5S gals 7
cs wine. 20 pkgR Krocorles and provisions.
for. Bremen— 20 cs (trooerW»K and provlsiona.
For Havre — 42O.'*9 lbs tallow.
For Antwerp— 43 pkgs cascara, 83,733 lbs tal
low.
For London-«00 lbs hops. €3.136 lbs coffee.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1900.
Large Piece Nipped From Ocean
; Boat's Bow, but She Man
¦¦ ";¦'. ages to Reach Dock.
Ferry- Boat Not Much Damaged,
but It Wiil Cost a Large Sum
to Repair Columbia. . '
Portland Steamer Making Her Way to Her Dock Under a Slow Bell
and the Berkeley Leaving on Her Regular 6 A. M. Trip,
: i- - : ; When the. Vessels Collided.
PERKELEY AND COLUMBIA COME
TOGETHER OFF FERRY SLIP
5
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 3. 10 am I Pier 13
Iaqua Humboldt Oct. 3. 4 pm Pier 2
Moana Australia Oct. 3. 9 pm Pier 7
Coq. River. Grays Harbor Oct. 3
W. KrugerlTillamook Oct. 3, 3 pm Pier 2
Kmplre ICoos Bay Oct. 4. 10 am Pier U
D<?1 Xort«.. I Portland (Oct. 4. 8 am Pier 20
Moana I Australia. . Oct. 4. 9 pm Pier 7
l.akrrif jHumboldt Oct. 4, 12 m Pier 2
Walla W... (Victoria. ...... Oct. 4, 11 am Pier 9
Corona — jSan Dlegro Oct. 4, 11 am Pier U
Pomona ...|Humbol<it Oct. !», 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 5. 11 am Pier 24
Bonlta Newport Oct. 6. 11 am Pier 24
Curacao ... Mexico Oct. 7, 10am Pier 11
NewburK .. Grays Harbor Oct. ' S |
City Sydney New York.... Oct. 8. 12 m PMSS
Pt. Arena.|Polnt Arena. .|Oct. 8, 2 pm Pier 2
Umatilla ..|Vlctorla lOct. 8. 11 am Pier 9
Santa RosalSan Dlejro lOct. R, 11 am Pier 11
North Forkj Humboldt (Oct. 9, 9 am Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa [Oct. 9
Arcata ....[Coos Bay [Oct. 9. 12 m Pier 13
Steamer. | From. I Due.
i _i
Queen ' Spattle '|Oct. 3
Titanla Nanatmo Oct. 3
Luella Caspar Oct. 3
Iaqua Newport Oct. 3
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 3
Crescent City.. Cr*i<cent City Oct. 4
Bonlta Newport Oct. ' 4
Point Arena Point Arena Oct. 4
Carlisle City ... China and Japan Oct. 4
Umatilla Victoria Oct. 5
North Fork Humboldt. ]Oct. 6
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. t
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. «
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 6
Ranler Seattle Oct. 7
State of Cal... Portland Oct. 7
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 8
NewburK San Pedro Oct. 8
San Jos* Npw York Oct. f
America Maru.. [China and Japan Oct. 9
Australia iHonolulu [Oct. 9
Corona |San Diego |Oct. 10
O ITlmel (Time) |Ttme| |Tim.|
» 1 1 Ft. t 1 Ft. I ! Ft. ' ! Ft.
<• |L. W| |H W| II, W |H W
S ... 0:27 0.6 7:37 4.7 12:55 ~lh 6:41 ~~\\
4 ... 1:20 0.6 8:18 6.0 1:53 2.1 7:51 6 0
5 ... 2:09 0.7 8:56 5.3 2:44 1.4 8:59 5 l
6 ... 2:59 0.9 9:32 5.4 3:32 0.8 9:59 s 2
7 ... 3M0 1.2 10:09 5.7 4:19 0.3 10:37 ft 2
8... 4:21 1.5 10:45 5.9 6:05—0.1 11:52 5.1
9 .. 5:01| 1.9 ll:23| 6.0| S:53|-0.4|
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 3. 10 am I Pier 13
Iaqua Humboldt Oct. 3. 4 pm Pier 2
Moana Australia Oct. 3. 9 pm Pier 7
Coq. River. Grays Harbor Oct. 3
W. KrugerlTillamook Oct. 3, 3 pm Pier 2
Kmplre ICoos Bay Oct. 4. 10 am Pier U
D<?1 Xort«.. I Portland (Oct. 4. 8 am Pier 20
Moana I Australia. . Oct. 4. 9 pm Pier 7
l.akrrif jHumboldt Oct. 4, 12 m Pier 2
Walla W... (Victoria. ...... Oct. 4, 11 am Pier 9
Corona — jSan Dlegro Oct. 4, 11 am Pier U
Pomona ...|Humbol<it Oct. !», 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 5. 11 am Pier 24
Bonlta Newport Oct. 6. 11 am Pier 24
Curacao ... Mexico Oct. 7, 10am Pier 11
NewburK .. Grays Harbor Oct. ' S |
City Sydney New York.... Oct. 8. 12 m PMSS
Pt. Arena.|Polnt Arena. .|Oct. 8, 2 pm Pier 2
Umatilla ..|Vlctorla lOct. 8. 11 am Pier 9
Santa RosalSan Dlejro lOct. R, 11 am Pier 11
North Forkj Humboldt (Oct. 9, 9 am Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa [Oct. 9
Arcata ....[Coos Bay [Oct. 9. 12 m Pier 13
Steamer. | From. I Due.
i _i
Queen ' Spattle '|Oct. 3
Titanla Nanatmo Oct. 3
Luella Caspar Oct. 3
Iaqua Newport Oct. 3
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 3
Crescent City.. Cr*i<cent City Oct. 4
Bonlta Newport Oct. ' 4
Point Arena Point Arena Oct. 4
Carlisle City ... China and Japan Oct. 4
Umatilla Victoria Oct. 5
North Fork Humboldt. ]Oct. 6
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. t
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. «
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 6
Ranler Seattle Oct. 7
State of Cal... Portland Oct. 7
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 8
NewburK San Pedro Oct. 8
San Jos* Npw York Oct. f
America Maru.. [China and Japan Oct. 9
Australia iHonolulu [Oct. 9
Corona |San Diego |Oct. 10
O ITlmel (Time) |Ttme| |Tim.|
» 1 1 Ft. t 1 Ft. I ! Ft. ' ! Ft.
<• |L. W| |H W| II, W |H W
S ... 0:27 0.6 7:37 4.7 12:55 ~lh 6:41 ~~\\
4 ... 1:20 0.6 8:18 6.0 1:53 2.1 7:51 6 0
5 ... 2:09 0.7 8:56 5.3 2:44 1.4 8:59 5 l
6 ... 2:59 0.9 9:32 5.4 3:32 0.8 9:59 s 2
7 ... 3M0 1.2 10:09 5.7 4:19 0.3 10:37 ft 2
8... 4:21 1.5 10:45 5.9 6:05—0.1 11:52 5.1
9 .. 5:01| 1.9 ll:23| 6.0| S:53|-0.4|
ADVERTISEMENTS.
803090 OB«a«BI«QS«flOa»l«aCB
• , a
0 ¦- ji« a
¦ . . Hnita Cream . . ¦
¦ Is a cure for all discolorationsof the ¦
J skin. It does not contain a single J
¦ ingredient that can possibly harm o
• the most delicate skin. It literally BI
? coaxes a new, velvety, transparent •
¦ skin to the surface, thus removing ©
• all blemishes. a
a Full information and a sample will ¦
O be sent for 2c postage. Anita Cream O
¦ & Toilet Co., 207 Franklin St., Los Q
• Angeles. Cal. ,;•- *
¦ • ¦ 0 ¦• O • O O D • ¦ 6 C B 9HHMM1
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST FIVE NIGHTS. MATINEE SATURDAT.
EDDIE FOY
In the Latest Comedy Success,
"A NIGHT IN TOWN."
! All This Week, Including Sunday.
Prices— tl. 75c. 50c. 35c and 25c.
IMPORTANT!
F. C. WHITNEY and EDWIN
TO'VOITOW KNOWINGS* Original and All-
Imposlng N*. Y. Production of
(Thursday) ,^ p^
; Morning Q U O
l?Sii VADIS.
THE SALE r>ramatlred by
OF SEATS STANISLAUS STANCE.
AND BOXES Staged by Max Freeman.
' -cT\Tt tub- Music by Julian Edwards.
FVENT 100 PEOPI ' E 10 °
B% fc ' N l SIX GREAT ACTS!
i OF THE Prices:
D ECADE!! i|tl.5O. gl. 7r,f. 5Oc. a5c.
*T i VOL. i*
REPERTOIRE WEEK.
TO-NIGHT and SATURDAY NIGHT
"CARMEN"
SUNDAY NIGHT and SATURDAY MATINEE
"HUGUENOTS"
moAir iv/c/fr.^ .."rAUST."
TOPULAR PRICES 21c and OOc
Telerhone Bush 9.
ALF ELLINGHOUSE Prop, and Mngr.
Acknowledged to be the funniest show In town.
MATINEE SATUnnAT— TO-NIGHT.
A M. " Palmer's S?:NSAT1ONAL FARCE-
¦ COMEDY SUCCESS.
"THAT MAN."
Presented by the Comedian.
WALTER WALKER. *
The Dainty Comedienne,
MISS MILDRED. ST. PIERRI,
And a Strong Company.
Vext Sunday Afternoon— The Record-breaker,
Hoyt'n Very
"A TE.X«S STEER."
From Madlson-snuare Theater. New York.
Popular Prices— Evening. lHc. 23c, 33c. JOc and
"So; Matinee, 13c. 23c, 35c and 50c. Phone South
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, Wednesday, Oct. 3
SPECIAL HOLIDAY STAKE.
C4-CL0SELY MATCHED HOUNDS-tM
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets at 10:13
a. m. San Mateo electric cars every 15 minutes,
connecting with Market-street system.
ADMISSION 23c. LADIES FREE.
j . ~~ '
SUTRO B«THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a., m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing, including admission. 25c; Children, 23c
» ' v*'. i " ' ' %
i j||& $ ee our extra advertisements in Thursday morning pjhers. .'*
| JM-Sato of Celebrated Perfumeries. \
* l\ \^^\ K M> Crown Perfumery Co* (London) Celebrated Crab Apple Perfume; also *
Jf ?/\s?*^OjR^^ three other popular odors; lj oz. bottles, regularly 85c each, 100 bottles *
£ j.| —^&Snfif only, on Wednesday ......:.. '. /}Sc $
g 3*^— J^P^^N Girard Fits Extracts (Paris)— High-grade Perfume in six popular %
ti f^N|£^^*^iY] ' ; odors; put up in handsome 1-oz. bottles in pretty cartons; worth 50c, special •'
5 I— J^njKgy'' 7 ' for Wednesday 3Q C $
£ Tinted Table Covers 43c All-Silk Moire Autumn Pflillinery. %
£ Veiy pretty Tinted Table Covers, 4 x40 Taffeta Ribbons, I4d. $8. OO Hats To-Day, $5.75, jj
*» incbe3. fringed in colors to match the They are the regu ar 23c qua ity. but we -r ne pal! 9ea . j . „%
X tinting; the colors are washable tans, secured 20>0 yards at about a third fon fca< p a3se d • jdjf °«
V;-: terra cotta, sea green, etc., the de- less^han usual price, and off*r them the experimental • S '¦ »*
* signs lilies. hollyberrie3, carnations. to you to-day th« sama way. All-Si k stiee and we aro UZyTvM/i'^^^i *
b etc.; they are" worth 75c each; Moire Tdffeta Ribbon, 3* inches wide, now showinr th> 'v^rSH'iiJlify^-- 2
Si special price for Wednesday jm** in» choice line of coloring for ceck- established '/C^^^^^V^^ '«S
£ only wear; white, pink. bue. ore im. mai-e. mode3 for Fall I^S^K^' 5^ *
i cardinV, etc.; on sa e for this f - w^ ar# Tni . fa one \*&££%? 5
$ Pictures, 17c. dayoaly;yard " m •; '" G m n Z F ; U e £ d W^W> S
% A nice assortment of Pictures, including TwO'SperfaiS in days/' Ctome^nd lw <- M? *•
diaing-room subject? in fruit and land- Cs*OUkery Department. inspert our Iin- \*?- 'J^> • ~\
J>* scapes, colored reproductions of Amer- These prettry -shapei mM __ -, ' ported Molels, ''-''' ' - •"*
J». ican Indians and the latest copn pict- Syrup' Pitchers in » *^^^% onr adaptations! -^^il^lg^.^.'' ¦ 2
ti ure. entitle \ 'The American Beauty/ very nice pattern cf y^TM our copies, all at • -.' ft
K is offered for Wednesday only, «y imitation cut gass, /j&X$§>&,}I rps'on^ble prices. To. Jay onlv, «3
W *>,**•¦£ ; «; V™ with !ateJ sprin? fi&fSivS&W)/ $S.OO— Richly trimmed black and cJl- «'
g Picture Department-Second Floor. to?; a EmaI , lot of jPJ^MCT/ ored hats, with drapes ard ro^ett, of j«
S -. ~~Z . then bought at a very Wg#M%3W ve' vet. black parrot*, colored trimming -J
h > Very Special Sale Of special price; would on na j r> the T(?rjr special _^- Tj
* Dress Linings. be J hea:> at 6;c each ; °a *»'« oe e pric9 •••' -•• ¦' *o Jc
*» in?, watered finish. 36 inches wide and ->.l r!^ "1 y Children's Garments. -*
I '°-^y°°w.p ; ry 3 r P d y/c |yiS.^,K FDr8ir Sn,« Jf?'.-I
?^ £>> __ . \> r « < - < 'v' c pecial sale t:>-day. tai'or-made cloth suits - *5
r iOWer Baskets. . V'+Vj They are worth nearly in bus. brown or j^-ay, S*t§T\ "¦¦' X
|K We have a lot of pretty Flowpr Baskets cJll)^ double the Wedn?«day fully lined anl hind- f\ ¦*Tj|\ *5
I, 31 /V with high handles t— i-y^ price; each 13 C somelv finished: . 1 o|« \S \
5? / —baskets thst can Su'ts that were -«IO. thU J _ L IW X
\i I ' be nicely decor- Roller Toweling, 6c. _ special.... .55.00 .jW . •=}
ig | at ed, ranging in A nick-up of 6 > pieces of.gool Damnsk bai ." that . w .* re **|- * h jf CTl U *
• price regularly r,i er anl Dish Towe ing. 19 inches *»v. Bpse»'... ; .S6.OU 7j I ,- \\ -J
5 from 2?c to 5'c wide, dose wiave. woven aelved^es, is Children s Dancing ft ;. t V %
X 3<Y^ each, that will be offered for t.ii^day only r.t tie School Skirts-Ex- (JO^ Jj
t put on special sale very special pri=i per yarJ DC tra wide 4 y^rdA finely "^-^r-.- £
l«> for this day only at — tucked, double flounces, \\/- ¦'•
i n %i<-&£ Wednesday's Offering body of cambric tiouncea W -g
J : __^^^ One-third off Groceries and Liquors. J f e Iawn; 3?ecial t0 " _J^ 7 ?
}*f -= :£ — - Regular Prices Standard Tomatoes-G>lden Rue .^ o ,. fi „ ; >r
|«f brand, today 4 cans 25 2 =* _' _ _L- ; - *
K !-/» ir . n . A nr% Corned Beef— R-x brand. 1-lb. tins, p . -,, -- ,,.. o > . »
% 50c Towel Brackets 26c ti-day .2 tins 25c Pnce o0c °° c 6)c fioc . 5
J? A hard wood. 3-arm B-acket with bras3 Extra Standard Oysters— Victory 9n/anf OnccoW nf< ?m>ilf •*
6 tipped adjustab'e arms; either oak or brand 2-!b. cans 25c ° ° a"ZT ?!„ OramaU ¦ .%
ji/ cherry finish; juitable for Towel Brack- Soda Crackers— Fresh and crisp. 1-S . <&OUp apoons. •»
*f fts or diat ani hst rack; *•%*-» wood box<*s to-day 38o Another of oar <jood pick-nps IS
J. worth 50c; special to day 2SbC French Peas - Imported Dmont'3, whi'e in -N<»t Ycr'<: 47 dcz»T R drerj-. *2
\ ti House Furnishing-s— Main Floor. sold re?u ar!y 18c. to-day, per tin. 15c Bros. "1847" De^sjrc or Smi!l Sou? ft
! Fancy Sweet Pickles— In bu k. to- Sooons; Dretty. fancy handles; heavy .•!
I 5f Men's $12. SO and SIS <^v.quart 2Oc »«pla p'ate;the regalar retail price ¦ 5
\* ?«H C»f/^ tffl Off Celluloid Starch-1-b packa-es. for sat of 6 is. $2.50; this lo t g-
(t/ rail OUItS, VU.UO. t0 _ day 3akgs25o special to-day only; set gj-^- •'
* A dozen broken lots, comprising hundreds Curry Powder— Cross? & B ackwe I's, of six K&Mm^SfM . ¦*
J^ of Men's Fall and Winter Suits, single botti* 15o _ _ — • m -5
\ti ant double breasted sack-coat styles, Scotch "Whisky— William Williams Salenaid Bargain lit °#
j ** plain and fancy mixed cheviots very old, re^u ar $1.25 bot.to-dayOOo Vfhit:ng 9 S Fin ti Paper* •*
j J» and cassimeres, good values at Brandy— First-class qua'ky, full quart Whitins'i p!am and rulei Writing Paper. '«
j«T their regular prices— $12.50 and bottles, to-day 6Q0 50-lb. stock, ii ocravj or commercial >5
$15.00 — now being q— Port nr Sherry— Oar 6y>ar-old. siza; 9"> sheets to the pcu.-d; on mw% -^
g» closed out at Wi%fO $1.50 a galioa qua.ity. to-day.5/*OO special sale Wednesday only: lb B&C '^
».* — ; : '¦ rrr *«
£ Lady Bird/' two new songs be- g^**** 2xn«3 g WM $17.75, ?.T > Bedro nSuit^
£. ing sune by this famous sinser 4&4>g<f^>gR Ifr ¦¦M^t tft^i> -ar^^ a% ¦». ¦*$ »-t $24-. 75, }2"> Eiameed £
»? at the Orpheum thh week, to- California's LARQEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. Bj d< at $ 18.75. 6-foH jt
» get her with eighteen other . Ricni Extension Table at •*
y popular songs and instrumental pioc33 will ba on special I $8*75 and Carpots at abou; 25 p r cant less thai regu- . 5
tf sale until closing time Saturday night, per cipy 19g | iar values. "' % %
•*f .'-...-- ¦ -. js
Pirr nni/ll Corner Fourth and
I.Arr " nllYAI ----r^
Uni L IIU I nu s r leat " an1 Lap«.
6c. Overcoats and
valises checked frea
KEW WESTER* HOTEL,
1/ EARN Y AND WASHINGTON STS -RE-
*» modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50e to $1 50 day
$5 to t8 week; Is to $20 month. Free baths- hot
and cold water every room; nre grates in every
room; elevator runs all nicht.
Between Hyde and Larkin.
Telephone Polk 1125.
fAIIMJLESS
515% GEARY STREET
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT
The Azalli Italian Grand Opera Co.
"CARMEN."
Thursday night. "TRAVIATA"; Friday nt*ht.
"FAUST": Saturday matinee. "CARMEN";
Saturday night. 'TROVATORE."
POPULAR PRICES— N'lcht. 71c. 50c. 13c: Mati-
nee, I3c. 50c.
NEXT WEEK-LAST ' WEEK OF GRAND
OPERA SEASON. '
GRAND OPERA HOUSE!
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
nov RHAW LEY pany
OXLT THIS WEEK •' \ : .*-.
The Great English Racing Drama, •
The Sporting Duchess.
NEXT WEEK "IN PARADISE.".
EVENING >'IUCES-lOc. 15c. 5Uc
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra 75c
MATINEE PRICES— lOe. IBe. 25<?. 5Oc.
No Hlsher.
Branch Ticket Otfice — Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY. Wednesday. Oct. 3.
Parquet 2jc, any Feat: Balcony 10c: Children
10c, any part, except reserved.
A MODEL OF HIGH CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
GAMILLE FARVILLE j
THE THREE TOIRIERS.
JULIA KIXOSLET AXD COMPANY.
BELLE DAVIS AitD PICKANIXXIES.
WAYNE AND CA LOWELL. KOLB AND
DILL,
MR. AND XinS. JACKSON.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. £Pj
TANFORAN FAIR
BENEFIT DAY FOR GALVESTON
DIG PROGRAMME OF RACING!
CHAMPIONSHIP POLO GAME AND
GRAND STOCK PARADE!
Showing Fine Horses. Fine Cattle
and Fine Turnouts of All Kinds!
Stock Parade at 1:30. Racing at 1:30. Polo at 4.
Miss Jessie. Dolly Dillon. Hazel Klnney
Claudius and Bob Ingersoll will go In the
2:13 trot.
In the *:10 pace Floracita. Kelly Rrlggs.
Myrtha Whips, Dictatress and Edna R will
be the starters".
Take 10:40. 11:30. 1:00 and 1:30 trains
geo. I^S^L^SSSi.^^-:
CHUTES AND Z00. E : B 7*£™;»
THE CONGO FAMILY,
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW !
THE AMATEURS and LADIES* OBSTACLE
RACE TO-MORROW NIGHT.
1 Telephone for Seats— Park 23. . 4
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORITJH.
THE EMPOEIUiL
AMUSEMENTS.
EVERY YCU UNS
NIGHT OF FRISCO
THIS WEEK MUST SEE
The Nl Y. Melodramatic Hlt» '¦ \ •' '
WE UNS OJ=
TENNESSEE
ORIGJSAL SCESERT.. SPECIAL CAST.
MATIHEES SATURDAY AND SUNDVY.
FISCHER'S ¦¦^S^.Ho.us*.
Moll and- Molton. Carroll. Robert Ellis. D*
Gosco Brothers. Antonio Vargas, Mae.Tunlsoa
and S>v Moving Pictures. - ' ¦¦' • : • :¦
.- . Reserved Seats. I3cl Matlne« Sunday. 1 ¦ .
DR. PIERCE'S 'Guarantied
ELECTRIC '^yfw tofceths ,
"We have belts as low as $3. same, a* others
fell at much higher prices, but they ar* not
"DR. PIERCE - S." It you want the BEST. »
belt- that -will cure without medicine, won't
fall to tieces in a thort tlm«. and which may
be had at a moderate price, you must ' bava
"DR. PIERCE'S." .- . •
Call or- send a 2-cent stamp for "BOOKI^ET
NO. I-"' Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
* . G3O Market Street. San Francisco.- . ¦."
Or 1145 Broadway. New York City,
A CHICHKTER'S CN6USH
Penhyroysl pills
B »-^7W m : ¦_.- Orl«lB»l mail O»ly ?.•«¦¦ uln-w
rAJr&k fcr CHICHliSTEH'S
tfl N^* :T "nr*\ la BCD "'' CoI<1 Bft^Io bom. vi>1
*^ 3^-%/«» lt! >l>i»«rlM>«n. Talteiio«ther. Rcfaxi
T7] gjlj IJatctrna* >aj Imlta.
I / , tn *!«¦•. Bay »f jour Drsjc>c:.i. or and -tr. !¦
I !" -ff «"«"»» P«rtl»*!«i». TfllnnUlt
VC». fp «•<!•? Relief for Ljt^lra.'n uriar. by ro.
— \__ V. A **r* M»IU 1 O,o«.«» Tw»ioioaUl«. 8oM t>T
„ '. «a I>r««Jl««». Chleh«»t«r <hesil«al C«, .
JlU? favorste
pESCRSPTION
JL FORWE4KWOMEJV. I
??VC^J** 3 **^?^! f^uo'i? for Uonorrlwrn.
V^^CC«E»NM ¦<H»tt. Sparmotorrhcea,
l&Zfjf la I to 4 4«t»- »a Whitsj. Doottarit t^.
JBfitrl ' Gaarmj»~a || charif^^. or any infls->m».
¦ *¦>! ou » winut. lion. . irritation or uwerv
yj^I frsTiatt tontaclaa. tion o( oncoas m«nk>
gS*^rH£EnM3 DtlBlCU C& Cranes. Nan-iutringsnW
\^^CiiCJ3!J*TUO.|35in *° ld aj
igsKV c ". a jt*?j or 9 * nt lQ Ol»<a »np^r,
f £j
VSS/33Q MAR^TiSvS?^§S^
BHiffi^ SAM C SHAPT^^B^ft
two qualities
iregaK /I-
SSL •?•' KkbuMAUTUMN CLOTH DRESS.
The programme was varied, there being
speeches, recitations and songs. When
Bryan's- number was readied the secre
tary leaned ¦ over . and whispered . In Gov
ernor Thayer's ear. "W. J. Bryan."
Governor Thayer arose and Bryan ad
vanced j toward him. The | former seemed
most cordial, and it pleased Bryan to
think that the Governor was not harbor
ing any malice. because of those campaign
speeches made against him. Governor
Thayer shook Bryan's hand warmly, as
he asked softly:
"Do you sing or speak?"— Cleveland
Press. ,-.;, .... ... . , . -
At a St. Patrick day celebration in Lin
coln. Governor Thayer was put down for
an oration. Governor Thayer did not
have a printed programme, and depende-3
upon the secretary of a civic organization
to tell him the parts as they came.
Bryan took an active part In the cam
paign in wjilch Governor Thayer was
elected, as a Republican, by about 30,000
plurality. He made fifty speeches against
Thayer. Consequently, after, the election.
Bryan was not certain just how Governor
Thayer felt toward him.
Ex-Governor Thayer of Nebraska par
ticipated in what W. J. Bryan thinks i?
the best joke on himself In his career.
"With Bryan.
How Thayer, of Nebraska, Got Even
"DO YOU SING OR SPEAKP"
Venezuela is at last coming out of its trance and
fca5«erting its. normal conduct of affairs, Twentv
prominent statesmen of the republic have been thrown
into prison on a charge that they were plotting to
upset the Government.
•r If the. local Democratic row continues with th»«
bitterness in; which it has begun, something much
more serious than a pictorial representation of the
Morgue is likely to figure in the quarrel.
Southern Pacific officials insist the recent
.Utah »Teck is absolutely inexplicable"!* The strangest
part of the affair is that the company was practically
indecent in its haste to pay damage claims.
Our Mexican neighbors who tore down the stars
and stripes the other day may have reason to leain
that Uncle Saranas a peculiarly emphatic way of re
senting such pleasantries.
The dominant principle of the local yellow sheet
has evidently struck in upon itself. Its discussion of
political affairs is superlatively jaundiced and dys
peptic -
Thus far, then, all is going well, but it is to be re
membered that where the calamity. is vast the help
must be on a corresponding scale.' The needs of
Galveston remain. The season of rains and winds is
approaching, and thousands of her people are with
out shelter. Let there be a renewed and spontaneous
effort to make our liberality equal to the demands' of
charity and humanity. The cry for assistance comes
up from a stricken people. Let us respond to it. ;
It is to the credit of the American people that the
stream of contributions for relief has not yet ceased.
Even the increasing excitement of the Presidential
campaign has not led generous, men and women to
forget the dread disaster that has befallen Texas', nor
the importance of providing ample relief before the
coming of winter. , Each day adds a considerable
amount to the fund. Many who have already made
liberal contributions find means to give still further
help, and others who have hitherto neglected to mani
fest their sympathy in a practical way follow the" ex
ample of the generous neighbors.
THE, APPEAL FROM GALVESTON.
1 I ROM Galveston comes a further appeal for
I help. It appears that the sums thus far con
* tributed for the relief of the sufferers ,in the city
and along the storm -swept coast have been far from
sufficient for their needs. John Sealey, chairman of
the finance committee of the Galveston Central Re
lief Committee and custodian of the funds employed
in relief work, reports that the total amount of money
received by him to October 1 was $781,043. Comment
ing upon the report the Galveston News says: "The
pressing need of Galveston is money with which to
shelter more than 8000 people now homeless and to
make habitable the homes of many others. Some cor
respondents have sent out statements to the effect that
millions of dollars have been, contributed for the re
lief, of Galveston — one published statement fixed the
amount at $15,000,000. These statements have led the
public astray and have had a tendency to check the
impulse to give because it seemed the requirements
had been met. But the real truth is that Galveston
has up to date received only $781,043 63, a sum but
little more than sufficient to bury the dead, remove the
debris, accomplish the work of sanitation and to pay
the expense of food and clothing, which the relief
committee had to buy before supplies of food and
clothing began to arrive from the outside world. And
in this connection, with a property loss of $20,000,000,
Galveston is called upon to iace a problem of rehabili
tation and to provide for the housing of more than
8000 homeless people."
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
COAL LANDS-W. A. S.. Lebec. Ca!.
The United States law says "that any
person above the age of 21 years who Li a
citizen of the United States or has de
clared his intention to become such, or
any association of persons severally quali
fied as above, shall, upon application to
the Register of the proper land office,
have the right to enter by legal subdi
visions any quantity of vacant coal lands
of the United States not otherwise appro
priated or reserved by competent author
ity not exceeding lfiO acres to such indi
vidual person, or 320 acres to such asso
ciation, upon payment to. the receiver of
not less than *1«>- per acre for such l:tml-»
where the same, shall be situated more
than fifteen miles from any completed
railroad, and not less than $20 per acre
for such lands as shall be. within fifteen
miles of such rpad." For additional In
formation t»s to manner of. making: ih«
entry apply to the land office' of the dis
trict in which the coal land is located.
BORN AT SEA— C.. Fresno,. Cal/ A
child born at sea la a native of the coun
try represented by the flag • which the
ship flies. If a boy is born at sea on
.board a ship flying the colors : of tho
"United States he is a native of. tn© United
States, but not necessarily a citizen theee
of. particularly hi case the father of the
child is an alien. When the boy reaches
his majority- he is at liberty to elect which
citizenship he will adopt — that of the
country of- his birth or that of hia father,
should that father during the minority ct
his son not have become a citizen of the
United States. If the father was a citizen
of the United States at the time of birth
on shipboard then the son would be a full
fledged citizen as -well ss native.
CONSUL-C.. Fresno. Cal. A Consul
must afford relief to seamen or others
wrecked on the coast, and at public ex
pense procure them the means of return
ing home, and take charge of effects saved
from such wrecked vessels, in the ab
sence of an owner or legal representa
tK*e. In the ease of the wreck- of a ves
sel V)f which the crew -was part American
and part English the American • sailors
would claim protection from the Ameri
can Consul, If- there was one at the port
at which they landed, and" the English
sailors from the British Consul. . \
THE CENSUS- T. M.. Somersvllle. Cal.
Some time during the next two ween* th-3
Census Bureau will pivp out the fi~urf-s
of the census taken last June, including
a!' cities having more than. 2000 lnhat>tt
ants. Until those ttgures .are given out
by the bureau it -will, be Impossible te
answer the question asked.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
¦:¦} '\\'c. shall; hot. take the trouble to remind the reader
which of these judicial candidates have been nomi
riaiedbythe Republican and which by the Democratic
coiveritipni ¦ It rriatters not by whom they were nomi
'¦¦rjate'C. \ It suffices that they are among the good men
whom the bosses of the two parties felt compelled to
pul-upon their ticket for the sake of winning some
t^ing. sit least Q r popular approval. They are good
TOerr; they are able lawyers; they will be just Judges.
T^o -their hands the people can safely intrust all liti
gjation that arises from the conflicting interests of
business and the trial of all charges affecting either
person or property. .Upon that ground they are pre
sented to the. public as candidates entitled to the sup
port of. all citizens who are willing to help maintain
the judiciary above parties and to preserve our courts
£-j temples of impartial justice.
'. vtt. is." hardly liecesfary to point out to intelligent
rneri how .irnportarit it is to the community that the
Judges «f our courts should be free from any taint
of polhicil T>ia^: They should not be in any way sub
ject to .bosses or to parties. They should be con
scious that .they owe their election solely to the con
fidence, of the; people in their integrity, and that they
are .not in ..any w-ay under obligations to individuals
•or ta .corporations.: They should be able upon the
bench- 'to r feel'the full independence of men who rep
resent the -whole, people, and who know that they have
only io be faithful, upright and just in order to retain
that ¦confidence t/> the end' ;!
v Of its -own motion The Call had already rccom
rnended the election of these judicial candidates, and it
4 s safe to say that many a citizen exercising his private
judgment had decided to support them even before
.The Call had spoken. Thus the action of the Citi
r.zetis" Republican Convention comes as an approval
aTidconfirmatipn of the public choice. That it will be
aV potent help in. bringing about the election of the
chosen candidates is beyond doubt, for it will recall the
attention of thousands of Republicans and of Demo
crats to the fact that in the election. of Judges partisan
considerations should have no weight with the voter.
The soje: thought of each sliould be that of selecting
judges, w;ho upon the bench will worthily fulfill the
important duties of that high office.
@OOD citizens of all parties have reason to be
gratified at the action taken by the Citizens*
Republican Convention in recommending for
election as Judges of the Superior Court M. C. Slos^,
\\. ;}R. DaingerneM, J. V. Coffey, William P. Lawlor,
and, for the short term, Frank H. Kerrigan. The
ticjvct thus made up has been selected from the candi
dates; of both parties. It is in no sense a partisan
ticket; \o party question was considered in making
the; selections.. The choice in each case was the result
solely :<>f. a patriotic desire to promote the election of
Judges who would uphold the best traditions of the
American bench and maintain with impartial justice
the riehts of all litigants.
JUDICIARY CANDIDATES.
The family of William H. Mills, land
agent of the Southern Pacific, did not ac
company him to this city. They will re
main in New York, the guests of the
Huntlngtons, until the latter return to
San Francisco latelri October.
Governor F. W. Rollins of New Hamp
shire wilr be tendered a reception by the
Union League Club at its rooms in the
Po.lace Hotel next Monday evening.
H. C. Austin arrived at the Occidental
last evening after ffour years of travel
through the Kast and in Europe. He is
on his way to Honolulu, his home. '.
James AV. Minturn of Sharon, qjie of the
largest agriculturists in the San Joaquln
Valley, arrived in the city last evening
and registered at the Palace.
Mri and Mrs. Edward Suhr and family
of Honolulu hp.ve taken apartments at the
Occidental. Mr. Suhr Is an extensive
planter in the islands.
Timothy Mc-e. traveling passenger agont
for tho Rio Grande Western Railway, left
the city last evening on a week's business
trip to Reno, New
Kdward Chambers, general freight agent
of the Santa Fe. with headquarters at Los
Angeles, is 1n the city for a few days. He
is at the Palace.
F. AV. Thompson, general agent of the
Rio Grande, has gone on a two weeks'
southern trip. He will go as far as Te
hachnpi.
Judge "VV. B. Gilbert of the United States-
Circuit Court in Portland, is registered at
the Occidental.
Captain George C. Rolter, who will com
mand tho battleship Wisconsin, Is at the
Occidental.
Albert Bettons, manager of the Byron
Hot Springs Hotel, is registered at the
Palace.
John W. Mitchell, a lawyer and Demo
cratic politician of Los Angeles, Is at the
Palace.
\V. O. Van Bchuvver, a Portland mer
chant, is staying at tho Palace for a few
days.
Major Thomas Cruse of Porto Rico is at
th« Occidental. He is on his way to Ma
nila.
Frank Buck, a Vacavllle banker, is at
tho Palace.
J. H. Batcher, a Sacramento lawyer, is
at the Grand.
w. H. MeKenzie cf Fresno, an oil man,
is at the Lick.
Judge James A. Gibson of Los Angeles
is at the Palace. *
II. \\. Ogllbe, a mining man of Coulter
vlllo, is at the Lick.
J. A. Chan?lor. an oil man of Lcs An
eeles, is at t,he Palace.
A. W. Bruner. a merchant of Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
J. L. Barham. an oil man of Antloch. is
registered r.t the Grand.
E. S. Delyolyer, a mining man of Los
Angles, is at the Palace.
M. Hirsch of ITkiah. a prominent lawyer
and politician. Is at the Lick.
S. X. Griffith, an ell man and prospector
from Fresno, is registered at the Lick
PERSONAL MENTION.
"Well, If the Shanghai liar 13 turned
over to Italy he ought to count for a mil
lion or two." added the Cross-eyed Board
er. — Pittsburg Chronicle.
"Italy demands 30,000.000 lires as' dam
ages from China," remarked the Observ
ant Boarder.
Trader — I don't know about that. If I
am to jud^e of what I saw in church last
Sunday.— Detroit Free Press.
Shrewd deacon — Go ahead; I guess
you'll not catch me napping.
"No use ter tell me! I raise en bo'n in
Oeorgy. an' I been a-livin" heah all my
life, an' I ain't never bf-en lynched yit,
ez fer az I knows."— Atlanta Constitu
tion.
In speaking of the chances of the col
ored man in the South as against the
same In the lawless North, an old colored
citizen said:
"Oh. no." replied the late arrival from
Chicago, "I haven't noticed the smoke;
it's the population you have here that In
spires me."— Urooklyn Life.
"And you say," remarked Satan, "that
you really like the place? I {suppose that
you look at the smoke and imagine that
you are in Chicago."
The author— I wish I had time enough
to write a pood book.
Mis friend— Why not take It?
The author — Can't afford to: I'm too
busy writing successful ones.— Life.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
and there you will find the free silver
bite.
The paramount issue is exactly the same
now that it was in 1S06. It is 16 to 1 and
lawlessness, sis personified by Bryan,
versus the pold standard and the security
It brings. I shall vote for McKinley a3
representing the latter.'
WILLIAM T. BAKER.
Chicago, Sept. 19, 1900.
WEDNESDAY......... ...OCTOBER 3, iooo
-,: JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor,
Address A'l Communications. to W. S LEAKE, Manager.
MA\AGi:ir«» OFFl'cR....". ..-.Telephone Prc«« 204
PI' BL.I CATION OPPrCE;. ..Markrt and Third. 5. F.
' ' . Telephone Prfsn 2O1.
EDITQ&IAL nOOMS.....21T to £21 Stevenaon St.
Telephone Yt+a* 2O2.
/.Delivered liy Carrier*. in On** Per AVeelc
: ; - ' • Mhcle Copies. 0 Centn.
. Terra ft by Mail. Inolndlnir Pontages
DAfl/T CAI.T. finrludlnc BanAirt/ene' r«V **¦"'
r>AILT CAUi <1nrlu<ttnK fawity). « months l.™»
PA1I.T CALT< dnclurtlTic Fiindav*. 3 months. l-W
:>AIT.T rAU^-fly jPlncI*. Month.. C3e
Ft'N-DAT CALL. On* Tour... ,. \-&
VEKXLY CALL. On* Tear. :o °
All poKtmaater* nre authorized to receive
: ' .- ¦ • . .'•miineriptlonn.
Sample copies nill be forwarded when requested.
MaM *ti*>*rrjb>«i In . ordering rhanee or" «ddres* should be
rarttruiaT- to give tmth XKW AND OLD ADDRE?S In nrsler
«o Inmre ja prompt, and correct compliance w)th their request.
OAKXaVd OFFICR. ......... . . , .HIS Broadwar
CBOnGR C- KKOCVESS
Wjana|er "foreign Advert sing. Varquet'e BuMding. Chicago
¦¦'.¦¦¦;': ¦y'i':y-:".-(limt : ;t)}stance Telephone "Centra! 2C19.")
:: ¦ i'-y yCKtr TORK 'CORRESPONDENT:
<- :C\ rAHLTOX... ...... -^ Herald Sqnare
V -¦ v : KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
¦.fSTEPHEV II. SMITH. 30 Tribune DnlldlnK
\'f:?X-~'i~X\r,\;.ys3ff&~lpOBK NETCB STANDS:
- tto*«<: -"A." Brentano. a Union Squar*:
Murr^rnui Hotel.. . ... . • .
-;¦•-• :;..-, CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
¦¦¦'-': ;fherm*ri. Jlou^e: P:- O. Nrwi Co. ;. Great Northern Hotel:
l.Kremont Hotise;. Ai;<51t-orlum. Hotel.' ¦ ¦•
\Vajsitisc:to\ <n. c> office.'. . .1400 r. m., x. w.
. MOHTO R. cnAVE. .Correspondent.
Hit i\ni OFFICES — -rCT Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
".:. until 9:39 o'clock. J"0 Ilayen. open until 9:30 o'clock. 6~
: ; ?.•; 'MrAIIlFter. crwrt ur.tM *:S0 o'clock.. C 1 .S I^arkin. open until
'¦;:[¦.'¦' f.£fi *" clock. 19M Moslem, open until If) o'clock. 2261 Market.
• : : ccrner iPimeenth. cpen until 9 o'clock. 1C!>8 Valencia, open
..-¦.'".' t'ntjl » o'clock. If* Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. eor
.'•¦: ¦ ¦¦¦ i?*t Twenty.*<"cond and Kentucky. of>en until 9 o'clock.
President McKinley is a man of mature age and
ripe and varied experience. His keel was laid on an
Ohio farm, back in pioneer days, and he underwent
all the hardy experiences and instructive contacts with
men Ahich'equipfor good and sound judgment. He
entered the army when a boy, packed his musket
in the ranks and won his promotion in action. It is
Mr. Woolley's opinion that he is a monster, and it is
Bryan's that he is another monster. According to
Bryan he is making everybody poor, and according
to Woolley he is making everybody drunk.
Much and well based sympathy is felt for all efforts
to save men from the effect of abuse of their appe
tites. Appeals for temperance in all things never fall
upon deaf ears. Even the intemperate deplore the
passion which holds them in its grip. But so far in
the world's experience we believe it to be demon
strated that men cannot be made moral nor temper
ate by artifice or by coercion. The saving principle
must be in the man himself. His self-denial and self
respect are the sole statutes upon which he must rely.
Coercive laws and regulations are inadequate to the
result sought. The more men are taught in this mat
ter to rely on artifice external to themselves the
weaker they become. Prohibitionists deserve respect
for one reason — they have the courage of their con
victions, and they put up a fight against alcohol,
whether the enemy appear as 3 per cent of beer, or
o per cent of dry wine, or 55 per cent of whisky.
They use just as big p. club in the fight against his
.1 per cent form as when they encounter him in 55
per cent redeye.
But so far when people have anywhere assented to
their theory and have put it into the law they have
failed to reduce it to practice. Maine has prohibition,
but the people are as far from being total abstainers
as the dry citizens of Arizona.
Mr. Woolley is stirred to outcry against the can
teen in the army in the Philippines. The testimony
of the officers and surgeons is that whisky, gin and
brandy are fatal in the tropics. No canteen, no beer,
no light wine, no post clubhouse for the soldier there;
he seeks whisky, drinks it by the dipperful and dies.
The Filipinos make a liquor which would make
whisky itself drunk and give gin an enlarged head
It is what tiswin is to an Apache and bolinka to a
Hun in the coke region of Pennsylvania. If beer and
light wine, whisky, gin and brandy are cut off from
the soldier in the islands he will fill him with this
native budge. The lightest thing it does to him is
to make him crazy. He joins the Bedlamites at
once. He becomes on oven; he is barbecued to a
turn by the fires within him. He runs amuck. All
the narcotics combined are in that tipple. It is
hasheesh, opium, cocaine, tobacco, betel nut and
chloroform combined. Whisky runs away fright
ened and hides when it appears.
Now if Mr. Woolley will tell just how to deal with
this Filipino lightning he will fill a long-felt want.
When the soldier can resort to his canteen he doesn't
want this enemy to put into his mouth and steal away
his brains, and his stomach, liver and lights with
them. Given his beer he retains his contents and is
content. Just why President McKinley should be
beaten for not throwing this stuff down the throat of
cur army in the tropics is what no sober person can
We have no doubt that Mr. Woolley could
go to the Philippines, not touch beer nor wine !n the
canteen nor tan his interior with this native lush, but
slake his thirst with the slough water of the region,
and all honor to him for it. But the army has not suc
ceeded in enlisting such seasoned teetotalers. They
are in the more congenial business of fighting
King Alcohol at home. Therefore, may we remind
him that all men are rot made alike? We must take
the army as we find it and do the very best that can
be done for the plvysical and moral welfare of the sol
diers. So far the canteen is a long step in advance
upon the deadfall. Let us not denounce and abolish
it until we find something that will surely carry the
soldier another step away from the place of hard
drinks and not send him backward to the gin bottle.
AR. WOOLLEY, Prohibition candidate for
President, is determined v to show Messrs.
Bryan and Roosevelt that they are not the
only peripatetic platform pebbles on the beach. He
has a special team, too, a marching club and a brass
band, and proposes raiding Illinois and surrounding
States throughout the campaign. One unexpected
demonstration of his tour is that his crowds equal
Bryan's at the stations and enthusiasm is by no means
lacking. Mr. Woolley's special object of aversion is
the army canteen. He thinks that President McKin
ley should be defeated at once, before election, if pos
sible, for not abolishing the canteen.
The army canteen was adopted as the result of ob
servation by the officers of the drinking habits of the
enlisted men. Nfar every army post there are plenty
of saloons, of the "deadfall" variety, where hard
drinks, of the hardest kind, are, available. With these
the soldier was in the habit of soaking his military
clay until it was wringing wet. The custom was
inimical to discipline, to the health of the soldiers, to
the morals of the arm)'. The question was how to
reform it. The officers, being also men, concluded
to try reform by adapting conditions to human na
ture. Being human themselves they put themselves
in the place of the, enlisted men and from an intro
spective study of the situation concluded to apply the
club principle to it. They advised the canteen, which
is nothing more nor less than a post club. In it soft
drinks are sold, beer and wine being the hardest in
the lot. These are of approved purity and- excellent
quality. With them the soldier can get a lunch, and
in the canteen can play social games.
The system satisfies his thirst for something be
sides the post water, which is generally bad. He gets
no brandy nor whisky, nor other fire water. He feel?
himself a gentleman, and responsible for the good
order and good name of his club. Without the can
teen he will go back to the deadfall, the drugged gin,
the debauchery and debasing associations, from which
he has been rescued. Vet Mr. Woolley has convinced
himself that the canteen is dragging the army and
the navy, the Government and the people, hellward,
headlong, at a pace chat beats the record. He wants
to beat McKinley because McKinley won't beat the
cr.nteen, and to that beats his drum up and down ths
tend and threatens to beat Bryan's record as a wan
dering evangelist of woe.
PROHIBITION ON THE RO0D.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN— No State
can claim to be well governed unless it-*
election laws are above reproach. Tho
South must cease to be contented wlt'i
present conditions and unite in a move
ment having for Its object full protection
of the citizen in his rights at the polls.
NEW YORK HERALD— A Roman's pic
ture cannot be used in trade without her
consent, nor a man's name, and the seal of
a college must be. equally sacred. Recent
interpretations of the copyright aets by
the courts are in ihe line n* doing sub
stantial justice and preventing adventur
ers from niching from individuals cr cor
porations anything which has acquired
value from their reputation or their labor.
PHILADELPHIA TIMES— There ap
pears to be a lear'en working: In public
opinion as to the character of the German
Empen r which lifts him from a turbulent
prirce to a. firm, able and wise ruler work
ing out the problems cf Germany's des
tiny in the way best suited to the genius
of her people. ¦
KANSAS) CITY JOURNAL— Should
Bryan \orf Indiana solely through the
support that has been diverted to Debs It
would be virtually paying him back in his
own coin. Debsism, as a considerable po
litical factor, would have been Impossible
but for Bryanism. . 9
PORTLAND REPUBLICAN— Mr. Bry
an's speech of acceptance, taken in con
nection with the plank he forced Into the
Kansas City platform, entitles him to be
known as the Emperor -of -Evasion: ' . ,
HARTFORD POST— President McK'n
ley's way is the better. By it a responsi
ble government In- China is more llxely to
be secured, and certainly, until the future
shows to the contrary. ; it should be as
sumed that the Chinese Emperor is will-
Ing and able topur.ish those who created
tho trouble. ...
PITTSBURG DISPATCH— In 1S96 Air.
Bryan made one prediction that has
turned out correctly. He said. "We Intend
to stop borrowing money In Europe." We
have stopped it and are now branching
out in the line of lending money to Eu
rope. Yes, and Mr. Bryan is finding fault
with that.-
CHICAGO TRIBUNE— The young men
of the country and perhaps a majority of
Its people have practically made up their
minds that a college education is a gooa
thins for any man to have. .
NEW YORK TIMES— This is the P.'sT
time, and it is almost to be hoped that It
may be the last, when the Lnlted Statea
has betn forctd to take an Instrument in
that succession of discords that calls Itself
"The European concert."
CLEVELAND LEADER— The South is
weary of free silver, of free trade, and of
the unpatriotic course of Bryan in. respect,
to the Philippines. • '-. ¦¦ - .
POSTON HERALD— So Ions ri9 oiir par
ticipation In tho solution >f what Is'prob
ably the greatest diplomatic <iuestion that
has arisen In the present century is made
contingent on the votes thrown at .an elec
tion at which the issue has rot so much
as beer, presented, we cannot hop« to play
the part which our interests, power, and
wealth would naturally accoro to us
ROCHESTER DEMOCRAT AND
CHRON'ICLE— One of Mr. Bryan's diffi
culties in Kansas is found in the fact that
he has to compete with two thousand rrew
pianos which the prosperity of the people*
of that State has enabled them to puiN
chase. Even a man of such callioplc piw
ers as Mr. Bryan may well be dismayed
at the prospect of t;>lkinpr au:ii«?t fwi.
thousand pianos, all in full blast under
tho hands of beginners. . . ..*
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
Mr. Loud's "ability" has been conceded in Wash
ington by friend and foe alike. Indeed it has been
charged against him that his ability has made him
"dangerously" successful in controlling postal legis
lation and promoting measures of interest to his dis
trict. He has been charged with ability to give his
district the best and most extensive system of rural
mail delivery in the United States. He has been cred
ited with ability to procure for San Francisco im
provements in its postal service disproportionate to
the size of the city; he has been charged with ability
to obtain appropriations for his district and his State
which others could not get; and when he addressed
the editors of the metropolitan newspapers in New
York in advocacy of postal reform with respect to
second class mail matter, and convinced every one of
them that he was right upon the issue and they were
wrong, he was even accused by Senator Butler of
being a hypnotist.
It is to the credit of Mr. Henry that he has not
joined in these personal attacks upon his opponent.
He appears to be conducting a candid campaign. He
admits he is not opposed to prune trust, or to
any other trust of which he is a member. He has no
objection to protection for prunes, nor for any
other produce of an industry in which he is engaged.
In short, Mr. Henry repudiates the Bryan platform
so far as it relates to free trade and trusts. He con
fines his talk mainly to "the paramount" issue, and
when he speaks at r.ll he speaks of "imperialism."
Mr. Henry is, in fact, showing himself to be a geniil
gentleman interested in the industries of Santa Clara;
one whom the county cannot spare from the walks of
business life. The voters will doubtless keep him in
the sphere where he has proven his ability and re
turn to Congress Mr. Loud, whose ability in state
craft is recognized throughout the Union, and whose
service will be in the future, as it has been in the past,
of immense benefit to his constituents and to Cali
fornia.
Against that sort of campaigning it is hardly worth
while to protest/ There are. "fool" speeches of that
kind in every election, but it is seldom they are ut
tered by a man who is intrusted by- his party with the
duty of making the principal speech at an important
meeting. When so uUered they become of sufficient
importance to merit reply, and it is therefore worth
while to point out that, so far from lacking ability in
Congress, Mr. Loud holds one of the most important
chairmanships of the House, and so far from beinj:
dangerous to his constituents he has done more to
advance their interests than any other representative
they ever had.
To meet the issue raised by the candidacy of so
able a candidate on the Republican side some of the
Democratic leaders have resorted to the desperate
tactics of denying Mr. Loud's ability and questioning
his honor. At a recent Democratic meeting at Palo
Alto, at which was present J. H. Henry, the Demo
cratic candidate for Congress, Frank Karr, president
of the Democratic Clubs of Santa Clara County, the
principal speaker of ihe evening, is reported to have
said: "You know as well as I do that Mr. Loud is
not a man of any ability and is unfit to represent, or
misrepresent, this district in Congress. He is a ser
vile tool and totally unfitted for the place— a danger
ous man."
DOWN in the Fifth Congressional District "the
contest is lively, and already there has been
displayed in it some of the \xorst. as well -as
much of the best campaign tactics of the time. ; The
•Republican nominee, Mr. Loud, has found among his
constituents the loyal support which in the past has
so often re-elected him to Congress and given him
the opportunity to demonstrate in the House that
high ability which has won for him the esteem of all
his colleagues and enabled him to be of so much ser
vice to his district, his State and the country at large.
His record has attested his merit, and he has there
fore h»d no need to make personal appeals for votes
nor to vaunt his deeds. He has been able to devote
his attention in the campaign to the interests of his
constituents and to the great issues of the nation.
In short, he has stood before the people as a national
statesman, speaking with Tile authority of one who
has an established prestige in Congress.
THE CONTEST IN THE FIFTH-
William T. Baker, ex-president of the Chicago Board of Trade and
of the World's Fair, and one of the leading Democrats of Chicago, has
made an open statement of his purpose to vote for McKinley this fall.
In a letter made public recently he makes a powerful attack agains*
Bryan, who he says personifies 16 to 1 and lawlessness, and is the
greatest "imperialist" since Napoleon Bonaparte.
Mr. Baker has beta well known in the past for his convictions in
favor of free trade and for his aggressive interest in the ¦work of .the
National Tariff Reform League. Mr. Baker says, however, that even
the Democratic doctrine of free trade has been abandoned for principles
that mean restriction of trade, and, through the Populistic attitude on
"trusts," "a "limitation of all successful enterprise within State lines."
HON. M. A. HANNA, Chairman
Republican National Committee
—My Dear Sir: The Democratic
organization has passed under
Jhe control of public enemies,
and no man who holds to the traditional
doctrines of the party is under'the slight
est obligation to follow the present lead
ers.
The policies that guided the party from
Jefferson to Cleveland have been side
tracked for the isms of Populists and An
anchlsts. Even free trade has given way
to Bryan's promise that he will "recom
mend such additional legislation as may
be necessary to dissolve every private
monopoly which does business outside of
the State of its origin."
This would mean, under Populist inter
pretation .and control, the limitation of all
successful, enterprise within State Ilne3;
not a captivating programme to suggest
at the moment when American commerce
is being pushed beyond the seas. -
The Democratic crusade against expan
sion termed "imperialism," is an absolute
sham, a silly and hypocritical invention
to divert attention from their revolution
ary purposes. Expansion has been the
policy and practice of the American peo
ple since the pilgrims landed on Plymouth
Rock, and no man who understands the
real spirit of our institutions can be
frightened by the phantom of Imperialism
which Bryan has conjured up for this
campaign only.
Since Napoleon Bonaparte there has
boen no greater imperialist than Bryan
himself. His will is the law of the parly
that supports him, and if elected he would
endeavor to rule the entire nation with
the same iron hand. Napoleon deluge'!
Europe in blood to reach a throne, and
Bryan would not hesitate to wreck every
industry in the land to attain the Presi
dency.
This talk of imperialism is like the rat
tle of the snake that hurts nobody. It is
the head of the reptile that is dangerous
CHICAGO WORLD'S FAIR PRESIDENT
LEAVES THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY
Says Paramount Issue Is 16 to 1 and Lawless
ness as Personified in Bryan.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLI., WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1900.
PROMINENT CHICAGO BUSI
NESS MAN WHO COMES OUT
FOR McKINLEY.
With King Humbert disappeared one of
tlio last great smokers among heads of
states. Now there remain only, as pas
sionate smokers, the Emperor Francis
Joseph of Austria and Oom Paul. The
new King of Italy does, not smoke, the
Czar occasionally smokes a cigarette; the
Kings of Greece, of Roumania. of Sweden
of Denmark, the Prince of Bulgaria, and
Emperor William smoke now a cigar and
now a'dearette. but very irregularly.
Are They Too Busy to Smoke?
(St. Louis Globe-Democrat)
The president's office of Wells. Fargo &
Co. in Ban Francisco seems to have been
turned into a bureau for the preparation
and issue of Bryan campaign literature
A packajje of leaflets is at hand Just as It
was sent to one of the agents of the com
pany in another State. aa . a notification
evidently of how he is expected to vote
These documents are a rabid appeal on
the subject of "imperialism" -and are all
signed by John J. Valentine, president of
the company. It is often charged that
Repub leans try to influence employes
and it invariably happens that when Dem
ocrats make such a charge they are the
first to, illustrate t. The director* n«H
stockholders of Wells. Fargo & Co which
is in the business of public tra^SD^ftltion
should examine this stuff sent out by VaJ-'
entlne and Judge whether it is the product
of a well balanced mind or marks the
cr ,?K k *?. a de 5 re ? calculated to interfer©
with ordinary business utility.
WELLS-FARGO BUREAU
FOR BRYANITE GUFF
The Board of Public Works and the Board of Edu
cation have been caught again violating the provisions;
of the charter. It might not be amiss for that wonder
of municipal government, the Civil Service Commis
sion, to examine the derelict t officials in reference to
their duties. .......
William K. Vandcrbilt has created a remarkable
precedent for the American papas of titled daughters.
He has given "his daughter, the Duchess of Marlbor*
ough, $500,000 as an offering of thanksgiving for th
safe return from South Africa of the Duke of Marl
borough. There are several other American mil
lionaires who would jjive as much for an assurance of
the permanent disappearance of their sons-in-law.
As a bascbajl player in the early 8o's Bryan, it
is 'said, had some remarkable curves, but they are
nothing compared to the grand and lofty tumbling
to which he has been forced to resort to remain on his
present platform.
This tailor-made costume is of amar
anth-colored oloth, of light texture The
jacket is very short and tl B ht fitting and
fastens with one button at the top onlv
The collar, and cuffs are faced with black
velvet, embroidered with gold. The skfrt
is trimmed with stitched bands • l
6
3* «s<J $• 00. all tfrngpm.
SCOTT \ EOWNt Lhtm-it,^:, y 6 , k .
Are they troubled with head-
aches? Are the lessons hard
for them co learn ? Areihev
pale, listless and indifferent >
Do they get thin and all run
down toward spring h II so.
Scotls &mufetcn/
will do grand things tor
them. It keepj.up ihe vital-
ity, enriches the blood,
strengthens mind and body.
The buoyancy and activity
of yemh return.
ABV2nTI3EM.ENT3.
A life-size marble statue of Apollo wltr
the head wonderfully well preserved ha*
been dujar up near-Athens. The workman-
ship is of the fifth century before Chrisr
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses* ar.d public men by the
Press Cllppiner Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. . . •
Cal. glace fruit 5V per tb at Townsend's.*
AUCTION SALES.
¦ •-Py 5. Walking— This flay. Horses. mX corner Tenth and
Pi J-aht Ft.re^t*. .
: .-By. Sullivan & Poylc— This day. at II 'o'clock. Horses, at
¦;;>.•/•. AMUSEMENTS. '
; " T^V^iriPurn— Va*a<5e\-Ul«. . . ' •' -
• : :Orar.a Op^ra-hou^e— "The Fr^^lnr Duchefs. 11 .
. :: ;.A1ca*ar— '"W* l*n» of ¦TenneF**" " ¦ .
: Tivnll— ••Carmen."
: . ¦;¦ «-VflM-inMii— "A Ktcht !n Tow-: "
.... <^a'iforr.ia— "Carmen." -.--: •" .
; .¦¦¦¦¦. A!haml>rn— "That Man.";" '. .
OSvrrpl*. rirriT Mason ff.A 1 ' ',¦¦ .•rr»tt'— Specialties.
¦:.¦ ¦Citutes. Zoo and Theatt»r— V«udevHle every afternoon and
>ve:niTrc.; • ; . ' '-.:.¦ ¦'. .'¦¦; •'" ••••¦.-
: ;: . T"lrfher'#— Vau<5e\iHe. : r" . ¦
•'-•... --.Futro ¦ Bathi 1 — n r<*n nlcM*. ., ¦
:; ..:¦ Tatifcran Park-Stock Parade. . .
¦'¦'¦. V'nt'^fi «"mi>— •••r- I'ark— CV«r»lne to-<!ay- .'Verdict of Accidental Death.
A verdict of accidental death was ren
dered by the Coroner's jury yesterday hi
the case of the death of John McCarth-.
who was struck and killed by a Mission
street car last Saturday, nlffht. . ;-•; :"•.
Wardrobe Trunks.
In our trunk and valise •department w»
have the newest things In wardrobe
trunks, bureau trnnks. dress suit cases,
traveling sets.- ladies' .pocketbo<->ks. etc.
Gold lettered free of charge. Sanborr,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
In Memory of Colonel Jackson.
The San Francisco Board of Trade, h.is
adopted resolutions concerning the death
of Colonel John P. Jackson, eulosrlzlnir
"his spotless record as • <i citizen, soldier
and as chief officer of the United States
Customs In San Francisco." and express-
Ing sympathy with his family In Its be
reavement. . ¦'• • ¦ :¦ '.. .-.
Edwin A. Randlett. vice president of the
Alameda real estate fl.m of E. D. Judd.
& Co.. while In the alleged pursuit of J23O
profit, has placed himself in an unenviable
if not serious predicament. Judge Coffey
has directly charged Kundlett with delib
erate perjury and vloiatlon of his trust
as an officer of the court. He has be?n
given until this morning to adjust his
standing before the court or go to Jail
for his offenses.
A few months, ago Jud-e CofTey or
dered the sale of a piece of real estate
belonging to the estate of the late John
J. Markham. This property Is located
on the northwest corner of Mound and
Van Buren streets in Alameda. The
property was advertised for sale by Sam
uel M. Rogers, attorney for the estate.
No bid being made for the property. U
was placed in the hand? of E. D. Judd
& Co. for pale. Last week Judge Coffey
was called upon to confirm the sale of the
property to Mrs. Mary A. Randlett. wife
of Edwin A. Randlett, for the sum of
$2000. Randlett was called to the stand
and under oath testified that the bid of
fered by his wife was the only one re
ceived by him far the property. Judge
Coffey confirmed the sale of the property.
a deed was made out to Mrs. Randlett
and the deal was closed.
Monday evening Thomas Doolin called
on Judge Coffey and asked how It waa
that the sale of the property wa3 not
confirmed to Mrs. Ellen Dunn, his sis
ter Mrs. Dunn, he said, had bid $2250 for
the" property, which was J2TiO in advance
of Mrs. Randlett's bid. He 'roduced a
contract to verify his statement entered
into between Judd & Co. r.nd Mrs.* Dunn.
Judge Coffey immediately sent for the
attorneys in the case and informed them
of the development. "It Is clear to me
that palpable perjurv has been com
mitted." said Judge Coffey. " and those
who are responsible for this Imposition on
the court will he made to feel the weigh*,
of their errors."
A citation* ordering Randlett to appear
and show cause was i«sued and made re
turnable yesterday morning. Mrs. Dunn
waa also suhpenaed to appear and testify
as to her offer.
Randlett and Mrs. Dunn were both 5n
court when the case w*s called. Randlett
admitted that he hart Mrs. Dunn's con
tract in his pocket when he testified that
the onlv bid received for the pronerty wan
that offered by his wife. "I did not con
sider Mrs. Dunn's offer In the nature of
a bid." fhe Raid, "as -he did not leave a
deposit of 10 per cent of "Hie price of
fered." \
Mrs. Dunn testified that she mnde the
offer as shown by the contract. She be
lieved something was "crookM" In the
matter, however, and r.ow. would not have
anvthing to do with the property. .
"I regret that I have not ft Hank com
mitment in my Docket." said Judge Cof
fey, addressing Randlett. "It is nlaln that
not only the court but Mrs. Dunn has
been imposed unon. Doubtless within a
few days Mrs. Dunn would have come
into possession of the property, and In ad
dition to your commission of $30 vou
would have made a profit of $230. lira.
Dunn will either pay the amount of her
bid Into this court to-morrow morning
or you will be held responsible for the dif
ference between her oid and the amount
paid for the property by Mrs. Randlett.
Judge Coffey Charges Him
With Breaking Law to
Aid Himself.
EDWIN RANDLETT
MUST LIQUIDATE
Tf this !s not done some one -will gn t>
jail, and I hardly think you will hav»
much difficulty In divining my meaning."
A continuance was then ordered until
this morning. ¦.,¦; .••.'¦;- - 4 ; . ¦
and silken broidery bore.** Pearls ana
spanglea ornamented coats and sleeves In
whimsical and extravagant patterns.
Great castles of the middle ages were par
titioned by embroidered hangings; alcoves
and recesses ?.nd royal dressing-rooms
were thus Ingeniously contrived by means
of canopies and side hangings.
While personal and household : adorn
ment kept busy the professional embroid
erers retained at. all petty courts, sacred
ornamentation also taxed heavily the in
genuity of the needle workers of the mid
dle ages. A favorite pattern for altar
frontals. statue . hangings and ecclesias
tical vestments was that of the Jesse
tree. ¦ This tree was Intended to- represent
the sacred, lineage of . Jesus Christ, and
was but a curious religious adaptation of
the genealogical fad which gave rise to
coats of arms. A favorite feature of all
forms of ornamentation during the middle
ages. It is thus described by Ernest Lefe
bre: '"The ; tree in full leaf . rises from
Abraham, an old man asleep belowi be
tween the Interlacements or Its leading
branches are King David/Solomon ami.
the Virgin Mary; surmounting all la the
crucifixion.". ¦; . ¦ ". . • ¦¦.¦¦¦ . ¦' : . ';
During the renaissance embroidery. Ilka
all the other arts, was largely affected by
Italian Influence. Venice, noted for her
exquisite glasswork. reintroduced ¦ solltl
embroidery of varicolored glass beads, an
amplification of Egyptian beadwork and
the rude North American Indian's orna
mentation in wampum .upon-. -belts., and.
moccasins. ••••.. • •• ''-:' : ..'.'¦. \ :-'¦'¦;:
Great artists did not consider It a vtola
tion of the traditions of their art to ma'*fv
designs for "painting with the needle."
The oval medallion sketched by Raphael,
depicting the "Dar.ce Round the Golden
Olf," was designed for a set of furnlfnrt;
coverings for the. coronation chamber; In
a similar manner were utilized an Ecce
Homo of the Rembrandt school, several
portrait pictures, and In Spain many adap
tations of the Murillo paintings. Many of
these Spanish, needle workers attained a
crispness of relief comparable to. wood
carving. This relief embroidery reached
such extravagant proportions during the
rel.?ri. of Louis XIV that it far outstripped
the bounds of good taste. .For Instance,
in the King's apartments, were caryatides
fifteen feet high, so boldly- embroidered In
gold that the effect waa rather that of
metal bas-relief than, of legitimate fm
broldery. • '• ".".; . ' •' •'¦.'•¦ '.-.¦• : /: -.'.' ' -'
Svch . extremes, however.; but lnatanee'l
the itrowlmr appetite for every thins lux
urious and showy. The costume became
a mere mass of embroidery. Not satisfied
with the thousand and one grotesque Ht
tle fripperies of dress, many nobles, with
nothing better to ¦ employ their time, had
their robes cut at homo and. sent for em
broidery to. the Chinese, whose finesse :in
that art has. never been surpassed. •
Queens and their maidens, air ladles of
leisure, made the novelties of embroidery
the'r pastime, and their statherinKS for the.
comparison of the newly printed rtesl en*
and stitches were but forerunners of that
activity which to-<Iay finds its expression
in club life.' Catherine de Medici was an
a<iept In this kind of work., ai>d exacted a
daily amount of silk needle work from n*r
daughter-in-law. Mary, the future Queen
uf Scotland. Mmr. de Maintenon also was
sn devoted to the art that she embroidered
all the time when out driving, putting on
her spectacles and . beginning her needle
wor"k before the .. coachman . started thft
¦Under tho rococo and sylvan mytholog
ical ptriod5 true nrt became more and
more debased. When the French revolu
tion closei the v-nlnTite eiRhtcenth eenturv
the oitlrer.s of the new regime found their
diversion !n picking the Jewels from em
broidered court suit?: then, after the gar
ments were rendered unfit for wear, the
cold and ' silver threads were sent to the
n-ieltlns- pot to be recast for the benefit nf
the new crnverrment. •"•'¦• ¦ •. •.
"When machines were Invented whlrh
couM produce rapidly the precis** effect
whlth th» hand worker aoliier«>d after
year* f;f toil embroidery hecSme a suner
fluous art and its decadence was Inevita
ble. To-day, .except among a- verv small
cl??s of professionals. It Is not undertaken
seriously, nnd the amateur work is hardly
worth consideration.
Xote — An examination upon th!.<» covirs
r.s a basis for the granting of. certiflcat^
will he published on Thursday. October 11.
HISTORIC STUDIES IN HOA\E FURNISHING.
(Concluded.)
BY MARGARET AINSLEE.
The early Gauls also showed great pro
ficiency in the art of embroidery- This
taste was fostered by Greek merchants,
who brought Oriental goods to the pe
riodical fairs held near the monasteries
and shrines of saints, so that in time the
monasteries became the working .centers
for the early specimens of this crafts
manship. Here the sister art of missal
illumination also flourished, many cf
those clolsteral designs furnishing most
alluring patterns to the embroiderers.
The Monastery of St. Gaul, Switzerland.,
contained workrooms for weavers and
embroiderers, whose handiwork was
greatly encouraged by the church in or
der to increase the wealth of sacerdotal
ornaments. At funerals, too, where the
bodies of the dead lay In state there was
great display of embroidered mortuary
cloths, the pall of Childeric being worked
with 300 golden bees.-
Charlemagne the Great encouraged his
family, court and subjects to perfect
themselves in the art of embroidery, with
which he was very fond of decorating his
huge person. His obliging sistar-ih-law
accordingly founded many convents In
Aquitaine and Provence, where she taught
all the inmates the intricacies of the
various forms of needlework. There i-»
still preserved in .St. Peter's, Rome, a
Greek dalmatic called the "imperial dal
matic," because Charlemagne is . sarfd to
have worn It when singing high mass as
a dfeacon upon the day of his coronation.
Entirely aside from Its historic interest
it Is of the greatest artistic value and is
regarded by modern connoisseurs as. the
finest piece of embroidery in the world.
In addition to the numberless small fig
ures of silver and gold embroidered upon
the blue silk foundation are the roundels
on front and back representing the last
judgment and the transfiguration, em
broidered in silk and. gold thread, and
considered marvels of skill.
In Anplo-Saxon England embroidery
made such great strid-s that it was early
known as "Angllcum Opus." Anglo-Nor
man ladles were a'?p rtr.owned for th!3
kina of work, the best-preserved specimen
of their Pklll being the tapestry (wrongly
so called) in the cathedral at Bayeux.
embroidered by Matilda, wife of William
the Conqueror, or by her near relatives:
Upon this narrow band of stout linen, 2t)0
feet long. Matilda and her maidens, em
ulating Helen's needle-working achieve
ments during the siege of Troy, fantas
tically embroidered over 1200 figures. form-
Ing a needle-wrought epic of- the conquest
of England by the Normans. Among the
various well-known early stitches — feather
stitch, crewel stitch and weavlnc. stitch—
the "Opus Anglieum," so Justly celebrated
until after the reign of Henry VIII, seems
to have been a modified chain-stitch em
broidery, producing a granulated surface;
Its facial depressions and dimples were
simulated by pressing down upon the
embroidery a heatefl metal rod tipped
with a small bulb.
Returning crupaders adorned with he
jeweled and embroidered trappings and
mantles necessarily exercised a marked
Influence upon the sumptuary arts, modi
fying the early, mystical solemnity of dis
tinction by a tendency toward the intri
cacies of emblazonry. : . u
Cut work or applique work, composed of
ornamental shapes cut out of silk. wool,
velvet or linen, stitched to a foundation
and edged with a gold braid or ornamental
leather girrp now came greatly into vogue.
In the more elaborate yet less artistic
styles the architectural part of the desisrn
was frequently woven, and the sacred fig
ures worked by the embroiderer upon sep
arate material were inserted in the panel
spaces. This method of ornamentation,
combined with graceful. interlacing
scrolls, was especially popular for head
dresses, shoes, eloves and other articles of
apparel. In the Bayeux Cathedral are
"two woolen mittens^ with embroidery on
the hands of two flguies of St. Veronica
surrounded by pearls." Of similar orna
mentation must h:\ve been Laura's dalnty
glove, which, no Petrarch tell3 us In the
one hundred and sixty-sixth sonnet. "Gold
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THE ART OF EMBROIDERY AND LACE MAKING.
The four Police Judges held court yes
terday morning in the Hall of Justice.
They all expressed themselves as pleased
with the new order of things and every
thing went along smoothly. The only ob
jectionable feature was that of taking the
"drunks" from the City Prison to the
courtrooms. Arrangements will be made
so that the Judges can dispose alternate
ly of these cases in the mornings in the
prison.
There was a rivalry as to who would
have the credit of sentencing the first
prisoner. It fell to Judge Conlan. and it
was a unique coincidence that the man
sentenced was the nrst prisoner booked
Monday at the new City Prison. He was
Frank Jennings, who stole a piece of cloth
from a store on Stockton street and was
arrested by Policeman Staples for petty
larceny. He pleaded guilty and the Judge
sentenced him to six months in the .Coun
ty Jail.
Judge Mogan was a close second. ICow
Comora, a Japanese who was convicted
Monday for "stealing a watch from S. II.
Collins, Kearny street, appeared for sen
tence before Mogan yesterday and got
fined ?90, with the alternative of ninety
days In jail. He was immediately taken
before Judge Fritz and got a similar sen
tence for stealing another watch.
WAYNE HARRIS WILL BE
TRIED AT NEW HAIL
After Completing the Jury Judge
1 Cook Orders That His Quar-
ters Be Moved.
Judge Coo^ yesterday rushed through
the work of completing the jury to try
Wayne Harris, the messenger boy, for
murder, and then prepared to move his
quarters to the Hall of Justice. The jury
1s composed of the following named citi
zens:
A. G. Klelnert. 1512 Post street: O. Walhelm.
361S Twenty-eighth street; J. Jacobsen. 13 Sixth
street; G. F. Buswell, IIS Main street; L. C.
Hoffman, 341 Eddy street; G. H. Wiley, 931
Mission street; S. Peters. 3469 Nineteenth
street; Thomas O. Dwyer, 3027 Sixteenth street;
A. J. Schohay. 308 Hayes street; G. Call, 26
Fourth street; H. W. Burmester, 1143 Market
street; J. "W. King, 1043 Valencia street.
After the jury had been sworn, Judge
Cook ordered all members to report at
his new quarters on the third floor of the
Hall of Justice this morning for the fur
ther hearing of the case. A corps of
workmen immediately went to •work and
within an hour the court fixtures were on
their way to the new hall. Among them
was an historic chair. A cross, carved on
the arm, serves to identify It. In this
chair Durrant, HofT. Cordelia Botkln and
many others who stand convicted of mur
der, or who have been hanged for, their
crimes, sat when the evidence a«ainst
them was being placed before the jnry.
Judges Lawlor and Dunne will move
their quarters within the next few days.
Japanese Ends His Life With Gas.
Sakuya Yasuda. a Japanese servant
In the family of Alfred Fisher at 2210 Pa
cific avenue, was found asphyxiated in his
bed at 7 o'clock yesterday morning. The
key of the gas burner was fully turned on
and the room was tilled with the fumes.
Yasuda had been drinking to excess on
the previous evening and several empty
liquor bottles were found in his room. The
facts that he had been employed in the
family for a year and a half, that the
house was supplied with both gas and in
candescent lights, and that he was
familiar with the use of both, lead to the
belief that his death was a suicide.
Raid on Tobacco Store.
W. G. Hawkett and Frank D. Worth of
the United States internal revenue service
yesterday seized sixty-five one-pound
plugs of tobacco, 153 one-third-ounce plugs
and six small plugs of twist in the store
of Charles Mattheas & Co.. 1430 Market
street. The tobacco had been taken from
the original stamped boxes and was placed
on exhibition in the window. The removal
of the tobacco from the stamped boxes
prior to its sale to the consumer is con
trary to law. the revenue collectors say,
and they will put an end to the practice,
even though they are forced to raid every
tobacco shop in the city.
Brizzolari's Death Accidental.
The Coroner's inquest into the cause of
the death of A. Brizzolarl rendered a ver
dict yesterday to the effect that death
was caused by a bullet from a rifle in
the hands of William Schoppleln and that
the weapon was accidentally discharged.
Brizzolari was shot through the head last
Sunday while standing on Telegraph Hill
talking to several other boys. Schopplein
was a block away in another croup of
boys. He was examining the rille and It
was accidentally discharged, the bullet
striking Brizzolari in the head.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Thomas Malcomson from Eliza
beth Malcomson for desertion. Lina Egcr
berg from Lawrence Egerberg for deser
tion. Ara MacLeod from George MacLeod
for neglect anrl Charles Powell from. Lena
Powell for de.^rtlon.
Suits for divorce have been filed by May
Oswald against Henry Oswald for deser
tion, Melchoir Slmmen against Annie
Simmon for Intemperance, and Mtibel C.
Young against Shirley T. Young 7 for cru
elty.
Seifert Wanted in Los Gatos.
C. A. Seifert, ex-secretary of the Phar
macy Board, who was mixed up in the
scandal created by the selling of answers
to examination questions, was arrested
yesterday by Detective McMahon on a
warrant from Los Gatos charging him
with obtaining money by false pretenses
from William Johnston, a druggist there.
A felony charge against him for doing
the same thing in this city was dismissed
by Judge Dunne yesterday. ;,"
Injured Brother Was to Blame.
Charles Pollitier, the boy who stabbed
his brother Frank at their home on Min
na street, near Twelfth, on September .2,
appeared before Judge Cabaniss yester
dav The testimony of the witnesses
showed that Frank was to blame for the
attack upon him, and the Judge would
have dismissed the case, but tne boy said
he was willing to go to sea and the case
was continued till Friday that he might
get a ship. __^
Verdict for Mrs. Doolin.
The jury in the case of Mrs. Mary
Doolin, who was Injured in 1S91 in a wreck
on the old Omnibus Cable Company's line,
which Is now a portion of the Market
Street Railway Company's systpm. re
turned a verdict in her favor late Monday
night for $7K>0. In a former trial Mrs.
Doolin was awarded 420.000. but a retrial
of the case was ordered by the Supreme
Court.
Fight of Rival Hairdressers.
Maude Blevln, otherwise known as
Katie Burns, the hairdresser who vicious
ly attacked Lulu Rawson, her former as
sistant and later rival In business, at
Bush and Eeavenworth streets last week,
was convicted by Judge Fritz yesterday
on the charge of battery. She was or
dered to appear for sentence this room
ing. _
Stole His Gold Watch.
John H. "Weber, 711 Natoma .street,
swore to a complaint In Judge Fritz's
court yesterday for ; the arrest of Lilly
Brooke on the charge of grand larceny.
He met Lilly Monday night and when he
left her he discovered that his gold 'watch
valued at $150 was gone.
Conlan Carries Off the Honors by
Sending a Petty Larcenist
to Jail for Six
Months.
Rivalry Among Judges as to
Which Should Pass
First Sentence.
POLICE COURTS
CONVENE IN NEW
JUSTICE HALL
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1900.
horses.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA^ RflYF^^rft Ehippihr Butchers. IM
JA3- DuIL0C»w'J- clay. TeL Main ir>».
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS,
Electrical Engineer. 3S Ea3t *x.
COPPERSMITH. • • •
C W QMITH Ph| P Piumblnsr. Steamboat an 1
W- TT- J.HHU Ship Work a specialty. U and
IS AVashlngtcn st. Telephone Main S641.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tclgraphte pARTBIDGE "•
PRINTERS. BOCK BIXDER3.
THE IHCKS-JUDD CO..
23 First St.. San Franrlsco.
FRINTINd.
F r lli'f.HCC PRINTER.
L- L- IlLUlinij. 311 Sansome St.. S. F.
PAINTS.
Cylinder A Lubricating OU3. Schneider's Mlnlnc
Candles. C. C. CLINCH & CO.. » Front. 9. F.
Rainier Beer bottled here; awarded med-
al Paris Exposition for purity and quality.*
WHITE ASfl SIEAM COAL. ¥A e e bEa^
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In tha
market. Office and Yards— 400 Main street
M^HgiTHE WEEKLY GALL spEcfnalDmrcE
f «rer». flourmlllB,' foundrlw. laundries, paper- - ¦ . : . . '„'•"¦
toangere.. printers, painters, ehoe factories, tta- •, , For the Curs or Gonorrhoea. Gleets,
blecisn. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. : tivt Al">/"<t7T\ TT4 4 Cl DAfTO <D4 01717 VUAD I Stricture* nntl analogous complaints
r BUCnANAN BROfe.. JlJNLAnuiiU 1U 10 irAur<0, JJ>1 riin IliAn. of the Or«ans of Generation.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St. | . [ Prl^ » * For «le by ; dru M !.t».
ATTORNEY. . v :
F. H. MEKZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Clunle b<J.
DIRECTORY
OFlRESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Maled
,on Application. .
HOTEL- DEL COP.O.VAl">O— In nink!n; rrn ; r
winter rlana think of this bpaiitiful country
hernc with city sdfantases. 'Ideal 'climate; ri<>
heavy to* cr rain. At' 4 New llontjr^merjr
strg^t. city, iret Infortnatinn and jpeclat rate<K
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COAL, COKE A>D PIG IROX.
J C fill SfiV R C 0 m Battery Street.
J \> 1MLJU.1 U WU-. Telephone Main 133 1.
OILS.
LUBRICATIXO OII>S. LEONARD ft ELT.I9.
41S Front St.. S. F. Phone Mala 1H3.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. P-tclfla
Metal Works. 137-9 First St.. San FrancUco.
OALVANI2ING AND METALS.
M'fc A Dealer in Mrtahi A Galvanizing. JOHX
FIXN METAL, WORKS. S13 Howard st.
Kg ttCDCuB o^£? vvwutf b> is £i c.^ij £?fii iur*/f flr flf HSrSffSf / j *S
p:'v : 'J^^^^^$^^% / I m ~^ i*® w shei W33® H
% wt^^^ % :^i^ / / ®^ §f ®$ &i$dl advises |1
ffj . ; f /^^//p&f¥ .months. I have a continual pain and soreness in my pi
H / jJ^y^Ty y /// Wk bcick and side. I am only free from pain when lying is|
1| * £ ivin S U P ever being a well woman ; have become careless H
; : i \ tl ff''Jv recommende(i to me b y a friend, and I have made up my niiud £|
H V H3i*®. PiiB2lk!fa&&®'® advice Mfs?s §|
1 \ '^^^^^^^^® promptilj? §*e®esv(®d> Ifcy Ms*®, j
M ilk Watson &?2gl & f®v& moBnifaB B&t©s* §
I Jii S^ e ws *^ es ® B follows s : I
to J0U thG beDefit that Lydia E ' Pinkham ' s VegetablTconv %
M time ' COuld Walk but a sll0rt distaDce > na(i terrible bearing-
A^^fAf^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Mm iliovar^- I used your medicine for four months and was so §
E^^^^^^^^^^^^m^^^^mS^ ' mU ° h )etter tiiat J C0U^ walk tilree times tne distance that M
tlian tW ° years ' and 1 know ifc is aU due to Lydia E. Pink- ||
ymml "I recommend your advice and medicine to all women |§
Mit3 ' Wai5OSi ' s te^s provo thai Mrs. Pink- %
r^M^^im^^^m^^^^^^^^m hsm ' s frGe aOvlee is aiways forthcoming on |
rGQ uest aB *d that it te a sure guide to health, ffi
Thsse otters are tut a drop in the ocean of |
ovidsnee proving thai Lydia E. Pinkham's Veefc- |S|
• * '\^^mk tmblG Cam & olsmS QVRES the His of wosneai* ~ J|
P^llj^^^^^P^^ ? J ft %^Kfill N ° ° ther medicine in tne wor^ has received such ||
ff^>^'* H^illi llilP^ %^^^ N ° ° ther medicine nas 6uc]l a record of cures of Ipj
v feiS^M^^^^^^ *^^^^^St^^^^ female troubles or such hosts of grateful friends. |||
•L^^^^M&'-'^'ft £?o noi bs * Persuaded thai sny other fl
®mBP^ •wMSS.'a medicine is Just as good. Any dealer who M
f^^^^^m/^^i^ \ su B^osts something else has no interest in p
youroase ' He Ss seeMn 9 a larger prof it. M
Follow the record of this medicine and remember fe
that theSG thousands of cures of women whose letters ffi
t^S^BSSS^SSSBi^^^^^^^^^^^^ are constantly printed in this paper were not brought m
Lydia E. Pinkham's §
¦tf* i^S'Zi-jl&i Ct" rai'JI X?J?V Aft2b\ C5 ZT%PiB ft. Cl r\ Owingto the fact that some sk-ptical people have from time to time questioned SwWHSftJftt;
fiS^!^S ihmxZ oT^Vk B^vk Kvk ** "¦ ** ' " "* "^ the K cnuin * ness of the testimonial letters we are constantly publishing, we HfraflWaSfia
uuTttfrliZ'i *_ ** J3 \^ Jj ilv /ff Uk. 13 be paid to aay person who Trill show that the above testimonial* are not srenuine. or were published before 38 t««~' •*
ij obtainlnij the writer's special permission. I.YDIA E. PINKHAM MEDICINE CO., I,ynn, Mnss. «NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— The professional move
ment to advance prices, which was the con
rpicuous feature of yeeterday's stock market,
was not In evidence to-day. The promoters of
the movement desisted from buying stocks on
a large scale, and during the latter part of the
day they refrained altogether from supporting
the market. There was no formidable selling
pressure at any time during the day, and the
decline at the last was on very slight dealings,
but the market proved so soft that at the close
a number of prominent stocks showed net losses
of from 1 to 1H. with the tone decidedly heavy.
Union Pacific Itself, which was made the cen
ter in yesterday's movement foL the advance.
Is c noint lower on the day on a much-lessened
volume of dealings. The stock, nevertheless,
retained a prominent place in the dealing*.
The extreme dullness of the whole market at
the decline seemed to favor the bull party, so
that their change of policy was the more diffi
cult of explanation. The factors upon which
they relied yesterday to help the advance con
tinued In force for the most part to-day. Pos
sibly the unfavorable aspect of the proposed
coal strike settlement, had assumed a rather
more i>ositl\e phase to-day and Lacka wanna
and New Jersey Central scored sharp declines,
though the number of shares transferred was
so small as to deprive the changes of all sig
nificance. The only incident of the day which
resembled aggressive action by the bulls was
the marking up of railroads controlled by the
Vanderbllts or affiliated interests, but without
any discernible influence on the general list.
The rate for call money was held at yester
cay's high rate. The equanimity of trie for
eign money markets, in the face of ihe threat
ening approach of exchange to the gold Import
point, finds no adequate explanation, but for
eign bankers adhere to the view that gold will
not come In spite of to-day's further decline in
discounts both in London and Berlin.
There were some marked advances In prices
of bonds, but the market was not active or
very broad. Total sales, par value, $325,000.
United States bonds were unchanged In the bid
price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sh S- • «$«
4.A60 Atchison »- v ;
7.795. Atchison. preM "" l^it
4.S00 Baltimore & Ohio •-¦-... ¦/*
300 Canadian Pacific " "" sc2
2.650 Canadian Southern '." 50
6.625 Chesapeake & Ohio ' 27«
Chicago Great Western 10
6.510 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy ....'.123%
300 Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 64%
300 Chicago. Ind. & Louisville prefd ... 54'*
Chicago & East Illinois S6
2>V> Chicago & Northwestern 161
1.230 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific.. 104U
4.S70 C. C. C. & St. Louis 62&
220 Colorado Southern " su
Colorado Southern 1st prefd '.'. 37
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 14
Delaware & Hudson TlO9»4
100 Delaware. Lackawanna & Western. 174^4
100 Denver & Rio Grande ijif
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 66%
Erie 10 7<,
350 Erie 1st prefd 3314
220 Great Northern prefd 150'
Hocking Coal 13
100 Hocking Valley ' aTa;
Illinois Central '.'.'iVM
100 Iowa Central nil
Iowa Central prefd — 37^
1,400 Lake Erie & Western ->9
2S0 Lake Erie & Western prefd !.' 94
Lake Shore 205
I 1.010 Louisville & Nashville '.'.'.'.'. 71
I 2,950 Manhattan Elevated '.'.'.
550 Metropolitan Street Railway 147
Mexican Central 111'
100 Minneapolis & St. Louis " 511?
Minneapolis & St. Louis prefd .... 91
. 2,810 Missouri Pacific *w
Mobile & Ohio '.'.'.'.'.'.'. 34
Missouri. Kansas & Texas .* »vi
210 Missouri, Kans & Texas prefd .. 26^4
800 New Jersey Central 133
i 2.841 New York Central 1:5V.
1,250 Norfolk & Western 34
Norfolk & Western prefd 74U
14.650 Northern Pacific 47*?
404 Northern Pacific prefd 6SH
650 Ontario & Western 19%
Oregon Railway & Navagatlon ... 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
1,940 Pennsylvania .-. i^u
2.121 Reading " J S 2
5.170 Reading 1st prefd r.4<£
200 Reading 2d prefd 25?i
• • Rio Grande Western 53<4
Rio Grande Western prefd : 90
I Gt. Louis & Ran Francisco 9%
I 'St. Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd 64
--•••;- St. Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 32%
! 2*0 St. Louis. Southwestern 11 ¦
2,000 St. Louis, Southwestern prefd 27*i
7.7(0 St. Paul u3 rt
St. Paul prefd 173
St. Paul & Omaha lie
' 3.7K0 Southern Pacific ' S2V
3,500 Southern Railway 1114
622 Southern Railway nrefd 62
800 Texas & Pacific 14U
21.700 Union Pacific 575?
1.470 Union Pacific prefd 73*4
Nczv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
PORTLAND, Oct. 2.— There Is considerable
wheat , off erlng even at the lower limit* which
are ' now set fcr Walla Walla, 55c being the
ruling figure offered to-day. As hijrh as 62c
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Oct. 2.— Clearings, $516,741; bal
ances, $89,543.
Portland's Business.
NEW TORK, Oct. 2.— The cotton market
opened .steady at a decline of 9@12. points,
early cables being disappointing and early es
timates pointing to large receipts. There wat
considerable selling in the afternoon, the mar
ket closing 12 to 20 points net' lower.'
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— There was a sharp
squeeze of shorts In the London market fcr
tin and prices there rose £2 7s 6d. The local
market advanced some 75 points In sympathy
and closed 6trong at $29 60@29 87V4. An In
crease of 3000 tons In the world's stock of tin
had no material effect on prices. Pig Iron
warrants w>re dull ot $9 50@10. Lake copper
was quiet and unchanged at $16 75@'17. . Lead
and spelter were both dull and unchanged on
the basis of $4 37% and J4 10@4 15 respectively.
The brokers' price for lead waa J4 and for
copper J16 87V4- -
Nezv York Metal Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 2.— There Is no change In the
conditions of the wool market this week, the
demand for wool being confined to such loU
as the manufacturers may need. The territory
grades show the principal sales. Quotations:
Territory, scoured — Montana and Wyoming,
fine medium and fine 17V2@18e. scoured SOc.
staple C2<&53c: Utah, fine medium and fine 16©
17c, scoured 4S@50c. staple 52<S33c; Idaho, fine
medium and fine 16#17c, scoured 4S@50c, staple
62@53c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices — Comb-
Ing superfine, nominal, 82f/S">c; good, 78®S0c;
average, 70@73c.
Boston Wool Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000; sheep steady to
weak; lambs, choice steady, others 10@15c lowei.
Good to choice wethers. J3 90@4 20; Western
cheep. $3 90®4 15; Texas sheep. J2 50^3 50; na
tive lambs, J4 25Q5 30; Western lambs, J4 50®
6 10.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2.— Receipts. 4C00, Including
1000 Westerns and 600 Texans. Generally steady,
but choice stock slow. Natives, good to prime
eteers. 15 43<S5 So; poor to medium. J4 504f5 40;
relected feeders, $3 80«?4 60; mixed stockers.
weak, \2 oC®3 65; cows. J2 75® 1 20; heifers, J2 8b
©4 90; canners, $2@2 65; bulls, J2 65g^J 30; calves,
J4QS; Texas fed steers, J4 10@4 90; grasserfl,
J3 2t,@4: butls. J2 40^3 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 23,000; to-morrow,
30,000; left over, 4500: strong to 5c higher; top,
$5 50. Mixed and butchers', J5 05@5 60;- good
to choice heavy. $5 05^5 50; rough heavy, $4 85®
4 95: light. $5 10®5 50; bulk of sales, $5 20r$5 40.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Grapes — Tokayo,
Jl C5 to ?2 45 double, 65c to tl 25 single crater;
Clusters, Jl 10 to $135, single crates; Malagas,
70c to Jl 05. Peaches— Salways, 15c to 55c, box.
Prunes— Italians, 50c to 65c. single crated.
Thirteen cars fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO. Oct. 2.— Porter Brcs. Company
sales of California fruit: Pears — Klefer. i2 10.
box; Beaurre Clalrgeau, SI 25 to J2: Glout Mor
ceau, J2 30; D'AnJou, Jl CO to Jl 80; Winter
Nells, Jl 45 to Jl 63; Duchess, $1 05 to Jl 30;
Onondago, Jl 15; Easter Heurre. Jl 20; Bart
letts. 50c to H 05 box, 45c half- box; Winter
Seckels, 85c. Grapes — Tokays, Jl 75 to $2 05
double and SOc to Jl 45 single crates: Cornl
ehons, Jl 20; Emperors, Jl 05 to Jl 20; Muscats,
65c. Peaches— Clings, 45c to 65c; Salways, 25c
to 60c.
Porter IJros. Company sales: Pears— Doy du
Cornice. *2 IS to $2 95 box, « 75 to $1 80 half
box- Klefer, Jl 95 box; Winter Seckel, $1 23
half-box: Winter Nells. 60c to 70c. half-box.
Plums — Kclsej Japan, $2 15 to $3 05 box: Coe'a
Late Red. SOc to 70c. Grapes— Tokays, J2 15 to
$2 83 double, BCc to Jl 75 single crate; Clusters,
Jl to Jl 80: Assorted, SOc to Jl 60; Moroccu.
Jl 40 to $2 05; Muriel, 50c to J2 10: Cornlehons,
$1 05 to $1 BO; Malaga. $1 to $1 60; Kmperora,
40c to SOc; Rose de Peru, 50c. 1'eaches— Levi
Cling, 20c to 90c: Rllyeaus, 60c to 83c: October
I.atf'S, 35c to G5e; Salways. lCc to 55c; George's
Late. 20c to 50c; Lemon Clings, 20c. Eighteen
carR fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sales of California fruit follow: Grapes
—Tokays. $2 60 to $3 double, SOc to $1 63 single
crates; Clusters. $1 30 to Jl 40. single crates;
Malagas. $1 10 to *1 15; Clusters, average f2.
iv, lr s — Bartletts, $1 05 to 13 40 box. S0c> to Jl 40
half-box; Kiefer, 75c to S3c; Forelle. average
90c half-box; Shekels. 50c to Jl 40 half-box;
I)u Cornice. 1 ' 8.1c to $2 20 box. Peaches— Salways,
2."c to 70c, box; Lev! Cling. 40c to 75c; Norrls
Cling, uoc to 75c; Strawberry Cling. 50c to 70c;
Yellow Cling. 70c to 73c. Prunes — Italians, 4>Jo
to 75c, single crates.
California Fruit Sales.
The combined stock of wheat at Portland.
Or., Tacoma and ¦ Seattle increased 514,000
bushels last week.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Special cable and tel
egraphic advices to Bradstrect's show the
available supplies from the last accounts:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Kockies. increase. 2.12S.00O bushels. Afloat
and In Europe, increase. 2,100.000 bushels; total
supply, Increase. 4.318.CW bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, 663,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease. 225,000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb.
Opening 6 3>4 6 4
Closing 6 3lz 6
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-April.
Opening 20 20 21 05
Clcsing 20 15 21 60
Klcur —
Opening 26 10 2T 70
Closing 25 93 27 60
"The situation en Imported raisins Is gaining
ftrergth very rapidly. Cables yesterday quoted
Hsfr.er prices on Sultanas, equivalent to from
J6c en I-crown to ISc on 4-crown, laid down
tier*, while practically no new Valencia* nor
M?Vf" are offered ¦ Valcncias on spot are
• "Complaint is heard that someorders.approved
by the trade for seedless have not yet been
confirmed.' It !s undoubtedly a fact that orders
for these goods, subject to confirmation of
prtoaii have been Tar heavier than in ordinary
years, as & result largely of the very high
market on currants. Apparently the total
orders put in for seedless considerably exceed
the probable output. No more objections were
h*ard to the prices on California Sultanas yes
terday, and so far as can be learned orders
for these goods have been confirmed generally.
The trade, as a whole, can be' said to be fully
patisnvd with all the prices, add already have
largely fil!ed requirements. The only objec
tions heard of are by seeders, who find that
<hey cannot compete, with Coast seeders. Opin
ion Is divided as to the probability of an ad
vance soon. ¦ Some expect higher prices with
in a few -days, while otherb who are generally
well Informed believe the association will profit
by past experience and let th« present quo
tations stand for some time, at least. The spot
market Is (inner, with spot needed telling well
•.t IP*©-Sc.
"A further large business was done In new
California raisins yesterday, and on some sorts
of goods the association holdings are already
eaid to be well cleared up. chiefly seedless
Muscatels and 4-trown loose.
Matl advices from New Tork say
Dried Fruit in New York.
Coast and bay sections — The continued warm,
dT weather has been favorable for fruit dry-
Ing and for maturing- grapes and late decidu
ous fruitfr. High winds caused some damage
to 4ate fruits in Lake County last week." Ap
ples and p<?ars in HumboMt and other
counties an* of gr<v>d ouality and the yield Is
at.ove the average. Or?r* picking continues:
there Is s. fair crop In nearly all sections.
Hq> picking Is nearly completed; the yield. Is
light. . n*>an threshing is In progress. Corn is
above the average in some sections. Farmers
have r*wnn-.ern-eri plowing:
..Ssh! Joaquin Valley— Warm days and cool
rights have continued during the week In most
factions, and conditions have been quite favor
f.Wfe for raltin making and fruit : picking and
drylr.jr. Prunes are nearly all gathered: there
in. 3. fair crop, and the quality i« excellent,
though there is a considerable quantity of
email . size fruit - in tome- sections. " A rood
crop of wine grapes is being gathered. Raisin
grapes are i-earlyall gathered, and are drying
rapidly: the quality is excellent, and in many
places the yield 1* reported nearly average.
.Hay shipments to Arizona and Southern Call-
Jorr.la continue. FM Is plentiful, and stock
Is looking well. Seeding summer fallow Is in
progress In fome rlacea.
Southern CaJifornla — Unusually .high, temper
ature* during the latter part of the week were
favorable for raisin making and fruit drying.
In some favored localities In the .'vicinity, of
-6th Diepo large quantities of raisins are In
ttw hands of the sorters. Walnut picking haa
progressed rapidly; In Oraiipe County the nuts
are said to be better filled than' for several
je^rs. but there will be -quite a. large per
centage of the smaller sizes. Bean threshing
continues: the yield Is light. Near Santa
Maria lt Is reported that water in- the wells 1
lower than ever before known. In ether sec
tions the water siiprly is Improving. Orangeg
are turning, and will probably mature early.
• Sacramento Valley — Conditions have contin
ue^ favorable during the week. Drying winds
and clear weather have been very beneficial
to fruit drying and raisin curing, and favor
able for the. bean crep along 'the Sacramento
River. The. sevefe north wind of the preced
ing week in jK>rtions of Hutte County caused
but little' damage to oranges, walnuts and
chestnuts. - Th« prune crop is nearly all
fathered; in the vicinity ot <iran<3 Island the
iruit is reported excellent "in quality and the
yield lair. The second crop of table grapes Is
ripening raj>id!y; there will be a heavy yield.
Tokaya sire being sent to wineries In • large
Quantities, '(ranges are coloring, and early
olives are ri!<-ning. ¦ . -, •
¦ A. G. McA<5ie, section director of the climate
and crcp service of the Weather Bureau,
makes the fallowing report for the week:
The Weather and Crops.
The City of Rio <Je Janeiro took out a treas
ure list of J7C:.24i. consisting of JC7.620 In
Wpjtlran dollar?. J'.-e^O in gold cola and S95.O00
In silver bullion.
Treasure Shipment.
Internal revenue collections in this district in
Efft>>nib»r were as tollows: Lists. S17.ET1; beer,
IMS.SI2; fruit spirits. J42,rC2; grain spirits. J41,-
T8f-; export stamjjs. i2; cigar, J17.735; cigarettes,
tZZf#: snuff. $26: tobacco, J3203; special. $S13">;
playing canis. J£K: documentary stamps. J65.03S.
proprietary FLamj.s, $11,408; total. $31%,765.
Rczrnuc Collections.
Total S62.03S.420 07
Shipment* of silver coin from the same office
for the month of September were as follows:
Standard silver dollars $223,000
Fubsldiary silver 224,150
2Jin<T coin 7,105
Total WE4.293
Julius Jacobs. Assistant Treasurer of the
t'r.lteij Ptates at San Francisco, reports cash
on h.-.r. : September 30 as follows:
T'ntted States notes- J932.1SS 00
. Tr"a.«ury botea of ikso 3.019 ji»
National l>ank notes 10,345 00
Gr.ld certificates 1,011.360 f«)
: Filvf r certificates 6S7.S44 00
Gold coin 27.712. 1S3 40
Ftarxiard silver dollars 31.347.660 CO
. Fubsidiary silver coin 316.411 25
Minor coin 16.42S 27
Coupons -. 736 h3
Interest checks, miscellaneous loans 144 30
Government Money Here.
"The redwood r'»nts are rushlnir along at
the same old gait and the lumber is coming
to this cttjr in larce quantities. These mills
ere on the lookout fcr Eastern business.- too,
«n<J UM has seen many thousand feet cross
ing the lies . tou-ari the Eastern distributes
cpnters. The redwood men who are up-to-date
• nd progressive are not content these <layi>
¦rttta the low an<l Inadequate quotations ob
tained lot-ally and find thr- East the best far
real active business dealings."
record this F*a*on. and reports indicate a
heavy jfar'e cut on the part of a!l the mills
In the supar and white pine belt. Some ot
the r.ew mills are putting forth every effort
.to do the l.en business »«o?5ible and wisely
are shunning; the local State business in
order to Ret at the more lucrative and larger
field afforded in the markets of the Eastern
State*. The manufacturers of the white and
Fuctr pine belt are also looking toward the
Orient and Pacific Ocean country trade as a
natural and remunerative field for their ex
errkn? and are now making early arranee
rcents to get into these markets ere the cloec
of annthrr y»ar.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says of lumber:
'The interior mills are making a first-class
The Lumber Trade.
FORECAST.
The storm off the Oregon coast this morning
has remained nearly stationary during the day.
The pressure has fallen slight!}' along the im
mediate coast and risen over the interior.
The temperature has remained nearly station
ary In all districts.
The weather Is cloudy and threatening over
the Pacific slope except in Utah, Southern
Nevada and Arizona. Light rain has falkn
from the upper portion of the Sacramento Val
ley and Point Reyes northward.
Conditions are favorable for the rain to ex
tend southward over Northern California '. >-
night and Wednesday morning and probably
into Southern California Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 3. 1900.
Northern California— Rain Wednesday; briik
southerly wind, high off the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy, probably with
showers Wednesday; fresh southwest wind.
Nevada — Cluudy, with showers Wednesday.
Utah — Cloudy, probably showers Wednesday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Rain Wednesday,
brisk southerly wind. G. H. WlLLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 5S Los Angeles 72
Mount Tamalpals... c0. Sacramento 70
Independence 76 San Luis Obispo 70
Red Bluff 70 ?an Diego 66
Fresno 76
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
67: minimum, C2; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
nearly exhausted, stocks in first hands being
estimated a.t not much over 600 boxes. Sales
of 1500 boxes of layer Valencia* were reported
yesterday at loc, with goods held now at 10'iift
lOHc
"A little more interest Is taken In peaches,
sales of several cars being reported yesterday.
Fu'ure apples are weaker. Sales of two cars
for November delivery were made at 4Uc, and
ore car of November at 4**?- Spot apples are
in some ilemnnd at Afate, the latter price be
ing for very fancy goods."
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 76% gS^ 78*6 16V,
November 77% 77T4 77 77%
Dw-ember 78% 78% 77% • 77 %
Corn No. 2—
October 39H 33 7 4 3S% 3974
November 3~Vi 37% 37'.i 37H
December 35 35V4 34;4 34T4
Oats No. 2—
October 22>-i 22H 22 22
November 22*4 22VS 22«.i 22%
December 22Tg 23 22H 22%
Mew Pork per barrel-
October 12 70 12 90 12 70 12 SO
November 1155 1155 1140 .1140
January 1175 1182^4 1175 1175
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October 7 20 7 25 7 20 7 20
November 7 20 7 25 7 20' 7 22'4
January 6 90 6 92tf 6 87% 6 90
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October S 05 8 25 8 05 8 20
November 7 42H 7 55 7 42V4 7 42%
January 6 30 ' 6 32% 6 30 « 00
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
Xo. 3 spring wheat, 71»i®77%c; No. 2 red, ~i6Vs
4j78c; No. 2 corn, 4O@4OHc: No. 2 yellow, 40Vi
«46%c; No. 2 oats. 22%@23; No. 2 white. 25®
26c; No. 3 white. 24H«i25%c: No. 2 Rye. 51%c;
fair to choice malting barley, 54S5Sc; No. 1 flax
Eeeil, $1 50Hf?l 53H: No- 1 northwestern, U 55;
inline Timothy seed, $4 2534 40; mess pork, per
barrel, $12 S*W12 85: lard, per 100 pounds. $7 22V4
©7 23: short ribs sides loose). $3 10<jj8 30; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 8Vi'??6?ic: short clear
Rides (boxed), ?8 6P®8 70; whiskey, basis of high
wines, $1 27; sugars, cut. loaf, 6.60c; granulated,
6.10c; confectioners' "A," 6c; oft "A," 5.83c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,000 11.000
Wheat, bushels 2S0.00O 143.000
Corn, bushels 710.000 468.000
Oats bushels 426,000 210,000
Rye, bushels 13.000 8,000
Barley, bushels 105.000 79,000
On the Produce Exchange tn-day the butter
market was dull; creamery. 16@21c; dairy, 13-?3>
ISc; cheese steady. 10H®U%c; eggs firm, fresh.
16c.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
• : TUESDAY. Oct. *-4 p. m ,
Bid. Ask.' - Bid A»v
Alpha , 03 04 Ju«tic« ....... 0* . o«
Alta :. .02 04 Kentuck .... S 04
Andes 07 ©8 Lady Wash ..." _ 03
Belcher. 19 .20 'Mexican .. 44 «
Best A Belcher. 31 33 \ Occidental . "" 07 P9
Bullion W 04 rjphlr ... " ri
Caledonia .~\.. 44 4«iOverman .:'."". 10 12
Chollar .......;. 21 23. Potosl ...! 21 •"
Challenge Con. 20 22 Savage ¦ . ..; *•« ia
ConHdence ...... 79 $0, Scorpion : .. " <r» _
Con Cal A Va.1 15 1 20 S« K Belcher ... 02 03.
Imperial .-.--... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 31 32
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill..:.- 35 37
Eureka Con.... — 45 st Louis .... _ is
Crown Point.:.. 12 14 Standard ......"« M _
Exchequer...... 01. 02 Syndicate .... 04 • . j_
goV'd A Curry. S8 38 Union Con »• 23
Hale A Norc... 2« 27 ITtalr .:.....;..; 05 o«
Julia ........... 03 04 Yellow Jacket., n a
400 Best & Belcher. ; 32] 300 Gould A Curry 33
200 Chollar 22 800 GouIdA Curry 3*
150 Con Cal A Va.l 15 TOO Mexican 34
6C0 Con Cal A Va.l 20 3CO Ophir ...... "73
100 Confidence S011200 Sava«e ...... * 20
Afternoon Session.
1000 Andes ' 08 300 Savage ......... 19
SCO Gould A Curry. 35 200 Sierra Nevada. 31
600 Gould •& Curry. 34 500 Union Con ..... 20
800 Ophlr ....: .72. • . . ------
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:. •¦'..
100 Best A Belcher. 32 J00 Ophlr n
100 Caledonia' .. 44 ¦ 100 Savage ....... 20
300 Mexican 34 500 8lerra Nevada. 31
SOO Ophlr ...." 72
Afternoon Session.
100-Chollar »i 700 Mexican .....•.; »
100 Con- Cal A Va.l 13" 200 Ophtr -...., 7J
100 Crown -Point.. * .131 200 Savage ;........ 20
200 Hale & Norc... 25j ...
Morning Session
The following were the sales in. the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yeaterday:
MINING STOCKS.
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 68 — Lon P A A 133 —
Bank of Cal..^405 410 Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cal S D A T..105 - Nev Nat Eg... - —
First Natlonal.2S5 300
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L — 1900 Sav A L So.... — SI
Hum S & L... — — ' Sac Sar Blc.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 51 — Union T Co.... — *—
S F Sav U....510 .— '
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California .....123 — IO S L & H — 43
Geary-st. 25 — Presidio — 22^4
Market-st 67 87\1
,.• POWDER STOCKS.
California — 162!* Vlgorlt IH $ti
Giant Con Co.. SH, 53
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7% 7S Kllauea S P C XI — V
Haw CiSCo- — Makawell S Co — 44
Honokaa S Co. 30H 30H Onomea S Co. . 2S 28*i
Hutch S P:Co. 25 25«* Paauhau S Co 30H —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assnl23H124H Pac A F A IX —
Cal Fruit Assn 93 — iPae C Bor Co.150 1514
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Parnt Co.. 12% —
Oceanic S Co... 93 93% .
Morning Session. ¦ ¦ .' ' ;
Board — . • '.' ¦ ¦¦' .¦ '
10 Alaska Packers' Association 124 00
¦23 Equitable Gas' *..,.... 350
175 Equitable Gas ...<; 3 J71X
300 Equitable Gas 3^5
55 Hutchinson S P Co ....... : ... 25 00
35 Paauhau S P Co....;.-. A....... 30 50
45 S F Gas& Electric Co .- ..-53 00
$3,000 S F & S J V Bonds ...;...... ...118 25
jr.ooo s f &s j v Bond*....: ......113 w
Street— ; .¦.;••: . .- ..
"23 S F Gas & Electric Co ............ B3 00
• ' Afternoon Session* • '. .- ..• ¦•
¦ Board— • . :•. • . ; > ' •••' .'..--¦'
25 Hana Plantation Co... „. 7 55
25 Honokaa Sugar Co...... ......:,... .„. 30 25
$1,000 Oceanic S S Bends ...... ....-,...;. ,.107 50 '
15 Oceanic S S Co.... 93 23 ¦
• 25 Pacific Gas Improvement ........... 81 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.............. 53 25
$1,000 S P Of A Bonds, s 10 ..;... ..:.1H 23
25 Spring Valley Water ' :-.:....... 93 00
$1,000- Spring Valley 4s Bonds (2<J mtge)..ioj » -.
Street— . ;. .
72 Alaska Packers' Association .......124 Oft
$1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s. Bonds...... US 2J
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.......;...... 83 00
$2,000 S P Branch Ry 8s Bonds 4 ...130 00 "
$12,000 S F & S J V Bonds ....113 30
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE* .
' • Morning Session..- ": ' -..¦:.
Board— . . •• . . .' .'.' ' ' '••
60 Royal 1M'
5 Royal ..... •--•• 1 23 ' •¦
60 San Joaquin Oil & Development...: I 87%
Street— . : - •'. :
10O Sterling O A D Co.,.........:.....,. -M7H
Afternoon Session. •• ':'. . • ¦¦¦_¦'
• Board — -". ".- .- .j .'. .'• ¦' .
50 American Fuel i...... ,.......,. 10
10 Blue Goose I 60
1.0«) Four Oil Co ...........i. ., 47
10O Home Oil 4 50
25 Homestake 13 50
25 Kera River *. ,ti cq
100 Monarch of Arizona ................. 33
SOO.Reei Crude On Co................... so .
€0 San Joaquin Oil * Dev Co. b «0.... i 25
60 Sterling O & D Co... ....... 1 17*4
100 Sterling O & D Co ................ J W
100 Twenty-eight .....™...... ........... 1 so
250" Twenty-eight 1 Si
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 227 — (
Cent G L Co.. — — , Pac L Co — 44ti
Cent LiPCo- 4%] Sac El O&RCo 34»i 40
Eqult G L.Co. 3% 3'»|S F G & E-... 53 53H
Mutual El Co. — 10 T 4! San Francisco. 5 5ifc
OGL&H 49 50 iStkn G & E Co — 14
Pac Gas Imp.. 51% 52 I
GAS AXD ELECTRIC STOCKS.
. WATER STOCKS. . ¦; .
Contra Cost*. . 69^i 70 Spring Valley. S4H 96
Marln County.' 51 V* — ' " • • . "•
• MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.. 102 l04»4|Oak Water 5s. — 108
Cal-st Cab 5s.. US 113 <Oceanlc S3 5S.107H —
C C Water 5s.. — 107 Om C Ry «s...l234 —
Ed L & P 6s..l30»i — Pac G Imp 4s..l01Vi —
F & Cl Ry«s.. — — P 4 Q Ry 6».1O4 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — P & O R R ta.115 —
H C & S Vt3.. — — Powell-st R 8a.ll7 —
Do 5s.. ...?... - — Sac L G&R 5s.lC0H —
"L A R 5s...:. .104*4 -. SFASJ V5s.US*i —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 3 R Of Cal 63.11H4 —
Do gntd 6s... — — SPof A6J....U1H-
L A gVtd 5a... — 101 S P C <s <1905)
L. A P R R 5s. — 102- (Series A) 107 —
Market-st 6s;..128V; — Do (serl«» B>.107H —
Do 1st M 5s..ll7V 4 lWi 3 PC 6s (13O«).109U - k
N G N G R 7s. - 115 Do (1312) U7H — f
N R of Cal .63.113 115 |S P K 1st gntd — —
Do 5»..... IIS — S P Br «a ISO —
N P C R R 6S.101 — '8 V "Water 6».113HH*
Do 5s — 106Ti 1» ?»-•• 103V»103H
N Cal Ry 6s... — 111 Do Jd mtg...lQ3 W2H
Oak G L & H.109 — 3tcktn Gas 6s. — 10:^
Oak Ttan Sa... — 117U
Is quarcoup...U4*iil5*i Is do CD (new).134m35Vi
4s do reg 114*4ll5H 3s do coup — 110
TUESDAY. Oct. 2—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
. All classes of stocks were dull yesterday and
prices showed little variation.
The Giant Powder Company has declared the
usual dividend of 75 cents, payable on the 10th.
The Pacific Lighting Company has declared
a dividend of 30 cents, payable on the 5th.
The California Cured Fruit Association ha«
declared its first dividend of $100,000.
¦ Tfce Alaska Packers' Association will p*y it»
eighty-second monthly dividend of 75 cents on
the 12th.
The Onoroea Sugar Company Is expected to
pay a dividend of 25 cents on the 5th.
STOCK AND "BOND* EXCHANGE.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Cranberries are not moving at all and deal
ers have had to reduce their asking prices.
Watermelons continue quiet and weak, while
other, melons rule firm. There Is no change In
table Grapes. ¦
Lemons and Limes are lower and weak un-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Opinions as to the Butter market continue to
differ, some dealers reporting a firm and others
a weak market. It is undeniable that most buy
ers are running on held goods to the neglect
of fresh and that spot stocks are somewhat
heavier. Cheese Is unchanged.
There Is no further change in Eggs, the mar
ket being steady at the high quotations.
BUTTER— •
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 28#29c; Seconds
27V4c
Dairy— Fancy. 23@26c; good to choice. 23@24c;
common, 20@22c.
Creamery tub — 20<5'22}ic per lb.
Pickled roll— 19S21C. ¦ . .
Firkin— lS@19c.
Storage goods— 22Ht24c.
CHEESE— New. 9010c; old, 8@8Hc: Young
America. lOfiTlO^c; Eastern, 13H®14c; Western.
10f?12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20W25C for store and 30@35c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lS@25c.
Butter, Cheese and Bggs.
Poultry Is In good supply at about last week's
prices. , -
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 141?16c for Gobblers
and 14®16c for Hens; Old Turkeys, 10<fil3c;
Geese. r*r pair, $1 25@1 50: Goslings, $150^175;
Ducks, $3<8"4 for old and $3 50 l @4 50 for young;
Hens, $3 60<j?5: Young Roosters, $4f 4 50; Old
Roosters', $3 30<i?4: Fryers. $3@3 50; Broilers.
J3JT3 25 for large and $2 50JT3 for small; Pigeons.
$1 25 per dozen for old and $1 75ST2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25JT2 for Valley and $3 for
Mountain: Mallard. $6ftS 50: Canvasback, $6@
11; Sprig. $3 50@5 50; Teal, $2 50@3 50; Widgeon.
$2 50®4; Small Duck. $2if 3; Gray Geese, $3<ff3 50-
White Geese, $1@1 25; "English Snipe. $2@2 50-
Jack Snipe. $1 50; Hare. $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 50
for cottontail and $1 for brush; Doves, 60@75c;
Grouse, $8; Sage Hens. — per dozen.
Receipts of Gam« were liberal, but brought
high prices, being in good condition. The mar
ket declined steadily until noon, as every train
brought additional supplies.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Pcan, Sig^c per lb:
String Beans. l'^iHSc; Limas. 2i4iff3c per lb;
Cabbage. 40K50c: Tomatoes. Bay, 30@50c: Egg
Plant. 23<fi40c per box: Green Okra, 25@40c:
Green Peppers, 25«?40c per box for Chill and 40
<850c for Bell; Dried Peppers, MSJlSc: Carrots,
251035c per sack; Summer Squash, 35^50c for
Alameda: Cucumbers, 25940c for Alameda*
Pickles, $1^1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50iJf75c
for No. 2; Garlic, 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
$7^10 per ton.
Salinas Potatoes show an upward tendency.
Other descriptions are unchanged. Vegetables
and Onions are about as before.
POTATOES— Early Rose. SSlg^fte; Burbanks.
40<&f0c for Rivers and S0@$l 10 per ctl for Sa
linas; Sweets, 75c for Rivers and $1 25 for Mer
ced.
ONIONS— 50(iJ 63c per ctl; Pfckle Onlona, 35B
60c.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 25<H 75; Green, $1 80
(§2 05 per ctl; Blackeye, $150.
The decline In Beans has been checked, for
the morrent, at least, and the market Is some
what steadier. Receipts are less excessive.
There is a good demand, chiefly for Texas and
other Southern points. There Is nothing new In
Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 R5f?2; Small White, $3 25(5
3 50; Large White. $2 25@2 50; Pink, $2 25t?2 50;
Red, $3©3 25: Blackeye. $2 50; Lima. $5 15ig5 25;
Pea, $3 50@3 75; Red Kidneys. $3 25@3 50.
SEEDS --Brown Mustard. 3%c; Yellow
Mustard, 4f 4 (ft5e: Flax. $2<g2 50; Canary, 3V4c
per lb for California, and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nomlnnl; Rape, 2Vi@3c; Hemp, 4®4Vic;
Timothy. <94'Ac.
Beans and Seeds.
The firmness in Bran continues. Nearly 15,
000 racks came In yesterday from Oregon and
Washington, but it was all sold prior to ar
rival and it Is reported that all to arrive with
in the next day or two has also been sold.
Supplies are far under the demand. Middlings
continue firm.
Hay rules strong and an occasional car of
choice Wheat brings $13 50.
Ferdstuffs are generally, firm at previous
prices.
BRAN— llfi'fil" 50 r>er ton.
MIDDLINGS— U7&21 Der ton.
FKEDSTL'FFS— Rolled Barley. $16f?17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $20^27; jobbing,
$27 50(528; Cocoanut Cake. $2Oftj21: Corn Meal,
KHi't': Cracked Corn, *26 M®27 50: Mixed Feed,
J13 50(gl4.
HAY— Volunteer, $5^7 50; Wheat, $1QS13;
Wheat and Oat. $W|12; Oat, $3 30^11; Clover,
$4£6: Alfalfa, !6<ff7 50; Barley, $7@9 per ton.
STRAW— 30<037u,c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 60®
3 75, uirual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40^3 50;
Oregon and Washington, J2 75<Ji3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 la'&S 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
?4 73<H5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. ?3 r»er 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, i" 30; Rice Hour, $7- Corn Meal, $2 75,
extra cream do, $3 SO; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hom
iny. $3 50<fi3 73; Buckwheat Flour. $4^4 23;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, {3 2."; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6'r»
7 25; in sacks. J5 75<g7; Pearl Barley. $3; Split
Peas, }3; Green Peas. J5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
BARLEY — The depression in wheat has a
softeninc effect en the market, and the de=
mand has fallen oft perceptibly. There is no
decline In prices yet. however.
Feed, 77V>c for choice bright, 73c for No. 1 and
70(&72^c for off grades: Brewing and Shipping
grades, SO'S'SJc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market is quiet but very firm at
the recent advance. Offerings are ample for all
immediate needs.
White. $1 2.VS1 42>1; Surprise. $1 40S1 43; Red,
$1 106?l 20;- Gray. $1 2391 30; Black, for . feed,
$1 C5iffl 20; fer seed. $1 20Q1 23 per ctl.
CORN— None offering.
RYE — 00ft32Vic per ctl. There is a good ship
ring demand, but holders are generally above
the views of buyers.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December-2000 ctls. $1 05H:
2000. $105H; 12.000, $103; 2000. $104%; 4000,
$1 04&i; S0OO. $1 04',*; 4000. $1 04%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls.
$103%; 72,00<i. Jl 04; 2000, $1 04H; 2000, $104'*.
May- 2000. $1 U%; 22,000. $1 11%.
Afterroon Session— December — 2000 ctls,
$1 d%; 4000. $1 03%: 1S.000, $1 03%: 20,000, $1 01.
May— 20C0. $1 10?;; 20C0. $110%: 44.000. $111.
Chicago opened steady. The weather wad
cloudy, with light rains. Armour bought Oc
tober. Private cables reported a more un
favorable outlook in the Argentine. The
weather in tha Northwest wag. unsettled. The
export demand was small for Wheat, but good
for Corn. Receipts of winter wheat are dimin
ishing.
Prices here were off all along the line, with
heavy selling on calL
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 01>,i; Milling, $1 03%
@1 06V4
.' CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Aro firm but nominal
at 45s, usual options, with continued scarcity
of tonnage. The chartered wheat fleet In port
haa a registered tonnage of 47,180, against 24,000
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
1608 tons, against 13.900: on the way to this
port. 100.772 tons, against 52.900.
WH EAT— Liverpool futures advanced and
Paris futures declined. New York was lower.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S3
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SiVj
Sterling Cables — 4 &SH
New York Exchange, sight — 0i"-a
Now York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — ~ 63^
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50% @ 51
Exchange and Bullion.
Flour Qr sks.... 10,376 Flaxseed. sks ... a.314
Oats, ctls .., . 610 Wool, bales ...... - t
Bran, iks 5,450 *
Flour, qr sks.,.. 10,23i> Bran, sks 9.434
Potatoes, sks .. : . 573 Middlings, sks ..250
WASHINGTON. : .
OREGON
1 Flour, qr sks.... 9.4lo;Sugar. ska ....... 440
I Wheat, ctls 36,f»2;Sugar. bbla . 165
I Barley, ctla $8'! Wool, bags «4
! Oats, ctls 7SVHOP9. bales ¦'. . 8S
Cheese. ctl» ¦ 27 Hay. tons - 5T<>
¦ Butter, ctls 153 j Eggs, doz 9.9*»
Tallow, ctls ..... 26.TiWlne. gal» ........ 17.8M
Beans, sks : 3.313 Quicksilver, risks V*
Potatoes, sks ... 3.7X5; Leather, rolls ... 33
Onions, sks 6»V Hides. No - «•"*
Bran, sks 2'4-V Pelts, bdls «0
Shorts, sks 25<v Raisins, bxs .... 500
FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER, 2.
Receipts of Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Silver firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat lbzver and depressed. Freights quiet.
Barley quieter in sympathy with Wheat.
Oats in good supply, but firm. .
Corn and Rye unchanged and dull.
Sharp demand for Bran. Hay continues firm.
Xo further decline in Beans. Mustard Seed scarce.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same. .
Game arrived in good condition and sold well.
Poultry in ample supply and easy.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Lemons and Limes lower and abundant.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins show little change.
Provisions firm, with an advance in barreled Beef.
Hops firm, Wool neglected and Hides quiet.
Mutton lower . Other Meats unchanged.
Cordage continues to decline.
Sew prices for Candles.
Nothing new in Oils. •
Shipment of §j62,2qo to China.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $136,297,017; gold. $83,301,486.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Money on call,'2@2% per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 5@5^4 per cent.
Sterling exchange, weak, with actual business
in bankers' bill's at 84 85% for demand and at
$4 SHi<iJ4 S174 for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 S2(S4 K2V4 and $4 86O4 ?6H- Commercial bills,
J4 SOH'S'4 81: silver certificates, 63^15650; bar sil
ver. 63'^c-; Mexican dollars, 50c. Bonds—Govern
ment, steady; State, Inactive, railroad, strong.
A r czu York Money Market.
LONDON. Act. 2.— Atchison, 28%: Canadian
Pacific, 69U; Union Pacific preferred, 73»4;
Northern Pacific preferred, 71: Grand Trunk,
6%: Anaconda. i%.
Bar silver, steady, 29 5-16d. Money, 2%^3 per
cent.
CLOSING.
Bustness was slightly increased in volume In
the markets here to-day and the tone was
good. Influenced by the returns from the elec
tions showing a substantial majority for the
Salisbury Government. Americans were firm,
the public holding aloof pending more definite
news from the Presidential campaign. There
is pome talk about gold exports to New York
and already I hear of some, inquiry from
America for ppecle. The ruling price, how
ever, will not be paid while present rate* of
exchange remain. Silver closed at 29%d, firm
on Indian buying.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
1.830 Wabash eu
2.100 Waba*h prefd it2
, JjlO Wheeling & Lake Erie 8H
1.400 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 22%
... Wisconsin Central H
i'00 Third Avenue loy^i
Express companies—
Adams 133
American 150
United States ". 45
Wells-Farpro 123
Miscellaneous — .
250 American Cotton Oil 33%
American Cotton Oil prefd 8S
American Malting 4
•• American Maltlns prefd 21
200 American Smelting *- Refin 36
100 American Smelting & Uefin prefd... S7\
Amrrioan Pplrits \u.
American Spirits prefd 17 '"
1(5 American Steel Hoop \",y 2
•¦;\,U -American Steel Hoo ; > prefd 64V
3.100 American Stwl & Wire 30v£
115 American Steel & Wire prefd Tin
;• American Tin Plate 26^.
. J22 Araorl(>8n Tin Plate prefd SI
2.C20 American Tobacco g$%
— ... American Tobacco prefd 12S
S20 Anaconda Mining Co 42
*•}?• Brooklyn Rapid Transit 50«i
£50 Colorado Fuel & Iron 31 '
120 Continental Tobacco 24W
-••••; Continental Tobacco prefd 75^
210 Federal Steel ! 3iu
Federal Steel nrefd 62'j
400 General Electric 136
Glucose Sugar 4<<Si
Glucose Sugar prefd SSI,
215 International Paper i$?i
400 International Paper prefd 62i 2
Laclede Gas 68
600 National Biscuit 72U
National Biscuit prefd ' 85
E50 National Lead 17
200 National Lead prefd 89'4
National Steel 04'
2C0 National Steel rrefd 82
New York Air Brake 120
North American -. 14U
Pacific Coast 64
Pacific Coast 1st r>refd 80
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63»4
600 Pacific Mall 301,
6.160 People's Gas „ $5^
9S4 Pressed Steel Car 36%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 72',i
Pullman Palace Car l$2
....... Standard Rope & Twine 4vi
1S.i3o Sugar H6%
Sugar prefd 115'
r 42 Tennessee Coal & Iron 52
1.245 United States Leather 9-v
SIS United States Leather prefd 6"^
400 United States Rubber 29
United States Rubber prefd 93
Western Union ft
too Republic Iron & Steel Co H
100 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 51*;
P C C & St Louis 4S
1S5.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s. when L & N unlf 4s.'... 9SH
Issued, reg 101 N V Central lsts..lO8^
Do counon 104 N J Cen gen 5s..l22»i
L S 3s. res: 109 N Pacific 3s 64"J
Do 3s. coup 109% I Do 4s lt>2»i
Do new 4s, ree.l34U!N Y C & St L 4.105'i
Do new 4s. coup.l34 ; »;X & West con 4s 95V,
Do old 4s. rcg..llt»4!0r Navle lsts 103
D» old 4s. coup.H4»i| Do 4s 102'i
Do 5s. reg m^'Or Short L 6s 127>4
Do 5s. coup 113H j Do con 5s 112 7 »
D of Colum 3.65S.123 (Heading Gen 4s SS T t
Atchison Ben 4s.. SSn,;JR G Western lsts 9S
Do adjst 4s S^; Pt L & I M con 5s.lOS«i
Can South 2ds lOCU'St L & S F gen 6s.l23U
Ches & Ohio 4Us. n% St Paul consols.... 169
Do 5s 11-1* st P C & P lsts.H7H
Chi & N con 7s. .138 Do 5s 119^4
Do S F deb 5s.. 120 Sou Pacific 4s 7S»,
Chic Terminal 4s. 91 Sou Railway 5s.... 108%
Colo South 4s 80 (Stan R & T 6s.... 63
D & R G lsts 103 Tox & Pacific lsts.mH
Do 4s SS',4 Do 2ds 53
Erie Gen 4s 67^t Union Pacific 4s. ..105
Ft W & D C lsts.. 71V4 Wabash lsts US
Gen Electric 3s... .118 Do 2ds 101
Iowa. Cf-ntral lsts.mVi West Shore 4s H2Vi
M K & T 2ds fi4TijWls Cent lsts «V4
Do 4s SOttiVa Centuries S3H
MINING STOCKS.
hi a &Szail wao.^',4 (Ontario 6 00
Chollar 20 Ophlr 50
Croivn Point 10 Plymouth 13
Con Cal & Va 1 05 Quicksilver 6 00
Deadwood 431 do prefd 6 00
Gould & Curry ... 33 Sierra Nevada 2S
Hale & Norcross.. 24 Standard 4 00
Homestake 53 00 Union Con 18
Iron Silver 63 Yellow Jacket .... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .West End ..91
Call loans ,.3?M West Electric 47
Time loans 4ff5 Wis Central ...... 11
Stocks— Bonds—
Atchison 27 : <4i Atchison 4s 99
I Do prefd 69M;;N E Gas & C 5s. 63
i Am Sugar 117 | Mining Shares-
Do prefd 114 Adventure 3%
Am Telephone 137 lAllouez Mln Co... 1%
I Boston & Albany. 243 ]Amal Copper S3',*
j Boston Elevated ..146 Atlantic 2!'i
: Boston & Maine... 1S7 Boston & Mont... 329
i C B & Q 122*J nutte & Boston... 341&
j Dominion Coal 3S?i ! Calumet & Hecla.750
: Do prefd Ill IFranklln 14
Fitchhurg rrefd... 138 | Humboldt -.. 23
Gen Electric 135%iOsceola 66?£
Do prefd 139 IParrot 42"
Ed Elec 111 210 (Quincy 142
1 Mex Central 10% S Fe Copper 4*i
j Mich Telephone... S5 Tamarack 229
1 N E Gas & Coke.. 11 Utah Mining 30^
j Old Colony 203 Winona 2»i
Old Dominion — 17Vj Wolverines 39>i
Union Pacific 57% I
CHICAGO. Oct. 2.— The trade in wheat was
small and featureless. November opened at
77?i@'77%c, and advanced 'early to 7"T»c. Liver
pool was higher, Northwest receipts light, the
weather of that section bad, with prospects. of
more of the same kind, and the markets of the
spring wheat territory firm. The crowd was
bullish on this kind of news at the start and
were further strengthened in their views by a
Rosarlo cable announcing wet weather and
poor crop prospects in Northern Argentina. The
market lacked outside support, however, and
November on local sales dropped to 77%@77M.c.
A falling _off in Western receipts caused a
slight rally, November touching 7"Sc. but
Bradstreet's announcement of an increase of
4,318.000 bushels In the world's visible, caused
added discourajerr.ent among holders and the
price slumped to 77c, closing heavy, November,
IWi'iiC lower at 77}gc.
Corn was firm and at times moderately active,
enjoying a somewhat larger outside trade and
a good demand for cash. November closed
%c u;i at 2S%c.
fiats were fairly active. November closed a
shade lower at 22?ie.
Provisions were firm, the first half of the
session on the bullish showing of stocks, but
lo*t part of the advance later on profit-taking,
closing 2% cents higher all around.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
5«4if6c: fancy, 6®6V»c. .California dried fruits
were dull but steady at unchanged prices.
PRUNES— 3<4@5c per pound, as to size and
quality.
A PRICOTS— Royal. ll%c: Moorpark. 15@16c.
PEACHES— Peeled. • 14@17c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
COAL OIL, GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil. In bulk. 12c; Pearl* Oil
cases.. 38c; Astral. lSc; Star. 18c; Extra Star'
22c: Elaine. 23c: Eocene. 20c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline. In bulk. 15c; cases. 21c; Benzine bulk
14c; cases, 20c; S^degree Gasoline, bulk. 20c'
cases, 26c per gallon.
TURPENTINE— Quoted at 61c per gallon in
cases and 55c in drums or iron barrels^
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lea*. ~K9
7&c per lb; White Lead, 7@7?ic, according' to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER-$48 per flask for local use
and $4S(946 for exrwrt.
SUGAR— The Western Susar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, ln.lCO-lb bags:
Crushed. 7.05c; Powdered. 6.Kc; Candy
Granulated. 6.«. r >c: Dry Granulated. 6 53c- Con
fectlonsrs' A. 6.55c; Magnolia A. 6. 15c;. Extra
C. 6-Ooc: Golden C. 5.95c; barrels. 10c more;
half-barrels. 25c more: boxes. SOc more- 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominoes, half
barrels. <.30c; boxes. 7.55c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $16«17; extra sizes, higher: Red
wood. J17J3 18 for No. 1 and $15©1S for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet. $3 5004; Pickets. .$1S; Shingles.
« to for common and »2 75 for fancy: Shakes.
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic $21©27'
CANDLES-rNew prices are announced, as fol-
l 0 "*' 8 ;,^ 1 *** 1 " 10 Ijtsrht - SVi@HSc: Granite Mln
, lne.-9<212c : Paraffine Wax. 12ViS12»lc.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No 1
75c; pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled!
75c; raw. 73c: cases. 5c more: Lucol. 69c per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil ex
tra winter strained, barrels. 70c: cases. *75c-
China Nut. .68@72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels, 6Sc; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure 65c-
Whale OH, natural white. 37h@42«4c per gal
lon; Fish Oil,- barrels. 33c; cases. 40c.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5\c: Wool Bags. 2SHS32«4c; Fleece
Twine, 7',ic; Fruit Bags, 6%(g6»ic for white and
£%WS«ie for bleached Jute.
' CANNED FRUIT— Extras In 2',4-lb Una are
quoted as follows: Apricots. $1 SO: Cherries. 12
for black. $1 85 for white and $2 for Royal
Anne; Grapes. $1 33: Peaches. $1 65: Pears,
II S5; Plums. $1 35©$1 40; Quinces, $1 65; Straw
berries. $1 73.
COAL— Wellington. i% per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $3; Seattle. »7; Bryant. $7: Coo« Bay.
$3 50; Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Wallsend. $3;
Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel. $11
per ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $18 In
sack?; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand. '.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: - Pure Manila. 12c per lb;
Sisal ilzes and bale rope, 8Hc: Duplex. .Vic
Terms 60 days or 1H per. cent cash discount.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, 3^c; cases, 3*i
64c; imitation Eastern, 5c; Boneless. 4^ie;
strips. 5@Bc; blocks. EOSKc; tablets, 6c: middles,
SHvriid desslcated, 75c.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— WQ 15c for
washed. 12%S13V4c for good washed. 13^;lic for
good to prime washed peaberry. 12® 13c for good
to nrlme peaberry. 114©13c for good to prime.
10\4 < 6Uc for good current mixed with black
beans. 9'/4Sllc for fair. 7U09Ue nom. for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador— llU^U^c for good
to prime washed, lOH'SUc for fair, washed, 12
<513Vic for good to prime washed peaberry. lift
\\\c for good to prime semi-washed. 10»igilc
for superior unwashed, lO^c for good green un
washed. 11®11Hc for good to superior un
washed peaberry. 7V4@9c nom. for common to
ordinary- Nicaragua— 13®16c for prime to fancy
washed. 10>iiS12^c fcr fair- to strictly good
washed. 10U@lW.tC nom. for good to superior
unwashed, lliQHHc nom. for good to prime un
washed • peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican—
13*4^170 for prime to fancy washed, 12'^gl3c
for strictly good washed, H@l2c for good
washed, 9%Siniic for fair washed. 9®aV4c for
medium. 6? 4 ®8%ic for Inferior to ordinary." 13^
14c for good to prime washed peaberry. US
ll%c nom. for good to prime unwashed pea
berry. 10%@'llc. nom. for good to superior un
washed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2S@33c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium. 26®30c: Sole Leather, light.
26@2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy, 27(S2Sc: Rough
Leather, light. 25'926c: Harness Leather, heavy
32@38c; Harness Leather, medium. 30®37c; Har
ness Leather, light. 29®35c; Collar Leather. 15
@16c per foot;- Kip. finished, 4O@5Oc per- lb -
Veal, finished. 50-p35c: Calf, finished. 75c<g$l 20-
Sides, finished. 16017c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14®16c; Rough Splits. »#10c per lb
TANBARK— Ground, $26<f?28 per ton; Stick, $18
@20 per cord. • ' ¦
General Merchandise.
BEEF— 5li<&6c for Steers and 4t4@5c per lb for
'VEAL— Large. 7®Sc; small. 7@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7g"V4c; ewes, 6V4@7c per
pound.
LAMB— SfSHc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5»ic for small, o^tfa^c for
medium and 5U@5Vi for large; stock Hogs and
fteders. 5@0Uc; dressed Hogs, 7^<SS«4c.
Beyond a decline in Mutton there is no change
of any consequence In anything." Receipts about
balance the demand, which is reported slow.
Son Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, loglfic; Northern, defective. 12®
14c; -Middle County, free, 14f?16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12814c: Southern Mountain, 13
months.' 9<S10c; Southern Mountain. free. 7
months', ll(S12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9$llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 18
©17c: Nevada. 13til*)C per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6Vt^Sc: do Lambs'. 8
etc: Middle County. 95?lle per lb.
HOPS— 11H® "Vic per lb.
Dealers continue to report a neglected and
nominal Wool market. Hops rule firm, with
holders rather Indifferent about meeting buyers.
Hides and Tallow stand about the same.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9g5%c; medium. S^c; llf?ht. 8c; Cow
h'.des 8c; Staffs. 6c: Salted Kip, 8c; Salted
Vtal/Sc: Salted Calf. 9c; Dry Hide*. 15c; culls,
lie; Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 15c; culls and
brands, 12c: Sheepskins. Shearlings, 15S23c
each: short Wool. 30<i2-l0c each: medium. 50<&70c:
lcng Wool. 75c© $1 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2®
2 23 for large. $1 73 for medium. $1 for small
and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 50 for
large, $1 25 for medium, Jl for small and 25#50c
lor colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins. Sic;
fall or medium skins. 30c: winter or thin skins.
17V-'S20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large
and smooth. SOc; medium. 35c.
¦TALIXnV— No. 1 rendered, 4@4«ic per lb; No.
2, 3«3^c: grease. 2fS2Hc.
COTTOLENE— On- half-barrel. 8%c;' thre«
half-barrels. Mic; one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces.
S'ic; five tierces, SHc per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, HHc for light medium. 13c for light.
13'/iC for extra light and la^ic for sugar cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12c: Mess Beef.
$12 SO per bbl: extra Mess. $13 B0; Family.
$14 50; extra Prime Pork. $15 50: extra clear.
$19; Mess, $18 SO; Smoked Beef, tt'/iimc per.lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6&ic per lb for com
pound and 9Uc for pure: half -barrels, pure,
9»ic; 10-Ib tins. 10c: 5-lb tins. lOVic
The Western markets are showing more
strength and private wires from Chicago yes
terday rather expected higher prices for Janu
ary. The local market rules firm, with hlRher
prices for barrele! Beef and steady quotations
for all other descriptions. ¦
Provisions.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 12H@15c per lb: Walnuts.
No. 1 softshell, lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell.
10c: No. 2. 7Hc; Almonds, 15@16c for paper
shell. ll£12%c for softshell. Peanuts. 5«8c for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. 119?13c: Cocoanuts. $3 SVR5.
HONEY— Comb. 13H@HHc for bright and 12%4
dflic for light amber; water white, extracted.
7*;e8c: light amber extracted, "fi'^c; dark, 6
@6Hc per lb.
BEEESWAX— 24@25c per lb.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
40-oOs. 7c; 50-60s, 5Uc; 60-70s. 3%c; 70-SOs. 3%c;
SO-SOs. 2»ic: PO-lOOs. 2^ic; 100s and over. 2c:
rubies. Uc premium: Sonomas, Vic and San
Joaqulns. Uc leys than Santa <Haras. except
1003 and over, which stand the Fame. Apricots.
6tfS<: for Royals and lOUUVic for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5<S?6c: sun-dried, 3®4c:
Peaches. 5@5Hc for standard. S^t%ic for choice
and 7©8c for fancy: Pears. 3@7c: Plums, pitted.
5<g6%c: unpitted. l@lUc; Nectarines, 5@5<4c for
red and 5H'9 ( >c for white.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy,
12c per lb; choice, lie: standard. 8*ic: prime.
8c: unbleached. Thompson's 9c per lb. Sul
tanas—Fancy. 10Hc per lb: choice. 9Hc: stand
ard. 8%c; price. 8c; Unbleoched Sultanas. 8c:
Seedless. 50- lb boxes. 6Hc; 2-crown loose Mus
catels, 6c; 3-crown. fi l ,jc: 4-crown, 7c: London
Layers. 2-crown. $1 50 per box: 5-crown. $1 60;
Fancy Clusters. J2; Dehesa. J2 50; Imperial. J3.
All prices f. o. b. at common shipping points
The local trade report a good average move
ment In all fruits except Pears, which are
very slow this year for some reason or other.
Nuts. Raisins and Honey continue firm and In
demand.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
QUINCES— S-B 65c per box. w ,
CRANBERRIES-Cape Cod, $S$S 2a J n J Vl3
consin. per bbl; Coos Bay. $2 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-J2 50@4 50 per chest ior
large and $7©8 for small berries..
RASPBERRIES— $4 50@6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES per lb.
POMEGRANATES— 30@60c per small box ana
»l 25© 1 50 per large box. Z^L, nar rra te
PLUMS— 25®5Oc per box and 60@.oc P<?r " al £-
GRAPES— Muscat, 40<8«5c per crate; ">iacK.
30(§>63c: Tokay. 30@63c: Isabella. 4CK@.oc: «-° r "'"
chon. 50<SJ75c; Wine Grapes. $13©20 for white.
J20«?22 50~ for Mission and $21@25 per ton for
Zlnfandel. _ .
MELONS-Nutmegs, 50/fTS3c per case: t- ant .*r
loupes. 73cS$l 50 per crate: Watermelons. *o<8>
15. with extra large at $20023 -per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedling Oranges. 75C<U>
$2: Valencias. $li©4: Lemons, »1«! for com
mon and $2 50®3 for good to choice; SIfXl "
can Limes. J4tf4 T.0: Bananas, Jl 5*g2 oO per
bunch; Pineapples. Jl 50<ft3 50 per doien.
der large supplies. The Panama steamer
brouzht up 532 boxes Limes. ,,_-„ .how
Pears. Peaches, Plums and Quinces show
little change. .. »nid
A car of Navel Oranges from Arcadia sold
at $Wi 50 per box. It waa good stocK.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ftnd
APPLES-2S@50c per box for common ana
60c<ff$l for good to choice. /-nolcine
PEARS— Winter Nellis. 50c©$l: COOKing
Pears, 25ig > 83c per box.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO l CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1900
WHEAT-Spot No. 2 Western winter, steady.
6s 4d; No. 1 Northern spring, firm, 6s 7d; No. 1
California, quiet, fis 6%d.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
4s 3Hd; do old. nominal: futures, steady; No
vember, 4s 2V^d; December, 4s l"sd; January,
3s lH4d.
LONDON, Oct. 2.— Consols, 9S&. Silver, "EO^d.
French rentes, 99f 97^4c. Wheat cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 standard Cali
fornia. 32s 3d; Walla Walla, 31s. English coun
try markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 2.— Wheat, Quiet. Wheat
In Paris, steady. Flour In Paris, steady.
French country markets, steady. Weather in
England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. . 6%d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Oct. 2.— Wheat dull and nominally
58c for bluestem and 55c for club. Exporters
were not in the market.
WASHINGTON
and even 63c per bushel haa been paid for
valley for milling purposes. Bluestem is easy
at 68c.
Cleared— Ship Ellsa, for Alffoa Bay, with
82,190 bushels wheat.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— FLOUR-Receipts. 26.
310 barrels; exports, 31,200 barrels; sales, 629S
packages; steady, with a moderate trade:
closed unsettled, with the late break In wheat;
winter straights, $3 50^3 65; Minnesota patents,
{4 20fj4 60.
WHEAT— Receipts, 177,275 bushels; exports,
143,230 bushels; sales, 2,850,000 bushels futures,
120,000 bushels spot. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, I
SlSic f. o. b. afloat and 81c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 86">ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 84*ic f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened easy under realizing, but advanced later
en active demand from shorts, inspired by, firm
cable news, more rain In the Northwest, for
eign buying and rumors that the Argentine
crop had suffered from excessive rains. The
market finally broke under a large Increase in
world's stock for the week and closed weak
at net decline; March, 85%<f86Vic, closed
i at 85?4c; May. 85 7-16@S6V 8 c. closed at 85%c;
October closed at 80%c; December, 82%@83 1 / »>c,
closed at 82%e. •?¦':¦'¦-?¦
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL-Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice. <
8V4c; mild, steady; Cordova, 9%@14c. Futures,
closed steady at a net advance or 20^25 points;
total sales, 38.250 bags. Including November,
J7 15<§7 20; December, $7 25<&7 35; January, $7 So
@7 40; March. J7 45® 7 50; May, J7 50@7 60.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining. 4»ic; r cen
trifugal, 96 test. Do; molasses sugar, 4c; re
fined, steady. .
nUTTEH— Receipts. 10.S89 packages: barely
steady; creamery. 18@22c; June creamery, 1SJJ'
21%c; factory. 13Vi@16&c.
EGGS— Receipts. 9S50 packages; firm; Western
regular packing at mark. 12k@lSc; Western.
Iocs off. 20c.
DRIED FRUITS. ,
A rather, weak undertone prevailed In the
market for evaporated apples, owing to the
slack demand, and prices were In buyers' favor,
but not quotably . lower. State common waa
quoted from 3c to 5c; prime, i%<3aV it c: choice.
8
THIS DAY OCTOBER 3, ldOO
At 11 O'clock A. M. . ' '
Fifty head of well-bred young horses, fit for
all purposes, now on exhibition at J. DC
Horan's Stock Yards, corner Tenth and Bryant
ets. This Is a splendid lot ot stock: Intendln?
purchasers will do well to call and ssamlna
this stock. . . ...
Take Market-st. car« and transfer to Eighth :
also Post and MontKomrry-Kt cars pass th»
yards. s. WATKINS. Auctioneer. :
£* 1 Will Sell at Public Auction £*
. 325 and 327 Sixth St..
On WEDNESDAY. October 3. at 11 o'clock.
50 head well brcka horses; must be aa represent-
ed or money refunded. Buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.. same day. '
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. .
Livestock Auctioneers.'
AT GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE?•}. The ' battleship . Iowa.' cruiser Philadel
phia ¦ and • Survey steamer .- Ranger -will
leave for Santa Barbara Channel next
Saturday. They will serve as stakeboats
during the trial of the battleship Wiscon
sin next -week. .
Miss Friend Dies of Lockjaw.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— Miss Cora E.
Friend, the woman who was mangled by
the local train at Twenty-third avenue
several days ago. died this morning at the
.Receiving Hospital. Tetanus set in late
last night and nothing could be done to
prolong -the -woman's life. The hospital
surgeons state that the recent operation
in which cocaine was used Instead of
chloroform was not the cause of the lock-
Jaw.'. .-. ¦.:; '¦._¦¦•.;:¦¦; ' ,¦'.¦... •- ¦
School Board Cannot Make Bepairs.
City Attorney Lane handed down an
opinion yesterday that the repairing of
school ¦ buildings must . be done by the
Board of Public Works upon the order of
the Board of Education, as prescribed by
the charter.
Father McQuade Will Lecture.
San Francisco Council No. 7, Young
Men's Institute, will listen to a lecture by
Rev. Father McQuade on "Life on the
Two Continents" on Wednesday evening,
October 10. at Pioneer Hall. The admis
sion is free. There will also be a fine
musical programme.
Licenced to Marry.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— Marriage licenses
were ipstiPd to-day to William H. Pelton.
34 vears of ape. San Jose, and Elizabeth
Burrell 43. Elmhurst: Albert B. Collins.
30 and Lllla Josephine Groom. 28. both of
Danville* Paul Edward Bolller. 23, and
Amelia Kenny. 28. both of San Francisco;
Walter Scott Simpson. 23. San Francisco,
and Maud Strouss. IS. Alamed.i; Henry
Gale Foote. 22. and Vera Elsie Merrill. 19,
both of Oakland; Frederick Jonathan
Martin 41. 5*an Francisco, and Anna El
ston Trueblood, 24. Berkeley.
Mandate to Release the Strikers.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday issued a mandate to the
United States court of Idaho to release
the ten Coeur d'Alene strikers now in
the penitentiary in San Quentln. It is
expected that the order of release will be
received here in about t»»n days.
Stinson Breaks Records.
BROCKTON. Mass., Oct. 2.— At the Shoe
City oval to-night W. C. Stinnon of Cam
bridge broke every, bicycle record from
three to twenty-eight miles Inclusive In a
three-cornered motor-paced race bet-ween
Stinson, Harry Elkes, the world's cham
pion, and Jamea Moran of Chelsea. It
was to have been a twenty-five mile race,
but Stinson was kept going to see If he
could break the record for an hour. Ow
ing to a misunderstanding, however, he
stopped after the twenty-eighth mile.
Stinson won by three and three-quarter
laps over Moran and four and a half laps
over Elkes. He clipped one minute and
thirty-seven seconds off the 25-mile record,
39;2S, his time being 37:52. „ v
Croker's Horse Wins.
LONDON. Oct_ 2.— At the Nottlng-r<om
Autumn meeting to-day the Bentlnck plate
at one mile and a half resolved Itself into
a match race between Richard Croker's
The Scotchman II. ridden by Lester Relff,
and E. Corrlgran's Chimura, on which
"Skeets" Martin had the -mount. Th«
Scotchman II won. The Elveston Castle
plate, handicap, at five furlongs, was won
by the Nemesis filly owned by E. A.
Wigan, on which RIgby had the mount
Sal Hawkins "Wins.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2.— At Tattersairs to
nlpht Billy Stlft of Chicago and Dick
O'Brien of Lewlston. Me., met at catch
weights, O'Brien - winning easily. Dal
Hawk'ns of California rot the decision
over Otto Zeiloff of Chicago. Clarence
Forbes and Hugh McPaddon of Brooklyn
fouf ht six fast rounds to a draw. The at
tendance was light.
Catholic Truth Society.
The October religious exercises and lec
ture for the members of the Catholic
Truth Society > will be held In St. Mary's
Cathedral this evening at 8 o'clock. The
pamphlet to be distributed is a story of
Chinese missionary life entitled "Father
Rouellot."
Another Room for Law College.
The Supervisors' Public Buildings Com
mittee yesterday recommended that the
Hastings College of the Law be granted
an additional room on the third floor of
the City Hall. The Grand Jury will keep
Its present rooms and In addition the room
adjoining department ten of the Superior
Court. \
Eippert Sent to Railroad Hospital.
William Elppert, who was seriously In
jured by having his leg crushed In a car
and truck accident on Monday, was re
moved to the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company's Hospital yesterday. The re
moval was done at the expense of the
Independent Electric Company. In whose
employ the Injured man was.
Congressman Loud to Speak.
The Republicans of the Forty-first As
sembly District will hold a rally this
evening at Pixley Hali, Pacific and Polk
FtrePts. under the auspices of the regular
Republican Club of the district. Eugene
F. Loud, member of Congress and candi
date for re-election, will be the principal
speaker.
Continental League Meeting.
The members of the Continental League
held a meeting at Saratoga Hall la<5t
night. The organization Indorsed all can
didates nominated In the recent conven
tion. They particularly Indorsed Samuel
Shortridge. Judge Kerrigan, Judge Joach
imsen. Judge Louderback, Judge Groe
zlnger, Judge Dunne. Senator J. G. Tyr
rell and Frank P. MacBeth, who are all
members of the league.
Says He Was Thrown Off.
Judge Daingsrfleld has taken up the trial
of the action instituted by Francisco Del
monte against ihe Southern Pacific Rail
road Company for $10,500 damages. Del
monte purchased a ticket at Vallejo for
Rodeo. The train he was traveling on did
not stop at RoJeo.and later when the con
ductor found him on the train he put him
off miles from his destination. Francisco
says he wandered about all night in the
mud and sloughs.
In Aid of the Fund.
This afternoon an entertainment consist
ing of stereopticon views and dialogues
will be given at 7 Van* Ness avenue in aid
of the Qalveston fund. Admission will be
10 cents for adults and 5 cents for chil
dren. The entertainment is in charge of
Fred Wolfinger. William Brierly, Elsie
Wolfinger and Bessie Patrician.
A grand fair for the aid of the Galves
ton sufferers will be held at 102S Ellis
street to-morrow. Friday and Saturday
afternoons and evenings. October 4. 5 and
6. Among those who will be In the booths
are Sidney Graf. Monroe Lesser. Sol Les
ser. Sartford Rogers. Julian Rogers. Miss
Ruth Rogers and Miss 'lina Bidecoff.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 2.-After hearing ar
guments for and against the remanding
of George MacRae, the officer who killed
Myron Brown. Justice of the Peace Mor
ris decided that he would take the case
under advisement until next Tuesday af
ternoon. The Justice wants the testi
mony written up so that he can get a
chance to go over it again. By agree
ment among the attorneys MacRae was
admitted to bail In the sum of $5000, which
ho furnished immediately. ,
In his argument to secure MacRae s
freedom City Attorney E. K. Taylor
quoted liberally from the Bible to show
that before there can be murder there
mrst first be the Intent. In Numbers and
Joshua there were chapters defining mur
der to be the result of a feeling of hatred
of one member of a congregation toward
his brother. Where there was no malice
nnd one man died by the hands of another
he was to be set free and received into
the congregation. Attorney Taylor paid
there was no intent on MacRae s part to
commit murder. He shot a man while in
the performance of his duty. No jury
could hold the officer guilty of murder
or any subordinate charge.
District Attorney Allen argued briefly
against allowing MacRae to go without
punishment of some sort. >v hile he ala
not think the defendant a willful mur
derer, yet he had exceeded his duty for
using his pistol upon men who were guilty
of a mere misdemeanor.
¦Indications point that Justice Morris
will dismiss MacRae from custody after
a further consideration of the evidence.
LADY DOUGLAS' MOTHER
CTREATES A SENSATION
Jumps Through a Window and Tries
to Throw Herself Into the
Street.
OAKLAND. Oct. 2.— With hair flying in
the wind, wild eyes and a shriek that
startled everybody on Boardway, Marga
ret J Mooney jumped out upon the cornice
of the building at the southeast corner of
Broadway nnd Eighth streets this even-
Ing and shouted "Murder!" and "Help!"
and tried to throw herself Into the street.
She was prevented and -wound up In jail.
Mrs Margaret J. Mooney is the mother
Of Lady Sholto Douglas, and she is. very
well known in Oakland. Her daughter,
who is an artist from the vaudeville
stage, married the second son of the Mar
quis of Queensberry. and this fact, to
gether with an undue amount of publicity
given to that fact, has added not a little
to the celebrity of Mrs. Mooney.
Mrs Mooney went to the law offices of
Robert McKee. In the building from which
she attempted her sensational exit, and
She suddenly became hysterical and
dashed through the window.
Policeman Garrity saw the woman's
danger, for she might have toppled into
the street at any moment. He made his
way Into the building and soon brought
her inside. Having rescued her from'
death Policeman Garrity proceeded to
take her to the City Prison and charged
her with being drunk.
Ladv Sholto Douglas, the daughter of
Mrs Mooney, is now in London with her
husband, who went to his English estates*
upon the death of his father a few months
ago. .-
Case of the Police Officer
to Be Considered by
Justice Morris.
MacRAE ALLOWED
TO GO ON BONDS
RUMORED PLOT TO
KILL McKiMLEY
Canton Police Instructed to
Watch for Two
Italians.
CANTON, OH!o, Oct. 2.— Information
was made public to-night to the effect
that another plot had been discovered to
assassinate President McKinley. Detec
tives connected with the safeguarding of
the President say. they fear that there
are men here or on their way to kill him.
There Is a strong guard about the home
of the President to-night. Every train en
tering the city is being watched and extra
policemen have been detailed to enforce
an order issued to-day by Mayor Robert
son, ex-offlclo Chief of Police, reading:
"Keep a close watch on all strangers
who are seen in the city. Be particular to
watch for two Italians who will probably
be accompanied by an old man who
dresses like and passes for an old soldier.
If these three or either of them are found
arrest them on sight and hold them on
charge of suspicion. Watch all Incoming
and outgoing trains."
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
ALL SYNAGOGUES
WERE THRONGED
Hebrew Day of Atonement
Was Ushered In With
Much Solemnity.
All over the city the discourses of the
rabbis were earnest and advocated higher
spiritual life.
In all the Jewish synagogues last even
ing the services of Yom Klppur, the Day
of Atonement, were begun. At sundown
all the Hebrews began a fast which will
last until the same time this evening. The
services were well attended and were very
impressive. The sound of the harp and
the trumpet were heard. "Vigdal," an
ancient melody, was sung. In all the syn
agogues the services were similar.
At the Temple Emanu-El R<?1»- Dr. Voor
sanger delivered a v«ry strorif*address on
the duties of the Hebrew on the Day of
Atonement. He pictured the prophet of
Israel holding up h!s hands that Israel's
hosts might have victory on the field of
battle, and said that th<? contest between
right and wrong, between good and evil,
might be fairly typified by that historical
battle. Ever the fight between good and
evil continues. He d!d net believe In the
orthodox ldt-a that man had begun the
world all good" and had retrograded. Man
has been struggling upward, and will con
tinue to struggle for higher things. He
counseled Hebrews not to observe the Day
of Atonement in any selfish spirit. They
should include the welfare of the entire
world in their wishes. He said that there
was great disparity between the profes
sions and the practices of the nations of
the world, and Instanced the wars that
have been waged, and opce more referred
with emphasis to the action of France in
the Dreyfus case. Men had cherished
their ancient ideals, but had intellectually
advanced only one step at a time, he said
He closed his discourse with the wish that
the rolgn of peace might come, when
every man should acknowledge the Lord.
The music, led by Cantor Stark, who was
assisted by a large choir and instrument
alists, was remarkably fino.
VALIDITY OF POLICE
COURTS QUESTIONED
the City's Heavy Increase
in Population.
Los. Angeles Tribunals Affected bv
LOS ANOELES. Oct. 2.-Tho validity of
the Police Courts of this city has again
been assailed as the result of the an
nouncement by the Census Bureau that
the population of Los Angeles is 102,479.
These courts owe their jurisdiction to the
Whitney act. which provides for tribu
nals of their character In cities contain
ing a population of not less than 30,000 nor
more than 100.000. ; .
Soon after the city census authorized
by tho Council in 1897, which Indicated a
population In excess of 100,000. the ques
tion of the validity of the Police Courts
was raised and Judpe Van Wyck ruled
that they had no lesral existence. His
decision was reversed by the Supreme
Court on the ground that the population
of the city was officially as stated by the
Federal census of 1RM and must so re
main until changed by the next Govern
ment census. . ...
Spwlal Dispatch to The Call.
DAILEY SENTENCED TO DEATH.
HANFORD, Oct. 2.— Isaac Dailey, who
murdered Lemuel Metts at Lemoore on
July 10, wa« to-day sentenced by Judge
Short to be hanged at San Quentln on
December 14. Before sentence was pro
nounced. Dailey's attorney moved for a
new trial on the ground that the prisoner
was insane at the time the crime was
committed. The court denied the motion.
MURDER OB SUICIDE.
TACOMA. Oct. 2.— The body, of O. C.
Kline was found floating .this morninjr
near Sixteenth and Dock streets.; There
was a bullet hole in his right temple. It
may be either a case of murder or suicide.
Kline was about 60 years of- age and had
been cashier in a restaurant. He was an
uncle of Dr. Harry Kline of Seattle. He
was seen alive last Saturday.
Electrical Workers to Strike.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2.— The electrical
workers of this city held a meeting to
night and decided to strike to-morrow
morning. They demand an eight-hour
schedule and an Increase In the pay of
foremen from $3 to $3 50 per day: also an
increase in the pay of linemen from $2 60
to $3 per day and pay and a half for over
time. About eighty-five men will go but,
four local companies being affected.
Incendiary Fire at San Jose.
Facial DiFi.atch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Oct/2— TJiere was a hot flre
in Woolen Mill Chinntown this .morning
and for a time it looked as though the
whole place would be burned. As it was.
only a large brick building and a row of
shacks were destroyed, incurring a lbs* of
not over J2000. About ten days ago a Chi
nese was murdered in one of the shacks
destroyed. Here Tong Dong lodged and
boarded the Chinese employed in the
woolen mills, and it is believed that to
day's fire was Incendiary. The murder
was the rosult of a quarrel among the
mlllmen, and It Is declared they fired the
place because Dong refused to stand iri
and hush up the crime. The murderer haa
not yet been arrested.
NORTH YAKIMA, Oct. 2.— Fire broke
out at 1 o'clock this morning in the gro
cery store of H. L. Stutsman. The build
ing and stock were destroyed. Fred Stilts
man. a 13-year-old boy, was suffocated in
an upstairs bedroom, where It 1h sup
posed the fire originated. His 15-year-old
sister Kavod hprself by jumping from a
sreond-stnry window. The fire Is sup
posort to have originated in the bedroom
of the boy. HIr mother was verv pick
with typhoid fever and a nurse was at
tending her. The boy had been called
about midnight to get ice and Is thought
to have dropped asleep leaving a candl»
burning by his bedside.
PERISHES IN BURNING HOUSE.
Morgan Has Acquired His
Firm's Interests.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— James Speyer,
head of the banking house of Speyyr &
Co., whose Interests in the Southern Pa
cific Railroad are known to be very large,
declined to-day to confirm or deny the re
port sent from abroad to the effect that
the firm's interest in that property is to
be acquired by J. P. Morgan & Co.
From a source close to the Speycrs' in
terest 't was lep.rned that Mr. Speyer had
not mc-t President Cassatt of the Penn
sylvania road last summer, so that he
could not have discussed Southern Pacific
affairs with Mr. Ca«»atf as reported.
At the offices of J. P. Morgan & Co. no
information concerning the matter was
vouchsafed.
Refuses to Talk of the Rumor That
SPEYER WILL NEITHER
CONFIRM NOR DENY
SANTA ROSA HOTEL
DESTROYED BY FIRE
All of the Guests Succeed in Escaping
From the Burning Magnolia
House.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 3.— The Magnolia
Hotel belonging to J. F. Smith was de
stroyed by fire at an early hour thli
morning. Estimates of the loss vary from
JSOOO to $15,000.
The flames were first seen about 1
o'clock breaking through the roof of a
woodshed adjoining the rear of the hotel.
Rain wns falUns, but it had no effect
on the fire, which soon spread throughout
the building. By the efforts of the fire
men and citizens all the guests of the
hotel were aroused and aided to escape
from their rooms. The hotel was entire
ly gutted and is a total loss.
CENTRAL CALIFORNIA
RECEIVES A WETTING
Downpour of Rain Does Slight Dam
age to Grapes in Some
Localities.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, Oct. 2.— The first rain of the
season fell here this afternoon. Indica
tions point to a heavy fall before morning.
Dry feed on pasture lands may be slightly
damaged.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 2.— A shower fell
here to-night and more is expected. There
are still a great many grapes to be picked,
and a good wetting, followed by moist
weather, would spoil them for shipping.
STOCKTON, Oct. 2.— Rain commenced
falling- to-night about 10 o'clock, but it
soon ceased and did not even lay the duat.
It had no effect on fruit, raisins or any
other crop.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 2.— Heavy rain be
gan here this afternoon and is general
over the county. Indications to-night are
for a heavy storm, and !f It comes con
siderable damage to grapes will result.
GILROY, Oct. 2.— A light rain com
menced falling this evening, with Indica
tions for a continued downpour. Many
prunes are yet out on the trays and will
suffer. *
GERMANTOWN, Oct. 2.— Rain began
falling at noon and to-night there H a
steady downpour. Farmers were pre
pared for It.
SONOMA, Oct. 2.— Rain began to fall
here early this ntfernoon and continued
up to 6 o'clock, when It changed to occa
sional heavy showers.
NAPA. Oct. 2.— Rain Is falling heavily
here to-night.
New Bank for Grass Valley.
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 2.— San Fran
cisco capitalists who have a large Interest
in the Germanla Trust Company and the
Swiss-American Bank of San Francisco
have organized the Nevada County Bank,
and will commence business in Grass Val
ley on November 1. They have selected
one of the most desirable locations In th<>
city for their business. O. H. Root, form
erly connected with the Salinas Bank,
will be cashier. The bank will bel
equipped with safety vaults. "A branch
Institution will be established at Nevada
City. ¦- N
CHINESE TtTRNED BACK ¦'
BY MEN OF BULLY HILL
Employment of Asiatics as Cooks
Prevented by the Action
of Miners. .. ! :
REDDING. Oct. 2.— Two Chinese whn
were to have been employed as- coo*ts at .;
the Bully Hill copper mining . property ¦
acquired by Captain J. R. Delamnr. were
to-day met by a delegation of men from
Copper City and the region of the mine*
when within a few mfle* of thefr objec- ;
tlve point, taken cut of the stage and
started on foot on the backward trip. .
with a warnimsr not to return. There was "•
no demonstration accompanying the act
of the white men.
The Celestials passed through Redrlin^
ott Tuesday tnomlni? on their way to th«
mine. Citizens of Copper City. Salle and
Pelamar towns In the vicinity of Buily
Hill heard of the Intended importation of
Chinese labor. A mass, meeting wait held
and action decided upon.
Shasta County Is, perhaps; the banner .:
anti-Oriental labor county in the State. ¦
There are neither Chinese nor Japanese :
In Keswlck or Redding.
Breaks World's Record.
SALT LAKE. Oct. 2.— At the Salt Pal
ace track to-night Charles and Clem Tur
ville rode a mile In 1:27 2-5 on a- motor
cycle, breaking the world's record for an
eight-lap track. -
e striking. It. will consist of a black
atin skirt to the shoetops. a full «1re*«t
oat. red English waistcoat, white shirts
nd flashy, neckties. • In place of b»nuti
ul hair there, will be wigs .of wool in
inks. . . ; '
Violated the Game Law.
John R. Goodall of the firm of Mitchell
& Gcodall, commission merchants, SOS
Washington street, was arrested yester
day on a warrant sworn to by the Fish
and Game Commissioners and charged
with having valley quail in his possession.
He will be vigorously prosecuted for his
violation of the law. On September IS a
deputy fish commissioner confiscated a
few dczen quail that had been shipped to
Goodali by a man named Peterson, who
lives at Wallace, Cal. Peterson was ar
rested and was fined for his part in the
transaction. The Fish Commissioners se
cured the letters that Goodall wrote to
Peterson and will base their prosecution
on them.
THREE OP THE LADIES WHO
ARE TO BLACKEN THEIR
FACES FOR CHARITY.
Mrs. Watt's friends proposed to run her
for president, but it is quite unlikely that
phe will be a candidate. Though she ,has
resigned the resignation was not accepted
and she is still a member of the club, but
has take no part in its affairs since the
recent troubles.
Some of the members who withdrew
from the Oakland Club after the friend?
of Mrs. Watt had taken the reins of gov
ernment have returned to the work of
the club, and the chances are that Mrs.
Watt and her friends will allow the Oak
land Club to continue upon the even tenor
of its way. which has been sadly uneven
of late. Mrs. Watt has all of her belong
ings, and the new club has notified the
Domestic Science department of the old
club, which had its headquarters in the
building at the corner of Peralta and
Fifth streets, owned by Mrs. Watt, to
move. New quarters will be taken up
town and the work continued.
Oakland Club refused to assume the re
sponsibility of the improvements made by
Mrs. Watt in this very work and for the
construction of these very buildings, and
then claimed that her management of the
Domestic Science Monthly was not care
ful and asked her to resign, the storm
broke that culminated in many a with
drawal from the Oakland Club. When
the storm cleared away nothing was
shown but lack of attention to details in
finances, misunderstandings as to where
responsibility began and ended. But many
a tear was shed and many a heartache
had over it all, and not a few bitter words
said.
The club passed votes of confidence in
Mrs. Watt and Mrs. Watt paid all of the
bills that she had incurred in the con
struction of these buildings and then re
signed from the club.
This has settled, to some extent, the ap
proaching election of the Oakland Club.
MRS. ROBERT WATT. WHO, AFTER WITHDRAWING FROM OAKLAND
CLUB. HAS ORGANIZED A NEW CHARITABLE BODY AND PRE
PARED TO CARRY ON WORK SHE IS INTERESTED IN.
Dunn Goes to See Powderly.
Chief Dunn of the Chinese Bureau re
ceived a dispatch frcm Immigration Com
missioner Pov/derly yesterday summoning
him to Washington for the purpose of
holding a conference regarding Chinese
immigration matters on this coast. Mr.
Dunn embodied certain ideas in a letter
to Commissioner Powderly, and the dis
patch of yesterday is the reply to the let
ter. Mr. Dunn said that he would start
for Washington before the end of the
present week and would take his vacation
In his home State. Ohio, after finishing
his conference with Commissioner Pow
derly. Chief Dunn will be at his old home
en election day and will cast his 'ballot
there for McKinley and Roosevelt. Mr.
Dunn's successor pro tern, has not yet
been named.
Here are the names of the society
women who have, agreed to put shading
on their" face3 and appear for charity:
Miss Eva Fisher, Miss Emma Hunter.-
Mrs. Charles Gibbs, the Misses Mecart
ney, Miss Grace Cook. Mrs. Percy Has
lett. Miss Mae Herbert, Miss Jessie Jam
leson, Mrs. Charles Neal.- Miss Florence
Haile, Miss Harriet Austin. Mrs. Harry
Masterson. Miss Mabel Miller. Miss May
Bramhall, Miss Mamie Parks, Mrs.
Charles Allardyce, Mrs. Charles C.
Hughes, Miss Mae Collier, Mrs. Fred
Youngberg. Mrs. John Rathburn. Miss
Lulu Daniells. Miss Belle McCurrie.
Though the arrangements are by no
moans complete, the following assign
ments of endwomen and soloists have
been decided upon: Miss Eva Fisher.
Miss Harriet Austin. Mrs. Gibbs. and
Miss Jessie Jamleson. bones: Miss Mabel
Miller, Mrs. Charlotte Allen, Miss Emma
Hunter and Miss Meta Mecartney, tam
bourines; Mrs. Charles Hughes, Miss L.ulu
¦par.lells. Mrs. Charles AUardyee and Mrs.
Fred Youngberg, soloists. Miss Grace
Cook has been selected to preside as in
terlocutor. '. •
The attire of the lady mlnstrel3 will
ALAMEDA, Oct. 2.— In the name of
charity, thirty Alameda society
women stand prepared to sacri
fice their complexions by veneer
ing them with burnt cork, and
to appear In public in a minstrel show.
Their faces equipped with deep- mourn
ing-, these thirty iTark ,secreta will enter
tain their society friends in the most mod
ern style of minstrelsy. The show will
contain the usual quota of endmen, solo
ists and comedians, except that the place
ofthe usual man will be taken by the so
ciety woman. It will be an affair, every
feature of which will be managed by the
ladies.
The Idea of organizing a. society
women's minstrel troupe originated with
Mrs. Charles Gibbs and Miss Harriet
Austin. They were arranging for a house
entertainment for the benefit of the Ala
meda Woman's Charitable Association,
the funds of which are almost depleted.
Quite accidentally Mrs. Gibbs proposed
that the entertainers blacken their faces.
Then Miss Austin proposed something
more— a minstrel show. The idea "took
immediately and now the whole town is
Interested. The net proceeds of the per
formance will be turned over to the needy
charitable association. November 1 is the
time set for the minstrel show, that is to
take place in Harmony Hall.
The thirty women who are to do a turn
each in burnt cork behind the footlights
will do all the things that are performed
bv men in a minstrel show. There will be
six endwomen with their tambourines
and bones: the Interlocutor to assist the
pun makers: cakewalkers, who will walk
for a prize; hoedowns and plantation mel
odies. There will bo a "cullud' ladies'
orchestra. A one act farce will contain
only women performers.
ATCT,AN*D. Oct. 2— The wlthdraw
g[ -\ ai of Mrs. Robert Watt, from the
m Oakland Club after the troubles
!^^^r of a few weeks ago has resulted
in the formation of a' new phil
anthropic Hub in Oakland of which Mrs.
Watt Is th* -principal organizer, though
not.th.'* president. The members of the
new club ar«* all supporters of Mrs. Watt
Jr. ..the affair of., ihe -Oakland Club, and
•while they have- not withdrawn from the
lazier organization, as did their leader.
Th«ir. allenta-nee-will be given to the new
prganiiayon rather than to the old.
':"¦; Jn departing from' their old. love the
members of the . new organization have
taken their "doll raprs" with them. They
liav* -taken the cooking school headquart
er:?, over which' most of the trouble oc
eurrea; and for which Mr?. Robert Watt
>aid ail of the- -bills., and they, will make
'rheir headquarters at that place. All of
the furniture'from the fiitorial rooms of
th* /"Domestic ;Eci*>nr> Mor'^hly" at the
c!d headquarters. 1119 Jelfenwn street, hag
¦been.taken. ' and" the (editorial rooms are
now denuded. A? Uieaje rooms were furn
ished entirely by Mr5:. Watt at iier own
expehi-e the fureisMnps went with her
•withdrawal from the club.
•"• The new club has been named the Pe
r&lta Park <"iu]>. from its location upon
"Peralta street, ..and the object for which
U has been orga-nized— that of securing a
park, in that section. A temporary or
gkhlzaiion hmM been effected and to-mor
row ' the ;>npaJiization will be completed.
The following bOceri have been chosen,
i?j\ will ne made permanent officers of
the rli;b: President. Mrs. Henry Good
coll:' vio«.. president. Mrs. Robert Watt;
te-cmary. .Miss- Anna Jean Craib; treas
urer. Mrs. James Kj. " Wheeler.
T^ membership of the new club to date
1« as follows: Mn». Robert Watt, Mrs.
Henry Ooodceil*- Mr*. James L. Wheeler.
Mrs. FL T. Jlarber. Mrs. Evelyn Craib.
Miss' <"ra.Tcfon1. Miss Mary Olney. Miss
FTPrriTt. ML«s J>ouise Wukefield. .Miss Jan
pen. Miss 'Wheat on> Miss Anna Jean
Trail) and Mr?. Whi?ehnuse.
Thfs oluh is reaJly a continuation of the
¦work of Mrs. rtohert Watt, which has
W«=-n carried on in ihis section for twelve
vf-ars... and with great «ood to the neiph
fornood. FVtr.a tvr.ile the work was
glared upon th<» Oakland Club under the
fu':?** of a ••department.'." but when the
trouble came t!iat anally resulted in the
wiThdrawal of Mrs. .Watt that lady con
tinued her work in this section.
With th*» new; dub Mrs. Watt proposes
tf> continue h*r social settlement work.
the sowing . school and all of her work
¦traong the -children of that section, and
will add to it the work of obtaining 1 a re
creation park for them. The club will oc
<UP7 -til* buildings that caused most of
the: troubles of th* Oakland Club and will
Utilize the furniture of tbe editorial rooms
of the Iiom^tir, Science Monthly, which
caused the rest at the trouble in the Oak
'¦la'ri'd Club: The ladies propose to offer to
tbe Oakland library trustees one of their
¦room*, for a free reading room for that
fp'-rion. and many minor details are
planned- for the improvement of that eec
•t.iPn. ¦.-..¦.-.•
¦ But. had it not been for the chasm that
was created in ihe Oakland Club it is un
likely that the Peralta Park Club would
¦erer have been formed. But when the
Pleaded Her Own Case
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— Mr?. Annie
Ray is one; of the newest of new
women. Shi to-day filed suit for a
divorce from Joseph Ray. appear
ing a? Her own attorney and spurn
¦ ihK the advice of lawyers. Mrs.
Ray prepared the necessary papers
herself, setting forth that her hus
band is a felon confined In a prison
cell at Sari Quentin and that she
vgjn no. -lnn£er bear the odium of
• heiajr known as', a convict'** wife.
'The document is concise and states
that Mr*. Ray appears as her own
attorney. She asks the court for
the custody t>f her boy.
Movement Is a Direet Result of the Reeent Unfortunate
Troubles in the Oakland Club.
Are to Appear as -Minstrels for Benefit of the Alameda
Woman's Charitable Association.
SOCIETY WOMAN TO MAKE DARK SECRETS
OF THEMSELVES FOR JUST ONE FVE NIKS
SUPPORTED BY FOLLOWERS MRS. WAIT
ORGANIZES NEW PHILANTHROPIC BODY
W. H. Snow, an aged tailor, residing
at 820V4 Bush street and connected with
the firm of P. Beamish & Co. at 209 Mont
gomery street, was held up and robbed
by four soldiers at the corner of Leaven
worth and Bush streets last evening.
Snow, who is 63 years of age. was re
lieved of his watch and chain by the
thugs and received several ugly cuts on
the head, which seem to have been in
flicted by some sharp instrument. Coin
amounting to- $60 was overlooked by the
thieves. *
According to the story of Snow, who is
now confined to his bed as a result of
his Injuries, the soldiers approached him
at the corner where the hold-up occurred
and demanded carfare to the . Presidio.
This was shortly after 7 o'clock. The old
man put his hand into his pocket intend
ing to comply with the request when he
was attacked by the ruffians. He was
struck on the head several times and
dazed for a few seconds. As the blood
trickled down from the wound the soldiers
proceeded to steal the watch and chain.
Snow wont to his residence as quickly
as possible and told his family of. the
hold-up. His son and daughter immedi
ately pave the information to Officer
James JV Ferrell. The officer took them
to Captain Seymour at the Hall of Jus
tice, where a complete report was made.
Detectives were at once placed on the
case and the department has hopes of
landing the highwaymen.
to Capture the
Robbers.
I>etectives Detailed on the Case and
the Police Department Hopes
BRUTAL CRIME
COMMITTED BY
FOUR SOLDIERS
Aged William -.Snow Beaten
and Robbed of Watch
and Chain.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDJSJKSDAYT, OCTOBER 3, 1900.
Will Serve as Stakeboats.
9
®VIM, VIGOR. VnALfTYforlWE^
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLrt
. have been in use over fifty
y»ar» by the leaders of th»
Mormon Churth and their fol-
lower* PosltlTely cures tha
wor»t ca»e» In old and young
arising from tftects of self-
abuse. dlf*!patlon. etcM«ea or
c1«rarette-«moklnit. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impoteney. Lout
Power. Nlicht Lown. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back, Eril Denlre*. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, ITnfltncss to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mm Varleocele or Cnn-
ftlpatton. Stops Ne "^ (J rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effect*^T— m — m » r • Immediate.
Impart rigor and*-^'"' to erery
function. Don't *et despondent: a cure la at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped onr.ma.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 3fc a
box; « for 12 50 by mall. A written iruarantea to
cure or money«refunded with < boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 4. Ellis
• t.. San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT PItCO CO..
38 and 40 Third at.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
: to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial, packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will writs the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical nufTering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature*
less of strength and memory., weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home. . ¦
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to* act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. T3S Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free ?ria! packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute is de-
rlrous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy it Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any' man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so th«t Its recipient need
nave no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to wrlto
without delay.
' TaJV this subieet over .with your
friends rtid see bow -many amohe vou
can win nrizes. It is a good. hon«"st
competition and in ,the best kind of a
cause. • Cut fhis statement out. for it will
not appear. again.
Tvery friend ol Postum Js urged to
write ™d each letter will be held in hitrh
e«tecrn !•>• the companv. as an evidence,
of snc'ti friendship., while the little boxes
of gold and envelopes of money will
reach mnnv modest writers whose plain
r>nd <ert=ible letters contain the facts d--
*ire^. altnoTigb the sender may have but
«nvill. faith in winning at the time of
V.T' f iriiT. " .
•- . Almost every one interested in pure
fond anil drink h willing to have their
:namf art J letter apnear in th<? .papers for
such he*o as. it may offer to the human
rare." However, a request to omit name
\vill-Tif,Ufpcctcd. '•
Deckion will be made between Octo-
ber 30 ?.nd November 10. iqoo. bv three
i'i.dpr«. rot members of the Postum
Cereal Co.. nnd a neat little box conUin-
irqg a $10 irold T'iccr sent to each of the
five" best, writers, a box containing a %*
pold piece to each of the 20 next best
writers, a $2 greenback to each of the
too next be<r. and a $r greenback to
each- of the 200 next best writers.
•making cash" prizes distributed to jit
persons.
.Address your letter to the Postum
Cereal Co.. Ltd.. Battle Creek. Mich .
Vriting your own name and. address
•dearly. ¦ ¦" . "
Be. hnnest- and truthful: don't write
poetry" or fanciful [ letters, .just plain.
trWhfnl statements.- ..- r-. - ,
• rj;. Write name? and addresses of 20
friends- whom .you believe \youM be ben-
efited by leaving o.fT coffee. (Your name
¦wi.ll not be divulged to them.)
• . 4 ¦ Have you ever found a better way
•lo, itiake it thari to use four heaping tea-
to- the pint- of water, let stand
/on- stove until real boiling begins, then
•note the clock -and nllow it to continue
ea<iy tailing full 15 minute* from that
time, stirring down occasionally? (A
¦ uiece. <">f butter about the «i7.e of a navy
bean, plnccd in the pot will prevent boil-
ing' over.) . ' ¦ "
• 5. Give nrimes and account of tho«e
¦you know lo ITave been cured or- helped
•jri; hea'th by fhe di=mi?sa1 of coffee and
¦jht diMly use of Poftum Food Coffee in
.'•its place. .
¦' ¦':$. Did you set such a person right re-
?ardink the easy way to make Postum
clear. I lack, -and with a crisp, rich
tane> ; • -. '
" 2y $)a you know any one who has
been. driven aA\ ay from Postum because
it came to thetab'c weak and character-
less at the first trial?/
[]'.'[¦' And Many Greenbacks.
. • ;To secure, a-dditional information di-
fectty from the people it is proposed to
Fertid. littie b'G.x.cs of gold and jveen-
bacl<« to persons who write the most in-
teTfs-tin.7; detailed and truthful descrip-
tions of -their Experience on the follow-
ing-topics: .-; ¦'.
,;:j:.Ho«- j have you" been . affected by
enffee driukiiig. and by changing from
coffee to Pfwurn?
MORE BOXES OF GOLD,
POSTTJM CEBZAX. •
"fyfrmWmW INJECTION. .
A PERMANENT CURE
of the most obstinate canes of Gonoirhaa
•nd Gleet, rairanteed in from 3 to ft
daj* ; nc outer treatment required.
.) Sold bj all drnggiats.
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1900.
10
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
BHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss A Co.'s factory,
ZV/i Fremont st.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
YOUNG (rirl for light general housework; fam-
ily of 2; no washing; wages. $15: references;
call afternoons. DR. R. E. WILLIAMS. 722
Bay St., near Hyde.
WANTED— Assistant nurse girl. 1216 Masonic
ave.. near Halght; call- between 9 and 2.
NEAT strong girl to assist In housework;
small family; wages $10; good home. 503
Guerrero st
WANTED— Ladies to learn to be acrobats, to
travel. Call 1231 Market, r. 3, bet 1 and 4.
WANTED — Young apprentice at dressmaking;
paid while . learning. Apply 1344 Geary st
WANTED— Good steady finishers en pants;
steady work. 167 Fourth st,
GIRL for light housework and assist elderly
lady. 71» Franklin st. .
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work; wages $20. Apply at 1025 Devlsadero.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and apprentices on
coats. 222 Kearny st. . -
FINISHER and girl to help operating on cus-
tom coats. 126 Run it.
WOMAN for plain cooking. $20. At HER-
MAN'S, 26 Steuart st. upstairs.
WANTED — Good pants finishers; good pay and
steady work. &4S Sixth Bt. ¦
TAILORESS, fine pants finisher, at 5V4 Kearny
st. room II. .
GIRLS wanted at United States Laundry. Six-
teenth st.. near Valencia. P
IRONERS wanted at United States Laundry.
Sixteenth st, near Valencia. .
EXPERIENCED operators 'on silk waists. $10
week. LIVINGSTON MFG. CO.. 226 Bush st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. . .
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MEN- wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st
NEW goods; .quick -sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.,
. Flood building. / --¦;.- ¦ ~
ALL Blzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts. -•
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, lOo, 15c anJ
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st
LINDELL e Houae. corner BUth and Howard--
Rooms, 15o to 25o night; 76o $0 |3 pet week* :
ED MASON. Call at 1348 Howard st.
BOY wanted to drive butcher cart; exporlenced
preferred. People's Market, cor. 16th, Market
A TAILOR to work on custom coats; good
waxes. 1130 Turk st.
GOOD helper wanted, plumbing work. Call
early. 238 Third st.
WANTED— Walter at 860 Howard Bt
BAKER, second hand. 142 Second st.
STRONG boy or young man to learn baking
trade. $1S and found. 142 Second st
¦WANTED — Young butcher for shop and wagon.
1823 Point Lobos avenue.
WANTED— A barber: steady; at 300 Golden
Gate avenue, corner Hyde.
¦WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. 3310 Sac-
ramento Bt. . -
DISHWASHER wanted. 1S22 Kentucky st
TALENTED amateur perform*-* wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
PAINTER -with some experience for pasting.
Call 536V& Jessie Bt. early.
•WANTED— Cake baker. 123 Taylor st
BARBER SHOP for sale cheap; come and see
me. 36 Market st
WANTED— Barber shop In good country Awn.
Box 2238. Call Office. - - -
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
COOPERS wanted at the California Barrel
Company. Twenty-second and Illinois sts.
SHOEMAKER on repairing wanted at 1416 Va-
: lencia st. -
WANTED — An experienced coal oil canvasser.
Pioneer Oil Co., 731 Clementina st., between
6 and 7 p. m.
STOLTZ, barber supplies, removed from 630
Market (basement) to 636 Market St., upstairs.
UNDERPRESSERS wanted on coats, pants
I and vests. 541 Market st.
STRONG boy to work In store. Apply at 408
Kearny st.
BARBERS— A complete 3-chalr outfit for sale
at a bargain. Call 903 Larkln st
BARBER shop, two-chair, for sale cheap;
owner, has other business. 3H2 Twenty-fourth.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week at
cash rrlces. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, 16
'" ...........years' practice; Examiner building.
BOYS wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA-
" CIFIC GLASS WORKS,: 7th ¦ and Townsend.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
laTEaxU.o* world, HBEMAN's7 4«fewn»rt;
WANTED— A boy to learn a trade. 242 Fre-
mont st.
WANTED— Second cook; no Sunday work; $20
per month; restaurant. 28 First st
SAFES— New ar
WALTZ SAFF
WANTED— Good coatmaker at 225*4 Montgom-
ery ave.: also a boy.
WANTED— Steady man; light, genteel work;
will pay $15 to $18 per week; small capital
required. 1016 Market St.. room 10.
10 MEN for merchant ships, all parts of the
world. HERMAN. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; -highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for . quick work.
Apply immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
INO CO., Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth sts., off Folsom.
WANTED — Coal miners and laborers. Apply
Stone Canyon Coal Co., 904-5 Call building,
10 o'clock.
HELP WAJfTED— MA1.B.
WANTED— Recrulta for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy; able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of a and 35 years; not less than 6 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruitlns Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st, San Francisco, Cal., 530 K st,
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1053 J St.. Fresno. Cal.
WE want 10 honest. Industrious men to solicit
In city and county; experience not necessary;
we teach you the business; good contracts for
sober men willing to work. White Sewing
Machine Co.. 300 Post st.. cor. Stockton. •
"WANTED— Laborers and . mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno Housa proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 larza
rooms; 25c rer night; $1 to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Bt. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: ireadlnc-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the, ferry.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 5Z7 Four-
teenth st. near Guerrero. ¦ .
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C9S
Valencia st " ¦ . .
HEMORRHOIDS. '
PILES— S0O permanent cures In San Francisco,
who can be seen: no operation: no pain: par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950, Call.
HORSES, LIVi: STOCK. Utr— For Sal«
40 HORSES for sale; also* wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S stables. 57 Minna St.. be-
tween First and Second. .
SORREL mare; good traveler; must sell;
cheap. Apply 111? Howard st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST ASP FOtm - /_•
LOST— English setter dog; tag, Alameda li-
cense. Return 307 Sacrpmento st; reward, for
deg or Information. $20.
LOST— Masonic keystcne on Third or Mission;
name J. E. PARMLEE 'on charm. Return
2668 Mission St.; liberal reward.
MASSAGE.
EMILY -SEGSWORTH, assistant to Dr. A. B.
Wlllcox. . scientific masseuse, room 40. St.
Ann's' building; hours. 9 a. m. to 12:30.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladies treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure:
any one can use It; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 Market st. cor. Sixth;
reliable ladles' specialist; home treatment, $5,
safe and sure cure guaranteed; ladies treated
at office can return home the same day; pri-
vate home before and during- confinement;
best medical care; hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. Q. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023H Market st
DRS. GOODWIN. well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases wltti
success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1U07H Market st. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. "WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
NG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento st., corner Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spedal-
lst: home In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free: hours 10 to 8. - .
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist; practical physician for 37
years; always successful. 313 Kearny st
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, id-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, ' new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission st..
above Sixth; write for catalogue. \
FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW, 216 Spear st
LARGE-SIZE microscope, suitable for a physi-
cian, for $20; original cost, $45. UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant ave. .
STEEL TANKS, all sizes; suitable for water or
oil; cheap; all shapes; second hand. II. S.
WHITE. 516 Mission st .
A— 10O HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 8-driIl
air compressor. JARDINES, 220 Fremont st
THREE working horses, $20 and up. Apply
grocery. Van Ness and McAllister sts.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and ' 2d hand : moving
pictures'. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post St.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stktn.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st. . ]
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out- ;
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery. '
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Ca
SAFES — New and second hand; all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFK. 1C9-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
"WANTED — Second-hand lady's bicycle; full
particulars, cost, etc Box 4998. Call.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllvermsn. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1131.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brie- I
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 141.
MONEY TO LOAX.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
-. Interests In Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Estate.. ..
Financial crobtems of all sorts and slits
solved by HERMAN -MURPHY, 630 Market.
ANY amount at « per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mor'-
gaees. undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought- no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 1.
ANY proposition, any amount; ( per cent- first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, lecacles, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages life Insurance. Room Is, first floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLS EN'!
H , I .? HL , Y /"Stable private place to obtain !
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at lo-w- i
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S4S Market
et. : tel. Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $300,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BRQWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
A— NOTICE— Golden Gate Loan Office, 10 Sixth
3fcV^Pi£S T 5 " om K| PP ur >. Jewish holi-
day. A% ednesday. October S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. lOSlxth-
highest price for old, gold, sliver, diamonds.
ON furniture and pianos Without removal quick
service; money direct; Idlest Interest Rboms
68 and 69. Donohoe j/ulldlng, mo MarketTt?
AT 126 Kearny st. room 9, respectable private
S?~- t tak2 r S e X»1 n W '! C^' diamond,; lowe't
rates, take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
0 ™' ,/ prlv , ate , on furniture and
BO\°fttt »,T al: low rates : confidential.
-BONELLI. 301 Jones st. corner Eddy.
P t y nt^ ? We loan mone > r to t>utld with;
TOMpTvt .y >3 « yment '- HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. »22 Sansome St.. room 2.*
M^^7 °c n » f " rnl , tu «' a na P«anos without re-
moval. St. Ann's building, 6 Eddy, room 72.
M inw E rTt t0 'S?, 11 .? 11 furnl t«re by Private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
M HU E lI ™ D< S '?J ari £ d peopIe w »hout security.
.. hill, rm. 44, Merchants', Ex., 431 California.
0 SL f M r ? ltUn M lnd 5lanos : no removal; confl-
acntlal: nn diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st
TO salaried people without security- all busi-
ners confidential. Tousley Co-ViS Pa£ott bf K
CASH loaned to salaried peopl» on note without
' indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister Vt~
TO JS a l ar i e \, p 5?. pl<> ""hout collateral or In-
fioner. fc>. Dtocwnt Ajenqr. Ionian Mf.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. :
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY A CO.' 3 have the prtvUeg* of ex-
changing for a STEINWAT any time. within
% thre* years and full purchase price allowed;
th« best makers of every grade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $8 cash. $S per month;
some good pianos for $3. $4 and. $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.. STEINTCAT
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sta..
Ban Francisco; .corner Broadway and TMr-
teenth sts.. Oakland. .
A NICE piano for beginners: .' •• 1^5
One a little better .- ....... 83
One still better .' 100
Fine Hallet A Davis * 135
Klngsbury. slightly used 1*>
Easy payments; Chickering, Vos-. .Sterling.
Curtaz and other pianos: sheet rhuslo and
everything In the music line. BENJ.' CUR-
TAZ A SON. 18 O'Farrell st ' ¦
ASOLUTELY the- largest exclusive wholesale
. and retail piano house west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains In all 'standard makes from £0 to
$235. Agents for HaHet & Davis.. Boston's old--
est and most famous piano; also Behr Bros.
and 10 other-makes. Pianos rent: rent allowed
If purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Ogary.
DON'T fall to see the beautiful' Decker A Son
baby grands Just received at MAUVAIS'. ?K»
. Market st. They are the best ever shown la
th« city. '¦ ¦
A RELIABLE piano can^ b» bought only from
a reliable house. The ZENO MAUVAI3 ML'-
EtC CO. Is such a house. Their address Is
769 Market *t. .
NO matter what you want in the line of mu-
sical goods, yon can always do best at UAU-
' VAIS'. 763 Market st. . . \
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'3. 26.
28 and 30 Q'Farrell St.; pianos, organs an<V
all other muslcaf Instrument of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done, to please- and satisfy the
customer. . ¦ ¦ •
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL lurpe uprlKht piano. S pedals; sac-
rlfice; leaving city. 321 Golden Gate ave.
A BARGAIN; must be sold: nice uprlKht piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
BE in the swim: rent a r.ew piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes st.
AT KEEFFE*S. 533 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price.
EOHMER ft CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gat!3r. Spell-
man and other pianos. 308 Post st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. I Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos: $5 payments:
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 203 Post st
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardxnan. Con-
over A others. W. B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post.
ELAUGHTER sale of upright pianos for "tor-
age; J'.n up. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
- Call. * 16 pages, sent to any .address in tha
United' States or Canada one. year for $1.
po<tng» raH. ¦
OFFICES AXP STORES TO LET.
LARGE store; fixtures In; 4 rooms; in gcod i3i
tall district' NE. corner Clement and Third
ave. :-Sutro cars pass door.
LA HUE elegant store and basement; 993 Valen-
cia St.. near 21st; business center: suitable
'¦ for any business. • .- ¦ • ' '
BUSINESS corner; Union St.. cor* Morse, bet.
Larkln and Hyde: to b» fitted to suit tenant.
TO let — Good store and rooms. 22S Ninth st. ;
: _ 316. ' ' - ' " ¦ | ¦ ' ' _
PALMISTRY.
1 H. JEROME FOSPELLI. scientific palmi«t. 513
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post. tel. Black 56L
MME. NEERGAARD has removed to 700 Post;
hours 1 f 5 ev».. and Sunday by appointment.
PERSONALj.
SEAWEED— Let me see you or hear at once.
If possible in- three days. FISHER DICK,
box 4426. Call office.
ALL hair and scalp diseases a guaranteed cure:
dandruff and falling hair cured; gray re-
stored: the Egyptian' Titian shade, a harm-
less vegetable compound la In lead; book for
I stamp. E. R. DUNLAP. 6 Eddy st...4th floor.
133S MARKET, near Eighth— Front offices. $15;
transient; quiet place. - '
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.,
HOPKB BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated: honest work guaranteed;
prices defy competition: fine upholstery; phona
1309; factory. 313 and 120 Eleventh st; first-
class cleaning and dyeing. 128 OTarrell st.
near Powell. San Francisco.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, employs
only' artistic artistes— result, artistic hair-
dressing - always; price 23c; fine switches
cheap. 123 Stockton.
ELECTRIC lights In every room — 'Winchester -
Hotel. 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms;
I5c to $1 50 per nlsht; $1 60 to $« per week:
free 'bus and -baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward;
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st..
between Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S -Quintonlca Hair Tonic Is very
beneficial to the hair; try It; $3c bottle.
PRIVATE detectlv* work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J- B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. 1611 Mkt. under St Nicholas HoteL
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J.- R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo cleanses th»
scalp perfectly; nothing like It: 60 package.
MME.- ADA. the wonderful gifted healer, re-
moved to 1104 Market st. offices 3 and 4.
HAIR quickly curled or .waved, by using Tal-
jj cott's curlln's -fluid; !5c a buttle: druggUts.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware: curios, all descriptions. '525 Dupon; st,
ALFREDUMS • Egyptian Henna- restores irray
hair to Its natural' color; $1. at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver boufeht-
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 508 Kearny st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents: -The Weekly Can.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per »ear..
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DO'NNELL— Office, and residence.
MtflVfr Market »t.. between Sixth and Saventh.
KBAL ESTATE — CITY — FOB SALB.
EASTOJT. ELDRIDGE A CO., '
K1IUARKETST.
$300 CASH " .! ¦
' MISSION COTTAGE
. S rooms and bath and stable. «a Chat-
• .; tanoora st., near Twenty-ssoond ; Mis-
sion-* t. cars pass; bitumen street; large
lot. 23xll7:S back to *-ar street; rented
$17 per month. .»...;.•
FOR YOUR RENT MONEY.
$500— Two beautiful modem Mission flats of
; 3 and 4 rooms and porcelain bath.- etc ;
the rent you receive pays for them.
INVESraENT8.
$10,506— Rents $1092; » modern flats of 7, t g
rooms and bath; lot 25:11x120 feet to
rear street •
$3.750 — 4 flats of 5 and 3 rooms; lot 25xS0 feef ¦
rents $42 CO oer month:
$3.000— Two substantial well built "modern
• flats of 5 rooms and bath;, lot 25x137 8
feet: Greenwich st, near- Buchanan.
$2.500- : -Two flats of 5 and 4 rooms and rear
house 4 rooms; rents $24 per month-.
. near Ninth and Folsom sf»..'
$2.2S0-f ! NAP— BARGAIN —REDUCED FROM
$3300 — Store and modern 3-room flat-
modern and up to date; Geary -st cars
pass. ¦-;. :¦..',
, . RESIDENCES.
$7.500— Clay st, near Central ava.. alegant
modern residence. 12 rooms and bath
$7,000— Stelner St., near Fulton; modern resi-
dence, 9 rooms and batf> and laundry
$8,000— Elesant modern residence. * rooms and
bath; Fulton St.. near Lyon.
$3.000 — Cole St.. near Waller; new modern res-
idence, 9 rooms and bath.
$5,000— Scott st, near Sutter; modern resi-
dence. 8 rooms and bath.
$3.500— Elegant morlern residence, 3 rooms and
bath, and finished basement: sunny stda
street: new an<? up to dat».
$4,250— Webster «t.. near Fulton; housa 10
rooms and bath.
ELEGANT SUNNY CORNER HOUSE
FOR TOUR RENT MONEY.
$300 Cash, balance as rent: price reducer!
from $4000 to $3GPO; modern house 11
rooms and porcelain bath; larsra 'lot. '
25:11x114 feet: northeast corner.
EASTON. ELDRIDCE & CO
C3 Market 'st.
A SNAP— FINE HOME. "
$2M cash, balance $10 monthly: price 11400;
nice cottage on Cassell ave. not far from
Eighteenth and Castro sts. ; 4 rooms and base- :
m ?v nt i. BOod wel1 and windmill. LYON &
HOAG. 114 Montgomery at.
A FINE new cottage of 6 rooms and high fin-
ished basement; all modern Improvements-
large lot with driveway; cheap; small
amount cash, balance like rent; see owner on
premises. Church and 30th sts. A. KLAHN
MEN wanted for the United States Navy—
Machinists, first class, age 21 to 35, pay per
month $55; machinists, second class, age 21
to 86. pay per month $40; electricians, third
class, age a to 35, pay per month $30: ship-
Tights (carpenters), age 21 to 35, pay per
month. $25; seamen, age 21 to 35. pay per
month, $24; ordinary seamen, age 18 to 30,
Pay ier month $19; landsmen, age 18 to 25.
Pay per month $16; apprentices, third class,
age 15 to 17. pay per month $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dls-
Quaiifylnc ailments. Machinists must pass
an . exan >Ination showing them to be- ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination In electricity, espec-
ially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade,
teamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen ana
apprentices will be required to pass tha
Physical examination only. The term of en-
listment Is for four years. Should a man
r_-endist within a period of four months from
the date of honorable discharge he will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each
re-enllstment. Rations, medicines and medical
attendance are furnished gratis in addition to
Pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years service on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement. It Is the de-
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
laree number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given ever}' oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they are
qualified for the higher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for the
navy will make a large Increase In the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large increase in the number
of petty officers, who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may be ac-
cepted will be assigned to a U. S. war ves-
eel; apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion, San Francisco, Cal. Applications should
be made at the U. S. Naval Recruiting Ren-
dezvous, correr of Market and East streets,
San Francisco, Cal. •
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
A— WANTED
2 men for winery, $30 and found; 2 single-
hand miners, $2 25 a day; Blauehterer, sheep
and hogs, $35 and found; milker for Siskiyou,
$30; lronmolder, $3 a day; gardener, country,
$25; groom for breaking barn. $20; German
cook for institution, $40; saloon porter, $20;
milker and make butter, $30; 3 laborers for
mine, $1 75 a day; woodchoppers for Santa
Cruz Co., 75c, $1 and $1 50 a cord, 4-foot wood;
tanner for country; 2 young men for hos-
pital. $15. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A-CHOREMAN and wife, institution.. $37 60 fd
Laundryman, institution $25 and found
Milk wagon driver $30 and found
Butchers for different country shops, slaugh-
ter houses, etc :
43 cooks for the mines, hotels, restaurants,
etc.; also night and short order cooks, wages
$40 to $60 and found;. dishwashers and kitchen
help, storekeeper, washers and laundry help,
waiters, city and country, ranch cooks; cook
and wife, country hotel, $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
2 COACHMEN. $30 and found and $60; 6 labor-
ers about smelter, $2 50 day; 10 swampers,
$35 and found, part fare advanced; miner,
$2 50 day; blacksmith helper, $12 week; 10
carpenters, $3 and $3 50 day, for city and
country; farmers; 3. milkers, $25, $27 60 and
$30; 2 farmers and wives, $40 and $50; laun-
dryman and wife. $60; 2 men and wives,
private families, $50 and $35; cooks, waiters
and dishwashers. J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
624 Sacramento st
EXPERT OPTICIANS.^-, *r
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manaase. oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
PERWRITINQ CO., 504 Parrott building.
¦WANTED-S20.000 at 7 per cent of first mort-
gage. Box 2229, Call office. v
' FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages and houses to rent
1138 Ellis: n. f.. 9 r..$65 917 Vallejo; f., 4 r...$10
219% Polk; f., 7 r.... 27 6S1 Jersey; 0.. S r.... 11
725 Hyde; f., < r.. 22 50 1424 Howard; f., 4 r. 10
215H Elm ave.:f., 6 r 16 804 Buchanan: f., 4 r 8
Flats wanted to rent A. M. SPECK A CO..
667 Market st.
887 H HAYES— Flat of S rooms; bath and yard;
new plumbing; rent $S.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA, 71*. bet. Eighth and Ninth— Flat ot
4 rooms, bath; hay window; $11.
418 STEVENSON, near Fifth— Upper flat 5
rooms; rent $13; water free. ' ¦--¦;^
FURMTUME FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No. 7
• range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FDR.MTUKES WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st:.tel. Jesale 761.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. 8tandard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1S05 Larkln; tel.Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WA.M'KU-l-'liMALB.
~ *~w^.
C. R. HANSEN A CO. Phone Grant 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses for many different commercial
hotels. $20 and $25, fares paid; two waitresses
mining town, $20, fares paid; waitresses, city,
$20 and $6 and $7; chambermaid to wait, $20:
woman cook, $30; two manglers, no experience
necessary
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Invalid's nurse, $25, $30; second girl. Grass
Valley, $20 very choice place and fare paid;
mother and daughter for small family, short
distance In country, $50; housegirls; nurse-
girls; second girls. C. R. HANSBN & CO.,
104 Geary st
MAN and wife for plain laundry work; hctel,
city, $45 and found. C. R. HANSEN A CO..
104 Geary st.
GERMAN WOMAN as nurse and companion
for elderly lady. $25 to $30. C. R. HANSEN
A CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED, rain or shine, a large number of
housegirls, cooks, second girls, laundresses,
ironers, wages $20, $25, SO; also waitresses and
chambermaids, city and country; cook, no
wash, $30, country; second girl and nurse, $25;
Scandinavian houseglrl, 2 In family, Tuol-
umne County, .$25; lady's maid and waitress
and seamstress, $;52 J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
216 Sutter st
NURSE girl, Tehama, $15, fare paid. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AN experienced woman to work In a hair-
dressing store, $20; girl for candy store, $5 to
$6 per week. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
1 2 GIRLS to work on mangle; $15 and board
each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter street.
HOUSEGIRL, $30; second work, 2 In family,
$30; second girl, San Mateo, $25; boarding-
house cook, $30; 2 cooks, $35 and $30: 2 second '
girls. $25 and $30. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
WANTED — Girl between 25 and 35 years;
general housework; four In family; no chil-
dren; wages, $20. 1171 Bush st Wednesday.
WHOLESALE house desires a responsible
woman to travel; position permanent Box
2235. Call office.
WANTED— Laundry woman, German preferred.
See party to-day between 9 and 10 at Call
office.
WANTED— 4 stenographers and typewriter
operators for night force: steady employment
to right parties. Call room 8, COS California.
EXPERIENCED cook in a private family
2219 Scott bC
A GIRL about 16 to assist In general house-
work; good wages. 665 Broderlck st
WANTED— A girl, finisher on coats. 635 Call-
fornia st., room 8.
GIRL wanted; general ¦ housework; $23. 1434
Taylor st.
GIRL for general housework. ' »07 Devlsadero
street. •
GIRL to assist with general housework; 8V4
Sherman # st.
NEAT German girl to assist In housework.
Call 1628 Folsom St.. near Twelfth.
GIRL 13 or 14 to help in family of three. Call \
at fill Stelner st.
WANTED — A young girl to wait on table and
assist with housework. 195 Tenth st.
WANTED— German girl to work In bakery
store. 881 Hayes st.
A FRENCH or German girl; general house-
work; J20. 1040 Ellis ot.
WANTED — A finisher and apprentice on cus-
tom coats. 927 Market st room 721.
LUNCH waitress wanted, or steady If suited.
631 Clay st.
TALENTED amateur' performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m. >
YOUNG %1rl for second work, $15. Apply
MAUDSLEY Sanitarium. 2111 Pine, 10 a. m.
COMPETENT cook. $25. Apply MAUDSLEY
Sanitarium, 2111 Pine St.. 10 a. m.
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
cookirar. "31 Green st
WOMAN wanted to wash napkins at 517 Mont-
gomery st.; wages $20.
A-MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenters, with or without tools, mining
company $72 60 and found
12 carpenters, * different ranches, vineyards,
factories, etc $40 and fd, $2 50 to $3 50 day
Bridge and R. R. carpenters Free far*
Steel bridge men $3 50 day, free fare
Camp and ranch blacksmiths, also helpers..
Harnessmaker
Boys to learn machinist and other trades....
10 lumber pliers, north $60
BEAN PULLERS TEAMSTERS
15 men and boys to pull and thresh beans....
..$30 and $35 and found
Farm and orchard hands Choreboys. etc
Stenographer and typewriter
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
$1 20 day and found
8 teamsters, same bean ranch.... $1 20 day fd
150 laborers and teamsters, all parts of coun-
try and city $1 75 to $2 25 day
10 miners ; ..$60 and 373
Laborers for the mines ...{34 and found
20 scraper teamsters $40 and found
Stablemen Buggy washers Hostlers
Drillers Brick setters "Wheelers
Laborers, city factories $1 75 day
Vegetable gardener Tanner
Boatmen Deckhands Beef luggers
GRAPE PICKERS— FARMS AND DAIRIES
100 men and boys to pick fruit and grapes,
work In packing, houses $30 and found
10 ranch teamsters $26 to $32 50 and found
Milkers, butter makers, etc
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE, of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market end Third streets, open
cntll 12 o'clock every nifcht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until »:30 p.- m. '. .
800 Have* etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
¦ CS9 McAllister etreet: cpen until 9:30 p. mu
CIS Lerkia Etreet: open until 9:20 p. m.
W41 Mission etreet;open until 10 p. m.
I?61 Market -street; corner Sixteenth; open
or.til s v. m.. •¦".-'" . , •
"C6 Eleventh street; -open until S p, n.
10S6 . Valencia street; open until 9 p. nv.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Een-
tucky streets; open until t p. m. ¦
' -; meeting Notices. :
EXCURSION STEAMER . ' ' &t&J*S=&
ZEALANUIA • ifSSS^
Sails ' from . Paclfic-rt. wharf ¦ ifT _*
for Honolulu, via' - HU». >ra25kr
THURSDAY. October n. at . A^»^\
12 rri. . For accommodation* ap- l{f
¦ r!>' £27 Perrctt building. ' \i ly
II. P. HURLBUT. Potentate. V
Tel. South €48. • ..
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2, R. and 9. •
M.. will meet THIS (tt-EDXESDAT) _A
EVENING. October 3, at S o'clock, f or 75l_A
business and degrees. By order of the'^r*
T. L M. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Recorder.
MOUNT Mortah Lodge No. 44, F. and A. jT"
M.—6tate4 meeting THIS CVVEDNES- "_\
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Also *FV
Third decree. , .--.-: . 7V>
. . THEO. FRQLICH. Secretary. .
CROCKETT Lodge No. 135. F.and.A _T~
M. -^Stated meeting, and degree S THIS^J\_
EVENING. Oct. 8, at 7:?0 o'clock. B> TEjJf
order of W. M. H. FORTRIEPE, Sep. /^r >
EXCELSIOR Lodge Ko. 1C«, F. and A.' »
M.— Stated 'meeting THIS (WEDNES- Ji
DAT) EVENING. October 8. at 743055 2f
o'clock. THEO. E. SMITH. Sec f^r>
ilORSE Lodge. No. 257. L O. O. F. .'i__BTii.'
Initiation Tin? (WEDNESDAY) w£552£_
.- EVENING. October 3. All mem-
bei-s are regueeted to -be present. <<'H<^
Visitors cordially invited. •- •"
. THOS. W. FISITEH. K. O.
C. BRIND, P.ec. Sec.
THE Quarterly meeting ot Servian-.. ' _. '
Montenegrin L. and B.' Society- _y9^f>
will be held THIS (WEDN'ES-
DAT) EVENING. October 3. 1*X>. fK£s\f>44i
at 7:33. o'clock, at 10 California dr^^cwTfiSfJi
et All officer* and members are r-lvSiB'ilu
earnestly requested to attend. {'A/AQWJ .
Fine for non-attendance will be VidSlK!/
etrt--?tly enforced. By order of ' Xc?^?'j3^
. M. K. TASOVAZ, President. ' r s4 *^ ¦
SPIRO S. VUCOSAVLIEVICH. : .
: . Secretary. . ; " .'
THE California Debris CommlMlon. having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraullo
. .prcxress f rora . the Dewey Consolidated- Gravel
..Mining Company, in the. Homeward Bound,
. Evening Star and Morning Light mines, near
. Intra Hill, Placer County, to. deposit tailings
In Indian Canyon; from alary E. Ruth- et- ale...
In the Buckeye mine, near North San Juan,
. . Nevada County, to deposit taillnge In • a
worked-out pit; from the Ralston Divide 'Gold
Ulliting; Comrnny, in the Pat Gogglns and
PIaek«rHh Flat rninfes, near Vlrner,- .Placer
' County, to deposit tailings in Lang. Canyon; I
from Nathan Gardiner, In. the Sidney placer
' -mine, near Ipo. Shasta County-, • to deposit ;
taMiniTS In Sidney Gulch, and from A. . W. t
Whitney and C. Y.'.Hepler, In the'. Miocene I
: ' rnin<e, near • Crescpnt -Ml!l«. Plumaa: County, I
• tp deposit tailings In Rush Creek, gives notice I
that u. meeting will . be held.-, at room 6>,
Flood building. Fan Francisco; Cal:, on ¦ Oc-
.. . tnti<?r 16. I&uO. at 1:30 -p. m. • ' • .
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice lsliereby
'. ifiVen that the annual meeting of the stock- I
holdere of THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA '
will be held at the banking house In this city |
. on TUESDAY. October 9, 1900, at II o'clock
. a. m. Hy border of the Board c-f Directors. .
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
AGENTS WAVTED. i
AGENTS of ability and experience In life lnsur- !
. ance. Call at room ICL S?7 Market, cor. Sixth, j
?E handle newest novelties for agents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' BUPPLY CO.. S461 18th St.
ASPHALTIM nOOFIXG.
J, PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
¦ Jloor? lall, repaired;, postal. 11S« Mission Et.
ASTROLOGV.
MME. HICKEY, astrologist; card reading and
palmistry. 25c; horoscopes cast. 1833 Mission, i
DR. C T. TAYLOR, scientific astrologer, -com-
putes horoscopes by Ptolemy method. 765 Mkt.
ATTOUXEVS 1 AT LAW.
R. W. KINO, attorney at law, tZi Market st.
room €?T; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges^ money loaned on estates.
ADVICK tree: divorce law a specialty:' private; ¦
t\* fee without success;- collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market cor. Stockton.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections.' J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson, 827 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket -Ft. ; consultation free: no fees .in advance.
MATH CAUIXI2TS.
ROBINSON t5 ; 4 -panel -folding; door opens; firm
and Fafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, art- 4?6 Ellis.
¦VBOAnWINCFOR CHILDREN.
WIDOW Would like two children to board; fur-
•' hlshed room for . parent. 24J Shipley- tt
GERMAN family wants 1 or 2 children to
board. Addreag 3129 Alice St.. Lorin:
BUSINESS CHAACES.
A^$450; RESTAURAXT and oywter "house;
' ¦ cloeo to -Hall of Justice; dally receipts *30;
i owner must »ell or take good partner, cause
tlcknes*. gee R. G. WILKIE..26H Kearny.
A—J^OO; BUTCHER shop, with horse and cart.
. In hert. location of .Wepttrn Addition; place
_' established for years and doing a first-class
•business; a splendid chance for any. man.
Call R. G. WILKE.. IC4 Kearny st j
A— 1400: BUTCHER, shop on Valencia- Bt.;.
'monthly receipts about S1200; selling. 4 cattle
per week:- low -rent; good business.: Call R.
G. fftLKE. 26H .Kearny Bt.
A— $800; STATIONERY, notions and branch
bakery; 6 living rooms: cheap rent and a
rood paying trasiuees. Call R: G. WILKE,
!»H K«amy ,rt. ¦ • • . ¦ .
A— «4O0i: RESTAURANT on Valencia St.; r«nt
125, or with 7 .furnished rooms.. J700:- rent J45
. for all;, good place; death of ehlld : cause of
. celling; a bargain. See R. -G. WILKE. 26V4
.;Kearny et. . - ' '
A— «50; "RESTAURANT. 2 blocks north . of
Chronicle building:: first-class prices; rent
I35-; owner wishes to cell en account of other
business engagements. C*U R, O. WILKE.
' S£\i. Keanijr • et.
A— J14P0; SALOON woabllshed many years;
.half- a block.- north of Mason -and Market;
•rent -J75; a first-class, paying place; partners
'can't egre* cause cf sale. See R. G. iyVILKE.
' 3CH Kearny. ct. ¦ !
A^tllW): CORNER grocery and barj choicest
location In the. Mlstlon; rent J25; 4 living
' room»; --c)ac«' established years; owner, a'
• -7»idow, wfcnts'to retire. Call R. G. : WILKE,
-'2C\i Kearny *t.- . ¦ •' " :
A-CIG'AR store; Crie location; for half Its j
value: most sell. -COWING A CO.> 71» Mkt.
A— GRJCAT bar»ra-in: ¦ Cape ' Xoftie mines; call
at once. .COWING A CO., 719 Market «t
A— BX'TCHER shop; fine location; must go to-
..day; rtckness..- COWING & CO., 719 Market
A — HOTEL: be*t location; money maker; call I
sit onoe. COWING A CO., 719 Market St. ¦:
A— MILK ranch; city limits; established 15 I
years; murt'scll. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
A— SAT. ' FISHER A CO., have you lodsins^
houses? Ye». -What price? $300 up. any lo-
oation desired:- 11 rooms. $300; -19 rooms, $450;
10 rooms, new-, $900,- fine; 20 roomsf, bargain,
$7oO; 37 rms., $3000; Fnap; all sizes, all prices'
all new bargains; call and see us. 1032 Market
FOR hon«»Rt business proposition* of all kinds
or to-p«-l! your business .<julckly for'canh call !
on LANE A CO.. 80S Market st I
POSITION, with fair -salary".' where If buiin*»s
and business relations are satisfactory I can!
at.t'he cn<J of 6 months Invest JKXJO to $30*) i
Box 2131. Call. . . ' ¦
CORNER 'restaurant, doing rood business-
*>P<*n day and night; must be sold Immediate- ,
ly: no reasonable offer refused. Apply 1630
Deviwidero tt.. cor.- Sutter.
WILL sell- half interest In bicycle tire that
positively will' not puncture. Oa.ll Thur»Jay
10V«4 Fell »t. .- - =
J1000— STATIONETRT snd candy store for sale;
uood trade;- bear clo6est investigation. Box
1236. Call Office. •
$3<«vi — DRY and ..fancy goods store; established
11 years: only Intending purchasers need ap-
ply. Box K27. Call 'Office.
DELICACY etore cheap; must .sell on account
of sickness. Apply M» Turk st
$300— MEAT TOStHcet; pood location; ateady
trade.. Addrwa box 3036. Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale— Notions, iaundry and dgare and va-
rieties. M7 Third st"
PLUMBING shop. Hock, chop tools, horse and
wagon for sale; In rood location. Address
box 4401. Call office. ¦ . .-
BAKERY— 1101 Howard st; store and 2 rooms;
bake oven, with large basement;- rent clieJsp.
GROCERY and bar: good location ;' established
IS years; stock In eight for full purchase prlo*.
Appljr W. L. HARPER, SI* Hearst bldg.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
CORNER arocery and bar will be sold cheap;
living rooms. 1S63 Folsom st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.. 412 Sacramento et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
leccla st .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
34 ROOMS; only.. ..$400 15 rooms; corner.... $S50
11 rojms- clears $100 600 26 rooms; corner.... 1700
"-room flat 100 80 roome; good 1650
Zl' rooms; new 1100 36 rooms; clears $150.1600
18 rooms; clears $100 800 r.6 rooms; new 2S0O
f rooms; see this... 600 32 rooms; corner.... lOOu
9 -rooms; flat 400 8 rooms; bargain... 300
12 rooms; good 4001104 rooms 4500
I DON'T FAIL TO CALL. I CAN SUIT.
House for Cash Payments or Exchange.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market. Phone Mint 79*.
9 ROOMS; Jones St.; $250; a snap.
14 rooms; Golden Gate: $500; elegant furniture.
' 15 rooms; Geary st; $750; clears $100 month.
22 roome; Market st; $900: genuine bargain.
All prices and we can suit everybody. Call
and inspect oyr lists. Now Is the time to buy.
EMERY & SMITH. S Eddy Bt. cor. Market
A .SPECIAL INDUCEMENT. CALL ON
KREDO A DUTTON, 86 Geary «t.
$700 cash for 60 rooms; new; Installments.
$300 for 14 rooms; Geary; $35 profit
$4E0 only- for 14 rooms; Post; worth $900.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers attention— Houses at
. reduced prices; genuine bargains; sizes and
location to suit; money loaned. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO.. 917 Market st, between F,lfth
and Sixth; phone 1911.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market et.. room i.
39 rooms; Income $250 monthly ttfVK)
.' SI rooms; corner; all front; a bargain.... 1200
1! rooms, 9 furnished: 6 blks N. Market.. 125
200 houses for sale; list free; please call.
A — S2-ROOM rooming house; central $1000
SO-room .house; flrst-class 1060
11-room house; $475; 6-rooro fiat S25
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
FURNISHED house. 10 rooms; all rented: good
location; rent cheap. . 125H Ninth; no agents.
FOR sale— Lodging-house: 21 rooms; all light.
109. Jessie St., corner Second.
CARRIAGES ASP WAGOX8.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN * 8ON, 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 622 Mission.
NEW A 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work A driving horses. 15th A Valencia.
SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAX SPONGE CO.. ISO New Montgomery st.
. SPIRITUALISM. .
ARRIVED— Mrt. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mlningaspecialty: clrs.Sun.,Wed.,Fri.
eV.s: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
E1S Eddy st, bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night 8 p. m.; convinc-
ing test. MRS. MAXWELL, IMS Howard St.;
readings dally.
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's convincing test dr-
. cle to-night at 8; 10c. 6 Hyde et.-, read, dally.
MEDIUM and palmist, reading 25c this week;
satisfaction guaranteed. 1239 Market st, r. 6.
MRS. LESTER— Circles Sun.. Tues., Frl. eve.,
10c; readings daily, 200 Turk st.-
MISS SOPHIA BEIP— Sun. at S and dally read-
. Ings.. 6th & Mkt. sts.. Oakland, People's Hall.
PROF. GEE, medium; test circle every night,
10c; read. $1; ladies SOc. 145 6th. Brunswick.
MME. MAJORS, gifter spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 1S2 Sixth Pt.. room 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sit.dally; cohvlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
ness medium, life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tella past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
•reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses dl; ease with life reading; ladles SOc;
gent $1 ; palm. & clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MRS. E. SANDERS, 514 Taylor St., near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladies' 'circles Thurs., 2 p. m. ; Frl.. 8; dr. 25c.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 11 4S Market opp.
¦ 6th; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs In life; satisfaction truar-
anteed; 25c' up. 1" Third St., nextgExamlner.
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium, card
reader. 25c up. 823 Mission st, nr. 4th; no sign.
MRS. MELVE.LE, well-known clairvoyant, wa.
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st, room 14.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh: no «lgn.
"CONSULT WATSON," 1581 Market st* nr.
.• 12th; "famous medium, palmist"; 25c and COc,
MRS. E. M; DUVALL, clairvoyant and healer,
diagnoses diseases. . 425 Golden Gate ave.
MME. ECHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. M2H Sixth Bt.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 2Jc up. 6 Fourth st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
• t'-nd to. SPAULDiNG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ln'g Works, S53-357 Tehama St.; tel. Sooth 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.; 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY ' Eteam Carpet-Beating Works. ' G. H.
6TEVENS. rmgt.. 38-40 8th St. ; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTOX'S. 2 Eighth st: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter «U;
teL Main 3S4. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKL-IN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate .ave.; telephone Eaet 128.
. ' CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.,
painless; consult'n free. Dr.Duncan,416 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
lees successful. Room 310, 927 Market et
DENTISTS. '
AT the- ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., -cor. 4th., rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
¦$X 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
¦p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
.PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
|- warranted for 20 years; crowns and brldge-
work teeth without a plate; fillings, 5oo;
crowns, $3 CO; plates, full set. $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental I'ar-
lnr*r 24 Sixth et.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh. Consul t
us on crowns and bridges. Teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
TEETH extracted free ; plates, $5; crowns, $S 60;
bridffe work. $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p.' m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. O. G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market nr. Eleventh
.—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $$ per set; extracting, SOc; gas given.
DR. WALSH. 815*4 Geary, nr. Larkin-Palnlcss
extraction EOc; plates $5 up; Tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extra-Ion,
DOc. New York Dentists, 989 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full fet of teeth, ?4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c,
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenlntB and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
6ET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
pontage paid.
" DOO HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine., 75c; city visits $1 50- all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 63*.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. SlOGolden Gate av.
pRESSMAKERSAXD SKAMSTIIESSES
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
i ing, pinking. 121 Post overO'ConnorAMoffatt.
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut 1019 Market st.
S -«?"- Dresimakln^Ladles' Tailoringand. Mll-
Ilaery Echool; Frcsoh system. tUYuKm
' r| _ n -^. EDUCATIONAL.
ATRES' Business College, 728 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual instruction. $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. ; just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and Is the best In S. F.; catalogue free.
PALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
B. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.: registration.
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the _ipiverslty. law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or .any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ¦<-¦.¦
SPANISH professors;* recently arrived from
South America, give lessons and receive all
work concerning translation, correspondence,
etc., at moderate terms. SOS Minna st.
SPANISH classes day and evening. 806 Larkln
st, cor. McAllister; four lessons a week. $3 a
month; also private. PROF. F.M.VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, Tree trial; private lessons; 8
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR. expert accnt. 220 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens Monday, Oct. 1. For Information ad-
dress the dean. Dr. D. Maclean, Donohoe rdg.
MISS M. O. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lesEons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, beet system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S Day and
ILLUSTRATION— Night Class. 424 Pine st.
FRENCH. Spanish. etc.Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of Languages,820Post;estab'd 1871;ablest profs.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larglng quarters. Come see us. 305 Larkln st
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
lng, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. B. M.~ Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT"' OFFICES.
A-nJAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; eetab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Po6t st, near Powell: Telephone Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6183.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks,
dishwashers; est. 1S90. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 647.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHBUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nose help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5073.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office:
best help furn. Tel. Jonn 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4UH O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A COMPETENT chambermaid and seamstress
wants a position; good ref. from last place;
also a first-class Swedish cook, French sec-
ond girl, restaurant waitress, German cham-
bermaid and several others await positions at
MISS CULLEN'S, 325 Sutter st; tel. Grant 120
A COMPETENT woman wants a situation to
do housework; good cook and laundress; good
references; wages $25. 1024 Howard st..
. room 2.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a situation In
boarding-house or private family; city or
country- Call or address 81 Natoma St., room
12.
AMERICAN woman, elderly, desires position;
good cook; likes children: capable doing entire
work of family; wages $12 month; no postals.
2T>0 Tehama st.
AN experienced woman would like a place In
lunch or boarding house over lunch hours to
wait cr assist in kitchen. Call or address 2M
First et. upstairs.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
house, window or office cleaning. Call or ad-
dress L. ANDERSON, 1202 Mission St., room Z.
I AM In need of some kind of work Im-
mediately; am American woman and will
work for small wages. Box 2234. Call office.
A FINN girl wishes a position to do upstairs
wcrk or general housework. Address 157^4
Clara St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
TWO Swedish girls wish" places for general
housework In small family: wages $15; speak
little English. Address 255 Lexington st
GIRL wishes situation to do housework and
cooking: wages $20 to $25. 2S23 Twenty-fourth
et., near Bryant.
ELDERLY woman wishes place to do light
housework; kind tochildren; city only. Call
at 230 Minna St., between 3 and 4.
WANTED— By reliable elderly woman, light
housework, working housekeeper or attend
elderly lady. II. A.. 507 Eighth St.. Oakland.
WOMAN wants position; good cook; will do
any other kind of work. 246 Third st.
GERMAN woman wants housework In a small
family. Box 4997. Call office.
WOMAN wishes situation for general house-
work. 41 Hoft ave.
SITUATION wanted by a girl of 16 to acslrt In
light housework or care for «r child. 238 Day.
STENOGRAPHER, competent and experienced,
desires a position. Address box 3703, Call.
DANISH girl wishes cooking and housework
in American family; wages $20 to $25. Call
412 Sixth st.
FRENCH first-class cook wishes place in pri-
vate family; wages $30 or $35. Call 816 Larkln
TOUN.G Swedish girl wishes place to do sec-
ond work In private family; wages $20 to $25;
Call £16 Larkln Et.
LADY wishes to run lodging-house; Is fully
competent: has been hotel housekeeper. Any
one requiring same will oblige by writing •
to Box 2217. Call Office.
FRENCH girl wishes position as lady's maid
or second work in private family; no objec-
tions to travel. 42214 Post st.
LADY wishes position to assist with light
housework; must be treated as one of the
family; $2 50 a week. Box 2227, Call.
FIRST-CLASS milliner desires work by the
day or piece, in private family. 1S45 Market
YOUNG girl take care child and wait at table.
Box 2220. Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third et. near. Mar-
ket-200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night, $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; . free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnce, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH* office for Call advertisements and
subscrlpticns has been established at 109R
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
A COMPETENT and Industrious man with
small family, German, would like to take
charge of gentleman's place; thoroughly
understands orchard and vineyard -work dry-
Ing and packing fruit, gardening and general
farming; wife first-class cook; references.
Box 2240. Call. .
A THOROUGH, practical orchardlst vlneyard-
lst and genera] farmer of wide experience,
married, would like management of large
ranch or would take place on shares; refer-
ences. Box 2239, Call.
YOUNG* man, fair writer, who understands
bookkeeping, desires position where reliabil-
ity and trustworthiness would be recom-
mendations; reference; security. Box 2230,
Call office.
POSITION with fair Balary, where If business
and business relations are satisfactory I can.
at the end of six months. Invest $2000 or
S3000.- Address Box 2232. Call office.
WANTED— A position to take care of garden,
horses and anything In general; good driver;
or take care of an Invalid. Box 4452. Call.
WANTED — Situation as porter, watchman or
waiter by middle-aged man; reference. Ad-
dress J. B., E17 Pine st ;.-
SITUATION, by first class _lreman, economical
with fuel and handy with Wols. Box 2233, Call.
YOUNG man i wishes to learn bartending In
flret-class place. Box 2215. Call Office. .
COOK, sober and Industrious, wishes situation;
camp or ranch. Address J. E., 81 Natoma st
COACHMAN, excellent groom, wants situation;
rock! driver; understands gardening; will go
anywhere; best references. Address R. M '
box 4999. Call office. . .
MIDDLE-AGED man would like . a position
about a place; object a home more than
wages. 253 Stevenson St.. room 10.
POSITION wanted by experienced reliable man
with good references to work In wine and
liquor business. Box 2213, Call office.
YOUNG man. well educated, desires position in
store or manufacturing concern; understands
the drug trade; can give Al references and
security. C. r J. SHILLING. 1581 Valencia st.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as a school
boy who can speak English pretty good. A4
dress 6.. KUKEYA. 1329 Pine it
A BRANCH office for Call 'advertisements and
subscriptiona faas been, established at IMS
A— MURRAY A READY:. ..PHONE' MAIN 5843
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE. .WE. .SHIP .. EVERYBODY.. FREE
..To all parts of California, Utah. Nevada..
NUMBER. WANTED AT. WAGE3.
154— Nevada. Truckee, Lake View.. $41 and fd
18 — Los Angeles, Santa Barbara $2 day
34— Redding, Shasta, Fresno $1 90 day
118— Surf, Soda Springs, Salt Lake $2 day
84— Dlxon. Elmira and Bakersfleld...$l 70 day
163— For nineteen different divisions... .$2 day
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE ONLY $t
MURRAY A READY.
::•_ v ? 634-636 Clay st
HELP .WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S.. ....104 Geary st.
Free fare Railroad work Free fare
100 teamsters and laborers. State of Nevada,
$2 a day.
100 laborers for B. P. Co. on different divi-
sions, regular wages.
100 laborers for rock crusher and ballasting
gang for S. P. Co, at Truckee, regular wages.
Fee $1 Ship dally Free, fare
10 laborers to build a big dam, $2 50 a day,
half fare advanced; 10 iwampers for the
woods. $35 and board and half fare advanced;
10 laborers, near city, $2 2fi a -day; 8 carpen-
ters. . railroad work. $3 a day, free fare; 3
steel bridgemen, $3 50 a day, free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter, country hotel, $60; head waiter
for grill room, $50; 2 restaurant chefs. $27
and $22 50 a week; .third ccok. country hotel,
$35; baker, country shop, $12 a week; second
baker, country. $43.
Laundryman and wife, hotel, city, $45 and
found; ironer, country laundry, $2 50 a day.
Nurse -for an Institution, country, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & ca. 104 Geary itClubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— Vf. L. Pet.
Brooklyn .....77 62 89C Chicago 63 69 477
Pittsburg ....74 67 6G5 St. Louis 69 71 454
Philadelphia .69 62 627 Cincinnati ....68 -72 44«
Boston €5 64 504 New York ...56 75 423
PHILADELPHIA.- Oct. 2.— Mercer pitched a
great game to-day and the home team's bits
were few and scattered. Attendance, 1S26.
Score:
New York 6 11 3
Philadelphia I 7 2
Batterieo — Mercer and Bowerman; Dunn and
McFarland. Umpire — Snyder.
BOSTON. Oct. -2.— To-day's game was called
at the end of the eighth inning on account of
darkness, tha score being tied. Attendance,
Boston 7 6 2
Brooklyn • 7 9 2
. Batteries— Pittlnger, • Dlneen and Clarke;
Donovan and McGuire. Umpire— Hurst.
CHICAGO. Oct. 2.— Chicago played In great
form to-day and shut out St. Louis. Attend*
anc*. 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 8 ~X
St. Louis 0 3 ; 0
Batteries — Callahan. and Dexter; Sudhoff and
Rcblnson. Umpire— O'Day.
New Yorks.
MERCER'S GOOD "WORK.
His Pitching. Wins the Bay for tha
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 2.—
Manager Glldersleeve will start the train
ing-table for the 'varsity football Bquad
to-morrow in the new training house. The
following men have already been selected:
Allen, Burnett, Cooper, De Forest, Erb,
Fisher. Gelssler. Hill. Lee. AIcFadden.
Raith, Seeley. Smith and Traeger.
Stanford's Training Table.
Special Dispatch to The Call
2:16 clasn trotting, purse $1000 — Chestnut King
won the first. iKond and fourth heats in 2:13>4>
2:13 2:13%. Flashlight King won the third heat
In 2:13H- Wauban, First Love, Helena. Captor,
Contanero, Escobar and Marie C also started.
Tennessee. 2:09 class, pacing, pursa $3000 — Con
nor won the first, second and fourth heats In
2:05%. J:W4, 1:09%. Will Leyburn won the
third heat In t:07. The Admiral, Johnny Agan,
Fannie Dlllard. Major Muscovite. Colhert. Sid
ney Poynter and Bonnie Direct also started.
Kentucky futurity. S-year-olda, purse $16,000—
Fereno won three straight heats In 2:12V4. 2:10%,
2:12. Busle J, Lady Thlsbe. Porto Rico. Iva
Dee. Major Dalemar. Sonata, Dreamer and,
Summer Morn also started.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Oct. 2.— The twenty
eighth fall meeting of the Kentucky Trot
ting Horse Breeders' Association opened
to-day with an exceptionally large attend
ance. It was a perfect day and the track
was fast. The feature was the great Ken
tucky Futurity, for $16,000, for three-year
olds. There were nine starters, and Fere
no, the Walnut Hill farm filly, owned by
L. V. Harkness, won in straight heats. In
the second heat Fereno broke the Fu
turity record by coming under the wire In
2:10?i, the previous record being that made
by Extacy last year., 2:11^.
The Tennessee. 2:09 pace, purse $3000,
was won by Connor, he finishing first In
the first, second and fourth heats. In the
third heat he broke badly and the heat
was given to Will Leyburn and Connor
placed third. L. F. Harkness' Chestnut
King won the 2:16 class trotting, purse
$1000. winning the first, second and fourth
heats. Summary: • -: ¦¦'¦¦%,"•¦,":
at Lexington.
BREAKS FUTURITY RECORD.
Excellent Showing Made by Fereno
Five and a ha\C furlontrs — Donna Seay won,
Alea second, King's Favorite third. Time,
l:09',4.
Six furlongs— Come Quick won. The Jefferson
Fecond. Raceblrd third. Time. 1:15%.
Six furlones — Minnie B won. By George sec
ond. Cad Hazel third. Time, 1:15.
Four and a half furlonss— Petral II won.
Leila Barr second. Lizzie A third. Time. :56H.
One mile — Crentaa won. Left Bower second,
Chopin third. Time. l:42Vi.
Seven furlongs, selling— Mouneltoft won, Tn
trlguer second. The Laurel third. Time. 1:29V».
Five and a half furlongs— Bonnie Lissak won,
Blink second, Harry Herendeen third. Time,
l:08«,i.
One mile and an eighth— Miss Patron won.
Depending second. Larkspur third. Time.
1:55%.
Ore mile and a sixteenth, selling— Josephine
B won. Hood's Brigade second. Highland Led
third. Time. 1:4S%.
BUFFALO, Oct. 2.— Results at Fort
Erie:
Selling, six and a half furlongs. Captain
Galnes won. Can Robert second, Linden Ella
third. Time. 1:12%.
Selling, five furlongs. Poynta won. Sarner sec
ond. Miss Gollghtly third. Time. 1:02.
Selling, six and a half furlongs, John Morton
won, Loka second. Silent Friend third. Time,
1:22%.
Selling, fire and a half furlongs. Propeller
won Prosper La Gal second, Empyreal third.
Time. l:08H- •
Selling, one mile, Annie Oldfiald won,' Two
Annies second, Peter Duryea third. Time,
1:«H-
Selling, five and a half furlongs. Horseshoe
Tobacco won. Miss Aubrey second. Small Jack
third. Time, 1:08.
CHICAGO. Oct. 2.— Results at Haw
thorne:
Five furlongs— Little Tim won, Senator Sam
second. Orrie Goan third. Time, l:02V4.
Six furlongs— The Rush -won. Prejudice sec
ond. Headwater third. Time. l:Uli.
Steeplechase, short course — Coronatus won.
Donation second. Frond third. Time, 3:11*4.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 2.— At Klnloch Park to
day the horses ran true to form, four fa
vorites and two heavily backed second
choices capturing the card. Track fast.
Results:
The Jerome, one and a quarter miles, Alcedo
won. Gonfalon second, McMeekln third. Time.
2:07.
One mile, celling. Belgrade won. Annoy sec
ond. Locochee third. Time, l:41H-
The other features were the Manhattan
handicap, which went to the favorite.
Firearm, and the Jerome handicap, which
the Western horse, Alcedo, won cleverly.
After the Matron stakes the stewards sus
pended Spencer for a week for careless
riding. It was also ruled that the entries
of S. C. Hildreth be refused for the bal
ance of the meeting as well as at Wash
ington, presumably for his assault on
John E. Madden and another man last
night. Results:
One mile. Star Bright won, Compensation sec
ond. Brigadier third. Time. 1:40.
Five and a half furlongs. Trigger won. Spry
second. Pigeon Post third. Time, 1:07%.
The Matron stake. Eclipse course, Beau Gal
lant won. Commando second. The Parader
third. Time. l:10Vi-
The Manhattan, Eclipse course, six furlongs.
Firearm won. Belle of Lexington second, Vul
caln third. Time. 1:10.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Beau Gallant won
the Matron stakes at Morris Park to-day.
a half length before the odds-on favorite
Commando. Bullman brought him up
with a rush in the last sixteenth, and
catching Spencer napping waa first past
the Judges for the coveted prize. The
stake of $20,000 was the feature of the
opening day of the fall meeting of the
Westchester Racing Association. It was
a perfect fall day and an unusually big
crowd was in attendance. The clubhouse
lawn was the gathering place of the so
ciety element and the big grand stand was
comfortably filled. There were ten start
ers for the Matron. Commando, the un
beaten hero of the year, was a hot favor
ite at 2 to 5, while the Whitney entry was
next in demand at 5 to 1, the others rang
ing from 15 to 1 to 60 to L There was a
strong play on the Hlldreth entry. Beau
Gallant and Telamon, toward the end, but
20 to 1 could be had without trouble. A
long delay of thirty minutes at the post
caused by Commando was annoying, but
was forgotten in the excitement of
the race. On the breakaway, which was a
bad one for Bellarlo and Ashes. Com
mando swerved out in the track, but
Spencer soon got him going straight. At
the dip Commando took the lead and was
soon two lengths in front. Spencer
thought he had the race in hand and was
apparently winning easily when Bullman
brought Beau Gallant up with a rush on
the rail. Spencer did not see him until It
was too late to get his mount going again
and Beau Gallant snatched a victory and
earned the winner's share of the purse.
$14,000, for his owner, S. C. Hlldreth. The
Parader was third.
Manhattan Handicap Won by Fire
arm, and Alcedo Takes the
Jerome Handicap at
Morris Park,
Spencer, Who Rode Com
mando, Suspended for
Careless Riding.
BEAU GALLANT
CAPTURES THE
MATRON STAKES
"Twenty to 0," and no Goshen Jim
money In eight, was tbe wail of the
auction pool Bellers at Tanforan Park
yesterday, when betting opened on ttia
2:18 pace. It was fortunate for the friends
of the hoosier named horse that they
were not very "dusty," for the big geld
ing was distanced in the first heat, after
making two disastrous breaks. Irvington
Boy, driven by Cecil, and 6 to 1 in the
books, turned up winner, with Gaff Top
sail second and King Cadenza third. Tha
betting now shifted in favor of King Ca
denza, which pacer was played down to
3 to B favoritism before the second heat.
H. Dunlap, handling the choice, drove as
if out for an airing, and Chloe came home
first, with Gaff Topsail again second.
This caused the bookmakers to lay 2Va
to 1 against the King, which they were
quickly compelled to rub. Reinsman
Dunlap and his horse now became the
reigning sensation, decamping with the
long end of the purse in three straight
heats. After some deliberation, the
Judges fined Mr. Dunlap $100 for laying up
the second heat.
There was but one other event on the
programme, the 2:20 class trot. A strong
wind blew over the course, precluding
any fast time being accomplished.
Only three scored down for the word
in the trot, Richmond Chief with Ed Laf
ferty in the bike making it in three
straight heats. McNally was a good sec
ond on each occasion, but Stella had the
red bunting waved In her face first time
out. After the first heat, trotted In 2:21%.
the judges cautioned Sam Hoy, driver of
McNally, to make -more of an effort to
win. McNally' forced the favorite out in
2:16^ next trip. When the race had been
decided Hoy was fined $25 for laying up
the first heat. Summary:
First race— Pacing, 2:1S class; heats, three In
five: purse J100O:
King Cadenza, b. g., by Stelnway-
Empress (Dunlap) * ? 1 1 1
Chloe. b. m.. by Connlfer (Clark).... S 1 I S 3
Irvington Boy. ch. g., by Nutwood
Wilkea (Cecil) 1 8 4 4 2
Gaff Topsail, ch. h.. by Diablo (J.
L. Smith) 2 8 8 1*
Ratr.tat, b. m., by Copper King
(Williams) 4 6 5 6*
Hermia, br. m.. by Soudan (Hart)., dls
Goshen Jim, b. g., by Moses S
(Eddy) dis
•Ruled out.
T|me-2:17%. 2:18. 2:17%. 2:19. 2:2<H4.
Second race— Trotting. 2:20 class; heats, three
In five; puree $1000.
Richmond Chief, rn. g., by Monroe Chief
(Latterly) Ill
McNally. br. jr.. by McKlnney (Hoy) 2 2 2
Stella Marvin, b. m., by Don Marvin
(Rowley) dls
T!ire-2:21tt. 2:16%. 2:17.
The Tanforan ' Park management has
generously agreed to donate a portion of
to-day's gate receipts to the fund for Gal
veeton flood sufferers. Besides two ex
cellent harness events, there will be a
match game at polo between two crack
teams, which will undoubtedly prove a
strong? society drawing card. The race
entries are as follows:
Trotting, 2:13 class— Miss Jessie, Dolly
Dillon. Claudius, Hazel Klnney, Bob In
gersoll.
Pacing, 2:10 class— Dlctatress, Floraclta,
Kelly Brlggs. Myrtha Whips. Edna R.
Park Judges Impose Fines on Drivers
Dunlap and Hoy — Richmond Chief
J . Outtro^s McNally — Great
Card To-Day.
King Cadenza Then Captures
the Pacing Event
Cleverly.
GOSHEN JIM IS
AGAIN DISTANCED
AT TANFORAN
R H Boyd. Chicago
O H Gibson, Denver
Mrs Gibson, Denver
A B Arlelgh, Pa
Mrs E M Miller, s. Pa
r E Kermode, Cornwal
H Miller, Chicago
J Hasting*. Sacto
J A Titus. Eureka
J Moran. Vallejo
T Garland. Grass Vly
F Sears, Los Ang
Mrs L Sears. Los Ang
W Dusan, Portland
Mm Dustan, Portland
C SchafTen, Osrifen
D A Murray, Masa
J W Evans. Pa r
J M Welner.B Jose
Mrs Wet her. S Jose
S E Batlard, Ohio
J Bryden. Wash
C M Fpensemann-, Mo
O C Myers, Johnstown
XEW WESTERX HOTEL.
GRAXD HOTEL.
H M Snyder. Chicago
H G May, Sacto
W Knauth. Hamburg
D B MaglU. Chicago
J S Reardon. L Ang
H K Gregory. L Ang-
J H Johnson. Xeedles
K H Daniel. Bay Vt
R A Long, Willows
L P White, N What
W Asplnwall, Wash
A H Buckingham. XH
F E Downs, Bhiitol
J L Taylor, Seattle
R RLucsa, Seattle '
J M Baker & w. Cal
A Woraer. Cal
J Lustic. Vlsalla
J J Bllclc Pasadena.
V L Ward. Pasadena
T Aten. Fowler
F X Sterling &w. Can
H J West. Alaska
J L Barham. Antlocn
J H Batchtr. Saeto
Miss Day. S Jose
C E Fout & w, L Ang
W F May. L Ang
C Bocia. Mexico
J E Garde. Chill
S W Sexton. Chicago
C "W Allen. L Ang
B V Collins. L Ans
W F Cochrane. S Raf
Mrs S E Reamer. Oak
J W Mann. Seattle
O F Atwood. Stkn
P 8 Jensen. Austin
C D Akers. F Hill
C F Eckton. Folsom
S Fos.», Cal
W Floyd & w, Sonora
E B Fersuson. Cin
J P Onstadt. Y city
Miss D Onstadt. Y C
F B Day,. Salinas
W J Lloyd & w. Cal
E Bar«a. Enclnal
G E Kennedy. Lvmore
F E Valentine. Sacto
C Christensen &w. Cal
A Lardin & w, Iowa
Mlsa Lardin. Ottawa
A A Murray & w. 3 C
E A Sanford.- Phlla
J F Schllesman. M V
W G Byron. Cal
Vessa Swisher. Ind
H B FoIct & w. Cal
L P Toppenler. L Ang
G A Calvert. X Y
F A Hav.ley. X Y
T M Schumacher, 111
A A Blaw, London *
L C Gunpper, N Y
"VV H McDevln, Mo
F S Heath & w. N Y
Miss Talbot. Mass
Miss Baude. Memphis
Miss Heath. Ind
Miss KImball. N Y
W A Peabody, N Y
Mrs K A McCaadless,
Arizona
Miss E J McCandless.
Arizona
R L Fulton, Reno
W W Jamison, Seattle
W E Dowlen & w, Eng!
R E Dow, Los Angeles
W G Chanslor, Los An!
J S Chapman, Los Ang
Mrs Vhapman, Los An
E J Diven. Pa
A Llpmann, Phlla
J M Jenschman. Pa
J A Gibson, Los Ang
T M Stewart, Los Ang
W Froellch. Phila
W T N Davis. Mich
R V Ellis, Stanford
W T Slocum. N Y
8 D Hepburn ft w,
Japan
F H Hopkins. Or
Mrs Hopklna, Oregon
F L Macbay, Oregon
Miss Macbay. Oregon
J Chanslor, Los Ang
B M Turnbull. X Z
Mrs Turnbull, N Z
Mrs J H Henry. S Jose
Miss B Henry. S Josh
J R Phillips. Stockton
A W Breuner, Sacto
S R Smith, Los Aag
W O Van Schuyver, Or
Mrs Van Schuyver. Or
J R Brown. N T
S M Towl & w. N T
C N Payne & w, N T
H C Rowbotton. Phlla
E S de Golyer, Los An
Ed Chambers. Los An
A . Bettens. Byron
P S Morse. Leadville
R W tter & w, Ky
F H Buck. Vaeavllle
Mrs Lorlgan, San Jose
G F Schwartz. Wash
ington. D C
W C Johnson, Me
J H Glide Jr. Sacto ¦
C R Whiting. N T
L A Hoerr, St Louis
Mrs C S ' Gottschalk.
New York
G T. Ooodman Jr. Cal
G H Proctor, N Y
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1900.
11
| McAUOV A CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3.
1239 Market St.; between' 8th and Uth.
. -. : .Telephone South 247. ¦
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Her.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMER3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. .
lifcNRY J. GALLAGHL3 tJ..
FOHU... NAVY-YARD a -d VALLEJO
Steamer " Montlcello."
. MON., Tues.. TVed., Thurs. and Sat at «-4S
a. m.. 1:15. 8:10 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlcht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m I
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. J. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE yy.
BATXBOAD TBAVEIk,
f Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fej«rp*:r\in IS5»forthetr»atmentof Private
vf\ JK -^f Diseases, Lost Mun hood Debility or
Kf4£i*#.V'l dln^aaew-«arineoii btxiyundmlnrtanii
s kin Dl»aad«a. l'h« dociorcuresirben
!>8lEsft\fe3 others falL Try him. Cb»rj{«» low
>i8BTOC>3 «'nr>-« tnnninl» t. Callorwrlta
Or. J. *¦- <ilBBO.>, Box 1957. Bau J>'i*acl4o*
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry
WEEK DAYS^-9:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:CO. 11:30 and 1:13 p. m.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return,
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market st. Sausallto Ferry.
P.AV Ann RTVEB STEAMEBS.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HO!fOtnLU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
SS. MOANA to Xew Zealand and Australia
....Thursday. October 4. 9 p m
BS. QUEEN (Honolulu onry)
Wednesday, October 17. 2 p"m
SS AUSTRALIA to Tahiti
¦•" Thursday. November 1. « p."m
i. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market SL
WEEK DAYS— «:53, »9:15. U:0O a. m.. "1:43.
«:15, 4:00. 5:15, 'SiU. «:1» p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wedaeadays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and il 35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «S:00. 10:00. •U:J0 a, m,. "1:13.
3:15. «4:45. «:*). 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:2S. 1:30. 7:45, 9.30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:43. »3:S0. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 4:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. •S:©©. *10:00. 11.45 a. m.,
•1:40,- Mas. 4:45, •«:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•> start from San Quentln.
FROM 1ULL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, «:«. 7:56. 9:S0 a. m..
12:35. 2:10. 3 30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdaya
and Saturdata at 7:10 and 10:20 o. m.
SUNDAYS^S:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05.' 1:15. 3:30.
5:00. «:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
<:55 a. m. week days— Caiadero and way sta-
tions. S
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Toinaie* and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
Via Sausallto Ferry:
Commencing September t», 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEt
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
» a. m. train Is tha Overland Express. Corre-
sponding- train arrive* at • p. m. daily.
4:10 p. m. la Stockton Local. CorrvspoDdlaj
train arrive* 11:06 a. m. dally. :
1:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakersfleid Express.
with Sleeping Cars for both cities.- Correspond*
Ing train arrives at 8 a. ni. dally.
OFFICES— 641 Market St. and In Ferry Depot.
Ean Francisco: U1S Broadway. Oakland.
OOIIPAOirrB OENEBALF. TBAN3ATLANTIQHE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Satllns" every Thursday. Instead of «*WSW>^
Saturday, from November 2. 1S99. atS'wvtt
10 a. m.. from Pier 43. North River, foot of
Morton street LA TOURAIN'E. Oct. 4:
L'AQUITAINE, Oct. IV. LA LORRAINE. Oct.
IS: LA BRETAGNE. Oct. S3. First claw to
Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to Havre
$42 60 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. J2 Broadway
(Hudson building). New Tork. J. P. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. . 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. ¦
1:00 pm
11:06 pm
1:1* a a
»:C5m
4 : W a a
5:10 a m
T:09 am
T:W am
Lt*. Baa rrmndsw. 9:00 a m 4:10 p m
?rr. Stockton 13:10 p m 7:15 p m
" Merced 1:43 p n> — — —
" Fresno ........ 4:20 pm
" Vlmalla <:00 p m
** Tatar* ......... 8:13 p ra . .
*" Hanford ...... !:!J pm ¦ v-
** Bakenfleld ... S:SO p m
** Denver 10:00 a m -
" Kansas City... 3:15 p m
" Chlearo 7:40 am
L«*t* Mark«t-atr*at F«rry Depot.
Santa Fe
Trains— Da»y
San Francisco and San Mateo Electrlo Kali-
way Company (owners) with George H. and
Seth. Walker (contractors), architect A. B.
Southard. C. E.— Carpenter and brick work,
steel columns and girder work, cast and
wrousht iron work, sralvanlzed Iron roofing,
palntlnc. plumbing, plastering, glazing, marble
and tile work for a one-story brick car house,
one-etory brick transformer house and two-
story . brick office building with basement on
lot on SK corner of San Joae and Geneva ave-
nues, E to ¦ W ' line of Delaware avenue. S
S02.92. W 454 to B line of San Jose avenue.
N to beginning, .being block 23. West End Map
1; $59,188.
Georg-e "W. Forsyth (owner) with Felix Mar-
cuse (contractor and architect)— All work for a
etx-room bulldlne on lot on E line of Cole
street. 236 N of Frederick. N 25 by E 115; J2G00.
Builders' Contracts.
C. C Clay to E. Cords, lot 7. block 751, on
map of C C. Clay's aubdlvlslon block 772. and
fractional blocks "2S. 734. 747. 751 to 754 and
770 of Levy & Lane'a Tract, quitclaim dead.
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Robert and Emma Cords to Robert Cords Jr..
same, quitclaim deed. Brooklyn Township; $10.
J. H. Landreth to Edward W. Mitchell, lot
on N line of Merrlmac (now Thtrty-elfhth)
street. 74G E of Telegraph avenue, aa widened
to 100 feet. W S3 by N 110. Oakland: $10.
Alameda County.
E. (or Edmund) Crawford to Martha O'Neal.
lot 55. block 184, Central Park Homestead Asso-
ciation; crant.
Estates of Mary J. E., Annie H. E. and
Eleanor J. Olaen (minors) by Harriet E. Olson,
(iruardian) to Harry Lorentzen, lot on S line
of Hill street, 440 E of Orizaba. E 50 by S 125.
block U. Railroad Homestead No. 2: $100.
Harry Lorentzen to Lillle A. Bishop, same;
Eift.
Clara R. McDonald to Ernst C. and Carolina
Schoti!, lots 3 and 4, block 17, Lakevlew, $10. i
Isabella D. Clark, Alice A. Clark Hart
(wife of Jerome A., formerly Alice A. Clark),
Mary B Carter (Clark), wife of John O.. and
Grace- E. Clark to Mary Burton Harrison (wife
of F. B.). Charles T. and Jennie A. Crocker,
lot on NE corner of Bush and Battery streets,
N 92 :« by E 80; »10.
Rosetta L. Lee (nee Rosetta L. SedKley) to
C. II. S. Pratt, lot W line of Bryant street.
150 N of Seventeenth (Santa Clara). N 23 by
W 100; .$10.
Callaghan Estate Company (a corporation)
to Emma and Alonzo Harrington, lot on W
line of Eleventh avenue. 300 S of H street, S
25 b>' W 120; $800.
A. W. Dlckleson to Peter J. Bllnn. lot on E
line of Tenth avenue, 275 S of H street. S 26 by
E 120; $10.
"tt'anda Mlnkowsky (Gallaml, wife of Gla-
como) to Nannie A. Meyerfleld (wife of M.),
lot on S line of Sutter street. 62:6 W of Lar-
kln. W 22:6 by S 70: $9750.
Antonio B. and Laura A. GonzaJes to Maria
Whitney (wife of John J.). lot on N line -of
OTarrell street. 137:6 E of Gouph. B 27:6 by
N 120; $10.
H. and Christine Peterson to Charles P.
Davles. lot on S lino of Carl street. 279:4 E of
Stanyan. E 25 by S 100; J10. .
David Kenne to Nora Kenne (wife), lot on
E line of Columbia (Florida) Ftreet, 286 N of
Twenty-fourth. N 26 by E 100: gift.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Co"t*toiv
A large shipment of Cotton
Rugs came tumbling in this
week. Pr etty patterns in pink
and white, blue and white and
green and w'hite.
Sizes and Prices:
18x36 inches $1.00
24x48 inches 1.75
30x60 inches 2.50
36x36 inches 2.25
36x75 inches 3-50
Also larger sizes.
These durable Rugs are bath-
room favorites with most people —
always look clean and comfort-
able. A window full of them.
Schluetci;
215-217 Sutter St., above Kearny.
Hi: At, . .ESTATE— |-CITV— FOR SALE.
a. 1 1£ "i">i-B?EX i co:.' • - ¦' : . ¦
•. • ¦ : .' - ' 14 Montc-mory Street.
. ", .•./ ; • ' • ' AUCTION ¦ ¦ .
• • -/.. AUCTION
-.- .:"¦ •' AUCTION
• ¦ ' " -." - : : AITTION' ¦
' • •. ... : AUCTION i • " »
¦: :. ¦ : ¦ auction / '
At our Sal.fsrrtom; MJ.iNOAY. October S. 1300.
:.-..." -'at 12 o'clock Noon. ' :
V '• •¦". ¦¦.REFEREES'- SALE. . " '
'The following, piece oi property, by order, of
H'.nry I*. T'.iKbsen nr.d Ja<-ob Brownston*, ref-
-erees. Subject to ccnfirmatlo.i by., the' court:
£2$ : .P:V.h t-t.'ar.d '63-7t-7S Harriet St.; lmpr. ve-
rveni* pawls* i>f ¦ **<>re,' lodging-house .of- IS
rvrns.irjil * tenements-': rer.ts .lill per- month;
lot HixICo'. dpulile.frobtag*. •
- . ; . fEXECUTOlfS SALE.
¦ 2.'C1 Twentieth st.. southeast corner Lexington
e.vervu*. -between Mission and Valencia sis. ;
¦bay.-* inflow residence -"of S rooms and bath;
'•I'.-t - UXxbi. ¦ Subject ;to -confirmation . by the
cviirt. • •'- ¦-' .-.¦ ¦:"'• . ¦' ¦ ¦¦
'.¦¦¦ :¦ •" ¦ . rjcEcrroR's sale. ""**¦¦
. yUCOtiSZmp Buchanan et.. east line, near Pine;
2 flats of 4 .and f roocsar.d bath each; rents
tJC: per! month: lot I2:Gx$2:6. . Subject -to ccm-
t;rir.at:on by the. court. ' . ¦ •_¦¦¦ ::¦¦.¦
¦ : EXECUTOR'S SALE. : •
• Fourteenth . et., -south llne ; betweeir Church
'and Sanchez; choice' building ¦ let"; imrrove-
r.'f.te t!.eref.<n xoneiEt" of a stable renting for JS
;:> : rrienth; lot 2^^125. Subject to -confirmation
I > ihe' court. ' • ; •..
. CHOICE PINE- STREET FLATS.
"-'35-:041 Pine Ft... south, line, near Buchanan:
C Qataj-oC 6 ar.d 7 rooms and bath each; rents
J'.C i<er mmth;.ii>t ::jtl37:«. ¦-• '¦
•-. WAREHOUSE SITE.
Eig-fcth et., northeast line t*>tw?en Bryant
and Brannan: this large, desirab'.e lot suitable
for either warehouse or static purposes; ; lot
*" PINE-STREET INVESTMENT. ,
CA P^r.e St.. south line, r.^ar Stockton'; lm-
jrcveroer.ts cor.slst at » ?ra.i:e residence; lot
i; 4^x157:6 to rtar street.
HA1LUOAP-AVE. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Iv24 -If 26 Uallroad ay«". .-toetweefl Twelfth ar.d
1 hirtepr.ih *ts.-; Imprbyfraeott consist of store
*-Uh £ rooms and flat <.l«ve of 7'rooms; lot 2ix
I*.* irr.egTjlar ' - - -
MISSION RESItHESCCE LOTS.
Eighteenth Koe a."3 Hartford ets. ; 21cho!ce
tu-.ldsr.*- lots to be pffcted en very easy terms;
ttoejr are iplewJlalj Seated' in the. warm belt
o: the Mission awl - ;:iy haU : * block from the
Junction of Market ar.d Castro *ts.
CASTUO-^TriKKT BUILDING LOT..
Castro"' et. •¦ 'east line, .between Fifteenth and
£!jaeemh; clii^e building lot • 25*100. : : -
For further ranicatars arT'-V at our- office.
G. H. LMBSEN & CO..
. .'. ¦ -. . 14 Montgomery st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. "•"; ¦ .; .
..; li MONTGOMER.T ST,
:fS 5Cr— Rents tt~> per month; ccrner in the Mls-
¦_ '.. tlcn; 6li rented; lot 25x112:6 to an alley.
itcm'caalC balance, on mortgage; rents *33
• . per rho.i store and flats; Clara 6t.
•g^nljnort* hrritl* K100 r*r- year; ccrner on Ellis,
rear Van Nesi; 'new improvements.
. I?. «'b-V Rer.ts 132 r>er ! month:; a rare bargain :
' ¦• P«ys biR interest; l^rge lot.:- splendid
; lippTOi-ecienis; r.esr Jackson and Mason.
jr-PCOr-Owner^anxious to sell; 2-story -reel-
• ¦-. dence; 9' rooms' and tath; large lot. 12:61c
115 to an a!iey; near Gapp and Twenty-
; ; ¦ • fiftb;'sta. ¦ ¦ •; -. . . ' :
Sli.'XC— Rent? J 1160 a year; well Improved busl-
;• ; • nets corner; rear Sutter and FHlmore
rts.; larfc-e lot 1 55x100; .Etcres and reel-
¦ ' ; dences. • . . . . • '• •
.St'.oe*— Near the corner cf Fourth .and Minna
sts. ; lot ~x70; 3-story building of 3 flats;
; rents J4iO. j*r ' y.ear. rf^ht in the heart
. -of tovn. ..;.'. '
lJ.TM>r-Rer..tE xr.-i per month: corner on Dolores
t ¦•¦ : et. : »p!1 Imcroyed with 2: new. flats of
.- --" . ¦ t and 6 rooms Jir.d bath each,- always
: rented; lot 2Cxb3.
• lOOQr-Rfr.t*. f 32 . per month; Buchanan et..
¦¦' r.ear IJa:thi: -2-etury h^use of i- rooms
! •-;. and bath; -street, bltuminized; ¦ cement
' ¦"¦ ¦ cidewaik; a decided barcaln for a home
¦ . . . ¦ t=eeker. . .*--*' - -
J2.DO0— Your cwn : terms;., new ccttafe. Jutt
¦ comjleted; 2?;i» I^ac'^na st., corner lot
¦ . n*s.r. Lombard; £ rooms, ba-th. reception
hall, etc. • ' -•
. 3f.2;0--Fourth St.; retail business property-
store and flat; rents $50 per month; pays
S per cent net; mu?t be sold to close
; .¦' ¦ '¦ estate; this Is a barraln.
$l?.6oO-^Rer;ts«J!6'T ; per month: always rented;
-*-am<* tenants for years; large corner;
well improved ¦ with stores and flat*;
McAllister tt.. not far Jrora Van Ness
'.' aye. . - • • •
SS,0OC — Rents $S5 per month; price reduced to
.. . xr.ake'quirk sal*; 2 houses, and rear cot-
tage on McAllister tt., close to Laguna.
RALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
r IPPOSITE NEVl' PARK: EVTHA.VCE.
buiijlne lota on very- easy payments;
on line of the H-st. electric cars and fronting
Golden Gate I'ark and the new mh-ave. boule-
rard.; only. a minute's walk from Strawberry
Hill and Park Attractions.
Macadamise f-trip-etii on Official Grades.
—Plank Sldewajkf. Gae and Water Service '.:¦.—
Moderate Pricet" — The Choicest Locality,
flare. Chance for Inveetment Se^Uri-a
.: . and Hom<' Kullders-
Yrur Own Terms— Interest Only 6 J'. r Ont.
Mrn^y advanrpd for building pxu , >"s; the
costliest and handsomest modern n~uses In
Su:i»*t DTttrlct are now being occupied and
constructed on the new I9th-ave. boulevard.
Call at ence at our branch office (open week
iays. Sundays and .holidays), corner of H st.
and Hh a\e.. -south of Golden Gate. Park, and
esk to be shewn these beautiful lots. Full par-
ticular* -ar.d price lists also at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montfc-omery it.
XIODERN :..¦.-¦- built ;lowest prlces;plans and
estimates furftlshed. Campbell. 1K7 Mission.
MISSION conae*: tvrw; S rooms, bath: lot 50x
.• 100; JSCW; ter-r.s'to mft buyer. 413 Kearny St.
"a VVEEK'S r.ew. for 5 cents-The Weekly Call.
¦ >6 y.-igps. in «Ta?r*r.- tor mailing, tl p*r year.
HEAL ESTATE COtXTRV— For !*»Ie
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
S0O0 ranches rn -my ; PALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other afeenti In this city.
. N. D. SICKLES, tfe; Jand aeent. « Geary et.
TOR SALE OH RENT— Fins fruit, grain and
.. ¦ f.o-k ranch. !>a a^res; near bay.. Address
H. P.. box 32S6. Ca-ir office. ¦ •
; . KEAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CITT : property -and TBT-m-i no'.d or <«Tchanred;
J4sts fTf-r. MARION <; P.I FFIN. 719 Market. r.L
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAJKEDA REAL ESTATE.
13ARGAINS in improved and uhlmproved Ala-
meda real estate In all parts cf Alameda on
»ary terms. • Alameda Land <*cmpany 1500
Hark ft.. Alamt^la: *0 Pf«t St.. San Frandnoc.
ALAMKDA ROOMS AKD BOARUL ;
WANTED— Ontleman and- wife tj board^
t >anr.i tomt; near Park-st. station.- 2214
Alameda ave. . .
BERKELEY ApVERTiSEMENTS
DGRKELEV flBAX. ESTATE..
4 LARGE rooms: h!rh basement: lot 60x135;
. . rood well water: 20 rood fruit trees: J blocks
from station; price J1100: terms to eult: take
Berkeley train, pet off at Lortn station.
OELLERICH & PERKINS.
t-ROOM. bay-window cottace; brick lounda-
tlon: tirantel; all modern; lot 37:6x100: S blocks
from station; near- schools, churches and
¦tores and electric -cars; price S1000; ternas to
suit.. OELJ^ERICH & PERKINS. .
NEW: 4 large rooms; bay-window cottace: all
nr-^Jern; large r.antry; j-ood well, tank and
fram*; lartte ehicken yard; lot EOxlOO: bl«;h
basement, t blocks from station: near t elec-
? Hc car lines. • stores, school, churches, etc.;
price tl. 00: terms to suit; lai« Berkejey train.
gj_oir « Lorla watlon. OELLERICH &
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATG.
AN ESTATE. • "
tsaio— Flue centralljr located corner: xood lm-
r.tr.v<;ments; producing . J700 per annum; bank
. ¦ ppraief ment JJ4.000; mortgage JCOOO can re-
. rain;, location -.will demonstnae to you" it has
tn assured future.
LAY1I A.VCE TlEA L ESTATE CO
' 4C0-«e; Eighth- st.. Oakland.
A EACRIF7CE-,tt5«).
15 ACRES. ... . 15 ACRES.
In Frultvale:- wortfi J1S.O00; subdivided into
X'tr ell around it; fine. garden l«n<3: Increase In
vaiue assured; owner called Xo Mexico; must
i^l!; offer wanted. • •- - ; ¦ - ' ¦
LATMANCE KHAL, ESTATE CO..
" 4C0t4G» Eighth bL. Oakland. .
ri-KNISHED or unfurnished house of 8 larre
rr<>msand bath: -sar.ltary plumblns; lot 50x
central locaUon. Apply K9 ISth et., Oakld.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
i OAKLAXU HOUSES TO LET.
1 LARGE 8-room house, furnished: modern: fine
location; reasonable; other bargains at E.
< E. BUNCE. 952 Broadway.
FOR list modern furnished and unfur. dwellings
j . arr>'y Laymance Real Estate Co., 460-462 8th.
I GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
• TIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
! CHTVPEST and best In America— The Weekly
i Call 16 pases, sent to any address in the
I Uriitod States or Canada one year for |L
| postaire paid.
I OAKLAND FUi'TVITURE FOR SALE.
I AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
; furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
j ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
' CLAY. 2421. near Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms: upper flat; yard; water: rear; rent $7.
ELLIS. HIT— A nicely furnished front room.
'suitable for housekeeping; kitchen adjoining.
' KOLSOM, 634.— Suriny housekeeping room;
I c'.oset, stove, bath; private; $6; or 1 rms $$.
j MCALLISTER. 1627— 3 rooms furnished; kitchen,
I bed and sitting; bath; all conveniences;
j' tunny; rent reasonable.
: OAK. 119— Sunny Eingle rooms, furnished for
; ' housekeeping. $3 60, $8 and J7 each.
I OFARRELL. 129 A— Nicely furnished front
I tunny room; privilege light housekeeping.
j SILVER, 165, near Fourth— 2 or S cheap fur-
! nlshed rooms for housekeeping.
TURK, 126— Two furnished sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; running water: closet; no children.
| _ . —
I TURK. 8C»— Newly furnished sunpy rooms; can
arrange for light housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
• A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et. ¦
' CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
! Call. 16 pages, sent to anv address In the
Vnlted States or Canada one year for fl,
' ' posfjirc fiald.
'ROOIIb TO LET — Fnrn. i»n«I l'nfarn.
j A^JBM^N'srvvTcirilouisT*"^^
; to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
I A QUIET and respectable "home for light house-
keeping; suit** $16 up; bath: telephone. St.
James. McAllister and Lamina sts.
j AUSTIN ave.. 105. off Polk— Furnished and un-
i furniehed rooms for housekeeping.
! BURNETT, 1416 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. EuHes, single; also unfurnished.
• BUSH. 324 — Furnished sunny rooms, suits -or
• . ringle. 25c per night up; transient.
' BUSH. T20 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
' renovated, nicely rum. sunny rms.. $1 50 to $7
[ week; 25c to Jl 50 night. MRS. P. UANFT.
''CLEMENTINA. 23—2 large sunny rooms; key
| upstairs.
1 CLIFFORD. 204 F.UU. cor. Mason— Elegantly
• furnWbed Funny rwmj; prices reasonable.
¦ ELLIS. 1SI»— 3 nicely furnlBhed sunny rooms.
I . with gaa. phone and use of piano if required;
| bath; reasonable.
: FIFTH. 3Sfi— To let, 4 nicely furnished rooms;
' . cheap. ' ___^____^^_
j FOLSOM. ' ?65. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
i ntthed sunny rms, single or suites: reasonable.
! GFARY, 405 <Th? Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
! rms.; Fuite* or single; travelers accommedatd.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
eingle; ladies' parlcr; reading-room; elevator.
' JONES. ?15— Large runny front suite and also
I. tingle room newly furnished.
! LAGUNA. 2S21. bet. Union and Green— Nice
I eunny front room, with or without board;
reasonable to right party.
i LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market st. -Suite of 2 or 3
rrr.s. ; private; bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
j MCALLISTER. 1*92— Nicely furnished light
| room; rent $6.
' MINNA. T67. cor. Eighth-New furnished bay-
; ¦ window room. $1 per week; transient.
i NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
. furnished rooms. $2 a week up: 85c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elecFric lights; day. wk.. mo.
t ROPEDALE House. J19 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 2fe to SI. week SI 25 to S<; open night.
• ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent light:
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nlcht. 55c to 51 50; week. $2 to
i $S; month. SS to 120: elevator on ground floor;
room* with hot and cold water: baths.
; SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Kiffhth St..
near MarVet — Furnished or unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 31S— Suite of rooms suitable for mar-
I rled couple or 2 gentlemen; al^o single rooms.
i TENTH. 12S. near MaAet-1 smaJl light room:
running water; $9 per month.
THIRD. 419. cor. Perry— 5 nice newly furnished
! sunny roome; corner fiat: bay-windows.
] THREE sunny front rooms: running water;
ea«; stove: 114. 1005H Valencia St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 p«g's, sent to any address In the
¦ United States or Canada one year for $1.
j post ag» paid.
i — — — "*— """^ **"—^~^"™ —*^ —^"^"*
ROOMS AND BOARD.
i ROOMS and board at 2242 San Antonio ave..
Alameda.
j BOARD and rooms at 41S First st.. near Mar-
j *— "~^~ " ~~ —^ m - - mm ~~~ •" ~ — "— *
ROOMS WASTED.
GERMAN gentleman desires to rent comfort-
I able room from German widow or ladles;
! North. Beach preferred; state particulars
Pot 2221. Call office.
I *~"*""^ —
SrECIAJL .NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from t2 60; whitened. SI up;
j.alntlr.sr done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
I BAD tenants ejected for S4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
413 Mcptgom^ry st.. rooms 9-19; tel. 55?0.
5EWI.VG MACHINES, AX13 SUPPLIES.
I ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged : re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 4th st.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
I shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
I ALL kinds bought, rold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
Tel. Main 1S«O; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2S2O Flllmnre st.: phone Jsckson 2S1.
| TYPEWniTOS AMI SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINsTN'Tl^iEwitlT^ERa^We
•ell better machines for less money than any
; house In the city; rentals. %i. The Typewriter
' Exchange. 626 California: telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters: any make.
Write Tor orlces to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery rt.
j NEW typewriters. (5 down. $5 month payments
' P.nVALK. 409 California st
DIVIUK.Vn XOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. 22,- of Seventy-
tive Cents (7Dc) p«w share on the issued
capital stock of the company has been de-
c l mr 2?\ »"-y»bl« «t the office of the company.
430 California at.. San Francisco, on October
10, 1900. Transfer books close October J. 1900,
at noon. a. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
i'UOPOSAI.H. ~~~
PROPOSALS for clearing and grubbing trees,
grading leve ing and rolling and repairing
roads at National Cemetery. San Francisco"
; CaL -General Depot Quartermaster's Depart-
ment, Z6 Is«»w Montgomery st., San Francis-
co, September 3. 1900-SeaIed proposals In
triplicate, will be received at this office until
11 o'clock a. m.. October 4, 1900. and then
opened for the above work. In accordance
with plans and specifications on file here
which can be seen on application. Envelopes
I containing proposals will be Indorsed "Pro-
; posals for Clearing. Grubbing and Repairing
! "o^as. etc." and addressed to Major OSCAR
I F. LONG. Quartermaster. U. 8. Vols.. Depot
I QuarUrmacter.
! PROPOSALS for stone wall-General depot.
I Quartermaster's Department. 26 New Mont-
j. gomery st.. San Francisco. October 1 1900
i Sealed proposals will be received at this or-
flce until 11 o clock a. m.. on November 1.
1900. and then opened, for construction of
gtone wall along southern boundary of Mill-
; tary Reservation. Presidio of San Francisco,
! tn accordance with plans and specifications
! on file here, which can be seen on applica-
tion. OSCAR F. LOI^J. Major and Quarter-
I master, U. 8. Vols.. Depot Quartermaster.
RED STAR LINE. '
N«w York and Antwerp.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
SO Montgomery Street.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland Oct. I Kensington Oct. 24
Southwajrk ..Oct. 10 Noordland .; Oct Jl
¦Westernland Oct. 17 Southwark Nov. 14
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Louis Oct. J|St. Louis Oct. 24
New Tork Oct. 10 New Tork Oct. SI
St. Paul Ort. 17'St. Louis Nov. 14
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TORK. SOUTHAKPTOX. LONDON. PARIS.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at I p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki an4 Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARC
Wednesday, October 17. 1JOO
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday, November U. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU
i Thursday. December 8. 1900
/ Via Honolulu. - ,
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
COLUMBIA sails Oct. 5, 15, 25, Nov. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.. .Oct. 10. 20, SO
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMER8 TO
I=>O RTLAN ID
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
Ri : $1 1 First Class Including Berth
" ?S5^cjnd Class. and Meals.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i v Steamers leave Broadway
*fc» wharf. San Francisco:
fcjjhjfc.^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
«*CSS)Bj. Oct. 4. S. 13. 18. 23. 23. Nov. S.
tjrSJjfJlShjav Change to company's steam-
l*r»Vj\£^ ers »t Seattle.
tS&i/adq Vil For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
Rga^irjSl C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
X^^HlsKaB Tacoma. Everett. Anacort'*
Uf- a-nd New Whatcom (Wash.).
•*« 11 a. m.. Oct. 4. 8. 13. 18. 23. 28.
Nov. 2. and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 1 p. m.. Oct. 5.
10. 15. 20, 25. 30, Nov. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San IMego. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los Ang»Ies)— 11 a.
m.. Oct. 4, J. 12. 16, JO. 24. 23. Nor. L and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Oaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. Oct. 2. 6. 10. 14. IS. 21. 28. 30. Nov. S.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of eacb
month.
For further information obtain company'*
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
¦treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKIN'S & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
(CirFricnds and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funerat to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
valente. Martnl & Co.. 1624 Stockton street,
between Green and Union. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
JCTThe funerat will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), from 1417 Geary street, thence
to Bt. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem
macs will be said for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
REARDOX-In this city, October 2. 1900,, at
the residence of her mother. 1206^4 Howard
street. Hannah (Jennie), beloved daughter of
Nora and the late Dennis Reardon, and loving
Bister of Katherlne, Louise. Annie. Tessle.
Helen and John Reardon. a native of Smarts-
ville, Yuba County. Cal.
RUHSER-In this city. October 1. 1M0. Chris-
tine, beloved wife of F. William Ruhser, and
mother of F. William Jr. and Willie F.
Huhser. a native of Holsteln. Germany, aged
U years and 7 months.
(C7Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment
CypreRS Lawn Cemetery.
RYAN— An anniversary requiem high mui
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of- the late Thomas Ryan at St. Brlgid's
Church, this day (Wednesday), commencing
at 9 o'clock.
SKIMMINGS— In Alameda. October », 1900.
Martha McC. Skimmings.
WATERS— In this oityi October 1. 1900. John,
dearly beloved husband of Bridget Waters,
and father of Thomas. Josephine. ICatherlne
and John Waters and Mrs. M. Maytes. and
brother of the late Martin Waters, a native
of the parish of Drumcllffe, County Sllgo.
Ireland, aged 65 years.
ICT'Services will be held this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence. 305 Devlsadero street, between Page
and. Oak. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
O'BRIEN- In this city, October 2. 1900, Gerald
I., son of tho late J. J. and Mary O'Brien,
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years.
IT7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street.
OSMERS— In this city. September 30, 1900.
Charles Osmers. husband of Anna Osmers,
and father of Augusta. I >r. William and Her-
manda Osmers. a native of Germany, aged 75
years 8 months and 12 days.
[L7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
6:30 o'clock, from her late residence. 1905
Pupont street, thence to St. Francis Church.
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the ropose of her soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets. Please omit flowers.
MOHR— In Stockton. SeotembPT 2S, 1900. Mrs.
Mohr, beloved wife of John Mohr of Bethany,
aced 53 yoars and 3 months.
McDERMOTT— In this city. October 1, 1900,
Thomas McDermott, a native of Maine, aged
61 years. (Boston papers please copy.)
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MURPHY— In this city. October I. 1900. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Captain Frank Mur-
phy, a native of Kenvera. County Galway.
Ireland, aged 63 years 9 months and 1 day.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
¦ Halsted & Co.. P46 Mission street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
MILLER— In this city. October 2. 1900. Hazel
A., beloved daughter of J. li. and Nell F.
Miller, and sister of Henry B. Miller, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 11 years 2 month*
and 12 daj-s.
IT7"The funeral will take place this day
( Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Paclflo
Undertaking Company, Mission street, near
Fourth.
LISKE— In this city. October 2. 1900. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Hermann Llske, a na-
tive of New York, aged SI years. (New York
pepers please copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral jto-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the home
of his mother. 1617 Baker street. Interment
National Cemetery.
LAWSON-In this city. October 1. 1900, Henry
Lawson. a native of Pennsylvania, aged 67
years Z months and 17 days. (Kenton. Ohio,
papers please copy.) »
EvTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 1553 Turk street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
JONES— Entered into . life eternal. In this
city, October I, 1900. Bernice Jeffreys, infant
daughter of Richard E. and Maude E. Jones,
a native of Ban Francisco, aged 8 days.
KROHN— In Victor. Colo., September 27, 1900.
Gustave A., dearly beloved son of Mrs. Julia
M. Krohn, and dearly beloved brother of Maud,
Theodore, Theresa and Hans Krohn, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years 1 month
and 11 days.
tC7"The funeral will be held to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors at Seventh and Castro streets.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
GUNN— In this city. October 1, 1900, Francla.
beloved daughter of b*lephen and Delia Gunn.
and slser of Gertrude and Mabel Gunn. a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 years and 8
months. •
ICTTnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday). from the residence of her
mother, Mrs. P. L. Hall. 15 Lapldge street;
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
FRIEND— In Oakland. October 2, 1900, Cora R.
Friend, a native of Texas, aged 3S years.
ERLANDSOX-ERL.AND— Inajhls city, October
1, 1900, Henrietta N. Erlandson-Erland. be-
loved daughter of Mrs. L. Hall and the late
Captain N. C. ETlandson. and sister of Mrs.
M. Saulpaugh. James and Fred Krlandson
and Geor^te, Lena and Phoebe Hall, a native
of Eureka. Humboldt County, Cal., aged 20
years and 4 months.
£7FTi»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
James McMenomey & Son. 1007 Mission street,
near Seventh, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ELICK— In Berkeley. October i. 1900, Walter,
beloved son of Erick and Christina Ellck. a
native of Berkeley, aged 5 years 1 month
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o"clock. from the residence
of her aunt, 1613 Church street, thence to
St. Paul's Church, where a requiem maas
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commenclntr at 9:30. o'clock. Interment
private In Holy Cross' Cemetery.
DHUE— In this city. October 2. 1900 Edward,
beloved brother of John Dhue and the late
Mrs. Mary Lennon, a native of Roscommon.
Ireland, aged 60 years.
t^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful!? invited, to attend tbe funeral this day
(Wednesday}? at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness ave-
nue, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem hifch mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DALY— In this city. October 2, 1900. Flossie O.,
beloved daughter of Kate C. and the late
James Daly, beloved niece of Annie A. and
the late P. Carney, a native of San Fran-
cUco, aged 15 years and 8 days.
CAVAN'AGH— In this city. October 1. 1900.
Maurice, beloved husband of the late Ellen
Cavanagh, father of John F. and Maurice*
Cavanagb Jr., and brother of Mrs. Mary
Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aced 67 years.
DIED.
Cavanagh, Maurice Miller» Haael A.
IJhue, Edward Murphy. Catherine
Daly. Flossie O. Mohr, Mrs.
Ellck. Walter McDermott, Thomas
Brlandson-Erland. Osmers. Charles
Henrietta. N. OBrlen. Gerald I.
Friend. Cora. R. Keardon. Hannah
Gunn. Francl* Ruhser. Christine
Jones, Bernice J. Ryan. Thomas
Krohn. Gustave A. Skimmings. Martha
Lawson. Henry Waters, John
Llske. Catherine
JBJaXLEOAD TBAVEL.
iniiTUKRJI WAVtWHO COJICANT.
(rAcirie statcm.)
Traloi !••»*•» nn.t atr* •«• (• t»rrlv« .«
NAM nUMCDHia, .
(Vain Line, Foot of Maik't S treel )
I.SATB — TRO* OCTOBXK I. 1300. — AKRITl
•7:O(»» Benleia, Suisun. Elmira. Vkj»?U1*.
Rttmae} and nacrunento .... *7s4t»»
•7:OOa Shait* Express -IKtU. WilUams (for
BarUett 8priogs). Willow*. U*i
Blufl, PorUaiuL *7i43r
•7iSOa Martinez. SaMltaiuon.VallejaNapa. .' '
I'a'.lHtr-KtantlSitiitH Ron ..... . «ni|-j.
••:OO* DaTls. Woodland, Kuighu Laudinj.
MariiTilie, Uru'ille. . *7:i3p
•%iOO» AtUutlc Rxprsaa— Ojilan aod East *12:l-1r
•S»O« k NUe», Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton *»i 1 5 1
•»i'4U a San Jose, Lttermore, Mtocktoii, .
lone, . Sacrameuto. FUecrilllo,
M'trystl!!-. < alco. Uo.l ItluiT .' MllS*
•AiSOa Oikilalr, Chinese. Soucr*. Carters... • 1:1.1*
•11:00a Hsjwaril*. Nilt-iand Way Stations. M 1U.1*
•HiOOa Los Anfelea Express — Martinez, ¦
; Tr»oj. Lathrop, .Stuektoo. Meroed
. - Frcono anil Los Angeles *7>inp
•9:>CIH V»11,.J.,. Martln<nan<t Wtty HUllonf *St«.1r
•IOiOU« The UrerUud limited— Ogdao, Deo- .
t*t, Omaha. Chicago 'flillr
•11:OOa Jfllfs. bVickton, Macramento. Men-' ' ¦ .
data, Fresno, lUudinl. VIa»li*. .
PortvrTlll* ; MUBr
•IIiOOa liTermora. Banker. .: Goshen Joao-
tluo. Bakenarld. Los Angeles - •'. .
•iaitt«M H*jw*rJ». Nile«ai,.I Way aUUoos. *3:4.1p
tl:OWr SKCiautMito Ul«*r Siwimi t.VOu*
. MiUSr Hajwarda, Nllraaud Waj SuUona. MiOr
Minor Maitius*. Siu IUiu - V.UsJo, -
Napw. C»H«..k«. K«uU Itoia *Sll3a .
•4i««r Douicia. Winters.' Naoiauiento, . '
Wixxlland. K>ifi;UU l^adlug. ¦¦ ¦¦ .
ll»n<t>llle. «Ho*l!le •¦•i-ISa
Mi3Dp Nile*, Han Juaaaud Htocktoa '.. *7slAr.
*3:OOrTlia Owl Uajl>d— Tracy. Fresno. •¦
lUker* Sc'.il. Hangtia for eiauta Bar- '-¦< -
bars. Lea Au«flfs *l«t|.'l«
•3t««r Stookton *lii«»
•5i««r.\™ Orlpanr Express— Itakeriflald. . -
,S»uta liarbata. Jais AngMaa. Uem- -' '.
Ing. El Paso, New Orleaua and --->"•• -.
F.ut , i_i •7>«»» .
•ftflCr Ilaywardj, Mies aod Han Josa *7i41a
*O:O»r VallwJ«» . m fiitHr
¦ttiOor Oriental Mall— Ogden. Chejenn*.
Omaha. ChtngD *12:-I3r
•«:O«r Oriental • Mali— Ofidoa. Denver,
. OiuhJi*. Chiocgo. '. • MilSp
•7:OOr KUea. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton. ... •I3tt3r
•7tVOr Oregon aqd Callrornis Kifn-n s« 0 -
l»»mi.l,,, M«r>i..i!l». . l:<f.l.lln K , .
|-.»U»i>.l. I'iiij-t Moini.l anil Raak •S^Sa .
t1.03j» Vallf]..,- 1'urt Ucita and Way Mia
¦ UoilS. ¦¦.....¦¦ lll.««P
COAST DlTDtlOJ (?larron »a«c«).
(Foot »t Market 3tre«l.> : - -¦
•SiISa Newark. <_>>itfr»ii]f,s» 0 .li/(«j, IV ton.
BoulderCTeek.HantaOriuand Way
Stations »«it»p
f3iia* Newark, CenterfllU, fian Jose, N«w
' .\lin*.1«n. Fnltou. Itunlder Vtftk, ., -"¦
Santa Cm auil 1'iinelpal Wai -
SbtUoiis:. fl» i-1«»
•4tl3p Newark, Sau Joae. Los Galo«.... r .. 'SiA**
al 1 :43p Hancen' Excnnlan. din Joso and
Way Sutlooa ??!«•?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
r/oasm raiicisca— r»«t »r «¦><¦[ sumisio j>—
•7:18 »:00 11:00*. M. tl;J3 *203 tl>83
•«:C0 t!:33 •«:S3rn. • ¦ . .
rnmOULiUS — ri«l*rBr«>d w. ».—•«. 00 8 00 10:00*.tf.
t»:C3 ¦ *l:05 : t»:33 *3:S3 . 1>;CJ •8:33r.w.
COAST limsiOX (KroaiMUHKP). ¦ ..
(Third »! «• Townsend Hti.)
?«il«* Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. 1<i(3Ur
*7tO4»A Han Jo»e ami 'Vay Stali. us (X«w
Almatlsr We,liie.J*j» ...,lj) *liS»r
••¦•OAHa.ii June. Traa I'luoa. tUuta Crna, ; • - .
PaclHo Cioia. I'ato Uubl«s. Man ''¦-.
],ula Ol>i*i>»; Surf, I.onipoc and
I'rincipal Way Station* MilHr
•ln:4o* Ssji Jixa aud Way SUUoi.s ....... *«:X1t
•II:3Oa Man Jots au<l \T»- Mutioua ' •Sillllp
t»t-l»r San Milw, H^Uwoo-i. Menlo Park.'
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. .S«u .!<»»•,-' -
Tres Finos .Sauta Cms, Salinas. . ' •
Mouteroy an.t 1'acilie Grurs.. .... »li»:.l(i t
fa<3"r "an Joae aii<l Way Station* .... *?:3»p
t.4:l-"»r ftau J')«p aih! rrlneipal Way Stations •U:4.">>
|J:OOr8.io Jose, Loa Gates and rrinctpal • -.
.- Way Stations '. t»:»««
¦3i3»r San.Iaseauil Principal W«y Stations *«:33a
•«:.U»p «»., J u> - an.l Wiiyfltatiom.: ?«:<•!»,
allt4Sp San .tosaniiil Way Stations.. •la.lOp •
A for Morning. P for A t teruoon.
•Dally. t Sunday •xoaptad. ; J 3und»» oorfy. -
- ; -fl S».««r<l»I onlj. ¦ ¦¦ '¦
CAUF0BN1A NORTHWESTERN ET. Ca
' J_iH:SSI3H3
SAU FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIHS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoa Ferry. Foot of Market St
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
VTZTCK DATS— 7:30. »r00. 11:00 a. m. ; llrSJ.
J:JO. 6:10, S:M p. rn. Thurs Jays— Extra trip
at 11:20 a m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:'.i
and 11:10 d. m.
tVNDAI8-l:00. »:30. 11:00 a, m. : 1:30. 1:30.
»:C0. C:20 D. ra.
8A.N RAFAEL TO 8AM FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK DATS— «:10, 7:50/ »:», 11:10 a. m. ; 13:43.
1:40. 5:13 p. tn. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:53 and I:U o. m.
6UNDAYS-tS:10. t:«0. 11:13 a. m. : 1:49. J10.
g:05. t:2C ?. rn.
Between ran Btanctsco and Behuetzen Park
»aup» sch«Uul« cm above.
Lea.r« J In TtticU I * ArrlTe
Ban JTanclaco. |Apr. 13. 13C0-I San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I I . Sun- I Wesfe
Z>aya. ( days. I Destination.! day*, j Day*.
T:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:10 am
1:30 pm 1:30 am FefMuraa. 8:05 pm 10:23 ra
1:10 pm t.-OO pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm t:"0 pm
Fulton. •
TdO am TVlndirer. 10:25 ans
Healdsburg-.
Lijrtton.
Oeysenrllle.
t:M_cm 8:C0 am Clorerdale. 7:SS pm t:» pm
T:tO ami I Hopland I 110:25 am
1:80 pm| »:C0 am| xnd UklaA. I 7:S3 pm| tip pm
l^sffl ~ : v 10:36 am
1:00 am Gaernarllle. 7:33 pm
1:80 pm ¦ • <:Wpra
T:W am 1:60 iml Sonoma 9:15 am S:4!) ara
and .
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Olen Ellen. «:0S pm »:» pm
T:30 am] l:C0 ami . 110:40 am 10:23 ani
1:80 pm| 5:C0 pal Sebaatcpol. I 7:35 pm 1:10 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprlnrs and Whit* Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurts,: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyaervlll* for Skssr* Sprtn»T»: at Clwerdal*
for the Qeystrs; at. Hopland tor Duncan
Bprtnn. Highland Sprtnr*, Kelsarvtlla. Cart*-
bad SprlnRS. Soda Bay. Laksport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah far Vichy Springs. Sarator*
Springs. Blue Lake-* Zrfturcl . Dell Laks. Wltt«r
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. • Pottsr Valler.
John Day's, Rivvnlde. L,ler.ley*a, Buckneirs.
fianhediin Heights, Ilullville. Orr't Hot
Bprlngi, Mendoclno City. JTort Braxr, West-
port Usal. Wllllts, ' Lartonrills. Cummin*.
XSeirs Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotl*
a\nd Eur»ka. ¦ ¦- ¦ . - ..
Saturday to Monday roun*<\trio tickets at
reduced rates. . . •' ¦•
On Sunday ronnd trip, ticket! to all polaU
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. ¦ -
Ticket offlc««. 850 Market St.. Chrontcl* blJg.
H. C WHITIKO. R. X. RTAN. .
<3en*r»l Manager. . O«n.'P4ss. Ajsnt ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Charles "W. P. Douglass. 23. Denver, Colo.,
and Emma M. Owens, IS. 119 Fifth street.
Rudolph E. Geerlng, 32, San Francisco, and
Lillian E. Geralmen, 29, San Francisco.
Giorgio Pellegrini, 21. 4 Bartol street, and
Glulla PIstoresi, 19, 4 Bartol street.
AgOEtino Belli, S3, Colma, and Pla Clml. 2S,
415 Bay street.
Angelo Statnpanoni, 29, Colma, and Palmira
Blgxio. 23. Colma. .
Albert J. May. 25. 151 California street, and
Katherlne A. Rafferty. 21. 1477 Geary street.
William J. Cuneo, 19. 2433 Howard street,
and Marie M. Ticoulet, IS. 63 Silver avenue,
Edward Kelly, 60, 2623 Howard street, and
Veron E. Shlnn, 31. 2623 Howard street.
Daniel S. Burwell, 25, Oakland, and HatUe
B. Hardlnc, 23. Oakland. ..
Alonzo I. Markwell, 25, Alameda, and Ida S.
Anderson, 22, Alameda.
Giuseppe Ferrari, 26, Sacramento, and Fran-
cis Pasqualo, IS, 410 Union street.
William S. Ellis, 26, Honolulu, and May C
Schrelber, 21. Ean Francisco.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
BORN.
HANSSEN— In Oakland. October 1, 1900, to th«
wife of Olaf J. Honssen. a sen.
McCANN— In this city, September 29, 1900, to
the wife of Ed McCann. a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall wll! not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to bare the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.His contention, he said, was based upon
reports from his raftmen and experts and
he promised to further Inquire Into the
matter and if he had been misinformed to
withdraw his protest. ": 1
Edward M. Herrick, president of the
Pacific Pine Lumber Company, was be
fore the Harbor Commission yesterday, to
back up his statements that plies being
used in wharf bulldlnc were not fit for
the purpose . and" to protest against the
further use of such material. • Mr." Her
rlck's protest came to an abrupt conclu
sion, however, when samples of the piles
being used were brought Into the board
room, for after a careful scrutiny of the
samples Mr. Herrick said If there were
no worse piles being used then his con
tention was without value.
and Promises to Investigate
Further.
Admits Samples of Piles Are Good
HERBICK PROTESTS TO
HARBOR COMMISSION
We are continually adding to our fram
ing department new and novel designs in
framing materials, superb patterns and
shapes , in ready-made frame? and In all
mai:ner of finishes. Dainty and delicate
moldings at the 'most reasonable prices.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
. ... i .,¦¦..--.-¦,¦¦ . ¦ ¦
Pretty Effects.
ST. PAUL'S FAIR HAS
A LARGE ATTENDANCE
It Is the Host Successful Bazaar
Ever Given in the
Mission.
St. Paul's Church fair, that Is now open
in the assembly hall of the church build-
ing at Twenty-ninth and Church streets.
Is going with a boom. Last night the dif
ferent booths had all been artistically ar
ranged for a iush of business, and the
pretty vendors were kept quite busy. The
restaurant, under the supervision of Mrs
Himmelstoss, took in all kinds of money'
The young ladles who assisted in this de
partment were Misses Mary and Annie
Whlteside, Emilie Wales and Kitty
Woods. Captain M. J. Wrin, the president
of the men's committees, was out at the
bazaar ! early and remained late seeing
that everybody was attentive to t.Se work
assigned to them. Mrs. "VVrin has charge
of the Sacred Heart booth and has for
Bale some beautiful tapestries.
The Holy Angels Sodality's booth has
a grab-bag, which has made quite a hit
The young ladles of this booth are Miss
Essie Nolan, Miss Minnie Bray and Miss
Mary Cunihan. Captain H. J. Reilly runs
the wheel of fortune and Thomas Wise
helps out In the candy stand, which is
beautifully illuminated at night
No More "Trusties."
The "trusties" In the- City Prison will
soon be a thing of the past. For some
years prisoners with good records have
been pressed into service to assist the
prison police, but soon they will be
obliged to remain In their cells. Chief Su!
llvan has decided that police officers must
do duty about the prison. They must
march the prisoners to the cells after
they have been booked and watch in the
corridors. There are about ten "trusties"
now about the hall. Their terms will soon
expire and they will not be replaced by
others. This new order will cause an jii
crease in the force of office duty men.
The total month's shipments amount to
112 bound books, 126 paper-covered books,
2350 magazines and 4450 papers. •
Thanks are returned- to the following
named: Mrs. S. Schwabacher. Mrs. Wil
liam J. Abernathy, Auburn Red Cross So
ciety, The Examiner, The Call, The
Chronicle. The Argonaut, The Wave. Cal
ifornia Red Cross, Mrs. Heyde, Mr. Crotc
Mr. Cotter,' Miss E. Kohlberg, Schneider's.
Alameda; University Club. Mrs. Douty,
Miss Samuels, Riverside Red Cross, Mrs.
G. M. Kutz. .Mrs. Coit. Miss Isabelle V.
Whitney, A. W. Bell. -M. E. Book Con
cern and Mrs. Jules Levy.
Nine boxes have been sent to the isl
ands-of Guam, Samar, Negros, Bongoa
and Leyte, the military hospital at Santa
Cruz and to the transport for reading
en route.
Five boxes containing seventy-eight
bound books, seventy-six \ paper-covered
books, 1296 magazines and 1223 papers have
been sent to the library in Manila.
The following donations of literature
have been received at room 30S, Phelan
building, for. shipment to the soldiers in
the Philippines: Fifty-one bound books,
ninety paper-covered books, 2555 maga
zines 'and 3S0O papers. '
Literature for Soldiers.
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best in city.«
YACHT-OWNERS WILL
. .. GET FINE TROPHIES
Silver Cups Won at the Interclub
; . K«gatta to Be Presented on
Friday.
At a meeting of the Pacific Interclub
. Taeht Association held on Monday night
in the Merchants' Exchange, the report
of the regatta committee awarding the
prizes to the winners in the races sailed
September & and 16 was confirmed. Tfie
trophy committee reported that J. M.
Ma/donough ha? promised to give $250
each year for the next five years, -the
rntjney lo be expended in prizes In the
;-m.apn^r. that. seems best to the Interclub
: Association. Ex-Commodore Herbert E.
. I<ew. has also promised to give a cup for
the yjichts in the 2^- foot class annually
for the next live years. It was suggested
. ..th.?t.: the money to be given by Mr. Mac-
Vdpnough should be so divided that during
.th* 4 ' period of live years each class shall
r« <-Hvo rhe . sum of ££0 In prizes. This
• ' Fugcestlon. however, was not approved
by the majority of the delegates, who
. ..think that the larger classes should have
. more, valuable trophies at each annual re
jgatia. than- the. smaller classes.
-;'. As the expense of holding two regattas
\ ¦wae considerable, and there are two silver
¦'•"cups' awarded in each of the classes ex
•'.-cojit; the 70-foot class., in which I. Gutte's
•;' Echoo-rier Chispa was the only starter on
¦ : -September. 3«n it was decided not to award
: ¦the. Usual prize flags or certificates. A"n
•--iaf:pC5*=rrient "f' thirty dollars on each club
: ; iirr the '/association will » pay all indebted
.-.itepf!, and leave a pmall surplus for car
•7.ry[ngi nn. the business of the association.
• -. ; T:he- euj>s presented by the Semi-Centen
vnlal Admission Day Celebration Cornmit
-. tee -of the . Native Sons of the Golden
•' Wept ;are duly engraved and ready for
pfcr ertatlon. The owners of the winning
•yaichts will receive the trophies at 5 p. m.
'"pji'Friday in the' Merchants' Exchange or
'. *forn».v other suitable place, of which
' they. 'will be notified by the secretary of
the vassoci&tion.
Boxers.
If the story told yesterday morning to
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock by Lum Heung be true the authori
ties of Mono County, while technically
and legally right, have been unwittingly
made the agents for the persecution of
Lum Heung or Lem Yung by designing
persons who are attempting to seize his
land. Heung was arrested by the county
authorities on a charge of being a Chi
nese laborer in the country without a cer
tificate of registration, as required by the
act of November 3. 1S93.
He told Judge Heacock yesterday that
he owned an elght-acfe tract of land
eighteen miles from Bridgeport, on which
he had raised vegetables and other prod
uce for the past twentv years. Some
weeks ago some white men told him that
they wanted to build a road through his
land and offered what he considered to be
a ridiculously small price for the land to
be occupied by the road. He refused the
<?ffer and they procured his arrest so that
he might be sent back to China and the
road could be built through his land dur
ing his absence.
Judge Heacock continued the further
hearing of the case for one week, and
Assistant United States Attornev Wood
worth will send to Bridgeport for deposi
tions. Heumr admits that he did not reg
ister and says It was because he had never
heard of the registration act. there being
no Chinamen in his neighborhood.
The Chinese Six Companies have en
gaged Maguire' and Gallagher to defend
Heung. They will raise the point that as
Heung owned his farm and worked only
for himself he was not a laborer and
therefore not required to be registered.
LUM HEUNG MAY LOSE
HIS MOUNTAIN HOME
Alleges That He Is the Victim of a
Conspiracy of White
Superintendent of Schools Webster an
nounced yesterday that ,he was about to
inaugurate a determined • attempt to en
force the compulsory education law, which
requires the attendance in school of every
child between the ages of 5 and 17 years.
The Superintendent has had framed a
resolution which he will, present at . the
next meeting of the Board of Education
and he will strongly urge its adoption. He
will be supported. In his project by at
least two members of the board, and he
believes that the importance of compelling
children to attend school will be realized
by the" full board. Chairman Mark ex
pressed himself in these columns several
months ago as being in favor of taking
some steps to Increase the school attend
ance. Webster's resolution Is as follows:
Resolved and ordered. That ¦ this Board of
Education appoint certain persona, to be desig
nated as attendance officers,, whose duty shall
be to proceed to the dwellings ami abodes of
the parents of such children as, by the school
census next preceding, were' reported' as having
attended no school during the year; to Inquire
into the causes of such non-attendance; to en
deavor to Induce parents to place their children
at school, and to perform such other functions
as this Hoard of Education may direct, to se
cure children their educational rights. '•'
Webster states further that there will
be submitted at the approaching session of
the Legislature an .amendment to" the
present law on compulsory education,
which Is inoperative because there is no
alternative ' penalty provided. It is in
tended to secure the passage of a bill the
provisions of | which will be more exten
sive and effective in order to secure to
children their educational rights. At pres
ent the penalty for violation is $20 fine for
the first- off ense and not to exceed 130 for
subsequent offenses.
"My idea," sa'd Mr. Webster, "is that
there should be provided schools to which
might be .committed habitual truants or
boys seriously delinquent in deportment.
The measure should provide for attend
ance officers, whose duties are outlined
in my resolution. More effective penalties
should be , inflicted on parents, guardians
or employers. Ample school facilities and
accommodations, which this city at the
present time by no means provides, should
be provided."
"All the public schools of this city are
filled with the exception of two rooms at
the Hancock., two at .he Grant, one at the
Whittler and five at the Jefferson. The
question of how the 18,656 children report
ed as attending no school could be pro
vided with facilities if compelled to attend
arises. The board would be obliged to
rent such rooms and buildings as would
accommodate those seeking school privi
leges., - • ¦ --
The consolidations recently effected In
the department have contracted school ac
commodations so seriously that in many
instances parents have been unable to
have their .children enrolled- or ; prefer to
send them to private Institutions.
Another important factor to be consid
ered In compulsory attendance is the ne
cessity for a generous appropriation for
free text books. This necessity is ap
parent if the compulsory education law is
enforced. ,
Webster Is Preparing to Gather In All
Children of School Age.
COMPULSORY EDUCATION
SOON TO BE ENFORCED
W^,,!t7cf 2 di' iWCl I 1 H t nd ™ i , ccman 1 9- "• Knight gave the order to light up the new pri.on in the Hall
olJtrfc ¦ l^lT^r, H H T disappointments greeted them at every hand. Polished gas fixtures and small
electric bulbs protruded from the walls and hung from the celling, but they were found to be as useless
as an armless man. There was no gas and there was no electricity
~\ „ , AS he sh '? d0W£ \ feI1 i the Prison-keepers put their heads together to think out a remedy for the difficulty
Coal oil lamps could not be had and candles were the only things available for Illuminating purposes. Accordingly a
box of "tallows was produced and utilized. "-^"
The feeble glare of candles alone gave light in the big prison. Every officer and every trusty had one Each
time a prisoner was led to a cell tnere was a miniature torchlight procession, four trusties being in the lead with
U)e uncertain lights and many following behind. Candle grease spotted everything, even the great register on which
Knight inscribed the names of the cuy's guests. e 6 l "™ "^n
? v Last night the same experience was nearly repeated. It was thought that an insufficiency of gas had caused
the trouble. It was found, however, that many of the pipes have not been connected. A few of the side fixtures corn^
municated with the main and an extra pressure of gas was sent through the meter. Here another obstacle was en
countered as the jets had been provided with no tips. The use of candles was about to be resorteS o again when
Sergeant BIdwell dug up four tips from his vest pocket. These alone saved another night of gloom
The elevator, operated by William O'Connor, resembled a cage in a mine. The only thing that shut out the dark
ness was a miner's lantern suspended from the top.
POLICE, LIKE BIG FIREFLIES, CARRY
CANDLES THROUGH HAlLL OF JUSTICE
The measure was introduced at the be
hest of Mayor Phelan in his itching desire
for patronage. The scheme contemplates
the promotion of Dennis Gordon and Har
ry Zemansky. who are at present em
ployed in the ofllce. Auditor Wells says,
however, that he cannot go beyond the
plain provision of the charter, and he will
refuse to sign their demands if they are
made out at the increased figure.
The board will again run afoul of the
Auditor in the resolution adopted Monday
and also recommended by the Mavor
authorizing th? Civil Service Commission
to appoint throe extra clerks for three
months. The Auditor said yesterday that
the appropriation of $6000 for the commis
sion was being used to the full limit of
the one-twelfth cKarter provision and that
there were no funds with which to pay
any additional clerks. ' ¦ *
The Supervisors' Finance Committee re
ported yesterday in favor of Mayor Phe
lan'3 recommendation that the Election
Commissioners be authorized to appoint a
deputy registrar and a chief clerk, at a
salary of J150 per month each. Should the
resolution be adopted at the next meeting
of the board it will be- rendered null and
void by the Auditor, who stated yester
day that the board had no power to order
the creation of positions not provided for
by the charter. The salary of the clerks
employed in the Registrar's office is fixed
at $100 per month each. Although Super
visor McCarthy voted to pass to print the
measure allowing the appointment of the
two clerks, he. has looked up the law and
agrees with the Auditor that the board
has net the power to increase the salary
fixed by the charter.
Scheme to Appoint Deputy Reg
istrar and Chief Cterk.
Auditor Will Stand Against Mayor's
CREATION OF ILLEGAL
POSITIONS OPPOSED
GERALD I. O'BRIEN, the son of
the late J. J. O'Brien, died yes
terday morning at St. Mary's
Hospital of consumption. He
was 24 years old.
The deceased had been in failing health
for the past year and was removed from
his home to the hospital about seven
weeks ago, where he awaited the end with
calmness and fortitude. Before his sick
ness he was considered one of the hand
somest young men in town, and he was a
universal favorite on account of his great
personal magnetism and courtly manners.
When his father died, about four years
ago. he stepped into the very responsible
position of representative of him in the
then large dry goods house of J. J.
O'Brien & Co. For one so young in years
he displayed wonderful business sagacity
and all his friends predicted for him a
very bright future. He was forced to re
sign a business life on account of the
dread disease that took firm hold of him.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
from his late residence, 1417 Geary street,
to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn
high mass will be celebrated for the re
pose of his soul. The deceased was a
graduate of St. Ignatius College, and six
of his former classmates have been se
lected as pallbearers. The interment will
take place at Calvary Cemetery, where
he will be laid to rest by the side of his
deceased father. ••
AFTER A LINGERING ILLNESS OF SEVERAL MONTHS GERALD I.
O'BRIEN DIED OF CONSUMPTION AT ST. MARY'S HOSPITAL YES
TERDAY MORNING.
The Waterhouse Recital.
A pleasant evening was spent at the
rooms of the Century Club last evening,
when A. J. Waterhouse, "poet, journalist
and reciter." gave a selection from his
own prose and poetry before the ladies of
the Press Club. Mrs. S. A. Reamer pre
sided and Introduced the lecturer, who
gave as his first number a poem entitled
"The Women! Heaven Bless Them."
Other numbers selected were ''The. Secret
of Youth," "City and Country Ways,"
"Jim Was No Good," "A Song for thu
Eabies," "The Xight She Whispered
•Why.' " "To My Old Cob Pipe" and oth
ers. The quaint sketches were much en
joyed. A song by Mrs. Grace Marei Dick
man from Saint-Saens' "Delilah" and a
piano solo added much to the evening's
entertainment.
gree the art of dressing in Its highest de
velopment. These she now displays for
the edification of Orpheum audiences.
The artiste has also posed for her last
photograph before withdrawing to private
life. Bushnell was chosen to perpetuate
her charm of face through the mystical
workings of the camera. How well he
fulfilled the trust reposed in him may be
seen in the accompanying reproduction
of his handiwork.
LATEST PHOTOGRAPH OF
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE.
(Photo by Bushnell.)
Two other matters of interest came up.
Miss Mary Floyd Williams, a graduate of
the library school of the State University
of New York, was elected cataloguer.
Trustee Irving reported that he had an
offer to lease the Mechanics' Pavilion
property for twenty years at the rate of
J1500 per month, the lease including the
right to purchase at the end of ten years
at a price to be fixed now. This last part
of the proposition was not favored by sev
eral trustees, but the understanding was
that Mr. Irving should ascertain with the
other members of his committee what
could be done, as the leasing price was
considered satisfactory.
Trustee Plum offered a resolution em
powering the chairman to reorganize the
committees, and this was adopted after
Mr. Healy had made some additional re
marks to the effect that this was a way
devised to get him out. "But, gentlemen,"
he said, with some vehemence, "you will
not be able to shut me out in that way. I
will make the same objections to the
library list and take the same action from
the floor as I have as a committee mem
ber."
Plum wished to have Mr. Healy called to
ordrr for this, but no action was taJ-;en.
"Xo member of this board," said Mr.
Healy, rising, "has any right to impugn
my motives."
Messrs. Tausslg and Irving, the associ
ates of Mr. Healy on the library commit
tee, arose in turn and offered their resig
nations as committee members If they
were to serve with Mr. Healy. Trustee
Cosgrave also said the Issue had been
fairly raised whether the trustees would
stand by Mr. Healy or with the majority
of the library committee. Mr. Cosgrave
added fuel to the flame by saying that
Mr. Healy was not honest in making ob
jections and in offering obstruction.
Trustee Kendrlck was In the chair and
he proceeded to put the motion to vote
after It had been duly seconded. On a call
for the ayes and noes Trustees Healy,
Kendrick, Xeal, Plumb and Wallis de
clined to vote. There were five votes in
favor of the motion and five against— a
tie.
Trustee Healy sat still until Trustee
Cosgrave had done speaking, and then
asked permission to speak, which was
granted. He then warned the members of
the board against giving Ijim any unpleas
ant notoriety. It would be better, he said,
to dismiss him at oncel He also said that
he pointed to Ms record as chairman of
the library committee for two years be
fore the advent of the present librarian
with satisfaction. Then there had not
been any contentions and everything had
passed off amicably. He hinted that if he
should be removed the act would prove a
boomerang.
The trustees of the Mechanics' Institute
hart a spicy session last evening. For
some time there has been friction In the
library committee, which consists of
Trustees Irving, Healy and Mead. When
the new business was reached Trustee
Cosgrave arose and moved that the board
should remove Mr. Healy from the library
committee and put some one in his place.
Mr. Cosgrave alleged that Mr. Healy was
an obstructionist and prevented the trans
action of business by captious objections
and by long discussions.
Committee Member Against Whom
Action Was Taken Utters "Defi"
When Associates Vote to
Reorganize.
Lively Meeting of Board in
Control of Mechanics'
Institute.
TRUSTEES TRIED
TO OUST HEJLY
FROM POSITION
VET another admirable production '
at. the Tivo'l Onera-house Is that
of "The Hicuonots,'- which was
JL pivon last -.night 'to a largro house.
...'.'." Especial praise must be given to
the J-s'tapinp. mere i>ariioularly in the
third act.- whore a really charming Ulu
¦slon/Ss produced by the illumination of the
distant ¦ castle of; Versailles; also the
biirce. which, sails 'down the Seine
.intn.'ihAs.wn^Tiriis satisfactorily magnifi
cent, :ind acoompJisheil its. journey with
i)titth> usual suggestion of the "rocky
roatl t<V Dublin."
-. That th<» principals of the !arfirp : oast are
-satisfactory pw? without saying, and. In
drtnl.. •¦The. Hufru^nots" is perhaps all
around the host thing yet done during: the
Ber.s*m.- . .
' R^pptto Is a *l.Tinty majesty in the part
of Marparet of Valois and sings and acts
tho iwrt : with sumptuous suggestion. Miss
Stewart. <>f course', sinps A'alenline. c She
.does a' bit of pood acting in the tragedy
¦ of; ilie fourth »ct ami is splendidly equal
.to al! the vocal demands of the part. Miss
Graham is p.n effective pape— one recalls
JJernice Holmes here. She is an eloquent
¦bit <>f =taffe furniture when silent and is
p'eaFinjr enough v.hen she sinp.=.
..Barren Berthaid i« a diprnifird and suf
ficient Raou] de N'anpis. His duet with
¦ Jtiss Stewprl in the last act was beauti
¦jttsOsr. -sunjr zn-l showed his fine voice to
>Xcellor.t advantage. The Comte . de
XrvoTs was amiably taken b>" Ferrari,
iir><i •Schuster has an unusually pood on
.porr^nity. of which he well avails hlm
vwJlf; '.In the Comte de St. Bris. Xlcolinl
Fipjrr the part of Marcel well enough.
.••.It was a little amusing. to hear Miss
Stewart announce "Je t'aime"— and
.Errihald passionately r*»ply "Da liebes"
-while Nicolinl cried "Infelice" and Schus
ter «"-plained matters in good English:
..But It is a fine performance, nevertheless.
and the ¦-"Bl»s?fng- of the Sword?"— the
¦•tJert thine: in the opera— was sunp afimir
ahiy. To-r.ieht "Carmen" will be given
with Russo and Salassa in the cast for
the. first time.
• • •
¦ .-.It was Nice Barbareschi s= night at the
California last evening, and all the
xoiefity applause fell to. her lot in the Az
zali. production of "Traviata,"
. \ As Violetta. Barbareschi strengthened
favorable impression she created on
the. opening: night in "Aida." Her sweet
¦.cl«- : ar. true soprano voiced the woes and
tieaftbreaks of Traviata. and in th^ latt
•act she developed splendid acting qual
.'itiirs:'.,- ' ¦ '.
After Vipletta. the honors of the even
ln^ went to Signer Alejandro. He sang
the interfering parent Gomunt in splendid
.-style and received numerous curtain calls
and >nccres. • ¦
•"Traviata" is not mounted so weir as
it ought to be and the chorus, like the
scenery, leaves much to be desired. Still
the production ae a whole is a most cred
itable one and altogether enjoyable.
¦v ."Carmen" is the bill for this evening.
AVhen Camille d"Arville affixed her sig
nature to the contract under which she is
«il;pcanng at the Orpheum she thought
it, wonld be her last professional engage
pipnt before her marriage. The ardent
¦wiiolng of the gentleman whose name she
;So.ji' bears In private life, however, proved
¦lA<y much to withstand, hence the mar
riage preceded instead of followed her
etage -engagement. The preparations
.irtade' by her in anticipation of her fare
w.r-11 appearance were of an elaborate
•ehai act«r. Go^to were Imported from
Paris which illustrate In a marked de-
Two Carmens Will Coquette To-Night— Ca~
mille d'Arvills Wiil Sing Again
;; at the Orpheum.
"HUGUENOTS" WELL SUNG
AND ADMIRABLY STAGED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1900.
Yields to the Ravages of Consumption at
St. Mary's Hospital After Two
Months of Illness.
GERALD I. O'BRIEN IS
CALLED TO HIS DEATH
12
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.;
Open Evening*. ¦ Xear Powell.
BIO REDUCTIONS IN
Furniture and Carpets.
CALL AND INSPECT OUR PRICES;
CASH OR CREDIT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The be?t evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found in the continued,
patronage .of those- whoon some previous
occasion have, made them their ¦ head-
quarters when 'visiting San Francisco. .
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under 'one - management on the
American and European plan.. ¦ ;¦
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
Lamps
Hand l.atiip 23 cts
Hand i.atnp, footed. ...30 cts
Stand Lamp... 35 cSs
Stand Lamp, larjce 50 cts
Lamp Bnrner-A sire 5 cttt
Ump 5< timer— B itize...xo cts
Lamp TVlcks-A sixe.doz 15 cts
Lamp tVlcks— n alze doz 8O cts
Lamp WJcfaB-c »i«e doz 30 cts
Lamp Wicks, round 19 cts
S 4.75 Lamp cat to., * 3.T5
4.00 I. » tup cnt to 3.07
6.23 Lamp cut to .. . . 4.68
UOLampcutlo 5.02
1O.0O Lamp cut to 8.17
12.50 Lamp cut to 0.37
23 6O Lamp cnt to ...... 16.87
Big Sale.
We are Cutting Prices
all to Pieces During Our
Big Clearance Sale.
DR.MCNULTY:
T'HIS WEIX-KNOWX AND RELIABLE OLD
Special 1st curesR\oc*l Poison, Uonorrhcea.Qleet,
stricture. Meininal Weakness. Impotence aii«l their
allied Disorders, ftook on Di.ieaae* of Men, free
? v^ 20 T e:irs ' p sP«' ri encf. Terms reasonable. Hour*,
9to3da!iy;6:.?0toS.«)ev # Ks. Sundays. 10 n> IS Consul-
tation freeandsocredly confidential. Call oraddres3
P. ICOMCOK MfXULTY, 31. D. :
2GJi Kcarny St., San Francisco, Csi.
IA/. X. HESS.
ROTARY PO3LIJ3 A5O ATTORHEr-AT-HT.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013; Claua Spreckels Bids
Telephone Brown SSI. "*
Residence, 821 California st., below Powell,
San Francisco. ' ¦ - • ¦ . •
SOL£> "BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
Oppression, Suffocation, Kenralgia, etc.; cared by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Pwii, J. E8PIC; Kaw T«k, E. FOCGEBA * CJ.
Great American Imuortinir Tea Co.
210 Grant ave., bet. Sutter and Post sts.
861 Market St., opr>. Powell.
* 62 Market st^. Junction California.
ouh ac up .\ SToaua mr&iULXBFnRz.
Ladies' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 626 Sutter. •
Windsor Hotel, centrally located, 905, Market,
cor. Fifth; $1 50 day up; rms. 60c up. European.*
ADVERTI3EMENTS.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
iaa* V ¦¦¦_ •
NOTE— We haYe also received large shipments of
Irish and German Huckabacks, Linen Shams, Sheets,
Pillow Cases and Plain and Fancu Embroidered Scarfs
and Snuares.
58-lnch Hand Loom Washed -Table Linen =>Oc
* ••¦...' Y«rc»
68-inch BieaGhed Table Damask, 5 designs T5c
¦ .... Yard
69-lnch*Satln Damask Table Linen, 9 de- $roo
SignS Yard
23-inch Irish Damask Table Napkins..^ $1.50
. . . ... . Dozen
24-inch Satin Finish Table Napkins, 12 $2.56
designs :.-..-..... ...... .v.. c>o*e«
26-lnch Double Damask German Napkins $3,50
......... .... Dozen
19x38 Irish Huck Towels, Fringed 'and $2,OO
Hemmed... ...;.. Dozen
22x40 Hemmed and Hemstitched ¦\lpisli $3,50
HUCk TOWelS...... Dozen
20x40 Hand Loom Damask Towels, Col- $300
ored Borders , ¦'* . ; .... .... . . . . . . . ;• . . D OZ «> n
18-lnch Hand Made Irish Crash, Plain and l^i,c
Twilled..........:..,..:.,..;...;...... Y .rd
24-lnch Checked Glass Linen, Assorted -15c
Checks ? .... ./.........; V«rd
18-lnch Fancu Linen Toweling, Plain and 15c
TWllled..,. .....^nrci
We will offer the following
exceptional values In our Linen De-
partment this week, v
ADVERTISEMENTS.
American porcelain and glassware are
finding a ready market In Brazil.
VIN MARIANI
MARIAN! WINE-WORLD FAMOUS TONIC
Written endorsements •. from more than SOW
physicians. 'Never has any thins received such
high recognition from the medical: profession;
therefore Vln MarlanI can ¦ b« taken wltli per-
fect safety..' " ¦'.:' ' •'• '. : • : ¦/{: .•:¦.¦>-
Sold by all Druggists. . Refuse Substitutes.
r^iisiVifiiawrt
I * Wi fecfoSffviki Jcotiojeaf 3/?oc5% iili i