PRICE FIVE CENTS,
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 17.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, ; 1900.
Lord Kitchener Reports That Five Officers and 316 Men
Taken on the Magaliesberg River Have Been Released^
One Hundred and Twenty Members of Brabant's Horse
Are Made Prisoners During a Battle Near That Town.
BGERS CAPTURE MORE
BRITISH TROOPS AT ZASTRON
NOOIT GEDACHT. THE SCENE OF GENERAL CLEMENTS' DEFEAT BY A FORCE OF BOERS LED BY GENERAL
, DELAREY. THIS DISASTER TO THE BRITISH RESULTED IN NEARLY 600 OF THEIR TROOPS BEING CAP
TURED BY THE ATTACKING REPUBLICAN'S. #l(& :Sf'ff v€r*P-
succeeded In carrying his fiery bundla
to the outer air. 8E9SJ
Both children were badly burned. Rob-
Risks His Life in a Blazing Dwelling and Is Dangerously Burned
While Rescuing Its Sleeping Inmates.
ert's head, hands and legs were scorched,
but he will recover. Not so much can b«
said for the baby, whose burns may provs
fatal. Jjggj
Robert had saved the three chWdren be
fore the neighbors discovered the flro.
When there was no need of asslstanc*
plenty of it came. Mr. and Mrs. Moss ar
rived before their home was entirely
gone. They account for the flr© as hav
ing been due to the explosion of the lamp
left burning In the children's room, or
possibly It may have been upset by a cat
jumping hi through the window.
At the theater last night a $S0 collection
¦was taken up for Mr. Moss and the money,
was later handed to him.
- "Give It all to the bov that saved my
children," he said.
Another paper was passed about town
late at night and (50 additional was raised
for, the boy. ,
.-'¦ Shortly >. before ¦ 10 o'clock \ Robert wai
aroused ' by smoke; pouring- ln'j from '-the
younger children's room,. .He saw. at once
Mr. rand Mrs. "W. 8. Moss had rone out
for "the "evening* to attend \ a theatrical
performance. - Before going they_ had seen
thatithe four children'; were asleep In Ml
In the room occupied. by i the three Moss
children" there was left on a table a lam?,
with the wick turned low. Robert Rlley,
who Is a brother of Mrs. Moss, slept in an
ad joining, room.', !
KESWICK, Dec 16.— Robert Rlley, a
12-year-old Keswick boy, saved three
lives last night at the • risk of his own.
Alone and unaided ' the plucky little- fel
low J rescued from a burning bulldln?
Bertha, Henry and Jesse Moss, aged 8, 5
and 2 years; respectively. While perform
ing this act of heroism he was danger
ously, burned, but his recovery Us believed
to be certain. '¦ The brave lad Is the hero
of the hour In Keswick and \ he well de
serves the praise that is . being showered
upon him.
During : this time * Jesse ; Moss, the 3
year-old baby boy. lay In his ' bed obliv
ious of his danger.' Between the babe and
the door there was now a wall of flre. but
nothing daunted Rlley threw some old
clothing. over hi» head and made thi
third rush^ Into. the bedroom. The cloth
lnsr about ' little ; Jesse • was ] afire. Robert
rolled ' the , beddin s : about - the ' baby and
that the house was on fire and his first
thought was for the safety of the little
ones. All were yet sound asleep, though
the wall and the floor near which the
lamp had stood were ablaze. Young RIley
picked up Henry, the first child he came
to. and carried him out of doors. Henry
ran for. the hills as thou»-h nursued by
ghosts. The little rescuer made a second
dash into the flaming rcom and brought
out Bertha, aged * 8. She caused much
trouble, even after she ' was safe in - the
open air. She insisted on going back to
save some things In the house and Rob
ert ' lost valuable "time making her agree
to stay where she was. >
Special Dispatch to The CalL
.BOISE, ; Idaho, Dec 16.— James •
Sheehan shot and seriously wound- •
• • ed his .own daughter; at; a mining -
claim In the'Porcupine district. His
•1 sluice boxes,'; had | ; been robbed of .•
• gold dust several times. Her kept *•
watch and shot the'thlef. It proved >
¦ to.be his daughter, dressed in man's •
•; clothes. She made a statement that'*'
'-she had stolen the gold ? dust to se-?'
¦;ciire funds with which to elope with-."
- a young ; man ; to whom *. was '•
•strongly attached. a A' : week before
; Sheehan . had ' driven him }. from '.the J
• place at the point of a gun," threat- .
-'" ening.'him— with death'if *;he \ re
•' turned^ j-'-':, '¦.' - *« ¦-."_¦>
SHOOTS DAUGHTER,
WHO STOLE GOLD
FROM HIS MINE
Attired as a Man a Girl
Steals to Get ElopQ-.
ment Money;
Strike Is Imminent.
BOISE, Idaho, Dec. 16.— Employes of the
Boston and Seven Devils Mining Com
pany, owners of the Peacock and other
mines, have quit work because the com
pany will not supply them with rubber
boots and slickers. While not yet assum
ing the proportions of a strike It Is feared
the dissatisfaction will spread and there
will be a general strike. In the Seven
Devils numbers of • men who were mixed
up in the Coeur d'Alene troubles are said
to be working.
occupied by the construction department
at the Norfolk Navy Yard was destroyed
by fire to-night. It contained all the Im
portant papers, models and plans of the
construction department. Over 7000 draw
ings and $100,000 worth of live oak timber
were destroyed. Total loss over $200,000.
Origin of the fire unknown.
Important Papers, Plans and Models
of Construction Department
Are Burned.
NORFOLK, Va., Dec. 16.— The building
NAVY-YARD BUILDING
DESTROYED BY FIRE
The San j Shi Bank .of £ Yokohama has
failed* owing 100,000 yen. In consequence of
the defalcation- -*#r-the> cashier ,- of --the
Tokio branch. He. lost 100,000 yen specu
lating and then absconded. j'i-,'v"'~^
Governor Nieh of Klang Suhas sent a
present of silks, satins and. embroideries
worth 60,000 taels to the , Empress * Dow
ager at Nsiam for her birthday.- ,
TACOMA, Dec. 16.— Two thousand shops
and houses were burned at Canton on No
vember 16. About forty natives perished.'
tion That Sweeps Over, a Por
tion of Canton.
Forty Natives Perish in a Conflagra-
TWO THOUSAND SHOPS
AND HOUSE** DESTROYED
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 16.— The Offi
cial Messenger publishes "an 'inspired
statement as to the views of the Russian
Government concerning the Yangtsun-
Han Kwang Railroad, repudiating . tho
charges that the Russians have acted il
legally In holding the- line, . contending
that Russia's action was necessitated by
military considerations, declining to
recognize the British as owners of tho
line, but [ admitting that .they have tho
preponderating financial interest, and,
finally, promising to restore it to the for
mer administration after the foreign
troops have evacuated the province of
Chill.
eign Troops Evacuate.
Will Relinquish Control When For-
In his complaint Smith asserts that the
alleged election for the bonds was Illegal
and that there was not. a legal vote cast
In favor of the measure.
9
WHY EtTSSIA HOLDS ROAD.
The water bends were voted by more
than a two-thirds vote of the people on
August 23, 1S99. Arbitrators had fixed the
price of the propef-ty sought to be ac
quired at $1,1X5,591 42. Adding to. this the
cost of the Improvements necessary to ob
tain an adequate supply of water, the
total cost was fixed at . ?2,090,000.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 16.— The validity
of the $2,000,000 worth of bonds issued by
.the city to acquire municipal ownership
of the city water supply Is attacked In a
suit filed yesterday In the Superior Court
by Spencer H. Smith. The suit Is brought
on behalf of citizens who desire to obtain
the return of the taxes they have paid
Into the treasury for the payment of the
principal and interest of the bonds. The
issue of school bonds voted for about the
time the water bonds were carried has
been declared Illegal by 'the Supreme
Court. It remains now to be determined
whether the issue of the water bonds will
stand the test of law.
Angeles.
Spencer EL Smith Files Suit on Be
half of Citizens of Los
ATTACKS THE LEGALITY
OF WATER BOND ISSUE
Miss Hoffman a Favorite in San
> Francisco Society.
Miss Hoffman first announced her inten
tion of giving up society to become a
trained nurse in July, 1S9S. For three
years. prior to that time she had been ac
tively engaged In charitable work. In so
ciety charity was looked upon as her fad.
She was a constant visitor at the Chil
dren's Hospital, and during that, time It i
was that Ehe farmed the purpose to fit
herself as a trained nurse.
Miss Hoffman Inherited $50,000 from the
estate of Charles Mayne. a life-long friend
of Judge Ogden Hoffman, her uncle. A
j like legacy was left to Miss Alice Hoff
man, who is one of the best of the lady
golf players of the coast, but litigation
kept her out of her Inheritance. Her sis
ter May, with weaith.of her own at her
command, was most liberal In aid of her
; beloved charities. Tall, athletic and
handsome, a perfect Gibson type. Miss
Hoffman ignored the protests of family
and friends, and in October, 1S98, she left
for New York to enter the Bellevue Hos
pital for a three years' course In training
as a nurse.
A» far as her San Francisco friends
knew. Miss Hoffman's enthusiasm for her
chosen work had not waned. During her
visits home since her first departure for
New York there was no hint of any cool
ing ambition or decreasing interest. -The
last of these visits was but two months'
ago. . -. . ..- .... w .. . , ..;
Southard Hoffman, father of Miss Hoff-j
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Johnson, It was announced, having
decided to remain abroad longer
for the purpose of taking the waters at
the German Spa. She and her mother
NEW YORK, Dec. 18.— Much^specn- j
*«.tion la t&lnr indulged izTby the |
friends of Rev. James Le Baron ;
Johnson as to the whereabouts j
of the Jonaer assistant rector of j
Grace Church and former chaplain of the j
fLre department, -wtio was last seen about !
cr.e week ago et Watkins, N. y., where
he has been a patient of a sanitarium,
having gone there several months ago be- i
ca-vis© of a most serious attack of nervous !
prostration. Mists Mary Hoffman, daugh-*]
ter of Southard Hoffman of San Fran
cisco, has also departed from New York.
enfl the strange coincidence of the disap- j
j pearar.ee cf toth Is commented upon.
Mr. Johnson left the sanitarium ten days
Ef?o and came to New York for some pur- i
pose, and alter remaining here for one I
day returned to Watkins. He stopped at
the sanitarium for two days and then
•went away, taking til his baggage with
him. He left no address, and his relatives
in this city and elsewhere are wondering |
¦what has become of him.
Johnson's shattered health Is said to be ;
largely the result of his duties as one of •
the chaplains of the fire department, j
¦uhich fc« assumed on March 28. 1SC3. hav- j
Irs- b^en appointed to that position by |
Fire Commissioner Rcar.neL Several years j
ffro he Bred In Tacoma. Wash., before he j
t<">ok holy orders. «.n^.* ¦was a member of
the lecal fire department of that city. For
two years he slept in the engine house of
the volunteer company to which he be
longed, so that he might be promptlj~-on
hand whenever a fire alarm came in dur- S
Ir.g the night. After leaving Tacoma he \
•went to San Francisco and remained there
for some time. He took -with him to that
city several letters »of introduction to j
' prominent persons, among them the fam- ;
I!y t of Southard Hoffman, who is one of |
the wealthiest residents of San Francisco :
and who 3s related to the Hoffman and '
McCullagh Miller families of New York.
One of Mr. Hottnan's daughters. Miss
Mary Hoffman, afterward came to New
York and entered Bellevue Training
School for Nurses, vrhere she remained
¦until last Wednesday afternoon. She left
very suddenly, saying that ehe was going
j came home about the middle of the sum
j mer. She did not join her husband, how
1 ever, but went to live with her mother.
Soon after Mr. Johnson, whose nervous
ailment had become worse, went to Glen
i Springs at Watkins, by advice of his
j physician. Since that time It Is said that
j Mr. Johnson and his wife have not lived
together.
Almost simultaneously rrlth the dlsap
j pearance of Mr. Johnson f rem the sanl-
I tarium at Watkins comes the discovery
, that Miss Mary Hoffman of San Fran
i cisco, -who for nearly two years has at
j tended the Bellevue Training School for
Nurses, left that Institution very sudden
ly on Wednesday afternoon. It is said that
she went to San Francisco. Mr. Johnson
;paid frequent \isits to Miss Hoffman's
I ward for the purpose of visiting firemen
j patients, and thus was frequently brought
i In contact with Miss Hoffman, and re
! newed a friendship which originated in
i San Francisco. Miss Hoffman, who is
I wealthy In her own right, entered - the
j training school for nurses simply for the
: purpose of gaining experience. She made
i excellent progress, and was at the head
¦ of her class, ¦which Is to graduate early
In January-
Miss Brennan, who Is !n charge of the
school, said last night that she Knew of
no reason for Miss Hoffman's sudden de
i parture, except that the young woman
i told her last Wednesday that she had re
| ceived a dispatch containing bad news
, from her family in San Francisco and
j that she was obliged to leave forthwith
j for that city.
I Miss Brennan said that Miss Hoffman
j did not tell her whether she intended re
j turning to the school for the purpose of
I finishing her two-year course, which is
, within a few weeks only of completion.
; Miss Brennan added that the young wo
i man cannot receive a diploma. until she
has completed the course.
CHAEITY WORK HEB FAD.
to Ban Francisco.
Although under holy orders, the minis
ter had a fondness for running to fires.
In a stable near him he kept a horse and
buggy. 6 while In his bedroom he had a ftre-
Fosg. TTfcich was connected with the city
f:re alarm telegraph and which recorded
every alarm that was eent to the Ore de
partment. In the nearest eng*.ne-house a
f.reman was constantly on duty to hitch
cp the borse and bug"£y at each alarm and
hurry to Mr. Johnson's residence, or
•wherever he might be, for the purpose of
taking him to the scene of the fire.
Mr. Johnson met the family of Miss
Mtbel Van Reasselaer after coming to
New Tcrk, and In due time became en
gug-ed to the young woman. The wedding
took place at Grace Church on April 26,
2S3, and was one of the most brilliant af
fairs that has taken place there. Mrs.
Johruson soon after her marriage ex
pressed her disapproval of her husband's
fad for running to fires, end told him so
very plainly, it Is said, especially in view
cf the fact that going to fires at all hours
cf the day and night was seriously affect
ing his nervous system. He refused to
Elve cj> bis fondness for the excitement of
attending fires, however, and It is said se
rious differences arose between the couple
•^canse of this fact. He frequently vis
-tcd elck firemen In the Sturgis ward at
Bellevue Hospital.
Mr. and Mrs. Johnson went to Europe
last rprlnjr, accompanied by Mrs. Van
Rensselaer. Mr. Johnson returned
aloae a. few months later, Mrs.
1HSS MART HOFFMAN. DAUGHTER OF SOUTHARD HOFFMAN OF
EA.V FRAXCISCO, WHOSE DISAPPEARANCE FROM NEW TQRK IS
COtTPT.r.r) WITH THAT OF REV, JAMES LE BARON JOHNSON.
General Delarey's 1000 men, against
whom General Clement had fought re
peated .actions, were suddenly, unknown
to General Clements, reinforced by 3000
from Warm Baths, under Commandant
Boyers." At daybreak ., Colonel Leggis*
pickets descried what seemed to be a
fresh force of British troops thirty, yards
distant; . The' strangers were challenged.
They replied with a vollev revealing four
hundred Boers in khaki. ' The firing be
came "heavy and the noise aroused Colonel
Leggis' troops, Iwho. arrived" just in time
to save the outposts . from capture. :A
furious •¦' engagement ensued.- Artillery
was brought up and. It compelled the
The scene of the engagement was a
horseshoe shaped depression. The North
umberlands occupied the center. General
Clements' camp was pitched 300 yards
lower down at the eastern point of the
horseshoe and Colonel Leggis' camp was
about 300 yards distant.
The Magaliesburg affair is described as
follows' in a dispatch to the Standard
from Reitfontein: •. - . . , . .
Wiring from Pretoria to-day Lord
Kitchener, after announcing that the re
leased - Magaliesberg prisoners - had ar
rived at Rustenburg, says that the Boer
force divided into* two portions, one mov
'ing south and the other west.
"The Boers who attacked Vryheid De
cember 10 lost 100 killed and wounded be
fore they retired. The fighting lasted all
day, the enemy drawing off at 7:30 p. m.
The British loss was six killed, and nine
teen wounded and thirty missing. Our
casualties incjude two officers who, died
of their wounds."
"Colonel Bomneld, moving on Vryheid.
defeated the Boers with heavy loss, driv
ing them from Scheepers Nek and captur
ing a quantity of arms. The Scheepers
Nek movement occurred December 13.
"The Boers surrounded and captured 120
of Brabant's Horse in a defile' in Zastron
district. '<
The following dispatch has been re
ceived by the War Department from Lord
Kitchener:
"PRETORIA, Dec. 13.— Five officers and
316 men,. .Magallesberg prisoners, have
been released. ¦
LONDON. Dec. 16.— A special from
Allwal Xorth says: A party of Brabant's
Horse, consisting mainly of raw recruits,
engaged a superior force of Boers Decem
ber 13 near Zastron. Orange River colony,
losing four. killed, sixteen wounded and
120 taken prisoners.
The Colonial Office announces tta decis
ion to enlist 5000 men Instead of tho 1000
previously asked to be recruited In Great
Britain for General Baden-Powell'a con
stabulary, which shows that recruiting
In South Africa Is less active than had
been anticipated. Dispatches from Lou
renzo Marauez assert that an the Boer
forces are plentifully supplied with am
munition but terribly In want of food and
clothing.
Lord Kitchener Is reported to have sent
a fresh and urgent request to the Govern
ment to send out every available inountad
man. "With General r>e-w«t asaln es
caped through the British cordon la the
neighborhood of Thabo. N*Chu, the aeriou*
affairs of Vreyheid and Zastron and, th*
Mag-aliesburg- disaster confronting the
British people, they will betfn to asle
why Lord Roberts is allowed to come
home.
Lord Roberts' description of the war as
"over." Yesterday the War Office, for
the first time in many months, remained
open throughout a Sunday In response to
the demand of public anxiety to learn the
latest news.
SATISFACTION 07 KRUOrER.
Declares South African TTerws an Ex
cellent Augury for the Boers*
THE HAGUE, Dec 18.— The dinner
given by Queen Wilhelmina at th» palace
last evening was private. Mr. Kroger sat
next to her Majesty, opposite the
Queen's mother and Dr. Leyds. Other
wise only the ladles and gentleman la
waiting were present. Afterward Mr.
Kruger and Dr. Leyds conversed for half
an hour with the Queen In the drawlnp*
room, mainly on the agricultural and
ethnological conditions of South Africa.
When Mr. Kruger was apprised of tho
contents of General Kitchener** latest
dispatch, chronicling such a great disas
ter to the British, he expressed great sat
isfaction, 'and said that he thought that
the fact that the news coincided with tfca
anniversary of the battle of Colenso was
an excellent augury, for the Boers.
KETJGEK IS UNDECIDED.
Cannot Say. Whether or Not He Will
-,:'.' : Visit America. .
J THE HAGUE, Dec. 15.-In reply to a
dispatch from Grand Rapids. Mich., In
viting him to the United States. Mr. Kru-
ger has wired that he has not arrived at
any "decision with regard to visiting Am
erica. . V"
TWELVE- YEAR-OLD BOY SAVES THREE
CHILDREN FROM DEATH IN FLAMES
KLfCHENER ASKS FOR TROOPS.
Desires Government to Send ' Out
Every Available Mounted Mas.
' LONDON.. Dec. 17.— Lord Salisbury and
his ! colleagues ' must to-day feel greatly
relieved that Parliament was prorogued
Saturday. A grim 1 Irony now attaches to
lasted. According to Boer accounts,
many, even when resistance -was hope
less, died fighting.
General Clements, now left with seven
hundred men, made superhuman efforts
against the bullets from the Boers pour-
Ing over the peaks and managed to save
his guns and camp equipment He re
tired in splendid order and at 4 p. m.
started to march to Reitfontein, f}ghtlng
a rear guard action all the way and arriv
ing the next day at 4 a. m. >
Lord Methuen. according to another dis
patch from Lord Kitchener, dated yester
day, attacked and captured a Boer laager
near LIchtenberg, December, 14. securing
large supplies of cattle and . sheep and a
considerable quantity of ammunition.
"A further dispatch from Lord Kitchen
er, dated Pretoria, December 16, says that
Lord Methuen, has officially confirmed the
report of the death of General Lemner,
the Boer commander. '',%":
Boers to retire. Colonel Leggis followed
up the withdrawal, but was shot dead
by a bullet through his head.
General Clements and his staff soon ar
rived. The staff suffered severely, but
General Clements appeared to have a
charmed life. While mounted men were
driving the enemy back along a slope
covered thickly with dead Boers, a deaf
ening rifle fire suddenly broke out on the
plateau above. The signalers hellographed
that the Northumberland^ were being at
tacked." General Clements, convinced
that they would easily hold their own.*
disposed the remainder of his forces on
the flanks and rear of his two camps.
At 4:30 a. m. a heliograph from the
western peak announced that the Boers
were about to overwhelm the f usileers.
General Clements was unable to send ade
quate help but dispatched yeomanry to
climb the hillside and create a diversion.
Before the yeomanry could come Into ac
tion the Boers had overlapped the Xorth
umberlands and were in possession of the
entire horseshoe, flying down on the yeo
manry, entangled by the bushes and
boulders.
The Northumberlands made a magnifi
cent defense as long as their ammunition
Tacoma from his Staten Island home a
fresh-faced, red-cheeked youth. He en
tered the Metropolitan Savings Bank, con
j trolled by George Vandcrbllt of New
/York, of which he later became assistant
cashier. He soon became popular social- |
; ly and developed a fad or sp»»cial liking '
for the Tacoma Fire Department. He
lived part of the time with the firemen
and took special delight in FlMing down
the pole on short notice and coing to a
j fire. He became interested in Kplscopal
j church work about the same time and was
made a lay reader. His social proclivities
took him to numerous dances, which fact
led to some slight criticism of his con
duct by Rev. Dean Richmond Babbitt,
the rector of Trinity Episcopal Church.
| This lost him none of his popularity with
I all classes and ¦was more than offset by
1 Johnson's success in raising money, with
' which to build St. Andrew's Episcopal
! Church chapel in the West End. For two
| years he was in charge of the services
I there as lay reader. About 1S95 Mr. John
son decided to go to New York and study
for the ministry under Rev. Dr. Hunting
ton, rector of Grace Church. His time in
New York was spent diligently, and two
years ago he was ordained to the minis
try by Bishop Potter, assisted by . his
father. Archdeacon Johnson of Staten Isl
and. In. New York Johnson continued his
Fire Department services and was grant
ed special privileges by the metropolitan 1
department. Something less than two
years ago Mr. Johnson married In New
York Miss Van Renaaeler, daughter of a
very wealthy Jfew.?YorK woman and de
fendant of the old/Hudaon River family
of that name. , He has.yisited Tacoma but
once since his departure in —^a. A few
weeks ago word was received here that
he was soon to be transferred to the rec
torship of a small Episcopal church
somewhere In California. Some thought
this must be on account of his wife's
health, as he was supposed to otherwise
prefer work in New York or some other
large city.
Made Many" Friends During His
Sojourn in Tacoma.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 16.— Twelve years
ago James Le Baron Johnson arrived in
JOHNSON A GREAT FAVORITE.
man, who Is clerk of the United States
Circuit Court, denies any knowledge of
his daughter's departure from New York.
He insists that the report from New York
must be an error. ,
"We heard from her a few days ago," I
Mr. Hoffman said last evening, "and there
was no hint even given of any intention
on her part to leave for San Francisco un
til after the middle of February, when
ehe will complete her course In the hos
pital. We certainly would have heard
from her had she changed her plans."
The Minister Is Assistant Rector of Grace Church and the
Young Lady Is the Daughter of Southard Hoffman.
men Jessie Morrison, said: "It's all bluff
work on the part of some of my enemies,
and I have no fear of any violence. If
they should 'come after me they will find
some one to take my part. I guess. I
will not leave this town until I get ready.
The jury did not do as I wanted them,
but they proved I was not- grullty."
Little else was discussed at the meeting
but the alleged outrageous manner In
¦which the jury had not convicted Miss
Morrison, and some of the ¦women bold
ly stated that if Jessie * Morrison was
turned loose upon the streets of the town
they would leave the town for fear of
their lives.
Last night some one stoned the office
of the Eldorado Times because it printed
an editorial under the heading of "Hide
Your Razors," and roundly roasted Miss
Morrison and the jury.' w
Two factions have sprung up in Eldo
rado among the women and many friends
have parted company over the case. Both
parties have vowed they would have re
venge.^ On account of the cost the county
officers have hinted they will not retry
Miss Morrisofi, and this has served -. to
fan the trouble between the factions. <
The members of the Jury, were -' also
roundly scored by other women rre|cnt-.
When told of .the proposition of the' wo-
WICHITA, Kas., Dec. 16.— Twenty in
furiated women h^eld an Indignation meet
ing at Eldorado this morning and pro
posed to lynch Jessie Morrison, the slayer
of- Mrs. OHn Castle. The meeting was
held at the residence of Mrs. Stevenson,
•and conspicuous among those present was
the mother of the murdered woman, Mrs.
Roland/ Wiley. Soon after the meeting
was called to order some one In the crowd
proposed that every one present go after
Miss Morrison, take her out to the near
est tree and strlnir her up. The absence
of one who had sufficient courage to take
the lead in the matter was the only rea
son the proposition was not carried Into
Immediate effect. As it is, indignation is
strong in Eldorado, and the women may
yet carry out their threat at any mo
ment. The mother of the slain woman
took no part in the proceedings, but
showed evident satisfaction that a body
of •women ¦were about to avenge the death
of her daughter, which the law of the
State had failed to do. Mrs. Johnson,
who took a prominent part in the
meeting, dilated at some length on
the outrage that had been done woman
hood by the jury which, failed to return
a verdict of guilty against the accused
Sir 1 - - - : : ¦ ', ' ' '-': :,/.- V . ?
# Special Dispatch to The Call.
Indignation Meeting Held but No
Action Is Taken Because a
Leader Is Lacking. ,
Express Desire to String Up
the Morrison Girl to
Nearest Tree.
Frjendsoi Slain Mrs.
Castle Tlireaten
Violence,
WOMEN WHO
WOULD LYNCH
MISS JESSIE
Disappear From New York About the Same Time and
This Strange Coincidence Is a Cause of Comment.
MARY HOFFMAN AND REV.
LE BARON JOHNSON MISSING
The San Francisco Call.Stops the ¦ Cough
And - works off •¦ the > Cold. ¦ Laxative - Bromo-
Quinlne - Tablets cure ' a cold . In oaa day. ' . No
Cure. No Pay. Price 15 cent* . •
Tannery Burned.
SHEBOYGAN, ,Wis., Dec. 16.— The plant
of ' Zachlstsche ¦ & % Sons, tanners, was • to
tally destroyed by, fire this mornlna. - Xfc*
Amendment to the War Tax Bill Is
, Defeated by a Close
Margin.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.—Representa
tive Payne of New York rallied the House
Republicans yesterday In opposition to the
express • tax amendment ' put on the war
tax reduction bill in committee of . «the
whole , Friday, aimed at Senator T. C.
Platt's United States Express Company.
When the bill was reported to the House
Mr. Payne* demanded a separate vote on
this amendment, and it was defeated by
125 to 139. ' * : ,
All amendments and motions from the
Democratic side were voted down, and the
bill passed- the House Just as It wa3
shaped up by the Ways and Means Com
mittee. It proposed to reduce the war
taxes by $40,000,000 in round numbers. The
beer ; lobby, 1 which : was unable to ; make
any Impression on the House, will now di
rect its ¦ attention T to the Senate, and as
some of , the leading Republican members
of. the Senate Finance Committee are ad
vocating a total reduction of at least *50,
000,000 it is not improbable that the.beer
men will get some concessions. •
' . ¦ ¦ ; • : •" ¦¦ ¦ -. • ¦ .-¦
Five Bodies Recovered.
_. DUNKIRK; N. Y., Dec. 16.— The bodies
of five 'more victims of the Normal School
fire ¦ were ¦ recovered to-day, ; making six
that "have been taken from the ruins.
Those found to-day. were charred beyond
recognition. Workmen while removing de
bris,found the bodies at the foot of a fire
escape, where they.were piled across each
Other. -. ¦ ¦ ../''¦'.'¦ \ . „;>.- ¦ , . , , , . | -. -;:
HOUSE LEGISLATES FOR
EXPRESS COMPANIES
¦ Settlement.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Dec/ 16.-Owinjr to
the success of the United States in press-
Ing ' claims for compensation! In .connec
tion with the Armenian 'disorders." Great
Britain Is now urging the Ottoman , Gov
ernment " to pay , similar - claims ? put ; for
ward by British, subjects. --It: is' expected
that energetic means will, be taken to ob
tain a in I Hi mi nl liMj'JIMlMiJiBllllllUMUf
Great Britain Is Pressing the Otto-,
man Empire to Make Prompt
URGES PAYMENT
OF BRITISH CLAIMS
in the Laws.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— Delegate Wil
cox of Hawaii, recently elected to repre
sent" the islands in the House, arrived In
Washington yesterday, and was • sworn ' In
as Delegate to the House. Wr.'Wll cox Is
not unknown here, > having been ' present
while the Hawaiian legislative bill was
being perfected. .
Delegate From Hawaiian Islands Will
Propose Important Changes
WILCOX SEATED
WITHOUT QUESTION
"Ked Light" District. ; ¦ .;
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— A big shakeup
of police officials was announced at police
headquarters yesterday. The transfers In
clude a number of deputy chief Inspectors
and fifteen captains, -Including Captain
McCluskey of the detective bureau, who
is replaced by Captain Titus of the-Eld
red ge street station. '
Captain McCluskey goes to the Grand
Central Railway station. Captain Stephen
O'Brien, whom the commissioner under
Mayor Strong had In the detective bu
reau and who has since been stationed In
the Bronx, Is sent to take Captain Titus*
place in the. "red light" district. Captain
Thomas of the tenderloin was not dis
turbed.
The reason given for the shakeup was
that it was ."for the good of the service."
Chief Devery made the changes. without
orders from the commissioners or consul
tations with them. Every one at head
quarters was astonished by the shakeup.
Captain Stephen O'Brien Detailed to
Relieve Captain Titus in the
BIG SHAKE-UP IN
GOTHAM'S POLICE FORCE
General Alban, Governor of the state of
Panama, who was .in command of the
Government troops, left for Bogota after
the evacuation of Tumaco.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Dec. 16.-AdvYce3
from Colon, Colombia, regarding tha re
cent fighting between the Government
troops and th,e Insurgents at Tumaco
say that the withdrawing Insurgent force
was not dispersed. On the contrary, fears
are entertained that this body of rebels
will effect a junction with the force oper
ating around Buena Ventura.
Both sides lost heavily In the batttle of
Tumaco. When the Government forces
destroyed the rebel steamer Gaitan they
also destroyed a large supply of ammuni
tion.
Defeated Insurgents in Co
lombia Are Not Dis
persed.
FEAR JUNCTION
OF REBEL TROOPS
WOODLAXD. Dec, 18.— The executive
committee of the Sacramento Valley De
velopment Association met in this city
this afternoon to arrange for the Joint
meeting of the association with the San
Joaquln Valley Association In Sacramento
In January, and to complete the arrange
ments for the publication in the Sunset
Magazine of a special article setting forth
the advantages and resources of Sacra
.jsicnto VaJJ«&.
To Advertise Resources.
Miss Keller Is now 19 years old. She
shows 6teady Improvement In her new
'end. wonderful accomplishment. Even
those who know her and her remarkable
mental capacity express astonishment at
the headway she Is making.
BOSTON, Mass., Dec. 16.— Helen Kel
, ler, deaf, blind and heretofore dumb, a
ctudect at Radciifte College, yesterday as
' toolshed the freshman class by making
: a short address at the class luncheon in
Fay Hall. Helen, who has recently be
come able to make sounds which can be
' understood by those familiar with her
responded when called upon by the chair
man. She spoke only a few words In a
low, unmodulated voice, which- did not
lack In strength and was even musical.
Miss Sullivan, her constant companion
and guardian, can now understand her
; quite readily, as can others who have be
come accustomed to her.
Freshman Class at Radcliffe
College.
'TSIbs Helen Keller Astonishes the
VIENNA, Dec 16.— A duel took placeyes
terday at Salzburg between Count Josef
Zakrzewski and Count Orloff. attache of
the Russian legation In Munich. The
cause is unknown. The weapons used
vere pistols. At the Kecond exchange of
bullets Count Zakrzewski, In spite of the
fact that he was not the challenger, fired
In the air. Count OriofT. on the other
hand, took aim and struck his adversary
In the abdomen. Zakrxewskl was at once
taken to the Salzburg Sanitarium where
an operation was performed. It failed,
however, to save his life. He died soon
afterward.
Count Orloff was formerly an attache of
the Russian embassy Jn Paris, where he
also had a duel. In which he killed his ad
versary. This was the cauw of his trans
ference to the Munich legation.
DTTMB GIRL LEABNS
TO USE VOCAL CHORDS
Count Orloflf.
Cpeci&l Cat'e to The Call and New York Her
ald- Ccryrlrht. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Co:r.;.ar.y.
Wounded by His Adversary
; Hrcs Into the Air and Is Mortally
Pensions Issued: Calif ornia— Original :
Andrew B. Jackson, Stockton, $S (twenty
years' 6ervlee): Michael Walsh, Vallejo,
$20 50; John O'Neill. Stockton, 58. Restora
tion and reissue — EH C. Kelley (dead). San
Diego, $S. Increase— John Sullivan. Ban
Francisco, S3; David Crowley, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $10. Original widows:
Catherine Kelley. San Diego, $S; Annie
M. Thropp, Bakersneld, $S; Martha E.
Means, Los Angeles, $>¦.
COTJTCT ZAXRZEWSKI
KILLED IN A DUEL
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Adrian J. Van Matre, Knob. Appointed:
Nellie Flowers, Balls Ferry. Shasta
County, vice O. Beck, resigned; Alzlna
Barnum, Briageville, Humboldt County,
vice E. B. Barnum, deceased: H. A.
Doty. Echo Mountain. Los Angeles Coun
ty, vice T. S. Clowe, resigned; F. F.
Chase, Ethanac, Riverside County, vice
John Qaston. resigned; O. E. Martinelll,
Oleman. Marin County, vice Attllo Mar
tinelll, resigned ; P. It. Clover, Rohner
vllle. Humboldt County, vice E. B. Lov
ing, removed. Oregon— E. P. Willianez,
KlngElev. Wasco County, vice J. C. Ward,
removed; E. W. Follett. Kew Pine Creek.
Lake County, vice J. C. Hamersley, re
moved.
"WAEHTNGTON. Dec. 16.-Postofflce es
tablished: Washington— Locke, Stevens
Coozity, David L. Smith, postmaster.
Discontinued: Oregon— Margaret, Grant
County (send *r\*i\ to Prairie- City).
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen-
Bions Granted.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
BOISE, Idaho, Dec. 16. — The Wallace
Tribune, the organ of the Western Feder
ation of Miners in the Couer d'Alene. says
no Senator will be elected at the session
ot the Legislature unless the Legislature
brings about the change In the Coeur
d'Alenes desired by the Federation. It la
claimed the Federation has the balance of
power. The Federation wants martial law
abolished.
Oppose Partial Law.«
plant covered an entire block. Loss $180.
000, - fully covered by Insurance. The
flames, fanned by a high wind, scorched
the big furniture plant of the Mattoon
Manufacturing Company adjoining, and
their loss will be several thousand dol
lars. A general conflagration was feared,
and It was only through the aid of the
fire corps of a dozen factories that the fire
was controlled.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— The Senate
will devote the greater part of Its time
this week to consideration of the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty If it should be neces
sary to do so in order to get the ratiflca.
tlon resolution acted upon, and In case
there Is any surplus time It will be de
voted to the consideration of the ship sub
sidy bill. None of the appropriation bills
can be reported to the Senate In time for
consideration during this week or until
a^^er the holidays, and the same may be
said of the army bill. There will be an
effort to report the army bill ! during the
week, and It may be successful, but »lt
cannot possibly be taken up before the
Senate convenes after the holidays.
Senator Lodge is very hopeful , of se
curing an agreement to vote on the treaty
before the holiday adjournment Friday.
The present programme of the opponents
of the treaty is to have Senator Money
speak to-morrow and other Senators of
the opposition in succession. A number
of speeches have been promised on the
subsidy bill if opportunity offers. _
Under the concurrent resolution already
passed the House will adjourn over the
holidays on Friday. The week In the
House is not likely to be important, un
less the river and harbor appropriation
bill should be taken up Wednesday or
Thursday. There has been no decision
upon this point, howe\er, the bill not hav
ing been yet reported to the House. To
morrow ¦> Is individual suspension day un
der the rules, but only a brief time will
be occupied with suspension business.
Several bills to divide Judicial districts
and -the Lanham Texas claims bill will
probably be passed. The remainder of the
day under an order made yesterday will
be devoted to the consideration of pri
vate pension bills. Tuesday has been set
aside for the consideration of the District
of Columbia business.
Forecast of Week's Work
in the Senatt and
¦
WILL CONSIDER
CANAL TREATY
p..^jHE HAGUE, Dec. 16.— Whether It
I Is from the natural desire to court
I royal favor, or whether royal ex
,X ample has had an honest effect.
Queen Wilhelmina is rapidly con
verting her nation to temperance In the
matter ot drinking. It Is well knewn that
drink 13 ono of the curses of Holland, and
the Queen's own father, her predecessor
on the throne, was accounted the cham
pion royal drunkard of Europe. Aside
from many courtiers who have adopted
ner views, the young Queen's most nota
ble convert is her intended husband. Hen-
Queen WUhelmlna never touches any
alcoholic liquor. The most costly wines
flgmo on the loyal tables at all dlnner3
and state ' banquets, but neither Queen
"Wilhelmina nor her mother. Quean Em
ma, ever even permits her glass to be
filled, and the ladles and gentlemen of the
Dutch court have discovered that . the
surest road to the favor of the young sov
ereign Is to follow her example.
ry of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. This youns
man's action in eschewing liquor Is i
great surprise to his former regimental
comiades, by whom he has been knowr
as one of the most persistent drinkers ir
tho corr?s of yovrig officers.
"Corporal Herbert Chase of Marlbor
ough, Mass., was shot and killed by James
Henderson, a .private of ¦ Company C,
Twenty-ninth Infantry, at Catbalogan,
Samar, during the night of October 27.
About 300 American solders held the
town of Catbalogan, being constantly
harassed by the insurgents under General
Lukbon on the surrounding hills. This
led to strict orders to kill all natives out
after dark. On October 27 a rebel officer
came into town under a flag of truce and
delivered over Sergeant Rice and Corporal
Allen of the Forty-third Infantry, who
were captured last March. These men
reported that tha force of Filipinos be
sieging the town numbered 2300, and that
they were boasting of coming Into' the
town to kill all the Americans.
"About 10 ; o'clock that night the Fili
pinos opened a heavy lire on the town. It
was Corporal Chase's duty to reinforce
the gatling.gun squad, and the Filipinos
were tepulsed after a lively half hour's
fight. When • the firing had subsided the
corporal stepped into the bushes, telling
the sentinel, it Is said, not to shoot. The
order was forgotten by the excited out
post, and as Chase started < to return - he
was shot down without beiny challenged.
He was evidently mistaken for a bolo
man. Henderson was put Into the guard
house, and will be tried on the charge of
manslaughter. Chase was buried wilh
military honors on October 28."
BOSTON. Dec. 16.— The following was
received by the Globe from James Swee
ney, hospital steward with the Twenty
ninth Volunteer Infantry, at Catbalogan,
Samar Island:
MISTAKEN FOR A FILIPINO.
Corporal Chase of the Twenty-Ninth
Killed on Saxnar.
Most of the time of the Philippine Com
mission is now devoted to the tariff bill.
Judge Taft i?aid to-day that generally
speaking, the new rates would be about
40 per cent of the existing rates.
"It will be essentially a tariff for rev
enue," he remarked, "but some of the in
dustries that are already established will
be given protection. The commission is
not considering- the question of the con
stitutionality of taxinz United States
products. The precedents have been es
tablished In the case of Porto Rico and
by the military government of the Philip
pines. The rate 'on kerosene will be re
duced from 11 cents a gallon to 4 cents.
Some American goods will be admitted
free, and almost all will come in at re
duced ligures.".
Larg'e numbers of the natives, however,
are swearing allegiance to the United
States. In several recent attacks and ex
peditions in Southern Luzon the insur
gents have lost eight killed, seven wound
ed and about twenty captured.
The Americans have lost one killed and
two Wounded.
The Insurgent losses during the last ten
days there have been five killed, seven
wounded and forty taken prisoners. The
Americans have lost two killed and three
wounded.
MANILA, Dec 16.-Ad vices from Hollo
report that the American troops have
been moving northward and westward
for several days and that detachments of
the Sixtieth, Eighteenth and Twenty
sixth regiments have been active near
their stations.
Troops Are Moving North
and "West on Town
of Iloilo.
HEAVY LOSSES
OF INSURGENTS
ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
/f N.W.. -WASHINGTON. Dee. 16,—
(i . The reception given by Mrs. Jo-
seph McKenna, wife of the United
States Supreme Court Justice, was
cne of the chief social functions given at
the capital city during the week In which
debutantes figured. The McKennas have
removed from their former residence on
California avenue, and are now much more
conveniently located in a very handsome
residence at 1705 Rhode Island avenue,
one of the most beautiful residence streets
in Washington.
The reception, or tpa. on Saturday aft
ernoon was given by Mrs. McKenna to in
troduce her youngest daughter. Miss
Hildegarde. to society. That young lady
.will be remembered pleasantly by all Cal
lfornlans who knew the McKenna family
as a mere girl, and a very chubby and
bright-faced young miss at that. But now
she has developed Into a beautiful young
woman, and is quite as tall and pretty ab
her sisters, rihe has an exquisite com
plexion and fine auburn hair. Tha daugh
ters inherit their beauty from their moth
er. On Saturday Mrs. McKenna appeared
Miss Hildegarde, who was considered
the fairest of all the season's buds, re
ceived loads of flowers, and to accommo
date them all a fan-shaped screen waa
erected across a corner of -the drawing
room, on which were placed several dozen
bouquets of roses and orchids. All the
bouquets were tied with delicate colored
gauze ribbons. One mantel was almost
entirely covered with violets and lilies of
the valley, while American Beauty roses
were ranged about in great profusion. As
sisting in receiving the guests were Miss
Julia Foraker, Miss Gladys Foulke, Miss
Frances- Newlands. Miss Evylyn Sloan of
New York, Miss Madeleine Gary of "Balti
more, Miss Scanion of St. Louis and the
Misses McKenna. In the dining-room
Mrs. Hitt and Miss Patton served tea and
chocolate from either end of a beautifully
decorated .table, and Miss Harlan dis
pensed ices. Miss Griggs presided at the
punch bowl.
quite as levely as her daughters. She
wore a very handsome gown of delicate
pink brocade, trimmed in sable. Miss
Hildegarde looked charming In a gown of
white crepe de chine, with bodice of
heavy lace. She carried a bouquet of pink
roses.
MISS HILDEGARDE McKENNA, DAUGHTER OF ASSOCIATE JUSTICE
JOSEPH McKENNA. THIS CHARMING YOUNG LADY'S DEBUT INTO
SOCIETY WAS RECENTLY MADE AT AN AFTERNOON TEA.
In Morro Castle a military ball waa In
progress. The American ladles present
expressed great interest In the earth
quake, which was the first they had ex
perienced, but displayed no fear.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Dec. 18.— A
sharp earthquake shock was felt last night
about midnight. It waa the most severe
that has been experienced In several
years and created a panic at the San Car
los Club, where a grand ball was in pro
gress. The shock was preceded by a dull
sound like a mine explosion. Tvro shocks
followed, the former being quite severe
and the latter scarcely perceptible.
The ballroom at tha club became a scene
of frantic excitement. Several ladles
fainted and the people rushed Into tha
streets.
Creates Panic at the San Carlos Club, .
Where- a Grand Ball Is in
Progress.
SHASP EARTHQUAKE
SHOCK AT SAUTTAGO
VICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 16.-The steamer
Alpha, whichi returned to port; last -.week,
with her.- stoke ¦ hold'-, full ' of { water,'; con*
tinued ; her; voyage to Yokohama ; yester
day, "having been pronounced seaworthy;
The engineers ' and others. of the crew*de
serted,. claiming she was not fit to .go to
sea, ¦ but the : inspectors j passed * her. - ¦
Alpha Pronounced Seaworthy.
Drowned in Russian River.
TJKIAH, Dec;- 16.— Leopold Bobb was
drowned on Friday evening while crossing
Russian F< River . between • this ' city and
Vichy Springs.. Bobb left. Ukiah late in
the evening on ; horseback. The, stream
waa swollen- by~i the: recent rains.' Bobb
fell from his'plunglng horse and disap
peared. A search for his body has been
unavailing. . ' '¦' -\- ' ' ¦'' '
SEATTLE. Dec. '1G.— William Gorsage.
was shot and killed by his wife at 10:30
o'clock last = night at Mount Vernon,
Skaglt County. ' Gorna go was: a heavy
drinker and abusive to his /family. . He
gave his wife a severe beating last night
and she threatened to leave him. He said
he would follow and kill • her. He had
been in bed about an hour when she shot
him In the back of the head and he lived
but a short time. She claims she was h
fear of her life and \ expresses no regret.
They have lived in this vicinity more than
twenty years and have " three - children,
aged 20,' 16 and 13 years.
Mr. Fulton Is a descendant of Robert
Fulton, builder of the first steamboat In
the United States, tne Clalremont. He
says he will name his first steamboat
after that noted vessel.
MURDERS HER * HUSBAND
I V; ; : WHILE HE IS ASLEEP
TACOMA, Dec. 16.— Charles Fulton of
Whatcom has returned irom San Fran
cisco, where he closed a contract to Build
two sailing vessels for J. R. Hanify & Co.
He will leave next week for Port Had
lock. where Mr. Fulton will establish his
shipyards. One of the vessels will be the
same Blze as the schooner aehome, which
he designed and built for the Bellingham
Bay Improvement Company and .which
made a record as the fastest sailing vessel
on the coast. The other boat will be a
little smaller. Both are to be completed
in July next. ;
Charles .Fulton of Whatcom Will
Build Sailing Craft for a San
Francisco Firm.
CLOSES CONTRACT TO
BUILD TWO VESSELS
Clark and a companion were residing to
gether in a house on the San Fernando
rond. three miles from Troplco. On May
•28 Wong disappeared. An Investigation
was followed by the arrest of Clark on
suspicion. After Clark's arrest the body
of the Chinese was found underneath the
house. Clark was tried and found guilty
of murder In the second degree. The cause
of the murder has never been made clear.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 16.— Life impris
onment is the fate that awaits Harry
Fldyd Clark. The Supreme Court eo de
cided yesterday, affirming the x Judgment
rendered by Superior Judge Smith about a
year ago. The crime' of which Clark was
convicted is the murder of Wong Sing
Hay, a Chinese laundryman, on May 28,
1S98. <
Suprem s Court Affirms the Judgment
in the Case of Harry [ '¦[']
„ Clark.
f\~. ¦•'„' ' ' •
LIFE IMPRISONMENT FOR
SLAYER OF A CHINESE
PETALUMA, Dec. 16.— A deal is being
consummated in this city for the pur-
Chase by tho California and Hawaiian
Refining Company of a 1500-acre tract of
the Senator Jones estate ranch in the re
claimed marsh lands below Embarcadero,
to be used in the cultivation of sugar
beets. The company now has under cul
tivation 3000 acres of reclaimed land at
Reclamation, on Petaluma Creek, and
K. G. Raaf, manager of this ranch, is
negotiating for the new purchase.
While the crop at the Reclamation
ranch has not been as successful as might
have been wished, Manager Raaf is hope
ful of better returns next year. The crop
last year was 5000 tons of cleaned and
prepared beets. With the new territory,
if the deal . be successfully carried
through, and with Increased cultivation
at Reclamation, the crop the coming year
is expected to be in the neighborhood of
30,000 tons. If the Jones tract is culti
vated a crusher will be located at Recla
mation and the beets will be put through
the crushing process before they are
taken to the refineries at Crockett. ¦..;;.:
chase Fifteen Hundred Acres
Near Embarcadero.
Hawaiian Refining Company to Pur-
NEGOTIATING FOR. TRACT
OF SUGAR-BEET LAND
Chief Elton, when asked about the mat
ter, said that Lew had made such a slight
Impression upon him that he could not,
upon the spur of the moment, remember
the Chinese or his place of business.
LOS AXGELES, Dec. 1G.-Lew Quan
Fong has grievances which he thinks can
be soothed only by the balm of $5000 dam
ages from the Chief of Police of Los
Angeles, Charles Elton,, and his bonds
men, the National Surety Company of
New York. The Chinese conducts a mer
cantile business under the name of tho
"Sim Wing Wo Company," at 421 North
Los Angeles street. Lew claims that the
Chief, on November 22, November 2S and
December 7, "with lorce and arms ma
liciously and against the protests of the
plaintiff and without probable or other
cause, searched and ransacked his prem
ises, broke open drawers and private re
ceptacles and cabinets, examined private
papers and property." Lew sums up his
grievances as follows: (1) Humiliation.
(2) contumely, (3) disgrace, (4) loss of
business standing.
The aggrieved Chinese alleges that
through the acts of the chief people have
been led to believe that he, an innocent
Chinese, has been harboring criminals and
evidences of crime, all of which Is dis
tasteful to a respectable, law-abiding cit
izen, who conducts only a "mercantile .
business.
jects to a Raid Upon His
Premises, f]
Lew Quan Fong of Los Angeles Ob-
CHINESE SUES CHIEF OF
POLICE FOR DAMAGES
Senators Kanna and Frye are very
keenly awake to the combination that has
been formed to obstruct the bill in the
Senate. Senator Fr"e at least shows evi
dence of losing his temper. Senator
Hanna "will nut admit fcr publication that
there is anything wrong and that the
ship subsidy bill has nothing but summer
seas ahead of it. Both claim a clear ma
jority In the Senate, but the trouble 1»
to get the bill to a vote. Circumstances
all point to a very determined effort 'O
prevent the final consideration of the
subsidy bill, thus killing it by obstruction.
At the beginning of the session
Senator Frye and other friends succeeded
In having the subsidy bil! taken up. and
It Is now unfinished business. Thus it
takes preceder.ee over every other meas
ure pending or contemplated in the Sen
ate except appropriation bills, it haa
shoved aside the Nicaragua canal bill,
will continue to shove aside the oleomar*
gartne bill, and it is the determination of
the Committee on Order of Business to
keep the ship subsidy bill before the Sen
ate continually, whether the Hay-Paunc»»
fote treaty i3 disposed of or not. The o;>»
position to the bill is four fold. Some Sen
ators are opposing it because of their dis
like for Senator Hanna. Senators Ilka
Allen of Nebraska. Teller of Colorado,
Wellington of Maryland and Pettigrew of
South Dakota have grievances. Other
Senators, nke Butler of North Carolina,
want to defeat anything the Republicaa
leaders are In favor of.
Another branch of opposition comes
from Senators who are willing to vote for
the shipping bill, but are opposed to any
feature of it which gives subsidy to shlp3
built abroad that are now owned by Am
erican capitalists. Still another element
is the Senators on the Republican sida
who are opposed to any subsidy bill, yet
are In a position where they will be com
pelled to vote for this bill If. It la ever
put on for final passage.
CALL. BUREAU. 1IO5 G STREET. N.
W\. WASHINGTON, Doc. IS.— Unless the
drift on the ship subsidy bill changes
there is likely to be a wide split In the
Republican party, preceded by a row in
the Senate the Iikp of which has not been
know,n during this administration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Measure May Cause Split
in the Republican
Party.
Determined Effort Will Be Mad*
to Prevent a Final Vote,
Thus Killing the J,i£
Measure. . , ;>j£fij
DIVISION ON
SUBSIDY BILL
I BOCKPOHT. Ind., Dec. 15.— Two ne-
CToe*. Jim. Henderson and Bud Row-
Jan^w. -wrho ¦waylaid, murdered ana robbed
Jlollle Slmcne. a whit© barber, early this
morning, were lynched to-night In the jaul
yard by a mob of 1500. The negroes were
Krrcsted soon after tiie murder occurred,
ar.i, although Rowlands' clothing had
•bloodstains on it, thoy claimed they were
Jnnocent. In the meantime Sheriff Clem
ens of Union County, Ivy., arrived with
aa trained bloodhound. "When the dog was
jplaced on the trail he followed it to the
ihouse where Rowlands lived, six oIocks
SaCrcrn the scene of tne murder, and went
baying to the bed the negro had occupied.
This was enough for the excited citizens.
¦Within a few minutea a mob of a thou
sand howling, bloodthirsty men, with
pledge hammers, ropes and guns, were on
the way to the jail.
Sheriff Anderson and his two deputies
jnade a stand and attempted to protect
the prisoners. The officers were seized by
the leaders of the mob and disarmed.
The Sheriff, although locked In a room
and placed under guard, stoutly refused
-to efve up the keys or tell where the
prisoners were fcidaen.
The mob made a determined but unsuc
cessful attempt to break In the jail door
Finally they secured a telegraph pole.
and. uslnf it as a battering ra.ni. caved in
the wall of the Jail. The door of Row
lands' cell was then quickly broken Into j
¦with sledge? , and he was dragged from I
the Jail to the east side of the court yard.
where a noose was placed about his neck.
Me was given time to make a statement,
in which he Implicated Jim Henderson
<md another negro. Rowlands then begged
piteously for mercy.- but the mob swiftly !
swung th* confessed murderer to a tree
and riddled his bodv with bullets.
Leaving the dangling body of Rowlands,
the mob niched tack to the Jail and burst
open the cell occupied by Henderson. Be
fore the bars yielded to the blows of the
electees some one in the crowd fired upon
the terri!ied negro as he crouched in the
far corntjr. It took but a few moments
to get at Hendcrpon, and the negro, more
dead than alive, was dragged at the rope's
end to ice courthouse yard and swung to
the tree beside the body of Rowlands.
Firing a parting volley at the swinging
bodies, the mob, eager for another victim,
hurried away to catch the other negro Im
plicated by Rowlands. He was found at |
u. hotel, where he was employed as a por
ter. The negro escaped to the roof of the
bullfiins', and Manager Dobreuler suc
ceeded in convincing the mob that the
T>orter had nothine to do with the crime, i
The mob then dispersed, apparently sat
isfied with its work of vengeance.
Blmons was murdered in the most brutal
manner one square from the main street
of the town as he was going: to his home i
from his barber shep at 2 o'clock this i
mornlnp. He carried the receipts of the? I
<2ay, a fact of which the negroes were
aware. They attacked Simons from be
hind, striking him on the head with n
•heavy club Into which a nail had been
driven. Although terribly beaten, Simons i
made a desperate fight. His cries at- !
tracted two boys, x'he negroes drove them !
cway and accomplished their original de- ]
sign, securing a bag containing over $40 1
from their victim and escaped. When I
others arrived Simons was dead. His j
ektill was crushed in and his head and i
face beaten into a pulp. The splice on the '
club had punctured the pkull In four
place* and penetrated his brain.
"Walter Evans, one of the young men
who attempted to rescue Blmons and who
aiterwerd witnessed the lynching, has
become a raving maniac.
The dead man's wife Is prostrated, and
fit Is believed eh© will die from the shock.
tZcrciLg Han "Who Witnessed Both the
Crisis end Execution Has
Become a Raving
Accused of Robbing and
Murdering an Indiana
Barber.
MOB LYNCHES
TWO NEGROES
QUEEN WILHELMINA OF HOLLAND
CONVERTS HER BETROTHED PRINCE
TO THE CAUSE OF TEMPERANCE
Example of the Young Ruler of the Netherlands
Finds Many Followers, Among Them Being Her
Future Husband, Henry of Meeklenburg-Schwerin
Washington's Four' Hundred Attend < an After
noon Tea to Honor the Youngest Daughter of
the Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.
MISS HILDEGARDE McKENNA'S
DEBUT A SWELL SOCIETY EVENT
AT THE NATIONAL CAPITAL
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.-President
McKinley on Saturday explained to a
committee from the Illinois State Manu
facturers' Association, who Invited him to
nttc-nd a dinner In Chicago on Marctj 26,
that he probably would not be able to ac
cept because there would probably be an
extra session of the' Senate to confirm
nominations.
This is the first Intimation that an ex
tra session of the Senate would be neces
tsury or that the President expected to
wake any appointments other than to fill
places caused by the expiration of terms.
The President also said to his callers that
hp. expected to go as far as the Pacific
Coast lato In spring by way of New Or
leans and the Southern Pacific road,
visit is supposed to be for the purpose
of attending the launching of the battle
ship Ohio at the yards of the Union. Iron
Works.
8pecial Dispatch to The Call.
ments.
President Says It Will , Be
Necessary to Confirm
Nominations.
— : — '.*
First Intimation That the President
Intends to Make a Large
Number of Appoint-
SENATE TO HOLD
EXTRA SESSION
THE SAST FRAISTCIBCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1900.
QUEEN WILHELMIXA OF. HOLLAND AND THE MAN SHE WILL MAR
RY, HENRY OF MECKLENBURG-SCHWERIN. THESE PICTURES
ARE FROM PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN DURING AN OUTING.
2
PACIFIG COAST DEPARTMENT, V
423 CALIFORNIA STREET.
ALFRED R. GRIM, Assistant Manager. CESAR BERTHEAD, HanagCF.
6US HESSIHGER and MARTIN . RASCHEN, San Francisco, City Managers.
Telephone Mala 272.
STATEMENT
OS 1 THE^
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OS 1 THB-—
HANOVER
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OP NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OT KEW
York, on the tlst day of December, A. Du
1899. and for th» year ending on that day. aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th*
State of California, pursuant to ta« provisions
of sections 619 and til of tho Political Code,
condensed aa per blank furnished by tha Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, Dald up ta
Cash n.flCO.900 09
ASSETS.
Real Estatu owned by Company..... $430,000 M
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 3,500 CO
Cash Market Valua of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company _... 3*227.336 00
Cash In Company's Offloe 53,824 61
Cash in Banks * - ,, - . --,,¦, S4.915 97
Interest due and accrued on au
Stocks and Loans 28,213 CO
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages SO "S
Premiums In due Course of Collection 229,349 S3
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already pald.V. 12,433 47
Total Assets #. ,....$3.08* 47» 3a
LT A BTUIlia*.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ._ S136.CM H
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 75,186 'i
Losses resisted. Including expwoaea.. 13,315 (3
Gross premiums on lire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,094,096 19;
reinsurance 50 per cent 547,043 13
Gross premiums on Fire, Risks run*
ning more than one year. $1,234.-
73S 89: reinsurance pro rata.......... 661,123 63
Reinsurance premium* ................ S7.S75 33
Total Liabilities .......Sl.43.es> 87
iNcosm ~ *
Net cash actually received for Tin
premiums $1,433,540 67
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages Z73 53
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stock*. Loans and from
all other sources ¦ 90,413 13
Received for Rents 37.5M 7*
Received from all other sources 63.535 50
Total Income .....~........._..>$1.S?5,363 47
EXPron>rruREs.
Net amount paid for Fir* Losses (in-
cluding $178,401 51. losses of previoua
yean) ....$3,094,720 37"
Dividends to Stockholder* 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 173.384 43
Paid for Salaries. Fees and oUier
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 152,443 53
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 59,138 19
AU other payments and expenditure* UO.COl 20
Total Expenditures $1,734,670 79
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $1.100.431 07
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $213,630,513 $1,999.773 77
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 153.401.508 1.W7.301 23
Net amount in force
December tt. 1339..... 228.S73.5O 3,363,835 07
I. REMSEN LANE, President.
CHAS. A. SHAW. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 27th
day of January, 1900.
\j>* JOS. MeCORD. Notary Public
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
k -- QP* THIJ '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
AACHEN AND MUNICH
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
f\T A1X-LA-CHAPELLE. Germany, on the
d&y of December. A. IX 1839. and for
the year ending: on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cal!-
t ornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company I7S3.3S? SO
Cash in Company's Office 80« 41
Cash in Banks S9.332 66
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 920 00
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 84.368 23
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1.15C) 92
Total Assets :'.. $915.933 77
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.... $7,341 Cl
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 41.439 92
I<osses resisted. Including- expenses 6.173 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning cne year or less, $405,875 44; re-
insurance 50 per cent 202,927 73
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $191,344 09:
reinsurance pro rata 109.3S3 84
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. etc. 116 69
All other demands against tha com-
pany 23.190S
Total Liabilities $391,584 44
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums S433.005 81
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from all
other sources 23,857 83
Received from ' all other sources J6S 72
Total Income $507,133 22
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire losses (In-
. cludinz $SR,7SS 61, losses of previous
years) $322.919 69
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 95.77037
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 62,474 12
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes... 15.294 81
AH other payments and expenditures.. 33.097 53
Total Expenditures .$333.8:8 72
• - Fire.
Losses incurred during the year..*. $343,773 65
Risks and Premium*! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
¦written during the
year " $48,483,460 $613.432 99
Net amount of risks
y^r red .... d^*..^ 42.142.2^ B4O.4M T3
N fUXVm^ 46.443.689 597.219 W
SAML. R. "WEED, of Weed & Kennedy,
U. S. Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
day of January, 1900.
F. FISHBECK. Notary PublicBERLIN. Dec. 16.-The Foreign Office
officials say that they do not know why
Great Britain has not yet authorized her
Minister at Peking to sign the joint note
of the powers. Sir Ernest Satow has
asked London for further instructions on
the subject. Germany believes the in
structions have not yet been received. It
is pointed out that the signing of the note
will be the first step of a binding charac
ter yet taken by the powers jointly, hence
it is supposed that Great Britain wants
to consider the matter fullv. It Is be
lieved Li Hung Chang and Prince Ching
will be able to show satisfactory creden
tials, and It is assumed they are now com
municating with the court in this connec
tion. The Foreign Office officials admit
that the, indications are now more favora
ble of getting China to come to terms.
They also say the early return of Empe
ror Kwang Su to Peking seems likely.
Private dispatches from Peking say
Lleutenant Count von Wlntzingerode and
Captain von Usedom have, been severely
Injured by accident; that Lieutenant Dus
terberg during 1 the skirmish near Pao
ting-Fu was killed, and that the Manchu
general Fang was captured, with great
booty.
the Matter.
Great Britain Takes Time to Consider
AGREEMENT BINT>S POWERS.
While the Ministers in Peking are hag
gling over the collective note, Russia has
consolidated her power in Manchuria,
which, under the guise of friendship she
is wresting from her deluded neighbors.
The Evening Post published the follow
ing from its Peking correspondent, dated
Saturday: The Boxer organization is
nearly destroyed.. There appears now to
be no danger of a recrudescence of the re
cent troubles. .although activity .la shown
in some unprotected places. The Boxer
leaders were In reality not numerous and
most of them have been punished by the
Chinese authorities.
on the part of the Boxers in the neighbor
hood of Peking and Tientsin. It Is be
lieved that certain foreigners are continu
ing a surreptitious business in arms, with
the connivance of tne Taotal of Shanghai.
There are persistent rumors here that
the foreign troops have arrived at Tal-
Yuen Pu.
VICTORIA;. B. C. , Dec. 16.— The ques
tion -. whether the Dominion ' or .the Pro
vincial Government owns Dead Man's Isl
and," which has been a political Issue in
Vancouver for ; over a year and upon
which the Semlln Government split. Is to
come ; up . before . the . Supreme Court •¦ here
next week. ¦ ProtesTs have been"- entered
against "the*, election "of Prior and Barle,
Conservatives, to - the , Dominion' Parlia
ment on the ground of corruption.
Charges . of Corruption.
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec. 16. — Santa Fe
trainmen are becoming restive and dissat
isfied with conditions on account of the
risk of running trains. The new men at
many of the block stations are unable to
take the train orders with any degree of
speed, and several cases have occurred
where tho red signal has been thrown
Trainmen Becoming; Restive.
While the representatives of the differ
ent orders deny that there is any likeli
hood of a strike should Third Vice Presi
dent Barr refuse to arbitrate the difficulty
with the Order of Railway Telegraphers,
it is still the general feeling, should this
take place, serious complications might
ensue. The position taken is that if the
Santa Fe refuses to recognize the Order
of Railway Telegraphers at the present
time similar action might be taken should
trouble arise in the future between the
road and other organizations, and It would
mean the establishment of a dangerous
precedent.
But little information could be obtained
from the members of the board of media
tion. They were not disposed to talk
about the situation, but Intimated that
there would be something to give out In
a day or two. The telegraphers feel very
much encouraged over the turn affairs
have taken, an<1 think there is no doubt
of ultimate success.
- "Representatives of the different rail
way orders." said Mr. Mudge. "held a
short conference with myself and Mr.
Ressegule this evening. They stated that
they had no grievance against the Santa
Fe. but at the request of the telegraphers
desired to offer their services to mediate
the differences .between the Order of Rail
way Telegraphers and the company.
"They expressed a desire to act for the
entire system and include the trouble on
the Gulf. Colorado and Santa Fe as well
as the line west of Albuquerque. As my
authority extends simply over the Santa
Fe proper I could not deal with them.
They will probably hold a meeting with
Mr. Barr and attempt to reach a settle
ment upon the best possible basis to be
obtained for the telegraphers."
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec. 15.—Representa
tives of the trainmen, conductors, engi
neers and firemen neld a conference this
evening with General Manager Mudge of
the Santa Fe for the purpose of attempt
ing to mediate the trouble between the
road and the Order of Railway Telegra
phers. While no agreement was reached
the board of mediation was encouraged
by Mr. Mudge to hold a conference with
Third Vice President Barr, which will
probably be done Monday or Tuesday at
Chicago.
WICHITA, Kans., Dec. 16.— "The oper
ators' strike In my division, is past his
tory." said Superintendent Tice - of the
Oklahoma division to-night... "Two small
stations are without operators, but not
because we cannot • get men to supply
them. We have agents sufficient for all
the purposes of the stations. Our trains
BOAST OF A SUPERINTENDENT.
"We can bring the Santa Fe to terms,"
said a prominent striking telegrapher to
day, "if we are compelled to. adopt this
method. We have tried it before in Colo
rado and in tho East on the Burlington.
In each Instance we were successful;' as
we ruined the business of the company for
the time being. We have It in our. power
to take away from the Santa Fe practical
ly all its through freight and passenger
business, and we have assurances from
the men on the other roads that they will
act In our interests as soon as notified.'.'
If no agreement can be'reached an order
will go out to all the members of the or
der to route all passenger and freight
business, both from the East and West,
by some line other than the Santa Fe.
Eastern agents Instead of routing Califor
nia traffic over the Santa Fe will turn it
to either the Southern Pacific or the.Union
Pacific. The former, however, will be
given the preference, as the telegraphers
have a very advantageous schedule with
that road. Freight business will be hand
led In the same manner.
The Order of Railway Telegraphers has
about 12.000 members, comprising telegra
phers and station agents on every road In
the United States.
TOPEKA. Kans., Dec. 16.— Should the
Santa Fe officials persist In refusing to ar
bitrate the treaty between It and the Or
der of Railway Telegraphers a systematic
boycott will be sprung by the members
of the order all over the country and an
effort made to bring the road to time by
cutting off Its business.
Santa Fe to Terms.
Strikers Have a Way to Force the
BOYCOTT WILL BE LEVIED.
just as the train was passing. This has
caused the trainmen to be exceptionally
cautious, and in most instances to slow up
when passing block stations, so that then
may be no mistake.
Trains are running nominally on time
to-day, although several were irom fifteen
to thirty minutes late, due to stoppages
along the road for block station signals.
"This thing is grating 1 on our nerves,"
said a trainman to-day. "We can never
tell when the board will be thrown against
us. We want to fp> the difficulty settled
for our own safety." *
ARDMORE, T. T., Dec. 16.— At Dough
erty, ':i. T., to-night unknown persons
smashed the. Santa Fe station windows
with stones and fired on the new operator.
Marshals who were protecting the building
exchanged several shots with the miscre
ants. No one was hurt. •
FIRED ON HEW OPERATOR.
"It is all nonsense. No one knows bet
ter than the trainmen that there Is noth
ing in the operators' strike — not even the
semblance of Justification. I am in very,
close touch with the trainmen of my divi
sion, and to me the claim that they are
seriously in sympathy with the Order of
Railway Telegraphers* strike is superla
tively absurd." /
are coming In and going out In better
shape than before the strike. In most of
our stations operators — as we have found
out slnce,the itrlke began— are more of a
convenience than a necessity. Many of
our old operators, say 90 per cent of them,
would like to come back, and a great
number have asked to come back, but it is
out of the question. In many places, es
pecially at the smaller stations, they are
securing the signatures of patrons of the
road to petitions praying for their rein
statement. The only trouble we are ex
periencing from the strike now Is the
clerical time sacrificed in receiving appli
cations for .reinstatement. We have a
strikers' file In my office, and I will say
to you in all candor that it is the biggest
file -we have at present. The statement
Issued by the strikers that my special was
tied up in Oklahoma for lack of operators
is absolutely false. I had no trouble
whatever and ran on time over the divi
sion; so did the regular trains."
"What about trainmen;, do you expect
them to strike?" Mr. Tlce was asked.
TRAINMEN NOW OFFER TO MEDIATE
THE STRIKE OF THE TELEGRAPHERS
LONDON. Dec. 16.— Dr. Morrison, wiring
to the Times from Peking, says: Li Hung
Chang has wired to Emperor Nicholas (at
the instance of Prince Ukhtomsky) an ex
pression of gratitude for permission to
rule Manchuria under Russian protection.
This permission purports to have come
from the Czar, who Is, of course,, quite
Ignorant of the matter. Prince Ukhtom
sky is leaving Peking within a few days,
his mission having been accomplished.
Telegrams from the north, says the
Shanghai correspondent of the Times,
wiring Saturday, report renewed activity
Manchuria— No Danger of Re
currence of Recent Troubles.
Grateful for Permission to Rule Over
PEKING, Dec 16. — Definite instruc
tions, supplementing yesterday's com
munication from London,' have been ro
celved by Sir Ernest Mason Satow, the
British Minister, and he now demands a
modification of a point in the joint note,
which the foreign envoys generally re
gard as important. This means further
delay, as all the Ministers must com
municate anew with their respective gov
ernments. Just what Is the nature of
the objection raised by Great Britain the
Ministers decline to say, but they ad
mit that the new demand will involve a
great deal more diplomatic procedure.
»
LI HUNG CHANG THANKS CZAR.
Great Britain Makes Demand for
Further Modification.
WILL CAUSE MORE DELAY.
generations still bound the timid Chinese
and deterred them from entering the pal
aces of their former masters. So there
was no one to molest the American. He
had but to make up his mind as to what
he wanted. The sacred tablets of jade
which the Emperor worshiped; the great
Jadestone seals of empire; the most beau
tiful statuette of Buddha; the fifty-eyed
peacock feather of the Emperor, and pri
vate correspondence of the Dowager Tsi
Hsi An, with jewels and bullion were his
selections. All of these he succeeded in
bringing with him from China, and they
are now at his home In Campbell.
NEW YORK. Dec. 16.— Mrs. Amy C. Gll
lig has obtained a divorce from her hus
band. Henry Gillig. Mrs. Gillig is the
daughter of the late Charles Crocker.
Aiirr in-» troops tn« ivaiser ln-
Epected them, sprakir.jr to those who had
been ¦wounded or had received decora
tions, and then addressing all formally.
Mrs. GUlisr Gets a Divorce.
The troops bore the ehct-riddled German
flags which were taken Into action at the
storming of the Taku forts, together with
several captured Chinese flags and guns.
The precession went to tho areenal. where
the Chinese colors were deposited. Every
where the men were greeted with tumult
uous cheering. In front of the arsenal
¦were Emperor William, the A-mpress,
Prince Henry cf Prussia. Prince Rupper
of Bavaria. Count von Bulow. the Impe
rial Chancellor, members of the general
etaff and other persons of hiph rank.
BERLIN, Dec. 16.— A portion of the Ger
man contingent that recently arrived from
China was publicly received here to-day
Jn accordance with the express desire of
Emperor William, great enthusiasm be
ing displayed by the crowds that .ined
the route from the railway station.
Are Greeted by the Kaiser.
with: shot-riddled flags.
G-erman Troops Rsturnine From China
Mrs. Catherine Brice.
NEW YORK. Dec. 16.— Mrs. Catherine
Olivia* Brice, widow. of Calvin; S. Brice.
died .yesterday • • at- her residence on
Fifth avenue of Bright' b disease, aged 60
years.";' . ;
MENLO PARK, Dec. 16.— Michael
O'Keefe," a ¦ pioneer resident of this place,
died at the age of 86 years last ' evening,
after an Illness of two months. Deceased
was the father 'of J.H. O'Keefe, a local
merchant; D. B. O'Keefe, editor of the
Times-Gazette of Redwood City, ¦ and ex-
Assemblyman • James . T. • O'Keefe. an . at
torney of the same place.
"MVa:. Catherinn 'Hrii'ft.
Michael O'Keefe.
SISTER SUPERIOR LORETTO. j
Mourning ilPNotre Dame College at
Marysville.
MARYSVILLE. Dec. 16.— Sister Superior
Loretto of Notre Dame College died here
to-day of pneumonia after an illness of
six days. She was known in the world as
Miss ' Gaffney . of - Los Gatos. ¦:. Sister Lo
retto was a native of ¦. California, .aged 42
years. She had for six years been superior
of Notre Dame College. She was a sister
in-law of Judge Kinkead of Auburn. The
funeral will occur on
PHOENIX, Dec. 16.— James Nevells, an
employe on the McKIttrick ranch near
Wilcox, was to-day crushed to death un
der an old adobe wall. He was tearing
down the wall and Instead of taking the
adobe blocks from the top he tore them
away from the bottom, weakening the
foundation until the heavy structure fell
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Crushed Under a Falling "Wall.
MONTEREY. Dec. 16.— Thomas J. Jones,
a veteran of the civil war and a pioneer
resident of Monterey County, was admit
ted to the County Hospital at Salinas last
week on an order from Supervisor T. J.
Field of this place. Mr. Jones Is 88 years
of age and suffers from acute rheumatism
and senile debility. He goes to the hos
pital according to his own wish rather
than become a burden upon his children.
The case is a pitiful one and Is exciting
much sympathy hereabouts. Jones was
at one time an inmate of the Yountville
Soldiers' Home, but being a member of
the Salvation Army and an ardent tem
perance advocate, he was dissatisfied with
the "army canteen system" as practiced
at that institution, it is said, and left
several months ago.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 16.—A plausible,
well-dressed man answering to the name
of C. M. Meyers visited Sacramento last
week posing as the Inventor and promoter
of a loom to weave wire netting-. He en
tered Into an agreement with Caesar Ro
donl, formerly a real estate man, to travel
with the patent, sell rights, etc.
On Saturday evening Meyers went to
the store of C. P. Nathan & Co. accom
panied by Rodonl and after purchasing
a bill of goods presented a check on the
California State Bank, drawn In his favor
by a mythical person named C. Bailey,
who was supposed to live somewhere in
Yolo County. The firm did not know
Meyers, but Rodonl indorsed the check
with him and he received the change,
something over $100. When it was found
this morning that tho check was a for
gery Meyers had disappeared.
Enters a County Hospital.
Stranger Defrauds Former Real Es
tate Dealer in Sacramento.
WOODLAND, ' Dec. ' 16.—News comes
from Western Yolo that during the thun
der-storm Friday lightning struck and al
most demolished a two-story building be
longing to Mrs. R. B. Nlssen.
Tho storm which began last midnight
and has continued at intervals ever since
was a surprise, as the barometer was as
high as it has been at any time thH
month. The rainfall for the season now
amounts to 8.14 inches.
UKIAH. Dec. 16.—The rainfall last night
at this place, as recorded by Dr. George
McCowen, Government observer, was 1..12
inches, making 13.75 inches for the sea
son. Grass on the ranges Is far, ahead
of what it has been at a corresponding
date for several years. Crops are well
advanced.
_
PASSES A BOGUS CHECK.
Demolished.
STRUCK BY LIGHTNING.
Two-Story Building on a Yolo Ranch
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 16.— Yesterday was
payday throughout this end of the Santa
Fe system. The railroad has for some time
done away with the pay-car system and
has been sending checks to the employes
of the road and the checks are always on
hand' en the 15th of the month following
the month in which they are earned. To
day when "' Operator Clendlnln, who as a
member of the Order of Railway Teleg
raphers i3 out on a strike, applied to the
cashier for hia November check he found
that none had been sent and that his
name did not appear on the payroll for
the month of November, though he had
worked every day of that month and un
til the Sth of this month.
He said to-night that he, with the rest
of the operators, expected that the pay
for the days they had worked during De
cember would be held out. but that he
did not expect it to be eliminated from
the 'payrolls for the month of November.
He telephoned to the headquarters of the
order in Los Angeles and learned that all
the operators there who had gone out had
been treated in the same way.
The operators are Inclined to the opin
ion that the railroad company is taking
this means of crippling them. The only
explanation that can be found here is
that by the agreement of November 15 the
operators at this end of the line were to
receive more pay in the expectation that
all differences had been settled and that
their checks had been made out on the
advanced scale, but that the railroad,
¦when the strike showed that all differ
ences had not been settled, withdrew the
checks for the purpose of making them
out at the older and lower rate.
No Checks for November Services of
the Operators.
THEIR BACK PAY HELT> OUT.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 16.— Consul General
Ho Yow. representative of. the Chi
nese Government on this coast,
casts doubt upon the claim of
rtf;,* Fred Weitzenberg of Campbell
that the great seal of the Chinese em
pire is In the latter's possession. YVeitz
enberg's account of his visit to. the for
bidden city, printed exclusively over his
own signature in The Sunday Call of
November IS, was as romantic as the
legend of Aladdin. He was with the
United States troops en their entry into
Peking- Not being an enlisted man, he
devoted several days to a search for art
curios and treasures. Penetrating to the
very heart of the imperial city he carao
upon what he believes v.as the keeping
place of the great seal. Here he picked
out what he supposed was the great seal,
selecting It Irom a collection of articles
any one of which was worth a fortune in
itself. This ne now lias at, his home in
Campbell. As proof of his story he ex
hibits a beautiful olocn of green jade en
graved v.nh Chinese characters. The
stone is about four inches square, sur
mounted by a handle shaped after a
uragoii. Tnis last ornament alone de
noies that it t>eioi!tjeQ to tne royal house
hold
Consul Ho Yow admits this much, but
no more, and declares positively that it
cannot oe the great Chinese seal. He
also says A\ eitnenoerff would have no
wav or Knowing the seal.
\\ euzt-nberg is confident he Is right,
and believes that tne fact that the seal
is in his possession is the real reason why
edicts issued since the Emperor has lelt
Peking nuve not been engrossed with it.
He values it highly, and expects to ob
tain a fortune lor its return to the Chi
nese Government. ¦
Consul General Ho Tow Is of the belief
that the great seal is with the Emperor
and his retinue in the interior of China.
"If Weitzenberg gained access to tha
imperial palace, as ne claims," said the
consul, "tie may have obtained one of
the seals belonging to the royal family,
but it certainly is not the great seal of
China. That is the last thing the Emperor
would part with. It means his life, his
office, his authority, and he would not be
so tocllsh as to leave it behind when he
tied from the allied forces. All the mem
bers of the Emperor's household have
seals, as do all the gentlemen of China,
and it is probably one of these private
seals Weitzenberg may have obtained.
The great seal is one of the most care
fully guarded treasures in the Chinese
empire. The keeper of the seal is a high
and responsible personage. There are
guards continuously stationed about It,
and these are changed very often, so no
conspiracy could be hatched. If the great
seal is lost or stolen off comes the Keep
er's head, and you may rest assured ho
keeps a careful lookout for it. "When the
Emperor left China the seal undoubtedly
went with him, and the keeper of the seal
is in the Emperor'6 suite. By capturing
the Emperor and his party one might get
the seal, but when the whole court ha»
escaped you can depend upon it. the seal
is with them.
"If the seal has a dragon on the handle
It Is from the royal household, but that
Is no indication that it is the great seal.
The Empress Dowager, the princess of
the royal blood and the Emperor have
private seals. The dragon means royalty.
It may be an office seal Weitzenberg has,
or one of some of person of royal blood.
"It would be Impossible for Weitzenberg
to tell whether it was the royal seal or
not, and it would be impossible for him
to find the way to where it is kept. Not
even the Prime Minister or any of the
royal princes would know where the seal
is kept and could go to the spot unless
conducted there. v
"No, I do no,t believe "Weitzenberg has
the Chinese seal. Any number of seals
are made of green jade. He may have
a collection of clothing and trinkets from
the imperial Palace, but there are wagon
loads of these and they might be easily
obtained."
Ho Yow said the less of the great seal
would make little difference in the work
ings of the empire. An edict could be
issued announcing its loss and another
would > be made. He said if Weitzenbertc
had the seal it was not worth more than
its value for the stone, and he need not
expect the Chinese Government to pur
chase it.
Weltzenberg*s account of his wander
ings in the Chinese capital, as he gave
it to The Sunday Call graphically /de
scribed the events leading to his obtain
ing possession of the supposed great sea!.
For one whole day this Californian had
the forbidden city to himself; free to walk
where he pleased and take what he fan
cied. Peking was full of sharpshooters,
who hid in the roofs and took shots at
all who came within range. The Chinese
and Tartar cities of Peking were thronged
with people, despite the tremendous exo
dus, yet the sacred forbidden city was
empty and silent. Its Tartar masters had
left, but though they had departed, the
fear of them had not. The custom of
The Gneisenau, 'which . 'was built at
Dantzlc in • 1879. was an Iron vessel,
sheathed with wood, and had a displace
ment of 2856 tons. She was 242 feet 9
inches In length and 45 feet 11 inches In
beam, having a mean draft of 19 feet S
Inches and a coal capacity of 400 tons.
The wreck was caused by the vessel
dragging her anchors. She struck the
rocks and sank close to the lighthouse.
The violence of the sea prevented the
rescue of those who sought safety in the
rigging. ;-'
MADRID, Dec. 16.— "WTille the German
training ship Gneisenau was entering the
harbor at Malaga to-day, where she was
putting in to seek shelter from a storm,
she was completely wrecked. Her coni
mander and many of the cadets wei"
drowned. A boat with forty persons in It
left the Wreck and has not since been
heard of. It is feared that It has been
lost; with all its occupants. The Gnei
senau's masts were left projecting above
the water when she settled to the bottom
and many of the officers and cadet*
sought safety In the rigging. Few details
have been received of the loss of the ship.
It Is stated that she was commanded by
Commander Kritchmann and there wera
360 persons aboard her.
The reports of the lo&s of life are con
flicting. The latest vary from forty to
one hundred. -
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
¦ . ¦ , ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call-
Says the Californian May Have Obtained a Royal Signet but
It Was Not the Emperor's Emblem of Authority
Consul General Ho Yow Casts Doubt Upon Fred Weitzen
berg's Story of the Looting of the Forbidden City
SAN JOSE, Dec. 16. — Three tiroes has
Frederick Begerov, the Alvlso ex-Consta
ble, who shot and killed Joseph Cech and
August Bergerat the picnic of" the San
Francisco brewers here on July 15. been
placed on trial for murder without a ver
dict being reached. After more than fifty
hours 1 deliberation the third jury was dis
charged to-day because of Inability to
agree. It stood eight to four for acquittal.
The first trial was suddenly ended by
B. Benjamin, a Juror, leaving for Aus
tralia Just as argument commenced, and
In the second the Jury stood six for man
slaughter and six for acquittal. Be>geroar
probably will be tried again, although an
attempt will be made to have the charge
dismissed on the ground that' It would
be impossible to obtain a conviction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Slayer of Cech and Bsrger May lor
the Fourth Time Be Placed
on Trial for His . ;
Life.
PROSECUTION NOT DISCOURAGED
Bight Jurors Vote lor Ac
quittal and Pour for
Conviction.
THIRD TRIAL OF
BEGEROW ENDS
IN NO VERDICT
LOS AXGELES, Dec. 16.— Louis Arrata.
CO years of age, lies lifeless In the morgue,
)iis daughter is in the county hospital suf
fering from a bullet wound In her right
orn ar.fl City Marrhal M. K. Barrett© is
confinod to his bed ¦with his right arm
scattered by buckshot. Arrata was ac
cuse-d seme time ago of a serious crime,
Ills daughter being the victim, and this
afternoon "'Barretto and Constable
Pritchard started to arrest him at his
Santa Monica home. He resisted, firing
at both mt-n with a Bhotgun, narrowly
xniFEinfir Pritchard and wounding the Sler
i-.'..-.1. An innoevnt Mexican, Frank Ran
crell, who was passing, received several
buckshot in his left leg and arm. but was
:iot seriously wounded.
Arrata then barricaded himself in his
l>eGrooni, and ivhcr. his daughter attempt
's,! to open ths doer he fired through me
jjanel, inflictinc a serious wound in her
arm. Before the door could be forced he
turned the revolver upon himself, receiving
a. wound over the r. : pni ear which stunneu
liiza, liut was not lutal. l > ritcnar«l pos
sessed himself of the revolver and an
ugly looking knife which projected from
the man's pocket and then helped him to
the bed. While sitting en the edge cf the
couch Arrata succeeded in getting an
other revolver from his pocket and L>e
fora the oKcers could reach him he again
ehot himself, the Lullet penetrating the
lieart. He died immediately.
Arrata's three foiip, who are section
employes on the Sania F*<? Railroad, when
inform r-d of his death remarked, simply:
"He is dead. It is well."
The neighbors rejoiced over the fact of
Arrata's OeatJx, as tliey have for several
TK-eeks oper.ly avoved their intention of
lynching him if the authorities did not
take summary ectJcn. Arrata's wife, who
died s^even yf-ars apo, was hi« half-sister.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sends a Bullet Through His Heart
When Officers Break Into
His Barricaded
Boom.
PREFERS -DEATH TO CAPTURE
Santa Monica Criminal
Fires Upon His Own
Daughter.
WOUNDS THREE
PERSON BEFORE
HE IS OVERCOME
GNEISENAU GOES DOWN
IN HARBOR OF MALAGA
German Training Ship Is Wrecked and the
Number of Dead Placed at One Hundred.
Members of Crew Cling to Rigging Until
Exhausted and Drop Into the Water.
PACIFIC GROVE, I>ec. 18.— The local
committee on arrangements for the an
nual encampment of the Grand Army of
California and Nevada, to be held her©
next spring, is in communication with tha
State committee relative to postponing
the date of the encampment from April
to June. 1901. in order to invite President
McKinley to include Pacific Grove In hia
California itinerary.
"Want McKinley to Be Present.
BOISE. Idaho. Dec. 16.— The "Western
Federation of Miners, whose president.
Ed Boyce, resided In North Idaho until re
cently, is a&ltatlKg the question of mak
ing the Chinese exclusion act perpetual.
The provisions of the act become inopera
tive by its own limitation in 1902. Tho
matter will be called to the attention of
Congress.
ern Federation of
Miners.
Agitation Set Afoot "by the "West-
WANTS THE EXCLUSION"
ACT MADE PERPETUAL
Her armament consisted of fourteen 3.3
inch Krupp ¦ breech-loaders, two 3.4-Inch
quick-firers, one boat or field gun end
seven torpedo tubes. Her complement win
461 and she was used for training boya.
BELIEVES CHINA'S GREAT
SEAL WAS NOT STOLEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 17. 1900.
SIR ERNEST MASON SATOW, THE NEW BRITISH MINISTER TO
"CHINA. WHO HAS HAD CONSIDERABLE EXPERIENCE IN HER
• MAJESTY'S DIPLOMATIC SERVICE.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— "Th« American Porter?— The nanie describes
the color but only, one who has tasted It can
describe the flavor. - The perfect production of
the Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass' n.
\J^ FAVORITE
fl FOBWEAS4WOMEM*
JlADWAT'i) BEA.DI KELIE1' has stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years as a
2*&tn KemeCjr. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures sUl Golds, Bore Throats, Influenza. Bron-
ctlt!«, Paeumonla.. RhwmaXlsm, Neuralgia.
2leaw5aeh«, Toothache end all p«.ln. Internally
tor Mid arts «ad all Dowel Pa'.na. All drosrists.
¦^^^^ PAINLESS
j{0£&&ZS^f H EXT n ACT tO IV
f*/l* J? : * ;-' £^^i'M^ Our 55.03 Plctss
'SW* gi;\ GEARY STREET
Between Hyd» and Larkla.
Tteiepnoac Polk 1125.
BRILLIANT'S,
333-342 Post Street.
Near Powell. Open Evenings.
Combination Writing Desk
and Music Cabinet.
Mahogany finish: handsome Inlaid 'work en
Iront. This ¦would be an ornament to jmy
room; also very useful.
COMPLETE HOUSEFURMSHING A
SPECIALTY.
Special Prices for the Holidays.
Free delivery within 200 miles on $23 worth
aad over.
CASH OR CREDIT.
v Give Him an
Christmas is drawing near — it will be here a
week from to-morrow — iow i<= the time to buy the
presents you intend to give. Useful presents are
always the most sensible, and clothing is the most
practical of all sensible gifts. Union-made clothing
is the best for the money of all clothing.
If you want to give a good sensible gift, we
suggest one of our swell union-made overcoats,
which come in all stvles at a great range of prices.
We have a particularly good one for
$10
It comes in black, blue and oxford gray cheviot. In long
stylish lengths, good lining throughout, and the making be-
ing union-miie is of cojrse excellent. If it h preferable to
give a suit instead of an overcoat we are prepared to supply
vou with just what you want as we have a big assortment.
A noticeable value among the suits is our ten dollar serges,
cheviots and worsteds in single and double breasted styles,
which are als-> union-made and first-class.
Christmas Clothes for Boys
Mothers: If you intend to buy the boy a new suit o r
overcoat for Crristmas, remember that we have one entire
floor devoted 10 the finest line of clothing ever shewn west
of Chicago; it' is clothing that we have made ourselves, so
we know of its qualities, which v/j. guarantee. .
The assortment consists of clothes for boys of all ages;
there is also a complete line of children's, boys' and youth's
furnishing goods, hats and cap* at all prices.
Baseball outfit free with every boy's suitor overcoat.
Santa Claus has plentv of candy for the little folks
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
718 Market Street.
y^^^^y*^Ws^BPf^BBMWs»^^SF'^sfisWK^.''iijJr>t f% j^"lThe thing that troubles Kitchener is that. whenever
he has his men posted so as to head off a Boer com
mando the Boers walk up and capture the post and
take the men along with them.
It looks as if we were going to have a good old
California winter again with plenty of water in the
lowlands for, Venetian carnivals and plenty of snow in
the mountains for toboggan slides, so let us all be
merry.
According to a Chicago paper that keeps a record
of such things, there are about 10,000 -murders
committed in the United States every year. It has
published a list of the number in each State for the
last decade and credits, or discredits, California with
422 of them, being the largest number of any single
State except New York, which had 512, and Texas,
having 1021. It will be seen that. we do not make in
this country anything like as frequent use as we should
of one of the best products of hemp.
.ACTION FOR WAGES-J. B., City. In
an action for 'wages in a Justice Court,
should the plaintiff recover judgment, he
la allowed his costs, but not his counsel
ftreB.
SOUTH AFRICA— R. B. and Mrs. L.,
City. The 'British flag waves in South
Africa over every part that is under Brit
ish rule and in the possession of the Brit
ish army. On the llth of November, 1900,
the date of your letter of inquiry, the
Boer flag waa still waving in South Af
rica.- ...
FINES IN THE ARMT-Ex-soldlers,
City. The War Department did not issue
an order to the effect that all fines Im
posed for petty - offenses on all soldiers
who enlisted for the Spanish-American
war should be'remitted. Money held out
of soldiers' pay for fines and covered in
the United States Treasury cannot be
withdrawn on an order of the "War De
partment It requires an act of Conirres3
to do that,, and no such act has been
passed. There was during the latter part
of 1898 at the _ Philippines an order that
certain money fines be remitted because
the summary court-martial that tried the
offenders had not been legally consti
tuted. The order went out, but none of
the men ever got any of the money back.
MAMMOTH TANK RIOT— M. P.. Oak
land, Cal. The riot between officers of
Yuma County and some 200 Mexican la
borers at Mammoth Tank, near San Di
ego, occurred on the 25th of October, 1897.
CAPTAIN CLARK— W. M. W.. Alame
da. Cal. Captain Charles E. Clark, who
was in command of the Oregon, has not
been on the active service Jist since he be
came ill many months ago.
THE RtTSSIAN RIVER— A. S., City.
The Russian River in Sonoma County is
at the highest generally in January, after
the second rains of the season. The time
seldom varies from year to year.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
Henry Miller Says "It Is the Only
•Way."
The traveling public says "the only way" is
the "Overland Limited," leaving San Francisco
daily at 10 a. m. via Central Pacific, Union Pa
cific and Chicago and Northwestern railways
and running through to Chicago without change
in less than three days. Only four days to New
York or Boiton.
Let us sell you a ticket East via Portland.
Tccoma and Seattle. Dining cars, tourist
s'eepers and observation cars on the fastest
and finest trains in the West. Through tourist
sleeping car San Francisco to St. Faul every
Wednesday evening. This car is elegantly up
holstered In dark-green library leather, has 15
factions, double windows, steel platforms, ven
tilation perfect, all appointments equal to a
farst-class hotel. T. K. Statsler, Gen. Ast.
Northern Pacific Hy.. 63S Market St.. San Fran
c'. S co.
Through the Great North-wrest.
It is now certain Alden Anderson will
be re-elected Speaker of the Assembly
by the unanimous consent of the Repub
licans. Assemblyman Dunlap of San Joa
quin, who was prominently mentioned as
a candidate for Speaker, has withdrawn
from the race and has made the
following explanation regarding the step
taken: "I decided to withdraw from the
contest because I believe that harmony
will be promoted by the election of Mr.
Anderson. His fairreas and ability as a
presiding officer, as shown in the last reg
ular and in the extra session of the Leg
islature, entitle him to recognition. He
1g impartial and capable, and there is a
strong sentiment throughout rhe State in
favor cf electing him Speaker for a full
term."-Solano County Courier.
ANDERSON TO WIN.
The coming century is going to be a Pacific Ocean
century. The greatest events of its course will occur
in the struggle for supremacy on this ocean. San
Francisco, therefore, should welcome it with more
than ordinary rejoicing.
Some of these forms of marking the close of the
century might be undertaken in San Francisco. It is
too late to organize a carnival, and nobody desires
one, but it is not too late to arrange for concerted ac
tion in street decoration and a general illumination by
night. ;»r ;
In Baltimore, for example, we learn from the Amer
ican, the Retailers' Association has come to the front
with suggestions for the celebration, and while these
include carnival features, they might be made effec
tive without that form of parade. They include the
ringing of all the bells in the city, a liberal display of
buntuig, the unfurling of Old Glory on every house
top, the general illumination of all public and com
mercial buildings, certain streets to be given to a car
nival parade, the furnishing of music by brass bands
and such trade displays and transparencies as will be
most fitting on the occasion, with addresses at appro
priate places by prominent speakers.
In some of the Eastern cities there are to be fes
tivals accompanied by street pageants. These we ia
fer will be something like the carnivals which hav
become so common ir all parts of the country. In
others there is to be nothing of that kind, but in place
of it a sort of public demonstration of rejoicing car
ried out upon a scale of greater dignity and magni
ficence than that of the annual celebration.
IZZJROM our Eastern exchanges we karn that con-
I sidcrable preparations are being made for the
celebration of the opening of the new century
in almost all of the larger cities of that section of the
country. . It is recognized that the anniversary shouid
i"Ot be left to such celebration as comes at every New
Year's day with a horn-blowing frolic. Something
more should be done to mark the close of the most
marvelous century of human history and the opening
of one so promising ?.s that which awaits us.
TO WELCOME THE CENTURY.
The spirit of reform is in the air. Even the barbers
are preparing for presentation to the Legislature a
bill 'Which will force members of their craft to know
their business before they practice upon an unoffend
ing public.
TRADE OF A HOLIDAY CHARACTER.
BUSINESS all over the country continues of a
holiday character. It is still better in the West
and on the Pacific Coast than in the densely
populated sections along the Atlantic seaboard. At
the same time country collections are everywhere re
f orted good and there has been a fair increase in the
holiday trade. The failures for the week were 240.
against 218 for the con esponding week last year, and
cs some of them fell heavily in New York that city
1-ac felt the strain somewhat, particularly in textile
There is nothing of importance new in the leading
ftaples. Weakness in the English cotton market
caused heavy selling en the New York Cotton Ex
change and prices declined. Wool remains quiet.
Hides have been easy for some time. Provisions have
chown more tendency to fluctuate of late, but were
somewhat quieter at the close, with not much varia
tion in prices. Wheat continues unsettled, but the tone
seems rather better, stocks at central points being less
excessive and more manageable. Quotations, however,
show little change from day to ddy. >
There was more activity in Wall street and toward
the close of the week the feeling changed from de
pression over the hardening of the money market to
cne of buoyancy and confidence, as the drain of the
tub-treasury on the banks, which had been cutting
into their surplus reserves, was more than offset
by an influx of over $4,000,000 from some mysterious
source. This eased things off at once and an active
buying demand set in. restoring confidence. It was
the theory that this influx of funds was due to the im
pending payment of the Standard Oil dividend, which
amounted to $10,000,000.
A feature of the week was the issuance of a state
ment by the Bureau of Statistics showing that our ex
ports to Germany had increased about $27,000,000, or
sbout 20 per cent, during the first ten months of the
calendar year, while our imports from that country
increased $8,000,000, or over 10 per cent. This s,how
ing is especially gratifying, as it had been feared that
German restrictions on our exports might cause a de
crease in our business with that nation.
The local situation shows very little change. Timely
rains continue to facilitate farm work and inspire the
commercial community with confidence. Collections
sre at least average and there is plenty of money for
fclvent borrowers at regular rates. In fact, the diffi
culty is often to find the borrower, and there are large
blocks of capital available on first-class security. .
Produce and merchandise show little variation.
Fluctuations in the latter are infrequent and narrow,
as usual during the closing weeks of the year. The
markets will probably grow duller from now until the
beginning of the new year, when a gradual improve
ment may be looked for.
CRETAN EXPLORATIONS
y\y>l R. LOUIS DYER of Oxford, who recently
/ \ came from England to deliver the Phebc
* * Hearst lectures in archaeology at the Univer
sity of California, is now assisting in the work of
raising funds to carry on the Cretan explorations in
the town of Knossos and the Dictaean Cave of Zeus.
As a good deal of interest was shown in this work
by the persons who heard Mr. Dyer's lectures at
Berkeley he has naturally turned to us for contribu
tions to the fund. It appears the demand for contribu
tions in Great Britain for various war funds andrthe
Indian famine fund has made it difficult to obtain there
the sums needed for prosecuting the explorations^ and
i« is for that reason American help is asked. The
work, of course, interests archaeologists of all coun
tries and President Wheeler of the University of Cali
fornia has indorsed the request of Mr. Dyer by the
statement: "The Cretan exploration fund is a cause
worthy of all honor and respect." An}' contributions
to the fund sent to Mr. Louis Dyer, care of the
Macmillan Company, New York, will be highly ap
nrccintcd.
Once more we remind you that California goods
•or California buyers is the proper motto for the holi
3ay season or a.ny ether season.
POPULAR MAJORITIES.
THE full vote of the States, cast at the November
election, is counted. The totals of States, and of
the Union, are interesting; but the details, the
county and local votes, are surprising. In the North
ern States the reversal of partisan attachment by
counties and communities is marvelous.
The Southern Illinois counties, the Egypt of that
State, which were Democratic from territorial days
until 1896, emphasized this year their reversal of four
years ago. Then for the first time they gave Repub
lican majorities, but now it was expected that they
would return to their moorings. It was believed that
they were influenced in Bryan's first campaign by the
prestige of General Palmer, to whom they had always
manifested the same good feeling they had toward
Douglas. But Palmer was dead before this year's
election and it was expected that with his spell off
them they would again follow the Democratic nam?
and enter the Bryan camp. But they did not.
Wherever, in other Northern States, Bryan had a
lecal majority it was greatly less than the former
party vote. The Democratic decrease and Republican
increase in the vote are more evenly distributed over
the States than in 1896, showing a more general con
viction that Bryan is not to be trusted in the Presi
dency, now or ever. Of course, a considerable per
centage of the changes are permanent additions to the
Republican party, due to conversion to its public poli
cies and its principles. Other changes were made with
a view of killing Bryanism in the hope of a resurrec
tion of the old Democratic party. So there existed for
a long time the "Silver Gray Whigs," who hoped that
the party of Clay and Webster would reappear, though
they knew not in what form it would come nor in
what body it would be clothed. No man can predict
in. what form an opposition may appear nor the point
in the political horizon at which it will rise.
•The popular vote is a final verdict on the Bryan
idea, against its leaders and in condemnation of all its
works. The conditions this year seemed more favor
able than ever for the success of that idea, but it
failed — failed worse in its year of strength than in that
of its weakness. President McKinley • received the
largest popular plurality ever given to a candidate for
the Presidency. In i860 Mr. Lincoln had a popular
plurality over Douglas of 491,195, and in 1864 over
McClcllan of 407,342.
; Since the war period the pluralities have been as
follows:
lvS-Grant ;...". 308C84
1ST?— <3rnnt ..763,007
1S76— Tilden ....~ 264 293
18S0— GarfieM 9.464
18S4— Cleveland , 23!o03
. 1SSS— Harrison 100^76
1892 — Cleveland ;.....:.. ........ 2S0 9«1
lSt«— McKInley 602]553
1S0O— McXlnley 812,725
The verdict is the rr-ost decisive ever rendered by
the American people end should settle for all time the
"When the contracts for torpedo-boat de
stroyers and torpedo-boats have all been
The five battleships for which bids were
opened at Washington December 7 laJt
are to have twin-screw, four-cylinder,
triple expansion engines of 19,000 horse
power." The cylinders* will be 35, 57 and
66 inches in diameter, by 43 Inches stroke.
The revolutions are given at 120. which
will give a piston speed of 960 feet per
minute. There will be twenty-four water
tube boilers, the type to be selected by
the contractors, and are likely to be either
Babcock & Wilcox or Nlclausse, or some
similar type with straight tubes. They
will be located In four firerooms and are to
have an aggregate grate surface of 12SD
square feet and 65,000 square feet of heat
ing surface. The working steam pressure
will be 263 pounds, and the total weight
of all machinery, boilers, water and spare
parts Is limited to 1793 tons.
The new royal yacht Victoria, and Al
bert is ordered to be ready for service In
May next, but neither the Queen nor the
Prince of Wales is likely to us© the ves
sel. The yacht has the reputation of be
ing unlucky. It is stated that the Prince
of Wales, when he recently inspected the
vessel, expressed the hope that she would
not be ready in his time, and the Duke of
Tork is also said to have flatly ref used to
go to Australia in her. The yacht, as
finally completed, is perfectly seaworthy
and speedy, but her reputation is bad.
and royalty and shellbacks appear to be
possessed of the same kind of unreason
able superstition. v ; : .
The Belleville boiler appears to be
doomed in the British navy, judging from
continued mishaps to ships and unfavor
able reports as to the working of this type
under service conditions. Trie cruiser
Hermes, only twelve months on the North
Atlantic station, has been ordered to re
turn home owing to difficulties expe
rienced with her boilers. Another cruiser
of the same class, the Hyacinth, con
sumed such an extraordinary quantity of
coal during a recent trial as to necessitate
her detention at the dockyard to ascertain
the causes for the great discrepancy be
tween the latest and a former trial.
Three torpedo-boat destroyers building
in France for the Russian navy are 185
feet in length, 19 feet beam and of 312 tons
displacement on 19 feet draught. Their en
gines are to develop 4730 horsepower, to
give a speed of 25 knots, and the cost of
each boat is $257,000. The contract cost of
the Stringham, built at Wilmington, Del.,
for the United States navy, is $236,000. and
the boat Is forty feet longer, twenty-eight
tons greater displacement and four knots
more speed than the Russian boats.
• • •
A curious and rather costly accident be
fell the British cruiser Spartiate on Xo
vember 15 whilo on her commission trial, j
The ship in turning to retrace her course [
ran into shoal water, of which fact the
engineers were not notified. Some of the
shaft-bearing showed signs of heating,
and the engineers sucked up water to
flood the bearings. The trouble was made
worse, however, for the water drawn from
a shallow depth contained a lot of sand,
which speedily injured the bearings to a
fusing point through friction, and the trial
had to be" terminated at once.
The Superior Council in the Italian navy
has approved of plans for several 12.000
ton battleships, to carry two 12.6-inch
guns in turrets forward and aft. twelve
~.S7-lnch in side turrets, and twelve 12
pounders and twelve 6- pounders.
The French Minister of Marine will ask
for a naval appropriation of 323.2S6.633
francs for the ensuing fiscal year, an in
crease of 14,913,198 francs over the present
allowance.
The Niclausse boiler is receiving favor
able consideration in several navies. It Is
to be Installed in the Japanese cruiser
Yayeyama. built in 1SS9.
Two German fourth-class cruisers, the
Ariadne and the Amazon, have been
launched at Bremen and Kiel, respect
ively.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
Isabel Preston— I beg her pardon: I
should say Mrs. Len D. Owena— planned
every one of those delightful details that
Work similar to that the belles and Red
Cross ladles are dolnK for the soldiers the
board of managers of the Armitage Or
phanage at San Mateo ia getting ready
to do for its charges. In the cause of
the orphans Mrs. Austin "lubbs, Mrs.
Henry T. Scott, Mrs. E. Duplessis Beylard
and Mrs. \V. B. Hooper are directing their
best efforts and I am confident the or
phans' Christmas tree will be a sight
worth seeing. All who want to help make
that tree a success can send their contri
butions to Mrs. Hooper at the Occidental
Hotel.
street and Van Ness avenue,
and that lady will see that It reaches
the Presidio in time to adorn the big
Christmas tree.
MISS KATHERINE DILLOX. ONE
OF SOCIETY'S FAIR CHARITY
WORKERS.
Photo by Taber.
In fact, the practice of pensioning is growing apace
in this country and needs a little wholesale restraint.
If we once begin pensioning ex-Congressmen there
is no telling where we will stop. It appears well as
sured the Boutelle bill will pass and the country, in
remembrance of his service and in sympathy with his
great affliction, will doubtless approve the action: but
all the same there will be a demand that Congress take
notice the case is not to serve as a precedent.
There is another consideration. Why should a man
be pensioned for service in Concress? Our Congress
men arc well paid. In the years of the long session
they serve about six months. In the years of the short
session they serve less than four 'months. Thus in two
years they do about ten months' work and receive
$io,ooo. besides mileage and perquisites. On that
salary each of them can live and each can insure his
life if. he choose to do so. It would seem, therefore,
that no just claim can' be made for a pension for Con
gressional service under any consideration.
The arguments against the bill are not so attractive 1
to the. sympathies of the heart as are those in favor
of it. They are the hard arguments of justice. A man
who left the navy thirty-five years ago has no right
to claim equal privileges with those who have served
the nation at sea during all that time. He has had a
chance to provide for his private fortune while they
have not; and it would be unfair to them if he should
now be ranked amontj them as if he, like them, had
remained with the flag steadfastly and had no other
thought than the naval service.
The. sentimental arguments in favor of the plan are
apparent. Here is a statesman who in his devotion to
public duty has neglected to make any provision for
his old age. He is now suffering from an affliction
that threatens to leave him helpless for the rest of his
life. Why should not a rich and grateful nation pro
vide a pension for him?
The facts are these: Boutelle, after a short service in
the navy, left it nearly thirty-five years ago and de
voted himself to politics. His career as a member of
the House of Representatives has been distinguished
and useful to his constituents and to the nation. Re
cently his health broke down and his mind failed. He
has no private income. His constituents re-elected
him to Congress notwithstanding the fact that his
mental state is such as to leave little hope that he will
ever be able to take his seat. It is desired by his
friends that a pension be provided for him and they
have hit upon the scheme of placing him on the list
of retired captains of the navy for that purpose.
AN interesting question, in which sentimental
considerations are strong on one side and jus
tice and precedent are equally strong on the
other, is now before the country for discussion. A
bill is before the House authorizing the appointment
of Congressman Boutelle to the position of captain on
the retired list of the navy, and the question is
whether the passage of the measure would be a com
mendable act of public gratitude or a legislative out
rage.
A MATTLR OF ScNTIMENT
MONDAY , DECEMBER 17. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AI! Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MA* ACER'S OFFICE...... ..Te^phone^eM^M
l'LBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone I'reH HOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. ... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
DrllTrrrd »»tt Orriem. 15 Crntn Per "Weelc
Stnsrle Copln, S Cent*.
Term* by Mull. Including Postage!
DArLT CALL <inclu<31=£ Sunday), one year W.03
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). « month» 1. 09
X>ATLT CALL (Including Sunday). 1 month* ...'. 1-00
ZJAILT CALL—By Single Month •• •*>
MTCDAT CALL. Oce Tear *- M
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear I- 08
111 podmsttera «rr »iiifl«orf *ed to receive
unliNoripilun«.
Basiple ccplw wUi be forwarded when requested.
Vail eubseribrrs In ordering <-hanr« of h<J<5t!=« should t-e !
partleclaj- to g1v« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS }n order
! to Jaeure a procapt and correct compliance with the! • request. ;
< AlvLANU OFFICE 111S Bnadwar
C GEOttGE KltOCSESS.
Wanager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Loej Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
KEXT TORK CORRESPOST3ENT:
C- C CARLTOX. Herald SqnaTe
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PTEPHEX IS. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldtns:
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Walocrf-Artorta Hotel; A. Brent&no, a* Union equar*:
itorray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS ETANIM3:
Eherman House; P. O. Nrwi Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHnfCTOX <T>. C.) OFFICE. . . . 14OO O St.. tt. IV.
BIORTOX E. CHAN 12, Correapandrnt.
BRAXCII OFFICES— £27 Montgomery, corner of Clar. open
ontll »:S9 o'clock. 300 Hayes, upen until 9:30 o'clock. €33
McAllister, open until »:S0 o'clock. 615 Larkln. r.pen unt:l
• ;S0 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. CC*il Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1CVS Valencia, oprn
until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty- second and Kentucky, open until 3 o'clock.
A. Godbe. a banker of Ensenada, Mex.,
and also United States Vice Consul at
that place, accompanied by his wife and
daughter, Is a guest at the Grand.
George B. Sperry, the flour, manufactur
er. Is here from Stockton and has regis
tered at the Occidental.
J. R. Foster, a Marysville hotel man. is
at the Lick.
F. C. Saucier, a Vacavlfle merchant. Is
at the Lick.
E. N. Tapscott, a merchant of Red Bluff,
is at the Grand.
Judge E. CV Hart of Sacramento is a
guest at the Grand.
Thomas Delahanty, a Glbsonville at
torney, i- at the Russ.
C. H. Fcote, a Kellogg merchant, is
registered at the Russ.
J. S. Coulter, a Los Angeles oil man,
is staying at the Russ.
Charle3 G. Webber, a St. Louis capital
ist, is stopping at the Palace.
Sam Mattheus, a Salinas cattle man,
is among the guests at the Russ.
N. S. Bate?, a wealthy Chicago mer
chant, is registered at the Palace.
Robert F. Harrison, an oil man of Los
Angeles, is registered at the Palace.
Mr. ami Mrs. Burton Darling of Wash
ington, D. C.» are at tho California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
There is nothing selfish about this
splendid band of workers and they are
not only glad but anxious to let all who
will share with them the happiness of do
ing good. Now, all who want to share in
this Joy can send donations of any kind
to Mrs. Merrill at her home, corner of
Of course Mrs. Merrill Is the head and
front of the Red Cross ladies and working
v.-lth her are Mrs. F. G. Sanborn, Mrs.
Louis Sloss, Mrs. Smedberg, Mrs. Elder,
Mrs. Martiny and Mrs. Madden.
I am sure no society girl can be doing
more for the soldier boys' Christmas tree
than Delia Mills, and she has the assist
ance of Charlotte Cunningham, Mae Col
burn. Klla O'Connor, Tiny O'Connor,
Maud Mulling, Mrs. Linda H. Bryant.
Charlotte Ellinwood, Leontine Blakeman,
Marie Wileon, Mamie Polhemus and Polly
Dunn.
Mrs. Kerwin, Colonel Girard's pretty,
blue-eyed, dimpled daughter, lies awake
nights, I am told, planning all sorts of
things for the enjoyment of the soldiers.
But she Is not the only one at the post
who is doing that. In the same boat with
her are Mrs. Cochrane, Miss Davis, Miss
Nanle Marshall, Mrs. Gardner of Fort
Black, Mis* Lally, Miss Brown, the
Misses Marshall, Miss Anderson, Mrs. Et
tinge and Miss McFarland.
The ladies of the Presidio have joined
hands with the belles in the splendid work
and the ladies of the Red Cross, as was
to be expected, are doing their share,
too.
1 have never seen the girls take hold
of anything as they have of this fete, that
is going to make the boys happy who gave
their health to their country. The girls
are working like Trojans. They have
bunched themselves into committees; they
have put all their spare money — and
sometimes more than they can spare— into
the purchase of useful gifts. They have
gone around and asked their friends to
help them be kind. And they have, with
their own fair hands, been making warm
and comfortable clothing for the poor,
sick, brass-buttoned boys. On Christmas
eve they are going out to the Presidio
to gather around a magnificent tree all
ablaze with red, white and blue lights,
and from its generous branches they are
going to gather gifts for all the boys.
After the tree has been stripped, they are
going to break up into happy little
bunches and bring a goodly share of this
world's comforts to the bedside of each
and every poor boy who la either too ill
or too weak to leave his cot. Then they
are going to pas3 around refreshments
and sing and recite and do anything that
they can think of that Is calculated to
make the soldiers glad.
The njrst thought of the charitable has
turned, naturally, to the soldiers. Colonel
Girard was the first to set the kind ball
a-rolllng. He turned It In the direction
of his boys In blue, and I stand ready to
wager that the coming Christmas eve at
the Presidio is going to be one of those
events that help make history.
IT Is all charity now with tho iovous
Christmastide approaching, and, buds
and belles and matrons are working
with might and main, so that those
less fortunate than they may not feel
rthat unfortunate fact on" the blessed
Christmas day.
filled the United States will have sixteen
of the former and thirty-sir of the latter
named types. They will be completed
within the next twelve months, and it is
rot likely that any more will be built, ex
cept perhaps In the event of war. Hun
dreds of these experimental naval Tessela
have been bnilt for the world's navies,
but their utility has not been demon
strated. The modern quick-firing guns
and the electric searchlight has tended to
decrease the danger from torpedo-boat at
tacks. Besides they are expensive to build,
and with all the care bestowed upon tho
frail hulls and delicate machinery are lia
ble to fail when most wanted. The pass
ing of this type of war vessel will be
hailed with much satisfaction by officers
and men.
astonished and pleased the guests at her
wedding. I am sure no one ever saw or
thought of anything cuter than thoso
flower muffs the bridesmaids carried.
And their hats! And their gowns I Stun
ning, all and all— the product or tho
bride's fertile and artistic brain. Talking
of the wedding. I have been told that tho
prettiest of the bride's attendants and
one of the ushers are busying their heads
over flower muffs and similar things. It
may not be true, but I am going to b© on
the safe side and save up to get an en
gagement cup worthy the beautiful bride
to ho
There Is some diversity of opinion as to
•Who was the prettiest girl at the Preston-
Owens wedding. Some want to give tho
palm to Kernie Drown and others apain
hold it out to Therese Moryin. I myself
am not prepared to offer an opinion on at>
ticklish a subject. Uernie Drown always
looks well. A girl with such a dazzling
complexion Just can't help It. Therese on
that day wore pink. A. pink gown, cling
ing round her splendid figure and a pink
hat, all of fluffy tulle, percced at exactly
the proper angle en top cf her golden
pompadour roll. However, I cannot de
cide who was the prettiest. I can cer
tainly tell who was the meat stunning—
Bessie Ames. Bessie wore a flowing: red
gown. The skirt was trailing and cling
ing and the corsage had just the proper
dash of white at tho neck and wrists. A
black hat, turned off tho face, went frlto,
the costume. « . •
HIMegaxde SIcKenna Is now a full
fledged "Washington bud. When I write
such things I can't help thinking
how quickly time does fly. When
the McKennas left here for the nation's
capital Marie, who is now a belle of two
seasons, was wearing a pigtail down her
back and Hlldegarde— why. her frocks
did not more than cover her knees. Isa
bel is the only one of the McKeana girls
we girls knew, and If Marie and Hllde
garde are one-half as charming as their
Bl3ter It is plain to see how they will be
petted and feted.
« • •
Peter Martin Is homo one© again, and
maybe the girls are not glad. Say what
you will, if for any reason whatsoever
San Francisco should have th© misfortune
.to lose Peter there would be no one who
could take his place. There is no one in
the exclusive set so gallant as Peter.
There is no one so courteous, and surely
there is no one so generous. Do you hear
the chorus behind now charting 1 . "So say
we all of us"? Here's to Peter: May no
always be with us. And may some sweet
girl lead him off in triumph to the tuna
of Wagner or Mendelssohn.
• • •
I saw the safe that went into the new
home that is being built for the Floods
out on Broadway, and my, wasn't it a
startler! It was bis enovgh to do honor
to any prosperous banking concern. It
does not take a mathematical turn 0*
mind to get a sort of an idea, judging by
the size of the safe, how much silver 13
going to be stored away in its Iron
depths. My! but I can't wait until that
house is finished Won't there be gay do
ings, don't ycu think?
BY SALLY SHARP.
SOCIETY: DRESSING AN XMAS TREE
FOR BOYS IN BLUE.
Students of American politics will find much room
for useful study of this situation. No party in our
history has reached such a high mark of popular ap
proval as the Republican party. This was attained in
the face of a fusion and combination of all its op
ponents. Whence is to come the power that can over
throw it?
In 1872 the restrictions on the ballot in Missouri
and other Southern States outlawed from the polls
hundreds of thousands of votes that would have been
cast against Grant, to the reduction of his popular
plurality. Had those votes been cast it would have
been less than McKinlcy's.
If conditions were equalized with the Grant cam
paign of 1872 it would appear that Bryan has-been
twice beaten by a larger plurality than any other can
didate of a great party since the beginning of the
Government.
novelties which appeared in the platforms of Chicago
and Kansas City.
It is to be one of the happiest Christmases this
country has known for many years. There is no rea
son why it should be marred in any way. It will bo
pleasant in every respect for all who keep these rules;
Remember the poor, patronize home industries, and
shop early.
All persons who can do their shopping in the early
part of the day should do so. That is one of the
Christian courtesies of the Christmas season. • Bear
in mind that at the close of day all the host of tired
workers are on their way home, and that there is
barely sufficient streetcar accommodation for their
needs. Therefore all who can get home before the
6 o'clock rush should do so. The evenings should be
left as far as possible to working men and working
women, who, being employed all day. have no other
time in which to do their shopping. Let us make
way for one another. Something of a moral wrong
is committed when persons who can do their shopping
early just as well as not postpone it and then crowd
others who have only the evenings at their disposal.
Finally, do your shopping as early in the week and
as early in the day as possible. The brilliant display
of beautiful things in the shop windows and the won
derful array of stocks advertised in The Call show
that the stores for this week will be as attractive as
any expositions ever held. The temptation to delay
purchasing and to wander from store to store in
search of princely gifts at petty prices will be great:
but that temptation must be put away. Get your busi
ness done promptly. The first comer gets first choice.
That which pleases you to-day may be sold to-mor
row. If you wait to the last you will have to make
your selections in "the confusion of a great hurry, but
now you can use your leisure and choose wisely.
To patronize home industries is the wisdom of
patriotic citizens. In some respects that is even better
than charity, for it encourages self help and thrift
and builds, up industries that, growing from more to
more, will eventually give employment to thousands
and advance our people in all lines of artistic en
deavor. There is no necessity for us to go to France
or Germany or even to the Eastern States of our own
country for Christmas goods. California with her
manifold resources lacks nothing that the heart can
desire in the way of luxury or beauty. The elements
of all good things arc here and all that we need to
do is to encourage those of our neighbors who have
the taste, the talent, the skill and the energy to work
the raw material up into the forms that arc neces
sary to enjoyment. In all the shopping of the week,
therefore, remember that where other things are equal
California goods should have the preference when you
come to make your purchases.
-Few. words will be needed to remind (^alifornians
to set apar,t some portion of the Christmas funds for
the benefit of the poor. We have very little of that
dire poverty found in the older States of the Union
and among the peoples of Europe. Compared with
those of other lands the desolate, homes in California
are few and far between.- It will be, therefore, an easy
task for us to provide a merry Christmas for all so far
as merriment can be furnished by human liberality.
Let each citizen who has been blessed with fair far
tune give a little for the orphans and the poor; and
Christmas day will bring joy to every home in the
State.
There are three rules to be observed in the rush of
the shopping: First, remember the poor; second, pat
ronize home industries, scatter the beautiful products
of California far and wide through the East; third, do
your shopping early nnd avoid the rush of the closing
days.
y~»HRISTMAS shopping, has been briskly
1 skirmishing through jhc city ever since Thanks-
giving, will begin in earnest to-day. It will be
a week of joyous bustle and merry business. There
will be a rush all along the streets, and in the stores
there will be jostling and crowding, but there will
be no ill temper in the crowds, for all will be glad
with the spirit of the happy season.
CHRISTMAS SHOPPING.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER IT, 1900.
I- X i GAT SEASON la promised at Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado. Cal.. this winter with a
Jolly houseful;' an expert golt tournament. m««t
ing o( fltld trials club, hunting, flshlnc, boat-
Ing, (Janclnf, etc. ¦
4
If the milk is scanty or poor,
the emulsion increases, supply
and enriches quality.
"WVU »end yen m little to tTjr if you ITk«
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 fuel lUset, New York
food itself; it gives strength
for digesting usual food.
NURSING MOTHERS
//ant Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil, almost without ex-
ception. So before they get
to be mothers, eating for two
is no small tax, continued for
months.
The emulsion not onlv is
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I -wouldn't be guilty of doing a favor
for a man and then. In a day or two, ask-
ing him to do me one."
"No, nor I: I'd ask him right straight
off, before his gratitude get3 a chance to
cool." — Indianapolis Journal.
Gentleman— See here! I'm not gnlng to
pay any such rates as you charge. Do
you think I'm a fool?
Cabman (apologetically)— "What else
could I think, sir, when you took a cab
instead of a street car?— New Tork Week-
ly.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping 1 Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont,
goraery Bt. Telephone Main 1042. ,«,• •
Townsend's California glace fruita, BOc a
pound. In fire-etched boxes cr Jap. .bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Time to express Townsend's California
place fruits to your Eastern friends. •
Townsend'3 famous broken and plain
mixed candy. 2 lbs. 25c. 633 Market street. •
Thousands of pounds of California fflace
fruits all ready for shipping. TownsentJ'a.*
Ex. strong noarhound candy. Townsend's*
Choice candies. Townsend'3, Palace Hotel.*
AMUSEMENTS.
Alhassbra — "Carroen."
California — "Ole Olecn."
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "A Tale of Two Cities."
Aleaxar— "Madame Butterfly."
Columbia — "The Duke's Jester."
Tlveli— "Cinderella." .
Olyrapla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
••eclE*. •
Fischer* »— Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park— Races to-day.
AUCTION SftTiTlR.
By EiSward S. Spear & Co.— Thursday, Friday and Satur-
Cay, at 11 o'clock a_ m.. at 21-33 Sutter etreet. Books.San Francisco Assembly. United Artlsians,
elected the following named by acclamation:
A. C. Jackson, master artisan; J. Dagneao.
superintendent : Dr. A. L. Mahew, '. Inspector;
B. M. Korh. secretary; "W. V. Koch, -treasurer;
B. L. Hoffman, senior, and E. L. French, . Ju
nior conductor; ; J. G. Kohler, master of cere
monies: Dr. Frank R. Starr, medical examiner;
A. O. Hoffman and M. E. - Hoffman, field oocn
manders. ,...:•*.
La Estrella Parlor of tho Native Daughters
of the Golden West has elected Mrs. E. Thler
bach. president: Dr. L. Boldemann. Miss K.
Klevesahl and Mrs. A. Nichols, vice presidents;
Mrs. M. Katz, marshal; Miss A. Mander, re
cording secretary; Mrs. H. Hall, financial sec
retary: Miss M. Johansen, Mlsi A. Boldemann
and Miss B. Mclnerney, trustees; Miss H. Bel
lo. inside, and Miss B. Plats, outside sentinel;
Dr. L. Boldemann, physician, and Miss M.
Hanley. organist. ¦
Court Magnolia. Foresters of America, has
elected A. Karskl C. R. ; A. May, S. C. R. ;
J. E. Anderson. T. ; Ralph Davis, F. S. ; M.
Bloom. R. S. ; H. W. Friedman, S. W.; D. T.
Griffith. J. W.; E. Isaacs, 8. B.; S. Hartman,
J. B. ; C. L. Scharff, trustee; Dr. A. Nusbaum,
physician, and F. S. Gunn. captain of ' the
guard.
Court Hayes Valley. Foresters of America,
has elected Louis 8. Gosllner C. R.: J. A. Mc-
Donald, B. C. R.: I. Levy, T.; J. W. Colcman,
F. S.; P. Gerathy. R. 8.; M. Meahan. 8. W.;
J. A. Kelly. S. B. ; J. Best," J. B. : J. Hellfrom,
J. Ramsey and J. A. Kelly, trustees. M. Ro
senthal will become the past chief ranger.
California Hive of the Ladles of the Macca
bees has elected Helen E. Pumphrey lady com
mander; Mrs. M. Harmon, lieutenant com
mander: Alice Follltt. record and finance keep
er: Susan Tryon. chaplain; Hester Burllngame.
sergeant ; Mrs. Rendy, mlstress-at-arms; Mrs.
J. Sharp, sentinel; Mary G. Lott, picket, and
Dr. Delafontaine, physician.
Bay City Circle of the Companions of the
Forest of America has elected Miss Esther Ro
senbaum chief companion; Miss Bessie Borren,
eub-chlef companion; Mrs. Helena Worms,'
ilnancial secretary; David SkootBky. recording
secretary; Mrs. R. Roth, treasurer; Mrs. J.
Carlson, right, and Miss Katie Offer, left
guide; George Plato, inside, and Mrs. M. Gron
osky., outside guard ; Mrs. Marks, trustee, and
Miss Sarah Lubosch, organist.
Court Barbarossa, Foresters of America, has
elected Frank Lusche C. R. ; Louis Kreuzer,
S. C. R.; Ed Nordhoff, T.; Henry Haab, F. 8.;
John B. Blum. R. 8.; Emil Miller, S. W.;
Henry Drews. J. W.; James Gentose, S. B. ;
Henry Albers, J. B. ; M. Ilerral, trustee; Dr.
W. A. Mierdlercks, physician. ...
Court Seal Rock. Foresters of America, ha*
elected Andrew W. Roberts, C. R.; H. Van
Dleken. 0. C. R. : J. B. Relghley, S. W. ; Joseph
Gallagher. J. W. ; Samuel Carlson. S. B. ;
Joseph B. Ryan. J. B. ; E. J. Coffney, T.; F.
W. Bauer. F. S.; H. J. Willis. R. S.; E. W.
Jakobs, trustee (three years); Dr. A. K. Hap
persberger,. physician; J. H. Taison, captain
of the guard.
Court Hutro Heights, Foresters of America,
has elected Ben M. Clancey, chief ranger; John
Murray, sub-chief; J. T. RIley, treasurer; E. S.
Harding, financial secretary; J. W. Gleadell,
recording secretary (both re-elected); J. A.
McCarthy, senior warden; C. R. Gay, junior
warden; D. Tavares, senior beadle; C. J.
Jacobson. Junior beadle; C. E. Morey, trustee;
Dr. L. H. Greuning, court physician; A. L.
Elf«i, captain of the guard.
Las Lomas Parlor, N. D. G. W., has elected
Marian Layton. president; Annie Lacy, Rote
Smith and Margaret Dunn, vice presidents:
Lizzie Schroder, recording secretary; Emma
Brierllng, financial secretary; Mary Waters,
treasurer; Catherine Harmon, marshal; Gussle
Preccott, inside sentinel; Cella Agard. outside
sentinel; S. P. Daggett, A. Driscoll and Emma
SchoflelU. trustees; Dr. Louise B. Deal, phy
slan; Hattle Ellert, orranist.
Golden State Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, has elected Tillle Ducker, presi
dent; Misses L. Wed»l. R. Hunt and M. Smith,
vice presidents; Millie Tietjen, recordins sec
retary; Mrs. B. Denahay, ilnancial secretary;
Miss M. Ducker, marshal; MIssps F. von
Staden. H. Reusche and J. Meyer, trustees;
Miss A. Smith, inside sentinel; Miss A. Sturken,
outside sentinel; Miss L. Fahrenkrug, organist;
Dr. E. S. Merrltt, surgeon.
Ban Francisco Chapter of the American
Guild has elected Mary E. Waldo,^governor;
C. HuffEchmldt, vice governor: J. C. Cullen,
secretary and treasurer; Mrs. Bowman, chap
lain; J. de Courcey. warden: Henry Huf
scbinidt, sentinel; Drs. Delafont&lne, De Long
and Bettencourt, examining physicians.
Stockton Council of the Royal Arcanum has
elected C. P. Rendon. R.; J. M. Bonner, V. R.;
W. H. Hlckey. O.; C. L. Ruggles, P. R.; J. C.
Kohlcr. a; A. C. Oullahan. C; A. B. Holmes,
T.; A. L. Cowel, chap.; B. C. Smith. G.; L.
A. Peterson. W.
Buena Vista Council of the Royal Arcanum
has elected M. V. N. Bay, R. ; A. C. Green
field. V. R.; Charles W. Dlxon. O. ; Gus Gun
zendorfer, P. R.; J. Charles Weber, S.; Gus
Pohlmann. C; J. W. Gunzendorfer, T.; Charles
H. Bennett, chap.; Mark Lane, G. ; John Bent
ler, W.; W. E. Varcoe. sent.; T. V. Maxwell,
H. E. T. Williams and C. W. G. Jackson,
trustees; Charles W. Dixon, representative to
Grand Council. This council has appointed a
committee to arrange for a public Installation
and for a ladles' night on January 18.
Argonaut Council of the Royal Arcanum has
elected Mark Newman, resent; Walter J.
Kenyon. vice regent: C. TVillouehby. orator;
T. L. Hall, past regent; George W. Dlxon,
secretary; Fred Head, collector; E. J. Endign.
treasurer; Thomas Longworth, chaplain; M. S.
do Roco, guide; W. H. Norton, warden; J. J.
Sllvey. sentry; J. A. Lightship. D. A. Sewell
and Frank E. Whitney, trustees; Ernest Duden.
representative, and W. II. Norton, alternate
to Grand Council.
Drossell, board of relief; Fred W. Lees, L. J.
Aubert and J. D. Abrams, library and reading
room association directors. Daniel Suter be
comes past president.
Bay City Parlor, N. S. G. W., has elected
Hugo J. Lyons president; E. Stolz, Ben Liv
ingston and Harry Levlson, vice presidents;
Alpbonse J. Levy, marshal; Charles Llnder
man, recording, and M. Savannah, financial
secretary: M. E. Llcht, trustee: Drs. M. Reg
ensburger and H. J. Barbat. surgeons. Isadora
Llndermann becomes past president.
WEDS A UKIAH
VALLEY BELLE
has the runaway habit, and his parents
believe he has been led to his present ac
tion by others.
After the wedding dinner the young
couple took the train for San Francisco,
where they will reside.
The bride Is the -daughter of T. J. Fine,
a well-to-do farmer and fruit grower of
Ukiah Valley. She is a young lady of
much beauty and rare accomplishments,
being an artist of a high order of talent.
She has spent considerable time In San
Francisco and has many friends there.
The wedding took place at the farm
home of the bride's parents, in the pres
ence of many invited guests. Ferns pre
dominated in the artistic parlor decora
tion?. Rev. W. F. Coffin, pastor of the
M. E. Church, South, In this city, per
formed the ceremony. The wedding pres
ents Included a complete table service of
silver from the groom's associates In the
Attorney General's office.
UKIAH, Dec. 16.— George Sturtevant
and Miss Pearl, Fine were married hero
at noon to-day. The groom Is a Deputy
Attorney General in tiie office of Hon.
Tirey L. Ford, his residence being in San
Francisco. He is a native of Mendocino
County. Mr. Sturtevant has already
served one term in the Legislature and
one term as District Attorney of this
county, and In the Attorney General's of
fice he has shown marked energy and
ability. --
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Deputy Attorney General
Sturtevant in the Snares
of Cupid.
PLEASANTON, Dec. 16.— Rev. Rich
mond Lo?an, pastor of the Presbyterian
church, has accepted a call to the I^eba
non Presbyterian Church of San Fran
cisco. Rev. R. W. Reynolds, former pas
tor of Lebanon Churcli, will supply the
church here until April.
Pastors Change Pulpits.
Mason. He Is supposed to have had about
?15 when he disappeared. It is known
that he went with at least one boy who
Golden Gate Parlor. N. S. G. \V., has elected
Louis D. Souriau president: Louis Slebe, John
R. Mclsaars and William F. Garms. vice pres
idents; A«lo!ph Eberhardt. recording secretary:
David Wilson, financial ¦ secretary; Henry C.
Pasquale. treasurer; A. F. Dudeman. marshal:
Drs. G. J. Fitzgibbon and Edwani S. Howard,
surgeons; H. R. Gv«dlach, trustee.
Ycrba Buena ivlr. N. S. G. W . has elected
A. E. Buckingham '¦eeident; F. C. Jaeger. Con
Roman and A. W. Till, vice presidents; F. C.
Kenny, recording and financial secretary; A.
G. Hardenburg, marshal; Dr. A. A. Drossell,
surgeon: L. H. Aubert. treasurer; Carl Henry.
J. D. -Abrama and W. S. O'Brien, trustees;
C. E. Fredericks, John A. Schroth *ad Xir.
Olympus Parlor. N. S. G. W.. has elected
Frank Slattery president; J. Eppstein. W. L
Bums and H. Joost, vice presidents; John Cos
grove, recording and A. Hooker, financial sec
retary; W. Phelps. treasurer; Frank Taylor,
marshal; A. Ahlbom, R. Cullen and Charlea
McLaughlin, trustees. .William H. Abbott will
become the Junior past president.
treasurer.
Mission Rebekah Lodge has elected Marga
ret Duncan, noble grand; Mary Hurst, vice
grand; Mrs. N. Jackson, recording secretary:
Anna M. Norman, financial secretary, and
Emily R. Eastman, treasurer.
Sequoia Parlor, N. S. G. W.. has elected John
H. Dumbrcll president; Charles M. Wood. Wil
liam J. Koch and David Gibson, vice presi
dents; Richard D. Barton, recording, and
Charles E. Torres, financial secretary: George
J. Stockwitz, marshal; Alfred J. Ncvrumant,
James F. I-yon and Henry T. Sen^cstacken.
trustees; Drs. E. F. Donnelly and B. F. Alden,
surgeons; L. M. Bannon, L. C. Pistolesi and
J. F. Lyons, directors of reading room.' Dr.
' F. H. Cranz will become past president.
Islam Temple of the Mystic Shrine has elected
J C. Campbell, potentate: A. W. McKenzle,
chief raban; Frank H. Titus, assistant rab&n;
George "VVlttman, high priest and prophet;
Kinry B Ream oriental guide; Thomaa Mor
tno, treasurer; Hiram T. Graves, recorder;
Oecrge F Neal. Colonel William Edwards. L.
F. Urunner and James G. Spauldlns. delegates
to the Imperial Council.
Parker Lodge, I. O. O. F., has elected J. H.
Hutaff. noble grand; S. B. Russell, vice grand;
J F. Nichols, secretary: \V. Thyon. treasurer;
A B. Richet. trustee. These officers will be
publicly installed on January 8.
Apollo Lodge, I. O. O. F., has elected Charles
E. 1'eriT, noble grand; Frank V. N. Cox, vice
grand; Wesley F. Norcross. secretary: Victor
C Post, financial secretary; John Glassman.
treasurer; Henry L. Curtis, John R. Altken
and William C. Johnson, trustees. Handel H,
Zobcl will become the junior past noble grand.
The installation ceremony will be on Friday
evening. January 4.
Sargent Lodge. I. O. O. F.. baa elected John
McLaughlin. noble grand; A. L. Duley, vice
grand; George W. Dlxon, secretary; Alexander
Hay, treasurer, and M. Neumann, trustee.
California Rebekah J-od^e has elected Sadie
Kahn n-jble grand; Ar.nle W. Lewis, vice
prand; Martha Oosky, recording secretary;
Mar}' A. Hawley, financial secretary (re-elect
ed for the twentieth term); Minnie Simon,
California Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons.
lite elected Walter A. Scott, master; Charles
ii. Plum, senior, and Henry M. Owens. Junior
warden; Herman F. Muller, treasurer; Frank
lin H. Day, secretary; Edward Peabody, John
Noonan and Charles L. Patton, trustees.
Golden Era Circle of the Companions of the
X"oreet of America has elected M. Levy, chief
companion; Miss A. Lagos, sub-chief compan
lcn; May Magner, treasurer; Mrs. E. J. St.
Clair. financial, and Miss S. Cohen, recoiding
secretary; Miss I. Levy, right, and Mrs. R.
Gumbet, left fculde; Mrs. M. Wolff, inside, and
Mies R. Rosenthal, out£lde guard; lir. George
Adums physician and Miss E. Wolff, organ
ist.
Court Gulden Era, foresters ot America, has
elected H. C. Angelis, chief ranger; T. A.
Crowley, sub-chief; L. L. Rey. treasurer; M.
Levy, financial secretary; I. Schwartz, record
ir.g eecreUiry; E. E. P. Smith, senior, and L.
Boron Junior woodward; J. Harris and H.
Michaels, beadles; K. Bluraenau, trustee: Dr.
William Edwards, physician; L. M. Rey, cap
tain of the guards, and H. Londoner, organist.
San Francisco Tent of the Knlg-hts of the
Maccabees has elected W. W. Thompson, com
mander; A. N. Bowne, past commander; C.
Button, lieutenant commander; H. H. Castle,
record keeper; Theodore Frolich. finance
keeper; J. II. Sajnpeon. chaplain; F. Sampson,
eerjfeant; Charles Van Orden, master at arms;
Charles Floyd, first, and C. L. Blair, second
master of the guards; C E. Gerard, sentinel;
\V. B. Green berg, picket; J. M. Jacobi. trustee,
short term, M. B. Schofield, long term.
commander; Thomas J. Barry, adviser lieu
tenant; Kred T. Pbelps. banker; D. Oliver Jr..
clerk (re-elected); John Boyle, assistant clerk
(re-elected); J. J. Donahue, escort; William
Carr, watchman- Da"vid 'Brown, sentinel (re
eiected); J. P. Bright, manager.
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen of the
World has elected W. P. Jones, consul
The following fraternal organizations
have elected officers for the ensuing term
and the majority of those elected will be
installed into office during the latter part
of this month and the early part of Janu
ary:
Elections in Subordinates for
the Ensuing Term Are
- Held.
FRATERNITIES
CROOSE RULERS
&-Hg-s3 HE case of another lad who would
I be a whaler Is puzzling the police.
1 1 Andrew Young left his home at
II 2105 Bush street last Friday and
has not been seen by his parents
since. Ostensibly he started for school,
but instead went to the water front and
attempted to rhip In the whaling bark
John and Wintfcrop as a cabin boy. In an
swer to the captain's Questions he said he
was 22 years old, but the old-time whale
man was not to be deceived, and ordered
him ashore tp get a written certificate
from h!s parents.
"The boy came to me last Wednesday,"
said Captain Macomber yesterday. "I
asked him how old he was, and he said 22.
I sized him up as being about 17, and told
him he would have to get the consent of
his parents. He said he had no relatives
In the world, and a guardian, who gave
him no liberty, took Care of him. I sent
him ashore to get a permit from his
guardian, and a few hours later he csmt
aboard again with a note signed by* a
Mrs. A. Cox. saying she was willing that
he should ship on the John and Winthrop
for a cruise in the Arctic.
"I was suspicious about the whole af
fair, so I hunted for Mrs. Cox on
Steuart street, and she at once ac
knowledgedl having written the letter for
75 cents winch the boy had given her. As
soon as I learned the state of affairs I put
the boy ashore and told him to go home.
Since then I have not seen or heard from
Dim."
Saturday night the father of the lad was
hot on his trail. He was told by the whal
ers that a boy resembling his son was on
the John and Winthrop. He went to the
harbor police station and secured the Ber
vices of Patrolman Ingham. Together'they
went out to the whaiing bark, but on ar
riving there they found the lad had been
sent ashore two hours before.
To the police the father said the lad was
only 15 years old. but looked 17. He was
crazy to go to sea, the father said, and
added that should a favorable opportunity
arise he would let him go. As cabin boy
on a whaler, however, ne thought there
would be too much hardship, and he want
ed to save him from it.
A number of whalers are now fitting out
for a cruise in the Arctic, and as loung
is determined to make the cruise the
chances are that he will get away on one
of them. Every boat on which he might
have stowed away was searched yester
day, but so far the lad has escaped.
Last evening the lad's parents heard of
him being seen near his home. They are
sure he has not left the city and they are
most anxious to have him home again.
His mother believes he left home because
of a threat to put him In some school
where he could not get away If he did not
attend the public school, to which he was
sent. She says she is willing to let him
go to work if he does not wish to go to
school.
The boy carried papers for a man named
Sudden Disappearance of Andrew Young Leads to the Discovery,
of the Fact That He Has Had a Longing for the Sea and the
Hardy Life of a Sailor on a Vessel Cruising the Arctic.
LEAVES SCHOOL, HOME AND PARENTS
AND TRIES TO OBTAIN A BERTH ON
WHALER BOUND FOR THE FAR NORTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER ' 17, 1900,
BOY WHO IS DETERMINED TO SAIL FOR THE FROZEN SEAS TO
HUNT THE LEVIATHAN. HE LEFT HOME FRIDAY, TRIED TO
SHIP AND HAS NOT RETURNED.
5
* riwOsLi*
"WOUIiDN'T THAT PUFF TOU UP?"
TO-NIGHT. First Time of the Big Holiday Ex-
travaganza,
II Vbv Ssa B abhcal ¦ ¦
By... FERRIS HARTMAN.
A WORLD OF FUN. FROLIC AND MELODY.
A DELIGHT FOR THE LITTLE FOLKS.
See Oscar L. Fest's Fine TRANSFORMATION.
THE > L0WE8 Y KINGDOM.
Every Evening at 8— Matinee Saturday at J.
• POPULAR PRICES 23 and SO cents.
Telephone — Bush 9.
4 MILLION
LAUGHS COME FROM
4,000
PEOPLE AT THE TWO PERFORMANCES of
"OLE OLSON" YESTERDAY
BEN HENDRICKS
• AND HIS BIG COMPANY.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Next— "AT THE WHITE HORSE TAVERN."
— : —
VAUDEVILLE AS IT SHOULD BE!
SHEAN AND WARREN, TRITLY
SHATTTJCK, MMR DOBIA,
MLLE. CHRISTINA'S DOG, CAT
AND MONKEY CIRCUS, HAL
DAVIS AND INEZ MACAITLEY,
THE HAEMONY FOUR, SPEN-
SER KELLY, PANTZER TROUPE,
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats Be; Balcony 10c: Opera Chairs
and Box Seats 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Beginning^TO-NIGHT,
Seven Nights and Saturday Matinee
FREDERICK
WARDE
[,"•"- WITH
MR. AND MRS. E. R. SPENCER
And the Famous Clarence M. Brune Company,
In Espy Wlllams' Romantic Comedy
THE DUKE^S JESTER
NEXT MONDAY:
i PRIMROSE and DOCKSTADER MINSTRELS.
Alf Elinghouse, Proprietor and Manager.
Phone South 770.
COLONEL W. A. THOMPSON Presents
THE BOSTON LYRIC OPERA COMPANY,
SO-fEOPLE— 50.
To-night- "CARMEN."
With COLLA&AKINI. BUSSO and ALE3SANDH0HI,
In Conjunction "With
THE BOSTON LYRIC OPERA COMPANY.
Positively
4--NIGHTS ONLY--4
Tuesday Evening. Dec. IS "SAID PASHA"
Wednesday Eve.. Dec. 13. .."IL TROVATORE"
Thursday Eve. (farewell). Dec. 20.. "CARMEN"
Evening 15c. 26c. 35c. 60c and 75c
Matinee 15c. 25c. 35c and 50c
Next Sat. Eve. — Geo. II. Broadhursfa BTver
Popular "WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
CROWDED ALL THE TIME!
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Continued Success of the
OLIVER-LESLIE COMPANY
THIS EVENING! THIS EVENING!
James W. Harkins' Dramatization of \
Dickens' Famous Story j
A TALE of TWO CITIES
Evening Prices— lOc. 15c. 2Sc and SOc
A few front rows in orchestra. S5c.
Matinee Prices— K)o. IBe. 25c and SOc.
no higher.
Branch Ticket Offfce— Emporium.
riff H EAT R eMT
TO-NIGHT BEGINS LAST WEEK
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by the Funniest of All Farces.
"A SERIOUS TANGLE."
SEATS— 15c, 2Jc. S5c. SOc
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week. David Belasco's Latent Farcical I
"NAUGHTY ANTHONY."
2 e thaiS?8 CENTRAL THEATER,
Market, st.". near Eighth— Opposite City Hall.
OPENS N'xTsAT. EV'O.
Magnificent Production— DAVID BELASCO'S
THE HEART OF MARYLAND.
Every Evening. Matinee Saturday and Sundays.
SPECIAL XMAS MATINEE TUESDAY.
PRICES 10c to 50c.
Seats on sale next Thursday, 9 a. m.. at
Sherman & Clay's Music Store.
CHUTES^nd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ATTrHVNr AND PATRICK, BOSS LEE
TYU2R, THE MAB.THJEZ, JTJLI-
ETTE CHANDLER, A. M. POW-
ERS, HAEBY WAI/rON", HEW
MOVING FICTUKES.
Thursday Night, the Amateurs
IN A NEW FEATTJBE.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
FISCHER'S
COOILL AND COOPER'S COMEDIANS TJ*
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN 1"
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES
AND MUSICAL ACTS!
Reserved Seats, Matinees Sunday.
THE WEEKLY CALL
81 per Year
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 SETTER ST.
OPEN EVENINGS.
ORDERS SHOULD BE PLACED
AT ONCE to Insure prompt de-
livery, as we expect to be unusually
busy this week.
Our guarantee goes with every
article we sell— money back If un-
satisfactory.
Christmas tree ornaments, dinner,
favors and ben bons In endless
varieties.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MCNOAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
Except special candy sale, which
lasts till Christmas.
Can y t " cur f n2st only 30c lb
Mixed or chocolates. Regular price with
us. 36c— no better quality sold elsewhere
for 60c. We have a beautiful line of
fancy candy boxes and baskets from 25c
up.
Lountv's ch oatis — >ee their
new gorgeously put up pack ges.
Crown Port and Sherry 25c bot
Reg. 50c. Greatest value of sweet wines
sold anywhere. All wines have advanced
4'.jc gallon, and this will doubtless be
the last sale at such a low price.
tAll leadi- g champagnes $3240
pints, $34.20 cast quarts.
Old Glory Whisky bot $1.00
S2S£S d gal $4.00
To plcane many of our friends we have
had another lot of those beautiful deco-
rated classes made East, and wiH ••'ve
with each bottle 2 ana with each gallon
6 of them— GRATIS.
Plum tudJ ngs — American, English
and French.
Roger & Gaiiet's Concentre Extracts
Reg. $1.00 bot 85c
In IVi-oz. original bottles.
Thirty different odors.
Pejumes and toiLt arUcles.
Vanilla Extract, Reg. 50c 40c bot
Lemon Extract, Reg. 40c 30c bot
¦ Ft :est home-made m'nee m~'a'.
Royal Seif-B^stlnT Roasters
These roasters being self-basting A I IE
the turkey requires no attention M./«l
after being- placed In the oven. 16 Inches
lonB.. 11 inches wide, S Inches high-
Roasts a 10-lb turkey. Reg. tl 30.
17 inches loner. 12 inches wide Cl jlC
SM Inches high. Roasts a 12-lb vl.'rJ
turkey. Reg. $1 75.
Chifinz dishes, 5 o' click teas; Rus.
si .n coffee pjti in brass and nickel.
Almond Grater. "Ida" ?i e % 75c
Always handy In the kitchen. Are
overstocked. Our price is less than cost.
Cirv.ng sits and table cutlery.
Figs, Cal.. 10-lb tox, frf* 75c
Sold by box only.
I G:i man hone; cake Hebkuchen .
Genuine French Claret
Pontet Canet— known as one of the best
brands. doz. qte. $7 50
St. Julien, an old favorite, doz. qts. 6 50
St. Estephe, excellent value, dz. qts. 5 SO
Imported In casks from the well-known
firm of J. Michaelson & Cie, Bordeaux.
Bottled and labeled by us with original
label and cap.
German Rhine Wines
Bottled by us.
Geisenheimer, vintage 189S. doz. qts. 15 50
Durkhelmer, vintage 1S93, doz. qts. 5 60
Only a email quantity at these prices.
Pjff;re for Xmas gifts in small and
Wl oj a dainty boxes, from J1.00 to *35.fX)
per oox. j ¦ .
LADIES In particular wishing to pre-
sent their friends with a box of cigars
,wlll do well in making their selection at
our store for we will exchange any box
15 not . sultabIe - even 1* Part of cigars
have been used.
_We offer a limited quantity of clear
Havana bit cigars— 13 in box-^at ji 25.
Our delicacy department is the most
complete in the city. "¦"»•.
Country orders solicited— ship free
within 1C0 miles. v e
¦Watch Thursday's ad.
(Try This:
"Ko=Nut"
' a Pure Sterilized Cocoanut Fat.
Never gets rancid. Twice the
shortening power of lard. !
j For 5hortening
and Frying
; Superseding butter, Lard and
Compounds.
Ask your grocer, or write |
India Refining Co..
Philadelphia. ;
Broken
byeglass
Lenses replaced for 5O cents.
Any Astigmatic Iense3 duplicated for 91. OO
and 91.50.
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
OPTICIANS PH0TOG?\ 5ciENT|p|C
642 Market St. instruments
under CHROmcLt DuiLDiNt. CATALOGUE rR't
PalsjPia These hotels oos-
raldtC sess the attributes
j that tourists and
CITirl travelers appreciate
-—central location.
P T>Q n t\ lto cra l mana«e-
UI dllvl ment. modern", an-
'_ ,i pointments and
HOlftlS perfect cuisine.
nUtClD Arne rican and Eu-
San Francisco ropean plans.
DR. MEYERS &C0. .jgPSfefc
Specialists. Disease &&p
and weakness of fg|l
men.- Established )2?rJ "^sWftf*?*
1881.'' Consultation TO JlJSgsFTSJ'
end private book Vw/ U~/_^4
free, at efflce or by Sit,, I AfiSJ
mall. Cures guar- ctfA'L (flaggy
anteed. 731 Mar-
tet street televator A/^FwlasSr '
Francisco! -*^SK^C^E«rii8^»
,1A/.;T. HESS.
KCTAST FOBLIJ AiiJ; ATTOrtNir-Ar-CATT.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels BldgV
• Telephone Brown 93L
. Residence, 821 California st.. below Powell,
* , Ban Francisco. : *
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
— or the —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦ OT THE
London Assurance
CORPORATION
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, on th« 21st day of,
December. A. D. 1899. and for th* year
ending on that day. as mad* to th» Insuranc*
Commissioner of the Stats of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 810 and 111
of the Political Cod«. condensed as p*r blanlc
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stock* and
Bonds owned by Company fl.W»
Cash in Company's Office «J*n2 5
Cash in Banks 153.43 70
Interest due and accrued on all .._,.„
Stocks and Loans »•»» »
Premiums In due Course of Collection W7.M9 H
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken '
for Fire and Marine Risks w TO
Due from other Companies for R»-
Insurance on losses already paid... IXn* »
Total Assets I3.M1.0C T3
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $38.1« U
Lostes In process of Adjustment or _
in Suspense !»•»« «
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. U.m 50
Gross premiums on Flr« Risks nin-
nin» one year or less. $359,438 «1; re-
Insurance 50 per cent X«V"J n
Gross premiums on Fire Risks ran-
nln* more than one year. f8tL43? 53:
reinsurance pro rata 4S1.4OB IS
Gross premiums on Marina and In- •
land Navlsatlon Risks. I —i re-
Insurance 1C0 per cent 1.15* •*
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. 9 ; reinsurance 50 per
cent *»»«* **
Amount recl&lmable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Poli-
cies n«»
All other demands against the Com-
pany W.03S C
Total Liabilities $978.(04 m
INCOME. ~ — -
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $*01.*a 98
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 175,290 14
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 87.471 S3
Total income .CUMmU
EXPENDITURES. ~ *
Xet amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding % — - — , losses of previous
years) tE73><Sl SO
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including t — ¦ — . losses of previous
years) 181.57! 34
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 213.333 24
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 13.7(3 H
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 43.534 »
All other payments and expenditures 60.435 SI
Total Expenditures tl.Ml.190 «I
Losses Incurred during the year S713.*13 08
Risks ami Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during- the
year $115,721,440 $374,137 0»
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 118.951.743 (33.137 M
Net amount In force
December 8L 1S39 16t.834.SS8 1. 441.080 13
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $110,971,542 $589. MS 12
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 1U.S37.5SS 596.431 M
Net amount In force
December 31. 1S99 4.W4.7H 28.02 07
CHARLES L. CASE. U. 8. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this Mtli
day ot January. 1900.
EMIL FRENKEL. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
221 SANSOME ST.>:
SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager-
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, on the 31st day of
December. A. D. 1SD9. and for the year
I endin? on that day, as made to the Insurance
I Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections' CIO and (It
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash I1.500.CCO 09
ASSETS. *
Real Estate owned by Company.... $2,113,538 44
Loans on Bonds and Mortgagee 1.517.633 81
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Boiuis o^rned by Company.... 19.443.39S Tt
Amount of Ixtans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 2,878.334 50
Cash In Company's Office... S.9C0 93
Cash in Banks 713.121 13
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Leans 277,840 90
Due from other companies and from
agents 975.400 5S
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 112.738 JX
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Rlslw 1W.3S3 19
Rents due and accrued 5,923 9S
Stamps 1.J84 2S
Reversions owned absolutely by tbe
Company 1.058,033 8S
Total Assets $2S.S13.131 W
LIABILITIES. *
Losses adjusted and unpaid
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspenc.e $387,341 34
Losses resisted. Including ex-
peraes
Grc?a premiums on Fire Risks
running one year cr less. $ ,
reinsurance SO per cent
Gross premiums on Fire Risks 1.772.97S 13
running more than one year.
t . reinsurance pro-
rata J
Liability under Life Department .... 18.983,278 S3
Bills payable 88.998 09
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 13.749 M
All other demands against the
Company 1S9.307 OS
Total Liabilities $21403.746 S4
'J, INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $3,545.95183
Net cash actually received for Life
premiums 1291.552 (1
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 944,095 09
Received for Rents 47.418 SI
Received for sale of Annuities 418,514 9<
Total Income SC.243.S33 21
EXPENDITURES "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) (1,959.208 S3
Net amount paid for Life Losses
(Including $ ¦ loss of previous
years) 1.1<».«8 71
Dividends to Stockholders 445.S53 00
Paid cr allowed for Commission or
Brokerage (77.734 M
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 72L826 42
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 10.557 94
All other payments and expendi-
tures - 304.93 41
Total Expenditures $3,109,827 13
Losfes incurred during the year.... t2.01S.KX 71
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year I1.1S4.837.159 $3,545.36183
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year.. 1.1^,143.133 3.434,914 13
Net . amount In force
December 33. 1S99..*.. 768.981.439 2.m.»67 M
H. J. LUBBOCK. Chairman.
H. B. "WILSON. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thii 5tt
day of April, 1304
C, J. WATTS. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOMB ST\ f
' BAN rRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, MaiMOM. '
ADVEBTISZMEirTa
adverttsemCents.
IhisgollarM
S5.OO . j
Of Baltic seal (a fur resembling R
•ea'.Elcin in looks and wear and !"J
*«-ry Popular this season). These H
collarettes are prettily finished i«
;. with chert tabs and eigtt tails are
elegantly lined with heavy mln %
\ *nd in the very newest styles, h
>Jou!d make a beautiful Xmas gift, i
Five dollars each. if;
¦ ELECTRIC SEAL CAPE— A very L - ! i
faehionable garment with a Persian ai
ltnib yoke— prettily finished with nl
two heads and four tails— richly >l'i
lined with heavy satin and cut in Uj
an entirely new etyle: !i
H-lnch Ht22.no V
XS-lnch »:i7.5O J
20-lnch $»O.OO *j
i FOX SCARFS— Are the mo?t pop- ? j
ttlar neck piece of the year —every- H
body is wearing them in the East— bl
of sable fox with a mounted head «j
and tail, they are, without doubt, :•]
one of the bcsl values this store *
f has ever offered $!>.5O ¦>
| OPEN EVENINGS. i$ijj
MAIL ORDERS— Acy garment •*»
advertised or illustrated in our ri
new fall fashion book will be sent a
C. O. D. on approval. We mako ,h
m. sp^claJty of the mail order bust- ;3
nese and are selUnc many gar- !u
xaeats in this way. " iP
IJJ
INCOREORATED _ Q
133 -i57Pto'st/t.sjP I
§\W, MGOR. VITALITY for ME 1 *
MORMON* BISHOPS PILLS
have be«?n in use over fifty
y-ars by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst caxes in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
ciparette-emoklngr. Cures Lost
Manhood. Itnpolency, Loat
Power. Nlchr Lospes. Insom-
r.Ia. Pains la Back, EMI Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, rnfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. *¦¦* Varicoeele or Con-
et-.rction. St^.ps Ne **> BM nous Twitching
of Eyelid?. Eitw.srr.J~l a r» Immediate, i
Impart \lgar and t-H" * S» potency to every
function. Don't get deFjwndent: a cure is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: BOc a i
box: € for $2 to by mail. A written ruarante« to i
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. «0 Ellis
ft.. San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
£S and 40 "Hiird st-
tfvisrr OR JORDAN'S qreat^
$8BSEUB OF AHflTOMY^
ft f^ 113 U12ZZ7 St. tat. tlt?X S.f . S2. A
\ tir Tbe Larrest AastomicBl Museuni in the \
a iS>C&&**. W '°"<i- We«Jtr.ei'-«i or tny contracted 4
UrC-r^i d:suw »«iUci.l7 carcrf l, T «ie oiiiMI
£ gil Spccuiut «- u the Cottt. Btt. js yaMn.
£ »**t*4 w-wnoxft-raivATE diseases s
A I Jj)?£Ti Tr» linent perton*' y or by Inter. A S
TB/ aj *«" Cmn in every case andenakca. \
A C S ill • vv riKfnr boct. fQII 3kUI-nV<l A
VI j |t« :k»»UlAoti, MAtLBS FaCB. jAf
A (1 }\i *aluab!t book ior tarn) \
7 Dtt JUBDAXACO., 10&1 Market Bt., 8. F f
(V -^» «^.
DR. CROSSMAH'S SPEG1HC MIXTURE
pV*r the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Orsans of Generation.
Price tl * bottle. For sale by druggists.
STATEMENT
— or the —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
CONNECTICUT MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IX THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut. en the Slst day of December, A.
P. 1S99, and Jor the year er.dlng on that day,
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
gt&te of California, pursuant to the require-
ments of Section CIS of the- Political Code of
raid State. . ;•_;
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owned by
the Company tU.dl.M7 32
Amount of Loans a*<rured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate W,1S2,€57 M
Arrotint cf Loans secured by pledge
cf Bonds, Stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral 1.300 00
Premium notes and loans in any
facm taken in payment of pre-
miums on policies row in force 829,945 23
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by the Company 23,T5t3f4 ©«
Amount of Ca* h deposited In Banks &C-«.»17 SJ
Interest due and accrued SSJ.777 38
Rents due and accrued 16.SU5 0J
Ket amount of premiums In process
of collection and cf deferred pre-
miums S2S.3U U
Total Assets J54.5S3/J39 61
LIACILITTES.
Claims for death lof srs and matured
endowments, due and unpaid S64.3S5 50
Claims for death losses and matured
endowment* In process of adjust-
ment, or adjusted but not due.... 245,235 CO
Claims resisted by the Company 65.4iJ 00
JCet present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cordlnp to the Combined Experi-
ence Tablr* of Mortality, with
four per cent Interest K,€2S.S^ 00
Amount cf «11 unpaid dividends to
policy holders SS8.SC7 56
Ail Other liabilities 2S3.504 96
_
Total Liabilities fS7.375.59S 02
INCOME.
Cash receive 3 for premiums on new
policies during the year J3SS.271 12
Ca*h received for renewal of pre-
miums durln* the year i.S31.2T5 91
CiLEh received for sale of annuities. 12.J12 30
received for interest 2,e2€.271 73
Ta*h received for rents 362.775 55
Cisn received from all other sources S6.i:o 70
Total Income tS.007.257 SI
EXPENDITURES. "~
fCTiTn-ld to annuitants 3C4 88
otih paid for surrendered policies.. E32.567 E3
,C^h^ia for dividend, to policy
' cSSSlom P»W t° agents.... S79.702 01
kafariei and oUier compensation of
cheers and employes. except
aientT sJid nSWlcal examiner..... 153.401 »
gffiS Sd traveling expenses of
manager* of agencies a,6C6 48
vSlS? examiners' fees and salar- - -
c «h -pkVd f^ VaxV-::::::::::::::::::: im: ™ a
TtLth Daid for rents ••• ».-»2 00
cTsn %ii for ccmmutlng comniis-
slons •"" v *
Total Expenditures during the MJ n
year ••j^cqjV't^'gREEN'E.*' President.
S5SS?i S55%BS?S» no ¦»
¦" " pbck .vourr P»wic
A. K. P. HARMON,
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT.
Pacific Coast Agencies.
F. R. NOYES, General Agent,
Booms 30-31-32 MILLS BUILDING,
6JUt FRANCISCO, CAL.
ive it to Him! ;
If there is anything that the •
1 man pf the hoLse will appre-
ciate it is a good" bed Get
him one of our metal bsauties.
They are more popular now
i * than -ever be'ere We can
' show you some with genuine
enamel, brass ornaments, for
, $4 0(X Others at higher prices-
A separate building devoted ¦
to carpets at our. south of Mar-
ket street low prices.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURB CO.,
750 Mission St.
AMTJSEJLE1J TS.
ADVERTISE3QZE7TS.Declarations due Saturday, December 22.
Distance, one mile and a quarter.
Following are to-day's entries:
(Copyrighted, 1900, ' by TV. A. Martin. All
rights reserved.)
NOTE— In th« above exposition of tbe tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the ¦ successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day/ ; th« • third v time ¦ column , gives . the last
tide of the day, - except when there . are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Tha heights
given are in addition to the soundings on tbe
•¦ ;*¦;:-¦ : — y. ,
Hun Vim ,,,.,,,.,...... ..T:19
Him acts ,,,,,,,,,,..,.,,.,.,.... 4:63
Mimu rl««is ..,.,,.,.....,........... 3:07 a. m.
Mt iNn a Y, i i mcKM nan it.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
SPOKEN
Bchr ConHnaza, Chrlntlanjien, Coquille River.
TKLEXJRAVmC,
POINT UOTiOS. u»o 16. 10 p nvWMthtr
cloudy; wind SB, velocity 4 mlfwi.
Per Br ship Arranmore— Bent 9, lat 4 43 N, Ion
13 28 W— Ger bark II P Q d, steering- west in
ballast.
Oct 8. lat 46 BL B, Ion «1 67 W, * 67 days out—
Ger ship Ariadne, from Shields, for Santa Ro
salia.
Nov 5, lat 38 SG 8, Ion 87 55 W-Br ship Tinto
Hill, from Talcahuano, for Iqulqu*.
domestic; i*oivra
PORT ANQE>LK&-Arrlvm) |i*<« Id -ri.'lir ft?a
Sch nailer, hrnce I>p«j"4. ¦
TACOMA— Hallml lx-n Ift-Htilii Q II Parisian,
for Honolulu,
DUTCH HARnori-finllrii Nnv : JI*Wh*|lnf
stmr Fearles*. for Ban tViuiPlson,
BAN PTCDUO— Anlvort fMt> l*-=Pr»ir Corona,
from Seattle.
8HATTLR— Balled Doo Ilk— Hr ilmr Klntuak,
for Manila; stmr Santa Ana, for Bun Frtuw
CiiOO. . ¦-...;¦ ¦¦. -— ¦ .-.-..:..
SAN DIEGO-Arrlved Deo l«~fltmr Weatport,
henc<i ¦ Deo 8. ' " - :
; NETW ; TORX— Balled Pw l«-^8h!p St Fran
ces, for Yokohama/ r
BABTE31N PORT,
QUBENBTOWN— Arrival t>eo xe-fltnur O«a
penl«L_ from Liverpool, for ¦ Now York,
NEW YOJIK— Boiled D«5 lfr-Btror - Sptaro
dam, tor Rotterdam. SsS^aassgfctesiiwssssS
FOTIKION rORTfl.
HONOKON'O-Sailed Nov 7-Br ship Sierra
Cordova, for. rinyat Ilo*ds.< - »
OCEAN 6THSA METIS.
that business is booming in the Islands.
The British ship Arranmore arrived
from Antwerp yesterday. She was In a
gale off the Platte and lost a few sails,
but otherwise had a fair passage.
The transport Hancock will not dock
until to-morrow. The collier Carbon had
to leave her on account of the gale and
ehe will finish coaling before coming to
her berth.
The transport Thomas will get away for
Manila to-day. She will not carry any
passengers, but has a full cargo of tup
piles aboard.
¦ •
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Btmr Wa*htenaw, ZoUlwr, Taooma,
Br ttmr Belgian Klnf, Weiss, Hongkong and
Yokohama. ,
Ship Lucll*, Hansen, Seattle.
Saturday, December 15.
Br ahip Falls of Clyde, Matson, 17 days from
Hllo. .
Sunday, December 1«.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, 44 hours from San
Dlefo, eta.
Stmr Bonlta, Nop&nder, 04 hours from New
port, eto.
Br ship Arranmore. Howm, 1SS ' days from
Antwerp, via Flushing 126 days.
SAILED.
,. ' ' ' , Sunday, December 11
Btmr Banta Rom, Alexander, Pan D!«ro.
Etrar Rational City, • Dettmers. Grays Har
bor. ¦¦¦...,.;¦ ¦..'.-
Fight Postponed.
CHICAGO, Dec. 16.— The fight between
Joe Walcott and Joe Choynskl scheduled
for December 27 has been postponed in
definitely. This action Is a result of the
unsatisfactory contest between Clans and
McGovern on Thursday last.
Lecture on Buddhism.
DEFAULTER DUFF BROUGHT
FROM SAXT LAKE* CITY
Hs Is Accused of Felony Embezzle
ment by Benjamin M.
Gunn & Co.
Edward E. Duff, the defaulting collect
or for Benjamin M. Gunn & Co., real es
tate agents, 22S Montgomery street, who
was arrested in Salt Lake City, was
brought back by Detective Ross Whit
aker yesterday afternoon and was
locked up in the City Prison on the
charge of felony embezzlement.
Duff had charge of the rent department
and absconded In August last without
even telling his wife, who lives at 1214A
Vermont street, with her three-year-old
daughter. An examination was made of
his account? and it is alleged that there
is a shortage of S4000.
Duff said yesterday that after leaving
here he traveled through different States
LUMBER BARGE AND CREW AT MERCY OF THE WAVES
T. J. CONROY RETAINS
INSTTBAHCB AGENCIES
He Will Continue to Represent the
Manchester and Caledonian
Companies Here.
In the story of the deposition of T. J.
Conroy as local manager of the American
Insurance Company of Newark, N. J., as
published in The Call yesterday It was
erroneously stated that Mr. Conroy haJ
also been superseded aa the local repre
sentative of the Manchester and Caledo
nian companies.
The severance of his connection with
the American Company In no way affects
his position as local representative of the
Manchester and Caledonian companies, of
which he will still retain the Pacific Coast
agencies. The new firm of Chrlatensen.
Edwards & Goodwin will represent the
American Company only, and not the
Manchester and Caledonian, as stated
yesterday.
TO ARRIVE.
Injured in Boxing Bout
VANCOUVER, Dec. 16.— "Jack" Morri
son, a pugilist, was badly Injured In a
bout here, at the Erwlng Club smoker last
night. He was hit a solar, plexus blow by
Tod Sharp, a local man, and has been in
sensible ever since. He Is not expected to
recover. .
THE barge Washougal with a mil
lion feet of lumber aboard and a
crew of thr^e men is pomewhere
outside. Incidentally the under
writers and owners would give
riir.ethSr.gr to know aer whereabouts.
Borne peopl© think Ehe is lost, others
think Ebe has been blown off shore and
that the crew will starve to death, while
Again there are some who say th« barge
will come along with the next change of
wind.
Tbe Washougal left the Columbia River
to tow of the tug Sampson a week ago.
When the recent gale came up the Samp>
eon broke down and had to cut her tow
adrift The tus was picked up by the
eteaxner Point Arena, and brought Into
port. The last seen of tbe barge she was
making sail and standing off shore, Fri
day the tug Rescue was sent out to look
for her. but during a search lasting twen
ty-four hours, not a trace of her was
found. The Rescue came home yesterday
and people along the front are Ptlll guess-
Ing as to what has become of the Wash
ougal. Ehe is a good, stanch barge and
there Is more than a million feet of lum
ber aboard, eo there la no chance of her
foundering. Still the crew must be on
Hatched.
OAKLAND. Dec. 16.— Two ten-round
bouts and a fifteen-round go are on the
programme for the boxing tournament
which will be held Tuesday evening at the
Itellance Club. The main went will ba
the match between Tom . Herman, the
Jeaiher-wcight champion, and George Ba
ker. Both men are training hard for this
match. Herman says he will go East and
try to get a eix-round contest with Mc-
Covern if he wins the Baker bout. Baker
has a pood ring record and promises to
give a good account of himself. "Indian"
Joe Gregg and Charles Hawley of San
rrar.dsco, at 13T pounds, are the oppo
nents in one of the ten-round goes. "Kid"
Finnerty and George Curran. at US
pounds, will make the other match.
tecn-Eound Go— Indian Gregfg
Elcraan end Ba&er to Meet in Fif-
BOXING BOUTS AT
THE RELIANCE CL-UB
McCoy Sails.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 16.-Kld • McCoy has
sailed for Xew York. He Is booked to
fight Sharkey In the near future and will
go Into training immediately after landing
upon American soiL
short commons by this time, .-ne would
be a lucky pickup for some towboat.
DETAINED BY BREAKING BAB.
Five Ships Off the Heads Awaiting a
Chance to Come In.
The British ship Wayfarer, from Ham
burg; the British ship Crown of England,
from Antwerp; the British ship Ditton,
from Newcastle, N. S. XV.: the bark Un
daunted, from Comox, B. C., and the bark
Diamond Head. from-Honolulu, were all
off shore last night, awaiting a chance
to come in. The IMtton has been oft port
for nearly a week with a pilot aboard and
the captain will not accept a tow. The
Crown of England is In doubt. One of
the pilot boats reports her as outside with
a pilot aboard, but John Hyslop of tha
Merchants Exchange had not made her
out up to sundown yesterday.
The Wayfarer haa made a good run
from Hamburg, while the Undaunted and
Diamond Head have only done fairly well
With a breaking bar and the weather
unsettled, It may be several days betcre
the fleet gets in.
Water Front Notes.
The big four-maated bark Falls of Clyda
got In from HIlo yesterday after a run of
seventeen days. Captain Matson eaya
Native Daughters' Christmas Tree.
The members of La Estrella Parlor will
have a Christmas tree festival next Fri
day night in the Shasta Hall of the Na
tive Sons' building, when Santa Claus wll
be on hand to distribute presents to the
juvenile relatives and friends of members
A vaudeville programme and dancing will
be additional features.
Golden State Parlor has made arrange
ments for Its Christmas festival for th«»
benefit of the members and their young
relatives In the banauet hall of the Na
tive Sons' building Tuesday evening.
SIMES THOUGHT HE
HAS BEEN ATTACKED
S. J. SImes, who lives at 1020 Polk street,
caused considerable excitement In police
circles early yesterday morning. Shortly
before 1 o'clock a telephone message was
received at the Southern station that
Slmes had been attacked in his room by
a nyin and one of his ears had been cut
oft- In the struggle. Sergeant Duke anrl
two officers hurried to the house and af
ter making an investigation telephoned
to police headquarters and two detectives
were soon on the scene.
Simes at first said that an unknown
man had come Into his room and stabbed
him. Then he said that th© man had shot
his ear off. Finally it transpired that
Slmes went home with a bottle of whUky
Saturday night and after sampling the
contents he became giddy and fell. Hl3
head struck a cuspidor and his ear was
cut off by tti^jken <dges.
After falling ne had succeeded In getting
into his bed and when he awoke and saw
the blood on. the pillow and on his shirt
he jumped to the conclusion that some
one had attacked him and telephoned for
the police.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast anil G*ott«tlo 8urv«y—
Tlmen and HrlRhtn of lll«h and l.<>w
Waters at Fort Point, vntrnnc* to Han
Franclaco liny. I'litiUthoU by official au
thority of tho MiiiiirtntnTnlont,
NOTM-TIm htrth Mtiti low wulem ivcur at th»
city front (MtMlnn<ttr*«l wharf) about twenty-
Hv« mlniitr* U(«r llmu at Kurt I'olnti tho
hMulit of ttil* lii th* aaina at both pUc*a.
Sunday at Pleasure Places.
Showers and general unpleasant weather
kept the people away from the park and
beach yesterday. A runaway team fur
nished excitement for the few ¦who bravea
the storm and went to the park. The team
was caught and taken to the park police
ftation. but up to a late hour the owner
had not appeared to claim his property.
A baby puma and a baby kangaroo are
the features of the Chutes zoo this week.
The youngsters were born several days
ago and are now on exhibition.
At Sutro Baths a fair sized crowd was
entertained by tbe aquatic contests. Fol
lowing are the results: Fifty-yard dash—
II. Liecker first, L. Heinz second. Un
der-water swimming contest— C. Smith
first, W. Carroll, second. One-hundred
yard dash — C. Rawllngs first. F. Firaton
second. Springboard diving— L. Cucax
first prize, M. Jones second prize. High
diving— H. Sunburg first prize, A. Rawlins
second prize. -
Nelson Wins From I*awson.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 1C— John Nelson
reasserted his claim to the title of cham
pion indoor bicycle rider this afternoon b'y
defeating Gus Lawson in the fifteen-mile
motor-paced race and clipping fifteen sec
onds from the distance. The time made
was 24:57. Lawson held the former world's
record of 25:12.
GREGG WILL FIGHT
DOUGHTY BILL KELLY
Eight Bouts Arranged for Bay City
tainment.
Athletic Club Fistic Enter-
The Bay City Amateur Athletic Club
will hold its regular fistic entertainment
this evening In the O'Farrell street club
rooms. Indian Joe Gregg and Billy 'Kelly
and "Nobby" Otts and "Soldier" George
Abrams are programmed as pugilistic fea
tures.
The other matches will bo between Jerry
Fairbanks ard Clem IVcharJs. F. Neil and
Kid Goldle. Jlmmie Little and Phil Zwer-
In, Bob Thompson and Jim Williams, Wil
liam Schoenbeln and Joe Welch and
Thomas Burke and Charles Hawley. All
bouts will be four-round affairs.
and finally located in Salt Lake City,
where he was employed. In tending bar in
a saloon and cleaning up. He was recog
nized by Mr. Gunn while the last named
was in Salt Lake City a. few days ago
and his arrest followed. He declined to
admit there was any shortage and said
that was a matter between him and Mr.
Gunn. What he did with the money Is
a mystery and he did not attempt to ex
plain it, denying there was a woman in
the case. He said he had not communi
cated with his wife nor any of his friends
since he left.
NAVAL MII/ITIA IN
FINAL STATE SHOOT
Headquarters and Staff Istaks Cred-
itable Showing With Revolver
at Shell Mound Range.
The headquarters and staff. Naval Mili
tia, held their final State shoot at Shell
Mound range yesterday. Only a few
marksmen put In an appearance on ac
count of the bad weather. The scores, at
fifty yards with revolver, on tho Blunt
military target, ten shots, possible fifty
points, were as follows:
Llentenant Sugeon Joseph O. Morrlssey, 6, 5,
4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 5. 4, 5— total 44:; EnMsrn and Sur
feon Thomas B. TV. Leland, 4. G. 6, 5. 4, 5. 4,
, 4. S — total 46: Lieutenant C. C. Dennis (ro
tlrpl), 4, 4, 5, 5, 4, 4, 6, 4, 4, 5— total 44; Boat
swain Richard Schnalle, B, 4. 4. 4, 3. 4, 2, 4, 2.
8— total 35; Gunner Henry Harris, S, 5, 5, 5, 4, 5,
6. 5. 5, 6— total 49; Chief Quartermaster William
Llndecker. 0. 0. 3. 2. 4. 3. 3. 0. 3. 2— total 20;
Hospital Steward Iv-o MacMahon. 5, 4, 4, 4, 3,
4, 2, 4, 2, 3-tOtal 35.
Handball Games.
The handball contests at the San Fran
cisco courts resulted yesterday as follows:
P. Mclntjre and M. McLeod 21 21 1* 16 21
It. McKlcnon and J. McDonald.. 13 18 21 21 14
W. F. Etajff and W. D. Carlisle 21 14 21
TV. UarcebJ and F. W. StapS t 21 li
X. PolHori and G. McDonald 21 19 21
IV. F. lirown and C. L\ Llpp ~..2O 21 11
J. Glynn an3 E. White 21 21 18 IS :i
W. Johnson and G. Green 10 i» a ji j;
H. J. Ropery and E. J. Murphy n jg 21
II. Lcneabach and J. J. Kava.naugh..l» 21 14
II. Levy and VT. Fisher 21 17 n 13 «i
il. Uaech and M. Jojce 11 21 19 21 IS
II. J. Rog-ers and J. Condon 21 21 17 11 H
E. Altvatcr and A. McVicker....l0 14 21 21 20
W. "Walsh an<S O. Majruire 21 21 II
K. McGinty and H. H. Lis^ner 16 12 ]J
J. C. Kealon pn.i J. White 15 21 $ 2\
R. Llaehan and M. J. K:!gallen....21 13 21 IS
A. Jacoby an<S P. Conner 21 21 21
J. li^Lphael and K. Wurkhelm 17 n ro
HABE.Y GOODWIN WINS
THE COUNCH/S CUP
Team of Ladies Challenges Men to a
Putting Contest on Presidio
Links.
Though Saturday afternoon was favor
able to golf and the Presidio links were
in splendid condition, but little was done
In the way of competition. H. B. Goodwin,
captain of the San Francisco Golf Club,
and S. L. Abbot Jr. played •ff the long
deferred final round of the contest for the
Council's cup. Goodwin was in fine
form, winning by the ample margin of 5
up 4 to play, ever eighteen holes. The
winner's second round was made in 40.
The approaching competition, which was
set down on the schedule, was not held,
and though J. S. Severance, Warren Greg
ory and other ojass B players were on the
links the regular weekly sweepstakes with
handicap did not take place. H. H. Oay
lord played a match with H. D. Pillsbury,
the latter winning.
To-morrow at 9:30 o'clock In the morn
ing the ladies will engage in an eighteen
hole sweepstakes, medal play. The ladies
arc so much elated at the skill they have
acquired in the short game that they have
challenged the men to a contest, to be
held at 3:"0 on Tuesday afternoon, five
balls on the home green, teams of six on
a pide. The ladies will be chosen from the
following-: Mrs. R. Oilman Brown, Miss
Alice Coiden Hoffman. Miss Sarah Drum,
Mips Ella Mfjrean. Miss Caro Crockett,
Miss M. B. Houghton and Miss Florence
Ives. The following will constitute the
men's team: H. B. Goodwin, L. O. Kel
logg. J. H. Mee. J. TV. Byrne, R. H. Gay
lord and S. L. Abbot Jr. Captain Alice
Hoffman has prepared an extensive sched
ule of events lor the ladles of the San
Francisco Golf Club.
First Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling:
1492 Eldred 105 977 Oscar Toll* ...108
1403 Ada N 105 1468 Mamie. Hlldr'h.105
1436 Scallywag 105 1413 Chaste- 103
(1420) Courtier 105 1468 Cougar 108
1»SS Billy Lyons 105 1442 Merida 106
Second Race— Fifteen-sixteenths of a mile;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
14-.0 Lew Zara S8. 1189 Hohenlohe .,...103
1422 Ballsta 112 1388 Lamachus 110
1416 Rainier 112 966 Sam Dan'b'um.107
1473 Acrobat 112 1 14S8 Canejo 97
1243 J Shropshire.. S8 1450 Gllssando 107
1417 Don Luis 112 1468 Onyx 97
Third Race— Five furlongs:
selling:
(1296)Ruondhead ....105 1478 Bob Palmer ...105
(1474)Slsenvine 103 1463 Modder 105
1474 Scotch Belle....lO5 1413 Phil Archlbald.103
1474 Intrepldo 103 10SO Toah 105
1398 Thracla 105
Fourth Race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds
and up: purse:
1419 Aluminum 102 1468 I Don't Know.109
1457 Mountain Dew.102 149« Jerld 105
1342 Mainstay 105 *1440 Espirando 103
1479 Monrovia 1C9 136S Genua ....102
Fifth Race — One mile; four-year-olds and up;
selling:
1409 Tappan 93 HS7 Astor 93
1490 Topmast 104 MS Walkenshaw ..103
1473 Opponent 100 1394 Meadow Lark. 9S
1410 Elvlrato 102 1491 Lothian 113
1356 Dare II 93
Sixth Race— Seven furlongs; threa and four
year old mares; purse:
14»0 Torsida 12ft I 1400 La Borgia ....100
1423 The Lady '.11C 1471 Prejudice- 10O
1472 Alaiia 107 1387 Mortgage 100
1402 Naples 107L
Probable Winners.
First Race^ — Scallywag. Merida. Courtier.
Second Race^ — Lamachus. Onyx, Acrobat.
Third Race— Toah, Intrepldo, Phil Archibald.
Fourth Race— Genua, Aluminum, Jerld.
Fifth Race — Walkenshaw, Opponent. Tappan.
Sixth Race — Tho Lady, Prejudice, Mortgage.
HAUKSMEM" MATTP r GOOD
SCOBES AT SCHUETZEN
Shooting Clubs Gather at the Ranges
and Enjoy a Good Bay's
I>e*p!te the cloudy weather a large num
ber of marksmen went to Schuetzen Park
yesterday and did some Eplendid shooting.
In the California Schuetzen Club rectlon
th« bullseye shoot resulted as follows:
R. Etettln. 11SS; J. L. Vtschis. llil; O. Bur
rnelrter. IOCS; A. Gebr»t, 1948; J. Tammeyer,
£L<7; C. Le«ehorn. 1SS4; E. Werne, 1174; H.
Echroeder. 1201; L. Reabold, 2221; A. Jungblut.
130S; T. J. Carroll. SfCT; C M. Uenderson, 35$:
H. Enee. 9S2; F. A. Schrumpf. 1132; Captain
F. Attlnper. 1S4«; T. C. Babln. 1123 ; Charles
Peach, 2132; A. Bertleson, 1967; D. B. Faktor,
El; J. Jouas. El: C. Meyer. 745: A. Rahwey-
Xer. 573; Joseph Etraub. 1867; F. E. Mason. 164;
A. t?tech!g. JITS; Phllo Jacoby. 1349; M. Reu
foold. 1004. A. Hatnpel. 2S7; J. C. Waller, 1057;
II. Ecfanann, 1182; R. Finking, 21G1; A- Streck
er, 101; TV. Ehrenpiort. 197a
Caaets— XT. Werne. €?«; II. Becier, 1B70.
The winners of the Verein Elntracht
eboot were a» follows:
It. 6tett!n, H. Sehtrlecer, E. I* Rlemen
tchaelder, C. Ton Hartwlg, E. Jessen.
The bullsey© shoot in the San Francisco
Turners' section .resultt-d in the following
t cores :
C. Nielsen. 443; R. FIr.klr.r. 124S; H. Enge,
<?6; J. Straub. 1011; A. Utschig-. 672; F.
Bchrnmpf. 787; Cherleg Sjgehorn. 1123; G.
Tammeyer, 1017; O. Burmelster. 7«3.
The members of the Grutli Shooting
Club mado scores as follows:
First, A. Ohret; eecond. I* Hauser; third,
Joseph Furrer; fourth. John Brugger: fifth.
Charles Gut; sixth, A. Sti;<Jer; seventh. A
von Vyl.
Medal shoot: Champion class— Alfred Gehret.
•4<3; fint cla.«s— A. t-tuicr. ST>3; second class-
Louie Hauser, CS9; third class. Joseph Furrer,
2Z&. 'Highest score ma<le this year.
St. Helen. 21-10; F. Jones' Tom Hurllck be.
J. Cane's Greenhall. 10-e.
Third round— Floodgate beat Fiery Pace, 3-
Vandal beat Random Aim. 9-3; Cash bei
Bunko Bill, 4-1; Ireland beat Uncle Fullen 3-
Hrutus bent Rural Artist, 3-0: Wild Norah bei
Bad Boy. 3-0; Honesty beat Master Lawrenc
5-3; Harlean Gladys teat Rollicking Airs. 7-
Palo Alto beat Sweet Emma. 5-0; Forget be:
I^ady Sears. C-l; Sliver Cloud b*>at Anchor, 4-
ETrln beat JIlss "Wilson, 7-2; Royal Union be;
Iowa Boy, 3-2; Twin City Girl beat Fine Fir
3-0; Cascade beat Mamie Pleasant. 8-1; To
Unrlick beat MIes Skyrocket. 14-2.
round — Flood jrate
beat Vandal
Ireland beat Cash. 4-0; Brutus beat Wild
Norah, 10-1; Harlean Gladys beat Honesty, 4-1;
Palo Alto teat Forg»t. 11-6; Erin beat Silver
Cloud. 7-6; Royal Union beet Twin City Girl,
4-3; Cascade beat Tom Hurlick. 3-2.
Fifth round— Ireland beat Floodgate, 13-7;
Harlean Gladys beat Brutus. 7-4: Palo Alto
beat Erin, 6-0; Royal Union beat. Cascade, 11-4.
Sixth round— Harlean Gladys beat Ireland,
10-3; Palo Alto beat Royal Union. 6-0.
Deciding course— Palo Alto beat Harlean
Gladys. 6-4. .
STOCKTON COURSING.
Fourth round — St. Elmo beat Delia M; Thun
derbolt beat Terronite.
Final— Thunderbolt beat St. Elmo.
STOCKTON, Dec. 16.— In spite of bad
weather there was good coursingr sport at
Goodwater Grove to-day. San Francisco
talent was well represented at ths
grounds. After the first course Forget
Me Not dropped.
Flrrt round — Arno beat Black Hawk: Tap Out
heat Arion; Leah beat Air.ericus; St. ri'.rcio beat
Cach Day; Glen Chloe beat Bagpipe; Old Glory
beat Joker; Delia M beat Sea Wave; Cash In
beat Fair Glen; Fenret Xle Not beat Low
Shake; Poarl Mac be-at Sleepy Dick: Thunder
bolt beat Mike McCann; Pink of Fashion beat
Forgive; Terronlte beat Magnesia: Scotch Reel
beat Bounding Belle; Just On Time beat Black
Chief; Prince of Fashion boat Allesander.
Second round— Tap Out beat Arno; St. Elmo
beat Leah: Old Glory beat Glen Chloe: Delia
M beat Cash In; Pearl Mac beat Forsret Me
Not; Thunderbolt' beat Pink at Fashion; Ter
ronite beat Scotch Reel; Prince of Fashion beat
Just on Time.
Third round— St. Elmo beat Tap Out: Delia
M a bye; Thunderbolt beat Pearl Mac; Ter-
PALO ALTO did not hesitate. At
the finish of the run-down of any
of the stakes in which Eugene
Geary's great sprinter had won
his first it has become the custom
of the tipsters In picking a stake winner
to name one conditionally, and that con
dition was "unless Palo Alto does not hes
itate and tries to win." While the fastest
son of that great sire Emin Pasha has
burned up many bunches of money by in
dulging in his favorite pastime of laying
off the game when victory was easily at
his disposal, still the desire of the wise
ones to back him on all occasions is ex
cusable. From the slips Palo, Alto can be
depended on to lead any opponent a good
bit, and a repetition of thig course after
course shows beyond doubt that for speed
he Is the king. It is a treat to see him
go up the field, increasing his advantage
until the distance cannot be computed In
lengths.
Yesterday he was out to win and he
showed the way to the fast ones. The
deciding course was full of interest. Har
lean Gladys had earned the right to con
test with Palo Alto for final honors, and
together the hounds furnished enough ex
citement to keep the crowd jumping. Palo
Alto took the lead and scored his total of
six before Gladys got in. Her four points
were for two turns and a go-by, the hare
escaping. The dogs stirred up a stray
jack and continued on for a while. .
Favorites ran well up to form, capturing
the flag in all Dut eleven goes. Among the
The first hare was the educated one
which gave a pair of coursers the go-by
in the Saturday run-down by Jumping the
fence. Palo Alto, with all his speed, was
no match for the cunning hare, which has
been named Gazabo. After taking suf
ncient exercise Gazabo stole quietly to the
haven of safety. The regular patrons of
the park have taken an Interest in the
tricky pest, and have asked Charley Grle
wold to keep a record of his future work.
upsets was the defeat of Wedgewood. the
stake favorite, who was put out by Hon
esty, his half-sister. Cascade reached the
lifth round after beating Connemara
pointless and winning on the short end
from Mamie Pleasant and Tom Huriick.
Brutus did good work and looked to have
a strong chance for a place. A heavy
play was made on him to beat Harlean
Gladys In the fifth. He was choice at
slight edds, but lost the flag— score 7 to 4,
Royal Union and Ireland were beaten In
the semi-final.
The detailed results, with the official
scores of Judge John Grace, follow:
Open stake, (second round— Pasha Kennels'
Fiery Face beat A. Johnson's Bald Eagle. 6-3;
George Nethercott's Floodgate beat H. A.
Deckelraan's Rocker. 3-1; T. J. Oronln'B Vandal
beat O. Zahl'8 Miss Allen. 3-2: I'asha Kennels'
Kandom Aim beat James Sheridan's Forest
Kincr, 8-5; Curtis & Sons' Cash beat F. Brown's
Tammany. 6-0; Chiarlni Bros.' Bunko Bill beat
A. Vanderwhlte's I>ar Kine. 4-2: Maher &
Reid's Uncle Fuller a bye; K. Geary's Ireland
beat T. W. Bartels' Mac's Melody. 3-0; J. P.
Thrift's Brutus beat Ersklne & Jones' Laven
der, 10-0: Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat J.
P. Thrift's St. Michael. 4-2; C. Bonar"s Wild
Norah beat II. Lynch's Gamecock, 4-0: Maher
& Reid's Bad Boy beat P. ReiUy"8 Lerty Gran
ard, 9-7; >'. J. lleilly's Honesty beat V. Jones'
Wedgwood, 6-2; J. Sutton's Master Lawrence
beat J. Dean's Warco, 3-0; Pasha Kennels'
Rollicking Airs beat F. A. MeComb's Bonnie
Pn«ha, 4-2; F.- Jones' Harleon Gladys beat
Pasha Kennels' Belle. Claire. 4-0; E. Geary's
Palo Alto beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne,
3-2; E. M. Kelloggr's Sweet Emma beat Aeneid
Kennels' Achilles, 8-4: J. P. Thrift's Forget
beat Thomas McCool's Finn JIcCooI. 5-0; .1. Kee
nan's Lady Sears beat J. Holden's Scottlsn
Chief, 12-9: Curtis & Sons' Anchor beat H. A
Peckelman's Belle Rocket, 6-4; C. O. Peterson's
Silver Cloud beat George Sharman's Chicago
Boy, 6-4: O. Zahl's Miss Wilson beat D. J.
Healey's NIcaslo. 6-">; M. Dunlea'a Erin beat
M. H. Sheehan's Stam B. 3-1; EJ. M. KelloKg's
Iowa Boy beat Curtis & Sons' War Eagle, 13-10;
P. J. Rellly's Royal Union beat Sterl &
Knowles' Ollta. 6-4; S. Handy's Twin City Girl
beat Aeneid Kennels' AKampmnnn, 14-9; Aeneid
Kennels' Fine Fire beat J. J. Keenan's Sleigh
Bells, 4-0: Oonne-11 Bros." Mamie Pleasant beat
J. Cane's Master DaveniK>rt. 6-0; P. Rellly's
Cascade beat J. Dean's Connemara, 5-0; Georee
Sharman's Miss Skyrocket beat Oonnell Bros.'
A FEW OFFICIALS WHO WERE MOST IN EVIDENCE AXD SOME OF THE PATRONS OF COURSING IN
THEIR SPECIALTIES AT UNION PARK YESTERDAY AS SEEN BY THE DISTORTED VISION OF WAR
REN, THE CALL CARTOONIST.
MARKSMEN MAKE
MERRY OVERPRIZES
Annual Banquet and Meeting of tha
Columbia Pistol and Bifid
Club.
The California Pistol and Rifla Club held
its annual meeting last night in a down
town restaurant and It took the form of
a sumptuous banquet, which all the mem
bers or the club and their ladles attended.
The president, Paul Becker, presided.
Next to tho menu the most Important
business of the evening was th* distribu
tion of the* prizes won during the year. It
was a poor shooter Indeed who did not
get a prize of some kind, and several got
more than one. The prizes were distrib
uted on the basis of the best scores of tha
year made at two hundred yard* with tho
rifle and fifty yards with the pistol. The
scores were as follows:
Class medals, ©pen to members ©sly; one
score per month, best five win:
Rifle: Experts— F. O. Young- won. 4S. 4». KJ,
66. 68—264; A. H. Pap* second. 43, 51. 84. 65.
E«— 265. Sharpshooters— C. M. Dalss won, 63.
63. 67, 75 76— 326. Marksmen— Georj» W. Hoad
ley won. 63. 73. 83. 103. 1C8— 437.
Pistol: Experts— F. O. Young: won, 13. 44, 43.
47. 4S— 217; G. M. Borley second. S3. 47. 43. 43.
67—233 (Young's sccre of 217 ties th» club rec
ord). Sharpshooters— Georse- W. Hoadley won,
41. 19. 61. 64, 63— TH. Marksmen— F. Haumana
won. 26. £3, 71. 73, 82— WS.
All comers and members' re-entry matches,
ten best scores; all comers' rifle medal — V.
O. Young won. 3S, 41. 42. 43. 43, 44. 44. 43. 47.
47—434. Members' rifle medal, experts barred—
George Mannel won, 10, 61. 67, 60, 63, 60, 83.
Tl. 66, 67— 64S; C. M. Dalss Beccnd, £8, 60. C3,
67. 67. 67. 64. 68. Tl. 64—630.
All comers, pistol medal (presented by "Wil
liam GUndeman)— F. O. Young won, 83, 40, 40,
40, 41. 41, 44, 44, 43. 46-420.
Members' pistol medal, experts barred (pre
sented by George Mannel) — Georgr* W. Hoadley
won. 41. 41. 43. 45. 43. 43. 52, 53. 64, 67— 4S3: Dr.
J. F. Twist second. 50. 50. 54. 64. 65, 65. 53. 53,
54. 64—532.
Dr. J. F. Twist's all comers' revolver medal—
C. M. Dalai won. 41. 42. 43. 48. 48, 45. 48, 47.
48, 49 — 454; F. O. Young second, 87, 43. 48, 48.
43, 61, 61. 81. 51. 51 — 473. Both men beat tha
revolver record for best tea scores.
Members' revolver medal, experts barred-
Paul Becker won. 47. 61. 84. 63. 60. 60. W. 62.
63. «4— 5S0.
All comers* military >nd repeating rU!a medal.
Creedmoor count — 5". O. Young- won, 4S, 43. 43.
48, 47, 47, 47, 47, 47, 47—474; A. H. Papa second,
43, 47. 47, 47, 47. 48. 48, 46. 46. 43—453; P. Becker
(30-30 carbine). 43. 47. 41. 48. 48. 43, 43. 43. 43,
43 — J53. Young gave Becker twenty points han
dicap, and forfeits tha medal to Becker fcy
four points.
All comers' 23 and 23 riflo medal (presented
by F. O. Young-)— Captain Fred Kuhnlft won.
18. 17. 17. 17. 13. 13. 15. 13. IX 10—180. Captain
Kuhnle beats the club record eleven points.
Members' 22 and 25 rt3a medal, experts barred
(presented by A. B. Dorrell) — Dr. J. F. Twist
won. 13, 19. M. 23. 23, 23, SI, 24. 14. 24—223;
Paul Becker second. 1&, 23, 22. 23. 24. 24. 23. 25. 25.
14—235; Mrs. C. F. Waltham third. 20. 22. M,
24. 28. 29. ». 27, 29. 29— to«.
Captain Fred Kuhnla presented a S o'clock
tea set to the lady making; most flags or shots
in the. 1 (Inch) ring". It wa3 wen by Mrs.
C. F. Waltham with 63.
Diploma for best all-round shooting was won
by K. O. Younc who tied tha record with. 4C3
points, two scores with each weapon: Rerol
ver S7. 43: pistol, 89. 40; twenty-two rifle,
20. 21; rifle, 38, 41; military. W, «3.
The scores made yesterday follow:
Twist revolver medal — C. M. Dais a, "41. *«. 47.
52 82; F. O. Young, 43. 43. 63.
Pistol medals— Qeorg-e "W. HowOey, 41, 41, 43,
63. 64. 62: Dr. J. F. Twist, 10, 84, 74, 73. M.
Twenty-two and twenty-flve> rlfl« medal—
Captain Fred Kuhnle. 13. 19, II. 22. S3. IS. 23;
Dr. J. F. Twist, 19, 24, 24, 24, 31.
Military and repeating; rifle medali. Creed
moor count— F. O. Youne, 43, 43. 43; P. Becker
(30-30 carbine). 43.
At 3 o'clock the team match was called,
with Captains FretJ Kuhnle and P. Becker.
This match calls for five- shots with rifle
and five shots with pistol. Th» member
making the best sccre 13 crowned "Chief*
for the ensuing year. This honor wis ¦won
by George W. Hoadley. Captain Becker's
team won with a total of 6C0, against Cap
tain Kuhnle'a 810.
Captain P. Becker, S3: F. CX T<run», «T) B.
Horey, 82: Oeorge 'W. Hoadley. 68: r>r. 3. F.
Twist, 95; r>r. H. "W. Hunsaker. 77; E. A.
Allen. 78; F. W. Pa«e. 129; Captain FrM
Kuhnle. S3; A. H. Pap«, 72; C. M. Daiss, fc>;
G. Mannel. 120; Mn. O. Mannel. 99; Mrs. C.
F\ "Waltham. 100; F. S. "Wa3h.bu.ra, 94: Corporal
Wuerschmldt, 161
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Beginning to-day Tanforan Park will
have a swing at the racing game for the
next two weeks. The opening card !s only
a fair one, giving tho cheaper class of
horses a chance. Later on Racing Secre
tary Power pays he has several very at
tractive events to put on, and as he has
had a world of experience some brilliant
sport can be looked foiward to.
Barney Schreiber has tiled a bond and
secured the release of eleven of his horses
which were recently attached. The
hprses released are Boundlee. Jerry Hunt.
Foul Play, Sebastiana, Miss Brunell,
Sweet William, Merida, Aluminum, First
Shot, Kingstelle and Santalus.
Following are the weights for the
Christmas handicap:
Racing Secretary Power Announces
the Weights for the Christmas
Handicap — Big, Field to
TANFORAN PARK
RACING OUTLOOK
A Card Which Gives the
Cheaper Class of Horses
an Opportunity.
NEW YORK. Dec. 16.— The six-day bi
cycle racers are suffering severely from
the effects of their riding. So severe has
been the test upon their systems, partic
ularly their nerves, that sleep was al
most an Impossibility for some of them
last night.
McKarland is In a much worse condition
than the others, owing to his fall Satur
day afternoon. His right kneo gave him
considerable trouble to-day.
Gouglotz is at the hospital, but expect3
to be out in a few days. Klltes" manager
stated that his man was in far the bvst
condition. He slept well all night, an.1
then partook of a hearty breakfast. Ho
accounted for Kikes' good condition by
saying that Eikes had not been given any
arugs or stimulants. Turvllle and Aaron
son, who were taken to the hospital on
account of injuries received, will prob
ably be out in a few days.
McFarland Is in Much Worse Condi
dition Than the Others Ow
ing to His Fall Sat-
Sleep an Impossibility for
the Greater Number
of Them.
BICYCLE RIDERS
STILL SUFEERING
The Columbia. College football team will
come to California and play two games
with the football team of the University
of California on Christmas and New
Year's day.
This was definitely decided upon at a
meeting held at the Beta Theta Pi fra
ternity house In Berkeley Saturday night
at which various members of the Univer
sity of California football team. Manager
P.eno Hutchinson and others interested
In university football were present. A tel
egram was sent to New York accepting
all of th» terms proposed by the Columbia
College management.
Ever since the ThankFgiving day foot
b*.'.: garo« efforts have been made to ar
r-.'-t 1 " a game for Christmas day. At firpt
It was proposed that the University of
California play th^ Stanford University a
second pame, but this suggestion very
Boon died a natural death. Then it was
proposed that a frame be arranged with
some Eaftern team, and Columbia Col
lege, which had a remarkably strong team
this year, came into prominence. Colum
bia was looking for an opportunity to
come to California and at first tried to
arraripe a game with the winner of the
Thanksgiving day game. But Stanford
University thought that Columbia College
wanted too mucSi and dropped the nego
tiations.
Berkeley has been anxious to do some
thing more on the football field and con-
Bldered the terms asked by Columbia and
finally decided to ecoept them. The terms
provide for a guarantee of all expenses
and a percentage of the net receipts of
the garaos in California,
There will be two games in California,
one In San Kranclsoo on Christmas day.
end one in Los Angeles on New Year's
day. Manager Hutchinson will have
charge of the arrangements for both
games, and has already telegraphed to
secure grounds in Los Anpeles for the
frame in that city. The University of Cal
ifornia team will go into training at once
for the game, which is only eight days
off.
One Game in San Francisco on Christ
mas and One in Los An
geles on New
Year's.
California and Columbia
Teams Agree to Play
Football.
WESTERN MEN
VERSUS EASTERN
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— The committee
of the Protective Association of Profes
sional Baseball Players, composed of
Hugh Jennings, C. C. Griffith and Charles"
L. Zlmmer, who presented their claims to
the National League magnates during the
week, to-day issued the following state
ment:
"The refusal of the National League
magnates to consider and discuss with us
seriatim our requests as representatives of
the Protective Association of Baseball
Players, and their tailless resolution—
which is probably intended to express in
words their complete ignoring of the
said requests collectively, without any
adequate reason therefor — seem to require
us. as such representatives, to make the
following statement to all the members
of our association and to the public:
"And we shall continue to stand, as we
have always stood, tor the avoidance of.
a 'baseball war,' if that be possible.
"We recognize and shall respect the
inviolability of all actual contract obliga
tions.
"So member of our association who
during the past season played in the Am
erican League shall at present sign a
contract to play the present season in the
National League, or vice versa.
"Pursuant to our by-laws, none of the
members of our association shall sign a
contract for the coming season which
has not been approved by our associa
tion."
PLAY GOOD BALL.
Los Angeles Teams Dsfeat tho Other
Clubs in Fast Contests — Iburg
Pitches Splendidly.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 16.— San Diego was
completely outclassed to-day by the
Levy*. The home team piled up six runs
against a nest of goose-eggs for the visit
ors, lburg of the Levys pitched a re
markable game, considering the fact that
he was in the box yesterday. Frank
Chance was struck in the ear by a pitched
ball from Devereaux and was knocked
senseless. He suffered a slight concussion
of the brain, but his Injuries are not se
rious. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Leryt 20200200 •-« 8 2
San* Diego 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0 5 3
Batteries — Iburg and Peters; Devereaux and
Kellur. Umpire — Farley.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 16.— The
game between San Bernardino and Maier
& Zobeleins of Los Angelea resulted in a
victorv for the former by a score of 3 to 2.
It was one of the finest exhibitions of
baseball witnessed for a long time. Jones
and Held pitched good and were well sup
ported by their respective teams. The fea
ture of the game was the running one
hand catch by Courtney. Attendance 515.
Score:
Clube— ' R. H. E.
San Bernardino. 10000200 »-3 < 2
M. & Z 00000200 0-2 4 0
Batteries — Jones and llaneerina; Held and
Adams. Umpire — Tnurman.
Association Will Do All in Its Power,
as Heretofore, to Prevent a
Possible Baseball
War.
Claim They Were Ignored
by the National League
Magnates.
BULL PLAYERS
STATE THEIR CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, iMON DAY, DECEMBER 17, 1900.
CALIFORNIA FOOTBALL PLAYERS TO TACKLE COLUMBIANS
Fast in Any Company He Fulfills the Oft Quoted Prediction, "Noth
ing Can. Touch Him if He Does Not Hesitate."
PALO ALTO, EMIN PASHA'S SPEEDY
SON, CAPTURES THE BIG STAKE
Fourth
6
An Alleged Japanese Embezzler.
Detective Dlnan returned from Seattle
yesterday morning with Yoshumalsu
Taulnlchl, who was booked at the City
Prison on a charge of felony embezzle
ment. He 13 accused by Yoshi Koraal
wife of a Japanese merchant In San J03V
of embezzling' $2000. which she *.ad sent
him at various times to deposit In bank
In her name. He fled to Seattle and wa?
arrested there on a dispatch from Captain
Seymour.
Sister Sanghanitta, the Buddhist con
vert, will deliver a free public lecture on
"Buddhism and Its Relation to Other
Religions," at the Academy of Sciences
Hall Wednesday evening.
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from the
depth riven by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
HOKSB. Age Weight
IO
"5SB.
FavonlU3 4 1C4
Advance Guard 3 113
V'esuvian 3 113
Bangor 4 118
What-er-Lou 6 115
P. \Y. Brode 3 US
Gonfalon 3 113
Andrisa 3 112
Sam Fullen 3 112
Eddie Jones 5 110
Gre-yfeld 4 110
John Baker" « VH
Scales 3 103
The Lady 3 10S
Formero "4 108
Vlncitor 6 101
Autumn 4 107
Rosermon<ie 5 107
Lavatur * 10 *»
Precursor 3 lto
Star Chamber 3 IOj
Sir Rolla. 5 10o
The Fretter * Ma .
Imperious 5 lOo
Florizar S 1«J
Colonel Roosevelt 3 J£ 4
Malay ? 1«
Babbler * J°*
St. Simonian » 104
Greenock 3 }£l
Scotch Plaid 5 10-
FJrst Tenor * 1°°
Speciflc 3 J22
Lothian « J~
El Mldo *
Bell Punch » f J
Mortsago \ **
The Bobby * ¦*
Morinel | |'
My Gypsy * 58
Lamachus * "
Locochee ? ~
Bathos * "
Jennie Reid * |?
La Borgia *
V Time
E5
1?',., 0;69
u ... iiUi
I» ,,. 4:8.1
tO ,., liU
81 ... 4:M
, II W
23 ... O:S5
23... 1:14
Fi,
1.0
1.1
a.i
s.i
1 'I'll lie
H W
t!«
8:19
8:63
9:»
10 :M
t. w
4:BS
6:40
Tlnin Time
l^t, «, pt,
U W II W
8.4 »:54 O.« »:<8 3.7
t.t- 8:30 0.2 10:35 4.0
6.7 4:M-O.: il:i» 4.1
8.8 4:33-0.? 11:53 4.8
5,» B:l«— 0.7
H W 1. w :
S.2 10:1$ 6.9 3:33 —0.8
3.1 11:33 5.8 6:33—0.7
. 4,0
4.8
Rteamer.
I Destination. I
Balls.
I Pier.
_ 1
W. KniRer. Grays Harbor Dec. 17. 6 pm Pier 13
Walla Wai. Vic & Pet Sd. Dec. 17. 11 am Pier 9
Eureka .... IluraMdt Dec. 17. 9 am Pier 13
San Pedro.. Humboldt Dec. 18, 10 am Pier 2
Empire .... Coos Bay Dec. 18, 12 m Pier 13
Argo CoqullleRlv.. Dec 18, 10 am Pier —
City Para.. Pan.'A W>y.. Dec. 18, 12 m PMS3
Itonita Newport Dec 18. 9 am Pier 11
St. Paul Panama Dec 18. 2 pm Pier 34
Mandalay . Coquilleniv.. Dec 18, 10 am Pier 2
Hathor .... Hajnbft&Way Dec. 18, Pier 27
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Dec. 19. 9 am Pier 20
Pomona ...Humboldt Dec. 19, 2 pm Pier »
O. W. Elder Portland Dec 19. 11 am Pier U
Queen ...... San Dieso.... Dec 19. 9 am Pier 11
Nome City. Seattle Dec. 19, 5 pm Pier —
Fulton Astorla&Ptld Dec. 20 4 pm Pier —
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 20, 10 am Pier 2
C. Xeleon.:. Seattle * Taco Dec. 21, ... Pier —
North Fork Humboldt Dec 21. 9 am Pier 2
Corona Newport...... Dec 21 9 am Pier 11
Coptic ...... Cnlna&Japan r>c. 23.' l pm PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec to. 2 pm Pier a
Rainier .... Se*t&N.Wha. Dei n. «£ 2.
UmaUlla .. Vic & Pgt Sd. Dei S Um PtZ^
Steamer. I From. I d U9#
Mandalay Coqutlle River Deo. IT
O. W. Elder.... Portland f>ir &
Fanta Barbara. Humboldt nZc 1'
Empire Coos Bay "" r,' :X
Tttanla N'analmo * * 5!?* H
Mackinaw Seattle.... g!^ Ji
Fulton Portland and Astoria'"" iw' w
Samoa Humboldt .. U
Pomona HumboM: '"" fj:^ *;
Nam* City .... Seattle " £"• "
Mattewan Tacoma rw ,
.::::: 23£%^i£M S
R^nier Seattle & New What'co'm r*£ u
Corona Newport irw i^
Crescent City.. Crescent City.. ..'.'.'.'..'" i^c' 20
Santa Rosa .... San Dleiro.....!.." f£°" S
Arcata Coos Bay XX
San Bias Nanalmo ...V" gj?
Point Arena... Point Arena " f£c
Zealan41a Honolulu rZZ' Zl
Columbia Portland rwi" i>
Rival WJllapa Harbor.."!"" Dec S>
Grac« Dollar... Grays H.irbor n-c' Tn
Eureka Humboldt Dec"
Colon Panama & Way Ports D*c" »i
Newburg Grays Harbor Dec'.
HOKSB. Age Weight
IO
"5SB.
FavonlU3 4 1C4
Advance Guard 3 113
V'esuvian 3 113
Bangor 4 118
What-er-Lou 6 115
P. \Y. Brode 3 US
Gonfalon 3 113
Andrisa 3 112
Sam Fullen 3 112
Eddie Jones 5 110
Gre-yfeld 4 110
John Baker" « VH
Scales 3 103
The Lady 3 10S
Formero "4 108
Vlncitor 6 101
Autumn 4 107
Rosermon<ie 5 107
Lavatur * 10 *»
Precursor 3 lto
Star Chamber 3 IOj
Sir Rolla. 5 10o
The Fretter * Ma .
Imperious 5 lOo
Florizar S 1«J
Colonel Roosevelt 3 J£ 4
Malay ? 1«
Babbler * J°*
St. Simonian » 104
Greenock 3 }£l
Scotch Plaid 5 10-
FJrst Tenor * 1°°
Speciflc 3 J22
Lothian « J~
El Mldo *
Bell Punch » f J
Mortsago \ **
The Bobby * ¦*
Morinel | |'
My Gypsy * 58
Lamachus * "
Locochee ? ~
Bathos * "
Jennie Reid * |?
La Borgia *
Steamer. I From. I d U9#
Mandalay Coqutlle River Deo. IT
O. W. Elder.... Portland f>ir &
Fanta Barbara. Humboldt nZc 1'
Empire Coos Bay "" r,' :X
Tttanla N'analmo * * 5!?* H
Mackinaw Seattle.... g!^ Ji
Fulton Portland and Astoria'"" iw' w
Samoa Humboldt .. U
Pomona HumboM: '"" fj:^ *;
Nam* City .... Seattle " £"• "
Mattewan Tacoma rw ,
.::::: 23£%^i£M S
R^nier Seattle & New What'co'm r*£ u
Corona Newport irw i^
Crescent City.. Crescent City.. ..'.'.'.'..'" i^c' 20
Santa Rosa .... San Dleiro.....!.." f£°" S
Arcata Coos Bay XX
San Bias Nanalmo ...V" gj?
Point Arena... Point Arena " f£c
Zealan41a Honolulu rZZ' Zl
Columbia Portland rwi" i>
Rival WJllapa Harbor.."!"" Dec S>
Grac« Dollar... Grays H.irbor n-c' Tn
Eureka Humboldt Dec"
Colon Panama & Way Ports D*c" »i
Newburg Grays Harbor Dec'.
Rteamer.
I Destination. I
Balls.
I Pier.
_ 1
W. KniRer. Grays Harbor Dec. 17. 6 pm Pier 13
Walla Wai. Vic & Pet Sd. Dec. 17. 11 am Pier 9
Eureka .... IluraMdt Dec. 17. 9 am Pier 13
San Pedro.. Humboldt Dec. 18, 10 am Pier 2
Empire .... Coos Bay Dec. 18, 12 m Pier 13
Argo CoqullleRlv.. Dec 18, 10 am Pier —
City Para.. Pan.'A W>y.. Dec. 18, 12 m PMS3
Itonita Newport Dec 18. 9 am Pier 11
St. Paul Panama Dec 18. 2 pm Pier 34
Mandalay . Coquilleniv.. Dec 18, 10 am Pier 2
Hathor .... Hajnbft&Way Dec. 18, Pier 27
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Dec. 19. 9 am Pier 20
Pomona ...Humboldt Dec. 19, 2 pm Pier »
O. W. Elder Portland Dec 19. 11 am Pier U
Queen ...... San Dieso.... Dec 19. 9 am Pier 11
Nome City. Seattle Dec. 19, 5 pm Pier —
Fulton Astorla&Ptld Dec. 20 4 pm Pier —
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 20, 10 am Pier 2
C. Xeleon.:. Seattle * Taco Dec. 21, ... Pier —
North Fork Humboldt Dec 21. 9 am Pier 2
Corona Newport...... Dec 21 9 am Pier 11
Coptic ...... Cnlna&Japan r>c. 23.' l pm PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec to. 2 pm Pier a
Rainier .... Se*t&N.Wha. Dei n. «£ 2.
UmaUlla .. Vic & Pgt Sd. Dei S Um PtZ^
V Time
E5
1?',., 0;69
u ... iiUi
I» ,,. 4:8.1
tO ,., liU
81 ... 4:M
, II W
23 ... O:S5
23... 1:14
Fi,
1.0
1.1
a.i
s.i
1 'I'll lie
H W
t!«
8:19
8:63
9:»
10 :M
t. w
4:BS
6:40
Tlnin Time
l^t, «, pt,
U W II W
8.4 »:54 O.« »:<8 3.7
t.t- 8:30 0.2 10:35 4.0
6.7 4:M-O.: il:i» 4.1
8.8 4:33-0.? 11:53 4.8
5,» B:l«— 0.7
H W 1. w :
S.2 10:1$ 6.9 3:33 —0.8
3.1 11:33 5.8 6:33—0.7
. 4,0
4.8Miss Janet Church as Cleopatra.
Shirran Willing to Appear.
Edward Shirran, the youns attorney,
wRose blow given to H. Benjamin on tho
night of November 9 may cause the aged
auctioneer's death, has telephoned to the
Chief of Police from Modesto testifying
his willingness to deliver himself up to
justice if wanted. Shirran knocked Ben
lamin down, claiming that the latter had
jostled bta wlfa a* tn«y passed him. B«n-
Jamln/i akull was fractured m4 ha fcu
crown steadily wort* ainca.
Richmond Buildings Blown Down.
Two buildings were demolished at Rich*
mond by Friday's storm— a livery stabll
and a Chinese laundry. A. M. Colemaii
proprietor of the livery stable, was caughi
under the falllnp structure and almost
crushed to death. This building was not
quite completed. Coleman was taken to
Stockton on the evening train. His in
juries are lni^rnal.
The Chinese laundry was a two-story
frame structure. ¦ not quite completed.
The Chinaman escaped unscathed, but th*
building was strewn all over the hillside.
E Mississippi, 100 S Twenty-fifth. 50x100. ?500:
Clara Schnable' to William Wlnkler, N Broad
avenue, *105 W Marengo. 27:6x25, J3C0; John O.
McMenomy to William A. Irvine, W Douglass,
f8:8 S Twenty- first, 50x125, $1000; Ida Precht to
John Pforr, eight lots in Mission-street Land
Company's Tract. $500; Silas and Adelaide Bell
to Washington Meeks. W Oxford. 200 S Olm
stead, 120x100. W Amherst, 100 N Mansell,
120x100. W Bowdoin. 100 S Olmstead. 120x100;
Mary C. and Erik Boos to William R. Gard
ner, W Crane. 100 N Salinas avenue. 25x100;
Samuel J. Kingston to Robert R. Hind.
NW K street, 221:2x103:11x192. $1000: Marie
Monferran to Richard S. Williams, E Scott.
32:6 S Fell, S7:6.\27:G, J500; John A. and Belle
Hoots to L. .If. Sly. S Fourteenth, 152 E Castro,
26x115, $4000; estate of Martin Kerr to Frank
Dooly. SE York and Twenty-fifth, 140x100x50x90.
$800; Frank Dooly to Andrew J. Dooly. undl
.vided one-half E York, 90 S Twenty-fifth, 50x
100, $800; Andrew J. and Bridget Dooly to
Frank Dooly, undivided one-half SE Twenty
fifth and York, 50x90. $800; Sarah B. Tazack
erly to Mary E. Hubbard, E Guerrero, 114 N
Twenty- third, 27x50, $4000; San Francisco Sav
ings Union to Herbert W. Witham, E Sanchez
2C4 S Twenty-second, 24x111 :6xl00x2l:6x76, $1350;
Eugene and Minnie J. O' Donne!! to George H.
and Hattie Drew. S Twenty-ninth. 250 W
Church. 25x11). $15C0; American Surety Company
of New York to Sarah J. Mills, W Noe, 101:6
N Elizabeth. 25x100, $500; Jacob Heyman Com
pany to Charles Kellle, W Hoffman avenue,
47:6, S Twenty-third 4xlC0, $1000: Isaac L. Hoff
man and Pauline Hoffman to William Hehcke.
NE Clay and Leavenworth 30x34, $13,000: F. O.
and Maria Joh&nson to Elizabeth and Edward
Walter, NE Stanley place. 121:6 SE Harrison,
25x100, $2C00; Charles B. and Mary E. Greene
to Alphonse J. Mervy. NW De Boom. 250 NE
Second. 25xS0, S15C0; Mabel L. Stonebcrger to
Anna E. Hsntrich. W, First avenue, 150 N Cali
fornia. 47:6x120. $3500: Henry C. and Frances
McClure to Amelia M. Petrle, S California
street, 92 E Fourth avenue, - 2SxlOO, $1000; Ada
P. McMahan to Tlllle Clauje.n. S L street. 37:6
E Twenty-eighth avenue, 5CxlC0, $100; W. E.
and Delia F. Brown to William H. Crocker,
SE Sacramento and Webster, 66:4Hxl32:8ft. $20.
000: Owen Kelly and Frederick W. Bridge to
William and Emelle Bohle. S Twentieth, 25 W
Alabama, 50x104. $1500; W. E. and Delia F. N.
Brown to William H. Crocker. SE Pine and
ints Union to Herbprt W. Witham. E Sanch»z
O'Learyto Matthew Nuna, NW. Market 200
NE City Hall square, 25x100; SE City Hall ave
nue. 200 NE City Hall square. 25x100, HE City
Hall avenue, 227 NE City Hall square, 23x100,
$62,5C0; Helen C. Roach to Pacific States Tele
phone and Telegraph Company, lot on the
northwest line of Natoma street, 392:6 north
east of Third. 20x70, $4000; Henry E. and
Jennie Bothen to Pacific States Telephone and
Telegraph Company, lot on southeast line of
Minna street, 331:4'/4 northeast of Third,
30:4%xS0. $5500; Wells, Russell & Co. to the
Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar. lot on
northwest line of Mission' street, 275 north
east of Fifth, 37:6x160, $30,000; L. M. Hoefler
to Charles i S. > Wheeler, all Interest In lot on
the east corner of Townsend and Sixth streets,
137:6x137:6, $500; W. E. and Delia F. N. Brown
to. William H. Crocker, lot on southwest cor
ner H street and Thirty-eighth avenue. 60Dx
240, $5500;- Letltia Steuart and Arthur ; Brandt
to Richard D. Chandler, lot on north line • of
Turk street, 100 west. of Scott, 68x137:6. '$13,000;
William and Jennie,- Helblng to Hans M.
Smith, lot on east line of. York street. 122:6
north of Twenty-second,,. 25x100, $2300; Sharon
Estate Company * to ! Henry E. \ Bothin, lot on
south line of Clay street, 325 east of Drumm.
30x119:6. $8,500: Emily S. Newell and • Henry . W.
Cadman to George W. H: -Patterson, lot on
north line of Pine street, 50 west of Taylor,
25x75. $5500; Stella F. Burton to Lena A.
Dumourlez, lot on west line of Hyde street.
60 north of Filbert, 77:6x137:6, $S500; Rachel
and Solomon Goldberg j to Isaac Jacobs, lot on
southeast line of Tehama street, 275 northeast
of Sixth, 25x80, $2000;- estate of < John' Flynn to
John A. Me Gee, lot on' south 'liner of Clemen
tina street, 300 east of Sixth, -25x75.' $5000; Pat
rick O'Brien to Philip O'Brien.-, lot on east line
of Twelfth avenue, 100 south of K street, 60x
130, $1500; Charles W. and Mary A. ', Pope to
Carl G. I.arsen, lot on west Hn« of Nineteenth
avenue. 132:6 south of Q street. 78:1x240:4, $1000:
Jane Martin et al. to Joseph P. Cassldy, lot
on northwest line of Cheney street. 163 north
east of Mat 00, 60jcl00, $1000; Charles Black to
Joseph M. Strauss, lot on south line of Ellis
street. 205:6 east of Buchanan, 25x120, $3500;
estate of Amelia V. R. Pixley to Stephen A.
Born, lot on west line of Fillmore. 137:6 north
of Green. 25x118:9, $1400; L. H. and Lizzie Sly
to John A. Hoots, lot on north line of Filbert
street. 133:9 west of Brod»rick. S0xt37:6. $2000:
Crocker Estate Company to Isabella Fraser.
half of lot on the west line of Shrader street.
30 south of Waller, 5x106:3, $3fl0; Albert Meyer
to Jacob Heyman. lot on north line of Jack
son street. 127 west of Walnut. 87:«xl27:8W.
SSOOO: Maria Hayes and John H. Coulter to
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society. S corner
Kisllng and Eleventh, -106:6x145:9%. $17.sm>;
Merchants' Loan Association to ! Frederick
Fischer. N Twenty-sixth. 106:8 E Noe, 28x114.
J20CO; Bank of California to Pacific States. Tele
phone and Telegraph Company. N Sacramento.
141 E Montgomery. 40x60. ?20,000;- Elizabeth
Milloglav to John M. Ivancovich r undivided
one-half E Leavenworth. 70 N; Jackson, 22:t>
x70. $1200; William McCullnuuh fto Peter and
Margaretta Hofmelpr, NE Mess/place. l\& NW
Fclffom, 2ix"o. $2500; John D. Richards to H.
L. Miller. E Eighteenth avenue, 175 N B street,
150x120, S15C0; George H. Asliton to J. W.
Wright & Sons Investment Company, W Forty
sixth avenue. 100 S N street. 123x130, $500; Pat
rick H. and Mary A. Stapton to Max Strauss,
W Florence, 100 N Randolph. 100x100, $5C0.
A probate and miscellaneous auction
sale will be held , Tuesday by Easton.
Eldrldge & Co. The properties are on the
north side of California street, near
Gough; on Baker, near Sutter; on Page,
near Lyon. on Scott, near Fell; on Bran
nan, near Third: on South Park street,
near Third, and -78 Clementina, near Sec
ond; also on Presidio Heights and In the
Mission.
The larger mortgages placed on record
during the last week are:
Elizabeth T. Joy to the Mutual Savings Bank,
E corner Market and Spear. 45:10x137:6. $10,000,
five years at 6 per cent: William Wolf to the
Security Savings Bank. NE Ellis, 27:6 E Octa
via, N Ellis, 163 E Octavia, W Gough, 100 N
Ellis, $15,000.
More ¦ Important releases are tlie fol
lowing:
Mutual Savings Bank to Jacob ar.tl . Mary
Martensteln. SW Battery and Pacific, $10,000;
German Savimrs and Ixtan Society to Earl C.
Roluffs and Henry J.Woebke, SW Fulton and
Webster, $12,500; . Hlbernia Savings and Loan
Society to Lizzie R." Sullivan, NW Market,
218:1% SW Van Ness. $10,000.
Contracts have been entered Into for tha
following building operations:
Carl Ruppert with Paul Mager, for frame cot
tage on S line ot . Army, near Folsom, $1545;
Flshbeck & Glootz with Robert McKlllican,
for additions to a two-story and basement fac
tory building on SW Santa Clara and Ds HarJ,
$2619: 'Herbert E. Law with Malloy & Swenson
and C. a. = Stuhr, for mill :work.. carpentering,
plastering, plumbing,- etc.. • for finishing three
two-story frame dwellings on ,E Van Nesa
avenue, 60 S of Green and for moving old build
ing to new position. $14,363: San Francisco Dry
Dock Company > with City Street Improvement
Company,' Charles C. Moore & Co.. Henshaw,
Bulkley* Co. and W. T. Garratt & Co.. for
construction of engine house and other build
ings for pumpn, engines and floodgates, etc .
for * complete : dry ' dock, $83,049; -Union Trust
Company (as trustees of the estate of Samuel
Lachman) with; Louis Young, for plumbing
In building SE Brannan, 275 NE Fourth, $2138.
Lot on the west side of Claytor. street, 133
foet south of Waller street, size 25x125 feet,
with two flats. $5500; lot on the west side of
Central avenue, 100 feet north of Waller street,
23x112:6 feet, with three-flat building. $C00; lot
tn the east line of Iowa street, 150 feet south
of Twenty-third street, 75x100 feet; lot on itv.
south line cf Clipper street, 180 feet west of
Sanchez street, 24:6x114 feet. $2000; lot on the
northeaft corner of Steiner and Fi!lmor»
streets, with a frontage of 31:9x120 feet. $1800:
lot on the south side of. Greenwich street. 100
fo«t west of Steiner stim, 25x137:6 feet. $850:
lot en the east line of Juerrero street, 114 feet
north of Twenty-third street. 27x50 feet, with
two flats. $2750; lot on the BOUth side of Cum
berland etreet, 10 fc-et west of Church. 60x115,
with Improvements, $1400: lot on the west side
of Clavtrm street. 32 feet north of Frederick
street *27x&6:10'£, $2050; lot on the west side of
Mississippi street, 100 feet north of Twenty
fifth Etreet. 2rul00. J400; lot on the east line of
Ktevenson street, 120 north of Fourteenth
street, 25xC5 feet. JSOO: lot on the west eide of
Mississippi street. 125 feet north of Twenty
flfth street. 25x100. $400.
Lyon & Hoa* also report a good demand for
lots In the block being offered by them, owned
by the Pixlcy estate, between Fillmore and
Steiner, Union and Green street*, and the fol
low! nsr Bales have been made there:
Lot on the east line of Steiner street. 100 feet
north of Greon street. 25x127:6 feet. $1500. to Dr.
Donald McC. Gedge. who will commence the
erection of a fine two-6tory residence to be used
bv himself a» a home Immediately; two lots on
the west side of Fillmore street. 137:6 feet north
of Grwn street, to Stephen A. Born, builder,
who has already begun the erection of two
buildings, one of which is to contain two mod
ern flats of 6 and 7 rooms each, and on the
other lot one two-story residence of 8 rooms.-
Sol Getz & Brother report the following
pales* 60x125 and improvement* on north line
Montana street, near Capitol avenue-, for $650;
25x120. west line Ninth avenue, 175 feet aouih
Since last week Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co.
eold ten more lots on the Great Highway,
Adolph Sutro estate, at $300 a lot; also a lot
and cottage on the west line of Noe street,
C4 feet north of Clipper, 25 by 85 feet, $2400,
by Glen B. Mlllor to Mrs. E. L. Perlcy.
Lyon & Hoag report the following recent
n1tf
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. report tho fol
lowing pales: Mrs. F. B. Crocker's house.
Clay and Franklin streets, to Lewis Meyer-
Ft-?in; lot 102:8Vi by 112:6 feet; price $45,000:
also to the J. \V. Wright Investment Company
block 730 of outside lands and half of block
932; price in th« neighborhood of $5000; also the
following: Taylor estate to Jacob Wagner, lot
on the 6outh line of Fourteenth street, 175 feet
east of Sanchez, 25 by 125 feet, $1503; Do Voe
estate to William McCormack, lot and brick
building on the south line of Washington
stret-t, 97*i feet west of Montgomery. 20 by 46
feet. $6000; Greenwood Estate Company to
Charles W. Eutro. lot on north line of Jackson
ftiwt (Presidio Heights District). ISO feet west
of Maple, M by 122 feet, $5000; Mrs. M. E.
Parkhurst to Henry E. Bothin. lot and Im
provements on the north line of Natoma street,
1S9H feet west of First. 46:6 by 75 feet. $5120;
Albert Meyer to Jacob Heyman, lot on north
line of Jackson street (Presidio Heights Dis
trict), 12:14 feet west of Walnut. 87H by 127:8^4
feet. Two fine residences are to be erected on
this lot for Mr. Herman's daughter and for
Mr*. Erranuel, who has Just sold her home
on raciflo avenue. The price paid for the lot
was $$000.
The sales placed on record during tho
past week make up a total of $349,900. The
large auction Bale in the middle of the
week realized $510,350. Add these together
and also Include several large sales that
are known to have been effected and the
week will have a record that looks some
thing like $1,000,000. It Is true that many
of the sales were effected earlier. Making
allowance for these, the total is sufficient
to show that the claims of the brokers
that the market is in fin© shape rests
upon a basis of fact.
Lucy V., Gertrude H. and Arthur E. Kellom
to Sara. Gottunjr, E Folsom, 223 8 Twenty
fifth. 23x112:6, $1500; Charles F. L>. and Olivia
Hastings and William T. and Komletta J. Wal
lace to Dlederlch W. Tletjen, N\V Jackson and
Drumm, 60x60, $18,500; James E. and Ellen
O'Connor to Martha Halje, SW Dikeman place
end Mason, 20x60, $20,C00; Benjamin Healey to
James and Katie Hagerty. NW Hunt. 160 NE
Third, 20x15. $1500: Harriet P. Crlsty to Abra
ham Ruef. \V Twenty-fourth avenue, 390:4 N
B street. 7Sxl5O. $1000; Mary E. Snaton to Jacob
Goldberg-. SW B street and Nineteenth avenue.
240x100. $2000; Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller
t& George W. and Mary FrlnJc, K Twenty-sixth
avenue. 130 N California. 37:6x120. $1000; Paul
and Clara Friedman to Victor and Alblna Mo
reKfrla, NE Union and Octavia, 85x34:6%, $2500;
Hibernta. Savings and Loan Society to Au
gustus J. Ranken, S Twenty-fifth. 100 E Dolo
res, £0x110, J1G0O; Hamilton and Flora Otis to
James Otis. NW Greenwich and Sansomo.
91:8x63:9. $500: Mary B. Perryman to David
Kerr, NE Fifth, 83 NW Mission, 25x75, $12,500;
J. J. Rauer to Mery L. O'Malley, SE Minna.
125 NE ' Sixth, 2T>x75, and W Eleventh : avenue.
225 S Point Lobos avenue, 25x120, $350; Anasta
ela Denny to same, same two "pieces,, S1000;
Henry W. and Elsa Frank, to Christian" Froe
fich, NW Howard. • 337 8W • Fifth.' 47x75, $5000;
Calherlna Ilemmelmann to Joseph B. Cory ell,
Hooker & Lent sold a new house at 2302
Vallejo street, on the north line, 27x1*)
to L,. F. Weaver for $11,000.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag secured $54,000
for the property on the south line of Mis
sion .street. 91:8 feet east from Bea'.e,
45:10x127:6. The seller was F. C. Peters
and the purchaser N. K. Masten.
Raymond, Baldwin & Co. sold for $13oO
three lots, 50x100. on College Heights and
five lots in Ros3 Valley, in the Sidney
Smith tract, for $375 to $500 each.
The following transactions have been
placed on record:
Easton & Eldridere sold the Mammy
Pleasant property on the south line of
Butter street, 20G feet west from Taylor,
45:10x137:0. for $2C,000 at trustee's sale.
Thomas Macee & Sons sold a lot 23x
137:6 on the north line of Vallejo street.
43 feet east from Fillmore. for $5100; also
a lot 27:6x137:6 on the north line of Pine
etreet. 1110 feet west from Franklin, for
$5000.
A. M. Speck & Co. made the following sales:
Property cf the Sllverstone estate on the
northeast line of Sixth street, 125 feet southwest
from Harrison. 75x90, with buirdlngs thereon,
paying an Income, for $22,600. the buyer being;
Dr. Sickles; south line of Geary street, near
Van Ness avenue, 97:6x120, with four rest
der.ces, to Mrs. Goodman, for $22,300; lot 40x
77:6, and Improvements, on the north line, of
Union street. 40 feet east of Jones, with lot
2r.:9xl2S:D, and Improvements on the north line
of Union street, between Mason and Taylor,
to A. Bond for J0OO0; lot 48x80, and improve
ments, on the west line of Moss street, between
Howard and Folsom. $6000; lot 27:6x£5. and flats
on the east line of Hampton place, between
Folsom and Harrison streets, $3200, * and a lot,
21x80, with improvements, at 22 De Boom
street, from Mrs. Mary E. Green to Dr. A. J.
Mervy for $14Gt>.
liurnham & Marsh Co. report the foil >wlng
fales: Lot 20x60, with good three-story build
ing, corner of Mason street and -Dlktrnian
Place, between Ellis and O'Farrell. for Jam.»i
O'Connor to Martin HoIJe. for $21,500; H. W.*
Frank to Christian Froelich. for $25,000, the
three-story brick huildins and lot 45x75 on
northwest line of Howard street, between Fifth
and Sixth, and three flats on northeast coiner
of Clay and Leavenworth streets, with lot 30.:
94. for I. L. Ilofmann to -William Hencke loi
$13,000.
of II street, for $900; 57:6xlCO, northeast corner
Forty-fourth avenue and K street, for JitW;
25xT27:0. east line of Sixteenth avenue. 150 feet
south of C street, for J300; 50x100, northwest
line of Edinburgh street, 150 feet northeqst
of France avenue, for $250; 50x125, south line
Montana >tr«;ot. between Capitol and Plymcuth
avenues for X200; 25x120, west line of Ninth
avenue. 273 feet north of L etreet, for ittOO.
MOVEMENT OF REALTY IN SAN FRANCISCO.
The first .device, then, of the author has
been to separate the, hero from the hero
ine and- engage our sympathy for the one
as against ¦ the other. : This plan is ac-
Is as our earinc"
But In this scandalous situation and in
the interchange of fondness which we In
common with the court followers over
hear we detect evidence that the blame
does not belong equally to Rome and
Egypt, and that Antony is not the prin
cipal in the case:
Cleopatra— "If It be love.lndeed, tell me how-
Antony— "There's beggary In love that can be
reckoned." . „ .
Cleopatra— "I'll set a bourn how far to be
beloved." •
A woman who solicits devotion In that
unblushing style and In the public ear
must bear the brunt of the general de
nunciation. We are ready to give the hero
more countenance than we at first sup
posed could be won from us. The sus
picion that his fault is chivalrous com
plaisance rather than Inherent sensuality
grows upon us when a few lines later
Cleopatra gibes him Into denying court
audience to the messengers. Cleopatra's
fear lest he give sober heed to his vast
concerns, and her need to use her utmost
control to keep him under, prove that to
her mind he is yet un-Egyptlanlzed and
will vindicate his Roman nature.
In the llrst part of the second scene the
real character of life In Egypt as lived at
the court cf Cleopatra Is painted In full
colors. A leaf from the record of the
days Is enacted to us. The general at
mosphere Is d.eadlv. and Enobarbus. once
a stalwart comrade of Antony's, la suc
cumbing to it. The soothsayer furnishes
the suggestion of higher standards and
nobler living foe the sake of contrast.
Alexas and Iras and Charmlan, nearest
attendants upon Cleopatra, fix the pitch
of the scene. When Cleopatra enters and
bids Enobarbus seek out the Emperor of
all the Orient and bring him to her the
let son Is complete and we are ready for
the next chapter. We are sure that An
tony understands how absurdly he is hen
pecked and will assert his manhood and
his rights.
The moment of change has, in fact, ar
rived. Antony enters with one of the
messengers lately refused audience in
Cleopatra's presence. Antony has sent
for him and is listening to his story with
concern. Antony Is not unaware of his
shortcomings and is ready to take up his
imperial tasks again:
Messenger— _ ' ¦ "Lablenus—
This is btltt news— hath, with his Parthian
force •
Extended Asia from Euphrates,
¦ Mis conquering banner shook from Syria
-To Lydla and Ionia: whilst " -
Antony — "Antony, thou wouldst say "
. . ¦ • Messenger— "Oh. my lord!"
Antony— "Speak to me home, mince not the
general tongue.
" Name Cleopatra as she is called In Rome.
Rail thou tn Fulvia's phrase, and taunt my
faults
¦ With such full license as both truth and
malice
Have . power to utter. Oh. then we bring;
- forth weeds -
When our quick minds lie still; and our ills
told us
"Look where they come!
Take but good note, and you shall see»ln him
The triple pillar of the world transformed
Into a strumpet's fool. Behold and see'.
his master dotes upon Cleopatra extrava
gantly and fatally:
"Nay. but this dotage of our general's
O'erflows the measure; those his goodly eyes.
That o'er the flies and musters of the war
Have glow'd like plated Mars, now bend,
now turn
The office and devotion of their view
Upon a tawny front."
With this testimony of one close to
Antony's person the title characters are
introduced. There Is all the pomp and
ceremony of an Oriental court; there are
eunuchs fanning the Egyptian sovereign:
there is a great train of bejeweled and
unworthy favorites, and Antony is danc
ing attendance in a most un-Roman and
compromising fashion. Philo is made to
serve us as the interpreter cf what we
see:
nature, to prepare for the sublime close.
Step by step he Idealizes the man, and
when the death scene Is passed we feel
that we have had before s us a truly tragic
figure, too highminded and chivalrous for
his times, and cut off because he would
not be niggardly and self-seeking. Had
he been less lavish of himself and of hl3
favors destiny would have had much
more ado to set him aside from the patii
appointed for Its favorite Augustus. -
With act 4 the tragedy of Antony Is
finished. We wonder how the author can
propose to go on to a climax with Cleo
patra In act 5. She Is shown to us In
the death scene in the act preceding In
what we feel Is almost her true charac
ter. She will not come down to the dy
ing Antony lest she be taken: she Insists
on jolting the bleeding body of her lover
up to her arms, though she Is aware of
the pain At causes. But the author finds
no difficulties, apparently, in his new
task. He needs but show us Cleopatra's
nature in its potencies and possibilities.
Reared In another environment she would
have been altogether admirable. Bred
under the corrupt influences of a decaying
civilization, pampered and spoiled almost
beyond example, she is nevertheless grand
In strength and vision. The same quali
ties, in some Christian centuries slnce«
nave enabled women not much better to
wield power far greater. The fear of
death, which has kept her long In bond
age, dissolves In the sublimity of her
dying thoughts. She hears Antony, as she
thinks, calling to her:
"Husband. I come!
Now to that name my courage prove ray title."
She has right Ideals and aspirations
now. never before has she cared to think
of herself as the wife of Antony. She has
thought to die beautiful, with her robo
and crown upon her. But she forgets her
finery and no longer watches herself In
the glass while Iras tricks her out:
"Tare, yare, good Iras; quick. • • •
So; have you done?
Ccme. then, and take the last warmth of my
lips.
Fare-n-ell, kind Channian. Iras, long; farewell."
She Is Immeasurably gTeat, now th«.t
her better nature Is aroused completely.
That she should die when she is just
ready to begin to live la of the essence
of tragedy. It Involves deeper tragedy
than the death of Antony, for Antony had
lived hl3 best. We bow to destiny, which
we have felt since Menas failed to move
Pompey. and Octavlus. shaking off the In
veiglements of drink. In the last scene of
act 4, is setting up the empire of the Cae
sars. Dolabella, who was her latest con
quest, stands between Cleopatra's dead
body and her Roman master. The play 13
closed with a few paragraphs of rare dig
nity and beauty. It Is a moral lesson of
deep earnestness and vision, and make?
for righteousness more potently than a
thousand sermons.
L. U. SHERMAN.
University of Nebraska.
The Orpheum has an especially attract
ive progiamme for the holiday season. Al
Shean and Charles L. Warren present
"Quo Vadis Upside Down." an original
travesty; Madame Doria. operatic vocal
ist, is the singer and comes with a splen
did European reputation; Mile. Christina
has an excellent animal show, and Truly
Shuttuck in burlesque is the other head
liner.
A production of Washington Irvlng's
"Bracebridge Hall." under the stage di
rection ot Leo Cooper, will bo given on
Wednesday evening at Odd Fellows' Hall
under the auspices of the British-Ameri
can Union. The music will be in charge
of Dr. H. J. Stewart and Wallace A. Sa
bin. Marquardt's orchestra will be in
attendance.
Cosill and Cooper's comedians will be
heard in "The Widow O'Brien" this week
at Fischer's Concert House. The comedy
programme is proving a most successful
innovation at the popular house.
Hunt's dng circus, Mabel Hudson and
the Dulcie sifters are the week's attrac
tions at the Olympia.
The new faces at the Chutes to-day are
Ahtrn and Patrick, Irish comedians; Rose
Lee Tyler, the creole nightingale: the
Martinez, Spanish dancers, and Juliet
Chandler, coon shouter.
• « •
Ihe last week of "Madame Butterfly"
begins this eveninp at the Alcazar Thea
ter, and the dainty play will be preceded
by 'A Serious Tangle." announced as the
"funniest of all faices." The Japanese
playlet Is becoming quite a rage, large
crowds greeting it every performance.
Sherman & Clay's music store, besrinnin;
Thursday next.
Next Saturday evening will see the
opening of Belasco &. Thall'p new Central
Theater, with a production of "The Heart
of Maryland." Seats will be on sale at
Ail sorts of queer stage furniture will
be in evidence, liny ponies, froers and
toads, electric girl3, pussy cats and bow
wows will delight the children's hearts,
and a splendid transformation scene.
"The Flowery Kingdom." will «nd the
evening's entertainment.
At the Tivoli Opera-house to-night the
"glittering holiday extravaganza," "Cin
derella," arranged by Ferris Hartman,
will be offered as the Christmas attrac
tion.
There is a Swedish ladies' quartet, com
posed of Stephanie Heden Amelia Heden,
Mis-s Linea Peterson and Eilen Lyden,
who are introduced us Ole's listers in the
fourth act. They sing several Swedish
ballads with well trained voices, which
blend much better than the average run
of lady quartets.- Thes- finished wi*h "Old
Kentucky Home," whose melodious tones
were well brought out. . -i •
Mrs. Bridget O'Flanagan was well done
by Miss Sadie Connolly. Her chase for
a second husband is amusing and her
Irish "Come-All-Yers" created unlimited
mirth. The- rest of the cast is in good
hands.
> -I « * •
dialect comedian on the American stage.
The plfiy itself has a thin plot, around
which revolves all the good deeds of Ole
Olson. As the hero he comes to the as
sistance of Mrs. Agnes Jordan (Miss Belle
Francis), a mother who ha* troubles of
her own. Afiss Beriie Conway seconds the
efforts of Hendricks in good Style and
their Bongs and dances are well rendered.
Company Greeted With Crowded
Houses in Every City With.
Exception of Lincoln.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— Maurice Grau
arrived to-night The stars and satellites
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
which Is under his direction, are strug
gling through snow and zero weather to
open a season of grand opera at the Met
ropolitan here Tuesday night.
Mr. Grau said: "Our Western trip has
been a most wonderful success, though it
involved tremendous fatigue. The com
pany traveled 8000 miles and gave forty
one performances in five weeks and two
days. In every place we visited we had
nearly the full capacity of the houses ex
cept in Lincoln, Nebraska. It seemed
that the home of Bryan was not big
enough for the Metropolitan Opera Com
pany.
"We took In nearly $250,000. We visited
Los Angeles, San Francisco. Denver. Lin
coln, Kansas City and Minneapolis. In
r.nne of these cities, with the exception of
Kansas City, had the Metropolitan com
pany ever been before. Our receptions in
San Francisco and Minneapolis were
especially remarkable. They all expect
us to re-turn, but that is a question whicn
will require a good deal of consideration.
"Our triD was one of the quickest on
record. We had sixteen cars and 220 per
sons. We traveled in a special train all
the way and most of the time we ran in
two sections. During the last two weeks
we practically lived in the cars."
GRATJ PLEASED WITH
HIS WESTERN VENTURE
TWO OP THE LADIES WHO APPEAR WITH BEN HENDRICKS. CELE
XOW BEING PLAYED AT. TIIR DELINEATOR IN "OLE OLSEN,"
BRATED SWEDISH CHARACTEE CALIFORNIA.
CARMEN will not sing to-night!"
Such was the unwelcome an
nouncement that greeted the
patrons of last evening's perform
* ance af. the Alhambra Theater. It
is a hard-luck story all round. The en
gagement of the Boston Lyric Opera Com
pany at Manager Ellinghouse's theater
called for five performances — three "Car
men" programmes for Sunday, Monday
and Thursday evenings, "Said Pasha"
Tuesday evening and "II Trovatore"
Wednesday night.
But instead of a, glittering "Carmen"
'"Said Pasha" shone out from the Alham
bra's electric sign last night, and a disap
pointed crowd besieged the box office for
explanations for a long and busy half
hour before the performance.
"Collamarini was ill — three doctors' cer
tificates!"
"No, the Tivoli had nothing to do with
it."
"No, she would not be able to sing to
morrow evening or at all during the
week," and so on, ad Iniinltum.
A considerable audience, however, gath
ered inside the theater and amused itself
wondering wnat would happen. Slgnor
Kusso happened along first and explained
in his retreshing dlaiect that:
"Miss Coiiamariiii she was too very ill
to sins, the was much sorry— per bauco —
but it could be helped not." which courte
ous little explanation was greeted with
discourteous ntsses Irom tne disappointed
ones.
Then a long-lesgcd Turk came out and
read in ur.mistakiiole Kngnsh me doctors'
certificate as to tlie aiva/s serious indis
position, signed by l>rs. M. A. Hossi,
Henry M. llart (.doctor ot the accors
lund) and Gerald J. r'itzgiubon (tne Al
hamora's physician). A lurther interest
ing announcement as to "Manager iiiiing
house's cheerful willingness to refund
their money to those wno were not de
sirous of seeing the substituted opera,
'Said Pasha,' " caused a general stampede
and was greeted with loud cheering. After
the malcontents had taken their departure
a small but sympathetic crowd listened
to a fairly clever presentation of the
pretty opera, in which Charles Hunting
ton, Frar.k Maslin, Henry Hallam, Jack
Henderson, Alex Joel and Josephine Stan
ton were all well heard.
But tlie company will be heard here no
more this trip. "Said Pasha" would not
carry for more than one evening, and the
rest of their available repertoire —
"Wang," "The Fencing Master" and
"The Idol's Eye"— is in the Tivoli's do
main so far as San Francisco Is con
cerned. Manager Ellinghouse will there
fore keep the theater dark till next Sat
urday evening, when "Why Smith Left
Home" will be put on.
Who said "Azzall," him of the famous
hoodooed Italian Opera Company?
* * * .
A packed house greeted Ben Hendricks
in "Ole Olson" last night at the Califor
nia. The play, which Is said to be the
first Scandinavian comedy ever written,
serves to bring out the talents of Hen
dricks. who is easily the best Swedish
XVII.
"Antony and Cleopatra."
There is an essential difference '¦ be
tween "Antony and Cleopatra" and each
of the other dramas having two title
characters. In "Romeo, and Juliet"' the
hero and the heroine perish together near
the close of the play. In "Trollus and
Crefsida," which is called a tragedy In
the folio, there is no death of either, and
there Is no division in the treatment.
While the whole play may truthfully be
called a tragedy, it Is really not so much
a tragedy of the hero and the heroine as
of human, nature at large. In "Antony
and Cleopatra" there are two tragedies
fused Into one. It Is as if each title char
acter had been treated separately in a
drama by itself, and then, by dropping
common scenes, the two products had
been condensed to the proportions and
form of one. The tragedy of Antony is
consummated -at the end of act 4. The
tragedy of Cleopatra is developed and
compassed almost wholly In act 5.
Mcst readers approach the "Antony and
Cleopatra" with some misgiving. The
relations of the title characters are his
torically so notorious that they expect
to find Shakespeare's treatment offensive
ly plain and free. But the most refined
analyzers of thevplay. after patient ami
penetrating study, testify to impressions
quite contrary and are ardent apologists
for Cleopatra no less than Antony. The
author holds the sympathies of all dis
cerning Inquirers almost from the first,
whereas were the play real and enacted
with living figures it would not be pos
sible to command even the charity of the
reading public. Of course we are leas
intoierant of ""-social derelictions after
death has stopped the defiance to moral
laws. Nevertheless, the play is a marvel
of literary dynamics, and deserves study
In special for the modes by which Its art
controls the imagination.
Perhaps we expect that the author will
allude but gingerly to the relations of the
hero and heroine at the beginning, or will
apologize outright for his project. But
Shakespeare understands apparently that
to excuse Is to accuse, and does just the
opposite. He- makes Philo tell us, over
the shoulders of Demetrius and with
brutal openness, how things are going.
Philo has been living in Kgypt as one
of Antony's companions, and knows:
while Demetrius, an old friend of An
tony's in Rome, and just come over, does
not know and needs to be told. As a mat
ter of fact. Shakespeare Introduces both
personages merely to impajt to us this
information. Neither Philo nor Demetrius
is wanter afterward or appears again.
It is evident that Demetrius, just before
the opening lines, has been objecting to
Philo's unsparing comments; he has prob
ably said that a man like Antony has
earned some liberty and is not likely to
abuse it permanently. Philo Insists that
Before the act ends the author has fas
cinated us with Cleopatra, by her
strength and her variety, much as she
fascinated the people of her time.
The author has thU3 provided himself
with a true hero and a.n Irresistible hero
ine. By no sort of means could he have
made them practicable, if he had treated
them, as history furnishes them, together.
He now goes on with their fortunes, dra
matizing Plutarch closely. till the
fourth act is reached. Here he brings out
the nobility and generosity of Antony's
There remains the proposed parting
from Cleopatra. We do not believe that
Antony will accomplish it: he will en
counter Influences to which he will not be
equal. A separate scene is given to the
interview. Cleopatra shows a! the sub
tlety of the serpent that we believe she is
and exploits her wllea from wrath to
tears. Antony, nevertheless. Is linn. So
in strength and highmlndedness, as well
as chivalrous feeling, we are begining to
have a hero. Antony has been in a meas
ure redeemed. Nomt the author begins at
once to redeem Cleopatra. The whole
souled way In which she gives up her con
trol almost wins us In Itself: ?£>'
"But. sir. forflv*- tae... '
Since my becomings kill m* when they do not
Eye well to you. Your honor calls you hence;
Therefore be deaf to my unpltied folly.
And all the rods go with you! Upon your
sword .
Sit laurel victory! And smooth success
Be strewed before your feet."
Have notice what, we purpose. "
"Xo more HKht answers. Let our officers
complishec? wholly when the report of
the other messenger is heard The burden
of his dls-patch U that Fulyla is dead.
That she was a shrewish e Know,
and we assume that Antony will welcome
the freedom that has now come to him.
On the contrary, he mourns her death
sincerely. So far from feeUns drawn
more strongly to Cleopatra, he is tne
more inclined to release himself from her.
'There 1 * a great spirit eone! Thus did X de-
What r cur"contewpt doth often hurl from us.
We wish it ours araJn. The present pleasure.
By revolution lowering, doth become
The opposite of Itself. She ••good. b« ln * S° ne -
The hand could pluck her back that shoved
I must from this enchanting queen break off.
Tea thousand harms, more than the ma *
My idleness doth hatch."
That tin scene may not move too rap
idly an interview with JEnobarbus \»
worked In. Enobarbus has oaten of the
Kgvptian lotus and believes hia maver
is as incapable of breaking away from
this land of enchantment aa himself. br>
Eriobarbug is made to talk to Antony lika
his consistent self. But the Antony of
yesterday and the Antony ft to-day d>
not agree. Enobarbua la flippant ancl
makes light of his master's words, but
at last Is sobered. There Is no mistaking
the tone of Antony's commands:
SHAKESPEARE'S DOUBLE TRAGEDY.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
1THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
They were picked up Saturday afternoon
in the lake, where they were found lashed
to an overturned yawl. They had been
thus exposed rince Friday, when they
were capsized by a squall while sailing
from the island to the mainland. Lucien
Morden of Montague, Mich., another oc
cupant of the boat, was drowned before
he could be lashod to the overturned craft.
The two rescued men were badly frozen,
and it is thouqht they will have to suffer
nmputation of their lower limbs. They
were taken to the hospital here, where the
following story of their terrible experience
was tola by Mr. Shields:
"I'pon receiving orders to close the
lighthouse for the season we prepared to
leave the island, together with our help
ers, Mordon, Airs. Shields and Mrs. Dn
vis. We left the island on Friday for the
mainland, seven miles distant, bound for
Harbor Springs. When out only a short
time a heavy -wind struck our boat, cap-
Fizlng it and throwing us all into the lakcv
We all succeeded, after much hard work,
in reaching the boat. McCauley and my
self finally succeeded in lashing both the
women to the boat and then ourselves.
Morden had become delirious and refused
to be lashed, and soon fell off the boat and
was lost. My wife and her niece, McCau
ley and myself were tossed about and suf
fered terribly from the cold and seas
which washed over us. About seven hours
after the accident happened my wife suc
cumbed, being unable to longer endure the
'exposure to wind and seas. Mrs. Davis
soon afterward also died.
"At one time we were within a short
distance of the mainland, and would have
been washed on the beach when the wind
changed, and we were gradually drifting
out into the lake aRain. Fortunately, how
ever we were taken by the wind Into the
north passage, which is often taken by
boats corning up the lake. In this man
ner we passed Friday night, suffering ter
ribly from cold and hunger until Saturday
at 1 p. m. , when we succeeded in attract
ing the attention of the lookout of the
steamer Manhattan.
"The terrible experience and suffering
which we endured can only be Imagined
by those who have had similar expe
riences."
Both men are about 40 years of age.
MANITOWOC. Wis., Dec. 16.— The
steamer Manhattan arrived here to-day
with Wj H. Shields and William McCau
ley, lighthouse keepers on Squaw Island,
and the bodies of Mrs. Shields and her
niece, Mrs. Mary Davis.
While Trying to Reach Shore Their
Craft Is Capsized and They
Are Tossed About for
Hours.
Lighthouse-Keeper and, His
Assistants Have Terrible
Experience.
SUFFER TORTURES
ON BOAT'S BOTTOM
FORCED TO STAY
IN THE STEERAGE
White Passengers Herded
With Asiatics on the
Rio de Janeiro.
Damage Suit for $20,000 to Be Filed
To-Day Against the Pacific
Mail Steamship Com
pany.
"When the Rio de Janeiro pulled out of
the harbor of Nagasaki the men discov
ered that thoy had been asFigned to the
Asiatic steerage and were herded in with
Chin<-se, Japanese. Filipinos and other
<3o»iizens of the unsavory guarter. They
protested to the captain or the Rio. but
their complaints wt-re of no avail. About
ten of ihe men were assigned to the Eu
ropean steerape. but the others were com
pelled to accept the vile quarters assigned
them by the ehips officers. That mutiny
'end bloodshed did not occur was due to
the grood character of the men, who are
law-a.bidins American citizens. The storv
they told me on their arrival Is sickening
In every detail. The Chinese and Japan
ese are not noted for their observance of
sanitation and the condition of the Ameri
cans who were forced for a long ocean
voyage to herd with the Asiatics became
pitiful. Some of the men were made very
ill frcm the fumes of the pipes of the
opium smokers and the foul air of the
close quarters; and not a man escaped
severe attacks of dysentery, caused by the
polluted drinking- water, while three of
them contracted typhoid fever.
"The food given to the men was not
as pood as that given to the Asiatics, and
for the entire voyage they were compelled
to exist on bread and sugar, this diet be
ing varied by the charity of the second
class passengers, who. unknown to the
ship's officers, gave the suffering and
starving men some assistance.
The horses arsd men in charge left this
port m two tranpports and there was no
complaint as to the accommodations re
ceived by the men on the ocean voyage.
After the horses had been landed In China
p-n<l turned over to the Gtrnian troops
the men who had cared for them on the
transports were taken in a coast steamer
to Nagasaki, Japan, where they were to
embark for the return trip to this coun
try.
At Napasaki the agent of Grace & Co.
paler each man the amount of his
salary and also handed him a ticket call
ing for Europon steerap»> accommodation
on the Rio de Janeiro of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company.
"These men. all of whom are American
citizens and nearly all residents of this
Btate, were treated worse than cattle
While on the Rio de Jajiiem." said Attor
ney Reardon yesterday. "They had no
Idea when they boarded the ship at Naga
saki that they, would be piven any other
accommodation than what their paid tick
ets oalled for. Otherwise they would
never have come home in the vessel.
«f **?!» ,.V u el for flama^s m the sum
of J2-J.000 will be filed to-day in the United
State. District Court by Attorneys Rear
«?";,, I ' an d<? against the steamship
to de Janeiro of the Pacific Mall Steam
f.ilp Company for breach of contract and
harsh treatment alleped to have been re
oivod by 142 passengers on the recent
rip of the steamship to this port from the
Orient.
When the ag-ents of the Emperor of
<iormany were In this State purchasing
..orscs for the use of his Majesty's
troops in Chnia. arrangements were made.
¦With, the fi rm of Grace & Co of this
city to tarnish a sufficient number of men
To proceed with the horses in the trans
r»rts. Grace & Co. contracted with
w i raeT i " who wcr< * selected that they
should furnish the care-takers cf the
«>qu.nes with European steerage accom
mocations on the voyage to China and
lot urn.
DIVA COLLAMARIN I BEINGS
AZZALI HOODOO TO ALHAMBRA
Sha Fails to Appear and Boston Lyric Company Closes
Engagement— "Ole Olson" at theCalifornia.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
c
7
Tt Is " sa!d that . owing to . the mysterious
disappearance of relics 'at the naval mu-
seum. Boston, Mass., Rear Admiral Samp-
son has J ordered ; the r place* closed ; until
suitable arrangements ; can be i made to
protect the property on exhibition.
Robblnjr graves Is the only crime under
Chinese law for which the thief may be
Justly killed on the spot by any. one find-
ing him out.
STATEMENT
OP 'i h p3^—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF PAX FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OP
California, en the £l»t day of liecember,
A. D. 1839. »n<J for the yesj- ending: on that
day. as made 10 the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of fections €10 and 6U cf the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per black furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAFITAI*
Ariouct cf Capital Stock, paid up la
Cish »1.000,OCOCO
ASSETS. "~
Real Estate pwnrt by Company 1431.700 C«
i<oeni> on Bonds and Mortpapes 4I2.7S1 7S
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Honda owned by Company 2,115,049 00
Amount of L^an* Becured by pledge
of Bon.is. Ht"cks and other market-
able securities ai collateral 153.000 00
Cofh In Company's Office 18.519 IS
c a =h in Banks 183,930 35
Interret due and accrued en all
Ftock* end Loans 1.170 IS
Jr.;'.-r*t dui? and accrued en Bonds
and Mortsrasfs 1S.CS3 44
I*reir!:unis tn due Course of Collec-
tion 3S4.C24 07
Warrants 1,4M 20
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on lOE»es already paid... 7.137 68
Total Aeset* J3.737.512 S?
LIABILITIES.
Isitft si?JUFi«*5 end unpaid J30.02S 45
!>¦»¦£*»« in process of Adjustment or
In SUFpense 137.SS4 72
X«osses resisted. Including expenses... 2,775 00
Grofi prMr.ium* on Fire Risks run-
ning er.e year or less. JS63,154 44; re-
iiiFUrsnce F0 per cent 484.S77 22
GrcwF premium* on F*ire Risks run-
ning more than one year, S1.3SC,-
C2S SI; reinsurance pro ra.ta 713,081 20
Cross premiums on Marine Tims
Kinks. % : rr insurance £0 per
cer.t 113.164C;
Total Liabilities ..Jl.4Si.C08 m
INCOME. "~
JCet cafh actually received for Fire
premiums J1,415,?2J 00
J\et cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums r 833.697 04
Beceived for interest on Bonds and
llort*a*e» 21.241 30
Jleceived for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Fto/-ks, Loans, and from
all other bomces 11S.158 0J
J*eveived for Rrnts 28,657 83
Received for profit on sale of securl-
'ue« 1.263 0*
Total Incense H.S7S.Z4S 2S
KXPE%T>ITCHBS. =====
"\ct araoc-t raid for Fire Losses (ln-
* o'ud'rg * losses of previous
v'ears) J854.X75 SJ
Jiet amount paid for Marine Losses
(Includinr * losses of pre-
vious years • 357.CS3 4t
Dividends to Stockholders 120,000 00
raid or allowed for CCTiualsslon or
Brokerage •-"• 239.406 33
Ta'.d for Salaries. Fees, and other
rh&J-E^s tor ofilrers. clerks, etc 226,437 40
J'aid tor State, National and Local
Tasos 37,776 40
All other payments and expend!-
tares 205.163 S3
Total Expenditures J2.040.3SJ »7
FJre.
losses Incurred fiurine the year
Loefes lncttrrfd during the re*r S373.C27 JO
Kitfcs and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
JStt amount of Risks
y/lr'^...^.^....^ 51C3.974.6J4 J1.9S2.4M 70
SSct amount of Risk?
expired ******** $1 .EC3.475 «
Klsks and Premiums. Mar. Risk*. Premiums.
Net amount of RUks
y^ n .... a^ n . g ...T. iVn.rSUm JS35.7WJ1
Ket amount of Risk*
y £r re * .^...."l* «l*.Cffl.»4 K22.O0 6*
y &W& nt «.'W?d S1i.f-CS.60g $181,519 C
•vbecribed and sworn to before me. tnl» litn
** y °'' • ranUarr ' UW - m. M. RHORER.
I>ej)uty Insurance Commissioner. |THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1900.
8
•AJC FRANCISCO CALL.
BXJBTNTTSS OFTTCE ot The San Francisco
OH, corner of Market and Third streets; open
ur.t'.l 13 o'clock every night In the rear.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until S:M p. m.
>00 Hayes street; open until >:S0 p. m.
C39 Me A Mirier street: open until •:» p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:90 p. m.
1M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
Z2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.t.'l } f. n.
IOC Eleventh street; open until t p. m.
1C9S Valencia street; open until S p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-seoond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until S p. m. _
SIEETIXG NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Comroandery No. 18. K. j&^
T., Golden Gate building, 625 butter 'Sap
St.— Stated assembly THI3 EVENING y
at f o'clock. The order of the Temple Wff
•will h» conferred. Ail fraters are
courteously invited.
ROBT. McMILLAN. Eta. Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
SA>* FRANCISCO Chapter No. L Royal
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. 5^>\
Election of officer*.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. a
M. --Called meeting THI3 DAY (Mon- £\^
Cy), December IT. 1S00, at 7:30 )Lj\
o'clock p. m.. for Installation of ofn- / » j
cers. i>*- order of the W. M. i
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary. •
BAX FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3. L v ouAJto,
O. O. F.— The ofiicers a::d mem- -J^ZjSfe
bers are hereby notified and re- : ?j^SjK^
Quested to attend the funeral <¦//»«
of our late brother, JULES TOURNEY, from :
the hall of the lodge, at 1:30 p. m., THIS I
(MONDAY). December 17.
J. W. E. ALLEN. V. G.
F. M. HEGEMAy. R. S.
IfOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE '
BAN FRANCISCO DRY DOCK COMPANY Is j
hereby given that, in pursuance of a resclu- ¦
tlon of tie Board of Directors of said com-
paji», unanimously adopted at a meeting of
Said board, held at the office of the com-
pany, in the city and oounty of San Franclsoo,
fct&ie of California, on the £5th day of Octo-
ber. lXtf. a meeting of the stockholders of the
6an Francisco Dry Duck Company will be
held at the of flee of the company, number 802
California, etreet. San Francisco. California
ttlie ema© being the principal plape of busi-
ness of said corporation and the building
•where the Board of Directors usually meet),
on Tuesday, tte Sth day of January. 1&01. at
the hour of 10 o'clock a_ m.. for the purpose .
of considering and acting upon the proposl- I
tlon to c-eaie a bonded indebtedness of said •
corporation to the amount In the aggregate ot !
five hundred thousand (tOO.000) dollars.
t,T.it<Ki s5tat<-* Gold ootn, for the purpose of .
raisin* fund* to be u»ed in building and :
•<julj>pingT a new drydock. and for other legiti-
mate and necessary purpose* of the corpora- |
tlon. eurh bonded indebtedncys to be secured j
by a mortgage or deed of trust upon all the
p»-opert.y now owned l>y eaid corporation, or
wt-ich it m» hereafter acquire.
By order of the Board or Directors.
W. F. RUSSELL.
(Secretary of Bea Francisco Dry Dock Cora-
yzzur.
T*iK annual meeting of the stockboldsrs .;{ the j
Xe«-a4a National Bank of San Francisco, Cal..
will :« fceld at Its banking house, SOI Mont- ,
rcraery Bt.. San Francisco. Cal., on TUES- ,
IiAY. January *. 1W1. at S:15 o'clock p. m., j
for the election of directors to serve for the !
ensuing year and the transaction of eueh |
other business as may come before the meet- j
ing. GEO. GRANT. Cashier.
Psti Fmnrlseo. December 8. 1900. I
AGENTS WA.VTED. :
eOLIClfoil?~OR AGENTS.
Geatlfs-.en or "ladies having experience can ;
ti— wke his money.
Apply at once between 6 and Ham.
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND CO..
21 Spear st.
RESIDENT a^cnt t 0 sell line of up to date ;
r'ftticcatx to jobbers and retailers In San ¦
Francisco and entire Pacific Coast: liberal
commission ; mart have Al references. Ad-
dress JOP. CORN, 121 Prince st.. New York. ,
BOLICITORS wanted; men or women; good :
#a!ariT warrant^; r"val '•* either weekly or i
monthly; expenses paid. M7 Market, rm. 613. j
t:'O TO S'/>0 per month: men or wom»n: salary i
cr crir.rr.'.esion. C27 Market St.. room €15.
ADOPTION. |
? GOOD home open for girl or boy baby. Ad- I
Cress MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St., j
Alarneca. ,
ASPHALTUI KOOF1XG. j
J. PELTIER. as?h=.!t rocflnsr. fidewalks re- \
paired; postal. 11&< Mission: tel. Folsom 1607. •
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOUSEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo- !
per— Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market. !
ATTOIt>EYS AT LAW.
R. TV. KING. 127 Market st., Cth floor, rocm C27
— Estfcles, demotes, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all capes; fair fee; no advance
charee*: loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537. ;
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee without raecess; collections. G. W. ¦
HOWE, any at law, SCO Market, cor. Stocktoa. j
I. EDW. JARKETT. Ilearet bldg.. Third and |
Market ««.; phone Red 5262. I
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. •
W. DAVIDSON. t>27 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. F. CLARK. Emma Fpreckels blclg.. S27 Mar- j
¦m mil mail im i i i ' i i i'i ¦ ii_ i i iiiiiimi hi i ¦ i ¦* * n ¦ i *i* i im
BATH CABIXETS.
KOEINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others. "W. !
P DROWN CO.. agency. <26 Ellis St.. S. F. '
BICYCLES For Sale or Excliange. ;
ALLEN s«lls the Best bicycles. Columbia. ¦
Epaldlng. Barnes, Hartford. Monarch, 6tor- ;
iser. Pennant. t20 up. 301 Larkin & 1S70 Page, ¦
BICYCLES et reduced prices: we are clearing \
out our 1S30 models to make room for new ¦
lfrOl Ftock YosTnlte Cycle Works. 1S22 Market. '
BUSINESS CBASCES.
A— ttlSO; CORNER grocery and bar. one block !
south of McAlllfter St.: rent $45; i\* years j
lease; etock will invoice the price; a good- ¦
paying business and established many years. ;
Call R. G. WILKE. 28^ Kearny st. (
__ j
A— MrCO; SALOON; estab. 20 years; close to j
Chronicle bldg.; stock will invoice the price; i
lease; plsce known es one of the best-paying •
retorts in city. Call R, G. Wilke, 2C4 Kearr.y. :
$40>— CORNER ealoon on Davis st. ; no Sunday
Off ni£ht work; rent $50; a first-class paying ¦
rtropoVtio--.. Inquire R. G. WILKK, 2tVfc f
Ke&rny St.
fEOO— FOR sale; ealoon, one ¦ block north of
Market St.; under present ownership over a j
dozen years; reasonable rent; examine stock; '
rare ch&nce. Particulars l'_ G. WILKE. 2SH j
Kearay et.
A— *600; CORNER saloon on Jackson et.; rent
(20; kept by present owner 1 years; good busl-
sees; cleaxlng $126 per month. R. G. WILKE, ;
ttt, Kearsy »t. . j
A— «100; BRANCH bakery ana etatlonery; 4 ilv-
irr rooms ; rent $12 ; a good business for man
ana wife. Inquire n. Q. WILKE. ii\j Kearny.
A-GBOCZRT sind bar; best corner location;
cause death. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A— RESTAURANT; best location; bargain this
day. COWING & CO.. 719 Market et.
JL — FINE corner drug store; clears $100 month.
COWING & CO.. 71» Market st.
*4£d-FREXCH laundry, with all tools necea-
sajy; doing fine business. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
l*Vi— RESTAURANT and saloon; good bushiest;
cheap rent; must sell. 837 Mission sL
JTHHT-CI— VBS restaurant and oyster house, S
doors from Market; dally receipts ICO to $90;
must be eold on account sickness; investi-
gate and make oSer. Box r?l7. Call office.
BARBERS, attention — (-chair barber shop on
Market st.; good location; first-class fixtures:
••lllng account going East. Apply HALEY
ft CO., room l£fi. Murphy building.
COUNTRY peddling business; dry goods, etc;
wagon and team; established 9 years; bir
money; owner retiring rich; healthy occapa-
XXon. Room 1H. 821 Ellis st
FRTVATE party Investing $S00 can double
money in t days; bona fide legitimate business
proposition; stand investlgatn. Box 2S7, Call.
PARTNER wanted— $800 down, balance pay-
ments; in legitimate business; net $200 month
etch; can be Increased. Box 2901. Call office.
$400— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; loca-
tion perfect: cigars, stationery, notions. Walt-
Ing room. ISd-jive. station. Ea st Oakland.
ELEGANTLY fitted up oandy and Ice cream
•tore, with a complete factory for ™*T,nf*~-
turing. Apply room 4C2, Call offlca.
PARTNER In office business; lady or gentle-
man; Investigate. CLOSE & CO.. 203 Kearny.
tSO WINS $300 per month at raeae: references
given. Information Lyons. S21 Market.* r. 4.
j»c RESTAURANT; good location; line living
for two; reasonable. Box SSK, Call office.
¦POR sale — Grocery and bar on account . of
death. 423 Third et.. corner Perry.
FOR BALE— A good paying fruit and vegetable
business. Call at 212 Govgh et.
PRINTING office for tale; bai_— In to start;
cheap. Bos 3931, Call office,
A BAKERY, delicatessen and confectionery
store; S200. Ml Howard st.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
A— PLAY THE RACES— "."
20 to to per cent profit monthly on our new
i?) stem; call and Investigate. N. & HAND &
CO.. expert handlcappers. suit U. 84 Kearny.
J400— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; lo-
cation perfect; cigars, stationery, notions.
Waiting room, Twenty-third av*. station,
East Oakland.
CORNER grocery store for rent. $23; formerly
$60; big city, country trade. LAYMAXCE.
«C0 Eighth et.. Oakland. -
$1000— GROCERY and bar; rent $60 tot etore
and 6 rooms upstairs: lease if desired." WICH-
M>N. LUTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay st.
J50O— PARTNER wanted In well-paylngr restau-
rant. Particulars Inquire at 1067 Market, up-
stairs, in photo gallery; agents avoided.
$400 — CORNER grocery and bar; good business;
large stock; fine fixtures; cause sickness. Ad-
dress box 729. Call office.
RESTAURANT for eale. with lease; good pay-
Ing business; safe, cash register, etc.; open
for inspection. 135 Ellis St.
A SNAP— »100— Milk depot, bakery and delicacy
store. Box 3902, Call office.
FOR sale— Small restaurant; reasonable; two
Hvlng-roomE. Box 762. this office.
STATIONERY and candy store; downtown lo-
cation; no agents. M. D. JAHNKE, 28 Eddy.
$S00— STATIONERY, clean stock and fixtures;
good holiday trade. Address box 552, Call.
CANDY. Ice cream, cljtar and stationery store;
laundry office. CCS Post, cr. Taylor; no agents.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale; on account of
death: $1800. Call 222 Fell Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 10»6
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receive.; st Call brwnob rfflr. g?fln Killmore »t.
LODGI.\G-HOl'SES FOR SALE.
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses, m p. c;
anything you want in lodging-houses; s'mples:
37 rooms; on Powell St.: rent Jl"5: price.. $1300
24 rooms; on Leaven worth; rent $125; price 190.)
16 rooms; on sunny side; rent J2o; price.. 730
I rooms; on Geary st.; rent $40; price.... 450
12 room*; O'FarreH St.; rent $50; price... E50
C rooms: Turk Bt. : rent $J7; price 200
17 rooms in center of Oakland, with front
block, lawn palms, flowers, roses, no work,
full of teachers, income $S5, price $1500, half
cash, rent $32; a $450 piano for $200.
For quick sal«s li?t your houses with A. L.
WILLEY..91S Market St.; phone Black 5215.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
II rooms... $200 ; 20 rooms.. $900! S3 rooms. .$3000
11 rooms... 10012) rocms.. 1200 75 rooms.. 4000
12 rooms... 600J24 rooms.. 1400 Co rooms.. 4500
13 rooms... 300,26 rooms.. 1650 63 rooms.. 3500
12 rooms... 500 36 rooms.. 1800 62 rooms.. 3000
14 rooms... 350J30 rooms.. 2400 60 rooms.. 7000 I
17 rooms... 350134 rooms.. 2660 50 rooms.. 3200
16 rooms... S"fl27 rooms.. 2750 1C0 rooms.. 1500
18 rooms... 6CCK30 rooms.. 25001 50 rooms.. 7&00
18 rooms... 475J40 rooms.. 3000 60 rooms.. 5000
13 rooms... 70O'40 rooms.. 40001 64 rooms.. 3000
17 rooms... 5C0'i43 rooms.. 3500| 46 rooms.. 5000
€6 ROOMS 66 ROOMS'
Cheap Rent— Corner.
Price 12400. Price $2400.
For sale only by WINSTON & CO., 1C26 Market.
20 ROOMS 20 ROOMS
Rent $50; water free
Xorth of Market; business street
Price U200. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market.
A— 22-ROOM house; centra! $1000
20-roorn hcuse; first class 1C50
11-room house; $47S; 6-room flat 323 I
20- room house: Eddy; rent $75: only 900
FISHER & CO.. 1C32 Market st.
SNAP— 11 rooms, furnished; clears J25 per ma ;
only $125. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
60 ROOMS; rent J150 $2200
12 rooms; nicely furnished 900
100 rooms; elegant furniture 6000
Will loan from JI0O up at l»i per cent.
DAVIS & RIVES, r. 69, 916 Mkt. Bt.
LARGEST list lodging houses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD
rms. 1-2. S17 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
$11C»>— 60 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILS. 3 Eddy st.
17 ROOMS: all occupied: central; bargain; $S50.
DONNELLY CO.. est Market st.
$1M>— BARGAIN: 14-room lodging-bouse; fur-
nished. Apply 439 Dupont st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C paces, sent to any address in the
X nf t po J* t.3.t^s oi* '""ana ci n ont ycflr for $1 .
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO.. clearance sale; low-
wheel. rubber-tire road ¦wagon, JSO; ether
styles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt, nr. 9th., opp. St. Nlch.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. .cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving horeey. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALIS3I.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
eults. divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
rntntny a specialty: cirs. Sun.. Wed.. Kri.ev's:
come and be convinced. Permanently located
f 13 Eddy Et., bet. Hyde and Larkin: no sign.
THE well-known medium, MISS CITCHCHILL.
frnm St. Paul, is here; spiritual readings on
all affaire of life; answers all questions; also
by mail; price JL 1035 Market St.. suite 15.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business mc-
dlum and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant: treats all diseases at office. or by letter;
sittings. $1. 1164 O'Farrell st. : take Ellis car.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112*4 Oak, trance medium;
readings. $1; hours, 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard 527.
EARLE, 305 Taylor st., corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
ELSIE Reynolds, removed to 330 Ellis st. Ma-
terializing seance Friday evening; 50 cents.
MME. MAJORS. gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
M>v*r. Klttfnrv ronvlnfin* tpst* to-nl«rht: 10c.
CLAIUVOVAXTS. ~~~~
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Market
St., corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
ante**! by mail. Send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
etnts $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, i>ermanently located 1148 Market, opp.
Cth; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
lt-t and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh et.
MRS. CAMERON, elafrvcyant, card reader, me-
dium; 25c up 823 Mission St., nr. 4th; ring bell.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
_ present, future; 25c 14? Sixth St., room 14.
MME. SYBILLE. 914 OFarrell; reads life; fu-
ture husband's photo; S to 12 a. m. ; ladles 25o.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. HELMUTH, . card reader, asirologlst—
Ladles, 25c: German spoken. 938 Mission pt.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2Sc. 1143 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448H Jessie st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st, rooms 8 JO.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth »t.
CARPET HEATIXG AXD CLEAM.\O.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama Et. ; tel. South 4a
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair: carpets cleaned,
tc yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per .yard, laid at 6c".
STRATTON'S. » Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 344.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tsl. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 128. _^^.
CHIROPODISTS. ~~
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; palnksa cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ~
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 9H Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
00— COTTAGE: rear; 4 rooms and attic: mx-
dec; water free. 1111H Filbert st.
D11E5S31AKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery 8ohool;
patterns out; evening class. 1018 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, ptnking. 121 Po«t,ov»r Cr Connor A Moffatt.
DRESSMAKING: reasonable prloeat Aream
BU4* «T«r{ P«rfect fit. W Gviry st.
DENTISTS.
AT the EXJSCTRotD"SjTA£ CLINTO. 809 Masr-
ket Bt., cor.' 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
nave your extractions done painlessly; tee-th
without plates our specialty ; gold crowns,
U CO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 8 to S
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 day* on all
plates, crowns and bridgework,. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for £0 years: crowns. $3 SO: fillings, SOc; platea,
$5, full set; all work painless and -warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; Advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OTarrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— JJo charge for extracting: when plates are
made; old plates made over like- new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 1208 Market
st. ; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
¦ . A, L. SIMPSON. P. P. S> - ¦
PARIS Dental Parlor, 2S5 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate, DR. H. O,
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Et.
DEPILATORY.
O. C C. — A harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not. Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag*cy. 426 Ellts.
EDUCATIONAL.
g^i1£ghe£32arsh^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; nportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, toi«graphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
oolleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual Instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping.
. shorthand, telegraphy, etc ; catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ATTENTION! — Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
ALL students but' two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1S34.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
VISITING governess: English branches, piano
and bookkeeping; 50c a lesson. Box 747. Call.
MUNSON, School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish, 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
B. J. APPLEBY, banjo, mandolin and guitar.
40SC McAllister st, ; phone Folsom 2071.
LEARN German In three months; $5 per
month. Y. 5£. C. A. building, Bth floor.
TEACHERS' Agcy. A.McNelU,Mgr..r. 31, Flood
bldg. ; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $3 mo. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; eetab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post Et. ; near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleaning co. ; est.
1S70: practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devinadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA,
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 636 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
•'<=« help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
ORPHEUM Emplyoraent Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help.426 Powell.nr. Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlc»^—
Best help. <UH O'Farrell st'.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE.
ELDERLY woman; good American cook; ex-
cellent breadmaker; first-class housekeeper;
clean and careful,; references If required. 770
Harrison st.
WOMAN wants work by the day, houseclean-
ing and washing; $1 a day. Call or address
EuO Mission st.
YOUNG girl 15 years wishes place to assist in
housework. Call 393 Sixth St.
YOUNG lady desires permanent situation in
this city; willing to give light service for
room and board: is neat and refined, but lost
her hearing. Box 782. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young German
woman as restaurant or boarding-house cock;
experienced short order cook. Call 817 , Mis-
sion St.
YOUNG woman wishes situation houEework or
cockipg; no mail unless fare. 1231 Market. .
DANISH woman, experienced laundress, wishes
work by the day in private family. MRS.
NELSON. 108 William st.
SEAMSTRESS would give her services for the
rent of sunny room. Call 215 Polk St., rear.
NURSE v/culd like the care of an invalid lady
or gentleman ; understands massage. Box
3933, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young ijlrl wants employment
at ser.eral housework". Apply at 800 Thir-
teenth St., near, Sanchez; no postals.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, ?1 50 to J6
week; convenient and respectable; free -'bus
and baggage to and from^ ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED, sober man,* gocd address,
wishes situation as night clerk, night watch-
man, elevator man or companion to Invalid;
light work, light wages. Address P. C H.,
641 Commercial et., city.
AS barkeeper, by a respectable single middle-
aged man; a steady, light position. Bar-
keeper. 331 Kearny at., room 34.
EXPERIENCED cook desires situation In city.
Address W. DOLL. 821 Mission St., room 2.
A GENTLEMAN of address and business ex-
perience desires a position; amount of salary
not the important point. Ad. box 770, Call.
EXPERIENCED young man desires a position
as assistant engineer or fireman, in , mines
preferred. Box 769, Call office.
AN experienced nurse wishes situation; good
reference. Address T. SHEEHEY, 144 Juniper.
AN active man seeks position of trust; general
experience; ref. Al. Box 771, Call office..
FIRST-CLASS painter would like to work in
exchange for room and board. Address 331
Kearny st.. room 32.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class baker on
bread or as ' foreman or second hand. Box
7S4. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carpet layer, upholsterer and
general furniture man. Box 791, Call office. .
PLUMBER, first-class, will work by the day
or week for property owner or estate: has ail
necessary shop tools; reference. Box 795, Call.
STEADY, reliable man as coachman or stabl»-
rnan; good driver and general handy man. Ad-
dress box 7C0, Call office.
EXPERIENCED office man wishes situation an
bookkeeper, accountant or other office work;
security given if wanted. A. Ij. box 722. Call.
SITUATION wanted— A good cake baker, fore-
man (at present employed), will change If a
better job is offered; willing to go short dis-
tance In country. Address box 663. Call. -
A JAP wants a sleeping room: will do work in
the morning as payment. J. KAUAMITOR,
2000 Bush st. _¦¦.-¦¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubecrlptlons has been established . at 10M
Valencia st.
FARMS AND RANCHES TO LEASE.
HOUSES with large grounds for garden In or
as near city as possible. Address box 2066,
Call office. Oakland.
FLATS TO LET. "
A-^SUNNY 6 rooms, bath." dreawsrt fit.' ua
Green St.. near Polk. .
A SUNNY fiat, partly furnished: S rooms. B
closets, bata and gas;; reason. 223 Valencia.
BEAVER, 22— 8unny flat of. three rooms. *
ELGIN PARK. W. Thirteenth st. above Va-
lenci*— t sunny rooms; laundry; partly fur-
nished. .-.¦".•-'. ;¦:••.-¦* . .-;. .*•
HARRISON, 112ZB— 6-room flat; modern Im-
provements; must b« seen to be appreciated.
FLATS TO liBT.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN 4 rooms and bath; yard and cellar.
113 Waller st. .
S-ROOM flat; large yard and stable; wagon
shedt. I Hayward et., off Harrison.
110— UPPER flat of 5 sunny, large rooms, base-
ment and yard. 62 Boyce St.. off Geary.
ff-4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
'FLATS TO LET— -FU ItKISHEIJ.
ELEGANTLY furnished flat to let: reasonable;
2 Kappeler court, off Mason St., near Posu
Apply Racine saloon. 501 Poet st. 1
FPRXITPHE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak 148 40. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1181 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LETVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. llM Market st.; tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for furn., carpets, etc.,
see W. E. CODY, 757 Mission, tel. Red 3353..
A - WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctloneer-L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel.Poik 69L
¦ furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
•• ••' HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, first-class city hotels. $20; wait-
ress . south, fare here; waitress, Bakersfleld,
120, fare here; waitress, Colusa. $20, fare
here; waitress, Stockton. $20; waitress, Sacra-
mento, $20; waitress. Gait; 4 . chambermaids
to wait, $20; chambermaid, $18; woman cook.
$30 .............. ..............
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ...!!?..".'
German or Swedish girl. 2 in family, $30, sen
party here; nurseglrl to assist light upstairs
work. $20, choice place; housegirl on ranch
..for small American family, $20. fare paid;
houseglrls, city, $20 and $25; 2 nursegirls, $13,
$18, and a great many others
C. R. HAXSKN & CO 10< Geary st.
WANTED— Girl for cooking, housework; small
family; wages $20: references wanted. Call
6 to 12 a. m., 90s Devisadero St.
YOUNG girl for general housework In Ameri-
can family; wages $20. Inquire after 9 a. m..
712 Cole st.. between Waller and Frederick.
WAXTED — Elderly German or American
woman. Apply at C12 Treat ave., corner
Nineteenth st. .
WANTED— Experienced nurse to care for ln-
fant six week old. £09 Plerco Ht. /"
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists, 550
Valencia et.
GOOD talloress at 223 Kearny et., room 1.
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levi
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory. 32V4 Fremont
St. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies In toy, ba-
taar and dry goods departments; also cash- :
lers. Apply at HALE BROS.. Inc., 373-!>S7
Market st.
WANTED— Young lady to train for nurse; high
school graduate. Apply 11 to 12, 4 to 5, 1609
Jackson, st.
WANTED — A bright, energetic woman who has
had some experience in traveling. Box "Si,
Call office.
WANTED— A lady to assist In housework:
good home, fair pay for right party. Call
after 2 p. m. at 116 Taylor st.
COMPETENT stenographer with experience;
give reference. Box 792. Call office.
WANTED— Reliable Protestant pirl for general
housework; $20; no washing. 1905 Broadway.
FINISHERS on custom coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
IIKL1* WASTEB-51ALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN~& C^T^.7hone~Grant~lS5
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS
Wanted for Railroad Work
Drillers, muckers for the big tunnel. Chats-
worth Park; 100 teamsters for Nevada, free
fare, $2 a day; hammersmen and laborers,
tallroad work, free fare
MISCELLANEOUS
4 men to make Christmas wruaths, $2 to $2 00
a day; 50 tlemakers; Km woodchoppers;
wagonmaker. • $40 and found ; harnesamaker.
$30 and found '. ...
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
German chef, $100; head cook. ISO; two sec-
ond and two third cooks for railroad service,
$5(> and $30: fryer, $50; . broiler. $50; ba".t«r.
, country hotel, $40; neat young man to make
beds and do upstairs portering work, very
nlco place, $2$ and found; 10 French und Ital-
ian waiters, genteel, new place, $11 a week;
head waiter, $30 to $60; 4 colored waiters.
country hotel, $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary s^.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main Ztii
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
1E0 men to cut 4-ft and 'stove wood and
make redwood ties, prices $1 to $3 per cord
for wood. 9c to 12c for ties; tools and provls-
sions furnished
farmers and wives ranch hand?
chore men; carriage painters; boys for fao-
torles: young man for country store.
MURRAY & ¦READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MARRIED HELP.... BARTENDERS
bartender, country hotel, see boss here; cook*
and wives. $30; waiter and wife, mining
camp: 6 cooks, $30. $40 and $50; waiters.
¦ country. T3Q: porter and tend bar. country.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— WAXTED— 10 woodchoppt?rs for Sonoma
County, 4-foot pine'and redwood, $1 25 and SOc
a cord, tools and tcrub advanced, winter job,
wajres paid every month; 10 ax men to make
redwood ties, timber down. Sonoma County.
10c and 12c each, tools and grub advanced,
winter Job. wages paid every month. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay at. '
A — FIVE carpenters. C bricklayers. 6 laborers,
2 plumbers. 1 boss plumber, 3 cabinetmakers.
1 hardwood bench hand. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny, r. 9; non-union
mechanics, please register; no office fees.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
• free emply. bureau: only recog. union barbers.
115 Turk st.; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. Less. Sect.
BABBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jeissle 152
WANTED— A coolc and waiter, or man and
wife to rent restaurant; 20c meals; cheaD
rent; dally receipts $12 to $1S. For particu-
lars call on MR. BECK. 640 Folsom st.
MAN to do lockcrnlthlng and electrical repair-
ing. KNOWLUS & KENNEDY. 2000 Flllmore
St., corner Pine.
MAN for flowers and nursery work. Call 500
Haight st.
WANTED-A bushelman at 2916 Lyon st.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 1506 Kentucy st., Po-
trero.
SECOND cook; one accustomed to wash dlshe3;
no other need apply. 204 Sixth st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting-. 25o
to SOc. E62 Allusion st.. bet. 1st and 2d sti
BARBER wanted; steady Job. Apply 439
Twelfth St., Monday morning.
GOOD waiter. Union Hotel, opposite Union
Iron Works.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 212 Third et.
WANTED— A waiter at 221 Grant ave.
YOUNG man wanted to deliver bread. 980
Harrison st. » ¦
WANTED— Night cashier; all-around restau--
rant man preferred. . 29 Stockton st. -..
OLD man *as bedmaker, etc.. In boarding-
houser 322 Main st.
SHOEMAKER to work or buy a shop. 5S5
Commercial st.
BARBERS— Good four-chair shop for bale
cheap. Apply DC2 Larkin st.
FOR sale, cheap — 4-chalr barber shop; every-
thlng complete. Address box ?919. Call.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducement*; catalogue free. -MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 63S Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third Bt. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Experienced ; salesmen In toy and
dry goods departments; also wrappers. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS.. Inc.. 979-987 Market st.
A — ERRAND boy wanted; well recommended.
ROGERSON'8, 535 Valencia st.
YOUNG man with experience for horseshoeing
and blacksmith shop. Box 7t4. Call office.
WANTED— Assistant cutters. S. : N. WOOD
A CO.. -. - ' -. . :
WANTED — Carpenter for ' ship, Australian
trade, at HERMAN'S, t» Steuart st. ¦-.-.¦
PENSIONS— J. H.Bhepard A Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building. .
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard st,
.8.- F. Barber School.
YOUNG man wanted to learn the barber trade;
easy terms. 713 Mission st. •
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10o. 15c and
20c. Boston House, ¦ 930 Howard st.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen and green , hands ;
all parts of world. . HERMAN'S, tt Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week,- at
l**sh Price* N. : T. i Tailoring Co.. ; 115 Kearny. ,
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch In height; able, to read, write and
speak English. >For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
street, San Franclaco, Cal.
ALL slses men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
UEMOUKHOIDS.
ANY case of Piles. Piles, Piles, Piles; over 300
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments: no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. CalL
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
TWO horses, express wagon, cover, harness.
1 horse and light delivery wagon; cheap. 1
Polk at., or 630 San Bruno ave. :
'^ "P^ ?^ ?„ ,TQ „ j^ffo
A-PH1KTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSE of 11 rooms, unfurnished, near Van
Ness ave., $40; furnished. $50; nice and good.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
HOUSE of 7 rooms; very reasonable. Inquire
820% Jessie St., off Ninth.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RATMOXD-Strlctly reliable: teaches
hypnotism In flvo lrs«ons for S5. 937 Market st.
INVALID C1IA1KS A> D TKIC\ CLKS.
SOLI? and rented; nianfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Trtcvcle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — Sunday evening, from Ocean Boulevard,
a Scotch collie dog; color brown, with white
streak, down face, broad white collar, white
breast and four feet white. Reward If re-
turned to W. ELVIN. Ocean Boulevard, or
E. L. BANGS.* basement. Chronicle building.
LOST— From Eighth and Santa Clara. Ala-
meda, ¦ sealskin coat. Liberal reward paid
on Its delivery at Alameda or 21 Second st.,
city, and no questions asked.
LOST — Friday evening in Western Addition,
English setter dog, white, with lemon col-
ored spots; liberal reward. 1293 O'Farrell st
LOST— rjrlndle bitch greyhound from 16 Dane
st. Return and receive reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan . Society of San Francisco In the
nam« of LOUIS GRUND, No. 212-900. The
finder will please return to the bank.
LOST— From Sausalito, Sth inst., black and
white Llewellyn setter. Liberal reward If re-
turned to 217 Mission st. WM. BORROWE.
FOUND— Large mastiff- pup. Owner can have
same by proving ownership and paying
charges at 41 Turk et.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy send
10c for latest list. MRS. HKUTZ. ;»"¦ Kill* *t.
51EDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable speclaUsTTli^TS.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
ofilce. T5; any allm-rit: home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 I'ust St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL. W Market St.. corn-r
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladieV physician;
treatment. $S; positive cure guaranteed: when
ethers fall consult, free. MKS. DR. KOHL.
DR. AND MKS. DA VIES, 1228 Market— Ladles'
(¦peclallsts; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed: Indl**«* treated can return sama
day; HINDOO HKRB home cure; stamps dr.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007>i Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years" practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
Eunris of cases; unexcelled success: see free.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 927 Market St.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician:
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed: when
others fail consult, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
MKS. DR. ALLKX, 10JJ Market— Lades' spe-
cialist: safe and cure cure. $3: best care; low
fees; when all others Tall consult free.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. HIS Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny st. : call and see me.
POSITIVE cure for rheumatism; formula sent
upon receipt of |1. Address box 727, Call.
DR. WISE, the ladies' rpeciallst.' HIS Market
street.
MUS. I)H. GWYKR. ladles' specialist; home
for patients, hf* F.d'ly st.
DU. XG TOY KKE cures disease by herbs.
. advice 'ree. Tf.l (5.irrp>Ti»nt'> *t.. riear Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SAL...
BOILERS. Engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, bark bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we rlw-iy«
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made: ;
we can ship everything in 24 hour-?. J.
NOOXAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new tyr^wrUrr for $3 lown an!
15 per month: write for catalogue find prie«. |
TYPEWRITER KXCHANGE. 409 California.
st. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, bollera, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
DIAMOND ring, gypsy setting. 2 diamonds and
1 sapphire. co«t $120. for $70. Cal. Loan
Office, 32 Stockton st.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDLVE'S, 2M Fremont St.
GOLD quartz chain, cost $60, price $C0 at
UNCLE HARRIS", 15 Grant ave.
QUAIL gun; hlgh-crade Clabrough hammer-
less; half price. 1036 Valencia st.
CANARIES: gocd singers; price each. 32S i
Cumberland st. • i
GOOD set drawing instruments, squares, tri-
angles, board, etc. : cheap. 863% Market, r. 1.
AN aermotor windmill and 2 larare tanks for
sale chrap. F. L. BABIN, 413 Kearny st.
BLUE gum riles for sale. Apply PAUL REI-
SER. -200 Clay st.
4<> H. P. COMPOUND steam engine, complete,
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 514-516-51S Mls3ion st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and \vo>l
planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Bealf.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ar.U
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
VHOTOGRAPIIIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold. exchaTvred. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
lioof safe. 21G California st.
SAFES— New find second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento Rt.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hanJ; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1OT-111 Market St.. San Fran.
j^^sc^lla jvf^i' s wavts! '
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought &
po'd. Silverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brie- ;
a-brao ami books. 103 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHKAD. 1710 Market Bt.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on iurniture. pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
tire; avoid red tape and publicity: see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms. . <
Second Mortgages
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interest In Real Estate...'
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 680 Market.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business . with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 8 and 10. 908 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no d«-
¦ lay: ret my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. I.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first
second mortgages, . estates In probate. Interest
: in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 18, first floor.
Chronicle building. ; HALLORAN fc OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
. est ' rates. - Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— 1500,000 on city and country real estate and
•states; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J.,BROWN8TONE. 11 Montgomery it.
$1N,OOO TO loan orr real estate or for building-
.low rat*. Home Bld«. Co.. 222 Ban»ome. m\
MONEY TO LOAN.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc;
- no removal, no commission: strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MONEY loaned on personal property or Pianos
without removal. 1167 Market, bet. 7th & 8th.
CASH loaned on salaries. New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. d Parrott bids.
8% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy sL
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6% undt-
vided lnts; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Farrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personaJ note.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 817 Market St.. room L
ON furniture and pianos: no removal; conflden-
tlal; on diamonds, tc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. H3 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
YTE offer you better bargains In pianos than
can be obtained elsewhere: a carload of ele-
gant Baumeisters at very low prices. Just re-
ceived; easy payments or cash, as you pre-
fer. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st.
OLYMPIA music boxes make splendid holiday
Klfts; we have them as low as $6 and you can
select from a great number of styles and buy
for almost any price you desire; we give moro
tunes with each box than any house on the
coast; payments If you wish. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market at.
IF you are looking for a really One present
select one of our Decker & Son or Packard
pianos; they are simply elegant and have
the finest tone and action imaginable; we
make this a personal invitation 1 for you to
call and inspect our stock; we sell on easy
payments If you wish. MAUVAIS. 769 Mar-
ket st.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $S cash anC
Jo per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for ?3. J4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oak-
land.
"AS HOLIDAY GIFTS." _
Emerson S">
Sohmer 103
Fisher 150
Chickering 183
Stelnway 133
3 new Haynes $235 up
Heine and Hallet & Davis* grands, $325 to
$975; new pianos, $149. Can be exchanged any-
time in 5 years; $S down. $6 per month; rent
allowed; open evenings.
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st.
A— BYRON MAUZY'S.
Holiday Bargains in Slightly Used Pianos.
Sohmer. nearly new $450
Byron Mauzy, nearly new .100
Decker & 8on, walnut case 225
Steinway & Sons 150
Weber 125
Bord 60
30S-31O-312 Post St.. opp. Union Square.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all- grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS, pianos on storage almost given
away: also car fine new pianos stored from
us<- ami freight: Installments; open evenings.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO., 1710 Market st
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices; fine lance one. $155; num-
ber on time limited; apency Chickering. Ma-
son & Hamlln. Vose, Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell St.; open even-
Ings. "
ALMOST new upright Stelnway Sc Sohmer sac-
rlflced: great bargains this month. BP.UEXX,
20S Post st-
LARGB 3-pedal upright piano, used 6 months;
leaving city. 419 Van Ness ave., nr. McAllis-
ter St.
A NICE upright piano. $30. Room 12. Flood
building; open evenings.
THREK-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. !233 Mission st.
A MANDOLIN, banjo or guitar a nice Christ-
mas gift. . Graeber sells good ones; 634 Post.
GREAT many bargains in *nd-hand upri^ts:
small installments. Harming. 218 McAllister.
HTGH-ORADE planes: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. AI.LF.X & CO.. 314 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S, S33 Market at.. 4 elegant up-
rlphts at your own price. Shonlnuer ap*ncy.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CUHTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, rlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BArtfJAIN — Must be sold: nice uprleht piano.
PPTTMITT:. 1R McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
OFFICES AM) .STOKES TO LET.
A— MAHKET-ST. store: 2 frontages; 23x175
feet: with concrete basement; No. 1132 Mar-
ket st. ; at reasonable rent to responsible ten-
ant Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market.
A— 410 KEARNY— Sunny offices, en suite or sin-
gle. $8 upward: gas: heat and Janitor service
Included.
_^__j OIL. ~
A NEW company Just organizing to develop 80
acres of the best proven oil land in a live and
6ure district; absolutely certain; you can't
miss it: oil all around it; all you have to do
is to drill and get It; two- tenths of lncorpora-
tors" interest to be had at . Inside fieure if
applied for immediately: we incorporate th!s
week; "you'll have to hurry"; why pay 25c
to 50c per share for treasury stock in uncer-
tain companies and wait six months or a
year to double (?) your money when you can
"ro In on the ground floor" and in 30 days sell
out at 40c to EOc, making 1000 per cent profit?
Will bear the strictest investigation. Ad-
dress for two days, P. T., box 785, Call.
ASPHALT for sale; quantities to suit: will
contract delivery: our oil stork advances to 3c
share Dec. 20. JUAN1TA OIL CO.. 500 Mont-
gomery St.; agents wanted on commission.
CHOICE oil stock of rising value in the Mc-
Klttrick district for sale. DR. HERBERT
P.EEVE, 26\i Kearny st.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. «0 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory In
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; mon
wonderful oil field known; over 530 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions;
have been in field from start: will irlve you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
CARMAN & SOMES, 101 Chronicle bld«r.. San
"Francisco: 416 Douglas Block. Los Angeles;
Southern Hotel. Bakersfleld.
PALMISTRY. | ~~
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Tavinr rt.. bet. Onrv and Prw>t: t«l. Rln.'W nei.
1MTF.V1S ANj> I»hSsiONs.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
——————— _ __
OWEN McCABE, Importer, dealer in Teathers;
hair mattress and pillow manufactory old
feathers renovated and purified: all feathers
told warranted well dressed with my patent
steam renovator. 870 Mission, tel. Jessie 1111.
MIDDLE-AGED bachelor, fond of farm life
in good circumstances, wants a gent compan-
lon similarly situated. Room 154. 321 Ellis st.
WANTED— Bright beginner, willing »to pay
reasonable price for dramatic Instruction, can
have immediate position. Box 777. Call office.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
years' experience. J. B.TtAY. 357 Jessie St.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
I had paralysis and spinal trouble In its worst
form, but after treating with Mme. Ada six
weeks gained 17 pounds and am nearly well.
I also had a bunch on my right eye. and both
being boodshot and very weak. ThT bunch
has entirely gone and both eyes nearly well
and stronger than they have been since I was
& ,£° r - ,F«« Arnoli Address at MME. ADA'S
office. 1104 Market st.. rooms 3 and *.
5 * 11 ? AND allows, tel. south ni
PICTURES and picture frames of all descrinl
9<U Howard; open evenings; tel. Howard Ma
A removal sale; a nice cup and saucer free tn
S3^«Bfc-og"-3r&_5_
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purelv
tween Screnotb. and Eighth. «araet st.. b«-
free 'bus and bag^ag, to and from \V, 7Jr£*
1 BBaffih'&Ia_______fg
tasass5-s_^g_gggggn;
"iffig^a'm___g-_-_g
aaia8Haaaa-Hg5SS
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paiat. the be_C
corn cure; 25c; all druggist, "* al - ta * MSB
HBi&-gJa5«_g_g_g
ALKREDUMS Egyptian Henna restore, *~Z
hair to its natural colcr; j^l\ i?Pdr? w Sg
1'I1YSICIA\S AVp^st^ Eoxg "
DR. C C O'lmXELL-oST^r^; '
1021% Market B t.. between Sl^^ Se ?S
CANCERS and tumors cured without sure'cli
operation. DR. J. K. REEVE. ; 6 Y, t.?-'^
REAL ESTATE -CI"» Y FOH SALEL
REAL^TATEEARGAIXgr" ~~*~" ~*
A. M. SPECK & ca
HARD TO BEAT HARD TO Win*-.
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVXNca
Five fiats; rents, $3: all rented; near 9ta st.
Four flats; rents, $48: downtown.
$6000.
Three choice flats, near Post and Taylor -*- *
pays 10 per cent; 27 feet fxont; offer want«L
Flats: brand new; east of Tan Kess >-.¦
rents. 172. "
$13.730— REDUCED FROM $13,500.
Business property; same tenants for yaarsl
store and rooming-house.
flSJO-REDUCED FROM J250.
Splendid 2-story 7-room hfiuso. with stahlac
sightly location; one-third casn.
$7500 IN-VESTED
"Will yield $102 rent monthly above taxea; brantf.
new Improvements.
$18,000.
Pine st ; 70-foot front; not far from Jone*«
rents $140.
$75.000— REDUCED FROM $52,000.
Choice corner lot, 75-foot front; withla h«if
a block of Market st ; with old Improvements;
rents about $400; the only corner that can b«
bought vicinity of Sixth st.
$52. SCO— REDUCED FROM $80,000.
Grand investment; 100-foot front on EUla *tf
with improvements; nicer and better than PsJ.
ace Hotel; rents about $5000; terms, half cash.
$SO0O.
Rents $100; 10O feet front; near Taylor st.|
no chance like it.
$SO,0CO.
Sutter-st. corner; 87:6x37:8; elegant tmnro7e~
ments; rents $1SOO per annum.
$50,000.
Forty-four feet front: vicinity of Ttroll; oil
Improvements; rents. $200; block fnmMarketi
win double surely In 10 years.
$100,000.
Grand corner; new Improvements; under I
years' lease (guarantee): pays iVa per cent.
$100,000.
Market et.. near Call: one tenant: pays well.
$190,000— REDUCED FROM $^5,000.
Market st. ; 100-f oot front ; near Palace Hotel!
pays h per cent.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market at.
BARGAIN— The last of those fins cottage* at
30th and Church sts.; 5 rooms; all modern Im-
provements and S-room flat In lower floor:
email amount cash, balance same as rent; se*
owner on premises.
II* you have property north of the Park and]
you wish to sell quickly, thea call on W. J.
QUJtN. K0 California st.
OWNERS of property in the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. GLTMN 5*0 California
»t.. 8. F. Savings Union building.
FOR sale— Modern house; 8 rooms; flrst-cla39
condition; choice part of Castro st.; terms
reasonable. Box 800. CalL
SIICrrWELL and Army sts.: 43x115 and tO feet
wide in rear. Apply on premises.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
A CHRISTMAS gift— 90-acre ranch for $S00O 1J
sold immediately: 4 miles from Wrights: 40
acres in fruit and vines; nice 10- room modern
house; fine view of Santa Cruz and the bay;
would subdivide. Address II. E. K. box
775, Call.
CIRCULARS free of hundreds of farms In all
ports of the State; stock farms, fruit farms
chicken ranches. Call at office or writ*.
MARION GRIFFIN*. 719 Ifcirket, nr. Call big.
WE have for sale and exchange some of th»
best stock, grain and fruit ranches in tb«
State. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. loio Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the JOOO ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list — more than
all other agents in city: state what's wanted
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Aeent. < Geary st.
FOR sale or rent— 3CS acres In the oil belt near
the Stone Canyon coal mine; 200 men now at
work. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market st-. room 6L
FOR sale or rent— Chicken, host or stock ranch*
near coal mine. Room 154. 321 Ellis st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXC1IAXGE.
NEW -ottare G rms.. bath: lot 50x100: Mission;
rents ' tervn*: and vacant lots. 4U Kearny st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
NEW house. 8 rooms; new cottage. S roomsT
$1*50; lot 45x120. 2 new cottasres of • rooms.
$2500: terms. J. H. Young, builder. 1243 Park.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS^
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from OEO. W. AU3-
TTN » rr> ion« w™«*w»v. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
9- ROOM house, )S5; complete; gas stove, fur,
naee; references: no children: forenoons. 1504
Franklin st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAUBJ.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO. 429. nr. 17th. rear— 3 nice sunny un»
fur, rooms; large yard; stable optional; cheap.
EIGHTH. 34B, near Market— 1 or 3 large front
bedrocms. with regular kitchen furnUhed for
housekeeping; hot and cold water: >^th.
ELLIS. «a— Ne-wly furnished suite of tw» mxa«
ny rooms for housekeeping, $13 SO.
FIFTH, 333— Furnished for housekeeping. 1 flon-
ble parlors, kitchen, bath. J20; also single, $5.
HYDE. 408— Bunny front basement suite. $13-
also rear basement room, yard, laundry. OX.
HARRISON, 731—4 rooms, furnished compleJs
for housekeeping: large yard; bath: Jls.
HYDE, 1414—3 unfurnished rooms for light
housekeeping; parlor floor; sun all day: also
2 furnished single rooms.
LARKIX. 81DH— Large room: privilege light
housekeeping; gas stove and bath.
MINNA. 2S— Xlce sunny furnished front house>
keepirg rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
MOSS, 13. off Howard, near Seventh— S rooms
furnished complete for housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice furnished rooms, for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
THIRD, 23S— Central location; sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms: also double and single.
rooms, nicely furnished; transient solicits*.
VAN NESS. 400— 3 connecting well-furn. sunny
__rooms: tubs: yard: XE. cor, private entrance.
ROOMS TO LET— .Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
ANY person desiring board, board and room,
furnished and unfurnished rooms, furnished
and unfurnished apartments, furnished and;
unfurnished flats; housekeeping rooms, houses,
furnished and unfurnished, please call and
examine our list; ws have largest and most
satisfactory selection in the city; we malts
no charge for services; tel. Red 2334. Elder
Rental Information Bureau. 636 Market st-
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms Ho
to $1 per night; $1 t5 to $3 per week, and light
housekeeping: open all night.
BURNETT, 142S Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 820 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rms: day._25c up: wk. $1 80 up. Mrs. P. Raaxu
CLIFFORD, TO* Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO, S49. cor. McAllister— Choic*
furnished rooms.
ELEVENTH, 120— A large light front and back
parlor, unfurnished: reference.
FRANKLIN. 20*— Newly furnished M»y front
alcove rooms with b*t&; I «— «~-»^p w»ix
troxa Cltjr TTig,breai her record In the tame period by
i^JUm. The Treka Minir* and Millta^
company, oa Eddy Galen, will add fifteen
more men to its force to run twenty
stamps, iliine & Haasick have recently
leased the' Old Vei mine/ owned by A.
Wetzel of Yreka.
Two Chinese con^panle* are mining on
trie . Klaaxatii river. one> at the Vlr^ina.
Bar ».erry, ofeove Honolulu, and the other
at the mouth of Yersey Creek.
Wealth, published at Redding-.
Shasta County, says that a bond has been
obtained by a Boston syndicate on the
Jlammcth grocp cf mines near Kenn°L
Tte amount involved is C25JBK. The bond
extends for twelve months, the final de
posit of fZirjXjij to b« made at. the ead of
the period. The same syndicate has also
bonded a secticn. cf land Including
eighteen claims west of Kennet, also a
section in the StShratflt district adjoin
ia» the Black Diaraan*!. and half a sec
tion at the month of the Pit river, the- en
tire investment being- $3J»j»J This fs one
of the largest deals ever made in Shasta
County.
C. D. Galvin has bonded the AJax
group, on Oreeoa mountala. ia Triaity
coeaty. The property coiap rises abont
12C0 acres. He has alza bought 323 acres
In the same belt fron the Southern Pa
cific Company. If the derelopinent work
gives satisfactory' results the. property
•will be ccerated as a drtft mfee. water
being pumped in from the'- Trinity river.
Ifr. GalTin believes that he has discov
ered the course of an ancient river chan
neL The Sweepstake mice, near Weaver
vtlle. has been bonded by P. Hall. Prep
arations are nearly completed for winter
work c-n the Burner hydraulic mine. Cas
yon creek, im feet of 15-fncfa and KQ fe-t
of 11-Inch pipe, having been laid. Two
gtaata wCl be csed. Aa eld bsxk chacr^
will be exploited. A dredze- is b*^
constructed for woric on th.e Boyce -Ne
EHery ranch, near Trinity Center. Prp*
p«cting with a Keysl^ne driiier is being
cose oa the Crah-GLrai ranch propertiei
near Jcactlon City with a view to dred?
insr. Tee Altooca QulcJtsilver Hiaias
company fs lajrtc?- aydranllc pipe.
The following is aa extract frocx a re
port seat out from the Cripple Creei dis
trict:
Cripple Creei otnes aa.ire preOiiceii H.IS-**?
more KQhA Orsris^ t £rst eleven tacctis at ttiis
year thaa they did daring the corrssjontils?
racath* of last year. The octpes will not b^
aa heavy for December a* it was ia December
last year, bat at that ta* octpat for t&e entire
year at 134» wtU b*. tt is evtima&eO. «.fil5.1»»
greater team far tte entire year 1S39-
The Cripple Creejc iTine Owners' Asso
ciation will sooa complete a railway ta
Colorado Sjsrlszs and "its own ore treat
ment plant at Colorado C3ty-
An odd circtrrastanee has interfered
with, dredging operations that were
planned on the Colorado River. A dredger
is in the middle of the Colorado River.
wtere tt seeras fj>ted to remain for sonae
time. "When the'tcntract wu made afcoat
a year ago for btztlding/ the dredger it
provided for taking it to the bank where
it was to work. When it was being- built.
however, the river changed Its coxirse.
leaving- a. tnrge- sandbar between the
stream and the bade The machine Is
not adapted to working the QT^c^sand
thus deposited and it is reported that the
minis? company refuses to accept the
dredger unless placed where the contract
calls for. while the builders are trnafcle to
get it there, lleanwhlle the dredger may
have to wait another change ia the cccrse
cf the streaia.
MIERS Of THE STATE ' AT WORK ON MANY CUIMS
Ttere has been a cotxbls rvvlval of
sopper rnfrtrg la Chile, tte stimulus, of
:ou.-s«, betas' the tSsh price of the ?r.>
Juct t: the markets. A larye Etnnb€r of
dnct hav* b«en etarted up>. Several
mines have beea opeaed la tiie district of
A.rica. Tliere are poor transportation fa.
lilities and the raises are badly naiap
ereiJ. An EngUah vice-cosscl reports
frca Tocopilla that copp«r raining is ia
creaslng ta that cei^tborJiood. aitbo-ug^i
Ji« amogat of copper shown to have b«;isij
shipped cEurins the past year <ia*s not
bear cut the statement.
Wherever there Is topper activity in
mining is noticeable. The Mirt'rg Jocr
aai. published la Lacdon. says tnat fas
local foundries of. Britisa firms ta Chile
axe turning out machfaery of a very hfjh
:lass. and inportan* ex&eriiaeEta are bs-
Icg nad* "wita electric drills, which, it U
b>pe«3. Trill enable cop:?er to be warkp<±
whxca has iiitfeerco been, uaworkable.
"Thus it Is evident that xMs revival
bids fair to last some time, even though
the price zsAy <ircp coasiderably for -with
econoraScal working- aad better machinery
tae coets caa be so reduced as to enable
proCts to be earned where, lr the past,
[esses ceniseliei the nines ta be shut
dewrx.**
The St. Louts Smelting and Reftaias
Company of D«sloge. ilo.. has just com
pleted what ts said to be the first elec
tric power and li^htlag plant to be used
la e**uijsp!n-g a lead mine. Many coal.
copper and sold noiaes are befc? rca by
elcctricitr. fc'-it It Ls asserted that the St.
Louio company Ls the first to tiae electric
ity in runnics a lead mine.
A minineT associatioa has beea formed
at JET! Paso, Texas. It3 object is to raake
EH Paso tte rainlag' center of the South
west.
The Blue Dici 1111113? Company, a
Cleveland. Ohio, corporation, is
operating- the Blue DieJc and other mines
En the Hassiyampa mining district, is
about to branch o« oa a larg-e scale ia
equipping- Its properties, acccrding to the
Prescott Prospect. About two week3 a^o
a committee of the board of directors
made aa- inspection of the mines and
came to the conclusion that the property
had sxrfScieat ore bodies la sight to im
mediately warrant the erection of reduc
tion works. It was cot decided, how
ever, -what method would be the best for
reducing the ores.
The Grass Valley TTnion pcb>Iisaes the
following- concerning mining operations
ta Nevada County:
There has been a general f«cHae of thiene*s
tn Grass Valley fcr kme« little t!m« c&ss oa
aJCCTist cf tte laying cC of a nmber ol ntin
ers is. several of tae Klnes. tut the Union *s
glad to taJkKBI !ts rea.'Iars that with cn< tx
certica the layoff Is enly t«apora.ry. and with
ia a very short time ta* usual nun^ber of ni*a
will un.ioabte<i'T be at work. Tliere ts ca.o*s
fcr censntatatica. too. In the n*w discovert?*
raai* at th* Coe aad the Gold«n Gate, aad the
¦writer has faith that tfeis dull c«rtod fs caly a
forerunner ot better times t? coce. This towa
has >~»^ its ur» and downs ever since ft *u
founded, fcut It will be her* asd prasjeroas for F 1
aanj y**rs after the present generation, has 3
ca«*rf awij. •• - ¦ ¦ .¦ »
Tte Ccion la taJuciugd oo th« best *wtJsonty j
t&at the lajtny OS of svsxr sen « *&• Xorti ,
Star isiae a. Jew days *?o Trill ost te percss.- j
nent asd that it »aa eccasicaed by a. shortage f ,
of water for jaw«r, and for no otter rmacn.
W!tfc 2 good storm or raro tfclns* wBH resume I
'STair na*a-Ml crier *t the Nertfc Siat. wM=±i I 1
will- be welcome news £tr Grass YaJScyaas. ]
Quite a number of tisoee wl» were laid off t j
»t the- FVrrpfro to permit of te5rov«in'»ats to
tti«- mia have been giwa work helstEr to re- c
moT-e old ball-iinsrs. c*i i=achiE*rT. etc.. and -
wine Ui-tr t«>l!<la.r pajTiajr mtO be smaller tsaa «
csoit, th-7 will have eacusti coaiiny to |lw ; ;
them aoni« Chrtstxa* cfcfrir. Whea the Efl
Ixas t*«a put in ftrst-clasa iluip* it will aaccla <
a greater -ft-»»»f of are a=d will keep * S3"*l ! j
force of men t>u»i"- - '
Tte Araador Record reports that sink- I 1
*n5 has b«ea resumed at the Kirkwood | <
mice, n^ar Jackson: also that work i3 , •
proce«^in^ steadily at the WUdmaR-lIa- j i
honey mines- t
A heary Cow of water, as reported by ;, 1
the Calavera^ Citizen, coming from sciae <
old worktces was tiaexpectetiiy- tapped la (
tire siiaft of the LJoyd. on Central HHI.
near San Andreas, and drove the torce : j
from tile rainfr and necessitated a tern- <
porary iatisp^nsion of operations. Tne ]
water is supposed to cocae from the old i
Union shaft, and the Cow ¦was so great <
tiiat tte pumps were unab!* to keep it out j
o' tbe shaft, and after worfcia? hard for : •
thirtv-aix bears and a steady zaln of 1
water being noticeable in the shaft tt was ;
decided to Bospead c?erarion.5 for a time ! «
anti put in ptixnpixLS michin^rT cf a raucii | ]
greater capacity ttan that at prasent en- \ •
ployeil. Tne prospects w»re of the brieht- i i
est when this unforeseen state of affairs | •
presented itself, ar.d it. is. nmch to be re- ? ;
gxetted by alt. However, Mr. Palmer. I .
who has the mine in bend, taows the sur- |
rounding country well ana has much [
faith In the Ucyd ar.d wili-eoon again go
ahead tn the work of development.
Articles of incorporation have been filed
In Tnolumne County of the Grand View ¦
Go'd Mining" Company. Tuolucme County
la the principal place of business. There
are five directors: C. W. AFres of Tuot
umne County, J- R- Scnpham. 1L_ A.
Rotchchild and F. M. Parcella of San
Francisco, and Herbert Gaytes of Oalc
land.
Extensive mineral developments are be
ing made in Sal: Spring Valley and vicin
ity in Calaveras County. The lode first |
made known in the Royal mine is now
dotted with mines throughout its extent.
The "Consolidated Mining Company has a
• group of nine claims upon it- The Big
Bonanza ar.d Addison are among the prop
erties In the section. The Calaveras Pros- f
i p«ct says that the lode is plainly traced
throughout Calaveras Ciuaty.
Most of the placer and hydraulic mines
in Siskiyou County are rsported to be at
wtirk. The water supply in Tsoat districts
i<5 tbcv» the average. Tbe Scott Valley
Advance predicts that *Si>.0CQ will be ex
pended tn Siikiyou County tn new devel- r
opmen; work within the next twelve ,
| months, and that the county's output will t
REAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Mary L. acd "WTIllazi T. ateXatt to Nannie A.
Meyerfrtd (irlfe cf MorrU Meyerf-Hd Jr.). let
on S Hie cf Calif omta str««t, SlWo! Fraait
lia. VT Tl ty S B7:«; C3.
Jcha Certer ta Eatgrprte* Erewtcr CorE?a=y
(a ccrporaticcy. let b«ciani=j? 1«5 S of =lx
te«ctii street »"< 131 E cf FolsoQ. E S3 fcy
X K; CO.
Kifcercta Sartijs aai Lean Society ta H«sry
Feiye. lot co S ilM cf Army itreet, SO E of
Noe. E 2 i7 S HI; C2&
Emily Carl<i=i5t. tidmlnistratrix. etc. et ai»
ty Murray F V'aadall. ccmssi«»iotier> to W&v
Itan and Helen E. Crr«r. lot ca E line cf
Castro strwt. 83 S c* CXtBpc^ S by E SO;
rus. „ .
Winiaai C- and M. Edits Kamiltcn to 3f^jor
Ojcwir. let c-c 5E ccraer oC Twentieta *-«¦!
I>jus-Ia?s «reets, E S> by S 1»; tM.
Slortia E. P*rkaurst to Henry. E. BiCun.
lot ca XV Itae cf Natcrsa Ctzctl, !»:« SW
of First. SW «:S by XT T3; tM.
J:«-r;i I. Hc«an tcs Marzax«t Greene Cwtfe 1
ef Jets E.). let on X"VV corner cf Harrison,
and Eerer.ta streets. SW S3 by XW S3; also
lot ca S lire of Teha=* «tre«t, JOT W ei FlftX
W 5 br S R; also let ca S line Of Xatnsna.
street. 373 VT cf First. W iZ by S SO; ala> let en
5 line ef Xatoma. street. 3Z6:* W o< First. 'W*
2:<5 by S 5S; lc?t on S line cf Haifftt street, w
"W cf IVviaadero. w by S 11»: lot on XHT
lis« of M'.r.-a street. 1^ SW of Seventh. SW
S fcy Ii\S- 13. nfc
Le»ls Emttii to Carrie F. Sciti. let en 3
Kne ef £r--lano »tr*«t, lutf V»" cf Tennessee. "W
SO by S VO: ti.
ilarr Hiller ta Ira. O. «=.<! G-crjisa Crcsscti^.
rereccrd 1TC2 i !33. lot on E line cf Twelfth
aventie. 2S S of Clement street. S 13 fcy E
na; Si*.
Ira O. and G«<?rcla» Crosses? to Lcaisa A.
Msrrisca. «ia»; J10.
G-orr* H. S^IXtraa tc WilHass Corfctn. Uit
ca W Un* cf Ptyracata str»«t. X2A S of Far
al^sce ¦tratC. S K:« fcy W 1»>. bloci J. Rail
road HoniesteaJ Assoctatloa; J14.
Carleton J. aai Emma P. Clacks ts WlHfara
C HajsUtac. lat oa XW Use oi Pr%dta aTesu*.
«2»;«% XE cf Mlasioa street. NE S1:*H. XW
12. W S3. SE !S4.r-i; |UL
Alasieda Coxxaty.
Chaxles M»II»r Sr. to Ctarlw Ma«ner Jr..
lex ca XE ccreer of Railrsad atTecue aad Saer
nian street. X 3T.S3. E t35. X ««.«. E 33.1*. 3
1CT-J1. 1>V l«0.13 ta beipinninjr. portion cf Slock
33. Fttca Tract. Alanieda: $19.
Alyemos B. Sayle to Aiellas M. Sayla, lot
as. X line of Octral avenue. JO E cf Grand
street. E 5ft by X 13>. pcrtlcn o< block. 5. lands
adjacent to Enctnal. Aiazntda; gift.
Daniel aad JsILa A. B'icksan ta Uary A.
Harper. let en S En* cf. Tw<Hity-Crst street.
tSkXH E cf Linden. S K&L W 25. X &":V±. E
2S ta beirlnninj?. porticcs of -lots IS. 11 and IT.
map cf Wer-sin^er Tract. Oakland; It*.
4. Koenlg aad W. F. Kroll (trustees for Ab
fci- J Huater aad Jota F. DinswelD to Rssali*
Saava. all Interwt in SSS 0; 153. lot oc XW
ecrn*r of Alice and Seventh ' ¦tJMU. X K» by
W K35. lots 13 to 27. tlock 20. Oakland ttms
t-es' deed): W0C7. i
Spencer C. Buckfcee ard Henry Dutrow (tres
te«s L. T. Bowers) to Safety Hattal EtHidin?
and L«oaji Association, all Interest In H2 D. 174,
lot 33. block X Grtyre Street Line Tract, trus
ihs- deed, B^rke^y; R734.
H A. Robertson t:> Martha A. McSsaa"
Laa^ord. the east jrerticn cf let 1M. pUt 43.
Mottntain View Cemetery, O&klaail ToTrnship;
txa
Standard laiirrcTrrrsent Cosgasy to Caloe
Partnr and Costractlnr Cctspaay <a corpcra-
lot ca V.' line of East Valdez street, 30(1
V of Dennison. X SJ by W 15, East Oaklaad;
173). ' ,
llarit Parish '-« airainistr«.tcr of estate of
Caartes H. Eastman, by Oartzse Crowell.
comnolssiCEer) to Oakland Ban'* of Savtnss.
lot on. W corner cf East Twelfth street aai
S«veisth( avenue, XTV 10 by SW 130. block 32.
Olntaa. East Oakland; |33?3.
Stacdax-i ImrrtTvecent Conspaay to Untsa
PaTtnjr aad Coctractlrs Company <a. cmrcr*
tioc>. let on E line of Xlata street. 133 X of
Aliston way. X 13 by E 1X7. beln* tie X 3i
feet cf 1st 3S an-J S 15 feet cf .lot 3. block 151.
Allstaa Tract. B«rie!»y; $3CC
Raymcnd tTUaon to Wllllart Keith, lots 1. 2.
and S 2J feet cf tot 3, tlock 22. natp of Daley's
Seeds Park. Berkeley: $1S-
Hecrl'etta and Talentins Srcbecracch. to C
V,'. McAfee. lot ca E tine cf Fifth- street. 13«:2
X of Delaware. X S» try E 1C lot a. block CJ,
Tract B, Berkeley Lean and Town. Improve
ment Association. Berkeley; J13.
Builder's Contract.
H. Crawford <<r»m«r> with T. J. Crawford &
Fan feontrsjrtors and arcfcitects>— All wort for
a three-«tcrT frame buJldlny on X line of
Geary street. ST.-S W <rf Scott. 3 by 13T:*; tSOi.
Weather Report.
OSStn irerldlan— Paclac TTni«.>
- SAX FRAXCISCO. CaL^ Dec. 1J— 5 p. m.'
Tte foUowtsy are the ««aaon*l rainfalls to
data as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall tn last twenty-fatrr boots;
j List I This I Last
STATIOXS. |I* Hours^ S*«*on. ' Seasoa.
EareJt* [ — ( .... ! 25. S
r*<j Binff [ «.a s.n ».a
Sacra=j*nt» — \ 0.54 7.C »_S3
Saa Fraactsco [ Q.V> «»» ».M
Frr!=o I .... 5.E} 4.4*
Saa Lds OtUpOL.;. .... I. S3 5.05
Independence f .... S.W 1.17
Lo« Anseles J «-T» J.33
Saa lAsgs f .... I.a l.tt
Baa Francisco data: Maxlsiun tenperatsre,
54; nirriarjia, 4S; cneaii. 12.
WEATHER COXDITIOX3 AXD CEXXRAX.
FOR5XTAST.
Ts« stcrta «3 the "Waujihiyton coast ta£»
rsarziof has tnortd rapidly Mstvart! and to
d?ht ts centra.! oertt «f Mcaras*. Rats has
fallen frara. the epper San Joatquia Valley aad
Central Xeraila oortaward. Rale conttntiea t»
Jail ever tb« rr««ter portion cf Wasctastoa
aad Or*ircn.
Te« pressiae t»3 rls«a rapidly over th*
jsortaweetem scrtloa cf the country dcrlnj?
tte past twelve hotzrs. aod f allea over Clan.
. tj:^ eocstry east of tee Rockl«a.
Tn* temperature char.g** ttave beea aUgat ta
all dlstrlcts-
Coadltlans ar» fxvonfcls for laeirera. tol
lowe«i ¦ ey fair weatcer Monday ncrta ef ta«
Teaacliaiii and fatr eonta. >
Forecast m*de at San Francisco far tatty
bofcrs. eadtnat raldnliat. D«e?3l!«r ; IT. 1300:
Xortiera Califcntia: Sacrwers. fallowed by
txir weather Uotj&iti freah wwt wtad.
Soatbera Calif arnii — Fair Moaday; ltsbt west
trlnd. . -.-.¦ _..'¦. .:„• -. - .
V «-*£*— Kaia cr snow; colder Monday.
Utah— Rila or enov Monday. ¦
ArUo=»— Clocdy Ma=day: colder ta ncrtfc por
tion. .' -¦¦'¦'¦- ¦ - . • ¦ :i : ¦ ¦ ." ¦• ¦ - v
Sas rtmadseo and vtctetty— JHiowers, fatJorw
ed by fair weatier iramlay: rreea irwtt wind.
O. H. T7ILUBOX,
JjOttl Ferecut OOcUX.
HOTEL ABEIVALS.
5RAXD HOTEL. . L
A A de LJjxe, Sacto Gorfbe &. w. M«xt«i i
A Slnpscc Chtca«3 JKias Ck>db«. Mexico ;
JXrs G E Ctaxk, &»t=a F E "Wrijht. Cshisa
J Knllraa-n. Benicia |W 3T Laaspiirsy, =acta 1
¦W B Andersen 3#rkay.J E Messarve A w.Lca f
F B*:kr_i? OaklaaJ i Angeles
J E ?u:iSvaa.Rlo Vlita. K I> E*ro*t. PasoHcblea 1
M C Woc-ds, VIMIU. II S Harst 3c w. Or ;
H B RosserJ, Fresco Mrs M Oesry, W^s
B T FUr.t & w, Siita O E P*pd»*. Caleap>
J Acd-rson. XT 'J E Bell. Events
T W Mc-\.allfr«. 3acto G Hcod. Ky
B D* Eeiasa-1. Cal W G Scott, La Ar^ules )•
C E S*yiaocr. Caar E CT Hart. S*«o
J E Sai'th. DecTer I J Jactsta. Sacto
E X ToTscctt. Red BI2 1 A Kn!tBt. Der.T'r
G P Atlf, Cotoaa. ;O G OvcrtaaBf; L. a.t.% ¦
J VT K-axth, Cclasa -A T SprocU t. Ao*ale3 [
I> H Bala & w. «act!> J J Goliasaa, Marred
H MeG'itr*. MarTsrtUs"it Marks. Or>vtHe \
J H Tlhbtts. Reddlag I
PALACE HOTEL.
G Halfcrd, X T ¦
G Lnfiia. Et Locis 'I
D W Craflrfirni.R ElaS !
H C Fertiff. Baitsrsseld
J H Montgomery. Or ; .
JC H Bate* Jf^m. Ilfc* f!
C G Webber. St Lonis
D J ward & tr. Oalo ;
F L Mocre. X T
E VT Il3.?.:n. BakersSd:
A H Anderson. Cal
G D Steoaxt,-^* T -('
F W Ubby. K T
V>«raa
A H HeKay. Lo« As?
J C Gair. CMca.sr> : i
•\ i-AT«rreno». l<:t»t
5 B Carpenter, Dearer
!V H "2urpby. Les Anj
,4. Loaetai. N T
D J -Xcrtoa Jr. X Y
A L. Aaxndall. Cnlca«a
B Crow*U.' > ' Clerelaad
J C Ie Dec N Y
7 H Kiniarf. V»
R. V HarrisoQ. Lo« Aa.
C M 'Wirr^a, JXIcK
O W ilaystater?. Els
Jlrs'TIionsaa. Calca?o
A L Gtl«s. N* T
T E Van Dyae. N" T
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAIili, MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1900.
9
AUCTION SAEES
EDWARD S- SPBB& CO., Aactfasttrs,-
E zsd SS STTTTEK 5TR23T.
Teieshcze ilj.3. Slil.
Cisi cald tte Faraitare. Car?»ea. D«sks msA
H*rc.1an<lti* t.> F»rtie» nc* wt .tiling c» «M £3»
Auction Eetirma.
BOOKS! BOOKS! BOOKS:
TETHSDAY. FRIDAY a=i SATUROAT. D^
ctmyr JUta. SJas an.i_ Sd. '.-•» <L
OiaswEii:^ *aei dax at II o'«ic«Jk a. SL.
WE WTILL aSI.L ES OCR 3ALSSPXOM ST
C^TAliXJtTS tie prf»ai» Ubrirtes of C*O Efey-
Csls renrl'Jc:*:!. eocststiasr cf iX*' fe»>As. Caeiy
ftccr.-t. an.i rs-^stly E=?rli»h
VOTE. — Taia 1» a coi>cticra tha.1 vwrr aeticta
fs" «S-r«-! at aaeti^st. Ca;alo«=«* now rvawKr
and tc^ks ca exSlbttJoa.
EDWARD ? SPE-VR & 00.. A3ctiocggr».
•p ATT/Bf>AT> TTtATO-
SOCTflKKX r.4CI»IC COJIFAJTr.
t?.c: rrc «TiTl*.l
Xyslaa |*« >• m»U »rf rf»* «• «»»Tl»« ••
*' «A» nt**«:«a»c«>.
mn - j>3^ Dtcccna I. POOL - sxct»
•Mta B«ici». 3«»S3; Ziala. VMasSI*. —^ _.
Bar^a 3?dapi WCjws. ZM
S JiK*«caLT»ZaJ*5afa,
C»2WP«»»»l Ana **" --— "•**¦»
•»«•««. D»Vj. W«di»»«!. Kait33aL»a«Ba«.
JlArTiTui*. «Jio««i*..... — --IT"* »!7^
•Sr««4 5E«. li»a=cr^ Tn^. Lstiroa,
atoefcica ~.~- -"• *?«*»
• «:!•> 3m» Jaa*. liwtnat^ *"*"•
I««. .•»<»««£«. rbenviSa.
HumSk. QiA BldB^if...... TV!«
•«iS«» OuitJ. Cttaase. aoocrv Cwa« . "*!i? r
•»:•»« Hij«»ru. Xi^iiad W«aSaa»s. # llH»*
•»:?«» La» Aumcs ElJToa — «*J~>««j
Tewt. i*aw«pL swwrtoa. H*rx-J.
Fi iimiii -— T T -"* *"l """ "•:"'
-*-.xm* V»i>s... ,it«i4M •»* w »r **•*£»•• ******
mt. Otcaia. Ct&sy*. --¦— ""»•?
•11:«*A 5"^<a. 3«oe«sc». -i«t»s»a&v M«»-
doea> Fi-mai. U»aferi. TiaSa.
T--r»r»ii« -.;"— •*»•»»
t£Be.Busrsd<id.LcsA3«des.....
t!r««r«*a»nMoeBl;i»a«Sssaa*et«.. ....... J*]*"*
•l««f«i."..-«. km !?¦•¦¦»¦¦,. Vi^t;*,
Sj<»,U><««>.auuCM . "•»!»*
Woorf-'and. K«htal» LaciJat. .
H.Vn'f.>- "-"" t — -
•I:»«F H«Tw*ris. Miw aad ««¦ Jew...... }»»*»*.
(OcMrtewt Italsrf. C P*«k S«w .__._
•S:«wr Tia U«l LlmlSed— TrwT. rtwoo.
tar*. Lc* AsmI^s. •lt»H*
«IiMr5<v Ort=aa« Ex?«sai-B^ «¦*»«.
nil D Puo. S-»» Ozi<nsa awl
a**s .— .. "T»*>»
•**9r Ei»»»rl».5-e«»*da»a Jjs« •7sl'»4
?«-.••? Ta;>J» '»»*»»
trauv Ciiof) -- ****3r
•<i«»?Cr«;»i Ma2*-Cs£ea. I>r»"»r.
O=.va Cb.avrJ - «4t|Sp
•s*«3rSan P^>£* P»rt CaMa. Xarttad
¦»4««f2Ust(M _... 11^*3*.
t*a*»r v«B»jo „ *ll*a3^
C01ST DITI>1')H Oarrait t»xs{t}.
SUJfoaa ••«»•»
fjt 1 3 f y* v-ir*. caT.ffm::?. -*.•! j;*». 5-" •
Aissdna. litaa. ftj«i4s» Cn«*,
Saata Cra aad 1'iiacivaX K »f
i--»:;.w» fi»»»«*
M:l3P?«raa. 3*o Jaa*. LsaGaaea. •*:•»?».
aJ# n»r- P-^--»»«' ExsmJon. Saa Jcaa sad
w~tT3»3CgS ??«*•?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
troa »« ii.-ca*.*. : :: i.:: :::•».
iasat... 12:3 i:3 t:3 'L^rji.
CO1VT DITISM* (BrsaaiUa««).
r*st*«Ocisaa Via*, densa 3%a FriAdKn.. |*Mr
?7:#*« Sxa Jcm a.i.i XI *T ~ •¦+:'. ¦•¦>¦» { X»«
a:i«4.!-!« WthwiijMaij; •!:»• f
•»•••«» SJ&a Jdao. Tn ru:ua. »«ata Cm.
Paei^e O: i>i r&ao Ratxca, Saa
!.«•: j ri- ;»rm, rnr*. Loosgoc aa>i
Priac£?al fv*f -;.»•.; rn» ......... Mil»-y
•l*:4«t Saa Jom aa4 War HStdoas......^ *<k33»
•lids* »aa Jun ami W» 7 Ssadoaa *3t lot
ri:u".ii!«-aC:ui.5«JJm.
Ttea Kaoa. *ua Crir. SaSaaa,
Uoo-.er-f j *»! ?».--": Gxrrrt...... »1«:t* i
• l::if*4aJ!«t!l*»ji:i;l*i *T:1*»
t-tslSr^aaJcaeaajrrfaeisai W »T 5«a^o»« *»:-(3«.
tS.-*«ri*3 Jo*«. Lea Gaaca aad. Pr* curt gat
Wijsaaocs I9.a«»
•J:3«? '4aio»! »3iPrra«aC VTiy ii»oi:o* *«i33a
; 'i.-SH? -uJiliJU.I 5Iij;-4l.:t4 t*fc«*t
: aJI:4^r gae Jjag »--vl 'Wtr Su^i.in» *TiX«>
! AbcXsnazf. P f jr A f*rr»oon
• th.;t * - !«t norawi ; *»¦— -*»r *o^j.
; Macdars. 'Veiseadxjx Tridayi.
e Tarndtyi. Tz.i?*Ujx s<izi\j\.
c Sassriijjicui.
CALffORXU yqgnVKTEBS IL CO.
SAM FRASCIS^fWWaTH PABIH3
railway canPAjnr.
TTSTP-ON FSaRY-FOCr; CT VATryTrp jr.
6aa Frodaco ta Saa Rafael.
W^va. DATS— CiM. >:«- S-0 S. =.; 12:C JtSJ.
; luU. *J0 p. cv Taar»d*7s— Exrr* tn? at IU3»
: p. a. SJuzrdATs—Zssra etas a: t^« astt
U:S r- IB.
ETX2aTS-I«. i.Si. n.-CO a. =3.; 1^3. J Ja, t^S.
San Rsfael to Saa Fraactoco.
WETS: DAT3-4U0. TJX t^X CJ3 a. 13.: HH5,
i !:«9. J 17 s. a. Ssrnriaya— £xtrs. tr^a ax IJi
\ aad C:S ;. a.
8rNT>AT3— i^. »:«. U^i a, =.: l:«k, !:«, i:M»
1 I^S a. ex.
B«tw««3 Saa Trsxsisee as<2 Jlfc^aisCiea Park«
i ml=* toh*&al* aa aborra.
I Lcav* j Ia ESaet j Arrtv*
gaa FraariJcau f Not. I. mxx i Saa y»agtsoa.^
T«i f Sea- I I 9es- I Ww*
Days, f days. { Daatt-sfTnn. | days. I Day*.
T J5 a=jf S^M a=ii Navmax C^taaas,' J««a
I.SJ pta' J:»sra! Pets iT-ta, i:S6 a&.i»:a sa»
j »;£> any irW gta; Saats. Rjaa. IJS gsr trg pta
; i t Fttltca. i "
I • I Eaaldabors. j
I Lyttas.
{ C-T*err^a, i
lJ3g=i' inWars 1 Ctorarisjs. taa asaf ta ga>
j I^ft sat! aad Ck^Jx f T Jt gtaj i^a pa
f trf» aas; Gn*ra«vtr«. T35 staf
I jo ml I I t»a»pes
I^Taas *«J a=' Bcrtc—a I tOJ aaj; l:« as»
{ . aad
1^8 pcu Srf» gsa. G^st EH«a. t I^S gsit fcS pn»
»japm ir'^gai.' ggbastapci. | I JS pex, ia;a
E-rtzrs aad VTolta acjsur a;rla«s: at FSISsts
ta' Aitrcria: ac Lyttsa f=r Lrttaa tectan: as
G«r>«rvtU« r=r Saaxxs at CKrr^ai,
far tae Osysers: at HcpUad far Dmeaa
errtass. H^tTitI S^lsyt. K*issr«5«. Q*r*"
fcad £wl=«s. Soda Say. L*Z*oon sad BartirtS
aErtSS. BI-2* La*». Lacrel DatlLaka. WItssr
I 8~rini» C^er La»». Pocso. P«tar ?aCay.
JotaCayi- R:v«r?!ia. Uerleyt. BactajdTs.
I f aai«drta H*t*5.ts. H^ltvUJ*. Orr's K:t Spttaj*.
Mendodao ety. Fsrt Ers*T. Wj^an. CsaC
wSits. Lar-a=-^>- Ci=ua«s. Bjffs 9prJs*s,
I Harris. OU«=*. Drsr. Scctla aad Ssrafc*.
t SaOTfiay to StoadaT ro=»»-er!» ttekats a* *a>
I r«=d-tr!p tte^ts to a3 potsti
fcrrealssF Rafael st half rau*
TtcxatVfflc*. o» tou: s*^c^«^|gc*
U. C WHITING. CJea. rias. AXW
Gtz. Mi-srw.
I HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILHQAIL*
Via Se-=saUla Ferry.
Ca&=j«e±2S Se;t8tEb«r ». OCtt.
FBOM SAN FRANCI3OD TO vrr.T. VAIXBT
AND SAN ?JIjJ£I*
. WKKK DATS-«a. "liI5. llr* a. il, Izti
f.H. *-VK S:15. *«:13. «:*> 9. es.
EXTRA TRIPS— Ftr MiU VaUs7 *i3 So
Rafael ca Xscdays. r.'sdacsiars tsd. SaA>
uriiys st 7:f» aad 11^13 p. a.
; scnixats— -s^». larsa. «UJ9 a. av. "t^3L
f Jos,. **:e. *^sa. »-^» >¦ b.
1 Trsias raarSced (*> rca ta Saa. Q/ssstti-
t FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO 3AX FRANCtSOO.
WEES! DAY3-«^!>. "i:3>. T:i>w »:» a. =v.
i •!!:». 1C •3J». 43». I^» p. a*.
EXTRA TRIPS oa lTi.ii*7». Wei£=aa<SsTS
E «.-¦! Saturdays st *:«¦» asd 1J:3> n. aa.
I SX^fDATS— 4J». **-^ »^r^. *11:*S a. si>.
I •!:«¦. n:U. 4:15. •?:*> p. ra.
i Trains rsaritd <•> start frocr S*a Qs-estta.
I FROM VXLL. VALLET TO SAN FRAXCS3CXX
1 -WTESS DATS— 5:t5, «-.«. IJS. t-J» a. av.
; C^S. !:".>. J:3c\ 4^i. i.r p. =.
EXTRA TRIPS oa Sl.c-tir*. "W"e4se*Ur»
I asd Saturdays at ::*.J sad £>:£> > rx,
SXTNDAT3— S-.S3, t>35 a. ax, 11:5*. 1^3. t^ft.
S^!^, C;43 ». !=;
- TFP* ".¦'*»** TSAINSu
153 a. za. met ixr»— Cazxl*ro c=4 ««7
itatiass.
1:45 p. ex. Sinriin — ~Z-sc^.~* sad w*y
¦tXtfOBSL
» r<o a. ex. Stc&SsTa — Tsssales aad wxy
StaSCBStr
a Dr. G ibbon's Dispensary,
O-t> BE\KTT ST. E«ts&&lM4
[n ISS4 tot tit* tresssuns ei rrtvste
DEswa«s.LontHaBaoo(!. DebOlyor
lwv> wearic «b bw*J sad Bind aad
ISkta nfiii in I Tie DoctBrci.'j » a wtta
iis-n lii Try tin*. Ctargaa towi.
Cvr*« rwjvnusit#w«. C*3fMrz&»
Dr. J. T. GIBBO.\.i*i?r«ctJCO»Cai _
OCF A TT TRAVEL, I
TOYO RISEN KAMi
STEAHEKS VTILL LEAVE VTHARJ*. C3OR- »
t«r First aad Braaaaa streets, st 1 a. a..
for TOSOHAMA asd HONGSONG. esn=«- *: ;
Kob« (Hioco). Nacasakl a&d Ssasjraal. aad ',
coen*ctley at Hocfrko&r wtta steamers for In- I
dta. etc No carij received cs feoaxd oa day of !
saUlas.
SS. | AJCEHICA MARC
Saturday. Dececsfcer 3. 130(3
SS. HONGSONG HARC
Thursday. Jaanary 34. 1301
SS. NIPPON HARC
Toesday. February O. tXl
Ronad-trfp tickets st r»d3c««J ratas. Fcr
freig-fet and passage apply at eonrp«sy"s o£2c«, j
421 Marie: iliwt, ccjner First.
"W. H. .O*ERT. G«n»ral Ar-t-
AMERICAN LINE.
rrr tqz. socraAxrrra. icszas. nm
Stspcisg- at Chtrbezrg. -Brtstiocal. •
Frot= New Tark Every Wedacsday. 19 *. es. |
St. Lods D*e- Z^ocrHajiA ....._Jia. M t
X<rw Tork -Jan. JIFrtesiaad Jan. a f
Kensington Jan. StVadortand Jaa. 39 [
RED STAB LINE.
New York and Antwarz*.
Frrra. New Tsrfc Every "Vf«<t=«sday. a Noon. \
-Westemlaad ...Dec. 2S[Noordland -Jas. a
"Westeraisnd ...Jaa. I|Fri«3laad Jta. 23
Keaslnstna ¦!*»- S.SosSiwark Jaa. U
Fcr- freixtt a=d psssay- apply t»
rSTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
» JZr>nr.m*rr24T? »t.. Or any of tts ay»gt». f
BAY AND BIVER STEA31EE& I
TflBoTs; RAIT YARD AsiTALLEa^
Stcszner "JtoattceOa."
HON.. Tces^ Wed.. Tears. aa«i Sat. si *:«
a. ai^. JU3, %-JO p. m. («r- Tatirs. nl^at); Frl-
, da>s. 1 p. za. and 8.S): Sun Jays. 13 :M a. =.; I
p^ m. Landtnar and of2c«. Mlssloc-stre«t Dock.
Pl«r Na. I. Xel«5acae Mala ISS.
FARE JOa
TtATT.TtnAT> TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains- D a»y
L«*v» 3£arket-€tr««t Ftrry Derct.
Lve. Saa Francisco.: 3:0* a =.' »:!} p rr>- ?;f.i> ? = '
Arr. Stockton fl2:39 p m.~-JS p m|Hr<»n ct *
~ Merr«l. I 2:Cpi={ i lO3a,a» !
" Frwao .........f Opcf '33(3 a a*
" Vlsat^ | «:?*> p a* t 43a & n» !
" Tulars t 4:2 b m| 5:»sta[
** Hanfart ..;5JIpm' : T*« a xa i
*¦ EakervaeM }S:3»B-ra| .... T^o a m *
•* D«aver . ... : 1»:C<5 a m. , t
" Siasas CSty... ; j:ti p rr.
1 " Cfctcaga j I:« a ml |
J *. =. train, la the Overland Exnresa. Caxra-
tpoedlnff train; arrivi-s at C p. m. dally. ..
i:l> ;. n. !> Stocktoa Local. CorrespocdXaz
train arrives st 11^5 a. ra. daily.
5:CO p. a. is Fmao aad Baktrsfieid Etjtwj.
with SIe*yla« Car* for t-ati ctaas. CbrretBead-
tsjr train arrtvea at 3 a. sv dally.
OFFTCIS— «1 JCarket st. aad la Ferry I>3ot.
San Fraaclsco; HIS Broadway. Oakltad.
MOUNT TAMALFA1S RAILWAY
Lcavts Saa Fracciscow vis. SasaaHo Ferrr:
VTEEK DAT3.'...»25 a. in.; 1:C ausd ld» p. tc
SUNDAYS .Jaifll WM. li^» aad 1^5 p. a.
. »*-. Far*. Saa Francisco ta> Sc=lr asd SctaraL 1
KEW TATE2W OF TA3LVLPAI3 XCTWOFEX. f
ncJrtt offlcca, CI Stettt it. Sc&MSta rerrr" I
OCEAN TBAVEH
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•. Stei3i«r3 Ieavs Breadiray
K. wharf. San. Francisco:
fifHw For ,at.«v^^ Ports — 12 a. sv.
b^gtob^ d-c. 12. it. r. ,i;. jaa. i.
1 i t^^^5®*5\ ChanK* ta ccc:;-a^iy'* st«L=:*rj
I^N'^^ «1 "S"^ 1 " Victoria. Vancouver <P.
• c -)» Port To-ar=»*tiJ. ~»a:t:*-
Er*^*S^^RSi1 Tmsonia. Bverets. Anacorte*
and N#w Waatecsi fWasa.)—
| "¦* U a. a.. Dec. 12. K. tt. S.
Jaa. 1 aad every flftlt day taereaft«r. Chas*»
at Seattle far f **« company's stearaers fcr
i Alaska, aad G. X. Ry-: at Seattle or Taeoraa to
X. P. Ry.; a: Vasetmver ta C P. Ry.
For Eureka. Hoabcldt Bay— J p. m. r D«e.
14. 13. t*. », Jan. S» aad every ftfta day th«r«-
after. "..¦- -
For ftm Dle«o. stor>nln* ot:It at Santa Bar-
fcara. Port Lcs Aas*lss and Redondo (Lea Aa-
r*!«»>— Steaaier Que«c. Wedaesdays. 5 t a;
tteaiser Santa. Rasa. Saadays. I*, a
For Santa Crnx. Monterey. San Simeoc Cayn-
caa. Psyt Harford <San Lets Oblspo>. Gavtota.
c anta Eartara. Ventara. Haesera-. S*a Pedro.
East Saa Pedro <Lc» Aasreies> aad Newport—
Stsaaiw Corsaa. Fridays. } «. a.; steasisr
Dcnlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. b.
Far Eisenada. Magdalena Bay, Saa Jca« Ait
Cafco. Mazatlaa. Altata. La Pax. Santa. Rcsalla
aad Gnaysas (Mel)- IS a. s. Iti eaea nsocts.
For furta«r lafsrjratfoa cbtala ccrapaay't
folders. - » >
The - costpanr rsserves tS« rljat to c!m=«*
¦team'ers. ealllnff dates and hsurs of saillnc
wtt*<cnt "rr»vtoa« notice.
TICKET OFF1CB-4 K«tt sraau«a«ry
str*»t <P»I.ic* HoteO.
GOODALL. PERKIXS A CO^ Gea. Aywts.
1» il»rfc-t st-. San Franctscn
I —.:
TIE 8. R. & 1. Cfl.
tnSPATCK FAST 8TSAJ13E3 TO
POFwTLAND
. . From. Sjw»r-«tr»#t TTharf at 11 a. ta.
f rin C SI2"flrst Class l£clt»lfis Berth
; rAuC $3 Second Class acd Meals. ;
t COLVitBIA Sails ......D«c. 14, 34. Jaa. J
GED. W. ELDER Sails D * c ",*?' 3
' Short Us* to "Walla Walla. Spokaa*. Batts.
! H-Iena aad all paints la th« Northwest.
t Tbrou«a tickets to an cointx Cast.
I E. C WARD. General A^enl.
| ¦ 639 Market, st. [
eceani£SJ.co.sS
SS ZEalaXDIA (Hsoatara ezly)
"........... ¦Wedaesday. D«c«tab*r IS,.! p. n.
SS. AIAUEDA. fcr Hoaotsla. Sasusa. Xew
Zealand asil a U3tra.ll.* ~ — ......
W«l=«»«lay_ Jancary 2. 1301. J p. ra.
ES. AXTSTRA1IA. for Tahiti
.........Stx2.day. Ja=aarT 5, I ". -
1 5. S?SSX£LS 4 3323. £3., Scan] S?Jiti. 321 Erht St
Ski Piaanjar 53a. 5 ?3 Eirbt SL, Fer la. 7, rlrf: St
PANAMA R. R. S S
To HEW YORK Tla PANAMA Direct
S. S. ST. PAUL s>Hs DiceDbet 18,
S. S.. B3AS0K sails Smiqt,
Froia wharf, foo^cf Fremaat tt, at 1 p^ ta,
FrehtBt and carfeepw otfle*. 839 Market at. •
r. F. CON'NOH. Partffrt Coast Agest.
C027ASSI2 SS5I21IS T3JL531TLASTi;C3.
DIKECT LIXE TO HAVRE-PARIi
SaUte* every Tt:»Uy. Itujtead c:
Satariay. Iraa XoTeaiber 2. 133». at fm riT Jf
W ». o., fires* Pier 42 Notts ; Rtver. faot of
Usrtaa street. Firs* -cIim to Ha.rre. io3 aad
S n M pi Sccectl-claM to Ram. 143 99 isl up-
ward. GENERAL AGXNCT FOR OTCTEI>
STATES A-N*X> C^OCAX>A, 33 Broadway CHidJon
boildtar). New Tork. JT. S*. FCGAZI * CtX.
Patdflc Coaat A^*sta. 5 aicstssmery a-rnas,
£aa FnncLsca. ¦
The California Limited
The Santa Fe new anJ sumDtuous
¦
train, through to Chicago
in 75 hours, begins January i*t.
KOO»S TO LET— Twrn. ««d CmfMrn. :
r=u; t— 1«« cr fca*:«;tn,re:en Kcnca»"-^«tt>d-
COt^DT OATS. rs>i— t nxxa wtta baQi; tS.
fjzfi*: .a-~M' ;*rtsr; rwidJax-rcea; «ieT*t3r.
zi rs-^-F-s, x-v-a cic« «=x mafjm rac=. ¦— -
ai:» f :r cm or twx " "**"
LAi PAUiAS. 1*3 JUrfcet «.-&=••• cf 1 cr : «
m>-: jr.va.te; tali; |£& r=a.; board cities*!, i
—^:"-vis yiac*. IS — r-iraia&ea at>: Gs£crs2ai»£ I
r->: m# * 3 let ; ai^^ie or «a a^ite.
NA -f ""- ** «=i «H (Sew Tar* Escm)
-.-.'U «T. ecrrer Ertg*as— N«wty ?ui aiaietf
¦»• .s»- r-w r-jcn. tl 5>er week; trasaseirc.
rA.F-KEIi» !9 — Sasrr t-^rz^sh^O. rcorsa ao<J
-cat: «.CTttia~. e^^rig itgttta: day, wfc^ gio.
0>TABBZZ£k TC— Ersrj rrcrt tar-wi-iaw
:: fls. teeth, pjicct; CJ; flecfett roca. S3.
"S"£. "3~I?** =tl?::I1 '' ?srsl •»»>•« roocn £3 I
*•¦*-¦:«. «*=«;.*: acdere; gcta. llnlHillj, bati.
KOTaL B^se.ra EUis «t—i a= *aa-«=t UjM; j
•*• — -f-rscc «=c*i=r-roer= a=*i ladieT p**- :
..:r.-wcj=a, ser ciffit. Ec to K M: week. U t» I
: ¦ i=oat. S to Sii; elevator ca r«a<i 2ocr; 1
rjc— a T-.^h. hct ac-1 ee!d w«.ter; t»ti».
XOSEDALS E vis-. :;3 ir i n Ellis K.-P.3C=». !
r^tt t; tl. w<^5c R g - : >4 ; e-^.^ atyv*. s
tKi?.JtAS A^rjM-i H--use. -a Etyhtil «t- I
r-ar M«,rk»».— F--— -r c=;sr=l«t>«l.
i*i»^*tH, Ci— I^ars* ;n=: rocn. niceix fura- i
Tm - t "^: *fc«F'e r->TsiK, £S; e-i'.t»«. JIT to S3 raa. |
y*"TTSft, n>-T*ry <*ci-« 4-itte p»rlcr«, j
EITTEH. S43 — N';--ly ;-.a-r.i5hrf *re=rt roots;
TTP.K. It — N*t-:s;j .'.Ji-^i frs=t rxn Is prl- j
; it 00 -.1 - -v n'j uu4::d.
EIXECT fi=^y batct; i« i-t»r.:r; C&m •?*- i
<^L:ir.rr:> tt. |
BOOKS WAXTED.
TTTO ffsrtl*=:«. wart. (3 trsa* ef prfntt ,
ft-'f^T. 1 rcr=T •ursiahM «iui^c raota ;
maC I b*ir->-=«: wtiioct bc»ri; is loctti-sa ;
«Jsct« Vi- N»*» «.t*. «jr_± kaCwacn 3ro«-iw»y- :
t^-i S«cr»ir.»cto «t- : em4<ts :=:pr'j*'«s^e^t» :
r*^-j:n<. Ect CtS. C>a. |
SPECIAL NOTICES.
— . --,... !
BJINTA CTJifCTa ta r?rt it 3 O-rarr«L: it.. '
rcoc J; K. ANXMTESCN.
EAr- '.'Z±z'jt e',*z;ti *zr $4: eolleccccs aid*; :
? ¦ ¦¦- -r cco=.^-7. PaCTTIC OLLSCTION CO^. i
<: T i;--*.y-r- *r-r «r.. -vtc:» »-!¦:: tel. S3». j
fcEUUUi SIACniXES AXD SUPPLIES ;
;a^r-«i; cp*=. «-.e=_; ;e<;;» B^^it 113*. 4'Jl. .
t-^d '^Xar ;<?« i-'lj^rb«!g». l?xj Jfcaatatu cr. litft. .
A-L.L i:n.ii bii^iu »-'.ll. r»stei. . r«- I
r&:~-r-y la^-gg- rs.t»s: cyga €¦»»-. r-.xirth. j
-r :-T.-g: r*-z-zr*-i rs.z*t ;?' fti: : r^o-^ Hint 5. '
STORAGE ASD WAREHOUSES.
Vie a^ut Szzr^s* Co.. 73 Misjrtcn bs. ; |
TrPE-WKITEBS A5fD SCPPLIEJ.
GFXAT EAEGAIN's'ErTTTSVrSrSs^Wt !
*<¦„ better zmziz^a f:r ie«» !=ca«r tbi= tcy j
- i — "."ATS b*T?x^=s la ty?«'K-nter»: asy -*»*»
~ "--•* fcr pr.cei to I. * iL A1.EXANDEF,
DIAIDEXD SOTICES.
st.*. ccrs»r TS"<?!3b. Fcr ti« til! year -"*»m ?
W.zZl tix Tjez <e£ D»c«=i»r. WG, a dir*ie=.l baa j
be«s fieclare-I a£ ti« rat* p«r «•— ¦ — - c t three \
a»l Kx-te=ti» tJ «-T1) p«r cert en term de- j
"z-'.t'.ts ar4 tirte >T) per cast ca crttirarr <Se- '
jestta. rr«« e: taxes, j-s.ys£> C e. ari airer J
Zrrrrr>-r> Nrtle*— Ta* G-r^ia= Sariars a=i (
Ixas Society, C1 Ca_l^cr=ia. «rr*«. Fcr ti« •
tai: mr cr*^=« trtzh niiiM iliu Si. IXC-, a |
- i^^i bo* bees 4»cIsLr»d at tia rate w* j
'.tree acd c=«-Q-^arter iZ-+j p«r ce=.t c*r as- :
--=. c- an deyestta. free c* taz«a. f«rttle >
lz. 4" i aJtsr T. Jarsary i, 13>".'
' GO3P.GS TOURNT. &wr*arr.
a r:*:vi^Er«i> -.s. gaddatsaa cr 2 m cent 01 !
ail d«i*x:^» :u b>*e^ •i»--l*j»i tT Th* Califor- {
ma Sa'.-tr-ys tr..i Ijcar: Soctecr. cajabl- oa J
t?ter FT. iar. E'«-r«=it-w 1*. 139.', at ti« cTSc*
cf tie s-:-c;et7. Ulljf bciliirr. Si Cocr. roc^
R. CH>-~. I>. FAB.QTTHAESOJT. Secretary.
rrrzDHNT* nctxcs— DnniKU jra. ts ca cesu
r«?r «iine> cf the Estci.Jrsca £u«ar Plasta.- I
'-:: CcT-sary wi3 fc« rajaite a: th* c!2s« S
ef ti* encrpaiy. CT Market rt.. ea a=xl after j
Tt^rmt'MT. December S3. IXC Tra=af»r books
w~™ ccse <r= Friday. Peeeaiaer 14. Ui», at 3
¦: .licit p. =. E. H. SHKI.TJOy. seereXary.
£I£TES— EAEEIAgES— DEAIHa.
rth| =Lirr*-££< tri Cfitt =.cti:« «ct ty
- . . Bl9 =-:t b« tsatttcft. "They bm be handed
" it eitier d tie rutitcamc nt&x* aid b«
- ' rsed *U5 ti* rar« arul resiitice ef per*
« . z^ astienxed ts bsva tie aa=* jr^tli»ise<S.
EOSS^.
J :Z3S^rO"^r— T^ the wt*e cf E. C- U»b«=DW
r-?r=*r!y Faiti. E» K^iirr). a. «ca.
- — - I
HIED. j -
' BtoS. Fra=cis r. la^irsb. Jcka *
arm- t - Ciarle* H. itattiews. Ciari^a
"¦arj-, ESnrf li>5re. Sin. E. J.
Brs-wr^ Harra^ SL Nti,:!?, Sarai. J.
Code rT-frTj P-ailis. XTiiiiaa
Ti-Jlaa*. J«ra=i« A- Retw Helec
!>>ije, Oe^r»-Ji D. Roberta. Ar=a»S*
not, "WO^ars SaUsaa, Drioras
Gdca. 34arr SctrocH. Marth*
Or^ts. vrarm SctT«rz. RicharS C
Haller. Varte C. S*-rerU=c Kenry
rtgj^forg. Viy 3^ Sore^son. Je-n p. ,
Header. Dariel J. (Bool*. WVJiaci B.
Bam, fcATxi I* PtraJtl*. ilaxialera
K»Uy. iarwea Tocrsy. Jdia»
JEaOr. Jnta H. WalaS. Th.-Tnit II.
Kftr.3.. -•—_-'
5 4 T f V:^ C».V?a-i. I>e«r=ib»r IS. tSS}. Fas-
els J.. fc*IoT«d aca cf 3£r. a=<i Mrs. Frxsct»
J. Ea!!. a EaiiT* of Caii^axla. a*ed 24 yeara, I
J^FrifEia and. acc^a^^tances are re«j>ect-
fuUy :=.-r^te«i u aliec.il tfa« Isceral to-enarrow
' % 'Tua«--laj-). at 2 c'dsci. from Ills late rwi-
d^x«, CIS S*Te=.t«cst& etrert. tiesae t» St-
Francia i* Saies Ctsrch. Ir.ter=ies2 6*.
Itarr » Oe=5«terr-
. BSXUXGS — 1= Stockt^i State Escpttal.
PCtar.«« E. £X:=«x. beijred fc'^a&eral or Mary t
A- E'.ur=ars. afd faUier cf Cara. May. As^es |
aa£ Jcs.« E^l^rr*. a cjatiTe cf ilaise, ased i
*i yearv A ne=ber cf Grand Lo£ft cT A.
Ot C 'W. (Mais* p«tper» pl«a*e ccpy.>
ityXottae erf rusera.; terea^ter.
EP-A>*>*A*.'— la tt.^1 city/ t«ece=iber 1J. UCC. j
Ja=ies Bfw&rd. tel^red tea o< Sr» asd th«
Ut« rs-asaa Braxsan. aa.-i brother of Itocia* ,
B— Slary y. mat .-_—.*» A. Bra -.- j n. ilr*. J.
P. Ews^ey asi Err;tr.er Z«c-c-tn. a nati-re cj
Sts Frac«*». as*i M r-M-rs 7 Trc-rr» and t
ETTrlesiU a=d acrairtaii^s ar» ««peet-
faliy tsnted to attead ti« f=a«r*l to-niacrow
?Tssesdajr*. at * o'cioefc. flres ti» late reci-
" ifsee. tt3 N'isti. tTtaa, near Patat L<cl>c«.
tteace to Star d the Sea. Ctcrci wteye a re- I
' c^*=a *^t% zz*** •* ** «i«iraj*l fcr ti« I
re^oa* c?-tif eod at 1^3 c'claci. IiT«r=-eit
Hsiy Crc« CSetn-tery.
BROWS — 1= tii* city, I>«c=ier 13. 1300. Hu- j
-»»! at. Brown. E3flCi«rr cf SCrs. L«ara. J.
ParJC=. & cartve of JeSwscn, ile.. axed 81
j»ars 2 Ew«i» ard t day*.
C7Fri««l« aid ascs&istasces are respect- i
*sjly tsrtted to atteitl the faa«!TaI this day
<H-:-ila.y). at 13 o'clock, frees feer Iaxe rwi-
ie-ic*, fli CJustaaooca atreet. between Twea-
tf-ttirl ejui TweW-Jscrtii. Iztsrsest prl-
rate.
fOrm*rn tti» ctty. Deo-mier Je. 1*30; frfarrt
iiusite- o< Ttoc^J ari A=n:e Orce. a ca-
t:---« cf alpaca :«. «*wl 1 laecsi a=a U «ays.
DEULSO-Ia ttu ctrjr. De«=:b<r is. ixa,
2«rcc:* A. THT,? "-^. * BariT» cT itaaaacicaetti.
¦gad C r«ar» and « siocth*.
DOOCB ts. aT*"*-^*! DeeeisAcr IS. 1300.
6*-~- zia Ijwwey. Cauxtter rf E. J. mjsO. ElLsa-
t*ti a !>>!**. •*** J years « xaoii^a asd a
e*n 'fsecraraesta, 6aa Jos*. Ctlexf^ aai
fi2r-''-ri. Ccr^U P*P«?» Pi«*»« eoPT-J
C^Vcaeral tii» day OSocdiy). at 2 e*el»nc
I=ter=:eEt sttfrnxm.
FL^r^T-^1 t^a City. D«*e=t*-r X4. UOIV "STU-
Uaa Tim. * =*2i« cC 6c=SUsd. tr«d £1
jt^r^» «-7-T*r?i win take pt'a.re ta-esorrsw
•— v«iay) at 1^9 o'ci-oe*. ftoa tlr» jjariora
t-.^-.,^ Crrrtsa L«»n C«M«rT, fcr eiectnc
car Jr*= EUiti «a4 Earrtsoa itrecti « 2 I
. -: £. I
r.r- T.irv—T« ttl» dty. I>««iEl*er 11. I«0k, a£ary
CUje. a satire ctf Ir«ia.-w?. a*«d CS rears.
GniFFIX— Is C:H ctty. Deces&x 14. I3W,
: »Vt-~s. b«:cnred taa cf F. M. »=2 Marpret
Gztffis. asd bretier of IX. C F- and Lctie
Or*_:i^ a rsatir* cf Vaiiejo, CaL. axed »
rears 5 BiosslSM a&3 » iay*. <Valieja paj*er»
;.esuse cesr.) _ -j .
rTFreiis rr^ arc^sistances are r«f5«ct-
- r~::r isntefl to attf=i the tzoeral ttla day
¦M^itaj-J. at 1:55 o'ckwdL. rrca hi* lat« r«l-
ce=.ae. iMT RaaMiaatfe street. ti«ac« «**¦
«:cc Dolores Cfcursfc. wSct «¦ ad«saa r««iul«a
=*a wta l» ct^tsateJ tar tbe «pcee c£tia
K=iy Crcaa C*cstsr. _JL
HALLSTR— la tils city. December 14. UW5. I 1
at«rt« C KaEer, telexed zsotaer of Sirs. Ida i
CX Ptricer izs PuilfcM W. ud E. L>rus« >
Ea^«r. asd jrifid=cth«r ci Leca B. Parkec,
* aative cf wcrtesib-rr. Gerraaay. axed «3 «
yanjrs < mecths ud if days.
CTFri*=ct» acd aeisaictaacee are respect-
f=Ly ls-nted to attend tie fzatral this day
(Mcaday), u « o'clock, frocs her Utc rwt-
gkc*. 1S3 lArirj. etrset. Iaieraest print*.
H^^ r< ? ar> ~ 111 "¦*'»Ti. Cal.. December U. «
1*M. May Belle, beloved »U» of Wai»a T. ,
rtaTsfora, sx^sr ef Forrest. Zrosa. acd Aray .
t Kasforf. tai daufiter cf Mr;. P. J. Tall- *
CTTVieTid* aad actr=aiEtaace» are respect- j
rally iirnteti to tt>c; the fsaerai to-morrow
<-.'=e«<lay>. at 3 o'clock, from Ctiloc-«tre«-t | J
"¦••fcyterlaa. Ciarci, betwew ESrhts and <
Testa streets, Oailiad. <
EEAIuEY— la tiis city. t>ec*=it«r 14. ISM, Dan- } j
iei J-, dearly beiOTed husband of Oil* He*- t ,
ier ts-ee Hjrca.3j. dearly beloved fithtr c£ i ;
Rarsoad He&ley. beloved son cf Mrs. Jotta '
; Waiters. kzA beloved brother of D. J. H*a- ; '•
iey and Mrs. Nellie KeileSer. a native cf ! '
N«^r Tcrk. aged 31 years aad ( xacstis.
CT Fried* and aojaaiBtaocK* are mspecv- t ]
ftiUy invited to art«*i tin? fnmrral thi* &a.-r ]
'Mcaday>. ax t JXr o'clock, from hi* late r*«- : |
I One* 13$ T»estr-«i«£il» strwt. these* to St. } .
Pa^i'i Cfcsrci. w*xt% a. rwi«a fcish ir-iss <
wiH be cei*brmt*i fcr the reaos* <rf his cost | !
i cc.mr'Vfgciag at * o'clock. Interment Kaiy ; 3
; Cress Cemetery. •
( EERRON— la this city. Decair-ber I*. I30C. i '
Saraii L. Herrja. t<ioTed wtr* ct tie late .'
Ther-.«s W: Kerrcc. noti:»r cf T>xrsa» H. j '
j Herroo aad Mrs. yw^ Si!«pter. xad sister i 1
! o; He^rr as<3 llama B«a&y. a niiiv« cf ' <
I A£ii«wr«r. Ccrrcty Giiiriy. lrelaE<i. *swl C i 1
| ytxn. Qm Torii japers r**a*^ c«py-)
SyFrtetii ari acstialEUnces are r«*2*c'- ; '
tally tartted to artesd the fcs*ral ttla 4aj '¦ '
"'-..<¦ at s o'clock, from bar late ren- )
[ ieace, ?1T G;";l: street. tt«aee to £acrw<I i
I Keajn Ctarci. a r«iule:n b-x^ ma» '
i w.U be cs!etrar*<l for tie wpo*e of her wxii. ; I
! cc=.eact=y at ?-J0 o'clock. at>re*Bt Stooat ; 1
| CalTarj Onneterj-. j J
' K.2M-LT— 1= tils city, 3>^eT=NrT 15, UCO, James '• <
Kelir. * aatx-re ct Ireland, ared So years- I (
CTTr-jKisia a=«S iora;2ti3c«3 *r» respect- I -
t=Uy isrued to attecd tie faaeri: ttts <iaj i j
: attache-i to Bt Mirj's Eisjital. wt«re a sot- I _
'¦ *iaa reqetetn niasa wtll be reietrate-i for the ( ;
r»tc»e of his »oai, cn-£C2ieEjn^* *t 4 o'clock. \ ¦
I Zsterseat Hoiy Ctoes OsjMOf7 a by 8fc*l • "
o'ctoci tra'.a Trca IfeM as»l Tciriseaii ,
' Btztctk, { <
• l^rr.T.T '^ *iis d*T rV'.'^i^-L^p 13 13CC J ' "i - t
He^ry K»D>. bei-.ved baat*n<I of Peirl A. J ;
! K«—y. Iath«r of Hin»r«. Bruce. Irving ani , .
rrS Keny. ar.-i tawrni e( P.cs« L K-::y aad ; ;
i ilrs. M. TbOtapBft i native cr Sa.i Frani-'isco. i
af»<l *J T^trs aai a ircsths. iSar. Jus< and • '
Eaa Lji1» Ofctsp<3 payeTs copy.) >•
CTFT-.en<is a=<i aoraaintiEeea are re»pegt- I ¦
i fu--lx i=Ttted ta attend tSi fiaeril this day i
<SS:-nda.yi. at 13:33 a'cloc*. from tie fu=er»J j |
parlor* of Osarii** H. Jacsb 4 Ox. C3 Has«xi I
•trw. brtweea O rarr*il iad Gearr street*, j
I=.t*r=ieni at S*2 Luis ObUpo. Cai.
¦ ¦ EXaCTA— <3 thi* <StT. 3>weniber 13. 130C. Mix- I
g-'.e Ktm. beloved d*.u«h.ter cf Patrlci and i
tie :i:< A-r t. >;»r=a. i=i sister of SC«BM I
! azi 3ia=i» X«i=i. Mrs. A=il« Moore aai
; Jzts. azi WiUiis Seanx i csttrt d Saa
: Franclsoo. aye<l :« ri?ars T months and * days.
C7'Fr-.en<i« n^i iCTjoalatances are r^spect-
T"illy liTtted ta a.tt*s<l tie faaerai w-SKrroir
(Tue«£a.jK tt I J9 o'cioc*. frcta tie paricrs ;
' cf On Oral? A Cochraa «?ca:?&sy. th«ac« ta ;
: St. Patrick" » Cicrcls. wh*r* a r*;^l-?3 eslw i
¦Br;:i be ceiebraterl for tie rwese cf ier scnl j
! at i a" dock. Interment Eoiy Croes C«c»- j
tery.
> L:nT>RO3— Is. OSm city. ZD-c«=b«r 15. 13C?. Jots. !
Li=dr=t). tusbaai cf Harti Usdrjb. aad f
fatie-r ct Maria. La-rrec:*, Sarai. Lucy aad I
Li=£sou3. Ljncircfc. a native cf Gerrrary. a^— 1 j
-J rear* ; nantis a=d S iays. A detnber- of I
I^riacls. Poet Xo. J. G. A. R.
' TO ti« Ccnir%dea cf Lrtccls Poet Xi L G. A. f
, R. : Cbcrrai« cf Llncoin Post will is*wible i
: in ¦csifcrsi at Foet Hall, in Etliy street, i
to-=3orr^» tTBe*l»y>. at 1 o' clack, ts attend. [
¦ til* funeral «emce« of CStrr ra.de j'^fcn T j— - i
<ircix B. W. CAEPE3TTER.
P^*st CcatSAsd»r
I SfATTOEWS— la tl^s city. December 1J. 13C0. I
! Ciaries. beio*r«.I husta=ii of Teresa, italtie--*^.
i 6eicT«i rather cf Ltara an.i Hi- : MJ».:th*Tr». !
; sea cf S*asu*i I>. iliitie-v*. an*i brctier cf I
Artier W.. vnilian aid May ilartiews and
I Mrs. J. E£$s=« Fiwrii, a ra.UT» c< G-ielpo,
i d=*£a. •
ETFV.Klfj are reSTertfsllT Litttrf to at- I
i t«=<J tie fsaeral tii* day <3t3cuiaj-}. at S J3 j
I o'cljck. from hi* lata resiiesoe. 3SS £aji Joae j
I aTesse. ttenc* U St. Janes CStszdk corn«- |
; ct TT^sty-citrl aad Gzemro streets, wiere |
i a re-^ttlrsi r.:rh niaas will b« sat4 for tie re-
i pc«e -cf fcls uaal at S o'clock. Interment Holy
CV«* C^sretery. fcy carnage.
GTTICKFJ; «--1 dsabers cf Xce Vgiler I>:«lg«
No. 1S3. X O. U. W.: Toa are Hifmtrf |
j tj attest th« fcs*nl cf ocr lite brcth--, |
Charles F. Hattisir?. fr-rrs his law r»sii*sce. j
S>« En Jr«e iTK-.-«, this day (Kociay), at j
• JO o'clock. T. AHESN. Master WocifT-ar.
J. C c'COTT. Recorfer.
• iI0O?.E— Is AliDe-ia. Dece=b*r IS. I3CG. ilrs. t
FIT ¦' IT 1 J- Mocre. naCttr of Ur*. C. L. I
Lar-riey. Mrs. G. W. Fitch and H. B.. Gee-rye j
i Jr. and Eirry T- Moore, a litci-re of Brock- i
lys. >«. T.. a*e<l €4 years 4 occtia aad :t |
CT Notice ef fsaeraJ hereafter.
¦ jrETBSTfA^."— 1= tiia eitjr. Decersier ' tX 1300.
Sarai J. Ntwzu. wtf« <rf tie late Carltca
• Nevsca, and cssc&er of 5(r». Ja=«a H. Da-
rts. Mrs. Gecrs* Pfttmez; Mrs. Fbffig c. Tel- r
ley aid Gecrr* H. Newrsas. a =Atire of Saw. '
3fe.. cs«S O years- (Pittatnrn; papers pt'saae ;
i eopy)
C7"Ti* fj.3eril will take jlaee ta-csorro-w j
CT^e*iay>. at U a'ciocX froca ier late real- [
'¦ iecca. 1134 F*a street.
RAELLS— Is. this city. Ete-^SEber 14. I>M. OT-
i'»n p«H»n beloved iusbar i of L&rinl*
Rabaii. a natiTe of Cornwall. Eaglami. aye>l
i tt years T cicctis and f days-
C7"Fr.esd3 and a«rsal=taice» are respect- •
fcUT isvite-d ta attend the fuaeral tiis daj I
l3i^nda-r). at 1JQ o'clock, from tie realieace I
cf -William F. Hici-Il. 3S decery strm*s, aeau: \
Thirtieth, ticac* fcT eiectric taseral car ta i
2<3c=t OiSr« Cetaetenr.
! REGAN— 1= tils city. I>cirab*r It I3C0. H»Iea. i
j d«s*rir beloved wife cf Jeretciai H. Ri^aJi. ;
beloved of P?t«- an<i Hiry G«?T"ey. f
aad sister trf Mrs- 'Wllliain, H. Holland, itrs. |
Ribert Gract &ni Peter Jr. asd Tbooae Gaff- i
n«y. a native cf Weetawtea, N. J-. a*M Zv \
years *^<'- 3 inocxia.
E7P«- -.^'mt at residence. 133. XTaloti street. (
, rear La«;i=a- Federal notice hereafter-
ROBERTS— 1= tils dty. Deceaiber IS. I3C0. f
! A=iaciA Ro-fc-rrts, t-«5<>»*d sister cf Mary E. t
Bcwiar cf Ssockton. CaL. a native of Stock- J
tan. Cal-. ayed 38 years a mocths aad 1 days. :
EALIXAS— la. OsJtia=d. Deeetafier 14, 1300. Do- j
¦-.-«« Salinas taotier ot Mrs. S. CiUebotta. ¦
aad rrasjisioti*? of Mrs. I. I*. Sasisei a=d ;
lira. H- P. Dieti. a catlTe of 31<ilcov ased
a years.
«=CKRCrTH— la tiis cirr. Harcha, be!«nred wife :
' c* Ctarl«s ScirotX and iacta«r of ilrs. J. C {
B. HeStard. Mrs. Byrca Ma=ry. ilrs. Her- ;
cm Yccr^r a=d Jcta F-. WUllara. J.. Alice. !
FI-re=ce aad Ctaries A- Sctrcti. a cative cf !
Ij;=4on. Er-Jriand. aied C years
CTFuaerai service* w!2 be held tils day ¦,
n*c=day>. at I o'clock, at ber late residacce. |
1W» Geary street- Iatenasci pnTats.
SCHWAEZ-Ia tiis city. December 13. 1*». i
Biciard C. B- Sciiwarz. belowed husborui of •
ICBZtlC Ecawarz. asd troOier cf Hubert T. t
<v:*wars» a aat:v» ct Stettin. Gensaay, afed i
54 years. A tsesiber cf GoM-rn Oast Lodr« •
wJ j3 y f-<f a. M-r Golden Gate lodca Xo. i
20*. I * O. O. T.. and Ortectal Enca=.j=.e=t i
2i9. SZ. L O. O. T.
ETNetic* of ria«ral tereaftw. R*=a!=s at i
tie rarisrs of T&eo. EHerks. V.7 HUaioa »tre«. !
£ET«"E^«'INO— la Alairteda. December 15. I3®>. ]
HeJiry Serecfcr. belc-red father of Mrs. ;
Pr-j-ir jaiuer Jdrs- Franx Cclliacaca aad Miss -
Al=a Eeve-irjr. a aatire cf Gertaaay, ajed I
K )-ears i cscsihs aad T days.
CTTriewls ar.<l acciialatasces are respect-
••-Hy tcvlttd ta attend tie fcajerai this day 1
• Mcadayj. at 1 c'cljck. frcm the Masonic .
Twee '.e, Alarseda. Iater=es.t Jlocctalc View j
Cenetery.
SORENSON— la ti# Gty a=4 Orosty Hssjital. !
Dece3ib«?r Mi. 13*». Jess P. Sorecaoe. a native |
of I>ssrs*rk. aced ?> years.
SOCLE— la tils city. Decetaber 15,/pA TO- |
I'aTi B.. bel0T«4 hsibaod of L«a. "Socle-, and i
fatier of Harold Socle, ared 47 years < j
taocth* asd " days.
C75*ri«i<ls anil acj'aaiataaces are re«r*ct- |
i fsiiy tevaeti to attend tie faaeral serricea I
to-corrow »Tu*sday>. at tbe cia^el at Cy- i
pres« Laws Cetastery. Traia leaves Third |
aad Toirasead streets at U^3 o'ciocJc
ETP-AKLB- la this dty. T>econiber IS. 15*». I
iLax-iaieiia Stratle. beloved sister e* Jacob I
Etraiie ard the lat* Mrs. CSxoiiae Gilbert, a ;
cattre ef G^r=aay, aje-i a years.
ICTTrtesd* a^d xr<{'-iai=txr!.css are re»p>Kt-
fdiy r=viieti ta BttCBd tie funeral tr>-=.3rro-sr
i1»- < sda'»'). at 2 u'clcc*- from the jjaricm of
K. F s£ir * Co.. 113T Mission street, between
S«ver.ti acd Eixita. Iatem«it Laurel HIU I
Oss*tery.
TOCRNT— la tils dty. DecetaSer 14. 13OJ. Js- r
Itas. fc\isi)asd of Helea M. Touray. fatier c< j
Geocr- Toorsy. Mrs. M. Le-. Mrs- W. J.
Wattes Urs. H. White a=d He>a and J. I
EicixeU Toursy. a satire cf Stattjirt, War- j
temberr. Gennaxy.
CTFr-.tads are resipectfalty tarited ta at-
tead tS* fxss«al «enrice» thia day * M jc-layi. \
at I'^a o'cloclt. at Old FWIows* Hall, cutiai |
Jtirtet asd Sevecth. streets, ¦ender the ass- ;
r'c** of Saa Fnaeisea Lcdy« No. 3. L O. |
q f Iatertcest OH Fellows" Cemetery.
WALSH— la tiis dty. Dece-xber 14. 1'iQCl. j
i-fcy-^-»« M- TVaish- t«l<?v»<I haaSaa-l ef JIary I
•VVal-h. fatier cf Thomas Walsh. Mrs- i. Har- f
ley Ncra aa«S Jcta. Walsh aad 3Ir*- K. Petty, j
aad B2.de cf Miss 5iel>ririott. a natlTe cf
Coc=ty Ccrx. # Ireland. ac*d 2J years asd 4
iscntis.
r7fr!»2i5s %xA actjrialatajseea and m*sxb^rs
Of tie Partis Coast Marine FlTtzxn^t'r Caloc
are resp-ctftilly laTittd U attend the faaeral
thia day (Mo=day>. at 5:39 o'cUkK from \
tis late reside==e. C2 Natsraa. street, betweea
«*vecti and E3L«atn. tlsence ta £^ Joseph's
C^-srcX where services win be heid- at 14
o'clock. Istgnagst Hoty Croes Oaetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
tScecesscr tx» FTi-mrsn & Ciallaciiec*
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*r.
JTNER-<L DIKECTOR3 AND E1IBAIJCER3.
ar-tft St.. eppesit* LUxaoia Scaoot
I ..-•..-, Telepfcoa* Sosta I*. ?
| UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
n aad S Fiftl* st. Tet Scctb IK.
IT5XSAL BIMCTOaS A»3 IJQAtJrX2?.
Finest Egqipiaegt at Mogerare Bate*.
flloAVOY «fc CiO-
I-C2fERAX. DZKECTOBS Jk. EMBAXJTESS.
<»r« Hartst «t. t*tw»«n Jta asd StX ,
Telgbac* Socta. Sit .
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF
THE MERCHANTS'
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF XETITARK. IX THE STATE OF XETV
Jersey, oa the Strt day of D«c»cih«r. A. D.
I 13CO. and for tb« year ending on that day. as
I made to »?¦¦» Insurance Ccrnmiygtoner of. tise (
! State cf California, pcrscant to tae provisions
[ of escttens «3 aad «!1 of tae PoUUcai Code,
| c«Kl«u*d as r»r 6iani furaljhed by Ui« Cota-
', — CAPITAL.
i Amotist cf Carttal Stock. paH up In -
Caaa J 4»,ffl» M |
ASSETS.' ' " 1 ~ ¦
R*«! Estate cwc«4 by Ctcnssjiy t 1TL«3 s«
Loans ca Bcnia and Mirtraff« 3T5.15(J 8tt
Cash Market Vain* of all Stocks and
Bends oiwped fcy Company- T3S.SCM OC
, Amount of Leans seecrwi ty cle<ise
[ of Bonds, StoeSa and ctaer niar-
! keiable s«cnria<?s as collateral IIJTCO OJ
! Cash la Ccrcpesy's Office a.CS IS
! Caaa la Banks 42,TTJ S2
Interest due and aecraed . on all
Stocks and Leans 1.34* IS
Interest dne and accrued on Bonds
aad Mcrtyases S.C9 12
j Pr-tmircrns La do« course cf collection 1SS.+43 3i?
i Rents da« and accrued - 333 O
} Due from cth«r Ccmpacies for Re-ta-
[ israac- oa lcss«a already paid .. tSZ 74
{ Total Assets SU3S.42SSJ
LIABILmES. — — ~
Lease* adjusted and cspolti — S 4LGM 43
Losses tn process of Adjustment, or
tn Scsp-n** .« .— «S.S3» 33
Losses- resisted. Including- espesjs«».. S.CT4 M
Gnes rrerararns ca Fire RisScs m-
tiar cae y«ar or less, isn.lli 68 ;
re-tesnrane* 30 per c«Bt , 33,157 8t
Cross nHinlCBis oa Fire Risks ren-
der mer* than one year, $735,338 H;
re-tassrance pro rata .-: .... 338.7-43 52).
All otter demands against Ccmcaay S1.3U C-i ;
Total Liabilities $ K3.42* U |
CCCDHE. ' • . — — —
Ket easi acttMlly r-o^ved- far Flr»
prenrfesas I £7 r 2D} SS
Received for Interest oa Bonds and
Mortgages U,TW2
Rec«i-*-*<l Tor- Interest ' and divid-nds ;
oa Bonds. Stccks. T<na.n.% and frcra ;
all ether source* . .„.. 3f?.31O CO !
Received far Raats- T.l» U I
Received from all ether ecurces 11.SS «2
Total Income ¦ C0Q4.IG* 4« \
E-VKKXDlTtJRES. "~~ I
Xet aaccat C«Id far Fire Leases (ta- ' j
ctodia*- nss.10 n. losses of pre-
vtooa years> . .............. .J Ml. CS £3 t
Dtvt<i«nii» t» £tocithald#rs - -W.CCO GO
Paid cr allo-sred for CorriTrrtTstoa or
Brskcrv* -- —.. K3.C31 n
Paid for SalaHw*. F««s aad ether
charges for officer*, clerks, etc 171.2-tt IT
Fit'I fcr State. National and Local
taxes .. : - J7JC 23
All ether payments aad expenditure* !7,5C J3
Tctal Exp«adlt5ire« ...'.... ... ..:'... ..tl.HX.rrt a
Leases lacmied *rrt=s ta« year J *T».J3S »5
Risks and Preaafanns. I TZn Risks.! Preesianss.
Xct jtmocnt cf Rlsksf '
wTtttea «Tnring . tie? . .
r«*r :.... } jn.uuK n.ic,3s;:t
! Xct imfianf of Risks: , ,
i exptred dnri=« tae+ :
year .... — ...f 113.323.554 LCXSTJ K.
Xct ir«»"f ls force!
i>«mfc«r n. iKO t lOvCs.ot Lca.ra »
G. LEE STOCT. Ptml
- TW H. ¦ GXTE31HIX. Sec
Eabaerlbed and i»um to before me, tsla JOta
day, of January, lX'C. -~ vwRin ittiwi<iW|a|
• - R. S. ETSADiTAJf.
Xotary PuaHc
PACIFIC "DEPARTMENT.
420 CALIHORNIA ST RB5T
- SAX FRAXCISCO.
I WEL1HB 0. WAYM15, Miaa^er.
|C\W. leSEAlt. Gooil l^ent .
EAILBOAD TBAVEL.
.* "¦¦¦¦¦
IF YOU TAKE . 8
THE BURLINGTON i
you need cot make a sicgle change cf cars frcss ??*>» * S
tizse you leave Oakland Pier nzril yet: are Ta^^ safe, §
scuad, and en tirn.e, in- the Uaksi Passenger Sajjos ia y
Chicago. a
A2 deals served ia dfnirg cars. Lcx^riocs library t]
cars,. Denver to Chicago. Finest scenery en earth- if.
Through sleeper leaves Saa. Francisco daily at &oo B
p^ rx Berths acd tickets at t|
631 Market Strut, San Francisco. 1
W. D. SANBORX, GexraJ X$aL |PORTRAITS OF DECEASED EX-SCHOOL TEACHER AND HER SISTER. THE LATTER ARRIVED IN THIS
CITY YESTERDAY AND WILL. ENDEAVOR TO SECURE THE ESTATE. THAT IS VALUED AT MORE
THAN THIRTY THOUSAND DOLLARS, INCLUDING CASH AND VALUABLE REAL ESTATE.
Knives Used in Barroom Fights.
The physicians at the Emergency Hos
pital were kept busy for a time early yes
terday morning 1 sewing up knifa wounds,
though none - of the cuts were very , eerl
oua. Dulel FUwlmmons, a longshore*
The Name of Evans' on a Bottle
cl'3'.e cr *tout stands for evfrythlnp that Is
beet In brewing: or - bottling:. All dealers. •
Woman Pioneer Passes Away.
The funeral -of Mrs. Martha Schroth,
who died Friday night, will take • place
from the family residence, . 1005 Geary
street, this afternoon at 2 o'clock. * Mrs.
Schroth was a highly respected woman, a
loving and devoted wife and .mother, and
her death is deeply deployed by - all who
knew her. She was the mother of twelve
children, eight of whom are still living.
She was the wife of Charles Schroth, a
retired merchant, who was a veteran of
the Mexican war and who had been a resi
dent of California since 1848. One of Mrs.
Schroth's daughters is the wife of Su
perior Judge Hebbard. v
Chin*se I» Sobbed.
Que Hie, a Chinese laundryman, caused
the arrest by Officers Hemenez, McEntee
and Mitchell last nlgrht of Bmil Hatchette
and Edward Dupois on . charges of : bat
tery, and robbery. He says he was held
up and relieved of J8 on Saturday night.
He stated, to the police that he would be
able to identify his : alleged ¦ assailants.
Xmas News Letter.
The record of record numbers.
104 pages of surpassing picture 'and print.
Famous artists have painted special can
vases. r:-Vy"- , ¦ :¦'&?•'&.
These have been magnificently repro
duced.
San Francisco has received many gifts.
Some from millionaires; some from oth
ers. ....
48 of them are exquisitely reproduced.
Find out what your townsmen have done
for you and the city.
Only 45 pages of illustration.
But the best of modern art.
Only three stories, but the best.
One Is by W. C. Morrow.
Another Is by Carroll Carrlngton.
Morrow can write; ditto Carrington.
There is a ringing poem bylrwin. /
Wallace Irwin writes what Is read.*" ' *
The dramatic article Is by Stevens.
ABhton Stevens knows his subject.
By prominent Californians 22 articles. .
Every one is authoritative.
Willis Polk on architecture.
Frank statements and his own drawings.
Joaquln Miller contributes an essay.
It is blended prose and poetry.
It is the best cf Miller in years. 7"'.":
These are only a few features. .
Ordfr copies now; send 'em to friends.
25 cents — quarter-dollar— the price.'
At every news stand to-morrow.
Also boys shouting In the streets.
Sec this and forget Christmas cards.
The record of record numbers.
man living at 600A Third street,- had a
cut on the lip sewed up at 1 o'clock. The
¦wound was received in a saloon fight at
Fourth and Bryant streets. At 1:30 o'clock
James Miller of 19 Harriet street was
brought in with a cut under his left eye.
A young man named Charles McKay in
flicted- the wound In a saloon tight at
Eighth and Folsom streets. Edward
Buckley of 148 Silver street came In at 3
o'clock with two wounds on his lip and
one under the right eye. He claimed that
he did not know who the man was who
used the knife on Mm.
Theresa Fair's Estate.
Theresa Alice Oelrichs nnd Virginia |
Vandcrbllt, as trustees of the estate 01
the late Theresa Fair, filed their fifth an
nual account Saturday. It covers the
period beginning March 15, 1599, and end
ing Maren 2. 1900. The recapitulation
shows, expenditures amounting: to 578,
162 £6. The balance of the estate Is in
vested as follows: Cash in Nevada Bank,
SS18 48: cash in American Exchange Bank,
New York $2187 66; cash on hand. $675 35;
New York draft, $3500; money advanced
to Mr. Oalrlche3. }«2200: money advanced
to Mrs. H. Oelrichs, $251,224 i2, money ad
vanced to "Mrs- Vanderbilt, $39,666 50. A
not" for* $30,000 was given to the American
Exchange Bank, leaving a balance of
$270,272 41 invested as stated. •' / r -, :
W. C. Healy of Folsom and Twelfth
streets is charged with burglary as the
result of his desire to make sure of his
Christmas' dinner. Healy clirrbed into the
chicken yard of F. Frerichs of 1630 Filsom
street and appropriated . three turkeys. As
he was climbing out again with his booty
Pollceman Reardon arrested him and took
him to the Seventeenth-street station.
Turkeys Cause Downfall.
AGED TEAMSTER'S
STRANGE MISHAP
Robert R. Wilson Either
Falls orls 1 hrownDowc
a Flight of Stairs.
Robert R. Wilson, an elderly teamster
living at 546 Sixth street, was foiind lying
at the foot of the -stairs leading to his
room last night.,
The inmates of the house toid contradic
tory stories regarding the way he re
ceived his injuries. Some said that Wil
son while Intoxicated fell down the stairs,
and others that there was trouble in the
house and that Wilson was pushed down.
A nephew of Wilson by the name of
John fctevenson of 20 Zoe street accom
panied him to the Receiving Hospital.
His actions were such that Lieutenant
Mooney decided to hold him until an in
vestigation might be held.
Wllaon's injuries consisted of a num
ber of abrasions about the head and face,
with a possible fracture of- the skull. He
was treated " by Drs. Bauer and Robinson.
A young man giving his name as John
Skehan .was arrested on Twenty-seventh
avenue, last night and charged at the
Southern Station with burglary. Mrs.
Lambia of 1004 Thirteenth, avenue is the
complainant, her loss being two gold
watches. Skehan confesses his guilt and
said he had sold the watches 'to a pawn
broker. . «
Jewelry Thief Arrested.
New Rule for Stamping Leases.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
has revoked the rule heretofore observed
in the matter of stamping leases, as the
following letter "received yesterday by
Collector Lynch, from the department will
show:
Keplying to your letter of the 23d tilt., you
are advised that when leases are issued In du
plicate and each lease Is operative as an orig
inal each lease should be stamped. If, how
ever,' one of the leases is Indorsed "duplicate"
or "copy original duly stamped" and the other
lease Is indorsed "orlslnal." and is duly
stamped, but one taxation will accrue.
Before the receipt of this ruling the In
ternal Revenue Office has been bound by
the former ruling that all duplicates of
leases must be stamped.
MILLINEES CONSIDER
EMPLOYES' DEMANDS
Agreement Drafted Which Will Be
Circulated Among Proprietors
for Their Signatures.
E!x proprietors of millineries " met at
Tied Men's Hall yesterday afternoon in re
sponse to the invitation of the employes,
xvho are trying to secure a shorter work
day. After some discussion the following
agreement, which will be circulated for
Fijrnatures, was drafted:
We. tie undersigned milliner's, atrree to close
at t o'clock pvpry evening, except Saturday.
the *ver.!neE preceding the l»Ral holidays, dur
ing tte months if April. Mar, October and
Ncvcmbpr, an<l two weeks lofore Christmas.
Mrs. Lucy Morgan, £530 Mission street;
N. Cok^n. 1411 Stockton street, and Mrs.
M. A. Hopkins. 114 Si^th street, were ap-
TvMnted a rommlttee to circulate the
agrefmf-nt for hipnatures. A farge nura-
Wt of the milliners have expressed their
¦willingness to Figii surh an agreement.
Miss AbJiie Collins. Mrs. S. E. Hall and
A- Hayes were a.t the meeting to
represent the employes. The employers
present were Mrs. M. A. Hopkins, Mm.
Gerkins, Mrs. .Lucy Morgan.. N. Cohen.
C. K^wraan and Lewkowltz.
Tom Gibson he absolutely denied that he
was married to her." .
Late last night McDonald was found
in a saloon on Fourth street... He spoke
freely.
"Miss Campbell and I were very dear
friends for years— In fact, I was engaged
to the . little woman in 1S75." ho said.
"Since I met with the accident about two
years ago I had spent all of my time
nursing Cornelia. She often said to me
that she wanted to make a will and leave
me everything, but 1- would not hear of
it. But I do intend to secure that piece
of property on Harrison street, which I
paid for with my own money. Years ago,
when I was rich. I was her best friend.
1 used my Influence to get her the posi
tion of school teacher and did a great
deal more for her than ever her folks did.
Yes, she gave me $2000 a few days ago to
pay my debts with, and if you care to go
down to the bank you will see that every
thing was done in a regular way."
Yesterday Captain of Detectives Sey
mour .ordered Detective . Graham to in
vestigate the case. No steps will be taken
until the German Savings Bank opens to
day. - Dr. Charles H. Chaesley had been
the physician of the deceased for twenty
h've years and yesterday he signed a certi
ficate giving heart disease as the cause
ot death. „
$2000, "to put him out of debt." This ac
tion is viewed'very skeptically by the de
ceased's relatives and to-day one of the
first steps they will take will be to ascer
tain if Miss Campbell did really sign an
order for that amount. Among other
items of her estate, of which the Public
Administrator has charge at present, is
cash to the amount of $17,000, in the San
Francisco Savings Union.
Mrs. W. S. Jess made the following
statement last night, which was corrob
orated by George and Ii. F. Campbell,
who were present at the time:
"Miss Campbell was 59 years old, and
she, like any other woman who has
money and becomes sick, was imposed
upon. I do not believe that she gave Mc-
Donald that $2000 when she was in her
right mind, because she was of a very,
thrifty disposition. She has not been on
good terms with the rest of the family
for several years and I think McDonald
had some Influence over her and persuad
ed her not to visit Santa Cruz, where she
hag a comfortable home of her own. My
sister worked as a teacher for thirty
years and recelve/i $80 aTnonth, and of
that she spent very little. She was also
very fortunate in several investments, i
do not know if McDonald and my sister
were married, but when I met him this
afternoon in the presence of Detective
French Vice Consul Partly
Conscious but Stoic
ally Silent.
Paul Antoine, the French Vice Consul,
lies at the French Hospital in a dazed
sort of consciousness, nis splendid phy
sique and constitution battling against
the wound that would have proved fatal
ere this in the case of the average man.
He was apparently brighter and stronger
yesterday and the physicians in attend
ance say that his recovery is possible.
Bat when they consider the-nature of the
wound and how the mallet must have
plowed through the brain tissue they
shake their heads and their faces soften
with pity for the handsome man of bright
promise who is so near unto death.
Now that the police consider it demon
strated that Antoine himself fired the
shot Into his temple, they have dropped
the Investigation, and Mrs. Antoine, or
Belle Chappelle, the woman whose
charms proved Antolne's undoing and
whose mad jealousy and taunts drove him
to the attempt upon his own life, has re
turned to her kind in the tenderloin and
is no lonper under surveillance. She i«
at her rooms at 3G8 Geary street, where
her sister and Cirilio Elorduy also stay.
Klorduy has a record even more familiar
to the police than that of the Chappelle
sisters. It was he ¦who last spring got
much notoriety through impersonating
Count Artsimovich, the Russian Consul
General, and writing notes over his sig
nature on Bohemian Club paper to Miss
Josle Davis of the. Tlvoll chorus. Once
before he impersonated the son of a high
dignitary of Mexico and was wined and
dined by visitors from Mexico. Elorduy
has been an associate of the Chappelle
sisters during their tenderloin career,
both before and after the beginning of the
intrigue that in the end has sent- Antoine
in ruin and disgrace to what will prob
ably be his deathbed. At 358 Geary street
It Is asserted that Elorduy do»s not live
there, but that letters or other communi
cations addressed there reach him.
Mrs. Antoine has not been allowed to
see the wounded Vice Consul «lnce he waa
taken to the French Hospital:
fortable home in Santa Cruz, she* pre
ferred to live for the last fifteen years in
the small rooms on Fourth street. She
had not been on friendly terms with her
relatives for several years and the broth
ers and sisters claim that McDonald is
the cause of the estrangement. They
claim that he held a seemingly hypnotic
influence over Miss Campben, which be
lief he sustained last night by saying
that he "could have got all her property
had he wanted to, and ' cared to act
mean."
The body of Miss Campbell is at present
at the parlors of Martin, the undertaker,
where it v.-as brought from the Morgue. It
will be embalmed after the autopsy and
will theti be. taken to S^nta Cruz and in
terred in the Campbell family plot.
McDonald, who was formerly employed
in a lumber mill, met with a severe acci
dent about two years ago. when he was
run down by a Southern Pacific
train. At • that time he received
injuries to his liead from which
he claims he has never recovered.
Since that time he has acted as nurse to
Miss Campbell in her illness and has oc
cupied a lounge in her suite of rooms,
so that he could attend to her every wish
at night. A day or so before she died,
she gave him, so McDonald claims, an or
der on the German Savings Bank for
PAUL ANTONE
STILL LIVING
Daughters of St. Gheorge Install.
The following named have been duly In
stalled as the officers of Britannia Lodge
of the Daughters of St. George for the
ensuing term, the Installing officer belnz
Mrs. A. E. Creba, D. D. W. G. P.. assist
ed by Mrs. S. E. Johnson, worthy grani
conductor: Mrs A. Price, president; Mrs.
R. Hewitt, vice president: Mrs. Helen
Williams, financial secretary; Mrs. F.
Norrington, chaplain: Mrs. Ruth Mea
dows, recording secretary: Mrs. E. Mc-
Menomy, treasurer; Mrs. B. Goss, first,
and Mrs. Nellie Stickney, second conduc
tor;'Mrs. J." Putney, inner, and Mrs. M.
A. Corder. outside guard; Mrs. S. Clack,
past president. The retiring past presi
dent, Mrs. x-hebe A. Williams, was pra
scnted by the lodge with a handsome goi>i
emblematic badge, together- with a flat
tering address.
Beautiful Display on View in the
Central Nave of the Ferry
TUXAEE COUNTY SHOW
ITS CITRUS FRUITS
Depot Building.
Passengers who paj=p through the nave
of the, ferry depot building are impressed
by the beautiful exhibit of the products
of Tulare County, wMch has been placed
on view within the past few (Jays. Tulare
County Is rapidly coming to the front In
producing < Urus fruits, and the exhibit at
the ferry depot is most creditable to the
jremlemen who have arranged it. The dis
play consists of oranres. tanparines lem
ons, pomelos and Washington navels
•worked into differnt designs, the whole
taking: the form of a centrifugal pump
seventeen feet in height, supported on a
table
The display was originally designed for
the San Joaquin Citrus Fair, held at Tu
lare November IS to December 2. and took
iirst and Fecor.d prizes over all competi
tors for the- best display of citrus fruits
at the fair. Thp entire exhibit is trimraod
with ivy and presents a most beautiful
appearance, mrre than 13.000 oranges,
li-mon^ etc.. being used !n its construc
tion. The de>!_n was by Charles J. Carle
• if Lindsay and was worked out by Mrs.
W. T. Simms :tid S. A. Baggs and wife
The public spirit of some of Tulare's
prominent <-itiz«-np an<3 the co-operation of
• ihe State Bo::r.l of Trade and the Harbor
* "ommisKioners mafle it possible for the
display to be made in this city.
INDICATIONS point to a legal battle
for the possession of the property,
estimated. to be worth $30,000, left by
the late Miss Cornelia E. Campbell.
the aged schoolteacher who died sud
denly of heart failure in an obscure lodg
ing-house at 179 Fourth street last Satur
day afternoon.
On one side are the Relatives of the de
ceased woman, who are Mrs. W. S. Jess,
a resident of Santa Cruz, who was a Bis
ter of the deceased, and George and B.
F. Campbell, fruit growers of Solano. and
Ix>nzo Campbell of Santa Crue, brothers
of the late Miss Campbell. These rela.
tives arrived yesterday in the city and
will to-day apply for letters of adminis
tration. The other claimant to the estate
is B. I* McDonald, who has been a warm
personal friend of the deceased for the
last twenty-five years and who has in the
last two y^ars devoted all bis time to
nursing the sick woman. He claims that
a lot at Harrison and Tenth streets that
is now in the name of Miss Campbell was
bought with his money in 1S77 and that if
the relatives "do not treat him right" he
will establish his rights as husband of the
eccentric eld schoolteacher.
The late Miss Campbell was a most pe
culiar woman. She taught in the public
schools more than thirty years and was
at the time of her death still a pensioner
cf the endowment fund. Her father left
her $10,000 about the year 1SS5, and al
though being well off and owning a com-
DAMAGE DONE
AT GAS WORKS
Water Tank Falls Through
the Rooi of the Engine
Room.
Presence of Mind of Assistant Super
intendent Craig Averts What
Ilig^Lt Have Been Seri
ous Disaster.
At a few minutes after 7 o'clock last
evening the residents of North Beach in
the vicinity oHiyde and Bay streets were
startled by a loud explosion which took
place in the works of the Equitable Gas
Light Company, situated on the bay front
at tbt foot of Hyde street.
Although no damage was done to the
houses In the neighborhood of the gas
work*. Investigation showed that the
plant of the new light company had suf
fered cerious injury and by tn* presence
of niicd of Assistant Superintendent Rob
ert B. Craig a big disaster was averted.
Th« explosion took place in the gas com
pany s large engine-room which stands on
i±e edge of the bay, and according to the
statements of Assistant Superintendent
Craig was caused by the water tank on
the roof falling through to the ground
and breaking a. number of pas pipes.
"I was In the mixing-roum gome dis
tance away," t-aid Craig, "when I heard
th« explosion, which seemed to come from
the engine-room. I ran out and saw where
the trouble was. • Water was pouring
down from the roof and the gas was
burning from a number of broken pipes.
I ran to the 'cut-out' and turned the
valves eo that the llames could not com
municate to the mixing retorts or gas
holders. In a few seconds the flames died
out and there was do danger from any
further explosion. I cannot say what
c&used the water tank to fall from the
r»o£, unless the supports were weakened
by the storm of a few days ago."
An Inspection of the wrecked engine
room 6howed that considerable damage
had been done by the forty-foot plunge
of the tank from the roof to the ground
tuid. the subsequent explosion of gas. Wa
ter to the depth of six inches covered the
f:oor: broken piece? of the galvanized roof
»ind bricks were piled in the machinery of
the engines; gas pipes were twisted and
bent; the windows and casings were shat
tered, and the remains of the wrecked
TTF.ter tank rested with part of the iron
TO' f right or. top of the engines.
The rrsh snd sound of the explosion
attracted attention for a distance of many
blocks, and the gripmen and conductors
cf the O'Farreil street cable lir.e were be-
Fipged with questions on their trips down
town during the hour succeeding the oc
currence.
The flrpmen on duty at the various en
gine houses la thp district where the gas
-works are situated telephoned to find out
If their services were required, but the
proffered aid was declined by the em
ployes of the Ka.« works.
McDonald claims he was given two
thousand dollars to pay his debts,
BUT HEIRS SCOFF AT HIS STATEMENT
:: ;j- ; ¦ '- — -r
Miss Campbell, Aged Schoolteacher, Leaves Estate Worth $30,000,
Desire for Possession of Which Creates a Bitter Correct Be
tween Relatives and a Male Friend of the Dead Woman
John Kunst, an architect, residing at 830
Turk street, had an experience with foot
pads shortly before 12 o'clock last night
which he is not likely to soon forget. He
was on his way home and had nearly
reached his residence wben three men
whom he had previously noticed following
him ordered him to throw up his hands,
enforcing their demand with pistols.
Kunst obeyed the command, and the
footpads then went through his pockets
and secured about $75 in cash and valu
ables. Having secured all he had on him
they ordered him to enter his house,
which he did, and they proceeded down
Turk street.
Kunst did not come out of the adventure
unscathed. He ¦ sustained several scalp
wounds, the result of blows aimed at his
head by one of the robbers, enraged at
some resistance on their victim's part.
Kunst had recently returned from a
business trip to Grass Valley, and spent
last night at the Olympia music hall with
several friends. After the show the party
stood chatting for a short while and then
dispersed to their homes. Kunst walued
up 'lurk street, and had reached the cor
ner of Franklin when he noticed three
men slinking after him. His suspicions
wuie excited by their demeanor, and a
set ond glance over his shoulder told him
his expectations were not unfounded.. He
quickened his pace, and was within fifty
feet of his door&tep when two of the trio
came up to him. and poking their pistols
into his face demanded his money and
valuables. One robber went through his
pockets while the second one covered
him. The remaining one seemed to be
keeping a lookout. The man secured $40
in gold, $3 or $4 in silver, a silver watch
and chain and was proceeding to unscrew
a $30 diamond stud Kunst wore when the
latter, demurred. It was then that the
man beat him over the head to quell any
further resistance;
As soon as the robbers disappeared
Kunst blew a- police whistle and tele
phoned to the Hall of Justice, with the
result that several detectives were soon
on the scene.
Kunst says be can identify two of his
assailants. The man who robbed him was
a young man. short, blonde hair and mus
tache and wore a gray coat and soft dark
hat. The other was tall and had a small
dark mustache and soft hat. The third
man he could riot observe closely. After
relating his story to »he detectives Kunst
walked to the Receiving Hospital, where
he was treated for six lacerations of the
scalp. ¦
Another Bold Hold-Up.
< A gang of four men answering closely
the . description of those who hold up
Kuiitz tried to rob Antonio Bengrulni, an
Italian fruit dealer, at Page and Octavia
streets shortly before 1 o'clock this morn
'ng. Enraged at getting 1 no' booty they
beat their victim over the head in the
same manner that . Kuntz was treated.
Benguinl had his wounds dressed at the
Receiving Hospital, where he informed
the surgeons that he had been held up
near his horn© by four unmasked men,
three cf whom carried pistols. They se
cured nothing. The police connect ths
gang that attempted to rob Dennis O'Sul
livan on Market street on Saturday morn-
Ing with the miscreants who were op
erating last night.
Take His Money and Valuables and
After Beating His Head Order
Him to Enter His
John Kunst Has an Excit
ing Experience With
Three Footpads.
HELD UP OUTSIDE
HIS OWN HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1900.
10
Trapper* » Oil cure* rheumatism and neuralgia.
Draff!** Wo fi&sk. Richards * Co., 4M CUgs«
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Elaborately
Decorated and Art Clocks.
Ranging in size from the
dainty little mantle clock to
the large Colonial Hall Clock
with double chimes.
China Clocks
Bisque Clocks
firJusicol Clocks
Cuckoo Clocks
French Cold Clocks
Colonial Hall Clocks
Our Prices
Just like finding Money.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
CITY ST0RB8.
SIO Grant Aw., brt. Pwrt and Sottef.
881 Market St., opp. Powell.
140 Sixth 8t. 1419 Polk St.
JI2 Third St. ISlODetUaderoSt.
146 Ninth 6t. 2OOS Fillmore Su
6006 Sixteenth St. 621 Montgomery Aw,
£310 Mi««lon 8U 32SS Mission 8tl
TO3 Larkla St. 2732 24th St.
CSS a«y«« St. 475 Hal£ht St.
' 62 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
I053W«sh!nfttoaSt 1237 Broadway.
I1S5 23rd A»e. GI6 E. I2th St.
1510 Serenth (St.
ALAMEDA— I3SS Park St.
4AH BAFA£k-.§eWB«ar J<Mrfb
OOLDBEBO. BOWXN * CO'S SPECIAL SAVIN3 3ALS
jpLDBERG
BQWEN
• \m «t mm «v ¦
Open evenings
Christmas
Tree ornaments
prettiest you ever saw-
freshen last year's decora-
tipns— latest effects from
Germany— come early
Coff ee— Pasha blend ' lb 27$C
What we call good coffee— rcg'Iy 35c
Pi m-0 laS— baby size 3 bottles 50C
We can help make your
Christmas tree beautiful'—
come early
Ceylon tea-"e«<*n *«" 40c
i lb wicker basket— reg'ly 50c—
for Christmas gift
Tea— 5 ib box— any flavor $2 IO
Most acceptable Christmas gift
—reg'ly $240
Fancy candy boxes and
bonbon-niere. toys— perhaps
'you don't know our assort-
menris the largest in town
—prices reasonable — come
early
Pop COrn— best quality 6 lbs 25C
Butter— fancy creamery lb 2.5C
Cut to order — fresh made butter
is high now
Spanish olives-s/anmiotfi o c
Largest and finest imported — quart
Sweet cider— d* Long ga i 50c
Nothing but apple juice In it
Come early so as not to
be disappointed — e'x t r a
salesmen — prompt attention
Perfumery— Pfnaud $1
French extracts— nice for Christmas
— assorted odors— reg'ly $1 25 bottle
Tooth powder— Wright 20c
• Antiseptic myrrh— reg'ly 25c bottle
Malaga raisins—imported
Due to arrive to-day
Holiday
wines and liquors
Vista del Valle sauternes
"Case of one dozen $jJ 50 to'$ 9
California port gallon $2
... Private stock ... bottle 5 OC
A rich fruity wine— reg'iy 75c and '
5250— case of one dozen quarts $575
An agricultural settlement near New
York supplies the Celestials of the East-
ern" States with their diet.
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS.
HI, 113. IIS. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
G0LDBIB3. B0WE5*C0'SS?SClAlSATmuiJ
Assorted wines % 6
Case of one doxen quart*— n kinds
• Send to some recent visitor here —
to anybody for Christmas
In New York warehouse we carry tha
above wines— also Private Stock daret
and Sierra Madre oil at 50c per caso
advance on catalogua price*— now hi
your opportunity to remember soma
eastern friend — order at once
Whi Sky— Scotch and Irish DOL
r«z1y *p«e!«l
K&yCroy $1 % 85
JBighland Clvb 1 85
Caledonian 135 1 10
Highland Chtb 4 50 j 50
Hot Scotch for cold nights
Cigars
As Christmas gifts u— .
25 — 50 — 100 In box — ladies
may order cigars here — we
know what to send — special
sizes in pretty wrappers
Humidors
Elegant cabinets to pre^
serve the good qualities of
fine cigars — in oak — cherry
—maple— beveled glass top
— $350 to $12 — ladies re-
member your friends
Big catalogue for a postal
Come early
4jt Pln« is* Slitter «Soe California San Fr«act«*
1073 CUy between Eleventh and Twelfth Oak!*M
The "DANN 11 RECLINING CHAIR xg^
A Handsome Christmas i$!l|&f
Easy and Comfortable. £g&$Mf
Price $15. Come and see it.
W. A. SCHROCK,
IB New Montgamorr Streot.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATTVTBk XNVXOORA-
Th^mort^ondeTirm aphnxUalac and Sp«eU2
Tonic for th* Sexual Organs, (or both mxm.
The Mexican Remedy for DUe*se» or tit* K1&
n*y» and Bladder. Sails on Its own merit*.
NABER. AUPS 4 BRUNE. Agent..
S23 Market' «t..- 8. F-— <Send tor Circulars.)
DR.MCNULTY.
FT»HTS WELL-KXOW2T AITD RRLIABUS OIJO
I jsppcJalUteurfjB'ood Poison, Gonorrhce»,Gleet,
Stricture. Seminal Weakness Impotence and their
BllfKri Disorders. Rook on Diseanea of Man. (r««.
Over207«ara>zpeTieiiee.Termsr*>annab!a. Boon.
ttoIdaa7;S:30toS.30eT'n. HandaTs.U>to tX Cnnaal-
tatlon tree and sacredly confidential. Call o* address
P. BOSCOB MoN CLTT, H. D.
*0>f Kearaj St., ftan Fra»<^t,r»i.
We will haye on sale all this
week elegant lines of the following
NEW GOODS, vePB suitable for
HOLIDAY PRESENTS;
Fine Battenfierg Tidies, Scarfs, Center Pieces, Pillow
Shams, Table Covers and Bed Sets.
Eiderdown Comforters and Pillows In Silk, Satin and
French Sateen Covering.
Ladles' Feather Boas, Fur Scarfs, Novel tu Belts and Fine
Purses.
Ladles' and Gents' Initialed Handerchiefs, in Silk, Linen
and Linen Cambric.
Gents' Silk Mufflers, Reefers, Scarfs and Novelty
Neckwear.*
Ladles' Lace Collars, Ficnus, Ties, Ruffs, Jafiots anl
Fancu* Neckwear.
Ladies' and Children's Fine Hosleru and Underwear,
at popular prices.
Gents' silk, Cashmere and Merino Underwear. Also
complete line of fine Half Hose.
Ladies' Fine Crochet Shawls, In white, pink, Macs,
gran, hlue and cardinal.
Ladles' and Gents' Silk Umbrellas, with born, pearl,
natural wood and gun metal handles.
Ladles' and Gents' Best Makes Kid Gloies of Frencn,
English and German manufacture.
1 (ROCKERS I
I 'PRESENTS t
y|y 2I5-2I7 : 2I9 BU6H ST. 225-227 POST ST.
'Traveling Dressing Cases Traveling Bags Dress Suit Cases
Vienna Novelties : 1 High Grade UmbroUai Calendars
Flna> Corrajiaondanca Papers - . , Largo Una of Novaltles InLaathar
j -,- o+ed eveNfNiH^ Until CH^t^TMAb ' - '•
ll1^S|tfTfrTJtflsl^fTeM»lll>rWIHTTllal>i^iTi|W'i'MilllSli|lir~r>*IJliltM'l>IIWIliMa a ¦ B^BSaaBJBJ BW M BMaH bNbI SJSSJS^aal^B^B^aa»^aaaaF
KUJ'p^