SECRETARY HAY SAYS TURKEY'S OUR FRIEND
Expects to Enter the Polar Basin in
August-' and Winter ! in
; ¦ V*, ¦ v;the';;ice.' ., .. ;; ; / ;
BUFFALO, f Nov. 28.— A special « to the
News from Montreal says : Captain' Ber
nler of! Quebec has gained the .support 6?
Slr ; Clement Markham,, president of the
Rdyal Geographical, Society, 'for" 'his
scheme to reach the North "Pole and is
now in •¦ this city ' making arrangements. '¦
Captain, Bernler's plans "contemplate the
departure of Ian', expedition, from .Vancou
ver I with': a -wooden /or * steel . ship } and } a
crew; of six . sailors , and ;. five - scientist*.
Entering theY polar* basing In *' August.'* a
month earller^than Nan»en k did, the^ship'
would. begihTto.drlft 300 miles further, east
than Nahsen'a" vessel did. The ' expedition
would 'wtntar In ' the' Ice,'
BERNIER PLANS TO .
REACH NORTH POLE
The first authentic news received " was
that a relative of a wealthy Chinese here
k ?¦& been beheaded for the misdeeds of .the
*¦ -tter, eppecially JieeauE** the Vancouver
Tr.nn wai plotting with the reformers. Sus
rlcioua letters were found on Chen Sue,
J'a<llnjs to the belief that he KuppUed this
information, and when threats were maae
a#*dnat his life he vanished.
VANCOUVER. Sow 28.— The Chinese
Reform Association of Vancouver, whose
h'-ad is Kang Tu Wei, now a refugee from
Peking, is exercised over the discovery of
a traitor. Several months ago Chen Sue
arrived in Vancouver from New York.
vhr re he claimed to be a prominent mer
chant, and was soon one of the principal
xid visors In the secret meetings at the re
form headquarters here. He continued
intil last Thursday, when he suddenly
disappeared, having fled under threats
Upon his life. It war found that he was a
raid agent of the Chinese Government of
ficials* and was reporting the doings of the
Clilnewe h«*re to representatives of LI
Hi:j!g i'hang.
to Li Hung Chang.
Secrets of Vancouver Branch Revealed
TSAITOB AMONG BEPOBMEJOS
¦,This ; i3_an advance for rapid transit In
London, though . there are two under
ground-systems alrer.dy In operation. The
new ; road will probabl? be In operation
before New York's underground road is
completed.. v :
The contract provides for the excava
tion as well as the electrical equipment of
the road and Its various off-shoots f^rom
Charing Cross to Hampstead, a distance
of about seven miles, including the con
tributary lines.
The contracting parties were Charles T.
Tcrkes, H. C. Davis, A. U. Houseman and
others of New York: J. J. Mitchell of Chi
cago aud^ the firm of Price & Reeves of
Westminster, England, electrical and gen
eral contractors.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— The World says:
Contracts were signed yesterday in Lon
don and ratified in "Wall street for the
equipment of the Charing Cross, Euston
and Hampstead Underground Railway
with electricity at a cost of about $20,000.
000. Americans will furnish all the capital
for the enterprise. ,
pleted Before One Now Being
Constructed in New York.
London Line Will Probably Be Com-
CONTRACT SIGNED FOR
UNDERGROUND RAILWAY
"A French column of marines with ar
tillery attacked on November 21 the vil
lage of Tallklotschu. southwest of Pao
tlng-Fu. The Boxers abandoned the posi
tion after a stout resistance and heavy
loss. The French had ten wounded, three
seriously."
MANIAC'S VICIOUS
ASSAULT UPON
AN ATTENDANT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Nov. 28.— 1t has Just
leaked out thatr an inmate of the
'Btat« Insane Asylum made a des
perate attempt several nlgrhis ago
to murder his keeper. That F. C.
Thompson, the assaulted attendant,
Is alive to-day Is due to his agility.*
The.patlent stood Just Inside a door
and a's Thompson- came, along he
struck, the attendant with • a heavy
metal cuspidor, breaking two' bones"
in the right hand. The maniac then
threw a handful of red. pepper at
Thompson's eyes. 7, Fortunately it
did not reach the mark. A struggle
ensued, the patient being overpow
ered.
The assault, according to the In
sane man,' had been planned sev
eral weeks previously. He says
that after blinding: and killing the
attendant he Intended .\ to j obtain
the. .keys and make v wholesale de
livery. ;:"-V -,¦,'/";•• : --''' :.'¦*:./ ;.
PARIS, Nov. 29.— The Havas Agency has
received the following dispatch from Pe
king, dated yesterday;
Loss on Chinese.
FRENCH DEFEAT BOXERS.
Column of Marines Inflict Heavy
It is ! understood that the President
would gladly invite Merriam into the Cab
inet when a vacancy occurs, provided the
director. does not prefer to make a race
for the Senate. Former Senator "Washburn
of Minneapolis is anxious to return to the
Senate, and he will probably be Director
Merrlam's strongest competitor;
MADDENED BULL
ATTACKS SONOMA
RANCHER'S WIFE
? -- . • ;¦• — -¦ •> +
+ Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
+ PETALUMA". Nov. 28.— Mrs. Rob- ?
4- ert Corda, wife of a prominent +
4- rancher of San Antonio, was fright- ?
+ fully injured last evening by a mad- • +
¦?- dened bull in her dooryard. Mrs. +
+ Corda was about to' enter the house •?•
4- v when the bull, which had \ strayed -f
4- from a herd on. the range, caught ¦*¦
4- ' sight . of - the ¦ red :¦. dress she was >
4- wearing and attacked her. ¦ She was ' 4
4-^thrown" to the. ground; and badly 4
4. cut about the face and gored in the' >
4- right hip. She •was being trampled ... 4
4- upon ; by ¦¦¦ the brute t when ; men; at- ¦ 4
4- tracted^byiher cries.., drove .him
4- away and bore; the fainting woman *-f'
4-" Into the. house. ;She is now in a pre- 4
4.*;: carious 1 condition;,* ~ : Had" • not .' the.,-f
4-^i men '.been*! working; close *by Mrs. '4
4.'-Corda would 'have been killed/' 4
. ; -4
It is generally conceded that Director of
the Census Merriam will be one. of the
foremost- aspirants before the Minnesota
Legislature for. the. Senatorial election if
hells not r previously invited to a seat at
the Cabinet table. It would be the irony
of fate should Merriam succeed his late
political rival in Minnesota politics In the
Senate. President McKiriley was anxious
to give his personal friend Merriam a Cab
inet-position,;-or something equally as
good, four years ago," but stubborn
opposition of Senator Davis, because of a
family feud,, blocked the way.
CALL BUREAU, /WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.— Senator
Lodge will In all probability be advanced
to the chairmanship of the Committee on
Foreign Relations to fill the vacancy
caused by - the death of Senator C. K.
Davis. Senators Frye of Maine and Cul
lom of Illinois both outrank the Massa
chusetts Senator on the committee, but
Frye, In addition to being' President pro
tem. of the Senate, is chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, . and Senator
Cullom is chairman of the Committee on
Interstate and Foreign Commerce.
Frne- arid Cullom,
Who Outrank Him,
Hold Important
Positions.
LODGE MAY BE
SUCCESSOR OF
SENATOR DAVIS
PARIS, Nov. 28.— The conversation
which former President Kruger had with
the French Minister of. Foreign Affairs,
M. Delcasse, yesterday, was confined to
the former sounding the latter as to the
probable attitude of France in certain
eventualities. Mr. Kruger did not press
for a definite statement and the conver
sation lacked precisene.ss. M. Delcasse let
it be understood that France . had not
changedher attitude' since he explained
tho Government's- position in the Cham
ber of Deputies lafet March. France Will
not take. the initiative in -intervention in
South' Africa, but' will not. discourage any
other country, from so doing. On the con
trary, she will Join in. such initiative taken
under such conditions as appear to her
to merit acquiescence.
Mr. Kruger did not Intimate what he In
tended to do, but it'is believed he will take
the official diplomatic step at The Hague.
It is not known whether he will ask Hol
land to propose mediation «r open -other
and less clearly defined negotiations.
Mr.. Kruger to-day drove to the School
of Fine Arts to inspect the plaster., model
of the monument to be erected to tho
memory of Colonel de Vlllebois-Mareuil,
the French officer who died In South Af
rica fighting for the Boors. He was re
ceived by Colonel de "VIllebols-MareuH's
brother. A number, of artists and literary
people and students "wsre present.' . Mr.
Kruger. eulogized .Colonel de Vlllebois-
Mareuil and his comrades, whose devoted
heroism he said "recalled the chivalrous
knights of the middle ages." ,
Mr. Kruger then" proceeded to view the
Pantheon, but was too fatigued .to enter.
He was heartily cheered everywhere
along the road. '.'• '..! .',
The General Council of the Seine to-day
unanimously adopted a resolution that the
French Government' should take the Ini
tiative, in an endeavor to bring about an
arbitration of the issues- between Great
Britain and the" Boers. ¦
Resolution Unani
mously Adopted hy
General Council
• of the Seine.
WISHES FRANCE
TO AID BOERS
BY MEDIATION
While this was going on Jacob Kangas,
a neighbor, was prevented by timely in
terference from killing his wife and three
children. The two men had been drinking
together.
The mother had recovered sufficiently
by this time to scream for help and neigh
bors arrived Just In time to overpower
Smith and pave the children's lives.
A pair of twins somewhat older had
been sleeping in the bed. Smith wrapped
the bed clothes so tightly about the chil
dren that they were helpless. Then he
saturated the clothes with kerosene and
set fire to them. ' .••, "
SCOFIELD. Utah, Nov. 2S.— Richard
Smith, a coal miner, beat his wife almost
into insensibility and struck his three
month-old child on the forehead, fractur
ing the little one's skull. It died before
medical aid arrived.
The Career, of Crime
of a Drink-Crazed
Man in a Utah
Town.
ATTEMPTS TO
INCINERATE HIS
TWO CHILDREN
According to the naval register the Yo
semite was manned by eighteen offlcers
and 2S7 men, but In her capacity as sta
tion ship not all of these were required,
and undoubtedly a part of them were
ashore engaged In duties at v the navy
yard. This probably will be true of her
commander. Seaton Schroeder. who Is also
Governor of Guam, and who probably left
the active command of the ship to the
ranking lieutenant. Augustus N. Mayer.
The old offlcers accredited to the ship by
the register are: Lieutenants— W. E. Saf
ford. Albert Moritz. B. B. Biereo: Ensigns
—A. W. Pressy. H. L. Collins. A. T. Mitch
ell and F. T. Evans: Assistant Surgeon E.
M. Furlong, Assistant Paymaster P. TV".
Delano, Chaplain L. F. Reynolds and elxh t
warrant officers.
Just before the outbreak of the Spanish-
American war the vessel was purchased
by the Navy Department, fitted as an
auxiliary cruiser and rendered effective
service as one of the patrol fleet, being
manned in part by the Michigan naval
militia. It Is said her anchorage at Guam
was off the harbor of San Luis d'Apra,
and that owing to her draft she was
obliged to stay six miles off shore. The
harbor Is a particularly dangerous one
owing to the existence of a rocky shoal
In the middle of a very crooked channel.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2S.— The Yosemite
was first commissioned April 13, 1X)S. She
had been the station ship at the Island of
Guam since the days of the Spanish war.
She was a slxteen-knot converted cruiser
of 6179 tons displacement, and was pro
vided with a main battery of ten five-Inch
rapid-tire guns and a secondary battery
of six six-pounders and two ! Colt rifles.
She had a complement of eighteen officers
and 267 men. Her measurements were 291
feet in length by 43 feet extreme breadth.
She had a mean draught of 20 feet 1 Inch.
After the violence of the storm had sub
sided efforts were made to start the en
gines. At 1:30 p. m.. November 15. the
Justin, which had started In search of the
Yosemite. picked her up and attempted to
tow her back to Guam. Two hawsers were
broken, and it was then decided that it
was Impossible to take. her into port. The
cruiser was then scuttled, after which she
was abandoned, all hands going aboard
the Justin. The Tosemite sank bow first
at 3 o'clock and the Justin stood away for
Guam.
Paymaster Ballard saved $68,000 In Mexi
can money from sinking with the ship.
Meanwhile the Yosemite was drifting
hopelessly before the gale, which was
blowing at the rate of a hundred miles an
hour. A sea anchor had been put out. and
this held the Yosemite up into the teeth
of the storm and prevented her from fall-
Ing off Into the trough of the sea. She
rode to this anchor and drifted rapidly
until 6 o'clock in the evening, when the
weather cleared. The cruiser was then
sixty miles north and forty miles west of
Guam. She had labored so heavily that
she had sprung a leak.
Boatswain Sweeney and twelve of the
crew volunteered to take a lifeline ashore.
A boat was lowered for. this purpose, but
It was Immediately swamped by a big sea
that swept over it. AH Its occupants were
carried away from the boat; but they
miraculously succeeded in reaching land
after hours of struggle with the waves.
The, storm veered around after the Yo
semlte grounded, and she was driven off
and carried onto Roma ye Cliffs, where her
rudder and propeller were broken.
The auxiliary cruiser Tosemite, which
was occupying a berth near the collier
Justin, dragged her anchors and was
driven aground a hundred yards from the
reef. Her bows were crushed In. A
launch with a crew of five men had pre
viously left the ship to endeavor to And a
safe anchorage for the cruiser, the indica
tions being the anchors would not hold
where, she was. The men were not seen
after they left the ship, and it is prac
tically; certain the heavy sea which .the
•tonn kicked up swamped the launch. The
bodies of Cockswain F. Swanson and Sea
man George Anhel were recovered after
the typhoon subsided.
MANILA, Nov. 2S.— The transport Sher
man, which has arrived here, brings news
of a terrific typhoon which swept over the
island of Guam on November 13. demol
ishing thousands of dwellings, including
Governor Schroeder's headquarter. The
towns of Inoralan and Terraforo were ob
literated^ It -Is estimated that hundreds
of natives ware killed. The cocoanut
crops for four years have been ruined and
the vegetation cf the island killed by salt
water. The storm burst with terrific ra
pidity at about 10 o'clock In the morning.
Sp*c!al Dispatch to The CalL
Thousands of Dwellings Are Demol
ished en the Island of Guam
and Hundreds of Natives
' Are Killed.
SHIP SCUTTLED AND ABANDONED
Five Seamen Perisli and
Others Alter Heroic
Struggle Escape.
Auxiliary Cruiser Is
Driven Before a
Great Gale,
YOSEMITE
IS LOST IN
A TYPHOON
LEWISTON. Me.. Nov. 2S.-Senator
Frye started, for Washington to-day with
Mrs. Frye. Asked what his views were
on the present Issue with Turkey, the
Senator declared that if strenuous meas
ures were necessary there would be noth
ing to prevent ' th« war -vessels of the
United States from making a trip up the
Dardanelles, as the United States is not
a party to the European concert touching
the guardianship of the Mediterranean
gateway of Constantinople,
'LONDON. Nov. 29.— "An imperial Irade
orders the immediate signature of a con
tract for th* construction of a fast cruiser
by the Cramps of Philadelphia," says the
Constantinople correspondent of the Daily
Chronicle. "The price agreed upon will
give a sufficient surplus to pay the Amer
ican indemnities.' Thus the United States
gains an important commercial and dip
lomatic success."
..The Navy Department has given no
further orders to the Kentucky beyond
those directing her to proceed to Smyrna
for a five days' stay. The department has
received a letter from Captain Chester of
the Kentucky, mailed from Gibraltar,
telling of a storm which the ship passed
through on the Atlantic and the oppor
tunity it afforded of testing the sea-goln;
qualities of the big battleship. The
storm arose on the 30th Inst. and raged
that day and the next. The waves tore
away the starboard lifeboat and beat it
to pieces. This was the only mishap.
Captain Chester says that throughout the
storm the battleship behaved beautifully
and showed excellent seaworthy quali
ties.
Cable advices say the Vienna Tageblatt
publishes a dispatch from Constantinople
tp't5te«rrect.that J the;Turklsli Council "of
Ministers . has j held a conference to de
termine whether or not the sending of the
United', States battleship Kentucky to
Smyrna should be regarded as an act of.
hostility. According to the Tageblatt's
dispatch one Mini3ter urged the severance
of diplomatic relations with the United
States and even went so far as to
threaten war unless the Kentucky should
be withdrawn from Turkish waters. The
Ministers express the belief that the
European poweTs would not permit the
United States to attack Turkey, and that
the country, therefore, would be safe In
taking a defiant attitude. , ¦
The Kentucky -arrived to-day at
Smyrna. Partly aa a result All Ferrouh
Bey, the Turkish Minister, called at tha
State Department. When he left he said
he had been assured that the visit of the
vessel was not connected with *he refusal
of his Government to Issue an exequatur
to the American Consul at Harpoot, or
with the missionary claims controversy.
It is understood that Secretary Hay in
formed the Minister that the Kentucky's
call had no hostile purpose.
Ca'll BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 2S.-Under
Instructions from Secretary Long. Cap
tain Chester, commanding the Kentucky,
will formally invite the Sultan of Tur
key to visit the American battleship. It
Is thought that the acceptance of the in
vitation would give the Sultan an oppor
tunity to form an idea of the formidable
character of the later warships of the
American navy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Believe European Powers Would Not
Permit the United Slates to
Attack the Domains of
Abiul Hamid:.
OTTOMAN MINISTERS TALK WAR
Arrival ol the Kentucky at
Smyrna Not for a
Hostile Purpose.
Turkey's Sultan May
Be Given Object
Lessons.
INVITED
TO VISIT THE
WARSHIP
SHANGHAI, Nov. 2S.— Advices from
Sianfu assert that the Empress Dcwager
has consented to the return of Emperor
Kwang Su to Peking, although she will
remain at Sianfu. .
It 13 rumored from the same source*
that the announcement of the suicide of
Yu Hsien, former Governor of the prov
ince of Shansi, was correct. ¦ . '. . ;
Liu Sha Tang. Governor of the province
of Chekiang, has . been dism'ssed on ac
count of the Chuchau-Fu massacre. ' The
Provincial Treasurer of Cheklang, , Yun
Tsuy, succeeds him. The latter is a lib
eral-minded reformer. ' / '
But tho Dowager Empress Prefers to
Remain at Sianfu.
CONSENTS TO SU'S RETURN.
AN ALLEGED SEIZURE.
Germans Said to Have Confiscated
the Cargo of a Chinese Vessel.
NEW YORK, Nov. 28.— It is reported
here from Peking that the Germans have
boarded a Chinese vessel and demanded
treasure consigned to an English com
pany at Tientsin, As the boxes of treas
ure had been landed the Germans could
not get them. They then hoisted the Ger
man flag on the vessel and confiscated her
cargo. ,
BERLIN. Nov. 28.— A dispatch from Pe
king dated Tuesday, November 27, says a
German military official recently ordered*
the seizure of the steamer Irene (flying
the Chinese flag), as she had on board a
cargo of telegraph material, which. It was
alleged, was Intended for the Chinese.
Field Marshal Waldersee, the dispatch
adds, was notified and Immediately re
scinded the order.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO-
Ejwcial Cable to "Hie Call and X*w fork Her
ald. Corvrl^ht. 1910. by the Herald Pub
llshins Corr.iiar.y.
GUAYAQUIL. Ecuador, Nov. SS.-News
of rehfl activity on the Pacific coast of
Colombia, lvhleh has not been permitted
to pa?s over wires controlled by tho Gov
ernment, has been received at Esmeralda.
Although driven from positions com
manding the port of Buona Ventura by
the expedition brought from Panama or
the steamship Taboga, the Liberal forces
ar» operating in the interior, east of that
city. They hold the road to Call, which
!s now besieged by a strong insurgent
force ar.d must soon surrender unless re
lieved. The Government army In Burna
Ventura is not strong enough to take th<
oJTf-nsIve without the aid of sea force3.
and consequently the unJy hope for Call
I!** !n the direction of the capital. A
Ftrong rebel expedition is now being fitted
out at Tumaco. in the southwest, tlie
actual stronghold of the Liberal forces on
the Pacific coast. The armed robel Steam
ships Oaitan and Salinas, which retired
from th*> blockade of Buena Ventura on
nnd win 1 co-operate" with the expedition.
Tt* destination is not known, but it may
sttfmpt to renew the siege of Buena
\>mura. Throughout the rich state cf
Cauca. which embraces almost the entire
Pacific coast line, the rebel authority has
practically paralyzed T>uEines!». Unless
the Government forces soon succeed in
r«»Ptorlr.g order that most important
region will be ruined for many years. Re
ports of fighting at Buena Ventura, while
rot giving details of casualties, show tiiat
the action was a spirited one. The port
had been closely blockaded by the Gaitan
and Salinas for three weeks when the Ta
1>ojra expedition arrived. The Taboga,
which flew the British flag during the
action, was equipped with artillery. It
•was reinforced by the gunboats Boyoca
and Darien. which had been held in the
harbor by the blockade, and the throe
vigorously bombarded the rebel positions
on Points Bazan and Soldado. Their fire
was fo effective that the rebels retired
hastily into the interior, and an advance
by the garrison resulted In the capture of
Generals Salamanca and Hoyes, «ho
foupht to the last. Three *runs were aiso
captured. The Taboga took to port a car
po of arms, ammunition and provision?.
The artillery it carried ¦will be mounted
for tho defense of the port.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2*.— Engrossed as
they are with China, the authoritif-s are
not able to give to South American affairs
thf attention they deserve. Reports have
l"ie*"n received by the State Department
from the American Ministers accredited to
Brazil, Ecuador. Bolivia and Uruguay re
garding the boundary disputes existing In
Brazil and neighboring states, and in the
case of Uruguay It Is known that the of
ficials regard the controversy as acute.
With respect to the boundary dispute
¦with Bolivia, Minister de Assis-Brasil, the
representative of Brazil in Washington,
etates that a settlement has been effect
ed and that a Joint commission is to be
organized to locate the line. The estab-
TEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 2S.-Secretary
Hay to-day took steps to prevent Minister
Conger from becoming a party to the pro
gramme of butchery. Under the instruc
tions sent to Mr. Conger he will withhold
until further notice his signature from the
agreement already approved by the Min
isters in Peking or any which they may
adopt In future, and will cable the text
of the protocol to Washington for consid
eration by the President. Mr. Conger will
undoubtedly "understand this as a rebuke
for his approval of the vengeance policy
embodied in the document. It is believed
here that all the other powers, with the
exception of Germany, have sent similar
instructions to their representatives In
Peking.
Notwithstanding the apparent isolation
of Germany, a feeling of decided pessim
ism prevailed to-day as to the outcome
of the peace negotiations. The next ten
days, said one official, will probably be
the most important in the whole of the
Chinese affair, as a decision which will
zn«in war,or.pea<;e-will-berf:eachcd> .».-,-.¦• - '
Great Britain, Russia, Japan and France
seem In harmony with the desire of the
United States to modify the terms of the :
Peking agreement relative to the punish
ment and indemnity and to present de
mands' with which the Chinese Govern
ment can comply.
It became known to-day that American
Consuls have been negotiating with ex
cellent results with the Viceroys of prov
inces regarding indemnities for the mur
der of missionaries and damages to mis
sions. Similar negotiations have been
conducted by English Consuls.
BERLIN. Nov. 2S.— An inspired article in
the Post says: "The possible. If improb
able, modification of the punishment of
the guilty officials In China would not "in
the least be dictated by considerations of
humanity, but rather by considerations of
political expediency. Germany never In
sisted on the punishment or death of cer
tain persons. She desires, first of all. that
the powers should demand the punishment
of the guilty, being guided by the wish
that all the eight powers act in concert."
The Militar Wochenblatt, discussing the
charges of cruelty on the Germans In
China, admits that "under certain circum
stances prisoners may be dangerous nnd
no prisoners must be taken.
"The German army," the paper adds,
"•should not be accused of cruelty without
considering the facts !n the ilght o* con
ditions."
A dispatch received here from Tientsin,
dated Monday, November 26, says: "The
provisional administration here, in which
Germany, the United Staves. Russia,
Great Britain, Frar.ce and Japan are rep
resented, decided tc-day unanimously to
demolish the wall and fill iip the ditch
around Tientsin."
LONDON, Nov. 29.— The Berlin Carre
s' poTdent of the Standard says he hears
that Germany has notified the United,
States of her willingness to waive the de
mand for the execution of the Chinese of
ficials.
liFhment cf this line will probably end
the efforts of the Inhabitants of the so
called republic of Acre to achieve Inde
pendence, as mary of them are Brazilians
and will be satisfied If their homes are
found to be In Brazilian territory. Mr.
<3e Assls-Brasll Insists that there Is no
foundation for the report that his Govern
ment has fomented trouble In Acre, and
declares that It has observed a very cor
rect attitude. The dispute with Ecuador,
with Bolivia and Uruguay as well, grows
out of the fact that the boundary line has
never been definitely located.
BUSINESS
PARALYZED
BY REBELS
Liberals ol Colombia
Make Aggressive
Campaign.
Preparing to Renew Siege of
Buena "Ventura With
a Big Force.
DETAILS OF RECENT FIGHTING
Meanwhile the Foundary Dispute
Eetween South American Repub
lics Is Becoming Very
Serious.
Within tha Next Ten Days a Stage in
Negotiations Will Be Reached
Which Will Mean Peace or
War in China.
Rebuked lor His Approval
of the Ministers' Policy
ol Vengeance.
DECISIVE ACTION IS NEAR
Conger InstructedNot
to Sip the Peking
Programme.
BLOCKING
PLANS FOR
BUTCHERY
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NC). 182.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NO MEMBER 29, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.MISS 'MAY KIMBALL OF YUBA CITY AND ATTORNEY E. B. COLLINS OF CHICO, WHO WILL BE THE PRIN
CIPALS.IN A PRETTY "PINK AND WHITE" WEDDING AT THE HOME OF THE BRIDE'S BROTHER ON
THANKSGIVING DAY. . " . ¦
Missing TJodi Man Returns.
I LODI, Nov. 28.— Albert Wardrobe, the
printer who mysteriously disappeared
from here over two weeks ago, haa as
suddenly returned. Ho came back to find
a warrant of petty embezzlement stariae
him in the face, as the friend from whom
he borrowed the bicycle on which he rode
away had decided he had been "film
flammed." Wardrobe says he spent tha
time up in the foothills looking for jobs
for himself and the man who loaned "him
•the wheel. The frle»7d refused- to prose
cute. Wardrobe paid him two weeks' hire
for the machine and to the court cost of
fees.
Railway Employe Robbed.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 28.— The room of
a railroad employe In the Forester build
ing was entered this afternoon and a
watch and chain, a diamond stud and $31
in money, stolen.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes, Pensions Issued
and Naval Orders.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.— Postmaster
commissioned: Washington, — Clara M.
Latham, Union.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
California: Original — Henry Zimmerman,
Murrletta. $6; Alonzo Coplln, San Krancla
co, $8. Increase— Samuel Panna, Elm
hurst. $S; Lyan L. Ljle. Red Bluff. *S;
William 4t» Spencer. Los Angeles. $8. War
with Spain — Original— Charles A. Seltz.
San Francisco, $&. • :
Oregon: Increase — Richard F. Shannon,
Parkersburg, $10. Original widows—Will
riioth H. Hunter. Lostine. $8.
Washington: Original — Charles H. Gates,
Spokane. $6. . '
Commander J. D. J. Kelley is ordered
to the Asiatic station, for command of the
Glacier, sailing from San Francisco De
cember 22.
Commander ! F. J. Drake is detached
from the Mare Island yard to the Asiatic
station for command of the Culgoa. sail
ing from San Francisco December 22.
Lieutenant Commander F. H.- Holmes
is detached from connection with the Mo
hican at* Mare Island yard to the Inde
pendence as executive officer. Lieutenant
Commander A. McCrackln Is detached
from the Independence and ordered to
Mare Island \ yard December 12 as ord
nance offlceF. - .
YELLOW ASTER MINING
SUIT COMPROMISED
Cash Settlement Reached and Def end-
ants Agree to Withdraw Their
Claim.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 2S.— The equity
case to quiet title ' to the Yellow Aster
mining properties. In Kern County, was
disposed of by Judge Ross In the United
States court to-day. The Yellow Aster
Mining and Milling Company brought the
action against O. B. Stanton, E. J. Bald
win and others for the thirteen claims
forming the Yellow Aster group, and the
decree to-day entered, by which the de
fendants get $14,500, was in the nature of a
compromise, both parties uniting In the
request that a decree be made giving to
the Yellow Aster Company complete and
undisputed control of the properties, and
forever restraining the defendants from
making claim to or entering upon the
property. v ,j_ ..;.v
MANIAC HOLDS
UP TRAVELERS
NEAR REDDING
Murderer of Prank Michaels
Evidently an Insane
Highwayman.
ATTEMPTS TWO MORE ROBBERIES
Woman and Her Daughter When
Stopped by the Fellow Escape
. by Plying Whip to Their .
Horses.
Special Dispntch to The Call.
REDDING. Nov. 2?.— There seems no
lonper reason to doubt that the Fraser
Hill read near Bella Vista is being haunt
ed by an insane highwayman, and that it
was he who murdered Frank Michaels of
Portland, whose body was fourtd cold in
death with a bullet wound through the
skull. Michaels had startrd U> walk from
Bully Hill to Redding, and met death on
the way. At first there was same doubt
as to whether he had been murdered or
committed suicide, but recent develop
ments preclude the possibility that he
took his own life.
On Tuesday evening Hprt Hall, a far
mer, was ordered to halt by a highway
man at the spot where Michael's body
was found. He replied by discharging a
shotgun at the man. The robber returned
the fire from a rifle. Both shots were in
effective.
To-night comes news of an attempt to '
hold up Mrs. Antone Spiegel and her little
daughter as they were returning from
Redding. In the same stretch of woods
a man stepped out and attempted to take
hold of the bridle of one of their horses,
at the same time asking some irrelevant
question regarding the contents of the
buggy. Mrs. Spiegel did not reply. She
had the lines in her grasp and told her
little daughter to lash the horses with
the whip. The girl did so and. the ani
mals tore past the highwayman and down
the road.
It is held that no sane man would have
attempted a second and a third hold-up
on the scene of his former crimp. The
highwayman's actions when he stopped
Farmer Hall seem to indicate a thirst for
blood rather than a desire for booty.
HIGHWAYMAN ROBS WOMAN.
Compels Mrs. Josie Adams of Mon
rovia to Give Up Her Purse.
LOS ANGELES, 'Nov. 2S.-While driv
ing from Pasadena • to Monrovia thii
afternoon in a buggy. Mrs. Josie Adams
of Monrovia was held up by a highway
man and robbed of what money she had
with her. She was alone, and Just before
she reached Santa Anita avenue a
masked man jumped from behind a tree,
and seizing the horse by the bridle
brought it to a stop.- Drawing a revolver,
he pointed it at Mrs. Adams and ordered
her to hand over what money she had.
threatening to kill her if she refused.
Half paralyzed by fear. Mrs. Adams sur
rendered her purse. The bandit then
ordered her to drive on and not look
around, saying he would shoot if she did
not obey. She was too frightened to look
back, leashing her horse Into a run. she
drove into town as rapidly as possible and
gave the alarm.
Policeman Willets went in search of the
highwayman and several posses were or
ganized and- have joined In the pursuit.
The robber evidently escaped into the
timber, which is quite heavy on that por
tion of the Baldwin ranch. The hold-up
took 'place on White Oak avenue, one cf
the most frequented thoroughfares in the
county.
Mrs. Adams saya she can easily identi
fy the robber. She is almost prostrated
by the nervous shock.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOLLISTER. Nov. 28.— In the Superior
Court this mornins the divorce sut
brought against George Carmack. who ac
quired millions in the north through tha
discovery of the Klondike gold fields, by
his Indian wife was dismissed on motion
of the plaintiffs attorney. In moving for
the d : smlssal it was announced by
that the squaw-wife of the Klondike did
not know what she was doing when she
instituted the proceedings. It is believed
that some settlement has teen re>c*-e'l cut
of court.
The story of Carmack'a discovery of the
land of gold in the frozen north is roman
tic in the extreme. He was led to the
Klondike by the Indian woman who after
ward became his wife. To-day his hold
ings in the gold fields net him a pront of
$300,000 a year.
Plaintiff Alleges She Did Not Know
What She Wag Doing When.
Proceedings Were
Instituted.
Indian Wife ol Klondike
Croesus Gives Up the
Legal Battle.
CASE SETTLED OUT OP COURT
MRS. CARMACK
WITHDRAWS HER
DIVORCE SUIT
Zionites Released on Bail.
VICTORIA, . Nov. 28.— Eugene i Brooks,
Zlonite; 'and W.,..W.,,Maltby, whpl were
charged with having caused the death
of a six-year-old son of Maltby by not
providing necessary medical attention,
were released on bail to-day.
Eagan Not Reinstated.*
? WASHINGTON. Nov. 28.— Officials of the
War Department deny positively that
Commissary General, Eagan, now under
suspension from the army,- has been rein
stated. It is further stated that General
Eagan has filed no formal application .to
have his sentence set aside, ft is under
stood that General Eagan might be rein
stated at any tirn£ upon condition that
he would accept immediate retirement
but he has shown no disposition to accede
to such an arrangement.
Czar Is- Recovering.
LONDON, Nov. 23.— Emperor Nicholas,
according to a dispatch to the Times from
St. Petersburg, is now considered on the
way to speedy recovery.
SANTA CLARA SOLDIER '
DIES IN THE PHILIPPINES
Name of Jesse Clay Dodson in Gen
eral Mac Arthur's Latest Cas
ualty List.
SANTA CLARA, Nov. 28.— In the list
of Philippine casualties published in
yesterday's Call was the name
of Jessie Clay Dodson, son' of ex-
Postmaster Dr. 8. M. Dodson of
Santa Clara. Dodson was a newspaper
man, having been on the New York'Sun
in 1884. Later he ¦ served on , the Sacra
mento Bee, the San Jose 'Times and the
San Jose Mercury. In 1898 he enlisted in
the Eighth California a,n4
served until mustered out. Then he en
tered the Thirty-fifth United States Vol
unteers and was sent to Manila. He was
performing scout duty in the interior of
Luzon at the time of his death. The fam
ily received the first news of his death
this morning and is completely pros-,
trated.
CALTFORNIA EXPRESS
WRECKED AT A TUNNEL
Spreading of Rails Causes a Disaster
in the Siskiyou Moun-
tains.
ASHLAND, Or., Nov. 2*.— The ; south
bound California express, which left here
at 1 o'clock to-day, was derailed at the
south exit of the long tunnel at the sum
mit of the Siskiyou mountains. The rails
spread and j two locomotives,/ the United
States mail car and baggage car Jumped
the track. While the passengers . in the
coaches were much shaken, no one was
injured. A wrecking crew was dispatched
from Ashland and the track repaired after
eight hours' Work. ¦ * •
Explosion in a Mine.
ASHLAND, Or.,'- Nov.' 28;— The Ashland
mine near this city, operated by the Mon
treal and Oregon Gold- Mines Company,
was the scene of • an > explosion early this
morning in which three men were seri
ously injured. John Mattson, H. G. Fair-*
ole and W. K. Smith, miners of the night
shift, were, crimping fuse in ,the . 500-foot
level when a box of fifty giant. caps ex
ploded. It is supposed • that the explosion
was caused from a spark from a lighted
candle. . While the ij»rti were painfully
burned about the face and hands, it is
believed all will recover.* ¦',.-¦
UNION SAILORS ATTEMPT
TO EOAHD A SHIP
Deputy Marshal Prevents Them Tak
ing Off a Non-Union Crew
by Force.
TACOMA, Nov. 28.— The attempt of the
Sailors' Union of the Pacific to forcibly
take a non-union- crew from the ship
Lawrence at Tacoma Sunday night was
repeated last night on the American ship
Sintram. Captain Myer . had signed a
mixed crew at the same wages for a trip
to San Francisco with a cargo of coal
Yesterday afternoon a committee of the
union went aboard the ship and notified
the captain that unless the non-union men
were removed they would board the ship
and forcibly take them off. Captain Myer
said he proposed to run the ship to suit
himself. He applied to the police, but the
Chief refused to let his men go on the
vessel. Then Deputy United States Mar
shal Davisson was secured and went on
guard.
At 11 o'clock 100 sailors and longshore
men armed, with clubs and missiles ap
peared and marched out on the narrow
wharf at the Electric coal bunkers Dep
uty United States Marshal" Davisson met
them with drawn revolver and- threat
ened to shoot the first man who attempted
to board the vessel. There were some hot
heads who advised a rush, but after a
violent outburst , of words the crowd
deemed it 'best: to withdraw, lueantime a
force .from the Sheriffs office appeared
and remained on guard all night. A tue
towed the vessel to sea early this morn
ing. >(,; : . -¦ ¦ ".. •¦• -;^;-,.,.-, •;
STILL HOPES TO SAVE
THE BARK POLTALLOCH
Captain Young Wires to Astoria for
Wire Cable and Another
-. ¦ ,- ; , ••¦ ._..¦ Tug.
SOUTH BEND. Wash.. .Nov. 28— The
stranded bark Poltalloch during the night
drifted further inshore and is now on the
main beach, but resting easily In a basin
formed between two sand bars Canto n
Young has wired to Astoria for thwjtt
dred fathoms of t wire cable and another
*V? ; ££ d . h « 1 M a - hopes, of .yet pulling her
off. She will, have to be pulled into the
bay, a distance of a half-mile, asishe now
Attempted Murder and Suicide.
T* TACOMA," Nov. i28.^-Charles; Butler col
ored, shot his wife three times this morn
lT l? } n Jt Japanese' lodging-house arid then
shot himself t through the m heart. The
woman was taken to the hospital and can
hot -: live, v She was ;¦ a daughter of John
Couns.a colored politician, . and brought
sult^ror divorce this week on the ground
of abandonment. . . .
Trial of William R. Acock.
SUISUN, Nov. 28.— The trial of William
R. Acock, proprietor of the Waldorf sa
loon at Vallejo, charged with an assault
upon Chief of Police "Stanford with In
tent to commit murder,- began in the Su
perior Court here yesterday. District At
torney Devlin is conducting the prosecu
tion and Grove L.. Johnson represents the
defense. A Jury was sworn yesterday.
There are several witnesses yet to be
called and the case will be resumed on
Friday morning.
Football at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Nov. 28.— The Woodland
and Dixon High School football teams will
meet in this city on Thanksgiving. Jack
Marston, Harley Harling ana Roy Hill
house, members of Woodland's unvan
quished team of last year, will play with
the Sacramento team in the Sacramento-
Marysville game at Marysville.
Burglars Loot a Residence.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 28.— While the family
of D. M. Barker was absent attending a
funeral at noon to-day- hiB residence was
entered by burglars, who carried off con
siderable jewtlry and plate and a. small
amount of cash. There is no clew to the
robbers. • . •
Asks for a Jury Trial.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 28.— Cora L.-.WIck
ersham filed In the Superior. Court. to-day
a request -that the questions, at issue in
the contest of the will of the late I. G.
Wiekersham, the Petaluma millionaire, be
determined by a jury. The petition was
filed In behalf of her son.' Isaac G.Wick
ersham, and herself, both heirs of the
late -Frank P. Wiekersham, a son of the
dead millionaire, ,'j.he-case will come up
next month. "..,.. . , ., -
Poisoned. by Mushrooms.
PETALUM A. Nov.- 28.— Dr. Ivancovich
was this evening '.called' to Red. Hi lit to at
tend the Misses Jones,' who are 'suffering
from mushroom poisoning. The mush
rooms were eaten last night and to-day
the young Madies' became very' ill. -It"i»
believed they will recover.
Storm Damages Canneries.
VANCOUVER, Nov. 28.— Severe loss has
been' occasioned to cannery men and set
tlers along the coast of Northern British
Columbia by r*ouglv weather. V At Port-Es
slngton the warehouse of the Cunningham
cannery was swept away and seyeraf can
nory -tugs were '= more. ' or ' less damaged.
At '-• Port Simpson ;: the "I storm y prevented
vessels* leaving*, the harbor- for five days,
during which 'period.- the;* cold was in
tense. . .' .",...¦..'. '.:>..'.¦ •';;.;.-;
BRINGS LATEST DAWSON NEWS.
Miner Makes the Trip Out From
the Klondike Over the Ice.
SEATTLE. Nov. 2S.— Among the passen
gers who arrived this evening on the
pteamer Dolphin from Lynn canal was R.
W. Calderhead, the first man to come out
from Dawson over the ice. He is here to
pearch for his partner, J. S. Lancaster,
who hap mysteriously disappeared. It took
Calderhead seventeen days to come out.
The trail is in fair condition.
James Slorah. formerly a Seattle bar
tender, was convicted at Dawson recently
of murdering Pearl Mitchell. He'was sen
tenced to be hansed on March 1. The jury
returned its verdict in twenty minutes.
George St. Cyr killed James Davis, his
companion, on the trail near Hootalinqua
on Nevemher 17 during a quarrel. St. Cyr
surrendered to the police.
There is a food shortage at Bear Creek.
Reports" go even to the extent of predict
ing a famine.
Several .prominent Dawson merchants
have been arrested on a charge of selling
bad provisions.
Encounters Rough Weather.
TACOMA. Nov. 28.— The liner Energia
arrived from the Orient to-day with a
cargo of miscellaneous goods, but no pas
sengers. The steamship had a rough voy
age, running into southeasterly gales and
making only four miles an hour. The
EnergJa touched at Vl&divostock and re
ports a big rush of flour in anticipation of
the 80 per cent increase in duty.
QUARRELSOME MEXICANS
IN A STABBING AFFRAY
Jesus Medino Murders Rubio Flores
During a Saloon Brawl at '
Alamo.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 28.— A special dis
patch to the Union tells of a fatal stab
bing affray this morning in a saloon at
Alamo, Mexico, a minine camp about six
ty miles east -jf Ensenada, Lower Califor
nia. Jesus Mcdino, a young Mexican
miner, stabbed a fellow . countryman
named Rubio Flores three times in the
neck and breast. Either of the wounds
would have proved fatal and Flores lived
but a few minutes — barely lone: enough to
make it certain that Medino was the man
who wielded the knife.
Medino took to the brush immediately,
and it was only a short time before the
five rural guards of the camp were orrthe
hunt for him. It is more than likely he
will be in jail In Ensenada before to-mor
row night, though his familiarity with the
country Is likely to help him through.
The cause of the affray is not known,
but both Medino and Flores were known
to be quarrelsome. Flores was formerly
one of the Mexican rurales at the mining
camp, and while on duty killed a young
boy without any apparent cause. He was
found guilty and sentenced to six years'
imprisonment, a sentence which he fin
ished Berving.a few months ago.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Racing Season About Over on the
Cincinnati Courses.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 28.— To-morrow will
be the last day of the meeting at New
port and the end of the racing season at
the local tracks. Results:
Seven furlongs — Prince Esher won, W. G.
Welsh second, Soudana third. Time, 1:34.
Five and a half furlongs — Uterp won. Flop
second. Orrie Goan third. Time, 1:124.
Six furlon**, celling— Ben Frost won, Agitator
second. Avator third. Time, 1:29.
One mile, Belling— Etta won, Prettie Rosie
second. Baffled third. Time, 1:47.
Five and a half furlong*, selling— Lenox won.
The Covanenter second, May Cherry third.
Time. 1:11H.
Six furlongs, selling— Fairy Dell won. Ful
minate second, Aberdale third. Time, 1:19%.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.— Results at
Bennings:
Five and a half furlongs— Lexington Pirate
won. Impartial second. Give and Take third.
Time, 1:10 2-5.
MalJen two-year-olds, bIx and a half furlongs
— Amorita won. Flaneur second, SalvaJeta
third. Time, 1:25.
Hurdle handicap, mile and three-quarters—
Perion won. McFonso second. Sir Dick third.
Time, 3:24 4-5.
Mile and one hundred yards, selling— I>on
Ferguson won. Magic Light second, Charles
Estes third. Time. 1:53 1-5.
Seven furlongs— Orlenta won. Blue Bkin sec
ond. Handvice third. Time, 1:30.
Six furlongs, selling— Lady Contrary won.
Fluke second. Miss Mitchell third. Time, 1:17,
BELLS PREPARED BY THE
PmLTFPTNrE COMMISSION
Saloons on the Escolta Will Be Re
fused Renewal of Their
Licenses.
MANILA, Nov. 28.— The Philippine Com
mission has passed a bill requiring banks
, to accept deposits whether In Mexican or
In local currency, and to honor checks in
currency in which the deposits against
which they are drawn were made.
A liquor license law for Manila has been
prepared which will debar saloons on the
Escolta and some other streets from ob
taining licenses in the same locations
after the existing licenses expire. The
Commissioners and the provost marshal
Intend to relieve the Escolta of the con
gested condition, largely due to the pres
ence of so many saloons., Under the new
law the license fee will be $300 in gold and
the term fix months.
Saturday the commission will mall to
Secretary Root a report covering the first
three months' work, outlining existing
conditions, the progress made,' the present
status of affairs and the situation gener
ally, and embodying suggestions as to the
future, together with questions on certain
matters. ; . . • .
All the military on duty will' be relieved
for to-morrow. Thanksgiving day, with
the exception of necessary guards on field
duty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 28.— A contest Is'prom
ised over the estate of William B. Frue,
the capitalist, who died. In this city on
November 9. The first step was taken to
day by Public Administrator .Kell, who
filed a petition for letters of administra
tion.
Shortly after Fnie's death a deed was
filed for record in which all property; real
and personal, was left to the widow. It
was dated a week before his death. Pub
lic Administrator Kell in his petition de
clares his belief that W. B. Frue died in
testate leaving an estate worth more
than $10,000 and probably exceeding $1,000,
0U0. The estate consists of a large ranch
in Monterey County, real estate in Santa
Clara County and the State of Michigan
besides a large amount of stocks and
bonds. Mrs. Maud B. Frue, the widow
and a minor eon, Robert B. Frue are
named as the heirs. The petition has been
set for a hearing on- December 14 before
Judge Hyland.
It is said the deed made by Frue short
ly before his death will be attacked on'the
ground that he was not physically capa
ble of making it. A number of creditors
with unsecured debts are said to be inter
ested in the fight for the administration of
the estate. Mrs. Frue will resent the at
tempt of the Public Administrator, claim
ing thero is no estate of decedent,- as by
the terms of the deed it was all trans
ferred to her before his death.
WMlianvB. Frue was the son of "W B
Frue of Michigan, the inventor of the
Frue concentrator, and at his . father's
death inherited property worth $100,000 At
his death he was 31 years old. He had
lived in California for a number of years
and was interested in mining in the north
ern part of the State.
Public Administrator At
tacks a Deed Held by
the Widow.
CONTEST OVER
THE ESTATE OF
WILLIAM FRUE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELSS, Nov. 28.— The Los An
geles County members of the Legislature
are preparing to head a revolt at Sacra
mento in January against the new Cutter
redistricting bill, and unless the rebellion
is nipped In the bud Senator Cutter's pet
•measure will have a hard, time reaching
the statutes. The southern members ol
both houses have already held one meet
ing on the subject, and another is sched
uled to take place at an early day. The
sentiment thus far has not been favcrable
to the boundaries upon which the pro
posed law is founded. The Los Angeles
members say they have not been consult
ed by any one upon the proposed legisla
tion, and they are opposed to any self
constltuted committee preparing such an
important piece of legislation in advance
without the advice or consent of those
whose votes will be needed to enact the
proposed bill into a law.
So far as Los Angeles is concerned, it
will be Insisted in Sacramento that this
county constitute by itself a Congression
al district, a concession that the rest of
the State probably will.be willing to make
to this section. Should such a division be
made Ventura, Santa Barbara and San
Luis Obispo would be detached and the
former counties added to what Is now the
Seventh District and the last named : to
one of the northern districts, which prob
ably would take in Inyo, Kern, Kings,
Tulare and Stanislaus, now a part of the
present Seventh District. Riverside; San
Bernardino, Orange and San Diego coun
ties would be formed into a separate! and
entirely new district. Such a division
would mean the gain of one Congressman,
for the State, increasing the delegation to
a total of eight.
Meets the Opposition ol
Los Angeles County
Legislators.
REDISTRICTING
PLAN OF CUTTER
NOT IN FAVOR
Attendance Grows Steadily
and Visitors Are Well
Repaid.
SpeeW Dispatch to The Call.
TULARE, Nov. 28.— The foggy, disagree
able weather to-day seemed to keep no
one from the fair, for the pavilion was
filled in the afternoon and evening with
even greater crowds than yesterday. The
races at the kite-shaped track attracted
a great many people. There are about
seventy-five horses altogether at the
track, and some of the owners will keep
their animals here all winter, for they
consider the track one of the best in the
State and Tulare an ideal place for win
ter quarters.
One of the great attractions in the
pavilion is the music. A fine programme
Is rendered every afternoon and evening.
Miss May CJitchell, a finished cornet solo
ist, plays every night, and Mr. LeCourt,
one of the members of the band, does
trick bicycle riding on the stage. .
The stock exhibit at the racetrack is
not . large, but some fine animals are
shown. There are pure-bred hogs of the
Poland China, Essex and Berkshire
varieties, Jersey and Durham cows and
calves and stallions, mares and colts. To
morrow will be the great days for the
farmers, as there will be a parade of all
the stock at the track.
The children's display of fancy work
under the supervision of Mrs. Abercrom
ble Is much admired.
To-morrow evervbody and his wife are
coming to Tulare for Thanksgiving.
Fresno has chartered a full train, and
excursions will be run from Hanford,
Bakerstteld and Vlsalia on all the rail
roads. The principal attraction will be
the football game between the Fresno
and Tulare high schools. More than a
thousand people are expected from Fresno
to root for their team.
GREAT CROWDS
LOOK IN UPON
TULARE'S FAIR
y. t-g. ARTSVILLE, Nov. 28.-The re3
l\VAl ldence of G - H - Kimball at,
/ \ V 11 Yuba City will be the scene'of *
A V )V a pretty wedding ceremony at
11 o'clock on the morning ! of
Thanksgiving day, when Mr. KlmbaU's .
sister, Miss May Kimball, will become the
bride of E. B. Collins of Chtco. Rev. Mr.
White, pastor of the Presbyterian church
in Chico,"will officiate.
It is to be a "pink and white" wedding,
the entire interior of the Kimball resi
dence having been beautifully decorated
in these colors. Two hundred invitations
have been Issued. Miss Gertrude Gray of
Sutter County will be bridesmaid and Guy
T. Jackson, a young attorney of Chico,
the groomsman.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins will take their de
parture on the afternoon train for a tour,
of the southern part of the State and ex
pect to be absent about two weeks. At
the end of their honeymoon they Will
make their home in Chlco. ¦ '. .
E. B. Collins is a rising young attorney
of Chico. The bride-to-be is the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Kimball of. Yuba
City. She is a graduate of the Chico Nor
.mal School, in which institution she aft
erward held a position as instructor. Miss
Kimball is «win6ome and accomplished and
is one of the most popular young ladies of
this section of California.
To -Plight His "Troth Tbis Day With Miss May XjiQball, Graduate of
and Instructor in tr)e State Normal Scbool.
SERVE WARNING UPON CAPTORS
?—^ —
Trouble Results From the Death of a
Workman for Which the Yankees
Are Declared to Be
Responsible.
Pi>ec!al Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Nov. 28.— Pedro Garcia, a
Mexican residing here, has received a pri
vate letter from Guaymas bearing the
news that five Americans at the lime of
the writing were in jail and their live.3 in
jeopardy. In a small town some distance
soutfi of Guaymas, near the Sinaloa'ca
nal. They are charged with the killing of
a Mexican who, in reality, mot death a3
the result of an accident.
.The Americans have been friendly with
the Yaqui Indians, who are rumerous in
that section, and only the fear of the In
dians kept the Mexicans from killing the
Americans rather than imprisoning them.
The Yaquls in that vicinity are peace
able, but are prone to quarrel with the
Americans when gibed about their unsuc
cessful revolutions against the Mexican
Government.
The present trouble arose over atten
tions paid by the Americans to Mexican
renoritas. It Is said that about three
weeks ago one of the Americans had a
fight with a Mexican named Ramon, who
was employed in the same crew on con
struction work. The following day a der
rick dropped on Ramon, ; causing his
death. Two Americans, one of them
named Wells, were in charge of the der
rick, and the. Mexicans claimed that the
casualty was intentionally made possible.
Wells and his comrade explained that the
occurrence was purely accidental, but
their protests were useless, and the Mexi
cans, after filling up on native intoxi
cants, grew furious and announced their
intention of shooting at least the two men
in charge of the derrick. The Yaqui work
men thereupon sided with the Americans
and announced their intention of prevent
ing the shooting, even at the expense of
wiping out the Mexican portion of the vil
lage. The Mexicans weakened somewhat
in their threats and it has not been
learned here whether the Americans were
released or are still held captive and
awaiting trial.
¦ In the early days of the Taqul revolu
tion against Mexico the Indians were dis
posed to treat the Americans suspiciously,
and In many cases cruel treatment and
even the murder of white men were re
ported: but during their wars with Mex
ico the Americans have discreetly re
frained from interference, with the result
that the Indians now favor the Americans.
Yaqui Indians Prevent the
. Execution of the
• Prisoners.
MEXICANS HOLD
FIVE AMERICANS
IN CAPTIVITY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN* RAFAEL. Nov. £S.— For six hours
Felix Aszevedo. with 341 Injured shoulder
end a ber.urabed body, clung to a heavy
timber and driftrd whither tide and wind
willed in the waters of the ocean off the
Marin t-hore yes^rday afternoon. That
he is alive to-day is <3ue to tte fact that
he drifted on Moss Hock, the cheerltss
hospitality of which he accepted with all
the speed his crippled and exhausted con
dition would pt-rmit. Here he passed a
dreadful night. Injured and almost dead
trom exposure, he clung: to the mossy and
jagged edges of his desolate refuge. His
rigid lingers were welded to the rock. All
r.ight long the salt spray feil upon him.
sending 11s. chill to the marrow of hi?
bot.es. Occasionally great waves broke
ever the rock, beating the body of the un
fortun-ite man against its rough surface.
At 7 o'clock th:s morning passing Ital
ian fishermen took Aszevedo from the
rock more dead than alive and placed him
aboard a smack. I-ut-r they landed him
at the sandspit above Willow Camp,
v. i.cie a party of marchers removed him
LO his home.
Aszevedo. who lives about :i mile below
Willow Camp, launched his boat yester
day afternoon and started to collect some
planking that evidently had been washed
from the deck of some passing lumber
wssel. His quest carried him out a con
siderable distance from shore. In his de
sire to add to his lumber pile on the
beach he did not notice an approaching
squall.
From what could be learned from the
injured man, a heavy pea crushed n\$
boat against a larpe timber to which he
was trying to make fast. The boat was
wrecked and he was compelled to cling
to the tossing- timber for his life. It was
here that his shoulder was injured, and
he Fays that the pain more than once
nearly caused him to faint. The accident
occurred at 5 o'clock in the afternoon and
the timber to which he clung tossed about
on the sea until nearly 10 o'clock latt
night. lie says he thought that he was
miles out to f=ea when he floated under
the shadows of Moss Rock. It took him
a long time to climb Its slippery side. The
great timber that had saved his life
pounded and beat against the rock for
many hours and more than once threat
ened his life.
In the morning, througti the heavy fog,
the sound of a human voice fell upon his
ear. Too exhausted to sit erect or an
swer the call, he lay as one dead. Two
fishermen drew up under the rock and
soon had the unfortunate in their smack,
•where they did all that was possible for
him. Some dry clothing, a vigorous rub
binp cf his body and a little wine Jld
much to revive him. H< was taken to the
pandsprit above Willow Camp and turned
over to a party of searchers, who had
given him up for lost and were looking
for his body.
Aezevedo is in a precarious condition as
the result of his experience, and his re
covery is doubtful.
Injured and Numb From Cold, He
Hangs to Its Bleak Side
Throughout an Entire
Night.
FINDS REFUGE ON MOSS ROCK.
Felix Aszevedo's Awful Ex
perience Off tlie Marin
Coast.
CLINGS TO LOG
FOR HOURS IN
A HEAVY SEA
ATTORNEY E. B. COLLINS OF CHICO WILL
WED A CH ARMING MISS OF YUBA CITY
..... . - . . . . . . ._ . . . . ....... .-..•-..¦- . - . .-- . .,-¦-¦-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJ^t, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1900.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS^
"~tiow
MANY
DOCTORS
HAVE YOU TRIED? j
And rnw many «vorthles% so-
called free, or trial treatments,
and other worthless money-giab-
Ding schemes have you endan-
gered your health with?
Why not grasp the friendly hand
which Dr. Meyers & Co., the
great specialists for men, now ex-
tend to you ? During the past 20
years these reliable physicians
havecured thousandsof men whose
condition was far worse than yours.
The great majority of the large
number of patients they are an-
nually? restoring i to, "health anl.
strength come at the recommenda- 5
tion of friend > who had been cured
by them. Experience and ski'l
alone have brought Dr. Mayers &
Co. into fame and popularity.
Their institution is the largestand
best equipped, their effective rem-
edies are never harmful, and they
do not treat incurable cases.^
Dr. Meyers & Co.'s "Bank De-
posit Guarantee" insures the re-
turn of money if patients are not^ -*
satisfied.
For fu'l particulars, private book-
let, etc. , call or write. All our pre-
script ions are carefully compounded
by competent pharmacists in pri-
vate laboratory, free to patients.
No charge for consultation and
advice at office or by mail.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market Street Js. F. _
'¦_, . ... Hours, 8 to 5 dally.
Take Iterator. Evenings, 7 to 8.
Sundays, 9 to if.
OIL!
IOOO shares of . Pacific Crude Oil
Company's stock, operating- in tha
McKittrick and Sunset Districts,
now boring their second well, with
non-assessable stock, having been
incorporated under the laws of Ari-
zona, which provides (THAT PRI-
VATE PROPERTY IS EXEMPT 1 \
FROM CORPORATE DEBT) Arizona
law. 15c per share on easy terms.
Apply at the office of JAMES R. T.
MERSHON, Oil, Land and Stock
Broker, 537-538-539 Parrott Bldg.
25 °/o OFF
Seed & Cramer Plates, 4x3 of
50c— 5«7 at 83c.
20°/oQFF
Kodaks— Premo, Poco Cameras
Until further notice.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
OPT.C.AN5^>£ =1 *
642 Market 5t. instruments
UNDER CH80WCU BUILDING. CATALOGUE FREE.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters i
ISA" GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIOORA-
tor ajid Nervine. • • - .
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Spectet
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, .for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid.
neys and Bladder. Sells on Us own merit*.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
K3 Market st.* S.. F^—iSeaa for Clrcui«i4 _
' To Cure a -Cold in "One '-.Day.' V
Take Laxative Bromo - Quinine .Tablets. . All
drug-gists refund the money if It falls to cure.
E. \V. Grove's sisnature Is oa each box. 25c, •
Pears'
What- a luxury Pears'
soap is!
It, is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all the.
world.
All torts of fcople use h, all torts of stores
. sell it, especially druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SURPRISING RESULTS.
A Simple Internal Remedy Makes
Remarkable Cures of Catarrh.
People who have used sprays, inhalers,
ealvfe and washes for catarrh and havo
found how useless and Inconvenient they
are, "will be agreeably surprised at results
following the use of a pleasant, internal
remedy in tablet form; druggists every-
where admit that Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets, which they sell at 50 cents for full
sized treatment, is the safest, most ef-
fective and popular of all catarrh rem-
edies.
Nearly all cheap cough mixtures and
throat lozenges -contain opiates; theso
cheap medicines give a temporary relief,
especially with little children, by destroy-
ing nerve eensatlon; the irritation in
throat, which causes coughing. Is tem-
porarily removed, not by. removing the
cause, but by deadening the nerves of
feeling the irritation Is not felt although
it is Ptlll there and will promptly return.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets is the be*t
remedy to remove catarrhal secretion,
whether in the nose, throat or Ptomach.
because they are compoRed of whole."
fome antiseptics like Cucolyptol. Guaia-
col, Fanguinaria and Hydrastln; when you
u?e th<°se tablet? you know what you "are
putting Into your system and not taking
chances with cocaine, opiates or similar
poisons found in so many catarrh cures
and cnugh medicines.
Dr. Ramsdell In commenting on catarrh
cures says: -"I can heartily recommend
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, because they
contain no cocaine nor other dangerous
drug found in so many advertised ca-
tarrh cures. I have known of many cases
of long standing catarrh of the head and
throat completely cured by the daily use
of these tablets for several weeks. One
cate in particular, which I could not
reach with an inhaler or epray and where
the catarrh caused daily headaches and
a noticeable loss of hearing was entirely
cured by this harmless but effective
remedy." .
Dr. Wainwrlght says: "iliever hesitate
to prescribe Stuart's Catarrh Tablets for
cataxrhal headaches and catarrhal deaf-
sess because I know them to be perfectly
eafe for child or adult and have seen
many remarkable cures resulting from
their regular daily use; because they are
advertised and Bold In drugstores Is no
reason why any good physician should
not use them, because we should seize
upon the means of cure wherever found."
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are
valuable for catarrhal colds In children
because they are pleasant to the taste
and may be used freely to break up severe
colds and croup at the very beginning.
All druggists sell the remedy at 60 cents
for full sized package.
A little book on cause and cure of ca-
tarrh mailed free by addressing the F. A.
fctuart Co., Marshall, Mich. ,SENTIMENT REGARDING
THE ISLE OF PINES
Has Always Been Considered a Part
of Cuba and Was Governed
From Havana.
HAVANA, Nov. 2S.— With reference to
the suggestion that the United States will
claim the Isle of Pines the Discussion
says: •
"It Is either a canard or a feeler. If the
latter, then it is unworthy of the United
States. To attempt such a rapacious rob
bery would be brutal aggression. If Cuba
Is to be free, so -ought the Isle of Pines to
be. Cuba should be regarded as a whole.
The Isle of Pines has always been consid
ered a part of Cuba and has been, under
the government of the province of Ha
vana. The people there were allowed to
vote at the election and the Spaniards
there had the privilege of inscribing, in
connection with the declaration of nation
ality."
KILLS STEPCHILD
WITH A HOT IRON
Brutal Deed of a Kentucky Man, Who
Is Now Fleeing From
Officers.
LOUISVILLE, Nov. 28.— A special from
Ashland, Ky.. says: William Gibson ran
a redhot poker down the throat of his 2
year-old stepdaughter In Cattlettsburg
The child died. Gibson then set fire to an
adjoining building and fled. Officers are
in pursuit. '"' Vr. ?V:jj' v > ; V'-i l
The Harbor Commissioners held an Im
portant meeting yesterday. The bonds of
R. H. Wakefield, the contractor for the
new wharves to be built between Union
and Lombard streets, .were accepted, ; the
United - States Fidelity and Guarantee
Company qualifying in the Bum of $164,000.
Wakefleld came here from Oregon and un
derbid the local contractors. . In conse
quence a careful scrutiny of everything in
connection with the affair was made by
the unsuccessful bidders.
The Panama' Railroad Company applied
! for a wharf. The representative or the
company stated that next month the rail
road would be in active opposition I to the
, Pacific Mail. The steamer St. Paul has
Those of the Pacific Mail.
Secures Dock Facilities Adjoining
President Tweed of the Pacific Mail was
reticent to-day when asked about the pos
sibility of reaching an understanding with
the Panama Railroad. He said that It
was purely a question of making the best
use of their ships, a number of which have
been running to Central - American and
Mexican points. \
PANAMA COMPANY'S WHARF.
The Panama Railroad has partially ar
ranged for a 6teamship line of its own be
tween Panama and San Francisco. It has
chartered one steamship and is negotiat
ing for several more.
For traffic between the United j States
and Central American and Mexican points
and Europe and Central American and
Mexican points the Panama Railroad had
made working agreements with two dif
ferent steamship lines, and under this
agreement the latter will take the place of
the Pacific Mail Company In this traffic.
The business between New York and
Colon is now carried by vessels of the
Panama line, and this will continue at any
event. The steamship companies with
which the Panama Railroad has conclud
ed arrangements are understood to be the
Pacific Steam Navigation Company and
the South American or Chilean line, which
has already extended its service north
ward to Ban Francisco. Up to this time
they have stopped at Mexican points. Ac
cording to the terms now demanded by
the Panama Railroad, the Pacific Mail
Company will have to stand on the same
footing as the other steamship companies.
The officers of the Pacific Mail, on the
other hand, are not at all disturbed by the
preparations of the Panama Railroad.
They are preparing to strike back. If no
agreement is reached they could run
steamships into Guaymas, on the Gulf of
California, and there transfer traffic r to
the Sonora Railroad, which is controlled
by the Southern Pacific. Then the busi
ness would go by the Southern Pacific to
Galveston. whence it would be taken to
New York by the Morgan line. Mr. Hunt
ington for a long time had such a project
in mind, and, now that the Pacific Mail
Company Is controlled absolutely by the
Southern Pacific, it is possible that It will
be put into execution. The haul by rail
over the Southern Pacific would be more
expensive .than by water transportation
and if it came to a rat© war the Panama
people think they would have the advan
tage.
On the other hand, the Southern Pacific
asserts the advantage of prompter deliv
ery. The merchants of California are in
terested in seeing a rival line started and
they prefer that the Panama Railroad
Bhould make a deal with other steamship
lines, so as to get as low rates as pos
sible. They are disposed to furnish capi
tal, If necessary, to establish a new
steamship company to connect with the
Panama Railroad.
NEW TORK, Nov. 29.— The Mail and
Express says: All signs point to a lively
fight between the Panama Railroad and
Pacific Mail Steamship companies after
the termination of their five-year agree
ment on December 16. The same difficul
ties have come up which confronted them
five years ago and there is little likelihood
of their Reaching an understanding.
The Panama Railroad, it is understood,
refused to give the Pacific Mail Company
the exclusive right, as against other
steamers, to traffic carried over, the isth
mus. The Panama Railroad also insists
on a larger share of revenue than it has
received under the old agreement.
The story of the Panama road with
drawing from its agreement with the Pa
cific Mail, the Southern Pacific entering
into the competition in transcontinental
freight, the Mail Company laying up three
of its steamers aaid the consequent gen
eral freight war has already been told.
The charter of the St. Paul and the secur
ing of wharf room by the Pznama Rail
road Company is only the latest phase of
the affair. ,
The Commissioners rejected all bids for
the treatment of piles to be used in the
construction of Berry-street wharf. . The
board decided that as the extension of tha
seawall was only the question of a year,
perhaps months, the use of piles specially
prepared was not necessary. Ordinary
piles will be used. , .
The railroad was offered the use of Lom
bard-street wharf, but refused, as the
wharf is not a grood place for an ocean
steamer to lay up at. Then the Alaska
Packers' Association came to the rescue.
It has little use for its wharf at Fremont
street during the winter months, and
President Fortmann when consulted
agreed to allow the railroad people to use
it until further orders. The rival lines
will thus be side by side for pome time to
come.
been chartered from the Alaska Commer
cial Company and will be put on the run,
and other steamers will be secured as re
quired.
LONDON, Nov. 28.— Baron Speck von
Sternberp. the German first secretary of
the Embassy at Washington, recently
promoted to Consul for Germany at Cal
cutta, has written to United States Era
bassador Choate, asking him to procure
a special license for his marriage to Miss
Lillian May Langham, a niece of Arthur
Langham of Louisville, Ky., to whom he
will be married as soon as he arrives In
this city.
Bride Will Be Miss Lillian Langham,
a Niece of Arthur Langham
of Louisville.
BARON VON STERNBERO
TO WED AN AMERICAN
der by a jury «n Judge Tuley's court. No
vak stabbed and killed his companion. Al
bert Olsen, during a quarrel oh Septem
ber 17.
Novak will be sent to the Pontiac Re
formatory under the Indeterminate act,
where he will be confined until he is re
leased on parole or sent to the State pris
on when he is of age. Novak is said to be
the youngest murderer ever convicted in
Cook County. -
Funeral of G. "W. Wilson.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.— The funeral
of the late George W. Wilson. Commis
sioner 'of Internal Revenue, was held at
the Riggs House here to-day. The service*
were attended by Columbia Commandery
No. 2, K. T.. a delegation of Templars
afterward escorting the remains to the
Pennsylvania depot. The party started
at 3 o'clock for Jiamilton, Ohio, where
the interment will take place.
Richard Novak, Fourteen Years of
Age, Found Guilty of Killing
' a Companion.
CHICAGO. Nov. 28.-Richard Novak,
aged 14, was to-day. found guilty of rhur-
YOUTH IS CONVICTED
OF BRUTAL MURDER
More Than Two Hundred Cases Have
Bien Reported and the Town
Is Quarantined.
SIOUX CITY. Iowa, Nov. 28.— A special
from Onawa. Iowa, says there are 235
cases of smallpox in and about Decatur,
Neb. The ferry-boat plying between De
catur and Onawa has been stopped by the
authorities. Nine doctors and officers of
the State Board of Health are attending
the patients and looking after quarantine
restrictions. Decatur is at the end of the
Winnebago and Omaha Indian reserva
tions, and it is affirmed that fully 100 In
dians are afflicted. The situation is alarm-
Ing. Many deaths have occurred, every
member of one family near Silver Creek,
Neb., being reported dead.
SMALLPOX EPIDEMIC
IN AND ABOUT DECATUR
"WASHINGTON. Nov. 28.— At a confer
ence to-day between the Secretary of War
and members of the Senate and House
Military Committees the basis of the army
organization bill was agreed upon along
the line published in The Call on Tues
day morning. A bill will be introduced in
each branch of Congress providing for an
army with a minimum strength of 52,000
men when on a peace footing, and a maxi
mum strength of 98,000. The President, in
his discretion, pan enlist 12,000 Filipinos,
making the American force at least 86,000
mm. The bill will be reported to the
House by the Military Committee within
a few days after Congress convenes, and
an effort will be made to rush the measure
through both houses before the holiday
adjournment.
The War Department authorities will
Immediately begin preparations for the
organization of the new establishment.
About 18,000 men of the proposed army
will be artillery.
BASIS OF THE ARMY
ORGANIZATION BILL
Effort Will Be Made to Rush It
Through Both Houses Before
Holiday Adjournment.
Marilao River.
TOPEKA, Kars.. Nov. 28.— Captain E.
J. Hardy of the Twentieth Kansas de
nounces the publication in the new history
of Kansas of the statement that "Colonel
Frederick Funston swam the Marilao
River" and captured eighty prisoners dur
ing that regiment's campaign in the Phil
ippines.
Captain Hardy has taken the matter up
with Frank Nelson, State Superintendent
and chairman of the State Textbook
Board, and asks that proper credit be
given to Hardy and Privates Jack Hunts
men and Wiley of Company H, who he
claims swam the river and returned with
a boat, in which Colonel Funston later
crossed.
Mr. Nelson has written to the publisher
of the history. E. P. Greer of Winfield,
suggesting that an investigation be made,
and if Captain Hardy's contention is bus
tair.ed later editions of the history be re
viped according.
Captain Hardy is a resident of Salina
and travels in the Interest of the Missouri
Pacific Railway. His father Is general su
perintendent of the road, with headquar
ters at Sedalia, Mo.
Captain E. J. Hardy Says Colonel
Funston Did Not Swim the
OBJECTS TO STATEMENTS
IN HISTORY OF KANSAS
Refuses to Renew Its Contract and
Threatens to Run a, Rival Line.
PANAMA COMPANY MAY
FIGHT PACIFIC MAIL
Frederick Vallette McNair was born In
Pennsylvania, January 13. 1S39: entered
the navy as acting midshipman September
21. 1853, and graduated as midshipman.
United States Naval Academy. June 10.
1S57; passed midshipman June 25, 1S60, and
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.— Rear
Admiral Frederick V. McNair
died at his residence in this
city to-day from a stroke of
apoplexy. He had been in
poor health for many months. Yesterday
he was taken violently ill and to-day his
condition became so critical that his at
tending physician called Into consultation
Dr. Stone, one of the naval surgeons, but
the admiral slowly sank away. He was
the ranking rear admiral of the navy and
the officer next In line to Admiral Dewey.
After the war he served on many sta
tions and assignments, commanded the
United States naval force and the Asiatic
station from Dfcembor, 1S95. to January,
1S98. and since July. 1S9S. has been Super
intendent of the L'nited States Naval
Academy at Annapolis, Md.
During the Civil War he participated in
much active war service, including en
gagements and pass-age of Forts Jackson
and St. Philip, Chalmette batteries, and
capture of New Orleans, and in the open
ing up of the Mississippi River and pass
age of the Vicksburg batteries and the en
gagements at and surrender r of Fort
Fisher.
master October 24, I860; lieutenant, April
18, 1S61; lieutenant commander, April 20,
1864: commander January 29, 1S72; captain,
October 30, 1SS3; commodore. May 10, 1S95,
and rear admiral, 1S98.
REAR ADMIRAL FREDERICK V. McNAIR, WHO DIED AT HIS HOME
IN WASHINGTON FROM A STROKE OF APOPLEXY. HE RANKED
NEXT TO ADMIRAL DEWEY IN THE NAVY.
DES MOINES. Iowa. Nov. 2S.-The
Grand Jury to-day voted not to Indict
Mips Mattie Maish. who shot and killed
AMUiam Foster two months ago. Miss
Maish Teas betrayed under promise of
marriage, and the members of the jury
held that the shooting was Justified.
Shooting Justifiable.
Truth, which has always shown itself
particularly well informed as to diplo
matic affairs, rays it is probable Queen
Victoria will offer a viscounty or an earl
dom to Lord Pauncefote, the British Era
bassador at Washington, on his retirement
from the diplomatic service in recognition
of his successful embassy, adding, "all the
more as this mark of royal favor will be
much appreciated In the United States."
There Is some comment here on the ar
rival In London of Sir Henry Howard, the
British Minister at The Hague. It is of
ficially explained that Sir Henry is taking
a holiday, but it is admitted that his
presence In this city is not altogether un
connected with the approaching arrival of
Mr. Kruger at the capital of Holland and
the promised demonstrations, which, nat
urally, will be very embarrassing to the
British representative were he at the
Dutch capital.
Earldom for Pauncefote.
A Paris special says: The recent con
ferences between the powers concerned
assure the reassembling of the beet sugar
conference at Brussels. The last confer
ence came to naught on account of the
stand by Russia and France. It Is be
lieved these difficulties have been elim
inated. The new conference, the object of
which is the abolition of the sugar boun
ties, is likely to have definite results.
Sir Henry's Mission.
The Lord Chief Justice's Court wa-5 oc
cupied with determining whether the late
William i-,. Wfnans, formerly of Balti
more, Md.. was a domiciled resident of
Great Rritain when he died in 1837. This
question is being tested on account of a
legacy of £2000 willed to his sister-in-law.
Ellen Delarse, on which the crown claims
a legacy duty. As the Attorney General
smilingly remarked, the decision, of
course, will affect the whole of Mr.
Winan's millions, and counsel for the
crown proceeded to recount the estates
and shootings leased by Mr. Winans, on
¦which he lavished enormous sums of
monev,- including £70,090 on the shooting
leased from Lord Lovat, "constituting."
contended the Attorney General, "ample
proof of his settlement in this country."
Walter Winans testified that his father
always regarded Baltimore as his home.
The court finally decided in favor of the
crown and against Winans.
The Beet Sugar Conference.
Later reports show that sixteen were
killed and between thirty and forty
wounded, five being very seriously in
jured. The disaster has rendered the vil
lage the scene of intense mourning.* The
condition of the rescued bodies Is ap
palling. Most of them are torn in such a
way as to be scarcely recognizable.
Winans Case Decided.
LONDON, Nov. 28.— A Paris special
says: A dispatch from Aniche, near
Douai, says a quantity of dynamite at the
bottom of one of the coal mines there ex
ploded to-day from an unknown cause.
Twelve dead miners and eight injured
have been removed and eighteen are not
accounted for.
Many of the Victims Mangled Be
yond Recognition and Two
Score Receive Serious
Injury.
Dynamite in a French Coal
Mine Causes a Terrible
Disaster.
SIXTEEN KILLED
BY AN EXPLOSION
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Nov. 28.-A11 gossip
a? to changes in the Cabinet, other than
re:!:ement of Attorney General Griggs on
March 4 and the appointment of his suc
cessor, is idle. No further changes are ex
pected.
Secretary of State Hay. Secretary of the
Treasury Gage. Secretary of War Root.
Secretary of the Navy Long. Postmaster
SSHSf* 1 u lh J Secrel ary of the Interior
Hitchcock and Secretary of Agriculture
1\uson ha\'e all told the President, in re
f?o-se to his invitation, that they were
villing to remain after his second term
tegins.
Mr. Smith made known his intentions a
cay of two ago. and Mr. Root did so on
fc:s return from Cuba. The President has
expressed himself as much gratified. He
l» Jfull looking for an Attorney General,
f.r.d there is no foundation for the report
that \\ ayne MacVeagh will be offered the
portfolio.
Sp«>ciaJ Dispatch to Tne Call.
2Jo Foundation for the Eumor That
Wayne MacVeagh Will Be
the Next Attorney
General
All Other Members of Cabi
net Will Retain Their
Present Positions.
GRIGGS THE ONLY
MAN TO RETIRE
From Los Angeles— E. Knight and S. N.
Loring. at Grand Union; H. C. Fisher, at
Imperial; C. W. Jenks, at Broadway Cen
tral; W. K. Leckner. at Sturtevant-
The following Californians are in New
Tork: From San Francisco — W. Baker
and wife and P. S. Baker, at Holland; Dr.
B. N. Dow and wlf«, at Imperial; W.
Shaw, at Park Avenue; C. C. Woodworth,
at St. Denis.
Charles D. Hughes and Ira D. Godfrey,
who are said to have conducted a discre
tionary pool brokerage business in this
city, have been arrested. The charge
against i.iem is grand larceny and they
were 5 arraigned on that charge to-day.
Specific complaints against them were
made by J. T. Amsberg, an- attorney of
Defiance, Ohio, and August Irmsur of
Brooklyn. Amsberg, however, made a
settlement and withdrew from the prose
cution. Irmsur is still a complainant and
says his claim Is for $239. Captain Mc-
Cluskey of the detective bureau says
Hughes was arrested on November 28,
1S99, and ia now under $5090 bonds. At
that time there were many complainants
and one was a Swedish servant girl. Af
ter he was liberated under bond. Captain
MoCluskey said, Hughes went into busi
ness with Godfrey, who claims to be a
member of the New York Stock Exchange.
A lawyer named Zaring was counsel for
the principal complainants against
Hughes when he was arrested in 1899. Ha
is now counsel for Hughes and Godfrey.
Famous Trotter Sold:
At the Fasig-Tipton horse sale to-day
the famous trotter. Axtell, was soM to G.
H., Barlow of Binghamton for 514,700.
Californians in New York. .
Charles M. fiays, the new. president of
the Southern Pacific, had a conference
with Chairman Tweed to-day. Mr. Hays
will return to his home in Montreal to
night, and early In December he will start
on a leisurely trip across the continent to
San Francisco, accompanied by Southern
Pacific officers.
Charges Against Brokers.
"Nothing new has happened in that re
spect. These two railroad companies arc
working harmoniously, but without any
alliance or agreement. . We hope that the
friendly relations now existing will con
tinue."
Asked about the report that a close mu
tuality of interest had been formed be
tween the Southern Pacific and the Union
Pacific railroads, Air. Tweedsald:
"I do not know anything: about a new
banking interest coming into this prop
erty. Certainly no. arrangements have
been made for tne sale of the Huntington
shares to any other interest. Those shares
are not for sale and so far as I am able
to judge at present, the Huntington hold
ings of Southern Pacific stocK will be
kept intact."
Charles H. Tweed, chairman of the
Southern Pacific directors and one of the
executors of Collis P. Huntington' s es
tate, said:
NEW YORK, Nov. 28.— In explanation
of. the activity of Southern Pacific Rail
way shares in the stock market, a rumor
was ; circulated to-day that a powerful
banking Interest not hitherto Identified
with the Southern Pacific nor with the
transcontinental railroad situation had
arranged to acquire either all or a large
part of the Huntingdon shares.
Denial Made by Chairman Tweed,
Who Also Says That an Alliance
Is Not Being Formed With
the Union Pacific.
Rumor That Banking Inter
est Will Acquire Shares
Left by Huntington.
SEEKING STOCK OF
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Siberia is no longer ¦ to be a ; penal colony.
The Imperial decree abolishing the former
status 1« the result of the building of the
Trans-Siberian Railroad. 'Nothing can compare
to the rapid settlement of the vast Siberian
plains by the lnrushlng ' farmers, unless It be
the . rapid growth achieved by that famous
dyspepsia cure. - Hostetter's Stomach Bittern.
Try It for, constipation, .Indigestion, dyspepsia,
bllicusness or flatulency. If you T would be well."
Siberian Prisons Abolished.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1900.
ADMIRAL McNAIR IS
CALLED TO FINAL REST
Has Participated in Many Engagements and
/. KankS'lNext to Uewey.
3
Women as Well as Men Suffer. and Are Made Miserable
by Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
KIDNEY TROUBLE
PREYS UPON THE MIND.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE OWL DRUG CO., 112? Market it.
P»^nd rr<- in Sc etamps to W. F. McBurney.
M R. Srrin«r et., \y* Anceles, Cal.. for a
t»\r- treatment. Prepaid $150. Drugclfta.
PAIILBENDER DRUG CO.. 214 Kearoy «t-.
AND AT
FOR SALE AT
j^^^^b. one piinre
rw^K B0TTLE LURES
/ a MCBURNEY'S
S— A *yW A thorough cure for
&{ v ~ pains in the back,
C J*. BRICHT'S DISEASE,
3^>. 21 r /^ female troubles, incon-
'iueare Of arlne. brick dn*t deposits bed-
vrettiug of children, pravel, gall stones,
<lror*y. dfabete*:. en«! rheum atiEm.
v,> will pay J25 to ary one who caanot b*
'i;;ed with one box or VERUS FILK CURE
I'lice J2.
Over toon cures. No claimant for reward.
"I arn turs my ca*e of piles w«» as bad a*
• r.jr caae oocld be. I bad them fifteen years
•nd tried all sorts of remedies. I «*w. th»
Veru, Pile Cure advertlaed. bought a box. with
little hop* of a cure. Imagine my lurprlM
when flv« applications cured tne. It I" tb»
te«t tn the world. J. MOIIRISON.
"Salt L«k# City. Utah."
fERUS PILE CURE CO., RE 226, Wilson DM
Or Olica.-t.cn Drur Co.. Agenta, Loa Angeles.
-Sh. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure cl GONORRHOEA, GLEET8.
fcJRICTCRKS and anaJosTOUs complaint* of tte
Or r»na of Generation.
Fries U a, bottla. For sal* by 6ro«iat» -^
TO ORDER—
All-Wool Cheviot Suits 9in.JiO f3O.OO
Dressy Overcoats 1.1.RO 4O.OO
Dressy Suits ..: 20.00 50.00
201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
1110 and 1112 Market 8t..
San Francisco.
. 143 S. Sprins et.,
Los Angeles.
JOS PUHEIM, The Tailor.
WOOLENS,
Specially interestlne Kooda are shown in our
new arrivals of
BUSINESS SUITS,
P. F.. December i. 1R99.— Dr. Wonr Him. 115-
137 Mason «=t.. g. F., C«l.— IVar Fir: For the
benefit cl others I v.iih to make a statement of
my cap*, which ¦was h»art trouble. After treat-
ing with Fix eminent phyrlcians my rase va.<
rironr/unc«d Incurable. H»aHn^ of Dr. Worn?
film, and his wonderful ruren. I d*»«-i<le<J to try
bfa herb treatment. He did all he claimed, an'l
Bfter treat ingr f»x months I am now well and
Ftr^ne. Yours. re*p*>«*ful]y.
MRP. BARLOW. 1C27 Mission et.. P. F.
PINOLE, June 23. 1SS9.— I take this means • f
*xprestFing my thanks 40 Dr. Wong Him. 115-
117 Mafon street. Ban Francisco, for havlnp
cured me of kidney, womb troubl* and cancel
of the stomach. I was a great sufferer for IS
years and fnun<J no permanent relief until I
tri*d Dr. Wong Him and 1n six months' time
tw? has cur*>d me. Any person wlshlnc me to
certify this can find me.
MRS. GEORGE BETZ
Pinole, Contra Costa County, O>J.
TO THE PUBLIC!
_^fWgh^ SAX FRANCISCO. Oct.
/*3W2S*J3 f . 1900.— To whom it mi;
fzSr*r"**%5 concern: This Is to certify
yyj y that DR - him of
\SS C f U5-11T Muon street, San
H' A. t Pranciseo, has cured me
SLjtfS^ i rt kidney trouble anJ
mtf^ f rheumatism and I am
JF?T*±~_J^ harry ' n mak» thl«> «rat»-
>©l?*7 1 *^ J5^w ro'-nt, as I find tbe Doctor
C£Tc.3 > **v-*"#?iwkV^» strictly hon«-5t in everj'
v~r.?~ of th* word dfid en
*****-«•»}'. V?%rv** honorable man In all his
dpalins*. DR. C. A. OAT. Dentist, 9C2 Second
•.ve.. Seattle, Wash.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
«
KOIITKXKM t'AVIVtV COMP4B1.
(PACIFIC 8TMTKM.)
Train* l*i%««> t»ml art tin* to nrrlv* •»!
. NAN riUNCIIM'O.
(Ifftln Line. F«ot of Market Street)
IBayx — From Kotkmbkr 7, 1900. — axkot
•7:00a BenicU. Suisao, Elmln, VacaTlil*.
Banuwy and Maorsmmto.. *7r43p
•7iOOa BhMta Exprrts— IHrla, WiUitmi(fi>r
Btrtlett SprlopX Wllioai. Re4
Blufl. Portland. *7r45p
•7iJl»* Mkrtluez, San Ramou, Vallejo. N»v»,
Caltntr^* anil Santa Hoia *«i19p
•»:O« a I>«tU. Woodland. Knigbta L*ndlng.
M»ry»Tl)le, Oro.Jlle *7>4ap
• Mi««* AHaotla Ki press— Ogdeii ajad Cut <3:45p
•liMt Nflet. Llfermore. Tr»cj. lAthrop,
Stockton... •Ttiaj
•••••a San Jo«e, Li'ermore. Stoektoo.
lone, Bmcrauifiito. PlaenTUl*.
> - Mar7«»llle. Chloo. ltod ltluff Mil»r
•«t»»A Oakdalt, Ohlaeee, Horora. Carton... "tildr
•»:••» H*jwanls. Nile* aud Way Htationg. •! I>4Aa
•«i*»ilc9 Angelee Ezpren — Martlnes.
Tracy, Lattirop. ritoekton, Marerd
Freano and Lot Aogel«« *7ilSp
•StSMA V.JI^J... Martlnec kiki Way Stations *Ht4Sp
•10t»»» Tbe O»erlati«l Limited— Ogden, D«p-
rer, Omaha. Cbicagj ••i43p
•11>««» Nllrs. Stockton. Macramento. Men-
doU. Fresno. Hanford, Vlsalia,
Porr«r»IUe Miiap
'Hitai Ltrermore. Hanger. Goshen Jon*-
tion, Bakenfleld. Los Angclea
? li»»p Sacr«in«ii».«» Kl»er Sle.ii»i»r«... t3:0«A
•8:«0p Hayirarun. Niles auil Way BUtloni. *S:4ap
MhAUr MmHiich. Ha» lUinoii. Vallejo.
N ><i>a. «!«ll«»ou». •>»!!«» Kot» •»iU»
•liNr Bentoia, Winters, Baoramento.
Wno'llaiiO, Knlglits Lauding,
M»rjs*ille, Orntllla •IO:«»*
•4 = 5<»p Hsyward*. Nile* and flan .Tnae fS-t-^A
•3:OOc Niiet. LUermore aod 8tocktoa *IOt43A
aSiOOp »uc»et Liailled. El P«f». New
Orleans and Kact..... cIOiISa
•3iOOpThe Owl Mmlteil— Tracy. Fresno.
BaVc r»ael<l. Uaugus for HanU Bar-
barn, !<>• An«elea... *I»iia»
•S»«»p New Orleani Eipreas— llakersnelil,
KauU Iturtiaia. lrfjs Angales. Hem-
Int. Bl l'a*o. New Orleans and
Hit Ti-is*
•6t«»p Barwards, Nile* and San Jose •7i«. j »a
ISiOOr Vullejo •ll«434
•MtOurOifantal Mall-OgJea. Oheyenn*.
Omaha. Chloico •»»«?
•«:*«p Oriental Mall— Ofden, Denvar,
Omaha, Chioaxo *4il3p
•7z«wP Oregon and California Kinrras. Nao-
raHMNln. Marjatllle. ItmMIng,
¦ • l*..rM-....l. C.ijBt huiimt m..l Kasl *8t43«
•Si«3p San r.b'.o. Pi>rt Cut*, MirUnes
aiii<I Vi*i Mtatlons *11>43a
l»:«3p V»llr]o 1«843a
COAST IX VISION (MarroiT Ua. R a).
tfoot of Market Street, l ._
•till»A Newark. Uriit.iwTllle.Han .Ion*. Peftno,
Boulder Orrek.Sanla Crux and Way
fjUtlmis ••i»«r
fSiiap Newark OnterTlUe, San .loss, New
Alm»ii«u, Feltou, Mnnlder Oeek,
Santa Crus and I'ritiolpal Way
Kratlot.s flWiSw*
•4sl.%r Newark. H»n ,In.««, Jm» f!at<w....i.. •»:••»«*
•Ilt48p Hunteis- Kzcorsloo, San Joaa and
W»ySt«t«ons fTrtOP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtnSl* mifllSCO-rttt *t UuUi Strut (Sli» I)—
•7:16 8:00 11:00*. u. J1:C3 *J:33 U:!J
•1:03 tS;Oa •«:03r.«. .
frmOilUIIB— fi.t «r Broi4».;.— 'fl.00 800 10.00».a.
tiaOQ '1:00 18:00- *S:C3 ti:03 •3:33p.m.
COAST DIVISION (I5ro».l Unnjte).
(Thlnl »nd Townsanil St».)
»nil«A Ocean View, Soutfi •" l *'» Kraneiaco.. !*:a»r
•<:•«* Han Jnse uml Way fiUllmis (Now
Almsideti Weiln«M>iaysniilr) ...... # l:»llp
'••••a Han Jnse, Trrs riuos. HunU (.'mi,
Paeillc lUma. I'ajo Rubins. Han
I dill O)il.i|n>, Hurf, J«jtnpoc anil
-' '-- ¦ I'rlnolpal Way Sintl.n< s •¦tilap
•I»i«Oa 8*h J<ne and Way Htatlons *<Is3->a
•IIsIOa Hail Jots ami Way Statiuns *3iS«p
I t«fl3p San Mateo, Redwood. Hunk) Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han Jose.
Tics Plnoa. HanU Onn, Salinas. *
kiouterej and I'aoINo GroTc flOtatlA
i laiispbDJontmi ff>r BtiUmn .... *7>a*p
f4il5r San Jose ami Prinolpal Way Stations *O:43*
t&:OOr Ban Jom, Xos Gato* and Principal
WayBtatiors ?»:••»
: *3i3Op 9au.losean<I Principal Way Stations *SiS.i4
, •«i.1«»r 8 an Jose and Way Stations tS:O» A
1ll»45p San JoeeamlWay Statlcim »7i»Of
A for Morning. ~ ' ~ P for Afternoon.
• D*lly. t Hnnday exearted. % 8uud*y o«t».
: f Mondays, WedncidJJi, Frldayi.
• Tuesdays, Thandajn, Soadajna,
• BatwdAZjeol^
JiJUt ¦ i u imTiiii
c a is a ? :
I m Natural Mineral Water |
? £j~*a known for centuries aad ?
'O Eff^?3L Imparted q
J /5||j& 0NLY IN BOTTLES. ?
$> #i£r£m F° r Disordered St:n*ch ?
? ErT^=^r~3 It8 1^* ha« been testi- o
Z >%£5£3S%3!£ fIed t0 b y t^ocsands. ?
. ? ViCHY So-called Vichy ia S,. J
O 5^#5 IS N0T VI CHY. ?
4 '|Q|||jjj| Get the Genuine. ?
?j£>i^pj~3nj Tour physician O
4 8»£2£i§» A - TONIEB. DUtribatUg Agent J
•? O-*-0-*-©-»-©-*-©-»-0 ¦?- O-*-O-*-O ?O*-O-»-O*
*« KEADAGHi
lfottttvety cored by tbete
.Little Pills.
They al» rVJcre Distress froa Dyspqafl,
Indigestion sad Too Hearty Eattag. Apcr*
feet remedy for Dizziness. Nausea, Drowsft.
cess, Bad Taste m the Mouth, Coated Ton?t*
Paia in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Rwjulate the Bowds. Purdy Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose.
S»na!! Price. '
If kidney trouble Is permitted to con-
tinue., much suffering with fatal result3
is sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates
the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless,
sleepless and Irritable. Makes you pass
Amoiie- the many famous investigated cures
of Swamp-Root, the one whtrh we publish
to-day for the benefit of our readers speaks In
the hishf-st terms 'of the wonderful curative
properties of this great kidney remedy.
Mrs. H. K. 'Wheeler of 117 High Rock St..
Lynn, Ma^s., writes: "About IS months ag-o I
had a very severe cpell of sickness, I was ex-
tremely sick for three weeks, and when I
finally was able to leave ray bed I was left
with excruciating pain? in my back. My water
at times looked very like coffee. I could pass
but little at a time, and then only after suf-
fering great pain; My physical condition was
such that I had no strength and was all run
down. The doctors said my kidneys were not
affected, but I felt certain that they were
the cause of my trouble. My sister. Mrs. C.
E. lattlefleld; of Lynn advised me to KWe Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root a trial. I procured a
bottle and inside of three days commenced to
get relief. - 1 followed up that bottle with an-
other, and at the completion of this one found
I was completely cured. My strength returned,
and to-day I am as well as ever. My business
Is that of canvasser, I am on ray feet a
great deal of the time and have to use much
energy in getting around. My cure Is. there-
fore, all the more remarkable, and Is exceed-
ingly gratifying to me."
MRS. H. K. WHEELER.
Many of the so-called female complaints
are nothlne ¦»»*« but kidney trouble, or
the result of kidney or bladder disease.
Women Buffer as much from kidney and
bladder troubles as men do, which fact fs
often lost sight of. Many times when the
doctor's services are nought he quickiy
comes to the conclusion that hers is an-
other case of female weakness or womb
trouble of some sort.
So when your kidneys are weak or oul
of order you can understand how quickly
your entire body is affected and how ev-
ery organ, seems to fail to do its duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly." begin
taking the great kidney remedy. Dr. KII
mer's Swamp-Root, Decause as soon as
your kidneys are well tney will help a. I
the other organs to health. A trial will
convince anyone.
The kidneys filter and purify the blood-
that is their work.
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Rem-
edy, will do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call"
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by flail.
water often during the day and obliges
you to get up many times during the
night. Unhealthy kidneys cause rheuma-
tism, gravel, catarrh of the bladder, paia
or dull ache in the back, joints and mus-
cles; makes your head ache and bac*
ache, causes indigestion, stomach and
liver trouble; vou get a sallow, yellow
complexion, makes you feel as though you
had heart trouble; you may have plenty
of ambition, but no strength; get weak
and waste away.
The cure for these troubles Is Dr. Kil-
mer f s Swamp-Root, the world-famou3 kid-
ney remedy.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford natu-
ral help to nature, for Swamp-Root is the
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the
kidneys that is known to medical science.
If your water, when allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for twen-
ty-four hours, forms a sediment or set-
tling, or has a cloudy or milky appear
ance; if there is a brick-dust settling, or
if small particles float about In it. your
kidneys and bladder are in need of imme-
diate attention.
The great kidney remedy, Swamp-Root,
is pleasant to take, is used in the leading
hospitals, recommended by physicians m
their private practice, and is taken by
doctors themselves who have kidney ail-
ments, because they recognize in it the
greatest and most successful remedy for
kidney, liver and bladder troubles.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so many
ways, and has proved so successful In
every case, that a special arrangement
has been made by which all readers of
The Call who have not already tried it
may have a sample bottle sent" absolutely
free by mail. Also a book telling more
about Swamp-Root and containing som<»
of the thousands upon thousands of testi-
monial letters received from men and wo-
men who owe their sood health— In fact,
their very lives, to the wonderful curative
properties of Swamn-Root. Be sure and
mention The San Francisco Daily Call
when sending 1 your address to Dr. Kilmer
& Co.. Binghamton. N. T.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can
purchase the resrular flfty-cent and one-
dollar size bottles at the drug stores ev-
erywhere.
Women Have Kidney Trouble and Never Suspect It.
Thousands o:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I «3i2!> KEABXT «T. Established
k 1. 1 1*34 for the treatment of I'rivatA
i Diseases, Lost Manliood. Debility or
Idiipas" wearing on body and mind and
¦Skin Diseases. Tbe Doctorcnres when
¦others fail. Try him. Charges low.
¦turn gnarnalrrd. Call or write.
eiBBOX, San Francisco, CaL ' _
BA1LB0AJ) TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leave If arkat-street Ferry Depot.
I/v« Ban Francisco. J:0O a m 4:10 p ml «:00 p m
AT?! BtocktoiT 12:80 p m 7:U p m 11:05 p m
•• Merced «=« P » 1 1 : " * »
••Fresno 4:Npm 1:05 a m
•• Vlrnlta ........ 4:00 pm 4:50 am
« TuUre .::.:.... «:« p m ,1:10 a m
?'Hanford ...... B:88 p m 7:06 am
«• Bakersfleld.... U:EO p m 7:30 am
•• Denver ......... 10:00 a m -. - "
-. Kansas City... 6:15 p m
*• Chloago 7:40 am
¦¦"•¦ 9 a. m. train is tne Overland Express. Corr»-
¦Dondiog train arrives at 6 p. ra- dally.
4:10 b. m. is Stockton Local. Correspondln*
train afrlves 11:05 a. m. daily.
1:00 p. m. U Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Bleeping Cars for both cities. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 8 a. m. daily. •
-OFFICES— «41 Market st. and In Ferry Depot,
ffan yr» ¦¦¦Cisco: HIS Broadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS.. ..9:15 a. m. : 1:45 and 4:uO p. m.
BUNDAYS......8:00. 10:00, 11:33 and 1:1s p. m.
; Fare, Ban Francisco to Summit and Return.
H 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. . «a Market st- Sausallto Ferry.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LBSSSB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NURTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPA.W.
TIBURON FERRT— FOOT OF MARKET *T.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:0O. 11:00 a. a.: 18:33. 3:S«.
5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip at 11:3)
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »:00, 9:30. 11:W a. m.; 1:20. 3:30. S;00,
<:20 p. m.
San Ratael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «: 10. "7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40. i:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at 1:SS
and 6:35 p. m.
BUN DATS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:49. 1:40. t:06,
<:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schaetsea Park.
tame schedule a» abov. •¦¦••¦• ¦
Leave J In Effect I Arrtv«
Ban Fracelaco. f Nov. 7. 1300. 1 San Frand»ea.
VTeek J Sud- I 1 Son- I Week
Day». I days, f Destination. | daya. I Pay*.
7:30 am! 8:00 am Novato. 10:49 am[ S:40 am
J:3n pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm|10:M am
S:10 pml 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 prnj 6:33 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. W:S »a
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
• G*y«ervil?e.
S.gQpm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:38 pm «:Optm
7:30 ami I Hopland j I
j g:00aml and inclan. f 7:33 pn»| >:H pa
7:30 ami **:» am
f»:0Oani Ooernevtlla. T:» pm
3:30 run) *:M P"*
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma t:l»axn t:44aa
| - j and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm CI»n Ellen. 6:05 pm »:2» pm
7:30 ami »:0O ami |10:« »m|10:J5 am
3:30 pmf 8:00 pmf Scbaitopol. I 7:3? pm| «:23 pm
Etages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W«t
Eprtnjrs and White Sulpaur Sprlasa; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton tor Lytton 8prtn*»: at
OeyservlUe for Skacgs 8prlncs : at CloTsrdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland tor Duncaa
Fprings, Hlshland Springs. Kelseyrllls. Carls-
bad Spring*. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Baitlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Vallay.
Jotn Day's. Riverside. Lierley**. Bueknell's.
Eanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"s Hot Springs,
Kendocino City. Fort Bra«r, Weetport. U«al.
Wlllets. Laytonvtle, Camminga. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer, Sootia and Eureka. <7*
Saturday to Monday round-trip ttekaca al<"lf>
Sundays, round-trip tlckvts to all p«MB
beyond San Rafael at half ratea.
Ticket office. 630 Market St.. Chronicle bond-
In. R. X. RTAN,
H. C. WHTTINO. <5«n. Pass. Agt.
G«-n. Manacer.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM SAN FKANC1SCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-«:53. <9:15. 11:00 a. m». «1:<S.
3:15. 4:00, 6:15. *«:15, «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For MM Valley and 8*a
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays aad Sat-
urdays at »:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDATS— •3:00. "10:00, *1UZO a. m.. •t:U,
3:15, «*M. «:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:M>. m t:30. 7:43. 9:30 a. ra..
•12 -SO. 1:43 •3:30, 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Moadays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at «:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDATS-«:20. "S^. «10:00. 11:45 a. m..
•1-40. *2:15. 4:43. *«:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from Ban Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAM FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:45. s:4J, 7:55. 9:30 a. m.,
12:35, 2:10. 3:30. 4:54, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDATS— S:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15, »:30,
5:C0. 6:45 V. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 pi m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
! S:00 a. m. Susdajrs— Tomalea aad way sca-
i tloam.
de. khmes's swamp-boot.
if
visit OR JORDAN'S orcat i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMYf
Ck 1061 IUSXXS St. Ut fcifcTth, S.r.CtL i
: '^B ¦--'.' TI»L«rf«tAn»tomienlMttii«umtothe \
¦ . V/oiid. > Wekkn««.*i or any contracted M
WsWBk diseaie |>e«ttl*rly cur*4 by the oldest Y
IE SI i>pcatliKratlk.'CoatC. Eit3«reix«. m
iffffl OR. JOflOAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 0
ffGMnl Con^ultction frco and strict) v private. \
M sS^fM T" >tment pcctontlly or by letter. A M
¦ y T{J[ H f**.ntm Own in every case undertaken. . T
M n II JL Write for Book. PHILOSOPMItf A
I M BT ¦ABRIAIIB. M AILED I>KBB. (Af
' 0 : ' It '£ rtiatbt » book '"• • Bfn ' < A
DKJOBDAH A CO.: 1061 Market St., a F. ¥Rtililin-Maher Fight.
JCKVV YORK, Nov. 28.— Arrangements
for the meeting between Gus Ituhlin and
Peter Manef were concluded here to-day.
The contest will be limited to six rounds
and will take place December 17 at the
Penn Art Club. Philadelphia. The fight
era will e«t €0 per cent of the gross re
ceipts with a guarantee of not less than
S2ooa
.•..GLASGOW, Nov., 28.— Though George I*
Watson, the designer, of Sir Thomas Lip
.ton's new; challenger, for the - America's
cup, admits < that -. the. lines ¦ of the Sham
rock % II ; are ¦ quite '=. settled i.upon ; and that
the building of yacht is In] progress,"
he w|H: not; tell ; In, which Clyde yard she
is being constructed, as. he relies on ex
cessive secrecy. ¦ ,: .-- ' •¦--.: •";:¦ -. • « ¦• . ¦
r-.He,;said!be;had.a lesson^with the "Val
kyrie, ~* Every e precaution,, he added, was
.taken ! then,-v but " the . : , American , reporters
Kainedradmission 'to theyard^and' pub
lished particulars about her. He declined
to give an opinion as to whether these de
tails guided the Herreshoff s. .But he said
he was I taking care to ' prevent any Tacts
leaking out" this time."
I NEW SHAMROCK IS
CI^SELY GTJARDED
night if or a' lively- blazed in ; the-; rear -of
: King-well's ", foundry; " on : Fremont < street,
between ' Howard Jand - Folsom. The blaze
was discovered by "a" policeman, and "when
the firemen arrived tne flames were shoot
ing up the light wellito the roof. r,:.r »: -
T - The foundry.ls of, brick and. three stories
high, i and | less than ; three months . ago rthe
department fought a stubborn fire in some
sulphur, in the same building. v? The prompt
discovery^ of blasts night's blaze.i coupled
with the good; work ?of ' the" department,'
probably.. prevented a - ; serious . flre. : : The
blaze i started : from &<. hot s casting.-: The
damage Is under ?500. "*"*-"'- w ¦
. .. - :: : ' . ¦ ' -¦:¦ : .- ¦ '• =
FIE-E DAMAGES KINGWELL'S
;¦-" FEEMONT-STREET FOUNDRY
Lively Blaze in Bear of the . Build
ing Caused by\ a = Hot :
- Casting.. ,
The fire department responded to an
alarm '. from , box '¦ 51 at , 10 :35 ' o'clock last
PENTCGROVB Nov. ' 2S.— One of the
xnoet Interesting marriages ever sol
emnized In Sonoma County will take place
in the lodge room of the Blojjmfleld Re
bekahs at Bloomfleld on Thanksgiving
evening. Hiss Laura Cockrlll, eldest
daughter of Dr. Bruce T. Cockrlll. will
become the wife of T. J. McCready of
Bodega. •
Back of this prospective marriage Is a
romantic tale. At the time the Bloomfield
Rebekahs formally dedicated their new
lodge rooms, two months ago, ther agreed
that the first one of their members to get
married should be tendered an elaborate
wedding supper, by the lodge. On Thurs
day, evening the Bloomfield Rebekahs will
be called upon to pay. their debt
Miss Cockrill, who belongs to one of the
best connected families in the county, is a
first cousin of Miss Minnie Coulter, Sono
ma County's Superintendent of .< Schools.
A feature of the nuptials will be the pres
ence of the entire lodge In full regalia.
BEBEKASS WILL HONOR
A BLOOIOTELD BRIDE
"While there is some evidence to indicate
that the new defender will carry a larger
amount of canvas than the Columbia, it
Is believed that the area of the Bails now
being made will not be much greater.
Another Important project is the adop
tion of all steel spars, with the exception
of the bowsprit and spinnaker pole. Tho
introduction of a steel topmast would be
a novel feature, especially if that spar
Is to be of the telescopic variety.
The oak frames for the keel mold were
shaped out three weeks ago, but are not
yet quite finished.
BRISTOL, R, I., Nov. 28.— Information as
to the new cup defender's hull was given
to-day at the Herreshoff shops. The keel
will not be laid for some weeks to come.
The date will conform to the completion
of the stiffening process of the hull of the
eeventy-f ooter Rainbow In the south shop.
There Is yet so much work to be finished
on this his sloop*that it will take about
four weeks to put her in shape for launch-
Ing. By that time the keel for the new
defender will be ready on the floor of the
ehop. The running of the lead keel will
come two days later, or on or about
Thursday, December 27. The working
plans for the new craft are being printed.
As regards the sails, that are now well
•begun, it has been thought that the grade
was a production of South Carolina, but
from the appearance of ravelings of the
canvas the head sails of the boat are sim
ilar to the mercerized Texas upland cotton
used In the makeup of the head sails of
the Columbia In 1899.
The Keel Will Not Be Laid
for Some Weeks to
Come.
WORK ON THE
NEW DEFENDER
The Board of Civil Service Commission
ers is coming in for a great deal of un
favorable criticism because of its delay
In marking' the • papers of the applicants
who took the examination for experienced
clerkB in the Tax Collector's office. The
Commissioners take refuge for their dila
tory tactics in not announcing the result
of an examination which was held as far
back' as September 22, behind a request
made by Tax Collector Scott to postpone
the announcements. Scott's reason for
this singular request was that he was' in
the midst of his busiest season, when mil
lions of dollars were being collected In
taxes. He was averse, he said, to have
his clerks disturbed, while such large
amounts were being . paid in.
,_: The Commissioners accommodatingly
complied with Scott's request and Instead
of marking the examination papers for
Tax -Collector's clerks proceeded. to mark
those of the applicants for. positions of
police ; officers Instead, though the exam
ination was held at a later date than that
of the Tax Collector's clerks. The - an
nouncement of. the eligible - list for police
officers was made last week. Tha busy
time in the Tax Collector's office Is now
over and if the certified list of clerks had
been finished In its order by the Civil Ser
vice Commissioners the merit system
could . have been Introduced in the tax
office at once. < -
It is a fact that the commission has not
even yet commenced to mark the papers
The attention of the Mayor was directed
to the> delay in the compilation of the
ftiiarible list. His Honor directed his pri
vate . secretary. Fay. to Investigate the
matter. Fay learned the foregoing facts
and informed his superior to that effect.
The Mayor was satisfied with the explan
ation given. He was further informed
that the Police Commissioners had peti
tioned for an Immediate eligible list of po
lice officers as some thirty positions were
to be filled at once. That Is why the t>a
pers of the police applicants were marked
to the exclusion of those of the experi
enced clerks in the tax. office.
> President t Freud of the commission
pleads the lack of necessary funds as an
excuse for the long delay in marking the
papers. *
"We have - been - endeavorinr." Bald
Freud, "to secure three : extra clerks to
perform that work but thus ¦ far without
success. The Board of Supervisors passed
a resolution allowing us three clerks
Auditor Wells objected but finally agreed
to let us employ one clerk. Mr. Wells
held, that as our appropriation was Insuf
ficient no other . funds were available
The : members of the oommJaalon ; have
dona : considerable clerical work them-
Delays Giving the List of
Eligibles for Tax Col
lector's Clerks.
CIVIL SERVICE
BOARD DILATORY
A promise will be made that Cuba- will
be turned over to the Cubans soon. The
work of the American officers In Cuba will
be praised. ;."¦
In general terms" the President will refer
to the work of the Isthmian . Canal Com
mission and recommend the * construction
of the canal.' -He will make it plain, how
ever, that, the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
must first be repealed or the original Hay-
Pauncefote treaty ratified." • 1
The Philippines are to be held by the
United States as part of its territory, to
be governed along lines. similar to those
laid down for Porto Rico. The need of
troops to maintain order will be discussed
freely and the opinion", expressed that al
though tho time has not yet come for the
creation of a stable form of government,
still steps lit that direction should ; be
taken. Congress will be asked to pass the
Spooner bill, giving the President full civil
authority so that an emergency govern
ment can be provided and 'the military
force ¦ gradually reduced " to the limits of
police organization. The treatment of the
Philippine question will be extensive and
will foreshadow the ultimate adoption of
a broad colonial policy. The message will
renew the pledge of this countryto oppose
all schemes of : territorial - conquest and
•will warn the powers ¦ that whatever re
sult may. bo' reached, the United States
will insist upon the "open door" in the
Orient. .
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.— The Presi
dent's message Went to the printer to-day.
In the proof it will be revised and in some
instances elaborated and added to.
The following is the outline of what
the President decided to recommend:
President's Message Is in
the Hands of the
'Printer.
WHAT McKINLEY
WILL RECOMMEND
The second-hand clothing dealers of San
Francisco have formed an association and
will attack the constitutionality of the lo
cal ordinance which compels them to pay
a quarterly license taot. They have agreed
with Tax Collector Scott that an arrest be
made for the violation, in order that a
test case may be had. That arrest will
probably be made to-day. It is the inten
tion, of counsel for the clothing dealers
to consent to a conviction in the Police
Court, and on appeal to the Superior
Court to make the attack • upon the con
stitutionality of the- ordinance.
The new charter provides in section 15,
page 55, .that "no license tax shall be Im
posed, on any person who at a nxr<l place
of business '. sells goods, wares,' or mer
chandise, except such as require permits
from the Board of Police Commissioners."
Section : 71, page 292, ¦< decrees that the
"Chief of Police shall possess powers of
general police Inspection, supervision and
control over all * •• • dealers in second
hand merchandise and Junk-shop keepers.
All persons engaged in such callings must
procure permits from the CommisToners."
Under these sections, Ordinance No. 107
waa passed, placing a license tax upon
second-hand dealers varying from $4 to $3
per ¦' quarter, ¦ according .' to : the volume of
business transacted. The second-hand fur
niture dealers succeeded In getting ex
empted from the tax by the passage ol
Ordinance No. : 168. The second-hand
clothing dealers maintain that the license
tax involves an illegal discrimination.
They complain > that it is also unjust, as
they, are generally, small dealers and poor,
not as able to meet such a tax as mer
chants In general would be.
The association' formed by them con.
tains 150 members. Michael Rosenberg of
5028 Howard street Is president. Denson &
Bchleslnger have been engaged as counsel.
Second-Hand Clothing Deal
•rs.'Organize to Fight
• Tax Ordinance.
TO SEEK RELIEF
IN THE COURTS
EDENBURGII, Orange River Colony.
Saturday. Nov. 24.— The Boers are most
active between the railroad and Basuto
land, south of Ladybrand, Thaba N'Chur
and Bloe.mfontcin. General D«wet and
former President Steyn are near Dewets
dorp. It Is believed they are preparing
for a descent of Cape Colony for recruitB
and supplies. As a counter-move two
battalions of the Guards. Grenadiers and
First Cold Streams hold all the fords of
the Orange Rover from Aliwal North to
the Orange River station. Small parties
of mounted Boers are able to cross the
river almost anywhere. The British have
great need of more mounted troops. Oth
erwise the" capture of Dewet is hopeless.
"The antl-Brltish feeling In Cape Col
ony is assuming dangerous proportions,
owing to false stories spread of British
barbarity In Orange River Colony and the
Transvaal. Loyalists fear that the Dutch
Congress next week will be the signal for
a rising and they demand that martial
law be proclaimed throughout the colony.
The situation Is declared to be graver
than at any previous time during the
¦war."
Referring editorially to Its Cape Town
advices the Dally Mall adopts a most ser
ious tone, asserting that the anti-British
movement Is accentuated by tho with
drawal of troops from Cape .Colony, and
calling for vigorous action by the British
Government.
dispatched, but they will seriously atten
tuate the garrisons of the United King
dom, insomuch as Lord Roberta insists
troops shall be picked men and have eea
sor.ed officers.
The Daily Mail publishes this morning
the following alarmist dispatch from Cape
Town:
LONDON, Nov. 28.— While the reports of
the condition of Cape Colony are regard
ed as Rome what unnecessarily alarmist,
there Is little disposition to take a too
roseate view of the general situation. The
constant dispatch to South Africa of re
inforcing drafts and the daily figrht6 at
points wide apart 6how the war its not
over, and .while the statement that Lord
Roberts has demanded 20.OJ0 fresh troops
is incorrect, it is a fact that he has
asked for 8010 men to replace the battalion
where wastage Incapacitates them from
duty at the tront. These reliefs will be
Situation in South Africa
Far From Satisfactory
to English.
ROBERTS ASUS
FOR MORE MEN
Among those who sent messages were
Senators Frye, Spooncr, Foraker, Lodge,
Hanna, Fairbanks, Kyle, ; Gallinger, Mc-
Millan, aicCumber, Lindsay and Allison;
Andrew D. Carnegie, Secretary Root, Mrs.
Julia D. Grant and Mrs. Sartorls, ex-Sen
ator Vilas, General Alger, Mrs. John A.
Logan, Postmaster-General Smith, White
law Reid r inti ex-Senator Gilbert A.
Pierce; and many representatives of for
eign Governments. '.
One of the touching Incidents of the day
was the waiting upon Major Davis, the
aged father of the late Senator, by a com
pany of school children from Nelll school,
which is Just opposite the family * resi
dence. They, presented the following me
morial:
"The pupils of the Neill school remem
ber most kindly the visit of their «ieigh
bor, Major Davis, to the school last Me.,
mortal day.' They desire to express to him
their loving sympathy in his present great
sorrow for the loss'of his own dear son."
Major Davis was deeply affected by the
tribute, as was the entire Household. ¦ -
It was { decided to-day that the funeral
services would be held at the residence
on Saturday morning - at \ 11 • o'clock, the
brief service being in charge of Rev. CrD.
Andrews, rector of the Church of St." John
the Evangelist. In deference to the wish
of the many friends who would be unable
to attend the services r at ¦ the I house, ¦ and
on the particular request of Governor
Llnd, ' It \ was also decided ' that the ' body,
shall He In state » at the : capitol • from 10
until 3 o'clock on Friday. .A detachment
of the National Guard will escort the body
from the. residence to. the 'capitol. and re
main as • guards during the day/; later • re
turning to the house. \The interment will
be at Calvary Cemetery. ¦-•'¦.-.":'•
Governor Llnd to-day Issued a~ procla
mation I announcing the death - of : the I Sen
ator ; and asking - for i a general suspension
of business between the - hours '¦ of » 10 1 and
2 on Saturday, the day or the; funeral.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Noy. 28.— The mortal
remains of the late United States Senator
Cushman K. Davis have rested to-day in
an upper room in the Davis home on Far
rington avenue. In this city. The entire
city mourned and from all quarters of the
globe have come a stream of messages of
sympathy and love for the stricken homo
and the bereaved/ city and State. Presi
dent McKinley was one of the first to
tender his tribute of honor and love and
from diplomats and high officials of this
and other countries, Senatorial colleagues,
Representatives in Congress, from church
dignitaries and leading merchants and
men, of business have come simple and
sincere expressions of respect for the abil
ities and leadership of the orator whose
eloquence. is stilled, the statesman Whoso
counsels will no longer be heard.';*
Body Will Lie in State
in the Capitol
Building. *
ARRANGEMENTS
FOR DAVIS FUNERAL
selves, though not required to do so. W*»
personally examined the papers of 113
contestants in the examination for police
officers. We were on the point of appeal-
Ing to the Merchants' Association to pro
vide the funds for the extra clerks to d»>
this work— they to be selected from the
civil service list— when the Auditor partial
ly came to our assistance. We will now
proceed Immediately to mark the papera
for the Tax Collector's clerks and hooe
to announce the individual ratings in ten
days."
The first of the local chapters of the Or
der of the Eastern Star to have Its offi
cers installed for tbe new term was Olive
Branch Chapter, the ceremonies being
.heli) Tuesday night In Elks' Hall In the
OLIVE BBANCH CHAPTER
INSTALLS ITS OFFICERS
Ceremony of Order of the Eastern
Star Witnessed by Many In
Elks' Hall.
Prophet Promises
a Fair Day.
Methodist Episcopal churches in the city.
The services will commence at 10:30
o'clock. The exercises will consist of an
organ voluntary and postlude by Miss H.
Harriet Fish; prayer by' Rev. J. N. Beard,
D. D. ; responsive reading by Rev. S. D.
Hutsinplller, D. D.;' the reading of the
President's proclamation by Rev. M. D.
Buck; a hymn by Rev. S. M. Woodward;
a soprano solo, "Praise the Lord, O My
Soul," by Mrs. W. L. Turney; a sermon
by the Rev. J. A. B. Wilson, D. D., on
"The Primal Theme of Thanksgiving for
Americans"; a hymn by the Rev. A. C.
Bane and a benediction by the Rev. A. H.
Briggs, D. D.
In the African M. E. Zlon Church . on
Stockton street there will be special
Thanksgiving services to commence at 11
o'clock. The pastor of the church. Rev.
F. Brown, will preach on "The Hope of
the Nation and the Race."
The Salvation Army will do nothing spe
cial for the day's charity, for most of the
army's energy Is devoted each year to the
relief of the poor at Christmas, but thero
will be at least a wedding at the head
quarters which will be made the vehicle
of all the Salvationists' holiday merri
ment. Captain Edward Sawyer and En-
sign Lydia Allemmann will be married
Thanksgiving evening in the presence of
all the soldiers of the army and all else
Churches to Hold
Services.
who wish to see, at the headquarters on
Market street.
But the best part of the day will pass
in the homes of those who have or be
lieve they have this year something high
er and better tha'n- they had in ninety
nine. It may be the Democrat who Is
glad the majority was no larger; It may
be the Republican who will complacently
sit back in his chair after the cigars and
coffee and say: "I told you so"; it may
be the man who was poor and Is glad he
has become rich, or the man who Is poor
and Is glad he Is no poorer; before night
it will be one football team that has won,
and another glad because the score might
have been worse, or both may congratu
late themselves on a hard-fought tie; it
may be the man who has an extra mouth
to feed and who is glad he has, though It
takes more than he bargained for, or it
may be even that a few ghosts from Lone
Mountain will flit In and look down on the
whole holiday and then make their way
back to where they came from and re
joice" in uncanny glee that they are done
with it all and have no reck for holiday
or weekday, dinner, football, eagle or
turkey.
Pood for Hungry
and Poor.
The graduating class of St. Mary's Col
lege gave an entertainment last evening
in the college hall In honor of Thanks
giving day. Many friends of the members
were present and were entertained by a
programme of unusual interest. It consist
ed of musical, elocutionary and oratorical
selections. John P. Callaghan was the
poet of the flay and J. P. Plover was the
orator. The hall decorations were elab
orate. Festoons of flowers and greens
were draped about artistically among the
folds of national colors, which covered
the balconies and stage. Large American
flags were hung at intervals. The pro
gramme was as follows:
Music, college orchestra; address by Arza
Porter; vtolin eolo, A. P. Miller; extract.
"Love of Country." W. Bohan; quartet; reci
tation. "Pride of Battery B." T. A. Crlmmlns;
vecal solo. "Four-leaf Clover." B. S. McCar
thy: recitation. "The Outlaw." J. 1». Flynn:
¦vocal quartet, "Eg-KS for Breakfast." J. r. Flcrrir,
J. P. Towey. R. S. McCarthy and J. A. Blos
som; poem. John P. Callaghan; music, "Na
tional Airs." orchestra; comic recitation. J. K.
Harle-e; vocal solo, "Warrior Boy." W. J. Orr:
oration. "The Day," J. P. Plover: vocal solo.
"The Family Sonsr," J. A. Blossom: recitation.
"Fct the Hill.'* tVllliam J. Orr; double quar
tet, "Rippling' Waters," J. P. Plover. R. S.
McCarthy, J. P. Towey. J. A. Elossom, T. A.
Kennedy, T. A. Crtmmlns, C. C. Carrol and A.
Porter; recitation, "The Uncle." R, S. Mc-
Carthy.
The address of the orator of the day
was eloquent, the subject being "The Day
"We Are Celebrating. In the course of
his effort Mr. Plover said:
"The custom, which with us has grown
to be a national one. of appointing one
day in the year for general thanksgiving
to God. the giver of all good, is consonant
with the principles of our faith and the
promptings of the heart of a Christian
people. The duty of religious thanksgiv
ing is constantly" urged by the church
upon her children, and we. as Cathollc3
and Americans, have many reasons to be
grateful." . ¦
Celebrates Thanksgiving.
St. Mary's College Graduating Clas3
MAKY FRIENDS ENTEBTAINEI).
In the First M. E. Church, on Powell
street, there will be special Thanksgiving
union services, participated In by all the
In the Firs£ Congregational Church
there will be a union service at 11 o'clock,
participated In by the First Congregation
al, Fourth Congregational First Baptist,
First United Presbyterian and Calvary
churches. Rev. Dr. Woods, T>. T>,, will
preach the Thanksgiving sermon. A spe
cial musical programme will be provided.
In the churches the day will not be al
lowed to pass without a word sent up
ward in praise or supplication for what
has been given or what Is wished for. In
the cathedral there will be a special mass
commencing at 9 o'clock under the
auspices of the Young Men's Catholic
Union. Father J. F. Byrne, chaplain of
the union, will be the celebrant, and
Father Phillip O'Ryan will preach the
sermon.
There will also be a Thanksgiving din
ner for the children of the day homes at
£90 Hayes street at 2 o'clock.
The men who eat with the teamsters*
mess will have every reason to remember
the day. Under the direction of Chef
Cruse an elegant dinner has been pre
pared, and the men who have patience
enough to get a trot out of an army mule
will have ample time and opportunity to
eatlsfy the inner man. ,
PASTRY,
Mince Pie, Plum Pudding and Brandy Sauce. 4
DESSERT.
Mixed Jfuts Fig» ,¦ Oranges
Ari»l*s Coffee.
VEGETABLES,
Mashefi Potatoes String Beans
Baked Swwt Potatoes.
Roast Beef -with brows gravy.
Roast Turkey with dressing 1 — Cranberry eauce.
ROAST,
ItELISHES.
Celery ,'¦ Radishes Pickles.
SALADS,
lobster Potato.
Great preparations are being made at
the general hospital at the Presidio for
the proper celebration of Thanksgiving
day. A menu has been prepared by the
army chefs, the sight of which would
make the mouth of an epicurean water.
Great care will be taken, however, to pre
vent the patients whose digestive organs
are out of order sitting down to the feast.
The patients were all examined yester
day, and those who were found in good
condition were given tickets entitling the
holder to a chance at the following 1 bill of
fare:
til the families for whicn they were in
tended ccuM come and take, them away.
All day yesterday the ladles of the mis
sion worked, and by night they had the
floor of one room filled with boxes, and
space in the adjoining room was begin
ning to look scarce. This morning be
fore 9 o'clock the pensioners have been
ordered to appear, and each will bring
along the postal card that will serve for
his or her identification. Upon presenta
tion of the card the box filled and labeled
for that family will be handed over. The
board of directors and officers of the mis
sion have direct charge of -the Thanks
giving work. They ere: Miss Miriam
Wallis, president; Mrs. George A. Buck
ingham, fir^t vice president: Miss Eflle
Johnson, second vice president; Mi?-;
Hannah Leszynsky, treasurer; Miss
Muriel Wtmple. corresponding secretary;
Miss Corinne Cook, recording secretary,
and Mrs. Leon Stone, Miss Helen Gibbs,
Mrs. Irvin Wiel and Mrs. Alfred Raas, di
rectors.
Thanksgiving Brings Its Plenty to Mind
and Heart and Trencher.
HT it Is that with
IO^^5^"1 tn ° da ' w ' n ° f the
yf n \ I ' Thanksgiving sun
// /If there arises the
II III vision of. a well
V V JL\J> laid table Is a
7 question only cus-
Nr torn can answer.
It Is sufficient
that the two are
Inseparable, and that no Thanksgiving for
years back has brought a brighter "-vision
than this. The poultrymen will bear wit
ness that never before was the vice pres
idential bird in more demand, and a thou
sand vvni worked chimneys will attest be
tore the day Is over that Thanksgiving
lay Is something more than merely a day
of thanksgiving. .The eagle may scream
his loudest during the other 300 and odd
days, but on the last Thursday of No
vember he goes fishing and allows his un
derstufly an opportunity for honors.
The dinner is first only by length of ser
vice In San Francisco, however, for close
behind It comes the football game be
tween the two great colleges of the West.
For Eonw hours this afternoon the center
of the locaJ world will be contained in a
small oval of leather being ground into
the mud by twenty-two athletes, the pick
of the brawn of the two universities. And
around the field will be gathered all the
wealth and beauty and enthusiasm and a
£ood_part_of the noise of a cityful.
If the weather prophet Is to be believed
It will be a fair day. "with increasing
cloudiness in the afternoon, and at night."
If it will only remain fair enough for foot
ball the day will to a great extent have
served its end; and this Is not asking for
much, for all the players need Is a solid
footing at a depth anywhere below the
Fhoulder. and the audience will be satis
fied so long as the raindrops are not so
thick as to interfere with a good view of
the game.
The flower shops first showed the fes
tive reason, but they did not show It long.
Yesterday morning they blossomed out
like fairy bowers, arrayed in ail the gorg
eous colors of the Californlan fields and
g-arders. but by afternoon they looked like
a picture hat caught In the fog. Shelves
and vases were empty and the %plendld
blossoms had all been transferred to
places of safe keeping to await the com
ing of the day of prayer and plenty.
For the few who would sooner see some
eport other than football there will be the
races at Tanforan. a feature of which
will be the Autumn handicap, with a big
field of starters. And there will be cours
ing at Union Park and baseball at the
Eighth and Folsom street grounds. The
baseball will commence at half past 2, the
usual hour for the Sunday games. The
trame will b« between the Stockton and
Oakland teams.
The Fruit and Flower Mission will ob
serve the day in its own fashion by feed
ing the hungry and bringing the holiday
cheer to homes where It Is but an Infre-
C^ent guest. More than two hundred
Thanksgiving dinners will have been dis
tributed before noon to-day, and very one
will have the bird for the head of the
table and the mince pie for the foo f .
Thanksgiving day is the time when tho
quiet charity of the mission blossoms
into more than almsgiving and caring for
the sick. It includes every one in the
piad autumn holiday, and sick and well
all come under its wing, bringing only
the pass word, "poverty," to help them
reach the hearts of the willing givers.
The grood cheer distributed by the mis
sion is made up partly of donations and
partly of what the mission purchases
with its own funds. For this occasion the
headquarters of the mission were found
to be too small for effective work and bo
the vacant flat at 723 Sutter street was
secured to house the well filled boxes un-
o PECIAL matinees at all the
/<^*~^Jr theaters will h )nor Thanks-
A giving day and their best is
l^^A^v promised by all the man
\^V^\\ agent. There are good
\) things in town, too, outside
r* ¦-^J*~"~r °^ grand opera, not the
(5 ¦v*'^^ least of which, is the-Co
lumbia bill, with pretty
Alice Nielsen in "The Sing
ing Girl." With her also is
Eugene Cowles, the' favorite singer, and
the theater has been nightly Racked with
appreciative hearers. The opera is beau
tifully staged and the production ' is In
every way a worthy one.
• >¦ • ¦ *
At the Tlvoli On^ra-houce "The Jolly
Musketeer" will be heard both afternoon
and evening, and the University of Cali
fornia students will attend the night per
formance in a body. Ferris Hartman has
a joyful part in this really comic opera;
Maud Williams', the new soprano. Is al
ready an established favorite; Webb, the
new comedian, and Annie Meyers also add
largely to the mirth and music.
The U. C. aUiderts will themselves share
the stage with the singers, and will pre
sent a programme In artition to the one
act of "The Jolly Musketeer" which will
be given by the players.
• * «
The California Theater is to the fore
with the J. H. Haverly Mastodon Min
strels, which have been attracting their
hundreds through the week. The min
strels, also, will give a Thanksgiving mat
inee, and "new jokes, new songs, new
gags, new specialties," are announced as
part of the programme.
"Seven-twenty-eight," Augustin Daly's
laughable play,. Is the Alcazar's holiday
offering for evening and afternoon enter
tainment to-day, and next week David
Belasco's pretty Japanese play, "Madame
Butterfly," will be put on.
• • •
Herrmann the Great is at, the Alhambra
Theater and for the first time at popular
prices in the city. The clever magician
gives a matinee to-day and with his
unique and startling entertainment Is as
sured a large house.
• • • '
The Orpheum offers one of Us best vau
deville bills for its special show of the
day. Julius P. Witmark, Dupont and
Lothian, the Irresistible Waldon. lone Me-
Louth, Stelllng and Revell and Anne Ken
wick are among the entertainers.
*>V- - ¦¦¦
Mme. Gabriel StirvaJ. Mae Edgerton Da
vis, Corinne, Olive Vail and Argyle Tully.
Ouhama the Jap and Harry H. Walton
will do their best to make things pleasant
at a special matinee at Fischer's to-day.
• » • •
The Chutes and Zoo will also give a
special programme in addition to the daily
attractions. " :"•'-• .".-'•¦
- • •-,""• — •• •/. *«
At the Grand Opera-house alone will be
no matinee, but to-night "La Boheme"
will be repeated by special request, with
Melba as Mlmi. Frltzi Bcheff will be Mu.
setta, Saleza will sing the Rudolph part,
and Glllbert, Dufriche, Maslero, Journet
and Campanari will fill the remainder of
the roles. There Is much joy In musical
circles that an opportunity for further
hearing Of this charming Puccini operw
has been afforded us.
What Holiday Fare Theaters Have to
Offer to Theater-Goers.
presence of about two hundred ladles and
Srentlemen, incsudlrjj many stranarers, for
!t was a public Installation. The hall was
prettily decorated with flowers, and the
ordinary lights v.tre changed for trl
colored ones. The Installing officer was
the retiring matron. Miss M. G. McCon
key. assisted by Mrs*. Mary E. Partridge,
past raos; worthy grand mitron of UW
Genera". Grand Chapter of the United
States, as marshal. The officers Installed
are: Rose Pisiolesi, matron: Dr. T. By
ron de Witt, patron. Mary F. Fitch. assn*
elate matron; Eva Sheellne, secretary}
Bertha Mackrett. treasurer; Lizzie At
wood, conductress; Teresa Fredericks, as
sociate conductress; Minnie Reed, Adah; '
Emily Cossrave. Ruth: Mary Kelly.
Esther; Ella Green. Martha; M. Walters.
Ivecta; A. * Hoppen, -chaplain; Eugenie
Your.gr, -warder: Mary H. Lewis, sentinel;
Emma Rohrbacher, organist.
The music Incidental to the very impres
sive ceremony, which was performed in a
most perfect manner by the installing of
ficers, was rendered by Edith Drake. A.
Wray. Miss Wolf and Miss Kelly, the ac
companists being Mrs. Nellie A. Darling
and Mrs. Nunenbcrg. After the officer.*
had been inducted into their several sta
tions Miss McConkey, the retiring ma
tron, who was appointed marshal for the
new term, was by the chapter presented
a ' very handsome diamond s-et jewel of
the rank of past matron. There was als.>
the presentation of an emblematic pin to
Miss May Frances Carter in recognition
of many services rendered by her in th*
chapter during the last year. Mrs. Darling
and Mrs. H. M. Owens, who at various
times during the past term rendered mu
sical selections In the chapter during in
itiations, were remembered, a beautiful
music roll of Mexican stamped leather be
ins Riven to Mrs. Darling and a cut glass
caraffe to Mrs. Owens. After the pre
sentations and addresses by prominent
members of the order there was dancing
until a late hour. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOTEMBER 29, 1900.
SOUP.
Barter.
4
THANKS GIVING
ANNO DOMINI 1900
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The man trussed up so that he can
' neither move hand nor foot is in his
helplessness a fair type of many a man
: affected by rheumatism. Often the dis-
ease only partially disables, and with
crutch and cane the sufferer hobbles
painfully about.
Rheumatism can be cured by the ust»
of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov s *^
cry. This great blood purifying medi-
cine eliminates the poisons which cause
the disease. It increases the activity of
the blood-making glands, and gp in-
creases the purity and abundance ol the
blood supply, thus giving vigor and
vitality to all organs of the body •which
depend for their health on plenty of
pure blood. It builds up the body with
firm flesh instead of flabby fat The
"Discovery" contains neither alcohol
nor narcotics.
"I had been troubled with rheumatism for
twelve years, so bad at times I could not leave
; my bed," writes Mr. R. J. McKnight, of Cades,
Wmlamsburg Co.. S. C. "I was badly crippled.
Tried many doctors, and two of them Rave
me up to die. None of them did me much
good. The pains in my back, hips and leg*
(and at times in my head), would nearly kill
me. My appetite was very bad. Everybody
who caw me said I must die. I took five
bottles of the ' Golden Medical Discovery • and
fonr vial* of the
'Pellets,' and to-day j^T^l
ray hsalth is good j£m3w^
after suffering twelve w*o*v*4fl|
years with rheu- v«nL
Doctor Pierce' 3 V?> 4»^fc^.
Pleasant Pellets juffrnffN
assist the • JifiiußsS&m.
action of
covery." JSffjl HHUh SB&Slk 3
C^«yM mum
Launceston In Tasmania has Its electric
lighting system derived from a river that
forma one of the city boundaries.CLOSE GAME IS ANTICIPATED BY
THE WISE ONES.
• Thirty million persons left Europe dur
ing the century just closir ' ¦ * ""— *• their
fortunes in other lands.
Td fix that Hall of Fame all right."
What would be your basts of choice:
**TVhy. I think no man's name ought to
po in there until everybody is dead that
knew him."— Indianapolis Journal
The mounted band of Troop A, Cavalry,
N.G.C., A. Becker, leader, gave Its first
anniversary ', ball last evening In Hoover
Hall. Despite^ the many attractions else
where there .were present a large number
of .ladies and their escorts to enjoy the
excellent music by the band and the well-'
arranged ~i programme of dances. . . Those
present ' were, just before the grand
march, treated to an, additional pleasure
and that was guard mount by the troop,
under command of Captain Jansen. This
feature,: perfect in ' every particular, was
loudly applauded.". The function was un
der the direction of Phil Saphiro. J. "W.
McCauley and Paul Samman, with A. J.
Martin as floor manager.
Troop A's Band.
KOAGLAND WILL ACT
AS AN OFFICIAL
Wisconsin Man Arrives and a Com
promise Is Ef
fected.
The difficulty over the officials was
brought to a close last night by a com
prcmi.se. Unless the flames of disagree
rr.cnt are fanned anew this morning when
the final conference of the powers is held
the officials in to-day's came will be
Ralph Hoagland and Goodwin of Vale.
HoaKland arrived last night and went
immediately to the Palace Hotel to at
tend the meeting. Goodwin. Kelly and
Gildersleove. representing Yost, received
Hoagland. and the four then discussed the
situation. G-Hd«»rsl*>eve. speaking for Yost,
consented to Hoagland an an official. Just
liow Hoagland and Goodwin will officiate,
«(= referee or umpire, will be decided this
Kornlng.
WTXL CARICATURE THE
BERKELEY PROFESSORS
Novel Feature to B* Introduced in
the Show at the .
Tivoli.
The most interesting part of the per-
formance to "be given at the Tivoll
Thanksgiving night by the California stu
dents Is that devoted to the cartoons of
prominent students^ and members of the
faculty drawn by the best college artists;
Such pictures once went exclusively in
the annual Blue and Gold, but since fac
ulty supervision has been established the
boys have invented this novel way of run
ning: stereoptlcon and blograph pictures
in place of the Blue and Gold caricatures.
Influential students In Berkeley yester
day expressed the opinion that. some of
the artist* placed themselves In the same
precarious position as did the editors of
l&W's Blue and Gold, who suffered expul
sion.
FAST HOUNDS WILL
BUN AT UNION PARK
One Hundred and Twelve Nomina
tions Are Made for Saturday
and Sunday's Stake.
The draw for the Saturday aricl Sunday
open stake at Union CourslnR Park was
held last night at Pythian Castle. One
hundred and twelve nominations were
made. On Saturday the first train for. the
park will leave at 10:15 and on Sunday at
9-15 a. m. • Trains will leave to-day at
10:15 a. m. and 1:15 p. m. Following are
the results of the draw:
J. Dean's Gallant vs. A. . Johnson's Mountain
Beauty; J. Carroll's Auckland vs. George Neth
ercott's Floodgate; Joe Perry's . Commodore
Nash vs. E. H. . Mulcaster's ' Safeguard ; Pasha
Kennels' Rude Awakening vs. J. Dean's War
i-o; J. Halton's Tic . Tac vs. ¦ D. J; Healey's
Lady Claire: A. Buker's Kanaka vs. Russell &
Allen's Faithful Lad; Pasha Kennels' ': Rival's
Answer vs. T." J. Cronin's Vixen: Pasha Ken
nels' Risky Attempt vs. R. E. : de B. ; Lopez's
Warrlgal; D. J. Healey's NlcaMa vs. J. Ma
nor's Emma M:. Aeneld, Kennels' Agamomenon
vs. F. Schou's Lady Glenklrk; H. Lynch's Lyd
dite vs. J.- Holden's Scottish Chief; J. : Sher
idan's Forest King vs. Russell & Allen's Talk
to Me; J. P.: Thrift's Sir Hughie vs. Curtis &
Sons' Warpath; .Curtis '& Sons' Tim Murphy
vs. J. Kennedy's Night Time; A. Johnson's
Bald Eagle vs. O. Zahl's Miss Wilson; -R. . L.
Taylor's Beauty Spot vs. Chiarini Bros..*. Bunco
Bill; P. M. Clarkson's Headwater vs. Aeneld
Kennels' Achilles; J. Keenan's Lady Sears vs."
N-. P. Whiting's St., Anthony; H. H. Gray's
Bannockburn vs. Curtis & Sons' Cash; Curtis
& Sons' War Eagle vs. P. Jackson's Golden
Russet: Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead vs.
Chlnrinl Bros.' Santonin; Erwln & Lyons' Sil
ver'Wings vs. J. Keenan's Lundln Links; E."
M. KellogR'3 ; Kid McCoy vs. J. J. Edmonds'
Morning Glory; Pasha Kennels' Reve d'Amour
vs. Russell & Allen's Belle Claire; E.M. Kel
logg's Ben's Babe vs. Curtis & Sons' Kibosh:
Pasha ' KennelB" Rest Assured vs. L. F. Bar
tels' Beer Brewer; J. Dean's Sisquoc vs, R. E.
del.*.. B.V, Lopez's '¦. Weribee; Curtis & Sons'
Cavalier vs. ;'H; A. Deckelman's Rocker;
F. A. McComb'w Sir Pasha vs. J. Cane's Mis-"
Penman; F. Jones' WedgewooU vs. -Curtis &
Sons' Echo: E. M.Kellojrg's Sweet Emma V3.
J. P. -Thrift's Forget: Aeneid Kennels' Flying
Faster vs. K. M. Kellogg'8 Iowa Boy; Russell
& Allen's Castaway vs. Sterl & Knowles 1 Ama
rosa; T. J. " Cronln's Wild Tralee vs. J. pj
Thrift's Tyrone Prince: George Whitney's
Theron vs., Pasha Kennels' Roman ' Athlete;
W.-L. Stevens': Bermuda vs. J. Kennedy's Ever
Sure ;.J.J. Edmonds' Go On vs. Georce Shar
man's .Bowery Boy; T. J. Cronln's Vandal vs.
Georjre • Parkinson's . Ben ' Lomond; K. Bau
ir.eUter's Los Angeles vs. Curtis & Sons' Rosl
nante: T. J. Cronin's Daisy Dale vs. C. Sonar's
Wild Norah; F. A. McComb's Little Sister vs.
Curtis & Sons' McKinley: iR. E.'de B. Lopez's
Diablo vs. J. Button's Master Lawrence; Pasha
Kennels' -. Reckless _¦_ Archer vs.' Geonre ; Shar
man'n Chicago Boy: P. J. Rellly's Honesty vs.
H.' .Lynch'B Gamecock; -, D. Toland's Pleasant
ASafiflMB8WttBHBInBMHHMB«£3&££S£i
Girl vs. A. Van der White's Lear King' H A
Deckelman's Lawrence vs. P. Doyle's Libera
tor; T. Jones' Tom Hurllck vs. R. E. de B
Lopez's Warrlgt>; Russell & Allen's First Foot
vs. L. F. Bartels' Betsy Barrow; Curtis &
Sons' Narcissus vs. G. Lennon's Sir Craw
ford: P. Jackson's Honor Bright vs. R. E de
B. Lopez's. Minnie Wa Wa: Chiarini Bros '
Brass Button vs. T. Tierney's Lucretla Bor-
Kla; Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne vs. O. Zahl's
Miss Allen: J. Cane's Master Davenport vs
Pagha Kennels' Firm Friend; Sterl & Knowles'
For Glory vs. George Nethercntt's Ruby R; L.
G. Hodgklns' Palmnower vs. Russell & Allen's
Weddincr- Bells; * A. Johnson's Lowlander • vs.
L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain.
Girl. 10-0: Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist beat
J. Byrnes Olympus. 10-0; R. E. d» B. Lopez's
Minnie Wa A\a beat T. J. Cronln's Vixen. 10-2
h « Ma » her " C" 0 " 00 Ball beat H. Lynch' s Lilac.'
r. i>. . C ?E.f 8 Vlctor Queen beat ChlarinJ
Brothers' Palmyra. 22-12: B. Silvia's Re-Annex
beat Maher & Reid's N'ellie Bawn, 15-12- Wtt-
U?.T?. J(^?. es ' M °ntana Jack beat J. I. Warren's
Willie Warren. l2-«: L. F. Bartels" Betsy Bar
row beat Pasha Kennels' Reaching- After 3S-*-
J. Dean's Sisquoc beat P. J. Rellly's p et er
« es .}' J$- s - ** G - Hodnkln's Palmflowcr beat
O. Zahl's Toney Bowers. 7-5: H. «. Grays
Bannockburn beat J. J. Warren's Wild Weath
er. 18-7; Russell & Allen's Faithful Lad beat
J. J. Keenan s Dreadnaught, 24-11; J Ken
y '"^ V '« S V re £ at £ A ' Menomb". Bona
£ d 'v 4 ;?/ H ,: L yp5 h » Clalrborne beat McCar
thy & Mnal's Pralrto Princess. 12-g- Paw ha
Kennels' Rest Assured beat F. A. McCombs
Sir Pasha. «H>; Ersklnes & Jones' Lavender
beat D. Reardon's Mollie R. 1-2; Curtis A Sons
McKinley beat R. E. de B. Lopei" W* ri^e!
10-5; J. Dean's Warco beat H. Lynch's Lln
ton. 10-4; J. Cane's Master Davenport beat J J
Kenney's Hot Haste. 19-9: Sterl & Know'leV
For Glory beat J. J. Edmonds" Go On 6-0" E
Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat Russell A Allen's
Belle Claire. 3-1: P. J. Reilly's Royal Union
beat Pasha Kennels' Gold Nugget 3-4- P J
Reilly's The Grafter beat J. I. O'Brien's
Statesman. 25-7: D. J. Healey'a Nlcaslo beat
H. Lynch's Lyddite. 4-0; J. Holden's Scottish
Chief teat J. McEnroe's Admiral Sampson
10-3; N\ P. Waiting's St. Anthony beat H*
Garner's Uncle Ned. 5-0.
Second roun<i— Lady Davenport beat Ben'a
Babe. 2-0: Miss Penman beat Santonin. 10-9-
Cash beat Dairy Maid. •-<>: Sleety Mist a bye :
Minnie Wa Wa beat Cotton Ball. 7-2: Re-Annex
Beat Victor Queen, 5-0; Montana Jack beat
Betay Barrow. «-3; Slsauoc beat Palmflower
20-4: Faithful Lad beat Bannockburn 4.^
Ever Sure beat Clalrborne. 5-0: Lav»n«1er beat
Rest Assured. S-3; McKinley beat Warco, 10-5-
For Glory a bye; Royal Union beat Bonnie
Pasha. 5-4: The Grafter beat NIcasio 10-2-
Scottish Chief beat St. Anthony. 13-7. *
Third round— Lady Davenport beat Miss Pen
man. 6-0; Sleety Mist beat Cash. 4-3; Re-Annex
beat Minnie Wa Wa. 13-5: Slsquoc beat Moun
tain Jack. »-t: Faithful Lad beat Ever Sure
7-5: Lavender a bye: Royal Union beat For
Olory. S-7; The Grafter beat Scottish Chief
Fourth round— Lady Davenport beat Sleat*
Mist. 7-4: Re-Annex beat Slsauoc. J-S; Royal
Union a bye: Lavender beat The Grafter £.*
Fifth round— Re-Annex beat Lady D&vennort
4-2; Lavender beat Royal Union. 10-t nport '
Deciding course-Re-Annex beat Larendw.
Coach Yost, when seen last night, was in a happy mood and
had the following to say of his team:
"I have the greatest confidence in my squad both as a body
of men and as a team. The boys have a good knowledge of the
game and are In the spirit to put up the best, fight that is In
them. .1 have never seen a more willing, patient or conscien
tious set of fellows in my life, and I am sure the college! will
have a right to feel proud of them to-morrow night. .The team
work has greatly Improved during the last few days until now
the men can go through a series of difficult plays without a
hitch. I am somewhat worried over the condition of some of
the men who have been Injured In the recent practices, but
trust they will come out all right under Dr. Murphy's care. I
feel confident we will win over Berkeley to-morrow and by a
good score. By this I do not mean to Imply that we have a
walkover, for we haven't, nor do we expect one. I base my
assertion on the fact that Stanford's Is a scoring team. How
ever, the California team may .score also, but I think not so
often as the cardinal."
Yost Is Satisfied That Cardinal
Eleven Will Win Out.
B. Silvia's clever grephound Reannex
captured the midweek reserve stake at
Union Park yesterday, beating Erskine &
Jones' Lavender pointless in the deciding
round. Both dogs rial good work through
out the stake, though the runner-up was
well worn when she was brought to the
slips for the final. On three occasions
Lavender won on the short end. getting
the flag from Rest Assured at 5 to 4 in the
second round, and beating P. J. Reilly's
fast ones, The Grafter at 2 to 1 and Royal
Union at 5 to \. in the fourth and fifth.
The last course was too much for the
game little one, and try as she would she
could not score against her better condi
tioned opponent. Reannex had all the
work that was coming to her, but re
sponded In good shape. Twice she took
the decision from favorites, Minnie Wa
Wa at 5 to 3 and Sisquoc at 2 to 1.
It was a good day for the pikers. In all
twenty upsets being recorded. In the run
down Ben's Babe 6eat Olita at 6 to 1.
Lady Davenport beat Best Bargain at 4 to
1. Cash beat Liberator and Cotton Ball
beat Lilac at 5 to 3. Rest Assured beat Sir
Pasha, Bonnie Pasha beat Belle Claire
and NIcasio beat Lyddite at 2 to 1.
In the second round Miss Penman beat
Santonin and Scottish Chief beat St. An
thony at o to S. and Montana Jack beat
Betsy Barrow at 3 to 1. Sleety Ml»t beat
Cash at 2 to 1, Faithful Lad beat Ever
Sure at 3 to 1 and Royal Union beat For
Glory at 5 to 3 In the third round. The
favorites failed to show in the fourth.
Belle Claire beat Royal Union In a bye
at 5 to 2 and Lady Davenport won from
Sleety Mist at the same odds. Iowa Maid
beat Virginia Girl in a one-sided go. The
latter was slipped for the first time and
refused to follow the game.
- The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, first round— E. M. Kellogg**
Ben's Babe beat Sterl & Knowles' Ollta, 3-1;
J. H. Perigo's Lady Davenport beat L. F. Bar
tel«' Best Bargain. 6-4; Chiartnl Brothers' San
tonin beat Kay Brothers* Hawker, 5-2; J.
Cane's ' Miss Penman beat J. Keenan's L*dy
Sears. 14-2: Curtis & Sons' Cash beat P. Doyle' »
Liberator. 4-2: R. B. de B. Lopez's Dairy Maid
beat S. E. Portal's Cannon Ball. »-0; E. 11.
Kellosg's Iowa Maid beat W. Oroen'a Virsint*
BERKELEY. Nov. 2<v_Thc prospects
for Berkeley appear much brighter than
they did twenty-four hours ago. The men
are in hearty spirits. Although not over
confident, they will enter the game to
morrow with a k^cn sense of their own
Ftrength and ability and with^a do or dio
determination. /
Signal practice was held this evening.
Tbe men did their work in splendid shape,
playing remarkably 'fast ball. Hudson
was in line. His arm has improved great
lv during the last twelve hours and he
will be able to take his place at left end.
Captain Pringle' s knee has ceased to give
alarm The manner in which he got over
the ground in practice this evening shows
that lhere is nothing serious the. matter
will be unable to act as substi
tute left end. The ligaments were torn
from his ankle during practice yesterday
and he is now on crutches./ Premo s In-
jured knee has not proved serious and he
will substitute at that position. Berke
ley's two big guards. Overall and Clay,
are responsible for the injuries of Dlb
blee and Premo. • It Is rather a. painful
illustration of the smashing ball these two
men play even against a second eleven.
They are both hard men to stop when in
motion.
Berkeley's left end Is acknowledged -to
b^ weak. The coaches feH, however, that
this is no serious drawback to the general
standard of the team, for Stanford's op
posing team is equally as weak.
C. A. Pringle. '-apta'in of the team, paid
to-night: "The team we have is the best
that could be picked. The line is strong
nnd. If It plays at -Its best should hold
Stanford. The backs are working togeth
er well and will yield no advantage to
Stanford. We shall play ball from start
to finish. We shall not be stampeded and
It Is quite needlfss to say that there Isn't
a aruitter In the eleven. Certainly a truer
and more willing set of men never went
on a college gridiron." •.
at Union Park.
REANNEX THE WINNER OF MIDWEEK STAKES
• - ¦
Result of Wednesday's Coursing Events Out
Kelly Is Not So. Sanguine, but
Expects to Be on Top.
Coach Addlson W. Kelly said last night: "Tho training this
year has been directed toward the perfection of the offense.
Our defense has been stronger and could stand lack of attn
tion more than our offense. We Tiave had to make so many
changes that bur team work has been hindered. We have also
had to play our old varsity men tco much.
"I am satisfied though with the team, as It stands. It will
»glve a good account of itself to-morrow. Much more than this
I do not care to say. It is far better to leave prejudgment
alone. The game to-morrow will be the test. As far as the
I playing of the men goes I have every reason to believe— in fact.
I know It— that there will be no shirkers wearing ,the blue and
gold colors. The practice during the last few days has been
brisk and full of ginger. It showed the possibilities of the
team's play. *
"The Injury to our left end came at a most Inopportune time.
And this ill luck seems to have hit California on several occa
sions during the season. The team as it stands is the best that
we could get/together. Of course I think we will win."
COLLEGIANS AT BERKELEY ARE
HOPEFUL.
COACHES TALK OF THE GAME'S CHANCES.
. The two teams being possessed of fine
scoring force.- the winner must be the one
which best takes advantage of its power,
gets the Jump from the start and further
plays with precision, for slips will cause
touchdowns.
Duden, who will at least move with some
thing of the speed of the two fast half
backs. Barring the unfortunate accident
which will probably' incapacitate little
Hudson, the regular left end, who, how
ever, under Al Lean's care of yesterday
and to-day may be in shape, the line of
California has stiffened up considerably.
Granting that the left wing, composed of
Clay, Albertson and Hudson or Williams,
bears the earmarks of greenness, still the.
men have evinced a deal of dash ana
spirit in the late practice games. Al Lean,
who at the eleventh hour has taken
charge of some of the varsity injured,
says that Captain Pringle will last tn«?
entire game. Clay and Cornish are fit
after illness. Womble is at right end and
is playing a game of high standard, but
less a little of the old-time sureness, ow
ing to the worry caused by the field cap
tain's duties. The feeling among the Cal
ifornia players Is much, the same as at
Stanford. The fine work of the team dur
ing the past week has put plenty of con
fidence Into the men— the same normal,
safe confidence.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 2S.—
To-night the Stanford team Is well pre
pared for to-morrow's contest, and neither
coach nor players have any complaints to
make. The men spent a comparatively
quiet day. ' At 9 o'clock this morning Yost
had the men on the field, and for two
hours kept them busy running signals
and smoothing off the rough places. The
formations were close and quick. There
was practically no fumbling, which shows
that Quarterback Raitt has attained hlj
usual good form. The work of the for
wards was "especially pleasing. The men
showed more dash and vim than at any
time during the season. Traeger. De For
est and Seeley are In the best of physical
shape. Burnett's wrenched knee has ma
terially improved during the last twenty
four hours and it now looks as if he would
be able to last the game out. Centerrush
Lee, who has been troubled with a. like
Injury, is also much better and will be
seen In the first line-up. McFadden and
PALO ALTO TEAM IS WELL
PREPARED FOR BATTLE.
Cooper will line up on the ends, with
Stanford and Luck ready to go in at any
stage of the game should a change be
deemed necessary. Back of the line the
cardinal will be represented by a quartet
of fast backs. Raitt is conceded the best
quarter on the coast. wKile Slaker at full
lit one of Walter Camp's choices for all-
America honors. Hill and Erb will play
the halves. Both are strong defensive
players and run strong with the ball.
The men were gathered In a close room
this afternoon, where Coach Yost lectured
them on the game.
The team will leave Palo Alto In a spe
cial car attached to the Monterey flyer
On reaching the city they will be taken
directly to the Y. M. C. A. Club building,
where dressing rooms with showers have
been provided. They will lunch early at
a downtown cafe and leave early for the
grounds In a special car at 2 o'clock. The
students will have a special train leaving
the campus at 8:30. bearing the university
band and rooters. The college band will
give a concert in the lobby of the Palaca
Hotel at 11 o'clock.
AFTER taking the given facts of the
situation at both colleges and
running them through the sieve
of unprejudlce, the consensus of
opinion seems to be that the
game of to-day will be very closely con
tested. It is the seemingly logical deduc
tion that the match will not be as one
sided an affair as those of recent years.
Both teams have scoring possibilities and
besides both sides will not run up against
an Impregnable defense, Stanford has
shown superior offensive form during the
season, notably in the 44 to 0 game with
Reliance, but her strength in this direc
tion has been dissipated somewhat during
the past week by having the setting of
varsity men jumbled about where a num
ber of substitutes took the places of
bruised and injured varsity men. Further,
mere especial attention has been given to
the weaker defensive play than to the of
fensive, and with the season's actual grid-
Iron practice over, head coach. and assist
ants do not feel that anything like a per
fect system of resistance has been
reached. Summed up, the opinion amonp
the well-informed Stanford followers of
football is that the eleven will balance
fairly well In all departments of the game,
that it will display the heavy scoring abil
ity brought out three weeks ago, but re
cently of rather a latent nature, and last
ly that the players who compose the
varsity have the safe, normal amount of
confidence and good spirit and a realiza
tion that they are to meet a worthy grid
iron foe in the men of the blue and gold.
A prominent member of the varsity stated
yesterday that the group of players as a
unit felt that success lay in getting the
jump on California in the first ten min
utes of play. This the men expect to do,
and as, a result of it to secure a victory
by a close margin. The men further say
that the reports of betting of two to one
and ten to six in Stanford's favor had not
engendered a feeling of overconfldence
among them. They consider that they
have an equal chance to win as conditions
present themselves now, the advantage to
be determined during the game and not
before.
California's team has made a fast finish.
Of that there is no doubt. Three weeks
ago the team on form was robbed of a
hope of victory. More, at quarterback,
and Captain Pringle are back In the game
to stay. Gammon proved v find at left
half and materially strengthens the back
Held power of attack. Overall Is sup
planted by a faster man, either Braley or
"Bet? Why bet 10-6 until you destroy
the national credit? McKinley would be
a poor 'placer' in a dual meet alongside
this team. Thanksgiving night wilt be a
warm one for Stanford. Say. I really feel
bad for that combination color. Well. It's
only getting even. They rubbed It Into us
the last two years. The year 1900 will be
a football glory for the cardinal. That's
all there is to it."
"What did you say about Burnett's knee
and Seeley's ribs? Oh, they are all right,
as you will find out to-morrow. The. knee
is strong and the floater Is anchored. No
matter, we can't lose lor this very reason
— Stanford is stronger on the offense than
California, and just as strong on the de
fense. Stanford's line is more mucilagin
ous than California's. The cardinal backs
are 1 as good as the blue and gold's. Stan
ford's team will outweigh California's.
And — there you are.
field something of the avalanche order Is
going to happen. Then Hill ajid Erb and,
the mighty Slaker. all coached with Raitt.
the passer and. team general, will tear
holes in California's line big enough to
send ships through. But that Isn't all.
There's Traeger and De Forrest and Mc-
Fadden, Lee. Burnett «nd Cooper, all the
best in their kind and in good enough
physical condition to last two games.
Well. I guess I've named eleven world
beaters, and Isn't It strange they are on
one team?
WELL, this is like the old-time
cardinal years," shouted the
deep-dyed Stanford support
er. "Did you ever see any
thing like it? Before the sun
sets to-morrow there will be a lot of sorry,
peaked faces from Berkeley In this town,
and all the gold In seven kingdoms will be
covered with ultramarine.
"Now. I'll prove to you In a min
ute that California hasn't a chance
in the world. First, look at the
Reliance games. Did California ever
pile up forty-four points In a single
game? Why. the blue and gold team
hardly scored that many all season. And
it was done with ease. too. No. you can't
get away from it this year; it's so easy
it would be a shame for Yost to tell his
men to play before the game begins.
"What do you say about that Nevada
game? Oh, that's explained in a minute.
Every team goes wrong one day In a sea
son. That time was Stanford's when the
cardinal met the Xevadans. But there
has been such a recovery from that epilep
tic shock that Stanford to-day is a tower
of strength.
"Where Is there another Just like Seeley?
When he gets the ball and goes down the
LINE-UP OF THE TEAMS.
CALIFORNIA POSITIONS STANFORD
WOMBL5 Right End Left McFADDEN
PRINGLE (Capt,) .. Right Tackle Left TRAEGER
OVERALL Right Guard Left DE FORREST
CORNISH Center LEE
CLAY Left Guard Right SEELEY*
ALBERTSON Left Tackle Right. . . . .... BURNETT (Capt.)
WILSON F .........Left End Right .'. COOPER
MORE Quarter RAITT
SMITH Right Half Left HILL
GAMMON Left Half Right ERB
DUDEN ! Fullback SLAKER
care a splash of mud if they break each
others' faces in doing it either. If Stan
ford is going to get any advantage which
will put Berkeley on the short end at
10 to 6. it will not be the fault of her leti;
gimrd. Clay.
"Bull" Albertson weighs but ISO pounds.
He has for his opposing tackle "Bab""
Burnett, the pet and idol of the men of
Stanford, who weig'hs twenty pounds
more, and has a good head to profit by
his three years of play. But it is admit
ted by all that gritty and brave as "Babe"
is. his injured knee may be too much for
him. and flesh will fail where his spirit
would drive.
Between the two other ends. Hudson.
Berkeley's left, and Cooper on Stanford's
right, there is no such apparent difference
as would account for the frightful attack,
of chilblains from which the blue and
gold are suffering, even if Cooper does
weigh twenty pounds more.
Coming to the backs, who have to bo
all over and fight the whole field if need
be. there appears to be still an even thing
of it. for Stanford is certainly under a
handicap by reason of the interruption in
the work when Raitt was called away.
Johnnie More, quarterback of the blue
and gold team, has a bad knee. Taking
those two men in the balance together, al
though not directly opposed to each other,
there might be a small advantage in favor
of Stanford, but in the halfbacks this is
certainly countered by "Locomotive"
Smith, as valued with his namesake "Pie"
Smith or Billy Erb, who in his wild
dodge? has sometimes risked carrying
the ball backward in order to get around
interference, even at the risk of losing
many precious yards. "Locomotive"
Smith has no weak points that a Berke
ley man, or any one else for that matter,
could point out, unless possibly he may
have suffered a little from * excessive
i training, but the rest and light signal
1 work of the last few days should have
cured that defect.
Duden. Berkeley's fullback, is the best
figure of any man on the field. Slaker of
Stanford has a bad rib. Gammon of Cali
fornia is surprisingly fast, and- In the very
place where, according to the make-up
of the team, his work will count to the
best advantage. Stanford's half. Hill,
was out last year but is playing well.
The very erratic . variations of form
which both teams have shown in their
play with visitors cannot be taken as of
any value in forecasting. Particularly is
that the case in the Stanford-Reliance
game at Stanford, when only two of the
Reliance men were in perfect condition
and the score was a fright.
To sum up. the lines are about equal:
the quarters are balanced, with the
chances in favor of Raitt. The ends com
pared give Berkeley a decided advantage.
Her splendid interference is enough cer
tainly to offset any.advantage which Stan
ford might gain from mass plays on weak
points.
CALIFORNIA vs. Stanford. 10 to 6!
With California on the short end."
"It should be even money and
take .your choice," said a man
who has made the odds on games
before this.
Figures don't lie and money talks, and
Br-rkeley money seems to be talking with
a very small voice. But do not presume
to tell a Berkeley freshman that his "var
sity" team is not good, or that any man
en !t Is inferior to the man under the red
robe who will buck up against him. And
Just to show you that yon are wrong they
will compare the teams man by man, and
If Berkeley is lacking by a hairs weight
in the balance, no one has yet discovered
it.. ' . . . ¦
Here is the way they stack up against
each other:
To begin with there Is "Wreck" Womble
en Berkeley's right end, who weighs in
his football armor 105 pounds and has
had three years' successful play, which
should give him the heart and confidence
that makes a man three times a mart
when the time of need comes. Opposed to
him there is the uncertainty of McFad
df-n r,r Luck, for McFadden may. at the
la«=t minute, be recalled to take Burnett's
place, in case the big "Babes" knee gives
out under his 200 pounds weight. McFafl
den has had but two years" play and if
he is compelled to leave his place it must
be filled by Luck of the second team, who
Is doing first year's work and might rea
sonably be expected to lack the confidence
and experience which mean so much un
6fT the strain of feeling when ten thou
sand eyes are on him.
Captain Pringle. Berkeley's right tackle,
has ISO pounds weight and four years of
creditable play — plenty of "front" to put
up against Traeger. Stanford's left tackle,
who has an equal weight but two years
lefs of experience.
The "Giant" Overall is a new man. but
eo rapidly has he come to thc> front and
eo fierce his play that it will b*- a wonder
if he t? not the "mogul" of football en
pines a? Smith is the "locomotive." Dc
Forest. Stanford's left puard. is twenty
pounds lighter to offset his two years of
experience, and even if Berkeley m^n will
put up but 6 to 10 there is not one of them
mho will admit that Stanford's left guard
can equal Berkeley's rignt. f
Cornish. Berkeley's center, has a heav
ier man against him. "Tub" Lee. but Lee
has a bad knee, a very bad knee, and 204
pounds weight on it.
Just past the center there are going to
\>f "things doing." if the talk on the
bleachers is not all v.Tcns. for Clay of
Berkeley has Seeley of Williams against
him. Whatever the rest of the team does.
t>oth of those two guards are going to
rrcak their own records, and they don't
STANFORD SUPPORTER
SCENTS VICTORY
CALIFORNIA'S PARTISAN
SAYS, "WE'LL WIN."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1900.
5
VARSILIES READY FOR THE PRAYWhen Mrs. Lively of a Maryland town chased her
husband and tore away his shoulder with a rifle ball
the gentleman must have been sorry that when the
lady decided to accept his name she took it alto
gether too literally. *
Kwang'Su, the Chinese Emperor, declares that he
is opposed to a return to Peking while the' foreign
troops arc there as he fears he will "lose his face."
He should have a care or his head will be included
in the loss of his face.
%^/M ¦
«™«tn SSalSS JESSES,
Hlf « ivsz HI
MsSgSm
WINDFALL-B. N., City.: The .origin
of i "windfall" as applied to an expected
P? ecG . °J Kood fortune Is from an ancient
fcmriuh cuotom hv which certain of the
BASEBALL— J. B.,\ Crescent City, Cal.
If a fly ball is, batted .with no base runner
on bases and ,o*ne fielder makes an effort
to catch the ball, but' It bounds .'out of his
hand and is caught*by another fielder be
fore it' touches the ground, the batter Is
not out. \lt, caught by the same fielder
that tried to catch it the batter would be
out: . If three strikes be called on, tho
batsman by the umpire (no men on bases)
and the catcher fails to hold the third
strike, the batsman, not hearing the um
pire call thejthird strike/stops a moment,
is told by the captain to run, does so and
beats the ball to first base, he Is out for
stopping. ¦-¦'¦; ...
POPULATION— G. H. B,, Ctty. Accord
ing to the census for. the current year the
population of the State of California is
1.485,053 and that of the city of New York,
that is Greater New.. York, is 3.437,202.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
On the other side it is.argued that while the Senate
can purge itself from a membership obtained through
improper methods, it would unduly stretch its power
should it undertake to say that the man denied mem
bership in one instance shall not attain it thereafter
even if there be no charge of bribery in the second
instance. It is claimed that if a man guilty of'pro
curing an election to the United States Senate by
bribery is to be disqualified forever, the disqualifica
tion should be the result of State action and not by
an arbitrary act of the Senate itself.
Of course no one has at this time any information
One authority says it is very probable a majority
of the Senators will hold that disqualification oh ac
count of bribery cannot be evaded by^a resignation
clearly Intended for the purpose of escaping condem
nation, and that having been disqualified once upon
that ground the offender cannot afterward become
eligible. It is further argued- that the case against
Clark is the stronger because it is certain that in the
last campaign he spent more money to procure an
election than he ever did before.
A QUESTION of considerable nicety is engag
ing the attention of political experts in Wash
ington in connection with the case of Mr. Gark
of Montana. It will be remembered that when that
distinguished statesman presented his credentials at
the last session of Congress a fight was made against
him; it was alleged he had. obtained his election by
briber)', and a committee was appointed to investigate
the charges. The committee reported that the
charges had been sustained, but before the Senate
took any action upon the report Clark resigned. It is
row fairly certain he will be re-elected, for he has the
Montana Legislature in the hollow of his hand. The
question is .whether the Senate will admit him on his
new credentials or /eject him because he has once
been 'found guilty of bribery.
f! UULST1ON FOR THE SENATE.
Bert Dunn, a merchant of Etna Mills,
Slsklyou County, is in the city, preparing
for an extended trip through the Eastern
States. , - ¦¦* -;-.;;
J. L. Carter, with his wife and child, ar
rived at the Russ yesterday from Hawaii,
where Mr. Carter owns a large plantation.
R. G. Morrison, the Bakersneld oil man.
Is In town and is making his headquarters
at the Russ. ';' ,
George K. Rider, the well known Sacra
mento business man. was among yester
day's arrivals at the Grand.
J. R. Walter and C. A. Walter,* prom
inent Salt Lake City bankers, are at tha
Occidental. .Y\-
W. B. Buckminster. an extensive Bos
ton mining man. is one of the Mate arri
vals at the Palace.
Judge J. "W". Turner of Eureka Is at the
Russ.
Dr. J. G. Thompson of Oakdale Is at the
Falace.
A. W. Fox. a mining man from Oregon.
is at the Grand.
Mr. end Mrs. Felix Nelcke are going to
Europe for six months.
Solomon Levy, a prominent Vlsalla mer
chant, is resrtstered at the Grand.
Dr. Nell C.\ Trevor of the United States
nnvy. is registered at the Occidental.
D. G. Overall, the Vlsalia hotel man. la
stopping at the Grand for a few days.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The Coming Legislature.
The coming Legislature will have no
United States Senator to elect, but it
might popularize i itself by giving the
greater part of its time to repealing a
thousand and one vicious laws that may
be found in the statutes.— SANTA MON
ICA OUTLOOK.
Tlie New Ballot.
The new ballot has been subjected to a
t?st and worked fairly well. Its primary
effect was doubtless to lead to a stricter
party vote than had been customary un
der the old form of ballot. The difficulties
of counting seem to be more pronounced
in California than in any other State in
the Union. We know more about the vote
of the Eastern States on election night
than we do of California the next day —
RED BLUFF PEOPLE'S CAUSE.
Sonoma County Boulevard. (
The road connecting Santa Rosa and
Sebastopol Bhould be a beautiful boule
vard with a row of thrifty and beautiful
trees on either side. The portion of the
road that is not. traveled should be culti
vated and kept free of weeds. It would be
well if all the fences were removed ex
cept where pasture lands border the high
way and these should be kept in good con
dition. The proper improvement of this
piece of road would add largely to the
selling price of bordering lands— SANTA
ROSA REPUBLICAN.
Voting Reform Demanded. \
One reform in voting is Imperatively de
manded. The voting machine Is an urgent
need. The people will not long continue to
wait for this reform. The politicians
might as well take note of this. They can
no more prevent -the adoption of this
method of voting than they> could prevent
the adoption of the Australian ballot sys
tem. We all remember ' how hard they
tried. But they had to give way before
the determination of the people to
have a better system of voting. Now they
will have to give way before the
same determination, for voting by ma
chine is simply the next step in ballot
reform.— WOODLAND DEMOCRAT.
Sutter Creek's Need.
One of the needs of Sutter Creek at the
present time is a pound yard. The cattle
that parade our streets day after day are
a nuisance and it has become intolerable.
Horses are turned loose on the streets and
are - permittd to roam wherever they
please, endangering the lives of small
children, as well as older persona, for it is
no uncommon thing to see a horse tearing
No town In the States heaped more
abuse upon Orovillo than Los Angeles
when we first began to cultivate oranges
here for commercial purposes. The Los
Angeles papers made all kinds of fun of
this as an orange section and extracts
were taken from the journals of that citv
twelve or fourteen years ago would show
many things said of the. frozen region
where we cover our trees with blankets.
We recall these points Just to emphasize
the fact that within the past ten days five
carloads of oranges have been shipped
from Oroville to — where do you think'
Why, Los Angeles. Gardella & Son grew
the oranges and a I#)s Angeles firm
bought them— OROVILLE REPORTER.
Sources of Rainfall. ., |,V;
It may safely be -concluded that the
sources of our rainfall are entirely be
yond the confines of our State, and equally
beyond the control of its inhabitants. Anil
fortunate it is that such is the case; oth
erwise the rapid destruction of our forests
by tire- and the ax of the lumberman
would before many years lead to the most
serk>us results. Whatever influences the
California forests may have relate to the
flow of the rivers and springs and the
storage of water for irrigation, and not to
the precipitation of rain or snow to anv
material extent. And as regards conserva*
tion of moisture there is reason to believe
that the importance of the original for
est.s in this State, large as it may be. has
been greatly exaggerated by theorists
who have based their conclusions on the
experience of other countries having sim
ilar climatic conditions. Th»re Is miioh
trustworthy evidence going to show that
our California forest aria, when denuded
and if guarded against sheep and fire is
soon reclothod %y a vigorous second
growth of woods In most Instances this
second growth affording a more complete
protection to the ground than does the
primeval forest, from which undergrowth
is almost entirely absent, and whofe * a Vt
extent of foliage results in the dlapeAfon
of enormous quantities of water by trani
piratlon.-SACRAMENTO BEE
through the streets at lightning speed,
giving people little or no time to get out
of the road. "While cows are less danger
ous to human life, yet it may be said that
they do considerable damage. Some cows
«ro experts at opening gates .ind they
very often find palatable focd in some
tody's vegetable garden. If the owners of
these animals persist in turning: them
loose on the itreet* they will hear of Mr.
A or B having mighty cheap beef some of
these fine days.— AMADOR RECORD.
Oranges at Oroville.
SPIRIT OF CALIFORNIA PRESS
Editorial Opinion From All Parts of the State
on Matters of Interest.
We are thus promised wireless telegraphy across
the Atlantic within the coming year. Truly Marconi's
invention moves rapidly. * "
Signor Marconi's infinite capacity for taking pains has
enabled him to construct on apparatus whereby he can
lengthen the air waves to an almost unlimited extent.
Furthermore, by the same ingenious device sound will
be made to travel close to the surface of the ocean 'over,
the whole ' distance, thus circumventing the dreaded
difficulty, presented by the curvature of the, earth.
Hence the masts erected at Southampton and on Long
Island need not. it is now contended, be higher than the
roof cf a New York skyscraper.
It will be seen the only ( objection to wireless tele
graphy for general use at present is the lack of speed
in transmitting messages. It is certainly not too much
to expect improvements will be shortly made which
will overcome that defect. The question of long dis
tance telegraphing seems virtually settled, according
tc the London correspondent of the New York Her
ald, whose dispatch of yesterday stated:
It seems highly probable that before long the various
channel steamboat companies will, be licensed by the
postofflce to make use of wireless telegraphy Installa
tions as a means of communication between the different
vessels and the shore. Regarding its general adoption
on land, however, it is pointed out that the present
"wire" systetm is capable of far greater Bpeed than is
possible .with the Marconi apparatus. The latter does
not appear to be capable of transmitting more than
eight or ten words a minute, whereas the Wheatstone
instrument at present used by the telegraph department
transmits from 200 to 300 words in the same time. If
the Marconi system could do this the postofflce would
be only too glad to get rid of all its present wires.
We directed attention a short time ago to experi
ments made by the British postoffice authorities for
the purpose of determining whether they could profit
ably make use of wireless telegraphy in the postal
telegraph system. The results of the experiments, it
appears, have not. been altogether satisfactory. The
London Chronicle, in giving an account of them,
The latest reports are to the effect that certain
experiments made by Marconi demonstrate an, ability
to telegraph without v/ires over distances so vast that
the inventor deems himself on the verge of accom
plishing the feat of sending messages across the,At
lantic. Such a feat would not be more remarkable
than what he has already achieved, for since a method
has been devised for sending dispatches through the
air, over mountains and in the midst of storms, for
a distance of fifty miles, the extension of the dis
tance is a mere matter of increasing the force of the
radiant energy at the point of discharge.
P\A ARCONI'S improvements in wireless teleg
/ \ raphy continue to furnish some of the more
important items of the news of the day. The
man is a tireless worker and is rapidly extending the
powers and perfecting the methods of his invention.
So far has he progressed that there are now reaUy
valid reasons for believing that within a compara
tively few years wireless telegraphy may almost com
pletely supersede telegraphy by wire.
MARCONI'S IMPROVEMENTS.
There is no reason as yet to abandon the hope that
the new management of the Southern Pacific will take
the corporation out of politics. Still, we must not
trust too much to that hope. Mr. Herrin's activity
continues to be more pernicious to the State than
beneficial to the railroad company. The Republicans
of California can beat him, however, if they set them
selves resolutely to the task. He was beaten in the
last Legislature in his effort to elect a disreputable
tool of the railroad to the United States Senate. He
was beaten at the last election in his efforts to defeat
men who had opposed him in the Senatorial
fight, and also in his efforts to elect some
of the most notorious of the railroad gang to
the Legislature. From those victories of ihe past
the people can draw omens of victories to come, pro
vided they be equally resolute in fighting for them.
The issue is worth meditating upon, even on Thanks
giving day. We can take no chances with the tire
less, astute and unscrupulous men who are now
scheming to defeat the popular demand for a primary
law in the interest of honest politics.
A valid primary law, drawn in such a way as to
prevent the frauds that were committed in the pri
maries at the last election, is an essential to good
government in California. There is no other way
by which honest men can have a chance to control
party conventions and assure the nomination or
worthy men for every office at stake. Such a law must
be framed by men who desire honesty. The tools of
the bosses and the lawyers of the railroad will not
fisnie that kind of law. Either they will so frame
the act as to maintain the power of the bosses, or
else they will deliberately embody in it some uncon
stitutional provision, so as to have it killed by the
courts on the eve of the next election.
There is danger ahead of the primary law. *As was
announced yesterday, information has been received
by The Call that a lawyer well known in politics is
row engaged in framing a bill for a primary law and
has been in frequent consultation with \V. F. Her
rin, of the Southern Pacific Railroad, on the sub
ject. Unless Hcrrin has received orders from the
new Tsj.:iagers of the Southern Pacific to change his
political methods, his interest in the law is certainly
not going to be on the side of honesty. The man
who brought Kelly and Crimmins back to power in
city politics, who sought to procure Dibble's re
election to the Legislature, and who profited so much
by the wide-open primaries of the year, is not 'likely
to favor a law which will give honest men a fair
chance in the primaries. Consequently the report that
he is being consulted on the terms of the proposed
law is enough to warn good citizens to be on their
guard.
ONE of the events of the year for which good
Caiifornians will not give thanks to-day is the
action of the Supreme Court in overthrowing
the primary iaw; and consequently one of the things
for which they will give thanks is that they may have
a new law enacted by the Legislature this winter.
When thanks are given on that score, however, they
should be accompanied by a resolve to watch the is
sue closely and to see to it that when the time comes
for action the Legislature shall provide a law in the
interest of honest politics, and not in that of the
Losses.
PRIMARY LfJW PROBLEMS.
Mr. Hughes once successfully exhibited at the Cat Show a Bowery cat, de
scribed with a bogus pedigree, which took first prize. He has perpetrated various
other jokes which have received much publicity.
"After the mare looked presentable I had my daughter ride her and get her
accustomed to the saddle. I found it difficult to break Puldeka from starting
whenever a bell rang, and at first it was almost impossible to get her to go ahead
any other way. .
' "The judges and veterinary surgeons made their preliminary examination and
decided Puldeka was a fit steed to compete with the other high-class horses. This
is in Itself a great victory. Think of It! An old skate of a car horse officially
Judged to be an animal of class high enough to compete at the National Horse
Show."
"I had her properly fed," Mr. Hughes said, "and consulted a veter
inary surgeon as to the best way of developing her best qualities. We gave her a
r tonic pill consisting of strychnia, dlalyzed iron and arsenious acid. This pill Pul
' deka took regularly, and the 'way she took on sleekness and flesh was marvelous.
I hired a groom especially for her and told him if he could get Puldeka in such
shape as to win a prize half of the money should be his.
The story of Puldeka Orphan dates back to last September when Mr. Hughes
bought her for $1150 and sent her to his country place at Brlchton. There with
proper feeding the animal showed marked improvement, and Mr. Hughes decided
to bring her up to the Horse Show standard.
None of the true blue thoroughbreds received half the attention and outer
show that graced the quarters of the car horse. Puldeka was ridden for inspec
tion by Miss Clara Hughes, Mr. Hughes' 18-year-old daughter, who recently grad
uated from a convent, where she was valedictorian. She has inherited her fath
er's love of a Joke. ,
deka Orphan and have been none the wiser. The old car horse was stalled in No.
603. Mr. Hughes spared no expense in decorating her stable.' It was covered on
each side with red velvet. Chrysanthemums, roses and lilac were decked about
the walls. AH evening two grooms in full livery stood at either Bide of the stall.
-So completely had Mr. Hughes carried out his plans that after the exhibition
the Judges were still unaware of the trick perpetrated on them. He succeeded in
placing as his entry in competition for a prize against the highest class horses In
the country a steed which formerly romped in front of a Fifty-ninth street cross
town car from East to North River.
Thousands who have toured the stalls at the Horse Show have looked on Pul-
won no prize.
PULDEKA ORPHAN," brushed and combed from ears to fetlock, proudly
strode onto the tanbark at the recent New York Horse Show in company
of twenty-five equally well-groomed thoroughbreds competing for blue rib
bon honors in the saddle class. A glance at the catalogue showed the fol
lowing entry: "Puldeka Orphan— by Metropolitan, dam Electricity." Had
the Judges read slowly, says a writer in the New York World, they might have
noticed that Puldeka Orphan is in rhythm very like "pulled" a car often" and
have learned that ranker counterfeit never figured in a horse trade than "Pul
deka Orphan," reincarnation of a car horse and relic of the Metropolitan Street
Railway Company before electricity took the place of horse motive power.^
. Brian G. Hughes, practical Joker, had foisted Puldeka Orphan on the Horse
Show managers, fooled a credulous public and scored another jokei But his horse
PROSPERITY in America will be the theme of
ten thousand discourses to-day; and there may
be on the part of some a suspicion that we are
overrating our greatness and exaggerating the
wealth our industry t our enterprise and our thrift have
developed from the rich resources of our matchless
country. It is, therefore, worth recalling that^ our
progress has been noted abroad as well as at-home,
and that it is not patriotism only that causes us to
exult. The facts justify our enthusiasm and our jubi
lation. Foreign authorities as well as thefsc in our
own land have noted our progress with admiration.
The London Economist in a recent review of the
financial and industrial situation of the United States
said:
Never has the American nation possessed so much
accumulated wealth ready to flow Into any enterprise
of promise. Never have her industries been so well able
to meet competition in the home and In the world's mar
kets. Never has the production of. her mines been so
great. Xever have -her farms- produced more valuable
crops of cereals and cotton, nor the farmers possessed
more numerous and more valuable flocks and herds.
Never have the railroads been- able to transport her
'products and people more economically, expeditiously
and profitably, and we may add that never have the
railroads been so strong, both physically and financially,
as they are now. Whatever form new enterprise may
take, that there will be an outburst of it is reasonably
certain, bearing in mind how great the savings of the
country have been during the last four years and how
little outlet there is for investment profitably of thoso
savings outside American jurisdiction. Within the
United States' itself and in Its new colonies acquired
from Spain there are, on the other hand, almost bound
less opportunities for profitable Investment, and there
fore an outburst of new enterprise is to be looked for
as almost inevitable.
As to our political condition and prestige as a world
power, Sir Robert Giffen, statistician of the London
Beard of Trade, said a few days ago:
If we consider that an empire like that of Britain
has its strength rathex diminished than increased by the
possession of territories like India, then the United
States, having a larger European population than that
of the Eritish empire, may be considered the most pow
erful state in the world as far as population and re
sources are concerned. No doubt Russia has a much
larger population, but the inferiority of the units is so
great that the pre-eminence of the United States is not
in question. Germany, Russia and the United Kingdom,
have all grown, while France and Austria have oy com
parison remained stationary, so that now the great
world powers are four only, the United States, Britain,
Russia and Germany, With France a doubtful fifth.
Those quotations may serve as examples of what is
thought and said of us by students of economic and
political questions abroad. Many more might be
quoted from all civilized lands and from authorities
of almost all kinds. We stand to-day the richest and
the strongest of the powers of earth, and, moreover,
every prospect promises greater prosperity and
greater power in the years to come.
flS OTHERS SEE US.
THURSDAY NOVEMBER 29, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
M.VXAdTR'S OFFICE Telephone Presn 2Ot
iaTBLICATIOy OFFICE. .. Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Prm 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to S21 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carrier"', 15 Cents Per' Week.
Slngrle Copies, S Cents.
Terms by .Mall, Inclndlnic Postages
DAILY CALI> (Including Sunday), one year JS.OJ
DAILY CALL including Sunday), 6 months 8-00
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday). 3 months 1-59
PAILT CALL— By Single Month «5c
fl'SDAT CALL. One Tear 1-60
TVEEKLT CALL, One Year -. 1-W
All postmasters are authorised to receive
¦nbscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
... Mat! subscribe™ In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AKD OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKMXD OFFICE .1118 Broadway
C. GKOnCE KHOfiAKSS,
Mantger Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lor.g Distance Telephone "Central !619.")
NTm- YORK CORRESPONDENT:
CL C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPETEX B. SMITH. . . / 3O Trlbnne Building
".. NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
, . TTalaorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81 TJnlon Square:
Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bherraaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Frwnont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASniXCTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OC G St., X. W.
MOIITOX E. CRA.VE," Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 427 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until J:J9 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:J0 o'clock." 633
McAllister, open until 9:20 o'clock. 815 Larkln, open until
t.SC o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. C61 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until • o'clock. 1W* Valencia, open
urtil • o'clock. ;W Eleventh, cp«n until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
In the midst of it all, let not man debase himself
as a poor worm of the dust. He is the prince oi
creation. After he reached self-consciousness he con
quested the material universe by self-development of
his own faculties. The ox nips the herbage now as he
did on the plains of Shinar. The bird nests as she
did in the cedars of Lebanon and the spider spins
his web no more cunningly than he did in the willows
that grew by the waters of Babylon. But man,
princely man, no longer houses in a cave and wears
the skins of beasts. His genius has woven garments,
invented the arch, planned truss and buttress and
pilaster. It has harnessed the expansion of steam,
made rivers toil for him, compelled the earth to
change its yield to nourish him, and all along his
path change and progress are written, even in the
ruins he has made in his march from darkness to
light. So, let us be thankful, hopeful and of good
ch«er; love our families and our fellows in the great
world's work; lift up the lowly and cheer the disin
herited. The world is good, and if it be the begin
ning of a cycle of worlds and of existences, let us get
our share of it, and be thankful, before we pass on.
So, looking around us upon what has been by our
growing knowledge of natural law, the heart of man
swells with pride and gratitude and the elements of
his spirit of thanksgiving are the same simple senti
ments that made the shepherd kings give thanks for
the fruitful overflow of the Nile, and the red men
lift their hands and hearts to an unseen power in
gratitude for the coming of the buffalo.
The people of the United States have special cause
for thanksgiving every year. Given the richest of all
the continents, productive of everything required by
man's material wants, and having the potency of that
wealth, beyond the necessities of existence, which en
ables the satisfaction of refined tastes, the patronage
of art, the development of literature and pursuit of
science, they are by destiny the most fortunate of all
the nations that have enjoyed the earth and the full
ness thereof. Within the wide borders of this land
is every variety of climate that man can seek to be at
one with physical conditions and in harmony with his
environment. We have the moist, the dry, the level
and the rugged, the low coasts and the great moun
tains that lift their helmet-clad summits to the sun,
challenging the tempest to battle.
We have the capacity for every industry that man
follows for supply of his daily wants and the gaining
of riches. With this surpassing physical endowment
it is not wonderful that here we have the latest, the
broadest and the best application of science to art
that is to be found in the world. Time was that the
distribution of power from the falls of the Rhine at
Schaflfhausen, using wire ropes and pulleys, was a
marvel. Now we excel the world in deriving power
from our water courses and sending it on electric
wires so far that by curvature of the earth the great
rim of the planet rises between its source and the light
it. sheds or the machinery it actuates. Bringing to
bear the resources of science upon the inchoate wealth
of our country, one man. touches a button and ac
complishes more than 10,000 men could do in the age
of the pyramids and the sphinx.
The human race, the greatest manifestation of evo
lution, the refined product of creative force, subject
ing all things unto it r.nd given dominion and power
over all things else in the material world, moved upon
by the spirit of gratitude for its position and its power,
yet" bows its head to the unseen law by which its pri
macy is made useful, through the multitude of the
animate and inanimate, given to it to rule and to use.
None can know but what man shares this "grateful
heart with the beasts of the field and the birds of the
air, which utter themselves in tongues not known to
us and. may take.thought in common with man.
Our red races had ceremonies expressive of grati
tude, for the bounty with which nature sustained their
simple lives. The presence of the beaver and the
otter, the deer and wild fowl, supplying skins and fur
for clothing and meat for food, was acknowledged by.
Pequod and Narragansett on the cold New England
coast. Sioux, Blackfoot and Omaha welcomed the
coming of the buffalo, and when the great herds re
tired to winter in the valley of the Arkansas and on
the plains of New Mexico, in the soft Indian summer
of the Dakotas and Minnesota and Nebraska, the
red children of God offered thanks for the season and
its abundance of meat and robes gathered against the
blear northern winter and its needs.
TO give thanks to whatever force protects and
preserves man has been instinctive in the human
race in all ages and nations. In'our high civili
zation the giving of thanks takes on a refined/ethical
form and joined to the religious idea is ornate with
sonorous ritual and impressive ceremony. But at
base it is just the same feeling that moves the light
hearted Japanese to celebrate the safety of the crop of
rice, and the Chinese to give thanks for the generous
yield of good tea. Thanksgiving was in this
land long before a white man trod its coasts or pene
trated its vast continental spaces. There are relations
between all life, brute and human and organic and
inorganic. The same great statutes of natural law are
over it and in it all.
THANKSGIVING.
"PULDEKA ORPHAN"
PULLED A CAR OFTEN
Broken Down Street Railway Skate Fooled New
York Horse Show Judges.
OCEAX.
Army Reorganization.
There will be differences of opinion In
the House and the Senate when the prop
ositions for reorganization of the army
are discussed and Mr. Hay may be found
among the opponents of any plan to great
ly and permanently enlarge the regular
army. But there Is reason to believe, and
more to hope, that there will be a suf
ficient number of Democrats to ngre? w.th
him as to the maintenance of the prespr.t
force until our affairs in the Phhippin^a
will justify anv material reduction of ih«
army.-NEW YORK TIMES.
Should Refuse to Be Led.
To use a homely expression, the Demo
crats of the South ought to refuse longer
to be led around by the nose by the Dem
ocrats and Populists of the North. The
excuse has always been the fear of negro
domination, but. whatever may have been
true of the past, there are now few States
in the South where there is any danger of
negro domination. Under such circum
stances there can be no reason why the
South should continue its blind following
after a disrupted and discredited North
ern faction.— NEW YORK TRIBLNE.
To the Moral Element.
When the moral element In this country
performs Its duty every day in the week
Instead of one day In ten years, when it
denounces the bad In the rsrg as well as in
the dragon, when it takes an abiding in
terest In the political business of the land,
and not a sentimental hankering for its
own glorification by means of politics,
then we may see the beginning of better
things. When the bosses of New lorK
and Philadelphia see a voting strength be
hind these talkers they will take need—
otherwise they will continue to dor. a
mask on occasion behind which all car^
see.— FLORIDA TIMES-UNION.
Make Them Life Senators.
It would be eminently lust to make our
ex-Presidents Senators for life, not only
to have the benefit of their ripe experience
in public affairs, but to assure them a
moderate income. Few of them could be
as fortunate as Harrison in commanding
liberal rewards for professional services,
and most of our ex-Presidents have re
tired really without a competency and
unfitted for any pursuit that could give
them a generous income. Aa a matter of
justice alike to the Government and to our
ex-Presidents, our constitution should be
eo amended as to continue all ex-Presi
dents in the service of the country dur
ing Hfe.-PHILADELPHIA TIMES.
Foreigners to Blame.
The present troubles In China have he«?n
produced very largely by the foreigners
themselves. Their deliberate aggresslors,
so often humiliating to Chinese digr.ity.
nnd not less oft »n deadly assaults upon the
political Independence and power of the
Chinese people, brought on a popular re
volt which naturally made war upon for
eigners wherever they might be found. It
was a great patriotic tumult. The conclu
sion from all this follows swiftly. China
must pay for her tumult* yet if the pow
ers take advantage of a situation for
which they themselves are largely at fault
to Impose Indemnities so prodigious as to
force China Into political and territorial
liquidation . their whole course, from first
to last will be tbat of plnnderinsr freeooot
ers.-SPRIN'GFIELD REPUBLICAN. .
TIMES.
Opposed to Any Surrender.
•As far as the treaty is concerned we
are not bound to any particular policy in
the Philippines. Without discussing the
ciuestion that "will come before the Su
preme Court in the Porto R!co case !t
Jnav be said that there *? In the L ntte I
States the strongest possible feelirff
against surrendering any privileges of
ownership In the Philippines. If proper
laws are enacted the Philippine Islands
will become a base for American trade in
Asiatic* waters. This Is what we have
been" string for.-CIIICAGO INTER
The United States will tolerate no policy
of blood.- Wholesale executions will 'net
lead to peace. China has done wrong and
must take the • consequences, but we
should nnt insist en a degree of punishment
which will cost us our self-respect.— NEW
YORK HKRALIX
Kitchener's Policy.
Lord'Kltchener'3 adoption of Weyler.'a
methods should be sufficient to convince
President Knifcer that he cannot obta'n
terms of honorable pence from England,
and that the alternative presented to his
people Is unconditional surrender or re
sistance while a cartridRf* remains. —
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERICAN.
To Stop Train Bobberies.
If it were once known that every ex
press treasure would be strongly jruarrted
and every passenger train crew armed
and fully lnstrurted what to do in case of
attack, thrre would be practically no
more train robberies. T«H»Jt guanls on
especially hazardous sections of the rOM
is better than not to have thorn at all. bat
it is not all that should bo.— DENVER
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
as to how the Senators are likely to vote on the ques
tion.; Nor is it even certain that the issue will be ac
tually 1 raised in the Senate. It has been taken up in
Washington because a fight against Clark would al
most certainly entail a fight against other aspirants
for the Senate as well. It 'is quite possible that if
Addicks be elected from Delaware or QuayJ from
Pennsylvania there may he charges of bribery brought
against them. Furthermore, it has been suggested
that the seat of Blackburn oL Kentucky might be dis- .
puted on the ground of frauds committed by the" 1
Democrats under the Goebel law. The question, it
will be seen, is a wide one. The Senators doubtless
desire to maintain the honor and integrity of their
membership, but whether they will be able to establish
a rigid rule in the Clark case "remains to be seen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1900.
And now, it is announced,- Germany hasa v bone to
pick with thr Sultan of turkey. It is reasonably safe
to. say .that the. bird at the feast will not be a crow.
Venezuela , has bought that dangerous toy known
as Gould's yacht arid intends to convert it into a bem
of war. We may expect soon to hear the news which
generally follows when, a child plays with a dangerous
toy. i
There- are well defined rumors that' a powerful
South American combination intends to attempt ag
gressions upon Chile./ Some of these days a big boy
among the nations will-go ¦ down to South America
and thrash the whole squabbling outfit into peace.
The suicide who cooked himself in a Colorado hot
spring was the very personification of selfishness. He
n-ight have had at least some consideration for those
who intended to use the spring after hint
6
Paloma Schramm Concert.
A concert will be piven at Odd F«1V3W9*
Hall. Tuesday pvenirift, December 4, »ir»-
der the direction of Loyal Rebekah Lo»1.«r<\
I. O. O. F. The principal musician will
be Paloma Schramm. the ch!M plSSXiXi
Theresa and Lily Sherwood, suttar and
mantlolln^artlsts: Grace Savasrr. contralto,
and Robert Lloyd, barytone, will «!*-¦> par-
ticipate. Reserved scats may l><* «*>cureJ
at Byron Mauzy's, 308 Post strovt.
« ? ¦
Choice Candies. 'l'ownspnd's.Palaca Hotel- '
TownscnTs California glace fruits. *>c a
pound, in tire-etched boxes cr Jap. bus-
Keta. fc» Market, rahice Hotel bunaing.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public \ men by tb<*
t ress Clipping Bureau (A! en »> olO Mo.y.-
tjomery >t. 'lelepnone Main HM2.
- Urtil a few days ago Brown Connty.
Ird had neither railway, telegraph nor
te&Dhone facilities anywhere within Its
borK It Is still minus the two first
mentioned necessities of modern life, but
m telephone lino baa Invaded Nashville
com In | from Columbus, tn an adjoining
county. m T
If You're in a Hutry Take the "Over-
. land Limited,"
Leaving San Francisco dally «t 10 a, m.. Tt»
Central Pacific. Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern railways, and arrivln* at Chicago
at 9:30 a. m. the third day. A solid vesttbuled
train of superb splendor, carrying Pullman
double drawing-room sleepers, dfhtng car and
buffet itnoltlng and library car. San Francisco
to Chleajo without change. Only four days to
Xew York and Boston. It you want luxury
and comfort combined 1 with speed, and safety
take the "Overland Limited."
.i « ? ¦
Every fall reaps its harvest of deaths caused
by failure to regain strength and health after
a trylr.c summer. DR. SIEQKRT'S Angostura
Bitters enrich the blood.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcatar— "Seven-TVenty-Eig'ht."
Columbia "The Binging Girl."
Tlvoli— "A Jelly Musketeer."
A Iharr. bra— Herrmann, the Great.
California— Haverly's Minstrels.
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Oj>era-houEe — "La Boheme."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venire.
Fischer' •— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
fnion Cours'.nr Park— Coursing.
Odd Fellows' Hall— Concert Tuesday, December 4.
Tanforan Park — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By B. P. Oil ver— "Wednesday. December 12. at 12 o'clock.
Ker.l" Estate, at 123 Sutter street.For Baby's Sake,
An welt M her own. the mother should use
MALT-NUTR1NE. the helpful food drink, to
promote appetite, restore health, build body
and brain. Made by Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Ass'n, St. Louis, U.S. A. For sals by all
druggists.
Will Do Transportation Business.
." Captain : John ' Richardson, George W.
Merritt arid T.«G. Johnson have formed a
copartnership for the purpose of conduct
ing i a . freight and passenger business on
the ; bays and i rivers ; of California. Th-j
copartnership will be known by. the firm
name of the M- - J. , R. Transportation
Company.i;ataJ8Blgg3BCT»TO^HWM|
Write for new catalogue of watches. Jewelry A
t liver ware. Hammersmith «Sk Field, 38 Kearny. •
The MalBon Rlche, 104 Grant avenue, is
again in trouble. Suit was filed yesterday
by J. P. Lartigue against Justin Ladag
nbus, proprietor of the restaurant, to fore
close a chattel mortgage covering the en
tire furnishings. The mortgage is for I7G00
and was issued April t, 1896. An attach
ment for J2400 has also been levied on the
business.
Maison Biche in Litigation.
A petition for a recount on behalf of
Judge Dalngerfield will be filed to-day.
According to the count of the Election
Commissioners Judge Thomas F. Graham
defeated Judge Dalngerfleld by a majority
of 376 votes.
The contestant alleges ln his petition,
which has been completed, that many
votes actually cast for Judge Dalngerfield
were counted lor Graham. No specific
charge of fraud Is mado, but it is asserted
that votes were incorrectly- counted in
every precinct in the city.
Allegation Made That Votes Were
Incorrectly Counted in Every
Precinct in the City.
DAINGERFIELD CONTEST
IS BEADY FOB FrLXNQ
Henry Baach filed suit yesterday against
Lewis, Anderson & Co. to recover S23.000
damages for the death of his son. Fred
B. Baach, who was drowned dn October 5
last while whaling near Point Barrowa.
The deceased was cabin boy on
the whaling steamer William Baylies.
On the date mentioned a whale was sight
ed and young Baach. against his protest.
it is alleged, was ordered into the boat
to pursue the mammal. The boat cap
sized and he wm drowned. Neither Cap
tain Stephen Cottle nor Boatheader C.
Glfford made any attempt to sava tha
boy. it Is further asserted. For these rea
sons the plaintiff demands judgment as
stated.
Asks Damages for Son's Death.
In Greene's story < Pandosto' s suspicions
of his wlf*» seem to hav« Rome slight
basis; in "The Winter's Tale" Loontes
willfully works himself into a. fit of Jeal
ousy without the slightest reason for his
Shakespeare follows this story in the
main. Pandosto becomes the Leontes of
"The Winter's Tale"; Bellaria. Hermione*
Eglstus. Pollxenes: Dorastus. Florizel;
Fawnia, Perdita. The old shepherd's son
becomes a clown: Autolycus -is a new
character, a rogue -with a Homeric name.
In "The Winter's Tale" the tragic r>art
of the play is uninterrupted until the third
scene of the third act. Then ln th*» desert
country. Bohemia, the spirit of the play Is
that or, comedy, as so until the end.
of "The Winter's Tale" wa3 to make a
comedy plot of It. Jealousy Is to b© the
main motive, injustice and brutality are
to follow upon it: but the wife who is
killed in Greene's story will only appear
to be dead in Shakespeare's version, and
will come to life afterward; and the hus
band (who ln Greene'3 story becomes a
victim of his own remorse; Is finally
united with his wife and family and they
all live Ion?? and happily. Another change
Shakespeare makes in the relations of the
characters to the countries In which they
live. Sicily and Bohemia are retained for
the scenes^ but the Jealous husband in
Greene's novel lives In Bohemia, while in
Shakespeare he lives in Sicily. A gain is
made here, for the effect of wildnesa and
remoteness ln the region where the child
Is exposed is much Increased. Shakes
peare is criticized for referring to Bohe
mia in the play as accessible to ships; as
a matter of fact he merely follows
Greene, who states that the "Kin* of
Sicily provided a navle of ships and saylctl
into Bohemia." As late, indeed, as 1620
an Alderman of London did not know that
a fleet of ships could not enter a port of
Bohemia, yet no one thought the mistake
unusual. Seacoast or no eeacoast, Bohe
mia, for the purpose of the play, satisfies
the demands for remoteness and wild
ness better than the seas round Sicily.
The discussion of seac6asts in Bohemia Is,
then, rather idle; one may fancy that the
poet was too much concerned with the
romantic BUggestlveness of the mere
name of the region to look it up. Bohemia
meant far. indefinite things, like many
proper names ln Milton.
Few of Shakespeare's plays enable us
to see the poet's method of work as well
as does "The Winter's Tale." Roughly,
the story from which he drew runs as fol-
Pandosto. King of Bohemia, ana* hl»
¦wife, Bellaria. entertain Eglstus, King of
Sicily, an old friend. Bellaria and the
guest get on very well together, and, in
deed, their relations were marked by
"honest familiarity." It occurs to Pan
dosto that they are. Indeed, too familiar
and too obviously honest; and he begins
to nurse suspicion and Jealousy. Jeal
ousy naturally tlnds reasons for suspicion;
doubtful thoughts "smoother in his
stomacke." Pandosto decides to poison
Eglstus; his cupbearer demurs; Pandosto
persists: the cupbearer warns Eglstus.
who sails away. Pandosto regards this
action as proof of his suspicions and he
orders hi3 wife imprisoned. When the
child Is born Pandosto sees the last proof
of his suspicion. The child is cast to sea
in a small boat. Bellaria Is brought be
fore the court, where she demands law
and Justice, but. persuaded that she will
get neither, she asks that the "oracle of
Apollo ln the isle of Dolphos be consulted
as to her guilt. Bellaria agrees to abide
by the oracle's verdict. The answer
comes: ."Suspicion is no proof; jealousy
Is an unequal 'Judge: Bellaria Is innocent;
Eglstus blameless; Pandosto treacherous;
his babe Innocent, and the king shall live
without an heir if that which is lost b«
not found." The king Is ashamed at hear
ing the truth, and the prospect is good
for pleasant times, when word is brought
that his eon is dead. The news overcomes
Bellaria, who swoons and dies. Pandosto
tries to kill himself, but guards protect
him.
The little castaway Is meanwhile res
cued by a shepherd. After awhile It calls
the shepherd trnd his wife 'dad" and
"mam"; it is called Fawnia. who straight
way develops Into a beautiful girl. Dor
astus, Eglstus' son, is attracted, the two
fall in love and after he has saved up
enough Dorastus fits out a ship and sails
off with the beautiful Fawnia. They come
to Bohemia. Pandosto is overcome by his
unknown daughter's beauty. The truth
comes out; there is great merrymakintr.
and they all sail for Sicily, where the
marriage Is properly celebrated. Pandosto
in great remorse takes his own life. Do
rastus and Fawnia return with his body
to Bohemia, where they spend their days
in "contented quiet."
The story of "The Winter's Tale" was
not new, although so far as the names of
the characters are concerned the actors
in the older story do net appear. Robert
Greene In 1588 published a novel Called
"Pandosto, the Triumph of Time." or
"The Hiatorie of Dorastus and F*awnla>"
The story became popular and fourteen
editions of it a.re known to have been
published. In the beginning of the story
we are told that "among .the passions
wherewith humane mlndes are perplexed
there is none that so galleth with restless
despight as the infectious soare of jeal
ousie. '* • • Yes, it is such a heavy
enemy to that holy 'estate of matrimony,
sowing betweene the married couples such
deadly seedes of secret hatred, as love
being once rased out by splghtful distrust,
there oft ensueth bloudy revenge as thia
ensuing hystorie manifestly proveth.
wherein Pandosto (furiously Incensed !>y
causeless jealousle) procureth the death
of his most loving anu loyale wife, and
his owne endless sorrow and misery."
The first change Shakespeare made In
this story when lie chose it for the matter
In both subject matter and treatment
"The Winter's Tale" suggests the last
period of Shakespeare's activity. We axe
led by the title to expect something more
or less romantic; when a tale is told it U
generally a fiction of some sort. Involving
tragedy, but as often turning out happily.
"The Winter's Tale" is nd exception,
tragedy and comedy dividing the play be
tween them.
¦ "I have too much believed mine own
suspicion," and upon this Is brought tho
news that Hermiono is dead. Leomea
thinks It natural enough, believes his pun
ishment just and will offer up his days
at Hermione's temple. Here, In scene 2
of the third act. the tragic element stop*
The mere adaotaticn of the rest of
Greene's story would have been tanid
enough. Fortunately Shakespeare creates
the delightfully irresponsible Autolycua
for one thing. He stner". steals, lies, out
wits; morally his deserts should be dis
grace and. puriishme::t; practically— a_*
sometimes happens— he gets what he
wants, and the reputation of being a fins
and Interesting fellow to boot. His bal
lads are country ballads*, the scenes
country scenes and the games, girls,
shepherds In the long fourth act are thosa
of England, nay, perhaps those of a not
Impossible "Warwickshire.
"Come." rays Perdita. "methlnks I play
As I have seen them do In Whltsun pastorals."
There Is Indeed enough of the country
air in the last two acts to warrant the
popular Idea that in this play Shakespeare
produces much of what he saw about him
at Stratford — sheepshearing, country fair*,
ballad hawkers, festivals and the like.
The country matter, with. the songs; the
long fourth act. twice as long as any other
in the play; the highly romantic revtv.il
of Hermlone; the device of the chorus
Time, and a general mixture of far-off
things with the well-known tale, produce
the effect of romance, raU»er than of real.
Inevitable human nature and human des
tiny. The great Shakespeare, once ap
palling through his expression of passion
and fate of men, now beats tlm« to a pop
ular tune with his pen; in the waning
light of his Imagination he absently
watches the' country girls across the vil
lage green or hears on the uneven flags
outside tired feet dragging to a plodding
tale told In London ten years before. Waj
It all to end thus— in Stratford, with a fe*r
friends?
WTL.L.IAM PETERS REEVES.
Kenyon College. >
•Persuades when speaking falls.
But the sight of the child has the con
trary effect upon the King. He Is almost
undone. "I am," he says, "a feather for
each wind that blows.' The messengers
return from Delphos, ihe suspense bein-;
increased by the short scene at the begtn
nlng of the third act. In the trial scer.j
Shakespeare adds the indictment, the rar*
legal character of which act9 as a foil to
the noble and impassioned speech of Her
mlone Immediately alter It. Finally 3h<a
agrees to abide by the oracle's decision;
she, the daughter of a Russian Emperor
(this is Shakespeare'd addition), must
come to trial. The oracle la read (practi
cally as In Greene's version) and (also a*
in Greene's story) the news is brought In
that the young Prince is dead. Hermlone
faints "(she does not die. as In Greehe'3
story): Leontes has a charge of heart.
The sll<?nce often of pure Innocence
"We are indeed further prepared for tr-..»
exaltation of Hermiones character by the
comments of the women in the scene w'.r:i
her son. and, indeed, by her own an
swers to Mamillius. He wants to tell a
tale.
Merry or sad shall It be?
Htrmlone — As merry as you will.
Mamiilius — A sad tale's best for winter; I
have one of sprites and goblins. . t>
Hermione— Let's have that, good sir.
Mamilllua — There was a man
Hermlone — Nay. come sit down; then on.
Mamillius — Dwelt by a churchyard: I win
say It softly; yon crickets 'shall not hear It.
Hermlone— Come on, then,, and give 't me ia
mine ear.
Here the preoccupied mother will listen
affectionately and tolerantly to the "Win
ter's Tale." But the tale is never finished.
Fast upon the scene of domestic Innocence
falls Leoates with his brutal accusation.
Hermlone is imprisoned, but to make «ur>»
of her guilt Leontea dispatches messen
gers to Apollo's oracle at Delphos. Yet it
becomes necessary to announce to the
King the birth of a child. It is hoped (as
in Greene's novel) that the sight of the
child may soften the Kir.gr.
Away with her to prison!
He who shall speak for her Is afar off guilty
But that he speaks.
And HermiOne sayst
There's some ill-planet reigns:
I must be patient till the heavens look
With an aspect more favorable.
suspicions — the very absence of such rea
sons makes his determined dlstrusrt mor»
settled. The jealousy in Othello is often
compared or contrasted with that of
I-eontes. The later character is what w<i
should expect, aside from the example In
Greene's novel. I.eontes feeds his fancy,
wherein the idealism of advancing age
makes it less easy to accept the testi
mony of outward circumstances and tha
Icplc of material facts.
The highly romantic and fanciful char
acter of the play— like that of "Cymbe
llne" and "The Tempest"'— is best brought
out by a study c*f Jlermione. Natural
conditions are violated where Hermiona
Is brought to life in the last act when no
dramatic hint— aside from that of increan
"is happiness for every one— has prepare 1
us for it. The notion that Herraion« i3
safely secluded for a I-,ns period of years
is essentially a romantic notion. .Thn
business of the pedestal and the lor.g In-'
troductior.3 relative to the statue are ob
vious means to heighten the effect. Tn •»
question naturally arises: What woull
have been the effect had Hermlone n-jt
come to life? Scarcely different from that
of Greene's story; tho interest would have*
been centered in Perdita and the high'y
romantlc element let down to natural con
ditions.
The character of Hermlone Is the finest
In the play. In Greene's story when Be!
laria is brought be/ore the court she de
mands law and justlc. Hennione is too
deeply grieved and. too finely superior to
the vulgar wrong implied by the court,
she asks for no law, no Justice. Leonte*
cries:
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
Copyright, 1900, by Sayinour Eaton.
STUDY OF "THE WINTER'S TALE."
and threadbare excuse of economy.
"The Supervisors have, cut down our ap
propriation by $81,000," said Denman. "and
that is why we must get along with less
teachers. . I would like to ask the Super
intendent if. In the face of the reduced
finances, he would appoint additional
teachers if he had the power?"
"I mustiadmit," said Webster, "that the
Supervisors should be condemned rather
than commended for the reduced appro
priation. But the Board. of Education is
confronted with the fact that.it has es
tablished expensive manual training and i
cooking departments. Now section 16C6 of I
the Political Code provides that special !
studies may bo pursued in the schools,
but not to the exclusion of the regular
studies specified by another section. Now
I will ask Mr. Denman, should you have
special departments to the -neglect of the
regular studies?"
Both Denman and Mark here rose to a
vigorous defense of the manual training
course and the good work being accom
plished in'that direction in Eastern cities.
"That may be all very well." said Web
ster, "but your economy could be made
more practical by not maintaining special
studies. You. will remember that several
months ago I recommended the appoint
ment of twenty-eight teachers, thirteen
of which the board has since appointed.
My recommendation was a modest one;
it would not have hampered the board's
finances and would have relieved the con
gested condition in the schools."
The report of the Superintendent fol
lows:
Deputy Superintendent W, B. Howard re
ports Inspection In the Laguna Honda School,
and declares that there are too many pupils
and grades assigned to each teacher to permit of :
first-class work with the present course of I
study. This school should be. given maps and
a liberal supply of books.
In the Richmond School the principal con
forms to the rule of the board requiring her
to teach by helping the overworked teachers In
her school.
The Jefferson- School. I>r. Howard declares.
Is typical of overcrowded schools and demands
the lmmedjate attention of school authorities.
It 1b well to note here the environment in
which this school is placed. -If any favors |
could be »hown schools of this city thoee of
this character should be the first to recei»e
them. Classes In schools of this kind should
not exceed SO or 33 pupils, so that teachers
could elve individual pupils more attention.
There ar» five well-appointed vacant rooms In
this bulldtne and additional classes could be
accommodated. »
At the Horace Mann Grammar School good
work impeded by a too crowded attendance
of classes. This is a very large grammar
school and nhould be given the services of two
vice riflncliialB. .
The reDort on attendance In the Jefferson-
School shows as Tollows: Fourth jcrade. seats
M, p'JDlls present 59. enrolled 60; third and
fourth grades, seats 64, present 66, enrolled S9:
third grade, seats 64, present 60, enrolled 56;
second and third grades, seats 50. present 50,
enrolled S7; second grade, seats 54. present 51.
enrolled GO; second grade, seats 49.. present 50.
enrolled 68; first grade, seats 48. present 47,
enrolled 6J: first grade, seats 47, present 46,
enrolled, 61.
In the Lafayette School Deputy Jordan re
ports that 33 pupils are enrolled for. whom
there are no seats. If a new class should be
Inaugurated It could "bo filled by pupils not
now enrolled. The receiving classes In the
Garfleld School are in a crowded condition and
In poor rooms. Good flags are needed In the
Irving School. The saluting of a 5-cent flag Is
not calculated to give exalted Ideas of govern
ments, national or local. In the Cooper School
two rooms with fourth grades were found with
63 children In each.
The commercial 'department In the Lincoln
Grammar School, under the direction of Colonel
C H. Murphy, was visited. Three hundred
and elchty-two students were present. Thirty
students have been supplied with positions
during this term. Forty other applications for
students to take positions could not
be supplied. The students of this school
seem to be . in demand because of
the general education they possess » aside
from their knowledge of technical branches.
This department should be segregated and es
tablished as a distinct. school. It cannot legally
be regarded as a part of . a grammar school
both on account of Its course of study and the
fact that all students who attend it have al
ready graduated from a grammar school.
The board has discovered a new way of
getting rid of teachers by assigning them
to the Chinese Primary' School. Rather
than teach a class In the school Miss M.
H. Slavan sent in her resignation from
the department with a request to. be
placed on the retired list. For a similar
reason Miss Kate Turney was on her re
quest placed at the bottom of the-substl
tute list at the last meeting.
Under a suspension of the rules, princi
pals and teachers were authorized to re
ceive further contributions from pupils
for the relief of the schools In Galveston.
AVebster read a letter from Superintend
ent Hopkins of the ruined city, in which
he states that $16,000 has already been re
ceived, but 148,000 in all is needed to repair
schoolhouses still standing. Another let
ter from the Brazoria County School
Committee states that 6000 children are
without school facilities and three-quar
ters of all school buildings were de
stroyed.
Denman opposed the collection of con
tributions in the schools on general prin
ciples, but Casserly took issue with him.
claiming that it was an extraordinary and
worthy case. '
The teachers of the drawing department
vof the Humboldt Evening Hlph School
and the Lincoln Evening School were
rated as evening high school teachers,
with a salary of $W per month, to date
from September 1, 1900. This is aji increase
of $10 per month.
Thomas Hennessey, Janitor of Burnett
School, was dismissed from the depart
ment.
Directors Get Rid of Pedagogues by
Assigning Them to Chinese School.
Further Galveston Contribu
tions Requested.
— +. —
. The monthly report of Superintendent of
Schools Webster, in which he taxes the
Board of Education with assigning too
many mixed grades to classes in the La
guna Honda School' and directs attention
to the Jefferson School, which Deputy Su
perintendent Howard says is typical of
overcrowded school?, was the cause of a
spirited discussion at the board's meeting
yesterday morning. ' Director Denman
took exception to the strictures in the re
port and as usual defended the action of
the board by taking refuge behind the old
Web3ter Pleads for Fewer
Special. Branches and
I. More Teachers.
SCHOOL BOARD'S
FALSE ECONOMY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1900.
MART ANDERSON (MRS. NA
VAKRO) AS HERMIONE IX "A
WINTER'S TALE."
XIV.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
Artists have praised other
pianos, and they have been
well paid in gold coin for it.
But the Sohmer Piano
stands on its merit. Sells
on its record of 30 years. It
needs no bought guarantee.
There is no unknown
quantity to. a Sohmer, no
guess work, no * untried
mechanism and no chance
for disappointment.
Byron Mauzy
Sole Agent of Sohmer Pisnot
3O5-IM2 Pom St 5»«n Francisco
MONSTER COMBINATION
AUCTION SALE
-OF-
RFAI FSTATF
One-Fourth Cash; Balance on Mort'
gage at 6 per cent,
— OX—
Wednesday, December 12, 19S0
AND
Thursday, December 13, 1930
At 12 O'clock Noon,
I WILL OFFER AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
AT
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL
223 Sutter Street,
By order of the Board of Directors of
THE HIBEErNIA SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY.
The following choice parcels of city realty, im-
proved and unimproved, and sltuato dov/n town,
ln the Western Addition and Mission districts'.
BATTERY AND MERCHANT 8TS:
Northwest corner of
t Battery and Merchant.
l£ p Thla fine corner with a
fl7 .« » *ma!l expenditure can
-~~ —^ 5 bo rented ror H50 p«r
Merchant. ¦ month. The present Im-
provements are a substantial three-story and
basement brick. Present rents, with ov«r half
the premises vacant, $180.
GOUGH AND FILBERT STS.
Northeast corner of
c. j Gough and Filbert sts. ;
S J3 comer Improved with
Sj .,.• frame dwelling of two
O\ i^B. 'flats; present rent3 JM.
Filbert.
FOURTEENTH AND STEVENSON BT8.
im Northwest corner of
« Fourteenth and Steven-
_ijz son sts., only IDS feet
Pig east from Valencia ot.:
I o in the heart of a prow-
H I? ins district. As a whole
Fourteenth. or ln eubdlvlilons.
ELIZABETH ST.. NEAR CASTRO.
o • I - Z Eliiabe-th at.. 206 r««\
u • • •» ea«t from Castro; three
« choice building lots.
O ,. ,, ,, Will b« sold as a whole
105 I or ln Bul >dlvtB!onB.
EUzabeth.
-MArtlvi^i BI.
2 TblM ia a plec« of
xz rf property a future.
g 3 The improvements con-
3 tin ot 12 flats, 2430 to
05 113-8. «. 2490 '^ Market Bt., rent-
" .. ing for 1165.
Market.
TWENTIETH 6T.. NEAR CASTRO,
Twentieth.
05 I 25 JI 7T1 Nos - 4105 > * m •»*
«. ». &. u tm Twentleth gt bot
Caatro and Noe. Th«se
,_. « three modern dwcll-
S g o S lnrs of 8 rooms and
¦° • -° ' bath each will be sold
separately. Each houfce
j 1« now rented for $50.
SHIPLEY ST., NEAR 8IXTH.
Bhlpley.
ijS" at" No. 2S1 Bhlpley it..
"^ bet. Fifth r and Sixth;
j} Improvements consist
rj „ o( t front building of
— «• three stories and roar
w of two stories; rents
J $!!7 W.
MIESrON ST.. NEAR NINETEENTH.
Nineteenth.
] No. 23U Mission it.,
L^ - bet. Nineteenth and
s k Twentieth. Improve-
2 • - ments, a good two-
» story frame bulldlnr.
— M 122* consistlntr of a store
* r; "" ' ' and two Hata ; rents »50.
VALENCIA BT.
Fourteenth,
.Tm East side of Valencia
* S St.. 300 feet south of
0 • Fourteenth. Will b«
u ' sold as a whole or ln
"5 s subdivisions. This b a
> P ¦ good buy and will ln-
1<w - crease ln value.
GROVE ST., NEAR GOUOH.
— Nos. <0S and <9«H
Grove Bt. This prop-
: A erty Is located but four
c blocks west from tho
j; i City Hall. Improve-
\± F ments consist of I
dwellings of t rooms
30 J2:6. each, rentlnr for J4t.
Grove.
NINETEENTH ST.. NEAR GUERRERO.
\ 103:Z> Nos. 1614 to S525
\ a Nineteenth st. bet.
\ . 3 Guerrero and Dolores.
\^ «i O Improvements occupy
\V g only 45 feet front and
\ - - ™ consist of 4 flats. For
\ If S factory purposes or &
\ • 3 business reoulrlnr
\ tt -^ • ground space this Is a
\ B desirable site. Rents
\ si n:n. l50 -.
Klneteenth.
BROADWAY. NEAR STOCKTON BT.
u Nos. 710 to 715 Droa«-
r? in way, bet. Stockton and
• £ Powell 6ts". Improve-
i- "j ments consist of lirlck
1 " S stable building and i
20. o> ° frame dwellings.' Rents
§ " ? $120 BO.
~ Broadway.
WASHINGTON ST., NEAR CENTRAL AV».
Washington.
ih'Tn nt^rt \ No. JS13 Washington
S0.10. 11. .11- t This beautiful lot
J, J overlooks the Presidio
3 reservation and the
-¦• ' h Bay of San Francisco.
aJ £ The Improvements con-
«• ¦• !;'. . slst of a modern 30-
S> room dwelling in flrst-
3 class condition, rent-
• lngr for $10.
VALENCIA ST.. NEAR TWBNTT-THIRD. |
Twenty-third.
— ; 1 Nos. 1209 to 1221 Va-
j lencla st. This property
. «* will commend itself to
5 _ — — • a Investors. It is now \
g »0. g g business property and
Si S wr " 1 De more so ln five
"3 o I 2 years. It rents for $70.
> 3 ? Bartlett-gt. lot will b*
Fold separate.
130. 1
VALENCIA ST., NEAR NINETEENTH.
< No. 822 Valencia »U
*, This Is a business cor-
o J nor. I m provements
, j g. consist of a good i-
P Btory and basement
• 100. building; r«nts $«.
*" Cumberland 1 .
CASTRO ST.. NEAR MARKEtT
Southwest corner o\
..oa Carjro and States sts.
g C Street work all <lonu
~ p Rnd stone stdewaik.
. ¦'-'.:.• S Only 125 feet from
Market st.
85. 25. 25. 88:8.
Castro.
EIGHTEENTH ST.. NEAR CASTRO.
¦ . ¦ .¦ . : '
. 2 No.' 4117 Eighteenth
— — 'g. st., bet. Castro and
a -re ¦ «* J7 ¦ Colllngwood. Good t-
7a - n story frame dwelling
. . % of six room*. <\ ¦..:.
Castro. ~~
B. P. OLIVEB,
Beal Estate Agent and Auctioneer,
114 Montgomery Street.
AMUSEMENTS^
ALF EUJNG HOUSE Prop, and Manager
PHONE SOUTH ...770
t£^fe£ SPECIAL HOLIDAY
? ¦ MATINEE TO DAY.
«Ji«» ar to-night.
5j£v; *• P THE blO XIGHT.
¦VjpS^ HERRMANN
r^S-yvit / THE GREAT, accompanied !
As. "feH L by the great musical won- !
ifiKfe~->^I' • >^ ders. THE 5— NOSSES— 5. .
SBBJfeKT 1 MATINEE SATURDAY. |
Evenir.)?— 15e, 2Zc. S6c, 5C»c and 76c. Matinee—
15c Be 33c and f>Oe. Next Sunday Afternoon— |
THE RAYS Hnwllre Suecey*. "A HOT OLD j
TIME " Greater, Grander. More Funny Than I
Ever. j
*^*i^^9 11 B B^J^ PC3 B IS. fK*
COLIIMpiA *™™
lili MATINEE TO-DAY.
BEGULAR MATIXEE SATURDAY.
AS IfP NIFISrN
And the Alice Nielsen Orera Co.
Direction of Frank L. i'erley.
THIS \ ...THE SINGING GIRL.;
WEEK ' By Herbert. Smith and Stange.
week! TUB F0R1UNI: TELLER.
Alice Nieli=fn ln Her Original Stellar Role.
SEATS NOW READY. I
THANKSGIVING THIS I
MATINEE AFTERNOON.
AST) SPECIAL. HOLIDAY BILL TO-NIGHT.
HAVERLY'S
MASTODON MINSTRELS
With GEORGE Walti-Me-Again WILSON.
LADIES* MATINEE SATURDAY.
Sunday Afternoon. FAREWELL WEEK,
Haverly's Mastodon Minstrels.
Entire Change of Programme.
EXTRA GOKCEBT— POPULAR PRICES.
Direction Loyal Rebekah LoSf. I. O. O. F.
PALOMA SCHRAMM, WORLD'S FAMOUS
CHILD PIANIST.
Thereea. and Lily Sherwood, guitar and man- '
dclin artlBtF, Grace Savage, contralto, Robert
Llcyd. California's favorite barytone.
ODD FELLOWS 1 HALL. TUESDAY, Dec. 4.
J900.
Prices— J3c, EOc. 75c. Reserved at Byron
Mauzy'?, 30* Post »t.
Sohmer piano uged. |
SOMETHING TO BE
THANKFUL FOR
On Thanksplving- day beFld^s a g-ood din-
ner and plenty of "cheer" is an exrjuisite-
I ly laundered shirt, collar "and cuiTo that
I has that line domestic finish and immacu-
late color that the United States Laundry
• puts on it at all times. Your linen always
gives perfect satisfaction when It Is done
j up by our improved methods.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts If
I you order it. Xo saw-edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 4-2O,
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
When we eay "rupture cured" we mean It.
for It is a fact that during the past 20 jean
DR. PIERCES MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
ha« CURED thousands of cases. Nothing elie
1'ke It. Beet retainer made. It does the work.
Investigate tor yourself. ETCall for "Book-
let No. V or send 2 cents ln stamps. Ad-
dress:
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
«2O Market Street. San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. New York City.
Aftcp-Theoter Refreshments.
Th« completeness of the arrangement*
made for your entertainment ln the Sup-
I per Rcom can be estimated when It la
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are ln
evidence here. Delightful music, prompt
service, moderate charges. Open every
erenlns (Sundayi excepted) from 9:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from the court and
rr.z'.n office.
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
TONG PO CHY,
Euccessor to Dr. LAI PO TAI,
<p5j5J*5rtS?fev graduate of Canton Me'llcnl
Ji^4FS»flB» College, after a very success-
Tw^ESw&i* ful X'ractice of many years in
U*-« China, has located ln Ean
• ' /PJ'^ Jf Francisco. The surprising and
w; f t) i marvelous cures effected by
THgA y his herbs demonstrate their
ISi^yk potence and his skill. These
herbs cure over 400 different
tf^Sv^ !t i»§- :?t fe> dl?<>aspp. inc-ludlne Brlsht's
j»tfi<^T» w^ D)fa» p . Diabetes. Consump-
r. .,.,_--; -o tion. Asthma, Paralysis, Brain,
Xerve. Cancers, Tumors. Blood. Male and Fe-
male Maladies. All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsoever are Invited to call.
Office, 727 Washington st. Office hours— S a.
m. to 12 m. I to 9 p. m.: Sundays, 10 a. m. to
12 m. Accept Grateful thanks for effecting a
cure of asthma of Beveral years' standing, i
» A. DARLEY, Ban Rafael.
DR. HALL'S HEINYIGORATOBpmn
Five hundred reward for any Pda^^aM
cafe we cannot cure. This secret MB sBra
remedy stops all losses in 14 hours, I ¦ {§
cures Emlsnlons, Impoteijcy, Vari- &3B| Effil
cocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits. *ff Km
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all tZL. utiil
wasting effects of splf-abuaf or Sjlg^liStX
excessf*. S^nt sea!c-(3. J2 Lottie; 3 L£z£Z3]ia£2
bottles, J5: ruaranteed to cure any case. : Ad- ¦
<Jress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE.'SSS
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073tf
Market et.. S. P. AH private diseases quickly,
cured. Send for free book, ,
MONSTER COMBINATION <
AUCTION SALE
-OF-
SiEAL E^lAiE
j ..... r ;.-.. r
¦ "Without' Reserve," "No Ifs." "No
j Confirmations by Any Court,"
i "An Absolute Sale,"
¦— ON—
Wednesday, December 1Z, 1900
At. 12 KL Sharp, j//--
I WILL OFFER AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
Without Reserve, at
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL
223 Sutter Street,
By order of the Trustees of the Estate
of EUGENE KELLY of
New York,
Their entire real estate holdings ln the city
¦ nd county of San Francisco, comprising a list
or as choice property as has ever been offered
I ct auction for the past twenty years. It is
i Income producing well rented and every pleca
, has a future, and with cne exception it all faces
j en accepted streets. The buildings en the im-
, proved property are ln first-class condition and
; the best or repair. The tenants could be no
fjbetter. ,
Remember, the sale is without re-
serve. No "ifs," no "subject to own-
I ers' approval," no "confirmation by
| the Probate Court." It is an absolute
i Bale to the highest bidder for United
States gold coin.
Remember, it is all corner property.
SAXSOaiE AND SACRAMENTO STS.
' Land assessed for
100. r £ $M,000; improvements
_ E a*8essed for $14,230; ln-
3 *• a eui'ance, I2O.2&O; pr»-
•* « S mlum, $SS 05; north-
100 ra We st corner of Saneome
• and Sacramento streets.
Sacramento. The improvements on,
this property consist of a .flrst-dasB brick
building, renting for S250 per month; no lease.
BANEOMB AND COMMERCIAL STS.
Land assessed for
i Commercial. $20,220: Improvements
g^ 2? assessed for I13.CC0: ln-
5 surance. S17.C0O; prem.,
3 | $115 50; south wes"t cor-
S a tier of Sansome and
gj;g S Commercial streets.
•¦ This la a particularly
fine Investment. The building- is stout and
substantial, with extra heavy brick walls, built
to last a contury. The total rents are $325 per
month. The store, 409 Sansome, rents for $W;
the ttore, 413 and 415 Sansome, for J150, and the
upper part (the Coso House) for $125; no leases.'
MONTGOMERY AM) SACRAMENTO STS.
Land assessed for
C Sacramento. $?0.toO; Improvements
pi TfZ j assessed for $18,600; in-
ci ' surance, $10,000; prem.,
«-, *» $36; southeast corner
c of Montgomery and
5 «.» Sacramento streets..
« — This corner was for-
merly occupied by the Donohoe-Kelly Banking
Company. The improvements consist of one
of the most substantial flve-story brick build-
ings ln th« city. Alvlnsa Hayw.-a.rd" a magnlll-
etat eieven-ftory office building: ts in the same
block, only 160 feet distant. The basement and
first story as* leased to July 1, 1903. for $225
per month. The upper floors bring: only the
nominal rent of JUS. At a small expenditure
ln modernizing the upper part this rent could
be doubled.
FILLMORE.
' f 137:4 137:6 W. A. BLOCK *05.
fO-vara lot 1. assessed
for $10.SOO.
SO-vara lot 2, assessed
. for $9000.
5h fc; 60-vara lot 3, assessed
S Si 4 S for 911.470.
• • •» 60-vara lot 4, assessed
for 111. 020.
CO-vara lot S, accessed
117 :« U7:« for $SCCO.
£0-vara lot 6, assessed
j Sfor $10,570.
Bi „ £ This block Is leased
3ft t* E a whole to March 1.
f - a 2 ' " -I 902 . »-t $375 per month.
Improvementu belong
to the lessor and can
be removed by her
at the termination of
117:8 137:* lease. If the block Is
. not sold as a who!*,
**>-•>-. but in 50-vara subdi-
?, 1 3 t M visions, the purchaser
«> - a m of each EC-vara will be
entitled to one-sixth of
the monthly rent of
the entire block during
137:8 137:6 the term of the lease.
WEBSTER. At tl: * expiration of
the lease the purchaser
can enter into possession of the land.
This block of land Is destined to become on*
Ot the moet valuable ln the Western Addition,
fronting, as it does, on Flllmore and Turk
•treets. and being the most Important transfer
point north of Market strMt. It Is now nearly
.entirely occupied for business purposes, and in
ten years will pay 4 per cent net on $250,000. It
is one of tbe fevr remaining whole blocks In
! ths heart of the Western Addition, an J its
possibilities are very great, eltner ior business
purposes, pleasure grounds or as a church,
school or recreation center. I
BEAXJ3 AND BRYANT STS.
Land assessed for
i J^Tj S3L500; Improvements
m belong to tenant ;north-
•a g ii west corner of Beala
y »• E. and Bryant streets.
127. g ? This grand corner, con-
i-^ slating of two 60-vara
Bryant lots, has the
future of tny property In San Francisco. Fac-
ing the water front, across the street from
the Banta Fe depot, and graded out of solid
reck. It presents a chance ror Investment that
la seldom offered at public or private sale.
There is a lease on the property expirlnr Feb-
ruary L 1912. The rent up to February 1, 1902.
is $200 per month, for the next five years $250
per month and for the balance of the term $300
per month. During the Ufa of this lease the
value of the property will increase at least at
the rate of 6 per cent per year, and more likely
at the rate of 19 per cent.
FTLLMORE. W. A. BLOCK J06.
I7:«! 27:6 27:6 27:6 27:6 [assessed for $31,6O0;°lm-
provements assessed for
S 8 2 a 9 t 1^? 1 the lots facing
S 5 s & « Eddy and Webster
streets are' matt ad-
1 vantageouely situated
f>. 187:6 157:6 • for residence purposes
8 3 either dwellings or
« 127-1 *~ iiT.g — w flats > being only ten
m.» 1.7.8 minutes- ride from
j S and Powell
, V • 1J7:6 137:« • streets, and in the lm-
. b g5 ¦ J5 mediate neighborhood
«!«> 137-6" * i«7'b — « of primary, grammar
BjjjP. iJ7.t> U7.6 high schools. Tho
C|« , pilots facing Fiilmor»
! B|» 137:« 137:6 »j«treet are business
i £ 15 propositions, as the
\*\' ... .-¦ > ,1 . only two business
|a|?» 137:6 137:« «jstreets in the Western
I ft 'S . S Addition ara Fillmora
«fi3 137-e 137-8 « and Devlsadero. Land
p H fronting on Flllmora
S . - £t street In this location
?. U7:6 137:6 » sold 12 years ayo for
8 S $200 per front foot; in-
j ¦ side lots. Keep in mind
that the lots are extra
5 3 £ o S wlde - having 27:6 front,
c a e S § ajid are especially
adapted to 3-flat dwell-
27:« 27:8 «7-fl 27-6 27:6 ln *"' There Is a two-
y — story frame dwelling
WUBBTER. on the northwest cor-
ner of Eddy and .Web-
iter streets, renting for $20 per month.
SPEAR AND HOWARD "STS.
TIn _,_. Land assessed for
Mowara. |19,25O; improvements
81:8 I ~, belong to tenant -.south-
Mi r. "S west corner of • Spear
.3 ii 2 and Howard streets.
£ r> % This Is a piece of prop-
81 ;j ' erty that has been eag- -
1 erly sought after, and
Jbe owners have time and again been asked to
?>ut a price on It. It is in the heart of what
1 rapidly becoming the wholesale district of the
! city. All the large real estate transactions of
the past year have been in the vicinity, and
the surrounding property . it now rumored • to .
belong to the Santa Fe or Southern Paclflo
companies. Present rental, $85 per month; no
lease.
• The water rates are all paid by the tenants
where not mentioned. Any • further particulars
or information will be gladly furnished at 'the
office of
B. P. OI/IVEB,
Real Estate Agent and Auctioneer,
114 Montgomery Street
AMUSEMENTS.
>}iCEOSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
FAREWELL WEEK.
D2S RING DES NIBELUNGEN (Wagner).
TO-NIGHT, at £:15 (by request) "LA BO-
KEME ¦— Melba, Pcheff. Saleza, Gillbert. Jour-
net. ivjfrlche. Masifro and Campanari. Con-
ductor Mr. ilam'inelll.
T.--m«rrow niphi. at 7:30— "GOTTERDAEM-
MFFU'N'V— IMpppl. Muhlmann and FA. <le
Kpyzk*; Susan Stn--n?r. Schumann-Heink. .Sch'ff,
Bridewell and Nrrdtca. Conductor. Mr. Wal-
ter Datr.rosch.
t-aturday at 2. farewell Matinee— "LA TRA-
V1ATA"-Melba. Van Cauteren. Bauermelster.
Campanari. Bars. l>ufriche. Glllbtrt and Cre-
suonini. Conduct"-. Mr. Mandnelll.
prices-*: to $r.
Snturfiiiy eveninK, December 1— Extra Per-
'ormar.ce-'LOHENGRlN"— Gadskl and Senu-
;r.tr.r.Hf!r,k, Van Dyck. Muhlmann, Dufrlche
and niass. Cnrwlurtnr. XTr. Welter Oamroscb.
PF&1AL PltlCKS for thin Pet rormanc*— Or-
chestra and 3 Front Rows, Press Circle, IS;
IVer* Cirrle <)«« S row*). $4; Family Circle. 13;
Gallerv. £2: Boxes, $». J2S,.$30; General Admis-
tlnn. ». •
Pundsy. r>et ?— Popular and Farewell N'.Rht.
••KIGOLirrTO'."
Buzarme A«arr.s. Eau»r. BauerraelBter. Van
Cavieren and Homer: Saleza. Journet, Gllibert,
Ijufriehe. Vlviant. Mapiero and Sccttl.
Conductor. Mr. Flon.
— PUICES— fl. fl. $2 10. $3.
B-xes. 112. 115. tis. General Admission JL
WEUEK PIANO l-'SED.
GRAND OP^PA HOUSE
MONDAY EVENING NEXT, DEC. 3.
REOPENING cf the Dramatic Season.
FIRST APPEARANCE cf the
OLIVER LESLIE CO.
Every artist direct from New Tork.
In & superb production of
THE PRISONER of ZENDA
First time at popular prices.
10c. 15c, 25c and 50c.
A few front row* ln orchestra, 75c.
FEATS NOW ON SALE.
Branch ticket office — Emporium.
MATINElT TO-DAY,
THANKSGIVING DAY.
Parquet, 25c. any seat: Balcony. 10c; Chll-
tfren. 10c. any part reserved.
A VAUDEVILLE BILL WITHOUT A FLAW!
JULIUS P. WITUAJIK. DUPONT AXD LO-
THIAN'. ANNE KEKWTCK. MALLORT
BROTHEIIS AND BROOKS. THE GREAT
WALDON. SPELLING ANX> KEVELL,
CONDITT AND MORET. MARTINE
BRO? . IONE MacLOUTH.
' SPECIAL MATINEE_ TO-DAY AT 2.
I'LL HAVE A SPANISH GUNNER!
Tin? IS THE SECOND WEEK
Of the Great Comic Opera Triumph.
A JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
With Its Wealth of Melody and Mlrta.
Evenings at S. Matinee Saturday ax 2.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50o
Telephone Bush 9.
TKTP EVEMXO Students of University .of
California Wl'l Attend — Special Programme.
frMEAJR£^A>
ThanksgiYing Matinee To-Day!
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
August '.n Daly's La.ughs.bie Play,
SEVEN-TWENTY-EIGHT
KEGULAR MATINEES— SAT. aa« SUNDAY.
Next Week — David Belasco'a Charmlnjr Jap-
anese Story,
"MADAME BUTTERFLY."
OLYMnAgSZin**
ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW
IN THE CITY.
MABEL HUDSON,
A Sons Elrt Who Knows How to Sins.
LEOHBRO BROTHERS,
America's Mcst Famous Gladiatorial Acrobat*.
AUD OTTB CELEBRATED STOCK
COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY.
AMATElTIt NIGHT EVERY FRIDAT.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES!
TO-DAY! TO-NIGHT!
Thanksgiving Celebration !
Special Feature Matinee !
T8E MARTINE BROTHERS, Co^ r d / bat8 .
AND OTHER VAUDEVILLE STARS.
"k' Telephone for Seata. Park 2S.
UNION COURSING PARK
THURSDAY ..November 29th
Special Holiday Stake!
64 ENTRIES.
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Towneend etreets 10:15 a.
m. and 1:13 p. m- Ean Mateo electric cars
<\ery v'.x minutes.
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
BASEBALL !
STOCKTON
"OAKLAND
THIS AFTERNOON, 2:30 O'CLOCK.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TAJCFORASJ PARK.
Ir-.tlai noting Monday, Nov. IS, to Saturday,
Dec. 1. Inclusive. Six or more races each wefk
Car. Six stake events, one hurdle race and
two steeplechases first' two weeks. First rac«
of the day at 2:10 p. m. Trains leave Third
and Townsend etre«ts for Tanforan Park at 7,
10:40, 11:30 a. ta., 1. 1:30 and 2 p. m.. followed
after tbe last race, at Intervals of a tew min-
utes, by several specials. Rs&r cars retHvC.
for ladle* and their escorts. Admission t> tt>«
J- course, including railroad fare, $1.25.
L D. LYNCH PRINGLE. Secretary.
IL TOZER. Racine Secretary.
FISCHER'S CO^«L H^ S£ -
Mme. Gabriel Etlrval: Mae Edrerton Davis;
Corlnne. ln ••Historical Antique"; Olive Vail
and Argyle Tully; Irene Franklyn; Ouhama,
the Jap and Harry. H. Walton. Special matinee
Tfeankssivte*. Reserved ceats Sc.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.Both oall money and discounts In London are
above the bank rate. Our own money market
continues unruffled, call loan rate* falling a\va y
as a result of the continued absorption of
funds on sub-Treasury operations and the
jioEtponemtnt of the return flow of funds from
the Interior. The early heaviness of the mar-
NEW YORK, Nov. IS.— To-day's stock mar
feet was the dullest eince the Monday preced
ing the election. There wore no dealings on
any considerable scale and the movement of
pric«-« was sluggish and Irregular and not im
portant. The market narrowed very considera
bly, the nu'ir.bpr of different ctocks dealt in
being t-rr.n:i'-r :!.»!) for many days past. It is
not improbable that to-morrow's holiday pro
moted ihe curtailment of speculative ventures.
The. dealings were left very largely In the
hands of room 'traders and the larger interests
and the public were apparently out of the mar
krt entirely. There was no rreat pressure of
liquidation, but when any considerable volume
of Ftocks was offered there «a» not sufficient
demand to sustain . the price. On the other
hand even small demand was sufficient to ef
fect a considerable advance in price, as the
celling order* tn the market were also on a
v«-r>' small i«caU-. The market was very gener
ally heavy in the earlier part of the day, large
ly from the influence of the weakness in the
London market. The disclosure through yester
diiy's London nettlement of a long: account In
Americans Is Interpreted as weakening the
u-chnical position of this market and the grow
ing tlghtpes* of money In London gives rise
to the apprfhension that New York may have
to absorb' considerable speculative liquidation
from that center. In fa-et. the selling for Lon
don account to-day was estimated as high as
75,000 ehares on balance. .
Nezv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
'MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual "discount to* the < trade: Graham
Flour, }3 per *- 100 lbs; Rye Flour. ¦ $2 75; : Rye
Meal,- 12 50; Rice ¦ Flour. \ %T. Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat 'Groats. H 10; Iloiu-
FLOUR— Calif ornla Family Extras. {3 60®
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' * Extras, f 3 40® 3 50;'
Oregon and -Washington, $2 75<3S 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
$4 7306 75 per .barrel. ' v
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2CO0 ctls. 72%c; 2000. ,72%c.
Second Session — No sales. ._
Regular Morning Session— May— 14,000 ctls,
Jl .03%. December— 4000, 95%c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctle. 72Uc
OATS— Rule firm and unchanged, with- light
receipts.
White, tl 30@l 80; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 20® 1 30 for feed and $1 35® 1 40 for seed; Gray,
nominal; Black, for feed, |1 12>i@l 20; for seed,
II 20131 30 per ctl. ¦ ' ;
, CORN— Is higher In sympathy with the East
ern markets. The 3500 ctls of Eastern. that ar
rived yesterday was all I sold prior to arrival.
California Yellow. $1 15©1 20: California White.
$1 2C; Eastern Yellow, $1 20; White, $l 20; Eaal
ern mixed, $1 20' per ctl.
RYE— SS^POc per ctl. v> :.V- 1 ;
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at |1 75@2 p«r ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed, 73o for choice bright, 72>,4!373%c for No.
1 and 67tt@70c for oft • grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades 80® 85c; Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 8000 ctls,
$1 0S%; M.000, Jl 0SH. December— 4000, 96c.
Second Session— May— 4000 ctla, $1 03%; 2000,
$1 03>i. •
Regular Morning Session— May— 14,000 ctls,
$1 0Z%. I December— 40CO, 95%c.
Afternoon Session— May— 28.000 ctls, $1 03%;
6000, *1 08*4- December— 14,000, 96c.
BARLEY— The situation stands as before,
choice bright feed being scarce and dark lots
dull. •
CALL BOARD SALES,
¦The local market was dull - and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; Milling. Jl@
1 02tf per ctl.
WHEAT— Liverpool . was quiet and Heady.
Parts declined. New Tork was several frac
tions off. Chicago was dull and featureless.
Ten loads were taken at New York for Lisbon.
Bradstreet's estimate gave a decrease for the
week of 712,000 bushels east of the Rockies and
an increase of 400,000 bushels In Europe and
afloat, making a net decrease of 312,000 bushels.
Commission houses sold freely on the> Chicago
market. The- Northwest sold May freely.
Minneapolis reported ' a very strong cash de
mand, with millers and elevators buying.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 S2V4
Sterling Exchange, Bight — • 4 S6tf
Sterling Cables — * 87Va
New York Exchange, sight — 6
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 7^
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64',i
Mexican Dollars, nominal BOH @ 61
Exchange and Bullion.
Chicago Grain Market.
San Francisco and vlrinlty— Fair Thursday,
with lnerea*ir.g cloudiness in the afternoon and
at night, light fog In the morning: light north
erly, changing to noutheaMPrty winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Arizona— Fair ThurFday
Southern California— Fair Thursday, with
l;pht frrfts in the interior; light northerly
¦winds. - f
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Northern California— Fair Thursday, with ln
cr<'s«ing oloudlnepf! In the afternoon and at
n'rfct; light n?>rtheriy changing to southerly
v.-inds.
The temirfrature ha* remained nearly etatton
try over the entire country west of the Rocky
Mountains.
has fallen over Oregon and Washington.
A rainfall of 140 inch's is reported at Astoria.
Forecast mad* at Sar. Francisco for thirty
h'urf f^iiir.g midnight November 29, 1900:
An area of high pressure overlies the Rocky
Mountain reginn, with an extension southweet
vard over Utah. Nevada and California. Dur
ing the r>a*t twenty-four hours there has been a
Flight rise In pre*Eure over the southern half
of the Pacific elope. There has been a slight
}aU over Northern Washington and Vancouver
Inland. A nrxlfrate depression over Northern
V.'a^hlr.gton will probably move northeastward.
throuKh the British possessions. Fhould lt
jnf.vf nouthwRrd rain will fa.il along the coast
t>r< -baWy to San Franc!f<^n. The present lndl
• ¦p.tlons favor fair or partly cloudy weather on
Tlar.kFgiving day ever the southern half pf the
I'a'-iflr flope.
Fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Ef, minimum, 50; mean. hi.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
! Laet I Th!« I Lert
STATIONS. :J4 Hours' Season. ! Season.
r.urfka 00 14.19 1D.06
H^d Bluff 00 S.E3 7.04
fai-raBier.tn .00 «.65 6.9S
Fan J"ranc!sco ,00 S.83 7.60
Fmno .00 4.9S i.ZS
:•:.:.•:.•>:.'<•- .CO 2.14 1.22
San Luif Obispo 00 8.66 S.B4
I-rn> Angeles .00 6.73 2. £9
F£n -Diego 00 1.70 1.28
EVAPORATED APPLES— Offerings of evap
orated apples continue light, with demand mod
erate, and desirable grades hold steady at fully
sustained prices. State.' common, were quoted
at 4t?5c; prime, 4*i(^5Uc; choice, 5%@6c; fancy,
606Hc.
California dried fruits were dull but steady.
PRUNES— Were quoted from 3Hc to 8V4c per
pound, as to nlze and duality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll©14e; Moorpark. ll@16c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16*f20c; unpeeled, 6(g9c
NEW YORK. Nov. 28.— FT/DUR—neoeipts.
24.C0S barrels: exports, 7102 packages. Steady,
with business checked by the holiday and lr
resularity of wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts. 54,425 bushels; no exports.
?!?? t -' E , a *y- No. 2 red, 77%c t. o. b. afloat,
<6»»c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth. S7H<"
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, S6%c f. o. b.
afloat. Options— Opened steady and throughout
the forenoon were *vell supported by local buy
ing orders and steady English cables. Later
prices weakened sharply with corn, followed
by a final rally which closed the market steady
at unchanged prices to net decline. March
closed 79^0; May. 79H 1 37»Hc, closed 79?»c: No
vember closed 76'ic; December. -76 6- 1637694c.
closed 76»ic
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Srot— Rio, weak: No. 7 invoice,
7Hc; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8ie. Futures
—Closed steady at unchanged prices to 10 point*
decline. Total sales, 24,750 bags. Including:
November, JS; December, $6; January, }S 06:
March. J6 20®6 23; May, *8 30; June. $6 40; July,
J6 40; September, J6 50; October. J6 55.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3T4c;
centrifugal, 66 test. 4Hc; molasses sugar, 3Hc.
Refined, steady: No. 8. 4.90c; No. 7. 4.80c: No.
S. 4.70c; No. 9. 4.60c; No. 10. 4.55c; No. 11, 4.55o;
No 12, 4.50c; No. 13. 4.50c; No. 14. 4.50c; stand
ard A, 6.40c; confectioners' A, 5.40c; mold A,
6. J.V-; cut loaf. 6c; crushed, 6c; powdered, 6.70c;
Branulnted, 6.60c; cubes, 6.75c /
Bl'TTEK — Receipts, 62S2 packages: firm.
Creamery. 18<g25c; June creamery. l&@'23c; fac
tory. 12ft 16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4146 packaee«; stronger.
Western larce packing, at mark, 20®24c; West
ern, loss off, 27c.
Louis XI was notoriously a believer In
omens, and some modern rulers, we are
informed, have a similar weakness.
Kaiser 'Wllhelin Is said to cherish a pair
of his grandfather's sleeve-links, a tobac
co pouch that belonged to Nepoleon and
a spur lost by Charles XII at Poltawa.
all of which, he is convinced, bring him
luck. Kin? Ob car _ has a plain ring el
Marshal Bernadotte's. which, ac.-ordir%- v
to tradition, will preserve the throne in 4
the family. Prince Ferdinand of Bu!sra-1
ria still keeps the charger ridden by his
unfortunate predecessor at Sllvlnitza. con
fident that his crown shall not fall oft
while there is life in the old hack. The
Prince Regent of Bavaria has no talis
man, but he has one superstltltlon. Ho
can never be got to hunt or shoot on a
Friday.— Plttsburg Dispatch.
Talismans of Royalty.
Morning Session.
' 20 Giant Powder Con g4 50
10 Giant Powder Con g4 75
170 Giant Powder Con 83 00
10 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 85 00
100 Honokaa S Co 3200
20 Makawell 41 CO
45 Market-street Hallway 70 po .
140 Oceanic S S Co 100 00
150 Paauhau S P Co 3200
5 S F Gas and Elertrtc Co 46 62%
MS F Gas and Electric Co 47 00
60 S F Gas and Electric Co. s 90...... 47 12^4
6 cash Spring Valley Water M 25
Street—
100 A'laska Packers" Association 123 00
165 Honokaa S Co 32 00
160 Paauhau S P Co 32 00
$1000 Sacramento Elec, Gas & Ry 5s 190 12«4
Afternoon Session. ;/•*•"
Board—
20 Alaska Packers" Association 124 75
30 California-street R R 130 00
60 Giant Powder Con.... gs 25
7r. Giant Powder Con... 85 12H
60 Giant Powder Con, s 90 85 00
E0 Giant' Powder Con gs 00
ICO Hana Plantation Co 7 CO
- 50 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 86 00
J2000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 110 60
100 Oceanic S S Co 100 00
10 Oncmea Sugar Co » 50
J30OO Sacramento Elec, Gas & Ry Ss 100 00
60 8 F Gas & Elec Co. s 90 47 00
150 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 4S 50
75 Vlgorit 3 25
Street—
10 Honokaa S Co ..; 32 00
10 Market-street Railway 70 00
J1C00 Oakland Gas bends m 50
300 Paauhau S P Co 32 00
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
•:•. . Board— I
¦ 5M Cala-Standard 34
100 Caribou 53
2 Kanford ; m M
100 Homestake ij no
300 Lion Oil Co 3^
300 McKlttrick Consolidated 5 S5
. 100 Monarch of Arizona i»
ICO Occidental of -West Virginia $5
1000 Petroleum Center <v.
300 Rex '. .," oj
1 60 San Joaquln Oil and Development.. 9 ?*>
:200 Shamrock j {q
'Afternoon Session.
Bonrd—
¦2000 Cala-Standard ,
100 Cala-Standard ..'... " t\
200 Caribou- " S o
200 Caribou * ..'."" «
300 Four Oil Co.: ' 7,
100 Home Oil " 4 Jj
¦ 1500 Independence "" «
60Lion Oil Co...%..... ""
200 Lion Oil Co '¦' «
„.. 50 McKittrlck Consolidated 55
1CK* Monte Cristo 1 in
100 Monte Cristo j 35
BOO Petroleum Center 20
1000 Petroleum Center 21
100 Reed Crude Oil Co so
Al Pack Assn.l24m25
ral Fruit Asn. — 105
Mer Ex Assn.. »7 100
Oceanic S Co.,100 10OU
Pac A F A 2% —
Pac C Bor Co. — 152
Par Paint Co.. l!tf —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
WEDNESDAT, Nov. 2S— 2:30 D. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BId.Ask. Bid.Ask
4s quar coup.116 11SH 4s do ci> (new)13S 133
4s do reg 116 116*1 3a do coup 110 ill
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co. 104 105
Cal-st Cab 3s.U9 —
C C Water 5s.lO8»i —
Ed L & P 6s.. .131 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — —
Geary-st R 5s. —
H C & S 5V4s.. — —
Do Bs 100% —
L. A Ry Bs.... 110 111
L A Lt Co 6s.. — , 103
Do gntd 6s.. — —
I. A tntd 5s... 100 102
LAPRR 5S.103 —
llarket-st «s...12S% —
Do 1st M 5S.120&4 —
N C N G R "s. — 114
N R of Cal 6S.114*; —
Do 5s «9 —
NPCRR 6S.101 —
Do 5s 108 1WH
N Cal Ry 6s.. .113% —
Oak G L. & H.llO^i —
Oak Tran 6S..11SU119
Oak Water 5s.. 105 —
Oceanic SS Ss.llOTilll
Om C Ry 6S...12S 129U
Pac G Imp 4s.. 102 —
P & Cl Ry Ss-.lOs —
P A O R II Ss.llSl* —
Powell-st R 6s — —
Sac E G&R 6s. — 100'i
S F & SJV 5s. — 12U
S R of Cal 6s.. — 1U
S P of A 6s... 113 113H
S P C 6s (1905)
(Series A). ...10954 —
Do(Series B)1V>»4 —
Do (190C1 112 —
Do (1912) 120H121 T 4
S p R.ist k os.iiny^ —
S P R 6s 131 —
S V Water 6s.li<%U4!i
Do 4s 102T4 —
Do 3d mt^e.i»2H —
Stktn Gas 6s. .100 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. - TlVi Spring Valley. 93% 931,
Marin County. 51H —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L 4 P Co - 4H
Eqult G X. Co. 3 —
Mutual El Co.. — 9 5 *
OG L.& H.... 49% SOU
Pac Gas Imp.. — BO j
Pac L Co — 44
Sac E GAR Co — 40
S F G & E.... 46H —
San Francisco. — 5
Stktn G&E Co— 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.227H230 1 F.rv
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 69 —
Bank of Cal... — —
Cal S D & T. — 105%
First NatlonaI.29S 3(W
Lon P & A. ...142 150
Merchants' EX IS 14
SAVINGS BANKS
Ger S & L. — 1900
Hum S & I>... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 —
S F Sav Un...51o- —
Sav & L. So... — 81
Sac Sav Bk — —
Union T Co.... — —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....129 —
Geary-st — 50
Market-st 70 —
,O S L, & H.... 33 464
Presidio — 22
POWDER STOCKS
California — 1*>
Giant Con Co.. S5 85H
vlgorit 3*4 3%
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 6Ti 7 Kilauea S Co.. 20% —
Haw C & S Co S6 — Makawell S Co 41 —
Honokaa S Co. -31% 32^4 Onomea S Co. »V4 —
Hutch S P Co. 25H — Paauhau S Co. 32 32U
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
There was a very fair business on the mom-
Ing session of the Bond Exchange, and prices
were firm. Oceanic Steamship sold up to J10O,
Giant Powder to $55 and Gas and Electric to
*47 12H.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric sold back
to $46 50.
There was less activity on the Oil Exchange,
though there was a fair amount of trading.
There win be no sessions of the boards to-day.
The last monthly report of the Alaska-
Treadwell mine shows the dropping of 640
stamps on 60,033 tons ore. the outcome of which
was {66,512 in gold and 963 tons sulphurets, val
ued at $30,521. The total bullion for the month
was $104,488, showing an average of $1 74 per
ton. The expenses were J34.OOO.
The Southern California Oil and Fuel Com
pany paid Its regular monthly dividend of one
half per cent on the 20th.
The United States Crude Oil Company paid
Its regular monthly dividend of 2 per cent on
the 15th. This was dividend No. 11.
The Kern Oil Company paid a dividend of 50c
per share on the 20th.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
Cat* as con-.pered with those of the Bame date
lot KtMB and rainfalls in the last twenty
f'-ur hours:
rj2Mh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 2S. 1900—5
Weather Report.
#
"Sanguine observers will fir.d in the B'.tuatlon
as it stands plenty of reason for expecting
continued speculative and investment activity.
We have had a lon*r run of dullness in the
market. an<l revival wa.« therefore to be natu
rally erpected. The election has created a
Eituaticm calculated to foster booms 5n many
directions. Judging from common report, the
leading branches of Industry are each promised
their own booms. New corporations are forth
coming at a rate which premiss a pronounced
revival of the "Industrial" hoom. If the China
trouble* should be ¦aUafactorUy settled, we
may look for a "Celestial" boom with wide
reaching consequences. We seem destined. In
deed, to enter the twentieth century in the
must of a bewilderment of booms. But, all
enthusiasm cp&n, there does seem much solid
promise of an era of prosperity that will give
enhanced value to all forms of pound enter
prise; and. much as financial values have al
ready rif-en. it would be venturesome to pre
dict that they will rot advance still further be
fore the end has been reached: reactions of
rr.ore <t less severity of course are now in or
cer and must be expected. We rfcomirw.d for
the present quick in-and-out turns rather than
buying for "long pulls. The frequent fluctua
tio'ns hereafter will be very profitable to the
nimble operator who catches them."
Her.ry Clews, the New Tork banker, has
this to say about boom?:
Booms.
"The market on cocoanuts dropped tZ per
10<vi yesterday, largely owing to recent heavy
arrivals."
¦'Wa'.nuij of ail kinris continue in very ac
tive d'-rrar.ii and prices are held very firm.
California walnuts are celling at ll^ 2 c and 12?.
with fii;; M<?s Ujrht. Sicily filberts are firm
at 1jS;: ; 4<\ an-l ar»- in te'«>l dfmand. Almonds
are easy, and Brazils are r.ot much wanted.
Mixed r.uts are poing out fairly well at lO^c.
"De^iand for new P^r^ian dates continues
very •?tive and the market is strong. An ad
vance in price Is not unlikely within a day or
eo. The California raisin situation on the tpot
Is weak and unchanged but a report from the
coaFt that the Raisin Association has in con
templation Uie buying up of outside raisins
has caused some hope to spring up In the
breasts cf local holders. Prunes are flrraer,
and It Is now becoming quite difficult to get
erne sIzps at the cut prices that have pre
vailed for so long a time. Demand for epot
prunes is p<y*l Currant? are steady, with
<ju:te a good Jobbing demand. Few large sales
are reported, but the volume of orders totals
up a good amount. Evaporated apples on the
fpot are quiet and fairly firm. Futures are
easier, December l*ing offered at 4 T »c.
Mail s1vic«*s frr-m Jfew Ycrk say
Nuts and Dried Fruits in New
The rvrtc took out a tifasur* list of $C.
644. consisting of J4lv!,o?4 in MexifMn dollars.
$7^V> in gold coin and HTX.s™ in Filver bullion.
Treasure Shipment.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28.— The abandonment of the
November corn deal was pre-eminently the
feature on the board. Phillips, who has con
trolled the market, settled with shorts yester
day, giving them 670,000 bushels at an
average price of 49%c. To-day he closed out
25.000 bushels, all that was left of his line.
In order to let some small holders out easy
he held the price up during the forenoon. This
being accomplished, he withdrew his support
and the market, which opened at 49l4^50o and
clung between those figures, dropped sharply
to 41c, at which it closed 9 cents under yester
day. December was governed by local condi
tions and December, lacking bull support, ruled
easy, selling between 36%' >4c and 35%c and
closed >,«c down to 35%c. Shorts settled as a
last resort, the move to bring back corn from
the East having failed.
December wheat touched the low price for
this crop, the only feature the market had to
offer. The market opened a shade up at ~0M@
70%c and touched 70*£c because of unexpected
steadiness at Liverpool In the face of the weak
ness here yesterday. The evidence was not
supported and a decline to 69 T^o. low price for
this crop, ensued. It had been expected that
stop loss orders would come out at 70c, but
in this bears were disappointed and on their
covering a rail" to 70'.ic followed. When this
demand ceased the market started downward
again and at the close was easy at 70%c. Trade
throughout was dull and of a holiday charaoter.
In oats the exchange of December for May at
2V4c premium for the latter formed the bulk
of trade. December closed %c down at 21%c.
Provisions were dull. The market opened
lower on heavy hog receipts and the liberal
stocks fluctuated narrowly and closed fairly
steady. January pork closed 12%c under yes
terday: lard, &©7%c lower, and ribs 7%@10o
down.
There will be no session of the Board of
Trade to-morrow. t-... t
The leading futures ranged a* follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November 70U 70U 70 . 70>4
December 70»i 70H «9T4 70
January 71 71*4 70% 70%
Corn No. 2—
November 49^ 60 41 41
December 36V4 36H 36% 35%
May 86% .36% 8«£ 36%
Oats No. 2— -«¦¦/;-
November 21% 21H 21H 21H
December 21?* 21% 21% 2i«
May 24 24V4 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
November .... 11 25
May .'...« 07H 13 07% 1197% 12 06
January 12 15 12 17H 12 02% 12 07%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
November 6 87% 6 95 6 S2% 8 95
January 6 82% 6 82% 6 77% 6 80
December 6 90 6 95 6 S5 6 95
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
November.... • 7 62%
January 6 30 6 30 « I2U 6 23
May 630 6 32% « 27% 6 30
I Cash quotation* were as follows:! Flour, dull
and unchanged; No. 3 spring wheat, 66@70c; No
2 red, 70Mj73e: No. 2 corn. 41@47c; No. 2 yel
low. 41«47c: No. 2 oats, 22%@2$c; No. 2 white
2i)«i<?f26?ic; No. 3 white, 24H@26Hc: No. 2 rye'
47®4?c; fair to choice malting barley. 47ig-5Sc-
No. 1 fla--/»eed. 1163; No.-. 1 ' Northwestern!
SI C3 l /j; prime timothy seed. $4 25@4 35; mess
pork, per barrel. $11 12H©11 25: lard, per 100
pounds. $6 S5@6 95; short ribs sides (loose), $6 60
4/7 50; dry salted Bhoulders : (boxed), b 7 A@C>\' % c;
. short clear sides (boxed), $6 7^6 85; sugars,
unchanged; clover, contract grade. $10.' ¦• -
Articles— ; Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,000 20,000
WOieat, bushels ........ ....1S5.000 50,000
Corn. lrush«?ls ..'. 605.000 S63.OOO '
Oats, bushels 230.000 224.000
Rye. bushels 2,000 ¦ 2.000
Barley, bushels .............115,000 23.0CO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
CO*. SOO Shares sold.
CLOSING' BONDS.
U S refunding 2s iN Y Cent lsts 109*4
r*>g 105V;|N J Cent gen Ss-.-lM^i
do coup 105»ij No Pac 3s 70V1
do 3s res no I do 4s iorfc
co coup 110 N Y C & St L 4s.. .107'
do new 4s reg...l3S 'iNorf & W con 4s.. 99?i
«o coup ." 13S Or Nav lsts 109
do old 4s reg Ill do 4s 1049J
do coup -., 116 Or ,S Line 6s 12Sli
do £s reg U3Vi do con 5s us
do coup '...113U ! Reading gen 4s .. 90
Dls of Col 3.65s. ...124VJ R G W lsts 991;
Atchison gen 4s 102'-i St L & I M con 5B.113ti
do adj 4s 88V4 St L & S F gen 6s.l2S
Can So 2da 108% St Paul cons 17314
Ches & Ohio 4%b. . 101% I St P C & Pac lsts.mu
do E« 120 I do 5s 121
C * N W con 7s.. .139 I So Pac 4s $4
do S F deb os 119V4 So Railway 6« . J1254
Chi Term 4s 93>* S Rope & T 6s.. 70
Colo So- 4s 83>i Tex & Pac lsts 116%
D & R G 4b 100*. do 2ds $2
Erie gen 4s......... 75 Union Pac 4s ..lOtiU
F W & T) C lsts.... 75 ! Wabaeh Jets ue%
Gen Elec 5s 14J I do 2<ls ! 1Q4U
Iowa Cent lsts 116"4lWe»t Shore 4s . . 114
L & Nash unl 4s...lOO4| Wls Cent lsts S5
M K & T 2ds 70441 Va Cent $24i
(Jo is 94*4' n
ket gave way quite generally to a recovery in I
the iate dealings after London had ceased sell- i
\r.g. Probably covering by room shorts was a i
factor in this movement. The gains were not
all r*-tain«»d to the close, which was moderately ,
active and irregular. Amalgamated Copper ;
continued to show a weakness, supposed to h 1 * ,
on account of apprehension of unfavorable
legislation in Montana. The new Chicago and j
Alton stocks were largely bought at advances I
of 2SS1 1 , for the common and preferred, re- 1
Bpectlrely. The rubber stocks -were notably i
«fal:, but recovered part of their losses.
The bond mork*t was quite active and yield- j
*>d in spots. Total sales, par value, $4,055,000. '
United Stales bonds were all unchanged on !
th«> !a« call.
NEW YOKK. Nov. 2S.— The saieB of Standard ;
Oil sharfs in the opfn market to-day aggre- 1
patod lf.7 shares at $750, a new high record for J
the stock.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Share? | . doping •
Sold. Stock— Bid. ;
1S.4W Atchison 23*i (
33.70) Atchison prefd Mh '¦
2.1W Baltimore & Ohio &H* i
Canadian Pacific S« I
1.6*^0 Canada Southern EiSvi j
'.-.'-"-¦ Cheeape&ke & Ohio 3oT« {
S00 Chicago Great Western 14'« j
13,200 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 1S7
Chicago Ind & Louisville 23
'. Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 574
500 Chicago At Eastern Illinois 9S j
£0i) Chicago & Northwestern 167 1
6.400 Chicago Ttock Island & Pacific 115%
LTOO C C C & St Louis 66 j
2.20O Colorado Southern 'M
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42ij
200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd l"Vs
300 Delaware & Hudson 115
4)0 Delaware Laxkawanna & Western.. 1S2
17,200 Denver & Rio Grande 24"»
5,400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd ~ii'-,i I
£00 Erie 14» 8 j
300 Erie 1st prefd 33\ |
£00 Great Northern prefd lSl\i '
200 Hocking Coal 15»* !
300 Hocking Valley 3S 1 ; I
1,100 Illinois Central 121., I
100 Iowa Central 20U i
Iowa Central prefd 4S j
, TOO Lake Erie & Western 36 j
Lake Erie & Western prefJ 105 j
Lake Shore 210*4
9.100 Lcuisvllle .& Nashville S3 I
lS.Ki' Munhattan Elevated 109»; I
1,600 Metropolitan Street Railway 1T2 |
2U) Mexican Central 13
290 lnneapMolis & St Louis C44
Minneapolis & St Louie prefd SO 1^
9.100 Missouri Pacific 60 1
Mobile & Ohio 38
1.CO0 Missouri Kansas & Texas 12*i |
€,:.¦¦> Missouri Kansas & Texa« prefd Zl's :
LCCO New Jersey Central l»Gh j
1.200 New York Central 142 j
S.60Q Norfolk & Western 41*; j
Norfolk & Western rrefd 80 I
41.C09 Northern Pacific Tl'a !
4,600 Northern Pacific prefd &Z% I
3,300 Ontario & Western 25 j
Oregon Railway & Nav 42 |
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
9.K-0 Pennsylvania 142 1 ;
2.€C«1 Reading 19'i |
23.4M) Reading 1st prefd 63S I
l.T'-O Heading 2d prefd 3lVg !
Rio Grar.de Western 72 !
Rio Grande Western prefd 94 I
5.300 Pt Louis & San Fran 19*» !
1.000 St Louis &; San Fran 1st prefd 76 j
2,400 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 46V* I
400 fit Louis South-western ..' 14T 3
2.2U) St Louis Southwestern prefd 36'i
S.KO .St Paul lii'i 1
ino ft Paul prefd llo'Z
St Paul & Omaha 120
M.600 Southern Pacific 42l»
22.W<0 Southern Railway 1714 I
«.6^K) Southern Railway prefd C6Vi :
2.2fiO Texas & Pacific 19V. !
23.100 Union Pacific 72
6,f<'jO Union Pacific prefd g*i
100 Wabash gt^
100 Wabash prefd 20%
2.r&0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10^.
SOO Wheeling & Lalte Erie 2d prefd 28H
1.400 Wisconsin Central n'
Third Avenue 112
ZW Baltimore & Ohio prefd g4ti"
2,M>0 National Tube ei^i
S0<.' National Tube prefd 103
Express Companies —
Adams i$j
American 162
2iO United States 4?
Wells-Fargo 132
Miscellaneous —
400 American Cotton Oil 3014
200 American Cotton Oil prefd 80
900 American Malting 51'
Sffl American Malting prefd 24Vi
6,400 American Smelting & Refining 52'i
600 American Smelting & Ref prefd.. S5*i
American Spirits ji^
American Spirits prefd 17
800 American Steel Hoop 2t'i
I'M American Steel Hoop prefd "SS
15,500 American Steel & Wire 43^
800 American Steel & Wire prefd 87
COO American Tinplate 42*4
100 American Tinplate prefd SS'i
10,200 American Tobacco. 1CSH
100 American Tobacco prefd uo
l.f"00 Anaconda Mining Co 48»j
20,800 Brooklyn Rapid Tranlst :.. 72V k
2,600 Colorado Fuel & Iron 51*4
2.2(X) Continental Tobacco 36'i
COO Continental Tobacco prefd 83u
7.7C0 Federal Steel 49
V0 Federal Steel prefd 75«i
400 General Electric 168\*
200 Glucose Sugar 66
Glucose Sugar prefd 101
600 International Paper 2214
700 International Paper prefd 72
Lacl?de Gas 72
200 National Biscuit 374
National Biscuit prefd P2
900 National Lead 19V4
National I^ead prefd 93
700 National Steel ,.. 36
National Steel prefd S1V4
1.CO0 New York Air Brake : 170
2.400 Nprth American 1D1
Pacific Coast 57 -
Pacific Coast 1st prefd SS
Paclnc Coaet 2d prefd 67
Pacific Mall 43
16,300 People'* Gas 100%
200 Pressed Steel Car 61^
Pressed Steel Car prefd .' S5 l i
SOO Pullman Palace Car 199
Standard Rope & Twine 5
80.100 Sugar 132%
Sugar prefd 116
1,700 Tennessee Coal & Iron 71Va
4,100 United States Leather 13"'»
1.700 United States Leather prefd 75U
14.400 United States Rubber 27H
2.600 United States Rubber prefd 85
BOO Western Union S3'4
700 Republic Iron & Steel J6>*
L100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 65a»
C C C & St L.......J 55
8,100 Amalgamated Copper 9474
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the J15O.O0O.O0O gold reserve In the
division of redemption, showe: Available cash
balance, $137,201,376; gold. $93,352,527.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2S.-Money on call steady
at SM^'H per cent; last loan. 3',4 per cent:
prime mercantile paper, 4V;@5 per cent. Sterl
ing exchange steady, with actual business In
bankers' bills at 14 S5%??4 S5H for demand and
at U SUi for 60 days; posted rates. $4 S2H and
$4 SC4; commercial bills, $4 S0»i(@4 SHi- "Silver
certificates, 64'? 65c; bar Bllver, 64»*c; Mexican
dollars, 50c. Government bonds, steady; State
bonds, strong; railroad bonds, irregular.
New York Money Market.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Xov\ 2«.— Atchison. 40^; Canadian
Pacific. SS3»; umon Pacific preferred. 9o«i:
Northern Pacific preferred. S4»4 : Grand Trunk.
5"i; bar silver, quiet, 29 11-lCd ter ounce;
meney, 1»; per cent.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2S.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's JjOndon financial cablegram says:
A fair amount of business was done in the
markets here to-day, but the tone was dull on
the rumors of a spreadinc of disaffection in
South Africa and expectations that money will
be tlrht until the new year. Americans were
moderately active in their narrow limit. Lon
don was Inclined to sell before your Thanks>
givlnu holiday. Monej- and discounts were
steady.
London Market. '
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 07
Crowli Point ' 10
Con Cal & Va.... 1 23
Deadwood as
Gould & Curry.... 90
Hale & Noroross.. 2i)
Honi«Ptake ".COCO
Iron Silver S3
Mexican is
Ontario 7 6 P0
Ophlr 75
Plymouth 08
Quicksilver 1 25
Do prefd 7 00
filerrn Nevada .... 30
Standard 3 00
Union Con JO
i'ellow Jacket .... 2J
Brunswick 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND -BONDS
Money —
Call loans 3@1
Time loans 4Wj
Stocks—
Atohison 33%
do prefd S3 1 ;.
Am 'Sugar ...333
do preM '..116U
Bell Telephone 15«V-
Boston & An>any..:)y '".
Boston Klevated ..lCe'-i,
C B & QJ 137S 8
Dom Coal 40%
do prefd 112 1 *
Fed Steel 4S'i
<1o prpfd 75 1 -
Fitchburg prefd ...139 "]
Gen Elec ISTfi'
ao urefd 145 I
EH Elec 111 215 i
Mfx Cent 134
Mich Telephone .. 85
N E G & Coke 13
Old Colony 202
Old Dominion 31
Rubber 29
Union Pacific 12\i
Union Land 3%
West End 93 1 *
Westlngh Elec .... t3^
Bonds—
Atehison 4s 101
N B O & Coke us*.. 70
Mlningr shares —
Adventure 5*i
Allouez Mln Co .. S
A nisi Ik Copper 95*»
Atlantic 21'i
Bost & Montana... 32iH a
Hutte & Boston 93 1 *
Calumet & Hecla..S40
Centennial ..., l"!i
PTanklln 15
Humlxridt 25
Osceola 14
Parrot 49^4
Qulncy 165
Tamarack 2SS
Utah Mining 3iVi
Wlnona S 8 *
Wolverines 45'/s
SUMMARY OF THE' MARKETS.
Shipment of $638,644 to China.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley sluggish and unchanged.
Oats iir;n. Corn higher and Rye zeeak.
Hay steady. Feedstuff s as before quoted.
Beans continue firm af about previous prices.
Los .Jngclcs vegetables continue to arrive in bad condition.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter cud Eggs well cleaned up and firm. Cheese steady.
Dressed Turkeys lozver under heavy arrivals.
Live Poultry and Game quiet- and easy.
Fresh and dried fruits sJuno little change.
Nothing nr.i' in Provisions.
Beef, Mutton and Veal firm at the noted advance.
Increased exports of Salmon.
Heavy arrivals of Bananas.
WHEAT — Spot, firm; No. 1 California. 6s 2>£d:
No. 2 red Western winter, Cs; No. 1 Northern
•prlng 6s 3Ud. Futures, quiet; December.
5s 10%d; March, 6s W.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new,
4s 2^d. Futures, quiet; November, nominal;
December, 4s Id; January, Ss 1094d.
LONDON, Nov. 28.— Consols, 98 7-16; silver,
29 11-16; French rentes, lOOf 57Uc: cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady: cargoes No. 1
standard California, 30s; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s- English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 23.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California, 6a 2d@6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, dull; French country markets, firm;
weather In England, damp.
COTTON— Uplands, 6 9-16d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Nov. 25.— Wheat— Dull and rom
lnally unchanged. Bluestem, 56Hc; Club, 03&c.
WASHINGTON,
Cleared— British bnrk Morven, with 124.477
bushels of wheat; British ship Cromartyshlre,
with 17,781 bushels wheat- and 87,625 bushels
barley, both for Queenstown.
PORTLAND, Nov. 23.— The wheat market
has a weak tone, but the weakness In freights
has the effect of preventing much of a drop
and sales of "Walla Walla are still being mr.de
around 54c, with some dealers quoting BHc
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or .V Nov. 28.— Clearings, »363,
406; balances, $65,730.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2S.— The cotton market
opened weak at 2SM points lower under liqui
dation, following the opening there was a
upv.rt of covering which carried prices up, the
market closing steady with prices 5 points
lower.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— Although tin In the
local metal market showed a loss of 25 points
It was a* nominal one. due to the absence of
buyers. The market was extremely dull, clos
ing, af last night's price, except for the above
mentioned loss., Plglron was quiet at $9 oO®
10 50. Lake Copper quiet at $16 75t?18. Lead,
*4 3714. and spelter quiet at $4 S0-Q4 35. The
brokers' price for lead was $4 and for copper
$17.
Quiet, unchanged.
LEAD— Quiet, unchanged.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
New York Metal Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2S.— CATTLE— Receipts. 22.
000. Choice steers about steady, others 5>i?15c
lower. Butchers' stock weak to 10c lower.
Texans, 5c lower. Good to prime steers, $5 CO
@5 S5; poor to medium. $4S"> 20: selected feed
ers, weak, $3 35<J?4 25; mixed atoekerr, $2 25®
S 50; cows, $2 6OQ4 25; heifers. $2 60if?4 60; can
ners. $2«gi2 50; bulls, weak, $2 5)5J4 15; calves,
steady, $3 50iJ?5 50: Texas fed steers. $4@4 80;
grass steers. $3 30@4 10; bulls, $2 50@3 23.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 41.000; to-morrow, 33.
000; left over. 6000. Opened weak, closing weak.
10c lower; toe $4 93. Mixed and butchers',
$4 65® 4 93; -ond to choice heavy, $4 65«f4 92'4;
rough heavy. $4 50ff4 60; light, $4 65@4 95; bulk
of sales. $4 75S4 87%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15.000. Sheep and lambs,
good to choice, steady; poor to medium, slow
to lower; good to choice wethers, J4ff4 35; fair
to choice mixed, $3 6503 83; Western sheep, $4@
4 25; Texas sheep, $2 50R3 50; native lambs, $3 50
@3 10; Western lambs, $4 5005 10.
Ch icago L it 'cstock Ma rkct.
The sales since January 1 were 132,941,100
pounds, against 327.9S2.576 pounds for the cor
responding time last year.
The wool market has been rather more active
the past week. There has been considerable
quiet locking around for all classes of wool
and the demand haa been strictly for consump
tion. Reasonable prices have been offered and
have been accepted. A larger business would
probably have been transacted had It not been
for the extremely unfavorable weather, which
hai militated against an active demand for
goods. Advices from the West continue to in
dicate a x-cry. bullish feeling. Owners of wool
continue to hold It nt hlfrh Prices are
naturally In favor of the buyer, although there
te no pressure to Bell wool, and -quotations are
unchanged.
The sales this week in Boston amounted to
4.175.800 pounds domestic and 550.000 poundB for
eign, making a total of 4.725.800. against a
total of 3.452.000 for the previous week and a
total of 13,915,000 for the corresponding week
last vear.
BOSTON. Nov. 29.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say of tha wool trade to
morrow :
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 28.— Special cable and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes in available • supplies
since last report: Wheat. United States and
Canada, east of the Rockies, decreased' 712,000
bushels; afloat for and in Europe,. Increase,
40rt.0O0; total supply decrease. • '312.000. Corn,
United States and Canada, east of the Rockies,
decrease. 1,220,000. Oats. United State? and
Canada, east of the Ilockles, decrease, 1,8.9,000.
The combined stock of wheat at Portland, Or.,
and Taooma and Seattle, Wash.. Increased 4aS,
000 bushels last week.
Available Grain Supply.
If LIVERPOOL.
¦Wheat— Dec. Feb. Mar.
Opening 5 10% •••• B u^«
Closing 510% .... 6 >/»
Wheat— .' Nov. 'Mar. -June.
Opening 19 95 2140
Closing 19 S3 2130
Flour—
Opening #..25*5 27 4a
Closing 25 75 27 35
M Sterling O and D Co.... w ......... 1 SS
10O Yukon ~..~~....,.~mm^ 17
Street—
1000 Petroleum Center /..¦..'¦...... 1»
*X>Kex to .^
CLOSING Qi;OTATION8— 3:20 9. M.
MTNINO STOCKS.
Following wer» the sales la the Saa Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
. Morning- Session.
COO Andes 05 200 Gould & Cnrry.l no
600 Belcher 17 600 Overman .... <?<
800 Best ft Belcher IS 400 Potost 17
10O Caledonia 43 100O Savage 14
200 Challenge 22 400 Silver Hill 43
1800 Chollar 08 50 Standard .. s 2>>
200 Con C and Va..l 35 100 Union Con 13
300 Crown Point .. 13| 2C0 Yellow Jacket. 20
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 17i 100 Ophlr :j
ICO Caledonia 45 100 Savaj?* 13
100 Challenge 211 400 Sierra 2T»v»da. 31
1100 Chollar 081 1000 Silver Hill .... 45
200 Crown Point .. 12] 100 Syndicate 12
700 Mexican 22| 200 Yellow Jacket.. 20
Following w«r* the sales la th» Pac&o Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Con C ft Va....l 35
800 Crown Point. 12H
800 Crown Point .. 15
Afternoon
ZOO Caledonia 43!
400 Gould ft Curry.l 00;
300 Gould ft Curry. 85!
200 Ophlr »
1100 8eg. Belcher.... M
500 Yellow Jacket. K~*t
Session. /
200 Savag* ......... 14
. 130 Syndicate .^^.. 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Nor. 23—4 p. m
BId.Ask.
Alpha 02 04|.
Alta 01 02
Andes 05 C*
Belcher IS 17
Best & Belcher 17 13 1
Bullion 03 04
Caledonia 44 46 ¦
Chollar 07 08
Challenge Con. 20 22 :
Confidence — 57 i
Con Cal & Va.l 35 1 40 i
Con Imperial .. — 01 !
Con New York. — 01 i
Eureka Con — S3!
Crown Point ... 12 13! 1
Exchequer — 021:
Gould & Curry 85 »oji
Hale A Nor.... 20 23'
Julia 01 031
Bid. Ask.
Justice 04 o«
Kentuck 02 03
Lady Wash — 03
Mexican tS 23
Occidental 05 C5
Ophlr 77 79
Overman C6 07
Potoel 17 is
Savage 13 u
Sccrpton — 04
Seg Belcher ... 03 et
Sierra Nevada. 33 31
Silver Hill 44 45
St Louts — in
Union Con ..... 13 14
Standard — 3 "1
Syndicate — Q
Utah 08 08
Yellow Jacket. 20 II
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
market was dull; creamery. 15®23c; dairies, 13
@20c. Cheese, steady; lOH®UHc. E«gs, steady;
fresh, 22c
WOOL— Spring Clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15fil6c ; Northern, defective. 12
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c: medium. 9c; . light. 8>4ig9c; : Cow
hides, 8%@9c; Stags. 6>4c:; Salted Kip. 9Hc;
Salted Veal. »Hc: Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides.
16c; culls, 14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 16@l7c;
culls and brands, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
20@30c each; short Wool. 30®50c each; medium,
60@85c : long ' Wool, 75c<8'$l each : • Horse ¦ Hides,
salt.' $2 R0- for large and $2 for medium, $150
for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large. $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small
and 25@50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 33c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins, 17>4@20c. Goatskins — Prime An
goras. 75c: large and smooth. 50c: medium. 35c
TALLOW- No." 1 rendered. 4*J4V6c per lb; No
2,"' SHc; grease, : 2#2Hc. ¦=--:/;
COTTOLENE— One-half barrels, 8&C: three
half-barrels. 8V4c; one tierce. SHc; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%c cer lb.
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Ho per lb for
heavy, HV4@12c for light medium, 12Vtc for
light, 13ttc for extra light and 15@15%c for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, HHc:
MessBeef. $12 50 per barrel; extra Mesa, $13:
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $16; extra
clear, $19 50; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%e per lb for com
pound and • 9!4c for pure; half-barrels, pure
9V4c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins, lOHc.
AH descriptions are as before quoted, with a
fair demand. >-"-
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. ISHSW^c for bright and 12H
@13c for light amber; water white-, extracted.
7»i®8c; light amber, extracted, <H87c; dark,
6<H«Hc per lb. •
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6@7c per lb for California
and 9«?10c for Italian; Walnuts, No. 1 soft
shell, lie: No. 2, Sc: No. 1 hardshell, 10c; No. 3,
7V4c; Almonds. 12$?13c for papershell, 9@llo for
roftshell; Peanuts, 5®6c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts. ISc: Filberts, 13c; Pecans, Il@l3c; Cocoa
nuts, $3 6005.
FRUITS— Prunes. 8anta Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
40-50s, 7c; 60-60s, 6»4c; 6O-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs, Stfc;
8O-9Os, 2^0; 90-lOOs, 2^4o; 100s and over. 2c: ru
bles, ?4c premium; Sonomas. He and San Joa
qulns, He less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6.31
Sc for Royals and 10@10^c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5®6c: sun-dried. 3%@4fcc;
Peaches, 4®5c for standard, 5©6c for choice
and 6V.ffl7c for fancy: Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted "6®6V4c; unpltted, l@lHc; Nectarines, 5@
5&c for red and 5H@6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb: choice. He; standard, 8%c; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 104c per lb; choice. 9Hc; standard. 8fcc;
prime 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6%c : , 3-crown ' loese Muscatels, 6c;
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers, 2
crown, $1 60 per box; 3-crown, . $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial,. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California. . •
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— SCMg'SOc per box for common and
65ct?$l for good to choice; Spttzenbergs, 75c@
$1 25; Oregon Spltzenbergs, $l<gl 25.
PEARS— 75cfi$l 60 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50@75c per box.
BLACKBERRIES— $S@10 per chest.
CRANBERRIES — Jerseys, $10@10 60; Cape
Ccd, $11 50<gl2 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 5O©2 75
per box. •
STRAWBERRIES— Largo Berries, $3®5 per
chest; small berries, $9@12.
RASPBERRIES— $5Q9 per chest.
GRAPES— $1 50 per large box and 75c@$l 60
per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50@2 75;
Stealings, $1@1 75; Tangerines, $1 25<ffl 50;
Lemons. 25c@$l 23 for common and $1 50®2 75
for good to choice; Grape Frutt, $1 50®2 50;
Mexican Limes. $4@4 50; California Limes, 25@
85c: Bananas, $1 75® 2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$2<&3 GO per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
¦ Berries for the , Thanksgiving trade brought
good prices.
Grapes have a wide range, according to con
dition. " *
Pears are firm and Apples weak. Oranges,
Lemons and Limes stand about the same.
There were heavy arrivals of Bananas, In
cluding 7 cars from New Orleans, 5000 bunches
from Honolulu and a quantity from Tahiti.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— New, llH®12c; Old. KVJfllc: Young
America, 12'§'12%c; Eastern. 13V4@14c; Western,
11® 13c per lb. ¦ .
EGGS— Store. 27^@32',4c; Ranch. 35(g36c for
fair and 37V£©40c per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern, 22%S30c.
Butter and Eggs are both well cleaned up
and firm. Some dealers reported sales of ranch
Eggs over the quotations, though the majority
made no change. Cheese remained as before,
with moderate stocks.
The new Dairy Exchange will bo in operation
In a few days, when Butter, Cheese and Eggs
will be sold under a different grading and at
more uniform quotations than have prevailed in
the past few years, which will be a good thing
for EMjth producer and dealer. The grades will
be patterned after those In vogue In the East.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 24fi25c: seconds,
23(5 23^c.
Dairy — Fancy. 21@22c; good to choice. 19020c ;
common. . 17V*®lS^4c.
Creamery tub— 20@22Hc per lb.
Pickled roll-19t21c.
Firkin— lS@13c.
Storage goods — 21fS^22c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of dressed Turkeys were altogether
to;> large for . the demand, which was light,
and while the early morning market was fairly
steady at 14*j>17c, the feeling became weak dur
ing the forenoon and in the afternoon the mar
ket had got down to 12',4<©-16c, with plenty of
slock standing Rround and few buyers. Nobody
seemed to know just how many came In, and
reports ranged all the way from 55 to 75 tons,
exclusive of 2 cars from the East. The East
ern Turkeys eold down to 13c. There was stock
left on hand at the close.
Live Turkeys sympathized with the depres
sion in dressed, and were lower.
Other Poultry was neglected, as usual the day
before Thanksgiving, though there was no par
ticular decline.
Game was In moderate demand, but the mar
ket was rather weak than otherwise, as will
be seen by the quotations.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and lS@14c for Hens : Dressed Turkeys. 1314
@17c; Geese, per pair. $1 75@2; Goslings. $175*32;
Ducks, $3©4 -for old and $4g5 50 ror young:
Hens, $3 50#5; Young Roosters, $4@4 50; Old
Roosters, $4®4 60; Fryers. $404 50: Broilers,
$3 50@4 for large and $J©3 CO for small; Pigeons,
$1 per dozen for old and $1 EO®1 73 for Squabs.
GAME- Quail. $1 25!gl SO for Valley and $2 23
for Mountain; Mallard, $2 59^4 50: Canvaaback,
$3@6; Sprig. $2 50^3 50; Teal. $2£2 60; Widgeon,
$1 25@1 75: Small Duck. $1551 25; Gray Geese,
$3Q3 50; White Geese, *1<S1 25; Brant, $1 50«l 75
for small and $2 for large; Honkers, $4@5: Eng
lish Snipe. $1 75: Jack Snipe. $1 25; Hare. $10)
1 25; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail and $1 25
for Brush; Doves, 60c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Rhubarb from San Leandro brought «S8o per
pound.
Vegetables In good condition bring high prices,
but most of the stock from Los Angeles U
con-.lng in overheated and steaming. There Is
nothing new in Onions. Potatoes ore oom«
what weaker.
POTATOES— River Reds, 70@7Sc; Burbanka,
35@50c for River and 90c<g$l 15 per ctl for Sa
linas and 65c<3$l for Oregon; Sweets, 60® 65c
for River and 85@90c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 35©1 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2©7c per lb;
String Beans, 4@8c; Ltmas, 4S5c per lb; Cab
bage, 90c; Tomatoes, 25c@$l 60; Egg Plant, 60
8c ier lb; Green Peppers, 35@'60c per box; Dried
Peppers, 9©llc; Carrots. 23®35c per -box; Cu
cumbers, £0<§75c; Summer Squash. 75c®$l 25:
Garlic, 4®5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $10®
12 per ton; Mushrooms, lOQloc per lb.
BEANS— Bayos, - $2 65@2 75; Small White. $«£
4 20: Large White, $3^3 25; Pink, $2®2 20; Red.
S3IS/3 25; Blackeye. $3@3 25; Limas. $5 25; Pea,
$!Q4 25: Red Kidney, $3 75® 4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 25@2 40; Canary,
Zhic per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7H©9^c; Rape, 2^@3c: Hemp, 4@4&c;
Timothy, 4@4ftc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2@2 50; Green. $2 25©
2 75 per ctl; Blackeye, $2@2 50.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans continue firm, and even Bayos, which
have been weak for some days, are doing better
again. Otherwise there Is no chance.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS— $16 60@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15 50016 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, S25@36: Job
bing $26 50; Cocoanut Cake. J17018: Corn Meal,
$26«S27; Cracked Corn. $26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed,
116© 16 50.
HAY — Volunteer, $3@8; Wheat, $U@13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $1O@12 50; Oat, $9@ll 50;
Clover. f3@7; Alfalfa. $S@10; .Barley. $7®9
per ton.
STRAW— 35@45c per bale.
BRAN— $14#15 50 per ton,
Prices for everything remain as before. The
feeling In Hay is firm. . : . "^.' .'
Hay and Feedstuff s.
lny,- $3 50W3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $1^4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6®
7 25; In sacks. *5 75@7: Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas. *5; Green Peas, S5 50 per 100 lbs.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2,352 "Wool, bales
Potatoes, aka ... " 140
FOR WEDNESDAT, NOV. 28.
Flour. <jr sks.... 11.980 Wool, bales 4
Barley, ctls 3.570 Lime, bbls SS*
PeltP. bdls 3.878 Eggs, do* 8.880
Hides, No. ..:... 444 Hops, bales 82
Cheese, ctls 163 Straw, tons 19
Butter, ctls 155 Hay, tons 430
Raisins, bxs 4.900 Onions, sks 220
Brandy, gals 6.600 Middlings, ska .. 495
Wine, gals 723.400 Bran, sks 570
Sugar, ctls 1.850 Beans, sks 1.400
Leather, rolls ... 173 Corn, East., ctla J.5C0
Quicksilver, risks 14 Potatoes, sks .. 4,575
Receipts of Produce.
COAL— Wellington. $» per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. 17: Coos
Bay, $3 60; Walls-end. *9; Co-operative WaJls
end, $9; $12 In balk and $13 IS
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthradto Egg, $14:
Cannel, $12 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk
and $18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
M 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton. according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.lSc: Powdered, 5.75c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c: Dry Granulated. 5.85o; Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Magnolia A, 5.15c: Extra C.
5.15c; Golden C. 6.06c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 60c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Dotnlaos. half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes, 6.65c per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, fS M; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July, 6?4c: Wool Bags.
28V4©32Hc: Fleece ' Twine, 7*ic; Krult Bass.
6 l /6@6?ic for white and 8V4<g8%c for bleached
jute.
POHK— Live Hogs. 5«4c for small and Sftc tor
medium and 5'if ">%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5@5%c: dressed Hogs. 7K©8Hc.
LAMB— 8@9c per lb.
Beef, Mutton and Veal ar« firm at the ad
vance already noted, with light arrivals. There.
Is nothing new In Hces. -
BEEF— 7©Sc for Steers and *®6tfc per lb for
Cows. . .
VEAL— Large. 8@8%c: small. 9c p«r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. S®8Hc; Ewes. 7H®*c per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
@14c; Middle County, free. 14©18c; Middle
County, defective, 12.@14c: Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 9@l0c: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendodno,
16017c; Nevada. 23© 16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaqutn. 6Vj©Sc; do lambs', 8
®9c; Middle County, 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10® lie: Southern Mountain. 7%©8Vic;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 12@13c per lb.
HOPS— UH@15o per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29,-1900.
Foreign Futures.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
York.
8
STOCK.
Bid.
I Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co.
rallfornia Standard „.'
-arlbou uiimmimmi
El Dorado
Pour nViiiiVilrn
Sanford
Kanford. Fresno. Kern River..
.adependenco ...„„..
lAon CHI Co .'.
vionarch of Arizona
National
Dccldental (of Wett Virginia).
Dtl City Petroleum
Petroleum Center ......».......;
Fleed Cryde
Sex
San Joaquln 0. A D. Co...«...
Shamrock
Sterltae O. & D. Co J
fakon
U
t sx
ss
IS
SIS
«
120 00
23
22
31
21
25
41
«
25 00
21
49
75
9 23
1 OS
2 45
55
a
so
TO
SS CO
23
60
S3
!S*
Mi' 4
STOCK.
Bid.
I Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co.
rallfornia Standard „.'
-arlbou uiimmimmi
El Dorado
Pour nViiiiVilrn
Sanford
Kanford. Fresno. Kern River..
.adependenco ...„„..
lAon CHI Co .'.
vionarch of Arizona
National
Dccldental (of Wett Virginia).
Dtl City Petroleum
Petroleum Center ......».......;
Fleed Cryde
Sex
San Joaquln 0. A D. Co...«...
Shamrock
Sterltae O. & D. Co J
fakon
U
t sx
ss
IS
SIS
«
120 00
23
22
31
21
25
41
«
25 00
21
49
75
9 23
1 OS
2 45
55
a
so
TO
SS CO
23
60
S3
!S*
Mi' 4
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• . Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
Rafca,,- For Alaskan Port.*- 11 a. m..
«S|gr!jj6^_ P»o. 2.— Change tn company'i
! |W\5^H Jt*amfra at P-attl».
5rv^ ?]H1 Fi>r Victoria, Vancouver < !V
R2'J^4«^^i C), Port Townsend. Sea*t!t»,
fgririTf^gil rari->ma. F.vprett. Anacort"-.
QT ~~^%££kjgc nnil New Whatcom (Wash >—
11 a. Tn.. I>ec. 2 and <»very
Bfth day thereafter. Chanse
at Seattle for this company's steamers fcr
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacnm*
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Eay— 2 p. m.. Nov.
29. Dec. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Ban Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lcs Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9am-
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pelrc*
East San Pedro (Lns Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer
Bonlta, Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. ?an Jose r!H
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each mon-h
Fcr further information obtain company' 9
folders.
The company reserves the right to chars* 1
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sai;--^B
¦without rrevious notice. " "*.* 1
TICKET OFKICE-4 New Montgonv-y
street (Palace Hotel). ' y
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO. Gen Agpnfs
10 M-irket St.. San Francisco.
~ THE 0. R. & B, GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m
FARF £1 2 / Ir5t 5'2f s ladudlnr Berth
rMflL $3 Second Class and MeaU.
GEO. W. ELDER sails x-.">v ~»
COLL"MRTA sails "*D»c" ~i
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane" r.uttc
Helena and all points in the Northwest'
Through ticket to all points East
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
«3O Market gt.
TOYO KISEN KAIShT
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First ond Rrannan str*»ts at In m
f;r TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG ralVnir at
Kobe (Hiogo). Xacasakl and Shanghai nil
connecting at Hongkong with steamers f.->r In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU ;
; Thursday, December * I!""*)
SS. AMERICA MAR!' :....,....._...
Saturday. December 20. l?fO
Via Honolulu.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 14 pft
Round-trip tickets nt reduced rate*. F'-ir
fright and passage apply at company's office.
4?l Tllarket street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. Generat A*»pt.
AMERICAN LINE.
HBW TOaX. S0UTHAMPT0S. LOJIDOJI. PARia ; v*
Stopping nt Cherbourg, westbnunrt. W
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Dec. 5 St. Louis Dec ?1
New York Dec. t? New Torl;.......Jan *•»
Southwark Deo. 13 . ~
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. i; noon.
Noordland Dec. 5[ Wpst»rnland ...Deo <m
J'riesland Dec. 12| Kensington ... Jar" ¦¦ 1
Southwark Dee. 10! .'
For freleht and passasrc apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
30 Montgomery st. Or any of Its as^nrs.
DJRECILISEloTAinTJ
S3. ZEAL.VNDIA (Honolulu cnly). " ' -i
SS. AUSTRXLiA."^rT\ r hi^!^.!'.!-= P m -
Tuesday. December 4. 4 pm.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. December 12. 0' p. m.
J. D. SFBECIEIS& BROS. CO., «5ts.,rcia{ 8giE3, 643 KartEiS!
Frsfght SSics, 327 Market St., P:ar Ba. 7. Padfcit
COMPABHIB GBITSRAL'3 TaANSATLAJJTIQCS
DIRECT LTNE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
.Sailing every Thursday. Instead of 4£?jiift*
Saturday, from November 2. \Sj9. at *'" > -'^ r . —
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foct <\1
Morton street. First-class to Havre. •$"•;» and
upward. Second-class to Havre, 1-42 50 and ur>-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOP. I'MTEP
STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway illudann
fcuil<ilng>. New York. J. F. FUGAZ1 & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery avenua,
San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEE STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEJD. L
Steamer "Montlcello." '^
MON.. Tue?.. Wed.. Thura. and Sat. at 9:K
a. m.. 3:15. R":30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night>: Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sun.l»\s.. 10:30 «u tn. : !
p. m. Landing and office. MlsEfon-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1308.
FARE ., 50cMies Allen is the daughter of B. K.
Allen, a well-known contractor and build
er. She has a large circle of friends en
both sides of the bay and is prominent
as a member of the choir of tho Flint
Congregational Church. She is also a
member of the Hughes Club.
Mr. Colquhoun is a son of J. A. Colqu
houn, who has bc-en associated with Tl-e
Call and Bulletin for many years until
appointed to a position in the Oakland
postofflce. The young man is connected
with the California Raisin Growers' As
sociation at Fresno.
CHARMING MEMBER OF THE FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH
CHOIR. WHOSE MARRIAGE TO A YOUNG FRESNO BUSINESS MAN
WILL. BE CELEBRATED IN* OAKLAND TO-DAY.
CABS IN COLLISION
ON EIGHTEENTH STREET
An accident, remarkable for the fact
that no one was injured, occurred yester
day morning shortly before 10 o'clock at
Eighteenth and Tennessee streets. Car
92$ of the Eighth and Eighteenth streets
line crashed into a train of small ore cars
used in tilling the dumps from the Hearst
quarry. Two of the ore cars were
smashed, even the Iron wheels losing
their usefulness as a result of the colli
sion.
The forward trucks on the electric car,
several of the stanchions and the front
and rear steps were either broken or
badly twisted. The car was lifted bodily
from the track and seemed to be left
"sitting on its haunches." the forward
end reared into the air. Traffic was de
layed for some time.
Two passengers— men—were on the rear
Beat of the car. They were uninjured and
catching a Kentucky-street car contin
ued on their Journey. Motorman William
Tanner and Conductor Hallen ascribe the
accident to wet rails. The brakes re
fused to work on the grade and the colli
sion was the result. Their statement Is
corroborated by several witnesses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WICHITA. Kans., Nov. 2S.— A jury wa'
Becured to-night at Eldorado to listen to
evidence In the case of Jessie Morrison,
charged with the murder of Mrs. Castle,
and the court then adjourned until Fri
day morning, when testimony will be
heard.
It* is learned that Jessie Morrison will
take the witness stand and testify in her
own behalf. She will tell that OHn Castle
gained her confidence, betrayed it, and
then his wife taunted her about it, which
caused her to murder the bride.
All the Jurors are married men over 30
years of age and all live outside of Eldo
rado, where the crime was committed. One
of them was a close personal friend of
Judge Morrison, father of the woman on
trial, and has known the Morrison family
for fifteen years. He was objected to by
the State's attorney, but the challenge
was overruled by Judge Shinn.
The effort to secure a Jury to try the
case has extended over a period of seven
days, during which time over 400 venire
men have been examined.
Defense of Jes3ie Morri
son, Charged With
Murder.
SAYS HER RIVAL
TAUNTED HER
Oakland Office San Francisco Can,
111S Broadway. Nov. 2S.
Masked footpads attacked Mrs. W. B.
Curtis shortly after midnight tola morn
ing near her residense. 1257 Twenty-sev
enth avenue, to wtich she was returning
from a downtown function. One of the
highwaymen grabbed the victim, clap
ping a hand over her mouth, while his
companion seized a chatelaine bag she
carried. Then, warning Mrs. Curtis not
to scream, the pair of robbers fled, being
quickly lost in the dark shadows of the
tree-lined thoroughfare. The bag con
tained $3.
Mrs. Curtis had alighted from a Hay
wards electric car at Twenty-seventh av
enue and East Fourteenth street and was
walking briskly home when she was at*
tacked. The street was darkened by tree
shadows and she saw nothing to alarm
her. Within a few yards of her residence,
she was suddenly seized. The strong arm
of one robber was around her throat and
before she had a chance to give an out
cry she was gagged. During the Involun
tary struggle she made to free herself the
highwayman's hand struck her nose, leav
ing a long, deep scratch as a token of the
attack. As soon as she was released Mrs.
Curtis rushed Into the house and gave
way temporarily from nervousness.
When the police were notified to-day
they investigated but could find no trace
of the footpads. Mrs. Curtis being unable
to furnish aoiy description of the men. As
the robbery occurred beyond the city lim
its, Sheriff Rogers was given charge of
the case.
Mrs. Silas Fritzinger, residing at 158
Hanover street, was held up at dusk Mon
day evening ax Wayne and Lakeshor» av
enues. Three young men grabbed a purse
containing $3 from her hand, after one of
them had seized her arms. After she was
released Mrs. Pritzlnger hastened borne.
Her husband went in pursuit of the foot
pads, but found no clew. ,
Footpad Gang Begins Win
ter Work AmongFemale
Pedestrians.
SELECTS WOMEN
AS THE VICTIMS
property from taxation. Confidants of the
Archbishop assert that his Grace was so
pleased with "the results of Father Mc-
Quaide's work that he decided upon this
method of rewarding him for his zeal,
proposed amendment exempting church
FATHER ilcQITAIDE. WHO HAS
BEEN APPOINTED PASTOR
OF THE NEW PARISH.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
HONORS YOUNG PRIEST
Rev. Father Joseph P. McQuaide Is Made Pastor
of a Newly Created Paris!}.
ANEW parish, which covers the
Eureka Valley, in the suburbs of
this city, has been established by
his Grace Archbishop Riordan,
and the many friends of the Rev.
Father Joseph P. McQualde will be de
lighted to hear that to the earnest and
popular young priest has been assigned
the responsible duty of pastor.
Next Sunday morning the first mass in
the new parish will be celebrated by
Father McQualde in a hall at Eighteenth
and Castro streets. After the pastor has
become thoroughly acquainted with his
flock and their needs he will Immediately
take steps to erect a sacred edifice that
will be an ornament to the district and a
standing monument of devotion by the
faithful in that part of the city.
Father McQuaide is one of the most
popular priests in this city. He was born
In San Francisco and was educated at St.
Mary's College where he was the captain
of the baseball nine for several seasons.
When ho decided to enter the church he
was sent to the Catholic seminary in
Washington, D. C. On completing his the
ological course he returned to this city
and was for several years an able assist
ant to the Rev. Father , McGtnty at Holy
Cross Church. When the war with Spain
broke out Father McQualde decided that
his duty called him to Manila to admin
ister to the spiritual needs of the Catholic
American soldiers. He went down to the
Philippines as a missionary and received
no pay for his services. At the close of
the war he Journeyed to Europe via the
Suez canal. Ha visited the Holy Father
at Rome and was graciously given an
audience. He also visited England and
Ireland. He returned to this city last
May and has Bince that time been at
tached to the cathedral as a regular
recent election Father McQualde
took a most active part in advocating the
Licenses to Many.
OAKLAND, Nov. 28.— Licenses to marry
were Issued, to Eugene Day, 29,Vrfhd Cath
erine Gertrude Carroll, 23. Livermore;
William M. Stover, 39, and Carrie J. Chris
tensen; M. Oakland; Scott Goldeby Cloud,
24, and Ella Mae Miller, 21, Oakland; John
McMaster Colquhoun, 31, Fresno, and Liz
zie Belle Allen, 26, Oakland ; > Earl Georgo
Kemmler, 26. Columbus, J Ohio, and Mary
Agnes Walsh, 18, Oakland : Antone Rose
Pasqual, 23, and Clara Serpa, \ 24, . Hay
ward; Samuel James Stewart, 80, Tomalea,
and Margaret ¦ Caroline Nissen, 24, ¦ Liver
tr.ore;'Bruce Brown, 62. and Jennie Ford.
82,v Oakland ; ; George William Calvert, j 23.
Sacramento, and ; Hattie May . Brown, ' 19,
Oakland; William Tilden Brissel, 60,- Sac
ramento, and -¦ Mina - Belle Marshall, -. 36.
Oakland. . ¦ ¦¦¦-
Supreme Court Denies a New Trial to
the Man Who Shot Joseph
Rodgers.
EMERSON MAY HAVE TO
SUFFER POR. HIS CRIME
Oliver Emerson's hope of securing a new
trial was blasted yesterday when the Su
preme Court affirmed the Judgment of the
lower court declaring him guilty, of mur
der in the first degree. Emerson was tried
lnjiTuolumne County for the murder of.
Joseph Rodger3. The ttfal was bitterly
contested, and at the close of the evidence
the Jury round him guilty of murder. ; He
now stands in the shadow of the gallows.
! The; convicted man was the owner of a
ranch < which he had \ leased to Rodgers,
reserving* the -right^ to occupy for living
purposes • a "¦ certain I portion : of the prem
ises. -Very soon after occupancy Emerson
andiRodgers- quarreled; and . the feeling
between the two men became very bitter.
On April 11 of last year Emerson met Mrs.
Rodgers at the well and heaped abuse
upon her.- His insulting remarks were
overheard by the husband,' who advanced
on Emerson with the intention of making
him; retract his charges. ., Emerson delib
erately pulled a ' pistol and shot Rodgers
in the thigh, and as the unarmed man waa
trying to escape the murderer fired a sec
ond time, the bullet £ piercing Rodgers'
brnln.
Emerson was convicted on the evidence
of - ;Mrs. - Rodcrers;: corroborated by - her
daughters. The affirming opinion was
written by, Chief Justice .Beatty and con
curred In > by the entire court. < -•¦..
CASE AGAINST STTJAUT
HAROLD IS DISMISSED
Court Holds Evidence to Be Insuffi
cient—Other Hatters Before the .
Polios Tribunal.
Judge Fritz decided yesterday that
there was not sufficient evidence to bus
taln the charge of assault to murder
against Stuart Harold, alias Upshur, son
in-law of "Lucky" Baldwin, and dismissed
the case. Harold was accused of shooting
Special Officer Brown P. Haugcn In Fisch
er's concert hall October 9 because he and
his wife and friends had been ordered out
of the pla^e.' Haug-en swore to-the-com
plaint, but subsequently disappeared.
Edward A. Gleason, druggist, Clay and
Kearny streets, was tried by a Jury • In
Judge Cabanlss* court yesterday on the
charge of selling opium without a'physi
cian's prescription. .The opium -was pur
chaised by /Policeman P. J. Mitchell,; who
was in citizen's clothes, and Gleason's de
fense was that he thought Mitchell was a
prisoner, as he. saw Policeman Alexander,
in uniform standing- outside. ...-The ; Jury
believed him and brought In a verdict of
not guilty.^UglHili'lBWl "P^^WWBflBBBWI
Joseph Peckerman and Abe Krauee, who
were arrested at Zlck Abrams' poolrooms
Tuesday on a charge Of vagrancy, ¦ ap
peared before Judge . Mogan yesterday.
They, .were represented. . by .?_ Attorney
George D. Collins,. who waived a Jury, and
the caseswere set for trial Saturday. •
Mrs. Susan Costello,' 1033 Shotwell street,
secured a warrant ; from Judge j Fritz yes
terday for -the - arrest of • Mrs. Ward; a
neighbor, on the charge of battery." She
said the children I were : quarreling on the
street, and when she went out to separate
them Mrs. .Ward attacked her. blackening
her eyes and pulling out her, hair./
BETTJBNED KLONDIKEB
THEOW1T' INTO PRISON
F. J. Drake Arrested on a Charge of
Obtaining Money by False
Pretenses.
F. J. Drake, who recently returned from
DawBon City and who has been at the
Golden West Hotel for the last two
months, was arrested yesterday by De
tective Byram and Policeman Walsh on a
warrant charging him with forgery. The
charge was subsequently changed to ob
taining money by false pretenses.
Drake had been spendinff money freely
In the tenderloin, and to satisfy a claim
of Fred Plaxemann, one of the pro
prietors of. the hotel, from whom he had
borrowed money, he wrote a check, for
$150 on the Bank of California, although
he had no account there.
G. W. Price, manager of the Krog-h
Manufacturing Company, gives the fol
lowing story of Dr?Jte')« dealings with his
house and other firms ?n this city.
"Drake was a Falenman for us from
October. 1S99. to April. 1&00. During that
time he shipped to himself to Dawson City
$1200 worth of Band pumps and amalga
mators, collecting proceeds on the ship
ments to the amount of $1200. His meth
ods were bo clever that up to the day of
his departure he managed to hold hiin.M.lf
off from trouble by promising to recoup
the firm. The matter of his prosecution
Is now In the hands of our attorney. We
have succeeded in tracing some of the
machinery that Drake shipped away.
"By various representations he man
aged to get $350 wotth or goods from Hen
phaw, Bulkely & Co. He worked Reed &
Cleve. pattern makers, for $300 In caeh
and material. The Dunham, CarrlBan|&
Hayden Company are losers by $82 from
making: Drake's acquaintance and I have
learned of a large number of firms about
town who lost through listening to
Drake's oily stories.
"The hotel men who suffered : have lit
tle reason to complain. Our house noti
fied them of Drake's actions in order to
give them full warning of his methoda."
GRAXD
C O Bor.r.er, Fresno
E T Marwell, Fre*n<>
C It Broughton. S Bir
B D Farrows A w. Vie
1= J>vy. VleaJia
F T/cmd. Vlsalia
D O Overall. Vlealla
H P Bender «•», Uks3d
T" Carney, K^rwirk
R Hoyle. Ke*w1ck
F A I-vinFlrteB, Butte
O ¦;%• Fox. Or
%V SlcDertr.ott, Mir.t
<i S Bixmriee, N«,a
XV W Carpenter. Wla
A W Berrj-, Chlcag-o
S A GoldFtone, El R5o
O H Grau. Facto
J G Modesto
C A MrAlllrter. Modest
P Be brock. Ttfomi
T. Hah-ork, Taccma
Mrs II I" Um«. 6 Jo«»
JV.tr V Lo«:e. Stanford
r; Ix»Fe. S Jo*e
\V Ij<wi«e. F Jo««
M H Oone. I- Are
¦\V B BamhtKel. Stanfd
G XV Olftb* & w. Facto
JIrt T C Vail. Ireland
y James, L Ans
K M Armstrong. Cal
H G Mitchell. S Mateo
H H Hunter, 8 Jo*e
Miss Carwell, 6t*nrord
Misis Barnard. Stanford
Mln« Barnard. Stanford
Mies Park. Ftanford
Miss VinlQUtd. Stanfrd
MiM Baiiart). Flanford
H T Smith. P Lorenzo
A F Earton, 6 Jose
Mr*. Unse. S Jo** -
H S Babcock Jr.. StnM;
fi A J>±t:get. Stafford 1
Carri* Walker. Nome
C VV Noyet, Boston
Mrs Koycn, Boston
F A Hlhn. S Crux
<3 E OrvxJman Jr.Napa
O C fichulti. Napa.
Mrs F II Hopkins, Or
Mrs 3 II Woodward,
Portland
C E Thoma*. Berkeley
A W Kelly. Berkeley
A T EHlia, Tehama
MiM Ellie. Tehama
Mrs E C Dalton. Portd
V'T C R Hay. Nevada
Km Ray. Nevada
Mr* Ci S Henry. Sacto
W II Hanson. Redwood
Mm Hanson, Redwood
W F Johnson. Marytvl
n F Watnoo. Marynvll
J H Devereaux. Colo
C H Htll. Wlnoonsln
C H Ivyrnberry. N Y' •
H A Parker, Chicago
J R Phillip*, Btockton
A Ferguson. Stanford
Th* Mlasca Morrison.
¦ fan Jose
f Doitphy. MUIhrea. ¦
K A Palmer, Stanford
SF Bradley. Stanford
I Wh«*ler. Berkeley
Viz* Wheeler. Berkeley
C K Peer»all. Eureka
G B l>o\'edal. Racto
II S F*!nlay. Bacto *
R. FunaJd, Sacto
R D Fu**il|e. FtunfnrJ
F A Ford. Stanford
O M Ho»mui, B Joee
Vl»*> iiTwrnmn. B Joee
M Mederovlcii. Ariz '
-EMDEN, 111., Nov. 28.-Four masked
men wrecked the Farmers' Bank of Em
den early to-day. It is stated that they
secured all the funds of the bank, about
$3000 or $4000. When the robbers dis
charged their first blasts of dynamite In
an effort to open the vault, the explosion
aroused John Alberts, four blocks away.
Alberts hurried to the bank. •
One of the robbers was on guard In the
6treet. He /seised Alberts, who was bound
hand and foot and dragged into the bank,
where he witnessed the gang drilling- Into
the vault door, making ready for a second
blast. When the fuse was lighted the
robbers stepped outside and Alberts lay
in the corner When it went off." He was
not seriously Injured, however. -
. The second blast . unhinged the vault
doorB and the robbers made off with all
the cash. Securing a handcar they pulled
In the direction -of Delavan. There they
were met by Night Patrolman Sanf ord,
who attempted to arrest them. One of
the robbers fired and ; Sanford fell, mor
tally wounded through the body. Outside
the town the men boarded : a passenger
train on the Chicago and Alton. All
traces of them were lost. The engineer
of the passenger train claims that he saw
a man Jump from the first car at Mlnler
while the train was moving at a high
speed, but a search, of the locality failed
to show any traces of the man. •
The bank buildinar was almost a com
plete wreck and the vault was entirely
ruined. •" * ; '' : -¦
Daring Raid Is Made
in an Illinois
Town.
MASKED MEN
WRECK A BANK
HOTEL.
j A B^atson. Stanford
! J S King. Stanford
,A Perrtn, Stanford
;J E Palmer. Stanford
; R D Kmenoa, Stanford
i AMorrlBr^, Stanford.
I A Morrison. Stanford
A Fay. Stanford
¦ M Patervon. Stanford
I Mtude May. Stanford
Irene Sheafif. Stanford
'Addle Hamilton, Stnfrd
i A Oger. Stanford
IB A Srour, Portland
O C Secter. Portland
: R Rontt. Stanford
Mint Hardy, Stanford
Ml-s F Fii-her. Snford
i F Hej-wood, Stanford
H C Sealer. Stanford
: »V Cl Healer. Stanford
i K Jones. L An*
W L Barr. Stanford
i K B niumb, Stanford
jJ A Miller. Stanford
1 Ml** Rotwott, S Jose
| MlHB Kenney, 8 Jot^
i Mle* I>eni«-!s, B Jose
W F Jordan. Stanford
H E Barber &. w Stkn
H C Hubbard. Stnford
j MIf* Hayes. P Alto
! N Tucker. P Alto -
|B Tucker. P Alto
| Miss F Eayer. P Alto
;G Pacheco PaJo Alto
J F Pacheco. P Alto
iT Mann. L Ang
i G Gordon A w, Wacli
B I>us1n. Tacoma.
j M E Bailey. S Jose
A L Tlbbett*. Ptaluma.
iMIas Blrdsall, Stkn
lA Anderson, Bulsun
PALACE HOTEL.
C D Porter. Stanford
C Dush. Stanford
H L Lanjrnecker, Stnfd
Vl r Reid. Juan
Mrs W S Taylor. Lvmr
J H Ka*n. Stanford
H J Small. S&cto
MIfs B Small. Bacto
Barbara t*ma!l, fiacto
A Small. S&cto
Lucy Waters, Stanford
H L, Roberta, Stanford
H H Ywlnrton. 6tnf4
R E Johnson, San Joee
W O McDowell. Stnfd
L. K Plsson. Stanford
Mr* SlKBon. Stanford
W W ChapJn. Sacto
A M Smith. Stanford
R E 5-chulz. Stanford
J E Johnson. Stanford
OHO Po»rj-. I. Ang
O W Poaey.' L. Ang
0 Eberhard. S Clara.
J F Grac?, Santa Clara.
Mrs Grace. 8 Clara.
W B Buckminster.
Boston ¦
A W Caro*ron. NT
T B Drown. Phil
C Brown. Phil
T R Wiley. N T
G W Bush. Stanford
P McDowell. Stanford
C D CVane. Ottawa.
Dr J O Thomson, Oak
J Andrrnon, K«w Tork
R D Robblna Jr. N T
1 Frank, N Y
D R Pea&OT. 6>n Job*
Mrs TVTidor. S*n Joae
F G DaJcer. San Jot-e
ONE MORE JUROR WANTED
POR HOFF MT7RDEB TRIAL
Eleven Have Now Been Accepted and
the Case May Be Commenced
To-Morrow.
One more Juror was secured yesterday
In Judge Cook's court out of twenty-three
examined for the second trial of Albert
Hoff for the murder of Mrs. Mary A.
Clute. He was Charles Zinkand., Those
examined were: R. R. Ritchie, M. M.
Kahn, E. Strohmeier. W. B. Gudder, M.
R. Higgins. F. H. Pitman, C. J. Clements,
N. B. Greenf elder, W. O'Brien, R. B.
Hlne. Charles E. Gregory. E. Bohlen, A.
W. Dollard, F. O. Haussel. L. Hlrech, Ed
Levy* Charles Zinkand, M. P. Goldsmith,
Charles Goetz, W. W.-Hoag, 8. Feder, S.
Kahn and J. H. Tberien. Pitman was
peremtorily challenged by the defense,
this making nine peremptory challenges
altogether for the defense and five for the
prosecution. y -«
A warrant was Issued yesterday morn
ing for the arrest of B. P. Oliver, who
was summoned as a Juror Tuesday but
failed to appear. He came into court in
the afternoon and .explained that he had
been sick and promised to be on hand to
morrow morning. A venire of seventy
five was Issued returnable to-morrow
morning, when it is hoped the twelfth
juror will be secured and the case pro
ceeded with.
KICKED AND BEATEN
BECAUSE HE SNORED
Louis Rols, Proprietor of a Lodging-
House, Arrested for Bat
tery.
. Charles Bruner, a laborer, secured a
warrant from Judge Fritz yesterday for
the arrest of Louis Rols, proprietor o^the
Reno lodging-house on Sacramento street,
on the charge of battery. He had Just
left the Receiving Hospital and told a
curious story.
He said that on the night of November
18 he paid 15 cents for a room In the lodg
ing-house, and after he had been asleep
for a short time Rols entered his room
and told him he must not snore so loud,
as he was disturbing the other roomers.
He promised to be good, and turned on
his side to continue his disturbed slum
bers.
About 2 o'clock in the morning Rols
burst Into. his room and dragged him out
of bed, accusing him of snoring awfully.
Rols threw him around and kicked him
so hard I that he had to be taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where it was found
that two of his ribs were broken and he
had a number of contusions and abra
sions. He had to remain in the hospital
till yesterday morning, and he at once
swore " to . the warrant for • Rols' arrest.
Rols was arrested, but denied the charge.
PRETTY GIRL STENOGRAPHERS RELINQUISH LABORS IN FEDERAL.
BUILDING TO WITNESS A CHINESE WEDDING AND AT CLOSE OF
THE CEREMONY SHOWER RICE ON THE COUPLE.
Veterans Want Amendment.
At a meeting of Colonel Oscar F. Long
Garrifon No. 101 of the Army and Navy
1'nbon held on Tuesday a resolution was
TinanlmcuHy adopted asking that the act
r-£fcsed by the Legislature which .provides
for the burial of the v<>?rrans of the civil
war and the war with Mexico be amended
so that the veterans of the late wars may
alfo be benefited. A copy of the resolu
tion will he forwarded to the members of
the next Legislature.
As the result of negotiations that have
teen polng en for the last few days, Ed
O'-rrigan end Jo« Ullman have agreed
upon terms under which they will give up
all interest as owners in California race
tracks. This Information was given out
laet night by those having the deal in
l-and.
Some time ago th* Gan Francisco Jockey
Club. Prince Poniatowskl president,
bought the Tanforan racetrack, and the
Prince and hie associates acquired a ma
jority of the stock of the Ingleslde track.
This being accomplished. Henry J. Crock
er, Corripan and others were ousted and
the new crowd put in Us own board of
directors.
Corrigan and Ullman came out here and
expressed themselves as very much djs-
Ktisfied with the notion that had been
taken. Negotiations were opened with
them and the result announced has been
reached.
Corrigan end Ullman have agreed upon
the Fum they will take to withdraw from
the Pacific CoaFt as track owners, and
¦wiihin a few more days the deal will per
haps be finally consummated.
Corrigan and Ullman Agree
to Terms of Retire
ment.
TRACK DEAL
OF IMPORTANCE
IS ANNOUNCED
After Week in Prison Wil
liam Ketteler Dies at
Hospital.
How William J. R. Ketteler. a barkeep
er, who died in the City and County Hos
pitai on Tuesday afternoon, received the
injury that caused his death is a puzzle
to Coroner and police. He was taken to
the hospital a few days before ¦ suffering
apparently from a lacerated wound of the
scalp. He was brought there from Branch
County Jail No. 2, and as his Injury was
apparently of a trivial character and be
ing a prisoner he received but a small
measure of attention.
On his death his body was removed to
the Morgue and the autopsy showed that
a fracture of the skull was the cause of
death. How, when and where this frac
ture was received the authorities have not
been able to learn.
Ketteler was a man about 50 years of
age and was lately employed at the Belle
vue saloon. 118 Fourth street, corner of
Minna, on which latter street a few doors
from his place of employment he resided.
Occasionally Ketteler went on sprees.
On November 10, under the name of
William Cutler and giving hi.s address as
303 Minna street, he was brought to the
Receiving Hospital by friends and was
treated by L>r. Dorr tor alcoholism. He
was in a condition bordering on delirium
tremens, and was placed In a ward in the
insane department until he sobered up,
belr.g discharged on November 12.
On the morning of November 18 Police
man Pearl broueht Ketteler in from ilie
Hall of Justice, about 4:30 o'clock. A lac
erated wound of the scalp was treated by
Dr. Starr, who ordered Ketteler held for
observation. On the same morning he
was discharged, In a sober condition, ac
cording to the records of the hospital. At
the second visit to the hospital Ketteler
gave his address as 313 Minna street.
The next appearance of Ketteler was be
fore Judge Fritz, on November 20, when
ha was charged with being a common
drunk and was committed to the County
Jail for ninety days. From the time he
was discharged from the Receiving Hos
pital up to the time he was taken from
the branch Jail on Monday to the City and
County Hospital he apparently was not
suffering from any serious injury to his
skull. How he was Injured the police are
now endeavoring to find out. Coroner
Cole will also make a searching Inquiry
into the case and endeavor to recover cer
tain papers which Ketttler is said to have
left in the custody of the grocers at the
northeast corner of Fifth and Mission
streets.
Friends of the deceased allege that Ket
teler left two daughters in the East, but of
their exact location thf>y were not aware.
His papers, whether of value or not, are
zealously guarded by the grocery store
proprietors at Fifth and Mission streets,
and while admitting they were acquainted
with the deceased they are not inclined to
give out any information concerning him.
SEIT TO JAIL
THOUGH DEATH
IS UPON HIM
OAKLAND. Nov. 2S.-The wedding
of Miss Belle Allen and John M.
Colquhoun will take place at
noon to-morrow at the residence
of the bride's parents, "IS Twen
tieth street. Rev. Charles R. Brown of
the First Congregational Church will per
form the ceremony. Miss Kdith G. Colqu
hcjn, a sister of the groom, will b« th»
Vrid*5icald and Walter Allen, the bride's
brother, will be the best man. After the
ceremony a wedding breakfast will be
served.
gfigg NOVEL wedding ceremony was
JF\ ' performed yesterday afternoon, in
Efohl the Federal building. Gl Chung
|^*H Poo, an Intelligent looking China
\ man, a large employer of contract
labor and a photographer In this city, was
the ardent bridegroom, and pretty Chin
Shee, to whom th© former has been mar
ried by contract for over twenty years,
was the blushing bride.
The ceremony was performed in Judge
Heacock's chambers at the special request
of Chung Poo, who Is very up to date and
wanted the marriage to be perfect In ev
ery detail. He had a good run for his
money.
The bride arrived on the steamship
China recently and had a little difficulty
in establishing the fact that she was the
contract wife of Chung Poo. Yesterday
she was landed and from the dock she
was taken to Judge Heacock's courtroom,
where she again plighted her troth to ler
husband.
Chin Shee. the bride. Is but 22 years old.
When she was a child 2 years of age her
parents made her the contract bride, ac
cording to Chinese law and custom, of the
man to whom she was married yesterday
according to the ceremony which has de
veloped with European civilization. " Dur
ing those twenty years Poo has waited
patiently for the day when his baby wife
by contract should have attained an age
at which American law would sanction
their union. Other obstacles intervened
and caused delay. The lover found a way.
however, to overcome all difficulties, and
at last he had his reward by leading to
the altar the daintiest bride that China
town has seen for many a month.
The wedding ceremony was performed
by D. D. Jones, Chinese Interpreter In tha
United States District Attorney's office.
who, besides his other diplomas, possesses
a certificate as a regular licensed minis
ter of the Gospel.
John R. Aitken and Judge HeacocU
acted as "bridesmaids,'' ushers and last,
but not least, witnesses of the marriage.
Tho ceremony was witnessed by all the
female stenographers in the building. The
ladies were supplied with a liberal allow
ance of rire and at the close of the cere
mony, when the pretty almond-eyed
bride was led from the room bv Chuns;
Poo. the girls assembled outside and
threw rice on the happy couple ami
wished them all kind? of good luck. A
hack was in waiting '.utslde the building
and the happy couple immediately drovo
to Chinatown to receive the congratula
tions of their friends.
In the evening a grand weddlny feast
was served at the home of Chung Poo. A
liberal supply of punks was burning all
the afternoon outside the door to bring
luck and perspiring coolies were busy
packing 1 In the delicacies for the feast.
The menu included roast groftt and Buck
ling pi§r, biscuits that would sink the
Sierra and Chinese gin by the gallon.
.Menu at Wedding Feast In
elu.des Rcast Goat and
Suckling Pig.
Chinese Interpreter, clones
h the Officiating
Minister.
firoom Wanted the .Marriage
to Be Up to Date in
Every Detail.
POPULAR YOUNG CHOIR
SINGER TO WED TO-DAY
Miss Belle Allen and Jobn Colquboun Will Be
Married by the Rev. Cbarles R. BroWQ.
* - • - - ' 4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOYEMBER 29, 19OO.
Pretty Chin Sliee Comes Jill the Way From tl^e Flowep^
Kingdom to .Marry Si Chung Poo, Whose Contract
Wife She .Had Been fop Twenty Years.
JUDGE HEACOCK ACTS AS "BRIDESMAID"
AT NOVEL CHINESE WEDDING CEREMONY
9
EOTEL ARRIVALS.
Alta Parlor. Native Daughters of th*
Golden West, gav© a complimentary ball
in Native Sons' Hall Tuesday night. There
were about one hundred counles in the
grand march, which was led Dy M. An-
derson and Miss Mamie E. McCarthy.
The dancing was under tha direction of
Floors Director Miss Mary Noonan and
Assistant Director Miss Jennie Wilson.
Alta's Complimentary Ball.
• A - new island haa been ' formed out at
sea about ten miles from the mouth of the
Rhone. . • - , „ . . J
In ¦ Milwaukee ' recently ' during a rain-
storm several trees were set on fire by di-
verted . electric . currents. ;
;.'"'t. 4* '.''"-¦"' ¦' '¦'¦¦'."' ¦" ;1 . ''¦-','.'¦:'"'•'¦ ¦ "'¦'•'.¦ '¦ "'-.¦•':', -~'V : }¦:'¦'• X C'
When a woman's feelings are all worked
up s ho should order a fresh supply ¦
DECEMBER TVO, NINETEEN HUNDRED.
4 , t
HOW I BROUGHT THIRTEEN CANNIBALS
TO SAN FRANCISCO.
By Captain Edward Macco of the Mascotte.
HOW IT FEELS TO HAVE MONEY 'TO
BURN.
By Blanche Walker Boardmaa
NEXT
SUNDAY'S
CALL.
1 1 * 5 ?
CONDENSED FOODS NOW THE PROPER
THINf*
SOCIETY WOMEN AT THE DOLL SHOW.
THE SOCIAL SIDE OF NOME.
TO EUROPE UNDER THE OCEAN.
+— : -+
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL,THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOTEMBER 29, 19OO.
10
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st., room L
A— CARPENTERS, 8 cabinet makers, 2 hard
wood bench hands, 2 sash and door machine
hands, 1 sticker hand. . Mechanics' Registra- ;
tion Bureau. 410 Kearney St.. room 9; non-
union mechanics, please register; new Jobs
daily; no office fees. \ ' ' ¦
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment bureau; the only recognized
union of barbers. 115 Turk. • I. LESS. Bee. '.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 8 feet
1 inch in height; able to read, write and
sneak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
street, San Franciaco, Cal. ¦ ¦ '
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. ,H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
EXPERIENCED crockery and glassware stock
clerk. Apply Friday, 8:30 a. m., Superin-
dent'a Offlce, Emporium.
WANTED— Experienced solicitor for advance
work; expenses and salary. Address box
624, Call office. - ¦¦ "
AN Intelligent man with $250 can hear of a
sound investment with permanent employ-
ment Box 525, Call office^ ' ¦
WANTED — Young man to work in printing of-
flce. Give experience, references and wages
expected. Box 523. Call offlce. .
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push ; good ¦ opportunity to right man. F;
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
MAN wanted with $75; permanent place that
will pay $15 to $18 a week; no experience re-
qulred. Apply 1016 Market st., room 10.
•WANTED— A first-class bushel man; steady po-
, sttlon. RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— A machinist. Call at 614 Battery
..atreet. : , -
STRONG young man to learn baker's trade;
German preferred. . Apply 328 Broadway.
TOUNG man or kitchen hand. 818 O'FarrelL
WANTED— Boy about 16 years old for whole-
eale house. Address BUSH, box 478. Call.
WANTED— Barkeeper In win* house; one who
can speak German and has had some expert*
: ence In grocery business. 16 City Hall equare.
EXPERIENCED watch and Jewelry salesman;
good salary to right man. Box 617, Call.
WANTED— Intelligent boy to do collecting few
houra every day after school. Box 614. Call.
BARBER chairs; 8 hydraulic Kokens, almost
new; will sell separate; cheap. STOLTZ, 63«
Market st.
J-CHAIR barber shop for sale. Corner Golden
Gate ave. and Hyde St.; good location,
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 519 Sacra-
mento st., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen\comlng
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCRBERY. Prop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third.' st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to 12 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
PENSIONS— J; H. Shepard & Co.. old, reliable
firm, 804 Market, room 49, Phelan building ;
pension vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
GOOD barber: steady Job. 725 Fourth st. San
Rafael; telephone Red 15.
PAINTER, paperhanger, carpenter wanted to
exchange rent, house & rooms, $8. 1576 Kearny.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs, in Western Addition;
bargain. DECKELMAN BROa, 106 Ellis st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
prico. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
COATMAKERS and pantsmakers for country.
Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter St.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tui-
tion at S, F. Barber Sohool, 741A Howard at.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15o and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.; near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25o night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baspage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
V.Tlpneia, «t.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE and mare for sale cheap; /ood for
farm work, mare good for breeding, at SE.
corner Taylor and Bay sts. ; price $78.
HORSE clipplngby experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DAL2IEL, 605 Golden Gate ave.
$30— HANDSOME furnished cottage, 7 rooms;
ptable. 1845 Blake, cor. Grove, East Berkeley.
HORSE and wagon, together or separate; sult-
able for grocery. See owner. 1S6 Ninth st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PRINTED^LIST "Hauses^toletT'senX for cl£
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
$12—1515 LEAVENWORTH-4 rooma; large
yard.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— To rent, small house or cottage.
new, 6 or 7 rooms and bath; North Beach or
Ml.«8lon; rent not to exceed $25 inclusive. Box
519. Call office-. . ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable; teaches
hypnotlBm in five lessons for $5. 997 Market St.
INVALID CHAIKS AND TKIUYOLKS.
SOLD and rented; nianfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMKS Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST AKD : FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MARY FREEMAN; No. 204-1526. The
finder will please return to Dank. v ¦ r :
LOST— Gold buckle with " Masonic . emblem at-
tached; reward. 817^ Golden Gate ave.
MEDICAL. . !
DR. AND MRS. D A VIEsT 1228 Market— Ladles*
specialists; 32. years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at offlce; ladles treated ca*n return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can use It with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for, circular. ¦
DR. G. ,W. 0'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp. 5th; world- renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully: treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce, $5; any aliment; home for patients; con-
sult f ree. : 942 Post st.,v bet.. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. i corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ' ladles'; physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed: when
others fail consult, free,' MRS. ; DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007H Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' " practice In S. F.. a
r cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success;; see free.
i MRS. DR.'-. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
l ... clallst; bafe and sure cure. $5; best care; low.
! f ees; when' all others fall consult free. .
j MRS. DR. OWYER. ladles' specialist;-':' home
i for patients. Ml Eddy; st. ' .;
1 DR. POPPER' S treatment can be had for , the
j ¦¦«" cure In his offlce at ; $5. i 323 Kearny st. .
• DR. NG : TOY ' KEE cures -. disease by ' herbs ;
I • advice free." 704 Sacramento st.V near. Kearny.
I =
MISCELLANEOUS — FOH SALE.
BILLIARD tables, balls, oues and racks, com-
,-¦ plete; : dirt ; cheap. ' BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
16 O'Farrell st. V?< V ' •
I 6- HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine, 1
s $150 : can be seen running , at -. 623 Golden
'•-Gate ave-. -, ; ;;.-••. , -.-¦.¦ -..:.. .- ,:,.. ..- ", .-.-" -.."¦
FINE L. , C. Smith hammerless sun, 10 range,
I ,- cheap. H. J. CAMPBBU* gausoJJto, CU..,
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wishes a position
to assist .In light housework. 220 Sixth ave..
bet. California and Clement, Richmond Dist.
CHAMBERMAID for email hotel or lodging
house; country preferred. Address box 627,
Call offlce. ¦
COMPETENT woman would like a position to
do general housework in a family; city or
country. Apply 1357 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and house-
keeper, wishes to manage widower's home; no
trififrs. Address, by mall only. 2S91 Market.
WOMAN wlFhes to go out to cook dinner and
make herself useful. 291 13th St., cor. Mission.
WANTED by a young American lady a posi-
tion as housekeeper: reference given and re-
quired. Box 430. Call offlce.
2 SPANISH girls would like to get work out
in the country. Call or address 718 Green-
wich St., city.
LADY wishes a place as lady's nurse, working
housekeeper or take care of an Invalid: refer-
ence If required. MRS. DON A VAN. 2813
Twenty-third St., between Bryant and York.
COLORED lady wishes situation aa cook or
housekeeper; references. 235 Stevenson St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 2G0 rooms; 25c to $1 E0 night, $1 60 to W
•week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from f erry. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
mibscriptlons has been established at 1098
Valencia at.
KMPLOVIHB>T WASTED MALES. '
MARRIED man, good cook, would like man-
agement of mining boardine-house or coun-
try hotel; good references. Box 448, Call.
BUTCHER, young man. fair meat cutter,
wants work; wages no object; sober and reli-
able. Address box 453. Call offlce.
COOK wants work; a good, careful cook, or
would go as second cook; wages mo<ierate.
T. SMITH. 818 Minna st.
BY an Englishman, a position as Janitor or
housecleaner; 15 years' experience. 107 Berry
6t., near Third.
A YOUNG stationary engineer wishes employ-
ment: strictly temperate. J. W., 140 Seventh.
CARPENTER— Good, active; will work cheap;
has tools; all round man. Box r.25, Call.
WANTED — Young man understanding mercan-
tile reporting and soliciting wishes employ-
ment; has had 10 years' experience; can give
best of reference aa to ability and character.
Box 481. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a nrst-claes dairyman
on a private place as milker and to make
butter; can furnish references. Address box
B15. Call office. -
FIRST-CLASS grocery salesman and book-
keeper, with long business experience, desires
situation; best Eastern and dty references.
Box 610, Call offlce. •
WANTED— Position by reliable middle-aged
man !n country or city to take care of horses,
garden, etc. Address PATRICK PARKER-
YES. 749 Howard ft.-
2 MEN wish positions, one aa cook and the
other as an assistant, in boarding-bouse or
hotel in country or institution; references.
Box 446. Call office.
MILKERS, separators and Srst-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, E28 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— Position by good bedmakcr to take
full charge of lodging house from 6 a. m. to
6 p. m. Address box 492, Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, experienced, desires to write
' up books two or three days each week;
charges moderate. Box 618, Call office.
CARPENTER and cabinet-maker; single man;
looks for steady position; Pullman P. Car Co.
ref. Adr. H. G.. San Rafael. P. O. box 377.
DENTIST, young man, age 26, desires position
in dental offlce; two years' experience. Ad-
dress box 520, Call offlce.
BAKER, young man, wishes situation as third
or last hand: bread or cakes. 1218 Twenty-
sixth st., Oakland.
ANYBODY who wants first-class family or ho-
tel cook, please call at CHONG WING CO.,
902 Clay st.
ANYBODY who wants a first-class boarding-
house cook please call at CHONG WING CO.,
902 Clay at. : _^
AN experienced mining man desires a position
with mining company managing or exporting
mines; ben city references. Box 606, Call.
JAPANESE young boy. honest, wishes posi-
tion as a school boy. Y. T., 35S Jessie st. i
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore it.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. X. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT modern 8 room new upper fiat:
marine view. 1430 Taylor St., near Jackson.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms. 257 Dore St.. bet.
Ninth and Tenth, off Harrison; rent $10.
IF you want to move get printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELU 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA, 714 — Flat 4 rooms, yard and cellar;
rent $10; no children.
SIXTH. 526— An upper flat, E rooms and bath;
rear entrance; rent $12.
UPPER sunny flat, 7 rooms and bath: S2J Va-
lencia st. Inquire Morton Special Delivery.
4C* Taylor st. ; key at store. S39 Valencia.
$3— 3-room flat, sun all day. 1318 Jessie st., nr.
Junction Market and Valencia.
$11 EO— UPPER four sunny rooms; lower. $3 60.
13a Ivy ave., ne*r Van Ness.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st, off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 341 Bryant.
FUR.MTUHB FUR 8AL.B.
« ROOMTTuTnTs^d In oak~$48 60, with^No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUHXITUIIE WASTED. ~~
NI3W and second-hand furniture and clothing
bought and Bold. US2 Mission St., near Sth.
CHA8. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Misrion St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1364.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1C05 Larkln; tel. Polk 631.
furniture A furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry A Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 7S7 Mission; tel. Red 3353. j
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
TWO first-class waitresses, railroad s eating
house; Arizona: $20; free fare; call before 12.
C. R. «HANEEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 WAITRESSES to work dinner to-day, $1; call
early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
REFINED young woman, rood musician, fond
of children, to assist lady with, charitable
work; hours 10 to 6; salary $3 perjweek. Ap-
' ply at school, 942 Harrison at., Thursday, 2
to 4; reference*.
PERMANENT position can be secured by a
woman of 30 who Is reliable and quick to
learn. Box 454. Call office.*
WANTED— A day cashier for a large restaur-
ant and bakery; must be flrat-claBS and have
references. Address box 526, Call offlce. »
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
¦ self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— A Good saleslady at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED — Experienced examiners on shirts.
Apply The L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery.
TOUNG girl; light . housework; German or
Swedish girl preferred. 704 Fell at.'
GIRL for general housework; three in family;
wages $20. Apply 2818 Union st. - •
WANTET>— Neat girl for general housework;
salary 120. 108 Chattanooga st., near 22d.
GIRL for general housework. Call Friday be-
tween » and 12 at 13 Scott st. ; reference. - : .
¦YOUNG girl to assist at housework; no Sunday
.work; sleep home. 110 • Berry st. -
WANTED— <3Irl for housework and cooking.
2211 Putter st.
WANTED- Conservative. well- read l woman
-over 28. Box 607, Call office. .
GOOD buttonhole maker. UARON, Ladles'
Tailor, 22 and 24 Grant ave.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 8!8
, O'Farrell st. ¦ ¦ . •-
RELIABLE and respectable middle - aged
woman wanted as working r housekeeper for
email country hotel. For particulars address
JAS. O'BRIEN. Sea View. Sonoma Co.; Cal.
EXPERIENCED operators - on - Infants' wear
and cotton waiata. BAUER BROS.. CO.. 21-
Sansome st. •.."••? ;.>¦¦?.: ..'¦';.-. :•- .¦¦•. / ;
GIRLS for housework: good: pay.'C Pacific Em-
¦ ploymont ; Agency, t Geary; ph. Black 8719. ;
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and r : apprentices
; wanted. Bookblndery. 536 Clay st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2800 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call : advertisements and
. subscriptions baa ¦. been ;. established * at < 10M
- .Valencia st. :•;• . . . . ¦ ¦ . ¦"•'%?¦.;'
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE are offering the finest lines of good and de-
sirable KUltars. mandolins and banjos ever
shown. on the coast; they are of the cele-
brated "Regal" and "Ideal" brand and are
beauties; the prices are very reasonable v and
you can buy on payments If you wish; noth-
ing ¦ finer for a holiday present. 'MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
A GOOD article Is the best "bargain" for any
one to buy; when you buy a Decker & Son.
or a Packard piano, you always get a "bar-
gain." as It will last a lifetime and please
everybody; we - try to arrange payments to
suit ¦ your convenience, if possible, and take-
pleasure in showing you the goods, . even if
you do not want to buy Just now. MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay A Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege I given ¦ to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stetnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
' Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land. :
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago;
' agent peerless Heine ¦ and Hallet & Davis.
Boston's oldest and most famous piano, and
ten other makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase. '¦•:;.'.
8 Heine uprights $327
1 Mason A Hamlln 300
2, Stelnways 195
1 Chlckerlng 165
1 Marshall & Wendell «5
1 Emerson 35
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary at. ; open
evenings. | ¦
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and, largest houso
west of Chicago i» KOHLER & CHASE'S, '20.
28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
• and prlcea; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing pOKslble done -to please and satisfy the
customer. ¦ '. - - . ' -,
FINE list of slightly used pianos $135 up: easy
payments.? BENJ. CURTAZ * SON, 16 CFar-
| rell st.; Chlckerlng agency: Symphonion mu-
, sic boxes; sheet music, etc. ; open Saturday
evenings.
HIGH-GRADE 3-pedal upright piano; mint be
sacrificed, leaving city. , 419 Van Ness ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck, Hardman, Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO., 314 Post
NEUMAN upright, $75: Sherwood. $85; Peek.
$100; other bargains. BRUKNN. 208 Post St.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market st. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
GREAT "many. bargains in 2nd-hand uprights;
small installments. Hornuns. 216 McAllister.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Splel-
r.mann and Hamilton pianos. SOS Post »t.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos; $3 per
month. - SCOTT-CURT A Z. 660 Hayes at.
SUPERIOR .violins, . zithers, old and new. , H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
installments. .. Wilson's' Storage. 710 Market.
A BARGAIN; must be sold: nice uprUht piano.
SCHMIT?:..16 McAllister St.. next Illb. Bank.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages.- In wrarner. for mailing.*! ner year.
OFFICES if AXD STORKS J TO LET.
A i LARGE •: store and dry concrete basement •
elevator; Al for ¦ wholesale business. . 309-11
Sacramento ' at.
BANSOME. , 804— Handsome large store, reduced
to $10 per month. ¦ v - - # - . -, -. ¦ >
'. : __- ;-;...-¦ '¦. ~^:_: _ ¦¦;¦ oil. ¦;..: •-:-.- ,:',.':
. JOSEPH B.TOPLITZ, 830 Pine street.""
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL i EXCHANGE."
.Country correspondence solicited. . : ¦ ,-.
IT costs nothing: to ask how i we i select i profit-
able oil stocks, Box 829,. Call offlce.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc, S3 Taylor st.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg Co., 222 Sansome, rm. 2.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 821 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., S«6 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country: 6% undi-
vided lnts; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory tn
the • well-known tract of "Grace OU Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful, oil field known; over 630 feet of oil
sand; buy fi*m owners and save commissions;
have been In field from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
CARMAN & SOMES, 101 Chronicle bldg.. Sao
Francisco; 416 Douglas Block, Los Angeles;
Southern Hotel. BakersHeld.
A 'FORTUNE for $500-The first S U. 8. patent
oil land on the market in 20-acre traits; send
for map and experts' reports and particulars.
A. L. W1LLEY. 916 Market r.i.. S. F.
PERSONALS.
ROSE MANN— Erny seriousljTlli ; calT'oTsend
address. F. NOTES. 911 Taylor Bt.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife after this date, Novem-
ber 27. J. J. TRAVER.
MEXICAN Hair Grower stops the hair from
falling- Immediately and restores gray hair to
its natural color; ladles call and investigate.
Mexican Lady. 142 Sixth st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove ' rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LBDERER makes a specialty of men's and
women's wigs; opera bairdres3ing up-to-date.
25c only; the very latest. 123 Stockton st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 798;
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 313 and 320 11th at.
ELECTRIC light In' every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to $3 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments: $15 upward: $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market «.. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, aingle, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton at., near Broadway.
LEDERBU'S Qulntonica, uaed aa a hair tonlo
by the best people; 35c a bottle.
FINE aults. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
A.— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
Lcdersr's Foamo Shampoo should be on every
dressing case; cleanses thoroughly; 6c pkg.
FIRST-CLASS upholstering done at your nous*
by day or Job. 8. JENSEN. 911 Bush at.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
reara' experience. J. B. RAY. 837 Jessie at.
AN experienced detective wishes work; mining
cases specialty; refs. Detective. S. F. P. O.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and,
moles; trial free. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter.
A8K for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
|1 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 CFarrell st.
DR. LAMOTTE"S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
lng Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious etones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores *ray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSEXJ,!, scientific palmist. 615
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black SSl.
MME. NEEROAARD. 700 Post: tel. Hyd- 2332;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
PATENTS AXD PENSIONS.
ADVICE fr*>e: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, Lawyer. Examiner big.
PHYSICIANS AND SUHGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL^Offlce~Rnd~re9idence.
1021^4 Market st. between Sixth and Seventh. ',
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— 5 or 10 acres partly improved good
land in a place where I can get work in
timbers, cutting logs, wood chopping or any
other work in timbers. Address F. R. WLL-
LIAMS. 631 Greenwich St.. 3. F. '
WANTED— Flats or any good Income property
under $10,000 for spot cash. SPECK & CO..
667 Market at. • *
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR 8AJ.E.
«Tcc% T
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
AUCTION-
AUCTION -•*
AUCTION
AUCTION-
AUCTION t
AUCTION
At our salesroom, Monday, December 10th. at
12 o'clock noon.
THE TWO FOLLOWING PROPERTIES
MUST BE SOLD
By order of the owner, who is an absentee:
No. 1
8. E>. cor. Dupont and Green sts.; improve-
ments consist of brick and frame buildings ;
containing 6 stores and 10 tenements; rents I
$207.50 per month, which can be Improved with
little outlay. Lot 68:9 by 82:6.
No. 2
Margaretta Place, vear 433 Green st.; im-
provements consist of 2 tenements of 3 rooms
each; rents $9 per month; this includea alley-
way 2Vt feet wide leading from Green at.
CORNER NEAR FERRY DEPOT
S. E. cor. Drumm and Commercial sts.: Im-
provements consist of 2 stores and dwelling;
rents low at $S5 per month: one block from
Market st. and ferries. Terms cash above
bank mortgage of $12,000.
HOWARD STREET BUSINESS
PROPERTY
llliUllS Howard St.. X. ltne. near 7th St..
only one block from new postofflee; improve-
ments consist of store with 5 rooms and lody-
ing house of US rooma; rents $49 per month.
Lot 25 by SO.
M. BJ STURGES ESTATE
Executor's Sale.
1700 Fell St., N. W. cor. Masonic ave.; bay
' window residence of S rooma and bath; cement
walk; both streets bituminized and accepted;
this desirable corner is located in one of the
choicest residence districts and overlooks the
Park Panhandle. Lot 28 by 100. Subject to
confirmation by the court.
STOCKTON STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY
807 Stockton st, W lino, between Sacramento
and Clay sts.; improvements consist of 1-story
frame building: rents $23 per month: this prop-
erty properly improved can be made to yield
handsomely. Lot 40 by 193:8, irregular, to
Prospect Place.
FORECLOSURE SALES.
No. 1
Folsom St.. Es. line, near 21st; I choice build-
ing lots, level and ready for building; street
bituminized and accepted. Lots 25 by 95 each.
No. t
2457 Folsom St., E. line, near 21st St.: Im-
provements consist of stable, with flat above
of 6 rooms and bath: street . bituminized and
accepted. Lot IS by 95.
CLEMENTINA STREET INVESTMENT
Partition Sale.
446-448*4 Clementina St., ¦ N. line, between Sth
and 6th ets.: improvements conatst of store and
3 rooms, with 2 tenements of 4 rooms each.;
rents $34 per month. Lot 30 by 70.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE LOT.
Golden Gate a%-e., N. line, near Central ave.;
choice building lot 25 by 100.
NORA BEDELL ESTATE
Executrix Sale.
J70-272 Lexington ave.. W. line, near 20th St.;
I bay window flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; rents $2S per month. Lot 25 by 80. Sub-
ject to confirmation by the court.
JONES STREET INVESTMENT.
1513-1513>4 Jones St.. W. line, near PaciBc; 2
flats of 7 and 5 rooms, each; rents $21 per
month; lot 30 by 52:4.
For further particulars apply td our office.
G. H. UMBSEX & CO.,
,;."1V 1* Montgomery at.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
CAN YOU SPARE $5 GR $10 A MONTH?
SELECT A GOOD LOT FROM US AT A
BARGAIN. .
$500 to $800— Incomparable Sunset lots; graded.
$600 to $850— Choicest Richmond lota; $10
monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots; $S monthly.
$100 to $150— Level lota near Mission electric
cars; $5 monthly.
$500 to $1000— Splendid cottages near cars; In-
stallments like rent.
Branch offlce. Ninth ave., near ' H st. Open
every day and Sunday.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.*
ROOM 54, CHRONICLE BUILDING.
A GOOD HOTEL. - ;
Must be sold or exchanged ; ~ hotel (almost
modern), 30 rooms, 2 stores; lot 35x123 feet;
. main street: near city; sure to clear $150 a
month; $7500. A. M. SPECK & CO.. fi«7 Mar-
. ket at. : ..-¦',.- -:--.•'••¦¦
$16.000— 12- ROOM corner residence: tremendous
• bargain- fine - commanding view: ( best loca-
*. tlon in .Western Addition; SOrft. frontage. A.
M.- SPECK & CO.. 687 Market at.
FOR sale or rent— House of 8 rooms; also two
lots In Mission: bargain if sold immediately.
Particulars 1524 Stockton st. . .
MODERN bouses built; lowest prices; plans aad
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission; strictly confi-
dential. Rm. 8, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery at.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
Bt. ; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, Interest
In estates. legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room IS, first Boor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
Vfhere. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 8.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 8 and 10. 806 Market at.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortages
.....Interest in Estates
j.... .Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY, 630 Market.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
baok in installments or aa a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan aa long aa you de-
alre; avoid red tape and publicity; aee ua
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-89 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth at. ; tal. Jessie 14L
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought ft
sold. Silverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 11SL
WANTED to buy a solitaire diamond ring,
about $40; strictly private. Box 447, Call.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
FOR sale, or would exchange for cottage xod
lot In San Francisco, 5 acres of rich blacX
loam, house or 4 rooms and bath. barn. 2
chicken houses, poultry, horse and bug?y,
cow, good water, close to railway station;
price $1SOO. Inquire of owner. C. M. DEANE.
Mountain View Pcstofflce. Santa Clara Cc.
IF you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
CUNN. {30 California st.
OWNERS of property in the Potrero that wtsft
to sell, call on W. J. GUNN. 53ft California
street. S. F. Savings Union building.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
NEW cottage. 6 rms.. bath; lot 50x100; Mission:
rental terms: and vacant Iota. 41.1 Kearnyst.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FUUlTTAiB REAL ESTATE.
CHEAPEST and~best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for tl.
postage paid. ¦..- ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1000 — MIGHT be bought for less; pretty cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; small barn; lot
85x125; centrally .located and convenient to
cars. BELDEN & COOK, Washington and
Fourteenth sta.
1 $259 CASH. $25 per month: completed this week:
: 6 rooms: rijtht up-to-date; central. BCLDEN
& COOK. Washington and Fourteenth sts.
$G50— REDUCED from $750; 30x100: north side:
near San Pablo ave.. and but few minutes*
to City Hall. BELDEN & COOK. Washlng-
ton and Fourteenth sta,
$300 CASH, CO per month; new he me. 6 rooms;
latest finish and plumbing'; 3 minutes to S. F.
local. BELDBN & COOK. Washington and
Fourteenth sts.
$110 CASH. $« 50 monthly— New 3-room cottage,
7-foot basement: fine large lot 256 feet deep;
price all told $K0.
$7 50 cash. $4 SO monthly— y, acre excellent
land for $150.
$1S cash. $« SO monthly— % acre Al land. $233.
$23 50 cash. $9 monthly — % acre superb land,
for $320.
$29 cash, til monthly— 1 acre (more can be
had) for $473.
Adjoining East Oakland; climate, soil and
•view the very best; away from fogs aad raw
winds; near electrio car line and wide boule-
vard. Call or send for circular. 4S5 Seventh
at.. Oakland: carriage free. H. Z. J0NE3,
Owner.
$3500. J3300. $3500.
NEW MODERN HOT7SE.
Lot 30x134 feet.
TELEGRAPH AVE.
For permission to Inspect premises apply
A, J. ETNYDER A CO..
467 Ninth at.. Oakland.
$2400— A NEW modern house of 5 rooms; half
cash; balance can stand at S per cent; a
bargain. Inquire 424 E. 17th St.. Oakland.
| OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
I GOOD houses. Q«jt list from GEO. W. AU3-
TIN & CO.. 1008 P.ma.Taray. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIHMTUIIE FOR HALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Scheilhaas, th«
furniture dealer. 11th anil Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. 621—3 newly furnished sunny rooms
housekeeping. $13 50; one room $10.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. K2— Sunny suite; clean.
comfortable; gas stove: running wat»r.
MARKET, nr. Mason— Large room ani kit-
chen, folding bed. gas. $10. Call 3-12 K»aray »t.
MINNA, 537— Large front housekeeping room.
OAK. 119 — 2 sunny parlors, fuirrihed for heavy
housekeeping. $14; 1 single room. $3.
O'FARRELL. 742—2 nicely furnished rear
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas, bath,
phone; $14. "
STOCKTON. 1307—2 nicely furnished rooma for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Faro, and L"nfum.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth— Room* 25o
to $1 per night: $1 25 to $3 per week, and l)«bt
housekeeping; cpen all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old Nol 13M)— Fur-
nished run, suites, single; also unfurnished. .
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 820 — Neat. tidy, desirable furnished
rooms for gentlemen only.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 56«— Corner hoiiao; front rooms; other
; rooms; piano, phone; privilege light hskpg.
! GEARY, SIZ\— Large sunny room furnished or
unfurnished.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en stilts or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD. «50— A nice single sunny front room
for a gentleman to let.
HOWARD, 1857. cor. Tenth— Sunny furnished
rooms with bay windows; reasonable terms.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front room, furnished, H;
Single room. $4 50.
LAS PALMA3. 1*20 Market St.— Suite of 2 er S
rms. ; private; bath: sin. rms; board optional.
McCLELLAND, 20O Turk at.— Chanced hand*;
newly renovated; all rooms facing: either
Turk or Jones st.; rent reasonable.
MIXNA. 667. corner Eighth— New furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1013 Market at.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $3 a week up; S5c a day up.
NORWOOD, SIX Taylor— Furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; $2 a week up.
O'FARRELL. 10— Sunny furnished rooina andl
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wlc, mo.
POST. 412H— Sunny newly famished; hot and
.cold water: bath: one or two gentlemen.
POST. 831— To rent, small furnished front room-
neither drink nor emoke in the house; Prot^
estant Christian preferred; $5 per month.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis at.— Incandescent llrat:
reading-room, smoktnar-room an<J ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 33c to U 50; week. $3 to
$8: month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
ROSF.DALE House. 819 and 321 Ellis St.— Room*
night 23a to $1. week U 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 23 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
PIXTH, IMA— Sunny rooms, double and aingle;
gaa, fireplaces, running water.
SIXTH. 136 — Furnished salte of rooms, suitable
for business; privilege of light housekeeping.
TURK. 13*- Front, sunny furnished room, suit-
able for one or two gentlemen.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia at.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
SELECT family hotel; new Interior; three sp«.
cial dinners weekly; rates to eaubllsn. 307
California st.
A LADY with a pleasant home in Santa Rosa
would like 4. boys to board and go to school:
a good home; best of refs. Box 429. Call.
SUNNY front parlor with board for two, $33 per
month. 940 Howard st. '
BOARD and rooms at 41S First st.. near Har-
rison. • '
ROOMS WANTED.
SMALL cheap furnished room with RTate or
stove; central location. J. H. STEWART.
434 H Jessie st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester'a English, Pennyroyal Pills
are the best» safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars: "Relief for
Indies'" in letter by return mall: at drag- "
gists. Chlcbester Chemical Co.. Phlladet. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $i; collections male;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41.-. Montgomery »t.. rooma 9-10: t»1. 5S»>.
SEWING i MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates: open even, 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 Sth; phone Mint 3.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AND WAUEHOt'SKS. <
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission at. ;
tel. Main 1S43; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BRO3.. storage and moving; uwged
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South Tft. -
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Marine Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore at.; phone Jactooa UL
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call, 16
page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all alxes. THE
WALTZ BAFH, 108-1U Market St.. San Fran.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Zd-hand : moving:
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento «t
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
aults for $2 50. Portland Loan Offlce. 2C Stktn.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission at
L0-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KRQGH Mfg. Co.
FOR sale— Tank, windmill and pump; cheap.
903 Point Lobos ave.
SEALSKIN jacket, size 3«, $85. 36 Eddy St..
upstairs; 1 to ».;,;<;
CHEAP; baby go-cart; rubber tires, brake and
parasol; used a short time. 216 Kearny. r. i-10.
FOR SALE)— One dozen young chickens; must
cell. 629 Turk at.
GAS engine, one horsepower; can b« aeen
running at shirt store, 635 Valencia at .
SECOND hand gasoline engines; all sizes.
NEWELL, 66 Bluxome.
BAA* FHANCISCO CALL.
CrSIICKSS OFFICE of The Baa Frandsoo
Call, ecrcer cf Market and Third streets; open
erttl 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— IT! Montgomery sireet.
corner Clay; cpen until S:SO p. m.
$00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister rtreet: cpen until 9:J» p. xn.
eifi Larkln street: open until ?:S9 p. m.
IS41 Mlrsion etreet: cpen until 10 p. m.
t2€l Market etreet. ccrner Sixteenth: open
until > p. m. ;
10C Eleventh street: or*" until S p. m. • ¦
1C?6 Valencia rtreet: cpen until 9 p. m. j
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky streets; open until > p. m. I
Miicinc notices. i
MISSION Lodire No. 1*>. F. and A. M.— ¦ j
Will wet TO-DAY (THURSDAY), at i
; r ' a. m. to iLt:e:M the funeral of our TtJsP i
late brother. JAMES A. N El LOON, or'^r > j
Trimble I-odge No. 117 of (iraden, N. J., from '¦
the hall of thin lodge. By order of the W. M. i
GEORGE D. FL.ACK. Secretary. !
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual j
meeting of the stockholders of the Paauhau |
Stigar Plantation Company will be held at i
the efflce of the company. No. 127 Market St.. i
6an Francisco. Cal.. en SATURDAY, the l*t
day cf December, 1600, at the hour of 11 1
o'clock a. tn.. for the purpose of electing a |
beard cf directors to serve ror the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other bus!- j
c«-s» im may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer bocks will rloee on TUESDAY. November
20. 190C. at 8 r/clo^k p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit- j
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-.j
ancc? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Porrott bldg. |
{200 to jr.00 PER month: men or women; salary j
or commission. SC7 Market ft., room 616. ,'
- ASPHALTLM IIOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
r>a.1r»"d: postal. 11SC MI»ion: tel. Kclsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY'.
DR. C. TOU?EY TAYLOR. Selenttflo Astrolo-
»r»r — Fr»e crpy "Th* N^w Moot 1 .." 7<S Mark»t.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
R. TT. KINO, 927 Market st.. «th floor, room 6T7
— Frtates. damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collection*; al! ca*fs; fair fees: no advance j
charges; lnang on estate*. Tel. Howard 1337.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success : collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
L EDW. JAItRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market ets.; phone Red 6261.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, Si'T Market at., opp. Maccn. ';
L S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
krt st. : consultation free; no fees in advance. }
. . !
BATll C A El I. VETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara. Perfection and others. W. j
6. BF.OWN CO.. agency. 4SC EUlg st.. S. F. j
DLSINKSS CHASCES.
4. FINE corner grocery; b«:t location; come at •:
once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st. j
i. PLUMBING ehop; good location; come at !
once. COWING & CO., 7!9 Market st.
1-PAF.T.VER wnnted in good hotel. COWING |
& CO.. 7!9 Market Ft. I
K— GROCEItY; b»st bargain ever offered; $125 !
takes it. COWING & CO.. ?1» Market st.
\-PALOOX; vratT front; a snap this day. '
COWING & CO., 71» Market St.
SALOON; finest locality: fair Ftock and a good j
run of custom; offer wanted to-day. DON- i
NELLY £.¦ CO.. (ZZ Market st.
PARTNER wanted in light manufacturing bus- i
inesf; owner a practical workman: eetabliFhed I
bufin«-s*; pref^n? pnrtn^r to other hclj>; cnpital '
required. $400. DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Markt. !
TOO— H Int. Jn plumber business, established 10 j
3-ears; rplondld opportunity for a mechanic; j
eickness cau^e of sale. Lane & Co.. SS3 Mrkt. i
SALOON ar.d S room*; located on corner; two ;
blocks from Call tuildlng: no hot or cold j
lurch business in this place; established Z5 !
years; raying well; partners can't agree; i
j.rfoe only £ii0. M. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden I
Gate ave. j
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Pealed bids will l>e received at my offlce, 138 j
Montgomery et.. en FRIDAY. Nov. 30. at noon, i
(or "6 shares of the stock of Lewis & Co., dray- j
sien The capital stock of this ccr.cern consists j
Df 200 shares. For further information apply to j
I*. BOLAND. Public Administrator. ¦
TOR eaJe at once— A large chicken farm, horses, !
etc.: rents $15 month. Inquire at NEILSON'S |
«cre. Upper Fruit vale. ¦
WANTED — Paj-ing business or work; small !
capital: Ftord investigating; no agents, ltox i
*T2. Call office. j
\lta— CIGAR stand on Market St.; worth double •
amount. FLOI1ES CO.. JO36 Market, rm. 10. !
tS r *)— FOR FaJe; Baloon. 640 Commercial st.. 1 I
doer from Kearay. near New City Hall. .
WANTED— A partner In an fruit '
and veiretable business. Inquire at 212 Gough. '
GROCERY and bar: 3 Mvlnir rooms; very I
cheap. <?4 RauFch ?t., near F«ghth. i
A— $4000; BREWERY and bottling works; own- •
er has other business; cannot attend to both; '
will i^I! half or whole. Ree owner. «C5 Battery, j
POR Eale— A-No. 1 stationery and candy store; j
bert downtown location: full Investigation.
ACdrrsss box 491, Call offlce. |
WELL equipped piatlng plant doing splendid !
business. t*CO: worth Il»00; sickness compels j
<juicV Bale. Box 49S. Call office. !
£50— LADY as partner hair and dressmaking i
Store. i£2C Devifaflero *t. '
B7S— WHITE FRONT saloon; no agent: call j
and see. £3S Washington nt.. jir. Montgomery, j
TAILOR shop, good city business and fixtures, '
for sale at a bargain. 2122 Miwion «L
SALOON for f-altr; opjKisite ferry. Ill East st.,
north of Markrt; no scents. ,
GROCERY and bar; good business; selling ac-
count sickness. 1311 Howard st.. cor. Langton.
riOO— RESTAURANT: must be sold to-day on J
account of sickness. 148 Fifth et. I
CLASSIFIKD edv«rtisem»nts and subscrlptiona, I
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st. ]
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
eubscriptloTis kaa been established at l(h'6 j
Vc>nria *t.
U)OGI\G-I!Oi;SES FOR SALE.
K ROOMS on Powell St.; rent «75;^pirtee~.7$1900
I rooms en Taylor Bt.; rent $20; price 6X6
16 rooms on <"ie»ry st. : rent JSS; price 1060
)« rooms on O'Fjirrell et.; rent S30; price.. *00
. 12 rooms on Pot-t st.: rent $M; price SCO
15 rooms en OFarrell ft; rent $65; price.. 7M
'20 rooms en Mieslon *t.; rent 160; price... 1100
It rooma on Howard et. : rent 125; price... 7M
For quick iai<* list your houses with A. L.
TVILLEY. 316 Market et. : phone black K1S.
A— 22-nOOM hou*e; central $1001
20-room house; flrrt cUrs ;... 1330
11-room house; ?<75: 6-room f.at SS»
20-room house: Eddy: rent $75; only 900
FIEIIKK & CO., 1C32 Market B t.
6N>P; 11 ro«m«. furi!i»hed; clears $25 per mo.;
only «125. FISHER &. CO., JCJ2 Market st.
BUYERS of lodging-houses will find large list;
fine bargains in lodfring-houneis. Samples:
102 rooms; rent JM. price S150Q.
It ronmi: rent t34; price H00.
We l<*n money to buyers et 1H per cent.
60HWF.INHAKD tc CO.. 917 Market H.. be-
tween Fifth and Fiyth. Phone Mint 1111.
*T GRIFFIN. 7:» Market st.. room I. Free list.
Kew bargains every <!ay — rood paying houses.
C/verEIK 1 : all elr.es and prices: terms easy.
9dTl 5Rle— 242 Slrth «.; nice sunny house of I
rooms.
F"OR ¦ «5»Ue — At a sacrifice; the roomlnc-houw
4J* Fifth et.
16-ROOM IMging-hous": paying; xr'.Xl aell rea-
«OTi8ble. Box 225. Call office.
CABRIAGRS A Mi WAGONS.
COLUMBI'S BUGGY 7x).. clearance sale; low
wheel, rubber tire, road wagon, JSO; other
rtylea at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas present*. Markt. nr. 9th.. opn. St. Nlch.
FOH eale — c;h*«.p: flne CafTrey bronrhatu. near-
ly new, with new rubber tires and patent
French brake. Inquire Bt. Lawrence Stable,
422 Post Bt.'
ALL kinds of wagons, trairtrlen, carts, harness.
etc. cheap. FGAN Sc SON. 8117 Mlwlor. st.
AN A No. 1 -express waron, single, also light
camping wagon, for wile cb%ap. 632 Mission.
NEW &¦ id-hand 1 wagons, buggies, cart* £.- har-
mv. work & driving- hrn«e». l£th & Valencia.
CIIIKOPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ir^rown nails, corns, absolute cure,
- painless: ronaul'n free. I>r. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE ST. KELLY'S Agency— Xo"charBe un-
less successful. P.oom ilO. >27 Marttet st.
COTTAGES TO LET. "
6UXNY cottage, 5 rooma; bath, cellar, nice
yarfi; $12. Apply grocery. 23rd and Sanchez.
HO— COTTAGE <rear). 4 rooma and attic; gar-
flen; water free. Apply U21\i Filbert st.
fit— t PERTNTS at.; 2-etory house. S cunny
roomm ana yard. Apply at »l» California.
SPIRITUALIS3I.
MRS?'drV FARXHAM^ worid^rwiowTied ""apim^
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
eults. divorcee, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed., Frl. ev's;
come and be oonvlnced. Permanently located
CU Eddy ft., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader: also medical clairvoy-
ant: treats all diseases at office or by letter;
til tinge. $1. 1164 O'Farrell st; take Ellis car.
ELf IE REYNOLDS, materializing seance
Thursday eve. 12S Powell St.; 50c.
MRS. DR. GILSON. 614 Jessie St.. near 7th;
clrclf* Tues., Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m. ; sit. dally.
"CONSULT Watson," 15S1 Mkt. st, nr. 12th; '
medium, clairvoyant, psychic, palm.; 60c, $1.
MRS. HAKRISON— Medium, test, readings; see
her clr. Tues. Thurs., Sun. 858 Mission st.
MME. RUTH, wonderful card clairvoyant, has
; returned; fee 25c and 50c. 708 Ellis et.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
; healer and card reader. 146 Eddy St.
' EDW. EAR1.E. Flate writer, removed 300 Ellis,
' cor. Taylor; Sunday night, Pythian Castle.
1 FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
I Meyer, sittings; convincing tests to-night: 10c
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently looated at 1206 Mar-
ket et corner of Golden Gate ave.. room 25
ar.d M; take elevator. Perfect satief action
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamph-
let jwlthFrecialterms.
j MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant A card
! reader, born with double veil— second sight;
I diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles BOc,
I gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 £0. 126 Turk.
i MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
I acteed: 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
! REMOVED— The greet inspirational card read-
er' price 25c and 50c: hours 10 a. m. till 9 p.
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 228 Fulton st
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
Cth; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. E. SANDERS, 614 Taylor St.. near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
tedles* circle Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; Frl.. 6; olr. 25c
! MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; 25c up. 823 Mission st.. nr. 4th: ring bait
MRS. MELVIliLK, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Hxth; German spoken.
I MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader,
sittings dally. 448»4 Jessie st
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, ie the great palm-
ift and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. E. M. DUV Al* clairvoyant and business
- medium. 216 Kearny Bt.. rooms 8-10.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
I palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; SSc up. 6 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to KPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
] ing Works. 3S3-357 Tehama et. ; tel. South 49.
STANDARD, 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
3c yd.; laying- a specialty. Phone MisFion 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c,
6TRATTONS/ 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
\-atlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CITT Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 28-40 Sth St.; tel. South 2M.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 323 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
DEXTISTS.
AT~the "EL"ECTR^r-DENTAL"cLUN- IcTioTilarl
ket ut.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you (an
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
t3 £0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, P a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON.M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate*, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painl*es method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50o;
crowns, f2 60; plates, full set. $5; all work
X-alnU'M and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st,
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plat«s made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 60c; gas given. '
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
da-f>. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk et. ? ; v :
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction.
51c New Tork D»ntl*ts. S69 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL DressmaklngandMilllnerySonool;
patterns cut: evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, ovorO'Connor&Moffatt.
DRESSMAKING; reasonable trices; dresses
made over; perfect fit. 387 Geary St.
DEPILATORY.
1 O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
! removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
•wanted. Ontario Ch>m. Co.. ag*cy. 426 Ellis.
EDUCATIONAL. , .
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
CJallagrher. expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
i tlcal bookkeeptng; full course, I'M; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
8. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night aessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
I school for the university, law and medical
I colleges: references. President Jordan or any
I Stanford professor. Phelan building.
! BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
< learn In a limited time, take private lessons
I Trom an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
TJELL. room 63. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny et
i AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; day
|« and evening; Individual instruction. $8 per
| month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping.
j shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeplnr a
ehort time with expert Tarr. r?0 Parrot bldg-.,
I he wnuld not: be wise.
i MIES M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
, J leesons by mall: acknowledged by official re-
! porters best teacher. be«t system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking- full course thU
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
: NESS COLLEGE, 1286 Market tt.
ENGINEERING, civil, dec., mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; da* - . eve.; est. 1S64.
VAX PER XA1LLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
1 PIANO; history of music; German; French; $5
j per month. Y. M. C. A. bldg., fifth floor.
I MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typlr.fr. Bookkeep-
j ing. Spanish. 127 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
| MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio.
t vlollr.. ruttar. mandolin, banjo. JR36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
I ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
! ARITHMETIC, bookkn^pinr. grammar, writing.
j et<\. dav or «p. : tr> mo. 1024 Mlrelon. nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st., near Powell; telephone Bush 155.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co.; est.
1870; practical r*«ommend; try. them; removed
to 419 Pevlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce:
beet help. 626 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese rmployment of-
fice; all kinds help. 813 Stockton; Main C1E9.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce — Best help
furn. : domestic serv. 417 Powell ; tel. Buxh 876.
'¦ ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chl-
I nese help. 416 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
j CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
B*st h»lp. 411H O'Farrell st- : <t»l. - Kaat 4gg.
1 ICMI'l.OYMli.NT WANTED—- FEMALE.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper; light work; small wages;
good home. MRS. M. LISTON. Station M.
Richmond District. • - - -
A YOUNG lady, thorough musician, wishes a
situation In a refined family to give dally
piano Instruction for room and board; owns
piano. Box 431. Call office. ' ¦..--.. :
WOMAN -wishes to do washing, . Ironing and
house cleaning by the day; $1 and car fare.
Box 449. Call office. .:¦.¦-¦.• ''.- -
A YOUNG woman wishes work by day; wash-
ing- or house cleaning. . Box 450, Coll office. :
AN Enrllfh woman wishes a position. In pri-
vate family or Institution. 15ft Tthama et.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINB'S, 220 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, - water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
. etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A— BAKER, country shop, $12 a week; broiler,
$S0; waiter, country hotel. $22 60, fare ad-
vanced; 3 waiters, city hotels. $25 and $30;
waiter, country restaurant, $8 a week. C
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— COOK and wife, small mine; plain laundry
man; lunch cook.' $3 week: 15 cooks, city and
country, waiters, dishwashers, etc. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St. _^
A— MURRAY & READY.. Phone Main 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
.....WANT7 A. M. TO-DAY (Thursday) .
5 teamsters, same ranch ........$26 and found
Farmer and wife ....milkers
Choremen and boys.. .".... ...12 ranch hands
25 tlemaUers ..: ..fare paid
Tiemakere, 9c to 12c. tools and provisions ad-
vanced, fare paid -
60 woodchoppers ...... 75c, $1, $2 and $3 cord
MURRAY & READY, 634-63C Clay St.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 oer month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. .409 California
st. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
\ linoleum, new ', and second-hand ; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits ou one floor, ready made;
we can- ship everything ' In 24 - hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BOILERS, Engines. Sd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-1S7 Fremont St.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SALE.
HELP, WANTED-MALE.
MONEY TO LOAN.Time— U. :lWi: %. :37H: H. 1:C2\: 74. 1:2334. Good start except Wyoming. Won first three
driving. Winner, B. Schrelber"s br. g. by Boundless-Parolee. Buchanan on winner outrode-
Coburn Mitten the "goods" to-day. Gauntlet weakly ridden. Shields on Wyoming turkey
hunting when barrier went up. Scratched— Duckoy 104. Sir Kingston 104. The Buffoon 104.
Tlng-a-Ling 104. Morella^W.^ **-* f k_ j _ j _ j^_____ j^^
1400. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up: purse. $100.
Time— H. :12\i: %. :37; H. l:01H: T*. 1:28%: m. l:4Ui: l%m. l:M 4 i. Bad start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner. L. H. Ezell's b. f. by Kingston-Seville. Difference in
weights and distance and way race was run enabled The Lady to reverse matters. Wooster
Boy started off left foot in front.
14O5. FOURTH RACE: — One and an eighth miles; Newmarket Stakes; three-year-olds and
up; value, $790.
Time— %, :25; %. :4W4; %. 1:14%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. O. B. Mor
ris' b. c. by imp. Sir Modred-School Girl. Pupil received an excellent ride. Maxello off
poorly. He ran a good race. Pilot is consistent. Novia will do better with weight off.
Ella Boland Away badly, and later cut off on far turn while moving up. Her underpinning
is creaky. Scratched— AfamadaW. Alas 101-
Time— H, :12H: ft. :3SH; %. 1:0114. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner. L. H.
Ezell's ch. g. by Rancocas-Heeley. Sad Sam felt in a gay mood and whistled In. Quiz very
hot in the betting, but unable to chop the wood. Coburn once slightly cut off in stretch.
Bernota improving. Fondo a sluggard. Screenwell almost left. Scratched— Scallywag 97.
Birdie Stone 97, Princess Tttania 97.
14O3. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; gelling; two- year-olds; purge. J40O.
T1 « me "~ 4i> :U^ 1 **• :«%: %. 1:15H- Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, S. TV.
Streett s ch. g. by Domino-Lucy Wallace. Winner showed an inkling of old form and en-
Joyed good luck. Royal Prize a slow breaker and almost left. Logue made a botch of It
with Decoy. Monda better In mud. Scratched— Antolnetta 101.
14O2. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $350.
Tlm»— U. :25; H. :MU: \. llH. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Carruthers &
Shields' br. g. by Kins Regent-Cassandra. Palmer occupied all the vacant lots and spou
and "lucked" it in. Golden outfooted and badly cut off at far turn.
14O7. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; maiden two and three year olds; purse. Km.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Potnt. entrance • to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
- NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Tort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER ».
NOTE— In th« above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the suc^sslve * tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition I to the I soundings on the
United States Coast ' Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number riven is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. ¦ The plane of refer
ence. Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Probable "Winners.
First race—Donator. Ollnthus, Jennie Retd.
Second race— Tappan, Dr. Beraayi, Koen!«.
Third race—Eva Moe. Ballsta, First Shot.
Fourth racs—Hlldreth entry. The Tt*ttmr x
Bell Punch.
race—Handlcapper, Mac Oyls, Plata.
Sixth race—Bernota. Laura,* Mirts, Mhm
Tltanla.
Sixth race— Five and a half furlonjs; two
year-olda; sell Inc.
1443 Bernota 103 1348 Loneliness lflj
,1379 Birdie Stone.. ..104 1365 Laura Marie.. ..lua
'l395 Prin. Tltania...lM 1277 Phil Archibald. 107
1395 Irate 103 1363 Chaste 1C3
Fifth rac»— On* mtle; three- year-olds; aelltnc.
1400 Mao FlecJmo«»...m 1354 Trevathan 117
Handlcapper ...117 1205 Red Cnerry U7
.... M»c Gyle 117 1397 Plohn Ill
m fTui piay m
Fourth race—Ore mile and an eighth; three
year-olds and upward; Autumn handicap.
104« Advance Guard.l20j 1378 Lavator H
1387 Vulcaln W>. 1362 Gonfalon 116
<13S9) Bell -Punch 100U1364)The Fretter ....111
<1399)Eddle Jones 110!<129<v>Bansor 109
(1372)AndrI«a 107 <13S7)Vesuvlan 107
(1337)Sea Lion 104) 1372 Specific 103
¦ ThlrJ rac«— Two miles; hurdle; over twelve
obstacles.
131« Eva Moe 127 1353 First Shot 107
1278 Evlrato 132 1324 Lomo 157
1388 Manchie H2 Can't Danes ...1X1
704 Ballsta 123 <13S6)Rlo Chlco 143
Second race— On» mile; three-year-olds and
upward: selling-.
1397 Dr. Bernay«....109| 1403 Lojt Girl ....... 109
(1400)Alee 103 1393 Osmond 109
1338 Tappan 10S 1278 Stromo 10*
140« Gauntlet 112 1(1330) Koenis Ui
First race— On« mile; four-year-olds and up
ward: selling.
1401 Sweet Caporal.. 88t UTS Jermla Reid 73
1339 Lothian **l 1397 First Call 8?
1400 Campus tel 1397 Ostler Jos S3
1390 Ollnthus W 1397 Donator H
1394 Melkarth S2>
reserved. )
Winnie O'Connor made his debut In the
8>arMle here on Pupil In the third race,
and riding with excellent Judgment land
ed tbe Morris entry a handy winner.
O'Connor was out here In the old Bay
District track days, at which period ha
was one of th» Infant "pnenoms."
Following are to-day's entries:
(Copyrlahted. 19C0. by A. W. Martin. All rlgW*
Track Notes.
again' and to-day ought to se« some cu
rious figures exhibited from the timers*
stand. The attendance was large and the
betting all that could be desired. It
proved a disastrous session for favorite
players, however, as five of the choices
went down to defeat. ¦ ¦- ."
"Doc" Street's useful 3-year-old Doublet
had the pleasure of meeting a bunch /of
dusty looking platers In the first event
run. The ring laid, 5 to 1 about htm. and
he was never headed. -Lost Girl finished
a close second. Jimmy Logue. aatrld* tho
favorite DecoyT managed to get in all
sorts of trouble, running unplaced.
Sad Sam by a considerable display of
gameness upset a good thing in the sprint
for 2-year-olds. Quiz II. with Coburn up.
was almost backed oft tne boards, but
Sam led him almost from the jump, win
ning finally by a length.
Winnie O'Connor appeared on the back
of PupH, second choice for the next event,
and was warmly greeted by the crowd in
the stand. Ella Boland had first call In
the ring, but was unfortunate, and O'Con
nor landed his mount a handy first at tha
stand. Moxello. a 10 to 1 shot, nosed out
Pilot for the place. -.*
There was a sharp demand for Mitten,
one of seven starters In the fifth speed
recital, and she came very close to land-
Ing the coin. Well played at 5 to 1. Albert
Simon's mare once enjoyed a slight lead
In the stretch, but Buchanan ©utflnished
Coburn and Boundlee got the decision by
a head. Edgardo. with O'Connor up,
looked to have a chance at the paddock,
but the two leaders bore In toward tne
rail, closing the door on him.
The smart ones contended backing
Golden to take the race for maiden
two and three year olds was like
receiving a letter from the old
plantation. The Dunne entry fell
from twos to even money in the books,
and ran fourth. Bob Palmer, a friendless
15 to 1 shot, came home first, a neck be
fore Argregor.
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND
STRANGELY enough, the same
quartet of starters that tried con
clusions on Monday, when Woos
ter Boy defeated The Lady and
Marty Bergen earned indefinite
suspension for his ride on the last men
tioned mare, met again In the Newmar
ket stakes at Tanforan Park yesterday.
This time The Lady turned the tables on
Sam Hlldreth's horse, but of course the
changed conditions may have brought
this about. There was a five pounds dif
ference of weight In favor of The Lady,
the distance was further, being one mile
and a furlong, and besides Gold Or. the
sprinter, went out In the lead yesterday
instead of being rated as he was In Mon
day's race. The talent seemed firmly con
vinced Wooster Boy could repeat the
trick, backing him hard at the short price
of 1 to 2. while 7 to 2 could bo had against
Louis Ezell's mare. Everything seemed
against Wooster Boy, even Mr. Dwyer.
who sent the four away all Jumbled
about. Wedderstrand let Gold Or step
along In front for five furlongs, and It
took some urging on Cobum's part to de
throne the leader with the favorite. Once
at the head of the parade Wooster Boy
felt proud as a drum major, but when
The Lady went at him In the Btretch he
looked silly .and she beat the big fellow
In cakewalk' fashion. Herculean received
substantial backing to finish In the show,
and he made a glorious fizzle of It. The
value of the race was $790.
The track Is rapidly becoming fast
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Nov 28— Stmr New
York, from New York. •
Sailed Nov 28— Stmr Lahn, from Bremen, for
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Nov 28— Stmr
City of Peking, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Yokohama,
QUEENSrOWN— Arrived Nov 28— Stmr Mont
fort, from Montreal, for Liverpool:
NAPLES — Arrived Nov 28— Stmr . Fuerst Bis
marck, from New York, for Genoa. •
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Nov 28 — Stmr Graf Wal
dersee, from Hamburg and. Boulogne, for New
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov, 28— Stmr Oceanic,
for Liverpool: stmr Aller, for Genoa, etc; stmr
Kensington, for ' Antwerp, via Southampton.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAKODATE— Arrived Nov 27— Schr Ixrttte
Bennett; from Taku.
OYSTER HARBOR — Palled Not - 2S-Schr
Challenger, for Kahulul.
HULL — Arrived Not 29 — Br bark ' CTfeahlre.
from Oreson.
NEWCASTLE, Au»-Arrlved Not 27— 8chr
Muriel, from Noumea-
Sailed Nov 1%—Qor bark Otilde. for Panama.
Arrived prior to Nov 13— Gex bark Oerda.
from Panama. 1
: CARDIFF— Arrived Nov 27— Ft bark Marechal
VIlHers. from Astoria.
BHIMONOSEKI— Sailed Nov 2*-Br stmr Hy
son, for Tacoma.
SYDNET- Arrived prior to Nov 17— Eehr
Transit, from Chemalnus; ship Marlon Chll
cott from Chemainus. ¦..-•¦
PORT ARTHUR— Arrived Not 27— Bark "Wlll
ecott, hence Fept 25. ¦
ORAVESEND— Arrived prior to Nov 27— Br
ship Brodeok Castle, from Port Blakriey.
MELBOURNE! — Arrived prior to Nov 27 — Ship
I>oul8lana, fr*m Hastints Mill/
¦ TYNE— In port Nov 15— Br ship Maxjv«ll, for
Ean Francisco.
BANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Oct 23— Br ship
Ben I>ee, for Taeoma. «
VLADIVOSTOK— Sailed— Oer itmr Eva. for
Astoria. ¦¦ -«^s««^WW<>*
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK- Sailed Not 27— Stmr Alliance,
for Colon.
EASTERN PORTS.
Passed In Nov 2S— Br stmr T5nre*l&.
rORT-flAMBLB- Arrived Nov 28— Bark Oy
lon. from Port Townsend : Br etmr Carmar
thenshire, hence Nov 24.
Sailed Nov 28— Schr Maria E Smith, for Hllo.
Arrived N.ov 28— Bktn Gardiner City, from
Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 23— Schr
Luzon and -bktn Gardiner City, from Hono
lulu.
In port Nov 1?— Stmrs Centennial and Santa
Ana, for San Franclpco. •
HOWENS LANDING— Arrived Nov 28— Schr
Newark, hence Nov 27.
Arrived Nov 23 — Schr Neitle Bundborg. hence
Nov 21.
Arrived Nov 2S— Stmr Dolphin, from Skaguay.
DUTCH HARBOR— Sailed Nov 18— Stmr Port
land, for Seattle; stmr Sadie, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Nov 27— U S stmr McCul
loch and schr Thos F Bayard, from Nome.
Sailed Nov 27— Stmr Mackinaw, for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA-Arrived Nov 25— Btmr Signal, from
Portland.
Palled Nov 28 — Ship Slntram, for San Fran
cisco. Nov 27 — Ship Florence, for Honolulu.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Nov 28— Schr North
Bend, henct* Nov 17. ' V
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Nov 28— Schr Azalea, for
Grays Harbor; stmr Iaqua. for San Francisco
BANDON— Palled Nov 28— Schr Joseph and
Henry, for San Francisco.
USAL— Sailed Nov 28— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Pedro.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Nov 29— Stmr Cres
oent City, for San Francisco.
CAPE /FLATTERY— Passed Nov 28— Stmr
Portland, from Nome, for Seattle.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Nov W-Schr
Marl© E Smith, from Port Gamble.
Sailed Nov 2S— Ship Yosemite, for Sydney.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Nov 2S— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Nov 27.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 2S— Schr G W Wat
son, for San Francisco.
NEA11 BAY— Passed in Nov 28— Stmr Port
land, from Nonmu for Seattle.
Passed out No* 23 — Ship Florence, from T&
coma. for Honolulu.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 28— Stmr Eureka,
hence Nov 27; echr Esther Buhne, hence Nov
22; bktn G C Perkins, from Hllo.
Sailed Nov 2S— Stmr San Pedro, for Ean
Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 27— Br ship Duiusyre.
from Santa Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Oct 4, lat 57 S, Ion 70 W— Br ship Lord Elgin,
hence July 31, for Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, Nov K. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 8 miles.
Wednesday, November 29.
Stmr Acamilco. Russell. Panama and way
ports.
Stmr Sequoia; Wlnkel. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen. Newport (S).
Stmr National City, Dettmers, . •
Stmr Rival. Johrson. Willapa Harbor, etc
Br Btmr Ooric, Smith, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkons.
Schr Mary E Rum, Wlkender, Coos Bay.
Schr Queen, Nielsen, Port Gamble.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Morris, Grays Harbor.
Bark Prussia, Jensen, P«rt Blakeley.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Viking, Mortenson. Coos Bay.
8chr Queen, Thomas. San Diego.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Wednesday, November 29.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,'
Perkins & Co. . , .,
Stmr Cxarina, Seaman. Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka: . Goodall. Per
kins & Co. ,,
Stmr "Acaoulco, Russell, Panama; - Pad Ho
Mail S:S Co.
Stmr Geo . W Elder. Randall, Astoria- Ore
gon Railroad A Nav Co.
Br Btmr ;Dorin," Smith," Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu. -
¦ Br ship James Kerr, Powles, Queenstown; O
W " McNear. **. ' \' ." ¦ - . . •' ¦ - \ •' -¦ - ; ¦ ,-
Bark ' Kalulanl,": Dabel, Honolulu ; Williams,
Dtmond & Co. -^an9>>lSr«W>>MMBHtBMBHM
Fr bark Chas Gounod, Gautler, Queenstown;
L Kauff man.
Shipping Intelligence.
j ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 29.
Etmr Zealandla, Dowdell. 6 days 20 hours and
BO minutes from Honolulu.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle. 22 hours from Bu
chon Landing.
gtmr National City. Dettmers, 89 hours from
Ban Pedro. ¦ t " • .
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, 4V4 days from Na
nalmo.
Stmr Kvichak, Nelson, 114 days from Karluk.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, 49V4 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr Matteawan, Crosscup, 4 days 16 hours
from Tacoma.
Btmr Noyo, Johnson. 14 . hours from Fort
Btror Progreso, Monroe, 4% days from Seattle.
Btmr Empire, Macgenn, 60 hours from Coos
Bay. •
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. 24 hours from
Eureka; bound. south; put la to land passen
gers. . ¦ . *
Stmr Jeanle, Mason. 5 days 10 hours from
Stmr" Senator. Patts«son, «« hours from Vio-
Stmr North Fork. McLellan, 28 hours from
Eureka. • ¦ . „, .
Btmr Cleone. Miller, 27 hours from Eureka. . -¦
¦ Ital shir Mount Carmel. . Mazzella, 153 days
from Hamburz.- '
Bark Santiago. Ingalls, 19 day* from Hllo.
Br bark Invercoo, Lewis, 67 days from New
castle, Aus. ¦ . .-¦..••-¦'. •-/ .
Schr Chas R Wilson. Johnson. 10 days from
Grays Harbor. •=--¦¦
Shipments of salmon from this port by sea
during the month of October were 338,429 cases
and 7364 packages, valued at $1,447,031, against
137, 2S9 'cases and 11,679 packages, valued at
JC22.432, for October, 1899. Since, January 1
these shipments amount to 23,£69 cases and 15.
1S0 packages, valued at 12,676,854, against 445,
69(1 cases and 19,201 packages, valued at $U32,
983, during the same period last year. „ \
Exports of Salmon.
The British ship James Kerr cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders .with S3.134 ctls
wheat; valued at 83,100. and 25,000 feet lumber
dunnage, valued at $375. Total value, $83,475.
Wheat Shipment
In addition to cargo previously reported the
City of Puebla. which sailed Tuesday for Vic
toria, carried the following merchandise, valued
at $1965:
1 cs arms and ammunition. 10 gals brandy, 42
cs canned goods, 630 lbs cabbage, 5 cs dry
goods. 63 cs dried fruit, 10 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 70 crs grapes. 2 cs hardware, 68 bxs
lemons, -2 pkgs machinery. S50 ,lbs nuts. 92 bxs
oranges, 10 crs onions. 20 cs paste. 20 bxs sweet
potatoes, 96 bxs vegetables. 65 gals wine, 41 bxa
ralElns. -
An Additional Manifest.
The steamer Doric sailed yesterday for China
and Japan with a general cargo valued at $237,
83?. manifested as follows: For China, $SS,S34;
for Japan, $104,165; for Manila, 924.O5S; for tho
East Indies, $10,944; for Vladivostok, $8805; for
Slam. $672; for Korea, $352. The following
were the principal shipments: .
For China, 2 bbls acid. 2 cs arms and ammu
nition. 7 era bicycles, S2.711 lbs beans, 5150 gals
bottled beer. 2014 lbs bread, 3314 lbs chocolate,
1S48 cs canned goods, 1430 lbs coffee, 12,270 lbs
cheese, 3654 lbs, 75 cs codfish. .95 cs drugs. $690
lbs dried fruit. 11,658 bbls flour. 407 bxs fruit,
1644 pkgs groceries and provisions, 12 pkgs
gramaphones.y 15 bales hay, 250 bxs* heating
stoves. 823 lbs hops, 23.S63 lbs ham and bacon,
6000 lbs lard. SO .cs lemons. 30 rolls leather. 6S
pkgs machinery, 6667 lbs malt, 550 lbs nuts, 7
cs oil, 630 era onions, 14 cs photo goods, 78 bxs
paste, 1000 lbs pearl barley, 225 cs salmon, 4 cs
typewriters. 340O gals, 35 cs wine. 50 cs whisky,
11 reels wire.
For Japan— 18 cs arms' and ammunition. 117
crs bicycles and sundries. 843 cs canned goods,
1400 lbs codfish, 16 cs drugs, 62 pkgs dried fruit,
103 cs electrical goods. 108 bales cotton, 3626 bbls
flour. 22 bxs fruit, 1174 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 2246 lbs hops. 25 hales hose, 27 bdls
bides. 193 rolls. S bdls leather. 34 pk«s ma
chinery, 3599 kegs nails. 7477 lbs nuts, 66,253 lbs
malt, 12,915 lbs oak tan, 10 crs onions, 64
crs paper, 12 cs rubber goods, 153 pes railroad
material, 2979 lbs^tugar. 300 lbs soap, 28.000
lbs shot, 100 kegs sourkraut, 168 half chests tea,
213.467 lbs tobacco. 2008 gals wine. 1G6 cs
whisky. 1 bbl whale oil.
For Manila— 50 cs blackberry wine, 150 cs
blackberry brandy, 12,100 gals bottled beer, 36
crs bicycles and sundries, 6 cs chewing gum,
14S cs canned goods. 11 bbls flour, 34 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 6300 lbs lard, 43,600 lbs
malt. 4 pkgn machinery. 15 pkgs plumbing
goods, 12 cs photo goods, 10 cs shoes, 75 cs wine,,
8 cs tools, 49 bbls, 625 cs whisky. , -
For the East Indies— 6S5 cs canned goods, 265
lbs dried fruit. S5 pkgs machinery. 505 gals, 2
cs wine. 126 cs salmon. 26 bdls pipe. 31 pkgs
groceries and provisions.
For Vladivostok — 205 pkgs machinery, 250 cs
soap.
For Slam— 12 cs shoes, 60 cs canned goods, 25
bbls flour, 360 lbs mlllstuffs.
For Korea — 1 pkg machinery, 9 era furniture.
?
Merchandise for the Orient.
th« M. E. Smith, lumber at Port Gamble for
Kilo, prior to arrival. The British bark
Velanope has been sold by the United States
Marshal to John Kosenfeld's Sens for $53,900.
THE NEW AMERICAN STEEL. BARK KAIITLANI BEING TOWED
AROUND THE BAY BY THE TUG ALERT IN ORDER THAT HER
COMPASSES MIGHT BE ADJUSTED.
The Carrollton loads coal at'Taeoma for
Honolulu; the Ceylon, lumber at Port Gamble
for Honolulu, prior ro arrival ; the Empire,
lumber and merchandise for Adelaide; the
Kllkitat, lumber at Port Gamble for Honolulu;
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The steamer Olga is on the drydock,
,an3 an examination shows what a narrow
escape she had. Half a dozen of her
plates are "corrugated" and crumpled up
like pieces of galvanized iron, the stern
post is twisted and several other minor
repairs will bring the probable cost of the
overhauling up to $70,000.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
Doric sailed for the Orient yesterday. She
carried twenty-six cabin passengers and
825 Chinese and Jaranese in the steerage.
She took away an unusually heavy cargo.
The bark Invercoe arrived from New
castle, Australia, late last night. She was
outside all day, but the captain would
not accept a tow until the last minute
Then he gave his hawser and got in in
time to give his crew a good night's rest.
Water Front Notes.
Willie Fraser, a boy about, 12 years of
age, lies dangerously injured at the Cen
tral Receiving Hospital. The lad is an
employe of the White House, and yester
day was out delivering parcels. On his
way beck to the store ne got on a Post
street car and when- at his corner jumped
off in front of a passing team. He was
knocked down and run over. Officer Cro
nln sent for the ambulance and had him
removed to the Harbor Hospital. There
Dr. Dray found him suffering from con
cussion of the brain and a possible frac
ture of the skull.
Nearly Lost His Life.
Commissioner Morse Finds That the
Steamer Corona Was Worth
Nine Thousand Dollars.
United States Commissioner George E.
Morse presented to United States District
Judge de Haven yesterday, his report ap
praising the value of the Bteamship Co
rona, and his report was conhrmed. The
Bteamer was wrecked on Lewis Island,
Alaska, some time ago, and her owners,
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
raised her and brought her to Port Town-
Bend, where she was repaired. She wai
then brought to San Francisco, where the
final repairs were made, making the total
cost $150,000, and her owners valued her at
$120,001* They claimed that as she lay on
the rocks at Lewis Island she was of no
value at all, ; or at the most of only $500
value.
Commissioner Morse decided that if she
had been left on the rocks she would have
been of no value, but as the owners elect
ed to take her off she had a determinable
value, which he found to be $9500. He
found from tho testimony that she was
worth $33,000 when she arrived at Port
Townsend from Lewis Island, and that it
had cost $23,500 to raise her and take her
thither. He reported therefore that her
value at Lewis 'Island was the difference
between the two sums. He found the
value of the freight and passage money
then pending to be $11,637 47.
VALUE OF A WRECKED i
BOAT LEGALLY FIXED
ts-jy^HE new steel bark Kalulanl did
I not get to sea last night. Captain
I Dabel thought he would be out-
JJL Bide the Farallones before sunset,
but Instead he was at anchor off
Folsom street. On her maiden run to San
Francisco the compasses of the Kaiulani
got out of order and they had to be ad-
Justed yesterday before she could go to
sea. The tugr Alert took her out and
towed her around the bay until everything
was in a satisfactory condition. Then it
was too late to sail, so the bark will not
leave port until this morning.
Captain Dabel of the Kaiulani is one of
the best known masters in the coast
trade. He was formerly in the Aloha, but
left her to take charge of the new steel
bark. The Kaiulani will take away eleven
passengers and a full cargo. She was
built by Arthur Sowall & Co. of Bath,
Me., and a full description of her has al
ready been published in The Call.
New Steel Vessel Is Getting Into Proper Trim For Her
Voyage to the Isles, of Southern Seas.
TOWING BARK KAIULANI ABOUT
BAY TO ADJUST COMPASSES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1900.
11
Sam Hildreth's Horse Ruled a Top-
Heavy Choice, But Is Beaten.
WOOSTER BOY LED
OUT BY THE LADY
J[^?,2^-.^ r^^!^vJ"^gS5fP r A J'' 28.— Weather fine. Track fast.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
14O4. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, 1350.
TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Crescent City..
Santa Hosa....
Point Arena....
Warfleld .......
Rainier r........
L>el,Norte
Robert Dollar..
Samoa
Mackinaw, .....
Tltanla ».-.......
Eureka , ........
City of I Bjrdney
Columbia ......
Queen - .....;....
Bonlta .........
Pomona ....'....
Washtenaw ....
Crescent City.............
San Diego
Point Arena;
Oyster Harbor..:
Seattle.. ,...;...... i . ..:...
Portland and Cooa Bay.
Seattle
Humboldt.......
Seattle.....::.....;.;......
Nanalmo
Humboldt.................
New York via,. Panama
Portland ....... . . . ........
San Diego 4 Way Ports]
Newport and Way Ports
Eureka.
NRnalmo.. ................
Not. 29
Nov. »
Nov. 29
Nov. 29
Nov. 23
Nov. 80
Nov. 30
Nov. 30
Nov. 30
Nov. 30
Nov. 30
Dec. 1
Dec. I
Doc. 2
Dec. 3
Dec. . 2
Dec. 2
Janta Barbara. |Humboldt ........|I>c. J
Jmatllla Victoria A Puget Soundi Dec. 3
South Portland Seattle D*c« •
;orona Newport D«c- 5
leo. W. Elder. Portland Dec. C
Steamer.
I Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Pomona . . . I Humboldt Not. ». 2 pm
Geo Elder. I Portland Nov. ». 11 am
Mandalay . Coqullle Riv.. Nov. 29, 10 am
Arcata .... Coos Bay Nov. 29. 10 am
Willamette 8eattle Nov. 80, 4 pm
Corona Newport.' Nov. SO. » am
Empire. Coos Bay Nov. SO. 4 pm
Rainier Seattle Dec. 1. 8 prn
Mexico ....Mexico Dec. 1. 12m
North Fork Humboldt Deo. 1. » am
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Deo. 1. J pm
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt 6d. Deo. J. tl am
Santa Rosa San Dleiro Dec. t. Inn
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 2. » am|
Zealandla .Honolulu Dec. J. Ipmi
gamoa Humboldt Dec. J, 10 am
Australia .. Tahiti Dec. 4. 4 pm
Columbia .. Portland, Dec. 4. 11 am
Bonita . Newport Dec. 4. » am
Del Norte.. Portl'd A C.B. Deo. 4. » am:
Queen San Diego Dec. 6, » am
Nip. Mara. China A Japan Dec. 6. 1 pm
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pl«»r U
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 27
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier^*
Pier 11
| Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 7
PterM
Pier 11
Pier »
Pier 11
PMSS
Sun rl»e«
Sun vets .
Moon set*
(first quarter)..
,i':io"t
.7:0*
.4:52
. m.
O Time
¦ t>
• • H W
29 ... *:1«
SO... «:«>
L W
1 ... 0:00
S ... 0:52
"»... 1:46
4 ... 2:35
5... 3:25
Time
Ft. Ft.
!• w -
"Ti 11:16 11
t.S 12:M 1.1
H W
1.6 «:45 B.8
1.0 7:29 «.O
J.S 8:12 6.3
2.6 9:57 6.5
2.9 9:41 6.5
Time *m;
H W
1:00 4.1
t-.n 4.2
L W
1:19 0.8
2:15 0.1
S:09 —0.5
3:53 —0.9
4:47 —1.2
I Time!
11:00
H W
7:U
8:M
10:01
11:00
11:571
"•
1.1
.....
4.2
4.3
4.4
4.S
4.S
Index (Horse. Age, Weight
|Pst St.
H-
%.
8tr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
f Op.
- Bettln* «
HI. CL PL
1330 Doublet. S 105 S 1
1341 Lost Girl, 6.. ....104 7 9
1388 Glissando. 3 101 8 8
1122 Rosalbra, S 107 10 4
1152 Royal Priie, g lO-J l u
1378 Decoy, 3 99 3 3
1334 Monda, 4 106 s 2
«0» Juva. 4 104 4 6
134S Naples. 4 104 9 7
13S3 Favorlto. 3 93 2 S
1336 Anita B. 3 104 11 10
13 13 12
• 3 61 4 1
6 1 4 1 2 h
S3 2 n 3 h
10 3 9 2 5 1
4 1 6 4 « 2
5 h 7 1 7 8
1 H W 10 9 1
8 H 8 3 10 8
2 h 32 81
11 11 11
1 H J. Daly
3* Cobuni
3 H Mounce ....
4 2 J. Woods.... •
5 1 Stuart ..
6 4 l.rgne
7H Enoa
8 H Tullett
9 2 K. Kelly....
10 10 J. Martin...
11 iVtckery ....
4
«
4
• 8
20
8-5
9
15
BO
30
30
5
7
•
13
30
6-3
13»
25
100
ISO
«0
6
«
IS
IS
8-5
10
20
iftO
150
SO
5-3
4-3
4
10
40
3rt
2a
Index Hor«e and Weight fp»tlSt.
H-
•4. .
. Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
' Op.
tsei
H!
a! piu
1365 Sad Sam 97 B 5
.... Quiz II ioo 6 S
1385 Bernota 101 1 1
1395 Galanthus 97 3 2
.... Fondo 97 8 4
1341 Klngstelle 97 4 7
1198 Ada N 101 7 «
13«5 Screenwell Lake. 97 9 9
1361 Lilly Di*KS 97 3 «
1 h
2 2
8H
5 h
6 2
7 1
8 4
9
4 h
11 11
2 1% 2 n
3 1 3 5
5 1 4.h
4 H 5 1
6 2 «',
7 3 7 4
9 8 3
8 2 9
11 Martin 3
2 1 Coburn 8-5
3 4 Weddersfd 5
4 n J. Da!» 8
E 3 Domlnlck .. 5
6 4 Buchanan .. 19
7 4 F. Kelly • 20
8 3 J. T. Woods 3 "
9 Stuart 10
S
4
8
IS
13
20
30
10
20
3
S-5
8
10/
29*
30
10
15
1
2-5
. 5-2
r «
4
3
10
4
•
In-lex
Horae. Age.- Weight. Pst St.
%.
%.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
' Op.
tten
III.
ng ' %
ci. pi.
1352 Pupil. S 10S 5 3
(1394) Maxello. 5 106 « 7
1353 Pilot, 3 101 8 4
1373 Xovla, 6 110 » 1
1383 The Singer. 3 101 1 8
1366 Montanus, 4 Ill 4 3
1242 Lodestar. 8 ......107 t 5
1163 Ella Boland. 8. ..101 2 6
817 Dlomed. 3 110 7 9
*%
6 4
SH
l H
4 1
t*
3 h
7 h
1 n
5 1
4 1
2 1
3 2
7 2
8 4
8 2
9
1 1
34
3 h
4 3
6*i
«4
7 1
8 1
9
1 2 O'Connor ..
2 ns Coburn
3 2 Mounce
4 4 J. Woods....
5 'i Domlntck ..
C 5 McDonald ..
7 2 Farrell
8 3 Wedderst'd
9 H. Shflldw..
5-2
8
3
5
10
10
8
3
.15
4
10
4
7
20
20
2S
3
25
7-2
19
4
7
IS
20
23
3
25
7-5
4
7-X
5-:
«
. -.»
U
l
to
IP* I
Horse, Age, Weight. I'Patl St.
U.
H-
Btr.
Ftn.
Jockeys,
, Betting — — ,
I Op. HI. C\. PL
Index
1893 The Lady. 8 110 1 1
(1393) Wooster Boy, 3.. 110 3 3
1S93 Gold Or, 3 113 4 2
1393 Herculean, 3 .... 97 2 4
3H S n * 5 13
2 14 1 14 1 l'i 2 3
1 h 2 n 4 35
4 4 «tt 4
J. Martin... 3 7-1
Coburn 1-2 11-20
Wedderst'd 60 150
J. Daly 7 9
.1-1
2-5
100
3
1-3
1-4
30
3-2
Po.|
rstlst.
U-
Fin. I
Jockeys.
I, Betting: »
I Op. HI. «CL PI.
Index
iHorse, Age, "Weight
%•
Sir.
1371 Boundlee. S 104 7 4
1SS2 Mitten. 3 104 3 3
1334 Edgardo. 3 104 3 «
1S9O Gauntlet. 4 112 4 1
1267 Hiram Johnson. 3.104 1 2
.... Sprung, 3 107 6 5
1391 Wyoming, a 110 6 »
i a
31
4 h
«
3 h
51
11
31
4 1
«
8 h
5 n
7 3 1 h Buchanan .. 6-3 18-5 3 «-.>
In 3 3 Coburn 3 5 5S
3 1 3 1 O'Connor ...5852
5 4 4 2 McDonald .. 4 9-3 9-2 8-5
4 1 5 4 Mounce .... 30 SO SO 20
6 6 Ktley 10 20 20 S
H. Shields.. 3 « 3 S-5
:ndex] Horse and "Weight. JPstJ8t.
%-
%.
Btr.
Tin. I
Jockeys.
1, Betting \
J Op. HI. Cl. Pi.
Bob Palmer 10" S 4
Argregor 105 2 I
Haralamb 102 4 S
Golden 102 1 1
Cantlnua 105 8 6
4* I H
m t:
t h !'i
Ih 41
8 .6
I ¦
I
13 In J. Martin... <
3 5 1 1% J. Woods.... »-2
i n 3 4 O'Connor ... $-5
4 10 4 40 Wedderst'd 2
5 5 R. Murphy.. 20
15
5-2
»-2 '
2
4-7
11
3
" 4
. 1
80
4
M0
«-5
in
Po.|
rstlst.
U-
Fin. I
Jockeys.
I, Betting: »
I Op. HI. «CL PI.
Index
iHorse, Age, "Weight
%•
Sir.
1371 Boundlee. S 104 7 4
1SS2 Mitten. 3 104 3 3
1334 Edgardo. 3 104 3 «
1S9O Gauntlet. 4 112 4 1
1267 Hiram Johnson. 3.104 1 2
.... Sprung, 3 107 6 5
1391 Wyoming, a 110 6 »
i a
31
4 h
«
3 h
51
11
31
4 1
«
8 h
5 n
7 3 1 h Buchanan .. 6-3 18-5 3 «-.>
In 3 3 Coburn 3 5 5S
3 1 3 1 O'Connor ...5852
5 4 4 2 McDonald .. 4 9-3 9-2 8-5
4 1 5 4 Mounce .... 30 SO SO 20
6 6 Ktley 10 20 20 S
H. Shields.. 3 « 3 S-5
IP* I
Horse, Age, Weight. I'Patl St.
U.
H-
Btr.
Ftn.
Jockeys,
, Betting — — ,
I Op. HI. C\. PL
Index
1893 The Lady. 8 110 1 1
(1393) Wooster Boy, 3.. 110 3 3
1S93 Gold Or, 3 113 4 2
1393 Herculean, 3 .... 97 2 4
3H S n * 5 13
2 14 1 14 1 l'i 2 3
1 h 2 n 4 35
4 4 «tt 4
J. Martin... 3 7-1
Coburn 1-2 11-20
Wedderst'd 60 150
J. Daly 7 9
.1-1
2-5
100
3
1-3
1-4
30
3-2
In-lex
Horae. Age.- Weight. Pst St.
%.
%.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
' Op.
tten
III.
ng ' %
ci. pi.
1352 Pupil. S 10S 5 3
(1394) Maxello. 5 106 « 7
1353 Pilot, 3 101 8 4
1373 Xovla, 6 110 » 1
1383 The Singer. 3 101 1 8
1366 Montanus, 4 Ill 4 3
1242 Lodestar. 8 ......107 t 5
1163 Ella Boland. 8. ..101 2 6
817 Dlomed. 3 110 7 9
*%
6 4
SH
l H
4 1
t*
3 h
7 h
1 n
5 1
4 1
2 1
3 2
7 2
8 4
8 2
9
1 1
34
3 h
4 3
6*i
«4
7 1
8 1
9
1 2 O'Connor ..
2 ns Coburn
3 2 Mounce
4 4 J. Woods....
5 'i Domlntck ..
C 5 McDonald ..
7 2 Farrell
8 3 Wedderst'd
9 H. Shflldw..
5-2
8
3
5
10
10
8
3
.15
4
10
4
7
20
20
2S
3
25
7-2
19
4
7
IS
20
23
3
25
7-5
4
7-X
5-:
«
. -.»
U
l
to
Index Hor«e and Weight fp»tlSt.
H-
•4. .
. Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
' Op.
tsei
H!
a! piu
1365 Sad Sam 97 B 5
.... Quiz II ioo 6 S
1385 Bernota 101 1 1
1395 Galanthus 97 3 2
.... Fondo 97 8 4
1341 Klngstelle 97 4 7
1198 Ada N 101 7 «
13«5 Screenwell Lake. 97 9 9
1361 Lilly Di*KS 97 3 «
1 h
2 2
8H
5 h
6 2
7 1
8 4
9
4 h
11 11
2 1% 2 n
3 1 3 5
5 1 4.h
4 H 5 1
6 2 «',
7 3 7 4
9 8 3
8 2 9
11 Martin 3
2 1 Coburn 8-5
3 4 Weddersfd 5
4 n J. Da!» 8
E 3 Domlnlck .. 5
6 4 Buchanan .. 19
7 4 F. Kelly • 20
8 3 J. T. Woods 3 "
9 Stuart 10
S
4
8
IS
13
20
30
10
20
3
S-5
8
10/
29*
30
10
15
1
2-5
. 5-2
r «
4
3
10
4
•
Index (Horse. Age, Weight
|Pst St.
H-
%.
8tr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
f Op.
- Bettln* «
HI. CL PL
1330 Doublet. S 105 S 1
1341 Lost Girl, 6.. ....104 7 9
1388 Glissando. 3 101 8 8
1122 Rosalbra, S 107 10 4
1152 Royal Priie, g lO-J l u
1378 Decoy, 3 99 3 3
1334 Monda, 4 106 s 2
«0» Juva. 4 104 4 6
134S Naples. 4 104 9 7
13S3 Favorlto. 3 93 2 S
1336 Anita B. 3 104 11 10
13 13 12
• 3 61 4 1
6 1 4 1 2 h
S3 2 n 3 h
10 3 9 2 5 1
4 1 6 4 « 2
5 h 7 1 7 8
1 H W 10 9 1
8 H 8 3 10 8
2 h 32 81
11 11 11
1 H J. Daly
3* Cobuni
3 H Mounce ....
4 2 J. Woods.... •
5 1 Stuart ..
6 4 l.rgne
7H Enoa
8 H Tullett
9 2 K. Kelly....
10 10 J. Martin...
11 iVtckery ....
4
«
4
• 8
20
8-5
9
15
BO
30
30
5
7
•
13
30
6-3
13»
25
100
ISO
«0
6
«
IS
IS
8-5
10
20
iftO
150
SO
5-3
4-3
4
10
40
3rt
2a
:ndex] Horse and "Weight. JPstJ8t.
%-
%.
Btr.
Tin. I
Jockeys.
1, Betting \
J Op. HI. Cl. Pi.
Bob Palmer 10" S 4
Argregor 105 2 I
Haralamb 102 4 S
Golden 102 1 1
Cantlnua 105 8 6
4* I H
m t:
t h !'i
Ih 41
8 .6
I ¦
I
13 In J. Martin... <
3 5 1 1% J. Woods.... »-2
i n 3 4 O'Connor ... $-5
4 10 4 40 Wedderst'd 2
5 5 R. Murphy.. 20
15
5-2
»-2 '
2
4-7
11
3
" 4
. 1
80
4
M0
«-5
in
Steamer.
I Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Pomona . . . I Humboldt Not. ». 2 pm
Geo Elder. I Portland Nov. ». 11 am
Mandalay . Coqullle Riv.. Nov. 29, 10 am
Arcata .... Coos Bay Nov. 29. 10 am
Willamette 8eattle Nov. 80, 4 pm
Corona Newport.' Nov. SO. » am
Empire. Coos Bay Nov. SO. 4 pm
Rainier Seattle Dec. 1. 8 prn
Mexico ....Mexico Dec. 1. 12m
North Fork Humboldt Deo. 1. » am
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Deo. 1. J pm
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt 6d. Deo. J. tl am
Santa Rosa San Dleiro Dec. t. Inn
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 2. » am|
Zealandla .Honolulu Dec. J. Ipmi
gamoa Humboldt Dec. J, 10 am
Australia .. Tahiti Dec. 4. 4 pm
Columbia .. Portland, Dec. 4. 11 am
Bonita . Newport Dec. 4. » am
Del Norte.. Portl'd A C.B. Deo. 4. » am:
Queen San Diego Dec. 6, » am
Nip. Mara. China A Japan Dec. 6. 1 pm
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pl«»r U
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 27
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier^*
Pier 11
| Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 7
PterM
Pier 11
Pier »
Pier 11
PMSS
Sun rl»e«
Sun vets .
Moon set*
(first quarter)..
,i':io"t
.7:0*
.4:52
. m.
O Time
¦ t>
• • H W
29 ... *:1«
SO... «:«>
L W
1 ... 0:00
S ... 0:52
"»... 1:46
4 ... 2:35
5... 3:25
Time
Ft. Ft.
!• w -
"Ti 11:16 11
t.S 12:M 1.1
H W
1.6 «:45 B.8
1.0 7:29 «.O
J.S 8:12 6.3
2.6 9:57 6.5
2.9 9:41 6.5
Time *m;
H W
1:00 4.1
t-.n 4.2
L W
1:19 0.8
2:15 0.1
S:09 —0.5
3:53 —0.9
4:47 —1.2
I Time!
11:00
H W
7:U
8:M
10:01
11:00
11:571
"•
1.1
.....
4.2
4.3
4.4
4.S
4.S
Steamer.
Crescent City..
Santa Hosa....
Point Arena....
Warfleld .......
Rainier r........
L>el,Norte
Robert Dollar..
Samoa
Mackinaw, .....
Tltanla ».-.......
Eureka , ........
City of I Bjrdney
Columbia ......
Queen - .....;....
Bonlta .........
Pomona ....'....
Washtenaw ....
Crescent City.............
San Diego
Point Arena;
Oyster Harbor..:
Seattle.. ,...;...... i . ..:...
Portland and Cooa Bay.
Seattle
Humboldt.......
Seattle.....::.....;.;......
Nanalmo
Humboldt.................
New York via,. Panama
Portland ....... . . . ........
San Diego 4 Way Ports]
Newport and Way Ports
Eureka.
NRnalmo.. ................
Not. 29
Nov. »
Nov. 29
Nov. 29
Nov. 23
Nov. 80
Nov. 30
Nov. 30
Nov. 30
Nov. 30
Nov. 30
Dec. 1
Dec. I
Doc. 2
Dec. 3
Dec. . 2
Dec. 2
Janta Barbara. |Humboldt ........|I>c. J
Jmatllla Victoria A Puget Soundi Dec. 3
South Portland Seattle D*c« •
;orona Newport D«c- 5
leo. W. Elder. Portland Dec. C
Petticoats
AH silk taffeta petticoats, nicely tucked, accordion
plaited and ruffled in all the newest styles at
v. $IO.OO each
Wool moreen petticoats, well made with double flounce,
perfect fitting and in all the latest colors, at
$7,ZO each
Special Values in
Non-shrinkable
Ladies' Underwear
Ladies' unshrinkable wool, form fittingj ribbed com-
bination suits, medium weight, with long sleeves and
ankle length, ki white or natural color, price $2.25 a suit:
separate vests and < .awers in same quality, $1.25 each.
Ladies, unshrinkable wool, form fitting, ribbed com-
bination suits for winter wear, with long sleeves and
ankle length in white or natural color, price $2.75 a suit;
separate vests and drawers in same quality, $1.50 each.
Royaline Crape
Oriental and floral designed cotton crape, 36 inches
wide, suitable for light draperies and bed comforter
coverings, at 25c a yard
Figured Velours
An excellent quality of velours in Persian, floral and
conventional designs, 27 inches wide, suitable for- mantle
drapes, chair and couch coverings, cushion covers, etc.
price y r c a yard
White and colored linens for picture frames, holding
one, three or five photographs. each, stamped in floral,
oriental or dragon designs, special including frame, glass
and mat, prices '
90C and $1.00 each
Write for our new illustrated catalogue.
129 Kearny Street
DIED.
Behrs. Henry F. J. Ketteler. William
B&nks, Marj- F. Knight. George E.
Bull, Daniel M. McDonald, Mrs. Mary
Clancy, James T. Nugent, James
' Coffin, Mrs. Hannah Risk. William H.
. Connolly, Kate Sablatschan itiablat),
Crawford. Edmund John A.
' Doran. Mrs. Mary 6core. James
Drake. Mary A. Pewelow. Charles
Drucker, August Tims. Frank R.
. Eberhart, Maria Turner. Edith
Foster. Henry A. Varsi. Rev. Alovslus
Gahan. Michael W«-stOn. Olive G.
Johnson. Margaret Wilson. James D.
BAHRS— la- this city, November 27, 1S00, Henry
F. J., dearl? beloved and only son of John
and Amanda 3ahrs. and brother of Bertha
liahrs. a native of Ean Francisco, aged 16
vi?ars 1 month and 8 days.
C^FViends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 2S22 Eighteenth street,
between Banchet and Noe. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
BANKS — Passed to the higher Iif«*. In this city,
November 27, 1S00, at the residence of her sis-
ter, Mrs. Val Schmidt. 2216 Van Nees avenue,
Mary Fay Banks, bt-loved wife of Frank
Banks of Breckenridge, Colo., and sister of
Mrs: Val Bchroldt of San Francisco. Mrs. W.
g. Wilkinson of Cambridge. Henry County.
Illinois, and the late Harlpy Fay. a native of
Et. Clalr. Mich., aged 67 years 2 months anj
2 days. (Colorado and Illinois papers please
cer>')
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend ttye funeral this day (Thursday), at I
o'clock* from the cn»D«l of the Odd Fellows'
Crematory.
KULL— In Berkeley, November 58, 1800, Daniel
Miller Bull, a native of Georgia, aged 67
years 7 months and 25 days.
CLANCY— In Redding, November 25, 1900.
James T.. beloved eon of Peter and the late
Catherine Clancy, and brother of Minnie,
William. George and Emm*;tt Clancy, ana-
tlv* of Ean Francisco, aged 30 years 4 months
and 15 days.
cyrrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
( Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J C O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission etreet,
thence to Ft. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
oulem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at S o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
r-OFFlV— In Kelseyvtlle. LaJc* County. Cal..
"November 24. 15*0. Mrs. Hannah Cofnn.
CONNOLLY— In this city. NovAnber 27, 1SC0,
Kate beloved wife of the late John Connolly,
a native of the parish of MHJtown. County
Galwar. Ireland. ag*-d E2 years.
CTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday) at 8:20 o* clock, from the resi-
dence of her nlere, Mrs. Martin Hernan. 44
- Hoff avenue, thence to Mission Dolorei
Church where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock- Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
CRAWFORD— la thii city, November 27. 1300,
at his residence, 1021 Post etreet. Edmund M.
Crawford, aged 77 years. Fonnerly of A.
Crawford * Co. __
E7-F"unerai cervices this day (Thursday),
at 10:20 o'clock, at 1021 Poft street.
DORAN-In this city. November 27. 1900, Mrs.
Mary Doran. beloved wife of the late John
Doran. and elster of Samuel Burke, a native
of County Tipperary. Ireland, aged 60 years.
CTTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(TT.urr'lay). at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors
f.f 3. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission etreet,
thenc« to St. Charles Borromeo's Church,
Klghfenth and fihotweil streets, for services
at JO o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DRAKE— In Oakland. November 28. 1800, Mary
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
<Successor to Flan n a can & Gallagher)
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth Ft., -opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,'
n and 2J Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
f CKEEAL DIRECTORS AND EKBA.LKEK3.
Finest Equipment nt Moderate Rates.
of Ean Francisco.
MARRIED.
EERXHOFT- HAX."CJAN— la this city. Novem-
ber 2S. 1S*K>, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Jor-
frn Hernhcff and -L^na Haugan.
CORCHRAN-McCARTY— In this city, Novem-
ber "4. iw>o. by Thomas F. Ihinn, Justice of
the Peace. Jam's M. Corcoran and Mabel
McCa-rty. both of Ean Fra.nclscr>.
FRANZEN— FIEBIG— In this city, November
25, l&txi. by the Rev. Hermann Qchrclu, Wll-
helm H. F. Franzen and Louise Fiebig. both
of Han Francisco.
GRIFFIN— KIDD— In this city, November IS.
l!»f«0, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. G«orge
W. Griffin and Josie E. Kidd, both of San
Francisco. . '
TOTHAMER— SEESTED— In this city, Novem-
ber £6. 1S00. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander,
pastor of First English Lutheran Church.
Harry P. Tolhamer and Gertie Seested. both
• BORN.
DRIBCOLL— In this city. November 26. 1S00. to
• the wife of Jchn J. IMscoll. a son.
HALVERSON— In this city. November 28. 1900.
to the wife of Ed Halverson, a daughter.
MICHELS-In FruitvaJe. November IS. 1900. to
th? wife of X). Micliels. a ton.
WAKEMAN— In this city. November IS, 1900.
to th" wife of Robert Wakeman. a daughter.
B'.rtbj marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
fons authorized to have the same published.
ElRIHS-HARRIAGES-DEAm
Georce W. Cuniffe. 24. 565 Sixth street, and
Kate Crowley. 14. 229 Shipley street.
Agostino Ghiselli, 2S, 418V, Broadway, and
Conslglia Mlchaelotti, 21. 41S4 Broadway.
George H. Fay, 25. 3263 Mission street, and
Mamie Fogarty, 21, 74 Chesley street.
Henrv C. Nicholson, 21. Nevada City, and
Juha P. Shields, 22, city.
Burton Watson. 25, Valiejo, and Cecilia L
Lynch, ZS, Valiejo.
Harry E. Griffiths. S3. 2S33 Mission street.
and Atinie Wolf, 79, 2333 Mission street.
Benjamin Bogue. 24, 3420 Mission street, and
Hannah A. Denr.ison. 12. 119 London etreet.
William C. Eidenmuller. 43. E60 Lombard
street, and Goldie J. Rounds. 23. Alameda.
J.-*eph T. Grace. 25. Santa Rosa, and May
J. McPoua'.d. 22, city.
Joseph P. Deveny, 16. Virginia City, and
Mary T. Blake. 25, Virginia City.
Peter J. Cotter, SL 136S Stevenson street, and
Katse L. Hes.ley, U, 231 Hickory avenue.
Relnhold Rusio. 87, 1S2 Clara street, and Anna
G. Pesonen. 41. 122- Clara street.
John W. Haynes. Z'J, Ean Jose, and Julia K.
Fab«>r, 24, 6an Jore.
William J. Walsh, 2J. IIS Ellis street, and
Ethel M. Hlbbltt. IS, 128 Ellis Etreet.
l';y;=se Rouede, 34, South Ban Francisco, and
Jeanne Etchart. 37, South San Francisco.
George L. Brownlee, 36, Najia, and Drule
CutlT. 22. Valiejo.
Charles Reichmuth. 44, 123^ Fair Oaks street,
and Johanna L. Engelbrecht, 32, 1S2 Lexington
avenue.
George Johann*. Zi. C2 Natoma street, and
J«n' E. Howarth. ?4. 703 Broderick street.
Andrew Thome, 17, city, and Grace G. Con-
rcy, ££, city.
James O. Baird. 13. 120 Gilbert street, and
I'.essie A. Ferguson. 17. 611 Seventh street.
Frank Keves, £5, 12«9 Geary street, and Mary
A. Smith, ti. 26114 Suiter street.
William T. Kasclmitzky. 27, 3117 Sacramento
Etreet. and Tlllle Mlchaelis. 24, 2117 Sacra-
¦ Tiie following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
2MABRIAGE LICENSES.
BIDS TIANTED-Notlce is hereby given that
f-ealed proposals will be received by the Board
c.f Directors of the Veterans' home of Cali-
fornia, at Us office, room 13. 310 Sansome st
Ean Francisco. Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a m
SATURDAY. December 8. 190» and ooe^ed
immediately thereafter In (he presence ofbid?
cprs, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
T;^ r T?^ co " lml *-l ! "->' supplies for the Vet-
Tfrn %-",T •,, N , ep f Coum >-. C»>- (railroad sta-
tion Tountviue). for six months commenolng
Janury 1 1901. and ending June 30. 190L Sched*
u 'i s __.* ! . th ln -ormation and instructions for
Fubntftting bids will be furnished upon applu
S*M C V y th * u «<>"i*T,ed. Bidders wnicjrel
fully follow the conditions of the schedules!
ar.d no bid will be considered unlefl H tata
accordance with such schedules. Each bidder
Bant accompany his bid with a certified check
upon, some well-known and responsible bank-
,^g house for at least 10 per cent of th#
• mount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
\. r ; n *''. treaEUr * r . ccnUliior.ed that the bidder
wL enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
l".Cs stnd to order any quantity over or under
tl-.e amount er>ecifled
Address J. J. 6COVILLE. Secretary Board
cl Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
.ornia. room li. J:o Eanaome et.. San Fran-
cj5co, Cal. By order or the Board of Direc*
tn rs.- . J. J. SCOVILLK. Secretary. >
PROPOSALS.
DIVIIIKM) NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. Ill (fifty
cent* r er share.) of the Oc;anic Steamship
Comi*ny will be payable at the office of the
cempany. 327 Market et.. on and after Patur-
'. cay. December 1, i9oo. Transfer books will
close en Saturday, November 24. 1900. at 12 m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary <
Jl VriiWUITEKS AXD SUPPLIES?
CHEAT BARGAINS IN
tell better machines for. less money than any
house in the city; rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E36 California; telephone Main 261
Al WAYS bargains in typewriters; any makeT
T\rite for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery et.
ROrORT »nd sold; new, and second-band; large
airplay; very cheap. 1167 Market.bet. 7th & Sth.
TOUNG MEN'S CATHOLIC UNION— A re-
quiem high mass for the repose of the souls
of deceased members of the Young Men's
Catholic Union will be celebrated In St.
Mary's Cathedral at 10 o'clock, this day
? Thursday). The relatives and friends of
d^eared members are respectfully invited to
attend.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 616 Webster street, near Hayes. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery-
SEWELOW— In the City and County Hospital,
November 27, 1900, Charles Sewelow, a native
of Germany, aged £0 years.
TIMS— In this city. November 27, 1300, Frank
R. Tims, father of Mrs. Lillian Madden, a
native of Canada, aged 46 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 94« Mission street. Ipter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TURNER— In this city, November 28, 1900,
Edith, beloved daughter of Mrs. Bessie Tur-
ner, and sister of Ernest, Llllle. Bella and
Julia Turner, a native of Gage County, Ne-
braska, aged 21 years 3 months and 6 days.
VARSI— In this city, at St. Ignatius College,
November 27. 1900, Rev. Aloyslus Varsi. S. J..
a nbtive of Italy, aged 70 years 8 months and
1$ days.
C7The remains of the deceased father were
placed in the chapel of the Gentleman's So-
dality on Wednesday, at 2 o'clock, and will
be brought to the church this (Thursday)
evening, where the office of the dead will
be recited at S:30 o'clock. A requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
to-morrow (Friday), at 9 o'clock. Interment
Fanta Clara, by 10:50 o'clock train from Va-
lencia and Twenty-fifth streets.
WESTON— In this city, November 28, 1900,
Olive G.' Weston. a native of East Machlas,
Me., aged S5 years 6 months and 26 days.
CTFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, in the chapel of
Old I'eocle's Home, corner Pierce and Scott
streets. Interment private.
WILSON— In this city, November K. l»00.
James D. Wilson, aged 60 years. A member
ef the Boilermakers' Union Lodge N"o. 72,
Portland, Or. (Portland, Or., papers please
copy.)
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
near Fourth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
A., beloxed wife of Ira K. Drake, a native of
MI&eisEippl. aged 32 years.
DRUCKER— In this city, November 28.. 1900.
August Drucker, dearly beloved husband 'of
Rosa Drucker, and father of Mrs. J. E. Mac-
Nirtiol, Mrs. A. W. Wilson, Mrs. F. YV. But-
ler and August E. and Dr. George I. Drucker,
aged 73 years and 10 days.
EBERHART— In this city. November 26, 1900.
Maria Eberhart (nee Wille), dearly beloved
¦wife of Joseph Eberhart, beloved' mother of
Mrs. Fred Gamma and Annie Eberhart.
grandmother of Arthur Gamma, and cousin
of Andrew Schneider, a native of Wurtem-
berp. Germany, aged 39 years 8 months and
J6 daj-s.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of th* Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany. 1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's Church. Gold-
en Gate avenue, between Jones and Leaven-
worth streets, for services commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
FOSTER— In Berkeley, November 28, 1900,
Henry A. Foster, husband of Mary Foster,
'and lather of Harry W., George H., Charles
T. Frank E. and Grace T- Foster and Mrs.
George H. Strieker, a native of Scltuate,
Ma;?., aged 77 years 6 months and 26 days.
GAHAN— In this city. November 27, 1900, Mich-
ael Gahan, a native of Virginia, aged 59
years.
GTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market etreet, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Brendan's
Cliurch for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .
JOHNSON— In this city. November 28, 1900,
Margaret Johnson, beloved mother of Thomas
J.. William C, Fred J. and Carrie L. John-
Fon. a native of Manchester. England, aged
SO years 2 months and 14 days.
lC7"Ftlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from James Hagan's
undertaking parlors. 445 Valencia street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KETTELER— In the City and County Hospital.
November 27, 1900, William Ketteler. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 50 years.
KNIGHT— In French Camp Hospital, San Joa-
<iuin County. November 27, 1S00, George E.
Knight, only son of Mary B. and the late
Woodbury Knight of San Francisco, aged "3
years. ¦ •
CrServlces this day (Thursday), at 1
o'clock, at the funeral parlors of N. Gray &
Co., 641 Sacramento street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. —
McDONALD— In this city, November 2S, 1900,
Mrs. . Mary McDonald, a native of Ireland,
ared 54 years.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Fridny), at 10 o'clock, from the Chanel of
the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hospital.
¦where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 7:15 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
NUGENT— In the City and County Hospital,
November 2S, 1900, James Nugent, a native
of Ireland, azed E3 years.
KISK— In the City and County Hospital, No-
vember IS, 1900, William H. Risk, a native
of California, aged 32 years.
SABLATSCHAN (SABLAT)— In this city. No-
vember IS. 1900, .John August, beloved son of
John and Matilda Sablatschan. and brother
of Mrs. William Alpen and Lena, Edward,
Laura and Katie Sablatschan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years 9 months and 6 days.
SCORE— In this city. November 27, 1900. James,
beloved husband of Delia Score, a native of
Ireland, aged 72 years 10 months and 15 days.
SLOT MACUINES.Taxpayers may--.like to study Into the
subject at once, and The Call furnishes
figures taken 'from the municipal reports
to assist in such consideration. The first
striking fact ¦ observable, outside of the
increase in the price paid for the hydrants,
is that while- every Board of Supervisors
in late years has announced a reduction
in water rates the income' of the Spring
Valley Water Company has steadily
grown. Nine years ago the payments of
the city and county government for water
for public uses amounted to $SS,3D5 06. For
the fiscal year of '1898-99 the amount was
$243.165 50. The increase therefore was
$156,660 44. In the same period the reduc
tions to the private ratepayers was only
the 'difference bet-weep-- $1,516,232 54 and
$1,490,92155. or $25.310 99, leaving the com
pany a winner to the amount of $125,000
per annum on the basis of the last year
named in round figures by the increase in
the price paid by the citv and county, and
making full allowance for the reductions
to ratepayers. The growth of the charges
against the municipality Is Indicated by
the following table, which has been care-'
fully prepared from official records:
Figuratively speaking 1 , a bombshell may
be thrown among San Francisco's Super
visors as they sit to consider water rates
for the next fiscal year. In ten years the
rate for water for fire hydrants has been
doubled by successive Boards of Super
visors. The annual payments for hydrants
have grown from $47,567 50 to $206,330. The
city and county pays $60 per annum for
water for each hydrant, no matter where
it is located or whether, it is ever used.
The total increase has been 241 per cent
of the amount paid in l&9O-9i. - There is
only one explanation supplied by those
who have looked into the subject, and
that Is that hydrant rates have been put
up to permit rates to householders to be
reduced. As a matter of fact the hydrant
proposition is an annual "Joker." The
present Board of Supervisors Is likely to
be asked to explain. One Supervisor,
Charles Wesley Reed, already says that
he favors making a flat or stated allow
ance for hydrants annually.
"I do not care to be Interviewed about
rates," said Mr. Reed, "for I am sitting
now as a Judge, but I do not mind saying
that in my opinion the number of
hydrants has no relation whatever to the
amount of water supplied to the city for
fire purposes. If the hydrant water is
paid for by the city there should be a
lump sum so that there shall be no reduc
tion in the number of hydrants, for such
reduction means less protection against
fire. The scheme of direct taxation for
the purpose of lowering the, price paid by
the individual consumer Is a deception. It
is a three-thimble, trick. Those who us©
the water ought to pay for it." Mr. Reed
also said, that 1 he proposed to call atten
tion to the charges for hydrants later on.
Prices Paid by City DoubU
What ;They Were Ten
Years Ago.
HYDRANT RATES
GROWING LARGER
In the case of Annie J. Pronk vs. the
estate of Jesse Sheldon Potter in Judge
Dalngerfijld's court a verdict of $1200 for
plaintiff was returned by the Jury yester
day. The suit was brought to recover
$3468 alleged to be due for services as a
nurse from April to September, 1899.
When the case was called yesterday
morning the defense recalled Charles H.
Palmer for further examination. Palmer
simply reiterated his' statement that in
his opinion Potter was not ill enough to
lequire the services of a nurse during the
period Mrs. Pronk alleges such was the
case. Charles W. Glldden and James W.
Peck were called and expressed the same
opinion. Mrs. Pronk was recalled on her
own behalf and reiterated her assertion
that she 'was Potter's constant attendant.
Attorney Thomas A. Keogh opened the
argument on behalf of the plaintiff, Wal
ter Cope followed for the defense and J. C.
Campbell closed for the plaintiff. During
the argument counsel at times broadened
in their insinuations reflecting on the op
position until they almost assumed the
nature of open charges of extortion, per
jury and unprofessional conduct. An open
rupture was avoided, however, the case
went to the jury and a verdict was ren
dered as related.
MRS. PRONK WINS SUIT
AGAINST POTTEB. ESTATE
Jury Awards Her $1200 for Her Ser
%\i vices- as a Nurse for Six
, Months.
The hall was gayly decorated with the
tricolor and there was music and speech
making and a mutual pledging of health
and prosperity In an excellently well
brewed punch. The committee of arrange
ments consisted of P. A. Bergerot, chair
man; J. S. Godeau, treasurer; P. Delsol,
E. Blanquie and E. Glraud.
The speakers of the evening were J. M.
Dupas, A. Goustiaux P. A. Bergerot and
E. Raas. Mr. Goustiaux pledged a toast
to France. Bergerot answered with a
bumper to McKlnley and Mr. Raas asked
the company to drink to the health of Mr.
Grau.
The artist guests of the evening; were
T. de la Tour.. Marcel Journet, Eugene
Sizes and Albert Saleza.
In Red Men's Hall last evening, the
French colony gave a delightful recep
tion In honor of their compatriots, artists
of the Grau Opera Company,
Artists of the Grau Company Enter
tained by Their Fellow
Countrymen.
FRENCHMEN HONOR
STARS OF THE OPERA
employed by Mozart, Verdi and Gounod I
must leave for decision to those more
skilled in musical matters.
L. DUPONT SYLE.
Samuel G. Murphy, president of the
First National Bank, will not recover $73,
908 10 which was assigned to him by James
McDonald of the Pacific Bank. The Judg
ment given against Murphy In the lower
court was affirmed by the Supreme Court
yesterday. The Pacific Bank failed on
June 23, 1S93. Previous to the crash Mc-
Donald loaned the bank out of his private
fortune the sum In litigation, assigning
the claim to Murphy. Mr. Murphy sued
to recover the amount, but the lower
court held that it was not a loan, but
a deposit, and that McDonald, being a
stockholder, was not entitled to any of
the dividends being paid In course of liqui
dation; that he was not entitled to receive
a penny until ali the depositors were paid
up. The Supreme Court found no reason
to reverse the decision of the lower court
and therefore affirmed the decision.
Money Assigned to Sim by
James McDonald.
FINAL DECISION IN
PACIFIC BANK CASE
President Murphy Will Not Recover
• • •
The closer you look at it. the more, 1
am sure, will you be convinced that
"Siegfried" is not an opera at all. but a
badly constructed drama; legitimate
material for dramatic criticism. The most
telling and beautiful devices of operatic
composers— quartets, sextets, choruses
are studiously avoided; musical declama
tion by single characters is closely ad
hered to until the last few bars of the
last act. "Whether such declamation is a
higher or a lower form of art than that
Third— As to dullness. The essentials
of a good drama are an interesting story,
variety passion, imagination, beauty. Jn
"Siegfried." Wagner has drawn his story
from the storehouse of a. mythology that
may amuse or frighten children, but can
hardly interest men and women. His
treatment is on a level with the poverty
of his theme: Siegfried alone carries
nearly all the first two acts with very
little of that clash and conflict with oth
ers which Is essential to the drama. .Not
until the last act does there come any
thing that rouses aught but a languid In
terest in the story. Then, be it noticed,
by bad economy of means Wagner has so
exhausted his tenor, that it is impossible
for him to do himself justice.
MITH the hard and .fast
conventions of Italian
opera dramatic criticism
has. nothing to do. These
conventions are above
or beneath criticism,
whichever 'you please;
in either case they lie outside the province
of those who ask from the drama a not
incredible representation of human life.
With Wagnerian opera it Is different.
The founder of that school proclaimed his
compositions to be "music dramas." and
as dramas they are largely lauded by
those who believe Wagner to be a great
I poet as well as a great musician. "Sieg
fried." I suppose, is fairly representative
! of Wagner, the dramaturgist; 1 saw it
excellently performed last night at the
Grand Opera-house and followed it with
an earnest desire to. conform myself unto
the pattern of the Perfect Wagnerite. To
my s=hame and sorrow, I must confess I
completely failed. "Siegfried" as a drama
is, in my opinion, puerile, tedious and dull.
First as to the puerility. What shall we
say of a serious drama that introduces
dancing bears and pasteboard dragons?
Are we back in the days of the bear-bait
ing Elizabethans, or is this really a mas-
I ter stroke of the great Wagner's that
I must shake our souls with pity and ter
ror? (1 quote from the orllcial libretto):
"Sslegfnea confronts Fafnir; the latter
creeps more over the knoll and spits from
his nostrils at him. Siegfried springs
aside. Fafnir curls his tail forward 10
reach Siegfried, but he avoids ft and
springs over the back of the dragon with
a bound. As the tail follows him and al
most reaches him be wounds it with his
sword. Fafrir hastily draws back his
tail, roars r.nd raises tne tore part of his
bodv In order to throw its full weight
sideways upon Siegfried, thus exposing
his breast to him. Siegfried quickly espies
the position of his heart ami plunges his
sword there up to th<? very hut. Fafnir
rears still higher In pain and sinks down
: upon the wound, while Siegfried leaves go
of the sword and springs aside."
Second— As to the tediousness. This is
bestowed upon us with a kingly lavish
ness worthy of Dogberry. Every trivial
thought is repeated over and over again
until you wonder if it .will ever succeed
in "getting itself done," as Carlyle would
say. The action Ftar.ds still and the stage
is oven left at times vacant. What musi
cal effect may be gained from this, I am
not competent to say; dramatically. I am
sure St Is absurd.
Wagi\eriar\ .pVoductiorv Is Characterized as Puerile,
Tedious ar\d Exasperatir\gkj Dull.
"SIEGFRIED" VERY WEARISOME
AND MORE DRAMA THAN OPERA
The young lady did not tell her parents
her plans, but yesterday a messenger con
veyed the news to the Tamm home and
the couple are waiting anxiously for a
reconciliation.
The young lady being 20 years of age,
did -not need her parents' consent, so no
difficulty was experienced when her
fiance applied for a marriage license. Os
born is well known in San Francisco and
he has appeared In print before because
of his bravery while a member of the
First California Regiment in the Philip
pines. Mr. Skinner, head bartender at
the Palace, and his wife went over to
Oakland with the couple and witnessed
the ceremony, which took" place at the
home of the Rev. Van de Mark. The
party came back to this city on the last
ferry-boat > Tuesday night and yesterday
Osborn was on duty as if nothing had
happened.
The young woman's father, who owns
considerable property in this city, nnd
who is reputed to be quite well-to-do, was
from the iirst opposed to Osborn having
anything to do with his daughter, and he
is said to have ordered him from the
'house on several occasions. It finally be
came necessary' for the couple to hold
clandestine meetings. But this sort of
thing grew wearisome to both and so it
was planned to run away and get mar
ried.
The beginning of this love affair, which
has had such a romantic ending, dates
back to the childhood days of Osborn and
his bride. They resided in the same block
on Haight street, and meeting each other
almost dally the acquaintance soon
ripened into friendship, and then Cupid
took a hand. J
Because her father objected to the
match, pretty, auburn haired Dora Tamm
eloped with William F. Osborn, the popu
lar bartender at the Occidental Hotel,
Tuesday evening, and the couple are now
living at the home of H. C. Skinner, hav
ing been married in Oakland.
Girl's Parents Objected to Match, So
the" Couple Steal Over to Oak
land and Are Secretly
Married.
Bartender William Osborn
Elopis With Pretty
Dora Tainm
PAPA OUTWITTED,
CUPID TRIUMPHS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1900.
• At a = meeting. of the" Sons' of- Exempts
held Tuesday evening ' a committee ' was
appointed' to arrange. for a; grand fsmoker
to : be ¦ given ¦'¦ in • the • old * engine house ¦ on
Brenham place on the night of. Decem-
Sons of J Exempts.
V&sco de Gama Grove of the United
Ancient Order of Druids will on next Sun
day night give a grand entertainment and
ball In Unfon-square Hall, in honor of the
two hundred and sixtieth anniversary of
the restoration of the Independence of
Portugal. There will 'be presented a mu
sical and literary programme appropriate
to the occasion.: , . . .-
Independence of Portugal.
: Ralpha » Riehl, ; the '¦''. three-month-old in
fant of ; Mr. \ and Mrs.- Riehl of ; 34 ' Rincon
place, iwas smothered in its - cradle -last
Tuesday i night.v The child was i placed * in
its__cradle at 9 o'clock; in t the: evening and
at o o'clock: yesterday morning the mother
took it up to feed it. but found that it was
dead. An examination of. the body showed
that* it : had .been "accidentally" suffocated.
The case has • been ¦ reported >: to Coroner
Cole.'. . ' , • -. ¦ * .¦¦":•
Infant Accidentally ! Smothered.
Beginning with the. fiscal year ending
June 30, 1891, the total . receipts of the
Spring Valley Company, as reported to the
Supervisors, have by years been as fol
lows: • /
- 1S91, $1,624,546 07:" 1S92, J1.674.82S 98: 1833. |1.
655.338 04: 1894. - $1.67S,223 01: 1S35. $1,707 234 15
1R9«. $l,78S.690 16; 1897/ $l,7».ra« 63: ' 1898. $1.S33.
362 05. Here the record In the municipal re
ports ends for the present.
No one can be found at the City Hall
who can < t satisfactorily explain - why the
price of hydrant water has doubled In ten
years. In 1S90 .1 the rate was $2 50 per
hydrant per month. Now it la S3 per
month. . .
To-morrow (Friday), between , 10 a. m.'
and 2 p. m. On sale— 1000 pairs ladies', fine
shoes, ;. all . sizes, widths * and up-to-date
styles for $1 65; worth $4 and $5- a pair.
Only one pair to each customer. The
Standard, 1029 Market, bet. 6th and- 7th
streets. •, , •
Four Hours' Grace Given.
Isabella Ward of 526?i Pacific street' yes
terday swore to a complaint In Judge Mo
gan's court charging Trudie Purse with
assault with a deadly weapon. Both are
colored. The trouble occurred in. a saloon
at 433 Pacific street Tuesday night. After
some dispute as to who was the "bully of
Pacific street" Trudie, so Isabella alleges,
drew a dirk and slashed the other girl on
the forehead and chin before the weapon
could be taken from her.
Colored Girl Used a Dirk.
ried, Rev. - S. C. Keetch officiating. :
The bride, was attended. by, her sister,
Miss Ida Rounds, and H. L. Slosson.was
best man. John Gleason officiated -as
groomsman.
The bride, who is the daughter of Mrs.
Emma Farmer Rounds of Vallejo, looked
extremely pretty in her dainty gown of
white organdie over white silk. A veil
and wreath of orange blossoms .completed
the charming costume. Miss Rounds, ; the
maid of honor, wore a white organdie
gown over pink,. and Miss May Osborne,
the little ringbearer, wore a pretty frock
of red tulle over red sllkr
After the ceremony a dinner was served
in the banquet hall of the hotel. , This
morning . Dr. and Mrs. • Eidenmuiler 5 will
leave for a southern trip and on their re
turn will occupy their new home on Lom
bard street. "
Banquet Follows ths ' Eidenmuller
. Rounds Wedding at the Call
fornia Last Evening.: ,
In th« parlor of the California' Hotel last
evening. Dr. William Cooper Eldenmuller
and Miss Goldie Jane < Rounds 'were -mar-
PRETTY VAXIiEJO; BEXLE *^;I,
; 1;; IS . BRIDE OF A DOCTOR
Old and Well-Known Resident and
Former, Supervisor,: Succumbs
to Attack of Grip.
¦August Prucker, an old, and well-known
resident of San Francisco and at one time
a Supervisor/died yesterday, at his home,
1456 Fulton street. Death was due to an
attack, of the grip. " The ¦ funeral ; will be
held Saturday under the auspices of Doric
Lodge No.' 216, F. and A. M.
-k Deceased -was born In Germany in . 1827.
He came to America when, he .was 19 years
old, landing at-New Orleans. He came to
California by the Isthmus route, arriving
here in 1851. In 1854 he married Miss Rose
Ihmer, and three sons and: three daugh
ters were born to them— Dr. W. E. Druc
ker,,who died In 1889; Dr. George I. Druc
ker, president of the State Board of Den
tal , Lxamlners and ; former School Direc
tor; August Drucker, Mrs. A: W.Wilson,
Mrs. F. W. Butler, principal of, the Jack
son Primary School, and Mrs. . J. j Mac
£Jlchol, a teacher in the Fremont Primary
School. *~ ,-,.-;
In 1873 Mr. Drucker was elected Super
visor from the First Ward, being the only
successful candidate on the Taxpayers'
ticket. For the last ftfteen years prior to
his death he was president of , th© Na
tional Building and Loan Association and
of the Aetna Building and Loan Associa
tion. . : " .
" Mr.' Drucker was a' charter member of
Harmony, Lodge No. 13. I. O: O. F., s and a
member of Doric Lodge No. 216. F. and A.
M.y and of San Francisco Chapter No. 1,
R.-A.:M.-. ¦:.; , • ¦-.' -¦ .,.:- :_.'.': - - \ ¦ : - :
AUGUST ,DRUCKEE. DIES
AFTER 'SHORT ILLNESS
Yesterday morning about 10 o'clock A.
Pardini, proprietor of the hotel, opened
his sale and was startled by the discovery
that $810 which he had deposited there
was missing. A large portion of the
money belonged to Condlto Andreucetti, a
rancher from. Sacramento. The proprietor
at once reported the case to the police
and detectives were sent out on It. About
the time that Pardini found that he had
been robbed his son, in company with the
other' two suspects, was found to be
missing.
Pardini pays that he locked the interior
compartment- of -the safe and placed the
combination, on the outer door before re
tiring last night. He left his son in charge
of the place and the boyalone knew the
combination. The. proprietor thinks that
Todino induced his son to obtain the coin
and probably used the other boy as a tool.
The detectives arrested an Italian, who
Is said to have some Information as to the
whereabouts of .the missing .money and
placed his name on, the detinue book.
A bold safe robbery was committed in
the II Capltano Hotel at 702 Front street,
Tuesday night. Nearly $1000 was taken
and the persons wanted by the detectives
for the crime are James Pardini and Fred
Fregnoria, two- 13-year-old boys, the for
mer a-son of the proprietor, and Vlncenzo
Todino, a laborer twelve years their sen
ior. *
Large Amount of Money
Stolen Prom^Hotel on
Water Front.
BOYS SUSPECTED
OF ROBBING SAFE
A controversy has been going on for
the last two weeks In which the principals
are General Shatter and Captain D. J.
Rumbaugh, Third Artillery adjutant
at tije Presidio. A difference of opinion
concerning the right of the two companies
of convalescents at the post to the bene
fits of the canteen and poet exchange
caused the conflict.
The men of the convalescent companies
spend their money at the post and get/no
benefit from the 10 per cent profit made
on the goods sold. On the other hand, the
men of the Eighteenth Infantry and Third
Artillery receive at the end of every quar
ter the profits of the concern. The con
valescent companies petitioned Captain
Rumbaugh to be allowed to buy in, there
by placing themselves on an equal footing
with the infantry and artillery manning
the post. This petition Captain Rum
baugh, as president of the board manag
ing the affairs of the exchange, saw tit 10
reiuse, claiming that convalescents
formed no regular organization and were
not entitled to a share of the profits.
The matter was brought to the atten
tion of General Shatter, who disagreed
with Rumbaugh, claiming that at the time
the laws relating to the post exchange
were made convalescent companies were
rot thought of, consequently no provision
was made for them.. In his opinion they
were part of the regular organization and
as such had every right to increase their
company funds with a share of post ex
change profits. An order was issued by
General Shatter directing the exchange
board to sell to the convalescent com
panies a share in the post business con
cern, which gives the men a right to a
portion of the money accruing.-
Rumbaugh still contends that his judg
ment is correct and has forwarded to
Washington official documents supporting
his claim. In the meantime the men who
spend their money at the canteen and post
store will receive a portion of it back in
the way of dividends.
Chaplain W. D. McKinnon. U. S. A., re
ceived orders yesterday assigning him to
duty in the Philippines. He will go out
on the Meade.
Lieutenant Colonel James R. Campbell,
Thirtieth Infantry, has been ordered to
Manila on the Meade. He will report to
the commanding general for assignment
to duty.
One hospital steward and eighteen pri
vates frpm Fort McDowell and eighteen
privates from the general hospital at the
•Presidio and one private from the post
hospital have been assigned to duty in
the Philippines and will sail on the Meade.
Ralph Hannum, private. Company E,
Seventeenth Infantry, died yesterday at
the general hospital of tuberculosis.
Despite Efforts of Captain
Rumbaugh They Buy
Into Exchange.
CONVALESCENTS
AND DIVIDENDS
An animated contest for chief clerksh'p
of the Assembly is promised. The com
pensation of the office is $8 per day.
Among the- leading candidates : for the
place are H. S. Wanzer.of Santa Cruz
and Clio Lloyd of Santa Barbara.. .
Alden Anderson, who made an excellent
record as Speaker-in the regular and ex
tra sessions of the last Legislature., will,
no doubt, be' re-elected. The aspirants for
subordinate legislative positions who have
traveled throughout the State Interview
ing in their own . behalf members-elect
report that his re-election is : every where
conceded. Mr. -Anderson is at home m
Suisun attending to his business affairs.
Voluntary assurances 'of support received
bylhim from Assemblymen in- northern,
eouthern and central .counties . convince
him that he will be called to the speaker
ship. .¦> , -, . ¦:
The office of sergeant-at-arms of the
Senate pays $6 a day, to say nothing of
perquisites. In the good old days the
"perqs" were worth considering. If the
sergeant-at-arms had to summon twenty
witnesses in San .Francisco to attend a
committee's inquiry in Sacramento mile
age was charged "against -the .contingent
fund for every subpoena served. -
J. Louis Martin of this. city, who was
Senate sergeant-at-arms at the last ses
sion, will doubtless be chosen'again.'Indi
cations are that he will have no opposi
tion, t . ¦¦-"..¦ • .
Frank J. Brandon of San Jose seems to
have a clear field for another term as
secretary of the Senate. The slight oppo
sition organized shortly after the election
has vanished. He will probably be chosen
without opposition, although the six Dem
ocratic Senators may caucus ; and decide
to give a candidate of their own political
faith a complimentary vote.
Apparently No Further Doubt
As to Result of Speaker
ship Contest.
ANDERSON SURE
TO BE ELECTED
IIERR DIPPEL, THE FAMOUS "SVAGNERIAN TENOR, WHO SANG
SPLENDIDLY THE LEADING ROLE IN "SIEGFRIED" AT THE
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE LAST NIGHT.
Proving Mrs. Hoyt's Will.
The petition asking for the admittance
to probate of the will of the late Mrs.
Jennie Hoyt. who conducted the Whit«j
Star laundry, was taken up for hearing
by Judge Troutt yesterday. Decedent*. 5 ?
signature on the testament was identified
by George E. Ames, after which a con
tinuance until December 6 was ordered.
Steamer Zealandia Arrives.
The Oceanic Company's steamer Zea
landia arrived , in port at 12:45 this morn
ing, six days and twenty hours from Hon
olulu/ She dropped anchor off the quar
antine station.
12
TEAR ENDING
JUNE 30.
88
la
; r>
. •%
¦ '. ?
1891....
lsoi.. .........;;...
1893..;
1R04 ' "
1895...........
1S3«..
1897.....
1S9S....V...... ..............
$ 41.695 00
44.383 00
52.167 50
55,135 00
M.520 00
167.480 00
171.680 00
206.330 00
} SS.505 06
83.9W 13
M.228 15
&>.«»$ 33
137.235 73
213.917 73
228.0S7 07
215.185 50
TEAR ENDING
JUNE 30.
88
la
; r>
. •%
¦ '. ?
1891....
lsoi.. .........;;...
1893..;
1R04 ' "
1895...........
1S3«..
1897.....
1S9S....V...... ..............
$ 41.695 00
44.383 00
52.167 50
55,135 00
M.520 00
167.480 00
171.680 00
206.330 00
} SS.505 06
83.9W 13
M.228 15
&>.«»$ 33
137.235 73
213.917 73
228.0S7 07
215.185 50
If I feel badly now I at once take two
or three doses, and I find it keeps me in
fine, health. Peruna is -worthy of every
one's confidence. Yours respectfully,
WM. UBELAKER.
It Is only just ordinary good, com-
mon sense to provide against inclement
weather. If you have the slightest cold,
cough, sneezing or any other indication
that you are "under the weather," a few
doses of Peruna will put you right.
Don't wait for the catarrh to fasten It-
self upon you before you begin your treat-
ment. Peruna ¦will cure very^Id cases of.
chronic catarrh, but it takes much longer
than as If the treatment had been begun
earlier. .
Every family should be provided with
a bottle of Peruna early in November,
with which to successfully meet and over-
come the terrors of the winter that awaits
them.
One of my lodge friends advised me to
try Peruna, as it had helped him, and I
found that a bottle cured me.
Wm. Ubelaker, President of the Lake
View Lodge of Foresters, writes from
3?27 North Clark st., Chicago, 111., th©
following letter:
The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus, O.:
Gentlemen: For years past when I have
been exposed to wet or Inclement weather
my chest would hurt me and I would have-
serious Indigestion, and I would be laiu up
for a day or two, causing inconvenience
and pain.
P resident Wm. Ubelaker Uses Pe-
runa as a Safeguard Against
Inclement Weather.
One of the most common forms of ca-
tarrh among delicate women la catarrh
or the pelvic organs. This leads to a host
of maladies which hrtve been called fe-
male diseases. But the. wise physicians
recognize In these cases the same old
enemy, chronic catarrh. Catarrh Is ca-
Inclement Weather Begins
The Last of November
Inclement weather begins in No-
vember. 7 he great objection to our
climate is that it alternates between
the heat of the tropics and the rigors
of the Arctic.
The system becomes relaxad by the
effects of the heat, and the first cold
snap of November sows the seed of
thousands of cases of chronic ca-
tarrh which in a large per cent of
cases will end fatally.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
EATABLES AND 03INKABLES THAT ASS
FUSE AT 6SEATLT REDUCED PRICES.
HAMS, lb I2ic
Finest Eastern Suffar-Cured. Rerulirly 14c.
CANNED FRUITS, can 15c
¦ "Century Brand."
Peaches, Pears, Apricots and Plums, select-
ed fruits in heavy syrup. Regularly 20c. •
COCOANUT, Ibi 15c
Desiccated ' and Shredded. For Cakes and
Custards. Regularly 20c. > ». . ¦ •
CANDY, Mb box 30c
Finest quality of French Mixed.
Elsewhere 50c.
YELLOWSTONE WHISKEY—
Full qt bot $1.00, gal S4.G0
Regularly $1.35 and $5.00.
SILVER PRUNES, 3 lbs 25c
Latest crop— fine flavor. Rejrularly 2 lbs Zje.
SALAD DRESSING, bot 25c
Mrs. Heerman's celebratea make.
Regularly 30c.
CIGARS, " La Reputation"
4 for 25c, box of 50 S3. 00
A flns large Key West Cigar, clear Havana
Tobacco. Regularly 3 lor 25c. box 13.50.
C3UNTBY ORDERS SOLICITED.
BIRD TOR CATALOGUE FAEE.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
Telephone. Main 5522.
i Special rilQQ
sale of rUnui 'I
) **Sfl*i.-i;j »J ' Dressing at
\ 'I short notice.
) AD. KOCOUR,
) RELIABLE FURRIER.
\ 121 POST STREET.
( (Dont's Mistake the * Number.)
) Rooms 7 to 11* Phone Black ZUX
...DR.MCNDLTY. ,
THIS WEfX-KXOWN AND RKLIABLE OtC M
.1 Speelallstcwr* Blood Poison, Gonorrhcaa.ftteet, y AT^'
Htrtcturf, f •mtiittl Weakness. Impotence and their
•Ilted Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men, fre*
Overa>years>xp*nenc«». Terms reasonable. Hoorv
I 9to3dany;8::»to^.30eT'srs.Rnnd.iys.lOM>12.C.>n.-.o!-
tatlon free and sacredly confidential. Call o>* address
p.roncoe Mcxui/nr, m.d.
20 J>; Kearny St., Man Frauciaco, C&I.
As a tonic, nothing 'in the world beats Jesse
Moore "AA" whisker.
See the display of diamond and pearl brooche«
a: Rudolph; Barth's,: Jeweler. ; 141 Post street. . •
> . ADVERTISEMENTS.
Newest shapes, designs and
colors. Artist's dreams in
beauty. .
Parlor Lamps
Art Lamps •
Antique Lamp
Metal Lamps
Copper Lamps
Boudoir Lamps
Our. Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Great AniBrinaTiTniTinrtiiio; Tea Go
CITY STORES.
210 Grant Ave., bet. Post and Butter.
,861 Market St., opp. Powell.
140 Sixth 8t. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third St. ISlODevtsaderoSt.
.146 Ninth St. " 2008 Fillmore St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 521 Montgomery Av.
2516 Mission St. 3285 Mission St.
705 Larkin St. 2732 24th St.
355 Hayes St. 475 Haight St. '
52 Market St.
-, OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Ave. - 616 E. I2th St.
15IO Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1355 ParkSt. '
SAN RAPAEL-B St./near Fourth.
suffering with weakness peculiar to
women have been wonderfully helped and
cured by Perun'a. Hence it has my in-
dorsement and best wishes. Sincerely
yours. LAVINA E. WALKER."
Address The Peruna Medicine Co. of
Columbus, O., for a free copy of Dr.
Hartman's latest book on catarrh.
MRS. LAVINA WALKER.
tarrh wherever it is located. It requires
the same treatment whethpr located in
the head or pelvic organs.
A great multitude of w.omen suppose
themselves to he hopelessly afflicted.
when the fact is a cure would he prompt
and certain If they could be brought to
understand that the' disease Is of
the pelvic organs. Local treatment and
pessaries will do no good in thosp eises.
A thorough course of internal treatment
\wlth Peruna Is the only hope of perma-
nent relief. '• *
\ Mrs. Lavlna E. Walker, whn hoM.* the
hiarhest State office of the Ladles of the
Illinois G. A. R.. which is Department
Chaplain, writes the following letter:
"WESTERN SPRINGS. ILL.
The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus, O. :
Gentlemen: "You have my sincere prat-
itude for placing before suffering women
o. medicine which has proven such a bWs-
ing as Peruna has.
"I have used It myself when much wnrn
out. and found moit gratifying results.
and a number of the women of our Order
7-^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
*fr& CO/*
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Arrival of New Goods Since Last Report—
i PnmiwranUn GooBebreaet.
1 JCcunauren, Bismarck Herring.
: Ormsri Pears (.Hatreln).
' Prunelles.
Orenobl* Walnuts.
¦ Oman f=uear Wafers (all flavors).
: Ormsn Dill Pickles.
• J)ues£eMorfer Wetn Sent.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
THURSDAY— FRilDAY— SATURDAY.
Bon Bens 1 3 boxes 25c
_. We arc headquarter? tor latest novelties
I in Bon Bona <u «Ji price*.
Sardines. Bonsess, reg. 25c 20c th
Inserted French.
Claret, "Private stock, "reg. SI, 65c ea!
This uine comblres body and bouquet.
Oliver P!m?nto, re?. I2!c ICc tot
fctuffed with sweet "peppers.
Corn Poppers, reg. 15c IGc
Fopcorn. rez. 5 1& fcr25c. 6 lb for 25c
Met Soap carton of 3 cakes 28c
Savon Ia Marquina Violette. lieg. 15c.
Hammsma is. 'Witch Hze 1 ) —
<jt. h^t. pt. bot. H Pt. bot.
!<».. 25c 13c
Paprika (Hungarian Sweet Fepper)—
2 oz. i oz. S oz. ' 16 oz.
Tirt 15c 25c 40c 75c
you- lOc 2Oc 3Oc «5c
Jamaica Ro iSS&^JSSL 51.15 bot
Holiday Illustrate J Catalogue Free.
You will never have greasy,
soggy, indigestible food if you
use
WHITE. COTTOLEXE
in your cooking.
Have you tried it since the
last great improvement was j
made in its manufacture? It is
neutral now.
net— — jfegl The NXFalrbank Company.
I CufV??&Si3i J Chlcapj — Sole lianulaoTum-i."
lfi«t?2^SSl FFi^P! 0 " 1 " <i«fntT booklet.
FKSFT'bWr ***"*-*. . A Public hec.et."
l^QJtJSSj" lE*i:ed free to any addrej*. For
¦UBKBpmg. one?'- Camp »e » 111 ?rnd frfe our
U^SaSagJKJ 12-"' pa--<" wli" t>ook. -Homo'
Helps. " edited by lire. Rorer
\tbc perfection of/
5GTTLfOAJ THE OJFHLLERY
PURE-AiaK)dftKjLE55MS.
(/sedm/AeMeifjcdfDepdrt/vents of the
U.S. ARMY 8r NAVY Service
WILLIAM WOLFF % CO.
w San Francisco. distributors.
£*»&rt of/mitafiotis e* rtf///ea Bort/ts.
The "DANK" RECLINING CHAIR /sS0a
A Handsome Christmas tfEm$$
Easy and Com?ortab'e. K$mB&I
Price $15. Come and see it.
W, A. SCHROCK,
19 New Montgomery Street.
A Careless Bridge-Tender.
Through the carelessness of the Fourth-
etreet bridge tender in leaving the draw-
bridge in an uneven condition after he
had closed it there was a whole lot of pro-
fanity used by carmen and passengers
yesterday afternoon. The bridge was left
in such a condition that the inward-bound
trolley cars Jumped the track and stuck
on the side of the trackway, blocking up
traffic at a time when hundreds of labor-
ing men were returning from the various
manufacturing Industrie^ in the Potrero
to their homes. The act of the bridge
tender caused a general blockade of all
travel over the bridge, as cars and teams
•were compelled to halt until the cars were
lifted back on to the track.
lisp
the famous Wagnerian bary-
tone of the Grau Opera Co.
wrote as follows to Sherman.
Clay & Co.,- who are the Pa-
cific Coast dealers of the
Steinway Piano:
Palace Hotel,
San Francisco,
Nov. 27th, 1900.
Messrs. Sherman, Clay & Co.
City.
Dear Sirs: —
Allow me to thank you
for the Steinway Grand you
have lent me during my stay
here. I have for ten years
past used the Steinway Pianos,
rot only in my home in Lon-
don but invariably at my reci-
tals there and in New York, as
well as in all other cities where
I appear. I consider it the
only jiiano for a singer's use.
Sincerely yours. *
DAVID BISPHAM.
You are cordially invited to
visit the Steinway salesrooms
of S,herman, Clay & Co. Stein-
ways are sold on easy pay-
ments when desired.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Steinway, Piano Dealers.
Cor. . Kearny and Sutter etc.. 8. F.
- Cor. :3th and Broadway, Oakland.
Cor. Park A Washington. Portland.
711 Second avenue. Seattle.