THE RIDDLE OF THE SPHINX.
Copyright, 1900, by Keppler & Schwartzmann, and reproduced from Puck by permission. .
(Continued on Second Pagu.)
arose slowly, looked below, and saw his
unwilling passenger. He . answered
Machado's cry and urged him to hang
on. • Seated on a small trapeze, he could
hot draw Machado to him and he decide.!
that a descent must be made. Hoff had
intended to make a parachute Jump, but
} to have done so would have meant the
| death of both. Hoff then let the gas out
: of the balloon, setting off the firework*
| he had with him. The balloon started to
descend. Slowly it came down. To
Hoff it Ewmed a century, as he fearcl
| for Machado. He ?poke encouraging
I words to the young man and the later
I hung there limp, as though paralyzed.
r The balloon drifted to the southwest of
j the park half a mile and made its descent
J in an orchard without accident.
When Machado touched earth again he
was In a state of total collapse, and
seemed more dead than alive. Hoff cut
tie rooes from around him and assisted
) him to his feet. He shortly recovered and
I was taken back to the park, where the
crowd deluged him with congratulations.
Machado could not explain how he came
to be caught In the ropes. He said he did
not relish his trip and .had had all the
ballooning he wanted. Hoff paid the ropes
; were wour.d about Machado's arm. shoul
; der and neck, and that It would have been
; impossible for him to have faljen. The
aeronaut said the balloon had reached a
height of 1000 feet.
Machado is a years of age and had
( come here from El Dorado to attend the
; fair ' .
Machado realized the peril of his situa
tion at ence. and as the I alloop arose he
took a. firm hold upon the rope. The
crowd could hear his tries to HofT, "Save
me! Have mel"
The aeronaut, seeing that the balloon
The balloon rose quickly, and with .".
Jerk Machado became entaneled lri the
ropes and was lifted from the ground. It
was dark, but the people could discern
his form. As he was taken up a. cry of
horror went up from the crowd. Then.
as he was carried higher, the stillness of
death settled over the spectators as they
awaited the awful fate that they believed
roust surely befall the ur.fartunate man.
Machado. with a. couple of thousand
ether spectators, was at the fair grounds
to witness a balloon ascension by Pro
fessor Hod. While the balloon was being
rilled Hoff called for a number of assist
ants, ar.d Machado was ore of those who
ftrpped forward. He held on to the ropes
end made himstlf generally useful. When
«11 was ready the aeror.aut took his posi
tion ar.d rar.g out "Let go."
EAN* JOSE. Oct. 12.— Tanked a thousand
feet ekyward at the end of a balloon guy
rope, clangllr.g helplessly In midair while
thousands cf spectators' watched breath
lessly in anticipation of a tragedy, finally
lowered back to terra flrrna In a state of
complete colla; se — such was the experi
ence cf G. H. Machado. a young man from
El Dorado County, at the fair grounds to
ni*rht. The s!»;ht was one that caused
women and children to shriek and faint
and the faces of men to blanch.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Luckless SDectatop Rescued bu an Aeronaut When a
Thousand Feet Above Terra Firma.
ENTANGLED IN A BALLOON'S
ROPES AND CARRIED ALOFT
Treated as a Trust Fund.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.— It 13 under
stocd that the final disposition of the sil
ver, some $273,000 in amount, taken by tha
American marines at the capture of Tien
tsin, may be determined by CongTesa. In
the mean time the silver Is beinsr treated
a3 a trust fund of which the Government
Is the custodian, until a determination la
reached as to Its rightful disposition.
Official Contradiction.
BERLIN*. Oct. 12. — -n.n official contra
diction has been Issued of the reports
that an Invasion of the Shantung province
la contemplated. _
Gone to See the Czar.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 12.-The Chi
nese Minister here has left town, i It la
believed be has gone to the Crimea to sea
the Czar.
twenty-four, were Germans, who, either As
Republicans or. gold Democrats, opposed
Mr. Bryan's election four years ago. One
of them was an ex-Mayor of the city.
In Introducing his speech at Dayton Mr.
Bryan charged the Republican party with
using specious arguments -to catch par
ticular classes of voters. As to the claim
t'nat the Interests of the soldiers were
safer in the care of the Republican party
Mr. Bryan said:
"The soldier is In more danger if his
Interests are left, to men who stand at
the head of the great monopolies than he
Is If he leaves his Interests to those who
belong to the common pe'ople. I will go
further than that. I will say that the
welfare of the -Union soldier and his pen
sion are safer In the. hands of a Confed
erate soldier than in the hands of a great
monopoly, for the Confederate soldier
knows something about the sacrifices of
war, while the heads of syndicates only
know war as an opportunity for the ac
cumulation of great fortunes out of the
people's sufferings." ,
there was no physical clash. A majority
of the meetings during the day were not
so largely attended nor so demonstrative
as those of the Indiana and Illinois tour
of last week. Rain threatened during the
greater part of tho day and this circum
stance doubtless had a dampening Influ
ence on the ardor of the crowd?, as well
as upon their attendance.
When Mr. Bryan was Introduced at
Sprlnsrfleld. where he had one cf . the best
crowds cf the day, some enthusiastic ad
mirer In the crowd shouted, "Hurray for
the farmer President."
The exclamation attracted Mr. Bryan's
attention, and he said:
"I do not want to be elected under false
pretenses. I. am not a farmer: I am an
agriculturist. You know the difference be
tween them. A . farmer is a man who
makes his money on the farm and spends
It In town, while an agriculturist Is a man
who makes his money In town and spends
It on the farm."
...This definition pleased the audience, and
all , listened attentively to his speech
tnroughout. At this point Mr. Bryan de
voted his principal attention to the trus-ts
and his arguments wore along the usual
lines.
At Dayton the meeting was held at the
fair grounds and Mr. Bryan spoke from
an open stand on the race course.
Probably the most Interesting feature
of this' meeting was the fact that out of
a hundred vice presidents of the meeting
PORTSMOUTH, Ohio, Oct. 11-Mr.
Bryan concluded the first day of
his campaign in Ohio in this city
to-night. He was met at the sta
tion by a torchlight procession
consisting of men both on foot and horse
back, and was escorted to a square In the
center of the city, where he spoke from a
I latform in the open air. The meeting
was by far the largest of the day, and it
was thoroughly enthusiastic. The Re
publicans also had a torchlight procession
in the city to-night, with speeches in a
public hall by Senator Spconer and W. D.
Bynura. As a consequence the city was
full of red fire and political enthusiasm.
The lines of march of the two parties
were so arranged as not to conflict, and
should he abolished outright. Does he really
mean this? If not. .his words mean nothing.
ations, any Intelligent man must know that
there are good corporations and bad corpora
tions and the difference between them can be
told as readily as the difference between two
wealthy private Individuals. As for.
nopolies In private hands, patents are such
monopolies, and If Mr. Bryan means that all
monopolies are bad, he means that patent law*
he uses "trusts" In the sense of large corpor-
A. Mr. Bryan's terminology is here so loose
that It Is difficult to know what he means. If
EVAXSVILLE, Ind.. Oct. 12.—Gov
ernor Roosevelt concluded his !
Indiana tour to-night, making
two speeches In this city, aui
speaking in both Instances to
large audiences. Arriving here at 4:30
o'clock the Governor dined in his private
car, remaining there until shortly befo'O
S o'clock, at which time he v.as eseort«r1
to the St. George Hotel, where he re
viewed a parade given in his honor. From
the reviewing stand he was? driven " to
Evans Hall, ¦where he made a reply to a
speech delivered yesterday by Mr.
Bryan. From the ha", he wont to the
Grand Opera-house and addressed thi
second audience, constituting the eleventh
which had heard him speak since he left
Indianapolis this morning. The day was
characterized by large crowds and much
enthusiasm, in which respect Evansyille
was not lacking.
In his speech at Vir.cennes Governor
Roosevelt delved into history to show
that through expansion that part of thc»
State of Indiana In which Vincennes It
situated was added to the domain of this
Government.
Governor Roosevelt's address at Evans
ville follows:
Trsterdny at Nashville. Mich., Mr. nryan
propounded certain questions to the Republi
can party, as follows:
1. If a trust Is a gcod thing why did the
Republican platform denounce trusts?
A. The Republican "party denounced the
evils of trusts and pointed out the way tho«e
evils could be controlled and minimized. Any
sensible man knows that thero may be evils
which need corrections, find yet that this may
not mean general and senseless destruction of
all corporations and the conditions of our
modern industrial development. /
2. (O) If the trusts are a bail thing, why
did the Republican administration allow more
trusts to be organized than during all pre
vious history of the country?
A- The Republican administration did net
allow more trusts to b» organized than during
all previous history of the country. Incident
ally, the Standard Oil Company, the American
Sugar Reflnlng Company and all the other more
fore the present administration. But . Mr.
Bry&n knows perfectly well that the national
Government cannot prevent with Its present
powers the organization of these trusts and
that \t was the action of his own party asso
ciates in Congress on June 1 last, which pre
vented tne passage by Congress of a consti
tutional amendment which would have given
the national Governir.ent the power sought for.
3. (Q-) If some trust* are good and some
bad. can you tell the difference between" a
good one ar.d a bad one?
4. <Q.) Do >' ou know of anr cood monopoly In
private hands?
5. (Q-) Do you know of any man good enough
to stand at the head of a monopoly and de
termine the price of that which others are to
use?
Mr. Bryan yesterday attempted to answer
what I eaid about his attacks upon the United
States army. He says that . the President . in
his message „ of December, 1SSS, asked ' for an
army of IW.QOO men two months before there
was any war in the Philippine Islands. He
asks: "Does Mr. Roosevelt know this?" Of
course I kn«w this, .and ; let f me_ also add that
Mr." Bryan ought to know, what every well-in-
A. We are not going to kill the Filipino un
til he tries- to* kill our soldiers, and heVill
stop trying to kill our soldiers very soon after
he becomes convinced that he will receive no
further aid from the party'or which Mr. Bryan
is chief. As to what we are going to do with
him. the answer Is slmi'le. We are going to
ci\-ilUo him and give him the peace, order and
Individual liberty and gradual increase of self
government of which Mr. Bryan would deprive
him for all time by turning him over, to a syn
dicate of corrupt Chinese half-breeds and fe
rocious Tagal bandits.
10. (Q.) What are you going to do with the
Filipino when you R2t him? Are you going to
kill him?
A. This has already been answered In my re
ply to No. S. Evidently Thomas Jefferson
thought that he could buy the right to govern
the Indians of the Louisiana purchase and An
drew Jack.*on thought we could similarly ac
quire the right to govern the Seminoles of
Florida.
A. There Is. of course, no title to the Fll
irino save as there Is a title to the inhab
itants of Alaska or of the Hawaiian Islands.
and he was not bought save exactly as dwell
ers in the Louisiana territory, including what
Is now Mr. Bryan's own State of Nebraska,
were bought by Thomas Jefferson. The Phil
ippine Islands were acquired . under President
McKinley by treaty and purchased exactly as
th« Louisiana territory was acquired under
Jefferson, Florida under Monroe, and all the
rest of the territories which we have ac
quired.
9. (Q.) Do you think you can buy the right
to govern people?
The undoubted evils connected frith some par- '
tlal Industrial monopolies will never be af
fected in the least by .an opposition until In
dealing with them their opponents learn and
practice both precision of thought and pre
cision of statement.
6. (Q.) Do you know of any good reason why
tho crmy fhicld be made lOO.V'O?
A. Horn, Brain. * Mr. Brs-an's language Is
loose. If he i* spiking of the present, army
cf Co.COO regulars and X.000 volunteers, then
every man who pocsfSFes an ounce of common
wr.re or an ounce of patriotism must know
not on'y that there la very good* reason for
havlnp had It, but no possible rxeuse for re
fusing to have It. It his boon nreilril In the
PM!!rr-ir:es: it has be^n ne*-<Ie<i in China; ani
only the allies of ARiilnaMo ami the Boxers' can
crttlr!-e It. Hal of th* D^morrats in Con
gress vntofl for It when it was provided for.
7. <Q.) "Would you b<? wllHr.K to make the
army &0,W) if the Republican loaders eall so,
or half a million If they wanted It?
A. It Ik hard to believe that this Question I*
put in good faith, for no one has dreamed of
asking for an army of 2K000 or half a mil
lion. Abraham I^tnroln once had to ask for a
larsre ariny. and In yplto of the opposition of
the politicians whose po!l*l?a! heir and as
signee Mr. Pryan Is, the pcople'gave him what
he asked. No lncrcar- of the army will »ver
be asked for by Republicans save because of
reasons which would ratlsfy the people as they
were" satisfied in the days of Lincoln.
! 8. (Q.^What Is your title to the Filipino?
Did you buy him or did you get him by force?
Justifies Acts of the Administration and Then
Interrogates the Democratic Candidate.
ROOSEVELT REPLIES TO THE
QUESTIONS ASKED BY BRYAN
The Governor's troop arrived at Oneida
to-day, and Is still there. The horses are
quartered in the company's stables and
the men In small hotels at Sheppleton and
Derringer.
HAZLETON. Pa.. Oct. 11— The company
men employed at the Derringer colliery of
Coxe Brothers & Co. began this afternoon
to repair the breaker, which led the strik
ers to believe that an attempt was be
ing made to resume work. About 300 of
them from Sheppleton and Hopeville then
proceeded to the colliery. The foreman.
fearing trouble, telegraphed, for Sheriff
Harvey and his deputies, who were hur
ried to Derringer on a special train. In
the meantime the strikers learned that no
preparations were under way for a re
sumption of operations and the march was
abandoned. "When the Sheriff got to the
scene with his men everything was quiet
and the posse returned to the city.
Deputies Hurried to Scene.
The convention then went Into executive
session and so remained until adjourn
ment.
"This is probably one of the mest re
markable conventions that it has ever
been my good fortune to attend. Tou are
called here to rass judgment on a propo
sition never made to you. The operators
made no proposition to the miners. Tiiey
posted notices cf an advance in wa^es
over those formerly paid. It will now
become your duty to pass judgment as to
whether you Cesire to accept It or to ln
ftruct your officer? what you wish them
to do. As* I said before, every man hero
must feel that upon his shoulders rests a
terribl? responsibility. If you legislate
wisely you will have a bright future be
fore you: on the other hand, a mistake
made now may mean a continuation of
the conditions which have prevailed here
for many years. I hope that you men
will do your duty. No man wants to be
carried away with enthusiasm. Tou don't
want to vote nor speak on* any question
because It is popular to do so. You should
do what you believe to be right."
Then President Mitchell again addressed
the miners. In the course of his speech
,.e s^.ic.
"The cause cf the miners is the causa
of humanity. Whatever the decision
reached regarding the operators' offer tho
future must be brighter, better and mere
Just. Miners, their wives and children
and humanity will be the gainer. Kindly
convey to the assembled delegates the sin
c:r;st sympathy and co-operation of every
union member and officer of the American
Federotion cf Labor. "We all pray and,
work for your success."
Telegram From Gompars.
Presldert Mitchell read the following
telegram from Samuel Gompers. president
of the American Federation of Labor:
The first business of the afternoon ses
sion was the receiving of committee re
ports, a matter of routine.
During the rollcall upon the adoption of
the reports President Mitchell ruled that
in compliance with the promise made to
the non-union mine workers all unorgan
ized men on strike could be represented
in the convention. For Istance. if a union
; ha3 a membership cf 500 and there are 7»
men on strike at the colliery where the
union Is located, then It is entitled to
-seven votes Instead of five.
The reports cf the committees were ac
' - . >;;. ~.\ ¦ '-
ceptec.
Ish you to consider seriously the course
you intend to pursue. The eyes of the
American people are centered on the city
of Scranton to-day, anxiously awaiting the
result of this convention. I do not wish
you to accept one cent less for your labor
than it is possible for you to secure.
I do not wish the ere^t organization
which has been built up among you to
be wrecked and ruined through any mis
take of mine or your*. If yon legislate
wisely and judiciously I can see a destiny
brighter and happier for you and for
those who will take your places when
you have passed away. I can see a fu
ture where the little boys will be In at
tendance at the school instead of wasting
their young lives away in the breakers,
helping to earn a livelihood for their par
ents. I can see a future where pleasant
homes and happy, smiling faces of the
wives and mothers will be in vivid con
trast with the conditions of to-day."
PRESIDENT JOHN MITCHELL.
OF THE UNITED MINE
WORKERS' VNION.
"Now, gentlemen, permit me to adman-
"For the first time In many year? the
operators have recognized your demands
for better conditions of employment and
have offered an advance cf 10 per cent
In your wages. I am well aware that this
advance is not satisfactory to you. You
have felt, and with Justice, that a definite
period of time should be named darlns
which this advance should remain in
force. Your experience where wages are
based on a sliding scale has been so un
satisfactory to you that you believe that
the sliding scale method of drawing wages
should be abolished. You al3o believe
that the laws of Pennsylvania should be
obeyed by the coal companies and wages
be paid twice each month, you reserving
the right of spending your earnings
wherever you choose.
"Whether it Is believed wise at this
time to insist upon a compliance with
all your demands Is a question which
you. as most Interested, are called upon
to decide. Personally. I have hoped we
should be able at this time to establish
the same method of adjusting wage dif
ferences as now exists In the' bituminous
coal regions, where .employers' and
miners' delegates meet in Joint interstate
convention and like prudent, sensible bus
iness men mutually agree upon a scale
of wages which remains In force for one
year, thus removing the causes of strikes
and" lockouts, and' even yet I believe that
in the future the anthracite operators will
accept thi3 humane and progressive meth
od of treating with their employes.
"Labor organizations, like labor-saving
machinery, are here to stay. Capital may
for a time refuse to deal with them; may.
of Its great power, retard the
growth of organizations for a tlms, but
like 'truth crushed to earth,' they 'will
rise again' and will give battle In defense
of the poor and oppressed.
1 Advance Not Satisfactory.
SCRANTON. Pa-, Oct. 12.— Eight
hundred and fifty-seven miners.
who hold In their hands the
power to end or to continue the
antharicte coal miners' strike.
•which has been In progress for mere than
three weeks, met in convention here to
day for the purpose of considering the W j
per cent net advance In wages offered by j
the operators and adjourned until to- j
morrow without taking any actici on |
their employers' proposition. Both of ;
to-day's sessions were devoted to organiz- |
ing the convention and to speeches by I
many of the delegates on the mine- j
owners' concession. It was not expectei j
that anything would be done to-day out
side of a general exchange of views. The
convention, after it was permanently
organized, went Into secret session, but -t
was learned from authoritative sources
that nothing of a definite nature wa3
suggested which would lead to a solution
of what is, to the miners, a knotty prob
lem.
From the trend of the remarks of the
delegates It was gathered that the 10 per
cent proposition, as it now stands, has
very little chance of being accepted. The !
delegates, it was learned, were almost
unanimous that the operators should first
make concessions In the other griev
ances before the increase is accepted by
the mlne-worker3. Great stress was laid
k i the necessity of abolishing the sliding
scale and substituting therefor a tonnage
basis on which to fix the rate of wages.
The preposition of hiving the' operator*
guarantee a fixed time for paying the ad
vance was also thoroughly discusseJ.
while not a few delegates said they would
be satisfied with nothing but a more
liberal increase In wages.
Procedure Is in Doubt.
The mode of procedure Is a matter
which is now occupying the attention of
the labor leaders. In Case the conven
tion comes to a definite understanding
on some proposition the question has been
asked how the operators will be advised,
in view of the fact that the latter have
repeatedly said they would not recognlz»
the urion. President Mitchell will not
discuss that phase of the auestion and
none of the labor leaders will venture an
opinion.
That the present convention will not
come to a definite conclusion Is the gen
eral opinion to-night.' In the opinion of
several leaders the convention is, as at
present constituted, a little unwieldy.
There is a movement on foot to-day hav
ing fcr its object the submission of th
various propositions as they arc suggested
I by the delegates to a committee appointed
by the convention for consideration, thts
committee to report to either this cr a
second convention. This movement, how
ever, did riot gain much of a start.
Some of the delegates think that the
whole subject should be left in the hands
of the national officers as hinted by Pres
ident Mitchell In his brief remarks just
before the convention went Into secret
session. Mr. Mitchell Is very popular
among the miners, as was shown by the
enthusiasm displayed as he delivered his
opening address. In this address Mltcheti
reviewed the causes leading up to the
strike and concluded as follows:
Probable That Matter
Will Be Left to
Union Officers.
Mitchell Makes an
Address Predicting
Bright Future,
Ralln of the Strikers!
in Convention at
Scranton,
GENERAL NIEH. KNOWN AS
THE NAPOLEON "OF THE
CHINESE AP.MT.
CHINESE MINISTER
DOUBTS STORY OF
FRESH UPRISINGS
Boxers Not Powerful
in Provinces of
the South.
Viceroys Competent
to Cope With the
Rebels.
Reports to Attract
Attention From Von
Waldersee.
ment of the natives, the Minister Is con
fident that the well-trained troops of the
Viceroys will have no difficulty In restor
ing paece, provided the reports that it
has been broken are true.
SITUATION VERY SERIOUS.
Cities in Six Districts in the Hands
of the Rebels.
LONDON. Oct. 13.— The Times has the
following from Hongkong, dated yester
day: The situation in the Wel-Hal-Wd
Prefecture is serious. In six district"!
the cities are in the nands of the rebel?.
If an outbreak should occur in Canton its
suppression would be difficult.
Dr. Morrison, wiring to the Times from
Peking, under date of October 11. says:
"The Chinese officials declare that strin
gent orders have been sent to provincial
officials not to oppose the advance of the
allied column."
HONGKONG. Oct. 12.— The reformer,
Sun Tat Sen. acccording to dispatches
from Canton, has unfurled the reform
flag In the Important town of "Weichou.
on East River. This act has given rise
to considerable excitement in military
circles in Canton, as It is believed the ob
ject of the reformers in raising their flag
at Weichou is to denude Canton of troops,
so that they can seize the city.
DOUBLE GAME OF CHINESE.
Alleged Insincerity of the Edict Or
dering' Punishment of Boxers.
PARIS, Oct. 12.— A dispatch received lay
the Harms agencr £rora;Tlents}ji-«ays: • -
"The general opinion of those knowing
Chinese ways is that the order for the
punishment of the high officials contained
in the edict of October 1 will not be exe
cuted. The edict is insincere. It is af
firmed that Li Hung Chang has been or
dered to' reject all demands for territorial
compensation and other war indemnities.
The troops at Peking are suffering from
typhoid fever and dysentery."
Claims for Indemnity.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.— The State De
partment already has received 'several
claims by American missionaries and bus
iness men for indemnity on account of
the loss of property in China as a result
of the Boxer uprising. The department
In each case has notified the claimants
that as yet it has not taken up for con
sideration the method of collecting such
Indemnities, and has supplied them with
the regulation circular containing in
formation as to the means of filing
Admiral Ho Pursues Rebels.
HONGKONG. Oct. 12.— Admiral Ho i*
pursuing the rebels in a northeasterly dl
rectlcn from Sanchun.
A British expedition, consisting of thi?
Twenty-second Bombay infantry, with
artillery, is going to the Kowloon Hinter
land, though the district is reported
Epeclal Dliratch to Tte Call
CALL, BPREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.
— Referring to reports showing
that a turbulent condition of, af-
fairs exists in Southern China,
TVu Tir.g Fare, the Chinese Minister.
*a»d to-day:
"I have been absent from China for
three or four years and I am conse-
Cuently unable to describe from persona!
observa-ior: the conditions that exist
there. Ncr have I received any official
Information Indicating that an outbreak
is Jrrisir.er.t. and this fact leads me to
believe there is r.o foundation tor the re
port. If there is darker cf an outbreak
I ara ccr.f.dent the Viceroys, all of whom
sre strer.?. able men and with plenty cf
troops, will be able to dissipate it and
preserve peace and older. I noticed <r.
the press dispatches this morning that
A^mira.1 Ho has gone to Canton. If any
considerable number of evil-disposed per
fct.s pather he can land a force, which.
If equipped with Maxim guns, will easily
be able to disperse them, a- I restore
"It seems to me It is out of the question
to believe that Southern China Is now the
scer.e cf Boxer operations. The Boxers
were first organized in the province of
Shantung and then extended their opera
tions to the province of Chill. There U
es much difference between the northern
tr.d southern Chinese as there is between
the French and the English. They speak
different tongues and one Is otherwise
foreign to the other.
"Up to the time I received my latest
advices from China, the Boxers had not
appeared in Southern China. It may be
that disturbances have taken place and I
would not be surprised to find, if they
have occurred, that local causes were re
sponsible. Perhaps two local clans have
engaged In hostilities, or perhaps the
people may have grown angry over some
local issue. It is possible, of course, that
if there, have been riots, they may have
been directed against missionaries but
we must ascertain in such event if the
missionaries gave the natives cause for
anger. The situation is so cloudy that
It is difficult for me to discuss it intelli
gently, but you may rest assured that if
troubles do f-i!?t the Viceroys will be able
to promptly disperse the rioters."
It would s^rn from the Minister's state
ments that he believes the reports ha\v?
been put ir. circulation for the purpose of
distracting atter.tion from the expedi
tionary operations of Count von Walder
*ee. He does ret put any credence In
the assertion that the Chinese of the
*outh have bc-trun a movement against
the Manchu dynasty. They have no
arms with which to inaugurate a revolt,
or if they have they have secured them
from fore'gn sources, as the imperial
Government fcrbids their sale to the na
tives. In view of the poor war equip-
MINERS MEET TO
CONSIDER OFFFER
OF INCREASED RATE
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 135.
SAX FRANCISCO; SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1900.
The San Francisco Call.To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists .refund the money If it falls to cure.
£. W. Grove's signature is on each bos. Sic. *
Papeete the Beautiful.
Those who are fond of traveling (and who la
not) will hall with delight the news of a direct
steamship route to Tahiti. This charming land
has until now been accessible enly by slow
sailing vessels, but on November 1st tho popu
lar steamship Australia will sail direct, mak
ing the trip In 10»4 days. A reduced round
trip rate has been made for the first trip. Call
at 643 Market street for sailing list. •
WILL OPPOSE GERMANS.
BERLIN, Oct; 12.-A dispatch received
here to-day,, from Shanghai says a very
serious view is taken at Field Marshal
Count von Waldersee's headquarters in
Tientsin of the revolutionary movement
At Canton a falsa alarm on October 7
caused the Chinese officials to protest
asrainst any occupation of Chinese terri
tory.
The i Viceroys, the dispatch
adds, openly affirm that they will oppose
any advance of the Germans into Shan
tung province.
Marines Leave on Brooklyn.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.-Adjutant Gen
eral Corbln received a cable message to
day from General Chaffee. dated Taku
October 11. saying that half a regiment of
marines left on the Brooklyn on the 8th
inst. and the remaining half on the In
diana on the 10th inst. These marines are
destined for Manila, where they will b«»
distributed among the naval vessels to
which they may be assigned, and the re
mainder sent to the naval station at
Cavlte. WBBBS&&B3BUKBM8KBBA
FATAL RESULTS OF %.
A BOILER, EXPLOSION
Colored Porter Is Instantly Killed
and Many Passengers Are Seri
ously Injured at Curryville.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 12.— A special telegram
from Mexico, Mo,, to the Post-Dispatch
says: Engine 105, while hauling the east
bound passenger train on the St. Louis
and San Francisco at the usual speed,
exploded at Curryville, about thirty miles
east of this city, early this morning and
was blown almost to atoms.
John Mason, colored porter, of Room
house. 111., had his head cut off. Engineer
Patrick Markey and Fireman Crawford
Wheeler, both of Slater, Mo., were badly
burned about the head and legs, and Mrs.
William Glasscock of Hannibal. Mo., W
Kckler of Kansas City, Dr. J. J. Kincaid
of Bowling Green. Mo., and a colored por
ter named LJndsley were more or less
hurt. Fifty yards of the track was torn
up and trains delayed for several hours
It is. not known what caused tho explo
sion. . .
WILL CONTINUE TO CARRY
THE NEW ZEALAND MAIL
House of Representatives Approved
of Postmaster Mineral's Agreement
With the Spreckels Company.
"WELLINGTON,:. N. Z., Oct. 12.— The
House of Representatives . to-day ap
proved, the Postmaster General's agree
ment with Messrs. Spreckels to continue
for a year the San Francisco mail service
The vessels will run every three weeks
instead of monthly.beginning November 1
The time from San P'rancisco to Auck
land must not exceed sixteen days.
An amendment favoring a Vancouver
service was carried without a division.
Claimants Get the Estate.
SIOUX FAL.LS. S. D., Oct.. 12.— The
American and Canadian claimants to the
estate left by John McClellan, a wealthy
pioneer, who was accidentally killed over
a. year agw.'have won in the trial Just
concluded in the Circuit Court. Thev are
Thomas McClellan of Calgary, N \v T •
Mrs. Mary A. .Vine of Grand Rapids',
Mich., and Mrs. Margaret Bulkleyof Chi
cago, who claim to be a brother and sis
ters of the deceased.
YOUTSEY WELL ON THE
ROA3> TO RECOVERY
Although He Does Not Talk or
Understands and Obeys His Nurses,
AJls^s^e^ Questions.
GEORGETOWN. Ky.. Oct. ,12.-Youteey
Is better to-night. He seems to under
stand and obey t the nurses, thoush he
does not talk or answer questions. There
Is less fear of brain fever and it is pos
sible that his trial for the assassination
of Governor Goebel may be resumed to
morrow.
His color remains good, his breathing
natural and his sleep quiet and restful.
No opiates have been given the prisoner
since Tuesday night and the continued
stupor results entirely from natural
causes, his doctor says. Occasionally
doses of strychnine are given him to stim
ulate him, and he is thought to be In a
fair wav to recovery. All have now aban
doned the idea that Youtsey is shamming.
San Jose Physician Does Not Contest
DIVORCE FOR MRS. WRIGHT.
His Wife's Suit.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 12.— Mrs. Eleanor B
\Vrlght was to-day granted a divorce
from Dr. H. J, B. Wright. The charge
In the complaint was extreme cruelty,
and the doctor did not contest .it. They
were married several years ago, and at
that time both had families of grown
children. Mrs. Wright, was then Mrs.
North, a •widow with considerable prop
erty. The doctor is also possessed of
many dollars. The property interests of
the two were settled out of court
Miners Resume Work.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 12.— Work was re
sumed to-day at the United Verde mine
at Jerome, where the cave-in occurred on
Wednesday. The shops and machinery
above the sunken place are belnur re
moved and several furnaces have al
ready started.
MARINO COMPANY'S
CONCESSION ANNULLED
Government of Venezuela Declares It
Forfeited on Account of Non-
Execution of Contract.
CARACAS. Venezuela, Oct. 12. via Hay
tian cable. — The Government has annulled
the concession of the Marino Company,
alleging non-execution of the contract.
The company, with headquarters at
Fribault. Minn., capitalized at $30,000.000.«
was granted in 18S3 a concession of 10.000.
000 acres of land situated In the Orinoco
district.
SENATOR HANNA'S ITINERARY.
OMAHA, Nebr., Oct. VI.— The two daye'
itinerary of Senator Mark Hanna in this
State was announced by the Republican
State Central Committee Immediately
after word had been received in this city
that It had been O. K.'d by the National
Committee. The trip calls for a total of
twenty-three speeches, to be delivered in
the principal towns in the eastern part of
the State, beginning in the northeast cor
ner October 19 and ending at Omaha tho
evening of the next cay. The Senator
will also speak at Llncoin within earshot
of the occupants of AV. J. Bryan's bip
vacant front porch. Republicans rejoice
that the Senator has consented to come to
Nebraska.
Witnesses to Huntington's Will.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— Probate Clerk
Washburn, of the Surrogate's office, to
day examined the subscribing witnesses
to the will of the late Collis P. Hunting
ton. The witnesses to the will are Max
well Evarts, George E. Downs and An
drew A. Vandeventer. Each of the wit
nesses swore that the will filed for
probate had been signed by the testator
in his presence and that the testatcc was
to all appearances in good health and
condition of mind. No objections have
been tiled to the probate of the will and
it probably will be admitted. -
Will Succeed Kautz.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.-Rear Admiral
Silas Casey, at. present commandant at
Leag-ue Island navy yard, Pennsylvania,
has been nelected .to succeed Rear Ad
miral Kautz as commander of the Pacific
station upon. the latter's retirement, in
the near future. - ...
periaiism, his points being well received
and liberally applauded.
From the bank stei>s he went to the
Academy of Music, where a crowd which
ulled every available bit of space in the
hcusf awaited him and applauded vigor
ously when* he appeared.
Once or twice he was interrupted by
hecJlcFF members of the audience talking
in the rear of the hall, and each time he
refused to proceed until Jhe conversation
ceaped.
"I want you all to hear what I have to
say." he declared. "It is important that
you should hear, and I mean thai you
shall do so."
Mr. Stevenson will leave here early to
morrow, reaching Ualtimore at 9 a. m.
From there he will go to Delaware and
then to New York.
Former Secretary Carlisle's Views on
SEES VICTORY FOR McZINLEY.
the Political Outlook.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.— John G. Car
lisle has just made a flying trip to Wash
ington. In the prea< of business he did
not miss the opportunity to talk politics
to a. few of his manv •friends Here. M-.
Carlisle .expressed himself as confident
that McKinley would be re-elected. In
talklnp to Colonel O. O. Stealey, who has
been for years one of Mr. Carlisle's clos
est friends, the former Secretary of the
Treasury 5tated his political' convictions
with some emphasis. \
"Mr. Carlisle was more- positive in hi*
conversation on the point that, while he
v.as not a nryan man, he should not vote
for McKinley. than on anything else,"
paid Colonel Stealey to-day. "Mr. Car
l-^le's environments lead him to think
McKinley will be successful and outside
of the opinions of Wall street and orher
New York business men he did not pre
tend to know anything on the political
outlook."
EXPECTS A HEAVY MAJORITY.
Opinion With Coin.
New York Republican Backs His
NEW YORK. Oct. J2.-The World to
morrow will say that a bet of $1000 even
is reported to have been made to-day on
the result of the Presidential election be
tween two members of the Stock Ex
change. The wager is to the effect that
Bryan will have the smallest proportional
vote In the Klectoral College of any Pres
idential candidate of Jeadinp parties in
the history of the country, v^
Registration in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— The first day of
rejristration in Greater New York ended
at 10 o"clock to-night and returns are not
yet complete, but It is known that the
first days total will exceed that fit tho
first day in 1K«5. when 133.225 votefs reg
istered. Ten men were arrested during
the day hy election deputies for false
registration.
etructed prhoolhoy knows, that at the very
time Ui" December the Philippine Insurgent
¦ rmy ¦was thrra'.T.lriR "'Jr outposts and a col
lision tias imminent any moment. Agulr.aMo
fct that time was trying to organize the rera
pcat of the Fpanl-h followers in conjunction
wj'.h hi* own army In a war against us. Til?
Mil in whi--h the lrcrea<so in the army was
rrovid'd itself f xpli-i'.ly srt forth the condi
tions in the PtdlisptMt as a reawn tot luep
ir.g tho srny up. Every intcHicent observer
kmw there wottld be trouble in the Philippines
temporary increase, which Mr. Bryant appar
ently h-efks ti p<--r?ua<le hi* hearers if a perma
nent in.-reas*. was introduced by Senator Cock
re!I of Mi5.-o-.jri. a. Democratic -surP o :"t<»r of
Mr. Bnu, and ihc bulk of the patriotic D-m
ocratu In l"Mh;Hou5eg voted for It- for nt that
time ;he Kantap <"ity plttCono had not sought
to make U:e dishonor of the flag a national
lH£»i:e. and the Democratic conventions in
C.Iorado and California were in their i-lflt
f^ras calling, for the retention of the Philio
rire Ifland>. The reeor.1, therefore, ehcnvs
thRt thi* prryent temporary army of ES.9M reg
ulars and COM volunteers, was called for In
IV-cember brrauw of the threatened trouble
It. the PMlippin*-*. Any statetrnan with the
¦Hgbtcrt pretension to the name cwlcJ not but
k-c that tsta troubU was< thrratening; ani would
lieve be"n criminally derelict In his duty to the
trouble was oertr.in to arls«e. having dn view
the at'ituiJe of Aruinaldo. unless t. - e rejected
the treaty, and Ind'-ed, the outbreak occurred
,1ust before the treaty was accepted. When
Mr. Bryan did hi? part in working for the ac
topped himself from eny r!pht to criticize the
carrylrR out of the v>V<*res to which ho ho
rame tn honor bound rbca ha advocated that
tr--«ty.
N>«-. I hare ansvri>r«l Mr. Rryan'R quo?
lion en *his part, as I will pladiy a-!nvor anv
<;uefticn he esr? rut or meet anv i??t;e he can
ralfe. Now !et him show rqual fnnknf.s? anvl
readiness in answrrir.c these nw^tions I ask:
U If elected. Mr. r?ryan. will you r-ay the
oblijratloriF of tb" nation in frol<i nr in sliver?
2. Will you refuse to accept the electoral
rotd *f N'^rth Carolina because obtained with
out eonF'-nt of the trovrrned, an<l ¦will you now
ct nnre denounce the action of your party a*
f->-ta'.cs who helped to nominate vou for estab
llthinp by th» conFtttutlon In N^rth •'arollna
t!-.» tfortrine t^at one man 1? good en<>u?h to
to'.gfa Rsethcr vrltboot his eensent?
?,. Will jreu d«!T>UT»rp ynyr party associates In
CuA_I>»« t>}io noted on June 1 laft that the
r»OTi**»Ti^1 OovemTTT"pt f-houl'l Rot t»c Kiven jw^'T
to control mm*? Ton *ay that all trus-t* arft
bad; will you draoQOCt as hypocrites your
pvty ¦sKorittcf who support y-.w en that plat
form «,n<l yet thrmnolve* are beneficiaries of
the cotton bale, whisky ar.d Ice trusts? This
<iu« v »t)ori i* nnt to be met by saying that there
ari» truFtn in whkh RcjiuWioans are lnterrstM.
Trie rolr.t lr a qocstiea cf pood faith, or hy
r>orr!«y. If all trusts uro a? bad as you repre
•¦enl. then what richt ha\e you to be supporte<l
ard B"ct-;>'ine the rupport 9t f-enat^r Joren
B'iiI Mr. frrikrr. wiw'tn puh!l? <ipnurv'!a'.iori
of trust* tdd private ne:r, hrr*h:i> in them?
I£R. STEVENSON'S TOUR.
Encounters the Usual Welcome in
•Maryland and Some Interruptions.
HAOKRSTOWN. Md.. ' Oct. 12.— Adlal
E. Stevenson. th«» Democratic candidate
for the Vice Presidency. ami those who are
vlih him on a tour through the State
rrach<Hl ijagerfSnwn Fhortly before fl
<•¦< :<;ck iliis efenfJXff after a rid«» r-f twen
ty-fix miles over the mountains. On the
way several fctbps were made, the first
b^ing at Middlet^wn. a Republican strong
held. Here the inhabitants turned out in
considerable numbers, about half of them
rushing forward to take Mr. Stevenson's
fvand, while the others stood on the other
elde of the street and shouted for Mc-
Kinley.
At Uoonesborcugh. the next stop, COO
cr 400 people had gathered to hear Mr.
Stevenson who addressed them briefly on
trusts and Imperialism. This was the
only speech he made before reaching
Uagerstown.
When he entered this city -he met with
a reception which v. r as little short of -an
ovation. The streets were lined with peo
ple, many houses were brilliantly illum
inated, and fireworks blazed and sput
tered in every direction. Long before his
arrival the principal hall of the city was
jammed and the street in front of it was
crowded. Before entering the hall Sir.
Stevenson took up a position on the steps
of a hank opposite the hall and spoke to
an overflow meeting:. He again devoted
hiir.scJf t« a discussion of trusts and lm-
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.-Mrs. Philip Hardy,
wife of a London business man, was found
in her apartments at 122(f Wabash avenue
to-day with a bullet hole in her heart. On
the floor near her was a magnificently
chased duelling pistol, with which she had
shot herself.
Letters 'written by the dead woman
showed that she had committed suicide
under the belief that her husband hTrd
committed suicide In New York, following
a. recent quarrel with his wife. ' Mrs.
Hardy had made v careful preparations for
her death, and even the letters she left to
her mother and others were written on
mourning paper.
Tho telegram which announced the
suicide of her husband in New York, and
which resulted in Mrs. Hardy's taking
her own life, was a bogus one. Hardy
appeared at the morgue to-day and ad
mitted to the police that he had caused
the telegram to be sent to his wife, who,
he understood, had secured warrants for
the arrest of himself and a woman.
Hardy, dreading court proceedings,
caused the telegram to be sent in the hope
that his wife, would take no further ac
tion in the matter. <
Woman, Believing Her-Hus
band Dead, Ends Her
Life.
BOGUS MESSAGE
CAUSES SUICIDE
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 12.-A shrewd at
tempt to rob the City National Bank of
Kansas City ar.d the Commercial Bank
of I^awson. Mo., of ?5500 was nipped in the
bud to-day, and as a result Harry Turner
and Robert O'Connor, telegraph oper
ators, both of Kansas City, are under ar
rest.
Ttirner and O'Connor went to Lawson
early this week and pretended to be look
ing for land. O'Connor, who wont under
the name of R. J. Reiff, bore a letter pur
porting to be from the Lombard Invest
ment Company of Kansas City and
gained some standing. Last night. It ap
pears, a telegram was sent to the Kansas
City bank signed "Commercial Bank,"
asking that $5500 in currency be sent bv
express to Lawson. The Kansas City bank
wired this morning that it had sent the
money, but the telegram never reached
the Lawson bank. Instead O'Connor pre
sented a telegram, apparently from the
City National Bank, ordering the Com
mercial bank to pay him the amount
stated. The bank officials, becoming sus
picious, telephoned Kansas City, and
O'Connor was placed under arrest iri the
bank while writing a draft. Later Tur
ner was taken in. Investigation devel
oped that the two men had telegraphic in
struments located outside- Lawson. and
that they had sent the telegrams them
selves.
Worthless Order for Coin
Sent by a Telegraph
Oparator.
SHREWD ATTEMPT
TO ROB A BANK
Continued From First Page.
ROOSEVELT REPLIES TO BRYAN'S TALK
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON' HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— The re
ports from Tangiers that a Consul was
burned to death who presented the claim
of an American for indemnity is discred
ited.
The Information sought to he conveyed
was that French, Consul General Gum
mere at Tangiers had renewed our de
mand for Indemnity in the case of Marcus
Assagui, an American, who was burned
to death. The demand was made by the
French Consul, in compliance with State
Department orders sent him two weeks
ago.
An Investigation of the murder was
made in compliance with the request of
this Government by the French Consul at
F"ez. He reported that the horse which
Assagui, the murdered American, was
riding accidentally brushed against a
Moor. The latter assaulted Assagui, who
defended himself, but other Moors came
to the assistance of his assailant and As
fagui was vigorously beaten. He was
then tied to a pile of sticks, which were
saturated with coal oH, and fhe torch was
applied. The American was burned to
death. The department upon receiving
the facts immediately sent mail instruc
tions to the Consul General at Tanglcra
to demand an indemnity of $5000.
Officials Do Not Believe That
Consul Gummere Was
Burned to Death.
TANGIERS RUMOR
IS DISCREDITED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— No attempt will be
made to indict for the murder of Marie
Defenbach any of the- prisoners under ar
rest in the Insurance conspiracy case un
less much additional evidence is produced
before Grand Jury consideration is given
the matter. Officials of the State At
torney's' office belittle to-day the theory
that the woman was murdered and de
clared they would be party to no accusa
tion graver than the, conspiracy charge
as the case stands as present. The at
torney of the Mooney and Boland Detect
ive Agency has been so informed.
Investigations to-day resulted in show
ing nothing that would indicate foul play.
The analysis of the medicines found in
Miss Dcfenbach's room will not be ready
lor submission to Chief of Detectives Col
leran until Monday. Especial interest is
centered in the dregs found in the Schreu
der prescription, an overdose of which it
is thought may have caused the womdn's
death. Tho police authorities took cog
nizance of the most dramatic theory to
day in connection with the arrest of Act
ing Superintendent Brown of the Mooney
& Roland' secret service. The tneory has
a typical "Old Sleuth" setting and is to
the effect that Brown is in- jail as an
operative of the agency and with Smiiey
is seeking to unearth an insurance fraud
and murder conspiracy beside which the
Defenbach case is a lilliputian.
This suggestion is a most improbable
one on the face, but the authorities fail
to understand why Brown and Smiley are
so suspiciously intimate and friendly with
each other in view. of the fact that the
VICTIM AND ALLEGED PRINCIPALS IN ~'XHE SENSATIONAL LIFE
INSURANCE SWINDLE AT CHICAGO. WHICH THE DETECTIVES
OF THAT CITY ARE BUSILY AT WORK UPON.
GREATER GROWS AMOUNT
OF SCHREIBER'S THEFT
Contents of Flat Wliich He Is Said to
Have Furnished Moved to a
Storage Warehouse.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— Another dis
covery was made to-day at the Elizabeth
port Bank, which increases the stealings
of Defaulter Schreiber to 5100,716. Sev
eral months ago an envelope containing
$3000 In United States bonds was placed
for safe keeping In the bank by a resident
of Elizabeth. When he called at the
bank to-day for the deposit it was found
the envelope had been carefully slit open
and the bonds abstracted.
The bank's attorney said the Institution
was responsible and the loss would be
made good.
The furniture and versonal effects of
Mrs. Hart, the woman upon whom young
Schreiber is said to have lavished the
money of the Ellzabethport bank, was re
moved to-day to a storage warehouse by
order of the Sheriff. Three large vans
were required to remove all the content*
of the luxuriously furnished apartments.
Mrs. Hart was present and angrily and
tearfully protested against the removal of
what she claimed to be her own personal
property.
SUMMIT, N. J.. Oct. 12.— It !s reported
here to-night on the best of authority that
William Schreiber. the notorious clerk,
who secured the money of the Elizabeth
port Bank, was captured to-day at New
Providence, three miles from here.
KRUGKR SAID TO HAVE
LEFT LOURENZO MARQUES
Little Credence Placed in the State
ment That He "Will Be Refused a
Landing in France.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— A Sun special
from Brussels says: It is reported here
that ex-President Kruger sailed from Lou
renzo Marques yesterday on board the
Dutch cruiser Gelderland.
The Paris correspondent of the Sun
learns from an excellent source that it is
absolutely untrue that the Government
will oppose the landing of ex-President
Kruger at Marseilles. The report circu
lated to that effect was the invention of
newspapers hostile to the Government.
Should Kruger decide to disembark at
Marseilles he will be received with the
respect, honor and sympathy due to his
age and virtues and hfs office.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 12.— The South Afri
can League to-day passed a resolution in
favor of preferential tariff on British
manufacturer and adopted a resolution
averse to the Dutch language being aban
doned, -which was a suggestion of Cecil
Rhodes.
Sir Alfred Milne, the British High Com
missioner, has gone to Bloemfontein.
TRAINS COLLIDE AND
ONE MAN IS KILLED
Careless Brakeman Leaves a Switch
Open and an Express and Local
Meet Head On.
PLATTSMOUTH, Nebr.. Oct. 12.— By the
collision of two Burlington trains at this
place this forenoon F. Roberts, engineer
of the St. Louis flyer, due here at 11:15
a. m., was instantly killed, and Jerry
Kennard, the Adams Express messenger,
and the fireman of. the s»ame train were
seriously injured. All three lived In St.
Joseph. Others were slightly injured.
The wreck was caused by the St. Louis
flyer running into an open switch upon,
which the Bchuyler local had pulled to
get out of the way. A careless brakeman
failed to close the switch and a head-end
collision resulted, demolishing both en
gines and several cars.
PARTY GAINS IN
BRITAIN UNCHANGED
Sir 'William Vernon Harcourt Re
elected, but by a Diminished
Majority.
toKDON, Oct. 12.— In the western divi
sion of Monmouthshire Sir "William "Ver
non Harcourt, Liberal, has been re-elected
with a majority of 2575, securing J>j76 votes
as against 2401 cast for I. Gardner. Con
servative.
The fact that Sir William Vernon Har
court, like Sir Henry Campbell-Banner
man. was re-elected with a largely dimin
ished majority is regarded b" the Minlste
rialists as virtually a' victory for them
-The only other result announced this
evening is the re-election oi R. C. Munro-
Ferguson. Liberal. In Leithburgs. wher«
he defeated E. T. Salveson. Liberal-Union!
1st. The party gains are not changed.
Chosen Chief of Forestry
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.-Albert R
Green of the General Land Office has
been selected as chief of the new di
vision of forestry of the Interior nil
partment. authorized by the £2 c?£
GRAY SELECTED TOR
ARBITRATION BOARD
Is a Democrat and Now United States
Judge for the Third Judicial
District.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.— It is under
stood the President has selected George
H. Gray of Delaware to represent the
I'niw-rt States with ex-President Benja
min Harrison on The Hague permanent
arbitiation tribunal.
Judge Gray is a former Senator from
Delaware and a Democrat. He was a
member of the Paris Peace Commission
and is now u United States Judge for
the Third Judicial District. His selec
tion will not involve the surrender of that
nnsition.
REBELS SURROUNDED
IN SANTO DOMINGO
Revolutionary Movement Is Consid-
ercd to Have Been Suppressed
and Many Leaders Arrested.
SANTO DOMINGO. Oct. 12.— The Gov
ernment authorities in the interior re
port that the rebels are surrounded and
are asking for guarantees previous to
surrendering.
This city and the surrounding districts
are quiet. The revolutionary movement
is considered to have been suppressed.
Many important arrests have been made
and manifestos of the revolutionists have
been captured.
latter has made a statement in which he
accuses the, former of dragging him into
the crime. Jail guards mark their long
conferences together. They are in the
,same. cell at their own request. Theie
are no other prisoners in the building on
such intimate terms.
Brown said to-day that Smiley was one
of the best fellows in the world. "Frank
never told a lie and he never will tell
one," said he. "Anything he says about
this case is true." Just then Smile:/
passed Brown in the, corridor and slapped
him on the shoulder.
"Making a confession. Brown," he said
with a laugh.
Captain Colleran says he does not be
lieve tho theory. "But Brown is a shrewd
fellow," he said, "and you can't tell."
Predictions were made to-day that there
would be another arrest in the case be
fore many hours. Another Mooney & Bo
land operative is said to be under sus
picion and efforts are being made to find
him. as he is not connected with the Chi
cago branch. The agency denies the story.
"I do not think the evidence thus far
secured justifies the arrest of any more
perrons, and In my opinion there will bo
no more arrests," said Captain Colleran.
All the missing women named in the
early sensational accounts of the case
have been found and all have proved in
nocence of any connection with the dead
woman or the persons under arrest. No
importance is attached to the discovery
in Brown's traveling bag of a vial of
chloral hydrate. He has given the do
tectives a satisfactory/ explanation for
having the drug in his possession. In the
words of a detective having charge of the
case. "The bottom has fallen out of the
whole thing."
MOTIVE IS PATRIOTIC
Evelyn Baldwin, Explorer,
Will Lead and William
Ziegler Is Backer.
Special Dispatch to Tn« Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— Still another
American attempt is to be made upon the
north pole, and the announcement is
made that it is to be carried through if it
takes J1.OjO.000 to accomplish it. Evelyn.
B. Baldwin, an experienced Arctic ex
plorer, is to be the leader of this
expedition, and its chiaf backer is to bo
William. Ziegler. The first official an
nouncement of ¦ this undertaking was
made at a meeting of the Ariellc Club
thi3 evening.
The Baldwln-Ziegler expedition will not
make its attempt upon the pole before thu
summer of 1901, but in the meantime plans
will be perfected for its equipment, an. I
ships* purchased. Vessels espeeiaLy
adapted to Arctic work may be built for
the expedition, as in the case of English
and German Arctic explorers, which crati
are under construction.
Mr. Ziegier declares that no money will
be spared in properly equippinglthe ex
pedition, and says that if necessary
fl.OOO.OOO will be expended in order to in
sure the success of the expedition. He
says that this is a great patriotic under
taking, prosecuted solely for the distinc
tion it will bring the flag of the country.
Mr. Baldwin i9 thoroughly versed in
Arctic work. He was born in SpringfieTd,
Mo., and has led an adventurous life- Ho
was meteorologist of the Peary expedi
tion of 1303. In 1SD7 he made a voyage to
Spltzbergen to join Andree in his balloon
expedition to the pole, but when he found
Andree Mr. Baldwin was informed that
the basket of the balloon had no room
for an additional explorer. Mr." Baldwin
then on his own account went farther
north In order to add to his studies of
Arctic conditions. In lSM- 1^) Mr. Baldwin
was a member of tho Wellman Arctic ex
pedition to Franz Josef Land. Hi has
written a book on Arctic exploration an«l
for many years has taken a deep Inter
est In Arctic work.
NEW* YORK, Oct. 12.— George Y. Win
ner was the first witness called to-<Jay
before Commissioner Shields at the open-
Ing of the defense to the proceedings for
the removal of J. F.. E. H. and W. T.
Gaynor and D. D. Greene to Georgia.
Wisner is a civil engineer of Chicago. He
had examined the work done under Cap
tain Carter's supervision and testified as
an expert at the court-martial that the
work was well done and the cost reason
able. Under cross-examination to-day
Mr. Wisner. said he examined the work
done by the Atlantic Construction Com
pany at Cumberland Sound and Savannah
harbor under the contracts of 1S38 ana
found the work to conform with the
specifications of the contract. The .com
pletion of the contract was stopped when
Colonel Gillett took charge of the dis
trict.
For the first time since the proceed
ings began B. D. Greene and John l>.
Gaynor sat with their counsel and Cap
tain Greene frequently prompted the law
yers.
The EHstrict Attorney objected to most
of the questions and answers, but was
overruled on the ground that Captain Gil
lett had been asked exactly similar ques
tions when he testified for the Govern
ment.
Mr. Erwin asked "vVisner, on cross
examination, how much he was to revive
for his testimony. Counsel for the de
fense promptly objected.- Mr. Erwin
said quickly: -The question is material,
because it is but natural that a man's
testimony should be influenced by his in
terest in the matter under discussion. It
is an admitted precept in law that every
"man has his price."
"Not in the North." interrupted Mr.
KeHog of counsel for ihe defense. "Here
we have eome upright men."
Commissioner Shields ruled the question
improper.
The cross-examination of Mr. V/isner
was concluded and the hearing was ad
journed until Monday.
Tiff Between Lawyers When the Wit
ness Is Asked How Much He
Is Being Paid for His
* Evidence.
Wisner Says the Work
Was Well Done and the
Price Reasonable.
TESTIMONY IN
FAVOR OF GAYNORS
PLEASED WITH
THE RECORD OF
THE WISCONSIN
Secretary of the
Navy Congratu
lates Scott.
Messages Exchanged
With Other High
Officials.
MORE SIGNS OF SUCCESS
Battleship Has Left Santa
Barbara and Is Now Well
on Her Way to San
Francisco.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12— The official
report of 'the trial trip of the battleship
Wisconsin off Southern California is con
tained in tlte Following brief telegram re
ceived by Secretary Long from Admiral
Kautz. commanding; the Pacific Station
at Santa Barbara:
"Wisconsin completed satisfactorily of
ficial trip, making 17.2r.l knots, subject to
tidal corrections."
The Secretary also received this morn
ing the following telegram from 1. M.
Scott, president of the Union Iron Works,
in regard to the battleship:
"The Wisconsin presents her record,
1S.S4 maximum: average for thirty-two
knots, 17.S; a\ crape during trial, 17.25,
subject to corrections. Not a hitch. A
splendid battleship. We congratulate
you."
Secretary Long replied in the following
manner:
"TelesTam received. Congratulations
reefprer ated."
Er.plne«T in Chief Melville of the bu
reau, who designed the engines «f the
Wisconsin, has received the following
telegram from President Scott of the
Vnion Iron Works, where the big ship
was built:
"SANTA BARBARA. Oct. 12.-Rear Ad
miral Melville. Washington: We present
you a nr-w decoration, the performance of
the Wisconsin. Maximum speed, is. 04;
average fim half course of 32 knots. 17.19:
for the whole trip. 17.25. Western flavor
add*d to your engines beats the world.
A v crape revolutions. J1P.
•IRVING M. SCOTT."
Admiral Melville made the following: re
ply:
•NAVY DEPARTMENT. WASHING
TON. Oct. 12.— Well done. Scott. The Wis
consin is only a continuation of your en
gineering triumph and guarantee of
furthf-r t=ucces.> in the future. W>u necu
ro further commendation.
•MELVILLE."
SANTA BARRARA. Oct. 12.— The Wis
consin sailed this afternoon for San Fran
<!t-on. The otlier ships are still in tho
harbor, but w*,ll leave in a day or two
with the possible exception of the Iowa,
which may remain two weeks longer.
Equipment to Be the
Best. Money Can
Buy.
American Expedi
tion Now Being
Organized.
WILL SAIL IN
SEARCH OF THE
NORTH POLE
Pl>°ri«l Dispatch to The Call.
CA I.L ni'REAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.-In re
sponse to pressure applied by the United
States. Honduras is endeavoring to ef
fect a settlement of the Pears case. Min
ister Hunter cabled to the State Depart
ment to-day that Honduras has offered
to pay th<: heirs of Pears $5000 if such
payment would he a complete settlement
it the demand of this Government.
Secretary Hay immediately replied that
this fura was not sufficient, and that Mr.
Hunter must in^i.-t upsn the payment of
the fi-i! amount aemanded— Jlu.OUO. Pears
v.as murdered by a Honduras soldier in
February. lSyo. and alter this Govern
|:ient had established Honduras' respon
sibility a demand was made for Jio.OC'O.
This demand resulted in representations
to Secretary Hay from Pears' brothers^
urging him not to press the claim because
of the effect it would have upon them j
In Honduras. The Secretary complied
with the request, but Pears' brothers
Mlbsequently urjr^d that the claim be
pressed. The programme was repeated
and the department finally came to the
conclusion that In the interest of all
Americans >in Honduras the wisest thing
to do was t<> pr»"-pp the claim. The Hon
duras Government then requested time
for an Investigation, which was granted,
and it is understood that the commission
which ma'.le the investigation reported
that Honduras was liable and urged thai ;
a settlement be made.
It is in compliance with this report that
Honduras mifrje tho oftcr to compromise.
The authorities dislike to press Honduras
for s-«tt'ement on account of her poor
financial condition, but it is necessary that
this be done in order to teach her that
Arr.trican citizens ; Tnust be respected.
Secretary Kay, However, Instructs
Minister Hunter to Frsss the
Claim for the Tull
Offers One-Half the Sum
Demanded for Murder
of Pears.
HONDURAS WANTS
TO COMPROMISE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 190O.
Smiley and Brown
Saidto Be Playing
a Double Role. ;
Bottom Falls Out of
the Marie Defen
bach Case.
DETECTIVES FAIL TO FIND
EVIDENCE OF MURDER
2
All sorts of people use Pears' soap, a.i sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists.
No other soap in
the world is used so
much; or so little of
it goes so far.
THEORIES ABOUT CATARRH.
Peculiar Ideas Regarding a Common
Disease.
Mark Twain's cure for a cold tn the
head was simple, but he claims very ef-
fective In his own case. His plan was to
eat nothing whatever for twenty-four
hoars or presumably until the trouble had
, disappeared.
Although not able to speak from per-
sonal experience as to the effectiveness of
this treatment. It certainly has the merit
of extreme economy; but It occurs to us
that the application of it to a case of
nasal catarrh might be attended with dif-
ficulties
Catarrh, as every one knows, is a
chronic cold In the head, and Mr. Twain"s
treatment, if It should become a fad.
would make of us a nation of I asters; an
army, emulating the example of the im-
mortal Tanner, who achieved world-wide
fame by fasting forty days.
Catarrh is certainly becoming: a national
disease, and there Is little doubt but that
errors in diet, particularly overeating, is
a very common cause.
Must people, however, are more inter-
ested in the cure of th© trouble than in
the cause, and modern medical science
has produced more effective and less
heroic remedies than Mr. Twain's.
Guaiacol is. a new remedy, very effective
in some forms of catarrh. Eucalyptol la
another, which on account of Its anti-
septic properties Is very valuable, while
many severe cases of Chronic Catarrh
have been entirely cured by the sanguin-
aria or extract of blood root alone.
Within a year an enterprising chemht
has combined all of these remedies in
tablet form, palatable and convenient, and
the superiority of this tablet over other
catarrh remedies Is so apparent that all
druggists now carry them in stock to sun-
ply the popular demand.
They are called Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets, and It is doubtful If any medicine
has achieved a national popularity In so
short a time as this.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are used by
thousands of traveling men because they
can be carried in the pocket and used
any time and in any quantity, being free
from cocaine, opiate or any poisonous
They clear the head and throat from the
disgusting secretions of catarrh, very
often in a few hours' time.
For nasal catarrh they are far superior
to any wash, lotion or ointment, the use
of which Is often aa Inconvenient and an-
noying as the disease Itself.
For coucrhs. colds, bronchial catarrh and
catarrh of the stomach these tablets give
Immediate relief and a permanent cure
where lotions, douches and Inhalers make
no impression whatever.
Thi* preparation is a boon to catarrh
sufferers, and any druggist will tell you
that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets Is a remedy
that has come to stay. ...
DON'T be bashful
About stating your preference as to the
laundering of any particular article. If
you like more starch— or less starch— in
your linen, be kind enough to tell us, and
you will get. just what you want. In
short, we mean that we are under obli-
gations to you If you criticize where crit-
icism is due — you'll admit that this ts ael-
dom the case.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts, if
you order it. No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Off Ice— 32 San Pablo Ave.
Weekly Call % S1.00 nerYe^jMR. AND MRS. J. F. NOLAN. "WHOSE
MARRIED LIFE MAY END IN THE
DIVORCE COURT.
MISS LAURA LAMBERT, WHOSE
SCALP WAS NEARLY TORN OFF IN
A CANDY FACTORY.
Name, plate and 100 visiting cards en
graved In the correct style for $2. Cards
from plate $1 per hundred. Die stamping
and embossing done. "French Organdie"
and other new writing papers Just re
ceived. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 711 Market •
Poolroom Cases Set.
Attorney CofCey, special prosecutor • In
the poolselllng cases, succeeded yesterday
ln getting several of those on the Police
Court calendar set for trial. The case of
George Duncan •will be tried In Judge Mor
gan's court October 19, Thomas Corbet t's^
cas? In Judge Frltz'3 court October 22/
Henry Schwartz's case in Judge Conlan's
court October 2-5. Zlck Ahrams" and Abe
Kraus' cases in Judge Megan's court Oc
tober 16 and John Phillips', case in Judge
Fritz's court October 20.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Amelia Klock from Frank
Klock for willful neglect and - Bertha
Staeubll from Richard Staeubll for de
sertion. Suits for divorce have been filed
by Elizabeth Gilman against Xeal O. Gil
nian for failure to provide, Sarah C.
Strlplin against James II. Stiiplin for
cruelty. Florence Morris against Henry
"\V. Morris for Infidelity, Lena. Madsen
against Joseph Madsen for desertion and
Ellen Harrington against Harry Har
rington for cruelty.
Will Build Automobiles.
Articles of Incorporation of the Cali
fornia** Automobile Company were filed
yesterday. The capital stock Is $150,000. of
which $2» has been subscribed. The di
rectors are: Henry C. Whlttemore,
Michael J. Klrwin. Charles E. Hancock,
Sherwood Bird and Norton C. Hulse. |
Appeal Cases Not Heard.
Judges Cook.. Lawlor and Dunne did not
sit In bank yesterday morning in Judge
Lawlor's courtroom in the Hall of Jus
tice to hear arguments in cases on appeal
and give Judgment on other cases as
Judge Cook was unable to be present
having been called away to attend the
session of the Masonic Grand Lodge he
being grand orator. Judges Lawlor and
Dunne continued all the cases till next
Friday. Judge Dunne inspected his new
courtroom and Intimated that he would
refuse to move from the City Hall until
he was provided with a proper Jury room
Assistant District Attorney Deuprey has
taken possession of his Jury room, and he
was assigned a room Intended for use of
the Janitors. .
Immense Sh.02 Sale.
The $50,000 shoe stock of the Rochester
Shoe Co., N. T., will be sold at 50c on the
dollar. 'Finest shoes ever made for men.
women and children. Sale to begin Mon
day. Oct. 15. at the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717
Market street, near Third. •
New Steamship Company.
The Mexican Steamship Company has
been Incorporated, with a capital stock
of $100,000. all of which has been sub
scribed by the following directors: J. von
Helms, Nathan H. Frank. Ira S. Lilick.
F. R. Swasey and J.V. Geary.
Mrs. Nana Draude. who lives on Ber
nard street, surrendered herself yesterday
to the police and was booked at the City
Prison on two warrants charging her
with battery. The complaining witnesses
are Mrs. Margaret Kerr and her sister.
Miss Jennie Bole, who live near Mrs.
Draude. Mrs. Draude had them arrested
on a similar charge, but the cases were
dismissed. The fight took place on Sun
day night. September 30. -while Mrs. Kerr
and her sister were returning home from
church.
Women's Triangular Fight
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 12.— In the Supe
rior Court this afternoon a Jury acquitted
Walter H. Watson of the charge of hav
ing murdered \V. J. Breckenridge on the
night of June 2.
Deputy District Attorney McComas ad
dressed Judge Smith, saying that he was
convinced there was not sufficient evi
dence to convict Watson of the crime and
he therefore moved that the court instruct
the Jury to acquit. This was done by the
Jury without leaving the courtroom and
Watson was discharged.
The case against James Murray, charged
Jointly with Watson, was also dismissed.
missal of Murder Charge.
WATSON" GOBS FREE.
Prosecuting Attorney Asks for Dis-
Judge Lorigan then discharged the few
Jurors that had been chosen, and appoint
ed Coroner Kill as an elisor to select a
venire of eighty talesmen. They will be
In court next Monday morning, to which
time the case was continued.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 12.-The attorneys for
"Jack" Ortega, charged with assaulting
Grace Gamble, sprung a surprise in court
this morning:. An affidavit by Ortega
was presented, stating that the Sheriff
and his deputies had take an undue in
terest In the apprehension of the defend
ant, and were biased in summoning
Jurors. It asked the court to appoint an
elisor to summon a new venire. District
Attorney Campbell offered no objection
saying it would be unwise to take any
chance of the subsequent discovery of an
error.
Try His Case.
Causes Dismissal of Jurors Sworn to
ORTEGA GAINS A POINT.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Oct. 12.— Collector
of Customs J. M. Bowell has received tel
esraphic advices from the department at
Ottawa statins that the importation of
fruit trees and bushes will be allowed
from the United States and other coun
tries from October 1 until December 31.
Fruit trees will be fumigated under the
superintendence of a special officer, who
is just completing the construction of a
building- for the purpose. The process of
fumigation will not be in the least in
jurious to the trees, and being under the
supervision cf a competent ohicer cannot
fail to be satisfactory. On an order grant
ed by the officer in charge the customs
authorities will accept the entry of the
trees.
Port of Vancouver.
TREES MUST BE FUMIGATED.
Order Regulating Importations at the
RIVERSIDE. Oct. 12.— The largest po
litical demonstration of the season oc
curred here to-night in honor of the visit
of Governor Gage, who delivered an ad
dress at the opera-house to a large as
semblage. Republicans from many out-
Eide points were on hand, and this city's
voters were out in full farjje. The Gov
ernor Epoke on "Militarism and Imperial
ism." and his remarks were frequently
interrupted by applause. > , .
Governor Gage at Riverside.
VALLEJO. Oct. 11— Hon. Frank Mc-
Gowan was the speaker at a great Re
publican rally held here this evening. Ic
marked the opening of the campaign by
the Republicans and was the occasion of
the raising cf the McKinley and Roose
velt banner. The newly formed Spanish
War Veterans Republican Club acted as
escort for the speaker. Captain CJ. H.
Oakley acted as president of the meet
ing: and Introduced Mr. McGowan.
Vallejo Hears Frank McGowan.
D. M. Deln-.a?. the gifted Democratic
«->rator from San ' -Francisco, spoke with
Mr. Farrahar at the- mass meetinc: here
to-night. He was piven a splendid re
reptlon and his discussion of the Issues In.
this campaign was listened to attentively.
Jainss F. Farrahar and D. M. Delmas
NAPA, Oct. 12.— James F. Farrahar of
Bfskfyou County, Democratic candidate
for Congress in the First District, ad
dressed the citizens of Nar.a at the opera
hoiise to-nifrht. Notwithstanding that
this is the home of his opponent, Frank
L. Coombs, the voters turned out in large
numbers ta hear him. Mr. Farrahar
5rck:e at CaHstoga on Thursday night to
a large audience. To-morrow he will ad
drrss the Veterans at the 'Sountville
Home and In the evening speaks at St.
Helena.
the Orators.
DEMOCRATIC BALLY AT NAPA.
To-morrow night Mr. Woods will speak
at Sacramento and the voters of every
precinct in the county have been invited
to attend. The Reliance Club of Oakland.
one hundred strong, and the Capital Me-
Kin'.ey Club will take part in the street
parade In the evening.
GALT. Oct. 12 —The Congrersional cam
paign In Sacramento County was opened
at this place th!s evening- by Samuel D.
Woods. Republican candidate for Con
prets In this district. Great preparations
were made to receive the candidate and
the result was one. of Jh* 1 largest political
gatherings that has been seen here In
yex-rs. For the past few weeks there has
teen evidence of a we akening of the Dem
ocratic and a strengthening of the Repub
lican ranks in this vicinity and Mi.
Woods' eloquent spvech this evening: did
much to strengthen Republican sentiment
araonK the hundreds of voters who filled
the Town Hall.
publican Sentiment.
Speech Does Much to Strengthen Re-
VOTERS OF GALT HEAR WOODS.
head last Sunday by Neil Frerrer. died
last night at St. Mary's Hospital. Sulli
van ran a livery stable on the corner of
Sixth and Jessie streets and Frerrer was
in his employ. The latter made a demand
for monev due and was refused by Sulli
van, and the men o.uarreled. Frerrer left,
the stable, but returned later in the day.
Without warning he walked up to Sulli
van and jabbed a penknife into his head.
Frerrer was arrested and held pending
the result of the wound. A charge of mur
der will now be preferred against him.
WOUNDS INFLICTED BY |
FUEHRER PROVE FATAL
Liveryman M. F. Sullivan, Who Was
Jabbed With, a Penknife, Dies
at St. Mary's Hospital.
M. F. Sullivan, who was stabbed in the
SYDNEY'S TRIBUTE
TO CONSUL BELL
F'j.Ier UnioQ of f^nglo- ;
Saxon Race Advo
cated. I
STDXET. N. S. W.. Oct. 12.— Ten -
thousand citizens of Sydney assem- -
bled In the Town Hall to-night to -
pay a farewell tribute to George ¦
W. Bell, the United States Consul. ¦
Earl Boaucharop. Governor of New •
South Wales, presided, and an en- ¦
grossed address from the citizens
was presented to Mr. Eell.
Speeches were made by Sir
George t>ibbs, former Premier, and
by John See, Chief Secretary of the
Colony, both of whom advocated a
fuller union of the Anglo-Saxon
race and greater commercial reci
procity.
Mx. Bell, who was received with
the greatest enthusiasm, pointed
out tnat trade between Australia
and the United States had in-
Creased 200 per cent since he as- •
surged office as Consul in. Sydney.
? ???????¦»»????»?»??????(
1 Sr-e^ia.1 Dispatch to The CaJl.
; LOS ANGELES. Oct. 12.—Ex-Council
i man John Lovell ha? become a raving
! maniac, hi? mind having given way com
! pletely. and it will be necessary to send
! him to an asylum. Mr. Lovell has been
; [Tl failing health for several years past.
\ Ho has been subject to fainting fits and
j has had several narrow escapes from fall
i ing in front of streetcars, only a few
i months ago collapsing before a car at
i First ar.d Spring streets. Since that time
I he has remained at his home at Ninth
, and Main streets most of the lime.
Last evening he was attacked by a
' fainting spell at hi? home and when re
j vlved his mind was a blank. He was very
I violent and neighbor? sat up with him all
1 night to prevent him from doing violence
j to himself, as hi? mania had taken a de
| structive turn. It was said this morning
i that none of the private hospitals v;ould
! receive him as a patient and that he had
I been refused admission to the county hos
i pita I. friends are assisting his wife until
; it can Ix» <3^terminecl what disposition
i sbal] be made of him.
Mr. Lorell formerly represented the
Seventh Ward in the City Council and up
to a fe*.r weeks ago insisted that he was a
candidate for ro-el»ction. He is in good
circumstances financially, owning' th<»
property at Xinth and Main rtreets,
where he ran a grocery for years, besides
1 other real o=tat<? in the city.
Himself.
Ex-Councilman John Lovell of Los
Angeles Becomes a Maniac and
Seeks to Injure
REASON SHATTERED
BY LONG SICKNESS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 12.— Emile P. Mayer, a
young business man of this city, was to
day sentenced to serve sixty days in the
County Jail and pay a fine of J250 by Jus
tice Oneal fcr embezzling $14 from the
i. tV. Spring Company while employed
there a? a clerk. Mayer was in the ser
vice of the Spring Company for year~.
Two months ago the company allege.1
that he had embezzled ?H received in pay
ment for a suit of clothes. When accused
<jf the theft, so witnesses for the prose
cution testified, he admitted it. and
acknowledged that his peculations had
gene on for years.
Mayor turned over $10^0 worth of build-
Ing and loan stock to F. W. Moore, the
manager of the store Later he declared
he had been coerced into signing over the
stock and brought suit to recover it. Then
the Spring Company charged Mayer with
misdemeanor embezzlement. On th»
stand Mayer admitted having taken the
$14, but no more. His attorney to-day
a5ked that a nominal line be imposed.
Justice Oneal denied the request and sen
tenced him to imprisonment. A bond was
immediately given, and an appeal will be
taken, on the ground that the sentence
is excessive.
Mayer is a popular young man. When
ho left the Spring Company he and hts
brother opened a clothing store, which
they are now conducting..
Young Business Man of San Jose
Ssntenced to Serve Sixty
I>ays in the County
Jail.
STOLE THE PRICE OF
A SUIT OF CLOTHING
George Nemr, a Syrian, living at 141
Natoma street, was charged In Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday with battery upon
J. Conway. a cook, living at 560 Howard
street. The evidence showed that Nemr
was standing on the sidewalk talking to
a lady, when Conway brushed against
him and remarked, "What are you talk-
Ing - shorthand for?" Nemr struck him
and three other Syrians came out of the
house, tore his coat and shirt and beat
him. The Judge will give his decision on
Tuesday.
Harry Walters, the bunko-steerer who is!
accused of petty larceny by tricking Lo
renzo Snow of Salt Lake out of $45, ap
peared before Judge Fritz yesterday. ' The
case was continued until Monday. The
police almost despair of getting a convic
tion against Walters. He has been ar
rested about twenty times this year and
at present there are three cases against
him in the police courts. Every effort will
be made to get a conviction In one of
these cases s>o as to get him out of the
way for some months at least.
Airs. a. Knowiton, ~J5 Fulton street, •se
cured a warrant from Judge Fritz yes
terday for the arrest of Frank William*
on, a charge of petty larceny. Williams
is a casual acquaintance and called at her
house on Thursday night. After he left
she missed her gold watch and cold
bracelet, both being valued at J45.
Charles Webber, saloon-keeper, 32 Sec
ond street, swore to a complaint in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday for the arrest
of Frank Davis, a bricxlayer. on 1 the
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses. On September 23 Davis got W eb
ber to cash a check for $S3 SOon the Bank
of California. Oakland, signed by I \
Coonardt of Oakland, stating that he 'had
done some work for Coonardt. It is nov,
alleged that Davi*. while on a visit to
Stockton, called at the postoffice for nail
and got a letter which was meant for an
other Frank Davis containing the check
C. G. Blake, machinist, who, along "with
M. Bradley, another machinist, raised a
row at the Ttvoli on Sunday night and
knocked down the special officer was con
victed by Judge Jlogan yesterday on a
charge of battery. Bradley failed to ap
pear and his bail of J2S) was declared for
feited and a bench warrant was Issued fo
his arrest. Sentence upon Blake was de
ferred until next "Wednesday in the hODe
that Bradley, who lives " in Oakland
would meantime be arrested.
Mrs. Kate McNamara. 1016 Brvant
street, is determined that her son who is
just out of his teens shall not marry
Maggie Mularkey. she had repeatedly
ordered her out of the house, but Maggie
always returned. Thursday night she had
Maggie arrested on a charge of vagrancy
and the case was called . before Judsre
Conlan yesterday. The Judge heard Mrs
McNamara's evidence, but was at a loss
to understand how the girl could be called
a vagrant. At Mrs. McXamara's rcouest
he continued the case until to-day as she
promised to bring forward witnesses to
support the charge.
A. G. Fitzpatrick. an old man. was
charged in Judge Fritz's court yesterdav
with battery upon D. J. O'Brien, cleric
for the Board of Public Works. The evi
dence showed that Fitzpatrick called upon
O'Brien for payment of a bill for r>»
which O'Brien claims was' outlawed'
O'Brien started to put Fitzpatrick out and
Fitzpatrick struck him on the head with
his cane. The Judge dismissed the case
Frank Cole, alias Curley, charged wi'th
assault to murder for shooting Thomas
F. Fallon at 422 Dupont street was in
structed and arraigned in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday and the case was con'
tinued until next Wednesday.
Gus Van Detten. the bartender from
Red Bluff who failed to carry out h"is
promise to marry Mrs S. M. Cleghorn
and Is accused of embezzling her gold
watch valued at ?1CO. was instructed and
arraigned in Judsre Conlan's court vester
flay and the case continued until "next
Wednesday. He was sentenced to twen
ty-four hours for contempt of court.
Three Friends Assaulted J. Conway.
Why Georg-e Nemr, a Syrian, and
INCIDENTS IN POLICE C0UET.
Evidence Taken at the -Preliminary
Examination of J. Snowgrass
Before Judge Fritz.
The preliminary examination of J. Snow
grass on the charge of assault with a
deadly weapon was commenced before
Judge Fritz yesterday. He was accused
of cutting Policeman F. C. Howard with
a knife. In Mrs. L. K. Skelton's saloon.
Central avenue and Sutter street.
Howard testified that defendant and his
friend, Charles Batterock, entered the sa
loon early in the morning while he was
standing at the bar. He had a drink with
them and they asked for a bed for the
night. Mrs. SKelton told them she had no
room, but they went to a lounse and bojh
fell asleep. Mrs. Skelton askea him to get
them out, as she wanted to close up the
place. She tried to do so herself, but
failed. He took hold of the defendant's
coat collar and roused him and the de
fendant struck at him. The defendant
and his friend went out, but the defendant
returned to the bar and showed fignt.
Ihey grappled with each other and tell.
After the defendant left Howard discov
ered he had been cut. He was corrobor
ated by Mrs. Skelton and other wit
nesses.
The defendant testified that Howard
struck him on the jaw to awaken him.
After he and his friend went outside he
returned with a hat," as he had taken the
wrong one. and Howard attacked him.
He had a knife In his hand and raised It
to protect himself and supposed that was
how Howard was cut. Later Howard re
marked that if he had known at the tims
he was cut he v.-ould have used hl3 re
volver. He was corroborated to some ex
tent by Batterock.
Judge Fritz apparently did not think the
case a stronp one. but reserved his deci
sion till Monday.
CUTTING OF OFFICER
HOWABD INVESTIGATED
MRS. MAUD M. NOLAN has
sued her husband. J. F. Nolan,
for an absolute divorce and a
division of the community prop
erty. Both parties to the suit
¦re very well known In this city. As M:?s
ilaud M. Treadwell the wife was iie:r*-ss
to a large fortune. The husband, Joe
Nolan, is vice president of the No'an Shoe
Coznpa&y, a young man. popular ar.d ex-
though they attempted reconciliation after
several quarrels.. Th^ir ch'ld. for whom
Loth had a dee? affection, was frequently
tmnely well liked by a large circle of
frier.ds. The Oivoree which was asked
yesterday by Ms wife -was not by any
means a surprise. It was threatened for
a lor.g time and the domestic troubles of
the ycur.g couple wore generally known.
Husband and wife could not agree, al-
as possible, but before the big wheels
ceased to revolve, however, the unfortu
nate girl's scalp had been frightfully lac
erated and her hair torn out by the roots.
Miss Lambert wore her hair loose while
at work and as the pulley shaft runs on
a level with her head It was an easy mat
ter for the accident to occur.
ment. As she passed near a shaft, over
which the belting rrom the engine
passes, her hair was caught and she wa3
dragged off her feet. The grirl's shrieks
alarmed her fellow employes and they
rushed to her assistance. Engineer Rob
ert Durst stopped the engine as quickly
MISS LAURA LAMBERT, resid
ing at 1314 Madison avenue, met
with a distressing and peculiar
accident in Haas' candy fac
tory. 810 Market street, where
she is employed as a chocolate dipper,
yesterday afternoon. The girl's hair be
came entangled in belting that run over
a pulley and before the machinery could
be stopped her scalp was nearly torn off.
She was at once removed to a private
sanitarium and every attention given
her. It Is not thought that her injuries
will prove fatal.
Miss Lambert is but 15 years of. age
and has been in the employ of George
Haas & Son for nearly six month. 1 ?. She
is a chocolate dipper and was considered
an expert at her trade. Yesterday after
noon Miss Lambert started to walk
through the engine-room of the establish-
| peacemaker In the disturbed household,
j but each succeeding quarrel widened the
i breach, until the inevitable came and the
suit for -divorce was Instituted. Mrs.
Nolan alleges Incompatibility and de
mar.ds a division of the community prop-
I erty.
( It Is over this demand that a stubborn
contest Is probable, as husband and wife
have very conflicting ideas of what this
community property is. Joe Nolan has
nothing to say in reference to his wife's
suit. Ke has been served with no papers
and has not seen the complaint, which, by
order of court, has been sealed. When
Maud Treadwell married Joe Nolan she
I assigned a large part of her property to
j her husband. She also made subsequent
! assignments, until her entire wealth had
been turned over to her husband.
She inherited from her father's estate
more than JITo.OOO. and received about $30.
000 more upon the death of her mother. It
is over this property at least, and prob
i ably more, that the contest will be made.
It is probable that the wife, in addition
' to a demand for a division of the com-
I munity property, will also file suit for a
; revocation of iLe assignments made dur
i ing her unhappy married life.
The suit, which has just been filed, re
! calls the marriage of Mrs. Nolan's sister
to James Swinnerton, the caricaturist.
I This alliance also was unhappy.
CHARTER IS NOT
RECOGNIZED BY
JUDGE CONLAN
He Ignores Section Protect
ing Defendants Prom
Attorneys.
A case showing that a Police Judge was
either Ignorant of one of the provisions
of the charter or knowingly violated it
came to light yesterday when Lottie Fos
ter, a woman of the tenderloin, made a
complaint at police headquarters that G.
W. Rose, an attorney, had obtained from
the property clerk $5 that belonged to her
and refused to deliver It to her.
The woman was arrested last week on
a charge of grand larceny for stealing $5
from a man. A $5 gold piece was found
on her and was booked as evidence. The
case was heard before Judge Conlan and
was dismissed, as there was no evidence
to show that the woman had stolen the
money. Ex-Judge Graham was engaged
to defend the woman, but he turned the
case over to Rose. Rose applied several
times to Property Clerk Esola for the $5,
but was unsuccessful In getting the
money*- Last Wednesday Rose, accompa
nied by Judge Conlan, called upon the
property clerk and produced an order,
signed by the Judge and written out by
himself, authorizing the property clerk to
deliver the $5 to Rose, and not wishing to
disobey an order of court Esola handed
the money to Rose and obtained his re
ceipt.
The Foster woman yesterday demanded
from Rose the return of the $5, after she
had ascertained that It had been delivered
to him. He lifted his cane and threatened
to strike her. Later they met In the Hall
of Justice, as she had been advised by the
police to se# Judge Conlan, and after they
had expressed their opinion of each other
in forcible language Rose handed her the
$5. She Intimated her intention of com
pelling him to deliver up $20 he kept from
bail money she had put up for a friend.
Captain Seymour was notified of the cir
cumstances, and he expressed his surprise
at the action of Judge Conlan and the
property clerk in view of the fact that
section 2 of chapter S of the charter had
been adopted speciallv to cover such
cases. The section reads as follows:
When property or money taken from any
person arrested or otherwise under suspicion
of having boen feloniously obtained or of be
ing the proceeds of crime is brought with the
claimant thereor belore a court tor examin
ation and adjudication, and the court shall
adjudge that the person arrested Is innocent
of the offense alleged and that the property
or money belongs to him. It shall order such
property or money returned to the accusej
and the property clerk shall thereupon deliver
Fuch property or rnoney to him personally, but
not to his attorney or agent.
Property Clerk Esola admitted that he
was not aware of the provisions of the
section, otherwise he would not have de
livered up the $5, even on Judge Conlan's
order.
OTder of Court Made Delivering
Money. to an Attorney Instead
of to the Person It Right
fully Belonged.
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1900.
MRS. "JOE" NOLAN DEMANDS
A DIVORCE AND A FORTUNE
HAIR CATCHES IN BELTING;
SCALP NEARLY TORN OFF
3
ADVZHTISESIEKTSw
"Badly Crippled."
Rhenn£tism at its Trorst is a sort d
living death. It chains a man to a chair
or birds him to a bed, and rnetes out tc
frim a daiiy martyrdom. At the best
«— ->v^ rheumatism is a
fe* «j?3? painful malady, in-
rt3^L*y^t* terfering alike with
vwfi^'w pleasure and busi-
<^.*A- frZr&i To <r.:re rheurna-
:^&« '•i / *'? lr":X?~? tissn it :s necessary
£5pj»i . ¦«'*^ to eliminate from
WW the blood the acid
*E£ %^l?z£2&&£i$F poisons which are
w^fEriRf* i!S3%£*m tte ca " ?e °- 'he dis-
¥£r&£g§3i ea ! e " This is elTect "
t^v^^J-'ir^^ir^ " se °- Dr. I'ierce's
Golden Medical I>ls-
g^^Svt^a^j out of the blood the
feJ-Affffifcgs&J •„-¦"•» corrupt and poison-
\m "\"\rw£&?* JUJjl ou . s accumulations
l}.'S.\i f'^cf'f/^&r*-' which breed and
f£*>*?'S£ ftp creases the activity
H?j| Frj*/*^? \f of the blood-making
%l fij tf'^a ' glands and sends an
fci M r^sj increased supply of
g fcH rich, pure blood
f Rf!l£^i' through vein and
\ ij^i^y , arter)' to strengthen
«^^.l^ I everv organ of the
jggilgy body.
£^^i >Okl " I 5"' 2 - been troubled
{w2f with Thrursati^TH for
>jrV$r II twelve veer*, so bad at
iCJH/ U timw. I'could not leave
m v bed.™ writes Mr.
K.' J. McKaijrht. of
Cades. Villiajr-sburj? Co., S. C "I was badly
crippled. Tried n:a::v doctors and two of then
jjavff me \tp to die. jfone cf them did me much
good. The p=.:ns in mj- back, hips and Ie^rs
land et tinw in my head), would nearly kill
me. My apprtite wa« very bad. Everybody
who f-x.tr rae *aid I zanst die. I took five bottles
of the -Coidrc Medical Discovery' and four
viai« «f Pellet* • and to-day my health is Rood
after suffering twelve years with rheumatism."
Doctor Pierce 1 s Pieasant Pellets are
¦ocvveriul aids to the cleansing of the
ciop^ed system. By all dealers in
xnecLicine.
•• > *<ms-/«M IT *"* ** *¦ • Pea-peiwrjo^
~rfk e v«&*' *^?*^5l r e °'dy '« tionorriue*,
*iB*& r CCnEi> ifM ° lBet . cr«'natorrbi»,
' £&F,Tt- itctd*r*.\9 "Mttj. oomts'al ii*.
}-/£* ti=ar»n%o<j gj rLiivr*. or aor in2r— ri*.
r ¦*» *? sat to »iru»or«. tloa. , irritation or ai.er»
r T . oxntftnc tioo <-? ddco:i ek»
i^alrKtivm CK£¥'rn fa ***»•*• Noo-««rlaffHiS.
vSkftwiun-o.553 Sold V DrnBrrtltn '
* 1 - r ". " r 3 tottit*, t±.7u
_ Riteii .^^^ * HIi'iiTWi* E Vl'ilPliI III CWiTttftn unioul
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Noted Boston Woman Describes
its Symptoms and Terrors. — Two
Severe Cases Cured by Lydia S.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
" I am so nervous ! no one ever suffered as I do ! There
isn't a well inch in my body. I honestly believe my lungs
are diseased, my chest pains me so, bat I have no cough. I
am so weak at my stomach, and have indigestion terribly, and
palpitation of the heart ; am losing flesh ; and this headache
and backache nearly kills me, and vesterdav I had hvsterics.
c: There is a weight in the lower part of my bowels, bearing
down all the time, with pains in my groins and thighs — I
4 can't sleep, walk, or sit, and blue — oh goodness ! I am simply
the most miserable of women."
This is a most vivid description of a •woman suffering with
nervou3 prostration, caused by inflammation or some other
diseased condition of the womb.
No woman should allow herself to reach such a perfection
of misery when there is no need of it. Read about Mis3
Williamson's case and how she was cured.
Two Bad Gases of Nervous Prostration Cured*
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham; — I "I had nervous prostration
was suffering such tortures terribly, caused by female
from nervous prostration that weakness. I suffered every-
life was a burden. I ( could thing; was unable to eat,
not sleep at all, and was too sleep, or work. After a while
weak to walk acros3 the floor. I was induced to try Lydia E.
My heart was affected so that Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
often I could not lie down at pound, and I really began to
all without almost suffocating, improve on taking the first
I took Lydia E. Pinkham's bottle. I continued to take
Vegetable Compound and it the medicine, and am now
worked like magic. I feel that better in every way, and feel
your medicine has been of in- like a different person. I am
estimable benefit to me." simply a well woman."
Miss Adei.k Williamson, * Mbs. Della Keiseb,
196 y. Boulevard. Atlanta, Ga. MarienTJlle, Pa.
I APfinA REWARD.— We bare deposited with the National City Bank of I.yrn, $5000, I
I Vr |% 1 1 1 1 9 I w hloh will be paid to any person who can find that the abofo testimonial letters I
I ,7l. S i * i 3 ? 1 are> not genuine, or were published before obtaining the Mritrt-N *p<»<ial per- I
I VU WW mission. LYDIA £. P1XK HAM MEDICLS'E CO. IBig Gap Between Lead
ers and Tail-End
ers Makes Double Race.
NO CHANGE IN
THE POSITIONS
OF THE TEAMS
Following is the standing of the league
clubs:
A ladies'- challenge class has been de'fl
itely formed at the San Francisco Golf
Club, the qualifying round for admission
to its ranks having taken place last Sat
urday on the Presidio links. Aar Miss
Sarah Drum and Miss Hager tied with
scores of 142, these two ladies will have
to play a match to decide which of them
shall take seventh place and which eighth
in the class. The lady ranking eighth will
be open to challenge, by any lady In. the
club. It is certain that one of the ladles
at present in the class will be dispos
sessed when Miss Alice Hoffman returns
to the links, and it is highly probable
that several of them will be compelled
successively to yield her place. The la
dies will shortly get out a programme of
events for tho winter, Miss Hoffman being
the official handicapper. The green com
mittee will prepare a programme of
events for the men. At present the Pre
sidio courso is very hard, but as soon as
it has been softened by rain the work of
Improving it will begin. New teeing
grounds will be built and the putting
greens rolled and leveled.
Last Saturday the qualifying round for
the competition for the Captain's cup was
played on the links of the Oakland Golf
Club and to-day the cup contest will take
place over eighteen holes, medal play
Next Saturday there will be men's tour
somes, with handicap, for club members
match play, over eighteen, holes, for tro
phies.
Nothing has so far been heard of a
challenge from the Oakland Golf Club
to the San Francisco Golf Club for a team
match. But as the event has become an
annual one It Is presumed that the losers
of last year's series of matches will issue
a challenge, especially as a former United
States open champion, Herbert Rawllns
has been engaged 4 as instructor.
A busy golf season Is expected at Coro
nado during the coming winter »v*il
Ham Robertson, formerly instructor atth«
Presidio links and afterward at Sant-\
Monica and Riverside, was recently mar
ried In Santa Barbara to Miss Aiabel Som"
erby Newman.
CflPTfllN'S CUP FOR
ADAMS POINT GOLFERS
Drink "Rainier," only beer on pacl/lc
Coast that roerived a medal, at Paris Ex
tosition; awarded for purity and quality.*
Julius Hawkins. < Dick Henning, M. L,.
McGladdery and "William Roehr were fish
ing off Lime Point on Thursday for rock
cod. « They caught a~ big mess of fish
which they claim weighed 210 pounds. ¦
Qaught Rock Cod:
. In. our. trunk and valise -department we
have the;, newest^ in, wardrobe
trunks, bureau trunks,' dress suit- cases,
traveling sets, ladies' pocketbooks, etc.
Gold lettered, free of charge.. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Wardrobe Trunks.
BERKELEY, Oct. 12.^The tie game be
tween the Berkeley High School "eleven
and Bonne's University School was played
off to-day on the University campus." The
high school boys won by a score of -16-6.
Owing to a decision of the umpire which
tlje Boones team claims to'be unfair the
game will be protested.
Will Protect Game.
The Basket Ball League Committee of
the San Francisco and Oakland Young
Men's associations met on
Monday* evening last and completed ar
rangements for the tournament Four
teams have entered, two from San Fran
cisco; and two from Oakland— the Rush
ers, representing tho : San Francisco a"
sociation, the Mission Branch" team and
the Athens and Spartans of Oakland
lows? pcrsonneI of the teams is as' fol-
Fred L. Shaw, manager; A. H
w° r ,ifl n> . 1^: Frank Goodrich. Otto
\\ allfisch, J. E. Grant. G. C. Thomn^on
Herbert S. Morton and Charles Stewart*
-Missions-William Lamont. manaX
George T. Shaw Jr., captain; I. fl" sSn-
BASKET BALL LEAGUE
SCHEDULE OF GAMES
born, W. Gorman. W. Cattleman r> t»
McLeod. J. S. View. O. ARHp,\S t - R -
Athens-W. E. Rode, manager" F t
Bo t k. captain: Joseph iXlSSter P™i
Mageratadt. T. F. Bullock w^w
Schmidt, John Harrlg., Roy baker
C^les>/enn RaISt ° n -
The Rushers and Spartan* will nn» n ,u
league in the San Francfsco Y M P 7« l \ e
on Friday evening. October 19 whilethe
Athens and Misslbns will do th» I,
In Oakland on Tuesday evening h ?-" or3
b « t \Th* schedule isVYofe. ° ct °-
- A v. fean Francisco— October 1» Pit«h^
vs. Spartans: October no Tthens"v s m..*
sions: November ?. Spartans vT mi*'.. IIs '
November 2. RushcrS vg Athw ! ° nS:
At Oakland— October " *•? in,,!..
Missions; . November 13 ' Snar^n, VS "
Rushers: November 20. Athens^ v? r». V k
ers; December 4. Soa^^ &ls&i
Fifty yards dash, juveniles— <J. Buzzoni. D
Korwln, O. Duke. J. Hayep. L: Fplnk. II. Car
roll, J. IMxon. T. Fell, F. Run-lin. P. Ili»vert.
U. Buckley, J. OCrien, W. Carroll. H. Smith
F. Hushes. B. Kipp. J. Stockton. • >
I'ridfT-rvatrr ewimming. diving for plates,
high diving for boys— Open to all.
One-hundrfd-yarJ race, amateur* — E. Sun
b«-K, It. Keclar, J. Hailey, R. Hiding, • K.
K<ran, C. I>uran. T*. Log-ue, J. Enusmy, F
Wolfe. O. LrtwenbcrK, I\ Levin. J. Mitchell, j'
Pnn^rs, F. P~-.lston, J. Bradley. C. Fredericks.
Trick and fancy snrinjrboard diving— J. A
Jackson. J. , Kelly, <;. "Wallace. J. «ardiner
K. Cordell. I* Wayward.-;, F. Brodwer, J
Krafmy. T. Carter. H. Dodson, G. Butter
worth. G. Koiber, F. nrmvn, U Haywards.
r>. Hand. O. turner,- A. Ilpefv, T. Carter.; ~r
Following ore the entries for the swim
ming races on Sunday at Sutro baths:
SWIMMING RACES
&T SUTRO BflTHS
The regular monthly meeting of the Pa
cific Association of the Amateur Athletic
Unjon was held last night, delegates be
ing present from the Alameda Boat Club,
the Dolphin Boating Club, the Ariel,
South End and Pioneer Rowing clubs, and
the universities of Stanford and Califor
nia. George James.. John Elliot and H,
A. Keeler were selected to serve on the
board -of managers of the Amateur Ath
letic Lnion of the United States. The
secretary of the Pacific Association was
Instructed to communicate with the Lur
! i?£i s . wl m A m inff Club and the Stockton
Athletic Association, informing those
bodies that, unless they send representa
tives to the next meeting of the asso
ciation, they will be dropped from the
roll. President W. B. Hinchman an
nounced that before the next meeting he
will appoint commissioners in each
branch of sport recognized by the asso
ciation. The following committees were
appointed: On records, H. A. Keeler R
Hutchlnson and George Elliot; on legis
lation. George James. J. R. Bockman and
T. It. Sands; on finance. A. H. Mellitz
A. P. Rothkopf and R. Hutchlnson. t'
R. SandB, president of the regatta com
mittee, announced .that the late- J B
Muirhead left a fund to provide challenge
cups to be competed for by oarsmen full
particulars of which will be given out
on the return of Mrs. Muirhead 'from a
trip to 'Honolulu.
PACIFIC ASSOCIATION
* IN MONTHLY MEETING
The late show at Tanforan Park, while
not distinguished for the large number
of dogs exhibited, was remarkable for
the satisfaction seemingly afforded to the
exhibitors. Only one. protest was devel
oped, and thar was caused by. a misap
prehension on the part of the noted
jockey. Tod Sloan, who entered his English
Setter In the novice class-under thename
of Flying Fox, whereas the dog had been
registered as Royal Gladstone Fdwin
F. Smith, the secretary of the San Fran
cisco and San • Iviateo Agricultural Asso
ciation, has suspended the dog's ,win,
pending the decision of the secretary of
the American Kennel Club. .
The first litter of Boston -Terriers ever
whelped on the Pacific Coast was born on
Monday last. Mrs. J. P. Norman's I^ady
Montez (A. K. C. S. B. 5B727), byChampion
Spider out of Lizzie, gave birth to five
well-marked puppies, sired by Mrs. H H
Carlton's Tremont (A. K. C. S. B. 47976)'
by Thorndilke Brindle, out of Lrorden's
Mollle.
James Cole, x who performed fo sat
isfactorily In the judging ring at Sacra
mento, has-been .compelled -to decline the
invitation of the California Collie Club
to judge the show at Oakland. It is un
derstood that Mr. ; Davies of Victoria: B
C.. will officiate inhisplace. Mr. Davies
has had a long and honorable career,- both
in England and on this coast, and there
is probably.no one on the coast. who could
give nearly as much satlsaction as an all
round expert. ,
KENNEL NOTES AND
BENCH SHOW ECHOES
Tho match Past vs. Present between
cricketers who have not played for some
years and those who have been in reg
ular practice, which was to .have taken
place this afternoon, has been called off,
for the present at least. The cricketer
charged with the duty of getting together
the team of present-day players wished
the game to take place in Golden Gate
Park, but the oldtlmers desired to play
in Alameda, where several of them reside,
Hence a deadlock and the abandonment
of the match..
The return match. Young -America ver
sus Old England, will '*be played to-mor
row on the AVebster-street ground, Ala
meda. Young America will be represent
ed by F. Croll, captain; V. Seebeck. W.
G. Fortmann. H. Bird, -A.- "Willis. B. Theo
bald. H. Ward Jr., U Schroeder, J.
Brown, W.Rlchter and F. Stahl. AvV'G.
Fortmann, Harold Ward and F. Croll will
be the -bowlers, while the same three,
with . V. Seebeck', H. Bird and L. Schroeder.
are looked to as the run-getters. Old Eng
land will be represented by R. B. Hogue,
captain; J. J. Theobald. ,E. G. . Sloman
J. H. Saunders, A. D. Reynolds. H.
Ward, C. Coles, D. Jamieson, A. Wild
ing, J. Myers and J. Guild. On the occa
sion of the first match Young America
beat Old England by nearly thirty runs,
and hopes ¦ to repeat its victory to-mor
row. The teams are nearly the same as
in the first match. The Old England team
haa a great deal of batting strength and
should turn the tables on its, young an
tagonists. ' .
YOUNG AMERICANS AT
BRITONS' NATIVE GAME
YACHTSMEN PREPARE
FOR SEASON'S CLOSE
The beginning of the end of the yacht
ing season is at hand. This evening the
San Francisco Yacht Club will give tho
last dance of 1D0O in the clubhouse at Sau
salito.- The cuests will reach Sausalito
by the ferryboats, which leave San Fran
cisco at 5:15. 6:15. 6:40 and 9 p. ra.. return
ing from Sausalito at 10:55 p. m. To-mor
row the closing cruise of the season will
be taken, under signal from the flagship
Ramona. The Corinthians have open
dates on their programme.
Next Saturday the C&rlnthlans andCa'I
fornias will hold their closing estertaln
ments and on Sunday, the 21st, will take
the last cruise of the century. The Cali
fornia Yacht Club will hold an informal,
smoker In Its clubhouse on Saturday even-
The South Bay Yacht Club will cratu
to Dumbarton Point to-morrow and has
open dates for the rest of October The
Enclnals will hold a cl->slnsr entertain
ment at the clubhouse on November »
ai ?,1 the closing day of the South Bays
will be November 4. The Oakland Canoe
Club has nothing on its programme fc
to-day or to-morrow, but next Sundiv
tommodore Caduc will cruise to the FaV
alloneg on hla fast sloop Annie. On th 3
27th there will be a reception during th«
afternoon and a dance in tho evenlne
the clubhouse on Sessions Basin
The new owner of rhe schooner Agsrfj
J. V. Coleman. has been sailinsr a 7™i
deal lately.: but has ¦ unfortunate v been
compelled by ill health to give up yacht
ing for the present. The San Fran r u,n
fleet wiir receive the ad.lifion .o a flno
new yacht next season. F. a Hyde whS
has recently joined the club Nv"i build a
yacht haying a water line measurement
of forty-two feet from plans by the ?ele
brated designer. V. D. Bacon of Barnsta
ple. Mass. Bacon designed T. W. Hob
i-on's sloop Gladys, which Is now owned
in the Hawaiian Islands. Mr Hvde"
new boat will be provided with an aux
iliary engine. * u *
This afternoon the German nine will
meet the millers in this city. They will
line up:
Ptockton. Position. San Francisco.
Graham Catcher Sullivan
Johnson Pitcher......... Fitzpatrick
£traub First base.:.. Pabst
Courtney ....Second base......... Schwartz
Moore :... .Third base ;..... neilly
Babbitt Short stop..... Knic
McCarthy Left field............... , Levy
McGucken :.. Center field Brockhoff
McHale Right field Hlldebrand
After much travail and burning of en
thusiasm the fanatics walked up Eighth
street last Sunday afternoon with sore
- throats and excoriated lungs. It is doubt-'
ful whether any such excitement was ever
seen before at a baseball game in this
city. The crowds in the old Haight street
days were larger and the Interest in the
game just as Intense, but no such demon
stration and wild delirium of noise
reigned as an accompaniment to a dia
mond performance.
The game itself was not food for critical
enjoyment; Full of errors and wild inco
herenctes, it was anything but a scientific
•game. Both teams played nothing better
than rank baseball. It was the turn of
fortune, a lucky victory, when defeat in
big black letters was registered against
San Francisco that made the excitement
and took 9000 people clean out of their
minds.
Cut out the plangent accompaniment,
supplied by the spectators, and the last
game of the remarkable series between
Sacramento and San Francisco is not
worthy of a passing notice. The first two
games were. On Saturday twelve innings
of careful, scientific baseball were played,
the result being a tie. When two nines
play as long a game as this and but a
single error on each side is committed
then a scientific game is in order. And
Hughes, the great, was in the box for
Sacramento. He was hit,* and hit hard,
during the Saturday game. When called
Into the box. Sunday, ostensibly to save
the game, he was touched for three hits
in a single inning. It looks as If Hughes
were not the giant of other days. At any
rate he was found by the local swatters.
Fltzpatrick. who pitched tho morning
game at Oakland, was put in tho box
during the afternoon. This was a piece
of poor judgment on Harris* part and it
nearly cost him the game. 'Fitzpatrlck
, never could hold his head before a big
crowd, and the work in the- morning
weakened him considerably. The Oakland
game was the best, of the season from
the baseball view point. The score, 1—0
and one error are points to remember.
The same small gap separates the lead
ers and the same congestion exists be
tween Oakland and Stockton. The race
for leadership and the tair end position Is
equally hot.
On. Monday night Mrs. J. B. Muirhead,
widow of J. B. Muirhead, for many years
a member of the Ariel and Pluneer row
ing clubs, entertained the members of the
Pioneer senior barge crew, some private
friends and other guests at dinner. After
presenting each of the crew that won v the
senior barge championship at the annual
regatta on September 9 with gold buttons
as souvenirs, Mrs. Muirhead announced
that her husband had set asido a fund to
provide trophies annually for the oars
men. She also stated that a racing shell
brought out to this city for the use of
Stansbury, the sculling champion, but
which has never been pulled, and some
pairs of sculls will, be rallied, the proceeds
to be added to the fund already created.
Mrs. Muirhead left San Francisco for
Honolulu with the Mystic Shriners, but
will return in about three weeks. The
Pioneer crew sent her a fine basket of
flowers on her departure. On her return
the raffle, which is under the manage
ment of T. Sands, chairman of the regatta,
committee of the Pacific Association, will
take place. The first prize will be the
racing shell, a pair of sculls, the cover
and horses; second prize, a handsome
stop watch that has been used in timing
championship races In Eastern Canada,
British Columbia, Australia and Califor
nia; third prize, a pair of sculls used by
the champion, O'Connor.
. Though there is no regatta in sight for
some months, the rowing men are taking
advantage of the smooth water and clear,
warm days to spend most of Sunday
around the boathouses. The Ariel Rowing
Club is gaining new members constantly
and the project of erecting a new and
commodious boathouse is receiving mucn
attention.
Dr. C. C. Dennis of the South End Row-
In? Club thinks that for the purpose of
maintaining interest during the winter the
clubs on Long Wharf ought to hold
monthly barge races and skiff contests,
allowing the crews or scullers in the
heavier and slower boats a time handicap
based upon the speed of the craft.
Nothing further has been done with re
gard to the suggested amalgamation of
the Olympic and Triton boat clubs, which
at one time seemed somewhat probable.
The boats belonging to the Olympics,
which had been stored in the Triton boat
house, have now been taken back to the
Olympic quarters at Tlburnn. As the
Dolphin membership Is. full and the Tri
tons have the only other boat club on the
north side of the city a few new members
are joining the latter club. '
Oarsmen Will Soon Have
Fund for Prizes
and Rowing Trophies.
MRS MUIRHEAD
IS PATR0NESS
TO THE ROWERS
At Lnlon Park to-day the first round of
a 112-dog stake will be run. There will be
no coursing at San Mateo Park either to
day or to-morrow. The Ingleside Asso
ciation is financially embarrassed, to say
the least. J
On Saturday, October 20, the first round
of the stake will be run and the first
round of the consolation. On Sunday
'both stakes will be completed.
The open coursing this year will no
doubt draw a larger crowd than last yeaA
It will be held at Modesto beginning No
vember 12. -4 ,
Following are some of the best nomina
tions: George Malcolm, Sacramento Boy;
W. C. Glasson, Narcissus; C. C. Griswold,
Flying Fox; R. L. Taylor, Harlean
Gladys; II. C. Klevesahl, Wedgewood;
I. C. Klein. Golden Russet; W. A. Hinch
man, Crawford Lass; Frank McComb,
Royal Flush and Said Pasha; Sterle &
Knowles, For Glory; J. Dean, Slsquoc;
R. K. Malcolm, Fine Fire; Curtis & Sons,
Beacon and Luxor; Eugene Geary, Palo
Alto and Ireland; Lowe & Thompson,
Flora McDonald; George Nethercott,
Floodgate; J. J. Kenny, Hot Haste; P.
J. Reilly, Warship and Royal Union;
Captain Cane, Greenhall; George Whit
ney, Theron; W. J. Browning, Lavina or
King Cotton; T. J. Cronln, Wild Tralee;
J. P. Thrift, Brutus; George Sharman,
Chicago Boy; Russell, Allen & Wilson,
Spiteful and Victor Boy; J. H. Perigo,
Bohe; H. A. Deckelman. Rocker; Dr.
Leonhard. Master Laurence -and May
flower; R. E. de B. Lopez, Sara and Col
onel Lopez.
Sam Handy will send out Twin City
Girl; J. H. Ros«eter is thinking of start
ing the English dog Fortuna Favente,
which .was imported^ for stud purposes,
but lately has been showing^ up in good
form. Rosseter is also thinking of enter
ing Emin Pasha, the winner of the last
American Waterloo.
With J. H. Rosseter's For Freedom out
of the race Curtis & Son's Beacon seems
to have the choice of the talent for stake
favorite, but there are many other dogs
rated as possible and even probable win
ners.
The biggest coursing event in the his
tory of the sport as practiced in America
will take place in this city next Saturday
and Sunday. When the sixty-four dogs
entered in the John Grace stake course
at Union Park next week they wi.l have
watching their performances the biggest
crowd that has ever gathered at an
American coursing event. Every dog en
tered is fast and experienced. ,
Annual Plains Meeting
and John Grace
Stake in Preparation.
BIG COURSING
EVENTS ARE ON
THE PROGRAMME
Announcer "Bob" McGib-ben, for years
connected with the California Jockey
Club, Is about the freshest arrival
from the far Kastern country. Bob lost
no flesh during the hot spell, has culti
vated a seaJ-brown freckle or two more,
says his voice is in good repair and that
he broke about even <*n the trip, liob
brings along quite a budget of news, only
serving to substantiate other reports that
the coining California, season of racing
may provo the greatest in the history
of the sport. Frank Hckert is a healthy
winner «Jid George Rose, making a mam
moth book, is thousands ahead of the
game. Both will journey this way at the
close of the Eastern season. Orlando
Jones, F. Franks and Al StoKes, well
known New York pencilers, signified their
intention of making the California trip.
.Tormriv Coleman is due here next week
• nd the Qulnn boys will probably accom
pany trim. Anv number of owners have
an rye on the rich purses offered at Oak
land and Tar.foran, among them EC Bell,
who visited this •coast last year and
tipned "Toddy" Walsh.
There will be no dearth of riding talent,
for Spencer, Henry, liullman. Nash Tur
ner and O'Connor will all be seen here..
Sp*iK-er, it is said, suffered from a. streak
of bad luck for a. time, but has lost none
of his skill in the saddle. Henry will en
deavor to have the California Jockey
Club rescind the ruling made against him
last sj>ring. when his name was connected
with the Hennessy-Pig-goU-Lvnch scan
dal.
Walter Jennings must have gathered up
a bis etable since his arrival at Sacra
memo, for he wired J. W. Brooks yester
day for twenty stalls at Oakland track.
Johnny Schorr made a request from New
York for twelve stalls.
Iilliy M arrant-, who arrived at Oakland
some days ago with a big stable of horses
from. Chicago, managed to get mixed up
In a streetcar accident and now gets
about with the aid of a crutch. The in
jury, whi'e painful, is not serious.
After a tour down the grand circuit
with the trotting horse men Al Coney is
back in town. ' Al and Tommy Keating
were on the closest terms of friendship
and he is almost heartbroken over the
great reinsman's death.
Owners of runners contemplating a trip
to Los Angeles, where a big race meet
will be held the latter j;art of this month.
• an lenrn full particulars as to* transpor
tation at O.ikiand track this afternoon.
frank Miner, in • whose /:ame Hani
Knot. Pirate J and other horses raced
the past season, got in from Chicago
Thursday night. "Pony". was connected
with a booking enterprise, and, as usual,
is on velvet.
Al Koninrsberg, fer porae time in the em
ploy of Bookmaker Joe Rose, has de
veloped Into a "boy wonder." After
plunging on the horses from the ground
with Indifferent success. Al concluded lie
would ko on the block. . With a thousand
dollars of his own money and a like
amount Invested by Joe Rose, some good
breaks were had at Harlem and at last
accounts the firm was 17000 to the good.
Eastern Bookmakers and
Turfmen Looking
This Way — Notes, Etc.
CALIFORNIA TO
WITNESS SOME
GREAT RACING
General Dickinson will be on the Point
Reyes marshes to-morrow. He has prom
ised at least fifty ducks.
The quail season opens in Marin County
on Monday and many of the shooters will
see what the fir,st days bring. H. C. Gol
cher will be among the first shooters. Re
ports bespeak a great number of quail in
the hills.
The big army of gunmen that left last
Saturday for a day's sport on the marshes
returnea a very disappointed band Sun
day night. Lucky \va3 he who had a
string of half a dozen birds. From the
present indications tho same conditions
¦will prevail this week.
A well known sportsman says it is al
ways thus.
"I have never seen an exception to it,"
he declares. "At the first of the season
the marshes are fairly covered with birds,
but after tho first shoot away they go
scampering: to far off climes. The winter
rains and the cold air are necessary to
bring the birds to the ponds. The fusil
lade given to the early birds last Monday
a week was enough to scare ducks away
for twenty years."
At the Field and Tule Club last Sunday
seven guns brought in eighty-two birds.
Colonel McMahon being high with twenty.
Al Cummings tried his luck on Wednes
day at the same place. He killed twenty.
H. B. Hosmer, Dr. Derby, E. W. Briggs,
L. Titus and A. F. Hopke will shoot to
day on the Cordelia -marshes.
. Aohille Roos is getting ready for a sea
son on the San Pablo Club ponds.
At the Pringle Club last Sunday the
high man shot four birds.
Disgruntled;, sick of mind and profane
of tongue are the duck shooters this week.
First of all, there never was such a bright
opening to the . season, which was on
Monday, October 1. That was an earnest,
they all\aid, of an unparalleled season.
Then came rains that started the ducks on
the wing and this was followed last week
by the hottest kind of weather, which
kept the birds high in the air and far
away from the shooting grounds.
Birds Seem to Have Dis
appeared — Quail Sea
son Will Open in Marin.
DUCK SHOOTING
DOES NOT MEAN
HEAVY STRINGS
THIS IS A SAMPLE OF THE RELIANCE CLUB'S DAILY PRACTICE. A FLYING LEAP .AND A TACKLE BY HAMILTON HAS BROUGHT
THOMAS TO THE GROUND, AHERN BLOCKING 'HIS FURTHER ADVANCE.
RELIANCE and Stanford will meet
to-day on the Sixteenth and Fol
som street grounds In the first
college-athletic club, football
gam© played this season on a lo
cal gridiron. Two weeks ago Reliance
played Stanford and was defeated by a
single goal. Last Saturday the same team
played a tie game with California. These
early successes have put ginger into the
clubmen, and they will play hard and
furiously this afternoon for the honors of
victory.
BERKELEY, Oct. 12.— Dissatisfied with
the poor showing of his patchwork eleven
last Saturday/ Coach Kelly has been
shifting his men around at a lively rate
during this week. With the exception of
the veteranB the rest of the team has re
ceived a thorough shaking up, especially
the backs and the left of the line. Most
of the positions still stand wide open, and
the problem who shall 1111 them is any
thing but easy. i.\..V : v
Nothing satisfactory has been developed
to satisfy the demands of the quarter
back question. More is poor at passing
the ball and McLain, though excelling
him in this particular, lacks too many of
the other qualifications for the place.
Coleman and Decoto are hard workers,
but have shown little brilliancy in their
play.
Left half and fullback seem hard to fill
without a Hall or a. Kaarsberg on the
Hold. Of the host of candidates Duden.
Sherman. Mini and Whipple have, a de
cided lead for the vacant half. Mini, the
little star discovered for last year's fresh
man team, has the making of a lirst-class
player if not handicapped by his lack of
weight. Whipple is larger than any of the
previbus threo and plays a dashing fight
ing game. His work, however, is too er
ratic and unreliable as yet.
Fautz has be-jn temporarily retired from
fullback and Braley is being tried In his
stead. Having speed, weight and withal
good punting ability, he should make a
notable fullback. His greatest failing is
a tendency to loaf. Between Fautz and
Braley clearly rests the fight for this
P With Womble. Pringlo and Smith
bunched on the right of the team this side
may be regarded as practically impregna
ble. ¦ •¦¦¦-
Left end is now held by Starr, the prom
ising freshman, -who has been forging
ahead of his rivals. He plays a cool.'
heady game, both on the defensive and of
fensive.
Left tackle -seems to rest between Al
bertson. Castlehun and Hansen. with the
chances still the better for the lirst man.
though Castlehun is giving him a hard
race.
Stowe Is being tried at center during
Cornish's sickness. He plays better here
than at tackle.
Clay easily holds left guard. He Is be
ing trained to play against Seeley of Stan
ford. Right guard is doubtful. Luce,
Dunbar, Overall and O'Toole are all like
ly men. Hector, a new man from the law
college, will come out in a day or two.
The list of freshmen eligible to play in
the football game against ' the Stanford
freshmen on October 27 contains forty
two men. It is as follows:
• N. K. Brinr*. J. R-- Buchanan, I* M. Cole
man. A. K. Curtis. I* C. I>Jfr, E. Fautz, N. J.
Fletcher. S. U Haas. E. A, Hamltn. P. N.
Hanna, W. Hanaen, It. Hector. S. Henclricks.
W. O. Howell. O. K. Hopper. C. D. Kae.llne.
O. A. Kraft, !». V. Korbel. R. A. Lyons. V\ .
S*. Mason. H. H. Minor, H. S. Minor. It. W,
McCormlck. O. Overall, J. V. G. Posey. R. F.
Phillips. J. C. Pickett. W. A. Ramsaur. T.
Rowland, P. M. Savage. O. A. Schleslnger. II.
V. Sherman. "W. G. Spencer. C. V>. Star* S. M.
Ktow. F. W. Skinner. C. C. Walker. O. F. Wal
lace. J. C. Whipple. W. Wight. R. I*. Wil
liams. \V. A. K. Woods,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 12.—
With the close of the fifth week of foot
ball training the cardinal's squad is
rounding into something near varsity
form. The men generally are In pood
physical condition and the practice games
are unusually brisk for so early In the
season.- Coach Yost's policy of playing
the same men together long enough for
them to learn the fine points of their po
sitions is proving conducive to team work.
. The season has now reached the point
wncr»> ncavy mass piajs mm ***"^"*^2r
ing bucks are of ordinary occurrence. Tr.e
backs nre working well together and BaVo
developed Rood Interference. The work or
Slaker at fullback is creating much ad
miration and winning Him hosts or
friends. Up !s fast and strong In inter
ference, backs up a line well and Is a surj
grouryl gainer ij-hen Riven the ball. \\ ttrt
Fisher and Hill or Gelssler th*> varsity
will have a trio of backs that can be de
pended upon.
The work in the line-has improved ~,om< > -
what. The most noticeable feature is
when the tram is placed on the defensive.
Then the men set tot-ether and .*hQgf
something liiie varsity form. Bi:t whN\
playing on the offensive they lack ag
gres^lveness. With the exception of So»
ley and Traeger they are absolutely tame,
showing no disposition to rip up their op
ponents' formation. The end places are
being looked after more satisfactorily
since th# return of "Tommy" McFadden.
left end on last year's team. Allen i*
showing up well for the other extreme,
as 13 Thompson, Cooper and Luck.
SPORTS OF AUTUMN ON THE GRIDIRON,DIAMOND, TRACK, FIELD,
RELIANCE AND STANFORD ELEVENS ARE
BROUGHT FACE TO FACE ON LOCAL "GRID"
THE SA3T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, Uuru±5 JUK is, ivw.
4
CLUBS.
o a a
• c*3 o 3 —3
a 2 *S S
'• '• a
3
Sacramento ,
San Francisco
Stockton
Oakland
38 I
39 I
31 I
: - 33 I
I 30
132
I 38
l« I
6S .558
71 .549
C9 .449
74 .445
CLUBS.
o a a
• c*3 o 3 —3
a 2 *S S
'• '• a
3
Sacramento ,
San Francisco
Stockton
Oakland
38 I
39 I
31 I
: - 33 I
I 30
132
I 38
l« I
6S .558
71 .549
C9 .449
74 .445A meeting of the Floral Society was held
yesterday afternoon at 233 Sutter street.
Mrs. E. E. Smith presiding. A report of
the committee on exhibition and awards
Floral Society's Meeting.
ST. PAUL.. Oct. 12.— President Mellen. of
the Northern Pacific, has issued a circular ap
pointing W. O. Pearce. who is assistant to trie
president, with headquarters on the Coast, gen
eral manager of the Seattle ami International,
lie has been acting In that capacity for some
time. The position of master of construction
has been abolished and that of superintendent
created. . M. B. Cliff, who filled the former,
has succeeded to the latter.
The gymnasium of the Young Men's
Christian Association was crowded last
night, the occasion being "ladles' night."
The programme was as follows: Orches
tra selection; dumbell drill; tumbling
bout. Messrs. Trenthelm and Merz; bas
ket-ball by members of the association;
electric club swinging by M. C. O'Brien;
blind man's buff by Merz and Gleason.
Gymnasium Crowded by Ladies.
The members of the Gentlemen's Sodal
ity of St. Ignatius Church will meet at
their chapel on Hayes street to-nforrow
morning and march to early mass'at the
cathedral. It Is the intention of the So
dality Dramatic Club to present shortly
Shakespeare's "Comedy of Errors." which
they are now rehearsing.' Particular at
tention Is being paid to scenery and cos
tumes.
Sodality to Attend Mass.
The Transvaal committee of California
held a meeting last night in the Phetan
building in honor of the birthday of Paul
Kruger. Resolutions were sent to the
South African President wishing him long
life and eventual triumph in his fight for
liberty against British rule. Among those
present were: Judge M. Cooney, E. T
Pinther, E. T. Carvello, Dr. J. Gibbon. C.
J. Buller, I,. C. Lewis. Val Deasy, Ed
Zschiesch, R. P. Troy and T. P. O'Brien.
Celebrated Kruger's Birthday.
Entries for the Burns handicap. Thorn
ton stake. Palace Hotel handicap. Pacific-
Union handicap. Gunst handicap, Lissak
handicap, McLaughlln selling stake,
Naglee* selling stake, Follansbee handi
cap and Gebhard handicap, all to be run
over the Oakland track, will close on No
vember 5, 1900.
The California Jockey Club was in re-,
celpt of so many entries for the Golden
Gate selling stake, to be decided Novem
ber* 17, and for the Burllngame selling
stake,' drawn for decision December 17,
that it has been decided to give a sec
ond edition of the same, to be run during
the winter and spring meeting of 1901.
The new events will bo special handicaps
at $750 each, at the same distance, eligible
only to horses entered In the stakes
named.
Additional Stakes at Oakland.
When questioned as to his motives for
tho attack on Schmidt, Dugan denied hav
ing any knowledge of the affair, asserting
he never had a pistol. Dugan's sister died
about three months ago at St. Mary's
Hospital, and his mother is lying at the
point of death at her residence on Harri
son street. So much Illness and trouble.
It Is presumed, are the cause of his wild
actions.
• Fearing he might carry out his threat
Schmidt gave him another drink. Dugan
then walked out. going to his home, where
he was arrested by Officers P. Butler and
M. P. Hurley. He was taken to the City
Hall station and booked on a charge of
assault to commit murder.
Hugh B. Dugan entered the grocery and
liquor store of W. F. C. Schmidt. STL First
street, yesterday afternoon, about 3
o'clock, and demanded of the clerk. John
W. Schmidt, a drink, saying he had no
money, but would pay for It Jater. His
demand was complied with after a. little
hesitation, but hardly had he taken the
liquor when he demanded another glass.
The second drink was refused him. He
then drew a revolver and fired directly at
Schmidt. Fortunately the latter turned
and the bullet burled itself in a cheese
on the counter. * It was a narrow escape
for the grocery clerk, as the bullet marked
the lower edge of his vest as It whizzed
by him. Dugan then commenced to use
foul language, threatening to kill any one
who refused him a drink.
Missile Scorches the Vest of a Gro
cery Clerk and Lands in a
Cheese on the
Counter.
Dugan Shoots When a Bar
tender Refuses a Sec
ond Glass.
PAYS FOR DRINK
WITH A BULLET
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 12.— The flght be
tween Al Neill and Ben Trimble, which
was to have taken place before the Capl
taU City Athletic Club to-night, did not
materialize on account of a financial strin
gency in the sporting market. There was
only about 5250 in the house, and the fight
ers refused to go on for so small an
amount, so the money was refunded- at
the door.
Gate Receipts.
REFUSE TO FIGHT.
Neill and Trimble Not Satisfied With
showed an encouraging- prospect for the
floral show to be held at Sherman. Ciay
& to. s Hall on October 25. K and 27. At
the meeting some rare specimens of plants
and flowers were exhibited, notable among
them beJng a cactus dahlia, the property
of J. W. Bagsre. The assembly was ad
dressed by J. A. Magulre.
Stole a Plated Watchchain.
A man who gave hia name as Clay Mar
kle was locked up In the City Hall polio
station last night on the charge of petty
larceny. Markle went into th© Jewelry
store of Taber Bros.. 910 Market street,
and asked to be shflwn some gold watch
chains. When the salesman's back was
turned he slipped a chain Into his pocket
and departed. His action was observed
and Policemen McEntee and Fraher were
notified. They arrested him with the prop
erty on his person. The chain was val
ued at $1 50.
DENVER. Oct. 12.— "Bud" King, col
ored, of Denver, got the decision byei"
"Young" Kenny of Chicago, at the* end
of ten rotfiTds to-night before the Colo
rado Athletic Association. The bout was
to have been between Kenny and Joe
Knisley of Denver, but the latter was ill
and King went on In his dace.
"BUD" KING GETS THE
DECISION CVER KENNY
Robert Walker.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 12.— Robert Walker, a
prominent 1 pioneer resident of Vineland
District, died to-day of pneumonia. He
was a native of Canada. 60 years of age
and possessed of considerable property.
Three children survive him.
John Even.
NAPA, Oct. 12.— John Even, a native of
Prussia, aged 71. died at Dr. Burke's San
itarium at Altruria last night. Mr. Even
had resided In Napa since 1SG3. and for
many years was engaged in business with
John F. Zollner.
Empress Fredsrick Very 111.
KRONBKRG. Prussia. Oct. 12.— The
court marshal of Dowager Empress Fred
erick announces that her Majesty's Ill
ness has reached the acute stage durina
the last few days, but that in the opinion
of her medical attendants her condition
may be shortly ameliorated. Professor
Penvcrs of Berlin has been summoned to
attend her.
Harry Clinton.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 12.— Harry Clinton, 23
years of age, who served In the Philip
pines as a member of Company K, Thir
teenth Infantry, died suddenly at the
County Infirmary this morning. Pneumo
nia was the cause of death.
Governor Richards 111.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— Governor de Forest
Richards of Wyoming- was removed from
the Talmcr House to-day to St. Luke's
Hospital. The Governor was suffering
from acute inflammatory rheumatism and
by the advice of his physicians he was
taken to the hospital In an ambulance
It was given out to-night that Governor
Richards' condition was not serious but
that the nature of his complaint would
necessitate careful nursing and complete
rest for a time. No arrangements have
as ret been made to take him to his home
in the West.
Brother of the Girl, Who Is Under
Suspicion, Refuses to
Testify.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.-The Coroner's
jury to-day returned a verdict to the ef
fect that Ifate Scharn had come to her
death by asphyxiation and strangulation
at the hands of some person or persons
unknown. Fred Scharn. the eighteen
year-old brother of the murdered girl
who has been in the. Tombs under suspi
cion of having caused her death refused
to testify before the Coroner's Jury to
day. Several witnesses testified to hav
ing seen Scharn in his sister's room on
the morning of the murder, and Police
Serjeant Schier testified to the finding of
certain bloody aprons In Scharn's apart
ments. K
The Coroner in charpinpr the Jurv said
that no positive evidence had beech sub
mitted connecting any one with the ccm
m!=sionof the murder.
Young Scharn was taken back to the
Tombs and will be held until the police
shall have made further investigation in
to the case.
VERDICT OF MUBDER
IN THE SCHAJtN CASE
BLIND CITIZEN OF SAN
RAFAEL TIRES OF LIFE
£pecial Dispatch, to The Call.
SAN" RAFAEL. Oct. J2.-IIenry P.
Woods, a real estate dealer of .this city,
disappeared from his home on Fifth street
late this afternoon. After a search lastinj
u'nt'.l 10 o'clock to-night he was found In
a dying condition near the courthruse by
L. Hughes-. There were two bullet wounds
in the abdomen, and Dr. H. O. Howitt.
who was called to attend h«m. rays there
is little hope for hi? recovery. The wounds
were self-lntlicted.
Mr. Woods for a number of years has
been totally blind, and this infirmity,
added to a mental affliction which has re-
cently manifested Itself, led to the trag
edy. Though blind. Mr. Woods has al
ways roamed from one end of the town to
the other. Once he walked alone from
Bollnas to this city in the night, a dis
tance cf twenty-two miles.
Mr. Woods Is well known amonsr the
broker3 and business men of San Fran
cisco. Some years aeo he was very
wealthy and owned some of the choicest
property here. Of late years he has suf
fered many financial losses ard they
preyed upon his mind until it became de
ranged. He has a wife and two small
children.
Clubs— TV. L,. Pet. I Clubs-' W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....SI 54 .600lChicago .....64 74 .46t
PlttsburK ...79 59 .574!St. Louis 63 75 .457
Phlladclphla.73 64 .533 Cincinnati ..62 75 .452
Boston 66 71 .452 New York.... 60 77 .438
BROOKLYN", Oct. 12.— To-day's game wound
up the leafrue K-ason at Washington Park. At
tendance 1000. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 9 16 4
Brooklyn 4 9 : l
Batteries — Carrick and Bcwerman; Yeager
and McGulre. Umpire — Snyder.
PHIUADELPIIIA. Oct. 12.— Philadelphia de
feated Boston by better fielding. Attendance
623. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 5 7 0
Boston 4 9 3
Batteries— Dunn and Jacklltsch; Nichols and
Clark. Umpire— Hurst.
riTTHBURG. Oct. 12.— Pittsburgh battery
saved the team from defeat to-day. Attend
ance 1000. Score:
R. H. K.
Chicago 6 8 2
PittHburg 10 11 2
Batteries— Callahan and Donahue: Phllllpl.
Poole, O'Connor and Donahue. Umpire — O'Day.
BROOKLYN DEFEATED
BY THE TfllLENDERS
Resolutions were also adopted after con
siderable discussion limiting the number
of players of each team to fourteen. By
this arrangement four pitchers and two
catchers will probably compose the bat
tery strength of each team.
Resolutions were passed ratifying the
deal which gives Pitcher Roscoe Miller to
Detroit and Outfielder "Topsy" Hartzell
of Indianapolis to the Chicago National
I^eagxie Club. Hartzell has been playing
with Cincinnati. There was further dis
cussion in regard to the dropping of Kan
sas City and other American League
teams from the present circuit and the
takinsr in of Baltimore and Washington,
and Manning of Kansas City was assured
that his team would be located In a satis
factory city.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— The magnates of
the American Baseball League at their
meeting here to-day took a decided step
In the direction of Independence from the
National League by declaring they would
no longer countenance the "farming" sys
tem now in vogue between the major and
minor leagues. The baseball leaguers de
cided that henceforth no American League
player will be farmed to a National
League and no National League team will
be permitted to ¦"loan" to an American
I-eaffue team.
FflRMIKG OUT OF B0LL
PLAYERS TO BE STOPPED
Selling, mile and a sixteenth— Celtic Bard
won > Kitty Clyde second. Capron third. Time,
Five and a half furlongs — Patroclus won,
Danjterfleld second, Elsie Del third. Time,
1 :08tj.
One mile, selling— Captain Galnes won. Will
Far second. Sylvlan third. Time 1:42
Five and a half furlongs— Gold d'Or won
Theory second. Vide Vance third. Time 1:06
Seven furlongs, selling— Tom Kingsley won.
Horseshoe Tobacco second, Tlckful third. Time
1:23. '
Selling, six furlongs— Sam Lazarus won. El
sle_ Barnes second. Kitchener third. Time,
Mile and a quarter, selling— The Devil won.
Harry Nutter second, Clay Pointer third.
Time, 2:07 3-5.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 12.— Results at Klnloch
Park:
One mile, selling— La Goleta won. Charlie
O'Brien recond. Scarlet Lily third. Time, 1:41.
Five and a half furlongs— Maude Gonne won,
Cora Goetz second, Tenny Belle third. Time,
1:07 1-5.
Steeplechase, short course— Becky Rolfe won
Brakeman second. Arquebus third. Time!
3:40 2-5.
BUFFALO. N. Y., Oct. 12.— Weather
fine. Results:
Seven furlongs— The Laurel won, Plllardtst
second, Salvado third. Time, 1:2S^.
Five and a half furlongs— Lightning Flash
won. Hayseed second. Dreamlife third. Time.
1:10.
One mile — Cad Hazel .won, Robert Gray sec
ond. Pouble Dummy third. Time, 1:40^4.
FiVe furlongs— Letla Barr won. Toad Ralney
second. Petra II third. Time. 1:01%.
Six furlones — lola won, Annie Lauretta eec
ond. Bertha Xell third. Time, 1:13.
Six furlongs— Ale won, Silver Garter second,
Our Lizzie third. Time, 1:14>4.
CHICAGO, Oct. 12.— Results at Harlem:
Five furlongs— El Orlente won. Orrie Goan
second. Red Apple third. Time, 1:02 1-3.
Six furlongs— Loyaletta won. Innovator sec
ond. Dandy O third. Time. 1:14 4-5.
RESULTS OF RACES
ON EASTERN TRACKS
2:20 pace, purse $300— Xonamie won three
straight heats in 2:14H. 2:13H. 2:15. Affle.
Dandy. Decoration. Dacy. Oom Paul and High
Trust also started.
The Blue Grass, $;0C0, for M9 trotters—Cor
nelia Belle won the second, third and fifth
heats in 2:13^. 2:14ii, 2:13Vi. Palm Leaf won
the fourth heat in 2:14. Joe Watts won the
first heat in 2:15%. Frank Creamer. Senator
K. Maggie Anderson and Baroness Marguerite
also started.
2:22 trot, purse J1000— Dolly Bidwell won three
straight heats In 2:12. 2:15, 2:14%. Free Sliver.
Tell Tale. Belle Onward. Red Cliffe. Baron
Bell. Hinka. Alice Frazier. William J and
Margaret J also started.
The 2:20 trot for a purse of $1000 proved
to b.e an easy thing for the New England
mare.- Dolly Bid well, which clearly out
classed her field and won In straight heats
from Free Silver and Tell Tale, the fight
being principally between the two latter
for place. All three showed racehorse
quality and put up a great contest.
Nonamle outclassed all the others In
the 2:20 pace and won as she pleased in
straight heats, the contending horse in
each heat being Affle, the good daughter
of Bourbon YVilkes. Xonamie is a race
mare of rare quality and It will take a
good one to beat her in her class next
jear. Summaries:
There were three races on the card,
with the Blue Grass stake of $2000 for 2:19
trotters as the leading feature, and Joe
T\atts. selling at $25 to $40 for the field,
was the favorite. Cornelia Belle -was also
well thought of. It turned out to be a
hardly contested flve-heat race and one
worthy the occasion. Watts took the first
heat and then Cornelia Belle captured the
second and third, then dropped the fourth
to Palm Leaf. She won the fifth and the
race in a hot finish with Palm Leaf. The
race In every heat was between the three
named.
LEXIXGTOX, Ky.. Oct. 1Z— To-day was
the closing day of the twenty-eighth an
nual meeting of the Kentucky Trotting
Horse Breeders' Association and it was
a most successful ojie. The weather waa
cool and pleasant for the closing day aJid
fully 4000 people gathered to witness the
events. •
Kentucky Horse Breeders
Association Closes
a Most Successful Meet.
CORNELIA BELLE
CAPTURES BLUE
GRASS STAKE
Before the regular events two match
races for $50 a side were run. The first
was between Linda Oak and Our Boy's
Sister and was won by the former in
2:24>A, 2:19:4. 2:1S>£.
The second, between Saddle Boy and
Vic Schelby, whs won by Schelby in
2:29^4. 2:29U, 2:29%.
Five and a half rurlonprs. selling, three-year
olds and upward, purse $125 — Dmfdess (Ross)
won. Fine b'not (Frawley) second, Louise Hay
man (Burlinrame) third. Time, 1:09^- *
One mile and a sixteenth, selling, three-year
olds and upward, nurse $200— Dolore (Frawley)
won. Campus <R(ws) second, Stromo (Fauntle
rov) third. Time. 1:43.
Six furlongs, selling, three-year-olds and up
ward, purse $150— Panamlnt (McDonald) won,
Mike Rice < Russell) second. Sidelong (McNlch
ols) third. Time. 1:14}-.
Six furlongs, two-year-olds. purse $150—
Screenwell Lake (McDonald) won, Phil Archi
bald (Frawley) second, Parsifal (Gaffney)
third. Time, 1:17**.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 12.— At the races to
day the attendance ¦was the largest of the
week. The day was perfect and the crowd
stayed until the last race had been run.
The pacing event was hotly contested and
it took five heats to decide it. Edna R.
who won, was an even-money shot In the
betting, with Wild Nutllng and Dictatress
at 3 to 1 each. In the six furlong race for
three-year-olds there was a close and ex
citing finish between Panamlnt and Alike
Rice. In the one mile and a sixteenth,
won by Dolore, Grady at 3 to 1 and Cam
pus at S to 5 were played to win. Those
who went against the game lost heavily
in this race. Summary:
2:13 pace, mile heats, three In five, purse
J500: .
Edna R (Lafferty) 4 2 111
Wild N'ultlng (Hellman) 2 1 2 2 3
Dictatress <l>evlin> 1 3 3 4 2
John A (Nelson) 3 4 4 3 4
Queen R (Hodses) 5 5 dis
Time-2:llt4, 2:ll»i, 2:13. 2:13%.
Race Is Hotly Contested
and the Winner
an Ev^n Shot in Betting.
EDNA R WINS
PACING EVENT
AT SAN JOSE
PASSING OF A GREAT
TRAINER AND DRIVER
Tom Keating Expires at Lexington, Ky., After
a Lingering Illness.
THOMAS KEATING, ONE OF AMERICA'S FOREMOST REINSMEN. WHO
DIED YESTERDAY AFTER MAKING A GALLANT FIGHT AGAINST
DISEASE. HIS FRIENDS IN CALIFORNIA WERE LEGION.
FIGHT HARD
AND FAST FOR
SMALL PRIZES
Shifty Amateur Boxers
Furnish Sport
For Large Aggregation.
S'.xteen boxers furnished plenty of sport
Jn Washington Hall last night. There were
thr-ee a-nd a half hours of hot fig-hting.
Sorge%pt Donovan stopped two bouts, the
referee ordered hostilities to cease in one
Brent and th« rest were cither knock-outs
< t decisions were rendered by the Judges.
Frank Smith and Miltoa Hayes. Harry
McGinn's acted as referee.
Jack Radiran and Ed Smith furnished
th« curtain-raiser. They battered each
other for four rounds, scoring knock
downs alternately. Smith was given the
decision. Jack O'Brien and Jim Savage,
ilia* 'Toung Choynski." were next on
the scene. O'Brien hit Savage whenever
and wherever he p'.eased. but his taps
w.re so light that the crowd yelled "fake"
arid the referee ordered both men to leave
the ring.
"Bitchy" RtconI and Harry Trost
caused heart palpitation during' the pe
riod tcey stayed in the arer.a. "Batchy"
had a wild right ?wir.g. which he un
loosened at every opportunity, sometimes
connecting on Trost's Jaw. but oftcner
Tanning the rooky atm6sphere. Trost
proved a tVO-handdd fighter and made
thing's miserable for his Italian opponent.
The boys fought hard for four rounds,
and as no decision could be refyr-hed an
rxtra round was called. Tro^t found his
opponent's vulnerable spot and sent in
some hot rights to Reconl's eating depart
ment. Sergeant Donovan was pained to
fee the jrore and Reconl's pathetic expres
sion, so he stopped the bout. A draw de
cision was the result.
Joe Sullivan pained a decision over
Bnb Thompson cfter four rounds of clever
fisrhtir.p. A draw would have satisfied the
house, a? both inds wore fighting stror.g
ly. George Sullivan made Tom Fitzpat
riek quit in the third round after the hot
test kind of battling. Both were heavy
•weisrhts. snd xY.ty stood in the center of
the rir.g and buttered each oth~r almost
ir.tr> Insensibility. Sullivan proved the
toucher article ar.d got the decision.
Kre<i Craip was awarded the decision
o—er Kd Jones, a colored champion from
the Northwest, because of a foul the lat
ter committed in the third round. In a
hot rr.!x-i:ri Jones sampled Craig's flesh
¦uith his pc-ariy teeth. The crowd hooted
Th* '-n!nre<i man for his unsportsmanlike
rvrlon. Craip wr.uld have won on gen
oral work had the bout gone the limit.
' Kid" Dobson, the "Alligator." and "Kid"
Finnerty boxed four rounds to a decision
ir. the latter? favor. Tommy Gllfeather
find a youth nam«l Hart were stopped in
thr- mi<i?t of their contest because Hart
ha<i not been examined by a physician
txfnre or.tering the ring. Abe Attel'gained
a decision over Eddy Jlanlnn after four
rounds of brisk fighting. Attel outweighed
end o'itroached his youthful opponent, but
Kr.r.!'--:i Fhowrd groat grit and aggressive
r.f es.
PE^pLTA HflLL BEATEN
BY STANFORD FRESHMEN
STANFORD T'NIVERSITT, Oct. 12.—
T2k- Peraita Hall team of Berkeley was
defeated at football here this afternoon
by the Stanford freshmen team by a
fonre of 45 to 0. The freshmen played a
fast game and completely outclassed
th^!r opr>cnents. who had the ball only
once, when kicked off by Stanford at tne
l—frinr.injT of the second half. The feature
of the frame was the splendid interference
vhich the cardinal Team developed. For
Stanford Lunt. D^Witt, Grant and Stan
ford did the best work. Eaton. "Pobey and
Clary did trood work for the Peraita team
Th<r line-up follows:
Frc?hrr.rn. Position. PeraJta.
MrFadden or
Grercry Center _^ Morehead
Voocr R- O McOregor
Kred Irtrwtm -L. G Burke
lASXSX L. T Far
Hall It. T Eaton
C'.ark cr
Maples L. E Wood
Pattrrson R. E Cathen
BbmImcE Q Posey
I> Witt L. H ToW
Stanford R. H Clary
' j rant Full McFarland
SIR THOMAS UPTON'S
CHALLENGE RECEIVED
I
NET.' YORK. Oct. 12.— The challenge of
Fir Thomas Upton for another series of
rsx-es for the America's cup, which ar
rived here to-day on board the "White
Star lice steamer Germanic, was received
I y J. S. V. Oddie, secretary of the New
"^ ork Yacht CIur». at 11 o'clock. Mr. Oddie
saicl the chall«-npe would be considered at
a special meeting of the club called for
\\ edneaday ereaJag of r.ext week and
that its text will not be made public until
-ftiT that moetir.c
The Germanic also brought the Lipton
cup for seventy-footers, which was won
b] :r.f Rainbow, owned by Cornelius Van
cU-rUit.
Tt.e cup was handed over to the care of
Purser II. H. Palmer by Sir Thomas LIp
lon a ap.-r.t and will be delivered to Lip
ton's agor.t on this side
LEXINXiTOX. Ky., Oct. 12.— Thomas
E. Keating, after a week of se
vere Illness, died here this morn-
Ing at 7:"0 o'clock. At the close
of the trotting, meeting this after
noon hundreds of horsemen assembled in
the judges' stand at the fair grounds to
hear a tribute to the dead turfman by
Colonel John R. Allen, me noted attorney
and member of the board of directors.
Colonel Allen said among other things:
Thomas Keating fought through life with all,
tb# energy given unto man and only pave up
the struggle !n death. In him the turf has
lest a clean, .honest man. No man can point
the flr.pr of Fhame at him as owner, trainer
or driver. When he had an entry in a race all
knew that bo far as his dictations went the
race would be an honest one. and when he
drove In a race all men knew they would get,
in the parlance of the track, "a. run for their
money."
Allen is a particularly effective speaker
and at the conclusion of his remarks
there was not a dry eye In all the throng
of stout-hearted horsemen.
The board of directors of the Trotting
Association aftfrward held a meeting in
Secretary Wilson's office, at which reso
lutions of respect were 'adopted.
Wh^n the announcement was received
in this city that "Tommy" Keating had
received the word from a higher judge
for the last time and had crossed the
line that leads to the great unknown a
feeling of gloom oppressed all lovers of
the harness horse that was hard to dis
pel. In his death California loses a man
who made the State famous the. world
over. As a driver he may have been sur
passfdj but a? a conditioner where judg
ment and patience were essential quan
tities he had no peer. Kind-hearted and
generous to a. fault, enemies he had none;
friend? he possessed £y the hundreds.
While California could not claim th?
dead roinsman as one of her sons, it was
!n this State he Ixjran ascending the lad
der of fame. Tom Keating was a native
cf Ohio, and had not reached the age
of 40. During his boyhood days he drifted
out to the State of Nevada, where for a
time he was an employe on a cattle
ranch. Later, finding his way to Sacra
mento. h«t engaged in the grocery busi
ness. His innate love for the horse, how
ever, was not to be subdued, and some
ten or twelve y«"-ars ago found him cross
ing the Rockies with Sensation and two
or three fithers. Returning to California,
Keating formed a partnership with A. Ot-
tinger, the firm of Ottingrer & Keating
being a power on the circuit.
Dissolving partnership with Ottlnger, it
remained for ISM to bring Increasing fame
to this dark-haired little man. In that
year he went East with a wonderful sta
ble of horses. At Peoria. KlRtawah the
three-year-old son of Steinway, thrice in
one raco, reduced the pacing record for a
horse of that age, taking a mark of 2:06^i.
Some months later the same pacer re
duced the record to 2:05i4. which still
stands. Searchlight, another member of
the string, returned to California with
the world's four-year-old record of 2:MV6-
Anaconda. the stable companion of
Searchlight, lowered the colors of Direct
ly. Chenalls and other fast ones at
Lexington, coming back to winter quar
ters with the world's record of 2:O4y; for
flvc-year-old pacing geldings. This same
season Keating handled Dione with rare
discretion, cutting the dapper mare's
work to 2:0Hi 'n a hard fought struggle
at Cleveland.
Probably no other reinsman living ever
met with the success Keating had train
ing and developing pacers. In his stable
at one time were Searchlight, 2:03U. cham
pion, three, four and five-year-old pacing
stallion: Anaconda. 2:02. champion four,
five and six-year-old pacing gelding, and
Coney, who later earned the flve-vear-old
pacing record for geldings, and" which
now holds the amateur driven record to
wagon.
When his health failed during the sea
son of 1S98 Myron E. McHenry was select
ed by Keating to do his driving. In June,
1^99. Keating passed through a hard siege
of sickness at Denver. Colo., his life at
one time being- despaired of. Traveling
farther East when convalescent, with re
turning health, the future looked brighter
and he signed a contract with the million
aire groceryman of New York. Thomas
Butter. The later turfman only recently
leased the magnificent Corbitt stock farm
at Uurlingame, where on.- of the grandest
establishments of its kind In the world
was to have been established, all under
the direction and supervision of Keating.
At the head of the stud were to have
been placed Direct. 2:05 1 i, and Gayton
2:0S.
At the time of his untimely demise the
deceased horseman's string consisted of
Bonnie Direct, 2:05V. ; Gayton, 2:03: Coney
2:02%;: Anaconda. 2:02;' Hetty G, 2:051/;
Cole Direct and Bon Marche. The horses
are probably now in Los Angeles, as they
had been ordered shipped to the Southern
metropolis to participate in the coming
meeting there.
FRAUD FOUND TO HAVE
OCCURRED IN PRIMARIES
Special Dispatch to Th© Call.
WiNNERS PILOTED BY
FOUR 0/AERICAN JOCKEYS
LONDON. Oct. 12.-In four of to-day's
race? at the Newmarket second October
nK-otir.fr. American jockeys rode the wln
:.. rs. In the mile soiling stake S!r 1.
I51un<!ell Maplr-s' Joe I'llman, ridden by
TM Sloan, came in fim; E. Corrlgan's
J^-a Flower with C. Jenkins up, was sec
ond, and Gumboe, with J. Rein! in the
sad'ile. was third.
Danny Maher rode R. G. Drew's Per-
FfVf-rance, which was first in the South-
Ji^ld plate, one mile and four furlongs.
In the all ages sellirg plate of 103 sov
cr^isrns, for 2-year-olds and upward L
Beta rode the winner, John A. Drake's
Ii^larcptcn. Tod Sloan was on Redstone
who was second, and Rtgby had the
mount on Flying Greek, third. L. Roiff
w&= the jockey on Gadfly; who won the
White stakes.
Th* thirteenth semi-annual field day of
the Academic Athletic League will be hold
at Berkeley this afternoon. More entries
have been received than at other times in
the history cf the league and the com
petitions on track and field promise some
exciting sport.
The outlook is for .a concentration of
riValry between Oakland and-Ukiah high
Fchools. Strong teams representing the
Berkeley Ilirh School and the Polytechnic
School are ai^o entered.
The games will U-^irt at 2 o'clock on the
University of Ca'.ifornia cinder path.
ACADEMIC ATHLETES
IN FIELD DflY GfPMES
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— It took half a score
r>f policemm fully ten minutes to clear
the rirp at the Illinois Athletic Club to
night, so incensed had the spectators fee
come over the decision of Referee Hogan,
rivir.j? Ruddy Ryan the decision over
Young Jlowatt at the end of the sixth
round. In the scrimnmgp Hogan was
i truck in the face and knocked down.
REFEREE riCGAN IS
ASSAULTED AT CHICAGO
calf. Republican candidate for Congress,
arrived on a belated train at 5 o'clock
this afternoon and drove to Gulnda. thir
ty-five miles away, where he addressed a
large and enthusiastic audience this even
ing.
Santa Clara Republican Bally.
SANTA CLARA, Oct. 12.-Prominenl
Republican speakers opened the campaign
here to-night. Bonfires and music greeted
the Rough Riders' organization when it
arrived from San Jo* and marched to
Widney Hall, where the rally was held.
James E. Trail, the first speaker, was re
ceived enthusiastically and talked inter
estingly on campaign questions, dealing
witli Imperialism and expansion. John E
Richards delivered an address. The Re
publican club, under whose auspices the
meeting was held. Is growing steadilv in
numbers. E. F. Loud and D. E. McKihlay
will address the people of Santa Clara on
October 23.
Candidate Wilson Withdraws.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Oct. 12.— An interest
ing point in the Arizona political cam
paign was reached to-day at noon, when
J. F. Wilson, one of two rival candidates
for Delegate for Congress, chosen by the
recent Democratic Territorial Convention
withdrew from the race, leaving M. a'
Smith the only nominee.
Mayor Phelan Will Speak.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 12.— A telegram
received from San Francisco by Chair
man Neuhart of the Democratic County
Central Committee announces that Hon
James D. Phelan of San Francisco and
Hon. J. C. Simms, chairman of the Dem
ocratic Central Committee, will deliver
addresses here on Friday, October 19
Congressman Needham Talks.
COLTON. Oct. 12.-Congressman Need
ham and Senator Smith addressed an en
thusiastic audience at the City Hall this
evening. The throng .listened attentively
and applauded the speakers liberally.
Sale of the Islands.
COPENHAGEN. Oct. 12.-Replying to a
question to-day In the Folkethlng, rela
tive to the Danish West Islands'sale to
the United States. Premier H. E. Hoerr
ing said all agreed that some changes
must be effected with respect to the isl
ands and he hoped soon to furnish the
necessary information and give his views
on the subject.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 12.— The Republi
can City Convention met this morning at
Hazard's Pavilion, but was slow in get
ting down to work. It was 10:30 o'clock
when Ferd K. P.ule. chairman of the City
Centra! Committee, called the delegates
to order, and twenty minutes later he was
still pouncing away vith/his gavel.
The first content arore over the election
cf a chairman. Oscar Lawler won, de
ftatinK J'Jdge John D. Works by a vote
of 215 to 1S3. After the customary speech
Chairman Lawlf-r announced his commit
tee* on credentials, ordt-r of business and
resolutions, after -*hioh air adjournment
was taken until 1 o'clock. At that hour
the committees were still at work, and
finothrr adjournment was taken until 4
o'clock. The committee on credentials
\<-\ng irtlll unable to report on account of
protests from Precincts IS and 22, in which
fraud was alleged, the convention ad
journed until 7:30 o'clock. It wa3 9 o'clock
before Chairman Gates stepped on the
platform to mnkr his report
The ooni*nlttee found that gross frauds?
and lrrepulariUcs had taken place at the
primaries In Prcclrcts IS and 22. and rec
ommended the unseatiiiK of delegates sent
by the primaries and the seating of the
contestant?. This ma.Ce a change of four
votes in the Eighteenth and nix. In the
Twenty-second from Munson to Vcttcr
fcr Councilman.
On the question of adopting the report
there was a merry war on the floor, but
the cc-mmittoe was finally sustained.
After the other committees had made re
ports the convention adjourned until 9
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Knowing onr-s Pf*y that Herman Silver,
president of the Council, will win for the
Mayoralty.
FREEMAN AND ALFORD TALK.
land Democracy.
Enthusiastic Meeting of the Wood-
Metcalf Makes a Long Drive.
WOODLAND, Oct. 12.— Victor H. Met-
WOODLAND. Oct. 12.— The Democratic
rally this evening drew out an audience
that filled the opera-house. L. Devilbh-s
of Winters presided. Frank Freeman,
the candidate for Congress, spoke for
twenty minutes, and made a favorable
impression. W. H. Alford fpllowed in a
speech nearly two hours Ions- Imperial
ism was the principal theme and was dis
cussed at length. The trusts and the ad
ministration's policy toward the Philip
pines and Porto Rico were touched upon.
He paid a glowing tribute to "William J.
Bry an - N.
MARSH AND WAVE IN THE WEST AND EAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1900.
5
C/he &ay 9 s J2ead
THE EMPOBIUM. | THE EMPOBITTM.
Concert <w»e g&fP®©Iiiaj ?^?'S"'
«/ 7,4/t ** • OoldcnRnle Bazaar. ¦¦ /cos- flic.,
«• M m%iUm CAUPOXNU-S LAROEST-AnERICA-5 CJJANOEST STOR* in Oatn '
Choice of Entire Line of n
Men's $3.50 Shoes— Tg\
To-Day, $3.1O. ]\ cMlA
f-^—^r] Tbe a33orlner.t of M*n's 53.50 Shoes comprise' |l\) j$&&?%P
hesv y calf, box calf, tan Ri??ia calf, vici kid A \ / v^S^flT
and P atei »t leather, in all of th- poon r>r (\f<l^z*%t f* I
ySMil shapes; any pair in the stock tf&O */fi 1 f/^^^^^ I
t0 " d3 ' v (satT2rda - v > ° ni - T *p&b iuj \\^\ w \
(^f$^ Ladies> V.'ci Kid Shoes- A* shewn. \W4 S»^/j
VI/^3S55^ a fiae $2.50 quality, batton or lace, xV/l <&2^X^S
(v~j^*^^ patent leather tips; dre»fy, com- J^
V^^^W fortable Shoes; to-day or* y^^^
on'y < C?*»O'iJ r tt^^^
First Aisle— Right of Entrance.
Men and Boys' Clothing Specials.
Any $15.03 Cutaway Frock-Suit i n onr clothing department, on
Saturday only, at one-quarter off. All-wool worsteds,
blue an\ black cheviot?, unfinished worsteds aai fancy casslmere*— tiilorinj;
the best, up-to-date in every particn'ar. every garment fit- g£ <l 4
ting 33 though made to order. For thn diy only. £f$ B & m^Btm?
Boys' $3.45 and fo.95 2-Piec^ Suits, ma de of pretty and service-
able all-wool materials in neat and stylish patterns, donhle-
breasted coats, knee pants with doable se3ts and knees, sizes 4f**& /f? /T
fir 10 to 1G years — Saturday only %$)&&&&
Wright's Health Under- $2.25 Curt sins, $1.69.
Wear for Man, 87C. Goid, lar$e size (54 inch«3 x SJ yard3»
We have bought at a very special price Lace Curtains; correct imitations of
13 dozen of the39 wiim flaece-linsd. real linen; Battenberg and Arabian
durable garnieats that the maker.? aay jjoofs; worth $2.25 a pair, to-day only,
are a preventive and cure for la grippe 100 paira at the great # >o
and rh?um3ti?Tn. and offer them for bargain price, per pair...^/«Ow
Saturday only, shirts or draw- g* my .
r , each SYC Laundry BagSf jq^
Fancy Underskirts. The 65c extra Iar s® 3i «. 22 x 36 inches,
Jc 'V'J s «*» crt cord and ta33el draw •triag; faced
&O ninOSWOr $2. OU. wlh cream ?ateea and word "Lanadry*
/£=^C Biz assorted ' n heavy braid; on special — o
if ( vV^' Jot of finest silk- sale to-day only, each *r€>C
l\ } *- \.g^a finished Sateen — —
\\ ( x ' 't\ Ujderek rt3, all 25o Hoso Supporters, 18c
MA it 1 ?S£i£ A PP^sSii £s£
MiSmril JwtJSS?: fin'* ! ,i dei ! "ir f3i ,i eii ? rs: col3r -i
. i!'!0fiW0m. it 'X es: '° me , "
ffiffiSraS B rtaitin... other. SOo LlltingS, 14o.
two and three; About 650 yards of thii specially bought
all finished with niche of sane materia ; lot of si k-flni3hed If/me Taffeta Skirt
regularly $3.00. $3.50, $4.00, $4.50 and Linings; they are full 36 inches wide
$5.00; to-day (S tu day) cm aad worth 20c yard; on sale — —
cnTy.: * 9«<d(/| Saturday only at 1**G
$6,00. $6.50, $7-50 and ¦
$8.5Q Waists, $4.25. Those 75 O ant § $]
si:k and French flinn«l Waists that we cv» ~ ¦*-?£. yfc*^ /^i3JK\
are selling for ?4 23 are wonderfu Scarfs, WC. (^S':S|j
h A T^ h cl 7 1 i h J hit d3y] $6X0 - 250 of tab reason's most \ \ I j % I
56.oO '. $7.o0 and $3.oO - stylish Wa-h B onde Net I < -
Waists; to-day only 9**i^O Barhes; hand mide; I ; J
$1O*OO, $12*50 and SI '5*00 handsomely trimmed tf 1 I
Silk-lined Jackets, $7.4-5. and appliqu-d in re»! ! I $ ¦{
Assorted lot fine sample Jackets and Renaissance Lice braid; V^i ¦[ i
small 'o*s from our own stock; aM fi:e w:rth 75c and $1.00 ,mj\ ;Tf^
new Jackets and al! siz33 and co ow;| each J wil1 be sM to^7 IfcSf' '%^<
regular y $10.00. $12 50 tf - - P on'y. each VSO^^k^.te
and $15.00; to-day only &Mm4F5\ *OC
4 »
Butter Sale To-Day.
Fancy Fresh Creamery Butter, the excellent quality that we
always sell, regular size squares; to-day (Saturday) Sffffg^
only **&C
Limit, 3 squares to a single customer.
ADVE3TISE3IENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO,
SPECIALISTS.
Diseases and Weakness of Men
ESTABLISHED 1S8L
We cure Lost Manhood and weak-
ness which accompanies it. also
Private Diseases, Varlcocele, Stric-
ture, DIocd Pc!son, Diseases of the
Kidneys. Bladder, etc.
Patients may pay when well or ta
rnonthly installments. Home cures
i». specialty. Private book, question
li?t, etc., free at efflce or by maii.
Correspondence confidential.
HOUl:S — Da'.ly. S to 5. Evenings.
7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 11. ELEVA-
TOR ENTRANCE.
751 MARKET STREET,
'**» Snn F^anei?co. -
Go p « a /«fc Hunters* Equipments.
1 9mSC" Fishing Tackle, Athlet-
ic 1 liS ' c 3 - " c - Bedroclc
y BWH a Prices. Send for Cat-
VSt alogue. GEO. W.
SHREVE, 739 Market SU
The Rev. Samuel Slocombe
leaves the pulpit.
Grace Fern writes a stir-
ring article in this connection
for next Sunday's Call.
It will interest you even if
you are not a member of the
church.
You must read it.DR. BRYAN'S INSEPARABLE COMBINATION PILL
Brain- workers and nervous people . know the
beneficial effects derived from the use of the
genuine DR. SIEGERTS Angostura Bitters.
The best quality of Chinese tea is very
expensive and so little of it is grown that
there is never any oflf.to Import. The
Chinaman knows good tea and keeps It
all for his own consumption.
Ca'iforria should have in -the House of Represcnta
?ives a delegation solidly Republican. There should
Le no delegate frorn •'"e State to. howl calamity at
Washington.
Secretary Chamberlain has again set English poli
tician? by the ears through his ill-advised talk. His
fricr.d< ought to bridle his mouth for mutual protec
tion.
Ours is thv> most complete artists' archi
tects' and photographers' supply house on
the coast. Oil. water color and china
painting materials,, pyrography machines
and a new lot of superior quality skins,
wooden novelties and leather articles for
burning .lust received. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. . •
ArtistsV Materials.
William Jennings Bryan is, already yelling fraud.
Republicans who want their votes counted could ask
j no better warning to be on guard.
: The young clerk who stole $300 worth of candy
I with which to pay his debts the other day must have
I a little army of the fair sex for creditors.
I Our latest sensational will contest indicates that
j women who have a faculty for building up a past take
a very serious mortgage on the future. ,.
L The senior "co-eds" of Stanford have adopted the
I sombrero as a class hat. The young ladies, it is hoped.
! have no desire of heing affectionately called cow?
' girls, even by their friends.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c
a pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
SWIMMERS-A. B.. City. There was
an illustrated article on "swimmers" in
The Call of Saturday. September 15 lnnn
There is nothing in The Call tndex show-
Ing that any Illustrated article on swim
ming appeared in a Sunday edition.
CALIFORNIA STREET STATION— D
City. Letters that -were delivered al th i
California street police station will now
that that station is closed, be delivered a
the Hall of Justice.
POPULATION- K. M.; City. The pop
ulation Of the Hawaiian Islands Is 110.0M-
Philippine Islands about 8.000.000* Cub-i
about 1.600.0W and Porto Rico about SOo.ijOO.
TUXEDO COAT— Subscriber. City. A
Tuxedo coat for gentlemen la properly
worn at dinner, smokers and stag par
ties, but should not be worn at a full
dress function.
THE PUBLIC— Subscriber. City. Wil
liam H. "Vanderbllt Is credited with hav
ing given utterance to the expression
"The public be ."
THE MUSIC STAND— M. E. W., City.
The new band stand in Golden Gate Park
faces north by east.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Best eyeglasses and specs 20 to 40c. Look
out SI Fourth, front barber and grocery. •
Icecream chocolates. Boston mints, ala
cuma. Townsend's, C39 Market street. •
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Splendid Cal. glace cherries/ Townsend's.*
YACHTING COSTUME.
This costume is of Bky blue serge.
trimmed with white *mohair braid.- The
corsage Is a bolero, with lapels faced with
white linen, and the cuffs are of the same
The buttons are covered with white linen
Peanut crisps. Townsend's.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.— H. W. Vermil
ion and James Slawson of I,ns Angeles
and L. R. Mead of San Francisco are at
the Arlington. Mr. and Mrs. Stein. New
ton W., Sadie F. and Artie J. Stein *of
San Francisco are at the Shoreham.
CALIF0RNIANS IN WASHINGTON
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
The demand of every business and every industry
in the country is for a Republican House of Repre-
It can hardly be necessary to point out to the peo
ple of the Sixth District how important it is for them
to have a Representative in harmony with the admin
istration. The election of, McKinley is as sure as
anything in the future can be. The apathy prevailing
in the early days of the campaign has long since
passed away. . The people have become aroused by the
menace of Bryanism to all the industries of the coun
try and are now sufficiently aware of the danger that
lies in overconfidence. They are not going to take
chances. Consequently the only doubtful point in the
contest \s that of electing a House of Representatives
to support the President. In the present House the
Republican majority is small. The loss of a very few
seats will give the Democrats control of that impor
tant branch of the Government, and. the best efforts
of the administration would be- then hampered by
Democratic obstruction for two years.
It is time for the people of the various districts of
California to elect to Congress men of such standing
that their re-election will be well nigh assured, so that
in the end California will have a body of experienced
Representatives having a large acquaintance with
methods and the members of the House. Only by
having Representatives of that character can the State
attain to its rightful position in the Union. Mr. Mc-
Lachlan is a man of whom great things may be ex
pected in Congress. He possesses industry, fidelity to
duty, a high capacity for making and retaining friend
ships, and his devotion to Republican principles and
policies is unquestioned. The election of such a man
will be a benefit not to his district only but to the
State, and indeed to the whole Pacific Coast.
The opponent of Mr. McLachlan appears to have
abandoned the contest, having no stomach for leading
a forlorn hope. Republicans, however, should not put
too much trust in appearance?. Skillful campaigners
have been known to achieve victories over a too con
fident foe by making "a still hunt." There are a good
many Democrats in the Sixth District. They may be
so much opposed to Pryan that they feel no inclina
tion to make a vigorous campaign for him, and yet
they may endeavor to make up for the defeat of the
electoral ticket by voting solidly for their candidate
for Congress. Such a danger may be remote, and we
believe it to be so, but none the less it exists, and Re
publicans should be on guard against it.
THE CONTEST IN THE SIXTH.
1 I ROM all reports that come frorn the Sixth Con
1 gretsional District there appear to be no rea
sons for doubting the success of the Republican
ticket. Mr. James McLachlan of Pasadena, the nomi
nee of the party, is an exceptionally strong and popu
lar man. His nomination was given with enthusiasm
and has been. warmly approved by Republicans in all
parts of the district. He is so well known that he
needs no commendation to strengthen him with his
constituents. No man is better fitted by experience or
by natural ability to advance the interests, of the dis
trict in Congress or 10 maintain there all those mea
sures which are calculated- to benefit California.
i 3. Wo are honest, and are against all efforts at dis
honoring the nation by currency legislation or otherwise.
' 4. We are law-abiding, and are against all encourage
1 ment of force in the settlement of disputes.
! 5. We are progressive, and favor legitimate expan
] sion of our commerce and our power.
It will be seen that prosperity is having its # effect
everywhere. The figures of the Postoffice show what
! is going on in the country, and the letters of men like
Lawton show that even Democrats perceive the mean
ing of them. When people have letters to write and
j money orders to send or to receive, then times are
J good. Then people feel patriotism tnore than party
; spirit and are willing to break away from old ties and
take their stand with those who are upholding the in
1 dustries and the finances of the country at home, and
the flag and the national prestige abroad.
So marked has been the prosperity of all sections of
the Union that even in the Bourbon South there is a
strong sentiment against the Bryanites. It is to be
noted, moreover, that those who share that sentiment
are not at all backward about expressing it. For ex-*
ample, Alexander R. Lawton, one of the foremost
men of Georgia, recently announced a determination
to vote for McKinley. He added that many of his ac
quaintances intended to vote the same way, and in ex
planation of his course said:
"We shall vote for McKinley and Roosevelt because:
1. We are Americans, and are against all of America's
enemies.
2. We are patriotic, and are desirous of suppressing
thoso who give aid and comfort to our enemies.
The report is 01 course simply a statement of the
work of one of the great departments of the Govern
ment. It is not a campaign document. It was not
prepared for the purpose of influencing voters, and
yet in this contest for prosperity against the calamity
party it serves as an effective argument in support of
the present condition of things in all parts of the
country, and consequently is a campaign document
preaching in favor of the Republican party.
PROOFS FROM THE POSTOFFICE.
/
1 \EPORTS recently issued from the Postoffice
k-/ showing the business for the fiscal year ending
June 30 afford striking proofs of the prosperity
and business activity of the country. A summary of
the statistics given shows a wonderful increase in the
sales of postage stamps, a revenue of $98,000,000 f om
that source alone, an increase in the use of "special
request" envelopes, used almost exclusively by busi
ness men, of, more than 15 per cent, and a marvelous
increase in the money order business. In 1898-99
there were issued orders valued at $224,958,363. The
value of those issued in 1899-1900 was $255,670,027.
Hardly a newspaper in the Southern States oppose
what Mr. Bryan calls '"imperialism," and should
Bryan by any chance be elected the Southern people
who are represented by those papers would soon show
him who was in control of the apple-cart.
United States Senator Jones says that Bryan
doesn't need cither New York or Illinois in this cam
paign. The Senator has evidently received a straight
tip on how the elections will go in these States.
Dick Wittinrton— Darling, yon have no
idea now much I love you!
"But I am willing to learn."— Ufe.
..."Are Blanche Thornton and Robert
Simpson engaged?" asked the girl, in the
blue shirtwaist.
"They are not." replied the girl In the
pink shirtwaist. "They are semi-at
tached. —Detroit Free Press.
tl He— Isn^t this great milk we are get-
S^e--Ye!«. How do they do it?"
?w n >'- fi " t thej ' Pasturize the cows;
then they Pasteurize the milk."— Tonkera
statesman.
"So, there was a real fashionable audi
ence at the mustcale?"'
t>," Oh> K yes: ., the 7 kept rl * ht on talking
B U U ti music."— Philadelphia
Mrs. Hibbits — Where were yoa last
night, my dear?
Mr. Hibbits— Really,- my dear, I don't
know; I had no guidebook.-Oh!o Slate
Journal.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
W. A. Richardson, a prominent Sacra
mento merchant, is In the city for a few
days. His headquarters is at the
Palace.
General Clark E. Carr and wife of
Galesburg, 111.,' are spending a few days
in the city. They have taken apartments
at the Palace. General Carr is a promi
nent politician in the East.
Professor William H. Hudson and Pro
fessor E. P. Cubberly of Stanford Uni
versity are registered at the California.
John M. Rogers and family of Chicago
are enjoying a trip on the coast. They
have taken apartments at the Palace.
Major J. O. Hutchinson heads a party
of tourists who arrived at the Palace yes
terday from the East.
Judge F. M. • Angellottl of San Rafael
arrived In the city last evening and reg
istered at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. B. W. -Thayer and son of
Snn Jose are making a short stay at the
Occidental.
A. F. Hassan of the United States Geo
logical Survey at Washington is at the
Occidental.
F. H. Buck and wife are at the Palace.
Mr. Buck is awe!) known fruit raiser at
Vacaville.
Frank H. Farrar. an attorney from
Merced, is at the Grand.
E. H. Cox, a banker from Madera, is
registered at the Palace.
H. B. Hackey. a large Albion lumber
man, is registered at the Lick.
Dr. "W. C. Wilcox and wife of Stockton
are at the IJck for a few days.
David Starr Jordan of Stanford Univer
sity is registered at the Occidental.
• F. H. Ransom, a lumber man from Port
land, Or., is registered at the Grand.
J. Harris, a prominent Salt I.ake mer
chant, is at the Palace.
T. Shin of Tokio, Japan, Js at the Occi
dental.
James McNeil of Santa Cruz is at the
Palace.
H. H. Knapp. banker at Napar, is at the
Palace.
Dr. S. Taylor of Llvermore is at the
Palace.
W. R. de Groot, a L.os Angeles oil man,
is at the Palace.
E. A. Ivrs and wife of Scranton, Pa.,
are at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
If «uch things he done in the green leaf, what will
be done in the dry? If such a farce be played while
the promises of reform arc still fresh in the public
mind, what will be attempted when the commissioners
have reason to believe thrir promises have been for
potten? The bubbles blown by the Phehnites are
bursting rapidly. Every expectation of the people
las been disappointed. The Board of Health neglects
to enforce sanitary laws in Chinatown, the Board of
Public Works does no work, the Board of Education
t>ee<!s close watching, and the Civil Service Commis
sion makes a mockery of its official duty and under a
prclrnrc of examination sets aside good men in the in
terest of the incompetent and the false.
From the course taken by the commission in thesi
cases it is evident the civil service system under th;
ndminiM ration of the present Commissioners is noth
ing bm a farce covered .by a veil of hypocrisy. U
nutters not how incompetent a candidate may It, nor
v.hat falre statements he may make, he will be certi
fied as eligible bythe commission if he have "a pull"
with the Phelanites. The examinations are worth
less. A candidate who has been awarded~a high place
may be found utterly incompetent a*, soon as he 13
put to work. If dismissed from one place he goes
back to the accommodating commission and gets cer
tified for another position. Such is the civil service
fystem th*t Phelan's hoard has imposed upon the city
at the outlet of administration under the new charter.
Here are ample evidences of the worthlessness of
the examinations made by the commission and of the
ir.differcnce of the commission to the rules governing
such r?:r.!r.ination$ as it holds. A man found to be
to incompetent that he could not hold his position as
an ordinary clerk for two days goes straight back to
the commission and gets his name placed among ths
first on the eligible ii>t for bookkeepers; another
man. competed of false «tate;ncnt«, is permitted to
retain his place on the eligible list, just as if he had
never Committed any offense at all.
The second case is that of a candidate who in taking
the examination made false statements concerning his
former occupation. The falseness of the statements
vis proven by tv.o witnesses and was afterward ad
rnitted by the candidate himself. The facts were ex
posed in a hearing before the commission, but never
;he!e5s the commission dismissed them as of no im
portance.
ONE by one Phelan's various boards have added
their contributions to the scandals of his ad
ministration. First the Board of Health
started a bubonic plague scare for the purpose of get
ting a big appropriation, the Board of Works fell into
disrepute by doing very little work for the size of the
sabry iist, the Bo?.rd of 'Education started upon a
career injurious to the schools and was stopped only
by the indignant protests of The Call, backed up by
the great body of citizens, and now comes evidence
showing that the Civil Service Commission has been
baking a farce of the whole civil service system.
Records cf recent proceedings of the commission
published yesterday thow two serious scandals and
justify a suspicion that many more would come to
iight if all the records were known. In one case a
candidate who had passed a successful examination
before the board for the position of ordinary clerk,
and had received a certificate, .vas appointed to a po
sition in the Registrar's ottice. He held the place but
two days, being then dismissed on the ground of in
competency. The same man went before the examin
er* once more and was again successful, being
swarded 81.5 per cent and placed fourth on the list of
those ciicible for bookkeepers in the SherifFs office.
- a farce of it.
The Democratic flag-furling papers. If they were wise, would shut out
Valentine from their columns. He is a man of no consequence at all on this
Issue, though he may he skilled in his own particular field as an official of a
great distribution agency. He is out of harmony with the great mass of the
intelligent people of his section and of his party. His word on the outlook In
the express business in the West would be entitled to some consideration, but
on the question of "imperialism" he speaks with no authority. The thing
which he champions has never been American policy. Nearly all the coun
try's greatest statesmen, except in the abnormal situation created by slavery
half a century ago, favored expansion. Valentine's own party was enthusi
astically devoted to expansion even then, and wanted to seize Cuba and parts
of Central America. In his present role of anti-Democrat and anti-American
Valentine is absurd.— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
If Valentine was a reader of the Democratic newspapers of the West an'd
the South he would know that the "wholte organized power of the Democracy"
Is not in the flght against what he caJls the "Imperialistic programme." Bry
an's views In favor of flag-furling are ridiculed by nearly all the leading
Southern papers of his party — the Louisville Courier-Journal, the NashviUs
American, the Atlanta Constitution, the Chattanooga Timea, the Memphis
Commercial-Appeal and very nearly all the rest of the influential Democratic
papers of their section. The same Is true of the conspicuous Democratic pa
pers of the West. What Valentine styles "imperialism" Is as strong among
Western and Southern Democrats as it Is among Republicans. Nine out of
every ten persons whom Valentine meets on the streets of San Francisco are
"Imperialists."
The Democratic papers are giving considerable apace to the ravinps of
Valentine, the head of the Wells-Fargo Express Company, \rho«<? headquar
ters are In California. Valentine declares that "Bryan has ranged himself
and the great party behind him on the right sfde. He throws the whole or
ganized power of the Democracy into the fight against the Imperialistic pro
gramme." "Eighteen months ago," he adds, "I believed Democracy would
triumph, and now I heartily hope so," which means that he is not quite so
confident as he was eighteen months ago that the Democracy would win.
THE POLITICAL RAVINGS
OF WAR-TAX VALENTINE
BY reason of her unrivaled rush around the Horn 1
to join in the battle against the Spanish fleet
in the West Indies the Oregon will continue to
hold the proud title of "Peerless." Had it not been
for the glory of that great feat she would now be in
danger of having to surrender the title to a sister
battleship, the Wisconsin.
The newcomer is another illustration of the ability
of our ship-builders to triumph over all competitors
in their line of work. From the tests made in the trial
•trip of the Wisconsin on Thursday it appears she is
the fleetest battleship of the world. The Oregon was
great, but the Wisconsin is greater.
• It is of course to be expected that as we advance
in the work of building up our navy the new ships
will show improvements over their predecessors of the
same class. It was not to be expected, however, that
the improvement would be steady and continuous with
each successive ship. Such, however, seems to have
been the case, with but two exceptions. The Indiana
made her trial trip October 18. 1895, and showed an
average speed "of 15.547. The Massachusetts, tested
April 25. 1806, surpassed the, Indiana. Then came thj
Oregon beating the Massachusetts. The Iowa sur
passed the record of the Oregon. The Kearsarge and
the Kentucky failed to keep up to the standard, bur
the Alabama once more raised the speed limit, at
taining an average of 17.013, and now comes the Wis
consin and surpasses that by a trial run showing an
average speed of 17.25.
It is not in speed qualifications only that the new
ship excells. In all the evolutions of turning, backing,
going full speed ahead or full speed astern, she was
found to be equally fitted for the work expected of
her. Mr. Scott is reported to have said: "Without a
doubt she is the most perfect ship in all appurtenances
that the Union Iron Works has ever turned out." It
appears he might have added further that no other
yard ever turned out her equal as a fighting ship. She
stands first in her class and has no superior on the
seas.
Where such a triumph has been achieved it seems
hardly worth while to count chickens as yet un
hatched, but none the less the navy of the United
States is not yet completed. Our shipyards will yet
have an opportunity to surpass the Wisconsin, and
consequently from what has been done the thoughts
of the people will naturally run forward to the future.
We welcome the Wisconsin and we glory in her suc
cess, but we wait the coming of another and a greater
ship from the Union Iron Works bearing the name
of California. May it not be long before we see her.
THE WONDERFUL WISCONSIN.
The Board of Education, after the lashing of pub
lic censure and an investigation of municipal offi
cials, has abolished its department of repairs. This
abolition does not destroy, however, the record of
thousands of dollars of public money spent without
warrant of law or soften the excuse of illegal acts
committed under the board's plea of ignorance.
SATURDAY OCTOBER 13. i9*>
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A!l Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
NAJSL<MSBR*S OPKlfE • . -TeI« t P»»oiie_Pre<«»JI«>4
PinMCA'MOX OFFICR... Market nnd Third. S. F.
Trlephonr Ppf»« 2«>1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2lFto Z21 St«-v«m»on St.
Telephone Vren* 202.
nollr-.-r.wl hjr Currier*. IB «"<-nl« Per "Week.
•¦Intl.- Copt«"t. !i Cfntm.
Tpnim »»r Mali. Including Vn*tnK*t
PAILT CAM, rinrludlr.c Purflay). on- yfar »'•)"
!)>.IT.Y CALL n&rtaOteC Sunday). 6 month? ••"
DATT.T CAM. tteetaAta *unrt.v>. 3 month. *£
DAII-T CALL— By Stncle Montb I;
PtNPAT CA.VU Ono Year *'*'
B'EEkLT CALL. Or." Tfar '. 1".
& II _..., infli a 1 .»«•!¦ fi t-^ ii ti< It at! vf*A to rfft*-^'
¦nhnrrlptlon*.
Sample copies will be forwarded wh<-n requested.
Ma'l wbwriber* in or^rtne cfauu* «f ««>?« should \+
parti-ul.r ?r» elve both NTW ASP OLD ADDUKPS In orfler
to lmrurp a. prompt »nd correct compliance with the.tr r»que*l.
UAKLJUFD OFFICH 1118 Broadway
fiKORGK C. icROGXKSS.
K'eneser Fo-e^n Adveft'sing, Mjrcu«t> Building. Chicago
(Lor? Pittance Telephone "Central r61S.">
NTTV YORK OORRESPOKDnNT: L
C C. C1BLTOX Herald S«narc
VTTW TOKK BEHBESW»rATTVK:
J»TKPI?n\ U. SMITH 'W Tribune Ilolloln*
SKU YORK NFTWS FTAN'DS:
TVe.!d<»rf-Arto--1» Hotel; A. Brentano. n Union Skpiare:
Mutmy BBl Hctei.
rmr *co ntws 6TAKDB:
c^^TT^ay, rtiiuiM. P. O. Ve<w-» Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
T>«»TT>ort House: Auditorium Hot*!.
\VASHT\nTO\ m. C> OFFICE 14<MI C. St.. If. W.
HORTOX H. <KANn. Correspondent.
nH<\('|l OFFirnS r»2T M<^nt»r<-.rr«Ty. corner of Clay. open
•>:r.tll ?:;? o'clock. 300 Haye*. r>rT until 9:tn o'clock. ZXX
UeAmctrr. cpen until «:30*o"cl<vV. «H Larkin. open until
!• 3f o'clock. IM1 Mission. or*n ur.til 19 o'clock. Market.
crrr,«r Slxteerth. cr>en writ'.! 9 o'clock. 1*"M Valencia, open
rrti! 9 o*<-!ock. It* EteTCnth. open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
~f-r T*VIAJ —tlJUfl ¦Up Kentucky, cprn until 9 o'clock.
BUFFALO EXPRESS- The South 13
getting higher prices for her cotton than
she has received for years. The Bryan
prophecies have failed in every part or the
country.
CHARLESTON NEWS ANT> -COUR
IER—"The little colleges" have made the
country what It Is. in literature and law
and government. This is natural, in view
of the fact that the little colleges are at
tended In the main by those who go there
to learn and make the best of their oppor
tunities, and that they have done this the
history of this country shows.
MINNEAPOLIS JOURNAL— We have
always made it a point to let the public
who could not hear Mr. Bryan read what
he had to say. He talks so extravasrantly
that deliberate, sober reading- of what he
says, uninfluenced by the accompanying
tricks of his oratory and the magnetism
of his personal presence, gives a clearer
idea of the value of his utterances.
NEW YORK POST— The refusal of the
United States to accede to Germany's de
mand gave Lord Salisbury what he most
needed— time to suggest compromises and
alternative plans' for reaching a basis of
peace. The result has been the construc
tion of a ladddr by which the Kaiser can
come down, one step at a time, from the
high and dangerous position he had taken.
NEW YORK EVENING SUN— The Sul
tan is accustomed to Ignoring threats and
he has got to learn to look out when he
treads on American toes. By this time he
probably feels that it is time to change
his tactics. We won't have to bombard
one of his seaports. He will give way and
pay up. And the Turkish will be added to
the Chinese affair as an additional feather
in the cap of our administration.
NEW YORK STAATS ZEITUNO. -
No man has yet been elected President
because he possessed, striking, brilliant
Qualities. The people demand rightly that
the candidate shall have certain sterling
traits of character and a solid element
of conservatism in him, so lhat one can
look to hi3 administration with confidence
and, above all. with cairn security.
NEW YORK PRESS.— If the -man who
insisted on the readoption at Kansas City
of this declaration of party faith he elect
ed President the Civil Service Reform As
sociation will ceese to worry about such
little things as the annulment of portions
of State laws by State courts. It will see
the principle for which It stands become
as completely a lost cause as that of the
Southern Confederacv.
BOSTON TRANSCRIPT— The attitude
of our Government is distinctly American
now. as it has been from the start. It is
an all-sufficient answer to the campaign
clamor of a certain element of the oppo
sition that we had embarked on a policy
of adventure and that our co-operation In
the advance on Peking covered a scheme
of "imperialism." It will make for the
success of the administration at the polls,
and it ought to.
NEW YORK COMMERCIAL. ADVER
TISER—No man whose candidacy is a
recognized threat to the business stability
of the country has ever been elected to
the Presidency of the United States, or
ever can be. No other candidate has em
bodied such a threat to anything like the
extent that Bryan does, and his defeat
should be made so overwhelming that he
and his kind will be excluded forever
hereafter from the field of candidates.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT.— Not
withstanding the few small wars which
have occurred in recent years, some of
which are still technicaJly under way,
there has been a decided advance toward
a peaceful settlement of International
disputes among the great nations of our
day and the United States has taken a
prominent and emphatically creditable
part in bringing: this improvement In con
ditions about.
PHILADELPHIA LEDGER— Governor
Roosevelt was wholly right when he said
that we "cannot do everything at once."
The Democrats are disobeying the consti
tution of the United States in disfranchis
ing citizens, and an Important and dlffl-i
cult work must be done right here at
home to right ?he wrongs and to remedy
the existing evils at home. This work
must be done by the great Republican
party, which is positively the only agency
now competent to do it.
CHICAGO INTER OCEAN.— If we pre
vent Great Britain from doing- in ihe Pa
cific what she has done in the Atlantic
the dream of William H. Seward will be
realized and the Pacific Ocean will be a
great American lake. But If wise legis
lation for' the Improvement of our mer
chant marine is defeated, as it has been
year after year in Congress, then the Pa
cific will be surrendered, as was the At
lontic, to our great commercial rival
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
sentatives. The interests of labor and of capital alike
require such a House. In each Congressional district
the people should be as vigorous in supporting the
candidate for Congress as in supporting the electoral
ticket. California is counted on in the East to send a
solid delegation to maintain sound money and pros
perity. The voters of the Sixth District must do their
share. Never mind whether the Democratic candi
date make an open fight or not. No Republican
should neglect the Congressional ticket. Let there be
a full vote for McLachlan and prosperity.
Similar quotations from eminent men of all sections
of the country could be given in large numbers. In
fact. The Call has published them day after day. It
will therefore be perceived that the banner raised op
posite Bryan's banner on Broadway is significant of
the vital issue of the campaign. His own words con
demn him. He has warned no gold standard man to
vote for him, and none should do so.
That the people of the country understand the
Falseness of the anti-imperial campaign is made evi
dent by the firmness of the gold Democrats in re
fusing to accept Bryan as a leader this year any more
than in the campaign of 1896. There was recently or
ganized in New York an association known as "The
Lawyers' Sound Money Campaign Club." with th»
Hon. John G. Carlisle as president. This organiza
tion, presided over by one of the foremost Democrats
of the country, declares the preservation of the finan
cial integrity of the nation to be the chief issue of the
contest, denounces "the revolutionary doctrines" of
Bryanism, and declares: "That in our opinion the
defeat of Messrs. Bryan and Stevenson is essential to
the permanent and efficient maintenance of the gold
standard of value in this country-"
Further illustrations of the way in which conserva
tive people view the contest can be found on all sides.
Thus August Blum, a well-known banker of Chicago,
who had been a Democrat for years until the rise of
Bryanism, recently said: "There is one thing in
which we are all vitally concerned, and that is the
inviolability of the country's standard of value. For
a quarter of a century we have battled for it. At the
last moment to surrender to the enemy would be the
height of folly. I know of no other issue comparable
to this one in importance. Talk of imperialism is dis
ingenuous. Much as we may differ about the desira
bility of the Philippines as a colony, we occupy them
now. and largely through the help of Mr. Bryan. The
thing is done. Political programmes should never be
retrospective. The heart of the Democratic party i.5
not with Mr. Bryan in his artificial issut. What Mr.
Brj-an himself, if elected, would do about the Philip
pines is too vague and illogical to seriously consider."
The insincerity and falseness of the Rryanite cam
paign is shown by the two banners. The one ex
hibits his effort to excite a new issue among the peo
ple and to deceive them into a belief that he has
abandoned his crusade for the free coinage of silver.
The other sets forth clearly the intent of Bryan to
degrade the currency. It shows his defiance of the
honest money men of the country in 1896 "and his
assertion this year that upon the silver issue the Dem
ocratic party stands where it did four years ago.
"The party stands where it did in 1896 on the
money question." — William Jennings Bryan, Zanes
ville. Ohio, September 4, 1900.
"If there is any one who believes the gold
standard is a g-ood thing, or that it must be main
tained, I warn him not to cast his vote for me,
because I promise him it will not be maintained
in this country longer than I am able to get
rid of it."— William Jennings Bryan. Knoxville,
Tenn., September 16, 1896.
In preparing their banner the Republicans, placed
upon it neither portraits of the Republican candidates
nor quotations from Republican platforms or Repub
lican speeches. All that it shows are these words:
ACROSS Broadway, New York, at the head of
Wall street," the Bryanites early in the cam
paign stretched a banner containing portraits
of Bryan and Stevenson and quotations relating to
imperialism from Bryan's speech of acceptance. For
a long time the banner had that portion of the street
to itself, but recently the Republicans have raised a
banner near it, and in doing so have managed to get
in one of the neatest blows at Bryanism that has been
delivered during *he campaign.
A SIGNIFICANT BANNER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1900.
—From the St. Paul Pioneer Press
6
Just a glimpse of a few
good things you will get In
k next Sunday's Call.
Something for everybody.
What Grace Pern has to say
about the resignation of the
Bev. Samuel Slocombe and the
churches of San Francisco will
appeal to all.
For those who would get
rich fast— read of the fortunes
in oil made from almost noth-
ing.
For the lovers of art and
music— the Call advocates a
National Conservatory and
Bose Belda" tells why we
should have one.
For those who enjoy tales
of adventure and weird
stories — read about the fierce
Macabebe scouts, the haunt-
ed house in San Rafael, the
terrible "Secret of Mont-
mere," and Don Juan Gomez's
account of the most notorious
of California brigands Mu-
rieta and Vasquez.
If you are interested in gi-
gantic industries don't miss
the article on the building and
handling of log rafts on the
vast Pacific
If you prefer a paper on
affairs foreign— peruse Gene-
vieve Green's excellent article
on "An American Duchess."
The housekeeper who would
please the palate andsat the
same time save her pocket-
book, will do well to consult
the page on dainty dishes.
If you have ever seen an
Indian you will appreciate the
best photographs of that kind
in this edition which have
ever been published.
If you'want to laugh— look
out for the comic section-
funny jokes and funnier pic-
tures.
And do not forget that Ed
JBorein, the "Cow Puncher
Artist," has a full page of his
best work.
Can you play the piano? Of
course — well, just try. the
march that goes with next
Sunday's Call. The latest out
and the best.
Can any paper in the United
States— or for that matter in
the world— give you as much,
as this? Well, hardly.
AMUSEMENTS.
Al'-aiar— "'\\> l'n» of T>im*ssee."
Tlroll-TVe T.arr*r of Seville."
Co!urrli!a — "Quo XsS.r."
Alhambra— "A T*raf »leer."
California— "A Hindoo Hoodoo." commencluz Sunday.
Ori'heum-- Vaudeville.
Grarni Oi^ra-hous^— "In Para(J1»e."
Olyrrrla. OOTTtfr Mason and Edrtv mtrt^ttt— Pp*>c!alt!e«.
Chutes. Zoo ar.'] TJieaKr— Vaudeville- every a'tfrnoor. and
evenir.r.
Fitch****— Ywjflrrflle.
Rr-rreatlon Park— Pafehall.
F<x--tl.a:i— At Pixt*«nih and Folrom *tr»*ts. to-dav-
Falbri'B Th«=atrr. odd Fellows' Hall— Grar.d oi-enlns Mon-
day nlrht.
Eutro Baths— Open nlfbta.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. IV. Lomlerback-To-day, at 11 and 2 o'clock. Turkish
and FfTf'.an Hub*, at corner Geary and Stockton streets.
Occidental li(r?e Exchange— Monday. October 15. Horses, at
'Ci:J" o'clock, at 721 Howard street.
— _<^^^>z —TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United State? Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times aha Heights of High and Low
¦\Vater» at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
th© city, front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building v,-oa dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. ».. at noon of th* 130th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
¦ 4 - C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge.
Branch HynYogrraphic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, ' San Francisco, Cal.,
October 12, 1000.
Time Ball.
Church, to-morrow. The church was or
ganized about three years ago by its
present pastor, the Rev. J. a. . Schilling.
It Is a member of the German Evan
gelical Synod of North America. The
new edifice Is one of the most handsome
Lutheran churches in this city.
Dedication services will commence In
the morning at 10:45. Rev. J. G. Mangold
of. this city. Rev. J. Endter of Oakland.
Rev. C. Walton of Petaluma and Rev. C.
F. Off of Woodland will assist In the ser
vices, which will be continued in the
afternoon at^iSO and In the evenine at
7:30. The choirs of St. Lubas and St.
St Lukas Congregation to Have Spe
cial Services in New Edifice on
Fifteenth Street To-Morrow.
The St. Lukas German Evangelical con
gregation will dedicate Its newly built
church edifice on Fifteenth street, near
NEW LUTHERAN CHUBCJI
"WTLIi BE DEDICATED
Sunday's Call.
ing 1 — for if once .begun you
will have to finish it. It holds
the reader's attention from the
very beginning.
It will be published in next
The "Secret of Montmere"
is a weird tale that will give
you the "creeps" if you try to
read it when alone in the
house late at night
Commence it in the morn-
For purity and quality In beer drfnk
"Rainier," the only beer on Pacific Coast
awarded medal at Paris Exposition. •
Auditor Wells stated yesterday that
the claim of Park Panhandle Appraisers
Ralsch. Howell. Martin and Kent for KW
each cannot be paid out of the funda of
the present fiscal year. The claims wer»
incurred Jast year .and there are no funJs
available. Wells suggests that the ap
praisers may be paid out of the proceeds
after the bonds have been Issued and
sold.
Claims of Panhandle Appraisers.
Over 200 framed pictures and panels left,
from 25 cents up: also a lot of lamps an<1
onyx tables to be closed out at one-half
the regular price to make room for new
goods. Sanbom, Vail & Co., 741 Market.*
Closing: Out Odd Lots.
Chretien Before Grand Jury.
District Attorney Byington had "Jack"
Chretien, who was recently sentenced to
the State prison, taken before the Grand
Jury yesterday, but that body had no
quorum and no session was held. By
ington declined to tell why he had sum
moned Chretien, except to say that he de
sired to put certain questions to him re
garding the looting of the Sullivan estate
which Chretien engineered. Chretien
will have an opportunity to answer the
questions some night next week, when
the Grand Jury -will meet.
Announces Organization of New
Transcontinental Association, With
Headquarters at Denver.
E. O. McCormick. general passenger
traffic manager of the Southern Pacific,
returned from Chicago yesterday. Mr.
McCormick announces the complete or
ganization of the new Transcontinental
Association, which will become effective
October 15. Mr. McCormick Is a mem
ber of the committee appointed to name
the location of headquarters for the as
sociation, the chairman and his salary
and other detail work.
The committee decided yesterday to
name James Charlton of Chicago chaii
man; his headquarters will he in Den
ver. Mr. Charlton was formerly general
passenger ag-ent of the Alton. AH the
Western lines east of the Missouri River
have Joined the association. The first
regrular meeting will be held In St. Loui3
November 20. It Is expected that the
association will be well launched by that
time.
Mr. McCormick spent four weeks In the
East, dlvidlm; the time between Chicago
and Cincinnati, the latter city being his
former home. Mr. McCormick's wife.
who has been spending some time there
with her mother, accompanied him back
to San Frar.clsco.
McCORMICK RETURNS
FROM HIS EASTERN TRIP
was the subject of the lecture of Charles
Mills Gfjyley of the University of Califor
nia to the Channlngr Auxiliary yesterday
afternoon at the First Unitarian Church.
"It Is no vest pocket subject," he said.
"In greneral there, are three methods , of
estimating poetry. Does a poet's work
prove popular and does he appeal to the
masses? Does his work become well
known in Kntrlund or all owr the world?
Does his work live for centuries? That Is
the way to gauge a poet. Not until Pope
and Theobald entered into a controversy
did Shakespeare become famous. The de
cision of the masses is what decides the
real merits of a poet's work. Our fathers
read Byron, and I predict that before long
he will again be popular, as he was ro
mantic, and this is certainly a. romantic
ape. In the history of nearly all poets
there Is a critical reaction. We ".annot
tell about Kipllnir. We must wait to »»e If
there i» a steady appreciation of his work.
Browning is a great poet, and he will not
be appreciated until the world is better
educated. The poet must work rationally
or otherwise his work will be condemned
as esthetic."
Interesting lecture by Charles Mills
Gayleyof University of California
Before Channing Auxiliary.
"How to Toll Good Poetry From Bar!"
BYEON'S POPULARITY
MAY SOON BE REVIVED
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In tho left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right band column elves the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
£lv«-n are in addition to the sounding on the
United ' States Coast Survey charts, except
whfn a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted frcm
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Flow of Rivers.
Following is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling; 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures ar?
from J. B. Llpplncott, hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey:
the height of tide Is thf same, at both places.
SATURDAT. OCTOBER 13.
TO ARRIVE,
Steamer .Movements.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 12— £ehr En
deavor, for Callao.
GKAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 11— Schr R C
Slade, for Freemar.tle; stmr CoqutUe River, for
San Franclfco.
BOWENS I^AN'DING— Arrived Oct II— Schr
Mary Ktta. hence Oct 8; schr Monterey, hence
Oct IL ,
SAN PEPRO— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Luella.
from Caspar. Oct 12— Stmr Sequoia, from Fort
Bra re.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr
Robert Dollar, from Nome.
NEWPORT— Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Iaqua, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 12-Stmr City of Se
attle, from r>>ea; stmr Aberdeen, from Alaska.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr State of
California, hence Oct 10.
Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Del Xorte. for San Fran
cisco: Fr bark La Fontaine, for Queenstown.
EUREKA— Palled Oct 12— Schr Ida McKay.
for San Francisco: schr Ottlllle Fjord, for Ka
hulul; tug Columbia, for : schr J G Wall,
for San Francisco; schr J B Leeds, for Mex
ico: stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDI/)W- Arrived Oct II— Ship To
semlte, from Port Town$end.
Sailed Oct li-Schr King Cyrus, for Port
Plrie.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr
Sequoia, from San Pedro; Btmr Alcazar, from
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Sailed Oct 11
— Ship Su^quPhanna, from Hllo. for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 12— Ship Susque
hanna, from Hllo.
Cleared Oct 12— Stmr Hyades, for San Fran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 10-Br ship Sofala,
for Port Anseles.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Oct 11— Ship Star of
Bengal, from Port Ludlow.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Oct IS — Bktn Chas
F Crocker, from Vancouver.
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 12— Br stmr Doric,
hence feat If-.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg. ;
Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Cufle. for Liverpool.
BOSTON— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Kenilworth,
from L.tv*>rr>onl.
BT VINCENT— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Corri
ente, from Santa Rosalia, for Swansea, etc.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Penn
land, fr«m Philadelphia. »
GLASGOW — Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Laurentian,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Kaiser
Friederlch. from Hamburg, for New York.
MOVILLE— Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Astoria, from
Glasgow, for N«-w York.
At the session of the Grand Lodge Free
and Accepted Masons yesterday the fol
lowing were elected grand officers for th©
ensuing term: James A. Foshay of Los An
geles, grand master; William S. Wells of
Martinez, deputy grand master: O. S.
Henderson of Stockton, senior grand war
den; C. W. Nutting of Etna, junior grand
warden; Edward Coleman of San Fran
cisco, grand treasurer <re-eleet*»d>: George
Johnson of San Francisco, grand secre
tary (re-plrcted); W. H. Edwards of San
Francisco, grand lecturer (re-elected).
To-day the session of the Grand Lodge
Trill close. During the forenoon some rou
tine business will be disposed of to clear
the rile, after which the grand mastpr
elect will name the appointed officers and
also name the committees for the year,
after which the Installation will follow.
Last evening a number of the repre
sentatives visited the French Lodge,
where they witnrssed the conferring of
the first degree.
the Appointment of Com
mittees.
The Session Will Close To-Day After
NEW OFFICERS FOR
THE GRAND LODGE
A daring burglary was committed at
432 California street last Friday night. A
new building is going up on the comer
ot Montgomery and California streets
and in consequence all the back part of
the saloon kept by Rusconi and Fisher is
easily accessible.
An entrance was forced through the
rear window and a general haul made.
Out of the cash register the thieves got
$15. Out of the nlckel-in-the-slot machine
they got about $10 more. Then they took
away about 500 cigars, a case of cham
pagne and a case of whisky.
The burglars smashed the cash register
lo order to get the money, and pried the
nickel-ln-the-slot machine open with a
Jimmy. When they departed they left be
hind them half a dozen empty champagne
bottles, so they must have ha/i a right
royal time of it. The police are working
on the case.
Thieves Have a High Old
Time in Rusconi &
Fisher's Place.
BOLD BURGLARS
LOOT A SALOON
Johannes churches will render choice se
lections. A solo will be sung at the morn
ing service by Miss Anna Dolder.
I EXAMINATIONS.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the
courses. Candidates will have three weeks in which to prepare their ans\ver3.
Certificates will be granted in each cour>e to students whose examination
papers meet the approval ot a committee of examiners. Mail all papers to The
Home Study Circle, The Morning Call, San Francisco. Mark all papers
"Examination."
Directions — Write with ink on white paper and on only one side of each sheet.
The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written' at the top of
each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than one course
should mail their examinations In separate packages. Mail the sheets without roll
ing and with as little folding as possible. See that postage is fully prepaid.
The names of successful candidates will be arranged in three groups according
to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent. (2) Rood. (3) fair.
Note^ — In this paper- only five questions |
are to be answered in all, but these may j
be any five. Only such answers are ex
pected as can be framed from a study of
the lessons in tho courses of the Home
Study Circle.
1. Write a brief account of the charac
ter of Longfellow, using the facts sup- j
plied by Colonel Higgtnson's "reminls- j
cences" as the foundation of your sta:»- \
ments. What illustrations of Longfei- i
low's popularity are given by Colonel Hig- j
ginson?
2. Write three brief paragraphs on the i
following topics:
(a) Whittler as a Quaker.
(b) Whittier as a lighting reformer.
(c) Whittier as a neighbor and citizen.
3. t'sing Professor Gates' and Colonel j
Higginson's papers on Hawthorne as your
sources of information, write down seven
separate sentences, each setting forth a '
peculiar characteristic cf Hawthorne dis- 1
tingulshing- him frcm ordinary men, and I
especially from ordinary- writers.
4. "Holmes differed from most of his ¦
contemporaries In this: His life had dls- j
tlnctly two periods, and the scene of his ¦
final fame was not that in which his first .
laurels were won." Explain, amplify and j
illustrate this statement of Colonel His- |
einson with respect to Holmes.
5. I>r. Hale says that Lowell called Em- I
erson "the Yankee Plato." and Holmes i
called him "the Buddha of the west." Ex
plain and illustrate the appropriateness
of these descriptions. Dr. Hale himself
says of Emerson that he possessed char
acteristics that were "more of Socrates :
than Plato." and which "we look for in !
vain in the traditions of Buddha." Ex- j
plain and illustrate also the appropriate
ness of these statements.
6. Relate (using throughout your own
words and your own forms of expression) I
three characteristic anecdotes of Whittler
as told bv Elizabeth Stuaxt Plielpo.
7. (a> '"The language of art seems to
have been Poe's natural idiom."
(b) "Yet there Is a curious duplicity
in Poe's nature."
(c> "Poe is a specialist In sensations."
Kxplain and amplify these statements
of Professor Gates (using as far as possi
ble your own words and thoughts).
8. Write (using your own words and aa
far as possible employing your own
thought** (a) a biographical account and
(b) a character Bketch of Lowell, taking
as the source of your Information Mrs.
tipofford's pap«?r on Lowell. "What is your
own opinion as to Lowell's permanent
place In literature?
9. (.a) " 'Eternal politics' is precisely
what busies Emerson, from fir3t
to last."
(b) "Sprunfr from the people, Whlttler
was emphatically a poet of the
people."
Explain— and. as far as you can, ¦ub
stantiate — these statements of Professor
Gates and Colonel HIsffinson respecting
Krr.ersor; and Whlttier respectively.
10. Write — with special reference to its
Utorary associations — an account of Cam
bridge. Mass., using Dr. Rnlfe's reminis
cent study as the basis of your informa
tion.
11. Enumerate the mere important of th«
statements of the earlier biographers of
Poe respeetlnp his life and character
which formerly were currently believed,
but which, as Dr. Parrott states in hia
paper on Poe. had no foundation on fact.
12. Make a brief summary of Professor
Gates* critical study of Whlttler. (Joins
this by setting down in order (and num
bering: them) say ten o£ his most pregnant
sentences.
13. "Lowell is beyond debate the greatest
of our critics." Give a brief summary of
the stntrmpnts and artrument3 by which
Professor Gates supports this dictum.
Copyright, 1000,
by Seymour Eaton.
LITERARY TALKS AND REMINISCENCES.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
BOSNIA SAILS FOR CHINA
WITH HORSES FOR GERMANS
Trouble in Get
ting Animals
Aboard.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 12. .10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind south, velocity 12 miles.
• -
TELEGRAPHIC.
SPOKEN.
Sept 13. off Cape Horn— Br ehlp Blerra Ped
rosa, hence June 1, for Queenstown.' ,
Sept 20. lat 13 S, Ion 3a W— Br ship Way
farer, from Hamburg; for San Francisco. .
Sept 25. lat 9 S. Ion 26 W— Br bark Bandan
elra. from Chemainus. for Cardiff.
Friday. October 11.
Strr.r, Corona, Glelow. San Diego.
Stmr W H Kruper. Krop, San Pedro,
Etmr Gipsy. Iceland, Santa Crux.
Stmr Greenwood. Fa»r«rlund ; Greenwood.
Stmr Westport. Kr)r«t«on, — .
Ger stmr Bosnia. Schmidt, Taku.
Per bark Juana Peral, Alvarez. Callao.
Schr Beulah, Hltchell. Columbia River. '
Schr Five Brothers. - Jensen, Blhlers Point.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
. Friday, October 12.
Ger stmr Bosnia, Schmidt, Taku: W R Grace
& Co.
Xcr stmr Tellus. Pedersen. Chemalnus; R
EHinsniuJr Sons Co.
TJt stmr Wyefleld, 'Cartmer, Manila, via
Honolulu; U S Government. -
Ship America, Harding, Comox; R Dunsmulr
Sons Co. y--i
ARRIVED.
Friday, October 12.
Btmr National City. Dettmers, 14 hours from
Fort Brajrc.
Htmr National City, Dettmers. 4 hours from
Fort Bracg.
Btmr Czarina, Seaman. 100 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Enolre. Nelson, 60 hours from Coot
Bay.
etmr Eureka. Jensen, 2S hours from Eureka.
Stmr Tlllamoofc, Jensen. 16 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson. 71 hours from New
port.
Br itmr Port Stechens, 'W'hltehead, 41 days
from Manila, via Taku 30 days, via Xagasakl
23 days.
Barge Santa Paula, Nielsen. 40 hours from
Ventura.
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Water Front Notes.
The Fearless will loRd lumber at Grays Har
bor for Guaymas; the J. B. Brown, lumber at
Chemaius for Sydney, 4Ss Sd, option of Mel
bourne or Adelaide, 56s 3d, prior to arrival;
the Lurllne, merchandise to Kahului.
Horses and Feed for China.
The German steamer Boenla cleared yester
day for Taku. China, with the following caxgro
for the German Government, valued at nss.^fO,
j exclusive of the electric plant, valued at $12.0CQ,
j to be used for Il^ht and ventilation, and which
I will be returned to the United States: "813
I bales hay, 6545 ctls oats. fifl.glO lbs bran. 4<S
sks earrcts. ft34 horses, 224 mules. The Boxnla
also carried 329 pkgs United States Government
supplies, for which no value Is given.
¦ The ship Alsternixle, that leaves here
for London In a few days, will take one of
the most valuable cargoes that has left.
In a Bailing vessel for many a day. It Is
valued at over $300,000, and among: it are
| 01.000 cases of salmon. 50.000 eases of
canned goods and £000 centals of barley.
The new schooner R. C. Slade sailed
from Grays Harbor for Fremantle, Aus
tralia, yesterday with a cargro of lumber.
Captain Harrington, late of the barken
tlne Omega. Is now in command of. the
bark General IJoby.
The new pilot boat Is to be named Co
lumbia. She replaces the Bonlta and
goes into commission on Xovember 15.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Water Front Notes.
Customs searchers prized 1400 Manila
cigars yesterday morning in the drying
room of the America Maru. The goods
have been confiscated and will be' sold for
th* duty.
Smuggled Cigars Seiz«d.
Tho ptcamer Ran Benito. that is to start
a new opposition line between here and
Mexican ports, is only coming here for re
pairs. After her boilers are overhauled
she will take a general cargo from here
to Guaymas. The San Benito is the larg
est of the Pacific Navigation Company's
fleet and she is only 800 tons gross burden.
No, Mexican Opposition.
Tho body of an unknown man was
found yesterday in the bay near Webster
street wharf by Joseph F; Patrlclo of 161S
Lombard street. The pockets of the dead
man were filled with stones. The body
had been In the water about a month and
the features werx; unrecognizable. He
was 5 feet 11 inches tall, 60 or 70 years
old, dark and gray hair and a long
gray goatee. Tho clothing was a brown
sack coat, licht plaid vest, brown trou
sers, brogans well worn and gray cotton
underwear.
Unknown Suicide in the Bay.
Never in the history of the port has
there been a prpttior picture than the de
garture of the Zealar.dia with the Mystic
hrlners last Thursday. The big steamer
was loaded "just right." and not a long
shoreman but what said as she parsed
along the water front. "There goes a ves
sel loaded for any kind of weather." The
Zealandia was 24 feet aft and 16 feet for
ward, and if the Shriners do not have a
weathrrly trip it will be the fault of old
Neptune.
Captain McCullough of the pilot service,
who took the Zealandia . out, says all
hands were making good weather of it
except Andy Houselman. and when last
s*>en he was vowing vengeance on Ix>u
Azn»»r. Lou gave Andy a remedy for sea
sickness that failed to connect.
Made a Pretty Picture.
De Cleer Says His, Bride Celebrated
Marriage by Big Spree.
Frank de Cleer is a tailor, living at 522
Pine street. On May 7 Frank became fas
cinated with May Jones and married her.
May wsis a habitue of the saloon kept by
Frank's son at 622H Pine street. May got
drunk on her wedding night. In fact, she
got drunk every night thereafter until
June 26. when she landed in the Harbor
Hospital. At least that is the complaint
made by Mr. de Cleer, and the books of
tho hospital bear him out as far as the
morning of June 26 is concerned. At 2:13
a. m. of that day Mrs. de Cleer was found
on the sidewalk of Battery street by Offi
cer Graham and taken to the hospital.
Dr?. Robinson and Bauer took care of her
and about twf lve hours later she was able
to go home. Now De Cl^er has begun
divorce proceedings, and the two doctors,
the matron (Miss Brown) and Officer Gra
ham have been subpenned as witnesses.
WATER FRONT ROMANCE.
will sail in thousands. Many of
the horses are bound for China, but the
majority of the animals and the men will
go to the Philippines to aid In putting
down the insurrection in the islands.
The German transport Bosnia, got away
last night. She had aboard over 700 ani
mals and forage for them to last six
months. Every one of the horses had
been broken prior to, shipment and is sup
posed to be ready for service on his ar
rival in China. The German cavalrymen,
however, are not American rough riders,
and the chances are that there will be
some fun when the German soldiers at
tempt to mount a horse "broken" on the
water front or in South San Francisco.
Every horse is a perfect animal as far as
conformation goes, but a harder kicking
set it would be hard to find. In conse
ouence half a dozen men were taken to
trie Harbor Hospital for treatment before
the lot was g-ot aboard the transport.
From here the Bosnia goes to Nagasaki,
and thence to Taku.
From the German transport dock to the
"Wyefleld was only a block. At tho latter
place Uncle Sam was loading horses,
mules and provender for Manila, while
on the Conotnaugh across the dock every
thing- was bc-ing Rot ready for another
consignment of quadrupeds.
At Folsom-street wharf the Grant is
bring put in first-class order for the
transportation of troops, while the Sheri
dan is nearing completion and will get
away about November 1 with 1000 recruits
for the army in the Philippines.
THERE will be a big movement
among the'i transport fleet next
week. Horses and mules will
leave by the hundred and troops
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 19OO.
BIG TRANSPORT BOSNIA AS' SHE APPEARED JUST BEFORE SHE
SAILED FOR CHINA WITH SUPPLIES AND HORSES FOR THE
ARMY OF THE GERMAN KAISER.
7
Transport Ves
sels About to
Leave.
Steamer. [ Destination. : Sails. Pier.
Rainier ....|Seattle (Oct. 13. 5 pm Pier 13
City Pueblal Victoria Oct. 13. 11 am Pier 9
Euroka ....IHumholdt Oct. 13. 10 am Pier 13
Argo [Coqullle R Oct. 13 Pier 20
Iaqua |Hamboldt Oct. 14. 10 am Pier 2
Itonlta 'Newport Ori. 14. ]I am Her 24
Czarina ...[Seattle Oct. 15. 5 pm Pier 13
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 15. 10 am Pier 13
Pomona ... Hum!>oldt Oct. 15, 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 15, 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 15, 2 pm Pier '3
Fstnta Rom Pin Dletro IO--t. 18, 11 am Pier 11
Alliance ... Portland Oct. 15 1........
O. Dollar.. Grays Harbor O<"t. 17. S r>m|Plcr 2
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 17, 12m|PIer 13
Amer Maru Chlna&Japan Oct. 37. 1 pmlPMSS
Queen Honolulu Oct. 17. 2 pm Pier 7
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 18, 3 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt Oct. IS. 9 am Pier 2
Walla W... Victoria Oct. 18, II amIPler 9
City Para.. New York Oct. 18. 12 mlPMSS
State Cal..] Portland Oct. 20. llam'Pler 24
Corona ....|San Diego Oct. 20. U amjPier 11
Steamer. I From. I Due.
1
Wellington Oyster Harbor Oct. 13
Mackinaw Seattle Oct. IS
Condor Seattle <V"t. 13
San, Matso Nanalmo Oct. 13
Pomona ........ Humboldt Oct. IS
Luella San Pedro Oct. 14
Iaqua Newport Oct. 14
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Oct. 14
Walla Walla ..Victoria Oct. 14
Del Norte Portland Oct. 14
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 14
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Oct. 14
Willamette Seattle Oct. 15
Progreso Tacoma Oct. 13
Crescent City... Crescent City... ".... Oct.' 15
North Fork HumboMt Oct. 15
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 1<S
Coquille River.. Graya Harbor Oct. 16
City of Peking China and Japan Oct. 18
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 1R
State California Portland Oct. 17
Tltanla Nanalmo Oct. 17
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. 18
Corona San niego Oct. IS
MlneolA Tacoma Oct. 18
Uxnatllla Victoria Oct. 19
Alameda Australia Oct. 19
Peru New York.. , Oct. 20
Bonlta Newport Oct. 20
sun rises 6:18
*un sets 5:36
Moon rises 9:52 p. m.
E Time ITime ITlme Time I
* Ft. ! Ft. Ft. Ft.
a H W 1L W H W L W
3... 3:57 4.3 8:17 3.S 2:25 5.3 9:45 0.1
14 ... 5:04 4.3 9:39 3.3 8:31 5.1 10:50 0.3
.5 ... 6:<X5 4.5 11:11 3.2 4:47 4.8 11:51 0.8
.8 ... 7:00 4.7f 12:32 3.1 6:06 4.5
L W " H W I. V,' H W
.7 ... 0:481 l.ft 7:45 4.S l:37l 2.6 7:20 4 4
15 ... 1:3a 1.1 8:22 5.1 2:27l 2.1 8:23 4.5
.9... 2:16! 1.41 8:56 5.1 3:0S> 1.6 9:161 4.5
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OA KDALE.
1 Secon<J Feet.
DATE. f— >
1S?9. 1900.
September 80 '. 90 90
October 1 ijo 9a
October 2 130 iso
October 3 90 2*S
October 4 90 370
Octobers 91) s;o
October 8 90 455
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
! Second Feet. I j
DATE. 1- Mn'sCo, Total
1599. 1900. Canal. 1900.
Sept. 88 39 65 12 77"
Oct. 1 54 65 \2 77
Oct. i 39 43 12 67
Oct. 3 30 35 12 47
Oct. 4 33 fiCO 12 672
Oct. 5 39 • 20SO 12 2092
Oct. 6 39 13C9 J.' 1312
JOAQUIX RIVER AT HERNDOX.
I Second Feet.
DATE. } — 1- 1 J.
1859. 1900.
Sopt em be r 30
October 1....
October 2
October 3.
October i.
October 5
October 6
70
7S
78
78
78
78
78
210
210
no
i«o
ISO
380
7*
Steamer. [ Destination. : Sails. Pier.
Rainier ....|Seattle (Oct. 13. 5 pm Pier 13
City Pueblal Victoria Oct. 13. 11 am Pier 9
Euroka ....IHumholdt Oct. 13. 10 am Pier 13
Argo [Coqullle R Oct. 13 Pier 20
Iaqua |Hamboldt Oct. 14. 10 am Pier 2
Itonlta 'Newport Ori. 14. ]I am Her 24
Czarina ...[Seattle Oct. 15. 5 pm Pier 13
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 15. 10 am Pier 13
Pomona ... Hum!>oldt Oct. 15, 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 15, 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 15, 2 pm Pier '3
Fstnta Rom Pin Dletro IO--t. 18, 11 am Pier 11
Alliance ... Portland Oct. 15 1........
O. Dollar.. Grays Harbor O<"t. 17. S r>m|Plcr 2
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 17, 12m|PIer 13
Amer Maru Chlna&Japan Oct. 37. 1 pmlPMSS
Queen Honolulu Oct. 17. 2 pm Pier 7
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 18, 3 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt Oct. IS. 9 am Pier 2
Walla W... Victoria Oct. 18, II amIPler 9
City Para.. New York Oct. 18. 12 mlPMSS
State Cal..] Portland Oct. 20. llam'Pler 24
Corona ....|San Diego Oct. 20. U amjPier 11
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OA KDALE.
1 Secon<J Feet.
DATE. f— >
1S?9. 1900.
September 80 '. 90 90
October 1 ijo 9a
October 2 130 iso
October 3 90 2*S
October 4 90 370
Octobers 91) s;o
October 8 90 455
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
! Second Feet. I j
DATE. 1- Mn'sCo, Total
1599. 1900. Canal. 1900.
Sept. 88 39 65 12 77"
Oct. 1 54 65 \2 77
Oct. i 39 43 12 67
Oct. 3 30 35 12 47
Oct. 4 33 fiCO 12 672
Oct. 5 39 • 20SO 12 2092
Oct. 6 39 13C9 J.' 1312
JOAQUIX RIVER AT HERNDOX.
I Second Feet.
DATE. } — 1- 1 J.
1859. 1900.
Sopt em be r 30
October 1....
October 2
October 3.
October i.
October 5
October 6
70
7S
78
78
78
78
78
210
210
no
i«o
ISO
380
7*
Steamer. I From. I Due.
1
Wellington Oyster Harbor Oct. 13
Mackinaw Seattle Oct. IS
Condor Seattle <V"t. 13
San, Matso Nanalmo Oct. 13
Pomona ........ Humboldt Oct. IS
Luella San Pedro Oct. 14
Iaqua Newport Oct. 14
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Oct. 14
Walla Walla ..Victoria Oct. 14
Del Norte Portland Oct. 14
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 14
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Oct. 14
Willamette Seattle Oct. 15
Progreso Tacoma Oct. 13
Crescent City... Crescent City... ".... Oct.' 15
North Fork HumboMt Oct. 15
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 1<S
Coquille River.. Graya Harbor Oct. 16
City of Peking China and Japan Oct. 18
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 1R
State California Portland Oct. 17
Tltanla Nanalmo Oct. 17
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. 18
Corona San niego Oct. IS
MlneolA Tacoma Oct. 18
Uxnatllla Victoria Oct. 19
Alameda Australia Oct. 19
Peru New York.. , Oct. 20
Bonlta Newport Oct. 20
sun rises 6:18
*un sets 5:36
Moon rises 9:52 p. m.
E Time ITime ITlme Time I
* Ft. ! Ft. Ft. Ft.
a H W 1L W H W L W
3... 3:57 4.3 8:17 3.S 2:25 5.3 9:45 0.1
14 ... 5:04 4.3 9:39 3.3 8:31 5.1 10:50 0.3
.5 ... 6:<X5 4.5 11:11 3.2 4:47 4.8 11:51 0.8
.8 ... 7:00 4.7f 12:32 3.1 6:06 4.5
L W " H W I. V,' H W
.7 ... 0:481 l.ft 7:45 4.S l:37l 2.6 7:20 4 4
15 ... 1:3a 1.1 8:22 5.1 2:27l 2.1 8:23 4.5
.9... 2:16! 1.41 8:56 5.1 3:0S> 1.6 9:161 4.5
MATTKEE TO-DAT fEAT.). Oct. U-,
Pvmjet, 2Sc, any *e«t: balcony. 10c; ehild-
rea, l&o, any part, e-xcept reserved.
NOTHING BUTJEADL1NERS!
GAMILLE D'ARVILLE !
TOM NAWN AND COMPANY.
EDDIE 6IRARD — AND— JESSIE GARDNER
THE GREAT EVERHART.
WILLIS TROUPE.
THREE POITtrERS. BEI.LE DAVIS.
THE AMERICAN BIOGRAPH,
Showing a
Panorama of the Wrecked City
of Galveston
f^f\% 1 1 TKJ3 SS I A ***
% MATINEE TO-DAY.
SEATS NOW READY FOR THE
SECOND WEEK
Evei j' Eve. Except Sun. Matinee Sat.
. F. C. WHITNEY and EDWIN KKOWXES'
nPini\ T AI and All Imposing
UKlUlnAL. n>w York Production eX
QUO VADIS.
l«w>— PEOPLE— JOO ! C— GREAT ACTS— «!
PRICES M.',fl. ?1, 75c. OOo. 25c
:
MATINEE TO-DAT AND SCNDAY NIGHT.
"THE JEWESS."
The Greatest Triutrrh of the Season.
LAST TTITE TO-NIGHT.
"THt BARBER OF SfcVILLE."
NEXT WEEK.
Monday— VERDI Birthday Celebration.
Fe'j^rtl'r.s freni Verdi's B"sl Operas.
Tuf*isy. Thurs<iay. Funday Nlfrht*. Sat. Mat..
"TARMKN," with a T>Tr.arkab1» fast. Includ-
ing thf Famous Diva. COLLAM ARINI.
W^nw-lay, Frllay. Saturday Nlrht*. "THE
JEWESS."
POPULAR PRICEP-^ and 50 cent*.
Telephone Eush 9.
GRAND OP^^A HO! 1^-
MATLVEES TO-DAT ANT> TO-MORROW.
(SL'.VDAYj.
NEwTflf^W H~t£¥ PANY
LAST TWO NIGHTS
The New Yerk Coinedy Success,
IN PARADISE!
MONDAT-'THE ENSIGN."
EVESIKQ PHICES— lOo. l.-w. 2.%o. 5Oc.
A Few Front Rows in Orf-h«>stra 75^.
MATINEE PRICES— !«»«•. ISe. 23o 5Oc.
No Higher
Branch Ticket OfSce— Er-.pcrtuni.
ALF. ELLINGHOVSE. Pr-. r ,. an a iigr.
Ptoone South 7T0.
LAST TIMES.
MATINEE TO-DAY
AND THIS EVENING.
THE RE^ORD-nnEAK'ER!
HOTT'S Very Be«t Effort
A Texas Steer!;
AN ALL-STAR COMPANYl
From Hert's Madi^on-Sauare Thrat»r. X. T. >
Orsrr.encJr.r TO-MORROW, Sunday Afternoon. !
THE MAN FROM MEXICO.
POPULAR PRICES:
EreT.!RH I5c. 25r, ?,:>c, T-V ar.1 75c. '
51atice« 25»", 25c and V^c j
MATINEE TOW AND SUNDAY.-
LAST TWO NTCJHT&
WE UNS OF
TENNESSEE
BEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
"THE CORSICA^ BROTHERS."
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY ATTERXOOS AND E\"ENINO.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
CAKEWALK!
VAUDEVILLE
¦ CENES OF THE GALVESTON DISASTER
THc CONGO FAMILY,
Telephone for Seats. Park 22.
IFABBRI'S THEATER
(ODD FTLLOWS* HALL.) '¦
GEAJTD OrENiKO MGH7 MONJAT. tet 16.1900. !
Tii* week's i>n>rramme wf!l con*n of a De- !
llC'-tful Fa.-'-e Ccin»djr. ;
AN OPERETTA P-Y OFFEXBACTL
Togfther with an o'Ao cf 5j>e<.ia!tle». fiances. |
Kjrpi miii rketcix-s cf rare nserit by a beft of ,
eminent artlvts. - . ¦
Kverj- Friday erenir.ff GERMAN PERFORM- ;
VANCE by a fp!ena:d corr.pary bf rl*y erB - • ;
Pf-rmlar jiriccs— Tir and J'jc Bex tbeet at !
Kn'imai. CUjr & Co. 'a. ' 1
T0-M0RR0W AFTERNOON,
TO-MORROW NIGHT AND AX.L. NEXT
WEEK.
OPENING of the REGULAR SEASON
T1TE MODERN COMEDY CLASSIC POLITE-
LY PKESKXTED BY THE OIUGIXAL
NEW YORK CAST.
I "A HINDOO 1
I HOODOO." |
kkkk A*** »**»'***•***»•***••
Introducing
ANNA BOTP, GEORGE LARSEX. MATTIE
LOCKETTE and :o OTHEKS.
POPULAR PRICES— Night. 23c. M>r. 7Bo,
Matin«M. s , 23c and 5<N?.
Matln*«s Saturday and Sunday.
C Fo o t h a 1 1 2
iyi vj-jjy\i^
at lOtH and Folsom. (£9
.jT Streets & 3 P. M. fts
gT Stanford 6»
M VS. Reliance jj
This is the only Varsity game wt
|| " Stanford will play in the City
before Thanksgiving
V | Admission 73 cents V*
tf^ all seats reserved e&
p THIRTY-MIN- Sa
LUTE HALVES!
BASEBALL !
San Francisco
vs.
Stockton
SATURDAY AT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:3O P.M.
RECREATION PARK
Eicbth and Harrison Srreeta.
FISCHFR's; concert house.
notnr.ii o d n.i. s ; O n io ; .
Alice Raymond. John Kurkamp. Lillian
Jeanctte. Mae Tunlson, Eudora Fonle, Oscar
Lienan. Robert Ellis, Antonio Vargas. Harold
Iiasford and Xew Movlnc Picture.
Reserved seats. i5c; Matinee Sunday.
- ________
, SUTRO BflTHS.
OPEN' NIGHTS. -
Open Dally From 7 a. tn. t<» 11 p. m.
Bathing Frutn 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing. in<-lu4!r.g n^mlyyion. 25c; children. 20c.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The best «— l(5ene» of th« populnritr of
th**e hotels can be found In the contlnaed
t«trcnage cf thott who on sorne previous
occasion hav* made them their bead-
<juirter* when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one manasem?at on th«
American ar.a European plan.
A visit OR. JORDAN'S great, i
tHUSEUE? OF ANATOMYi
f £$ 1:C1 K&szz7 ct - **' c - —• *W*i i
\ Ef The Largest Aaatonlcal Museum in the
W j/iiWji., W-ertd V«t3f"« or any cntrtcfed <
i. MS SS dtiewe »o»Mlw*ly cured by tbe old«t '
%• /£3jSal tpeaiiiat u tin Cons. Est. 9670*1* < I
» FWt^J to:wi!tition fre* ind rtrvtly pr:vare
UP M'*? fl Trtrmeat [x-jseruliy or ty l-^ter. A.
\ H if ii H t%tf** Cnrr In crery c»»e undertaken. '
BFU II& *rfl-»B.^k,Pnil.«»OPBltl,
il H - aC/t " I » IA * ; *-» MAII.BD *>«£&. <AI
h fl 11 vttatblt book for tarn;
" f>B. JOBDAK A CO.. JOJl MarfcetSL.S. F. I
CS\ CHICHE9TCR-8 ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
frNPVJra^JB UEI> ml Gold «,tt*:iui Mtc. mM
•ft *S 5i-X «' h t! " ht ' b<m - ? n . k * n » othep - Kefa»«
77; «»* g*iy I'ligcroiii fnh.litn.lcn. u« liulta-
1 / f !) "•«»¦ Buy ef ynnr f»ntn<i't «r >rod 4*. in
V* ff :w;ner7.?^«Te>M^ re :
""V_— r '""MtlL lO.OtfOTmlnoaiiU. Poll by
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Curs of Gonorrhoea, Gleets,
Stricture* and analogous complaints
o* the Orient of Generation.
Price tl u. bottle. For sale by druggists.
** '^PATgNTSl' 1)
ISEW WE6TEB.1 I1OTEU,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. Me to $160 day;
}'; to ts week: fs to f20 month. Free baths; hot
an<l coW water every room; lire grates In every
room; elevator runs all nlcht.
rt I rr r^OlfAl Corner Fourth and
unit. IIUIHL «'- 0 »lte
valiees checked free
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
dear signature of /^^^^
T«rr m. sOl mm* a •
to Uke Mnsi&
SEE rpADTCQ*c| F0R HEA0ACHE - SEB
juAl\l tl\O FOR DIZZINESS. ' D
rcvmvc lIPnTLE FOR BIUOUSHESS. rewmwn
GENUINE aivFR for torpid liyer. GENUINE
II DILLS FOR COKSTIPATIOH.
WR3PPFR LpJ-SS for sallow swh. WRAP^FB
. CExrcn must h»v« t.y»«ATu»«.
"Fi^rN'rmj oir reid paper. 1
AMUSEMENTS. [ AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
There is no hog fat in
WHITE COTTOLEXE.
Animal fats (and more espe-
cially hog fat) are mostly impure,
and are condemned by eminent
physicians as being unwholesome
and unhealthful.
WHITE COTTOLEXE
is pure vegetable oil, refined and
clarified, with just enough choice
beef suet to give it consistency.
Food cooked with it is whole-
some, delicious, appetizing and
will not distress in the slightest
degree the most delicate stomach.
Try a pail and you will not be
satisfied with anything else there-
after for shortening and frying.
fRy^rfcg!! The N.K.Falrbar.k Company.
; ft '¦ r ¦*$ \\ ChU-a^>— Sol? M^anf icturwm.
\^*V^j ' FREE ! Onr dainty book>t,
<5bJvC/3dI mailed free to mj addrem. For
«*Jii'ii*.SS I orc ¦"'" * tain P w ° wi " '<" nd tr ** <>"t
T**C*1r?S^fc I t-T> pne< reelp* book. "Homo
Helps." edited by llr». Korer.
Persian B 1^
t »»t 3 f h li tft ,B _J^A
I nrL'tch S4 hi tt£r H in
At Auction
TO-DAY - -
HA. 51. and 2 P.M.
Cor. STOCKTON and 6EARYSTS.
This collection, comprising a nsmim of
SELECTED P1KCES from the Palac« of
a PEKSIAS KHAN, and 100O other rugs
and carpets, ollect-d from all over Ffrsia
and Turkey by M. B. Mlhran, are Just oat
of the Custom-hous*. Every one who »*••
the <"-ll«-tinn admits that no such assort-
ment h&s ever been brousht to this coast
' until now.
.. THE HALE IS POSITIVKLT ¦VHTHOUT
RESERVE. A. W. LOUDERBACK.
Auctioneer.
yrrsk LOST VIGOR
RESTORED!
%^[ r»n«rwrit» ftr bwfc. ttf.
f*^i DR.COOPEa&CO.,
f.^rieg| 318Kairaj8tmi
JTfJ^ff P«n Francisco. CatB>ebuked by Federal Judge Davis for
His Action in the Train
Robber's TriaL
TUCSON*; Ariz.. Oct. 12.—The Jury In the
cai;e of "Bob" Brown, a member of the
Fairbank train robbers, failed to agree.
After being out fifty hours It was called
to the courtroom by Judge Davia and
asked how it stood. When the court
learned that eleven were for conviction
and one for acquittal he asked the fore
man to give the name of the man who
held out. The Judge asked the Juror to
ptand, and then instructed the United
States Marshal to see that he never got
on a United States Jury again.
:Th« act is generally "applauded, as it Is
a notorious fact that train robbers and
murderers are hard to convict in this Ter
ritory. The case will be retried to-morrow.
El Dorado County Farmers' Institute.
PLACERTILLE, Oct. 12.—The annual
Farmers' Institute of this county opened
here to-day and was largely attended
Professor Fowler of the State University
Is the chief lecturer. To-night he ad
dressed the institute -on "The Farm
Hom<?." To-morrow evening the Institute
will be addressed by Professor Jaffa
James Sweeney. R. N. Day. 13. L. Turner
and T. Harris, all of whom but Professor
Jaffa are leading farmers and horticul
turists of the county.
I>EI> MONTE. Oct. 12.—John Hays Ham
mond, the famous South African rninlnf? en
irtn<*«r. is. with his wife, staying at Hotel d«l
Monte forfi few weeks.
ONE JUROR PREVENTS
CONVICTION OF BROWN
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 12.— John Glacken
is to be arrested on. a warrant sworn out
to-day by his father-in-law, - Antone
Menke, an elderly farmer and pioneer hop
grower. Glacken., meeting Menke to-day
made a movement as if to draw a pistol
but Menke. who was in his buggy, drove
quickly away and swore ' to a complaint
against Glacken. Some years ago Glacken
and two sons of Menke had a gun fight in
the public road a few miles from the city,
in which one of the Menkes was killed and
the other wounded. Glacken was shot
through tho bowels, but tho doctors saved
,.hla life^ • ¦ -.
Threatens His Father-in-I.aw.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 12.— The jury in,
the case of Martin Westlake, tried for tho
murder of R. R. Watts last February, to
night returned a verdict of murder in the
first degree, with Imprisonment for life.
Watts was brutally murdered and
thrown into a swamp, where two weeks
later boys found the body. Westlake was
suspected, but had disappeared. He was
found at Reno, working with a railroad
section crew under the name of Brown
He was wearing the murdered man's
shoes and had Watts' valise and clothing
in his possession. Watts' watch and dia
mond pin were recovered at a pawnshop,
where they had been sold by Westlake.
Murder in the First
Degree.
LITE IMPRISONMENT
FOB, MARTIN WESTLAZE
Slayer of R. R. Watts Convicted of
Washington: Additional— Wilson " Scarr
Edgewood, $12.
Gross receipts of the San Francisco
Postofflce for September, $77,961, a de
crease of $10,217 from the receipts of Sep
tember, 1S99. -The total postal receipts of
Los Angeles Bhow a Blight Increase, and
Portland, Or., a slight decrease for Sep
tember compared with the same month of.
1809.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Supplemental — George T.
Ordway, Kedlands, ?4. Increase— Francis
Daly, Sorrento, 510;; James H. Stiffler,
Norwalk, $30. Original widow— Catherine
C. Spence, San Diego. $8.
Oregon: Increase — John A- Confair,
Oregon City, $10.
Appointed: California— Belle Kennedy,
Arabella, Lake County, vice M. R. Ken
nedy, resigned; Oliver Jackson, Escalon,
San Joaquin County, vice -A_ B.' Lamis
iney, resigned. Washington— G. A. Poland,
Carrolton, Cowlltz County, vice John Ly-
Bons, resigned.
WASHINGTON', Oct. 12.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— Agnes Archer,
Agenda. Oregon— Fred Hewett, Uklah;
Lillie R. Meserve, Delena; Charles C.
Magowan, Warrendale.
sions Granted.
3JNTKKESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes, and List of Pen-
ury.
One hundred men are employed In the
repair shops and tlie removal or the shops
will leave but a. very few men working
here. Mr. Harlow said that by. the mid
dle of December about 2W men would bo
¦working at Point RlchmondL Tne round
bouse will remain here.
FTOCKTOX. Oct. 12.— There have been
rumors In the air for several days to the
effect that the Santa Fe repair shops here
were soon to be removed to Point Rich
mond. Master Mechanic Harlow. who re
turned from Point Richmond this morn
ing, confirms the report. He said to-day
that the car works would be transferred
to Point Richmond by the first of Janu-
Car Works to Be Bemoved From
Stockton About the First of
,th« Year.
POINT KICH3HOND GETS
THE SANTA FE SHOPS
KESWICIC Oct. 12.-A11 last nig-ht and
to-day searching parties have sought in
v*l= to Snd Mrs. Mary Haskings. She Is
over 70 years of age and feeble. Yester
day she walked from her home across the
river to visit her son. Daniel Haakins
¦working in the smelter here. About 5
o'clock she started for home afoot, refus
in«r the proffer of a buggy. It was a three
mile walk. Not reluming at a proper
time, searching parties .were sent oV
She was not at any of the neighbors 1
houses. Her footsteps were traced across
the rivor to within a mile of her home
and there were lost. The brush is ouite
thick in that region and it !s feared that
Fhe Ptrayed to some secluded nook and
perished, as one so old and feeble coul1
not well withstand a night In the open
Futila Search by Men of Keswick
for Aged Mrs. Mary
Haskins.
BELIEVED TO HAVE IX) ST
HER WAY AND PERISHED
VAXCOtrVER. Oct. 12.— L. Gerlinger.
preeident of the Columbia Valley Railroad
Company, said to-day that maps of loca
tion and survey of the Columbia Valley
line extending- from WaJluIa down the
north bank of the Columbia River to tide
water had been accepted by the General
Land Office and the maps were filed Jn
the local United States Land Offlca i ere
to-day. Gerlir.ger refused to say any
thing concerning the intention* of the
company regarding commencement of
construction, but It Is generally be'ieved
here that the company will commence
•work in the near future, X surveying
party has recently been over the line in
the^vicinity of tills city, sotting grade
stakes, tuid It Is understood to be proceed
ing eastward. The gz eater portion of the
rig £ t «- r wa , y c l the lln ® between this city
and Wallula has been purchased The
general understanding here is that the
Northern Pacific RaJlway Company is be
hind the enterprise.
Valley Railway's Surveying
Operations.
Supposed to Be Back of tlie Columbia
GREAT JTOBTHEBN MAY
EXTEND TO VICTORIA
BAN. RAFAEL, Oct. 12.— At % meeting of the
citizens of Mill Valley . Wednesday night a
committee of nine members was appointed to
present plans for a compromise to the faction
in favor of expending? the $12,000 recently ac
quired from Eaatland School District on the
present school house in Mill Valley. By the
terms of the compromise It Is proposed to ex
pend $5000 on the present school and place the
remaining J7000 out at interest until a suitable
site for a new school can be obtained In * con
venient BecuoA ol ttfli valley.-,,
¦¦MONTEREY.' Oct. 12.— News has reached
Monterey from Bixbys Landing that Godfrey C.
Wotley of the lumber firm of Wotlay. Brothers
narrowly escaped death there. While fixing a
ring bolt Into a rock, whereon to moor a small
vessel, he was struck by a wave and dashed
Violently against the rock. He was picked up
unconscious, having sustained a severe scalp
wound and numerous cuts and bruises on the
body. He Is not seriously injured.
SACRAMENTO. Oct, 12.— S. E. Biper. who
was arrested in Oakland a few days ago on" a
charge or having passed a bogus check on J.
A. Moffit of. this city, was to-day held to an
swer to the Superior Court. He offered no de
rense and will plead guilty. Ball was fixed' at
J2000. . _ :- ¦ . •;¦•
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 12.— A man giving his
name as Fred Martin and claiming to have
come here recently from Sacramento, was cap
tured to-day by Private Watchman F. H.
Auble, while attempting to escape from the
latter's room .with stolen plunder.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 12.— There was a freight
wreck on the Southern Pacific this morning
Just south or the San Fernando tunnel which
delayed the southbound Owl five hours. No
one was injured.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
Salinas Burglars Captured.
SALINAS. Oct. VS.— Two burglaries were
committed in this city last evening. The
wholesale liquor store of Berges & Gar
rissere at the corner of Main street and
Central avenue, and the residence of P
Garrissere, a member of the firm at the
corner of Gabilan and Church streets
were broken into and much valuable
property and money stolen. To-night the
burglars, two in number, were captured
at Oonzales and they are now in Jail here
The property stolen from the Garrissere
residence was recovered.
Gold to the Value of Three-Quarters
of a Million Brought From
Skaguay.
SEATTLE. Oct. 12.— The steamer City
of Seattle arrived at noon from Skaguay
with 252 [passengers and $750,000 in treas-
? Ure A. °, f ,^ the Sold $493,000 was consigned
to the Selby Smelting Works of Saaftan-
Cisco and the remainder to local banks
and private parties.
The strike on the Chilkat River la eaid
to be a good one. While bedrock has not
pros ects entire district shows nne
The City of Seattlojeft Skaguay on Oc
tober 8 and at that time ice was already
forming in many streams flowing into the
,Ti^o ° n " A 1 » ls w expected navigation will
close on October 30, or thereabouts.
CARGO OP TREASURE ON
THE CITY OP SEATTLE
SAN LTJIS OBISPO. Oct. 12.— Deputy
United States Marshal J. W. Cook, who
has been investigating tho looting of the
mail sack at the Southern Pacific station
last night, has obtained a clew to the
criminal. It is believed the. robber was
J. W. Patterson, or, as he sometimes gavo
his name, J. O. Hearn. He worked lour
or live days in a livery stable here. Be
yond the fact that he claims to have seen
service with Roosevelt in Cuba nothing
is known here concerning him. His state
ment may be true as he has a scar on
the left side of his face reaching from
hl £. i ef »5 ear to the Po'nt of the chin,
which he says is a saber wound.
Patterson was last seen in town yester
day morning at 7 o'clock. Ho cashed a
check at a saloon shortly after the rob
beia- and when it was presented at the
bank for payment it was recognized as
one that had been sent south in the mall
the previous night. The officers have an
excellent description of him and are con
fident they will soon apprehend him.
JUEARNS THE IDENTITY
OP MALLSACK BOBBER
I>eputy Marshal Cook on the Trail
of a San Luis Obispo
Suspect.
Large Contingents of Ex
cursionists.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 12.— The success of
the Fourth District Agricultural Street
fair has far surpassed the expectations
of its promoters. On no day since the
opening has there been lees than 5000
visitors, and most of the time the num
ber was between 12.000 and 15 000. To
day's Southern Pacific train brought hun
dreds of excursionists from the Sonoma
Valley and from Napa and Solano coun
ties.
The deep etage in the fair pavilion
shows a magnificent array of choice
potted plants as a background for cut
chrysanthemums, dahlias, roses, fuschias
and the like. In one corner of the hall
Mrs. W. T. Baggett has a foreign booth
arranged with curios which she has
gathered in her travels in all parts of the
world. Mrs. Baggett's collection, the
choicest articles of which are shown here.
is valued at $50,000. An antique depart
ment, presided over by several society
ladles, among them Mrs. S. K. Dougherty
Mrs. Thomas Bonner and Mrs. Henry G.
Hahman, shows the heirlooms of many
Sonoma County families. Some of the ar
ticles are priceless in value owing to their
great age.
The exhibitors in the art department in
clude many of Santa Rosa's society wo
men. Kidgeway Hall, where tho exhibit
is arranged, is a marvel of beauty. Three
sides of the large hall are covered with
paintings by local artists and the remain
ing side is hung- will all varieites
of tapestry and art panels. Amateur pho
tographic displays are arranged on easels
in different parts of the hall.
Napa and Solan o Counties Pour In
VISITORS STTTT. THRONG
THE CITY OF ROSES
The men became intensely jealous of one
another. Miss Ford finally consented to
marry Harris, and when Craig heard of
the engagement he became enraged and
resolved to thwart the marriag-e If possi
ble. About the end of last month Craig
seat a letter to the young lady, saying
that rather than eee them married he
would kill them both. A second letter
•was tamer, but a third dated October 9,
indicated that the young man had decided
to carry out his threats and had come to
this city for that purpose. He declared
that he had come to Fresno with well-
Eharpened weapons and would do nothing
by halves.
This letter frightened Miss Ford and
she consulted with Harris, with the re
sult that Crids was arrested.
FTIESKO. Oct. 12.— Walter O. Craig, a
yourig man who lives at Orosi, was ar
rested to-day for theatening to kill Miss
Fannie M. Ford, a youag lady residing in
this city. The cumplalnt was preferred
by W. M. Harris. The arrest is the result
of a love aSfair, Craig being second to
Harris in Miss Ford's affections.
£j>ecial Dispatch to Tb« Call.
Rejected Swain's Warning
Letter Lands Him
in Jail.
THREATENS TO
TAKE A YOUNG
WOMAN'S LIFE
It seems that, according to the present
charter of the city of Vallejo, an action
of the City Board of Trustees entailing
an expenditure of over $200 must be ad
vertised at least five days prior to iu
going Into effect. The Board of Trustees
in the case of the police department failed
to advertise the requisite five days, some
claiming that that department, being pro
vided for in the charter proper, needed
no such action on the part of the board.
The charter seems vague and unexplana
tory in regard to tho police force, merely
statins tha.t Tour police officers shall be
appointed, one of whom shall act as chief.
The board appointed and administered
the oath of office to the entire police force
in one evening. Later, seeing that it had
acted unlawfully in that it had appointed
the police force before the act had been
signed by the Mayor, it reappolnted the
officers, but failed to advertise as pro
vided by the charter. This is the point
which Grove L. Johnson brought' up in
his argument and this is the point which
Judge Genty sustained In his decision that
Acock was net guilty of assaulting an
officer.
VALLEJO. Oct. 12.— The decision of
Judge Genty in the case of Chief of Police
Stanford vb. W. R. Acock, in which he
holds that Acock was not guilty of as
saulting an officer when he attacked
Chief Stanford on the night of Septem
ber 13, places the police force of Vallejo
in a peculiar position and practically
means that, according to law, there is no
police force at all in Vallejo. Acock, it
Is said, has at different times claimed that
he would attack the legality of the police
force when the time came, and at one time
told Stanford that if he entered his place
he did it at his peril, claiming that he
was not an officer of the law. Acock had
the best of legal advice and 'seemed to
be confident he could gain his point.
Judge Genty's decision shows that he was
correct.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Effect of Judge Gentf s De
cision in the Acock
Hearing.
VALLEJO POLICE
FORCE HAS NO
LEGAL STATUS
Alexander Hischier testified that he
lived about three miles from the Mitchell
and Imsand places and that Albert Gayer
one of the defendants, was in his place
of business, on the afternoon of July 4
for an hour or more from .6 o'clock on.
According to the testimony of Miller,
James Oaks and Michael Sullivan, the
defendant was at the White House in
c £ lma o from shortly after 1 o'clock until
about 3 o'clock on the afternoon of July
\ Witt testified that Ehlers was
at his place on the same afternoon, leav
ing there about 4M5 o'clock. At 5 o'clock,
according to the testimony of Julius
Thiele, the defendant came to his house
to talk over plans for a barn which he
was to build for the witness. Thiele's
wife was at home at the time and Ferdi
nand Snyder came in a short time a£ter.
knlersremained in the house until about
0:45. Thlele and Ehlers then went out to
look at the site for the building, remain
ing fifteen or twenty minutes, it being
then after 7 o'clock.
Mrs. Thiele. Martha Thiele and Ferdi
nand Snyder were called and corroborated
the te&tTmony of Julius Thiele.
G. Brooms, John Lears and Albert
Bleecker saw Ehlers at the former's place
that evening at H o'clock, where he re
mained until about 9 o'clock. f
Mrs. Catherine Tossl and her daughter.
Mary, reside near the Mitchell place. On
the afternoon of July 4 they saw Mitchell
shooting on his place.
/-.i^ 1 * Imwalle . Frederick Pierce, Michael
Griffin, P. J. Hohman, John Blggio and
John Rogers were members of the Coro
ner s jury which went to the Mitchell
place on July 5. Each heard Deputy Cor
°£ e f J?S\ ask Mitchel l where the shots
that killed his wife came from and Mitch
ell s reply "from that window." pointing
to the Imsand house. They heard Mr
I 1 ox ask him who fired the shots, and hla
reply was that he didn't know. Accord
ing to the witnesses Mitchell testified to
an entirely different story at the inquest
a few days later.
E. E. Cunningham, Jacob Bryan, H. Q.
7, a $S n 'J' H * Mansfield, Jason White, M.
Belli. George <M. Collopy, P. S. Green.
Thomas Egan. H. W. Brown and Daniel
Neville testified that they had known the
complaining witness. Mitchell, and the
defendant. Ehlers; that Mitchell's repu
tation in the community for truth and
veracity was bad, while that of Ehlers
was good; that Ehlers was a peaceable
and uuiet man.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 12.— The defense
in the case of Caesar Ehlers, charged
with the murder of Elizabeth Mitchell,
to-day examined thirty-five witnesses and
had not concluded when court adjourned.
The testimony will be completed to-mor
row and arguments probably will com
mence on Monday morning.
Witnesses were called who swore that
they had seen Ehlera elsewhere at tho
time when Mitchell says he flred the shot
from the Imsand window that killed
Elizabeth Mitchell. Others testified to
the bad reputation of William Mitchell
for truth and veracity and the good char
acter of Ehlers. Testimony was given
that would tend also to disprove the
charge against Albert Gayer, who is ac
cused jointly . with Ehlers and Frank
JLemascher.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Scene of the Mitchell
Murder.
Neighbors Declare Under Oath That
the Prisoner Was Not at the
STRONG CASE OF THE DEFENSE.
TMrty-Fiye Witnesses Tes
tify lor -the Colma
ESTABLISHM
AN ALIBI FOB
CAESAR EHLERS
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 12.— The an
nouncement made by The Call yesterday
morning that Rev. C. B. Kiddick of Oak
land probably would succeed David S.
Hirschberg as superintendent of the Pres
ton School of Industry at lone formed a
subject* for lively discussion in political
circles in this city. That there is good
ground for The Call's statement of an Im
pending change Is verified by sensational
disclosures made In the Bee to-night of
alleged scandalous maladministration of
the affairs of the Preston School by Su
perintendent Hirschberg. He Is charged
with brutal treatment of a boy inmate
and with suffering the grossest kind of
immorality to flourish among the boya
conllded to his care. It Is declared that
the trustees of the school will meet at
lone to-morrow and demand his resigna
tion as superintendent.
Instances of misconduct and immorality
are specified. The case of a boy named
Carly, whose father lives in Sacraipento
and is employed by the railroad, is men
tioned.
"This boy," the Bee says, "was In the
hospital as the result of treatment at the
hands of older boys. And yet Carly'a
ie oTily an aggravated case of what is a
more or less common practice at the
school."
Continuing, the Bee. which gathered its
information from reliable sources at Tone,
says: "A boy, Jerry Green, accused of be
ing late at dress parade, when the evi
dence showed that the lateness was
caused by his having gone to inform the
officers ot" the school of the escape of two
inmates, was, it is alleged, beaten per
sonally by Hirschberg, knocked down and
had his eyes blackened and his face
otherwise pummeltd so as to be nearly
unrecognizable. Until recently escapes
have been common. Now the discipline ia
so lax that no one wants to get away."
For some time the bandmaster at the
school was Adams, the leader of the First
California Regiment Band, which went
through the Philippine campaign with the
California volunteers. Adams was fined
$10 by Hirschberg because a boy under
his charge escaped. He refused to pay
the fine and was discharged. Hirschberg,
it is asserted, has had a personal row
with nearly every officer in the institu
tion. -
It is charged against- the institution
that grown men are taken Into the Insti
tution under the guise of boys. The age
limit is fixed by law at IS years, but there
are many cases of commitments to the in
stitution of youths of "20 and even 21
years. Most of these are said to be thor
oughly depraved and their innuence upon
the younger inmates is bad. Illrschberg
is declared to be thoroughly unable to
keep the boys In subjection.
Superintendent of the School Accused
of Brutality and Failure to
Put a Check on Im-
Speclal Dispatch to The- Call.
Action to Be TaKen \sy tlie
Trustees. ol Preston
Reformatory.
GROSS INCOMPETENCE CHARGED
WILL DEMAND
HIRSCHBERG'S
RESIGNATION
. - ¦ ¦ . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1900. ,
8
• OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j Steamers leave Broadway
I >w wharf, San Francisco:
KJita^. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
KjgtaPNn Oct. 13. li. 23. 2S. N'ov. 2.
PtoJJTwS&jj^ Change to company's steam-
paKwTO erB at sp a"' e -
E&&5QW Van For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
IgSa^i-jSSai C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
I Tacorna, Kvervtt. Anacortes
and Xew Whatcom (Wash.) —
11 a. m., Oct. 13, 18, 23, 23.
Nov. 2, and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle to this company's steamers .for
Alaska and O. X. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m., Oct.
15. 20, 25, 30, Nov. 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping: only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redendo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m., Oct. 12, 16. 20. 24. 2V Nov. i, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
CO8. Port Harford (San Lula Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Neivport — 9
a. m.. Oct. 14, IS. 22, 26, 30, Nov 3, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and GuannBS (Mexico) — 10 a. m. , 7th of each
month.
For further • information obtain company's
folders. -
The company reserves the right to change
'steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without rrevtous nntlc*.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
etreet (Palace Hotrt).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0,R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
If CD T L .A. 3ST ID
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
r « DC S12 First Class. Including Berth
iMuE. 58 Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails.... -»Oct. 13, 25. Xov 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Oct. 20*30
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane Butte
Helena and all points in the Northwest!
Throuch tickets to all points East.
. E. C. WARD, General Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS ft^f*** " tr ~ t -
Superintendents.
SOiTPAOSIB GENEKALB TSANSATLAHT1QUI
DIRECT LINTE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *^>J**
Sailing ev*»ry Thursday, instead of
Saturday, frpm November 2. 1S39. at 5"tt?#»
10 *: m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA LORRAINE. Oct. IS: LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 23; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
1; L'AQUITAINE. Nov. 8. First cin»s to Havre.
$55 and upward. Second class to Havre, $12 W
and upward. GENERAL • AGENCY FOR
UKITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO. , Paciflc Coast. Agents, . 6 Montgomery
avenue, Saa Francisco.
CCEAN TBAVEL.
TOYOKISENKAm
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHAJIF COR
ner First .and Brannan streets. att'^Vt?
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG cilin^t
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong: with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on dav
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, October* 1*7 "ivy)
SS. HONGKONG MARU........_... ' 13C0
ss. N^PPbxMARi^^f:. 2S£2££»"
• Thursday. December 8 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fcr
fretsrht and passage apply at company's of flee
421 Market street, corner of First. ««*«.«.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE
HIW YOBS. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PAWS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound " *
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a m.
St. Paul Oct. 17 St. Paul.. ' >c«« T
St. Louis _..O«-t. 24 St. Louis..' v™ li
New York Oct. SI New York....;.*.Xov 17
RED STAR LINE.
v -\ New forx ana Antwaro.
* From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon
Westernland — Oct. lTIFriesland .. Xov 7
Kensington Oct. 24 Southward ..."nov' u
Noordland Oct. 3l! * 'liMjforla
For frslirht and pasnage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVICJATIOX CO
30 Montgomery st. Or any of lta agents.
OCEANIC S. 8. CO.-HOXOI.CT,C. APIA
AUCKLAND AXI> SVDXEV. ' "^ U
ES. QUEEN (Honolulu only)
..— ..Wednesday. October 17*Vd* m
SS. ALAMEDA to New Zealand and Ausl
tralla Wednesday. October 31 a n m
SS. AUSTRALIA to Tahiti "'
Thursday. November 1. e"i>" m
J. D. SPRcCKELS & BROS. C0 M Agts., 643 Market *t
Pief 7. Foot Pacific St Preipht OtfW 327 Market St
BAY AND BIVEa, STEAJkej^
Steamer "Montloello."
MON.. Tues. Wed.. Thura. and Pat at 9-r
a. m. 3:U 8:20 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night)- v r t
days. 1 P. m. and 8:30: Sunday*. Uffla J,
p. m Landing and orfice. Mission-street D^k
F»«r No. 2. TeleDhone Main 1508. **
FARE ¦••••••..•..«.«. »
• -50c
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES. |
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZI3ACH. lawyer. S03 Cal.. CTunle bd.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
If tt II SflY£rft 900 Battery Street
J*L- TTlLSUrt a-CU-, Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH. .
CW Bhl P Plumbing, Steamboat »nd
¦ IT- Jill 1 111. Ehip Work a specialty. 18 and
18 Washington st. Telephone Main 66U.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. 36 East st.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RflYFS £ Cii Shipping Butchers. 1<M
JA3- PU ICJtt IAJ- pay. TeL Main 1294.
GALVAMZINQ AND METALS,
JkTfc. & Dealer in Mrtals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL. WORKS. 315 Howard st.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First »t.. San Franclgco.
\ OILS. , .
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLIS.
418 Front at., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PAINTS.
CyllnderA Lubricating OIIb, Schneider's Mining
Candles. C Q. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front, a F.
PRINTING.
E C. HTIfiHFS PRINTER.
*» V- UUUUE3, ill Sanaome st. 3. F.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO., »
---'¦-- • 23 First St.. San Fran?lsco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. ~~~~
PARTRIDGE '"ggr"
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, m H f n? A ric
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. aMtS GREEV
5ISS C £V, UER i E S- ls Be« Coai in E th.
market. Office and Yards — «50 Main street.
Price 25 cents. - AJ^ruggrfsts. or sent post
Paidon receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
; IlQRp._175_N. gprjpg St., Lg» Angeles. Cal,
ADVEBTISEBdENTTS.
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
Wo. 2, Hfl, | B §j B la No. 2.
I bmve given personal inspection to the -working 1 of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
BJmtt 6iy that it entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical College.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEXTMATISM, no matter how loafr standing-. Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
4er or Enlarixd Prostate Glaid, no matter if the patients have beea for Tears forced to nse,
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All A»es of Impotency that can be cured, 2.nd permanently restore yonthfnl rigor and
vitality. It is no sumnlact. Its effects are permanect and lasting-. Will cure any case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Wilt cure any case of Varicocele. Will remove en-
tirelr from the sy6te.m Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
_m addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of ParalysU, Locomotor
Ataxia. Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the ¦erve^.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of suff-
•*»r«. It is prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and
FgBSk S39 Q5S at>6ol»*2iy safe. It never Increases or diminishes the action of the
fw* ££» R_ heart. If you are suffering- from any chronic disease Ton are urged to
hP^% Df 3 rJS write to us, no amurbowmanv doctors or kinds of medicines vou
II fl Jggq t^a h!Lve tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU
That yoa may judg-e of the value of the Great Specific for yourself.
« will eend yoa one larjre case by mail FREE, only askine that
«rb«n cored yourself you will recommend it toothers. Write confidentially to onr medical
department, giving- symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for $5.
Address ML I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND. j
La /^^^^^K row Strong I
Mm* H^ s erve an( * I
"Do you know the story of
the dreaded Macabebe scouts?
There is but one man In
San Francisco who can tell
you about them, and as you
are not apt to meet him ,you
¦would better read what he has
to say in the Sunday Call of
October 14.
You will find his experi-
ences among 1 the most inter-
esting and thrilling that you
have ever read.MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG, IN
CHARGE OF LOCAL TRANS
PORT SERVICE.
HOW SOME OF THE FAVORITES OF THE TIVOLI ENJOYED THEM
SELVES IX WALTER COLVERD*S ARK WARMING OX THE BEACH
AT SHELTER COVE.
Miss Christine Payson, only daughter of Captain and Mrs. A. H. Payson.
granddaughter of Mrs. A. M. Parrott, and niece -of Mrs. Joseph A. Donohoe and
John Parrott, died suddenly on Thursday evening at the family home in San
Mateo. Miss Payson was stricken suddenly after partaking of her dinner. Dr.
II. B. de Marville was summoned, but the child never regained consciousness and
died at 11 o'clock. Death was due to the bursting of a blood vessel In the brain.
Miss Payson was 16 years old. Although delicate as an infant and as a
small child, of late years she developed into a healthy girl. She was studious,
but was also inclined to athletics. She was one of the best golf players of her
age on the Burlingame links, where she played regularly with her father. She
was a fine rider and could handle the ribbons dextrously. The funeral will prob
ably take place next Wednesday.*
Blood Vessel in the Brain Bursts and Ends
Her Life at Her San Mateo Home.
MISS CHRISTINE PAYSON
PASSES SUDDENLY AWAY
The will of the late Kmlle A. Brugulere,
the banker, was filed for probate yester
day. Decedent bequeaths his entire estate
to his widow. Josephine Frances Bru
gniere. Peter S.. Emile A.. Francis J. and
lx>uls S. Bruguiere. decedent's children,
are commended to the care of their
mother. Emile A. Bruguiere will act as
executor of the wilL
Entile A. Bruguiere's Will.
McMann's* Body Unclaimed.
The body of Francis E. McMann.'the re
puted son of a wealthy Canadian, is still
at the City and County Hospital. The
hospital authorities are waiting for some
word from the dead man's relatives' The
body will be given to the city undertaker
to-day if it is not claimed, ¦ ¦
We make thousands of feet of moldings
every day and use them all framing pic
tures for almost everybody. We also Im
port moIdlngB and . have Just received a
lot of new designs in vert cherry, bone
ebony and gilts. Sanborn, Vail & Co 741
Market street. • • . ,
Picture Frame*.
The drill corps of Canton San Francisco
No. 6, Patriarchs Militant, Captain C. H.
Kornbeck commanding, which is to go to
Redding next week to compete for a tro
phy before the grand encampment, gave
an exhibition drill In the Mechanics' Pa
vilion last evening in the presence of a
large number of friends. The many Intri
cate evolutions were jwell executed and
the corps was loudly, applauded.
Patriarchs Militant.
I>ecedent's Widow Demands Return
of Moneys She Loaned Him Be
fore Their Marriage.
Suit was filed yesterday by Mrs. Jen
nie White against George Costello, Rich
ard Morrison and Charles G. Gebhardt.ex
ecutors of th.e will of plaintiff's deceased
husband. Jonathan Lloyd White to re
cover $24,209 09. This amount. Mrs. White
alleges. Is due her in accordance with
the term* of a trust under which her
husband held the same. Mrs. White al
leges that prior to their marriage, which
was solemnized May 30, 1883, she placed in
the hands of her then liance for Invest
ment the sum of $11,671 22. On the re
turns from the investment she says her
husband paid her $60000. but retained the
principal and the balance of the income
until now there is due the sum sued for
EXECUTORS OF WHITE'S
- WILL HAVE BEEN SUED
The News Letter of to-day Is well up to
the usual mark. The jingle verse is quick
and timely; the theatrical events of the
week are treated with briskness and can
dor, and the Town. Crier goes after the
rogues with his customary activity. No
table among the special articles are "Plum
Puddin' Tommy as an Admirer of Billy
Baxter," by Horace Egbert, and "A Lit
tle Paper on Brats— Not Excluding My
self," by Reginald Schuyier. ' •
To-Day's News Letter.
Iiiquor Men Are Wary.
The San Francisco Liquor Dealers' Pro
tective Association has issued to the liquor
dealers of the city a letter urging upon
them, in v view of the recent police legisla
tion, the Importance of electing a San
Francisco delegation to the State Legis
lature not unfriendly to their Interests.
The association intends making a careful
investigation of the field and will then
issue a ticket Indorsing candidates who
will support their claims. ?
An Insolvent Farmer.
B. E. Thompson, a farmer of TolO\
County, filed a petition In insolvency yes
terday in the United States District
Court. He owes $16,741 and he has no as
sets. - •...--¦-¦*.,- : */t^
The City of Paris Dry Goods Co.
"Will show on Monday new arrivals of mil
linery and Imported pattern hats at ex
treme popular prices. • ••
John Dick, aged SO years, residing at the
southeast corner of Howard and Third
streets, had the bone of his left arm above
the elbow crushed by a truck yesterday
afternoon. The old man. who Is very fee
ble, was in the act of crossing Third street
when the truck, which was being driven
by M. G. Cottrell, came along. Dick
slipped and fell and before the truck could
be stopped the wheels passed over his
arm. He was conveyed to the Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Bunnell dressed the
wound and then had him sent to the City
and County Hospital. Cottrell was placed
under arrest and charged with battery, .
Bun Over by a Truck.
A charge of fraud has been lodged
ae-ainsi John Clacak and John L. Rado
vich, executors of the will of the late. Ann
Herzo, by Ellen Radisich, a alster of the
d«ceaFed. The complaint aaks that the
executors be ordered to show cayse why
they should not be discharged from their
position as executors and why they
should not furnish a bond securing de
cedent's heirs from loss until the de
termination of the petition to revoke their
letters.
The petitioner alleges that shortly after
the death of Ann Horzo the executors
conspired with Michael Catush to defraud
the estate. They removed from among
decedent's effects, It Is alleged, three
promissory notes executed In decedent's
favor by Michael Catu*h and J. J. Clacak.
aggregating $6300. Various other Irregu
lar practices are charged against the ex
ecutors and hence their removal Is de
manded. , • :..' ;.-¦
Decedent's estate is valued at $90,000.
Her heirs at law are the petitioner, Ellen
Radisich: George Mascarlch and Antona
Radonovich, to whom decedent's estate,
with the exception of 112,000. which is
ordered distributed among friends and
charities, is bequeathed.
They Should Not Be
Removed.
They Are Ordered to Show Cause Why
FBAUD CHABGEti AGAINST
HEEZO WILL EXECUTORS
Frederick William GaTPtson, the San
Dteffo capitalist, i= bfing looked for by
:h<; Sheriff of his home county. Summons
la the suit for divorce lec^ntly instituted
apainEt him by l^ottle A. Garretson has
Dot as yet been frved. Since the fiUng
Receiver Appainted to Hold
His Property Pending
Divorce Suit
GARRETSON HAS
BEEN EN JOINED
As soon as service of the summons is
serv«*d on Garretson an order to show
cause why the injunction against him
should not stand will be called for hear
ing. Just when this hearing will take
place is as yet uncertain.
Mrs. Garretson has not been Idle, how
ever. Her pleadings in the action for di
vorce are daily augmenting and on them
orders have been issued that thoroughly
tie up the defendant's estate. An affi
davit has been filed by Mrs. Garretson in
which she sets forth that her husband
threatened to send all of his negotiable
securities out of the State, together with
his coin, and transfer all other holdings,
in order to defeat her attempt to procure
«n alimony Judgment. On this affidavit
Judge Bahrs issued a temporary restrain
ing order, enjoining him from disposing
of any securities in his possession. G. H.
Tmbsen of this city was appointed re
ceiver of all his holdings and will take
possession of the same as soon as he can
reach the defendant's residence. An
order directing Garretson to pay hi3 wife
alimony in the sum of JZOO a month pend
ing the final determination of the suit
was also made.
of the suit Garretson has kept to the
mountains and valleys where quail
abound. He is enjoying a. hunting trip.
Likewise the Sheriff.
The will of the late George J. Hugh
ston, by the terms of which the bulk of
an estate valued at 5150,000 is bequeathed
to George E. Dunham, proprietor of the
Utica Press of Xew York, must wend its
way through a legal contest. Avery
Oscar Hugheton, an alleged nephew of
c h *i«v, d S ce^ d> , th I? u / h hls attorneys,
Smith & Pringle. filed formal exceptions
to the admission of the will to probate
yesterday. They will contest its admis
sion on the ground that it was Illegally
executed.
George J. Hughston died in this city
on - January 30 last. In his will he be
queathed small real estate holdings to
George A. and Robert Wrieht De
cedent's interest in Sherman Island, Sac
ramento River, together with valuable
personal property, was bequeathed to Mr.
Uunham. The will, which was holo
graphic, simply bore the date "March
189S. There was no acknowledgment
made and hence it is impossible to fix
the exact date upon which the instrument
was executed. This fact. Smith &
Prlngle claim, Invalidates the will
The helrship of the claimant is, how
ever, questioned by the devisees under
decedent's will. They say that he was
not recognized as.a relative by the de
ceased and hence must prove his rela
tionship. The claimant says he was
born shortly after his father's death. He
Bets forth the circumstances of his
father's death and other family matters
with such regard for detail that his at
torneys say they will have no difficulty
in establishing his claim. He is now in
Seattle, but will come to this city to open
the contest.
SAYS HUGHSTOH'S
WILL IS INVALID
?
An Alleged Nephew of the
Deceased Appears as a
Last of Camille d'Arville.
This evening Camllle d Arvllle will make
her last appearance here. She has been
filling an engagement made before her
marriage, and she will go East at onco
and fulfill engagements made there. Then
she will retire from the stage.
The "Barber" at the Tivoli.
The "Barber of Seville" was given again
last evening to a most appreciative audi
ence at the Tivoli Opera-house. The art
ists, Repetto, Russo, Ferrari, Politini and
Nicolini, repeated their success of the
former presentation. "The Jewess" will
be this afternoon's programme and will
be sung again to-morrow evening.
"THE BEGGAR STUDENT" BY
GREVEN CHORAL SOCIETY
An Excellent Musical Entertainment
Is Given in Native Sons'
Hall.
A pleasant evening was spent by the
Greven Choral Society at Native Sons'
Hall last evening. An arrangement of
"The Beggar Student" was given by
members of the society. Interspersed
with popular songs, trios, and other con
certed numbers, representing, as one of
the committee remarked, "everything
from a lyric soprano toi a basso pro
fundo." The house was} crowded to the
doors, and after the muiical programme
dancing was indulged In to a late hour.
The affair was in rharge of Frank W.
Healy. Miss Kittle McShane. . Frank C.
Germain, Mrs. F. C. Germain and Lem
my Lelnsic. •
It was at this time that Mrs. Kreling
was given charge of the halyards and the
trombones started their melody. Every
The early comers decided upon a swim,
and Arthur Lotto, the press agent. Miss
Patsy Schaetez, Max Hlrshfela, "Cupid"
Newbauer and Miss Hopkins braved the
briny and the comments of the more tim
orous quests and trusted themselves to
the waves. Miss Schaetez started for An
pcl Island at once, but was stopped by a
stone barge that crossed her way. She
Is a good swimmer, but not equal to such
.rfin emergency. The gentlemen got cold
feet early In the swim and retired to their
bathhouses.
The Idol's Eye Is an ark owned by Wal
ter H. Colverd, first trombone of the
Tivoli orchestra, and his wife, who Is one
of the chorus. 1 ' She navigated the placid
waters ofvJRelvedere for the summer
months, bu^as winter boats to Tiburon
do not fit a niRht musician's hours Col
verd had her towed over to this side of
the bay, and now she lies high and dry
on the beach at the old Shelter Cove
baths. Mr. and Mrs. Colverd intend to
live In the ark this winter, and so as soon
as she was firmly shored in her new berth
a boat-warmins was In order. Whatever
is in order with the Tivoli folk groeg
quickly, and so It was that a half-hundred
of them sought the beach yesterday to
see what kind of a vessel Colverd com
manded, anyway, and help him start her
on her stationary cruise on the sands.
aid, and drank to the health and welfare
>f the vessel and her crew and owners. \ -
boat and there will be concert music be
tween dances. "Home, Sweet Home", will
be played at 6:30 o'clock In the evening.
CAilFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— Ex-Governor
James H. Budd will arrive here thU
week. Andy Clunie, a San Francisco
lawyer, is In the city. Attorney W. W.
Foote is on his way home from Europe
and will stop In New York for a few flay?
en route. Miss Dennen of Los Angeles Is
at the Marlborough. R. O. Johnson of
Loa Angeles ig at the Astor House. Miss
M. McHenry of Los Angeles Is at the
Marlborough. C. M. Curtis and Miss J.
F. Daniels of San Francisco are at the
Murray Hill Hotel. Mra. E. D. Wenban
of San Francisco Is at the Hoffman. H.
Wreland and wife of San Francisco are
at the Grand Union. T. Simpson of Los
Angeles is at the Park Avenue. A. E
Biddle of San Francisco is at the Con
tinental. T. Caraher of San Francisco
is at the Hoffman. 8. J. Drews fit San
Francisco is at the Continental. \F. W.
Halt of San Francisco is at the Hoffman
W. V. Huntlngton of San Francisco P
at the Everett. L. M. Kellogg and Miss
M. D. Kellogg of San Francisco are at
the Park Avenue. M. H. Nichols and
wife of San Francisco are at the Sturte
vant. F. S. Prescott of San Francisco
is at the Murray Hill. Mis* A. Delaney
and Mrs. L. G. Delaney of San Jose are
at the Westminster. M. M. Grigsra of
Los Angeles Is at the Herald Square O
Friedlander and Miss E. Frledlander of
San Francisco are at the Union Square
A. W. Nash of San Francisco Is at the
Broadway Central. G. W. Simon of San
Francisco Is at the Vendorae.
The ark is one of two big rooms and
three small closets, one of which has al
ready been named "Cupid's Hoot Mon Vil
la." It was here that Blanche Woodman
made herself popular. In one big room Is a
piano and In the other is an organ, and
Colverd hints darkly of a hold stored with
Some of the girls took possession of the
ark and unlocked the piano, and soon the
sides and bulkheads bulged with choruses
merry as any ever sent over the foot
lights. Mabel Hllliard. Josie Davts. May
Hill, Patsy Schaetez. Fanny Birch and
Hannah Davis furnished the chorus.
Blanche Woodman joined the spectators
and Joe Fogarty was lured to the piano
and kept there. It was announced that
the girls would not have to sing last
night, as the opera on had no chorus, so
they didn't car& much whether school
kept or not. Nicolini managed to make
it known that he would not be responsible
for his singing last night, for he had to
work, and so did Russo. but the others
were free, and they made the most of it.
led the orchestra while the picture was
being taken. Then when Gutterson closed
his camera every one climbed down and
sought the lunch table, set on the beach
beside the ark.
There was enough and to spare to tempt
the taste and palate, but Burt Mullen
made the hit of the occasion by discov
ering a keg. full, rampant upon a rickety
bench, which he tapped, and the contents
he passed around, to the addition of his
popularitv and the diminution of the beer.
Mrs. Kreling was given the place of honor
and Miss Hilli&rd kept order with a
chicken bone. In which she was much in
terested. Mr. Lotto. Imbued with the fes
tive character of .the occasion, made a
speech, in which he expressed the hope of
the Tivoli that the ark would strike no
rocks except those of payday, and that
her crew would live long in her without
getting their feet wet. Slgnor 'Nicolini
had also some remarks to make, which
he attempted bravely. His English was
not equal to the occasion, however. J>ut
when he lifted his glass every one knew
what he wanted, and all joined him. •
AH through it was a most enjoyable aft
ernoon. The best of good fellowship pre
vailed, and thp hearty good wishes that
were expressed f««r the arkonauts were
met by the heartiest of invitations for all
to come often. That the Tivoli people will
do so is certain: and during the winter
when any one is wanted if ho or she is
not at the theater search need only be
made at the snug little ark drawn up un
der the lee of the old bath house.
gobd things enough for a cruise to the
water's edge and back.
The navy pay office in San Francisco
eince May. 1S3S, has disbursed tl5.000.000.
The army paymasters at San Francisco
have paid out since the beginning of hos
tilities a sum In excess of $3,000,000.
Prior to August SI the Government pur
chased In California and sent to the Phil
ippines B1C1 horses and mules. Since that
date the Government has purchased in
California 1330 horses and 550 mules. For
these TOO* horses it is^omputed that S4.OO3
rounds of hay and 75,000 pounds of grain
•were daily required. The supplies of hay
and grain were obtained in San Francis
co, hence the farmers of California de
rived substantial benefit from the outlay.
At the beginning of hostilities the army
officers were able to obtain serviceable
horses at $65 per head, but in consequence
of the steady and active demand the price
ertvanced to tSO per head.
The official report rendered by Major
General W. R. Shafter shows that during
the y^ar ended AupTist 21. 1T*>O. there were
FVipj'^d through San Francisco 1368 of
5i< ¦( rs and 3,033 mliKeri men. and returned
to the United States, volunteers and regu
lars. 709 offireis and 13.2P1 enlisted men,
making a total of 3T77 officers and 52.234
enlisted men. This great number of men
was transported ¦without the loss of a
Fir.p-le human life.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.-Reference
to official reports filed in the several di
vision* of th" Army and Xavy depart
ments flinws that the Government dis-
Hirsfmrntp of money in San Francisco
f!nce the «1fclaration of the trouble with
Fpain. In J**": approximate f72.00O.O0O. The
records in the office of Quartermaster
Of-noral Ludington show that a larger
fuit. was disbursed through the quarter
maft»r'f office jn New York, but, in a pe
cuniary sense, han Francisco has received
tbe greater nt-asure of advantage, as the
srr.nunts disbursed in San Francisco v.-ere
in payment to troops and for supplies and
materials purchased in that city.
Pr«c!al Dispatch to The Call.
The law defining eight hours as a day's
work is faithfully observed in every
branch of the Government service. In
cases of great emergency, such. as haste
to make a transport ready for Immediate
service, skilled carpenters and other me
chanics have been permitted to work over
time, for which they received double^ pay.
In some instances carpenters have worked
sixteen hours a day, receiving $4 for the
iegnlar day's work of eight hours and $S
for. the eight hours' extra time. The op
portunity to earn extra money and at the
same time render the Government loyal
service has been appreciated by the work
lngmen.
In conducting the work at the depot,
transport service and clothing branch. It
was found necessary to employ in the
clerical force and as watchmen, ware
housemen, messengers, etc., a force of
334 men. Only American citizens were or
are employed, and veterans have been
given the preference.
In loading and unloading freight nnd in
carrying on the work or. the. transport
wharf many men nave been employed—
from 20 to 40<) daily, depending upen the
number of ships loading and discharging-.
In the clothinp branch of the quarter
master's depot during the past two years
sewing has been riven out to women.
When emergency required n rush the
number of we men employed was as high
At one. time there were fifty-eight trans
ports in service, luft the number has been
reduced to twenty-oight.
mates, as above estimated, $26,500,000, most
of the repairs and changes were done un
der contract. The necessary competition
was invited according to law. The num
ber of men employed by the contractors
is not known to the service. Supplies vast
in quantity and excellent In quality were
furnished the Government under contract.
Many of these supplies were manufac
tured in San Francisco. It is estimated
that fourteen thousand men were em
ployed by contractors in working on Gov
ernment orders.
QUARTERMASTER GENERAL
MARSHALL I. LUDIXGTON,
U. S. A.
Aside from this chief disbursement a
larjre sum has been paid to workmen at
Mare Island navy yard, v
The quartermaster and commissary of
fices of the Department of California have
expended for materials, supplies, forage,
camp equlpaRe. etc.. at least $3,000.00).
The larfiest rum? in the general outlay
for the organization and maintenance of
the troops in tho Orient have been dis
bursed in the transport service and. in the
quartermaster's" depot under the general
supervision and direction of Major Oscar
F. Ixinp, depot quartermaster and general
Fiiperintendont of the army transport ser
vice. Since June 1. 1S9S. there has been
expended in Major L*>njr's department the
sum of $13/Ki0,000 for depot supplies. There
has been an additional disbursement of
$13,500,000 in the transport service for char
ter of vessels, supplies, wages and all
other expenses.
Since June, 1S78, Colonel William H.
Baldwin, commissary of 'subsistence, has
disbursed in payment of supplies pur
chased in San Francisco a sum approxi
mating nine million dollars.
It is calculated that the medical depart
ment of the army has disbursed in San
Francisco since June, 1S9S, the sum of two
million dollars.
When it is considered that a large sum
of money has been paid out for wages of
men and for materials and supplies at
Mare Island Navy Yard, and that other
sums have be«n paid out In the progres
sive work of fortifying the harbor of San
Francisco and for permanent buildings on
the Presidio reservation, the amount is
estimated at seven million five hundred
thousand dollars.
The approximate estimate of $72,000,000
expended in California and chiefly In. San
Francisco is not very far from thd*actual
mark.
It Is impossible, without coins: over a
great number of papers, to segregate the
different amounts for labor, repairs and
handling of freight. In Colonel Long's
department, where the disbursement for
supplies and transport service approxi-
Eince the beginning of active military
' and naval operations Incident to and
' folios-Ing on the war with Spain the
' United States Government has dls
¦ bursed !n San Francisco the sum of
• JT2.000.C00. Disbursement* in the va
• rious branches of the army and navy
. nervJce are approximately estimated as
, follows:
Army paymaster }3,000,000
' Navy pay office 15,000,000
. Department Quartermaster and
Commissary 3.000,000
, Depot quartermaster 13,000,000
, Transport service 13,600,000
Subsistence Department P.000.000
Medical supplies 2.000.000
' Outlay at Mare Island Navy
Yard an<J disbursement* In
1 Ordnance and Engineer de
' partments of the army 7,500,000
Aesrejrate $7?.000.000
Good Turn for the
Farmers and the
Merchants.
Estimate That the Government Has Expended
Seventy- Two Million Dollars.
Benefit Derived by
Workingmen of
the City.
VAST DISBURSEMENTS
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Since the issuance of the orders as
siRniiiR all the recruits at the Presidio to
various regiments In the Philippines a
surprising amount of sickness has devel
oped among the men. Kvcry morning the
sick report contains more than a hundred
names, and aS the time for the sailing of
the transport draws near the list in
creases to an alarming extent. The doc
tors spend an hour or two every morning
examining those whose names are on
the list, with the result that a large ma
jority of the men are found to be suf
fering- from no'thlne more serious than
a case of cold feet. Out of the 550 re
cruits that will sail on the Grant at least
150 consider themselves too sick to co.
The bodies of nine soldiers who died
in Manila were buried yesterday in the
National Cemetery.
The recruits, casuals and convalescents
were paid yesterday at the Presidio.
Twenty-four employes of the quarter
master's department will sail on the Wye
field to-day with 140 animals.
Recruits Who Suffer Only
From Cold Feet.
SOLDIERS ORDERED TO
MANILA FEIGN ILLNESS
Daily Sick Report Contains Names of
The bunko stccrers have robbed the sol
diers of thousands of dollars v.ithin the
past few months. The favorite means
employed to socure the soldier's money
?cems'to be in the sale to him of clothinpr
nnd other artio'cs, exorbitant prices being
charged for eheip softs: worth on an aver
age about $S. The selling price ranges
from ?30 to ?50. "Worthless underwear and
socks are dispo.°ed of at an enormous
gain, and the soldier's pockets are soon
emptied.
.Most of the sales are made to men who
have Just been discharged from the ser
vice of the Government and who receive a
large amount of back pay in the final set
tlement. Bogus pension attorneys and
solicitors for all kinds of wares thrive,
and in some cases that have been report
ed bunko inon have met the soldiers as
soon as they passed out of the headquar
ters, and on the pretonse of past ac
quaintanceship have taken the men to
pertain resorts, where they were uncere
moniously robbed of their coin.
Yesterday afternoon about . twenty of
this fraternity attempted to ply their
trade in the vicinity of tho Phelan build
ing. They wore stopped by the appear
ance of the detectives and police officers.
Every soldier approached by one of these
men was given a warning, and most of
them heeded it.
.«
For some time past an organized gang
of bunko pteorers. clothing sharpers and
petty thieves Kenerally has made its head
quarters around the Thelan building, en
gaged in the pursuit of steering unwary
soldiers who have just received their pay
from the Government against games of
"graft." Tho police have received nu
merous complaints of the nefarious trade,
nnd yesterday afternoon took steps to
prevent ils continuance. Several-- de
tectives and policemen undor the direction
of Sergeant Tobin detailed to warn
each poldler of the snares that awaited
him.
Warn All Privates to Beware of
Sharpers, Who Employ Numer
ous Schemes in Bobbing
Nation's Fighters.
Police Officers' Stationed
Around the Phelan
Building.
SOLDIERS PROVE
EASY GAME FOR
BUNKO STEERERS
The Native Sons' Band of this city, R.
D. Barton leader, will give a compliment
ary concert and picnic at Buena Vista
Park, Sausallto, to-morrow. The band
will leave -on the : half -past 11 o'clock
Native Sons' Band.
None can foresee the outcome of the quarrel
between foreign power* over the division or
China. It is Interesting to watch, tho roln* t»
riecea of this ancient but unprogresslva race
Many people in America are alio joins to
pieces because of dyspepsia, constipation
blood. .. liver and stomach diseases. We an
living too fast, but strength, vigor and rood
health can be retained if we keep oft and cure
the above diseases with Uoatetter** Stomach
Bitters.
What Will Become of ChlnaP
lness every night at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion.' The fortress is one of the most
popular booths in the bazaar.^It is con
spicuous for the fine wares there dis
played. There is a fine portrait of the
Rev Father J. E. Cottle that has received
great admiration for its fine work. The
portrait will be raffled oft the last day-of
the bazaar. Miss Margaret Curley do
nated a very handsome doll to this booth:
Miss Margaret Powell also presented a
very beautiful embroidered table cover.
Miss Katherine Galvin and Miss O'Rourke
are hard workers in the booth.
At the close of the fair it has been de
cided to give a trolley ride in aid of the
building fund. Father Cottle has decided
to sell tickets at fifty cents, which will
include lunch.
Stringent Rules for Musicians.
Muslclans.who may transgress the rules
of their union will have to pay the piper
for the privilege of again getting rein
stated into the society. Should' a mem
ber resign or play for an unfair or boy
cotted firm he can be readmitted on the
payment of a fine of $100 and $20 Initiation
fee. Members guilty of slandering, the
union are placed on the same footing and
will have to pay the same penalty. The
report having gone out from this city
that the musicians are living in clover,
the secretary was instructed to write let
ters ' Kasf stattne that the musicians'
market is overstocked.
C. A. Dickman. J. Peckham, Leo Brack.
F. > K. Bridges and Robert Allan were
appointed to nominate officers for the
next term. ; .,:¦•-
At the Close of the Bazaar the Par
ishioners Will Give a Trolley
Bide in Aid of the Church.
Saint Brijrld's fair is doing a large bus-
SAINT BBJGID'S FAIR
IS A GREAT SUCCESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1900.
HE Idol's Eye went into com-
I mission yesterday, accompanied by
rail the- best wishes the Tivoli peo
ple could say or sing to her. Mrs.
Kreling raised the flag and a trom
bone quartet played the national air as
the colors mounted to the masthead. Then,
everybody sought the table, con\'eniently
one was ordered on board the ark during
the flag-raising: in order that Fred Gut
terson might get a photograph of the oc
casion. The girls lined up on the front
porch, or what would be the front porch
under ordinary circumstances, and the
gentlemen got upon the roof. The quartet
of trombones stood out in front, and
Russo, the tenor, with a .bit of driftwood.
Afternoon on the Beach With Walter Colverd, His
Ark Idol's Eye and Chorus From Opera- House.
Boat Warming at ¦, Shelter Cove- in
Which Principals and Choristers
Joined in Making Vessel Fast, \
SINGERS OF TIVOLI
CHRISTEN HOUSE BOAT
9
"The Days of Forty-Nine"
and "The Days of Gold" seem
in a fair way to be surpassed
by "The Days of Ninety-Nine
and Naughty."
Fortunes Made in Oil from
a mere "shoestring" for a
bank account! .
Who have captured the
prizes P
How did they do itP
How, ' much have they
madeP •
Is there any chance left for
a poor man to become a mil-
lionaire P .
Next Sunday's Call will tell
you all about it! •
POSTUM CEREAL.
IN IT TEN YEARS. !
An Unconscious Slave to Coffee.
"I had not the slightest idea that cof-
fee was the cause of my continued sick-
ness for the last ten years until I quit I
its use and took up Postum Food Cof-
fee. I never had a natural movement
of the bowels during a number of
years, because of chronic constipation,
and I was constantly under the influence
of medicine.
"Very frequently, just after break-
fast, a dizziness would come on. which
would force me to lie down and re-
main absolutely quiet until relief came.
I was also the victim of severe head-
aches, and miserable all the time. Two
years ago last October it suddenly oc-
curred to me that it was possible cof-
fee was the real cause of mv trouble.
"I therefore procured a oackace of
Postum Food Coffee and besran its use
in place of coffee. At first trial I did
not like it. and found some difficulty in
sticking to my resolution, but I perse-
vered and soon discovered that I had
not made it properly. \Vhen it is boiled
long enough it has a delicious Java
coffee taste 'and a beautiful, deep rich
brown color: altogether it makes a
charming beverage.
"I soon erew very fond of it: in fact.
I liked it better than I did the.old cof-
fee. A very' little chance in mv health
occurred and this gradually increased,
until in about two months I discovered a
marked change began to manifest itself.
The bowels resumed their natural func-
tions and the old, dizzy fcelinjr disap-
r^ared entirely, also trft headaches.
"This complete change in health
fixed my mind permanently and forever
never, under any circumstances, to co
back to a drug that had held me a
slave for ten long years. A curious
thing about all this is that people do
not realize the cause of their troubles.
They go on year after vear. iust as I
had. in drugging themselves with some-
thing that holds them in a condition of
sickness and they don't seem to wake up
to understand what it is that is the
cause of the trouble. If such people
could bring themselves to leave off cof-
fee and use Postum Food Coffee, the
trial would tell its own tale. Please
omit my name." Name and address
will be piven by Postum Cereal Co..
Ltd., Battle Creek, Mich.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— _— __^_ro~
Kohler & Chase give easiest terms.
a
Hi"
by the most truly economical
method.
Get one of our beautiful $350.00
Kohler & Co. pianos^ — GUARAN-
TEED for SEVEN YEARS— with
a fine stool and scarf, from us at thi
cash factory price of $275.00. Pay
for it at the rate of say $6.00 to
$10.00 a month, when the sum total
of interest amounts to but
79 TO 84 CENTS A MONTH.
which is all the use of your instru-
ment actually costs you. Remem-
ber we sell you a fine Kohler & Co.
GUARANTEED SEVEN YEARS
at a price others charge for cheap
stencil pianos.
Being the largest wholesalers and
retailers of pianos- on the coast, we
are in a position to offer the very
best values and the absolutely low-
est terms. It costs you nothing to
call at our warerooms and look over
the largest and finest stock of pianos
ever seen' on this coast.
KOHLER & CHASE
KNABE AGENCY.'
Headquarters:
26-30 O'FARRELL STREET,
San Francisco.
|lPS§!^" SAME SHAPE "'¦^^5^^^
Bgga& TWO QUALITIES 'ifEaSS
Dr. Bennett's Electric Beit
Makes weak mvn and women strong aad atronz
men and women stronger. Rooms 5 and S, if
Post it. San Francisco. Cal.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN'A BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; fives health aad
•trengtn to sexual organs. Depot. 823 ilarkeu' LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . Dec. Feb.
Opening 6 2% 6 2%
Closing 6 2V4 6 2»i
PARIS.
W r heat— \ Oct. Jan.-April.
Opening 20 20 2160
Closing ...20 10 2145
Flour —
Opening •" 25 60 27 40
Closing 25 SO 27 25
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2000.
Generally steady. , Good to prime steers, $5 40
@5 85; poor to medium. $4 40(S 1 5 30; selected
feeders, slow, $3 75@4 40: mixed stockers, weak.
$2 75@3 65; cows. $2 75@4 25: heifers, steady,
$2 7504 75; canncrs, slow, $2@2 50; bulls, strong,
$3 8504 60; calves, $4@6 10; Texas fed steers,
$4 40*34 90;-grass steers. S3 25@4 10; bulls, $3 50
©3 25. - - ¦ ¦
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow,'
20,000: estimated left over, 3500; 6c higher,
active. Mixed and butchers', $4 95©3 30; good to
choice heavy. $305 27^: rough heavy. $4 85®
4 95; light.. 5c higher, except under 160 pounds,
slow at $4 90©& 27%: bulk of sales, $5 05®5 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7000. Sheep, steady;
lambs. 10c higher. Good to choice wethers,
$3 85@4 15; fair to choice mixed, $3 45@3 85;
Western sheep, $3 85@4 15; Texas sheep. $2 50{J
3 60; native lambs, $4 25@5 60; Western lambs,
London Wool Market.
LONDON. Oct. 12.— There was a smaller sup
ply offered at' to-day's session of the wool auc
tion sales, the number aggregating 10.C67 bales.'
A good selection of lambs' wool sold well and
I was In brisk demand. Prices were firm and
NEW TORK. Oct. J2.-The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. 6hows the bank clear-
Ings at all principal cities for the week ended
October 11. with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year.
Prct. Prct.
New York $913,161,262 !" C .'
J^fton 114,173,997 .... 20.2
r^.? a £°. LV 138.845.832 6.0 ....
Philadelphia 81.816.400 .... • 8 4
St. Louis 40.757,798 1.9
l'lttsburg 28.773,074 .... 36 6
Baltimore ,.. 20,l&9,753 4 4
f=an Francisco 12,665,394 «' 4
Cincinnati 15,160.650 .... .'z.h
Kansas City 17.54S.5C3 ....
New Ctrleans 13.516,713 47.0
Minneapolis 12 670 928 "*""
Detroit 8,020.437 ..'.'. 'fl
Cleveland 10.770,046 .... fl'i
LoulsvJUe 7,396,900 .... io'o
Providence 6,228 S00 12 1
Milwaukee 6.227.414 6.J
St. Paul 6.270.216 2.4 ""
Buffalo 6.531.9S8 .... j'g
Omrha 7.495.004 3.9 !
Indianapolis 6,181.049 9.6
Columbus. O E, 517. 200 .... 'j';
Savannah 7.154.492 107.9
Denver 4.307.0&J 8 1
Hartford 2.244.945 ii*2
Richmond 3.JC2.791- e'j
Memphis 4,0*2.631 28 4
Washington 2,305,093 .... *3"7
Peorla 2.610.337 4.6
Rochester 1.80S.660 .... i*'?
New Haven 1.473,392 .... 246
Worcester 1.317,863 .... ibV
Atlanta 2.677.033 23 9
Salt Lak» City 2.318,730 ..'.. Js'k
Springfield. Mass 1.332.434 .. u'7
Fort Worth 3,217,733
Portland. Me 1.&63.514 .... io'g
Portland, Ore 2,375.940 Jig
St. Joseph ;.. 3.981.991 20.0 '.'"
Los Angeles, -2.397.361 27.0
Norfolk 1.619.769 11. 5 ¦ "*"
Syracuse 1,061,062 .... """"
Des Molnes 1.479.300 v>"\
Nashville * 1.635.264 5.1
Wilmington. Del 893.23S 1 g
Fall River " 715.173 .... 15*7
Scrantoa 838,299 .... 2o'i
strike continued as a restraining factor ip busi
ness. As /speculation everywhere is on a small
scol/\ the effect is minimized. Lower prices re
cently for some Iron products have been an
other disturbing force and the firm market
for print cloths and strong quotations for lum
ber show that in some directions in the gr«-at
Industries a email increase in den;and is capa
ble of raising prices. The situation still prom
ises a recovery when politics and the strike
are settled. Distribution of merchandise at
the West Is still very active. v Tho working
force Is increasing steadily and in railroad and
manufacturing circles In the Middle West scar
city of labor is causing uneasiness. Fear of
tight money has made some men hesitate but
h!«.her rates result from the activity of the
movement of cotton at high prices in the South
At the moment tho , movement of gold f roni
Europe has tended to relieve the tension in
New York and gold Is still coming from Aus-
Piglron production has been further reduced
according to the Iron Age. On October 10 the
weekly capacity of furnaces In blast was 223
169 tons, against 231.778 September 1, and "96*
376 June 1. Stocks at furnaces continue to'ac
cumulate, gaining 36,841 tons In September A
gratifying feature Is the evidence that sur>
plles in consumers' hands are low. Quotations
of- Iron products are steady and foreign buy
ing. continues, two contracts of importance
being placed. Pipe makers are buying quan
tities of pig, while car and ship builders are
also urcent bidders for material.
Much disappointment was apparent amomr
cotton traders when the official crop report
appeared, for the anticipation of a gloomy re
port had put the price up to 11 cents. When
the statement Indicated a point Improvement in
Texas in September prices dropped sharply
Wheat also declined without the aid of Gov
ernment report. Domestic conditions are gen
erally satisfactory and foreign . crop news
cheerful. Atlantic exports in- two weeks
amounted to 4.851,678 bushels, against 6,177 143
bushels last year.
Shipments of boots • and shoes from Boston
at the rate of 83,415 cases woekly mean the
most active business ! since April and exceed
the heavy forwardlngs of last year. Improve
ment Is general, with orders from all parts
NEW TORK. Oct. 12.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
More seasonable weather had important In
fluence throughout the country, but the coal
Bank Clearings.
Dun's Reviezv of Trade.
FRIDAY, Oct. 12-2:30 p. m.
XTXITED STATES BONDS.
4s quar coup...ll4Him; 4s do cp (new). 133« 1341*
4s do reg 114^U5>' 4 3a do coup.... J09U _
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.. 102^104 1 Oak Water 5s lftr^i _
Cal-st Cab 5S..USH — Oceanic SS 5»;iO7*!lCS
C C Water 5s..lO«m06%|Om C R 6s r»5i£ _
Ed L & P «s.131H — Pac G Imp 4s!l01*i —
F&ClRy6s.. — — P& Cl Rjr€s..lO4 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — PiORRhm _
H C ft S 3^is.. — — Powell-st R 6s.U7li _
Do 5s---. 100 — Sac L GJkR 5s.lOO»kl01
L A R 99....104T. - S F &S J Vos.llS -
L A Lt Co 6s.. - 103 S R of Cal 8s - -
Do gntd 6s... — — SPof A5s....uiHW%
L A gntd 5s.. M<4 — S P ofC6s(1905) *
L A F R R as. — 102 fSerles A) 107^ _
Mark«t-st 6s...l2S — Do (Series BH08H —
Do 1st M 5S..117* - S P C Ss (1906)109U110
N C N G R 7s. - 113^4 Do WlZ). . m 119
N U of Cal 63.113 113 IS P R 1st «ntd _ _
Do 5s IIS — S P B «9.T. ijo _
N Cal Ry «s... - 111 Do 3d mtg" _ iff»*
&£ S& V38* = stkta Gaa Z'™ -
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 63»» — Spring Valley M« —
Marln County. 51H — '»»cy. *** —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS
Cent L & P Co 4 4H' Pac I, Co _ uu.
Equit G L Co. Z% — iSac El G&RCo 25 —
Mutual El Co. — ln'SPGfiE 5l»i siu
O G L & H.... 49U 43^ San Francisco! 8 51J
Pac Gas Imp.. 51\i — Stktn O 4 E C — 14
ISSUKAXCE STOCKS.
FirenVs Fnud.223 - |
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. «8 — First NatlonL.200 3W>
Bank of Cal. ..409 — Lon P & A.. 133 _
Cal S D & T..105 — Merchnts* Ex.. u _
SAVINGS BANK3.
Ger S A L — 19C0 Sfev & L So... _ «
Hum S 4 L.. — • — Sac Sav Bk _
Mut Sav Bk.. 54 — Union T Co — —
S F Eav U....515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — O S 1. & H «
Geary-st 25 — ; Presidio 14 j*t-
Market-st 63 66*4 " '•
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 162'i Vlgorit .... *U »•
Giant Con Co. S2V4 — _/~ *
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co« ; 7^ Kilauea S P C — —
Haw C & S Co — 8S Makaweli S Co — 4314
Honokaa S Co. SO — Onomea S Co« 27«. 2a
HutcH S P Co. 24^ 24^ Paauhau S Co. — It
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 123% — Pac A F A.. i»: _
Cal Fruit Asn. 98 — Pac C Bor Co"l30 litd
Mer Ex: Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co? uL _ ¦
Oceanic S Co..92v4 93% ».T *
Morning Session.
Board—
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 105 *
STOCK A1TD BOND EXCHANGE.
Local stocks and bonds continued quiet and
featureless, a decline In Gas and Electric to
51U being the only noteworthy change
The Oil Exchange did its usual good busi
ness. It has been selling considerable iSockor
THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK. Oct. 12. — Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Though some measures of busi
ness volume and value make unfavorable com
parison with a year ago and speculation Is
certainly on a reduced scale In nearly all
lines other registers of trade activity are still
very favorable and It Is hard to resist the con
clusion that, with few notable exceptions, the
actual business of the country la as a rule
fully equal to If not slightly in excess of the
corresponding period of ISM. This, too, is Uie
case In Eplte of the distinctly repressive ten
dency exercised by the prenent Presidential
campaign. Prices of staples as a whole art
firm after a sustained advance for a month
past succeeding a summer of quiet steadiness,
but unhealthlness of the short side In specu
lation lias been : brought forcibly to the at
tention of dealers in a number of staples,
notably hog products and flaxseed.
The event of the week in the iron and ateel
trade has been the taklr.fe of 150,000 tons rails
by the Pennsylvania at J26 per ton, announced
on Friday. This action will In all probability
be followed by other companies and disposes oi
the steel rail puzzle satisfactorily the rail
makers and constitutes another element of
strength to the Industry generally. Despite a
decrease of over 20 per cent In the current pig
iron production from four months ago furnace
stocks are reported increasing and prices are
rather weak. The considerable volume of hand
to-mouth buying, however, presupposes that
consumers' stocks are well down. In structural
and bridge material the feature Is the placing
of the contract for the new East River brldgt,
which calls for nearly 70,000 tons. Relatively
the mest activity in pig iron is reported at
Birmingham, where sales and shipments are
quite heavy.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4,292.835 bushel?, against 4,459,
1€7 bushels last week and 5,625,634 bushels 111
1S99.
From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports are 51,514,522 bushels, against 60,965,047
bushels last season and 57.22S.176 bushels in
1S98-99.
Business failures for the week in the United
States number 210, as against 177 last week and
1S4 In 1890.
Failures In the Dominion of Canada num
ber 36. as compared with 18 laat week and 13
in -1&J9.
Beano continue very unsettled. Bayos • are
In moderate supply and good demand and prices
are firm, in consequence. Pinks, on the con
trary,' are coming In too freely and are lower
and weak. White descriptions show no ""fur
ther changes worthy of note.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 05@2 15; Small White.
Beans and Seeds.
At present there Is rather more choice wheat
Hay here than usual, but as holders demand
full figures for v It buyers have taken to the
medium and lower grades.' which are stiff In
consequence, with an advance in Clover. Straw
la also hlsher and firm.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged.
BKAN- $16<a"17 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J17&Z1 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled - Barley. J15@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25@26: jobbing.
$26 50; Cocpanut Cake. $17018; Corn Meal, $26©
27: Cracked Corn. $26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed.
J15@l«. ' ' -
. HAY— Volunteer. J5ff?8; Wheat, $11013 50;
Wheat and Oat. $l0frl2 50; Oat. $9@11 50; Clover.
$507: Alfalfa, ?C 50@8 50; Barley, J7@9 per ton.
STRAW— 35@15c per bale.
Hay and ' Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, J3 600
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington. J2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and J3 I^r3 50 for bakers'; Eastern.
J4 75Q5 75 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces in sacks are as fol
lov.-s. usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. J3 per 100 lbs; ,Rye Flour, J2 75; Kye
Meal. J2 50. Rice Flour. J7; Corn Meal, J2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, J4 50: Hom
ing, J3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. 13 50; Farina, J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), J6@
7 25; in sacks, J5 75©7; Pearl Barley, J5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, J5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstu ffs.
WHEAT — The decline was more pronounced
yesterday, and on the morning sessions there
was a slump, accompanied by the heaviest sell-
Ing seen in this market for a long time. Wheat
seems to have no friends at the moment,
though there is no apparent reason for the de
cline.
Liverpool and Paris were lower, but New
York advanced slightly. Chicago opened weak,
with the bears hammering the market. The
decline there was ascribed to continued liquida
tion, but it was thought that strong Interests
were absorbing the sales. The export business
was small, but 300.0CO bushels cash wheat were
worked. The next visible supply is expected
to show an increase. The weather In the
Northwest was reported fine. Argentine ship
ments were 800,000 bushels.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 9S%c; Milling, Jl 02&
@1 05.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
4000 ctls, $100H: COOO, 99V$c: 2000, 99tfc; 14,000,
S9c; 4000. 9S%c May-2000, |1 06%; 10. 000. $1 06?i;
2000, U 06',A; SOCO. $1 06.
Second Session — December — 10O0 ctls. 9S%c;
16.000 9Sc: 8000. 97X4c; 4000. 97%c; 4000, 97%,c;
6000. 9SHc; 2000, 9S»ic. May— 12.C00, II 05tf : 4000.
$1 05 s *; 20, OCX), U 05%; 14,000, Jl 05H: 16.000.
n 05H-
Regular Morning Session— December^-2000 ctls.
99c: 2000, 99V«c; 6000. 99-%c; 10,000, 99Vic May—
2000, *1 C6%; 2000, SI 06%.
Afternoon Session— December— 8000 ctls, 99%c;
10, COO. 99Uc; 2000, 99Hc May— 14,000, $1 06H;
6C00. Jl 06*.
BARLEY— This grain is affected by the
slump in wheat and Is dull and weak, with
quotations more or less nominal in the ab
sence of trading.
Feed, 72Ms@75c for choice bright, 70@71iic
for No. 1 and 65©67^c for off grades; Brewing
and Shipping grades. 77V4@82V4c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, n%c. '
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
70%c. May— 4000. 72c
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Dealers are evidently not disposed to
permit Oats to go down with the other grains
and reported a strong market yesterday, at
unchanged prices.
White, Jl 30@l 43; Surprise, Jl 4501 55; Red,
Jl 15® 1 25 for feed and Jl 25@1 40 for seed;
Gray. $1 25® 1 35; Black, for feed, Jl 10Q1 17U;
for seed. Jl 22HG1 32% per ctl/
CORN— AH descriptions of Eastern are held
at $1 25(0:1 30 per ctl. Stocks are very small.
RYE— 90@92V4c per ctl.
liUCK WHEAT— Nominal.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — *4 81H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 84V»
Sterling Cables — 4 S3^
New \ork Exchange, bight — 07%
New York Exchange,, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50V& SP 61
Bradstrect's on Trade.
CJHICAGO. Oat. 12.— TVheat opened with sales
of December a£ 76@76TsC, and under the Influ
ence of bearish news eased to 75%#"5"4c. Liv
erpool showed a decline; Argentine shipments
were large and the weather favorable. Ex
port business, however, was suspected of be
ing in hiding on the floor, and after the Initial
dlD prices were llrmer In tendency. Later,
when It was reported that 440.000 bushels had
been sold here to the other side, a sharp rally
followed and the end of the session found
tho market at its best. December sold up to
76»4c. closing at that figure, %@%c over yes
terday.
Corn was firm in sympathy with wheat. De
cember closed *i<STjc higher at 35%c.
Oats were dull and fluctuations narrow. De
cember closed H^Uc higher at 22^ic.
Provisions were weak most of the session,
there belne a fair amount of liquidation by
lor.zs under way. Toward the end the grain
strength was felt In the hog product pit, and
a recovery occurred, the close being steady.
January pork closed 2%c lower, lard 7&c lower
and jibs Sc down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cnsh quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: Xo. S spring wheat. 74$J76c; No. 2 red.
75Vl<ff76Hc; No. 2 corn, 41<iJ41»;c; No. 2 yellow.
41((i41%c; No. 2 oats. 22c; No. 2 white, 24%@
23Vic; No. 3 white, 23 1 M25H< V . No - 2 rye . 5 le;
trood feeding barley, 41c; fair to choice malting,
EOi&OSc: No. 1 flax seed, $1 65: No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 70SJ1 72: prime timothy seed, $4 15@4 20;
mess pork, per bbl. $ir.(Jf 15 50; lard, per 100 lbs,
$7 1067 13; phort-rib sides (loose). $7 80(fJ8 10; dry
ealted shoulders (boxed), enSS^c; short clear
sides (boxed), $S 20ST8 30: whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade. $10 25.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creamery. 16®20Hc: dairy.
13018c. Cheese, firm, 10Vi@H%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 17c.
NEW TORK. Oct. 12.— The undertone of the
ptodf market became strong to-day and prices
moved upward pretty consistently to the clot*,
which was ttrong but notably dull and with
cair.e well maintained. The dominant factor
in the market was Uie large engagement or
Cold fcr import. London, Paris and Berlin all
contributing, the total amounting to 12,7^0,000.
The dealings in 6tocks were net large at any
time and to-day's operations were attributed
to professionals fcr the most part. There wa» !
a fair distribution cf the strength, but the
effective dealings during the day were con
o-ntrated In a few stocks, and those distin
guished lor the recent large short selling from
which they have suffered. People's Gas was
the notable example in the industrial lift.
The Mock sold off sifter the opening on thj
presumption that yesterday's buying had satis
fied the demand from the shorts, but the large
covering at the decline caused a renewed ad
vance and it was lifted at one time an extreme
1%. closing w:th a net pain of I 1 *. In the
railroad llFt Northern Pacific was in largest
demjind on tuylng supposed to be for inside
interests. But here aiso the short Interest
played an important part in the day's aj
vanee. which reached 2%, with a net gain of
2V4- But while the strength of these two stocks
was pre-eminent a list Hjf those which !«:>se
from 1 to Z points was a long one. Notwlth
rtanding the notable dullness at the ia-st the
closing was strong and pains were well main
tained. The failure of the money rate to re
tpond to the o;*rations in the stock market
gave color to the BUpposition that they were
conducted by professional operators who had
Fupplied themselves with time loans %vlth a
view to such a contingency am the present.
The coil loan rate In fact was Inclined to saj,,
ih«- ruling rate declining to 3 per cent, not
withstanding that loans made to-day carry
o\>r until Monday. Reports cf the receipt of
additional gc'.d at Pacihc Coart points, which
will be quickly available by telegraphic trans
fer to the N«?w York money market, and the
lessened demand upon the market by the su!v
trcasury by reason of the large midmonthiy
]>enslcn payments were a!so accepted a& prom
ise of relief for the money market.. The most
substantial encouragement in the day's events
va* from the fact that the Bank of Franco
seemed disposed to treat demands for gold
more leniently, that ' institution being basi
equipped cf all the world's treat banks to
*>uppl/ gold.
Bunds were quiet and changes were unim
portant. Total Mies, par value. $770,000.
New United State* 4s advanced \i on the last
call. •
XHV TORK STOCK LIST.
1 1 .--r.-s Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
2.K.0 Atchison ?¦%
'.4.<> Atchison prefd 70* t
S,€1j Haltimore & Ohio 79%
SuO Canadian Pacific iC
Canada Southern „ GO
1.4S3 Chesapeake & Ohio 2SK
Chicago 'Jreat Western 10%
T.S^O Chicago Uuriington & Qulncy 123V
Chicago Ind & Louisville £0V»
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd L3
....... Chicago & CaEtern Illinois 93
100 Chicago & North western 160
COO Chicago Kock Island & Pacific lOo^i
C C C £¦ St Louis Clk
2U> Colorado Southern 5^
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 20*4
CoJsra.io Southern 2d prefd 14'
80') Delaware & Hudson 111»4
l>e!aware Lackawar.na & V%'e ( stern..l74' s
....... Jienver & Kio Grande. lf«Vi
100 Dwnver & Itio Grande prefd C7
lew Erie zim
110 Erie 1st prefd 3ji k
400 Orfcat Northern prefd .154
» Hocking Coal nu.
V* Hocking Valley 23
2E0 UMnoie Central ll£ij
100 Iowa Central i;»J
f Iowa Central rr*fd 29
ICO Lake Krle & Western 23'.j
200 Li.ke Krle & Western prefd Sj'
....... Lake Shore 205
2.130 Luuirvllle & Nashville 724
",£20 Manhattan Elevated 52
1.2S0 Metropolitan Street Railway 151
175 Mexican Central n*
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 64
200 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd SJ
8,800 Missouri Pacific 60
...... Mobile & Ohio 35
Missouri Kansas & Texas 51^
2.EJ0 5.:i*sourl Kansas & Texas prefd.... SS%
2(iO New Jersey Central iZ3ri
1,000 New York Central 12-jC,
1.490 Norfolk & Western 34%
HO Norfolk & Western prefd 7S
S7.0:5 Northern Pacific 60S
2C5 Northern Pacific prefd 70
2S0 Ontario & Western 204
....... Oregon Railway & Nav 42
On-gon Railway & Nav prefd .. 76
10.340 Pennsylvania 130%
43-V Rcadlne I«
J.O'iO Reading 1st prefd . r »%
100 Reading 2d prefd 2o4»
........ H10 Crande Westflrn 4S
itlo Grande Western prefd 90
f=t Louis & San Fran 10%
Bt Louis & Kan Fran 1st prefd . 64
St Loui* A San Fran 2d prefd 33
COO fit Louie Southwestern 1!
1 STiO Ft I>ouls South western prefd 2$%
4,^,0 6t Paul 111%
Kt Paul rrefd .-. 169>4
St Pa-Jl & Omaha 108
J,COO Soutnem Pacific- S3
Southern Railway HVi
J.;75 Southern Railway prefd 62ft
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Kggs are again, dearer, but Butter stands
the same.
The only change of Importance In Poultry
Is an advance In Turkeys. The Game market
is well supplied, but prices continue rather
high, especially for large ducks.
Some changes In Fruits and Vegetables will
be observed.
Fish Is unchanged.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel i <P14 00 Southfletd
Wellington . 011 00 Wellington — «I11 00
Seattle 9 00<3 Coos Bay.... 0 J 10
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq.50<3 SO' Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good JO'v-Lj' dozen 23®43
Cheese. Cal 12 Jj 15; Honey Comb, per
Cheese Eastern.. tf 6 2D pound 13S29
Cheese, Swiss :ofr.r> Do, extracted.. .10S&12
Common Eggs 2o^3t>
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 15«17 I Round Steak 10© —
Beef, choice I5§;o! Sirloin Steak I5jf—
Do, good 10<&'12J Porterhouse do 2'>S—
Corned Beef — 'glO Smoked Beef —$15
Ham 15-S— Pork, salt 12^1",
LatA — ®15! Pork Chops liSlS
Mutton 10-&12 I Pork Sausages. .12S ¦' -'•
Lamb 10©12! Veal 12gli
Pork, fresh 15#— |
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50©«5 1 rv>ves. p«r doi i3'S3O
Joung Roosters. Quail per doi.tl 25 Si I ad
each 50375 English Snipe, pr
Old Roosters, ea..lC^iOj dozen J3 W^g—
Fryers, each 4C^tJack Snipe.. .$1 oO<a2 CO
Broilers, each 30@ 40 1 Mallard, palr.tl OCft 1 25
Turkey*, per n>...20'£ — Sprig 50©73
Ducks, each. 5C-g«O 1 Teal 50©6O
Geese, each...Jl 60^1 73 1 Widgeon 40^50
Pigeons, pair itXQZO Small Duck 3C®»0
Rabbits, pair 40&50 Wild Geese. pair..50£fbO
Hare, each — @20.
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, per Ib..l5@— 1 Limes, per doz 10^12
Apples 43 SiLemons. dot 12#U
Bananas, doz 15^23 , Plums, per Ib 5'jf i
Cantaloupes. ea..lC'a'20 Quinces, per lb. . tit 5
Figs, per Ib 6-810 Raisins, per lb..'.. S^IS
Grapes, per lb 4tj> 6 \ Raspberries. dr-.-K-yaO
Watermelons, ea..lC"a;i Peaches, per 1J)...1O^ —
N'utmeg Melons, Strawberries per
each £310 drawer ZZQZO
Oranges, doz lZg.iO Walnuts, per lb..U®—
Vegetables —
Artichokes. doz...3CiS5O pkra. green pr Ib.10^111
Beets, dor 12-S13 j Peppers, green, lb 5<3U
Beans, white, D.. 6@— Potatoes, per lb.. 30 5
Colored, per lb.. ife 5 3weet Potatoes Zy 4
Lima, per lb..... — i® 3 Parsnips, per doz.litf
Cabbage, each I'alO Rartlshps. dz bchslO-S13
Cauliflowers, each 5&1') Sage, doz bnchs.. 25^3.1
Celery, bunch 5.® — 'String Beans, lb.. in &
Cress, doz bnchs.. 20@23.' Summer Squash,
Cucumbers, pr dzliitlol per R> &310
Esg Plant, lb S^lOi Thyme, per lb 2r."r t 30
Green Peas. R>... 6© J.Turnlps. per doz.. 10-315
Lettuce, per doz.. 15®— Tomatoes, per Ib. lit j
Onions, per Ib 3@ 3 I
Fish-
Barracuda ISff — 'Shad ............. ic«
Carp S 310 Sea Bass -^12'i
Codfish 12#— jSmelts Via—
Flounders S310 Soles ""lCti—
Halibut lt@— Skates, each .' ssp
Klngflsh m— iTomcod — «1»
Mackerel 15'a— Clams, gallon 50^—
T P°- Horse 0 ' hardshell, lb S«—
Perch 10.312iCrabs, each K^ft—
Pomplno 9C0— Do. softshell. dzia-sj—
Rockflsh ........ 12Vt0— Mussels, quart.... saio
Salmon, fresh — ©— Oysters. Cal. lOO.MOffljo
sh I r fmp 1 s m< : k^-.:;::illS °°- Eastern - *»-»«»
Call loans in particular have been generally
advanced to 3Ht Per cent and the rate touched
4 per cent, while time money Is closely held at
4 ;>er cent for all periods. The further sharp
decline in exchange to $4 £3'.£ for demand ster
ling created a feeling that gold Imports from
Europe would quickly replenish New York's de
pleted reserve. About S3.650.CO) gold was taken
for shlnment to I^ondon and Paris, but. it ap
pears from the circumstances that the Euro
pean money centers will offer Btout opposition
to withdrawals of specie to this country, and
that international bankers are averse to any
action, unless it is absolutely necessary, that
would increase the strain upon the Berlin and
London markets. The rise In gold bars and
eagles at the latter city and the decided hard
ening of its open money market would indicate
that. If needful, artificial obstacles will be
placed in the way of large exports. It must
be recognized, however, that the decline of ex
change, the feeling that gold could be with
drawn from abroad If the money mark»t her*
»-hou!d be seriously disturbed, has had a calm
ing influence on the stock market. Another fa
vorable feature Is that the present strength o>
money was foreseen by the street and In a
large measure provided for by making time
loans and the further conclusion that can be
drawn from all the apparent facts is that brok
erape houses, as a rule, are carrying fewer
stocks than for a long time past and their re
quirements of funds are thus greatly reduced.
Money Market conditions took the leading
place this week as a factor In the market, even
the- political outlook being relegated to the
background. The unfavorable bank statement
Of last Saturday, shewing a reduction of the
surplus reserves to a little over $6,000,000, pro
duced a chill in speculation, which was aug
mented by the continuance of the demands for
funds from the South and "West. The move
ment of money from New York to the sections
In question has been heavy this week and it
may be also said If the speculative part of the
street displays confidence In the outcome of the
national canvass a natural amount of conserva
tism is created in banking circles by the ap
proach of election day. The supply of funds
In the loan market Is manifestly much reduced
and Interest rates have been decidedly firmer.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
Family Retail Market.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Ruled quiet but
rather steady at unchanged prices. State com
mon. 4555c; prime, 4%'g'5Uc; choice, 5H@6c;
fancy. CffC'^c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS-Dull, but
about steady.
PRUNES — 3%i@8c per pound as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll®14c; Moorpark, 15fgl6c.
PEACHES— Peeled. lCg20c; unpeeled, &§9c.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20,146 barrels; exports, 4S32 barrels; sales, S3, 200
packages. Market steadier and a trifle more
active on the principal grades without being
quotably changed.
WHEAT— Receipts, 93,975 bushels; sales,
4.210,000 bushels futures: 120.000 bushels spot.
Spot, firm. No. 2 red, 80%c f. o. b. afloat; No.
2 red. 7S%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
E6Hc f. 0. b. afloat: N'o. 1 hard Duluth. 88%c
f. o. b. afloat. Options ruled generally firm
to-day, sustained by scant offerings and the
strength in the West, less favorable Argentine
crop news, local covering, big weekly clear
ances, the firmness in corn and foreign buy
injr, closed firm at %@V>c net advance. March,
S3*»<TS4}ic, • closed S4%c; May. 83 9-lS@¥4Vic.
closed 84Uc; October, 7SViS7S?4c, closed 78%c;
December, SQHQS1 3-16c, closed Sl%c.
HOPS-Qulet.
HIDES-Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet: No. 7 Invoice.
SHc; mild, quiet. Futures closed quiet, with
prices 10 points net higher; total sales, 10,250
bags, Including: November, $7 20; December,
$7 25; March, $7 4O<3'7 45; May, $7 50, and June,
$7 55.
SUGATt— Raw, steady: fair refinlne. 4>ic:
centrifugal. 96 test, 4?ic; molasses sugar, 4c.
Refined, <:ulet.
BUTTEH— Receipts, S635 packages; firm.
State creamery, l"!Cri^l%c; June creamery, 17%
@20Hc; factory. 13@16c.
EGGS — llecelpts. 9663 packages; firm.
ern regular packing, at mark, 15@18%c; West
ern, loss o!f, 20c.
Increased Exports of Merchandise.
Exports of produce ana merchandise from
this port during the first nine months of the
3-e*x vrere itt, 1ST. 100. against $25,535,500 for the
same time In 2SS9. the leading items bein? as
loilows; Atlantic l>orts. -Jl.S37.9iO; Great
iiritaln, ?3,7nO,7(v; China. $3,lw.iOO; Ja;an.
s:\K',3tO; Australia, |l,l^:,6C(»; Mtxico, $1,137.
tvO; Central America, H.1C4.MU; Hawaiian
lilar.ile. JC,7o;.7uO.
Weather Report.
(l*Hh Mertiian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 12—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
ri'i,orted from stations in California to-day:
Eureka SS-Lrs Armeies , 72
Maont Tarr.a!paJs 67 Sacramento 78
Jndf-pendonce CS San Luis Obispo 62
lied liluff 76 San Diego 70
Fresno 7s;
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
72. minimum. E3; rcean. C4.
VEATI1EK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen over the northern
porti< n cf the Pacific slope and risen over the
ecuthern. It is highest off the Washington
c<.a.^t and lowest ir. Southern Arizona.
The teTni>erature has risen in the Sacramento
¦\aii<y and fallen in S-uihern Arizona; eis-'e
v, !:¦:¦!- on ;he 1'aciSc slope the changes have
Lten slight.
It if generally clear :r. the interior of Cali
fiir;a. Southern Oregon and Nevada: elsewhere
cloudy Kvaiht-r prevail*. Lisrht rain Is re
ported Trora Southern Arizona, San Luis
DMspa and the Pupet Sound country.
Fbrecaet made at Pan Franc;seo for thirty
h<urs emllc; jm<J:iiRht. October 13. 1SO0:
XorftH 1 11 California— Fair Saturday; warmer;
Jipht northwest wind.
Southern California— Generally cloudy Satur
cfcy: light vest wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utab— Sbowera Saturday.
Arizona — Cloudy, probably with showers, Sat
vrday; warmer in southeast portion.
San F.-ane;soo and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
light KXtBWCSt wind. G. H. WILLSOX,
Local Forecast Offltial.
485 Texas & Pacific 15%
1S.6U) Union Pacific 6Sii
1.050 Union Pacific prefd .: 73^.
Wabash 7
200 Wabash prefd 17^
110 Wheeling & Lake Erie SH
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie *& prefd 23'j,
4S5 Wisconsin Central lOVi
SIS Third Avenue ill
Express Companies—
Adamg 123
American 150
United States 45
Wells Far^o 124
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 31
10Q American Cotton Oil prefd 90
... American Malting iu,
- American Malting prefd 23 "
225 American Smelting & Refining 3&H
SI0 American Smeltlnj & Ref prefd SS\
American Spirits l
American Spirits prefd 17
100 American Steel Hoop 1314
American Steel Hoop prefd 67
3.670 American Steel & Wire 33
l.EM> American Steel & Wire prefd 734
1,510 American Tin Plate 31\s
i23 American Tin Plate prefd S3
3.210 American Tobacco 90$;
American Tobacco prefd 129
7P0 Anaconda Mining Co 42^4
S.&OG Brooklyn Rapid Transit E2<H,
1.200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 33Vi
2,400 Continental Tobacco 26'
130 Continental Tobacco prefd 77*i
1.200 Federal Steel 33-j
Federal Steel prefd 64
LOSS General Electric 133
Clueose Sugar 49
Glucose Sugar prefd PSV4
1<K> International Paper 17»2
225 International Paper prefd 64',*
I^aclede Gas 6SS
2C0 National Biscuit 22*^
National Biscuit prefd S4
National Lead l'%
National Lead prefd 90
1.3T.0 National Steel 27
4C0 National Steel prefd 83ft
New York Air Brake 119
North American 1414
Pacific Coast oSli
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S4
ra-ific Coast 2d prefd 6Cl±
4ro Pacific Mall SOU
4S.4:.O People's Gas 871;
220 Prised Steel Car 33
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 73«
190 Pullman Palace Car 1&3
Standard Rope & Twine 4 7 4
11,700 Supar U6 7 4
IM Sugar prefd 115
4,S?0 Tenness-ee Coal & Iron 57'»
&00 United States Leather 10'i
United States Leather prefd 6SVi
1,243 United States Rubber 23%
210 United States Rubber prefd S3
345 Western Union 751^
Republic Iron & Steel Co ll»i
Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 52U
P C C & St Louis 52
240,700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 103*; S Y Cent Ists 10SU
I" S ref 2s coup... 103% N" J Cent ten Cs y ...123
U S 3s rejr VH\ S Pacific 3s 64H
U S 2s coup 1094 N Pacific 4s 1022
U S new 4s reg: 134 N Y C & St L 4s.lfo»*
U S new 4s coup.. 134 N" & W con 4s 96»i
U S old 4s reg 114<i Or Xav Ists 109
U S old 4s coup. ..114'i Or Nav 4s 102%
U S 5s reg 113^4 Or Short Line 6s.. 127^
U S 5s coup 113V4 Or S Line con 5s. .112
IMs of Col 3.65s. ...123 Reading g-en 4s £6»i
Atchison sen 4s 93>>» R G W Ists 9S*ki
Atchison adj 4s.... SG*i;s L & I M con 5s.lSS%
Canada So 2ds 106UIS L & S F Ken 6s.l22>i
Ches & Ohio 4Us.. 9S& St Paul cons 1GSV»
Ches & Ohio 5f....113 jSfP C & P Ists... 117^4
C & NW con 7s. ..140 St P C & P 5s HSVi
C & XWSFdeb 5S.120H So Pacific 4s 78»4
Chso Terminal 4s.. 91H So Railway 5s 108%
Colo Southern 4s... $0 j Stand R & T Cs... 66ij
D & R G Ists 103H;Tex & Pac Ists 112%
D & R G 4s S8 iTex & Pac 2ds 63
Kr!<? General 4s.... 6S14 Union Pacific 4s. ..104%
F XV & D C Ists... 71Vs Wabaeh Ists 117".;
Gen Electric 5s 117 Wabash 2ds 101%
Iowa Cent Ists 114'i West Shore 4s 113
L & N Unl 4s 9S>, Wls Cent Ists 83^4
M K & T 2ds 65 Va Centuries 91 "
M K & T 4s S0"4
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 Ontario 6 00
Crotfn Point 14 Ophlr 75
Con Cal &. Va 1 SOJPlymouth .., 12
Deadwood 55 Quicksilver ....".... 1 25
Gould & Curry 70 Do prefd 6 00
Hcie & Norcross.. 33 Sierra Nevada 33
Homestake 55 00 Standard 3 90
Iron Sliver 65 Union Con '.... 20
Mexican 30
BOSTON* STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 91 y.
Call loans 3@4H Wls Central 10*i
Time loans 5@6 Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s 99
A T & S F 2S«4 N K Gas&Coke 6s. 63%
Do prefd 70S Mining Shares—
American Sugar.. .116^4 Adventure 4%
Am Sugar prfefd...lisij Allouez Mln Co 1H
Am Telephone 140 Amalg Copper 87«i
Boston &. Albany. .243 Atlantic 22
Boston Elevatea...l47 Boston & Mont 323
Chpo. Bur & Q 123% Butte & Boston.... 55
Dominion Coal....: 33 • Calumet & Hecla..762
Dem Coal prefd. ...113 ICentennlal 15%
Fltchbure prefd. ...13S 'Franklin 13'*
General Electric. ..133Vi ! Humboldt 25
Gen Elec prefd 133 |Osceola 67
Ed Elec 111 215 \ Parrot, ex dlv 41K
Mexican Central... HViQulncy H2
Mich Telephone.... k> j Santa Fe Copper... 6*4
N E Gas & Coke... ]2 iTamarack 232'
Old Colony 203% Utah Mining 3<Hi
Old Dominion 20v» Winona 2'j
Union Pacific 5S% Wolverines «0Vi
Union Land 1*!
Wheat makes a bad break, zvith heavy selling.
Barley weak and dull in sympathy with Wheat.
Oats, Corn and Rye firmly held.
Beans continue unsettled and fluctuating.
Hay very fitin. Straw higher.
Bran and Middlings as previously quoted.
Exchange and Silver about the same.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Wool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables quiet and featureless.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about as before.
Poultry steady. Good Game sells well.
Nothing new in Fresh and Dried Fruit.
Receipts of Coal smaller again.
Increased exports from this port.
Grand Rn.ni.is .". 1,303,509 13 3
Augusta, lie 2.283.74S 126.0
Jewell 552.597 .... 18.1
Dayton. Ohio 1.304,557 14.4 ....
Settle 3.32S.S64 2... 3
i.acoma # ... 1.314.O3S 13.0
bpokane T... 1,252.050 17.7
Sioux City l,roi,C63 8.4 ....
New Bedford 354,342' .... 33.1
Knoxvllle, Tenn DS2.540 g 6
Topeka 571315 4i'i
Birmingham 971 22fi 34*6
Wichita 46SUS0 2A ....
Blnghamton 362 300 10 8
Lexington. Ky 517.3M 34 9
Jacksonville, FTa. 252.254 C.7
Kalamazoo 402.91S 9 2
Akrcn 5U7.900 29!6 '.'.'.'.
Chattanooga -123,831 9 1
Rockford. Ill S2;i,W) .... 95
Canton, Ohio 27o!coo .... 2 1
Springfield. Ohio 340.490 20 9
Fargo. N". D SS4.O11 ... 39 1
Sicux Falls. S. D m.547 4.1 ....
Hastings, Neb. 377.630
Fremont, Neb 112,100 . 37 0
Davenport 1.262.047 6.7
.Toledo 2.328.908 4.7
Galveston 7,^92.000 .... 23 3
Houston 15,045,507 68.8
Helena 579.155 .... 18.3
loungstown 3S4 441 22 2
Springfield. Ill 4C4.334 4.0 ¦ ..."
Little Rock 762.427 40 0
Kvanston. Ill S21.15S .... 8^8
Macon 1,061,000 C2.2
Colorado Springs S11.122
Totals. United States. $1.571. 406.706 14.3
Totals outside N". T... C56.245.444 .... 4.4
DOMINION OF CANADAl ¦
Montreal $13,033,740 .... 8.5
Toronto 11.077,fi62 .... 4.1
Winnipeg 2.072.497 31.2
Halifax ...: l,i:57,734 6.7
Hamilton 53S.512 2.7
St. John, N. B S02.C72 18.6
Vancouver 1,113,147 6.8
Victoria 684.239 11.9
Totals $33,250,203 7.7
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
4s 5^; do, old, nominal. Futures quiet; No
vember, 4s 2%d; December, 4s 2Hd; January,
2s HUd.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western winter, dull,
6s 2%d; No. 1 Northern spring, quiet. 6s 6%d;
Xo. 1 California, quiet. Cs 6Hd. Futures dull;
December. 6s 2V«d; February. 6s 2%d.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 12.— Wheat, q-ulet; No. 1
Standard California, 6a 6V&d@6s 73; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, barely steady;
French country markets, quiet, but steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 6d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 12.— Consols, 9SV4; silver,
23%d; French rentes, 99f 93c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, buyers Indifferent operators; car
goes No. 1 Standard California, 31s 7Hd; car
goes 'Walla "Walla, 30s; English country mar
kets, firm.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Oct. 12.— "WHEAT— Market decid
edly weak and lc lower. Blue stem, 57c; club,
54C.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND. Oct. 12.— In the local wheat
market there was not much dolne to-day, and
most of the exporters dropped their limits back
to 64S64^c. the latter belnc quoted as an ex
treme figure for Walla Walla. Blue stem is
easy at 67®67V4c Valley is no longer com
mandins the excessive differential that has
been accorded it for the past month, but has
receded to a point where It no longer pays
to ship Walla Walla lntp the valley mills.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 12.— Clearings, $495,180;
balances. $53,675.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.-Aslde from the contln
uationof the weakness In tin In the local mar
ket, caused by liberal offerings and unfavorable
reports from abroad, the local situation for met
als remains unchanged. Tin closed weak at the
decline at $2S@2S 45. Plglron warrants were very
dull at $3 50@10. Lake copper quiet and un
changed at $16 75®17. Lead and spelter both
dull and unchanged at $4 37'^ and $4 10<@4 12*A.
respectively. Tin plates ruled dull at old prices.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 and for
copper $16 S7&.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YOR.K. Oct. 12.— The local cotton market
opened at a decline 0* 12@16 points. A partial
rally at Liverpool caused a temporary upward
movement after the first call here, but again
the situation became unsettled under a re
newed pressure of. long cotton, with the bear
contingent showing Increasing courage and sell
ing with a liberal hand until the net decline
reached 20<g35 points, as compared with the
closing figures of the previous day. There was
no particular amount of confldence manifested
on either side and in the afternoon business was
scant and of a strictly local character, with
the market generally steady at a net decline of
ICQ 33 points.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 12.— The Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit at auction to-day were
as follows: Grapes — Tokays, double crates, $2
(33, average $2 43; Elngle crates, S5c@$l 75, av
erage Jl 10. Wet, unfavorable weather. Two
cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— Earl Fruit' Company
sales California fruit: Grapes— Tokays. $1 35@
1 50 single crates; Muscats. $1 15©1 40. . Pears—
Nellr. J1®1 25 half box: Glout Morceau, aver
age n 09. Plums— Coe's Late Red, 90c@$l 05
single crates. Prunes— Italians, 35®60c single
crater. Seven cars fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Grapes-^Tokays, &5c@
$135 single crates; Cornichon; $1 10(S'l *5-
Prunes — Italians, 50$ 80c single crates. Eleven
cars fruit sol-1 to-day.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. OCTOBER 13.
Flour, qr sks 4.923; Sugar, sks 9«l
Wheat, ctls 93. 308 Lime, bbls 91
Barley, ctls .... 67. 304 i Hides, No 33$
Oats, ctls 7.V)' Pelts, bdls 240
Rye. ctls 530 Onions, sks 200
Cheese, ctls .... 43; Wool, bales 4S-"
Butter, ctls 140; Hops, bales HI
Tallow, ctls 219 Hay. tons 62)
Quicksilver, flka. 8 Bran, sks S0<>
Wine, gals 13.300. Potatoes, ska ... 5.23.1
Leather, rolls .. 51 Beans, sks 5.540
Eggs, doz 8,310
BEEF— «36Uc for Steers and 5S»Hc P*r lb for
Cows.
VEAL-Large. 733c: small. 8V»@3c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7Hc; ewes. «»i@7c per
pound.
LAMB— S@SVic per lb.
I-ORK- Live Hogs. 5%c for small. WQZ\c for
medium and SUSi'ac for larnre; stock Hogs ana
feeders, £@5<«c; dre3sed Hogs, 7HSSUC-
San Francisco Meat Market.
w- can po?3lbly utilize, but It Is the scarcity
cf transportation which is to be feared. *Tir
therir.ore, so long as our own :md foreign gov
ernments continue to charter all th« dl»?ngasca
steamers afloat, at very profitable rates, just
so leng will we be unabl? to get our northern
fuel to market at reasonable fi^snrjs. Another
obstacle will shortly develop itself, viz.. .an'i
ary 1 all Australian coals will be advance- 1
about 3* per ton. This will force Honolulu to
jurchase largely frr.m British (V.lumbia ana
Washington, whereas at present th?y draw
almost their entire reyuirfm^nis from New
castle and Sydney. The oil industry is aoin*
well, as news is being receive! almost dat'y at
the local offices of new finds throughout IM
Ifierior. Immediate .«a!e Is readily made H nil
produced at remunerative fl«ures. and if the
producers were not so largely scattered hlsiwr
prices could be obtained If :here was rarrt
unison of management. This will assured!/
occur later on, as fuel oil Is now receiving
marked attention from all sources."
SUGAR— The Western Suear Reflnin* Com
pany quotes, per lb. In lOC-lb bass:
Crushed. 6.&c; Powdered. 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.25c: Dry Granulated. &1jc: Conrec
tkners' A. 6.13c; Magnolia A, 5.73c: Extra C,
£.65c; Golden C. 5.3oc: barrels, 10c more: half
barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bafts.
10c mere. No orders taken for less than ..> bar
rels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-barrels,
6.90c; boxes. 7.15c per lb.
there was a hardening tendency. Superior snow
white Cape of Good Hope and Natal stocks aie
now only 5 per cent below the July, figures.
Owing to the Improved Continental demand.
Merinos were very firm. The home trade were
the largest buyers. A large quantity of common
Cape of Good Hope and Natal greasy and New
South Wales scoured were withdrawn, holders
awaiting higher prices.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been three arrivals of coal from
British Columbia, with 8317 tons; four from
Washington. 7392 tons; one from Oregon. 400
trus; one from Australia, 3S45 tons; total.
19.954 tone. We are considerably in arrears for
the amount needed this week. The shortage
may cause a little anxiety. There !s no alarm
as to our sources of supply from the coast col
lieries and their ability to furnish us more than
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; South
fleld Wellington, *3; Seattle. S7; Bryant. »I:
Cook Bay. $5 50; Wallsend,. X3; Co-operative
Wallsend. K: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 H
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. 114;
Cannel, $12 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 43 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according
to brand.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags. $S «S; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5»ic: Wool Bags.,2S%©32%e: Fleec-
Twine. 7%c: Fruit Bags. 6%®6%c for white and
8Vi®S>%e for bleached jute. '
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@18c: Northern, defective 12a
14c; Middle County, free. 14916c: Middle Ccun
ty, defective. 12gl4c; Southern Mountain 12
months', 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free 7
months'. ll@12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', 9@llct Humboldt and Mendocino 16
©17c; Nevada, 13ffl6c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6H3«c: do Lambs' 8
fi9c; Middle County. 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— ll%«14Hc j* r ib.
General Merchandise.
•HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9©3Hc; medium, SHe; light, 8c; Cow
hides, 8c; Stags, 6c: Salted Kip, 8c; Salted
Veal. Sc: Salted Calf. 9c; Dry Hides. 15®15Hc;
culls. 12<g!13c: Dry Kip. 13c; Dry Calf, 13f?16c
culls and brands, 12@13c; Sheepskins. Shear
lings. 15$2.ic each: short Wool. 30Q40c each
medium. 50®70c; long Wool. 75c@$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. I2R2 25 for large. $1 75 for medium
SI for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hldea'
dry, $1 50 for large. Jl 23 for medium. Ji for
small and 2r.fK.0c for colts. Deerskins— Summer
or red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c
winter or thin skins. 17%@20c. Goatskins—
Prime Ancoras. 75c; large and smooth We
medium. S5c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4S44c per Ib- No
2. 3<63Vic; grease, 2®2Hc.
All descriptions under this head stand about
as before. Wool Is dull. Hops are firmly* held
end Hides are steady, with a fair demand.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. XVAc per Ib for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 13%c for light.
14c for extra light and 15V»c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12c: Mess Beef.
J12 50 per bbl: extra Mess. S13 50; Family"
J14 50; extra Prime Pork. J15 50: extra clear
119; Mess, J1S 50; Smoked Beef, 12H®13c per lb!
LAnD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9%c for pure; half- barrels, pure
9?4c: 10-lb tins. lOVic; 5-lb tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel. 8%c; thre«
half -barrels. S%e; one tierce. SHc; two tierces
SUc; five tierces, 8Hc per Ib.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HONEY— Comb, 13H@14Hc for bright and 124
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7%4?Sc; light amber, extracted. 7@7%c; dark C
@6Hc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26 per Ib.
Provisions.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 10@12%c per lb; 'Walnuts.
No. 1 softshell. lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell.
10c; No. 2. 714c: Almonds, 15@l«c for paper
shell. ll@12Hc for softshell: Peanuts. 5®6c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts. 13c; Pecans
HC313c; Cocoanuts. $3 r>0@5.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices for the
eeascn of 1910: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, 894c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c' per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, lOVic per lb: choice. 9Hc; standard. S\e:
prime 8c: unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless.
50-lb boxes. 6%c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, fie;
3-crown, 6!4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Cluster*. $2; Dehesa. $2 BO; Imperial. $3. All
prices f.o.b. at common shipping points In Cali
fornia.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 sizes. 3c;
40-503. 7c; 50-60S. 5^c; 6O-70s, Z\c: 70-SOs. 3%c':
S0-90s. 2%c; 90-lOOs. I*4c: 100s and over. 2c; ru
bles, \ic premium; Sor.omas, He and San Joa
quins. %c less than Santa Claras, except 100a
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 6>3
Sc for Royals and 10Sll\ic for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5©6c; sun-dried. 2H@4c;
Peaches, 4Vi@5c for standard. 6H®6c for choice
and 708c for fancy: Pears. 2f?7c; Plums, pitted,
5@64c; unpltted, l*flV»c; Nectarines, S@5V£c for
red and 5HC«c for white.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 75cS$l per case; Canta
loupes. $181 75 per crate; Watermelons, $3 l g20
per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $4ff4 50 :
Seedling Oranges. ~5c®$2: Valenclas. $21? 4:
Lemons, II Ji 1 50 for common and S2f;3 for koch!
to choice; Mexican Limes. J4@4 50; Bananas.
Jl 23f?2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50®3 50 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
PLUMS — 25<Qt>K per box.
GRAPES— Muscat. 30i@65e per box and crate:
black, 33865c; Tokay, 23@65c; Isabella, 50375c:
Ccrnlchon. 65c: Wine Grapes, $20@22 60 for
white, $2ivff;2 for Mission and $23® 28 per ton
for Zlnfandel.
APPLES — 2.1®5Oc per box for common and
60c<?j$l for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, $i*B
125.
PEARS-Wlnter Nellls. 60c©U; Cooking
Pears. 2S<fffi5c per box.
PEACHES— Not quotable.
(JL'IXCEsj — Zbtft ¦oOc per Dox.
PERSIMXONS— 75c8» per box.
FIGS— 25f?73c per ordinary box.
BLACKBERRIES- $3@6 per chest.
CRANBERRIES- Cape Cod. 1808 50; COO3
Eav. $2if72 "3 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3®4 per chest for large
and $7(58 for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES-£3Sc per lb.
RASPBERRIES— $r>@6 per chest.
POMEGRANATES — 4<V375c per small box and
$1 50'2'2 50 per large box.
Deciduous fruits stand about the sam& Fine
Figs, Persimmons and Pomegranates are firm.
Melons are In light supply and steady at the
good prices. There Is no change In Grapes.
JJKCIDLJOLTS KKU IT-
Lemons are In liberal supply and weak.
Limes, too, are plentiful. Oranges are in mod
erate stock and steady.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— New. 10>-,@llc: old, 9®10c: Icun?
America. 10H<&12c; Eastern. 13Vx014c: Western.
10*312c i>er lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20325c for store and 32\tf}
37V4c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lS@25c.
Storage goods— 22V4@24c.
There Is no change in Eggs, except a weaker
feeling in some grades of Eastern. Fine ranch
are steady.
MUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 28c; Sec
onds, 27Q27HC.
Dairy— Fancy. 25®26c; good to choice, 23324c;
common. 20g22c.
Creamery tub— 20@22%c per lb.
Pickled roll-19@21c.
Flrkln-lS@19c.
Quotations for Butter now largely depend
upon those who give them. Those dealers who
are overiupplied are very weak and offering
their best goods at about the quotations, while
others who are cleaned up are quoting rather,
higher. The market, however, Is soft and quiet
as a rule. Cheese stands the same.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail. TGcfiSl 25 for Valley and $2 for
Mountain: Mallard. $V3C; Canvasbaek, JS@» for
choice, down to $3 for poor; Sprig, $2 30«4;
Tf al. $2 5C@3 50; Wldgreon, » 75©2 25; Small
Duck. $1@1 50; Gray Geese. J2g3; White Geese.
75c<g$l 25; Brant. for small and for
large; English Snipe, nominal; Jack Snipe. 73c:
Hare. $1 25: Rabbits, Jlfil 50 for cottontail and
?1 for brush; Doves, 50(g€0c per dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14gl5c for Gobblers
and 14S15C for Hens; Geese, per pair, fl 23*9
1 E0; Goslings, $1 50<31 73; Ducks. »3'54 for old
and $3 50®4 50 for young: Hens. $3 50<g5: Younr
Roosters. $435; Old Roosters, $3 50©4 50; Fry
ers, *3{i3 75; Broilers, J3ft3 Z0 for large and
$2(32 £0 for small; Pigeons, Jl 23 per dozen for
old and $1 50<B2 for Squabs.
Sound Game continues to bring good prices,
but spoiled stock toes for what it will bring,
or Is dumped. English Snipe are especially In
bad condition.
Except a decline !n Turkeys and Hens. Poul
try continues steady, and stocks are well
cleaned up. The demand is very fair. A car
of Eastern — 165 coops — arrived.
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— Burbanks. 33©30c for Rivers and
S5cS?l 10 per ctl for Salinas and 65®90c for
Oregon; Sweets, 50@75c for Rivers and 75c®
fl 10 for Merced.
ONIONS— SCtftec per ctl: Pickle Onions. 35<#
60c.
VEGETABLES- Green Peas. 2@4c per lb;
String Beans. liS^c; Llmas, 2«3c per lb; Cab
bage. Ji; Tomatoes, Bay, 20<340c; Egg Plant.
4O@30c per box; Green Okra, 40<g60c;
Green Peppers, 25@50c per box for Chill and iiu
EOc for Bell: Dried Peppers. 10@15c; Carrots.
25@3oc per sack; Summer Squash. 50c©» for
AlameUa: Cucumbers. 25«4Oc '«r Alameda;
Pickles, $1 JO per box for No. 1 and 63c
for No. 2; Garlic. 4S4*c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, JlOtflS per ton.
Supplies of Sweet Potatoes continue large and
the "market rules easy. Other varieties remain
about the came.
Summer Squash is scarce and firm, but the
other Vegetables are In sufficient supply.
tZ 25S3 50; Large White, $2 25@2 60; Pink. $29
2 10; Red. 12 6O®3; Blackeye, $2 60®2 70; Lima.
$5 2S®5 30; Pea, $3 60(g3 85; Red Kidneys, nomi
nal.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 4c; Yellow Mustard.
5c; Flax, *2®2 50; Canary. 3%c per lb for Cali
fornia and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal;
Rape, 2V4®3c; Hemp, 4®4'/4c: Timothy. 4g4Vic.
DRIED PEAS— Nlle«, U 5002; Green. |1 S0@
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye, $1 50@l 75.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances shows: Available cash
balance. $133,239,678; gold. 5SS.44S.634.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— Money on call firmer
at 2%@3V6 per cent; last loan, 2% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 5©6 per cent. Ster
ling exchange firmer, with actual business In
bankers' bills at $4 83H for demand and at
$4 &0<S4 SOV, for sixty days; posted rates, $4 81#
4 SIVi and $4 S5@4 SoVi: commercial bills, J4 79',*
©4 79%. Silver certificates, 63%@64»ic. Bar
silver, «tf.e. Mexican dollars, 49<&49'.*c. Bonds
—Government, strong; State, strong; railroad,
Irregular.
New York Money Market.
Atchison, 29%; Canadian Pacific. 89; Union
Pacific preferred, 76; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 71; Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda, 9'4.
Bar silver uncertain. Money, 1@1H per cent.
CLOSING
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial j cablegram says:
The market here was slack and drooping to
day on the expectation that the bank rate
would soon be advanced, although a rumor
was current that a rise may be rendered un
necessary by the Bank of France releasing
gold and large arrivals from India. The only
activity was In Americans, which spurted on
New York's early buying orders. They fin
ished buoyant on the buying from your side.
Silver collapsed on th<» announcement that the
Indian Government has completed its coinage
buying by the million sterling purchase. Never
theless the bazaar price has risen a farthing
to H% and Iniila might buy profitably. The
market depends on this.
London' Market.
Sales of wool at the three chief Eastern
markets steadily Increased, reaching: 3,947.000
pounds, against ¦ 3,417,265 the previous week.
There is no such speculation as a year ago,
but tho sales go Immediately Into the mill.
Prices are not affected by lower figures at
the London sales, which had been discounted.
Failures for the week were 223 In the United
States, against 164 last year,' and 32 In Canada,
aralnst 27 last year.
of the country and frequent requests for Im
mediate shipments. Leather is sharing the In
creased activity at the shops and the average
price of hides at Chicago advanced % per cent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO " CAJLL, ¦ BATUKDAY", UCTUJ3EK 13, 1U00.
California Fruit Sales.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Articles — . t>pen. iiign
Wheat No. 2—
Dctobor 74% 75%
November 75»i 76%
December 76 76%
Corn No. 2—
Dctober 40% 41%
November 37% S8%
December 34"i 36
Oats Xo. 2—
October 2m 21%
s'ovember 21% 21%
December 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
October 16 CO ......
s'ovember 1130 1130
Fanuary 11 50 11 50
Lard, rer 100 lbs
October 7 15 7 15
S'ovember 7 12V4 7 12^4
fanuary C 80 6 SO
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs —
October 7 "0 7 70
S'ovember 6 S2^4 6 83
January G 12»£ 6 15
i.
. i»w. uiose.
74H 75%
75«4 76
75% 76%
40% 41%
37 -\ 38H
34% 35%
21H 21%
21% 21%
22 22%
1136 ii'30
11 37^4 11 47%
7 00 7 12%
6 90 7 07^
6 65 6 72%
7 55 7 55
6 70 6 70
6 07% 6 10
Articles— receipts, bni]
Hour, barrels ; 13,000
Wheat, bushels ....141.0CO
bushels 394,000
¦>ats, bushels 335.000 -
Rye, bushels 7.000
Darley. bushels 86,000
lpments
9,C0(
135,001
105.00(
278.C01
3.00«
20.001
Articles — . t>pen. iiign
Wheat No. 2—
Dctobor 74% 75%
November 75»i 76%
December 76 76%
Corn No. 2—
Dctober 40% 41%
November 37% S8%
December 34"i 36
Oats Xo. 2—
October 2m 21%
s'ovember 21% 21%
December 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
October 16 CO ......
s'ovember 1130 1130
Fanuary 11 50 11 50
Lard, rer 100 lbs
October 7 15 7 15
S'ovember 7 12V4 7 12^4
fanuary C 80 6 SO
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs —
October 7 "0 7 70
S'ovember 6 S2^4 6 83
January G 12»£ 6 15
i.
. i»w. uiose.
74H 75%
75«4 76
75% 76%
40% 41%
37 -\ 38H
34% 35%
21H 21%
21% 21%
22 22%
1136 ii'30
11 37^4 11 47%
7 00 7 12%
6 90 7 07^
6 65 6 72%
7 55 7 55
6 70 6 70
6 07% 6 10
Articles— receipts, bni]
Hour, barrels ; 13,000
Wheat, bushels ....141.0CO
bushels 394,000
¦>ats, bushels 335.000 -
Rye, bushels 7.000
Darley. bushels 86,000
lpments
9,C0(
135,001
105.00(
278.C01
3.00«
20.001
AUCTION SALES
5^ AUCTION SALE! £^
MONDAY MORNING. October 15. 1930. at lO:.tJ
o'clock. 40 head of fine draft and weU-match?J
driving horses: 3 splendid black teams. OCCI-
DENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. 721 Howard st.BERKELEY, Oct. 12.— The Berkeley
Board of Trade has elected the following
CHARLES DANA GIBSON, ac
cording to report, is about to be
gin a new series of pictures for
one of the big magazines. These
pictures are to be somewhat dif
ferent from the society sketches which
brought the artist world renown as the
portrayer of the American girl. A model
President Jordan said In part:
"I have come to speak to you abotit a
difficulty Stanford is in. which can be
helped only by an amendment to the State
constitution. That constitution has been
called the worst document th^t ever a
civilized people lived under, but It has
been Improved by some sixty amendments.
It makes good business for the lawyers.
The endowment grant made by Leland,
Stanford was drawn up In a very clumsy
manner. It does not allow the university
to receive any property by bequest or to
hold any outside the State. There are
several valuable pieces of property which
we shall receive should this amendment
pass. Mr. Stanford's brother wishes to
leave his property In Australia, worth sev
eral millions, to the university, and a
wealthy army officer, without children,
has given the university a will to his
property in Washington and South Caro
lina, The wtll is not worth a cent unless
the amendment Is passed."
Dr. Jordan further explained that the
amendment would give the Legislature
the power to free the property held In
trust for the support of the university
"There is fcome one here who I ana
glad is going to speak to you. Some one
here with trouble on his heart—educa
tional trouble. It is right for him to come
here to the mother university, to come
here to tell of it. Whatever la to be said
about educational affairs must be said
here at the mother university. It will be
a pleasure to hear from our good friend.
Dr. Jordan."
"I believe in the good old custom of the
New England chapel. I believe that It la
gxtod to come together and sing and pray
together. But since we cannot meet at
chapel every morning we must meet here
every week or two. so that we may know
that we are members, one and another.
of the same university."
In presenting Dr. Jordan President
Wheeler said;
Dr. Jordan was present to ask the sup
port of the university students on the con
stitutional amendment relatlr.g to tne Le
land Stanford Jr. University, which Is to
be voted on at the next election. He ex
plained what the amendment called, for.
what it meant to the university, to
education ar.d to the State. Dr. Wheeler
asked the students to co-operate with the
Stanford men. who are working for the
passage of the amendment. In addressing
the students President Wheeler said:
BERKELET. Oct. 12.— The first of th«
student gatherings which will be held
every two weeks at the University of Cal
ifornia took place to-day at 11:15 o'clock
in the gymnasium. President E>avid Starr
Jordan of Stanford and President Benja
min Ide Wheeler of California addrewe 1
the meeting. Besides the student body
there was a large number of outsider*
present.
Calls Attention to Proposed Constitu
tional Amendment Which Will
Relieve Palo Alto of Its
Embarassment.
ASKS HELP FROM
UNIVERSITY MEN
President Jordan Explains
Financial Difficulties of
Stanford.
Iv^RW&R. HOLT
TARMF'R. VOOQT
FARMER. PLUtWEJ^
f^RMD£ SMITH
Typhus Fsver Xlaging.
BERLIN, Oct. 12.— Typhus fever 13 rag-
Ing in the Sixty-eighth infantry at Cob
lentz. and also in the garrisons at Saar
brucken.
BERLIN. Oct. 12.— A Shanghai dispatch
dated October 11 says the Chinese Cus
toms Bank has remitted 300.000 taels to
the Imperial Treasury and is preparing
to send more.
For the Imperial Treasury.
CHICAGO. Oct. 11— Twelve prominent •pecu
lators on the Chicago open Board of Trade were
arrested to-day In a raid made by the police
on the open board. Among them were Charles
Albertson. rrenldent of the open board. The
general charge made is "gambUaK la grain."
It la Mated that eighty more warrants have
b«en issued in connection with the attempt ta
•unpresa the alleged gambling In grain ami
rrovislons.
SANTA BARBARA. Oct. 12.— One of the in
ton girders being put In place on the steel tres
tle across Hollister avenue, about five miles
west of this city, fell this afternoon, seriously
Injuring: on* of the workmen. The accident wti
caused by the breaking of a taek!» hauling up
one end of the girder. The big piece of. steel
will b« tput Into place to-morrow.
MADISO.V. Wts.. Oct. 12.-Th» Sunrema
Court to-day rendered a decision In the Mil
waukee Street Railway case, reversing the
rulinr «f the lower court and upholding th»
extension by the Common Council of the street
railway company's franchise.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 12.— President Cas
satt. of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company,
to-day awarded contracts for 130.000 tons o*
steel rails for which th* company will pay
SZH a ton. or a total of K.900..VM for the entire
order. The contract, it is understood, is di
vided araosg the Fei«ral. Carnegie. Cambria
Pennsylvania and National Steel companies
NEW YORK. Oct. 11— John Oarribrandt. th«
youth convicted of murdering Henry Ma&s li
years of ace. was to-day sentenced In the Su
preme Court of Hudson Countjr. X. J., to thirty
years* imprisonment at hani labor.
v "pfTIXGTOX. VT. Va.. Oct. 12.— AH the ear
Dullders at the American Car Foundry in this
city went en strike to-day, demanding $1 mor»
on a car.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
from State taxation, and all personal
property held and used by the university
fr pm county and municipal taxation.
«- i^..^* t! ?? . only university In the
world, he said, "which pays State taxes.
It is a unique but not altogether pleasant
position. *
JOSHUA TEVIS OF
OAKLAND IS DEAD
Old age was the cause of death. The
deceased retired from active life many
years ago.
OAKLAND. Oct. 12.— Joshua Tevis, a«ed
73 years, a brother of the late Lloyd
Tevis, died to-day at his residence, 1257
East Twelfth street.
No Damages for Deadhead.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— The Oakland Rail
road Company has demurred to the com
plaint of ex-Policeman Henry McCIoy,
who askb for 120.000 damages for injuries
alleged to have been sustained In a col
lision at Shattuck and Alcatraz avenues.
The company sets forth that Mccjoy fails
to state whether ho was a passenger
for hire or whether he was riding free
in his capacity as a policeman.
From now on the word among the
| "farmers" will be practice. There will
l>e committees appointed for each depart
ment of the menu, and these will hold
nightly medicine dances In the kitchens
of the various residences. Extra tons of
coal and extra supplies for the larders are
being ordered. As fast as these are used
up more will be ordered, as the idea is
to guard against interruption of any sort.
The head man of each group will be
known as the "chef." From a pedestal
he will shout passages out of the recipe
volumes, and his assistants, who will be
officially designated as "cooks," will carry
out his orders. For 4nstance, If a cake
needs shortening, eggs, butter, lard, flour
and other Ingredients, there will be a
"cook" stationed at each receptacle con
taining these articles, and it will be his
duty to throw them accurately into the
mixer. A little practice will make him a
good Judge of distance. It may be a lit
tle confusing at first, but constant prac
tice will bring: order and victual" out of
chaos.
This unique dinner Is being arranged
by an entertainment committee. It la the
desire of the committee to present a din
ner that will agree with all the "har
vesters." They do not want to hear any
regrets after it la all over. For that rea
son the committee has conducted a secret
inquiry to ascertain to what department
in the science of cookery each "farmer"
ALAMEDA. Oct. 12.— There has been a
grt-at run on cook books in Alameda since
it was announced that the male members
of the I'nitarian Church are expected to
conglomerate the victuals for the annual
harvest dinner which is scheduled to take
place fin October 27. Every year about
this time the men of the Unitarian church
have a "harvest" festival to commemor
p.to the e.nd of the season, when the hay
ami carrots are supposed to have been
Ftacke.1 up and sold. But never before
since this custom was given an Impetus
have these "farmers" been relied upon
to do their own cooking. They have been
accustomed to corral a tired feeling at
the end of the harvest and to take to the
hills to recuperate, generously allowing
the women fcik to pore over the cuisine.
This year it is to be different. That Is
why there is such a steady demand for
cook books.
is best adapted, and a partial list of the
sub-committees has b^en prepared. There
may be some changes in the suh-commlt
tees when the entertainment committee
meets next Saturday evening, but, hero
they are as they are arranged at present,
according to one of the members:
Salad committee— BraJnard C. BrOTt-n. R.
Frank Clark. 13. W. Maslln. W. n. Kollmyer
Roup committee— F. \V. Voogt. Dr W O
Smith. William D. Rogers, William Baurh'yte'
FI*h cnmmltte*— W. G. Tibbms. Frederick
Maurer. Frank D. Colburn. Georre C. Mur
drek.
Entree committee— George E. Plummer Ed
win Orrett. F. W. Van Slcklen, James W.
KarririRton.
Roast commlttee^ — Dr. Van Order). Harj>er
Smith. Charles C. Hwrhe*. George T. Wright
Dessert committee— w. O. Henn. Charles N, •
f-eck. Herman Krusl, Henrj' I^andsbergpr.
The waiters for this dinner" 1 will be
among the swellest things that have hap
pened to date. They will wear claw
hammer coats, trousers with pronounced
creases in them and white aprons. Among
those who will twirl the tr;»ys on the end
of their fingers are: C. H. McCormlck
A. W. Pattlani. W. M. Rank. E. D. Rue' :
, Henry Sevenlng. R. H. Swayne. P. S
Teller and \V. B. Wellman.
Will Prepare the Harvest Feast and There
Is Already a Big Run on Cuisine
Literature in Consequence.
UNITARIAN CHURCH
"FARMERS" TO COOK
The dogs and hogs alnnr the river bank
er«» living ofT human flesh, and alonj? the
, r ads and rivers horrible sights are wlt
' ::<rBs*d and the stench of putrid flesh is
fearful. None are buried and there are
no vultures, such as are found in most
Oriental countries, consequentlv the dogs
ar.d hogs are the only scavengers.
It is imposfihle to go far on the river
without floating bodif s parsing your boat.
Not the bodies of Boxers killed'in action,
but tho**> of coolies killed for no other
purpose than to satiate the blood thirsti
nfss and cruHry of some soldier.
At thfs place, which is the river port
for Peking, two ooojies who had been tow-
Injr a Russian boat. lay down to rest
at the completion of th*ir task and were
seized by four Russian soldlon« i thrown
into the water and while swimming were
us^d as targets and were shot to death.
The villages that wer* 1 only partially
burned are now utterly destroyed, as they
¦were found to h? hiding: places for snipers
who attacked sin^*- travelers and occa
sional small parties. The American ar:«l
English troops r.ro daily supplied w!th
chickens ann *>pg.« by the Chinese, win
eell the chickens, at a dollar a dozen and
tfrpp for a dollar a hundred. The Oil
*i»-f»#- avoid tlv- Russian camps, as the
Ilussian? are even now killing them in
the moft brutal and cold-blooded mannct.
irr<--f p'-ctive of age or f»x. This Is not
a whiepf-red secret, told bv one man to
enosher. but ther*- is hardly a man In the
Chinese Relief Expedition who has not a
story to tell of Russian barbarism of
which he has b^f-n an eyewitness. Some
of the etnrier are- so excruciatingly re
volting that it is difficult to believe them.
TU1CGCHOW. Aug. 30.— It Is eighty
miles by r:v«»r from Tientsin to this place
and novr. two weeks aftT the allied
force* marched through, the signs of war
and devastation aro more apparent than
they were at tirst. for posts have been
stationed at Intervals of a ft-w miles and
the troops have completed the work of
desolation and ruin.
HORRORS FOLLOW WARFARE.
The nenate will take action in the year
1W2 toward filling at that time the vacant
panels belonging to the present year.
rir.eT^en in number.
Wat.hir.|rton obtained the hr.nor of fir?t
place only by the fact that Chief Justice
NicholF of Ixraitfana Fcratched both Lin
coin and Webster.
According to this decision the following
famous mtn were accorded a place on the
tablets of th* Hall of Fame: George
Washington. 97 (full vote»; Abraham Lin
coln. 95: Daniel Webster. K; Beniamin
Franklin. 9i; V. S. Grant'. 92; John Mar
shall. 91: Thomas Jefferson. 90: Ralph
Waldo Emerson. *$; Henry W. I»ngf»l
low. M: Robert Fulton. M; Washington
Irving. K2: Jonathan Edwards. *2: DavM
G. Farraput. 78; Samuel F. I?. UotM; 73;
Henry Clay. 74: Gforpe P*-ahody. 72: Na
thaniel Hawthorne. 72: Robert E. L*><*.
C?: Peter Cooper. <S: Horace Mann. $7;
Henry Ward Bcechcr. fX; Ell Whltn.y.
€6; James Kent. C>; Joseph Storey. 64;
John Adams. 61; William EUery Cnan
r'.ng. 5S; John James AuduV.n. I>7: Ellas
Howe. 53; William Morris Hunt. 52; Gil
bert Stuart. 52; Asa Gray. 51.
itself tf> simple confirmation of the com
mittee's findings.
OX Monday evening next the Tlvo'i
Opera-house will have a srand
"Vrrdi birthday celebration" in
honor of the eighty-eighth anni
versary o* the birth of the
famous Italian composer. In reply to a
letter r,f felicitation addreFsed to him by
Editor PatricI of L'Itr\l!a announcing the
San Francisco celel>ration. the old maes
tro has these quaint. nic» thires to say
to his far-away cauntryrren an-! admirers:
BUSSETO. Its!y. S«pt. 14. 1910.
Gentlemen: I am eo oid. so fatlpued and
foxevhit ill, ttat I cannot or do not kniw
*5o"w to ftRsw^r j.Toy***rly vour most T n^<5
letter. I am nevertheless most grateful to you
for the demonstration by which you purpose
The programme chosen for the celebra
tion is a representative and most Interest-
Ing one, ar.d almost every one of the fine
artists now sinpinp at the Tlvoli will be
heard. Acts from "Aida." "Trovatore"
and •¦Rigolett.V wtll be criv«»n: also a
scene from "Attila." the "Macbeth" over
ture and a from "Xabucco."
Th» latest; and by some held 'to b? »h<?
greatest, cpera of the master. "Falstaff."
produced in i£:i3. will be put on next week
with Salassa in his favorite role of the fat
and jovial knight.
honoring me a? a son of art. which is a link
hlndlne the motherland to her sons far away.
to whom I »I*h all prosperity, thus mckln-;
th*» nam» of Italy res;v v <'tf-<1 and beloved. With
prati'u'le for jrour pood wisbe.*, I hav» the
honor to be. devotedly yours.
'';¦--¦: G. VERDI.
George Washington's Name at the '
Head cf the List ct
Elipribles.
NEW YORK. Oct. !2— The election in ';
th* Hall of Fame rcntoft was concluded j
to-day when thr- senate of the New York
University assembled and passed upon the f
list cf ellirlb!< i f= f=ui»miM»'<I to that body by :
the body «rhicJl for the last throe days '
hr.5 been cmimirg th>> v?tfs. The total j
number of names submitted to the one ¦
hundred 1r«*c»-s was 2T.2. Thouph the '
standard of eligibility ha<1 h<tn placed as •'
''"¦«¦ as f.fty-cr.e vote* only thirty-one oil
he nominees had reached that !=ian<!ar<l. I
it was th*> r.amrs of .«u-.-h nominees thai !
wore- BBbmltted to tb« senate and that
body. In which Is vested the ripht of ab- j
solute veto, on this occasion confined
ELECTION I** THE HALL
OF FAME CONTEST
GUISEPPE VERDI. THE GRAND OLD MAX OF ITALIAN OPERA,
AS HE APPEARED SIX WEEKS AGO AT HIS PALACE IN BUSSETO *
ITALY.
(From Photo Reproduced by Bushnell.)
Tragic Death of Charles
Gensler, an Aged
Barber.
OAKLAND. Oct. 12.-Charles Gensler.
an agred harber. was burned to death to
r.lght in a fire which destroyed the resi
dence he occupied with O«ca*r Ftasmussen
at 707 East Twelfth street. Two young
children of Ra«muF«en. who were Vleep
.r.g in the house, were rescued from the
fijLmee only by th» hardest efforts of
::eiphborf. The residence was destroyed
The f: re broke out in the rear of 'the
r.ouse. which is a two-story double frame
' wned by Rasmussfn. Ha'.f of the place
he occurred with his family, where he
conducted a private laundry. The a<l
;oir.ir.^ section was rented" to Oensler
who had a small barber shop on the
ground floor and occupied the upper por
tion a? his home. The flames were e**n
at 10:3? "'clock by passrrs-by. who turned
in an a'.arm from box 42. Rasmupsen was
efieep in The front part and the old brir-
J>f-r was in bed in his rooms Hardly h:v]
the crackline blaz? and the smoke
'=i""u«»d the occupants before they »cr«
hemmed in by the swiftly spfeadlng
..ames. Rasmufsen got to the front wfn
flcmn and opened them. Thf-n he dragged
r.Ss family to a small hallway ar.d forced
h!s way through the smoke and fire until
h« maraped to reach the stairs. Assist
ance reached him from without and he
rr.ar.aged to {ret to th* street by fighting
his way down a narrow passage. The
DOUSC was all on fire before the oH man
in the rcxim on the other sir!** was thought
of. When an attempt was ma<!*» to reach
him It was too late. (lensler had been
rvercome by smoke, arrl wmm beyond ns
sistanre. His charred l»o<Jy was found by
the firemen when they fnucht their way
into th»» burning d»>!!ii)r. The remains
wer*» tpk<?n out of the house and doctors
were called, but It was immediately seen
that the oM man had perished before his
rescue- could hav*> bo*»n <-fTpcted.
Th« Samfs pnrea.1 pr> rnpi.'.Iy that th*» ;
rvh^le place was ablaze before the firo- ,
m<»n could g>»t to work. Th«» cause <">f the
fire tu not <3i«coverrd.
Oe-irW wm et yoars old «n<i a native
of Gormary. He liv#»d fnr rasnv years in
Ea«t Oakland, where bo wn>= familiarly
known n«= "Charley the Burbw."
BURNED IN HIS
BED WHILE ASLEEP
CHARLES DANA GIBSON
FINDS A NEW "GIRL"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 12.
All of the members of the Oakland City
Council have b o en summoned as witnesses
in the water rate suit, and all were pres
ent In court to-day apparently awaiting
with trepidation the time when they will
be called upon to tell what they know of
the passing o£ the now famous water rate
ordinance. No doubt much of their con
cern Is occaslor.ed by the fact that they
may have to explain certain signed state
ments alleged to have been made by them
shortly after the present suit was com
menced.
That the water company's attorney*
have determined to bring out the fact
that these statements were made was
shown by the .method with which the ex
amination of Councilman Anson Barstow
was commenced this afternoon. After a
preliminary question or two the Council
man was asked if he had made a personal
Investigation of the Contra Costa Water
Company's plant before voting in favor
of the present water ordinance.
Before the witness could reply Robert
Y. Uayne objected, on the ground that
the Question involved the secret thoughts
of the witness. He quoted authorities to
prove his contention. He held that no or
dinance ever prepared would be worth a
cent if a Councilman could be compelled
to state his secret mental processes.
Mr. MeCutcheon claimed that secret
thoughts were not involved, but that the
City Council disregarded the testimony of
the plaintiff's employes regarding the
value of the water company's plant.
"We will show." he said, "that the
, Council was controlled by information re
ceived without the presence of the plain
tiff's representatives, and that but little
Jieed or tUne was given by the city's leg
islators to the subject of the valuation of
the company's plant or the proper return
to allow on Its investment."
Judge Hart -»aid he considered the point
raised a grave cne and wanted time In
which to consult authorities. He accord
ingly reserved his decision until the case
is again called, on Tuesday morning at 10
o'clock.
If the corporation gains its point each
one of the city's eleven Councilmen will
probably have a chance to explain
just what he meant when he signed
a statement that he had not given
the question of the plant valuation the
proper consideration before voting for the
ordinance. Thfs and one or two other
points In pome of the statements will
probably he raked over to an embarrass
ing extent by Attorneys Moore and Me-
Cutcheon.
The first qu?5tlon asked of Councilman
Barstow by Mr. MeCutcheon was:
"Did you not vote for the water rate
Water Company's Attorneys Try to
Show City's Legislators Did Not~*
Properly Investigate
Value of Plant.
COUNCILMEN WILL
BE PUT ON RACK
Certain Signed Statements
to Be the Subject of
Inquiry.
"Will Address Young Men.
The service for young men at the Young
Men's Christian Association. Mason and
Ellis streets, to-morrow afternoon will be
addressed by Rev. John A. B. "Wilson.
D.D. The hour of the service Is 3 o'clock.
OAKLAND. Oct. 12.— Marriage licenses
were issued to-day to John Henry Still,
27 years of age. and Nellie Eleanor Foiey,
23, both of San Francisco: John August
Hendrlcks, 36. Alameda. and Matilda Pe
tersen. 3S, Oakland; Frank Thomas Bar
low, over 21, Oakland, and Mary Clair
Ruppert, over IS. Alameda.
Licensed to Marry.
Figccn Fanciers Organize.
OAKLAND. Oct. 12.— The American
Runt Club, an organization of runt pigeon
fanciers, has been formed with the fol
lowing officers:
President. Dr. C. M. EelfridKe; vice presi
dent. J. A. Maedonald: secretary and treas
urer. George If. Perry. Charter member*: W.
S. Qilld*, S. E. Wood. W. B. Fawcett, Juds*
Mortimer Smith. Mrs. A. H. Blow. F. H.
Thompson. H. K. . Whitman. J. Silver, Dr. C.
M. Selfridee. George H. Perry. J- A. Macdon
ald.
Married a Clergyman.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— Mrs. Louise Sophie
Xordhausen and Rev. T. J. Jatho, former
ly of Oakland, were married yesterday
afternoon at the Hotel Metropole. . Rev.
Hermann Gehrcke officiating. After the
ceremony there was a reception and a
dinner. ' Rev. and Mrs. Jatho , will resido
In San Francisco. \
About 11 o'clock this mornlr.g young
Evers borrowed a cart from a friend at
Eleventh and Broadway and started for
his home at 424 San Pablo avenue. The
horse soon became unmanageable and
dashed out the avenue, finally running
into the sidewalk at nineteenth street.
Young Evers was hurled from the cart.
striking the bale of hay and then fall
ing to the sidewalk.
The injured lad was attended at the Re
ceiving Hospital by Drs. Stratton and
Ewer and later removed to his home.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— Carl Ever*, the 14
year-old son of ex-Coroner Henry Evers.
was* the victim of a runaway accident
this morning which nearly cost him his
life. But for a bale of hay which broke
his fall as he was hurled through the
air by the sudden stopping of his fright
ened horse, the boy's skull would have
been crushed on a cement sidewalk. As it
was the lad sustained a severe concussion
of the brain, a cut over tho right eye
and other lacerations about the face.
SERIOUSLY INJURED IN
A RUNAWAY ACCIDENT
- "The car backed down on me," said Al
bert to Mrs. A. Burroughs," who cares for
There is a depressed fracture of the
skull, with high fever and delirium to
day from the ehock. .. The arm that saved
this heroic youngster's life Is torn and
cut from wrist to elbow by the glass that
he ; smashed. The Dhvsician sees somo
danger. in his condition. 1 .
The child saw the car and waited for
It to pass. Then he started to cross the
track behind the car. Just then a flre en
gine out for exercise came out of Mead
avenue.
The engine and car were almost
in collision, when the motorraan.
to prevent the impending crash,
reversed the current and sent the car
backward as fast It had been | running
ahead. The boy was caught unawarss
and struck on the head by a projecting
iron rod. As he fell the automatic fender
catch was sprung and* the wheel guard
caught the boy's- body. He was con
scious of his peril, and in his struggle to
save himself from being ground to death.
Rhoved one arm through the glass front
of the headlight lantern, grabbing, th«
iron brake ratchet Inside. The child
clung there until the motorman. who had
been signaled, brought the car to a stand
still.
A score of pedestrians and shopkeep
ers In the vicinity witnessed the , occur
rence, expecting to see the child crushed
into a shapeless mass. But as soon as
the. car stopped he released his hold and
staggered to his. feet. " The child was
quickly removed to his home, ' where Dr.
Bodle attended him..
The accident, which nearly resulted In
the bo'y's frightful death, was surrounded
bj- unusually peculiar circumstances.
The child had been sent from his home at
705. Twenty-seventh street on a household
errand. As he was crossing San Pablo
avenue, above Mead, car 5, south
bound and loaded with passengers cams
booming down the avenue.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.-Q.ulck action with
a street-car fender and the display of
rare presence of mind on the part of
eight-year-old Albert J. Rasch saved the
child from being mangled to death last
night by the wheels of a swiftly moving
San Pablo-avenue electric car.
him. "and I smashed the glass to get a
hold, for my hand. It was so quick thaf
I didn't know what to do, but I Just tried
as hard as I could to save myself."
The boy's parents are separated, the
mother . residing in Germany and the
father lives In Mendocino County.
Rare Presence of Mind of Eight-Year-old
Albert J. Rasch Him Being
Crushed bg Electric Gar..
SAVES HIS WIFE
BY QUICK ACTION
ordinance that is being attacked in this
present case?"
After Judge Hart had overruled Mr.
Hayne's objection the witness replied that
he did.
"What property did the Contra Costa
Water Company have at the time the or
dinance was passed?"
After an argument lasting over a half
hour Judge Hart ruled that the question
was not a proper one. During his argu
ment Mr. MeCutcheon took occasion to
lecture Mr. Barstow on the duties of a
Councilman. He concluded by faying
that the witness was about as competent
a Councilman as a schoolboy when he
voted to pass the water ordinance.
It was hero that the plaintiff's attor
neys wanted to know about the Council
man's Investigation of the company's
plant, and the examination was post
poned.
President Watklnson occupied the stand
this morning again. His examination
was along practically the samo lines as
the two previous days. Watklnson testi
fied that he owned five shares of stock In
the Contra Costa Water Company. H<s
wife's brother had five shares, his wife's
cousin five sharps and his wife's uncle,
Henry Pierce. 100 shares. Ho also tes
tified that he had always attended to the
dealings with thd City Council for the
water company.
Watklnson was called upon to give a
technical description of certain portions
of the company's plant, but his testimony
was frequently interrupted by objections.
Th" old sore spot of the company was
rubbed hard when Attorney Hayne agt>ln
brought up the subject of the twelve
wells at Alvarado, which were drilled, it
is claimed, to tap the former Oakland
Water Company's source of supply.
Watkinson testified that- he was present
at certain meetings of the Council when
the fixing of the water rates was dis
cussed last spring, hut could not remem
ber whether he stated at any of these
meetings that the twelve wells could pro
duce 3.500,000 gallons of water a day. How
ever, he would not deny that he made
such a statement. Mr. Watklnson testi
fied yesterday that the flow was at the
most but 1.500.000 gallons a. day.
THE CALL CARICATURIST'S IDEA AS TO THE FIGURES CERTAIN WELL-KNOWN MEN OF ALAMEDA WILL CUT AT THE FORTHCOMING ANNUAL HARVEST DINNER
fv^RMEKS WRK5HT AND MAURGR. *
TIVOLI WILL CELEBRATE
THE BIRTHDAY OF VERDI
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1900.
MISS GKORGIE HOWARD OF PHILADELPHIA. "WHOSE STRIKING
BEAUTY HAS TAKEN* THE FANCY OF THE CREATOR OF THE
ULTRA TYPICAL GIBSON GIRL.
officers: President, J. L. Barker; vice
president, W. H| Marston; secretary. J.
J, Mason; treasurer, First National Bank.
with "the Gibson face." but with differ
ent figure, will be required for the new
series, and Mr. Gibson has decided that
Miss Georgie Howard of Philadelphia Is
best suited for the work before him.
Miss Howard is a well-known model
whose services are highly valued In the
studios of the Quaker city.
Board of Trade Officers.
11
Look out for the story of
San Rafael's "House of Mys-
tery" that will be printed In
the Sunday Call of October 14.
If you have not seen the
house already you will wish
to pay it a visit aftar you
have read this article.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1900.
12
SA>" KUANCISCO CALL.
nUBlNEES OFFICE of The Ban Fr&uclsco
Call, corner of Market ar.d Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock e\-ery slrht in the ye-ar.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: or«n until 9:30 p. m.
C00 Kayes street: open until S:3D n. m.
<:• McAlMster street: open until 9:30 p. m.
«.'. Larkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
1-4J Mission street; open until 10 p. rn.
CS31 Market 6tre*t. corner Sixteenth; open
until i fi. ro.
IOC Eleventh ptroet; open untl! 8 p. ijtl.
JO*6 Valencia »tre«t: open until 9 p. in.
Nor»h*-est corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky Ftr*ets: c.pen until » p. m.
MBGTISG NOTICES.
A SPECIAL meeting of Terba Buena .....
Buena I»l£e of Perfection No. 1. A. jT
ar.d A.. Boottish l\l:« of Freemasonry, A
wtU ba !.?!<J in Chapter Hail. Masonic JWL
TV-:r.p!e. f-a SATfRDAT AFTER- «£CS«
N< OX October IS. 1S>00 at E and 7 p. m. De-
grees * and 24. HENRY ni'RNER. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. !.
, O O. F — K'jrular mi>«»;lr.|t -*5}*lSl&
THIS «SATt:irDAY> EVEXISO. =f^jj5S^e^'
'.Third degree. '^*
A. K. KING5FQRD. D. M.
MASTER MARINERS' Benevo>nt A»- -^«J__
filiation— ?periaj meeting will b« p* ',
h«l« at ha:i, 2T> Port rt.. SITNDAY. **lite j
October 14, «t 1:39 o'clock. All mem- I
l»en> ere requested to be present for the pur- j
r~ se rf attending the funeral of our decsajed I
brother or.O. Past President <V W. IVERf EN. i
L. TRAUNO, Roc. -Sec. j
nnPUBLICANB. ATTENTION! i
Tr.e Tfclrty-slxth District Republican Club
holds the f.rst rneetltr of the carcpairn en '
£ATTTRr>AT. October U. t p. in.. Rolando* ¦
H*:i. Twenty-eighth en4 Church sts. All Jl»-
publican r&ndld&tee ara ln\*ited. Prominent I
speakers on national issues. j
FRANK FRENCH, President |
W. D. COPELAND, Pecretarj'. I
By crder of Executive Committee..
W. C. JOHNSON, Chairman.
M. W. LTTTLKFIELD. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Regular annual meet-
ing cf stockholders cf the KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION CO. trill b« held st the of-
fce of ihe company. No. 227 Market st.. San
Fra.r.ci»co. California. en WEDNESDAY.
tr^ Mtb day of October. l??0. at 11 o'clock
a. rr.., fcr the purpose of electing a board
cT directors to serve fcr the ensuing year.
srd the transaction of euch ether business as
may cra« before the meeting. Transfer book.«
close oi! Saturdav. October IS. at U o'clock m.
E. H. PHELDON. Secretary.
¦ =j
AGKXTS WAXTED.
AGENTS f> handle campaign n«ve!lie«i. New I
Tngland Novelty ar.d Metal Works, 116 M st.
TO handle Robirsnn's Thermal Bath Cabinet.
Pacific Ap^ntx Supply Co.. 34C1 Eighteenth St.
AGENTS of ability »nd experience In life Insur-
pnre. Onil at room lfl. ?97 Market, cor Sixth.
ASI'HALTIM HOOFIXG.
J. PFLTlKIi. n5pr:att rooflr.g. sidewalks: cellar j
r™rs lnM. repaired: p"gt«l. 11SC Mission St.
ASTROLOGY.
MME:. HICKET— Astrologlst; horoscopes. 50c;
card reading and palmistry. 2bc. 1J33 Mission, j
DR. C. T. TAYLOR, scientific astrologer, com- j
puu-p horr-ypopes t<y Ptr.lemy method. 765 Mkt. i
ATTOR.VEVS AT LAW.
R. IT. KIXG, ettornej- at law, 927 Market et.
room £CT— Estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; ail cases; fair fees; !
no advance chargcg; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce Jaw a specialty; private;
ro fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, any ct law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates.
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
/.I; VICE free: no cfcarpe unless successful. W. I
\V. Pavidson. 827 Market St.. cpp. Mason.
L S. CLA UK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
k<-t Ft.: o, r«u"tation free: no fees In advance.
llVi'll CADIXETS.
ROBINSON ts, 4-paneI folding: door opens: firm I
«r,i safe. A\ . p. |i]'.nffX. gen, agt.. 4?6 Ellis, j
BOARDIXG KOIl CHILDKEX. f
• IKKMAN lady wishes infant" bablee' to board;
p,,p.J references. 43S Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to board
ini.int*. C3S. Jessie 6t.. In rear.
IlLSIIVESS CIIAXCES.
A— t:v<, SALOON; rent US: \\i blocks fronTcall
tddg. : muft l>e sold to-day. R. G. WILKE
lf> 1 -, Kearny st- j
LADY or gentleman with business ability to I
buy interest in medicine business; experience
nut necessary. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'j I
Keunr ft. ' i
ATTENTION. Ri:STAi:R.»NT MEN! •
A— (7009; cafe with long lease, close to Mar- !
ket utid I'owell Fts.; surrounded by theaters i
ar.d doing a rushing business: customers and
prices firrt olas*; private dining rooms, with '
Ladies' «»ntranceb; Flckners compels owner to ¦
l.-ave the city. Part.culars K. G. WILKE I
16U K^arr.y ut.
A— PAHTT wanted in manuiacturing business- j
raifMea article; to be used in every house- I
held; large profits and Jmmenfcu Fales in fright; i
a rare business proposition. Particulars K. ¦
O. ffUKE. ;c« Kearny t=t.
AHPO0; BCTCHE8 shop, with horse and cart
In best location of Western Addition; place
r*tab]2£hed for years and doing a first-class <
business; a rplendid chance for any man.
Call K. G. WILKE. _'6'i Kearny et. j
/¦ -$4C0: JlfTCIlER fhep on Valencia st • I
monthly receipts about $1200; yelling 4 cattie :
per week; low rent: good business. Call II .
U. WILJCE, 2«> 4 Kearny Ft.
A-$»r*; SAIXKJN established many years;
half a block north ot Mason and Market' :
r- rt $7J: a f.ryt-class. paying place; partners '
cant agree cause of sale. s*e it. G. WILKE ,
2fc'.4 Kearny gt. j
A-4UM; COItNEIt grocery and bar: choicest '
location in the Idasioa: rent $35; 4 living :
room; p!s-e established years; owner a '
%¦'.?;• TVOTn * to retire. Call It. G. WILKE I
tC^ Kearny rt. |
A-^JJLTLICACinS. lunch; receipts J25: trial, i
lrJT^ r - c '* ar ¦*«•: downtown; bargain
OOOa—CWmtiT saloon: Al o>r nstun.
??^»S»fL| f « r - ««.: reoeipti. *20i trial.
Apply KhtM^jsi Montgomery gt.. room 1.
A GENKKAL merchandise Ftore In prosperous '¦
town across the bay; leading concern there;
must se.lju sacrifice. KELLY. 131 Montg-y.
A-SAY. FIFHER & CO.. haTe~i : o"u~lodi7n7. i
house*? Ye, What price? tm J p . anvTocS- !
Uoa des-r-d; B rooms. $30r. : ](, rooms. $00- 10 '
ro^ms. nevr. $909. fine; 2u room? bargain rsj. i
:>.-. ro,rr.s. DODO, snap; all * iz ,s/ alT^i^eV 'tv. ¦
new bargains^ ca» and seejis. iocs Market et! :
$:/A-ICKSTAl ; RA.Vr. delicacy" and" bakery^rT- I
tral: doing fine buslnegF. BASILE. 3 Eddy. '.
LARGE manufacturing busing m California i
artsbea to .orrespond with a fim clacs man :
Jrtw can Invest IM.CM. to take change 1
:;r.ancial affairs and o'flce routine- out t'vi * ;
P cJa"£oie Or fUjl r^™ 1 *™ address box !
I
JL'OO fcr a well pnying p-orery and salmon- -n I
f8Fh tr*de; r.o twk burlnem; doing butlne^
:Wut fiWj a month; rhen,, and »ZSS >
lease. Inquire Call clflce. J S ]
JN Oakland --cipr. notion and periodical stand" i
well established; best location; suitable for
man and wife. Address box WB. Can offl4 I
' ': V' ;H1 ¦! . • ~ * j
" VV M N T E L > ~ To / ra<3e Ict ln Portland. Oregon" !
Mr Taber Addition, for fruII saloon In city'
ACdrefs or rail. 240A Suiter Bt.. room i
A NO. 1 transfer corner saloon for nale "on aci
<-ount of immediate departure Tor Boron*- es '
JL2 ytars. Isox 2703. Call office.
A FINK larce store to let on O^^rreFst ~rTe"aT !
A°r~£ 'k'^Qr.rft 0 ave y ""^^ g£~ j
roi< SALE-Miik route. $;»; a bargain — uT
_qulre ia Fifth tt Bargain. In-
GOOD bus-ness chance; day saloon; renfcreaD
L g_^'- GRAMS. 200 Ciay; wholesa^lstric?:
MfPT be. sold; grocery, notion and branch !
l.akery store; owner M-riourly cic k and com j
¦-tWled to lw dty.tBox U.VX EteyentS 6 t.
V." ANTED— Buy. rent or will open <^untry~ba7~
'£k"ar?£' M ' J ' SILVEIRA - 3W » Seventh tl~ I
WANTED -Small"**?"* routeTcaTTor ChroT^
olc. Address, stating price, box 4782. Call. '
V OL"Lr> like to purchase saloon in small town- I
tr.'.nir.c camp preferred. Box 47^, Call office!
C3OC2CTBT barber i=hop for sale or rent- only '
one In town. Apply l^C3 Fifth tt .. Oakland I
I'.KAICCH hakery for s.-j^; cajjdy. notions etc
WW.MUtoo St.. near Thirtieth. ' ' •
HAlRDBESSprai pa7ror»rre7srand"flxTure77or
tsle; great b3rcain. Box 47C1. Call office.
JiAJIBnrRS— ;-chair shou for sale cheap. Ad-
¦ irets D. F. CHKISTIAX. Mortlner. Cal.
tiOOO buMnpps .hance; day saloon; rent cheap"
<). W. GnAMS. ;0Q Clay st P ' J
JV>n. RCNT— Fine ooal yard cheap: rentraiTJI '
'¦¦atlun. Apply noi Central ave.. AUmedk.
:C<tt~ni';STArKANT doing" good paying bucl-
r.csf : t-t tab. 14 yrs. Apply 430 Montgomery ave. !
A SNAP — Coffee nnd chop houoe; rheumatism
c« tujiclr f,aie mi once. S29- Eighth «t. j
FOR SALn-K.'ondike Oyster" House; money-
r;alcer: crnan sickness. 126 Third «t .
1 AKTXEK with $4000 Jn fine mere-hunt tailoring ]
Uirinesa; no cvuer seeded. Box 2221, Cal:.
Hl'MXKSS CHAJVCE2S CONTINUED.
, A SHOE store; business location; ffood chance;
sr.ap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Bt
A HOME kitchen delicacy and restaurant: re-
I celpts T20 day. Cowing & Co.. 719 Market st.
A CORNER grocery and bar; big etock; all
fresh goods; sickness. Cowing & Co.. 719 Mrkt
A— PLUMBINO business; receipts $350 per mo.;
b)g bargain: sickness. Cowlr.gr & Co.. 719 Mkt.
A-RESTAURANT In best part of city; rnuit
be sold this day. COWING. 719 Market st.
A— HOTEL; be*t location: money maker; call
at once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A-CORNER taloon; good location; this is a
bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Bt.
A— ROOMING house; north Market; fine loca-
tion; clears $75 month. COWING. 719 Market.
$4000— FOR «-ale; wholesale coffee, tea and spice
business: large established trade; full inves-
_tipatlon; principals only. Box 4755. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
S ROOMS; very eonve'rt: must sell to-day. .$250
» rooms; Taylor et.: a bargain 230
12 rooms; Turk st. ; good furniture 600
10 rooms; Third st ; really only C50
J4 rooms; Geary st: fine income...-. 1650
£0 rooms. €.) rooms and 125 rooms; all central,
some more bargains for sale to-day. First
buyers get them. IIAYEti & WILSON. £38
Market st. CThe Elite). ,
! IS ROOMS; look at the prlc«; only $350
17 rooms; worth $500; will sell for M0
j 69 rooms, 60 rooms rented steady: the great -
j est money maker ln the city: for bargains
• don't forget the place. EMERY, S Eddy St.,
rooms 1 and 2. Phone Mint 1016.
¦ LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses
! at reduced prices; genuine baipaiis; sizes and
I location to suit; money loaned. • SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO.. 917 Market St.. bet. Fifth and
I Sixth, phene 1911.
A— 22-ROOM rooming house; /entral $1000
20-room house; first-class 1050
11-room house J473- 6-room flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
MARION GRIFFIN
719 Market st, room 1; tel. Black 1S03; see my
list of 21$ lcdglng-houses at ray office.
NICELY furnished 15- room house; cheap rent;
easy termh or cheap for cash. 742 O'Farrell.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of tawns, bungles, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. BQAJK & SON, £117 Mission Bt.
j SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO.. 150 New Montgomery st.
dress E. P. ERU'KHO.N, 1002 32d st., E. OaKM,
AN A No. 1 express waRon, single, also llRht
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission, j
NEW A: iii-har.d wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nw». work & driving hoi-yes. 15th & Valencia, j
SPIRITUALISM.
j ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
! spiritual medium; advice ln all affairs of life, '
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa- *
rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun.,Wed..Frl. .
ev'»: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
B!S Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. LESTKR— Circles Sun., Tues., Fri. eve., i
I 10c; readings daily. 200 Turk st, room 4.
1 "SANTA TERESA, the Mexican healer, et 1610 .
: California st.
PROF. GEE. medium— Startling tests; circles <
every night 10c; readings, 50c, $1. 148 6th.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium. '
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. room 1.
MISS SOPHIA SEIP— Sun. at S and dally read- \
Ings. €th & Mkt. sts.. Oakland. People's Hall.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3S5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Mey»r. sit.dally; convlnc'g tests to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant test, busl-
riesi* medium, life reader: sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight
•liacnoses disease with life reading; ladles
! f.0c. prent $1: palm & clair. sit. tl 50. 128 Turk.
j ISJIAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
! palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
j €th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently: advice
dven in all affairs ln life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
MRS E. SANDERS. 314 Taylor St.. near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladies' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m. : Fri. 8; dr. ISc.
JUST returned. MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clalrvoy-
p.nt. card reader: mental questions answered;
ladles, 2r.c; Kents. CCc. 34 Sixth Bt.. room 6.
i MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
: fortune teller, gives best advice In difficult
i matters. 19 Fulton St.. near Larkln.
! ZEMDAR. younir. gifted clair.. card reader;
names given; 10 to 9. 1C54 Market, nr. Polk.
' MRS. CAMERON, card read'r. medium; 25c up.
! £23 Mission Bt. ; don't forget number; ring bell.
MRS. E. M. DT'VAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 425 Golden Gate ave.
I MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
j present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth st. room 14.
I MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
; CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst, palm-
¦ 1st and card reading. 23c. 1241H Market st.
! MME. WORELL. late from Washington; trance
medium; private sittings, $1. 821 Mission st.
MME. ZEnEDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm. |
1st and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign, i
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 23c. 1143 Mission.
MME. KCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212ii Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA read* life fluently; business
advlre: cam's giver: 25<-. up. 6 Fourth Bt.
CARPET BEATIXG AND CLEAXI.VC.
STANDARD, 113 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 2.'c per pair: carpe'.s cleaned,
Sc yd. ; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 104.
WHEN you become disirusted with poor work
eend to BPAULDtNO'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. C3-35S Tehama st: tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c.
HTRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth st.: teL Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and I<J0^-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Fteam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H. |
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 ?th st.-. tel. South 230.
ADVANCE Carpet denning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate avenue: telephone East 12S.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
P-T!;iless;<-ormult-n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S A gency— No cnaTgT uru
less fucressful. Room 210. 927 Market «t.
COTTAUI2S TO LET,
A— COTTAGE. 4 sunny rooms: yard. Key~53
Second st.. near Mall Dock.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTALCMNIcTsoTMar^
ket fct.. cor 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have j-our extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$2 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, S a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D. v Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful tecret. painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheajiert and guaranteed; lady attendants.
I'R. GEORGE W. LKEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work: teeth without a plate; fillings, 60c;
crown*. $3 10; Plates, full set. $5 00; all work
painless nnd warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lorE. 24 Sixth st.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors. 1013
Market yt. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth' extracted
positively and abwolutely without pain.
T EETH extracted free; plates, $5; crowns. $3 CO-
trUise work, $:,; all the latest methods for
rainiess dentistry; hours, 9 a. m-. to 9 p m
Modern Dental Parlors. 12C6 Market, cor. G. Q.
DK.Lur»U; M HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—^o cr.arce for extracting when plates are
ma<>: old plates made over like new; teeth
lrom $S per set; extracting, Sflc; gas given.
DR WALSH. Sl5%i Geary, nr. Larkln— Painless
extraction SOc; plates $5 up; tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction^
. ** c -. _Ne!!L^ orIt I>*nt»gt». %« Mission, cor. 6th.
pA . R , IS rental Parlor. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. U: crowns. t3; HUlngs. 25c ;
V d. N v. Vl^? M i7"f* lnlM "" : eVenI "C« «n<J Sun-
days, mi Market at. corner Sixth. ;
B ?i T , O V. l^ th w »thout plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG
Ic4 1 1 OIL; st. •
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Call
16 pagon. | n wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
_5^? G »OS»'ITAL,S. — —
D^ ? lTZA !} D ' 8 d «* ho«.pitaT~Post. Flllrnore^ '
Aouce and medicine. 7Kc; city visits, $1 00; all
enima.s treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636. •
im. Cre-ly's C. P. mange cure and worm pills,
by druggists or at hospital.SlO Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSE!
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat
ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil
llnery School: French system. 411 Van Ness
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st; daj
and evening; Individual 'instruction, $S pe;
month; life scholar-snip, $50; bookkeeping
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. : just added 25 nev
typewriters; commercial department enlarge<
and is the best ln S, F. ; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.-
1 Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F
Oallather. expert court reporter, teacher oi
shorthand ; reportorial phrasing taught; prao-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course $50; catalogue,
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Poet St.,
B. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; da>
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
Ar-THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; referents. President Jordan or an>
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
SPANISH classes day and evening. 305 Larkln
st. cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week. $3 a
month; also private. PROF. F. M.VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me,
$25. TARR. expert accnt. 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Bhortliand Academy"!
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st
ENGINEERING.dvll, elec, mining, tnech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; estlS84
VAN PAR NAILI.EN SCHOOL. 933 Market
SPANISH, French, German, singing piano, $2
mo.; hours. 2-4. 6-8. 1236 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio:
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st
FRENCH. Spanlsh.etc.Prof.DeFilippc'nAcademy
of Languages.320Post: establd 1871;ablest profs
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larglng quarters. Come see us. 205 Larkln st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.wrltlng.
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
' EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Pow-11 ; Telephone Bush 135.
FRED WAMATS, Japanese. Chinese contractor;
emp. office. f>44 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks
dishwashers; est. 1S90. 1C2S Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nete help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Bret help. 411'-4 O'FarrHI st.: tel. Kant 428.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE.
A FRENCH lady speaking English wishes to
give lessons of reading and conversation ln
French. Call or address Teacher, Gailhard
Hotel. E03 Pine Et.
LADY wishes position to assist with light
housework; must be treated as one of fam-
lly. $2 25 a week. Box 4793. Call office.
COMPETENT dressmaker, good fitter and cut-
ter, $1 50: suits remodeled; quick worker. 4441
Twentieth St.. near Eureka.
COOK— Plae« by an experienced colored cook
from the East: city preferred. Address box
4731. Call office.
LADY, German teacher. Just from Europe, 6
years' experience in high private school,
wants to Instruct pupils at home or to give
private lessons ln all German branches,
French. Enplish, needlework and gymnastics.
Box 4772, Call office.
HEALTHY woman would like a situation as
wetnurse; baby 2 months old. Call between
9 and 32 a. m. at S Tremont ave., between
Ashbury and Clayton ets.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. $1 50 to $«
Treek: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
I2MPI.OY.MEXT WAXTED — MALE.
BY a man of business experience, 37 years of
age. a position as bookkeeper, collector or
business manager; good references and bond
If required. Call or addrees 1225 Webster st
Oakland. Cal. '
MAN and wife want positions ln lumber or
mining camp: both experienced; wife good
cook, man mill hand ar.d miner. 615 Thirty-
ninth st., Oakland.
ENGLIPH coachman and gardener: flrst-clacs
driver: competent in every respect; sober and
reliable mar.; best city ref. G. M., 714 How-
ard Rt.
MIDDLE-AGED Scotchman of temperate hab-
its. devi r e s employment; can care for horses
and cows: moderate wages would satisfy
Box 479}!. Call office.
COACHMAN with many years' experience
with irood horses, rober, careful driver, can
milk or make himself generally useful, wants
Fltuation: sood references. Box 4300, Call.
WANTED— Situation as ranch foreman, fruit,
grain or Ptock. by competent man. Address
box WatfonvlUe. Cal.
BAKER— Experienced on cakes, or on bread
and cakes, wants position. Apply box 4790
Call office.
MAN and wife, both cooks, want work ln camp]
boarding house or country hotel; references.'
Address with particulars. G. C, 25 San Fer-
nando Et., Pan Jose. Cal.
GEORGK OWEN— Sober. Industrious man. con-
elderable experience ln the grocery business;
no liquor handled; city preferred. 1139 Mar-
ket st.
BUTCHER, young, experienced German, desires
a situation; can clve best of references. 503
Mason st.
YOUNG barkeeper with references wants posi-
tion; will work for small wages. Address box
47S4. Call office.
EXPERIENCED blacksmith. German, would
like a situation; city or country. Address,
stating wages, box 4776, Call office. • -
WANTED— Situation doing general office work
by a young man 18 years of age; best of
references. Addrrss box 47S9, Call office.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a situation In
family not too far away from town; good ref-
erences. Box 4778, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man. strictly trustworthy,
good references, desires position as watch-
man or Janitor: 20 years a resident of this
city. Address E. S., 3992 Army st.
COOK wants a situation in hotel, restaurant or
boardlng-houKe; city or country. Please call
3 Stevenson st
WANTED — To run a poultry ranch, incubators
and brooders. Address Experience, box 4774
Call office.
COACHMAN wants employment: good refer-
ences; thoroughly competent. Address box
3795. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia ft
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
rerelvt-d «t Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Jucted. N. Mananse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL. ;
IF rou have storks or bonds of any kind for
sale tall or address PACIFIC COAST UN- ,
DERWRITINO CO.. E04 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT— 901 Post St., corner Hyde; 4 rooms; '
rent {17 50. . •
IF you want to move get printed list flats to le» '•<
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW f.at. tinted. 7 rooms, with running *
water. 430 Eddy st (
520 — UPPER fiat 6 rooms: 611 Washington st, \
between Kearny and Montgomery; key ln
store below.
$18— FLAT. 4 rooms and bath; north of Market; J
healthy place; no children. BASILE, 3 Eddy. .
ES7H HAYES— Flat of 3 rooms; bath and yard: i
new plumbing: rent J8. .
FLATS WANTED. '
A— NOTICE— Owners, attention! We guaran- i
tee to rent good houses and flats ln 3 to 15 -
days. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market St.
' - ¦ 1
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $4S 50. with No I
7 ran»re. Klne Furniture Co.. 1127-US1 Mar- j
ket st.; telephone South 637. J
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st; tel. Jessie 76L
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. ; pays hlchest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk O4;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. K. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mlislon; tel. Red 3353.
HELP v. ANTED- ITEM ALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
••; HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress. Fresno, $20; waitress. Fresno, $25;
waitress. Gait, J20; waitress. Woodland. $20;
2 waitresses. PortervUle, $20; waitress. Bak-
ersneld. $20; waitress, Stanford, $20; and
many others city and country; chambermaid
to wait. 8prin«-s, steady work, $20, see party
here 9:30; woman cook, 6 to 8 men, springs,
steady work. $20, fare paid.
•- FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, 6 to 8 people, $20 and fare paid; cook
for help in bakery, $20; houseglrl, Petaluma,
$20; cook. Menlci Park, $30; houseglrl, Oak-
land. $20. and many others. C. R. HANSEK
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German houseglrl. small
American family. $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary at.
CHOCOLATE dipper for country, $9 week, see
party here 10 a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 waitresses to go iouth. $20, fara
paid ,see party at 11 to-day; 2 pantry girls,
$20. $25; cleaning woma.n. Institution, $25;
German nurse and second girl, $25; 4 cham-
bermaids and waitresses, $20. $25; laundress,
$5 week, hotel; nurse, 1 child, $23; cook. $30.
small wash; lady's maid, $30, see lady to-day;
second girl, $25; night cashier, $7 a week:
2 cooks, plain wash. ISO: laundress. $25; pan-
try girl $25; and lots of girls for housework,
city and country, $25. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT A CO.. 816 Sutter st
SEWING machine operators at LEVI STRAUSS
& CO.'S factory, 32V4 Fremont St.; no ex-
perience necessary; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
A WOMAN of tact and energy to fill a posi-
tion where Income steadily Increases. Box
«797. Call office.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist ln light house-
work; wages $S to $10. Address or call MRS.
SULLIVAN. 1910 University ave.. Berkeley.
WANTED — Experienced alteration hands; also
1 apprentice, cloak department. City of 'Paris
Dry Goods Co.
WANTED-GIrl for light housework. MRS.
I. F. DUGGAN. Third and Camellia sts.. West
Berkeley.
WANTED— Girl to do second work and help
with children. Apply ISIS Sacramento st
WANTED— Trimmer for country position. Ap-
ply HOLM & NATHAN. 612 Market et.
GERMAN girl for general housework and light
cooklna In small family. Apply at 22 Capp.
GIRL wanted for light housework; chance to
learn dressmaking. 782 Van Ness ave.
YOUNG girl to mind baby; sleep" home. Ilk
Chattanooga St.
WANTED— 2 first-class waist hands and 1 flrst-
class skirt hand. 26'£ Kearny St.. room 8.
SMALL girl to care for baby; must sleep home.
601 Geary st, cor. Taylor, room 35.
SMALL girls to learn dressmaking; paid while
learning. 121 Post St.. room 47.
GIRL to Rsslft with light housework; small
family adults. 2502 Clay Bt.
FIRST-CLASS dining-room girl as waitress-
restaurant. 206 McAllister st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist ln light house-
work. 173 Seventh st
GOOD first-class waitress at 804 Mason st;
wages $7 a week.
EXPERIENCED operators wanted on Ehlrts;
a few beginners taught. Apply THE L. EL-
KUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
BHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove ets.
WANTED — A lady as companion to lady and
assist In light housework; good home, fair
pay for the right party. Call after 2 p. rn.
at 1H Taylor gt.
FIRST-CLAPS eewers on ladies' waists, skirts,
etc.; take work home. II. FRIEDLANDER.
MS Fell st.
SMART girl, willing to learn to be a medium:
willing to travel with a professional man.
Box 47Ofi. Call office.
GIRL for general housework and plain cooh-
ing; email family. 1443 McAllister Bt
A COLORED girl to take care of baby; sleep
home: wages $12. Address 819 Post Bt.
DANCING girls wanted. Comstock Dance Hall,
CIS Pacific st; open 7:30 to 12 p. m.
TAILORESS wanted; a girl to work on vests.
517 Jessie St., between Sixth and Seventh.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady; ladles' and
children's wear. Box 4757. Call office.
WANTED— Women and girls 'to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom n.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore »t.
IIELI* WASTED-MALE,
FT^E^^FATlETTc^oir^T^ish^ash^rTr.^ .^$W
Cooks. $40. $33. $25 month
Dishwashers. $5 week, $15 month
Colored man for dishwasher, private fam-
ily $20
Chorcman around hotel, $15 month
J. F. CROSHTT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
TWO carpenters for mining company, $3 day,
see boss here; washer and starcher, $30 and
found: carpenters for country, $3 day, faro
paid; carpenters for city, $3 day; 2 brick-
layers for country, $4 25 day; 2 stickermen,
$3 JO day; Scandinavian farmer and wife, $40;
ptablemen for country. $30 and found; car-
riage palntrr for Honolulu, $3 day; agricul-
tural draughtsman. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
028 Sacramento st.
A— WANTED
Italian collar foreman: also 2 Italians to
work in winery, same place. W. D. EWER
ft CO.. C10 Clay st.
A— WANTED
Farmer and wife. $40; road teamster for
hauling. $30; axman to frame timbers for
mine. $2 a day; gardener, country. $25; farm-
er, near city. $26: 10 woodchoppers, tools and
grub advanced, for Honolulu; blacksmith, $4
a day; carriage painter, $3 a day; waiter.
country hotel, $30; waiter, boarding house.
$25: 2 young men for Institution, $15 each and
found; middle-aged Catholic for Infirmary J15
and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A— FOREMAN and 20 carpenters, new Job; 20
• cabinetmakers; foreman, 20 bench hands. 3
sash and door makers, 6 stlckerhands. 1 wood
turner. 1 .trim sawyer, for planing mills, at
Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny
St.: non-union mechanics please register; no
charges.
MAN to buy out a route; good-paying business.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 162.
WANTED — Man. upright character, to manage
business of established house; $18 per week and
expenses, paid weekly, from headquarters; ex-
pense money advanced; position permanent*
ref. Standard House. SOI Caxton bldg., Chgo.
WANTED — First class dinner and short order
cook no pantry work. Address box 10, Wailu-
worth, Nov.
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday; $3. Ap-
ply 32.".0 Mission St.
BARBER wanted Saturday. 122 Third at.
BARBER Saturday afternoon and evening. 2
Sixth st.
GOOD barber wanted" for Saturday and Sun-
flay. 1125 Market Bt
COATMAKER. pants and vest maker for coun-
try. Apply REISS BROS.. 25 Sutter et.
COAT and vest makers wanted. Apply 11 a.
m.. CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor, 7J t Mkt
WAITERS and beer-tappers; I. O. F. Theater.
Inquire 433 Bush St.. bet. 1 and 3 p. m.
GOOD dishwasher and vegetable man wanted
at Magnolia Cafe. 4 and 6 East st.
WANTED— Experienced night dlshwash«r;
steady, sobej man only; $6 week. 32 Sixth St.
WANTED— A young man for milk route. Call
4007 Eighteenth st.
WANTED— Sheetlron workers; union men. F.
A. QILLEY & CO.. 109 Fremont St.
CABINET makers wanted. 119 Main at.
WANTED— Short-order night cook part of
night: $6 6S0 Fourth st.
BARKEEPER, German; must b«> quick and
polite; state references. Box 4799. Call.
DISHWASHER wanted at 258 First st. *
SHOEMAKER on repairing. 1132 Folsom st.
WANTED— Night cook. E17 Montgomery st.
WANTED— A bootblack. S3 Ellis Bt
DISHWASHER wanted. E60 Howard it.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st, bet lit and 2d aU. i
» - ' ¦¦¦¦¦¦'
HELP WANTED-MALE.
A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5MS
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT— 7 A. M.— TO-DAY
General blacksmith, country shop.. $42 and rd
Coachman, country, see boss here
3 milkers, same dairy, north $35 and found
25 laborers, no experience necessary, near
city $34 aj,d found
Tool sharpener, see boss here S3 50 day
15 2 and 4 horse teamsters. .$27 50 and $34 & fd
89 laborers and teamsters, city and country..
$175 and $2 day
Carpenters Steel bridge men Free fare
8 milkers, butter makers and choremen
$30 and $25 and found
15 farm hands and teamsters.... $26 and found
Farmers and wives .$35 and $40 and found
Drillers Stablemen
Lumber pliers, brlcktwtters and wheelers
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— HOTEL DEPARTMEXT
16 cooks, city and country $30 to $45 and fd
Butchers $30 and found Steward
Walters. $25 and $30 and found; polishers,
washers and etarchers for laundries; ranch
cooks; kitchen help and dishwashers. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO, 104 Geary it
100 teamsters and laborers for railroad wor*.
State of Nevada, J2 a day. free fare; ship
to-day
Foreman mason, $4 E0 a day; 2 stonemason*. ]
$3 60 a day, for railroad culvert work. Los
¦Angeles County: free fare
Tool sharpener, $3 50 a day, see boss here;
experienced wins cellar man, $30 and found;
assistant cellar man, $26 and found: 8 labor-
ers for dam, $2 60 a day and half fare ad-
vanced: butter maker and milker, $30; 2
laborers, mine. $30 and found; 2 R. R. itction
hands, $1 60 a day
•- HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Thorough first-class hotel steward, $100: sec-
ond cook, MO: broiler, hotel. $45: fry cook,
restaurant, $45; night cook, $50; 10 dishwash-
ers and kitchen hands, $25 and $30; 2 ironera,
$12 and $16 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
WANTED TO-DAY
10 headersmen J2 50 day
10 drillers $2 00 day
For the big tunnel, Chatsworth Park, Los
Angeles Co.; free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced marker and distributor
at OAKLAND LAUNDRY CO.. 680 Twenty-
nlnth st. Oakland.
THIRD waiter. New Washington Hotel. 334
Fourth st.
BOY wanted of 16 years or older for drug store;
German preferred. 699 McAllister st
MEN wanted for the United States Navy-
Machinists, first-class, age 21 to 35. pay per
month. $55; machinists, second class, age 21
to 35, pay per month, $10; electricians, third
class, age 21 to 35. pay per month. $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), ace 21 to 35, pay per
month. $15; seamen, age 21 to 35, pay per
month. $24; ordinary seamen, age 18 to 30.
pay per month $19; landsmen, age 18 to 25,
pay per month $18; apprentices, third class,
ape 15 to 17. pay per month $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dls-
cuallfying ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination ln electricity, espec-
ially on tha handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination in seamanship. Landsmen and
apprentices will be required to pass the-
rhyslcnl examination only. The term of en-
listment Is for four years. Should a man
re-enllst within a period of four months from
the date of honorable discharge he will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of $1 S6 for each
re-enllstment. Rations, medicines and medical
attendance aro furnished gratis ln addition to
pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' sen-Ice on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement It is the de-
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
large number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they ara
qualified for the higher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for the
nary will make a large Increase ln the en-
listed force neressary, and this will cause a
corresponding large Increase in the number
of p*tty officers, who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may be ac-
cent t-d will be assigned tea U. S. war ves-
sel: apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion, San Francisco, Cal. Applications should
be made at the U. S. Naval Recruiting Ren-
dezvous, corner of Market and East streets.
S*n Franclrco. Cal.
WANTED— A sober, faithful man with prac- I
tlcal experience In scouring and dry cleaning
of ladles' and gents' clothes. Address at once
HENRY JEANS. 136 East Santa Clara st.
Ean Jose, Cal.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 51J Sacra-
mento st. near Montgomery; one of the few
repectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERT, Prop.
AN experienced clothing man to take charge
and sur>erlntend agencies nnd salesman on
Pacific Coast for tailoring business: give ex-
perience, age. ref. Address bos 47S6. Call.
BRIGHT boy for office ln wholesale house;
good penman: g"o<l references; state wages
' expected. Hox 47S1. Call.
FIRST-CLASS watchmaker for city; state ref-
ererices; permanent position to good, steady
mechanic. Box 4777, Call.
BOYS from 14 to 16 year* of nge In sole leather
room. CAHN. NICKELSBURG & CO.. 113-
117 Hayes st
AN elderly gentleman to act as secretary:
work light: room, board and small compen-
sation. Box 4737, Call office.
WANTED— A strong boy for grocery to deliver.
14S Seventh st.
WANTED — By a first-class barber, a boy of ;
15 to learn barber trade; splendid chance to '
right party. Address for one week, M.
BYRKSE, 186 Julian ave.. city. '.
FIRST-CLASS repairing Jeweler;, good wages
and permanent position to steady man; state i
capabilities and references. Address box 4775,
Call office.
BOY to help on milk wagon, about 17 years old. '
$15 and found. 423 Connecticut st. ; Eighth- .
st. cars. ]
WANTED— 2 sticker hands; 4 bench hands; 1 .
first-class sanh nnd door man: 2 cabinet ]
makers. W. J. LITTLE CO.. S60 Brannan st.
WE want 10 honest. Industrious men to solicit j
ln city and county; experience not necessary:
we teach you the business: good contracts for -
peber men willing to work. White Sewing 2
Machine Co.. 200 Post st.. cor. Stockton.
1 PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., that old p
and reliable firm, SCS Market st. room 40
Phelan building. Pension vouchers executed. -
15 cents. Advice free. S
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight -
weeks required: positions guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'R BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st. »
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to J2 per week. j
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages $3. \
CIS Broadway.
PARTN'ER for barber ehop tn country. _
STOLTZ'S. C36 Market st. V
"WANTED— Good blacksmith; steady Job. Ap- _
ply to J. O'EIIKA, 17th and Vermont sts. \
WANTED — i good teamsters; steady Job. Ap- _
ply to J. O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont L
BLACKSMITH'S helper. Apply 1522 San Bruno —
Road, near Army St. ji
BOY who understands stenography and office m
work; give age. Wages desired. Box 4721, Call. ~
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 2oc "
to SOc. C62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.. ' A
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard et
EXPERIENCED men to handle the «ale of
stock; steady employment. Box ?270, Call.
STOLTZ. barber supplies, removed from €30 _
Market (basement) to 6C6 Market st, upstairs.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart
'MICN and women to learn barber trade. S. F. A
BARBER COLLEGE. 7»A Howard St.
PEN'SIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL. lawyer. 16
years' practice: Examiner building.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 627 Four- T
LIN'DELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms, 15c to 25c night: 75c to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Hnnee. 44 Third St.. near Mar- —
ket: 700 rooms. 25c- night; reading-room: free H
'bu.i and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and snrmcriptlon*
received at Pnll branrh nf<Vi». ?2IV) FlUmnre st —
' ¦ a-
hemorrhoids; . :
PILES— 300 cures business men ln Snn Fran- M
rlsco: ran be seen; no operation; no pain: par-
tlrulnr* sent. Ad. Pbv«IMan. ho-* 1!>*ft. Cull.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For~SaTe A '
40 HORSES for *ale; also wagons, buggies. i
corts. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market T-
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday. A -
SULLIVAN & DOYLK. Auctioneers. ]
FOR sale— 20 horses weighing from 1100 to 1800 ~
pounds; also a mountain wagon for campers. "
T. W. EMMOXS CO.. 212 California st !
10 HEAD of driving, and working horses at —
TOMKINSON'S Stables. 57 Minna at. be- T<
twefn First and Second. i
$45— HORSE, busrgy and harness. E. B. M'
KOONS. S47 nnd 849 Mission st. 1
FRESH cow for sale. 67 Bernal ave, ' i
- HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 1* Montgomery.
MART. 20. near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors: rent cheap.
HOUSES TO LET — FURXISHED.
A— FURNISHED house of 7 rooms for sale:
rvnt of house very cheap; rooms all full.
Apply 1313 Stockton st. ,
LOST AXD FOU.V D.
LOST— On Kearny St., bet. Bush and Geary, i
gentleman's gold-framed bow spectacles: lib-
eral reward. Finder please return to R. S. j
RAW. HO Geary, bet. Octavla and Laguna. j
BTRATED- Black dos. 4 white feet, white
cheat, tip of tall white; answers to nam«
Hunker; tag Xo. 787; liberal reward. J. E.
WALLACE. 131 Turk st.
LOST— Canvas covered entry book referring to
overall factory of H. COHN. Return to »05Vi
Gear?- st. and receive leward of $10-
LOST— Gentleman's watch. Please return to j
M. H. LAWLER. 411 Fifth St.: reward $20.
IX>ST — Black greyhound, male, near Golden
Gate Park. Return to 408 Capp St.: reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JULIA M. JENNINGS: No. !»3-023. i
The finder will please return to bank. j
FOUND— Fox terrier female: brown head, black-
spot on back. 1515 Fillmore it.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call. I
H pages, in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year, i
MASSAGE.
EMILY SEGSWORTH, assistant to Dr. A. B.
'Wlllcox, scientific masseuse, room 40, St.
Ann's building: hours. 9 a. m. to l>:30.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cura
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home lame day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use it; perfectly harmless: home
fcr confinement. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. 'W. CDONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. Moved 101S Market.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth: j
reliable ladles' specialist: home treatment, $3,
safe and sure cure guaranteed: ladles treated
at office can return home the same day. pri-
vate home »>efore and during confinement:
best medical care; hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have. returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure '$3; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice ln S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007^ Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: IS yrs.'
practice: home ln confinement: treatment at
office. »5; any ailment; consultation free, con-
fidentlal. 941 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lnrkln.
NO TOY KEE, Chlneso doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials; advice free. Sanl-
tarlum. 704 Sacramento st.. corner Kearny.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist; practical physician for 37
years: always successful. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. M. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladies' special-
lst; home ln confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
CERT, medical rubber will attend clients at
reslde-nce by apptmt. PAULA, box 4779. CalL
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market i«t
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dla-
eases of the human body. US Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, entrlnes. 2d-hand machinery. JI>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcase*, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large etock of saloon outfits on hand;
S2 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything ln 24 hours. J
NOONAN. 1017, 1013, 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR SALE. A BARGAIN.
Or to trade for a good top buggy, 1 good-
appearing, up to date, undercut Columbus
rockaway, with full leather folding top; also
a lady's raddle horse. For particulars apply
northeast corner Twenty-third and Howard
sts.. C. ECKSTEIN, grocer. —
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $)
per month: write for catalogue and price
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 400 California
et. : rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
200 FEET IVi in. galvanized Iron pipe, with or
without force pump; good condition; cheap.
510 Gough st
FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $3 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny it, near Pine.
A 14-KARAT gold stem-wln.ling watch, $a.
worth ;60. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FOR sale— Windmill, pump and tank. 1S2S Flf-
teenth st.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2-drlIl
air compressors. JATtDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
FOR sale cheap— Shelving, showcases, counters
and Ice chest. ZZ03 Market st.
SWEET singing canarlea for sale, $2 each. 722
Hayes st.
200-LIOHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. SIS Mission st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
cults for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFK CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. BL'LLAHD A BRECK. 131 Post st.
10- TON* Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and msglc lantern out-
flta bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SAFES — New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
' ' - I
MISCELI.AXEOyS WA.VTS.
FIRST-CLASS woolen' mill with large capacity
wishes to correspond with up-to-date house to
handle Pacific Coast account on blankets and
suitings; raujt b» thoroughly acquainted with I
the trade. Address box 4796. Call office.
WANTED— San Francisco Examiner for Nor
1S96; quote price. W. F. PURNEL.L, Sacra-
mento, Cal.
WANTED— Old Eold and silver for manufac-
turlng. MULLER. 112 Kearny St.. room S.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. II L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market it
LADIES' and gents' caat-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
tCLElN still pays beot price- for clothing, brio-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 141.
IIONKr TO LOAX. ~
KNY amount on furniture, pianos. wlthout~re^
moval. or any other good security; payabla
back ln Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the. purchase price we will
pay It and carry the lean as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity: »e« us
first; you will be. waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-63 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
I.A— UEST rates and ea.ilest terms. ~ ~~
Second Mortgages
Interests ln Estates
;:;Undlvided Interests ln Heal Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and ilze's
solved by HERMAN' MURPHY. 630 Market
INY amount at S per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought' no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
iNY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent- first
second mortgages, estates ln probate Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mcrtgages, life Insurance. Room 1$, flrxt floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN*!
I , I . C J IL ', Y . ws P ect » ble private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st; tel Main 1S44. Branch 19 Third st.
i— $100,000 on city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortsroses; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. U Montgomery.
IOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. io Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
lT , 12G Kearny st.. room 9. respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
>NY amount by private party on furniture and
nA^'ii n ? r^ TO T Val: low ™tes: confidential.
BONKLLI. 301 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
I'HY pay rent? We loan money to build wlth-
?5iwU m r. I U hIy Payment". HOME BUILDIXO
COMPA.NT. 522 Sarsome St.. room 2.
'O salaried people without security: all busl-
nesa confidential. Touslgy Co., 321 Parrott big.
IONEY to loan on furniture* by private party,
low rate. 917 Market st.. room 1.
IO ,M I £ Y loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 4J, Merchants'- Ex., 431 California.
MOXEYTO LOA5.
OX furniture and pianos: no removal; coafl-
dentlal: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor it
CASH loaned to salaried people on note vrKhout
Indorser. MORKELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlsslon: rrlvate. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. H3 Pnel«.n Dig.
MUSICAL I^STJ 1^' 31^^^^^,
DoT^oPbe^mlsled by advertisements that ap-
pear to offer something for nothing: you can
get th» best pianos for the least money at
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market »t.
BEAUTIFCL Arllnston pianos in mahogany.
oak or walnut for JCOO. on payments easy: you
can exchange any piano you buy from us at
any time tor a Dicker & Soa. MA.LTV Ala
MUSIC CO.. 783 Market_st
THE MAL'VAIS MUSIC CO. carry the cele-
brated Decker A Sun. Packard and Arlington:
select from these If you wish a satisfactory
article for your money. Call or address 7*J
Market it. _____
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY & CO."S have the privilege of ax-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three- years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every crade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $Scash. $S per month,
come good piano* for J3. $4 and $j per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEIMWATT
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Franctrco: rnmer Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesala
and retail piano house west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains ln all standard makes from $50
to £35.
Agents for the Peerless Heine, Hallett A
Davis. Boston's oldest and most famous piano.
also Behr Bros, and 10 other makes.
Pianos rented; rent alowed on purchase.
HEINE PIANO CO.. ?17 Geary it.
A GOOD piano ln good condition $73
A fine Hallet & Davis 140
Fischer, splendid condition 175
1 Shaw, 2 Curtaz. 3 Sterling, slightly used,
at sacrifice prices; eaay payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SOS. everything in the. rauiio
line. 16 O'Farrell it; Chlckerlng agancy.
ABSOLUTELY the «>ldest and largest housa
west of Chicago isKOHLER & CHASE' 3. M.
28 and 80 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the. world;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st
A FINE upright piano. almost new. $150.
DEWISG'S. Floful huiltling.
FIXE 3-pedaI upright piano; sacrificed en ac-
count of sickness. 807 McAllister st.
GENTLEMAN going to New York will sacrifice
large upright piano. 324 Golden Gate ave.
BE In the Mvim. rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 550 Hayes st
A cleaning out of plarvoa for storage: dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St., 4 elegant up-
rights at jour own price. Shoninger agency.
A BARGAIN: must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMTTZ. IS McAllister St.. next Hib. Bank.
EOHMER £ CO..- t;ymn Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
man and other planes. 30S Post st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and n«w. H.
MULLER. maker, r^nairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION Fate: new pianos: $5 payments;
for rent. $2 pp. BUUEXX. 203 Post it
HIGH-GRADE piano*: St»ck-. Hardxnan. Con-
over *¦ «tber». IV. T*. ALLEN* CO.. 314 Pom.
OFFICE* A>*D STORES TO LET.
LARGE elegant store and battement: 993 Valen- -
cla St.. near 21st: business center; sultabl* 1
for any busln**s.
$17— CORNER store: 2 rooms, cellar. 323 Bry-
ant it., between First and Second.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. Stf
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tef. Black 581.
MME. NEERGAARD has removed to 700 Post:
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday bv appointment.
PEHSOXALS.
ANNIE and LILLIE G.— ComeThome! AlTwrn
be well. C. E. A. G.
ANNIE and LILLIE G.— Come to me at ence.
JIRS. R. 522 Fell *t.
MME. ADA. wonderful gifted healer, 1104 Mar-
ket, r. 3 & 4. cures spinal trouble, rheumatism,
blindness, paralysis and all nervous diseases.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie ot.
THE HUDSON* RIVER Co7,
HOPKE BROS.
Mattrewses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated; honest work guaranteed;
prices defy competition; fine upholstery;
phone E309-. factory. 31"? and 33) Eleventh St.;
tirst-class cleaning and dyeing. 123 O'Farrell
St.. near Powell. 3an Francisco.
AT Lederer's all this week, largo stock of
hair ornaments at low figures: artistic halr-
dresslnir only 25c; switches cheap. 123 Stoktn.
ELECTRIC lights ln every room— TV! ncheeter
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
JCc to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to ti per week:
fre« "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LADIES shou!J use Mme. Reiner's depilatory;
removes pucerfluous lialr Instantly; no cala.
MME. REINEK. C31 Putter st.. IS to 4.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 uowarrt-
$1 a week. LEOX LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
SUITS to order from $15 up on easy payments.
The Richelieu. 700 Market St.. near Geary.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica hair tonic preserve*
and beautifies your hair; try It; 35c bottle.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo; a perfect clean-
ser: try It once: 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st
ALL wishing to Join an amateur dramatic club
; call room 23. 1236 Market st.. for particulars.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. 1844. Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD geld, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. 817 Market st
HAIR quickly curled or wave<l by using Tal-
cott's curling fluid; 25c a bottle: druggists.
A LFREDUM3 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1. at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing. nM gold and sllrer bought"
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 50« Kearny st '
PHYSICIANS A.XD SIHGEOX3.
°,^H-«- 9' DON *-'*ELL^o7nce anTTeMdeTicZ
10S1S Market at., between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
CHOICE REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS "
-AT—
... <wv, M " PPnCK & CO.'S. «S7 Marke-t st.
|5o, 000— Finest Investment ever offered; lot 100
feet front on Ellis «t; grand Improve-
ments: renta, JCCCO: no chanca ln city
ever offered to equal this.
$40.000— Pays $370; grand corner: all ranted.
J42.5O0 — Pays 8 per cent net: grand corner; ona
tenant: lease 5 years.
$30.000— Rents I2C2: new Improvement*.
J21. 000— Four stores and 8 flats; rents $302: TS
feet front; fine bargain.
S15.50O — Rent* $145: new Improvements.
110,250— Third st. business property, Jl-foot
front.
$10,C0O— Elegant flat*, not far from Vaa X>s«
ave.: rents $1100.
$9.000 — Grand Investment: 100 feet front with
improvements. renting for $100 a
month. .
$9,000— Store property on Ninth st, near Mar- -4
ket: very cheap.
$7,500— Rents $70; new flats: near Vaa Ne-ss
ave.
$4,000— Four Cats; all mnted for $45.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 687 Market it
BARGAIN BAROAIV
HOUSE OF 2 FLATS JV^" AX *^
$2130...... Rents $20 per month
Bay-window house, north side of Harrison
Bt.; lot ZZxM.
HOOKER A LENT. 14 Post st
SUNSET District: $3350— For sale, house of S
rooms, bath and large basement; decorated*
Eleventh ave.. bet. H and I sts. Apply to
DAVID LEWIS. K3 Brannaa st
MODERN houses bnllt; lowest prices: plans and
estimate* furnished. Campbell; 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; new; ( rooms, bath; lot Wx
100: $3CC0; terms to suit buyer. 4"U Kearny it.
REAL. ESTATE COtSTttY— PoTsale
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of th«»
SOOO ranches en my SALE and EXCHANQa
list. More than all other agents In this elt»
X. P. SICKEL3. the land agent. • Gear^ ,£
10-ACRE fruit farm, near Haywards; lmprov»-
m«nts flrst-clAM; price !JCOO; tenna to suit
Address box 47i4. Call offlce. "'
CITY property and farms sold or HchamrM-
printed lifts. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Mark^tTr. ll
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FIVE rooms and bath, handsomely furnished
for housekeeping; rent $^ for permanent p^
W 3 locatlon - Apply aoi Central ave
A .ft A i?J5P A _. n -9 OMS Ayp BOARD. ±
FlKsf-CLA~SS board- and iuliT^oTToo^T?;-
roan and wife: private family In aSSJJS'
Apply box «07. Call offlco. A^meO*;S4000 Northern Ky of Cal 5s 116 50
150 Oakland Gas 49 60
100 Oceanic S S Co 93 00
125 Pacific Gas Imp 51 23
15 Pacific Gas Imp l"d"~'i II J9
J'OQQ Sacramento Elec. Gas & Ry Es..,,100 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 SSH
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. a 30 61 62$*
25 Bank of California....! 409 00
60 Makawell S Co 43 ?5
10 Mutual Savings Bank 64 73
J15.000 Oceanic S 8 Co bonds 107 62%
25 Pacific Gai Imp 51 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 24 23
25 S F Ga's & Klectric Co 51 £0
50 S F Gas & Kleetrlc Co ,... 51 37'^
fO S F Gas & Klectric Co 61 25
20 Sacramento Elec Gas & ny.,« 25 00
5 Spring Valley Water, s 3 95 00
200 Vitrorit 3 37*4
Street —
J4000 X P C R R 6« 107 00
J100O Oakland Transit Co 6s 116 60
115,000 Pacific Gas Imp bonds 10173
PRODUCER'S OIL EXCHANGE.
-; * r :V: Morning Session.
Board— / '-
300 Home Oil 4 BO
60 Oil City Petroleum S2 10
10 Oil City Petroleum 83 60
20 Oil City Petroleum .: .... 33 00
6» Sterling O & r> Co 2 90
200 Yukon 67
Street—
£00 Twenty-Eight 1 S3
Afternoon Session.
Board— ; :-'••."
200 Cala. -Standard sj
.100 Home Oil 4 65
100 McICittrlck Consolidated 60
100 Ban Joaquin Oil & Dev. b 30 ' 8 25
B0 Sterling O «fc D Co 2 80
200 Twenty-Eight 1 go
200 Yukon 60
Yesterday Afternoon.
Street-
SCO McKittrick Consolidated .............'. 70
1100 Monarch of Arizona js
MIXING STOCKS,
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. .
100 Andes 10 300 Hale & Norcrs 4S
000 Belcher 20 .400 Mexican ....... 3S
200 Belcher IS 103 Mexican 37
300 Best & Belcher 38 500 Ophlr ' 8J
S00 Bullion OS 400 Savage ......... 33
1500 Chollar ........ 2$ 600 Savage .... 34
600 Chollar, b 90.. 25 700 Sierra Nevada. 36
50aCon Cal & Va.l 80 [ 200 St Louis 13
100 Crown Point... 15 I 200 Union Con ... 25
200 Gould & Curry W 400 Yellow Jacket. 27
300 Hale & Xprcrs 43
AfUrnoon Session.
400 Belcher 20 200 Ophlr .,......,. go
TOO Chollar ........ 27 200 Savage n
600 Gould & Curry 67 300 Savage 33
400 Hale i Korcrs 39 £00 Utah 13
60 Mexican 35 85 Yellow Jacket. 20
200 Occidental .... 10
FolJowlnE were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornin: Session.
1200 Alta 04 400 Mexican 39
600 Belcher 20 300 Mexican ....... 88
400 Best & Belcher 35 500 Ophlr .'. 83
200 Best & Belcher 3S! »0 Ophlr 82
750 Chdllar .... Zi\ 200 Ophlr 79
1500 Chollar 28,1200 Potosi 23
500 Chollar £6| 1.VH) Savage 34
200 Con Cal & Va..l 3flj ZOO Savage 33
30O Con Gal & Va.l 25j 800 Savage 33
500 Crown Point... 15] 200 Savage 33 i
400 Gould & Curry 75 500 Seg Belcher ... 03
300 Gould & Curry 74 200 Sierra Nevada. 3$
800 Gould & Curry 73 200 Union Con .... .28'
300 Gould & Curry 67 700 Union Con .... 25
BOO Hale & Xorcrs 40 200 Union Con .... 2\
300 Hale & Norcrs 41 200 Yellow Jacket. 23
300 Hale & Norcre 43!^ 300 Yellow Jacket. 2S
500 Justice OS!
Afternoon Session. •
300 Belcher 21 1 400 Overman 11 !
B00 null Ion 05| 2C0 Potosi 23
300 Chollar. 27 300 Potosi 22
600 Exchequer 02 IE00 Savage 31
200 Gould & Curry. 6S 600 Savage 32*
200 Gould & Curry. 70 200 Sierra Nevada. 38
400 Mexican 36 700 Utah ....... ; *14
800O p hir ••••__!____
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Oct. 11— 4 t. m.
Bid. Ask. » Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 06 Justice 07 OS
Alta ............ 03 04 Kentuck — 04
Andes .......... 09 10 Lady Wash .... — 03
Belcher .. ..20 21 Mexican ...... ;"3S 37
Best &. Belcher 36 37 Occidental 09 10
Bullion 04 06 Ophir .......... 81 82 j
Caledonia -42 44 Overman ..:... 10 11
Chollar ......... 27 2-"? Potpsi 22 24
Challenge Con. 20 22 Savage 33 33
Confidence . 77 SO Scorpion 01 —
Can Cal'& Va.l 23 1 30 See Belcher ..03 ¦ 04
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 35 37
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill .... 37 33
Eureka Con.... — 45 St Louis .. — U
Crown Point ..' 15 16 Standard ......3 80 —
Kxchequer ..... 01 , OC Smdicate ...... 04 —
Gould & Curry 77 73 Union Con .... 25 25
Halo ; & Norcrs 33 40jUtah ........... 13 14
Julia*., ....... ..03 04|Yellow Jacket. 23 26
The ballot taken on the ticket was al
most unanimously in favor of It and those
named were declanid elected.
At the evening session Professor Willis
ton W T alker, D. D., Hartford, Conn.: Pro
fessor George F. Moore, D.D.. Andover,
Mass., and President J. K. McLean of
Oakland. Cal., made addresses. Rev. Dr.
C. H. Patton of St. Louis made the clos
ing address «.nd the ninety-first annual
meeting of tho American board adjourned
sine die.
Auditors, Edward H. Baker, Elisha R.
Brown and Hon. Henry E. Cobb of Bos
ton.
Prudential committee (for three years')
William P. Ellison. A. H. Plumb, D.D.;
Francis £. Clark, D.D., and Edward
Whitin.
Recording secretary, Henry M. Stlmson
D.D., of New York.
Assistant recording secretary, Edward
N. Packard, D.D.
- Corresponding secretaries! — Judson Smith,
D.D. ; Charles II. Daniels, D.D.; James L.
Barton, D.V.; all of Boston.
Treasurer, Frank H Wiggin. Boston.
Editorial secretary, E. L. Nathan. D D
of Boston.
Rev. Mr. Perkins, who passed through
the recent Chinese uprising unscathed,
paid the Boxers a tribute in so far as say
ing they were courageous men and had
won the admiration and respect of tiie
soldiers and missionaries at Tientsin.
They believed they were fighting for a
principle, the speaker said, and stood up
for it manfully.
At the afternoon session Rev. Dr. Boyn
ton of Detroit, chairman of the nomi
nating committee, made his report. He
paid a tribute to Dr. E. B. Webb, chair
man of tho prudential committee, and
D. Willis James, A'ice president of th*
American Board, retiring officers, and
presented the following names for elec
tion:
President, Samuel B. Campen, T/r. r>,. of
Boston.
Vice President, Henry Hopkins, D.D., of
Kansas City.
Rev. J. F. Loba. D.D., of Evanston. 111.,
and Rev. Dan F. Bradley, D.D., of Grand
Rapids made similar reports on other de
partments of work and made short ad
dresses. The following missionaries then
spoke of the work Iji their respective
fields: Rev. C. A. Nelson, Canton. China;
Rev. W. C. Wilcox. South Africa; Rev.
Edward S. Hume, Bombay, India; Rev:
E. B. Haskell, Turkey; Rev. B. P. Hol
ton, Ceylon, and Rev. H. P. Perkins, Lin
chang. North China.
Reference to the work in the missions
of Western and Central Turkey and the
Pacific islands was made and progress
shown. Dr. Clark In closing
"In reading the reports of these several
missions under the special care of Secre
tary Smith we are impressed with and
bear glad witness to the ability and fidel
ity of the administration. Intricate and
troublesome questions ever rising because
of war and famine and pestilence; press
ing emergencies, racial prejudices, ri\-al
organizations, personal misunderstand
ings, limited funds— these seem to haA'e
been wisely and happily adjusted. The
board may look forward with renewed
hope to larger and more -conspicuous ac
complishments in the coming year."
"Constantly increasing gains may be an
ticipated in Hongkong and Canton
through the intelligent efforts .of Chris
tian Chinese returning from America.
That their contributions toward this work
from their fellow countrymen here much
exceed the appropriations of the board is
a pleasing proof of their sincere Interest
in it. The superintendence by our mis
sionaries has been most discreet and ef
fective."
Reference in this, as In other reports,
is made to the splendid aid of the Chris
tian Endea\-or Society.
Rev. Dewet S. Clark. D. D., of Salem.
Mass., In behalf of the committee of
"eleven missions," under the care of the
Rev. Judson Smith, D. D., foreign secre
tarv, reported in brief as follows:
"The three missions of the board in Af
rica, Zulu, East and "West Central Africa,
send back to us most encouraging re
ports. South China, Shensl, Fuchau and
North China, notwithstanding the dis
turbed state of the empire during the past
season, have been nrosecuting their labors
with excellent results.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 12.— At the morning
session of the ninety-first annual meeting
of the American Board of Commissioners
for Foreign Missions, Peter Cushman
Jonesof Honolulu, who last night brought
greetings from the Hawaiian EA-angelical
Association and gave a check for $0000
contributed for the work of the American
board, made an additional pledge of $3000
on behalf of the friends of the work In
those islands.
Many Encouraging Reports Received
and All Look Forward to Greater
Accomplishments During
the Next Year.
Final Adjournment of the
Ninety-First Annual
Meeting.
NEW OFFICERS
ARE CHOSEN BY
MISSION BOARD
PALACE HOTEL.
G M Esterby, N T
Miss K L Haskell. 8 U
A AV Kittlesen, Nome
N Toruson. Nome
B G Kittlesen, Nome
L Manhelmer, NY
H E Henoch, Chicago
E H Cox. Madera
J G Roberts, Madera
Dr A H Byars, Madera
R H Stevens, Syracuse
T Douglas, Ariz
F E Carr & w. Ill
Mrs G B McAneny. Cal
Mr* McMastics, Cal
T G Booth, N Y
G Gregory. N Y
A J Houston, Clevelnd
J MagofHn & w, Tex
E C Bartlett. Ariz
Miss L Bartlett, Ken
\V R Ransdell, Spckan
AV E de Groot. Lcs An
E Baruch, NT
A C Carson. Mont
W H Rickey & w. N Y
Dr L Cool, Nome
Mrs G Fenwlck, Mont
Dr W S Taylor. Cal
T M Longcope. Phila
A C Neuhausen. Ls An
T H Buck & TV. Cal
Kaymond-AVhltcoinb
Excursion-
Major G Pearse & w,
L Wright,
D Casalone,
Mrs J Austin
Miss J Jones,
Major J O Hutchlnson,
H H Knapp, Xapa
Mrs McXelll, Eta Crus
E C Wright, Sacto
R W Hersey & w, Cal
H L Langnecker, S U
H Kind, New York •
J W Baxter. Watsnvll
Mrs S F Coffin, Stanfd
W A Richardson &. w,
Sacramento
w B Tubbs & w, -Cal
SI Drousottl, Italy
J M Rogers & w. 111
AV Petrle, Chicago
J T Harris & w, Ctaa
C J Steedman, D C
C Marburg. Hamburg
L Twltchell, Minn
P H Bentz. Phlla.
GRAND HOTEI*
I S Hartley. Chicago
Miss C Lewis, Chicago
C Curtis, Maine
J Resr-irii Santa Cruz
A S Bird & w. Winters
G Ghlinghl, Stockton
F It Restart. Sonora
M J Lundy, Stockton
E Murphy, Oakland
E M Billings, Benlcia
S G Tornnkins. S Jose
D R Pender, San Jose
O G Radcllfr. Watsonvl
H A Lawler. Cal-
G A Felda, L Angeles
AV J Arnold. L Anir '
W S Rodgers, Watsnvli
J H Gardiner. R Vista
A Weilheimer. Fresno
W C Doub. Bakersfleld
F H Ransom. Portland!
W T> Clement. Nevada I
M Rhulich, Germany
F H Farrar, Merced
LEW Ploda. S Cruz
H K Stahl. San Jose
F E Lewis & w. Chgo
J J Hebron & w, Sains
H D Spauldtn<- Seattle
W Thomas, Chlco
W A Fish, Red Bluff
F E Libenora, Spokane
D JIB CamDbell. C&l
B A Sanborn, L An;
Miss H A Sanborn.L A
Mrs W W Worthing.
Stockton
Mrs W Bell. Cal
A Berner. Orovllla
J Weil. Sacramento
J M Canty. Grayson
"W P Smith & xr. S Jse
Miss J E Barnard, Cal
C Ii Hedemark. Crocktt
L Jaffe & w. Seattle
J Hudson, Sonoma
J FJnlayson. Healdsbs
R B Ward, Vallejo
NEW- V.'ESTERN HOTEL.
C R Barne3, Chicago
S K Ballard. S Rosa
AW Reams & w, Pa
J Bowman, L Anc
P'Arnict, 3 Jose
P J Ladue. Sacto"
W S Sanfred. Chicago
W Hollmelr. Cal
H Chase, Cinn
J L Lyons, St Louts
G O'Neill. Butte
R Ryles. Seattle
C Harper & w, Reddng
R S Bensen. Ga
J B Preston. Portland
H L Dort. Chicago
T O'Brien, Atlanta
B Carter, S Jose
fJ L Monroe. Sacto
C Dlxon, fit Louis ¦
B C Carter &.w. Or
L Vest & f, Stockton
REALTY TRANSACTIONS
The' past week has not been, marked by i
great activity in the realty market, but
there nave been some transactions of
considerable size. The demand for good
renting properties remains very stronjf. j
Eligible and up-to-date Hats, in construc
tion,- are rented before they .are com
pleted. There are brokers who foresee
that this condition of affairs may result
In a build ingr boom eventually.
Margaret Broderick has sold to France3
Eldridge a marine view lot on the north
line of Broadway. 151 feet west from
.Baker street, the dimensions being 77:oo
xl37:6, for $18,500. The brokers were Bo
vee\ Toy &. Sonntag.
Thomas Magee &S0113 have sold the
southeast corner of Polk and Austin
streets, with improvements consisting of
a two-story building, the size of the lot
being 60xll"J, for $4O,w0. The same brok
ers have also sold a lot. on Vallejo street.
near Fillmore, 70x137:5. for $3S00. and two
lots on Masonic avenue, near W aller
street, 51:2x116, for J2300.
The following sales are reported by Sol
Getz & Bro.: .Lot 25x120 on west line of
Tenth avenue, 100 feet south of L street,
for $t>50: lot 25x100 on north line of L
street, $2:6 feet west of Ninth avenue, for
$650; lot 25x120 on east line of Seventeenth
avenue, 275 feet south of H street, for
$500; lot 25x120 on east line of Nintn ave
nue, 150 feet north of K street, for $S00; b
six-room modern cottage and bath and
lot, 50x120, on east line of Eleventh ave
nue, near Point Lobos, for $3250.
The Von .uhein Keal Estate Company
reports the following sales: Northeast
corner of Union and Leavenworth street-.
23x112:6, with improvements, $6500. from
Frank Leisen to Julius Reimer; lot on the
east line of Stockton street, C9 feet north
of Broadway, thence north 40x60 feet, im
provements stores, $20,500, from Thomp
son estate to L. -Hirsch; east line of
Florida street, 229 feet north of Twenty
second, thence, north 31x100 feet, im
provements four flats, price $4400. from
George Werner to F. Heintz; southeast
line of Klsling street, 172 feet northeast
of Twelfth, 23xS0 fest, improvements two
flats, 'price $3500, from Owen Carroll -to
Louis Cella; southwest corner of Jones
and Chestnut streets. S6xl37:6 feet, price
$7000. from George W: Collins to G. C.
Alferitz; southeast corner of Filbert and
Leavenworth streets, b7:6xS7:6 feet. Im
provements flats, from A. Giustl to G. C.
Alferitz; northwest line of Perry street,
500 feet southwest from Fourth. 25x75
feet, old flats, price $2000. .from Brldgrtt
Hussy to Guiseppo Rovai: east line cf
Bryant avenue. 05 feet north of Twenty
second street, 30x100 teet, Louis Metzger
to Lewis Meaney, price $1750.
Deeds have been placed on record as
follows:
Estate of Alexander Campbell to Claus Had
eler, lot 'on northwest corner of Seventeenth
and Mission streets. 100 by 65, $!S,400; Theodore
and Anna*M. Schaefer to "VV. "VV. <Je Winton,
lot on east line of Sanchez street, 75 feet north
from Nineteenth, 25 by 100, J2000; Annie C.
Rines to John H. Erunings, lot on north line
of Sixteenth street, ISO feet west from Sanchez.
50'3 by S7 $1000; Carl Pehnitt, David and Rose
A. Salfleld to Julia A. IMnnegan, lot on north
west corner of Twenty-second and Noe streets.
101:6 by 30. $1000; Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society to Marlon S. Spaulding. lot on east line
of Castro street, 76:8 south from Liberty. 25
by 100. |13O3; Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety to Mary A. Lydon, lot on southwest lino
of Laskie street, 228 feet northwest from Mis
sion, 24:6 by S3, $20CO; Louisa G. Kane to John
M. Kane, lot on south line of X street. 120
feet west from Thirty-second avenue, 120 by
200, $400; estate of Marie Harris to Louis Har
ris lot 115. block 122, Central Park Homestead
Association. $li00; James McMurray to Amalie
Elllngeen. lot on south corner of Sixteenth
avenue and Q street, $500; John Plus Murphy
to Sarah Patek, lot on south line of Golden
Gate avenue. 197 feet west from Franklin, 25
by 137:6 $5500; George F. Neal to Anna B.
Ballard, lot on south line of Jackson street,
137:6 east from Steiner. 27:6 by 127:8U. $-0000;
T. T. and Georgiana Williams to Philip Mc-
Dowell, -lot on northeast corner of Pine and
Pierce streets. S7T6 by 25. $W,C0O; James I}ob
son to J. T.. C. M. and J. P. Belshaw, lot on
northwest corner of Day and Douglass streets,
EO by 114, J5CQ; estate of Bridget Alver to A.
Hermann, lot on west line of Stockton street,
from 84:6 south of Lombard to 113:6 youth of
Lcrmbard. 63 by 137:6, 15750; Anton Churchma
to Maria Churchma. lot on southeast line of
Louisa street, 117:6 northwest from Fourth,
20 by 60. $2(*»: Catherine Kennedy to John and
Annie M. Toohey, lot on southwest line of
Perry street, 475 southwest from Third. 25 by
M>. $3000; Thomas McCrea Harney to Henry
C. Flick, lot on west line of Vermont street.
200 north, from Twenty-third avenue, 33:4 by
100, |10f«); Adoljihlne Hansen et ai. to George
A. Douglass, let on north line of Twenty-second
street 25 east from Minnesota, 2."> by M:6, $1000;
George M. and Klla C. Mitchell to Charles Sor
ensen, south line of Clement street, 132 ;6 west
from Twenty-fourth avenue, 25xl0O, $."/:0; Mary
E. Curtis to Jacob Heyman. west line of Ninth
avenue, 250 feet south from B street. 5<>xl2Q,
$1500; Mary M. B. Martin to Solomon Getz,
west line of Tenth avenue. ICO feet south from
L street, 50x120, $1000; Esther Green to Marks
L#wis, north line of Golden Gate avenue, 220
lect west from Franklin, 27:6x1*0. $2500; Jere
miah K. Shuey to Alice M. Martin, south line
of Vase street. 200 west frcm Lyon, 25x137:6.
$1500; Richard L. and Annie Inpham to George
E. and Lizzie B. Hunt, north line of Twenty
second street, 50:10 west from Church, 60:10x111.
$10C0; Edward J. Holt to Emma Benke, north
line of Lombard street, 225 west from Kearny,
20x137:6. ?20C;0; John H. and Kllen G. Grady to
Antonlno Bu?alacchi, southwest corner of Ma
son and Bay Streets. 22:11x50. $2000; Jair.es L.
and Louise Holland to Charles Severeen. north
west corner of De Haro and Twenty-third
streets, 25x100. $500; George F. Lyon to George
W. Harlow, northwest corner of Twenty-fifth
and Mississippi streets, 50x109, HOOO; Triumph
Loan Association to Isldor S. and Rose Green,
north line of Clement street, S2:6 east from Sec
ond avenue, 25x100. J2CO0: Cella Marks to F. E.
Hesthal, northwest line of Mission street, 818:6
northeast from Twenty-ninth, 30x100, and also
lots in Garden Land Homestead Association,
$4500; estate of James G. Fair to Mary Sulli
van, east line of Elsie street. 290 feet south
from Cortland avenue, 25xl2S:tf. $1000; Thomas
H. Dowllng to AUgusta K. Glbbs, north line
of Jackson, 102:6 east from Scott, 35xl27:SVi.
$18,000: J. G. W. and Minna Schulte to James
H. Campbell, north line of Haipht. 135:71* west
from Pierce, 25x110. $3000: James. Ermlna A.
*nd Precella B. Davidson to Thomas Lundy,
west line of Stanyan street, 50 feet north from
Carl. 25x107:6, $1500; Diedrich and Metha Kuhl
mann to Mary J. Whys, southeast line of
Harrison street, SO feet northeast from Dore. 30
x70, $2500; Jefferson G. and Jennie L. James to
James F. and Anna F. McCarthy, east line of
Guerrero, 172:6 north from Nineteenth, 25x103,
$5000: James A. and Maud S. Parsons to George
M. Bernard, north line of Hill, 250 feet west
from Valencia, 30x114. $1500; John II., Samuel
\V. and Lottie L. Still to John and Bridget
Duffy, south line of Twenty-fourth, 23 fett
west from Vicksburg. 25x102:8, $2000; Patrick
Cronln to Patrick and Mary Cronin, south
line of Elizabeth. 130 feet east from
Hoffman, 25x114, $500; Edward' Duffy to
G. Cuneo, southeast corner Sansome and Val
lejo, S0x2«:6, $.4000; John Thompson to Leo-
-
pold B. and David Hirsch. east lino of Stock
ton, 63 feet north from Broadway, 40x69, |S>,
500: Timothy J. and Johanna King to Hugh
and Bridget Boylan. southwest line of Lang
ton. 12i feet southeast from Folsom, 23xs>0,
*3000; Amle E. Mclntyre to - N>llie Corbly.
southeast corner Twenty-eighth avenue and A
street, IZxlZ,. J5C0; Jane C. M. Clayton and
John A. Clayton to P. Bertolone, northwest
line of Chapu!t?pe<\ £1:4 southwest from Hen
rietta, 25:SxT0. J30Q: H. W. Bradley to David
Abrams. south line of Eddy, 110 feet west from
Franklin, 27:6x1?). JC«>0; Alfred Jr. and Ada
B. Clarke to William A. Hewitt Jr.. southeast
:orner Washington and Lyon. 21:3x100:44, $1000,
Mary A. and Kugene X. Fritz ta Margaret W.
Griffith, south line of Frederick. 100 feet ea^t
from Ashbury, 2S:3xl00, J0O0O: C. X. Aneraon
to Myrtle E. McRice, west line of Ashbury.
159:9 south from Waller. 57:fcclSS:3, $20,0w); Se
curity Loan Association to John Erlenwein.
west line of Hartford, 14S:6 north from Twen
tieth, 22x11:5, $1500; Gecrgiana. Scott and Fran
ces C. Lotiderback to F. H. Davis, southeast
line of Harrison. 30 feet northeast from BeaJe,
30xS0, and all Interest of the estate of Caroline
Smith In' the southeast line of Harrison, 27:»
northeast from Beale. 2:6xS0. $0000: Potrero
Land Improvement Company to Johanna Hen
p.eberry, east line of Minnesota, 291:6 north
from Sierra, J15&0; Sarah E. Watson to Han
nah Manes, lots 166 and lid. grift map 3, tlOOO;
Plena Kafka to Simon Kafka, lota 33S and 334.
gift map No. 2. JITS; Edward P. and Howena
Heald to T. B. Yoakum. southeast line of
Madrid. 1SS 6outhwest from Silver. 100x75, fcCO.
Russell J., Frank P., Mountford 3. and John
Scott Wilson have transferred to the Wilson
Estate Company thirty-three' parcels gf prop
erty, located on Market, Sacramento, Pine,
Battery, --Rhode Island, Kansas, Mariposa,
Solano, Alabama and other streets. The. In
ternal revenue stamps amounted to 1520.
The Goethe-Schiller Monument Asso
ciation has contracted with Seresmi &
Bernieri for a pedestal and steps and for
setting up of a bronze statue in Golden
Gate Park at a cost of $4210.
John Demartlni has contracted with
Louis Cereghino for a two-story and
basement frame building on the north
line of Verona place, east from * Third
street, to cost J7SS3.
Paul Bancroft is ready to build on the
east line of Van Ness avenue, just south
from Sutter street, and has contracted
with John McCarthy for excavating- and
concrete walls for foundation.
, The building to be erected by William
Johnson on the southwest corner of Ellis
and Gough streets will cost about $3000.
It will be a three-story, basement and
attic frame structure.
Alvinza Hayward has contracted for
the marble work for his eleven-story
building on the northeast corner of Cali
fornia and Montgomery streets. Th© cost
will be • $29,000. The Vermont Marble
Company has the contract.
B. B. and Susie Wllkins will improve
the southeast corner of Clay and Maple
streets with a two-story frame building
to cost $2525. ¦ - •
The more important loans of the week
have been as follows:
Humboldt Savings' and Loan Society to Jo
eept Buttsenbach, J20.000 for one year at 6 per
cent on the southwest line of Fourth
street; ?73 - feet southeast from Folsom, 73x14);
Hiberr.ia Savings and Loan Society to the
Mission Turn Verein. J3000 for one year at «
per cpnt. on the southwest corner of Eighteenth
and Lapidge streets. 63:8^ by 95; Hibernia Sav
lnss and Loan Society to Carrie C. O'Neill.
J^O.COO for one year at 6 per cent on property
on Lloyd and Scott streets. Post, Waller. Scott
and Brannan; president and board of trustees
cf the Pacific Theological Seminary. $13,000 on
the southeast line of Stevenson street, 178:8
northeast from Sixth: Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society to Louise Juslx. $7400 for one
year at 6 per cent on the west corner of Eighth
and Clementina streets. 50 by 75 by 25 by 75 by
100.
The more Important releases of the week are
the following: Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety to the Mission Soao and Candle Works;
southwest corner of Harrison and Eighteenth
streets; Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to
Annie Pe'.le. southeast corner of Stockton and
Chestnut streets: Hlbejjila Savings and Loan
Society to Isabella D.. Alice A.. Mary E. and
Grace E. Clark, northwest corner of Sutter and
Stockton streets; German Savings and Loin Sc
ciety to Abraham Aracson, ea.«t Una of Stock
ton street, 6? feet north from Broadway.
The building- permits issued In Los An
geles last month numbered 175 and repre
sented a value of $194,652 27.
RICE'S WILL IS
PLACED ON FILE
FOR PROBATE
No Estimate Is Made of
the Total Value of
the Estate.
Patrick and Jones Hold Long Consul
tation With Their Attorneys,
but Refuse to Talk for
Publication.
.NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— Counsel for Al
bert T. Patrick and Charles F. Jones, who
will be arraigned on Monday morning be
fore Magistrate Brann In the CourUand
street Police Court on the charge of forg
ing the came of the late William Hand
Rice to checks to the amount of JSS.OOO.
¦ spent most of the day in the Tombs in
consultation with their clients. They re
fused to talk about the character of tna
defense and gave no information concern
. Ing 1 the will executed by Mr. Rice when,
! he was living in Dunnellen. N. J. •
The will .of William Marsh Rice waa
i filed for probate to-day. It is dated Sep
j tember 2>>, ISM. The witnesses are W. C.
j Wetherbee of Brooklyn and \V llliarn t\
Harmon of Brooklyn. The executors are
William M. Rice Jr.. John Bartine and
James A. Baker Jr.
By the terms of the will the executors
I get JSO.OuQ in cash for the benefit of the
! testator's brother, Frederick A. Rice, and
this first wife. Charlotte. To the execa
f tors is also left $10 .000 for the benerit of
the testator's sister, Minerva Olds, oi
Massachusetts. Ten thousand dollar*
is also left for the use cf his sister, Char
lotte S. McKee, of Massachusetts.
The executors are to bo recompensed
for their services by 5 per cent commij
slon^on the value of the estate.
All the residue from the estate Is be
queathed to the Rice Institute for the Ad
vancement of Literature, Science ani
Art of Houston. Tex.
The testator states that he desires that
his son, William M. Rice Jr., be electej
to the board of trustees and he hopes ho
j will take an active interest in advancing
i the affairs of the institute.
It is also the desire of the testator that
E. Raphael of Houston. Tex., act in th*
capacity of secretary cf the institute, he
to receive compensation for his services.
It. Is mentioned, however, that his ac
ceptance shall be conditional on the
board's approval of him, otherwise the
| board may elect somebody else. In the
provision by which the income of JSO.wX)
is to be paid to the executors for Fred
erick A. Rice and his wife, Charlotte,
there is a provision that in case of the
death of either beneficiary the other shall
have the income ajid in case the bene
ficiaries should not need all the income
they may dispose of It as they see fit to
any of the following persons:
J. S. Rice. F. A. Rice Jr.. David Rlc*.
George Rice. Minnie Lummis, wif<? of H.
H. Lummis of Texas: or Libbie Thomp
son.
To his nephew, William M. Rice, tha
testator leaves any moneys due the firm
of J. S. & William M. Rice.
, A petition was filed later in the day by
I' John D. Bardine. The value of the estate
j is not given in the petition. There i3 an
I affidavit by Frederick A. Rice attached to
the petition, in which he states that no
has read the petition filed by Bard!r.e.
verified October 12. 1300.
The personnel of the British navy has
been increased during the pa3t year by
4230 men and officers.
13
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1900.
Continued from Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS.
HOTEL AUBXVAIiS.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DERKELEV REAL. ESTATE.
COZY cottage In first-class condition: nearlv i
rew: i larjre r»m?: bath: pantry; hot and I
cold n-ater: fruit trees, flower Karden. chicken '
hooe, brr>oj*:r and barn; all fenced and cross '
iv-r.ced; large- lot; 2 blocks from railway sta-
ttca, rifct.ic cars, school, cburchef and atcreg-
rri'-e iV-J': cr.ly fluO cash, balance $12 £0
monthly. T»ke Berkeley train, get otf at
Jjrrn and inquire for RUDOLPH. PERKIVS
& LYOX. entice cpen Bundays. " * "
t-ROOM crttajri?: ra^tr> - ; closets; all In pood
j-hsp»: large lot MxlSf; good well, outhouses
«nd Jenced: 1 block from car line; price fjOOO-
small i*y,ticr.t down, balance in nionthly in- i
stsiteifM?.
RVDOLPH, PERKINS & LTON' '
Lorln Station, Berkeley.
BOUE£ of 6 room*, bath ar.d pantry: 2 blocks t
from station: let lOxlTO; fenced: price 11350; I
JiC-0 cash, lalinco $1-. p«»r month.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LTON.
Lorin Station. Berke'.ej-.
Al-TA PCXTA TRACT— San Pablo are., t
rr.:lci= north of Berkeley; J150 to J2D0 per acre;
:c'.e tftj to JIM each: 15 a menth; call for I
ntps. G. W. HAIGHT. 401 California St.. S.F.
A WEEK"? news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C- rar^f. in wraprr. for mailing, tl r*r year..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. '¦
-HFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
i.;g BAcnrncE.5-
Nearly new heme of 7 rcom?. hath, censcn-a-
tory ar.d porchf-s: fine !srt;e lot: near cars
fend trains; Sru:t trers. jrarden and ham: $rTW)
cash: »-*>*t me |4S0SL Address Owner, P. O.
box H5. .-r.t". Cat
rURKISHED or unfurnished house cf 8 large
roamm and baih; rzr.Uary plumbing-; let 5vx
IW>; central lr<-at;on. Apply HP l?th »t., Oiiiclii.
oaki7a\d houses to let.
C^'P bocses. Oet iift from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN" A.- CO . 1^ Broadway, Oakland.
OAKUM) HR.MTIRB FOR SALE.
AN 'r.trrwVjction to you from H. Eehrtlhaa?. the
furniture dealer. Uth and Frank'.ln, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FiLI MOKE. 381. near '"lay— 5 eunny furnished
roots*; t<atr.: houtekeepii^
} < WARD. K-5T.B— 2 runny furnished house- !
keeplas roocas; also others; r.o children.
1.4RKIN I •— Lr-rse funny back b,edroom and
I • ben: furnished comvlete for housekeep-
!•.£; fW.
( > "aRHELL. 5-4 — Parlor floor, with kitchen.
IT": *u!t«»«, tl c ar.d $20; also eingle, 17 up.
EOWKLL WC1— t or 3 large sunny rooms, con-
r^cted, for housekeeping: alaa tingle rooms.
$4 5m — mo unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
Rinsy. l:S Feventh et.
it'UK. H5— Ttio furr.ished sunny housekeeping
rot rr.s.: rur.ning closet: no children.
CLASSIFIED advertifcements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 23» Fillmore st.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
RlbarrtpUOU has been eetabUshed at 1036
Valencia Et.
ROOMS TO LET— Forn. and I'nfurn.
A— BRUXEWICK'Hoaae. US Sixth— Rocms 25c
to fl ;*r night: SI Zh to ta per week, and light
! u^'-keeJ.i^.(^^: open all night.
rURNETT. Iii6 Market (old No. 1064)— Fur-
r-ifhea rms.. suites, siiigle; also unfurnished.
Kl'^H. S.4 — Furnished tunny rooms, suits or
firicle. 2%c i>er night up; transient.
BUSH, t»5 <The Elk)— Charged hands: newly
penormtad. nicely lurn. eunsy rin«.. tl M to $7
week: Zl-c to tl 50 night. MRS. P. HAXFT.
CLAY. :•'.'!>— Nice eunny furnished rocm; use of
h.-th end telephone; J1C.
CLAT. l€T5" — Nicely furnished rm». cheap, with
r «'-Thr.ut kitchen pri^lieges. In<j. l-'.rs Polk.
CLXFFOHI\ SN nils. cor. Mason— Handsomely
furai^:i• l <l Funny room*; prices reasonable.
El.t-IP. i]?— a large room suitable for Z gen-
ttemen; aleo Flngle room; reasonable.
FOLSOSI. 7T6*-i— Neatly furnished room; «uit-
sb'e fcr 1 ct 2 per.tkmen; reasonable.
GEART. 4'5^Th» Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
ttt.e. ; suites or tingle; travelers accon-.moiatd.
CKABT. 774— Lar^e well furnished 6ur.ny suite,
\\\\\i v.hf- of bathroom, in quiet private family.
GRAND e OLTHERX. southeast corner Seventh
and i:ii-«l^n sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
Fiirl* ¦: ladies' r>arlor; r^adlnp-room; elevator.
I-''\VARD. IT1S — Larg* sur.ny bay-window and
sJeove: elFo single rooms.
j''N"E?. SSI. near Ellis — Ni/-«? sunny bay-window
rf-^tn. al»=o r>arlnr; reasonable.
LAS PALM A P. l*?> Market ft.-^Suite of 2 cr !
rrr.s.: prtvste: bath; etn. rrcs.; board optional.
JCEIA" ARUXGTON. 1015 Market et.— Nicely
furni£h*<1 rrw.rr.j 12 a week up: JSc a day up.
NORWOOD. €11 Taylor-Furnished sunny
euit«-: also F'.ngle room*; terms reasonable.
OFARi'.EU., r-— Funny furnished rooms and
efflr**; *>l«?v«ti.r; fifrtric lights; day, wk., mo.
)'"¦" OT^— Two rleasant sunny rooms for
!!pht hflagekceptBc; rer.t tlk
}:« «EDAtE H^use. US bts-I SCI Ellis rt.— ITt>oms
Dtect 5Sc ta tl. week f 1 25 to $4; open night.
BOTAL Hcus*. 12S Ellis et.-Incandescent ilghT;
•¦ llns-roora. srnokir.s-room and ladles' par-
l^r: Tuomr. per.nirht. ST,o to $1 SO; week. $2 to
i \ : n;'»nth. tS to ti'-; e!«-vator on irround floor-
rf.mg with hot and co!<f water; baths.
E^IEBMAK Apartment House. 2S Eighth st.,
nrar Mirket— Furnished or unfurnished.
FBOTWKLts 4C2— One large runny room, with
boagfl; use of bath; reasonable.
MXTH. !C^-Sunr.y furnished rocms for light
housekeeping; also ether rooms.
A BlUXfiH «fnce for Call advertisirents and
KubtcxtpOor.n !^« Iwn establiFhed at Iftjs Va-
ler.-ia *t,
CLASSIFIED B-Ivcrtisercents and Futorripticns
reor ivei pt rail trarch office. ;y-.> Fillmore si.
noojis axd noAnloI
FinST-CLA?S modern family hotel: very sunny
nv.m*: fine table. 1604 <_'allfornla *t.
iy,'ARD and rooms at 415 First St.. near Har-
LEGAL ADVERTI<SKMENTS~
NOTICIv — Taxes ¦ due upon assessment* made
by the f'tate Board of Equalization — Control-
ler's Department, Ftate cf California, Pac-
ramento, October 9. IS*"*.— In accordance with
th» provlFior.a of Section 36CS of the Political
erode, notice is hereby civen that 1 have rv-
*^-ived ij-om the Pta.te Board of Equalization
the ¦•DLii>l!cat« Record of Assessments cf
Railways" snd the '•Duplicate Record of Ap-
portionment of Railway Asse«?ments," con-
taining the assessments upon the property of
each of the following named associations or
corporations. - • fixed by said Ftate Board of
Equalization for the year 1SO0, to-wit:
Centrel Pacific Railroad Company, Fouth
rhc'.f.r roaft Flatlroad Company, Southern Pa-
cific llallKiad Company, Southern California
Motor Hoad Company. Carson^and Colorado
KaHrca-l Cornrany. California Xorthwettern
Railway CotnpEr.y (lessoes p^n Franclwro anl
North Pacific Railroad*. ?ar ; ta Fe Pacific riail-
mad Compsry. Han Franc!»co and 8an Joaquin
Valley R_ilw«y Comr>» n;-. Potithern California
Itailmay Comt»ar.y. North Pacific Coast rtall-
rrad Company, Pacific Coast Hallway Com-
pany, Pajarr. Valley Consclldated Rall-
rr.ad Company. Nevada County Narrow-
Oaure P.ailroad Company. Nevada-Callfornla-
r>r»iron Uailway Company, Alameda and San
Joaquin KaSirr-ad Company, SJerra Railway
r-crnpany of California, Randsburg Railway
Company. Gcalala River Railroad Company.
Fierra . Valleys Railway Company. California
and Nevada Railroad Company. San Francisco
ar.d Fan Mateo 'Electric) Railroad Company
and Pullman's Palace Car Company. .
Tbe t-tat* and county taxei on all personal
property, and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
I .. -..».-. 1*. _nd will be delinquent on the last
Monday In November next at i o'clock p. m..
end ur.'.ess paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto, E per cent will be tdded
to the arncunt thereof, and unless so paid on
or V**ore the last Monday In April next, at 6
o'clock p. m.. an additional 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining cne-half of the State and
cunty taxes on all real property will be dut
end payable at any time after the first Mon-
day in January next, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday In April anxt, at 6 o'clock
fi. rn., and unless paid to the State Treasurer,
at the Cfcpttoi, prior thereto. 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
_. E. P. COLOAJf. Controller.
TO whom it may concern :" Notice Is hereby
jrlven that I hai-e<!!*T«csed of all my Interest In
the Lcepalmer Rmeur8nt. HS Ma*on et. and
rrr O-FarreN rt., to W. S. MILISICH and
I'KTim -M1SHIVICH. who have obligated
" themselves to i>ay all debitors. I am not re-
rponEible for any of the of cither of the
•aid restaurants. MILAN J* SOSICH.
I>atc-d October 12. XSOO.
KAHROAD TRAVEL.
CALHOBNU NORTHWESTERN RT. CO*
LiESSE3
SAB FBAHCISGO AND NORTH PAGIF13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcaron Ferry. Foot ml Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS-7:S0. l:C0. 11:04 a. ra.; 12:33,
$:30. 8:10. I'.JO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trij»
at 11:J) d. m. Baturdaya^-Bxtra trisa at Ui*
• and 11:30 s. m.
EUNDATS— S:UJ. 9:30. U:00 a. ra.; 1:33. 1:39,
8:00, (:29 d. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 4:10. 7:J0. »:23. 11:10 a. ra. : 15:43,
l:4fl. 5:15 9. m. Satardaya— Extra trips at
1:55 and C:3S D. m.
Bt'NDATS— 8:10. t:43. 11:10 a. ra.; 1:40. 1:40.
5:C5, (:» r. m.
Between Saa Franctsco aad Echnetzea Par'4
wet »chedula cs above. -
L«a.r* I In Eftect. I Arrive
fan Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1300-1 San Fraacisra.
W«*k J Sun- I I Sua- I We«k
Days. I day*. I Destination.) daya. I Day*.
7:30 am 8:00 a in Norato. 10:40 amj *:¦»<> ara
1:33 pm 9:30 arn Petaluma. «:05 pm'10:J5 an*
t:13pm t:0Qpm Santa Roaa. 7:33 pmf »:20 yrn
Fulton. t
1-M am Windsor. 110:3 aa
Hr&ldsburs- I
Lyttofl. I
Oeyserville. I
t:SO pm 8:80 ara Cloverdale. 7:35 pta! 6:3) ym
T:tO ami I Hopland I !10:M arm
>:30 pm| 3:00 amf and T-Tklah. 1 7:33 pm; «:IO pn
T:80 am 13:K as»
3:00 am Cusrrsavllle. 1.35 pn
1:80 pm <:» pa
T:3O am S:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am! S:40 ara
and
t:10pra 8:00 pm Glea Ellea. «:05 pra? t:V> pra
7:30 aso! S:PO ami 110:40 am! 10: 23 ara
1:30 pm! 5:eO pm| Eebaatcpol. { 7:33 pm! f :X0 pm
Etaxes connect at Panta Rosa far Mark Wnt
f prlnrs and White Sulphur Firings: at Fultoa
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
O«TB*nrlll» for Ekagxs Pprlnars: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Kcrlanl for Duncan,
Spring*. Highland Fprlnars. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Boda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
PpriEgj; at Ufclah for Vichy Springs. Saratof*
Prrlnffs. Blae Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Bprlnff*, Vpp*r Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day"», RlTerstde. Ll^rJey's. BncknelVs.
eanhertrin Helghta, Hullville. Crr's Hoe
Bprtsrs. Menaocino City, Fort Brag-?;, tvest-
port, Uial. Willtta, LaTtonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Spring*. Harris, Olsen's. Dy«r, Scot!*
and Eoreka.
Batordar to ilenday r3anl\tr!o tickets ak
reduced rates.
On Bcnday ronnd trip tickets to an poteta
bfyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of flees, K0 Market it.. Chronicle tlis.
H. C WHIT1NO. R. X. RTAN.
Geaeral Mutter. Oen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing i>«ptemb«r so. lDC'i
rROM SAN FRAXCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-<:55. »):15. ll:'jo a. m.. *1:43,
1:13. 4:00. 5:15. »«:15. «:40 p. m.
11XTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Paa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wedneadaya arul Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUN'DAYS-*$:€0, 'WhOO. *U:30 a. ia.. '1.1S,
3:13. •4:45. «:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <*> run to San Quentln.
FlrOM SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY9^-5.25. *<!:3O. 7:45. 9:30 a. rn..
•1J-J0. 1:43. •3:30. 4:30. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Momiars. Wedaesdaya
and Saturdays at «:C and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:20. 11:00. •10:00, *ll:4i a. m.,
•1:40. *3:15. 4:45. *S:3O p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY&-5:43, 8:45. *:3o, 9:S> a. m..
1J-S5 !:10 3:W. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
'-tsXTRJk. TRIPS on Mondays. 'Wednesdays
and- Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:C3, 10:C3 a. m.. 12:05. M3, 3:30.
5;W. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
X:S5 a. m. week days — Ca:ad«ro ar.d way sta-
ticna. 4
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tlCB9.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomalea ana way «a-
tlona.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Saasallta Ferrj •:
WKEK DAYS....»:15 a. m.; ):43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:CO. 11:30 and 1^15 p. rn.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return,
SI 40
i NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
Ticket • Offices. *21 Market gt.. Sain allta Ferry.
'^'//:1^ Gibbon's Dispensary,
fJ^«l™ F| Js» In IMS* ior thetr«r\trnec*ot Private
K__k.'*»7 Diseases. Lust ila:iti»«l L\'*»;i!:y or
InMKieei rll,»ea3e""*sarinK<>ii bodyandminaand
J'yB&i^Q -Skin Dijea.^-5. Tbe doctorcureswhen
-¦•¦ *"" Try him Chnr^eo tovr
1. Caiioiwrita
Dt/J.l'.'blBBOX. Ki>» I!».»T. Sin i-ia::cl«.o
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per Yeas
When ycuntr Stonewall Jackson, one of
the most awkward, ungainly and, seem-
ingly, unpromising youths that the South
has produced, heard of a vacancy at West
Point he immediately went to Washing-
ton, determined to pet the appointment,
and ho got tt. When he reached West
Point the other hoys laughed at him. but
one of them, wiih more penetration than
his companions, said: "That fellow looks
like he's come to stay." He did stay. He
worked hard, economized and saved
enough from his cadet's pay, after cover-
ing all expenses, to buy his sister a silk
dress. The world knows what battle? he
fought, what victories he won. in the last
years of his iife. It was determination
that gave to history this splendid name.—
October Success. ? •
What Determination Did.
fiJLTLBOAD TBAVXIh
WOUTIIKKN irMkVIVIC (OJirA.Nt.
, (rACiric hyrtcm.)
MAM »'¦:%>«'!*«'«».
(Main Line, Foot «t Mark''. Street)
X.KAVK — From October 1, 19C0. — abkitb ;
¦7i«Oa Btnicia. Suienn, Elmlra, YacaTilla,
Kamsey auti hacrmmeuto *~tli*r
•7:«Oa Sh&gta Kjpre**-D*Ti«, Williams (for
BartUtt HprirsB). Willows, Ked
BluS. r<wt:»ud. \ *7i4S*
•7i3O a Martinez. Sau Utiuon. VaJlojo. K»i*.
Cal'.jti g:. ami s»nr» Hosa VttlSr
*S:OOa DftTia, VYoodlaad. Koifihti Landing,
I Maristille, Oroiiile. •7M3r
•i:OH* Atl&utir i:xi>r«ss— Ogdeti and East a 12i4»r
••»:«¦» v KUet, Tricy. Lathrop, Stockton *tf>ISA
•»au« Halt .S.>ae. l.ifertucrc, MUMklmi,
lout, Sacramento. PUcmtllt,
JUriBTillf, Cblco, Ke.ll!lu:r *til.lp
••iSOa O*kd»lr. Chiaese, souora. Carters... *lilSp
•»:«<>» Haywar.ls. Niusand Way Station*. M IlUt
*UittOA Los Angeles Kzprera — M»r;ii.«,
Tracy, Lullirop, H>ocktou. iUrcv.l
l-'remu »i"l I/cs Ar.e«!f3 m 7tlHr
•9::so* Val!r)n, MartbmaM Way Stations 'OUSp
•10:00* Tli- Overland Limited— Ogden, Deo-
»er, O-uah*. Ohicsri *«!-«3»
•1 1:00a Ml-. ». Stockton. rtKeramrnto. Men-
dots, Fresco, Haofvrd, Vhall*.
I'crtenilie ..• MilSf
•11:00a LiTcrmare. B&ager. Gochsn June-
tlon, Bakenfietd, Los Angeles
•I » :Oft m Ilajwartla. Niirs ai>4 Way alatious. *2:4!I»
* tl«»«»l' K.t.:r:»:ii«iil.. !:!«.t Slf,i»«< ?3:OO t
*3iiM»r Hay wards, Nil.n ami Way MSatlom. *3>*3p
"-1:!)(>1- Mnllinvz. Hun lUmiMi. Tallejo,
Nap*. fJalhtnga, Sauta Itoss *»<13*
MiOttr IleuicU. Winters, Sacramento,
WiKxllfiiiil, Ki-Mika Landing.
M.ryiflWc. Orus.-.S,. «IO:«»
MtSOpKiies, Han. IiisbbiiiI Stockton •"«!.•»*
*3:OOpTli0 Owl Limited -Tracy, Fresno.
IUkercaeltl. 8aujrns for .Santa Uu-
bara. Ix>s Aueeles. MOsIS*
•SiOOp Stockton «Ui4»a
•3:O»r New Orl« an* Kipr.-a — H»ktnJ>i.l,
HanU Harltara, L<tt Angtlet, Dem- ;
lug. El Faao, h'ew Orleaui and
Kast ,. »7:«a
•8:OOp nay*ard«, Nile»aud»an Joae *7i4.ta
? «:O«r Vstlicjit *l 3il.1r
•i»if»«i- or>!it»l Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne. "
Omaha. Chicigo »l*i«»
•fl:00p Oriental .Mth-Ogdea. Denier,
Omaha. Chieneo. MilSIp
•7:OOr Nllea, Tracy, I.»throp. Stockton.... *l3:13r
•¦JsOOr Or<r|('»> aua Oalitorula l'ai<r«a.Htg.
ntii:ei.tii, MisTjutillr. KetMtiif,
Vmtliui'!. I'ltgut rioilnil ami K;iH *S:l3i
J1:0.1p Vallrjo, Vutl Cota and Way Sta-
tlmi-i llliO«f
('OAST IMVIMON (ilirnw «U|«),
(Footot MnrketStreat.)
•S:I3a Newark, CMiti-rtljlvSaii .lose, Fflton,
Boulder Creek.ftaiitaOriixanA W»f
BUtlona ••••••
tSiIBF Newark. CenterTllle. San Jcas, X«»
. - .-¦ Alm»rtoD, Felton. llonlderCreak. - .
Hmta Cruz aad Principal Way
Stations ti«ift«A
•f :15p Kerark, Hun Jone. Lw Gatos ¦8:it«^
all:45p Hunters' Exccnton. Ban Jose and
. Way Stations ¦ t~iapp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
frta SIS rRalCISCO— Ftet if itrkil Strut (S.'ij 8)- ¦
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. {1:03 *2:31 {3:31
•i:C3 15::3 •8:I3r.ii.
rr.mO»IU*3~rj9l .'Bta.iwiy.— -«;00 8:00 10:00A.M.
U2C3 , '1:03 |2:C3 *3:C3 H::3 'S.Zlr.u.
COAST IH VISION (Itroad (ancri.
(ThlrJ m f» Townseml Sts.)
*«:IOa ocean Viow, Houtb Han Francisco.. T<»:3ue
*7:«OA Hm Joao ami '?ay SUtlona (.\e»
Almadei- "•Ve.lriSfdajt wily) *llSOp
•VtOO* Siii J<xe. Trrs t'ltio*. HhmU Vint,
lVrilio »Jiii»b. I'aso Ituklel, iian
l.ni.i OMxpat Hnrf. Loispoc and
rriiicit>»I W«r ShiiLiiu .*.... Miinr
•l«i;lo» Ban Jme ami Way Htatlous ....... *1:S.1«
•II::»U »mi Jiise am! Wa-HUllmi »3iaOp
i'4:l5pfian Matro, lleilwood, Mfulo Park,
raid Alto. SautaCUra. Sau Joss,
. Tres Ploos. Santa Cmx. Skliuaa,
Mwnerrj »...! Pacific Grove 1l«:3i» 4
t:i:H«r >-su.Ii»eeari.i Way Ktatlims «7iS»p
tl«' R r S»u Jn«e mil Principal U'aySutlons "J:I3«
t3:OOp3an Jose, Leu Gatos aud i'riudpal
Way HUtlons 49:00*
•¦t:3l*r ftan-luso *:i.l Princfnal Way .Stations *»:3.1a
•«:.".ilr9i!iJos-»iiil Way Sutimu H«ci,
3H:4.'»r Siii.log-sainl Way Statlum «7 : 3 n :-
A for Morniitg I' fur Afternoon.
• Daily. . t .•liiii>Ur exc«iited. 1 Samlay cn!y.
9 "'Ely.
Santa Fe
Trains— Da»y
Leave Mark«t*atraet Ferry Depot.
Lvt. Ban Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p a 1:00 p a
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:04 p ta
" Merced t:41 p m — — — 1:1S % n»
" Fresno ........ 4:20 p m J:05 a m
" VlKalla (.-00 pm 4:50 a ra
*• Tulare 6:22 pm 5:10 a ia
. "' Hanford 5:33 p a. *:« a m
"t Bakersfleld ... I:Mpm 7:W a ra
" . Denver 10:00 a m .
" Kansas City... t:lS p m
** Chicago 7:40 a ml
j 9 a. m. train ls tb« Overland Express. Corre*
¦ponding- train arrives at ( p. no. daily. *
4:10 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily. .
8:00 p. m. ls Fresno and BakersDeld Express.
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspcnd-
lns train arrives at S a. m. dally. >
OFFICES-641 Market st. and In Ferry Depot.
Eao.Francl2«;_iUi.Eraailjax k _j5aiias4
SPECIAL NOTICES. |
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. E5S0,
ROOMS papered from J2 50; whitened, Jl up;
painting dene. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWI.VC 3IACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re- t
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth, j
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1315 Mission, nr. !5th.
STOItAGn AXD WAHEHOISES.
BEKINS Vsn and Storage Co., 712 Mission St.;
teL Main 1M0; shipping at cut rates.
WIL>0N BROS., storage and moving; co'vered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South "62.
PACIFIC Ptoraee and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2*20 Killmore st. ; phone Jackson 2>1.- ]
SLOT MACHINES. j
BOUGHT and HI; new and second-hand: large j
display: very cheap. S27 Market, room 220.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAIN'S IN TYPEWRITERS— We
8*1! better machines for less money than any
boost in UM city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Mai:i 265.
ALWAYS barcair.s in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
lie Montgomery st.
DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend^ NoT'h (25c per
share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. No. 227 Market *t.. on and after
Saturday. October 20. 1900. Transfer bocks
will close on Saturday. October 13. 1900. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON'.. Secretary-.
MAHRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Joseph Trcwartha. 22. Sonora. and Beatrice
1 Cope. '-1. 114 Page street.
Frank J. Connolly. 2fi. 2IS Eighth street, and
: Jes-ne Butler. 19. "Mendota.
' Charles Brunone, S9, Birds Landing, and
Laura 1>lfs, "\ city.
! Eugene W. La Riviere. 23. San Andreas, and
Nettie M. Peirano. 19. San Andreas.
1 EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will net be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b«
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published:
BORX.
DRAEGER— In this city. September 29, 1900, to
the wife cf K. H. Draeger, a daughter.
GUNDONA— In this city, September 30, 1900, to
the wife of Charles F. Gundona, a son.
TYSON— In this city. October 7, 1200, to the
wife of George H. Tyson, a daughter.
ZICKEL— In South San Francisco. October 11,
l;>00. to the wife of John W. Zickel, a daugh-
ter.
MARRIED.
DAVIS— LOUGHERT— In San Jose, February
23, lyO". by Justice of the Peace E. M. Rosen-
thai. Walter C Davis and Mary Lougbery.
both cf Oakland, Cal.
LAM YOW— LOW MOY QUA-In this city, j
October 8, 130$, by the Rev. F. K. Baker.
Lam Yow ar.d Low Moy Qua.
! PEARSON- NC1SAT- In this city. September
I 2J, liVi, b<- the Rev. Father C. McMahon,
Ferdinand I. Pearson and Julia L. Nolsat,
I both of :ian Francisco.
Anderson. Caroline Martin. Willard P.
Barnett. Richard H. Parmeter. Mattie
Bullard. Hazel L. Payson, Christine
Costello.yJoseph M. Peterson, Isabel
Cripps, Margaret Reilley, Francis
Doane. Charlotte Riley, Minnie
Dolan. Mervyn J. Roberts. Lydia
Ely, Sarah G. B. P.yan, Mark J.
Gibr.ey, Jennie Schultz. William H. -
Graner, Fredericka Shadier, Ella
Heizman, George H. Sullivan. Margaret
Iversen. Georse W. Sullivan. Mattnew J.
Johnston. Elizabeth Walker. Mrs. Lucy
Long, Michael R. Wiese. Vera
McNearney, Bridget
1 ANDERSON— In this city, October 10, 1900,
! <'nn>line Anderson, a native of Sweden, aged
i J2 years.
BARNETT— In this city, October 12, 1300, Rich- !
ard Henry Barnett, a native of Sacramento, j
Cat., aged 33 years and ? months.
CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow j
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of j
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7S7 Mission street,
thence to st. Joseph's Church for services at |
2 o'clock. Interment Maunt Calvary Ceme-
tery. I
BL"LLARD-In this city. October 11. 1900. Hazel
i L.. beloved daughter of Samuel and Mary
Ellen Dullard, and granddaughter of James
j and the late Bridcet Nelson and Lucy and j
) the late William Bullard, a native of Ean 1
• Francisco, aged I years 1 month and 29 days. :
C^-KricTids and acquaintances are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
I cf hfr grandfather. James Nelson, 275 Shipley
i Etrect, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
i Hcly Cress Cemetery-
¦ COSTELLO— In this city. October 10, 1300, at
hie residence, D Julian avenue, Joseph M.,
dearly beloved son of Bridget and the late
John Costello. and brother of Catherine Cos-
tello. Mrs. Daniel Fheehan, Mn». Joseph W.
McTigue and the late Lawrence J. and John
F. Ostcllo, a native of San Francisco, aged
; 2S years and 2 days. A member of Franklin
Lodge No. 44. A. O. U. W.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Saturday), at S:S) o'clock, from his late resl-
[ dence, 1$ Julian avenue, thence to Mission
Dolores "Church, where a solemn requiem
j mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
i eouI. commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
i Mount Calvary Cemetery.
I CRIPPS— In th:s city, October 12. 1500, Mar-
garet, youngest and beloved daughter of
I Thomas and Louis* Cripps, and sister of May,
Marie. Lulu and Consuelo Cripps, a native of
Kan Kraneisco, aged 2 years and 6 months.
CTTrieniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral thia day
< Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 654 Natoma street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DOANE— In West Berkeley, October 11. 1900,
Charlotte, beloved wife of William Doane,
daughter of Mrs. Cecil Ehret, sister of Mrs.
O. C. Grindell and Antone. Eugene and Char-
ley Khret^ and niece of Anatolle Ehret, a na-
1 tive of San Francisco, aged 25 year*.
C7Friend£ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12'30 o'clock, from the mother's
residence. 1511 'Fifth street. West Berkeley.
thcr.ee to Odd Fellows' Crematorium, by way
of i o'clock creek boat.
i DOt-AN— In this city, October 12, 1S00, at the
'¦. tiarents' residence, . li>2 California avenue,
iicrvyn Joseph, beloved eon of John and'
i Mamie Dolan, a native of San Francisco,
1 aped 10 months and 7 days.
, ELY— In this city. October 12, 1900, Sarah G.
R., beloved wife of the late G. S. B. Ely,
i and mother of George, James, William and
j David Ely. a native of England, aged 48
i years and 11 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
11. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. P. Cemetery.
G1I5NEY— In this city. October IL 1900, Jennie
Gibney, sister of Annie. Mary and Delia Glb-
ney and Mrs. Frank Priest, a native of
County Cavan. Ireland, aged 19 years.
C7The funeral will take place thia day
(Saturday), at 8;30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
rose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
IMMACULATE Conception Sodality of St.
Mary's Cathedral will please attend In a
body. By order of the President.
GRANER— In Oakland. October 11. 1900 Fred-
ericka Graner. dearly beloved wife of Charles
Graner, and Another of Mrs. John and Mrs
Jame.x Treadwell, Mrs. F. Boeekmann. Mrs.
Q. Hlnk and Charles and Adolph Graner, a
native of Germany, aged 77 years and 8
month*.
C3Tr1endB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of James Treadwell, Broadway and
Clifton street, Oakland. Interment I. O O.
F. Cemetery. San Francisco, by 1 o'clock
creek route beat.
HEIZMAN— In this city, October 10, 1900.
George Henry, dearly beloved husband of
Martha Heizman. father of Lottie and George
Ileizman Jr.. beloved eon of Mairdalena. and
the late John Helzman. and brother of Mrs.
K Grabau Mrs. E. . Goeckerltz of Santa
Clara and Mrs. George Strlppel. a native of
San Francisco, aged Jl years 9 months and 20
member of Gesellschaft Teutonia.
. *tr r yt, n<1 2 and a CQualntanceB are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thib day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
«?."• I'i N » oe slren ' b< * we en Fourteenth and.
Hfteenth. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
IVERSEX-October IL 1S00, George W., dearly
beloved husband of Mary D. Iversen. father
2f, < ? lad ' rB Anita Iversen. son of Mr. and Mrs.
Niels Iversen. and brother of Mrs. Annie M.
Johnson, Mrs. H. C. Jensen and Charles M..
litNRV a. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mbt.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEPJ.
tt Ftltfa at., opposite Lincoln School.
Tclefiaone South to.
! 1-^,-J Wf'jy f> JDJH« 't»" ]¦¦¦¦ u,,—^-^ ¦ I,,.,, .
¦ I f v a"! H 1 1 h i 1 M I f J **i^^^B^Ti^^M^i^^rX^
EXCELSIOR Circle No. 2. C. of F. of A.— The
officers and members are hereby ordered to
attend the funeral cf our 'late companion,
Mrs. C. Anderson, from American Hall, third
floor. Alcazar building, this day (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock.
MRS. N. E. SMITH, C. C.
THOMAS SEWELL. Fin. Sec.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
WALKER— In Oakland, October 12. 1500, Mrs.
Lucy Walker, widow of the late A. G.
Walker, and mother of Lueile A. and Lillian
E. Walker, a native cf London, England,
aged 3S years and 9 months.
WIESE-In this city. October 11. 1900. Vera,
dearly beloved daughter of Fredtriek and
Pnphie Wiese. and sister of Mrs. Alfred Pow-
ell and Pauline. Sophie. Hattie. Lillle. Fred
and Loretta Wiese. a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years 10 months and 10 days.
irTTripnd!" and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 706 Brannan street, thence to St.
Rose"* Ch'jrch. where a requiem hi«:h mass
will be celebrated for the repope of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. October 12. 1900. Mat-
thew J. Pullivan, a native of San Francisco,
aeed 43 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October IS, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 707 Green street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, October IL 1900, Mar-
paret, beloved wife of the late Michael Sulli-
van, and mother of Joseph and John Sulli-
van. Mrs. A. Hopkins. Mrs. M. Welby and
the late Mrs. E. Flynn and Michael Sullivan.
. a native of County Cork. Ireland, aged 75
years. (Boston, Mass., and Wisconsin papers
please COJjy .)
G7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral Monday,
October 15, at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1611 Vallejo street, .thence to St.
Briirid's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his scml, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHULTZ— In this city. October 12. 1900. Wil-
liam H., beloved son of George F. and May
Schultz, a native of Ean Francisco, aged 3
months and 12 days.
EPADIER— In this city. October 12, 1900, Ella
* Spadier, beloved wife of Peter Soadler.
mother of Georsriana Spadier. and sister of
Mrs. A. Smith. Mrs. G. V. tThl and Ada Hlg-
gins, a native of Buffalo. N. T.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the services
to-morrow (Sunday), at -1:30 o'clock, at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In this city. October 12, 1300, Lydia
Roberts, beloved mother of Mrs. Emma H.
VahlbuEch, Mrs. Lydia J. F. Hale. Mrs. May
W. E. Hale and Alice Roberts, a native of
England, aged 62 years and 11 months.
C^Funcral and Interment private. Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city, October 12. 1900, Mark J.,
beloved husband of Kitty Ryan, father of
Kdna Ryan, son of Mar)' and the late Thomas
Ryan, and brother of Pete E. and Daniel M.
Ryan. Mrs. Sarah Houston and Thomas Ryan,
a native cf San Francisco, aged 33 years and
"2 days.
CTInterment Mount Calvary Cemetery this
day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the
parents' residence. 25S Clinton Park.
REILLEY— In this city, October 11. 1900, Fran-
cis Reilley, beloved husband of Sadie Reilley,
a native of California, aged 40 years 1 month
and 20 da;-s.
RILEY-In this city. October 11. 1500, Minnie,
beloved wife of Edward A. Riley, daughter
of Mrs. M. Geerdts, and sister of Mrs. May
Bodie and W. F. and Albert Geerdts, a na-
tive of Iowa, aged 31 years 2 months and 27
days. (Davenport, Ia., and Seattle papers
please copy.)
ESTInterment private.
PETERSON— In this city, October 10. 1900, Isa-
bel, dearly beloved daughter of George W.
and Mary Peterson, sister of George, Irene,
Robert. Adelaide, Verna and Harold Peter-
son, and granddaughter of the late Daniel
and Elizabeth O'Nell. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 14 years 11 months and"! day.
E^Xotice of funeral hereafter.
PARlfETER— At Lake Tahoe, October 11, 1300,
Mattie Parmeter, beloved wife of J. E. Par-
meter, aged 63 years 8 months and 27 days
(Bridgeport, Santa Clara and Placerville
papers please copy.)
PAYSON— In San Mateo. October 11. 1300,
Christine, daughter of Captain and Mrs. A.
H. Payson, aged 14 years and 10 months.
CtT'The funeral will take place this .day
(Saturday), from the Church of the Assump-
tion, Tomales, v Marin County, where a high
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pnse of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Holv Cemetery. Tomalcs. Remains
will be at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor &
Co., 7C7 Mission street, until Saturday morn-
ing.
MARTIN— In East Oakland, October 12, 1900,
Willard P., beloved husband of Lillian F.
Martin, and only son of N. H. Martin of
Halfmoon Bay. a native of California, aged
40 years and 24 days. A member of Unity
Lodge No. 13lf I. O. O. F.; Golden Gate
Camp No. 64. Woodmen of the World.; Hes-
perian Parlor Xo. 137, N. S. G. W.
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ln\-Ited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday).- at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 12 Heron street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McNEARNEY— In this city, October 10, 1M0,
Bridget, relict of the late Martin McNearney.
and sister of Thomas Sahey. a native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged 57 years and S
months.
Iver and Arthur Iversen, a native of San
Francisco, aged 36 years 3 months and 7 days.
CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:45
o'clock, from Ked Men's Hall. 320 Post street,
under the auspices of the Master Mariners'
Association. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of the
California Undertaking Company, 405 Powell
street, near Post,
JOHNSTON— In this city, October 12. 1900.
Klizabeth, beloved wife, of Captain Robert
Johnston, and mother of R. H. and Andrew
L. Johnston and Mrs. William Nankervla, a
native of Swansea, Wales, aged 06 years 6
months and 24 days.
LONG— In this city, October 11. 1900, Michael
Roy, beloved son of Charles H. and Minnie
E. Long, and grandson of Mrs. Peter Law-
ler, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 5
months and 13 days.
The latest and best march.
| ever printed.
Made a great hit in the
'. East.
Get it while it is new.
* Free with next Sunday's
• Call..J!?*" 1 °f Public Works. J223O; Sheriffs office.
VZM; Justice's clerk, 13500: Board of Health.
»»: Registrar, 1330: Civil Service Commlwion:
1400; Tax Collector. J500; Justices of the Peace
J75O; Grand Jury, $300.
The Board of Public Works has asked
the Board _ of Supervisors to set aalda
$10,600 to fit up the City Hall (not Includ
ing furniture) for occupation by various
boards and courts. The alterations neces
sary in the departments that are to
change their quarters are as follows:
Refitting of City's Offices.
The Chicago Tailoring: Co. tats removed to 113
and 115 Grant ave. Credit. •
keepers over this movement, but tha
union Is in hopes of winning out when
the time comes. The Sailors" Union re
ported that the master of the South Port
land, a vessel now at Skaguay. had
forced his crew abcard with the assist
ance of marines of tlje revenue service
The sailors" agents at Seattle were noti
fied to be on the lookout for the vessel
when she arrives at that port. Secretary
Rosenberg claims to have caught S£
Friedman & Co. In a deal of shuffle In
•which it -was purchasing goods from the
unfair house of M. Slmonoff & Co. con
trary to a promise not to do so. 8. N 1
Wood & Co. notified the council that they
will strictly adhere to their agreement to
patronize none but union hands.
The Labor Council last night admitted
the cloakmakers. who received their
charter from the International Ladles*
Garment Workers'. Union, the Journey
men Bakers, and the Retail Clerks. The
Retail Clerks are busy agitating a move
ment for early closing to begin on Janu
ary 1 next It was stated that there is
considerable friction among the store-
Th.e Labor Council.
. Harvey A. Yingling of Hagerstown,
Md., a young man who came to this city
a few months agro'ln search of health,
died last Tuesday morning In the City and
County Hospital, many miles from home
ana friends. His case was brought to
the attention of the Young, Men's Chris
tian Association a few weeks ago, since
which time this organization has minis
tered to his needs. His funeral was con
ducted under the auspices of the associa
tion yesterday morning. Rev. E. H.
Avery, D. D., pastor of Westminster
Presbyterian Church, officiating. He was
buried in Laurel • Hill Cemetery. The
following young men from the associa
tion acted as pallbearers: M. C. Gates
J. D. Van Etton. M. C. O'Brien and F. A.
Jackson. " %t ¦"«
&r~~ .
There is no headace In Jesse Moore whiskey.
That's because It is pure.
Died Far From Home.
"The Progress of the American Negro"
is the subject of a lecture Henry Wein
stock of Sacramento will deliver at the
A. M. E. Church at £05 Stockton street
to-morrow evening. The lecture is free.
Negroes Rise His Theme.
This favorite steamer, under command of
Captain Lawless, will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming Islands of the
South Seas have been reached by Failing vessels,
requiring 30 to « days, but the time of new
steamship service will be 10ft days. Ask for
particulars of the low excursion rate at 643
Market street. •
The Australia for Tahiti.
The drop In the local field, however, is
one of the sharpest and quickest which has
occurred In some time, and memories of
past big deals created not a little excite
ment. ¦ -l
BBAKEMAN DIES ON
THE OPERATING TABLE
Cliarles Jones, Run Over by an En
gine at Suisun, Succumbs to
His Injuries.
Charles E. Jones, a brakeman employed
by the Southern Pacific Company, died
at the railroad hospital In this city last
Thursday night immediately after his left
leg had been amputated. Jones was run
over by an engine at Suisun station on
Thursday afternoon and his left leg was
crushed under one of the wheels. Ho was
taken at once to the railroad hospital
and It was found necessary to perform
the operation. The unfortunate man died
from the shock. He was only 30 years
old and resided with his family at 1503
Eighth street, Oakland.
Coroner Cole was notified of .the death,
but he accepted the physician's certificate
and waived an Inquest.
T. I. Fltzpatrick, a young lawyer well
and favorably known to the bench and
bar of San Francisco, has been selected
as Democratic candidate for Justice of the
Peace. He should receive tHe support of
citizens Irrespective of party. •
¦ ? ¦
Synodical Society to Msot.
The annual meeting . of the Woman's
Synodlcal Society of California will take
place In San Francisco and Berkeley on
the 17th and ISth of October. In San
Francisco the meeting wil be held in
Calvary Church, corner of Powell and
Geary streets, - Across the bay the Meth
odist Church at Allston way and Fuiton
street will be used for the purpose. The
reading of papers and reports will com
mence at 30 a. m. and continue without
interval till. 4 p. m.
¦ ? ¦ — [
Ladies' tailor-made suits, t Ilk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 626 Sutter. •
Sudden Death of a Letter-Carrier.
Francis Riley, a letter carrier residing
at 432 Shotweil street, died suddenly last
Monday of a< fractured skull. He had
been suffering for a long time with
Brlght's disease of the kidneys and had
a dizzy spell and fell to the sidewalk
while going his rounds. His head came
violently In contact with the pavement
and his skull was broken.' Coroner Cole
waived an. Inquest. -
• Trunks & traveling. bags. Before buying see
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co., 123 Ellis."
The source of the manipulation was
found to be at Chicago, where the only
perceptible movement was. Foreign mar
kets had declined a trifle, but not enough
to cause apprehension. Eastern markets
were steady and local dealers are at a
loss to understand the downward tendency
of the Chicago market. Speculation was
rife, but explanations were not forthcom
ing. It was stated on the street that the
Chicago liquidation really meant nothing
other than a local fluctuation and that
the' market will at once restore itself.
Considerable excitement was created in
local commercial circles yesterday by a
sharp drop In wheat. There seemed to
be nothing In local or foreign conditions
to warrant the sudden decline. On the
contrary, Information which was supposed
to be, accurate indicated the promise of a
steady market and a gradual but safe ad
vance. Local dealers were at a loss, there
fore, to account for the drop, and when
they did discover the source of the down
ward movement they were more than ever
at a loss to explain it. They believe now,
however, that the market will qulckly
regaln its strength and that the manipu
lators who accomplished their little deal
yesterday have done all that is in their
power to do. -s
The decline was almost exclusively In
near futures, the others remaining prac
tically without disturbance. May wheat,
for example, closed on Thursday at 106*i
and closed yesterday at 106%. a practically
Immaterial decline. December wheat, on
the other hand, fell 3Mj points during the
day and sp9culators began to look for
cover. December wheat closed on Thurs
day at lQlYs and closed yesterday at 91%,
a drop of ZVz points.
Speculators Are at a Loss to Explain
Sudden Decline — Temporary
Excitement in Commer
cial Circles.
Sympathy With Chicago Re
sults in Sharp Drop in
Near Futures.
WHEAT TUMBLES
IN LOCAL MARKET
Only one or two bills were put Into
shape, the perfecting of the others being
left to special committees that will meet
this morning. Fourteen of the fifteen
members of the special committee
appointed by State Superintendent
Kirk In San Jose last month were pres
ent, In addition to the regular executive
board.
Several of the proposed bills brought
out some sharp discussions, particularly
the one relating to consolidation of
rural school districts. By this arrange
ment it is planned to materially reduce
the cost of maintaining the rural schools.
The Idea is to, have the building centrally
located and conducted on a larger scale
•than most rural schools. By consolidat
ing It will be necessary to provide free
transportation for those pupils who live
a considerable distance from the school,
and it Is a question whether this added
expense would not very nearly offset the
economy resulting from consolidation.
Other questions to be shaped into bills
for legislative action include the election
of .Trustees in April Instead of "June; the
appointment of teachers between May
and June, and If the appointments are not
made during this time the teachers last in
charge to hold over; consolidation of rural
school districts, and transportation of pu
pils to a central school; an amendment to
the constitution so as to give high schools
recognition as a part of the State educa
tional system, and an amendment per
mitting the appointment of more mem
bers of the Board of Regents for the com
trol and government of the State Normal
schools.
Several matters of considerable import
ance to school affairs were taken up, one
of the principal questions being an
amendment to the compulsory school at
tendance law, which will be further ar
gued to-day. The amendment will follow
closely the law In force In New York and
Massachusetts, which provides for the or
ganization of parental schools to taken
care of truant pupils. Regular truant of
ficers are employed, whose duty It Is to
keep track of would-be runaways and If.
after being probated, the offending pupil
does not reform, he is sent to a truant
school fcr punishment.
The executive committee of the State
Educational Commission and the County
and City Superintendents of this State
were In session at the Palace Hotel all
yesterday afternoon. New bills on educa
tional matters, to be presented to the
next Legislature, were discussed, and
another session will be held to-day to
complete the unfinished work.
Amendments to the Compulsory At
tendance Statute Discussed and a
Rural District Consolidation
Plan Outlined.
State Commission Executive
Committee Meets, at
Palace Hotel.
EDUCATORS FRAME
NEW SCHOOL LAWS
The Iroquois Club members held their
weekly meeting last night at Pythian
castle. J. Oreana of Santa Barbara and
Ralph Holtt of Los Angeles addressed the
meeting. They reported the situation as
being promising.
Iroquois Club Meets.
At Pythian Castle last night a Stephen
V. Costello Club was organized, of which
Cleveland L. Dam is the president and
Stephen Potter the secretary. The club
will hold regular meetings. The club
headquarters will be at 330 Pine street.
Costello Club Was Organized.
Dr. Charles L. Morgan, City Toxlcolo
glst, offers to lay $100 against $200 that he
can name three States that gave a plu
rality for Bryan in 1896 that will give a
plurality for McKlnley this year. He says
this offer has been standing for a week
and he has not been able to find a taker.
No Bryan Money in Sight.
General Clark E. Carr, who spoke at
Metropolitan Temple last night, is ac
companied on his campaigming trip by
Mrs. Carr. He has spoken at San Ber
nardino, Pomona and Fresno and he will
speak to-nl&ht at Stockton. To-morrow he
will leave for Oregon, in which State
he will deliver several addresses.
General Can's Itinerary.
The Young Men's Republican Uniform
Club held a high jinks and meeting at
their armory, 831 Howard street, last
night. Speeches were made by Dan O'Con
nor, Charles Heppler and James Heaney.
The officers of this club are: President,
Joseph Hughes; vice president, Ed Walsh;
secretary, James Ferry; treasurer, Pat
rick Deasy; sergeant at arms, Charles
Heppler.
Republican Young Men Meet.
The West End Democratic Club met last
evening at the corner of Rose and Baker
streets and indorsed the nomination of
Bert Schlesinger for Assemblyman in the
Thirty-eighth District. John J. Sullivan
and J. Pue addressed the meeting, speak
ing highly of Schlesinger and nominating
him for Congress from the Fifth District
for two years hence.
West End Democrats.
The Sailors' Union of the Pacific at Its
meeting on last Monday night declined to
be swayed by the action of the Labor
Council, which body at a previous meet
ing denounced Judge Daingerfield for a
decision rendered some time ago In the
case of Hess vs. Typographical Union No,
21 of San Francisco. The reasons pro and
con were thrashed over by the Sailors'
Union at the meeting, and the members
by a vote decided not to be bound by the
resolutions of the council In this respect.
?
Will Not Knife Daingerfield.
Hackmen Are JWot in Politics.
The officers of the Hackmen s Assocla-
tlon have issued the following statement
concerning the acts of one who is using
the name of their union for political pur
poses:
Information has come to the Hackmen's
Union that there Is a party who gives his name
as Paterson soliciting subscriptions from the
candidates running for municipal office, on be
half of said union, stating 1 that ho is In a po
sition to secure for the candidates the indorse
ment of the union.
The Hackmen's Union wants it distinctly un
derstood that they are organized for mutual
protection only and have no affiliation with
any political party, neither do they permit po
litical discussions to take place within their
meeting rooms.
They will consider it a favor If the candi
date next approached will turn the rascal over
to the police and the union will prosecute him
at their own expense.
" WM. McLAUGHLIX, President.
J. DOWLING, Secretayr.
C. J. Haggerty, well known lawyer and
life long Democrat, cannot endure Bryan-
Ism. He announces his intention to vote
for President McKinley.
Prosperity Due to
Protective
Tariff.
GENERAL CLARK E. CARR DELIVERS
TELLING BLOW5 AGAINST THE FALSE
ISSUE RAISED BY BRYAN DEMOCRACY
Great Meeting at
Metropolitan
Temple.
General Clark E. Carr. the veteran cam
paigner, addressed a great meeting In
Metropolitan Temple last night. He put
himself in friendly relations with his au
dience at the very beginning of his speech
and held their Interest and sympathy
throughout.
Generous In sentiment toward his polit
ical opponents. General Carr used good
natured sarcasm with telling effect and
he repeatedly provoked rounds of ap
plause by the use of homely Illustrations
and quaint expressions.
The stage was occupied mainly by the
officers and tome of the prominent mem
bers of the Grand Army posts of San
Francisco and near-by towns, to the num
ber of 150, who were the vice presidents
of the meeting. The audience was notably
high class and contained many of the old
g-uard of the Republican party. At least
a third cf those present were women.
General E. S. Salomon, formerly of Il
linois and an old friend of General Carr.
presided. By way of Introduction of the
speaker of the evening he said:
"This Imposing assemblage Is a refuta
tion of the charge that the Republican
party is apathetic In this campaign. Re
publicanism Is synonomous with patriot
ism, and a patriot will not be derelict
when his country's future Is at stake. I
&m here to introduce a gentleman who
can speak much more eloquently on the
issues of the campaign— a gentleman from
Illinois, where true Republican principles
are cherished. It is my pleasure to intro
duce Mr. Clark E. Carr."
GENERAL CASH'S ADDRESS.
Th.e Tariff, Free Silver and Imperial
ism Treated by the Speaker.
As General Carr stepped to the front Of
the platform the audlencp broke Into ap
plause that lasted for several minutes.
When It had subsided he spoke as fol
lows:
Ladles and Gentlemen: Tou can Imagine
Trhat a charm It Is to us to come from the
older State* to lock lr.to.the faces of our kin
dred who have preceded us to the Pacific Coast.
I have met bo rrany of my oil friends from
Illinois that It seems to me that I am at home.
There Is a beautiful sympathy, reaching from
Illinois to California, which is a bond between
the Eaft and the \V«st. which all th« powers
of the earth cannot destroy. This Is the
Union, the union of the hearts of the people.
What of our commercial future? We have
200.000 tQuare miles of coal. To-day we take
out vastly more coal than England, and we
125ft it all. while England sells a third of hers.
Fo with Iron; we manufacture more steel than
England. In textile fabrics we have passed
England. In brains and brawn we excel. Our
artisans produce twice as much per capita as
England's; that Is why we are getting the
markets of the world.
It was not all of the time In the last thirty
years that this progress waa being made. In
t'.-.at time there have Intervened two Demo
cratic administrations. I remember the tariff
tfflfkcriSMK of tfcat first administration and the
t'liehxir.g influence it had on the industries of
tt* country. I remember how one man met
tie Morriron bill and fought It, and met the
Mills bill and foupht It. Every time the coun
try ha*= turned neainst the advice of this man
and accepted Democratic doctrine there has
b^en hard times, and every time the people
have followed the lead of William McKlnley
there has been prosperity.
I have »wn traveling through the orange
grovei of Southern California until it seemed
to me there was nothing on earth but oranges.
Before leaving my home town of Galesburg I
inaulred and found that forty car loads of
orances were distributed from Galesburg last
year. In 1S?5 there were but fifteen car loads
distributed from there. People could poorly af
ford luxuries then.
You remember how those times were and yet
they ask you to come back and vote the Dem
ocratic ticket. The mills were closed or run
ning half time. How many tourists did you
have out litre? You had a few Democratic
orators ar.i that was all.
Railroad freight receipts fell off half and
passf-r.gfr receipts more. Farm products fell
off in price to a like degree, and that Is where
It etruek us In Illinois. Livestock was down
In price. Hogs v.ere not worth anything.
Everything was a drug on the market.
The Democrats adopted the Wilson bill. When
Mr. Wilson made his final speech Just before
the bill was to be passed a big, brawny man
rushed forward, and, seizing Wilson in his
arms, carried him In triumph to the cloak
room. That man was William Jennings Bryan.
Mr. Gompers has said that the terrible period
or misery and want beglr.r.lr.g In 1S33 ended
with the vear ISJ7. The dawning of that new
period was the election of William McKlnley.
They say that times are still hard because a
strike is on. Did you ever hear of men striking
when they were out of a Job?
Now. there Is prosperity everywhere. You
say will it continue? I say it will continue
if William McKir.ley is re-elected.
When I came home at the close of President
""Westward the cause of empire takes Its way;
The four first acts already past.
A fifth shall close the drama with the day;
Time's noblest offspring- is the last."
STEVENSON NOT COMING.
Democratic Meetings in Assembly
Districts Arranged for Next Week.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee has been trying to get the national
committee to send Adlai E. Stevenson to
the coast, but definite word has been re
ceived that he cannot be sent. It is bare
ly possible that ex-Governor Pattison of
Pennsylvania iray be heard by California
audiences before the close of the cam
paign.
The Democratic County Committee has
arranged several district meetings for
next week.
A meeting will be held Monday night at
Teutonla Hall, on Howard fetreet near
Ninth, for the Thirty-first and Thirty
ninth Assembly districts.
The Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth
Assembly districts win have a meeting
Tuesday evening at Mowry Hall, Laguna
and Grove streets, and the Thirty-second
District will have a meeting at 530 Third
street.
The Forty-third Assembly District
Democrats will hold a rally "Wednesday
night at California Hall.
The Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth
Assembly districts will hold a Joint meet
ing Thursday night at 824 Howard street.
Joseph Plunkett, candidate for State Sen
ator, and other candidates will speak.
On Friday night the Forty-fourth and
Forty-fifth district Democrats will have a
rally at Bersaglierl Hall.
Jefferson Democrats Meet
The Jefferson Democratic Club of the
Thirty-first Assembly District held a
meeting last night at Trades Hall. A
number of aspirants for various offices
addressed the club on the merits of their
candidacy. Among them were Porter
Ashe, Superior Judge Lauior, D. S.
O'Brien, Louis A. Ward, candidate for
Senator In the Twenty-third Senatorial
District, and R. Sullivan. Charles As
mussen arraigned the present administra
tion for Its alleged policy of imperialism
and brief addresses were also made by
Tim Treacy, James Bowlan. John C. Hee
nan. Resolutions were adopted condemn
ing the methods of the leaders of the
Democratic party in this city. "
Campaign Notes.
Judge George H. Bahrs has resolved to
enter the local campaign as a candidate
for re-election to the office of Superior
Judge. A petition with the required num
ber of signatures will be filed In time to
Insure his name a place on the ticket.
Harrison' ¦ administration I found everybody
busy. In the columns of the paper I found
"wanted, wanted, wanted"— men wanted In the
factories, in the mines, on the farms. I thought
It was not possible that the people could turn
against an administration that had given them
such good times. But arguments such as the
Democrats are presenting now prevailed, and
Cleveland was elected. Distress and want and
misery were the result.
AMERICANS FOHGET.
The trouble with the American people Is that
when they are prosperous they forget their own
Interests, and If McKlnley falls of election It
will be because of this apathy. *
Tou need not worry about Illinois. Don't
worry about the prairies. They are all right
and will back tip California with the old Re
publican majorities. We had Altgeld rour
years and we have him with us yet aa an ex
amrle.
They try to throw dust in our eyes. Mr.
Bryan said hard times would follow the gold
standard— and you can always rely upon Bryan
a* a prophet. The opposite of what he prophe
sies always comes true. We have come to the
gold standard and we are proeperpus. AVe have
continued to coin silver, more than ever. The
Democrats say unlimited coinage of silver. We
say coin as much as you can, but keep It in
check and only coin as much as you can and
keep It at par.
Mr. Bryan insisted that he would not be a
candidate unless 16 to 1 was Inserted. I know
Mr. Bryan too well and I esteem him too much
to believe that h* would accept election on that
platform and not do all in his power to bring
about free coinage. There Is no question but
that he could unsettle the finances of this coun
try- Senator Allison and Secretary Gage have
shown how he could practically bring us to a
silver basle in four years. If you want our
prosperity all turned over again and changed
to want vote for William Jennings Bryan.
But to throw dust in our eyes they have
brought up another issue. I want to read you
a plank from the Democratic platform. (Read-
Ing.) Do you Democrats approve of that?
(Voices, "Tes. Tes, it Is the beet in the plat
form.") Why. ray friends, you Indorse that.
and It is in the platform that was directed
against General Grant, that hero who had not
the least of the spirit of Imperialism. You
approve it and do not know It from the anti
imperialistic plank of the Kansas City piat
fcrm.
Senator Hoar denounced Mr. Bryan for se
curing the adoption of the treaty of peace by
which we acquired the Philippines. Without
Mr. Bryan's aid the treaty could not be ap
proved. He gave that a!d and then turned
and has been preaching Imperialism ever since.
It looks as if he thought free s!l\-er was get
ting a little sick.
The Spanish war began and there was Bent
to Dewey at Hongkong this message. "Find
and capture or destroy the Spanish fleet." Was
ever so terse an order sent or vo brilliantly
carried out? The man who wrote that, as
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, was Teddy
Roosevelt.
The President knew what war wan. and tried
to avoid It. I was told the other aay by
General Harrison Gray Otis that he himself
once partook of coffee carried along the firing
line, a thing unprecedented, by Lieutenant
William MeKinley. When Sheridan made, his
famous ride he found a young lieutenant try-
Ing to rally the troops. It was William Mc-
Klnley.
TTPHOLD SELF-GOVERNMENT.
There never was a case on record when • we
came Into new territory that we gave it self
government unless we thought it was fit for
It. We did this with California, we did -this
with Mexico, we did this with my own State
of Illinois. There never has been a case . yet
when the United States finds the people cap
able, of self-government that they don't Ret
it. j That's what we'll do with the inhabitants
of 'the Philippine* just as soon as they are
ready for it ¦¦-.'¦
We gave $20,000,000 to raise that flag In the
Philippines and do you think we are going to
pull it down to suit Mr. Agulnaldo? (Cries of
"Never! Never'.") - ¦•
You'll hear that the Filipinos will come over
here and take our workmen's places. I've had
some little experience of San Francisco climate,
and I don't think there's much danger of peo
ple who wear nothing to think of but sunshine
taking up a permanent residence here.
It has invariably been a Democratic admin
istration that ha* lowered the flag. - It was
hauled down in Hawaii under Cleveland, but
William McKlnley put it up again.
Now for this great unknown Orient, lying
at our doors, full of wonderful possibilities
for us. For it Is for us. We must have of it
an equal share with the rest of the world. If
we would rank as we do to-day foremost among
the great nations of the earth. But In order
to develop the trade of thoee possessions we
must establish a money standard. We must
have a dollar which will be of equal value In
China, the United States and every isle of
the Pacific over which Old Glory floats.
Now. my friends of the Pacific Coast, I may
never see you again. But I want to tell you
that all the benefits of these new lands are
for you. Throuffh your ports must come the
steel, the coal, the iron,, which are to make
them fit sisters to these North American
State: of ours.
Once long ago the Mediterranean Sea was the
center of the world's commercial activity. The
great maritime nations. England, Scandinavia
and Spain, with her great armadas, made It
what it was. But soon a new land was die
covered beyond the Atlantic. All the nations
whose Ideas had hitherto centered about the
Mediterranean began to look westward. "From
that moment the steady march of nations-be
gan. To-day the Orient opens before us. '
The "open door" Into China Is the srand
eet diplomatic achievement In all history."
William McKlnley does not seek the dismem
berment of China. But he does want it thrown
open for our trade. It may be an effort to us
to carry thl« out: It may coat time and money;
but In the end It will be aa ever:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTUii-blt 3^, IWV-
GENERAL. CLARK E. CARR, THE NOTED CAMPAIGNER, WHO DE
LIVERED AX ADDRESS LAST NIGHT AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
IN DEFENSE OF THE PRINCIPLES OF REPUBLICANISM.
14
first floor— fourth aisle— front.
we candidly see nothing to wonder at in the fact that the business of this
department has grown to such magnificent proportions, we would rather
wonder' that busy and particular men of an economical turn of mind should
keep away' from the splendid values we are continually offering, 'we are al- ¦
ways pleased to meet the doubtful man who comes prepared to.criticize. fif»
teen minutes' actual contact with our goods and prices proves to him that we
have understated rather than overstated the merit of the values we offer, we
welcome your inspection.
men's neckwear — a showing that should com- men's collars — the "affidavit" brand — equal in
mand attention — all the popular kinds — four-in- fit, appearance and wearing qualities to the high-
hands, tecks. bat winjjs and bows— not a single est priced collars— all the latest shapes— all sizes
undesirable pattern or color in the lot— each.. — each io c
50c and 25c
m^ n g un( j erwear — a won( j er f u i] y complete line
men's laundered shirts— a feature of the de- — prices ranee from 45c for a heavy ribbed cot-
partment— made with painstaking care of warn- ton up to $3.00 for the beautiful mercerized
sutta muslin — linen bosoms and wristbands — fit goods, we make a specialty of union suits for
guaranteed — better than most dollar shirts— each men and show them at all prices from
»Oc JjU.50to$3.00
men's fancy half hose — all the correct and men's suspenders, made of a strong web-
swell novelties at attractive prices — some very choice of either leather, silk, cantab or berlin
handsome styles at 25c a pair — others at 33 1-3C ends— all sterling quality and exceptional value
and **O° per pair 50c
The Call advocates the es-
tablishment of a National .
Conservatory for the educa-
tion of our artists at home.
Head what Rose Relda, the
singer, has to say about it in
next Sunday's Call.
OPENING SALE OF CHILDREN'S WOOLEN DRESSES.
We're showing a complete line of CHILDREN'S DRESSES, made of Plaids, Cashmeres,
Flannels, Tricots, Serges, etc. r/v"*
ONE SPECIAL FOR TO-DAY.
CHILDREN'S PLAID WOOL DRESSES, lined throughout, trimmed with combination of
cashmere and newest style braid to match the plaids. •
Sale Price $1.45, worth $2. 5O.
OPENING SALE OF WINTER UNDERWEAR for Women & Children.
4!>c— WOMEN'S PINK, BLUE or WHITE COTTOX and LISLE VESTS; 75c quality.
. . »Oc— WOMEN'S PINK. BLUE or WHITE ALL-WOOL VESTS; »1 50 quality.
l>8c— AUSTRALIAN NATURAL, WOOL VESTS or PANTS; $150 quality.
CHILDREN'S EIGHTY PER CENT NATURAL WOOL VESTS, PANTS or DRAWERS,
all sizes, 3Oo; size l&^Sc extra charged each size larger.
Our winter lines of WOMEN'S, CHILDREN'S AND INFANTS' UNDERWEAR embrace
all the different qualities and •weights— IN HONOR OF OUR OPENING SALE we marked
dcrwn prices fully 20 per cent less than regular figures throughout entire line.
WOMEN'S HOSIERY. ,
25c for BILK and LISLE RIBBED HOSE, considered good at 40c. '•,•:/<'
25c for CASHMERE HOSE, fine ribbed; 4Cc quality.
M $3.65-8!' K WAISTS-$3.65.
Just received, an entire new line of SILK 'VAISTS; come In all the fashionable colors.
sl7es 32 to 44. made of best Talteta; sold all o :r at $5. Our price S3.O5
DSc for POLKA-DOT FLANNEL WAISTS, Ui lined; worth $1 50
#5.O0 for SILK WAISTS that cannot be b isht elsewhere under $S; made of best quality
• Bilk, SO tucks front and back, trimmed ,:th hemstltchings and cordlngs, all the new
colors.
We're selling CHILDREN'S HAND-MADE} JROCHETED JACKETS at SOc,' 35c 4Sc
and 75c; a good many worth double.
VEILING SALE.
lOc yard for ALL-BILK VEILINU; worth 20c. :'.'„'
25c yard for DOUBLE-MESH VEILINGS, very latest designs; worth 50c
5 15c for WASH VEILS; regular price 15c.
SPECIALS TAKEN AT RANDOM.
"WOMEN'S KNIT UNDERSKIRTS, part wool. . 35c; -'regular price 50c.
O9e for MOREEN SKIRTS, trimmed with 10-Inch ruffle of accordion pleating, all colors-
worth $1 25. '
9$e for FANCY FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, trimmed with braids and ruffles. J
«1.5O for CASHMERE CLOAKS worth $2 23.
*a.48 for FLANNEL CLOAKS or JACKETS worth S3 75.
!*.l.r.<» for BROADCLOTH CLOAKS or. JACKETS worth U 73.
JM.9S for BROADCLOTH CLOAKS or JACKETS worth ?7 £0
1212-1214 MARKET ST., bet. Taylor and Jones,
Manufacturers of Women's and Children's Wear— Retailed at Wholesale Prices.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Bargains Saturday and Monday.
ARMOUR S '43 Brand HAMS I2ic
Best Kastera Sugar Cured. Regular 15c
OUR BEST M0CH4 and JV/4 COFFEE, lb 25c
By special request w« again (rW* the Dub-
llc achance to get the beat CofTae. Regu-
F!N|sfcREj c ME3Y BUTTEB, square. -50c
Extra Clni:e Point Reyes Battsr, square 45c
Kpgular 5*c.
BEST CiTY E86S. dozan 35c
Limit 4 dozen. Regular 43c.
Peta'uma Strictly Fresh Eg-s, dozen. 22*c
Limit 4 dozen. Regular 30c
LEA & PERRIM S SAUOE 20c
Genuine. Imported. Regul&r 25c.
OLD KENTUCKY WHISKEY, ga! $2.50
Pure Rye. Regular U.
NEW SEASON'S PURE TEAS 40c
English Breakfast. Uncolored Japan, Col-
ony, Spider Log. Regular 60c lb.
GKIRiRDELU'S COCOA, Mb can.... 20c
Limit 2 cans. Regular 25c
MACARONI. VERMICELLI, DOI 20c
Spaghetti. Regular 25c.
BRGMANGELON Dsssert Jelly 10c
Limit 5 packages. Regular 15a.
ORANGE MAHMAL40E. 3 tans 25c
A Breakfast Appetizer. Regular Uc.
IRISH ANi) SCOTCH WHISXtY. qt hot 95c
Imported. Belfast Regular $1 25.
DUFFf'S PURE MALT WHISKEY 75c
ZARINA RUSSIAN CI3ARETTES, 6pkgs25c
Regular 10c package.
CIGARS CUT, liic sizs |Qc
Humboldt. Sanchez &n<2 Hay*. Belmont and
All Leadlns Brands.
Freight paid by us when within 100 mile*.
134d-1354 MARKET STREET.
Opp. Seventh. Phone 3. 25t. Xo Branch Store*.
3 "tt*cs premiums IV a a
masy GlVd! JL 1 CC
"WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to Bay
Come Just to See
Great American ImporliDe Tea Co.
tin Grant «t*.. bet. Sutter and Post at*.
£61 Market St.. opp. Powell.
82 Market »t.. Junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
DR.MCMLTY..
nnns WErx-ExowN and reliable old
I .SpwL-vllsterirejB'ootl Polnon.Oonorrhcait.Gteet.
• S .^ lc i a rT- S'y" 1 ""* Weakness, Impotence Md their
allied Disorder*, lloofe on Di.vases of Mei>. fr?#
O\ -praj i vrarVnxper*ence.Tprnn reasonable. Heart
9to-1.*ai!y:0:.10tn3.:»PV';:*.Sund.vir«.10to 12. Cnrvrol-
UUionfreeaPdMcredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOR SIcXKI/TY, 31. D.
:»6H Ucarnj-Sf, San Francisco. O»i.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S
NEW RENT
$ '*§! ii *a«&*[ |tej£|| si
CONTRACT PLAN!
If you rent a poor piano at $3 1
month and keep it for five years, you
will have paid $180 and at the end
own r.o piano.
If you rent an ordinary piano at
$4 a month and keep it for five years,
you will have paid $240 and at the
end own no piano.
If you rent a fair piano at $.s a
montn and keep it for five years, you
will have paid $.100 and at the end
own no piano.
But— if you get a good brand new
piano (guaranteed by the manufac-
turers), valued at $300. from Sher-
man, Clay & Co. on their new rent
contract plan, and pay S6 a month
for 62 months, you will have paid
$375 and at the end of that time the
piano is yours.
Don't you think it better to pay
$1.25 a month for the use of the
piano than $3, $4 or $3?
Note — For obvious reasons the
sale of pianos on this new rent con-
tract plan is confined to the cities and
suburbs where the stores are located.
Sherman,C!ay&Co,,
Cor. K^arny & Sutter Bt«., S. F.
Cor. 12th & Broadway. Oakland. »
Cor. Third & Morrison rts.. Portland. *
711 Second avenue, Seattle.