Then came a quarrel : and separation,
and the young wife returned to her par
ental roof. .Beckwith later ' enlisted as ¦ a
private with Company F, Fiftieth : Iowa
Volunteers, and was sent to Jacksonville^
Florida. L While In camp • Beckwith; Ta-
Later efforts were, made to place Beck
with in a responsible position ¦ with the
Pullman Company in Chicago, of which
Mr. Lincoln Is president, but the ball
player was true to bis profession.
The sensational courtship, elopement
and marriage of Miss Jessie Lincoln with
Beckwith furnished society with plenty
of gossip In 1837. ¦¦ Beckwith at that time
was playing right halfback on the Iowa
Wesleyan football team, and it was while
Miss Jessie was visiting at the home of
her grandfather. Senator Harlan. here,
that they became acquainted. Love fol
lowed and Mr. Lincoln tried to break up
the courtship without success.
MT. PLEASANT, Iowa. Dec. ZL— Jessie
T. Beckwith, granddaughter of the mar
tyred President and daughter of Robert
T. Lincoln of Chicago, is no longer tho
wife of Warren Beckwith. the ex-baseball
player of this city, according to a state
ment made to-day before, the Probate
Court here In the hearing of jthe case of
James C. Whitford vs. Mrs. Robert T.
Lincoln.
CBXGAXsp, Dec ,21.— Efforts , were , made
to learn the facts of the. Llncoln-Beckwlth
divorce case from; Robert T. Lincoln, but
repeated , calls failed • to "¦ secure any : re
sponse. In local society circles great sur
prise was . manifested over the* announce
ment of the divorce as .. it . had . not . been
understood such action had been taken
by. Mrs.- Beckwlthi, to • secure a separation-
Even ¦. the ; associates of ' Mrl Lincoln were
surprised at the news"'
The faqts developed here when the case
of VVhitford vs. Lincoln was called In the
Probate Court, ana it • was ; stated that
Mrs. Robert ,T. Lincoln., who was wanted
as a witness, was In : New York -caring
for her daughter" and \ gfanddanghter, the
latter having scarlet fever and the family
being Quarantined, v
In the mean. time, it now develops, Mrf
Beckwith applied for a divorce, which
was granted. . There . Is no "record of th»»
case in the courts- here.- Beckwith, who
lives at Creston ¦ and is employed as a
brakeman on the Burlington road, says
the divorce was .granted on the grounds
of desertion and non-support.
ceived news of the , birth, of- a daughtsr-
Although he obtained ¦ -a furlough no
reconciliation with the wife followed. He
was honorably discharged when the regi
ment returned to • Des Molnes. .
INDIANAPOLJ8, Ind., Dec. 2L-Receiv
er Clark of the Chosen' Friends says cred
itors have little prospect of realizing much
If anything fronv their claims. The ut
most that the creditors can hope for' is
the realization. of. 10 cents on L the dollar.
With liabilities of ¦$500,000, the order, will
be able only with the greatest difficulty
to raise $50,000 to adjust the alaims of the
creditors. . _- _
Finances of Chosen Friends.
not. when they published that editorial
on the 26th of October, even the meagre
and contemptible excuse which they now
give for pursuing ti.e plaintiff, namely,
that "Warfleld had not willingly slgn=*X
the letter which was published in the Bul
letin. They did not know whether he had
or not and they did not care, but tr.»y had
seen and had read the letter. That let
ter brands General Warfleld - as a pol
troon, a coward, and a liar if he made the
statement to Leake ¦ that Leake says he
; made on the night of October 24.
Motive Not Traceable..
""Why, then, since they say that they
have' no personal knowledge of any of
these facts, since they say that they have
not bad and have never had any f eellr.s
of ill will against this plaintiff, why have
they not accepted the situation and re
tracted the libel? Because It la not trua
that they are not moved by motives of
malice.
"What is the motive I do not know. We
have been unable to trace the motive: the
motive is just as dark, just as obscure
to-day as would be the motive of an un
known assassin who might come behind
the plaintiff and strike him on the back
of the bead and kill him. showing that
his motive was not robbery by not going
through the pockets of the dead man.
"We do not know what motive moved
him. It was either a motive of malice
acalnst the man' himself, it was some
sentiment of hostility of the cause of
which the plaintiff is unaware, or it was
that general malice against mankind
which is said In the criminal law to
spring from an abandoned and m aligned
heart ready to pare down any man
against whom any person may give a pre
text for libeL
"The defendant Is as gentle as a cootez
dove when he cornea upon the stand, and.
In the face of the proof of his deliberate
assassination of the plaintiffs character
and bis contemptible failure to prove any
thing substantial in the article published.
he tells yon that be was perfectly free
from malice; a man of stainless heart who
would not ruin another man under a;y
circumstance*. ,. That is & shield from the
consequences of such outrages against his
fellow man as the one committed here.
"A newspaper, in showing rood faith In
the publication of an attack npon the pri
vate'Character of a person, must show
that it has made reasonable Investigation
and has tried to verify the story. IVnat
Investigation was made In this matter?
They bad' three weeks to Investigate It.
What did th-y? Nothing, They kept it
quiet. Parkin* remained InaetlTe and
quiet. Leake remained quiet. Perhaps
they wanted a "scoop," and would rather
take* chances upon .the falsity of War
field's statement than to run the risk of
having another newspaper get the same
story.
**S> much for the alleged good faith of
the defendant He was not acting In good
faith, whether the article was true or
not; be has tried to prove circumstuees
that neither Warfleld nor Mrs. Warfleld
ever mentioned to him.* What does be rely
uson here more than u;oa anxthlnf else
CHARACTERISTIC ATTITUDES
OF ATTORNEYS. WHO CON
SUMED A DAY ARGCZXG.
argue for the defense this morning and
then Attorney Maguire will close.
MAGUIRE OPENS
THE ARGUMENT
Denounces Witnesses Produced
bu the Defendant as
- Perjurers. ,:-/
James G.- Maguire- opened the argument
for the plaintiff at the beginning of the
morning session of the court. He spoke
in part as follows : .
"The action now being, tried Is one of
the most serious character. It Involves
something more than mere property rights
which are commonly submitted to Juries
In trial courts In civil cases; It Involves
a question as serious as is ever submit
ted to courts and juries in criminal cases,
as serious as murder, for the assassina
tion of character by libel is as terrible a
crime as murder itself, and as destructive
to the man who is made the^rlctim of it.
"On the 24th day of October, 1S39. the
plaintiff, a man of good reputation and
standing, retired at peace with the world,
and on the following morning read
lines branding him to the whole State and
the country and to the world as a scoun
drel; a blow delivered to him without
warning, a blow delivered to him by a
man whom he had never harmed nor
wronged, a blow delivered to him either
for the malicious purpose of destroying
him or for the base purpose of making a
sensation and selling a Ubelous newspa
per. ? A* blow such" as that coming without
warning, coming from a man .who had
never avowed enmity, coming as stealth
ily "as the blow of ati assassin delivered
by a footpad from the back In the dark.
was -the startling sensation received by
the plaintiff upon that morning.
"He has appealed to the law for vindi
cation, - having faith In God and faith in
man and faith in the reign of Justice, a
belief in the Justice of courts and the fair
ness and honesty of juries. He has ap
pealed to the law Instead of appealing to
the personal violence which it Is too often
said Is the . only remedy for . such libels.
He has placed his case In the hands of the
court and of the jury, and ho asks for
justice at your, hands to-day.
"Is the libel true? 'Scandal's blight on
the Hotel Rafael.' That is the headline,
and below ft he . accuses the . Baron von
Schroeder : of having destroyed the hotel
as* a . reputable resort. "What scandal has
he shown attached to the hotej? "Whoever
heard the breath of scandal connected^
with the hotel until the day the defendant
publlsed this Hbelous article of and con
cerning, the plaintiff? Who? Why, some
waiters In the clubhouse had heard of.lt.
Nobody else." Jfobody else, according to
their own showing made In court.
¦ Absence of Good Faith Charged.
"On the morning after the publication of
the letter from General Warfleld. on the
morning after that letter had been read
by Mr. Leake, on the morning after that
letter and the Ubelous article had been
read by Mr. Spreckels. for according* to
bis own testimony be returned from Sa
linas on the night of the 23th of October
' and read both the libel and the letter— on
the'' following morning they published the
editorial to which I called attention when
It' was ¦ Introduced and which I read at
th-it- time, entitled . 'Exposure of Scan
dals.'. Glorifying the Infamous de««J
that they had committed against a fellow
man on the day before. Glorifying their
deed ' and complimenting and congratu
lating themselves upon It.
•'Good faith ? . Good - faith ? They gay
they published the editorial In good faith
because they had ' no ' reason to believe
then that they had libeled the plaintiff.
Did they; goto see General Warfield be
fore publishing this editorial and get even
the flimsy and dishonorable statement
;whieh they say Warfleld afterward made
In explanation of his course? Ko. They
UNLESS some untoward Incident I .
happens Baron J. H. von | '
Schroeder will know to-night the
commercial value of his reputa
tion. It is expected that the ar
guments In the trial will be con
cluded this afternoon and that
¦ the case will be given to the jury.
Throughout the morning session yester
day and far Into the afternoon James O.
Magulre argued for the plaintiff and. then
James W. Cochrane i "piled for The Call.
\ Tho eats* has Teaclnsanttat stage* therefore
in 'a Judicial pr<jceeding-_ where comment
or criticism would be' unjust and certain
ly indelicate. The Call has submitted it3
testimony ¦ to 'prove that Baron von
Schroeder Is morally a menace. to society,
a dangerous man whose Influence Is to be
feared,* a, being who has respect or con
sideration neither , for men's : honor nor
woman's virtue. The Call has submitted
the evidence which it believes has just!-
I fled Its expose of such a man. To-day the
value of this testimony ¦¦will, be deter
mined by the jury and \he position of
such a man will be established In Cali
fornia. *
The argviient presented yesterday for
Baron von Schroeder by Attorney Ma
gulre was a long one. but It had a central,
dominant thought— abuse of every wit- .
ness presented by The Call to prove that i
Baron von 'Schroeder has reached such
a limit of immorality and depravity that
he has become an enemy to society and
his unmasking. Is a duty, solemnly im
posed upon a public journal. ¦ As Attorney
Magulre viewed this serious" controversy :
the reputable 'citizen who supplied the
original. Information of Von Schroeder's
debaucheries and attacks upon innocent"
women is "a poltroon, a coward and a
liar." .- -
The men who swore to the facts of de
basing Vice, gross licentiousness and wild
revelries of the Baron are "wandering
waiters, hobo witnesses, perjured, pur- .
chased . tools." ' The attorney did not
know; the \ force < of : ' moderation. Every
man who had^related what he saw of the
shame and scandal of "Baron von Schroe
der's'life is a scoundrel, a liar, a'roust
about, an unscrupulous rascal whose face
should be his card of admission to a
penitentiary. 'Attorney Magulre made no
exception, h His abuse was sweeping. No
honesty, no truth, . no. > decency- could
emanate from'any one 'who told 'what he
knew, of . the .horrifying , practices of Von
Schroeder^and^believed In the telling that
he was -performing a public service./
'Accepting 1 every advantage of hfsposi
tion : Attorney Magulre'.' asked the Jury to
take his unsworn lawyer's word as better
thar. the pledged testimony of many wlt
ref ses. Magulre went "even so far as to
attribute the motive of the -expose of the
Ba ron ,vor. S«hroeder to. business rivalry,
an .'absurdity, that probably 'every one : In
the courtroom except one saw at once.
The attorney dwelt with sneering empha
sis upon his assertion that the men whose
testimony is registered against his aris
tocratic client are laborers, stable boys
and : waiters.'- '
For three henrs and a, half .Attorney
Magulre talked In this vein and theft At
torney no replied. , He attacked at
once the central, leading argument of Ma
guire that the witnesses for The Call were
perjurers, purchased : lackeys, tools, wan
dering hobo /waiters. _,; Attorney Cochrane
called the attention 'oft the jury ipartlcu-'
larly to the fact that five months ago At
toiney Magulre. cross-examined these ¦wit
nesses, learned" their testimony ,'| felt ' Its
significance, and had .raone7, time and.in
fluence with which to secure the remotest,
most . elemental fact of • their Bm • with
whlchto impeach them.
Five months ago, the attorney declared,
the - depositions of thes# '/witnesses had
been taken and a"' thorough cros*-~xam
•rttlon. had , been conducted * by Attorney
Magulre, yet'at the \ trial 'not a single fact
had * been ; Introduced, not a solitary. 5 wit
ness had be«n presented to impeach either
the'ehaVacterof the^witnesses 'or the'facti
of * their 'testimony.' " D. ' M. ~ Delmas "will
"Mr. Kruger aver.*? thRt the provisions
of The Hague convention and the law?
and th» us-ages of war are trampled under
foot and he wants to know whether the.
signatories of this convention have any
thing to say on the subject. The man on
horseback at this moment is not Mr.
Kruger, but President Steyn. He, De
larey and Dewet are masters of the situ
ation, having a belter, disciplined and
more effective force than which followed
the vierkleur (Sag) at the outbreak of the
war. ; They have plenty of ammunition
and replenish their stores continually
from the British convoys. They have
taken enough Lee-Metford rifles to arm
all the burghers now in the field."
" The English,' Mr. Kruger said, 'are
waging this war In South Africa like
savages. They arc burning homes, de
stroying farms, cutting trees, devastating
fields and creating famine. They are un
able to capture Dewet, but they are mak
ing prisoners of women and children, who
are not treated with ordinary decency.
Hundreds of women have been confined in
a prison kraal near Port Elizabeth, -with
only one chair, and several of them are
expected to become mothers.'
"First of all nothing is decided about
his visit to America at present. President
Kruger has not abandoned all hope of
securing the support of the governments
of the civilized world In his demand for"
arbitration. Vntil the last government
refuses absolutely to say a word in sup
port of the principles whicji they solemnly
laid down at The Hague conference Mr.
Kruger will not partake in popular dem
onstrations. It Is recognized that if he
cared to do so he could shake the' con
tinent. . The popular enthusiasm for him
i« unparalleled since Garibaldi's visit to
.London, but until his diplomatic mission
is exhausted an appeal to the peoples
cannot even be taken into consideration.
Mr. Kruger is emphatic in disclaiming
any desire to Involve other nations In war
in b"ehalf-of the Boers. "What he asks is
that the governments which at The Hague
declared their determination to use their
efforts to secure amicable settlement of
disputes by means of mediation and ar
bitration should make an united effort to
bring the verdict of the civilized world to
bear on Great Britain.
LONDON*. Dec. 21.— William T. Stead
has just returned from The Hague, where
he has had a long conference with Mr.
Kruger and has ascertained at first hand
the views of Mr. Kruger and his coun
sellors as to the present situation and
future prospects. Mr. Stead has written
the following for the Associated Press:
Stead Tells of Conditions That Con
front Britons in South Africa.
KB.UGEB, STIIX HAS HOPE.
DARMSTADT, Dec 21.— By the Presi
dent's casting of his vote the second
Chamber to-day defeated a motion to In
struct the representatives in the
Reichstag to propose the assembly
oe the Foreign Affairs Committee
with the object of initiating a
proposal of arbitration between Great
Britain and the Transvaal. Twenty-two
votes were cast each way. All the anti-
Semites and Social Democrats favored
the motion. The representatives of the
Government left the House before the de
bate on the motion.
a Motion to Aid the Boers.
President of Second Chamber Defeats
DABMSTADT IS DIVIDED.
"A number of men i-elonging to two of
the South African corps refused to march
on one occasion owinsc to some mistake
to carry out their discharge at the ex
piration of their term of service. Lord
Roberts, on the ground that they had
a grievar.ee, overlooked the matter, sim
ply reprimanding them. The men of this
corps have since done good work in the
field and It is "absolutely unfounded to
say that there was a mutiny or that guns
or any other force were used again&t
them."
following explanation from Lord Kitch
ener:
PRESIDENT TO VISIT
WASHINGTON CITIES
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— President Me
Kinley expects to leave "Washington about
the first of next May for a visit to the
Pacific Coast, reaching San Francisco in
season for the launching of the battleship
Ohio. May IS. He will make numerous
Etops at cities en route, including New
Orleans and Los Angeles.
AXtsr leaving San Francisco he will visit
Oregon, Washington and other Western
States. Senator Foster and Representa
tive Jones of 'Washington to-day invited
the President to visit a number of cities
and towns in that State. They assured
him of the deep pleasure with which their
people were looking forward to his trip.
The President promised to go to Tacoma,
Seattle. Xorth Takima, Spokane and in
termediate points." '
WILL LEAD UPRISING
AGAIKST THE TURKS
asssfsins toward their .brother * Arme
nians." "* ¦
LONDON, Dec 2l.-General Osman
Pasha, who led the Kurd uprising In 1S75.
told a representative of the Dailr Mail
yesterday that he would leare London to
day to head another uprising to free '
Kurdistan from Turkish rule.
••I hope for English sympathy." he said,
"if not for material support in the strug
gle against the despotic Turks, who. dom
inated by Russia, have compelled thV
brsxe. warlike Kurds to act the part of
bar.t. co=roaud>r of the newly raised co
:oE>ial division, has been ordered to the
front and will start to-morrow.
At Thorndaie General French has routed
r. -' Boers with four guns and a pompom.
Thornfiale is Eixteen miles northwest of
Krugersdorp. The fight took place De
eeaiber 15. The British had fourteen
«"und*^. ar<3 the Boers Ced in disorder,
.. about fifty killed. -
7h* Boers who invaded Cape- Colony
>£¦! !n most cases packhorses In addition
: these thfy rode. All were in the pink
cr condition. They commandeered all pos
m'.Cc- clothing ami stores at Venterstadt. .
TROUBLE AMONG COLONIALS.
rritish Authorities Deny That There
Was a Mutiny.
I>">NDO!C, Dec. 22.— As the outcome of
e*^' • rr.ents made during the recent ses
sion cf Parliament and since reiterated
to the effect that seme of the colonial
troope have refused to fight again, the
TVar GfSce late last evening issued " the
Tight in Which the British Claim to
Have Killed Fifty of Enemy.
<"APE TOWN, Dec. a.— General Bra-
FRENCH BOUTS THE BOEKS.
His Escape From British One of the
Boldest Deeds in the War.
% BLOEMFONTEIN. Dec. 21.— The details
cf O^neral Dew*>t"s escape from the en
circling British columns show that it was
ore of the boldest Incidents of the war.
V.'hen Haasbroek's command joined De
•xnet on December 12. some fifteen miles
e*rt cf Thabanchu. General Knox was
only about an hour distant and the Boer
situation appeared desperate. But D<?
¦p.¦«¦•: trap e<jua! to the occasion. Dispatch
ing Haasbrock westward to make a feint |
at Victoria Nek. General Dcwet pre
pared to break through the British col
inaas at Eprinphau Nek Pass, about four
mi'.es ahead. At the entrance were two
fortified ports, while artillery was posted
eastward, watching the Boers. Suddenly
s magnificent spectacle was presented. '
TV.*> whole B^t army of 2500 m*>n started
to ?sllcp in op*>n order through the n*>k.
Prudent Steyn and Peit Fourie led the
charge and Dewet brought up the rear.
Th* British guns near the drift boomed
ar.iJ rattled Incessantly. The Boers first
tried In* eastward route, but encounter
ing artillery, they diverged and galloped
to the foot of the hill to the eastward.
¦w::ere the fire of oniy a single post was
effecth~e. The whole maneuver was a
pic-ee of magnificent daring and its suc
cess was complete, in spite cf the loss of
a fifteen-pounder and twenty-five prison
¦ . •¦.." . ¦ ¦•¦-... ¦.,, - i - »•¦*¦ j ¦¦¦¦-..- --.¦¦ i -•-¦'
ers.
The British force detached after Ilaas
broek came in contact with his commando
r et nightfall. The burghers were scattered
V^nd the Welch yeomanry galloped among
the retreating Boers, using their revol
vers and the butt ends cf their rifles'
•w 1th great effect.
An incident cf the fight was the gallop
cf a British ammunition wagon right
through tho scattered Boers, the gunners
tiring their revolvers freely.
DEWETS GALLANT DASH.
LONTXJV, Dec. 22.— The War OfHce
cade the following, announce
ment last evening:
"In view of the general position
In South Africa, the following re
inforcements of mounted troops
have teen arrarged: Eight hundred will
start next week. Two cavalry regiments
J-ave been ordered to leave as soon as the
transports are ready. The Colonial police
¦will be inceased to 10.000. Detachments
¦will leave as fast as they are formed. Fur
ther Crafts of cavalry will be dispatched
.at once. Australia and New Zealand have
been irvited to send further contingents.
Three thousand extra horses bevond the
vsual monthly tupply have been con
tracted for."
The Secretary of State for War, Sir
John Broderick, announces that. In new
cf the prolongation of the war fn South
Africa, members cf the Imperial T*o
ir.PTjj- were pa«d five {hillings instead of
one shilling two per.ee per day. Mil
itiamen are promised priority of return
over regulars.
A Johannesburg dispatch says: The
Boers attacked Zunonfontein December
14, but were beaten off.
A dispatch from De Aar. Cape Colony,
says that the Yeomanry have <!rlven the
B^-ers out of Boutcraal, the enemy retir
ing westward.
A special from Cape Town says: Gen
eral Badtn-Powell will start for the
Transvaal to-morrow.
The Boers derailed a train at Barberton,
Icillirg an inspector and others.
From its Cape Town correspondent the
Daily MeII has received the following:
The second {Evading force was designed
to occupy Britstown. but, being checked
by the De Aar troops, It has disappeared
into th« Cedaiberg Mountains. An
*r.onnous concentration of troops Is be
ing made upon the veldt country occupied
by the invaders, but it is not likely that
the Boers trill offer battle in large num
bers. There is renewed demand for the
wholesale proclamation cf martial law.
"We understand that private reliable
*<5\ices have been recei\*ed Jn London,"
*ays the London Daily Mail, "to the effect
that virtually all the districts of Cape
Colony in the a Icinity of the Orange River
sre in nor/ or less open revolt, and that
there is likely to be sharp fighting on a
rath'r large scale befcre the Invasion Is
crushed. The tactics of the Boers in ral
lying as many as possible of the Dutch
in the back country to their cause are
proving successful."
following the Daring Escape of Dewet
Comes a Second Invasion of Cape Col
ony by the Rallied Republican Forces.
Great Britain Prepares to Hurry More Troops
to Cope With the Boers, and Aus
tralia and New Zealand Appealed To.
REINFORCEMENTS
FOR SOUTH AFRICA
BATTLE OF WORDS BEGINS
IN VON SCHROEDER'S SUIT
Attorney for the Baron Exhausts His Invectives in Abuse
, of the Men Who Testified Against His Aristocratic
Client and Exposed Immoralities of the Latter's Life.
Defense Replies That the Plaintiff Had Five Months in
"~W and Was Unable to
Do So Even With Wealth, Intimidation and Fraud.
did not even interview Warfleld about his
published letter In the Bulletin. They
did not care whether Warfleld was the
author of the letter or not. They did not
care whether WarSeld'<* letter was true
or his statement to them, if he ever made
any to them, was true. They proceeded
to assail aerain and to justify their as
sault on the following morning. They had
Sequel to the Romantic Elopement of Abra
ham Lincoln's Granddaughter.
SECURES DIVORCE FROM
BALL-PLAYER BECKWITH
MANY CHILDREN IN DANGEB
Belief That There Is an Organized
Band of Kidnapers.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. Dec. 21.— The sen
sational disappearance and return of
young- Edward - Cudahv of Omaha Is
somewhat strangely coincident with the
finding of a letter .In a Milwaukee street
car a few days ago. The letter was ad
dressed to "William Stewart, Chicago, and
told of a plan to rob several residences of
wealthy citizens in Milwaukee and to ab
duct a little girl. The letter was written
with a lead pencil and was signed "Jack."
The letter was turned over to the po
lice, who looked upon It as the work of a
lunatic The day following the finding of
case. The only clew they have' to work
on at present is a copy of the letter
thrown on_Mr. Cudahy's lawn, naming the
hour that the boy would be returned^ The
original copy was - returned -with the
money, this being one of the considera
tions demanded by, the desperadoes. .
Mr. Cudahy this morning confirmed the
offer of a reward of $25,000 for the arrest
of the abductors.
Young Edward to-day stated that the
letter demanding ,a ransom' was hurled
into the yard by his abductors before they
left the neighborhood of his home. That
was Tuesday, December IS. This has
given rise to some curious speculation, for
the copy of the letter was dated December
13 — that is to say,' the following day. It
¦was Wednesday morning that the letter
was found in the front yard. If the ban
dits wrote the letter and threw it into the
yard Tuesday night they dated it ahead.
The . letter was unsigned and the state
ment made shortly after its discovery
that it was signed "Jack" was an error.
OMAHA. Dec. 21.— The result of |
twenty-four hours* work on the
part of the police of the city and ;
half a hundred detectives has
brought to light trie location of
the house In which : Edward
Cudahy Jr. was held . a prisoner for
nearly two days, and from which She
was returned to his home in the city at -a
late hour Wednesday night. :
The house is located four miles from the
I city and in a place of easy access, '"but so
; situated as to allow the kidnapers ample
opportunity to lay and carry out their
plans without molestation from inquiring
neighbors. In easy communication with
rail and wagon roads leading in and out
of Omaha and South Omaha, and on a
high knoll where sentries could give im
mediate alarm in case of . necessity, the
one and a half story shack had been ad
mirably chosen by the bandits. No doubt
exists in the minds of the police as to the
identity of the place. Young Cudahy him
self was taken to. the house and identi
fied many features which he had recog
nized while a prisoner.
The testimony of the neighbors also is
of a nature that leads every one to believe
they have found the retreat of the ab
ductors. Evidences show that they made
a hurried departure when their night's
work was completed. •' t
It is stated this morning that Pat Crowe,
well known to the local police circles, is
the man whom the police suspect of being*
the leader of the gang who abducted
young Cudahy. Officers In citizens' cloth
ing are looking for Crowe to-day, but bo
far he has not been arrested.
The police detectives who are working
on the matter are inclined to believe that
men not well acquainted with the city and
surrounding country would not have been
able to manage the affair as it was car-'
ried on. For this reason they are search
ing for several local men who are known
to bear a bad reputation. " .
An extra force of Pinkertons arrived
this morning and were put to work on the
Several Men Acquainted With the Gity
and Surrounding Country,, Including
Pat-Crowe, Are Suspected of the Grime.
'• ¦ • v • ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦- ¦ '¦ ¦ :¦..---
the letter the following advertisement was
in £ local paper: .
"Lost— Reward of . *3 for the return- of
a letter addressed to William Stewart,
Chicago. Address letter to 'John 4 Smith,
Milwaukee, general delivery." :
The Journal also received a letter signed
'.'Jack," In which the writer says he is the
person who lost the letter In the street
car and the one who advertised for It. Ke
says .he; has been excelled ' from a des
perate gang of - rohbers and kidnapers,
who are working, in different parts of the
country, and that -he has determined to
inform against them. Then he tells of a
plan which had been arranged torob the
Schandien Milwaukee residence, abduct
the little girl and hoid ' her for ransom.
Besides the Schandien? he says numerous
other prominent including Major
Rose, Captain,. Pabst and Charles Uihlin.
are marked for visits from the sang-.
When the 4etteX was shown to Police
Inspecter Recter he exin-essed the opin
ion that both the advertisement and^ the
letter were written bv a lunatic *or liy
some boy who had been reading dime
novels and wanted notoriety.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— "'The finding of this
letter rather indicated that there might,
be some truth in the theory: that -there is
an organized band of kidnapers at work
throughout the country," said Chief of
Detectives Colleran o-day when shown
Che Milwaukee story concerning the find
ing of the letter relating to the alleged
plans for the kidnaping of several chil
dren of. wealthy people.
"The Milwaukee authorities, however,
have not communicatttl with us in regard
to this letter, but if they do so the Chi
cago police will certainly investigate
promptly and make any arrests that may
appear Justifiable.".
OMAHAl Dec 21.— The Cudahys think
there is no connection between the gAr.g
that abducted their son and the Milwau
kee, gang-, but they are wiring* inquiries
and will be able to ?ay more definitely
later. ¦¦' ' ¦ .
AJT IOWA -BOY STOLEN.
Son ;
Sands of Kidnapers.
FORT DODGE, Iowa, Dec. 21.— The
nine-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. Louis
Tonhose of Judd. a small town about ten
miles east of here, was kidnaped on Tues
day and has not been heard of since. • The
father has hired detectives, and it is ex
pected thai In the next few days there
will come startling developments. The
fafher heard this afternoon that the boy
wa«< last seen In the company of tv/o men.
It Is expected that a proposition will be
made in a. few days as to -the matter of
ransom. Mr. Tonhose is one of the lar^e
land owners of this country- The mother
is now said to be in a very dangerous con
dition owing to the shock. The .culprit*
who perpetrated the deed are supposed to
be two men who were at the house on
Tuesday afternoon and represented them
selves as book agents. The police are at
work on the case.' It 'is said that the two
men who are suspected of having kid
naped the "boy were never seen in this
community before. The father has offered
a reward of $500 for the return of the boy,
or $1000 for the apprehension of the kid
napers. . ¦¦', - r -. -¦?-•". /;
First Discovery of Importance Is the Loca
tion of the House Where Young Gudahy
Was Held Prisoner for Twenty- Four Hours
DETECTIVES TRAILING
THE OMAHA KIDNAPERS
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22, ;1900.
PRICE FIVE- CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
TO JUME l^^pS^of^; BTOCKTON. Dec- 21.— Early next . week" the
Standard Electric Company, will Join the two
ends of the rabies over which power Is to be
transmitted to< Stockton,' Oakland and Alvlao.
Two -gangs j of. men arc rtvorklngr. on the line
and will meet west of this •city. Power. will
be turned on about the middle of January and
60.0W volts will be transmuted by three alum
inum cables. * - „ "
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen
. sions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— Postoffices es
tablished: California— Electra. Amador
County, Nathan ft. EHIb, Postmaster.
Washington— Berlin. King County, Ber
nard A. Baerlocher, Postmaster. Discon
tinued December SI: California— Hengy,
Butte Couniy; sond mall to Cherokee.
'I'.:stir.astfra ;ippointc<l: California—
Thoma* Stsrbuck. Armatfa/ Rlverslu?
Connty. vice H. A.-.McCoy, resigned; John
Bird. Plrds Landing, folano County, vice
Moritz Dlnkelspeil. deceased; D. R. Trout
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz County, vice
Eranklin .Waters, removed; • R. . D. Law
rence. Inglesvood. . Los Angeles County,
vico WV C. Kllby, resigned. Washington—
J.H. Morrison. Ahtanum; Yakima County,
.vice E. J. Davis, resigned."
'Pensions issued — California: ' Original
William L. Cully, Vallejo. $6. Increase-
James M. Hutchlne, Yountvllle, $10.
Oregon: Original— Claiborne M. Detone.
Mayger.' $6: John Wlskirchen. Eugene. JS.
Two 21-foot alcohol vapor launches with
five-horsepower motors have been pur
chased for U3e of tho lighthouse service
in San DIee» ar.d Humboldt -bays. ::-"¦
Robert B. Whitside. owner of the big
tree groves, has written Spnator Perkins
¦that he will confer. with the California
delegation - regarding ; the amount for
wrloh he-will sell the groves. The letier
indicated that he will accept $125,000 for
the property.-: Senator Perkins has called
a meeting of the delegation to meet'Whlt
6ide and Jiscuss the matter. -
arose this morning she was apparently
much Improved and partook of breakfast.
Shortly after leaving the table the end
came without the slightest warning, heart
failure causing death. .
The body will be taken to Lewiston, Me.,
the home of Senator Frye.
J. W. Maekay.
VICTORIA, Deo. 21— J. . w." Maekay,
who came here In 1S44 for the Hudson Bay
Company, died at noon to-day. He opened
the Nanalmo mines for the Hudson Bay
Company, acted as guide for the Commis
sioners who established a boundary be
tween the United States and British Co
lumbia and took a prominent part In all
?> ven « s in r the earl y history of the North
Pacific. Irately ho has been a chief clerk
in the Indian Office.
Vere : Foster.
BELFAST, Dec. 21.— Vere Foster, who
has been ; engaged for the last; fifty years
In assisting the emigration of nearly 25 000
young women from the congested district
of the west of Ireland and in the build
ing or furnishing over 2200 national schools
in every part of Ireland, died to-day. He
was born in Copenhagen in 1819.»and was
formerly In -the -British diplomatic service
In South America. -t
Frederick B. Pickersgill.
LONDON, Dec.' 22.— Frederick Richard
Pickersgill. the- painter, who 'was the
kw per of: the. Royal -Academy -from 1873 to
18&7, died yesterday, agedSO years. ,
John "W. McKenzie. a* Mexican' War
veteran/ died yesterday at the Soldiers'
Home at Yountvllle. He was first ser
geant of "Duncan's Battery," Battery A,
Second Re&lment. U. S. A., and fired the
first shot of the Mexican war at the bat
tle of Palo Alto and took a valiant part
In most of the battles that followed. He
was with his. battery up to the time of
the firing- of the last shot at the taking
of the City of -Mexico. •¦
-* During the Civil W&r he was colonel of
the National Guard of this State, acting
as military Instructor. At the time of hisi
death he was first vice president of the
Associated Veterans of the Mexican War.
He leaves a wife and son,, who reside at
Ocean View. Theson left for Tountvilla
last -night* to make arrangements -for the
funeral. . ;
suicide Is heard to account for the cries
and the garments, but of course all that
is mere speculation.
To crown the mystery, there is no name
on the boat and no trace of anythlnethat
would show .where It came from. .There
was nothing in ; the pockets of the over
coat, and notblng about the dress that
would, show ownership. -The coat is plain
blue, witlr no distinctive marks, and the
dress plain black/
MEXICAN WAR VETERAN
DIES AT YOUUTVTLLE
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.-A mystery of the
bay was found floating off Point Rich
mond to-night, which may furnish some
clew to the cries for help that were heard
In that vicinity last night. A twenty-foot
sloop w^ found floating off the point,
drifting Vlth the tide. James Cordoza
who first saw the boat, put off to it in a
rowboat. He found no occupant, but a
JUDGE JOSEPH C. HTJLSE.V
Yolo County Pioneer Passes Away at
. a Ripe Old .Age.
WINTERS. Dec. 21. -Judge Joseph Clark
Hulse, a well-known of Yolo
County, died yesterday afternoon. The
Immediate cause of his death was paraly
sis. ' ,
Previous to the- foundation of Winters
Mr. Hulse was a: citizen of Buckeye
More than twenty years ago. when this
town was laid out. he assisted In the sur
vey and has since been a citizen. His ad
ventures as a mountaineer and frontiers
man form an Interesting story.- " -
Th% deceased was a Kentucklan and SI
years of age. Up to the last he retained
all his mental faculties to a remarkable
degree. .A strong constitution was the se
cret of his longevity: Old settlers who
knew the Judge in health say he was a
ilnely proportioned man, weighing more
than 280 pounds. , ... ,»,.
Mr. Hulse: was a Superior Judge of Co
lusa County and later held a similar posi
tion in Yolo County. .
The funeral was held under the auspices
of the Masonic fraternity.' '
rJohn.W. Brewer. *'
TRENTON. N. J., Dec 21.—Ex-Con
gressman^ John W.' Brewer - died at - his
home here to-day... He was a pottery man
ufacturer and a warm personal ; friend • of
President McKlnley,' with whom he
served in Congress.
Mrs. William P. Frye.
I WASHINGTON; Dec. 2L-Mrs.' wiiliara
P." FTye.'wife^of :Senator ; Frye,: died 'pud
denly/at'^'the"; Hamilton f Hotel';. at 9:40
o'clock^ to-day. ":' Mrs.>Frye-"on Tuesday
last v suffered an - acute attack ; of lndlges"
'tion and. had 'since been ill. When she
man s overcoat and a woman's dress. He
towed the little sloop ashore and turned
the garments over to the railroad officials
at the point.
,It is believed that it was from this boat
that mysterious cries for help were heard
late last night. The new element of mys
tery is the woman's dress.' The cries last
night were those of a man. who may have
been the. owner of the overcoat. Talk of
a possible murder and suicide or * double
Policeman Magee, who was on guard at
the new building being erected at Page
and Franklin streets last night, saw two
boys prowling about the place in a sus
picious manner and started after them.
The boys ran and the policeman fired a
shot In the air, whereupon one of them
stopped. The captured boy gave his
name as George Donaghue and said he
lived at 617 McAllister street. His part
ner's name, he said, was Smith, and they
both were engaged in stealing pies, and
cakes from bakery wagons.
Shortly after he was brought to the po
lice station Fred Simmons of, 728 McAllis
ter street entered the jail and said that
Jie had been held up out near" the park
and robbed of GO cents. He identified
Donaghue. who is about 17 years ot aye,
as the highwayman." ,The police do not
place much credence In Simmons' Identi
fication.
Fondness for 'Pies and Cakes
Leads to a Lad's Journey
POLICE CATCH
A BOY BURGLAR
ARRIVKD.*^
. . Friday, December 21.
Stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, 7 days 3 hours 15
minutes from'. Honolulu. - • ' ; ¦
.• Stmr Colon.: McKlnnon. 22 days from Pana
ma, via Mazatlan 6 days.
Stmr Columbia," Doran. 3 days from Port
land. • , ; - ¦ .
MISCELLANEOUS.
PORT TOWNSEND, Dec 21-Stmr off Cape
Flattery is flying distress signals. Description
resembles that of stmr Chaa D Lane
NEAH'BAY, Dec 21— A 2-raast American
stmr at ; 4:3O p m la :flylnr;»lgnals of distress
and flrins rockets. , '
> . DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrived Dec 21— Ship C
F Sargent, from Honolulu: schr Forester hence
Dec 8, reports eehr Bangor, from Lahaina. and
ship .Queer* Margaret, from". Hongkong, v »a
straits. . . . ; ." ;. . . . \ -
NEAH BAT— Passed In Dec 21— Ship Reuce
from Yokahama.f,«hip Glory of the Seas. h«nc4
~ Pas^w, out / De S 5 1— Stmr Rainier and stmr
Gen Frlbl«, for San Francisco. ~ . ': --•
.GRAySJHARBOR-Arrived Dec 21-Schr John
A, from San Pedro; Fanny Dutard. from San
Pedro: ; Chas.'.Wilson..' he*e# Dec. 8..
: Stmr Xewburg, hence Dec 12, not yet arrived.
LATE SHIPPING INTEIJJGENOe]
BOLD BOBBERS
IN THE TANKS
into this courtroom and Impeached them
# I e on tne stand? But after a period
of five months counsel comes into this
court and stands before this jury and ask* |
you to brand defendant's witnesses as
Two of the Men Whom the
Police Believe Held Up
John Kunst Caught.
Detective George McMahon and Police
Officer Fennell last night arrested A.
Pizzoll. alias; Bode, alias Devine. who l.
well known to the police, and charged him
with stealing uoo chotce cigars from a
K»t£ .SiK.S?.' M ?'««T« J r .treet,
The stolen property has been recovered.
Stole a IiOt of Cigars.
.After the holdup of John Kunst as he
was about to enter his home a few nights
ago Chief Sullivan gave Implicit orders
ao^th^de^pe^a^rSbblfs 0 " * rUnnln *
?w s Jh« ajr PolIcema n deters learned
that three men answering the description
of the robbers had visited a saloon on the
Baroary Coast several hotrfs after th«
holdup of Kunst and handing their re
¦fc-any the following day one of the trio
returned to the saloon and asked for the
.n^ n «>, left i' a " er J>r"m«slng to return dur!
1,5 t * he nlsht and Tcautionins the bartender
P&o^s w^h n £. hlnS ab ° Ut ?£
AS a in te [h t e he J a r ,o% r n r "v t ,s t ife < d b S e c^
Prison and positively identified PeterSon
who is also known as Wilson, and WiU
llama as being two of the men who had
left the revolvers with him: -
Edward Wilson, who. the police b»v
answers the description of the third rob-'
ber^was arrested by Detectives Ryan anJ
Ol>ea last- night at Sixth and Howard
streets while attempting to dispose T>f a
lady's gossamer. He was takpn m It,!
Hall of Justice and his name entered on
the small book. When searched \ the
prison a loaded revoiver. a number of
p eces of jewelry and several paw-nUck
ets.were found In his pocket*
Two of the trio of robbers who recently
committed several daring holdups in the
Western Addition are locked up in the
City Prison. They were arrested last
night on Pacific otreet by Sergeant Don
ovan and Policeman Peters.
The men gave their names aa "Aleck"
Peterson and "Gus" Williams. Both are
well known to the police, having been ar
rested on several occasions for various
crimes.
present at that time and participated in
the. examination of these witnesses, per
forming the duty of . croes-examninp:
them? Do you medn to say that during
the past five months counsel for plaintiff
were Idle concerning the reputation of
these witnesses? Don't you know that if
counsel for plaintiff could have ascer
tained one Jot against the testimony of
these men they would have brought it
MYSTERY OF THE BAY OF SAN FRANCISCO
THAT SAVORS OF AN AWFUL TRAGEDY
Man's Overcoat and a Woman's Dress Are Found on a Sloop
Drift incr Off Point RirhmnnH
.tuning uii roint rucnmona.
EX-JUDGE MAGUIRE OF PLAINTIFF'S COUNSEL IN VON SCHROEDER CASE IN THE MIDST OF HIS OPEN
ING ARGUMENT, THREE HOURS AND A HALF IX)NG. D. M. DELMAS TAKES NOTES INDUSTRIOUSI Y
IN PREPARATION FOR HIS ARGUMENT FOR DEFENDANT. H'fl
he read It on the train coming from Sa
linas the day it was published. On the
day of the publication of that article
when he was returning on the train from
Salinas to San Francisco in perusing the
columns of The Call he discovered that
article for the first time. The first knowl
edge he had ever gained on the subject
was when he read that article in the col
umns of his newspapMV
"Did Mr. Loake receive this information
from a reliable source? Mr. Spreckels'
tells you, Mr. L<eak<5 tells you that they
were both personally acquainted with
General Warfleld for several years; that
he is a man of Manding In the com
munity of San Francisco, holding a very
prominent position in the National Guard
of this State, known throughout the
length and breadth of this State. General
Warfleld. a man of that position and ac
quaintance In the State communicated
these facts to Mr. Leake.
"Was pot Mr. Leake, as manager of
this paper, Justified in taking the state
ment from the lips of such a man? Was
it not a proper thing for him to do, as
manager of a great public journal. In pro
tecting the morals of this State and in de
fense of the reputaiion of the women of
our State, that when such facts were re
lated to him by a man of the prominence
and standing of General Warfleld to be
lieve that he had received, that informa
tion from a sufficiently reliable authority
to give it publication?
"Witnesses Not Impeached.
"I was somewhat astonished at the
statements .of the learned counsel, Judge
Maguire, concerning the witnesses for the
defense. 'Every witness that- took the
stand for the defendant ¦was a perjurer
and ought to be behind prison bars.' That
la the statement made in effect by counsel
for plaintiff in his argument covering a
little over three hours. Upon what theory
does counsel base such a statement' Upon
what theory does he stand before this
court and this Jury and vilify and brand
as a perjurer and a villain every witness
that took the stand for the defense?
Is there any evidence here impeachinsr
these men? Why, gentlemen, don't you
know that the deposition of the witnesses
Peters. Bailey, Ballard and Moss were
taken during the month of June, 1900 and
that counsel for the plaintiff knew 'what
they would testify to. because he was
set and whether or not we have lived up
to that defense is a matter for you to de
termine, gentlemen, when you retire to
tlje jury-room.
v That we have sustained this defense
there is no question — there can be no dis
pute. We have proved the truth of this
publication and we have justified it com
pletely.
"L'nder the law of this State we are
not obliged to prove the truth of every
word in this alleged libelous publication.
The Supreme Court of this State does not
require that degree of proof from a de
fendant in a case of this nature. The
Supreme Court pays that it is sufficient
If the substance or gist or sting of tho
charge is justified. That we have done
that, gentlemen, that we have justified
absolutely within the meaning of that de
cision, I say there can be no dispute at
this time. Before you can find a verdict
against the defendant In this case It must
be shown that malice, either expressed or
implied, exists. Actual malice, when the
publication is made through motives of
ill will; Implied, when the article pub
lished Is libelous per se.
Absence of Malice.
"Without the proof of that malice the
plaintiff's action fails and he cannot re
cover against* my client here. Have they
shown' that Mr. Spreckels, the defendant
in this case, had any malice against this
plaintiff? Have they shown that at any
time the defendant in this case ever in
any manner or form acted In a malicious
manner toward the plaintiff here? On
the contrary, we have shown here and
we have proved to you that the defendant
In this case, within ten days prior to the
publication of this article in question, ten
days prior to the 25th day of October, 1899.
suppressed the publication of an article
concerning the plaintiff here. He arose
from his bed at 1 o'clock In the morning
and went down to The Call building In
San Francisco for the purpose of passing
upon that article. D.i you recall that tes
timony? What was done? That article
was 'killed,' to use the language of Mr.
Spreckels — the article was suppressed.
"I want to fay to you further that un
der the evidence here that is now before
you Mr. Spreekels, when this article was
published, was not in San Francisco and
he never had any knowledge whatever of
the publication of euch an article until
In the case? The perjured testimony of
the hoVo witness. Bailey? Not a «ord
about the Bailor incident in any informa
tion that he received prior to the publica
tion of the article. So he is here seek
ing to Justify hi? conduct by an attempt
to prove things that lie certainly 41d not
have information concerning when he
published it.
"Who i* Bailey? Did you notice the un
rteady plltt.r of that fellow's eye?? That
i« a face that would impress a man
wherever it mi^ht be met. You meet such
faces generally in the dockets of court
rooms nnd in "the eclir of prisons. That
face belongs in the penitentiary. A:«d if
you met MJch a face In a crowded 'street
>-ou would Instinctively put your hands to
your pockets to prevent them from being
picked. I never saw a more sneak-thief
appearance on the face of any man that 1
*>ver hive come in contact with than that
man B-iiley. Never. God Almighty. In
his ro^rey and justice, has put the stamp
of hi? warning upon the faces of euch
men. but that warning uoon the counle
r.aiice cf a s=eou:idrel sometimes serves the
purpose «>f dr-siRninE men. A shrewd
manipulator of libel d>»fens€5. seeing such
a man, wcuM say. 'There is a man whom
] can hire to blacken the character of any
man that ever lived.* " >._j
Perjury Charged.
In the course cf his lor.c argument Mr.
Maguiie treated of the testimony of each
of thf witnerse* for defendant, called at
tention to explanations made on the
ftand by the ltaron and his brother, and
la n?arly every case denounced the wit
ness a« a perjurer. In conclusion he said:
"W*' expect a. verdict at your hands in
favor of the plaintiff because the defen
dant has not justified a single sentenca
nf his libel, and we expect a verdict thai
Fhall be a vindication of the plaintiff, that
shall compensate him according to the
measure cf compensation which will be
?tat-?d to you by the court and that shall
Fcrve cs an example and warning to
<~thcr lihe'ers. The comp'.aint has asued
for $25*1.000 damages. I submit that in this
oaf? that award would not be unreason
able. But that whol*' matter, as the court
will instruct you. rerts entirely in your
ci«cretlon and with you.
"I thank you for your attention and
consideration. "We are willing to leave
the case with you if the gentlemen are
still willing to submit it without argu
ment en their part."
COCHRANE FOR
THE DEFENDANT
Plaintirr Failed to Deny Testi
mony as to His Im
moral Conduct.
James W. Cochrar.e follower! Mr. Ma
/ruire with the opening argument for the
defendant. He said in Dart:
"I ask you to bear with me while. I
bring to your mind what I consider the
most salient points of the evidence in
this case, and at the outset let me 6ay to
you that testimony of a most extraor
dinary and appalling nature has been ad
duced here, testimony which during my
experience practicing betore this bar has
never been heard within the walls of this
courtroom. I want to say to you that in
introducing this testimony Mr. Spreckels
and his counsel have lone so reluctantly,
but the nature of thts action that was
brought against Mr. iSpieckels gave him
and his counsel no other alternative than
to tear the false mask from the face of
this plaintiff that he had been wearing
and bring him. before this court and this
jury in his true Ugat and in his true
nature.
"Knowir.g you, gentlemen of the Jury,
as I have for years, you certainly mu.n
have experienced within your bosoms a
feeling of surprise at The nature of this
testimony and that euch a condition of
things should exist within thi3 commu
nity, within the shadow of your own
homes and your own firesides. A condition
of things, 1 say. gentlemen, appalling la
their nature and in the circumstances
connected with them. And as I view »hs
testimony now that is before you and
upon which you are to pass judgment the
pJcJntlff in this case appears before. this
court hy testimony absolutely undisputed
and uncontradicted and put of his own
mouth, a monster in r.um.in form, mas
•juerading in society as a titled' gentle
man. That is the way he appears to m~,
pentlemen. Destroying and corrupting
married women *and' injuring and ruining
young girls.
Act of Permanent Good.
"I Eay to you that General Warfleld
and his wife. Mrs. Wai field, aid this com
munity and society at large an act of
Permanent good ¦when they brought these
facts forward aj-^I that Mr. Spreckels. as
the owner and proprietor of a great pub
lic journal, did an act of substantial good
to society in making these facts known;
and if this great daiiv paper failed and
rpfused to publish the statement of facts
it would have been guilty of an act det
rimental to the public morals and the
repu'.ation of the women of our State. 1
"In the outset, gentlemen, of this caso
we stated to you that our defense was
made up of two parts, the- first of which
was that if this article is> true, or substan
tially true, there is no libel. Our second
defense is mitigation of damages, after
inquiry into reliable sources. That was
the statement of our defense at the out-
FALLS FROM CAB AND
IS SEVERELY INJURED
George L. Xeis of the Joshua Hendy
Machine Company fell from a rapidly
moving car last night and ¦was badly
bruised. He was on his way home when
the accident happened. The Injured man
v/a» taken to the French Hospital and
after having his many bruises dressed
was placed in a ward.
At a late hour last night Mr. Neis was
resting easily. He is a prominent man in
mining circle? on this coast and'form
erly h*>ld many positions of prominence in
the Esft.
perjurers upon bis own bar&naked state- 1
ment, when he had ample vne to scour '
the country and ascertain i*. here was a
single thing against these ran. Do you
know why he did not do la? Bcanse the?
could not find anything againstUitse men.
Not only has counsel assailed tie reputa
tion of these men, but he even fees so far
as to attack the witnesses FlaJerty and
Jewell— men who have lived In til3 com
munity for years.
Bebuttal Testimony. \
"Mr. Jewell gave most da magi ni testi
mony against plaintiff, and It was neces
sary to • find witnesses to discredU htm.
They bring Michael Murray and Josiph J.
Murray, lather and son, men who hav •
been in the employ of Baron von Sclro- ¦
der for a period covering ten or twelve
years, and who at this very time are aiv
ing the plaintiff to and from this court
room, what else could be expected of
them? Why did they not bring otler*
- here, reputable citizens retired from btsi
ness? Because they could not find sich
men In the community to attack Mr. Jew
ell's character.
"Other witnesses here are branded bs
perjurers simply because they could xot
remember the particular day or hour^f
certain occurrences. Witness Bailey ls>a
perjurer because he did not remember ki
every case In what town he was at ce|n
tain dates. "When you find a witness wh»
always remembers the day and the hou|
and the place I tell you more suspicion at
taches to his testimony than if in soma\
cases his memory had failed him.
"An attempt has been made to show
malice on the part of defendant by the
introduction of an editorial published in
The Call of October 25. Is there a single
word in that editorial that does not meet
the approval of every man on this Jury?
A Journal T%hh such ideals is a public ben
efit and that editorial should meet with
unanimous approval.
"Plaintiffs counsel attacks the witness
Ballard, who testified that plaintiff?
gave him five dollars and told him to let
him know If the Baroness came to th-a
clubhouse. Why should the Baron be
anxious for such Information if he wen
conducting himself with, the propriety du-j
from a man of his position?
Plaintiff Fails to Deny.
"Baron von Schroeder. gentlemen, took
the stand in this case. Did he make an 1 *
attempt to deny any of the testimony o";
the witnesses for the defense? He sa.
throughout the whole course of this trhl
listening to the nature of the testimony
that was adduced, with not even a blusi
of shame upon his face. "With the ex
ception of a few generalities. Mr. von
Schroeder took the stand and acqujescci
In their statements. I say that his testi
mony Is an absolute admission of • '¦ ¦
testimony of the witnesses for. the de
fense. He did not take the stand ana
make any attempt to deny the incident*
that occurred on Bell avenue, but he dM
say that the lady was not drunk. He sai<l
no glasses were broken except when th«
health of the lady was toasted. And tha:
only In those cases, which. under the evi
dence here were quite frequent, a glass
¦was thrown over his shoulder an.l
broken.
"Did this titled gentleman deny tha:
champagne was consumed In the club
house at early hours of the morning,
ladies belngr present? Did this titled gen
tleman deny that he sat over in tha
clubhouse at all hours of the night am!
all hours of the morning drinking win*
with the ladies ana the ladies paying for
that wine? Did he make any attempt ta
deny that? Did he deny that ho gave
Ballard the five dollars for the purpose ,
of keeping a watch for his wife? Did h»
deny that he went into the rear room off
the bar of the clubhouse and sat with a
lady in his lap. his brother also having a
lady on hij lap?
"Did he deny that one night when wine
was being served in one of those back
rooms a single lady, one of thu
party, seized a bottle of champagne an.l
refused to give it up to the rest, saying.
'This is for my boy— my boy Alex'? DUl
the plaintiff in this case, or th« Baron
Alex attempt to deny that? Did eithtr
of them attempt to deny that at that
same time the married lady who was
present, not the wife of either of thes-;
gentlemen, said. 'Waiter, bring us an
other bottle of wine'? Did they denyithat
at that time one of these ladies paid for
a part of the wine that thea© titled gen
tlemen were drinking?
"Does he deny that the light wa*
turned out three different times on the
clubhouse porch in one night when th-*
plaintiff and a lady were sitting therer
Why the turning out of the light? Baron
Alex says the light was turned out be
cause It hurt their eyes. Do you believe
that statement?
"Does the> plaintiff deny that he -was
¦walking about the hotel grounds at vari
ous times with his arm around a woman
who was not his wife?
"Now, gentlemen, -I have not covered
all the evidence in this case. My asso
ciate. Mr. Delmas, will take up what I
have left untouched and I will therefore
close what remarks I have to say. But
before doing so I desire to say that aa
far as this article Is concerned we havo
proved the truth of It. The. defenijanr
has fully Justified it not only by the testi
mony of our witnesses but by the admis
sions of the plaintiff and his brother, k
They hav« shown no malice here on th#|
part of Mr. Spreckels or on the part of
Mr. Leake, the manager of the paper. In
the absence of such proof you cannot flni
against the- defendant. So I ask you. gen
tlemen, in view of the evidence that ha*
been adduced here, to return a verdict in
favor of the defendant in this case."
OPENING ARGUMENTS OF COUNSEL IN VON SCHROEDER CASE
THE SA^T FRAXCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22, *90<\
2
THE DAY'S DEAD.
*;. To Cure a Cold in" One Day '. f:> '-¦.-¦
Take T*jcatlv» Bromo ; Quinine » Tablets:! All
aniKKl«ti fefund money If It fails to cure. E
W. Grove's elgnature is on each box. J5c. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Scenic Souvenirs
Nothing like them anywhere.
Local scenes on beautiful
Crown China, Placques and
Plates.
OUff Houso
Fort Point
¦ YosemHe
Old Missions
Lick Observatory
'Washington Capita f
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Great American TmDortinff Tea Co.
CITY 6T0RBS.
210 Grant Ave., bet. Post and Setters
861 Market 6t., opp. Powell.
I4O Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third fit. 1819 Devlsadero St.
1*6 Ninth 6t- 2OO8 FiMmore 6t.
3006 Sixteenth 6t. 621 Montgomery Avb
SSI8 Mission St. 3283 Mission St.
7O5L»rWln6t. 2732 24th St.
655 Hayes 6t. 47S Halftht St. '
' 52 Market St. ' .
• OAKLAND STORES. I
f 053 Washington St ' 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Ave. 010 E. 12th St. ¦¦¦
. I5IO Seventh 6t.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
6AN RAFAEL-B St.. near Fourth,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
POINTS OF EXCELLENCE.
A Few Seasons Wnich. Are Rapidly
Making a New Catarrh Curo
Famous.
Stnart's Catarrh Tablets, the new Ca-
tarrh cure. ha3 the following advantages
over other catarrh remedies:
First: These tablets contain no cocamp.
morphine or any other injurious drug and
are as safe and beneficial for children as
foradults; this is an important point wh»n
It Is recalled that many catarrh remedies
do contain these very objectionable lngre«
dlents.
Next: Belns In tablet form this remcly
does not deteriorate with age. or an ex*
posure to the air as liquid preparations in-
variably do.
Next: The tablet form not only pn»-
eerves the medicinal properties but it is
bo far mere convenient to carry and to
use at any time that it Is only a question
of time when the tablet will entirely su-
persede liquid medicines, as it has alfeady
done In the medical department of tha
United States army.
Next: No secret Is made of the compo-
sition of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets; they
contain the active principle of Eucalyptus
bark, red gum. blood root and Hydraatlr;.
all harmless antiseptics which, however.
are death to catarrhal germs whw?v«r
found, because they eliminate them frota 1
the blood. '
Next: Ton can not care catarrh bv lo-
cal applications to the nose and throat,
because these are simply local symptoms
and such treatment can not possibly reach
the real'seat of catarrhal disease, which
Is the blood; for this reason. Inhalers.
douches, sprays and powders never icu'V-
cure catarrh, but simply give temporary
relief which a dose of plain salt and water
will do Just a» well.
Catarrh must be driven out of the sys-
tem, out of the blood, by an Internal rem-
edy because an Internal remedy la the only
kind which can be assimilated into tha
blood.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets do this better
than the old form of treatment becau«o
they contain every safe specific known to
modern science in the antiseptic treatment
of the disease.
_ Next: Tha use of Inhalers and spraying
apparatuses, ¦besides being Ineffective and,
disappointing, is expensive, while a com-
plete treatment of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets can be had at any drug store In tha
United States and Canada for 50 cents.
<;> ' *»
Notice l« hereby ftlven that * re-
ward o^ S3OO will bo paid tor In-
formation leodlnft to the arrest
and conviction of parties who ma-
llclously or otherwise tamper with
the poles, lines, transformers,
wires, manholes, cables, conduits,
lamps, meter*, fuses or other*
property of the Independent Elec-
tric Ll&ht and Power Company.
, " ...»
... ?ST. PAUL. Minn.. Dec. TL— The Great
Northern Railway Company has Increased
Its capital stock to 10.000 shares at W>1 a
share, making $1,000,000. The company,
through Its president. James J.Hlll. and Its
secretary. Edward J. Nichols, filed proper
notices with the Secretary of State to
day. The company has Increased Its stock
because of the growth and earning ca
pacity oi the road, and It Is the Intention
to make developments all along the line,
both on tracks and on rolling stock.
Increases Its Stock.
GULF PORT. 'Miss.. Dec tl.— Henry
Lewis, the alleged'' negro murderer of
Marshal Richardson, has not been caugrht.
though bloodhounds and posses are still
after, him. ¦ ¦
• The negro Lewis, who was lynched here
yesterdav by. a mob. it now appears, was
a -cousin cf the alleged murderer and
wholly innocent of the crime.
The father of Henry Lewis has been
captured and Is in Jail at Mobile. His
brother Joseph, who was captured yester
day. Is in jail at Scranton.
Lynching is probable If the guilty fugi
tive Is caught. -*%BSiS8i0l&B£BBNl3MUi
Cousin Suffered for the Crime
Hs Committed.
Henry Lewis Still at Large, but His
MISSISSIPPI MOB '
LYNCHED WBONG MAN
. CHICAGO. Dec. 2L— Fifty thousand dol
lars in gold Is to be distributed by the
American Express Company among Its
employes as Christmas remembrances.
Every man who has been in . the employ
of the company for one year will : receive
a $5 sold piece on Christmas eve. It is
estimated that there - are over 10.000 em
ployes In the United States, Canada. and
Europe who will be remembered in this
way.. - - -..•,- _ . . _ .
Give A-way Thousands of
Dollars.
American Express Company "Will
CHRISTMAS GIFTS '\-*
TO ALL OLD EMPLOYES
Gold and * liver are penred abundantly Isto
the lap of the nation, but our material wealth
aad strength ia rather la lroa. the most naefol
of all metals. Just as the wcaJta cf a human
being- lies In a osefnl stomach. If 70a have
overworked yours until it is disabled, try Hot
tetter's Stomach Bitters. It will retiere th*
dossed bowel*. Improve tae appetite aad car*
constipation, dyspepsia. bUlou«a«sa. liver asd
kidney disease- *
Our Nation's Wealth.
Annapolis Floated.
, NORFOLK, Va.. Dec. 2L— The United
States sunboat Annapolis, which ran
aerour.d opposite Lamberts Point early
this morning, was floated In the afternoon
by tugs- The vessel is not thought to b*
Injured.
PITTSTON. Pa.. Dec 21.— Th" cave-in at
the Ravine mine of the Pennsylvania
Coal Company, which commenced yester
day, continued to-day. Before noon the
principal .streets cf the city for a distance
of thirty-five feet fell into tbe mines. The
cave-ln Is the most serious In the history
of the anthracite region. It is feared
ether sections will also sink. Water and
pas mains were brokelf by to-day's cave
ln and water Is flooding the mines. Seven
houses hare been badly damaged. It is
stated the collapse was caused by the
robbing of the mine pillars
¦iiiM'imi'ii ¦ Jiii 1 1 'h»ii iw i * ' irfi i ' i HH'i i JjrlMfliiBKiMnMMW
Cave-In at the Ravine Continues and
It Is Feared Other Sections •
Will Sink.
HOUSES SINK INTO
PENNSYLVANIA MINE
PORT TOWNSEND. Dec. a.— The
schooner Forester. Just arrived from Cape
Flattery, reports having sighted a steam
er this morning between Flattery Rock
and Tatoosh Island flying signals of dis
tress. The captain of the Forester was
unable to make out the name of the
ste2mshlp. as a fearful gale was blowing.
The description he dves of the steamship
Indicates that the distressed vessel is the
Charles D. l-ane. which sailed from here
on Tuesday evening with one million feet
cf lumber. The vessel is in a dangerous
position, and if the wind continues she is
liable to go en the rocks and become a
total loss with all on board. Further par
ticulars are not obtainable on account or
the telegraph office at Neah Bay being
clc Fed for the nlghu
Last night and to-day a terrific south
westerly -wind prevailed in the Straits of
San Juan de Fuca. The steamship Rob
ert Dollar, coal laden, for San Francisco.
after an ineffectual attempt to make
headway against it. returned here at noon
to-day and is awaiting the abatement of
the wind.
The barkentlne Klickitat, lumber laden,
sailed >esterda.y. but returned to-day.
Other vee&els succeeded In reaching Port
Angeles. The continued rain and wind
stern: has been the most severe known
here for years and much damage has been
done along the' Port Townsend Southern
Railroad, a number of washouts having
occurred.
The steamship Al-Kl. arriving from the
rcrth this afternoon, reports the steamer
Topeka still hanging on Sullivan Island
with about twenty feet of her fore keel
gone and one of her plates torn off. It is
the opinion of these returning from the
vessel that she will never be floated.
Believed to Be tbe Charles D. Lane,
Laden With a Cargo of
Lumber.
STEAMER 'IN DISTRESS
SIGHTED OFF FXATTEB.Y
address at the graduating exercises of the
thirty-fifth class of the . Pierce ScHool ot
Business at the Academy of Music
He said la part: "The true golden rule
lies at the foundation of all that makes
life worth living and Is the parent o/
every success worth gaining. t
"We hear a great deal Just now In con
"demnation and defense of trusts and
combinations. Quite lately a short ar
ticle in opposition to them was sent me
which I was informed was the result of
much thought on the part of an able
thinker. As I glanced on It my eye fell
on a description of a community of peo
ple whose wants were supplied by trades
men and craftsmen who were their neigh
bors. They dealt together -as friends In
terested in* each other's welfare and will
ing to yield something to each other's
circumstance*.
•This description was followed by an ar
raignment of combinations and trusts as
destroyers of this happy situation by first
monopolizing certain branches of the
business done ih the communities and
then displacing with their stranger agents
and representatives the dealers and
craftsmen who were their neighbors
and friends. There may be much or litti<s
misfortune in such a cnange. but I cou'>l
not help feeling that the simple, natural,
healthy, live and let live conditions first
described were worth perpetuating."
Continuing Mr. Cle\-eland said the world
owes us Just such a living as we can
gain by hard work, the exercise of all our
mental faculties, a scrupulous adherence
to the ru!fs of honesty and a never-failing
obedience to the dictates of enlightened
conscience.
Mr. Cleveland emphasized the import
ance of self-reliance and perseverance.
"We must exclude as our standard of
success mere money-getting for its own
sake," he said.
Says Golden Rule Ides at Foundation
of All That Makes Life Worth
Living.
PHILADELPHIA. Dee. 2L-<5rover
Cleveland to-n!ght delivered the annual
EX-PRESIDENT CLEVELAND
GIVES VIEWS ON TRUSTS
BERLIN. Dec ZL — The northwest group
cf tte Society cf G*rcaa Iron and Steel
Compares has petitioned the Prussian
Ministry cf Raflrrayg ar.d Public Works
for reduced fr^-ifhts on orss. bar iron, wire
ar.d the like. w:th a view of encouraging
«=xp-rts.
Desire Freight Reductions.
WICHITA. Kar.5.. Dec. 21.— H. F. Ste
vens, traveling, salesman for Robling &
Co. of Chicago, rsade two desperate at
tempts at suicide in the city jail to-day.
Finclng no otier weapon he broke a
pewter sjv?on an<J with the rough end
tried to dig a hole in his Jugular vein,
Fc'lirr In that te used the tla point of an
cp*r.ed tomnto e&n ar:d would have suc
o^eded had cot the police discovered him.
Previous to that he attempted hanging
•with his suspenders. He was placed In
;£.:'. i£5t right for having alarmed the
city ¦«•:?*: -wild yells during a fit of tre
rner:s. Remorse, he says, induced him to
attempt EU'.cide.
Uses Improvised Weapons on
His Throat.
H. F. Stevens, a Traveling Salesman,
MAZES, TWO ATTEMPTS
TO END HIS I,IFE
. WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— The prelim
inary report on the income account ot
railways In the United States for the
year ending June. 30. 1900. prepared by the
statistician to the Interstate Commerce
Commission, contains returns of operat
ing railway companies representing 130, *06
miles of line.
-The gross earnings of the railways in
cluded in this report were $1.4S0,675,C64, or
$7775 per mile of line. Of these earnings
$5W.S60,760 were classed as passenger earn
ings and $1.04S.2SS.S75 as freight earnings.
The gross earnings shown in. the final re
port for the preceding year were $1,313,
610,118.
. * Operating expenses for the last fiscal
year aggregated $S5«.S14.H3, or $5025 per
mile of line. The net earnings of the
roads embraced In this advance report
were $523,555,912 for 1S00. or $73,110,747 more
than they were for 1S33. Income from In
vestments and other sources amounting
to $60,575,700 was received, so that the total
income was $3S4,534.O2.
Figures Prepared bj the Statistician
\ * "" of Interstate Commerce
Commission.
WASHINGTON', Dec. a.— The commis
sion made up of members of the Senate
and House of Representatives In Congress,
known as the Postal Commission, has
about completed its labors and probably
will make its report to Congress by Janu
ary 10. Numerous charges having -been
made of exorbitant sums charged the
Government for carriage of mails by th<s
railroads and for use of postal cars, eta.
Congress committed to this v Joint Con
gressional commission the duty of mak
ing a thorough investigation of rates
paid railroads for mail transportation.
The Senators on the commission ara
Messrs. Wolcott, Addison, Chandler and
-Martin and the Representatives Loud.
Moody. Catchings and Fleming.
The investi&aUon has been in progress
during the last two years and has Deen
exhaustive in all branches. The commis
sion has visited San Francisco. Chicago.
New York. Buffalo. Detroit and Boston
taking testimony. It is understood that
the commission is unanimous in the view
that the specification of exorbitant rail
road mail carrying charges amounting io
three or four times the fair value have
not been sustained by the testimony. One
of the specifications was that the cost of
railroad carriage to the Government
could be cut twenty-five per cent at once
and that investigation would show that a
reduction of seventy-five per cent could
be made, so that the total annual cost to
the Government would be about $8,000,009
instead of upward of $33,000,000. It is this
specification which. It i= understood, tha
commission is unanimous in not sustain
ing.
Its members are not yet agreed, how
ever, on the question as to whether there
is any overcharge, and this is the chief
point yet to be decided. It Is not yet clear
that the report will be unanimous on all
points. .'. ¦¦!'•'-'
INCOME OF BAIL WAYS
IN THE UNITED STATES
Views Expressed by Mem
bers of ths Postal Com
mission.
RAILROAD RATES
NOT EXORBITANT
The appropriations and contracts, ag
gregating over J25.0C0.0iO for the Western
States, and the largest Kastcrn items
shown by the tame, are:
Harbors— Boston harbor, new project,
cash. J600.000; contracts. $3,000.00).
Xew York— Buttermilk channel, cash.
$300,000: contracts. $1,500,000.
Buffalo— At Erie basin and Black Rock
harbor, cash. £00,000; contracts. J514.M3.
Georgia— Savannah, new phoject. con
tract. $1,000,000. - , -
Louisiana— Mouth West pass. Mississip
pi, cash, IC*0.000; contracts. $2.iSO,000.
Texas— Galves'.on harbor, cash, KOO.OOO;
contracts. $1,000,000. . _'
Ohio— Cleveland, cash, $600,0*); contracts,
$2,200,000.
California— Sail Diego, cash, $50,000; con
tracts, I217.S50: San Luis Obispo. cash,
$50,000. - ¦' . ¦
Oregon— Tillamook Bay and bar, cash,
$27,000.
Washington— Olympic harbor, cash, $25,
000: Tacoma, cash, $30,000. Rivers. .
Pensvlvania — Delaware. River. 'N. J., and
Pennsylvania, cash, $600.000;. contracts, $2,
400.000. • - .
Florida— St. John's River from Jackson
ville to the ocean, cash, $35,000; contracts,
$3ii0 f 000. - • - - • - - -•-•¦.'-..-..-
Texas — Trinity River, cash, $150,000; con
tracts; $600,000. ¦ .......
Ohio— Ohio River, cash, J4W.O00: .dam. at
Cullom's Ripple, cash, $KO.C»X»; contracts,
$350,000; locks.- cash, $150,000; contracts.
$750,000. . . .
Michigan— Detroit, cash. $500,000; con
tracts, fr.250,000: West Neeblsh, cash,' $500,
000: contracts. 14.000.000.
Mississippi River— Reserves at headwat
ers, cash, $300,000: river from the head of
the passes to the mouth of the Ohio, cash,'
$2,500,000: contract. $5,000,000; between the
Missouri and rit- Paul, cash, $1,300,000; con
tract. n.600.000; Missouri River general im
provements from Sioux City and mouth.
cash. $300,000; rerro\*al of obstructions
above Sioux City. cash. $40,000. .
Oregon— Columbia River at the . Cas
cades. cash,\ S30.C00; mouth of Columbia
River, cash, contracts. $1,500,050;
lower Willamette and Columbia Rivers
below Portland, cash. $225,000; Willamette
River above Poitland and Yamhill River;
cash," $70,010: Coquille River, general im
provement. $40,000; Siuslaw River,- mouth
of. cash. $26,000; examination, surveys and
contingencies of rivers and harbors, in
spection cf bridges, etc.. cash. $200,000.:*-^
The statement- does not cover, in detail
the surveys to be authorized and general
provisions of legislation, as these features
are not yet completed, and will probably
be given out to-morrow. . ...
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— The. river and
harbor bill was completed to-night, and
Chairman Burton gave out a statement
showing: tbe amounts appropriated. The
total Is approximately ot which
about 123,iW,V» I? on direct appropriations
and about $37,000,000 In the authorization
of contracts for continuous work.' Com
pared with former river and harbor bills,
the present one 2s the second largest on
record, and, after the Senate has added
amendments, it is expected to be well up
to if not ahead of all previous records. The
bill of 1£X? carried S39.9SS.165. and that of
1SS7. which was the largest on record, car
ried $72,7*5,954.
Appropriations the Second
Largest in History of
the Country.
RIVER AND HARBOR
BILL COMPLETED
The 'Wolcott family lias been connected
since early times with the history of tills
country. As far back as 1745 a Rog«:r
Wolcott was In command of the. Connecti
cut forces at the siege of Louiiburj?. and
was Governor of Connecticut colony a f<?vr
grandauchter of Colonel WIMlana Pres
cott, who commanded the American
forces at the battle of Bunker Hill.
years later. Oliver Wolcott. his son. wis
a signer of the Declaration of Indepen
dence, took an active part in the strug
gle for liberty and was afterward elecr^l
State Governor of Connecticut. A second !
Oliver Wolcott was Secretary of th<?
Treasury from 1755 to 1797. and from IS!? ,
to 1S?7 served as the seventh Governor t-t
the State of Connecticut.
According to recent statistics there 1*
one man in about five hundred la tne
I'nited {States who recfives a college edu
cation.
Company, appeared before the Industrial
Commission to-«iay and gave testimony re
pani:r-g marine architecture.
Mr. F&rquhar of the commission wanted
to know why it Is that Americas money
coe* not seek investment in tra_as-At!antic
er.d Pactf.c trade,
"The first reason." Mr. Crzzz? replied.
"is that it does not pay. ar.d the second
!• that vhe people hive not been educated
to the b-Elness. A person cannot make
coney unless te has been educated In the
use cf it."
2ir. r&r^uhar askefl if It was true, as
reported, that the increased cost of bulld
'.T.g a ship in this country over .that of a
icrelgt: built vessel was responsible for
the lack cf American interest in the ia
dx:»trj-. 3Jr. Cras:p said the first cost of
s. chip wsls scarcely worth considering.
bst that the ccst oi operating the vessel,
which was a daily expenditure, wus an
Costin— np. ilr. Cramp asserted tnat
tzzzt Americans are buying British caat
cH ships at a targain ar.d are denouncing
the subsidy bill because they will not ben
efit by !t- Mr. Cramp said that the cost
of operating foreign vesseis is less than
that of American ships, a.r:d American
people acquainted with the business can
operate ships if they are given the b*n
«et.
"I trn in favor of the subsidv bill." sa'd
Mr. Cramp. "The shipyards in either
America cr England cannot build ships
enough to supply the demand. This being
the case, these vessels being needed, 1
think :f we can build more of our own by
the Introduction of free ships we should
do it. The merchant niarine caiinot be re
habilitated without a subsidy."
Mr. Cramp Eald he thought the subsidy
named in the Hanna bill was "about
ri(?ht-"
¦ Mr. Cramp said: "Great Britain's
f ource cf wealth in her shipbuilding is in
the vessels she builds for other countries.
The shipbuilding interests are assisted by
the Government. I wart to compete with
England."
A reason why this country should have
riore ships. Mr. Cramp said, is the stead
ily decreasing coal supply oi Europe, asjcl
eventually all Europe will come to this
country for coal.
Mr. Cramp spoke of the enormous profit
en armor plate. In building warships for
Russia his eonpar.y wa* compelled to pay
the full rate of %S>> a ton to Carnegie for
erraor. This, he said, was one-third the
ccst of the ship.
"If I could cet the prctt on armor
?ilate." declared Mr. Cramp, "I would
•u"id a warship at cost." *
"At Tha: rrtce could armor plate be
f urr.ished to the Government and give the
producer a fair profit? " Inquired Mr. Ken
nedy.
"I do not know," was the response; "I
would not like to say."
Sh'p Builder Testifies Be
fore the Industrial
Commission.
Says Merchants Favor Foreign-Built
Vessels Because of the Differ
ence in the Cost of
Operation.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. n.-Charles H.
Cramp, head of the Cramp Shipbuilding
CRAMP FAVORS
SUBSIDY BILL
The following Calif ornlans are in New
York: From San Francisco— B. R. Ban
ning, at Herald Square; D. C. Bloom, at
St. Cloud: A, Clark, Miss J. Clark, at
Netherlands; C. H. Felton Jr., at Holland;
C. A. Macomber. at St. Denis: Mrs. C.
Rogers, at Belvedere; Mrs. C. A. Moody,
at St. Denis; H. Webisch, at Cosmopoli
tan; M. Wirner and wife, at Savoy; C. F.
Wright, at Grand; H. Lelghtner, at West
minster: L. von Rosenberg, at Navarre;
S. Waterhouse. at Westminster.
From Los Aneges — A. King, J. King, at
Morton.
From Oakland— Miss Pierce, Mrs. W. L.
Pierce, at Albert.
Frcrr. Napa— T. Oliver, at Broadway
Central.
CLEVELAND'S VIEWS
ON SHIP SUBSIDY BILL
Has Not Changed His Mind Since
Sis Speech at the Launching
of the St. Louis.
PHILADELPHIA, !>ec. 2L— A reporter
fcr the North American to-night asked
ex-President Grover Cltveland for his
opinion on the ship suo.*ldy bill now pend
ing In Congress. He dictated the follow
ing statement, which he said contained all
he cared to say regarding the subsidy
measure:
"In regard to this proposed subsidy I
would refer you to iny speech at the
launching of the St. lxmls. I then said
something in favor of free ships. I have
not changed my mind.
"With our much-vauiited accession to a
position among the world powers I hope
io see not so much instead of more of
that sort of coddling which a less promi
nent place In the family of nations was
claimed by some of our people to ex
cuse."
Recorder Goff to-day sentenced Henry
Zeimer. one of the heads of a fraudulent
divorce bureau, and James Holden, alias
Frank Wilson, a professional co-respond
ent, to three years in State prison.
Californians in New York.
statement in regard to the Democratic
party: *
Richard Olney, Secretary of State
in the Cleveland administration: "I have
read an abstract of the article, but I do
not care to discuss the subject now. I
would prefer to wait until I have read
the article in its entirety before express
ing an opinion, if I have any to express."
J. Sterling Morton: "I fully concur in
the opinions oftMr. Cleveland as to the
causes of the defeat of the Democratic
party In 15*6, and also as to the reasons
for Its bitingly accentuated and vehe
mently emphasized walloping In 1900."
Hilary A. Herbert, who was President
Cleveland's Secretary, of the Navy: "I
Indorse the article heartily, except in so
far as It may be a criticism of the action
of the Democratic party in supporting
Greeley on the liberal Republican plat
form o'f 1S72." ¦
John Dewltt Warner: "My idea Is that
Democrats can best help the party by
taking every opportunity to work against
the Republican party. I agree with Mr.
Cleveland that it Is not so much the re
organization of the party that is neces
sary as the return to old principles, the
first of which is. I believe, to make a de
cided stand In behalf of the people against
any fresh attempt by the 'syndicate that
exploits McKinley to loot the American
people for its benefit."
Edward M. Sheperd: "I will merely say
that I welcome any utterance of Mr.
Cleveland's; It will do good."
Sentence of Swindlers.
* NE7W TORK, Dec. 21.— The following
are comments on Cleveland's
Views on Plight of the
• Democratic Party.
Some Noted Men Express
DSTON. Dec. n.— Former Gover
nor Roger Wolcott died at his
residence in this city to-day. He
became HI with typhoid ft-vvr sev
eral weeks ago, but report* from
his bedside Indicated nothing al irming
vntil the- latter part of las; Wrrek. when
new complications produced ;i 'jhan?e for
the worse. From that time ur.:II the end
bulletins of his condition were hupc-ful,
but hardly reassuring. HJs pr.ysl-Hana
«atd to-night that death resultc-J fr^m ex
treme weakness, lue to the progress of
the disease. The members of his fiiinlly
were at his bedside. He .^liid ccntinued
in a lethargic condition f%>r twenty-four
hours, and white probably conscious of
what was going on his mind was not alert
and he spoke no word. ' ¦ -
The disease was probably contracted
either whiie on shipboard or soon alter he
landed in New York after las European
visit. - . - "
•*ihe funeral will be held Monday after
noon in Trinity Cnurch.
Rcger Wolcott, the thirty-fifth Governor
of juassachus-etts, was Lorn in Boston.
July is. 1*47. He obtained his early edu
cation in the private schools ot .boston,
eutenng Harvard. College and graduated
With high honors in Is7v. being se.ectea by
his classmates to deliver the oration, im
mediately after graduation he commencid
the stuoy ct law in '.he otnee of Y. tZ.
Lathrop of Boston, leaving there to enter
the Harvard Law School, from which he
graduated in 1>74 as an L.I^.B. He entered
into the practice or nis profession, wk.h;
a promiuent part in rmDlic . affairs. He
was ejected in 1S77 to ma first public of
fice. As a member cf the Common Coun
cil of Boston he was eminently successful,
being twice re-elected. As" a member »>i
the State House of Representatives.' to
which he was # elected In tne years Uvvi,
h^3 and l£84, he lirst uttracted the atten
tion of the people of the commonwealth
by his sturdy integrity, his close atten
tion to the duties ef his .office and hi-s
fearlessness in defending the rights of the
people and the cause of good government,
in 1S£7 he was again tletted to the Com
mon Council and also the two following
years.
In 1S91. when the Republican Club of
Massachusetts was formed, he was chosen
president and by voice and pen provt-1
invaluable in promoting the cause of his
party.
In 1SS3 he was elected Lieutenant Gov
ernor of Massachusetts and as such be
came chairman of all the important com
mittees of the executive council. He was
re-elected in lSi5 and 1596 and in March of
the latter year, upon the death of Govei-
Tior F. T. Greenhalge. assumed the duties
of the office with the title of actln?
Governor. He performed the duties of
State executive so ablv that he w-is
chosen by a unanimous vote as the Re
publican nominee for Governor a year
later and was elected by the largest plu
rality ever uiven a candidate for that
office. The following year he was re
elected bv a correspondingly large vote.
He retired from active political life upon
the expiration of his term of office, re
suming the practice of law.
In 1S74 Mr. Wolcott married Edith Pr<M
cott. a granddaughter of William H. Prc«
cott, the historian, and a great-great-
BOURBONS AGREE
WITH CLEVELAND
Dies From Typhoid Fever Contracted on Shipboard or Soon
After His Return From Europe.
"Yep sir. I pave four drops on a spoon
to Cadet John ('. Pegram and the same to
George F. Ro^elle Jr.**
Cadet Fred I. Deen of Texas, who. ac
cording to a previous witness, gave hot
sauce to Boos, denied that he had don*
so. He said Booz was not forced to take
the sauce. It Is* well known among the
West Pointers that Deen. when a fourth
class man. fonght fifteen rounds with an
upper-class man. and. although defeated,
came out of the fight with glory.
Tc-day the story of the right between
Cadet r'ranK Keiler and Booz in Fort
Putnam en the 6th of August, lsS*. was
told by Keller himself, as •well as by
some cf the seconds and the sentinels
who were posted to watch for officers |
who might interfere.
Keller said: "1 was chosen by a com- j
initiee oi my class to 'call out' Cadet [
Bcoz Dtcause he dhobeyea the orders of j
the corporal ct the guard ana made Inao- j
lent ie.i.cti»v< to an upper class num. I ,
was tola to wtign in. and 1 turned 15J
pounas. Ii.ii was la- pounds. He was
taller than i ana had a longer reach.
"We stnppeu to the waist." continued i ,
the witntss. "My steends told me 1 had ,
a tough customer to mret and they told j
me to do my best. For the first thirty |
seconds after the call of time Boo*
showed a tittle tight, as he struck me a
couple of times about the shoulders. I
stiuek him under th*- left eye. cutting a j
slight gash. .After thi.-»'he turned his 1
back and kept running away. I frequently
told him to lace me or 1 wuuld hit him In i
the tack. I ui«l hit him a couple of blows ;
under the right arm. In the second §
rovnd I thought he was= going to put up
a tight after ail. but he immediately be- j
gan runninK again. I struck him In the i
right eye and then on the stomach. He
went down altogether, although the- blow
was neither a knockdown nor a. knockout 1
blow. He lay on the ground ami was t
counted out.
"1 went up to him and shook hand?. I I
said I heped he had no 111 feeling toward j
me. Ife said. 'Xo." and smiled."
'"Did you hit any blows In the region of I
the beart" a.sk«l General Clous.
"No, sir; I did not."
"When questioned aa to whether he had :
hazed lower class men or given them "hell
sauce." Keller said. "No." but he admit
ted having "bmced" a few.
Cadet Ralph N. Harder of New York,
one of the sentinel* at. the fight, said |
Booz was not hit hart! enough to knock ;
him "down, and that al. through he acted
cowardly. Booz lay on the ground and
cried. Harden acknowledged bavins
taken part in hazing lower class men.
Cadet W. T. Eettlson of Kentucky told
of one occasion when Bocz was on senti
nel duty at the rear of Bettlson's tent
when he spoke to Broz. who was stand
ing at one end cf the post, and told him
to patrol his pos-t properly.
"Had ycu any risht." asked General
Brooke, "to give him any such instruc
tion-??' "¦»
"No. not officially," replied the witness.
"But I felt I had a rirht to give some in- j
formation to him when he was doing ;
wrong."
"Was it not a breach of military disci- j
p'ine fcr you to speak. Ut a sentry «n
duty?"
"It was."
"And. as a re*ult of that. Mr. Booz was
called out to figh*?"
"Y?s. sir."
"Then. sir. you had no rl?ht to rut Ca-
Cvt Bocz in. that position." said General !
Brook;, sharply.
Cadet George R. Spauldlng of Mich!- j
ran. who acted .is tim^Keener at th« fight,
snid TUax was not severely Injured, and j
walked all right from Fort Putnam to j
camp, over thrt»e-qwarters of a mile. Ho |
positively denied ever having hazed Booz. j
Csilet Josep/i Farnsworth Barnes of Ihe |
District of Columbia, who was jne of
Keller's seconds in the fight, gave rather
a new version oi the encounter, as he said
it lasted three round.". He said Booz ran
away from nl3 opponent, and wa3 not
knocked out.
Cadet. Jame3 Prentice of New Tork *a!d
that one day B«k>z caxne Into his te-tt and
asked if I 1 * could- not He dewn. He told
Prentice that he was afraid he had heart
disease, and Prentice advised him to re
sign. Booz also suffered from sore feet,
and the witness gave him powders te. use
on thtm. He saw Booz read his Bible,
and one day saw him reading a small
book which he held inside of his Bible.
I He could not say what kind of a book It
was. Prentice saw Bccx braced one night
in the camp. Booz ?eemed to have a weak
1 back.
• Cadet Edward H. DeAnnond of ilissou
i ri whe acted as a sontinel at the fight,
said he saw it all. and that Booz got a
1 black eye. He never knew Booz to be
leouired to take pepper sauce.
"Did you ever require any one to take
this hot sauce?" asked Goneral Clous.
\VE3T POINT. X. T.. Dec. 21.— The rrOU
tary ecurt-mart'.al inquiry into the alleged
brutal cases of hazing which are said to
have caused the death of Cadet? Boos
nti.l Ereth will not be able to finish its
•work thi3 week. An adjournment until
Wednesday or Thursday will be taken
after to-mcrrow's session and the remain
der of the testimony probably will be se
cured by the end of next week.
West Point Cadets Make
Conflicting -State
ments.
.
In Trying to Prove Former Comrada
a Co-ward Witness Flac;s Him
self in an Unenviable
Light.
CONTRADICTIONS
IN BOOZ CASE
A Port Said special says: The United
States battleship Kentucky entered the
canal this rncming. Slit will stop at Suez
over Christmas and will proceed Decem
ber 25 for Colombo and Manila.
A special from Berlin says: Sternberg.
the millionaire banker, who has been on
trial for a long time past, was found
guilty to-day of unnamable immoralities
and was sentenced :o two , and a half
years' Imprisonment with loss of citizen
ship for five years.
Kentucky in Suez Canal.
Princess Vladimir Eristoff. wife of the
noted swindling Prince, who fell to dis
grace, has committed suicide, leaving a
letter saying- Fhe preferred death to dis
honor. Eristoff. after being deprived of
his commission in the Imperial Guard
and banished from St. Petersburg 1 , went
to Odessa, where he irained the hand of
the daughter of General Kriloff. who did
not know of his disgrace. When sho
learned the truth she killed herself.
Millionaire Banker Sentenced.
Althoug-h all accounts of the Queen's
health which appear n. print are favor
able, ¦what Is jjublishvd is not in arcor.i
with what Is whispertu in West End cir
cles. The Queen's atpetlte, which his
always b*«n pood, i^ reported to have
failed and other signs of the increasing
burdens of years are vneotioned. She i*
described as havir.gr aged rapidly during
the last few months and as being exceed
ingly feeble.
Suicide of a Princess.
Major Cuignet's arrest on the charge of
disclosing documents to a .Deputy and
writinp directly to the Premier accusing
M. Deie&sse of falsehood is attracting
considerable attention. The ministerial
newspapers contend that his intervention
is merely part of a Nationalist scheme
to prevent the appeasement expected from
the amnesty measure and the Nationalist
organs assert that .Major Cuignet pos
sesses a number of documents embarrass
ing for the Government, which he has
placed in safe keeping.
In the meanwhile tie major is impris
oned in a cell at Fort Mont Valerien, ad
jacent to that in which Lieutenant Coio
nel Henry committed suicide. Nobody !s
allowed to interview Major Cuigx:et.
Victoria Agss Eapidly.
M. Wa'deck-Roussea'i said the Nation
alists' object in the interpellation was to
revive the I>reyfus agitation. He added
the Government would not permit this.
They refused to play the Nationalists'
parse.
LOXDOX, Dec. a.— A Paris special
rays: The Charai><?r cf Deputies to-<lay
at the request cf M. Waldcck-Rosseau.
the Premier, by a vote of 3P9 to 192, de
cided to postpone M. I^iscie's motion to
Interpellate the Government on the Major
Cuigmet incident until all further orders of
the day are disposed of. thus shelving the
Nationalist attack indefinitely and giving
the Government a vote of confidence.
Imprisoned Officer Is Accused of Dis
closing' Documents and Charging
the Premier With False
hood.
Chamber of Deputies Refuses
to. Act on Major Cuignet's
A nnaet
SHELVES ATTACK
OF NATIONALISTS
FORMER GOVERNOR ROGER WOLCOTT
OF MASSACHUSETTS PASSES AWAY
more. This bank, it Is "lated. has suf
fered a large shrinkage in deposits ar. I
has sustained some heavy losses which
have involved its capital and surplus and
reduced sreatly Its cash resources. Tno
condition of us assets Is such that the
loss to depositors probably mill be small.
At a meeting of the clearing-house %tt
Baltimore to-day it was decided. In view
of The condition of the Dank, that no f ui -
tr.fr credit could be extended to It. and
the Comptroller being satisfied of a con
dition of Insolvency, a receiver was ap
pointed.
The last statement of the bank, made to
the Comptroller on October 35. shows Urn
condition as follows:
Resources: Leans and discounts. $537.-
S3; overdrafts. J12.7U: United States
bonds* and premiums. tl'^COO: real estate.
J57.T5S: due from bank*. S73.VJ>: other
items. JSS.5S7. Total. $1.«S.33O.
Liabilities: Capital stock, surplus arvl
undivided profits. CS&.Cv circulating
notes. J100.0UJ: dee to banks. C3i71I; de
posits, etc.. S3SS.SS. Total. Jl.oi6.35i>.
tained Heavy - '
Losses.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— The Comp
troller of the Currency to-night appointed
J. Frank Aldrich temporary receiver of
the American .National Hank of Balti-
Temporary Receiver Ap
pointed for the American
National.
— • —
Has Suffered a Large Shrinkage in
Deposits and Decently Sus-
BALTIMORE BANK
IS INSOLVENT
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22. 1900.
FORMER GOVERNOR ROGER WOI.COTT OF MASSACHUSETTS. "WHO
DIED YESTERDAY FROM TYPHOID FEVER AFTER AN ILLNES3
OF SEVERAL WEEK3. FROM A RECENT PHOTOGRAPH.
The Beard of Public Works awarded
the contract , for sweeping the streets to
the - City Street Improvement Company
yesterday. The bid for streets . of the
first . class was 77 cents per 1000 square
yards and all other classes 53 cents.
Contract for Street-Sweeping.
TTIXTERS.'Dee. 51.— The pupils of the Win
ters Union High School rendered an Interesting
programme this afternoon. The following took
part: Miss Blanch? Bernlce McXeaJ. essay;
Miss Ensyn Goodln. solo; Miss Celma Slmros.
recitation; Miss Ollie Jack», solo: M!«sS&llIe
Culton. translation from CJcero: - Professor . A.
B. Anderson, solo. The ' exercise* closed with
an interesting debate on the question: "Re
eclved. that women should ?ote.'V-^ Joseph Grif
fin and Mis* Edna Dexter spcke'in the aSrm
rtlre and Roy Dray and • Miss Elinor Mer
rtll in the negative. /
3
ADVERTISEMENTS. '¦
•et«ttt«t«oao«e9te«eoo
• o
• Large Stock of S
I Rich |
I Holiday |
| Goods |
t At s
S Popular Prices, g
O Neck Dress • e
• Night Robes O
• Shirts O
• Underwear ®
© Gloves ®
2 - Suspenders
2 Pajamas
g. Handkerchiefs ©
Umbrellas ©
• Collars ©
• Cuiis, etc. O
0 O
I EAGLESON & CO.'SI
{ 748 and 750 Market St., %
• 242 Montgomery St. O
•••#•••••••••••••••••?
HUTTED STATES BTtATTCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
' OP THE
Scottish Oil anil National
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDIXEfRGH. SCOTLAND. OX THE
list day of December. A. D. 1S39. and for
the year er.dlr.r on that day, as made to th«
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursaaot to the provisions of sections
«:» and OI of the Polltleal Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by tbe Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company S S53.K3 I*
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages...-. L&9.432 43
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Companr 2.914.113 43
Amount of I<oan» secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral .... tro <X>
Cash In Company's O«ce «u P2
Cash ia Basks ns.7«3 31
Interest doe and accrned on all
Stocks and Loans S>.SG 91
Interest due and accrued en Bonds
and Monjases M.KW 12
Premiums tn due course of collection CT.2S0 H
Total Assets H.CO.434 41
; LIABILITIES. — — —
Losses adjusted and unpaid t 74.473 S3
Losses tn process ot adjustment or
in suspense 137.<?S "•>
Losses resisted. Include? expenses.. 14.865 C*
Gross premiums en Fire Risks rcs>
nine one year or less. tl.CCS.41f Si;
reinsurance 50 per cent S01.SS3 U
Gress premiums on Fire Risks nxn-
nlsr mare thaa one year. K.5S?.-
431 IS: reirsTirance pro rata LC2.S33 li
r>u« and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 2.000 0C
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 33.O3 I)
Total Liabilities S3.14S.S00 1~
EfCOJCE.
Net cash actually received far Fire
Frensraxcs CU9.400 rr
Recet-red for interest on Bonds and
Mortcacc* C7.2S S3
Recerred for Interest and dWdecds
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and froa
all other socrces 73.12) 73
Total Income C344.73* 47
EXPEND ITCHES.
Net amount paid far Firs Leases
Uneludlna- CU.CS S4. losses of pre-
Ttous years) .....: C750.11S 20
Paid or ailowed for commission or
brokeraxe 47T.C3 S3
Paid for* salaries, fees and other
ehames for officers, clerks, etc 11?. HI O
Paid far State. National and Local
taxes M.»5 Hi
All other payments aad ezTenditures 117.53 91
Total Expenditures S3.543.CM Z3
JAS. H. BREWSTER. Uaaa«er.
Subscribed and twora ta before me. this 3d
day of January. 1309.
CLARKSOX X. FOWLEIt.
Notary Public
'PACIFIC COAST DEPART.ME.VTi
R. C. .MEDCRAFT, General Agent,
319 California Street S. F.
SAN FRANCISCO CITY AGENTS t
.MANHEIM, DIBBERN & CO.,
217 Sansome Street, S. F.
PEffHYROYAL PILLS
|8— /STv niisi««l ¦¦« itiilj n ¦¦¦>¦¦
>-i(C^ *r CHICHE>TEK-5 £>GU)U
£4hPVKsL la KTD nl &•!<! mitZla tan*. muH
= P»»» ! 1^-ht:-»rtVi«9. Tako>**Urf. BcAim
7*1 *^ **3 l>*+**r~mm '•V.Uti^x. «a« lalt*.
1/ ~ f)f titmt Bay «C year DracatM. v m«4 4«. ta
!- saf wi-m *" FMtmlan. TMI...UU
-X s y t«r» Mall. l«.O*<»I-.c»«»;».t. Siitj
— *~~ t-T Drutr*. Cate* aster CkssaksaJ Ok,
KsatisatUsp^B. Mslisia s^aaja. FHllU^ ¥2.
PABTITIOX EALE TTXDEB ORDER OF
The JIaehlebach Brewery. lands and buiid-
ing* as cojni>lete for their purpose as asy tn
th* fr.ited State*, will be sold at public auc-
tion brfore the Courthouse in Kar.sat City. Mo.,
en the 2d day of January. 1X1. This property
is easily worth 1TO0.CG9 or more, and In ail prob-
ability there will be a speculation cf not Ws
than 5« ¦ profit to th* fortunate purchaaer.
A better location, building* and crounds for
brewery pcrpowrs cannot be foend. and lar^e
profits have always Jveen made at the brewer)'.
Term 1-J cash. b*lan<« in equal payments.
in ot>«- and two rears, at « per cent per annum
Interest. Purchaser has the privilege of pay-
is*; a» much cash above cne-third a* he de-
e'res, and may pay off delayed' pa yments at
any tins*. Address JOHN G. MUEHLEBACU.
SI Tracr ave_ Kansas City Mo
BREWERS, TAKE NOTICE
PILES
•1 was troubled with Protradls*- Piles niacr
years. Tried everr remedy I eoold hear of and
had them cat out twice. I despaired ot a
cure until I tried Venn Pile Cure. I was
never so sorrrlseii in my Uf* to find myself
cured before ustn* half a box. It is Indeed
wonderful. E. P. WEIDJCER. ,
. "I17S Fifth et.. Des Molnes. Iowa."
"We will pay any one ISA who cannot be
cured with VERUS PILE CCRE. Price C W.
Over 10.000 cures. Xo claim for reward.
VERUS .PILE CUBE CO., ROQI 256, Wilsoi Bli I
Or - the old and reliable ELLIXGTON DRUG
CO.. Agents, corner Fourth aad Sprlsc sta..
Loa Angeies. Cal.
DR.MEYERS&CO. «JS3&
Specialists. Di»»ai« jja^
and weakness of <&&y
men. Establlshetl J»l
XiSL. Consultation ySV aSJ^'
and private book VKV I /_ll
tree, at oOce or by v "Si!iUl fe^tl
call. Cures &uar- eeiL^af^y
anteed. T31 Mar-
l:et street JL^*lSI53'»
tntrasce). 5 a a f^gggL
snilssVlA Jt-Rand-TTat^prooC
BIB IlallL" E=Jot«l»s« Powder, in bulk
I SB I 1 faS a=d '=« d *d in ihells. S»e4
IMbTB for caralorc- of fportlnr
J« "PATENTS a|
MARKET ST.'sf.^SS^
ADVEBTISEMXITTS.
A child three vears of age died of
drsnkenness the other dar in New York
City. The parents said they had given
the child -whisky to strengthen him.
In their absence he found a bottle of
¦whisky and drank frora it, tistil he fell ,
over in a drunken stapor, from which
the physician cxrald not arouse him.
That is only one case in several cases
of baby drunkards recently noted. The
important fact is that alcoholic stimu-
lasta g^ickly develop the alcoholic habit
in children. Thfj fact is just as true
•when the alcohol is disguised as a medi-
cine, a *" sarsapariila " or . other ¦ com-
pound." So many medicines contain
alcohol, to the same extent that it is con-
tained in beer or -whisky, that parents
6hotf.d be cautious what medicines they
give their children.
, There is absolutely no alcohol, whisky
or intoxicant in any form in Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery, neither does
it contain opium or any other narcotic
It is a blood-making and body-bailding
medicine. It does not make flabby flesfi
but good, firm flesh aad muscle. It is
pleasant to the taste.
» Mr four yrar old dasjbter had esSered from
iniigrstioa and bo-arel trouble froa birth," writes
Mrs. Lirrie Arm. of Baldaocst, Lsckawarsa
Co_ Pa. ¦ The tr-attacst given her bv home
doctors afford-i i»ct temporary relief. Last
February sh- was taken with serere pain in
the iwsrel*. fsf.owed by violect rocking. She
expeneaced d:5cultT in passirg orise, which,
«-»n cool. de7>3sited a tsillcy sedirssnt. I t>e-
casie alann<rd frota her symptoms aad wrote to
the "VTarl-i's Di«rpensiry Mecka.1 Association of
Baffiio. K. V.. receinsy ia reply a letter, adra-
i=y the nse cf Z>r. Pierce"* Goliea ?£etiica! D:*-
co>g. i. together with a special mediriae which
they seat. TJiU liae of treatment I followed for
abiwt two aonthn. at the end of which tirae ray
child wa« erjoyiajr health, asd she has had
no severe attack of indigestion since."
Free. Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser,
jodS pages, in paper covers, is sent free
on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to defray
expanse of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, BuSalo, N. Y.
For a Gold in the Head.
Laxative Brcmo-Qninlne Tablets. *thing to do wlth^he chill in enthusiasm.
Last Sunday was a poor dav generally
on the ponda* The birds have been hold
ing off and just when the weather clears
a rainstorm pops up to drive them off
again. Widgeon, sprig and teal have de
serted the Suisun marshes. Canvasb.ick
are found on the regular canvasback
pcnd3. The outlook for "cans" is very
good. On Wednesday Andy Jackson, with
SPORTSWOMEN DIVIDE HONORS WITH SPORTSMEN ON THE PONDS
OF THE FIELD FIELD AND TULE SHOOTING CLUB NEAR CORDELIA
SPORTS SHOOTING, COURSING, GOLF, TENNIS
THE SAN* FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; DECEMBER 22,^ 1900.
HANDBALL GAMES.
At the San Francisco handball courts
the following contests will be played to
morrow :
M. Levy and W. Flaher vs.JI. Joyce and
M. Basch; R- Loudabach and W. Walsh
vs. H. H. Lissner and J. J. Kavanaugh:
A. McVlcker and L. Kenny vs. J. Condon
and T. Leach; W. Williams and J. Law
less vs. P. Ryan and D.. Connelly; H. J.
Rogers and D. Cook vs. E. Hammer and
E. Thomas: H. Reid and F. Defty vs. T.
Carney and M. Defty: J. Glynn and E.
White vs. A» Whiteman and G. Green: J.
Harlow and J. Riordan vs. w. Maraire
and E. Curley: M. J. Kllgallon «n4 #. C. v
Ncalon vs. J. White and J. CoIllM.
p. m.
CHARITY BASEBALL.
Cominitteemen ; Nominate a
Strong List of Candidates
to F un for Office.
. The nominating- .committee, of; the Co-'
, rinthtan Yacht Club, consisting ' of ex-
Commodore Carl ; Westerf eld, , Robert Ste-.
;venson and Orlo: Eastwood,*! has completed
Its : labors. " The following ; make , ; up the
regular. ticket, which will;be posted at the
clubhouse to-day, and will -be .presented
for election at* the annual meeting of
members', to, be held toward 'the close of
YACHTSMEN NAME
OFFICIAL BOARD
fights.' If the fights are of right quality
the prices are higher.Mhe interest in the
show better and- keener and the patron,
as a rule, is more orderly. ¦ . ;.
Cheap fights are worse than none. We
ought to have the best of,.flghting in this
city. New York has stopped it, so has
Chicago, and tt-day San. Francisco is the
best sporting rity in the country,-com
paratively speaking. The people here have
paid $30,000 to see Corbett and Sharkey
fight four rounds. $28,000 for Sharkey: and
Fltzsimmons, and they will readily pay
good money for good, fights.
The trouble is the managers want too
much out of too poor an offering. Second
and third rators hsive- been matched -and
made to read like first-raters. Let a good
club. start and match none but the best
and the game will be back • at its old
standard.
Amateur contests such as are held twice
thicker than fleaB at. a matinee perform
ance, and astrologers"* 1 guarantee, to pick
all the winners— sometimes: „• To j> combat
this, the layer of odds is ever on the alert
for new.wrinkles.-for the days of fifty and
eighty per centv books are a thing 'of the
past. If racing 1 ,. officials; do' not keep up
with the game where Is the public going
to get oft ? •• • . - - •
F. E. MULHOLLiAND. _
January, 1901; H. D. Hawks, E. F, Sa
gar, J. H. Keefe, Charles L. Barrett, J. C.
Brickell, J. W. Pew . and Thomas Jen
nings Jr. Though the above named will
be elected- as- a body, the offices will be
apportioned as follows: H. D. Hawks,
owner of the sloop May, commodore; E.
F. Sagar, owner of the sloop Edna, vice
commodore : J. H.' Keefe, :• port captain ;
Charles L. Barrett, treasurer; J. C. Bric
kell, secretary; J. W. Pew, owner of the
sloop Truant, and Thomas Jennings Jr..'
part owner of the sloop Speedwell, di
rectors. • , The first . four named - already
hold the offices to which they will be re
elected, while J.W. Pew has served -the
club as commodore, and the remaining
two are enthusiastic Corinthian, yachts
men.' The members of the regatta com
mittee, who must be non-owners, will be
B. B. Leaming,v"vV. P. Harrold and P, J.
Martenstein.
'Ar the last meeting of the Vallejo
Yachting and Boating Club Commodore
WV J.- Woods; was In the chair. S. J. Mc-
Knight'acting.afi secretary.; I. Dannen
baumr George Wenlger, H. V. Stahl, T.
V. Corcoran and T. J. OtHara were elect- 1
ed ¦ members. :v a smoking 'concert in aid
of the building will be given in the near
future.' The contract for driving the piles
for -the foundation of the clubhouse has
been let and .work will soon be begun by
the contractor." ' . . - . ,
and three times a week In this city are
enough to destroy any sport; Under
trained menpummel one another and the
crowd — different in character from the.old
patrons— are satisfied. Some day there
will be a serious accident resulting from
these so-called amateur contests. Even
now they have forred consideration on the
part of some members of the Legislature
and they may soon provoke their own un
doing—and let us hope for this happy end
ing.'
Fake fights should be dealt with sum
marily, and wnen it is seen that a club
will not tolerate fake fights the fighters
will be forced to fight on the square. A
good sound club can make money and give
honest sport. Have some competent man
in the East ,mrtkf» matches between the
best'men in their class and send them out.
The public should be protected at ail
times, both by the club and the officials.
! Cheap fights are cheap fights all the
world over, and cheap fights draw cheap
crowds. In the days of the California
Club a man who would use vulgar, inde
cent language or make himself unruly^ and
obnoxious by shouting across the ring
would have been ejected from the build
ing. Nowadays .go to a' prize-fight and
listen to the language that 'comes from
a few of the' gallery spectators. This it is
that disgusts the better class and In a
measure keeps it from attending prize
Pal one day, with O'Connor up, falls to
show an atom of speed. The very next
day.; ridden | by ¦ Coburn, : the two-year-old
leads from start to finish, with not a cent
of stable money, down.' On December 13,"
at Oakland, Anjou.wlth Mounce up, never
looked a competitor. On* Tuesday last, at
Tanforan. he ran circles ; around his Held
in a five-furlong sprint, winning hands
down. This same rider had the leg upon
Alee in a three-quarter sprint at Oakland,
his ride causing considerable adverse com
ment. Three days later the colt was
beaten a nose on]y at seven furlongs by
sucn a crack mudder as Boundlee.
Lavator - winner of the December handi
cap at Oakland,, was another to display
marked Improvement, - and ¦ Gauntlet,
Owensboro and Vulcain' are three others
that , caused „ the neighbors to gossip.
Ordnung was not bet on to any great ex
tent ; December 4, when an even , money
chance, but three days 'later was a. good
thing at 7 to 1. beating out a : big;' field.
Castake and— but the list is : growing too
long.. ."•.,-¦: ;¦ ¦'.¦¦¦¦ ¦-. ¦¦ «-. . ¦ ¦ ; r--: :¦;,• j ,¦-¦
.Year after year, the .turf-follower/be
comes wiser. Only seven or eight year*
ago, the "dope"; student was; a mark for
the : joker, .- but nowadays J everybody ' car
ries a form book; ? Seven out of ten \ can
figure the percentage chalked- up on a
bookmaker's slate, handicappera are
Prize-fighting in San Francisco is on a !
low level at the present -time for a num
ber of reasons.' and the-y are all potent'
ones. Even the casual attendant can
readily understand why this is so when 1
he calls to mind what was given to ring,
patrons in former days 'and what is given
now.
"BY REFEREE JACK WELCH-
Referee Jack Welch Points Out the Reasons for the
Present Low Ebb in Fistic Affairs.
SOME EXISTING RING EVILS
AND REMEDIES FOR THEM
The next event of importance in tennlj
circles Is the tournament to b« held on
Christmas day on the courts of the Cali
fornia Club. It Is to bo a singles handi
cap affair, which in itself will cauad a
large number of players to enter, espeda'
ly the novices and younger set. The play
era will be classified Into about twelva
divisions, with a difference of one-sixth
between each division. By dividing tr.>
players thus every one knows in advance
what handicap he will have to give ail
through the tournament, no matter mtooa
he might be drawn against. Two pr^^J
will oe given by the California Clul> and
it is expected that the tournament »;:: be
a great success in the number of er.triea/
and in the quality of the matches. * f
In the ladies' tournament heM thr*
week, alt'uough Miss Ruby Garlands vie
tory wa» unexpected to the srenerat pub
lic. It was not to those well posted, ai
Miss Garland gave Miss May an.i Miss
Violet Sctton a hard fight in the late
southern tournaments. The absence of
four of the best lady players also allowed
the southern crack to carry off the honors
of the day.
There has been conslderablp discussion
among the players of havlnsr the Pacific
States Tennis Association appoint a rank-
Ing committee for the purpo*" ot deciding
the relative standing of the different
players. It is always done in the East,
but no player ever receives a rankins
who has not competed in at least three
tournaments, some of them, for champion,
ships. The commit ten would be wise to
follow the same rule on this coast In
ranking the players.
Novices Given a Chance
to Win Prizes at the
California Club.
HANDICAP TEN
NIS CHRIST
MAS DAY.
Though rio event Is set down on the
schedule of the San Francisco Golf Club
for this afternoon, advantage will prob
ably be taken ot the good condition of the
Presidio links to play some .matches in
the Round Robin tournament. It la also
not unlikely that the class B men will
hold one of their regular handicap sweep
stakes. The sweepstakes, with two ball3
entrance, over eighteen holes, in which
the ladies proposed to take part last Mon
day, was not played on account of the wet
weather. On Tuesday afternoon half a
dozen ladies played a putting contest, five
balls each, on the home green, against a
team of six men, the latter proving vies
torious by a score of 74 to 76. S. L. Ab
bott Jr. made one of the holes in one
stroke, and Miss Edith McBean made all
live In ten strokes.
On Christmas day there will be men's
foursomes over eighteen holes, .with
handicap, medal play. Couples may make
the two rounds at any time during the
day. On. New Year's day the annual con
test for the club championship, over
eighteen holes, medal play, will be held,
the prize being a gold medal.
The agreement for the series of home*
end-home matches between teams repre
senting the San Francisco and Oakland
Golf Clubs has been signed by P. E
Bowles, vie© captain, on behalf of the
Oakland club, and by H. B. Goodwin, cap!
tain, on behalf of the San Francisco club
The teams this year will consist of six
men each. Instead of eight as In previous
y€ ;?, r8 C The flr , 8t match of the first seriei
will be played on the Oakland Unka on
January 19. and the second match on Jan"
uarv at on the Presidio links. The first
hal fu of r, the .f. econd match will be played
on the Presidio course on April 6, and the
second half on the Point Adams cou r 5*
on April 13. The scores of the two games
played in January will bo reckonfdto!
gether. and the club whose tea ra has thl
Best score will hold the- trophy Slmllar
£ °L th6 l wo matches Xyed
in .April will , be reckoned together if
each club should win one home-and-home
match, the resulting tie will be played °?ff
on May 11. on a neutral course if on*
can be obtained The trophyisa silver
cup. -to the purchase of wnich each club
contributes an equal sum. Before »irh
match the captains will deliver to each
other -lists; of the teams, on which th*
men will be numbered lto 6. °
Country Club Links at
the Capital to Be
Ready New Year's Day
TO STRIVE FOR
GOLD GOLF
MEDAL.
1 The many and divergent acrobatic "re
versal*," as the in and out running of
horses has been termed, have brought dis
may into the camp of turfgoers. True,
horses are not machinery, neither are the
best of riders infallible, so-far as making
mistakes is concerned, but it looks at
present as if this contention was -being
worked to death.
By fome the officials at Oakland are
criticized for being" too harsh and over
zealous In their methods of dealing with
owners and riders. Looking at It the otfjer
way;- what would become of the sport If
owners were permitted to resort to any
ends to get a price, or if the Impetuous
jockey should be given free rein to do as
he fancied? In no other sport are the In
ducements to stray from the path of hon
esty"»«'o great. Then, why should the rem
edy-not be a severe one?
It is strange that some riders go along
season after season, and the breath of
scandal never attaches to their names,
while others' are continually In hot water.
Where there is so much smoke/ there
must be a speck of flame. No severer
¦judge ever presided in the stand than Cap
tain J. H. Rees, and yet that official's
most ardent enemies will, as time rolls by,
admit he makes but few -mistakes.
It Is the object of every racing associa
tion to employ officials in the stand of
known competency, and honesty, and they
should be accorded the respect due them,
when Tommy' Burns transgressed • the
rules at Oakland one day. last 6eason, It
was his Insolence that brought about such
severe disciplining. For the time Tommy
seemed to forget that a. public idol waB
subject. to the fame rules and regulations
as the. veriest novice in-the saddle. He
flatly refui»ed,.to ride Sly. when ordered to
do so by the stand, and his Jockey-room
window escapade and flight to, the, train
cost him many hundreds , of dollars.
It -was a regrettable occurrence, for
Burns is a rider from the ground 'up,
and the experience -may add to his stock
of discretion.
• A thousand and one excuses can always
be furnished, to explain, away, the In and
outrunning of a horse by the animal's
owner. One's mind is dazzled -- though
when sudden improvement.^ as shown by
Opponent on .Thursday,; is noted. .Loco
chee Is another 7 difficult one to guess, but
he always runs well when bet on; "King's
In and Out Running of
Horses Difficult to Ex
plain—Turf Officials.
REVERSALS
BECOMING
COMMON.
W. B- Stevens filed a complaint, accus
ing J. J. Edmunds of s> Ming a puppy With
a false pedigree. The pup was sold a*
being from Young America, cut. of Val
ley Queen. The description does not tally
with the registration tiled with the Cali
fornia Coursing Committee.
A resolution was passed that no secre
tary shall receive the entry of a dog
¦whose entrance fee is delino.uent at any
park, club or association under the juris
diction the California Coursing Com
mittee after receiving a notification of
the same. Another resolution passed was
thai a secretary Fhall be fineo $5 if his
pcor*" card has not been received by th«
California Coursing Committee within
forty-eight hours after the slake has been
run
The San Jose Coursing Club was given
representation on the California Coursing
Committee and 1U delegates. W. H. Car
michae! and E. N. Whlteside. were elect
ed
\V Perry and Charles Pearl ¦ were ac
cepted a*> representatives from the Vai
leio Coursing Club.
H H Lyon and Chailes Gassagne wens
accepted as representatives from the Los
Antrelep Coursing Club.
The Sacramento Coursing Association
¦will Inaugurate the sport in the capital
rttv on Christina* day. Tom P"kington
will judge and Arthur Massey will be the
flipper. ¦;¦; '.„ . ' ¦
A resolution was passed that the con
tinuous membership of a dog or the u>>e
of an assumed name be met with the
charge of a J10 fee.
The postponed meeting of the California
Coursing Committee was held Thursday
evening and considerable buslnofs was
tran?art**d.
A regular open stake Is the programme
at the Union Coursing Park to-da*\ but it
Is more than that. The entries number
12* dogs, arr.ong whicn are some "of the
fleetest and strongest hounds the kenned
can show. The draw will bring together
a number of the finest in the f.rst round.
Union Park Card Sat
urday end Sunday
Is a Record-Breaker.
NEWS FROM
THE FIELD OF
COURSING.
MISS AXITA HOSMER AND MRS. HARRY MILLER, TWO EXPERT. DUCK-SHOOTERS — DRAWN FROM ' PHOTOGRAPHS BY C TEBBS OF THE C\LL ART STAFF THE PHOTO
GRAPHS WERE TAKEN JUST AFTER THE RETURN TO THE FIELD AND TULE GUN , CLUB FROM A SHOOT ON THE CORDELIA MARSHES * MRS MILLER BEARS THF
STRING OF BIRDS. , '•:'%¦' .-- . Sgg . ' \ -
.... ? . -. ¦ . r' . . ¦ . . .1 " .
the trip is something, but the sport of
duck fhobting is more.
They take to the marshes early In the
morning and it is a poor day^s shoot at
the club when they return without a good
string of birds. Miss Hosmer and Mrs.
Miller are " close friends and they j usually
shoot together. , Sometimes, their eagex
"ness will not await the natural coming of
the day set aside for the ladiea. Very
often Miss Hosmer and Mrs. Miller, ac
companied by Mr. Hosmer and Mr. Miller,
visit the club grounds on Wednesdays for
a midweek shoot. These ladles' days will
be continued throughout the season, and
as the time grows so do they increase In
popularity; >., • ;
Christmas week, before, during and
after, has kept the shooters pretty much
at home. The. weather has tflso had some-
cold Bupper, of which all partake, and
then to bed. for the call the next morning
Is an early one. Some of the ladies are
becoming' very adept in bringing down the
feathered game, but the majority content
themselves with an occasional bird or
two. Among the very best shots devel
oped this season are Miss Anita Hosmer.
the' daughter cf Harry B. Hosmer, and
Mrs. Hairy Miller. To them the fun of
under way. Bo popular has this become
with the lady shooters that the male
members fear they have reared a moun
tain where a mole hill was intended.
These oecafior.B have been productive
of much genuine fun and good sport The
Field and Tule Club house is well adapted
for large entertainment. Leaving San
Francisco on Saturday evening the party
arrives ; at the clubhouse in time for a
NOT until this season has the self
ish sportsman taken his wife,
hie eirt*r or his daughter to hiu
shootirs club and initiated them
Into the rites and mysteries of a
day on the marches. The Field and Tulo
Club, whose preserves are situated near
Cordelia and are eraong the brst of the
Bulfun marches, established the custom
cf » lady's dry when the season was well
A great number of the duck 'shooters
will foreso the ponda and marshes for the
upland?. The quail season will soon be
over and they will try their hand at this
game eg long as the ducks insist upon re
iralnins.away. Good quail shoots are the
regular order of things in Marin and other
adjacent counties.
a party of fcur. got eighty "cans" and
one goose on the Fringe Club preserves.
4Have you seen the Christmas Wasp?
Finest illustrations published. Take it
home. Price 25c.
SWIMMING AT SUTRO'S.
At the Sutro baths on Sunday, Decem
ber 23, the following- matches will take
place: : ,
Fifty -yard dash for Juveniles— W. Boyle,
W. Armacost. W. Adams. E. Lynch P.
Hansen, A. Springer, G. Moody, ¦ A. Mar
tinez, D. Godall; C. Donovan, E. Wells, S.
Finnigan, J. Erasrny. D. Kerwin, J.
Smith and L. Collins. , ,
Under- water swimming tub race and
high diving for. boys, open to all.
One hundred-yard race; amateurs— W
Dawsett, W. Cook, J. Sullivan, J. Bevins,
O. Beyfuss, P. Ryan, G. Dougherty, J.
Rlngrose, L. Boudin, G. Dodson, H.
Lelcken. G. Wallace. R. Riding. C. Fred
ericks, F. Crowder, E. KIpp and B.LBery
Trick and fancy springboard diving—
BASEBALL GAMES,
The Koenlgs and Alamedas of the Mid
winter League will come together to
morrow afternoon at Klghth and Harri-
Bon streets. The following will be th»
line-up: .
Koenlgs. Positions. Alamedan.
Torrlne Pitcher C. Ruasell
Kaser -Catcher J. Hammond
Keoghan First base W. Hammond
Collins Second base Dunleavy
J. Bodle Third base Simpson
D. Bodle .Shortstop ..Goldsworthy
Urockhoff ....Left field Britt
McGee ....Center field. .G. Van Haltrt»n
Phil Knell Right field Shroeder
At Oakland the Nobles will cross bats
with the Golden Gates at Freemans Park
at 2 p. rn.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 21.— Weather
fine; track heavy. Results:
One mile, soiling— Domniailge won, Uhlers
second. MIbs Loretta third. Time. 1:48%.
Six furlongs— Fleetwing won. Algle M see
or.d. Cogswell third. Time, 1:1SV4.
Mile and an eighth, sellinK— Phidias won. In
dian second. False Lead third. Time, 2:0214.
One mile, handicap — Chorus Hoy won. Mo
roni second. Glenlake, third. Time. 1:47. -
Seven furlongs, selling— Emigre won. Reducer
second. Judge Magee third.. Time, 1:12%.
Six furlongs, selling— Midsummer won, Dbus
ttrswlvel second. Scrivener third. Time. 1:16^4.
Match for McGovern.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— Ben Jordan, the
English fsather-weight, has accepted the
offer of the Xational Sporting Club ot
London and has signed artldes«4Q fight
Terry McGovern. The agreement calls for
a twenty-round bout at 122 pounds for a
purse of $3750, of which the winner is to
receive $3000 and the loser $750. If McGov
ern consents to meet Jordan the battle
will take place on June 3. The fighters
will weigh ln at 2 o'clock on the day of the
contest.
¦Williams Knocks Out Murphy.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 21.— "Kid" Wil
liams of Los Angeles knocked out John
Murphy of San Francisco to-night in the
first round. . The contest was held before
the Los Angeles Athletic Club and was
scheduled for twenty rounds. The men
fought with one arm free, and Murphy
was "never in it." • .
Childs Wins.
DENVER, Dec. 21.-Frank Childs of
Chicago to-night ' won the decision over
"Mexican Pete" Everett of Cripple Creek
at the end of ten rounds before the Colo
rado Athletic Association.
FIGHT SEEMS TO BE "WON.
Santa Barbara May Get a Federal
Building Appropriation
SANTA BARBARA. Dec. 21.—Postmas
ter Jlaulshy to-day received a dispatch
from Congressman R. J. Waters asking
for data to be used in behalf of the appro
priation bill for $85,000 for a Federal build
ing, for Santa . Barbara. Both Congress
man "Waters and Senator Bard pledged
their support to the: measure and their
efforts have sufficed to get the bill be
fore.the House committee. If It does not
pass at the present session. Congressman
elect McLachlan stands ready to. make a
light for it when he takes his seat. There
lac-very assurance, however, that the bill
will be passed. There is also hope that
this city may soon be made a regular port
of entry instead of a subport.
NAPA, Dec. 21.— John M. Connell. who paused
a forged check on Charles Dreyer on Wedn»«
das-. .was convicted in - the. Superior Court to
day and sentenced to four years in San Quen
tin. . .
Second race— Argregor, Thracla. Ainder.
Third race— Simon D, Prestldirltator, Al
moner.
Fourth race— Jennings stable. The Lady. *
Fifth race— Bill Garrett, Hsadwater. Moco
rito.
Sixtlt race — Pea Lion. Pat Morrlssey. Jennie
Reid.
Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
1517 Jennie Reid ....103 (H9o)Pat Morrlssey..ll4
1270 Vlncltor 116,(1521)Sea Lion 117
1513 Lavator 1141
Probable Winners.
First race-^-Alee, Alice Dougherty, Anjou.
\V. Stockton, F. Paine. C. Carroll, H. See
bach, L. Grieman. E. "Wlnfleld. F. Clough,
J. Collins, L. Hanlon. M. Carmody, T.
Thompson. C. Harries. S. Finnlpan. D.
McCann, T. McKillop, F. Ralson, J. Sulli
van and P. Ragan.
Faar It Is a Kidnaping.
STOCKTON. Dec. 21.— Deputy Sheriff
Starblrd of San Jose to-day arrested Get
Gam, the wife of Wons Fook Chung, on a
charge of. grand larceny. The woman's
friends say she has not been out' of this
city for more than two years, and Inter
ested parties here claim that it is a kid
naping scheme. When the arrest was
made Chung 1 , who is a cook in the Com
mercial Hotel, informed J. F. Lynch, his
employer, and attorneys were consulted
They hurried to the depot and had only
time to caution her not to allow herself
to be bailed out by any one other than her
husband, in order to prevent a highbinder
ln the guise of a friend obtaining her re
lease from the' officer.
SANTA BARBARA. Dec. 21.— After a heated
controversy at two sessions of the City Coun
cil, the high school bonds for $60,COO were pur
chased to-<lay by Harris & Co. of Chicaero the
premium being J7C26. IXepresesuulve. of flv^
firnis were prefect, tti ree of whom offered to
or ct^enrt uncondltlc>n * 11 >- *» to legality
01311135311 21.— Weather fine. Track heavy.
1522. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse. $330.
Index Horse and Weight. Rfst^Jj. »;. str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. h'"'"^!"^
UM pi I *' an< ?° ,?? § 2 2 H IK 1 1% 1 2 Coburn T777T 3 3 13-5 Tj
JKi ?K 4 1? 12? I * 3 Hi 2 2 2 2 2.4 O'Connor... 2 4 4 2
"?V The Buffoon 101 6 3 41 3433 35 Mounce .... 7 10 10 3
i \ll\ Honduran ...... i. 10S 8 7 • 6 4 5 % 4 1 42 Vlckery .... 20-50 50 20
ni? U M,T er ••• 102 " * 52 63 52 51 Martin 10 20 20 5
il- win if." ni! 25 71 7561 62 J. Waldo.... 10 30 30 6
*5* yyjl U f m F '¦• ?l * 9 91 828 13 72 Danjman '.. 15 20 A 20 8
ll»« £ aneJ 2, v ™ 9 8 S 10 9 9 5 8 23 J. T. Woods 10 00 20 10
14 U S urey Bob 3i» 16 11 41 72 96 Brodien .... 13 25 15 12
;:;; , m WcGowan....W4 3 10 10 10 10 10- Stuart 20 100 75 41
i >0S Bamboulia ••••..¦ 99 _U_ » „. Domlnlclt .. 3 S 3 6-5
T v?r~ %P ' : £**lJ* w al*¥i': Vl L 1:16t 4- Good start except Bamhoulia. Won first three < driving.
Winner. l*"S bl0 t ?i )le / b - B - "y Imp. Foul Shot-imp. Brrna. Coburn on winner took hard
P. .,5 .. «S out 5rV i fence through to the stretch. Parmenlon JuEt a fair one. ArUUa no
mudder. Grey Bob can step five furlongs. Scratched-Phoenispa 104. ?Loft.
1523. SECOND RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; thT^e^ar^STtind^pT^aTse^im. •
Inde * Howe, Age. Weight. Pst St.' %. ' tf. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. mV^Cl. PU
}*M k° u ? C T- 4 k H 0 3 ~* 2 h 7^ 1 3 ¦ Farrell ~~ 7 10 9 3
J520 DonJvUis 5 107 10 7 '2 2 In 3 2 2 »4 ¦ Dominick .. 10 15 12 «
«S »7y ? \ 5 "* ??, 7 2 5 'i*- 6 * 2 * 3 4 . O'Connor ... 7-2 4.4 8-5:
1510 Hohenlohe, 5 ....113 6 9 S*h Bh-. 4 1 4 1 " N.Turner... • 2 2 2 4-5
i-il £ a ." ' . C?< ="}£ 9 l0 10 7H 52 6 1. Gray '....'.: 6 -8' 8 3
1^5 £ ol 2 n £ *&? 1 ' 5l - 107 5 J 5H 42 -61 6 6 Coburn 6 7 7 2
}!*$ S" , d , Ba S. dl ? o , 3> a - U1 J 2 ln 3^ 71 71- E. Jones;... 30 60 ' SO 20
}i?« 5 Wln , k K T^ lnkf a J?i 2 3. 9h 81 8 20 8 23 Enos 50 100 100 40
"}6 g o f. al , bra -. 6 "? I « 4 H 925 9 9 50- J. Woods... 8 12 12 4
Iol3 iBallsta. 4 ¦•¦¦109 S 8 6 1 10 10 10 Passlnger .. 10 50 £0 20
Time-44 :13: U. -£>H: H. :32; »4, 1:19; m. 1:47; 114m, 2:00U- Good start. Won cleverly. Sec-'
ond and third drTvlns. Winner. A. J. Stemler's b. h. by El Rio Rey-Loulse M. Lou Rey
well ridden and best. Don Lul3 awakened. Acrobat's turn scored no hit. Others boiled
down ought to make excellent embalmed beef for the slippery Boer army. Scratched—
Limelight 10i, Dare II 107. . ,,
1B24. THIKD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olda and up: puree, $400.
Ind >* Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. Y t . % % - Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' ' Op. Hl^cf PI?
1486 Klckumbob, 3.... E9 4 2 3h 6 10 11 1 4 Coburn ~ . 6 7^ 5^ 8^5
( }-i2 J McNamara. 3 ....100 56 8 4h 22 23 Dominick .. 3-2 8-5 7-5 1-2
}?* °/! mon «V < ;- l S S4 4^51*45 32 O- Connor ... 48 8 3
}ill "> r m Johnson, 3.100 7 3 2 14 lh 3146 Mounce .... 10 30 30 8
\fj- Sir Kingston. 3..105 1 1 in 3h 5 M 5 15 Devln 7-2 4 4 7-5
145a Coming Event, 3.102 67 51 22 66 64 Ransch 4 13 1' 4
1515 Lough Derg. 3. .100 3 5 72 72 720 7 40 J. T. Woods 10 50 50 13
1415 Judge Shops're. 3. 98 2 8 6h 8 8-8 Perslco 59 200 200 60
Tlnif— %. :?7: H. 63: , %. 1:19; mile, 1:46. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, \\ . m. Murry s br. g. by Imp. Idallum-Mrala F. Weight and going Just suited
winner. McNamara a speed will never carry him to Concress. Sir Kingston has gone
Event Is not a webfooter. Scratched— Alarla 107. Astor 107.
ir.3.-. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds; purseTTTcoT'"^^^* — ~^->~s^^*<-
I • PoTj j , Betting ~
Index Horse and Weight. PstlSt. %. . %. 1H. Fin. [ Jockeys. Op. HI; Cl. PI.
(H92) Articulate IIS 6 6 41 14 14 1 10 Mounce 8-5 2 2^ Ti
1488 Seide US 3 2 21 3 2 *H 2 2 Coburn 4 8 7 - 2
(14S0) Andrattus 115 2 4 1 l& 2 V£ 2 1 3 ns Dominick .. 4 4 7-2 6-5
G43S) Cougar US 75 5h 65 54 42 N. Turner.. 6 13 l» 5
(1SP9> jBernota ....113 17 62 43 43 S3 O'Connor .. 3 9-2 4 8-3
<m8) Flatterer 11R 5 1 3h 5 1 « 6 6 15 K. Flynn.... 6 12 12 4
1652 [Mrs. Brunei!.. . . .115 _4^ 3 7 7 7 7 | Buchanan'.. 15 40 30 10
Time— V,, :25%; H. :W4; *i, 1:17. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Wln^
ner. W. C de Lopez's br. c. by Imp. St. Andrew-Utter. Articulate was too full of s< peed
for utterance. Seide outgamed Andmttus for place honors. Bernota no weight packer
Flatterer outclassed. Scrat?he4— B:tr«t of Avon 115. Courtier 115. IJrutat 115.
inUft. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; all ages; purse, $400.
' . I ¦ Po. . l_ Bettin" «
Index IHorse. Age. Weight. Pet St. V*. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
(1497) Ltnnep, 5 112 22 21 ln 12 12% O'Connor .. 3-3 JT T3 —
.... Telamon, 2 99 11 14*26 24 28 Coburn 2 3 H-S «-5
1?72 Autumn. .4... 113 3 3 3 3 3 3 N. Turner.. 4 7 7 1
Time— 14, :UM: %. :26«i: M. :31%: "i. 1:32. Cocil start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Fred Foster's b. m. by Imp. Candlemas-Wanton. Lenhap laughed up her
sleeve at Telamon's youthful anplratlons. .Latter may do better on a dry tiack. • Autumn'
Is a past season and all out of kilter. "Majali" Covington may bring him around Scratched
Dar^rousMald^T^MajrechalNleig^ 1 __.__¦ J . • ' '- : ' : : '
I.MiT. SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs: selling; all ages; purse, : J350: : . ¦
Po- ~ I :•¦ . , Bettlnc -.
Index Hcxse,,Age, Weight. Pst St. M. %. Str. ,Fln. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
(55C7) Doundlee, 3 106 3 2*11 2h 2M 12- Buchanan '.. 1 t 9-10 l-v
US6 The Singer, 3.... 102 8 6 52 3h 112n Dominlck .. .10 .13 .15 5
1307 -Cyril, 5 105 7 3 2 h 52 42 3H Mounce 4 9-2 9-2 6-5
1434 Pilot.. 3... 100 6 4 Shll 3 Yt 42 J.Waldo.... '• 6 . 60 -40 r
1509 Galanthus. 2...... S9 I 1 4h 4 "4 65 51 J. Daly 4 9-2 9-2 7-?
1467 Mitten. 8 100 2 5 7 6 ,6 H 5 H "6 15 Coburn 6 , 15 12 1 4
K96 Mike Rice, a 113 67 6H?2 72 72 E. Jcnes 10 ' 60 ' f.0 s-SI^
1504 Leipzig. -3 ....102 4 8 8 8 8 S Vlckery .... 60 150 ICO 60
Time— 3-16, :19U: 5-16. :31%: 9-16. :57; 64f. 1:24. Good start Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, B. Schrelb«»r's br. g. by Boundless-Parolee. Winner Just bounced in after'
twice losing ground enough at stretch turn to build a little red schoolhouse on. The Stneer
gaved at stretch bend. Pilot fcrsook the ship v. hen It grew stormy. Galanthus cut off
Scratched— La Mascotta 105, Scotch Belle 81. Maxello 105, Lost Girl 105. .
Miners' Strike Ordered.
VANCOUVER. Dec. 21.— The South Wel
lington Miners-" Union has passed a reso
lution to strike because Manager Faulda
refuses to pay for turning places and has
given notice to increase the miner'3 ton
from 2350 pourda to 2S0O pounds. The
union claims that this is contrary to their
agreement made last August with the
mine owners. The strikers allege that
the new regulations are equivalent to a
cut of 43 per cent. They declare that they
will not resume work until their terma
are granted.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Large Field of Riders Will
Follow the Aniseseed Bag
as If It Were a Fox.
The San Mateo Hunt Club will meet at
9:30 this morning at Wellesley Park, Red
wood City. The fine weather after the
rain has rendered the going good, and a
large fibld is expected. Next Wednesday
the pack under the charge of Jerry
Keating, the huntsman, will be laid on at
the kennels, Burllngame, at 8:30 In the
morning. F. J. Carolan. the master of the
San Mateo Hunt, has not yet returned to
Ban Francisco, being detained by busi
ness In the East. It is now expected that
he will reach California about New Year's
day.
The meet last Saturday was at Home
stead Common, between San Mateo and
Belmont, and was quite well attended,
many ladies in carriages watching the
throw-off. Jerry Keating hunted the pack,
and among those who followed were J. J.
Moore, who also had two grooms «ut,
John Lawson Duncan Hayne, Peter Mar
tin, E. D. Beylard, A. L. Whitney and W.
B. Tubbs. — A good run was enjoyed over
the hills, the finish being at Poor Farm,
near tha Upper Crystal Springs Lake.
The riders wero well mounted and took
the fences well. I^ext Saturday the last
meet of the year and century will take
place at 2 In the afternoon at Spring
Valley Cottage, Upper Crystal Springs
Lake.
BY far the most Impressive perfor
mance at TajDforan Park yester
day was that of the strapping:
brown colt, Articulate, a son of
St. Andrew, from the Australian
mare Utter, In the event for two-year
olds. It was a nicely conditioned racing
concert, bringing together seven fast
ones, all with weight up. five of which
number had scored brackets at their pre
vious essay. As the track was muddy,
and Articulate had displayed a marked
tendency for this sort of going, he was In
stalled favorite. Of the others, Andrattus,
Seide and Bernota were tho only ones con
ceded a chance. For about half the dis
tance Mounce, on the favorite, indulged
Andrattus and Seide with the front posi
tions. Then Articulate was given his
head, and, taking the lead in a few
strides, won In a great, big gallop. An
drattus tired very badly, losing the place
to Seide by a couple of lengths. Bernota
appeared unable to handle his 115 pounds.
Two outsiders, Lou Rey and Klckumbob,
Infused some life Into the game by'scor
ing at lengthy prices, while favorites cap
tured the other four events.
Sam Hildreth did not pick out a very
soft spot to start Telamon for the first
time. The two-year-old, carrying. ninety
nine pounds, squared off in the 'fifth chap
ter with Lennep. Fred Foster's mare had
O'Connor in the saddle, and she . just
played with the younger horse from the
start. When th»* odds against Telamon
reached 3, there was a rush to get aboard
Tod Sloan falling with the rest of the
Kastern contingent. Autumn, now owned
by "Major" Covington, was the only other
starter.
Unfortunately for the backers of Bam
boulia, one of eleven starters for the first
event, a six-furlong sprint, the bay horse
failed to get away from the post. Glis
sando, the favorite, piloted by Coburn,
then went out, winning, hard ridden, from
Parmcnion.
This was followed by the win of Lou
Rey. a 10 to 1 shot. Ab Stemler's en
try was only liphtly considered for the
mile arid a furlong run, and well handled
by Farrell, came home an easy winner
from Don Luis. Hohenlohe. the first
choice, lost the show to Acrobat, which
was clubbed for half a mile.
McNamara <?id not look best of the
bunch lining up for the mile selling run,
notwithstanding Magrane's horse was
made favorite. Kickumbob always did run
well over a heavy track, with light
weight up. and he downed the favorite
with comparative ease. Osmond ran into
the show. The winner was quoted at odds
of 7 to 1.
Barney Schreiber's mud lark, Boundlee,
made eff with ihe last purse. An even
money chance. Buchanan landed him first,
a couple of lengths before The Singer.
Cyril ran third.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's running events:
(Copyrighted. 19C0, by V\\ A. Martin. All right*
reserved.)
Firi>t . race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; purse.
<1462)A1. Dougherty.. 104 l.iOS Herculean 134
1520 Lamachus 102 1520 Man' Klnpella.104
(15<Vi)Duekoy 101 1506 Billy Moore.... 99
1520 Choteau S3 15CS St. Anthony.... 39
1516 Ahjou 107| 1507 Alee ;..10T
Seoond race— Six. furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; 3elllnp. '- .
Hot Infra ..:....;..11O5 14.il Missel 85
1515 Th-ac'a .100 K1S Illusion 90
1505 Argregoik 103 1505 Litmus 100
.... Ainder .........115 J325 Plratta ,..113
1433 Fallow Me ....110 U>U F>talada 80
1514 Long Tom- 110 ! 142S PickJow 90
.Third race— Six. and a naif furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; 6elHn*. ...
14S9 Gusto ...... 1...1C2 1S08 Foul Play 93
1516 Prestidigitator 99 1479 Monrovia 104
1506 Simon D 104 1S20 Perseus 104
loM RosaJbra .......107 1527 Pilot .'. 93
1117 Fcrmatus .104 1S07 Tostl 104
14S7 Almoner 101
* Fourth race — One mile and an eighth; three
year-clds; Chantilly etakes; handicap.
13S7 Mortgage 101 1423 Advance Gu'rd.IlS
1490 The Bobby 1001 1489 Specific 135
<1503)The Lady llll(1411)Ve9UVlan 119
(1423)Andrisa 113 1524 McNamara .... 90
(14C2)A1. Dougherty.. 102 14S9 Owensboro 101
1519 Greenock ..:... 106
Fifth race — Seven furlongs; two-year-olds and
upward; purse.
U4S3)B1H Garrett....l0H(14K)Headwater ....111
1123 Eddie Jones ...117 <151S Mocorito 109
(1493)Grafter fcll(151S)Ada N 81
By IF 1 . E. 3i>^XJLia:OX J 3LiA.3Sr3D.
Brown Colt Proves a Wonder in Muddy- Going.
Lou Rey First at Long Odds-
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21. — Senator
Lodge, who had charge of the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty In the Senate, to-day
made the folio wing statement:
Tiie Senate amendments were not dictated!
by hostility toward England and still less were
they in any degree a reflection upon the Sec
retary of State. The amendments were made
by the Senate solely because in its opinion they
¦were necessary for the interests of the United
fctates. for the avoidance cf any question as to
the control of the canal, and consequently for
the sake of peaceful and harmonious relations
with the rc-vt of the world on that subject in
the future.
The :irtt amendment is a simple declaration
that the Clayton-Bulwer treaty ceases to ex
ist and is superseded by the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty. The object of the latter was to re
move the forr.ipr as an obstacle to the con
struction of the Isthmian canal. Some good
judses thought that the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
di'l this completely a3 It stood. Others believed
that certain portions of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty still remained in force. To allow this
doubt to continue would have boen a grave mis
take. The American peop'.e desired to be rid
of the Clayton-Uulwer treaty finally and be
yond question.
Under Article II of the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty as It stood we Trere clearly bound, if
«-ngaperi in -war, to permit a hostile fleet, if it
f ucc-cedod in Retting inside the three-mile zone,
to pass unmolested through the canal. This
may or may not be a practical question, and
it Is of no consequence whether it is or not.
It was a soltmn promise to permit a hostile
fleet to use the car.al. That promise we either
Intended to keep or else we made it knowing
thai under the stress of war we should break
it. If we meant to keep it, then it was a prom
ire no nation ought to make. If we knew that
we phouM not kerp it In time of war, then
It was only honest and fair to relieve our-
Bclvea of the obligation In the treaty Itself.
This was the purpose of the second or Davis
amendment, which entirely disposes of any
such promise, and which follows exactly in
principle and almost exactly In words. Article
X cf the Suez convention, which reserved sim
ilar rights to Turkey, whose interest in the
Suez canal is trivial compared to ours In the
proposed Nicaragua.
The third amendment strikes out article III.
by which we engaged to Invite other nations
to adhere to the treaty and thereby become
parties to it. Had there been no Clayton-Bul
v.-er treaty we should have n^protlated with no
<me except O>sta It'.ca and Nicaragua as to
building the canal. With England* owing to
the Claytoti-Bulwer treaty, we were obliged to
treat, but as we expect Kuror>e to keep out of
this hemisphere, it o-emetl to the Senate un
wise, however excellent and liberal the Inten
tion, to Invite European nations tef share in an
American treaty and thus give tliem the right
to meddl" in American affairs at any point.
We desire to dispose of the Clayton-Bulwer
treety in the mort friendly v.-ay possible. W>.
are mo?t averse to any other disposition of it.
England does not Intend to go to war with us
to prevont our building the cansl. and If it is
physically possible to build It we mean In any
ev*-nt to cJo so. l'n>ler these circumstances we
are very clear that it Is as much for England's
interest as for ours to accent the r.ew propo
sition* in the friendly spirit in v.hlrh they are
ottered, and thus end a controversy over a
•worn .out treaty which is only a stumbling
blocJc to both nations. It is not to be doubted
that the English Ministers, whose ability, ex
perience and reputation are known to all the
wor!d. v.ill duly u-tleh »11 these considerations
and rightly comprehend the . purpose cf the
Senate amendments and the spirit in which
they are presented.
Says They Will Undoubtedly Be. In
terpreted in the Spirit in
Which. They "Were
Presented.
Amendments Not Dictated
by Hostility to Eng*
# land
LODGE EXPLAENS
ACTION ON TREATY
The Sempervirens Club met at the Pal
ace Hotel last evening and discussed
ways and means for bringing before th*
next Legislature the matter of preserving
the redwood forest3 In the Big Basin. Tha
first donation for carrying on the work
was received from Mrs. Phebe Hearst In
the form of a $230 check. She announced
that the sum would be doubled If th©
club would make a special effort to secure
other subscriptions.
A committee of three was appointed to
solicit funds, which will be used in pre
paring for the Legislature an Illustrated
pamphlet outlining the purpose of the
club and describing the beauty and gran
deur of ,ihe forests. The co-operation or
the various parlors cf the Native Sons
and Daughters and the Pioneers will al
$koo 6 sought ' II * 3 h °P cd to raise about
A resolution was passed thanking Mrs.
Hearst for her contribution and making
her a vice president of the club. Mr. Short
of Fresno, a member of the Ycsemite Val
ley Commission, was elected a member
of the club.
Mrs. Hearst Send3 Check to
Aid Work of Semper
virens Club.
TO PRESERVE BIG
REDWOOD FORESTS
PEKING. Dec. 21.— Once more there is a
pronounced hitch in the proceedings. The
preliminary joint note has not yet been
signed. Mr. Conger, the United States
Minister, sars he does not believe that
there are sufficient reasons why It should
not be signed In the near future, and Sir
ITrnest Satdw, the British Minister, takes
the same view. Dr. Mumm von Schwartz
enstein, speaking for Germany, believes
that the existing agreement will be signed
sooner or later. The other Ministers also
saj* that they consider the probabilities in
favor of signing.-
Chinese sources of information, how
ever, say there is reliable authority for
the statement that there is very uule
chance of the note being signed for some
time. -As a matter of fact, the members
of the staff of Li Hung Chang believe that
the note will eventually have to be drawn
up either in Kurope or America, probably
tne latter, because they claim that the
Washington Government has had most to
do with the existing modifications of the
various forms of harshness.
The United States is looked upon by the
Chinese as the only power really desiring
to retain the integrity of the Chinese em
pire. The other powers are regarded as
desirous of breaking It up, with the pos
sible exception of Russia, which, the Chi
nese think, merely favors a. postponement
in order to eventually secure a larger
share. . • ¦
Grave fears are felt regarding the health
of Li Hung Chang, owing to a severe com
that he caught on the day he visited Gen
eral Chaffee. It is said that he is better
to-day, but there Is a fear of pleurisy;
which at his age might be fatal.
It is generally believed that. the Chinese
get' their information as to what is done
at the meetings of tne envoys, through
some one connected with the, Russian le
gation. - ¦ , . . ' - • ¦ • ¦ * ¦
WASHINGTON. Dec: 21.— Mlnfster Con
ger is severely criticized In administration
circles for his conduct of the negotiations
on the protocol which Is to be signed In
Peking to-day or to-morrow. He has
acted throughout In antagonism to ?he
policy of the President and Secretary
Hay, desiring extreme punishment of the
Boxer leaders, although the adoption of
such views would probably have resulted
in the rejection -of the demands, of; the
powers and made a renewal of hostilities
Inevitable. His antagonism has culmin
ated la placing the Lnlted States in the
attitude of insisting that the preamble of
the agreement shall state that the- terms
presented are "irrevocable." and though
this change in the. American attitude has
created surprise, other powers are willing
to accede to n. Mr. Conger bases his ac
tion upon an error made in the transmis
sion of the cipher message' directing him
to accept the British proposition modify
ing the word "irrevocable." but the Qis
position of the Minister to Insist upon ex
treme conditions seems to have been re
sponsible for' his strange interpretation of
these Instructions, especially as they arc
directly opposed to those previously, re
ceived. • •• . -¦*. • • ¦ . .
In order to . prevent I further delay, the
President and Secretary Hay deemed it
wise to: accept the. word "irrevocable,"
and after the Cabinet meeting, to-day in
structions were sent to Mr. Conger to
sign the agreement. 'This la reason to be
lieve that Mr. Conger has been informed
of the disapproval cf the President of his
action in urging, the retention of- the word
"irrevocable in- the agreement. There is
no Intention, however, to recall Mr. Con
ger* and he will conduct the coming nego
tiations with the Chinese envoys.
Belief Prevalent That New
Document Will Ee
Drawn Up.
Conger Is Severely Criticized in Ad
ministration Circles for His
Conduct of Peace Nego
tiations.
CHINESE OPPOSE
THE JOINT NOTE
LONDON. Dec. 21.— The White Star line
tteamer Cuflc reports very rough weather
from Tuesday. December 4, until Sunday.
December 0, when an accident to her pro
peller occurred. She was in great danger
until the Kansas City took her in tow and
took her to Queenstown. After leaving
Queenstown the storm increased in vio
lence and the tugs were unable to make
much headway. As she approached the
Skerries the tow ropes parted. The cap
tain displayed great presence of mind and,
fortunately, the anchors he!d. The tugs
hovered around, unable to assist. The.dis
tress signals met with a prompt response,
but the work of rescue wat- most danger
ous, as ereat seas broke over the steam
lifeboat. The crew were landed in a very
exhausted condition. According to the
latest Information it is hoped thai the
Cuiic may be towed to Liverpool as soon
«is the weather moderates.
The steamers Somerhill and 'Western
land are now riding safely at anchor In
"West Bay, near Wcymouth, after a fear
ful night. The coast guards were kept
bury trom nightfall to daylight. They had
the rocket apparatus in the vicinity of the
•tonn-beaten craft in readiness to assist
the ships, which were about a mile from
the shore.
Skibbereen reports a larpcr steamer, the
canie of which had not been reported, but
mhich has a red funnel and black top. on
the rocks off Sherkin Island. She will be
A tctal wreck. Her crew of twenty-four
Snen is reported to have reached the shore.
The Dominion line steamer Noordland.
Which sailed from Liverpool yesterday and
this morning from Queenstown for Bos
ton, had such a bad time in the channel
that several of her crew were injured.
There have been numerous minor wrecks.
The pale lasted all night and blew almost
vith hurricar.e force at times.
The telegraph wires are now beincr
Elowtr restored, a.nd news 5? arriving. The
pale has done great damage generally in
the north of England and Scotland. A
Glasgow correrpondent says:
"Not since the storm which destroyed
the Tcy bridpo hr.s such a gale raged in
Scotland. High walls have b?en wrecked
ct Glasgow. At Coat Bridge, ten miles
cast of Glasgow, several people have been
killed, while at numerous other places
roofs ar.d chimneys have been destroyed
and persons injured. Some of the build
ings of the T'niverlFty of Aberdeen have
b<>en seriously damaged, and everywhere
t*>l*--gTaph wires, telephones and railway
lines are interrupted."
QVEKXSTOWN, Dec. 21.— The steamer
reported from Skibbereen to be ashore is
the Ailawald. Captain Bovey, which Failed
from Penarth. December r.», for Hergrada.
She is a freight Pteam**r and was built
n.t West Hartlepool m 1S'4. She registers
1'SSl tons net and is 314 feet long, has a
beam of 40 feet 4 inches and is 21 feet deep.
She hails from Newcastle-on-Tyne and is
owned by Lunn & Maccoy. .
CAPE "HENRY. Va.. Dec. 21.— By tele
phone from Dan Neck Station it is learned
that the schooner Jennie Hall, ¦which
Ftranded eipht miles south of Cape Henry,
at 4 a. m.. will be a total loss. The captain
end two men were drowned. A northwest
graie is blowinp fifty jniles nn hour.
SACRAMENTO. De~. 21. — All trains were de
ls yed on the Oreffcn Railroad to-day by a land
f'i'd" which took place this morning- near Castle [
Crar In S'.^kiyou County. The avalanche of
rar.h ar.d rocks was caused by the recent
heavy rains in the mountains.
Buildings Blown Down or Unroofed
in Scotland and a Loss
of Life Is Be
ported.
Much Damage Done to Ship
ping Off the Coast of
Great Britain.
VESSELS CAUGHT
IN A GREAT GALE
ARTICULATE SPLASHES IN
FAR AHEAD OF HIS FIELD
PUGILISM, FOX-HUNTING AND RACING SPORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1900. T5!*
5
HUNT CLUB MEET
NEAR REDWOOD
PACIFIC C^O/\ST DEPARTMENT,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET.
ALFRED B. GRIM, As^stant Manger. CESAR BERTHEAO,' Manager.
GUS MESSINGER and HARTIN^RASCHEN, San Francisco, City Managers.
Telephone fll»in 2T2.
STATJETVVENT
- <>FTHE — Ml
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
HANOVER
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
O F - X ? W TORJC. IN' THE STATE OF XBW
" Tork on th- Sl^t day cf December. AD
i^i a ? d IV S h * year endln? on that day. a*
pi»t ft ?r b n, In! !' Jr(lnce Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the prov «!o is
of E-ct!ons 610 and Cll cf the Poll tleS Cod"
mr s sfo n Mr " I>Cr bUnk furnlshed *y the Coin!
CAPITAL.
A Cash >t ° f Qlptt * 1 Stock . v*** «P in
ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company MaOonotw
jv>an* on Bonds and Mortgages 3*500 M
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2 2f7 «« no
Cash in Company's Office... ??
Cash la Banks 64915s'
Interest due p.nd accrued on aii
Stocks and Loan* 26 214 co
Int*r*st due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages , M .,
Premiums In due Course of Collection 21« N9 ri
Due fmm other Companies fcr Re-
insurance on torses already paid... 12,453 47
Total Assets .M.0S2.47» as
LIABILITIES.
Lewes adjusted and unpaid I10S 426 CS
Losses In process fcf Adjustment or
ln Susi>en«e TS ?f.8 2«
I>3sses resisted. Including «xp»nees!. 13516 6S
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or. less. 11,094,096 19;
relneurance 60 per cent B47 94S 10
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlnjr more than one year. S1.294..
733 8S: reinsurance pro rata 6ft4 1M n
Reinsurance premiums zj'tfi jj
Total Liabilities .tM33.6«> B7
IXCOME.
Net caoh actually received for Fire
premiums «.4S8,G40 67
Received for Interest on Bonds and
MortiraSM 278 r *
Received for Interest and dividends " "*"
. on Bonds, Stocks, Ixsans and from
ell other sources 90 41.1 *»•
Received for Rents 27 599 7?
Received from all other sources...... 6s|53S sc
Total Income .U.S75.8M 47
EXPENDITURES. ====
Xet smoont paid for Fire Losses fln-
. eluding tVTt.ifH 61. losses of previous -.
Tn*l£en<in to*Etncknoiders £Ii£5£^ie3«Lo8 00
Paid or sllowed for Commission or
Brokerage 278 3«4 4J
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other '
charges for officer*, clerks, etc 152.443 H
Paid for State. Xational and Local
taxes *.•••..••.•....»•.... ............ B9 1*8 19
All other payments and erpendltiiVes lio|«oi 2)
Total Expenditures .tl.794.670 7«
Loespfl Incurred durinK the year $1,100,491 07
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
ICet amount of Risks
¦written during the
yw |?«.630,243 »1,S9J,77I 77
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
rear 151.401.502 1.GS7.S01 29
N*>t amount In force
EecMrber 31. 1533 226.379.K9 2,353,835 07
I. REMSEN LANE. President.
CHAB. A. -SHAW. Secretary.
EunecrlbeA and «worn.to before me. this I"th
day of January. 1900.
JOS. McCORD. Notary Pubtlc
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
st/\teT/v\eint
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AACHEN AND MUNICH
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX-LA-CHAPEX.LC Germany, on the
Sin day of December. A. D. 1S?9. and tot
the year ecdinf on that day, as cnade to the
Insurance Commissioner cf the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
CJO and «11 cf the Political Code, condensed as
per blarJt furaiehed ty the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
C&rh Market value of all Stocks and
Bor.fis OTrned by Company ."4783,377 W
Cash ln Company's Offlc* 80S 41
Ceeh ln Banks X9.S22 66
Interest <Su* and accrued on all Stocks
and I»«tis 8S0 00
Premiums ln due Course cf Collection. 84.JC5 23
Ellis receivable, rot matured, taken
tor Fire and Marine Risks 1,120 S2
Total Asset* JS13.833 77
1,1 ABILITIES.
loosen adjasted and unpaid J7.H1 <1
Xjoesea ln process of Adjustment or ln
Surpertt 41,43* f 2
losses resisted. Including expenses,.... 5,178 00
Crocs Brem'ums on Fire Risks run-
v.'.-r.sr one Tear or leea, S4OS.ST5 46; re-
insurance 60 per cent 70J.9T7 73
Gross premieres en Fire Risks run-
ning xaor* than cae year, R91.S44 09:
RicctWK* pro rata 1D9.SSS S4
X>u* and accrued for calarlea. rent, etc lit 6S
All ether flets&nds ar&lnst the coia-
P*£7 25.190 £5
Total Uabllltlea U31.U* 44
=====
INCOME.
Ket cash ¦xtcsJIy received for. Fir*
premiums S4S1.005 «1
Received for Interest and dividends on
Boads. Etocka. Loans mod Xrom all
other sources 2S.8S7 63
BecelTed from ell other eources IC9 72
Total Inootn* .SS97.US 22
EXPENDnTJRES.
Ket Bmotint p*M for Fire losses fla-
cludtnc IIK.T8S Cl, losses of previous
T*»rs> S322.91> O
Paid or sJlowed for Commission or
Brokeng* s5,770 ff
Paid for EaiJiries. Fees and other
ch&rres for officers, clerks, etc C2.474 11
Paid for State. National ud I-«cal
taxes 1S.264S3
All other payments asd expenetttxres.. 35,007 S9
Total Expenditure* iZ3Z.T,t6 7i
Fire.
lsm*?9 lnenrred fiarinr the year 842,771 €5
7:!sks and Pr«rr.!ams. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of rt^ks
durlnr the
year M8,<S2.<e9 $61S,<a S3
JCet cmour.t cf risks
expired durine the
y»«r ) 4i.U2.T7t C49.453 7Z
> >t amount ln fcrcei
I>ec>mbcr 31. 3J33....I 46.443.CS3 C?7.n» tk
EAML K. WEED, cf Weed tc Kennedy.
V. H. M&naxers.
f*i:b«»"rtb«! and STrora to before m« this 2Tth
Any of January. 1800.
?. FISHBECK. Kotarr PubUc I
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD.
INCORPORATED I8S0.
C-ARTER PERPETUAL.
I9OO-J A N U A R Y-I9OO /
I ; / SCHEDULE OF ASSETS.
• The Asftx.9 cf the Company are aa folloirs:
Momgrage Loans J1.1W.840 09
Collateral Loans SO.000 00
Real Estate 221.700 CO
Cash on hand and ln Bank 224.836 S3
Cash ia hands of Agents 174,355 \i
\ BONDS.
t • '; . Par Market
I Value. Value.
; Dominion of Canada, 4% $100,000 1102.000
State of Georgia. 4»4 per cent. 21.000 W.73O
I Tprrltory of Arizona 50.C0O U.30«>
City or Astoria. Orison 17.C0O 18.020
City of Dallas. Texas 12.000 13 600
i City of Duluth. Minn 3.2C« S.R«
City of Farso. X. D.. t% «.C0O 1.360
City of FarKo. N. D., 7% S.flfiO 9 6M
City or Helena. Mont 20.000 21.404
City of Mlddlftown, Conn.... 10.C00 lD.Seti
City of Pawtucket. R. 1 30.0CO 31,500
City of Portland. Oregon 3S.0S0 U.75O
City of Richmond. Va 50,000 S6.0C9
City of Salem. Oregon n 000 11 830
City of Salt Lake. Utah 40.000 44.V*
City of Seattle, Wash 25.CC0 K.S06
City of Urbana,. Ohio 15.000 15 0CO
Hennepln Co. & Minneapolis
_Clty. Minn 25,000 M.ooo
Uayne County. Michigan 25.C0O 26 250
Mankato School Dlst.. Minn.. 15,iX)0 15 000
School District No. 24. Marlon
Co., Oregon 13.0CO 14 040
South School Dtstrtct Xot^s.
Hartford 25 COO IS 00ft
Blk Rocks & SaJisby B'ch
St, R. H. Co 10,000 10 000
Broadway & Seventh Avenue
R. R. Co 20.000 xi 000
C. B. & Q. R. R. Co.. 3H%.. «:000 t!o00
C, B. & Q. R. K. Co.. 4%.... 1,000 g.120
C. B. & Q R. R. Co.. Con-
solldated 7 per cent 5,000 i«oo
Chic. St. Loula & N. Orleans
R. R. Co .'. 25.000 14.250
Chic. & Northw. R. R. Co.... S.OCO s'loo
Chicagd & Western Indiana
R. R. Co*. 23,000 28.880
Cln.. D. & Trtonton R. R. Co.,
Guaranteed 15,000 18 500
Cln., Hamilton A Dayton R. V, -
R. Co BO.COO 62500
atv.. cm.. Chic. & st. i>.
R. R. Co 10.000 JJOO
Cleveland El-»ctr!c R'y Co :o.OCO 20 fiuu
Clev. & Mahonlng Valley R.
R. Co 10.C00 12.500
Dayton & Michigan R. R. Co 25,000 TJ SCO
Detroit. Grand Raolds & W.
R. R. Co 3.50O 1.290
FitchburK R. R. Co ¦ BO.000 52.500
Harl. Rlv. & Portchester R.
R. Co.. Guaranteed 40.000 44 800
Hartford Street Railway Co.. !3,C<W 25,2^)
Illinois Central R. R. Co 23.000 2-4,5m>
Lrhish Valley Railway Co... 23.600 2«'25O
Lynn & Boston Railway Co.. 10.000 10 800
Minneapolis & St. Loula R.
R. Co 50,000 43,000
Norfolk & Western R. R. Co. 25,000 22 230
North Chicago St. R. R. Co.. 10, 000 io'sco
N. T. Central & H. R. R. R. '
Company 23.C00 28.300
N. T., Lack. & Western R.
R. Co _ 25,000 28,230
NY.. N. H. & H. R. R. Co..
Deb't Certincates 40.C00 55 730
Penn. & N. T. Canal & R.
R. Co 23,000 28,300
Port Reading R. R. Co 10.0C0 10,500
Southern Pacific R. R. Co 33.000 40.&0
St. Louis & San Francisco K.
R. Co 2S.CO0 25.000
Toledo & Otito Central R. R.
Company 13,000 15.300
Waterbury. Ct.. Traction Co. 10.0C0 10 2C0
W. Chicago St. R. R. Qo 10.000 W.oCO
"W. ChlcaKo St. R. R. Tun-
nel Co 10.CC0 10,100
Adams Express Co 25,000 24,000
Brooklyn Wharf ft Ware-
house Co '. 73.CC0 57.CCO
Chicago Edison Company 25.C00 rT.OOO'
Hartford Electric Light Co... 10. COO 10.S0O
MlnneapoIU Ga* Light Co.... 23,000 23,750
People's Gas Light & Coka
Co., Chicago 23.C00 25,230
Northwestern Telegraph Co... 15.0CO 18,ii00
Central Safety Deposit Co..
Chtcaso 15.000 15,000
Traders" Safe & Trust Co.,
Chicago 10.000 10,000
STOCKS.
1ZO shares B'd Easle Val. R.
R. Co., Guaranteed 7,500 H.JI5
JM shares Chic. Bur. & Quin-
cy R. R. Co J9.40O 43.053
lU) shares Chicago & N. W.
R. R. Co 13.0CO J3.TC0
242 shares Cfclc. R. I. & Pa-
dflo R. R. Co 24,200 23.S3*
150 sharts N. Y. C. 4 Hudson
R. R. R. Co 13.000 19.500
373 shares N. T.. N. II. & H.
R. R. Co •^."••- 37 - sca "7.S23
300 shares Pitts.. F. W. &
Cblc. R. R- Co JO.OCO 64,000
200 shares Emp. & B. S. Tele.
Co.. Guaranteed 20.000 14.SC0
VjQ shares Northwestern Tele.
Co., Guaranteed SO.000 S4.2CO
167 shares First Nat. Bank,
Minneapolis 18,700 11,700
1C0 shares Imp. & Traders'
Nat. B'k. N. T 10.000 so.000
II shares Second Nat. Bank.
New Haven 1.100 1.870
100 shares Aetna National
Bank. Hartfcrd W.CCO 15.600
93 shares Charter Oak Nat.
Bank. Hartford 9.300 8.378
12S shares Far. tt Mech. Nat.
Bank. Hartford 12.500 14,230
1S3 shares First Xat Bank,
Hartford 13,500 21.090
304 shares Hartford National
Bank. Hartford 30.0C0 40.;CO
412- shares Nat. Exchange
Eank. Hartfcrd 20.600 25.93J
130 share* Phcenlx National
Bank. Hartford 13.000 18. COO
45 shares Conn. Trust A. 3. D.
Co.. Hartford 4.300 8.323
S1.S70.S09 f2.097.S99
Tctal Assets .'. 8. 883. 451 73
SUMMARY.
Cash Capital Jl.00O.flCO 00
Reserve for Reinsurance 1.S99.897 14
All outstanding claims 200. 714 Ou
Net Surplns 1 068. 839 71
Totai Assets I .$3,863,431 73
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT 1
411 California St., San Francteo.
BENJAMIN J. SMITH, Manager.
COUN M. BOYD. Agent iorSanFraacUu.
I' DECEMBER 23. 1930. |
AMUSEMENTS. I
A Sermon bj Rev. Samuel Slocombe. 3
The Greatest Chinese Funeral |
I Ever Seen in America. I
| How Bears Saved the Life of I
B ' iin ' m u [Tr[ Washington Society for 1901. §
1 3 ' Ck"' stm 3 5 in Our Latin Quar- £&? 1
I A Night on a Tire Engine. I
1 The Subtle Art of Posing. |
U By Patrics. i\
I Where Christmas To^s Are i
I ' Made. . |1
| And Other Stories of Human |
I Interest. a
I PECK'S BAH BOY AND THE GROCERYMANjTHE DUKE, HIS ZIMMERMAN
CHECK SUIT AND HIS PET
BULLDOG.
Beyond a doubt the Canadians are right
in crediting much of their immunity from
violent crime to the sharp and sure Jut
tice that is always meted out to criminals.
As all criminal laws are made by the Fed
eral Parliament, they are the same In all
provinces. More Important still, there ar-»
practically no court delays. There is no
appeal to a second court, nor Is there any
other method by which, proceedings can
be staid and the case dragged throueH
months or years, as In this country. TK»
Minister of Justice for the Dominion alone
has the power to stay proceedings, anil
the cases In which he flnd3 It necessary
to Interfere are exceedingly rare. Con
viction is unwaveringly followed by a
prompt execution of the death penalty.—
CHICAGO TRIBUNE.
But the American trolley is certain to
Invsde London. It may not gnt into tha
inner circle, but It will get ciose enougn
to give the Londoner a livelier stride and
to make him look in fifteen different and
distinct directions at the same time. By
the time he gets bumped a few times anil
acquires the "trolley face" he will booh
realize that he is 10 longer In the Eliza
bethan age. but that he is up against th«
real American expansion movement. Th«
Londoner is a stolid, conservative Indi
vidual not easily moved or excited. But
the American trolley car will move him.
Tbe sight of its glaring headlight in the
dlstar.ee coming at the rate of thirty milea
an hour will soon give him a regular Chi
cago movement. — CHICAGO TIMES
HERALD.
A Policy of Error.
When England gets over th© war fever,
which is now blinding the popular sens*
of right and Justice, we do not believa
that British opinion will tolerate this
despotic system of government In terri
tories where the people have abundantly
proven their capacity for self-govern
ment. The amendment to the addres3
moved by the Liberals "that It would con
duce to the pacification and future good
relations of the races in South Africa if
measures securing the 'liberty and pros
perity of those who surrender b© an
nounced at the earliest possible moment"
points out the enormous and radical
error of the Chamberlain policy la
neglecting to commence such measure*
long ago.— ST. PAUL PIONEER PRESS.
Industrial Migration.
The migration of European capital In
vested in Industrial productiveness from a
continent of exhausted natural resources
is. the most natural thing In the world.
American bridges, agricultural machin
ery, locomotives, steel rails and warship*
have successfully invaded foreign mar
kets, and will continue to do so In In
creasing- ratio, because with our a.bun
dant raw materials and maxvelously effec
tive machinery we can produce thesi
things against the competition of th«
world. "We have been sending coal abroad
to supply European deficiencies, but long
headed British capitalists bav© decided
that It will be economy and the applica
tion of some' business sense to go to th«
American coal and ore and send finished
products into the world's market*.—PHIL
ADELPHIA TIMES.
Justice in Canada.
The country nro'ls American ships now.
Our manufactories are running at a tre
mendous rate and we must have vessels
to carry the products to foreign marKets.
otherwise there will soon be a glut, oyer-
Droductlon and resultant stagnation, it it
19 worth the while of Great Britain.
France and other European nations to
stimulate and maintain their carrying
trade. It Is good policy Tot this country
also We have joint ownership of th<j
Beas and we might as well exercise our
rights and utilize our opportunities.—
KANSAS CITY JOURNAL.
Invasion of London.
Democracy and Socialism.
Gettingrld of Bryan will not efface ths
conditions which have produced Bryan.
"Were he to be dethroned as the Idol of
the radicalized Democracy some one stm
more disturbing than he would be 1 sure to
take his place. In the nature of tmngs
the Democratic party will become mor»
and more socialistic, or give way to a
new party. Jn the course of a few 7^*
Mr. Bryan will seem in the retrospect to
have been a moderate agitator.—PHLUA
DELPHIA NORTH AMERICAN.
Homeseekers Enough.
In all respects the wonderful assimila
tive powers of this republic will be fully
employed without any further Increase m
the volume of the great stream of Immi
gration ever pouring Into the country,
which h'aa long proved more attractive
than any other to those inhabitants or
crowded Old World 1suh1» who have left
their home* to hotter their conditions and
widen thrir opportunlti™. We are re
ceiving h<im»-«<-otoers «t the rate of nearly
half a mlllinn a y»ar. and that .number 13
quite larg" enough. — CI.EV E1~VM>
LEADEU.
Aid Our Shipping:.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
DM VARIETY
Special information supplied dally to
bortness hoo««« «nd public men by th«
Press Cnppirur Bureau (Allan's). 519 Mont
gomery St Telephone Mala. lOtt •
Townsend's California glace fruits. R)c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jai>. bas
kets. A nice present tor Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Buy the Christmas Wasp— send to East
ern friends. Handsomely illustrated. Sol4
everywhere.
Time to express Towrjsend's California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. •
RAILROAD CREW— M. P.. Oakland.
Cal. The question- you ask about a rail
road crew Is • one of purely personal in
terest. You should apply : to • the railroad
company that employed the crew for the
information desired.
ELECTRIC SMELTING— E., Grass '• Yll
ley.Cal.' The first record of smelting by
electricity, in . the British Isles ] that this
department, has. been able to find is that
in November,' 18S3. E. Jalkus was the first
to use that method of separating metals
from alloy.
ASBESTOS^-T.,- Yager, Cal.- California
asbestos has no value in the market for
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Townaend's famous broken and plain
mixed candy. 2 lbs 2Sc. 639 Market street'
Thousands of pound* of California e!acs
fruits all ready for shipping. Townaond'**
Ex. strong hoexhound candy. Tanmamd's*
Choice candies. Townsend's.Palac* Hotel*
This costume Is In bishop color satin
cloth, tallonnade and trimmed with
bands of Parma mauve cloth. The bolero
is cut by bands and has a large Indented
collar. The waistcoat Is of mauva cloth,
with gilt buttons, and the skirt In. Uxa
style of the bolero.
SATIN CLOTH COSTUME.
The latest danger warning comes from a doctor who
says a good many school-children are made sick by
gnawing or sucking, lead .pencils, and we may next
hear. of a campaign of education in favor of muzzling
the' kids.
The Senatorial plum in Pen n sylvan ft. is still hanging
high up in the tree and neither faction in the fight ap
pears to have a pole long enough to reach it; but it
is noted that Quay is shaking the tree with a good
deal of hopefulness.
The Boston papers are making quite a splutter over
the fact that a woman recently died in that city at the
age of 103; but the event appears to outsiders .to be
quite natural. How long do they expect a decent
woman to live in that town?
Not content with preserving the forests of the
Adirondacks, the people of New York are talking of
restocking the woods with moose, and it is believed
hunting permits could be sold at a price sufficient to
make it a good investment by the State.*
No one need be surprised if Kitchener soon join9
Lord Roberts in declaring the war in South Africa to
be over. It is said. in London that Kitchener is dis
gusted with the African job and wishes a command
in India, consequently the sooner he can get his Gov
ernment to accept his work in the Transvaal as a com
pleted contract and give him a new place the better
will he be pleased.
" -. ¦ • « .
Joseph Manley, the well-known politician of Maine,
was recently offered*the position of internal revenue
collector with a salary of $6600 a year, but refused to
take it because it would require him to resign his posi
tion as a member of the Legislature; and now folks
are wondering whether Manley is indifferent to money
or whether there is more money in Maine politics
than has been guessed at.
In this connection we may once more. remind those
vho can do their shopping in the day that they should
by all means leave the evenings to the workers. To
day and to-night and on Monday the stores will be
crowded, but there is no reason why all should not
be able to get through the crowds without loss of
temper. Let each one as far as possible make room
for another.
We speak of it as a week,. for after Christmas the
preparations for welcoming the new century will be
gin, and these will be on a scale not less splendid and
gay than those made for Christmas itself. ' We are not
t« have the grand carnivals and festivals devised in
<ome cities to welcome the century, but we will have
a great celebration none the less. •
This mighty impulse of trade is an evidence of
something more than Christmas jollity. It is due
largely to the events of the past and to expectations
of the future. Humanity lives not in the present only.
It looks before and after. Our people have had a
year of prosperity, and in the year to come perceive
prpspects of golden harvests. All these things com
bine to augment the merry liberality of the season,
and we shall have a Christmas that will sum up in
iuclt the good of the past and the glow of the future
ia one great week of joy.
BUSY, bright and gay as is San Francisco at
every Christmas season, it is doubtful if ever
before there was greater activity in the holiday
tiade than that which lias enlivened the streets and
gladdened tradesmen during the past week. To-day,
whether the weather be fair or stormy, there will be
something of a culmination of what might be called
the annual shopping festival. True, there will be much
business and brisk business on Monday, but that will
be done by the belated ones — by those who have not
been wise .enough to shop early, and therefore it will
be carried on with .1 rush and a scramble^and will
rot measure up to what will take place to-day.
THE HOLIDAY TR0DE.
MEXICO'S SILVER DEFICIT
REPORTS from Mexico announce that heavy ex
ports of silver to the Orient' have occasioned
something like a financial crisis in that country.
i It is stated there is no lack of money in the republic,
but it happens to be in paper or in gold, and the peo
| pie are averse to using it. They have been accus
tomed to silver, and can with difficulty be induced to
: take any other currency.
The situation recalls a somewhat similar condition
I of affairs which prevailed in the Eastern States in 1800.
[ There were loud demands for more paper money, and
! the demand came with special urgency from the rural
! districts. It was found that large numbers of East
ern people were afraid of gold. In some cases it ap
pears business was seriously interfered with by the
\ lack of paper, and our Eastern exchanges at the time
from all parts of the country from Boston to Phila
i delphia were actively engaged in discussing the situ
i ation and suggesting remedies. -
Men . desire to handle money to which they
\ have become accustomed and with whose character
istics they are well acquainted. The average East
i erner is not quite sure that he can tell a gold coin
i from a counterfeit, and therefore hesitates to take
! gold. In California, on the other hand, persons who
! will take gold, almost without looking at it will scru
\ tinize a bank note or a greenback with as much care
\ as if it were a new kind of animal and likely to be
j dangerous. -¦<''•*;»
There is another point in the Mexican situation,
however, of even more interest than the display of
' conservatism with regard to the kinds of money in
j circulation. For some time past the movements of
i silver have attracted the attention of financiers and
eronomists. There has been an enormous demand for
silver in India, and as a consequence the price has
: begun to rise all over the world. The bimetallists
have been prompt to notice the fact and to take ad
1 vantage of it as a means of pressing thtir monetary
theories once more upon the attention of the world.
; It is therefore quite probable we shall hear a good
! deal about the advisability of establishing an "inter
j national bimetallism" before the end of the year.
I Moreton Frewen, an English bimetallism who
' comes very near to being a free silver crank, claims
, that the plan for establishing a gold currency in India
i has, broken down. While the statement is not to b;
accepted as literally true, it appears that in India, as
in Mexico, the people prefer silver to gold simply
j because it is the money to which they have' been ac
! customed. The Indian Government is said to" have
purchased for coinage purposes upward of 30,000,0110
¦ounces of silver since February, and Mr. Frewen pre
i diets that ere long the Government will be forced to
! reopen the mints to the free coinage of rupees., ;
1 Such claims will hardly be accepted by any save
j the bimetallists,. who still cling to the hope of a re-
1 1 1val ' of their cause. The intelligence of the world
From the Evening Post.
Our news columns are occupied to pome extent with accounts of the sen
sational trial -of a libel suit brought against a morning contemporary by
one who claims to belong to the nobility of an ancient European monarchy.
This trial has an importance far beyond its significance as a public
scandal relating to a fashionable hotel. In the first instance it is a libel
suit against a newspaper, and In all such suits the question at bar relates to
the measure of right on the part of a Journal to publish scandalous and
libelous matter In the interest of the public In the next Instance the scan
dalous matter charged is against one who. claiming aristocratic lineage,
has married into a family of wealth and social prominence.
Great wealth is sometimes made, the prey of titled adventurers when such
wealth is in the hands of vain people. The possession of wealth, when one
becomes accustomed to.lt, Is far from satisfying all of the vanities which
its possession engenders.
-;¦"•¦:'•• .j;;»'^
"Within the past few years, however, titled distinction h»s been sought by
the purchase, in the way of marriage settlements, of representatives of
what is termed foreign nobility. The titled aristocrats who eeek wealthy
alliances in America are. as a rule, of dissolute habit. They are bankrupt
in everything except an aristocratic lineage. They, are titled paupers. Im
poverished in purse and character, possessing nothing merchantable except
the feminine form of a title which a marriage alliance with them confers.
Physically, mentally and morally, this effete overflow of European aris
tocracy Is undesirable. ¦ y-'^:. ;; ;f ;£
There are honorable exceptions to this title worship, and occasionally
there is a member of the European aristocracy who seeks a wealthy alliance
in America, and Is at the same time almost if not quite a gentleman; but
there is a general and somewhat continuous sameness In the personal "char
acter Of these people and an equally continuous sameness in the character
of the people with whom they form marriage alliances In this country.
"Worthlessness of character on the one side and ignorant vanity on the other
are the salient features of personality in these marriages.
PERSONAL MENTION. I
Dr. J. L. Howard of Marysvllle is at the j
Grand.
J. M. X>avl6, capitalist at Fresno, Is at
the Russ.
Alden Anderson' of Bulsun is registered
at the Grand.
Dr. R. J. Bromley and wife of Bonora
Rre at the Lick. •
Coroner H. J. Curry of Contra Costa
County Is at the Grand.
L. Fish Jr.. Deputy Sheriff at Red Bluff,
is registered at the Russ.
Frank H. Webster, a Minturn vlneyard
1st. is stopping at the Grand.
C J^ Cox and family of Elmo are at
the Grand for the Christmas holidays.
A. ; M. Allen, who rebuilt the Tanforan
racetrack and has a residence in Mon
terey, is at the Grand.
M. H. Walker, a prominent Salt Lake
City real estate man, is among the late 1
arrivals at the Occidental.
"William F. Herring of the' Southern Pa
cific law department, • returned yesterday
from his trip to New York and Washing
ton, y
Colonel Charles Bentzoni and wife, for
merly the Countess von Schlutterbacn of
Germany, have taken apartments at the
California. They have just returned from
a tour, of the world and intend to make
California their home. Colonel Bentzoni
is an officer in the United States army.
J. A Fillmore, manager of the Southern
Pacific. returned yesterday afternoon
from the East. Mr. Fillmore went to
Rochester early in the month to visit his
aged father. The railroad manager was
taken ill soon after. leaving this city, and |
has been in poor health since. j
the reason that all that has been produced
up to date is too brittle to be. of use. A
prominent dealer In this material said:
"There may come a time when use will be
found for that class of asbestos, but when
that will be npne at this time can tell."
NO SUCH COLLEGES— J. H. O.. Jer
sey, Contra Costa County. Cal. The ros
ter of universities and colleges In the
United States doei» not show that there
are in California any directed by the re
ligious denominations named In the letter
of Inquiry.
FOR NINETY-NIXE YEARS— R. B..
Golden Gate. Cal. If a person transfers
to another a piece of real property for a
period of ninety-nine years In considera
tion of the payment of one dollar, that Is
not a gift. A gift In law la the {gratui
tous transfer of property. When the
property given is not personal, that la real
property, then a deed is in general abso
lutely necessary to transfer the property.
OLD CALIFORNIAN COIN—Subscrib
er, Denverton, Cal. A $5 piece coined by
Baldwin & Co. of California gold in 1850,
and all other coins issued by private firms
In California in the early days, prior to
the establishment of the United States
branch mint in 1854. command a premium
The amount that dealers pay for such de
pends upon the demand. If the corre
spondent will send a self-addressed
stamped envelope the address of a dealer
who will purchase such coins will be for
warded.
POSTAL REVENUE— A. H. H.. City
The tollowlng Is the revenue and expend
itures of the Poetofflce Department each
year from 1S65 to 1S99, inclusive:
AMERICAN DOLLARS AND EUROPEAN TITLES.
Before its laceration the treaty was plain and com
prehensible.' Now it is confusing and subject to a
variety of constructions, which will probably cause
grave trouble in the future. , f P
It will be seen, therefore, that the treaty provides
that warships of all belligerents, including ours and a
nation with which we may be at war, shall pass
through the canal, and that we shall, under the Davis
amendment, treat it as part of our military frontier,
and that, though so treated, it shall enjoy immunity
from attack by a belligerent, and though usable by
Ua in defense it shall not be fortified.
Now, either the Davis amendment annuls the pro
vision against fortification, or is annulled by it.
Section 6 immediately follows, declaring that the
canal and all that is. necessary to its operation shall
enjoy in peace and war complete immunity from at
tack and impairment. ' ,
The next section provides .that no fortifications
shall be erected commanding the canal or adjacent
waters.
Then follows the Davis amendment, which reads:
"It is agreed, however, that none of the foregoing
conditions and stipulations, in sections!, 2, 3, 4 and 5
of this act. shall apply to measures which the United
States may find it necessary to take for securing by
its own forces the defense of the United States an1
the maintenance of public order."
The so-called Davis amendment will probably cause
great confusion in the future interpretation of the
treaty.
In the first article it is provided that the United
States may build and regulate the use of the canal.
The second article opens the canal to the world, pro
vides against its blockade, regulates the passage
through it of war vessels, fixes conditions for the
ships of belligerents and their conduct in the neutral
waters at either end.
THE full text of the Hay-Paunccfote treaty, as
ratified by the Senate, has been given to our
readers.
THE NEW TREATY.
It would be gratifying to have an equally prompt ac
tion this winter. The country is hardly ready yet to
deal definitely with the Southern problem. Moreover,
when that problem is ripe for solution it should be
uken up at a long session, when ample time will be
piven for debate, and when the success of other great
measures will not be imperiled by it. During this
session the country expects of Congress a Nicaragua
canal bill, a merchant marine bill, a Pacific cable bill,
an army bill, a re\-ision of the wax revenue bill, a
postal reform bill and an immigration restriction bill,
ir addition to the bills providing for the current ex
penditures of the Government. It would be an un
wise policy, therefore, to precipitate at this juncture
the prolongc'j fight which a strong effort to pass the
Crumpacker bill would certainly entail.
There is an excellent precedent for speedy action on
the apportionment bill. It was established by the
Fifty-second Congress in dealing with the question
after the census of 1890. In that case the report of
the population was submitted to Congress immediately
upon its meeting, and early in the session an appor
tionment bill was reported. The debate upon it lasted
but a single day. The bill was passed by the House
on December 17. The intec^ntion of the holiday
recess prevented immediate action by the Senate, but
on January 29 it was adopted by that body. The
President approved and signed the bill on February
7, and ample time was thus piven to State Legislatures
in session that winter to redistrict their States.
The question of representation from the States whera
tht negro vote has been restricted affords opportu
nity for prolonged debate, but it is doubtful if it will
occur. There is much work to be done at this session,
and the Republican leaders have no desire to waste
time in fighting for a measure which, if carried through
the House, would probably be defeated in the Senate
by the exercise of dilatory tactics until the term of
this Congress expires. Moreover, the question of the
constitutionality of the restriction acts in 6everal of
the Southern States is yet to be passed upon by ihz
Supreme Court, and it is believed it would be bet
ter for Congress to leave the issue alone until the
court has spoken.
rROM the House Committee on the Census
there have been reported three apportionment
bills fixing the membership of the House for the
next decade. The majority reports in favor of the
Hopkins bill, placing the number of Representatives
at 357. A minority of six members supports a bill
drawn by Burieigh of Maine, fixing the number at
586, and Mr. Crumpacker of Indiana, in addition to
sijning the minority report, presents a bill of his own
designed to reduce representation from several of the
Southern States in proportion to the extent to which
they have restricted suffrage.
APPORTIONMENT BILLS.
A plan of that kind might not work well in Califor
nia, for in this State the complaint has been not so
much of the cost of the books as of their quality; but
none the less anything which tends to economy is of
value here as well as elsewhere. School-children do
not need books as a permanent investment, therefore
if renting is cheaper than owning, why not try it?
In describing the system a Mississippi correspon
dent of the Constitution says: "The Greenville board
supplies not only the books, but all other supplies re
quired in school work. The rent was determined by
carefully computing the cost of the supplies, the prob
able life of the books in the different grades, etc.
Books in the first and second grades are not expected
to last more than a year, but in the higher grades they
will last from two to five years. The first grade pupils
pay only $1 per*year for everything they use, and the
high school grades pay from $2 50 to $3 50 per year.
The teachers instill in the minds of the pupils the ne
cessity of neatness with their books, which is valuable
in their future career, and there is not a school in
Mississippi that is being conducted on a basis more
satisfactory or successful than the public schools of
Greenville."
Such being the case it is worth noting that one
American community has devised a plan which has
given general satisfaction in dealing with the ques
tion. Greenville, Miss., is the lucky place, and we
learn from the Atlanta Constitution that so well
pleased are the people with the system an effort is
to be made to have it adopted everywhere through
out the State. The plan consists in the purchase of
text books by the School Board and renting them to
pupils at fixed prices. . It is said, the saving to the
parents t in Greenville last year was about $4000, and
it is estimated that if the system be applied with
equal efficiency throughout the State the saving would
amount annually to upward of $150,000.
A SCHOOL BOOK EXPERIMENT.
Q LMOST every State in the Union has a school
/ \ book problem to perplex educators and ex
* * asperate parents. We have one in California,
but the discussion upon it has been mild in compari
son with the uproar and the clamor that goes on. in
some States. There are commonwealths where an
assembly of teachers rarely goes by without the adop
tion of resolutions denouncing the text books or the
system by which they are selected as an "outrage, a
barbarism and a disgrace to civilization." '
¦¦ f INCINNATI went wild over the ar-
I rival of the young Duke of Man-
I Chester and his bride, daughter of
V * one of Its solid citizens. If you
don't believe It, Just read the de
scription given by a special corre
spondent of the New York World. It is
vivid, -in spite of the suspicion that he
drew on his Imagination for some of his
facts:
"Never since Colonel Cincinnati got a
telephone mesaage to shake his plow ana
accept the position of Mayor of Porkop
olls, without remuneration, has the Plas
ter Paris of America, alias the Queen City
of the West, been so agitated. All the
week the town has been mad over His
Hibernian Highness. "William Angus
Drogo Montague Manchester (limited).
His Bracelets arrived by fast freight in
his father-in-law's private car, No. 7, on,
Saturday, December S. A. D. 1900, at 30:13
p. m. Standard Oil time.
"Every disengaged man, woman, child
and dog !n Greater Cincinnati was at the
station to meet the youth who had suc
ceeded In capturing the hand, heart and
p-ockstbook of the daughter of a railroad
magnate whose money is only awaiting a
box of social matches to start a British
bonfire.
"The Duke stepped on the platform
first, leaving Mr. Zimmerman behind to
tip the porter. Mr. Manchester was ac
companied by two bull pups, a leather hat
box. a package of cigarettes and the
Duchess,
"He was arrayed In a Zimmerman check
suit, s!lk hat. pointed tan shoes, an eye
glass and an exceedingly becoming blood
pudding tie.
"The regularity with which he has par
taken of his meals has done away with
the exhausted appearance he displayed on
landing in New York. He looks much
fuller.
"As the party approached their carriage
Mayor Fleischmann stepped forward and
read the Declaration of Independence in
Dutch. The Duke replied in pure Irish,
which tickled the members of the Duck
worth Club to death. He excused his
personal appearance on the N ground that
he had forgotten to see his tailor before
leaving England. It had always been his
ambition to get Into Cincinnati society,
he said. There was nothing like it in
England. He could thank God for. that,
he declared.
"The Friendly Sons cf 9L Patrick then
sang 'God Save the Queen,' and the Duke
and Duchess were driven to Mount Au
burn in a pouring rain.
"No one except Cincinnati newspaper
reporters were admitted to the residence,
which accounts for nothing being known
about His Grace's movements until the
following day. Sunday morning got light
about 7:10. but tbe Duke slept soundly un
til 9:30. When he got through sleeping ho
woke up. The :iewBpapers got out a spec
ial announcing this circumstance.
"Another edition wae published at 9:45
to reccrd the fact that the secretary had
gone into tha basement to feed the bull
pups. 'V'v
"At 10:20 the entire- family went to
church and listened to a blood-curdling
permon on 'The Life and Adventures of
the Prodigal Son.'
"After the recessional a reception was
held on the church steps, and Boon after
ward the bride and groom automoblled
through Rat Row, Eden Park, Vine street
and Clifton.
"In the afternoon. Mr. Manchester at
tended a 6acred matinee at an over-the-
Khine theater to witness a performance
given by Belle Billlngs's bloated British
blondes. During the second act His Grace
went behind the scenes to congratulate
(Eire -jggllli^ Qfo^i
SATURDAY. . . . - DECEMBER 22, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
S, Atintt All C»m»nnie*tleM U W. 8. LEAKE, Xsmagtr.
MA*AGi:H'S OFFICE TelepUone Preit 2O4
FCDlLlCATlOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Prei» 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steve»»«m St.
Telephone Preaa 202.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Slnsle Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postages
DAILT CAlX (Including Sunday), one year $1.98
DAILT CALL, (lncludlns; Sunday). 6 months t.00
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday). S months 1.60
DAILY CALL— By S'.r.p'.e Month *5o
SUNDAY CALL. On* T*ar l.M
TTEEKLY CALL, One Tear 1-00
All postmantera are authorised to recelTe
snhncrlptions.
Gaxcpla cor'-** w '-l be forwarded when requested.
Mai! subscribers In ordering chanre of address should b«
particular to fl\* both NJJW AND OLD ADDRESS tn order
to i^urt a prosspt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLV>D OFFICE 1118 Broadwnr
C. 'GEORGE KROGXESS.
i'lupt ftnifB AftrtrtUi&g. XaracttU Bcilding, Ctleif*,
iLor-p Distance Telephone "Central MIS.")
KETV TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOS Herald Square
MKVT YORK REPRESETCT ATI V 13 :
gTKf»HE* B. SMITH SO Tribune Bnlldlng
Free Description of the Entry of the Young Duke and
His Bride Into the Mdst of Porkopolis
HOW MANCHESTER TOOK
CINCINNATI BY STORM
Despite all that may be said, there is nothing in the
recent increase in the demand for silver and the con
sequent rise in price to justify a reopening of the old
issue, and if the Mexican Government be wise it will
take advantage of the present demand for money to
introduce the gold standard in that country. '.• £3'**
will see no reason why a demand for silver as a cir
culating" medium' should indue? the' Indian Govern
ment to set aside the gold standard. They may coin
silver in India as we coin it in this country for use
where gold is too valuable and bank notes are un
available, but they are not at all likely to return to
the old system which in times past was so injurious
to every interest of India and her people.:- 1
We are of orinion that this method would at once
¦reduce divorces 50 per cent. What cases were tried
j would furnish a sort of public entertainment, and at
the same time would be a solemn admonition and
J example to those who enter lightly upon the thorn
bordered path of matrimony, because they feel that if
they don't like it they can escape so easily that their
! experience will be a mere episode in life.
Now, why not recast our laws of divorce so as to
I compel both parties to such an action to act as their
i own attorneys and examine each other under oath?
j They have a more intimate knowledge of the facts
ithan any one else can have. Each is aware that the
I other knows all the follies and weaknesses that may bs
1 brought out in a trial. All of the incidents of their
[domestic life, from the morning when love and the
! pancakes were both -cold to the evening when at din
ner the wine glasses were used for ammunition, lie
within their knowledge. Why not compel them to ap
j pear as attorneys against each other, and have it out
He has been compelled to tell of their quarrels and
fights, and made to beast of his skill in dodging do
mestic crockery and glassware aimed at him in many
an inter-conjugal battle. His scars have been ex
hibited and commented on, and the pains and pleas
ures of domesticity have been treated as choses in
action by the lady lawyer, who appears at once as
wife, defendant, attorney and inquisitor.
In this trial the husband sues for divorce and the
wife appears in court as her own attorney. She has
occupied two days and threatens to use two more in
heckling her husband in cross-examination as a wit
ness for himself. It is true that she has made the
rules of evidence look sick and the spirit of Grecnleaf
to groan in great torment, but she has infused into
judicial proceedings an interesting and, at times,
amusing novelty, that will be long remembered. She
has made the somewhat seasoned partner of her con
jugal experience go over the soft and salad days ana
nights of the courtship, and tell in cold blood the
thrills and raptures of his first hours of love. Every
cooing and each billing has been served up in style,
brochctted on the iron skewer of the law.
Perhaps to California will belong the discovery of
a plan to reduce the number of divorces. A divorce
should have publicity. There should be nothing se
cret nor covert about it But publicity alone has not
proved sufficiently deterrent to those "who chafe in
the matrimonial harness. Something more is re
quired. Has it not been found, or suggested, in a
trial now proceeding in this city?
Happily, that law is repealed. Not only social cus
tom and propriety, but the rights of third parties, re
quire that marriage shall be a public contract, not
necessarily entered into in the presence of a great
cloud of witnesses, but made the subject of public rec
ord, through the issue of a license, and the proper
return made and recorded by the officiating party.
THE LAW AND THE LADY.
THE prevalence of divorce in this country has
been much discussed. Regarded by some as a
symptom of abnormal social conditions, it has
been held to foretell the ruin of the social fabric.
The laws of many States have at times been so framed
as to facilitate divorce. For a long time Connecticut
had an evil fame in that respect The laws of that
State increased the grounds upon which separation
could be obtained, and also lowered the residence,
qualification for a standing in court to invite parties
from other States to make it the Mecca of couples
tuffering from marital infelicity.
In that time was written the punning epigram:
For cutting all connections famed,
Connect-I-cut la fitly named.
More recently South Dakota has offered the mo6t
liberal terms and has secured the trade of large num
bers of mismated couples, upon whom the bonds of
matrimony were too heavy to be borne.
California is not specially liberal in that direction,
and our laws have not been framed willfully to make
divorce easy, but still much of the time of our courts
i3 taken up with the infelicities that have followed
the last Quarter of the honeymoon.
Perhaps the apparently undue prevalence of divorce
here has been due to our former contract marriage
law, which made matrimony as easy as a summer
THE SAJST FRANCISCO CALL;; SATURDAY, DECEMBER .22, 1900.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Miss Billings- on her artistic performance,
expressing the hope that she might not
catch cold on account of her drapery. . .
"After the show a drive was taken to
Clifton in cab No. 8, Cincinnati Transfer
Company, and visits were paid to several
of our most prominent familleB.
"Precisely at 9:30 the guest of the day
washed his hands, dried them on a towel,
brushed his hair, holding the brush firmly
in his right hand (not the left as stated
by an evening paper) and went Into the
dining-room to partake of a home dinner
consisting of native products viz: Larded
pigs' feet, pork chops, breakfast bacon,
hogs' head cheese, bologna, pretzels and
"Toward midnight he had a sinking
spell and was carried to bed. After sev
eral physicians had exerted themselves In
his behalf he rallied and called for some
wlenerwuret. At 1 a. m. the lights were
all out and the reporters slumbered se
renely on the porch until daybreak.
"The Duke'B arrival has upset Cincin
nati. Even a hired girl won't look at a
man unless he has a title of some sort or
other. The K. P.'b are calling themselves
"Sir," and the Elks have called a meet-
Ing to give each member an aristocratic
title. If Eugene Zimmerman doesn t go
crazv it will be because he has become
reconciled to his fate. Fifteen hundred
dollar dogs, $1400 automobiles, a $3000 set
of gold harness -would worry any man in
Porkopolls."
6
Revenue Kxt>«ndltur«
FISCAL TEAR. of the Sf the
Department Department.
1863
1S70
1S73
1ST8 ....<
1S77
1878
1ST9
1S80
1551
1552
1553
1884
1S83
1886
1SS7
1SS3
1SS3
1S90 ..'.
1R91
1S92
1S9J
1S94 ...
1*95 ...:
1596
1597
1898
1899
*».5j>«.15» m.«M.72S
19.772,231 23.WS.837
E >? ?o'^ 33,2«3,4? S
27.4RS.333 33.436,3:2
29.277,a17 34.16." 084
30.041.983 33.449859
33.315.479 [ 38.542.804
!?i^ t398 ».251.7M
41.8.6.410 40.033 633
43.33«.1*7 46.404 S60
42.6«9.844 49 5M 150
HHT-fl? 62.231.673
52.69o.l,« 65.793.3SS
69.1io,Sll 41 37c gi7
6O.8S2.097 Swnn?
65.931.786 . 71 662.4W
7O.93n.475 7S 323 76^
75.SS8.933 . 81 074104
75.0SO.479 iUZUu
78.9S3.11S 86 730 172
83,499.208 M82«29«
82.«65.4e2 M0772«
89,C12,61S »S0315a
86.021.884 ; Wl^lS
Revenue Kxt>«ndltur«
FISCAL TEAR. of the Sf the
Department Department.
1863
1S70
1S73
1ST8 ....<
1S77
1878
1ST9
1S80
1551
1552
1553
1884
1S83
1886
1SS7
1SS3
1SS3
1S90 ..'.
1R91
1S92
1S9J
1S94 ...
1*95 ...:
1596
1597
1898
1899
*».5j>«.15» m.«M.72S
19.772,231 23.WS.837
E >? ?o'^ 33,2«3,4? S
27.4RS.333 33.436,3:2
29.277,a17 34.16." 084
30.041.983 33.449859
33.315.479 [ 38.542.804
!?i^ t398 ».251.7M
41.8.6.410 40.033 633
43.33«.1*7 46.404 S60
42.6«9.844 49 5M 150
HHT-fl? 62.231.673
52.69o.l,« 65.793.3SS
69.1io,Sll 41 37c gi7
6O.8S2.097 Swnn?
65.931.786 . 71 662.4W
7O.93n.475 7S 323 76^
75.SS8.933 . 81 074104
75.0SO.479 iUZUu
78.9S3.11S 86 730 172
83,499.208 M82«29«
82.«65.4e2 M0772«
89,C12,61S »S0315a
86.021.884 ; Wl^lS
AMUSEMENTS.
Orand Or*rt -honat<*»— "A Tale of Two CW««."
A!e*tir— "Madam* Butterfly."
Columbia— "Th# I>uk«>'e Jester."
71 vo!'.— * 'Cinderella. "
Central Th"M«r— "The Heart of Maryland."
California— "Ol» OUon."
Ors>heum— Vaudeville.
Olympla, corner Mason and Bddy street*— Specialties.
Chutee, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•Twnln*.
F*i»ch«3r*»— Vauderllle.
AUCTION SAt.F r v
By Edward B. Brear & Cb.— This day. at 11 o'clock a. m., at
S1-C3 Butter street. Books.
By S. VTatkins— This day. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at Twelfth
ar.d HarrlBoo streets.
~ —For a Cold in the Head.
r ATa tlT.e Bromo-gulnlne. JTableta. • I
The "New West" edition of the Christ
mas Wasp has met with an unexpected
demand, to supply: which a second edition
has been published. , The publication Is
beyond doubt. one of the most artistic that
has ever been Issued on • this coast. It
forms an album of views and scenes from
all sections of the Pacific Coast and the
Orient, which are instructive . as well as
entertaining. The panoramic map of the
pioneer overland route Is of great his-
Christmas "Wasp.
Accident to an Automobile.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 21.— The first se
rious accident to an automobile carriage
occurred here this afternoon whenj. M.
McLeod attempted to force one of the
machines to climb the Eecond-street hill
from Olive street to Grand avenue. Mc-
Leod's machine is a surrey, which he has
been using as a public conveyance.- To
day, with two male passengers, he es
sayed the ascent of the steep grade. The
power gave out and the machine began to
back rapidly down hill. In front of the
Hotel Argyle the automobile dashed Into
the curb, throwing j out the occupants.
The three men escaped with a few
scratches and bruises, but the automobile
was wrecked.
VANCOUVER. Dec, 21.— The bodies of
three victims of the steamer Alpha dis
aster were lost to-day while being con
veyed to the scene of the Inquest Nine
men met death in the wreck and only
three, bodies were recovered. They were
those of J. H. Barber, purser, brother of
the managing owner of the steamer,
Third Engineer William Moore and a
stowaway named McKay. The. bodies
were being taken In a rowboat to Den
man Island. The boat was in tow of a
launch. As it was nearing the wharf the
engines of the launch were reversed and
the boats collided, with the result that
the smaller overturned and the bojies
sank.
James Young was the plucky sailor who
took the first rope from the Alpha to the
shore, and this saved twenty-live mem
bers of the crew. He says Captain Yorke
evidently became bewildered, for he gave
many contrary orders that kept the ves
sel dodging from port to starboard before
she struck. Young: rested on the anchor
until a receding wave laid bare the rocks.
Then, swinging himself outward, he drop
ped upon the rocks, made a dash for the
cliff and even the white bundle of rope
he carried was lost In the darkness. Im
mediately there followed a huge wave
and the suspense on board was terrible.
Then above the shrill distress shrieks of
the steamer's whistle, the roar of the sea
and the howling wind a faint cry came
through the darkness in the direction of
the reef.
Ernest Gough was the first seaman to
cross the line and he found that Young
was unable to fasten the rope against the
rocks, had been overcome by his strug
gles to reach shore and was exhausted.
With one hand bracing himself against
the bare rock and the rope wrapped
around his other arm Gough held up the
line alone for the next half-dozen men to
come up. He was frequently knocked
against the rocks and lifted bodily off his
feet, but he held to the rope until Kls
arm was frightfully lacerated. The cap
tain was halfway across* the line, when
he turned back In despair and later per
ished.
Alpha Victims Are Being Taken
to Scene of Inquest.
Accident Occurs While Remains of
TfTrVEE BODIES LOST BY
CAPSIZING OF A BOAT
tural Commissioner t "W.',J. "Westlake of
Martinez is here to Investigate a recently
discovered parasite of the Monterey pine
which Is said to be an absolute destroyer
of all kinds of scale. *• •
Mr. Westlake believes that if this para
site is* developed and scattered . through
the orchards of the State, scale of every
kind now known will be exterminated
He intends making a thorough study of
the new parasite and will submit it to
careful practical tests.
Swallows Add by Mistake.
STOCKTON, Dec. ZL— Mrs. James Reil
ly, residing at 226 ¦ South Monroe street,
drank nitric acid early this morning, mis
taking it for a sedative medicine, and died
in a few minutes in great agony. Her son
an employe of a local bank, had been re-'
plenishing, some electric batteries and left
the bottle of acid on the. table, where his
mother kept; her medicine. She leaves a
husband, son and daughter.
Horticultural Commissioner West
lake's Discovery a Boon to
Orchardists.
PACIFIC GROVE, Dec 2L— Horttcnl-
FINDS NEW PARASITE
THAT FEEDS ON SCALE
SAX JOSE. Dec. 21. —A fight in being
waged over the money left by "Old Joe"
Greenberg, the pioneer pawnbroker of
this- city. Asher Greenberg died two
years ago, leaving $10,000. No will was
filed and Annie Greenberg:, the widow,
took charge of the estate, and has made
no accounting. Hinda Greenberg, a
daughter living in San Francisco, objected
to this and had her mother cited to pro
duce a will, which she declared was in
existence, and by which Hinda Greenberg
was given $300. In Judge Hyland's court
to-day Mrs. Greenberg produced the in
strument. By its terms four of the chil
dren are left H apiece and Hinda Green
berg $300. The rest of the estate goes to
the widow. The contestant haB now ap
f>lled for letters of administration and a
Ively contest Is promised.
TTinda Grecnberg Fighting for Her
Dead Father's Estate.
SUES HER MOTHER.
dentally dropped a lighted match into a
can of coal oil last night. Johnny Jewell
Is dead and his father's home near Mt.
Vernon is badly wrecked. The boy was
about 12 years old. Either while playinp
with matches or lighting a lamp ha
dropped a lighted match into some kero
pene. It exploded, knocking down parti
tions and setting the bedding on fire. The
same Instant another terrific explosion oc
curred, the first concussion having ex
ploded a kep of black blasting powder In
the adjoining room. The combined ex
plosions knocked the plaster off, tore
a great hole in the roof and damaged
every part of the house. The unfortunate
boy was thrown against a wall and badly
injured and burned, dying early this
morning at the house of a neighbor.
The other members of the family were
hurt, but not seriously. After taking the
Injured boy out they organized a bucket
brigade and by heroic action were able
to save the house from being destroyed by
fire.
Mount Vernon Lad's Carelessness
Causes His Xteath. and "Wreck-
Ing of a Dwelling.
TACOMA, Dec. 21.— Because he acci-
DROPS UGHTED MATCH
INTO CAN OF COAJj OIL
REDDING. Dec. 21.— Recent rains have
swollen the Sacramento River the rec
ord mark. All streams In this vicinity are
high. The new county bridge across
Squaw Creek, near Copper City, just com
pleted at a cost of $1500, was swept away
to-day.
Bridge Swept Away.
These unhappy conditions have pre
vailed since Sunday, when the lower part
of the dyke on Lulu Island broke. Every
day since then has seen a development of
flood conditions and the walls protecting
the alluvial ground have been washed
away all along the river front The cause
primarily was the heavy and Incessant
rains of the paet two •weeks, together •with
the combination of high tides and strong
winds. The tides for. the past four days
have been very high, even for December.
The damage ha? not yet 'been estimated,
but It will be very heavy.
VANCOUVER. Dec. 21. —The valley
lands of the Fraser River, the most fertile
farming section of British Columbia, are
under three feet of water and the town of
Steveston is flooded. Locomotion in the
town is possible only in boats and the
people paddle about the streets and reside
in the upper floors of their houses. Plank
sidewalks are floating around indiscrim
inately without regard to their proper lo
cation. The flood on the ranch lands is so
serious that a number, of cattle have been
drowned, and to save their flocks and
herds the farmers have removed them in
boats to higher ground some miles away.
The steamer Transfer plies between
New Westminster and Stevepton. When she
parsed on her regular trip to-day Farmer
William Savage signaled to her to stop at
the dyke land below his house and pick up
his livestock, which was in imminent dan
ger of drowning. His action was followed
by all. the other ranchers In the neigh
borhood.
Sperlal PlFratch to The Call.
Breaking of a Dyke Causes a Disas
trous Inundation of a
District in Eritish
(olumhia.
BOATS ARE PLYING
ON THE STREETS OF
FLOODED STEVESTON
SAX JOSE, Dec. 21.-Henry L. Hlrsch,
proprietor of the New York Exchange
Hotel and Pabst Cafe, to-day began a
suit asain*t his wife. Bella Hlrsch. for
divorce. Charges of Infidelity are made.
and the complaint names Joseph Mar
tinez, a cook of this city, as co-reapond
ent. It Is alleged that Mrs. Hlrsch and
Martinez went to San Rafael on Decem
ber 10 and stopped at the California
House. Mr. and Mrs. Hlrsch were mar
ried in 1S85 and have a boy about 10 yeara
old.
The suit promises to be sensational, as
It is said Mrs. Hirsch will make counter
charges against her nusband. This after
noon she filed her answer, denying the
charges. She asks for $50 a month ali
mony, $50 costs of court and $500 counsel
fees.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Names a. Cook as Co-Respondent and
His Wife Will Make Counter
charges in a Cross
HENRY L. HIRSCH
FILES SENSATIONAL
SUIT FOR DIVORCE
Stevens captured a large proportion of the
short-distance races, while McFarland de
voted his attention to the handicaps and
the distance events. Each year upon the
dope of the circuit in the East the riders
hastened to San Jose, where they recov
ered from the strain to which thev were
subjected during the season.
Mr. Stevens has retired from the path
and will hereafter devote himself to com
mercial pursuits. Miss Theuerkauf la a
popular belle ard is the daughter of C. W
Theuerkauf. the well known capitalist
SUES HER HUSBAND
FOR BIGAMY, FRAUD
AND EMBEZZLEMENT
SAN* JOSE. r>ec. 21. — Another of the
Garden City's fairest daughters is
about to be claimed in marriage.
Or. Monday Orlando L. Stevens of
Ottumwa. Iowa, will lead to the
altnr Mi?? Ivutie Evelyn Theuerkauf, the
ctremony to be performed in the home of
the bride's parents.
Th!s will be the culmination of a court
j 1 Ip extending over Eeveral years. The
g-room-elect came to this city originally
Mrs. John W. Tinsley Marries Sup
posed Riches, trat Soon Finds
Herself Poorer Than
Before.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Dec. a.— As a result
of trouble last niglit between Police Judge
John P. Bauder and a woman named
Claudie Kline, the former has & terrible
wound In his neck and face and the wo
man liee dead on a slab in the Morgue.
Bauder*6 wounds were inflicted by the
woman with a razor, while her death re
sulted from her taking a large dose of
poison afterward.
Bauder was married last week, and the
Kline woman, with whom he had formerly
been on friendly terms, evidently Induced
him to visit her room last 'night with the
intention of killing him and then com
mitting suicide. While Bauder is weak
from loss pf blood, his wounds are not
considered dangerous.
Commits Suicide.
Wounds a Prescott Police Judge and
JEAIZDTJS WOMAN'S CRIME.
Manager in Time to Catch
a Train.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 2L-Many things
h&ve happened to Harry Corson Clark©
since his arrival in this city yesterday
afternoon. As described In a special dis
patch to The Call he was required by R.
T. McKlslck to make a retraction of cer
tain remarks attributed to him concerning
McKislck's sister, Madeleine Brtiguiere,
while she was a member of Clarke's com
pany. Clarke played to a profitless house
last night and his troubles culminated
this morning when he was about to leave
for Marys**ille. Fifteen large trunks con
taining the stage apparel of his company
had no sooner been piled in a heap at the
depot than Deputy Sheriff Hinters ap
t eared and levied an attachment on them
in pursuance of a suit brought In a Jus
tice's court in San Francisco by W. H.
W right against Clarke for $399 W.
The complaint alleged that Clarke em
ployed Wright as his manager at $50 a
week, and the contract provided that
•whenever Clarice should discharge him h©
would have to buy him a return ticket to
New York. Wright alleged that he had
nevered connection* with Clarke In San
Francisco, but got no ticket to New York.
He therefore sued for the price of one
and for $200 damages.
Both parties employed lawyers and
there was a deal of wrangling until
Clarke saw that he was about to miss tha
train for Marysvllle, when he compro
mised for something less than $150.
Actor Compromises With His Former
HARRY CORSON CLARKE'S
TRUNKS ARE ATTACHED
Two weeks later Tinsley reappeared in
this city and met Mrs. Tinsley. She de
manded the return of her $700 and the
Jewelry. Tinsley told her he had de
posited part of the money In a bank In
Arkansas. H« pave her a draft on tfie
bank for $T5 and then disappeared. When
Mrs. Tinsley sent the draft on for pay
ment fhe was informed by return mall
that Tinsley had withdrawn the money
from the bank by telegraph.
TiriFley did not go to Montana, but
came to this city. Ten days later Mrs.
Tinsley received from him a letter in
which he admitted that he had deceived
her In regard to his $75,000 fortune. Mrs.
Tinsley immediately packed up her effects
and started for this city. Tinsley was in
fenned by telegTaph of her departure
and ¦when she arrived here he had left
for Moriett, Mo.
The couple were married In Van Bnren,
Ark., on January 2 of this year. Mrs.
Tinsley was then the owner of H00 cash
and a house and lot at Jackson, Tt-nn.,
which she valued at j:Si.M. She alleges
that prior to their marriage. TlneTey
falsely and fraudulently represented to
her that he owned property interests In
Helena. Mont, worth about $75,000. Un
der tbe persuasion of ber husband. Mrs.
Tlnfley says. f=tae sold hex property In
Jackson for $li>00.
On Aujrust 2!> the couple went to Excel-
Flor Springs. While there, Mrs. Tinsley
rays. Tlnsiey induced her to part with
$700. saying: that he would have to go to
Montana immediately to settle some busi
ness affairs connected with his $75,000
worth of propertv. Tinsley departed, tak
ing with him, In addition to the $700, a
diamond ring and stud for which Mrs.
Tinsley bad paid J400. * .
Charges of bigamy, fraud and embezzle
ment are now made by Mrs. Tinsley
against the man she called husband for
several months. In a suit filed In the
Superior Court to-day Mrs. Tinsley seeks
to recover $1100 which she claims was em
bezzled.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 2L-When Anna
Pittman Tinsley married John W. Tinsley
about nine month* ago she had pleasant
T-islons of a Ion? life of happiness, sur
rounded by the conveniences and luxuries
which only wealth can afford. She be
lieved her husband to be worth $75,000.
and under this delusion willingly ad
vanced to him all of tbe property she
owned prior to her marriage. The money
was used to defray the expenses of their
honeymoon, until one day last Septem
ber, when Tin=ley disappeared.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
with E. C. Bald and other noted wheel
men to winter here. He was one of the
fastest rider? in America and won many
important championships. In deportment
and di-meanor he was far above the aver
afe professional athlete and he soon made
many friends here. He was entertained
freely and became a general favorite.
Before starling on the Eastern bicycle
circuit Stevens formed a racing partner
ship with Floyd McFarland. This has
provd the most successful combination
of it? character In the history of the sport.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
HISS LOTTIE EVKLTIC THEUERKAUF OF SAN JOSE ANX» ORLANDO L. STEVEN'S. THE NOTED WHEEL
MAX, WHO WILL WED NEXT MONDAY. MR. STEVENS FIRST MET HIS BRIDE-TO-BE WHILE WINTER
ING IN CALIFORNIA. SEVERAL YEARS AGO. ,
CYCLIST STEVENS A WINNER
IN THE MATRIMONIAL RAGE
His Engagement to Miss Theuerkauf the Culmination of a
Courtship Extending Over Several Years.
• - ¦ ?. *-•.>¦¦¦' - ...
Th« cause of the shooting lies In the
fact that Trtjen Mr. and Mr?. Mack were
married two years ag-o fhe had consider
able money. Mack h«s led the Ufe of a
rambler ar.d 5s alleged to have got away
with all that the had and =he has been
vrorklrig: a* a dressmaker for som« time.
It Is f-r-.ii that he recently threatened to
leave her and It •was this that led to the
chootlrg.
The bystanders la the place had not Un
pered many minutes alter the shooting
Df^an. but when Mack wa* gone and all
the chambers in the pistol were empty.
Mr. Bradley tried to quiet the woman.
She would not be Quieted, until McCon
ville walked out in front of the bar.
¦where he Ftcod for a minute and then
Jalr.ted. tlnkir^r limp upon the floor. Mr.
Bradley called Mrs. Mack's attention to
the man and asked her what she thought
of what f he had done. That was th© first
the knew that one of her bullets had
found a lodgment and she expressed gTeat
repret, hastened to the man's side and
a? ked that a physician be sent for as soon
fcf possible. Dr. Hearne was called.
V. hile Mre. Mack's attention was called
to the man she had wounded, the man
she meant to reach eucce«^ied In making
his escape. A little later fhe was induced
to leave the p'.ace. and. going: to her home.
the sent a oessemrer to the police office,
a* king thai an ofScer be sent to arrest
her. She wa* locked up for a time, bur
later her bond wae fixed at 5500 and she
wa? able to obtain bondsmen and her re
lease.
Mack. It teems, was the lirst to notice
her approach, but almost at the same mo
ment she raised a revolver and sr-nt a
bullet In his direction. The bullet did not
land on the human targ-et the woman bad
picked out ar,d it was followed almost in
an instant by a tecocd. TMs was as
badly directed as the first, for It found
a. !odpn«-.t in the left thigh of P. II. Mc-
Conviile, passing throtijrn ana entering tlie
right thigh, whence it was extracted later.
Three more bullets were tired at Mack
a* h* dodged out of the billiard room
cr.d behind the bar. making his way to
the private oSice of the proprietor of the
place. !r.to which he hurried and closed
and locked the door. N< ne of the bullets
reached fcirn. and fortunately they found
no retting piaee more animated tuan tbe
wood-work bark of the bax.
SAX DIEGO. Dpc. 21.— Because a vco
rrs.?. coulfl not handle a revolver with a
reasonable tfejrrr-e of pr<*cls'on. the wrong
:r.an is carrjlr.g a bnllet wound about
with hlrn and the husband of the woman
!s cor.sIdertEg hirr.Felf lucky that she was
no better marksman. The Fhootinp took
piace shortly after 12 o'clock to-<lay at
The Opera Saloon, at the corner of Fourth
ar.d C Ftrcets. whither John Mack, who
:s familiarly known as "Happy Jack."
had g-oce for & drir.k. Mrs. Ma<~k followeJ
him there ar.d from her previous pr^par
atJons for the meeting It Is supposed that
her desire to pur.ish him for offens*-s said
to have been committed was premeditat
<*£¦ He had entered the saloon at the
Fourth-street entrance and ¦was seated
at a table In the billiard room talkirg to
P. H. McConvine. when Mrs. Mack, en
tered the place through the C-Ftreet en
trance, and. walking through the back
room, entered the billiard rocia.
Epecia*. D!fT>aJch to The Call.
Sirs. John Mack Tunis Loose Her
E*volver in a Liquor Dispens
ary and WoTinds P. H-
KcConville.
SALOON LOUNGERS PUT TO FLIGHT
San Diego Woman Shoots
at Husband and Hits
Another Man.
WIFE'S BAD AIM
DISASTROUS TO
A BYSTANDER
The first news of the tragedy was
learned last evening, when Hig-gina called
at the Sheriff's office and made the start
ling announcement that he had killed ttn>
persons in Coldwater -Canyon, and wanted
the authorities to take care of the bodies.
Higglns is 26 years old and has lived In
the canyon all his life. His brother-in-law
says he has been of unsound mind for
some years.
Dr. Jordan on Chinese Question.
LOS ANGELES. Dec a.— At to-day's
session of the Southern California Teach
ers' Association addresses were delivered
by President C. L. Ennis. Superintendent
T. M. Greenwood of Kansas City and
President David Starr Jordan of Stanford.
The latter's address was a discussion of
the situation In China, In the course of
which he referred to the provocation of
foreign aegnressions which had preceded
the trouble in China, opposed the parti
tioning of the Celestial empire and com
mended the policy of our administration
as so far developed.
Sheriff Hammel went to the ranch to
day, and, after removing a part of the
earth from the spot Indicated by the mur
derer as his victims' grave, saw enough
to convince him that the partiaJly uncov
ered grave contained human bodies. Hig
gins all the time asserted that these were
the bodies of his victims. The Sheriff
could not proceed in his Investigations
because of the sickening odors that issued
from the hole, and. besides, he did not
wish to disturb the bodies until the Coro
ner had viewed them. He returned to the
city with Hlgrglns In custody and placed
him In the County Jail. Coroner Holland
will go to the ranch to-morrow ana hold
an inquest.
LOR AN'GELES. Dec. 21.-Edward V.
Hig-gins, who betrays all the signs of de
mentia, lies in a cell in the County Jail,
by his own confession a double muTderer.
His victims were his mother, Mrs. Pat
rick Hisgins, and 'Billy" Shehan, an oH
sheep herder. The appalling- crime, ac
cording to Hipgrins* distraught tale, was
committed on the Hig&ins ranch in Cold
water Canyon, about five miles north ot
Sherman, on the nisht of December 4.
The murderer declares that he killed his
victims with an ax while they were
sleeping: and that afterward he dragged
their bodies to an old potato pit near by
and covered them with earth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Assassin Uses an Ax. as His Weapon
and Buries the Bodies in an
Old Potato j^it on a
Banco.
SLAYS VICTIMS AS THEY SLEEP
Lunatic Confesses to Two
..' Killings in Coldwater
Canyon.
MURDERS HIS
MOTHER AND
AN OLD MAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L,, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1900.
7
AlfTJST.'M KNT3.
BBLA3CO AND TMALL'S
CENTRAI
; Market St.. Nr. Eighth.
Opens To=Night.
Magnlflcent Produrtt on— DAVID BEI^ASCC'I
Famons Military Romanes.
™e HEART OF MARYLAND
HVERY EVENING. rNCLCDINO ffCNDAY.
MATINEE TO-MORROW (ST^TDAY).
SPECIAL XMAS MATINEE TUESDAY.
PJSirFt Ev*g>— lOc. 15c. 'S5o. SSc ROo
i 1 IV Cj Matinees— 10c and 25c. No higher.
SEATS ON SALE*yi^.V o ,fifiS
After Sen. seats wUl b» en sal* at tha
theater box cMce.
, Ek^V fiy |\ MjJ A io^s £f*^
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
— — <TROW1>1EIJ ALL THS TDOBI
MATIN KK3 TO-DAT. TO-MORROW AXT>
CHRISTMAS DAY.
Continued Success of tb*
OLTVEB-LESLtS COMPANT——
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
ATALE of TWO CITIES
MONDAY NIOHT.
OUR CHRISTMAS ATTRACTION.
"AN OFFICER OF^THE SECOND."
Evealas Prices— lOe. "15c, 25e and SOo.
A few front rows In orchestra, 75c.
Matinee Prices— lOc. 15c. SSo and SOc.
no higher.
Branch Ticket Offlcs-£ciporlura.
FISCHER'S co 1Si5L«rS£ Sfc -
COGILL AND COOPER' 3 COMEDIANS IN
•THE WIDOW O'BRIEN r f
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES
AND MUSICAL ACTS!
Rgsei-yed Sgatm. Oc. Matlne«» goaa«y.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
_v_^ OV 'I'M iff —
FIDELITY and DEPOSIT
COMPANY
OF BALTIMORE. IN THE BTATD OS*
Maryland, on the list day of December.
A. D. 1539. and for the y«ar ending oxx that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of tha State of California, pursuant to th*
provisions of Sections CO and 611 of th» Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank famished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid trp la
Cash fl.SM.004 OQ
ASSETS. ~ *
DmI Cstate owned by Company ...... S800.000 oo
Cash Market Valuo of ail Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.152. «? m
Cash in Company's Office M.&4 17
Cash In Banks J43.ii» 04
Premiums In dua Couiw of CoUeo-
tlon US.9T9 13
Total Assets .~....~.~.~.~\k,?n,V*ri
LIABTLXTTEa. '
Lows adjusted and niptld......^. t*,U7 23
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense U.748 13
Gross premiums on R!gks rusnina;
one year or less, tl.234.t73 SS; re-
insurance SO per cent.. ...__....... rtltt? n
Total Liabilities.,,.....^.......... |»43.O3 D
INCOMBL J
Ket casb actually r»c-iv»d for pre-
miums SM7.3O IS
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources JT.517 S3
Rcc#tyed for Rents U.13S O
Received for commissions. Safe De-
posit Dept.. etc.... .................... 196.429 S3
Total Income. ..^..^ It, 132, tl? 45
E3CPT2ST>mrRE8. =
Ket amount paid for Losses XXXt.KS «*
Dividends to Stockholders 2O7.4S4 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage BS.2P0 9«
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers. cl<?rlt». etc 70.333 tl
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 40.444 09
All other payments and expenditures 15*.«l it
Total Expenditures.....^.......... tMO.ai d
ED"WTX TTARFIELD, Preaideat.
H, B, BOSLER. Secretary.
Subwrlbsd and sworn to befor* ou this i\*^
day of January. 1900.
FTIUD. 3. AXTELL. Notary Public
FRANK L7~GILBBRT,
GENERAL AGE?IT,
ROOMS 24-2S TENTH FLOOR,
MILLS BUILDING,
San Franclttco.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
jv ' on Application. iJJUJ
attorney!
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
lot California «u Ctaato btrlldlHg.
COAL. COKE AMD PIQ IROX.
J f WIT R Cf) *°° battery Street.
J-W> ITILOUJ.1 tt WU«, Ttlephon. Mate W4,
COPPERSMITH.
C V. SMITH, ISS b iTpetK^ S3
U WasMngton it. Telephoaa Mala K41.
FRESH A.XD SALT MEATS.
JAS BOYES&CQ. VSSFi^^gZTiaF
0ILg
UTBRICATETO OILS. LDOKARD A vn.T.^m
415 Front at., 3. F. Phone Main 1719.
_ PAINTS.
Cylinder ft Lubrlcatlns; Oils. Sehselder's Mlntna
Candles. C. O. CLINCH * CO.. • Front. 8. V.
— — — — — _
EC. HUGHES, mt^SS^:aF.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JI^>D CO.,
j O First tt.. San grandsco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
raergghio PARTRIDGE ""^T 1 *
WHIT£ iSH STE1M COAL.^^^,"
DIAMOND COAL VrN'tNO CO.. at tts GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, la the Best Coal tn m
a •MTr c fPTM~RTrTa-
SIATIXEB TO-DAT (SATURDAT), T*c 22.
Parquet, Ec. any seat; balcony. 10c; chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE AS IT SHOULD BE!
SHEAN A2JD "WARREN, TRXTLT
SHATTUCX, MME. DOBIA,
MXLE. CHEISTINA'S DOQ, CAT
AND MONKEY CTRCTJS, HAL
DAVIS AND INEZ MACATTLET,
THE HARMONY FOUR, SPEN-
SER KELLY, PANTZES TROUPE,
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGBAPH.
OPEXIXG T0-.M0RRO-W MATIXEE.
The Grt-Bt»st of All VaudpvUJe CombinaUoos
THE ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
DIRECTION* MARTIN BECK.
ALF ELLTNGHOUSB Prop, aad Manajrer
PHOSH SOUTH 779
ALL FOR FUN AND FUN FOB ALL!
STARTING TO-XTGHT.
MATINEE TO-MORROW (SUNDAY).
TO-MORROVT NIGHT and All of Next "Week!
Geo. H. Broadhursfs Gleeful Plenitude.
WHY SMITH
LEFT KOME.
Presented by a Clever Company of Comedian*
Direct From New Tcrk.
MATINEE CHRISTMAS DAT!
EVENING — 15c. 23r, 55c. SOc and 75c.
MATINEE— 15c. 25c. 33c and 50c.
NKXT I Jacob Utt'i Ever- I SHENANDOAH!
NEXT 1 lasting Big Show ' | SHENANDOAH t
MATTNEE TO-DAY.
AND TO-NIGHT. LAST TIMES 0?
BEN HENDRICKS
" OLEOLSON,"
Commendnt; TO-MORRO'W (9anday) After-
noon.
KING AND NORCROSS Present br Special
ArraJiB*ni«it 'With Charle» and Daniel _
Frohman,
The Brilliant. InterotiiD? and Extremely Amtu-
lns 3-Act Comedy.
AT THE WHITE HORSE TAVERN
Headed by the Comedians MINERVA TX>RR.
and FRANK J^NORCROSS.
Usual Popclar Prices... .25c. SOc. Too. H.
vUsLUfwlDlA LEADI.1B THEATEE
LAST 3 TIMES.
MATINEE TO-DAT! TO-NIGHT and
SCNI>AT.
FREDERICK WARDE
W ITH
MR. AND MRS. E. R. SPBNCBR
And the Famous Clarence M. Brune Company,
In Espy 'Williams' Romantic Comedy
THE DUKE^S JESTER
Betfnnlnr NEXT MONDAY.
7 Nljrhti and Xmas and Saturday Matinees,
. PRIMROSE & DQCKSIADER
MINSTRELS.
ttftft»8W
MATINEES TO-DAT ANT> ETTNT>AT.
LABT TWO NIGHTS OF
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by th» Funniest of All Farces.
"A SERIOUS TANGLE."
SEATS— 15c. 25c. ZSc, SOc
MATINEK SATURDAT AXD STJNDAT.
Next Week. David Belaseo's Latest Farcical
Success.
"NAUGHTY ANTHONY."
EXTRA MATINEE XMAS DAY.
*T1V_PLI*
•TT HAS CAUOHT OJT.-
SPECIAL. MATCfEB CHRISTMAS DAT.
CINDERELLA!
By FERRIS HARTUAN.
¦WITH ITS LOADS OF HUMOR. FUN AND
SPECTACLE.
DO3TT FAIXt TO TAKE THE- LITTLB ONES.
Bee Oscar L. Fest's Fin* TRANSFORMATION.
The Flowery Kingdom.
Every Ere-aing at 8 — Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES XS and 50 cents.
Telephotj*— Busa t.
CHUTES^*nd ZOO
ETOJRY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
COMMENCTNO TO-DAT.
Grand Spectacular Production,
TEN DAYS IN FAIRYLAND
SANTA CLAUS BALLET!
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE!
Presents for All the Children!
Telephone for Beats. Part S. ;
PqIqPo) These hotels oo§-
L CtlaLC sess the attributes
jm that tourists and
cinCl travelers appreciate
—ceutral location,
(lr*aT\{\ liberal manaffe-
A* 1 ****.** ment. modern ao-
TT . . | pointments and-
HOtelS Perfect cuisine.
American and En-
San Francisco ropean plans.
Uiil iilllilj UI1LI) , r _ i ., J _«^_ssssssm
AJVTBTisi^nEirra.
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort; the ;
clean are comfortable.
Pears' soap cleanliness —
is perfect cleanliness.
A ' ' sorts of people ¦ . *» it, all sens of stores
adi it. especially c:l;;.::-
i
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
-Gre.n-6c'.T«Bt"Cisso3Te»PtriercreUke enow b«-
tf»*.b tbe *aa. rrtueM En:ar«-3 Pro*tat« and
r.'esribea* tie f e^.ca' Darts, t •x;p 1 cg Urtint and
£:;: :•> ret '.tl TiTlften I<afS.
S c ersss to rcia tbe ctcma<eb. but a eireet loeal
and wcun ii'tJct'-oc Uj tbe entire t:r«rhr»: tr«xt
ur»»-K.Tf = ; U net a jcV.C It 1* prns-reo ta
tbe fora d Cr&rcB* or Pcoci I*, saootti aad fiexi b'.st
tad £9 B&nw u to paa Hit r."os*vt s ir. ris re.
Every Men ShouJd Know Himself.
Tt» Cr JiTTim Assn.. Box EX. CtoeSBaati. O.. lu
mnsumtMgrrtatxv^TtMUKtxt^Mtx- prppI
hr * _*ua.\n.uK Treilice upon : tt srA.t LULL!
22?%ZS£«?" ?5 — * " " T IIILL i
Si Jirf-S *S*iV 25O ELM 6T..
>i. JA7.E3 A323., Cincinnati, OMo. j
one PfFDCC
T^Ssmk bottle UUnfco
/ 5*3jp9 McBURNEY'8
1/y A thorough cure for
i fj pfcins in the b&ck,
JL ESICHrS DISEASE,
34 rj> ferial© troubles, incoa-
Of ctlse. brick dest deposits, bed-
wetnag of children, ertrel. jrail stonoa,
tzcpf y. diabetes, and rhenraatiszi.
—FOR KALE AT
DAJIliEnNDER DRUG CO.. n« Kearar St..
JLVD AT
THE CRT, DKCO CO.. U2» MixVrt ft
Tj-~.& Tic la !e stamps to W. 7. Me Burner.
€Vt 8. PprioK St.. 1jo» AnnJti. Cal.. tor i
tfayw* treatment. Prejsald Jl 50. I>ni|fir1»ts.
visit OR. JORDAN'S a-tcAr4
huseub of mmft
r~u i:n v,t «rrr sr. »a. e-^tr-^ e.r.eu. a
S The Lm« Asaloaic* Mmmb la the \
-gjL^ V&r i * eucn«"«» or toy cantractre m
tSSTEsb £a^**t sctltl»rl|«iin< far the c!cc%t J^
O IBUl bpca*li*cutlm.Cau*. tst-j/iyten O
A i^/i C3.J5RDc«-fElVAT£ DISEASES^
k BsSlg%" CeB«!tadoo free «od iUkOj prime \ ,
M f iflEr ¦ Tnnaent personalty ce by lcfier. A Q
\ a V*aW A^fMCWviscTenrcxica&dcTtakea. \
A** HU- V>t f ;,Bxi.rBILO4OP«¥««i
9 • S 11 ** M A «SII A*-B. MAJUS VJLEB. Uf
1 A 1£ " nlut^U tMok «or Bkcm) . X
7 CD JUCDAX A CO.. JXX Ksr*rft Ht-.S. P. W
Q<fc^s»^s»^sV^s>'^sV^sV^sy^sV^»^'^^l>
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fer tbe Care of Gonorrhoea. Cleats,
Stricture* and analogous complaint*
of the Or fem of Generation. '
Prise il a tc-ui*. FBr aato tj imceitia, _
ATWWR/riKknirT-.rsi'i'ti-
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /4L~?Z&£t£>
T«B7w«Uta4«eM7
SEE In ADTrtfel"" 1 hu °ach£. ;crp
3EE I CARTERS FOR D1ZZIMESS. 3LC
._..__.„ SPITTLE FOR 3IU0USRESS. ™*ttt™w
GENUINE iff Vf R for torpid liver. GENUINE
M PJLLS FOR COHSTIPATIOR.
WRAPPF*? B fa for sallow sn». WBAPPFB
WKAmK iUkdH iroRTHECOMPLExioa w«mi
"PHINTED O1T I^iEHD PAPER.'
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
fflflTTR list below can- 1
gU U A! not faii to be I
jfcof service to you. The |
particles mentioned are a
Upmost appropriate and H
Swill b 3 thoroughly ap- |
ft predated by the receiver, a
VJS Muslo Boxes .CO up Em
ftk Mandolins S3.OO up ml
flS Oultare »4.0() np 3a
%9 Banjos ...~. $.t.7S up ig
f^ Zithers —¦..... |lAJtO up la
fj Vltaphones .........915.OO up gl
XT Violins _ S2.OO up PI
if) Violin CasM._ S1.U5 up II
WL Music Rolls .—..". .30 up |i
jPi Cornets ............. ..i*S.(M» up H
Rg Drann 6O up R
HM Or everything known In musla A n
jjp vleit to our. store will surely aid yon m
gS in making selections. 1
Jg OPEN EVENINCS. 1
Iknabe pianosJ
• a Are best. V7» are sole agents %B
& KOHLER & CHASE, J®
g£| 28-30 OTABRELL 6TBEET.
Your boy
Would Appreciate Nothing
So Much as a
CLEVELAND
BICYCLE
$35.00.
It Is Fitted With a
MORROW COASTER BRAKE at
?— 9 4O. OO"
JUVENILE BICYCLES — $20, $22.50, $25.
LEAVITT & BILL,
3O9 Lark In Street . ..SAN FRANCISCO.
20 San Pablo Avenue . ... .... OAKLAND.
57 South Second Street .... SAN JOSE.
FREEELECTmCBELTOFFER
WITHTENDAT SrREE WEARI19
.^ifflBJHa4pg)XH|S)fe£. TBIAl la y°ir ° wn home, wa
saSTM^^uaa'^t^JKaTa furnish the (rennln* and
F tB \lFM\ il I arftlT 6 ! **1 only HEIDELBEUB ALTKR* AT-
Bka*giy i A^-?grr?ifl LNQ cvuk".> : electric kits
BlKj^^aia^^ff jjj tn "T reader ot thi» paper.
with most an othsr treatments. Cny^Lj. & "**"*£
trtoMlts, ssyttiacca •*» imMm t«iL ODrtt CB8I tor
5?rlt£a Mailmen*. 05 tl B"lCCBl\raliWw*
dlaeues. ¦ weaknesses and disorders. For complete
Sears, roebuck a. co., chioago.
f\ I r|™ nn\/ll Com * r Fourth and
Iflrt nUYAL k^/^S
VIII •¦ llWIIiba Overcoats an4College of Medicine Exercises.
The faculty and class of 1900 of the Pa
cJfic Coa=t Regular College of Medicine
held their commencement exercises la?t
evening in the hall in the Academy of
Science?. The following were those who
graduated: John C. Cowden. Henry E«r
brrt. John Gerino. M. I>. : Robert H.
Hawkes. Charles J. Richards. George Saul
acd C. W. von Tiedemann. The pro
gramme of the evening follows:
Overture, "King: Mlda*" <EiIenber») ; prayer,
Bev. S. H. Wllley. Jj.D.: selection, orchestra,
"'PaltTi!'" (Faure); conferring; degree*, by the
president, Professor Tenison Deane; Hippo
cratic oath, by the dean. Professor Marion
Thrasher; address to students, by ProfesBor
A. M. Burns; orchestral selection. "'Cav«l!«ria
Rustlcana" (Slascasnl); address, by Hon.
Earauel M. £hortriGge; benediction, by Rev.
8. H. Wllley. D.D.; march. "Spirit of Uberty"
(Rosey).
Checks From. James L. Flood.
According to his Christmas custom,
James L. Flood has sent checks to the
following charitable Institutions:
Protestant Orphan Asylum, $1000; Ro
man Catholic Orphan 'Asylnm, $1000; Pa
cific Hebrew Orphan Asylum. $1000; San
Rafael Orphan Asylum for Boys, $1000;
Magdalen Asylum. $500; Boys' and Girls*
Aid Society. $250; St. Joseph's Asylum for
the Deaf and Dumb and Blind, $250; Ar
mltage Orphanage. $250; Hospital for Chil
dren and Training School for Nurses." $500;
St. Francis Technical School, $.100: Sisters
of the Holy Family, $250. Total, $6500. *
The Great Pocahontas.
Mm. Jennie "Weisel. great pocahontas of
the Improved Order of Red Men, paid an
official visit last night to Alfaratta Coun
cil of the Degree of Pocahontas, being ac
companied by a number of the great
chiefs. After the work of the evening the
visitors were the g^iests of the council at
a. banquet. This council' -will have a
Christmas festival on the 28th inst.
The directors, of the Occidental kinder
gartens have made a special effort this
year to make a mor« than usually merrv
Christmas for the children, and In thfs
they have been assisted by generous sub
scriptions sent in to Miss Steinhart. the
treasurer, at ber home, 1090 Post street, or
at the kindergartens. 214 Second street.
The festival of yesterday is but the be
ginning of several, for lust nfte- c^-'^f
mas festivals will be given for the Glrli*
Club and the Children's Club, both or
ganizations under the same management,
which care for the children after they
have passed the kindergarten age.
One hundred of the children from the
two Occidental kindergartens, the Occi
dental and the Jennie A. Moore, gave a
Christmas festival yesterday In Union
Square Hall for the entertainment of a
hall full of people. The festival consisted
of a programme of children's games and
songs, the presentation of presents from
the school to the twenty direr-tors and the
presentation of presents from the tree by
Santa Claus to the children. The festival
was in charge of the teachers of the kin
dergartens — Miss Martha Uullock, Miss
Glffard and Miss Bryan.
Occidental Institutions Entertain the
Children in TJnion-Square Sail.
KINDERGARTEN FESTIVAL.
*-In the last act of the play Faust as
well as Marguerite reach heaven: <;«J in
his mercy forgives them and they go to
eternal reM. The world condemned them,
but God is king, and lovins. and overlook
ed their sins and showed them that he
was a merciful Creator. That is what we
Fhould do. We should look to God as a
human master; when in trouble we should.
look up to him for protection."
He Says Parts of the Opera Are Strik
ing: Examples of God's Love.
"A great lesson can be learned from the
plot of Goethe's 'Faust.' " said Rabbi
JCieto at the regular Friday evening ser
vice at the Temple Sherith Israel la.<t
Tiigrht. "Poets have tried to give us the
ber.erit of their thoughts, presenting pic
tures so true to life that we think we have
tmendv seen them, while the fact Is that
we have acted those very scenes our
pclves. When Goethe wrote 'Faust' he did
rot do so to please the palates of the au
diences. He wanted everybody to take a
lesson. Tho play is certainly full of noble
and great thoughts. When the curtain
goes down we feel a distaste for the hero
and pity srsd charity for the heroine an<i
the victim of the tale. The play in the
opening is to a certain extent like the
opening chapters of the book of Job. Job,
thougii painted as a patient man, was not
oup. and anybody that thinks that he was
is under a wrong impression. Faust was
jot an ordinary man: he wa« a deep Ftu
<Jent and a clever doctor, lie spent all his
life trying to fathom the unknown, and
vet at the end of his life he a-dmitted that
iie knew nothing. Step by step Faust
committed wrong, and Marguerite, know
ing that she also had sinned, tried in
evt-ry **y by prayer to make amends for
her deed
NIETO LECTiJEES ON FAUST
The California Camera Club gave a most
interesting entertainment in Metropolitan
Temple last night. " The members of the
club secured the services of Frank A.
Coxhead. who gave a most interesting lec
ture on Maoriland, New Zealand. The lec
ture throughout was profusely illustrated
with stercopticon views, which evoked
great applause. During an intermission
Miss Lillian M. Qulnn recited several
character sketches, which were warmly
applauded.
Trip to New Zealand.
The Health Board met last night and
adopted a resolution abolishing the posi
tion of Sewer Inspector held by J. J. Con
nolly. The board decided to do away with
one Food Inspector and one Sanitary In
spector from January 1, 1301. Lots will be
drawn, so that one inspector in each de
partment will be laid off for one month
at a time. This action was taken because
the board is confronted with a deficit and
this can effect a saving of $1650 for the
next six months. Dr. Buckley presented a
set of rules for the government of the
City and County Hospital, which will be
adopted after they have been considered
at a special meeting.
Health Board Reduces Force.
The committee appointed- is as follows:
Messrs. McGilvray, J. A. Wilson and ¦ F.
H. Masow. ¦
Contractor Wilson said that it was not
a compromise that was wanted, but an
adjustment of the dlfllculty.
D. H. Bibb of the Bibb Lumber Com
pany said that his firm proposed to run
its business in its own way and would
not be dictated to by the labor unions
or any other body. - He claimed that it
was impossible for the mills to run eight
hours a day and be successful, as thw
had. to compete with the mills north of
the State, which ran ten and twelve hours
a day. - The .mill. owners have hundreds
of thousands of dollars Invested and
could not possibly compete with the north
ern mills outside of California. "I am In
favor," said Bibb, "of a fight to the end "
The views of Mr. Bibb did not find sup
port with the contractors present and he
was interrupted by. loud calls for- th»
"question." . ••-.¦•¦-. • ."
By a majority vote the' substitute of
McGilvray was carried and Chairman
Kent appointed the. committee to formu
late plans for organization of an inde
pendent body; also to confer with the
labor unions as to the strike among the
mlllmen and to report back to the meet
ing,- which adjourned until next Friday
afternoon at half-past 1 o'clock.
Kelleher waa Interrupted by loud cries
of "Question," but be insisted on his
right to continue speaking.
'"I know that you don't like this ques
tion." he said, emphasizing the last word
"and you know you want to compromise.
Some of you think that it is a crime for
a workman to ask for a day of eight
hours, but the Government and many
States thought otherwise." ' '
Contractor Kelleher denounced McGil
vray for his attack en certain of the
union leaders and said that nothing was
to be gained by abuse.
"If you had acted in a manly spirit
three months j ago." said the speaker
you would not be forced to compromise
at this time."
Contractor McGilvray made a stirrlnr
speech in which he thought that the ilr.u
thing to do was to organize. He depre
cated the idea of a committee of an un
organized body meeting the labor unions
which were fully equipped. Mr. McGil
vray made an attack m certain men iden
tified with the labor unions and designar
ed them as "pothouse politicians." Ho
cited the example of Chicago, where
business was stagnant, due to the "cap
tains of industry" being run by the "rank
and file." The speaker moved a substi
tute to the previous amendments that a
committee of three be appointed to for
mulate plans of organization.- to confer
with all interested parties as to the mill
strike and to report back to the meeting
in a week.
James A. Wilson thought that a new or
ganization was needed. He was in favor
of the eight-hour limit for a day's work,
but thought that all disputes between em
ployers and their employes should be set
tled without the; Interference of outside
parties. He cited an Instance of the ac
tion of the labor unions in calling his men
off from work because they were laying
bricks on a building, the owner of which
had formerly employed non-union mu
sicians in the place.
"I don't want a member of the milk
men's union or the musicians' union com"
to nie and tell me how to do my work
If I have any trouble with my men I can
settle it. The contractors are unable to
do any business if a sub-contractor buys
any material from a nine-hour mill and
thia state of affairs is most unjust. We
must end this trouble for the interests of
all parties."
Contractor C Chisholm favored the ap
pointment of a committee to consist of
one member of each branch of the build
ing trades and was opposed to the organi
zation of a new body.
Mr. Kent then suggested that the meet
ing appoint a committee to draft plans of
organization and at the same time to con
fer with the Building Trades Council.
Supervisor Dwyer moved that a com
mittee of five be appointed.
Mr. Kent stated that the object of the
meeting was 'to make some effort to end
the strike among the mill workers and to
form a protective employers' association
to that end. Mr. Kent said that he was
in favor of the eight-hour movement on
general principles. "The ultimate basts
of a day's work." said Mr. Kent, "will be
eight hours, and the sooner we adopt that
standard the better it will be for all."
With the hope of putting an end to the
present strike among the mill workers
nnd avoiding any possible, friction In
building circles, a special meeting was
held yesterday afternoon in the Builders'
Exchange by more than 109 contractors
doing business in this city. S. H. Kent
v.-as elected temporary chairman.
and Discuss the Present
Situation.
Contractors Get Together
will no doubt instill fresh energies Into
the tticosophical movement in this city.
C W". Lcudbeater is a well-known Eng
lish writer whnpo remarkable articles and
lectures h.'ive for some years attracted at
tention in the world of psychology and
metaphysics. Among his books are: "The
Christian Creed." "The Astral Plane."
"Invisible Helpers." "Clairvovance" and
"Dreams." H. S. Olcott was formerly a
lawyer, but he abandoned his profession
to serve his country in the Civil War.
Soon after the war he met Mme. Helena
Petrovna Blavatsky and together they
found the Theosophical Society in 1873. In
1S7S he left for ln-.1la. since which time he
has devoted all his tfme to the movement.
He Is a man of striking appearance and is
credited with having performed some mar
velous cures by thf laying on of hands.
DESIRE TO END
MILLMEN' S STRIKE
Court Justice of the Foresters of Amer
ica gave the children of members an op
portunity to see a Forester Santa Claus
In the Social Hall of the Alcazar building
last night. Santa Claus found that he had
undertaken a larger contract than he had
bargained for. After he had given away
a flour barrel full of books, toys and
games he was still besieged by half a.
hundred youngsters who wanted to be re
membered. The many adults present after
the distribution danced till midnight.
Alta Parlor of the Native Daughters had
Its Christmas tree in the banquet hall of
the Native Sons' building, which was tilled
with the friends of members and a goodly
number of children eager to receive some
thing from the hands of Santa Claus,
Hundreds of little ones were made happy
with gifts of candies and toys, and the
adults were given an opportunity to
dance.
La Estrella Parlor, X. D. G. W* had Its
Christmas-tree festival in the Shasta Hall
of the Native Sons' building last night,
and there were hundreds of children pres
ent to see Santa Claus distribute presents
to the little ones. The tree, an Immense
one. was loaded down with many toys
that delight the little ones, and it was re
splendent with large electric lights of all
colors, producing a most striking effect.
Many beautiful articles vrere given to
adults, after which there was an hour of
songs and dances.
Santa Claus' Gifts to Mauy
Children at Various
Halls.
FESTIVAL DAIS
FOR THE TOTS
WITHIN the near future Sin
Francis~o will receive a visit
from C. AV. I^eadbeator of
London, one of the greatest
apostles of theopophy. who
will deliver two lectures in Odil Fel
lows' Hall. He is expected to ar
rive here in less than three weeks. In
February H. S. Olcott. the founder of the
thoosophy movement, will a'so pay Cali
fornia a visit. Mr. Olcott, though an
American by birth, has made his residence
for the past few years in Madras, India.
He left there recently with the intention
of lecturing in the cause of theosophy
throughout the Vnited States. Both of the
prospective visitors are deep students and
Judgment was given in favor of the
widow and an appeal was promptly taken
to the Supreme Court. Yesterday the
court handed down its decision, in which
it held that a body is not property suscep
tible of disposal bv will and must be
buried by next of kin. •
It appears that in 1888 John S. Enos
went to work for Mrs. Rachel Jane Sny
der. He looked after her property inter
ests and made himself generally useful.
Some years after entering Mrs. Snyder's
employ he had & disagreement with his
wife and he left her and never returned
in his lifttine. He continued in the em
ploy of Mrs. Snyder and lived at her
house.
That there was a great deal of ill feel-
Ins between husband and wife was evi
denced in the former's will. He died on
March SO, 1SSS, and one of the provisions
of the document was that Mrs. Snyder
should arrange for his burial and under
no circumstances should his wife or fam
ily have anything: whatever to do with it.
Upon his death the wife demanded the
body, bul met with a prompt refusal. Two
days later Mrr. Susie T. Enos and her
daughter. Mips Gertrude Willis, filed suit
against Mrs. Snyder for possession of the
body.< The case proved to be a sensation
and the population of Sonoma County
was evenly divided in opinion and the
outcome of the suit was watched with in
tense Interest. The Superior Court or
dered the body to be placed in a vault
pending the hearinp of the case, and it
has remained in the sepulcher to this
day.
The ruling was made in a singular case.
After a leRal battle of two years' dura
tion, a widow is given leave to inter the
body of her husband,.despite the fact that
hewllle^ differently, and within a few
days the body of- John S. Knos, a pioneer
of Sonoma County, will lie taken out of a
vault and interred in the family plat. .
That a man may not dispose of hi3 body
by w:ll, if his kin lay claim to It, Is the
decision of the Supreme Court of Califor
nia. *
Not Property Susceptible
of Disposal by
Will.
Benders a Decision That a Body Is
Novel Point Is Decided by
the Supreme Court in
the Enos Case.
WIDOW ENOS
GETS REMAINS
OF HER HUSBAND
sional" as the Text
of His Sermon.
The Ffrrl-centcnnial celebration of the
Cor.grep-ation Temple Emsnu-El com
menced la^t evening in the Suttor street
Eynapoguc, which was crowded to its ca
pacity. Coincident with the celebration
U3f the annual observance of the Keasl
Cf Hanukkah or Dedication of the Tem
ple. The porch of the synagogue was
tastefully decorated Tilth evergreens, lilies
and fictvers of all descriptions and floral
¦wreaths were sit5p?»dc-ri around the walls
of the houre of worship. American Beauty
ropes were banked uround the reader"s
desk a:id white satin curtains were pen
cani over the door? of the ark containing
the scriptures.
The services opened with a voluntary on
the organ and v.as lollowed by a psalm
by the choir. Cantor Stark Intoned tht
beautiful services of the Feast of Han
tikkah and the congregation listened with
rapt attention to the rendition by the
choir of th«- festival j>sa!ms and the chant-
Ing by the cantor or the ancient melody.
"'Kock of Apes, Let Our Song J'raine Thy
Savir.g Power." which from time imme
morial ha? been a feature of the feast of
the dt-aicatlon nt ;he altar.
Itahbl Voorsanper briefly addressed the
crjierepation and said that tic wished 10
re-echo the words heard during the ser
vice: "Bletsed be almighty God. who ha.?
remitted us to live and celebrate this
year." Rabbi Voorsanger earnestly hoped
that th« spirit cf the festival would entter
Into the hearts of all; that the children
a::d grandchildren rj the founders of
Tempi-? Bmann-EI might all take part in
returning thanks lo the Creator.
Rabbi Wis-e of Portland. Or., was then
Introduced to the congregation and de
livered a most earnest address.
Hf chose for his text Kipling's reces
sional. *'I-r.rd God of HoFts. Be With Us
"Vet. I-fEt We JTorpet. L*est Forget."
Rabbi Wise in part ?aid:
Three yearn aeo, when England was In the
fluth of her price and c^bra-tiny the Jubilee
cf th- Qjw., Kiplinr pave to the world his
Itr.mortaj poeai. In those <iavs. when thnnks
p-.vinfr knew no bounds, the poet burst, forth
irto ver?» and made a prophecy which will
I've forever. Th'.s then be our simple prayer
lo-nlsht. •'Lord God of Boatm, be with us yet.
}-!-i we for*r«i. leal »e forppt." We are here
to-r.ijrht to do Iionor to the founders of T«-mple
Umanu-El. whope recessional we chant. Their
memory will always be vivid tvith us, for we
vi'l keep it alive with our teers. The freedom
which rang out on Jiti* i. 1776. wai> an echo of
tit* Bible. You who enjoy this freedom and
thl5 jubilee mart hallow them in your heart*.
This is the keynote of our celebration. You
r r.ft keep alive the tpMt of the call which
cam" to your fathers fifty year* as:o. The jears
revolution was rifp In Kurope. T*h» people r»-
I Pllefl acainFt Flavtrj- and your fathers <~ame
tr> this western thore to enjoy freedom. In all
tl.eir rtrug^les they did not forget their God,
end though they may have floured the great
«>Ft o: earthly posFeypions they ?-njoyed th"
Creatur and uphelil the traditions of Judaism.
There is a stern duty befcn» you. Your fathers
buUted Emanu-El not for e. Kem-ratior.. but
fi^r all time. In your prosperity do not forget
your duty, but continue the goad work whirh
shall lead to nobler fitlz^nshii* and to a jubilee
everlasting.
The fcervlces closed with a benediction
pronounced by Rahbi Hecht of Los An
peks. who will deliver the thanksgiving
t-ermon this mornlnij On Sunday after
noon a special service will bring the cel
ebration to a close.
Rabbi Wise of Portland, Or., Uses
Eudyard Kipling's "Reces-
Special Services Held in
Honor of the Semi
centennial.
CELEBRATION
AT THE TEMPLE
EMAKU-EL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1900,
LECTURERS ON THEOSOPHY
TO VISIT SAN FRANCISCO
O: "V7". LeeuciToea/ter and H. S.
Olcottto Speak. Here.
TWO CELEBRATED THEOSOPHISTS WHO WILL ARRIVE HERE TO
LECTURE AT ODD FELLOWS' HALL. OI,COTT COMES FROM IN
DIA AND LEADBEATER FROM LONDON'.
8
"NO SAW EDGES."
Health, wealth and happiness! We may
be able to add to your health and happi-
ness, if not to your wealth. If you will
permit us to attend to your laundry work,
which we do tq perfection. Everything
In your' wearing apparel ready for New
Year's calls? Tell us In time. Domestic
finish for full-dress shirts if you order it.
OUR TOAST FOR THE NEW
YEAR.
STATEMENT
——OF TUB - *
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, oa th© Slat day of
December. A. D. 1899. and for tn* year
ending on that day. aa mads to th# Insuraacs
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to th* provisions of section* CO asd «I
of the Political Code, condensed as per blaAJE
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid 19 „ ,„ _, „
in Cash CS00.W0 0»
ASSETS.
RMl Estate owned by Company.... $2,113,533 44
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1.517.S3S 81
Cash Market Valu« of all Stocks
and Bonds o-vned by Company.... 13.443,235 Z7
Amount of Loans secured by pled**
Of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 3.673.394 50
Cash In Company's Office 8.920 93
Cash tn Banks 712. Ul U
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans 277,640 90
Due from other companies and frcm
agents 975.4C8 W
Premiums tn due Course of Collec-
tion 112.7W tt
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marina Risk* K6.JS3 19
Rents due and accrued S.aJ2 M
Stamps ~ 1.3S4 25
Reversions owned absolutely by the
Company L633.C33 85
Total Aasets .£8.613.121 19
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Sufpenie 3387.341 U
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses , »
Grccs premiums on Flr« Risks
reinsurance 50 per cent
Gross premiums on Fire Risks 1,773.973 13
running more than one y?ar.
I . , reinsurance tro-
r»ta •- .
Liability under Life Department 13.383. J7S (3
Bills payable 88.994 03
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 12.743 29
All other demands against the
Company 1S9.3O7 0*
Total Liabilities .121.403.746 56
INCOME. ~*
Ket cash actually received for Ftrs
premiums t3.545.9il 83
Net cash actually received for Ufa
premiums 1.291. 552 «1
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources S44.C3S <v>
Received for Rents 47.413 SI
Received for sale of Annuities 418,314 9«
Total Income I8.245.S33 21
EXPEXDrrrjRES.
Ket amount paid for Fire Losses
(including I . losses of pre-
vlous years) • H, 959. 203 S3
Net amount paid for Life Losses
(including; t . loss of previous
years) 1.109.J1S 71
Dividends to Stockholders 4i5.ES 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 177.734 U
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for offlcmrs, clerks, etc... 721.828 4]
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes .- ••¦ 90.537 H
All other payments and expendi-
tures ¦ 204,928 41
Total Expenditures J3.109.S27 73
Losres Incurred during the year 12.016.104 71
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year tl.134.897.lS9 $3,543,951 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 1.125.145,933 3.434.814 J9
Net amount in force
December 31. 1839 769.131.439 2.383.9*7 <Q
_ LUBBOCK. Chairman.
H. E. WILSON. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Zth
day of April. 1900.
C. J. 'WATTS. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOMB ST.^
SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager.
-
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEME IN X
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
London Assurance
CORPORATION
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, on the 31st day of
December. A. D. 1S99. and for th* year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the Stats of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections (10 and fll
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company Jl. 870, 958 a
Cash In Company's Office 1L3SS 33
Cash In Banks 132.622 70
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans S.839 59
Premiums in due Course of Collection 137,369 94
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks $1 70
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 12,7*4 53
Total Assets '. ....J2.341.0S3 73
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.' 333,103 U
Lorses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 109.843 17
Losses resisted, including; expenses.. 12.121 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lees. i&9,433 61; re-
Insurance £0 per cent 179,713 21
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning; more than one year. J8S1.457 52;
reinsurance pro rata 4S1.4C5 13
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, t ; re-
insurance 100 per cent 1.1SJ «J
Gross premiums on Marine Tims
Risks, I ; reinsurance 50 per
cent 33.4O »
Amount redalmabltt by tb« Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance) Poli-
cies 174 80
All other demand* acalnst the Com-
pany M.C33 C
Total Liabilities I97S.034 i*
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Flr«
premiums $531.533 91
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums S7S.290 14
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources S7.4T3 C9
Total income _ tl.284.401 SI
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses f!a-
cludlnc * . losses of previous
years) S573.4S1 39
Net amount paid for Marina Losses
(including $ , losses of previous
years) 351.573 S4
Paid or allowed, for Commission or
Brokerage - 215.233 24
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other >
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 93,743 U
Paid tor State. National and Local
taxes „ 4J.B24 30
All other payments and expenditures 80,834 si
Total Expenditures .0.341.19!) 87
Losses incurred during the year 3713.913 M
Risks and Premiums. Fir- Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
' written during the
year $115,721,440 J374.337 0*
Net amount of Risks
expired during the ,
year lit 961.743 933,137 28
Net amount In force
December 31. 1J39 18t.834.88S L441.030 13
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during; the
year J110.9n.543 J569.3C3 S3
Net amount of Bisks
expired during the ¦
Tear. lU.5K.5Sa C96.431 C
Net amount tn force
December 31. 1899 4.888.71S 23. «22 07
CHARLES L. CASE. U. S. Manag-r
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Zi^h
day of January. 1900. * '
EMIL FRENKEL. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
221 SANSOME ST.,
: SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
CONTINENTAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D..
1899, and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th©
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and Cll of the Political Coda.
condensed as p«r blank furnished by tbe Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
ca » h $1,000.00000
ASSET8. =
Real Estate owned by company.. . .$1,106,253 oo
Loans on bonds and morteasres 78.710 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 7,400,750 00
Cash in company's office 4 7S1 6S
Cash In banks 483)387 31
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 81.349 19
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 1,344 gj
Premiums tn due course of collec-
tion 556.939 SI
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for lire and, marine risks: 108.S0J S3
Rents due and accrued 1,364 42
Total assets $9,809,660 83
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense $290.23 87
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 34,179 00
Gross premiums on lire risks running;
one year or less, t2.344.697 52; re-
insurance 50 per cent 1.172,3-JS 76
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, $5,2SS,670 77;
reinsurance pro rata 2,793,937 94
Reserved for contingencies 300,000 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 181.92$ 13
Total liabilities $4,774.663 72
INCOME. —_—_-_
Net cash actually received for flr« V
premiums $3,576,073 89
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 4.431 E5
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources .* 334.993 69
Received for rents 16,634 63
Total Income I4.2S1.183 7«
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for flr« losses (In-
cluding $351,»7« 2S. losses of pre-
vious years) $2,274,159 (8
Dividends to stockholders tso.150 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage •• 806.043 (0
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 820,86183
Paid for State, national and local
tases •• i 118.673 10
All other payments and expenditures 247.538 70
Total expenditures ..„ $4,017,443 S3
Losses Incurred .-turtnr the year,^ ~
flr» • $2.247.632 71
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risk*
•written during the
year $512,214,400 $4,499,179 87
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 472.63S.202 4.089.469 73
Net amount In force
December 31. 1899.... 829.124.137 7.633.388 29
» F. C. MOORE. President.
E. LANNIXG. S«cretary.-
Subscrlbed and sworn to before me. this 24th
day of January, 1900. EDWARD HAIOHT.
Notary Public
GEORGE E. KLINE, General Mgr.
b Chicago. II!.
J. D. MAXWELL CO., General Agt.
. • 421 California Street.
D. W. GRAVES, State Aftent.
J. R. WILBUR. Surveyor,
Mills Building. San Francisco, Cal.
J^^jSSSSSSfeiS!!** H BI * *•*• * non-polsciota
'¦' I'M 1 ! JP r 1 Ofciffl reniedr for Gonorrhoea.
Jf3&lrcTIRRb%itm Oleet. Spermitniiha-a
/m7li 1 to 5 d«.>». \H White', unnatural db-
EjBsf Qatnnteed \g chargi . or any inHunmt-
B4bV not to itrittore. tion, i riution or nlcera-
Bfr mfnrtttit contagion. tion .f m u c o n ¦ m?m-
KStiTHEEtJUtS ChemicilCo. brane*. Kon-astringsnt.
M»kc!NClKH»Tl,0 '1553 Sold hj Dl "«»effl»**.
*¦ — mlar sent on reque**.
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS' THE
V* great Mexican remedy; fives health and
, strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Mjtrkit.
PIANOLAS SOLD ONLY BY
KOHLER & CHASE.
CHALET RIOUD BOSSON MORGES.
THE ABOLIAN CO.— Gentlemen • I desire to order anothe*? Pl^'oTa^ror^se in
my residence. TV ill you kindly seiec t an instrument In rosewood and have packed
with It rolls of music and shipped via steamer. Your* very truly,
' « .- I. J. PADEREWSKI. -,
PIANOLA.
HAS ORDERED ANOTHER
Weekly CaU,$1.0Q per Year
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets.; . : •
THE HILSON.CO-. Makers. N. Y.
MAU. 8ADLGB ft CO., Distributers, Ban I ruseiieo.
Rn Hoffmanettes' En
JU Cigar. J"
J. D. MAXWELL CO. General Agent
- T. E. JANES, Asst. General Agent,
421 California St., San Francisco
MAX DANZIGER. President.
MAJ. A. WHITE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st
day of January, 19C0. >' ' .'-•
F. FISHBECK. Notary Public
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses..: J108.S67 64
Dividends to Stockholders .;. 10.000 00
Paid or allowed . for Commission or
Brokerage ...................:........... 69,196 S3
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charg-es for officers, clerks, etc 24,493 33
Fald for State, - National and Local
Taxes ...'... 6.541 85
All other payments and expenditures.. 21.921 36
: Total. Expenditures. 1241.020 50
other sources ....''13,983 23'
Received for profit on sale of securl- . -. ,
ties 4.076 25
Total Income J235.94S 75
Total Liabilities..... '.tl22.912 31
INCOME. ,
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums ......".... 4217.SS9 2J
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, : Stocks. Loans and front all
LIABILITIES.
I.crses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense $4.012 73
Gross premiums on Risks running ona
year or less. $ ; reinsurance
60 per cent 112,154 57
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 5. COO 00
Duo and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc .....' 481 28
Return premiums l.wa 75
Cash in Banks S.S73 23
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 27.734 89
Plate Glass on hand 6,154 84
Total Assets... 1390.063 44
OF SEW YORK. IN THE STATE OP NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1899, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
Slate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 810 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash 1100,000 00
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgage* 1,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 314,500 00
Cash In Company's Office 1.155 93
Cfesh In Banks 8.&7H 2»
INSURANCE COMPANY
NewYorkPIate ta
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE —
STATEMENT
603 Market Street, San Francisco.
IMPORTERS FINE CARVERS, CUTLERY. MANICURE GOODS, SCIS-
SOR SETS, ETC.
AGENTS CORBIN'S ART HARDWARE. - *
PALACE HARDWARE CO,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Oakland Office— 82 San Pablo Ave.
Office 1004 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Goodform
Closet Set
THE ONLY PRACTICAL METHOD EVER INVENTED.
SAVES TIME, TEMPER, ROOM AND CLOTHES.
' ! j -' ' \y.A
ffigfr^ - ||m GX /
- ma T" 7 "^ j /
Anne to the life of Clothing by keeping It In good condition and giving It
m**-*o that much sought for fresh-from-the- tailor appearance.
5"»I IRTTF? ACT^ from the care and worry of life by putting ord<sr and con-
F m llrtv a *^ venlence into the closet and doubling or trebling its ca-
pacity.
Mill TIDI IpCyour joys by enabling you to find what you want at a
1 IWLl * iruiuo glance, and without displacing a single garment other than
the one desired.
SETS ARE $3.00 EACH, PREPAID BY EXPRESS.
Two Sets in One Shipment $5.50.
Sample Goodform Closet Sets are Jl.00 each.
For Men there are 4 Garment Yokes, 2 Trousers Hangers, and 1 Loop.
For Women there are 4 Garment Yokes, 4 Skirt Hangers, and 1 Loop.
Automatic Trousers Hanger. 25c; 4 for $1.00 I Shelf Bar 25c: 4 for $1-00
Closet Loops 2Se;4for 1.00 I Automatic Skirt Hanger 13c; 8 for 1.00
Garment Yoke 10c; 12 for Jl.00
'i-.LT.* riT>v»o"«C ' " CO»»»Wl5i
QflKQnD%*" Q AlJf* gut wp ***T^9Bdw39fl
§|Jg©B| ***^^— j^ HttJBafiB
gl Q Tj n W fij j^^n "Jir
I LIBRARY |
|WELSBACH|
I LAMP I
m& With Gas-Saving Regulator «*
W No Oil; No IVick, No Trouble. 1 \
ysk Beautiful Effect. ] '
fg 83'/59d Saved in Cost of Lighting S
|=M In Antique and
jg5 Modern 'Bronze, &
ffii Cloisonne, • if
|§ Tan Zan Ware M
fii Hand-Decorated Shades $1
ti% To Match jftf
**3 Ne w Year • Calendar ««
NX Book Marker. filS
'V Welsbach Co v 9T
S- »38 Ellis St. f§
A»£ O D _en Evenings During H.U<1:iv« §RChristmas "Wasp, magnificently illus
trated. - Send to Eastern friends. On sale
everywhere.
Claims ' She .Was Ihiped.
Eugenie Melville fried, a suit in the Jus
tice Court yesterday against the -Anacon
da Gold Mining Company and Pelham W.
Ames, John N. Elbert,' Leonard " E. '; Che-,
nery,* Washington Amea and G. W. Waitt,
as- directors of the company, . : Mrs. -Mel
ville seeks to recover the sum of $125, with
Interest, .which she alleges to have paid
for the purchase", of five hundred shares
of the capital stock; of the corporation.
The plaintiff says she was Induced to pur
chase the stock «*pon" the assertions | con
tained in a report .filed by the company
that its. mining land covered an area of
4000 acres and that it yielded from 3 cents
to 30 cents per cubic yard In gold.
RTTNAWAY BOY IN
.; JAIL AT SAN JOSE
San ' Francisco Lad Who Would See
th© "World Spends Much Time
Behind Prison' Bars.
SAN JOSE,: Dec. 21.— Rodney "Warden
Clark, a 15-year-old boy. who ran away
from hl9 home in San Francisco about De
cember 1,1b being held at the County Jail
pending the arrival •, of his parents. J?e
fore'startlngr out to s*e the world the boy
stole $2tf and a' lot -of Jewelry from hi*
mother. The jewelry was valued at'about
- Since leaving < home youngr Clark has
spent: most of his time in Jail. -He was
released' only yesterday at the County
Jail after serving ten days for vagrancy,
of which he "was convicted in the Paio
Alto court; ' Clark went • to Mountain
View yesterday, afternoon. \ He entered a
hotel, ate a meal and told the proprietor
to charge it to Constable Martin. That
officer. was notified and at once arrested
the boy. for vagrancy. - -\ ¦¦.
When returned to the County Jail i this
morning-he was identified as the runaway
boy. Clark's father conducts a barber
shop in San Francisco. ' -
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
¦ December 21. 1900. ; . . . -
The time- ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th > meridian, .or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. -
* C. O. CALKINS,
. Lieutenant CommaniJfcr. U. S. N., in charge.
-*- iTTTtfrmniiiiirer
Flow of Rivers.
Following is a statement "of the estimated
Sow of certain California rivers in . cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second - foot
equaling 50 California miner's inches, .'or". about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
I Silence Is often the most eloquent an
swer that can be given.
Town Talk's Christmas Edition.
The holiday number of Town Talk re
flects great • credit on its publishers. ;lt
is a notable achievement in weekly Jour
nalism not only by reason of its artistic
and typographical merits, but in view of
its high literary standard. ¦ It is beauti
fully illustrated and bristles with reading
matter of absorbing interest and of the
holiday savor. There is not a dull line
in its sixty pages. The Saunterer- Is as
newsy as • ever and his crisp comment
deals with such topics as the Von
Schroeder case. Dr. Anderson's defense of
his college, and the reappearance of the
McMuIlins In society. Louis A. Robertson
has contributed to the number a, remark
able: poem entitled '.'The Carol.Vof the
Cursed." which will live. There are other
gems : of poetry and topical- verses, - to
gether with some charming stories by
Orin -Black. Fred Myrtle. Eustace-Cul
linan, Beatrice Hastings and other Town
Talk constributore." •— .
Eligible Lists Announced.
The Civil Service Commission an
nounced the following eligible lists yes
terday:
Secretary Police Pension Fund Commission,
Katharine Conway 84.85 per cent; secretary
Fire Pension Fund Commission, Susie Nicoll
S9.95; secretary Board of - Health. F. W. Hol
land 99.83, James Emory 89.35, John A. Brown
97.S5: secretary Police Commission, B. L. Cad
walader 100; secretary Fire Commission, James
Nourse 90. John McCarthy 89.95, Eugene Sulli
van 81.9: assistant deputy Auditor's offW, W.
W. -Wells .91.3. Daniel J. Leary 83.3, Banning
Wentworth 76.1, ...%;>.'
Of these. Brown, Cadwalader, McCar
thy, Miss Con way and Miss Nicoll are In
cumbents . end are . assured . of reappolnt
ment. Leary and Wentworth will also
retain their places in the Auditor's of
fice. • . '
Commercial Students Entertain.
A voluntary entertainment by members
of the class of 1900 of the Day Commercial
School was given In Sherman & Clay Hall
onSutter street last evening.
Tne proceeds will go toward paying for
a monument to be erected in memory of
Daniel Hohn, who was murdered In this
ctty some months ago. The programme
included musical . selections by the Ha
waiian Quintet Club: song and dance by
Grace Allen: recitation, Miss Hazel Buck
ley; specialties. Rollin C. Ayres: soprano
solo. Miss May Dow; fanes* dance. Miss
Bessie Allen: coon song and cake walk.
Miss Alice Hlnks.
Remains of the French Local Repre
sentative Shipped to His Par
ents in Havre.
Funeral services . over the remains of
Marie Paul Antolne, late Vice Consul of
France in this city, were held yesterday
morning at the French chufiph. The funer
al cortege started" for the undertaking
parlors of Jules Godeau on Montgom
ery avenue, where the body had lain "in
state during the past '.wo days. The pall
bearers were: Emile Raas, E. Plssis. Ed
mond Dubedat. Leon Bocqueraz. S. A.
Frederic!. R. Chartrey, J. M. Dupas and
P. Bellemans. AU the foreign Consuls
were present at the church, where a hljyh
mass was celebrated by Father Hamet,
After the religious ceremonies the- body
was taken back to the undertaking par
lors and from there was shipped to the
parents of the deceased In Havre, France.
CONSULS ATTEND THE
FUNEBAX OF ANTOINE
Spanish-American Veterans.
The first camp in San Francisco of
Spanfsh-American war veterans was or
ganized In the Page street/ armory a few
evenings 'since. Seventy-five honorably
discharged soldiers, sailors and marines
signed the charter roll. After a patriotic
debate It was decided to name the new
camp for the late Captain Reinhold Rlch
ter of the First California Volunteers,
who was killed during the first engage
ment at Manila. The following named
were elected as officers for the first term:
William H. "Wehser, commander; Harry
T. McGurren, senior, and Theodore Lar
sen Junior, vice commander: Walter R.
Hanna, adjutant; Edward Mullaly. quar
termaster: John Canavan, chaplain; H.
Larkin. officer -cf the guard: Harry Rob
erts, officer of the day. and William Wall
and James Green, trustees. \
irom j. a. l^ippincoii, nyarograpner oi me
United States Geological Survey:
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JKLLYS FERRY.
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
TUOLUMN'E RIVER AT LA GRANGE. !
KINGS RIVER AT RED JJOUXTAIX.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning .tides are given in the left
hand column and Ihe successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last
tide of tl^e day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a* minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low water«.
Court Notes.
Judge Murasky handed down an opinion
yesterday denying the application of In
surance Commissioner Clunie for a writ
of Injunction restraining the Tontine Sav
ings Association from carrying on its
business in this State. The court holds
that the company Is not an insurance
company as defined by the code.
N. K. Masteri. as trustee of the estate"
of the late Charles C. Hastings, has filed
his final account together with a petition
for leave to deliver the trust estate In his
hands to the United States Trust Com
pany of New York. The beneficiaries un
der the trust are Charles Hueston Hast
ings and Ltezle M. Holme, residents or
New York.
Ballots cast in eight precincts were re
counted in the Dalngerfield-Graham con
test yesterday, and Judge Daingerfleld
gpined nine votes. His total gain since
the recount began Is sixty-one votes.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday in
Judge Mogan's court for the arrest of
Edward Hesse, an alleged actor, on the
charge of forgery. He Is accused of forg
ing the names of Twomey and Miholo
vitch. saloonkeepers, to a check for $23
Thursday and passing it on Abe Jacobs,
tailor, 1200 Market street.
The charge of grand larceny against H.
Levy, proprietor of the Golden Gate
Clothing Works. Market street, and F. I*
Heywood and Robert Calvert, his agents,
was dismissed 'by Judge Cabaniss yester
day. They were accused by Carey Straw,
a "discharged soldier, of forcing him to
buy a suit of clothes, and because he could
not pay for it taking possession of his
railroad ticket and his discharge papers.
The defendants said they had been al
ways willing to return the papers.
Hancock's Chinese Discharged.
Th^ «>iyhty Chinese constituting the
crrv. of the United States transport Han
cock have been discharged by the Gov
« foment, and ibis morning will be taken
oS in a tuff under an escort of customs
;?:*r" e ctir3 and placed on board the Coptic
en route to their native land. The Han
cock now has a crew of white men, all
of th*m American citizens.
A FLEET of overdue vessels mad*
port yesterday. Among them was
the ship Austrasia from New
castle-on-Tyne; the bark Inver-
mark from Newcastle, Australia:
the brig Galilee from Tahiti: the W ar- T
neld from British Columbia and half a
dozen coasters fropi various ports.
The Galilee had a hard time of It.
On December 17 she was caught in a
southwest gale and some of the crew
were nearly washed overboard. A thun
der storm blew up and all hands had a
terrible time. Captain Densmore savs
that In all his years at sea he had never
encountered euch a storm. It blew from
all directions at once and sometimes tho
lightning played arouna the masts in
vivid streaks. Luckily the Galilee pulled
through.
ECHWEBIN RETURNS TO
TAKE UP PANAMA FIGHT
Pacific Hail Will Run Steamers to
Central American Ports for
* \ Coffee Trade.
R. P. Schwerin. general manager of the
Pacific Mail, arrived from the East late
yesterday afternoon, and. after a brief
visit to his office, went direct to his home
in San Mateo.
Mr. Schwerin has been in New
looking after the interests of the Pacific
Mail in its controversy with the Panama
railroad. The Panama company has al
ready begun running a steamship line ot
its own between here and Panama, and
It Is now the purpose of the Pacific Mail
to give the Panama people a race for their
money: In other words, the liveliest kind
of competition is to be Instituted.
The Pacific Mail will send its steamers
to Central American ports to take on all
the coffee they can. The coffee will be
taken direct to- <Juaytnas and thence
shipped East via the Sonora and Sunset
routes.
As the Panama company has heretofore
handled a large percentage of the coffee
shipments, the outcome of the Pacillc
Mail's attempt to get the business will be
watched with considerable Interest.
•
Other Belated Vessels.
The bark Invermark was sixty-nine
days making the run from Newcastle.
Australia. This Is a fa4rly good show
ing and the captain says he would have
beaten 1% by five days had not heavv
weather kept him off the coast for a week.
The Austrasia was 156 days coming from
Newcastle-on-Tyne and had a heavy ex
perience off the bar. Not a vessel that
has come in but what has reported heavy
weather, and some of them have fared
pretty badly.
Water Front Notes.
Chris Pickering was fooling with a pun
at his room on East street yesterday. He
pulled the trigger and the bullet went
through his hand and then into his right
le? He was treated at the Harbor Hospi
tal and later sent to the City and County
Hospital.
Captain Burges?, late master of the ship
Oweriee, has been appointed captain of
the iron bark Star of Russia,
The schooner Abbie M. Deerlng is load
lne a general cargo for Samoa.
George Sfmmons goes to Seattle tomor
row to take command of a new steamer
that Is to go Into the whaling and trad
ing business in the Arctic. The new boat
i« being purchased on the Sound and next
spring a 3000-ton boat will be in active op
position with the Pacific Steam Whaling
Company. "-.'_'¦ '
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Albert loads merchandise for Honolulu;
the Euterpe, merchandise for Melbourne or
y delate*, prior to arrival; the Eliza Miller,
merchandise for Mexican ports.
The BrttiFh *hlp Cawdor has been chartered
tc load wheat at t$ shillings. N. K. H. A. D.
Notice to Mariners.
BAN FRANCISCO ENTRANCE, CALI
FORNIA.
Nctice !« hereby given that the mammoth
nun buoy, painted red. numbered 2, % marking
Fort Point ledge. San Francisco entrance, Cali
gornia, has gone adrift. It will be replaced
at the earliest date practicable. ,
This notice affects the list of bes^cons and
tu-iys. Pacific Coast. 1S0O, page W.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
L r . SEBREE.
Commander, U. S. N..
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December W.
Bark Diamond Head, Petersen, 23 days from
Lahalna. '
Friday, December 21.
Stmr Point Arena, .Hansen. 17 hours^ from
llendoctno. _^
S'mr Eureka, Jetsen, 23 hours from Eureka.
Br etmr Warfleid, Pattle. 7 days from Oys
*Br ship Aurtrasla, Ewart. 190 days from Hull,
via Newcastle-on-Tyne.
Br ship Seafarer, Farmer. 175 days from
Hull, via Newcastle, England 145 days.
Br bark Invermark. Bolderston, 69 day* from
Newcastle. NSW.
Bktn Northwest. Challeston. 22 days from
New Whatcoin; put in for water; bound for
¦. Brig Galilee. Dinsmore. 29 days from Tahiti.
Bchr Enterprise, White, 20 day» from Hono
lulu.
Schr Esther Buhne, Ealveeon. 12 days from
Eureka. . ' . ' „
Pchr 8 T Alexander, Ips*n. 20 days from Ka
hU Bark Coloma, Beck. 27 day« from Port Blake
j,v • ¦ J . ¦ -"ffTftiHIfflaHBWTBif
RETURNED.
Friday. December 21.
Ptmr Alliance. Harflwick. hence Dec 20. for
Astoria, on account of machinery belns dl«
abl^- SAILED.-
Friday, December 21.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro.
Etmr Aleatraa. Carieon. .
Pttnr iJiqua, Bash. Eureka.
Stmr White*boro. Olsen. Whitesboro.
etmr Laknie. Sehar*. Eureka.
Etmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Brsjrr- . f
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Morgan. Nanalmo.
Bark Kate Davenport. Rosendall, Port Blake
ley ¦ • ¦ .
Bktn S O Wilder. Jackson, Honolulu.
Bchr C H Merchant. Karlsen. Salinas Crui.
Schr Helene. Christiansen. Honolulu.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bowmi Landing.
SPOKEN
Per Br ship Seafarer— Oct 1«. oft* Cape Horn.
Br ship Verbena, from Iquique, for Ostand.
MISCELLANEOUS
LONDON. Dec 20— Dutch stmr Wllhelmlna.
from Manila, for Puget Sound, at Hongkong,
damaged. Repairs will occupy ten days.
MEMORANDUM.
Per brig Galilee, from Tahiti-Left In port at
Papeete the Fr bark Duchess Ol£a; had her
fore topmast 'on end and would probably ire*,
away the middle of January. Also the Fr bark
France Cherie would eail about the 1st of
December for Halatla to finish loading copra
for Europe. They started the morning we left
to heave the City of Papeete down Nov 21; no
report could be made.
TELEGRAPHIC,
POINT LOBOS. Dec 21. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FOREIGN PORTS
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Dec 19— Stmr
Chas D I^ane. for Quayaquil.
SEATTLB-Arrived Dec Zl— Stmr Czarina,
hence Dec 17. _;
Sailed Dec 21— Etmr Coqullle River, for Port
Blakeley. Dec 21— Stmr John S Klmball. for
Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 21— Stmr San Pedro,
hrnce Dec 20.
Called Dec 21— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
HONGKONG — Arrived Dec 20— Stmr China,
hence Nov 20. -.
MOR.ORAN— Sailed Dec IS— Nor stmr Horda,
for San Francisco. _
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 19— Stmr Tacoma,
for Tacoma. „
KOBE— Arrived Dec 15— Nor itmr Ber^en
hau«. from Astoria.
Sailed Dec IS— Br stmr Braemer. for Tacoma.
OCEAN STEAMERS. .
YOKOH.VMAr-Arrlved Dec 21— Stmr Scharps
no. from Portland. Or. :._ . ,
GLASGOW— Sailed Dec 20— Stmrs Aptoria and
Callfonrian. for New York. " ' '' ..
LIVERPOOL^Salled. Dec 22-Stmr Nomadic,
for New - YoHt. ' ' •' * •; ¦' ¦ ' '
QrEENSTOWN— Sailed ; Dec . 2»— Stmr New
Enj?lan<V f rom L4yerp*>I, for Bremen. . ' ..
/'.' ¦* ¦*• — ¦' .'¦
i *'Sun, Moon and Tide. -< \^
Unit«d 'States .Coast • an4 '^ Geodetic "Survey—
TlroeB .\and .: HelghU-VjW.-J^lrti. >nd_I^)w
Waters at Fort Point,' entrance, to Ban
Francisco Bay. : Published" by official au
th6ritjr,of the Superintendent. : -« ...
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front CMlssion-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Tort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
SOME OF THE VESSELS THAT HAVE BEEN TRYING TO MAKE PORT FOR OVER A WEEK AND HAVE
FINALLY SUCCEEDED. THE GALILEE WAS IN A THUNDERSTORM AND THE INVERMARK AND AUS
TRASIA WERE ALSO ROUGHLY HANDLED. • .
In the Divorce Court
r>ecre«p of divorce were granted yes
t»rday to Henry R. Co?b!e from Ceiia R.
Corbie for drsfition, Kate Bnrgtrsan from
Adolph Berpman on statutory grounds,
William H. St^nton from Mary E. Stan
ton for desertion. Callerina Perpoli from
Massimiliano Fei-poli for desertion, and
I^uisa J. Hazard from Clement Hazard
Cor cruelty. Suit? for divorce were filed
Vv Dorothy R. Taylor acalr.st E. D. Tay
lor for <rup!ty. Stephen M. Katzer against
Annie K. Katzer for infidelity, and Loui
E. Pond against Benjamin G. Bend for de
ftrtlon.
The work of these writers cannot be
classified fully. It contafns humor thai
rings true wherever It is read and yet
which Is characteristically and persist
ently American.
FRED LKWIS PATTEE.
Pennsylvania State College.
Irving was as true a humorist as ever
used the English lansruage, and Holmes
and Lowell, Artemus Ward and Mark
Twain may be placed to advantage by th>*
side of any of the great English wits and
humorists of the century, either In Eng
land or elsewhere. Besides these, America
has produced many minor humorists o!
the truest type — Harte, Leland. Hale. Mrs.
Stowe. Stockton, Cable. Bunner. Warner.
Trowbrldge and many another.
No buffoonery, no trick of twisting of
words and sentences— grotesque spellings,
picturesque dialect effects, exaggerations,
Hibernianisms. satires on fine writing anJ
sentiment— nothing 1 has been overlooked
by the American humorists. "Aluch of
their work does not rise to the dignity
of literature; It Is often merely comic,
like the work of the English Theodore
Hook and Joseph Miller. Yet besides these
merely ludicrous jestezs there 13 a nobla
school of true Ajnerican wits and humor
ists. Franklin shone in London as a w.t
in' the days of Sheridan, Garrick. Fox and
Goldsmith. His bon mots were the ta:k
of the day and were eagerly "copied by tii»
press. For instance, a young lady of the
name of Gunp once Insisted at an even
ing party that the doctor make an im
promptu verse with her as the subject.
Instantly Franklin ruade the following
couplet:
Cupid now, to insure his fun.
Quits his bow and takes to Gunn.
"I guess if you were at our factories at
Lowell we'd show you a wonder— 500 gaia
at work together, all in silence. I don":
think our great country has such a real,
natural curiosity as that — I expect th •
world don't contain the beat of it — for a
woman's tongue goes so slick of Itself,
without water power or steam, and move.-'
so easy on, its hinges that It Is no easy
matter to put a spring stop on It, I tell
you. It com«3 as natural as drinking
mint julep."
"Society is something like a barrel of
pork; the meat that's at the top is some
times not as good as that that's a llttto
grain lower down: the upper and low«?r
ends are plaguy apt to have a little tain:
In 'em. but the middle is always good."
"It's better never to wipe a child's nose
at all, I guess, than to wring it off."
"A long face is plaguy apt to cover a
long conscience— that's a fact."
"When a feller Is too lazy to work hs
paints his name over his door and calls it
a tavern, and as like, as not he makes the
whole neighborhood as lazy as himself."
Judge Haliburton, who began hia Sam
Slick series in 1S35. is full of homely Yan
kee wisdom. His Clockmaker is often
really humorous.
"There isn't enough bad luck In tho
world altogether to ruin one real, live
man." — Uncle Esek. "If you want to get
there quick, go slow." — Josh Billings. "A
mugwump Is a person educated beyond
his intellect."— Porter. "De runnin' vip.i*
In de grass kin fling you hard'n de stump
In de open road." — Macon. "A reasonable
number of fleas is good for a dog; it keeps
him from brooding on being a dog." —
David Harum.
One may quote almost at random
Holmes was full of sparkling epigram*
"Put not your trust in money, but put
your money In tru3t." "He who is car
ried by horses must deal with rogue*. "
Mark Twain abounds in homely wisdbm:
"It is better to be a young June bug than
an old bird of paradise." "Be good and
you will be lonesome." "Tell the truth or
trump — but get the trick."
"If you would know the value of money go
and try to borrow som£: for he that goes »-bor
rowlng goes a-sorrowing."
"Vessels large may venture more.
But little boats should keep near shore."
"These have a short Lent who owe money
to be r>ald at Easter."
Almost every American humorist since
Franklin has followed in his footstep* by
compressing hard-headed common-sen3d
into humorous aphorisms. The proverbial
philosophy of America would flil a Iarg5
.volume. Lincoln, in many ways the typi
cal American, was full of wise saws and
modern instances: "Never swap horses
when you are crossing a stream."
"You can fool all the people some of the
time and some of the people all of tha
time, but you can't fool all the people ai\
of the time."
"He's a fool who makes the doctor h!a heir."
"Ne'er take a wife till thou haat a house
(and a fire.) to rut her in."
"The cat In gloves catches no mice."
"A fat kitchen makes a lean will."
"It is foolish to lay out money In tha pur
chase of repentance."
Such exaggeration is merely comic, but
it makes up one large department of
American literature. With such literary
comedians as "Bill Xye." "M. Quad" and
"Thei Danbury News Man," it Is used
to the exclusion of almost everything else.
It comes, perhaps, from the exaggerated
idea which many Americans have of their
native land and its institutions. Nothing:
Is small in America. Barnum advertised
"the greatest sh<nv on earth." A Yankee
turns up his nos- at the Italian who \3
boasting of his Vesuvius. "Humph! Our
Niagara, would put It out in five min
utes."
There Is In all American humor a deep
current of homely common sense. In the
making of aphorisms and droll epigrams
Americans have always excelled. The be
ginnings of this, like the beginnings of so
many other things, may be traced back to
Franklin. His maxims abound, not only
in common sense, but in wit as well, and
even humor.
"Xever spare tho parson's wine nor the
bakers pudding."
out of the window. They didn't boxy him
—they planted one end. and let him stand
up. same as a monument They nailed a
sign on It and put on it 'Sacred to the
memory of fourteen yards of three-ply
carpet, containing all that. was mortal of
William Wheeler.' "
Amerlcan. literature ' from-. Its earliest
days has abounded in Wit and humor.
Even in the colonial era,, with its.hard
ships and. 4 ts> ' religious gloom, .there, wejre
literary- comedians. Joseph" Green, born
In Boston in 1708. was so Inveterate a wag
that a contemporary in a humorous epi-
taph described him as one- ¦ ' - .'
Whose life was whim, whose soul was/pun,
And if you go too near his herjse ¦
He'll Joke 'Sou. both In prose and verse.
"With his favorite cat. which he called
his "mews," perched upon his knee, he
delighted to parody and lampoon Dr.
Mather Byles, hia neighbor, who was
himself an" incorrigible punster even in
the pulpit:
With strutting gait and wig so great
He walks aJon* the streets. .
And throws out wit,' or what's like it,
To every one he meets.
Several of Byles' witticisms have been
preserved. During the famous dark day
of 17S0 a lady in great terror and distress
sent her son to the reverend doctor to in
quire the cause of the phenomenon. "My
dear," was the reply, "tell her I am as
muclj in the dark as she." Ha was once
defeated with his own weapon. A lady
whom he had once unsuccessfully wooed
married a Mr. Qulncey. "So, madam,
remarked the doctor, "\t appears that you
prefer a Qulncey to Byles." "Yes," was
the reply, "for if there had been anything
worse than biles God would have afflicted
Job with them."
The revolutionary era bubbled over with
wit and humor. Kranklin opened it with
a joke— "We must all hang together or
assuredly we snail all hang separately.
The patriot soldiers enlivened their
marches and bivouacs with "Yankee Doo
dle" and other rollicking songs. Freneau
mingled wit and satire, and Trumbull in i
"McFingal" made a satire on the Tories I
as brilliant and as original as Its great j
prototype "Hudlbras." Some of its coup- I
lets are quoted even to-day: . 7.
But optics sharp it needs, I ween.
To see what Is not to be seen.
A thief ne'er felt the halter draw
With good opinion of the law. .
Francis Hopkinson was perhaps the true
humorist of the era. His work is more
than mere fun, more than mere satire. His j
paper on "Whitewashing" is worthy of I
Irving, and his numberless other writings t
—poems, sketches and burlesques— are
humorous even now in the widest sense or ¦
the term. . .
American literature, narrowing the term
down to include only those productions
distinctively American, those productions
that are in no sense British either in at
mesphero or treatment, began with hu
morous poems and sketches. These com
menced to appear even in the colonial era.
and they increased in number and in value *
in the years Just previous to the opening j
of the great national period. It Is a sig- j
nificant fact that "the first American book j
In the higher departments of literature
which needed no apology and -stood s
squarely on Us own legs" was Irving s
"Knickerbocker," a book purely and ex
clusively humorous. The later years of
the century have witnessed an outpouring (
of humorous writings that has no parallel }
elsewhere in the history of literature. To
remove this one element would be to take
away that which, more than anything
else, gives Individuality to our literature
and enables It to stand alone. Remove
the truly American humor of Irving.
Holmes. Lowell, Warner, Harte, Artemus 1
Ward. Mark Twain, Cable, Stockton and
all like them and the strength and dis- j
tinctive flavor of our literature would be j
gone.
America has been for more than half a .
century the leading producer among the j
nations of purely humorous productions.
"Humor is ihs only literary proauct that
we export" at least in any quantities.
"Genuine, spontaneous, unstudied wit,
says a well known ..critic, "probably does
not anywhere exist to so great an extent
or in such abounding variety as in ' this
country." There seems to be something
in the American air, or at least in Ameri
can institutions and society, provocative
of wit and humor. The late Professor
Boyesen once observed that it is "the
tendency cf Americans to take a facetious
view. of life and extract the greatest
amount of amusement out of every situ
ation. • • • The most pervasive trait In
the American national character Is Jocu
larity." Even foreigners, he observes,
who in their own country never dreamed
of making a joke, become quickly infect
ed, and after a short residence are as In
veterate wags as the natives themselves.
It is practically useless to attempt a
complete explanation of this national
characteristic. It comes partly, no doubt,
from the abundant material in America
for wit and humor. America is full of
absurdities; more so than is any other
nation. The picturesque mixing of all na
tions, the rapid growth of cities and
States, with the attendant confusion and
the difficulties of readjustment, the varie
gated and unique society" of the distant
frontiers and of the regions just strus
fllng into civilization; the Mormons, the
hakers and other picturesque communi
ties; the sudden rise of poor and unknown !
men into positions of great power and
wealth; the experiment of a new and un
tried form of government, and, above all.
the spirit of an all-leveling democracy,
which makes every man as good as his
neighbor, have all had thela influence.
Then, too, the abundant activity in Amer- i
ica. physical and mental, the rush and ,
hustle which come, some say. from the :
climate, demand a proportionate amount
of relaxation, which is found in wit and
humor. There may be, perhaps, the add- i
ed reason that 'the facetious view of life
is a kind of revolt against the puritans
of the earlier.days, the Inevitable reaction
against its extremes and its restrained
regime — but it is useless to speculate.
One of the leading characteristics of
American humor Is its exaggeration. It
abounds in startling and grotesgue hyper
boles, humorous on account of their very
extravagance. In solemn misstatements
and irrelevant antitheses. A very large
tree is described as being so tall that it
took two men and a boy to look to the
top. A certain man is so stingy that he
skims the milk on both sides. An acro
bat advertises to take in the State of
Rhode Island at one flying leap. Mark
Twain is full of this quality. A certain
man by the name of -Wheeler, he declares,
"got nipped Jsy the machinery in a car
pet factory and went through in less than
a quarter of a minute. His widow bought
the piece of carpet that had his remains
wove in, and people came a hundred miles
to 'tend the funeral. There was fourteen
yards in the piece. She wouldn't let them
roll him up, but planted him Just so— full
length. The church was middling small
where they preached the funeral, and
they had to let one end of the coffin stick
HUMOR OFENCLISH AND AMERICAN LITERATURE
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
AMERICAN WIT AND HUMOR.
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.
Mayo"? Phelan yesterday- returned, with
out his approval, the bill providing; funds
for St. Mary's Square.. The bill, which ap
propriated $50,000 Immediately and pledped
the Board of Supervisors to set' asuie an
additional J50.000.for.the same purpose out
of next year's funds,' also contains a.re
lease of the original $125,000 appropriated
for thesquare by the last board and now
tied up in t|»e city treasury pending a
decision of..tti*e Supreme Court.. It is. al
most certain that the Mayor's vetu will
be sustained bythe baardu
The Mayor states the reasons tut his
objections to be_aa.ioJlowsi.. .._ . _.. 'i
The bill under consideration attempts to ap
propriate 130.000 "out- of available funds in the
treasury." Assuming that It Is desirable to
acquire this land. I am strongly of the opinion
that there are. not only no available funds for
the purpose but that there is no authority in
the Board of Supervisors to appropriate $50,000,
or any other sum, at 1 this time and by this
method, for the acquisition of park lands. The
charter provides (sectiens 3, 4. 3, 6 and 7, chapter
1, article III) that the Supervisors shall, by the
first Monday of June of each year, make %.
budget containing all the items of expenditure
of the city government; that the several sums
therein specified shall then be appropriated
for the eneulnsr fiscal year to the several pur
j»c*es and departments therein named; that the
Supervisors must cause to be raised annually,
according to law. by tax, the sums so appro
priated; that no money shall be drawn from
the treasury unless In consequence of appro
priations, and that no warrant shall be drawn
except on an unexhausted specific appropria
tion. When tte budget was made last June
no item was Inserted nor appropriation made
tor the acquisition of this land.
If It were possible to appropriate the amount
asked for at this time, some department or
purpose for which provision was then regular
ly and specifically made would have to suffer
to the • extent of the appropriation, which
would defeat the excellent fiscal plan of the
charter, unless of course there were an avail
able surplus.
It is true thare is a large surplus on account
6f the assessment roll exceeding 1375,000.000.
the basis upon which the tax levy was made.
Hut the City Attorney has. however, advised
the Board of Supervisors that this cannot be
used during this fiscal- year for any purpose,
because it will pass into the surplus fund on
July 1 next, as provided in the chater, to be
applied lster. first, to the payment of Judg
ments against the city: second, in reducing
the funded debt, and third, to be apportioned
among the funds and used in the ensuing fiscal
year as a. part of the Income and revenue
thereof: therefore it is unavailable.
For these reasons It appears to me clearly
Illegal to appropriate $30,000. "or any other sum.
at thH time out of the general fund or sur
plus fun* for the purposes contemplated, the
proper time for the board to consider such ap
propriations being next Hay and June, when
the budget, is under consideration. If it were
possible lor the board to disturb the budget in
the midst of a fiscal year by appropriating
money which was by the budgret inviolably set
aside for .other purposes, it would demoralize
the public service and create those deficits
which disgraced the city administration in
former years, and from which by strictly fol
lowing the provisions of the charter we hope
to be exempt in the future. These : provisions
as to funds and appropriations are perhaps
the most valuable in the charter, establishing,
as th»y do, a paid-up and orderly government,
and when understood, all 'Interested parties
-rill. I am sure, co-operate in maintaining
them. ¦ ' ' •
Isolds It Is Clearly Illegal • to Set
Aside* the Money at This 1
Time for the Fur- . . .
pose.
Says There Are No Avail
able Funds to Purchase
St. Mary's Square.
MAYOR VETOES
APPROPRIATION
Tfc* Grand Jury filed its final report with
presiding Judge Bahrs yesterday and
•u-as thereupon «'.ls=charp»d. The Jury con-
Fisted of W. T. Kibbler, foreman: H. T.
Oibbs. secretary; Emit Bauer. J. W. Mur
phy, Ecward i^eventhal. P. A. Scully. F.
A. Vail. S. Green. A. L. Lux. Josrph P.
Le Count, T. J. Drury, A. Hirsch. J. C.
Lemm«r, J. A. Lvnch. J. W. Briekwedel.
E. N. Frit*. F. R. Butz. F. L. Eheerin. and
H. Wolf.
The report fieais out extravagant praiee
for every department in the city govern
ment and notes Improvement in every
thlng, even the social evil. It Bays in
part:
We tmsfl the afirr.ir.lstra.uen of the affair* cf
tht Park Coir.m:esior,ers to be excellent. We
¦would recommend that a suitable piece of
«rour.d In the thickly fettled portion of the
city, situated south of Market street and east
rf Eighth street, be purchased by the city and
f inverted lato a playground for children, and
tlie youns people of both sexe».
We «o not thick «here is enougrh credit riven
to employes of the various ofneee for cxperi
tr.ce by the CKil S<rvic« Commission in it*
rstinp* fsr experienced clerk*.
The salary roU of the ?h?ri!T'» Department
1* $15,450 per annum l<w than It was formerly,
and the •..-•¦- is n-.anar'-d by Sheriff I>*cji
mann «t. . • a* exr*<litioui-1y »» before.
The corr.m:tt<?* "n social' evil*, morale anl
tivs \lflu-i the various wctions of the city
vhew tbdr <Suty caJIM thtm and found that
th^n» was little it any evMenc* of so open a
violation of the law as hitherto existed.
Recommends That a Suitable Piece of
Ground South of Market Street
Be Purchased for a
Park.
Final Report Contains Ex
travagant Praise for
Everything.
GRAND JURY SEES
NAUGHT BUT GOOD
THE £AN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1900.
Galilee Has a, Hard Tinae of It in eizi
Elootirio GroJL© v
ANOTHER STORM-TOSSED
FLEET FINALLY MAKES PORT
9
- SATURDAY. DECEMBEK ZZ.
Sun sets ...........4:53
Mocn sets ...-• 0:00 P- "»•
O I Time |Tlme| |Ttme [Time
•• i Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
• |HW L. Vi\ *H W L. W
» 0:35 4.6 4:62 3.2 10:43 5.9 5:55 —0.8
» . 1:14 4.8 6:40 ».l 11:S3 6.8 «:32 — 0.7
24 ... 1:50 6.0 6:33 3.0 12:K 6.6 7:13—0.4
a ... 2:29 6.1 7:29 2.8 1:17 5.3 7:55—0.1
28 .. 8:07 6.2 8:31 2.5 2:18 4.» 8:40 0.4
27 3-48 6.4 9:40 2.1 3:30 4.5 3:2$ I.f
25 ... 4:3"> 5.5 10:45 1.6| 4:51 4.1 10:22 l.(
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
Pier.
Pt. Arena. .[Point Arena.. Dec. 22. S pm Pier 2
Umatilla .. Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 22. 11 am Pier I
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 22. Sam Pier 12
Mandalay . Coqullle Rlv.. Dec. 22. 10 am Pier 2
C. Nelson.. Seattle* Hono Dec. 22, 6 pmiPier 2
S. Portland A8torla&-PtM Dec. 22. 6 pm Pier —
Coptic IChlna&Japan Dec. 22. 1 pm PMSS
Argo JCoqullle Rtv.. Dec. 22. 10 am Pier —
Samoa [Humboldt Dec. 23, 2pm Pl»r 2
North ForklHumboldt Dec. 23, > am Pier 2
Pcnta RosaiSan Diego.... Dec. 2J, » am P»er 11
Nome City.JSeattle Dec. 23, 10 am Pier 2}
Neko IHambg&\Vay|Dec. 23 Pier 27
Pomona ..:|Humboldt | Dec. 24, t pm Pier S
Columbia ..iPortland Dec. 24. 11am Pier 24
Bonlta ....IXewport Dec. 25, 9 am Pier 11
Arcsta Coos Bay Dec. 25, 12 m Pier 13
Senator Seattle* Alas. Dec. 26, 9 am Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay...... Dec. 26. 12 m Pier 13
Zealandla . Honolulu |Dec. 28, 2 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego.... I Dec. 2i 9 am Pier 11
Rainier .... Seattle&N.W Dec. 27 Pier-
Rival WHlapa Har.. Dec. 27. Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 27 Pier 2
State of Cal Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 27. 11 am Pier 9
R. Dollar... I Seattle &Taco Dec. 27 Pier —
earner.
me.
Victoria Oyster Harbor. Dec. 22
Pan Bias.... — Nanalmo Dec. 22
America Maru. China and Japan Dec. 22
I-omora Humboldt Dec. 22
Del Norte Portland and Coos Bay. Dec. 22
En-rlre Coos Bay Dec. 23
Arcata Coo« Bay Dec. «
Senator Victoria & Puret Sound Dec 23
Queen San Diego Dec. 23
Bonlta ; Newport... Dec. 23
Alaxneda Sydney and Way Ports. Dec. 24
Washtenaw .... Taeoma Dec. 24
Hobert Dollar.. Seattle Dec 21
Rjunler Seattle & New Whatcom Dec. 24
Giaec Dollar .. Grays Harbor.. Dec. 24
Bpn redro Humboldt Dec. 24
Ulval Willap* Harbor D.«c. !4
Cixscent City.. Crescent City Dec. 24
Fan Jose Acapuleo.t Dec i»
Eureka .'. Hamboldt Dec. 25
O. W. Elder ... Portland Dec. 2«
Corona Newport Dec 26
Mexico Mexican Ports.. Dec. 28
Panta Rosa San Diego.. Dec. Tl
Point Arena ... Point Arena Dec. 27
Newburg ...... Grays Harbor.." U*c. 27
Cursicao .'.. Mexican Ports.. Dec. 23
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Bound Dec. 21
N'orth Fork .... Humboldt ........; De;. 29
BAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDOX.
I Second Feet.
PATE. , —
\ 1S99. 1900.
December 2 445 1590
December 3 445 1590
December 4 445 • 1470
December 5 445 1470
December 6 445 1470
December 7 250 1470
December 8 250 14T0
December 9 250 1590
December 10 250 1590
Jecember dl 250 1590..
December 1! J50 1470
December 13 445 1850
December 14 330 1350
December 15 640 .1350
I Second Feet.
DATE. ,
5 1899. 1900.
December 2 16,700 8.070
December 3 14.300 7.530
December 4 12.600 7.265
December 5 13,700 7.0CO
December 6 11.300 6.750
December 7 10.400 6.750
December 8 :.. 11.300 6,500
December 9 10.100 6,500
December 10 9.800-6.BOO
December 11 1T.700 6.265
December 12 .* 18.240 6.030
December 13 14.S00 6.03C
December 14 13,700 17.300
December 15.. - 43,600 13,400
* I cecgao
3 T Wl. .
DATK. , ¦ 1
I
. 1803.
1900.
December 2 760
December 3 830
December 4.. 760
December 5 620
December 6....V 63*
December 7..... 620
December 8 62«
December 9 , ;.;.'.. 650
December 10 '.........'. ,¦ 620
December. 11... 620.
December 12.. 900
(December 13... .2785
December- 14 . 1043
December 15 1925
1365
12S0
1120
970
970
970
970
970
S30
760
760
760
.- -760
830
- : i oecona
DATE. .:
1S?9.
r Mrr& Co.
19C0. Canal.
Total
1900.
Dee. 2 1324
Dec. 8 1104
Dec. 4:....... 12<H
Dec. 6 1054
Dec 6 974
Dec. 7........ 874
Dec. 9 '. 974 ,
Dec. 9 974
Dec. 10 874
Dec. 11 - 974
Dec. 12 1324
Dec. U 3369
Dec. 14 ,... 520».
Dec. 15........ 7C94
1530 10
1590 10
1590 10
1590 10
1440 10
1440 10
1590 10
- 1590 . 10
.1440 10
1440 10 .
1300 10 . •
11S0 10
nso 10
1300 1 10 «
1600
1600
1600
1600
1450
•1450
l«0O
1600
1450
1450
1310
U199
1190
1210
necona v eei.
* DATE.
1899. 1900.
December 2........ .". \ 4W 972
Decembers 4?0 849
December 4 4«0 * S49
December 5...: -.'. 620 S43
December 8 4S0 ?49
December 7..- ; 440 90S
December 8... „ 440 808
DATE.
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
Pier.
Pt. Arena. .[Point Arena.. Dec. 22. S pm Pier 2
Umatilla .. Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 22. 11 am Pier I
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 22. Sam Pier 12
Mandalay . Coqullle Rlv.. Dec. 22. 10 am Pier 2
C. Nelson.. Seattle* Hono Dec. 22, 6 pmiPier 2
S. Portland A8torla&-PtM Dec. 22. 6 pm Pier —
Coptic IChlna&Japan Dec. 22. 1 pm PMSS
Argo JCoqullle Rtv.. Dec. 22. 10 am Pier —
Samoa [Humboldt Dec. 23, 2pm Pl»r 2
North ForklHumboldt Dec. 23, > am Pier 2
Pcnta RosaiSan Diego.... Dec. 2J, » am P»er 11
Nome City.JSeattle Dec. 23, 10 am Pier 2}
Neko IHambg&\Vay|Dec. 23 Pier 27
Pomona ..:|Humboldt | Dec. 24, t pm Pier S
Columbia ..iPortland Dec. 24. 11am Pier 24
Bonlta ....IXewport Dec. 25, 9 am Pier 11
Arcsta Coos Bay Dec. 25, 12 m Pier 13
Senator Seattle* Alas. Dec. 26, 9 am Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay...... Dec. 26. 12 m Pier 13
Zealandla . Honolulu |Dec. 28, 2 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego.... I Dec. 2i 9 am Pier 11
Rainier .... Seattle&N.W Dec. 27 Pier-
Rival WHlapa Har.. Dec. 27. Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 27 Pier 2
State of Cal Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 27. 11 am Pier 9
R. Dollar... I Seattle &Taco Dec. 27 Pier —
earner.
me.
Victoria Oyster Harbor. Dec. 22
Pan Bias.... — Nanalmo Dec. 22
America Maru. China and Japan Dec. 22
I-omora Humboldt Dec. 22
Del Norte Portland and Coos Bay. Dec. 22
En-rlre Coos Bay Dec. 23
Arcata Coo« Bay Dec. «
Senator Victoria & Puret Sound Dec 23
Queen San Diego Dec. 23
Bonlta ; Newport... Dec. 23
Alaxneda Sydney and Way Ports. Dec. 24
Washtenaw .... Taeoma Dec. 24
Hobert Dollar.. Seattle Dec 21
Rjunler Seattle & New Whatcom Dec. 24
Giaec Dollar .. Grays Harbor.. Dec. 24
Bpn redro Humboldt Dec. 24
Ulval Willap* Harbor D.«c. !4
Cixscent City.. Crescent City Dec. 24
Fan Jose Acapuleo.t Dec i»
Eureka .'. Hamboldt Dec. 25
O. W. Elder ... Portland Dec. 2«
Corona Newport Dec 26
Mexico Mexican Ports.. Dec. 28
Panta Rosa San Diego.. Dec. Tl
Point Arena ... Point Arena Dec. 27
Newburg ...... Grays Harbor.." U*c. 27
Cursicao .'.. Mexican Ports.. Dec. 23
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Bound Dec. 21
N'orth Fork .... Humboldt ........; De;. 29
BAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDOX.
I Second Feet.
PATE. , —
\ 1S99. 1900.
December 2 445 1590
December 3 445 1590
December 4 445 • 1470
December 5 445 1470
December 6 445 1470
December 7 250 1470
December 8 250 14T0
December 9 250 1590
December 10 250 1590
Jecember dl 250 1590..
December 1! J50 1470
December 13 445 1850
December 14 330 1350
December 15 640 .1350
I Second Feet.
DATE. ,
5 1899. 1900.
December 2 16,700 8.070
December 3 14.300 7.530
December 4 12.600 7.265
December 5 13,700 7.0CO
December 6 11.300 6.750
December 7 10.400 6.750
December 8 :.. 11.300 6,500
December 9 10.100 6,500
December 10 9.800-6.BOO
December 11 1T.700 6.265
December 12 .* 18.240 6.030
December 13 14.S00 6.03C
December 14 13,700 17.300
December 15.. - 43,600 13,400
* I cecgao
3 T Wl. .
DATK. , ¦ 1
I
. 1803.
1900.
December 2 760
December 3 830
December 4.. 760
December 5 620
December 6....V 63*
December 7..... 620
December 8 62«
December 9 , ;.;.'.. 650
December 10 '.........'. ,¦ 620
December. 11... 620.
December 12.. 900
(December 13... .2785
December- 14 . 1043
December 15 1925
1365
12S0
1120
970
970
970
970
970
S30
760
760
760
.- -760
830
- : i oecona
DATE. .:
1S?9.
r Mrr& Co.
19C0. Canal.
Total
1900.
Dee. 2 1324
Dec. 8 1104
Dec. 4:....... 12<H
Dec. 6 1054
Dec 6 974
Dec. 7........ 874
Dec. 9 '. 974 ,
Dec. 9 974
Dec. 10 874
Dec. 11 - 974
Dec. 12 1324
Dec. U 3369
Dec. 14 ,... 520».
Dec. 15........ 7C94
1530 10
1590 10
1590 10
1590 10
1440 10
1440 10
1590 10
- 1590 . 10
.1440 10
1440 10 .
1300 10 . •
11S0 10
nso 10
1300 1 10 «
1600
1600
1600
1600
1450
•1450
l«0O
1600
1450
1450
1310
U199
1190
1210
necona v eei.
* DATE.
1899. 1900.
December 2........ .". \ 4W 972
Decembers 4?0 849
December 4 4«0 * S49
December 5...: -.'. 620 S43
December 8 4S0 ?49
December 7..- ; 440 90S
December 8... „ 440 808
DATE.
- SATURDAY. DECEMBEK ZZ.
Sun sets ...........4:53
Mocn sets ...-• 0:00 P- "»•
O I Time |Tlme| |Ttme [Time
•• i Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
• |HW L. Vi\ *H W L. W
» 0:35 4.6 4:62 3.2 10:43 5.9 5:55 —0.8
» . 1:14 4.8 6:40 ».l 11:S3 6.8 «:32 — 0.7
24 ... 1:50 6.0 6:33 3.0 12:K 6.6 7:13—0.4
a ... 2:29 6.1 7:29 2.8 1:17 5.3 7:55—0.1
28 .. 8:07 6.2 8:31 2.5 2:18 4.» 8:40 0.4
27 3-48 6.4 9:40 2.1 3:30 4.5 3:2$ I.f
25 ... 4:3"> 5.5 10:45 1.6| 4:51 4.1 10:22 l.(
A a^—~£^^ rS 4&A NEW ENGLAND FAIRY TALES
I* ij$ [| By Charles Battell Loomis
S ttKltfiN^i' MOne o! th& fcest> if not 1he £*** oi the fcoofrs for fco? *
' Hi AJ JjfeSfti *i|i * : that have recently come to our notice"— Tht Churtkman.
— 'IMC] "Young and old will be vastly entertained by the op-to-
M^l fiuiO lateness of this procticAl seriocomic recital .of 20tii cea-
WiwM$- \ tury 6 ° {n^ r - Botion Giohe -
...~ „ ' „« » ¦„ ITi&l thirty-nice iflt»trotion» by F. Y. Cory.
From "The Boy Who Built t~i t t O-». tt ?«;
a Trolley Car.'. ' doth. ,12mo. $L25.
Inqtare of your bookseller or write to •
McCLURE, PHILLIPS & CO., PUBLISHERS. NEW YORK.
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. >./£>.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/Curtaa
H Pianos! Pianos'. Pianosl
Well, what a sale this is!
Seventy-six pianos fold and
many folks almost ready to
b'jy.
A lady from Honolulu-
bought one— selected the $155
kind.
' Another to co to Fresno
and a dozen or more sold in
Frisco.
Vou know you need a
piano: you know your home
i5n't complete without one —
here's a chance to make a
saving.
A little down and a little
a month if you like.
One piano in this lot
sell? at
I ZjiTi C2Cil
Benj£urt8iz
#Son
16-20 OTarrell Si.
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
SILVER
JUBILEE!
DONATION DAYS:
December 20th,
December 21st,
December 22d,
December 24th.
Donations of money and
supplies of ail kinds thank-
fully received
At 227 SUTTER STREET
(Cenlt«r f « Battaa Wprlr.)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARSI A>'D WASHIXOTON- 6TS-— RE-
mo<Se'.«4 *n«l renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Room*. 80c to II 50 day;
$i to IS week; U to t*» month. Free bathi: hot
*cd coia w««r every roots: flr« irratea In everyLIVERPOOL.
Wheat — • Feb. Mar. May.
Opening- 0 • '6 >4" tU
Closing 6 V4 6Vt
PARIS.
Wheat—- , . - Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 19 90 20 95
Cloclng ......................... 19 90 '2100
Flour —
Opening 25 75 20 90
Closing ......................... 25 70 26 95
'<:¦'. Chicago Livestock Market. '
CHICA GO,, Dec^l.-TCATTLE— Receipts. 3CO0
head; maiket generally* st^dy to strong. Na
tives, : good to prime : ; eteers,~. $5 25®6; { poor to
medium, |3 65<jfo 20; selected feeders. S3 75@4 40
mixed stockers, $2 60(g3 75; : cows, weak. $2 40<ffi
4; heifers, f2 50@4 60; canners, »1 75@2 35; bulls
$2 40g3 30;: calves, J3 75<55 60; Texas fed steers'
J4@4 83;' grassers, J3 25@4; bulls, $2 5008 20. - ¦'•
> HOGS— Receipts '- to-day. 24,000 head: to-mor
row, 23,000. head; .left .over. - 2000. head; market
opened strong to shade higher, closed- weak.
Top, $4 S7V4;- mixed and; butchera, $! 63@4 S5 #
Speculation in the cereals has been narrow
dull and featureless,; but prices have been
aided by shorts covering on Argentine crop re
port«, advices of an exportable surplus from
that country of only 40. 000, 000 bushels and the
poor grade of receipts at the Northwest. Corn
receipts are large, but little of. it grades to
contract, while the export business holds : up
New business la plgiron Is small, but values
are steady/which indicates confidence in 'the
future outlook in spite of reiterated stories of
a large cut In ore prices next season, the prob
ability of which is ' being - denied. Bessemer
pig and steel billets are firm and the latter
market is reported well under control. Here
production ls increasing, but stocks are small
er. Finished products are a trifle quieter, but
much more active than usual at this time of
the year. Plates are active and hold all the
late advance. Business ln hardware ls very
active and at leading Western points the sea
son's business is reported the best on record
In structural material an immense amount of
business ls still being placed and specifications
are coming forward f»— ely. Export trade ls
quieter and there are, cabled reports of shut
downs of Scotch iron producers. The other
metals are steady, except in tin, which Is
weak on reports of . larger shipments from thw
far East;
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— Bradstreefa to-mor
row will, say: Seasonable conditions rule in
trade at present. Holiday trade activity ls
widespread and comparisons with previous
years are favorable at "most markets with the
possible exception of some parts of the North
west, where the spring wheat shortage and un
seasonable weather have checked distribution.
Notably cheerful reports come, too, from West
ern Jobbers, who have been called on for re-
Msorting orders/ and who report collections
good. Quietness is wholesale lines is usual at
this period, but it is to be noted that specially
good advices come from the iron and steel
hardware, groceries, fancy goods, toys and con
fectionary trades, while a distinctly cheerful
tone ls found ln shoes, leather and lumber al
though Eastern shipments of the . first-named
are still considerably smaller than last year
Industrial lines are fairly well employed and
strikes are **ew and far between. Prices show
few changes, most staples being steady, but it
might be noted . that most farm : products • are
slightly higher than last week and well above
Local stocks and bonds continued dan on the
morning session, with a decline la Hawaiian
Commercial to 90%.
The feature in oil stocks was the advance in
San Joaquln to $9 50. The others were steady
to firm. In the afternoon Caribou sold up to
SOc.
The Paraffine Paint Company has declared *
dividend of 25c per share, payable immediately.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has de
clared the usual monthly dividend of 50 cent*
per share, payable January 2.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany has declared & dividend of 33 cents per
share, payable January 2.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Dec. n-t P- ».
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. .11* 116»i 4s do cp (new) . USU13»%
4s do reg 115 115*4 Ss do coup — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co. .104% - Oak Water Ss..lO4% -
Cal-st Cab 3s.m - Oceanic S3 os.llOSlll
C C Water 5s. 108% - Om C Ry 6s. . 12S%12S*i
KdLt P 6s. .131 — Pac O Imp 4sl01 —
F ft Cl Ry 6s..ll4% - P * cl^*J > s f 1 ?f- 1 . 109
Geary-st R os. - - P & ?, B £ *¦]}?> ~
HC&S5^s.. - - P° w^I^^ m ,^ u
TVi S« 103 — Sac E GAR 5s. — 1ct>*4
l a Ry-5 8 :::::iw%m% ¦ f *f£J*t**S2$
L^ Imd SlKlS 103 SPC I- fl*Sv_
1 t p n n ;< w) — Series A). ...109% —
L A rket*t*s BS :iS»;- , gSSr^l^v
V cLl Rv'ss " lWVi — Do 3d mtg... — M2U
Oa^GL^iLnO^- Stktn Ga, te.101 103
Oak Tran 6s..l»"4 - • '
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. TO* T2 Spring Valley. 93T4 UY*
Marln County. »l l * —
G.\S ANI> ELECTRIC STOCKS.
CentL*PCo— 4H'P»c L Co — " 44
Enult G L Co. Z% 3V, Sac B G&R Co - -
UatuJ 1 L Co.. » 10 S F O & E.... «H W*
OOL&H-... 43 50 San Francisco. 4<* 4*;
Pac Gas Imp.. 4S% 49 Stktn OtE Co. U
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Investment demand for bonds and stocks
ls notably strong and the fact that the Janu
ary income disbursements were of record
breaking magnitude Induces more or less buy
ing of an anticipatory character.
Commission houses at any rate received heavy
buying orders and the transactions once more
ran up ln the neighborhood of 1,500.000 shares
each day and once nearly to 2.000.000 shares. |
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Last Saturday's
bank statement was taken by speculators as a
signal for a renewal of bullishness and for a
general buying movement. In spite of the
influence of the deals, actual and prospective,
in connection with the hard coal situation, the
possibility that the money market might be
stringent before the first of "January had ex
ercised a restraining Influence last week. It
was Intimated last Saturday morning that the
bank statement might not be a very favorable
one, but the street was hardly prepared for the
increase of $600,000 ln the surplus which the
bank I averages showed. When the statement
came out. the street promptly Jumped at the
conclusion that while a firm money market was
probable, rates might rule easier than 6 per
cent and positive stringency need not be feared.
Leading Interests ln the financial and railroad
world seemed to exert themselves to help the
bullish movement and the public shared In
the feeling of confidence.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Share* Closing
Hold. Stock — Bid.
SI 200 Atchison 45%
35,200 Atchison prefd E7^
8,000 Baltimore & Ohio 80%
Canadian Pacific S8
2 700 Canada Southern 57%
S7.rx>0 Chesapeake & Ohio 411*
t 100 Chicago Great Western 15-j
52.2'«) Chicago Burlington & Quincy .......140^
2.200 Chicago Ind & Louisville 27%
1.700 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd «2%
Chicago & Eastern Illinois MV»
?oo Chicago & Northwestern 168
16 100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 118
400 C C C i Et Louis 70%
MM Colorado Southern .... v "T_.... g%
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 4J%
200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17»4
3,«O0 Dvlawan & Hudson 1225^
Delaware LacJcawanna & Western. .1«»
U.ino I>nver & Ulo Grande 2S
E.ffH) Denver & Rio Grande prefd 83%
eO.MO Erie 25%
3,700 Erie l*t prefd !>»%
i Jfio Great Northern prefd lg»
7no Hocking Coal ', 14%
700 Hocking Valley 41*4
1,000 Illinois Central 12S%
200 Iowa Central ro
COO Iowa Central prefd 47
1 1(10 lake Erie & Western 4C%
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd IIS
....... Lake Shore 530
11,700 Louin-UIe & Nashville 86%
r7.*00 Manhattan Elevated ..........-.." lir*4
8 000 Metropolitan Street Railway 17JH
1,100 Mexican Central 14%
attention to various other common stocks,
» hose etocks are limited by the terms of the
Jfsue ln their dividend rights. Atchison com
mon and Denver and Rio Grande common,
Union Pacific end Southern Pacific were thus
affected. There was a renewal of the ad
vance in Et. Paul and Southern Pacific was
lifted above its former record price to near 45.
6ugar had its period of strength and Brooklyn
Transit rallied btronsly after early weakness
on account of the statements of earnings for
November. The indications are that the
rtrongly in favor of New York, which ls ex
jiected tn amount to over $2,000,000.
The bond market continued active, but there
¦were some reactions on profit-taking. .Total
rales, par value. M.IGO.OuO.
United Ptates 3e. old 4« and Ss declined »4
per cent. Tne new 4s advanced % per cent on
ibe k;6t call.
NEVT YORK. Dec. 21.— There was no altera
tion in the character of the stock market 10
<lay. Trading continued on a very large scale.
Pofsibly the fnterest was a trifle leys broad
than on previous days of the week. The buy
lr.g showed a tendency to congestion ln cer
tain Flocks and the Ki<*>cialized strength of a
few stocks was a dominant influence in sus
taining prices. The «->:pectation was rather
general that a movement to tai*? profits would
develop during the duy. The prolonged con
tinuance of the rise and the Imminence of a
hoiidny both suggested the likelihood of a
protit-taking movement. Speculators as a rule
ere averse to leaving their mor.ey tied up in
the ttock market over » prolonged holiday and
loans made to-day cany over until Wednes
day next. The Londun market this morning
showed depression on the eve of the holiday
and this emphasized the lmprt»sion of yester
day's rather char] 1 selling movement near the
close here. Professional operators there fell
upon the market at the opening, but they made
scarcely more than a momentary impression.
Powerful 6upr»ort was forthcoming at the de
cline and before the end of the day the tide
of prices had turned strongly upward again.
The existence of a short Interest formed yes
terday had something to do with the resiliency,
ats the bears were very timid about leaving
accounts open over tht holidays. The con
tinued ease of money ln spite of the carrying
over of loans until Wednesday and the favor
able forecast of the bank statement gave the
final Slip to the market and it closed ani
mated and strong at about the top level, the
late proSt-taklng Biles being confidently ab
i-orbed. Northern Pacific cold ex-divldend and
recovered Etrnngly from yesterday's late re
action. But the top price was &4. which .was
f-hort of yesterday's price by half a point.
The extraordinary speculation in Northern Pa
cific lc based on the benefit to accrue from
the retirement of the preferred stock, cancel
ing its privilege to fchare net earnings in ex
ce?« of 4 per cent on the common. This called
AVtc York Stock Market.
* *
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— Wheat prices were main
tained the greater part of the session and the
undertone was a trifle easy. With Liverpool
firm, Argentine shipments smaller than the
week Drevlous. with moderate Northwest re
ceipts and an unusually heavy export flour de
mand reported from Minneapolis, May opened
only %c higher at 73ji73%c. and then quickly
slumped to 72%c. Here the ehorts began to
, take cocnlzance of the situation as shown by
the early news and a reaction began. This
was helped along later by reports of an ex
port demand and by St. Louis purchasing,
under which May rallied to 73%c. The bulge
met the usual profit-taking, but the close was
steady, May %o, higher at 73@73%c.
Corn was heavy and dull, both for near and
distant future?. December was for sale at the
start and there seemed to be no demand. The
close was l%c under yesterday at 3S94c. Janu
ary closed %c down at 36*4c May %@Vic
lower at 33%(836c.
Oats were dull. May closed unchanged.
Provisions were quiet. The market opened
fairly steady, but eased later ln sympathy with
a decline in hogs and the slump in corn. Janu
ary pork closed 6c lower; lard 5c lower and
ribs 2%<g'5c down. •
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— • Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 3—
December 69% 70% 69% 70
January '70% 70% 70% 70%
May 73% .73% . 72% 73ft
Corn No. 2 — • .
December 40*i 40% 38 ' 38%
January 36H 36% 36% 36<4
May ' 36% 38% 35% 36
Oats No. 2— ' .. - ' ." fiS • ' f
December 21%
January 21% 21% 21% 21%
May ,.. 23% 23% 'B% , 23%
j Mess Pork, p*r barrel—
January 12 20
May 12 12% 12 12% 12 10 12 12%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
December 7 20 7 20 7 17H 7 17%
January 6 85 6 87% 6 82% 6 82%
May .... .... 6 90
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
Jenuary 6 30 6 30 ¦ > 6 27% 6 30
May 6 35 6 35 6 35 6 35
Cash quotations were as "follows: ¦-. Flour,
quiet and unchanged; No. 3 spring wheat, 69®
70%c; No. 2 red, 71*4<&74ViC: No. 2 corn, S8%c:
No. 2 yellow, 38}fcc; No. 2 oats, 22%c; No. I
white, 23%@23%c; No. 3 white, 24%@25%c; No.
2 rye, 50%@51c; fair to choice malting, 525? 58c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 58; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 60;
prime timothy seed, $4 40; mess pork, per bar
rel,- *11 12%®11 25: lard, per 100 pounds. »6 92%®
6 So; short-rib sides (loose), S6 2306 SO; dry
Falted shoulders (boxed). J5 87%i36 12%; short
clear sides (boxed), $6 65@6 75; whisky, basts
of high wines, Jl 27; clover, contract grade,
$10<gl0 25. /
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .40,000 34,000
Wheat, bushels: .....182,000 13.C00
Ccrn. bushels 375,000 88,000
Oats, bushels 2S4.COO &8.000
Rye, bushels 5,000 4,000
Berley, bushels .... .....67,000 16,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creamery, 15<g23%c; dairy.
12'A@2Oc. Cheese, quiet. ..10*i@ll%c Eggs,
qu}et; fresh, 20c. -, . "
1. % * __^ ; «.
POTATOES— River Reds, 75ij?83c; ¦ Burbanka,
35©30c for River and $1©1 23 per ctl for Sa-
-':, Potatoes continue weak and Onions steady.
lx>* "Angeles Vegetables are still j bringing high
prices^. ¦¦'¦¦--::'¦-_' '/.''¦'¦_:¦-'¦--¦_¦-.-¦/¦ '¦ .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50®2 75; Canary,
3V4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa; 7%®9%c: Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp. 4@4V>c;
Timothy. 4@4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Ntles,/ $2<?2 50; Green. J2 70
@3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal, v
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos. 12 60®2 75; Small White.
$4 33C-I CO:' Large White. $3 60@3 73; Pink,- $2 10
®2 13; Red, ?2 75I&3; Blackeye, $3; Llmas, S5 35©
5 40; Pea, $4 26®4 50; Red Kidney, |3 7504 per
cti. ¦-¦¦•' -•.;>¦¦ - .•:;¦'. -.¦'. . : ¦•'•¦•-:.
There - lo nothing new in Beano, aside from
the 1 usual slight fluctuations from day to day.
The feeling continues firm.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer, |5@8; Wheat, " $11©13 50;
Wheat and Oat. |10®12 50; Oat, $9@12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa. JSS'9 50; ¦ Barley. $7 5O®3 50
per ton. ¦'
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton: Ollcaka Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
$26 &0: Cocoanut Cake, J17@18; jCorn Meal, *26®
26 50; Cracked Corn. S26 50®27; Mixed Feed, S15
@16. ' • ,
MIDDLINGS-Jlfi f»0@19 60 per ton
Hay continues soft under liberal arrivals.
There ls nothinc new in Feedstufts.
BRAN— *14 50@15 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25
@3 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75®2 85 pet 1 barrel for family and
$2 75® 3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers", $2 75
@3. • ¦
MILLSTUFFS-r-Prices ln sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Orahara
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour.' $2 75; Rye
Meal, ?2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. J2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50: Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 0C<i?3 73: Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 23-
Cracked Wheat. 13 50; Farina, :4 50; Who:e
Wheat Flour, ?3 2*>: Rolled Oats (barrels), fflft
7 25; ln sacks, Jo 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $3 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— December (1901)— 2000 ctls,
71%C.
OATS— Firmly held, but dull. White, $1 30®
1 50; Surprise. nominal; Red, $1 2501 40
for Feed and $1 35@1 45 for 8eed: Gray, nom
inal; Black, for Feed, $1 15@1 20; for Seed. Jl 25
@1 30 per ctl.
CORN— There Is no demand of any conse
quence. Yellow, $1 15; White, fl 10; Eastern
mixed. |1 12% per ctl.
RYE— 85@*7%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at tl 7B@2 per ctl.
Feed. 75c for choice bright, 72%c -for No. 1 and
67V4©7°c for oft grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%@S2%c;. Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 6000 ctls,
$1 03%.
Second Session— May— 2C00 ctls, $1 03%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. •
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 03%;
2000, $1 03%.
BARLEY— There Is nothing new to report.
The feeling is steady.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 96*4@97%c; milling, $1
@1 02% per ctl.
WHEAT— The world's markets are seldom
as lifeless as at present. There is no news
from any country.
The only life at Chicago was eome purchas
ing by St. Louis,
This market was nominal.
IV heat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 82
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83%
S?terllnsr Cables « — 4 86%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Fine Silver, per ounce. A — 63%
Mexican Uoliars, nominal 50% @ 51
Exchange and Bullion.
Butter and Eggs are steadily cheapening and
will continue to decline right along now un
less the weather should become highly unfav
orable.
The market is freely supplied with Turkeys,
which are arriving from the East m large
quantities. Other poultry stands about aa be
fore. Game has been considerably cheaper of
late, and has been hawked about the streets
very low durine the past week.
Ttere Is nothing new to report in Meats.
The scarcity continues, however, and it costs
more to eat meat than it did a year or so
ago. • •»
Summer Vegetables from the southern part of
the State are in smaller supply and rather
dearer.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ @12 00 Southfleld
Wellington .. ©U 00 Wellington ©11 00
Seattle 9 00® Coos Bay @ 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter. choice,sq.50'S60 Common Eggs ..SO'533
Do good 43'3— Ranch Eggs, per
Pickled 35®40 dozen J3@40
Tub. per lb litf*— Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal 15@:7l pound 13-a:i
Cheese. Eastern.. .17®C0 Do. extracted.. .10012
Cheese. Swiss 20@3a
Meats, per lb—
Bacon J2%©16!Round Steak 10#—
Beef, chotee 15«20 1 Sirloin Steak 150 —
Do. good —©12 Porterhouse do ...2O<5?—
Cornea Beef —^10 Smoked Beet —©15
Ham 13315 Pork, salt 12313
Lard —©13 Pork Chops 15@IS
Mutton 10012 Pork Sausages.. 12V, Q-0
Lamb —©12 Veal 12®U
Pork, fresh 15®-
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@S3 Doves, per dos..83e1in
Young Roosters, Quail, per daz $1 25
each 50®65 English Snipe, per
Old Roosters. ea..40<950 dozen $2#2 25
Fryers, each ,...40#45 Jack Snipe $1 75
Broilers, each 30«40 Mallard, pair 50373
Turkeys, per lb..lS®20 Canvasback 50@7.j
Ducks, each oO^f 80 ! Sprig jOc
Geese, each...$l 50@l 75 Teal 40(S50
Pigeons, pair 40050 Widgeon ... t 40050
Rabbits, pair 40@E0 'Small Duck ' 25©33
Hare, each — ©20 'Wild Ueese. pair. — <&M
Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds, per lb. .15(820 Lemons, do* 13ff23
Apples Vfp 5 Raisins, per lb....— <Q —
Bananas, doz ....2ft*?;") Strawberries, per
Oranges, doz lo^DO basket 15^20
Limes, per doa — 10@15 1 Walnuts, per lb. .15^20
Vegetables-
Asparagus, per \b3t"S— (Onions, per lb 3H t
Artichokes, dz75c@n 23 Okra. dried, lb...— @^
Beets, do* ..'. io<e»— Peppers, green, lb t'alo
Beans, white, lb..l5@20 Potatoes, per lb. in —
colored, per Ib.I'W— (Rhubarb, per lb. .— @13
Lima, per lb.... 8"910 Sweet Potatoes. lb 3y—
Cabbage, each .. 5<#— Parsnips, per da.l0<a>—
Cauliflowers, ea... a&— Radishes.dz bchs.l3#2>
Celery, head 54p— Sage, dnz bnchs..2."-f?r>
Cress, doz bnchs.l5@20 String Beans, lb. .13#20
Cucumbers, pr dzl53C3 Thyme, per lb 2iajl)
Egg Plant. Ib 1<V313 Turnltm, per rt*. .in«—
Green Peas, lb 8@15 Tomatoes, per Ib..l0<3i;
Lettuce, per doa.U'SIu
' Fish-
Barracuda 12!gi;!Shad S®10
Carp 8310 Sea Bass — 4U
Codflsh 12I&13 'Smelts 1?<8—
Flounders 10@12!Soles 10<g—
Halibut lOiSlSj Skates, each S®12
Klngflsh 9®— Tomcod — <5l5
Mackerel 13g— Clams, gallon 50*3—
Do. Horse ....12%#— Do. hardshell, lb 8®l0
Perch 10012 Crabs. e«ch 12>4Q —
Pomplno 90<3 — J Do. sottsbell, <J*40'«* —
Rockfish 12%t"5— Mussels, quart.... 19V)
Salmon, fresh ....20® — Oysters. Cal. 100.40JP)
Do. smoked ....— <ftl» Do. Eastern. dz.^QiJ
Shrimps 8©10
' »
Family Retail Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Experts of Canned Goods.
Exports of Canned Goods from this port dur
ing the first eleven months of the year amoun.
ed to 73,451 cases, agahist 744,6^0 during the
6£me time last year. Great Britain took th«
balk cf this year's shipments— 515,090 cases.
Experts of Salmon.
Exports of Salmon from this port during the
first eleven months of the year amounted to
TO7.447 case; and 15.3W packages, valued at
$3,o40.6CK>. acrainst 50i.7tk> cases and 23.&U0 pa*-k
. -•- at ] :'.'..Tv during the same time last,
year.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN TRANCISCO. Dec. 21— 5 p. m.
The folte>w:ng are the seasonal rainfalls to
<Jtte, as compared with those of the same date
ltst reason, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
i Last I This i Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours, Season. ! Season.
1 U!>ka 24 20.01 25.36
lied Bluff .01 fe.71 ».-,*
Sacramento 04 fc.04 9.©t)
£<ar. Francisco .«# 7.22 9.C7
rr»fno 01 5.43 4.47
I;.d>i>en<1ence 2.27 1.67
baa Luis ObiFpo b.v2 9.33
L/i* Angeles 6.7i* 3.3a
S^n Diego » 1.73 J.h2
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
6": minimum. ZS; mean. hC.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The preys-jre has risen rapidly over Oregon
fi.d Washington and Vancouver Island. Dur
ing the past twenty-four hours there has been
a rise of more than half an inch from the
California line northward. Over Southern
California. Arizona and Utah there has been
& sharp Sail.
The temperature has fallen over nearly all
of the Pacific tJope. In Northern Nevada
tlifre has been a fall of from 14 to IS degrees.
Showers have fallen at many stations west
ct the Rocky Mountains.
The following maximum wind velocities are
x~?lKirted: Neah Bay. 3f> miles per hour from
the west; Carson City. 26 from the southwest;
Independence, 26 from the west; Salt Lake
City. 4S from the north.
The river at Red Bluff Is at a stage of 18.4
IVet and is beginning to fall.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
h' ur* ending midnight, December 22. 1900:
Northern California — Fair Saturday; cooler in
the interior; light northerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday; pos
t'.bly light showers in the interior; cooler Sat
urday night; light southerly winds.
Nevada — Fair, colder Saturday.
Utah— Fair, colder Saturday.
Arizona— Cloudy, unsettled weather Satur
<li.y; [wiwlWr light showers.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
ligfct northerly winds. ,
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
California dried fruits ' were Inactive but
steady ai<d nominally quoted at 3%@4%c per
pound for prunes, as to sl?e and quality.
Apricots— lloyal. ll<?14c; ¦ Moorpark, 15@16c.
Peaches— Peeled, 16® 20c; unpeeled, 6®9c.
There was a fairly active sales movement
again to-day for evaporated apples, with a
steady undertone prevalent. Advices from the
country were favorable to buyers. Prices, how
ever, were not quotably lower, but conces
sions were freely granted on large lots. State
common was quoted at 4@5c; prime, 4%@5c;
fancy, 6@ 7c.
DRIED FRUITS
KGGS — Receipts, 5S56 packages. Market
steady; State, 24Q25c; Western regular pack-
Ing at mark, 20ff23%c; Western, loss off, 2ic.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3654 packages. Market
steady; creamery, 17(g25c; June creamery, 17@
25c; factory. HHgiec.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice, 6%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%@13%c. The market
for futures closed unchanged to 5 points
lower. Total sales, 14,2r>0 bags. Including:
December. $5 50; January. $5 50; May, $5 80;
July. $5 90; September, $5 95; October, |6.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 213,525 bushels; exports.
7P55. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 78%c f. a b.
piloat and 7B%o elevator; No. 1 Northern,
S3%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. 87%c
f. o. b. afloat. Options, after a steady open-
Ing on English cables, reflected subsequent de
pression under weak French markets and
afternoon business on rather small Northwest
receipts, an export demand In the Southwest
and a good flour business reported at Minneapo
lis. Closed steady at Vic net advance. March.
7S*iffi79%c, closed 79%c; May, 7S%©79 l-16c.
ciosed 79c; December, 77@77*sc, closed 77c..
HOPS-Firm.
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,246 barrels; exports, 10,817. Neglected and
mere or less nominal, closing steady.
Business ¦ ln the markets • here ' to-day was
clack, restricted by the . impending holidays
NEW YORK. Dec. 2L— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cabl errant says:'
London Market,
NEW YORK, Dec. 21. — Close: Money on call,
steady at B®6 per cent; last loan. S per cpnt.
Prime mercantile paper. 4%@5 per cent Ster
ling exchange, steady, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 P4 for demand and $4 83%0>
4 «W4 for elxty d»y». Posted rates. $4 S1H and
$4 85%. Commercial bills. $4 79%©4 80%. Silver
certificates, 64@C5c. Mexican dollars. 60c Gov
ernment bonds, irregular; State bonds, Inac
tive; railroad bonds, irregular. ¦
New York Money Market.
2,200 Minneapolis & Et Louis 68
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 102%
57,100 Missouri Pacific 68%
3.100 Mobile & Ohio 4/
4.2O0 Missouri Kansas & Texas 16%
29.000 Missouri Kansas &- Texas prefd 44%
5,000 New Jersey Central 145H
3.000 New York Central 142>*
5,500 Norfolk & Western 44H
100 Norfolk £ Western prefd J»2y,
75.700 Northern Pacific 83M
11.200 Northern Pacinc prefd <!!»
19,500 Ontario & Western 23%
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
6.700 Pennsylvania 14S*g
4.400 Heading I S*%
17.«>00 Reading 1st prefd 68T*
3.C00 Reading 2d prefd S6% j
Rio Grande Western 65 «
Rio Grande Western prefd 94
8.CG0 St Louis and San Fran 23*;
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 7t>U
2.200 St LoUis & San Fran 2d prefd 54&
2.300 Louis Southwestern 17
6.S0O St Louis Southwestern prefd 40%
63.100 s*t Paul : 134H
ZOO St Paul prefd lSiy.
St Paul & Omaha 125
123.KK) Southern Pacific 44%
25.500 Southern Railway £)%
11.000 Southern Railway prefd 71%
2.1-00 Texae & Pacific 2ji»
46,400 Union Pacific 77«i
6.700 Union Pacinc prefd tZ%
6.900 Wabash .„ U%
3.C03 Wabash prefd 24*4
1S.S00 Wheeling & Lake Erie 13<*
3.300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd . .. S1U
2,2tK> Wisconsin Central 75%
Third Avenue 117
2C0 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 85
500 National Tube 61%
30u National Tube prefd 103H
Express Companies —
Adams 150
100 American 180
100 United States 5S
We-!Is-Fargo 136
Miscellaneous —
3,100 American Cotton Oil 31%.
American Cotton Oil prefd 91
100 American Malting 5
400 American Malting prefd 26
3.200 American Smelting & Refng 54%
1.2<X» Amer Smelt & Refng prefd. ex dlv.. S6H
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
1.9(0 American Steel Hoop 30%
American Steel Hoop prefd 76V4
9.000 American Steel & Wire 43%
200 American Steel & Wire prefd S7»4
10,808 American Tin Plate 53%
American Tin Plate prefd 89%
17.700 American Tobacco 111%
500 American Tobacco prefd 135
1.500 Anaconda Mining Co 48
71.000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 80*4
11.200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 53%
8,900 Continental Tobacco 3SH
900 Continental Tobacco prefd 92
12.CO0 Federal, Steel 5334
15,000 Federal Steel prefd 78**4
3.100 General Electric 193
2.000 Glucose Sugar 45 ,
Glucose Sugar prefd... 92
700 International Paper 24Vi
1.400 International Paper prefd 72
Laclede Gas 1 72
400 National Biscuit 37»4
National Biscuit prefd 90>4
200 National Lead 19%
100 National Lead prefd 92H
7.4O0 National Steel 39>4
200 National Steel prefd 92V4
300 New York Air Brake 164
3.600 North American 19*4
Pacific Coast 69Vi
Pacific Coast 1st pr*fd $S
....... Pacinc Coast 2d prefd 66
700 -Pacific Mall .¦ 42%
9,500 People's Gas 99%
Pressed Steel Car 39
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 81*4
200 Pullman Palace Car 201
100 Standard Rope & Twine 5
11T.S0O Sugar 131%
• 300 Sugar prefd 116
S.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 62%
21,000 United States Leather 13%
400 Untted States Leather prefd 74%
1,600 I'hited States Rubber 28
COO United States Rubber prefd 79%
.200 Western Union 83%
600 Republic Iron & Steel Co 16
1.200 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 62*4
P C C & St Louis 55
9.115 Amalgamated Copper 93
1.272.2C0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding, V T Cent lsts 109*4
reg 105 N" J Cent gen 5s. ..129
do coup 105*j No Pac 3s 71%
- do 3s reg 110 do 4a V.105%
do coup 110 N'T C & St L 4s. .108
do new 4s reg....l3S«4 Norf & W con 4s.. 99%
do coup I — 138*4 Or Nav lste Ill
do old 4s reg 115 do 4s 102%
do coup 116 Or S Line 6s 129%
do 5s reg 113V- do con 5s 11R>,;
do coup 113V* Reading gen 4s ... 93%
Dis of Col 3.65s.. ..125 R G W lsts 101
Atchison gen 4s ..1024 St L & I M con 5s.ll4*4
do adj 4s 88*4 St L & S F gen 6s. 129
Can-So 2ds ...: 109 St Paul cons ....180
Ches & Ohio 4%s-.104 st P C & Pac lsts. 120%
do 5s ....'. 120% do 5s 122^4
C & N W con 7s. ..139% So Pac 4s S2V4
do S F deb 5s. ...123 So Railway 6s ....114
Chi Term 4s 94>.i S Ror>e & T 6s.... 70
Colo So 4s 85 Texas & Pac lsts. .114
D & R G 4s 101% do 2ds 85
Erie gen 4s 96 Union Pac 4s 107*4
Ft W & D C lsts. 80*4 Wabash lsts 117%
Gen Elec 5s 145 do 2ds 108 -
Iowa Cent lsts 115VJ West Shore 4s 114%
L & Nash unl 4s.. 101 V* Wls Cent lsts S9%
U K & T 2as 76% Va Centuries 96
do 48 94%
MINING STOCKS.
I Adams Con 20|Leadville Con 03
| Alice 40JLlttle Chief IS-
Breece 2 00 Ontario 6 00
Brunswick Con ... 14 Ophlr 60
Comstock Tunnel.. 03 Phoenix .' 10
Con Cal & Va...... 1 33 Savage 03
Deadwood Terra .. 55 Sierra Nevada .... 25
Horn Silver 1 WlPmall Hopes SO
.Iron Silver. 65lStandard 3 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 77%
Call loans 4V4©5»4 Union Land 36
Time loans &Vi@G Weet End 93
Stocks— Westlngh Elec .... 55*4
Atchison <z\i Bonds
do prefd S7% Atchison 4s 101*4
Aro Sugar 135 N E G & Coke 6s.. 62%
do prefd 115% Mining shares —
I Bell Telephone ....154 Adventure 10%
I Boston & Albany.. 253 Allouez Mln Co .. 2%
Boston Elevated ..167\4 Amalg Copper ....-92 1,
Bosfon & Maine... 195%! Atlantic 77
C B & Q -.143% I Boston & Mont 321
Dom Coal 26% Butte & Boston... 82
do prefd ...... ...108H Calumet & HecIa..810
Fed Steel 63^ Centennial »%
do prefd 7$4 Franklin 15*4
FUchburg prefd ..138% Humboldt DO
Gen Electric 194% Osceola 72%
do prefd .........146 Parrot 48%
Ed Elec 111 217 Qulncy .173%
Mex Cent 14%jSanta Fe Copper... 6^
Mich Telephone ... 85 'Tamarack .317
N E O & Coke.... 12%lUtah Mining 33%
Old Colony 20 Wlnona 414
Old Dominion 59 Wolverines 4514
Rubber SS
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
December 21, 1900, with the percentage of in
crease and decrease, as compared with the cor
responding week last year:
Percentages.
Cities— Amount. Ino. Dec.
New York..... $1,479,850,936 .... •••
Boston 141.940,364 .... 7.6
Chicago 143.456.06S .... «.»
Philadelphia 112,538,914 2.6 ....
St. Louis 41,609,813 17.2 ....
PIttsburg 35,923,274 12.1 ...I
Baltimore 24,335,582
San Francisco 22.614,186 18.1 ....
Cincinnati 17,084,850 4.1
Kansas City 20,123.628 41.7 ....
New Orleans 17,668,462 24.8
Minneapolis 13.018,276 3.3 ....
Detroit 9.198,050 ».9
Cleveland 12,264,921 6.8 ....
Louisville 9 805 264 16.0
Providence 7.177,900 .... 16.5
Milwaukee 6,973.550 .... 10.0
St. Paul 5.185.607 .... ....
Buffalo e.155,713 8.4 ....
Omaha 6.316.337 3.3 ....
Indianapolis 7,13S,841 15.4 ....
Columbus, 0 6.C67.200 6.3
Savannah 5.603,556 42.9
Denver 4.350,451 10.2
Hartford 2.163,4«2 24.1
Richmond 3.695.699 19 9 ...-.
Memphis 4,207,900 41.3
Washington . 3,153,337 4.9
Peoria 2,600,330 35.1
Rochester 2.302.376 .... 18.7
New Haven "1,525,607 .... '
Worcester 1,697.563 16.4 ....
i Atlanta 2.696.8S5 20.4
Salt Lake City 3.026.3S1 11.3 t ....
Springfield. Mass... 1,356.639 3.2
Fort Worth 2,321,176 3.7 ....
Portland. Me 1.261.412 3.6
Portland. Or 2.4S3.6G6 35.2 .... -
St. Joseph 4.063.6S2 .... 4.8
Los Angeles 2,791.016 44.6
Norfolk 1.476.702 S0.2
Syracuse 1.CS6.I96 .... 11.9
Des Moines 1.631,659 7\8 ' ....
Nashville 1,659,207 7.5 ....
Wilmington, Del... * 1,021,394 3.9
Fall River 1,078,163 16.9
Scranton " 1,345.770 tf.7
Grand Rapids 1.353,738 ' 3.5
Augusta, Ga 2.36S.944 78. 3
Lowell 692.696 e.6
Dayton. O I 1.162.S71 10.7
Seattle 2.030,971 3.5 ....
Tacoma 1.126,649 " 9.7 ....
Spokane 1.114,849 21.3 ....
Sioux City 1,423,742 8.2 ....
New Bedford 540,777 13.4 ....
KnoxvIHe, Tenn.... 589,895 12.4 ...
Topeka " 1,082,249 32.4
Birmingham 1,031.977 .... 24 1
Wichita 514,674 2.8
Binghamton 42S.0O0 9 1
Lexington. Ky 530.633 1.5
Jacksonville, Fla... 323,800 6.6
Kalamazoo 411,737 9.0 ....
Akron 516,300 19.4
Chattanooga 4S.875 12 9
Rockford. Ill 259.121 ' 3 7
Canton. 0 329,000 25.0
Springfield, 0 381,548 12.3 ' ....
Fargo, N. D 553,592
Sioux Falls, S. D... 182.996 18.1 ....
Hastings. Nebr 173,497
Fremont. Nebr 200.100 21.2 ....
-Davenport 922,266
Toledo 2,272,942 1.7 ....
Galveslon $,240,000 10.5
j Houston 9.151.610 5.1
Helena 931,766 6.4 . .
Evansvllle 971,546 2.1
Macon 835,000 2.2
Little Rock * 239.3S6 37.3
Springfield. Ill 562,605 , 33.8
Youngstown, 0 355,545 30.3
Colorado Springs... 944,012 .... ....
Totals. U. S.... $2, 226, 197, 373 ~O1 ~
Totals outside N. Y. 746,346.437 1.6 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $16,3SO,S10 ....
Toronto 11,235.339 " 1.2
AVlnnipeg 2.530.573 18 8
Halifax 1,576.697 1.9
Hamilton 904.106 .... %\
St. John. N. B 717.367 1.1 . .
Vancouver 591.590 '..'.'.
Victoria 532,815 9.6 ..'.'.
Totals $34,801,299 .... ~\A.
Flour, qr aks 21. 13S 1 Straw, tons 10
Wheat. ctl» 12.2SO;Hops. bales 81
Barley, ctls l.lOOiChlcory bbls 2.".
Oats, ctls 82S|HI<1es. No 3n'.
Beans, sks 6«2iPelts. bdls. ....... 222
Potatoes, sks 4.34(>iWine. gals 48.2"»>
Onions, sks 308 j Leather, rolls M2
Bran, sks 720 (Quicksilver, flska S3
Middlings, ska... 1.263 1 Ralaino. bx.s l.r.00
Hay. tons 7S1 Lime. bbl».. ...... 1S3
FOR FRIDAY. DECEMBER Jl.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, «.15c; Powdered. 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c; Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.63c; Magnolia A, 5.23c: Extra C.
5.13c: Golden C. S.Coc: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes, 30c mere; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels cr its equivalent. Dominoes, half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes. «.65c per lb.
assured of a sufficiency this winter. The pres
ent daily output of fuel oil ln this State is
fully 12,000 barrels. Computing say four bar
rels (it is somewhat less) to the ton of aver
age coal for steam production, it can be read
ily seen that a number of large coal con
sumers ore now substituting oil. Coal produ
cers have little fear that they will not find
an outlet for their output in 1971. although oil
may prove a formidable competitor; their sales
this year are in excess of last, and the gen
eral Increased fuel demand from a number of
eonrces promised in the near future will prob
ably make 1301 the banner year for volume of
coal sales. Australtan and English shipments
are becoming exceptionally scarce, as their
high import cost precludes th»ir finding buyers
at covering figures. It ls many years since the.
Swansea loading berth for San Franei«co was
vacant, only one vessel now en route. The
last Welsh quotations for freight, cost, etc.,
landed here, foot up over $3 per ton. making
it a luxury instead of a necessity."
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Hefining Com
pany quotes, per lb. ln 100-lb bags:
Failures for the week were 293 in the United
States, against 220 last year, and 18 in Canada,
against- 26 last year."
Wheat ls quiet, receipts aggregating 4,802,779
bushels, against 3,306.289 last year, while At
lantic exports were 2.701.412 bushels (flour in
cluded), against only 1,536.164 bushels in the
same week of 1899.
Instead of the holiday quiet in the wool
market, the last week's figures of sales at the
three chief Eastern markets amount to 7,238,
000 pounds, against 6,785,000 pounds in the pre
ceding week, and 5,627,400 pounds two weeks
ago. Prices are steady, but show no recovery
from the recent decline, and manufacturers
purchase only raw material to fill orders. An
other decline appeared ln hides at Chicago,
taking the average back to the level prevailing
two months ago. Leather was also easier.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— R. O. Dun St Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow . will say:
Better weather conditions on the Atlantic : sea
board and pronounced activity in distribution
of all staple lines of merchandise at Southern
cities have imparted a slightly more aggres
sive tone to general business. Distinctive holi
day business, which at this period of the sea
son means retail distribution, has shown fur
ther improvement and no complaint is heard
from any quarter, while the jewelry trade ls
much more active than for several years past.
Lnchanged conditions in the leading manufac
turing industries during the last week before
the holidays mean much. At this time in or
dinary years furnaces close down in large num
bers and dullness ls general at mills, and shops
where iron and steel are handled. Instead of
reductions of working force or concessions ln
price this year, however, reports from the
principal cities indicate the existence of con
tracts that will take months to fill and new
sales are made at the. former level, despite
much talk of cheaper ore next year.
Other industries exhibit the same indifference
to precedent..
Dun's, Reviezv. of Trade.
and the settlement. The American department
was a very notable exception, the dealings ln
these shares being th^ most active remembered
in London for many years. ,
In the. street prices continued to bound up
wildly, but the larger houses here think that
the movement has now been overdone, the pub
lished news not being sufficient to Justify so
great an advance.
CLOSING
LON.OOS, Dee. 21. — Atchison. 45%; Canadian
Pacinc. W\; Union Pacific preferred, 85%;
Isorthern Pacific preferred. 92%; Grand Trunk,
6%c; Anaconda, 10; bar sliver, steady at 29>^d
per ounce; money, 303% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.-To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve ln the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $134,937,920; gold, $104,678,259.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange as before. Silver lower.
Wheat and Barley quiet and unchanged.
Nothing nczi.' in the miner cereals.
Hay soft under liberal arrivals. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans /irmly held, but quiet.
Potatoes weak, Onions steady and Southern Vegetables firm.
Butter and Eggs continue to decline. Cheese firm.
Tat cars Eastern dressed Turkeys arrived thus far this week.
Game continues dull, zvith ample receipts.
Oranges sold rather lower at the auction.
Lemons and Limes unchanged.
Nothing nezv in Dried Fruits and Raisins.
Wool, Hides and Hops dull and unchanged.
Meat market as prrjiously quoted.
Local stocks and bonds still quiet.
Oil stocks firm and selling well.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Canadian failures for the week number 28,
against IS last week. 29 in this week a year
ago. 34 in 1S98. and 30 ln 1897.
Business failures In the United States for the
week number 260 aa against 247 last week. 211
8<ff w6ek a year ago, 212 in 1898, and 280 ln
the. price of the cash article. Cotton, follow
ing the reasoning as to a large supply being
needed to satisfy even a much , reduced con
sumption, few signs of which are yet presented
and favored by smaller receipts. Is slightly
higher on the week, and quotations are now
about where they were before the late break.
Wool is fairly . active, mostly for Territory
grades, but the woolen goods situation ls still
unchanged. Lumber is dull at retail but firm
ly held by wholesalers, who look for a good
trade next year. Bad weather restricts logging
operations in • the Northwest. Eastern shoe
manufacturers are well supplied with orders
and leather ls firm, but hides are generally re
ported dull and easier.
Wheat i (Including flour) shipments for the
week aggregate 4,123.350 bushels, against 4,785.
o.i bushels last week, 2.813.714 bushels in the
corresponding week of 1899, 5.513.231 in 1898, 4.
7;.7,559 bushels 'in 1897, and 2.011.703 bushels in
1S96. From July 1 to date this season, wheat
exports are 90,140,353 bushels, against 100,383,636
bushels last season, and 115,236,084 bushels ln
LOCAL MARKETS.
TACOMA. Dec. 21.— WHEAT— Quiet and
6teady; Blue Stem, 56%c; Club, 53%c. ~
PORTLAND, De<«. 21.— Buyers are still pay
ing 54c and oUfcc for Walla Walla and 07c for
Blue Stem, with a fairly free selling move
ment. .
Cleared— British ship Astracana, with 91.S24
bushels of wheat; German. bark Ellbek, with
136,493 bushels of wheatk both for Queenstown.
XT* A CUTVfr«TAV .
OREGON-
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Dec. 21.— Clearings, $342,503; bal
ances. $14,957.
Portland's Business.
WHEAT— Spot, quiet: No. 1 California, 6s
2%d: No. 2 red winter. 5s ll^d; No. 1 Northern
spring. 6s 2H<3- Futures— Quiet: February, 6s
'/4d; March, 6a %d; May, nominal.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new,
4s 11 Hd; do old. 4s i£d. Futures— Quiet ; Janu
ary, 2s 10%d; March, 3s 9d.
CLOSING,
LONDON, Dec. 21.— Consols, 9814^ Silver.
29%d; French rentes, lOlf 30c; wheat cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; Walla Walla. 28s
9d; English country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 21.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2%d<56s 3d; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour in. Paris., weak; French
country markets, dull.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— There was no Indi
cation in the forenoon of the squeeze of De
cember shorts, and not until nearly mid-after
noon did the storm break which carried De
cember to S10 25. as against ?9 S3. last night's
price. On the opening the market was quiet
and firm, with prices unchanged to 5 points
higher. Professional profit-taking set ln. and
before the first half hour had elapsed . prices
fell sharply 8®10 points. The afternoon was
firm without Indicating special new feature*.
Offerings appeared to have entirely withdrawn,
and not until $10 25 was reached could holders
be induced to sell sufficient cotton to abate
the alarm of oversold room operators. Talk
of J10 50 for December before delivery helped
to intensify the excitement. At the close the
market was barely eteady. with prices net 22
points higher to 5 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
BOSTON. Dec. 21.— The Commercial Bulletin
to-rriorrow will cay of the wool market: !
The. market is steady and the sales compare
favorably with those of a year ago in the same
week. Most of the business done has been ln
the shape of large blocks of Montana, Oregon
and Idaho wool to one or two large mills. The
American "Woolen Company has bought- but
sparingly. Prices are firm and London cables
note private sales at advancing figures. Stocks
On hand are large.
The sales for the week were 8.727,600 pounds
domestic and 260.500 pounds foreign, & total of
3,988,100 pounds for this week, against a total
of -3,881,000 pounds last week, and a total of
3,804,000 pounds for the corresponding week last
year. The receipts to date show a decrease of
819.220 bales domestic and an increase of 47,377
bales foreign against last year.
The sales to date show a decrease of 157,835.600
pounds domestic and 35,197,800 pounds foreign.
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— Trading was on the
whole very slow in the local metal markets and
of a holiday character. Sentiment was still
of a bearish nature, despite another rise of £2
at London as the result of a speculative move
ment ln tin. the close there being firm at £18
5s. Though the local market responded with
an advance of 50 points, It was only in a nonf
inal way, as tin was freely offered at $26 50.
which was the closing figure, but found few
takers. Copper on the London exchange was
again a shade higher and steady at £71 ISs 7d.
but failed to. Influence. the market to any ex
tent, prices remaining unchanged. Lead was
dull and nominally unchanged at $4 37%, while
abroad there was an advance of 2s 6d shown.
A .loss of 2s fid at. London for spelter to £19
10s shows that price to be the lowest for the
year, but the local situation rated very slow
at $4 12%@4 17&. Iron in England was dull,
with Glasgow quoted at 61s and MIddlesbpro
71s 6d. In domestic classes the iron 'market
was weak, no Important features, ruling dull
and nominally unchanged.
Plgiron warrants, $9 50010 50; Northern
foundry. $15@16 60; Southern country, $.10 oO<i?
10 75; soft Southern. $15@15 75.
New York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000 head; sheep and
lambs, active," steady to strong.' Good to
choice wethers, $3 70@4 25; fair to choice mixed.
$3 15@3 65; Western sheep. $3 60@4 20; Texas
sheep. »2 25@3 50; native lambs, $4@5 25; West
ern lambs, $4 &0@5 20. ¦
good to choice heavy, $4 7504 97% : rough and
heavj-, $4 60@4 70; light, $4 6o@4 92%; bulk of
sales. 14 8C<g4 92^4.
BAGS— San Quentin . Bags, js 65; Calcutta
Grain BaEs. June and July. 6%c; Wool Baza
2SHS32HC; Fleece Twine, 7tfc; Fruit Bass'
6%@C%c for white and *8»4@S%o for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $0 per ton- «?ni.»v,n t..
Wellington, $9; Seattle. J7: Bryant r^
Bay. $5 EO; Wallsend. 13; Co-operative ivaE?
end. $9: Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $11 4 .^
racks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Ekk ju Ti
rel. *10 per ton: Coke. «5 per ton fi DulWni
Harrison's circular saya: "During the w#*v
there have been three arrivals of coal Tr^T
British Columbia, with 8471 tons- thrt* rlV*
Washington, 7650 tons; one f? om ' Owgon 4^5
tons; one from Australia, 4150 tons- •total *T
C91 tons. There has been an incr^ed f fim a ¦;
this week for house grades which are T1 nd
delivered freely by Jobbers and^wilers at iSil
?,? ures - St f am ruel ls ln '»»*¦ supply -s^me or
the yards have « fair quantity oE hanTand
somo brands are, accumulating, hence w'« we
General Merchandise.
PORK-Live Hogs, 6J*c for small and 5»4c for
medium and 5%@5Hc for large; stock Ho tea and
feeders. 5©5Kc; dressed Hogs, 7%e8H C r
LAMB— 10@10%c per lb.
VEAL— Large. 8(89c; small. 9<510c per lb
MUTTON-Wethers. Wfc; Ewes. S^SDc per
lb. ¦ -i '
The market shows no variation.
BEEF— 7@Sc for steers and 6@7e per lb for
cows.
Sun Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under nuotatlon*. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c; medium, 9c; light, 8^4c; Cow
bides. 9c for heavy and 8Hc for light; Stags,
6Hc; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 9Hc; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 15U@16c; culls, 13H©14c;
Dry Kip, 15©16c; Dry Calf, 16@l6Hc; culls and
brands, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c
each; short Wool, 30@50c each; medium, 60@75c;
long Wool. 75c®$l each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 60
©2 75 for large and $2 25 for medium. Jl 25 for
small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75
for large, $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and
60c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins,
35c* fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
eklns. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c;
large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4Vsc per Ib; No.
I, S^c; grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15©16c; Northern, defective. 12
ei4e: Middle County, free. lS®16c: Middle
County, defective. 12@14c; Southern Mountain
12 months', 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free 7
months', ll#12c: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months", 9@llc; Humboldt and Mendocino'
16@17c: Nevada. 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6V4©8c: do Iambs S
C9c; Middle County, 9810c; Northern Mountain
free. 10011c; Southern Mountain, 7%®3Uc*
Humboldt and Mendocino, 11812c per lb.
HOPS— 12@16c per Ib.
All descriptions remain' as previously quoted,
and the markets are dull as usual at this tlm«
of the year. •
CURED MEATS— Bacon, H@llHc per lb for
heavy, HVi®12c for light medium. 12Vi@13c for
light. 13%@14c for extra light and 15®15%c for
EUgar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 11%??
12c: Mess Beef, 912 50 per barrel; extra Mess,
$13- Family, $14; extra Prime Pork. $16; extra
clear. $19 60; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef. ISc per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9Vic for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9%c: 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-!b tins, lOVic.
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel, 8»4c; three
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce, 7T«c; two tierces.
7%c; five tierces, 7Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa .Claras, 4 sizes. 3c:
40-Ms 7c: 50-60s. 6%c: 6O-70s. 3%e; 70-SOs. 3Vic;
S0-90S, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2%c; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles, Ho premium; Sonomas. %c and San Joa
qulns »4c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 8@
8c for Royals and 10@l»Hc tor Moorparks-
Evaporated Apples. 5#6c; sun-dried. S^gi^c:
Peaches, 4®5c for standard. 5@6c for choice
and 6%®7c for fancy; Bears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted, 5@*>Hc: unpltted. l@l>4c; Nectarines, 5@
5y.c for red and 5V»<g6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
bas established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard. &\c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 101-ic per lb; choice. 9Hc; standard. 8%c;
prime 8c; unbleached Sultanas. 8c: Seedless
50-lb boxes, 6%c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $150 per box: 3-crown. $160; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. J3. Alt
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
C *NUTS— Chestnuts. 7>4@9c per Ib for Italian:
¦Walnuts.' No. 1. softshell. lie: No. 2. 8c: No. 1
hardshell. 10c: tio. 2, 7%c; Almonds. 12®13c for
papershell. 9® lie for softshell: Peanuts. 5@6o
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. ll@13c: Cocoannts. $3 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. 13^©14Hc for bright and 12V4
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7%fiSc; light amber, extracted. 6%@7c; dark,
CfifViC per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
CRANBF.RRIES— Jerseys. $12; Wlsconslns.
J13 f«; Cape Cod. J14 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 50
®2 7R P«"" hnx.
CITRtTS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1.{?2 50;
Sredllngs. 75c(S$l 50: Tangerines. 73c@$l; Man
darins. tlfSl 25; Lemons. 2."< w i/$l 23 for common
and $1 50<ff2 50 for good to choice: GraDe Fruit.
75cfl$2; Mexican Limes. $4@4 50; California
Limes. SCttSci Bananas. ?1@2 per bunch; Pine
apples. $1@2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
PERSIMMONS — 10©90c per box.
Choice Spitzenberg Apples are bringing the
top quotation.
DKClijioL-S FRUITS—
APPI-KS— 20(360o pe,r box 'or common »n«t
63c*?$l 25 for good to choice: Spltzenbergs, $1®
1 75; Oregon Spltzenbergs, Jligl 25; Lady Ap
ples. $1 ts©3 per box.
PEARS— 35c@$l 50 per box.
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned, and
sales were made as follows: Fancy Navels,
$1 60@2 25: choice Navels, $1 35®1 83; standard
do. $1@1 25.
Strawberries came in again and sold at $70
10 for small and $3if?6 for large berries.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
F.GGS—
California ranch— Selected white, 35c; mixed
colors. 32 l 4c per dozen.
California Gathered — Fancy. 30c: standard.
28c; seconds, 24c.
Eastern— Fancy, ; standard. 30c; sec
t>?.<is. .
Storage— California fancy. 25c; standard, ;
Eastern, fancy, 26c; standard, ; seconds.
Keg — 20c per ib.
CHEESE— Fancy full cream. 13c: choice, lie
common, nominal; Toung Americas, 13^c
Eastern, full cream. 15©16Hc per lb.
HeceM't- a> •*p>"t»«i >.y thm JVMrV F-~* .-<-->.
were 19,700 lbs Butter. S63 cases California
Eggs. ' cases Eastern Eggs and 4400 lbs
Cheese.
HITTER—
Creamery— Extras, 27c; firsts, 25c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras. 23c: firsts. 21c; seconds, 19c;
store, 15c.
Storage — <7repm»rv »Ttra«. "ZHc; firsts. 21c;
seconds, 20c; dairy extras, 19c
Pickle— 20c per lb.
Butter Is off again, but the market is quoted
steady at the decline, stocks not being exces
sive. '¦ A few scattering orders are reported.
Cheese stands the same as for some time and
Is reported firm.
Another decline in Eggs is noted and the
market is weak at the reduction. While arri
vals are not heavy, there are enough here to
go around. There is an interior demand for
Eastern Eggs and some are being shipped to
Sacramento and Stockton.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13«4#14c for Gob
blers and 13V.@14e for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
13@16c; Geese", per pair. $1 5002: Goslings. $175
<3.l; Durks. &®*i f or o id nn d $4 50«*6 for young;
Hens. S3®5: Young Rooster*. $4 5t«r&: OM
Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers, I48'4 CO; Broilers,
l*\"K&4 f«r laree «dh j-Wt.vi f>w srnail:
Pigeons. $1 per dozen for old and J2®2 23 for
Squabs.
GAME- Quail. »1©1 25: Mallard. $3: Canvas
back. S3; Sprig. J2-B2 M: Teal. II 25@1 50;
Widgeon. Jl@l 25; Small Duck, ft; Black Jack.
*1 :3; Gray Geese. 13; White G*»ese, $lf?l EO;
Brant. $1 23®1 fO for rmal! and $1 702 for large:
Honkers. $4 30; English Snipe. $1 73@2: Jack
Snipe, SI 50: Hare. $1 25; Rabbits. $1 2S®1 50 for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush; Doves, 65@75c per
dozen. %
Poultry and Game.
Dressed Turkeys are still coming In freely
from the East, the arrivals thus far this week
amounting to about eight cars. More are to
follow. This Eastern stock Is being worked off
at 13U@i4c per lb. Receipts of California
Pressed Turkeys are liberal and the market Is
weak.
Live Poultry rules rather firm than other
wise, arrivals being moderate and the demand
good. ' '
Game continues out of favor and will prob
ably remain so as long as the Christmas tur
key has the floor. Prices continue low, though
arrivals are not heavy.
Una* and 50090c for Oregon: Sweets. 40®«0o
for Rivers and 75<©90c for Merced. - -~
ONIONS — *l 60@l 90 »cr ctl; Cut Onions, *i
@1 25 per ctl. • \ ,.
VEGETABLES-Green Peas. S<S10e P««" lb '
String Beans. 15c; Cabbage. 99c; Tomatoes.
II 50©2 for Los Angeles: Eg* Plant. Los An
geles, 10c per lb; Green Peppers from Lo* An
geles. 2HfT8c r*r lb: Dried Peppers. 9vUc:
Dried Okra. 10015c per lb; Carrots, 25®35c per
box; Cucumbers, 75c; Summer Squash. »l w.
Garlic. 4©Sc per lb; Marrowfat Squash. *12W
15 per ton; Mushrooms, S<313c per lb.
THE "SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1900.
Bank Clearings.
New York Grain and Produce.
Ch icago Gra in Ma rket.
Bradstreet's Financial Rcview.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
4,000
16,000
88,000
58.000
34,000
13, COO
10
AUCTION SALES
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO., Auctioneers,
n ajid 33 SUTTER STREET.
Telephone Main 6131.
Cash paid for Furniture, Carpets, Desks and
Merchandise to parties not wishing to wait tor
Auction Returns.
BOOKS ! BOOKS ! BOOKS !
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY. De-
cember 20th. 21st and 22d. 1900.
Commencing each day at 11 o'clock a. n»-.
WE WILL SELL IN OUR SALESROOM bf
CATAIXKJUE the private libraries of two Eng-
lish gentlemen, consisting of S00O books, finely
bound, and mostly English editions.
NOTE. -This Is a collection that very seldom
Is offered at auction. Catalogues now reauy
and books on exhibition.
EDWARD 9. SPEAR Sc CO.. Auctioneers.
- AUCTION SALE
AT fej
SWITZER'S HORSE MARKET,
TWELFTH ANT> HARRISON STREETS.
THIS DAY.
8ATURUA \ . DecemDer 22d,
Commencing at 11 o'clock.
We will sell 57 head of ALL-PTTRPOSE
HORSES from 1C0O to 1700 pounds. A fine lot
r.f horses and must be sold. Call and examine
this stock before the sale. Positively no limit.
S.- WATKIXS. Auctioneer.STUDENT FARCE TO .
GO ON THE BOAD
BERKELEY, Dec. 21.— "James - "Wob
berts, Freshman,", the farce produced a
year ago by the Junior class of the Uni
versity ¦ of j California.* will : be - taken on a
tour of the State this Christmas vacation.
A majority of the cast are university, stu
dents, although professional talent has
been secured. for several parts. The cast
Is I much ' stronger- than '.when" produced at
the Grand Opera-house In San Francisco.
The company will make Its first appear
ance Saturday afternoon and evening In
the 'Berkeley Opera-house..; ¦ The • trip
through the State will last a month.
OAKLAND. Dec. 21.— William Crow, an
emnlove of the Southern Pacific Com
parTy ll\-ing at 1G66 Seventh etreet. was
held up by four toughs at the corner of
L«Jc« and Oak streets. The. four were
e'.Ulr.g by the side of the walk, and one
&fckfd htm for a match, and then for
*ome money, and etarted to put his hand
In CroWs pocket. Crow hit him. ana the
four Jumped Crow and beat him badly
end escaped. • '¦ -.-,;-
Held Up by Tougha.
OAKLAND. Dec. 21.— Victorine Martin.
who*e husband. Joseph. la suing her for
divorce and the custody of their min^r
children, has filed an answer. In which she
CvrAf* ail his charges and makwi a coun
ter complaint and demand for divorce on
th* ground of extreme cruelty. Mrs. Mar
tha Mueller began suit to-day for divorce
from Emil F. MueJler for desertion. Mrs.
Carrie Breeden was granted a divorce
from Waiter Breedea on tb« ground of ex
treme cruelty.
Oakland Divorce Sulta.
CTiristmaa 011a Podrida.
BERKELEY, Dec. 21.— The Christmas
l?Fue of the Olla Podrida. the High School
raper, appeared to-<lay. It is one of tho
bent Issues ever got f>ut by the students.
B'-Eid^s the u*ual Jepartments and Joshes
there are several Etorie* and poems. The
pri*e etory, "Only a Slip of Paper." was
m-rltten by MIfs M. R. ilartln. The paper
contains com*? vrry creditable art work
ry MIm Donna L- Prcble and Donald
McKee.
AETIBTS FEOM ORPHEUM
COMING TO MACDONOUGH
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— The Orpheum
rop.d chow 1s scheduled to entertain to
morrow night at the Macdonough Thea
ter. In the shew will be tome of the bent
people In the Orpheum's circuit and a big
nouse Ji expected to greet them. Chler
among th* entertainers will be Severus
Echaiser. cor.fidered one of the best acro
bats in the world. The show will be
something of * revelation for Oakland In
the way of vaudeville.
OAKLAND. Dee. 21.— The Pardee wins
of the Republican party haa taken the
first step toward launching an opposition
movement to the committee of twenty
eight. The new boom wae started at a
meeting called together to-night by £.
H. Lake, M. K. Foster. H. H. Klrby. G.
Russell Lukens and Dr. George C. Par
dee, and held at Loring.Hall. About two
hundred attended. G. Russen Lukens was
chosen chairman and he immediately en
tertained a resolution offered b Dr. Par
dee authorizing the chair to appoint a
committee "coneiBtlng of three men from
each ward in the city to devise ways and
means to combat the treacherous action
of the Republican City. Central Commit
tee."
The following named spoke to the reso
lution, denouncing the late city cornmit
tee for its action and advocating the nom
ination of a Republican municipal ticket
which would bring to Its support the
friends of reform: Professor L. D. Ins
keep. W. D. Dow. L. J. Hardy, Pelton
Taylor. F. R. Girard. M. A. Thomas,
Henry Burns. Thomas M. Robinson and
Hugh Cameron.
Professor Inskeep said the purchasing
of votes on the committee was a disgrace
which all good citizens should resent. He
thought that Dr. Fardee's resolution
rhould be adopted. Felton Taylor de
nounced the personnel of the committee
of twenty-eight appolntod by the central
committee, "itead the names." he said;
"that Is enough. ¦ They are notoriously
crooked from flri>t to last. They are the
gang that engineered the Lake Merntt
steal; they are the gang that got up the
fake interviews with Councllmen l>.v
which It was nought to deliver the city
over to the water monopoly."
Councilman Girard said that the City
Central Committee, having sold out to
boodlerf, no longer represented the. Re
publican party, but that the real Repub
lican party was represented by thos>e
present at to-night's meeting who were in
favor of clean city government.
Henry Burns said: "Let this commit
tee be a' people's committee. Put on me
chanics and laboring men as well as mer
chants and other business men. Then we
will eweep the field."
Hugh Cameron advocated making tha
committee non-partisan. "Let us put a
ticket In the field." he 6aid, "that will
command the support of all who are In
favor of good government. Democrats as
well aa Republicans. If we put a rival
Republican ticket In the field we shall
purely fail."
Chairman Lukens replied to the last
speaker, saying that it was a mistake to
punish the party for the crime of indi
viduals.
When the resolution was put to a vote
it was adopted unanimously. The chair-
man announced that he would make the
appointments called for In the resolution
as soon as practicable.
This movement will not be non-partisan
or municipal league in form, though
many municipal league members will take
part. It will be called a Republican
move, otherwise it would lay Dr. Pardee
who Is a prospective candidate for Gov
ernor. Henry P. Dalton and State Sen
ator G. R. Lukens, who are Republican
officeholders, open to a charge of bolt
ing the party ticket. This was the rea
son why Hugh Cameron's non-partl«»an
suggestion was bo promptly disposed of
This makes a direct contest between fac
tJon««, and a bitter fight 'is on.
Henry P. Dalton to-night sent the fol
lowing letter withdrawing from the com
mittee of twenty-eight:
OAKLAND. Val., Dec 21 1900
M. D. Merrltt. E«q., Oakland. Cal.— t>w
Sir: Replying to your letter notifying me of
my appointment as a member of the committee
of twenty-eight, permit me to say that I de
cline to serve upon the committee for the rea-
Bon that I cannot bring . myself to become a
member of any body which wax created under
the circumstances attending the creation of this
particular committee. To my • certain knowl
edge the action of the majority of the City
Central Committee was made possible only
by the vote of a eel f-conf eased bribe-taker, an
Whether the honorable and honest Republi
can* of Oakland will permit their municipal
affairs to be. managed and directed by a com
mittee of twenty-eiirht having for its parent
the vote of a recreant city commltteeman with
the everlastiriK dishonor and disgrace attend
ant upon hl» action Is more than I can eay.
But I do not believe that the reputable Re
publicans of the city have so far forgotten their
manhood to permit such a wide and unblushing
deviation from common honesty ¦ to go unr«
buked. Very re«i>ectfully.
HENIIT P. DALTON.
PARDEE FACTION MAKES
FIRST MOVE OF DEFIANCE
Launching tne Opposition to the Present
Committee of Twenty-Eight.
THEEE CHURCHES MAY
BE CONVERTED INTO ONE
Special Committee Finds That Union
Is the Only Solution for •
Difficulties.
OAKLAND. Dec 21.— The special com
mitt«M» injected to devise means for get
tVig the Market-Ftreet Congregational
<"hurch out of its financial difficulties has
report*^ • recommendation that a union
r.e effected between the Market-street
church ar.d the Thirty-fourth street
and Plymouth avenue Congregational
churches. The report was made at a meet
ing In the Firet Congregational Church
Wednesday nlrht. -when the thirty people
present unanimously agreed that union
wae the only proper way out of the diffi
culty. It wa* the senne of the meeting
that the consolidated church should be no
located eus not to encroach upon the field
of the Firet Church.
The scheme will be vcted upon by each
of the three comrrPRatlons before a move
is made to consolidate them. "There Is a
chance that one of the congregations will
vote unfavorably «ipon the project- When
It was proposed several months ago to
consolidate the Plymouth avenue and
Thirty-fourth street churches the propo
sition wa* voted down by tne congrega
tion of the former.
OAKLAND. Dec. 2L— Miss Delia
Myrtle Hodges and L. Roy Payne
were married last evening at th<>
horn* of the bride's parents, 533
CaJedonia avenue. The ceremony
was performed by the Rev. J. C
Wooten, pastor of the Asbury Methodist
Church. It was a pretty home affair ar.d
was attended only by relatives and a few
Intimate friends of the contracting par-
ties. Flowers and evergreens were use-1
In liberal quantities In the decorations.
After the wedding a supper was served.
The, bride is the daughter of Mr. ani
Mrs. J. A. Hodges. She is widely known
in church and society circles. MY. Payne
Is vice-president of the Fresno Hom9
Packing Association, with which he ha.=
been connected for several years.
Mr. and Mrs. Payne have irone on an
extended wedding- trip through Southern
California and the Eastern States.
MR. AND MRS. L. ROT PAYNE. WHO WERK MARRIED AT THE HOME
OF THE BRIDE'S PARENTS IN OAKLAND LAST EVENING. BOTH
ARE WELL KNOWN.
BERKFH^ET. T>«. 21.— Nathan Mora*,
a senior a.t the University of California,
has b**>n a.pp^nted cftVial head of trie
movement sraorg th* Ftudents to co-op
erate In the effort to secure better finsr
rial support for the "jniv<»r*ity. The ao
poimment was made by Ralph T. Fisher,
president of the Associated Student body.
A meeting has b<»en <*»'Ied for to-mor
row evening at fc o'nock In the map'*
room of th* Palace Hotei th effect an cr
par.izatlen to promote the pa5?ape of th<»
inheritance tax law in aid of the State
Vniversltr. Mr. Mor^n and many otner
ptud^nts will b« pr* «ent.
The call for the meeting is F'.gned by
Mrs. Phelv? A. Hearst, former Governor
James H. Budd. Mayor James D. PheSan.
Hfrrv J. Crocker. I.^ias W. Hellman,
R^ublm H. Lloid. William H. MH!f.
•George C. Pardee, Louis Blo*>(«, Ctaux
Spreckels, Frank J. Eymmes. William
Thomas, president of Ihe California Wa
ter and Forest Association, and Benjamin
Id* WrK-^ler. president of the Universtiy
of California.
The call directs attention to the fart
that the University of California now has
now under-graduate and graduate stu
<5»>nt* than any university in the country,
ffave Harvard alone: that its attendance
is double and it? income one-half that of
Stanford: that the la*t ten years show an
Increase of 400 p*r <-*>nt In its attendance
and an increase cf but 70 p*r cent In in
come. N. P. Chipman. president of the
State Board <^f Tra^e. will preside at Sat
urday evening"* meeting. Amor.jr the
Fpeaiccrp will be Orneral W. H. L. Barnes
and William R. Dav!*.
Nathan Moran at the Head
of Movement to Secure
Financial Support.
STUOENTSTO AID
THE UNIVERSITY
SANTA FE STRIKE
IS CALLED OFF
Operators Instructed to Ap
ply for Their Old
Positions.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Dec. 2L— President
Dolphin of the Order of Railroad Tele
graphers has declared the strike of the
operators on the Santa Fe off. All the
striking operators here received orders
to-night from President Dolphin that the
strike would continue no longer.
The operators are beginning t«>~ specu
late as to whether they will be reinstat
ed in the employ of the company. They
now have the permission of the organi
zation to work if they can secure work.
General Manager Mudge would not ex
press an opinion a3 to whether the men
would be re-employed or not. He said,
however, that the Order of Railroad Tele
graphers would not be recognized under
the present management.
"Let the operators get new officers." ho
said, "and then, we will talk to them."
HOUSTON. Tex.. Dec. 21.— Tha strike of.
the telegraphers ot the Gulf, Colorad3
and Santa fe Railroad was called off tu
night. It Is presumed that there will be
issued at once an order calling off thj
strike on all branches of the Atchison
system, but the committee of the Order
of Railway Telegraphers on the Gulf lino
has jurisdiction over Texas alcne. Tha
strike was begun in Texas ttfteen days
aso. No concessions were asked by tho
men or offered by the company as a pre
liminary to calling off the strike.
Following is the official circular Issued
to-night:
OALVESTON, Texas, Dec 21.— To Members
of the Order of Railway Telegraphers and
Friends of the Order, Gulf, Colorado and Santa
Fe> Railroad: Alter a most careful and earn
est consideration of the entire situation, your
further the straggle inaugurated on the Un» of
the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe road. With
the causes leading up to the most stubborn
fight ever known in the history of our order
you are familiar: with the conduct of the cam
paign you have been kept as faithfully ad
vised as the plans of your committee would
permit, and if we have failed in our desire to
keep you In full touch with the situation. It
has been from lack of time and facilities, not
negligence. Wa have done our best, and only
regret that your effort and ours have not
brought U3 the victory which we feel was de
served.
- The loss of the battle or of a campaign dot-a
not Indicate that the cause was wrong. His
tory 1» laden with just such events, and out
of our defeat it may be there shall come a
victory for right and humanity which those
who come after us shall enjoy and bless vn
for the noble stand we took. Let no man loolc
back with regret. Our destiny lies befor« us.
not behind us, and the men who for fifteen
days made the gallant fight that you have arn
the men who will wrest from tha futura the
success and prosperity which the present has
denied them. Some of your number will suffer
loss; some will seek and find better position*
than they held, for no railroad employe i»
more capable and worthy than tho»« who an
swered the call of our leaders on December 8.
In conclusion your committee simply deslr?s
to add that we "individually have felt honore-i
by the steadfast courage ajid unwavering loy
alty which you have given us. and in bt<1dinsr
us perhaps a lifelong farewell, we feel trury
that w« have been assisted In this strusgla
with brethren rather than fellow -craftsmen.
May God pro»r»r earn of you.
Therefore, from and after 12 ofclock noon.
Saturday, December ZZ, the Order of Railway
Telegraphers will cease to be in a state of
conflict with the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fa
Railroad Company. The strike Is off.
T. M. PEARSON. First Vice President.
A. RUSSELL.
A. T. HICKET.
C. P. CLAJtK.
J. R. ZIMMERMAN', Committee.
The action of this committee as given abova
U sanctioned and autbt»rized.
M. M. DOLPHIN. Prwtdent.
By T. M. PEARSON, First View President.
Mr. Pearson said he was opposed to the
boycott. He does not anticipate that the
reliable men who have gone out during
the strike will have any difficulty in pro
curing employment, many of them from
the Santa Fe Company.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.-Thlrd Vlc« Presi
dent Barr of the Santa Fe system said
to-nlj?ht upon beins Informed that the
telegraphers' strike had been declared off:
"As far as we are concerned. It has
been off a long time. We have all the
men we need at present, and we will dis
charge none of -them to make room for
any striker -who wishes to come back.
These men broke their contract with, us
In a manner entirely unjustifiable, and
we are done forever with the telegraph
ers as an organization. The strike natur
ally caused us annoyance at first, but this
lasted only for a few days, and then wo
were In first-class Bhape again."
FRESNO, Dec. 21.— Local Chairman
Haya of the Order of Railway Telegraph
ers to-night received the following dis
patch from President M. M. Dolphin:
CHICAGO. Dec. a.-^J. W. Hays. Fresno:
The strike pending on the Santa Fe system u
hereby declared off. Notify air to promptly
apply for re-employment. M. M. DOLPHIN.
But six men In Chairman Hays' division
responded to the _ call to strike when It
Issued, bo the new order does not affect
the telegraphers here very extensively.
Chairman Hays would not express any
opinion as to the likelihood of the men
getting back Into the road's employ, but
hi? manner Indicated that he had serious
doubts about it.
Nothing could be learned conr#rnlng the
Intentions of the Santa Fe. The local offi
cers contented themselvea with the state
ment that they had all the operators thor
needed and no vacancies were In sight for
the near future.
SCION OF THE OLD
ARISTOCRACY DEAD
AKLAND, E>«c. 2L— The labor
(I \\ unions' tugr of war at the Oak-
II II land Tabernacle will close to-
morrow night with the grand
event of the week. All of the
teams will be present and there will bo
the final pull for the championship. Tha
longshoremen have the best of the series,
.but they have not won the championship
yet.
It Is likely there will be a' special feat
ure for to-morrow night, for the cement
workers' team, which was dl5quallfl~i
last night, has Issued a special challenge
against all comers for a pull on the side.
Every evening there is a programme of
specialties, music, etc.. in addition to the
tug of war, and each team is seen every
evening. The proceeds will be devoted to
the benfit of the striking millmen. Quite
a sum will be realized.
Passing of Colonel Carroll,
Confederate Veteran,
Poor and Alone.
For the past ten years Colonel Carroll
had been practically an Invalid and since
1S96 has been confined tc his room la the
County Hospital. He had no relatives In
California and had of late years lived a
secluded life, seeing no one but the hoa
pital attendants. He felt keenly the pov
erty of his later life, as in his youth he
had been accustomed to all the luxuries
and social prestige of the old aristocracy.
Among his associate* In his prosper
ous days he was commonly known as
"Prince Charlie," and nis courteous bear
ing and genial ways won him many
friends. For several vears he was pri
vate secretary to Senator George Hearst.
Deceased was 62 years of age. His fu
neral will probably be conducted by some
one of the fraternal organizations with
which he was identifier} in his lifetime.
Colonel Carroll always retained his in
terest In military matters. He was con
nected with several military organizations
while living in San Francisco, notably the
famous company of San Francis.co Hus
sars.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
I 1118 Broadway. Dec, 2L
Colonel Charles Carroll, a blue-blooded
Virginian, widely knpwn among the best
people of the East and South, died In
poverty to-day, at the County Infirmary.
Colonel Carroll won nls military title as
a soldier of the' Confederacy. He wob
graduated from West Point in 1860 in the
same class with General Joe Whe«ler and
many other distlngulsned officers and al
most immediately received a commission
In the Southern armv. After the closo
of the war he came to the Pacific Coast,
locating tn San Francisco. He engaged in
newspaper work and won a wide reputa
tion for ability as a writer.
WATER COMPANY'S
INCOME IS KNOWN
Laborers — Captain, Edward Mercer; Dolty
Leonard. Claus Widill, John Curron, H. F.
Osther, Tony Ernst. Morris Scanlan and Mike
Ryan.
Longshoremen— Captain, J. McPherson: an
chorman. C. Sheehan; D. Sullivan, T. Craig. D.
Bricklayers— Captain. J. C. McCloud: anchor
man. William J. Baccua: A. J. Bayles. Corne
lius Towneend. H. Prefontaine, J. Carroll,
Charles Clausen, J. O'Malta.
Millmen— Captain, D. Mercer; anchorman. L.
Edwards; F. Flnkeldey. G. Buck, H. La Pearl,
W. Seeman, W. Price. G. Schmoor.
Carpenters — Captain, F. Pahnke; L. El Nel
son, P. Hughe*. C. E. Maker. J. W. Blbby, L.
Frates, B. M. Scofleld and R. F. Hughes.
Painters— Captain. D.- S. IlesetRh: anchorman.
J. Nelson: William Laird, J. N. Macartney. J.
Graves, C. JCussbaum.' W. Wlnthrop, C. Realy,
C. B. MeComb. D. Madden.
Shlnglers — Captain, J. Kennedy; anchorman,
C. Nygren: C. Anderson, B. Walters. F. Koh
ler, J. Dnizon, D. : Drake and J. Overy.
The members of the different teams are
as follows:
Figures Finally Admitted by
the Monopoly's Counsel
in Rate Case.
In connection with the adjournment
it developed that the company was prac
tically ready to rest its case. It Is there
fore probable that the city's witnesses
will go on soon after the holidays and
that the long hearing is drawing to its
close. V
This afternoon the case went over until
January 2, with the understanding that
Judge Hayne should have a- continuance
of another week If he needed It.
Hayne then asked what sacredness In
hered in the company's books that they
were so jealously guarded.
Attorney Moore replied that books of
account were Indeed sacred and that
courts did not allow an adverse party to
inspect them without -good cause.
Judge Hart observed that the city's ex
perts should be allowed to inspect any
books throwing light on the question of
income.
At this McCutchen agreed to admit an
income of $414,158 92. as before stated.
"That book possesses a very particular
interest Inasmuch as every one of. you
from the beginning of this case has gone
on the stand and sworn there, was no
such record. Now I have stumbled on
the fact that it does exist and is in the
company's office, and I am exceedingly
interested in getting possession of it."
"That book wouldn't be of any essen
tial importance or interest to you,"- ob
jected McCutchen. Judge Hayne re
torted:
The testimony concerning the com
pany's Income was not elicited without
considerable opposition. Having extract
ed the admission from the witness that a
book was In existence giving the desired
data. Judge Hayne immediately demand
ed Its production in -court.
During the cross-examination of the
company's bookkeeper. T. E. Hanson, \*.
transpired tnat last year the company
collected $114,158 92. This is a profit of
over thirteen per cent on the capital in
vested according to the valuation of the
city's expert engineers. The income. If
the new ordinance should cause all the
diminution in profit contended for by tha
company's attorneys, would amount to
eight per cent on the same valuation. This
diminution ia far from being admitted by
Judge Hayne. He has already in his
cross-questioning shown many contradic
tions in the opposition's estimates - an1
promises further disclosures whe,n he puts
nis own witnesses on the stand.
The city's attorney In the water rate
case has finally brought to light the
amount of the Contra Costa company's
income. This enables the percentage of
Its profit on its investment to be com
puted and lays bare the central fact about
which the whole controversy has beei
waged.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
: 111S Broadway. Dec. 21.
Zambresky Appointed Clerk.
HAYWARDS. Dec. 21.— Assemblyman
Joseph G. Mattos Jr. has appointed w. P.
Zambresky his clerk for the approaching
session of the Legislature.
Senior Department— Frank V. Doherty, Fred
erick Sigwart, " John Dohertjr. Willie Hallahan.
Milton Clune, William Gloria, .Reginald Gulch
ard. Edward McPeake, Willie Archaxnbault,
Carl A. Johnson, John Cianclarulo, Jamea
King Emmet Cetrr, -Leo Martin, Robert Demp
»ey Walter Mulkey, James Coakley.
Intermediate Department— H. Aubrey, Willie
Brown Harry Creegan, Harry Downey, Thomas
FltiBlmmona, Eugene Green, John Glavin.
Pamuel Happ. Frank Kelley. Joseph Lavorel,
Daniel McCarthy. James CKToole, Fred Feter
son John Roach, Lawrence Rivard, Frank
Klynn. John Barclay. Jame» Doherty, Frank
de Nobra, Raymond Fanceuf, Joseph Fisher,
Louis Harold Nelon Lynch. Henry Malley,
Edward Martin, Henry Borgerding-. Joseph
Preparatory Department— Paul Gilbert, Chris
tian Kirschbaiim, John Dempsey, Henry Ken
nedy. James Mangan, Frank Langtry. Gran
\llle Martin. Willie Curran. Eddie Connors,
Herbert Evans, Louis Cambet. John White.
Willie Pullls, Wilfred Knapp, Lloyd Fergu
son. Vincent Hogan, Leo Block, John Ferns,
Hester Dempaey.
OAKLAND, Dec." 21. — The boys', depart
ment Of St. Mary's School closed to-day
for the holidays. During the week com
petitions have been held In the "different
classes, and the following awards of merit
were made: .
mas Season.
the Last Days of the Christ-
Results of the Competitions During
AWARDS OF MERIT FOR
ST. MARY'S PUPILS
Officers Obtain New Trial.
OAKLAND, Dec 2L— The court has
finally ruled that the Deputy Sheriffs
who were fined $5000 for arresting Thomas
L. Woods some six months since because
he objected to their taking "a. horse from
his pasture before the pasturage was paid
may reopen the case on payment of the
costs of the former trial i .„.-;.•./
When the Shah of Persia departed from
Budapest recently he left behind him 1500
cases filled with his purchases In Europe
and 106 cycles, which are to be sent on to
Persia. The cycles are intended for hla
courtiers. Before leaving Hungary a
check for £100,000. issued by the Imperial
Bank of Teheran, was cashed In Buda
pest. This is the fourth check of the same
amount the Shah has cashed, and. as
about half of the money eroes to pay for
his purchases in the Hungarian capital,
another will, no doubt, be required. Thus,
apart from the jewels brought from Per
sia for .presents", the Shah's Journey will
have cost the Shah's private purse half a
million pounds sterling.— London. Mail.
A Costly Tour.
Pretty Wedding Ceremony at the Home of
the Bride's Parents in Oakland.
the class .«onpr. th* words of which are
by Dorothy J<?w<*tt.
The cia?s was as follows:
Ma Kmili* Be<-ht«l. Olive Cutting Burroughs.
En?an Bilzabeth Cary. Fred Martin Cotter.
nm'ly Anita. LMllen. Elinbeth May Folsom.
H->ra Om!« Frickftad. Lou!* Alonzo Glambonl.
Mfir>- Lucr^tia Grof?, Dorothea Kern Jevrett,
Harry Edward Kelfer. Ma* Isabelle Knight.
Jamw Fulton Kutz. Walter Booth Macauley.
Flenoec Louise Malone. Evelyn Mexweil. A'l
bert MonFon M»ads. Victor %'icholson M'tcalf.
Ktizabeth Moran. Agrnen Mary Reynolds, Rob
ert Thorna* Sutherland. James Robert West
daM, Charle* Henry Wilcox. Mamie Elliaheth
Williams. Alice Will*. Margaret Wtlhelmina
¦W>nhe.
I The class farce wa.s given last night and
I was highly suooepsfui. It was a comedy
in three acts by J. Paigrave Simpson. The
I caet was as follows:
Prosper Couramnnt, Walter Uaraulay; Baron
de la Glac!»re. Harry Kcifer: Brisemouche
<!an<1«d proprietor and naturalist). Robert
Putherland; Anatrle (his ward), Robert W>st
drhl; Baptlste (servant), James Kutz; Fran
cei!»c> (servant nf Trapper). Albert Mead*: Mil".
Susanne de RusevHle, Eir.ily A. Dillon; Louise
de la Olaciere, F1r>ra FrirkKtad; Mathilde (her
fistor). M. L,ucretla Gross: Mile. Zenoble (sister
pf Ur1?em<->uch°). AHce Wills; Mnie. Dupont
(hou^ekooper). Mae Kn'ght; Pauline (maid),
Florence Maione.
The performance elicited much praise.
MISS DELLA M. HODGES
BECOMES MRS. ROY PAYNE
OAKLAND. Deo. 21.— Graduation «
»-o«k of the Oakland High School \
clrtfed to-nipht with the exercises j
held in th*» High Sc^-toI building ;
'Tr?«» oxTi'^rf np^rted with a
chorus. "Nymphs of the Air and Ancient
£*a." Rev. E. R. Dil> dPlivr*»<J the ad
firfff to th* riass. Th<r» waf a chorut-.
"Night. Lovely NieM." and a trio. "Good
?v"ight." by Ethel Lawrence. Maud* Hiney
and L. Christofersba. President John
Ruff rf the Board of Education an
r-<~>ur:ce1 the graduates and the class gave
Danleloon. C. FlanJaran. D. Drake. T. Katehen
berg.
Plumbers— Captain, VT. Sullivan; W. Greare*.
F. Hamb, W. Preteott. O. Preseott, W. O'Ma
lia. A. Paulson, J. Peterson.
At the tug-of-war tournament to-nlgrht
the longshoremen defeated the painters
In thirty-seven seconds. The match be
tween the plumbers and parpentera was
declared off. The shinglera won from the
bricklayers after twenty-five minutes of
pulling. The millmen beat the laborers In
twerty-three minutes.
The score up to date is as follows:
Longshoremen i 0
Palnt»rs J S
Carpenters .' 3 2
Laborers 2 4
Bricklayers 1 £.'•'*
Millmen 2 S
Plumbers 3 yt *
SOME OF THE PECULIARITIES OF THE TUG-OF-WAR BETWEEN THE LABOR ORGANIZATION'S OF OAK
LAND, WHICH WILL WIND UP THIS EVENING. AND SOME OF THE MORE PROMINENT OF THE MEN
' WHO PULL ON THE ROPE.
Sreeial Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. CoryrlEht. 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PARIS, Dec. 22.— The Aurore this morn
ing reopens the Dreyfus ulcer with Zola's
scalpel. Zola addresses M. Loubet m
ringing trumpet tones.
"Monsieur Le President: Almost three
years ago I addressed to your predeces
sor, Felix Faure, a letter which he Ig
nored,, unfortunately for his fair fame.
Now he lies numbered with the dead, his
memory clouded by the monstrous in
iquity at Which he connived in so far aa
he used the powers of his high office to
shield the guilty. .
"To-day that abominable affair, after
having sullied all governments, particips
criminis, or cowardly, that have followed
one another, had culminated for a brief
space In a supreme denial of Justice. The
bill of amnesty which the Chambers have
just voted is *a bill that history will stig
matize as 'Infamous amnesty.'
"Following in the steps of others, your
government la stumbling over the same
fault' of accepting most overwhelming re
sponsibility. Rest assured It Is not a pago
of our life that is being besmirched— it is
the magistracy that is running the risk
of being coupled with that of your prede
cessor, stained as it were with an Inef
faceable stain." ;£&:.
M Zola then claims the right to relieve
his anguish by again lifting up his voice,
pointing out that for a year and a half he
has awaited the . coming of slow-footed
justice. Instead of Justice he now see?
arrived an Insulting and Infamous am
nesty which bunches together Picquart
and Esterhazy, Relnach and De Paty du
Clam, Zola himself and Mercler.
After reviewing the possible conse
quences of amnesty, Zola points out that
events have justified the declarations he
made In his letter to Felix Faure and then
reiterates them to President Loubet.
"I have said that the fourth act of the
drama had been played at Rennes and
that there would necessarily be a fifth
act The anguish of that fear is always
In my heart. There Is a tendency to for
get that the German Emperor holds the
truth in his hand -and that he can cast It
In our teeth when the hour, which he has
perchance already chosen, shall have
°°"That would.be a fearful fifth act of
which I am In constant dread and the
terrible eventuality of which the French
Government ought not: to- tolerate for a
moment.. We have been promised a ver
dict of history- I call your attention to
that. M. le . President, history will tell
what you have done. You will have your
page, 'reflect upon that— that poor Felix
Faure, the denied tanner, who was so
popular at the outset of his career and
•who had Impressed even me by his demo
cratic good-fellowship, will abide for all
time as merely an unjust and weak crea
ture who allowed an Innocent man to suf
fer martyrdom. 'Would you not be pleased
to figure In -marble -as a man of truth and
Justice? There. Is perhaps /time yet."
Addresses a Stinging Let
ter to President
Loubet.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 21.
Brother I-asrian. for thirty years en
paged in the work of the Christian Broth
erq ni:d one of the fonmosi Latriolic edu
cators, passed away to-day at St. ¦ Mc"Vs
College. Brother Uascian had been fail
ing for several months. Brlght's disease
had fastened its fata! grip upon him and
he knew the end was approaching. On
account of the condition of his health he
was forced to give up the direction of St.
James College at Vancouver and come to
St. Mary's College] where he would be
surrounded by tfu- friends and the asso
ciates of years during his last hours.
Every comfort was afforded the dying
brother, and in the presence of sorrowful
intimates his life went out.
Brother Laseian was born in Ireland
fifty-two years ago. Hia worldly name
was John Melody. He has several rela
tives in San Francisco. During. a good
part of the time he was a member of the
Christian Brothers, covering a period of
thirty years, he has been In Oakland. Ho
first "came to Oakland In 18S3, occupying
the position of director of St. James Acad
emy until 1SS9. when he went to St. Mary's
Coflese in San Francisco as an Instructor.
In 1*97 fie returned to Oakland as a mem
ber of the faculty at St. Mary's College.
Later Brother Lasclan established a
school in Santa Cruz, but the arduous
work forced him to give it up last spring.
Then he was appointed to take charge of
the college at Vancouver, from which be
csme back to Oakland. •
Brother Lapcian was of a very lovlne
disposition and his loss will be mourned
by the brothers of the order of which he
was a member and hundreds of young
men who were once his pupils.
ST. PATRICK'S SCHOOL
CLOSES FOR HOLIDAYS
portment, Attendance and Appli-
Pupils Awarded Testimonials for De-
cation During the Term.
OAKLAND. Pec. 21.-St. Patrick's Boys*
School of West Oakland closed yesterday
for the Christrras holidays. Before the
pupils were dismissed from the afternoon
session Rev. Brother Euphrasius, princi
pal of the school, presented testimonials
to those pupils who had attained an aver
age of 75 per cent during the term for de
portment, attendance and application. The
testimonials were awarded to the follow
ing;: *
First class first division — P. J. I^acey. A. J.
Peters. M. J. Finn, C. O. Feehan. J. M. Haran,
F A Farrell. Second division— E. J. Cronan.
G E. HarrinRtcn. C. P. Magennls. V. J. Ward,
B V. Burke, E. E. King, T. J. Cronin, G. M.
Crcfhy. L* E. Hart. E. J. Ehortt.
Second class, first division— C. J. Astrue, J.
W Mason, A. J. Keller. H. E. Cullen, H. J.
Griffln, D. F. CTBrlen, F. J. Kenny. L J. Pe
terson. C. A. I>oyle, J. J. O'Donnell. V. H.
¦\\>strtor?. D. V. McCarthy. J. J. Kingston, E.
L. Drlscoll. E. D. Cnrroll, D. J. OK*efe, F.
C. Farreli, W. F. DlKSins. Second division— E.
J Keller. G. T. Haran. F. E. McKeegan, J.
A. Mcl>enal4. H. J. Blake. W. H. Coyne. J.
E. Zllz. J. Wj Schmltten^er. J. J. O'Donnell,
K. P. Lord. E. J. HeinatZ.
Third clap?, first division— M. Scully, G. Mc
»ake. A. King. J. Griffln. W. Johnsirr, J.
McCann. O. Uowllnsr. J. Horjsan, M. Bowien,
K. Halloran, H. Blv<ri. R. Mason. G. Kingston.
T. Healey. P. O'Brien, G. Stewart. M. Mo
riah, A. Scren?on. H. Brock. F. Roderick, O.
O'lVir.nell. G. Nolan. J. O'Keefe. Second divi
sion— W. Doyle. J. Hpssler. E. McAllister, \V.
•\YBlsh. J. Rudeck. K. Jones. D. Hollaren. W.'
Johnson. N. Harriett, K. Fahey, M. Horftn, J.
I<nrry. -M. Murphy, J. Coreyetto, A. Brock. E.
Valladnr, T. Dolly, M. Roderick, E. Treacy,
H. Andreanl, A. Deluchl. A. Pivar. M. Ready,
R. Zllz. - '
ZOLA REOPENS
DREYFUS CASE
For Nearly Thirty Years Actively
Engaged in Educational Work"
Surrounded by Friends He
Passes Away at St.
Mary's College.
LIFE OF BROTHER
LASCIAN ENDS
STUDENTS BID GOOD-BY
TO OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL
Graduation Exercises and Entertain me at of the Glass of
Deeember, Nineteen Hundred.
LONGSHOREMEN ARE PULLING
OTHER UNIONS OVER CLEATS
Great Tug-of-War Among the Labor Organizations to
Close With Best Events of the Week.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL; SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1900.
SCENE FROM THE FARCE PRESENTED BY THE STUDENTS OF THE CLASS OF DECEMBER. 1900. AS PART OF
THE FESTIVITIES ON THE OCCASION OF THEIR GRADUATION FROM THE OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL.
FROM A PHOTO BY FROST BROS.
Death of James Townsend.
OAKLAND. Dec. 21.— James Townsend.
an old resident end lumber dealer of Ala
meda County, died this morning at his
hom«».' 10H Fourteenth street* Mr. Town
pend came to California in 1549 from his
native, rity. Lowell. Mass. He leaves a
son. with whom he r«*pMed in this city.
Funeral of Mrs. Foster.
BERKELEY. DecJ £1— Funeral services
of the late Mrs. Mary Foster, one of the
pioneer women of this city, were held to
day at 2 o'clock at the family residence,
1411 Oxford street, thf Rev. Harry Hil
lard officiating. The following were pall
bearers: S. Graham, J. H. Demlnfe, J. H.
Caltram. W. T. Leavitt, T.. McCourtney
and H. S. Sikron.
11
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. *
§ Expert Opinion Unanimous I
Jg IN DECLARING . §t
|| THE SAFEST AND BEST NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER KNOWN. fig
Senator Professor Paul Mante£azzn, Florence, Italy, writes- fi^
2S "Hnnjradl Jboos is certainly the beat aperient water, seeing that a dose of from iCV\
;S? one-half to a slaasfnl secures an Immediate and painless evacuation. VIrehow de- vS?
du , fcribed it at .'most valuable,' and the foremost clinical physicians of Germany £2^
/7\ bare employed It with the greatest success." •"-»". ]£?
J| For Constipation, Biliousness Sc-Torpid Liver ||
it A Q XI for the fall Name, ( I flnri is Bine, with ®
jg* /\O rV "HunyadliJanos." S L /\ O \L L PSeP*^ c §£THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATUKDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1900.
12
SAW FRANCISCO CAL.I*.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cnll. corner cf Market and Third streets; open
until :2 o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpec until >:S0 p. m.
2P0 Hayes street; epen until »:30 p. m.
C39 McAlllrter street; open until »:33 p. m.
m Lerkin 6tre*t; epen until 9:30 p. m.
J'.'41 Mission rtreet; open until 10 p. ro.
r?Cl Market rtrect, crrocr Sixteenth; open
mall 9 p. m.
ir* Eleventh street; epen until • p. m.
3^6 Valencia rtreet; open until t p. re
SCottbwest corner Twenty-second end Kea-
tocky ctrertg; cper until < p. ra.
MEETING NOTICES.
KAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. L Royal Jl^
i.-Y. M&enns. meets THIS (PATUR- TCjC
]>AY> K\nNIN<i. l>pree 4. / >
EXCEI^SIOJt Ijisrrv Lodge No. 2.
I. O. O. F - Regular n;eotlng iv222S&=i
THjp (SATURDAY) EVENING. =^S>^
JXrmfi desree. "™
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
"JKF annual meetSnr of the stockholders of tn»
Nevsrta. National Bank of Pan Francisco. Cal..
«:!1 be held at ltn banking house. SOI Mont-
roTr.ery tl.. San Francisco. Cm!., on TUES-
DAY J*Ea*r» S. 1ML at 3:15 o"clock p. ro.. |
frr the election of directors to serve for the I
-T.ni'.ns: year and the transaction of euch
rtJwr business as msy come before the ineet-
ir.r. OEO. GRANT. Cashier.
fsri FrBic1>co. December S. 190G.
ACEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS to introduce a new Imported house-
hold necerslty of sound commercial value.
Dundee Mfg. Co.. room 14. Flood bldg.. S. F.
POMCITCRS wanted; men cr women; good
r varies warranted; payable either weekly or
rr.emMy: expenses paid. SI7 Market, rm. 615. |
ADOPTION.
A GOOD horr.e open for girl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Dr. Fur.ke. 1416 Eighth «t.. Alameda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, aephalt roonng. sidewalks re-
paired: postal. USC Mifslon: tel. Folsom 1C07.
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOCSEY TAYLOR. ScIentlCc Astrolo-
per— Free copy "The New Mcon." 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. 827 Market »t.. «th floor, room €57
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; lair fee; no advance
charges; loan* on estates. Tel. Howard Ii37.
ADVICE Tree; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without euccess: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. KM Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK W. SMITH; mining and probate law a
gpeclaJty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th Cr.; tel. Red 3616. j
A I -VICE free: no charge unless successful. W. j
W. DAVIDSON, 527 Market St.. opp. Mason. |
I. EDW. JARRETT. Htarst bldg.. Third and
Msrket t\*.; phone Red E262.
L P. CLARK. Emma Ppreckel* bide »27 Mar-
k^t ft.; ccnfultat'.on free; no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange,
ALLEN fcells the Best bicycles. Columbia, j
fpaldlnr. Bsrnes. Hartford. Monarch. Stor- j
tr.er. Pennant. 120 up. 301 Larkln & 1978 Page, j
I>1 CYCLES at reduced price*: we are clearing .
out cur 1003 models to make room for new
1391 rtcx-k Tnwmltf Cycle Works. 1522 Market.
DLSI.NESS CnA*CES.
A— JS25: RESTAURANT and chophouse opp. R.
R. cable house; rent $20: good paying place; j
lnve«israte toon, as rare chance. Call R. G. j
WILKE. 26^i Kearny Ft.
X-$:.rVA-LEAPING barroom of this city; es- i
tal.liEhcd many years and doing a flrst-claes j
paylr.fr business; place is located near Kearny j
..-. : Market ets.; above {2300 etock on hand; ;
*i>len<3!<l bargain: owner must leave the city
at cr.ee to attend business north. Call R. G.
WILKE. :6'» Kearny pt. >
A— H2.'O; CORNER grocery and bar. One block
fouth of McAllister et. : rent $45; iM years
Jease; Etock will Invoice the price: a good-
paylr.g business and established many years.
CaU R. G. WILKE. 2S4 Kearny st.
A— $4;W; SALOON: e*tab. 20 years: close to
Chronicle bide.; etock will Invoice the price; :
>ase; pHtce known as one of the best-paying !
rescrts in city. Call R. G. Wilke. 264 Kearny. i
t4:f^-CORNER ealocn en Davis et. ; no Sunday !
or night work: rent $v0; a flnrt -class paying !
rropoV.-ir,-.. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 2S : ,4 '
Xearr.y st. ¦
IKO— FOR Eale; ealoon. one block north of
Market St.; under present ownership over a
dozen years; reasonable rent; examine stock;
i are chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. I6 1 *
Kearny et.
A— 1600; CORNER ealoon on Jackson 6t.; rent
f! n : kept by present owner 7 years; good bust-
r.ess; clearing $125 per month. R. G. WILKE.
ISVj Kearny et.
A-HOO; BRANCH bakery and stationery; 4 llv- \
inr rooms; rent H3; a good business for man !
ltA wife. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
JTrn—RBSTAVRANT with SO beds In best town .
in California; 1— oeiiits J3O a day: cheap rent.
with lease. LANE & CO., 865 Market St.
J^'-CANDY store on Market et.. clearing $130
tr> S1T5 a month; unusually good chance; slck-
r.ess compels rale. LANE & CO.. 865 Market.
t2V'— DELICACT. canned roods, bread, milk,
etc.; ims. with furn. ; nice stock; sickness
ronpel* sale; bargain. Lane & Co., 865 Market.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand cor-
ner store and basement with fixtures suit-
able for erocery business; epecial Induce-
m*-nts. Apply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
tl'A-RESTAURANT: worth double; also ree-
taurant and bar on the water front. Inquire
nf D. MrRAE Furniture Co.. S3" Mission et.
S4.-n— REPTAUHAST; great bargain: Immediate
drparture <-au*e of sale. McLAUGHLIN A
*:.O., 777H Market et.
t45n_FR.ENCH laundry. w.lth all tools neces-
.-ary; doing flne business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$123 WILL buy candy and grocery store; 4 liv-
ing rooms. 26th and Hartlett ets.
F^R sale— Fruit and vegetable ttore, including
horse and wagon. 151 Ninth st.
SALOON — Partner wanted In a. flrst-class sa-
loon. Inquire at 666 Mission st.
FOR Fale— A first-class hotel containing 49
rooms. furr.iRhed throughout; in running
order; been open 10 years; on principal street:
the leading hotel: bar attached: at one of the
prominent summer rescrts. within 8 hours'
ride from Pan Francisco: Address for full par-
ticulars box 2?3S. Call office.
A -PLAY THE RACES— "
20 to £0 per cent profit monthly on our new
O-nera; call and investigate. N. S. HAND *
CO.. expert hsndlcappers. «.ult 12, 34 Kearny.
FOP. rent— In a good location, a blacksmith
rhop, dwelling, bam. etc.; tools and stock for
rale: business long established: party must
be sober and reliable. Apply Call olflce.
TO physicians — Good property and practice in
Cal. railroad town: J3C0O; no other ph/aiclan.
Apply or call MISS TURNER. Seamen's
Home. cor. Main and Harrison sts., 6. F.
CC'FFEE saloon and restaurant for sale: price
TMiO; dally receipts from j:.j to *C0; good pay-
ing; I have other business to attend; call at
the place. 410 Kearny st.
ROADHOUPE, excellent location, with 28 acres
orchard and modern Improvementa. for sale
rheap. Address box 2SZ3, Call office.
J4 n P— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; loca-
tion perfect: cigars, stationery, notions. Walt-
ing room. 22d-ave. station. Eat.1 Oakland.
AT a barjraln— Kay. rraln. wood and coal yard.
Z13Q Sacramento st.. near Lyon.
FOR tale— Flrst-class raloon; central; complete
fwk. Box 2312, Call office.
WORKING partner wanted in plgeon-ralslng
bus. SO Ilanna St., Oakland. Bee-st. station.
Cn.'^-PARTNER wanted in meat market; need
ret have any experience. Call at 495 Fourth.
I2C WINS $300 per month at races; references
riven. Information Lyons. P21 Market, r. 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r'-erivpd at Call branch offlc*. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODCING-KOL'SKS FOR SALE.
11OXET loaned on ioddnr-housee, 1H p. c. ;
r.-.ythlng you want in lodging-houses; E'mples:
, ST rooass; en Powell st. : rent $175; price. .$1900
ti rooms; en Leaven worth; rent X125: price 1200
3* rooms; on sunny ride; rent $25; price.. 750
7 rooms: on Genry St.. rent $40; price.... 4C0
JS rooms; O'Farrell Bt.: rent $50; price... 650
c rooms; Turk st. ; rent $27: price 300
For quick Bales list your houses with A. L.
TTILLEY. S16 Market St.; phone Black 6213.
C^TrOOMS; rent flSO $2200
12 room*; nicely furnished 900
100 rooms; elegant furniture 6000
Will loan from tlOO up at Ihi per cent.
DAVIS & RIVES, r. O. «8 Mkt. ft.
LODGING house and restaurant In Stockton;
r'ioi tor man and wife. Address JOHX Mc-
K INSEY. 647 Wert Market St.. Stockton.
j:r ( -ROOM house; long lease; new; modern;
«>ntral: be«t Investment in the city; only
$?060. JOHN ELDER CO.. O8 Market St.
LARGEST llat lodging houses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD.
rrr.s. i-i. til Market ft., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
WATCH this space; new list: new houses; Dec
r.. FISHER & CO.. 1C82 jJarket St. . .
t!100— €5 ROOMS; flne location: well furnished;
til rented; low rent. BASILE. a Eddy st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world renowned eplrtN
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
cults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
nMnlng a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed., Frl.ev's:
come and be convinced. Permanently located
, Ell Eddy ft., bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1161 O'Farrell.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c.
EARLE. 305 Taylor st.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; yeance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium.
healer and card reader.. 146 Eddy st.
C Mayo-Steers. 112>4 Oak, trance medium;
readings, jl; hours. 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard G27.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently lecated at 1206 Market
St., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet
with epecial terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
• reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles COc:.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 £0. 126 Turk. ;
MME. BERNARD read* life fluently: advice |
! given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar- ;
] anteed; 21c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner. ;
ISMAK. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
'Cth: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader me-
flium; 25c up. S?3 Mission St.. nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 €th; German epoken.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c 7 Seventh St.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past.
! present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room'14.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S4 Jessie st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny ot.. rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 23c up. 5 Fourth Bt.
CARPET nEATISG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
! eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
j Ing Works. o.^-3o7 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
j STANDARD. 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair: carpets cleaned,
3c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c
STRATTON'S. 8 Eighth St.; tel. JesBle 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carjjet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 2V) Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
j tel. Main 394. GEO. WAXiCOM. Proprietor."
j CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
| Gnte ave.; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TWO Shetland ponies, surrey, cart, double and
elngl* harness, two ea.ddles. 80S Oak st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
| camping wagen, for rale cheap. 532 Mission.
: NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts Sc har-
j ness, work & drlvlnjr horses. 15th & Valencia.
CHIROPODISTS.
I CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chll-
I blalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 41S Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
j less successful. Room 310. S27 Market et.
DENTISTS^
I * n n ' n 'nnr si r r -¦ »j>j\qj- n/^mjn- n.+*~.An J .± 1 r*s- v *-r>.j-.
J AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 8C9 Mar-
! ket et.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
I have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
¦without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 f>0 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 13 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
j A — DISCOUNT of 20 per cent ror 30 days on all
I plates, crowns and biidgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings. COc; plates.
So. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
j EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
i and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
! derful secret, palnles* method; '20 years' ex-
| perience: no students; advice free; prices
I cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LF.SK. 20 O - Farrell et.
¦ DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
i —No charge for extracting when plates are
j made; old plates made over like new; teeth
j from SS per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
j THE New Tork Dentists have moved to 969
! Mission St., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
! and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
j positive painless extraction, BOc.
j MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 1206 Market
at.; expert extracting, crown and brldgework.
¦ A. L. SIMPSON, D. D. S.
I PARIS Dental Parlor, 2i5 Kearny, cor. Bush—
i Full set of teeth, $4: crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
IVAN VROOM — "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
{ SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
! YOUNG. 1841 Polk %t.
' ' —^— —^— — — —^— —"¦¦^— —^—
j DEPILATORY.
1 ' O. C. C— A harmless liquid for permanently
j removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor polscn the most delicate akin; agents
' I wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy. 426 Ellis.
! DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
• ', McDOWELL Dressmaking and'MUllnery School;
! i patterns cut; eveninc class. 1019 Market st.
I ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
, \ lngr. pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor £c MoCatt.
; j DRESSMAKING; reasonable prices; dresew
. ] made over; perfect fit. 2S7 Geary tt.
. i
EDUCATIONAL. *
• ! ATRE6' Business College/ 723'~Market' St.— Day
and evening; $S per month; $50 life scholar-
\ ship guarantees a complete business educa-
• tlon. including the commercial and shorthand
courses: 154 positions secured for our students
. { during the past 6 months; catalogue free.
. ! GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
j Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
: J Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
• ! shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
s j tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD"S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
elestrical and mining engineering, etc; day
and night cessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
: A — THE LYCETJM. an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
i leges; references. President Jordan or any
r Stanford professor. Phelan building. .
1 ( CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
. • tlcns guaranteed to It by written contract,
i j and can therefore with confidence guarantee
, j positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
1 MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lecsona by mall: acknowledged by official re-
t porters best toacher. best system. 302 Montgy.
[ j ATTENTION!— Tarr- s pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
. ALL students but two taking full course this
year rot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1226 Market st,
. ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mlnlng.mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
KENT Law School — Students specially prepared
for examination. <4S McAllister st.
s _ __
PIANO, hist, of music, French and German.
- MME. PRILL. Y- M. C. A. bldg., Eth floor.
LESSONS In boxing wanted. Address T. GAN-
NON, €46 Clay St.; state terms.
. MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
ing. KpahUh. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
. E. J. APPLEBY. banjo, mandolin and guitar.
4&SC McAllister St.; phone Folsom 2071.
. TEACHERS' Agcy. A.McXiel!,Mgr..r. 31. Flood
• bldg. ; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
\ violin, guitar, mandqlln. banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
: ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
9 ILLUSTRATION; nlcht class. 424 Pine Bt.
0 ¦ —
0 ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
0 etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. , 1024 Mission, nr. «th.
\ A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
,. U pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year."
j EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
J A — JAPANESE and Chlnefe employment oon-
• tractor; cstab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.; near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
¦ JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est.
• 1870; practical recommend: try them; removed
' to 41S Devlgadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
• JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
' best help. B2« O'Farrell st. ; tel. Hyde 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
; eee help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
, RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
• m flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main SIM.
. ORPHEUM Emplyoment Office— Japanese, Chl-
. neca help.426 Powell.nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
; CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4UH O'Farrell «t.: teL East 438.
EMPLOYMENT WAKTEP—FEMALB.
RESPECTABLE young girl wants position to
assist or care for baby; wages $15. Apply 23.
Fifth st. ¦¦ ¦ ..- . ¦>
YOUNG lady wants position to do chamber
work In rooming house. Apply at landlady's.
33 Fifth st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day,
washing. Ironing or housecleanlng. Call or
address grocery, corner Laguna and Fulton.
ELDERLY . lady wishes position as working
housekeeper. Box 3964. Call office.
GIRL wishes a place to do housework. Call
at 809 Thirteenth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman -wishes situation;
housekeeper, take care invalid, plain cooking.
144 Silver st.. near Fourth.
A YOUNG married woman would like a posi-
tion as housekeeper or to do chamber work.
Call at 262 Seventh St.
A RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wishes
a position to do general housework; reference.
647 Minna st.
RESPECTABLE widow with little girl desires
position as housekeeper; first-class cook and
laundress; no triflers. Address MRS. I. V. C,
Vacavllle P. O.. Solano County. Cal.
TWO Scandinavian girls - wish positions as
chambermaids or general housework. Ad-
dress 409 Minna st.
NUKSE girl wishes - position to take care of
children. UEO Mission st. •
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. $1 50 to $<
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at' 1096
Valencia St. -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A— PRACTICAL miner wants position; a thor-
ough mill man and assayer; on stomps or cir-
cular mills; has had experience on low grade
ores; also with mine development, and is ca-
pable of taking entire charge, erecting and
running with a water power, steam or com-
pressed air plant; home or abroad; open for
engagement: married and steady; experienco
and references. Address J. S.. box 3954. Call.
AMERICAN farmer, married man, wishes em-
ployment " as foreman on a ranch ; have had
experience; can give references. Call or ad-
dress R. F. DAWSON, 1920 Francisco St..
East Berkele- Cal.
SITUATION wanted by reliable, experienced
male stenographer, 26 years of age; under-
stands bookkeeping thoroughly; good refer-
ences; interview solicited. Box 3968, Call.
BLACKSMITH and practical horseshoer wishes
position on ranch or In shop In small town,
or would rent shop and tools. Box S962, CaU.
CIVIL war veteran wants position as watch-
man; good references. Address box 3965, Call.
WANTED, by sober, middle-aged man, a sit-
uation about private place; care of horse, cow
and garden; good home looked for rather than
high wagea. Box 3956. Call.
YOUNG man wishes, outside salaried position
for reliable firm; wide business acquaintance
In city; reference and bond; no triflers. Box
S949. Call office.
STEADT, reliable young man would like Job
of driving a delivery or small milk route in
country town; wages reasonable. Address
room 21, 409H Twelfth St., Oakland.
MAN of SO, with somn experience in cabinet-
making and millwork. wants any kind of
work; shop or factory preferred. Box 8905,
Call office.
WANTED— By middle-aged ' American man
with references, situation in private family
as butler; good home with modest wages de-
sired. Box 3944, Call office.
POSITION as cashier by young man of ex-
perience: restaurant preferred; can keep
books. Box 3950. Call office.
I WOULD like situation In private family as
hoBtler: understand the care of horses and
can milk. Box 394?, Call office.
BARKEEPER; sober ycung married man seek-
ing Eteady position; German; 25. B. BIER-
BAUM. S31 Harrison et.
GOOD eober cook In Fmall hotel or boarding-
Tiouse; city or country. Box 3997, Call.
EARBER. experienced, union man, wants po-
sition evenings. Saturday and Sunday. Box
3340. Call office.
ASSAYER several years' experience, has own
outfit, wishes position with mining company;
best of references. Box 3943. Call office.
POSITION wanted by experienced valet; club
or private gentleman; reference. Box 3399,
Call office.
YOUNG man (German) would. like position as
bartender: city or country; good • references.
Address G. M.. 1104 Larkln st.
EXPERIENCED young man desires a position
as assistant engineer or fireman. In mines
preferred. Box 769. Call office.
EXPERIENCED office man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other office work;
security given It wanted. A. B. box 722, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2?00 Fillmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in Amerlca-The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States. po^tpaH. for tl per year.
EXTENSIOX OF PATE NT.
EXTENSION of Protert-Captaln Th. Henke,
master of the German ship Gertrud (Q. G.
D. -T.). will extend his protest on 'Wednes-
day, December 26, 1900, at 10 o'clock a. m..
at the office of the Imperial German consulate
at this city, 318 Sacramento st. San Fran-
cisco. December 21. 1SC0. O. LOHAN, Im-
perial German Vice Consul.
FLATS TO LET.
B-ROOM fla.t. £09 Grove St., $18; 6- room flat,
609V4 Grove at.. .$22 CO. .
HARRISON. 1122B — 6- room flat: modern Irnl
provements: must be seen to be appreciated.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MODERN 4 rooms and bath; yard and cellar.
312 'Waller at., near Flllmore.
FEW steps from City Hall; fine flat, 6 rooms
and bath. 10 Grove st
$7— 4-ROOM.flats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI. -
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat for rale: furniture and car-
pets brand new; rent $30; location choice.
Address A. B.. box 20f0, CrII office.
FRATERNAL.
'CHOSEN FRIENDS" who are not over 65 and
In ifood health will llnd ¦ a proposition that
will Interest them by calling on or writing
to 8. A. D. JONES, 413 Claus Spreckels
building, city. . ?
~ FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $48 40. wlthNo, 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FLAT for sale ' cheap. Inquire at 633 Geary
St., between 10 and 12 a. m.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie. 761.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.,
see W. E. CODY, 7C7 Mission, tel. Red 3353.
A. WOLLPERT. 773-MUslon at., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— I* Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 691;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Mar-sville. $22-50. fare paid; Wait-
ress, Marysvllle, $3); waitress, Colusa, $20,
rare paid; waitress. Pacific Grove," $20. fare
paid; Gait, $20; Napa, $24; Bakersfleld, $20,
fare paid; 2 waitresses, city, $20; lunch wait-
resses, $4 50, no Sunday work; restaurant
waitress, £6
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
German or Swedish girl for -two In family,
country. $30, fare paid, see party -here; - 2
housegirls for small American families. Con-
tra Costa County. $20 each, fares paid; cook
and houRegirls. city, $25. $20, $15. C- R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. -„„... . .
A — THREE first -class waitresses " to • go* south,
$20, faro paid. C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. " " > - : .
WANTED— Neat girl for general ¦ cooking . and
housework in. small family at Merced; every-
thing convenient; wages $3 per week. In-
quire 1-2 p. m. parlor . Grand Hotel to-day.
WANTED— Girl for general housework, small
family. Apply Saturday between 1 and i p.
m.. or Monday between 9 and 12. 2342 Post st.
EXPERIENCED lady to take charge of dis-
tributing room at Eureka. Laundry. 20-22 Col-
llngwood st. ,
MIDDLE-AGED woman to care for Invalid
lady: good home; wages $10 month. Call
afternoon room 38, Phelan building.' .". ...•
YOUNG girl to assist In housework and care
of baby. ! Call at 1042 Ellis st. ..,--. „¦:;.
STRONG girl or woman for general housework;
no washing; 120. 810 Mission • st_ - - -
MIDDLE-AGED woman or girl to do general
housework by the day. 9114 Larkln st.
HELP WAVT-ED— FEMALE}. : 7 :^ ¦}
A— WANTED— An attendant for children in an
Institution near city, $25 per | month, board,
room and laundry; a woman not under 30
years of age and of a kind disposition re-
qulred. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A GIRL for general housework; references. 1418
- Larkln at. ¦
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, S2H Fremont
st. Apply to MB, DAVIS.
GIRLS wanted to wrap packages and pack
candles at TOWNSEND'S, 639 Market St.,
Palace Hotel. .
GIRL for general housework; family of four;
references: wages $20. Apply 722 Broderick
et., near McAllister, Saturday forenoon.
NEAT middle-aged woman for cook and general
housework, Oakland; wages $20. Address box
2066, CaU office. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED-MILE.
AT C. R. HANSE?T&'c : o7i3!7]. Phone Grant 185
RAILROAD WORK
Teamsters, laborers and tunnel men, free
fare ...free fare
3 miners, asphalt mine, $2 a day: Scandina-
vian or German milker, $30 to $33: harness-
maker, ranch. $30; 20 tlemakers, 12c a tie,
fare advanced.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...'.
Meat cook. Institution, country, $45; camp
cook, $50; polisher and starcher, country laun-
dry, $50 :
4 colored ¦ waiters, country hotel, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— BARKEEPER, country hotel. $85 and found.
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 185
A corresbondent familiar with Eastern and
Coast trade in fruits, salmon and general line
of products; good salary.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY. ...PHONE MAIN 584S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Farmer and wife for vineyard, see boss here..
pruners for vineyard, see boss here
buggy washer, country stable $50
2 more single hand minors carriage painters
3 laborers to clear land $45
cabinet-maker » milk wagon driver
tlemakers, 9c to 12c; woodchoppers, 5L $1 50,
$2 and $3 per cord
A— HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS
Butchers, countryl man and wife for the
mines; cook and wife, country hotel; 8 cooks,
$30 to J50: chef cook, city. $60: waiter. $10
week: bakers, etc. MURRAY A. READT, 634-
636 Clay st.
A— SOUTER, the pruner, please call. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A — S HARD wood bench hands, carpenters, cab-
inet-makers and non-union mechanics of other
crafts please register; new Jobs dally; no
office fees. Mechanics' Registration Bureau,
410 Kearny st., room 9-
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
free employ, bureau; only recog. union bar-
bers. 115 Turk; tel. Folsom 1SS3. I. Less, sec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1M.
FAITHFUL persons to travel ; salary $7R0 and
expenses; no canvassing; Inclose self-adressed
stamped envelope. Colonial Co., Chicago.
¦WANTED— All-round butcher for country tovrn
who plays cornet or barytone; good Job; young
man preferred. Address box 3961, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber shon for sale; finest lo-
cation In Oakland. Call at WILL & FINCK'S,
818 Market St., San Francisco.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1872 Union ot.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 721 O'Far-
rell st.
EARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1322 Pow-
ell st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 519 Kearny
street.
BARBER wanted. 666 Mission St.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1613 Mis-
sion st,
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday. 414 Mont-
gomery ave.'
WANTED— A barber for Saturday. 3152 Six-
teenth Bt.
WANTED— A barber to run a shop at 321
• Eighth st. ; call early.
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday; wages
J3. 60D Broadway.
GOOD and experienced markers wanted at Eu-
reka Laundry Co.. 20 and 22 Colling-wood st.
WANTED— Tailor. ROOS BROS., 23-37 Kear-
ny st.
BUSHELMAN wanted; good wages. PAUSON
& CO.. 200 Kearny st.
WANTED — An extra cook for Saturday and
Sunday at 29 Stockton st.
WANTED— A night watchman. 95 Steuart st.
BOY wanted. Union Square Market, stalls 1
and 3. ¦
DISHWASHER wanted at 439 Geary St.,
Lowell House; $10; reference.
TOUNG man about 18 to learn barber trade
• free: private shop. Box 3939. Call office.
ORNAMENTAL brass and iron workers. S. F.
Novelty Works, corner Bay and Stockton eta.
WANTED— Young man In tin shop to learn
trade; 17 years of age. 633 Mission st.
AN Al eteward for large cafe; must furnish
refs.; young man preferred. Box 39 !7, 'Call.
BOYS wanted for the holidays. Apply at 607
Market st.
GET your shoes half-uoled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2.1 sts.
WANTED— Popular man employed In the me-
. chanical department of the Union Iron Works
to represent us during 'his leisure moments;
S100 per week for next year can easily be
made by right party. Address In confidence
box 2SC8, Call ofllce.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
• S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the n?es of 21 and 35; not
leps • than 5 f «et 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch in height; able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine necruitlng Office, 40 Ellis
st.. Pan Francisco, Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'8
BARBER COLLEGE, C35 Clay^gt.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
ALL sizes men's shoe.3. slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c. and
20c. Boston House. £30 Howard St.
PENSIONS-J. H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
; firm, SOG Market, room 40, Phelan bulldlngi
MKN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard St.,
S. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. T. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rcoms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia st. ' '¦ ¦
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANY case of Piles. Plies. Piles, Piles; over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no lnterfer-
. ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HOUSES. LIVIS STOCK. Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale;' also wagons, buggies,
. carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. : -
FRESH cow; gentle. 204 Congo St.'. Sunnyslde.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages,' sent to : any address In the
• United States or Canada one year for |1.
HOUSES TO LET. ' # V - ~~
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
. HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE with large grounds for garden In or
¦as near 'city as possible. 'Address box 2065,
CaU office. -"•'-. r'-^'
s HYPXOTIS3K; ¦¦'
PROF. RAYMOND-Strlctly .reliable;'' teachea
hypnotism In five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
IX VALID CHAIRS AKD TRIU V C LES.
EOLD and rented; manfr. of the Kamea tricycle
. chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market sL
LOST AXD FOPXD.
LEFT on boat San Rafael on Monday, the 17th,
a valise with name MRS. V. J. B. CHEDA.
San Rafael. Return to Marln County Bank,
San Rafael; liberal reward; or Mr. Charles
Grandjean. with Shreve & Co., Jewelers. -
LOST— A purse. Friday p. "m. on Halght-st.
car, near Kearny. Return to CAREW &
ENGLISH, 41 Van Ness ave., and receive
reward. :\ ¦' ¦•.•_'•¦
LOST— Near Fourth-st bridge, card case con-
taining - numbers and weights of coal cars.
Return to 745 Brannan st. ; reward.
$23 REWARD— Lost while shopping, lady's dia-
mond solitaire ring, on Tuesday afternoon be-
tween half past 3 and 5 o'clock; probably at
etore of either Davis, Schonwasser & Co. or
White House. Apply 101 Chronicle bulhtlng.
LOST— Embroidered centerpiece, vicinity Kear-
ny and Sutter, Thursday; reward. 1313 Taylor.
MATIUMOXIAL.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy send
10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 70& Ellis »t.
MEDICAL.
URSrvnTKOHU^yTMa^ ice t "sTrcorTsixth—
Safe and reliable ladies' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 23 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 122i Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed : ladles treated can return came
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps dr.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In 8. F., a
cure guaranteed; $3 at of floe; have cured thou-
sands of cases: unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' epe-
ciallst; safe and sure cure, $3: best, care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free. •
LADIES' Home Remedy Co.. 212 Kills st. Pri-
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded; sanatorium.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 323 Kcarny st. ; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy st.
DR. NG TOT KEE cures disease by herbs:
advice free. 704 Sacramento st.. near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SAL...
BOILERS. 'Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont »t.
.BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we tlwuys
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made:
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AN opportunity to secure rich, reliable Jewels
and other handsome holiday gifts at half
Ftore prices; make your selection early.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FINE modern make eealskln for $110. worth
$:<IO. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
BUT a brand new typewriter for $5 lown an<1
15 per month; write for catalogue and pr'.c*.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— DUYS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
DIAMOND cases, ladles' gold watches, Ameri-
can movements, warranted, $27: cost $55; al-
most new. Cal. Loan Office. 32 Stockton st.
SECOND-HAND "Locomobile": having new
boiler made: delivered In S weeks. GEO. A.
ALDRICH. 1253 Market st. ¦
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
EUROPEAN framed paintings' aacrlflced; exhi-
bition dally 2-4 p. m. at 628 Sutter, rms. 4-6.
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEY-
SElt. 206 Clay St.
« H, P. COMPOUND steam engine, complete,
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 614-316-518 Mission st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wo<vl
planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Realw
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and eold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and. fire and bu»-zlar
proof safe. 216 California st.
EAFES-Neu- and second-hand. THE IIEK-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento wt.
MAGIC lp.nterns, new and 2d-han>l: moving
pictures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAKXS.
BILLIARD table wanted; one In good order;
size 4<4x9. Address, stating price, room 147.
Hotel Pleasanton.
WANTED — 2 brood mares, cheap, for ranch
work. SAMUEL MAXWELL, 1085 Howard.
SECOND-HAND pool and billiard table; large
or regulation size preferred. Box 3942. Call.
LADIES' and> gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Bllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folaom 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano fof cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAX. ~
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, wlthout^r^
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry 'the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. CrII 68-69 Donohoe bidg., 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest In Estate?
Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problem* of all sorts and slays
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture 1 , pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you •will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied ; no delay; no
I publicity. Rcoms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 84 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. -Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84S Market
et.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates: chattel'mortgAges; notes and collat- I
orals. J. BROWNSTOXE. 11 Montgomery st. j
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond?. !
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for eld gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc:
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones. |
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co., 222 Pansome, rm. 2.
MONEY loaned on personal property or pianos
without removal. 11G7 Market, bet. 7th & Sth.
CASH loaned on notaries. New Tork plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 221 Parrott bldg.
2% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission: private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st.
MONET loaned salaried' people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs.; city, country; 6% undl-
vlded intB.; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loon Co.. 366 Parrott build-
ing: nun can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY' to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 817 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: connden-
I tlnl: on diamonds, etc. S3 Taylor st. .
CASH loaned to. salaried people on note without
lndorscr. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bulldlne.
TO salaried people without . collaterial or In-
• dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MONEY WANTED.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
' mortgages and Fecurltles. RoomM*. l»t floor,-
Chrontcl? building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
MUSICAL INSTUUMEXTS.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and larsest~hous«
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. S6.
28 and 30 O" Farrell . Bt. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every- '•
thing possible dona to please and satisfy the
customer. . ..
A BIG eale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices; fine large one, $155; num-
ber on time limited; agency Chlckerlng. Ma-
son - & ' Hamlln. Vose. Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O-Farrell St.; open even-
ings. ¦ ." ¦;-.-.¦...,
PIANO, fine upright, must be sold by Monday;
great sacrifice; $150. 1259 Mission st.'
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal upright piano: standard
| make;' leaving city; 'used 2 mo. 792 Ellis.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, ofd and new. , H;
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. It McAllister st.. next Hlb. Bank.
CHICKERING upright, left on storage, $1S7.
Room 36, 217 Geary st
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS. •
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay £ Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and roost re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlma
within three years from date of purchase.
Beantlful new uprights sold for {8 cash and
' $8 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, $4 and 15 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY tc CO.. Steinway dealers, cos/
ner Kcarny and Sutter sts.. Ban Francisco;
. corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land. ¦
NOTWITHSTANDING our enormous sales of
1 the past few days, we are still able to offer
a few bargains for holiday gifts. Good pianos
as low as $100 and many styles at almost
your own price. Open evenings. MAUVAIS,
769 Market st.
DO not be deceived by alluring promises of any
one to give you something for nothing, but
come to a reliable firm like ours and pay. a
fair price and get a piano that will wear and
give satisfaction. You never make a mistake
when you buy a Docker & Son. Packard or
Baumeister. See them and be convinced.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 7S9 Market st. N
A GREAT clearing up sale: all 1900 styles 23
per cent discount. Net bargains for holidays:
Guild .....I. «M
Emerson ' $63
Fisher $85
Decker $135
Steinway upright.' slightly used Jls".
Checkering .-. .» 1215
Hallett & Davis $475
Heine $435
Rent allowed: Installments, $8 down, $8 per
month np: open evenings. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 217 Geary st.
A— BYRON MAUZY'S.
Holiday Barglns In Slightly Used Pianos.
Sohmer. nearly new $450
Byron Mauzy. nearly new 300
Decker & Son. walnut case 225
Steinway & Sons 150
Weber 123
Bord B0
S08-310-312 Post St., opp. Union square. .
3 CARLOADS of pianos arrived to-day, a little
late for holidays, but they must be sold at
some price; easy terms; every Instrument
¦ warranted: open evenings. THE DEWING
CO.. Flood building. »
BARGAINS— Pianos on storage almost given
away; also car fine new pianos stored frcm
• factory: must be sold at once to realize stor-
age and freight: Installments: open, evenings.
• WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1710 Market st.
SFECIAL sal» — Immense reductions: see our
leader, only $150. BRUENN. 208 %ost ?t.
FIRST-CLASS upright piano for sale cheap;
must sell. 815 Laguna st.
A GOOD banjo, mandolin or guitar in exchange
Tor typewriter. Box 3909, Call office.
LARGE 3-pedal upright piano, used 8 mo. : leav-
lng city. 419 Van Ness ave.. nr. McAllister.
THREE- PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights:
small installments. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others, w. B. ALLEN* & CO., 814 Post.
AT KEEFFE*S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new olanos $3 per
mon^i. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to' any address In th«
Trlted States or Canada one year for $1.
rowtage rmlrt.
OIL.
WOO PROMOTION shares In an A No. 1 oil com-
pany at 5c: stock now selling at EOc. Box
33S5. Call office.
JOSEPH B. TOFLITZ, 830 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
" OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory in
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sala or lease; m»*t
wonderful oil field known; over 520 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions;
.have been In Held from start; will gtve you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON,
CARMAN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg.. San
Franctsco: 418 Douglas Block. Los Angeles;
Pf>««herri Wnfel. Ttalf eryfleld.
PALMISTRY.
hTjeroME FOSSELLI. "sclentinc palmlsCsiS
Taylnr nt.. bet. Ceary and Pout: tel. Bla^V Sffl.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
- GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
J>ERSOXALS.
OWEN McCABE. Importer, dealer In feathers:
hair mattrees and pillow manufactory; oil
feathe.-s renowted and purified; ill feathers
sold warranted well dressed with my patent
steam renovator. S70 Mission, tel. Jeasie 1114.
REFINED, educated gentleman, 43, with best
references, would correspond with lady of
means; object matrimony; correspondence
absolutely confidential. Addreas box Z067. Call.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Us natural color; Jl; at all druggists.
POSTAL cards with views exchanged for col-
lections. Address ABRAM CHIRICH. Bel-
grade. Servla, Kurope.
PRIVATK detective work; reasonable rates: 10
yeare' experience. J. B. RAY, 857 Jessie st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 732,
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed; fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment rr
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 31S and 320 11th st.
PICTURES and picture frames of all deserip-
ttona made to order; portraits enlarged; we
-!-> all kinds of frainlrsr. California Frame Co .
S>?r. Ifi-nrml: upen evenings; teL Howard 1073.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to Jl SO per night; Jl 50 to $S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Superfluous hair removed with electric needle;
'electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles;
all branches laurht. Miss Eaton, 1119 Sutter.
HAIR r.«t>'ilvely grown en bald heacs by pur-«l;^
v?.!abl» cr-mround. atsolute »;iooi. *-*ll «>r
address DR. O. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary st.". S.F.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. Ill* Market St.. be-
tween Seventh and Klghth.
WHITK enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or dcuble, J2 K. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1S10-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
FINE Milts. $10: dress pants. $2 71 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 60 DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 33<> Kearny St., near Pine.
DANICHEFF sells holiday glove orders.good for
gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant ave.
MASQUERADH costumes, play books, wins;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 23c; all druggists.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Taiior-
lng Co.. 1844 Mkt.. undjr St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD cold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
CHEAPEST and beat in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for jl
postage nald.
; PHYSICIANS AXD SlinGEOAS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and resldeno*
1C21H Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh!
CANCERS and tumors cured without surgical
¦ operation. DR. J. H. REEVE. 26% Kearny.
REAL ESTATE- Cl'iY FOd SALE.
BEGIN the New Year by resol ving~to get "your
home, and here Is the opportunity; one of the
choicest lots in Richmond for sale on easy
terms: Jim. payment J30; quarterly payments
$40; well located and on the elevated ground-
west side of Tenth ave., a few steps from the
corner of Clement and Tenth eve.; 23x1*0 ft.-
price $S0O; all street work done; graded; gas'
water and electricity ready to turn on; elec-
tric cars pass avery few minutes; this choice
lot cost $1200 over 10 years ago; no lot like
this, and with all its advantages for a home
can be purchased on such terms and so cheap-
both Installments of taxes paid up to next
year. W. J. OUNN. 530 California st be-
. tween Montgomery and Kearny.
' IF. you have property ' north of the Park and
you wleh to sell quickly, then call on W J
GUNN, 630 California st.
WANTED— To purchase lots. between First and
n Twelfth aves.. Lake and D sts. W. J GUNN
! 630 California St., oelween Montgomery *ard
Kearny. ...
OWNERS of property in the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J; GUNN. E30 California.
st.. S. F. Savings Union building. <^~" 4ornla
BARGAIN— The last of those fine cottages at
30th and Church sts.; 5 rooms; all modern lm
provements and 3-room flat In lower floor"
email amount caeh. balance same as rent- see
owner on premises. ' ""*
$500 COMMISSION for the first party who
brings a purchaser for a fine business corner
In the city; price $20.CC0: pays 7 per cent on
Investment. PATTERSON & CO 11 Cltv
. Hall square. " .. '*"
* 8^« B^? H f ? r t 7° \ ota jJ! W cash - * :o P« r month";
no Interest. Apply 323 Clement st.
MO .«™ I \ X h ? U " ?S J? u J U: J? WMt Prtces: plans and
¦ estimates furnished., Campbell. 1147 Mission.
C rfn VP i I i ST and ***** « n Ameriea-The Weekly
v SiLi l eP 11 *" 1 ' * ent t0 lay address In the
tnlted States or Canada one year for V?
REAL ESTATE — COtnVTHY— -For Sale
17000—700 ACRES^situated ; In San B«niti> Cfc7
IS miles from Holllster; 20 acres bearing or-
* chard; 1C0 acres nearly level: balance rich
- rolling hills; common farm bulldlcgs; land Is
suitable for fruit, hay'and stock raising; will
sell very cheap or exchange for residence or
small acreage around the bay. W. G. GRIF>
PITH, rma I11-3U-313 Hearst Bldg.
43.0CO ACRES of fine Iaads. suitable for farm-
Ing or- grazing.
20.0CO acres of fine timber lands, at twenty-
n\-e cents per acre: wortn investigating.
JOHN E1.DER CO.. OA Market st.
CIRCULARS free of hundreds of farms In all
parts of the State; stock farms, fruit farma.
chicken ranches. Call at office or writs.
MARION ORIFFI/-:. 719 Market, nr. Call big.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the J000 ranch-
m on my sale and exchange list — more than
all other agents In city: state what's wanted.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. « Peary «t.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call. II
pares. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ONE of the most elegant homes in the city of
Alameda at a sacrifice."
One excellent house, 8 rooms, servant's room
and bath. In the best part of Alameda. will b«
sold at a great bargain. LEONARD St LEON-
ARD. 205 Montjromery St.. San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1H8 BROADWAY.
. REAL ESTATE TO EXCIIA.NGD.
NEW -ottage. > rais.. bath: lot SOzlOO: Mission:
rents! terms: and vacant lots. 413 Kearny st.
OAKLAND FCH.XITUHE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT, 414—3 pleasant sunny connecting
unfurnished rooms; sink; bath.
DEVISADERO. 1S23— Large sunny bay-window
front room for light housekeeping; rent HO.
MARKET, nr. Mason— Large sunny front rm.,
kitchen, folding bed, gas. $12. Call 342 Keamy.
NATOMA. 701. cor. Eighth— Nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; man and wife.
OAK. 123— Nicely furnished room, completa for
housekeeping, $7.
TURK. 16— t nicely furnished front rooms for
housekeeping In private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnee. 3200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia St.
BOOMS TO LET — Fnra. and Unfara.
ANY person deeirtng board, board and room,
furnished and unfurnished rooms, furnished
and unfurnished apartments, furnished and
unfurnished flats; housekeeping rooms, houses
furnished and unfurnished, please call and
examine our list; we have largest and most
satisfactory selection in the city; we make
no charge for services; tel. Red Z334. Elder
Rental information Bureau, «36 Market st.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14$ Sixth— Rooms 25o
to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping ; open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old NcI 1384)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. S20 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rms. : day. 25c up; wk., $1 50 up. Mrs. P. Rani t.
CLIFFORD. *H Ellis, cor. Mason— EMe«-antly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 632— Pleasant, sunny suite of rooms suit-
able for one or more gentlemen.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Sevanth,
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en sulta or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GEARY, 4K<The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms: suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 813%— Large furnlshe^l sunny room.
LAS PALMAS. ISM Market St.— Suite of 2 or I
rms.: private: bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
LETWIS place. IS — Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let: single or en suite.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st-Nicely
furnished rooms. $3 a week up; 35c a day up.
OTARREIJ* 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offlcea; elevator: elactrtc lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Sunny front bay-window
rooms; gas, bath, phone, S15; double room. V.
POST. »43— A biy-window alcove furnished
room, with running water.
ROYAL House, 125 Ellis st. — Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night. 32c to $1 50: week, $2 to
$8; month. $S to J30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and coid water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 3X3 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 29 Eighth st.
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER. 3I0H— Chamred hands: newly reno-
vated; single rooms, $S; suites, $13 to $23 mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valewla st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the clJ Stevenson mansion, opp. Grac*
Church, with annex SOT California, st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rocms at modest rates.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WAXTEDi
BOARD w it h sunn y room7by~gent ; state~pric«7
box 3366. Call office.
, SPECIAL XOTICES.
OFFICE of theCollectorof Customs. Port of Saa
Francisco. Cal.. December IS. 1900 — Notice Is
hereby given that the Commissioner of Navi-
gation, under date of December 13. 1900. has
authorized a change In the name of the steam
tug L. LUCKENBACH to DEFIANCE. Said
vessel was built in 18S9; official number 141.-
021: gross tonnage 241: owner. J. D. Sprockela
& Bros. Company. F. S. STRATTON, Col-
lector of Customs.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41S Montiromery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. S3S0.
SEWIXG .MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES-
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
ALL* kinds bought, sold, rented, axehanged. re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1134. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 14.'. 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
"WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 723 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1540; shipping at cut rate*.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^wi
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewrttar
Exchange. 53S California; telephone Main ZSS.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. 4 II. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st.
ASSESSMEXT XOTICES.
ASSESSMENT Notice— Honolulu Plantation
Company, location of principal place of busi-
ness. San Francisco. Cal.— Notice is hereby
given that at a meeting of the board of di-
rectors, held on- the. 17th day of December.
1300, an assessment. No. 3, of one ($1) dollar
per share was levied upon the capital stock
ot the corporation, payable- Immediately In
United States gold coin, to the secretary, at
the office of the company. 527 Market street,
San Francisco. Cal.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 30th day of January.
1901. will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment is
made -before, will be sold on Tuesday, thst
19th day of February. 1301. to pay the de-
linquent assessment, together with the cost
of advertising and expenses of sale
. E. H. SHEIKDOM
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation ComMnr
Office located at J27 Market street. Ban
Francisco, Cal.
ASSESSMENT Notice— Honolulu Sugar Com"
pany. location of principal place of bualneaa
San Francisco. CaU— Notice is hereby g-lveri
that at a meeting of the board of directors
held on the 17th day of Dtcmber. R
assessment. No 11. of nine (19) dollars per
share was levied upon the capital stock of thT
F?ancU h . e c^. mPany ' W Market '«*•*&
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid en the 30th day of SiniXlv
190L will be delinquent «vd^ vert ,*£?*£;
sale at public auction, and unless t£™1~1
is made before will b* sold on i SUX^J?
13th day of February? "m °to 2*
llmjuent assessment, together^wiST tli J!i
of advertising and expenses'^ »ate ""ISAN JOSE. Dec. 2L— Mr». .M.
man, who was swindled out of $950 a few
days aro by the promoters, of the late
minstrel show,- to-day made a complaint
in Justice Roseritlial's court charging
L. littell- with obtaining' $360 from her
under false pretenses. Yesterday the samo
complaint was made against -Fred ¦» SaJ
keld. a companion' of. Littell. The police
and Sheriff* office aro makin«r an •o
dea.vor to capture the men.
Complaint Against' Littell.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W L Pritchard. i^acto
F Paul. Sebastopo!
F Lm, N Y
E A Trefethin. Lathrcp i
G Pacheco. IgTiario
A H Sweeny. Fresno
Miss Wells * sis. Cali
W Anderson, Cal
B F Hall & w. Cal
S Barghcrn, Moscow
J B Mullay.. Portland
E H Movlns, Buffalo
C J Ccx & w. Elmo
Mits B Caldwell. Elmo'
I L Miller. Bkrsfield j
J J Goldsworthy. Mex
F TV Tanton & fam.
San Joe* •
H Gichwold, El Paso
J H La Rue. Los Ang
G Armstrong. L Ang
J Shaw. Philadelphia
E 3 Lewis, Cal
G B. Noden, Brit Col
P H Webste», Mlnturn
Dr J L Howard, Cal
A Anderson. Suisu*-
O C Macktle A w, Cal
P Krager, Petaluma .
H Allery. Cal
W K Reed; Menlo Pk
W J Rogers. San Jose I
G T Sanborn. Ptanfd
W S Moore, L Palmos
W W Scott, Cal
M B Sneden. Niles
W T Lobbe. Stanford
P B Smith, Stanford
E J Elliott. Stanford
M N Bill. Everett
H M Reed & w. Reedby
J W Knox. Merced
W F Geerce, Facto
H J HalfhiU. L, An*
LEC Jordan & w. Cal
C B Steuart, SUnford
Mrs J H Glide, Eacto
Miss Gild*, Sacto •
J B Coe & w Portland
J E Harper, Reno
A D Graham, Chgo
A E Bradbury, Evan-
Eton
J I. Berla. 6t Louis
H J Currey & w. Cal
C M Hatcher, Salln&s
J A Allen. VIsalla
E H Vrar, Chicago
C F Prentiss, Eacto
H N Schrad & w. Cal
Ml«s M McLeron, Cal
A Kraus, San Jose
A M Allen. Monterey
PALACE HOTEI*.
H B Wood * w, Cal .
A Bingham. Marysnile
T Springer, Chicago
E H Cox, Madera
C B Shaver. Fresno
E Doheny * w. L Ang
G Nixon' & w. Nevada
i A Hardln. Nevada
M1«s Hardin. Ne\-ada
K W Brown, Fretno
T Flint Jr. 6 Juan
J E Halt, Chicago
O L Clarke. Chicago
E O Preaton, Boston
W G Blatt, Detroit
J C Galr. Chicago y
E H McCIurr. S Loels
¦R D H Vroom. N Y .
J E Levl, NY
G S Nixon, Nevada-
D J Norton, N Y.
J E Steinbeck, Salinas
Mrs Stembeck. Salinas
E O Strout. Stanford
Mrs R T Evans, CaJ
Mrs Taylor. Livermore
Miss Edwards. Stanfd
Miss Dubbs, Stanford
J W* Bmythe. Pa
A Havana jrh. U S N
H E Van Duyne, N Y
Dr Jenny.. Bait Lake
Mrs Jenny, Bait Lake
L H Fallerman, N Y
Mle« Fallennan. N Y
C J Murphy. Palo Alto
NUTV WESTERN HOTEL.
O Van Bonne. Denrer |
J C L*wa. Denver >
J E Miller. Tehama !
E E Hyde. Santa Rosa'
S Williams. Sta Ro*a
S A Hagey, Alameda
B L Fisher. Alaineda.
C Hortman. Beniela
C M Croismann, Or i
Mrs M CroMmann, Or i
E Lj-odd, Or i
F FUher, Colo i
R w Hawley, Idaho
W T Johnsoh Aw.
Idaho
J Htuwr, W Walla
Mrs F H Emerson & .
child. Idaho
H D Beardsley. B Jose
T York, San Jose
A P.Tydell & w.^Seatt
S G Beare*. - TaeOina
J Hanson, Stockton
F M Traveler. W Walla
FRIDAY. Dec. 21—4 p. m.
BId.Atk.l * Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....:....... 02 03 Justice 02 03
Alta V...'.. .'..... 04- "OS^entuck ....:.. — 03
•Andes .......... 06 08 Lady Wash.:... — ' 03
Belcher .:..:...* 13 14 Mexican 23 31
Best & Belcher.? 23 - 24 Occidental .....: 04 OS
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 60 63
Caledonia'......' 48 4S Overman : .' 09 10
Chollar ...-.13 ': 14 Potosi ;.:..,.... 12 14
Challenge Con.'.= 17 20;Savaye ::....... 13 15
Confidence ...... 55 57iScorplon -....„.• — . 04
Con Cal & Va..l 40 1 45 Segr Belcher.... 02 04
Con ; Imperial. ;.-.— ¦ Oil Sierra Nevada. : 24 23
Con New York.. 01 — Silver Hill...... 4« 4S
Eureka; Con..:: — 35 St Louis.;.....,, — 10
Crown Point.;.- 10 11 Standard .......3 05 —
Exchequer^ :....- —"-.'03' Syndicate — 12
Gould & Curry./ 32 .''34 Union Con....:.. IS '13
Hale & Norcrs. 17 18 Utah .......:.... 05 06
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 16 17
CLOSING... QUOTATIONS.
200 Beat & Belcher. 23 SO Gould & Curry. 32
600 Challenge Con. 17 '2M Hale & Norcrs. 17
200 Chollar ...'...... 13 300 Savage .. ... i.>
150 Con Cal St V.I 47Vi 200 Sierra Nevada.' 25
SO Gould Is. Curry. 35 : - ¦
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 071 200 Con C« I & V...1 «5
600 B*lcher 14 500 Crown Point... 19
2«> Caledonia ...... 45 200 Hale & Norcrs. 19
$no Chollar .....:... 14J- 200 Hale A Norcr*. 1«
100 Con Cal A V...1 50 V<0 Ophir ........... *l
•00 Con Cah& V.l 4TUt 5"O Savage 15
Mornlnsr Session
Following w«re the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:' .-"
25 Caledonia .." 40 400 Sierra Nevada. 24
600 Con Cal & Va..l 45 200 Silver Hill 45
400 Crown Point./. It) 300 ITmon Con .. 13
400 Hale & Norcrt. 1" 100 Union Con 18
70O Mexican .."...... 30 1M> Yellow Jacket.. 17
200 Ophlr ....-- 62 300 Yellow Jacket.. 18
200 Ophir~. .......... 61 : m
Afternoon Session.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
-, ., .Morning" Session. , -
lOO'Ande* CT 100 Hale A Norcr*. 13
400 Bent & Belcher. 25 400 Mexican 31
100 Best & Belcher. 2S 100 Ophir T. 63
ICO Challenge IS SCO Ophlr 64
- 200 Con Cal * Vt..l 50 200 Savage -.... 15
100 Con Cal & Va..l «• 6fK) Sierra Nevada. 23
1C0 Crown Point... 10 200 Union Con 20
200 Gould & Curry. 36 , 200 Yellow Jacket.. 17
100 Gould & Curry. 33
MINING ' STOCKS,
FRIDAY,. Dec. 21—2:30 p. m.
STOCK, y r. Bid] Asked.-
Buckhorn — * OO
California Standasd 34 ' ' 35 <
Caribou . «0 — li
Four *S 50
Hanford ; — 120 00
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River .. 43- 45
Home .3 90 4 00
Junction — 62
Kern River 15 50 IS 00
Lion Oil CO........ 23 -24
McKittrick Consolidated — ' - 63
Monarch of Arizona... — - 44
McKittrick , ZS y 4<>
Monte CrUto 1 55 1 65
Oil City Petroleum 28 00^ — s-
Petroleum Center ; 20 21
Reed Crud? 54 55
Rex ...........: — 65
Fan Francisco and McKittrick ISO — '
San Joaquin O. and D. Co 9 50 9 62Vt
Sterling O. and D. Co 2 55 — .
Twenty-Eight ...%... 235 240
West Shore 3 25 3 50
Yukon". ..—. — 55
PltUburg .- 2S 40
Wolverlna .X f " — 1 45
I*or New National Park.
WASHINGTON. \ Dec, 21.—Represent
ative, Lacey of- Iowa to-day introduced a
bill providing for, a "Cliff Dwellers'. Na
tional Park/ 1 , It provides . for ? setting
aside », large tract, of. public land in New
Mexico for. the purpose of preserving the
prehistoric caves and .ruins 'of the- cliff
dwellers and other ¦ relics * thereon. ¦
PARIS, 111., Dec. 21.— Preserving to the
last the eilence with which he has shroud
ed his identity, John Owens, alias ¦ Had
cllffe, -went bravely to an- Ignominious
death on the gallows to-day for the brutal
murder of James F. Hogue of this city on
September 2. About 200 persons were pres
ent at the hanging. .
Shooting • Affray in -Florida.
TALLAHASSEE. Fla,. . Dec. 2L— News
reached. here to-day of a serious shooting
affray over business matters at Sopchop
py. thirty miles from thfs city, last night
between State Senator W. C- Rouse, E«i
gar Kims. -A, E. Edwards and Frank
Walker. Nlms was shov dead and ' Rouse
has since died. The other 'two : were
wounded.
Murderer of Hogue Preserves Silence
as to His Identity' to th'etLV;,
¦ . '. Last. '
JOHN OWENS BRAVELY ; c
GOES TO HIS DEATH
¦ "WASHINGTON. Dec; 21.— The Commis
sioner of the General Land Office has
rendered a decision, holding that the filing
of reservoir elte declaratory statements
In the West upon the public domain with
the intention of constructing reservoirs,
is done with the understanding: that til
ings or other adverse entries will.be al
lowed by the General Land Office during
the pendency of the reservoir declaratory
statement and take precedence of it in the
event that the party first filing does not
comply with the law. - • -,-
This ruling on. the part of the commis
sioner. Is the reialt of information reach
ing him of an alleged abuse of the exist
ing law permitting the filing of declara
tory statements. It 1b said that many
persona avail . themselves of the ' right
merely -to appropriate land thereunder,
having no intention of constructing reser
voirs, thus preventing in the meanwhile
the Initiation of other rights subject to
non-compliance with the law under the
first filing.- ... ..
Adverse Entries -Will .' Be Allowed
During- Pendency of I>eclara
tory Statement.
BULING ON -FILING
OF. KESEKVOIR CLAIMS
No Business Transacted in Either
the Senate or the "
House.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— Xo business
•w-as transacted by the Senate to-day. The
news of ths death of Mrs. William P.
Frye, wife "of the president pro- tem. of
the Senate, was conveyed officially, to the
body, and out of respect to -her memory
an immediate adjournment was taken un
til Januarys. 1901. . .
Senator Fairbanks of Indiana called
thelbody to order and Rev. W." H. Mil
burn pronounced a beautiful Invocation.
The secretary then read a letter from
Senator Frye appointing Senator Fair
banks presiding ottlcer during his absence
from the Senate.
Meantime a conference of Senators had
been held on the order of business. The
reading- of the Journal was suspended and
at 12:05 p. m., on motion of Mr. Hoar, the
Senate adjourned until January 3, 1901.
When the House met to-day there were
less than 100 members on the floor. The
majority of the members had already de
parted for their homes to spend the holi
day recess. The chaplain In his invoca
tion referred tenderly to the death of Mrs.
Frye. wife of Senator Frye, and to that
cf Representative Wise, of Virginia.
After the approval of the journal some
routine business was transacted by unan
imous consent.
Mr. Jones of Virginia then announced
the death of Representative Wise of Vir
ginia, wbich occurred at Williamsburg,
Va., this morning. Hs offered the cus
tomary resolution", which were adopted,
and the Speaker appointed the following
committee to attend the funeral: .
Messrs. Weeks of Michigan, Aldrich of
Alabama, Kahn of California, Roberts of
Massachusetts, Miner of Wisconsin, Brick
of Indiana, Jones of Virginia, Swanson
of Virginia. Otey of Virginia, Rlxey of
Virginia, Hay of Virginia. Lamb- of Vir
ginia, Quarles of Virginia, Rhea of Vir
ginia, Lassiter pf Virginia, Lloyd of Mis
souri and Gaines of Tennessee. .
Then, at 12:25, as a further mirk of re
spect "to the memory of the deceased, the
House adjourned until- January. 3, 1901.
CONGBESS A17JOTTENS
FOE HOLIDAY VACATION
Faustina H. Paulln (Bllnn) and Rasnar F.
Paulln to James Gough, lot on X line of Ellis
street, 137:6 E of Gough. E 27:6 by N 120; also
rortlon of lot on Olive avenue, beginning 120
N of Ellis street and 137:6 E of Gough, E 27:6
by N 17:6; $6100. , • .
Daniel Buckley to Charles Blach, lot . on 8
line of Ellis street, 205:6 E of Buchanan. B
25 by S 1M (quitclaim deed): 110.
Catherine M^ Atkinson to Edwin T. Cooper. '
lot on S line of Jackson street, '187:6 W of
Locust, W 40 by S 127 :8U: $3500.. ¦ - :
John and Mary Jones to Edward W. Jones,
lot on B line of Folsom street, 171 N of Thir
teenth. N 24. E SO. S 22:5%. W SO; gift.
William C. Spencer (trustee) to William M.
Morgan, lot on E line of Stevenson street. 204
X of Fourteenth. N 33:6 by E 65; »000.
Joseph F. Nolan and Maud M. Treadwell
(Nolan) to Fernando Kelson, lot on NW corner
of Eighteenth and Hartford streets, W 150, N
101:7 E 25, S 1:7, E 113, S 100; also lot on W
1'ne 6f Noe street, 100 N of Eighteenth, X
J25 by W 125; J13.C00;
Charles and Sarah Hill to Margaret M. West
wtod (wife of Charles), lot on E line of San
chez. 76:6 N of Valley. X 25 by E 100; JlOOOi
Margaret M. and Charles Westwood to
Charles HiH. ' lot on X line of Jersey street, SO
W of Noe, W 20 by N 100; 12309.
Henry E. and Jennie W. Bechin to Myra A.
Greenwood lot on NW line of Minna street,
4!C:10 XE of Second, XE 40 by XW 80; $10,030.
Henry P. Bowie. George H. and Joseph H.
P. Howard, Agnes H. Hayne. Julia D. Bey
lard and William H: Howard to same, lot on
S line of Mission street. 417:10 E of Second, S
80 by E 32, quitclaim deed; $500.
Bernard Shaw, Flora Short (wtfe of Edwin
X. Short), Lionel and Henry Shaw, Grace E.
Ccates (wife of William W. Coates) to same,
lot on S- line of Mission street. - 418:8 E of
Second. S 80 by E 31:2; KS0O.
Sarah J.. George F. and Charles E. Pettinoa
to Frederic E. Magee. lot on W corner of
Second and Silver streets. XW 70, SW 90. SE
47. XE 30, SE 23, NE *): 15500.
City and County of San Francisco to George
A. Hill, lot on W line of- Mississippi street,
125 N of Mariposa, N 25. W 100. X 25. TV\ 40.
SW S4, E 44, X 25. E 125; I— . *\'\
Solomon and Dora Getz to Elizabeth F. Tu«
ley. lot on W line of Twenty-third avenue,
150 S of Clement street. S BO by "W 120: J300.
Louis Hairls to Sarah Levy, lot on XE line
of" Seventh avenue. 150 SE of M street south.
XE 100 by SE 25, block 122. Central Park Home
stead; grant. •
Same to Rachel Lockyer, lot on XE line of
Seventh avenue, 175 SE - of M street couth.
XE 100 by SE 25. block 122, Central Park Home
stead ; grant. -
James F. Hurl to John and Rose Hurl, lot
on SW line of State street. 375 8E of Levant.
SE 60, SW 125:4. NW 51. XE 118:10, block 13.
Flint Tract Homestead; gift.
Gottlieb Kelchstetter to Anna Relchstetter.
lot on NW corner of Railroad and Tenth ave
nues,'W 194:8, X KW.'.B." 158.52. 8 106.U, block
1S3. O'X. and H. tract: also lot on XW line
of X street south. 23 SW of Tenth avenue, SW
25 by NW 75, block 210, same; gift. .
Elsie T. and Edward Niles to Albert Meyer,
lot 4, block 41. Sunnyslde; J10OO.
Alameda County.
' Henry Mohr>or Henry Hohr and Rosa Mohr
to John W. Xeal. lot on E line of Myrtle street.
>S9""S of- Twenty-sixth. S 50 by E 125. portion
block 52«, on Whitcher map of Northern Addi
tion to Oakland, and being also a portion of
block 637, Boardman"s map, Oakland; $3000,
George and Anna E. Lydlksen. Emily K.
Lathman. George S. and E- M. Haly and Roy
E. and M. A. Longwbrthy (by J. ~B. Lanktree.
commissioner) to Edwin de La Rue, lot on E
corner of East Twenty-third street and Twenty
fourth avenue.- SE 30. XE100. XW 42.S4. SW
100.S2 to beginning, lot 1.'. block C. LathamTer
race,' Brooklyn Township: $2050. " ; ."* •¦
B. Kelsey to Herman O. Brauer. lot 6, block
C Heald Twenty-third Avenue Tract* Brook
lyn Township, quitclaim deed; J10.
Kate Kirkham Wheeler to Thomas P. Hogan.
lot on SB corner of XInth and Oak- streets, E
120 by S 62:6." block 135, ' Kellersberger's map.
Oakland; $4500. : . .
Frank and Pauline Ench to • Carrie B. <Je
Golia (wife of George E.), lot 25, map of Mil
ton Tract. Oakland: also the S half of lot 8,
block 682. Watt* Tract. Map 2. Oakland; also
lot on SW line i of East Twentieth street, 234
SE of Thirteenth avenue, BE 37:6 by SW 300.
East Oakland; also lot on SW- line of .¦-. East
Twentieth street, 2?6:fl SE of < Thirteenth ave
nue, SB 140 to center of creek which is the
boundary llne'between the old towns of Clinton
and San Antonio and the 8 boundary line of
block 113. Clinton, thence-' SW following the
rneanderlngs thereof and of said creek to the
intersection of said boundary line with llhe
drawn parallel to and 296:6 8 from SB line of
Thirteenth avenue, thenc* NB 188 to beginning,
portion of block 113. Clinton. East Oakland;
Arthur and Marie M. Dixon to John C. Ror
er» - all interest -in lot on W line- of Adeline
street. 231:4 S of Falrview, W. 117.4. 8 86.06, E
103 6 X 40 to beginning, portion block 2. on map
of property of A. B. Dlxon.'. Berkeley: $1000.
Morltz and Dorothea, Newhouse to Tlllle Xew
houoe (daughter), lots 45 and 46. on map of
lands of Regent-street rlomestead Association,
Berkeley; gift. . * ';"< I '- ¦¦ > '^ "¦¦ \ i ; ; ?;*
Charles A. Brown to Jane E. Phillips, lot on
¦ W line of San Pablo avenue. 1S3:8 X of Dela
ware street. N 100. W 270. S 150. E 135, X £0.
E 135 to beginning, portion of block 61. -Tract ¦
B Berkeley 'Land and Town Improvement As
sociation. Berkeley: gift.
Marion R. Ober (widow) to J. S. Llnseott.
lot on ¦ SW corner of Delaware and Walnut
streets W 110 by S 133.95H. being lots 6 and 7
and E 10 feet of lot 8, block A, _ Percy Tract.
Martin '• and Thera Petersen to William R.
Jenkin. tots 5 and «. block 20. map of North
Alameda Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
William R. Jenkin to Hannah C. Jenkin,
same, \ Brooklyn Township; gift. * .
".:;•'¦ Builders* Contracts^-
Dora Johnson (wife 1 of F.' W.)" with James
A. Cotter and E. X. Jones (contractors) archi
tect T. Paterson Ross— AH work for a two-story
frame cottage building on (diagram reads lot
on »E corner of Sunset avenue ' and Byfleld
Tract- S 100:7, E »:8V».i K ,106:*H, W 30:2). deed
to owner rerecorded -December * 19. 1000, reads
lot on SB corner of Sunset avenue and- Byfleld
Tract S 100.58 E 29.79. X 105. 2S, W 30.15. block
H. Sunset Heights; ftf&V : : ;, "..,•
- Mrs. Nannie A. Meyerfeld. (owner) with H:
H La-rsen & Bro. (contractors)* architects Sal
field & Kohlberg— Excavation and brtek work
for a • two-story • basement and I attlo (residence
on lot on Sline of California street, 50 W of
Franklin. W ; 70 by 8 1*7:6; $112$.
Same owner with Thomas Elam (contractor),
architects • same— Carpenter work. ' hardware,
glazing ar.d tinning for same on same; $11,750.
Fame owner with Shepard Bros. (contracto»i6).
architects name— Gasftttlng. and plumbing for
same' on same; ?2178. . /
B.-RAT/ ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
•• Morning Session.
S ¦ Board—
400 CaTa-Standard 34
200 Caribou .,..: - 54 j
400 Caribou • 65 I
SCO Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 45 ;
WO Home, Oil ¦:..,: 3 95
200 Monte Crlsto 1 5"ti
J3 Occidental of W Va 65
699 Petroleum Center 21
IM Reed Crude Oil Co, s 10 ¦ 53
SI50 Re*d Crude OH Co 54
120 San Joaqutn Oil and Dev.: 9 12%
50 San Joaquin Oil and Dev, b 5........ 9 12tt
110 San Joaquin Oil aud Der ....; 8 25
2QO San Joaquin Oil and Dev 9 50
100 T,wenty-Kight ..-'.. 2 32^
100 Twenty-Eight 2 35
. iStreet— •
6 Hanford, b 30. 120 00
Afternoon. Session.
Board — .
500 Burlington 23
200 Caribou -57
200 Caribou M
100 Caribou 80
600 Four Oil Co .'. . "49
j 400 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 44
1200 Home Oil : 3 90
¦ 5 Kern River 16 00
100 Lion Oil Co v 24
300 McKlttrlck Consolidated 12
£00 Monarch of Arizona, b 60 45
100 Monarch of Ariiona A . 43
UOOi Petroleum Center • 21
2750 Reed Crude Oil Co 54
200 San Joaquin Oil and Dav.. ......... 9 50
SO San Joaquin Oil and Dev. a 3 9 62^
. 550 Sterling O and D Co .-. '2 55
100 Twenty-Eight 2 37V4
Stree.t '¦ ¦ ' •
250 Home Oil ....^i 3 90
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.:
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrenx'a Fund.228" 235 i. .. . . .. . .-
BANK STOCKS.
An«lo-Cal Ltd. 75 — First KatlonaL310 —
Bank of Cal...«9 412% Lon P & A. ...143 146tf
Cal S D & T.. — 105H Merchants' Ex IS —
SAVINGS BANKS,
Ger S & L. 1860 1900 Mut Sav Bk... 50 —
Hum S ft Li.. — — S F Sav Un... 525 —
Sav & L SeO... — — Union T Co.... — —
Sec Sav Bk...2T5 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....129H — O S L & H.... 39 «
Geary-at 45 — Presidio 17 21
Market-st .... TO — .
POWDER STOCKS.
•California "....— l«0 Vlgorlt » 3?4
Giant Con Co. 83% —
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. — 7U Kilauea S Co.. 20 % 21H
Haw C & S Co 90 - Makawell B Co 41H 41*4
Honokaa S Co. 31H — Onomea S Co. 29Ai —
Huthc S P Co. 25^ — Paauhau S Co. n»» —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Aesn.l23Vil25 Pac A F A... 2 "—
Cal Fruit Asn.102 — Pac C Bor Co.150 151
Her Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co- 12V4 —
Oceanic S Co.. 102 — .
Morning Session.
Board — - .
10 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar.. 91 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar.. 90 50
$3010 Hawaiian C and S Co 5» 103 25
10 Makawell. b 3 41 75
JTOOO Omnibus> Cable 6s... 128 50 j
5 S v Water./.... : 94 oo
J1000 S v. 4s (3d mtgre)... 102 oo
J1000 U S 3« (coup).. .........7............110 00
Street—
M California Fruit Canners' 1C2 374
70 Market Street Railway.:, . .. 70 00
Afternoon Session. •¦
Board— ¦ ' ' . ' :
40 Contra Costa Water. 71 00
45 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar.. 90 50
75 Hutchlnson S P Co .: 25 62%
50 Market. Street Railway 70 25
300 Oceanic S S Co.." 102 00
115 Paauhau S P Co..... 31 GV4
6 S V Water 94 00
75 S F Gas and Electric Co 43 50
Street—
$1000 Omnibus Cable 6* 128 50
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Continued From Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Has Been Before the Courts for Many
Years and Involves 'the Own
ership of Millions of
•'" . -:'v:'-' ' '"'¦: Dollars. '¦-'¦> J':S\ i',*
BOSTON. Dec: a.— Justice Colt, In the
United States ' Circuit Court,- to-day de
cided In favor of the American. Bell Tele
phone Company In the royalty su't
brought, by the Western Union Telegraph
Company.
The case is known as the stock-ticker
case, in which the Western Union sought
to recover $12,000,000 rentals or royalties
under a contract between it* and the Na
tional Bell Telephone Company, the^ de
fendant's predecessor. The case has
been before the courts since 1SS3
and was mainly based • upon a
claim of - twenty ' per cent . of the
profits received by the defendant in re
turn for the telephone business of the
Western Union, which under the contract
was turned .over to the. telephone com
pany. - ...
Decision in Western Union's
Case Is. at Last
Rendered.
BELL TELEPHONE
COMPANY WINS
General Bates reports that a detach
ment of the Fourth United States Caval
ry, assisted by a gunboat, - attacked the
town of Pantangal and dispersed the
armed occupants, killing thirty.
The platform opposes the sal© of the.
Philippines without the consent of the
Legislature. It contains little regarding
Judiciary or local affairs.
The 'leaders of the projected autonomy
party ' have again visited the Philippine
commission and the platform proposed
was discussed privately and \ in an infor
mal way. The Commissioners tho
elimination of a few minor features.
Personally they approve the movement as
a forward step In the direction of the ul
timate measure- of self-government,
which the commission has already been
instructed to endeav6r to bring about.
The plan of the party is to form. United
States Territories involving candidature
for ultimate statehood The platform de
clares in favor of a Senate and House of
Representatives elected from the districts
of the archipelago according to popula
tion. In preparing a bill of rights tho
United States constitution is utilized with
the exception of the features of trial by
Jury- '
According to the plan the Governor Gen
eral appointed by ctha President would
have the power to veto except in cases of
a, two-thirds vote of the Legislature. The
Legislature would clvxjse nve delegates
to the United States Congress.
MANILA, Dec. 21.— Every - ' mountain
trail in General Youngs district north of
the Abra. River and between the coast
and Dolores has been followed up by the
American scouts this month." A similar
movement has taken plate in the province
of Union, Benguet, Lupante and the part
of South Hollo which lies south of the
Abra River. Fifteen insurgents have been
killed and more than a hundred captured.
The, villages are always abandoned be
fore the arrival of the Americans, but
many buildings that have been used as
barracks have been destroyed.
Party ,I>esires to Form -. Territories
With & Senate and Houss of Rep
resentatives Which ' Sh&uid : >
Choose Delegates. - . :
Discuss Future of the Phil
ippines With Com
missioners.
PLANS PROJECTED
BY AUTONOMISTS
Cavalry: Lieutenant colonels— A. B.
Wells, Ninth Cavalrv, now serving in the
Philippines; T. J. AVint, Sixth Cavalry,
also on duty in the Philippines: F. Moore,
Tenth Cavalry, stationed in Manzantllo,
Cuba; H. W. Wessels Jr., Third Cavalry,
in the Philippines; J. N. Wheelan, Sev
enth Cavalry, military attache at Tho
Hague.
Artillery: Lieutenant colonels— E. G.
Smith. Sixth Artillery, stationed at Wasn
ington, D. C, Military Arsenal; G. B.
Rodney, Fifth Artillery, Fort Riley, Kan
sas; C. A. Woodruff, Seventh Artillery,
Fort Slocum; D. H. Kinzle, First Artil
lery,. Fort Barranca3, Florida; J. R. My
rick. Second Artillery. Fort Monroe, Vir
ginia. . - . - ¦
Infantry: ! Lieutenant colonels — P. II.
Ellis, Eighth Infantry; "William M. Van
horn, Eighteenth Infantry, now on sick
leave; M. Hooton. Fifth. Infantry, Fort
Sheridan; C. W. Williams, Fifteenth In
fantry: A. W. Corliss, Second Infantry, in
the Philippines.
President McKinley will make fourteen
appointments of officers as brigadier gen
erals, but their distribution among the
several arms has not been determined.
Most of these will go to th-»
colonels of the lin?. so that at le.ist ten
lieutenant colonels :n addition to. those
named will be proraot.e.l. It Foema rea
sonably certain that Colonels S. S. Sum
mer. Sixth Cavalry, serving in the Philip
pines, and A. R. Chaffee. Eighth Cavalry,
sen-Ing as major general o£ volunteers In
command of the American legation guard
in Peking, will be selected tor promotion,
which will cause the commissioning as
colonels of Lieutenant Colonels E. M.
Hayes, Fourth Cavalry, and T. C. Lebo,
First Cavalry.
Among the infantry officers believed to
have been practically selected for ap
pointment as brigadier general* are Col
onels J. C. Bates, Second Infantry? It. H.
Hall, Fourth Infantry. £<• Wheaton. Sev
enth Infantry, and G. W. Davis, Twenty
third Infantry, who are holding comrnis
sions as major generals and brigadier
generals of volunteers. . .
Their promotion will promote Lieuten
ant Colonels R. I. Eskridgre. Twenty
third-Infantry; S. P. Joclyn, Twenty-Qfth
Infantry; C. Keller. Twenty-second In
fantry, and W. F. Spurgin, Sixteenth In
fantry. ¦ ' .
CALL BUREAU. 1408 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 2L— At least
twenty-five regiments will be. commanded
by new colonels as a result of the reor
ganization Ojf the army proposed by pend
ing legislation in Congress. .This will
mean the promotion of twenty-five "lieu
tenant colonels in the three arms of^the
service. The bill passed by the House and
that reported by the Senate Military Com
mittee provide for an increase of five reg
iments of cavalry and five regiments of
infantry, and the artillery arm under the
Senate bill is also increased five regi
ments. This means the appointment of
the following officers to command the new
regiments:
Special Dispatch to The Call
List .of Lieutenant Colonels Who
"Will Wear Eagles on Shoulder '
.Straps — Chaff ee to Be
come . Brigadier.
Many Promotions That Will
Follow Reorganization of
OFFICERS FOR
NEW REGIMENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1?OO.
Airwomen" are equally, fair— when th»
lights are extinguished. " ' ; T
The Japanese, it .is * aid. have adopted
the kindergarten i principles with enthu
siasm, and thus a .newifleitj of -work is
prepared for Japanese women.*
13
>Vla Sausalito F«rry.
Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
< AND SAN RAFAEL.
i WEIK DAYS— <:55. *%i\&, 11:00 a. m.; 1:45
1:15, 4^)0, 5:15. •6:15. 6:40 p. ro.
EXTRA TKIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Kafael .- on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at' 9:W and 11:33 p.m.
SUXDAIS-t*).- •»:«.- # U:M a.- m.. "1:13,
J:l», '4:45. S;SO. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL T0 gAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK-DAYS— 5:». •8:30.. 7:43. 9:30 a. ra..
•1J:3O. 1:45, -•5:30. 4^0. 5:3) p. m.^ ¦ ¦ ¦ -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
end Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :20. '•$:<», '10:00, »11:45 a. m..
•1:40, *2:15. 4:45. *S:30 p. m. • « ;
r Trains marked ••) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK r. DAYS— 5:43. 6:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
J*:35. 2:W; 3:30. 4:M. 5:» p. m. - .•
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
end Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:03 a. m., 11:05. 1:15. 3:30.
t:00. 6:45 p. m. - •
THROUGH TRAINS.
x «:55 a. m. week, days— Cazadero and way
stations. * •' . ¦'¦ ' - - •.- {
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales ¦, and way
stations. .. Wi 11 > 1 WpriflFTMlHHii
•i 8:00 . a. rn. Sundays — Tomales and way
stations.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
SUNDATS^8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:50, 1:90, S:W,
6:20 p. ra.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK' DATS— 6:10. 7:M. »:20. 11:10 a. ra.; 11:43.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at l:aS
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:1O. 9:40. 11:10 a. za.; 1:4». 3:«, i:0».
«:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
Eame schedule u above.
Leave i I In Effect I Arrive ¦ ,
San Francisco. [Nov. 7. 1900. 1 Ban Franclaco.
Week I Sun- I | Sun- I Week
Days. | days. ( Destination. { days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ami - Novato. 10:W»ml i:<0am
1:30 pro - 9:30 ami •'Petaluma. 6 :05 pra 10:23 arc
6:10 pra 5:00 prnl Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmj «:22 pm
• Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:!S am
Heald-bure.
Lytton,
Geyserrllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Clorerdale. 7:15 pm 1:22 pm
7:39 am) ~\ Hopland I 'I i ~~
I 8 K» am| and Ukiah. [ 7:35 pmf «:23 pm
. 7:S0 ami - ' ' - |1»:» am
| 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| ' ; . ¦¦ . I »:» pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
| . and .1
5:10 pm| 6:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | C:05 pm (:Spm
7:30 am) l:C0amj 110:40 amjl0:2S am
. 1:30 pmf 6:00 pmf Sebastopol. | 7:33 pm| C.23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for ¦ Lytton Springs:
GeyservlUe for Skaggs 8prinfrs; at Cloverdale
for the Otysers; at Hopland for. Duncan-
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Sprlnss. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake,' Witter
Springs, ' Upper Lake, ¦' Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day'i.- Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell's.
Hanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Sprints.
Mendocino City, Fort Brasr. Westport. Uwi.
Wlllets. Laytonvlle. Cummings. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olscns. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka. -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
- On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
. Ticket office. (50 Market at.. Chronicle build-
ing. ; R. X. RTAN.
H. C. T WHITING. Gen. Pass. 'Art.
Gen. Manager.
* ¦ - • ¦ /. ¦
San Francisco to 8an Rafael.
WEEK DATS-7:3O. 9:C0. ll:C0 a. ra.: 12:35, J:».
.1:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11: Jj
" p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30 and
RAILWAY COMPANY.
T1BURON KERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ Steamers leave Broadway
ifcw wharf, San Francisco:
Eahfc;. For A'a.*kan Ports-11 a. m..
SSS^^W__ f 1 ** 0 - : -- : '- - an - I- Chanje to
gPWraNi company'* steamers at Seattle.
IS^»2«I\S^ For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
J^^ViQi r >- I"rt Townsend. Seattl-.
WBi^y Tacorna. Everett. Anacortes
f and X»ar Whj:;nm »W«h.>—
*GR u "~ m -, fee. 22. 37. Jan. 1
i . and every fifth day thereafter.
Char.are at Seattle for this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. X. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. p. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humbotdt Bay-2 p. m.. Dec
24 23. Jan. 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
Kor Fan Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Anseles aj»d Redondo (Los An-
seles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m,;
steamer Santa Rosa, Fundays>. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cru*. Monterey. Sin Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota. s
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer
Bonita. Tuesdays. 9 a. ra.
r^I Ensenada. Ma?4alena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. 8anta Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.>— 10 a. m. Tth each month.
! For further informatloa obtain comaanv's
folders. • *—^
The company reservrg the rljtht to chang*
steamers, sallm* da»es and hours of sailing
without previous notice
st^^llce 0^ 1 ,^- 4 » 3!rt^^
GOODALL.^PERKI.N-3 ft CO., Gen. A*ent9.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
TWE 0. R. & I. CO.
. DTSPATCH FAST 8TE AJ1EP.S TO
PORTLA3STD
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m
CA DC J»2 First Clas* Including Berth
IHnC S3 Second Class and Meala.
COLUMBIA Sails ......Dec. 24. Jan. 3
GEO. VT. ELDER Sails Dee. »
Sh<rt Line t» Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points ta the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Kast.
E. C. WARD. General Arent.
£20 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEA\TJ WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanarhal. and
connorttnjr at Hongkonir with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carg-o received on board on (Say of
railing.
S3. AMERICA MARL*
> _. Saturday, December 23. 1300
SS. HONGKONG MARC
Thursday. January 24, 13C1
SS. NIPPON* MARU
....Tuesday. February 13, 1M1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelnht and passage- apply at company's office.
421 Market Mreet. corner First.
"W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITBT T0U. BOTJTHAXPTOa. LCSD0S. FAJU3L
Stopping at Cherbourg. ¦westTround.
From New Tor* Every Wednesday, 19 al m.
St. Louis Dec. 2f]Koordlan<J Jan. 18
New York...; Ian. 2 Fr1e*Iand ..Jan. 23
Kensington Jan. JiVaderland ....... Jan. 10
RED STAR L.INB;
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 Jfoon.
•Westernland ...Dec. 2*|N*oordland Jan. 18
•Westernland ...Jan. "2|Frlesland Jan. 25
Kensington Jan. . JiSouthwark Jan. 30
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast,
¦ ¦ ¦ . • 39 Montgomery st.
occanics.s.co.s,S
S3. ZEALANDIA 'Honolulu only)
. Wednesday. December 25, 3 5. ra.
83. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Samoa. N«w
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. January t, 1301. 9 p. m,
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
, ,-. Sunday. January *. 4 p. m.
1 0 . SmCHU k BSOS. CO., e«ml JlganU, 327 la/tat St
Eu'l Passsngsr OfJa, 843 Martet II, fat Ha. 7. Pasitb St
PANAMA R, R. Tfig
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. ROAXOXE sails January 8,
;:^S.S. ST. PAUL sails Jaoaary 29,
From wharf, foot of Fremont st.. at 2 pi m.
Freight and passenjrer office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0HPAG5IS GEHJB1LTS TFUySATLASTIIJCS.
DrRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS. _- < _ (^
Sailing every Thorsday. Instead of
Saturday, at. 10 a. m. . from Pier 42. -^whW*»
North River, foot of Morton atreet. - First-class
to Havre. 1"» and upward. ?»oond class to
Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATE3 A>*D CANADA. ZS
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FCGAZI *-CO.. Pacific Coast Afents, 5
Montff ornery avenue. San Francisco. ¦ Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAT AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. RAW YARD AND VALLE&
: .' Steamer "*Montlc«llo.' #
.MON.. Tuep.. .Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at J4*
a. m., \U, 8:30 p. rn. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m and 8:30: Sunday s, 19:30 a. m. ; S
p. m. Landlstr and office. Misslon-atreex Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 130S. •:- ,:
FARE ;.... ...50c
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAB5T ST. EstabUsbed
in IS94 for the treatment of PriTata
Disfases.ioM Manhood. Debility or
dlwase wearing on body and mind and
Slcln Diseases. Tb« Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
*'are»sa«rnnteed. Call or wrtba,
{ ©r. J. V. CilBBOX, baa Jtanctaco, Cal. i.
DIED.
Besnere. Thotnaa r>. — Keele. r-.mm. j
B^rnaM. Thonu G. Keanedy. Deiu
SS?rSP *V Joh t nne " Kieinraaan, Maria
¦ J?"^*- ****¦ J«*n Koe*iig. Marie E.
Ccw'.e. James Lynch. Emily A?
Dsj3ion. Fr&rJt G. MeCburt, Patrick
S? I 1 "'" 1^.- Henry A. Melody. John
E-jrJter. Catherine Moore. Sarah
Fitzs-rald Austin Morphy. Dennis J.
psuera, Mrs U Xichelaoa. Jaiae* C
*. c F,f- J>*'!e F. Pritchard. Prudence
FV. lis. &Iar«aret RinR. Laura J.
Foorman. Firnon Robinson. Willlani
a^- Ida ,-*- Pe>-rr-r>ur. Margaret
Gift. .^ . a. J. 6we*t. M. P.
GiWscn. Mary A. Throweil. Steuhen
GuarajpUa. Uiigi Townsend, James
nitteil. Mrs. Ells* C. Witzlft-. Herman
Jooet. Henry
BEXXERS-In Baden. San M«eo County, De-
cember £ 1500 Thomas D. Benners. a na-
f.ve of Er.g-'aii<i, a*ed 41 years.
CTFrietids ar.d acauaintances are r*«peet-
fally 'nrited to attend the funeral to-morrow
-Sunday), at l o'clock, from tne funeral par-
iors ft VaJetite. Stoir.1 & Co.. 15:4 Btockton
street, near Union, thence to Memorial Hall,
I O. O. F. building. Sereath and Market
streets. wheT» »ervlce« will be held at 13u
c" clock, under the ausj>loee of Morse Lodr*
N'o. 2Z-. 1. O. O. F\ Interraent L&urel Hill
Ctemeterj".
KOR?E Lo4fe No. 27, I. O. O. F.-Th« offle*r»
and members of thit lod^e are notified to at-
tend the fur-eral of Brother T. D. Benners
to-mcrrow <Sundaj). at 1:59 o'clock, from
Covenant Hall. Odd FVIIowb- building- By
•>rdeT T. W. FISHER, it. G.
C. ERIXD. Bee. S*c
BERNART>-In this citv. December 21. 1900.
at his rwidence, 13* Oak street. Thomas G.,
dearly beloved husband of Mamie Bernard.
father cf Gladys Bemajtl, teloved son of
Mrs. B. and the late Florence Bernard, and
l'jvir.g brother of Katie. Florence and Margaret
Bernard. Mm. T. J. McAuUffw aad Mrs. G.
MeAuSiJTe. a native cf San Francisco.
CyNotic* of funeral hereafter.
BKEIHOLZ- In this city. December 21. 1900.
J<»har.rie* Brrtfcolz. beloved bnothrr of Mrs. L.
R*iff. a of Holstein. Germany, aged
51 years 1 month and 12 days.
CT'Frier.ds aafl arfjuaintancea are respectt
.rally lr.vlt^d to attend th* funeral to-'raorrow
¦ Sunday), et 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Peterwn. £2S McAiyster Btreet. Inter-
rn^nt Mouct OMvet Ceaetery.
BRUCE— In ilcnlo Park. December*?. 1300. Mn.
Je*_n Bruce, widow of the late James Bruc«.
end mother of and Jaznea Bruce.
Mrs.' Joseph Fife an<i the late Mrs. Joeiian-
F<?n. a native cf Gls^ffow. Scotland.
COV,"II>-In th'..« city. Dec«sber SO, 1S00, James.
b^'.ovpd 6cn ftt James and Annie Oowle. and
brother of Dercthr. Anr.:« and Henry Cowie.
a native of San Francisco, aped 1 year and
£ months.
DAMOS-In this city. December 1*. 1500,
Frank G.. beloved husband of Llllie Damon,
fon of Gecrte- C. and Charldtte Damon, and
brother cf Mr*. J. D. L«amed. a native <jf
." ' -i -.«-. aped 2? years 7 months and C days. A
nnjt»T of ttw ThesLtrlca.1 Employe*' Protec-
tive Cr.ion and of San FYancisco Theatrical
SfWfaaSloC Association. (Seattle and Maine
Va; crs p!e*s« crpy.)
CTTri^r.'ls and acjiuaintanccs are reejwet-
fuliy inv!t»»d to attend the funeral Monday,
r>*-c-«Tr;r>«T 24. at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
cher*I r>t the «>oiden Oate UnaertakinK Ccm-
l*rry. £4T5 Mission street, near Twenty-first,
tti^n^e by ctectrie fureral car from corner of
Gael I tre end Twentieth rtrert* at 10:30
o'clr«-k. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DE f HEiSE- In this dty. Henry A. M. de
<*he«rs<?. beloved husband of Mrs. F. de
<-w« r ,» a nd father of Harrv de Chesne and
L T . F. Vf. *nd H. B. Brandt, a native of
Qnrbes, Car.a«ia, aged T< years 4 months and
13 4a' ».
KTSCcCtac of funeral hereafter.
I>T*VKnR— In thi* city. December 20, 1900.
CatberiM Danker, beloved mother of Diet-
rlcft Dur.k*T. a native cf Morcum. Hanover,
Germany, aged TT years 2 months and 2» day*.
t7Fr,>n4« and acquaintances and officers
b-.I rr.TnSem of f?t. Paulu» Frauen Verein
Brc r^«r*<*tf u "V invited to attend the funeral
tr-l» day* <Siturday). at 1 o'clock, from the
funfTai rarlcn? of H. F. Maass. 817 Mission
street. IMerreprst !.aur»>l HIH Cemetery.
FITZGETIALD— Entered Into rest. Austin Fltz-
peralr!. « native of Ireland. a«ed <* years.
C7"Int»rrner.t strictly private.
FIGL'ERA-ln thi* city. December 1>. I**- Mrs.
L F-eu»ra widow of the late Louis Fipu«ra,
ar.1 mother cf John and Emily F5£i-
«ra Mrs J. H. Wad* and Mrs. J..S.- Wil-
liam*, a native of Louisiana, aged T« year*
tnd " months.
C7Tnen(3s and acquaintances are respect-
fnUy invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
<>noe. « St. Rose «treet. corner of Masonic
kMKK thence to Holy Cross Church. Ed(Jy
rtreet near £cett, for services at 2.30 o dock.
Inrerment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FOGG— In thi« city. December IS. 13», Leslie
F beloved husband of Daisy E. Foirs. and
"ather of Erneet. Ethel. Elsie and Dorothy
Fccr a native of Maine. a«ed 42 years 10'
monU-s and 10 days. A member of Modoc
Tribe No. f". Impd. O. R- M. - - . -
CTFrtenis and acquaintances are reepect-
fu'!y :r'v:'-ed to attend the funeral this day
? Saturday) at 1:JS o'clock, from Ifts late resl-
ricce Tas Bhrader street, between Beuiah and
Waller. Interment Cypre«* Lawn Cemetery
by carriage.
MEMBERS cf Modoc Tribe No. 67. L O. R. M. :
You are earnestly requested » to attend the
t ureral cf our late brother. L. F. Foct.
this day (Saturday). Assemble at the. wl«-
m-am. » P«t etreet. at 12 o'clock rtarp.
li. A- oLmJCiO, 0*
HEXRT IIULLER. C. »f R.
FOI.LIS— In this city. December 88, 1900. Mar-
cs ret beloved daughter of the late John and
riist'beth Follls. a native of Ireland.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fu'ly lm-lted to attend th» faneral this day
'Saturday), at 9^0 o'clock, from her late
nwlder.ee. IS 1 * Klesllng •treet. thence. to St.
Joseph* Church for service*. Interment Holy
Crvtr Cetneterr-
r OORMAN-!n this city, December 23. 1909,
¦v. 6!m«a. be'.cr-ed husband of Helena Foorman,
ar.d father of Isaac S. Foorman. a native cf
TWeathal. Hessen. aged S2 years 1 month
and If daj-e.
cyFriends and acquaintance* are Mr**t'
'•Jvt invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Ftr<fiay) «t t:*> o'clock, from his late reri-
fleice Tt2 California street. Interment Home
of* Peace Cemetery, by apecial train leaving
Third aad Townaend streets at 10:50 edoct
Please omit Co wet*.
GAPDVER— la Oakland. December 50, 1900. at
::« Market street. Ida Adelle. beloved wife
rf Osarles E. Gardner, and sister of Mrs.
J^tse Ptorj'. a native of Albany. Mo., a*ed ZO
y**n « mor.ths and 1» days.
GIFT-In. Martinez. December ». 1900. W. A. ;
J Gift »on of the late Colonel W. W. Gift.
br&rad husband cf the Ute Mary Jeter Gift,
brrjther of the late Captain Oeorre W^Oift,
and father of Mm. S. 3. Brown of Fresno.
Mr*. I. E. Marshal! of Martinez. Mrs. N. E.
.Joleman of Frwio. Mrs. C. E. OTSWI of Ban
Francisco and Misa R. J. and W. A- J. Gift
Jr of Martlnex. a native of Nashville. Tenn..
fcpp<! TT years 2 month* and 8 daye
C7Funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:3"
•orlock. from Congrerational Church. Inter-
* rr.T.t Alhambra Cemetery, Martinez.
GI.KSSON— In thJ* city. December 20. 1*00.
Marj- A., wife of John Gleeaon, and mother
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
t£ucce»scr to Flannacan A G«Jla*ber>
DANIEX P. DONOVAN. M«T. • ¦
rCKERAL DLRECTOBS AXD EMBAlaMEM.
IS rsrtt «t.. oppoaite Lincoln ficbooL
TtiefiiEt South H.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
tl 40.
NEW TAVERN' OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN".
T'cket of flees. 821 Market st. Saasatlto F»rry.
Leaves San Francisco. Tl* Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DATS....J:U a. ra.: 1:45 and 4:0» p. m.
SUNDAYS 1:00. 10:00. 11:39 and l:tt p. m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
9 a. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corr*-
rponding train arrives at < p. m. dally.
4:10 p. in. la Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:05. a., m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is Preano and BaicersSeld Exprtu,
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspond,
ing train arrives at S a. ex daily.
OFFICES— «4l Market st. aad In Ferry D«pot.
San Francisco: HIS Broadway. Oakland.
Leave Maricet-street rerry Depot.
Lve. San Francisco. I:CO a m!4:ll) p m l:0Opm
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p ra 7:15 p m 11:05 p m
" Merced 2:42 pm 1:13 a m
** Fresno — 4:!dpm 1:05 a. ta
" V!salU «:0O p m 4:50 a ra
" Tulare 1:8 pm 6:19 a ra
" Hanford S:J3 p m 7:C<»ta
" Bakersfleld ... Ijtpn T:S0an*
" E>eaTer 10:00 a. m .
" Kansas City... 5:15 p ra ¦- -¦•"•¦
•• Chicago 7:40 a ra
KUIITIIKKX rAIIVlC COnPART.
(pacific srirraM.)
Train* !•»*• nail »r«o an* •• »rrl»« Ml
inn fhan«:im:«.
(M*in Line. Foot of Market Street)
ttATi — Trou DccnfBza 1, 1900. — akbiti
*7>0Oa Benida. Snisun. Kllttlra, Vaearffie.
Ramaej and bmonmvnto »7:»3»
•TiOOa Bhuta Express— Daris. Willisms (for
Bartlett SprlDgs). Willow*. Bed
Bluff, PorU»nd7. «7««f
*7tS*A Martinet. Sin Uamon.Vallejo. Nap*,
»'»l!«t.'j*»udS»n:» Rob» •••!•*
•SH»Oa J>»tU, Woodland. KnlghU Laadlog.
Marrsiillo. Orotill«.. •7rt»»
•SiOO* Atlantic Kzpress-Ogden aod Eut «tt49»
•9:u»A>~Ues. Lifermore, Tracy. Lathrop.
Stockton *7iI3»
•S.4O* Sail Jua«. LfTermora. Stockton,
.-: I nuo. aaormmento. Placerwtlle.
Mu7*iill«. Ctllco. ltainiulT...... Mil»p
•AiSOa Oakdale, Chinese, Honor*. Carton... MiISp
•¦J:Ol»* Hajwtrds, Nile* and Way 8uUont. • 1 1 x 1-1 a.
•ViOOaLos Angeles £ipreas — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop, Mtoekkoo. Mneed
Krrano ami Loa Ancolea «-JilSr
- *BiS«a Vallejn. Martimm aurt War Stations "Sslif
•IW:0lU Tbe OterUnd Limlled— Ogdeo, Dao-
?er, Omaha. Chicags I *O:43»
•11:00a Niles. Stockton, Uaaamento, Men-
dota. Frwao, lUufcrd. VbaUa.
PortarTllla »*«I8»
•11:OOa tAreirmoTti. Saager. Gonhea Juno-
lion, Btkenfleld, Los Angeles
fl:OOr Sacramento iCiTerHteanteTa t3:«»A
•3:OOp Haywardt. Niles and Way BUtfoo*. ••lii.'ip
M:liUr Martinez, Hau lUinoii. Vallejo,
. Naini. L.'air«ti>«a. Sauta llosa *»i1Sa
•lionp B;nicia. Winteia. Baerauienlo,
WoutlJand. KnlgbU L»udiu«.
M»r|»tillf. Orotllle ¦««:4Si
•l:UOp Iliywiriis. Nile* and flan Jota ?S:43a
•S:OAi> NUes. LiTermora aad Stockton «I«»43a
aS:OOp Baoset Limited, El Paso. New
Orleans and East. «1*i13a
*9:O«FTb« Owl Limited— Tracy, Viestia.
BakenQeld. Hangiis (or S«ata Bar-
bara. Los Ai.xelei. •ItiISi
*3iOOp New Orlfasc Eiprssa — HakeraBeM,
HanU ftarbara, J x« An|«lea, Ucia-
ing. El FaM>. New Oileaus aud
Kaat Ti***
•BiOOp Haywards, Kllei aiJ San Jot» *7:«.1a
f 0:O«r Vallojo •llt43A.
•tfiOorOrionUl M»ll-Ojlea. Cheyena*.
. Oaaaba, Cbleazo *t:43t
•8:OOp Oriental Mall— Ogdeo. Denter.
Omaha. Chicago. < 4tl3r
•VjOOp Occdon aad California Ki|wea*.Haa-
rHiiieiiku, Martifille, ' Ke<M!tig, '
rortlatul, ruget Hound ami 1'mt *S<43i
•fli*-1p8aa Pablo. Fort Cotta. MarUaai
at.d W»» HUUoos *11s43a
m tH.'Oar Vallflo »11»4»A
(OAST 1>I VISION (N'arron liaaicc).
(Foot cf Market Street.)
•»iI3a New*rk.Centrrillli?.Rai]Jo«9,Ff!ton, ,
lioniJer Crcek.Sauta Orua and Waf
StaUons ••«••»
f»> I -1 r Newark. Ceu ter*IIl«. 8an Jow, Mew
Almadau, Fclton, Itnnlder Or««k.
• Sauta Crus aad 1'rindptl TV'tj
8t»tiotn flOiil.A
•4:13p Newark, Han Josa. Los Gato». »8:3O a
'"ill:;ii)p Hnnten* Kxaursion, Baa Jos* aad
Way Stations S7:»T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Mai til miClSCQ— htt »f Kirnt SUitt jSlii I)—
17:15 900 11:00a.m. 1:93 3:30 843'.-.
Iran OlIUtID— Fill .r »r«»d«.T.— Jt:0O t8:M 13.-0S
10:00t.». li:C3 8:00 1X3 *5:S3p.».
t'OAST IHflSKH (ItroadUaage).
(ThtrJ and ToMrrnenUSts.)
(«>ICa Ocean View. .South San Vnaci***.. \*i*»r
•7:OOa Kin Josa ami War SUtlnus (Saw
< Alnadeu WwluMda}* only) •IiB»»
••¦«» Hau Jot*. Trea l'iiiiw. HanU Ctux.
Ftcilio 1 <roii), 1'asn Ilubtei. Han
I.uli Oliti p«», Surf. IiOmpoe and
Principal Way .Statl.ms Mil«p
•ll»:f 11* San Joae aud War Ktatious *«3S3a
•I liactA Man Joaa and Way SUtlmit 'StSor
tvnSrSau Mat-o. Kert woo.tr M en lo Park. .
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, 8an J««,
Tres Pinos. .S*nta Crnx, SaJIou,
Motiteray ami l'aclrte Oror« |I0i3«a
fSiSOp.Saa Jowa.id Way Stations *?<X»r
tl:13p San Jc.eaii.l Principal Way Station* «U:15»
f»:O»r San Jose. Los Gatoa and Principal
Way atatioua tS):Oa)a
•H:aor Sail Jne«an.l Principal WayHUUotia *>:3.tA
•«:3Op San Jose *uJ Wayriutlon* «¦;««!«
Cll:4.1p San Jcieaml Way .SUtlum *7:8Jp
A for Morning. P f or A 'temoon.
•D*ily , ? Muuday •zeefiUd. X Sunday only,
j Mondays. 'Wedneadayi, Friday*.
e Tuesdays, Thursdays, anndtTs.
a Saturday pal; -vr ';
Santa Fe
Trains- D a?iy
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. li3""<flftT
certs per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
compar.y will be payable at the office of
the company, S27 Market «.. on and after
Wednesday. January 2, mi. Transfer books
close Wednesday. Decerr.ber 2* 1S« at I
oc'.gck p. Cl. E. H. SHELDON. Secy.
SAN Francisco Savings mien. C32 California
St.. corner Webb. For the half year ending
vttfc the list of December, l>». a dividend ha»
been declared at the rate per annum of three
ar.S six-tenths <3 6-10) per cent on term de-
Yct'.t* and three (1* V~"T cent on ordinary de-
posits, free of 4af es, payable on and after
wedneeday, January 2. W01.
LOVELL WHITE. Cathler.
niVIDEND Notice— The German Savings and
Less Sj<r.ety. K6 California atreet. For tae
half year etiulrg with December 31, WOO, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of
three and one-quarter (S^) per cent per an-
num en all deposits, free of taxes, payable i
ce and after V.'ednesday.' January 2. 180L
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary. '
ilAHKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued I
yesterday: |
George E. Male-.a. O. South San Francisco. !
*nd Bertha L. Scheuer, 1?. 1C2 Arlington street, i
fc_~ . ! Jonsson. C2. TZ r»e Boom street, and
S^ e Ni«»*n. IS. 13 I>e Bnom etreet.
Thcma* b. Towle, 14, Pan Jcse, and Maude
E. Smith, a. city.
Joeeph L. Emariuel, 8. 1J1€ Pacific avenue.
a P >r * Hf>-mta. 26. {70S California rtreet.
! "^ l2l ne U - Labarthe, is. 1SW5 Fillmore street,
ana Enfr»c» Isa*cq. -2. 1?3« Fillmore «reet.
Jartjuee Letnanet. tl. 1935 Ftllmore street, ar.d
*nne Etchart. IS. £S>: pj ne strert.
_ t lf raPs ¦*-- Delahay. sr>. West* Mission
•otTetrSt 1 Caro!lne U Nonneman. 115 Ma- 1
• 1 * 1 " A - S3. 3?4 Fourteenth street,
A», Al2 X Crowen. 33 Guerrero street.
1^^ H>Ui - H "
""eIRYHS^HABRIAGES— DEATHS.
ira\ 1 i r^:M !a * rrlare * n<1 de « th notices sent by
£: i t ','L not ** Inserted. They must be handed
1^<W~3 1 *?" w of J he Publica.tlon offlce« and b«
»'*«^T.1>, i tl L, th * n * Ine an<1 residence of per-
kjm authorized to have the eame published.
BOBN.
cS \ r - »««>«=»>«• 10. W«t to the
•nTr'£, William J. Gearj". a daughter.
1 "'^" 11 ' Dumber 11.
fis-ughter Frrt D ' Middl * k *««. •
6^T H G^I R , C^- I c ir , t thl » «aty. December IS.
oe. 15. 1900. bj- the Rev. Father Maximilian
of the German Catholic Church. Warren J
. P^,*° a Sollberger. both of Eai
i . : ' . i - ; ' \
I The California Limited |:
i The Santa Fe new and sumptuous $ i 1
of Henry and John Gleeson.. a native of Lon-
don, England, aged £6 years.
E3TTne funeral will take- place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 443 -Castro street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem hlfh mass
. will be celebrated for the repose of her wul,
commend og at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets at 10 o'clock. .
GirARAGLIA— In this city. December 20. 1900.
Luiti Guaraslia, beloved brother of James
GuarasUa and Mary Chlossa. a native of
ItfJy. «*ed ES years « months and 15 days.
C7 Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 12:30 o f clock, from his ' late
residence. 450 Union street, thence to Gart-
baldl Hall. 423 Broadway, where the funeral
services will be held under the auspices of
Alplnl Grove No. 10S. U. A. O. D. Interment
Mount, Olivet Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HITTELL— In this city. December 20. 1300, Mrs.
EJj" *-'-. wife of Theodore H. Hittell.
CTTunera! services this (Saturday) after-
noon, at 2 o'clock, ax 808 Turk street. Inter-
ment private. Please emit flowers.
JOOST— In Sonoma. December a. 1900. Henry
jooet. beloved husband of Amalte Jooet.
father of Annie. Rudolph. Harry. Carl and
Nettle Joost, and brother of Martin Jooet. a
native of Ringstedt, Hanover. Germany, ageU
47 years 9 months and 9 days. (New York
and Brooklyn papers please copy.)
(£7 The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. >
KEELE— In this city, December 21. 1300.
Emma Jane Ke<»le, beloved mother of T. A..
G. R. and D. Rigdon. a native of Virginia,
I acf-ii 'f> years and 7 months.
; KENNEDY— In San Rafael. December 21. 1900.
Delia Kennedy, sister-in-law of Mary F.
Kennedy, and aunt of Mrs. . J. J. Fllnn and
I Josie and Edward Kennedy, a native of Ire-
I land. ;
i KLEINMANN— In this city, at 1315 Eddy
I street. Mar:* Kleinmann. beloved wife of
Simon Klelnmann. and beloved mother of
Oscar, David, Alexander. Samuel. Morris,
Helen, Jacob and Joseph Klelnmann. aged 33
years and 9 months.
KOENIG— In this city. December 19, l?00. Marie
E., dearly beloved daughter of James J. and
Annie Callen, and sister of Louts Koenigr. a
native of Pan Francisco, aged 4 years 1 month
ana 2S dajE.
CyKriends and acquaintances are respect-
j fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday*, at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 312 Vallejo street, between San-
pome and Montgomery- Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city. December 20. 1900. Emily
An<irus Lynch, a native of San Leandro.
Z^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral this day
I 'Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
th* United Undertakers. 27 and 23 Fifth
street.
j McCOURT— In this city. December 20. 1300.
j Patrick McCourt, a native of Ireland, a«ed
tt ;-ears.
• ME1/>DY— In Oakland. December 21. 1S00. John
Melody, known In seliglon-as Brother Las-
clan, a native of Ireland, aged 53 years 8
month* and 24 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), from St. Man's Collere. Oakland.
wher; a «olemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repot* of his soul, commencing
at S:30 o'clock. .. Interment St. Mary.'s Ceme-
tery.
MOORE— In this city, December 21. 1»00. Sarah
Moore, mother of Mrs. John Kirkpatrick. Mrs.
Lillian Child and J. D. Triplett. a native of
West Virginia, a&ed 76 years and 1 month.
Cv"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1238 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Masonic Ceme-
trrj-.
MURPHY— In this city, December IS. 1900, Den-
ni* J. Murphy, beloved brother of Mrs. James
Penderrast and John J. Murphy, and mem-
ber of Knights of the Red Branch and Rebel
Cork Benevolent Association, a native of
Millstreet. County Cork. Ireland.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at S:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ne?s avenue,
thence to St. James Church, corner of Twen-
ty-third and Guerrero streets, where a re-
QUiem mass will b* celebrtaed for the repose
of his «oul. commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Croos Cemetery.
NICHOLSON— In this city. December 21. 1900.
Jimes C. Nicholson, father ot Albert and
Ethel Nicholson and Mrs. G. 'Woods, a na-
tive cf England, aged 73 years 3 months and
2 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 2« Fifth street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemeterj". • « ' y *
PRITCHARD— In this city, December 21, 1W0.
Pruderce* Prttchard. a native of England.
RING — In this city, December 20. 1900, Laura
J.. dearly beloved daughter of Annie and the
late Richard Ring, a native of San Francisco.
C7"Frler.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at *:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2100 Greenf-ioh street, corner of
Webster, thence to St. Brigid's Church,
Broadway and Van Ness avenue, whfrt a. sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for '¦
I the repose of her soul, commenclnu at ? % \
! o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemeterj'. !
i ROBINSON — Entered into rest, December 21.
I 1900, William, beloved husband of Margaret
i Robinson, and father of William XV. and
Charles F. Robinson and Mrs. F. J. Kelly, a
native of London. England, aged 57 years.
SEYMOUR— In this ctty, Margaret fieymocr, a
! native of Ireland. a*ed 75 years.
C7Rema2ns at the parlors of J. C. O'Coa-
! nor * Co.. 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
I r.eral hereafter.
' EWBET— In this city. December 20. 1300. JL T.
: Sweet, a native of New York, aged 54 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 3:30 o'clock, from the parlors
i of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission etreet- Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
i THROWEI-L— In this city. December Zl, 1900.
Stephen, beloved husband of the late Bridset
Throwell. a native #>f County Galway. Ire-
land, aged 84 years.
CrTFrtendR and acquaintances are respect-
j fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
i dence. 433 Bry&nt street, thence to St. Rose's
I Church for services at 10:45 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy CTO63 Ometery. by 11:30 o'clock
I tra'.n from Third and Townsend streets.
Please omit flowers.
i TOWXSEXD—In Oakland. December 21. l?00.
• James Townsend. husband of the late Martha
H Townsend. and father of James Jr. and
Frederick Tcwnsend, a native of Lowell.
Mars a<?ed 70 years 3 months and S days.
ZJ Notice of funeral in Sunday morning's
paper. * - - i
' TVITZKY— In BikerBfleld. December 19, VXO
Herman Witrky. beloved husband -of Hattie
: "VVitiky a native of Germany, aged 40 years.
' A member of Bakersfleld Aerie No. 73. F.
! O. B. -
jry-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
? Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the- funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.Through carelessness in handling a
loaded revolver Arthur Madondray of the
well-known firm of Macondray & Co. now
carries his arm in a sling and suffers con
siderable pain from a wound in his wrist.
Mr. Macondray attempted to clean his
pistol without removing the charges, and
while engaged in manipulating the cham
ber his flnger slipped from the hammer
and the weapon was discharged, inflict
ing a flesh wound in the right wrist The
accident occurred - early yesterday morn
ingr at the home of his father-in-law,
"William G. Richardson, 109 Frederick
street, where Mr. Macondray and' wife
have resided since their return from the
Orient. .
Rumors of an attempted suicide were
rife .shortly after the accident, but they
were emphatically denied by the relatives
of the wounded man. . Mr. Macondray was
married about two months ago and with
his bride went to China, where he acted
as the agent of the firm of Macondray &
Co., of which he is a member. He occu
pies a prominent position in local society
Arthur Macondray Tries to
Clean Loaded Weapon
and Is Shot.
WOUNDED WHILE
CLEANING PISTOL
Chinese Actor_Arre»ted.
Ty Ko Chung, an actor and well-known
character In the streets of Chinatown,
was arrested yesterday afternoon by a
member of Sergeant Brophy's squad and
booked at the Central station on a charge
of vagrancy. For many years .the China
man has given daily exhibitions whenever
he could attract a crowd from which he.
rould get a few cents In advance by, pass-
Ing the hat. Comedy, tragedy or. drama :
would be dealt out to his patrons and in
his imitations of great, actors Chung
would bring into 4 play swords, knives
and pitchforks whlc'.i he carried with him.
Of late he has become a nuisance and he
was ordered into custody. On being
searched at the City Prison the sum of 2
cents was found on him and held as prop
erty.
circles. His father, Frederick Macondray,
died many years ago and his widow be
came Mrs. Percy. Shelby. ;
Suicide Identified.
The mutilated remains which were
found under the wharf at Taylor and
Beach streets on Tuesday' last and were
subsequently brought to the Morgue were
Identified yesterday by Joseph Ander
holden as those of Conrad Braendlei.
Braendlei was a waiter and lived at 627
Commercial street.
Christmas "Wasp — Xew West beautiful
ly illustrated. Send to Eastern friends.
Price 25c.
lem of maintenance should be made by
the Legislature. In order that the na
tional allowance of $100 per annum for
each deserving and Indigent veteran may
b* utilized to lighten the burden on thi
various counties of. the State. Member*
of the Legislature may enlighten them
selves as to conditions Imposed by th«
General Government. If the State take
away a percentage of pensions paid to
veterans In the home then the Govern
ment deducts the amount so taken from
the allowance to the State. The National
Bo f rd .,? f Managers insists that the sick
and ailing veterans shall have the best
medical attention. It Is enjoined that
amusements shall be afforded, that new
books and magazines shall be added to
the ibrary, that the band shall discourse
music and that everything possible shall
be done to minister to the happiness and
comfort of the aged veteran*.
The national Idea is that nothing In the
land is too good for the men who went
to the front In defense of the country
The Legislature will be asked to appro^
priate a proper sum to meet the State's
small share of the cost of maintenance,
but not a dollar will be asked for on the
ground of charity.
Trunk. * traveling bars.'' Before buytn« s««
flttr "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.. US EUU.'
Insolvent Farmer.
W. H. ¦ Dowane, a farmer -residing- at
"Wheatland, filed a petition In Insolvency
yesterday In the United States ; District
Court. He owes $1124 78 and he has no
assets. .-, ¦¦.•; .. ¦ --, -t
For a Cold In the Head.
A Study, of the Pilgrim 4 Era.
The Rev. George W.'Stone.the historian
of the Massachusetts Society of May
flower Descendants, lectured last evening
at the First Unitarian Churchon "A
Study of the Pilgrim Era." The hall was
crowded. The discourse opened" with a
review of the troubles that caused the
Protestants to emigrate to this country
and a graphic description of the trials
and obstacles the pilgrims had to contend
with followed. .
New Designs and New Leathers.
The prettiest purses that have been
•seen here are those at Cooper's, 746 Mar
ket street. For Christmas nothing is more
acceptable. . •
McDonald's Concert To-Night
William McDonald, the basso. Is the
victim of a sad fate. He -was working:
as a blacksmith In San Mateo and occa
sionally singing in the cause of sweet
charity. His magnificent voice attracted
the notice of the Bostonlans when they
were playing here. McDonald was en
gaged and went East with the company.
While singing with the Bostonians he was
taken sick with pneumonia. When he re
covered from his Illness It was found that
the disease had affected his eyes. He was
brought back to California, his home,
and It was thought that he would soon
fully recover,- but it has taken several
months for his eyes to even show the
slightest sign of improvement. To-night
there will be a concert given In Sherman
& Clay's -hall for his benefit. It Is hoped
that those who In the past have been
charmed with his voice will remember
their old favorite and by their attendance
financially assist the unfortunate singer.
The programme of the evening follows :
Reliance Glee Club: • banjo quintet by the
Berkeley boys; soprano solo. Rose Broderlck;
m lection, George Hammersmith; tenor solo.
Sig. Veacco; bass solo. William McDonald;
Berkeley Sextet; contralto solo, Mrs. Birming
ham; barytone solo, 8. Homer Henley; Grace
Church choir. - w . ., r , ' . .--;
If you want a healthy drink try Jewsa Moors
"AA" whiskey.
"The Soul, Its Nature and Destiny," will
be the subject upon which A. M. Burns,
M. D., will address young men to-morrow
afternoon in the Young Men's Christian
Association Auditorium. The service is
for men only and will commence at 3
o'clock.
The Soul's Nature and Destiny.
The directors of the Veterans' Home,
Napa County, have resolved to ask the
Legislature to increase the annual State
allowance for the maintenance of that
institution from $45,000 to $60,000. The
amount was fixed at $45,000 in IS33, when
411 veterans were maintained at the in
stitution. At the present time there are
740 veterans, at the home, and sixty-eight
on leave" of absence. The allowance of
the United States is fixed at $100 per an
num for each veteran in the home, and
Is, therefore, nearly twofold greater than
it was in 1S93, while the California allow
ance has not increased since then.
j Two years ago the Veterans' Home As
sociation conveyed to the State of Cali
fornia 900 acres "of land, together with
buildings and improvements thereon. The
value of the property'so conveyed approx
imates $350,000. As the institution has re
ceived but slight financial support from
the State, ana has never adopted the
policy of importuning the Legislature for
appropriations, many Senators and As
semblymen have not had occasion* to ob
serve its magnitude or study its require
ments. The general opinion Is entertained
that the State allowance has kept pace
with the Increase of membership.
It ia an Institution open at all times to
proper inspection. There are no special
days for visitors One can visit the prem
ises any day and form his own Judgment
regarding the manner in which the home
Is conducted.
Inspector generals In the service of the
United States make annual or semi-an
nual tours of Inspection. They 'seldom
give advance notice of their coming.
They inspect the hospital, the barracks
the ¦ cottages, the post exchange, the li
brary, the band, billiard hall, tne electric
plant and light system, the ice plant, the
boilers, machinery, drainage pipes
kitchen . and " dining-room, clothing, food,
springs and reservoirs, the farm, the cat
tle, horses and -chickens. Report of ob
servation is made to the board of man
agers of Homes for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers and Sailors.
The institution in Napa County stands
fourth on the list of State homes. It is
excelled in importance only by homes in
New York, Ohio and Illinois. In many
respects It is unexcelled. In equipment
of hospital it may be somewhat deficient
in modern requirements. Owing to in
adequate water supply In the past, land
scape adornment has not received the at
tention that it will henceforth receive
Storage capacity has been developed that
will allow water to be used in the culti
vation of the grounds.
The Veterans' Home of California «s not
a charitable or reformatory Institution
The veterans residing there are citizens
of the State. Only dtlxens of California
can be admitted to the home. These citi
zons might become objects of charity and
a burden on the State If the General Gov
ernment- did not make the allowance of
$100 per annum for each and every mem
ber of the home. If the State Homo did
not exist the, whole cost of supporting the
740 veterans at the home would probably
fall on the counties of the State. -.Veter
ans residing Jn any State of the Union
are. admissible to the National Home at
Santa Monica, but all the space there is
taken and the waiting list is a long one
The authorities at Washington have de
cided that disabled veterans of the Span
ish war are entitled to admission to State
homes which derive support from the
national Government. Therefore -dis
abled : and Undigent soldiers and sailors
of the campaigns In Cuba and the Philip
pines may enter the home in Napa
County, provided they are citizens of
California, . ;-.
The directors who were appointed by
Governor Gnge to administer, without
pay. the affairs of the State Homo do
not maintain that the institution is en
titled to special privileges, but the • view
is taken that special study ' of ~ '*• «>rot>-
Directors Decide to Ask
for Slight Increase of
> Allowance.
MAINTENANCE OF
VETERANS' HOME
Charles Stencil, alias Stinson, alias Sta
tion, who has blossomed out as a clever
bunko steerer, has a record. When *'Jim"
Corbett began to have aspirations as a
first-class pugilist Stencil was in the pro
duce business and had accumulated about
$15,000. He decided to be a first-class
sport, and became Corbett's backer In his
fight with Peter Jackson before the Cal
ifornia Athletic Club, over ten years ago.
He then took Corbett East and lost con
siderable money.
Stinson returned to the city, and proved
an easy victim for sure-thing men and
followers of the race track. In the be
ginning of 1833 he had trouble with a
woman of the "tenderloin" named Winnie
Stanton, and she threw vitriol in his face,
but he saved himself from being seriously
burned. She was arrested, and in July of
that vear was rentenced to five years in
San Quentin. She threatened to kill him
as soon as she was released, but. as he Is
still alive, she has probably ; reconsidered
her intention.
Recently he has come into prominence
again. He got mixed up in a deal with a
farmer whereby the farmer lost a large
consignment of potatoes. Four weeks ago
he was one of the men arrested for visit-
Ing a faro game in the Burlington House,
and Thursday of last week he was ar
rested for steering Edward A. Palmer, a
young student, to a room on Post street
and fleecing him out' of $130. He also ac
companied Palmer to the Columbian Bank
to get a letter of credit for $5000 cashed,
which led to his arrest. He was released
on bonds, and Thursday night he was
again arrested for steering Robert Teeter,
a visitor from Washington, D. C. to a
room at 405 Kearny street, where Teeter
was relieved of $180.
Yesterday Stencil and his friend_, G. H.
Lawrence, appeared before Judge Ca
banlss In the Palmer case. They confi
dently expected ¦ that Palmer would not
appear to prosecute, and the case was
continued till Monday. Palmer made his
appearance Just as the case had been con
tinued, much to their dismay, and h«
promised to be on hand Monday morning.
Stencil also appeared before Judge Fritz
In the Teeter case, and It was continued
till to-day.
Downfall of Charles Stencil,
: Who Was Corbett's \
First Backer.
MAMIE FISHER, a tailoress, em
ployed by Roos Brothers, was
arrested yesterday afternoon
and charged with slashing Max
Singer three times across the
left arm with a knife. The trouble oc
curred in the tailoring department of
Roos Brothers, where Singer is also em
ployed.
According to the story told by Singer,
he -was altering a pair of trousers when
he picked up a knife belonging to one of.
his fellow-workmen. Miss Fisher im.
mediately commanded him to put down
the knife, and as he refused, he claims,
she took the weapon from him and
slashed him across the arm.
Singer's statement is denied by Miss
Fisher. She says that since Singer was
given employment by the clothiers, which
was about three weeks ago, he has been
constantly annoying her. Only a few days
ago, she claims, he called her a vile name
and threatened to make her a subject for
the Coroner.
"When he picked up the knife," she
ONCE A MERCHANT,
NOW A BUNKO MAN
Singer claims that the foreman of the
shop saw the woman cut him. and, seizing
her by the arm, he disarmed her after a
short struggle. It was then, he says, that
she struck him with the board.
said, in telling her version of the
trouble, "I told him that as It did not be
long to him he had no right to touch it.
W ith the knife ' in his liand he came
toward me, when I again asked him to
put It down. For a reply he struck me in
tne breast, and aa I staggered back he
aimed another blow at my face. At this
Juncture I grabbed his uplifted arm and
after a short struggle took : the knife
away from him.- As he continued to
strike me I picked up a board' such as is
used by tailors and struck him across the
arm. He then left the place and I sup
pose told the police that I had cut him.
My hand was slightly cut while trying to
get possession of: the knife. I d!d not
U3e the knife on -him; and I defy him or
anybody else to prove that I did."
Shortly' after being taken, to the City
Prison Miss Fisher was released on cash
bail furnished by one of the Roos broth
ers.
THE TWO EMPLOYES OF ROOS BROS. WHO STARTED A QUARREL
TESTERDAY THAT ENDED IN THE CUTTING OF THE MAN AND
THE ARREST OF THE WOMAN.
Dr. Kinyoun's stay on this coast as Fed
eral Quarantine Officer Is very likely to be
curtailed. The loud murmurings . in the
business community against this unpopu
lar official continue to be heard and have
leng since reached the ears of Federal
authorities at "Washington. A report con
cerning the doctor's administration will
be sent to Washington by Collector Strat
ton. What action will be taken against
Dr. Kinyoun Is mere conjecture, but when
the Secretary of the Treasury receives a
copy of the resolutions passed by the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce, to quote
ths language of Collector Stratton, "there
wlll.be something doing."
Copies of the resolutions adopted at the
last meeting of the board of trustees of
the Chamber of Commerce have been sent
to kindred organizations for their indorse
ment. They are In part as follows:
¦Whereas, From time to time complaints have
*been and continue to be made by passengers
arriving here, consignees of vessels and those
expecting mail from foreign ports, of the un-
necessary delay, general inconvenience and
hardship caused them by the officials of United
States Quarantine Station* of the Treasury I>_«
partment; and • • •
Whereas, Particular attention has been
called to the case of the Occidental and Ori
ental steamship Coptic, which arrived here on
September 30. l»00, at about 7:33 p. m.. from
Yokohama and Honolulu, when the passengers
were most Indignant at the manner in which
the physical examination of their bodies was
conducted. According to the evidence of many
of the passengers, among whom were mer
chants, professional men and others of the
highest standing and reputation, the examin
ations were made without proper regard to de
cency, privacy, modesty or cleanliness, some
of the passengers declaring that they would
under no circumstances araln come to or
through this port, preferring to land at Cana
dian ports, where more courtesy and consider
ation were shown: and. where&s. we have been
informed that transportation companies In
Canada have published and distributed the
complaints of the needless hardships and trials
Buffered by paasengers arriving here. In order
to divert this travel from the United States to
their country: and. whereas, occurrences of
this nature are a serious detriment to the bus
iness of our port and are a menace to our
trade and commerce; therefore the Chamber of
Commerce of San Francisco have
IVcsolred. That we hereby most resp«ctfully
and earnestly ursre upon the honorable the Sec
retary of the Treasury that the officer in
charge of the quarantine station at this port
be instructed to perform the duties of his of
fice with euch tact and Judgment a* will en
able traveler* to enter this port without being
ejepoeed to Insult, needless delay, hardship and
anxiety, but that they and consignees of goods
may be treated with due consideration and
courtesy, and no hindrance be placed upon thy
prompt delivery of the mail. It Is also
Resolved, That the co-operation of the mem
bers of the California delegation In CongTess
be requested toward the fulfillment of the ob
ject of this our petition.
The Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco,
CHARLES NELSON, President.
E. SCOTT. Secretary.
Restrains Him From Interfering
DR. KTNYOTTN CITED
TO SHOW HIS HAND
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
With Coptic's Freight
Wong Chung, a Chinese merchant, filed
a paper In the United States Circuit Court
yesterday asking for a writ of mandate
requiring Federal Quarantine Officer Kin
youn. to show cause why he should not be
compelled to release certain frelg-ht which
was brought from Hongkong to this city
by the Coptic on her last trip. The freight
consists of yams, lily bulbs, dried ducks,
dried fish. *.aro and otfier Chinese luxu
ries. Dr. Kinyoun had refused to allow
the articles to be landed because they
came from an Infected port.
Judge Morrow issued an order citing
Dr. Kinyoun to appear before him on
January 7 at 11 a. m. A further order was
made prohibiting the doctor and the Oc
cidental and Oriental Steamship Company
from removing the freight, which is now
on the dock, or otherwise interfering
with it.
Pert Collector Stratton pave orders yes
terday to the customs inspectors to obey
•whatever Instructions may be g'ven them
by Dr. Kinyoun in quarantine matters.
Quarantine Officer and Assistants
ing Passengers.
Severely Criticized for Their
Rude Conduct to Incom-
The Chamber of Commerce
Passes Resolutions on
His Methods.
DR. KINYDUN
MAY SOON BE
TRANSFERRED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22,: 1900.
Slasliing Max Singer.
WOMAN USES A KNIFE
ON A RIVAL EMPLOYE
14
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets,
.¦"Haley-, | Hale^s. I HaIe !?l_^^>^
: ¦' V ¦---¦ - = - - ¦ . ... ¦ - ; . —
Hale' s big store is overflowing with beautiful
merchandise suitable for holiday present
celluloid goods in the holiday show.
A -ffi*-~~2) several lots of most desirable tT ..*^ a
fl///y/'///7 things that will beat a rapid retreat to- /•¦"'^^eL*/
\^Jj'l^_l day under the propelling power o? popu- ljE§M3J
¦'¦Vfe^^Sg^ ' lar prices. y$ -M
UfV-?-- i S3«^.y. v ; ' Things of beauty— lots, of them. Useful thinsrs. too. fe^^sap^toRj^a^/
'Jg> g? 0 ?^ 0^® i Just the sorts for holiday sentiment. We cannot describe z=?-=2f
Smokin t them clearly — a look will do much more. -Here are the j^pgg ce iittlold worlcboxea
outfit, inclu^ii^^Hr^t 6 prices. You'll not match them for littleness: with lithographed covers a«d
, Jlass brier pipe in cellu- ntted complete-each.... O5c
4 loid case Sii.00
"' - F^^f^fSi^?^ Leatherette' S^Sg&SSPX
r ——^r_ C e 1 1 u lo!d \\\^- <-r r^T ~ ' ¦? work b o xe« V^^t^T^/^yy^J
k\. it^^tf**^ wrork boxes \ 13 ;J-i.-..v\T^-?f with set of J /^*j/^™jr*&'jy//
IW TiV^^!* wit h complete Vl — — ~ sewing need- a-*,* ¦Oot^K^yj'y /
K3\\ \ ¦ set. of fixings fuls-each f. V^a- '£>*'* 9 -¥ /
nTA\ -each.. SI. 35 Celluloid glove boxes with ...: Ooc lfr A *£
WsA . Vaa^C^^S) X / fancy lithographed covers— \- >*+** «• •>^^-^-O^
-^ShSRT^^-^n ea ° h -*1.2.> . celluloid handkerchief boxes
V^VBc^SSI Satin, lined celluloid necktie Combination r!ov« and hand- with handsome "tno^apnea
M -£=¦ =¦< b^xes— each «1.'»r» krrchlef boxes— lined with covers-each 91.4V
*"'¦:> •¦"¦"i Photograph albums with eel- plush and satin— eacH..<5?-| "n
Celluloid hanakerchlef lulnid front*— made to hold 20. Imitation leatherette glove
boxes with fancy cov- cabinets and 16 cards— each and handkerchief boxes— oer
ers lithographed in col- ;;o« set 4J)*» i. " *
ors— each 81.25 Oblong photograph albums— Satin lined collar and ruff £ jftZZ?
will hold 32 cards— each boxes— each ZTtf /SSS feS^/%
.../ «1.<HI Fancy celluloid collar ami T < wfe<r\23«*£r'
y y. Photosrraph albums with eel- cuff boxes— each <•* -- V^SS'-?VS* Is*
' ' tP / luloid covers, plush backs and Smokers' outfits in beautiful • *P&£Zfcr\svj I
I a~=~. (/ decorated pages— each.. »'i. '2 -"> celluloid boxe?-each J)Sc &£t°-C%*£rZ \
/ Photograph albums with eel- Smoking sets— extra large /J^V-W* 1
luloid fronts, plush backs and size pieces In handsome eellu- WhdK £s
heavy brass easels— each lold cases— each J*1.7I5 ! fl\>^«v. 7i51-
«H."?'~ Christmas cards — each le t«v. wSy^oS,
Satin lined glove boxes with ir»o . < t^^ ===^g?*>
/ glove stretchers— each.. J81 ~'l Souvenir Xmas view card*— ;
¦ / Celluloid glove or necktie each 23c. 50c and 7r»o Photcgraph albums
boxes— each 30c Black cat and Chinese calen- with covers of
Satin-lined eellu- Toilet sets— brush, comb, dars— each 35c, 43e, SOc. Tar and plush and celluloid
loid collar and cuff mirror, in satin lined cases— up to j5|.."",j> in combination —
boxes— each ,.. «oc each 7Oc Booklets— each 4c to 15e veI T handsome—
popular prices for popular toys.
-Skin covered cows with voice. Regrular PrJ^/jftXjiuJL - Toy- parlor furniture.' Regnlax price 25c each:
49c each; our price %F%/*3£&. our Price ". 19c
Toy wash sets of 6 pieces. Regular price n 00 T&^lg^
a set; our price ....T...... 70« •L?==sf? v Velocipedes, 16-inch size; our price 81.75
vr -^ " ¦ Toy drums. .Regular j._ ... Fur covered cats, with n »
g^feXrJ., fej f=*^PQ> Price 25c each; our . ••" voice. Regular oriee 73c T^N / r^\
Tf£«/3H P rlc « ll)c fl! .^ voice, Keguiar pnee^ .oc hrgj\ [$?*)
_M_,- p'ricl .... C ... e . a^..! 1?{ U .; Chatterbox, for ISOfi. Reg-
f '.'.¦.' 1 ¦_, . N^*^2^^^^^ ular price 43c each: our * — >*-^ r V2^
»fm<pit51y»sv *>J Express wagons, wood -~"^ •»«».. s*r>*. /tk /Z~*k
/^^gfehCHy body, steel wheels, iron steam pumps price 30c (faP\ Q£) (W\ fcg)
- -^ axles, whip socket and _w e e d e n \\\Zy >^/ V O / yT/
Tin kitchens— fitted with seat; size of body. 26x13 make. Regu- _ „ >,_,,_-_ „,_ _ .„ i * = - Ji
tin utensils and stove, inches. Regular prico lar price 98c D ° u nouses, our Price. Toy tea sets of 1? pl
Regular price 25c each— $1 75; our price. -S1.3l» each. Our. each 98c Regular price 25c each— our
our price 10c .. price ...-87c Price -....10c
SOggeStiOIlS. Market street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate avenue. 35c a pOOIld.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
All Xmas tree ornaments to be
closed out one.third off actual cost.
CHESTNUTS, '"^KS^ 10c
LEMONS, per doz. "'* 15c
• R»j. 25c
CANDY, French mixed, per Ib 30c
ORANGES, ' *!XZ; K 40c
R« 2 . 33e
PIMOLAS OLIVES, affSSS?K50c
R.f 2Se bot
TRUFFLES, '"^ar 1 -* 40c
GAS LIGHTERS, 10c
QUCDDV For two diy. only for flavoring P I Ofl
onLnnl, «nd d,\Mr t . *•> «•> . r)'.
R»Z- $'-5° *•'
SHERRY, Inbo^^r oi \ s J0c
UJUKIr*V Kantuekv Bourbon. OQ QQ
OPEN EVERY NIGHT.
Telephone East 372.
BIBO, NEWMAN & IKENBER6,
"drmulty.
L "p«-lali«c/rf* Blood Poison. «onorrhOBa.ai»#t.
Stricw™ srr,.l..al Weakness. Impotenceand their
allleil Dlwrt'era. Rook on. Diseases of Men, free.
OverC0reBrs>xper*euce.Terms reasonable. Hours.
taUouireeandsacredly confidential CaU oraddnM
• P. BOMCOE McSULTT, 31. D.
26 1; Kearojr St.* Ban FrsF«-isra. Hat.
i^^^^B^H ( ' reiI ' s Cloaks.
€3HHiii8§iliili|||ll8 „ Made of All-Wool Kersey or Broadcloth, in Tan,
¦¦¦ ?**, Royal and other fashionable colors; sizes 2 to
5 - I" r e « ular c'oak houses these cloaks sell CC
for JS.oO (see picture); our price to-day tj>t>
¦V Vp\ . ¦ CHILDRBK'S AUTOMOBILE JACKETS. In all
.- ¦ V XT75foTU z S.i.?. t^;..^!f $3.25
Muslin Wear. Fancy ,
,,W» have an elegant assortment of WO- Inhfit « jffS0&&*9\
MEN'8 GOWNS, CHEMISE. DRAWERS, ifOUUia. Jfi^^fi
PKIRTS, Etc.. suitable for Christmas pres- Made of aecordeon- jJis- 1 OA '
ents. w^e can make up sets for you for p 1 a i t e d- chiffon, ffitx-=^S?2fll. '
$1.50, $2, $2.50, $3 up to $8. ¦ S&^^l #^H
<• 11.50— (see picture)— \5\T-«5^»/?8^rvZrf^
Handkerchief Bargains on 8al A£ $MMm>
To-Day. % H • • . l lBfflfi»
aOc. 25c. Worth double. oOeCialS. ' Ji / P r JSl"
boxes free with each half ; Women's full fln : 3 fiSS^
ished Fast Black VII fi^** 5^
¦¦ ' , ¦ " %% , ¦ Hoae: silk. 'finish —
, ; Women's Corsets. . Jf a !!!r^ n i^
The newest French-shaped Corsets, In WOMEN'S B L. A C k' LACE SA/,
many styles— on sale at HOSE, 75c quality— on sale at OliC
7/Lf QQr <Ht OK Cl" Rn WOMEN'S FANCY HOSE. In black and
I t-Lj cfi>C, 3>ltZ3. CDI.3U. white and ether very newest effects and
'¦i£ll; ~-i;j 1L V ''*--'¦•¦ ¦ 1& t e «t colorings; lisle nnlsh— on 1 >4Or»
fywr.Palr guaranteed; if not satisfactory sale at ....'.. *t\jC
'¦ T new ' falr ay8 ' retUrn * - aad We> U «**• yoU > CHILDREN' S ¦ DOUBLE HEEL, KNEE
•¦"•"¦ • ¦: . ¦:.., .AND TOE .HOSE, full finished 1OU
_. and fast black— on sale at... Pair IZ^W
Sllli WaistS. ' CHILDREN'S' DRESS HOSE, silk and
uim umauj. .. lisle finish: sizes S.to 9-sold else- OR/.
' TO-DAY we'll give you a chance to buy where at 40c— our price Pair JmtJK*
a »6 Silk Waist, made of best taffeta, ef- • - /
.fecuveiy t^med^. Women's Underskirts.
tPJiJJi Made "of moreen: : ruffle lined, corded and
•' .accordeon plaited; all colors — Kt-QQ/,
Wompn'« Wai«t« ular Price %lM ~° n " le nt y»C
TTUIIICII MC1IJ>1*>. MERCERIZED 8ATEEN SKIRTS- looks
'^SJ^-I^SS^^ 2SS
WAISTS, made^of best quality. French ¦
and" sfiev*" UnJ-U W° aual ''Jp S ! ?A' nZW "?****> ~»ethlnr entirety new in
ity-on^afe 8^..* 3 ;! 0 ..^!: $2.50 %$&&&$$*£$; Hea<lweap - a v^
1212=1214 MARKET STREET,^.,-
MAIL ORDERS RECEIVED.: ."-¦
ADVERTISEMEirTS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATUEDAT, MONDAY and WEDNESDAY.
CaOSSE & BLACKWELL'S JAMS 20c
Bert Irmi. Jams. Repular 3c.
Best Eastern L Bros.' Brand Hams. . .\12c
<iuartnte*d. n«t*jlar 14c
m'EST CREAMERY BUTTER, Square. .45c
Fine Butter is our Motto. Regular We
Choice Point Reyes Butter, Square 35c
Regular <Zc.
EEST CITY EGGS, Dozen 45c
Ftorj th* Mission. P^cular 50c
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS 25c
Limit e Coz. Regular S5c - ••
PLUM PUDDING, 1-lb an 20c
Richardson & Robblnt. *R*p:lar 25c.
SINGAPORE PINEAPPLE, can.- 15c
Sliced: extra Fyrup. B^gular 25c
Cherries in Maraschino, Quart bottle. ... 70c
Flr.wt Icsp. Resular Kc.
CHOICE BRANDY, Quart bottla 75c
rw--:ar ;: -
GHIRARDELU'S COCOA 20c
E«£-uUir Sic
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR SOc
60-lb. ea/-k. Regular 96c
IKPORTED CHAMPAGKES, Pints $L45
All Iai&'.-cs brands.
F. LE CART MUSHROOMS 22c
Imported: limit 2 cans. Regular XOc
EUILE D'OUVE, can 95c
Imported FTanoe. . Regular JLIS. .
IMPORTED SARDINES, 3 cans 25c
Regular liVso can.
OLD EE!JTUCKY PURE RYE, Gal. . .$2.50
Or Bourbcn. Regular J3.E3.
EXTRA FINE CITRON, lb 15c
R#rular SOc.
KEW ¥TYm KUTS, Ib 15c
IMPOETD GIN, Large bottle. ..... .$1.25
Pur* Jnalper. Rejtilar JLW.
CLEANED CURRANTS, 2 pkgs 25c
Regular '.'¦<• i k«r.
PORT AND SHERRY WINE, Bot 25c
6 bot. Jl.00; cal. 55c
BIDWELL'S BOILED CDER, Bot 20c
R«iTular Sc
MY FAVORITE Salad Dressing 25c
Late* bot. R^fular 40c.
MUSTOMAT. Dainty Table Sance 25c
Out«hinee adl: pure. Regular 40c.
IRISH and SCOTCH WHISKY, qt bot. .$LO0
rin^t Imr>orted. Regrular J1.25.
XMAS TREE ORNAMENTS
At cut frie«.
CIGARS at Wholesale Prices.
All I«ea£lcr Brands.
LIBBY'S CONDENSED MINCE MEAT. . . .5c
JAMAICA OLD LONDON RUM, qt bot . .75c
New Ergrland Rum. 75c. Regular J1.0O.
MACARONI, VERMICELLI, Box 20c
gpachetti. R^irular 25c
I. W. HARPER'S WHISKY, Bot 85c
Best of Whiskies. Regular J1.2S.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can tak# a<5vaj!t:a«re of thes« special sales. We
rhip free of charge within 100 mil«a on all
orden- exceeding five dollars. Ask for monthly
"1348-7354 Market St.,
OF»F». SEVENTH.
Phone S. 292. No branch stores.
The "DANK" RECLINING CHAIR
A Handsome Christmas //&3r$$8
n««r and Comfortable. ££&*&/
Price $15. Come and see It.
W. A. SCHROCK,
19 New Montgomery Street.
Floral Society Meets.
The D*T*mbrr meeting of the Stats
Floral Society was hold yesterday after-
noon at Sherman & Clay's H:J1. Presi-
dent Emory E. Smiih Ir. the chair.
Professor W. R. Dudley of Stanford was
made an honorary member of the asso-
ciation. It was deoiucd that a floral con-
jrrej-s be held durinc the spring flower
show.
H The Regina Corona. I;
otI ' >^^ Feeds Itself. iS,
\$m "W"'™" " "' • kttj* Regina Corona plays with MK&
ViT"^ ¦?* J iAy^' 1 i5$<2-inch steel tune sheets like the l : £jr. '
fi/a I '§r~o5?^ a small Regina, but the Corona has an iSf^ '
AJ'jL>- If'lr^i P attachment which, when once start-
jt|\rr/ J H '¦ < 1 1. 'n |r ed, plays one tune followinc another V ?kp
y£'<CJ 1 ; |1 automatically, taking the tune sheets J^ijj
ty%''if * f -^ t3 J War one k y one f rom the case below and V Iw2'
\i '• ' 1 [M P' ano sounding-board back, which rear'
''tyflh ¦ * gL.-L_-iA. Iga pives great volume; case comes in v^P
' 'HMV *ss=-s!'~~zJ*jfc5& cithei oak or mahogany. The Re- fefj-u
' '&'£¦/ \V \\ M v ' s ' t to l^ e ve oors °f Sher- j^^ r
Jr |?Y \\J r " _": ¦ — jm y man, Clay & Co. is sure to suzeest ' Sp|
?c£ jN il/TP^ 1 ""^j/l somethinj? to you which will be par-
v £fi^ If "-r^ 1 \p ticularly suitable for a Christmas {ttL
H ¦ Sherman, Clay & Co., S
V§S1 Steinway Piano Dealers, v|T
Wf- Cor. Kearny and Sutter. Streets, S. F. |S*f