no_textin Joliet on a j twenty-five-year I sentence
for highway robber}', and of course^ "
He "dodged the piece of custard; pie and
the three chocolate eclalres , : that were
sent after him,' and went down the street
like a man plunged in a tender reverie. —
Washington "Post, | .>" f
HE HAD PUMPED.
Journalist— Queer saying that about truth lying at the bottom of the well.
Lawyer — You wouldn't think so If you knew the amount of pumping we lawyers
have to do to get at it/ A". J t,'; ' ...•'. ' V ~ ¦'•.-¦
THE REQUIREMENTS.
Chawly— Say! uncle, what does er man have to be to have a military funeral?
General Walace— Dead.
HOW TO PLEASE THE BABZ
THAT REV BEARING
"What an imUfft.v... air young Marma«
duke Gibbs has!"
"Yes. Pity he's sorich;'he woulil make
a good street .* car conductor." — Chicago
Record. ,. •' : v *;• • -.¦ /
Walker— The .bride was quite a popular
girl, wasn't'she? - . \:. .;* v
; Watklnson— Yes, indeed. J.The Evenirg
Scarifier sent its ; sporting , man to report
it. ' Het printed fa) list 'of rejected lovers
half a column long under the heading
"Among 'Those "Who Also Ran." — St.
Louis Post Dispatch." N
SPORTY.
"So that old miser uncle of yours is
dead? Well. I suppose you feel better
now that he isn't here to scandalize your
family by his niggardly way of living?"
. "No, confound him! " '. He didn't leave
anything behind to show that he was a
miser after alL"— Chicago Times-Herald.
up bins.",.: -. - : .. .•.:**- -IV-.. -.¦¦¦¦.. ,
There \ was a tremor ; In the* customer's
voice as he asked beneath the lather: \
"Do you object to being paid in ad
vance?"—SL Louis Post Dispatch. " '
ANOTHER SOUL. MISJUDGED.
r "I . suppose . a. * good ; many of 1 your cus
tomers : forget to i pay 7" : - -. I ¦''.
"No,^ sir," the barber replied. "There
was a time when I used to give crcSlt.
but I never. do now. In fact, nobody asks
for It any more." ' .- •/
"How's thatr V
" Well, '¦; you; see." said the barber.
"whenever I shaved a gentleman who
asked me to mark It up I put a nick in
his nose with my razor and "kept tally that
way. They very soon don't want to run
A . suspicious looking ; Individual entered
a barber's shop, and while being shaved
casually remarked:- - ' t.- ' ¦' " . .
HINT FROM THE BARBER.
.; '• ¦ . Nora Grett— Now that we have declared our engagement off, give me back my
lock at holr.-.^vT.-.-,..:;-,-.-^^- -^ " • - ;«• ~-. -V^^.i-.^; "; : ¦ ¦ '- 'r/:^^M
Noah Pnence— Do I resemble a bottle of hair restorer? •-
WHAT HE< GOT
"They, say Grace is a Methodist."
"No : she's a • Shaker."
"How do ycu.know?"
"She'shook inc.".
Silent serenity sat supreme In the pretty
pink -. parlor, of sweet, snuggling Sallys
happy Harlem 'home. - The miserable mo
ment of midnight made militant. Mortimer
Mountjoy moye.'^~*x^ ¦
-Softly? squeezing 'sweet." snuggling Sal-
Iy*» sylph-like stxteen-lnch sash, he dared
to do damage to her, lovely lips in the de
licious. darkness. Luminous lamps light
ed the harmonious hallway", but blissful
blackness blessed, the babes in the pretty
pink; parlor. #'/?/*%§ %
J Suddenly ; stolen on /thfa' sumptuously
sighing, ' sibilant scene "a sad and sor
rowful • sound.'- " . * The '. dire and dreadful
voluminous- voice ot the soft, 3nugglin.<
Sally's paternal 'parent, cruel and coarse,
was heard | in j the ' hallway. JgjiJ
'From :the:top;of the tall, ,*' «teep stair
way be 'roared' rumbUngly: .
"T«ll irie.thelttmerv ' ;
Sweet, soft, "snuggling, snickering Sally
sough t - sanctuary, • sylph-like : and simple.
STshtasr.-*he said, siandne. gracefully at
the ancient, ancestral, artistic and amia
ble anachronism 'in the humble, harmoni
ous* hallway : / f»* * '- ' - '" V t"
"Please,' 1 precious . popper, ten ticks to
10 by. the timepiece." \j 1 \
Mgo^^ snapped the" sneering and snarl
ing old cynic, ! .'!when. that darnatlon. did
derins dude departs start the clock.*;
This was the terrible time of twelve
thirty-two. «' y ¦)
a An ancient, ancestral anachronism was
arain allowed to " accelerate, the approxi
mation'of ita hands- In- the humble, har
monions hallway to- the; xanyistic zenith
at> twelve* thirty-three. Meanwhile
mournful.! militant. Mortimer Mountjoy
miserably made- movements. . meandering
mS^tomother in the mild midwinter
morning. ,. V -. ..
Against Alliteration.
THE S UNDATOALL.
"VSTell." replied .the" Luncheon: Conversa
tionalist, picking up his hat and making
three strides of It to the screendoor, "he
would have done that, you , see. but f o»
the past six years "he has. been doing;, time
"Separated, you sayr* iiut in one of the
other four at the table, after a pause. "If
his --wrife was so afraid of ! the \sea ..that
she "-wouldn't return 'to , thia'couhtry," why
the dickens, then, didn't ner B English hus
band close out his affairs* iri= the "United
States and join his' wife^ln j; England?".!-^;;
At this point the-. Luncheon Conversa
tionalist leaned back to^ his! chair" and
looked reflectively. out ;of the; f.window. «
"Yes, siree/'- remarked/ the Lunchroom
Conversationalist. "It -certainly, is quee**
how , afraid some . folk , are < of the sea, ,
Isn't Jt?" ; . ; ¦-:; ¦ . ,/ ••"..
The other.four, at "the, table' looked, flx-I
ealy at f tHeirTplates faniafmairitalnedra"
stolid" silence. *i >"".*' '~.\*m?:±?~ ¦'. * : >. \i\'^'^'i
"In some-cases," werit*on|theiLunch>'
room ¦. Conversationalist. ; S ''this '/a t ear
amounts toa positive horror. \ I was read
ing: of a "sad [case of | that sort theYbtber/
day. The| American wif e j of ¦ m.) young Eng
lishman who had been meeting with great
success* in. his; line 'of; business in Chicago
went ,. to England JwIthT her jjLtwo .children
Just* for .'the sakefof^seeuiKJthe country,
her hilsband-^whom^fiheXwdrsiilpea— had !
been born In. Well, there was an accident
to $the - steamer,, that took her and the
children across and for a ' f ew : hours the
vessel was at the mercy of the ¦ rr etfng
sea* The ordeal had such an Effect upon
thewouuff wife and mother, tbit she made
a to w Jjtiiai* If ? she , should * ever reach , th«
land agrain fshe would |neverj in trust her
self nor her children to T the'mercy>oX the
cruel and Vksty deep again as loos: as' she
lived, £ All > this - happened I ' rix : years - ago.*
and during all that'time she has stuck to
herjvow. She has longed, to ;see herjWor
sniped husband agaln,\ but ; the ocean
gained such . a horrorlforjher on the* one"
voyage it hat I she made , that "she} Is deter
mined to is tick to "her 'vow «to the day -of
her death. So here, in this case, were two
loving young people sadlyseparated from
each other solely on account of the hor
ror r- one of them had conceived for the
rolling main."- / 8 '*>.>$¦ ,%*& . w' 3
Fond Hearts.
"The typewriter girl Is unusually dis
agreeable this morning."
;."Yes; probably it is because she sat up
late, last .night; making herself unusually
agreeable."— Chicago Record." . ; .
.' She— I see they've Invented another la
bor-saving machine that works automati
cally and takes the place of a man.
They'll never invent anything. . though.! to
take woman's place in this world." •..
He— Oh, I don't know. .There's the pho
nograph.—Philadelphia Press.
REACTION.
HATEFUL. THING.
"Look pleasant; | lrok pleasant," urged
the photographer, with the bulb in his
hand.' .. .: ?$_. . .}.->,..- :/¦ : -\ ¦•.:.¦':''.. ¦'. ¦ ,'
"You seem to f orget.'-V- replied - the ' vic
tim, r*what you are* charging me for these
photographs."— Detroit jPree- Press.
AT THE PHOTOGRAPHER'S.
2
Gtve^the^baby* a hearty kiss.
Glv« hhn" a squeeze and a bus like this.
Give him j a romp . and , a dance on your knee, :, _
And a roll on the nig and pictures to gee.
Give the baby a bouncing ball.
Give him a paper of pins and a doll.
Give him some matches, a bottle of Ink,; .
A email box of pepper and mucilage to d<4nk;
Then let him think.
"C • ': ..— GEORGE R. BRILI*THE BUTCHER'8 MISHAP.
"What Is Bessie shrieking- about?" •-
"Oh, nurse plaited her hair in a pigtail
,nd she won't have It." — Indianapolis
ournaL
With much Intensity the woman repeat
ed these lines: -,:'¦"¦
The boast of heraldry, the pomp of power.
And all that beauty, all that wealth e'er
Care,
Await alike the Inevitable hour.
. The paths of clary lead but to the crave.
Then, with tears in her eyes, she turned
to her entourage and said:
"Do you know I' would rather be the
author of that verse than to get up an
absolutely new filling for the sandwiches
I shall serve at my 6 o'clock to-morrow."
This seemed incredible, and yet she
spoke as from the heart.— Detroit Journal.
DOWN ON CHIN ESE ' FASHIONS.
AS FROM THE HEART.
"That candidate backed out and
wouldn't accept his nomination."
"What ailed him?" ,
"He said he wouldn't imperil bis coun
try's destiny by becoming President on
the thirteenth ticket In the field."—Indian
apolis Journal.
"We tried to get the priraa donna to
sine a-t our little concert on shipboard,
but she positively refused."
-Stubborn, eh?"
"No. not exactly. She said she might
not b« too good for ten-twenty-thirty, but
she'd be banged if she wasn't too good
to perform under canvas."— Indianapolis
Press.
PATRIOTIC SUPERSTITION.
A STICKLER.
Joskins— I say. old boy. this Is my first
day at shrotin*. Ton might tell me in con
fidence what people shut one eye for
when they're sigh tin' anything.
Hosldns— Oh. that's perfectly simple,
m^dear fellow. You see. if they were to
abut both eyes they wouldn't be able lo
«ee anything.— Plck-Me-Up.
WHY AIM WITH ONE EYE.
-."But .why," asked the amateur Anarch
ist, for the twentieth time,, "why do wa
need any, law at all?" "Law," > ! said the
flippant person, "is necessary for" the con
servation of our own property andiother
people's'morals."— Indianapolis Press.
MONEY THROWN AWAY.
NOT. YET.; DECIDED.
. "Er — I want some sort of a prcsent^for
a young lady.". '
"Sweetheart or sister?" "
,"Er— why— she 'hasn't;. said which she
wiir be yet."— Pittsburg Dispatch. - :
"Does that young" woman hall from Bos
ton?". •¦-:¦:: ¦;¦;/. - ¦; ' >•¦:- /,-¦ / ..
• "Yes," answered ; the youth, thoughtful
ly, "that expresses the Idea precisely. Sh»
hails from Boston. I was never before
overtaken by such a heavy, downfall of
intellectual ice." — Washington Star. - '
Polly— I .wouldn't mind being the Em
press Dowager. .
Dolly— Why. Polly! j
" Polly— Indeed, I wouldn't! When ner
frocks don't suit she can chop her dress
maker's head off.— Detroit Free Press.
SHE. HAILED.
A TRIFLE TOO GOOD
- Chappie — I wish to— aw— purchase : an
umbrella.- ¦• ''¦ . ' -.',.'
Dealer— Umbrella, sir; yes, sir. Here Is
something just out; sir— $10. ¦ V
Chappie— Oh, not that kind. Tve got one
of. that kind, don't you know*.;.; I -want
something to use when it wains, don't you
know.— New York Weekly.
A HEATHEN OUTBURST.
"How is my son getting on?" inquired
the boy's father.
"I can't speak as approvingly as I'd like
to." answered the instructor. "Whenever
I ask him a question he wants at least a
day to look up the answer, and when ha
gets it it is. usually unsatisfactory.":
"Well," answered, the parent, with a
sigh," time alone can tell. " I suppose ha
will turn out to be either a great diplo
mat or no good on", earth."— Washington
Star. -, '¦ '. '- ¦¦'
wise to choose some other profession.
Why. the man who runs the ice wagon
makus more than you do, the butcher goes
out driving every Sunday, the baker
wtars a beaver and a linen collar and the
real estate man has three diamonds in a
white shirt, to say nothing of the coal
man, who goes to sleep in church on a
velvet pillow every Sunday the Lord
sends!" N
"But— Molly, think of "genius; what am
I to do with that?" . /,
"The Lord only knows. John! But ho v
nice It would.be if you could only split it
into kindling wood at so mucn a cord or
swap it off for a barrel of flour nnd a
suear-cured ham!"— AtlanU Constitution.
IN DOUBT.
'¦There, is so little money in literature."
said the wife, "that I think -you would bo
THE PRACTICAL SIDE OF IT.
THREE.
Vulcan was laughing immoderately,
when Jupiter inquired the reason for his
hl'arity.
"I Just dropped a thunder peal out there
on a cloud and Mercury slipped on it,"
chuckled Vulcan.
Where would Vulcan's playfulness have
ended had there been a banana, tree in
the Garden of Elysium? — Baltimore Amer
ican.
REASONING FROM ANALOGY
Freddy !» the son of a Fourth avenue
stock broker, you vrfll understand, and is
therefore familiar with some of the tertaj
cf the profession.
"Papa." said Freddy.
"Well, my son."
"Is there such a worm. as a bookworm?**
"There is such a creature. Freddy, but
It is very rare. The term bookworm, how
ever, is applied to a person who is con
tinually poring over book*."
"Is a man who is always poring over tb.2
ticker a tapeworm?"— Pittsburg Chronicle.
WHEN MERCURY WENT DOWN.
REVENGK OK THE CRITIC
"I'd like to Interview him with a club!"
ex.-iaimed the novelist angrily.
••Why. I thought be spoke In the hiirh
est terms of your book." re turned the
friend.
"Highest terms!" cried the novelfsL
"The scoundrel did the best he could to
kill It. Why. there was a book designed
for summer resort reading. It was pub
limbed Jost at the right tlrae. advertised
extensively, and there was every promise
of an enormous sale when this fellow
published a criticism in which he said
there ?ras not a word, scene or incident
in the whole volume to which even the
most fastidious Puritan could object. Oh.
his malidiity is simply past comprehen
sion."—Chicago Post.
Th<*re was a loud. his;=inK i.ols*". Th<?
heavens were brilliantly Mfhted. The man
with the crimson. coat and the long leather
bar stopped and looked upward. He saw
¦what seemed to be a ball of fire coming
dir*«-tly toward him. leaving a Ions red
Ftroak behind It.
Before he cou!d move out of his tracks
he heard the object strike the earth a
fr* t>*>t away and after a short search
be found a ball perhaps an inch
nnd a ha'.f in diameter. He stood for a
moment jrazire thoughtfully down at it.
Then he raised his hat. scratched his head
solemnly «nd said:
"Holy St. Andrew! What a drive that
was! I wonder if they rlav coif on Mars,
too?*'— Chicago Times-Herald. •
HIS NATURAL CONCLUSION
A young. bachelor met a friend— * mar
ried mat>— and poured out- his tale of wm
in something like this: ; v .'*.-..¦
. "I say. old chip. I'm up against It// T«»
raorrow is the birthday of/my b*?t girt
j and. of course. 1 wanr to make h«r some
sort of present. -To - tell.- you the truth.; I
have promised her a ifold" belt buckle that
she fancies, but the darned thing costs V&*
and all the : , money I 'can rake in<l scrape
just : now 1* fa beggarly $10. g Now. if you'll
let me have the other $15 I'll haul it back
the: next pay.'day." : '~' . ' •,'
The married man was not flush Itfmsel!
just then, but a,* he knew hLs t riend ¦ was
.all .right and 'really wished «o do him. a
favor, he said: 1 - .-.:- .
"I haven't the money si bout me. but I'll
tell you -what >.I*II;d6' ; I, have an account -
j at Blank's jewelry 'shop.- Let'a-co down'
there and. see. the buckle.: I'll ouy it and
have it "charged; to my account a^il you
can hand me the' J25 any time before the
first of the month, when the' bill- will l»e
rendered." .
-This scheme worked to a charm.^ The
young man with the "best girl" was de
lighted and the buckle was carried off in
triumph. That would have been the end
of the episode, doubtless, had not the wife
of the -lender, got hold of the bill during
the absence of her husband on a business
trip. Judge of his consternation upon re
ceiving a telegram in these words: • .
"Come home at once.. 1 know all."
. Taking, the fast train, he reached the
city, took a cab to ride home and. dashing
upstairs three steps at a time-, he entered
hi:; bedroom and found his wife in tears
while engaged in packing her trunk.
"You wicked, deceitful wretch!'/, she ex
claimca between sobs. "Who would have
believed that you would have deceived me
hi this way? I am going home to m-mo
-ther. I wi-wi-wish I had ne-nev
never lelt her at all— boo-hoo-hoo."
'•Deceit you!'. 1 cried the frantic and.be
wildered, husband; *;what do .you mean?
Who, wJiat— why, I never, heard of you in
my life.'*
"Oh, ybu needn't stand there and try to
He out of it! I know all! I know all
about the hussy! Look, here is'the bill
for the prold belt buckle you bought her!
To think that it'should ever come to th—
this — boo-hoo-hoo."
Then followed the copious tears., and
sobs. When* the wife's grief had about
spent itself, in tears, the husband got an
opportunity, to explain, but.it took re
markable eloquence and an abundance of
caresses to straighten matters out.
"But wasn't it a narrow escape?" said
he as he detailed the story. - "Everything
was against me. It had a suspicious ioo'.c.
certainly. After ... this, when a friend
wants an accommodation he gets It in
ccol cash, If I have to go out and borrow
it."— Cincinnati Enquirer. ¦ ¦
A Close Call.
"I never sit down to a good- dinner ,''
sa-d the eld magician with a remlnescent
smite, "twit I think of the expensive meal
that 1 once indulged tn out West. It
tvas during the political excitement of
four years xgo. I was making a tour of
the West, and one day while traveling I
was cUiged to stop at a farm and ask
the i Id man who owned it if he would
be kind enoart to let 'me have Kotnethtng
to cat. as tt would be several hours be
fore T would reach a hotel.
*"*Come riffht in/ said he. g^n'nUy. 'We
ain't cot mv.c\ but I gruess we can cook
y«» mp a unack.'
. "The political excitement vms running
hl»h at that time, and I soon found that
the rid man was a wild-eyed defender of
the silver faith, and he talked of noth
ing: el.«e while I was eat ins. Thinking
to have a little fun with him. I pretend
ed to find a five-dollar cold p'ecv in the
bsccn, which I put tn my mnu«h and went
through the motion of swallcwirg.
"Much to tr.jr surprse. the finding of ihe
K«ld did not excite the clrt roan a bit. so
I picked out another geld piece and put
that in my mouth. I took seven five
dollar gold pieces out of that bacon, one
after another, and he never so much as
lifted an eyelid, and I pave up trying to
amuse myjwlf at his expense.
" 'How much do I owe you T I asked
w«.en I was through.
"'Iftirty-five dollar* an' twenty-five
cents.' he answered calmly.
" "'What T I shouted "- amazement.
" That's what.' he f-lmly replied, as
he fingered his gun. 'Bacon, twenty-five
cents: seven gold bugs at $5 a bug, *3>.
Hit's a condition, not a theory, thct con
fronts ye.*
"I paid it. for the old m«n would not
listen to reason or the explanation that
I offered, and he bad a way of handlinir
his mm that positively made ne
nervous."— IVtroit Free Press.
An Expensive Meal.
THE SUNDAY CAM,.
"Well, j Eliza, It got I hot" in Just .three
minutes. I : hadn't jeut " five : strokes be
fore the people on both "sides" or us threw
two bird cages and four alarm clocks at
me."— Detroit Free Press.
He came in breathlessly, hurrying like
one who bore important news.
"A butcher in the market dropped sixty
feet!" he exclaimed.
"Is he dead? How did It happen? -Tell
us about It." , .-.,
"No. he Un't hurt a bit."
"That'» remarkable." :T:.^
•They " were pigs' ' feet."— Pittsburg
Chronicle-Telegraph. ¦ :" - ; " .
INTERRUPTED.
: "Eliza, youTl never - again get , me out
at 4 o'clock to cut the grass."
"David, I wanted you to do it before
It got hot."
TWO.
ONE
3
FOUR.the sun:
4i^mY call.
5THE SECOND KNOCKOUT.
"I know well enough, fellow-citizens."
exclaimed the fierce-browed, shaggy
haired orator, "that the views I advocate
are not popular. Not ten days ago. while
advocating them from a public platform,
I was struck en the head by a brick ano
knocked senseless."
"Why didn't you wait till you got your
sense back before you went to talking
again?" inquired a man ln the outskirts
of the crowd, in a loud, raucous voice.—
Chicago Tribune.
THE SIGNIFICANCE.
Percy— I dreamt last night that you had
accepted me. What does that dream sig
nify?
Edith — That you will marry me!
¦Percy — Ah! And when?
Edfth— When you dream again!— Puck.
settled down somethini? pretty handsome
on the' charming young widow and then
she married him."— Chicago Tribune.
"Old Gayboy." I learn, has married a
charming young widow and settled down."
"He didn't do anything of the kind. He
MISTAKEN IDEAS.
skirt.' waved it above her hea.d and
brought the train to a stop.;
All the world wondered.
"How brave of you." cried "the world,
"to have worn a red skirt, when red is
obviously not your color!" . .
The heroic maiden shrank timorously
away from their praise, like a startled
fawn, for she had attended boarding
school and knew exactly how to do this. —
Detroit Journal. ; •
Here the young girl removed her red
BRAVERY
Billtop — You must be doinj? mighty well,
old man. to be able to charter a yacht.
Capton— Not at alL I'm doing it so save
money.
"How's that?"
"I'm going: to keep my wife at sea for a
whole month." — Harper's Bazar.
"Henry." she said, "did you get those
shoe buttons for me to-day T*
"Yep," he replied. :
"What did you do with them?"
He felt in his pocket and presently
fished out a little round box. Then a
scared look overspread his countenance
and the lady wanted to know what was
the matter.
- "Did you take any of those complexion
pills you asked me te bring home for
you?" he asked.
"Yes; one." she answered. "Why?"
"That was a shoe button. Here are the
pills."
ECONOMY.
INTERCHANGEABLE
"Did you go to preaching" thl3 morning.
JackT*
"Ay, sir, but when 1 heard the landlub
ber who was preachln" say 'ye can't
starve on a two-master* I got up an* ken
out. 'What does he know about ships?" —
Chicago Tribune.
First Tramp — Ain't ye gotn' through
New Jersey this year?
Second Tramp— No. I ain't Was lh*>r»
last year.
"Wot's th* matter with it?"
"Every time anybody gits, kilied they
arrests all th' tramps in th' State. I only
killed two women there last year, an' I
sot arrested sixteen times." — New Tor's
Weekly. Wjl K'iWtllLjhLJI
SEAMEN'S BETHEL.
She has no dog to fondle.
She has no cat to pet;
She does not own a parrot.
She leads no soctoU set;
She writes no learned papers.
To read where wonen meet.
But she can get up dbhta
Her husband likes to eat.
—Sterling. ML, Standard.
DECIDEDLY UNFAIR.
WHAT SHE CAN DO.
our son's tour ln America, must have
been a failure. Here Is a cable askin S
that we meet him at the dock next Thurs
day with a dray. Poor boy! He cannot
afford a. carriace."
"No, my dear." said the artist's father,
whose reasoning faculties- were necessar
ily more acute, "it is not because he can
not afford the carriage. He wants the
dray to haul his money hom«.~— Chicago
Times-Herald. v -
"Ah." said the great musician's mother
WHEN HE .-RETURNS.
Queer thing what ideas a man will gret
into his head after he's been doing l>*»
swell thing in dining." said the tall police
man, reflectively. "I'm cot talking about
«« criminal classes or the classes that
merely eat when it comes eating time. I
mean the real dicers, the chaps who ua«
£r£, aad d r«» salts and get up In the
middle of the afternoon.
' u *** to »* stationed opposite a res
«n l ri IJ^ thot * as advertised alt over the
world for the excellence of its foods and
vk?^"" , Whcn x firsl w «» »*•«» « »~
viMona of many arrests and quick
?«t „ A / Ur 1>d **«" **«« » while and
much* m ° re wnM l dMn>t ¦•« **
learirg against the plate glass window ot
o>wL C opposlle tn * restaurant about 11
ir™ m T night - when two > ol »»* fellow*
w ° ™ a s^PP^d to talk over some
Th?r, t* r em - d to ** troutAins, them.
?5S£5£ haad * Md **""*! over
th?m^n *•?•"*. ' knew ther * **» one of
«raS St , ep P in S •« and talkir. K with a
carrion '?" Rhlng - Th « ««t man that
what would have been a weeks wages for
me. was P uttin s U p a »tory about bSng I
2S J SSSSr' ; JUHt ° Ut Cf the ho^lfa*
with a sick wife and some starving child'
ren. He B ot it off on several people ind
then .1 topped him. thinKing he might
give somebody offense. "
, Li° h> K? - aU riKhl ' Mr - PoH « m an.' he
toW me. 'I just bet my friend the w n- I
couldmake a hi. as a t>e Ksar .- ZTul
wanted mv to go with them and help drink
up the stakes. But 1 refuse and advUed
him to go home."
freaks cf QoQd Avers.
PAPA HAD A PULL:
She—It will be safer If we elope on a railroad train.
"T^wV— . ¦::-'
She—Well, papa won t pursue us until be can get a pass.
IT DIDN'T MATTER.
Grocer—What kind of tea do you want, black or green?
Bridget—Sure, an* It doesn't mother, sir. Me missus Is color blind.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE GREAT UNCONQUERED.
6Little i Elmer (a thoughtful lad)— Papa,
what is the difference . between * a patriot
and a politician? . , c -- -, * *. .<- _^^ ,
- Pr"ofessor Broadhead— "Why," the former
does it for- fun, and . the. latter P for, the
money there Is in 1L— Puck.' v • •• • * "•-*
THE DIFFERENCE.
' - Defeated Candldater-You encouraged me
to ran for the i office. You know you did.
Yon s"ald'yon'thought*I*wouldn'f*make a
:b^fAldennan.'^t<^'^?«*--^''->^^-tf>Viv I .
Trusty Henchman— Well, the returns
seem to show that I was richt.-^'^aton
HE- DIDN'T.
"During the_ first year of her married life
a woman's proudest boast is that sho gets
up at G o'clock and prepares her husband's
breakfast." . I |
/•And after that what is lt?'^ -
"That her husband jCarrles her breakfast
:to,her*while she remains upstairs In bei'*
rr^ChlcagoJL'imes-Herald. "^ ~ t > • |,8
i Catterjgri— Ix)ok' hefe, "ojd man! Let mo
tell you how"l manage my wife. I alwajra
give her money when she doesn't want it,
and when she does 'I refer to the time
when I 'offered < it to her.- | \i
.-; Hatterson^-That's a^fine scheme, butfit
wouldn't'.work? in my case.f "
"Whynotr '¦ -.'
;"Well.<rvet never yet seen- the -time
when *• my' wife' didn't want money."—
Harper'a .Bazar. _-.:
BEFORE AND AFTER.
NO USE,
"Something- dreadful has happened." 1
There was a tremor in_her voice, and the
old man straightened up. f-^e noticed that
she held a'letter."-
wrong?".; he tasked. "Is any of
the children "sick r 4 '.; *
JpJ'No.j Last.week -I saw a piece In our
farm, paper^ that said if I -sent a dollar I
could nnd out how to get rid of rats and
roaches.\I sent. the dollar." tikfw&m
1 **^-- y&* \, . . .- ; j
• what they .wrote ;back:
aTTay."",'"'" ,; * - . • *
'. Then : the poor old soul wept as "if her
heart would break— Chicago Times-Her
¦alaVApY^9» - i i
¦*T>ayId.""
"•'Yes. Martha."
ONErMORJB UNFORTUNATE?
- . First ¦ Populist— It •" says here /there's ,a
r.ew company beln* formed to turn the hall
atmosphere into liquid air an" then charge
us fer turnin' it back ag*in bo we kin
breathe.— Puck. ' ¦ , > ; ~ S . . [ i
A GENIUS.
•"They, say my cousin is a wonderful doctor.** : r- " ¦ I
"You bet he is! I swallowed a nickel the other day and he made me cough,up;
two dollars." • _•.'.. ' 4' / ¦*
ANOTHER OCTOPUS.
First Populist— By gum!: I think this is
about- the wust scheme yet. ¦'-'.
fc Second Populist— What Is It? ',
BJohnson— I •understand that you" went
hunting down in Maine last year and came
back without anything?
BJackson — It's a miserable- lie. .1 came
back with the guide. — SttmervlUe Journal.
PUTTING HIM RIGHT.
Excited Man — Judge. I've lost" my hat!
Judge— That's nothing, young man. Whole suits are lost here every day.
bottle, went to the mines on my collecting
tour. I tried ten or more places, bat could
not collect a cent. So at the sicxt house I
took oet my bottle and allowed' some of
tho h(-<«= to epca|v*. The effect was magi
cal. The ol<3 woman became exctted and
ran to the door, calling out to the men.
"Th<rc was a jabbering in queer
tdii^u^s and their arms swung like the
rails to a 'windmill. I was pointing to a
bill for a J4 50 clock. The men went down
into their pockets and the old woman
n. iHin! in an old stocking, and when I
left I was jingling the coin in dimes and
pennies in the lefthand pocket of my
jeans."
The old man chuckled softly: "And
that's the way of it — no_trouble to collect
with the bee?'."
IN THE FAR N.0KTH.
With a brirht simile the beautiful Es
lrirr:o left us to join the merry throng
In the ballroom.
"Vour daughter is a gay butterfly!" I
exclaimed, desiring to be very compli
mentary-
"For my part. I don't think much of this
fccial life!" replied the mother, with sud
den voliemer.ee. "The Idea of dancins
every night till away along in March."and
then lying in bed next day until August 1.
or Euch a matter!"
It was on my tongue to say that these
young people had too much latitude, but
1 checked myself. — Detroit Journal. .-1;
A HINT.
"Medical skill." ' sneered My Patient,
"cannot save a man from dying!"
"No/* I replied. "Sometimes In" very
desperate cases it can't even save a' man
from dying rich!" " .
In this it was my purpose to allude cut
tingly to the extreme difficulty I had, bad
In collecting my bill against him.— Detroit
Journal. «J£fi££ISSlS9iSJgl
COULD BE HAPPY WITH EITHER.
Young Lady— If you* make another, at
tempt to kiss me I shall call my mother!
Admirer— Miss ,J5Ua,\I am not afraid;
your mother is still a handsome; and well
preserved widowl— Meggendorfer Blaetter.
' " r- ' ~* 'HE '"KNEW.
, ,
Long—"Dame Fortune knocks once at every man's door."
Short—It was her daughter. Mis-Fortune who called on me.
Painted on the door of a room over a
blacksmith's shop on a road -leading, into
Jutland. N. J^ is this. sign :*W^.»*«*«~
: ZED B. AMBERG. ESQ..* :
: Bumblc-Bee Lawyer. :
: NO COURTS NEEDED. :
: Always ret what I go for. :
•.- •
Mr. Amberg'g office Is one story above
the ground. In_ lleuof steps there Is an
Incline of planks so steep. that one unac
customed to It must retire about twenty 1
yard?, brace himself and 'run- tor it. Mr.*
Amber? is a big man wtthSa. mass of
bushy white hair and a luxuriant growth
of whiskers which reach up to his ears.
Mr. Ambcrg stroked his beard as he ex
plained the use of his bees as a persuader
with delinquent debtors. . ',
"I hare been doing business, as a 'col
lector in this region for many, years and
had but little trouble until tbe'>mines
hereabouts were filled op with foreigners.^
"Collections then began to set harder,
and I wanted 6ome new, method.*. Most
cf my collections are among the miners
who get ore for the - smelters of :' West
Portal, Bloomsburg and '* Glen Gardner.
These people will buy almost anything
that's offered if they can only pet credit,
but ha vine secured It they are loth to
pay for it. You can see that ordinary le
ral procedure would have no effect with
:hem.
"About five years ago I observed that
these people had an' odd superstition
about bumble-bees, especially the white
headed female bees, which cannot stine.
Th*>y believe that these bees are the ad
vance agents of bad luck, and when they
er.ter a dwelling it is a signal for the in
mates to depart. One day I fathered a
few doxen bees. and. putting them In a
Queer Lawyer in Jersey.
The wife— Oh! Fuller, this will break my heart!
Mr. Fuller Nagoat— Don* be 'larmed, 'm dear. GoJn* play 111 game of coif with
Mishcr Jones. Jus' dropped in to get my golf sticks.
* THE SUNDAY CALL.
7TflB SOTfDAX CALIi.
8court circles. Tier movements were as
ceremoniously recorded In the papers as
those of the Kaiser himself. My slater
and I often wondered about this famous
countrywoman of ours. From a rollab.lt -
source we learned of her first marriage "
Prince Frederick of Schleawlg-Holsteln-
Sonderburg-Augustenburg met and fell
in love with an . American girl— Mary
Esther Lee. lie first saw her in a hotel in
Paris. I Ho was old, but ardent, and wooed
her with a.. persistency that won consent.
As a member of a German sovereign
house he could only marry *ah 'American,.
not "born" in German law, ilnder one of I
two conditions.
There could have been a morganatic
marriage, perfectly legitimate, but In
which the wife and children can have no
share In the husband's rank and its ap
purtenances.
Or the Prince could abdicate both name
and rank and wed the American girl on
terms of equality.
Mary Esther Lee would not listen to r. .
morganatic marriage. So Prince Freder
ick of Schleswig-Holsteln-Sonderburg-
Augustenburg consented to have all theso ¦
high-sounding Hoch Deutsch titles am
putated and become plain Heir Frederick.
j IJut this did not suit the ambitious Amer
ican girl. It was not that she loved roy
alty less, but that she wanted to share it
more..
On September 24, 1E6J, Herr Frederick,
vho had duly made his renunciation, re
ceived for himself and his future . wife
Austrian collation of the title of Prlnco
Of Noer, and as .such he was married in
the following November. Emperor Fran
cis Joseph bestowed the title upon them '
because of the irresistible persuasive
powers of this charming American'
woman. Many American girls have
won— or boughtvtitled husbands, but
the Princess of Noct is the only one who
ever had the title of Princes3 in her own
right.
When Prince Noer died, shortly after
their marriage, he left his American brlds
his fortune, valued at $4,000,000. It was
r.ot until ten years later that she mar
ried the Count yon Waldersee. This and.
the fact that the Countess was "one of
the celebrated Lees of Virginia," was
practically all tho information wo'
gleaned about the mos't powerful womaa
In the German empire.
Some months after our Interest had flrst
been awakened in her we saw the Coun
tess dining with the Empress. It was our
day for writing home, and my sister Ger
trude in a letter to my aunt gave a llttlo
rketch of this famous American who is
without honor in her own land. Imaglna
cur surprise when we received the follow
ing answer. I quote, directly from my
aunt's letter, which I have saved:
"My dears, I am sure you are mistaken
about the Countess von "Waldersee. Sh«
does not belong to the Lees*of Virginia if
she is the Mary Esther Lee who married ,¦
a Prince. somebody or other. •"**. *Vlf :
my memory does not fair me she re
ceived the title of Princess of Noer or
some such name.
"1 had a letter from her at the time, but
It was destroyed In the fire. Tes. my dear
nieces, your aunt was once a very dear
friend of this Countess von Waldersee.
But she was plain Mar}' Lee then, and we
lived in neighboring houses here in New
York City. What gay frolics we hava
had together as children and how long ago
It all seems. • Mary Lee must be near 60
now— you see I cannot call her the Coun
tess von Waldersee— she is Jyst Mary Lee
to me. ¦;_ ;-.".-¦
"She was a little dictator even In those
days.' and ruled us all with an iron hand.
They were people of gome mean3, her •
father^ being a wholesale grocer... '
-"There. were-iwo' other gr'lrls in the fam- •'¦
Ily." The father died when they were all
quite young, and Mrs. Lee went to Stutt
gart to live and educate her children.
They were accounted wealthy then, but '"¦
It would be a very modest sum Indeed' In V
these days of gigantic fortunes.
' "I corresponded with Mary for years,'
but gradually w« ceased writing. <At,Ul
timo of her first marriage I received my
last, letter from her, .Mary- Le# must
have been in the middle twet.ow* tnei.l
, • • . * m If you should coma to. meet the
Countess von Walderseejl am sure i shV
"will see you for the sake of the little girl
•who was the dearest friend > of Mary Es-
• ther Lee. •••"". ,,^ --
' Imagine, our surprise! -Countess von
•'Waldersee, . "the power ''' behind- the
'German throne," "the; daughter' of a New
York ; grocer! • Perhaps , Aunt r Alice was
right in believing that the Countess would
receive us . for her sake; ' but . w« decided ¦¦
' not to venture it Just then.- Berlin was in*
a fever of excitement Mover, the) expected
departure of Count - von -Waldersee : f or ;
China. On the morning of August 20 the •
Count c-'. left '-.. Berlin. Vx The ft streets «; were *
thronged v with"; people 4 eager.: 'to ''.''catch '''.a';
gllmpa* of the departing ''» general. "The
ambition of his wife: has , been realized.
Von. Waldersee la the of "Von;
Moltke," were ;the oft-heard' remarks.
V : At L the- i railway : ; station vHheJ. curious
throngs were barred out. , But, ] thanks . to
an; influential official, we were; allowed In
the Enclosure and stood 'within* a : few, feet,
of .'the', great ! general ." and*' ; hls ""greater
•American -; wife:- Count ; von v .Waldersee
stood on the "steps', of the. car/ bidding} a'
final T; farewell*; to his i friends. He ; wore
the uniform ¦ which Emperor William wore
on'' his > voyage 5 to Jerusalem and <;. which
was presented to the Count by, the Kaiser.
-I The I general . has v a ¦ pleasant, cheerful
face, , with ¦" , a; merry twinkle playing: hide
and seek, in his blue eyes. The twinkle
, did • no t ' seem [ to have , the uppermost that
; day, c for 'whenever I hlr glanced ; at \ his de-
; ; A day , or, two (afterward j my s sister. Gert
rude and myself left for Hamburg to pay
a longrdeferred .visit .In the hurry. of tho
,; Count - von '- Waldersee 'f- seems -. to be as
popular with the people as their
Emperor, for,- they- cheered \ themselves
hoarse as the train pulled out. The Count
ess , was " hurried , , into : a ; : i carriage ... and
whisked ; away. The next day^the papers
had It that she had gone for a brief .visit
to her; home * near -Hamburg. ¦ . \ :
' voted wife . the'.. blue • eyes grew, moist. - ' Of
the Countess ; von*- Waldersee we did not
see so good a view. She was dressed very
I plainly" in black, a, little _blaek bonnet an
her ' snow .white ¦.' hair. .7 5 Her face .was,
buried -most * of time in a big bunch
of ', flowers,' and we imagined ( that . many a
'teardrop 'glistened on' the petals.' ""
There was one man! who did not visit
the salon .of Countess : von Waldersee.
Prince Bismarck frowned upon her grow
ing power and never lost" an opportunity
to " frustrate her plans. * It was war to
the knife with them "and the Countess
usually, won out. iller Influence grew, a3
his -waned. When the "Iron hand" had
lost Its power her woman's hand showed
more strongly than ever In imperial pol
. ltlcs. Honor after .honor was bestowed
"iupon her -husband. '* He was -made tho
director 'of the. German army, and last
honor; off alii commander in chief of the
1 allied , forces. '
r;«The day after our cards .were sent to
the Countess von Waldersee we received,
¦ 'a' kind note from her asking us to lunch-"
V eon . on' the' following day. She sent one '
* of her own cdrrlagesior us and we were
driven outside- the ; city limits over a de
lightful winding road until quite unex
pectedly the driver wheeled his , horsed ,
and we bowled,. briskly r along a' shaded
v. avenue! stretching for a mile or so to the
'delightful old castle which is the favorite
residence of the Countess von Waldersee.
: The Countess herself welcomed us, her
-* English- flavored with a. decided German
accent. After a. few gracious '.wo_rds that"
,;¦ made us feel as though, we had known her
all our lives she left us to the care of the
; maid. We then Joined, the „ Countess .in
v . the . library for - a ten-minute chat before
.. luncheon was announced. The-' Countess
C Is ; "a i distinguished ; looking- woman, with
.. <be erect carriage of a young girl and tha
At 'the. expressed wish of the Emperor
the young Empress was put in charge of
her grandaunt, .the . charming Countess.
The Countess proved , a" most, kind and
judicious adviser, instructing the Empress
in'; the paths of -Prussian court
"etiquette. The Empress is' to-day one of
the most suave and polished women In
Europe, and j she 'nor her "royal
husband * have ever, forgotten how much
It is due to the Countess von Walder
see.,
Countess von .Waldersee • wa* acknowl
edged the most brilliant and polished wo
man in Berlin. She . queened it over a
salon where the aristocracy of brains and
birth met. Among the guests who came
frequently was Emperor William. Count
Waldersee, always a'favorltv with- the
Emperor, grew In popularity, thanks to
the cleverness "of his wife. '
" Frau von R — - added bits to our storo
of information concerning Countess voa
Waldereee. »The Germans have it that
this American woman gained her. power
over Emperor William by rounding out
thi. angles' In his young bride. When
William married tho Princess Augusta
Victoria she was a simple, bashful girl
with little knowledge of tho ways of
court. The young Empress was a grand
niece of the Countess von Waldersee by
her first marriage.
sudden leaving we -gave no especial
thought to the fact . that we would be
near our famous countrywoman. In Ham
burg th© Von Walderse© name is as po
tent as In Berlin and our hostess was
mora than Interested when she beard
that the Countess . had been a playmate
of our "aunt. "Send her your cards and
an extract from your aunt's letter," in
sisted Frau von R— , and before wa could
change our minds she had hastily dis
patched a man with them.
Before parting SIsttr Gertrude asked
the Countess for a photograph. She most
graciously. acceded to the request, giving
123 one also for my aunt. A maid brought
pen and. ink and in beautiful : German
script she ¦ wrote 'on ¦ them "Countess von
"But." she said, "I feel like Mary
Esther Le« to-day.", ' — -^r~Tr r "-v--.'. :
Countess. "You mu3tn"t think that I
haven't a very soft spot for my mother
country. I never forget to celebrate tho
Fourth of July."
dersefcs.\ *
"You do not know bow I have enjoyed
meeting you American girls." sa'd tha
After luncheon the . Countess tock us
through the. castle, which Is as fine and
Interesting a Schlnss as Germany boasts
'of.' Everywhere sfre' trophies that show
how close the Von Waldcrsces are to tho
Emperor and Empress. Photographs and
weapons and Innumerable gifts, all attest
ing to royal partiality to the Von Wal-
' "I do not see as many Americans as Z
should like to, but there are penalties on*
must: pay In official 'life.* However, I am
deeply interested in the American girl and
her progress. I am glad to see so many
of them are developing the artistic sldo
of their natures. What superb creatures
the American girls are after all! I can
always pick them out from, other nation
alities. C: There j Is a swing and Indepen
dence about -them that stamps them as
Uncle Sam's daughters. . -
"I used to" plan : that some day I would
visit my old home. I am afraid I never
shall now, and. I know New York has
grown beyond any recognition. I could
have of It. I never thought in the days
.when I played with your aunt that my
life lines would be cast In Germany."
At luncheon she led the eoaversatioa
Into musical channels, prbflny herself a '
genuine lover of mnsfe. So skillfully did
the Countess steer the* talk that ws n«rer
once sighted any, of. the deeper problems
of the day. , Evidently sh* doe*. not UUt
lightly upon questions of moment. Cite*
was mentioned but- once, and then - only
to regret that we could not meet her hut
band. "As he Is In China."
"I have lived her© so lonr," «ald Xh»
Countess, "that I have a very thick T*t»
]ton coating,- but underneath it ther* !»
still a layer of Americanism. Yon do sot
know how I love to see an 'American. shl?
with the dear old stars and stripes-float
ing on the breeze. And I always hava an].
, American Cag in my housei. .. ,- c
The Countess ha* a very easy, va*i»
fected manner of talking-, and when he*
face is animated she is decidedly hand"
some, with something mori than mar*
doll-llkd beauty distinguishing 1 her. He*
sense of humor, noticeably lacking; la
German women, betrays her Tanks* an
cestry. She has the brain of a mas and
the sympathy of a. woman, the tact of *>
diplomat and simplicity of a chfld~«> rara
combination,' but remember tha Cerent***,
von Waldersee Is no ordinary berac
¦now-whlte hair that becomes her. years.
She really looks more German than Amer
ican, foreign residence having evidently
affected her looks as well as her speech.
The Countess piled us with question* eon*
cerning our aunt and the other playmates
whom she -had known before power and
fame were hers. She was as mterwtsd
as a German haus frau In the number of
children they each had and, their mod* of
living*.
MISS MARIAH" WATTS of
-
San. Francisco is one of very
few American girls who lias
visited the Countess von
Waldersee. It is claimed that many
of the high, honors earned by General
von "Waldersee, now in command of
the allied forces in China, is due to
the tact of his American wife. Tha
Countess von Walderseo is bo influ
ential with the Emperor and Empress
that she is often called "the powef
behind tho German throne."
It is not generally known that shs
is an American girl 'whose father was
a H«w York grocer. The Countess
von Waldersee has been twico mar
ried — the first time, to a prince who
gave up his original title to wed her,
but received from the Emptror of
Austria the title of Prince of Noer.
The Countess von Waldersee is ac
counted the most ambitious woman
( in Europe, and does not lack Yankee
push and perseverance to further
her plans. Her influence with Em
peror William is stronger than that
of any bearded diplomat in the realm.
It is easier to meet Queen Victoria
than the Countess von Waldersee.
Very few Americans have had the
honor, and, indeed, very few of 'thsm
know that this extraordinary woman
is an American*
Miss Watts was accorded the priv
ilege owing to family friendship and
she has written on account of her
meeting with Countess von Waldsr- .
Bee for The Sunday Call.
Miss "Watts and her sister Gertrude
ere ; both -San ' Francisco girls, who .
have been abroad some years study
ing music "*
f=a'ERLIN', Sept. 12.— I have visited
j=sk the "power, behind the German
JL^y throne." »'
For that Is tbe way the Germans
epeak of the Countess von Waldersee.
Now that the eyes of the world are
focused on China, Count von Walderseo.
the commander-in-chlef of the allied
forces, naturally gets the lion's share of
personal interest. . Here In Berlin the
Count von Waldersee Is overshadowed by
a more powerful personality. It It the
Countess von Waldersee, whose every
word Is awaited with breathless Interest; '
whose every movement Is watched.
And the Countess von Walderseo Is an
American woman. Just ponder over that
for a znoment.
The daughter of a New York grocer, she
has twice married Into tha nobility. Her
first husband relinquished the title of
Princ* of Schleswig-Holstein In order to
marry her. By this marriage she is a
grand aunt of the Empress of Germany.
Her first diplomatic move was to per
suade the Emperor, Francis Joseph, to
give her husband the title of Prince of
Noer. This mad© her a Princess in her
own right.
Tb« Prince of Noer died, leaving her his
vast fortune. Ten years later the widowed
Princess Noer married Count von Walder
see.
She. became the personal advisor of the
Emperor and Empress of Germany.
She helped crueh the power of Bismarck.
Her- Influence brought about Count von
Waldersee's appointment as chief of the
allied forces in China.
These are a few of the things which
this da.ugb.ter cf an American grocer has
accomplished. Small wonder that she Is
considered the cleverest and most auda
ciously ambitious woman in all Europe.
Bzsa.ll wonder that It - Is tbe ambition of
every American girl In Germany to be re
ceived by her.
I think, however, that.I may safely say
that very few American Women have en
joyed the rare privilege of meeting Coun
tess von Waldersee. You must disen
tangle a labyrinth of red tape to get at
the "power behind the German thrcne."
I flret saw the Countess von Waldersee
at the last musical festival arranged in
honor of Emperor William's, birthday.
As a pupil In the KoenigHcbe Hochschule
(conservatory of music) I was a member
of the orchestra. At the right of the
Empress cf Germany sat a dlsynguished
looklcg elderly lady. "The Countess von
Waldersee," some one whispered as the
royal party were leaving.
In the "pension" where we were then
living there were few other Americans-
French and Germans for the most part.
The festival was freely discussed at sup
per. An interrogation about the Countess
von Waldersee brought an avalanche of
information which swrpt all other topics
before it. "Not know the Countess!" and
the French looked Incredulous; and the \<
Germans reproachful. Then they pro-^
ceeded In Franco-Prussian to tell us -all *!
they knew about" the, Countess; the French
Civing one version of her life and the Ger
mans another, and both talking at tbe
fa.-rift time — a cheerful custom encouraged
at all foreign boarding bouses, as time
«pent in talking appreciably leiseni the .
Amount of food consumed.
Before we had been in Berlin another
fix months we realized how Important a ,
tele tfce Countess von /Walderse* plays in
• i >i « rti inni%nn«rii»n«rrMinl am ttimtrl
SUNDAY CALL
MY
VISIT TO THE
COUNTESS
VON
WALDERSEE"It is all chaotic, you see," said she.
"It is a greater undertaking than' one
would realize.' Although the Idea was
met with much encouragement and own
ers of any number of vacant lots have
voluntarily offered the use of their prop
erty, there remains much to be done, and
much expense to be incurred before th»
The main point we wish to make."
•aid Mrs. Cornwall In an Interview, 'Is
to vest the people we wish to help with
the first essential to their happiness — self
respect. By giving work to unfortunates
who are under a severe stress we hope
to tide them over that critical period of
helplessness and put them on their feet.
Philanthropy Is an art. Give a man
money and it does not nelp him. Gener
ally it does him harm, for in accepting
It he loses his self-esteem, and that once
gone he begins to be a beggar. By giving
him the opportunity to earn enough to
tide him over his difficulty you put him on
his merits and give him a start; he re
tains his own respect and feels like a
man among men. My experience In the
Red Cross work has , taught me many
things, and this among them. I think It
Is the very center of the whole difficulty
In philanthropy.
Mrs. Arthur Cornwall, at the head ot
the Department of Social Science, Is re
¦ponslble for the prospective experiment.
The idea was suggested to her by the suc
cess of the Plngree potato patch plan
which some time ago attracted much at
tention in Detroit and Chicago. But Mrs.
Cornwall's Intention Is to broaden out up
on the original plan, extending the work
to the culture of flowers and vegetables
other than the potato. In this way a
greater profit Is expected. Inasmuch as
there will be a readier and more varied
market, besides a variety of occupations
furnished to those who seek work.
The potato patch plan Is under the aus
pftoes of the California Club and it Is to
be Inaugurated for the relief of the poor
and unemployed.
SAN FRANCISCO is to have a potato
patch. In fact, potato patches are
to be ETenerously sprinkled all over
the city. Vacant lots are to be met
amorphosed from dried grass and rubbish
plats Into "thriving acreages of green
sprouts, with a little family of the Joy of
Ireland at the root of each. Th'e man
¦who Is to grow them weed them and see
to their care Is to be the ma-* whose fate
Is the problem of the age— the poor man.
plan can b* to working order. The lots
must be fertillted and everything must
be ready— then when we offer a man work
at a dollar and a half per day we must
have the dollar and a, half .to pay him.
.•When the thing is properly joint It will
be Belf-Bupporting, but ' the commence^
naent la the difficulty. There will ; be no
returns until the crops come la. and
meanwhile the people .who work and pre
pare the first " crop must be - paid. That
is why we have to have money.."
Mrs. Lo veil White, president of the
California Club, heartily • Indorses the
plan. "And it requires," says she, "soine
one of just Mrs. Cornwall' e energy and
spirit to carry It through.' It is no small
uadortakteg, but with Mrs. Cornwall at
the ' helm It is bound to ' succeed. . There
is a crying need of some such thing. The
California Club hopes to make as great
a" success out of ¦ the plan . as did '; Mayor
Plngree — and his Detroit plan was a" most
happy solution of Just such a problem as
Ban= Francisco is facing to-day." - \. ",
A Hhouph the ' proposed - plan * Is i for the
assistance of every class of unfortunates, 1
the California Club Is hoping to extend
through it>; a ¦ helping hand : to < a partial-,
lar type, "whose need," says Mrs. Corn
wall. "Is a moat. urgent one— whose situ
ation Is most pitiful— the unfortunates of
the military. ' ;' * V -. ¦'. : ¦ • ¦' . .v ' . / *
. "I think very, many people • do not . un
derstand 'the -pity., of 'an •, unfortunate -"-or
a ' disgraced/ aoldler. '¦* Sometimes young
boys, who have enlisted under age In the (
East, are. discharged from the array, a't'O
the "request? of ¦ their. s folks.; who do not
understand -what, it means. to them: They-.'
axe given a discharge -without honor and '
turned loose; without' a cent thousands of (
miles *, from • home. '¦• "What are; they going ' '
to '; do ? : 'X Then/;, there are thope ' who, ' { for (
tome military offense that really does not- {
MRS. ARTHUR CORNWALL,
President Social Science Department Calif ornia Club.
/SEE no reason why the Pingree plan should not be success
ful in San Francisco. It ts certain that something must be
donejor the aid of the great army of unemployed in our
city, and the only practical way to help them is to help them to
help themselves. After careful consideration of the matter and
much investigation of the Detroit plan I suggested the matter to
the California Club. The idea met .with every . encouragement
from the members, , and wherever-' it ivas : mentioned hearty
co-operation was' proffered.'- Owner's of vacant lots throughout
the city have come to me and offered the of their property
and the commission merchants gave us much encouragement in
the matter of help from their stock for seed potatoes, etc. With
this encouraging outlook we feel, secure in going on with the mat
ter. It zvill take a great deal of money before the plan is put
upon a self-supporting basis.' It is not a small undertaking, and
requires a great deal of thought. •!
There is such a very. great need for something of this kind
in San Francisco that the matter appeals to me very strongly,
and it is my dearest zvish to sec it successfully put into opera
tion. For the sake of those in need and distress,! hope that the
California Club will evolve out of its present chaotic ideas on the
subject a great and help f til work. • . ,
amount to a crime, are given dishonora
ble discharges. They have no money,
and the additional stigma of dishonor.
It # Is a crucial time for them. If they
are furnished with work, so that they
may earn enough to take them * away
from the scene of their disgrace. they
will survive it; but.. if unassisted, they
lead the miserable, sneaking existence of
one und£r a ban and become criminals.
Then there is the ppor soldier with his
and the basket for the weak. Frail
women and weak men may find lighter
tasks among the flower lota, and they
will be paid according to their merits.
The social science department of. ' the
California Club is devoted to the relief
of distress among the poorer working
classes and to the remedying of the
evils of the labor system. The question
of how to fill the poor man's dinner pall
is being dealt with in the afternoon ses
sions of the club.
fArs. £oi«rf/#alT ©F ti"^ QaTrFor-r|Ta
as the rose.
Then there will be cheering bits of scen
ery where gophers 'and rats now run
riot; rubbish and dried grass will , give
way to wholesome green things growing.
And there will be still a better sight: It
will be the sight of cheerful poor people
at work among the vegetables and flow
ers, earning round dollars to buy th»
necessaries of life — and glad of the op
portunity.
Hopeless men will be ' made to hope
with the simple remedy of a chance to
work and earn their bread. Unfortunate
women will have the opportunity to turn
the honest penny. Poor children will be
put to doing the lighter tasks about the
miniature farms, and under ragged lit
tle garments the solemn, saddened little
hearts may be made to thrill with' the
wholesome pride of a substantial return
for their might of honest toil. There will
be the hoe and the plow for the stronger.
eontrlDutions. under the able supervi
sion of Mrs. Cornwall. San Francisco's
vccant-lot deserts will be made to bloom
And It looks very much as If the Cali
fornia Club Is going to have its potato
patches. Commission merchants are
thinking over the advisability of offering
seed ROtatoes. and those who have heard
of the plan have proffered encouraging
•bob-tall* paper. The bob-tan paper, you
know, is the yellow paper discharge,
the dishonorable dismissal, and It
stands for military disgrace. Once
I told a soldier who was brooding
over a bobtail to throw it away, but
he replied that he would keep It al
ways, so that he would never be drafted
or compelled In any way to return to the
army. He wa» very much embittered,
fo- his nad been only a trivial offense,
and he felt the stigma, keenly. Some
times, you know, a man enlists and an
swers the questions wrong, concealing the
fact that he has been married or somt*
such thlnjr. Then If accidentally It is
found out, he Is In military disgrace, and
his paper Is bob-tailed. Those things are
not crimes, but they brand the man with
the prison etamp, and his self-esteem is
at a very critical point. It la the situa
tion of the military unfortunates that ap
peal to me most. Our Alcatraz boys
need to be looked after when they como
nway from thore. Some of them spend
the money allowed them for their return
to their homes In the East, and they. too.
need to be looked after. These are some
of the things *a want our potato patches
for.".
TEE STJNDAY CALL;
10
SAN FRANCISCO
TO CARRY OUT
A POTATO
PATCH PLANshould sliow above, and the- choice of
neckties is the same as for men.
Another little Russian garment is the
blouse reefer, made of kersey. Bright
Knees and is almost as loose as a sailor
garment. It is girted by a white kid belt
that passes through side straps, and a
blouse, cuffs and U^asers, and a white or
green tie is knotted at the base of the
collar.
Boys will enjoy learning to tie these
four-in-hands for, "themselves, and they
will succeed far better than anybody else.
Don't content yourself, with a bow which
Is not the correct thing, but have the
proper kind of knot while you are.
about it.
. The overcoats of the year are even
more stunning than the suits. They come
in great swishing chapes — Newmarkets
and Raglans and surtouts that reach
downward well toward the street and
catch the wind and flap like turkey buz
zards. They come in smart little box and
topcoat shapes that call for a walking
stick and a monocle to keep them com
pany.
The tan reefer box coat is a gem. Made
of covert cloth It is perfect. It slopes out-'
ward toward the bottom Into a Wlllteboy.
flare, and It3 lapels are wide and showy.
A tan velvet collar, six huge white pearl ,.
buttons, crescent-shaped pockets, 'with
THE elght-year-cld boy of to-day is
quite as heavy a swell as Ms
IS-year-old brother. Chappiehood
begins with the first trousers. The
embroidered waistcoat, the Raglan and
eurtout are fads for this year's small
boy. and perhaps he will develop a club
whereat to display them before another
season comes round. It is a precocious
ege.
The correct thing for his afternoon wear
Is as delicate a matter as If he were go-
Ing the round of afternoon function?.
What to wear in the evening is a ques
tion to give him nervous prostration. It
never does, though; he leaves that to
his mother, while he hurls little boy
oaths at it all. and wishes himself back
In the old kind of clothes that didn"t
have to be kept : way from mud and
•whitewash and sprinkling wagons.
It does him no good, however; the up
to-date mother crams him into a vestee
or engulfs him in a newmarket. and
there's an end to the matter. Perhaps
despite present discomfort, he may
think with satisfaction in his "Johnnie"'
days, "What a swagger chap I was even
then, to be sure."
Nothing in the way of a suit will rfiakc
him 50 ."tagger as the vestee. It is the
most obliging style; It is for sale In any
color and material that boys' suits can
be made of— blond and brunette, gay
and sober— every kind of boy can be sat
isfied.
One of the models is a navy blue serse
adorned wl'.h a blue velvet collar. The
vest of the suit Is the Important part of
it.
This vest :s cut exactly like anybody's
an<I when a bey is inside it you couldn't
tell him from his father except by the
length of the trousers. The vest of the
model suit is a plain blue cloth em
broidered in red polka dots. Sometimes
the vest matches the suit itself, but a
contrast Is smarter. The cut may be
either double or single breasted, and the
buttons may be as gay as one pleases.
Above the vest is a blue clotb shield
embroidered in a red anchor. This shield
is the best r.eck finish for a boy under
8. For his older brothers provide a styl
ish shirt and collar, as in the case of
the gay tweed suit.
This Is a light check, and its vest is a
red and tiack plaid. Two rows of red
buttons cscend It, the V of a red-striped
shirt front ;>er-ps above It, and a red four
in-hand is tied in the opening of the
turn-down collar. The finish is complete,
even to the dumbbell buttons that clinch
the red-striped cuffs. A red plaid golf
GarmcQts prom S. N. Wood & «j-
CorDparjy. *j*
PJjotos by AlisKy. £
Russian Dine is the color for both doth
and velvet collar, and the kid belt and
buttons are white. The collar Is wide,
turned down, open back and front. The
pockets are large. The opening is on the
shoulder. A cap Is more appropriate wlta
the reefer than any form of hat.
Kingpin of 1900 overcoats Is the Oxford
gray surtout with Its flowing skirjta. Its
wide pockets. Its smart black velvet col
lar. It has more than one advantage, for
It Is. warm as toast besides belxur sur
passingly stylish. Oxford gray Is the
color of the season, and the grown-up
fashionable cannot monopolise It.
In fact, there Is nothing In the way o£
garments that he can monopolize this sea
son. For the little boy's day is come, and
whether it be to bis Joy or his misery, ha
Is obliged to fall in line and be tailored to.
English Copy Oilc
Census Taking.
The triumph of the age Is the taking
of the census of 1900. The population is
now counted to the number of 60,000,000,
and Is still being canvassed at the rats
of 1.50O.C0O per day. A complete record
of every Individual In the United States
Is Inscribed on a card on file at the cen
sus department, and a stroke of a collat
ing machine records accurately the twen
ty-four facts known about each Individual
Inhabitant, as well as all the Important
collateral information. Director Merrlam
remains close to hia work, keeping la
touch with bis progress, and is enthusi
astic over the results. The'electrlo count-
Ing machines have even surpassed the pre
dictions of the Inventor, . Mr. Sholleway,
and each records 1200 names Instead of S00
per hour. Inquiries have been received
from the British Government concerning
the methods of taking the American cen
sus, because It Has never been able to
secure such comprehensive data, or even
as complete a count of population. In tea
years of continuous work as the Ameri
can system has secured in twelve months.
With twenty-four potential facts concern-
Ing each Individual accessible, the socio
logical and psychological problems of the
present time, growing out of the assimila
tion of large masses of foreigners with
the American people, become a fascinat
ing study. H&*§§!
With all these basic facts at hand, ac
curately classed and indispensable to a
complete understanding of actual condi
tions, the solution of vexed questions will
be more readily discerned and attained.
The census of 1900 will undoubtedly result
in the establishment of a permanent bu
reau, which will be an Invaluable auxil
iary to every department .of the Govern
ment, to which the possession of statis
tical facts la of vital importance.— B'rom
The National Magazine for October.
cap is the best kind of a top-off for ,tho
outfit. 1 ;;
Russian patterns are In again, and the
blue blouse #is one of its developments.
Other colors may be had— red and green
and browns but blue— Russian blue— 1«
the best of all, because the most appro
priate. Trim it with white, and you will
have a combination becoming to any
rosy-cheeked boy in San Francisco, and
all San Francisco boys are rosy cheeked,
of course. Three to ten are the ages for
which the Russian suit Is decreed suita
ble, so you may begin with it when the
first trousers are to be chosen.
These trousers are an easy bridge from
skirts to thorough-going masculinity.
They are knickerbockers, loose In cut,
gathered and turned under at the knees.
To* blouse reaches half way to the
-T'hlte shield finishes the neck. Rows of
fine white braid border the collar, and the
tic may be either blue or white, but in
any case must be full and of a soft silk.
Bailor costumes have not yet disappear
ed, and the chances are that they never
will. New forms are always developing,
though, and the latest is the Royal Sailor.
' most approved when made In checked va
lour.
One of these is a dark green :.nd
whlto check. The blouse Is long, the
sleeves are full and pleated into a cuff of
Bhirt-waist length. The sailor collar- Is
broad In the back and it curves on the
shoulder to the form of the arm-hole.
This leaves the collar narrower In front
than formerly.
A clever little novelty Is the arrange -
- ment of a dark green border stitched upon
the check and ornamented at the corners
with white stars. A white anchor adorns
the green shield. Green buttons ehin» on
These tan coats may be worn abrve
either light or dark trousers. A high
white collar, preferably a turn-ov«y,
Somewhat longer than the box coat is
the tei> coac that cornea for all ages un
der 15.- A tan herringbone weave Is the
be-it for this cut; be sure it Is finished
with velvet collar and small pearl buttons,
for finish stamps the garment's correct
ness.
The right kind of boy will wear a. pearl
Fedora With this. Derbies, too, are popu
lar "out less becoming. This is a point that
far tigger beys might remember to their
own f.<? vantage. The softer the hat the
less it endangers its wearer's good looks.
•taps, and many rows of stitching are the
ilttle distinctions that mark this coat as
the real thing.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
HOW TO DRESS THE
COMING YOUNG MAN
HARD LUCK OF A PRINCE'S SEVEN DAUGHTERS
HERE is a man with seven daugh
ters, each of whom, if she marry,
must marry a royal husband. .'All
are, or soon will be, of marriage
able age, and in all Europe there are not
enough royal husbands to go around/ As
a result sorrow fills the father's breast.
The man Is Archduke Frederick of Aus
tria, and the daughters are therefore!
Archduchesses by birth. To be an Arch
duchess is an honor not lightly consid
ered. When there are seven In one.fam
ily., the occasion should be one . for rejoic
ing. The man who sorrows because of
seven robust, pretty daughters seemingly
does not know, when he Is blessed.
Twenty/years ago the first little Duch
ess made her appearance. Her birth was
hailed with Joy and they called her Marie
Christine. She was followed by the Arch
duchess Henrietta, Mary Jane. Natalie,
Gabiielle, .Isabella and Alice.' . An em
harassment of girls with never a boy In
the lotl
Each girl r represented hope deferred.
Seven daughters and an estate of $50,000,
000, which must pass Into other hands
should there b« no son 1 Moreover, each
daughter; meant one .. more ; for ,; whom a
suitable marriage must be contracted.
Then there came one more : child— and
this a son! -¦¦(.'. • . . „ - -¦
There are -those who say that the Vien
na physician. Dr. Schenck, was called at
attend the • Duchess ': before t he birth of
her last child, and because of the doctor's
wonderful ' .'treatment the Archduke's
eighth child was a boy.
The famous physician was offered a
check . for $10,000, ; which \ he refused. : con
senting only to, take a modest fee in .ac
cordance with his own idea of hl3 ser
vices.
But although there Is now a son. the
little Archduke Frederick- Albert.;, there
remain the g'jven daughters. If they were
sons, or if half of i them were sons, the
old Archduke would be happy. As It is he-
Is consumed with worry. ¦
1 His "sorrow can 'scarcely be appreciated
by the liberty-loving -American. :: Seven
daughters, when there is plenty of money
to feed and clothe them and plenty of cas
tles in which to house them, might be re
garded as seven Joys. _ Nevertheless,- the
old Austrian • nobleman has - grave : mis
givings for^he fate of his girls.
But it is %bt .the. Archduke will
have to bear, the humiliation^ The ; young
Archduchesses ',wlll suffer more' than he.
Because' there' are not ' enough royal men
of suitable rank and age among the Cath
olic nation? these seven daughters of Aus- ;
tria's wealthiest Archduke will In all
probability .die old maids.
If they, do not die old maids It may be
because, they have .: formed -mesalliances
by contracting morganatic marriages.
The Archduke does not allow himself to
consider this possibility. He believes that
his troubles are sufficiently numerous al
ready. •
The oldest of these girls Is now 20. She
has arrived at- the age when, if she fol
lowed the custom of the family, she would
marry. :;,-• There is • no one of : suitable age
and : rank for her. • This ' embarrassment
has troubled her little. It is the father
who is worried. . He is wondering how he
can have his daughters properly married.
Presently — before he can catch his breath
almost — there will be another and yet an
other, ; and • the whole seven will., have
reached the marrying age. .
* The position of an Archduchess is one
of dignity. : Rarely, indeed, have members
of •: the : Hapsburg - family • formed mesal
liances. Yet there Is the possibility. -The
love s tor lea of the beautiful Stephanie
and her, maid of honor, the Countess Cho
teck. may influence the Archduke Freder
ick's : seven' daughters to break - through
the cruel laws which bind them. '-, . ¦-
Seven romances : are not l only ; possible,
but ¦ probable, v At * any rate . these charm-
Ing girls, who are now en joying the pleas
ures of childhood and girlhood, will be re
garded with | the greatest | Interest as one
by one they reach marriageable ages.Kven this tyring day,
Kven this serins Jay,
Kven this Kpring day.
Even on this spring. day
Which very delightful pltce of laziness
is ginn. not so muoh for. its literary merit
or poetic tfaut>. as tii show b<*W macl)
time il:<-> l.^ivc in Japan ant] how llbeial
iy it 5? t:s".'U.
This last is, of course, not a fair sample
of the chapter of little songs which have
tach of tn«.n:, as a rule, a new idea poet
ically turned, and wan enough novelty in
tht:n to Inspire a very respectable Look of
Wr-surn verse, when properly planted,
cultivated *nd matured in Evjme bright
mind of the Occident.
The last dlvis.cn fcl the bock is not so
particularly Jap«..,e^. tircipifiri tl:at U
deals with dr«-:th.:*. i:ighu.ia^ i. nocturnai
illusions, and has a s.idi. account of some
Interesting expel ier.ces ot iiie author wjth
that vciy new and comaig cu»i'; "iev;;a
tion." /.*'-.
'1 he lest sketch in the boci, "In a I'air
of hyts," K.aua -a s.m^.t expiir.tAice
which las oi.ee cr niotc i;iv*C«a/a lu
every living man, anu uuma... toj, p«r
haj.s. or it it nas not 1-ajJi.ci.^i. it its to
be imped thut u v»:.., lut-iciy. for ttie.r
sakes.
bo em's the took, but it will not end the
reading, for thtie are thicgj v.-rtii:h you
will go back ai.u icac over -Kit.n. oists »r
mere. ma> be. (VublMStl'eu uy Lit Me i
Brownie Co., Boston, trice ;2.>
' MuRUlsON i'lXLEY.
The Plcir; Miss Crcy.
The many admirers, of the wiltlnRs of
Miss Florence Warden will have liiHi
culty In recognizing her handiwork in her
latest work, "The Plain Mi=« Cray." Not
that the story is uninteresting, but the
interest i3 of an entirely different nature
from that arou?ed by her earlier works.
Her style a'nd methods also show nxuch
change. The scene In -the present novel
Is laid in Ireland and tho motif of the
plot as well as the characteristics of sev
eral of the actors therein btars a eoine
vrhat remarkable resemblance to the
novels cf "The Duches3 ' (the late Mrs.
Hungcrford). ¦
A house party Is crathored together in
"the wildest part of a wild Irish county. '
The characters who lirst appear upjn the
scone are two elderly ladles— one the
mother of the absent owner of the es
tate and the other a guest and the mother
of two daughter?, the younger of whom 1*
exceedingly pretty, while the elder fur
nishes the title for the story.
The other dramatis personae follow
each other in rapid succession— a ragged
and surly gardener, an old and disagree
able brother-in-law of the hostess; a Lon
don srociety man who has lately inherited
a large fortune; the "Lord of the Manor,"
with an unlooked for and unwelcome
bride; an impecunious Irish baranet whose
ancestors were king's In the good old days;
and, last of all, the villain, who Is a cold
blooded desperado and a fugitive from
Justice.
The curtain rings up, the play begins,
and the spectators will noon discover that
the plot, if not entirely new. Is sufficiently
Intricate to hold the Interest in It to the
end. One episode will be found especially
enjoyable— that wherein the hitherto
downtrodden suitor for the hand of. the
pretty daughter makes a flank movement
which effectually puts to rout his would
be mother-in-law. (Published by F. M.
Buckles & C.O., KewYork. Price $1 25.)
Trjc Mou§2 Boat on the St. Law-
re nee
Dr. Tomlinson began a series of excel-,
lencc in the way of. standard- books for
beys when he wrote "Camping on the St.
Lawrence" last year. He has now placed
the four friends and royal good fellows.
"Bob," "Ben," "Jock" and "Bert," In a
houseboat on the same noble river and
plven them Frontenac instead of Cartler
es the discoverer" who affords them In-,
spiration. Dr. Tomllnson's purpose has
been to record such experiences as a par
ty of four college friends might have had
(and. indeed, did have) In a summer spent
upon the beautiful and historic St. Law
rence. Dr. Tomlinson believes that young
people are naturally Interested In the his
torical records of tneir own land. Acting
upon such belief, he has endeavored to
interest his readers In some of the event
ful deeds of one of the leaders of men In
the New World In Its earlier days. The
story is bright and sparkling with fun,
the beauty of description unequaled and
the whole tone manly and helpful, and the
historical portions of It should be an In
centive to its readers to make further in
vestigations of their own and to read
pome of the noble' works of that great
historian Parkman. No better book could
be chosen by parents to place In their
boy»* hands. (Published by Lee & Shep
ard, Boston. ' Price $1 50.)
Myths and Fables of To-Day.,
In "Myths and. Fables of To-day"
Colonel Drake fthows how our- dally lives
are filled with eaylngs and doings that
have their origin in superstition, although
we may not realize it.. These origins he
traces In a most scholarly and entertain
ing manner, giving many Illustrations of
the power of superstition In common life
and drawing largely, from history. Tho
book, covering as It docs the-folk lore of
childhood, weather lore signs of all sorts,
charms to good luck, charms against dis
ease, fate in. Jewels, love and marriage.
evil omens, haunted h persons and
places, presentiments, the' divining rod,
fortune telling, astrology, palmistry, etc..
can scarcely fa'l to att'a'.t cacn cne along
the line of some pet hobby. Even th«s
most violent skeptics, too, will admit that
Colorel Drake has most ample reason for
making a book on this subject.' and that
he has made a most readable one. (Pub-
fields to the camps of Marion andTarleton
and finally to Yorktown, the scene of the
surrender. •
Tne book shows the author to.'b* a
thorough-, student of those times and a
very painstaking writer. (Published by
the Abbey Press. New_York.)
True to riirrjself.
"True to Himself'-' by Edward Strate
meyer. while; a complete story In itself,
forms the third 'volume Of the "Ship and
Shore, Series" tales of adventure on land
and sea, written for , both boys and girls.
In this story we are introduced to Roger
Strong, a typical American country, lad.
and his sister Kate, who, by an unhappy
combination of events, are thrown upon
their own resources and compelled to
make their own^way in the world.. Roger
tells his own story In a modest, manly
way that boys, and girls, both. will, be
charmed with, and that their parents will
admire equally. . With hia> father thrown
into prison on a serious charge Roger
finds that few people will have anything
to do with either himself or' his sister,
and the Jeers flung at him at times are
almost more than he ean bear. But he Is
"true to himself! In the best meaning of
that saying, rising . above those who
would pull him down. By a curious com
bination of circumstances he is thrown in
contact with those' who wronged his fa
ther, and after a perilous task . the evi
dence against the real forger is complete.
little light. It will be illustrated with
plans of Peking, of the legation Quartern
,and of the British legation.
The necessities of serial publication of
"In the Name of a Woman." which la now
running In one of Mr. Munsey's magd-
Tlr.es. have compelled postponement of it-t
appearance In book form until next Jan
uary, when It will be published simulta
neously In Great Britain and In America.
The American publishers of Mr. March
moat'8 "A Dash for a Throne" and "By
Stroke of Sword" announce that over 50.
000 copies of these two books have thus
far been sold.
.It Is Interesting to know that "NoH M»
Tangere." which is being puhUshed h»r»
by McClure. Phillips & Co.. under the tftla
of "An Kagle Fllsht" is the onl" novel In
any language that is widely mul in t&o
Philippines. There, however, the vo!ura»
Is a beloved classic. Dr. Rlzal. the au
thor. Is looked upon by the common peo
ple as a martyr to their cause and n^
Tagalog child grows up without hear!r«r
many times over the story of the hero
reformer. ' "
The elaborate "Universal History" la
course of. publication by th» Blbliograph
lsch« Institute at Lelpsle. Is to be pub
lished In -English 'In eight volumes by
Dodd, Mead & Co. In America, and by
Helncmann In London. The work is
under the direction of Professor Helmolt.
and some of the first historians of the day
are contributors to Us pages. ",
The English edition will hare an editor
ial Introduction on the jroneral Idea of
unlveryal history by the Right Hon. Prrv
fessor James Bryce. M. P. It will be Il
lustrated by colored and black and whit*
plates, and also by numerous maps. The
first volume will appear ahout the first
of the rear. »r>d the succeeding: seven at
quarterly Intervals.
Miss Sarah Orne Jewett's "The Tory
Lover." the opening chapters of wh!ch ap
pear In the Atlantic Monthly for Novem
ber, takes for its theme the fortunes o£
the. exiled Loyalists at the beginnlr.tr of
the American revolution. That portion
cf the pres-nt State of Maine which ha*
become Mfrs Jewett's country a* com
pletely as Mr. Hardy has made Wessex
his own dcrpatn. la r'ch In provincial
history. The fortunes of the exiled Loyal- \
1st* carry the scene of M!s* JewetUs
Ft'rrinj: romance to England and France,
hilt her portraits of Per>ianiin Franklin
prd John Paul Jmi" and other revolution
ary heroes, rndher r.arratlon of American
1 ravery m the hich sens. wOl delisrht the*
lover rf his cour.tr?-. «»» well as the thou
fnndi« of admirers cf MI««« Je-.vett's stead
ily rrrtrrine and beautifully veracious
art. "Thp Tory Lovr" w!ll b* a serial
feature of the Atlantic during the greater
portion of 1001. ".'
The Imnortant volumes on LittTe. Brown
& Co.'s fall list nre: "The Spiritual Sis
rificarce." bv Lilian Whitlnfr. author of
"The Beautiful" book«: "The Prob
lc-i of Asia." *»>- Captain A. T. Mahan:
"Falaioe, the Town of the Conqueror," by
Anna Bowman Dorid. author of "Threa
Normandy Inns": "The Pllprlm Shore,"
by TTdnrmrtd TT. Garxett. a companion vol
ume to his "Romance and Reality of tha
Purltnn Coast"; "ShadowiRC?," by Laf
eftdio Hearn: "In and Around the Grand
Canyn," by Georse TVTiarton James, -witn
one h'-:ndred Illustrations; "The Hidden
Servants." by Francesca Alexander, au
thor of "The Story of Ida": an illustrated
edition of "The Head of a Hundred In tho
Colony of Virginia. 1<5?2." by JTaud Wilder
Goodwin, author of "White Aprons"; two
Important biographfe**— "A Life of Fran
cis Parkman." by Charles Halrrht Farn
ham. and "James Martineau. a Study and
a Biography." by Rev. A. W. Jackson; a
new holiday edition of Helen Hunt Jack
pon's "Ramnna," Illustrated by Henry
Pandham; "Twelve Great Artists." by
"William Howe Po-wrnefl. art critic of th«
Boston Transcript: "Truth Dexter." a
novel, by Sidney McCall; "Th*> Rubalyat
of Omar K.tyyarr." FltzGerald's render
ings and those of K. H. Whinflelcl and
Justin Huntley McCarthy: '"Sigurd Eck
dal's Bride." by Richard Voss, translated
by Mary J. Safford; "The Judgment of
Peter- and Paul on Olympus," by Henryk
Elenkle-wicz. translated by Jeremiah Cur
tln; Edward Everett Hale's works, tha
final volumes: tho new edition of Al
phonse Daudet: "Chess Strategetlcs Il
lustrated." by Franklin K. Young, author
of the "Minor," "Major," and "Grand
Tactics of Chess"; "I Go Marketing." by
Henrietta Sowle ("Henriette"): a new
edition of "As It Is to Be." by Cora Linn
Daniels: "The "World's Discoverers," by .
William Henry Johnson, author of "Tho
King's Henchman"; and new revised edi
tions of "Power Through Repose," by An
nie Payson Call; "Old Landmarks and
Historic Personages of Boston," by Sam
uel Adams Drake; and "The Puritan In
England and New England."- by Ezra
Hoyt Bylngton. author of "The Puritan
as a Colonist and a Reformer."
.'¦•¦»¦ ' - ¦¦' : ¦ ¦ ; i%
The skillfully arranged ' plot leaves the
outcome uncertain to the very end. Pub
lished by Lee & Shepard, Boston. Price,
A New Magazine.
,The first number of the World's Work,
the new magazine issued by Doubleda>
& rage, -New York', is at hand. -Undej
the title '.'The March of Events" twenty,
four pages are devoted to an editorial
review of the Important happenings of the
month. "Among the World's Workera"
is a chapter given over to a report of the
most important events and tendencies lr
industry aud in the professions. Ther
there is a goodly number of signed article:
by writers of repute; many, of them beinj
of unusual interest. The illustrations
¦while not numerous, are all that car
be desired, v/hile the paper and press
work are of excellent quality. The ne-R
venture should prove a success from th<
start. . , l -:
? ', — —
¦Literary Notes.
Maurice Hewlett's next novel. "Rich
ard Yea and Nay," Is to be published ir
a few weeks by the: Macmlllan Company
The subject of the $tory will be the life
adventures, imprisonment and death o
Richard the -Lion Hearted. The charac
ter of the narrative; will, be somewhat 01
the lines of chanson- de gestc
_ The Abbey Press, publishers, of 114 Fiftl
avenue. New York; 'owing to Increase*
business, are moving Into new and mor
commodious offices-;-r6oms 23. 24. 23 ant
25 in the same building— which are belnj
specially arranged "<¦ and fitted up* for th
purpose. The new catalogue, in prepara
tion; of the. Abbey Press publications em
braces over one hundred titles.*, •
McClure's Magazine for November wll
. contain a vivid account of the siege of th'
.foreign legations In Peking, written as ;
diary by Katharine Mulllkin Lawry, on
of the besieged. It will relate in full raan:
ofthe soul-stlrrlng events that we a!
ready know and will make clear many In
cldenta upon which we have" fc.therto hai
BooKs Received.
OL.D FIRES AND PROF1TABIJJ CHOSTS-
A book of stories—By A. T. Qulller-Coueh (Q).
Charles Ecribner's Sons. New York. H 5».
TOMMY AND GRIZELr-By J. M. Barrla.
Charles Scrtbn«r'» Sons. K«w York. « 50.
THE BANDIT MOUSE AND OTHER TALKS
-Verse by W. A. Frisble: pictures tr Bart.
Rand. McNally A Co., New York. $1 S.
IS A QUIET VILLAGE-By S. BarUJ« OouM.
John Lane. New Tor*. « 80. _,.,.
T5CHAIKOWSKY—HH Utc and Works. Wltli
Extracts From His tVritlnES. and Dairy of Ills
Tour Abroad In ISSS-Ey Kcsa Newmarch. Joha
L«r.e. New York. » W. >.'^ ¦'. •' -
• IDYLS OF KL DORADO— By CharlM Keller.
Publlihed by A. M. Robertson. San Francisco.
$1 25.
THE SALT-BOX IIOUSC-By Jana d« Forest
Shelton. The Baker * Taylor Company. New
MAKING A LIFE— By Cortland Myers. Th«
Baker & Taylor Company. New York. Jl 23.
THE STOUT OF THE HDAVENS-By Sir
Robert Stawall Ball. LL.D. D.Sc. Lowdean
ProfMSOr of Astronomy In thr- tntverslty of
Cambridge. Cawell & C6.. Limited. New Tori.
"toe REAL DAVID HARUM-Bjr Arthur T.
Vance. The Baker & Taylor Co.. New Yorfc.
'"expansion under new world con
ditions— By Jo»i*h Stronj. Tha Baker A
Taylor* Company. New York. «. ,.".,
GOLD-SEEKING ON THE DALTON TRAIL
—By Arthur R. Thompson. Little, Brown A
Co., Boston. H CO.
JAME3 MARTINEAU. a Study and a Biog
raphy— By Rev. A. W. Jackson. Little. Brown
* Co.. Boston. %r
¦ THE HEAD OF A HUNDRED IN TUB
COLONS OF VntGIJJIA, l(2Z-By Maud Wilder
Goodwin. Little. Brown & Co.. Beaton. $1 50.
MACAUUfS ESSAY ON WARREN IIAST
""j^Qg Edited with introduction and notes by
Margaret J. Frick. The Macmlllan Company,
New Tork. 23 cents.
SHORT-STORY WRITING—By Charles Ray
mond Barrett. Pn.B. The Baker & Taylor
Company. New York. $1.
RAMONA— By Helen,Hunt Jackson.* LJt::«.
Brown & Co.. Boston. 2 vols. medium Svo.
cloth wrappers, cloth box. J«; three-iuarter*
crushed Levant, gilt top. $12; edition de luxe,
half morocco. $15.
THE ADVENTURES OF JOEL:FEPPER-
By Margaret Sidney. Lothrop Publishing Cora-
Dany. Boston. Jl SO. . 4
¦ IN DEFENSE OF THE FLAG—By Elbridg*
S. Brooks. Lothrop Publishing Company. Bos
l°DR 'NORTH AND HIS KRIENDS-By 8.
. Weir Mitchell. M.D. TUe Century Company.
New York. Jl 6ft.
' nv t-o.'i- rill n-ovo invaluably to the
teacher with hi{;h yml t ons hut limited
mean:-, ns the simplest un.l most inex
1 ' . ¦ . * - "
"The . work in the elementary grades
should be with objects nnd experiments
treated simply a?« phenomena. These fur
nish the material for exerclsf-s in accurate
srelng and clear thinking. The phases of
the phenomena, should be within -the
child's Interests, and powers. • • • , We
shall fail if we do not keep within the
limits of the' child's interests. We shall
fail if we.doTnot make u^e of that In
nature which has real significance. The
teacher KhouM have a loving sympathy
with the child and at the same time a
clear knowledge of.the little bit of nature
he makes use of In his work. He must
attempt to understand the child's nature,
Its demands and its rights, and- seek, to
meet . those demands and respect the
right?."
A question from the Introduction will
give an idea of the purpose^of the book,
"Lessons In Nature Study," by Oliver
P. Jenkins' ami Vernon-L. Kellogg, is a
book for. teachers that will fill a long
felt want. '-, As people are becoming-'more
and more convinced that nature study
should form a part of the school course
the'qupstlons arisf: How shall we 'begin?
What shall we 'begin v.-ith?
bound very prettily with a „ pale-green
cover. (Published' by Laird ' & Lee, .Chi
cago. Price, II 25.) .-'
, Lessons in Nature Study. '
Boy Dooald
Penn Shirley's book. "P-iy 'PdnVdjJg \.i
complete In Itself,- y<?t (.ontlnues tho story
of the "Happy Six." Little Miss . Weczy
'ine heroine takes an active part In
leading the people to cut down the
young; tobacco plants and the hero, to
protect her and her family, also' Joins in
the conspiracy to, keep from sending to
bacco to England. He Is wouri<J«d ir«
the fight which occurs, and Is taken co
Jail. During his Imprisonment his brother
arrives from England with papers which
clear him from the crime of. theft. His
punishment for taking part In the to
bacco cutting Is to sit in stocks. There,
to protect Mm in -his shaiiie. his brother
comes, and also the lovely Mary Claveri
dish, ' who openly ileslaros lier love for
him. So he gains h!a Just 'reward after
all his vicissitudes.. (Published by Dou
bleday. Page & Co.. New York, j Price,
$1 EO.) . ..::
Some of. the evil Influences of slavery
are strongly depicted. And there is- a
typical racing, eard-playlng, drunken
English parson of the seventeenth cen
tury.
of the theft" of- a, ring, for which he
was^transported. Circumstantial evidence
makes i a case against Catherine
Clavendlsh, elder sister of Mary, and, to
shield her, he takes the crime upon him
self because of h!s love for the younger
sister. ¦¦ V '¦';
A Child of Light.
lished by Lee & .Jhepard. Boston. Price
Jl 50.)
All students of heredity and prenatal
Influence will find much food for thought
In a book which has recently appeared
whose author Is the well-known lecturer
on heredity, psychology, psychic phenome
na, brain building and soul growth—Nev.'
ton N. Riddell.
Mr. Riddo'l has made a personal study
of the heredity and psychology of some
thirty-five thousand persons— criminal and
depraved as well as men of genius— and
has been a favorite lecturer for many
year? at the summer Chautauqua- assem
blies. In addition, he gives at the begin
ning of ihe present volume a formidable
list of authorities consulted which should
show that he has been a close student of
his subject through the eyes and thoughts
of others, as well as by his own personal
observation. The liook Is written in a pop
ular style and is intended as a practical
treatise within the comprehension of all.
He says:
"I have endeavored to reduce the known
facts and laws, of reproduction to a defi
nite science and present them in a non
technical, concise form, hoping thereby to
enable thoughtful parents to apply these
laws to the lmorovement of their off
spring."
In "A Child of Light" Mr. RirldPll treats
from a psychological, sociological and
THE SUNDAY C AI/L.
pensive apparatus la described. (Pub
lished bi' tne»\V')»ltaker&; Ray Company,
San Francisco., Price. ?1.) .
The Cross' or the Pound— Wljfch?
When the heathen In his blindness bows
down, etc.. he isn't half as blind as he
may seem. Xot'so blind either as some
of his critics. One of them,. Major Pang
born, shows up some of these points in a
new light. He looks at the Hindoos with
understanding instead of prejudice and
tells :you what he sees, irrespective of
whose feelings may bo hurt. ¦
Strange, but- it seems as though It i»
only within the, last decade that most of
us have commenced " to realize that we
whites are not the only,' human beings on
the faco of, the earth, n.nd that because a
man does not speak our language, or we
do not /.understand his; he is not neces
sarily a* brute. , ' - ' : - •
While Major Tangborn's book deals only
with Hindoos, it shows 'us that in trying
to understand- other races we must not
begin with the idea, "How- funny every
body Is except us."
The chapter on idols gives new Ideas as
to supposed Image-worship In' general. ¦¦: •
The whole book Is rather a collection of
interesting; chat* than painstaRing history
or. description;* but being ao it. Is more
easily read in a careless way. ("The Cross
or the Pound— Which ?'-' /American News
Company. « Paper, 50 cents.) :
fl}Cchtiner)tal Cavalier.
VMr. Scr1bner,.the author. of. several his
torical romances, has added: another novel
to ' the? Hat ; of stories of re\«lutlonary
times which have been so popular of late
years.-; ; • .^,.. V-* ,,-..'; .-. ... ' ,. ;
..The adventures of M. de Marc, a cheva
lier of France, are very, interestingly, told.
He Is* sent * on? a mission to ; America 'by
hls'Klns.iand; arrives i at. Tappan.f where-
Washington and' Lafayette are 'quartec
•edpln''timo to witness the death > of 'the
unfortunate >' Andre— that > brave •' soldier
who - met i death i like . the ' hero ¦ he " was. •
That scene In : history always «tlrs men's
souls' and .'i thd *r author -¦¦ has i pictured it
vividly: ' ; .:>:¦••>: " , : ¦'¦¦¦ -•• ' : : '¦'¦¦ ' ¦¦
: The • chevalier ; falls - In • love and takes
up ¦ arms ¦• inibebiilf ; of I the heroine.' ': The
rtaderr.IoUows blm from the southern
and Master Donald Rt«wc have much !o
say and a wise parrot occasionally puts
in a word. While, a frisky monkey tries to
keep things lively. The story Is laid In
Southern Callforna. where the six chil
dren meet v/ith many Interesting adven
tures. A handsome Mexican boy playa an
Important part . in the book; .and .it con
tains a little mystery, satisfactorily ex
plained in the closing chapter. We may
add that, though aiming to entertain, tho
tale Inculcates a valuable but not too ob-
Vlqus moral. AllchlUlren, and older. ones,
too, who read this will be anxious to see
the volumes neeessarv to make a set.
which may be hoped for In due time.
(Published by Lee ' & Shepard, Boston.
Price 75 cents. ¦ .
Betv/eer/'Boer and Briton
I Kdward Stratemeyer's book. "Between
Boer and Briton." relates the experienced
of two boys, cousins to each other, one
American and the other English, whose
fathers are engaged. In t:ie Transvaal; one
In farming and the other in mining oper
ations. The scene opens in Texas on a
cattle ranch,- whence It Is transfer
red to South Africa, where the' cousin's
meet. "While the two boys are oft on a
hunting trip after big game'the war be
tween the Boers and Britons suddenly
breaks out and -while endeavoring to ro-
Joln : their parents : the boys ' find them
selves placed between hostile armies, and
their thrilling experiences are brought out
in Mr. Stratemeyer's best, style.
The operations of both armies are given
from the commencement cf the war. to the
fall of Pretoria,. Including a rapid skelcn
of the history \ of South Africa ; from : ; its
settlement ; by ; the Dutch I to ; the present
tlme^all glven.in a manner, to please boya
-without being, tedious. . Great care ha&
been given ;. to the geographical, and his
torical, setting. (Published _ by. Lee &
Shepard, .BoBtonN Price, Jl 25). ' : ¦'
_ The;heart of;hctta.
: Effle Adelaide . Rowlands/, the author of
"The Heart.: of ; Hetta." 1 Is an, Kngllsh
woman and the scene of [ this story, is I In
England at the present L time. -Her,char
acters are" well drawn and her story. well
handled. Tho Interest ¦ never i lags.-' It"* ia
Illustrated by ; Mr. ¦ Braunbold and Is
ethical point of view the following sub
jects: The freedom of thp will: the moral
responsibility of criminals: the laws of
reproduction;- _ the transmission of. ac
quired characters; the combination of
races and nationalities; the blending' of
family traits; the results of dual parent
age: the influence of sex;the lav/ of atav
ism; the habits of parents, their physical
and mental preparation for parenthood;
the law and influence of prenatal culture;
the power of initial Impressions; the forco
of maternal impressions; the cause and
prevention of physical, mental and moral
abnormalities, birth marks, etc.; the
causes of and Increase of the abnormal
man; heredity. Insanity and imbecility:
heredity, homicide iind suicide; heredity
and commercialism;, heredity, Intemper
ance and vlcr; heredity, and .the double
standard; marital rights, personal purity,
character building and. soul growth. (Pub
lished by Child of .Light Publishing Com
pany, Chicago. Price, $2.)
The Heart's highway.
In "The Heart's Highway" Mary E.
Wilkins has left her cold Northern scenes
and hard Northern characters for the
bright, warm South and. the more pas
sionate Southern nature."
This Is. her, first historical novel, and
It will be welcomed heartily, for Miss
Wilkins ha3 become popular as the author
of clever magazine .stories and of "Pem
broke," etc. ;
"The Heart's Highway" Is written In
the popular colonial style, with the scenes
laid about,: historical old. Jamestown, in
the year 1CS2. :
The dramatic incident of N the novel \t
the destruction of the tobacco , crop -to
elude the 'navigation ' acts of Charles ¦ II. . ;
The hero, . Harry Wingfield,\ is an ex
convlct, but - of fine family, and Is trans
ported to the colonies. He is. tutor "In
the family of the heroine, Mary Claven
dlslv who ' is charmingly described In the
first pages as wearing a /'tabby petticoat
of crimson color and «' crimson :¦ satin
bodice shining over her arms and should
ers like the slumage of a-blrd, and down
her back streamed her, curls, shining like
gold :under her gauze love hood." The
convict tutor : la ' treated 'as a member -of
the i anally, £or he In poi In. reality guilty
J? AFCADIO HEARN'E "Shadowinss"
]"\ are of comiRR events that will cross
jl j the stage where the TvorJe. play
goes on.
The mysterious East Is again, after
fourteen hundred years of r-'iie*cence.
pince the tine of Mahomet, stlrrlr.g it*
ferrne::t Into the human brew, causing it
to hum like a. cask of new wine when the
vines are In Mcom again.
Already Asian Influence Is beginning to
permeate nr.d at the same tirao refine our
arts. International diplomacy is not by
choice but of necessity adapting itself to
the subtle refinements used by Its mas
ter practitioner* of the yellow race. Aud
now that we are throwir.E' down the bar
riers, manufactures and commerce will b«
compelled to follow in the kttnt of art
art! politics unless we win in tne contest
and impress our own methods on the slue
pish thousand millions of people, which
will be a ta?k to keep civilization busy for
peneratlone.
Ae 1t If. every rellclcn of the Western
world— Christian. Jewish and Mohamme
dan—is of Asiatic origin, and r.ow the
Buddhist principles are worklrr their way
emonr U3. With this much accomplished
the coming: of Oriental literary and phil
osophical supremacy Is plainly forecast
by the avidity with which we devour «uch
| bits of them as have been dug out by
Arnold. KJplir.K, Hearn and the many
other less known but not less industrious
¦writers who are struggling with the con
gested wisdom wrtich Cathay has been ac
creting throuKh the centuries.
The pleasantest reading of all fir
Caucasians Is of the kind which Mr.
Hearn sorts out from the graceful
Frenchy Ftories of Japane6? lict'on.
ETv*»n the fly leaves are fntercytinj c n
"ShaflovdnRs:."
Ir.terrstir.g for the reason that the bemk
wli! make you think thoughts, and
takiner that liberty vrnfeh ore dcrs> with
a really gcofl bock. -xrite them on the
numerous inner title pages and blank
lesvr^ with which artistic binders dr«v<*
their work.
"Shadowlnrs" Is a set of three ecl'ec
tlqns of fantasies from the hitherto un
known treasures of ancient literary
Japan.
Th~ first Is of 5=hort stories of the weird,
which are yot f;:ggcs>tlvc of the pcj=s'.b!U
[ ties 'that lurk in the ur.fathomed depths
of o'jr minds, and much lot the beauty of
the entire tvork is that it has so many
eutEeftionF which direct one in th»* way
of introspective researches. Ytt withal
it is not philosophical apparently', hut a
crry'.ete strin«j cf charmiiiR i.iles full
of Incidents to be remembered.
From the dedication, which is the only
jrr?face, one infers that the volume Is
published partly ' n answer to a request
from a friend for "a few more queer
etories from the Japanese." Of the s'.x
short t ran slat ion.< in the first collection,
called "Stories frum Strange Ko«>ks." four
of them are equal to any of the Oreek
myths and will take their place in dema
theiFra of tho Ka*t when it comes to be
finally completed, if ever. The first of
Cbese, "The Reconciliation." tells of a
man v.-h-j divorced a loving wife in that
easy and reasonless v.ny, which is thv;
strangest part of Japanese social cus
tom. He marries again only to find that
1t was a. true love which he cast away,
ar.d for years he lives through the tor
tures of pelf-condemnation and enforced
delay, waiting the time when he can re
turn and ma'-te amends. The reconcilia
tion takes place in the house where they
had lived so happily. The wife is there
In the midst of the wrecked and molder
ing habitaiiun. dreary with the ruin of
years. She welcomes him and playfully
stops his self-chiding. Happily they pass
the night recalling the old days, planning
the new. and when the morning light
comes he find* but the duet of the years
covering a mass of rags and bones and
hair, all that was left of the beautiful
girl who had died for her grief.
A legend of the "Fugcn-Bosatu" takes
liberties with a Buddhist god which would
shiver any one but a so-called heathen,
fcr tlie deity appears In the guise of a
yujo to all except the devout priest, who
pee« not a woman of the town, but. a eo*l-
Merely because he had faith.
There is a moral in it. though, and a
lesson to be pondered, unless you prefer
Jr.stea.d <;f pondering to go on and read the
ftory of "'The Screen Maiden," which is
one of the very numerous Eastern legends
of the rlass from which "Pygmalion and
Galatea" wa* drawn. The screen maiden
was eo beautifully painted on her silken
background that an ardent youth fell in
love with her &ud by the very strength of
hie devotion brought her to life, and the
Incarnated picture promises to be his not
only lor life, which is as far as our lim
ited religion permits us to belong to each
other, but for rlx more existences after
ward — only with this limitation, the pict
ure girl tells him that if he is ever cross
to her she will at otiee t-tep back into the
screen. Not a bad idea if it could be put
in practice, eltaer.
.'The Sympathy of Benten" is one of the
rrctticst conceptions in the book. It Is
the =tory cf a young man who falls in love
with the writer of some beautifully in
scribed vtxpes. She appears to him
through the miriFtrations of the Goddess
IJentcn. who has nothing to do but attend
to the yearnings of lovers. They live Ijap
pfly together without further assistance
until one day the young man finds that It
is only the soul of his wife which he has
known, and he is introduced by his father
in-law to the true woman, with much in
crease of happiness presumably.
A ghastly, gTewsome, gobllnish thing Is
"The Corpse Rider"— worse than a lone
tome night In a busy raorguc.
"Tlie Gratitude of the Sarr.eblto" is
b.i£fd on some doctrines of Japanese the
osopb/ and appears to explain how It is
Ly tea*on of p%st experiences In former
existence* that sudden acquaintance often
results in love at first eight.
Under the head of "Japanese StudleV
Is an interesting co^.ectlon of Japanese
poetry and female names, which are each
Hi tie poems in themselves.
As an introduction to the poems Mr.
Heajn tells of a curious garment present
ed him by one of his college students,
when wearing which he is literally clothed
in poetry.'
•This New Year's morning I find upon
my table two .most welcome "gifts from a
young poet of my literary class. One Is a
roll of cloth for a new kimono— cloth 'such
as my Western reader never saw. The
brown warp is cotton thread, but the. woof
Is eoft white paper, string, irregularly
epeckled with black. When closely exam
ined the black specklings prove to be Chi
nese and Japanese characters, for the
paper woof is made out of the manuscript
of poems, which has been deftly twisted
into fine cord with the written surface
outward. The general effect of the black,
v.-hitc and brown in the mixture Ik a warm
mouse-gray. In many Izumu homes a elm- j
liar kind, of cloth is manufactured for
family use. but this piece was woven
c*p?c:aIJy for me by the mother of my.
pnpll. It will mane a most comfortable
winter robe, and when wearing It I shall
be literally clothed with poetry, even as
t divinity might be clothed with the sun."
The other gift was a coll?ctlon of rare
ol-J Japanese poems cathered from me
cilevnl dramas and reruarkablo for the It
eration of their refrains, which, at first
0 W3aBS9MlBlGS9M»
tiresome, becomes after one Is used 'to It
Infinitely restful and pleasing, as this:
Oft the Cape of Isora.
Even the fisherman catching tai.
Even the flenerman catching tai?
••¦-., . ...:¦¦ ¦ , .• ..-..--- ; • ' •-•/ ¦•'""".- ,'¦"¦.¦¦¦.
Work? for the sake of the woman bfloved.
Kven the fisherman catching tai.
Even the fisherman catching tai.
You must say It over a dozen times op
so before it Is appreciated.
But this Is even more persistently recur
rent with Its one Idea: and it's true to
nature, too— that Is, to Japanese feminine
nature.
A«e maid wo >
CTaceda. nl yarite y» '
Po omou to.
KaQiXBO Spzus ite.
Harubl sura,
Ilarutii Mini.
Harubl eura,
Harubl sura,
Ilarubi sura.
My darling; boy
They have sent him to Hie rice field*.
When I think about him.
When I think.
• 'When I think.
When I think.
When 1 think.
When I think about him.
1 do nmlilne at all.
Even on this sprlnc day.
12
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT{ On no account should a Halloween party
,cver break up before 12 o'clock, tor it is
'at that witching hour of all In the year
that queer occurrences are moet likely to.
! Apple roasting Is rare fun, both in be
'half-of the feast that follows and .tho
'frolic before the roast. Each apple la
(turned ceven times around on the palm of
'the hand, while a wish is silently uttered
'for the friend for whom It Is named. If
the apple roast3 evenly to the core with
out scorching,, and the number, of seeds
(is seven or »-nn be divided by seven, noth
ing could b* more favorable for the f u-
Iture.^ If the core is lumpy or worm eaten
(the fairy folk predict disappointment. If
(an apple bursts its skin an4 the jnice over
flows fame and fortune are at hand. If
lit fails to cook at all . ot - upon ¦ one side
only there'll be . no wedding trzrdl after
'next Halloween. Any conditions not hers
named may.be referred to the fairy god-
Imother, who, IX clever in foretelling, may
."¦.¦••-.. - . •
tii<9 pumpkin, should to ear3 of com, ap
ples, oranges and nuts.
The favors are Jack-o'-lanterns* pointed
on water color paper, and then cut mi U
A different expression is given to each
face and the name written across tn«
'bottom.
At each plate is a bright red appta. ta
which stands a small lighted candle, held
in place by the tiny fastenings used
when placing candles on a cake. Chlcteen
-salad is served in scooped out apples*
each one standing on a little paper dofr/.
With the salad are the triangalar-sftapea
sandwiches, olives and elder.
After this ccme lemon jelly, having tn
it slices of oranges and grapes, Mlet
-covered with whipped cream, with the*
Jelly is passed the fuck cake, a large Iced
pound cake, having a row of glided wish
bones, one for' each guest, standing
.around the edge. In the cake have been,
placed, before baking, a ring, a thtmbfo
and a piece of silver, signifying to lucky
finders of e&eh a wedding, a single Ufa
or great riches.
"When the plates have- been removed
nuts, raisins and motto papers are passed,
and the guests sit telling stories and
breaking wishbones until the candles a?«
well burned down and it Is time to xa*Xa
,. the last - wish, when, •. holding the tiny
name at arms length, each . ona tries to
extinguish his or bers at one blow, da*
the dream, may. become a reality.
the water ¦well covered -with good-sized
apples having very short stems. These
are to be picked out by the teeth and
each person present must secure an apple
in that manner before being qualified to
take part in the performances of the
evening.
In every circle of friends there is al
ways one at least with a home built on
the old-fashioned plan as far as big rooms
and fireplaces go. In such a house
Halloween frolics should be held and the
closer the dressing of the guests ap
proaches to that of the old-time "neigh
bors," who dropped In at the farmhouse
of an evening, the more of a success the
party will be.
In order to take the "new" off any
people who feel themselves under con
straint, it is usual to have a candy pull
In the early part of the evening to provide
sweets for those who care to eat them,
but more for the purpose of getting ac
quainted and establishing a general ac
cord without which even the best lal-1
plans of host and guest must all fall flat.
An old country cerem.ony for divining
future fate of a couple was for them to
go together to the cabbage garden, both
blindfolded, and pull the first cabbage
stalk that came in their way; its being
big or little, straight or crooked, was
prophetic of the size or form of the future
husband or wife of the one pulling it.
Divining by water was another. Let
three small dishes be placed before the
blindfolded interrogator of fate. In one
put pepper-sauce, in another vinegar ami
in the third eau sucre. The blindfolded
person then puts out his hand after tho
plates have been shuffled and dips a linger
Into one of them. The taste of the. linger
will Indicate what manner of disposition
will belong to the life companion whom
fate Is going to award.
Melons belong especially to this festival
evening, both as a contribution to the
menu and as a means of interpreting the
future. A melon Is cut Into seven pieces,
and a spoonful of seeds is served with
each piece. The seeds are then spread
upon the plate and taken before the god
mother, ¦who, with her wand, counts them
out,, repeating the following lines;
"One will be wealthy, two will be healthy
Three will seek fortune and fame,
Four will grow stingy, five will look dlngj
Six will secure a good name.
But seven elves a lover that's true."
This Incantation goes on until the flna\
number has been reached, and that set
tles the fortune of the one to whom the
melon .belongs.
While palmistry is not really a part of
the original Halloween games it has
come to take an important place among
them and if there are any present. who
have a sufficient understanding of It to
make Interesting readings from the palms
they will 'find their time occupied from
beginning to end. To make the affair
more- mysterious *and .at the same time
truly test the power . of the reader, a
heavy pair of portieres should be so hung
that the hand, to be read may be passed
through between ¦without the palmist see
ing the person to -whomvit belongs. ¦ It
will be well for him to explain, though,
that he Is under the influence of one ; of
the spirits of the evening, so that, if any
of his forecasts' are not acceptable the
blame shall not lie upon him.
There is one performance of Halloween
which is often practiced by the people of
the fishing villages on the British coasts.
It is to catch a - llsh at any time after
dark on Halloween and cook and. eat it
the first thing after, midnight.; - This is
said to assure every. "one who tastes of
the fish of all sorts of good luck for. the
entire year 'following. " '¦''•'•'
It is well to PURgest that all guests
come attired in sheet and pillow-case cos
tume Just as for a sheet and pillow-caso
party. This much enhances the ghostry
effects starts. things in the right di
rection. A small "Japanese paper lantern
with sand placed in , the bottom around
the candle and slung upon a short wand
of light wood or bamboo should be given,
to each person to carry, upon arrival. The
combination of these lights with the weird
sameness of the white costumes will make
a scene that will not be soon . forgotten,
and add greatly to • the success of thi
evening, which is usually ; one , that willj
live in the memory of every participant. .
The Pitches, the devil and all of his fiock.
On Halloween scamper about
From six at night till the crowing cock
Puts the goblin rabble v» rout.
T7 F you do not believe in ghosts you must
not read this; It Is only for people who
ii d°
" Halloween Is the ghosts* holiday, the
one night when they have leave to wan
der through our fancies.
Times have been more humfirim since
the shadow people have been banished
from our life by the smatterings of «cl
«:ee which are just enough to make ur
unbelievers, and now we have to travel so
far away in search of adventure that It
loses its charm in the seeking.
Time was. not so very long aero, ¦when
respectable citizens could go out any dark
night and within three squares of the!r
home see enough "things" to stock the
chamber of horrors in a museum. Now
we travel around the world with no more
change of sensation than you may get for
10 cents on a motcr car and ferry-boat
trip.
The night of the Slst of October will
give a chance to welcome back the ghosts
that send the chills creeping over us, but
there must be proper incantations per
formed to give them welcome: for ghosts
are ceremonious and do not appear nor
even manifest their presence if they are
extended only the ordinary "come In" of
welcome, which suffices in bidding a mor
tal to enter.
Here are some of the ways In which
they may be brought to appear.
If a young lady will go alone to a dark
room, carrying a dim taper, and there eat
an apple while she sits before a mirror
brushing her hair, and glancing over her
left shoulder at short Intervals; before the
last tangle is unraveled the face of her
future spouse will have been seen.
More sure than this, if not too fearsome
fand who would be afraid when so much
5s at stake), is for a maid to go all alone
to a well or 6pring. or If none Is conve
nient then to the nearest pond or river,
and bending over the bank to repeat the
following lines:
Fairies, in this mystic place
Show isy future true love's face.
6o that when we meet, perchance.
1 ehali know hlrn at a glance.
(This to b« three time* repeated.)
For the success of this charm it Is ab
solutely neceseary that the young lady
ehould go unattended and that she may
safely do. for the fairies will protect her
from all harm until she returns.
Other charms which may be tried with
out going out alone are more numerous.
One of them Is to suspend a hoop horizon
tally by a stout cord from the ceiling:.
To this are tied short bits of thread,,
pieces of candies, bread, red pepper and
candle ends. Start the hoop whirling
arourd sideways, grasp at the objects
with your teeth and the taste of the first
bite will give you knowledge of what
your future married life will be or wnat
the future has in store for you If already
married.
What should properly be made the firat
entertainment of the evening is "the nut
tree." Any kird of a. tree will serve,
though a real nut tree Is better. Xuts of
all kinds in good quantity should bt
loosely fastened on the branches. All of
the young ladies present then gather un
der the tree and it is shaken vigorously
to cause the r.uts Xo fall. The girl wlio
catches the most Is declared fairy god.^
mother of the evening. If it is not con
venient to arrange the nut tree the nuts
may be tossed in the air by hand i dozen
at a time and scrambled for.
To tell fortunes bv nuts two of , them
are placed together or a fire shoyel and
placed over tho coals; the name of a boy
is given to one and a Rlrl's name is given
to the other. As thev burn cuietly to
gether or pop and Jump away from each
o:her bo will be the oourtshlp of tho two
for wbcm they are ncmed.
Apples are a very important part of
Halloween. They should be large and
rosy, for the red apple is symbolic of love.
Cider made from apples is the proper
drink fcr the evening. It should be sweet
and in unlimited quantity, as no harm can .
result from the drinking If it Is fresh
made. Apples suspended from strings so
as to siring about freely may be bitten at
by the young gentlemen present and for
each bite of apple which they can secure
without using their hand by grabbing
with their teeth alone, they are entitled
to claim a kiss from any young lady ,
whom they manage to catch while still
holding the bit of apple in the mouth.
A tub full of water should also be placed
in tho middle of th« floor and the top of
Party.
' j?NT*ORMAL Invitations may b* seat f
II a dozen friends, the not* paper havtBV
U in one corner a pen and Ink sketch of
a witch riding on a broomstick. Much
pains should be taken with th» decora-
tlons of the house, that they may be ef
fective and appropriate to the occasion.
Cornstalks tied to tho banister should
completely hide the stairs; a screen stand-
ing In front of the dining-room door
should also be covered -with cornstalks, a
heavy cord at the top and bottom hold
ing them securely.
Yellow ears of corn, with husks tnrnad
back and tied at equal distance* to heavy
twine, form a fringe which Is to b« fes-
tooned over windows and In doorways.
The only light used must b« that which
comes from the grinning races of a doaea
Jack-o'-lanterns, some placed on the>
chandeliers, over the gas, while other*
with candles may be placed oa mantles
and tables. In tho hall should stand a
tub of water In which Coat rosy apples.
temptingly inviting th« guests to "bob. 1 *
for them; other apples being placed car
tables with fruit knives Invitingly near,
that one may take off a long peeling-,
swing it three times around the head*
then throw It to Bse whoa* Initial It will
form.
In front of the op«n fire may be ser*r»l
large Iron spoons In which Is to be melted
the lead that, when thrown Into cold
water, . assumes various shapes, fxorj
which the events of coming day* may b«
foretold.
In the dining-room the same decoration*
as these of the hall and parlor should
prevail, while a huga Jadc-o'-lintera
stands In the center of the table, with «.
beaming face turned toward each end of
the table. On the table, radiating frecfe
add a deal of spie* to the oocasloo.
Eating a green apple late at night tS
warranted to be followed by sure-to-coxa**
true dreams.
An old Scotch sport for this evening la
bannock frying. A lass mixes the bsu
ter, and, according to her Ukir.j? for th»
lad that is to fry it. she makes It thick.
or thin. If it Is too' thin, he cannot try
It without breaking, but If he cun torn
It successfully he may hop© to win the»
girl.
The lad wsV> takes a haze! wood branch
in his te^th and starts out blindfold Is
sure to wander to the lattice of his true
love and his voice -will be pitted wtth, m.
wonderfully entrancing melody.
A good finish for the evening: la to pat
out all of the lights when tho fins has
burned low. then bring In a large dish at
dry salt, pour a pint or so of alcohol ov«r
It.- light It. and In the sickly, ghastly
light which is given out. have the most
romantic person present tell ghost storltt
until all are afraid to go to bed.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
HOW TO CELEBRATE HALLOWEEN
13¦ .Then : , alone Hermann dragged onward.
Again the sun burled Itself In 'the distant
sands, again It left the flaming' red glow
along the horizon against the sky,' and It
¦; Kneeling beside: his friend he raised bis
«iead and 1 fixed*; a • pillow j of ; sand, ; then
¦hading" Hanns,'s eyet from the slant rays
. of the" suri^ by. an : arrangement of his" hat, ;
he bent close and with great effort whis
pered * thickly. '
; "Keep] courage, old man— I will coma
back for-you. Stay with It— as long aa you
can— and lie quiet. Good-by." .
"It's no use, , Hermann, I can't aro on—
jroo'lltbave to 5 leave me."* The ' words
came thick and almost unintelligible. Her
mann stooped toward him to help and en
courage, ' but \ himself . • staggered to the
ground f and unable i":- :to frame th©
words he tried [ to speak/ /
Hanna was smaller of stature than Her
mann and had eaten little the day before.
He grew dizzy arid faint, arid a great
white curtain seemed to be rising and fall
ing ' before ¦ him. . ' His limbs , trembled and
sank from under him. With the assist
ance of Hermann he struggled to his feet
again and again, and fought against the
blindness and the whirl in his brain. But
at last he fell.
Occasionally their feeble senses were
alarmed by the sharp rattle of an angry
snake, and half alive to the danger of the
deadly reptile they would stagger to one
side and struggle Onward. .
As they dragged their steps through th*
Bands, they,? measured their, pitiable pro
gress by the bunches of gray sagebrush
that now. and then broke the monotony of
the - desert ) plain. ,; Now:' and than they
twisted ' off , the bitter > twigs ;jot ; . the brush
arid chewed themr staggering onwsxd with
eyes strained toward the north. * But there
was no break in the plain.
.As their shadows ; grew lonr and , slant,
Hanna : began \ to stagger, : and Hermann
silently took his arm as they struggled on
together.
In the middle : of ; the day ther . saw a
mirage, but ' they,: knew, • and were: ¦ da^
prlved of the false hope.
Despairing they turned their course in
their first direction, 1 , weaker k physically
and plunged Into a deeper , dejection. Two
hours of precious time ; were rone ¦_ and
were worse than lost, for they "had
brought added exhaustion and tha dis
couragement of '-¦, hope dispelled. They
trudged ' onward *' silently and .when ". one
of them essayed : to speak his words war*
thick and unintelligible.
uncertain eyes to keep slgHt of It wnlla
they made a pitiable haste toward it A
mile they walked, ~ then • two . miles and
ni ore, each step costing them agonies. of
physical suffering, then they came to their
signal. It was only the tall, flowered
stalk of a solitary cactus, standing alone
and pointing straight to the zenith, mo
tionless.
¦ Onca they thought they itw a signal
from their guide and strained their dizzy.
"When the sun buried itself in the dis- ?
tant sands, leaving its red flame along
the horizon, the two men were still wan
dering, and Pierce, the guide, had failed
to Join, them. Together they lay down to
sleep, trying to conceal from \ themselves
and each other the tortures of hunger and
thirst. But they slept little and were
moving before the dawn. Thejr had de
termined upon traveling toward Lees
Ferry, which had been forty miles to, the
north when they had camped. They took
their direction from the rays of the sun
and started. Higher and higher the ball
of beating fire ros* In the heavens,
showering down Its heat steadily upon
the stooping forms of the tolling, weaken
ing men. and the heat cam* back to them
from the- sands, scorching their faces.
The blinding glare from the white earth
dimmed their eyesight and /closed ' their
swollen, eyelids. The cuticU on their
hands and faces ¦ began to peel oft! In
scales, leaving the -skin tender and ex
posed. .The alkali dust arising- J from th«
glaring sand ate into the akin and added
a torturing Itch to \ their suffering's."
of water and its bags of provisions. But
still they dragged their weary way
through the sinklnr sand, talking less and
thinking more. Then. they ceased to talk
at all, and were afraid to think. For they
knew they were lost '
They turned to retrace their steps. Th«
heat was Intolerable; they were thirsty
and hungry; they were uncertain of their
own tracks, and seemed to have gone fur
ther than they had come, but the camp
they bad left was" nowhere visible, with
its little heap of saddles and its demijohn
seemed more intense. Then he missed the
ptamp of the mules' feet, the crunching of
their barley. Lifting himself up he looked
toward the place where the anl
male had been left. They were
gone. Leaping to his feet he
scanned the horizon. The mules were
nowhere in sight. Then he called his com
panions. As the sun came up they started
after the animals, tracking them. But the
sands of the desert are soft and the foot
of the mule sinks in and drawj out again
to little purpose. Creeping low to the
ground they hurried along, but with the
hours of the morning the tracks grew
fainter, as the sands settled back In the
little hollows. The three men crept slow
er and slower, and now and then raised a
hand to the brow to scan the monotony of
the plain. At roon they gave it up. and
turned about — two of them. For the guide
had followed a diverging track. They
looked about and found him gone. Then
the truth of It came to them— the dangers
of their situation. "Without their animals,
without food, without drink and guldeless
In a trackless waste. ',
the sheers and anchors. The lathe bju
been 1b operation only a short time. ¦
gTanlte columns, fifty-four feet leng by
eix feet in diameter, and weighing when
complete about 160 tons each. Innumer
able columni cf somewhat smaller dimen
sions ere also to be used in the con
struction, for the turning of which this
lathe will be used. The lathe itself is
cighty-Eix feet in length and weighs com
plete 1S5 tons, swings six feet eix inches
by elxty feet long, and has eight cut
ten, each tool taking a cut three inched
Jn depth, the whole eight reducing the col
nnn twenty-four inches Jn diameter at
one pass over the length of the stone.
The piece of granite to be turned is cut
BQuare from the quarry. After dressing
o2 the corners, which Is roughly done by
liand. the stone Is placed on the lathe,
and a period of about eix weeks is then
required to dress and polish the column.
The bed of the lathe Is made up of six
pieces, three on a side, each piece being
twenty-one feet eix Inches long, making
the main part cf the bed 6lxty-four feet
Fix inches In length. The whole is bolted
tog-ether by twelve stay bolts, two inches
In diameter. The head and tall stocks are
carried on extensions to the bed, each ten
feet nine inches in length, giving the en
tire machine a total length of eighty-six
feet. The head and tall stocks are of
cast Iron, weighing fifteen and fourteen
toss, respectively, and ar* boltad down to
A very remarkable piece of machinery,
the product of a Philadelphia firm, the
Philadelphia Roll and Machine Company.
4s desirned for turning heavy granite col
umns at the Quarries of the BodwcII
'Granite Company, Vlnalhaven, Me. It was
designed and patented by E. R. Cheney
And H. A. Sp::ier of Boston, and Is the
only lathe of its elze adapted to turning
granite in practical use.
• This machine wu primarily conceived
and constructed for the special work of
turning and polishing the granite col
umns to b* used In the erection of the
Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New
Tork City, which will have thirty-two
CUTS GRANGE
COLUMNS
OF HUNDREDS
OF TONS .
ment. To see such goods In process of
transit Is to see simply a box that might
be taken for a packing case full of sew
ing machines or s~me other harmless ar
ticle of peaceful Merchandise. Look at
the label, however, and you win read tn
larg» letters: "Wild animals— with care.**
Sometimes this is supplemented by a
drawing of a Uon or tiger or snake, or
whate^jpr the animal Inside may be. on
the box. This Is In case of Its having
to be handled by people who do not know
the language In which the label Is writ
ten. The box Is onlv a box In appear
ance, the woodwork being merely the out
side covering of the Iron cage within. Tha
whole thins is called a den, and access
to it is obtained by lifting a sliding door
at one end. Behind this is a small gate
way, through which the animal Is fed
and watered. At hia Journey's end the
ovner end of the box is knocked off. the
exposed' ironwork Is lifted out of Its
sockets, and the captive Is free to walk
out—not where he likes— but into the
cage, against the open door of which has
been placed the open end of the den he
has been traveling in. It is easy to get
him to walk from the small den to tha
large cage, from cramped captivity to
comparative freedom. Still, he 13 sure
to be suspicious, and to save time he has
been kept from food and water, both of
which are temptingly displayed before
him in the case. He makes a bound for
ward, intending to return to his now fa
miliar lair with the Joint he seizes, but
the bars are dropped against him. and he
glares defiantly at his jailers. Similar
devices are resorted to In getting a dan
gerous animal from his large cage Into
a small traveling den; if he prove very
obstinate , he is quickly driven oat by
lighting a fire of straw In tha c*rm»
"W. B. Robertson, in Cassell's Mag*
azine. says that, compared with giraffes
and elephants, lions, panthers and t.'gera
are small; they are always so asgresstve
ly ferocious, however, that care must be
exercised In packing them up for ship-
WHAT THEY DO
WITH WILD
ANIMALS ON
SHIPBOARD.
The first thing to do with a sprain Is to
apply water as hot as can be borne and
repeat until the pain Is gone. The hot
water may be showered on the sprain or
wet cloths may be used If frequently re
newed. The foot or ankle can be conven
iently immTsed In th» hot water. The
next thing Is to keep the Injured part
thoroughly warm. This Is done by wind-
Ing It with wadding or flannel. The less a
ppralned limb Is used, the quieter it la
kept, the more likely it is to get well
quickly.
Table oil or fresh butter rubbed imme
diately on a slight bruise will prevent
swelling or disfigurement. But If the
bruise Is severe of course a little raw
beefsteak Is better. A slight trulse mar
often be best treated by a compress wet
with witch hazel.
The most Important point In the treat
ment of burns is to at once exclude the
air. Cotton wool saturated with sweet oil
Is a safe and effective application. Do not
remove the dressing until the irritation
has subsided. In the country mothers
often cover, their children's ¦ bums with
flour. In serious case3 a mixture of sweet
oil and molasses is favored. Vi^elina will
eometlmes be sufficient If the air Is kept
away nature will greatly restore the tis
sue Vlthout other assistance.
THE merciless sun beat down upon
the prostrate figure of a man who
was lost In the desert. Far to the
east and weft, the north and south,
the hct sands stretched, limitless. Above
there was the b'.ue dead haze of the vast
overhanging- sky.
Nowhere was there a green thing: no
where a drop of vrater. and the man was
dying for the want of It. His garments
•were torn and tattered by his own hands,
for he was crazed by his sufferings. Ills
eyes wore bursting from their sockets.
his tongue swollen and lolling, his great
physique reduced to a trembling skeleton
for the Jack of food and drink. He lay
prostrate, and the desert was a furnace.
"Oh. God. let me die— let me dip!" It
was a praver, and most terribly was it
answered.
• • •
There Js no road In the civilized world
that has so dreadful a record as that
;long, hot. Bandy, waterless way from San
¦ Diego out ihrouRh the Arizona and Colo
¦ rado deserts. Each year it adds to It*
\ lengthening list c* victims; but, despiu
Its horrors, there are m*>n foolish enough
tr> attempt the 'ourney in midsummer.
¦ Proepoctor?. tramps and anxious working
. men essay its dangers, and it is through
cheer pood luck, rather than throush
management or endurance, that they ever
; make the tr!p In safety. It is Indeed a
hideous way. 'What sufferings have been
endured, what agonies of hopelessness
and physical torture, what torments of
¦low-comias aVath with none to see out
there In the wide waste of stillness] what
prayers have been uttered by unhappy
human beings alor.g that hot. dim road
: through the sar.ds none may ever know.
It is only those who have come close to
It that may imacrine.
A. few •weeks ago I. B. Hanna, superin
tendent of forest reserves for Arizona and
I JCew Mexico and cousin of Mark Hanna.
• aceomranled by A. F". Hermann, super
• visor cf the Colorado Grand Canyon, and
TV. H. Pierce, a guide, set out from the
Colorado Rivrr to m?ke a trip through to
the Utah line for investigations in con
nection with official duties.
They wrre destined to meet with strange
. find terrible experiences — experiences so
gainful and agonizing that so long as
; they !Ive there will be branded upon their
j memories the sufferings of those two days
.cf hunger ar.d thirst and hopelessness out
on the hot. endless waste of desert.
It Is a. simple thing to cross a small
, desert — small when one has four stout
mule legs under him and a bag of sub-
Ftant!al food at the bark of his saddle,
•with a demijohn of water, but large, vast
ly !arpe, when one awakes from the first
night's camp to find mijjlcs and food and
' water cone, with a red-streaked horizon
closing in on all sides at the hour of dawn.
That was what I. B. Hanna and his par
ty awoke to. Forty miles below Lees Fer
ry they had camped and tethered their
They made merry and laughed at
the heat that rore from the sands as the
' night came over them: they made the'r
, coffee and drank It; they fed the animals.
Then they rolled, themselves In their
I blankets and slept.
' At dawn the tlood-red rays of the com
rlng run awoke them. It was Hanna who
i first raised to his elbow. The vast etill
iness was all around: there was not a
eourid, not a cry of a bird, not a whirr of
yai wing. Hanna listened. The stillness
"The next time." eays Mr. Hanr.a, "the
next time I start across the desert Til
Bee that I ride a mule that won't walk
off in the night. I have no desire ever to
go through such an experience again."
It ivas several days before he ceased
to mutter, and his delirium was filled with
piteous ravings of "littla gray does" that
were always following him. His rescuers
shuddered. The "little gray dogs" were
probably wolves.
"When the party was sufficiently recov
ered they returned to Flagstaff.
Two m^a were dispatched to hunt for
the guide. He was found wandertr.g
about, demented, near the place of the
first night's camp, and he ran from h!s
rescuers like a wild man. He ¦was prompt
ly lassoed and taken to camp.
"With wide hat turned back from & care
free face, 'with long tapederos flowing
from his stirrups and clad in the pictur
esque chaperreros of the Mexican, a cow
boy galloped toward them.
"With great expedition and few words
the cowboy swung th« two exhausted
men across his horse and started across
the plain. They were only a few miles
from a camp, where food and drink
abounded In plenty, but the iams 'was
doled out sparingly to them until their
frenzy waa gone.
At 10 o'clock Hanna, who was looking
from the top of a knoll, gave an exclama
tion.
Then they slept again and awoke to a
new day.' Their thirst satisfied, hunger
tortured them, and they wandered about
aimlessly, not knowing which way to
move and lacking the strength to start
out again.
comrade. Taking his har from, his hea<5
be filled It with -water and started back.
calling as loudly as he could, but there
was no answer. Hanna could no longer
speak, and when his friend reached hlra
was Just able to swallow the sips of water
that were given him.
Bathing his face and hands Hermann
revived him slowly, checking his frenzy
for water with a firm hand cntll It wa3
safe to let him drink unrestrained.
THE STJGSTD A Y C Alili.
crew darker. The weakening man crept
forward, struggling against his physical
weakness and the despair of. heart and
mind— for perhaps there was still a
chance. '
Tben; In the dusk, he fell, fact* forward
In the sand. The heat of It burned him.
and he lifted. It was at the crest of a
knoll, , and ¦ beyond was a dump ot i sage
brush, he had thought, but as he looked
the dull gray tint of the leaves seemed
gone; and the , patch of • shadow seemed
darker than. the sand. ' .With eyes distend
ed, and straining his ~ achlrigr muscle* In a
last hope, he dragged himself toward the
clump. : now stumbling . on ; his feet, now
creeping on hands arid knees.. At last he
grasped the. branches; of the shrubs and
pulled himself forward. Exhausted by the
effort; his body fell heavily to the ground
his hands outstretched before" him.
Where they reached the sand was damp
"Water! Thank God!" The "swollen lips
framed the words. The sound came
husky, and unintelligible. The new hope
urged him to effort. ¦
¦it was a : spring/; The water was warm
and stagnant, but it wa« sweet to the
taste of the thirst-parched mouth, and
long did the starving man drink. Sipping
fl ™ t - ,*?* . tnen , .^pWrig lonK draughts, he
lay beside the. water until hls r thirst was
slacked and his swollen lips and tongue
lost their thickness.
Then. 'refreshed, he remembered his
14
A COUSIN OF MARK HANNA
FACES DEATH OF THE DESERTMiss . Martlnot is not ; entirely wrong.
The type of ministers she refers to need
meat and plenty of It to give them vital
ity—life—and with it stronger sympathies
and keener . Insight Into : human nature.
Philips Brooks said: "It is deficient vital
ity Instead 'of excessive vitality that
. "It Is due," she says, "to malnutrition.
I have been a close observer of these con
ditions for years and am sure that these
preachers are illy fed when they look at
things in a dwarfed aspect. It is caused
by insufficient red corpuscles in the blood.
Yes, It Is a positive fact. I've met them
in boarding-houses sometimes and have
noticed they eat cereals— oatmeal for
breakfast; then bread and butter with ap
ple sauce: then cereals again, but no
meat"
Many who go upon the stage nowadays
are of better caliber and finer sensibilities
than was usual In the past. Better writers
are producing plays for interpretation by
players of to-day. Not only mind, but
soul, is creeping Into the theater.
Miss Satlle Martlnot. recently In San
Francisco, believes she has discovered the
reason for a narrow prejudice to theater
going.
Expression '» life. True expression is
demanded In good acting. Duse Is a lead
er of this movement for truth, and many
are following already. Philips Brooks
says: *
"We go Jingling bells when we ought to
sing the Litanies."
This turning to the stage for the ex
pression of soul is not surprising, because
society supplies inadequate food for emo
tional natures. The constant practice In
the social zoo is to repress the deepest,
truest expression of self and substltut©
the lightest small talk— the same things
invariably said with the same manner
isms. Repression is death.
flown to the worship of self and for self.
Mammon 1b the fetich. One must have a
small soul to enjoy a diet of society alone
and thrive upon it."
Theatrical medicine is often . easier to
take because It Is sugar-coated, but the
Ther© is every reason why the church
should co-operate with the stage— both are
teachers. Richard Mansfield said to me
once: "The stag© teaches oftener than the
church, for We give a lesson eight times a
week, while the church only preaches
twice. Then, too. we often reach people
who would not go elsewhere." •
In the old Revolutionary days George
Washington attended the theater when
ever he happened to visit New Xork City,
and h© was strongly censured by many^ for
this unpardonable indiscretion. Although
he knew perfectly well the existing preju
dice toward theater-going;. George Wash
ington walked in at the front door, truth,
hatchet and all— and thereby hangs a
moral.'
York and had entertained the same idea.
They solemnly promised each other never
to reveal the transgression, but after
years nnd years it leaked out.
stead a spirit of love and helpfulness?
printed card on each stagedoor announo
ing that there is a church and stage al
liance Is of no value unless substantiated
by a real showing; of friendliness, sym
pathy and co-operation.
San Francisco would resent being told
she* is not progressive. Then why not
overcome old-time prejudice and show In-'
chaplains and then subsided. The officers
are: Rev. W. A. Breck, Rev. William
Rader and Rev. John A. B. Wilson. A
tion some time ago. but It practically
went no further than tha appointment of
help.
San Francisco formed such an organiza-
ture of patronizing missionary work, but
is an alliance looking toward mutual
Talking their problems over, as they do
constantly, strengthens the bond of unity
between them.
Better still, there is an emergency fund
for those in distress; also chaplains to
call upon actors when ill and male© them
as comfortable as possible. Those assist
ed are not regarded as objects of charity,
nor is the assistance rendered In the na-
vices, discussions and sermons by repre
sentatives of both the church and stage.
makes all the trouble of the wona.- AH
progressive ministers are coming to thla
way of thinking. They realize that la or
der to reach souls they must come oat of
the clouds of theory and let their hearts
go out to all humanity with th© cenuia©
Christ love.
The Church and Stage AlHaxie* Is a
growing organization, which Is bound to
be the "tl» that binds** th«s© two powers
together. It is a national movement,
every city of any comequenc© f orcning a
part Ths headquarters Is In Nsw
York City, where Bishop Potter t» la
charge. Actors and ministers meet once
a month for ths purpose of establishing
a better understanding with «acn> otnar.
and cultivating a social and religions In
terest between their professions. On
these occasions ther© ars religious ser-
Though only an amateur aeronaut, the
Rev. J. M. Bacon, rector of a small Eng
lish parish, has solved the problem of
communicating from ths clouds to . the
earth without the . u»© of wires.' The re
sults of his experiments, which have cov
ered a period of seven years, have been
made public, and will be of valuable
assistance to scouts and commanders in
times of war. In the past the war balloon
has been of little practical . service for
the reason that wires hav© ; been con
sidered necessary In notifying- the troops
below of tho enemy's movements, and
because the wires have prevented ascen
sions beyond the reach" of guns. The old
balloons were limited to an ascension of
1000 to 1500 feet, while • the . Rev. Mr.
Bacon Is able to converse at an altitude
of 2000 to 6500 feet
"But the stage Is not so well entitled to
friendliness as the non-orthodox affect to
believe," is another decision the preacher
critic arrived at without acquaintance
with the theater and Its people. This
comes of struggling with a subject he is"
Bom© conscientiously offer their little
mlts toward marring th» success of the
few actors that come in their way, there
by aiding in the "suppression of the
stage."
ciose, out insisted it was only a concert
His family accompanied him and enjoyed
It quite as much. The next morning the
daughter asked her mother to take her to
see Denman Thompson play "The Old
Homestead," a great, whole-souled heart
play; but the father declared in stentor
ian tonee that his daughter should never
go to hell by stepping over the threshold
of a theater. When the family explained
he had seen an opera with him the nlsht
before he Indignantly denied th© accusa
tion and insisted it was a concert
: An operator understanding the Morse
code has been able to "take" Mr. Bacon's
messages difficulty. Naturally,
In time of war, the operator In the balloon
using the; Bacon system would, while
using the dots and dashes , of the Morse
alphabet, communicate ..'with ¦;. his officers
below in cipher. ; a The enemy . might hear
the signals as plainly, as the comrades ; of
the operators,* y©t would pot be ; able [ to
understand what was said any more than
tern, and said he had no doubt that If
adopted by the Government It would
prove of great value '•' either on ' land or
sea.: ,;^:.- ¦* .
¦-;'¦ •-.'- — ¦ ? » — ; .
To clean celery of ' the Insects often
found on It take - a '• wln«rlassful of hot
water in which a little bicarbonate of
soda has been dissolved. Plunge the eel- 1
ery ' Into this , after ; It has been washed.
Then cool In ' lc© ' water before serving?.
benent is mere ana tne cure can ae er
fectcd.' Should preachers object so streu
ously to competition? If only spoils their
dispositions and puts them out of har
mony with the Infinite and the people
and cuts off the great • supply of lov©
which should be as broad as the uni versa.
The professional and social world are
coming closer together year by year, and
this fact Is one we can well afford to wel
come. There are more theatrical people
to-day whose honest uprightness has se
cured them higher social standing than
could have been hoped for fifty years ago.
Some men and. women in good society go
upon the stage to-day without sacrificing
position, as they would formerly have
done. One cultivated woman who went
upon the stage said to me:
"A mere fashionable life seems to strong
natures so objectless, so'. purposeless. So
ciety offers such petty triumphs, such
mean glories. It is usually narrowed
A huge, black, collapsing drum hangs
some forty or fifty feet below ../.ttie
car of his balloon, and this he heats by
means of electricity— th© sounds being
caused really by expansion ; and contrac
tion. The dots and dashes of the Morse
telegraph) code have been used in Mr.
Bacon's experiments and have been heard
for several miles. '; ¦
he would a government message sent over
the cable or telegraphic wires.
The Rev. Mr. Bacon has Interested both
th© British' War : and Navy departments
In his Invention, and on one of his recent
experimental trips had as a companion
Admiral Sir Edmund R. Fremantle. The
admiral expressed himself , after the voy
age as favorably. Impressed with the sys-
actresses who were honorable. You sec
those who attack the stage are Ignorant
of the characters of Its people and aro
Jn no position to criticise. Why, five min
utes' conversation with such characters
as Modjeeka, Maude Adams, Viola Allen,
Mrs. Kendall or Xethersole is so uplift-
Ing! I feel better and have a. more uni
versal love in my heart after talking
with euch characters than after listen
ing to an egotistical sermon full of
threat* for others. Moet of such preju
dice Is not prejudice at all, but hypocrisy.
I have seen preachers who were not sup
posed to approve of the stage, come to
comic opera and sit behind the scenes
and In the flies. One gets on very nicely
¦without the hypocritical sort of preach
ers."
And the favorite prlma donna gathered
her frou-frou flounces more tightly . la
her Jeweled hands, as though she longed
to ewe«p past prejudiced accusers and
character. I admire the loyalty of Emma
Abbott when I remember how, when she
was attending a Universallst church In
Chicago, Bhe rose from her seat and com
manded the preacher to cease his abuso
of her profession. She said she would
not allow him to epeak of Its people as
being wicked because she knew so many
temptation. Most of such people are good
because they have never been tempted;
they have never bad an opportunity to
prove that they have any strength of
"If the etage Is so Immoral. I'm sure I
don't know where It Is. I have been on
the stage since I was ten years old and
haven't seen the vice that Is discussed by
narrow minded preachers and their fol
lowers. These people Insist they are good
themselves, but there is no great amount
of virtue In being good from lack of
50 the biase is ¦wicked anil should t»e
shunned? Indeed!"
Camllle d'Arville's eyes flashed
fire and the great uympathetlc dia
mond he-art on her white breast glittered
Its resentment of so apparent an injustice
to the stage folk.
A few ministers get Into the theater by
mistake, believing they are going to at
tend a concert; but I have noticed that
such victims have kept, their .seats and
borne it bravely. I know a Chicago min
ister who went to bear Pattl sing the last
time she visited America. With her sup
•portlng company she sang "Martha" with
full stage costumes and scenic effects.
The worthy preacher ; held. his libretto In
his hand and enjoyed the opera to the
A San Francisco theatrical manager
told me a few days ago that ministers
frequently gain admission to his theater
by passing through his private office and
Into the foyer, thus avoiding the danger
of meeting any of their flock at the iront
entrance, which accident would be em
barrassing, to eay the least. Once safely
In their seats, the worthy patrons proceed
to conceal their identity in the most mod
est manner. They have a way of trans- .
forming their straight, ecclesiastical col
lars Into the most neglige-looking turn
overs you ever saw. They deftly unbut
ton the collar behind, turn it down and It
Is quite out of the way. Then they urge
their coats up around their willing necks
as high aa possible and look away to their
heart*' content. " .
snow them that, with all her years 01
stage life, she could hold her head quite
as high as those who wrap cloaks of self
righteousness about them, often to hide
their own secret fondness for the stage
Do the people of Ban Francisco realize
how short a distance they would have to
go from this city to find ultra-orthodox
elders who express a public antipathy for
the theater and its people, but .who them
selves attend a play with amusing alac
rity whenever they have a palpable ex
cuse?
They go about excuse-making in differ
ent ways. Sometimes they place them
selves upon an "Inspection committee"
for the purpose of "seeing and reporting
at the next meeting." Those not fortu
nate enough to become a "committee"
find other avenues of inlet.
Miss Frances WHIard told a secret
within my hearing a few years ago. Once
when In New York it occurfed to her she
would like to go to the theater now that
¦he was a safe distance^ from home —
Evanston, 111. She yielded to the Inclina
tion and' went, but imagine her amaze
ment in meeting there the good . elder of
her church at home. He was also in New
A Chicago preacher with whom I hava
a personal acquaintance has taken
three years' work at th© dra
matic school Just mentioned. He ap
peared on tho scene of dramatlo action
four times a week, In addition to per
forming the duties of his church. When,
fancy dancing was taught every other
day the ambitious, elder fell into line Yrtth
the scores of girls and "did the steps"
beautifully; but he. never danced In his
life; he always explained this as "work
in rhythm." This preacher frequently re
minded his classmates that he had never
Been a play and never would commit tho
sin of stepping into a theater, but he gav«
entertainments. I remember his best one
was. a cutting of Shakespeare's "Merchant
of Venice." He gave the play himself In
a couple of hours. Sir Henry Irving vis
ited Chicago last winter and played his
masterpiece, "The Merchant of Venice,"
but the elder would not go. Much as he
desired to study Irving's art, he content
ed himself with asking questions.
But we know they do not all stay at
home.
That "the work" benefits preachers and
Improves their personality Is unques
tioned, for truth is the keynote of reJlgka,
and the more truly they can express tho'
best . emotions th© nearer they can ap
proach other human hearts they mean to
help. But why do they not say so?
j In Chicago one of the finest dramatlo
schools in th© country has Saturday
classes arranged for the Benefit of those
who cannot attend dally, but who wish to
"take the work." Every Saturday morn
ing from fifteen to twenty ministers ap
pear at the school and for several hours
the halls resound with Shylock's "Re
venge" or moan with Hamlet's soliloquy,
"To be or not to be." In however tragio
a manner the elder may paw the air, he
insists that he Is not studying dramatlo
art. Such an insinuation is resented at
one* and you are told in words you can
not fall to understand that he L» study
ing "literary interpretation," i-t.fi
Very often those who make such stren
uous efforts to suppress the stage are not
without secret dramatic tendencies them
selves. It is commonly supposed that th«
stage-struck element consists of , young
girls with starry eyes and billowy halt
and young men with chocolate crearn
mouths; but this Is not all. Many leaders
of nocks, the good preachers themselves,
ar© among the countless number—count
less because this latter class will never
line up to b« enumerated. The fact Is es
tablished, nevertheless, by their attend
ance In dramatic schools. .'* _
not familiar with. Why la this so? Why
should he not encourage those playera
who work harder to earn .money honestly
than those In almost any other profession?
THE SUNDAY CAM*.
15
THE STAGE & THE NARROW MINDED
PREACHERS¦ More steel Is used m the manufactuTa
of pens than in all the sword 'and run
factories In the world,
Norwegian legislators propose that girls
who do not know how to knit. sew. wa3h
and cook shall be refused permission to
marry. Daughters of wealthy men are
not to be excepted.
TO be as lovely as possible ought to be
one of the alms of every woman, and
so long as she does not make this one
aim the great object of her. life there is no
/.harm In a desire to be beautiful. Some
> women have an advantage over others bv
being born pretty, but the roses In one's
cheeks will fade like any other flower un
less they are dally fed and nourished.
Crow's feet and -wrinkles perhaps dis
figure a face quicker than anything else.
When the age lines begin to appear extra
' care must* be given the face. If the tis
sues are wasted they should be built up.
The relaxed muscles must be given
strength; if cheeks are hollow they should
be made plump again. When the pores
grow starved for proper food It is a
woman's duty to find what tonic is needed
and to use It.
The coming of wrinkles Is ever dreaded,
although many persons are heard to say,
"Oh, I don't mind 'them; they are 'char
acter lines.' " True, but the face Is small,
and If one has very much "character" by
and by there will be nothing but lines to
look at.
"Now. supposing one has been .careless
and scowled "for years over books and
work. 1 The forehead has become full of
ugly long wrinkles, and even crow's feet
are ¦ plainly visible in the corners of the
eyes. Unlovely traits of character (as
well as lovely ones) leave their marks on
the face, "and they are never becoming
• • ones/ not the lines one wishes left there.
' If possible, time should be given every
morning to .the following treatment:
Soften, cleanse and relax the muscles by
washing . with a soft ' cloth* or sponge In
warm - water. Hub up and back, never
down. The lines of the face naturally
tend downward, and to take a rough
, towel and to wipe the face by rubbing
downward will not only .' accentuate all
wrinkles/ bot will soon result in leaving
the muscles so" relaxed that little bags of
flesh will hang down on each side of the
chin. The cheeks will be hollow and
sunken 'In consequence.
After wiping upward massage the face
by gently" pinching and squeezing It—aJ
wsys. using the upward : motion, never
dragging a. muscle downward. All this
"time -th© fingers are anointed with the
¦ proper tonic or skin food, that Is gradual-
THE BEST WAY TO IRON OUT UGLY WRINKLES.
ly being rubbed Into the pores. Thes«
pores absorb like little mouths, and ther
should be kept filled with the proper food
Instead of with dust and dirt.
With care flabby cheeks can be mads
firm and round by this constant feeding c*
the pores and rubbing upward. Note how
lines about the eyes run. then rub them
out. Many of them are superficial, and
when scarfskin is .removed the- wrinkles
will be no more. Any tonic that will bull J
up a loose skin will kill wrinkles, for. aa
a' general thing, they are only the result
of flabbiness. The fatty substances nave
been destroyed perhaps by face washes.
Many of these preparations close the pores
and deaden the face until it looks like a
yellow paper mask.
Just as soon as the skin shows signs of
age mix 38 grains of turpentine with three
drachms of water and apply the lotion at
night. For some this preparation works
beautifully; for others it does not. A
generally successful mixture, however. Is
one drachm of alum and one ounce of gly
cerin In a pint of water.
Again, some women cannot use glycerin
in any form. In that case the followins
cream may be tried:
One ounce of wool fat.
One ounce white fat.
One ounce spermaceti.
One ounce olive oil.
One-fourth ounce camphor gum.
The camphor gum should be dissolved
in the oil: add everything else, warm until
the mass Is meltee. then beat until cold.
Use the cream on retiring. The wool fat
restores the fatty substance to the empty
tissues and helps to make the skin firm
and healthy.
A mixture of tannin, one oiincs, rose
water, five ounces; glycerin, two ounces,
applied with a camel's hair brush, is sal«3
to be wonderful In its effect in removing
the age lines.
The mother must be ready to act In
stantly and accurately in the preparation
of minor remedies. Promptness may
mean life and. slowness mean death. A
very .little .of. any drug has the most
marked effect. --¦¦:•. •
All of 'these considerations moved Mrs.
Lente. She reasoned to herself that In
hundreds, perhaps thousands, of ca&ea
the mere absence of mechanical conven- ;
'ences^ for. preparing foods, measuring
medicines and keeping. working apparatus
immaculately clean, produced the most
dangerous carelessness. She set herself
to working out the smallest floor space
that could be made to Include everything
needed to feed. and care for these little
ones sclenttncailyv Of course, the Idea
was to devise a cabinet with a place for
everything and everything in its place.
That may , seem simple enough, stated In
black and white, but it took many months
of steady thought before the Inventor had
satisfied herself. ; .
The perfected device consists of a table
of white enamel two feef square, with
drawer,, sliding shelf, sliding tray and
folding leaf. It has a top of heavy glass.
There is a case of . glass and metal. Im
pervious to Insects, . thirteen by thirteen
inches and nine inches deep. A refrig
erator large enougn to be of real service,
a pall of enamclware for waste water,
and a two-quart glass Jug go with the
outfit. There are a dozen fjint glass
graduated bottles; of the four ounce size
and a dozen more' of the two ounce size.
A measuring glass holding -e'ght "ounces,"
a dairy thermometer, a glass bowl to keep
nipples. In bo as. to have them fresh and
clean, and a glass measuring scoop for
milk sugar seem to be essential.
There is a Jar for- milk sugar, a Jar for
borax and a jar of bicarbonate of soda;
a quart' bottle of Hmewater, and anther
of the same size for alcohol; an Alcohol
lamp, a Bunsen gas burner, a case o* ster
ilized cotton, a dozen, hard rubber nipples,
seven fine linen mesh towels and six
washrags are provided. Aluminum Is
used for a narrow vessel to hold a' milk
bottle wl/e heating , It. The same metal
makes the funnel, the tablespoon, the tea
epoon and a half ounce dipper; for lifting
out top milk from 'the bottle, as well as a
double boiler; for 'cooking food.' A soap
dish of glass, a number of bottle stands,
en asbestos mat, a box of safety, matches
and . two : flannel "coBies" complete the
provlsiGnsvfi|S|(
NEW METHOD OF FEEDING
YOUR YOUNG BABY.
ylff RS. F. K. LENTE of New York
II Hw * s mventor who has chosen a
Jl lfe> V Held for which women may per
haps claim special qualifications— the per
fection of mechanical devices for the
proper care of babies In arms.
Everybody knows how fearful Is the
mortality rate during the first year of
children's lives. The poor little creatures
cannot signify what Is the matter with
them. Symptoms are the only guides for
the mother or the nurse or the doctor, and
-when It Is remembered that even In
handling diseases of adults medicine Is
anything but an exact science, It is real
ized without difficulty that the doctrine
of chances bears hard on the youngsters.
When the plan of wet nursing prevails
nearly everything depends on the condi
tion of the nurse. But as women have
gTown more nervous with the develop
ment of civilization this plan has proved
open to new objections, and there is a
growing tendency toward the use of lab
oratory milk — sterilized milk — and foods
specially prej are-1 ' • the purpose.
America is behind the age In
protecting th«. .. .n*. youngest chil
dren agaiTist tfcf »_,.... -i.n-e of those who
ere responsible for them. In France, for
example, there is a well enforced statute
prohibiting Ibe giving of solid food t.V a
bfi.be Ices than a year old. and another
equally effective against the use of rub
ber nipples lor nursing botiles. on the
ground that it is almost impossible to
keep these nipples clean. The theory of
our ov,n law makers has iyeen to rely on
the common and statute law punishment
of willful neglect and let details look out
for themselves.
An expert has calculated that during
the first month a baby ought 10 be fed not
less than ten times during the twenty
four hours, and that one of his feedings
roust be in the course of the night, The
number of feedings is gradually reduced
till at the end of the first year the infant
gets only five meals a day and Is rightly
or wrongly expected to survive the night
¦without any troublesome display of ap
petite. The child,. If he is doing well,
should double his weight during the first
half year and at the end of twelve month*
should weigh three times what he did at
birth.
By cutting a -slice from the large end of
hard-boiled shelled eggs the yolks may be
removed so "as I to leave the whites un
broken and cupshaped. Prepare five eggs
in this way and make the filling as fol
lows: Mix the yolks with six cooked,
chopped oysters; add six cooked, miuced
mushrooms, pepper and salt. Add enough*
Dust large oysters with pepper,' brush
with melted butter, lay on an oyster
broiler over hot coals until edges curl;
have ready toasted bread which has been
spread generously with butter mixed with
minced onion; lay broiled oysters thickly
over top; sprinkle with lemon juice, gar
nish with lemons and serve piping hot.
Eggs a la Surprise.
Broiled Oysters a FAmericain.
It Is much easier to serve your chicken
plain. It Is much more attractive served
with spaghetti.
And here are ever so many more Ideas.
They are all built upon the same old
ideas, to be sure— ideas which Mrs. Noah
carried into the ark; but those old outs
are marvelously disguised by new dresses.
Slip paper frills on the chicken leg
Joints and arrange the portions in a circle
about the spaghetti.
Fry a disjointed chicken, until brown
and tender, drain, dust with pepper and
salt and keep hot until the spaghetti 's
ready. Cover a quarter of a package of
spaghetti with the browned butter left
from the chicken and as much water as
must be added in order to cover. Add to
this one sliced onion, on® staik celery, two
sliced "tomatoes; stew until spaghetti is
tender; then add salt, dash of paprika,
two tablespoons curry powder.
Fried Chicken and Spaghetti.
utes; serve with slices of fried sour ap
ples.
one-fourth pound salt pork minced, one
teaspoon salt, one-fourth teaspoon pep
per; form into rolls like sausages and
saute In smoking hot butter for ten min-
Mince one pound beefsteak from th*
round; add one small onion chopped, one
teaspoon minced parsley, one-half teaspoon
cage, one-half teaspoon summer savory.
Chop fine one pound of halibut, freed
from bones and skin; cook one cup bread
crumbs in one cup milk; add the fish/ one
teaspoonful salt, one-fourth teaspoon
pepper, one teaspoon minced parsley, half
tt-aspoon minced onion, last # of all the
Etlffly beaten whites of four eggs. Butter
tlmbale molds, fill with the fish mixture,
eet In a pan of warm water and bake In
moderate oven from twenty-five to thirty
minutes, or till centers are firm, and serve
hot. garnished.
There are enfiless way« of arranging
hamburg steaks. Try this:
Hamburg Steak With Fried Apples.
Fish Timbales.
Don't backslide. Here's a helping hand
ful of receipts that will break the monot
ony. For instance, you are tired of your
fish everlastingly served in the same
slices with the same tomato sauce. Tim
bales will be the daintiest kind of variety.
rt T !s so easy for us housekeepers to
| grow mentally lazy. Not lazy in our
11 hands, but in our thoughts." We spend
Just as many hours as ever in tfce
manual labor that our table requires, but
we fall into a rut. It is so much easier
to order beef, lamb, chicken, and then be
gin beef, lamb, chicken all over again,
than It Is to plan the thousand and one
little variations upon these old themes.
Acd yet the variations are what keep up
family appetitss. and the family appetites
keep up farsily health.
There Is more poetry than cookery about
this receipt. Try It, and see If you don't
agree.
Dissolve one-half box gelatine In one
half cup hot water; add one cup boiling
water and one cup sugar; stir until sugar
Is dissolved; strain; add juice of one-half
lemon, one tablespoon orange Juice and
one cup champagne; place a thin layeaof
the jelly In an oblong pan wet in cold
water; lay In a full-blown rose, remem
bering that the bottom will be the top
when served; ret on Ico to stiffen Jelly,
then pour In the rest and let remain on
ice until firm; when ready to serve dip
the mold an Instant in warm water. It
may be served on a plate garnished with
foliage and candied rose petals.
. A still prettier arrangement of this
receipt Is to mold small roses— Cecil Brun
ners, for Instance— In cups and serve Indi
vidual molds. Sprays of rose vines maks
good "garnlsfclngs for the plates.
Kose Molded in Jelly.
Pour one quart boiling water over one
half cup coffee ground very fin© (one
fourth Mocha, three-fourths Java and
one-eighth Rio is a delicious mixture).
Steep for fifteen minutes, strain and add
sugar to taste; pour Into freezing can
packed in ice and salt and turn paddla
till mixture Is frozen to a mush; add tho
stiffly beaten whites of two eggs and let
stand cne-half hour. "When serving placs
a spoonful of whipped cream flavored del
icately with vanilla on top of each glass.
erate oven to bake until a knife thrust
in center can be withdrawn without
custard adhering; set on ice to chill;
eerve In Individual cups with a spoonful
of red raspberry jam on top.
Coffee Sherbet With Whipped Cream,
Une cups with sponge cake, placing a
circular piece on the bottom. Dissolve
one tablespoon gelatine In one-half cup
hot milk; whip one pint cream until stiff,
add three egg whites whipped stiff, one
cup powdered sugar, one-half teaspoon
* vanilla, and the dissolved gela'tine; beat
until stiff; till the cups, sprinkling walnut
meats throughout; set on ice for thirty
minutes.
Macaroon Custards.
"""Soak twelve stale macaroons in' one
Quart of milk until sott; add six -beaten
eggs, sugar If needed, • and one teaspoon
vanilla; set In pan of warm water In mod-
Peel and slice sweet oranges, bananas,
apricots, pears, peaches, pineapples; add
one-half cup canned fruit juices, one tea
spoon sherry wine. Arrange in crystal
dish with powdered sugar sifted through
the fruit. Beat stiff the whites of two
eggs, add two tablespoons powdered
sugar and beat again. Chill the fruit,
and when ready to eerve, beat Into the
egg two tablespoons cocoanut and heap
on top.
Walnut Charlotte Russe.
Boil one pint milk, add one heaping:
tablespoon cornstarch wet to thin paste
with cold milk, otlr till thick: add two
tablespoons sugar, a pinch of salt, two
tablespoons chopped blanched, almonds;
cool, then add whites of three psss beaten
stiff. Line a square pan with sponge cake
slices or lady fingers, pour cream In,
spreading halved apricots in center: set
on Ice for an hour. Serve with sweet
cream.
Fruit Salad. '
Apricot Loaf.
melted better and lemon juice to make
a moist, npt wet, paste. Fill the egg
whites with this and serve them stand
ing small end up on crisp lettuce.
THE SUNDAY C ALL. -
16
DAINTY SIDE DISHES FOR EPICURESthe efforts jt the training season have
been put fcrlh.
Aside from the stars, the greener or less
brilliant men are constantly getting
bruises and sprains and soon there would
be no second eleven to lino up for prac
tice if It were not for the efforts of the
trainer.
There Is another man with whom the
trainer doesn't always agree. That's the
team's physician. He generally wants to
send a man to bed to erow weak and
soft. Tho trainer wants to keep him up
bo that when his knee is well again he
will be In shape to go right Into the thick
of tho practice.
These are • what make, the trainer's
knowledge and experience valuable In the
college, and the pa me difficulties, though
les-s emphasized, make the training of the
smaller high and preparatory school
teams a puzzling thing for, the boys that
have no trainer to direct them.
I began my football training career
with the famous old Reliance Club team
and in 'CC I trained the Stanford team.
In '97. 'OS and '93 I was trainer for the
Berkeley team. In that long experience
I may have learned some things that
will interest people who wonder how a
college team is trained, and which ought
to be of Fomo assistance to high school
boys who have no trainer.
The football season opens in the first
week of the college term and lasts until
Thanksgiving, when the team meets Its
greatest rival. Of course, at first the
practice Is very light and consists mainly
of punting and passing the ball, falling on
it, wrestling on mats In the gymnasium
and so on. with maybe a sharp run down
the field or an occasional slower cross
country run. All this is aimed at loos
ening up. the muscles of the boys who
ere muscle-bound . and to harden up the
muscles of those who come back soft
from vacation.
The boys that the colleges depend on to
win their football games as well as other
athletic contests are the boys from the
farms or mines or ehops, whose shoulders
are brawny and whose backs are strong.
These boys come to college, whether as
freshmen or after vacation, In good phys
ical condition. In my opinion, they ought
to be put at the training -table right from
the start, bo that unsuitable food should
have no chance to get In Its deadly work
and put them out of the running before
the season has fairly started.' Boarding
house pies and midnight "feeds" have
ruined many a promising man's stomach
* — ir-iVTO leading f.ictor3 enter Into the
preparation of a college football
li team for its final great etrugsle
•with Its chief rival for supremacy.
The work of the coach Is aimed at
teaching the players the game in all its
details and the development of team
¦work, tho only thing that will win in foot
ball.
The trainer's efforts are directed to
ward building up tho players physically
and grooming and to keep them at the
top notch of strength and energy.
While the work of the trainer dovetails
Into that of the coach and has the same
end in view, there Is a confiict between
coach and trainer that can't be avoided.
The training season lasts ten or eleven
weeks and it is none too short for the
coach. Not until the last two or three
weeks is he able to get his team to de-
Telop "varsity form," and after that
every day count?. So for six days in
the week during the long season of train-
Ing the coach Is hammering away at his
players, sending them against each other
like battering-rams. Instructing them in
Individual play and in lineup practice. AH
that is very hard on the player, because
he soon gets In fine fettle, and then the
trainer has to exert every effort to keep
him from going stale; that Is to say, from
becoming over-trained.
For eight weeks possibly the trainer
must watch the player as a physician
watches a fever patient. By changes of
diet or taklnz him out of the practice
for a few days he counteracts ar.y ten
dency to Btaleness. But the coach may
want that particular man In the practice
badly at that particular time, and unless
ho is a sensible fellow or the trainer's
authority In his own field is absolute,
there Is sure to be trouble.
That, then, Is the first and most trying
duty of -the football trainer— to keep the
players from going stale. But there are
ether things which make his work diffi
cult. A favorite player— the quarter or
fullback or line-bucking half whose brill
iant play is counted upon to sqpre against
the rival team— goes down in a heap soxr,4
evening at practice and when the other
fellows get up he lies on .the ground
twisting In pain* from a sprained ankle or
a torn tendon or a twisted knee. The
trainer takes him in charge and assumes
the responsibility of getting the disabled
star back Into shape and doing it quick
ly. If he bungles, his mistake may cost
the college the game, to win which all
er a pint of ale occasionally at dinner.
Two weeks before the big game ealfj=foot
Jelly and sherry or sherry and egg is
given the men at breakfast to tone up the
system and allay nervousness. At night
a glass of vin mariani. or, if the player is
fine, an extra bottle of ale before going
to bed is good.
The trainer must exercise great care to
keep his men from becoming stale as a
result of the long training season. The
signs of stalene.«s are .dry- skin, hollow
eyes, loss of apnetlte. drowsiness, slow
ness in play. Staleness is just as fatal to
good play as a broken leg, only It is easier
tr remedy.
The player is kept out of regular prac
tice a few days, or at least eased up.
Often his diet is changed ami he is given
more ale. A man may be very "fine." and
a practice a little too hard may send him
over the line find ho will go all to pieces
from stalencss. Sometimes It Is necessary
to send a man away from the training
table and let him break all the training
rules as to diet. He 1b not allowed to
smoke, however.
The art of bandaging is one that the
football trainer, must acquire. There are
bruises and cuts got In every practice and
game that need care of that sort. More
serious than tiiese are sprains, partlcu
. larly of the knee. A player's knee Is bad
ly* wrenched, and without proper care
"water on the kr.ee" is the result. The
best treatment for a sprained knee Is a
and smothered his chances. to "make tho
Whether the players are boarded at a
training tablo or not, they must let all
fatty and starchy foods elone. Those
are fat producing, and the football man
has no use for fat. He must religiously
abstain from intoxicating liquors and
from tobacco In any form.
Intoxicants waste his strength and en
ergy, and any youth who can carouse,
or even drink moderately, and still play
good football can do a de'llof a sight bet
ter if he takes care of himself. If he
breaks training rules and yet is a star
on the team he can become a great col
lege hero if he will deny himself his In
dulgences and develop all there la In 'him.
The boy who smokes cigarettes . can
never be a great football player.' He can
not even hope to make, a' good' showing
on the practice field unless he ceases .the
habit while in training.
It is the worst form of the tobacco habit
and the boy who fills his lungs with, cig
arette smoke, who; 1 "inhales," is no more
good on the : football field than a wind-:"
broken horse on the . race track."
But I do not want to wink. at the crime
of cigar smoking during the training sea
son, A' well-seasoned player "with
strength and wind In perfect condition to
stand up to a grilling game, may go back
to his cigars ever so moderately, and in
a week it will cut his wind so badly that
he Is useless to his team after, ten min
utes of hard plny."\
The diet must be plain. At the training
table the meals are served about as.fol
lows:
Breakfast— Mush, the kind used to be
varied from day to day; boiled or poached
eggs or lamb chops; milk. No tea or cof
fee is allowed the players. A cup ' of- hot
water before breakfast is insisted -upon.
Stewed prunes or apple sauce is on the
table at all meals. The football player
must give up hot biscuits, -and. in fact,
even fresh bread. Toast and once in a
while graham bread Is served at nil meals.
Lunch— Roast beef, medium or rare,' as
the Individual likes '[ It; "baked potatoes;
celery, asparagus, tomatoes or a baked
apple; occasionally a" plate of. bouillon".
Dinner— A strong soup, either rice toma
to, cream celery or beef tea with an egg
In* it; 'porterhouse 'steak, roast beef 'or
chicken: lamb chops; vegetables; a light
pudding, such as corn starch. On' Sun
days turkey and ice cream Is served. ..'At
dinner, during ; the hard work aftep the
training season ¦ Is ; well under way tie
before every practice, the bamlago being
taken off at the end of the play.
Sprained or weak ankles cause the play
ers and the trainer a world of trouble.
They are treated by being strapped with
one-inch adhesive tape. Three-fourths oZ
a spool is used per ankle. It, too, Is put
on before practice and taken off at its
close.
Of course, the dubs are not given such
good care. Only men of acknowledged
value to the t?im can be given such at
tention. Yet I tare often had two dozen
knee bandagM and as many ankle tapes
In use In a single game.
Muscle bruises, particularly on the
thighs and calves, are troublesome. Some
times it takes several days to get rid of
them. The muscle hardens and loses its
elasticity. Dry heat and mas3age is used
In treatment of them. #
Insignificant little scratches even mast
be given attention, for the football suits
at best are dirty and sweaty. Blood-poi
soning has to be guarded against.
Scratches and cuts should be washed
with a solution of lysol after every prac
tice. If there la any swelling the player
should be sent to the doctor at once.
All sprains and deep bruises are treated
by massage and the application of heat.
The massage is done with a kneading
motion and In hot olive oil. Simple rub
bing will not reach sprains and bruises.
Such Injuries should be massaged twice a
day. >'."¦,*
The men are allowed baths as they like
?hem, hot or cold, until tw^ weeks before
the game. Then It must be a cold shower
alone. No tub baths po after that.
All the players are rubbed down In the
course of the day. as they can be handled
by the trainer and rubbers.
As the time for the big game approaches
effort Is made to relieve the monotony of
practice. The men are taken on little out-
Ins trips and come back In the evening to
find the training table nicely decorated
;nda few friends present, maybe, to Jolly
them along.
So It Is on the night before the game.
None but the men who have mad" the
varsity or substitute are of any import
ance then, and each of those fortunate
ones Is watched with great sol!c\tude.
Some of the other college boys come to
the quarters and sin? a little or play the
piano, and at 10:30 o'clock the players are
sent to bed.
Generally they go to sleep without any
trouble, but often some of them are nerv
eus, and If they fall asleep they begin to
play the game over and over In their
dreams. A single night of such nervous
r.ess, If a man Is fine, may cause him to go
stale and be no good In the game.
¦ If the trainer finds a man awake or
restless he may talk to him a little or
give him a little ale. and by getting hi3
mind off the game gets him to- fall Into
sound sleep.
The meal before the game la served at
about 11:30 o'clock. It consists of chicken,
toast, peas, baked potatoes, boiled rlcs
and a glass of distilled water.
With such care men may be kept In the.
pink of condition, and whether the game
be easy or a grilling struggle, testing he
roically their powers of endurance, they
are ready to go to It.
average p!aycr eats two anXa'I-.nir pounds
of meat.
Distilled water is furnished the men for
drinking, and occasionally oatmeal water
is given them at the t.'.ble. The trainer
ennnot afford to risk tfct- effects of Im
purities or mineral rubstances In undis
tilled water. Most trainers allow the p'ay-
rubber oan-asre with a cusfjon~of ! SJfton.
These bandages are fifteen feet long and
two inches wide. Druggists carry them
in stock. The bandage is applied in such
a way that pressure is put upon the knee
cap, holding It in place and preventing It
from being wrenched. If a player has a
weak knee, liable to Injury, It is bandaged
Queer Flowers of F?efd and -Garden.-
Did you ever see a field of wild lark
ppur, • with its rich colors— violet-purple,
deep blue, or white?' In the center of each
blossom the four petals form a little rab
bit, with ears , alert and listening. The
white" rabbit Is especially pretty, and no
one can fan to, notice the odd likeness of
the animal forni. .The colored leaves,
which seem to be a part of the flower, are
really, the sepals of the calyx. v
You. can also find; a lark in the flower
by pulling off all the sepals except two.
which are left for the bird's outspread
wings. The long spur, which runs back
ward, is the tapering body and long tail
of the lark. When I was a child It was
great pleasure to see my hidden bird
appear, as the unnecessary sepal* were
removed, and Jt was just in the graceful
act of flight from the stem!
Another flower of the same family, the
wild columbine, takes Its name from co
lumba, a dove, on account of the likeness
of the bright petalB to a group of doves
surrounding a water bowl. As soon as the
colored sepals are removed this likeness
is very obvious.
The snapdragon, one of the charming
flgworts.is another delightful flower to a
child, because he can open the gaping
Jaws of the dragon's m6uth and see Its
furry " tongue,' and ; the spots and . blotches
of color remind him of the leopard's spots
and the tiger's stripes. ¦'" The beafd-tQPgue,
with Its swollen throat. Is one of. the
same grotesque group. The monkey-flower
has only to show Its odd, grinning blos
som to explain its Latin name, which
means a "little joker." or clown — rainrulus.
By the way, the pretty gold and purple
pansles display queer little monkey faces
In their open flowers, which seem to nod
and grimace with every passing breeze.
The turtlehead Is named from Its blosson,
"shaped like a turtle's head with a closed
IN PLACE OF WOOD.
What will we do when the wood Is all
gone? This question has been asked from
the beginning of the settlement of this
country, and the question has been an
swered as rapidly as there was the neces
sity for an answer. "Wood passed out as
fuel; and coal took its place. Wood ls'rap
idly passing out as a building material,
find stone and brick and iron are taking
Its place. Recently the fanners have been
asking what they shall do for permanent
fence posts.
The answer has come in, the discovery
thafmost excellent posts can be made of
sand and Portland cement, prepared the
same as for sidewalk purposes, and mold
ed to the required form. Before it hard
ens holes may be punched where it is de
sired to insert" wires, or slats set In, to
which boards may be nailed.
- .¦_. ..-.«-.-¦
mouth." This, too. is "woolly bearded In
the throat." which adds to its general
qucerness of look. The foxglove sounds
like a German fairy tale, with Master
Reynard concealing his paw In an elf
made clove. The monk's-blood also sug
gests a story, a bad one for the monks,
for If you look well under the dark blue
hood or cowl made by the calyx you will
discover, cunningly hid, two diminutive
hammer-like claw?, the only petals this
flower possesses.
The prettiest blossoms that mimic llf»
are the bee, the butterfly and tho dove
orchid?, and the charming moth-mulleins,
clustered thickly with exquisite purple or
canary yellow, moth-shaped flowers,
ready to 'fly. They carry violet wool to
keep the !ns!de dry from rain, and this
rich tint, with the orange pollen, make
the central part of the blossoms as say as
a tropical butterfly.
The mouse-ear and the dandelion (the
lion's tooth) and the ragged robin also
suggest animal likenesses and. associa
tions, and many plants have seed vessel*
that are shaped like the beaked and tho
spurred foot' of a bird, as the hook-beaked
crowfoot, the cranesblll, or geranium,
from a ¦ Latin word for crane, and many
others.- Like children, the early observers
of nature delighted in odd resemblances,
and made a kind of a fairy story of their
imperfect science.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
17
HOW TO TRAIN A FOOTBALL TEAMBeginning with the historic fleet of Co
lumbus — the Santa Maria, Nina and Plnta
— the first vessels with the exception of
the Bcmi-mythlcal Nora? boats that cross
ed the ocean and floated In our waters,
and which involved the principles under
lying the existing navy of the United
States, It will be seen that while they
were great ships In their day. the largest
of them is a mere cockle shell along-side
of the modem cruiser. The Santa Maria.
the largest of the discoverer's fleet, was
fTv? MERICA for two centuries has led
/j-A\ the world In naval progress, the
ii «> novel products cf Yankee ingenu
ity devised to meet the diverse
conditions of the nation's rapid advance
ment having continually forced the other
maritime powers to modify their systems
cf navigable offense and defense in ac
cordance with the lines adopted on this
eide of the Atlantic The revolving tur
ret of the oriclnal monitor which dis
placed the broadside batteries of every
batUe-line ship on the globe was only one
conspicuous instance of the permanence
of the American idea which has been,
manifested In armor protection, rapid-fire
guns, ram bows, twin and triple screws,
etraigrbt wattr-tube boilers, mobile tor
pedoes, submarine boats, fire proofing and
hundreds of other devices evolved from
the practical experience and farsighted
ness of American naval officers.
Tbe Navy Department has Just been en
riched by a eeries of handscme paintings,
prepared under the direction of Admiral
HIchborn and mounted In the arches
above the doors and windows of the chief
constructor's office, depicting the evolu
tion and apothesis of what must be called
the national naval architecture of this
country from its earliest modest begin
nings to its very latest 'triumphs, present-
Ing chronogically and artistically an ac
curate representative of each famous
type- .;rlL:.
-.-¦--¦ .->-¦¦-¦.
until February, 1O6. She is 251 feet. long,
forty-three feet five Inches wide, twenty
ore feet deep and at a 15-fcot draft dis
places 2155 tons. Her turtle-back deck
. rises only six feet out of water and la
armored all over with steel plates aver-
The paintings are from the brush of
Frank Muller. who was born at Veile.
Denmark, forty-one years ago, and who
studied under Karl Neumann in the Royal
Academy cf Arts at Copenhagen. Mul
ler's father was a Danish artist and he Is
a nephew of Anton Melby. whose "Eddy
stone Light" and other notable marine!
are In the national gallery at London.
Neumann's best known work Is perhaps
that of "Clearing the Point." Muller
served In the Danish navy and was befora
The final painting of the series, repre
senting the culmination of sea. power pro
gress shows the first-class seagoing bat
tleship of the Pennsylvania class for
which designs have just been completed,
and the new Maine with the torpedo boat
destroyer Farragut. The Pennsylvania
class will be of 1G.0OO tons displacement,
or more than seven times that of the Con
stitution, and a speed of nineteen knots
per hour. Their principal dimensions are:
Length, lead water line. 433 feet, beam
seventy-six feet ! and draft twenty-four
feet. The Maine. Missouri and Ohio are
being constructed from identical plans,
respectively at Philadelphia. Newport
News and San Francisco. They are each.
3SS feet long, seventy-two feet two and
a half inches wide and have 12,200 tons dis
placement. The Farragut was commis
sioned just about a year ago on the Pacific
Coast, having been built at the Union
Iron Works, to whose skill the triumphs
of tbe Oregon was attributable. She is
213 feet 6 Inches long, twenty feet teren
and three-quarter Inches wide and at six
feet draft displaces 279 tons. Sh« is th«
fastest vessel In the navy, her trial rec
ord having been 80.13 knots wttli WOO
horsepower.
Island navy yard in 1S33. and is 110 feet
long, twenty-five feet wide and at ten
feet draft displaces 3i" tons.
the mast in merchant snips for twelve
years. He came to "Washington for the
Department of Agriculture and for seven
years painted plants, bugs. etc.. for offi
cial government publications, but for the
past four years he has painted steadily
for the Navy Department. His more not
able canvasses are "The Mayflower,"
which was made for Lei and Stanford Uni
versity, "Paul Jones' Victory," which
hangs In the Army and Navy Club: "Tha
Loss of the Denmark." executed for tha
Scandinavian societies of America for
presentation to the captain of the Mis
souri, who effected the rescue of 1300 per
sons In ' that memorable disaster; "The
Battle Between the Merrimac and tho
Cumberland," in the Corcoran gallery,
and about twenty large paintings of
American warships, which are exhibited
in the Navy Department.
aging six inches thick. TTtr armament
comprises only four slx-pounder rapid
fire guns and the coamings around these,
the armored conning tower and the
smokestack and ventilators are the only
projections above the deck, except the
davits and gallows frames for stowing
the boats. Unfortunately,^ the Katahdin
had no opportunity to display her quali
ties during the Spanish war, when she
was stationed near Cape Cod to defend
Boston from a fleet that never material
ized. The other vessel In this picture Is
the submarine boat, lately purchased by
the Government after exhaustive tests,
which led also to •jontracts for six others
by authority of Congress. Accompanying
these two unique types Is the steel tug
boat Unadilla, , a type of several . which
have be.en constiucted in recent years for
naval use. She was built at the Mare
performed splendid service. The- Minne
sota was built at the Washington navy,
yard in 1S55 and is still afloat as the prac
tice vessel of the Massachusetts Naval : '
Militia, She is 2G4 feet U}4 inches long. 51
feet 4 inches wide and at 23 feet draft of ,
water displaces 4700 tons. She carried
originally a battery of 48 guns, Her en- .
gines, of 1000 horsepower, : were coneld- •
ered only as auxiliary ' power, her large
spread of canvas being mostly relied upon ¦
for propulsion, ,.
The most radical departure from • pre
cedent in the history of warship construe- v
tion came while the Minnesota and ;her ¦ '.
class were still ¦ new and ene of j them,*'
the Franklin, unfinished, ,and is repre- ';
eented in the next painting of the series,
.which, shows the original Monitor, accom*
panled by the latest. development of the
monitor type, the Arkansas and ; class
now building. The Monitor was built by
John Ericsson in 1861, and though Indi
vidually she was the first crude embodi
ment of a scheme to meet an emergency,'
ehe "., revolutionized the navies of the
world. Her wonderful achievements
quickly showed' that spars and sails must
no longer be regarded . as part of a war.
vessel's means of I propulsion and ' that
fighting ships ; must be ' protected by ar
inor.. to ; meet; the, improvements j In ord
nance, "While the low freeboard monitor
type ' has passed out of favor as a deep
sea fighter, there are ; certain ; phases , of
national defense for which many.' author!*
ties consider, its latest development as the
bes$ .yegsel tbat can, ; be devised, ' jmd] ; in,
the Arkansas, _ Connecticut, nonaa *••• *
Wyoming,. now building,. the only radical
departure from' the original ". consists in
providing ' living accommodations for the
otncera and crew above the Wfcter line.
The sixth picture shows the Katahdin
and > the Holland, The former la : in • a
sense . the outcome of the Confederate
ram v TennesBeo. .Admiral Amimen, who
participated, in the battle between that
vessel and the Federal fleet, always there
after held a fixed belief that the rani was
the . most formidable weapon of marine
warfare^ and . finally persuaded ; Congress
to authorize jthe ¦ construction .of a vessel
after his ] designs, which resulted In com
mencing the Katahdin at Bath, Maine, in
July, M891,, Owing to the difficulty in pro-
CWlPf Jier /armor ' she was "not P?mplete4
of luck \ to their babies, and many. quite
tiny children are laden with them, so
great s is the ;. fear .of barm . to . their off
spring,"
In Brittany, soon after birth, a child is
rubbed with oil all over the body and head
in order t*. gftengt£ep,_ U, and, Jj. aoma
In nearly every country there exist
some superstitions with regard to the
treatment of very young children.
Soma,are supposed to bring luck, while
others are used to dispel the , evil spirit,
which Is believed to be In the child from
birth. In some parts of Ireland a belt of
woman's hair worn around the infant's
body is supposed toprotect it from harm,
while the Grecian mother, with the child
in its arms, turns three times around be
fore a' ore to accomplish the same end.
Cruel to be kind seems the Spanish
treatment of sweeping a baby'a face with
a pine bough, that good luck may follow
it in life. Another treatment which seema
almost barbaric to us is the custom in
Holland of putting Into tbs cradle of a.
newly born child, steak, bread and gar Ho.
Amulets and charms/ of . various kinds
seem to the Turks te be the best bringers
Odds ar\d Cn d S From £V^yV/!^e-
cases still a few drops of brandy are laid
on the lips of the child to make it a trua
Breton. Beside these Quaint customs,
ours of putting an egg or coin into an
infant's hand for luck on first visiting- it
looks quite insignificant. Some old wives
have it that an Infant's temper Is Influ
enced for life by the person who ¦ first
kisses it. After all. these old wives' tales
are very harmless.
After trying every conceivable fabric
and leather in the make-up of their "mo
toring clothes." French chauffeurs have
decided that kangaroo leather is the ideal
material. It is warm, pliable, sheds tho
rain and retains its appearance under tha
most adverse weather conditions.
The Pennsylvania Railroad's ferryboats
are the only craft around New York on
which the law against* the carrying o£
gasoline-driven vehicles is enforced, ' *i
,
A saving ef fifteen minutes per trip is
the result of tn'e New York postofflco of
ficials' recent test of motor ?ehictes in
c^lectln^m£h^^downt_ovn flUtttcW."
The milkmen wno supply the city of
Baltimore have been planning how to set
the most out of the product of the cow,
and have recently started a plant which
.turns the lacteal fluid Into every com-*
pound which can be made from it. The
machinery which is used converts the
milk as It comee from the cow into what
|» called clarified milk, for the morning's
coffee: Into cream, icecream, butter and
buttons, as well as combs, paper weights,
brush tops and other articles can be
made. This is called lactroid, ?
The plant used is an old skating rink,
where the ice was frozen artificially. The
milk dealers formed a company, purchas
ed the place and use the refrigerating
machinery for cooling purposes and for
making icecream, The apparatus is so ar*
ranged that from the time the milk is
poured from the cans into the receiving
vats everything ts done automatically, the
only hand work being to place the bottles
in the cold storage department and delivr
.«• wairons- to flavor the icecream and to
!£e fifStroId before grinding it in the
The Baltimore plant Is the only one of
Its kind in the United States, and j it Is
claimed that less than 1 per cent of the
products of the milk Is wasted. The fluid
comes In at one end of the building and
goes out of the other In various shapes,
the only waste being a watery fluid which
runs like a drain. The.mllk for coffee Is
tested In a laboratory and the proportion
of cream It contains stamped on each bot
tle. The company supplies from 6000 to
10,000 gallons of coffee milk dally, while
500 gallons rf icecream an hour are turned
out in the freezers operated by steam
power. In addition to this nearly three
tons of buttons, a half ton of echjneer
kase and a ton of Sactrold are produced
every twenty-four hours. Such has been
the success ef the plant that the machin
ery is being Increased to handle 25,000 gal
lons of tho raw material every twenty,
four hours,
An annex te the plant is a biff icecream
garden, where hundreds of people , enjoy
the delicacy, every night. to the music of
an orchestra. This Is also operated by
the company, and considerably increases
(be consumption, q{ its icecream,
Now 7h& Make Wk Tn^o Buttons.
about €3 feet long and cf about wo tons
burden. The Nina was not more than 45
feet In length, and the Pinta was still
smaller.
There Is a gap cf two centuries from the
time of the caravels until the first naval
vessel iras built In this country. This cel
ebrated ship was the Falkland, represent
ed In the second picture of the series. She
was completed at Portsmouth. N. H.. in
1C90, and was presented to the English
Government by the colonists. She was of
C37 tons burden, carried 54 guns and acrew
cf 226 men and was formally added to the
royal navy March 2. 1635.
The next picture shows our historic-
Constitution, built at Boston In 1797. and
riot only still In existence but by au
thority of Congress and with the sub
scriptions of patriotic women soon to be
thoroughly rehabilitated. She was one of
the finest frigates afloat in her time and
her nurarrous class that for fifty years
ruled the eeas there was I t}t little change
until the advent of steam, and the next
picture represents two tj'pes of the earlier
steam frigates, the Powhattan and the
Minnesota. The former was a sldewheel
vessel, built at Philadelphia In 1850. She
was of 39S0 tons, carrying 17 guns, and
continued In active service until 1S37,
when she was condemned and sold. Tho
Minnesota was of a clast of six powerful
auxiliary steam frigates which were In
their day the best war vessels in tb«
world. To this class belonged the Roan
oke and Merrimac, both cut down and
converted into Ironclads at the beginning
of the Civil "War, or.e by the Federal and
the other by the Confederate authorities;
the Franklin, in which Admiral Farragut
made his tour of European ports after the
close of the war, and the Colorado and
the Wabayh. All were excellent ships and
THE SUNDAY CALL.
is 175 feet lone, 45 feet wide and whenf
ready for sea drew 20 feet of water with
2200 tons displacement! No American:
needs to be told her history, which, as
Secretary Long has recently said. Is the
cornerstone of our naval glory.
From the days of tlie Constitution, and
18
THE EVOLUTION OF OUR NAVYTHE SUNDAY CALX..
Professor B. Tyler of; Indianapolis says
that human life would average three of
four times longer than it does if people
"'ould reject the senseless practice -of
cooking their food. Animals and fowl
live much longer in proportion to the
period of full development than man.
Says Professor, Tyler: "Man, for rome
unknown reason, eats dead cells \ (cooked
cells) to replace' the dead cells ' that have '
been separated from the body. In cook-
Ing food all the acids and gases so neces
sary for, the conservation and preserva
tion of ideal health escape with the steam,
and the food retains a greater supply of
ash. lime and other such substances than
nature • requires f or • the amount ' of ' food ;
taken Into the system."
Two instances showing how tenacious
of life lobsters and. cod are are related la
a bulletin of the United States Fish Com
mission. In the fall of 1339 about twenty
lobsters were l$ft in a car in the "basin"
at a Fish Commission wharf. Near tna
end of March, I9Q0, when the car was
opened, all seemed to be in a perfectly
healthy condition.
On the conclusion of the fishing for
brood cod in the fall of 1S93 fourteen cod
'weighing from four to six pounds, taken
with hand-lines off Nomans Land or Nan
tucket, were inadvertently left in the well
of the Grampus and not discovered until
April. 1900.. These flsrrwere placed In tha
well not later than November 13, possibly
some days before. During this time they
had not been fed and had only such food
as came throogn the holes in the welL
When released In Gloucester harbor on
April 16 they were found to be lively and
strong, although somewhat emaciated,
and it was noticed that their backs and
sides were much darker than normal,
while the belly was unusually light col
bred.
:
trick all the same and ver- valuable in a
"One of the best offhand shots I ever
knew was a cowpuncher named BUI
Ralney. He attributed his skill to the
habit of laying his Index finger along the
barrel of the sixshooter. *I don't p'lnt the
gun.' he said; 'I Just' p'int my finger and
then let her go Gallagher!' There was
probably more in that practice than BUI
himself suspected. We are accustomed
from infancy to pointing at things wa
desire to indicate, and no doubt uncon
sciously cultivate the very sense of direc
tion of which you were speaking a fer»
moments ago. I have seen Ralney knock
over an oyster can five times out of six
at a distance of over fifty feet without
doing a particle of sighting, and firing"
almost as quickly as he could pull tne
trigger. One, of his pet tricks was to
wheel and fire, and the accuracy with
which he could plant a bullet while his
body was still turning was marvelous.
One thing I noticed In particular m re
gard to shooting without taking aim alons
the barrel was that It must b« done very
quickly, or the bullet Is almost certain to
fly wide of its mark. If there is any hesi
tation or attempt to calculate the direc
tion It Is safe to wager on a miss. Th«
cowboy3 who were most expert at this
style seemed to find their target by a. sort
ot Instinct and pulled the trigger the
moment the arm was fully extended.
Aside from Billy Rainey and his index
finger theory I never encountered any
body who was able to throw any light
on the performance. When questioned
the cowpunchers would look bewildered
and say there was a "kind of Knack about
It,' and beyond that were evidently at sea
themselves."— New Orleans Times-Demo
crat. '¦, _
DEAD SHOTS WITHOUT
I've heard a good many stories
jj about 'hip shooting,' " said a veteran
Ii hunter of this city, "but I never saw
but one man who professed to be able
to do the trick. He was aphyslcian named
Webster, who' came from somewhere near
Charleston, S. C. I hunted' with him
twice at Asheville, and on each occasion
he gave some remarkable exhibitions of hl3
skill. He used an old-fashioned Parker
breechloader, 12-bore, and when he shot
from the hip he grasped the stock Just
behind the hammer with his right hand,
and held the barrel firmly in his left.some
eight or- nine inches below the muzzle.
The flat of the stock was pressed against
his right side at the top of the hip bone
and a little to the front, so he did not
face the object he shot at. but had it
quartering on his left. I am sure about
these details, because i' watched him par
ticularly.
' "The first thing I saw. him knock over
was a rabbit, which was loping across a
plowed field. He steadied the gun for an
Instant, with a gesture that reminded me
somehow of a man holding a billiard cue,
and* then blazed away. The rabbit
dropped. Afterward I saw him shoot a
lark on the wing and two other birds sit
ting. He afterward missed a couple of
wing shots, but I saw enough to convince
me that there was no accident about his
first work. He didn't pretend to shoot as
well from the hip as from the shoulder,
and admitted frankly that he couldn't
bring down difficult game. such, for in
stance, as snipe. 'I can hit about three
out of five,' he said, 'when I pick my own
conditions," and I believe he could do even
better.
"When I asked him how he did It he
laughed. 'There is no mystery about hip
shooting,' he said, 'and It 13 a great mis
take to suppose It • Is necessary to look
over the sights in order to hit- things.
How does an archer bring . down flylnsr
birds? He doesn't look along thcarrow;
he shoots by sense of direction, and I do
the same thing with a gun. It isn't every
body who possesses this sense of direc
tion,' he added, 'but those who have It—
perhaps one out of three— can learn hip
shooting without difficulty.' "
"I believe there Is a good deal In the
•sense-ofrdirection' theory," said another
sportsman in the group. "I lived in the
West five or six years, and I know for a
certainty that nearly all of the best off
hand pistol shots among the cowboys
fired without aiming— I mean without
sighting in the usual manner along the
barrel. They would look at the target In
stead of the weapon, and would generally
give Tthelf pistols a alight' forward thrust
before pulling the trigger. It was done on
the Instant, and those who were clever at
It? could I be fairly confident \ of hitting a
mark the size of a man's hat at say. fifty
paces. Noneof them/clalmed to be able
to } shoot as -accurately that way : as he
could ¦ by sighting:, -but , It r was a - pretty
and what part of the page. There are
students with that kind of memory who
prepare their recitations by taking a
large sheet of paper and writing different
parts of the lesson In different places on
the paper. They then rely on their sense
of location to call to 'mind whatever they
may wish to remember.
Again there are people who have a keen
eye for color. They will make their mem
oranda on slips of paper of different col
ors. Then simply calling to mind a par
ticular color will enable them to remem
ber the memorandum associated with that
color.
Some people who can remember words
and phrases find difficulty In remembering
figures or numbers. In such cases a curi
ous expedient has sometimes been resort
ed to. A phrase will be devised, the initial
letters of which suggest the figures sought
to be remembered. For example, suppose
some one's street number to be 1S2. Tho
suggestive phrase might be "I seek him."
The letter I will suggest the figure I: the
letter S somewhat resembles an 8, and the
two perpendicular strokes of the H sug
gest the Roman numeral II. A rounda
bout method this mav'be, but' it has
served to fasten figures in the memory
of the people who had previously found
them troublesome.
But perhaps the most troublesome way
in the long run is simply by. repetition
and effort to fix the thing In the memory
directly without tricks'of memory or ar
tificial methods. By memorizing one sen
tence or verse a day from the best liter
ature the mind will soon have a fine
treasure of beautiful thoughts and an en
riched vocabulary, '. Dr.; "William Punshon,
a great English preacher, diu this, and
his fine prose may have been largely due
to his familiar acquaintance with the best
literature.
For quotation purposes' it Is necessary
to remember verbatim andthough this Is
the hardest task of memory it well repays
the effort. Once trained the memory will
be able to recall the exact woxds of con
versations, sermons ' and passages in
books without having made any conscious
effort to commit them.
§OQD FOR A
poor MSMORy.
mAXT people complain of having
a poor memory and yet that fac
ulty can be developer as easily
as can the biceps muscles. Nojr^
Is It necessary to go to any professor of
memory cr to master anl elaborate sys
tem in order to accomplish this result.
One does not have to gro to a gymnasium
to strengthen one's arm or back. Sawing
wood or rowing a boat will do It. Simi
larly memory reay be cultivated by one's
cwn efforts and amid one's — dinary pur
euits.
One man made the Sunday service of
his church serve as a metnorv exercise
After the service he would endea\'or to
recall the numbers of all the hymr.s sung,
the chapter and verse of the Scripture
lesson, words of anthem texts and points
of termon. This required the paying of
close attention and a consciove effort to
Impress these things upon his mind. By
this and other equally simple means he
developed a memory that was absolutely
at hi* command.
Famous speakers who have memorised
their speeches have adopted vp^ious sim
ple devices to aid them. The late Hon.
John Bright fixed In Ms mind the differ
ent points in his speeches by first draw-
Ing little flguvs or pictorial representa
tions. If part of his speech had to do with
a bridge he would make a little sketch cf
euch a structure, or «I with Ireland or
Scotland he would sketch a small map of
the country' or the district. H could re
member these figures or pictures. When
he rose to his feet he could see them lr.
imagination and select them one by one
as he proceeded from point to point in
his address— net having any note or man
uscript by him at all. That was th«
method that best suited him.
Another way of memorizing the points
of an address to be delivered, one which
the writer has 'frequently used, is by
means of anagrams. It Is very simple.
Suppose one were called, upon to deliver
a Fourth of July oration and wished to
epeak mainly upon these three points:
Q) Historic origin of the day, (2) the suc
cess cf the experiment in government
then inaugurated, and (3) the jdestlny of
the .republic. A very suitable anagram to
recall these po' r <ts to mind would be the
letters U. S: A. He could set bis topics
dov.n in this way:
Ur.lcn proclaimed by Declaration of In-
dependence.
Success of experiment in government.
After the present, what?
He does not reed to take any notes with
him on the 'platform. He can easily re
member these letters. Remembering
them they recall his topics. And remem-.
bering the general topic It will Itself sug
gest any subdivisions pertaining to it.
Certain people posses* what may. be
called the bump of location. If they re
member a passage m- a book they can
tell you which eide of the page it Is on
the chiefs In Ceylon and India sought spe
cial marks of distinction- for themselves
and their children by plercli.- the left
nostril and setting a Jewel In it.
The old Papuan chief wore necklaces of
row upon row of mussel shells and
thought himself very Imposing Indeed.
The ladleyof civilized countries are satis
fled to adorn their arms and hands with
bracelets and rings, but a- Tamil -woman,
who does not bother about shoes and
stockings, has bracelets around her an
kles and rings on her toes. *
As long -sobes; appeared to give dignity
attempts were made to add to dlgnlfle.1
appearance by long earrings, reaching
sometimes as far as the shoulders.
The Japanese, with their, keen percep
tion of art, have developed the most es
thetic and graceful of costumes, as worn
by their, street dancers, combining dignity
and freedom of movement.
Among the Algerians, however, the de-
Flre for display has far outrun any Idea
¦of art. and the ladles of the nobility load
'their heads and the heads of their chil
dren wiyi a mass of Jewels.
Among the Kaffirs are larjre balls worn
on the foreheads of the warriors as an
incitement to march. straight forward.
Tie purpose of gaining height la served
The use of colored leaves, ac practice!
by charm of the wearer by the gleam o?.
the colors— this is the first -step towari
the use of Jewels.
The advance toward jewelry starte-1
even more grimly among some savages,
whose first bracelets consisted of th<
lower Jaw of some human being. Bui
feminine fancy advanced by leaps and
strides and no sooner were Jewels strung
together as necklaces 'than thsw-tvea qJ
WHEN madam puts oa her Jewels
to no to the ball little does she
think that In the long ago these
necklaces, earrings and bracelets
meant far more than they do to her.
I>r. JZrr.'A Selenka. a professor at__the_
Colvfnltjr of Munich; has Just made an
exhaustive study of the origin of orna
ments — a study of human vanity and its
significance among primitive peoples. He
finds that ornaments, whether dress,
which was worn as an ornament long be-
fore It was thought of In any other way,
cr nose rings and earrings, were a kind of
pictorial language.
But ornament speaks a universal lan
guage. Is In itself a kind of volapuk. To
illustrate: Long robes are universally
recognized as a symbol of dignity, for tho
man or woman in a 'ong robe must walk
Elowly, not run. Here lies the explanation
of the difficulties encountered in wean
ing woman from . trailing- dresses. They
bespeak her dignity— therefore she will
not wear short or divided skirts.
.Even;' the- most primitive savages dc
vote'gTeat Jhought, and care to. thg mat;,
ter of ornament. The Lango chief loads
his head with snake skins and feather*
to Inspire terror in the hearts of his ene
mies, while the Indian fakir lets his hair
fall over his body In long strands to In
eplre reverence. j , t
crown calls special attention to the head
referring to the leadership of the Kins
or Queen. The bracelet points to tho
power of the arm— the consciousness of
power. Tha flo-wer In the hair attract3
attention to the color and arrangement
of the headdress.
Cultured nations, however, strive to put
aside personal adornment: their delight
lies in the forest and --sea. mountains and
clouds, the starry host— In fine, the Cos
mos. V
among some savages by a tall headdres*
or by the wearing of a large head cover
ing. "When this Is very broad It symbol*
izes power. The frizzing of the hall
among women of Madagascar Is lntendci
likewise to add to their dignity.
The customs of sta'.nlns the body with
earth and dyes and or tattooing are vers
ancient, serving the double purpose of
decoration' and marks of distinction. The
Tamil goldsmith Is decorated In this fash-
Ion as a mark of his worship of Siva.
The boring of the nose and lips, forbid
ding: as it seems to us. is highly regarded
j by- fashionable Australian:.- and Afrlean*
savages.
To 'sum up the results of these observa
tions: Ornament is Intended to attract
attention to the wearer and Inspire awe
In the beholder. AH ornaments are sym
bolic of the power of the wearer. The
19
WHY WE WEAR ORNAMENTSTHE SUJsl>A Y* OAL.JL.
20BRYAN GOES THE ICEMAN'S ROUTE.
A DISPATCH FROM NEW YORK ANNOUNCING THE PROGRAMME FOR LAST NIGHT'S ' MEETINGS
THERE CONTAINED THE FOLLOWING: "MR. BRYAN IS SCHEDULED TO SPEAK FROM HIS
CARRIAGE AT TWENTY OF THE MEETINGS."
cratic Committee had designated this as
"flag, day," ' and the national banner
played an important and spectacular part
In the celebration. Portraits of BTyan
and Stevenson were also numerous a^long
the broad street. The weather was per
fect for an outdoor demonstration.
Along both" sides of State street speak
ers' stands had been, erected at short dis
tances apart, and from these points Dem
¦ ocratlc orators of national prominence ad
dressed the portions of the multitude
the half-mile of street known as the
"Court of Honor." The great thorough
fare, nearly twice the width of any other
street In Chicago, was thronged from Van
Buren to Randolph street with a cheer
ing, jostling, perspiring mass of people.
Chairman Jone3 of the National Demo-
in the "Court of Honor."
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.— Probably the larg
est outdor political mass meeting ever or
ganized In Chicago was held to-night in
DEMOCRATIC STREET MEETINGS
Adlai E. Stevenson the Chief Speaker
Glory from the wagon; tore President
McKinley's picture into shreds and as
saulted the speakers with mallets, bricks,
tin cans arid paving blocks. A riot call
was turned in from one of the factories
near by and a wagon load of policemen
from the- Chicago-avenue station quelled
the disturbance.
The speakers most serlous.ly Injure-1
were Judge W. W. Frost of Missouri and
Attorney O. H. McConoughey of Chicago.
McConoughey was beaten with a mallet
on the head and rendered unconscious.
) i Judge Frost was struck with a brick In
the right. side while chasing a man who
tore down the Stars and Stripes. Another
brick dislocated his left elbow and dis
abled him from further duties for the day.
The riot occurred In front of the factory
of the Hawley Down Draft Furnace Com
pany, at Superior and Townsend streets,
at noon. The factory of the Illinois Can
Company Is across the street from the
furnace company's plant. Workmen from
the two factories were gathered to hear
the speaking, and maae the audience
about 1000 persons. The disturbing ele
ment of Democrats in the crowd did not
number more than 200. After the riot was
over the prosperity wagon was drawn
back to the Republican headquarters, on
Congress street, with the banners torn
into rags and the emblems of plenty mu
tilated.
CHICAGO. Oct. 27.— A Democratic mob
on Friday attacked prosperity wagon No.
1, from which Republican speakers were
telling of the benefits of the past four
years of Republican. rule, tore down Old
Biles Thrown at Speakers.
The Chicago and Alton employes es
corted a float representing a parlor chair
car. Near the center of the parade,
borne aloft on poles by a hundred men,
was a huge banner, a block in length. In
scribed "McKinley and Roosevelt and four
years more or" prosperity." '
A 60-foot plank, gilded and properly in
scribed, was borne on the shoulders of
flfty uniformed men.
REVIEW OF PARADE.
The parade was reviewed by Senators
Hanna, Mason and Cullom, National Com
mltteeman Henry C. Payne, Perry S.
Heath and others from the balcony of the
Grand Pacific Hotel, and aronnd this point
the greatest enthusiasm of the parade
was shown. Senator Hanna especially
was cheered by the marchers and was
kept busy responding to the salutations.
Many out-of-town organizations were
represented in the parade. The most
prominent was a delegation of. 130 from
the A.merieus Club of Pittsburg, who were
guests of the* Hamilton Club. Big march
ing clubs were also present from Rock
ford, Dixon and Deering, 111., and from
many of the near-by suburban towns.
REPUBLICANS- ATTACKED.
American Flag. Torn Down and Mis-
Hoodlum followers of Bryan tried in vain to mar the magnificent Republican procession in Chi
cago yesterday. In the great pageant were workingmen from all the industries of tho lake city and
many representatives from business and professional circles. There* were 150,000 men in line and this
monster parade of voters was in motion from 10 a. m. until 4:30 p. m.
Mr. Stevenson and the rest of the orators
nearest at hand. The chief speaker was
Adlai E. Stevenson, the other orators be
ing Senator-elect Joseph C. S. Blackburn
of Kentucky, Congressman Joseph W.
Bailey of Texas.* Webster Davis. ex-Gov
ernor Hogg of Texas, Benjamin F. Shiv«
ley of Indiana. Captain Patrick O'Ferrell
of Washington, D. C. Colonel John I.
Martin of Missouri. Samuel L. Alschuler.
Democratic candidate for Governor of
Illinois, and Mayor Carter H. Harrison of
Chicago, besides a score of local speakers.
were driven rapidly from one stand to an
other and were thus enabled to make
their arguments heard by thousands of
people.
The Illumination of the Court of Honor
was begun as soon as darkness set in. and
soon after from Randolph to Van Buren
streets it was a solid blaze of light. The
crowds began to gather early and soon
the broad thoroughfare was one mass of
shouting, enthusiastic humanity, through
which it was almost impossible for the
police to secure passage for the carriages
containing the orators of the evening.
Fireworks were shot oft* and Democratic
ward clubs and ward organizations from
all parts of the city added their numbers
and their enthusiasm to the. excitement
of the celebration.
Mr. Stevenson arrived at noon from
Mllwaukea and was entertained at dinner
by the Iroquois Club, followed by a re
ception. Later in the afternoon Mr."Ste
venson was joined at the Iroquoia Club
rooms by Senator Blackburn and th©
other speakers. Shortly after 7 o'clock
the orators were driven to the State
street stands and the speaking 1 began.
Mr. Stevenson was greeted at all points
with the greatest enthusiasm-
AXI* CANDIDATES WITHDRAW.
Union Labor Party in Montana Ac-
cepts Fusion Ticket.
HELENA, Mont.. Oct. 27.— At midnight
last night the central committee of tha
Union Labor party, which had been U
session all night, filed with the Secretary
of State the resignation of J. A. Fergu
son, candidate for Governor, and • tho
resignations of the other candidates oa
the State ticket, together with the nom
inations of candidates on the fusion
Democratic and^Populist tickets to fill the
vacancy. The Union Labor party now had
ex-Governor James K. Toole, fusion can
didate for Governor, at the head of its
ticket. The fusion ticket is the William
A. Clark ticket, against which are now
opposed the independent, or Dalyites. and
Republicans. Ferguson says he withdrew
to secure the election of Toole, as ho
had no chance of winning himself. This
was the last day In which nominations
. could be made.
Just a Yellow Journal Yarn.
KETW YORK, Oct. 27.— Referring to the
charges that he had upheld trusts, in a
speech at the Fifth Avenue Hotel last
night Senator Scott of "West Virginia said:
"I did not say anything that could be
construed to mean what Is Implied In the
published report. I did not say anything
resembling what I am reported as saying.
We were at a private dinner and no
speeches were made."
John Barrett at Ventura.
VENTURA. Oct. 27.— Hon. John Barrett,
former Minister to Slam, addre33ed a large
gathering on national Issues at Union
Hall this evening. It was one of the
greatest meetings of the campaign. The
hall was crowded and many were turned
away. F. W. Baker, chairman of the Re
publican County Central Committee, pre
sided and Introduced the speaker.
.
Oppose Stanford Amendment.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 27. — An open meeting of
the Grange was held to-dav for the pur
pose of discussing the proposed amend
ment to the constitution exempting Stan
ford University property from taxation.
The sentiment of the majority was against
the amendment.
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.— For six hours
and a half to-day workingmen
from every branch of industry in
Chicago, lawyers, merchants, rail
road men and financiers, marched
through the downtown streets of the city
In the parade of Republican voters, which
was planned as the culmination of the na
tional campaign In Chicago. Between two
solid lines of spectators stre'.che.} frcm the
starting pclnt of the long march on Mich
igan avenue to its disbanding place on
Jackson boulevard, near the river, and un
derneath thousands of flags and banners
stretched between the big buildings and
waving from the windows and roofs, the
paraders tramped from 10 In the morning
until 4:30 in the afternoon.
The day was practically a holiday in
Chicago. The Eoard of Trade, the banks
and many of the big downtown stores
were closed, and the residence districts
were practically deserted, while the peo
ple massed themselves along the miles of
tortuous march and applauded to their
heart's content.
The day was a perfect one. Hardly a
cloud flecked the sky, while a cool breeze
from Lake Michigan tempered the warm
rays of the sun and kept fluttering the
flags and streamers which decorated the
line of march, and lifted high in the air
the scores of Immense kites from which
were suspended "McKinley and Prosper
ity" banners. «i— -» ~r* -* •
START OF THE PARADE.
Promptly at 10 o'clock the head of the
parade, composed of a double line of po
lice and followed by Chief Marshal E. C.
Young and stafT, moved from the starting
point at Michigan avenue and Randolph
street, and from that time the marchers,
with scores of bands playing all kinds of
music— good, bad and indifferent— tramped
steadily over the granite pavements past
the reviewing stand on Jackson boule
vard" to Jackson and Market streets,
where /they disbanded. At nearly every
point along, the ljne of parade, the march
ers, cheering, waving flags, blowing horns
and singing campaign songs as they filed
by, were cheered in return by the densely
packed masses on the sidewalks, but here
and there a counter demonstration In fa
vor Of Bryan was made by the throngs,
and in one instance' almost a riot took
place in consequence.
BRYAN ROUGHS APPEAR.
In front of the City Hall, on Washing
ton street, were gathered a crowd of en
thusiastic Bryan shouters. all waving pic
tures of the Democratic Presidential can
didate. Some one in the crowd on the
walk threw a potato into the ranks of a
West Side marching club going by. The
potato hit a «marcher in the eye and
forced him to leave the* ranks. Another
marcher plunged Into the crowd and forc
ed his way to the thrower. In an instant
there was a free-for-all fight. Three com
panies of the marchers broke ranks and
with uplifted canes rushed into the strug
glingi shouting mass on the sidewalk.
It took. vigorous work by over thirty po-
licemen before things were quieted down,
and in the meantime black eyes and gory
noses had accumulated to an alarming ex
tent. ¦
MANY UNIQUE FEATURES.
The parade was replete' with unique fea
tures. Well up toward the : head of the
parade arid preceding the members of the
Marquette Club, who were in tallyhos,
two" elephants lumbered along, bearing on
their sides banners Inscribed "G. O. P."
These were the mascots of the Marquette
Club. Close- behind the elephants came a
diminutive' donkey labeled "I am a sound
money, donkey." . , 7~
The Hamilton Club contributed a float
bearing a stuffed elephant appropriately
decbrted arid bearing ; various legends.
Furnaces in full; blast, with .rows of per
spiring, workmen, took the fancy of the
crowd, as 'did an enormous dinner pall
mounted on "• trucks ! and f estooned with
canvas ; hams and loaves of . bread. .
Workingmen From All Branches of Industry, Law
yers, Merchants, Railroad Men and Financiers
Join in a Triumphal Turnout.
Chicago the Scene of a Vast Army of
Marchers Who Would Continue the
Country's Present Conditions.
PROSPERITY OF THE NATION SHOWN
BY A GREAT REPUBLICAN PROCESSION
Special Dispatch to The Call
"UponthlsVsubJect' Senator Perkins and myself have made no decision yet. nor will we until after the election."
Senator Perkins also said It had been agreed - between himself and Senator Bard to make no selection until alter
election. '-•; The »' two; Senators have reached an understanding In regard to the collectorship that there shall bo no sep
arate recommendations; that is. they. will unite upon some . prominent business man of San Francisco, but they will not
make their selection until after, the 'close of the campaignr
,. •. ; i • ¦ ,v f .. ".i ¦¦ • ¦¦,: -vf: ¦'-' -..:•¦'.. —
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 27.— No candidate has been decided upon for the San Francisco port collcctorship to succeed
the late John P.~ Jackson. -Senators Bard and Perkins were both seen to-night by The Call correspondent in regard
to 'the matter. Senator Bard said:
Bard and .Perkins Agree That There Shall Be
epLLECTGRSHIP GOES OVER UNTIL
AFTER THE CLOSE OF THE CAMPAIGN
:"It now ask Mr. Bryan /whether his
views' are; still 'the same as they .were
when -he made .these . two speeches, and '. If
so, [ why he refuses to ; meet the question
now; when .he then, said that . Congress
ought to meet it.". , . . '. \. , .. .... .
V 'The ¦ present Secretary of the Treas
ury, (Mr." Carlisle) - has construed the law
to mean that the option really- applies to
the note • holder: and' the same'. principle
has; been applied* to the -greenbacks, i
find the English language hardly adequate
to express my. feelings on I that subject.
There-is not a j lawyer "that would apply'
such . a doctrine v in anything '.except
finance. l.am v in favor , of the construc
tion that'the Government has .the option
•and can exercise it. to^pay in silver when
It wants to.;! And 1 if we. have It,' why hot
exercise It. and notrturnover our-flnances
• to - the control Tot ? those .who ,' conspire • to
defeat. the purposes of the Government?! '--,
, The Governor also quotedfrom another
speech in the House' ; of Representatives
on December 22,' 1889, in which Mr. .'Bryan
¦ Roosevelt then quoted frbnVa speech by
.Mr. . Bryan in "i the - House" of Representa
tives on February 14, 1895, In which the
latter said: ".-. y-.
" 'We should compel President | Cleve-'
land to protect; the Government- by re
deeming In silver. when: that la more con
venient. We believe that greenbacks, and
treasury notes "are Redeemable in • either
gold or silver at the option of the Govern
ment/ "
"I have hitherto asked Mr. . Bryan in
vain to answer whether, if elected, he. will
pay the outstanding obligations in gold or
in silver; that is,- whether' iMs> the". Secre
tary of>the Treasury or the creditors who
have the right to choose the coin in which
t<f be. paid. 'Air.* Bryan 'having failed to
answer.I willanswer. . I will now change
the form of my question!"
At Middletovvn : Governor . Roosevelt
spoke to an audience' which tilled the op
era-house. The Governor said in part: •"
"Not much," repeated the Governor, ap
provingly, catching; the import of, what
was said, but not the .words. "If he did
that," continued the Governor, "he would
not give liberty to the Filipinos any more
than he would give liberty to the Apaches
in Arizona by hauling down the flag, there
from the Apache reservation.. You would
give Apaches license to scalp people, and
you would give license to certain Malay
bandits and half-breeds to do far worse
than that. These . islands would be
trampled into a, bloody mud by these
eighty-four warring tribes, and some oth
er nation would step in and do the 'work
we left, leaving us hanging our heads be
cause we had played the part of the cra
ven and the weakling." : : . ; .
"Not yet," said some one in the crowd.
"I have a right to appeal to those who
carry the flag. Mr. Bryan has said that it
is his purpose to haul down that flag in
the Philippines." ... .. .
minutes was made, Governor Roosevelt
said, referring to a campaign club* which
carried the American flag:
h^ INGHAMTON, N. T.. Oct. 27.—
8LJ Completing over 1100 miles of
g jfr travel and having made Over fifty
*™^ speeches, Governor Roosevelt fin
ished the first week of his State
campaign in this city to-night. This was
Governor Roosevelt's forty-third birth
day. The Special train was discarded by
the party, here and hotel beds were, adopt
ed for resting, purposes to-night. Speak
ing here to-night, Governor Roosevelt
said:
"The other day at Yonkers Mr. Bryan
said that it was better for Mexico that
we did not keep possession of the,coun
try. The United States never wished to
keep possession of Mexico, but letv; Mr.
Bryan compare the progress that has been
made in New Mexico, which we did take,
with what -went .on before and ho will
speedily make up his mind that it . has
greatly prollted by being put under our
flag. Incidentally,. if Mr. Bryan will look
up the history of the Territory of New
Mexico he will see that he need not be
concerned about Porto Rico. We governed
New Mexico at first exactly as we are
governing Porto Rico. No.w we give
largely a measure of self-government, to
its people, just as we have given such a
measure to Porto Rico. For titty years
.New Mexico has been kept as a Teerltory,
yet Mr. \ Bryan • does not talk about the
consent of the governed in New Mexico.
As a matter of fact, I believe New Mex
ico should 1 now be a State, but itwpuld
have been folly to have admitted it to
statehood for the forty odd years after
we took possession. In the same, way it
would be folly now to administer the gov-;
ernment of Porto: Rico save as .we are
actually administering it. One" Bryanite
advocate the other day quoted the elder
Adams, a signer of the Declaration of In
dependence and the flrst President after.
Washington, as an anti-expansionist, but
in reality Mr. Adams in a letter : to Sen
ator Quincy of February 9. 1S11, explicitly
states that the constitution admits of (to
use his own words) 'conquering by kind
ness or force alien territory'.' »
"I doubt if there was a single statesman
worthy of" the name among those who
founded this Government who ever adopt
ed in Eerious earnestness the extreme po
sition now "occupied by Mr. Bryan."
At Callicoon depot the Governor ap-.
pealed j to his hearers < on the grounds , of
gelf-interest and patriotism. He . dwelt
upon the prosperity of things now as com
pared with four or five years back and
said:
"Mr. Bryan • Is making* his -canvass
against. the honor, of the flag precisely as
the copperheads ¦ from- 1S61 to '¦ 1865 ' made
their canvass against' the honor: of Vine
flag. It is profanation for him,, standing
as ho does, to dare to quote Abraham Lin
coln when he" is following In the footsteps
of those who vilified \ Lincoln i and ""de
nounced the men who fought" for; the na
tion.as Lincoln's hlrelings.'Just as", Mr.
Bryan and. those like him . denounce our
soldiers at the present day.'.' • '• ¦
'At Long Eddy/where* another stop of ten
garden was filled and the police stopped
further entry, at 7 o'clock. Then the 'late
comers turned their attention to the two
outside stands. The principal on© was at
Madison avenue and Twenty-fourth street
and was brilliantly illuminated.
The many smaller stands used by the
Republicans on Friday night were still in
place and these had been decorated with
lanterns and lights, and speakers mounted
these and made speeches. ¦ At Madison
square Garden Mr. Bryan was noisily re
ceived. ¦ . • • ¦
¦ "We need them," he said, "moro than
Republicans need similar clubs, for we
must do- by volunteers what Republicans
can ¦ hire done. We must rely upon ' them
and their members to aid in perfecting
the organization throughout the country.
We must rely upon them to raise the
money to provide for meetings and to cir
culate .literature, and our club organiza
tions have not been more effective than
in this campaign.
"In searching for a text for this even--
Ing's speech I found a passage in Prov
erbs which sets forth the thought which
I desire" to impress upon . you. You will
nnd it in the twenty-second chapter and
twenty-eighth ver?e: 'Remove not the an
cient landmarks which thy fathers have
set.' — • ¦ • .
''The Democratic party is the conserva
tive party of to-day, the Republican party
the revolutionary party. The Democratic
party is . defending time-honored prin
ciples; the Republican party is urging'ex
periments. The Democratic party is ap
plying familiar principles to new condi
tions; the Republican party is removing
the ancient landmarks."
In connection with his discussion of the
trusts Mr. Bryan mentioned the names of
Senator Hanna and Governor Roosevelt,
whereupon. 'there were hisses and groans
from different parts of the assemblage.
Mr. Bryan again referred to the utterance
credited to Senator Scott . of West Vir
ginia, to the effect "that trusts " were a
good thing," and referred to the fact that
Senator Scott if» In charge of the Eastern
branch 'of Republican headquarters. He
said he cited these facts to show. that the
Republican party is the defender of the
trusts. ¦ , . .
„ "Think." he exclaimed, "of a party tak
ing a position, as Senator Scott has done,
that the Standard Oil trust is a' blessing
to this jiountry." .
Senator Wellington of Maryland fol
lowed Mr. Bryan.
Mr. Bryan had a hard time getting out
of" the garden and out: of the speaker's
stand. The police vigilance seemed to be
unavailing. Hundreds of men . swarmed
about the press inclosure and around the
speaker's stand.' The crowd quickly
choked the small stairway down which
¦ Mr. . Bryan had to pass. Chief ' Devery
stood helpless in the center of the surging
crowd; and Mr. Bryan's companions had
to force a passage for him and themselves
through the throng.
Another' crowd- rushed toward the box
that Mrs. Bryan had occupied, and in five
minutes : the floral decorations were car
ried off as souvenirs. .The party > finally
succeeded in getting away from the build
ing.:',- . ; : . ...... ¦
ccminc in thousands by this time. The
- street and Second avenue, where he made
speech from his carriage to a crowd of
about 5000 people. He made another
epeech from his carriage to a gathering"
at Twentieth street and Second avenue..
• Mr. Bryan's Madison-square ' Garden
epeech was not begun until- after 10
o'clock. It was unlike his former speech
at that place. It was addressed to the
Independent class mainly, and ' he - re
ferred to the financial issue. Many times
he was forced to stop because of the tre
mendous cheering. From the time he en
tered the hall until he quit speaking the"
outside of the hall was- ringing with
cheer*.
As a climax to the day he made two
other outdoor speeches. - The ' flrst was
from a stand near Dewey arch, where he
talked to 15.000 persons who could "riot get
into Madlson-tKjuare Garden. He made
another short epeech at Madison j avenue
end Twenty-fourth street. He was then
driven to the Hoffman House, where he
retired for the night.
From the time Mr. Bryan left the Hoff
man House early in the evening until' he
reached the hotel, when all the meetings
were over, he was in the midst of a" roar
or noise which was deafening. At Madi
son square a few minutes after 6 o'clock
an ek-ctric current was turned on and the
thousands of incandescent lights began to ;
glow. ¦ Immense electric . signs with .the"
names of Hill, Cockran, Wellington and
j**yan were in the garden. Festooned on
Qlki Dewey arch and colonnade were
strings of incandescent globes. Immedi
ately following this illumination began
the fireworks display. The crowds were
\ _ -- EW YORK. Oct. 27.— William J.
l^^l Bryan's second coming to this
I city was the occasion to-night of
*¦ one of the noisiest political
demonstrations of the campaign.
Fourteen thousand people cheered the
Democratic candidate at Madison-square
Garden. He had been speaking all day.
This morning was spent at Xew Haven
and this afternoon he made several ad
dresses at points between New Haven and
this city. He was accompanied to this
city by 200 Yale students. When he ' ar
rived at Grand Central station there were
more than 5000 persons to greet him. He
¦pent the remainder of the afternoon at
tne Hoffman House, where he went over
the business of the campaign with the
leaders and attended a dinner in his hon
or, at which there were forty-five guests.
He afterward witnessed the* great pyro
technic display. The sky was carpeted
with red and Madison square was ablaze
In his honor when the carriage which was
to take him on his tour appeared. The
Hreets were crowded with people and his
trip to Madiaon-square Garden was a
triumphal one.
The flrst stop was at the Broadway Ath
letic Club, where Mr! Bryan spoke to
10.000 enthusiastic people, the majority of
whom were Italians. He "reached Cdoper
Union about 9 o'clock and addressed a
large gathering of Germans. Thence Mr.
Bryan drove to the corner of Fourteenth
Big Crowds Turn Out to Listen to
the Democratic Candidate
in New York.
BRYAN ACAIN VISITS THE
STRONGHOLD OF TAMMANYITES
Declares Bryan's Campaign the
, Same as That Made by
. Copperheads.
ROOSEVELT UPHOLDS HONOR
OF THE STARS AND STRIPES
Pages 21 to 30
Pages 21 to 30
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900-FORTY PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXVin-NO. 150.
£
«£5
\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.BOER GENERAL DEWET. WHO
IS TET BOTHERING THE
BRITISH TROOPS.
and Dr. Seattle of the American Presbv
terian board. The placards sav th» head*
must be secured in Hoiping. The magis
trate of* that district is notedly anti-for
eign and Inspired the posting of the plac
ards. Protection has been guaranteed by
placards for all who destroy the property
of the missions or of converts.
Sherman's Biographer.
MANSFIELD. Ohio, Oct. ¦ 27.— Though
John Sherman did not designate any one
to be his biographer It Is thought here
that Henry C. Hedges, chairman of th»
speakers' bureau at the National Repub
lican headquarters at Chicago, will likely
be chosen.
Astor's Handsome Gift.
LONDON. .Oct. 27.— "William "Waldorf
Astor has given £10,000 to the Cambridge
University beneficiary fund.
HONGKONG, Oct. 27.— The Chinese Mu
tual Protection Society of the Hoiping
district has offered $5000 for the head of
Dr. Sager of the American board of mis
sions, and 53000 each for the heads of Rev.
S. G. Tope, a British missionary; ~D r .
Graves, a southern Papist missionary,
Threatened by Placards.
Missionaries in the Hoiping District
It Is common remark that hesitation and
leniency in pressing home vital questions
will lose a golden opportunity to establish
gdod government and secure reform in
China and will result In further outbreaks.
EEWASDS * FOB THETB HEADS.
made by the Kaiser's Government. They
say that Germany has saved the situation
here by refusing to be a catspaw for Rus :
sla.
SIDNEY, N. 8.W., Oct. 27,-The Amer
ican' steamer Marlposa, ¦ Captain *. Houd
lette, sall«d to-day for '." Ban - Franciaoo,
havtnff on board £650,000 In sold.- ; .
Mariposa't Rich. Freight.
BERLIN, Oct. j 27.— The . Kiaochou bud
get has reached the ; Bundesrath.- - It* re
quires 10,050,000 marks besides the' receipts
there. The larger, part ! of this ¦ amount ; is
needed for harbor, improvements.
The Kiaochou Budget.
LONDON, Oct.' Z7.—Friedrich;Max;Mul
ler." professor of • corporative ' philology';
Oxford, who has been sick for a long time
and- who recently : suffered a relapse, is
pronounced to be now sinking fast.
Friediich Muller Sinking.
LONDON, Oct. 27.— The ¦ resignation of
the Bishop of Exeter, ;ttia* Right Rev.
Edward Henry • Bickersteth,'; • has given
Lord Salisbury : the .chance; to - add
one more to the- '.long , , list ,'¦. of
Bishops of his creation,* ah opportunity
which the Kensitltes (anti-ritualists) have
Improved by memorializing, the -Premier
to appoint a low churchman who will pro
tect the . Protestant Interest better < than
the former Bishop. .. j ¦
Within a few days final steps will .' be
taken to amalgamate tho two . exeat
Scotch churches — the Free church and the
United Presbyterians — under , the -name of
the United Free Church of Scotland
which will accomplish a' greater break
ing-down of religious barriers and divi
sions „ than the century has witnessed.
v Kensitites.
IiOrd Salisbury Memorialized by the
WANT A LOW CHTTRCHMAir.
LONDON, Oct. 27.— The Field *Ives
prominence to a letter, dealing Lord
Durham's charges against American
jockeys, in which the writer regretfully
chronicles the complete Americanizing of
Newmarket. After saying that he agrees
with Lord Durham, the writer says:
"Tha rank and file of American visitors
are unmitigated nuisances. Visit: New
market any morning and what do you
see? Blackboards and buggies in place of.
English traps; American women with
tow-colored hair and the complexion of a
French clown; the American jockey and
his entourage of hangers-on; and, worse
than all, a hugo. sprinkling of unattached
American loafers who - claim they are
friends of the trainers and jockeys, but
who in reality are gamblers of the worst
type, who have merely sought, to find. on
the English racecourse a - Tom Tiddler's
ground, where they will not be Interfered
with by the police, to whom'they sere not
known. In fact/ Americans \ the
present season have almost dominated
Newmarket. It is English money they
have come after, and many of them are
not very scrupulous how; they get.it." ¦
English WriteT Says They Are an
Unmitigated Nuisance. ;-
CRITICIZES AMEBICANS.
LONDON. Oct. 27.— The retirement of
Norman MacColl. M. A., January 1 from
the editorship of the Athenaeum marks
the completion of the longest editorship
on record in England. For thirty-one
years he has controlled the journal, beat
ing Delane's service on the Times, and he
has probably had more to do with the
formation of the higher literary standards
than any man in, England. He was a
clof<> friend of Charles Dickens, Carlyle.
Tennyson. Br»wning. Ruskin and Dar
win, and In later years of Swinburne.
Henley. Kiplinp and Palmore. . and. to
quote the Outlook, "he knows perhaps
more than any man living of books and
their author?."
MacCOLL WILL RETIRE.
tor of the Atheneum.
Has Been for Thirty-Two Years Edi-
his accomplices and watching anarchists
In order to prevent any attempt to carry
out the scheme.
PARIS, Oct. 27.— The officials of the Pre
fecture of Police say they have investi
gated the Couturier story published by
the Nouveliete de Lyons and find It to be
without foundation. Couturier, they add,
is a vulgar thief, hungering for notoriety.
The prefect officials also declare that the
Brussels story of the arrest of Sipido, who
attempted to assassinate the Prince of
Wales in Brussels, April 4 last, In Paris is
untrue.
glary in order to obtain funds to carry
out his project. He has, It is added, con
fessed to the police, who are now tracking
BERLIN, Oct. 27.— More BOber
views about China now pre
vail here, owing, doubtless, to
the fact that Count von Bulow
Is known to entertain reasonable
ideas about Germany's tangible interests
therein, and that his influence as Impe
rial Chancellor upon the impetuous Em
peror and especially in foreign affairs, is
decidedly gi eater than Prince von Hohen
lohe'*. It is now generally believed here
that the Chinese muddle will slowly but
surely unravel itself and lead to a satis
factory issue without necessitating any
further la-ge amrront of actual hostili
ties rr an elaborate, strategic campaign.
All the utterances of the semi-official
press this week show this belief. Only
the military party is dissatisfied with this
view. Doubts are entertained- here,
though, regard-rig the value of the creden
tials of Li Hung Chang and Prince Ching
and their ability to enforce the terms of
any agreement reached.
The alleged mtest edicts of Emperor
Kwang Hsu are "also regarded here with
suspicion, and even the possibility that
I.I Hung Chang himself Is their author
or instigator, to facilitate the negotia
tors' task, is considered.
This week's developments in German
international politics have plainly dem
onstrated what enormous difficulties the
new Chancellor will have to contend with
rnd overcome to bring about something
approaching a harmonious Cabinet, both
:or Priusla p.nd the empire, and the re-
Miltant harmonious action in all impor
tant Government measures. The radical
and important newspapers point out that
pronounced reactionary and agrarian
members of the Cabinet, like Dr. Miquel,
Count von Posadowsky-Wehner, Baron
> von Hammerstein and Baron von Rhein
, 1-uch, have no legitimate place in the
new regime," and it was thus this portion
of the pre»g that seized upon the incident
of 12,000 marks having been accepted by
tte imperial department of the Inte
rior from the big manufacturers' asso
ciation to defray the costs of printing
arguments for the anti-strike bill, a slight
Incident in itself, to attempt therewith
to hoist Count von Posadowsky-Wehner,
who has always been the most dangerous
enemy the United States had in the Cab
inet.
It would seem, however, that Count
von Posadowsky-Vv'ehner in this matter
feels sure of the Emperor's approval and
will not resign unless the Reichstag dur
ing the forthcoming session morally
forces him to do so.
The agrarian party also published sev
eral utterances this week Informing
Count von Uulow that if he Introduced
the canal Mil afresh, as the North Ger
man Gazette promised, they will make
v,ar upon and defeat him.
• Prince Hobenlohe to-day gave a big
farewell dinner to all the members .of
the Cabinet and the Bundesrarh.
Authoritatively it is learned that the
new German tariff schedule does not
contain, as was reported In the news
papers, a provision for minimum and
maximum tariff, but this will be left for
the Reichstag to deliberate on and decide.
The Socialists have elected a member
of the Reichstag in the Brandenburg dis
trict against a strong Government candi
date, but the Socialists have lost an elec
tion in Wansleben against a national lib
eral. f
Emperor "William has ordered Professor
Begas to make his Majesty's own marble
statue for the new hall of glories in Bar
men, where statues of the Emperor's an
cestors are already placed.
A band of American confidence men
has successfully done Berlin* and other
German cities, passing Confederate $10
bills, which have been readily accepted
at 40 marks each. , The police have re
ceived reports of scores of victims.
An official of the Foreign Office in
formed a correspondent that no further
answers have been received to the Anglo-
German agreement, but that Japan's ad
herence is considered certain. The un
friendly attitude of Influential Russian
papers toward the agreement was pointed
out and the Foreign Office official replied
\\ e have not to deal with the Russian
press, but with the Russian Government.
\\e know the agreement is favorably re
ceived in St. Petersburg. An answer to
the agreement will come from th» Czar
«« i* > n ,° W 4. In the Crtme a- Therefore
considerable time may elapse before his
answer is received. There is no reason
to hurry.
Lieutenant Commander "William II
St« e H- - th K TJn !,\ ed , States naval at™ clE;
who has been ill for some time pajst. is
now improving. ¦» p " '
Onlu the Militaru Partu
Objects to Peaceful
Settlement.
Von Bulow Expected to
Avoid Hostilities in
China. (
TO UNRAVEL
THE TANGLED
CONTROVERSY
LYONS, Oct. 27.— The Nouvellste de
Lyons says a plot to assassinate
President Loubet has been discov
ered. It appears that a working
electrician named Couturier bur
glariously entered the electric company's
premises at Nimes, stealing 2500 francs.
He was tracked^to Orange, near Lyons,
where he was arrested. Documents found
on his person revealed, the paper says,
an anarchist conspiracy to assassinate
President Loubet on his coming visit to
Lyons to unveil a monument erected to
the memory of President Carnot. Coutu
rier is said to have committed the bur-
Paris Police Sau Prisoner
Is Onlu a Vulgar
Thief.
Arrest of an Electrician
With Compromising
Documents.
AN ALLEGED
CONSPIRACY TO
KILL LOUBET
By Catole to Tii© Oa.ll.
NEWS FROM EUROPEAN CAPITALS.
ROBERTS IS
CRITICIZED
FOR LAXITY
RaDid Crushing of the
Rebellion Is Urged as
Best Policu.
Speculation Ovsr Possible
Meeting of Chamber
lain and Kruoer-
LONDON, Oct. 27.— With the excep
tion of the unexpected activity of
the Boers and the reappearance
before the public of a statesman
supposed to be politically dead,
nothing has occurred this week in Eng
land capable ofjdisturbing the enthusiasm
over the home-coming, of the .City Im
perial Volunteers. The news of the guer
rilla successes in South' Africa which.has
been received during the last few days has
prompted some of the more serious publi
cations to sound notes of alarm. The Sat
urday Review begs Lord Roberts to take
a "lesson from one who was a greater sol-
DESIRABILITY
OF ARBITRATION
IN THE ORIENT
Dissension Regarding the
Punishment of the Real
Culprits.
¦ i ?-. —
Ministers Unwilling to Accept the
Word of the Chinese Govern
ment, but .Wish to Witness
. Executions.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 27.— Further
evidence of the desirability of referring
the entire Chinese question to arbitration
has been given by the dissension which
exists In Peking relative to the punish
ment of the responsible authors of the
Chinese outrages.
Remembering the Bufferings they under
went.during the siege of the legations,
some of the Ministers decline to be satis
fied with the assurances of the Chinesa
Government that certain persons have
been punished,, but they want to see the
punishments executed or have a represen
tative on hand -to witness them. There
is reason to believe that the President and
Secretary Hay are not in sympathy with
.the spirit of vlndictiveness that prevails
and they are anxious to get the punish
ment feature . of 1 the negotiations out of
the way. as promptly as possible. Thougn
the Chinese Government may cause ex
treme punishment to.be visited upon a
great many persons guilty of foreign out
rages, it is possible tnat a power llKe Ger
many, which suffered the indignity of
having its official representative killed,
will not be satisfied and will demand fur
ther sacrifices. i
This is the very difficulty which the ad
vocates of arbitration believe'd could be
easily and promptly disposed of by the
international court of arbitration of The
Hague. Such a body would be absolutely
dispassionate. It would have no reason
to desire revenge nor would It display par
tiality in the matter. It would make a
fair investigation and would fix upon
those whom evidence showed to be re
sponsible the guilt which they had com
mitted and would recommend such pun
ishments as would thoroughly fit their
crimes. Negotiations over the punishment
of the guilty, which are now in progress,
may be indefinitely prolonged by the vin
dictive spirit being displayed.
Secretary Hay is anxious, however, that
direct negotiations shall be thus employed
in an attempt to brinrabout peace. There
is final recourse always to arbitration, but
the Secretary believes it is in the interest
of diplomacy that the Ministers and Chi
nese Peace Commissioners should first en
deavor to reach a solution. J
As stated in The Call this morning, Mr.
Conger understands from the action of
the President in accepting the suggestion
of Russia for the arbitration of the in
demnity question in case of a protracted
divergence of views, that the administra
tion favors the observance of the
principle in the event of a complete
disagreement. Were it not for the delay
tnat arbitration would cause due to the
investigation that would have to be insti
tuted there is no doubt that the adminis
tration would urge this method of solu
tion after a reasonable opportunity had
been given to effect a settlement by nego
tiation. Minister AVu Is satisfied that
China would be glad to accept such a
method of reaching a»settlement, but tho
Chinese Commissioners cannot advance
a proposition of this character. They
must rather await its submission to them.
Through Special Commissioner Rockhill,
Secretary Hay received confirmation of
the suicide of Yu Hsien, reported to the
State Department- yesterday by Minister
Wu. Minister Conger has' advised Secre
tary Hay that he has been assured by thi>
Chinese Commissioners, wj^o have" heard
from the imperial court, t|»t there Is no
intention to remove ' the ;• viceroys of the
southern provinces. — 2".. ?'.¦"'
No positive assurances have been re
ceived by Secretary Hay that th« Imperial
court will return to Peking. The depart
ment has been informed on several recent
occasions that the court would return,
but this information was subsequently de
nied. The department is not certain of
the intentions of the court, but In well
informed diplomatic 'Circles It Is not be
lieved that the Emperor and Empress
Dowager will return so long as the pow
ers retain such large forces In Peking.
• •
URGING EMPEROR'S RETURN.
Ten Powers Represented in the Ne-
gotiations at Peking.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
. lishing Company.
PEKING. Oct. 27— Prince Chlng and U
Hung Chang have separately urged the
Emperdr to return to the capital, but no
decision' has yet been made. They insist
also on severe punishment of the guilty
Ministers. The Emperor asks for their
names, jvhich the ' foreign Ministers will
furnish." «
Manr think the attitude of Germany Is
producing the best results on the Chinese,
who seemed to yield readily to demands
Negotiations for a general preliminary
convention will Boon begin. Ten powers
are now represented here. The Russian
Minister and s'taff have returned, having
failed to induce the other powers to aban
don the city, although the United States
followed the Russian lead by reducing Its
garrison, which In the view of some. was
already; weak, and thereby, according to
the. same opinion, encouraged the Boxers
in the interior. ' araffr^ffy^it
dier than he, namely Caesar, and ruth
lessly suppress the rebellion."
"The truest mercy in the present case,"
says the Globe, "is to be merciless." ,
That fairly voices the average opinion
of the Government organs/awhile a few
out and out radical organs scarcely con
ceal their satisfaction arising from their
ability to say "I told you so" In reference
to the war being long drawn out and en
gendering racial hatred that a century
will not dissipate.
An encounter as dramatic as any that
marked the battlefields of South Africa
may shortly occur at Marseilles. The plan
of Joseph Chamberlain, the Secretary of
State for the Colonies, to go to Marseilles
to meet Mrs. Chamberlain, who is now at
Alx-les-Balns. will more than probably be
effected about the time Mr. Kruger la ar
riving at the same port on the Dutch
steamer Gelderland. Judging from tho
tone of French public opinion, the simul
taneous arrival of these two leading fig
ures in the late world drama would afford
opportunities for demonstrations not too
pleasant for Mr. Chamberlain and which
might possibly cause international com
plications that would be hard to settle
peaceably. :,¦¦'-
BRITISH CAVALRY AMBUSHED.
fontein.
Fifty Captured by Boers Near Spring-
LONDON, Oct." 27.— A dispatch received
at the War Office from Lord Roberts,
dated Pretoria, Friday, October 26. refer
ring to the fighting of General Barton's
column with General "Dewet's forces on
October 25, says:
"The British losses were heavier than
at first reported. An additional officer and
twelve, men were killed and three officers
and twenty-five men were wounded. The
Boers left twenty-four dead and nineteen
wounded on tho field and twenty-six Boers
were made prisoners. Three Boers who
held up their hands in token of surrender
and then fired on the British were court
martialed, convicted and . sentenced to
death. I have confirmed the sentence."
The dispatch also refers to minor affairs
In which the troops of General 'Kitchener
and General Methuen were engaged, and
a serious Incident between Sprlngfonteln
and Filipolls, Orange River Colony, where
fifty cavalrymen were ambushed and cap
tured by .the Boers, only . seven of the
party escaping-. :¦
. Another. -. dispatch from ¦ Lord Roberts
says: •.'.•."Barton attacked. the ubiquitous
Dewet near, Frederickstadt. The Boers
were scattered In all directions."*
SEEKS DIVORCE IX)R
. .THE PRINCESS ; ANHALT
Mission of Prince. Christian of Schles
wig-Holstein, Who Is Now at
Berlin.
BERLIN, Oct. 27.— Prince Christian of
Schleswrlgf-Holsteinls here as the guest of
the r British Embassador,; Sir., Frank Las
celles, and the . Duke and Duchess ' of
Schleswlg-Holstein. The Prince's purpose
Is , to effect .the - divorce of hie daughter,
the Princess • Louise Augrusta, from her
husband, ; Prince Aribert of Anhalt. The
Princess of Anhalt Is now In America."
Demolishing Dickens' Home.
LONDON,: Oct. 27.-That the memory of
Charles Dickens Is not ' guarded .very Jeal
ously Is clearly, evidenced by the ' fact that
the house in Tavlstock square, where the
novelist lived i nine years, entertained " the
celebrities of the day and the place where
he wrote ."Bleak House", and other .worka,
Is now In course of demolition, l and In a
few, days nothing will be left of It '.The
removal ~ of this landmark, visited . by so
many thousands of Americans, Is. duo to
the Duke of Bedford's desire to erect • on
the site buildings which produce more
revenue.-" ¦_•_______ -''¦•v : " ' :•
Grain Shortage in Siberia.
ST. : PETERSBURG,. Oct. 27.— According
to the Official Messenger, the grain short
age is \ not .' confined to \ the ; eastern ¦ pro
vinces ' and : Siberia." <;.Tha provinces richest
In cereals \ are actually Buffering V on * ac
count of poor harvests. • Grain Is forward
ed ahead* of | other, merchandise and grain
railway rates have been ; reduced. . £ -
Papeete the Beautiful.'
: Those who are fond of , traveling 1 (and who' is
net) .will hair with delight the news of a direct
steamship route to Tahiti. ¦ This ' charming land
has . until ; now been accessible . . only ; : by < slow
Millng vessels, but on November lst > the popu
lar steamship Australia will sail direct, mak
ing the trip la 10H flays. A reduced round-trip
rat* has been made for th« first trip. Call at
MS Market street for sailing; Um*.?*- - : •
PARIS, Oct. 27.— It seems as If ' Paris,
having sulked a little against the Expo
sition, cannot new part with It. The offi
cial announcement of its prolongation
for one week until 'SovmW r 12 was well
received by the public and exhibitors.
The Swan Song of the Worlds Fair
leads the press to ask that these fairy
like constructions may not disappear al
together. The first universal exhibition
of 1S55 left behind the Palais de l'lndus
trie, the 1S7S exhibition bequeathed the
Trocadero, and the 1SS9 fair the Eiffel
Tower.
The papers are now urging the preser
vation of the famous Galerle des Ma
chines, which Is one of the marvels of
the iron Industry, and also the beauti
ful conservatories. They also urge the
laying out of a promenade on the banks
of the Seine bo as to preserve the mar
velous Rue des Nations that was the
real feature of the exposition, "clou," as
they eay here. But this is very difficult,
for once these temporary palaces are
pulled down what will remain of the
magic scene?
This is connected with a still greater
<;:uslion of the enlargement of Pa:;s by
ll.e eradjfication of the fortifications on
the west and the inclusion in the city of
Fix suburban communities — Villancourt.
Boulogne, Neuilly, Levallols, Clichy and
Kalntouen. This would add 200.000 to the
population. The demolition of these use
less fortifications would place the Hois
de Boulogne inside of Paris, like Central
Park in New York. This has been for a
long time one of the schemes the Gov
ernment had in view to employ the thou
sands of hands which the disappearance
of the exposition will soon leave without
work.
In 1SS1 there were in Paris 291 inhab
itants for every hectare (about two an<i a
half acres). This pave about twenty-flve
p<juare yaxds tf> each person. By 1SS0
this space had been reduced to nine
equare yards for each person. Just ground
enough being allowed for the perpetual
foncossion in the cemetery. The aver
age number of persons to the hectare be
came 3J5 and then 425. and then in certain
quarters near the boulevards ( t rnnrnT<vl
to 1025. Thus the extension of Paris is an
urgent problem of the immediate future.
Ther« Is Still a Great Question
of the Enlargement of
the French Capital
Itself.
»
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork ller
aM. Copyright, 1500, by the HeraW Pul,
lishin* Company.
Parisians Anxious to Save
Some Pretty Features
of the Fair.
WOULD RETAIN
BUILDINGS OF
TIE EXPOSITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUND A^^OgTOBER 28, 1900.
22
PRESIDENT LOUBET .OF
FRANCE, WHOSE LIFE IS
SAID TO BE THREATENED.
Cast. M. O. Tarnell.
Much that Is called rheumatism is In
reality myalgia. Myalgia is an affec-
tion of the larger .muscles, especially
those in the small of the back, produc-
ing pain, stiffness, cramp, and frequent-
ly distress on the. slightest movement.
When the muscles of the small of the
back are Involved It Is generally called
lumbago. If the large muscles of the
arms or legs are the seat of the affection
it is generally then called muscular
rheumatism. They are one and all the
same affection, however.
The month of October brings cool days
and cooler nights. The dally perspira-
tion of the hot months is gradually and
sometimes suddenly discontinued. This
produces an acid condition of the blood
which the kidneys are not always aWc
to correct. By stimulating the mucoud
membranes of the whole body the accu-
mulations of acid in the blood . can be
drained away. This could be done -with
Peruna taken according to the directions
on the bottle.
"I can cheerfully recom-
mend your Peruna for
rheumatism, and it is also
a very substantial catarrh
remedy."
Captain L L Blake.
Captain L. L. Blake of the steamer
McAlester. Is one of the best known cai>-
tains on Chesapeake Bay. The steam«r
McAlester Is the only boat that Is al-
lowed by Congress to stop at Mt. Ver-
non, the birthplace of George Washing-
ton. For twenty years Captain Blake has
been making a dally trip to Mt. Vernon.
In a recent letter written from Wash-
ington. D. C. to The Peruna Medicine
Co., Columbus, Ohio, he says:
Captain Blake of Steamer McAlester.
People who have been long •ubject to
catarrh are almost sure to have a return
of their bad symptoms at the approach
of cold weather. October Is a good time
to fortify the system against this liability.
This climate Is especially productive of
catarrh, because of Its extremes of cold
and hot weather. No sooner do we escape
from hot weather than we find ourselves
In the midst of wintry weather. One bot-
tle of Peruna now may prevent a catarr-
hal affection later on that would take
many bottles to cure.
Captain M. O. . Tarnell, Post Com-
mander "Win. Downs Post. No. 83. O. A.
R., writes from 2322 Lincoln street. N.
E., Washington, t — — ¦
¦IX"C.. as' follows
concerning" Peru- r j\
na *s a catarrh I ?3
cure". He says: jAlMSfc '
"Tour medl-- y^ ™
cine. Peruna, I \ /m\ //
believe to be the VJfeW^ i
best medicine for 5|a, <Jl~^_X-\ 5»
catarrh en the ',fiZ'^f^yC^JSji^\
market. I have J^Sf^>^K
taken only a J&fj &&&&&*
small amount. > WfM^^^^X'
and can see very \f (9^g '
beneficial results. ¦ '*"''
I shall continue Cast. M. O. Tarnell.
Its use and ' rec- — r— :
ommend It to my friends and comrades
for all catarrhal affections." "S
tions." -7 • I
Address The Peruna Medicine Co.. Co- '
lumbus, O., for a free book on catarrh,
written by Dr. Hartman. j «HM
Dear Sirs:
THE FOLLOWING LETTER TELLS THE STORY.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 10, 1900.
MESSRS. PAUSON & CO., City.
i*i£'- " e hereby give you notice that you
must vacate the premises now occupied by you at 918-920-
922 Market street on November 30, 1900, as we Have leased
said stores.
Circumstances over which we have no control compel us
to give you only fifty days' notice to vacate.
Trusting you will not be heavy losers by our unavoid-
able short notice to move, we remain
Yours very truly,
T } I. MAGNIN & CO.,
Per I. MagnhvPres.
WE ARE COMPELLED TO MOVE OUT.
Our Landlord Says So!
And his command must be obeyed. We have
only 3O days* notice to move, and A MERCI-
LESS SLAUGHTER OF PRICES is the only
means left for us to dispose of our stock
quickly.
EVERYTHING MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE
CIosing=Out Sale
Starts Tuesday at 9 a, m.
|gy><gSr* OUR -MARKET-STREET STORE CLOSED T0-
W&* MORROW TO MARK DOWN PRICES FOR THIS
GREAT CLOSING OUT SALE
918-920-922 Market Street.
PAUSON & GO,
ADVEBTISEMENJTS.
OF PERUNA.
THE CAPTAIN TELLS SOME THINGS HE KNOWS
Trip to Mt. Vernon.
FOR TWENTY YEARS '
Captain Blake Has Made a Daily
I'i K^^^^M^^^^^^^^Mil I ft Hi M It \V ty of catarrh, and to stimulate
?s^^\lc^w^^%.vSr^ t ' •"! them to awa -y th8 « ff8te -^i
! v«^^^H^J\V^^^§>Vw\Vil' ' ' tnatter dammed up In th« system.
Ill f*§J§§§=i.V^X xmSKmI: fl -.which found Its way out through
it %^^^£^!s Sshtsfil 1 *^ e Bkm not weather. A bottl*
,f^*^ \JJ '* "wwils ¦ 1 °' Peruna taken in time la worth It*
U 1 1 / $'i ' VWWm • weight In gold to any ono during
I i <ll I lx\ ' wlffl'sB the month of October, especially to
j. raVM wViiR those who are liable to. so-called
f^ j/ij » WulWiJ • ¦ I ' -Mrs.- L. \v. llonsell. 197 Nostraod
i jl\» • *. UwjSb I ' avenue, Brooklyn, N. T., writes:
! II v\V™** *1*or ten years I have been a suffered
(i\ ¦ . _^ggsr*^ * from rheumatism, havlnp had in that
¦ *" vjyr"'"gjtf^ fijl tlrnc Inflammatory rheumatism, D€in^
' ' n»^'*if'''«'rWw*/ laid up for weoks. I also had rheurnatlo
| \i,i\i\ 'h'£ v'fcj P f^ver and lung fever, dragging alontf
Wu/rl I miserable and 11L I often felt som« other
'lift/'?/// chronic disease waa coming on me. D«t
iW I y^. I did not seem to realize that it was
/ In'" "IS? catarrh. I had a great deal of headache.
I M and every little cold caused me to rals«
--• fill ii ll'S no end of mucus. - . .
lull: I III "About eight months agro I read of
\M I' V/W/fc Peruna. It seemed so logical to m« that
4 r llVifi 0M7 ' I wrote to Dr. Hartnvn. and .began to
? /' #¦ i • take Peruna. Before I had finished ths
I /( second bottle my terrible headaches were
/irt^vS^^r nearly cured, and I had such «w»t relief.
lS\- Jj^k I had suffered so much, six mornings out
\ '^Wsi&Ka. of ?even KetUng: up *1th a terrible head-
V^J2k^:^»5* ache. I can't begin to mention the other
• .filaeFV benefits I have received. In all I took
/"IX Stafy five boUles - and l feel llke a new creature -
•f^^ i "Last winter I had the
n -i • t, v , c* nr », ? qrippe, and also a terrible
Captain Blake of Steamer McAlester. if "r ' .
Captain L. L. Blake of the steamer COUQ/I, OUt PerUnO nfJOCfe
IcAlester. is one of the best known cap- . J . , . m*
ains on Chesapeake Bay. The steam«r SnOrf WOTK Of f//(7c. *tOr*L
IcAlester is the only boat that is al- " /
Sf^iSSISSSK&i'^iS:: a t° nic " ca " * be beaten -
:."„ Si"%Sr.S".S,u B T4i' Catarrh is the trouble with
In a recent letter written from Wash- * j i^
ngton. D. C. to The Peruna Medicine SO mOMf Of US OHO W6 00
:o., Columbus, Ohio, he says: J
"I nnn nhnanfiillx, nannrr,- POt reCtllZe it.'
I j^M|^ Joyful News j
I Jfm~S Y*^^ For * Weak Men ! |
• 4mi msi "Jm For men who have spent the fire of youth: men who long for the old-time vim, *
• gm Sggi^- * Jl courage and ambition; men who dread the nisrhts that bring no rest; men whose bodies Q
S till Imm* i Mm are raclc P d w ' tn P a i Q an d whose minds are tortured by a realization of the loss o£ *^k
• CSlj 'mr\?<'- £m youthful vigor. . #^
S l\ l^fe^fli Are you a « Jllan oi th i3 class? Are yoa in any respect wantinc: in that uns«n •
• Vt ElffiHH/iP# but ever imi ? ortant element which is called "vigor"? Would you like to feel stronger. J .
• Vr ilfflffi^ESy ' more self-reliant, more energetic, more jovial and popular among your acquaintances? 9
• lUlr/^^^JM Have you any pains, spells of nervousness, periods of debility attacks of stomach, kid- q
'• V WUp|IE§ " ey> liver or heart trouble s? H so, you must know that what has restored the joys of 9
S i»WJilislS-^i?l *^ e to tnousan ds of other men must be a blessing to you for it can restore the sparkle •
• ftffflKll^^^l tO y ° Ur Cy - C ' t>he spring to your ste P' and make your blood run warm with the fire of •
3 I DR - MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT i
2 ' fPu 1 Is the wonder worker of the age for. men who have lost\ the fire of youth. Its touch •
2 #^ v: A^ I »s the. touch of magnetism. It pumps the nerves and blood full of youthful energy and X
• A »a * drives out feelin * ot " weakness, renews full confidence and courage -and. makes you j
• ' - Mi Fm \ : fcel llke a raan amon K men. It not only cures weakness of all kinds, but cures -Rheu- . q
• ¦/ ¦-'/ V 1 matism. Lame Back, Stomach and Liver Troubles. Pains and Aches, Sleeplessness, Van- «>
» m \\ I cocele, Paralysis, Locomotor Ataxia and all ailments common to women as well as men. •
• / f VI ' 1F Y0U WILIi SECURE MB YOU CAN PAY WHEN CURED. •
• t-\ "'\\\,' I know that, there is no better way to'prove my confidence in the wonderful' en- J
• • W\.. I' rative power of my Belt than to cure you before I ask you to pay for it, and as I DO *
• KNOW that it will restore strength in every instance, I am willing to core first and ask - •
• my bay afterward So if you are weak, breaking down or • :
• CURESMBNff' CURES WOMEN!. ,4 V in '¦£;^manner come to me, tell me your trouble and •
8 -iSr^^o^rSSr^,^^ Tnir e fT Ure - yOU ' 7 Km" •
• two months.: The Belt has also done wonders for my son. who Thls off er « open to any man wno mil secure. me. wot
A . had i a bad case of Rheumatism. Since my cure I have praised a cent need be paid down. All 1 3SK IS that trie .man aSK- f
•^IHo :•» wen M.otlieni.«id win oontinu.. in K me to take his case under these terms rives me evl- J
• ¦, t • a. -w. todno, Port Harford. Cai. dence of his honesty and good fajth. -©
• v CURED t ;•¦ CALL TO-DAY OR SBND FOR MY BOOK-FRBB. •
5; dear BiR: Your Beit has done me a rreat deal of rood, i If you are weak, if you have Lame Back. Rhenma- 5
X-^'S^^S^^l^^^S^^ iSTSLSS £ Sm ;. W « k StOm lr Ch - e^derS! •
m benefited by it. • Tours very truly. • * Decline. Loss of Energy and Ambition, or any evidence v -
a ¦¦¦ .¦-.¦¦""¦ .vw ¦ mrs. J. M. tetherow, ¦ o f breaking down of the physical or. nervous system. *
• Sawyer Bar. Stskiyou County. Cai. ,\ September, 30. 1900. . CQME AND SEE ME. OR IF YOU CANT CALL. •
• *,WRITE FORMY BOOIC AND SYMPTOM . BLANKS. \vHICH ARE SENT, SEALED. FREE. CON- •:
• vSULTATION FREE. Office hours— 9 a.m. to 8:30 p.- m. Sundays io to I. ,, - N
t Dv M A TVTpT* ATTftHT TNT 702 market street,
j J 1/1 • 1U» A* lUl/JjilU llIUjJLil 9 Cor. Kearay, 6an Francteco. s JSEATTLE, Oct. 27.— The Rev. Father
John B. Rene, in charge of the Roman
Catholic missions on the Yukon, has ar
rived at Dawson with ' a terrible story v " of
the sufferings of the natives in that val
ley from an epidemic of a mysterious dis
ease, resembling a combination of pneu
monia, measles and ¦ typhoid ¦ fever. At
Holy Cross mission sixty * o«)t of 150 In
dians died in less than two months. Fam
ine now threatens, as the natives have not
been able to lay , up supplies of fish and
game for the winter. ¦ . --;¦.-¦ • ;
The plague has been general all along
the \ river and along ;the ¦ coast \ of Bering
Sea. Thousands of natives have died and
many more will die from the disease Itself
64- •tanretsMt'tettewlng In lt» train.
Father Rene Reports a Strange Epi
demic Destroying Txibas in
the Valley of th©
N Yukon.
ALASKAN NATIVES
DIE BY THOUSANDS
Sues Rail-way for Damages.
BAN JOSE, Oct. 27.— John Costello. a
seventeen-year-old boy. through his guar
dian, to-day riled a suit against the South
em Pacific Railroad Company for $50,000
damages . for injuries sustained in being
run over on September 6 last. The acci
dent oocurred fn the yards of the com
pany at the broad-gauge depot on North
First street. Costello's right leg was cut
off and he lost parts of the first finger
and thumb on the right hand. The com
plaint states the accident was caused by
the negligence and carelessness of tho
employes of the railroad company.
Falls From Second-Story "Window.
EUREKA, Oct. 27.— News of an accident
at Blue Lakes, which caused the death
of Marie Gely, reached here to-day. The
unfortunate woman -fell out of a second
story window. She was sitting on the sill
of the window watching an approaching
train. Suddenly the train whistled for
brakes. In trying to discover the cause
of the trouble she lost her balance and
fell to the pavement below, receiving fatal
injuries about the head. She was a na
tive of France, aged 37 years and unmar
ried.
PORT TOWNSEND, Oct. 27.— Two
steamers arrived from Nome to-day — the
General Seglin and South Portland, the
latter having 152. passenger*. Both sailed
from Nome on October 11
A report has reached here from Yakutat
to th* effect that Mount St. Ellas was
badly shaken by the recent earthquake
that did so much damage at Kodlak. In
dlan trappers and hunters who were In
the vicinity of the mountain returned to
Yakutat and say that the mountain was
almost broken to pieces. The shocks were
so severe that acres of Ice broke loose
near the top of the mountain and came
crashing down the sides, carrying every
thing before it. Indians state^that from
where the avalanche started clear to the
base of the mountain it made a track
about a half mile wide, where no snow
or Ice remains. All the trappers had not
returned and some fears are entertained
that some may have been caught by tha
avalanche.
to the Valley Below.
TEMBLOR JAES MT. ST. ECIAS.
Great Avalanches Go Crashing Down
SEATTLE. Oct. 27.— Nome advices state
that upon motion of the plaintiffs In the
case of Robert Phlpps vs. the Pioneer
Mining Company, Judge Noyes issued an
Injunction order prohibiting the Pioneer
people from moving any dust taken from
Discovery on Anvil out of Nome precinct.
This order was served < on the defendants
on October 10, and an appeal was at once
taken.
The Injunction made It necessary for the
company to close the claim and to dis
charge the large number of men It had
been employing there. The defendants
work the claim at their own expense and
if they are not allowed to use the output
the money expended is dead loss. The in
junction is considered remarkable froiri
the fact that its effect is diametrically
opposite to that the writ of supersedeas,
issued- by the Circuit Court of Appeals,
was expected to have. The Circuit Court
directed McKenzie to turn dust and ev
erything else over to ! the defendants,
while the Phipps injunction practically re
strains the same defendants from hand
ling the property which the higher court
has given into their oharge and which,
notwithstanding the positive mandate,
they have not succeeded In getting
hold of.
Nome Mining Claims.
Judge "Noyes Continues to Tie Up
•
ISSUES ANOTHER miUNCTION.
The Oregon was still at Nome The South
Portland left Dutch Harbor on the 18th.
McKenile aaked to be allowed to con
sult with his attorneys before being taken
aboard one of the outgoing vessels and
the request was granted, the officers per
sonally conducting him to the office of
Thomas J. Geary. McKenzie related the
details of his arrest to the attorney, who
asked the Marshals to allow him to ln
rpect the warrant. In addition to pro
ducing the warrants, the Marshals pro-
The arrest was made at 8 o'clock on the
morning ot October 15, Just as McKenzie
had finished his breakfast at the Golden
Gate Hotel: The Deputy Marshals walked
up to McKenile as he was leaving the
table and placed him under arrest. Mc-
Kenzie is said to have been taken entirely
by surprise, no news of the later proceed
ings in the court of appeals having pre
viously reached him. The officers In
formed the prisoner that they had been
especially detailed to serve upon him a
warrant for his arr«6t and had taken
every precaution to Insure his delivery In
San Francisco. •
The entire extra is filled with little lines
describing the downfall of receiver Mc-
Kenzie and the hatred felt toward him by
all Xome. The Chronicle says his arrest
has broken up the corrupt gangwhich en
deavored to get its hands on Nome's most
valuable claims by devious methods.
It is peldcm that a calamity happening to a
Kir.pl" individual i» productive of such universal
Joy as when McKenzie the boss, McKenzie the
distributor of patronage, McKenzie the messlah,
McKenzie the all seeing, the all wise, the all
powerful, had become plain Mac the prisoner.
The Valencia railed from Nome on the
morning of October 16. On the preceding
evening Deputy United States Marshals
llonckton and Burnham, who arrived on
the Oregon on October 16. effected the ar
rest of Alexander McKenzie, receiver cf
Xome gold properties, on the warrant is
sued by the Circuit Court of Appeals at
San Francisco. Passengers on the Valen
cia say that the town went wild with Joy
when the Dews was announced. The Xome
Chronicle, which has waged relentless
newspaper war against McKenzie, came
out In an extra, In which It said:
SEATTLE, Oct. 27.— The steamer Valen
cia, Captain Lane, arrived from Xome to
day, bringing 140 passengers and $175,000 in
gold, $50,000 of which is consigned to San
Francisco.
Tb« Valencia left Nome October 18 and
Dutch Harbor October -¦ U. The ¦ Nom©
JEUvw froae ov*r the day the boat left.
The Portland, northbound, and the Robert
Dollar, •outfitqusa, met at Dutch Karbor.
Resolved, That representatives be selected
and . Instructed by ua to , urge upon Congress
the pasaage - of such laws. . or amendments
thereto, za will accomplish thesa objects,
Now, therefore, we, the citizens of Nome,
Alaska, In meeting especially called by Its
Chamber of Commerce, and assembled for the
purpose of giving voice to the sentiments of
this community and devising means for Its ad
vancement and the insurance of its prosperity,
do hereby resolve that we heartily advocate the
amendment of the laws of the United States
f>o as to prevent Jumping of mining claims or
their relocation during th* Ufa of a prior valid
lc cation thereon.- terminate" the practice re
ferred to in the foregoing preamble and provide
for a system of mining laws especially adapted
to Alaska. B« It further .f T^«<HBto»j|f*ill
McKenzie will be brought south on the
first steamer to leave Nome 'after his ar
rest, probably the Oregon.
The intensity of the feeing of Nome peo
ple on the matter of receivership was
demonstrated on October 9 at a great
mass meeting which was called for the
purpose of electing three delegates to rep
resent the district at the coming session
of Congress and lobby for the amendment
and the betterment of the mining laws.
The meeting Is reported to have been
most enthusiastic, and after some debate
the following wcro elected . as delegates:
Samuel Knight of San Francisco (chair
man). Captain Gcorga Baldwin of San
Frrmcireo and E. M. Bennlnger. <
' The polioy which the delegates will pur
sua is given in resolutions presented to
the meeting by Lafe Pence and unani
mously adopted, as .follows:.
Whereas, The growth and prosperity of
Alaska, and particularly the northwestern part
thereof, 1b Inseparably connected with tie min-
Ing- industry; and ~ whereas, , contests without
merit over mlnlnc olalms which h&ve baen
proved to be valuable, and miration arising 1
therefrom, have increased htr« to anon an
alarming extent as to prevent those legitimately
«T>~m& la mining 1 from developing- and operat
ing: their claims and discourage the Invest
ment of capital therein; and whereas, an un
precedented and Iniquitous practice has re-'
ccntly b«en instituted ben of appointing re
ceivers regardless of their fltnees and from mo
tives of personal tain over mining properties
lnvolv«d In litigation, for the benefit of such
receivers and not of the litigant*, and sum
marily dispossessing those who, with their
grantors and predecessors in Interest, have
hitherto been not only In possession of such
properties for some time, and working; tha sam«
In good faith under a claim of title, but who
have also expended in many Instances large
•urns of money for development work thereon;
and whereas, this practice has not only given
rise to blackmail In various ways, and osten
sibly under the forms of law, but has also
Etlfled the permanent growth of this commu
nity, retarded the development of its mines
and ether Industries and blackened its fair
name and reputation; and whereat, we bolleve
that the character and form of government of
tills district. Its great distances and remote
situation from other portions of the United
States, enlle it to a separate system of Federal
mining laws, so framed as to meet the local
conditions existing here,, and so arranged and
phrased as to be easily Intelligible to the vast
body of miners -who make this the field of their
operations.
With this it sent its officers to effect the
arrest and enforce the terms of the writ.
McKenzie refused to surrender the dust,
and to gain time he had his attorneys
present themselves before the United
States Court of Appeals and ask that the
court interpret more fully that portion of
the writ. Tho court replied:
"The writ was clothed in forcible, un
mistakable terms. It speaks for itself."
About two months ago the Circuit Court
of Appeals issued a writ of supersedeas,
directed to Judge Noyes and Receiver Mc~
Kenzle, commanding them to vacate the
receivership on the Anvil Creek property
nnd turn over over to the defendants, the
Pioneer Mining Company and Charles D.
Lane, all of the gold dust extracted from
the claims worked under his regime. The
writ called attention to the fact that if
they disobeyed it they did so at their own
peril. Judge Noyes accordingly vacated
McKenzie's receivership, but refused to
make an order compelling him to turn
over the gold dust.
_________ y
duced a writ Issued by the court em
powering them to take possession of all
the gold dust which McKenzle took out of
Anvil Creek this season and turn It over
to the Pioneer Mining Company.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
United States Marshals Take Him in Charge and Order the Sur
rendering of Gold Dust in His Possession.
; "WILLOWS, Oct. 27.— Attorney Artlrar
Rodgers' condition Is now much Improved
and his physicians do not expect any
further aaiurer. He will be . taken - home
to-morrow If he continues to Improve as
he has to-day. His wife and Dr. Rodgers,
a brother, arrived on to-day"a tram and
are now at his bedside.
Be Out of Danger.
San Francisco Attorney Believed to
ARTHUR .RODOERS IMPROVING.
IjOS ANGELES, Oct. 27.— Word was re
ceived here this morning that the Suprem*
Court has sustained the appeal of Judge
J. D. "Works, who was fined $250 for con
tempt of court by Judge Torrance of San
Diego. The case originated from the In
troduction of an affidavit intended to show
that Judge Torrance was biased and could
not sit in the San Diego water case. The
Supreme Court declares that the introduc
tion of the affidavit was relevant and per
missible.
for Contempt Wins on an
Appeal.
San Diegan Fined by Judge Torranca
SUPEEME COTJET B.TJXES
IN FAVOR OF WORKS
The strike now promises to be long:
drawn out. ¦ The men have arranged to
board and lodge themselves at a point
just this side of Iron Mountain. ofC the
company's ground. The strikers have had
printed In Redding some circulars which
are being put up around the county, es
pecially on the .road to Iron Mountain.
The circular is as follows:
There is a Btriko^on at the Iron Mountain
mine. The miners have demanded a reduction
of the time schedule from ten to eight hour*
for all underground men. All friends of tha
miner and worklngrnan are urged to keep away
from tho mlno until the strike Is settled.
¦ (Slcned) "W. P. AP1.IN,
Chairman of the Committee.
October .27. 1900.
: REDDING, Oct. 27.— Th» bo&rdlnff-housa
at the Iron Mountain, mine closed at noon
to-day, but the trouble that was predicted
If such action were taken by the manage
ment did not occur. Leaders of the strikes
say thare will be no disturbance unless
men are sent In to replace the strikers.
la such case they will not be responsible
tor the acts of their followers.
tended by Disturbance c«i Fart
of Strikers. >-'
Action of Copper Company Hot At-
BOARDING-HOUSE AT
IRON MOUNTAIN" CLOSED
The strain Is telling on Lanrtls. At flr»t
he bore up bravely, but is now apparently
a nervous -wreck, rxuring the last few
hours of his examination he sat dejectedly
In his chair, ecarcely raising his head.
The crimes for which ho must aJiswer
were apparently inspired by jealousy. He
had had several quarrels with his wife
and the two were not living together. On
the night of October 3 I<andls visited nis
wife's home and calling her to the door
shot her as she was attempting to run
to her mother's house. He then walked
downtown, took a few drinks of whisky
and knocked at Clydesdale's door. Tho
latter was in bed. Landis walked in an-1
shot the constable before ho had an op
portunity to defend himself. Clydesdale
was taken to a Sacramento hospital, but
died from his injuries a few days later.
One of the most interested spectators
during the trial was an aunt of Clydes
dale, the murdered constable. When tKa
story of the shooting of her nephew was
told she became hysterical and attacked
the prisoner viciously. She was restrained
from injuring him by Under Sheriff May
and Marshal Ertle.
The preliminary examination was held
before Justice Wills, District Attorney
Wright conducting the prosecution and
Lee Chamberlain appearing for the de
fense. About thirty witnesses wore «jk
amined. The movements of the defend
ant during the night on which the crimes
were committed were traced and testi
mony aa to his sanity at the time ad
mitted.
ROCK1.IN, Oct. ST.— Russell r*mdi#.
who killed his wife and fatally shot W.
J. Clydesdale on the evening of October
3, has been held to appear - before tha
Superior Court on a oharge of murder.
RUSSELL LAMS IS
HELD FOR MURDER
NOME REJOICES OVER RECEIVER
ALEXANDER McKENZIE'S ARREST
Lasalda was a hard-working man and
the only support of a family of eight, the
eldest child being but 12 years of age.
The two were not friends and Lasalda
drove up to Valenzuela's house late last
evening and became very abusive. Valen
zuela struck him wltn the handle of an
ax, kllllnc him with a sinsrle Mow.
BAN JACXNTO. Oct. 27^~Juan VaJenro
ela drove Into town from his home four
miles north early this morning and grave
himself up to the City Marshal, confess
ing that he had killed Jesus Lasalda. an
other Mexican. He claims It was m self
defense.
KILLS HIS MG10R
WITH AN AI-HAKDLE
"MORNT 1 CAXN'OX ON THE WIIOTER AND JOHNXT REIFF OX THE
HORSE HIS BROTHER FAILED TO LAND. FROM LONDON ILLUS
TRATED SPORTING NEWS.
The race was the outcome of the keen
rivalry existing between English and
American horsemen during the past sea
son and was looked upon as the most in
teresting turf event of the year In Eng
land. The aim of the parties proposing
the race was to havo a crack English
horse owned by an Englishman, ridden by
an English jockey and born and bred In
England compete with an American horse
owned by an American, ridden . by an
American Jockey and trained by Ameri
cans, in order. It was said, to demonstrate
the superiority of one style over the
w ' ON'DOX, Oct. 27. — The match be
¦ tween M. Neumann's English
| hors^ Ea?rer, ridden by Morning
jLkmi ton Cannon, and John A. Drake's
American horse Royal Flush, with
L. Reiff up. which was run to-day over
the Hurst Turf Club course, was won by
Eager. Eager won in a canter by three
lengths. The betting was 7 to 4 on Eager.
The weathor was miserable. Royal
Flush and Eager proceeded to the post In
a pelting rain and were loudly applauded.
Both horses appeared to be in the pink
of condition. The wet track was In favor
of Eager, but this was supposed to be
counterbalanced by tho wind being favor
able to the American style of riding. How
ever, the wet turns and twenty-eight
pounds' weight in favor of Eager proved
to be a handicap and Royal Flush was
defeated by the best eprinter In England.
Mr. Malnwaring, the chief handicapper of
Hurst Park, told the whole story. Ho
said: .-. eM?
An additional flllp to the match race Is
that the gold cup. a beautiful specimen of
the goldsmith's art, is the old Epsom
trophy once won by Robert the Devil.
Joseph Leiter and Mr. Drake were among
the Americans present.
other. The Hurst Turf Club offered a
historic Ascot gold cup, valued at £1000,
to the stake of £500 a side. Eager is a
six-year-old bay horse, by Enthusiast,
out of Grceba. Royal Flush is a chestnut
horse, by Favo, out of Flush.
"I made the match In the Interest of
sport alone. Many people in England
wanted to see the horses meet again, but
twenty-eight pounds' weight. Is too much
to give away.
After tho race Royal Flush was sold for
1250 guineas to Frank Gardner, an Aus
tralian gold miner, who is starting a
stable for Sloan. Mr. Drake originally
paid 400 guineas for the horse.
At the Goodwood meeting John "W.
Gates of tho American Steel and "Wire
Company won £100,000 In bets on Royal
Flush.
Mr. Drake, who sails for home on th«
steamer Deutschland to-day, was the
first to congratulate Mr. Neumann. Mr.
Drake, who bet freely prior to the race,
said to a representative of the Associated
Press: " .
horse was so close up."
The rain effased as the horses started.
It was a six furlong straightaway run, so
there was no advantage of position. They
cot away with a good start. Eager speed
ily took such a load that at the distance
the crowd was already yelling "Eager
wins."
Royal Flush, however, gallantly hung
on his opponent's quarters and for a few
moments It looked as though Relff might
duplicate the dashing finish which he had
just ridden on Dominie III. But the ta6k
was too gTcat and Eager finally cantered
home amid an outburst of cheers. Time,
1:15 2-5.
"If two English owners could have been
found to make so reckless a match I
would have been disqualified If I had not
given Royal Flush at least twelve pounds
the advantage. It was a game thing 1 for
Mr. Drake to make such a match, and It
is a tribute to Mr. Wiahard's capability
that under such prohibitive conditions his
Match Race to Demonstrate the Superiority of
Enqlish Jockeys and Horses.
Mr. Bade was away from home and his
wife was alon© with her children when
at 10 o'clock she heard a knock at the
door, rearing that tho visitor was one of
the thugs who h&ve been causing trouble
in Vallejo for ecme time past. Mrs. Bade
did not open the door, but called out to
know what was wanted. Receiving a re
ply that at once assured her that the one
desiring admission was a burglar she
¦went for a revolver and returned to the
door. She opened the door and found
three men on the front steps. The brave
weman demanded that they state their
business cr depart. For an answer one
of the robbers fired a shot at her. which,
however, missed Its mark and did no
dair.&pe. At this Mrs. Bade opened fire
upon the burglars and shot three times at
them before they succeeded In climbing a
fence and escaping. Attacks of this kind
have been frequent in Vallejo of lat« and
the police are kept continually on the
lookout for marauding night prowlers
who take advantage of a ten-cent fare
which a transportation company baa of
fered between Vallejo and San Francisco.
When Mr. Bade returned home shortly
after the shooting he reported the affair
to the police, but the miscreants are still
at large. •
VALLEJO. Oct. 27.— Mrs. Charles Bade
of this city Is one of those rare members
cf her sex who is not afraid of burglars.
The plucky woman exchanged shots with
three prowlers last night and escaped un
pealhed, after patting the culprits to
flight.
Special Dlepatch to Tn» CalL
One of th.6 Culprits Kres Upon. Her
Without Effect and She Aasw«n
With a Volley of
•DlUlCt&
FORGES THEM TO JUMP A FENCE
Vallejo Wile Exchanges
Shots With Three Night .
Prowlers.
BURGLARS PUT
TO FLIGHT BY
BRAVE WOMAN
NEUMANN'S EAGER EASILY
WINS FROM ROYAL FLUSH
Thompson.
Lav — "W. F. Bourland. H. Brtekell, 1* H.
Brown. E. L. Brune, C. A. Cantwell. H. M.
Chajpell, O. T. Cochran. W. M. Cranston, J.
H. Crlasen. R. P. Cross, B. 8. Crow, M. C.
Decarll. F. H. Drake. J. F. English. L. Ferra
ri. Hugh Foster. 8. M. Free. H. R. Fry. C B.
Gtllesple, 8. R. Hicks, C. E. Holbrook. W. G.
Hudson. R. Lockcy, E. N. Mabrey, O. W.
Mordecai, a L. Richards, A. B. 8tewart, Eu
gene Warren. W. J. Wood.
Mechanical' Engineering— E. H. Bangs, C W.
Cross.
Electrical Engineering— N. O. Symonds.
German— Miss B. R. Bacner. Miss K. Blrd
6alU Miss L. M. Carver, Miss H. M. Hogue.
Miss C. D. Keller, Miss R. Merritt. Miss C. D.
Meyer, Miss E. K. Roth. Mies R. B. Wigla.
Mathematics— Miss Yrene ' Pitcher, Miss C
Taber. W. E. Whlttler.
Physics— JT. Q. Brown.
Chemistry— A. J. Cox. J. E. Holmes, A. L.
Moeller. Miss J. Moore. F. J. Reldy. G. S.
Wells. R. \Vhe«ler.
Physlolojy-T-A. W. Baird. Miss M. E. Bar
nard, J. A. Bentley, H. L. Day. L. B. Fergu
son, P. K. Gllman, Miss C. E. Hoscue. Miss E.
McFadden. Miss W. J. Morgan. Miss A- Pol
lock, a. I_ Sobey, Miss T. Etubbs, Miss H.
Vinrard.
Zoology— W. K. Fisher, Miss H. H. Mills. R.
E. Snodgrass.
Geology— H. L. Haehl, H. H. Holley, T. J.
Hoover, B. N. Jackson. A. B. Lemmon, L. D.
Mills. "W. M. Parkin. P. W. Rush. C. C
Thomas.
Romanlo Languages— Miss 8. D. Barn well.
Miss G. McKee, Misa V. Nicolas, Miss B. M.
Shaw.
English— F. C. Bailey, L- E. Bassett. I*. M.
Bowman. C. M. Bradley. Miss M. L. Calrtwell.
Miss E. H. Cone, Miss M. A. Coulter, Miss A.
M. Cowdery, Mlsg L. B. Everett, Miss E. T.
Gray, Mlse R. Harris. Miss E. Hobson. Miss M.
lbs. Miss H. Kallock. Miss E. U. Lynn. C. M.
Marrack, Miss J. Mathews, D. Montgomery,
Miss E. O'Farrell, Miss L. E. Osborne, Miss
L. Patterson, Miss M. M. Pholps. Miss L. I.
Ripley, Miss M. Stanford, H. D. Walter, Miss
E. H. Zucker.
Education— Miss L. L. Cooke, B. t- Mitchell.
Miss G. RowelL F. E. Thompson.
History — Miss J. Ballard. Miss G. Baraaberg.
Miss G. G. Barnhlsel, Miss A. Butterfleld. Miss
A. M. Cole, Miss M. Conneau. Miss K. Daly,
Miss R. L. Davis, Miss Edna Bellinger. H. J.
Edwards. W. K. Gray. Miss L. Hall. Miss M.
Harris. Mli>s J. J. Hoskell. Miss M. E. Hyde.
Miss M. Kldden Miss H. L. Mattho-wa, A. E.
Montelth. Miss S. G. Morrtsson. W*. O. Mor
row, Mins F. Patterson. Miss G. Ramsey, Miss
3. M. Rounds, Miss I* Wilson, Mlas E. 1L
Wood.
Eoonomlcs and Sociology— B. M. Card. W. C.
Day. H. A. Friedman, C F. Rlddell, R. "W.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 27.—
The list of candidates for graduation next
May was posted this morning by Regis
trar Elliott. It contains 166 names. Thia
will be the largest class that Stanford
has ever graduated, excepting that of last
year, which included two more students.
A remarkable feature of this year's class
is the fact that elghty-on© out of the 166
are young women, while* the percentage
of women In the university is only 33 1-3.
Among the departments, law has mad*
the greatest gain in the past year, rank
ing first in point of numbers, with history
and English a tie for second.
Following are the names of the candi
dates and the departments in which they
will take their degree next May:
, Greek— Miss E. Welses.
Classical Philology— F. C. Murgotten, Irvin
Passmore. E. S. llea. Miss M. Weir. Miss J.
Yoch.
; Latin— W. P. Campbell. Mls» C. E. Colemon.
Miss Helen Dorset. Mies G. Evans, E. K. Flint.
Miss Lucy France, Miss A. L. Hamilton. Miss
F. Hopper, Miss M. Meredith, Miss M. A. Phll-
II33. Miss E. W. Rider. Miss F. Taylor. Miss
V. Townsend, Miss J. Wagner.
Civil Engineering— E. Breen. J. F. Byxbee.
H. N. Kuochler.
Although Greatly in the Minority in
the University They. Will Get Al
most One-Half of the
Sheepskins.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One Hundred and Sixty-Six
Names on the Roll .
for 1901.
YOUNG WOMEN WINNING HONORS
GRADUATION
CANDIDATES
AT STANFORD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.
23
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Men's Alaska Seal. Lace or
Congress, Shoes, latest style,
double eoleand extension edg?3,
all sizes; price .S.'t.OO
Cork sole or leather lined 50 c
extra.
Boys' Alaska Seal, sizes 2'i
to 5% $1.7.»
Youths' Alaska Seal, sizes 11
to 2 S1.5O
ALASKA SEAL
WATER-PROOF
$3.00
VIN MARIANI
MARIANI WINE-WORLD FAMOUS T0N1G
A mili stimulant, tha only on« that has no
uspleaaant reactions, and that produces no
harmful effects. This Is asserted after •«»-
tlnued experiene* daring- tha past tMrty-«lx
years. Durinx warm or d»bultatl&« weather
take Vto Martanl with carbonio or soda, or
with chipped or scraped lc*.
>'l TVirt'ia% ... Safes* tXUV*-?-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AXD WASHINGTON BTS.— RB-
modeled and re&orated. KINO, WARD U
<~O European Dlaa. Rooms, COo to d SO day;
W v, to IS week; fJ to CO month. Pro* baths; hot
cold water every room; flre crates la every
room: elevator runs all nleht.
weoHyCi $1.00 18T Year
R HALL'S REINYlGOSATOROTng
Five hundred rewejxJ for any UjTlH
c»h<? we cannot cure. Thia secret ¦asl ~~m
remedy stop* all losses in 24 houra, 1 __m
• urea Einisalocs. Impotency, V«xl- ffflfl tW&L
Crt«Je. Gonorrhoea, Ol^t, Fits frfi PvilTl
{•tricturrs. Lost Manh<**J and all U_\4 ImM
vaftlne effect* of *elf-a.bu*» or i I P?T
excesses. 6ent scaled. J2 bottle; J BBS»sSBs^fc««al
bottle*. So: puaranteed to cure, any cas*. Ad-
drws. HAlX'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
I .n.*iw»y, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073tt
Karket Ft.. S. F". All private diseases quickly
eared. Send for free book. m _.
Pennyroyal pills
C Oriciaal aad Only Ce*nl»e-
Jr-rTTLJTSfeAFF- «i»»r»r»:i»b:«. I. aitlr. sit Prccitt
f if • * .» i^. y4Ty%/5fTVfQi| ¦ u* k>*c SrHf^LY I Wljf
f * t \ V*>*V. >°* CM 1(,11 1^*) i £.1* o J->-* V»J*1?*JU
L'"-\->_F&iL in 1U:J» »d4 Gold sctmUka btw. —v—i
•^ — . . +>:*? •"¦ilk t,.«« ribbon. Tmlcm m» «tk«r. ReTsaa
¦Jri "*""* *V» Pwci ¦— H«»«lllirl— « sad Imlt*.
I / ~ Cj lion*. F « j af jesr DraggiM. er —at 4e- Is
1 W Jf (Ubm tut Partlralars, Te*tim»«UIi
V^» E5 aod*» Relief f*rL«dlea, tt <»Uft«r,b7 re.
¦ if lonHlU. lO.Oom-.lro.a'.a... S*l« *J
-2^J»^^_t_^Z?l_^$)ffi-Zt?2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"TV' breaks up Coughs, Colds, Bron-
chitis, Hoarseness. Laryngitis, Catarrh,
Influenza. Sore Throat, TonsiHUs.. Quin-
gy, Loes ot Voice or Clergyman's Sore
Throat, and Grip with all Its prostration:
Pain In the Head, Back, Chest and Limbs.
Taken early cuts it short promptly;
taken during Its prevalence, preoccupies
the system and prevents its invasion;
taken while suffering- gives quick relief
and leads to entire cure.
"Seventy-seven" consists of a small
rial of pleasant pellets; fits the vest
pocket
At drursl***, 25a \_
Doctor booic mailed frw*.
Humshreys* Homeopathic Medicine Co., Oof.
WlUUm aad Jobs sta. New York.
"77"
Breaks up Colds
that hang on,
Adviser, paper ! covers, is , sent free on
receipt ? of: ai \ one^cent . stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. AHdrets Dr.
R. V. Hexce, Buff alo. N. Y.
When that cry sounds how people
rash to help and sympathize ! And
when some fireman rescues a woman
from the flames, the
streets echo with op-
|Ml a^ plauding shouts.
-Ajad y^ if tnat
" WOInan perished
in the flames It is pot-
Wj W^%$y »hle that she would
&& gk* have suffered less
iSk»oZ^EL an ¦k? suffers al-
most daily from the
I Cwfe^^^§9 inflammation which
/ P disease has lighted in
/ l//7Mtra5r **;^> l^ e delicate -womanly
y£*l organism.
%&2&^sffl Th& fire of inflam-
*r^^ &$&%&%/ m& tion can be put
S j&fc%&/ ont " '^ le 8 nawin g
M^^^jK^^^^ ulcer can be cured.
#3ffii\ \%&zM **' rc . e ' s Favorite
»E§k Prescription not only
J^StijSfcy J^fil^ establishes -womanly
I v"~">jS^ Sl i!r3B regularity and ¦ dries
/ALA fifelfi drains, but
7^^ i Jf Q »!/ nea^ 8 inflammation
7/^^^^j rv and ulcerations and
S^Ywiripf 1 1 (S W/i cures female weak-
zbySi^ »j M ness. It makes weak
* women . strong and
' sick women well.
"I suffered for fonr -years with what four phy-
sicians pronounced niceration and prolapsus of
the uterus," writes MrsJ Ada Brooks, of Kirby-
ville, Taney Co., Missouri. « Also inflammation
of bladder and urethra. My case was chronic
' and complicated. ¦ Had several good physicians,
but kept Retting worse. Had. been confined to
my bed five mouths when I wrote to you. I
received yo«r reply very soon and then dis-
missed my physician and bejran takinjp Dr,
Pierce's medicines. I took eight bottles of his
• Favorite Irescription '. and ' Golden Medical
Discovery,' and bejjan to get better at once. In
two months I could sit up in a chair, and kept
getting better. In four months could do all my
boose work. Including washing and sewing." •
; Dr.' Pierce's Common Sense Medical
¦•One uiorninp father Rot up and raid he was
hun*ry. TTil* »u a goorj sign, as he rarely ate
much breakfast. He w^-nt away and when he
came home at noon perfectly sober I was al-
most frantic with Joy, as I hadn't seen him so-
ber for half a day before In over fourteen year*.
After dinn«r he sat down in the biff easy chair
and said. 'Edith. I don't know what has come
over me, but I hate the sight and smell of
liquor sjid am going to stop drinking forever.'
This was too much for me and I told him then
what I had done. well, we both had a good
cry. and now we have the happiest home and
th« kindest father you can imagine. I am so
glad you will publish this experience, for it will
reach many others and let them know about
that wonderful Golden Specific"
Zt Ktir.es. the dlsooverer. will send a sam>
r>!e of this crand remedy free to all who will
write tor it. XJnoueb of the remedy la mailed
« re « to ebow how It Is used In tea, coSe« or
food and that It will cure the dreaded habit
oulfctlT and permer-entiT. Bend your name and
adar*s« to Dr7 3. W. Halnes, 2SSJ Glenn Build-
ing Cincinnati. Ohio, and he will mall a free
eaniple of tha rem«dy to you. securely s«al«d in
a plain wrapper, also full directions how to use
it. books and testimonials from hundreds who
have been cured, and everythtaf needed to aid
you In eavir.x those near and drar to you from
a life of degradation and ultimate poverty and
SenS^for a free trial to-dajr. It will brighten
the rest of your life.
"~ff. father Ie s reformed man," #ie said,
"and "ur friends think It a miracle that I
cured him without his knowledge or consent. I
timA read how Mrs. Kate Lynch of 329 Ellis at..
f-ji" Kranclsco. Cal.. had cured her husband by
lining" a remedy secretly In his coffee and food
and I r.Tote to Dr. Halnes for a trial. When
It oaire I put some In fathers coffee snd fool
and watched him closely, but he couldn't tell
the differ^nee. ko I kept It up.
MXES EDITH WILLIAMS.
10 Third St.. San Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
B. KATSCHINSKI,
f Fashion's
Fn i/o nfp
I LLVUl IIC
and Only
¦f^ M __ IB I
El a R.a 8 vLfl US
ad a
Fashions of To-Day
The rainy weather tklrt necessi-
tates a high top shoe. It is not a
luxury nor a fad, but a coad, sen-
sible need-
Be one of the first to fulfill that
seed and set a shoe that ••will stand
all kinds of weather; saves doc-
tor bills and your health. You cm
do It by rattlnff a pair of our 9-Ls.
Ladies' Golf Shoes
S2.5O
Mad» of finest quality GLAZED
KAICGJLROO KII>. with wide cola
toe. patent leather tip. heavy sol*
and extension edges.
All sizes; width A to E.
Stamping done free on all goods bought of us. Lessons given
in embroidery. Delivery free in city and bay towns.
Nothing eoulfl be more dramatis or devoted
than tie manner in which Mle» Edith Wil-
liams. Box 36. TVm j D*» v Hie. O-. cured her
drunken farther alter years ot misery, wretched-
Bess and almost unbearable suffering.
to Show How Easy It Is to
Cure Drunkards.
Trial Package of the Remedy Mailed Free
Lady Reader of This Paper to
Know How She Saved
Her Father.
Used an Odorless and Tasteless
Remedy In His Food, Quickly
Curing: Him Without His
Knowledge.
Miss Edith Williams Wants Every
Cured
AD7iKTISEMZ7."TS.
Drunkards
/ Easily
Numerous Other New and Pretty Designs in Pillow Top*.
College Pillows.
We have provided for the coming football season and the
enthusiasm of the many ardent supporters of our two great
universities by creating two new and original pillow designs for
each college — the Stanford designs in red and those of Berkeley
in blue and gold. These designs cannot be found elsewhere,
and can be seen worked up in our art room. PfJGS, T Xac l k n , d 50C
Per Yard 12^c
Fancy Striped Wash Ribbons, in
all colors, 3 inches wide, 25c quality —
Per Yard 15c
Per Yard 25c
All-silk Taffeta Ribbon, 3$4 inches
wide, in all colors, 20c quality —
Metallic, the new weave, in all
silk' six-inch taffeta ribbon, beautiful
luster, 40c width and quality —
Ribbons.
Roman Striped Corded Ribbons,
3 inches wide, in all the choice color- •
ings, regular 50c quality —
Per Yard 30c
Four-inch Taffeta Ribbon, having
large polka dots, the very latest ef-
fect, regular 35c crade —
Per Yard 25c
We have the very latest novelty in
black velvet ribbon with cold edges,
very pretty for belts, neck ribbons,
etc, in two widths. Ask to see them.
Well made of heavy jjolf material,
in Oxford gray, navy and brown,
having heavy felled seams and seven
rows of stitching around bottom.
One of the best sellers we have ever
had, the second large invoice being
just opened— Price $4.50
A large line of. short skirt3 at both
higher and lower prices.
Rainy=Day Skirt.
Same suit, except that skirt is of
walking length, of plaid back polf
material— : v Suit $12.50
Ladies' Tailor-made Suit of good
quality all-wool gray serge, seams
tailor stitched, stylish silk-lined Eton
jacket, trimmed with large pearl but-
tons. One of the best values in our
entire assortment — Price $12
Serge Suit.
plete until everything is to
he customer's satisfaction.
This week we mention two items which, on inspec-
tion, will give you a very good idea of the excellent
values that have made our Tailored Suit Department
so successful. Such garments as these, at such prices
as these, should induce a great many to visit us. We
are always careful — very careful — about the fit of these
suits and skirts, and we do not consider a sale corn-
• • • • QtlU e • • •
Tailored Suits
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.DIED.
GOLDSMITtt-In this cltr, October . XI, W»,
¦¦ Edward Goldsmith, beloved husband of Berth
H. t and -father of Monroe K. and Byron E.
. Goldsmith, a natlv* of Gtmuinr. «««d M
i ' vitA r*_ ¦¦ * ' - f . - .- .... % ....,,
Nevada County Miners' Association;
NEVADA CITY, Oct. 27.— The Nevada
County, Miners' Association held, its an
nual meeting 1 this afternoon. The treas
urer's report showed $1250 ¦ had , been col
lected during the year and $1150 disbursed;
all but (50 of this going to the State asso
ciation. Fred Zeitler : of dthls city, who
is a candidate ' for election as ' president
of the State association, was > indorsed.
DOHESTTC PORT.
CASPAR— Arrived Oct ; 37— Stmr LueU*. bno
Oat. 26.- ¦ • :
'-¦ ARRIVED. s
Saturday. : October 17. i \
Btmr Excelsior, Humphreys, «H days from
Seattle.' •'¦ • • • ¦ ¦ • :.-- - r-VH
Mex Btmr Ban Benlto, Bengeechso, 7 days fm
Maxatlan. .-....¦.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
No Person Is Well Dressed
Without a Shapely Shoe
How to procure a .pair of (shoes for
yourself that is neat and well made is the
object, of this article. Every person in
this city will , have an opportunity that
comes but seldom to buy; either ladies' or
men's ehoes that cost $3 50 for only $1 35
a pair. There will be. on sale to-morrow
2000 pairs of them— shoes that are stylish;
all sizes and « widths, in black and tan.
The ladies' shoes are either lace or but
ton, vesting or kid top. Never have been
sold less than $3 50. The men's shoes are
vici kid, box calf, sealskin or kangaroo,
ln either lace or congress. Worth * $3 50
every pair of them. To-morrow all will be
sold for $1 35 a pair at the assignee shoo
sale of the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market
street, near Fourth. P. C. Kelly, as
signee. , . . •
HTJLI, McCLAUGKRY WEDS
MRS. ANITA BALDWIN
Carson Justice Officiates at .the Mar-
rlage of the San Fran
ciscans.
CARSON, Oct. 27.— Hull McClaughry. the
young Democratic leader of San Francis
co, and Mrs. Anita Baldwin were yesterday
made husband and wife In this city. The
ceremony was performed by Justice of the
Peace Stone. County Clerk Cowing and
County Recorder Wall acted as witnesses.
It had b^en planned by the young couple
that Mr. MoClaughry's mother, Mrs. S. C.
MeClaughry of Gait, should accompany
them to Nevada to be present at the cere
mony, but owing to illness she could not
make the trip. Her absence was the only
feature to mar the happiness of the San
Franciscans, despite the fact that their
marriage occurred months before the date
for which they had planned it. because of
the unfortunate publicity given an erro
neous report that they had been secretly
wedded several days ago. Mr. and Mrs.
McOlaughry took their departure last
evening for San Francisco, followed by
the well wishes of Carson friends.
NAMES ITS OFFICERS.
Association's Election.
Southern California Sunday' School
LOS ANGELES-, Oct. 27.— The principal
business before the Southern California
Sunday-School. Association to-day was the
election of officers, which resulted as fol
lows:
President— Rev. F. M. Dowllng, Pasadena.
Vice President at Lbtko— Dr. J. D. . Moody,
Ixw Angeles.
Secretary— W. F. Callander, Los Angeles.
Treaaurer-^S. C. Evans Jr., Riverside. |
County presidents— Kern, Ernest .Andrews;
Panta Barbara. Ell Kimberley; Ventura, D. W.
Huffman : Los Anpelea, Mrs. J. D. Burch; San
Bernardino, George \\V Gooch; Ban Diego,"Ja
cob It. Freeman: Riverside, W. ' W. Ayers;
Orange, U. S. Lemon.
MlRS. STANTOBI) . PLANS
AN . AMERICAN HOSPITAX
Her Agents Are .Negotiating ; for Ex
position Buildings, Which
May Be Rebuilt.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.— A special to the
World from Paris says Mrs.Leland Stan
ford'* agenta are negotiating to secure
certain exposition, buildings which could
be taken apart and erected upon ground
already purchased in a pleasant suburb
of Paris, to serve as an American hos-
pital.
Such an institution is more and more
needed with the growing number of Amer
icans of both sexes employed by United
States firms opening branches in France.
The English colony maintains a splendid
ly appointed hospital, but though Ameri
can patients, are. occasionally admitted
lack of rooms oftener precludes It.
Mrs. Stanford will 'not only give the
land and buildings, but a sufficient endow
ment to maintain sixty beds and the staff
needed.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Oct. 27.— Joseph Cook
t».*> 15-ytar-old ton of William F. Cook,
operator of several large cattle ranches
north of Phoenix, was accidentally shot
and killed this afternoon while h'unting
with -a young friond south of this city.
His loaned h«roiipr!<>.«? gun was resting
on th»» muzzle at the bottom of the cart.
It Flipped down and the ?a/ety lock was
caught. Cook pullM the gun upward and
the movement exploded the shell, almost
tearing away the left Fide of his body.
Young Hunter Accidentally Shot.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 27.-The wt)rk of
counting the inhabitants of the United
Mates was practically completed by the
Census Bureau to-day and next week Di
rector Merriam will announce the popu
lation of the country. His statement,
however, will be subject to slight revi
sion. Ail the returns from Alaska are not
yet In and the returns from the American
soldiers and sailors serving in the Philip
pines and elsewhere abroad are not com
plete These figures will be estimated.
rea the States and Territories
will be official. •¦: ¦¦; : ; ' ;.
The work of the present census has pro
ceeded upon a system entirely different
from that of the last census. The first of
the population under the last censua was
S£ a i, ha * d count and waa completed
Thanksgiving day, 1890. The work of
punching the indfvidual cards containing
individual; statistics was not begun umil
March. 1S91. and was not completed unt
September. 1891. The present count ha^
proceeded as each card has been punched
so that now with the completion of the
count the individual statistics aa punched
in the cards are complete. v
The other statistics cannot be ground
out mechanically from the punched cards
ft««» t h C h° t ta . 1 P°P u 'ation and the p^pul
lation by States and Territories are an
nounced next week the bulletins showing
the population of States and Territories
Director Merriam Will An
nounce Result in a
Few Days.
CENSUS COUNT
ALMOST ENDED
WASHINGTON. Oct. 27.— Minister Con
per hag preferred charges of eovk...'dice
against" Captain Newt T. Hall. U. S. M. C,
the second in command of the marine
force at Peking 1 during the siege. The de
tails are closely guarded, the regulations
of the War Department and the Navy De
partment strictly forbidding publicity at
this stage. It is gathered, however, that
Mr. Conger questioned Captain Hall's
courage because of the latter declina
tion to carry out certain military opera
tions suggested by the Minister. The
charges in the ordinary course passed into
the hands of General Chaffee, the com
mander in chief of the forces ln China,
who examined .them, made an Inquiry on
his own account and then, concluding that
the whole matter rested on the difference
of judgment between the Minister and the
captain, sent the papers to Washington,
with a recommendation that no further
proceedings be had, a finding vindicating
the captain.
From the War Department the papers
went to the Navy Department, and after
some consideration It was determined that
the high morale of the marine corps re
quired the most formal and complete ac
quittal of an accused officer from such .a
charge in order that he might not in after
years suffer from its repetition. Conse
quently the papers were referred to Gen
eral Hey wood, the commandant of ma
rines, who is taking steps to have a thor
ough investigation by a proper court. It
happens that the only report of the con
duct of the marines at Peking, to reach
the department was from Captain Hall,
the senior officer, Captain Miles being too
ill to report.
Minister Conger Prefers
Charges Against the Cap
tain of Marines.
HALL ACCUSED
OF COWARDICE
VICTIMS OF
THE FILIPINOS
General MacArthur Sends
List of Soldiers Killed
or Wounded.
¦WASHINGTON. Oct. 27.— The following
casualties were received at the War De
partment to-day from General MacArthur
*t Manila:
Killed: NaFUjruh, Luzr>n. Oct^b^r 21 — Com
pany F. Twmty-f-jrhth Intantry. Jr.hn McBrid^;
CVmpany H. Twi-nty-^ighth Volunteer Infan
try, Jr.hn O'Hara. October Ih. Bayamhans.
Luzon— Company L. SeveniePnth Infantry, Cor
p-Tal Wtlllam F. Steimr; Otto F<>nholm. Octo
rx-i £4. fc-'an iFfiJro, Luzon — Com|*ny A, Seven
twmh Inrantry. Thomas M. .Sweeney. Octo
t*T T. Maulbaul, Obu— Company K. Forty
liurth Infantry. Charles Uranienburg. Octo
ber If'. TaSavara, Luzon— Company I, Twenty
rocrth Infantry. William S. James.
Wounded: Ck-tntver Tl, .Nafusrub, Luzon —
Tw»nty-eiKhth Infantry. Captain Oeorpe \V.
B<»ip:er. wounded in left, slight: Company F.
Twf-aty-righth Infantry, Raymond Sweeney;
O mpany G, Twenty-eighth Infantry. Frank
E. Mtkailik: Kred M. -Sunter. October 2o, Bay
etnhane—Company L. Seventeenth Infantry,
Arthur V. Farrar. James Barr. Wllllaxn Haler.
Cx-tofrf-r 7. Piniat. Luion-Troop H, Third Cav
alry. William J. McMahon. hip. severe. Octo
ber 1?, Cstlamba, Luzon— < v»mpany D. Thirty
rinth Infantry. James McGinnis, wounded ln
arm, slig-ht; Alva. CundlfT. arm. seriouB. Orto-
Ifr 10. Munon. Lczon— Compajiy I. Twenty-
Jourth Infantry Edwin Skinner, thigh, serious;
George W. .lack^on. arm, fcerious.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct.' 27.— Maurice Grau
and many of his opera company, who
Btart West on Friday to open the season
in California, arrived from Europe to-day.
Mr. Grau, Mme. Nordica and others were
on the New York. Mme. Melba came on
the Campania. Others arrived on the
Acquitane. The company will return here
in December for a long stay at the Metro
politan Opera-house.
"I expect to have a fine season of
opera, 1 ' said Mr. Grau, "and shall have a
Duty winter, as the Bernhardt-Coquelln
tour is also under my management. Jean
de Reske ls surely coming. His voice Is
—•nSw,^ continued Mr. Grau. "let me tell
you that I expect Puccini over here for a
production of his operas 'La Boheme and
•La Tosca.' I intended to open with La
Boheme,' which is one of Mme. Melba s
great successes; but as Puccini will not be
Bere ln time It will be, given later ln the
season. In 'La Tosca' the ernina will
appear. I expect also to give 'Le Cid and
••^n^MUe.'Breval you will, I think, hear
one of the great prlma donnas of the day.
Mme. Nordlca's contract for the New
York season was concluded only on the
trip over. When we sailed we had signed
for only fifteen appearances on the West-
Mme. Nordica came down the gangway
looking ln blooming health. I have been
resting In the Black Forest most of the
summer." she said. "I went to Oberam
merpau for the "Passion Play, and also
by Mme. Cosima's invitation spent a few
days ln Bayreuth. Yes. Mr. Grau and
myself came to terms for the New York
season on the trip over. I think that the
sea air benefited him, or perhaps he has
contracted the 'Nordlca habit.' '
"I am delighted to bo back," said Mme.
Melba, as handsome as ever and Bmillng
pleasantly, when 'she came off the Cam
pania. ¦'¦ •' ': .' *-'¦•>'. '::.:"¦¦' > ¦ I
"I will sing this season a role which la
new to me— Leonora ln Trovatore' ; also
Zerllna In 'Don Giovanni.' I am very glad
of the opportunity to appear in New YorK
in 'La Boheme.' an opera of which I am
extremaly fond."
MBS. XBHLINa DENIES
PECHYINCr QBATTS OPERA
Bays tetter Filed With Supervisors
Is the Work of a
A letter was filed yesterday with the
Board of Supervisors purporting: to have
been written by and bearing the alleged
signature of Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, man
ager of the Tivoll Opera-house. The
substance of the letter Is a warning: to
playgoers against the Grau Opera Com
pany. The writer says: "This company
is composed of one prima donna and one
tenor. The balance of the company will
be comprised of our. local operatic frater
nity under assumed Italian names. The
same artists can be heard ln our local
opera-house for 50 cents. A bond should
be executed and duly tilled up to the order
of his Honor the Mayor and the Chief of
Police' for the faithful .performance of
contract by the Grau, Opera. Company as
advertised in the dally papers."
When seen yesterday afternoon Mrs.
Krellng and-.W,' H. Leahy were highly In
dignant over the affair. "It is the work
of a crank," said Mrs. ¦• Kreling.
"Any one who knows tho Tivoli knows."
said • Leahy, "that ; a rival company In
creases the popular taste for opera and
sends us audlonces we should not other
wise 'get. Besides. -the Grau- Opera Com
pany is composed' of responsible artists
and is without doubt ! the - greatest ever
brought to this coast. This letter is the
work of; a crank or an- enemy. "Why, it
Isn't even spelled correctly."
The Tivoli management ' will put the
matter into the'hands of- the police.
Famous Singers Will Soon
Start for San Fran-
G1SG0.
Melba and Nordica in the Party and
They Appear to Be in the Best
of Health and
' Spirits.
GRAU OPERA
COMPANY NOW
IN NEW YORK
n _¦ RS. MARGARET GONZALES.
01 11 wife of Edward Gonzales. a
§ \m \ pressman on a morning paper,
i V 1 killed herself yesterday after
noon at her residence, 812^
Minna street, by swallowing the content?
af a bottle of carbolic acid. Her husband
was present at the time and Immediately
summoned Dr. Willla.-n McLaren of 142V4
Fourth street, but when the doctor ar
rived Mrs. Gonzales was dead.
Mrs. Livingston, a neighbor, took care
of Mrs. Gonzales pending the arrival of
the doctor. She asked the one who had
swallowed the acid as to her reason for
taking the poison and the dying woman
replied. "Oh, nothing."
The Coroner was notified by telephone
at 3:15 p. m., but the Deputy Coroner de
tailed to Investigate the case did not ar
rive at the Gonzales residence until about
5 p. m. He came with Mr. Gonzales, who
had grone to the Coroner's office to ex
plain how his wife had died and to urge
that the body might be allowed to remain
at the residence.
Mrs. Gonzales was a very pretty woman.
Her neighbors say that they know of no
reason why she should have killed her
self.
The husband informed Deputy Coroner
Brown that his wife had no Intention of
committing suicide- and mistook the car
bolic acid for liver medicine. She was a
native of San Francisco and 26 years old.
Sir John Cowan.
LONDON, Oct. 27.— Sir John Cowan,
Bart., is dead. He was born in 1814.
Hugh B. Owen.
GUTIIRIE, O. T., Oct. 27.— Hugh B.
Owen. Fusion nominee ror the Legisla
ture from the Second District, di£d sud
denly of heart failure at 7:30 p. m. at his
home In Ponca City.
MONTPELIER. Vt.. Oct. 27.— Edward
Dewey, brother of Admiral Dewey, has
died at his home in this city. He had
been ill several months with kidney
trouble, but his death was unexpected.
He was 71 years of agt;. He served ln tho
Civil "War as quartermaster of the Elgrhth
Vermont Regiment. .
Edward Dewey.
C/he fiqys &ead.
WILLOWS, Oct. 27.— Light showers are
falling here. Prospects are bright for a
heavy fall before morning.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 27.— Rain com
menced falling here at 10 o'clock to-night.
There is no fruit now to he injured and
the farmers are ready for any reasonable
rainfall.
Raining at Sacramento.
DALLAS, Tex.. Oct. 27.— W. S. Rob
son, one of the most extensive cotton
planters of Texas, has gathered statistics
from the Brazos and Colorado valleys and
declares that the boll weavil has de
stroyed fix million dollars' worth of this
year's cotton crop.
Much Cotton Destroyed.
MRS. MARGARET GONZALES, WHOSE DEATH RESULTED FROM
SWALLOWING CARBOLIC ACID. HER HUSBAND SAYS SHE TOOK
IT BT MISTAKE. THINKING IT WAS MEDICINE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C AI/L, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1 900.
Ends Her Life in Presence of Her Husband,
Declining to Give a Reason for Her Act.
PRETTY MRS. GONZALES TAKES
DRAUGHT OF CARBOLIC ACID
24
OF MEN.
Among: other ailments we cure lost man-
hood, wasting drains, unnatural losses, etc.
private diseases. Including contagious blood
poison; also varicocele, .hydrocele, stricture,
rupture, diseases of the kidneys, bladder,
spine, etc.
Our home cure department has been ln
successful operation since 1SS1. Sufferers who
cannot come to San Francisco should writ*
for our private book for men. question list,
advice, etc. This little publication should be
ln the hands of every man, young: or old, mar-
ried or single, sick or well.
Our offices are still at the old location,
where we have been for so many years, and
where we can be consulted free of chargr*
from 8 to 5 daily: 7 to 8 evenings; 9 to 11 Sun-
days. Elevator entrance.
731 MARKET |^% c .sco.
AILMENTS
CURE ALL
DR. MEYERS S CO.,
SKILLED SPECIALISTS.
Patients may deposit the price of a cure ln
any San Francisco bank, to remain there till
they are well, or may pay In monthly Install-
ments. Prices reasonable alike to rich and
poor. .**•''
Our physicians are all regrular graduates
from the best medical colleges. They have had
many years' experience in hospitals, ln general
practice and as specialists. "We do r.ot send
our patients to high-priced drug stores where
their prescriptions may be carelessly filled,
but we supply all medicines necessary to ef-
fect a cure from our own private laboratories.
FREE OF COST.
CALIFORNIA NDRTflWESTEBN BY. CO.
LiEISSEHl'
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
.„, KAIL WAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Mnrket St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 18:85,
8:80. 5:10. 6:S0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 o. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 d. m. ""!
SUNDAYS— S:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, S:30,
5:00. 8:20 t>. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:43.
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and «:J5 p. m.
6UNDAYS— S:10, 8:40. 11:10 a. m.| 1:«, 1:40,
6:06. «:1S p. m.
Between San Frandaeo and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. -. ¦¦¦ '"'" *
Santa Fe
Trains— D»"y
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
LeaT»V J in Effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 13. 1900.1 Ban Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days, f daya. I Destination.] day. ] Days.
7-30 am 8:00 sm Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:19 pm »:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:S5 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton. I
7:S0 am 'Windsor. 10:2J am
Healdsburc-
L-yttcn.
aeyierrtlle,
>!«0pm 8:00 am Cloverdalt. T:t3 pm 6:10 pm
7:80 ami" ~I Hopland I 110:J3 am
1:30 pm| 1:00 ami and Uklah. ] 7:85 pm| »:t0 pm
T:30am J _^,, " - „ W:K * m
140 in OnernarrHIa. f :*3 pm
1:80 pm «^0P«*
7:S0 "« 8:00 am Bonoma 1:15 am >:40 am
and
8:10 pm IKM pm Oltn Ellen. f:OS pm %'M pa
7:80 ami 1:00 ami 110:40 am|10:l5 am
8:80 pm| 8:00 pm| BebaatopoL | 7:85 pm| 1:20 pm
Stains connect at Santa Rosa ror Mark West
Sprinn and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Sprlnrs ; at
Oeyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at C3overdaio
for the Geysers: at Bopland for Duncan
Spring, Highland Sprlnrs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
6pring»; at Uklah for Vichy Springy, Saratoga
Bprlncrs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. U:>p*r Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, RlversMe. U*rley*s. Backnell'a.
Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, West-
port. Usal, Wlllltt, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's 8print-s, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Bootla
and Eureka,
Saturday to Monday round trtp ticket* at
reduced -rates. . •
On Sunday rrmnd trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket offices. 650 Market «t.. Chronicle bide
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager, Pen. Pasa. Arent-
iiiSifillfii
I ill mi m
— ¦, Denver ~« 10:00 a. m
" Kansas City... 6:15 pm
- Chicago T:40*m .
' » a. m. train is th« Overland Express. Corr«-
•pondlng train arrtvea at « p. m. dally. _
4 10 p. m. ls Stockton Local. Correapondln*
train arrives 11:06 a. m. dally. . ¦ '
8:00 p. m. ls Fresno and Bakersfltld Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 8 a. in. dally.
OFFICES— «1 Market st. and In Ferry t>«rpo€.
Ban Francisco: »H Broadway. Oakland. »»— »,
WHAT PEOPLE SAY.
Is Not What Makes a Remedy
Valuable.
Testimonials are good things and we
are always glad to get them, but they
don t make our remedy any better
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are good be-
cause they do good— because they cure.
Testimonials simply prove that the Tab-
lets have helped other people, but it's
yourself you are most interested in, and
whether they, will cure you is the Ques-
tion. -\.
It is very easy to ftnd out— try them.
A full package costs but fifty cents at
your druggists. They are worth that if
they only help you a little bit. The chance
is worth taking at the price.
We put it on that basis because you
don't know about the tablets. If you
knew as much about them as we do you
would have complete confidence; this ad-
vertisement would be unnecessary We
have seen them cure the worst cases of
stomach trouble. Cases of long standing
and obstinacy, cases that other medicines
and even high priced doctors had failed
to subdue. r . ¦'¦...
Here are some testimonials, -if you
care to read them we have thousands of
them: , .
Rev. J. R. Hoag of Wymore. Nebraska
writes: For six years I have been
troubled with dyspepsia. Last fall I be-
came very much alarmed at some symp-
toms of heart trouble and cams to be-
lieve there waa a sympathetic relation
between the two diseases, or rather, that
the stomach trouble was the cause of the
heart disturbance. I , hit upon Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets for a remedy and in-
vested a dollar and a half for three boxes,
which lasted me three months, and I can
eat any kind of food I want and have
a good vigorous appetite. Although I am
77 years old, I now feel perfectly well,
and without being requested by any one
I make this statement as a compliment to
the virtues of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Mrs.Lydla Bartram of Assyria, Mich.,
writes: I have suffered from stomach
trouble, for ten years and five different
doctors _gave me only temporary relief.
A Mr. E. R. Page advised me to try
Stuart's - Dyspepsia Tablets, and four
boxes did me more permanent benefit than
all the doctor's medicines that I have
ever taken.
We honestly believe that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets are the best medicine ever
made for the cure of stomach troubles.
Don't mistake qur meaning. We don't
claim them to cure anything but dyspep-
sia and stomachic disorders. Just the one
thing is what • they - are made for, but
that one thine is the cause — the starting
p Int f of nearly all ; the sickness in the
v.'O'ld. ¦¦.---¦ • .- ¦ i
Use Stuart's Tablets regularly. Keep
your stomach right and you can never be
sick. :
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlsbad of America, ls cow open for the
winter season. Address C. T. KOilZE. Paraiao
F I rlr.es Cal. .
WINTER RESORTS.
FURNITURE AND CARPETS
AT 20 PER CENT DISCOUNT
FROM REGULAR PRIGE.
Fre« delivery within 200 miles.
Open evenings.
BRiLUANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Xear Powell.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I THREE ROUSING BARGAIN DAYS |
SZ ARE SCHEDULED FOR . .
I MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY f
SI OCT. 29th, OCT. 3Oth. OCT. 31st. 12
•^ We have prepared for a record-breakinft event. The EXCEPTIONAL PRICE-CUTTING will undoubtedly brinfi 13
ZZ- here hundreds of shrewdest buyers. EACH AND EVERY ARTICLE bears the marks o? ECONOMY AND MERIT. =3
I il|ii| waist sale, ti^nCinVFCqiipPflir^
S /^C^M^ l)Zl30 EACH ' FITTED AND GUARANTEED. 2
% fffflW*mh We n ir% hv J^^iisr^FeXtfszL- sis: /\ , *'m* . !~
•a— /•*/ #i» '• "i.4-1 ',fJ morrow, one of our famous SALES OF Hpn<ittm<»nt n't h«vp « c( .iir«i fmm fl A I
. /:'j./Pit •• T> I ' 'I ciitr -rt'ATOTc r-,i rm i,,u,, romnmKso uepanmcni. we iiate secured irorn i.j IS
£ %V^^*Vi lu« abI b4n d Kved fiUi Th4 ar ar; mS verv S Tn"e^ 1 parVuiar. T£$S%
g- /# fW \ <¦ riM Row. Purrle. New Blue. Lavender. e.zee. In colors or
»-" / ifi**** / and Black. A $5 50 waist C»C>.i»8 TAN, BROWN, GRAT, MODF, RED. _- _. _ __ — ¦•
aw- Jj^ f '*^ y r or Each O-^ BLACK and WHITE. On sale at.... PAIR,
% IMPORTED EXTRAORDINARY SALE. sav.pl- %
ZZ RRfUnfMnTH COLF SKIRTS. rj
•^ CnUAUULUIn mi<!>>n''ni rt ni^n acv m fit-lit g% #% Pk C% (*k A third less than ac- zZZ
ci o; i v»on Dl e\'l \W k\ l\i S v OL Ub JSPr/ 1*1161 sdv tuaI value - The n - nker ""•
— Sl./D A YAnl). K S» Rii III ff |M g \ Jf K| l5l B la IqlilBiaX of these garments has
n Xc» quertlon about the | \ L Ifo I \ ft I « B O US U L H U ll UUvU^i a reputation for work- =5
— — rwipuia-lrv or Hioad- I mansnlp or the h.ghest —^
2H datb. The r,nc on sale sort. lie closed out to =5
•»»- to-m^rrow 15 52 inche? A season's unprecedented Felling of Black Dress Goods has ¦£ us 60 of his best-selling _^»
•T* wide, warrant"! all 1 left u« a crearer qi-antity and variety of Remnants than any M styles, made of OTford
J^I wool, soft and rich of previous peason. Every shcrt pieoe. no matter what the former ¦ ™ a , J lv ? wn an . , -••
•^" a superior Quality. In j>rif-e was. will h- clr>se ( l out at just ONE-HALF price. You __ _ Plald-back material, —-#
y— Fhades of Tan Mode. will he able t-i find just the length you need, either for a Waist. . with rows of stitching ~"^
¦»— Brwn. Oaj-diriaJ. Gar- Skirt or I>ress. varying; frr.m 2 to 6 yard-.. There are Crepons. V^a* on bottom - a perfect- _^
•*— ret Navy Green and ' Silk Matela==ei=. Cheyipts, Venetians. Broadcloths, Serges and tSSam - hanelng skirt. To ne — >*i
S^ Black. "Pr*. CI- 3S Alpacas, all to he closed out at ONE-HALF the regular selling: offered to-morrow at
•£- cial value.. Yd O« price. PRICE $4.75 EACH.
H SI.00 BUCK SILKS 65c Y/5RD. IMMENSE SALE OF NECKWEAR— 50c EACH.
•>•- We inten;! to douh'.e our last weeks PHENOMENAL SILK A MAXUFACTyRER'S ENTIRE LINE of SAMPLE JABOTS, US
— - WPINF^S Wc »« 10 /° J- 1 by nff 7 ln K Z°* lor v th L daimy and «Q uls ite effects, about 600 pieces In all; made of
? ou rl n de So!< - trimraed autifu^ - ith rtbb ° n ana ia «- 3
«»_ chM'e »¦«<¦•* in Ftlark .^atin r>u<:hes?e. Oros-Grain and TafTeta. ln aU tne Pretty light colors; sold regularly at $1 each. K/"V_ r-«
«g— with Bayadere and Pektns strliiep. Po cheaply did he secuie they last, your choice Each OvFC< —^
j^ them that we ire enable.! to offer them for leys than f}CCi-» ¦ —^
a»— the (lrfpinal erst of the raw silk. On sj>ec;al saJe..Yard vfd 1^ -*m
-^ Mnn I iniCCi WRAPPFH^v We Present to-morrow one of thi -^»
BUCK PFAU DE SQ1F. X ? . c ?2£S ticm wlth ,, the , ahove sp ?" Jnrnm in ic r l Jl best Wr»PPer values of the season. r-J
S.7ic n M. J J j r I a! n!r?r ! w 7 f wJUtrfaeejon sal» SPECIAL S2.45 Earh The >' are i"ade of fine German =35
•^ $.25 Oil? IltV 92C Yard. 1? yani!= , f^ 11 ";"' 1 " 1 K<« J , , '''•''''"III. Kiderdown Flannel, in pretty -3
,^_ wi.«.u yu ..ii. j, Hi* iciu. WPar | nK mark Peau de Sole, a silk stripes and colors of blue, lavender and gray, nicely braided
*^- of an exceptionally hiph finish: ranr.-.t be dup!lcated Qf)r» finished in the best possible manner; sizes 3* to 44 CrO 45 -3i
«¦»- under H Ci a yard. Special at Yard *J^\o On special sale at .....Each O-^ ~"*
2E NEW I2?,c WRAPPER FLANNELS BLACK VELVET RIBBONS A SALE OF TURKISH TOWELS.'
=f 7C YARD. BELOW THE RECULAR PRICES. gc. «.,„,. , f(]r «i. ru
V,y rorr.in R earlv you trill choose from "> for our Ribbons before V2IU3S TOT C3CH. ZZ
g- -n-ered under I2%e * yard, and ih«- are Tht ouallTle^re the b^st fore - but thl8 ls the b «" 1 one yet. They -«
rart'r-ularly well adapted lor Wrapt-rs auJ c \f£ r J;^ b J h k . Qualltles are tne al1 are 1H yards Ion* and 24 Inches -£ide, made =3
«at= T\a;pt«. Pretty Mripe*. scrolls and Per- FI1K Ba " n Dac^- of a double-threaded white yarn, extra — •
€»*- Fian effect?, ln rich, dark co! L >rln*;s. •?/> No. 2 do yd. No. 5 13c yd. heavy. Our special purchase per- Q A r*
<'n ya!e to-morrow at. Yard *w No. 3 10c yd.|No. 7 18c yd. mits thi» very low price of.. .Each _ m
fl£yy COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. SUPERB ="S
fc TOBCHON LUCES, 7 FRENCH FLANNEL 3
TilUiiiiiiitiiiiiiwaiiiiUiaiiiiiUiiitUiUiuuiuiuiUiiijaiiiiuiiiiUiaiiiiUiujiijiiiii lumwk
11 THE OWL I
mM drug co., I
J^feJl 1128 Market St.. I
Yv^^fgT fcAX FP.ANX'ISCO. H
f\^ Tenth a^ Broadway. I
?"i^U^^iartaaWat* Ok aDa» J*4
Regular Owl Prices: B
Old Pepr'r -Whuskfy..: IM>C> H
J. H. Cutter Whltkey 85c N
Old H^rmitape W*hi5k»>y 7'-,. H
All^n 1 * Malt WhUkey "... S J; O U
Pure Rork and -Ryi». ;..-.. •.¦.-.;Q f g- - -lj o N
Hartford Wat^r Itottl«>....2 Qu,.. -{-„. g
Hartford Water Bottles. ...3 Qt*. s.i o ¦
Hertford Water Bottles 4 Qt*. Sl.<»t> R
Vln Marinr.l SI (Mi H
Prott> Emulnlon -» e
Pinkham'a Compound 7.-j c
PaJne'n Celery Compound 75,.
Pierce** Medical Discovery 75 e
Pierre'f Tavorlte Prescription... 7,-, o
Hood's Sartsaparilla T5e
naker'a Hondunu Sarsaparllla.. TSc
Carter's Hair Renew^r 5(>c
Carter's I,lver Pills j.-, c
Carter's L'.thia. Tabletn. .......... «5c U
Carter's Dyepepsla Tablets!......* 4o«_- H
WE FIT TRUSSES 1
PERFECTLY. §
S A ffklllfuland experienced truss fitter ¦
has charge of our. Truss. Department.. H
? " When he fits a truss !t fits perfectly. K
VISIT OR- JORDAN'S GREAT
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
g) 1051 V mil ST. tat ftMTa, IF-Cal.
. .^f ' ¦ The Larrat Anatomical Museum in the
jfi<JI&^. WofldL Wttkiwuw or any contracted
3Sffi dlseue positively c«r«4 by the olde*
IgU Specialist ca the Com*. E»t 3S yean.
flSt? 0 s - JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
fffin ComraltaHoa free and strictly private.
I 1*V ~™ itment personally Pr by letter. A
B W Cl fot.tiw* Cvrdlnnerrcueundertakea.
P J Hi » Wrltefor Book. rMILOiUPIVfl
¦a n* ¦AmaiABB, mailed fais. 4 a
A A . jL' :; nluabia book for mea) ¦ :
7 PB^^MPAItj^O^lO^Marte^at^a R
AJVERTIRKTVTrTNTS.
BATT.-ROAD TRAVEL.
mouth kk* r/kvtnv conrisr.
(PACirin STCTXX.) ' .
Trains l*mi> mil ar* tlu*> to nrrlf • at
ux hum* iiio.
(Main Line. Foot «< MurkM SUeol) .
UATK — 7S0M OCTOBIB 1, 13C0. — ARKtrg '
•TiOO a BnnlcU. Saisun, Elmira. VacatCe,
BamwT ud Stausanto •7ilfr»
•*:OUi Shi»T* Express— Davia. Wilttuna (for
BartleM Spring*). Willows, lied
Bluff, i»orUand7. •?:«»
•7:30* Mwtmei. San Uaaion, VaUeJo, N»pa,
Calistpga and Santa Rosa *Sil9p
•»:OI»a Datu, Woodland. Knight* Landing.
MaryBTllle, Orotille. «7i I 5 r
•>».O«» Atlantic Kxprea*— Ofden and K»at •Uilir
•»:«•» NUea, Tracy, Lathrop, 8tockton M>>*3*.
•»i;nu San Jose. LWermore, .Stockton.
Ioue, .Sacramento, Placenlil^
M<rjBTi;>. Cblco. lts<! muff Mil.ip
•fliSO* Oakdair. Chinese, Honorm, Carter*... MrtSr
•W:W«a Haywarda. NiUaaad Way Station*. *1 1 s43*
•»:O« a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop. ritocktOD, Merced
Fresno anil Let ALtfalc* *7il<1y
•U:Si)A Vallpju. Maxtiuex ami Way Station* •»««»
•IOiU«» The Orerland Limited— Cgdeo. D«r u -
*er. Omaha. Chicago •«pft3»
•I1:OO» KUrt, Svjcutou. MMiuiento. Men-
dota. r'rraao, Ilanford. Vlaalla,
Potterviila Mill*
•I I. -00 a LiTermore. Saofw, Goehen Juno-
tion, BakenCeid. Loa Asgele*.....
*I3iOOm Uaywarila. MIra and Wty nuilam. •»!»."»»
tli«lipMu»in«ita ltl>e(8te«meM.'..'. tSi*«*
: "UiUWp Uajrwarda, Nile* .nd Way Htatlun* . *»t «S»
*4:O»rMaitln«x, Hail lUiunu, Vallejo,
Ka|ia, r'alNtpKa, Santa Rom **il3*
•4i««r Ji-uiei*. Winten, Haer»m?olo.
WimhKhimI, Kuighta Laadlns.
M»rj.»I!le. «>ro>llt« "1OM-J*
MiSOp Nile.. Hau Jnssaud Stoekton •7»iar
•SsO«rThe Owl Umited-TraCT, rieaa<\ .
BakenQeld. Naugni for StuiU lUr-
bara, Los Ansclts MOtlS*
•8»0»p8tockton *Vt-13*.
•3:*«p New Urlrant Exproaa— Hakonflald. '
Um>U rtMibara. Loa Aagelea. Dem.
Ing. El Faao. Hew Orleau* aad
Kast *7rf«4
•BinQr Hay warOs, Nile* and Saa Jom niin*
<«:00r Vallejo MSilSr
•UtOttrOrienUl Mail-Ogden. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago ..^. 'itrtSf
*««OOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Hearer.
> Omaba. Chicago 71. "*tl»»
•7i00» NU«v Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton.... •I*tl3»
•7i«0if Or^Tj.iand Callforui* Kipr*a*.Hao>
'»"""¦'•«. Marj»»IHe, lt*d<1lng.
r.»rtl»i..l. l>»get Mom.d anj Raak «»r«» a
JSi«5p Vail, j,,. Pott Ccita and Wai Mta-
t»»n<i !!!»?•»
COAST DIVISION (Harrow «mm).
(foot of Market Street.)
•S> I a a Newark. On ter»ill». S»n Jows Veltom.
Bou Idor Creek. Mauta Oma aaut Way
Station* . ««iM*>
IStlSp Newark C«ntwr«le. 8au Jcia, Now
AlniadeD, Fclton, Honlder Creelr,
8aou Cnta and Vrtadsti Wat
Sutlon* . 4«*>ta«4
rili'V S, ewark - M * n J ~ e - Ixj " Oatoa.. •S«S«a
al I «4.Tr Hunters" Exraraion. San Joe* «¦"«<
Way Station* P'i»«y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtatll rtilClSCO— rnt *r Mark*! Slnt |3!ii S)— .
"licS '«3£ -V^::; tl:M • a:M » lM
rrtaOtlllll— r«l «f lrtidw.r.— "«H)0 8:0* 10:00*. «.
>U:S3 *1:C3 t2:03 *3:33 ti:08 »8:33f.».
COAST DIYMIOI (Rrnad lUnfu
(Third m <• Town»end 3U.)
?••••a Ocean View. Sooth 6an krancW.. *^GH7
*7:«0a Han Jora an<t *7ay Mutl.rn* (New
Almader Wedueadayiooly) *lif*r
•ft*** Han .).)««, Tre* l'lno*, HauU Crna.
Paclne nroie. Paao Kobina. San
I.mih OUiapo. Hnrf. Ixxopoo aad
rrlnetpal Way StatloM Miltt
•I»«IO» Ban Joso and Way SUtlona. MiSSa
¦11180a Hu Joia aucl Wa-SUUona *ii3«T
f3t «3r San Mateo, Redwood. Meolo Put,
Falo Alto. Banta Clarm. Ban Joe*.
Trea Flnoa. Sauta Cnim, "-'Vni.
Monterey and raclflo <)xo»o...... fl*****
t»iS»p flan Joee and Way StaUona "TiS^p •
t«!l!»r ?*« Jo.* an.l Principal WayStotioaa *9>43a
fSiOwpSan Joms Lo* Gfttoa and PrladpaJ
Way Station* twiOw*
"»i3O P &*„ J M e aad Principal W»r #lmMo»* '•¦«4
¦Ut.tOr San Joaaaud Way Sialloo* ffewwa
Sllt-I.ip 8an Joae and Way Station*,.. *7i—»
A for Morning. P for AtUrmocn.
•Dv'!y. tBundayaveepted. ISmadvaot*.
j»a»fgday naly.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILBOAO. I
Via Sausallto F-rry. ¦
Commencing September SO, 1900.
PIVOM BJLtt FRANCISCO TO MTTJt VAJASTS
AND 8XS RATAE*
¦VTTEK DAT8-4.M. U:00 «. bv. n»a
1:18. 4:00. 5:15, H:1S. 1:40 p. m.
EXTRA TlilPS-For M1U Valley waA 8*«
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesday* and flatur-
daya at 9:00 and 11:38 p. m.
Sundays— -sioo, no:co.. niao a. nv. mu,
3:15, »4:45. 6:30. 9:00 P- xn.
TraJna marked (•) run to San Qutntta.
FROM SAX RAFAEL. TO 8AS TSLJLSCJBCO.
"WEEK DAYS— «:S. **'M, 7:45. »:90 a. m^
•11:30,1:45. rj:*>. 4:J0. 5:» p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, WadnMdays
and Saturday* at <:43 and 10:30 p. m.
8UNDAYS— «:30. *S:00. 10:00. »11:4$ a. m_ .
•1:40. *3:15. 4:46. •«:» p. m.
Trains marked (•> atart from Baa Quvnttn. •
FROM MILL VATJ^BT TO SAN FRANCISCO, •
WEEK I>AYS-5:45. «:45. 7:56. 9:30 aTmT.
12:S5. 1:10. t-30. * ; 5*. »=*> P. m, *
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wtdaasdara
and Baturday* at 7:19 and 1030 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *:<&. lOrtS a, nv, 11:05. tOi, 1:»l
5 :00. .:«• P. m^^^
ItSS a. m. week dara-Cuaim aad vm»> ctm.
tlon«.
Ii45 p. rx BatnrtlaTw— TomaJe* aad -»«r ata.
StOO a. m. Baadasa— Toinalaa and -»» y .*-
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
wWa1s!» m"; ??S'^«S 1 p 7k
SUNDAYS 8:00.JOjOO. UM aad liS nt
Saa Francisco to Summit rM Retnra.
NEW TAVERN t>F TAMALPAIS U0fV7 OPEN
Ticket offices, ea. Market at.. SatuiaJlto r*rry!
ieeeT galc j
81 pepYcar.ANTIOCH. Oct.. 27.— Preaent Indications
point strongly to the fact that Antloch is
destined in the near future to become a
great oil center. Several companies are
preparing: to bore for oil in territory
south of Antloch. Thomas Gilbert of the
Tidewater Oil Syndicate, who is sinking
a well, has penetrated the first oil sands
and struck an oil strata at less than 400
feet. Considerable trouble was exper
ienced In this well on account of the vol
ume of water encountered, but casing has
been put in and this water removed.
Yesterday the- Fitzpatrick place, south
of town, waa sold for $15,000. It was
bought by a man who will prospect It for
oil. Eastern Contra Costa County Is al
ready beginning to. feel the effects of tha
oil excitement.
BOBING FOB OIL IN
ANTIOCH'S VICINITY
ex-President Cleveland. A commutes
from the university will, in a few days.,
go to Princeton and formally extend th«
offer. - ¦ .
COMING SEASON
WILL BE LIVELY
IN NEW YORK
Gay Gothamites Prepare to
Entertain on a Very
Lavish Scale.
Californians Are Prominent at the
Functions of Swelldom, Some
Getting Married, Others
Are Scheduled.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Entertainments
in New York this winter will be on a lav
ish scale if the promises of society mat
rons are fulfilled.
Mrs. John W. Mackay will open her
house soon; Mrs. Potter Palmer, who will
be one of the leading lights in Gotham
society, will give some elaborate dinners..
These two social recruits will do much
to enliven the circles of the Four Hun
dred. Another noted newcomer is Mrs.
Alexander Van Kenssalaer, who will for
sake Philadelphia and make this city her
home in the future during the . winter
months.
Mr. and *.lrs. Clarence Mackay are due
in New York from Europe on Tuesday of
next week. Their lease of the Lanier
place at Westbury expired on October 1.
Their own Westbury palace will not be
ready for them until the fall of 1M. A
lirm of upholsterers is importing some
superb furnishings for the new house,
which is to be as sumptuous as two mil
lions can make it. Mr. Mackay has been
enjoying six weeks of grouse-shooting and
deer-stalking on two of the most famous
preserves in Scotland, and Mrs. Mackay
has been playing the hostess in the center
of a neighborhood where her noble Scotch
ancestors made history centuries ago.
When their splendid house is ready for
occupancy Mr. and Mrs. Joiin W. Macka.y
will Day a visit to their son and daughter
in-law and there will be a series of lavish
entertainments.
On Wednesday, at the parochial resi
dence of the cathedral. Madison avenue
and Fifty-nrst street, the wedding of Miss
Elizabeth Kllsyth Livingston and Charles
James Welch of San Francisco was cele
brated. Miss Livingston Is a tall, hand-'
some girl, who resided in Baltimore until
recently, when, losing her parents, she
came to live in the North ¦with her uncle
and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. Van Brugh Llv
ingston. She is a cousin of Cambridge
Livingston and Maud Livingston and also
of Mrs. Ogden Mills. She entered the
Roman Catholic church some time ago.
A reception will follow the ceremony, at
the residence of the uncle and aunt of the
bride.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis Burton Harrison
(nee Crocker), who recently returned
from their honeymoon trip, are now visit
ing Mr. and Mrs. Charles Alexander at
Tuxedo. Tuxedo is rapidly becoming a
resort for the fashionable set. The new
clubhouse has b^n opened, and on Friday
evening the annual autumn dance will
take place. The clubhouse will be pro
fusely decorated with bright-hued autumn
leaves, with asters and chrysanthemums.
A special train will carry the guests from
New York.
Mr. and Mrs. Harrison lunched with
their aunt in the palm garden of the Wal
dorff-Astoria on Saturday. Mrs. Harri
son wore a pretty frock of steel gray
cloth and a bodice of tucked black taffeta
with yoke and vest of blue silk. Her hat
of pleated black chiffon was trimmed
with black velcet. - Mrs. Alexander's bo
dice of white panne velvet was figured in
cashmere colors. She wore a black velvet
toque and both of the ladies wore black
chenille boas with long tails. *
Among the guests of Mrs. Whitelaw
Reid at Ophir Hall on Sunday was the 16
year-old son of Captain Squiers, secretary
of the United States legation at Peking.
who is well known In San Francisco so
ciety circles. The young man was with
his father during the 6iege, and gave a
most interesting account of their suffer
ings.
Mark Twain made his first public ap
pearance in society at the Waldorff-Asto
ria on Wednesday night last, at the Or
phans' Bazaar. He made a short speech.
His tirst dinner engagement is fixed for
the evening of November 10, when he will
be entertained by members of the Lotus
Club. The menu card has been designed
by a well-known artist. It will suggest,
more or less, Mr. Clemens' life and work.
Many prominent Xew York and Washing
ton people will be invited to meet him.
Mrs. George Crocker and her son, Alex
ander Rutherford, have returned to the
city from Hot Springs and resumed their
residence on Fifty-first street. Mrs.
Crocker was desirous of waiting until the
deer shooting season opened, but could
not gratify her wish owing to social en
gagements in the city. The game is abun
dant in and around Hot Springs. There
are also numbers of pheasants and wild
turkeys. While the ladies at this favorite
resort for the Four Hundred may not
properly be called modern Dianas, since
they take little interest in the shooting it
self, they delight in horseback riding.
Mrs. Crocker, Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish, Miss
Fish and some of the young people rode
daily to Warm Springs, Flag Rock or
Falling Springs. Horses are in great de
mand and nearly 100 are kept for visitors.
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs, who has also
been one of the lights of society at Hot
Springs, regretfully departed from that
delightful resort to take part in the win
ter festivities in the city.
Princeton men were greatly interested
In the marriage of Harden Lake Craw
ford, Princeton '95, and Miss Annie Clay
of Frultvale, Cal., on Thursday last. Mr.
Crawford was a leader of the university
and a member of the glee club. He is
the son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Craw
ford of 41 West Fifty-seventh street. The
>oung couple will live in this city.
Among the debutantes in Washington
this winter will be Miss Hlldegarde Mc-
Kenna, youngest daughter of Justice of
the United States Supreme Court Joseph
McKenna, formerly a resident of Suisun,
Cal. Miss Hildegarde has developed into
a beautiful woman. She haa auburn hair
and the clear, delicate complexion which
usually accompanies it. She graduated
from Georgetown University last June.
Another of the debutantes of Washing
ton society this winter will be Miss
Frances Newlands, youngest daughter of
Hon. Frank Newlands. Representative in
Congress from Nevada. She, too, is a
most attractive young woman.
* Two prominent Californlans who have
visited' New York the last week are ex-
Governor James H. Budd and Andrew
Clunie of San Francisco. Both were nere
on law business and stopped at the Hotel
Manhattan in Forty-second street. Mr.
Clunie left for San Francisco on Satur
day, Intending to stop one or two days
at Chicago en route. Governor Budd Is
spending a few days in Boston, but will
return here and expects to remain two
or three weeks in the vicinity ' of New
York.
Maude Adams scored a big success in
•TAJeion" on Monday night at the Em
pire Theater. The great hit she made on
the first night it was presented, at Balti
more, gave assurance that she would meet
with a similar reception here. Neverthe
less, there were some carping critics who
insisted that she was not suited for a he
roic part, and that her interpretation of
M. Rostand's famous character would not
be as acceptable to a Kew.York audience
as her Juliet. But she disappointed those
who were ready to witness her failure,
and sent the audience away delighted
with her remarkable and versatile powers.
Physically Miss Adams is well suited for
such a part In Its very nature it calls
for a slight physique, and in appearance
Miss Adams realized it completely. L'Aig
lon or the Eaglet, has the fiery and ro
mantic soul of his father, but his pinions
are those of a weak little fledgling, and
when he attempts to soar the attempt Is
pitiful. The roll calls for comedy, deep
sentiment. Infinite pathos and heroic cour
a "L'Alglon" Is considered by some au
thorities to be the greatest play; of the
century, and ? by not a few the greatest
since Shakespeare's time. It is quite gen
erally agreed that ,"V Aiglon" is ahead of
"Cyrano," and certainly "Cyrano". Is a
very great play.
All of Charles- Frohman's 'plays are
drawing well. .Richard. Carvel -¦ (John
Drew) has been one, of the most popular
attractions, but it must r soon make ; way
for Charles .? Frohman's stock * company.
David Harum, at » the Garrick.is playinc
to crowded houses and good seats are at
a premium. Mr. Crane has made a great
hit. - San Toy, at Daly's, has been . very
popular, but must soon make way. for one
of Daniel Frohman's . ¦ stock : companies.
Blanche Walsh, at the Broadway, is only
drawing fairly well. She has been seen
to ¦ better, advantage. A good many -are
glad that Mrs. Leslie Carter must pack
up her effects and take her prurient play
"Zaza" out on the road soon. The • en
gagement of "Arizona," at the Herald
Square, will terminate about ! Christmas
time.after a most successful' run:- It has
been voted 'one of the best " plays ¦ holding
the boards in; New York City. Richard
Mansfield has only about four more weeka
in "Henry -V" r, at \ the Garden Theater.
Henrietta . Crossman will ;¦ transfer "Mis
tress Nell" , to the: Savoy instead i of < tak-'
ing it out on the road.' "The Belle of,Bo
hemia" has a few more. weeks at ¦ the Ca
sino, and the Rogers brothers " in ' Central
Park have five more weeks at the-Victo
ria: Miss ' Kdlth -' de ' Groff s- of t San * Fran
cisco has been:duly>installed.as.a. mem- :
ber of this ? company, and has -¦ made « a
great- hit : !'Sag< Harbor", will finish out
the year, at ; the ' Republic. Miss Nether-
• Robert Chessman, the boy, stenographer
in the office of, Dunham; Carrigan& Hay
den,--.whose . -mysterious .-disappearance
Monday.; afternoon - has ~% been puzzling t his
parents and " the ' police,** has - been traced.
Fred " Downing, 1031 Valencia ?Btreet,^ who
was ' a' school fellow of Chessman, notified
Chessman Starts for ; Chicago.
v If what : N. M. : Livingston says be true,
he ' got '> the "double cross" as i well as a
severe . beating i In .the American Auction
Companyfs rooms * yesterday forenoon.
Livingston's injuries ¦ were , inflicted by J.
P. Levy, an employe of the auction com
pany, .who got i into ; a dispute .with Liv
ington'over $100 worth. of goods which the
last named' claims he was tricked Into
buying. : Livingston -had injuries to his
head dressed at the Receiving Hospital by
Dr.i Bauer.* :¦ ¦ -^iSSBKVWMBMHflSflSHHftl
Trouble Over Auctioned Goods.
. The windows of the Bee Hive Shoe Co. 1 ;
that is selling. the 150,000 shoe stock of. the
Rochester Shoe Co.; .will : show, the ; beau
tiful styles of ; men's and ¦ women's : shoes
that are going to be sold to-morrow and
thebalance of. the, week for $1 SO apalr.-
Now if you cantbuy these shoes for less
than' $4 a pair elsewhere do not buy them
at- the .Bee Hive Shoe ' Co.'s, 717 Market
street, near Third. * •
A Qrand Display.
JOLIET, HI... Oct. 27.— The Illinois Steel
Company, to-night shut down its converter
and billet mill for an indefinite perio'd.
throwing 1000 men out of employment. It
is not known how long the suspension will
last. The company's rod mills have been
Idle for several weeks. Three blast . fur
naces, the merchant mill, - the machine
shop and the factory will be kept in
operation. TT.'bTiMf tafffl
Cleveland May Succeed Wilson.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.— A special to the
Evening Post from Norfolk. Va., says:
"According to a dispatch from -."Winches
ter, the presidency of . Washington - and
Le« University, made vacant by the death
of -William T. Wilson, . will be offered to
One Thousand Men Are Thrown Out
of Employment at
Joilet.
ILLOTOIS STEEL ; MILL
.. CLOSES INDEFINITELY
Captain Seymour yesterday that he was
onthe train that left' here for -the East
Monday evening and saw: Chessman.
Chessman told him that he was going to
Chicago * and from * there to Boston to
study dentistry. Downing left the train
at Lovelocks, Nev., and Chessman pro
ceeded on his journey. t The news was
communicated to Chessman's parents and
rmplnrrn "TWHTftf IB* MJIifTjiffiflHlfn!
sole.. will' appear at Wallacks soon,, dis
placing Mrs. Le Moyne, who has i been
playing in "The Greatest: Thing: in <• the
World* ' Some critics here are unkind
enough to say that Mrs. Le Moyne" s play
isn't "it." '.*• :-:*; D. R. C. ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.
25
THE EMPORIUM. ¦ | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. ) THE EMPORIUM.
$ f*K V Men's Out-of-town W|» MP HJ f&M Wfodt&W^k WM%WiM An y Sheet Un *erwear and Hosiery.
h* / ! It "k 1 \ alIy fine assort - now. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE pub.ished. &U*4[i\ each. 5/
k / S IL oVsW \ ment comprising ] . {ti&t'^k \ Hl £, h neck. ?hort
g I^Wf \7 I fine worsteds and : - ~ f^T \ sleevas, eacL85o
f. \/ < \^\ / ( cheviot-fancy A special exhibit of fine Imported Toys on. Monday, Tuesday and \ m A j u Z.cb ek ' ™ al *75%
. ni |j ' wJwest^effe'cts Wednesday, October 29. 30 fand 3 1, in the large second-floor section recently occu- 'B \l j Ladje/swiw Bii»b«d
t\ M»' A jT stripes, checks and *pied by the Music Department ' These beautiful and many of them wonderful toys f \J vesS-KS
£ 1 I J ? ids. VhesVeuitt were collected by our European buyer this springin France, England; Germany and - : ' ioni sleeves. eo?on
1 N come from one of AUStrii/ The Special 'exhibit IS for three dayS Only. pink, sky blue and eream, e^ch.*/.5O
J- 1,1 the best manufac- - J j ' Ladies Equestrian Drawers—
fc* 11 tnring tailors in Swi^3 ribbed, French merino, jibbed
•£ I 1 America, are styl- j^^n, KTm^mm &%)********* Vm^SP^Sm** waist and ankles, colors cream, natural,
g. I . i3h:y design»d and . W~^\ " " ' %mWff9Gmr&M^ M OMSGBSm pink, sky bine and black, ankle lengrth.
ST I hand-tailored fl**- 1 ?*! . ~**.n. r- • >i <-»/• 1 * r V-'t'-- V» "*••« »»^ cac^ $1*75
%' ] \\ throughout. You x^r Charming (Mminerv. Exquisite Neckwear, Imported CosHimes, Wraps, Ladies' Maco cotton Hose-Extra
\ U \\ will find them per- JiTrd Fvvttf'tltr IVnkU Mid SkirU thf Cnrrrrt GUm** I arss Ohprn heavy » 2 - thr ead. imported Hennsdorf
5 j£F Idt feet fitting and ex- rC* Ciemng VV dlblb (Mill OKUIS, I tie correct UIOV'S, L.aceS, Upera black, high spliced beeb, doube soles,
% ce?t:onal va ues at i§M ' 1"\#^4) GlaSSCS. etc. the beat value that caa be bought for...
theprlee.$«.gO . AjjT Sfef| O p e r a Wraps -Full Chic Mi " ine 7 for the opera-creations from L^ f^llS"S5"Kj;2S
?, Bays' OvnraUs, Shirts. Wftii&^mm^ ~& length, rippled eiderdown lamOU3 FariSian and -New York i/i tellers; correct lined cotton Hose, apliced heels, double
% Nnckwaar Eto >~^TmS^S circulars— red, pink and copies and adaptations from our own workrooms sole*, pair 25c
§ Bib Overalls- ' " HI f JBBsJL/' S b 5 n are much worn at the opera in place of bonnets : Imported Cotton Hose
h "ID u\ trans — HB§ m .1 /'HxrVn villa ribbon ,, , . , • ,, F . , r ., ... , — ItI rihbe-i m d-nm weight Herm'sdjrf
J Sizes for boys 2 to igi\ trimmed the big store has them in gold, silver white and J^J bb d e J; h » tfes. S' and so e,
% 14 years, good < W2B& S^< capecollara black— from 53.00 to 530.00 sizes 5 to 9J pair 2So
aT quality brown duck, \tff/-'l &Bk ' wJ$ 'v j^^^» an(1 lined Opera 'Collarettes — Silk and chenille, evening shades
* suspender, attach- >^V f\ *^>sij^^ /^P / throughout ............: .., $5.00 to $15.00 FumitUrO SpBGISklS
J. ments, with slide /T&rrrJtt I. / .U *^si^Fr-*^ with white Lace Fichus— Also in silk, evening co1oh...$3 50 to $15.00 Fn~ 4ht*W**%Lr
K and hook that will /^JliW, # - India silk; Ostrich Feather Fans $3.5O to $7.50 Wu F ° I* the We OK.
K not scratch nor tear A'W&I 5^ XS^ -^—^ ess-—^. worth Empire Fans— Hand painted and spang ed gauze When you come down town to-
J —riveted buttons, \Mi[ , , mta^r-^^^' <%50&&JL*>:!& $18.00— : $1.50 to $7.50 morrow bring this list with you
* stayed crotch, and JJM O r;n R eal Lace Handkerchiefs — The G«nno Dache^o and ascertain for yourself if these
j JS^?±Jfe All ¦ ¦,ttaSHE^BSL_ *'*- 50 G^:&^^r^:::::::=:::::::-^: 50 to -SK «• ««»» i««tf«r»it«r. prices
£ Boys' Fancy I if , ,^ „ * Gold Braids, yard........ 5c"8c l^*c m San Francisco.
tf Shirts-Sizes 12 ! Lk' Also long Cloth CapCS up to $-75.00. Gold Bslting, yard '.". ""'.'...25c. 50c. 85c T his Dcsk »
*° to 14, the new pat- tj .. . '^'v-a r-i « ,. ' Sleeve Ends, by the yard $2*.So"r$3.5O. $4.50 _^<*«*»^ BoH<1 oak ' E o!de a
J» tern and colorings B Undressed Kid Ciloves— F.nest qualities. ODera lengths; Real Arab Laces yard $1 50 $" OO *° 5O 'S^^^T^f^r^ '^ fiawh — 6x2*J-inch
5 worn by men; the Shirts are well made, white . black and evening shades...... $1.85 to $4.00 All-Overs— Novelties in biack'Veivet. a'nd 'go d'and taffeta ' T^ \ P»«erned French
$ __ of S° od q ua1 * Glace French Kid Gloves -2 or 3 clasp, in opera colors cut out in gold; taffeta and chiffon,. both in white and k\>£. W^K P la *° mirr ° r ~ a .£
** /^3^V lty material j - — $1.00 to $2.00 black, per yard $2.50 to $10.00 $&JZe*L&$k ,, ly T° rth $12 '°9
H t=Z<&^fc>- guaranteed .. , , T 4 .„ .„ . . , Spangled Yokings— White and black, per yard &0x45^Y^?3 —Monday and
% jJ&SS&P perfect fitting, Ladies' Vests— All silk with fancy crocheted yokes, opera ...T. .. . SI 50 to $6 5*6 H\ XT.* *k« «o -f g-
*"» ffff^^^ stiff bosoms or co.ors ....$2.75 to $3.50 Opera-Glasses-Genuine LsMiire^ l^i£^*& week
$ iflfliWl golf/Shirts, Ladies' Silk Hose- Pure Bilk, black and onera color* ....... Opera-GIass Holders— Extension handle ...$2.25 to$4*.5O \ (T^ f \) Book Case-
in VI W II ui'a each with a -^ # $1 50 to $3 OO Lorgnettes— Gilded Sterling silver. $6.OO I / I / Quarter sawed oak
H flfflntfffln ' P air of 8e P a * n 4. • t. t- «i.' T. t, . "." * Lorgnette Chains— S:lid gold $6.00 to $20.00 \ Si —golden finish—
t HI lilSi rate cuffa t0 Ostrlch Feather Boas -Evening shades Lorgnette Chains-Silver, gold fil ed, bead and ribbon 1 2 i feet wide— 6
i HlHIIlll n»tch....75o • $12.50 to $25.00 25c to $6 00 \ I feet 8 inches high—
ft* filjuSfffl Bright Wind- ILt "*" 4 adjustable ahelTes
£ MMFmHf sor 'A'ies— -_ , mai _ - mumm ~~ - ~* — and glass door^ —
5 : mm ?» -SSS On Monday at Much Less Than Real Worth. $12.75
j^ -_ — — : — - — ~4 is ..-.."•..-....- OtfC front— 4 adjaatable shelves — commodi-
ar ratnous BOOKS* sterling 75c Hosiery, 29c. ] Another Big on3 desk wxth 3 lar s 8 drawera— reg-
i "Protection and Progress," by Silver Ladies' Imported fancy lisle thread Hose, Vetting Event. nl ? I J $3D 7 M ° ndaj S2Fi 71
it John P. Young of the Saa Francisco Nnvt*ltis*Rmm11r> boot effects in Roman stripe?, regularly Tf , a fnr \, nrtAa • and the week <F^»J»#%J
ii Chronicle— p: ononnced by critics to be _ ~' * _ 50c a pair and srlid colored with f.ncy 114 a J Davenports - mahogaaized birch
H in 1264 to the Dresent time Th« r.fnr <iM!ifji^J=^ Eftr* «/nf«c pur New York Bedroom Set— Golden oak— has full
$ races eiea .how^ the Author to be a Another of our popular sales of Sterling J$ OUcSteins. bayer; 30 of the jg^lcwS} swell front-fitted with 24x30 inch
i carefuf and pa^t'king student of Silver Novelties for Monday. The three- jg^g 39c. moat becomm^ W^^jd beveled edge mirror-tastily carved
H economics. Publisher's price inch 925-1000 fine sterling silver handles Tj? £A|f 200 of these blue meshes m this LJ*. : '^^hl»'J\ and well finished— first-claua cabinet
fc our price SBC ar « in the popular beaded pattern — German steins, with season's styles; Ur- .* *^^Xs/3 work — regular price $37. 50 — this week.
5" "History of United"*States " bv F 1108 Paper Knives SRSfttf >J Ul fancy metal covers, a positively a lMlk t^i^if &-y' the 3 pieces _ $31. 5O
g the greatest historian of the century! SSffclJSnSe. 1 lar^ . ""rtneiit of or velvet ]^^^ Parlor Set-3 handsome pieces-ma-
\ John Clark Ridpa|h-one large royal Button Hooka Table BelU S&WgT " 13ed de8i « n8 » « cel " t P ' black ' -^-^=^ hoginy fiauhed frames, highly polished
*'• octavo volume of over GJO nate? fu'lv Shoe Horns Sfals ,Wa£Ss*!«r lent value at 50c each— _orown, navy mag- and richly upholstered in aatin dam-
*: illustrated, printed on good ?aper from Camera Etc. Monday Q pe and other good colors, the 25c ask-pretti y carved-a very dainty
i large type and weli bound in cloth- 50c each— special **& fJ9G and 50c quahties, to-morrow, Q n set, worth $55-Monday and the
I- bringing the history of the United toT to-morrow only "~ ~ - per yard. %9%m week S45.OO
J! .States down to the present time. Pub- „- «• * # « off -=OG CantllGStlCKS, WZCm ,— : M JTIZiZ — MMiV « n
* Usher's price ?3 50, our tft - o Dinner Sets— $16.95. Fancy Imported Metal . $2.5O Portl'crCS $1.98. GarpOtS r atiO Rugs.
V J> rice • ••••• 91-OU Just A Candlesticks, with A Thevarevarv i, rM ,;,, q ...j, v t ca Smyrna Rugs— Ail-wool, reversible,
y Oar enormous stock- of Holiday 14 of _^^v^^^^S^_ w h i t e poroilain . «rU^=^ iLhll^ t nV Jwu 8 J««J \ Ji f " by M lringed ends, floral. Persian and Orient-
V Books is ready. More than a quarter these /^W&Z^ canil- holder re- >nches\ for wide aoors and l,rge spaces, a j p3tterns . aiz3 63x33 ixL
*: of a million volumes of all classes of cur- best O8IB^£#iS|i^ movable To as to 3 h^dsome ccbri-.reeularly $2.50 pa,r; 8pe cia! this week J $1.85
$ rent literature-one of the largest book qua 1- W^^^^S^ be easily chaned!- vfe^^y 50 pairs on Monday only... g ~ Plymouth Art Square? - Wide
ft* stocks in America. • ity \§t if J 9^ *'*^ in an assortment of *&* ntf'm^%9 range, all styles, new patterns, two
ft 1 D*+mM»BSmmmm c»____#-^ semi- * pretty colors, special Monday, m mm^ mumm - -»- nn en<Js f" n e ed » size 9x 12 'o«t. worth
£ OeatMtng SSUpplieS. porcelain dinner sets for 12 persons— each IZC MiSSeS* ShOGS 88o fSs* $«.5O, specif this week S4.3O
X Bed Sheets — The well-known 'Em- they are copies of fine Haviland china— Btm ~^i ~ 0a Monday we offer 118 pairs 2/ Tapestry Brussels— The reguar75c
porinm" Sheets, made from an excellent in the styl sh oval and round shapes— $1.5O ComiOftsrS $1.18. of .our mis^ej' $1.25 +i grade, with borders to match, a heavy,
ft* grade of bleached sheeting, properly with a flow Hus border — trsced with a 1he3e are extra good doutla-bed size com- cloth"-top button shoes, pat- /S \ durable Carpet, in stylish patterns and
»° hemmed and ready for use — fine gold band— the regular price of forters, covered with silkoline, filled ent leather tip, in / *3T yA 8 ood colorings, special this week, per
9, 54x9J inche?..37Jc 72x9) inches..50c this set is $23.75— on «> with good white cotton, knotted with sizes 11 to 13i onlr /^Lj^yy yar^ V- 60o
J- 63x9D inches..45c 81x90 inches..55c Monday..... &IO.%tX9 wool, a $1.50 grade; price - o —per pair— T« 10- Wire Tapestries— The best grade
fc^ 90x9 • inches. ..GOc — for Mond y onlv— e ich 3*»*»» S8O -^ made, sold regularly at $1.00 yard, our
*C Fine White Blankets— Best Califor- 15o Trimmings 7c Yard. o _ -=Z ¦ ' — = - """ r """ price this waek 7BO
s iM^MzMiSM ss-^iiVWru^ii a^^ 7^^ te i5^^sS f 2s^
* ™ol deeo binVinV- n?nk JS"hhi injrs; pretty material , fo , r * rimmin « Table Damask, full 72 inches wide, the Dinner Napkins, worth $2,00 a dozen; S 'the wrTS^l
$ bTL^g v afifar^o «« Chi }^' 6 d / eS M e8; daT hrly sf } '°\ *<? «• ™ ™*** **™*'> 8ale caprice loelosa^^ $1.10
% torywe'.r.pfrcair., $3*95 and 15c yard-Monday - 93c and 9oc a yard-on spe- S7G P"« MonJay, per „ - fi *
J Gray Blankets-Army coloring, cot- ~ ZUZH^^^m^l cal sale Monday onW dozen - 51 .W DrCSS Suit CaSCS.
$ Tir:itL!t:: kh \ $1.85 nno^ Hemstitched Linens. Silk Poplins and G w?'c«?l r ss^^^^
*: Gray Blankets - B 3J t California French Flannels— All woo; for waists, a wonderful assortment of plain and Cmnndn Chines olive or taa fir 1
£ lamb's woo!, 5 lbi weight, ,-*.-» -» _ wrappers, ttc, per yard— 7oc, jgg*^ stamped hemstitched linens in all sizes to „.,. „ ,V ¦ . " * . colored, canvas - I
jf pair $3.95 60c.........».......... — ••• *«f C mitch, both in scarfa and rquares, from Silk Poplins-a serviceable quality in i ined> strO ng
af German Eiderdown Flannels— 5x5 inches up to T 4x54 for tea cloths. this popular silk for street costumes— leather anchor J
t NeW Di*eSS GOOdS. A ntw Iine of u P- t0 - date stvles ' heavv Designs and stamping to order. ful1 2° inche9 wide— in such Rood handle, steel iki „ -
5 w „ . . . — , . cloth, rich colorings, per f ~ Embroidery lessons given by a—— colors as new reseda, rose, gobHn. tur- frame, brass % ***^-*
We quote below some rare values in yard BOG compete J nt teacher 35C quoise, reds and grays, per yard. ,$#.00 lock and bolts, heavy leather cornera-
g this seasons most desirable dress fabrics, crepon Weave Eiderdown Flan- Creps de Chine-the richest of even- 20-inch...$4.5O 24- inch.. .$5.50
% Better qualities and etyles cannot be nels-Strictly first class, best v wool, NcWCSt Neckwear. ing ailks-in all the pretty co'orings 22-inch...$5.00 26-inch...$aOO
v found at these prices. • rippled surface. 36 inches w.d?, in , AU - now in demand— also b ack and white- '¦¦[.— ~ jr.
* S5C for °9* ln ? n Can iel8 Hair garnet, cardinal, French blue, cream, j^V *-,\ silk an extra heavy, rich and lustrous grade - Men's CiOVCS.
£> Cheviot, in new, stylish mix- pink, sky blue, etc., par ggg-— Ifc^^n J^^fe taf- —24 inches wide — per yard $1.OO English Cape Gloves -Made of good
tures— Oxford, brown, blue, etc. yard.... O^lr fe#*3\ W^> Z$ feta '— Gape, heavy skin., seams on the outside
X &1.5O for 52-inch Venetian Flannelette— The woven color, heavy \ff* ? -'j» Sock *•«.«- « AM ; MA a ;„... and a button fastening at the wrist;
tf -.. Cloth, ¦ all wool, perfect fleecy fabric, so much in demand for TB»^ J&SL Col- **" OCeri eS mmr LI if UOI m S come in all the new tan shades; an
K dye and finish, in all of the popular shades underwear, skirts, «tc, a special *j, ,-rrrfW^L-^. /ffi<~ lars Sugar— Be3t fine dry granulatel M>n- absolutely correct driving glove; per
&- — bkcuit, goblin, castor, light and me- value per vard ... .. O 3 «r Og^^SM^s, // |»\ and dav 17 lbs " S1.OO pair " SI. 50
f SSl«su, S? feffigpafc S House Furnishes.
g U ing, a.! wool, excellent a 20c value, our fpi~ Wm&*m -tit- Walnuts-Fancy, wwVuVie.soft rt?? Half a dozen seasonable items
J. weight and qua.ity, new shides of brown, prlce " A 2 f ched o lbi 25c at Emporium prices.
g Oxford, etc. Whitnlv ' : £ Xflfehm* i. ' c , • T itb * Prunes— Finest, new Santa Clara, 7.) to Home Oil Heaters—
£ G& Rii for 58-inch Golf Cloak- t . n K nnG§ J i aavi- %v turn ovor collar of 8ame matenal » 01 > e 8) to the lb, Monday, 6 lbs.. 25o S3.25 — our best
| Sfflacn&ttts I HSHHiF^? l^^:«=« °sa,sgs: jsssjsb Wfss 72-A-/&
K winter capa. ? & ? ei 1- a?1 It? Hif Lace Collars -The kind that are now Pure Leaf Lard-3, 5 and 10-lb pai's 34.5O VC££&J
I w^.Mi^jss ?sS'H— ™ iis^iSi
* Cf J&CI tor 5'/*' inch Black r-—~ " <p.'w w< ' a ' w D b" xij'u : "£ ° ' alwa y* P 8^ 15c for "" ?*~*.Z
I SS^'^|#|l^ppi|^ ¦¦•***^-%tk» w p M^WWg"^ »j^i£l
Z shrunk, a spendid value. liter's prices, as is all sheet music in Cameras are prac- bottles, Monday only 97 C Wire Fly" Brooms— a T$^jl
$ $1.50 S r 5 i?; inc ! 1 Black Peb ' this 8tore - • {1^— — L irHl tical little P ic - Port or Sherry-Onr regular .75c per e'eanly article for lilt- £^4
Z ¦ *" ble Cheviot, excellent "My Sunbeam Lou." 23c . I I A ture-making," ma- gallon quality, on Monday. .. BOn in<r flip* lOn <gf^**€*
I wei e ht and. quality 3 hrunk and sponged, ¦.¦^^™^%°&?to»*. " )l; Q " chine.- justWhe Burning Alcohol-Full quart bSSS? Bone Salad "'Set"-
ft 3 G1 #JH for 44-inch Black Mo- "Every Day's a Wedding Day," 25c T - ¦—^L^ thing to get your Monday 35© fork and spoon— 40c 30c 25o
X 1# - hair Pierola," Priestley's "You Have Won Her Happy Heart." 25c , boy or girl, inter- Best Boiled Cider-6 gallons boiled Seed's Faucet Filter— a perfect fil.
S; make, in 8 new, handsome patterns, a per- Our talented pianist will play these ested in photography— each..... .80 O down to one gallon, .Monday, per gallon. ter- that will fit any faucet 25o
§ feet wearing fabric. piece3 for you" upon request. Brownie Films— 6 exposures... fSc # St.OO Wood* Coat Frames— two sty;es-^-ea:h.5o
ADVEBTISE2HENTS*
Hi£h-Cut
For the nev^ Jz^~ t
Golf \
Skirt M \
ARE ALL THE RACE.
All the latest styles In black patent
leather, box celf. chrome calf and vici
kid; also tan poat. vlcl kid. chrome calf
and Russia calf.
OUR VARIETY OF STYLES AND
LOW PRICES CANNOT BE DUPLI-
CATED ANYWHERE.
OCR WINDOWS DISPLAY THEM.
DVERY LADY AND GENTLEMAN
SHOULD WEAR
Our Life=Saving Shoes
JCothine like dry feet In wet weather.
Heavy French kid and fine box calf for
ladles. Alaska seal, box calf and heavy
\1d kid for gentlemen- They are neat and
stylish in appearance, soft and comfort-
able on the feet. Wear equal to many 55
shoes, and only cost
BEND POR FREE ILLUSTRATED CAT-
ALOGUE.
WK HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
(PHELAN BUILDING)
812-814 Market St.
NoMore Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED ANT> FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late sd-
ectific method applied to the gums. Mo Bleep-
producing a«ent or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
FYancisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and irisrpdi* ~nts to extract, fill and apply gold
crown? and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural te<>th. and warranted for tea years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIK. Full eet of
t'-tth, S3; a. perfect lit guaranteed or no pay.
Oold crown*. $5. Gold Cllinps. si. Silver flll-
lnrrs. 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEX-
TI^TS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department In charsre of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly as
tve advertise. We •will tell you in advance ex-
actly what your work will cost by a FREE EX-
AMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. Or.
ERAXCH SEATTLE. WASH.
OIL INVESTORS,
BEWARE !
Do your business through a Govern-
ment Licensed Broker.
There are fortunes being made in
California oil stocks. Why not •make
youre?
There are some stocks that are better
than others. We are willing to post
you.
Write for Market Letter.
James R. T. Mershon,
Oil Land and Stockbroker, rooms 537-
538-539 Pairott Building. S. F.. Cal.
Prcmcter cf the MONARCH OIL COMPANT
of Arizona, the LION OIL. CO. of Arizona,
PRUDENTIAL. OIL CO. of Arizona and the
J. S. POTTS OIL LAND AND DEVELOP-
MENT CO.. all located In the Sunset District,
Kem County.
TO THE rUBLtC!
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct.
MtS&Ei£& *• MM.— To whom It may
mM& mm^8M concern: This is to c<rtify
Xr*i J that DR. V.'ONG HIM of
}K%iS;Cr f 315-117 Mason street, San
RL A.t f Francisco, has cured me
»Cja a J / of kidney trouble and
jC|«a ¦ / rheumatism and I am
/^ hafipy to mak» this utate-
>S*^ '/ >J\?^V n-.ent, as I find the Doctor
v£h&%th-&iPjt&Vb strictly honf-ft in every
nEw3?v5l»K» serisa of the wor.1 and an
*** 5 *W*»«t'.' 1 ' r^ honorable man la all his
deallcifB. DR. C. A- GAY, Dentist. 902 Second
tve., Seattle. Wash.
PINOLE. June 28. 159$.— I take this means of
exrrewln* my thanks to Dr. Wonjr Him. 115-
117 Maeon street. Ban Francisco, for having
cured xne of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
or the stomach. I wai a sreat euCerer for 15
years and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr TVonr Him and In six months' time
h# haa cured me. Any person wishing me to
cerury tld. ca» fln^g* GEORGB! BETZ<
Pinole, Contra Costa County, CaL
S. F.. December 4. 1839.— Dr. Wong Him. 115-
117 Maion «t.. S. F.. CaL— Dear Sir: For the
ben. St of other* I wish to make a statement of
rcy case, which was heart trouble. After treat-
lr.r *-lth eir emirent physicians my case was
pronounced incurable. Heartm? of Dr. Wong
Him and his wonderful cures. I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all be claimed, and
after trraiinr six month* I am now well and
stromr. Your*, respectfullyy.
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission St., 8. F.
NOTICE !
At a »*ctir.p of the Board of Directors of the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, held on the 24 th
lr.st.. it was unanimously resolved that on and
lith day of November next a fee of
two do '-«Ts <t2.oo> per month shall be charged
for ea* uox-ttall used at the Ingleside Race
Track, the process to be U6ed for the main-
tenance or th e race track.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
&&5m F3 "^ E31 E9 J5W lf my Sk -' n
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
P-^i^-^SS'Pj: of Prtce. DR. PAUL DE
1-ORP, 175 Spring Bt.. Ix>s Angeles. Cal.
c* f\ f\l\1lf\ Celebrated Female
IIK III |'\ Powders n>ver fall.
ff a U I f\ 9% lu.Uug Ladies declare
P S al|> ** '** ** them safe and sure
K» _.„„-» ¦ faster falling with,
t$5 & FZ^ nytX P111 «>; Partlctilars
4c. Vli. & T. EG AN, Revere, Boston. Mass
: German; Democrats come
October 31. to Metropolitan Hall and If 3-
ten to the Issues of the campaign. •DEAN.
This speech really ends the play: that
Mr. Moore should not have perceived this,
but should have continued hl3 dialogue
through another page of anti-climax.
shows that the spirit of the novelist la
strong within him and the spirit of the
dramatist weak. He has not written a
well-constructed play, but he has put to
gether an interesting series of conversa
tions absolutely devoid of humor but con
taining some excellent strokes of satire
and some passages that are even poetical.
As an illustration of the latter, take the
following:
The cause Is not lost, but the next op
portunity will come to a new man.
KIRWAN'.
But the cause I have abandoned, is It
lost forever? Can I not return?
DEAN.
There is an antiquarian society; you
might Joint it and advocate the preserva
tion of our antiquities. But If I were you.
I would not vex my mood with anything
except the matter in hand. You're chosen
to be happy: be a success in what the
world calls success..
KIRWAN'.
I understand. All men axe not as high
and as steadfast as you. Kirwan. You
must Judge others by a different standard.
I have failed. I know, but is my failure
irreparable? Is there nothing to do now
except to be happy?
DEAN'.
Tes, and I have been faithful to my
10 > e.
KIRWAN.
DEAN.
Kirwan, have you never been in love?
promised Mlllicent he will not go to the
meeting; Kirwan goes alone, and is ac
cused by another Alderman oJ trying to
make himself leader in Dean's absence.
The crowd grows restless, excited, uncon
trollable. - Finally it mobs everybody in
sight except Lawrence, who. having
promised them a tramway to b« built by
Southhaven capital, is elevated to be the
hero of the hour.
Xo sooner has Dean turned traitor to
his cause. than he perceives and regrets
his baseness:
The title cf the book ts enrortnna-te and
misleading. **Po* Whits Trash" ««gsest3
immediately an olla podrida of nerro dia
lect such aa the magazines have been dish
ing up and calling literature. In reality
there Is but one negro dialect play In th»
series, and that is far from beins the best
of the nice. The place of honor nrst be
awarded. I think, to **In Far Bohemia."
which contains one eh&r&cter. ITrs. Pen
nypacker, drawn with tocches not un
wonhy of Dickens.
plays as French literature Is rich. One
welcomes, therefore, Mrs. Sutherland's
"Po* White Trash and Other One-act
Dramas" (H. S. Stone & Co.) as an at
tempt In the right direction. The nln©
little plays In this book divide themselves
into two classes— those •which treat cr
romantic or medieval theme* azd thcs»
which treat of realistic or modern therne*.
The former, of which Rohan the Silent
may be taken as a type, seea to me
forced aad often stilted, nor Is there any
thing to distinguish from prose th© blank
verse passages scattered through thezn.
The latter, especially "In Far Bohesila."
and "A Bit of Instruction." ar« clearly
and vividly written, showing & good eye
for character and & steady hand In apply
ing the rules of a well-leaxned 11 «o=ae
what conventional stagecraft.
To aznateurs who have aa aabitlss ta
rise above the lend-me-flve-shlllinx» style
of one-act play this book will b« a bless
ing, for it will aftord them opportunity
to do some serious work that may inter
est their friends instead of sending thess
to sleep. Nearly all the plays call for
only short casts. "A. Bit of Instruction."
for instance, requires only two ratn. and
"In Far Bohemia" but two women and
English literature Is as poor In one-a^i
The literary element has been so Iocs
banished from the English drama that
many readers caay rnb their eyes ar.d in
quire what such passages are doing In a
play. But there 13 no reason why such
passages should cot occur In a play; Ja
fact there is every reason why they
should. If Mr. Moore can get them lis
tened to by audiences In Dublin h» Is ac
complishing what he could not accomplish
In any other city in the EcsHah-spe&king
world; he ts doing much to Justify his
belief that art. which has fallen to decay
on the banks of the Thames, may rise
a^ain, rejuvenescent, on the banks of the
Liffey. Long live the Irish Literary The
ater! It may easily produce a better
dramatist than Mr. George Moore, bet
it will not soon produce a better poet or
one more generously devoted to tka des
tiny of that race whosa youth promised
so glorious a manhood — a promise, alas!
of which grudging fate has never per
mitted the fulfillment.
the trees and the clouds we see the eter
nal face shining a* through a veil and all
the air Is filled wltix phantom forms. W»
are not alone In the world; lire Is beauti
ful and eternal If w» have faith. Scepti
cism reveals only baseness. Faith reveals
beauty and deslen.
BY L. DU PONT SYLE.
The Irish Literary Theater.
SUEDE COLORED CLOTH DRESS.
The dress represented Is of suede
colored cloth, trimmed with dead leaf
colored velvet. The skirt is pleated
round the bottom, and the pleats axe kept
In place by the bands of velvet. •
The people of the Danish West Indies emphatically
object to being purchased by the United States. They
ought to congratulate themselves that they are worth
buying in these hard times. . . -
While the heir to the Austrian throne, inspired per
haps by recent events in Italy, has renounced his right
to the succession, there is nothing to indicate that the
job he won't accept will go begging.
France, it is said, intends to give Kruger a splen
did welcome to her shores. This will hardly compen
sate for the ignominy of his leavetaking from South
Africa.
General Weyler must be a person whom it were
best to leave off one's visiting .list Favors shown to
him have upset one Spanish Ministry and created an
other that seems destined to a short life.
It might not be unwise to draft into the service of
the police the dozen highbinders who raided a Chi
nese gambling den a few nights ago. If something
isn't done we may hear some morning.that the China
town squad has been kidnaped.
Washington diplomats, it is claimed, have de
manded the abolition of the Chinese Foreign Office.
Recent events indicate that the easiest and most dip
lcmatic way of accomplishing the tasK would be with
a few good siege guns.
• The Federal authorities intend to remove the wreck
of the Maine piece by piece from the harbor of
Havana. And every piece that is lifted from the
water will be an object lesson to the nations that
American vengeance for wrongs done is swift and
sure, 1 '¦-".*' ~; -' : v- ;:
John M. Chretien, organizer and manipulator of
probate sharks, has again been temporarily saved
from San Quentin, but it will take something more
powerful than "probable cause" to prevent him ulti-'
mately from joining the colony of his fellows in th
big prison.
COLONEL BRYAN- R. K.. City. Wil
liam J. Bryan was colonel of a Nebraska
regriment of volunteers, but he never saw
service at Manila nor any part of tha
Philippines, nor, in fact, at any place
where there was any lighting. Bryan re
signed when his regiment was ordered to
Cuba. ¦. : __^_^> *
. SEA LEVEL—H. R. C, Alameda, Cal.
Sea level, which. all streams on earth
seek.' conforms' exactly to the shape of
the earth, whose diameter at the equator
is about twenty-four miles greater than
the diameter fror^. pole to pole. There
fore, a long river like the Nile or the
Mississippi, flowing north or' south, may
at its mouth, be a little farther from the
center of the earth than at its source*
but it has not at all been "running up
hill." It has been seeking sea level all
the time, and sea level is, in every case
the bottom of the hilL
SIXTEEN TO ONE PLANTC-A., City.
The Democratic platform adopted at Kan
sas City , and upon which William J. Bry
an was nominated has the following i>lank
in regard to silver:' , . ... *"~"~
-"We reaffirm and Indorse the principle*
of the . national Democratic platform
adopted at Chicago in 1596, and we reit
erate the demand for an American finan
cial system made by American people for
tbtmuivM m-hlcij ahall raatnr* »M mala.
burg, Germany, and the following named
European cities by the ordinary traveled
routes: To Berlin. ITS miles: Dresden,
220; Vienna, Gdo; Paris, 674, and St. Peters
burg. 1269.
LAW SUITS— A. O. S., City. This de
partment is ready to answer questions
relative to the existence of a statute or
tell if any decision had been rendered on
points of law. but It will not undertake to
give advice relative to matters which
may involve a lawsuit. That is the pro
vince of lawyers.
DISTANCES— D. A. C, City. The fol
lowing are the distances between Ham-
KAHN AND BARRY— F. T., City. At
the election in San Francisco (Fourth
Congressional District) In 1S93 Julius
Kahn received 13.6S5 votea and James H.
Barry 12,0$4.
THE DINGLET BILL—S. C. and A. B..
City. The Dingley bill was introduced De
cember 26. 1S96. was amended and became
a law on the 24th of July. 1S37.
EDISON— Subscriber. City. Thomas
Edison, -the, inventor and electrician, is
not dead.
ANSWKKS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.— The following
Californians are in Xew York: From San
Francisco— J. B. Castle Is at the Manhat
tan. W. H. Forbes is at the Grand Union,
F. G. Sanborn is at the Netherlands. C.
Hagman is at the Broadway Central. A.
Pollock is at the Imperial. W. J. Holmes
Is at the Albemarle and Dr. B. C Bolseke
is at the Victoria.
From Los Angeles — Miss Dillon Is at the
Everett and C. J. Goodnow is at the Park
Avenue.
From San Joee— W. H. Wright is at the
Grand.
CALITORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
The Cubans are busily engaged in preparing for
the constitutional convention, which is to assemble on
November 5. With the work of the convention the
United States Government will have nothing to do.
Governor Wood says: "At the convening of the dele
gates I shall limit my function to attendance lon#
enough to declare the convention open, the
briefest word to that effect I shall abdicate and leave
the delegates to their own devices. It will indeed be
a Cuban convention, having its own sergeants-at-arms
and all other necessary attendants. There will be ab
solutely nothing that can be tortured into the shape
of American coercion."
The most gratifying portion of the Governor':
statement is that referring to the reported antipathy
of the Cuban people toward the United States. The
Bryanites have frequently declared the existence of
such antagonism and have cited it as a proof that
the administration has been governing Cuba by a sys
tem of imperialism oppressive to the people and tend
ing to excite in their minds a fear that '.'we are going
to deprive them of their liberties.
Concerning that phase of the situation the Governor
LEONARD WOOD, Governor of Cuba, was re
cently in New York on his way to Washington,
and while there was interviewed upon the situa
tion in the island, giving a report which will be grati
fying to every American who has a genuine sympathy
with the Cubans in their desire for prosperity and in
dependence. With th» exception of the recent increase
of yellow fever every condition of the people is prom
ising of good results, and it is to be noted that not
withstanding the fever the death rate of the island is
Itss than for many years.
Governor Wood attributes the increase of the fever
to the number of emigrants from Spain, who, being
unacclimated and not immune from the disease, fall
victims to it. This Spanish immigration is one of the
unexpected results of the war. It appears the Span
iards trust free Cuba more than they trusted Cuba
under Spanish rule. Governor Wood says: "The
Spanish immigration has been very heavy, no fewer
than 40,000 individuals having arrived since last Oc
tober. Railway facilities now completed will enable
us to ship many of them into the interior.- Of course
many will stay in Havana, finding employment in the
warehouses and factories, and we must expect to find
cases of yellow fever among them."
The fact that so many immigrants are pouring into
the island is itself a proof that good government existi
there. It is a remarkable tribute to American ad
ministration and an evidence that we are making the
island more attractive than it ever was before even to
the Spanish themselves.
OUR SUCCESS IN CUBA.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
G. W. Wocd, medical director '-in the
United States navy, and Dr. M. K. Elmer,
also of the nav>\ are. registered at the
Occidental.
D. T. Cox and T. Collins, cattle and
swine raisers at Medford. Or., are stop
ping at the Russ for a few days-
Mrs. John Morrisey has returned from an
extended visit to the East and Is again
at home In her apartments at the Palace.
Samuel I. Berraan and L. B. Robinson,
New York woollen merchants, are stop
ping at -the Palace.
Dr. George E. Blakeslee of New York
arrived in the city yesterday and is stay
ing at the Grand.
L. .Grothwell, a prominent Stockton
real estate man, ia stopping at the Cali
fornia.
Walter Cobb of Gold Hill is at the
Russ. ...
T. F. Ahern. a large Chicago promo
ter. Is at the Palace, r • '
W. P. Hammond, an Orovllle mining
man, is at the Palace.
L. A. Spitzer. the Santa Clara. County
Assessor, is at the Grand. . •
Senator E. C. Voorheis of Sutter Creek
Is registered at the Palace,
Marlon Biggs Jr., an Oroville land
owner, is . registered at the Grand.'
J. Goldman, a merchant at Merced, la
stopping at th$ Grand for a few days.
O. E. Woodward of Woodward Island,
a well known capitalist. Is at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE DEMOCRAT—The
annaJs of Amerlc&s politics ftimisa to
parallel to the antagonism to Bryan waiea
a largo and influential element cf his
party feels. There will be but little grief
in the Democracy, especially In tie South
ern and "Western end of the country, at
the smashing of Bryanissa on NoVem
ber i.
PHILADELPHIA INQ"CTRER — Tas
tim« Is coining when the stump wQ be
abandoned and lrhen those who ar« ao-sr
FTatlfled if they can attract a few hza
dred«anditors will dispense with. th« pub
lic meeting and seek to secure tie first
hand publication of what taey want to
say in the column* of the nersT&pers.
CHICAGO NETT5— Z=?»r3r TTClian baa
pardoned a cafsrallxed Ai=ericaji citlsea
who was Imprisoned recently for luLvia^
escaped army terries in his na.trra coun
try. To be an American ta tliesa day*
covers a multitude cf sins abrcai
BOSTON GIX>BE— Tfce c!o«lss <ia.y» ct
the cast pal gn ci; afford fun anfl excite
ment enough to atone for the prevtctia
dullness, and the average- looker-cn will
be afforded & naagnif cent display of th»
fine art of Presldeat-ga irVrg.
BROOKLYN EAGLE— Tt* »T^r«5tJon
that an American President should trail
the stars and stripes In the face of as in
surgent chief fcaj bees isa£e by an as
pirant for tfc« fcirhert licTxsr la th« gift
of the people. No grave can b« deep
enough for its fctcnci
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
THE 3IOON— G. W.. Ballarat. The noon
revolves around toe earth from west to
east In a period of one month, thus ac
companying the earth in its motion around
the sun. As the moon, to an observer on
the earth, advances more than thirteen
degrees to the east dally, while the cor
responding advance of the sun is barely
one degree, her progress among the stars
Is more notable than that of the sun. this
rapid angular motion, the continual and
regular variation of her Illuminated sur
face and her large apparent size, nearly
equal to that of the sun. have rendered
the moon an object of general Interest.
The moon revolves on her axi3 but once
a month, therefore the lunar days and
nights are nearly thirty times as long as
our days and nights.
RACING CHART-E. E. B.. Sprara*.
Wash. The Call published a dally racing
chart for the California winter meeting,
beginning last November and closing In
the spring of 13«, together with daily tips.
Copies of The Call can be had by address
ing the business .department of the paper.
tain a bimetallic price level, and as a
part of such system the immediate restor
ation of free*and unlimited coinage pi sil
ver and eold at the legal raxio of lt> to 1.
¦without waiting for the aid or consent or
any other nation/^
What more can any business man or workingman
a?k of a Representative at this juncture? Let us re
turn to Congress a man who has been found faithful
to ihr interests of the State and whose experience will
ersble him to be in the future even more efficient than
in the past
Nor is that all. Referring to his work and service
:n Conpress. Mr. Kahn had the satisfaction of being
afcle to say to his constituents the other evening: «"I
pointed out to the Secretary of State the danger to
American bbor from the threatened influx of hordes
of Japanese, ar.d through his intercedence not a Jap
anese laborer has landed on American or Canadian
•oil in the pan four months. I introduced a bill and
forced its passage preventing 20.000 Chinese on the
Hawaiian Islands being: dumped upon u«. I have
vcted for the Nicaragua canal bill in all its phases, and
denounce as utterly and maliciously false every state
ment to the contrary. I have urged the laying of the
Pacific cable and shall work for its manufacture right
here, which means an expenditure of from $6,000,000
to $8,000,000 among the mechanics and laborers of this
city. As Jons as I represent you in Congress I .shall
continue to work for the best interests of San Fran
citco and California, and shall never lack in energy
to procure for my city and State every possible advan
tage they and you are entitled to."
In uniting to support Mr. Kahn the members of the
business men's club are not relying upon expectation,
merely. A new man in the House is_ heavily handi
capped in work of all kinds, but, despite that draw
back, Mr. Kahn accomplished much during his first
tf trn, and his supporters can justify their faith in him
b;- the recoi d of what he has achieved. It was largely
due to his efforts that defeat attended a scheme to
make Nome a sub-port of entry. By that act alone
he saved to American merchants and ship-owners and
riamracturer? a trade equal to about $15,000,000.
It should be borne in mind, however, even by the
free traders zrA free silver rnen, that party measures
compose but a small part of Congressional work. The
bulk of legislation deals with raatterB on which par
ties are not divided. These matters are the outcome
at the general progress of the country, such as the
improvement of rivers and harbors, the construction
of Federal buildings, the establishment of rules and
regulations concerning trade, and similar issues. In
matters of that kind each Congressman is in duty
bemsd to present to Congress the claims and inter
ests of his own constituency, so that its welfare may
rct be sacrificed to other interests. To attend to mat
ters of thzt kind there is needed in Congress a thor
ot;ph business man, an energetic worker, a man who
knows the interests of his district and his State and
is able to maintain them in committee-rooms and in
debate on the floor. Mr. Kahn has proven himself
to be an able representative in matters of that kind,
fad accordingly even free traders and silver men. see
!rsr the impossibility of carrying those measures,
mipht well vote for Mr. Kahn on the broad ground
of his efficiency in supporting the business inteests
of the city and the State.
Not s single valid icason can be advanced to jus
tify a vote against Mr. Kahn unless it be that kind of
reasoning that upholds free trade, free silver and
Bryar.ism generally. It is known that Mr. Kahn is
z stanch and stalwart Republican; that he will in
Cor.gTess steadfastly uphold the protective tariff and
the gold standard; that he will sustain the McKinley
administration in z\\ great policies designed for pro
xrct:r.£ the prosperity of the people; so men who hope
to craw a prof.t from calamity may vote against him,
but 2:1 other voters should be with him first, last and
all the tin-.e.
ONE of the encouraging features of the local
campaign is the organization of a club of busi
ness men to work for the re-election of the
lion. Julius Kahn in the Fourth Congressional Dis
trict. California has suffered so much from the folly
of changing Congressmen every two years that this
manifestation of a determination among business men
tc support the incumbent because he has proven
faithful and efficient in office is a sign of increasing
political wisdom that promises to result in great bene
fits to every interest of the State.
THE RE-ELECTION OP KflHN.
That is a part of the record of the effects of Tam
many imperialism in New York, and from it the pub
lic can form an estimate of the nature of the issue
which Bryan's devotion to Croker now raises before
the people of the whole country. Crokerism has been
added to free silver, free trade and the assault on the
Supreme Court. The new issue is as portentous as
any of the former ones, and furnishes an additional
reason why all good citizens, without respect to party,
should vote against the man who cries in pride,
"Great is Tammany, and Croker is its prophet."
The direful effects of Tammany government in
New York City were recently set forth by Franklin
Matthews in Harpers' Weekly. After pointing out
the waste of money by official negligence and corrup
tion,, and the encouragement given to crime which
paid blackmail into the Tammany treasury, he went
on to say: "Go furthei into the Tammany control of
crime in New York. The report of the magistrates
shows that in 1899 there , was an increase of felonies
over 1S08 of 1244. and that in 1899 there wa3 an in
ciease in grand larceny cases over the previous yeir
of 610. Now look at these facts: The excise arrest?
fell off 326, and were the smallest in number since
1554. Is Tammany good to liquor sellers who break
the laws? And why, do you suppose? The number
cf arrests for keeping gambling-houses was smaller
than in any year since 1885. Is Tammany good to
the gamblers? And why? Ask the policy gam
keepers who put up $100,000 to secure the election of
Mayor Van Wyck. The number of arrests for the
violation of the sanitary code in 1899 was 284, com
pared with 519 in 180S, and less than in any year since
1555. Does this explain the increase in the death
rate in the East Side wards? Then look for the ar
rests for keeping disorderly houses in recent years:
1895, 4S8; 1896, 474: 1897, 506; 1S98 (Tammany rule).
2 37; 1899, 180. And yet the town is wide open, no
toriously wide open, compared with the days of the
Strong administration."
The importance of this new issue with which Bry
anism now confronts the people was strikingly pre
sented by the Hon. Frederick W. Holls in his address
on Friday evening. Commenting upon Bryan's talk
of the menace of imperialism Mr. Holls said: "The
danger of imperialism is real. If we should find any
where in this nation a section dominated by the will
of one man: if that cne man should be low and cor
rupt; if that section should be a great city and its
organization a great factor in national politics, then,
my friends, you have imperialism. You find it with
Mr. Croker and his vile Tammany crowd. You find
it in the men who glory in the fact that they live by
political blackmail, oft the dives of New York City;
in the organization of which Mr. Bryan had the
effrontery to tell the people of Syracuse, 'Great is
Tammany, and Croker is its prophet.' My friends,
there is the danger of imperialism."
BRYAN, in the exuberance of his delight over
the great parade and tumultuous welcome which
Tammany gave him on his recent visit to New
York, burst out with the exultant cry, "Great is Tam
many, and Croker is its prophet." When he uttered
those words he gave notice to the American people
that should he be elected to office Croker would be
a power in the administration. Thus Tammany be
comes a national issue. It is no longer a question of
its control of the city of New York only. It is a
question whether it shall be permitted to dominate the
politics of the whole nation.
TflMAIflNY flND ITS PROPHET.
SUNDAY OCTOBER sS. 1900
JOHN D SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
AcJriress A'l Cc-r.municaticns to W. S. LE*KE. Mtnaper
M % N AGER'« OFFICE Telephone J?^J^
PIBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Trlrplionp Pr«« 2OI.
EDITORIAL ROOM? 217 t#» 221 StfTennon St.
Telephone Pren« 203.
Delivered I.v Carrier*. 15 C«-nt» Per Weelc.
MBKlr Copleii. 5 Ont».
Trrna by Mall. Inrlndlnc Postaaret
DAILY CALL itr.r'ci'rir Sunday). cs# jrwr IS* 1 "
PAILT CALL OuOoOag BsaOajr). « rr-onth* 1-W
I>ArLT CALL ff"i*lf*"H Sur^ar*. J raonth* IM j
X>A1LT CAli-Br S!=p!e V.-r.th «*<^ '
tVXDAT CALL. On* T>*r U*
WEEKLY ""ALL. Oec Tut »•<»
All poMmaotern are anthortied to receive
•nhnrrlptlnm.
S»rr.ri» err*"** •"til t* fcr«rarde<J -"h*n r»qae»te4.
Kail rubfcri!»r» tr. trf'f.rt cfc«nt» Of *6&rr+r *hcra'.a te
r*rriTC!tr te> rive br.'h NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In ord*r
la !n?-jr» a prrir.rt ar.i ecrr»ct rrrr.p!!*nc* irith their r*QU»*t.
OAKLl\n OFFICE Ill** llroidirar
C. GKOItGE KItOG\E«S.
V£-.»~tr Foreign A2>-ert %i~g. Marquette Euildi^g. Chicigo
fl>:r^ nirtjasce Telephoa* "C«=trml IO».">
NTTW TCRK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHI.TO\ Herald Square
NTETW TCRK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN Ii. SMITH 3O Tribune Ha H.I 1 n c
SfEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
CCaUorf*AstorU Kctel; A. Br*ntaao, a L'Eton E<jb«t«:
Msrraj KiU Hc«L
\VASH1\CTO^ <D. C.» OFFICE. . . .14O« G «t^ >'. ~W.
SIORTO^ E. CRANE. CorrenpoadrDt.
BRANCH OFFICE*—^: Mont^cT3»rr. eerier of Clay. op*n j
ucti! S:J*' o'clock. 300 Hayes, oj-en until 9:3C o'clock. CSS
J!pA"Jft<?r. open uatil »:S0 o'clock. €1S LarkSn. cp«i ontjl
J :J0 o'clock. :*« MlstJoa. cpea until 1» o'clock. Mark*;,
ccrcer Elxteesth. C7«a BStfl S o'clock. 1CS< Valcoda. cpen
•j=:i'i ? o'clock. ioi Eleventh. cr*a ust!! 5 o'clock. NW. cor- !
r*r TTreT.:r-n L crr.i an<i Kentucky, open until » o'cJr>ck
That much .of benefit we may expect from the new
management of the Southern Pacific. Mr. Charles
Melville Hays comes to us like the advance agent of
business prosperity and political purity, so far as the
railroad is concerned. Should the promise be ful
filled he will have a welcome that will make his new
home dearer to him than any other he has ever had.
Such offenses have been not only a wrong to the
Republican party, but a positive harm to the State.
There is therefore much to rejoice over in the chang;
which promises either the retirement of Herrin or at
least an order to him which will compel him to give
his attention to the law business of the road; to
leave him no further time nor authority to do politics
with Crimmins and Kelly: no further power to use the
railroad influence to elect a disreputable man to the
United States Senate; no more railroad money to use
in supporting corrupt men in politics; no privilege of
any kind to neglect his duties to the business of his
office in order to fix slates for slum politicians.
What a prospect of coming good glows before Cali
fornia in the promise of this change! The elimina
tion of the railroad from politics would in itself be an
enormous gain to all the interests of the city. It is not
neceisary to go far back in the past to show the evil
that railroad politicians have inflicted upon San Fran
cisco and the State. The present campaign furnishes
illustrations enough. The people are aware that a year
ago the Republicans of this city drove Crimmins and
Kelly and their base following from the councils of
the Republican party. There was then even- reason
for expecting those men would never again have the
ability to place one of their tools on a Republican
ticket or to defeat honest Republicans when nomi
nated for office. That expectation was disappointed
by the Southern Pacific Company. W. F. Herrin, the
so-called head of the law department of the road but
in reality its political manager, brought Crimmins and
Kelly from the Mint saloon and from the slums of
politics and placed them again in a position of power.
Herrin even raised Kelly to a position from which he
arrogated the right to name the chairman of the Re
publican county convention and forced the nomina
tion for office of some of the most notorious of rail
road tools.
The hopes of Californians for such results from the
change in the management of the road are not without
good reasons to sustain them. Mr. Hays is known as
a railroad man. He is not and has never been a
political boss. He has made his way upward in his
profession by strict attention to business. His career
frcm the day he began in one of the humblest employ
ments of railroad work to that on which he was se-_
lected to be president of the Southern Pacific Com-*
pr.ny has been a brilliant illustration of success at
tained by legitimate work done with a strict fidelity
to every duty. The appointment of such a man can
hardly mean anything else than that the control of
the road has now passed into the hands of men who
intend to use it for business purposes solely and not
for politics. Such has been the record of those men
in tlfe past Is it not reasonable to expect they will be
true to that record in the future?
How great would be the change in the affairs of
California brought abcut by the elimination of rail
icad bosses from politics no man can fully estimate.
Nf ither can we fully foresee what benefits would flow
from the direction of the attention of the railroad
ivanacers exclusively to matters cf business and the
improvement of 'the transportation facilities of that
g r eat transcontinental Hne. It is known the corpora
tion has been a corrupting force in politics, and that
it has been negligent of the industrial and commercial
interests of the State. To have all that changed — to
have fuil attention given to railroad business and no
encouragement or aid given to political bosses would
be a consummation the very promise of which fills
the State with expectations of a new era marked
by commercial development and by political reform.
f~^ ALIFORNIA has reason to expect much in the
I way of benefit from that evolution in the affair*
of the Southern Pacific Railroad which has
brought about the election of Charles Melville Hays
ts president, with the establishment of his home and
headquarters in this city. The development promises
something like a revolution in the management of the
road. It gives hope that hereafter the energies of that
giant corporation are to be devoted exclusively to
business, and that it is not to interfere in politics or
be a source of support to corrupt politicians.
A NEW ERA FOR CALIFORNIA.
Such is the official report that comes to us from the
island. It shows a condition of affairs almost without
parallel in history. When we recall the long strife
between the Cuban? and the Spaniards and the fear
ful destruction of property and the abandonment of
industry that marked the course of that" strife there is
surely something to be proud of in the fact that within
so short a time our Government has established or
der, laid the foundations of prosperity, prepared the
way for independence and rendered the island so
flourishing that even the Spaniards themselves an:
flocking to it in order to share in its prosperity.
said: "This brings me to some most unhappy mis
apprehensions — not widely but influentially held in
this country — concerning the attitude of the Cuban
mind toward the United States and the present admin
istration. I assure you upon my responsibility that it is
an error, as complete as it is lamentable, that there is
distrust of the United States on the part of Cubans. A
few malcontents there are, as there must be always
and in every country and under any conditions. But
they are a mere handful, and there can be no greater
mistake than to interpret the ravings of these idiots
ac an expression of Cuban thought and sentiment.
The majority of the Cuban people — the Cuban people,
I may roundly say. the exceptions are so insignificant
— are friendly in the highest degree to the United
States, to the administration and to the resident repre
sentatives of the Government. With their friendliness
go perfect confidence in the purpose of the United
States to redeem every promise and unqualified con
tentment with present progress."
. r : - ¦¦-.¦:¦ - - . • §
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.
The ladles of Northhaven. for reasons
social and milllneristlc, are devoted ad
herents of Southhaven. They are greatly
shocked at Dean's unconventional meth
ods of forcing Southhaven's hand; his two
aunts try to dissuade him, but in vain.
Finally they call to their aid Mlllicent
Fell, a rich and beautiful Southhaven girl,
to whom Dean ts engaged. The play then
resolves itself into a contest between Kir
wan and Millicent for the soul of Dean.
At first It petms that Kirwan will win,
but at the crucial moment, when Dean la
to address the enthusiastic meeting called
to Indorse his policy, he falls. He has
The play Is a piece of symbolism so
plain that he who runs may read. The
seaport town of Xorthhaven (Ireland)
had allowed its industry to be ruined and
its trade diverted by abandoning to the
town of Southhaven (England) the control
of its line of municipal steamers. For the
exclusive commercial privileges thus ac
quired Southhaven had agreed to pay a
large sum of money, but had failed to
keep its agreement. The corporation of
Northhaven (the Irish members of Parlia
ment) is torn with internal dissensions.
Some in the pay of Southhaven oppose
all legal proceedings to recover the
money; others wish to recover the money,
but differ as to the means; others, again,
are Jealous of each other. The meeting
of the Town Council with which the play
opens is. Bedlam let loose. Order is finally
brougrht'out of this chaos by the persua
sive eloquence of one Jasper Dean, re
cently elected an Alderman. He Is that
born leader of men for whom Northhaven
has long waited. Inspired by the wisdom
and spirituality of his friend Kirwan (ge
nius of the Keltic race) he unites the jar
ring factions, who pass with but one dis
senting vote (Lawrence, Traitor and Spy)
a resolution directing- that Immediate le
eal proceedings be taken for the recovery
of the money.
GEORGE MOORE In the preface to
'¦ Ms play, "The Bending of the
Bough" (H. S. Stone & Co.). sets
forth some Interesting views on the
present condition of the drama. He
would scoff at Henry Arthur Jones' con
tention that there is a renascence of the
drama in England. Art In that country,
says Mr. Moore, is hopelessly dead; only
empire-making is alive. "Art is produced
in the youth of a nation, when the nation
is small, when national enthusiasm is
awakening and visions draw into an in
tellectual focus and the intellect of every
one is akin." Greece after the expulsion
of the Persians. Holland after the expul
sion of the Spaniards, England after the
Armada are examples of this. • • • But
to-day art has left England. France. Rus
sia and Germany, according to Mr. Moore.
Where it will appear next he doesn't
know, but he hopes It will be in Ireland.
Abandoning London, then, as eternally
materialized. Mr. Moore and a few of his
friends have founded the Irish Literary
Theater in Dublin, where art is to be
practiced as much as possible for the Joy
of art and as little as possible for money.
"The Bending of the Bough" is the first
fruits of this enterprise. -
DEAN.
All Is alive: nothing Is dead- Through
That which Is you. which Is me. which
Is leading us. It Is a quality which never
ceases among us; each of us bears hJ3
spark of the magical power; now and then
a sr-ark blazes uj> into a "am* and the
fire fades down Into a spark; but the Ia3t
spark always remains. • • • The gods
(of our race) live enfolded in the serenity
of the hills. "Why doubt the simple and
the beautiful? That. before the beginning
of the stars a breath came out of chaos,
orb after orb rounded and the vast sons
of nature flowed out. filling the spaces
with light and beauty awl ecstasy.
KIRWAN.
But the destiny of the (Keltic) race—
¦what does that really mean?
26
D« Jones— Is thera a clock tn yocr
church?
Sleepieirh— Tes. but it Isn't of emen
use; it hasn't any alarm. — Smart Set.
routes. Fcr further Information adiraas H. C
BUSH. reneraJ asest. Saa Frm=d»ea. •
Tfc# COLORATO irn>LAXT> RT. -wtn raa a
through P*a!lTnaTi toarUt car to Cilcaxo. l#*v-
lr.r Los Anceles e-rvrr Moa£ar at 10:a p. ~
t«Kir.r.!fic October tJ, as3 rr*ry Ta«*£ay at
( p. o. frea San Franc: sro via ti« Rio Graad*
Westers. Colorado M'.i'.iaJ aad BorUnstaa
New Overland Tourist Car Lin-.
"Was the play sad. Miss BirsT~
"Tes. very; if I hain't had & box ei
candy vrlth me I couldn't h&v* «*•
through it." — Chicago Record.
Special information arcppued <Sa3y to
business houses and public js*n bv the
Press Clippise Bureau < Allen's V 513 Jlont-
g-omery «t. Telephon« Main l&C •
CaL pla.ee fruit SOe per It> at TDwaMatfa.*
AJCTJSE2XEXTS.
Tivol'.— "Ctnren."
Alharr.tra — "Ki^K cf th» Or!nni R'.I^."
Calirornii— Pitno Recital. Wednesday. Octcbe-r Sl.
ori r^urc— VaudevtlSe.
Grand Or*ra-fcrus<— "MaSiir.e Sac* Gese. "
Grand Or*T»-hocs*— Maartc* Gr»u Oj«r* Cempaay. Moa-
<mv rweateCi November li-
Alc»t»r— "A Soldier rf the Er=»ir«."
Cc!un:bi*— "Oliver Go'.issiltii." t^dorTCir nifht.
CMyiajsa. cc:n*r M&for. »rul Eiiy fireet*— sper.juue*.
Ctutes. Zoo and Tfce*ter— Vauievtlie every afternoon and
Fischer* »— VtuJ«T.>.
Fl-.errsas-C.ay Kail— P-.aa» Rents'.. Thursday nlgrfct. N»-
fcnrber 1.
Vticn Cc\ire.Tx Park— Cwinisr.
Kecreaf.cr. Xtrk— t-t*eb«-LL
Sotro Bati-.f- — Oi>en TLlgt.zs. '
AUCTION SftT.KS.
By Pa"? Alto StatW — T=e*iajr. Octcber 30, at 11 o'clock,
korses. at 2TC> O'Kan*Il rtreet.
p^ggli^^Driviiig a goo d ]|
Because at $;.oo the pair they are reasonable fa price— then,
too, they prevent colds and conghs, which are expensive things
With ABSOLUTELY WATERPROOF LEATHER.
CORK SOLES and a COMELY APPEARANCE, areat
they a BARGAIN?
Made by BUCKINGHAM & HECHT; sold only at
738-740 Market Street, San Francisco.
Mail Orders filled — ¦ Address Deoartment O. J
V^" ' -^ mm . ..dence other than that given by witnesses
was considered. Attorney Riordan also
offered a general challenge to the Grand
Jury itself. Judge Cook overruled the
other objections and set the challenge to
the Jury for hearing next Saturday morn
ing.
The court then sustained the demurrer
to the complaint In the cases of Silva and
Simpton in the following importfcst de
cision: _
The demurrers filed hero and treating of the
question as to the form of the pleading and the
merits of the entire cases hare received the
careful consideration of the court. If the de
murrers rested upon the form of pleading alone
I should doubtless overrule them, but after
listening carefully to argument! on both sides
the court is convinced that the exceptions noted
as to the merits of the case Itself have some
weight.
The question la raised aa to whether the
charge In the indictment actually makes out
the charge of subornation of perjury, »Jid the
court entertains grave doubts on that point.
The same issue has been before Judges Troutt
and Slack, and the court takes that into, con
sideration aa well.
No time will b« lost by the District At
torney in making his appeal to the Su
preme Court.
A trial here at thi» moment lastlnsr weeks
yes, months — Involves the county In grreat ex
pense, and In view of the doubts entertained on
the point here made, the court la constrained
to eend the Issue before the appellate court
without delay, and thus get an Immediate rul
ing on the vital point set forth. The demurrers
are therefore sustained and the Supreme Court
may at once clear tho way for us, before we
proceed to trial.
TO the surprise of attorneys, court,
witnesses and loungers, Mrs. Net
tie R. Craven appeared in Superior
Judge Cook's courtroom yesterday
morning to answer to her name
when it was called In the case in which
she is accused of perjury. Mrs. Craven,
accompanied by a woman friend, entered
the courtroom on crutches. She said to
those who asked that she felt physically
improved, but she does not look so. Her
face has the stamp which serious illness
and suffering have made. She is weak,
emaciated and pale as death. She was as
sisted to a chair and in five minutes she
vas at liberty to retire. Her case had
again been postponed for a week, and a
decision given by Judge Cook in the cases
of Adolph Sylva and G. W. Simpton in
dicates that the Supreme Court will pass
upon questions of law before a jury in the
Superior Court passes judgment upon
matters of fact.
.¦When the case of Mrs. Craven was
called her attorney, Thomas D. Riordan,
announced that he was not prepared to go
on, as he did not know until a late hour
last night that Mrs. Craven would be able
to be present and he had not Issued sub
poenas for witnesses whom he will need.
Ho moved, however, that the Indictment,
found against Mrs. Craven be set aside
for several reasons. He Insisted that in
several respects the indictment is defec
tive; He contends that the names of wit
nesses examined by the Grand Jury have
not been appended to the indictment: that
persons not witnesses were allowed to b«
present during the investigation; that evi-
MRS. NETTIE R. CRAVEN. SUPPORTED BY CRUTCHES, ENTERS
JUDGE COOK'S COURTROOM TO ANSWER HER NAME ON A
CHARGE OF PERJURY.
The libel ault of Louis L. Billings n.
the United States .was . dismissed , yester
day In tb* United States District Court
tor -wmX oX Projccution. .._.;,. ......... ._.._. ;•
Libel Suit IMsmissed.
Mrs. Helen Saunders, alias Mrs. Emer
son, was arrested In San Rafael yester
day morning by Detective Crockett and
brought to the City Prison, . where a
charge of defrauding an Innkeeper waa
booked against her." The complaining
witness is Mrs. Lizzie Kearns. 1401 Leav
enworth street. Sirs. Saunders and her
daughter boarded at Mrs. Kearna' house
for a month, representing that they came
from Petaluma and saying they were Mrs.
Emerson and daughter. They left with
out pay insr their board bill. She waa • re
leased on |50 cash ball.
Fails to Pay Her Board Bill.
Music in the Park.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the band In Golden Gate Park
to-day:
Overture. "Robespierre" LItolff
"'Dans* <lu Tamborin" Boiorettl
"RiF-miniicencefl of Donizetti" Godfrey
Waltx. "La Toscana" .......Buncaloist
Cornet «olo. "A Request and Reply".. Marchand
Performed by W. Mahood.
Overture. "The Bohemian Girl" : Bilf*
"Rhapsodie No.. 2" Liszt
Selection, "Robin Hood" DeKoven
Descriptive, .'"The Death of Custer"..J. Doniran
March. "The Comedy . Kin*" ...Hint
•Whereas. Dr. R. Beverly Cole haa been a
professor in the medical department of the
University of California from its foundation,
and haa been for ntty years a faithful, pains
taking and efficient teacher of the science and
art of medicine; and whereas. In addition to
his services as professor and presiding officer
of the faculty he has labored assiduously and
successfully to advance the standard of the
department; and whereas, to hts energy and
devotion the department owes In a great meas
ure its commodious building; and whereas, by
reason of his 111 health It Is necessary that. the
rfavy burden in the active work of his pro
fessornhlp be lightened. Therefore be it
Resolved, That the faculty extend to Profes
sor Cole its sympathy, and in consideration of
his eminent services be it further resolved
that a recommendation be made that Professor
Ccle be made emeritus professor of obstetrics
and ffynecology.
Adopted by the > faculty of the medical de
partment of the University of California Octo
ber 4, 1900.
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER. President.
¦A. A. d'Ancona, Dean; R. A. McLean, George
It Powers, Harry M. Sherman, Alonzo E. Tay
lor W. ' B. L«ewltt, Frank Green, Thomas M.
Huntlngton. Benjamin R. Swan. William Watt
Kerr, D. W. Montgomery. William E. Hop
kins, C. von Hoffman. Washington Dodgre. John
M. Williamson. John W. Robertson, Herbert
C. Moffltt, George Franklin Shlels.
He Receives a Silver Plate Engraved
With, Resolutions of Esteem
and Regret.
Coroner' Colo was banqueted by the
University Club last Friday evening and
presented with a silver plate, with the
folio-wing engraved upon it:
1S50. LET THERE BE LIGHT. 1900.
California,
1S68.
DE. COI,E IS TENDERED I
BANQUET BY ADMTRERS
Floor-»-R. H. McPherson, chairman:' H. J
Trowbridc* and James M. Foley. assistant));
I. I^evy E. P. Driscoll, Dr. M. H. Atkins, II.
Meyers, J. p. Morris. Henry Kaiser, W. P.
Ferny, D. H. Parker, A. W. Tugjry. Q. Hicks.
VT. W. All*n. F. W. Harris; M. D.: N. H.
Hall. S. H. Hook, M. H. Besson. W. 8. D.
Brown. J. A. Zollver. A. J. Doyle. J. ICordman,
Eflward C. Watters, J. Preston, L. M. Manz*r
Jr., P. A. Pioda. R. A. Lewln. C. W. Edwards
Jacob Wirck, Ellas Rod*ok<?r, B. H. Ames,
Geor=» TV. Hammond, William H. Day, J.
Jackson. \V. F. Ha*ly. A: F. Ny«. T. J. Pal
mer. J. P. Counihon, Thomas Orifflts. Max
Wlesenhuter. E.- M. Coffey. H. B. B. Chapman,
J. J. Wall, J. A. McWllliams. Dan 8ewcll. H.
C. Malten. J. ,01sen, J. Jorirensen. Frank Nor
ton. J. Howe. D. Hurley. F. H. Kimball. Louis
Goehr. J. J. Birch. Steve Crontn, William J.
Ryan. Edward Rosenbersr. "B. A. Douthltt. A.
L. Simpson. Thomas T. Moran. Oscar Winkler,
A. L. Smythe. Lee Hamlin; D. of H. No, \%~
Linda G. Malloy, Mary J. Stewart; D. of H.
No. 106— Miss Anna Lee, Mrs. A. L. Hawlty.
General committee of arrangements — Charles
E. Snook, a rand Master, chairman; E. Dan
forth. Deputy Grand Master, vice chairman;
Walter Malloy. Special Deputy, secretary;
Ellas Rod^ckpr, Past Master, treasurer.
Reception— C. T. Spencer. Grand Recorder,
chairman: F. Driucoll, J. A. Johnson. Louis
Jacobs. John McGlennan. T. J. Foley Jr G
J. Gouroii w. J. Bollen, J. T. Shaylor. Otto
Herzc*.. William Bautz, J. E. Clifford, T. W.
ward. Albert M. Armstrong, James M. Camp,
J. Michaels. M. E. Stanford. M. L. Stern, F.
I. Duncan. J. Van Tassell. Dr. E. E. Balrd
Otto KlumDf. C. T. Cleve. F. T. K>nney. A.
Hurlman. J. Meyer, James Davidson, - W. H.
HilL Ed Bauemelater. H. K. Waterhouse, R.
F. McKenzie. H. B. Isaacs, Joseph E. L«e. J.
F. Walthour. F. Doozlr. C. S. Curtis. T. A.
FarlesB. C. Cummins. A. F. Fitschen. J.
Behelllnr, H. Maakow. P. W. rostel. J. T.
Blake. W. P. Murphy, John A. Hertnghl. W.
H. Kruse. J. F. Feno. O. W. Crawley, J. M.
Smith. Dr. A. W. Fuson, Steve Crowley, John
T. KIdd. J. B. McDonald. James Stoceeker,
L*ry McMany. George Frederickson. Dr. Ryer
David Keefe. James A. Connolly, Ch. Maisel
William Doyle. E. H. Lehnlnar, L. Klten; D.
of H.. No. 106-Mrs. E. Litlzuis, Mrs. M. E.
Shea; D. of H. No. 13— Linda G. Malloy, Mary
J. Stewart.
who crowded the dancing space to Its
limit.
The following named were the commit
tees in charge during the evening:
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.— It was well along
toward midnight when the Democratic
mass meeting or collection of mass meet
ings came to and end. The only untoward
incident was an explosion of fireworks
at the Van Buren street end of the Court
of Honor. The explosion caused a stam
pede and a number of people were
trampled upon and slightly burned, but
apparently no person was seriously in
jured.
Caused a Stampede.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 27.-Dlspatches
from Mukden received at the War Office
pay that proof is at hand that 400 native
Christians were massacred at Mukden
before the Russian occupation. Fifty
modern guns, mostly Krupps, several
thousand small caliber rifles and twenty
million cartridges have been found.
Many Christians Slain.
ANNIVERSARY
ANCIENT ORDER
OF WORKMEN
Large Fraternal Gathering
in the Pavilion Last
Evening.
Th^re w»r» a.bout ten thousanii people
In the Mechanics' Pavilion last night to
assist at the celebration of the thirty
feeond anniversary of the institution of
the Ancient Order of United Workmen.
The hall was profusely decorated with
patriotic bunting, anchors and shields,
emblematic of the order. Every seat on
three fides of the hall on the pround floor
¦was occupied, while tier upon tier of seats
la the galleries were crowded, and neariy
five hundred people stood at the western
end of the large building. It waa the
largest fraternal gathering that has ever
aFsembled In this city. The special stand
f'»r the talent was occupied by those who
vera billed for the programme and by
Grand Master Workman C. E. Snook and
majiy of the grand officers.
After several selections by the Park
Hand Past Grand Master W. H. Barnes,
president of the evening, made a few ap
propriate remarks concerning the occasion
of the meeting and then introduced tho
California Quartet, which rendered "The
Blue and the Gray," and for an encore
fang "A Fairy Tale," composed by Grand
Receiver Sam Booth, descriptive of Work
rranphip. ' Mrs. Blake-Alverson sang
";Viva L* America," and was followed oy
Grand Master Workman Snook, who In a.
ten-minute address told the large audience
a great deal about the order and what it
has done in the thirty-two years of it3
existence. Then Miss Ada Shean sang
the "Holy City" and a ballad in a sweet
contralto voice, after which Billy Hynes
entertained with comic songs. The pro
frramme cloeed with an exhibition drill by
the team of Pacific Lodge of Oakland,
Mrs. Walter Malloy accompanist. This
terminated with the formation in living
letters of the initials of the order and the
initials of the motto, Charity, Hope and
Protection. The numbers were well re
ceived.
Then followed a programme of twelv«
flancee. which were enjoyed, by thousand*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.
Judge Cook Asks a Decision From Supreme
Court Before Trial of Simpton and Silva.
MRS. NETTIE R. CRAVEN, SUPPORTED
BY CRUTCHES, ENTERS COURT
27
When the natural and constantly re-
curring Incidents peculiar to our sex
are perfectly normal, a woman may be
sure she is healthy, and not until they
are should she rest satisfied. All kinds
of expedients may be resorted to by
women to hide the ravages of time and
suffering, but they are one and all bar-
ren of permanent result for good while
unnatural and excessive pains and
aches exist. >,' -
I really believe women deceive them-
selves about this, and I believe, too,
that they do not receive positive in-
struction about it from physicians. I
have known lots of women who suffered
torture about one-fourth of the time
until I prevailed upon them to write to
Mrs. Pinkham. Even then, they were
at first inclined to think they had to
go through these experiences Just be-
cause they are women. But they took
the advice they received, and found
they had been very foolish to wait so
long before getting help.
It Is a mystery to me that a woman
will deliberately allow herself to suf-
fer, will willingly forego her right to
the delight of living, will knowingly
resign herself to premature old age,
when at her hand is this helper and
sustainer that has done so much for
others. If your back Is beginning to
round, if the lines are creeping into
your face, if you do not feel so pert as
you should, do not forget that the
cause of these troubles is easily found,
and easily overcome.
It Isn't as If there were no way to
avoid these troubles. Everybody knows
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and what it has done to help
women who are the brightest specimens
of our sex to-day. It is a simple thing
to do if a woman really cares about
herself, to take Mrs. Pinkham's medi-
cine. I have seen so much of the good
it has done that I want all women to
benefit by its virtues.
In fact, most of the old age that
creeps only too early upon women, most
of the fading away of the brightness
of the face, are due to lack of watch-
fulness of the organs of the sex. Month
after month women suffer and grow old
from the natural functions of our sex.
given that we might be rejuvenated,
and renewed as time goes by — given
as a means ' of enhancing female
beauty. Yet month after month these
unnatural pains go unheeded: week
after week the aching back— Nature's
warning that something is wrong— 13
neglected, until health Is broken, and
beauty gone. Oh! that women might
realize their position, and know that
upon themselves depends their own at-
tractiveness.
Cleanliness Is not a mere washing of.
the body or even an occasional bath.
I have known women who got Into a
tub two or three times a week, tfn-
gerly rubbed themselves with soap, and
thought their duty ended. The woman
who knows makes her bath as regular
as her meals. Nor is she content with
water baths alone. Sun baths she
takes, and air baths. Whenever possi-
ble, she spends an hour a day In a w«ll-
ventilated room, with no clothing on
but a light garment, through which
the air may pass freely. She spends
time outdoors, warming her blood in
the sun, cleansing her lungs with the
fresh air. »
There Is another law of cleanliness
so often neglected by women — th<s
use of the vaginal douche. The body
needs to be clean Inside and out, if
perfect physical beauty Is to result, and
nothing is more important than the use
of the warm douche every morning up-
on rising.
How do they make themselves at-
tractive? Not by powder and paint,
not by any artificial device. Eternal
vigilance Is their watchword. A care-
ful guard over the health, and over
those weaknesses by which women so
readily succumb to old age. Good looks
to-day are the result of cleanliness,
physical perfection and a bright brain
combined.
When one thinks of it, It's queer how
little mere prettlnes3 counts these days.
The 1 word itself has a weak, insipid
sound that we hate. A hat or a gown
must be smart, not pretty; a woman
must be well groomed, must be handled
in a way which shows that she knows
her good points and nan made the best
of them. The attractive women of
to-day — the women who are wor-
shiped by men and women alike — *tre
those who. if they had lived a few
years ago, would have been considered
too old to enter into the active pleas-
ures of life. And they do not look old.
They have all the attractions of youth,
all the experience of age.
Dorothy Grey Talks to Women
About Modern Ideas of Beauty
and How They May Ba Re-
alized.
MORE THAN SKIN DEEP. '
Prosperity sends the balloon up, but ad-
.v*r«itx J>«41» it down, aj^n, - _ _ , _. _
8AN RAFAEL. CAI
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separata Rooms. GymmMum. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGIN'3 AUGUST MTH.
JttEY. _C^ JUXCHQQGS^. Prinrir-'
Hitchcock School,
CHESTER F. WRIfiHT,
6 Geary* Cor* Kearny.
First Flooe* Uoatairsu
The finest line and th* rraitsat Tarlets - of
"STRAIGHT FRONTS" made ntted to your
form without extra charge. ROYAL 'WORCES-
TERS from fl.OO to 93.00. BON TONS S3.3O
to f 1O.OO, SAPHIRE3 from 97.5O to f 2.VOO.
T. I. Fltzpatrick, Democratic candidate
for Justice of the Peace, is making a hard
and vigorous fight for the, office, and from
present indications it seems almost cer-
tain that he will be one of the five elected.
He has been fortunate in gathering about
him a host of friends, old and young, who,
irrespective of their party affiliations, are
assisting in every district of the city, and
his canvass Is thoroughly organized* and
well directed. Mr. Fltzpatrick>is a young
San Franciscan, highly educated, of un-
questioned legal ability, exemplary moral
character and possesses in an eminent de-
gree all those qualifications so necessary
to the . Impartial Judge. He has had a
wide and varied experience, in the practice
of the law, and has already attracted the
attention of the older members of the
bar, who predict for him a successful ca-
reer In his chosen profession. "We take
pleasure in recommending him for the of-
fice to which he aspires, having full and
implicit confidence in his ability to know
his whole duty and to perform it thor-
oughly and conscientiously in every cane
brought before him. . •
The Individual who uses his tongue for
a weapon is apt to use his feet for de-
fense.
AN EL.EOANT SELECTION.
OenliBts* prercrlptlons flUed. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing;. Phone. Main 10.
0PTICIANS^ wn ,M5i'"'" l>MB «i».
642 Market 5t. instruments
w*cia cmbomicle Bun.3iN&. CATALOGUE FrJE.
Opera
Glasses,
Lorgnettes,
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 600 Sacramento Sfc,
RPTTCUT?Q r0R BARBERS. xJAK-
DriUOXlljO •«. bootblacks batn-
houses, billiard tables.
Drtwers. bookbinders, candy-makers. cnanei\».
dyers, i^urrr.i'.te. foundries, laundries, paper-
bansers, printers, painters. sho« factories. :ta-
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, «t&
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong: and »tror.»
tnen and women stronger. Rooms S and *. 47
Post St.. San Francisco. Cal. • .
fc. •** jiff 1 1 **'^ ' f *^J*^^
HOUSE FTJUNISHTNGS.
So let every woman who takes an In-
terest In being beautiful be sure to
build her efforts on the right founda-
tion. Unless she does she can never
hope to succeed. DOROTHY GREY.
i I'-wi i it^r^lf /^^ " M fe=^ makes a dark skin
)%M JPE^J '^ IrTr t'/ Iighter ' dearer ' P ur *
mfTmij #fn mjt^i- ! ' f?^- er. - It is medicinal
' *** I preparation which
till ll w\ \&'&mm ' ' k * cures, it actually coaxes a
lu itis} Wff f*iM I^Sw f new skin to the surface -
m /Si WflLffiM!& lfl>r^r^5if the least important of its
NlIJrMfnJliMnnUinjJ IJIIiyS- •? accomplishments. It re-
moves Blotches, Pimples, Moth and Liver Patches, and restores the
clear, transparent beauty of youth. »
ANITA CREAM AND TOILET CO.. Los Angeles, C«l. EDGARTON. Kan.. J«n. 1. 1900.
Dear Slr»— Att«r ipendlna; six weeks at the be»ch I wii mSvlsed by • friend to use.wur "Anlu
Crum to r«moy« thetan. I cime E«t th« $«me day I boujrht It and so did not usa It until I rotched
home. All my friends who taw me the first week htra, said. "How black you ara." In tan days tba
ttm* peoplt rem«rk»d how white «n< lovely w»» my compltxlon. , .
I fetl that 1 cannot do without It. I tend you amount for two more boxaa... ' Do you hav« any
•tents ? I aava not had a ptnpla on my faea slnca using It. and bafora I was troubled all the time.
Yourt truly. WSS FANNIE COLLINS.
Foil particulars. Instructions and a free sampla will b« mailed to any address upon receipt of 2e
.p6ster>;. A?J T^ CMam '» ToifT Co.. 807 FrankUn St. Us Angeles. Qai.
Modern Furniture at Prices Not Obtainable Elsewhere!
out-of-town trade: solicited.
. sK r**" 11 "¦" ""¦"' '" - L """" ;' V ¦: ~«^ jffi"/ Regular Price $3.75. H/s ,Vl 1 1 I I
."JOT This splendidly proportioned davenport sofa is a product of our own gSSt 3ox Seat Dining Chairs, frames I] S 21 tjl
jjfiB f hops and is upholstered in kincr corduroy, Belfast velour or French R^Si of quartered solid oak, hand- |rf M
}¦*¦¦*« tapestry, and has our absolute truarantee as to construction, c n -i rrr\ lijT*rt> P*^® w can . e *?&'» ful i bap 1 * 1 * 1 " 1* VS
Worth «tnnn "". "~^""" S3 7. 50 ~= — back, hand rubbed and polished, \ 5 U
\\ unn •••••••.......•...,.. »f s '* *^ v a bargain, only SIS.OO d
BOOK-CASE SALE more dining chair bargains.
.-^^•j* -. «^ 2 t , , | | io Golden Oak Spring Seat $3.00 Solid Oak Dining Chairs,
: —' ,' * Vvf "^-TS^^^'-isi^Lj-'^uCf*^^ Dining Chairs $8.00 leather scat $1.00
iffifllffiafeW M^UJH U |f ilSte Pill*! liVii DYning" Cnai;^ lather* Chair, solid oak, leather seaL... 96.00
Iwi' X!It*»-NWH I'lTrTri-*" seatandback.. 9O.5O $12.00 Arm Chair to match..$lO.OO
111 \Wm WBK! Sis ! genuine wool-face
s ; bh inSQwMiffiS? S7vwrin/\ rugs.
ffl 'RiSipJSi 1 \\ /i\TtVi\ l lf(MW%ffi> iffiiS? ! • A factory's surplus stock.
V; I |j Ijl t 4//I" j ¦'• /]•!'/'' ill ~"!ni"il^P~ ' "if VS i Blze s 36 inch x 18 inch Rugs t^gi^^ff^.. tt^'&P'^W'^^fVFffll
I, I. f lb==yN^?yS§lElSi« S/8.5O. " lO.V'feet'long'x"^' feet "' eSp?5!#^fe^^?^#P^^ST
J'^.^TitrS^ ~^-^ Handsome Double-Door Book-Case. Smyrna Rugs 821.00 *^!£S^Z^M M iA*^.**.-^£Z Tm *-.~*. j ¦ ¦ Tl < . , - ,\-
Cjx^^^ made in quarter-sawed jrolden oak or
g-rx jr-y r ,-± r mahogany finish, polished, 5 feet hi?h, , -*i-^^' FINHl
vt)i^M<5Of 3 l e et 8 inches wide; special sale price ,^S>£§5^£-b^f^>f$£Sa5s* i 'I^^H?! » m • •"?< •
«o«,«. ™, CE ,/,.„. fisss Morns Chairs.
rhis handsome Carved Library- Cass. + _+ j Undoubtedly and without question the very
1 a le m nnely selected quarter-sawed Our New Fall Catalogue Now I i?S«?<^^^^^t^^^V^'vC^S5^"' f bf>st valu ® ever offered to our customers. The
p Iden oak cr rr.ahopanv finish, over , v» a \\r •- a t*. \ vg{^a^^^e*tWiS>V»5«iK%r? frame is of massive deslpn, new and original ;
.,.,. -,-..•„ _ d , ,- t --j- r ._,i,^ cr - Ready— Write for It. 3^^^«^^>!^&?r^^^& ( workmanship first class. Front and sides of
L ¦ -• '-*•" * e . e^ w ? de " re?rUl H.? r i. c^ i- __. \ rSfffSS^^SBSlBSB^a^r^ frame are rlchly carved; has large, comfort-
$-2"-£0; special sale pnee $22.50 ? \ r«^^^p^*i»^^S^^^j^SsS able arms, curved "back, patent detachablo
\ vS^aff^^^^^f^S^^^^SiS^Si^^l h ln S« attachment, closed eafety ratchet rod
S^/V*?^! 7"/O/V^ ¥ GZ A I J=T support. Chair is finished in polden oak.
•Z3t^.lM^M I SKJtM MLj ZDML.C. \ f^e^!t^^Bw^^^^^& PIANO POLISH. Loose reversible cushions.
BIT 3 H B E ppi Bl ¦ b 4& mm 0± ¦ ¦ nfe -— ¦ n ¦ ¦ ¦ \ Kwia*^^^^^^ 3^ = «5a^X35£; hair filled, and covered in the newest and
LriillSaiii I KMa ill InT A BAlf* \'W^S^S^^SjJ^^.^^^ choicest patterns of velour. plain or Hgured.
: ° nyiifyL l n u u uuillnlllu. WSbBBbBbS^ zzassts^ttzzttA"^!^
FROM WALZENHAUSEN, ST. GALL, \\^^^^^^^^t^B^^. th6 prlCft
SWITZERLAND, AND PARIS, FRANCE. \\^^^^^^^^^^1^S<\ $10.75.
Most Remarkable Purchase of Fine Lace Curtains Will Be Placed on Sale To-Morrow l^S^^^^^S^^^^^L^—
lllif/M GREAT CLEARING SALE OF ODD PAIRS .^^^^^^^^^^^^
';ff////jRC^ «d eaaUqnantitlesofLacs Curtains to be closed out at ialf cost. f !^|i^^^^^S^^^^^S 3M \ S3 WW^^^
ii'/i'i Fine . - w i?s Tambour Muslin curtains, for bedrooms, 50 " '^^ ' \ ' fflJS*
t's/ii'l c n -- eS Wid^' *' /2 yards lon S. ver - v serviceable, value I'M 4 ¥^ f I)
START1 !NR RARRfllN^ IM fiflRPCTQ Made In Our Own JW$
%/ 1 mi 1 tat 11U umiuniilv 111 Unsil L i wi Factory. //(til
fcjSSnm 50c B RRF-Rsp- T eSl 10 A £*" N ' s :re R ti best wool 7n ft vn,,n rhnv. «« NMl <£ i A Hr Worth $15. One
i.AliTfcl^ UUU BKUSSEI^S Vli IU CARPETS 01 IVfiBATW I UR TOUT ChOlCC OT Ktfflftfilj Tk. Ill I m^. c l i_ n j
*c2KeETs.$\AQ s carpe? s s 65C Covering-Bo Dif- J^W j) \ \J . / O of the Bargains
cAULTb.gi.io CARrETS.. UJU carpetsOOC PERYard4oC fcrent Patterns. at PattOSien S.
W§M PATTOSIEN'S fssitst
AP V JJUtTISTrW KM T3.
ATiVKKTISlIIVl K!S1T^br^ck in 1696, is also greatly admired. Sir
Henry Lawrence's portrait owned by Wil
liam I. Kip is also a center of attraction.
The admission to the exhibition is only
25 cents, and all "who are interested in art
should not fail to pay a visit to the insti
tute before it closes.
Music at Trinity Church.
; A special musical service will be held at
Trinity J Church : this evening. The pro
gramme . has ) been i selected > chiefly from
.works ' by. ¦ American composers and In
cludes several numbers never before given
service will be held Friday evening, which
will take the form ,of a social gathering.
LOAU EXHIBITION WILL
EEMAIN OPEN THIS WEEK
Paintings of the Sixteenth and Eev-
enteenth Centuries in Hopkins
Art Institute.
The loan exhibition of paintings of the
sixteenth and eighteenth centuries, in
cluding many of the old masters, has met
with such success at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art that It has been decided
to keep the exhibition open for another
week. Yesterday afternoon numerous art
critics paid the Institute a visit, fearing
that this would be the last opportunity
they mould have of-seeing the famous pic
turos. Among the exhibitions that invoke
great praise Is a portrait on wood of a
matron In the eighteenth century. In the
corner of the picture the armorial bear
ings of the subject are portralted. A
study of Dr. Gerhard von Largerken, sec
retary of the Court of Justice of Osca-
THROWS OPEN HER HOME
nr cause of chaeity
Musicale in Aid of Little Sisters' In
fant Shelter Was a Great Success.
A tea and muslcale for the benefit of th«
Toung Ladles' Auxiliary of the Little Els
ters' Infant Shelter was held yesterday
afternoon at the residence of Mrs. E. B.
Cutter, 2810 Washington street. The par
lors and halls were beautifully decorated
with choice flowers and hothouse plants.
Among the features of the programme
were the musical numbers of the Misses
Helen and Nonnle Dodd.
The fishpond was well looked after by
Miss Jessie Dorr and Miss O'Farrell. Tho
candy stand was under the supervision of
M!?s Erna Schmidt and Miss Christine
Judah. Punch and lemonade were served
by Miss Elsie Dorr and Miss Cutter. On
the upper floor the ice cream booth was
presided over by Miss Mary Billings, Miss
Kwirn? and Miss Mills.
In the evening a fine musical programme
was rendered by a selected orchestra, and
at the close of the music the young people
Indulged in an impromptu hop. The suc
oe^s of the affair may be attributed to the
following officers of the society: Miss
Mabel Wheaton. president; Miss Deahl
vice president; Miss Alice Gibbert. Miss
Rhoda O'Farrell, Miss Daisy Burns, Mrs
Ixonard Rowel], Miss Jessie Dorr, as-
Flsled by Mrs. Frank Ames, Mrs. Taylor
Mr*. Watson Fennlmore and Mrs. C/ E*
Moore, directors.
WILLIAMS PROVES TO
BE A FALSE FBIEND
Accused by Mrs. Knowltcn of Steal
ing Ser Gold Watch and
Bracelet.
Frank Williams, alias Contreras, ap
peared before Judge Fritx yesterday on a
charge of grand larceny. He is accused
of stealing a gold watch and bracelet
from Mrs. A. Knowlton, 25 Fulton street,
while on a visit to her.
Mrs. XCnowlton testified that she •went
to San Jofp to attend the funeral of her
mother, and on returning on the 6teamer
from Alviso she was introduced to Wil
liams by her niece, who had been intro
duced to him by a lady friend. Williams
¦was very kind .to them, and on arriving
here assisted them with their baggage
and bogged to be allowed to call. He
called on one or two occasions, and the
last time he saw her put her bracelet on
top of the piano and her watch on top of
her bureau drawer. He asked for a glass
of water twice, and each time she went
to the kitchen to get it.
When Williams left a few minutes aft
erward she missed her bracelet and gold
watch, and on looking out of the window
saw him running down the street. No
one else could have taken the articles.
The case was continued till Tuesday.
Neither of the articles has been recovered.
Williams was also charged in Judge Mo
fran's court yesterday with obtaining
groods by false pretenses. He is accused
of getting a $30 suit from a tailor on
O'Farroll street by representing that he
•was connected with a firm in the city,
which representation was found to be
false. The case was continued until to
morrow.
The Board of Education made an un
fllgr.ifled attempt yesterday to coerce Mrs.
Irene D. Reeves into an agreement where
by she is to withdraw a suit now pending
In the Superior Court whereby she la
seeking to be reinstated. As the price of
withdrawing the suit. Chairman Mark in
formed Mra. Reeves that she would b«
assigned to one of the five positions to be
filled at next "Wednesday's meeting.
The matter came up yesterday at a se
cret eefslon of the board. Mrs. Reeves is
now on the substitute list, to which ehe
was assigned last February. She had
been given a class in the Hawthorne Pri
mary School, though holding a hlgrh echool
certlflcate. This was done at her own re
quest, however, she having filed a request
with the last board on October 10, 1S99, In
order to be temporarily relieved from
more onerous duties. After being consoli
dated out of the Hawthorne School, the
board refused to recognize the high school
standing of Mrs. Reeves, and reduced her
in jrrade by placing her on the substitute
list. The board contended that by the
mere fact of having requested to be given
a primary class, even though it was but
for a temporary period only. Mrs. Reeves
had forfeited her high school standing,
ilrs. Reeves took issue with the board
and brought suit to be restored to her or
iginal standing in the department.
I»!rs. Reeves had learned through The
Call that five new positions would be filled
by the board next Wednesday, in accord
ance with the priority of service rule, and
that ehe was one of, the five on the eligible
Il5t.
Mrs. Reeves asked Chairman Mark
point blank at the session yesterday if
the board proposed to appoint her to one
of the places. Mark replied that so long
as Mrs. Reeves would persist in her suit
apainst the board she would not be recog
nized as a member In good standing of
the School Department.
"Unless you withdraw your suit," paid
Mark to Mrs. Reeves, "you will not be ap
pointed lo a position."
Mrs. Reeves pleaded that the simple
fact that she was seeking to be reinstated
as a hieh school teacher through the
court's aid should not interfere with her
earning a living. Mark, however, stated
that so long as she refused to accede to
the board's request she would not be re
garded as eligible for appointment or as
a member of the department. The incon
sistency of this remark is apparent when
it Is known that Mrs. Reeves is now in
receipt of a salary as a substitute teacher.
Mrs. Reeves declined to enter into any
such compact as suggested by the board,
which thereupon reiterated its determina
tion not to appoint her to a regular posi
tion.
* At the close of the conference Mrs.
Reeves, who was extremely agitated.
Ftated that her hli?h school record was
such that she could not think of waiving
her rights as a hiph school teacher.
"Directors Mark and Denman," said
Mrs. Reeves, "both agreed that if I with
drew my suit I would certainly receive an
appointment. I refused to entertain the
propoFition and the board would not yield
it* point. I taught in the Polytechnic
Hiph School for many years and 1 am
eure the pu.ills will ail testify to my
ability."
If the board persists In Its Intention to
refuse an appointment to Mrs. Reeves It
will be a g-ross violation of the chronolog
ical order which the board has pledged
itself to observe. No reports have been
Jiled agrainst her by principals, so the
board cannot take refug-e behind that
pica. All that Btands between Mra.
Keeves and en appointment Is the fact
that ehe is trying: to obtain her rights by
due process of law.
Unless She Agrees She Will Miss Ap
pointment, Though Chronolog
ical Order Shall Be
Violated.
Insists on Mrs. Reeves With
drawing Her Suit for
Reinstatement.
SCHOOL BOARD
ENDEAVORS TO
COERCE TUTOR
G. Elliott and F. G. B. Mills. II. J. Stew
art, organist and musical director. No
tickets of admission are required.
In this city. The choir will sing two
movements from Edgar S. Kelley's music
to ' "Ben Hut," and also Dr. Stewart' a
prize anthem, "I Beheld, and lo, a Great
Multitude." A short selection from H W
Parker's oratorio,. "Hora Novlsslma," will
be given, -and also a new solo composed
for Mrs. J. B. Birmingham by H. J. Stew.
£/*• £ hfi g° lo tstB are: Mlsa MRlie Plynn
Mrs.- Eva. Tenney, Mrs. J. E. Birmingham
Miss Xena Rtfbett*. H. IL. Forteictt»Tax
Francis Murphy's Address.
¦ At the \ oung Men's Christian Associa
tion Auditorium to-day at 2 p. m. Francis
Murphy -win apeak to young men on the
story-of his ltfe and tha power of Cia
eosvel to savo.
_ _ '¦ - ¦*¦'¦¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUKDAY,: OCTOBER 28, 1900.
made to the Galveston ; fund by the ¦ pub
lic schools:; Burnett, $57; Columbia, $31 50;
Golden Gate, ?1S»; "Hawthorne. $12; .Hum
boldt. $15 51; Laguna Honda, $2 50; Henry
Durant, jeSjDenman, $58 08. ; ; ¦¦¦.' • -y rj.
The contribution . from ; the ; Henry ; Du
rant was largely made. up. through a fair
given by Mrs. de Roob, who is well known
for: her benevolence «•" and deep Interest
taken in all charitable matters.
Calvary Presbyterian Church.
Members \ of •-¦ ;• Calvary Presbyterian
Church' will hold their last services in ; the
church , auditorium to-day. '., At the : even
ing service the pastor, of .the: church.IDr.
Heraphill, will 1 preach i on > '¦- the subject,
"How to Get the Greatest Blessing on the
Last s Sabbath'; In" the < Old : Church."* • On
Wednesday .-- evening A the - s last ¦- -. regular
prayer-meeting -will < b« held • and the • final
School Contributions for Sufferers.
The f. oiiowinf -con$ribuUon» to*v» been
28
ADVSBTISEHENTS.
i The Burnishing of the Griddles and ...the'Iiighting of the Fires, 1
1 We shall give through the principal grocers|in f every" section : a i&-lb. package "§£
1 of either our Self-Raising Buckwheat or our "Self-Raising Pancake 1
I With every purchase of H-O (Hornby's Steam-Cooked Oatmeal). p
H This is simply an inaugural sale — and the grocers have only a limited number of these free packages — so order now. The H-O Company's Pancake Flour b IS
¦|2 a carefully blended preparation of Rice, Corn and Wheat — a delicious and wholesome mixture for pancakes — ready for instant use. The H-O Company's Seli' f^
gl Raising Buckwheat is prepared from the pure, old-fashioned sort of Buckwheat — the finest that grows — combined with a pure raising ingredient. J*^
| . THE H°O 1q2tS} COJV^NY/ BUFFALO, N. V; jA broken mast in an upright' position
has been reported on three different occa
sions by masters of vessels. .. The .John
S. Xorth, from Honoipu, on September 25,
in latitude 36.31 north, longitude 123 west,
saw what the captain thought was the
topmast of a square-rigger or the mast of
a small vessel. The mast was held down
by the sails and its appearance Indicated
that It might be either.
A few days lafer one of the Padflo
Coast boats Flghted the mast, and now
along comes the ship Florence from Hon
olulu at Port Towniend and reports that
on October 13. In latitude 47.41 north. Ion-
It Is the Daisy Howe's MaBt
The torpedo-boat destroyer Perry was
launched from the Union Iron Works m
the presence of a small crowd yesterday.
The little boat was • christened by Miss
Maud O'Connor and the launching took
place promptly at 12:30 p. m. The: Perry
Is a similar boat to the Paul Jones and
Preble. Both of the latter, will be
launched from the Union Iron W orks
ways next month. ¦ '
i The Perry Is 245 feet long, 33 feet beam.
i 14 feet 3 Inches depth, of 420 tons dlsplace
' ment, SOW Indicated horsepower, and will
i carry two 3-inch ' rapld-nre guns, five 6
' pounders and two la-Inch torpedo tubes.
' She is of five tons more displacement than
I the torpedo-boat Farragut, but has one
! knot less speed.
i ;¦ — ~" — • ¦ ; ". —
Another Destroyer Added to Uncle
Sam's Fleet.
LATJNCH OF THE PERftY.
THE well-known coasting schooner
Five Brothers is , a total loss at
Double Point, near Drakes Bay.
Bhe left here on October 12 ' for
Bihlers Point and was driven
ashore twelve days later, after battling
with head winds and gales until the crew
was worn out. Soon after the Five
Brothers went ashore the fishing' steamer
Henrietta took hold of her and attempted
to get her off, but failed. The captain
and crew were saved, but nothing now
remains of the schooner but her bones.
The Five Brothers was owned "by the
firm of Johnson & Emlgh, and was a com
panion ship to the Seven Sisters. The
late Captain Johnson 'had a family of
twelve children— five boys and seven girls.
The girls were older than the boys, so the
Seven Sisters was built in 18S8, while the
Five Brothers was not launched until 1896.
Both vessels are well known o.n the
coast and both had been very succeesf ul
u^ to the time of the accident to the Two
Brothers.- When last heard from the
Seven Sisters was at Cape Nome.
Up to Friday night the captain and
crew, five all told, struggled with every
power they could command to get the ves
eel off. Last night they realized the hope
lessness of their efforts and abandoned
their craft to the waves and rocks. The
schooner etruck in a thick fog and was
thrown on the rocky beach. Towering
high above her was the 200-foot bluff. She
lay within thirty feet of Its foot. All night
long the captain and crew never left the
doomed vessel. Long, easy swells gently
i raised ? and -dropped her on the Jagged
i rocks, rending her hull. Daylight came
and the little crew w«nt to work to save
her. Hawsers and anchors were run out,
and when the tide served repeated efforts
were made to drag her off. The lines
broke when pitted against th« tootnliKO
rocks that held her. The fishing steam
er's lines broke and she could do nothing.
The lltttle crew did not give up. Like
ants under the shadow of the frowning
cliffs above them, they still worked. Every
thing was 1 thrown 'Overboard, and they
Etlll hauled and- tugged with windlass and
winch, by day '-and- by night '¦ While the
sea was still they had hopes, but yester
day the high running waves began' to
make fierce assaults upon their boat, ana
, they had to give up the battle and seek
safety In night. They climbed a trail that
led up the -cliff. It Is said there is not a
mast or timber of the schooner but what
has been ground to splinters.
Following Is a statement of tha estimated
flow of certain California rivers in oublo feet
per second, or second feBt, one second * foot
equaling 50 California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llpplncott, hydrographer- of the
United States Geological Survey:
Flow of Elvers.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, ¦ TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Bxchange, San Francisco, Cal..
October 27. WOO.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. a., at noon of tha 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. «*, Greenwich Um^ CALKJNg>
Lieutenant Commander, XT. S. N., in charge.
NOTE— In . tha above exposition of tha tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the. order of occurrence as to time of
day. tha third time column tha third tide and
tha last or right hand column gives tba last
tlda of the day, except" when there are but
three tides; as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the sounding on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes tha height, and
then tha number given Is subtracted from tha
depth given by the charts. Tha plane of refer
ence Is the mean of tha lower low waters.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JEX.L.T8 FERRT.
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKPALE.
TUOLUMNB RIVER AT LA ORANQB.
SAN JOAQTTm RTVBR AT HERNDON.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
firm of Swenson & Sons. The check was
made payable to Mr. Patrick.
The check was presented at the bank
for certification and, owing to an error in
the spelling of Patrick's name, held up by
the bank employes. Inquiry at the home
of Mr. Rice by telephone disclosed tha
fact that Mr. Rice had died the day be
fore the check was presented.
Professor Wltthaus reported to Coroner
Hart to-day that In his chemical analysis
of the stomach of William Marsh Rica ha
found mercury and arsenic
In his report he gives the result of the
analysis of certain organs of Mr. Rice
which he received from the Coroner and
of embalming fluid received from the un
dertaker who embalmed the body of Mr.
Rice. The fluid. Professor Wltthaus says,
contained beside formal de hyde the fol
lowing mineral Ingredients: Potassium,
sodium, zinc and aluminum, sulphuric
acid, arsenious acid and chloride. The
embalming liquid contains no mercury.
The report continues: "The analysis of
the stomach and of the intestines for
vegetable poisons hare given negative re
sults. The analysis of the stomach or tha
Intestines and of the kidneys for volatile
poison failed to show the presence of any
foreign substance, other than formal da
hyde a constituent of the embalming
liquid mentioned before. The analysts for
mineral poisons referred to below has
not yet been carried to the point whera
zinc would appear. That metal may or
may not be present. The stomach was
found to contain arsenio In notable quan
tities and an unwettrhable minute quan
tity of mercury. The presence of tha
arsenic In this and the parts mentioned
below would be accounted for If the em
balming liquid, a sample of which I ana
lyzed, had been used In preserving thl3
body. The intestines were found to con
tain both arsenic and mercury. The quan
tity of mercury present In the sample ex
amined was found to be .0OS6 grams In ISA
grams of tissue, equivalent to seventeen,
one-thousandths grains per ounce of 480
grains.
"The kldn«y contained arsenic and mer
cury also. The quantity of arsenic has
not yet been determined. The quantity
of mercury present In the sample exam
ined was found to be .00S1 gram it in 167
grams of tissue, equivalent to .023 grains
per ounce.
"I would infer from the very small
quantity of mercury found In the stomach
and the relatively large amount found in
the intestines and In the kidneys that
metal In some ' form of soluble combina
tion had been introduced in the body dur
ing the life of the deceased, probably sev
eral hours, possibly days, previous to bia
death."
Coroner Hart said he would report Im
mediately to the District Attorney's of
fice, and that a time would be set for a
conference at which Professor Witthaua
would be present. He said that on the re
port of this conference a date would tea
set for an inquest.
ly, for the late William M. Rice, holding
them to await the action of the. Grand
Jury. Ball was fixed at JIO.OCO each. The
two prisoners are charged with having
forged the signature of- Mr. Rice, who
died In bis apartments on Madison ave
nue under strange circumstances, to a
check for $25,000 drawn on the banking
NBW TORE, Oct 77.— Magistrate Braan
nnounced his decision to-day In the case
of Albert T. Patrick and Charles F. Jones),
counsel and private secretary, respectlve-
Are Charged With Having
Forged Signature of Wil
liam M. Rice.
PATRICK AND
JONES HELD TO
GRAND JURY
Clennan to Lecture.
A. M. Clennan will deliver a lecture In
the Temple, 11T Turk street, to-night at 8
o'clock. Subject, "Birds of a Feather."
The will of William Cunningham, who
died April 17 last, leaving an estate valued
at $10,000, was filed for probate yesterday
Decedent bequeaths his entire estate to
his Bister, Mrs. Mattle S. Steele, who Is
named as executrix.
Cunningham's Will Filed.
To-morrow (Monday) there will be on
sale 2000 pairs men's vld kid. calf, patent
leather and box calf, leather lined and
waterproof shoes at SI 90, regular price
$5; also 600 pairs ladles' golf shoe* kid
and box calf, extension sole, at Jl 90, reg
ular price W 45. -These shoes were con
signed to a San Francisco house) -which
has" since retired from business. These
shoes are in all sizes, styles and widths
Children's storm rubbers at 10 cents
Standard,: 1029 -Market street, between
Sixth and Seventh. •
A Snap for Close Buyers.
The California Water anfl Forest Asso
ciation is organizing a crusade to get a
membership of 25.000. Slnco July the
membership has been Increased from less
than 100 to over 3500. Organizers are about
to gt> on the road in a grand tour of the
counties, their itinerary taking them from
San Francisco as far north as Reddlns
County and to the southern end of tho
State and through the towns and cities
of the great San Joaquin Valley. The
party will consist of William B. Smythe.
W. H. Porterfleld and Harry W. Gllmour,
all of whom have taken an active part in
the work of securing members up to date.
Mr. Gllmour will go ahead and make the
arrangements for the meetings to be
held and to him Is assigned the duty of
making ail the public addresses. Mr.
Porterfleld will solicit memberships and
do other propaganda, work that may be
found necessary. The start will be made
November a. The purpose Is to go over
the territory and to return to San Fran
cisco before the annual convention of tho
Water and Forest Association, which will
take place about the middle of December.
Modesto will be the first place visited.
Then the propagandists will go up to Red
ding, making stops on the way, and will
also go as far east as Nevada City. Then
they will travel down the coast to South
ern California and come up the San Joa
quin Valley, holding meetings at many
places and doing the best missionary work
they can. The purpose Is to educate the
people concerning: the advantages of the
work proposed. Within a few days the
reports of the geological and hydrograph
lc surveying parties will be ready to make
public These will be accompanied by
maps, which will make good educational
matter. Nearly every stream In the State
in the arid or semi-arid regions has been
surveyed and mapped and the reservoir
sites have» N been set down. The reports
will . be very valuable and interesting.
The Univefelty of California and Stan
ford University co-operated in the work
that has been done -the past summer in
the field.
Seeking Thousands of Mem
bers for Water and For
est Association.
ORGANIZING FOR
THOROUGH WORK
ALL OVER STATE
Sun,' Moon and Tide.
United (States'¦' Coast ¦ and Geodetic Survey-
Times . and - Heights of . High ¦ and -¦ Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance - to Ban
Francisco. Bay. - Published 'by official au
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty -
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVES.
SCATTERY ROADS-Arrlved Oct 2ft-Br ship
St Mlrren, ¦ from Oresron.
LIVKRPOOL— Sailed Oot ¦ «S— Br ship Lyn
ton, for Victoria. " .
FALMOUTH— Arrived . Oct l«— Br bark Holy
wood, from Seattle, and ordered to Blrkenbead;
Br bark Forthbank, from Oregron.
QUEIENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 28— Br ship
Sierra Pedrosa. hence June 1.
Balled Oct 26— Br ship Clan Buchanan, for
Gloucester.
WEI HAI WEI— Sailed Oct 24— Okr ship Ber
tha, for Oreson. • .
VICTORIA. B O— Arrived Oct SS— Oer bark
Pallas, from Santa Rosalia; Ger bark Atalanta,
from Santa Roealta; Br bark Naiad, from
HIoko; Br stmr Bucking-ham, from Vancouver.
Balled Oct 26— Br ship Ivy, for China; G«r
ship Nlxe, for Queenatown. ¦
MANILA-Arrived Oct BS-U B stmr Thomas.
Balled Oct 2B— Br stmr Klntuck. for SeattW
I POIOT " ARTHUR—Arrtved prior : to Oct 26 —
Nor stmr Eldsvold. henoe Sex>t». •
- N AN AIMO— Arrived Oct 26— Nor, stmr Ttta-
Oct 87-Bhlp Wm H Macy.
'"s^INAS^CRtJ^-Arrtved Oot 2e-Schr Jo
seph Russ. from Olympla. . : .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SYDNEY— Sailed Oct 27-Stmr Marlposs, for
Oct 27— Stmr Southwark.
fO CHEKBOURG-Salled Oct 27-Stmr St'paui;
from Southampton, for New York.
NEW YORK-Salled Oct 27-Stmr Patrtola,
for Hamburg:, via Plymouth and Cherbours;:
stmr Minneapolis, for London; stmr Umbrla,
fo?Llverpool; Btmr Btatendam. for Rotterdam,
via Boulogne; stmr Werra. for Naples.
ADBN — Arrived Oct 23 — Danish stmr Polar
stjernen, from New York, for Mf"tl*
BIRKBNHEADr-Arrived Oct 26— Br bars:
Chlltonford,' hence June U.
FOREIGN PORTS.
five minutes later than at Fort Point: the
helsrht of tide Is the same at both places.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Humboldt,
from Dyea; Br ship Dunreggan. from Hono
lulu. , .V
Sailed Oct 2G— Stmr San Pedro, for San Fran
cisco. • ¦ ¦ ¦.',..-,.-¦..-¦
Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Valencia; from Nome.
8T MICHAEL— Sailed Oct 1— Ship . Charmer,
for Unalaska. : - • -:t.»4
TACOMA— Arrived Oct «7-echr Columbia,
from Port .Townsend.
. ; J, *; . ¦ BASTEBN . PORT. .
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct 26— Ship .V St
Trances, ' from : Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND— In port Oct tfr-Bark Boa
Klnr, from Vancouver, for Sydney,
DUTCH HARBOR— Sailed Sept 1>-Bark S D
Carlcton, for Port Townsend.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct Z7— Schr Sadie,
from Umpaua.
Arrived Oot 87— 6chr Philippine, from Grays
Harbor. •¦ - .'¦-., • . , \ 7
SAN DIDGO— Arrived Oot 17— Nor stmr Ber
cenhus, from Yokohama.*
Bailed Oct 27— Stmr Homer, for j schr
Emma. Utter, for Coos Bey; schr C 8 Holmes,
for Seattle. . • . ¦ . ' - . . T^,
ASTORIA— ArrtTed Oct ' H— Stmr Columbia,
hence Oct 15.
SOUTH BEND— Balled Oot 17— Schr Daunt
less, for San Pedro. •- - . -' ¦* 'r . , , .
COOS BAT— Sailed Oct M^-Stmni Arcata and
Empire, for San Francisco.
NOME— To sail Oct &>-Stmr 8t Paul, for San
Francisco.
UN ALASKA— To sail Oct 10— Stmr Portland,
for Nome. -,.-..— ¦'>' "-•--;¦-"-
EUREKA— Arrired Oct 17— Stmr Iaqua, hno
Oct 26; etmr Samoa, hence Oct 25. ¦ ~~?-'
Sailed Oct 27— Stmr L&kme, for San Fran
clsoo; schr Mabel Gray, for Ban Diego; Btmr
Pomona, for Kan Francisco; Br bark Wooll-'
ahra, for Sydney.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 27, 10 p m— Weathei
cloudy t wind SW, velocity t mlle%
Umatllla reef lightship has gone adrift. Will
be replaced as soon as possible.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Sept to, lat 6 N. Ion 25 W— Br ship Fen*-wern,
from Liverpool, for Victoria. ;
Sept £9, lat 14 N, Ion 27 W— Br ship Matter
horn, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
Schr C H Merchant, Carlson, Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN.
Saturday. October 17.
Etmr Matteawan, Croscup, Tacoma,
Stmr Brunswick, Andreaen, San Pedro.
Stmr South Coast, Olaen, Albion.
Strnr Bcotla, Walvls;, w •
Br bark Jnveramsey, Cromble, Queeostown,
Schr Bella, Smith, Sluslaw River.
Ecbr Newark, Deck, Bowens T^n/^ny
Schr Bender Bros, wetxel. w
Schr J B Leeds. Olsen. — — %
BAILED.
Saturday, October Zl.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria, eto:
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San ' XMecro; Qoodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ger Btmr Verona, Hansen, Talngtou; W R
Grace & Co.
Schr Una. Barklns, Cllpperton Island and
Panama; The* Uarklns. . -
¦ . Saturday, October 87,
Stmr State of California, Thomas, I 68 hours
frona Portland^ via Astoria 4014 hours.
-Stmr North Fork, Macl^ellan, 25 iiours from
Bureka.
Btmr Xavarro, Jensen, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
¦ Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 43 hours from San
Dieco.
•; 8tmr Brunswick. Andresen. 2S hours from
Eureka; bound -south; put In to land passen
grere.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, U hours from
Fort Brarr.
Etmr Kureka, Jessen, SS hours from Eureka.
Schr Mary Har.hs. Bain. 1414 . days from Un
alaska.
Schr Eva, "Wlrschulrtt, 2 days from Eureka.
CLEARED. S
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRTVBD.
A telegram Just reoelvod from the United
States lighthouse Inspector at Portland, Or.,
states that_the_UmatllU_ Re©f_ llyhuhlp has
gone adrift It will be replaced aa.eooa an
practicable. .,-.-• ,
Captain Ryder of the ship Florence reports
having- sighted a mast with yards and- sails
attached October IS, 1900, In latitude north 47
degrees 41 minutes, longitude west 129 degrees
37 minutes. a GK 0ALKIN3.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In Charge.'.
Notice to Mariners.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. " -. ; *5j^«|
Tha Dunreggan loads wheat at Tacoma»for
Europe, 40s, prior to arrival; tho Halcyon.
lumber from Fort Bragg to Mexico; the Par
chlxn. lumbar on Puget Bound tor Cork,"; 78a,
prior to arrival; the Pa! grave, wheat at Ta
ooma for Europe, 8Si W. prior to arrival jths
Quickstep, lumber on Puget Sound to KahuluL
NEWS OP THE 00BAN.
W. R. Wing, the well-known owner of,
whaling vessels, arrived from New Bed
ford, Mass., yesterday. His fleet of ves
sels Is dally expected and Mr. "Wing will
see to their outfitting. "Six weeks ago,"
said Mr. Wing yesterday, "Mr. Bryan
could have carried Massachusetts. To»
day the people know him and '.he is called
a 'Bervlce politician.' There is nothing to
him and. he will be defeated sure." _
The steamer Verona, that came out hen
from Moji, Japan, to load horses for the
German Government, sailed for .Japan, li
ballast yesterday. The sudden cessatloi
of the war in China made the demand fo;
horse3 cease and the transport was no
required. - ¦ -
The brig: John D. Sprockets has beei
laid up In Oakland Creek. After tht
winter she will resume. her runs to Guam
Captain John Leale of the Bay City an c
a party of friends .will leave on the Aus
tralia next Thursday for a trip to Tahiti
Chief Engineer C. Horgan has succeeded
A. D. Little on the mall steamer Alameda
Second Assistant J. Flynn has been pro
moted and C. Tlerney, late of the Stats o:
California, goes as second lieutenant o:
the Alameda.
Water Front Notes.
The Hydrogrraphlo Office here receive*
word from Astoria yesterday that ,tn<
Umatllla Reef lightship had gone adrift
It will be replaced as soon as possible, bu
mariners bound to Columbia River wli
have to keep a bright look-out for th<
reef.
A Lightship Adrift
gltudo 129.87 west, the mast was sighted
again. .
This mast is undoubtedly that of the
schooner Daisy Rowe. That vessel left
here on September 22 for Grays Harbor
and was off Point Sur on October 1 with
foremast gone. She got back here on
October 8 and the captain reported that
he was driven back in a hurricane, and on
September 24, In latitude 86.41 north, lon
gitude 123.18 -west, the mainmast went by
the board. The next day the John O.
North came along and reported the mast
Then the coast steamer saw it. and now
the Florence eends the news from Port
Townsend. The chancea are that that
broken mast will be heard from rox
months to come.
FIVE BROTHERS A TOTAL
LOSS NEAR DRAKES BAY
After a Long Battle in a Storm the Vessel
Is Driven Ashore.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.
SUNDAY. OCTOBER M.
Ban' rls«s ........^.».~.. .......6:J1
Bun sets ..._....;........ ..„•.;.:;. ......;...«,':. 5:18
Moon «ot» .. ......... ....u...;. ...... ...9:05 p. m.
TO SAIL.
29
COASTING SCHOONER FTVE BROTHERS GOING TO DESTRUCTION
NEAR DRAKES BAY. THE VESSEL WAS CAUGHT IN A WILD
NORTHWESTER AND DRIVEN ASHORE.
Bteamer.
>m.
iu».
Newburg
Wellington ....
Bonlta
Pomona
Mlneola ••
Walla Walla...
W. H. KniKer. .
Coqullle River..
Robt. Adamson
Cleono x
Empire ••••
Arcata .........
Progroso
Chas. D. LAne.
Santa Barbara.!
Czarina '.
Alllanca
Curacao
Santa Rosa
Willamette' .•••
TellUB
laqua ..........
Crescent City...
Eureka •••
Columbia ......
Tltanla
Point Arena...
Coo* Bay
Acapulco* ....••
Zealandla .....
Rainier
Corona
Hongk'ng Maru
Ban Pedro Oct. 23
Oyster Harbor Oat. 23
Newport Oct. 28
Eureka Oct. 28
Tacoma «. Oct. 29
Victoria... ~ Oct: 29
Grays Harbor Oct. 29
Grays "Harbor Oot. 29
Nanalmo ~ Oct. 29
Tillamook. Oct. 20
Coos Bay . Oct. 29
Coos Bay ~ Oct. 29
Tacoma Oct. 29
Seattle Oot. 29
San Pedro...—.-.- Oct. 29
Seattle... -... Oct. 30
Portland ...... Oct. 30
Mexico .. Oct. 80
San Diego Oct. 30
Seattle „ Oct. 30
Oyster Harbor............ Oct. 80
Eureka .........: Oct. 31
Crescent City. Oct. 31
Humboldt Oct. 31
I'artla/id.. ................ Nov. . 1
Nanalmo Nov. 1
Point Arena.............. Nov. 1
Newport............ Nov. 1
New York..— Nov. 1
Honolulu.................. Nov. 2
San Pedro.... Nov.- 2
San Dlejo.. ...... ........ Nov. 8
China and Japan Nov. 8
Bteam«r.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Eureka ....
Corona ....
City Puebla
Colon
Pt. Arena..
Pomona ....
Newburtf ..
O W Elder.
Bonlta .....
Newburs ,..
Alamcda ¦ ..
W. Krujcer.
North Fork
Arcata ....
Emplr«< .'.'..
Santa Rosa|!
Australia .1
Alliance ...V
Walla W..I"
Rainier ...
Czarina ...
Eureka .:..
Gaelic .....
Bargenhus .
Coos Bay..
Humboldt.....
San Diego.....
Vlotoria.......
New York.';.::
Point Arena..
Humboldt
Grays Harbor
Portland.... .,j
Newport.......
Grays Harbor
Australia — ..
Orayri* Harbor
Humboldt."....
Coos Bay......
Coos Bay......
San Diego.....
I Tahiti .....
Portland.....:
Victoria.......
Seattle.........
Seattle. ........
Humboldt.....
Chlna& Japan
Chlna& Japan
Newport.......
Oct. 28, » am
Oct. 28. 11 am
Oct. 28, 11 am
Oct. 2&, 12 m
Oct. 29. 2 pm
Oct. 80, 2 pm
Oct. 30, ' 5 pm
Oct. 30, 11 am
Oct. 30, . 9 am
Oct. 30. 12 m
Oct. 81, 9 pm
Oct. 31, B pm
Oct. 31, 9 am
Oct. 81, 12 m
Oct. 81, i pm
Nov." 1, 11 am
Nov. : 1. 6 pm
Nov. , l/. .....".
Nov. '2, 11 am
Nov. 2, ......
Nov. 2, 10 am
I Nov.' 2. ' 9 am
Nov. 3, - 1 pm
Nov. 8, 10 am 1
Nov.' 8, 9 am!
Pier IS
Pier. 11
Pier 9
PMS3
Pier 2
Pter ! i
Pier 18
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 18
Pier, 7
Pier J
Pier 1 2
Pier 10
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier - 7
Pier 20
Pier 9
Pier 8
Pier 2
PMS3 •
Pl«r 27
PlerU
s
iTlmel
Time
Ft.
7:60 J.I
8:E9 8.2
10:20 8.2
11:36 2.7
12:42 2.1
H W .
7:80 B.4
8:10 5.7
Time ' Tim*
Ft. Ft.
H W I» W
1:31 5.1 8:50 0.1
2:30 "4.9 9:43 0.3
. 3:45 4.7 10:45 0.5
6:12 4.6 11:42 0.S
6:S« 4.6
L W H W
1:40 1.4 7:50 4.8
2:28 0.7 .9:00 4.8
H W
r-
28 ...
» ...
SO ...
81 ...
1,..
8:33
t 4:27
.6:16
8:03
, 6:47
|L'W
0:40
. 1:38
4.4
4.6
. 4.7
4.9
5.2
a ...I
8 ...
.1.1
1.4
Second Feet.
1899.
1S0O.
October 14....I-— .-.—--.—....
October li.. .•.._....-.•.-...—»—
October 18 _..._......
October 17.. ....................
October 13 — -..
October 19...............— »..-—.
October 20...
4,170
4.170
4,170
3,980
4.170
4.170
10,550
4.170
4.170
4.170
4,170
4,300
16,100
13.700
Second Feet.
DATE.
1S99.
1900.
October 14 - — ..
October 15. .....~..._—
October 18.. ........... ....—...«•
October 17 _.„..
October 13
October 19......--.....*............
October 20
870
370
2C5
130
90
8Q
175
220
220
263
220
123
1786
Second Fact.
DATE.
1S99.
1900.
Mn'gCO.
Canal.
Total
• 1900.
Ootober 14....
Ootob«r 15....
October 16....
Ootober IT....
October 18....
October 19....
October 10....
614
431
434
274
434
6U
691
S90
850
930
950
950
650
6C80
13
1)
12
13
13
13
13
Hi
96J
963 .
862
963
W3
not
Second Feet.'
DATS.
IMS. 1900.
'100; '; 460
100 460
170 *80
170 460
170 380
220 460
230 460
1M9.
October' lt'-..»..-«i..»;-.
October 16 _......_..„_..
October 16.. ................
October 17.. .....~.. ........
October 18....... _ ......
October 19.. •_••-•—
October 20..'. .\ ...^.. ........
100
100
170
170
170
220
220
DATE.
Second Feet.
1899. I 1900.
October 14.:.................
October. 15.......
October 16....
October 17.........................
October IS.....
October 19
October 20....
303
829
£20
360
400
420
420
285
2SS
2S5
285
235
28a
285
Second Feet.
DATE.
1S99.
1900.
October 14 - — ..
October 15. .....~..._—
October 18.. ........... ....—...«•
October 17 _.„..
October 13
October 19......--.....*............
October 20
870
370
2C5
130
90
8Q
175
220
220
263
220
123
1786
Second Fact.
DATE.
1S99.
1900.
Mn'gCO.
Canal.
Total
• 1900.
Ootober 14....
Ootob«r 15....
October 16....
Ootober IT....
October 18....
October 19....
October 10....
614
431
434
274
434
6U
691
S90
850
930
950
950
650
6C80
13
1)
12
13
13
13
13
Hi
96J
963 .
862
963
W3
not
Second Feet.'
DATS.
IMS. 1900.
'100; '; 460
100 460
170 *80
170 460
170 380
220 460
230 460
1M9.
October' lt'-..»..-«i..»;-.
October 16 _......_..„_..
October 16.. ................
October 17.. .....~.. ........
October 18....... _ ......
October 19.. •_••-•—
October 20..'. .\ ...^.. ........
100
100
170
170
170
220
220
DATE.
Second Feet.
1899. I 1900.
October 14.:.................
October. 15.......
October 16....
October 17.........................
October IS.....
October 19
October 20....
303
829
£20
360
400
420
420
285
2SS
2S5
285
235
28a
285
Bteam«r.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Eureka ....
Corona ....
City Puebla
Colon
Pt. Arena..
Pomona ....
Newburtf ..
O W Elder.
Bonlta .....
Newburs ,..
Alamcda ¦ ..
W. Krujcer.
North Fork
Arcata ....
Emplr«< .'.'..
Santa Rosa|!
Australia .1
Alliance ...V
Walla W..I"
Rainier ...
Czarina ...
Eureka .:..
Gaelic .....
Bargenhus .
Coos Bay..
Humboldt.....
San Diego.....
Vlotoria.......
New York.';.::
Point Arena..
Humboldt
Grays Harbor
Portland.... .,j
Newport.......
Grays Harbor
Australia — ..
Orayri* Harbor
Humboldt."....
Coos Bay......
Coos Bay......
San Diego.....
I Tahiti .....
Portland.....:
Victoria.......
Seattle.........
Seattle. ........
Humboldt.....
Chlna& Japan
Chlna& Japan
Newport.......
Oct. 28, » am
Oct. 28. 11 am
Oct. 28, 11 am
Oct. 2&, 12 m
Oct. 29. 2 pm
Oct. 80, 2 pm
Oct. 30, ' 5 pm
Oct. 30, 11 am
Oct. 30, . 9 am
Oct. 30. 12 m
Oct. 81, 9 pm
Oct. 31, B pm
Oct. 31, 9 am
Oct. 81, 12 m
Oct. 81, i pm
Nov." 1, 11 am
Nov. : 1. 6 pm
Nov. , l/. .....".
Nov. '2, 11 am
Nov. 2, ......
Nov. 2, 10 am
I Nov.' 2. ' 9 am
Nov. 3, - 1 pm
Nov. 8, 10 am 1
Nov.' 8, 9 am!
Pier IS
Pier. 11
Pier 9
PMS3
Pier 2
Pter ! i
Pier 18
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 18
Pier, 7
Pier J
Pier 1 2
Pier 10
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier - 7
Pier 20
Pier 9
Pier 8
Pier 2
PMS3 •
Pl«r 27
PlerU
Bteamer.
>m.
iu».
Newburg
Wellington ....
Bonlta
Pomona
Mlneola ••
Walla Walla...
W. H. KniKer. .
Coqullle River..
Robt. Adamson
Cleono x
Empire ••••
Arcata .........
Progroso
Chas. D. LAne.
Santa Barbara.!
Czarina '.
Alllanca
Curacao
Santa Rosa
Willamette' .•••
TellUB
laqua ..........
Crescent City...
Eureka •••
Columbia ......
Tltanla
Point Arena...
Coo* Bay
Acapulco* ....••
Zealandla .....
Rainier
Corona
Hongk'ng Maru
Ban Pedro Oct. 23
Oyster Harbor Oat. 23
Newport Oct. 28
Eureka Oct. 28
Tacoma «. Oct. 29
Victoria... ~ Oct: 29
Grays Harbor Oct. 29
Grays "Harbor Oot. 29
Nanalmo ~ Oct. 29
Tillamook. Oct. 20
Coos Bay . Oct. 29
Coos Bay ~ Oct. 29
Tacoma Oct. 29
Seattle Oot. 29
San Pedro...—.-.- Oct. 29
Seattle... -... Oct. 30
Portland ...... Oct. 30
Mexico .. Oct. 80
San Diego Oct. 30
Seattle „ Oct. 30
Oyster Harbor............ Oct. 80
Eureka .........: Oct. 31
Crescent City. Oct. 31
Humboldt Oct. 31
I'artla/id.. ................ Nov. . 1
Nanalmo Nov. 1
Point Arena.............. Nov. 1
Newport............ Nov. 1
New York..— Nov. 1
Honolulu.................. Nov. 2
San Pedro.... Nov.- 2
San Dlejo.. ...... ........ Nov. 8
China and Japan Nov. 8
s
iTlmel
Time
Ft.
7:60 J.I
8:E9 8.2
10:20 8.2
11:36 2.7
12:42 2.1
H W .
7:80 B.4
8:10 5.7
Time ' Tim*
Ft. Ft.
H W I» W
1:31 5.1 8:50 0.1
2:30 "4.9 9:43 0.3
. 3:45 4.7 10:45 0.5
6:12 4.6 11:42 0.S
6:S« 4.6
L W H W
1:40 1.4 7:50 4.8
2:28 0.7 .9:00 4.8
H W
r-
28 ...
» ...
SO ...
81 ...
1,..
8:33
t 4:27
.6:16
8:03
, 6:47
|L'W
0:40
. 1:38
4.4
4.6
. 4.7
4.9
5.2
a ...I
8 ...
.1.1
1.4
Second Feet.
1899.
1S0O.
October 14....I-— .-.—--.—....
October li.. .•.._....-.•.-...—»—
October 18 _..._......
October 17.. ....................
October 13 — -..
October 19...............— »..-—.
October 20...
4,170
4.170
4,170
3,980
4.170
4.170
10,550
4.170
4.170
4.170
4,170
4,300
16,100
13.700
DK PIERCE'S ELECTRIC BELT
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. W. A Rice, 418 W. Main st., Adams,
N. Y.. win send free to any one who Is rup-
tured or knows of any persons ruptured,
whether a man, woman or child, a free trial
of his famous home cure. It is a marvelous
ity, Sends a Trial of His Famous
' Method Free to AIL
Dr. W. S. Rios, the Veil Known Author-
Free to the
Ruptured
AUCTION SALES
J» « AUCTION 5a, ¦
At the Palo Alto Stables, 820 O'Farrell st..
Tuesday. October Z0. 11 a. m., 40 head of the
finest draft and drivins horses ever offered;
Just from the country; all broken and penile. ,
Weefly Gall $1.00 jrYfiar
The British Museum authors* catalogue
la now completed, after twenty years', la-
bor, and has cost J20O.0CO. It consist* of
400 volumes and seventy ' supplements.
The German Republican mass-meeting
had an audlenc«wof sixty. Come to tha
German DemocnRic meeting Wednesday.
October 81, at Metropolitan Hall and see
how many German Democrats will b«
there. •
-¦ Vote for Thos.": P.* Graham for 'Judge of
the Superior Court." ; •-•
method, curing eases that defied hospitals, doc-
tors, trasses, electricity and all els*. Merely
•end your name and address and the free trial
will be »ent without any cost to you whatever.
R, W. Yourex, a well-known commercial trav-
eler, was ruptured ten years, tried tverr truss
on the market, partly made up bis mind to
undergo the dancer of an operation, when by
the greatest of rood luck ho tried the Dr. Rice
method. He la now cured.
Mr. Yourex Bays: "I tried Dr. Rice's meth-
od and ' it cured me. I did not Ios« a day on
tha road. Hundreds of merchants and friends
In Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota and Iowa
know the wonderful fact that this remarkable
method cured me and I certainly feel thankful
enough to tell other ruptured people how they
may profit by my experience." Mr. Yourex
travels for Goodhart, Hartman &' Co., and bla
address Is 116-118 Franklin St., Chlcaca
Every ruptured person ought to eend at once
and make a • trial of this method that cures
without pain, dancer, operation or an hour's
loes of time. Begin notr, - and by spring* you
will never know you bad bean matured. Write
to-day sure."-' ;-"•. . ¦,. j ¦ .-
MR. R. W. YOUREOC
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
I] A sale of men's suits
N and overcoats you can't ;
| afford to miss. Several \
| lines at various values —
all one price, nine- :
ninety each. j
I The suits arc double
or single-breasted sacks,
or three-button cuta-
ways.
Blue Serges
Oxford greys
Black clay worsteds '
English cheviots "
Tweeds
Some have been sell- |
ing for $12.50, others \
I for $15.00. During
the sale any suit for
* !
$9.9O
The overcoats are in
the very newest shapes,
I with or without velvet ;
collars. Fabrics shown
are
Blue beavers j
Bedford cords
Oxford greys
Black beavers
Tan coverts
Not a coat in the lot
was marked less than
£12.50 and some went
j as^high as $17^50.
During sale any coat !
4)9.90
I The Red Front
B A. J. PRAGER & SONS I
857-859 MARKET ST. B
Tbl» U the Belt J*^! Vf^ c ~' that ctirea
WITHOUT V*^Jfc^r^ DRUGS!
Powerful elec- '/_ H \^* trio current!
All modern Iin- / I' provement*!
Weakness and Nervous Diseases of both
•exes speedily cured when other remedies
fail to do the work. Latne back "knocked
out" ln 3 days. Prices reasonable. BUT
NO BELT TILL YOU SEE "DR.
PIERCE'S." Call, or nend a 2-cent vtarap
for '•BOOKLET NO. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC COMPANY, Eleven forty-five
imOAX>WAY (near 26th et.).NEW YORK.
Pacific Coast headquarters. Six twenty
Market et.. BAN FRANCISCO.
N. B.— Our "Booklet Na 1" telli all
about Dr. Pterce-'s Electrio TRUS& It
CURES Rupture!
lift, '_ it f*-!fS» f llTHETmE AND You c/if; Ojr 7^ rf \
i ' Af^HH^m "' "E*LTH IS WEALTH. DON'T OVERLOOK THIS. IN OUR HOSIERY DEP'T. Ml
H -^(m&WZ X^^m^ LADIES' FLANNELETTE CHILDREN'S COMBINATION 6 PAIRS FOR 88c. g£i
'¦l ftmmlWti ~ h <\ S mW GOWNS, made of best flannelette, SUITS, made of the finest imported ...... „, _, H
sw f//'fi TmW- 4&^®$W&$& striped and checked effects, rolling yarn, fleece lined, high neck, long And They Are Wonders. »£ ¦
ftjt HI' lu «Sl£? wkj&'ia w"*!j^ collars, yoke effect, some plain, some sleeves, ankle length, Swiss-ribbed, CHTLDREN*8 EVEP^-LASTTN'O *
S y$jf S^r trimmed^ » with '- Torchon lace, well colors gray and ecru. Buy for your PAST BLACK HOSE double heel* 8s
•*a • made button-holes, good, clear pearl little ones now, whlla tha price w knees and toes Swiss-ribbed and *\
ffi buttons. Why not have comfort at low, 49c . very elastic full length the kind §%
I ; this money-savins price? 49c. .....--.«•..„..,.•.«„ «••••« that we caii guarantee to wear. A sjH
I EXTRAORDINARY, ft u c „ » ,. „ LADIES' COMBINATION SUITS. *« « * **¦• °sc. |
i A25-CEHT COMB NOW 12, CENTS. 0116 Item . FrOIB lOW MUSllH Ull" « do,^Ladles; c^mbinaUo^ Oneit* ThSrB IS Nothing BBttSr ThBII S
| LADIES' SIDE COMBS, made of QBrWeaF DfiDartmBlit. tralian wool, steam shrunk, mel- xfrmz?^*. Ik- D*»« m
| best quality Italian shell, smooth fln- UOinOUl UGJJQI imCHIi icated, colors gray and white, ankle /MSW) IU9 b8St, t£
I Ish, highly polished. Our price.liic r - LADIES' ML 8- length, high neck, long sleeved, neck fijKni'j? / . . II . , fc t> * S*f
S _, . w ... ~ . ' SL dS> #5fc LIN DRAWERS. finished with crocheted edge, drawn J5x(\*lg2 f ** And Her* * Ute Best F£
I Pleased You'll Be When These ¦ftj^jrNfflT'SSi* o 1 ? 'iffi «S°affi« 1 2S^ B « ri iSo %£* m * < |£F u T&*£ ki Z££* I
I Values You See, //7w<\ v! 30 *,/ b iT£ e i wp nn Nnt nffpr n™ Artirle f^bSck hose. M
I 23 do». LADIES' APRONS, made / [LM N W \\ mu f lln - fi " " e U0 » 01 UIIBr U[18 MFllUB f^j mad. of saxpertor qual- f&
m of fine Imported lawn, the quality I \V J w V ?!i a« 9 I OJlrfpr KiH ltr yarn soft and <£!
rt that -tvill withstand the effects of \\ VJ .. / I lawn ruffle, edged dS d LedU8li f*4 7 P » , k 7 &
$S rough wear; some finished with deep \ U/ ' // with three-Inch g^ You'll Find We Sell Throughout Hfl elastic, sii* nmsnea. ijk
> hems and pockets, others fancy fV«PTk J Torchon 1 a o e. ,l" **" a ill c««- w«, /$i Our own importation, m
3 trimmed: all wide strings. Our offer- 1 An. Tth. majiv the Stor ° tf>9 Sam0 O) ' >^Qn Wholesale nrlce M 50
A ing for this week 25c °™ ° f ' "» ™"£ THERE IS NOTHING TO EQUAL J$&* 2. w. S « wl &
$ • ¦ • ' '•¦ • - w> hi - .offerings I r o m A t^t-* mM a vnvt ttacstti AVn 7v>m. «a!Mr " 0B - "• ¦ 0L * *• w * Sen
! MMFTHINn NFW ?• - ? 1-SS^S.thls department, A KIMON A FOR EASE AND COM .dyertlse. 2 5 C. M
gs oumciniNU-'liCW, &*^ • 49c. -^ ladies* ki- another lot. (M
I %?$J0 S HW- OFFERINGS LIKE THESE MAKE uiV%B™i; h^V^K SASK'SSS M
W &&A BINED. Just the «•> tniHUO LIMi I ntOt I1IMIU. Jja f t m 7%*>,Zl heels and toes, full finished, mads o: £f$
M H* %l thing for the in- n^ DIIPY CT Z^tti 1 f * t i ft best three-thread yarn. You caa't «i
m /A.4/ valid or people . Uo DUoIi >-^v »v natty little res ist buying at this price, H5c. Hsl
1 //V- 1 S^pSSio'oV 1^ '"Our Busy Wrapper Department. $$&$% "Sff 11^"^ EXTRA. M
tf >7^~SY*\tR* corset. They are LADIES' FLANNELETTE /^r3S^«l3 sol d before noon. Just received, another lot of that J-^d
tf- %<**$'!? V^ made of best lra " WRAPPERS, made of good flannel- /w^SftSWiMfl We will place on CASHMERE HOSE we ran so short 03
PS r V.-* I -'-rf\ \ ported sateen. ette, smooth finish, in striped or flg- ' t&2j$*% »f\ Bale at 10 o'clock of last week. They are made of finest ej«
*Q& •iT C 77 J /'>A \ Come in drab ured effects, tight fitting back, full F'<>^23 W£\ M « on 5 ay mornln S yarn, very elastic, double heels and XS5
f*$ * Tv vAf ) ) and black, Bteel front, lined, trimmed with braided f jP>hWM E$?a 400 La* 116^ Ki- toea. full length. Swiss-ribbed and £3g
SL. ».*i\w**i\. / / or buttoned front; ruffle; all sizes; full length;, an un- K^fV^iJii pJr\ mona Dressing eteam shrunlc. This week's monay- 553
•3>ii >i KtttvJ/ also have side excelled quality for OSc v£^£rJ&^7 Sacques, madeof savins price, 2oC FM
W v f/uiin steels. Front or f <T\T\V>. oest quality flan- &W
I %?\ SSo^r 1^' Money-Saving Opportunities in iX -^P SS&&5S IN OUR WAIST DEPARTMENT. M
1 mry to the corset, aKo 1^ Our Handkerchief Dept, *}™™* h » oua e^« - «s^ °' Farre " stre9t Entrattee ' m
I &for only U 81.00 SffiS^ffi^fo¥!LS T^f^S^ i
I THE PROPER THING IN COR- \Zfk Sfifrrc^| th 'T7 IT^ ° 5c #^^ -- *&« M
SETS NOW A^'_>. ™Sf K iS LITTLE MONEY WllL 60 A J^3i|^ o^toSfe 1
m. uuiu nun i^r '»' initialed; our price i nun tinv nrnr I rVSA 5S«fSC\ sleeves, flare $»!
g IS THE NEW ERECT FORM MILITARY •• T,c LONG WAY HERE, fcU cuff, detachable B£3
1 CORSET. Tl |C** fn Our Suit Department. T^^^W '&% thr^fc &
W> , We have Just Received a New Lot ]» A LINEN HAND- Second floor O'Farrell-st. entrance I JTr I H i out » new slash- gflS
I Of Them. >(iZ—24\ Jarr^w^m 1^ 1 LADIES' TAILOR MADE SUITs'. W^ ' * W £«*%& «£ M
g LA VIDA CORSETS have created laundered, just as-they ca^^'from S^SIURT 'c^aftS'm^^SvZ; tal buttons; colors blue. rose. pink. M
«? a sensaUon among fashionable wo- tha factory. If you want a bargain VL\\£ a RT »JJ?i f^fj SRI SfL p , r(>ved rreen, blaok. These waists are per- fiJI
m men of the world. . here's a chance for you....lOc each ifuVL P^n te Sft«i °2?™ tt L5TLSS^ &«t ln flt - «eal»«»nt to mak °. axtrao- fftl
m They are made of finest Italian j,r --_ npT ™,' rrx^riTrvvf 2?,, t'JS:*. f}^l ff^ * du : tlve ln style. When you see these I?S
I SS^fiaffiSlJK gpgspT.^ffi awssaiass-aflS |
1 ESSS^Hg &i?r.. m .^-.^-.. s . 1 . i s» 8&!aK"Siwsr..-sabSiJ some more good news m
¦ i I 0 ?, Vl perfec il on wlth a La V «o a k°X From the Reliable Store, Where Money M
1 bal' the money 88.50 y/^w ts-^ Af1H1aTT^T^T% '» Cheerfully Refunded if Goods M
;& . You have your gloves and shoes ¦ B B IM B-C fl R'W %4 IVI B-C M %J fl Prove Unsatisfactory. C?-;
S fitted. Why not have your corsets €J \J JEU MB \ If VI Pi 1x3 il Ti Bl IT. rha XX quality stockinet shields
m fitted 9 We tit them free. - m—^ Aik.wiv/A*Aii j^*>aAkv\j of pair : gj
I 5000 yardsRibbon.AU.Si,* Taffeta. QlfT A/\arUpt i
m the very best ribbon made, all new \J l\J 1Y1U1 iVUL LjLI &W/1, lXrge size cube pins, black^or ®|
3j shades, width 40. For Monday and Alall Orders Solicited. RUNNING THHOUCH TO U O'FARRBLL. Large™ size ** spools" knitting 0^^ 11 ** |^
g Tuesday 12Xa. • .:;--,•- phblan building. all colors 03 g
vS^^K ONE PIIDCC
f^£$mk bottle bunco
/ MCBURNEY'S
1$^ W*?f# Kirinw"" 1 Bladd " i
/ v* *Vj W iviuney cure 5
VA' / A thorough cure lor
CJTJ £ p&lne In the back,
Q Jk EIGHT'S DISEASE, !
21 f J \ female troubles, lncon-
tfueaceof urine, brick dnst deposits, bed- ;
wetting of children, gravel, gall stones, ¦
dropsr. diabetes, and rheumatism.
Thousands endorse It. Write for testiino- ;
nials. Price 11.50. All Druggists. \
W. F. McBurney. Sole Manufacturer, |
<Zb South Spring fit., Los Angeles, CaLFRANK D. MACBETH is the Re
publican nominee for the Assem
bly in the Thirty-ninth District.
He is also the nominee of the
Citizens' Republican party. * Mr.
Macbeth was born' in Alpine County, Cal
ifornia, thirty j ears ago. He is a gradu
ate of the State Normal School, the Uni
versity of Califrrrnia and Hastings College
of the Law. He taught school in San Ra
fael and In the State of Nevada. He Is
at present a member of the law firm of
Kdgar M. Wilson, H. A. Powell and F. D.
Macbeth. He has lived in the Thirty
ninth District five years and has never
held public office. Ho is a young man of
character and intelligence, whose presence
in the Legislature would reflect credit on
the district. Two years agtj the Demo
cratic candidate for the Assembly carried
The Thirty-ninth Assembly District Is
composed of all that portion of San Fran
cisco bounded as follows: Commencing at
the Intersection of Sacramento and Hyde
streets, thence along the center of the fol
lowing named streets: Hyde to Sutter,
Sutter to Jones, Jones to Market. Market
to Van Xess avenue. Van Ness avenue to
Sacramento. Sacramento to Hyde— the
place of beginning.
the district by the slender majority of
thirteen. Mr. Macbeth's popularity and
ability ¦will doubtless turn the scale this
year in favor of the Republican cause. He
tteserves. the support of taxpayers and
other pood citizens of the Thirty-ninth. .
The Democratic nominee for the Assem
bly in the Thirty-ninth District is W. T.
MeClain. He received - his nomination
from the delegates who were chosen by
the Phelan-Fay faction of tho Democratic
party.
JAMES D. HART, Citizens' Repub
lican nominee for the Assembly in
the Forty-third District, should bo
supported by the property owners
and other good citizens. He has
lived in the district for more than thirty
years and as a leading Republican has
taken an active part in promoting meas-
The Past Masters' Masonic Association
banqueted at tha California Hotel last
evening, covers being laid for sixty. An
elaborate menu was enjoyed,, and after
the tables had been cleared toasts were
given bv the Rev. Dr. Jacob Nleto, Dr.
Jacob "v"porsanger, I* L. Sullivan and
Past Presidents J. J. Stofen and W. W.
Moore James A. "Wilson, .president of the
association, acted as toaatmaster. The
committee of arrangements was composed
of A. Christenson. W. ¦TV. de Winton, A.
K Coney. Max Goldman. Hugh J. Owen,
"W "W. Moore and John Fischer.
..While the Past Masters' Association
was making merry in the assembly hall
of the hotel, the Laundrymen's Associa
tion-was holding its second annual ban
quet in the parlor adjoining. Some twen
ty-five sat down to the repast, including
the owners of the Oakland and San Joss
laundries. James E. Gordon president of
the association, presided, and toasts were
eiven . by S. F. Bufford. E. F. Ferguson
and Senator W. J. Biggy.
TWO ENJOYABLE BANQTTETS
AT CAUFOBNIA HOTEL
Songs, D. M. Jones and Alexander
Strong, with recitations by G. W. Pater
son. A. McPherson. Hugh Fraser and
others, completed the programme.
"The President 'of the United . State*" : re
pponse by band. ¦ "ColumWa, the Gem of the
Ocean." "Queen - .Victoria": reaponae, ."God
Save the Queen."? "The Land.TVe Live In":
rt?ponse, "Star Spangled Banner," "The Land
o* Cakes": response. "Rolling Home to Bonnie
Scotland." 'The Lassies": response,' "Green
Grows the Rushes." "The Press"; response,
"Are Te Sure the News Is Truer*
given by the Scottish Thistle Club in the
Shiels building. last night The early por
tion of the evening was devoted to Scot
tish dances, with a few of the more mod
ern waltzes thrown In by way of variety.
True to the old country custom, the Sab
bath could not be broken; consequently
the music from Blum's . orchestra started
the march for the banquet room at 10
o'clock. This arrangement gave two hours
in the banquet room,, where 150 "couples
enjoyed themselves . over . a ; sumptuous
feast. Royal.; Chief John Ross presided
and announced ...the. toasts, which were
responded to as follows: ;*../.
The Leather Workers' Union,. a recently
organized section of .the labor. unions, of
this city, gave a social and smoker at 102
O'Farrell street last night. With " tnie
hospitality, all. who saw fit to come .were
welcomed. Liquid refreshments and sand
wiches were dispensed. :"¦.¦•¦
Leather-Workers' Smoker.
Mark Hopkins Institute. of Art:contin
ued by request till Thursday, November 1.
Open daily, including Sunday, from 9 till
5. Admission 25 cents. • •
The Exhibition of Old Paintings.
Civil Service Nuts to Crack.
Competitors for. positions under, the civil
service in the Auditor's office were exam
ined Friday by the Civil Service Commis
sion. They.; had thirteen questions to an
swer and one letter to write. All th«
questions ' and ; . the letter ; referred to the
duties that 'deputies - have to perform Ir
the department in question. " They^ had ¦ tc
describe the , Auditor's t annual ¦ estimate
and to do several ¦ sums : in "auditorial"
arithmetic. Inside of 100, words they had
to , enumerate ten funds and define' the
general fund.
Henry Birkholm, who resides at f>12
Andover street, was painfully Injured yes
terday afternoon. Birkholm was attend
ing the cylinder in which gypsum was
being prepared at Shauffer's Chemical
Work*. Utah and Alarm-da streets, when
the. cylinder burst, fracturing the bone of
his right leg. besides inflicting several
lacerated wounds on other portions of his
body. The ambulance from the Receiving
Hospital at the City Hall conveyed him
to the City and County Hospital for treat
ment.
Henry Birkholm Injured.
A grand social will be given . by Lore
ley Circle . No. • 26, C. O. F. of A. , . next
Saturday evening at Alcatraz Social Hall,
120 O'Farrell street. The proceeds \ of the
entertainment will be given to aid a des
titute family.
Loreley Circle Social.
Merrily" Going On
Is the shoe sale,- 717 j Market street. To
morrow. 1000. pairs ; of i ladles', misses' anc
boys', shoes of the^ Rochester Shoe Co.-'t
stock, worth $2 60/ for, 75 cents apairor
the table. ¦- No more r than two pa 1 rs tc
any . one person at the shoe sale of th«
Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market street, neai
Third. • , •
This favorite steamer, under command of
Captain Lawless, will sail for Papeete Novem
ber Jet. Hitherto these charming Islands of the
South Seaa have been reached by sailing: vessels,
requiring: 30 to 40 days, but the time of new
steamship service will be 10H days. A«k for
particular* of the low excursion rate at 643
Market street. •' '
The Australia for Tahiti.
Dr. Edith E3. McLean, the well-known
hair physician (Call building), has ' re
turned home, after an extended trip East.
Dr. McLean went to New Tork for thei
purpose of studying the latest methods
tised in treating diseases of the hair and
scalp, and while there visited all' the hos
pitals, as well as the colleges of derma
tology. The- doctor intends in the near
future giving a series of lectures on the
diseases of the hair and scalp at her par
lors. 201 to 215, Call building. . . •
DR. EDITH M'LEAN'S RETURN.
John Donovan, a manufacturer of arti.
flcial limbs, residing 'at 783 Mission street
in company with two friends last nighi
got caught between two • cars of th«
Fourth-street electric line going in oppo
site directions. One of his friends seemec
to be in danger of being run over anc
Donovan grabbed for him. As he did sc
he fell against' the bumper of: oncof tht
cars. He was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, • where '- Dr.*™; Putnam found thai
both bones of his -left arm were broker
and reduced the fracture3.^3*a3SSB?
Broke an Arm, Saved a Friend.
Scottish Thistle Club's Party.
It was a genuine old Halloween party
be congratulated upon I the success of its
entertainment and ball, held. last night at
Union Square Hall: - A .two-act musical
farce,' by P. Faber,' followed- the address
of welcome by the of the so
ciety, Mrs. Mlkkelsen.;The principal char
acters in the farce were taken by., Mrs; E.'
Paulsen. Mrs. L... Lorentzen, C. ; M. Beck;
C.- Christiansen; J. -, Nelson and . Hans
Meier. . After the performance .the floor
was cleared and the rest of. the evening
was spent In dancing. ,
DANISH LADIES' RELIEF
SOCIETY ENTERTAINS
Musical Farce Ably Presented, After
Which the Floor -Is Cleared
for Dancing.-
The DanlsKLadies'.; Relief Society Is to
quent Sermon in St. Mary's at
Solemn Vespers.
The Triduum in honor of Saint Jean
Baptiste de la Salle was observed last
evening with solemn vespers and benedic
tion by the Brothers of the Christian
Schools at St. Mary's Cathedral. The high
altar presented a beautiful appea'rancp
Illuminated with many wax candles, and
BT^AS? Rev> Charles A - Ramm 
"My dear brethren, let us study to-night
what a saint and when the
church makes one. We all know that
sanctity is the gift of God, and that he
will impart it to others.
. \'^Y e , nnd in tne saints all the virtues
faith, hope and charity; also prudence
temperance and justice. If we act up to
all these virtues we can all be saints. We
are always looking to do something he
roic. Some of the saints distinguished
themselves by some brave deeds, but yet
they had all the virtues. The church has
canonized kings, queens and great men
but she also has her doors open to you if
you wish to become a saint. Communion
with God is essential. The /moment we
discontinue prayer we lose m trength. A
great man is JuBt the opposite to a saint
The statesman needs influence,' power and
friendship. The saint does. not require
any earthly assistance. He looks to God
for his strength."
ALL SHOULD STBIVE
TO BECOME SAINTS
Rev. Father Ramm Preaches Elo-
A neat sum was realized at the Stan
ford-California entertainment last night
for the benefit of the Amendment Club of
Stanford. The wet weather kept many
away, but despite this handicap there was
a generous attendance. The college stud
ents were generally subdued, but at va
rious times during the evening they broke
forth in familiar yells. •
Johnny Briscoe proved an acceptable
stage manager. His excuses for the
tardy appearances of certain stars were
witty and well taken. "Brick" Morse
proved the all-round man of the enter
tainment. He led the California Glee
Club, played the banjo, acted as substi
tute in a quartet and did a clever mono
logue turn.
Mr. Olshausen of Stanford rendered
solos on the flute and his artistic work
won deserved encores. The Stanford glee
and Mandolin clubs sang and played. The
rest of the programme was up to the
standard and greatly enjoyed by the au
dience.
Highly Interesting Entertainment
Participated^ by Stanford and
California Students.
COIiliEGE GLEE CLUBS .
RENDER MANY PIECES
. Dear Bister: T-ost July 17. Found dying Sep
tember 22. No food over 60 days. I stay here
this winter. Good prospects. Letter next boat
two weeks. Well cared for and comfortable.
. GUSTUS.
Mr. Hall is an attorney and was form
erly a partner of Tirey L. Ford. His sis
ter is the wife of the business manager of
the News Letter.' -
As corroboration of the telegraphic
story from . Seattle of the sufferings of
James A. Hall of 214 McAllister street,
who was lost for sixty days in the moun
tains back of Nome, is the following mes
sage from Mr. .Hall, written- on a postal
card addressed to his sister, Mrs. Adelia
Tafflnder of 3746 Twenty-first street:
TELLER. Sept. 29. 1900.
Mrs. Adelia Taffinder. |
Postal Card From Attorney James A.
r Hall Received by His Sister,
STOBY OF HARDSHIP IN
ALASKA CORROBORATED
ures for good government. He was a
member In good standing of old Eureka
Typographical Union No. -21, and was an
attlve member up to the time of his ap
pointment as ' Discharging - Inspector of
Customs, which position • he held for
twelve years. • ," , .
In lSS:i, under President Harrison's'ad
ministration, Mr. Hart was appointed Spe
cial Inspector of Customs. -In 1891 he was
appointed Collector^ of Customs for the
port of Sand Point, Alaska, but declined
on account of Ill-health. He was appoint
ed deputy Assessor bysJohn Slebe In 1894.
In the upper part of the Forty-third Dis
trict, where he was" assigned to duty up
to 1S98, he became one of the best-known
and most popular men In that "section. In
fraternal circles he is well known as past
chief ranger. Foresters of America.
Mr. Hart is '• an organizer of; the clean
Republican forces of the* Forty-third Dis
trict. He made a gallant fight to over
throw the bosses at the late primary elec
tion, but the henchmen of Kelly and
Crlmmins sent repeaters Into the district
and finally resorted to ballot-box stuffing
in broad daylight to defeat the will of
residents and taxpayers. A vote tot J, D.
Hart is a vote to rebuke the bosses.
The Democratic nominee for the Assem
bly in the Forty-third District is Eustace
Cullinan,' a young newspaper man of in
tellect and character.
The Kelly-Crlmmlns nominee for the
Assembly in the Forty-third District is
Martin \V. Brady.
The Forty-third District Is composed of
that portion of the city bounded as'fol
lows: Commencing at Market and Kearny
streets, continuing along Kearny to
Broadway, Broadway to Mason, Mason to
Market and Market to Kearny, the place
of beginning.
Wolf thinks that the metal was "plant
ed" by some old miner In what was then
the sandhills years ago. It must have
been in the ground over, eighteen years,
as he improved the property that long
ago.
. ; One month ago the contractors com
menced to excavate for the purpose of
erecting a new building. Last week the
workingmen uncovered the gold and bII
yer metal. They found that there were
gold nuggets and silver coin to the value
of $1700 The valuables had been deposited
in a can which had almost entirely been
destroyed by rust. The money was given
to the men who discovered it.
When W. Wolf, a capitalist and land
owner. Bold a piece of property at the cor
ner of Bills and Jones streets he did not
know its actual value. The lots were dis
posed of , on the supposition that land
alone was transferred, but It 1 later devel
oped that silver coin and gold nuggets to
the value of $1700 had passed to a new
owner. ".,¦:-"¦
Eighteen years ago' Wolf purchased the
property. He built a home on It and
Teared a family. About a year ago he re
ceived an offer for the land and. It being
advantageous, he decided to dispose of the
lots. His house was accordingly moved to
another location, on O'Farrell street.
$1700 and Buried Many
Tears Ago Are Un
earthed.
Workingmen Make a Find
at Corner of Ellis and
Jones.
Gold Nuggets and Silver Coin "Worth
TREASURE DUG UP
IN HEART OF CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 15JOO.
MORE CANDIDATES
FOR ASSEMBLYMEN
F. D. Macbeth and J. D. Hart
W orthy of Election.
30
i The American authority on matters o(
Sanitation and Hygiene, "The American
Journal of Health," says:
George Mayerle's • latest and most im-
proved method in examining- and correct-
ing "most complicated cases of defective
Eyesight has been approved by the high-
est authorities.— Extract from 1 the Ameri-
can Journal of Health, New York, Octo-
ber, 1898. ¦ • •
Mayerle'e glasses are superior to all
others for "Weak Eyes and Poor Sight,
Headache, Dizziness, Neuralgia, and Pain
about the Temples, etc. Mr. Mayerle is
now located at 1071^ Market street, below
Seventh. Consultation, examination and
advice free; open evenings until 9. Ger-
man Eyewater, 60 cents. (See City Direc-
tory for Graduate Opticians.)
Mayerle's New Methods In Fitting
CUT THIS OUT.
Glasses sent 'by Express can be exam-
ined and tried before paying any charges.
Glasses by Mail
Exclusively, for preivrvins:, purifying, and bcautif vtas: Uio sfcin, for eleaneing the scalp of
crusts, Kate*, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whiteping, and
fro-.ithins red, roujrh. and «>rc hands, in the form of baths for aunovinjj Irritations, itiflnm-
luntioaF, and r.liaflnjrs, or too free or ollensive perspiration, in tlie form of wasliC6 for
ulr-crctivc weaknesst'f , and formany 6a native antiseptic purposes which readily su^goet
tiiemfdvts to womcr:, and especially mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath,
rr.'l PHi'fi'lj No amount of perr-uasioa can induce those who have once need It to use any
ottier. eapeidaSy for preserving and pnrifyinj; the fkln, ecalp. and hair of infants ami
rlillircn. CtTicrRA Soap combines delicate emollient properties derived from Ccti-
ccra, the jrrcat i-kin cure, \rlth the purest of cleansing lnpredients and the most refregh-
lnj of flower odors. So other mtdUaltd poap ever compounded j 9 to becempared with it
for presorrinp, purifx-inp, and lieautlfrinjr the skin, ecalp, hair, and hands. Xo other
forei;m or rloucrtic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared with it for all tho
purpose? of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus It combines in One Soap at One Piuck,
vi.'.., Twf.:.tt-i :ve Cfnts, the best ekin and complexion 6oap, the best toilet and best
baby eoap in the world.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor,
/- < it 1 f.[.n« <'on«i>hni; of C- r:<-->:* to»p (tic ). to c'.rtn»<- the ckin nf emits and >«>i and soften th«
rue c-T thickenwl ruticir. Ccrtcrs* OuT«"ti iSim. to IssUntlr allny itehlne nnd irritation and
ll ). t l> , cT »f>othe and h*«l. i<nd Ccncr«A Re»o»te<t(V)c ).to ewl «.nd dimnte the blood. Sold through-
*»• .?t' act ihewo-H. I'urri n Op.f<j *«:• Cu».m. Corp., Sole I'rcjis., Baeton.
Soak the hands on retiring in a strong, hot,
creamy lather of CUTICURA SOAR Dry,
and anoint freely with CUTICURA, the great
skin cure and purest of emollients. Wear, during
the night, old, loose kid gloves, with the finger
ends cut off and air holes cut in the palms. For
red, rough, chapped hands, dry, fissured, itching,
feverish palms, with shapeless nails and painful
finger ends, this treatment is simply wonderful.
Millions of Women Use Cuticura Soap
Red, Rough Hands, Itching
Burning Palms and Painful
Finger Ends
the Convenience of
See if we haven't
one you want dur-
ing this week's sale
HI. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
700 REMNANTS DRESS GOODS, in all wool
and silk and wool materials, also Cheviots,
Serges, HomesDunSi Henriettas and Plaids,
lengths from I2 to 7 uards each.
All at Less Than Half Price.
43-INCH IMPORTED PRUNELLA, a new
fabric for Fall wear, fine twill ana satin
finish, comDlete assortment of new color-
• inas— Tans, Modes, Old Rose, Castor,
tfavus and Red,
Price $1.75 Yard.
50-INCH SATIN VENETIENNE, all new Fall
shades of Blues, Automobile, Modes,
Greus, Reds and Castor.
Dnir*P> <£1 0^5 Von/1
38-INCH WIDE LANSDOWNE, the new silk
and wool fabric for waists and house
gowns, in all the new uastel shades.
3STQTE!.
In writing for samples of aDOYe goorls
please state color and price wanted,
THREE EXCELLENT VALUES.
Ulitoo rADttlbo!
bargain in German Glass
ietal frames and fancy
ieven sizes, as follows:
3^x4U 30c
< l 4X6 =} c
G^xS 85 C
$1.00
We offer you this week a
Triplicate Mirrors, in m
papier mache backs, in s
3i«'.x3V5 23c
4 xS 35c
L'txTU 79c
TUx9
3««* Premiums Eva a
many GiVdl Fl tX
WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to Boy
Geo. Wostenholm (J X Lt Knife.
Fork and Steel, Stag Handles. Fan-
cy Ferules, per set, $4.50 and $5.00.
Geo. Wostenholm (I X L.) Knife,
Fork and Steel, Stag Handles, per
set. $3.00.
Gco. Wostenholm (I X L) Knife,
Fork and Steel, Celluloid Handles,
per set. $4.00.
Geo. ¦\Vostenholm (I X L) Stag
Handle Knife and Fork. 9-in. blade,
per pair, tl.75.
Geo. Wostenholm (I X L) Stag
Handle Knife and Fork, S-in. blade,
per pair, $1.50.
Russell's Stag Handle Knife and
Fork, extra quality., per pair, J1.S0.
Russell's Stag: Handle Knife and
Fork, per pair, #1.00.
CUTLERY.
Tablets— Well, we have them;
plain or rough finish, ruled or plain,
from Sc to 25c.
Try a package of our Pound
Pap'-r. Line ar.d Satin Finish, ruled
or plain; the bost in the market, 25c
pound.
Knvelores to match. 10c package;
40c Itc.x of five packages.
An ele;?&"t lino of Hurlburt's Box
Paper, latest shades. 25c.
Have you a Fountain Pen? Try
one ani you'll never be without
one. We have the Waterman
"Meal." J2.5(t to $7.00; and a g-ood
one for S1.00.
To close one line of Initial Paper,
va have marked It from 50c to 35c a
box for this week only. A D J I X
O P li T — Above letters only.
STATIONERY.
Conic Just to See
Great Affl8ncaflIfflportMi[Tea Co.
are., b*tTlButter" and Po«t ata.
861 Market St.. opr. Powell.
62 Market St., Junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
Australia's bigRest offertory was taken
up at the consecration of the Bishop of
Carpentaria In Sydney Cathedral. It
amounted to J42.OOO. ar.d Is perhaps the
larcest on record.
818-S20 Market St., San Francisco.
MAIL. ORDERS FILLED
REOin^AB REPCBUCAN NOMIXEK.
UNEXPIRED TERM,
FRANK H. KERRIGAN,
. ...FOR."
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
P. BOHCOE MrVrLTY, H. D.
2O>i Kearny «t., San Francisco. CsU
DR.M<?NULTY.
TBIS WETX-KKOWX AND RFXIABLE OLD
Specialist rMr«tB!o<K! Poison, Gonorrhoea. Gleet,
Stricture, seminal Wealcnesa, Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. Roolc on Diseases of Met>,fr«te.
Ov»r20yearVexper'ence. Terms reasonable. Hour*,
9to3daily:6:iOto3.30eY'Ks. Sundays. 10 to 13. Consul-
tatlon free aad sacredly conflclentlaU Call oraddresi
, Trapper's Oil eur»i rheumatism and neuralffia.
Druggists, EOc fla^k. Richards & Co.", 40« Clay.<
Vote for Tbos. F. Graham for Judgeof
the Superior Court. •
In the archaic vaseroom at the British
Mufpum any. one can gaze upon babies'
feeding bottles of sun-baked clay which
were antique when Joseph went Into
Egypt.
It is certain that Dr. C. C. O'Donnell
will be elected Congressman from the
Fourth Congressional District by the
largest majority of any candloate on the
ticket. Dr. O'Donnell is essentially a man
of the people; his interests are their in-
terests and every step he takes and every
act he. does has. for its. motive, the ad-
vancement and • elevation of the : people. *
Steiavray Piano Dealers.
Cor. Kearnr and Sutter ft*.. 8. F.
Ccr. Wth and Broadway, Oakland.
Cor 3d and Morrison *(«.. Portland
711 S*eond ave.. Seattle.
Investigate Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s new rent contract
plan for selling these pianos.
Payments are as low as $6 a
month.
Note — C ustomers pur-
chasing pianos can have them
exchanged any time within
three years for a Stcinway,
and the full purchase price
will be allowed.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
One great advantage in
buying a piano from Sher-
man, Clay & Co. is the im-
mense stock exhibited from
which to make your selection.
There are 300 pianos on three
floors awaiting your inspec-
tion — Steinways, Chases, Es-
teys, Ludwigs, Richmonds,
Starrs, Emersons, etc.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
| b A GREAT RESTORATrvji. IJv ViUOil.*-
»tor and Nenrlne.
Tha most wonderful aphrodlatao and Special
Tonic for t&« Sexual Organs for both aezea.
The Mexican remedy tor Diseases of ths Kid-
neya and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS A BRUKQ. Aceat*.
t23 Market St., S. P.— (Send tcr Circular.)
ADVEKTISZBIENTS.
EXPERT OPTICI AWS.
man Expert Optician of
San Francisco.
Mr. George Mayerle, the Ger-
ADDITIONAL HONORS,
(COMBINATJONCASB
j ...^ =? ' "¦ ir .
I We show a very fine line of
J ' these cases, in oak and mahos:-
I . any, at extremely low prices, as
I well as many beautiful china
\ closets and bookcases.
) THE J. NOONAN
V FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc..
I 1017-1023 MISSION STREET i
/ Pfcone South U. Abov« 6th, Saa Francisco, i
1 i
I The Largest jf^p27^J B
¦ if -~ '•¦ /I ' \\ - bB
id (fiJLieh^s & Comp*xiy)f
J^ J[ 13? ¦ VI PP^t &t .Jhx\ Francixco jj
s^sttflB
AI>VERTISE1EENT!^Candidate for Congress.
STOCKTON. Oct. 27.-Jo D. Sproul in
vaded the home of his opponent to-night
and met with v.hat was certainly a. nat
tering reception. He was escorted from
Dignified Speech of the Democratic
ROCKLIN. Oct. Z7.— Sam D. Woods.
Republican candidate for Con
gress in this district, addressed
a rousing meeting here to-night,
speaking for over an hour on the
issues of the campaign and being frequent
ly interrupted by applause. Rocklin pre
cinct, which is normally Republican by
about rtfty- majority. Is confidently ex
pected to increase that majority thib year.
The large local Republican club was much
in evidence to-night, with bonfires, fire
works and enthusiasm, and the meeting
was a distinct success, many of thos«s
present having come from Loomis, Penryn
and surrounding country. Tho meeting
was presided over by J. H. Gregory.
A canvass of the county being made by
the Countv Central Committee shows Re
publican gains of from 5 to 30 per cent ii
all precincts in which it has been com
pleted. The principal gains nave been at
Newcastle. Gold Hill and Auburn.
STOCKTON WELCOMES SPROUL.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 27.— The Los An
geles Bar Association to-day adopted, a
resolution favoring amendment 22 to the
constitution, providing for the establish
ment of three courts of appeal to relieve
th.e Supreme Court of California, and ask
ing speakers of all parties to mention the
amendment favorably in their addresses.
The resolution was opposed by Judge
Charles Silent and "Will- D. Gould on the
ground that the Sthte of California would
Inevitably be divided in the near future
and the 5 amendment proposed a needless
expense. Theirs, however, was the only
opposition developed and the resolution
passed with only two negative votes.
geles Bar Association.
Resolutions Adopted by the Los An-
FAVORS AMENDMENT 22.
devoted the principal part of his address
to the criticism of the administration,
which was charged with all the national
ills, real or imaginary, In the calendar.
However, his address was free from un
dignified epithets. His opponent, Hon. S.
D. Woods, was always referred to In a
gentlemanly manner. This conduct has
characterized both Messrs. "Woods and
Sproul In their canvass of the Second Dis
trict. Mr. Sproul has put in several days
here building political fences. ,
MOUNTAINEERS GIVE SAM D. WOODS
A HEARTY RECEPTION AT ROCKLIN
GEORGE A. KNIGHT.
S. M. SHORTRIDGE.
mendous majority.". ,
¦ Congressman Metcalf's appearance upoi
"The attempt," he said, "has twice been
made to improve these laws and ..twice
the changes made have been declared un
constitutional by the Supreme Court. At
the comlnc election an opportunity will bo
Rix'en to the people to vote In favor of an.
amendment to the constitution, making LI
possible to make the desired changes.
This amendment should carry by a tre-
The meeting was called to order by H.
E. Brunner. G. S. Langan, president of
the local McKinley and Roosevelt, Club,
presided. In his introductory remarks.
Chairman I.argan said that the questions
how before the people should not be de
cided in the heat of partisanship, .but on
solid business principles. Ho then intro
duced John G. Mattes. Candidate for the
Assembly in the Forty-sixth District.
Mr. Mattos cpoke of the necessity of im
proving the primary Selection laws.
HAYWARDS. Oct. 27.-In spite of a
drizzling rain about 1590 enthusi
astic Republicans gathered In the
Haywards Opera-house this ev
ening and listened to some stir
ring campaign speeches by party leaders
and local candidates.
During the evening selectiorr were ren
dered by a quintet composed of- members
of the Young Men's Republican Club of
Oakland and by the Foresters' band of
Haywards.
The other speakers of the evening wefo
Judges Ellsworth and Ogden of Oakland
and Frank McGowan of San Francisco.
the platform was greeted with enthusi
astic cheers. He declared that after a
careful canvass of the Third Congres
sional District he was satisfied that the
Republican party had made substantial
gains. Colusa County, he said, though a
strongly Democratic section, would poll a
big vote for McKinley. Continuing the
speaker said: - «
"Thl3 campaign In my mind Is the mosr
Important that has ever been conducted
in this country and the questions now be
fore the people should be discussed In n.
calm and dispassionate manner. The Re
publican party has no Apologies to make.
It stands upon its record. We Republi
cans ought to feel proud of our party, of
its great men. of what It represents and,
nbove nil. of the supnort It has given the
American laborer. To Its policy is du^
the- position now occupied by the skilled
laborer of this country, who receives bet
ter wages than his fellow-workman in any
other country in the world."
CONGRESSMAN METCALF RECEIVES
A WARM RECEPTION AT HAYWARDS
F. L. Coombs Speaks on Free Silver
and Other Paramount Issues. .
SANTA ROSA. .Oct.' 27«^-An enthusiastic
Republican meeting was held in this citv
to-right. : Bonfires were lighted at points
of vantage, anvils boomed and the local
band ; discoursed' patriotic r music. -..•-¦ o • : .:
District Attorney .Webber ' acted* as
chairman and Introduced Frank -L.
Coombs as speaker : of the, evening. • Mr.
Coombs touched on all the Issues . of; the
campaign and was 'frequently Interrupted
wltli aj;s>la.u»e. lie compared the present
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 27.— The Democrat
ic candidates" for 'county .and- legislative
offices" epoke at an enthusiastic ''meeting
condition of. the country .with that of
four, years ago, when .the Democrats
were. In power, ¦ and told. 'the .-voters
to taKe their, choice.. Free silver, and,ex
pansion, the "paramount, issue.'.' were
also dwelt upon nt length and the speak
er's sound .arguments brought many
doubting ones: back : into the-, Republican
f61d.. , V- •-.... ;¦:,-_ ."-'•• j'.
Democratic Candidates Speak.
ENTHUSIASM AT SANTA ROSA.
CONGRESSMAN NEEDHAM.
._ _ ERCED, Oct.- 27.— Hon. J. C. •
|i fl Necdham, Congressman from
I Ml this district, addressed a large
If! and attentive audience in the
pavilion here to-night.. He
spoke on trust and other issues which are
before the people in this campaign \ and
was frequently applauded by his listeners.
T R Scoon of Modesto, nominee for the
Assembly from the Fifty-seventh district, \
and John T. Dare of San Francisco deliv
ered addresses. They ably, handled and -
explained the principles of Republicanism.':"
During the evening the .audience/was.:!
entertained with campaign ¦ songs by- the " v
plee club of Modesto, which arrived- here**
this afternoon from Congressman "Need-,
ham's home. . James Leonard acted as
chairman of the meeting.'
LAKEPORT. Oct; 27.-Frank H. Gould
of. Fresno brought; out a small crowd this
evening to hear. the issues of the day'dU
cussed from the Democratic point of view.
It : , was raining,' bo the attendance waa
Email, .but the, band played more :loudly
and wood was added more- freely to the
bonfire. '¦ ¦¦ Gould is an entertaining • speaker
and .was freely &t>Dlauded^H3ggfgg|f«MSgeM
Small Audience Hears Gould.
WALNUT; CREEK. Oct. 27.— Under the
auspices of- the local Bryan .'club 'one -of
the largest gatherings of the campaign
packed . the . Town Hall to-day.* Teams
brought people from all over the country,
and the citizens kept open house for the
visitors. The meeting was called to order
by Frank Oavin. Arthur .Williams, candi
date for the Assembly, was given a fine
reception.' Judge Burke, who has been a
Republican, cave his reasons for changing
to Bryan. Dale Wood of Nebraska and
J. G.Magulr.e. spoke for several hours.
"Walnut Creek's Democratic Rally.
to-night at Fifteenth and K streets. Ad
dresses were delivered by Peter J. Shields,
candidate for Superior Judge: Gillis Doty,
candidate for Senator: R. T. McKissick,
candidate for City. Justice of the Peace,
and M. A. Delew and T-ouls Reber. candi
dates for the Assembly. The speakers
treated of compaltjn issues and were fre
quently applauded.
CONGRESSMAN NEEDHAM ADDRESSES
REPUBLICAN GATHERING AT MERCED
I NEVADA CITY,. Oct. 27,-Mayor Phe
lan of San Francisco addressed a- Demo-"
• cratic meeting here to-night. George L
Jones of Grass Valley presided. A band
and glee club supplied : music and seven
young ladies < gave 'a' spectacular flag
drill, while .Miss Mabel Hughes sang
"The Star-Spangled- Banner." , - t . ,_, ,
Nevada City Hears Phelan.
"I am as certain of the re-election of
William McKinley as I am of the exist
ence of ijoe Aneeles." remarked Mr. Bar
rett to-day. "New York is certain to go
Republican, as Tammany Hall will not be
able to wipe out the im-State majority
The city I concede tn Bryan by between
30.000 and 40.000 majority."
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 27.-A letter left
Lcs Angeles to-day addressed by John
Barrett directly to President McKinley,
which assures the latter that California
will cast her Electoral vote for the pres
ent national" administration by not less
than 15.000 majority, the writer giving it
as his uncolored opinion, based upon the
conditions as he has found them, that the
majority may reach and even go beyond
20,000.
15,000 Majority in California.
Assures McKinley He Will Have
of the relations of Afruinaldo with ¦ the
United States and wound up -by stating
that "after all It was right that the Fili
p'.nos had turned their guns on us."
W. B. White, candidate for the Assem
bly, and Colonel Arbuckle followed Liver
nash and made short addrclses.
— « ? ¦
BAEEETT MAKES AN ESTIMATE.
DEMOCRATS OF OAKLAND
LISTEN TO VALENTINE
"Exports to the islands wcro nominal
before the war. They have increased to
J2.000.ooo on nceount of the presence of
the troors. That trade follows the naff la
Jt fallacy."
WVr. VaJent'ne expressed his views . on
J^* monetary question. Haying- that he was
rtvt in accord with Mr. Bryan, but that
his flection could not effect monetary
l*£isj.-iticn.
E. 3. LIveraMb reviewed the history
Mr. Valentine read his speech. He quot
ed figures liberally to show what an enor
mous expense the Government had been
put to *ubJugatiriR the KilJpinos. all of
which he said would hav« to be borne by
inc. groat common people of the Unlt«'l
fcmteH. He toon the same ground.' in ar
;-.:;«: ag.iittst the retention of the Island*.
J hat he hap taken in his pamphlets — that
the territory is unhealthy and not fit for
habitation by Caucasian people. He said
in part:
"There can never be anything else for
us in the Philippine Islands but military
j.<»»=tF. The exploitation of Oriental coun
tries only redounds for the benefit oMh<!
few. The mere idea of further conquest
rind acquisition fhould be repulsive to
every American mind.
OAKLAND. Oct. 27.— The rain had a
dampening effect upon a Democratl.-:
Gathering to-night at the Taber
nacle, where J. J. Valentine. pre*i
«ient of Wclls-I'argo Express Company,
and other patriots talked to a fair-sizcJ
crowd on subjects of imperialism and
trusts. Seth Mann, president of the
Bryan and Stevenson Club, was chairman
of the meeting.
Rain. Fails to Prevent an Outpouring
of Republicans.
GERMANTOWN, Oct. 27.— E. S. Salo
mon exposed some. of the fallacies of Bry
anism here to-night to a large and en
thusiastic gathering, notwithstanding rain
fell unremittingly. General Salomon waa
Introduced by Central Commltteeman G.
A. Gutman. He dealt telling blows at the
dodges Bryan is making to catch votes.
Said he:
• "Bryanlsm has but one Issue in this
campaign and that Is ' the White House
and how to getthere." .
Trusts, which no party is responsible
for, received consideration and expansion
and Imperialism were treattd at length.
The meeting was a success. - .
' Ranaral Salnmrm snnlid In Orland last
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 27.— The first torch
light parade of the campaign was
indulged In to-night by the Bryan
ltes Just before a meeting which was
addressed at Santa Fe Hall by R. F.
del Vulle and Isador B. Dockweller, both
of Los Angeles. The parade.- which was
four and a half blocks long and contained
besides the bands and boys 121 footmen,
and 22 aids on horseback, moved through
twenty-seven blocks and 'not a hand or a
cheer" responded from the sidewalks to
the shouts of the paraders. There were
many hundreds of voters on the sides of
the "streets through which the parade
passed, but not an answering shout for
Bryan came from any of them. Tho meet
ing was advertised to take place on the
plaza, but. on account of the fact that the
night was cool It was adjourned to
Santa Fe Hall, which was filled, for it
holds less than the number of the pa
raders in Une.
SALOMON AT QEHMANTOWN.
Thomas B. Dozler of Shasta County
r.lsrht to a large and attentive audience
composed mostly of Democrats,
RENOUNCES THE DEMOCRACY.
Supports McKinley.
KK3W1CK. Oct. 27. — The Republican
campaign In Keswlck was closed this
evening with a demonstration the like of
which the smelter town haa never seen
before. The streets were ablaze with bon
fires and Hill's Hall was crowded from
platform to door. John Drynam was pres
ident. C. C. Auble of Modoc County, Re
publican nominee for the Assembly from
this district, spoke briefly and D. A. Mc-
Kinlay of Santa Rosa, the laboring man's
orator, delivered an address on the sub
ject of trusts. He was listened to with
close attention and was frequently ap
plauded.
Thomas B. Dozler, "Shasta County's fa
vorite son." was the orator of, the even-
Ing. Hitherto he has been a Democrat
and prominent In the State and national
conventions of that party, but the Repub
lican foreign policy has won him to the>
Republican ranks. Appropriately. . his
speech was devoted to so-called Imperial
ism and expansion. He is a brilliant
orator always, and to-nfght he was at his
best. His. speech marte a great impres
sion, upon' Keswlck voters.
Democratic Oratory at Newman.
NEWMAN. Oct. 27. — An enthuslastta
Bryan and Stevenson meeting was held
here to-night. The hall was crowded to
the doors. A. II. Williams was chairman.
Speeches -were delivered by C. W. Easton
of Modesto and Oregron Sanders of- San
Francisco. There was music by the Dem
ocratic Glee Club of Modesto.
SAN DIEGO'S DEMOCRATIC
RALLY PROVES A FROST
--appears on the ballot as E. T. Treadwell.
The committee does not believe that the
mistake, if permitted to stand, would in
validate y.r. TreadvrelTs election, ¦ yet it
was decided as a measure.: of safety that
new ballots with the nams correctly print
ed thereon should be substituted for those
already provided. Accordingly the com
mittee last nipht wired the Secretary of
State for a sufficient supply of paper for
the new ballots. The district convention
which nominated Mr. Treadwell correctly
certified the name of the nominee. The
error obviously occurred In subsequent
clerical worlc. There is ample time to rec
tifv the mistake, as the ballots contain
ing the error apply to only one Assembly
district.
REPCBLICANS estimate that McKic
ley's majority in California will ex
ceed fifteen thousand. Leading
'Democrats conceiie a Republican
majority ranging from seven to ten thou
sand.
Colonel George Stone, chairman of the
Republican State CommiU.ee. is confident
of the election of a solid Republican Con
rre«;?ir:nal delegation. He says there is
no longer a doubtful district in the State.
YeFierdav an error in the official ballot
of the Thirtv-flftta Assembly District was
brought to the attention of the State Com
n^ittee The name of the Republican can
didate'for the ABsembly-E. F. Tread well
BLUNDER IN OFFICIAL
BALLOT IS DISCOVERED
Woods to Congress and W, C. Ralston to
the Assembly.. The speech made a great
impression and won votes. for the Repub
lican ticket.
SAN RAFAEIi. Oct. 27.— Despite a
heavy rain, tho Republicans of this
city held an enthusiastic rally at the
opera-house this evening. Samuel
M. Shortridge waa tho principal speaker.
After having: been Introduced by Chair
man Robert Furious, who made a short
preliminary address, Mr. Shcrtrldge held
the close attention of his audience for
two hours. He ridiculed th» Democratic
cry regarding trusts. All the legislation
that the national statute books contained
relating to the curbing of the trusts, he
said, was passed by a Republican Con
gress and sanctioned by a Republican
President. What remedy did the Demo
crats offer for the trusts? What laws
did they propose to pass?
The Democratic contention against a
large standing army was next taken up
In connection with the cry of Imperialism.
He showed that this country had not as
many soldiers as policemen. The speaker
here added that every man who wore th«
uniform of his country would gladly dla
for the flap, and the insinuation that they
would ever turn traitors to their country
was an Insult.
The speaker's' eloquent periods were
heartily applauded by the audience. At
the conclusion cf the meeting three rous
ing cheers were given for McKlnley and
Roosevelt, and the meeting . adjourned.
SHORTRIDGE ALLUDES TO
DEflOCRACY'S ICE TRUST
II NOELS CAMP. Oct. 27.— This town
f\ was *>b!aze with bonfires to-nfpht in
•*» f-r*»etlng- to Georpe A. Knight of
Fan Krarcisco. Ho was mot by a
committee at Milton. The crowd at the
tneetinp place to-night wi^s the largest
that has ateno>a any political demonstra
tion here in years. Mr. Knight was in
troduced by H. I. Blood and spoke for
two hours. Speaking of the cause of the
war with Spain lit told how- the Cubans
v . . r .. starred until the United States could
no longer refrain from interfering. When
the war was over Bryan laid aside his
vnlform and went to Washington to work
for the peace treaty which he was now
denouncing. He traced the expansion of
the fnited States from the thirteen States
ty purchase and bv co-quest to its present
/ tr^atnf-fs and showci that American
f 5 at?smen had always favored expansion.
The speaker contrasted the condition of
the workinjjmen of this country with
thoF«> of "other nations. He said America
fca<T advanced to a plane where the older
powers would listen to our counsel; that
ve were the arbiters of peace. He de
rouropfl Bryanism as bad for the coun
try, and ppoke of the Ice trust, with
Croker and Vnn Wyck at it? head, as the
vorst trust that could be found in the
land.
Speakinp of Sam D. "Woods' candidacy,
Mr. Knight said it was necessary to up
hold the great work of McKinley and
carry out his plans for this country's
jxeatrcss. He urgpd the election of
KNIGHT URGES VOTERS
TO STAND BY McKINLEY
Why are the national banks opposfnj me?
Because their presidents and stockholders know
that I waa on the Senate Committee for Bank*
and Banking and supported and voted tor a
bill to tax the stock of national banks as you
would tax any other property.
Why ar# the different coast representative
of the different trusts opposing' me? Because
they know that If elected my party and I are
pledged ta put th« products of trusts upon th*
free list to prevent monopoly under the plea of
protection.
Why are the different local merchants Ilk*
Messrs. Llllenthal. NIckelsburg. EsNrg. TV>11.
Carrlran. Levl. Haas, not to forget Gogwnhelm
and Felntuch, not one of whom live in this
Congressional district. If th# directory is to b«
believed, I say why are they opposing me?
Because they forget that my father. m»
brothers and I have always been Intimately
connected with the development of this State,
and particularly of the Sar. Joaqutn Vall»y.
They forget, or perhaps never knew, that my
father was the pioneer wheat grower on th«
rands of the San Joaquln before a railroad wan
thought of there, anil that he went Into the
wilderness and founded the Alabama settle
ment. Do they know that we who hare planted
fruit trees, sown grain, hewn logs and driven
nails have assisted and prepared alfalfa checks
for the Irrigation In the development of our
grain lands?
They know that I know that the prosperity
of the State depends upon the prosperity of the
small fanner and workingman and not th*
greedy merchant who buys horses from th»
farmer for MO and sells them to tho Govern
ment for $140. and these precious merchants
know that If elected I won't go lecxlng about
the departments in Washington at their behest
as their ag»nt trying to give them further
chance of feathering their nest at the expense
of those who have- been the pioneers and pro
ducers of the State.
had the opportunity of dlscorertng that no
man's voice waa heerd more often than mine In
defending united labor against the aggression
and encroachment of wealth. Mr. Scott knew
that I stlpDorted the bill -which was killed hy
a Republican Governor which sought to provide
that employers should furnish free surgical and
medical attendance to employe* Injured In any
mill, factory, foundry *>r shipyard.
"Why Is Irving M. Scott opposing my candi
dacy and passing the word out to his employes
of the Union Iron Works that my opponent's
election Is necessary for his business Interests?
Because Mr. Pcott, while leitsrtnic around Sacra
mento at the last regular session of the Legis
lature in his abortive attempt to represent or
misrepresent this State in the National Senate,
often came Into the Senate chamber as the
guest of the only man whose constitution could
withstand the poor cigars and worse whisky
dealt out at his headquarters, and Mr. Scott
THE rally of the Bryan and Steven
son clubs of the University of Cal
ifornia and Stanford University at
Metropolitan Temple last, night
reached the high water mark of
Democratic rallies of the campaign. There
was more enthusiasm, more entertainment
and more of brilliant, effective speaking
than any previous meeting had produced.
Former Lieutenant Govrenor Jeter pre
sided, except during the strictly college
part 'of. the programme; for which Frank
Karr of Stanford Introduced C. W. Ed
wards of California as chairman. J. F.
English and James Ferguson of Stanford
and J. O. Osborne and James M. Koford
of California delivered addresses that held
the closest attention of the large audience.
A trio from the Bryan and Stevenson Club
of Stanford sang campaign songs between
speeches, and received more generous ap
plause than has been given any campaign
glee club or quartet that has sung In
Metropolitan Temple.
J.* H. Henry, candidate for Congress
from the Fifth Congressional District;
Galllard Stoney, candidate for Superior
Judge, Robert M. Flfzgerald and R. Por
ter Ashe, candidate for Congress from the
Fourth Congressional District, made short
addresses. . " .'^ .'_,-,-
. Mr. Ashe, the last speaker on the pro
gramme, was called for several times ear
lier in the evening by impatient .admirers,
and when he was finally Introduced he
was received with loud and long-continued
applause. In the course of his speech he
paid his respects to some of his op
ponents as follows:
I am opposed In my candidacy by all the
newspapers published dally In this city and
county. Irrespective of political afilllatlons — by
the Republican Federal offices and transport
officials, and by the so-called Julius Kahn
Business Mens" Partisan Club. I wish to say
la this connection that were It not for tho
Democratic loyalty of Mr. Barry of the Star,
Mr. Jack Bonnet of Town Talk, and my
friends of the German press, my candidacy
would be unheard of and unsung, among: tboas
who look to tho dally and weekly Journals for
political news and advice.
Why are the Federal office™ and the trans
port officials opposing me? Because the office
holders know -what I will do to them when Mr.
Bryan Is inaugurated and commences to ad
vise with me regarding their efficiency and use
fulness, and the transport officials don't want
me in Washington because they know that I
will keep my word, given to them In their
teeth down at the windy transport docks last
week, and that I will have a law passed In
Congress prohibiting the employment of alien
labor in the transport service. They know that
I was one of the eleven Senators who support
ed and went down fighting for the final pass
age of Assembly bill 393, which wajt defeated
by a Republican Senate, which sought to pro
vide that non* but native born or naturalized
citizens should receive employment as a com
mon laborer, mechanic or skilled laborer upon
any public works or Improvements carried on
COLLEGIANS HOLD
DEMOCRATIC RALLY
Porter Ashe Pays Respects to Some
of the Men Who Oppose Him.
est plea was against expansion and his
crowning argument was a letter of Sena
tor Perkins to the California Legislature
in 1890, asking to be directed regarding
the casting of his vote for the ratification
of the Paris treaty. The reading of the
letter elicited thunderous applause.
LOS AXGELES, Oct. 27.— The most
enthusiastic Republican mass meet
ing of the campaign was held In
this city to-night at Hazard's Pa
vilion. Senator Thomas R. Bard
was the chairman of the meeting, which
was addressed by Senator George C. Per-
U. S. SENATOR PEKKINS.
Argues Against Expansion.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 27.— Hon. E. C.
Farnsworth addressed a large meeting
here this evening. The speaker's strong-
kins and Attorney General Tlrey L. Ford.
The procession which led the way to the
meeting was composed* of all of the
marching clubs «ln this part of the State.
The entire route was lined with cheering
crowds. Most conspicuous among the
clubs In the procession was that known as
"Teddy's Terrors." uniformed like the
Rough Riders that Roosevelt led. The
"Terrors" marched down the street, fir
ing pistols and giving war whoops. The
Amerlcus . Qlub of Pasadena, one of . th>?
largest marching clubs in the. State, per
formed numerous evolutions for the edi
fication of the spectators.
Hazard's Pax'ilion, with a seating capac
ity of 4500, was packed to the doors. Sen
ator Perkins, held the attention of this
vast audience for almost an hour and a
half. He showed the Democracy's incon
sistency In assisting to force the Spanish
war upon the country and, after support-
Ing the ratification of the treaty, con
demning Its consequences. The Senator
explained that the interests of California
were closely interwoven with the Repub
lican policy of expansion and predicted
an overwhelming victory In November.
Attorney General Tircy L. Ford talked
of trusts and of Bryamsm. He referred to
the action of Bryan in supporting the in
surrection in the Philippines . as being
treason. With biting sarcasm he de
nounced the comparisons made by Bryan
of Washington and Agulnaldo. Mr. Ford
said that the . Republicans were - better
united this year than they had ever been
before. He predicted that McKInley's
majority would be greater than any that
had ever before been given to a Presi
dential candidate.
Senator Bard Presides and Senator Perkins and
Attorney General Ford Address Big Throng.
RECORD-BREAKING RALLY OF
LOS ANGELES REPUBLICANS
THRONGS OF VOTERS IN CALIFORNIA CITIES
HEAR THE ARGUMENTS OF PARTY LEADERS
REPUBLICANS of the Thirty-sixth
Assembly District held a rousing
rally in Murphy's Hall at Ocean
View last night. Congressman
w Loud was to have addressed the
r-e»tin(r. blit in his unavoidable absence
a. eprorh on the campaign Issues was de-
Jiver. d hy E. Myron Wolf. Prior to Mr.
Wolfs address the audience listened to
William J. Guilfoyle. candidate for the
Aswmhly In the Thirty-sixth District;
Judge r>. J. Murphy. Judge Davis Louder
back and Judge Joachimsen.
Alter contrasting McKinley and Bryan
and picturing the possible state of the
country should the latter have been elect-
In Stirring Speech He Exposes
Many Campaign Fallacies.
WOLF TELLS OCEAN
VIEW THE OUTLOOK
ed to the Presidency in 1S96, Mr. Wolf said,
speaking of the past four years:
During 1 this time the financial center of na
tions has v*esed from London to New York.
Why? Sly friends. It Is the effect of confldenc*,
of capital'* confidence resulting from the bene
fit! which have accrued to the country from
the able administration of that great and good
man, William McKlnley.
Now as to this strike, which the IVmocrats
are attempting to make political capital out
of. Why do these men strike? Because they
want to get *ome of the universal prosperity
that the country is at the present time enjoy
ing. If the bosses didn't have the money to
give the men would' nt strike for It.
I tell \x>u that as to expansion the original
Democratic party stood for expansion, true ex
pansion. (A voice. "Chestnuts'.") That man
who Just cried chestnuts Is probably a good
Democrat and I'll tell him that we'll pile up
more and more of such chestnuts until we've
buried Bryan under them.
Bryan eays gold 1* arrogant and tyrannical.
He savs In time of war jrold will leave a coun
try. We have had a war under a gold admin
istration. Has eold left the country? No, you
know, every one of you men here to-night, that
we are probably better off to-day than we were
before that war which Mr. Bryan eald must
bring- financial disaster In Its train. And so
¦wtth all his prophecies. Even' single doctrine
that Bryan promulgated, every statement he
has made, has proven to be false. Xow, I ap
peal to you, appeal to you as solid men, as men
of common sense, should the false prophet of
IS96 be the President of 1901?
It Is perfectly legitimate for manufacturing
Interests to combine. If by so doing they make
a email profit on the article they sell, and the
purchaser gets It for a fair price. Such In
dustrial combinations are not trusts, but are
a healthy stimulus to trade, ut great as Is a
labor union to the cause nt the working man.
Why. my friends, the trusts (pernicious Indus
trial combinations) were dealt a fatal blow by
a bill introduced by that stalwart* Republican.
now sleeping in an honored grave. John Sher
man, and It was signed by a Republican Presi
dent.
Xow, the full dinner pall the Republican ad
ministration promises and has given you does
not mean merely a full stomach. It means a
full hjpart. a fall pocket, a home full of happi
ness, factories full of prosperous mechanics,
barns full of grain, a full measure of peace,
prosperity and happiness fnr each and all en-
Joying the protection of a liberal, upright, JuRt.
God-fearln:r administration.
Judge Louderback called on the audi
ence to vote a straight Republican ticket.
"Stay with the party that means, and
always will mean, prosperity and prog
ress."
Pages 31 to 40
Pages 31 to 40
SA^ . FR AXCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.
R. PORTER ASHE.
E. MYRON WOLF.
U. S. SENATOR BARD.
S. D. WOODS
hin hotel to Masonic Music Hall by a bant
and ii cheerins crowd of Democrats. A
large audience was present. Mr. SprouCornell Defeats Dartmouth.
ITHACA, N. Y., Oct. 27.— Cornell defeat
ed Dartmouth by a score of 23 to 6. Cor
nell was sufficiently strong to score three
times in the second half. -..' v -¦•¦..
Pennsylvanla "Wins.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 27.—Pennsyl
vania defeated Chicago this afternoon on
Franklin field in thirty minute halves by
the score of 41 to 0. Pennsylvania scored
24 in the first half and 17 in the second.
Only once during the game Were the visi-
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.— Tale defeated
Columbia at Columbia field by the
score of 12 to 5. It was a sur
prising game of football, as the
New Haven boys were expected
by every one to beat the Columbia team
by a heavy score. Columbia started with
an aggressive game and until about eight
minutes of the second half had been
played it looked as if she would repeat
her victory of last year over Yale. Sho
hit Yale's line hard and throughout tho
first half- kept the ball continually in
Yale's territory. Yale was noticeably
plow in lining up, while Columbia was
quick. ''?: '""'>"
There was no attempt by either team at
mass formations or combinations, tho
straight, old-style football, with runs on
YALE WRESTS VICTORY FROM COLUMBIA ON THE GRIDIRON
SALINAS, Oct. 27.— In a game of foot
ball to-day between Watsonville and Sa
linas the latter won by a score of 23
to 0.
WILLOWS, Oct. 27.— The Willows foot
ball eleven to-day defeated the Chlco
Normal team on the - locaJ gridiron by a
score of: 10 to 0. The game was exciting
throughout, both sides playing fast ball.
The local team outgeneraled its op
ponents. The contest was to -decide the
championship of Northern California,
which Chlco formerly held.
Willows Wins at Football.
team in her history of football ever play
fd a harder and more consistent game
than the men put up against Princeton
to-day.
tors within striking distance of Pennsyl
vania's goal. The tackling of Fiehl. Chi
cago's fullback, waa of .the first order.
Illinois Defeated.
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.— In a game replete
with kicking and hard line bucking, -the
University of Michigan football eleven de
feated Illinois University on Marshal
Field this afternoon by a score of 12 to 0.
Victory for Princeton.
PROVIDENCE, R. I.. Oct. 27.— A whirl
wind of mass plays aimed at Brown's left
tackle and guard, a game full of life from
start to finish and a score of 17 to 5 In
favor of Princeton, is the story of the
Brown-Princeton game to-day. No Brown
LA GRANGE, Tf-x., Oct. 27.-Charles
Feaburger, a cotton planter, was shot and
killed by an unknown assassin last night
at Halsted while standing op his gallery.
Cotton Planter Killed.
SPOKANE, Oct. 27.-Jacob Steiner, a
farmer of Marshall, this county, was ar
rested at the Northern Pacific depot at
Spangle this afternoon for drnnkenness
end placed in the Spangle Jail. He made
a rope of his bedding and hanged himself
to-night.
Hangs Himself in Jail.
THERE Is weeping and walllngf
among the collegians at Berkeley,
and the gloom that now hangs
over the campus of the University
of California will not be dispelled
until Thanksgiving day. when the stud
ents and their sympathizers hope for an
overwhelming victory by tlie varsity
eleven, which will retrieve the defeat suf
fered by the freshman team yesterday at
the hands of the cardinal aggrega-tlon.
On the other hand, there is Joy in the
Stanford camp. The splendid victory
achieved by their baby team has aroused
all the latent energy In the wearers of the
cardinal and for the next thirty days they
will wax enthusiastic when they recall
the game. For the score was 5 to 0.
Before the game the Stanford men were
almost ready to concede victory to the
blue and gold, but five minutes after the
whistle blew the signal for hostilities,
they were Imbued with hope, and when
the first half had ended and the score
stood five points In favor of their team,
their hopes went bounding upward and
they saw victory within their grasp.
At this stage Berkeley rooters still had
confidence In their team and cheered on
their representatives with as much fervor
as they had early in the contest. Their
encouraging shouts, however, did not
avail the players and they went down to
-defeat, fighting to the last.
It was an Ideal day for football and an
ideal crowd saw the game. The grand
stand overflowed with an enthusiastic
gathering of rooters and college sympa-
MOMENTS IN THE STANFORD-CALIFORNIA/ FRESHMAN FOOTBALL STRUGGLE ON THE GRIDIRON WHEN THE FOLLOWERS
OF BOTH ELEVENS WERE ON THEIR FEET DELIVERING ENCOURAGING CHEERS ,FOR THEIR RESPECTIVE TEAMS.
Cardfleal Team Siuirpriises E¥erylbody py. oefeatmg tee olnie aeo uolla
¦ oe the Odd ironii by- a Score of 5 to 1 ©.- ¦
the Big Open Event at
Union Park.
e
Slaay Fast Hounds Bunched for
Honors in the Finals — Leashmen
Expect a Day of Good
Sport.
¦ e ;
The run-down of the big *12-dog open
stake yesterday r.t Union Park resulted
in ucoerai eood coursing. Flying Fox, the
etoke £a»>orltc, waa given a hard contest
lor the flag in his run against High Born
Lady. After a nigiu's rest Fox may b© in
the right condition to to through the dif
ferent rounds. His first opponent in to
day"s work is Wedding JieUs. a hound
tnat ran well and made the going easy
for herself againn Prince Hal. virtually j
running the course single-haiidtd. If yes- j
terday's test has any ill tfiect on him
the Curtis dog will have a haid time win
ning his rirst course.
Royal Union, well favored for final hon
ors, was also givrn severe work. Lrlke i
Vox bia cnanct-s Ctpend entirely on the |
effect of ais going in the run-dawn. If j
ho ehowi up weli in the morning it will i
show that His chances have not dimln
isned.
jlui.'s Melody ran with plenty of snap
and sevmed to be better able to go the j
oisumce in this stake than in the cup j
•vent of last week. She Is clever on her
came and looks to Ik; able to get well !
oown on the card. Mayflower, while not
*--&uwlr.g top speed, is not lacking in dov- '
t-rness, and if she is fortunate enough to
fet good hares she will be a contestant ;
or ths big slices of the purst.
Master Kocket ran a great race for a j
young do»f and outworked Tea Rose In '
their course. Inexperience was commenc- j
ing to tell against him though at the fin- j
Isn of the run. and Tlerney's greyhound
would have beaten him had she not kineU. ;
too soon. Rocket is expected to do top- j
notch coursing as he grows older.
Iovra Boy nulled h'mself from the fire In ,
his ro with Lexinrton. He stumbled and ]
before he could recover was twenty ¦
length* to the bad. He joined in and by
clever vcrk on a good hare won out.
Mom led Dewdrop four lengths, but
lXHon's doj? when once on th« frame made
it an interesting course, evened the score
at 12 to 12 and got the kill.
Laiit-s* Choice beat Miss Wilson at 6
to 1 in the best shon-end go of the day.
He overcame a long 1 lead, being unsighted,
and <51d all the work after getting on. The
contestants In the finals should furnish
good sport to-day.
Th« day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
TTnlon Psj-k open etake: First round — Captain
Case's GreenkaU beat D. J. Realy's Lady
Claire. 10-4; Conaell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant
beat D. J. Healy'8 Xovinla, 22-12 : .Russell,
Allen &. Wilson 1 « Weeding Bells beat Ix)\ve &
TTiomiison's Prince Hal. 8-J; Curtis & Sons' I
Flyiritf Fox beat D. E. Wiley's Highborn Lady, I
23-15; H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot beat Cap
tain Kane s Ml* Pfenman, 5-0; J. Kennedy's
Ever Sura beat H. Lynch' ¦ Emma M, 10-S;
I*. J. Reiliye The Grafter beat S. Handy' a
Twin City Olrl. 8-6; Curtis & Sons' McKinley
beax M. Welch's Bendalons. 16-:; J. Keenan's
Sactocia beat J. I. O'Brien's Statesman, 5-4; |
J. Smith's Master Workman beat P. J. Reilly'a
Peter West. 22-5; B. Sliver's Reannex beat
Pacha Kennels' Gold Nugget, 4-3; W. D. Mur
j*y» Cra-wlonl Lo£9 beat P. J. .Rellly'a Moon
bright. 7-C; J. Moriarity's Snapper Garrison
beat E. M. Ke'.logK's Sweet Emma, 12-7; Sterl
& Knowles' Olita beat Russell. Allen & Wii
f=nn's Spiteful, 13-»: C. Bonar's Wild Xora beat
P. C BUck'a Fedora, 18-2; Maher & Reid' a
Bad Boy beat P. C. Buck's Advance Guard.
y-0; J. P. Thrift's Forpet beat Curtis & Sons'
Dcho, 8-4; Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured beat
J. Sheridan 1 e Tin Murphy, »-2; E. M. Kellogg' a
Iowa Maid beat J. Hnljen's Scottish Chief. 1S-9;
P. J. HeiUy-a Warship beat Curtis & Sons'
Cash, 4-3; Captain Oarkson's Headwater beat
I'aaha Kennels' Metallic. 5-2: H. A. Deckel
man's Master Rocket beat T. Tierney'B Tea
Roee. 10-"; Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire beat H.
F. Anderson's Crawford Braes. 4-2: Paeha Ken
nels' Ilomaxi Athlete beat M. Dunlea/s Erin.
¦'•-S; Paaca; Kennels' Fteve d* Amour beat J.
Gold Hill, 5-4; Georre ilcDougal'J
Colonel Lopez beat Lande & Gerber"* Concord.
2-1: Bteri * Knowlee' Sleety Mist beat F. Jones'
Harlean Gladys. 1J-10; L. F. Bartels' Best Bar
train beat J. P. Thrift's St. Michael. 4-0;
l'asna KT.r.els' Random Aim beat Srwln &
Icons' KUver Wlnffs, 9-4; Lande & Gerber'B
Mount I<!a beat P. C. Bliek's La Itosa.'SouYenir,
U-3 Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas beat J. J. E<1
monrtu' Go On. S-2; J. Sutton's Mayflower beat
J. Moriarity's Jimmy Anthony, 6-0; J. Car
roll's Auckland beat Ru*6ell, Allen & Wilson's
Scotland Yet. 6-5; Russell, Allen & Wilsons
Stray Away beat F. Schou's King's Borderer,
fc-5; Ruaeell, Allen & Wilson's First Foot beat
F. Jones' Lovina, S-4; T. W. Bartels' Mac's
Melody beat Floodgate. 8-2; E. M. Kellojrs's
Icm-a Boy beat H. Lynch'o Lexington, 16-10;
Oorg» Whitney's Tteron beat Ersklne & Jones'
Lavender, 19-S; H. A. Deckelman'i Rocker beat
George Eharman's Bowery Boy. 12-1; Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Faithful Lad beat PaEha
Kecnelu' Recording Angel. 3-2; J. Dempsey's
Jincle Bells beat P. C. Bllck's May Lawrence.
f-2; J. H. Perijro's Bone beat Pasha Kennels'
Round About, 6-1; J. Sheridan's Forest Queen
beat Pafha Kennels' Rollicking Airs, »-4; J.
V. Thrift's Tyrone Prince heat Lowe & Thomp
son's St. Oran. 11-7: Pasha Kennels' May
liempMead beat It. E. <ie B. Lopez's Minnie
Wa Wa. 7-8; P. J. Elmo's Cora Pearl beat J.
Keenan's Bleigh B*ll8, 7-3: D. Toland's Pleas
ant Girt beat R. E. <le B. Lor*z'e Crawford
Hex. li-P; P. J. Reilly'e Royal Union beat
I>. J. Healey*e Tan San, 2S-2; P. Jackson's
Oolden liusset beat J. P. Thrift's Brutus 5-3-
Pasha Kennels' Fire Face beat F. Jones'
"Wedgewood. 5-0; l,arker '1 Rock's Ladies'
Cholre beat O. Zahl's Miss Wilson. 9-4; F.
A. McComb's Little Sister beat Lande & G«r
b*T'» R»«-nr1, 7-«; D. Dillon's Dewdrop beat R.
L. Taylor's M«e, 14-12; Georre Parkin»ons
Ben Lomond beat J. E. Chambllle's Hot Foot,
3-2: Georpe Van Berpen's Red Angus beat C n- O
neil Bros.' Bt Helen, 17-10; Pasha Kennels'
P.i*ky Attempt beat Captain Cane's Victor
Queen. J-S.
Talent Picks Him to Win
FLYING FOX IS
STAKE FAVORITE
STANFORD FRESHMEN WIN A GREAT
VICTORY OVER BERKELEY ATHLETES
ADVANCE GUARD
BEATS FLORIZAR
Sensational Match Race
on the Chicago
Track.
Blanket Would Easily Have Covered
the Two From the Drop of th«
Flag Till They Came
Under the Wire.
. « — ; — ¦
CHICAGO. Oct. 27.— The largest crowd
of the season witnessed the match race
between Advance Guard and Florizar,
which was won by Advance Guard after
one of the most sensational struggles ever
6©en on a Chicago track. A blanket
would have covered the two from flag
fall to wire. First- one and **hen the
other would show no*e In front, but
fifty yarda from the wire the Carruth
ers & Shields horse shnwetl his class and
drew away, winning hard ridden by a
neck. The contest proved a gipantlc bet
ting affair. They first opened at .evpn
money. Then piles of money rolled in
on Advance Guard, causing his odds tn
be cut to 7 to 10 and Florizar went up to
6 to 5. The track was fast and th*.
weather like a summer day. Results: "^
Six furlcngra — Pakatuck won. By George ¦••<:
ond. &ownie Ar.-lerscn (bird. Time. 1:11.
One mile, selling— M'tten win. St. Wood sec
ond. Ben iTunce thlrit. Time. 1:W 3-5.
One mile — Anrlrs won. Bell Punch second.
Candle Black third. Time. 1:41.
'Seven furlong* — Slay lieach won. Taynn sec
ond. Peaceful third. Time, 133 3-5 (track rw
ord).\
Match race, one mile and an eighth— Advance
Guard won. Flortzar seernd. Time. 1:53 $-4
Five furlongs — AljcirPtta wen. Money Mu««
second. Pharp Bird third. Time. :.19**.
One mile, gelling -Sir Kingston won. Moront
second. Owenshoro thlr<J. Time. 1:40 3-5.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.— The Clark Me
morial handicap at a mile and a furlong
was the feature of the day at Emplra
City. King Rrarable was the favorite,
but finished back in the ruck. The Ken
sico stakes, the other feature, resulted
in a head finish between Musketeer and
Brandy Smash, the former getting the
decision by a narrow margin. Results:
About six furlongs— Chuctanuna won. God
frey second. Cold Lace third. Time. l:0»U-
One mile and seventy yards — Hammock won.
Asqulth second. West Baden third. Time,
l:45*i.
Kenstco stokes, five furinngs-^The Musketeer
won. Brandy Smash second, Annie Thompson
thJrd. Time, 101. -r v f -
The Clarke Memorial handicap, one mile ami
an eighth— Motley won. McMeckln second,
Withers* third. Time. 1:S3!4.
Five and a half furlongs— Hlm««lf won. The
Regent recond. Maiden third. Time. 1:07.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling-— AlMlce won.
i O"Lea second. Belie of Orleans third. Time,
1:48.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 27.— Results:
Six furlon<rs. selling— The Covenanter worfc^
Orrie Goan second. Whltfleld third. T.:: W
1:15U. J
Six and a half furlongs— Saguenay won,
Caloocan second. Pauline J third. Time, 1:21.
Two miles, selling— Colbert won. Etta second.
Sarllla third. Time. 2:30.
One mile, sueclal — Th« Rnsh won. John
Terkes second. Time. 1:4L Two starters.
Five furlongs, selling— Prince Thyra won.
Ailanto second, Ononmaatus third. Time, l:01Vi-
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Sir Gatian
won. Nettie Regent second. "Winepress third.
Time. 1:47*.
maries:
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 27.— Track fast. Sum-
SelUnz.. «ix forlon«» — Curd Glllock won.
Tony Lapping ' second, Orleans third. Time.
'Seli'lnr, one mile-Percy R won, Will Far
second. Lea Kinc third. Time. 1:42%.
Five and a half furlongs. purs«— Gold Or won.
Frank Bell second. W.J. Baker third. Time,
1-07.
Six furlontrs, handicap— Severts won. Vlc!«
Vance second, Ua;g!e Daris third. Time. 1:13*4.
Selling, one and an eighth mile*- Harilan<l
wo=. Glen Lake «econd. Meddlesome third.
Tinm. 1:«T.
Mil* and seventy yards. pnr»e— Einstein won.
Go Out second. Caotatn Galnes third. Time,
1:45H- • . ¦ -.:--¦-• :.--=*; r
SmPMENT Or YBJJTS
TIED "UP AT VANCOUVER
California Apples and Pears Held Be-
cause of New South "Wales
Quarantine.
VANCOUVER. Oct. 27.— A tig shipment
of California fruit for Australia is in the
Canadian Pacific freight sheds here. It 13
held In bond and there is a serious prob
lem among the customs authorities as to
what can b© done with It Th» shipment
Is from San Francisco and consists ofV
more than 400 large sized boxes of apple* y
and pears. They were destined for Aus
tralia and were to have been shipped by
the last steamer, the Miowera, sailing five
days ago. The vessel refused to carry
them on the ground that the New South
"Wales Government recently declared a
quarantine against California fruit, on the
ground that It was affected with codlin
moth. Inspector Cunningham of this city
says 'that the apples were sent from San
Francisco before this was known and that
therefore no blare can be attached to the
shippers. No arrangements have yet been
suggested for the disposition of the fruit.
• - . - - ¦•-¦¦¦
THE/SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, -OCTOBER 28, 1900.
¦ The men In Class B of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club played a handicap tourna
ment yesterday over eighteen holes on the
Presidio course. The scratcn men, W,H.
La Boyteaux and M. S. Severance, and
the men with the. long handicaps were
alike out of it, first place being taken. by
Captain- H. Rumbaugh, with a score of
105 less 7—98. The full scores are given in
the table:
CAPTAIN H. BTJMBATTGH
WINS GOLF HANDICAP
S. O. and Mrs. Buckbee Capture the
Best Ball Tournaments in
San Rafael. *
1 *No returns. "Scratch.
John Lawson and B. D. Adamaon played
a foursome over nine holes against H. B.
Goodwin and H. D. Pillsbury , the former
couple wlnnlnf 1 up on the last hole.
The first prize In the "best ball" tour
nament on. the San Rafael links was won
by S. G. Buckbee and second prize by R.
Gilman Brown. In the ladles' "best ball'*
tournament; Mrs. S. G. Buckbee,. with a
large handicap, took first prize, and Mrs
F. H. Green second prize." During the
course of the i play Mrs. R. G. Brown
covered the nine holes In 49. which is the
best record made by any lady on the Sau
Rafael course. The full scores follow:
SAN RAFAEL. GOLF CLUB— MEN'S BEST
. BALL, TOURNAMENT.
LADIES* BEST BALL TOURNAMENT.
Runs responsible for — Doyle - 1; ¦ Johnson 6.
Home run — Stanley. . ? Three-base hits — Mc-
Carthy, Courtney. Sacrifice hit— Hanlon; t First
base on errors— Sacramento 4,- Stockton 2. V First
base on called balls— Doyle 2, ¦ Johnson 9. Let t
on bases — Sacramento 9, . Stockton 8. - Struck
out— By Doyle 1. Hit- by pitcher— McCarthy,-
McHale. Double play— McHale to Streib. Time
of. game — 1:45. Umpire — McDonald.? Official
Bccrer— L C. Nathan. '
SUMMARY.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento .0 0 4 0 0 12 0—7
Base hits 0 0 1 10 1 12—6
Stockton :...... 1 0 0.1 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 2 0 0 2 111 0-7
AB. R.BH. SB.PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f.. ..'... 8 11 18 0 0
McGucken, o. f 4030 100
Moore, 8b 3 0 0 0 3 0 1
Streib, lb ...4 0 00 7 0'0
McHale. r. I. S 0 0 0 110
Graham, c. 4 0 0 0 2 10
Babbitt, ¦. 8 S 10 1 1 1 .2
Courtney, 2b. 8 0 2 0 6 0 0
Johnson, p ...8 0 1 0 0 2 1
Totals 80 2 7 2 24 10. 4
Totalt 80 . 7 6 1 24 ]1
STOCKTON.
Senators Get Another.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 27.— The Gilt Edges
easily defeated Stockton to-day, the score
at the end of the eighth inning, when the
game was called on account of darkness,
being 7 to 2. Youngey Johnson, who
pitched for Stockton, passed nine men to
first on called balls and was responsible
for five of the seven runs. The feature
of the game was an "over-the-fencer" by
Stanley, which brought in three runs.
Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, 8b 8 110 2 2 0
Sheehan. c. f ..4 2 10 0 0 0
Stanley, o :.. 4 11 0 6 1 1
Knean, s. «... 4 10 0 0 3 0
Doyle, p.... 8 1.0 0 0 2 0
McLaughlin, L f 4 *0"-2 12 0 0
Hanlon. lb 2 " 0 0 0 8 0 0
Hushes, r. f... :.'8 1 •"• 113 1 0
Stuitz. 2b S 0 0 0 4 2 2
- Time. 2:06%, 2:09 2:06.
i Five and a half furlongs, tnree-y ear-old s> and
upward, purse $250— Devftreaux, 8 to 6 (Fraw
ley), 114, won; Canejo,.7to 1 (Stuart), 114. sec
ond; Castellar, 6 to 1 (RuBsein. 119, third. Tims.
1:0$. William O'B, Cowboy, Hlznera and Angel
Bnbby also ran. -naMmaMSpMHIlBHi
• ¦; Six-' furionRTs. three-year-olds and upward,
purse ; $250— Gusto. ? 2 to 1 (Ruiz), 112, won;
Araasa, 3 to 5 (Frawley), 111, eecond; Hacienda,
3:10,1 (J. Narvaei). 114. third. Time. 1:15ft.
Croker,' Homestake and Wilmeter also ran.
Five and a half furlonss. three-year-olds and
upward — Alarla, ,1 to 2 (Fauntleroy), 109, won;
Centlnella. . 8 to l: (Lee), 109, second; Jonnie
Glbb. 6 to ; 1 ( J. - Narvaea). ¦» 109, third. Time,
l;08V4. ' Proclamation : and Miss Vera also ran.
One mile, three-year-olds and upward, purse
$£00 — Loconomo./even* (J. > Narvaez). 116, won;
Kenroe. 4 ;to 1 (Lee>,' t 98. second ; Romany, 10
to 1 (Fauntleroy). .37, third. Thne, 1:42. Ex
pedient, Crutch, Rey.del San. Juan, Little Sla
ter and Athas also ran. v • . -v ...- ¦ .
Five and a half furlongs. • three-year-olds and
upward. ; purse $250— Good Hope,- 3 to 10 (Ruiz),
114,. won; The Miller. 2V4 to 1 - (Fauntleroy), -114,
second: Limber Jim, 7 to 1 (Wall). 109, third.
Time, 1:09%. Lady. Helolse. and Nettle Clark
also ran. ¦ - . •
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 27. — The race
meeting of the Sixth District Agricul
tural "Association closed to-day, 3000 per
sons being in attendance. The 2:16 pace
was won -In straight heats by Hettie G
under a pull. Devereaux, at 3 to 2, won
the five and a half" furlong event by a
neck from Canejo, an outsider. Gusto, at
2 to 1, won the three-quarters of a mile
race. by a head from Amasa, a 3 to 5 fa
vorite, in a whipping finish.
, The five and "a half furlongs event went
to Alaria, the favorite at 1 to ; 2. Centl
nella looked like a winner, but the favorite
poked his nose in front and captured first
money. Expedient was well played to win
the mile race, but he . got off badly and
could not make up the distance. Locono
mo, at evens, won by , a *> neck from Ben
roe. Good Hope was a cinch in the five
and a half furlongs, winning easily. She
was 3 to 10 In the DettJng. Dora Doe had
a walkover, in the 2:19 trot. Summary:
i-M pace, purae $1000: "
Hetty G (Blue) ....;;.: Ill
Little Thorne (Thompson and Jeffreys).. 2 2 3
Sclock (Llpson) ............ 8 3 2
Heats by Hetty Q.
CLOSE OF LOS ANGELES BACES
Two-Sixteen Pace -Won in Straight
two for 14, three for 25. four for 81. five for 24.
•Ix for 89, seven for 59. eight for 60, nine for
6*. ten for 66.
SUMMARY OF BOWLJNO.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
Ward Jr.... 62 10 3 3
Fcrtmann 42 IS 2 1
Croll ... 48 12 1 6
"Ward Sr 30 20 1 0
"Ward Jr. bowled one* wide.
To-day the visitors will play against the
Pacific eleven on the same ground.
Totals ...... ...... .80 4 .7 0 27-16 2
•Sullivan- out for' cutties first base.:
AB. R.BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. cf 3 1 f 0 0 2 0/ 0
Hlldebrand. rf. . 4 0.00 20 0
Krusr. 6. ¦ 4 1 1 0 4 2 0
Pabst lb 4 1,2 0 .'12 0 1
Schwartz. 2b 4 0 1 Oil 0
Sullivan, c 3 1 1 0 3 3 1
Levy. If. 3 0 1 01. 0 0
Rellljr. Sb S 0 0 0.18 0
Iburg, p. .2 -0 1 0 1 6 0
Totals S3 3 9 5 »23 16 3
SAN FRANCISCO. - V
Although the 6core of the game at Rec
reation grounds yesterday afternoon was
close enough to be exciting, few heart
palpitations were produced by the very
proper and gentlemanly baseball perform
ed by the Athenians and the Wasps. The
Wasps did their stinging In the sixth in
ning, when a brace of runs on two hits
topped Oakland's run achievement by a
single stroke. The 6core, 4 to 3, at tho
end of the sixth, was respected by both
parties and remained unchanged.
Iburg was on the slab for Frisco, and
although he did not pitch remarkable ball
was always on deck at critical times with
a series of "unsolvables." Borchers
twirled for the Dudes in good style. He
was found only seven times.
In the first inning Oakland led off with
a run. Drennan did a bit of single work,
committed petty larceny in gaining an
other point, advanced a station on a wild
throw and scored on Francks' hit. The
score was soon tied. Brockhoff, who found
himself safe on first on Francks* error,
scoring on a good single by Pabst to far
The second Inning registered a run for
Borchers and later on one for Sullivan,
whose two-bagger and a couple of timely
hits by assisting friends enabled him to
score thus making the board read two all.
The tie was shattered in the fifth, when
Francks crossed the rubber for the Dudes
after two deaths. In the next inning the
Hanksmen won the game. Krug and
Pabst. singled and Sullivan, who swatted
a stiff Jolter to left field, scored both.
"Sully" was too anxious to reach third,
so he cut the second bag out of his course
and was promptly cut out of the game
for a time by Hughle Smith for so doing.
The score: OAKLAND .
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. cf/ | 1 1 1 " .1 0 0
Mosklman. 2b 3 0 1 1 1 3 1
Hutchinson. lb SO 1,0 8 2 0
Borchers. P 4 1 10 1 3 1
Lohman. c 3 0 0 0 B 1 0
Bowman. If * 0 X 0 0 0 0
Kelly. 3b 3 0 1 1. 2^ 1 0
but No Exciting Features.
Close Score for First of the Series,
HANK'S MEN WIN.
CITY CRICKETERS BEAT
SANTA CRTJZ VISITORS
Alameda Eleven Proves. Too Strong
for the Team From the . •
¦ ' Seaside.
The team of the Santa Cruz Country
Club Cricket Club played a match yes
terday against the Alameda eleven on the
ground at Webster street, Alameda, and
lost by 82 runs. Alameda. went to the
bat first with Saundert'and Hogue, who
got set and were not separated until 83
I runs had been recorded. The second wick
et fell at 90 and the next two added noth
ing td the total. Seebeck compiled 22
runs arid Stahl and Richter made double
figures," the innings closing for the re
spectable total .of 148 runs. For the visit
ors Dickson bowled most successfully;
capturing five wickets. None of the San
ta Cruz batsmen made much of a stand
against the Alameda bowlers, Gellatly's
14 being the highest score on his side.
When six wickets were down for 39 runs
victory for the Alamedas seemed certain
and they won by 148 against 66. Croll and
Harold Ward dldv their side good service
the former taking five wickets and tho
latter capturing three. • The full scores
follow: - ¦ !£¦%' '- ; - >
AliAMBDA CKICKET CLUB.
X- H. SaunuerB,- hit wicket, b. Coop*.'... 83
R. B. Hoeue, c. Bowley/ b. Dlckaon.. 46
V. Seebach. b. ; Bowley.. J ... 22
F. Crell.'b. Dickson...... ."". 0
W. G. ¦' Fortmann, c. Sheath, b. Dlckaon 0
H. Ward Jr., c. Sheath, b. mckaon.. ........ S
H. WardSr.. b." Dickson............... V....... 1
F. 8tahl. not out.. 13
W. Richter. -b. ¦ Sheath.... ;...... 10
Etigar Wartl, not out.....:.'.. " 8
B. Bird, absent •"— , 0
Extras 7
Total .148
.' Runs at the. fall of each wicket— One for 83,
two for 90, . three for 90, four ¦ for 90, ~ five, for
115, six for 117, . seven for 117, elrht for : 1S7,^
nine for 14S. . ¦ ' • ' . ~-\ -
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R, M. W
Bowley ...... /....166 63 8 1
Sheath 36 28 0 1
Dickson *0 22 4 6
Jenkins ....................... 12 '¦¦ 1 0.0
Coope .....30 21 0 0
Bowley and .: Coope each , bowled two wides
and Sheath one wide. V'jSStSuHBBMSHHBj
SANTA CRUZ COUNTRY CLUB.,.,
A. Jenkins; cBtahl.b.i Ward Jr 4
A.:Bowley, c. and b. Fortman..... 6
A. G.' Sheath, c. Stahl, b. Croll ... .:..... .... : : 11
J.-F. Coope, l.>b.'.w..-b.;Croll.... 3
E. 'D.'.Dickson; jb.i Croll ;....:.. ~.:.\";.. ;"...::.. .."7-6
H. F. Anderson. c.;and b. Croll..........: 1
P.. D.; GeUathr./not: out.... .................... 14
A: Fortescue. ? b. «Croll ....V.V.;. 13
B., Day," b.- Ward Jr.... ............. ...: 0
F. ' W.r Stansf eld, run out.....'.................. 0
H. Thomas, c."Hogue, b. Ward Jr.... 1
Extras- '. '....... .7
:V Total 66
¦ ¦ Runs \ at . the ¦ fall of . each wicket— one ' for 6,. ,
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. '
Oakland 1 10 0 10 0 0 0—3
f Base hits 2 1 2 0 1 2 10 0—9
San Francisco 1 10 0 0 2 0 0 •— i
Base hits ..1 3 0 1.0 2 0 O"*— 7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Iburg 1. Two-bass hits
— Francks 2, SulUvan. Sacrifice hits— Lohman.
Sullivan, Kelly. First base on errors— Oakland
1, San Francisco 2. First base on called balls-
Oakland 6, Ban Francisco 2. Left on bases-
Oakland S, San Francisco 2. Struck out— By
Borchers 4, by Ibwir 3. Time of • game— 1:00.
Umpire— H. Smith. Official scorer— J.W. Sta-
I'loton. .
Both teams came on - the field In the
second half freshened and ready to fight
every inch of the way. The pigskin moved
up and down the field considerably in this
half. Both teams had to give the ball up
because they could not make their dis
tance. The half was full of features.
Sherman made two brilliant runs around
left end. Kennedy plunged through holes
made by Young and gained yards every
time his team needed it. Lunt, the prom
ising Varsity left end, was compelled to
leave the game by reason of a dislocated
shoulder, and It Is probable that he will
not be able to resume his playing this
season. Coach Yost In his excitement
told his team what to do, . and Murphy
penalized his college mates. The brilliant
forty-yard run made by Sherman counted
for naught, as his interference held Bans
bach just as the little quarter was ready
to tackle the runner. Taylor's straight
bucks earned his team many yards.
Fautz, fullback for Berkeley, worked
hard, but the Stanford players played even
harder. When the whistle blew the end
of - the game Stanford had the ball on
Berkeley's forty-yard line. . ...
Pandemonium broke loose as the game
ended. The Stanford students rushed on
the field and grabbed "Captain Bansbach
and Yost and carried them around the
field on their shoulders. The yell leader
headed the cardinal band and 400 happy
Stanford students marched yelling over
the field. It was a striking picture and was
enjoyed by everybody who did not wear
the blue and gold colors.
when time was called.
During the intermission Coaches Kelly
ami Yost took their respective teams in
hand and pointed out mistakes that could
be remedied, and the weak spots of the
rival team.
thizers. Pretty girls wearing the colors
of the rival colleges waved their flag's and
ribbons after every exciting play. The
volume of sound that poured forth from
the student bodies of both universities
could have been heard a mile away. Both
colleges had their bands In attendance
and enlivening inarches were played dur
ing the intermission and before the game.
A great deal of badinage flew back and
forth among the students and this was a
source of amusement to the spectators.
Stanford was reminded that Berkeley still
possessed their ax, but the Palo Alto boya
only howled their derision. Tho rah, rah,
rah of Stanford and the Osky! Wow!
Wow! of Berkeley rent the air throughout
the game.
Coach Yost received a glad reception by
his Stanford friends and Coach Kelly was
greeted with the Princeton yell by the
blue and gold rooters. -When "Loll"
Pringle, captain of the California varsity
team, came on the field in a carry-all, he
was cheered as was also Overall, the
giant freshman, who was disbarred from
playing by reason of charges of profes
sionalism being filed against him by Stan
ford. ¦ •
Stanford's team was first on the field
and a great shout greeted them. I The
wearers of the cardinal did not put much
life Into their practice and the hearts of
their friends dropped many degrees. The
cheers that greeted the Berkeley boys as
they trotted on the field, dressed in new
sweaters with conspicuous '"04," was
double that accorded their rivals. This
was due to the presence of twice as many
rooters as Stanford had.
Berkeley won the toss and chose the
eastern goal. Stowe, with a mighty kick,
put the tall into play and the game was
on. Kennedy caught the pigskin and ran
Punts— Two place kicks by Stowe of thirty
flve and forty- five yards; one by " Frederickson
of forty yards; Patterson punted thirty, thlrty
flve and forty yards; Fauts punted thlrty-flvo
yards In touch.
Officials: Referee — Cheater Murphy, captain
Stanford, '99; umpire — Percy Hall, left half,
captain California, f J8-'S3.
Linesmen— J. Allen Clay, left »uard, Califor
nia, '99-'00, and Charles Flckert, captain Stan
ford. '98.
Timekeepers — Dave Brown. Stanford, and
Everett Brown. California,
Length of halves— 33 minutes.
Attendance 2500. Football weather. Ground
In splendid condition.
Runs— Two by Sherman round left end, net
ting forty and thirty yards; Fautz ran In twen
ty yards on • kick-off and twenty yards mora
¦with Interference. -
Goal missed by Patterson.
Berkeley's defeat has created a sensa
tion in college circles. The team waa
picked by the wise ones to roll a big score
against the cardinal, and its failure to do
so has caused light pocket-books In the
ranks of the California cohorts.
Following are the weights and the line-up
of the teams:
Wt. Stanford. Position. California. Wt
150-147 Lunt & Moore. L. E. It Williams 149
175 Kennedy L. T. R Ramsaur 1S4
175 Young I* G. R Stowe 183
179 McFadden Center Phillips 162
174 Frederickson R. G. I* Hector ISO
185 Hall R.T. LwSavagel6S, Kraft 135
ISO Patterson R. K. L 'Buchanan 155
150 Bansbach (capt.). Quarter Rowland 149
150 Stanford L. H. R..... Whipple- 175
155 Lemmon R. It. I*... Sherman 139
153-168 Clark, Taylor.Fullback Fautz 173
164 Average Weight 1S8
•Starr (captain) unable to play on account of
Injuries.
Score: Stanford 5, Berkeley 0.
Touchdown by Kennedy. • --
five yards, when he Btumbled over his
own Interference. On the first play Clark
gained a few yards and on the next play
Bansbach fumbled, but regained the ball.
On the third down Lemmon gained the
distance. Lunt tried an end run, but was
forced back. On the third down Kennedy
tried a straight buck, but failed to gain
an Inch. It was Berkeley's ball on the
thirty-yard line. On the very first play
Sherman fumbled and Patterson fell on
the ball. Stanford could do nothing and
was forced to kick. Fautz caught it and
was downed in his tracks. On lining up
Rowland passed the oval to Fautz, who
punted high but In touch.
Stanford, by using Frederlokson, Lem
tnon and Clark, brought the ball down
to Berkeley's twenty-nve-yard line. Lunt
was laid low and time was taken until
he recovered his senses. During the wait
the Berkeley rooters abjured their team
to "Hold them, California," and the blue
and gold team stiffened its line and se
cured the ball on Its own twenty-yard
line. Fautz made a short run and two or
three bucks brought the ball near the
center of the Held. Fautz fumbled at this
critical moment, and then - Stanford got
the ball. The wearers of > "the cardinal
then bucked their way to Berkeley's goal
and, despite the herculean defense put up
by iho latter team," Kennedy waa pushed
over for a touchdown. • That the play was
hot at this . stage of the ga,me 'was evi
denced by men belnj? knocked out after
every scrimmage. Patterson had what
looked to be an easy goal, but he failed
In his attempt. Score: Stanford 5, Berke
ley 0.
Again 8towe kicked off for Berkeley.
Hall fumbled the catch and Bansbach fell
on the ball. Stanford bucked the line and
brought the ball to the forty-yard line,
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oct. 27.— Harvard
defeated the Carlisle Indian football team
to-day. 17 to 5. In the first half tha
Indians clearly outplayed Harvard, but
as usual In the second half they could not
keep up their fast work. The Harvard
team was inferior on the offense, and the
Indians Defeated.
the end and attacks at the line, being fol
lowed. The teams were evenly matched
as to weight, though Yale had the ad
vantage in the center of the line, hertrio
of Captain Brown, Olcott and Sheldon at
left guard and right guard being hard to
beat- Columbia made up for this, how
ever, back of the line. 1 ale's team aver
aged 184 pounds and Columbia's 180'^.
' Touchdowns — Hale 2. Weeks . 1. -—
Goals from touchdowns — Hale 2.
defense could not hold the Indians for
downs until late In the second half. The
weather was very poor for football. Tho
crowd, however, numbered 20,000 despite
the drizzling rain. .
32
PLAYERS.
Gross.
Handicap, j
1J
"0
:i
.- 8 .
8
4
8
14
S
Net.
8. G. Buckbee.'. ........
R- G. Brown
R.J. Davis
F. H. Green ...:;..
H. O. Howltt
A. A. Curtis
M. Dore
C. P. Pomeroy ........
F. N. Lafavor... .:....
P. H. Johnson..........
Major C. Chrtstensen..
50
49
4*5
69
43
51
53
5t
57
61
62
33
40
43
44
43
45
47
47
49
60
53
1st 2d H'n-
COMPETITORS. R'd R'd Or*es d'c'p Net
Capt. H. RumbauEh 61 64 105 7 »8
I-. B. Edwards £.9 68 117 17 100
L. Monteagle 60 59 119 ' 13 101
Warren Gregory... 63 63 1W 1 105
W.H. La Boyteaux (2 53 110 •• 110
R. V. Watt 68 66 134 10 124
M. S. Severance... 72 56 128 •• 128
"Dr. Clark
•S. G. Buckbee
PLAYERS. Gro88. Handicap. [Net
Mrs. S. O. Buckbee.... «7 30 I 37
Mra. F. H. Green...... 65 12 I 43
Mra. R. O. Brown.... 48 0 | 44
PLAYERS.
1st 2d H'n-
COMPETITORS. R'd R'd Or*es d'c'p Net
Capt. H. RumbauEh 61 64 105 7 »8
I-. B. Edwards £.9 68 117 17 100
L. Monteagle 60 59 119 ' 13 101
Warren Gregory... 63 63 1W 1 105
W.H. La Boyteaux (2 53 110 •• 110
R. V. Watt 68 66 134 10 124
M. S. Severance... 72 56 128 •• 128
"Dr. Clark
•S. G. Buckbee
PLAYERS.
Gross.
Handicap, j
1J
"0
:i
.- 8 .
8
4
8
14
S
Net.
8. G. Buckbee.'. ........
R- G. Brown
R.J. Davis
F. H. Green ...:;..
H. O. Howltt
A. A. Curtis
M. Dore
C. P. Pomeroy ........
F. N. Lafavor... .:....
P. H. Johnson..........
Major C. Chrtstensen..
50
49
4*5
69
43
51
53
5t
57
61
62
33
40
43
44
43
45
47
47
49
60
53
PLAYERS. Gro88. Handicap. [Net
Mrs. S. O. Buckbee.... «7 30 I 37
Mra. F. H. Green...... 65 12 I 43
Mra. R. O. Brown.... 48 0 | 44
PLAYERS.
SENT FREE TO MEN !
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed ' to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men wha
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back.
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
" The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct V,
to the desired location, giving strenjet!**^
and development just where It la needed. '
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, J2S Klektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their tree trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute 13 de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy it Is to b« cirred -« sex-
ual weakness when the prrper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free. sample, carefully sealed In s.
plain package, so that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to write with-
out delay. '
"He who talks too much will hear many
things •: about . himself that are not very
complimentary. SSSBEHB^^Kfl
. Joseph T. : O'Connor,. Democratic^candi-^
date for Justice of the Peace/ is growing*
stronger every day. The people recognize
his ability and integrity.. ¦. '^.-¦,*';V
* 3 k4 i] Em £)¦ IB ¦ j * A
BADWAt'S READ* KKtlK** **» «tob«
unrivaled before the public for W *5*™ *ii*
Pain Remedy. It Instantly reUeves aad^ «"£»*
cures all Cold*, fior. Throats. Ioflueaa*. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. N«uraa«Ja»
Headache, Toothache and all I^o* ffiggSj
for Malaria and all B<nr«J Pato*. All «ru«l»t*.
W&P*^ Fishing* Tackle Imd ?port!nj
?^ Goods. The lantent itock on
the Paelflo Coart of erery «e»prtpt»on. Sena *
cents In postage »tamp« for th« latest so-i~i*<»
Illustrated catalogue. No. 4-
LADDtS GUN STORE,
For years physicians have experimented
In vain seeking a remedy which would
effectually cure piles and similar rectal
troubles without resorting to surgical
operations. » ; ¦.¦
Many (?alves, ointments and other reme-
dies were found to give only temporary
relief, but none could be depended upon
to make a lasting, satisfactory cure.
Within the past few years, however, la
remedy called the Pyramid Pile Cure has
been repeatedly tested in hundreds of
cases and with highly satisfactory results.
The first effect of this remedy Is f.o in-
Ftantly remove the pain and irritation and
from that time on the cure rapidly pro-
cTPPse?, a-nd before the patient is hardly
aware of it he Is entirely cured.
The Pyramid Pile Cure seems to act di-
rectly upon the nerves and blood vessels '
of t'he parts affected, as it comes into
direct contact with them and sets up* a
healthy action which in a perfectly nat-
ural way reduces the swelling and in-
¦ • tianamation.
The Pyramid Pile Cure performs the
cure without pain or inconvenience to the
pufferer and is Justly considered one of
the most meritorious discoveries of mod-
ern medicine.
Files Is a most annoymj? and often-
times dangerous disease with which hu-
manity is afflicted. If neglected it fre-
quently develops into fistula or some fatal
or Incurable rectal trouble, whereas by
the timely use of this simple but effective
remedy no one need suffer a single day
from any form of piles.
The Pyramid Pile Cure is perfectly
harmlesp, contains no mineral poison,
opiate or dangerous drug of any kind.
It is in suppository form composed of
emollient oils and astringents, and Is ap-
plied at night and absorbed into the parts
affected during Blerp. ' •_«*
¦ M Tff afiSy^&ro* the wn-ftrh-
liable Pile Cure.
Physicians Have Been Seeking a Re-
FOR MANY YEARS
> SAN DIEGO, Oct. 27.— The : California and
Oriental ¦ steamer ; Bergenhus - arrived , her* at
noon k from , Hongkong and .Yokohama with a
lars-e cargo, ; Including 7000 chests of tea for
this > port. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJ3VEETISEI£ENTS.For the Pacific Cable.
SYDNEY. N. S. "WV; Oct. 27.— The bill
enabling New South Wales to join with
the other colonies of Great Britain in the
construction of the Pacific cable has
passed all stages without opposition.
Rebels Were Slaughtered.
LONDON. Oct. 28.— A special dispatch
from Shanghai says a battle was fought
between Imperial troops and rebels Oc
tober 23 - and that tho rebels were ulti
mately routed, 600 of them being slaugh
tered.
in Court.
STOCKTON. Oct. 27.— The friends of
Miss Mary Frascr. who has been detained
in the Pacific Hospital by her father, P.
B. Fraser. swore out a writ of habeas
corpus to-night and served papers on Dr.
Fred P. Clark, manager of the hospital,
and P. B. Fraser. ordering them to pro
duce the young lady in court on Monday
at 2 o'clock to show why she should not
be restored to competence. This step was
taken, so those who have opposed her de
tention say. to keep her from being re
moved from the city, as they claim that
she was to be taken away to-morrow.
MISS FRASER'S FRIENDS
BRING LEGAX ACTION
Notice Served on Asylum Manager
to Produce the Young Woman
general manager of the Grand Trunk
Railway system, who has accepted the
offer of the presidency of the Southern
Pacific Railroad in succession to the late
C. P. Huntington, will sever his connec
tion with the Grand Trunk at the ter
mination of his present engagement with
that road on January 1 next, and will
leave Montreal soon after the first of the
new year.
He declined to Bay whether any names
had been considered, by -the Grand Trunk
directorate In connection with his prob
able successor.
EAYS TO RESIGN ON
FIRST OF NEW YEAR
Will Sever Connection With Grand
Trunk ' to Accept Southern
Pacific Presidency. /;
MONTREAL, Oct. 27.— Charles M. Haya,
27. — The rebel captain. Novlclo, has been
tried by a military commission at Bailar.
Xorthern Luzon, charged with burying
alive a seaman named McDonald. of Lieu
tenant Gilmore's Yorktown party. Novt
cio was found guilty and sentenced to
death. The commission's sentence Is now
in the hands ot" General MacArthur for
approval.
Testimony was produced at tho trial
showing Xoviclo also caused the death cf
Vcuville, another member of Lieutenant
Gilmore's party, by delivering him iruo
the hands of the native tribesmen known
as Ilogrotcs, who, under the pretext of
going fishing, lured Veuville into the
woods and murdered him with two Span
ish friends, who were Vp.nville's fellow
captives. The tribesmen bound Veuville.
opened his veins* and sucked his blood
until he was dead. The evidence also
showed that Xovicio killed a Filipino
named Rodriguez, who was suspected of
being friendly to *.he Americans. General
Wheaton has approved the commission's
sentence.
SZCSTE3TCED TO DEATE FOS
BUHYING A MAN ALIVE
Findings of the llilitcry Court In
the Case of Insurgent Cap
tain Novicio.
MANILA. Oct. 24. via Hongkong. Oct.
. King maintained his cool demeanor to
the last and did not appear to be greatly
affected by the verdict.
Closing' arguments In the trial began be
fore the jury yesterday in the Superior
Court. Attorney l^eimon. for the defense,
occupied most of the day. Mr. Ryan clos
ed for the prosecution, asking for a ver
dict of murc'or in the first degree.
Jurige Angellotti charged the jury at
length and at 10:30 o'clock last, night it
was locked up for the night. At 1 o'clock
this morning it announced that a decision
had been reached. Court was convened
and the-ver<lict received.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 28.— J. E. King, the
slayer of S. H. Church at Two Rock last
July, has been found guilty of manslaugh
ter. The jury brought In the verdict at
1:25 o'clock this morning. Judge Angel
lottl will sentence King on Monday, No
vember 5.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Rafael Prisoner Maintains His
Cool Demeanor Throughout
the Closing Day of
His Trial.
Sentence to Be Pronounced
.on Church's Murderer
November 5.
SLAYER KING
CONVICTED OF
MANSLAUGHTER
Mrs. Clara Greenberg died at her home
in this city laat night. Mrs. Greenberg
was the mother of ' Mrs. I* Tausslg,
Samuel C, Max C. and Sampson Green
berg. -'; -••i'-;
Death of Mrs. Clara Greenbsrg.
eye. EMbblA took exception to a remark
made by Monroe at the meeting and
called at the latter's office in the Mills
building yesterday to have it out. When
seen last night Monroe laughingly re
marked that he was out of Sutro and
Dibble was out for his father and they
had had a few words and a "scrap."
YOUTHFUL SMOKER MEETS WITH
GRIEF BY THE SAD SEA WAVES
PoHcemami % Scam Iain Varies Monotony of His 66 Fog
District " Beat by Enforcing Ancient Law.
reported, to the police that robbers en
tered his store . on Wednesday last, ab
stracted (230 from the safe and mads their
escape.
During the afternoon Silver stepped on
to the sidewalk and conversed with a
friend for a moment. When he returned
to the store he noticed that the door of
the safe was open, and a further exam
ination showed that one of the smaller
compartments had been forced and Its
contents stolen. It is supposed that tha
robbers gained entrance through a rear
door.
Frank Silver, proprietor of the Usbon
bargain store at 89 Jackson street, has
ROBBERS LOOT A STORE
SAFE DT THE DAYTIME
They Secure Two Hundred and Fifty
Dollars Though tho Proprietor
Is Close at Hand.
I>an O'Callaghan elred the Jinks and ht»
labors were by no means light, so heavy
was the material for entertainment. Earlr
in the evening Captain Leall told a few
of his inimitable stories in his inimitable
style. Jack Desmond. Clarence Wendell
and Jack Sieberst followed with songs
that called for encores. Frank Thompson
was heard in several old and new ballads.
The Filipino orchestra In a few selections
gave way to Harry Melville ani Di^k
Whelan in tales and stories once told.
The main purpose of the evening: was
the presentation of the large picture of
the last club run to Mission San Jose.
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan delivered
the presentation speech In apt and fitting
terms.
After the midnight hour the professional
talent drifted in. Billy Hallett and sev
eral of his minstrel friends were on tha
card. So was Bob Mitchell and many
other entertainers whore lightest word
was laugh provoking.
I Refreshments were served in the sida
room and between the entertainment and
the ever-filled glass the Bay Citys divided
their time in genial fellowship.
Merriment, loud and sustained, was tha
reigning feature of the smoker given oy
the Bay City Wheelmen last night at their
clubrooms on Golden Gate avenue.
Gathered around In Informal fashion tho
members listened to stories, songs and
instrumental selections. Every manner of
lively entertainment was provided for
their delectation.
BAY CITY WHHm.Tvryff
ECTJOY AN" "AT HOME"
Presentation of a Picture by Judgo
Kerrigan and a Merry
Jinks.
The captain detailed D«tectlv« Bailey
to call upon Mrs. Bates and he reported
that he had shown her a photograph of
Joyce and she at once recognized it a*
that of her son. George Bate*. She said
that bv his conduct he had broken her
heart and she had not seen him for years.
When Joyce was asked if Mrs. Bates
was his mother he laughed an. eaid that
she was greatly mistaken, as h!s mother
lived nearly 4000 miles from this city.
It was definitely leaxned last night that
Joyce was right and Mrs. Bates wrong in
her identification. Bigamist Bates is serv
ing a five year sentence In Joliet (Il!.>
Penitentiary and the son, of Mrs. Bates is
living in New York.
That man George Joyce Is no ether than
George Bates, the much-married man. His
mother and one of his Bisters, a Mrs. N'orton.
e.re living at Vlcksburjr and Jersey streets. A
Mrs. Smith 13 another sister. Bates la a drum
mer. His wife and sweetheart is & fake. The
New York merchant 1» a fake, too. Saw pic
ture In the papers. * «
Yesterday morning Mrs. BeLe Humph
rey, who claims that she Is one ot
Joyce's wives, and Miss Nellie Hamilton,
the young girl who was arrested Thurs
day night for bringing whisky to Joyce
in the prison and was discharged next
morning by Judge CorJan. called upon
Joyce. They brought an offe'Ing of two
roses, to which was pinned a. note, which
read:
Dear George: Accept this little token from
your sincere friends. V. X. X. Ot
Doorkeeper Hlckey declined to allow
them to see Joyce.
It is impossible to estimate the number
of women who came under Joyce's influ
ence. One married woman at least In Los
Angeles is a victim to his wiles, as tho
following letter will show:
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Oct. 21.
Dear George: Keeelved your letter yeaterda?
and was glad you wrote a little lon»w on« this
time. Of course, you must not expect a v*ry
If n* or a very rood letter from me. I havw to
¦wTite all my letter* on the cars. I don't want
even the folks to know that I know where you
are or that I ever hear from you. That was
the great trouble before: every one knew too
much of our business, and that always crm
chance for talk and makes tnwMe. You asK
me If Ed is rood to me. Well. yea. sood
enouph. but he has a cold, distant dlsponltlon
Uiat don't agree with mine. You kaow you
always said you liked me because I was so
lc/vlns. Well. I like a lorvlne disposition my
self, and that is the reason yoa and I always
made up after a quarrel. 'Well. Oeorsr«, fce as
pood as possible and always tell me the truth
r bcut everything and there will come a reward
for you yet. Don't be discouraged and k«ep
out of trouble. If only I had known a year
rpo what I do now you and I would have been,
rrarried to-day. Oh. how I would nave loved
to have been with yon all these laat few
menths. and" I never would have been blue as
I am now. Blue, sick and downhearted Is
what I am and I hardly dar* to think of our
*ood old times. Mow. Geonjw, do come down
here for a little while before you go any fur
ther away. Excuse me for clo«ln*; so soon, be
cause my train is coming. Oood-by. Write
soon. ROSEBUD, box 340.
Captain Seymour received tho following
anonymous letter yesterday:
George W. Joyce, the alleged forger,
bigamist and robber, was taken from tho
City Prison yesterday afternc n by De
tective Hawley of Los Angeles and they
left by last evening's train for that city,
where Joyce will have to star.d trial on
the charge of forgery.
Very I«oving letter Received From
a Former Sweetheart of the
Alleged Forger in Los
Angeles.
Accused of Being Notorious
Bigamist Now n Jolie
Penitentiary,
JOYCE IS TAKEN
TO LOS ANGELES
BY A DETECTIVE
OAKLAND, Oct. 27.— A marriage license
was issued to-day to Cass Lord Gilson.
aged 23, and Ruby Rose Brown, IS, both
of Oakland.
License to Marry.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. Oct. 27.— John
Bundock. a wealthy resident of San, Fran
cisco, was found dead in bed at the Nich
ols Hotel here to-day. He was on his
way to Chesterford. England, to prove his
claim to a valuable estate. The deceased
became ill from heart trouble, stopped
here and died.
Died on the Way.
Mr. Lane said the Democratic party of
to-day ¦was pleading with the Almerican
people to be true to their ideals, true to
the hope they had always cherished
that wherever the American flag should
float, freedom would not be an idle boast.
Mr. Lane claimed that imperialism was
defined in our simple creed as any kind
of government that was not democratic-
He said that he would rather have a
country, no matter how narrow Its limits.
In ¦which every man loved his flag than
a "power" that encircled the globe, in
which some wore held beneath the flag
by force and not by love. In closing his
address. Mr. Lane said: "I appeal from
the dinner pall to the hearts and con
sciences of man. Shall we sell our birth
right for a mess of pottage? To us has
been given to guard the ark of liberty:
let us hold it on high, sustaining the
constitution and the Stars and Stripes
above it."
NAPA. Oct. 27.— Franklin K. Lane.
City and County Attorney of San Fran
cisco, addressed a large mass meeting
here to-night under the auspices of the
Democratic club of. Napa. Mr. Lane at
tended Napa College in his boyhood days
and has In consequence hosts of friends
In this city and county.
Denounces Imperialism.
Franklin K. Lane of San Francisco
KALIjY OF NAP A DEMOCRATS.
some time ago by prominent business
men and physicians of this city. As the
movement was purely charitable it ap
pealed to the townspeople, who have don*
much for it. The ladles of the town and
the university students have been and
are still working to raise the necessary
funds.
TRUSTEES AGAINST
PROPOSED HOSPITAL
BERKELEY, Oct. 'SI.— According to the
ordinance which the Town Trustees or
dered framed last night the Berkeley Hos
pital Association will be compelled to se
cure a new site for its proposed hospital.
The action of the Trustees was due to the
objection of residents la the neighborhood
of the site selected. .'•'• "'¦ '¦:.
The original ordinance, which had been
passed to print, regulating the establish
ment of hospitals specified that- no such
Institution other than a Receiving Hospi
tal could be established within 1500 feet
of a dwelling. This was amended to read
"within 100 feet of any dwelling," the
part referring to the Receiving hospital
being stricken out. As the residence of
Ira Sorrlck is only 40 feet from the house
on Channing way ¦which the association
proposed to buy and fit up for a hospi
tal a new site will have to be selected.
Trustee Staats favored giving the asso
ciation the right to establish the hospi
tal on Channing way. but he was op
posed by the other Trustees.
Dr. J. S. Eastman addressed the boar.1.
explaining that the institution was to be
in the nature of a receiving hospital and
not a place for contagious diseases. He
said it could not prove to be a nuisance
In any way. -The lobby was filled with cit
izens, who objected to having the hospital
in the present site selected.
The Hospital Association was formed
LITTLE FRANK KEARNEY SAT BLISSFULLY PUFFING HIS "COFFIN NAIL" AND COMMUNING WITH THE
WAVES, LOBSTERS AND FISH, UNMINDFUL OF ORDINANCES OF THE MUSTY PAST, AND IN HAPPIEST
MOOD.
OAKLAND, Oct. 27.— Laura Hall has
commenced suit for a divorce from
Charles E. Hall, alleging cruelty and
specifying the. cruelty to consist prin
cipally of the application of vile oaths
to her on the slightest pretense. It mat
tered not what his wife did, she says,
whether she performed her household du
ties properly or otherwise. Hall always
wound up by roundly abusing her with
his cruel and cutting language. Mrs. Hall
stood the epithets as long as she could,
she states, and then gave up trying to
please her husband.
Hall was the central figure of the great
railroad strike that tied up the rolling
stock of the transportation companies In
1R94. He was the leader of the Railway
Trainmen's Union. He has one arm.
During the progress of the strike he rode
a white horse and Incited th«» strikers
to stand by their principles.
The couple formerly resided ct 1207
Seventh street, but have no*, lived to
gether for some time.
Hall was surprised by the news that
his wife was suing him for divorce, and
said there must be some mistake, as he
had left her early in the morning to go
to work in sijznal tower No. 1 at the Oak
land Mol-.». He denied ev«r having had
trotJble In his family.
CLAIMS SHE SUFFERED
ABUSE FROM HUSBAND
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 27.— The Sil
ver Reijjibiicen rally at the opera house
to-night was a success. It was under the
auspices o. the Union Veterans of the
OvJ] War. Xoonan Phillips and Lionel
Pheldon were the speakers.
Silver Republican Rally.
FRESNO. Oct. 27.-D. M. Delmas of San
Francisco spoke here In the opera-house
at " o'clock this nfternoon to S00 people.
He confined hi5 address to the question of
"Republic or Empire." and aroused much
enthusiasm.
Fresnoites Listen to Delmas.
A beautiful "Ode to Father Mathaw"
has been written especially for the occa
sion by Herman Scheffauer. a local poet,
whose poem "The Republic" was quoted
by Representative Dougherty of Missouri
as his peroration in a speech on the Porto
RIcan taritT bill. The ode has been set to
music hy Professor H. J. Stewart and will
be sung as a solo by Professor S. J. Sandy.
The greatest celebration ever held un
der the auspices of the League of the
Cross will be that In -honor of Father
Mathcw at Mechanics' Pavilion this aft
ernoon at 2 o'clock. Preparations have
be?n under way for several weeks and a
magnificent demonstration is promised.
Right Rev Bishop Montgomery has come
from Los Angeles to deliver the oration,
and no one is more able to do justice to
the character and labors of the wonderful
"Apostle of Temperance." Other proml
nert speakers will deliver short addresses.
The programme, will be principally mu
sical, comprising several striking features.
The members of the league will take the
chorus. The "Veni Creator," "The Star
spangled Banner" and the "Te l)eum"
will be sung by several thousand boys.
The Third Artillery, 17. S. A., band will
give a concert before the celebration be
eins. during the course of which will be
played for the first time In California
Sousa's latest march, "Hail to the Spirit
of Liberty." composed for the unveiling
of the Lafayette statue at the Paris Ex
position. One hundred ushers will attend
to the seating of the big audience.
The speakers' stand will be In the cen
ter of the Grove-street side, and several
thousand raised scats have been placed
around It. In the central floor space three
thousand chairs have been placed for the
boys.
A nominal fee of 10 cents will be charged
for admission. After the exercises In the
hall the League of the Cross Cadets will
give a dress parade and review, under
commai'd of Colonel E. J Power, on Van
Ness avenue.
THE RIGHT REV. BISHOP MONTGOMERY OF LOS ANGELES, WHO
WILL DELIVER THE ORATION AT THE FATHER MATHEW CEL
EBRATION AT THE MECHANICS' PAVILION.
The badge contains on one side'a pic
ture of a breaker boy Joined by the wori
"To." with a schoolhousi?, theidea being
that President Mitchell is laying the
foundation for tbe taJtlng of the breaker
hoys out of the breaker and putting them
In school. Following the meeting there
was a big parade of the breaker boys over
the principal streets of the city.
BCBANTON, I'a.. Oct. CS.— One of the
m«?Ft remarkable and probably the last
preat demons; ration in connection with
ih*> bic anthracite coal strike occurred
here to-night in Music Hall, when Presi
dent John Mitchell of she United Mine
Worker* was presented by the little
breaker boys of District No. 1 with a solid
gold badge. There was a wildly cheering
crowd of over 2*Vjfl of the little follows
gathered in the hall when President Mlt
• •heii rose to receive the badge, which was
placed on him by Vinnle Phillips, a 10
vpar-old lad. who madp a clever speech.
Mr. Mitchell wa« much affected and it
Tap «ome moments before be could pull
.limself together sufficiently to speak and
thank the boys.
HAZLKTOJC. Pa., Oct. 71.— G. B. Markle
& Co., operating four collieries, and Cox
Jiroe. & Co., owning six collieries, to-day
granted the demands of th* anthracite
min*r> as eet forth in the Scnutt-m con
vention resolution. This leaves only the
I^thigh and v\ iiK.esba.rrt: i.'oal Oimpinv,
In the Hazleton region, which has not
conceded ail that the miners have asked.
Themiaiter compaaj has granted the W
per rent increase, but has not posted a
notice i'.bolishing tht slMlng .-cal«» or
KuarantotKl that the advance would be
paid until April next. Worn will be re
sumrd in every colliery in this region
Monday morning, with the exception of
rh* l>ehigh and Wilkosbarre Company,
unless that company grants .-ill tbc con
ceerions by tnat time.
The Markle Company, up to to-day, hud
granted nothing to the miners. This after
noon a committee of the employes of that
company called on Joan Markle. manag
ing partner of the concern, and prewntwl
to him the demands as fonnulaUd by tlu*
United Mine-workers 'n convention at
Scranton. After a short conference Mr.
M*rkl«> replied that 'he company wouid
grant all the demands presented.
Parades signalizing' the end of the strike
wer<» hold throughout the region to-r.igiH.
Hundreds of breaker boys turned out. all
of them marching in tbeir breaker clothes
and carrying li^nted mine lampi? on their
caps.
Preparations are oeiiiR made for the
prompt resumption of work on Monday.
Tlie railroads are filling the Finings near
the mines tars and It if expectej
that when operations are begun all the
n:ines will be k-'j't running on full time
a!l winter to supply .ne depleted anthra
cite coal market.
Breaker Boy« in the Coal Region
Present President Mitchell
With a Badge and Pa
rade the Streets.
Miners Are Preparing for
a General Resumption
of Work.
ONE COLLIERY
ONLY REFUSES TO
POST NOTICES
Young Dibble Punches Monroe.
Henry E. Monroe and Henry C. Dibble
Jr. had trouble yesterday over a meeting
held by Oscar Sutro's lricnds a*. Jackson
and 'Polk streets on Friday evening, as a
result of. which Monroe is nursing a black
OAKLA2CD. Oct. 27.— Once upon a
time an Oakland Councilman, in
his wisdom and with a desire to
"protect the vouth of the land,
prepared and had passed an or
dinance which makes ; It a, misdemeanor
for any youth under 16. years : of age to
smoke cigarettes within the- city -limits of
Oakland. That was a long time ago,' and
everybody except . Policeman Jack:; Scan
lan had forsotten that r; ordinance.- But
Scanlan is one of the encyclopedia* of the
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
friends of T. I. Fitzpatrlck, Democratic
candidate for Justice of the Peace, was
held In Native Sons* Hall last evening. A
permanent organization was effected and
more than a hundred members signed the
roll. The following officers were elected:
President, John J. Barrett; vice president,
JOFeph Greencberg; secretary. George. A.
Connolly: treasurer. John J. McCarthy.
The following members were constituted
an executive committee: J. J. Lerman
V«T. F. Humphrey. Edward Maloney Judge
George H. Cabaniss, Judge Alfred J. Fritz,
Daniel Leary. William Magulre, Frank P.
Haynes, James Cronin and J. J. Van Nob
trand.
Fitzpatrlck's Friends Organize.
The stems of th«» flowers were all placed
In a hollow bamboo frame filled with a
porous substance to retain moisture; this
keeps the flowers looking crisp and bright
and has the great advantage of simplicity.
As yesterday was the last of the ex
hibition an even larger crowd than at any
other time was present.
An attractive exhibit was the uniqueiy
decorated dinner table by Miss C. F.
Smith. In the center of the table, which
is of unpolished ebony, was an effectively
disposed heap of black and white grapes
and autumn tinted vine leaves. Long
slender branches ¦were run out from the
center to the edges of the table. The ser
vice was delicately hand-painted to match
the centerpiece, and light was furnished
from candelabra supporting shades of
vine leaves. In the corner of the same
room in which this table stands was a
canopied corner effectively draped with
trailing Oregon moss.
The balloting for the finest chrysanthe
mum excited* much interest. There were
four flowers in the contest, owned by Mrs.
Hohwe!sner, Frank Pellcano, Demoto
Brothers and A. Carbone.
Professor Emory E. Smith's pink pam
pas plumes were a center of Interest to
novelty j»e«kerB. The variety was the re
sult of much careful selection, and Pro
fessor Smith Is congratulating himself on
having created something new in pampas
plumes.
The following awards were made:
Alvord gold medal, to Frank Pellcano.
Glbbs gold medal, to the Domoto Brothers.
Silver medal for b*st amateur general col
lection, to Mrs. C. Sechau.
Silver medal for best Oregon motiaes. ,to Mrs.
Kate Chandler.
Silver medal for best chrysanthemum collec
tion, to Mrs. Howeisner of San Rafael.
RalTar] whesl vaw awarded to Miss C. Wil
liam* for be*t table decorations.
Sanborn. Vail &. Co. medal, to Mrs. Howeis
ner of San Rafael.
Frank Pellcano had a contrivance on
exhibition at the California Floral So
ciety's flower Fhow in Sherman & Clay's
Hall which !s expected to take well with
table decorators. Heretofore In arrang
ing floral pieces the paramount difficulty
has been to keep the flowers fresh and
bright during an entire evening. Peli
cano's contrivance is designed to over
come this. The sample he had on ex
hibition was an immenpe basket of which
gloria roses formed the body and the
graceful arched handle of which was
composed of maidenhair fern and carmine
carnations.
den and Conservatory for
One More Year.
State Floral Society Returns to Gar-
FI/OWEB. SHOW CXOSES
WITH PRIZE-GIVTNQ
ahead of him.
Jack thought of the old ordinance and
he at' once : cleared for action. From th9
size of the small boy from whose cigar
ette the smoke arose Scanlan was quite
eure that he came within the 16-year
clause. of the law. Unhmberlnr". his artil
lery he . made a bold descent ¦ upon the
young law- breaker, and effected a cap
ture. ' r'HiraH''fiF w ffifWMM' g
•J.The lad is Frank Kearney, 11 years of
age. and this morning Police Judge. Smith
suspended Judgment ; in ; his ' cage and al
lowed him to go. -j
force, and to that fact he owes the latest
addition to -his record. .
Bcanlan has ; the Sixteenth street depot
beat. There is little on ' this beat upon
which to make a record and .the duties
consist principally of "helping old Iadie3
to find the ¦ right ¦ train and * shooing ¦ duck
hunters oft the marsh.- It has been a long
time since Jack , Scanlan . made , an ; arrest
and yesterday afternoon as he was gazing
soulfully; out . through the Golden Gate
.waiting: for : another : old lady to -, get * tan
pled .on the train schedule he noticed a
curl oX smoka ; rising into, the . beach
THE SAN FRANCISCO." CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.
Celebration in Memory of the
Apostle of Temperance.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
HONORS FATHER MATHEW
of Democratic Candidate
for Congress Passes Away.
MRS. FRANK FREEMAN
IS CLAIMED BY DEATH
THE LATE MRS. FRANK FREEMAN, WIFE OF THE DEMOCRATIC
CANDIDATE FOR CONGRESS FROM THE THIRD DISTRICT, WHO
DIED AT HER HOME IN OAKLAND YESTERDAY.
OAKLAND. Oct. 27.— The death of
Mrs. Frank Freeman, the wife
of the Democratic candidate for
Congress In this district, occur
red this morning at her home,
560 Thirty-second street. Mrs. Freeman
had been an invalid for several years, but
about six weeks ago her sickness took a
serious turn. Death was not regarded as
imminent, however, and the collapse this
morning was wholly unexpected. Medical
help was summoned, but death came be
fore it arrived.
Mr. Freeman was at his wife's bedside
when death came, having returned from
Livermore, where he spoke last night.
The funeral has been set for Monday at
11:30 o'clock In the morning from the fam
ily residence. %:. r.';v; :
Mrs. Freeman leaves two sons, Frank
Ellsworth Freeman and George Freeman;
two brothers. Richard Alderson of Sacra
mento and K. L. Alderson of Placerville.
and two sisters. Miss Mabel and Miss
Anna Alderson. who have been living with
her in this city. : :~i'iS>
Mrs. Freeman was a native of Placer
ville, her maiden name being Emma Al
derson. She married In that city and later
moved to Colusa with her husband. In
ISST-they moved to this city for the benefit
of the education of the children. Mrs.
Freeman ¦was quite prominent in church
circles and was a member of Trinity Epls
copal Church. She had taKen great Inter
est in several female orders. Including the
Rebekahs. of which order she was a past
noble grand, and In the Chosen Friends,
in which she had also held office.
33
c
One hundred and fifty firms In this coun-
try manufacture school text books.
Tlh 5I*rkft St. S.F. I Khartark At. P^rkriey
9th A WaaVu.naJc Contra! Are, Alain--d&
. th &• Wood. Oak. | ia let Street. 6»o Juao.
Choice Creamery Butter
Hi.c;fc^dt cniia™ iir
cr^anj^rioM square 33c
Mond.".-. «ud Tuesday.
Mahrsell's Sardines
Finf-et French sardines. _„ _, T^ rt
Packed la finest oln-o oil. Can IOC
There are imue Ijetter.
O:ir f;.»iit!..« with every c*a.
Uejrulariy J5o-
Smith's Kippered Herring
Appetizing a»d ; (datable. _ _ .
r v rhaps laore <it-l!f:ite m V-dii *^^-
flaicr thau &aj «tber br^nd.
B«^nlarly 3T>c.
Eastern Hams pound 12c
Guaranteed jronulne rupar rorwL
Seloctioa or youn^ trades meat.
For y.uv&my only.
Extra Soda Crackers
?££Zr 10 lb. box 35c.
As i;oo<i &s cor« and * till can
make them.
Japan Rice 6 lbs 25c.
Rcxnaisi! "hoi-? In cooking.
Cook* white.
Java and Costa Rica Coffee
Our new blend. T-Vkiinri tee*
Iticn ia flavor. 0011110. 25C
Pheasant corchiatlon of rtrougr
aad mild ct>2<*»s.
Port and Sherry Wines
Yon nxa y !ik«> it rro 1 1 r\-r\ A Cf*
> ette: -than some gallon 45C.
wines sold at much higher price.
Its worth a trial anyway.
Monday nod Tuesday.
American Club Whiskey
quart demijohn, 6oc.
including package.
Rich *nd Mellow.
Shaw's Malt Whiskey
Ab»olut«'y par*. K orr lf» Srr
stimc>.:iap. Regular, $1-00
vitalizing liquor.
Old Posthorn Gin
largest size, $1.30
Oldest known Whit« jrlass BtL
I. DeTurk's Claret
hciooth delicious bottle, 25C.
"tee. Do*. $2.00
Jesse Moore Whiskey A A
Rich and Mellow. 1 4.4.', Q^
Monday and DOttle. 05C.
Tueadar-
Belmont Whiskey
The old-f&shioned U~<.*.1~ «*_ ~*
Sour Mash — DOttl e , $ I . OO
Distillery bottling-.
Outran teed
distillation of ]8M.
Edinburgh Pale Ale
<ienuine imported J_^ - #_ ¦_
Bottiod b T dozen, #1.35
H-riot Brewery, Regnlar. SL 7»
I -GiupurKii- .
• - ¦ di
I l^m no s^ ron 9 er J
I lipf than your I
l^M^^ your stomach ? you ¦ I
I jjr Johnson's Digestive Tablets 1
• — — .— ¦ » .-Kazlnsky, Erwln Kazlnsky, Estell Graff
and Merwin Schwartz.
Club Parties.
The Associated Assembly announces a
cotillon for Tuesday evening next at
Golden Gate Hall, dancing to begin at
half-past 8 o'clock. The patronesses are
Mrs. John Lueben, Mrs. Philip Heuer;
Mrs. J. Raymond McXutt and Mrs. John
son Cadmus.
On October 19 Sigma Nu at Stanford
University gave a dance, at which the fol
lowing were present: Misses E. Avery,
Barret. Bromfield. Burnap, Evans. Fuller,
McGilveray. Lucy McGeoghegan, E.- Hale,
Mekiel. Morgan, Stephenson, Ruth Tay
lor, Shaw, Rixon, Kimball. M. Taylor and
Mrs. Losler.
Last Saturday evening the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon faternlty of Stanford University
were the hosts at a large dancing party.
Those. present were: Misses Arhenfelter,
A very; Ferguson. 'Haskell. Taylor. Ste
phenson. Evans. Sweetland. Kimble. Ar
nold Goby. Bada maker. Turcquot, Brom
field. Park, Kidder and Kenyell; Messrs.
W. Parkin. H. Parkin. Stevens. Wilson,
Spreckels, Baldwin, Caldwell. Keith. Well
borne. Giessler, Stewart, Miesener. Schaef
er, Alston. Hosmer. Campbell, Bancroft,
Merriam. Fischer. Thayer, Lanagan, Fer
nald, Field and Morrison.
J. P. Comyns and Thomas J. Moroney,
proceeded to the altar to the music of the
wedding • inarch from "Lohengrin," the
bride leaning on the arm- of her father.
They were met at the altar rail by the
groom and his best man. D. E. Hayden.
The ceremony was performed by the Bev.
H. H. Wyman, C. S. P. Mr. and Mrs.
Foran upon their return will reside at
their new home, 122 Church street
Alfred Jaggi and Miss Edith H.. Barth
were married en Monday evening at the
residence of the bride's parents In this
city. The Rev. Mr. Fendeling of San Fran
cisco performed the ceremony. The bride
was handsomely gowned in white and car
ried a bouquet of bride's roses. At the
conclusion of the ceremonv Mr. and Mrs.
Jaggj were the guests of honor at a re
ception given by the bride's parents, at
which only Intimate friends and relatives
were present. Following the reception
Mr. and Mrs. Jaggi left on their honey
moon journey for a trip through the
southern part of the State. On their re
turn they will take up their residence at
1M0 O'Farrell street, where they will be at
home on Saturday afternoons.
The wedding of E. J; Sheridan and MiBs
M. D. McNelll took place on October 24 at
the residence of the Rev. W. M. Bours.
After the ceremony the bridal party-pro
ceeded to the Eugene Cafe, where the
wedding breakfast was served. ¦• Those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Sheridan,
The wadding of Miss tleta Spencer of
Iowa City. Placer County, to Harris
Bishop, journalist, ajso of Inwa City, took
place In this city on October !>. The Rtv.
Dr. Foute performed the service.
The wr-dding of Miss Jennie Cook to
Jacob S. Meyer w:ll take place at the
r^si<*erce <if the bride's pirents fl.TtA
Jackson street, this ifu-rnoon at 5 o'clock.
l"n-~n their mum the vnyns couple will
Pesi4* nt 445 Gourr stree*.
The prettiest wedding which has taken
place in Old St. Mary's Church in many
y<-ars was that nn Thursday even'ng
October 18. when Frank .T. Foran and Brr
rardin Frances Btein were united in mar
riage. The altar was beautifully deco
rated with chrysanthemums and' ferns,
end the music, which was a sp«»rial feature
<-.f the occasion, was in charge of Miss
SUIT Oenrginna. Tho vocal numbers were
'ontrihuted hy Miss Etta O"Br:>n. The
Iridr-smaids uncre Miss May Hawkins and
Miss Katherine Oeraghty. Thev wore
white organdie over pink silk and carried
t-hower bouquet* of bridesmaid roses The
rnaid of honor. Miss May Stoin. was at
tirefj in mousseline de soie ovor lavender
sUk and carried a bouquet of white roses.
The bride's gown was a beautiful creation
of white chiffon over duchesse satin. The
bridal procession, preceded by the ushers.
W«dding Bells.
They're Engag-ed.
T
Oak
<"!f
nnn
M
the
Ka
Vn
re
M
th
to
T
le
thi
t o
Ttif engagement of Dave Hyman of
Oakland and Miss Moll!e Davis, daughter
J. W. Davis, capitalist, of this city, is
nnnounce-J.
Mr. and Mrs. I"*h:l!;i F. F.iy annour:re
Tho engagement of thfir tii»v». Miss Clara
Kafalind Fay, to John Jamieson of New
"i'nrk. Th» wedding will take placo in the
r<=ir future.
Mr. and Mr?. SamiiPl Shapn annoum-o
th«> enpapem*nt <-.f their .lauphtpr Kdna
t* Frank Ross HammPtt.
Th»» engagement reception of Miss Adele
I.^vy snd Joseph Pereman will be hold
this afternoon between the hours of 2 and
t o'clock.
CONGRATULATIONS to the
clever laydies of the- California
Club are yet In order on the
brilliant social and artistic euc
cess of their benefit entertain
ment given last Tuesday after
noon at the Orpheum. And
it was also a splendid Buccess from the
financial standpoint, almost a thousand
dollars, the cum that the ladles had set
Their efforts upon reaching, being turned
over to the club's philanthropic depart
ment.
Upon Mrs. Arthur Cornwall, the Inde
fatigable leader of the affair, and Mrs.
Buckingham. Mrs. Plunkett. Mrs. Blod
pett ar.d Mrs. L". Z. Rolker the chief
weight of the management fell, but the
following ladies lent noble assistance to
the exct-U^nt cause; Mrs. E. B. Schell.
Mrs. Grace. Mrs. Rodney K>ndrick, Mrs.
Loryen. Mrs. George E. Bares, Mrs. Rob
ert Parn*»tt.
The pretty ushers and programme sell
ers were Miss <:!ara Yale. Miss Clara
3-tulofson. Miss Alma Beatty. Miss Violet
nulofson. Miss Eugenia Brown, Miss
Modeleir> Post. Miss Lena I>nson. Miss
Iv>ra Clark. Mis=s B*M* Wolters. M;?s
Olive Klndiey. Mips Ruby Sessions. Miss
Katherlne Pike. Miss Aimee Van Winkle,
Miss Belle Van Winkle. Miss Sarah Van
Winkle. Mies Mary Patton. Miss Sara
Campbell. Miss Kate Pearoe. Mifp Eaton.
?.Iis-« Rernlce Reoville. Miss Irene Thomas.
Mi?s Perrv. Mfss E<1ith Perry. Miss Stella
McKay. Miss Stella Scott and Miss Eu
g^nia Brown.
\Wd.1ir.g bells have rung with unusual
frequency in our portal circles this week.
A pretty wedding was that of Miss Kath
erine Sunderland to John Beare O'S'jIli
van at Reno r.n Thursday last. Mi«s Sun
derianfl :f the dr-urhtrr nf John Sunder
lr?nd. a prominent mr-rrhant of Reno, and
Mr. O'Sullivan is the son of the late C. D.
<>'SuIl!van and a brother of Denis O'Su!
livsn. famous in musical circles. The
young couple will make their home in
Telluride. Colo., where Mr. O'Sullivan is
tngaged as a mfnlrcr expert.
IN SOCIETY'S REALM
and Miss Frlsbee. The next party will
take place Saturday, November 3.
The forty-fifth annual ball of Companies
C and G, of the First Regiment, Second
Brigade. N. G. C, was given on Friday
last. October 2<5, at National Guard Hall.
A whist party was held under the aus
pices of the "Merry Whistlers." at the
home of Miss Estelle Meyer on Monday
evening last. After several very enjoy
able games had been played, the first
prizes were awarded to Miss Katz and
Mr. Hofmann, the consolation prizes be
ing won by Miss Thode and Mr. Hess.
The guests then aujourned to the dining
hall, where refreshments were served,
and after the collation several choice
musical selections were rendered.
So successful was the first dance of the
new social club, "The Un-Knowns," that
they will be given regularly hereafter on
Thursday evenings during the winter.
The first dance was given last Thurs
day evening in Mission Opera Hall. Mr.
Frank Betancourt acting as floor man
ager, with Frank Henderson as assistant.
The floor committee confuted of H. E.
Henderson. Frank E. Curry and Jim See
ley. "The Un-Knowns' " officers are W.
J. Powell, president: Ira James Hall, sec
retary, and William Buradt, treasurer.
"Ye Merrle Whteters" hold their initial
meeting on Monday night, with Miss Es
tele Meyer as. hostess. A spirited series
of whist games was en.ioyed. the first
prizes being won by Miss F. Katz and W.
Hoffman, while Miss Edna Thode and
William Hoffman took the consolation
favors. The members of the club are:
Miss C. Campe, Dr. L. R. Gambitz. Miss
C. Ernst, Mr. Lester. Mhs P. L. Gambitz,
Pr. J. C. Stlnson. Miss F. Katz. H. Ken
rsedv. Miss Faith Oambitz. H. Windt.
Miss Mohr, Dr. C. B. Root. Miss Estele
Meyer. Dr. von der Lieth. Miss K. Thode,
William Hess. Miss Lottie Maler. A.
Wendt, Mr. and Mrs. Hoffman and John
Kline.
Sailed Away.
The wife of General Frederick Funston
sailed for Manila on the Grant this last
week. Among other, army officers' wives
privilesed to join their husbands was the
wife of Captain Frank Albright, comman
der of the post of Santa Cruz, Isle of
Luzon. , ¦
Personals.
Mr?. A. H. Kronenberp and her brother,
Jake Blum, have left San Francisco for
Shreveport, La., where they intend mak
ing their future home.
Mrs. D. M. Coney will be at home the
first Wednesday of each month at 425
Buchanan street.
Miss Hattle Lauzet will be at home the
first Monday at 2325 Pine street.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Cohen of 1238 Golden
Gate avenue will be pleased to receive
their friends Sunday, November 11, from
2 till 5, In honor of their twentieth wed
ding anniversary.
Mrs. W. J. Newman of 2320 Clay street
will be at home to her friends the first
Wednesday In each month.
Mrs. Gisolman and her son have been
visiting Mrs. L. de Onativia at her Paris
home on the Avenue du Bols de Boulogne,
Miss Prisciila Warmbath, the accom
plished daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M.
Warmbath of Salt Lake City, is visiting
her relatives in San Rafael, and will ba
pleased to receive her friends on Sunday
next.
Among the jatest arrivals at the Elysee
Palace Hotel in Paris are Major and Mrs.
John A. Darling.
A cablegram from Liege. Belgium, an
nounces that Miss Mabel A. Kowalsky,
daughter of Colonel II. I. Kowalskl, the
attorney, has successfully passed the ex
aminations that admit her as a student
to the Conservatoire Royal de Music. She
is under the personal tutorship of Ovlde
Musin. the famous violinist. Before she
went to Europe she was a pupil of Henry
Heyman of this city.
Dr. Alfred B. Grosse has returned from
Europe.
Mr and Mrs. J. L. Graf announce tha
confirmation of thoir son, Sidney, which
will take place on Saturday. November 3,
at Sherlth Israel Synagogue. -
Miss Jennie M. Long, 1006 Post street, is
again at home to her friends, after several
months' vacation.
MISS CAROLYN BARUCH. ONE OP THE SEASON'S DAINTIEST BUDS,
WHOSE ENGAGEMENT TO MR. SOL SCHWEITZER HAS BEEN AN
(Photo by Allsky.)
LITTLE MISS ENID BRANDT. THE CHILD PIANIST. WHO WILL MAKE
HER FIRST APPEARANCE IN PUBLIC RECITAL AT SHERMAN
CLAY HAXJj NEXT THURSDAY NIGHT.
Walsh, Miss Nellie "Walsh, Miss Adele
Caglierle, Miss Addie Day, Mr. and Mrs.
George Barley, Mr. and Mrs. Branigan,
Mr. and Mrs. Allen, Master Allen, Baby
Allen, Miss Lewis. Mr. and Mrs. C. Wal
tham, C. M.Dalss, T. O. Young, Profes
sor Sid Cavlll, Mr. Russum, Dr. William
Burfeind, Rob Ohea, Mr. Harless, George
Hoadley. Tom Lewis, Adolph Seiler, Ed
die Kragness, Mr. and Mrs. Pape, Al
Pane, George de Florey, James Preston
and A. H. Pape.
The Fin de Siecle Cotillon Club gave a
very enjoyable party Saturday, October
19. Three very pretty, and original figures
w«re danced, led by Mr. Reed, assisted by
Mr. Banning, Miss Empey, Mr. Stafford
The "Symphonle Fantastlque,". chief In
importance and- Interest on the pro
gramme, was given with admirable effect.
Its difficult' rhythms, unusual : phrasings
and disconnected^, periods were handled
with rare clearness and precision,' and the
grotesque splendor of the composition, : Its
wild diablerie, its gorgeous, forbidden col
or, were grasped and suggested with a
fine truth, of inspiration.: But: the sym
phony belongs to the domain of what may
be termed, for , lack of a better word,
"yellow", music. ; Immense. In. conception
though it is, lavishly picturesque, clever
failure repented them gladly of their mu
sical transgression.
Coongratulatlons, Conductor Hlrschfeld,
on rtie distinguished success of the first
symphony concert of the season.
On Thursday afternoon last a represen
tative- but not a large audience gathered
at the Tivoli Opera-house to welcome and
criticize the director of the Tivoli forces
in the new role of symphony . conductor.
Mr. Hlrschfeld has made many friends by
his familiar work in operatic directions,
and has added to his admirers by his re
cent record in grand opera, but even the
warmest and most enthusiastic of these
were surprised at the excellent character
of the work done on Thursday last, and
those who had feared and prophesied
to the last degree and supremely Interest-
Ing, it is yet morbid, decadent and ille
gitimate art. ¦
The first movement, "Dreams and Pas
sions," somber, sensuous, mystical, with
a certain savage bea«ty in places, and
again wandering into comparative dull
ness, was beautifully given. The waltz
like second movement. "At the Fete," is
as commonplace as it was possible for
Berlioz to be, and lacked somewhat in
lightness and grace in the rendering.
About this, a prominent musician tells
me that at a dinner in Paris, at which he
and the composer were present, Berlioz
expressed a considerable dissatisfaction
with the symphony, with, the raconteur
Imagines, a particular reference to this
second movement. The third scene, "In
Sylvan Surroundings," has some exquis
itely lovely ¦ episodes, delicious meander-
Ing melodies of flute and oboe, beautifully
played by the way, as was also the solo
on the kettle drums. In which the roll and
tone gradations" were splendidly given;
but the movement lacks climax and could
be cut to advantage.
It is In the last two movements, how
ever, "The March to the Gallows" and
"Witches' Sabbath." that Berlioz shows
his peculiar quality, strange and uncanny
and sensational to the last degree; ab
sinthe inspired, one might irrevently im
agine, were not the composer's normal
temperament df this abnormal character.
"The March to the. Gallows," with its
grotesque grandeur and magnificent at
mosphere of horror, lifted the audience
from its feet and prepared the way for
that eeriest of all compositions, the last
movement of the symphony, known as
"Inferno," or. more fastidiously, as "Th©
Witches' Sabbath."
The "Inferno," as Mr. Weil in his val
uable translation of the programme notes
has christened it. exhibits in its fullest
extent the wonderful power of Berlioz in
orchestration. The thing is diabolically
clever. The violins shriek and gibber, and
flash notes of unholy glitter through the
infernal medley. An illimitable gloom, pos
sessed by every seen, felt and known hor
ror. Is suggested with uncanny power,
and, too, the awful glee, the impish,
mocking laughter of lost souls; the de
moniac merriment of fiends who welcome
another fallen creature to their frightful
orgies, is heard with horrid clearness.
Really,. one would almost prefer to avoid
one's neighbor's face after hearing the
"Fantastic Symphony." . :
As to the remaining numbers of the
programme the overture, "Im Hochland,"
a beautiful, tranquil movement by Gade,
was rendered with fine smoothness: the
"Kaiser March" of Wagner, - a little
ragged at the beginning, went afterward
well; the rather trivial. "Dance of the
lights" was prettily given, and the "Wal
kuren Ritt" went with admirable ease.
The tempo of the Mozart number. "Alia
Turca," was too slow in my Judgment,
but the whole concert was profoundly
interesting and as a tentative effort in
symphony directions unusually encourag
ing, i
• • v
"Unusually encouraging," that is, to
those 'who have naught to do but enjoy
the results of the large effort that is In
volved under the most favorable condi
tions, in the giving of a symphony con-'
T, e , rt * .Unusually-: encouraging to Mr.
Hirschfeld and the fine band of musicians
gathered together under his baton, it can
not have "been. The house was hardly
more than half full, and of course 4id not
pay expenses, though : it is true, as tho
familiar phrase has ' It, that what the
house lacked in numbers It made up In
enthusiasm.
But the history of symphony move
ments in this city is not encouraging: At
the outset it is not clearly understood
here that only in rarest Instances any
where do symphony concerts "pay" from
a financial standpoint, and never any
where until after a considerable period
from their inauguration.- It goes without
saying in Eastern cities where it is de
termined that orchestral concerts are a
musical necessity that a list of guaran
tors, financially representing anywhere
from $20,000 to $50,000 for annual expense*
is the first essential to their : foundation!
When Chicago decided , to engage the
Thomas orchestra it cost the public
spirited citizens at i the head of musical
matters there from $20,000 to $30,000 an
nually for the privilege, but Chicago must
have anything .that New York has and
gets it because she is willing to pay.
..The' Cincinnati symphony concerts do
not pay, have never, paid. I doubt if the
Boston s concerts are a financial ~ success,
and the splendid : symphony orchestra of
Plttsburgr, which glvea eighteen evening
and eighteen afternoon concerts during
the season and is insured financial safety
by a guarantee list of flfty-two members,
rarely falls to draw upon its generous
guarantors.
• • • ¦ •
Our own symphony society, a regularly
Incorporated organization since 1S99. has
for a directive board Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst, president; Mrs. J. N. Odell, sec
retary; Dr. V. R. Taylor, vice president:
P. M. Lillenthal, treasurer, and Robert
Tolmle, J. M. Goewey and Harold "Wheeler,
directors. • Six symphony concerts of the
highest possible merit were given' last sea
son under the direction of Mr. Holmes in
the Grand Opera-house, and at prices to
suit the slimmest purse. Of course, there
was a t jflcit, and because the unusual
phenomenon of a balance at the bank had
been the result of the previous season's
experience this very natural state of
things called down the most unpardon
able criticism and suspicion upon the sym
phbny management. There is. however, a
fund of something over $1000 in hand, for
Mrs. Hearst, with utmost generosity,
shouldered the incurred debt, and in spite
of the unkind discouragement and criti
cism of last season— which represented the
larger portion of the reward received by
the board of management — the concerts
will probably be revived when the grand
opera season Is over, probably some time
In January.
• • •
The list of subscribers for the Hlrsch
feld symphony concert follows:
Dr. Barkan. Ben Tarbox. J. Mpyerfeld. C.
A. Zlnkand, Mrs. A. E. Hecht, Robert Hoch
stadter. Mrs. Horace L. Hill, John Parrott.
H. Curtaz, R. A. Klndelln. A. IL R. Schmidt.
Louis Lisser. Mrs. M. G<»rstle, Mrs. William
Alvord. Mrs. H. E. Huntington, James Palache
John Rothschild, Mrs. David Lorins, Mrs.
Hugo Rothschild. Dr. W. E. Hopkins, Mrs.
James Ellis Tucker, T. Brurulere. Mrs. L. L.
Baker. Mrs. SIg. Greenebaum. Mrs. Dr. Rosen
stern, Miss Denman. George E. Hall, William
Wolff, Dr. Stanley StIUrnan. James D. Phelan
Mel. Topllti, Mrs. Gay, Mrs. Tautphau*. Gen
eral Ehafter, Mr*. Thomas Magee, Mrs. L.
Greenbaum.
• • •
The recital of Frederic M. Blggerstaff,
given on Tuesday evening last in Sherman
& Clay Hall, was very well attended. Mr.
Blggerstaff was formerly a pupil of Pro
fessor Lesser of this city and has but
lately returned from European study with
Barth and Moszkowski. The pianist was
assisted by Mrs. Sedgley Reynolds, con
tralto. Perhaps the best number on Mr.
Biggerstaff's interesting programme was
the Mendelssohn scherzo from the "Mid
summer Night's Dream." the light, crisp
touch and cool, polished elegance that Us
best rendering demands. The artist '
seemed at home In the Mendelssohnlan
atmosphere, and tha Schumann""Novel
ette" was also given with verve and fin
ish. Finish, polish, restraint and a cer
tain self-consciousness are the prevailing
characteristics of Mr. Biggerstaff's meth
od: color, warmth and climax are rarely
in evidence. The artist has a clean tech
nique, a crisp, cool, perhaps rather shal
low touch, and his readings, while schol
arly and dignified, are not individual. The
rest of the programme ran as follows:
Sonata Appasslonata of Beethoven; the
Chopin A flat Etude, nocturne. • op. 62. ballade
op. 23; prelude of Rachmaninoff; an Intermezzo
of Brahma and the "Caprlc* Kspanol" of Mosz
kow ski.
Mrs. Reynolds* songs were "Ah! s"es
tlnto" (Mercadante). "Romance" (Nleder-
meyer), a pretty "Berceuse" by Mr. Blp
gerstaff. "A Columbine" (Massenet). "Aim
der Ju?endzeit" (Radecke) and "Songs
My Mother Taught Me."' by I>vorak. Mrs.
Reynolds has a full, sweet voice, charm
ingly used, but somewhat uncertain of
Intonation at times.
• • .¦'.!• ¦¦*
Among the most notaMe concerts of the
coming week will be that of Uttle Enid
Brandt, a child-pianist, who will make
her first appeararce at Sherman-Clay
Hall on Thursday evening:. November 1.
The Damrosch explanatory recitals, the
first two of which will be given on
Wednesday f'Pas Rhelnpold") and Fri
day ("Die "Walkure") at the California
Theater, are creating a wide interest. Th»
lectures will begin promptly at a quarter
past 3 o'clock.
An interesting programme Is that prom
ised by Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt for her
piano recital on Tuesday evening. Mrs
Mansfeldt will play the Schumann "Car
naval" among other things, and will be
assisted bv Samuel Savannah and Ko.u
von der Mehden.
To Henry Holmes is due the nntahlo
programme offered by the. British Benev
olent Society's concert of tp-mrirrow even
ing at Sherman-C!ay Hall. Miss Ernrs
tine Goldman. Mme. d*» SemlnaHo Mlsa
Beulah Georpe. Mrs. J. N. Odell, Miss
Tyneletta Geery. Fred Maurer and Wal
lace Pabln, bc^>i,les the gifted leader, aro
among- the artists represented.
H. FLiAT.
The friends and members of the Colum
bia Pistol and Rifle Club attended a ban
quet given In honor of the recent fine
shooting done by A. H. Pape, their vice
president and chief. After the banquet a
musical programme was arranged and the
puests made merry till the early hours of
the morning. Those taking part in the
programme were: Miss G.adys Downs,
piano solo; Miss Emaline Riding and F
O. Young, duet, accompanied by Miss
Clara Fields; Master Allen and Baby Al
len, song and dance; George de Florey,
recitation: Tom Lewis, mind reading:
James Preston, vocal solo; Miss Emaline
Riding, vocal solo, and Dr. William Bur
fiend, recitation. Those present were-
Mr. and Mrs. William Glinderman, Mr.
and Mrs. Harlan, Mrs. G. Caglierle, Mrs
Ronlng, Miss Wanda and Miss Olga Ron-
Ing, Mr. Riding. Miss Emaline Riding
Miss Gladys Downs, Miss Sue Dodson
Miss Clara Fields, Mrs. M. Morris, Miss
Arvis Morris, Mrs. H. Seller, Miss Clara
Seller, Miss Luise Seiler, Miss Agnes
B, Briscoll. Mips E. Searle. T. P. Sheri
dan. Miss J. Kaster and Mr. and Mrs. J.
Gonzales.
Home Gatherings.
An enjoyable birthday party was ten
dered to Miss Sophie Buckley by her
grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Sweeney, at
their residence. 3S24 Twcnty-se nd street.
The evening was spent in music, dancing
and games, after which the y<ung people
marched to the prettily decorated dining
room for refreshments. Those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. Elchbaum. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Dering. Mrs. Cowperthwalte, Mr.
and Mrs. Cunningham, Mr. and Mrs, L.
Buckley, Miss Julia Sweeney of Vallejo,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Sweeney, Miss Olive Har
rigan, Mis=s Addie Dering, Miss Alma
Dering. Miss Vera Allen, Miss Annie Cow
perthwaite, Mirs Flossie Blair, Miss Flor
ence Ferral, Miss Gertie Baker, Miss Mae
Mangan, Miss Margaret Casey, Miss Ger
tie Hart. Miss Mae Casey, Miss Emma
Cowperthwalte. Miss C. Allen, Miss Ma
bel O'Brien, Miss Edith Buckley. Miss
Mae Dering, Miss Agnes Sullivan. Mlsa
Ethel Cowporthwaite. Miss Emma McDer
mott. Miss Sophie Buckley, Lester Blair,
Walter Carson, Charles McKeown, Oscar
Ellison, Charles McDermott, Joseph Fur
tado. Richard Sweeney. John Hutchison,
James Waters, Frank Smith, Chris Buck
ley, Harry Dering, ' Frank Sweeney, Jo
seph Hutchison. Roy Le Bland, Arthur
Berg, George McKulllgan. John Benzon,
Sam La Palliel. Charles Lorrigan, Harry
Lindas, Bert Buckley, Joe jkiulverhill,
William Sweeney, Joe Shields, Joe Sweet
man, Louie Brady, Arthur Hank.
Mr. and Mrs. I. T. Ingraham of Mar
tinez, Contra Costa County, celebrated
the fiftieth anniversary of their marriage
or Saturday, the 20th Jnst. A reception
was held at the home ol Mr. and Mrs.* J.
H. Babbitt, 1015 Market street, San Fran
cisco, at which three generations of the
family were represented, which Included
the happy pair, their daughters. Mrs. J.
H. Babbitt, Mrs. Roby Read, Mrs. C. S.
Ingrahttjn, Miss Clinton Ingraham and
Miss Cora Read. Many telegrams of con
gratulation were received as well as a
large number of hajidsome gifts. The
rooms were beautifully decorated with
chrysanthemums, American Beauty roses,
smilax and rare orchids, and dancing was
Indulged In to a late hour. During the
evening a select programme oT vocal and
instrumental music was rendered and tho
guests dispersed after a deligntful even-
Ing with hearty and sincere wishes that
the happy couple be spared for many
more years.
A pleaeant evening was enjoyed by all
those present at the home of Miss Lora
Bush, 819 Pine street, on Saturday even
ing, October 20. The feature of the even
ing was the spider-web contest, in which
the prizes were won by Joe and Mamie
Quadt and Miss Little. Games, music and
dancing were enjoyed by all, as well as a
substantial collation. Among those pres
ent were: Messrs. Oans, Spencer, Kells,
Fenstermacher. A. Steigler, Bartel, Grove,
F. Bush, E. Steigler. W. Bush, Brown,
Kreutzfeldt and G. Bush: Misses Jager,
Steigler, Asmuss, Becker, Quadt, Sturgiss,
Little, Bartel, Saulsbury, Wilson and Lora
Bush. Mr. and Mrs. Quadt, Mrs. Bartel
and Mrs. Bush.
The eilvtr wedding reception of Mr. and
Mrs. B. Schwartz of 626% Minna street,
was held last Sunday at 6 p. m. About
ninety guests were present.
John Phelps and wife, prominent resi
dents of San Jose, celebrated their dia
mond wedding anniversary last Thursday,
October 25.
, Mr. and Mrs. C. von Oterendorp Jr. en
tertained a number cf friends at their res
idence. 723 Fulton street, Sunday. October
21. The occasion was in honor of the
birthday anniversary of C. von Oteren
dorp Jr.
Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Fisher of 3330 Twen
ty-second street celebrated the fifth an
niversary of their marriage at their resi
dence on Saturday evening, October 20.
A pleasant evening was had and numerous
presents appropriate to the occasion were
received. The following guests were pres
ent: Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Fisher. Mr. and
Mrs. A. V. Fisher, Mr. and Mrs. Ben
Hulse and James Kellinberger of Ala
meda; Mr. and Mrs. F. D. Hudson of Los
Angeles; Mr. and Mrs. .George Albertl,
Mr. and Mrs. James Stapleton, Mr. and.
Mrs. Frank Wllcox, Dr. and Mrs. W.
O. Toye. ~.
An enjoyable birthday party was given
to Miss Stella Wolf of 1118 Ellis street on
Sunday afternoon, October 21. Those
present were: • Birdie Asher. Eva and Da
vid Young, Claire Wolf. Mertie. Doris,
Selma and Lucille Wolf,, Jennie Conn,
Eva Friedman, Flossie Schwartz, Blanche
and Minnie Linden. Hazel Wolf, Lillian
and Walter Goldberg, Ira Jacobs, Flossie
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.
34
STRAINS AND NOTES FROM THE WORLD OF MUSIC.
Every lady who eer.ds her name and address
¦w-V.l receive by mall free a trial treatment of a
celebrated beauty's remedies for beautifying
the complexion. It 1p not a face powder,
•ream, cocmetlc or bleach, contains no oil
Frease. paste or chemicals and Is absolutely the
only eucc»«6ful beauty maker known.
Fannie B. Ralnton. €M Lexington ave.. New-
jv>rt, Ky.. sifter of the faxous Kentucky
Beauty Helen Ralrton, who also used these
t^autlflers, nave: "Uhra I bepan using Mme
2Ubao!t'a complexion beautlflers I did not think
A TRIAL BOX FREE.
Every Lady in the Land Can
Now Have a Beauti-
ful Skin.
Made Her
Beautiful
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Write to-day without fail and the free treat-
ment will be mailed prepaid with full directions
and all particulars absolutely free. Address,
MME. M. KIBAULT, 77t Elsa bldg.. Cincinnati.
Ohio.
Do not delay, but write Immediately. The
treatment is harm lees, a natural beauty maker
and will permanently remove all tan. freckela,
moth patches. pimple*. blackheads, n>«h
worms, sunburn, chaps, roughness and any and
all skin Imperfections no matter what they
may be.
FAJ.-NIE B. RAXBTOX.
fShcrwing her wonderful Improvement.)
It poselhlt to clear tsy skin, my face was In
a horrible condition, literally covered with red
epots, pimples, blackheads, moth patches and
freckles. And whenever the weather chasg«d
ecsema, chap and salt rheum added to my
misery. I suffered a thousand deaths, and
when I s«nt for a trial of Mme. Ribault's beau-
tlflers, lust as I had done before time and ag-sin
with other advertised remedies, I did not ex-
pect any results. Imagine my surprise when the
next day all redness and soreness were rone.
At the end of a week my skin began to dear,
the freckels and moth patches disappeared and
the eczema aad • salt rheum were completely
cured. I Improved so wonderfully that my
friends did not reccgslee me no quickly frfi the
change taken place. My skin is now perfectly
lovely, and there Is sot a blemith or wrinkle
anywhere.
"I hope all ladlta will at least try these mar-
velous beautlflers."
230 Sutter Street.
TAKE ElEV4TO/f.
S. BELLER & CO.,
Perfect Fitting S^^.50
TAILOR-MADE P £
SUITS - - - *"*"
Would cost you $.};; elsewhere.
. 'ftp- A. We wil] make
V/5>* these suits to
• jgSp your order
%£S from Cheviots.
gF C o v e r t3 or
.¦¦raftt* Golfinsr Cloth.
Ep8&i*S We have the
kM^S! late?: New York
ikX^ffli fabrics and
dreds of exclu-
/.• \$flk sive designs to
a Our orices to
m, 'jtv',ja y° u ? ure ?° p er
JSt'sShSH^sI leave this estab-
if^lfiH lishment unless
"• >t is a oerfect fit
"^ and entirely sat-
isfactory to purchaser.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
Th« best evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found In th# continual
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion hare made them their head"
Qnartm when visiting San Francisco
Connected by a covered passageway and
c » p '™5 e<1 «n*er one mandgement on th«
Amarlcan and European plan.
Father — Tou have been a troo<1 hoy to-
day. Johnnie: fd T pues3 I'll elve yoii ton
cents for pocket money.
Johnny— r think I'd rather have it for
spending money, pa.— Boston Transcript.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison,
- DERMATOLOGIST,
78 Geary St., San Francisco.
£? T<wr rray or faded hair to
Ju Bataral Touthfnf color, with Mrs.
nS^ ar w n * <W *3 r H * lr Restorer,
l^ot a dye, but a harmless preparation
that leaves the hair free 1 ro£ sSllmenu
Sm»Lv4? V^%,J io Incooreaience.
H-w a botue, at all druggist*.
j I
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE, Donohoe
building. 1170 Market St., cor, Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electric needle without patn or
¦car. Permanency guaranteed : hours 1 to * p. m.
The greatest skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making the akin firm.
It renders the skin soft.' -
smooth, clear, white and I™"™"™^!^*^^™^
youthful and cures Poison Mmf&n ftJ&£>
Oak and Eczema. It Is a /•jSSSftHkSSJk
liquid. Any cream of the ¦aKjyfcCjpTyq
consistency of butter will JTWB^^^ii&r
stimulate the growth of i^§^'& c itkSJL
hair on th« fac«. Bran- XfkSt !T zTi*3
man Toilet Cream is (3m| ~K£/s££;
guaranteed not to io so. .ISPat
Price 15c. Brahman <» jfSftS8c-\5**fe.
Tooth Powder. 25c. All tW^mm.M^^ f?
drufTBista and at office of .
A. W. TRAVERSE. M. D. Large stock always
at J. S. Potta' Drug Co.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
H jfliil^^ When it is evident tKak.t women need corrvpetervt
I <m5&*^ advice about their health, is it not well for them to
I W§i&§W kn.° w how to secure it? Tell your story without
I *J p reservation to Mrs. Pinkhe^m : she never breaks
I iSikw"^/ confidence, and her advice is the best in the world.
I £a^® " Miss Mecum's two letters show how helpful it is.
I ' W fc'v^^Vra, [PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL PERMISSION.]
/^rL« iSto Deab Mrs. Pinkham: I hare read so much abont your great kindness to
P w rSsJ? tt^jm^jRvw suffering 1 women that I thoug-ht I -would write and tell you of my troubles. In
I r \-J^!^/^/f e S^ P^ acc> * h aTe a Wood disease which the doctors call dry eczema. I have
a c /^^Jj/-§^k taken a great deal of medicine but received no permanent benefit, so thought I
% yk~£r^ w^S^^^^^IS would try your medicine. Menses are irregular, und I am troubled with leu-
i oftr"' corrhcea. Bowels are constipated ; sometimes have sharp pain* ; cannot sifen
* \ V^^^' v %^ii^^ a^ n '£ nt » nave 6uch shaking spells I cannot be still. Sntfer with paia in lower
I \ P art °' b^k' in my side under left brea&t, and through my chest: aL>o troubled
K \ . with shortness of breath and dizziness. Please give vie your advice.
t ij&V \ DBAS Mbs. Pctkham : When I wrote to you some time ago I was feeling
\i >l*^-<ifc* x \ ver y miserable. I followed the advice vou gave me, and must f>av that 1
19 /^KftSiQsSv \.\ think your remedies are the greatest remedies on earth. I took both Lydla E.
W nm?Mfc^^^§ \ Vs >^ Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and Blood Purifier, and they
H mV^fMlk^^^^^ \!^^-^_ have done me # more good than anything I ever took. I cannot
0 Ulli^i^iP^§l§ii$i?W V^So™"*^5Sv express my thankfulness to vou, and I always recommend
W Xy^^nzayS y ° Ur medicine to oth ers. MISS MAEY MECUM.
m^^M^^^Mi - fex^s I rs# Pinkham's address is Lynn, Mass. She
mBmSS^^^^^ h^T 3^ advises vTomen free. Miss Delia M. Hittle has
I^MSiP^Pj J^^^a^'l £ iven permission to print her two letters,
B^^^^^^J <m nmij^ /r / showing how easy it is to get the right help.
RVmWttl slliila Dear Mrs. Pinkham : I have noticed your advertist-ment and feel that your med!-
IWC\w HHlik C * ne W^* me 6ome ?°°d- 1 nave Deen eulTeriny several months with womb trouble.
HTB^^^^^^^^Mk The womb swells and it feels as if something- was gathering- on each side. Some days
g3K^j5^Sfc^^g^^>^K * can l* a rdly be on my feet at all. It makes me very nervous, and I also have a dL»- §
K^^^fe^C^^ °^ ar^ e °^ leucorr^ lrea - I am getting tired of sulfering' so much and want p
R Safa 2^^^^^W^^Rv^^>>*. tO tr^ Ur medicine - Pleas»e advise me and answer as soon as possible. n
P t^^i^^^^li^^l^^!^^^ TreAR Mrs. Pt5kha*s ? TVords cannot express my gratitude for the I
Is ' have derived frc«n the use of your remedies. I suffered with con- $
m ufiHMtOic jWBBgj^TO^^p^^ gestion of the ovaries and inflammation of the womb. I was completely H
H F^^^MHcyfi[^^yS]TOB^gjBJfc^P rUQ down and my condition was very serious. Aft«-r reading of the gxv^d T,
M KS^e^^txf^^^^*Va^^^r our me dicine had done for others 1 concluded to write to yo-.i for advice. |
S Sl^^i^*^$**^^W\\\** !^ L r pon receiving your reply I UK)k a course of vour medicine and K)
R am now well. The Lydla E. Pinkham Vegetable Compound also
g cured me of the awful headaches I was subject to. I shall never
SJB^«ilJBS^^ffi0§SV^^^^\/\ < \ /^Q be without your medicine. I cheerfully recommend it to all and
W^olSflWn^^W^s. V_ J&F firmly believe it capable of curing any "female sickness. !
M ' ISS DELLA M - niTTLE -
ilsaSTp'w \^^^^\jf^^W^ When yo\i go to yo\ir dr\iggist for Mrs. Pink-
SP^Jb^^^^^s-^^^*^ hoLm's remedies do not let him persuade you
H'Hs^s%B^»'^^*355^f«3r to try something "j\ist as good/* He is merely try-
j| ing to make a larger profit. The medicine that svirely
I cures women is LY9IA E. PINKHAM'S VEGETABLE COMPOUND. E
M 4Slt P"^ >^^b\ /^^^ /T* 1^ U Mj "* JQl rj T^ Owing- to the fact that seme skeptical people have from time to time cues- \
n WflJ Lb>v B Kl% H M M mV b > yy/4 a^L fl 3 J' one d genuineness of the tsstinonial letters we are constantly publish- *
3 0 eJUB rafei M u-u- a«*4 t*^ to?, we'have deposited with the National City Baak of Lynn, Mass.. #5,000, r
el _ W M Ef « W \1 W which will be paid to any periou who will show that the above testimonials are not genuine, or were published
BJ "«^^ belore obtaining the write ' special permission. LYD1A £. PINKHAM MEDICINE CO.
JtJt%
ADVERTISEMENTS.During the past week the grand secre
tsry was advised of the- death of Past
Arch Henry Fleishmann of Los Angeles
Grove. He had been a most active worker
for Druldism and he will be sadly misled
!n L/>s Angeles. He was the organizer
of Los Angoles. Magnolia and Orange
groves in Los Angeles.
P. H. Richardson of Santa Rosa reports
that grove making good headway, but It
is not keeping pace with Semplone Grove,
which in a short time has doubled Its
membership. Guerneville Grove at Its last
held meeting initiated three strangers and
has more applications In Bight,
Past Noble Grand Arch Martlnon! has,"
at the request of Past Noble Grand Arch
Adam Weber of Dayton, Ohio, and of
William Pfeifke of Beaver Falls. Pa:, sent
on rituals and literature in the Italian
language to permit of the establishment
of Italian groves In those places. These
will be the first to work In that language
In that section of the country.
piea&anton Grove conferred , the . third
degree on several candidates . at its last*
btld meeting, Hesperian Grove Initiated
In the absence of Xoble Grand Arch
Henry Lar.jre, unavoidably detained at his
home last Monday night. Junicr Past No
tile Grand Arch and Supreme Kerald
James F. Martlnoni, In company of Grand
Secretary Graves and Past Arches L. A.
Gomez, Revert Wood, L». A. Wolff and
Dr. M. Silva. went to Centerville, where
there was Initiated Centerville Grove No.
1^3 with twenty-six charter members. The
instituting: ofiic-ers ¦were met «.t Xiles and
escorted to the hall, where, after the
work of the evening was concluded, a col
lation was served. The next day the of
ficers were escorted to the train for San
Francisco. The prove was organized by
A. S. Amoral, who Is the deputy noble
grand arch for that district. The officers
are: .J. W. Stevenson, N. A.; Joseph Se
cada. V. A.; P. S. Sandhold, R. S.; P. G.
I>conard. F. S.: J, M* Sllva. T.: A. ¦ S.
Williams, C; F. Margarldo, I. G.; M. J.
Sousa, O. G.
The Druids.
Stockton Lodge mourns the death of one
of its members, James W. Herkener,
whose demise occurred on the 20th inst.
The funeral service was conducted by the
lodge and the remains placed at rest in
<Jo.d Fellows' Cemetery In San Francisco.
Ileno Uodee is rapidly increasing numer
ically. Its rnembprship Is novr 150.
Santa Barbara Lodge now has about 200
very enthuFin-Ptie members, who are all
Working hard to make the lodge the ban
ner cin'i of the southern district.
Salira Lo^pe, while not having a rush
fcoorn. is moving along very nicely, adding
to its membership, which has rrown to
5ix:y-five. It initiated five candidates at
Its last meeting and received three appli
cations.
J. O. Reis, J. R. Howell. H. S. Manning,
M. J. Sinerr.an and P. K. Gordan of San
Francisco Lodge have been appointed a
committee on grand lodge reception for
1&G2. When it is definitely ascertained
that Grand Exalted Ruler Fisher will visit
this city, a committee of this lodge will
be appointed to make arrangements for
an excursion to Honolulu to institute a
new lodge in that city. Exa***d Ruler
Bonnet is Improving so rapidly that he *>x
recis to hf. able to be out to vote for Pres
idential Electors. Last Sunday he was
cheered in the sick room by the presence
of Messrs. Dunne, Sime. Reis, Wheelock.
Gailor.-av and Konn of his lodge. On the
night of the 18th inst. Mr. Drown of Seat
tle Lodge visited No. 3 aod gave an inter
esting account of life in Dawson, from,
which place he had lately returned.
M<-F < -rs. Davis and Braton of San Jose
Ix>r!ge, who were also present, told of the
rapid prowth of their lodge, which now
hup a membership of 250.
The Elks.
The Oakland Board of Relief has ar
ranged to give an entertainment in aid
of the orphans" home. This is the first
board that, on its own motion, has ar
rar.ged an entertainment to that end.
A r.ew lodge of the order will be insti
tuted at Woodland on next Wednesday by
President Mrs. Hoxett ar.d Secretary Mrs.
D^noho. On the i'2d of November one will
be instituted at Corning.
Walhalla Lodge has donated $25 to the
fund for the benefit of the orphans'
home.
Loyal Rernrkah Lodge No. 215, which in
the past has been noted for its social
functions, will give a Halloween social in
its lodge room to-morrow night. The com
mittee in chars: v; has prepared a pleasing
programme.
One of the attractive features in Red
ding during the session of the Grand En
camptsent was the San Francisco Re
beltah Drill Corps No. 2. The youth and
beauty of the members composing the
corps, and the magnificent military cos-
! fumes worn, won for the organization
ninny words of the warmest praise, and
deservedly so. In the matter >«f drill the
members were as perfect as the book on
evolutions calls for and in that respect
it was oniy equaled by the other com
petitors, but not surpassed. The corps
was a credit to the order and a credit to
San Francis-co.
The Rebekahs
Grand Scribe Barnes is hurrying work
on the Journal and hopes to have it out
in a short lirne.
The new encampment that is being or
panized at Nilt-s will soon be ready for in
stitution. The camp recently instituted at
Hanford is arranging for a hall for its use.
During: the session of the Grand En
campment at Redding there was held a
special session of the Grand Lodge, when
the Grand Lodge degree was conferred
on twenty candidates. There were pres
ent at that session an unusual number of
trand officers. They were: Grand Master
u'aisoa. Deputy Grand master NIoholls,
Grand Warden Gill, Grand Secretary
Shaw. Grand Guardian Fox and Grand
Herald Forbes.
C. T. Spencer, grand recorder of the
A. O. U. \V.. was last Wednesday night
received into the initiatory degree by
Cosraopolitan Lodge of the I. O. O. F.
Past Grand Master W. H. Barnes deliv
ered the past master's charge to the can
didate.
Cosmopolitan Lodge will have an open
meeting on the night of November 14.
R. B. Gummoe, the grand patriarch,
elected only last week, has already ar
ranged a series of visitations in the north
ern part of the State.
Junior Past Grand Patriarch Foster left
for his home in San Diego last Thursday.
The Odd Fellows.
At the last held meeting of Olive Branch
Chapter two candidates were received by
initiation and one application was pre
sented. During the evening Miss M. G.
JicCorikey, the matron, presented a re
port of the proceedings of the Grand
Chapter, which was noticeable for at
tention to details and presenting them in
a very Intelligent mar.r.er to the chapter.
At the close of her report she was con
gratulated for the completeness cf the re
port. This chapter will celebrate its first
anniversary by a Halloween party in
Golden Gate Hall on Wednesday next. A
programme, rich in characteristic feat
ures, •will be presented for the entertain
ment of the invited guests.
In addition to the list of grand officers
elected at the Grand Chapter of the t-ast
ern Star session the following is the list
of lhe appointed grand officers: Grand
conductress, Louise E. Burke of Scepter
Oiatiter; grand associate conductress,
Annie M. Klemmer of Veritas Chapter;
Adah, May Shaw of Ferndale Chap
tor; grand Esther, Vina Cross of Sisson
Chapter; grand Martha. Anna M. Warren
of Argenta Chapter; grand Electa. Mary
Alice Kiink of Miramonte Chapter grand
warder, Maria Anna Young of Aurora
Chapter: grand organist, Lola I) .vis of
Rose Valley Chapter; grand eiiaplalu.
Ada Daiton of Oakleaf Chapter; i?rand
marshal, Kmma Klizabeth Kupp of South
ern Star Chapter; grand sentinel. Mrs.
;,izzie Tonningscn of California Chapter.
The grand matron in her report to the
Grand Chapter had the- following to say
relative to Vorba Kuena Chapter, which
has since been allowed to assume tht>
r.ame of California Chapter: "After wit
nessing the k zeai and ability manifested
by bister Tonningsen, worthy matron, and
Brother Tonningsen. worthy patron, as
presiding officei-p, and the perfect work of
an the officers, every one must have com
mended the worthy grand patron's course
in granting a dispensation for the insti
tution of tnis chapter. The Star lectures
were particularly beautiful and impres
sive and could not have been excelled."
The grand patron in his report said: "In
company with the associate grand matron
paid a fraternal visit to the youngest
chapter in this district. Terba Buena
Chapter. U. D.. and witnessed the initia
tor)- ceremonies admirably exemplified,
the work of the patron fis well as of the
Star officers being very impressively ren
dered."
On the night of the 20th this chapter had
a reception in Its quarters and a pleasant
evening on account of the change of
name.
Order Eastern Star.
The*- Pythian Tribune '; of 'ChlcAsro of re
cent date publishes excellent half-tone
pictures" of Supreme • Representatives
Walker C. Graves and T. ' J. s ¦ Crowley, ;
Past Grand '. Chancellor • George Samuels
and Grand '¦ Keeper of Records and ¦ Seal
Pythian Knight*
The following named were visitors at
the office of Grand Secretary MlssFrakes
last week: Emma P. Congdon and
George and Julia Trevett of Sutter Creek;
Lilly O. Reichling, the founder of the
order; Harriett S. I>ee of 'Woodland: Mary
E. Tillman, P. G. P.; Josephine Coddlnic
ton; Minnie F. Dobbin; \ Eliza D. Keith,
P. G. T.j Lucle Hammersmith and Mes
dames O Neil and Mark and the Misses
Hunter of Alameda.
" Past Grand President* Mrs. Belle -W.
Conrad has returned from her European
tour. Shortly after her arrival she left
for Sonora. '
The entertainment committee of Darina,
th. parlor of beautiful eirls of the West
ern Addition, has completed all its ar
rangements for the entertainment and
bon-bon party to b« given In Franklin
tt all on Friday next.
Darina Parlor will give an entertain
ment and bonbon social to its friends In
Franklin Hall on the night of the 2d of
November.
The parlor cf Visalia gave Its first danc
ing party in that city last week. It was
a ereat success, was well attended and
was marked for the many handsome
ladies present and the beautiful gowns
worn. The decorations were white and
pink.
Mrs. H. J. Simpson, Miss E. Delwig,
Miss A. Postag, Miss A. Wehe and Mrs.
G. Berry is the committee on good of the
order of Buena Vista Parlor that is pre
paring a pleasant evening for the 8th of
November. On the 14th of the same
month the parlor will give an entertain
ment In the Native Sons' Hall, when a
play will be presented in which Mrs. Ella
Wehe, Miss Emma Benning and Miss Bell
O'Brien, assisted by several prominent
amateurs, will take part.
The grand president will visit San Fran
cisco parlors as follows: November 3, to
La Estrella Parlor; 5, to Daxlna Parlor;
S, to Oro Fino Parlor; 7, to Golden State
Parlor; 8, to Orinda Parlor; 10, to Al ta.
Parlor.
Buenaventura Parlor No. 95 of the Na
tive Daughters cf the Golden West took
an active part in the grand street fair
held in Ventura from the 2d to the 6th .of
October. The parlor acted in conjunction
with the parlor of Native Sons of that
place. They successfully managed the
grand carnival parade and ball held on
the last nizht of the fair. Much assist
ance in making the parade the success
that it was was given by Los Pimentos
Parlor, N. D. G. W., of Santa Paula. In
the grand ribbon parade Buenaventura
Parlor's float, a beautiful Roman chariot
in white and gold, was awarded the first
prize. Mrs. Cora E. Sifford, junior past
grand president, was chairman of the
women's executive committee. She dis
charged the duties of that position with
credit to herself and the order.
Last week Oro Fino Parlor gave
a banquet to its 1900 committee, of
which Miss Nellie Mulcahy was the chair
man. It was a very pleasant affair, at
whloh there were present about sixty
members of the parlor. During the evpn
ing there was a programme of music and
songs, also of congratulatory addresses.
As a close to the event Mrs Pettigrove
on behalf of the parlor presented to Miss
Mulcahy a beautiful gold and pearl ring
in recognition of her faithful and valuable
services as head of the committee that
did so much to entertain during' celebra
tion week. _.
Grand President Mrs. Ema Gett has
been visiting the parlors in the northern
part of the State. Upon her return she
will visit Fresno and Haywards and at
each place will Institute a new parlor.
During her tour of visits she has been well
i eceived and at every place she was given
a token of remembrance. At Nevada City
she was presented a fine cut crystal flower
vase.
The Native Daughters.
Pacific Parlor has received from Charles
Kellus & Co. a beautiful little bear, em
blematic of the order, lor the good show
ing made by it In the semi-centennial
parade. • ,
. The gentlemen have also presented a
bear each to Athens and California par
lors as second and third prizes, respec
tively.
Steps have been taken to organize a
new parlor at Newman and one at Rock-
The two Henrys, Lunstedt and Martin,
grand secretary and treasurer, respec
tively, are visiting in Sonoma, Men
docino and Humboldt counties. They find
staging rougher than railroading.
Grand Trustee Judge M. F. Dooling
started on last Thursday on a tour of
visitations to the parlors in Plumas,
Sierra. Placer, Nevada, Lassen and Yuba
counties.
Native Sons.
On the 8th Inst. Superior Lodge held an
open meeting after the routine business,
for the benefit of a number of the friends
of the members. Walter Malloy, secre
tary of the extension committee of this
city, presided at the open meeting, during
which there were addresses by Deputy
Grand President Edwin Danforth, Secre
tary MaJloy, Deputy Stock; graphopnone
selections introduced by Mr. Bowman,
vocal solos by Mr. Hanuin, piano solo by
Mr. Klein and instrumental solo by Mr.
Farrell. During the evening a collation
was served and smoking material was
passed around. A. result of this meeting
was the presentation of seven applica
tions.
Last week Walter Malloy, secretary,
a sub-committee of the extension
committee and District Deputies Black
man and Cunningham paid a visit to
Unity Lodge. They witnessed the confer
ring on a candidate of the junior degree,
after which there was an hour of oratory
by the visitors, many interesting ideas
and suggestions for the good of the order
being presented. The lodge will give a
ladles' night in the Laurel Hall of the
Shiels building on the night of October jO.
It is to be a complimentary affair.
San Leandro Lodge has recently mane a
remarkable increase in ltB membership.
There was a large class of candidates last
week and the total increase In a short
time has been forty-two.
The members of the coming celebration
committee last Wednesday night paid a
fraternal visit to Valley Lodge and spent
an interesting hour. ]
Master Workman Kaiser of Prosperity
Lodge has returned from his wedding trip
ind last week presided at the meeting.
This lodge will give a ball some time In
November for the benefit of its fund for
the relief of its eick.
All the arrangements have been com
pleted for the celebration on the 27th Inst.
in the Mechanics' Pavilion of the thirty
second anniversary of the foundation of
the order in Meadeville, Pa. All the local
lodges are in harmony in regard to the
celebration, and as W.OOO tickets are being
distributed it is probable that the event
will be the largest fraternal gathering
that has ever been held in this city.
Yosemite Lodge of Fresno has initiated
fifty-six members in the past six weeks
whose average age is 23 years. It has
fortv more to initiate in November. San
Leandro Lodge initiated a class of twen
ty-nine candidates last week.
The grand master workman, grand re
corder and grand receiver will visit Hol
lister Lodge on November 2 and will con
fer the degrees on twelve candidates.
Deputy Grand Master Danforth, Grand
Recorder Spencer and Grand Recorder
Miss Donnellv of the Degree of Honor
have arranged a visit to Ukiah. when
there will be a joint meeting of the mem
bers of the Workmen and the Degree of
Honor in the interest of both orders.
Last week the grand recorder paid a
fraternal visit to Los Gatos Lodre and
delivered an interesting address.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
four candidates and received several ap
plications as a result of its recent smoker
and Perseverance Grove initiated two
strangers last Tuesday.
Noble Grand Arch Henry Lange, Deputy
Grand Arch Godeau and Grand Secretary
Graves, together with Past Nobl* Grand
Arches Louderback, Bahrs, Chase, Su
preme Representatives Martinoni and
Ooetze and other prominent members of
the order, paid an official visit to Laurel,
Hesperian and Manzanita groves in joint
session last Thursday night. During the
evening thirty-six members of Olympia
Grove paid the sitting groves a fraternal
visit. The members of Manzanita Grove
and the officers wore for the first time
their new regalia. After the initiation of
three candidates by the officers of Man
zanita Grove there was an adjournment
to the banquet hall, where there was
served a collation and short addresses
were made by the visiting grand officers
and others. The noble grand arch report
ed that the order is doing well at this
time ajid hoped that it will continue, so
that during his term he may make as
sood showing as to increase as did hi»
predecessor.
Herman Schaffner, all of California, and
says that to these "is due the credit of
bringing to a successful issue the secur
ing for San Francisco the convention of
the Supreme Lodge in 1902. Nothing could
excel their incomparable management at
headquarters in Detroit, their treatment
of their guests, their adroitness and
finesse — it was that ' which won the day
and gave to the invitation a unanimous
affirmative. They deserve well at the
hands of the Pythians of the Pacific
Coast, whom they served so well."
Grand Chancellor Jeter recently re
turned from Humboldt, where he was on
a visit.
On the night of the 16th inst. Golden City
Lodge gave an entertainment in its lodge
rooms, on which occasion a fine pro
gramme of music, songs ana specialties
was presented to a large and appreciative
audience. The contributors to the enter
tainment were: Victoria Orr, E. Yerrow,
Mfss J. Cunningham. Eunice Miller. Addle
Thall and M. Russell.
The Infernal Order of Klnprs of Purga
tory will give a "rpasting festival" In Odd
Fellows' Hall on the night of the 3d of
November for the benefit of the San Fran
cisco Bureau of Relief of the K. O. P.
Several victims will be roasted, steamed
and boiled, after which. there will be a
ball.
Foresters of America.
Court Independence gave its , annual
high, jinks on the 15th inst. in the Stan
ford Hall of the Alcazar building. The
hall was crowded to its utmost with
members and friends, who were enter
tained" with an interesting programme of
varied numbers and addresses. Those
who took part in the entertainment were:
P. W. Cameron. R. J. O'Reilly, Dr. Par
ent, P. M. McGushin. P. J. Gray. E. H.
Kelly, XV. E. Foley. Edward Mitchell,
Louis Levenberg, W. J. Reed, William
Miller, P. Kllday and Robert Reid. James
F. Grand was master of ceremonies.
This court has been doins remarkably
well, having In the past six months
initiated nearly one hundred strangers.
Last week Grand Secretary Jonn J.
Cordy paid a visit to the court In Sora
merville.
Last week Organized James Healing in
stituted a new court at Fullerton.
Court San Francisco at its last held
meeting initiated several candidates for
Court San Francisco.
Court America will celebrate an anni
versary of its institution by a party in
the Potrero Opera-house on November 3.
Julius Sievert, for a long time financial
secretary of Court Huburtus, returned on
the 8th inst. from a tour of Germany. Ho
has many interesting recollections of that
country to tell the court.
Court Eclipse will give an entertain
ment and dance on November 17.
A new court with thirty-six charter
members was instituted on the 19th at
Fullerton by Grand Senior Woodward
George Goldman and members of Courts
San Diego, Anaheim and Santa Ana. W.
H. Lane is the chief ranger and H. F.
Kellermann financial secretary.
Grand Chief Ranger Asher and Grand
Secretary Corfly visited Oakland last
Tuesday in the Interest of American For
estry*.
Court Acme gave an interesting enter
tainment last Wednesday night. Among
the many features presented, the most
charming was a cake walk* by two little
children of D. Cronin, the recording sec
retary.
Court United States of America will
celebrate the eleventh anniversary of its
institution on the 22d of November. On the
2d of that month the team of that court
will confer the degrees for the court in
San Jose and on the 19th for Court Eclipse
of this city.
Last Thursday night Court Justice No.
16 of the Foresters of America gave one
of its quarterly social? to its friends in
the Alcazar building. There was a long
programme of dancing and a toothsome
collation. The popularity of the court
may be judged from the fact that nearly
300 persons enjoyed its hospitality.
American Companions.
The members of Bay City Circle are
working hard to make a grand financial
success of he entertainment to be given
In Union Square Hall on the night of the
30th inst. An interesting programme haa
been arranged. ¦ -•
Inter Nos Circle has decided to return
to the Alcazar building. At the last held
meeting one candidate was initiated.
Robin Hood Circle and Live Oak Circle,
at the last held meeting, each admitted
one stranger by initiation.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Agee is
visiting in the southern part of the State.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. K. Agee
announces the following official visita
tions to circles of the Companions of the
Forest of America for this month and for
November: October 29, to Santa Lucia
Circle. Salinas: November 1, Pajaro Valley
Rose Circle, Watsonville: 6. Ocean View
Circle, Santa Barbara; 7. Union Circle,
Los Angeles; 9, Fidelity Circle. Santa Ana;
12, Silver Gate Circle, San Diego; 19, Amer
ican Circle. Petaluma; 21, Verbano Circle,
Oakland; 22. Martha Washington Circle,
San Francisco.
Bay City Circle at its meeting last Mon
day night had a good attendance and a
number of visitors. During the evening
there was considerable said for the good
of the order.
National Union.
Yosemlte Council has secured D. Bibo
as its special working deputy and he will
use his best endeavors to build up the
council.
The entertainment given last week
by the National "Union Social and
Literary Club was the best attended
that has ever been given under the aus
pices of the club. The attendance was,
as usual, very select and the programme,
followed by a dance, . was all that could
be desired. The next entertainment will
be given in Odd Fellows' Hall on the sec
ond Wednesday in November. It had
been announced that as that hall had been
rented for three months it could not be
had for the club, but as the arrangement
has fallen through the club will "con
tinue to do business at the old stand."
California Council at its last held meet
ing had a very large attendance, much
larger than there has been for some time,
all on account of the fact that the speak
er, XV. A. S. Nicholson, had announced
that he would have a programme after
the routine of business. After the initia
tion of several candidates the council
closed and the speaker brought out the
California Minstrels, with himself as in
terlocutor, and Messrs. Holland and Dun
worth as end men. It was an old time
minstrel show, in which talent, and not
dress, was the feature. There were
choice vocal selections by the California
Quartet, ballads by Messrs. Ker. Anthony
and Van Orden. horn solo by Mr. Kahn
of Pacific Council, comic specialties by
the end men and Just a few remarks by
President Cutberjth of the San Francisco
Cabinet and President Valleau of Ala
meda Council. The attraction of the show,
however, was a cake walk In costume by
Laurance Vincent and Louis Banz. There
will not bo any programme at the next
meeting, it being election night, but on
the 20th of November there will ba pre
sented the greatest programme on earth.
This council will have a membership of faOO
by the 1st of January.
German Bed Men.
On the night of the 15th Inst. District
Deputy H. Schrelber, assisted by Joseph
Horn, Gustav Moeller and J. Kiefer, ini
tiated twenty-five candidates into Schiller
Stamm of the Independent Order of Red
Men. the German order. The same even
ing eight propositions were received. This
stamm, the baby subordinate of the organ
ization, has entered the race for the ban
ner and proposes to obtain it. After the
routine business there was an adjourn
ment to Defender Hall on Market street,
where an excellent supper was served. R.
Bail was the toastrr.aster, and during the
evening called on the following named for
responses to toasts: Past Grand Chief J.
Kuss, Past Grand Chief R.'Landmann,
District Deputy H. Schrelber, Treasurer
F. Grossmann, Secretary G. Moeller, F.
Schibusch, A. Melster, F. * Richter, Joseph
Horn, J. Kiefer, H.'L.Muller.G. 'Simon,
E. Hecht, J. Krumholz, C. Lengfeld.G.
Heger, E. Bierwirth, G. Weidemann, , H.
Rover. : Charles Seemann; G.-Hinneberg,
John Schmidt, O. Schllnke. H. Merx. I. H.
Marlow, F. Meyerv en. ¦ Young, "W.
Morlock. F. Apel, L. Busse, John Dubner,
B. Evermann, H. Garrecht, G. Gall, L.
Hollenbach, Joseph Jelsch. Nicolas Kra
mer and Charles Oehlmann. -
This stamm- wlir give: a grand ball in
Teutonla Hall on the night of October 2S.
1 1 promises ¦ to ¦ be one of the " largest at
tended of the kind ever given. So great
has been the, demand for tickets that the
committee was forced to procure an addi
tional thousand.'^^gjgggy^gjBBj«rtjiiiHiMMMa
Knights 1 and ladles : of Honor.
Last week 1 the ; grand officers "paid
tin official visit to Aurora Lodge, at
which there was a good attendance of the
members of the i order. There;were'ad
dresses by Grand Protector: rWhltton;
Grand Secretary. Quitzow,! Grand • Treas
urer Gompertz and a number of others on
t ho work of and for the good of the order.
IN THE LODGE ROOMS
After the close of the lodge- there was
served a toothsome collation.
Duriug the week the officers also paid
official visits to Magnolia and West End
lodges. .
The grand secretary of the Grand Lodge
of Texas has In a letter to Grand Secre
tary Quitzow acknowledged the receipt of
$15 . from the Grand Lodge, ' $25 from
Martha Lodge and $10 each from Aurora
and West End lodges, donated for dis
tressed members in Galveston. He repre
sents that more than < three-ctuartera of
the memberB of the order in that city are
destitute. • *— r.t » ' I iMnf 111 lf*nT«narttvwrg
Last Wednesday night the grand of
ficers paid a • visit to Pacific Lodge and
there was a great deal said for the good
of the order and its advancement. After
the visit there was an adjournment, when
a collation was partaken of. ' Last Thurs
day night the officers visited Magnolia
Lodge.
Fraternal Order of Eagles.
The committee of the local aeries of the
Fraternal Order of Eagles in charge of
the grand ball to be given in the Mechan
ics' Pavilion on Thanksgiving eve is act-
Ively at work and •will spare no pains to
make it an enjoyable affair.
Oscar Hocks, vice president of San
Francisco Aerie, is visiting the southern
part of the State.
Golden Gate Aerie was Jionored at Its
last held meeting" by the presence of a
large number of visitors.
J. T. O'Brien of San Francisco Aerie re
cently was in Boston and visited the Bos
ton Kasles. who were very much sur
prised to greet a brother from the Pacific
Coast. He was accorded a. warm frater
nal welcome.
San' Jose Aerie reports that It Is con
tinually adding to its membership. Wat
sonville Aerie at its last held meeting
added six to its membership by Initiation.
Vallejo Aerie held its Initial meeting in
Its new hall on October 17, and after busi
ness celebrated the event by a banquet, at
which there were present about 100
Eagles, who enjoyed a first-class gastro
nomical, oratorical and musical feast.
There were a number of the members of
the San Francisco subordinate present.
State Deputy Grand President Gus Pohl
mann entertained with an interesting ad
dress on the order. The new hall Is 30
feet wide, 66 feet deep and has attached
a banquet hall. It is the first aerie in the
State to own Its own meeting place. This
hall was secured mainly through the ef
forts of Past President XV. H. Grissim,
who, with John Walsh, Charles Carr, R.
J. Coe, J. F. O'Reilly and F. M. Willis,
v^re the committee on housewarming.
There is an aerie in Dawson. it gave its
first open meeting in the Savoy Theater
in Dawson City on September 9, and the
affair was a great success. The ovation
given the promoters of the affair was a
grand one. They in return gave a first
class entertainment, many professionals
contributing numbers to the programme.
Woodmen of the World.
y
. Last Tuesday night Redwood Camp of
the Woodmen of the World gave an en
tertainment and dance In Union-square
Hall, and at no time in the history of the
hall was there ever such a crowd as on
that night. So great was the attendance
that to accommodate a hundred or more
the partition dividing the hall from
a largo lodgeroom had to be removed.
There was presented an entertaining pro
gramme of pleasing 1 numbers contributed
by Leontine Center, Henry JLange, James
Goodman, Irvine Ixjw, Marcel Francis,
William B. Currier, Frank Carroll, R. J.
Fenn and the Bennett Bisters. During the
evening Consul Commander G. \V.
Schweinhard delivered the address of wel
come and Thomas J. Barry spoke about
the good of the order. Then followed a
programme of twelve dances. Dr. M. E.
Van Meter was the chairman of the even
ing. 'ri'j-'-'- • ¦
"Women of Woodcraft.
Redwood Circle at Its meeting October
15 Initiated two strangers.
Mr. and Mrs. A. O. Clarke of Redwood
Circle paid a fraternal visit last week to
Ernsvale Circle in San Jose and were re
ceived with a grand Woodcraft welcome.
The benefit entertainment and ball
given last Monday night in the banquet
hall of the Native Sons' building by Red
wood Circle, in which California Circle
and the members of the local camps of
Woodmen rendered material assistance,
was a grand success and will realize a
neat sum for the orphan children. The
ladles of the circle worked hard and faith
fully to make the affair the success it
was. After a few remarks by Dr. Mc-
Mahon explanatory of the order and the
good work in which it is engaged there
was a pleasant programme of entertain
ment that was made up of songs, music,
recitations and specialties, the several
numbers being contributed by Misses
Nevin. Blomquist. Bird, N. Bird and Lar
abee. Miss Arenberg, Master Dodge, Mr.
Jenkins, Miss Alice Pcrrin, the Holland
sisters, Messrs. Guitelson and Ramsay
and the Fraye brothers. Then there was
dancing till midnight.
Order of Pendo.
Reports show that during September
five new councils of the Order of Pendo
were instituted and thus far six ,for the
current month, two of which are located
in this State.
The supreme officers were present on
the 13th of October at an icecream social
ffiven by the council at Vallejo. A num
ber of applications were presented at uiat
meeting.
Watsonvllle Council is enjoying a boom.
On the 19th of October it was visited by
Supreme Vice Councilor Rogers, who re
ports it one of the most progressive of
the fraternal orders of the Sugar City.
Supreme Secretary Ernest Duden is in
Portland, Or., where he will remain for
two weeks.
The "social at home" given in the social
hall of the Foresters* building last Thurs
day Jointly by Golden Gate and Volunteer
councils was an ' enjoyable function that
was attended by. as many as could find
their way into the hall. There was in
addition to • twelve dances a medley pro
gramme, the numbers of which were con
tributed by Mrs. Vena Eaton. Miss Lottie
Garrison. Harry Abbott. Frankte Mc-
Hugh. Mrs. K. C. Kaiser, Miss M.
Colby and E. T. Taylor. George K. Rog
ers, D. S. C delivered an address on the
Bcope of the order.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.
35
SB. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S&n Franoisso.
UNION SQUARE.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY EXECUTED.
First quality of Near Seal Jackets with Rever and Collar made
out of Mink, Beaver, Persian Lamb or Black Marten, in the latest shapes
and at lowest prices,
It Is an unknown fact, perhaps, to many, that we keep
a well assorted stock o* FUR BOAS, FUR COLLARETTES
and FUR JACKETS at prices much lower than at regular
fur houses.
All'our Furs are jruaranteed to be strictly the best quality and in per-
fect condition — such as only a first-class house would keep.
Animal Scarfs, with Head, .Claws Horseshoe Collarettes, finished with
and Tail. Tails.
NEAR SEAL, first quality... .$4 00 NEAR SEAL ~ gG 50
GRAY CONEY 4 SO BLACK OPOSSUM 7 5O
BLACK OPOSSUM 6 5O BLACK MARTEN.small slze.lO OO
SABLE OPOSSUM 7 50 BLACK MARTEN. extra size. 13 R<>
SABLE FOX .12 50 MINK 15 00
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NORTHERN
Mammoth Spectacular Scenes.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
LIGHTS.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
The Beautiful Romantic Drama,
"A SOLDIER OF THE EMPIRE."
MATINEE THIS SUNDAY."
TO-NIGHT. LAST TIME.
fLiTH EAT R E V
COLUMBIA iSfa
Opening To-Morrow (Monday) Night
MATINEES SATURDAY.
STUART
Direction D. V. ARTHUR.
Presenting the Most Convincing Comedy la the
History of His Career.
UL1V.MC|S 3
GOLDSMITH
THIS John E. Henshaw. H. A. Weaver
COXVIX- Sr.. Stephen Grattan. Beaumont
CIXG Smith. Maude White. Jeffreys
CAST Lewis. Ellen Mortimer. May Ten
A Broeck and 20 other prominent
FACTOR, players. .
Mr. Robson has appeared in more than
five hundred characters during his fifty
years behind the footllzhts. In Oliver
Goldsmith he has found his greatest tri-
umph.
Carriages miy be ordered for 10:30.
J&OROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
—MATINEE TO-DAY
NEW IVSO^ W E~C 1 PANY
LAST NIGHT
Vlctorien Sardou'f Masterpiece.
"MME. SANS GENE."
T. DAJHEL FRAWLEY as NAPOLEON
MARY V AN BUREN as MME. SANS -GENE.
TO-MORROW EVENING
"SECRET SERVICE."
EVENING PRICES ...10c, 15c. 25c. 50c
A Few Front Rows in Orchestra. 73c.
MATINEE PRICES lOc. 15c. 25c. OOe
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
GRAND OPERA SEASON
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
From the Metropolitan Opera-house, New York.
THREE WEEKS — Commencing- Nov. 12.
AT MOROSCCS GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Beginning* With an Elaborate Production
of Gounod's
• "ROMEO ET JULIETTE."
To be followed the first week by "Tannhau-
ser," "Alda," "Faust." "Lohengrin." "Lucia
di Lanflhermoor" and "The Frying Dutchman."
Later In the season "The Nlbelungen Ring" of
Wagner will be given for the first time.
Sale of Subscription Seats dally, from 9 to 5.
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
Prices for season of 20 performances. 135 to
$100, accordins to location. Proscenium and
Balcony Boxes, $500 to $1000. Single Night
Sale b*elns November 7. Prices $2 to $7.
Positively no seats reserved for Single Nights
until SubscriDtion Sale terminates.
WEBER. PIANOS USED.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL
Direction S. H. ¦ FRIEDL4ANDER ft CO.
THREE PIANO RECITALS
-¦-. — BT
THE MARVELOUS CHILD ARTIST.
LITTLE
ENID BRANDT
Each concert to include little Enid's marvel-
ous feat of MUSICAL TELEGRAPHY.
THURSDAY NIGHT. Nov 1.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON. Nov. 8.
8ATURDAY AFTERNOON, Nov. 10.
PRICES...... :.$L 75c. Me
Seats ; on sale Monday morning at Sherman.
Clay & Co.' b Music Store.
SUTRO B-HTHS.
OPEN NIGHTS
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM J A. M. TO 1O P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c.' CHILDREN 6c.
Kathlrg, Including Admission, 25c: Children 20c.
ON AND AFTER MONDAY. OCT. 29 WOO,
THE SUTRO BATHS CLOSE AT • P. M.
SGHLATTER, AT HOOVER HALL,
MARKET AND TENTH STREETS.
• SUNDAY NIGHT (7:30).
THE SICK HEALED ON STAGE- 1 1
•ADMISSION. -25 CENTS.
Reserved Seats— $1 B0. 11 and Me.
Wednesday. Oct. 81 <r DAS RHEINGOLD."
Friday. Nov. 2...... .."DIE .WALICURE."
Monday, Nov. 5............ ."SIEGFRIED."
Wednesday,' Nov. 7."GOTTERDAMMERUNQ."
"DER RING DES NIBELUNGEN."
By
M. WALTER DAMROSCB.
AT THE PIANO on
WAGNER'S
FOUR' EXPLANATORY RECITALS
CALIFORNIA TDEATER-Spedai;
CommencingTo-Day, Suniaj, Matlnea.Qct 23
BEST SHOW IN TOWN!
BEST PEOPLE IN VAUDEVILLE!
JAMES F. IDA
DOLAN- — LENHARR-
Presenting the One-Act Comedietta.
"A HIGH-TONED BURGLAR."
"Th« beat one-act sketch I have se«n on ti«
vaudeville stage."' — Alan Dale la New York
Journal.
~~~ DIRECT FROM ETntOFE. ""
PRELLPS T SSE°
The most wonderful animal act In the world.
JOHN; RIANO and BENTLEY ;
In their Screanlnr Fare*. "Tie Monkera aa4
the Farmer."
HOWARD and' BLAND
Kovelty Musical and Vocal Artlata.
Georce f=fwi/vs
In Emir? Change of Repertoire.
LES FRASETTIES
Musical Artlata.
WORLD AND HASTINGS
In Grotesque Comedy. New and Orl?inaL
BLANCHE RING,
.An Orpheuzn Success.
~ LAST 'WEEK OF
LIZZIE B. RAYMOND
In Entire Changs of Repertoire.
" Comm«nclns: MATINEE TO-DAY. SUNDAY^
October 1%— Parquet. 25 cents, any seat: Bal-
cony, 10 cents; Children. 10 cents, any part
except reserved. A few front orchestra rows
reserved. oO cents: front rows of balcony re-
served, 25 cents.
Alf EHlnzfcouse Proprietor and Maoutr
PHONE SOUTH-TO.
c matTnee
TO-DAY, to-night/
TUB TRULY^—
BIG % SHO\A/!
THIS SEASON'S GREAT SUCCESS,
The Great Chinese-American Seniattcm, ;
KINO
OPIUM RING
By CHARLES EL BUKCT and «•"'»>¦*« A.
TAYLOR.
THE SCENIC MARVEL G7 TTTTg HTH
CENTUKY.
STbe Human Tower of ChtTika.
The Native Chinese Actors and Children.
EThe Chinese Cakewalk and Ricumt Ball.
Tiie Chinese Smugglers Landing a Cargo.
EThe Police Raid on an Opium Joint.
The ChlneseTheateronaN*«wTear*«NUat
A MQNSTER KALEIDOSCOPE
OF ORIENTAL ilAGNXinCENCE.
5— BIG YADDEYiLLE ACTS— 5
PRICES
EVENING 15c, 2So. SSe. loo and 7to
MATINEE ISo. 25c. SSo and Mo
NEXT— "A YOTJNQ VITE." »
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 28.
HIGH-CLASS
OPEN STAKE!
112— N0MINATI0NS-112
JOHN GRACE GUP ENTRIES!
in the mumrnfCr.
$1500 PRIZE MONEY
TRAIN SERVICE:
leaves Third and Townsend streets
10:15 a. m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1
p. m. Returning at 4:45 p. m. and
after the last course. San Mateo elec-
tric cars every six minutes.
ADMISSION 25C. LADIES FREE.
CHUTES_and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND BVZNINO.
HENDERSON AND EVERS, WISE
AND MTLTON, CLAIRE wmr t
IRENE AND BEATRICE, THE
ANIMATISCOFE, AZATtA. IN
POSES PLASTIQUXS SHOWING
PICTURES OF POLITICAL CAN-
DIDATES.
THE CONGO FAMILY.
AQUAU SPORTSJN THE LAKE.
N ¦ Telephone tor Seats — Park 13. ;i -'.-,-'
ENTERTAINMENT AND BALL
Bt *M SENATORIAL • DISTRICT. S. D. P..
At SCOTTISH HALL. Ill LARKIN ST.
TUESDAY. > P. M.. October 30. 1900.
ADMISSION. 15c A COUPLE.
STONG F»O CHY.*
Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAX.
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practice, of many years la
China, has located In San -
'Francisco. Th* surprtslsa* and •
marvelous cores effected by :
bis herba demonstrate their I
potence and his skill. Thea*
herbs cur* over 400 different t
diseases, including; Brixht'a i
Disease. Diabetes. Cmuump- -
tlon. Asthma. Paralysis.
Brain. Nenre. Cancers. Tumors. Blood. Male
and Female Maladies. All persons 'afflicted
with aay kind of malady whatsoever are In-
vited to' call. Office, 727 Washington st. OfSe»
hoars — 9 a. m. to 13 m.. 1 to 9 p. m. : Bandars.
10 a. m. to 13 m. Accept grateful thanks for
effecting a cur» of asthma of several years*
standing. A. DARLKT. Ban RafaeL
-
The Weekly Call.
ONE pOIAAR PEB TEAB-
" MATTNEE EVERT I SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
. ADMISSION : FREE.
ANNIE GOLDIE,
Tou must not miss her Hebrew Impersona
EDDIE J. MACK,
Th* Boy With the Buck-and-Wing Comefly
PAMPLIN, v
• Th« Marvelous Australian Juggler.
THE | CITY.
THE ONLTFBEB VAHDEVILLE SHOW IN
Catarrh "Is a Lingering Cold Which
Refuses to Yield to Ordi-
. nary Treatment.
Catarrh usually starts with a . cold in
the head and if left unchecked In this
climate rarely gets well of itself.
.As fresh cold is taken the disease
spreads,' getting deeper and deeper, creep-
Ing: along .'the ..mucous membranes from
nose to throat, from throat to windpipe,
from windpipe to Dronchial tubes and
from bronchial tubes to lung cells.
The mucous membranes all connect one
with another. Hence It Is easy to spread
from one part to • another lined with : this
same membrane. This is why catarrh in
the head soon affects the throat and fin-
ally the stomach - itself, bringing on
chronic catarrh of the stomach, which U
a most obstinate form of dyspepsia.
Everybody is now well agreed, that ca-
tarTh is a blood disease and not a local
one, and the attempt to cure by local ap-
plications simply srlves temporary, relief
from the purely local symptoms without
the remotest effect in staying the pro -
gress of the disease.- -
There i» anew preparation recently of-
fered to the' public that is apparently
destined to do away with every other form
of catarrh treatment. . ''JMBpu|
'".'.This -new remedy is, not a secret patent
medicine, \ but is a_ large, pleasant - tasting
tablet composed of Saugulnaria; Eucalyp •
tol, ; Guaiacol, Hydrastln and other valu-
able and .-, harmless specifics. . which are
taken Internally and seem to have a^ re-
markably, beneficial effect :upon : the blood
and mucous ,, membranes, apparently
eliminating the catarrhal poigon ; from the
whole ¦ system." .Y i -.t . ; ,
These tablets. wWle being pleasant, con-
venient and: absolutely safe to .use. have
made cures in Jong standing ; cases of
catarrh that are little short of marvelous
They are sold by druggists under the
name of Stuart's z Catarrh Tablets, and
any catarrh*- sufferer who 'has tried
Inhalers. lotions. ointments, salves,
etc., and realized their incon-
venience ; and . will ; fully
appreciate : the difference between a mere
palliative and a permanent cure after giv-
ing Stuart's Catarrh Tablets an impartial/
AH ¦ druggists sell them at 6o cents for
full ; Blzed package and : no ; matter.: where
the catarrh 1b located, in the head, throat,
lungs : or • stomach, ; Stuart's Catarrh \ Tab-
lets • will - Burpris© you - with . l-e effective
results of •ven a few. days', use. w
STARTS WITH A COLD.
tTTGr«XI17TJ»Q CONCERT HOUSE.
; Fourth act of "ERNANI! 1 "/ Faccl,' Franco,
Allesandronl, , Puerarl, . Ovando " and Vargas,
vocalists. ;jo« Hajr»- and 'Lunette. . •'
-. • Reserved Beat*. 2Sc; Matloee Sunday.
A Fur Sale Extraordinary.
CLOAK ANO SUIT DEPARTMENT.
Dry Goods
PARIS
Company.
Feet.
TO-NIGHT w/\rviTlHn XO-NIGHT
x To-Morrow Begins
Another Gala Week!
BY SPECIAL REQUEST!
Monday, Wednesday, Friday
and Saturday Evenings
JniB H Q IS fj mJ
All the Favorites Will
Appear, Including
BARBARESCHI ....and.... CASTELLANO
To Meet the Enormous Demand!
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunfay Nights and
Saturday M&Unee *
With the Great Cast, and
COLLAMABJNI M...... "CARMEN"
POPULAR PRICES:
25 C - — —and — — 5O C
AT>\I kR'I'ISKM U'.WTS-THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.
36
PAX FRAXCISCO C**-L.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The 6an Franeipco
Csll. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH CFFICES-627 Montgomery street.
femfr Clay; open until f:SO p. m.
2P0 Ilaye* street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C?9 McAllister street; open until 9:X0 p. m>
•15 Larkin street; open until 9:39 p. m.
1W1 Miwton rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
2561 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
un;il S p. m.
IOC Eleventh stre-t: open until » p. m.
1CSC Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky ftreetg; op*-n until 9 p. — I.
CIIIRCH SERVICES.
!JRPT Congregational Church, corner Post and
::..-:. f.-'It»r. George C. Adarus, D.D..
pastor. u:ll rr^ach at l>oth services. At 11
i. m. topic '"The End of the Charge 16
Love." At 7:Si> ji. ra.. topic. "Is the Young
Man AbFsJcm faff?" All are cordially Invited.
rl-YMOUTH ComrregatJonal Church. Post et..
n«ar Webster.— Be*. F. B. Cheringrton. D.I'..
pastor, win preach at 11 a. tr. At 7:30 p. m.
Mr. Henry Weinnock will deliver his popular
lecture on "What Jew and Christian Owe
Ka^-h Other." Sabbath-school at 8:S0 a. m.
The public cordially Invited.
PARK C« r.sre E at:onnl Church. Hayes St.. be-
tween Lyon and Central ave.— Preaching at 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. m. by Prof. Lloyd of Pacific
Theological r^mtnary- Good rcusii by the
choir. Sursrtay-school. 12:30 a. m.; Christian
Kndeavor niwtinj, «:30 p. m. You are Invited.
FIRPT Presbyterian Church. Van Ners avenue
ar.d Sacramento «t.— R*\\ R. Mackenzie.
DP., minister; Rev. William Kirk Outhrte.
«ijsoci_te nnnfrter. Services at 11 a. m. anU
7.50 i>. m. by I»r. Mackenzie, and Sunday
school at 12:31 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E.. 6:15
p. m. All jue welcome.
HOWARD 1'refbyterian Church, corner Oak
and Baker Bts.— Rev. J. S. Thomas, pastor.
i-uniay-school at 9:30 a. m. Morning sertioe
at 11: eubject. "Jeeus, the Rest of the Soul's
< "housing Pcwer." Christian Endeavor meet-
:r.s at 0:45. Kvraing service at 7:45; subject,
' <;an:bHr._: San Francisco and Poolselling."
Midweek meeting Wednesday at 7:45 evening.
All are invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. of Geary
and Powell sts.— Rev. John Hemrhill, D.D.,
pa«or. The last Sabbath services In this
builfilag will l>e held at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.
ra. Dr. Kezr.ph"! will preach morning and
evening. Topic, evening, "How to Get a
33]«*ing- th« L_.*t Sabbath Evening in the Old
Church." The sacrament of the Lord's Supper
will be observed at the close of the morning
service and reception of new members. The
Christian Endeavor Society will hold epecla.1
trf-rvicef. at 6:39 p. m. The lart Wednesday
evening sen-ice at 8 o'clock: final meeting and
tocloJ at the same hour on Friday evening.
AH friends of the church are especially in-
vited.
BT. PAUL'S Church, California St.. near Flll-
mcr».-Rpv. W. M. Reilly. rector; Rev. A.
C. Wilson, assistant. Holy communion. 7:30
&. m.; Sunrtay-Echool, J:30 a. m. ; morning
player and sermon py the rector. 11 o'clock;
«^«?ning prayer and monthly choral service _t
7:4:. o'clock. Week-day sen-ices daily at 10
a. m.
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough st*.—
The Uev. Frederick W. ClampeU. D.D.. rec-
tor. Holy communion. S a. m. ; morning serv-
ice. 11 o'clock; evening prayer. 4 o'clock. Fri-
day, service cf intercession for army and navy
at 11 a. m. The rector will preach. A special
musical service .Sunday, October 28, 1900, at
7:45 o'clock.
PT. LUKE'S Eplfccopal Church, cor. of Van
N>ss ave. ar.d Clay et. Holy communion, S
a. m. Morning prayer, 11 o'clock. Evening
service. 7:4i o'clock. Rev. T. J. Mackay. rec-
tor cf All Saints Church. Omaha. will
preach fc;ih morning and e\-ening.
CKNTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mls-
fi'-.n st.. near Pixth— I>r. S. D. Hutsinptller
will jirf-ach at 11 o'clock on the topic. "A
Great Ner-^cs'.ty in F.very Life," and at 7:30
c: "Thf> 1'enitenTs' Prayer Chanced to I
Praise." Introductory address at each serv-
ice on "The Pixjiroom Proposition." Good
music, conducted by Mr. Robert Lloyd and
chorus with soloists. Sunday-school at 12:45,
Mr. Rolla V. Wait, suiwrlntendent. Seats I
free anl all are welcome. •* "...• - •- j
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
bUick. S3 Sutter et., h^tween Kearny st. and
Ors:n ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m.; subject. "Adam and Fallen Man";
Funday-pchool for children at the eame hour; ¦
V.'ednefrday evening, meeting at 8 o'clock. ;
Free reaiing-room, 106 Kearny St., room 510.
All are welcome.
¦PECIAL meetings this week at the hall. 11
City Hall Square, near Market; 8unday after-
noon at 3 o'clock. address to Christians:
evening at 7:<o, Gospel preaching; undenom-
inational: p«>ats frre; come, bring your Bible.
flP.PT Men'.al faience Temple meets 11 a. m..
Golden Oat>> Hall: special lecture continued.
"I^urateii IVsire and Continuous Activity
th»- I5asis of Longevity." Public Invited; free.
MR. MCDONALD from Australia begins a se-
ries of lectures in Gospel Hall. Sixteenth St..
rear Valencia; subject. "The Temple." Be-
itinnitiK to-nipht anj continuing Tuesdays and
Euadays; meeting commences at 7:45 p. m. i
HOME of Truth. Practical Christianity, 2123
California st.— Services every Sunday at 11 j
a. rr.. end 7:45 p. m. '
HOOVHR Hall. 1*27 Market St.— Schlatter, the!
IMvine Healer, lectures Sunday night, at 7:30; !
subject. "How Christ Healed the Sick." The :
«lok healed fre* on siaee. ¦
THEOSOPHICAL Society.— Public lecture to- j
night, at 8 o'clock, in Odd Fellows' bldg., by
Miss M. A. Walsh: subject, "The Aryan
Hihle." Golden Chain at 11 a. m.
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood, j
«.^^^^,_>^-. ¦¦-rui.-.
THEOSOPKICAL Society. 819 Market St.— Lec-
ture to-ni_-ht. "Universal Brotherhood Ac-
tivities at Point I^o— la." by William Stewart
from Point Ixinia; I. B. League meeting first
• nd third Tuesday night.
MEIJTIXGS Sl'XDAV.
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN will lecture this \
evrn'.rjr on "The Cause and Cure of Con- '
sumjit-on" at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, i
•>'!» Merket Ft., followed by magnificent views i
cf a visit to Rome and Italy. Fr*e tickets will •
t><» distributed for the X-Ray exhibition at !
the Sanitarium nest Tuesday evening. Seats j
free. No collection. ;
MRP PHRIXER and Griffin, the well known |
and reliable test mediums, will open fjiand :
test mevtlne to-nipht ; public and skeptics in-
vlteiJ. 107 Larktn Ft.. Scottish Hall; ad. 10c. i
ALL women interested in the question of po- ]
liti«-al rights of women are invited to call at
h»>adcjuart*>r» of th» Woman Franchise Orp&n- .
liation. 214 McAllister, room IS, afternoons. ;
A-I»R. RINES' Spiritual Society, 809 Market— !
11. free; !-*. If*-; Mrs. Vieears, Lester: Dr.
Kines reads Sunday: all tests; nkerttics are
-r*>lcom«>: 11 years in Crusade Hall.
MMK. yOKNG, who offers investigation to all
fktptlc*. will rive truthful spirit messages to- '
r.ljrht. US I-jrkin ft.; 10c; Mrs. Seal; subject,
"Human Raoe &0.000 Years Ago"; fine muKic. i
EDWARD KARLE will demonstrate hi* mar-
velous occult r-ow^r to-night, acslsted by the
f>rt>fron |.h'*nomennm. Miss Myrtle Marion;
Pythian Hall. SC-J Market rt.. 8 p. m. ;
MME. MARQt.'Isn. 1 Hyde et.. sittings daily;
cir to-night 6. 10c: ni««8*(n fm spirit friends.
MRS. MART EVANS, circle to-day. 2 and 8; j
every r.lght except Thursday; 10c. 1C8 6th st. j
Mr*. Stoddaro"* convincing test dr.. 10c: Tues.,
Thure. and Sun.. * p. m. 278 Sth: Bitting*.
TEST meeting to-night. 10c. 148 Sixth St..
rocB 32, second floor. MRS. V'IGARS.
lUQAM JOHNSON— Meetings to-day. I:J0 p. !
ra.: admission 10c. 21I5V* Mlftrlon st.
-CM. EBERHAnDT, 3250 22d; convincing test
tr-r.Irht. 10r; readings daily.
MEETI.VG NOTICES.
AFYLT'M of Golden Gate Commandery .*.
No. 16. K. T.. C23 Setter st.— Officers
er.d member* are hereby notified to gj
(,>., Ti.ll>- In ful! uniform at the asylum mp
TO-DAY «t 1 o'clock, for the purpose
of atiwdin* the runer—l of our late frater.
8ir HENRY TJLTON EMERY.
ROBERT MCMILLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. KONDA. Recorder.
J!F.MI3KR.S of San Kranclsc.0 __
- C*jn»i*tory No. 3, A. and A. _* * af\X. m H.
S H.. of Fn"-raa«onry are Kim!!?-£&*\
i otiflea to assemble at Chapter ft______J_£'{J
Hal!. Masonic Temple. SUN- Of Mf* W
DAY. Oct. 2*. l>00, at 1 p. m. W^aL 1 ' N
•¦¦ takf- r""i in th» fun«ral <>7i_p£teA
obse«iule* of our late brother. '^*^J7'
HENRY T1LTOX EMERY.
FRANK KOENIG, Master of the Kadosh.
HENRY BURNER, Registrar.
OHIENTAL Lod-e No. 144. F. and A. M. _¦
officers aiwl members are requested to __*_
the fuiK-rs.! r.f HENRY T. tC_*T
KMERT. from the Masonic Temple. »^r »
SUNDAY, Oct. 2S, at 1:M p. m. Master
MiLEonr. friends anfl relatives are cordially
invited. • A. 6. TIUBRARD. Secretary.
1 ERBA BCENA Lodge No. IS, X. ._£¦_&__,
<>. O. K. — liruthers: You ar* re- jmyggd
<;-j»-y!'-<l to assemble In Memorial
Hall SUNDAY, 1 p. m., to attend r
th« funeral of our late brother, H. T. EM-
KRKY. JOHN A. AHLSON. N. G.
T1UUMPH Lodge No. l«0, A. O. U. W.— {Vtt,
Officers and Members: You are notl-_j£*lR_
:.»-J to meet at your hall PlTNDAY.wygJ
October tS. at 1:15 p. m.. to attend the *nfl>
funeral of our late brother. WILLIAM
SCHL'LZ. D. B. RICHARDS, M. W.
_ J. H._CATTRAN. Recorder.
P.RITI8H Benevolent Society-Grand concert
by Mr. Henry Holmes, Sherman &- Clay Ha.ll.
<k-tr>b-r 2S, S p. m. Tickets tl. at Marth's,
21 « P-wt »t.. or at office, 606 Battery. All
•«_t* jr" Served.
| >IEETI\G NOTICES.
I Kt'REKA Lodge No. 8. K. of P.— J^
I Officers and aaembers are requested •» JW.
to assemble at Pythian Castle, SITN- %K»
DAY. Oct. 2S. at 12:15 p. m., for the 4g____;
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother. FREDERICK WAHLQUIST.
_E. J. WILSON. K. of R. & S.
COUNCIL of Sorrow— To the Bisters npj/f**_
and Brother* of the Improved O. JBKi<>
; R. M.: Please take notice that C&Sf-*
I memorial services will be held at Red Men's
I building. 320 Post St.. SUNDAY AFTER-
NOON. October 2», at 2 o'clock. All mera-
j bers of the order, sisters of the Degree of
j Pocahontas and friends of the brotherhood
! are cordially Invited to attend.
J. N. HUTAFF. President.
_ PORTER L. BLISS. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
| process from the Cataract and Wide West
j Gravel Mining Co.. in the Wide West Gravel
Mine, near Eho. Calaveras Co.. to deposit
1 tailings in North Outlet arid Prospect Gulch;
'< from H. Slelphter and Thomas Harper, in the
! San Francisco Mine, near Todd, Placer Co.,
I to deposit tailings in Dardanelles Canyon;
i from Charles S. Deisen. In the Riffle Point
' Mine, at Grass Flat. Sierra Co.. to deposit
; tailings in Grass Flat Ravine; from Gforge
1 Fittgerald. In the Lone Star Mine, near Crom-
i berg, Plumas Co., to deposit tailings in Jack-
i son Creek; from G. A. and F. W. Rrucker-
man. In the Renaissance Mine, near Rowland
Flat. Plerra Co.. to deposit tailings in a
] worked-out pit; from J. R. Bell and A. B.
' .Tarks. In the Badger Hill Mine, near Spanish
Ranch. Plumas Co.. to deposit tallln«rs In
Whttlock Ravine; from W. T. Sherman and
i O. F. Caya in the Last Chance Mine, near
Port Wine. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailing In
J French Ravine; from C. N. Klngsbury, in the
] '"onger Gulch Gravel Mine, near Igo. Shasta
Co.. to deposit tailings In Dry Creek; from
John McGrath. in the Independent Mine, near
[ Ft. Louis Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings In
> Sears Ravine, and from J. F. Cowdery. in
: the Chandlerville* Mine, near St. Louis, Sierra
| Co.. to deposit tailings In Sackets Gulch,
i gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 59. Flood building:. San Francisco. CaL,
; on November 12. 1W>. at 1:30 p. m.
AGEVrS WANTED.
i AGENTS mint money selling wonderful "Take-
! as-art Sign": outfit: makes any sigm; thou-
! rand changes possible; Just Invented; beauti-
1 ful. practical; every store buys; low priced;
i 200 per cent profit. HF. BEHREND, 397 East
Fifty-second St.. New York.
i AGENTS wanted; ladles or gentlemen in every
. county and town on the Pacific Coast; can
' easily make $40 a week; household invention
that every one needs. For particulars p.ddress
; room 51. SIS Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
' MAGNETIC healing complete: wonderful book;
j lightning method; any one can learn, <uar-
; anteert: Journal free. NATIONAL SCHOOL,
'¦ Carrol! ton. Mo.
I LIVE agents to handle latest triumph in Gaso-
line Gat- Limp?: JUFt out; highest quality;
I r.ewest design; guaranteed: staple goods; ex-
: cept'.onal Inducements; references. Corn Ex-
i change National Bank. AMERICAN LIGHT-
'. ING CO., manufacturers, Chicago.
; AOENTJ5— Do you want something more nroflt-
! eble and easier to sell than books or 'nsur-
i ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
j SHOW ycur colors: blow your cigar and ret
the dollars; 10c in stamps gets samples se-
curely mailed and information. Agents Sup-
ply Co.. 1125 Market St.. S. F.
,' AGENTS wanted for the Windsor rubber col-
1 lars and cuffs; liberal commission. Address
I H. C. BOWMAN, 1201 Point Lobos ave.. S. F.
; WANTED— Solicitors to sell oil stock: best
i proposition in town; good, steady money In
I It. Call Mills building, room 41, fifth floor.
I TO sell campaign novelty; Roosevelt hat badge;
i large profits. WHITE & WOEBKE. 8 Pine st.
j ASI'HALTIM ROOFING.
j J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
j floors laid: repaired: postal. ilS6 Mission st.
; ASTROLOGY.
! UME. HICKEY— Astrolcgist; horoscopes, SOc;
card reading and palmistry. 25c. 1933 Mission.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
I R. W. KING, attorney at law, 927 Market St..
; room «27— Estate?, damages, attachments.
i bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
; no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
| ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
I HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
1. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market *>ts.; phone Red E2£2.
! FREE advice: divorce laws, damages, estates.
i collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
i ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. S27 Market st. opp. Mason.
! L. 8. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket »t.: consultation free: no fees in advance
BATH CAniXETS.
i ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others.
W. S. BROWN CO.. agency. »26 Ellis St.. S.F.
j BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
] ALLEN Bells 1900 Columbia chatnless $6oTchaln
i $40; ordinary bicycles cheaper. 201 Larkln
I st. and 1566 to 1970 Page Bt
BOAHDIAG FOR CHILDREN.
i LADY would like a 'child to board; mother's
i care: nice healthy place. Call 23 Boyce st.,
off Point Lobos ave.; Geary-st. care.
LADY with own home would like 1 or 2 small
] children to board; good care. S21S 16th at.
j GOOD home for 2 children; terms reasonable;
| furnished room for parent. 249 Shipley st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— ROOMING: fine location; bargain this day.
See COWING & CO., 719 Market at
A— SHOE store; good location; clears $500 to $600
mo.; bargain. COWING A CO., 719 Market st.
I A GROCERY and bar; best ever offered for
! wale. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
: A SALOON downtown; money-maker; come
; quick. COWINO & CO.. 719 Market st.
1 A— SODA water business for one-half Its value;
i sIcknegB. COWING L CO., 719 Market tt.
j A— LIVERY and boarding stable; park location;
i good chance. COWING A CO., 719 Market.
i A— PLUMBING shop; fine location: snap for
I good man. COWIN.G & CO., 719 Market «t.
j A— RESTAURANT In beat part of city; rnutrt
! be sold this day. COWING. 719 Market et.
M. GRIFFIN,
] 719 Market et, room 1. Tel. Black 1803.
j Pork and sausage stores, $300 and $.',00
I Restaurants. $3iO. $600, $700 and 26oi)
: Oyster house, average daily sales $20 500
; Saloons. $1750 (water front), $450 400
Branch bakeries, $500, $300 and 125
Livery stable; don't fall to Investigate it.
1 Grocery stores, $1250. $1300, $1SOO, $5to and.. 4^
Business chances a specialty. See me first.
'. M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, r. 1.
i £*!ls all kinds of businesses. See him.
A— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, groceries,
' at a sacrifice; fine location; good stock and
fixture*; 4 living rooms. Lane Sc Co., 865 Mkt.
$755 — STATIONERY store: fine location; large
stock; nice fixtures; splendid business; 3 rms.;
bargain. We have a large list of good business
j places of all kinds. Lane &. Co., S65 Market.
HONEST speculation through security invest
ment by my method Is not for speculators
who are looking for exorbitant profits, but
for those who are seeking reasonable, regular
I tt secure returns on their money; investments
! by this method in wheat & stocks has satis-
fied my customers; send for free particulars;
customer, banking A exchange house refer-
ences; correspondence solicited. R. JONES,
Investment Broker, 40 Exchange place. N. Y.
LOANS on all kinds of brlc-a-brac. statuary,
curios, wedgewood, Dresden ware, ivorys,
bronzes, silver ware and all articles of vaiue;
lowest interest; private entrance- and room;
perfect secrecy; phone Brown 246; established
1801. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
SALOON in wholesale district: rent $50; good
corner: doing a good business ; price $330.
SCHWEINHARD A CO., 917 Market St., bet.
Fifth and Sixth; phone Mint 19U.
$76— A SNAP; bakery, stationery, cigar and
candy store: three living rooms; rent cheap;
must be sold I Immediately; other business.
Apply E3S Sixth st.
FOR sale— First-class hotel of 86 ro6ms; pays
25 per cent on Investment; call next week, be-
tween 10 and 11; only responsible parties need
apply. 1507 Polk st. f
LADT or gent with $500 to take an interest in
a traveling enterprise; already invested $3000;
profits $400 per month; interview only. Box
4137. Call office.
S1220 WII-L buy dairy, dairy produce, candy,
branch bakery: dally receipts over $40; trial
given; sickness cause of selling. Box 3S16,
Call offlce :
FXDR sale — Cigar ctand near theaters; positive
sacrifice; new stock and fixtures. Particulars ',
Inquire Hallwood Cash Register. 1329 Market.
RESTAURANT and chicken ranch, both in
good running crder; incubators and brooders.
Inquire 2137 Center fit.. East Berkeley.
WANTED— Capital; newly patented 3 ball bear-
lng for carriages and wagons and puocture-
lfss bicycle tire. Box 4198. Call offlce.
WANTED— Promoter who can organise a stock
company; no cheap person wanted. Address
box 4120. Call office.
WANTED— Physician for good location. A4-
dress C. W. f box 412L Call office, before I
p. m.. Monday, 29th.
STATIONERY and notion store for sale; three
llvirr roomi: laundry offlce; no asenta. *10
Turk sc ¦ i
nUSI.XESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
$500— CORNER grocery; new stock, furniture
Included; residence cash location. pSt/Sfnp
• J250— Good will and part of furniture In 86
rooms.
! $850— Butcher shop downtown; well estab-
lished; old trade.
J950 — Private houee: rooms and board; finely
furnished; centraL
J11C0— Saloon on main street; stock and flx-
1 tures; rays well.
J275(i— lodging house; 40 rooms; modern build-
' ing; clear* 1140 monthly.
SiCOO— General store; stock worth $5000; sub-
urbs of Oakland.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S 1 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— A partner with some ca«h; manu-
facturing: exclusive business: good money
from the etart: will bear investigation. Call
; or write HKRRICK, 631 Randolph st., Napa.
i $10.000— SOUND Investment; one of the best-
pay fnz merchandise businesses in Oakland;
established for years; safe and profitable In-
' vestment; half cash, balance in property. B.
' I E. BL'NCE. S,">2 Broadway, Oakland.
¦ HALF interest In restaurant and coffee house,
413 Market st.; grand offer for right man:
sen-Ing 500 for lunch; small rent; everything
new; trial allowed for Investigation.
FOR SALE-Half Interest In one of the best
retail grocery stores In the city; a good gro-
I eery man desired. Address Grocer, box 3847.
, I Call office.
j iZM— FRUIT store; 2 furnished rooms; receipts
I 130 per day; good horse and wagon; full value
in sight. MCLAUGHLIN, 777 Market st.
OYSTER and chop house; well fitted up; 2 fur-
nished rooms; doing pood business; going
' ' East; no agents. 262 Third st.
• WANTED— Barber shop for cash or suitable
' j store on or near Market. Box 41, Call offlce.
. j BARGAIN — Long-established paint shop for
sale; good location. Call at 3306 Powell tt.
] WILL put delivery wagon on and work In store
I or shop. $70 month. Cox 4125, Call offlce.
AN Al business opportunity for man with
small capital. Box 4133, Call offlce.
A— $500: PARTNER wanted In coffee and choD
house: Incoming partner will be required to
attend cash counter; no experience necessary;
owner has two places; fine trade; trial given
to parties meaning business; no agents. Box
! 3812. Call offlce.
I CIGAR store for sale; good location; fine flx-
; ! tures. Apply 28 Eddy st.
1 j CHICAGO Brokerage Co., 305 So. 63d ave., Chl-
1 ! capo— Sells your business or farm for cash
1 ¦ wherever located; get partner or sell your
1 patent.
I LADY wants partner with some means in pay-
j ing business: security for cash Invested. Call
: or address 944 Mission Bt.
j MARK STROfSES Bay City Market will be
! sold at public auction MONDAY, October 29,
' 1900, at 12 o'clock noon, at premises. 113S-1146
Market st.
f GROCERT and bar for sale; good location; also
I coal yard: will be sold separately or com-
bined; good investment. Apply J. J. CLARKE,
I grocer. Mission St., near Twenty-second.
I $KO0— CIGAR store and billiard hall: clears $150
per month. W. C FLETCHER. 1754 Seventh
I ft.. "West Oakland.
GROCERY and bar in good location; stock in
rlpht for full purchase price. W. L. HAR-
PER. 313 Examiner building.
I FOR sale — Wood and coal vaTd. with improve-
; ments; long lease. Apply 1113 Folsom Bt.
I HO MADE per week; profession taught, $25.
' Particulars 621 Larkln st. : call in evening.
FOR Fale— $600; fine restaurant on K St.: good
patronage: terms reasonable. Address R.,
P. O. box 380. Sacramento, Cal."
! GOOD-PAYING business for sale in a flourish-
Ing town. Address C. M. W., 502 Virginia St..
, Vallejo. Cal. j
FINE large store to let on O'Farrell St., near
Powell; suitable for any business; cheap rent.
Apply at 15 Grant ave.
A BARGAIN; corner grocery, with bar; cash
business; Mission district; no agents; terms
cash; investigation invited. Box 4193. Call.
I $430— RESTAURANT; fine morning and even- ;
I ing trade; every thing in complete running
order; present owner 4 years; investigate. 233
* Sixth -t.
j FINE location for shoe store; no or>t>osltlon:
fixtures complete: 4 rooms. Northeast corner .
I Clement st. and Third ave.; Sutro cars pass.
! $500— BRANCH bakery, candy, cigars, notions,
'. stationery: near transfer corner. 2S4 Valencia.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. 51 per year. ;
i LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
! 5 ROOMS, well furnished $300
In rooms, a little money maker 575
1 14 rooms, income $125. cash only 650
18 rooms, good location, very cheap at... 800
I 45 rms., fain, hotel, clears $450 mo., cash.. 3500
I 15 rooms, splendid corner 300O
' 110 rooms, best house In city, offers wanted.
I Cafh or easy payments. Bargains for _11.
HAYES & WILSON, 83S Market (The Elite).
i 11-ROOM house; south Market st.; must sell
to-day; a snap; $210. HAYES & WILSON,
83S Market St. (The Elite).
M. GRIFFIN.
I 719 Market St.. room 1. near Call building.
j Downtown flat, rent $25, elegant fur $230
14 room.", full, rent $40, Rnap 350
30 rooms, rent $100, Income $229, all men.. 1700
36 rooms, new hard wood, central corner.. 1800
2* rooms, always full, rent $85 930
Abstract free. Money to loan at lowest rate.
i L"i ROOMS; rent $27 M (cheap) $450
! 2'"> rooms; rent $30 (corner) 600
i IS rooms; rent $60 (central) 900
90 rooms; rent J100 (paying) 2700
60 rooms; rent J2S0 (Market) 5500
Large list of houses. Money loaned buyers
at 2 per cent. SCHWEINHARD & CO.,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market, bet. 5th and 6th.
BARGAINS to-day; come early.
I House of 8 rooms; $300; Howard Bt.
: House of 70 rooms; J3S00.
J House 36 rooms; Golden Gate; $1600.
• House 10 rooms; $600; must be sold to-day.
I HoUFe of 18 rooms: 1500.
Houfo S4 rooms; Geary; $3500.
, NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Eddy st
i A— 22-ROOM rooming house; central $1000
2*>-room house; first class 1050
11-room house; $475; 6-room flat 325
20-room house; Eddy; rent $75; only 900
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market et
, ROOMING-HOUSE of 70 rooms, elegantly fur-
nished and the best-paying house In San
Francisco; sick relatives cause of Belling.
I • Address box 4438, Call office.
1 $1400— HOTEL; 56 furnished rooms; clears $200
a month; near railroad shops. $1000— Lodging-
house; 26 furnished rooms; on one floor: nets
$<>0 per month; near railroad shops. W. C
FLETCHER. 1754 Seventh «t.. West Oakland.
$150— BARGAIN; lodging-house of 14 rooms.
| Apply 439 Dupont st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EQAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW ft 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — IF you are going to consult a medium or
calmist why not consult the best?
ELIZABETH SANDERS, 614 Taylor at,
only medium in the United States who has
1 ' three separate and distinct bands.
A HINDOO BAND
i for developing mediums, teaching occult sci-
ence and giving good luck In business and
! all affairs of life and for healing.
! A QUAKER BAND
! for revealing- the spiritual side of life and
the interpretation of the Bible. - -
A BUSINESS BAND
composed of all kinds of business spirits, each
person to his or her occupation. Each person
Fpondlne $1 will be presented with a good-
luck penny: sittings $1 and upward: ladles'
circle Thursday 2 p. m. : public circle* Frl-
dai'. 8 p. m. Circles, 25c; everybody gets a
test. 514 Taylor st.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawrults, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun.,Wed.,Frl,
ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
513 Eddy st.. bet. Hy<1e and Larkln; no sign.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3S5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings; convincing teats to-night: 10c.
BUSINESS medium. 2908 Otis st. bet. Mason &
_Russell. Afhby sta., 8. Berkeley; sit, dally.
MRS. LESTER, medium and palmist, 621 Turk
*t.; circles Sun., Tues., Fri., 8 p. m., 25c.
MRS. KOTTER'S circle; test to all, 10c: sittings
daily; Udles. &0c; gents, $L 34 Sixth at.
EDWARD EARLE. psychic. 128 Powell St.;
hours, i tot; Sunday at K. of P. Hall.
MMK. MAJORS. gifted eplrtual medium,
healer and card reader. 1S2 Sixth st, room 1.
CONSULT Watson, 1581 Mkt, nr. 12th; famous
medium A palmist; advice infallible: 25c up.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. ; . busl-
nees medium, life reader; fittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant A card
reader, born with double veil & second sight ;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles
EOc. gent $1; palm and clalr. alt $1 60. 126 Turk.
IBM AR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
JUST returned, MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clalrvoy-
. ant, card reader; mental questions answered;
ladlea, 25c; gents. SOc. 34 Sixth st. room «.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader,
trance ¦ medium; 16c up.823Mlssion st ;ring bell.
CLAIHYO YANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY. ,
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncurtained years ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
ctss Is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fied In life, consult ISMAR, for she is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame, and her name has
become a proverb in thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sun-
days by appointment only, at her offlce, 1148
Market, opp. 6th. Full life reading by mall $5.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL,
425 Golden Gate avenue.
Late of Los Angeles.
Mr*. Duval Is a natural born clairvoyant and
business medium. She tells your past, present
and future life, diagnose* diseases, cures deaf-
ness, etc. If there are obstacles in the path of
your life she can tell you how to overcome them
and how to avoid them.
Mrs. Duval has practiced successfully In Los
Angeles for the past nine yeara for all the prin-
cipal business people, as well as those In the
highest society, ami still has patrons there, to
whom she will continue to give her valuable
advice. ______
MRS. E. SANDERS, 514 Taylor st, near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles" circle Thurs.. 2 p. m.: Fri.. 8: rtr.. 'ioc.
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs In life; satisfaction guar-
anteed ; 25c up. 17 Third nt.. next Examiner.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth st, room 14.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44«4 Jessie st.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clalrvoyant.wa-
ter reader, moveij to 11 Sixth; German apoken.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c and 50c. 7 aeventh.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psyrhometrist. palm-
ist and card reading. 25c. 124114 Market st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 425 Golden Gate ave.
'• MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
I palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA read: life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. B Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
STANDARD. SIS Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair: carpets cleaned.
8c yd: layins a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN you become diepufted with poor work
uend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Work*. 253-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard, laid at 5c.
BTRATTON'8. 3 Eighth Bt.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; teL Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South »60.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel Main 39 1. QEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 12&.
CHIROPODISTS.
BL'NIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
jjfelnlesa: consult' n free. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 937 Market Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
2 COTTAGES, 4 and E rooms, in order. SAL-
INGER, Grocer, Wood St.. cor. Pt Loboti.
$10 — COTTAGE 3 sunny rooms; yard; water.
134 Rose ave.. between Gough and Octavla.
DENTISTS.
A^h^iEL^Crl^-I^EN^TAL^CLINTa 80<TMa£
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT pr.lzes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fllllngs; extractions or flllings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEOHOE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
i A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
I warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate: fllllngs, 60c;
crowns. $3 50; plates, full set, $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
"MAIN Offlce" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bride's;, teeth extracted ;
positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from *8 per set; extracting, SOc; gas given.
LOWEST prices charged for conscientious work '
executed by graduate dentists at Standard
Dental Parlors, r. 64, Murphy bldg., 1136 Mkt. ]
PARIS Dental Parlor, 2S5 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. J4; crowns. »3; fillings. 25c.
I DR. WALSH. S15»i Geary, nr. Larkln-PalnleTs I
j extraction 60c; plates S3 up; teL Polk 1135. '
! LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,
50c. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th. j
VAN VROOM-"Palnless"; evenings and Sun- \
j days. 1001 Market «t.. corner Sixth. !
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O. YOUNO. I
IS41 Polk st. •>.-..»
¦ I
DOG HOSPITALS. ;
r>R. BUZARD'S dog hosp^ItalTpoet. Flllmore-^ !
Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits, $1 50; all !
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636. •
pitESSMAKEKS AND SEAMSTRESSES j
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; caliandexl j
I aml "e work; send for circular. 1236 Market j
i ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat- !
¦ Ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt. j
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School; !
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market Bt
} 6 F. Dressmaking, Ladles 1 Tailoring and MI1-
llnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness. I
DOBS BROS.' tailor system taught. 10 Metcalf j
place, near Mason, off Geary.
K D U C ATIO X AL. ¦
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
enorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course, t50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing,- lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .'}¦''
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st • day
and evening; Individual instruction, JS per
month; life scholarship. $50: bookkeeping, j
shorthand, telagraphy, etc.; catalogue free. I
SPANISH classes day and evening, 305 Larkln
st. cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week, $3 a
month; also private. PROF. F. M. VIZCAINO.
EOOKKEEPINO, free trial; private lessonb; 8
mofl. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR. expert accnt. 720 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. O. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy:
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgr.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st. « -;¦:.. ¦¦¦:.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mlnln*, —lech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SPANISH— Dally lessons, tl a week; 4 to 9 p.
m. : room 42, fourth- floor, Parrott building.
FTIENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. D» Fill ppe'« Academy
of Languages, 320 Post ; vstabld. 1871 ;able«t profs. ,
SPANISH, French. German, singing, piano, $1
mo.; hours. 2-4. 6-8. 1236 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'3 DAY and
ILLUSTRATION'— Night class. 4*4 Pine st.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkln st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.'
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
• tractor; 'estab. over. 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE • and Chinese i Employment Offlce ;
best help furn.; tel. John 212L 806V4 Stockton.
FRED WAMATS. Japanese. Chinese contractor;
emp. office. 544 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main .1S8.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks.
dishwashers; est. 1890. .1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn. ; domestic aerv. 417 Powell ; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. BlackS072.
CHINESE and 'Japanese Employment Offlce
Best help.. 41ift O'Farrell Bt; tel. East 426. *
EMPLOYMENT WAXTBD— FEMALE,
A NEAT, responsible, middle-aged woman
good cook, desires situation to do cooking and
limited housework; capable of taking ful
charge: references; carfare. Address or cal
for 3 days 429 Fell st.
WANTED— By thorough business woman, posi-
tion to introduce to the trade a specialty ol
merit; or position of trust; excellent buslnesi
references. Address Capable, 713 Shrader »t
COMPETENT nurse wants .position caring foi
Invalid or Infant; confinement cases a spe-
cialty; prices reasonable. Call or address 221
Eleventh gt. _
A RELIABLE woman wants any kind of llghi
work by the day or half-day. Address ~loA
Post st.
POSITION wanted by an experienced lady a:
cashier and saleslady In restaurant and bak-
I ery; can furnish references. M. H., 204 2d st
I A SWEDISH Blrl of experience; cook axii
housework; city references; call from 10 to 5
1050 Howard st. room 9. .
YOUNG lady owning typewriter wishes copy-
| ing; home or offlce. Box 3843. Call offlce.
! A NURSE would like the charge of mental oi
aged case; hospital experience; references.
Box 3S14. Call offlce. ¦
POSITION as housekeeper wanted by a young
woman; can give best of references. Addresi
box 3S13, Call offlce.
WANTED— By reliable woman, position as
housekeeper; city or country. Box 4111. Call.
YOUNG woman with small child wishes re-
spectable position as housekeeper: prefer on*
where other help is kept Box 4112. Call.
YOUNG woman wishes position to do house-
work and plain cooking. 1020 Howard st,
between Sixth and Seventh.
THOROUGHLY experienced German Infant' i
and child's nurse, to take entire charge; city
or country; best of references. Address box
4106, Call office. _
GRADUATE nurse French Hospital needt
wcrk; all cases undertaken; with or without
doctor. Box 3845. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED woman speaking French well
desires situation for cooking and housework;
references at present situation. 1900 DeviBa-
dero at.; cor. Pine.
A WOMAN would like to take full charge of a
rooming-house; has had ten years' experience.
Call at 88 Third St.. room 17. .
COMPETENT woman wishes position as house-
keeper: city or country. Box 4131. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish oook wants a position
in private family; wages $30 to $35. Pleasa
call 1236 Bush »t.
COMPETENT German woman wants work by
the day. washing,- ironing, cleaning; Western
Addition only; no postals. Address 1203 Val-
lejo at.
MOTHER and daughter would like a few of-
fices to clean, houeecleanlng or any kind of
work forenoons.- Box 3820. Call offlce.
FRENCH teacher desires position as visiting
governess, companion or teaching; references.
Box 8S19. Call offlce.
ELDERLY lady would like a position to assist
in light housework; small pay. 29 Eddy at.,
room 31.
POSITION as governess or housekeeper In fam-
ily; English and German spoken. Call or ad-
dress 1SS2 Mission St.. bet. 2 and 4 p. m.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket-2C0 rooms; 25c to $180 night, $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
I and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 1036
' Valencia st.
| E MPLOYMEXT WANTED— •MALE.
A MAN, 46 years, reads and writes, the English
and speaks Spanish, Portuguese and the Ital-
ian languages, has experience of 5 years in
clothing business, 12 years' experience In
liquor business as bartender, 5 years' experi-
ence in cigar and candy business. 6 years' ex-
perience in poolroom, strictly temperate,
would like Job In any line of business; 8
months from the East; bonds if required.
j Box 4116, Call.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and gardener: compe-
tent In every respect; sober and reliable man;
best city refs. Address G. W.. S25 Mission st.
STEADY, reliable young man wishes situation
j as porter or night watchman; best of refer-
ences. C. L.. 825 Mission st
YOUNG man, well educated In English and
German, desires position of any kind; refer-
I ences and security given. J. SHILLING, 1581
! Valencia st.
i SOBER. Industrious young man desires to be
I farmer; small wages; near city. Address box
I 8S37, Call office,
j YOUNG man, 33, educated business experience,
sober, reliable, wants situation as manager,
j salesman or clerk. Box 3S44, Call offlce.
YOUNG man, understands placer mining and
| offlce work, wants position. Box 3S35, Call.
I BOY wants position on Saturday in drug store.
Box 8S34. Call offlce.
! MIDDLE-AGED man, having had 3 years' ex-
i perience at painting, vi tabes work. Address
I FRANK WILSON. 124 Sixth st. room 23.
STATIONARY engineer wishes position. Ad-
dress box 3SS0, Call office.
YOUNG . handy man wants position as porter;
i understands gardening work, or to go as
j nurse in private family; best reference. Box
I. 3S29. Call offlce. ¦
I SITUATION wanted by flrst-class coachman
I and gardener and man about place; good care-
| ful driver; quick worker and handy man with
tools. Box 4114, Call.
| PRIVATE secretary desires engagement Ad-
I dress Traveler, box 4115, Call.
j YOUNG man, 21 years old, would like position
of any kind. Address 18 Lewis St.. off Taylor.
i BUTCHER, young man, would like situation in
| shop or drive wagon. S30 Mission st
! COACHMAN or groom; one who thoroughly un-
j derstands the care of carriage and roadster
j horses and fine harness; does his own cllp-
|. ptng and trimming; good reference. Box
! 4123. Call.
! COACHMAN, first-claes all-around man; can
j do gardening or milking if necessary; thor-
oughly competent: city and country refer-
' erncea. Box 4122. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED good hotel waiter desires
steady position. Address H. KIEHL. New
| Atlantic Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
j EXPERIENCED, reliable cigar clerk wishes
steady place; reasonable salary; beet refer-
ences. Address box 411S,« Call offlce.
WANTED — By a practical engineer of 15 years'
experience: understands the dynamo; good
reference. Address box 4126, Call offlce.
RELIABLE young man wants work In whole-
sale or retail store as porter or teamster; un-
derstands packing: reference. Box 4127, Call.
STEADY young man wants position as night
watchman. Call or address 3-12 San Carlos
ave.. bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first sts.
YOUNG mail wlBhes situation as porter or
watchman: hotel or otherwise. Box 4134. Call.
EXPERIENCED young man wants position as
porter or pantryman; hotel preferred. Box
4136, Call offlce.
GENTLEMAN desires position as coachman:
understands business thoroughly; good refer-
j ences. Box 3S23. Call office.
YOUNO man, flrst-class stenographer, started
studying law, desires position In law offlce;
will leave city. Address box ?S21, Call offlce.
A FIKST-CLASS gardener wants position on
place: city or country; best of references.
Bex 273S, Call.
FIRST-CLASS designer, cutter and fitter on
ladies' tailor-made cloaks and suits desires a
position. Box 3S10. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, age 26, good education and ad-
dress, want" situation as showroom salesman
or traveler; ten yeara' experience; highest
references and bond if required. Address box
4128. Call offlce.
ADVERTISER, age 26, well educated, good or-
tranUer. wants responsible position at home
or abroad; accustomed to tropical climate;
BDeaks Spanish; excellent references. Ad-
dress box 2S05, Call offlce. j
swede 35 wants position as porter, hotel
country: undemands bar and horses; smart
and handy. Box 4197, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS cook, baker and meat cutter
desires situation on ocean steamer. Address
; M. V. E.. 153% Third St.
MILKER (Swiss) and wife, cook, want work
on ranch; city or country. 1309 Stockton st;
GERMAN grocery clerk and barkeeper wishes
situation: sober; references; city or country
Address C. JURGENSEN. 8 Sliver st.. San
Francisco.
MACHINIST, middle-aged; uses neither drink
nor tobacco, seeks situation as vise or bench
hand or any place of trust; part time If de-
sired. 631 Post st. -
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions : has been established at 10»«
Valencia st. .
EXCHANGE. "
$5000— HANDSOME . modern 2-story hous« of 7
rooms and bath; lot 50x130; choice avenue
near university; Including elegant furniture-
cheap; or exchange on farm in Sonoma or
bay counties. Address R., box 114, CaJl offlce.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined- free;, spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
;- : -_ _¦_-;-, ._ _ _ FINANCIAL. ,:' ; v r> '
IF you hav«: stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
. DERWRIT1NG.CO.. 604 Parrott buUdlni.
FLATS TO LET.
A— SNAP: 2 coty flats of S rooms; 18 days free;
j $9 per month. 65OA and 65OC Jessie St.
} A SUNNY flat 4 rooms and bath: ne»lrtlnt(<l
1 and painted; large basement; t». » Langton.
• A 4-ROOM lower flat, yard. $10. 41 Russ «t.
bet. . Sixth and Seventh, near Mission.
' FLAT 6 rooms and bath. 2T»H Mis-ion sC.
' between Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
• FLATS 5 and 6 rooms; sunny; fine view; largo
r yard. 707 Stockton st. • __________
3 FTjAT with 6 rooms and bath; rent J22. (31
McAlliBter Bt.
t IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
I from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
. LOWER sunny 6-room flat. NE. corner Jackson
j and Larkln; vacant Nov. 1; rent $30. Inquire
1806 Larkln st.
: NEW modern flat 4 sunny rooms, yard, rent
1 |10 50. 4332 Seventeenth Bt.
• SUNNY bay-window flat: 6 rooms and bath.
3307 Twenty-first St.. corner Valencia.
' SUNNY flat, 4 rooms. 210 Willow ave.. above
. Van Nets. | _____
r 5 SUNNY rooms; 900 Bryant st.. cor. Seventh;
cheap; apply corner, bet. 1 and 3 p. m.
' 5 ROOMS and bath; 3711 Seventeenth st:
• rent {IS. ,
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
• 110-4 SUNNY rooms. 257 Dore st. bet Ninth
; and Tenth sts.. oft Harrison.
» J18— UPPER bay-window flat, 6 rms., bath: fine
view. lCf.9 Broadway, bet. Taylor and Jones.
\ FLATS WASTE D.
- A— NOTICE: owners attention! We guarantee
1 to rent good house? and flats In three to nr-
' twTSayV A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
: ~— ¦——" --———-——¦— ¦"¦~~"~~~ — ~**~~~~*~~**~~~~"
FURNITURES FOR SALE.
' FOR sale-1116H Larkln st. until Tu« da y. fur-
niture and carpets of 4 rooms. Call 10 to 4.
1 4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $41 1 60. with No.
! 7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mar-
• ket St.; telephone South (37.
[ FURXITURE WANTED.
CHAS LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
- pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 78L
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
• price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
i ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
¦ Auctioneer— L. Vincent 1305 Larkin; tel Polk 631.
i furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red P53.
HELP _». AXTED— FEMALE.
'¦ C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 183
.......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, first-class cafe, country, }23 and
$30; 2 waitresses, city, 120; 8 waitresses, dif-
ferent commercial hotels. $29; 4 chamber-
maids. Southern California, $20; 2 chamber-
maids to watt. $20; chambermaid to wait
country, $25; woman cook, $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman with a child, country, $15, see party
here 9:30 Monday; invalid's nurse, Alameda.
, $20; houseglrls, Modesto, Oakdale. Berkeley,
I Rj-de. Willows. Fresno, Santa Cruz, $15 to
S-5; 10 houseglrls. city, going wages; young
nurserirl. care of 2 children, references. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
\ WANTED— Experienced operators on boys'
knee pants; steady work: good wages; also
apprentices. N. EPSTEIN. 1034 Folsom st
WANTED— Ladies to copy letters at home,
everywhere'; pleasant work; good pay; full
particular*, terms, etc.; reply with stamp.
THE CUTLER CO.. Dept. 3. Chicago, III.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework:;
wages $25 per znou'h. Apply at 934 Halght st.
ACTIVE, hustling lady to solicit advertise-
; ments; liberal pay. Box 3S36. Call office.
WANTED — Stenographer; one with some
knowledge of bookkeeping preferred. Box
, 3S39. Call offlce.
WANTED— A housekeeper a short distance in
the country. Address, stating age and wages,
I. D.. box 3533, Call offlce.
GIRL for general housework, family of three,
Oakland. Call Monday at 124 Kearny, r. 43.
FIRST-CLASS talloresa on coats; also appren-
tice. J. ASHER, 455H Minna st
FIRST-CLASS cloak hands and furrier. Ap-
ptv at 1200 Geary st.. after 7 p. m.
WANTED — First-class cloak hands and fur-
rier. Apply at 1200 Geary st. Sunday, be-
tween 1 and 4 and after 7 p. m.
PROTESTANT young woman for general
housework, cooking; wages $20; refs. Apply
$82 Fulton, bet. 10 a. m. and IX m., Monday.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
214 Hyde st.
WANTED — Nursery governess; German pre-
ferred; must be willing and obliging; refer-
ence required. Call forenoon. 1814 Pacific ave.
OPERATORS on infants' and children's wear;
must be experienced. 1033 Market st.
A GERMAN housekeeper, between the ages
of 20 and 40 years, for a man and his three
children. 230 Hollis Bt, North Oakland, be-
tween 2 and 6 p. m. Sunday.
NEAT girl for general housework and cooking.
1305 Gough Bt : -: ..
LADIES accustomed to doing all kinds of em-
broideries. Call 513 Post st.
WANTED— Immediately, a bright woman about
SO for position of trust; no stenography; ref-
erences. Box 4130, Call offlce.
OPERATORS, finishers and apprentices on
vests. BELASCO & HARRI3 CO., 641 Market.
AN experienced solicitor to represent six up to
date works for the holiday trade; lady or
gentleman. Room 74. 6 Eddy st
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
cooking; small family; no children; wages $23
to $30. Apply 82S O'Farrcll st
EXPERIENCED sewers on underskirts In fao-
tory; steam power. A. AARON. £79 Mission.
GOOD finisher on pants, 83 Third st, upstairs.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 710 Polk st.
YOUNG lady office assistant wholesale house.
Address with reference and state experience,
box 2375. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats: steady
work. 4UH Kearny st.
PATTERNS! PATTERNS! PATTERNSI
At the McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School: all late patterns cut to order; satis-
faction guaranteed: sewing department open
to all; bring your material and make It under
a competent dressmaker; superior advantages
in millinery department; Pratt system of N
Y. taught; hats trimmed to order. McDOW-
ELL'S. 1018 Market st. "
MIDDLE-AGED woman, intelligent and ener-
getic, to represent established firm, offlce
manager; conducted from one's own home* to
right party $1000 yearly. Mgr. Branch Offlce
Dept. 502. Star bldg., Chicago.
A LIMITED number of bright young girls -will
be taken for Instruction in our white shirt
and overall departments; paid while learning.
Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough and
Grove sts.
A LADY of indomitable, energy, po-seased of
?elf-assertion; good opportunity to right narty
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building/^'
WANTED-Neat girl for light chamber work
and newinsr and make hen-elf generally use-
& 1 . D ?T t i? n of each day b * tha monthT Box
3842. Call offlce.
W / A n TE * r^7, S^ eslady for ladl « 8 ' Coring storo.
Call at 113 Grant ave.. between the hours Vf
11 a. m. and 12:30 p. m.
SM m, RT y°un* Kir} to learn to be a medium:
w'ri'trto'bor^. c^ofg 88100 * 1 ~
WANTED-A French woman (Parisian) for
M27. m Can W o°fflce and a "" l9t WUh chlldr «»- Box
WANTED-Flrst-class fitter for ladles' tailor.
Ing. Address box 3328. Call office. "" lor *
GIRL for general housework; waitt SIS. SJ»
Twenty-second St.. near Valencia,
"chnd T r^-^ n frsmr .,* **» "" <*
GI cgiVdr O e r n WO 1 m 0 a 8 n G t e°arV'^ ""* *»*wS"S
EXPERIENCED girl for candy stor*! £_
Sixth at.
WANTED— Experienced operators on shirts- a
few Inexperienced taught. Apply Sj. tTtt
KITS & CO., 29 and 31 Battery it
A-CLOAK and suit saleswoman wanted who
w has had good experience. Address, stating
Can^'fic™ em Pl°yed. "Cloaks," box 3808,
WANTED— Experlenc«d starchers; new shirts
only laundered. EAGLESOX & CO?, 535 Mar!
K6t Bt* I______K
SEWING girls, attention !-Experlenced opera-
tors en dress and negligee shlrta' steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co.. 17 Jessie at.
TWO good experienced vestmakera; steady
work and good wages. Apply 1110 Market st
:W ANTED— A finisher, on Jackets and skirts:
steady work. Ladles' Tailor. 841 Post ic
LADIES to solicit; novelty comet: quick sales;
salary and commission. Box 3S73. Call. j
HELP WANTED — FEMAliB.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore et.
HELP WA.NTED-MALE.
A-MURRAT St READY Phone Main 4SS3
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAT
CARPENTERS CARPENTER3
6 carpenters for a mine $S2 50 and found
5 carpenters, bridge and trestle work, near
city *3 a day
B0 laborers, city and country.. a 75 and |2 day
tank cooper harness maker
blacksmiths itablemen
10 plow teamsters and farmers.. $2 St. 130 k. fd
milkers and butter-makers J3O and fa
carriage painters, drillers
100 woodchoppers and tiemaker*. provlalons
furnished
farmer and wife W0 and found
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St.
A— COOKS, city and country, $30, S35 and $40
and found: markers and other laundry help;
experienced man, delicatessen store; boy to
drive bakery wagon, 120 and found; elevator
y ' "MURRAY & REAPY. C4-<38 CUy st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CCS 104 Oeary Bt.
RAILROAD WORK
tQ» teamsters. R. R. work. Nevada 12 a day
10 stonemasons. R. K. culvert work. Nevada..
$3 50 a day
FREE FARE ....SHIP DAILY SIIRDLULL'
Free Fare '.Ship Dally Fre« Fare
< carpenters. S3 a day; Ingersoll drillers. S3 a
day; bench hand and wood turner for planing
mill, country; gardener, private place, coun-
try, $3; butler, good references, $4S.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— 100 COAL miners for New Mexico. J"or par-
ticulars apply
C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 Geary !t.
A FOREMAN for electrical work. M 60 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
OFFICE boy for this ofSce.
C. R. HANSEN A CO 1C4 Geary it.
A-TWO bell boys, first cla«s hotels. $15 and
120. C R. HAN3EN & CO.. 1M Oeary »t.
BARKERS' Progressive Union— Fnsa employ.
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jesgl» 152.
WANTED— Superintendent for aawmlll and
general work connected with lumber business :
must be thoroughly competent, eonvarsant
with all the details of lumber trade and cap-
able of managing a large business; none but
practical men with Iarg* experience and
first-class references need apply. Address,
giving experience, salary expected. X Y Z,
box 3S31, Call office; all communications con-
fidential.
WANTED— Salesmen to sell Imported and do-
mestic liquors, principally fin* Kentucky
whiskies and blends: case and barrel goods;
to Jobbers and saloon trade; good ehanca to
the right man; salary or commission. Ad-
dress R. 3. STRADER A SON. 63 and 71 E.
Water St., Lexington. Ky.
CARPENTERS, cabinet-makers, bench hands.
sash and door men, shaper and band sawyers.
¦ticker hands at Mechanics' Registration Bu-
reau, 410 Kearny. r. 9; non-union mechanics
please register; new Jobs dally; no office fees.
PHYSICIAN wants an honest, bright, intelli-
gent young man, about IS, to assist in office;
must write a good hand and have good refer-
ences. Address, stating full particulars, box
4135. Call office.
WANrtro— Experienced elevator man; stat*
age, experience, references, salary expected.
Apply box 4124. Call office.
WANTED— Young man of good habits as wrap-
per in Jewelry store; must wrlt« legible hand.
Box 3S03. Call office.
WANTED— First-class back and sheepskin
glove cutters on block. H. O. CONKL& &
CO., 413 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Aggressive, reliable real estata
salesman; give reference and salary expected.
Box 3S15, Call office.
WANTED— Bright errand boy: la to 14 years
old; references. Box 2833, Call offlcax
WA.NTED— An experienced book collector. Box
3840. Call office.
WANTED— Successful book salesmen; new
proposition; will pay you to Investigate.
Publishers' Advertising League^ (is Emma
Spreckels building.
MATTRESS maker wanted. Apply JOHN
BREUNER CO., 117 Geary st.
$73— PARTNER wanted in small restaurant:
130 month: no experience necessary. 494 4th.
BOY learn harness trade: one with some ex-
perience preferred. 2440 California st.
COATilAKER or par. t* maker; can have seat
room by yourself. 104 Kearny st. ; tailor shop.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 3 Jackson «t.
U. S. SLIPPERS; 680 pair from 25c up, at (35
Mission st.
¦WANTED— A man anxious t» work: steady
employment. Apply this morning E. L. FI-
FIELD & CO.. 63 Stevenson St.
BOY wanted In confectionery store; references.
1503 Geary st.
BOY wanted at Union-square Market, stalls 1
and 3. Powell St.. bet. O'Farrell and Geary.
WANTED— Third hand baker; $30 and found.
115 Oak st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1507 Market st. near
Eleventh; call early.
MAN wanted to drive an express wagon. 1SU
Market st., Monday, 7 a. m.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 108 Mont-
gomery st.. room s. third floor; convenient.
WANTED— A man to help In bakery. tZt Third
street. : ,i
WANTED— An apprentice on gentlemen's tail-
oring with some experienoe. SI? O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS pressman on custom pants;
steady work. Call to-day, 10 to 1. 4114 Kearny.
BARBER shop for sale. W Market St.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepax* for
postoffic* or any civil servloa examination
without seeing catalogue of Information. fr*-».
Columbian Corres. College. Washington. D. C
F.NGIXEERS, firemen, machinists, electrician*
¦ —Send for new 40- page pamphlet containing
list of questions asked by Examining Board of
Engineers. GEO. A. ZELLER. St. Louis. Mo.
MAN to travel and appoint agents: to satis-
factory hustler with good references S100O and
expenses: permanent; rapid promotion. Add.
Mgr. "Travelers," S01 Star bldg.. Chicago.
$11 STRAIGHT bona fide weekly salary direct
from office; expenses extra commissions; cap-
able men. women to represent ua appointing
agents: promotion and lncreast salary; n«w
line*. Butler A Alger. New HaTen, Conn.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable enarsry and push;
good opportunity to right -«¦»« P. PERSON.
room 412. Parrott building.
BOY as stenographer, typewriter and assistant
bookkeeper; wage*. $9 per week; answer la
own handwriting, stating age and references.
Box 3S07. Call office.
"WANTED— A boy to work In country printing
offlce; experience necessary. Apply 321 Saf*
Deposit building. Montgomery st., betw««a 1
and 3 p. m.. Monday.
ACTTV~E man for temporary local position;
several weeks: salary $3 per day. Globe Co..
723 Chestnut st. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— Family with team: tn» r*nt for
car* of ranch In Sonoma County. Call or
address 593 Geary st.
BOT to clean and work about candy stor» and
factory, |4 a week. Call H to 13 i m..
BLUM'S, corner Polk and Butter sts.
ORCHARD superintendent wants position or
will rent on shares. Address box 1694, Wal-
nut Creek.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailors wanted; highest
wages paid. FRANCI3. 79( Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS ladles tailors. VERDIER. »34
Geary st
WANTED-Errand boy! H DEMARTIN1
SUPPLY CO.. 51( Front St.
W ANTED — First-class experienced solicitors;
young men only. 2C« Sansome st, roora 30.
BARBERS; complete. 2-chalr shop for sale at
bargain. Call and Investigate. t&4 Sixth st.
WANTED— A place to stop for tha winter— Tnl«
can be found at the Adams House, 619 Sacra-
mento st, near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable bouses where countrymen comin?
to the city can find nictt. clean, cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCR££RT, Prop.
WANTED — A young man to act as floor
wajker; ona with good address and Stirling
habits; for Weln stock. Lualn & Co., Sicra-
mento. Apply at (23 Market st. near First,
between S and 3 p. m.
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced clothing
salesman; one who can talk Portuguese;, for
Sacramento. Apply at S23 Market at, roora 7,
between 2 and 3 p. m.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 larg*
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to iZ per- week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
Induce TD£Qts « c&t&lCif ii© ELUt l m ji p of c i t v f rc^«
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay »t.
PENSION'S— J. H. Shepard St Co.. old. reliable
firm. 806 Market, rm. 40. Phelan bldg.: pen-
sion vouchers executed. 25c: advice free.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hall
price. S63 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d its.
Shoelasters.Chaae mach. ; shoefltters.wa* thread.
Singer mach. D. R. Wentworth. W. Berkeley.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st near Mar-
ket: 7W rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; fr»S>
•bus and baggage to and from tha fsrr».IITor Additional Classified Advents*
ments Sea Pag« 38.
- .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.
37
HELP WASTED — MALE.
OET your shoes half soled while waiting- Me
to M>c. :*£ Mission Ft., bet 1st and 2d st*.
A— SALESMEN, office men and mechanics
eeeklng positions, call at 9 Geary »t. rm. 8.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
SOc. Boston House. 830 Howard et.
FTOLTZ. barber supplies, removed from 630
Mjirketjbasemjpnt) to 636 Market st. upstairs
GENTLKMEJi-S? suit* to order. $1 per week, at
<*««h prices. N. T. Tailoring Co.. 113 Kearny.
SAILERS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
,11 rarts of world. HERMAN'S; 26 Steuart
WANTED- a K ood~Ptieker hand; San Francisco
manufacturing establishment: steady ern-
1 ray to rIffht man - Box
MEN and women tn learn barber trade c v
BARBER <»l_t_B«EV^lA*H^r»_y_L
I nNPIONJ5_<;lF:O. n. CAMPBELLTfawyer 1«
yearf practice; Examiner building. 1
I LASSIKIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. KOO Fillmore "t
A K2255 ° ffl _'' > fcr OU1 advertisements and
Va]en?ia st" S " estabIi!tne<1 at 10S«
HK^OKJtHOIDS.
f2a^"2-t S^2 buMneE ' 1 «n«t In SaTT^ra^
r^f:, • an *? f< * ei y no oration: no pain; par-
-:jis sent. Ad. Physician, box lt.50. C.H.
!__! "*i__!:J!___l I ' : L___55 K » Etc— For sal^
4 HORSES for" saleTal^~wa*"TOsTbu^e7
-- rt *; T ai T 6s - Grar ' d Arrad « H«__ Market
MTtjr_$?/_T ? _H9__- 8ales •*"» Wednesday.
M LLI\ AN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
r »*_?t^"_*£!?** n _ food: k ** ps honM *' cowl '
_ P^_ltr>^ ajidjloir^heaHhy. 1253 Folsom et.. S. K.
co *'"- Corner Twentieth and Mln-
HOl'SES TO LET.
A-rRl.VTED Lfs : i r Hou*e9 to~ietT*^nTf or cir^
'Ular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A MODERN 12-room house on 1114 O'Farrell,
near Franklin.
i'APTRO, 74S — Nearly new house. 8 rooms airl
bath: good location and view. Apply premises. )
HOVSE to let 2C1 Ash a\enue. near Van Ness";
% rooms and bath: K8.
MODERN house; Pacific Heights; U ronmi and |
hath; 3415 Jacksrn st. : rer.t reasonable. Ap- I
Ply MADISON & BL'RKE. j
NEW house of S rooms and bath. Plxley ave.,
l>etween Killmore and Webster.
5^-- GOOD S-room house; heaithy location. 15*7 I
Ke;irr.y st., near Greenwich. i
HOUSES TO LKT KLRMSIIED.
A FURNISHED house containing 4 to 6 bed- ¦
rooms in Western Addition and north -.f ]
G«-ary et., for 4 or 6 monthF: rent must be
moderate. MANSFIELD LOVELL. 22 Call- I
fornia _t. i
COMPLETELY furnished house of 12 sunny j
rooms; 2 bathe; larp 1 * grounds; marine view; j
t*S. Southeast mr. Cireen nn<1 Leavenworth. '
iivrxuTi.u.
COMPLETE course instructions and diploma.
IS: cigarette and other bad habits cured.
PP.OFESSOIt E W. RAYMOND. SJ7 Market
•t.; hours 2 to 5 <5a!ly.
HTPNOTIFM surresEfuiiy taupfct in 6 one-hour
lenyong by PP.OF. DILLON'. 324 O'Farrell et.
LOST AM> KOl>D.
T.nsT— A ra-«*bnnk with the Hibernia Savings
¦ad Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of E. W. EMERSON: No. 130-074. The
Under will please return to bank.. '
J.< >.<r— Bank-book of Hibemia Bank. Finder
wi!l i->ase return to JOSEPH BECK. 21
1 Uyfle st.
J. REWARD for return of seven months' old
white bull pup: black epot ov» r rijtht eye;
*trav»<5 from 23 Sanchez St., Saturday even-
ing, Oct. 12.
LOST- Child's necklace; turquoise settln_; en- I
pravpd "MadiP": liberal reward if returned i
to 2320 Mission st-
I.<OHT— Silver mem.: monogram S. H. B., deer
V bead crest; reward. Room M. Chronicle bldg.
LOST— A black feather boa. Return to 3243
Twerty-thlrd st. and rect-ive reward.
ti^ 1 REWARD— Lost, a black cocker spaniel
dog; no hair on the back near the tail; an-
twers name of Jinks. IUturn SIS Pine, rm. 7.
FOl"NI>— In Gold*>r Cate Park, a g-ent'a over-
coat. Inquir-e r>21'4 Harrison Ft.
Q MEDICAL.
1>R. and MRS. DA VIES. 12!$ Market— Ladies'
apeclaU-t-; 32 yvars' practice; have treated
thousand* of caws successfully ; positive cure I
guaraareeAi at of nee; ladies treated can return '
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure, I
eny one can use it; perfectly harmness. Send I
stamps for circular.
JJR. G. XV. ODOXXELU move-J to 1018 Mar-
ket. opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' epecial-
ist; safe and reliable; practiced In San Fran-
cisco for years; treated thousands of cases
successfully; treatment can be used at home;
consultation free. Aftfr all others fail call
ti h.m.
DHS. GOODWIN', well-known ladies' specialists, 1
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable; ¦
cure SS: have treated thousands of cases with !
fucce**; 15 years' practice in S. F. : low fees. !
I0C7H Market «t.. near Sixth. i
MRP. DR. KOHL, ?:c MARKET 6T.. corner i
f txth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician; I
tr»a.im«T:t. S5: when others fall consult fre*
MRS. DR. KOHL. 9fT Market St.. oor. Sixth. I
IMPOP.TANT r.ottce for ladies— Help for the !
poor; cure reduced from S3 to $2 DO; every
woir_Ln her own pbs-tdaa; can be B»nt and
ufc*a hoa-.e. DR. POPPER, 323 Kearny st
MR8. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist : _5 yrs.'
pr_ct!c«: treatment at offlce. So; any all- !
xnent: consultztion free; guaranteed »12 :
Pott tt.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
>'O TOT KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion. cancer, catarrhs etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; «end for testimonials; advice free. Sanl-
tartum. 704 Sacramento gt.. corner Kearny.
HJ^DR- ALLEN, 1585 Market-Ladles' Fpe-
_ U:lrt: «"* fe *- d i*N-ble; consultation free:
fcoura 18 to t
PB. TTTEK. the ladies" specialist 1118 Market «.
CHEAPEST anfl bert in~7merlca3rne Weekly
£*Y: /*„ ******* F * nt t0 any -<Mre«a in the
I- cited Ftates or < 'ana da one year for tl. ;
aUSCELLAaiiOth— FOK SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Zd-hand machinery M_-
IKTOSH 6c WOLPMAN. 19S-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
fcave a lance et<x:k cf saloon outfits on hand;
S2 complete outfits on our floor, ready made'
w» can ehip everything: In 24 hours, j'
NOON AN. 1017. Uil». 1C21. 1023 Mission et '
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at C_8 and 630 Clay *t, near Kearny, has
Just started; storekeepers can b* supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
order* by mail attended to.
FPECIAL for two days only, ladles' solid 14.
karat rolrt watches, with Eljrtn or Waltham '
movement*, for $15; worth twice that amount
INCLE HARRIS. IB Grant ave.
A NEARLY new Toet typewriter, latest style.
t25; full worth JOT; write quickly for sample
of work. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
fc-omery et. \ v .
Bl.'Y a brand new typewriter for K down and $6
per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 4OS California
ft.: rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, pells cr rents gear machinery, en-
jrinefc, boilers, water pip*, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 236 Spear r_
BILLIARD table, b— Us, cues and rack, com-
plete; dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
16 O'Farrell st.
FINE ruit. tlO; dress panta, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— CEO DERBY and Fedora hats, tl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 230 Kearny st., near Pine.
A -100 HORSEPOWER -nsine. boiler, two-drill
•1r compressors. JARDINETS. 220 Fremont gt.
HIGH-CLASS Irish setters; fancy pjgreons.
Olenmore Kennels. 2041 Linden St., Oakland.
AT a bargain— Stock of second-band roods In
rood condition. 142S Market at.
KODAK films 3*4r3 1 4 developed. ¦ only 2Sc per
roll. Rembrandt Ptufllo, 850 Market cor. Ctkn.
rmST-CLAKS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and eold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
?Bt I Jljll'l dynamo, enrlne and boiler, com-
plete ; cheap. H. R. WHITE, 61S Mission at.
WILL rent full «lre«s Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suit* for H SO. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stktn.
SAFES- New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN BAF"E OO., 417-423 Sacramento Bt
1'ORTABLE *n_ines, boilers; Iron and wood
: .-.-.:, fre. lathe*; Zd hand. J. Burke, 129 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d band; moving
j-lctures. BULLARD A BRECK, 131 Poet at
K'-TOn Fairbanks *ra!e and flre and burclar
proof safe. 216 California et.
It>-HAND photographic and made lantern out-
_T.t* bougrht eold, exchanged. 108 Montgomery.
£ A FES— New and (second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San. Fran.
CH EAPEST and beat la America— The Weekly
ft'!. 16 parr*. *ent to any address in the
Vblte. States or Canada one year lor U. . 1
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
MOVING and stereoptlcon machine: will trade
patent right or buy. 149 Third; G. C. Terry.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, eta. bought;
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn; phone Black 1201.
WANTED — Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st
LADIES' and gents' caEt-oft clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brle-
; a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 141.
UOM-Y TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back in Installments or as a whole: if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon qutetly and
quickly. Call CS-69 Donchoe bid*.. 1170 Market.
I AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Estates
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st
i A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
i afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
I not borrow of your friends or you will lose
! their friendship: do business with stranger*
j and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
riubli'clty. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st
> HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
I literal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
i est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
i at.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
< ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and Sd mort-
I gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: set my terms before doing business else-
j where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
! ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first.
j second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
I in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery-
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
I AT 126 Kearny st. room 9. respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
j ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BOXELLI. 301 Jones st, corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with;
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent: no removal; no commis'n. 6 Eddy. r. 81.
j TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
I MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
i low rate. 917 Market St., room 1.
I ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confl-
j dentlal: on diamonds, etc S3 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. (-09 Examiner building, j
TO salaried people without collateral or In- ]
dorser. & F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big. !
BICSICAL IHSTR«MByT»^^ : j
WE have a new lot of Interchangeable tune j
Olympla music boxes, playing 15 tunes with- |
out stopping. They are the best thing of the
kind ev«- offered. MAUVAIS MUBIC CO.. j
76» Market st. .
! WE want you to call and see the bargains we
I have Fine second-hand pianos for $100, $150,
$;Ti $fJ0 J300, $350. Beautiful new ones for
I J300' to S858. All pianos .-old on easy pay-
ments If you desire, and you can at any time
exchange for a new Decker & Son.
BY a sweial arrangement with the manufac-
turers we are now enabled to give 12 tunes
with each Olymria music box sold by us
hereafter, and a discount of 10 per cent will
be allowed on tune discs when one dozen or
more are bought at a time. MAUVAIS MU-
BIC CO.. 769 Market St.. agents.
! ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy's
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to the
public for the past three years. A large size,
beautifully finished, full-toned piano. with
•tool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$"50. $6 cash and $6 per month. This Is not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
| dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY. Sole Agent
Sohmer A Co.. Byron Mauzy. Oabler, epell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 3oS. 810. 312 Poet.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years aad full purchase price allowed:
the beet makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new^ uprights $6 cash, $6 per month;
some good piCnoa for $3, $4 and Jo per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter eta.,
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland. |
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28,
28 and 30 O'FarrjIl et. pianos, organs and
a'l other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
I thing possible done to please and satisfy the
I customer.
! SPECIAL snaps In a few slightly used pianos.
I See us. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
j rell Ft.; Chlckering- agency and everything
! pertaining to music; lymphonion music boxes.
; VIOLIN" strings; never wet; best In the world;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
; instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st
A FINE upright left on sale by party who
must have money Monday; make ua _n offer.
Room 12. Flood building.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. E60 Hayes at.
GENTLEMAN leaving city must sacrifice flne
upright piano In 5 days. 324 Golden Gate ave.
HIGH-GRADE piano, nearly new, $165. HEINE
Piano Co.. 217 Geary st.
EUPERIOn violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Ml'LLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, good as new, and
other great bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post it
FINE 3-pedal upright piano: sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. 907 McAllister St.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
installments. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Market
] AT KEEFFE'S. 82$ Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninarer agency.
A BAP^GAIN; must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister tt., next Hlb. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianca; Kteck. Hardman, Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. »14 Post.
A WEEK'S news for E cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OIL.
BACHELOR 45 eta
Monarch of Arizona 40 eta
Gray Gander 35 cts
Lone Star Sets
Three States 7 cts
Storks, bonds and securities bought and sold
by POUTER & CHENEY. 630 California St..
Ean F"r»nciseo. Cal.
OIL LANDS FOIl SALE.
OWING to extraordinary circumstances, 640
acres patented oil land (title perfect), be-
tween Temblor and Devil's Den, Kern Coun-
ty, for sale at $5 per acre; prompt caeh; rea-
sonable time allowed for examination; patent-
ed lands around there sold from $3 50 to $13,
now asking $6 to 515 and up to $50 on account
of R. R. rumors and other reasons. More
particulars, H. F. LANGE, 603 California st,
room 20$. San Francisco.
PROVEN oil lands In the Kern River field
for sale; no stock proposition: no wildcat
scheme; thl« Is sure territory in the largest
and best known field In California. If you
want to form a company buy good land on
the Hne of the railroad. NEWTON, CARMAN
& SOMES. S. C. MASON, agent, 11 Mont-
gomery st.
OFPICKS A.M> STORES TO LET.
A GRAND store, adjoining the Owl Drug Co.;
25x130 feet: reduced from $600 to $450. Apply
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. »27~Market st—
Light sunny offices, $15 to $20 per month, with
light, he-t. Janitor and use of phone.
2Sxl2S FIRST loft; 25x80 second loft. B79 and
687 Mission St.. opp Wells-Fargo'a building.
NEW store; offices upstairs; separate en-
trances; cheap. 624 Merchant, nr Hall of Jus.
THREE connecting rooms: front view: suitable
for doctor or dentist. 143 Powell Pt.
806 SANSOME. handsome store, $10; 324 Pacific,
large store cheap. . .
LARGE elegant store and basement: 993 Va-
lenda rt.. nw tint: business center.
• PALMISTRY.
M_TeC "nEERG A ARD, 700 PostrteL tlydT-JM:
hours 1 to 6 eve., and 8unday by appointment
H JEROME FO8SELLI. scientific palmist. 615
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black Mil.
PARTNERS WASTED.
PARTNER wanted In dyeing and cleaning es-
tablishment 1421 Point Lobos ave.
PHVSIClAiNS AXD SURGEOS3.
_)R~~C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021*4 Market et, between Sixth and Seventh.
PERSONALS. j
HONORABLE refined widower (45). tall, good
character, wants to form acquaintance with
attractive lady; one that loves home life; ob-
JecUmatrimony;. agents and trlflers positively
not recognized. Box 4119, Call office^
M. S. FITZGERALD, a machinist employed on
the launch Cleveland as engineer In Manila,
P. I., was accidentally drowned on Septem-
ber 14. 1900; body not recovered. For further
particulars address T. H. MEAD. Manila,
P. I., care depot Q. M^ _________
GENTLEMAN, aged 37, with means, stranger,
wishes to meet a widow under 135 pounds with
good home or ranch; object matrimony. Ad-
dresA box 3S04, Call office.
REFINED gentleman: $200,000, beautiful home;
will make home happy to kind wife.
BANKER. 771 North Park ave., Chicago, III.
GENTLEMAN, fond of music, poetry and art
would like to meet single lady with similar
tastes: object matrimony; references. Ad-
dress P. O. box 251, Oakland.
A GENTLEMAN of refinement and education,
with a moderate but certain Income, desires
a good wife; correspondence absolutely con-
fidential; object matrimony. Box 4129. Call.
YOUNG man good position wishes to meet
young lady; object matrimony. Box 4132, Call.
A BOY or Elrl baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda-
TO THE PUBLIC.
This is to certify that I, C. J. KETING, was
treated by one of the leading oculists of this
city for eleven months for blindness, and was
discharged as a hopeless case; but after treat-
ing with MADAM ADA. <ne wonderful gifted
healer, two months, I could distinguish certain
objects end tell the time on my watch.
C. J. KETING. 120 Ninth St.. San Francisco.
MME. ADA, wonderful gifted healer, 1104 Mar-
ket, r. 3, 4, cures spinal trouble, rheumatism,
blindness, paralysis and all nervous diseases.
ALI. hair and scalp diseases a epecialty: hair
grown on bald heads and restored to original
color; dandruff and falling hair cured; hair
Titlaned by a harmless vegetable; "Luxur-
lol," bust developer, guaranteed. MRS. E. R.
DUNLAP, the reliable proprietress of the
Hirputine Co., 6 Eddy St., rooms 78 and 74.
THE Star Hair Remedy never falls to restore
gray and faded hair to natural color, cure
dandruff, itching scalp and eciema. stop fall-
ing, grow new hair; eold by hairdressers and
druggists; ask for It: take no other. The Star
Remedy Company. San Francisco.
STRICTLY private and secluded residence away
from the public gaze, for the treatment of
women; confinement cases taken. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth at.. Alameda,
SPECIAL sale switches: Monday and Tuesday
only. $3 switches for $2: the latest hair styles
only 25c. G. LKDERKR. 123 Stockton *t.
HAIR doctor's remedy; 16-ounce bottle $L ex-
pressed. KL'ESTER, specialist, 1162 Frank-
lin St., Oakland.
DEAFNESS cured or no pay. C H. ROWAN.
Milwaukee', Wie.
SECRETS that win; knowledge that pays;
science that brings buslnees & social success;
cures disease & bad habits; wins love and
friendship; gratifies ambitions; gives wonder-
ful power & control over others; you can learn
at home; write for our elegantly Illustrated
book, which fully explains all hidden myster-
ies of Personal Magnetism. Hypnotism, Mag-
netic Healing, etc.: it's free. Add. New York
Inat of Science, Dept 117 A, Rochester, N. Y.
LEDERER'S Quintonlca hair tonlo at Lion
Drug Co., Market and Stockton, 35c bot.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 Fifth. Oakland.
KODAK films 3»ix3H developed only 25c per
rolL Rembrandt Studio, 850 Market cor. Stktn.
HIGHEST prices for cast-off clothing; call or
send postal. 655 Clay st
LEDERER'S Foamo SAMPOO. 5o pkg; can't
do without It; halrdresslng. 25o. 123 Stockton.
WANTKD— Wife, 2S years old, to live In mining
camp. Addreas P. O. box 899, Manvel; San
Bernardino County, Cal.
HYGENIC medicine; acute and chronlo in-
valids cured and taught how to keep well.
DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. 264 Kearny at
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792,
made to order; renovated; honeat work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty: flne vp-
holstery- HOPKE BROS., 318 and 320 11th st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st. near Market; 700 rooms:
25c to $150 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; Jl
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rateo; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 367 Jessie st.
BUY your coal of LANGE & GOFF, successors
to W. H. Wiseman. 1711 Sacto.; tel.Sutter 2770.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair,
moles; trial free. MISS EATON, 1119 outter.
SUITS to order from $15 up on easy payments.
The Richelieu, 700 Market at, near Geary.
StTlTS to order "on easy paymenta. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt, under St- Nicholas Hotel.
o; D gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
HAIR oulckly curled or waved by ualng Tal-
cott's curling fluid; 25o a bottle; druggists.
ALFREDUM8 Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to It' natural color; $1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and allver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S, 606 Kearny st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
RKAL ESTATB CITY— FOR SALE!.
FOR SALE! BY BURNHAM & MARSH CO.
GOOD BUY.
$15,000— Rent $102; extra large lot and I houses
of 2 flats each and 2-story house of 11 rooms
and bath; clone to MlEsIon and Twelfth sts.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
$25,000— Modern up-to-date residence and large
corner lot; close to Van Ness ave. and Geary *t
HERE'S A SACRIFICE!
$12,000— Rent $100 a month; good 8-etory build-
ing and large lot; only 1H blocks from Call
building; tenant pays water and make* repairs.
$15,000 — Rent $120 a month; without exception
3 of the flnefit flats In the city; stylish and up-
to-date In all particulars; corner, and also 20-
foot alley on one side; sun can never be taken
away; new. built but 3 years and never vacant:
nothing like It for the money; must be aold;
downtown location; east of Hyde st.
SEE THIS!
$5500— Reduced to $5150; fine 3-atory building
and lot: near Geary and Taylor st*; offered at
aacrlflca; rent $48.
MARKET-ST. PROPERTY.
$9280— Near Sixth st; back half of Market-st.
lot; pays 6 per cent Interest; fortune in this lot.
GEARY-ST. RESIDENCE. -..'
$5750 — Rent $40; choice residence; beat part of
Geary at ; 11 rooms and bath and large sunny
lot.
BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
$12.000— Itent $S5; large store on Ninth st.,
near Market; same tenant 13 years; bir lot;
great future; make offer.
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT (Secured).
Banka pay 3V_ per cent.
$4000— Reduced to $3600; rent $40; 4 flne flats,
near Mission and Sixth sts.
(4250— Rent $46; 4 splendid flat*; near Fourth
street.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery st;
THE) cream of Richmond lots; two of the
choicest lots In all of Richmond to be sold
Immediately; submit your offer; what are
they worth to you? not much money needed,
as I can make all arrangements; west side
of Sixth ave., between Clement st and Point
Laobos ave.; 25x120 feet each; cars pass In
front: all street work done; those looking for
a nice home, easy of access, on easy term^
and at their own price will call at once; this
Is a rare opportunity. W. J. GUNN, 630 Cali-
fornia st, bet Montgomery and Kearny.
CHOICE lot In Richmond on the elevated
ground; west aide of 10th ave., close to Cle-
ment; 25x120; a pretty home on each sldt of
It; $800 first payment. $40 quarterly payments
to suit . W. J. QUNN, 630 California st.
IF you have well-located property In the Mis-
sion, either vacant lots or nice residence, . and
you really want to sell, then call on the under-
signed, W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
HAVE you property in the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to aell T Then
call on W. J. GUNN. 680 California *t
JOHN PFORR. 408 Pine street.
* Opposite Nevada Bank.
$1250— Rent $15 per month; a 6-room cottage
and lot 60x60; only half a block from 18th-
st. car line.
$4500— Fine 10-room house on Howard st., near
16th; lot 33x125.
$10.000— A large lot. 100 feet front, on Eddy
St.. near Scott; covered with cottages; always
rented: a bargain,.
$20,000 — Mission st. near Sixth: a first rate
Investment; lot 45x80, with 2 10-room houses.
Nine flne building lots on Thirteenth st. and
Clinton Park, only a few feet feat of Valencia;
will be sold very reasonable.
$5750— Bent $328 per annum: 3-story, store
and 3 flat*; a very snug small business prop-
$11,000— Rent $120 per month; corner property;
lot 54x&. with four houses, 1 stores and flats.
$3000— Rent $32: a double flat and a cottage
In the rear; a bargain. ;•-¦-. _¦ - ¦
FOR sale, 845 Jereey St.— 6-room cottage, large
basement and attic, with all modern lmprove-
ments: lot 30x114.
MODERN house* built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell, . 11*7 Mission.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR , SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$27,600— Rents $600 per annum; Market and Ste-
venson ate. ; 39x125; old improvements.
$3,000 — Rents $792 per annum; 2 houses of 7
romos and bath each, and lot 33x100;
Devlsadero Bt. ; must be sold to close
an estate.
$7.600— Paciric Heights marine view residence:
elegant and modern; 9 rooms and bath;
sunny side of the street; 28:9x120; ma-
rine view unobstructed.
$7,000— Geary st; a real bargain; 2-story bay-
window residence of 9 rooms and bath;
all .modern Improvements; large lot, 30
xl37:6; must be seen to be appreciated.
$6,600 — Fine two-Btory basement and attic resi-
dence of 9 rooms, bath, etc.; 27:6x127:6.
$6,500— 2-story basement and attic Eastlake
residence and lot £5x93:6.
$5,800— Rents $612 per annum; corner; in the
Mission warm belt; three 3-story and
basement houses of 7 rooms and bath
each.
$5,500— Rents $570 per annum; inside store prop-
erty; 2 stores with 2 rooms each and
flat of S rooms . and lot
$3,700 — Rents $432 per annum: near Sixth and
Bryant sts. ; 3 Hats of 4 rooms each, and
•stable; 23xSS:8.
$3,000— Rents $444 per annum: business corner
on Dupont st. ; store, flat and cottage.
$2,600 — Rents }223 per annum; Geary st busi-
ness property; substantial building;
store and fat; 30:6x75.
$1,400— Rents $168 per annum; near Jackson and
Mason sts. ; double house of 4 rooms
each and lot
$1,200— Rents $192 per annum; H block from
Third st. electric cars; 2 flats of 4
rooms each; 30x100.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County, 25c.
Choice list of building lota In every part of
the city at prices to eult.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Re-
cords," which contains a list of properties for
sal* in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
A U C T I O Nl
A U C T I O Nl
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
A U C T I O Nl
At our Salesroom, Monday. November t, 1900, at
12 O'clock Noon.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNICR.
Partition Sale.
NW. cor. Jackson and Drumm sts.: Improve-
ments consist of 6 stores and lodging-house
rented to one tenant: $120 per month; lot 60x60.
HAYES-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Administrator's Sale.
451 and 453 Hayes St., near Octavla; flat of S
rooms and bath, coal yard and stable; rents $55
per month; lot 25x120 to rear street; subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
An undivided half Interest in the following I
properties, subject to confirmation by the court:
NO. 1.
S41. E4S and 645 Halght St., S. line, near Fill-
more st: 3 2-atory bay-window houses of 7
rooms and bath each; rents $75 per month: oe-
ment walks; street accepted; lot 60x120 to rear
street.
NO 3.
Market St.. B. line. bet. Noe and Castro sts.:
this choice lot Is well situated and rapidly be-
coming choice business property; lot 32:10x131,
Irregular.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
2129 Green st.. B. line, near Fillmore st;
choice modern residence of 14 rooms and I
baths; commanding a marine view; lot 33:3x
137:6.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
' 22. 24 and 26 Mary st, near Sth and Mission
sts.; 8 two-story houses of 6 rooms each; al-
ways rented: rents $42 per month; with little
outlay these rents could be considerably Im-
proved; lot 40x76:2.
BRYANT-ST. INVESTMENT.
E32 and 532H Bryant St.. N. line, near 3d st;
3 flats of S rooms and bath each: rents $29 per
month; street accepted; lot surveyed and title
guaranteed by the California Title and Insur-
ance Co.; lot 25x80.
EOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
82 Morris ave.. bet. Harrison and Bryant, Sth
and 6th ats. : Improvements conslnt of S flats of
4 rooms each; rents $27 per month; cement side-
walk; street accepted ; bank mortgage of $1250
at 6 ner cent can remain.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
3985 and 3987 Seventeenth st, near Junction of
Market and Castro sts.; this desirable business
property consists of store and rear cottage;
street accepted by the city; lot 60x100.
1 CHOICE MARKET-8T. LOT.
Market st, N. line, near Church st; lot 25x
129. irregular; street bltuminlzed and accepted
by the city.
For further particulars apply at our offlce.
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st
GEORGE M. WILLCOX
828 MONTGOMERY ST.
BARGAINS 7.7.7.. '.Tn' '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.' RESIDENCES
$30,000— Franklin st. "corner; most desirable lo-
cality; 14 -rooms; 2 baths; every modern
convenience; 56x137:6.
$20,000 — Jackson st. corner: 14 rooms and bath;
all latest Improvement; 68x110.
$1S,000— Oakland; a mansion complete In every
detail; superbly situated: worth $25,000;
14 rooms and bath; 60x100.
$12, GOO — Broadway, near Octavla; north aide;
grand marine view; 12 rooms and bath;
every modern convenience; 87:6x112:6.
$7,500— Presidio Heights; new house; ten large
rooms and bath; modern improvements
throughout; must be sold to olose es-
tate; 28x138.
$7.500— Central ave., Alameda; In best resi-
dence district; ( rooms and bath; 55 x
150; terms easy. .
$4,600— Nineteenth st; flne t-room cottage and
double lot; bid wanted.
$3,600— East Seventeenth St., Oakland; 10 room*
and bath; also two-story stable; 41x100;
must be sold to close estate.
$2,7(0— Fifteenth ave. south; good 9-room
house; 75x100; cost $6000.
$2.700— Clara St, near Fourth; well-built two-
story frame dwelling; U rooms; 27x73;
very cheap.
$3,600— Mission at: 5-roora cottage; 29:6x80.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX,
323 Montgomery st
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
:*¦¦;* ¦¦¦¦-. 613 CALIFORNIA ST.
, IMPROVED.
$13,000— Corner Green and Powell sU.; 70x70;
three-story building; rents $132.
$12,600— Union st, near Taylor: three modern
flats and rear house; 25:9x128:9: renta $97.
$7250 — Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave., 2Sx
100; house of 12 rooms.
$6800— Hayes st, near Buchanan; 25x120 to
rear street; house of 9 rooms.
$6000— Folsom st, near Eighth; 25x90; two
flats; rents $46.
$6250— California at. near Baker; 25:3x82:8;
three flats; rents $42 SO.
$6600— Green st., near Dupont; 16:6x80; three
bay-window flats; rents $65.
$5000 — Rents $75 per month; corner two main
streets. In northern part of city.
$4500 — Kearny at. near Union; 20x80 to rear
street; two houses; rents $38 £5.
$2700— Central ave., nr. Hayes; 15x100; store
and 4 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
$7000 — Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth: 68x98
$7500— Valencia St., near Twenty -sixth; 60x90
Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts. ; will
subdivide: 65x100.
$3500-Fulton, near Flllmore: 32:8x137:1
$3000— Laguna st, near Page; 25x100.
$2750 each— Post St., near Devisadero: 2 lot*.
$2000— Waller at., near Stanyan; 25x100.
$1750— Corner Castro and Alvarado; 26:6xlO6.-
$1600— Sutter it., near Lyon; 35:3x100. ,
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS A SKELTON.
323 Montgomery Street.
$17,000 — Business property; Fillmore st, near
California; rents $1460 per annum; never
vacant; double the Interest you get 'In
Savings Banks.
$6000 — Chestnut, st, near Ryde-st. cars; rood
. house, 6 rooms, 3 years old; improving
section; 15 minute* from Montgomery
St.; view of bay.
$3500— Corner lot; Hyde and Francisco; lecure
$1925 view of bay: Improving location; will
$1750 subdivide; 15 minutes from Market *t
$5500— Pine St., near Van Ness ave.; old build-
ings; rent nominal; 25x120; this Is a bar-
gain to build flats on.
$1000— Lot, Eighteenth St., near Noe.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
DON'T DELAY. > ~
Buy a home for your rent money and b* in-
dependent of the landlord.
Five- room and bath; latest design; on Hoff-
man ave., Heyman Tract; H block from the
electric car.
Also four-room and bath on Hoffman ' ave. ;
James Cotter la agent on the tract JACOB
HEYMAN, owner and builder, 117 Sutter St.
HEALTH RESORT. ~ ~~
Ocean Beach park lots for sale. JACOB
HEYMAN. 117 Sutter at.
15 LEVEL lota : In Colma; water on It; near
R. R. station; cheap; 15 minutes' ride to S. F.
$250— Level cor. lot: 25x70; nr. Cortland ave"
and sehoolhouse. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter'.
?325O — 6-room house; on Lexington ave.; all In
nioe order: must be sold. McEWKN BROS
118 Montgomery st
$125— $10 CASH. $5 monthly, will buy a lerel
lot with street graded: bound to double Jn
. value In a year. McEWEN BROS., 118 Mont-
gomery st. . .
$1250— ON easy terms; new cottage; will rent for
$12 60 per month. McEWEN BROS., 118 Mont-
gomery st
$1700— BARGAIN, cottage 5 rooms and bath •
lot 22x114; In the warm belt of the Mission'
near 2 car lines; first-class condition. AddIv
to H. L. REA. 403 Washington st -- - .
FOR SALE— Eastlake cottage. S rooms and
bath; flne garden; cement yard; fine —lew; iu
blocks; from Mission et cars; terms, cash. 323
Twenty-eighth Bt., near, Sanchez.
CHICKEN ranch to let. with cottage. * stable
. chicken houses. 210 Chenery st : lot 158x310.
¦iJ.'B. LEWIS, 438 Montgomery st, 12 to 2.
$2000—81:6x300, ON San Joee road, at new power-
; bouse ; « 4 ¦ speculation. - . .
$100 each;, two choice lots 50x100, near Mis-
sion' road and electric cars.; Address R., box
,. 114., Call offlce. „
HEAL , ESTATE!— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. .' V
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
''i6^!.V.V.V.V.V.V.\\V.V.'.VRent's'$606''per 'annum
Splendid inside downtown centrally loc* 1^
business and Investment property; one- hair
block' from Market and Sth sts.; store below,
two floors above; Investigate this; a close oner
mJght be entertained.
''$7006!.V.V.V.\V.V.V.\V.\\V.VRents''$816'peV*Mnum
3 Hats on north, sunny side of Hayes st, near
Fillmore; large lot, 27:6x137:6; pays well.
$2s66! . V.'.'.'l"!!!!!!."."^!!.'.'!!yiar\ne view home
Splendid two-story house of 6 rooms and bath
on Jones st., near Union-st. cars; excellent
marine view.
$14,50o! 1 .'. V.V.V.V.V.V. V.Ynside* business property
Substantial three-story business building; store
and two floors above; rents $10SO per year; busi-
ness thoroughfare; mortgage $S0OO can remain;
nothing better for the money.
" «9,'66o '. '. '. V.V.V.V.V. V.V. '.'.'.Rents' $2130 ' p'er ' annum
Three new elegant modern thoroughly up-to-
date high-class flats on Nob Hill; California
st.; very beat location in town.
' "$33o6! . ". V.V.V.V.V.V.V.V.V.V.'.V.'Re'nts' $30* per 'montli
Small piece of business property, bound to en-
hance in value; always rented: sure Invest-
ment; store and flat above; Folsom-st., close
to 4th st.
iii%b./^.'.'!!!!''.\'.'.Y///////."!'.'..\!!..!!i&kke offer
Cheapest two-story nine-room and bath resi-
dence for sale on Eddy st. ; splendid block: sur-
roundings first-class; street work done; lot 23x
137:6; mortgage $2500 can remain.
iii.OOO.' ."..V.V.V.V.V.V.".'.'.'.! i.'.'Re'nt' $U0' per montli
3 newly-nnlshed modern flats: 7 rooms and bath
each; looking into Golden Gate Park; sur-
rounded by nice homes; convenient to all cars:
Btreet bltuminlzed: lot 25x106:3: this is a new,
clean and safe Investment for your money.
ii^'. //.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'Ik'.'.'.'.'!^^'.'.'!/^. .^^ih\\^'cajth
Twc-story house of 7 rooms and bath; Eureka
St.. near 20th; lot 25x105; cheap home.
K&h".Y."!!!!!"!!"!!^!'.'"y...6viriitr must sell
Owner wants cash at once; one or two $750
lots for J550; Elizabeth st, near Diamond; lot
26x114; very desirable for a home.
'iibso... '.'.'"."!.''!".'!.'!!!"'!!!". ...Movr is this?
Only one-half a block from Market and 17th
sts. and Castro-st. cars: fifteen minutes to City
Hall; two-atory house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
40-foot front; will surely sell this week; call
early.
"$500 "cash.'.'.'."!!!!!!.'!!!...*Kents $37 50 per month
Beautiful modern flats located in the Mission;
finest chance for home-seekers ever offered;
you pay us $500 cash down and $37 50 per
month; thia includes Interest and principal: In
other words, you pay us what the flats rent for;
you buy the property for your rent money.
BALDWIN ' A* HOWELL,' id' Montgomery st.
CREAM OF PARK LOTSl
Opposite new Park entrance
....Rare chance for home builders and in-..
..vestment seekers
....Choicest building lots on ve— ,' easy pay-..
..ments; on ths H-st. electric cars and front-..
..ing Golden Gate Park and the new 19th-..
..ave boulevard. lots and streets on official..
..grade; macadamt/ed
....Plank sidewalks, gas and water service....
....Low prices; bound to Increase In value....
..Your own terms. Interest only 6 per cent..
Money advanced for building purposes;..
..the costliest and handsomest modern houses..
..In Sunset District are now being occupied..
..and constructed on the new 13th-av«. boule-..
..vard ••
....Call at once at our branch offlce (open..
..week days, Sundays and holidays), corner..
..of H st. and 8th ave., eouth of Golden Gate..
..Park, and ask to be shown these beautiful..
..lots. Full particulars and prloe lists also..
..at our offlc*
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAG,
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUSINESS PROPERTY AT A BARGAIN.
$300 cash, balance- $50 monthly; fins two-
story building in business section of
Castro st; store and nice flat above; i
rooms and bath; total rents $44 per
month; price $4000; $6 and the rent re-
ceived pays-monthly Installment.
NICE HOME ON SCOTT ST.
$8000— Between Sutter and Post; contains 8
large rooms, bath, eto.
$1650— Cumberland st, near Church: 3 houses;
rents $19 per month; size lot M)xlI4; a
foreclosure sale.
A FINE CORNER SACRIFICED.
$2500— Bank mortgage $2000; corner Jones and
Broadway; size of lot 47x60; foundation
laid; all ready for building.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$13.000 — Handsome new flats, close to town, lo-
cated In a swell part of Western Addi-
tion; up to date In all respects: mar-
ble steps; latest sanitary plumbing;
they command a magnificent marina
NEW* HOME AT THE MISSION.
$2350— $400 cash, balance $25 monthly; Alva-
rado st, near Noe and Twenty-second;
contains S large sunny rooms, porcelain
bath, etc; everything up to daie; take
Caatro-at cars to Alvarado st ; walk
one block east
$400 CASH; BALANCE $23 MONTHLY.
$3100— Handsome home on Castro st, near
Twenty-third: contains 7 large rooms,
bath and all conveniences; site lot
25x105.
A DEVISADERO-STREET HOME.
$6000— Two-story bay-window house, contain-
ing 8 rooms and bath; an offer wanted.
$250 CASH: $10 MONTHLY.
A nice cottage. 4 rooms and basement; also
good well and windmill; CaselU ave..
not far from Eighteenth and Castro
sts.; price $1400.
LYON A HOAO.
114 Montgomery st.
NOSCE.
PKOBATB SALS).
Notice Is hereby given that pursuant to an
order of court the Union Trust Company, as
executors of the will of A. V. R. Pixley, de-
ceased, will sell in subdivisions all the lots
owned by said estate in the block bounded by
Flllmore, Stelner, Union and Green sts. at
prices ranging from
$1250 AND UPWARD.
Remember, streets are accepted. lots arc
large and level, command grand views, are In
close proximity to the most fashionable resi-
dence section of the city. Three lots were sold
last week on which handsome buildings will
be erected at once; lots bound to sell Quickly.
Think of the price, only $1250 for a very de-
sirable lot in the Western Addition. Flllmore
at. electric and Union nt. cars pass the prop-
erty, transferring to all portion* of the city.
Se« them to-day.
LYON & HOAQ. 114 Montgomery st.
MADISON A BURKB.
Established January. 1S5S.
Heal Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
626 Market st. opposite Palace HoteL
$6500— PINES st, near Soott; 1 flats; rents $57 50;
lot 85x137 :«. MADISON A BURKB.
$7000— INSIDE of Fill—tore, In the best part of
the Western Addiction; three fiats, rent $55;
must be sold; will take small house in nice
part of the city as part payment MADISON
& BURKE. '
EDDY st.. near Franklin; large house, very
substantially constructed; lot 34:4x137:6; of-
fered cheap; call for particulars. MADISON
& BURKE. ' ' •
BUSH-ST. corner, near Kearny: lot €0x70, with
large, substantial building: rents $230 per
month. MADISON & BURKB. ,
MISSION-ST. bargain, near Twelfth; large lot,
new Improvements, store and flats: rents $110;
price $18.000. MADISON & BURKE.
$10 BOO— A fine vacant property lot. 87:«xM. with
two corners; Taylor and Greenwich; Just the
Ke for a grocery. MADISON & BURKE.
$8000— AN elegant north corner In the Presidio
HelKhts district: 60x90: this is choice prop-
ertv and very cheap. MADISON &. BURKB.
$6500— BUSH, near Webster; 8 rooms and bath;
elegantly finished interior; 27x100. MADI-
SON & BURKE.
$6250— HAYES-ST. flats, near the Park; lot Mi
187-8- rents $55; must be sold: north lln« o£
street and modem. MADISON & BURKE.
$3500— RAUSCH St.. near Howard; large lot,
with double house; big rent; must sell.
MADISON & BURKE.
j 18 00O^-AN eleg-ant marine —lew house. In the
best of condition; will take a smaller hou*e
for cart pay If not too far out. MADISON
& BURKE. ¦
1M00— BERNARD, near Leevenworth: rent $?1;
a goodlnvestment. MADISON & BUUKTS.
FINE near Scott; double house; sunny; small
house: 51:flxl37:«; cheap. MADISON _
_HU RKE- ' '
ELEGANT RESIDENCE. Oak St.. near Gough.
oDnoMlte new Panhandle; large house; lot 44
x?20 to rear street; only $9500. MADISON &
BURKE. --¦¦-¦-•¦¦¦
RTITTER St., corner of Buchanan; 35x57:6; only
$J»000^MADISON & BURKB.
62 -6x137 :6— SE. cor. Vallejo and Pierce; beanti-
ful corner. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
$4500— MODERN 2-6tory bay-window house, S
rooms and bath and stable, on large lot 36x
120 In Mission warm belt, near Sixteenth and
Valencia; reduced from $5500. Addreas R.,
box 114. Call pfflce.
$2230— BUSINESS corner lot on California St.,
32:6x100 feet. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st ' ,. ¦ . ¦ •
CHEAPEST small home anywhere; 9 acres,
house, orchard, vineyard, wood, rood water;
stages and mall dally; $560. CHARLES
WILLMOTT, 916 Market at. '
23 ACRES. unimproved; 2 hour* from city; li,
mile from station; last of large tract; aacri-
flee. ,CHAS. WILLMOTT, 916 Market st.
$25.000— 10 PER CENT clear; $45,000, 9 per cent
clear; gilt edge city property. CHAS. WILL-
MOTT. 916 Market st.
MAKE offer— Lot 25xS0: 49, Juniper St., off Fol-
som, bet Tenth and Eleventh. Address box
3802. Call . of flee. ,
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
; MURPHY. 630 Market; 2d mort_a_e«i eatataa.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
638 MARKET STREET.
BIO PAYING MISSION INVESTMENT.
$3,750— Rents $938 per annum, all rented; 4 fine
modern flats of 6 and I rooms and bath
and rear house; lot 40x110 feet; 16th.
near Valencia *t.
SOUTH OF MARKET BUSINESS PROP-
ERTY.
J8.00O— Wide bitumen street; cars pass; lot 23x
137:6; store 4 rooms; 2 flats above and
2 rear tenement*; rented for $770 per
annum.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$7.800— Rent* $$05 per annum: 3 new elegant
modern fiats; porcelain tubs: frescoed
dome, ceilings, etc.; on Ashbury st.
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
SNAP— ON LARKIN STREET— BARGAIN.
$6.000— Near Pine st.; rents $70 per month; 3
fine flats.
LYON STREET RESIDENCE.
$4.000— Modern reslde-r.ee. 7 rooms and bath:
hot house; garden with cement walks;
make offer; lot 25x119:9 feet.
TO* CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$3.500— Make offer: 3 flats of 6. 4, 3 rooms; renti
$37 60 per month: nr. 8th and Howard st*
SOUTH OP MARKET BARGAIN.
$l,eoo— Rent* $300 per year; fronting on two
streets; 2 flats and cottage.
A LOVELY HOME
¦MIDST SUNSHINE AND FLOWERS
$500 cash down price $1,600
Balance as rent; modern Mission cottage
S room* and bath; sunny side street.
BEAUTIFUL MODERN FLATS
FOR YOUR RENT MONET
$300 caah down; two attractive modern flats
of 4 and 6 rooms and bath; rented for
$23 per month.
CHEAPEST LOT IN THB RICHMOND.
$600— Southeast cor. ISth and California at;
27:4xS6:l feet.
WILL BH PLEASED TO SUBMIT OFFERS
ON ANY OF ABOVE PROPERTIES.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
BOVEE. TOY _ SONNTAO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
House* Rented. Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of I*roperty.
624 MARKET ST.
$45,000— Full 50-vara lot In choice Western
Addition location; fully Improved; 8 substan-
tial houses of 10 and 12 rooms and bath each;
rents $325 60 monthly.
$16,000— Handsomest and finest flats In ths
city In a beautiful location: 4 months old; 3
flats of S rooms and bath each; rents $145 per
month.
$14.000— Fine Western Addition residence on
fashionable street, near Van Ness ave.
$10,600— New elegant modern 2-story building
on Western Addition transfer corner; stores
below and flat above: rents $86 per month.
$10,500—8 beautiful new strictly modern flats
on Webster at.; marble steps; tiled vestibule;
rents $30 per month.
$10,500— Corner on Flllmore St.. In center of
business section; store and flats; rents $70 per
month.
JGr.ro — Modern and attractive flats on superior
W'ashlngton-st. block; north side of street;
rood rents.
$5000— Presidio Heights lots; fin* marine view;
size to suit at $100 per foot.
$3500 — Western Addition residence of S rooms
and 2 stores and basement; modern and artlstlo
in every respect; handsomely decorated and
finished.
$2800— Substantial flats south of Market St.:
In good condition and on a good street; rants
for $26 per month: 25- foot lot.
$2000 — Building lota on Green st. ; In fin* raal-
dence district.
$1350— Flats near Mason and Clay sts.; rents
$13 50 per month.
$1000— Fine Richmond lot. near Clement st.
and Second ave.
Further particular* of BCTVEJS. TOT A
EONNTAO.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
A residence of S rooms, bath, pantry, eto.,
on sunny side of Pine St., near Pierce; large
lot; a good home and a cheap one for the
money; only &>600.
FINE LOTS
FINE LOTS
Three splendid lots on VaJleJo at., near La-
guna; marine view; street work done; owner
desires to sell at once; offer wa&tad.
Beautiful corner lot on Padflo ave.. In Pa-
cific Heights, with marine and city view; 45x100
feet; prlca $12,000
Any size lot on Clay Bt., in Presidio Heights,
ready to build on, only $$0 per front foot.
INVESTMENTS.
$17,000— A fine business property on best of
cross town business street; steady tenant*; pay*
fine Interest.
$11.000— Three modern flats, 7 rooms each;
Fillmor* st., near Hayes; rents $103 50 monthly;
wide lot.
* $5000— Two new flats. T and t rooms; near
Park and Panhandle; rent Kl 60 monthly; wld*
lot.
$4600— Two nice flats of 6 and I romi; near
Twenty-first and Valencia sts.; always rented
at $45 monthly.
$3600— Two flats ef t and 4 room*: near Twen-
ty-fourth and Sanchea at*.; rent $3S monthly;
cheap.
$5600— Residence of 7 rooms; Webster it, near
California: very cheap.
$7000— Nine-room house on Ellis rt, near Lav-
guna; lot 25x110 to rear street; a good buy.
MaAJT-E BROTHERS.
Ut Montgomery at.
HEADQUARTERS FOR FAJUC LOTSl
GREAT BARGAINS I
CHOICEST LOCATIONS!
$S0O to ISOO-Graded Sunset lots; til monthly.
$300 to $500— Lot* Nineteenth a-a. bo_ is-ard;
$5 monthly.
$600 to $800— Choicest Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean boale—ard lets; $5 monthly.
$100 to $250— Level Mission lots, near cars; $5
monthly.
$75 to $125— Get* Addition, sear San MaUo
ears; $1 weekly.
$500 to $1000— Few cottages; Installments Ilk*
rent.
Branch offlce Ninth ave. and H st. Sunset.
Open every day and Sunday. Call for maps
and diagrams.
SOL GETZ k BROTHER,
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE BLDG.
SUNSET HEIGHTS INSTALLMENT LOTS.
10 per cent cash; $15 per month; Interest T
per cent; choice park lots ready to built on;
within 6 minutes' walk of the music stand;
. price* ranging from $600 upward; possession
given immediately so that home can be built.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
C. C. BEM1S, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery at.
Make offer — Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglas* at*.; must be sold; 80x114 feat.
$1600— North line Carl at., near Stanyan; XSx
137:6 feet,
SACRIFICE— $4250: house. 10 rooms; lot 25x137;
cheap at $5000: 1715 Eddy, st, bet Plerc* and
Scott; must be sold.
$IS0O— GREAT sacrifice; two-story house, »
rooms and bath; lot 25x125; terms to salt.
PATTERSON A CO.. 1706 Market st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY— For Smle
$3 SO AN acre — Grand stork ranch. 3300 acres,
on Eel River, north of Uklah, on extenaion of
railroad, with good house and barn; orchard
and hay land; well watered with springs and
much valuable tan oak. flr and redwood tim-
ber; ranch will keep ZSOO sheep or 250 cattle,
and about 200 head hogs. Address R., box 114.
Call offlce. .
$25OO-RANCH 100 acres, on main road. 14 miles
west Uklah. In the redwoods: 40 acres cleared
and fenced: orchard and garden; balance tim-
ber and pasture: good stand for resort: .school
on place; fine mountain scenery, hunting and
fishing: easy terms. Address R., box 114,
Call office.
$1800— 20- ACRE fruit and poultry farm, near
, Healdsburg, with house and barn; 12 acre* or-
chard and vineyard; a bargain. Address R.,
box 114. Call offlce.
SELECTED redwood timber lands In lots to
suit: 160 acre* at $4; 640 acres at $4 50 an acre;
on Navarro River.
800O acres, more or leas, on Big River, near
extension of railroad, at $8; rare chance for
profitable Investment.
Address P. ROTHERMEL, 507 California st
FOR sale^ — San Leandro: 6 acres rich level land;
new cottage; hard finished; 6 rooms and bath
and all modern conveniences: fine well, wind-
mill and EOCO gallon tank: everything; new and
•best: price $3800. OLIVER GOLDSMITH.
Owner. 1525 Golden Gate av«.
$16.6WK-SACRIFICE; fine Income fruit ranch;
extra flne Improvements; near Haywards
depot; offer wanted. LAYMANCE REAL
ESTATE CO., 460-462 Eighth st. Oakland.
TO LET— A small ranch In San Mateo County;
, . ¦ixitm. him for ohlckana. 4M Carolina st_ Potraro.
REAL ESTATE — COU.NTK Y — For Sale
G. H. CMBSEN & CO..
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
115 00 per acre— 2000 acres not far from Modesto
and Stockton in Stanislaus Co., on Fan
Joaquin River; railroad runs thrx High
ranch and station on ranch; 40O to S0O
acres rtver bottom land; balance flna
upland; all under cultivation; house,
barn and out-buildings In good condi-
tion; fenced and cross fenced; plenty
of water.
$10 00 per acre— 1230 acres near William*. Co-
lusa CO.: SCO to tOO acres level grain
land; 50 to '. ¦¦> acres in alfalfa: balanca
rolling; creek runs through the place;
well watered; house, barns, eto; fenced
and crosa fenced.
»1« 00 per acre— 6^> acre* near Marysvtlle.
Yuba Co.: 60 acre* In alfalfa; 8S0 acre*
In summer fallow and volunteer grain;
balance rolling land; over 400 acres
well Irrigated, with water rights; fine
buildings; large quantity of stock. Im-
plements, etc., go with the place.
$10 00 per acre— luCO acres near Anderson,
Shasta Co.: stock ranch: well watered.
$42 60 per acre— Kd acres. 2 milea from Con-
cord. Contra Costa Co.; all under cul-
tivation and much of It ready for
planting; house, barn and out-bulld-
• ins;s in good condition.
$30 00 per acre—^H) acr»s near Sacramento
River; south of Sacramento; San Joa-
quin Co.; postoffloe and schoolhous's
near farm; orchard; all under cultiva-
tion: rich goll.
$23 M per acre— 157 acres near Llvermore, Ala-
meda Co.; all under cultivation: farm-
- house, sheds, etc. ; all fenced and well
watered.
$30 00 per acre— 160 acres near Lincoln, Placer
Co.; 30 acres in grapes; 50 acres la
wheat; balance rolling and pastura
land; house, packing-house, ataa— i-
house. trays, etc.
$30 00 per acre— SO acres east of Santa Rosa;
station Mallta, In Sonoma Co. ; dally
mail; well watered; good house., barn,
windmill, etc.; all fenced; 40 to 50 acres
under cultivation; balance good timber.
$4S0O 00— II acres adjoining town of Willo— '«.
Cnlusa Co.; all in alfalfa: house cost
$1200: fenced: an ideal home near town,
together with 120 acres; only a few
miles from Willows; all bottom land
and in wheat; 1000 sacka we— » harvest-
ed this year: owner must sell.
$7000 00—17 acres at Haywards; beautiful
grounds: building* in nrst-«l_sa condi-
tion; perpetual wat«r right*; aa Ideal
suburban home.
$3000 00— 6 acres adjoining Caltstoca, Kapa Co.;
planted in beet kind of fruit; fin*
buildings.
$2000 00—5 acres adjoining Sutter City, Sotter
Co. ; 9 roomed house, windmill and
tank: and fenced and In fruit.
Cottage and 4 lots 100x100 oa Castle
st., Colma; will sell very cheap.
FOR SALE OR EXCHASOE.
$13 00 per acre— »50 acres la Stanlslao* Co. ;
all under cultivation; practically lsrrel;
2 houses and good out-buildings; all
fenced: 600 acres In summer fallow;
will exchange for good suburban prop-
erty.
$42 CO per acre— 170 acres. U miles fror_ Oak-
land: 12S acres In grain; wall watered;
good buildings; fenced; will exchange
for city or good suburban property or
will sell cheap.
$18 00 per acre— 160 acres In Monterey Oa. j 100
acres under cultivation: wheat, and
alfalfa land; all fencod and eross
fenced: water in each field: good two-
story house, which co»t $1000, in good
condition: will exchange for suburban
property or a good city lodging-house.
$7000 CO— 20 acres near Ban Jose; modern 3-story
house of 9 rooms; entire 20 acre* in
peaches, apricots, pears and prune*:
this place waa taken under foreclosure
and was originally sold for $13,000; will
exchange for city or suburban prop-
erty.
$30C0— 180 acre* In Butts Co. ; 75 acre*) tinder
cultivation and In orchard; aa Ideal
home place: will exchange for subur-
ban property or sell cheap.
"We have ranches to rent.
We have ranches to exchang* for etty *r
suburban property.
We have city and suburban ptopeity to ex-
change for ranch property.
The above gives but a partial list of max
bargains. Call and see us.
O. H. ITMBSE~f _ CO..
Country Department.
R. 8. BRO"v7}TE. Manager. 14 Montgomery st.
MAKIN Co.. M milea from S. F.— $40 to $30 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. ROMS AND
FARM CO.. room 2. 8th floor. Mills bldg.. 3. F.
A BARGAIN
11250—8 acres: splendid — le^r; adj. Bay Villa;
1 hour from San Francisco; SO minutes to Oak-
land; two R. R. stations, one Banta Fe, adj.;
house and barns. Call or address H. O. F.
DOHRMAN. Eteg*. Contra Costa County.
5 ACRES at Menlo Park; small house, barn,
chicken houses, fruit trees; 13 large oak trees.
•W. L. HARPER. 813 Examiner building.
$11600— SACRIFICE; Income fruit ranch near
Haywards: fine Impts.; offer wanted. Lay-
mance Real Estate Co.. 460 Sth at., Oakland.
TOR sale or lease— 4*i acres near Pan Mateo;
rood soil; perfectly level, til Chorea st,
near Market, call after t p. m.
REAL ESTATE} WASTED]
A SMALL farm, near town; no axsnta, Box
Call offlc*.
KK.U ESTATE TO EX^UA.NGE.
FOR EXCHANGE— $7000; a corner lot ta San
Dlero with 18-room two-story hard finished
building, suitable for two stores and dwell-
In.: also bake house. 13x39. bake oven Sxl4
and four comfortable cottages; send for
Dhotos; will exchange for oil land In Kern
or Fresno counties; will allow full commis-
sion to agent completing; satisfactory ex-
chan-e. Addreas box 2042, Call office. Oak>
land. Cal.
NEW modern hoaae of t room* and bath, vain*
$2000. mortgaged for SS<W> for ranch In Nap a
or Sonoma Co. ; no agents. H. TILLMAXNd.
station A. Oakland. Cal.
M. ORXF-*tN. 719 Market *t-. room 1— Hundred*
. of farms and city property for exchange or
sale. Full particulars, call at my office.
NEW cottage, S nr.*., bath; lot 603100: Mission;
rental terms: and vacant lots. 413 Kearny wt.
BERKELEY AFYERTISEMENTS
BERKELET RE.iL ESTATE.
SNAP— 4-room cottage; only 1 blocks from sta-
tion; fruit trees In full bearing; well and
pump; lot 60x135; stable and chicken house;
price $1150; only $200 caah. balance $13 SO
monthly. Take Berkeley train, pet off at
Lorin. ask for RUDOLPH. PE RKLN3 A
LTON3: office open Sunday*. . --. -
NEW house. 8 rooms, bath, pantry, hot *n 1
cold water: high basement: stationary tubs;
mantel, sliding doors, china closet: brick
foundation: bay-wtndow: choice neighbor-
hoods 2 blocks from school, church, stores
and railroad station; one-half block to elec-
tric cars. Take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorin. ask for RUDOLPH. PERJCDJ3 &
LYONS; offlc* open on Sunday.
2-STORT house, mantel, bath, pantry, large
closets, barn, fruit trees, wlndml 11 and tanks;
good well water; 2 blocks from electrla cars;
lot EOrloO feet; price $1600: $100 cash, balance
$iO monthly: this is a snap; must be sold.
OELLERICH A PERKINS, Lorin station.
Berkeley.
8-ROOM modern cottage, 3 bay wtndo— 's, t-foot
basement; well water; barn; fruit trees and
chicken house; near electric cars; price $1900;
$4C0 cash, balance $12 monthly, or will 'ex-
change for Improved lots. OET J .FSRICH A
PERKINS, Lorin station. Berkeley.
4 LARGE bay- window modern cottar* ; 7-foot
basement; lot 51x125 feet; rood well water;
barn; nice flower garden; electric cars pas*
door; only 3 blocks from railroad station;
price SHOO: $2C0 cash, balance SIS monthly.
Why pay rent when you can buy a home on
such easy terms? OELLERICH & PERKINS.
Lorin station. Berkeley.
$12fW— NICE 4-room house: large lot: easy terms.
$2500 — Two-story house of 7 rooms; good order;
easy terms.
$4500— House of 13 rooms In thorough order;
large lot; near the university; an Ideal board -
ln_ house.
$4500— Nearly new housn of S rooms; thorough-
ly modern; rented for $480 per annum net; a>
first-class Investment.
MASON A McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. O-, Berkeley.
THERE'S MONET IN IT.
Only $1500;. a Hne piece of property, fronting
on S streets; size 120x270: just one block from
new school house sit* and Just the plaoe to
raise poultry.
MASON A McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkelay.
SNAP— BARGAINS. SNAP— BARGAINS.
$350— Lot; University ave.; East Berkeley.
$1700— Lot 60x139; corner; Telepraph ave.
$1000— Let 60x144; Scenic Park Tract.
$750— Almost an acre: near local trarn: wtll
buy a lot and build a bouse to suit you on In-
stallments. H. B. PINNBT.
Opposite Local Station. Berkeley.
$1300— $300 CASH, balance $13 per month; must
be sold at once to settle an estate: this prop-
erty sold for $ZS0: bay-window cottage- of 3
•room* and bath; brick foundation; fine man-
tel" stationary tubs; basement all floored:
north side of street; ISO feet to car line and
2 blocks to train. W. C, MORAN, Lorta
station. Berkeley.
«t60<v-NIC_ house; all convenience*; 5 room*
and bath; lot 40xlM; near Telegraph ave.
IKO—Flne corner: Telegraph av».; 48x130.
Address R.. box 114. Call offlce.
ALTA PTJNTA TRACT— San Pablo ave.. 1
miles north of Berkeley: |150 to $350 per sxtre;
lots $60 to $150 each: $3 a month: call for
maps. Q. W. HAIGHT. 401 California St.. S.TWilliam Daly entered a saloon at Pins and
Dupont streets April 23 last looking for
trouble. They wer Intoxicated, and -when
they asked H. Ostrander, the bartender,
for drinks he refused to serve them. Ken
neally drew a revolver and fired at Os
trander. the bullet passing through his
arm. Kenneally was held to answer by
Judge Fritz for assault to murder. Daly,
was was also arrested, was discharged.
The Judge before passing sentence laid
it was no fault of the defendant's that he
was not on trial for murder. In accept
ing the plea of guilty for the minor of
fense the expense of a trial was saved.
Bt. Ignatius', Hayes street and Van Ness
avenue— Jesuit Fathers.
St. Mary's, corner California and Dupont
streets— Paullst Fathers. .
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue and dement street— Rev. Philip
Coombe.
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth and No*
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Morning — S«rmen by the pastor. Evening 1
Address on th» "Passion Play." by "Wal
lace Bradford.
Morning — "Manhood and Religion." Even
ing—"Manhood and Politics."
Mornlnr— Preachlnr by on* of th* father*
at the 11 o'clock mass. Evening — Vespers.
Moinins— Rev. Father Sasla, 8. J.. will
preach at the 10:30 of clock mass. Evening
— After vespers^ a spiritual pilgrimage will
be mad» to St. Peter's. Rome; Rev.
Father Woods, S. J., will conduct It.
Morning— Rev. Father Dempaey will deliver
the discourse at the 11 o'clock xn&aa. Even-
Ing— Rev. Father Prendertast. V. O.. will
preach.
Morning— "Christ Our Brother." Evening—
"Judas the Traitor."
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
First Baptist. 32S Eddy itreet-R«v. B. A.
Woods.
St Mary's Cathedral, corner Van Ness ave
nue and O'Farrell streets— Rev. Father
Prendergast.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth ¦treet, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Morning— "Walking on th» "Wvrtn." Even
ing—"The City of San Francisco, IU Peo
ple and Problems."
First Congregational, corner Post and Mason
streets— George C. Adams.
Morning— "Th« End of th« Cnarg* Is Lot»."
Evening— "la th» Young Man Abealom
Park Congregational. Hayes street, between
Lyon street and Central avenue.
Morning— Preaching by Professor Uoyl «£
the Paclna Theological Seminary. Srea
lns—Same.
Morning— "Meditation." Evening— ••Hell."
First Christian. Twelfth street between
Howard and Mission— Rev. F. S. Ford.
Morning— Preaching by th* pastor. Ev»a
lnt—Same. ... : ,. r -- :
Morning— "Tha Responsibility of Steward
ship." Evening— Song servlc* and sermon.
Morning— "A Great Necessity ta Every
Life," Evening— "The HumbU Convert
After His Prayer."
Mornlngi— "Lore." Sventng — Sermon.
Morning— *TTi« Horae-Cominc of God*«
Ransomed Host." Evening — "Th* Dangar
of Sin."
Morning— Preaching. Evening— 6*m«.
Simpson Memorial M. E.. corner Hayes and
Buchanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. South San Fran
cisco—W. M. Woodward.
Epworth M. E.. corner Church and Twenty
elxth street— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near Bo
lano—Rev. S. M. Woodward.
California Street M. E.. corner California
and Broderlck streets — Rev. A. C Bane.
Central M. E., Mission street, but ween Sixth
and Seventh— Rev. S. D. Hutslnpiller.
Howard Street M. E., Howard street, be
tween Second and Third— Rev. John A. B.
Wilson.
Grace M. E.. corner Twenty-first and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
First M. E., Powell street, near Washing
ton—Rev. Frank K. Baker..
Morning— "The Christian's Suprema Work."
Evening— "The Master Whom W« Serr*
Will Serve Us."
Mornlns— "How to Overcome Temptations."
Evening-* "Women "Who Never Marry."
Trinity M. E., corner Market, Sixteenth and
Noe streets— Rev. Milton D. Buck.
Morning— Preachlnr. Evening— Sam*.
Centenary M. E.. South. Bush street, be
tween Gough and Octavia— Rev. J. E.
. Moore.
Richmond M. E.. Fourth avenue, -between
Point Lobos. avenue and Clement street-
Rev. A. E. Ulrich.
Morning— Preaehlnir by ths Rey. John Han
non. D.D. Evening— Preachin* by to*
pastor. :* -
First English Lutheran. Geary str«et, near
Franklin— Rov. E. Nelander.
Mornins-"A» It I* In Heaven." ftrrt of
services on the "Heaven Ut:" Evening
— "Beautified Bins."
3Iornln«— "The Spirit of Christ." Evealnc
• The invitation of th« Gospel."
Memorial Presbyterian. Eighteenth and
Railroad avenue*— Rev. H. N. Bevler.
Howard Preabyterlan, corner Oak and
Baker streeta— Rev. J. S. Thomas.
Mornlnr-PreachfflS 67 the pMtar, Er«n
lnt-"How to Get a Bles«la* tha L*at
Sabbath Evenin* In the Old Chnrch."
Mornlnr— "What I» a Christian?" Bven
tn«—•'Satisfaction.
Mornlnr-Preachln*. Evenlnr-Paitor wlU
preach on the poolrocm ordinance
Morninr— "God's Wonderful "Waya." S-ren
inff— "Gambllnj."
A Great Minstrel Show.
Probably the largest company of min
strels that "ever appeared on a San Kran
cisco stage will perform for the benefit of
Sacred Heart Church on Friday evening,
November 9, at Metropolitan Hall. Alto
gether there will be seventy-five minstrels,
which will Include a grand chorus of thir
ty-five well-trained madrigal . boys.
Prisoners Sentenced.
Martin Johnson, who assaulted his wife
with a deadly weapon and who pleaded
guilty to the offense, was sentenced to one
year in the County Jail yesterday by
Judge Dunne. John Barhau, who -was
convicted on a charge of grand larceny,
was sent to San Quentln for two years.
Weapon.
Thomas Kenneally was allowed by
Judge Lawlor yesterday morning to enter
a plea of guilty of assault with a deadly
weapon, and was sentenced to nerve two
years In the County Jail. Kenneally and
KENNEALIyY GETS OFP
WITH IilGHT SENTENCE
Sentenced to Two Years in Jail for
Assault With a Deadly
E. Madson, a miner, swore to a com
plaint In Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday
for the arrest 5 of Peter Iverson on ' a
charge of threats to kill. Madson al
leges that at r Bristol Bay, Alaska, while
he and Iverson were working in the mines
Iverson broke his Jaw and threatened to
kill him. They met here Friday and
Iverson again threatened to kill him.
John Can- was held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Cabaniss yester
day on a' charge of burglary in $1000 bonds.
He broke into, a shoe store at 122 Sixth
street and stole several pairs of shoes.
John Bishop was arrested In Judge
Fritz's court yesterday morning by Police
man Attrldge • and booked at the City
Prison on charges of grand larceny and
vagrancy. Bishop was present as a wit
ness for the defense in the case of Inez
Curtis and D. Curtaz, charged with grand
larceny for stealing $G0 and a check for
$70 in a water front saloon from Joseph
Benedict of • Menlo Parlf ¦ early- last
"Wednesday morning, and Attridge had in
formation that Bishop was one .of the
gang.
Robert Lange, the bogus lottery ticket
man, pleaded guilty to two charges of
obtaining money by false pretenses before
Judge Fritz yesterday, and will be sen
tenced "Wednesday. He got $25 from Mrs.
Kate Costello, 124 Julian avenue, and $10
from Mrs. McArthur, Sixteenth street.
Oakland, by representing that they had
won prizes on the bogus tickets he had
sold them.
John Purvis, a Bailor and fisherman
from Alaska, Bwore to a complaint In
Judgo Cabanlss 1 court yesterday for the
arrest of Michael Gavin, saloonkeeper at
172 Minna etret, on the charge oi felony
embezzlement. Purvis alleges that last
Wednesday he was Induced to leave $142
with Gavin for Eafe keeping, and that
when he'asked for It yesterday morning
Gavin assaulted him, knocking him down
and throwing him out of the saloon.
Gavin was arrested/
zling Money.
INCIDENTS XN POLCEOE OOTTRT.
Saloonkeeper Charged With Embez-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
i -
GRAND HOTEL.
W Geary, Sacto
H Rives, Berkeley
A R Currey,' Vlsalla
J H French, Humboidt
A R Carter, San Jose
J Gallagher, Cal
EL Lory. Cal
J R "Watson & w, Cal
W- Rankln.College City
W T T Whale, Stocktn
D E McKlnlay, Cal
D Durmody, Berkeley
H L Roberts, Stanford
H S Babcock Jr.Stanfd
R D Irvins, Cal
E D Brown. Cal
W E Walther. Or
AH Gentzlor & iw. III
R. J Prince, Boston
: A B Long, Fresno
M Biggs Jr, Orovllla
J Goldman, Merced
G F Harrell. Merced
O Y "Woodward. Cal
Miss B Hamrlck, Chic
L A Spltzer. S Jose
B F Thorp & w, L Ang
A D Hooper. N Y
J H Clark, N Orleans
H B Sharp, Stanford |
HB Martin & w, Cal I
R J Keith. Stanford
DrJE Blakelee, N Y
H A Daggett. Stanford
Miss J Richards, Cal
Miss E Brown, Stanfd
J D Jackson & fy. Cal
S K Jackson. S Jose
J M Jones, Colusa
H G Powers 4 w. Cal
G Camay & w. Portld
W J Richardson. Cal
C M Spencer. Portland
Dr Farrington. ArlS
G F Sanborn. Stanford
Mabel L Larkin, III
Mrs E P O'Brien, Cal
J A McClurg. Coallnga
Dr F G Hart. Fresno
S F Booth. San Jose
G G von Hembach, Cal
W E Coppedge, Mo
Dr C A Derlln, Vallejo
D H Willlams.St Louis
A B "Watson. Stanford
H S Johnson, Nebr
W H Dean. Courtlana
E W Redpath. Boston
F P Fogg, Boston
J P Gray. Alaska
|W Green & w.Vancouv
iC T Stephens, Stanford
PALACE HOTEL.
O Booker, London
Mrs G Booker, London
Miss Sinks. London
Mrs "W M Hopklne.
Boston
F E Younsr, Idaho
Mrs F E Young, Idaho
W W Hig-gins, Chgo
G P Orr. Los Ang
M E Judd, Dal ton
Mrs M E Judd.- DaJton
W Newman. Dalton
A O Lovejoy, Cal
W M Tales, Vallejo
H L Smith, Vallejo
L K Baldwin, Cal
J W Alston, Cal
E L Howe, Chgo
T F Ahern, Chgo
L H Llttlefield. Prov
S I Berman. N Y
L B Robinson, N Y
Count Holnstein, Ox-|
nard I
F A Ford. Cal
S Hamburger. Chgo
W P Hammon, Orovill
G Hammon, Orovllle
MaJ A H Whltton, Cal
Mrs A H Whltton. Cal
Mrs E S Davis. Cal
E C Voorhlea. Cal
S D Rosenbaum, Cal
M Minger, Picas Vally
Mrs M Minger, Cal
Clarence Day, Cal
C F Blngaman. Pa
W D Felts. Chgo
R Rosenthal, N T
H L Langnecker. Cal -
H E Duncan. Jr. N Y
Mrs H E Duncan Jr.
N Y
J F Stewart. Los Ang
E L Van Nlerop. Yoko
hama
G M Pinney. N T
L R Natbohm. Spok&n
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL.
J E Nolan, Sydney
E B Sternhart. Chgo
M C Markua, Petaluma
O B Bmlthson. | Bacto
H N Lewlston. L Ang
Rev G M Gardner, Mass
C Reed. Redwood City
J Anderson. San Diego
G Milbank Jr. Cal
O Sullivan. Boston
J M Smith & w. Sacto
K Lund A t. Chicago
G L Lincoln. San Jo«a
II P Stroder, Boston
A R Moulton, L Ang
H McFarlana. Boston
W B Gillls. Cincinnati
P M Clancy. Atlanta
M Conolly 4: w. Cal
C E Harris. Seattle
W H Smith. Seattle
M Kcnch & w. Sonora
Moin!ns— Service*. Evening— Same.
Mot nlng— Sermon tor Rev. W. M. Jonem of
Los Angeles.
Morning— "The Kernel and the Husk."
Morning— "Adam and Fallen Man."
Morning— Services. Evenins— Same.
Morning— "The Slain Christ." Events*—
Rt. Rev. Bishop O. W. Clinton. XlL,
D.D.. "Ill preach.
.fternoon— Rev. Francis Murphy will <!•>
liver an address on hla Ufa aad> his con
version.
St." Luke's. Van i Ness avenue and Clay
street.'
A. M. E. Zion, $06 Stockton street— Rev. H.
Brown.
-"' ¦ _ - -
Y. M. C. A.. Mason and Kills streets.
First Church of Christ, Scientists, 223 Sut
ter street, between ¦ Kearny and Grant
avenue — The Blbble and Science and
• Health, With Key to the Scriptures.
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
and Franklin streets— Rev. Bradford
Leavitt.
Second Unitarian, corner Twentieth and
Capp streets.
Trinity, corner Bush and Gough streets—
Rev. Frederick "W. Clampett. #
Westminster Presbyterian, Pn.ee and Web
ster streets— Rev. E. H. Avery.
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Geary and
» Powell streets— Rev. John Heznphlll.
Stewart Memorial U. P.. Guerrero street,
near Twenty-third — Rev. W. E. Dujran.
. .. ¦ ¦•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.
Morning— Preaching-. Erenlnc-e«n».
38
Morning— Services. Evmtng-GtLmm.
POLK. 1143, corner Sutter— Two unfurnished
sunny rooms, J5 each.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished sunny par-
lor suite; light housekeeping; also other rms.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day. wk., mo.
POST. 943 — A bay-window alcove furnished
room, with running water.
KOSEDALE House, 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 2&c to $1, week $1 25 to $4; open night.
Katie Walsh and Mrs. Christopher Pries, a
native of San Francisco, aged 14 years 11
months and 12 days.
EyFriends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-njorrow
J (Monday),- at 2 o'clock, from her la« resi-
dence, IS Geneva street, between Sixth ana
Seventh, Brannan and . Townsend, thence to
! Bt. Rose's Church for services at 2:30 o'clock.
.Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WIGGERS— In this city, October 25. 1900, Har-
~old, beloved husband of Clara "Wiggers, and
dearly beloved father of Mrs. D. W. Spald-
lng and Tillie and Gertrude Wlggers, a natlv»>
of Holsteln. Germany, aged 76 years 10
months and 10 days. (Stockton and Sacra-
mento papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited -to attend the funeral this cay
' (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. 6uhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh? and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. -
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$S; month, $S to $39; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or ' unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Suite of furnished rooms, suitable
for business; also email room.
SUTTER. near Leavenworth — Attractive newly
furnished room; strictly private house; price
moderate; references. Address box 4104, Call.
SUTTER. STS— Sunny furnished rooms for first-
class physician, dentist or other business.
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor^ — Sunny, choice, rea-
sonable; pleaee investigate; bath.
TATLOR. 318— Sunny suite: also sunny room
for 2 gents; separate beds; rent reasonable.
II WEEK; large sunny furnished room; closet:
bath; private. 534 Folsom st. ; call by 8 p. m.
H— TWO unfurnished roome; sunny. EB3 Sev-
enth street.
$6 A MONTH— Sitting and bed room combined;
finely furnished; gentleman. Box 8816, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
ROOMS WANTED.
S OR 4 unfurnished rooms; between First,
Fifth. Market and Harrison. Box 4117. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARD and rooms at 415 Flrat st, near Har-
rison.
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
rooms; fine table. 1604 California st.
GUERRERO, 114— Handsome sunny alcove
and other rooms, with or without board; home
cooking; reasonable.
BOT8 and girls attention! A handsome nickel
watch will be given to the boy or girl who
will write an essay of 100 words upon the sub-
ject, "What Constitutes a Good Cltlien";
only those under 15 will be admitted In the
contest; photo must accompany tho writer's
manuscript; any one who wishes their manu-
script returned must enclose a stamp; reward
of merit; December 1. Address "WM. F. LJJEB,
513 Examiner building.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES-Chlchester'B English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
. send 4o stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
City or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery et.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ltOOMS papered from $2 50; whitened (1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 313 Third.
SEWINO machines repaired at your home;
drop card to L. J. OWEN. S64 Folsom St.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. US 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 nr. 15th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
EEKINS Van and Storag-e Co. 722 Mission Bt.;
tel. Main 1S40; chipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Gloving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore Bt.: phone Jackson 2S1.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second hand; large
display; very cheap. 927 Market, room 220.
4^^*^ — — -^
129 .Kearny Street
$2.00 each
Gold Cloth
Extra large sized comforts, filled with the best grade
of white cotton, covered w^th a good quality of daintily
figured silkoline, price
a pair
Bed Comforts
Good blankets made of the best quality of white wool,
medium weight, size 60x78 inches, extra value at
$3-00 a Pair
Blankets
These corsets give the figure a style which is unequaled
by any other make and they allow the wearer perfect
ease and comfort, which you will be convinced of by
having a pair fitted, price
French P. D. corsets in short or long waists, made
of French coutille, Italian cloth or French sateen in gray,
white and black, trimmed with lace or embroidery, well
boned and with either hip gores or Empire cut hips.
Perfect Corsets
$I.OO a yard
Colored silk poplin with a soft lustrous finish, French
manufacture, suitable for full suits or waists in seasonable
shades for street and evening wear, a very superior
quality at
et Q
p 2O.JOa suit
Stylish for Suits
High class tailored suits, well made of cheviot, lined
throughout with a good quality of silk taffeta, cutin«the
latest style with the new flair skirt and double breasted
jacket, at
Tailor-Made Suits
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPE^TRITER&^\\>
eell better machines for leas money than any
house in the city; rentals. J3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
DIVIDEND KOTICI3S.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 110 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St.. on and after Thurs-
day, November 1, 1900. Transfer books close
Friday. October 26, 1*00, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
TVTAKBIAOE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Samuel Carson. 36, city, and Louisa E. Gal-
lon, 32, city.
Leroy TV. Barnes. 40. 8301 Mission street, and
Jessie G. Seiner, 85, Stockton.
George H. Bishop, 33, 6 Seventh street, and
Nettle B. Rockwood, SO. 33S Eddy street.
Bernard Hannan, 40, 918 Twenty-second street,
and Annie Law. 30. 80S Minnesota street.
Stephen A. Cole. 22. Santa Rosa, and Grace
B. Adamson, 20, 238 Taylor street.
Hugh Lundle, 84, 508 Third street, ind LeaX
Henslee, 27. 118 Fell street.
Ernest Macavoy, 19. 3 North Wiilard street,
and Grace MacPhie. 18. 223V4 Ninth avenue.
William J. Coleman, 60, city, and Caroline
A. Oppenheimer, 30, city.
Scrvatore O. Pasqulnucd, 29, 109 Valleio
street, and Antonieta Furia. 18. 250 Vallejo st.
Ben Kaiser, 31, Llvermore. and Emma Gau-
batz, 24, city.
Lovern E. Potter. 28, Colusa. and Martha V.
Hannah, 21, Maxwell.
Edward Keirnan, 80, 1834 O'Farrell itreet.
and Elizabeth Harnett. 26. 1834 O'Farrell street.
Cecillo Salas. 27, 325 Green Btreet, and Ade-
lalda M. Ramero. 20. 20 Natoroa etreet.
¦William H. Kirkman, 32. Walla Walla, and
Maude E. Ashley, 21. Walla Walla.
John Duffy. 26, 2911 Twenty-third street, and
Maggie Duffy, 24, 2822 Twenty-third street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BORN.
BOHLEN— In this city. October" 22. 1900, to the
wife of M. H. Bohlen. a Eon.
DAVIS— In this city, October 25. 1900, to the
wife of Ralph Davis, a dajughter.
GILBERT— In this city. October 25, 1900, to the
wife of Robert J. Gilbert, a daughter.
GIROT— In this city, October 7, 1900, to the
wife of Albert Girot, a eon.
GOUQH— In this city, October 27. 1900, to the
wife of John W. Oough, a eon.
HONE YMAN— In the Potrero, October 21. 1900,
to the wife of John V. Honeyman, a son.
KUHLEXKAMP— In this city, October 19. 1900
to the wife of H. Kuhlenkamp, a daughter.
LOREY-In this city, October 25. 1900, to the
wife of Frank Lorey. a daughter.
McCORMICK— In this city, October 27. 1900, .to
the wife of James McCormlck. a eon. ¦
McGRATH— In this city, October 3, 1900 to
the wife of George McGrath, twins— a son and
a daughter.
RAE— In this city, October 13, 1900, to the wife
of J. A. Rae, a daughter.
REEMAKT— In this city, October *1, 1900. to the
wife of Charles William Rebman, a son.
TINGSTROM— In this city, October 19. 1900 ta
the wife of G. L. Tingstrom, a eon.
VON ST ADEN— In this city. October 28, 1900, to
the wife of Chris von Staden. a daughter.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Schlactcr:
215-217 Sutter. St., above Kearny.
A full carload of new lino-
leums in many patterns and in
five different qualities came in
Saturday.
If interested in linoleums of
Value, come in an'd see- these
new goods.
Our prices are not high —
for our qualities are the best;
we could not afford to offer in-
ferior goods at any price. %<
You're welcome to see and
examine our exclusive lines at
all times.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ¦• the funeral - this . day
(Sunday), at 1 : : o'clock, - from the • funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks, undertaker, .957
Mission "street, '-between Fifth and Sixth,
:' where the < services * will be » held • under the
auspices of Eureka '•¦ Lodge No. 9, K.:ofP.
WALSH— In this ' city, October 27, 1900, » Mar-
garet, beloved daughter of Margaret and the
fate Thomas Walsh.' and :sister of Lizzie and
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30. o'clock, from the family
residence, 315- Railroad avenue, Alameda,
thence' to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. ...
SENTZ— In this city,' October 26. 1000, , Minnie,
beloved. wife of. Rudolph Sentz. and aunt of
Mrs. limile Vogelsang. . a native of Baden,
Germany, aged - 64 ¦¦ years 3 months and 22
days. ¦ i . ,.
ICrFriends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. . Suhr & Co., 1187 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Cremation at I.
O. O. F. Cemetery at 11 o'clock. .;
WAHLQUIST— In -this city, October 25, > 1900.
Frederick, beloved husband of the late Mary
Wahlquist,' and father of William and Chris-
tine Wahlqulst and Mrs. W. Haynes, a na-
tive of "Hawn,"" Sweden, aged 70 years and 2
months. - ¦• - ....
lETFrlends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission Btreet, under the
auspices of Germanla Stamm No. 83, U. O.
R. M. Interment; I. 0. 0.- F. Cemetery.
ROSENBLUM— At Bartlett Springs, October' 25,
1900. II. L., beloved husband of Sophie Rosen-
blum, and brother of Mary Abraham. Rachel
Hilborn, Theresa. Davidson, Gussie Franken-
berg and Jennie. and Samuel Rosenblum, a
native of Isbetz. Poland, aged 50 years 11
months and 5 days.-'
(CTRemalns will arrive in 6an Francisco
this (Sunday) evening. Notice of funeral in
Monday morning's. papers. ;
RYDER-In Randsburg, October 24, 1900, Harry
J.. youngest son of. Ellen T. and the late
Charles B. Ryder, a native of San Francisco,
aced 2G . years. . -
[CT Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery, on
arrival of train from San Jose at Third and
Townsend streets at 10:40 o'clock to-morrow
(Monday).
McGRATH— In this city. October 17. 1900, In-
fant eon of George and Fannie McOrath.
McKOWN— In this city, October -27, 1J00. Jen-
nie, beloved daughter of William McKown,
and elster of Mrs. McCottrey, Mrs. A. Spald-
lng and Alex, Robert, William and Abbie
McKown. a native of California, aged 21
years 11 months and 21 days.
MAGUIRE— In this city, October 25, 1900 Han-
nah T., beloved wife of John Magulre, mother
of Rose and Peter Magulre, sister of Michael
Daniel. Mark. Charles and Ellen Hurley and
daughter of the late Mark and Hanora Hur-
ley, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 36 years
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 23 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
OLSEN— In this city, October 25, 1900 Police
Ofneer Louis T. Olsen. beloved brother of
William Olscn, Mrs. Eoese and Mrs Wick-
Etrom. a native of Norway, aged 62 years and
3 months. (Chicago papers please copy.)'
CT'FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Castagnptto & Ravenna. 643 and 645 Vallejo
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
PETTINGILL— In this city, October 28, 1900
infant son of William and Annie Pettlngill
a native cf San Francisco.
POPE-In this cltyj' October 25. 1900,' William
Pope, beloved brother of Ben, George and.
Jake Pope, Mrs. Anna Brlckwedel, Mrs. Meta
Elamberg, Mrs. , Lena Hinck and Mrs. Kate
Haack, a native of Rlnstadt, Germany, aged
6* yp-irn.
years. ,
HARTZ— In this city, October 26, 1900. Meta
Hartz, beloved wife of the late Carl H. Hartz,
and mother of Mrs. P. S. Carlson, Mrs. C.
Lorsen, Mrs. C. Rogers, Mrs. W. Nlelson,
Mrs. C. Gustafson and Henry and the late
Louis Grotheer, a native of Amt Dorum, Ger-
many, aged 62 years 10 months and 7. days.
(Neenah, ¦ Wis.,' papers please copy.) ' - ¦
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to-- attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1510 Bryant avenue, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth streets. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
HUGHES- In this city. October 28. 1900, Amelia
J.. beloved wife of Martin Hughes, mother of
James *tf. Hughes, and niece of Margaret
Stevens and Rose Anna Kane, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 45 years and 12 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 522^4 Bhotwell street, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth, Howard and Folsom,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church for
sen-ices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KANE— In this city. October 27. 1900. Dennis
Car] ton. infant eon of James M. and^ Min-
nie K. Kane, a native of San Francisco, aged
2S days.
KELLY— There will be an anniversary solemn
requiem high mass for the repose of the soul
of the late Michael Joseph Kelly to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, at - St. Dominic's
Church, corner Bush and Stclner streets.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend.- ;
KELLY— In this city. October 26. 1900, Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Kelly, and father
or Esther Kelly, a native of Isle of Man. aged
48 years 3 months and 24 days. (Stockton,
Cal., and Chicago, 111., tapers please copy.)
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Po3t. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
LORING— In this city, October 27. 1900, Ernest
Lorlng, a native of San Francisco. - -
MCALLISTER— In San Jose. October 26. 1900. at
the residence of her sister, Mrs. John Mc-
Carthy, Alameda street, near Race. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Captain John McAllis-
ter, loving daughter of Ann Donovan, and sis-
ter of Jeremiah and James T. Donovan, a
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his • parents, 714 Clement street, between
Eighth and Ninth avenues,- Richmond- dis-
trict. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BOLTS— In Manila, P. I., September 4, 1900, of
typhoid fever, Richard Carroll Bolts, dearly
beloved son of* John F. and Sarah A. Bolts,
and beloved brother of John F.. Martin C.
and Ruth S. Bolts, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 19 years S months and 11 days.
Formerly a member of Company D, ¦ First
California Regiment. U.' S. V.
E7"Funeral services will be held this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the funeral parlors
°* H - F. Maass. 017 Mission street,- near
Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
C AGLIERI-In the City and County Hospital.
October 27. 1900. Fortunato Caglierl, a na-
tive of Italy, .aged 32 years.
DE CAMP— In Oakland/October 26, 1900, : Mar-
f are i C A de Camp, beloved daughter of Nicho-
las de Camp,' and sister of Mrs. Mary Dabell
, a T nd _Mrs. Amelia Walker, a native of Troy,
.N. y.. aged 19 years 4 months and 8 days.
E RP AR — In A « n ewB, October 24. 1900. Robert
W.7S beloved husband of Julia Edgar, and
father of Mrs. William Lobban. a native of
England, aged 64 years. A member of Presi-
dio Lodge No. 334, I. O. O. F.. and Golden
Gate Encampment No. 1, I. O. O. F.
. CpTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully^ invited to attena the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from Stelmke Hall.
Octavia 6treet, near Union, under the aus-
pices of - Presidio - Lodge No. 334. I. O. O. F.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riages. - Remains at the parlors of the Call-
rornia . Undertaking Company, 405 Powell
Btreet. near Post..
E^ E 5X~ In thlB clt J r - October 25. 1900, Henry
T. Emery, beloved husband of Meleta Em-
•ry. anatlve of Eastport. Me.
CT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streete,
under the auspices of Oriental Lodge No. 144,
F. and A. M. j Interment I. O. O. F. s Ceme-
tery.
ETJSTICB-In this city, October 27. 1900, Grace
E., only child of J. H. and Nettie Eustice, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 years and 11
days. . • ,
FREDERICKS— In this city. October XI. 1900.
Mrs. Allura E. Fredericks, wife of Henry A.
Fredericks, loving, mother of Richard and
Ormaa Rumble, daughter of Mrs. C. J. Or-
man and the late Richard Orman. and sister
of Mrs. P. H. Hlggrlns of Martposa. Cal., a
native of Geneva. N. Y., aged 48 years 11
months and 6 days. (Geneva, N. Y., and
etockton and Newman papers "please copy.)
(ETRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth, till 8 a-m. this day (Sunday). Inter-
ment at Fresno, Cal.
FREBMAN-In Oakland, October 87, 1900, at
660 Thirty-second street, Emma, wife . of.
Frank Freeman, and mother of Frank Ells-
worth and George Freeman, a native of Cali-
fornia.
GODFREY— In this city. October 2«. 1S0O, Ara-
bella D. Godfrey, widow of the late James T.
Godfrey of New York City, aged 67 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
U-^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at Trin-
ity Church, corner Gougrh and Bush streets.
GONZALES— In this city. October 27, 1900,
Margrett, beloved wife of Edward Gonzales,
daughter of Joseph and the late Catherine
Rellly, and sister of John Rellly and Mrs. M.
Luzuss, a native of Ban Francisco, aged 26
George, beloved son of George 8. and Estella
G. Baum, a native of Sonora, Tuolumne
County, Cal., aged 6 years 3 months andl4
days.
FRANKE— DANNEIL— In this city, October 21
1900, by the Rev. - Paul Branke, John Franke
and Mrs. Rosalie Dannell, both of San Fran-
cisco.
FORAN— STEIN— In this city, October 18 1900
at St. Mary'e Church, by the Rev. H. H.
Wyman. C. S. P., Francis J. Foran and Ber-
nardin F. Stein, both of San Francisco
LOUQHERY— COLLOPY— In this city. October
21, 1900. at St. Joseph's Church, Frank X
Loughery and Catherine H. Collopy,' both of
San Francisco.
SCOTT— CLELEND— In .this city, October 27
1900, at Central M. • E. Church, by the Rev
S. D. Hutslnpiller, Robert E. Scott and Viola
• Clelend. both of San Francisco. *
MARRIED.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher) .
DANIEL 'P. DONOVAN. Mgr. jh- -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
SO Fifth st., r opposite Lincoln School. »
Telephone South 89.'
HENRY J. GALL AGH ER CO.,
U NITED ; U N DERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. ; Tel. South 167. ; .
rUNERAL DIRECTOR? 'AMD EMB ALMER3 .
: Finest Equl-'nent at Moderate Ratee.'.I
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ANOTHER GREAT BARGAIN.
SEEING IS BELIEVTNO.
A fine buUdlne lot on one of the principal
streets, near schools and trains,
ONLY J4O0.
5TJ00 will purchase an clepant 2-ttery mod-
rm 8-room house; large lot; near CheEtnut-st.
station.
IF YOU WANT A SNAP
In a nice 7-room house, lot 40xl4S, eee ue lm-
mediEtely; price only fill*.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1D00 Park St.. Alameda.
20 Post st.. E. F.
flOOO— NICH 4-r^om cottage; lot 23xlS0; between
Morton Station and Bay Station.
flSfiO— Modprn cottage of 6 rooms and bath:
lot 50xl f >0: business property at Bay Klation.
Address II., box 114, Call offtce.
5~i0— AUCTION price; finest modern 0-room
cottace in Alarceda; perfect plumbing; line
location: 2 blocks from station & high echool;
fair terms. A. G. Burns, 1501 Park. Alameda.
EXCI1AJVGE.
FINE coal yard for rent: suitable for milk
depot or exrresx or stables. Apply 2101 Cen-
tral ave., Alameda.
uoi m;> to let — KrnvisHED.
LOWER part of house, elegantly furnished;
best location. 2101 Central ave., Alameda.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALB IIEAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE BT H. A. PLEITNER.
S325— House cf 2 rooms; barn; corner lot, ESx
US- all fenced; 1 block; frcm electric cars.
$&&— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms, front and back
rcrch; barn, chicken houses and work shop;
large lot; fine place for raising chickens; $150
cash, balance $7 2S per month.
.. $1000 — House of 4 rooms; etable, chicken
houses, furniture; good horse, harness and cart;
fruit trees in bearing; lot "CxlOS.
tlOlO — New house cf 4 rooms and bath; bace-
rr.ent; fruit trees In bearing; lot 60xl&0; splen-
did location.
S1C75 — Bay-window ccttage of E * rooms and
bath; 7-foot basement; grood brick foundation,
etc.; bsm. chicken house; let 50x116: one block
from c'.eetnc cars; easy terms if desired.
$1100 — Sacrifice; medern ccttaire of 5 rooms and
bath, bascrr.er.t, etc.; lot E0sl46; one block from
electric care; mu*t be Bold; an opportunity '
worth inveEtipat'.ng; J100 cash, balance same as
rent.
J1600— Two-«ory house of S rooms and bath;
fine mantel; corner lot; near station; must cell
at once.
flSSO— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
basement, etc; S chicken houses; 200 chickens;
thnlce fruit trees in bearing; lot SCx'SO.
For saie in East Oakland, modern cottage of
6 rooms and bath; basement; good brick founda-
tion: fru:t trees In bearing: lot 35x135; located
on the weet *i«1e of Thirteenth ave., 4 blocks i
from local train; etreet work and cement side-
wa'k: all coi^rlete; oasy terms if desired.
e+* thle for a home. For particulars apply to
H. A. PI.K1TNF.R, Fra'.tvale station. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
REAL ESTATE.
SOME UNIMPROVED PROPERTY".
J6& per front foot; on Telegraph ave.. near In.
A. J. SNYDER & CO., 4CT Sth «., Oakland.
00 per front foot; ea Telegraph ave., near
Tiiirty-seoond ft.
A, J. SNYDER & CO.. 457 Sth St., Oakland.
£20 per front foot; en tlct et.. rear West.
A. J. SNYDER & CO., 467 Sth it, Oakland.
$"C< per front foot: on 22d ft-, nr. Telegraph av.
A. J. tNl'DER & CO.. 467 Tth Ft., Oakland.
One lot in Lcrin, RxUS feet, sewer work done,
f'i jro; ]p;s than 3CJ feet from Ftaticn.
A. J. SKIDE8 & CO., 4C7 Kth st., Oakland.
SOME IMPROVED PROPERTIES.
?45<x".— Kighth et., near Union; flat. pay« $55
IK r month.
A. J. SNYDER & CO., 4E7 Sth ft., Oakland.
S4J00— Telegraph ave., near S2d st.; 7 rooms j
cr..l bath; lot 4'^xl34 f«>t; n<-w nnd modern.
A. J. BKVDEB & CO., 4C7 ith St., Oakland.
tTSOf*— Telegraph ave., near 2lst Ft.; lot SOx !
Ii4; new and modem; 6 r.x>ms and bath
A. J. ENTlJER & CO.. 4H sth Et.. Oakland.
$3C«00— Linden St.. between 16th and ISth; 7 i
rc-oms and bath.
A. J. 6XTDEB &. CO.. 4C7 Sth st.. Oakland.
J27S'>— Poplar ft., near 10th; S rooms and bath.
A. J. SXVDEB & CO.. 467 Sth et. # Oakland.
*r;00— Myrtle St.", between 12th and 14th; 7 !
nxm? and l*arh. I
A. J. SXYDEB & CO., 467 Sth St., Oakland.
$10<X) — Seventh Et., near Adeline; 5 rooms and !
fctth.
A. J. S.N'TDER & CO.. 467 Sth St., Oakland.
JlSOf— Thirty-fourth st.; 7 rooms and bath.
A. J. SNTDEB & CO.. 467 Sth et.. Oakland.
I1C00 — Market «t.. n«»ar 26th; B rooms and bath.
A. J. EXTPEB & CO., 4G7 Sth et., Oakland.
SUOC— Thirty-third ft.; 4 rooms and bath.
A. J. ENYDER &. CO.. 467 Sth et.. Oakland.
FINE SUBURBAN HOME.
*I2.£OO — Elegant 10-rocm modern residence.
with i acre* of choicest shrubberies and fruit;
cost JC5.000; between Berkeley and Oakland.
¦ -LAYMANVE.
FIXE CENTRAL HOME.
$l?.000 — Cost $27.0C0; magnificent modern home,
m-ith ev^ry appointment; location the choicest
In Oakland ; an estate.
LATMAXCE.
A FINE BRICK BLOCK.
f5?.,*)00— One of the choicest investment prop-
erties in Oakland; best location in the city; a
corporation Eale. «
LATMANCE.
A CHOICE INVESTMENT.
fSCCO — Annual income $700; good improvement;
choice central located corner: grand future;
encumbrance $6000; er*c:al bargain.
LAYMANCE.
A NEW INSTALLMENT HOME.
IK50— $:i0 cash; new. 2-story. Colonial, -4
rooms; all complete; near trains end Broad-
way.
LAYMANCE.
ttTXO — Near 14th and Broadway; neat 6-room
cottajre: renting f20 month; mortgage $1650; a
centrally located bargain.
" , i , I LAYMANCE. -I
t3T0O— A model home; 7 rooms; elite location;
near Telegraph ave.; never occupied; built !
f;-f -:*.;.:•¦ for a home.
See u« for choice bargains.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
4W-462 Eighth street, Oakland.
$150 CASH. SC BO monthly: new J-room cottage;
7-foot basement: fine large lot; 256 feet <2eeo"
price, all told. $K0. v
JT £.0 cash. X* £0 monthly; acre excellent
land for JIM!.
IIS cash. ?6 EO monthly; Vi acre Al land; $235.
122 f.S cash, S9 monthly; % acre euperb land
for j;SO.
J25 cath. $11 monthly; 1 acre (more can b«
had) for t<75.
Fruitvale. adjoining East Oakland: climate,
noli and view the very best; away from toga
and raw winds; near •electric car line and wide
boulevard, fall or 6er;d for circular. 455 Seventh
it.. Oaklana; carnace free.
H. Z. JONES, owner.
$20 CASH. $C 60 monthly; lot with new barn and
outhouses: lot C7.12xri. 41x127 :G; Al eoil; no
raw wir.ds nor fog here; near electric car
line*; line rchool and grand boulevard: eur-
roundir.f* nicely settled up; this is a fine
chicken run: adjoining East Oakland; prfc* ¦
all told, 1275; call or Bend for circular. 4:.5
7th rt.. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JON'E« !
owner. '
iiuQO— COST JCOOO; model home of 2 acres- 1 acre
fruit: modern 5-room cottage; high basement ;
porcelain bath; patent closet; hardwood man-
tel; windmill, tank and fine barn- chicken
yards, houses, incubator* and brooders- high
t tacts: complete in detail; house alone would
cost $2000: forced eale and a sr.ap ; see it at
once. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO
100S Broadway. Oakland.
HOC POWN. balance eame as rent; will tegln
building; thl* week;. 5 or 6 rooms; will alier to
wit; close to Grove Ft.
GEO. "W. AUSTIN & CO.
i 100S Broadway. Oakland.
$4000— COST $S500; forced sale; modern home 8
room?: fine crounds; barn: well; nhrubbery
and elevated eunny corner. 157x235 feet: front*
? lectric line. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
j:2.V>— CUT from $1000; 50x130; eunny tide bet.
Telegraph and -Grove; eaey walking distance '
to narrow gauge. KKLDEN & COOK, Wash- |
tncton and 14th Bts. • ;
$350— CHOICK corner. 44x100: on Pi«»dmont elec- I
trie line; high ground and close to power I
houre: terms. BKLDEN & COOX, Washing- i
ton and 14th etc. : j
$10O»-4>TO1IY snd a half. C-room house; barn
&a4 chicken houses; 33d et.. near Grove; fore- !
cloeur*. BE-LDEN & COOK. Washington I
ftbd 14th »ti
FOUR email chicken ranches tor sale. See
Bun^e fcr bargains.
18 houses and cottage* for eale, acquired by
tank mortgage, that I am authorized to sell;
r-a*y terms: Borne eame as rent; send or call
for what you want.
Ranches for sale from 1 acre to 50,000 acres.
Thirty-paRe catalogue of home*.
See E. E, BUNCE for all barfalnj.
Removed to S52 Broadway. Oakland.
Ocace cpen on Sunday. . . .. ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND ' REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
303 BROADWAY, OAKLAND
J1650— Hfsh basement cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; lot 60x139; new barn, chicken house
and yard; line neighborhood; close to
school and cars; street work all done;
very cheap.
JKOO— North side of Fourteenth St., near Ade-
line: cottage of 5 rooms, bath and high
basement; lot 3SxlO5.
S2250 — On Fourth St.. near Harrison: two-story
liouse, 7 rooms and bath; lot 37:6x100; big
bargain.
$3500— On Adeline Bt.. near Fourteenth: fine new
home of 7 rooms and bath; all modern;
lot ZSxlZS; line location and big bargain.
$K00— Fir.ert cottage in Oakland; just com-
pleted; lot 45x1.16; on sunny side of street;
house has five rooms, bath, large hall;
all latest Improvements.
J400O— Very fine home on Piedmont hills, near
the home of Senator Perkins; corner lot.
50x100: house has eight rooms, bath and
basement: latest improvements; fine
view; big bargain.
$3100 — If taken at once; owner leaving the
State: very fine home on Linden st. : lot
47x120; house of 7 rooms, bath and base-
ment.
{4900— On the corner of Grove and Sixth cti.:
fine corner lot. 100 feet front; bouse of 8
rooms and bath; big bargain,
BUILDING LOTS.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS!
$SW— On Second ave., between East Twelfth
and Fourteenth sts.; 2 lots, 87:6x109 each;
street work all done; nne neighborhood;
adjoining property held at $40 per foot.
1400— Fine lots on Market st., between Thirty-
third and Thirty-sixth sts.; street work
all done; just H of what they are worth.
$15 Per foot in Peralta HelghU, fronting
Athol ave.; street .work all done; one
block from car line; very cheap.
$1SOO— Only }C per foot; 300 feet front: two cor-
ners; In Fruitvale; near car line; very
earr terms.
$59 Per foot; M-foot lot on Webster st, near
Durant.
$17 BO Per foot on Weet St., between Thirty-
fourth and Thirty-fifth; high lot; big
bargain.
$18 Per foot; 120 feet deep, on Thirty-sixth
¦t., between West and Market.
$1500—150x140 on East Nineteenth St.; high lots;
will subdivide; near Lake Merrlu.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR tale In Oakland— Nine-room modern house
built for home by day's work; lot 60x132; 3
blocks from local station ; best residence neigh-
borhood: for eale to elope estate at $4750: less
than house cost. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1060
Broadway.
EXCHANGE for Ban Franclsoo residence, north
of Market St., new 8- room dwelling, large lot
and barn; situated in select residence section,
Oakland. BELDEX & COOK. Washington
and 14th ets.. Oakland. .
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list frcm GEO. W. AU3-
TIX & CO.. IPOS Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND OFFICES TO LET.
FOR RENT— Exceptionally well located ground
floor private offices for rent. Apply at . 470
Thirteenth 6*.. between Broadway and Wash-
ington, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaar. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. €21. near Larkin— Neat new furnished
rooms for housekeeping : private; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Apartments, fur-
nished, 3 rooms; yard and laundry; J-0.
GUERRERO. 329—2 nice sunny rooms for
housekeeping: also sunny alcove room.
HOWARD. 1118 — 2 • nice housekeeping rooms,
furnished. J?: also 1 housekeeping room, $5.
HOWARD. 1604— 2 rooms complete for house-
kefjiinE; gas; private: cheap..
JKSSIE, 478, near ,6th — Two furnished house-
keeping rooms; also one double room.
LEAVENWORTH, 515— Basement of two eunny
rooms; housekeeping; reasonable.
MARKET, near Mason— 2 rooms. furnished,
folding bed. gas. f 10. Call 342 Kearny st.
MINNA, K— Sunny 'furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms; very cheap.-
MISSION. 1123H— Sunny housekeeping rooms, J2.
X ATOM A, 645—3 sunny rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
NOE, 153 — 2 or 3 tunny rooms in modern cor.
flat: lolding-bed. gas stove; $12; X. Market.
OAK. Ill — 3 sunny , nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; suitable for 2; gas stove.
OAK. 119—2 sunny' rooms, ' furnished for heavy
housekeeping, $10; yard. "
PIERCE. 349 — 2 or: 3 furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; use of stove and gas.
PINE. 813. near Powell— 3 furnished sunny
housekpg. rms.; sink; tub; gas range; porch.
FOLK. 1539 — Tour choice of two large sunny
rooms: light housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK, 184— Three sunny front rooms
nicely furnished; convenient for housekeeping.
TAYLOR. 7C3 — 2 or S rooms for light house-
keeping In private- family.
TURK, 12*— Two furnished' sunny housekeeping
roome; running water; closet.
TURK. 613 — t furnished 'front housekeeping
rooms, $12.
WEBSTER, 1542— Furnished rooms, suitable for
housekeeping, or single.
A BRANCH office for Call' adverti*ement« and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' - " >.=
ROOMS TO LET— I' urn. and Infnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK" HouseT'lVs Sixth— Rooms 25c
to Jl per night; $1 25 to %Z per .week, and light
housekeeping; open allnfcht.
BELMONT place, S. eft Seventh, near Bryant—
Bunny furnished room: $4 month.
Bi;R?TETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1264)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 63) (The Elk)-Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely* furn. sunny rms., $1 50 to $7
week: 23c to $150 night." MRS. P. RANFT.
BUSH. 627— Nicely furnished sunny room to let.
BUSH. 2153— Large .front room, suitable for two
gentlemen; also small room, J4.
CALIFORNIA, 132S^Well I furnished sunny al-
cove rooms; hot and cold water; grate; large
closets and use of bath and phone.
CHESTNUT. 233. cor. Dupont— Furnished roome
for housekeeping to let; -cheap.
CLIFFORD. 104 Ellis, cor. ilason— Handsomely
furnished sunny rooms; -prices reasonable.
EDDT, 632— An elegent ru!te of rooms, eultable
for one or two gentlemen. ' •
EDDT, 814— Nicely. furnished room; gentleman
only; board optional.
ELEVENTH, 120^-Slngle room; clean and
quiet: $6.
ELEVENTH, 419— Sunny front furnished room
for gentlemen, $5 per month.
FIFTH. 249 — Furnished front room.
FOLSOM. 865. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nlshed sunny rms., single or suites; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 77614— Large neatly furnished room;
everj- convenience.
FOURTH. 223 — Four nice front rooms to let;
also single rooms. '¦
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)-Eleg;antly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en eulte or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON, 1114— Fine room to rent to a gen-
tleman by a German lady.
HATES, 114—2 unfurnished rooms to let.
HERMAN. 47. near Valencia— Upper flat. 4
rooms, with bath. t!4.
JOHNSON House, 123J Folsom. SE. cor. 9th—
Sunny bay-window room for gentlemen or
6iUte for 3; running water; quiet house.
LARKIN, 81914 — Large sunny room, suitable for
" gentlemen; gas and bath; reasonable.
LARKIN, 10C4, near Post— Large newly fur-
nlshed sunny rms.. suitable for couple; $S ma
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market et.— Suite of 2 or 3
rme.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
MASON. 11U, near . Clay— Sunny front parlor:
suitable for 2 gentlemen.
M i NNA J C67> corner Eighth— New furnished
bay-window room, ' $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 612, 1 block from Call— Fine double
rooms; permanent' and 'transient.
MISSION, 654. near, Third-Front Bunny room
for gentleman, »« per month.
BAUM— In - this city. -October - £. 1000,'- Russell
DIED.
Baum, Russell G. Kelly, Thomas !
Bolts. Richard C. Lorlng, Ernest
Caglierl, Fortunato McAllister, Margaret
De Camp. Margaret McGrath (Infant)
Edgar, Robert W. McKown. Jennie
Emery, Henry T. Maguire. Hannah T.
Eustice, Grace E. Olson. Louis T.
Fredericks. Mrs. A. Pettlnglll (Infant)
Freeman, Emma Pope, William
Godfrey. Arabella D. Rosenblum. H. 1 L.
Gonzales. Margrett " Ryder. Harry J.
Hartz, Meta ¦ Sentz, Minnie ¦
Hughes. Amelia J. '• Wahlquist, Frederick
Kan«. Dennis C. Walsh, Marguret
Kelly, ¦ Michael J. Wiggers,- Harold
Since Deputy . Supreme Commander
Blake commonced work for San Francisco
Tent No. 18, a few weeka since, he has In-
creased the membership from 360 to nearly
400, and he is still bringing them In Past
Commanders K." G. Schwartze and Thom
as J. Harris have each been presented bv
Senior Past Commander H. L. Tlckner on
beh^i f *°f th ? ¦ t S nt J a beautiful : diamond
studded Jewel of .their office In recognition
of faithful services to the tent and order
A committee of- this tent Is arranging for
a smoker, to' be given in the near future
In the Maccabee. Temple.
> The entertainment that was recentlv
given by Golden .West Tent to Its friends
was well attended and proved to be a very
entertaining arid Instructive function. The
tent is gradually advancing: and Its mem-
bers are working ; quietly -yet actively to
keep up in th a race for popularity.
Knights of the Maccabees.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISSION, 1121 — Newly renovated house; single
and front rms.; also 2 housekpg.. rent $10.
ROOMS TO LET— Fom. and I'nfnrn.
NEW ARLINGTON. 101B Market nt.— Nicely
furnished rooms, %i a week up; 35c a day up.
NICE inside room, lady or gent, $5. 1028 Mar-
ket st. ; inquire room 3, second floor.LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Deo. Feb.
Opening 5 11, 6 00
Closing S 11 - « 00
PARIS. • ¦;-;
Wheat— • Oct.' Jan. -April.
Opening .:.. 19 80 2115'
Closing 19 80 - 21 15
Flour— ¦ . .
Opening ". — ........ 25 60 27 J0 f
Closing 25 60 27 25
JCETVC TORK. Oct. 27.— There was a very
manifest disposition to eell stock to take
profits to-day. The appearance of an unex
jiectedly favorable bank statement gave a mo
laectary check to the downward movement,
tut the rally waa taken advantage of to In
crease the EellS&g and the whole list gave way.
closing weak and at the lowest prices. Net
losses of between one and two points are
recorded in not a few stocks In the Industrial
end railroad lists. The former department was
the greater sufferer. Some stocks had a period
of strength after the opening, notably Sugar,
Brooklyn Transit and Metropolitan Street Rail
way, which eame stocks were mostly affected
1 y the late selling movement. The Iron an1
»teel Etocks as a group were weak In tpite of
encouraging reports of the Industry in the
weekly commercial .^reviews. Several of them
ruffered to the extent of 1 to % per cent. In
the railroad list the most conspicuous selling
Mas In Missouri Pacific aa the lateat stock to
be Fubjected to unwarranted rumor* to ad
vance it, followed by authoritative denials.
Southern Paciflo continued heavy in eplte of
the deciEion upon the new president. The
Readlnga were quiet. There waa a disposition
about the exchange to deprecate th« excessive
tendency of the speculation and the broadness
of the methods employed in some quarters.
The systematic end periodical dissemination of
bull canards was felt to endanger the stability
of a market where buying waa based upon
such Cimiy grounds. The week has been one
of great epeculatlve activity in Etocks and ha*
afforded opportunity to marKet very lar**
dealings. Tha development of an outside de
mand i.as been accompanied by . manipulation
of piioes In the Interest of speculators long
of clocks. The successful efforts to get prices
up have resulted in handsome profits In the
selling to outside buyers. That many of the
buyers bad In view merely a speculative opera.
tlon. hoping for a continued rise in operations
which would result in a profit on a resale,
was evMent from the selling pressure which
developed in the advance and which turned
prices backward. But the bull interest on the
exchange constantly shifted their opportunities
to new quarters of the stock list and kept the
epeculatlve Interest awake by developing new
price movements. Nearly e\-ery day during the
-neck brought forth publications alleging far
reaching changes in control and in plans for
operation of greater railroad properties or al
lied or connecting systems, with promises of
colossal results In profits. Looking back over
the week lt is noticeable that these etorles
have failed of ootiflrmation and In many In
stances have been conclusively denied, so that
after the first upward Jump of the etock it
haa fallen back in price and t«come com
paratively quiet in the *p*culatfr/ii. It is an
ln\'ariable incident of a bull marliet that after
the professional operators haye worked through
the list of stocks and exploited ail those avail
able for a rlM and sold their ltoldlngs they
will become aa lndustrloua In sowing dis
couraging opinions regarding future values as
they were before in expressing confidence.
«*»• recent supalles of gold eecuted ct various^
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. n.-CATTLU-Jlecelpts. TOO.
Nominally steady.' Good to choice steers, 85 60
@S; poor to medium, $4 40^5 60; selected feed
ers. $4 4004 SO; mixed stookers. $2 60@2 90; cows,
$2 75@4 25; heifers,. $2 76® 4 £5; canners, J2@2 60;
bulls. * 12 40@4 40; calves, $4®« 40; : Texas fed
stesrs, J4©4 60; grassers, $8 35@4 15; bulls, $2 75
©8 25/ ¦¦<¦:¦<: : -.:,---- ¦ :--,-
HOGS— Receipts, »,000j Monday, 84,000; left
over, 6000; 60 la lOo lower. Top, $4 90; mixed
and butchers', 84 45©4 90; good to choice heavy,
$4 65Q4 87H: rough heavy, $4 4004 50; light, $4 40
@4 85; bulk of sales, $4 6004 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1000. Sheep . and ' lambs.
Bteady. Good to choice wethers, $3 90®4 15;
fair to choice, 13 45@>4; Texas sheep, $3 B0@3 60;
native, lambs, U 25@5 60; Western lambs, 84 85
@5 40. •/
Chicago Livestock Market.
PRUNES— «%@S&o per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll®14o; Moorpark, 154»16c
I'BACILES-Peeled. 16®20o; unpseled, l@Sa
The market for evaporated apples continued
quiet at unchanged prices. State common. 4<9
5c; prime. '4%@5Uo; choice. £V436c; fancy, 6a
6Vie.
California dried fruits Inactive, .
DRIED FRUITS.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4099 packages. Steady;
creamery, 16@22%c; June creamery, lS@2lc;
factory, 13@16c. •
EGGS — Receipts, 4571 package*. Barely steady;
'Western regular packing at mark, 17@19o;
Western, loss off, 21c. >¦•. ¦ ».
HIDES— Steady. California, 21 to tl pound*.
ISiic.
WOOL— Dull. Domestic fleece, WQZlo,
COFFEE>-Spot Rio. quiet: No. 7 invoice, 8H0;
mild quiet: Cordova, »%@14o. Futures closed
steady, with price's 6®10 points lower. Total
sales, 11,000 bags,. Including: November, $7;
December, $7 10; March. 17 80; May, |7 40.
SUOAn— Raw. quiet; fair refining, 4Hc; cen
trifugal. SB test, 4Hc; molasses . sugar, 8TAc, ro
fined t quiet: No. 8, 6.20o; No. 7. 5.20c; No. 8,
6c; No. 9, 4.90c: No. 10, 4.85o: No. 11. 4.85o; No.
12, 4.75c; No. 13. 4.76c; No. 14. 4.70c; stahdard
A, 5.65o; confectioners' A, 6.500; mold A, 60;
out loaf, 6.15c; crushed, 6.15c; powdered. S.8O0;
granulated, 6.75c; cubes, 6.EO0. . .-;-•.
NEW TORK, Oct. tl.— irLOUR-Recelpts.
41.443 barrels; exports, 17.253; sales. 6100 pack
ages. Inactive and barely steady. Winter pat
ents, $3 70®4; do straight, $3 45<ff3 65; Minne
sota patents, $4@4 85 j winter extras, 12 6503-
Minnesota packers, $4@4 10; winter low grades,
$2 45^2 2 60.
WHEAT— Receipt*. 130,525 bushels; exports
23,892; sales, 1,125,000 bushels futures, 120 006
spot Bpot, easy; No. 2 red, 77o f. 0. b. aflo'at;
elevator, 75c; No, 1 Northern Duluth, 83o to
b. afloat; No. 2 hard Duluth, 86%c f. o b
afloat. Options ruled barely steady throughout
the morning, with trade practically on a holi-'
day. Lower cables, an absence of outside or
ders, further liquidation and prospects for bear
iih statistics on Monday all contributed to the
depression. Closed easy at H@%o net decline
March, 80 9-lSSS0%c, closed 80%o; May 8094©
to 9-16o, closed 8OH0; October, dosed 76iio; De
cember, 76Ti@77%o, closed 770. '
HOPS— Steady. State common to obolce, 1899
crop, 1D@13c; do olds, 2@6a; Paciflo Coast. Ii93
crop, lCrttlZc; do olds. 2^/la.
:-¦ GAME— Quail," $1 25@1 50 for Valley and'$J 60
for ¦ Mountain;' Mallard, $4@6; Canvasback, ¦- $1
O« ;. Sprig, $3@3 60;-Teal,' $3@3 60;. Widgeon. $2®
2 25; - Small Duck.. $1 75@2; .Gray i Geese, $3;
White..- Geese, 'v 11 25® 1 60; ,. Brant, $1 50@2 for
email and $2 BO for large; English Snipe,- %\ 23©
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@15o for Gob
blers sand 14@15o 5 for Hens; - old Turkeys, = 11®
12%c; Dressed Turkeys. 16c; Geese, per pali
Jl 5001 75; Goslings, $1 75@2; Ducks, $3@4 tor
old and $3 60@4 60 for young; I Hens,- $3 50(^4 50;
Young> Roosters,^ $3 50#4; Old Roosters, $3 600
4;. Fryers, $3 25@3 60; Broilers, - $3@3 25 for large
and : $2 60@3 <• for - small ; - Pigeons, $1 per dozen
for old and %\ 75©2 for Squabs. .
Game stood about the same. Receipts were
140 sks, and the market was very firm with a
good demand in ¦ the afternoon. ;
|s The Poultry market was well cleaned up at
tho close.' ¦'-.-.-¦; ¦.-.'¦¦ V;*-..., .:¦:¦'•: ¦ •- ¦_¦ .; . ¦. 5
Poultry and Game.
g VEGDTABLES-Oreen Pea*. 2©«o per 1b;
StrWg . Beans. 8®5o; Llmas, 2®2% O per lb :
Cabbag*, s 81} Tomatoes, Bay, 20®60o; Egg
Plant, 25@C0o per box; Green Okra, 60® 60c;
Green Peppers, 80@50o per box for Chill and 40
©50c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 10®15c; Carrots
25©35c per sack ; > Summer Squash, &0<a S5c for
Alameda; Cucumbers. 40@50o for • Alameda;
fickle* »1 50 per box for No. l and $1 for No. 8
Garlic, 4@4%c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, SS01O
per: ton.-:':. . . ' v- •...¦ ¦ ¦ ._ .„¦ ...,-,"' • =
POTATOES— River Reds. 75@85o; Burbanks
80@C0c for Rivera and 90c@$l 15 p« r ctl for
Salinas and 60©90o for Oregon; Sweets 60O75e
for Rivera and 90o for Merced. ' Z~ -*
ONIONS— 75C0I1 05 per ctl; Pickle Onions, BOO
• Onions have again advanced. A car of Mer
ced Sweet* ' aold at the decline noted below.
Tomatoes were dull and weaker. • Otherwise
there was little change. * .
BEANS— Bayos, $2 8B02 60; Small White.
$3 76ST3 90: Large White, $2 «K£2 80; Pink, $1 so®
8 10: Red, $3 25; Blackeye. $2 75<g>2 85; Lima.
$5 15-55 20; Pea, $3 76@4; Red Kidney, $3 75@4*
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 25@2 40; ' Canary
£%o per lb for California and 4c for Eastern-
Alfalfa, 9©9%o; Rape. 2%@3c; Hemp. 4®4%c :
Timothy. 4@4%o. ** '^ '
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, »1 6003; Green. 81 80O
E 20 per ctl; Blackeye, U 50@l 75. *
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans continue very firm, but changes yes
terday were slight.
Beans and Seeds.
Bran and Middlings are again a fraction
lower, supplies being in exoesa of the demand
at the moment. Hay is steady and unchanged.
BRAN— 115 506*16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $18 60@19 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, tlfl Smit B0
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26- Job
blr.g, $26 60; Cocoanut Cake, $17@>18; Corn Meal
S26#27; Cracked Com. $28 60@27 60; Mixed Feed
$15016. ¦ • ¦
IiAY-Volunteer. $5®Sj Wheat, I $1*313 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10®12 50; Oat, $3@U 50; Clover,
$5©7; Alfalfa, $6 50@8 60; Barley, $7®» per ton!
STRAW— 85@4£o per bale. .
Hay and Feedstuffs.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks ara aa fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; '' Graham
Flour %t per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 12 75; Rye
Meal $2 60; Rice Flour, $7-; Corn Meal, $2 75:
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 60; Hom
iny, $3 50@S 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 60; Farina, 14 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; in Backs, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas. 85; Oreen Peas, 85 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 «X9
175, usual terms; Bakers* Extras. $3 40®3 50;
Oregon and Washington, )2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 15®3 50 for bakers'; Eastern.
$4 7S@5 75 per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
White, H S5@l 60; Surprlte, Jl 45@1 65; Red.
tl lE(gl 25 for feed and $1 25® 1 40 for seed; Gray,
$1 2801 35; Black, for feed. $1 12%® 1 20; for
seed. $1 22%<gl 82% per ctl.
CORN— Eastern yellow, 81 20@l 22%; white.
$1 22%®1 23?i; Eastern mixed, 11 20®l 21»4 per
ctl. "¦--,--
RYE— 80c per ct!.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 I5®3 per ctl.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
OATS— The lull in the demand continues, but
prices remain firm. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Second Session — Xo sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 44,000 ctls.
*10?%.
BARLEY— The market show* no change
¦worthy of note, and remains dull.
Feed, 72%o for choice bright. 70c for No. 1
and 62%<g«7%o for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 78@S0c; Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session — 3:18 o'clock — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
This market waa stagnant at unchanged
prices
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 95c; Milling, »7Hc<&U
per ctl. , - '- --¦<• * - . ¦
WHEAT— Llverpol and Parts were again
sllchtly lower, and New York was a fraction
off. It was a holiday at Chicago, so there was
no news from that market.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — $4 8m
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83%
6terllng Cables — 4 85
New Tork Exchange, sight — E
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 7%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64%
Mexican Dollars, nominal E0% O Cl
Exchange and Bullion.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the J150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows) Available cash
balance, $134,058,830; gold. $69,140,667.
Condition of the Treasury.
LONDON. Oct. 27.— Atchiaon. 8SH: Canadian
Pacific, S9H; Union Paciflo preferred. 7g%;
Northern Paciflo preferred, 7B\4; Grand Trunk
6%; Anaconda, 8% ex dividend; bar silver!
quiet, 29%d per ounce; money, 1%C2 P«r cent.
CLOSING,
There 1* confirmation of the report of the
borrowings from the bank yesterday, but lt Is
understood that these were to meet some
Stock Exchange requlrementa and not for
money necessities. It is rumored that the
bank Intends soon to take action with a view
to securing control of th» money market.
The American department was especially
quiet. Opening prices were about at parity
and they hardened later on buying- for tha
Continent. Money was somewhat easier.
The market* here were deserted to-day, Not
withstanding the postponement of the arrival
and reception in the city of the Imperial Vol
unteers, almost everybody had gone away at
for a holiday.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 87.— The Financier Bay*:
The statement of the Associated Banks of New
Tork City for the week ending October 27 was
not of a surprisingly favorable character, the
gains in cash holdings especially attracting- at
tention. The known operations of the week in
dicated that tho banks had lost money, both to
the Treasury and to the interior, but bo far
irom showing this the averages reveal an ac
tual gain ct ?2,324,S00, both specie and legal
tenders sharing in the expansion. By any safe
rule of calculation this Increase cannot be
accounted for, although the peculiar working of
the system of averages from which the state
ment Is compiled has at times In the past
resulted in even more astonishing results. The
gold moving from Europe within the past few
days could not have figured fully in the state
ment and the Treasury disbursements In bank
operations were also too late to show to the
largest extent. Probably if the exhibit Is
really correct local operation* with other Insti
tutions must bo credited as responsible. At
any rate, the statement as suggesting, that
lt reveals the true condition of the banks Bets
at rest the question of money rates for the
immediate future. The gold in transit from
Europe and the consignments received from
Australia and other sources will add appre
ciably to the reserves of New Tork Institutions,
but lt Is an Interesting question whether loans
will continue to contract In the volume shown
over the past month. The ehrinklng of $4,464,
600 in this item elnoe October 2 was about as
expected, although Stock Exchange operations
during the six-day period had been unusually
active. Deposits have been reduced $3,041,300 by
reacon of the lessening of loan commitments.
It is evident, however, that tJie statement does
not balance, even approximately. There Is rea
eon to believe that the drain which th« interior
banks have made on New York this fall is
nearly at an end, but local bankers believe that
the return of this money will be slow and will
not figure appreciably In the statement under
the end of the year. Perhaps the first evidence
cf the turn of the tlds will ,be eeen in con
traction of outstanding national bank notes,
the volume of which has been Increased $S4,
000,000 In a year. These notes are scattered all
over the United States and any redundancy in
circulation will operate toward their partial re
tirement. The elasticity of national bank nots
currency .under the new law, however, is yet to
be tested.
Arizona — Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Bhowera, fol
lowed fcy clearing Bunday; fresh eouthwest
vlnfl. O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast OiflclaL
Forecast mad* at Bon Francisco for thirty
fccrurs ending midnight, October 2S, 1900:
Northern California— Cloudy, with ehowers la
the north portion: partly cloudy In south por
tion Sunday: fresh southwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light west
wind.
Nevada— Shower* Bnnflay, cooler.
Utah— Partly cloudy Sunday; warmer.
The pressure baa fallen over Washington,
Oregon and Nevada. An area of high pressure
Is aentral eff the California coast.
The temperature has risen In Nevada and re
rvalned ctatlonary in other districts.
7be aluiiu oS tee Oregon coast last Bight haa
moved aortheaetward and now overlies British
Columbia. Cloudy asd threatening weather
prevails from Central California northward and
eastward ov«r Northern Nevada and Idaho.
Light rain baa fallen from Cape Mendoclno and
the tapper Sacramento Valley northward
throng's Oregon and Washington.
FORDCABT.
BAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 17. 1900—6 p. m.
The following Trfrirryn-m temperature* vert
reported from stations is California to-day:
Dureka i7 -¦i^VrViiVn^ U Loe Asgelea.......... 70
; T'i -j 74 Eacramento 70
Isdependens* ,. ¦¦¦., €3 gan Luis Obl«po..... £3
:-.'i BIuS ,. ... f? San Diego. ....'.. Ct
Mount Tainalpais.... IS
Ean Francisco datat LlazlnxBai temperature,
:; ; rr.irlmnia. CO; mean, It.
WEAIHEB CONDITIONa AKD QZSHSUO.
CZX*. MeriaUia— Paclilo Tims.)
Weather Report.
"Ralsl&s en spot are in good request, and
fair business vu reported In 4-crown locee at
14c premium, seedless Muscatel at lHfflVio ad
vance, and in Sultana raisin* at about
ever association cuotatlon*. New seeded raisins
a.-* go'.^g oat <julto freely. Arricota. peachsfl.
ppars, etc, are rather elow. Tbero is con
•.derafcle interest In nuts, particularly filberts,
:creirn almoaiii tr.l pecass.
"Demand for currant* Is fairly active from
the rerular trade, and the offering of some
\ err poor fruit at low pricee had a tendency
to make the market appear easier. Good
Amaila fruit, however. Is Quoted firm at 12**®
13c. Bales of old Amelias were reported Sat
urday at 12%»o and of new at 13c Cleaned cur
rants are coing out Quite freely at from 12\'-t
14c Prune* are not much wanted, though
Quite a good business Is understood to have
teen dene In new outside Santa Claras on the
basis of %o under the association for equal
quantities of 60-70s to f>ljCs, and on a basis
of a : _.c cut on large sizes.
Ma_'l advice* from New Tcrk eay: "Traoe
lz*t week Btowed a very decided Improvement.
The regular buylnr for fall and winter con
eumptlon started uj> in earnest, and while or
ders for the most part are for small lots, j-et
the volume of rood* taken footed up to very
rc*pectab!e proportions. Demand wa» Quite ac
tive for almost th« whole line of dried fruits,
currants, dates, ra!s!na and figs attracting
raoet attention. The etrong market on old
crop £&tea and the liberal buying of these
roods wu Botnethlns of a feature, the stronger
t'-e'.'.r.p being dee to the delay of the first
direct rnmer from Persia with, new crop
eooda. Sales of iates Saturday wer» of Quite
a good size, 4'0 boxes Hallowl being reported
cold at S"«c i"5 boxes Hallowl at 8%o and 200
tcxee Eair at 85ic
New York Dried Fruit Market.
Imports of etaple groceries at this port dur
ing the first nine months of the year were ta*
follow*, compared with the same tlma in 1S?9:
Of eugar, 136.:40,!00 DM, valued at $i,C30,770,
against I10.S40.T0O rbs at $10,4?7.49^ to -which
ehould foe edaed 165.0<«\000 Ttis received this
year from the Hawaiian Islands sinoe the
formal annexation In June: of coffee. 22.1SS.000
Tbs at J2.S3S.C0O. ega!r.st :;, 931.300 lbs at $2,892,
600: rice. 81.tS7.S00 lbs at JS4L100. against 43.
413.M0 lbs at SS81.000; t*a. 1X430.700 It>s at *L
<CS,600, ajalnrt S.15S.8S3 Its at JX.CS4.240.
Imports of Groceries.
Local bank clearings last week were f20,8S6,
*C1. araisst fXB.277,S06 for the eame week last
year.
Bank Clearings.
U B ref I» reg 104%
Do coupon 104^
U 8 8s reg ....103%
Do 3s coupon 110
Do new 4s reg.. .131
Do new 4s coup. 135
Do old 4s reg.. ~ 115%
Do. old 4s coup.. 115%,
Do bs reg 112%
Do Cs coupon 114
Dist of Col 8.65s.. .124%
Atchlson tren 4s.. ..100%
DoadJ 4s.....'..... $V-i' t
Canada. So 2d* 107
Ches & O 4%s S9Ti
Do 6s 120%.
Chi & N con 7s. ...13314
Chicago Term 4s... 92
Colorado So 4s £2
U it It Gists 103
Do 4s... 59
Erie gen 4s.. 70&
P.W4DC lsts... 74
Gen Electric £s....ll3
Iowa Central lsts. 112
L & N uni 4s...... 99
M K & T Mb.;.'.... 66%
Do 48... 92%
N T C l*t» —.lOS
N J C gen ES.......124
N Paciflo 8s 66%
Do 4s ;...1O3%
N Y C ft St L 4s,. 106%
N & W con 4s..... 97
Or Nav lsts 109
Do 4s. ........102%,
Or Short Line 6s..l?7H
Do con 6a ...114
Reading gen 4a.... n>?4
R G W lsts.. 98%
St L & I M oon Es.110'4
St L & S F gen 6s. 123
St Paul cons ....170»i
St P C & P lets.. .11854
Do 6s.. 119
S Pacific 4s......... £0%
8 Railway 6s...... .110
Stand RAT 6a... 69
Tex & Pac lsts..,. 114%
Do 2ds. ........... 70
U Paciflo 4s........ 105%
Wabash lsts .118
Do 2d» 108
West Shore 4*.. ....112%
Wiscon Cent lsts.. 865$
Va Centuries....... 91
CLOSING BONDS.
Shares . Closing
Bold. Stocks— Bid.
4,323 Atchlson 3ZU
5,610 Atchlson prefd 74%
B.430 Baltimore &. Ohio -~ 74ft
Canadian Paciflo _ 86Vi
Canada Southern .- 63
2.(79 Chesapeake & Ohio 80
¦ (40 Chicaco Great Western 11%
2,050 Chicago Burlington & Qulney 127ft
Chicago Indianapolis & Louis....... 22
100 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd. £4
: - ¦'¦ ' 1 Chicago & Eastern Illinois... 93<A
....... Chicago & Northwestern 162
150 Chicago Rock Island & Paciflo 10S 1 ;
C C C & Bt Louis 62V4
100 Colorado Southern t&
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 39
...*.... Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15M
....... Delaware & Hudson ......112
....... Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .178
Denver & Rio Grande 20
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 70
100 Erie .. 12
400 Erie 1st prefd 35H
Great Northern prefd 153*4
100 Hocking Coal 16%
Hocking Valley _... £t>&
tit Illinois Central ........118
100 Iowa Central „.,„..„..¦ IS
C90 Iowa Central prefd 41H
Lake Erie & Western 34*
....... Lake Erie & Western prefd 103
Lake Shore 206V4
ISO Louisville & Nashville- ~ 'S%
8,150 Manhattan L 87*,
1.425 Metropolitan Street Railway 1601*
M Mexican Central 12y s
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 69
£00 Minneapolis & Bt Louis prefd 87%
X7.S10 Mlsscjkl Paciflo S«ft
....... Mobile & Ohio 88
....... Missouri. "Kansas &. Texas — ... 10^4
8,199 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... $2^4
200 New Jersey Central 1S4H
600 New York Central 122^4
S00 Norfolk & Western ..._. ?"H
....... Norfolk & Wutern prefd __-. 76H
«,811 Northern Pacific CSV*
....... Northern Paciflo prefd 73
600 Ontario & WeBtern /. 22H
....... Oregon Railway & Navigation 43
....... Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd.. 76
E.49S Pennsylvania ~ 1Z6H
1.450 Reading - IS';
2,800 Reading lBt prefd 68%
400 Reading 2d prefd 21(4
—..... Hlo Grande Western E0
, 1 1 Rio Grande Western prefd 90
....... Bt Louis & San Francisco 11H
Bt Louis & Ban Francisco 1st pfd.. 66^4
100 St L & Ean Francisco 2d prefd...... 3C«i
4,74$ St Louis Southwestern 1414
66,541 St Louis Southwestern prefd 32H
2,460 St Paul ...-. U5H
St Paul prefd -...172
6t Paul Si Omaha ill
T.150 Southern Paciflo 16 T 4
1,400 Southern Railway .* 1274
1.325 Southern Railway prefd 66H
1.010 Texas & Paciflo 17^4
12,68} Union Pacific 61%
775 Union Paclno prefd 754
Wabash ....» ;,„. 7H
100 Wabash prefd 18%
600 Wheeling & Lake Eris 9%
£00 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 26%
200 Wisconsin Central .................. I2^i
2C0 Third Avenue .»....,. .110
Express companies—
Adams ............130
American 1S7&
United States 60
~ WeUs-Fareo 127
Miscellaneous—
120 American Cotton OU ................ 85%
....... American Cotton Oil prefd 91
American Malting BH
w..... American Malting prefd ,,. WJ1 23
S25 American Smelting & Refln. ._..... 41H
400 American Smelting & Refln .... 81%
American Spirits l}$
American Spirits prefd ,._.^...^_. 17
8,050 American Steel Hoop 23
1,100 American Steel Hoop prefd......... 74
2,660 American Steel & Wire S4fl
2,820 American Steel & Wire prefd 85
654 American Tin Plate 84«4
200 American Tin Plate preid 82
8,770 American Tobacco „ ._... 86»«
American Tobacco prefd lio
tJO Anaconda Mining Co 45%
M.JCO Brooklyn Rapid Transit 62V4
C20 Colorado Fuel & Iron ......_....„.. 39V4
210 Continental Tobacco 28%
Continental Tobacco prefd 81%
8,550 Federal Steel 83»4
100 Federal Steel prefd 63^4
150 General Electric ......143
Glucose Sugar z*M
....... Glucose Sugar prefd 99%
f 200 International Paper 2o£
2?4 International Paper prefd 67
L&clede Gas* 70
810 National Biscuit 86%
National Biscuit prefd 90
National Lead Vb%
National Lead prefd 96
• 1,100 National Steel _ 29%
National Steel prefd 87%
New York Air Brake 123
North American 15%
200 Paciflo Coeet £6
Pacific Coast 1st prefd £4
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66
820 Pacific Mall „ 42V4
€20 People's Gas ......_ 81
1,240 Pressed Steel Car 43
Preesed Steel Car prefd ............. to%
Pullman Palace Car .....120
Standard Rope & Twine 8
14.C00 Sugar .... v . 12J
Sutrar prefd U6
1.S35 Tennessee Coal & Iron .............. C7%
.1.116 United States Leather 11%
~ United States Leather prefd 71%
740 United States Rubber 82%
....... United States Rubber prefd.. 95
Western Union 80%
l,06« Republican Iron & Bteel. 13%
122 Republican Iron & Steel prefd...... C6%
.- P C C & St Louis... 60
£29.600 Shares sold~
NEW TORK BTOCK LIST.
Bonds as well' as stocks have risen in re
fponss to an awakened public Interest In the
Issues and have gained substantially In prices.
United States refunding 2s, when Issued, ad
vanced % and 8s (new and old), 4s and the
Ss (registered) H and do coupons % per cent
ever the quotations yesterday.
points In Europe and In London for import
and which now amount to nearly $11,000,000
has been the determining Influence In relieving
the apprehension over the money outlook. It
had been feared that such a withdrawal ol
rold would have dangerous consequences in
Europe, which is still cut off from Its former
source of Bupply In the Transvaal. That
European markets have been undisturbed by
this movement is partly due to the skill 'with
which the exchange operations have been
handled. American agents have scoured all
out of the way Eources for floating supplies of
gold in order not to encroach on the supplied
in the great central institutions abroad. The
week's receipts of gold in New York have kept
the money rate down, though the demand for
credits Incident to the speculation has not
been without effect. An Incident of the week
has been the continued advance of silver to
the highest level in four years and the ap
parent culmination of the rise and slight re
action.
Weekly bank clearings show the usual gain.
Silver off again. New York and Sterling Exchange lower.
Wheat and Barley dull and unchanged. Oilier cereals quiet.
Bran and Middlings slightly lower. Hay steady.
Beans rule firm, with several further clxanges.
Onions higher. Sweet Potatoes lower.
Butter declined again, under heavy stocks.
Eggs still bring the high prices. Cheese steady. , • .
Poultry and Game about as previously quoted.
New Oranges coming in from the northern counties.
Lemons and Limes plentiful and dull Quinces higher.
Dried Fruits and Raisins about as before.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Meat market stands the same.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money-
CaU loan* j a*
BTockS^" - 414 ®*
Atch T & Sta r»... 83H
Do prefd 74U
American Sugar... 12i&
Do prefd.. ne
Boston & Albany.. 245
Boston Elevated... 155
Boston & Maine.. .170
Chi B & Q .....127%
Dominion Coal 89ft
Do prefd 113
Federal Steel 88%
Do prefd 68*i
Fltchburg prefd..«l35
G«n 143U
Do prefd 140
Ed EJeo 111 &i
Mloh Telephone.... 8M4
N B Gas & Ooke.. 13
Old Colony jqi
Old Dominion 20Hi
Rubber 32
Union Padflo...... 61%
Union Land 1%
Wisconsin Cent.... U
¦ Bonds —
Atchlson 4s... W%
N E Gas & C S«... 62'
Mining Share*— ;
Adventure 4%
Alloucz Mln Co.... 2%
Amalg Copper 9Vm
Atlantlo 24ft
Boston & Mont 323
Butte & Boston.... 64
Calumet & Hecla..74a
Centennial 17
Franklin _,.. IS
Humboldt .~. ...... 25
Osccola 7U4
Parrot 45}£
Qulnoy ......150
Sta Fe Copper 6%
Tamarack .........258
Utah Mining 82%
Wlnona 8
Wolverine* ....*... 43
MiicrNO RWicira.
Chollar n
Crown Point M
Con Cal & Va 96
Deadwood EQ
Gould & Curry 66
Hale & Norcross... S3
Homestake ........63 00
Iron Silver......... 70
Mexican 80
Ontario I 00
Ophir 78
Plymouth 11
Quicksilver 1 26
Do prefd — ... f 00
Sierra Nevada..... 23
Standard I 60
Union Con M . IS
Yellow Jacket-.... 14
SUMMARY OP THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 87.— WHEAT- Dull and prices
nominal; .blue etem, CSc; club, 62o.
PORTLAND. Oct. n.-WHHAT — Walla
Walla, KHa; blue etem, 65<3C6o,
Cleared— Ship Conway for Queenstown, 10,03
bushels wheat.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or. Oct. ST.— Clearings, $381,
838: balances^ $43,851.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
CORN— Spot, easy; American mixed, new. 4s
8V4d. Futures, easy; November, 4s llftd; De
cemmbor, Ss ll&d; January, 3s 9V4d.
St. Louis fancy winter flour, steady. Is 8d.
HOPS— At London, Padflo Coast, steady,
£2 Bs®£8 6a. ;•
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 1 red Western
winter, Es lid; No. 1 Northern spring;. 6s 8V4d;
No. 1 California, steady, £s ' . 4d. Futures,
steady; December, 5s lid; February, 6s.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. n.— Wheat, easy; . Nol 1
standard California, 6a 8d@fe Bd; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet} French
country market, quiet; weather In England,
part cloudy. ¦ ¦ ,
COTTON — Uplands, B 9-32.3.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 27.— Consols, 88 15-16; silver,
29%d; French rentes, lOOf 25c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet but steady; English country mar
kets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
NEW TORK. Oct. 27.— The Imports of specie
this week were $3,394,893 gold and $35,977 silver.
The exports of gold and sliver from this port
to all countries aggregate Sl.109.820 silver bars
and coin and $12,500 gold.
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise
were valued at $11,117,651.
Imports at New York.
LONDON, Oct. 27. — There was no auction of
wool to-day and none will ba held Monday, due
to arrival of imperial volunteers and celebra
tion of their return. .
London Wool Market.
NEW YORK,. Oct. 87.— The cotton market
opened steady In tone at 7012 points higher
on a scare of shorts and an influx of substan
tial buying orders from the public. Following
the call the market advanced sharply and be
fore there was a lull In the demand January
had climbed to 9.08c, ' or 13 points above last
night's close. Closed steady, with prices net
14@>18 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Oct. 28.— Th« Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at' auction to
day were as follows: Pears— O. Morceau, half
boxes, average $150. Five cars gold to-day.
Dry, favorable weather.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. M.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold . California fruit at auction to
dav. and realized the following prices: Grapes
—Muscats, single crates, $2@2 90, average $2 05;
Tokays, single crates, 00cS$l 80, average $1 24;
Clusters, single crates, $1 48®2 20, average,
|3 IS. Wet, unfavorable weather. One car sold
to-day.
Builders* Contracts.
Bernard and Amllda Gaffney (owners) with
Alexander Fisher (contractor), architect O. A.
Fishery-Carpenter work, plumbing, painting
and plastering for a 8-story frame dwelling on
lot on S lin» of Brosnan street. 305 W of Va
lencia, W 80 by S 30; 81150.
Robert Turnbull (and as attorney) and Ma
rian Turabull (by attorney} to John E. Taylor
(sinjrle), lot on S Una of East Fourteenth
Jtreet. 43 W of Tevls. 3 100. B 84.43. N 100:3, W
25:05, to beginning, portion block 773, Levy and
Lan« Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
John B. Taylor Jr. to Robert Turnball. lot
on W lino of Tevis street, 100 8 of East Four
teenth, S 9L20. N to a point distant 100 S from
S line of East Fourteenth, thence B 8.87. to be
ginning, portion block 773. Levy and Lane
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
W. F. and Effle L. Kroll to Mary C. Hoff
schnelder. lot 43. block B. Everett Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
David and Jane Guild to Andrew J. Dellln
ger. lot on W line of Hellen street. 150 N of A.
N 25 by "W 133. Subdivision C. in lot 11. block
793. Watta Tract. Map X. Oakland; M0.
George Delaporte and Adele Brun to William
D. and Angle M. Wasson, lot on N line of
McKee street, 150 E of Calais. B SO by N 135
Ifct 21. block J. Paradise Park. Oakland: $10.
Elma C. Jfarnham to Ortn B. Frtsbla, lot on
8 line of Fifteenth street. 130 W of Brash. W
SO by S 82:8, Oakland; $10.
. William P. and Allc« F. Todd to Blanche T.
Heath, lot on B corner of Eaat Eleventh street
and First avenue, NE SO by SB 10O, aortion
block 37. Clinton, quitclaim deed; East Oak
land; $1.
B. C. Hawea (as administrator of estate of
Charles W. Dearborn. W. H. H. Gentry and J.
? e i3 1: lfT by Geor ST9 S. Evans, commissioner)
to Karl H, Nickel, lot on NW corner, of May
S°?« 2. nlta * venuo ». W 153.65. N 160, E 58.65.
«°. E 100, S 100 to beginning, being lots W
?2?, 11 %S. lock B - Terminal Tract. Piedmont.
Oakland Township: $3336.
Charles A. and Alice C. BalTey to Emma M.
Lauterbach. lot on W Ua» of Ninth street. 401 : 23
S of Allston way, 8 60 br TV 130, lot U. block
"V 1 ? 01 E. Berkeley L. and L. I. AssoclaUon,
Berkeley; f5.
Olive R. Levlnson to Putet Sound Lumber
Company, lot on E Una of Sherman street. 100.31
f. oXPaclflo avenue. S U, B 140.11. N 2i8S. W
*•• N , J:12. W 1M:13 to beginning. Alameda.
Quitclaim deed; $5.
Patrick J. and Mary E. .Keller to Thomas
, %?.' , lot oa 8W Une of RoM avenue, $20 SE
?i x? 3 . 1130111 aven ne. SE 30 by SW 100, being
£r a N^ , 80 feet of tot 8. on "^P o* Kellers
Rose Park Oakland; $10.
ii: A S T , F - T « m Pl» to Frank Carrier. lot» It and
15, block A. on Map of Broadway Terraca, Oak
land Township; $SCO.
BVederlck Haussler to Clar» B. Haawler. lot
on N Una of Lincoln avenue. 44 E of Spruce
?«"?> E 44 by N 140. lot 13. and portion of lot
15. block C. Clinton Mound Tract. East Oak
land; gift.
Albert M. »nd' Minnie A. Bmlth to Henry
» S?», Iot oa N lln9 °* Aloatraa avenue, 60 W
or Ellis street. W W by N 75:$, portion lot 6S on
,?, oi dl Street Homestead Asso
ciation. Berkeley; $10.
11 * C « M - NeaIe y to Frank M. Wilson, lots
13 and IS of block 10. Daley's Scenic* Park,
Berkeley; $10. .
.^mP. and Hansford B. Griffith t» James
I- Barter, lot 3. block C; Hlllegras» Tract.
Map 3. Berkeley: 8100.
John R. Glaacock to William Csolkowskt. lot
*0' block 8^ Man of North Alameda Tract.
Brooklyn Township; |10.
Charles H. and Agnt* A. Bresltn to Frank M.
Wilson^ lots 13 and 15. block 4. Daley's Scenic
Park. Berkeley; $10.
1 F™" 7 *. 8 - Stnl th to Julia M. Jennings (widow),
lot on E Una of Mage* avenue. 230 3 of Addi
son street. E 130 by S 60. block 4. Mageo Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Louisa Straub, Charlea F. and Asnes L.
Fischer, Louisa and Robert W. Pfaeffie, Annie
C. and J. H. Bruns. John E. and Annta
Fischer. Louis F. Fischer and Annie L.
Fischer to Frederick P. Fischer, lot on NK
comer of Railroad avenue and Paru street, E
54 by N 140, Alameda ; $10.
H. Bevenlng and J. E. Baker (trustees Mary
J. and D. J. Mackenzie) to Alameda Savings
Bank. 643 d. 229. lot on SW corner of Endnal
avenue and Union street, S 46:8 by W 131. block
7. Amended Map of Bartlett Tract. tnistee3
deed. Alameda: $306.
I Louisa Straub (widow), Charles F. and Agnes
L. Fischer (his wife Louisa) and Robert W.
Pfaef/le. Frederick P. and Annie L. Fischer
(his wife), John E. and Annie Fischer (his
wife) and Louis F. Fischer (single) to Annta
C. Bruns. lot on N line of Railroad avenue, 54
E of Paru street, E 54 by N 140, Alameda; $10.
nue. S SO by W 150. Enctnal Park Tract. Ala
me<:a; $10.
Louisa Straub to Frederick P. Fischer, lot on
W line of Yerdl street, US S of Railroad »ve-
;-G. F. Howard and as attorney and W. 8.
Macrae (by attorney) to R. J. McMullen (sin-
Sle). lot 19. on Revised Map of • J. Levl Sr.
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Jose G. and Fellscahana Poente to Francisco
G. Amaro, lots 23 and 24, Map of Peralla-ave
nue Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Eberhard Weisel to Elizabetha WelseL lot on
W line of Fulton street, 100 S of Russell. S 60
by W 125, block A, Suburban Tract, Berkeley;
Paul Jones to Daisy M. Wiley, lot on E cor
ner of East Ninth street and Fifth avenue. NE
50 by SE 140, portion of block 9, Clinton. East
Oakland; $10. ¦¦•¦ ¦ - - ¦
Nlra W. and William H. Stenger to Seth C.
WHhelm. lot on NW corner of Winter and Hop
kins streets. N 50 by W 125. portion of subdi
slon 6, Cameron Tract. East Oakland; $1500.
Alameda County.
WV H. and Anna H. Obear (by W. 8. Harlow
commissioner) to Fannie E. Stowell. lot on
NE line of East Twentieth street, 123.76 NW of
Sixteenth avenue. NE 122.75. SE 140. NW 95.30
SW 142.63 to beginning, portion of • fractional
block 57, San Antonio. East Oakland: $600.
corner of Wood and Taylor streets, N 121:5. E
75. S 15:5. W 25, S 106. W 50 to beginning, por
tion of block 701, as per Boardman's Map, Oak
land; |10.
Heinrich and Fanny L. von ' Kusserow to
William E. Lawford. lots 7 and 10, block 630,
Bay View Homestead: also lot 8, block 1S9.
lot 9, block 242. South San Franclaco Homestead
and Railroad Association; also lots 17 andis,
block 6. Junction Homestead Association; aUo
property outside of county; $10.
Mary C. Massey to M. A. Meier. lot 9, block
888, South San Francisco Homestead and Rail
road Association; grant.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Henry
and Margaret Ahlf. lot en NE line of Sixth
avenue, 160 BE of :<. street. SB SO by NE 100,
block 99, Centra] Park Homestead; $10.
Delia Q. Lynch to Roswell Lee, lot on N line
of Ellis street. 90 W of Scott. W 80 by N 75$
Ernst Echulz (by B. P. Ollvw. commis
sioner) to Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on S line of Clay street. 65 E o£ Brodertck.
E 27:6 by S 100: $4200. •
John D. Hammond (by "me commissioner)
'to same, lot on 8 line of Beaver street. 285 W
of Noe. W M by S 115; $1500.
Herbert and Mary A. Folger to Edward O.
Webb and HatUe E. Meek estate of
Otis Webb), lot on W line of Eansome street,
111:6 N of Bush. N 23 by W t7. quitclaim deed;
$1000.
Mary E. !>• to same (trustees same), same,
quitclaim deed: $1000.
John P. Jackson to Ann* H. Jackson. E 60
vara lot 1021 N by line parallel to Sutler and
127:6 N from Butter street. W by line oarallel
to W line of 60 vara lot 1021 Md 63:9 W there
from S on S by Sutter (N Sutler. 137:6 W
Taylor. W 68:9 by N 137:6); gift.
Rebecca Van Bergen (and aa executrix es
tate of Nicholas Van Bergen, John W. Van
Bergen, executor) to Harman O. Lackman, lot
on NW corner of Broadway and Leavenworth
at ...f tc 20 bv W 60; $3465.
Robert S? aid Florence Moore to Esther O.
Henderson lot on NW line of Howard street.
W 10 8W of Steuart. SW 0:10 by NW 137:6; 810.
J E and Deborah Connolly (Crowley) to Ade
line M. Hayes, re-record 1881 D. 24, lot on S
corner of Bryant and Ellery streets. SW i» by
C*TT* fiQ* SIO
Margaret and Wllley Thou and Josephine Ke
hoe (by F. W. Lawler, commissioner) to Conti
nental Building and Loan Association, lot on
NW line of Federal (Frederick) street. 375 SW
Of First, also 100 SW of Ellery (John or Ecker).
also 450 NE of Second. SW 37:6 by NW 80: $1470.
Estate Ellen K. Linehan (by Owen Llnehan,
administrator) to Johanna Sproete (wife of
Rudolph), lot on E "ne of Tenth avenue. 135
S of California street. S 25 by E 120; also Jot on
E line of Tenth avenue, 160 S of California
street. S 25 by E 120; $1350.
Solomon and Dora Get» to John O. North,
lot on N line of I street, 67:6 B of Seventeenth
avenue. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Joseph *E. and Mary E. Therlot to Susanna
Bocker, lot on W line of Ninth avenue. 150
MH street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
John L. Howard and M. W. Farrell to Pad
flo Coast Company (a corporation), lot on E
line of Madrid street. 60 S of France, S 60 by
E 100 block 40. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Clara Schnabel . (by Jackson Hatch, trustee)
to Henry F. , Blanchet Jr., lot on NE line of
Sixth avenue. 100 SE of K street, SE 100 by NE
100. lot 236, block 99. Central Park Homestead;
$10.
Johan F. Bernard to Henry E. Wlnkler, lot
on B line of East Park street, 17S W of Laurel
(now Andover), W 25 *>y S 100, lot 3. block 27.
Holly Park Tract; $10.
Ann McGowan to Patrick W. Riordan, lot on
NW corner of Mission and Harrington streets.
W 100 by N 100, lots 66 and 57, block 4. Acad
emy Tract; also lot on W line of Camlno Reai\
street (old San Jose road), 925 N of Jarnac.
W' 126:9, N 150. E 113:11. S 150, lot 4, block 1.
Belle Roche City; $10.
•p-^AT. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS*
SATURDAY. Oct. IT— 12 m.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 04 05
Aita 02 03rKentuck 03 04
Andes 07 08 Lady Wash — C3
Belcher 14 15 Mexican 85 86
Best & Belcher 27 2S Occidental ..... OS 10
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 84 85
Caledonia 38 33 Overman ..; 07 Oi
Chollar 17 19 Potosl 1* M
Challenge Con. 14 15 Savaga 21 22
Confidence — 60 Scorpion ....... — Co
Con Cal & Va..l 00 1 05 Seg Belcher...- 01 C2
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada.. 29 IS
Con New York. 01 - Silver H11L 30 83
Eureka Con — « St Louis — 12
Crown Point... 10 11 Standard S JO S 75
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate M —
Gould & Curry. 75 76 UnloaXon. n 23
Hale St Norcrs. 25 27 Utah .7S........ 09 1»
julla — 04 Yellow Jacket.. 17 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
400 Best & Belcher 27 200 Ophir ....—... (1
400 Con Cal & Va..l 05 300 Potosl 18
900 Crown Point... 11 600 Savago , a
200 Gould & Curry. 72 400 Sierra Nevada. 27
250 Gould & Curry. 74 300 Yellow Jacket.. 18
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In th» Padflo Stock
Exchange yesterday:
200 Best & Belcher 23 100 Optalr ....—.. 83
200 Bullion 03 1C0 Utah W
100 Gould ft Curry. 71 100 Yellow Jacket.. 16
600 Mexican 34
Mornins Session.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
Board—
200 El Dorado ~ -- * 45
25 Kern River ._ IS «
200 McKittrtck Consolidated «... 49
100 Monarch of Arizona - 41
100 Petroleum Center »
105 San Jooquin Oil & Development I £>
100 Twenty-eight • * 10
Street—
100 Independence „.»...... Z5
400 Crude Oil Co..... - »1
Morning Session.
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
60 Giant Powder Con ...» S3 50
EO Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 73
40 Makaweli Sugar Co ~... 41 23
25 Market Street Railway ~ 67 25
SO Pacific Coast Borax — — 15J CO
$5000 Sacramento Eleo Gas & Ry Ss. 1C1 00
60 8 F Gas & Electric Co. ..-. 60 75
SO Spring Valley Water ~~ 93 25
Street—
$10,000 Omnibus Cable Bonds —.....127 SO
Morning Session.
Board —
SO California Fruit Canners 101 00
California — 160 Vlgorlt - Sft 1%
Giant Con Co. 83% —
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 7H Kilauea SP Co 20H W*
Haw C & S Co — 87 Makawell S Co 41H —
Honokaa S Co 3OVs 81 Onomea S Co. 2SH —
tiutcu £> f Co. z»H — Paauhau S Co. 3054 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Ajssn.123 125% Pac A V A 1% —
Cal Fruit Asn.100%103 Pao C Bor Co. — —
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 12% —
Oceanio S Co. — 93
California ....124 — iO S L <fc H.... S3 45
Oeary-st 30 40 i'reoiJio 1»V4 '^
Market-st 67U 63 |
POWDER STOCKS.
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
INSURANCE STOCKS. •
Flrem's P*und.22o — /
BANK STOCKS.
anglo-Cal Ltd. e$% 70 First Nation!.. 254 300
Bank of Cal..406Vi410 Lon P & A.-.-WS 5 /! —
Cal S D & T.. — 1C5H Merchants' Ex IS IS
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L — 1300 Eav & L So... — tl
Hum S & L.. — — t Sec Sav Blc... — —
Mut Sav Bk... M — tUnlon T Co... — —
b * bnv O....615 — 1
Cent L & P Co 8% 6 Pac L Co 44 —
Eqult Q L Co. Z% 3% Sac Kl GARCo 34 4 >
Mutual £1 Co. — 11 S F O & E.... 50^ 50%
O O L & H.... 49H 49% San Francisco. 4% 5
Pao Gas Imp.. 52?i ll\ titkn G &. K Co — u
GAS AND ELECTRIC 8TOCK&
Bay Co P Co..l02H10«
Cal-st Cab 63..IISH —
C C Water 6a..lO7% —
Ed L & P 6s. 131 —
F & a Ry 6s.. — —
Geary-st R 5s. — —
H C & S 5Hs.. — —
Do 6a 100 —
L A R 6s 10GX10S
L A Lt Co 6s.. — Mi
Do gnta <s... — —
L A gntd Es.. — 101 H
L A P R R 5s. — 102%
Market-st 6s...l2S% —
Do 1st M C3.11SUU9
N C N G K 7s. — U4
N R of Cal 6B.113 —
Do 5s 116% —
N P C R R 63.102 —
Do 63 - 107^4
N Cal Ry Es.. llltf -
Oak G L & H.110 111
Oak Tran 6s...U6%117
Oak Water Ss.103%4 —
Oceanic S3 6s.l09%110
Om C Ry 6s.. 127 —
Pac G Imp 43.W3 —
P & Cl Ry 63..104V&104
P & O R R 6s. 113 —
Powell-st R «a,U7H —
Sao E G&R 5s.lOOIi —
S F & SJV fis.113 —
S R of Cal «s. — in
8 P of A 6S...112X —
S P OfC6s(lS05>
(Series A)....107% —
Do (Series B)10S?» -
S P C 63 (1906)109^110
Do (1912) 118 113%
S P R 1st k 6s.lO7 —
S P R 6s ISO —
S V Water «s.ll3 113?,
Do 4a 103 103*4
Do 3d mtg...lO2H —
Stktn Gas 69.IOO 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69^ 70H Spring Valley. 93 93%
Maria County. 51ft —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
4a quar coup.. .113^116 4s do cp (new)135 135H
4« do reg 115^118 Ss do coup.. ..110 111
TOOTED STATES BONDS.
(Geary-street lino) has declared a dividend "af
50 cents per share, payable on October 29.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATTJRDAT. Oqt. Tl— U m.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... '„: 4.J44 Bran, sks *.„„.. 8,070
Potatoes, ; sks .... tO33 - :
FOR SATURDAY, OCTOBER 27.
Flour, qr sks ;.;'. lt*90 Brandy, gala .„.. 8.200
Wheat. ctl» -... 1.270 Wine, eals ...... 74,100
Barley, ctl« .-.. J.300 Eggs, doa .....^.. 18.420
Oats, ctls 410 Hops, bales 23
Butter, ctls 273 Wool, bales 199
Cheese, ctls 14 Hay, tons 64S
Tallow, ctls ...». 261 Quicksilver, flska. 95
Beans, sks ...... T.8CR Raisins, boxea ... 9,730
Corn, ctls 423 1 Sugar, bbls ...... 120
Potatoes, sks .... 10,618 Chicory, bbls .... 8
Onions, - sks 675 Leather, rolls .?.. 14a
Bran, sks .. 2M Hides, no 416
Middlings, ska .. S5 Pelts, bdls ;.. 498
Pu gar. sks 1.000 Lt me. bbls ...«^. 183
Shorts. sk» 13
Receipts of Produce.
RICE— China mixed,' $4 I5®4 30; No. 1, $4 7»9
4 85; extra, $5<3>5 50; Japanese, $4 95@5 B0; Louis
iana, %<&T; Hawaiian, $1 75 per ctL
SALMON— Round lots are quoted as follows:
Alaska red $1 20; medium do, $1 10; pink, 95c;
Columbia River, Chinook, $1 70 for tails 'and
$1 85 for flats; barreled Salmon, $10 for Alaska
barrels and $5 60 for half-barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.«5c: Powdered. 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated, «.25q; Dry Granulated, f.l6cj Oonfeo
tioners* A, 6.15c; Magnolia A, 6.75c; Extra C,
6. 85c; Golden C. . 5.66c; barrels, 10c more; half-
Carrels, 25c more; boxes, 60o more; 60-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnoa. half-bar
rels. 6.90c; boxes, 7.1£c per lb.
COAL— Wellington", - $9 p«r ton; Southfield
Wellington. $9; Seattle, 17: Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay. SS 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wall
send, V: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $12 25 -In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
ncl, $12 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,"
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton, according to
brand.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, $3. 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, IH®6^o; Wool
Bags. 28%®32%o; Fleece Twine, 7tfc; Fruit
Bags. 6%@€%o for whlt» and 8U@S%o for
bleached jute.
General Merchandise.
LAMB-4(SSHo per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6Ho for small, 5Ho for
medium and 5',ic for large: stock Bogs and
feeders, Co; dressed • Hogs. 7Vi®8Ho. -
Previous prices rule for all description*.
BEEF— «@6tfo for Steers and 6Q6fto per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7©«c: small. «H©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©7tto; ewes, 6tf©7o per
pound.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4©4%o per lb; No.
I. 3@3tfc; grease. 2@2tfc
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 1501Go; Northern, defective 12©
14o; Middle County free, 14®18c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
617c; Nevada. 13918c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, 6\i@So; do Lambs". 8
©9c; Middle County, 9@llo {>«r lb. .
HOPS-UV4614HO per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND 8KINS— Culls and brands sell
sbout lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, i%a; medium. SHo; light, 8 We; Cow
hides, S%c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Baited
Veal, 9o; Salted Calf, lOo; Dry Hides, 16c; culls,
13@l4c; Dry Kip. 15@16c; Dry Calf, 16c ;. culls
and brands, 13@14c: Sheepskins, Shear
lings, 15®25c each; snort Wool, 30#40c each'
medium, 60@70o; long Wool. 75c®$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2®2 25 for large, $1 75 for medium
$1 for small and 60o for colts; Horse Hides)
dry. II 60 for large, SI 25 for medium, $1 for
email and 25®50o for colts. Deerskins— Summer
or red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 80c;
winter or -thin skins, 17^4@20c Goatskins
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium, 35c.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lltto per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13%o for light,
14o for extra light' and 15Hc for sugar cured;
Kastern - sugar-cured hams. 12c; Mess Beef.
$12 50 per bbl; extra Mess, $13 50; Family, $14;
extra Prime Pork, {16; extra clear, $13 50; Mess,
|17; Smoked Beef. 18c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6?4c per lb for com
pound and 9V4c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
8%c; 10-lb tins. lOVic; 6-lb tins. 10%c.
COTTOLKNB — One-half barrel, &%c: three
half barrels, t^c: one .tierce, Sftc; two tierces,
SVic; five tierces, 8Ho per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Trade runs along smoothly at the old quota
tions.
Provisions.
The situation remains unchanged. Raisins
and* Honey are firm and In good demand. Nuts
are steady, but not very active. Fruits of all
kinds are dull and Prunes. Pears, Peaches and
Apples are weak.
J-KUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes, 3c;
40-50s. 7c; 50-60C 6*ic; 6O-70s, 8%c; 70-80s, 3%c;
80-908, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2%c; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bies, Mo premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joa
qulns He less than Santa Claras, except ¦ 100s
and over, which stand t..e same. Apricots, 8©
So for Royals and lOtfllVio for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 4&4Vso; sun-dried, 2V£tj4c;
Peaches, 4%S5c for standard, 6<g6c for choice
and 7@<%c for fancy; Peara, *97c; Plums,
pitted, 5@6%c; unpltted, l@lftc; Nectarines, 6®
6Ho for red and 6V4®6o for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, lO^c per lb; choice, »V4c; standard, 8%c;
prime, Sc; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6%c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6o;
8-crown, 6%c: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, t
crown, $1 60 per box; 8-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, |2 60; .Imperial. J3. All
prices f . o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7®8c per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 eoftshell, lie; No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell, 10c;
No. 2. 7>£c; Almonds, 15@16c for paper-shell,
11Q12HC for softshell; Peanuts, 6*?6c for East
ern; Brazil Nats, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans, 11
©13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 13%@14%c for bright and 12%
©13o for light amber; water white, extracted,
7%@8e; light amber, extracted, 7®7V4c; dark, 6
G0V4c Der lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26o Ber lb.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $3 60@4;
Seedlings. $2 6003; Lemons, 40c®$l 25 for com
mon and S110Q2 60 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $45? 4 50; Bananas. $1 £0®2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples. ?1 50@3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
MELONS — Nutmegs, 2o@50c per case; Canta
loupes, 75c@$l 25 per crate; "Watermelons, nom
inal. .
PLUMS— 20@40o per box.
GRAPES- Muscats. Tokays, Verdells, black
and other ordinary varieties, 2S@60o per small
box and 40(gi>oc per crate; Isabellas, in crates,
75c@$l; Cornlchons, In crates, 60@66c; Wine
Grapes, $18@22 for White, J2O@24 for Mission
and $20®27 per ton for Zlnfandel.
f DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— 2u@50c ' per box for common and
60@90c for good to choice; Spltzenbercs, 60c©tt.
PEARS— Winter Nellls. 60c@U; Cooking
Pears. 2S(p<i5c per box.
QUINCES— 5O@75c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 35@65c per box.
CRANBERKIES-Cape Cod, $S EO0S 75 per
barrel; Coos Bay. J2&2 23 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— «3@4 50 per cheat for large
and $7@9 for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per pound. ,
RASPBERRIES— $4 6Og 6 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— 30<§75c. according to size
of box.
Quinces are In lighter supply and higher.
Other tree fruits remain about the same.
Melons are rather firm than otherwise. Grapes
are quiet and easy.
Scattering small lots -' of new Oranges are
coming In from the northern districts and are
selling at the quotations below. Lemons con
tinue to glut the market. Limes ara quiet and
unchanged. -"'".-; V
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter closed the week at a further decline.
Stocks of fresh continue large and the demand
is slow. Cheese remains as before. .
Eggs are reported dragging somewhat at the
high . prices, though prices do not show any
weakness. ' «
- BUTTER— •
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23V£®2*c; Sec
onds. 22%©23o. „_..
Dairy— Fancy. 22%o; good to choice. 21®22e;
common, 20c
Creamery tub— 20®22%o per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c
Plrkln-18@19c. ,- -J
.- Storage goods— 22%@24o.
CHEKSE— New. lltfc; old. 9®llo; Young
America. llV4@12%c; Eastern, 13Vi@14c; West
ern, • 10Sil2c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20® 30c for store and 87%©
43c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18-g26c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
I 60; Jack Snipe, $1; Hare. Sl@l 25; Rabbits,
II 25@1 60 for cottontail and »1 for brush; Doves.
60c per dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, UCTOiSEK 28, 1900.
California Fruit Sales.
Associated Banks' Statement.
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce,
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Ther* .was , nothing * new. on the; Bond Ex
change except - : a ; decline In California* Fruit
Canneries at 1101. The oil stocks exhibited no
new features. - . , ' -. '•¦-.- : :
: The San : Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany will pay a dividend of S3 cents per chare
on November lrr
- ¦ The Oceanic ' Steamship U Company ¦ 'will pay
a dividend of 60 cents per share on the 1st of
November.".' V .
The Park and Ocean Railroad Company
39
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
W. H. AVERT, General Agent
Round-trio tickets at reduced rate*. For
frteght and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
Via Honolulu
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE 'WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m,,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. November 13. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. December S. 1900
S3. AMERICA MARU
Satnrday. December 29, 1900
TOYO RISEN KAISflA.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.. Oct. 80
COLUMBIA sails Nor. 4
Short Lin* to Walla Walls, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Tbrouxa tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
<30 Market st.
OOODALL. PEBKTNB & CO..
Saoerlntendenta.
From Soear-street Wharf at 13 A. IL
CAOC $12 First Class. Including Borth
IM nC $8 Second Class. and Meals.
DISPATCH FAST 8TSAMZ3ta TO
!FO RTL A.3ST ID
THE 0. R, & N. CO.
Pacitio Coast Steamship Co.
\ . Steamers leave Broadway
»^ wharf. San Francisco:
i^te.fr For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
VS?iS35^_ Oct " tS ' - Nfov - *• Chans- to
|£>#r^32!3£». company's steamers at Sean!-.
F& fcraui^ ' F ' or V1 ct°rta. Vancouver (D.
C4$V<OiVi C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
££sSe<!»vr\l Tacoma. Ev»r»tt. Anaenrtes
r^^aXtiggi&t and New Whatcom (-Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Oct. M^ Nov. 2. and
_ every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay — 1 p. m.. Oct. 30.
Nov. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port Los
Anreles and Redondo (Los Angeles>— 11 a. m..
Oct. 28. Nov. X. and every fourth day there-
after.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. 8an Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harforl (San Luis Oblspo). Gavtota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, Ban Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— A
a. m.. Oct. 28. 80. Nov. 8. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Enssnada. Magdalen* Bay. Saa Jose del
Cabo, Maxatlan, AltaU, La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Msilco)— 1J a, m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company' »
fcldera.
Th« company reserves th* rtgHt to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sallta*
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 Naw Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
OOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. OeB. Agents.
10 Market st-, San Francisco.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at >:4S
ft. m.. 8:15. 8:30 p. m. («»x. Thurs. night); Frl-»
days, 1 p>. m. and 8:30: Sunday*. 10:30 a. m., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARB .....50a
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
foru.s.nwmaS
COHPAOTira 6EHVRAV? TBAKSATLAHTIQCB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, from November t, 1S99. at V< ~ J *«3S
10 a. m., from Pier 42, North Rtver. foot of
Morton street. LA TOURAINE. Nov. 1;
L'AQUITAINE. Nov. 8. First class to Harve.
*55 and upward. Second class to Havre. $42 SO
and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 82 Broadway
(Hudson building). New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
0<TEA?TTO 8. S. CO.— HOXOX.TTT.XT. APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S3. ALAMEDA for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. October n, 9 p. m.
S3. AUSTRALIA for Tahati
Thursday. November 1,4p.m.
SS ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
...Wednesday. November 10. 2 p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
¦•*;; ';-N«w York and Antwerp.
-Trom New Tork Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Friesland Nov. 7JKensington Nor. »
Southwark Nov. 14 Noordland Dee. 5
Westernland ...Nov. V\ Friesland Dec. U
For frelerht and passage apply to
INTERN ATION AL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of Us agents.,
RED STAR LINE.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Nov. 7 St. Paul Nov. 28
Bt. Louis Nov. 14 St. Louis Dec 5
New Tork.. Nov. ?i'New Tork Dec U
AMERICAN LINE.
H1W T0BS. 80nTHAM?70N. L05D0M. PARIS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.petaluma. Oct. 27.-At last the thea
?WJT 8 ° f Petalui "a are about to see
made for the erection . of an up-to-date
Playhouse. , The movement Is In the hands
of a stock company of business men ThAv
a sloping floor and opera chairs and a
PLAYHOUSE FOR PJSTALITMA
Stock Company to Remodel Washing
ton Hall.
'¦Prior to this trip.- in ; November of 1S99,
Mrs. Lund-says she was startled one day
to find that her husband had locked him
self.In his room. Her efforts to secure a
response from him were unavailing, and
after waiting from 6. to ll-'p.. m. -she says
phe' became frightened and sent- for the
family physician. - He -responded, and
broke In the -door, whereupon Lund who
had purposely remained quiet, abused the
physician, It Is alleged, for. his interfer
ence. -This action on the part of her hus
band resulted In- her . being stricken with
hysteria, Mrs. Lund avers, and the phy
sician she had called: to investigate Lund's
By way of Introduction to her complaint
Mrs. Lund says. she married her husband
in New Orleans, La.,, on September 30, 1896.
Subsequently they came to this city and
took up their residence at 1512 California
street. In 1897, she continues, they took a
trip to Mexico, and while at Guaymas in
the month of April' of the year named her
husband , opened ; - his campaign of abuse.
Mrs. Lund says t her husbana struck her
in. the face and brutally: abused her. This
dampened: the ; pleatore of«tfte trip and
they , returned" to this city. The following
June, she. alleges, Lund threw a cup of
hot coffee at her and her ngllity alone
saved her from being scalded. In Decem
ber of. 1899 he proposed a trip to Boston.'
They started, but after being out a few
hours on the ' road Mrs. " Lund says her
husband locked .herein a drawing room
andlthere she .was forced to remain until
she 1 reached her destination..
William Lund, retired .merchant and
capitalist; is the '• defendant in a sensa
tional divorce suit instituted yesterday by
his wife; Margaret Lund. Cruelty is the
charge upon" which Mrs. Lund bases her
petition for a- decree, and she cites dates
and Instances in support of her general
In October of 1899, Mrs. Lund says, her
husband assaulted her on Market street
near_the Crocker building. She fled to
the Palace Hotel, she says, and there her
husband caught her and dragged her
around the corridors, severely Injuring
her. During the same month Mrs. Lunl
alleges her husband threw a kettle of
bolirns water at her. The murderoSs
missile struck her. she says, and scalded
her hands and wrists. Again In the same
wiTi,^- Lund charges her husband
with having beat her. and then by way
S&W PI°P° S <*» a trip to 6eD»
? i on l e ot , e J- As BOOn a3 he got- her to
up. She made up her mind, she continue
Here end the citations of specific In
Pn r^ r durln 5 the remainder of he? daft
In a f manner in keeping with: her sUUon
condition was forced to remain and treat
her.. •--¦ ¦¦
Gapitaiist's Wife Sues J for Divorce on the
Ground of Extreme Cruelty.
WILLIAM LUND IS CHARGED
WITH MANY BRUTAL ACTS
PORT OF. SPAIN, Trinidad, Oct. 27.--
It is rumored- that the Venezuelan .Gov
ernment is considering j the advisability of
leaslns: to Germany a port , on , the island
of Margarita ; for ninety-nine year« ' as a
coaling station. . : • - r
To Lease an , Island.
Pensions Granted.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. ; 27.— Postofflce es
tablished: California— Flowing Well, San
Diego County, George vW.McCaulley,
Postmaster. .Postmasters commissioned:
Oregon— Elmer P. Ash. Cascade - Locks;
Mary W. Zee. "Warm Spring. .
_ Pensions issued: California— Increase-
John Moore,. Veterans' Home, i Napa, $12;
Henry Marsh, Soldiers'- Home, Los An
geles, $8; John "Manion., Veterans' Home,
Napa, $10; 'James O. 'Burton,* Tulare, $S:
Jerry Thomas, Lob Angeles. $8. Original
w'dowa, ¦ etc.. ispeclal act October lJ-Ma-'
tilda Reed Bowman, $8. Survivor Indian
war "— Alexander H. r Jones. , Long Beach.
JS. -War with Spain— Original— Richard
Hughes, San Francisco, $30; James Neary,
San Francisco, JS. -
Washington — Additional — Thomas J.
King, Colville. $8. :
Postofflce Appointments and List of
INTERESTS TEE. COAST.
From telegraphic news from Mansfield.
Ohio, it is learned that the will of John
Sherman. was taken to the Probate Court
there yesterday by Congressman W. 8.
Kerr of that city and Attorney M. M.
Parker of Washington, D. C. • It -Is -a > vo
luminous document and .written" entirely
in the hand of the maker: It la calculated
that the estate is worth $3,000,000.
The original will was made at Washing
ton December 22. 1SS0, and a codicil was
drawn January 22, 1900. After making va
rious bequests to, distant . relatives and
public institutions the residue of the es
tate, estimated "to be ¦ worth $2,400,000, Is
willed share and -share alike to Mary
Stewart Sherman. (McCallum), daughter;
Henry S. Sherman, son of Brother
Charles; Hoyt Sherman.- son -of. Brother
James; Hllemon Tecumseh '.Sherman,' son
of W. T.; Charles H. Sherman, son of
Brother Lampson. Sherman,. and. Charles
M. Sherman, son of Brother Hoyt. The
executors are M. M. Parker -of , Washing
ton and W. S. Kerr of Mansfield. ...
Charles H. Sherman has, been employed
as an assayer in the San Francisco Allnt
for nearly twenty-five years. He has lived
with his , family at 1448 Caroline street,
Alameda, for about five', years. He ¦ has
three children — Tecumseh P. Sherman, C
Hoyt Sherman and Miss Jennie Sherman.
Charles H. Sherman was a nephew of
the dead soldier and, statesman, and the
news that he will come in for such a
large share of his uncle's immense estate
reached him through the press- dispatches.
No. official notice of his good fortune has
been sent him. v
Charles H. Sherman, .who for' many
years has worked in the ; San'; Francisco
Mint and who now resides modestly : on
his modest salary in Alameda, will re
ceive $400,000 from the estate of ex-Secre
tary of State John Sherman, who died a
few days ago.
Mr - Sherman's eldest son, Tecumseh, was
until recently attached to one of the Gov
ernment transports. He is now employed
In the Mint. '.,¦».. .
"I have received no further Information
regarding my uncle's will than what has
appeared in the press dispatches," said
Charles H. Sherman ;¦ this evening. "His
estate is a valuable one and the figures
published are,- 1 think, very nearly cor
rect." . -
BIG LEGACY FOR NEPHEW
OF SENATOR JOHN SHERM AN
Lucky Man Lives in Alameda and Is an
Assayer in the Local Mint.
WILL GIVE A BENEFIT
FOB SICK ACTOB FOLK
Theatrical Managers' Association
Will Give Another Monster Enter
tainment at the Orpheum.
The Associated Theatrical Managers of
San Francisco, whose aim is to afford Im
mediate relief to distressed, rick or dying
professionals without waiting for action
by tie Actors' F*und In York, will
hold the second annual benefit in aid of
their charity fund at the Orpheum Thurs
<Sav afternoon, November 22.
The prompt action taken by th© associa
tion when the California boya returned
from Manila, when the family of the hero
fireman Sweeney called for help and when
fiufferir.gr Galveston asked for aid la fresh
In the minds of every one. Now the man
agers ask eomethlng- to help the player
folk, and they promise more than an ade-
QURte return for every ticket purchased.
Every theater in the city will be repre
sented et the benefit and as many strong
attractions will be here at the time one
of the best programmes ever staged In
America is confidently promised.
WJLJb'JzJrS BUTT DRIVES
VANDOB TO AN ASYLUM
Is Recovering From Injury When
Summons Is Served — Decree -
Granted and Suits Filed.
Pauline Vandor, mother and guardian
of Joseph Vandor, now an Inmate of the
Stockton Insane Asylum, filed answer yes
terday to the complaint for divorce filed
recently by A^nee Vandor, wife of her
unfortunate son. Her son's present condi
tion. Pauline Vandor says, is largely due
to the action of his wife In Instituting
puit for divorce, in which she prays- for a
decree on the ground of cruelty.
In 18S7 Pauline Vandor says her son was
Injured In a street car accident, and his
Injuries unbalanced his mind. In Novem
ber of 1S99, she continues, she took him
to her home in Fresno, and he was
progressing favorably until summons in
his wife's action for divorce- was served
upon him. He then became a raving ma
niac, she says, and she was forced to send
him to the asylum. She denies the other
Mrs. Vandor' s allegations of cruelty, and
asks that' Judgment be entered In favor of
her son.
Josephine Peterson has been granted a
divorce from Daniel S. Peterson on the
ground of willful neglect.
Suits for divorce were filed vesterday by
Ullian Nordberg against Edward Nord
berg:, for cruelty, and Anna Meinhold
against Frederick Meinhold, same ground.
Small Boy's Skull Fractured.
Francis Groskatc, aped seven years,
and whose mother resides at 104 "Welch
street, received Injuries yesterday which
may prove fatal. The child was gather-
Ing wood in the new building which Is be
ing erected by the union carpenters on
Brannan etreet, between Fourth and
Fifth, when a stanchion which was being
hoisted slipped out of the sling and EtrucJs
him on top of the head.
The boy was transferred to the Receiv
ing Hospital by Police Officer John Mc-
Cormlck. where Dr. Bunnell and Dr. Dray
trepanned the Injured portion of the Ekull.
The physicians have rrave doubts of tho
boy'B recovery, as it is possible that the
base of the skull is also fractured.
on a tour of Inspection and will preach to
night In the Starr King A. M. E. Zlon
Church, 805 Stockton street. The dlBtln
ffulshed visitor is beloved by the members
of his race by reason of the greaX efforts
he has put forth to uplift his fellow-men.
Bishop Clinton Is 42 years of age and is
a native of South Carolina. He was edu
cated In the public schools and afterward
attended the State University, from which
be graduated with high honors. He then
entered Livingstone College at Salisbury.
N. C, where he studied theology. He has
been in tho minietry twenty-two years.
He founded the A. M. E. Zlon Quarterly
Review in 1&S9 and edited It for hr^ e
years. He was then olected editor of the
Star Zion, the leading denominational
Journal, and devoied four years to his
important work. In May. 18%, he was
elected Bishop and blr.ee then he has been
prominently before the public.
The reverend gentleman left South
Carolina in the middle of September last
and has traveled through the States of
Tennessee, Mississippi and Arkansas.
During the past week he has been Jour
neying through this State.
In discussing the recent legislation af
fecting negro citizenship Btehop Clinton
expressed the opinion that the legislation
was unjust and unnecessary, especially In
North Carolina. "
"It is my opinion." he said, "that there
has been a steady effort on the part of
the Democratic party of the South to nul
lify the constitutional amendments which
gave to the negro citizenship and equal
suffrage rights. These efforts began first
bv the introduction of the seven ballot
box system, as In South Carolina, and that
the recent constitutional amendments are
the culmination of this effort to rob the
negro of his citizenship and suffrage
rights there can be no question. It is my
opinion that the negro, especially the In
telligent and progressive men of the race,
would have no objection to these meas
ures if they applied with equal force to
white men of the same qualification.
"It cannot fall to have a bad effect to
discriminate againet the negro — flrst be
cause It bases citizenship upon coloi
rather than on qualification of character;
secondly, because it works an injustice
upon people who have honored their right
to citizenship In every contest in whicn
the nation's honor has been at stake,
whether on the field of battle or in obey
ing the laws of the State and nation.
"Despite these things, the negro Is still
making progress along all substantial
lines, especially in the way of acquiring
an education and accumulating property.
As an example, our own church, the A.
M. E. Zion, operates seven educational in
stitutions, one of which owns fifty acres
of land as a campus and buildlnsrs valued
at $125,000. It is situated at Salisbury,
N. C."
Distinguished Prelate on a
Visit to His People on
This Coast. .
>
He Bays the Democratic Party Is Try
ing to Prevent the Negro From
Enjoying Equal Suffrage
Eights.
»
George "W. Clinton, Bishop of the A- M. B.
Zlon Church, reached this city yesterday
BISHOP CLINTON
DISCUSSES THE
NEGRO QUESTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1900.
horseshoe gallery. The stage will be en
larged and new scenery put in. Wh«n the
improvements are completed It is expect
ed the theater will be the best In Sonoma
County.
40
Dark Gray Rough Cheviot, All-wool Jacket and Skirt, beautifully trimme-l
with stitched straps of satin, high-class tailoring 'throughout. The
jacket has new bell sleeves and is lined with good satin. Skirt lined
throughout with mercerized sateen. Excellent value for $22 «;o Our
price; 915.00. ' .
All-wool GRAY Camel's Hair Tailored Suits, in gray, Oxford and black
silk revers. made in the very latest fashion. Our price $15.00. Full
: value for $20.00.
EX I^^P U J A ¥, 1 T AL V^ OOL FANCY CHEVIOT TAILORED
SUITS, double-breasted three-auarter fitting jacket, new bell sleeves
hned with *ood quality tatm. skirt lined throughout with good per-
caline. Our pnee is 91O.OO. Real value, $15.00.
¦Write for new catalogue of watches, Jewelry,
•nverwar*. Invaluable to out-of-town purchas-
er*. Haaunerwnlth & Field, 88 Kearny st. •
1230-1232-1234 Market St.
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE
SACRIFICED.
Sterling Values.
No matter HOW LOW our prices, THE HIGH
STANDARD of the fit and finish of our Garment is NEVER
EXTRAORDINARY INDUCEMENTS
THIS WEEK.
Fashionable, Fine Tailored Suits,
• Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
** TSE CREDIT SO USE" j
Six Bt»riu H(j4
I Oak, Roman Chair in an |
I odd design. Wide, curv- j
I cd scat. In the parlor or I
I as a hall settle, would be j
[ an aquisition for comfort j
I and variety. Well made j
$2.00 j
In the Drapery |
i Department bedroom comfort Is well [
i provided for. Not a better selection ;
• anywhere. Every grade of Comfort- ;
! ers, fresh, new ones; the best quality {
I In every grade. Fleecy blankets of ;
¦ every weight, direct from the mills.
I Rich, new designs In bed-spreads.
! A larce line of fine sheetings.
j • Art Squares
! have art In design, color and make, &
¦ the art of giving the finishing touch to
I s polished or painted floor. Made of
I wool, alike on both sides, fringed
I edges, many colors and patterns
• \ 6 x 9 feet J3.50, were $5.00
i 7#xo feet $i.$o, were $6.00
I oxo feet (5.00, were $7.50
! f rte DcISvery, OtkUnl, Aiisel*. Barlnltf
j M. FRIEDM5K & CO.
J (Incorporated)
! 233-235-237 Post St. Open Evenings ;
I $10, $12.50, $15, $2JT|
I To the careful buyer
whose taste will not be
satisfied with any Hat j
which is not perfect in
design and workmanship,
and at the same time mod- I
erate in price, our Hats
will prove an artistic j
treat. The more par- !
ticu!ar anJ exacting you
are, the greater will be i
our' delight in pleasing
you.
LTKe
eon
1 **4% Market >/*"tj!
v"_ — - 's/
Hale'S Y\&\AI Store! women's oatep
j^^^</^^^^^>^ A VV • :- m~ X * '¦' - \ '¦ c* ; "V-\--' end chances for real economy.
|f|P|P»JfK opening to-morrow of the new • . ' ra i 1 srsfi,?^,s.™-
/fl23*EG?j£*r r>s .- KaBgfeg^ IB I i ¦ I 1 ir 11 c l ak and suit department 13
W&& china, s. assware, amo - ar denartments =%°=£ ; 3s
WV^I^^P^ VflllllUl WIUwVIImI VI IMI1H|J W3 1 UUIJUI III! Wli*V tion oi tailor-made suits, jackets.
S^ Ml^^ZrK^ W^ ''\^i "¦.'¦.. ' * ' , 1,'i: ' . automobiles, three-quarter coats*
/^ J^^^^^S^^ ' ** x wusan^ s< l uare f eet on the third floor of this ne^v store filled to overflowing with separate skirts, petticoats and silk
rC 'wPf^^^^ the n'ew.ihe useful and the beautiful— easily accessible by three SfiiurKiv P /n??nfLnV e whrhoid
' > *&zii A^^Jf^^^^^lk la r g e > smooth-running and absolutely safe clez'ators. thrifty regard for their purses can
the wares were bought In quantities that compel lowest prices. of chances like these:
•••¦¦¦•¦ ' . ' -. extra heavy h a n d s o m -
we specially emphasize the occasion by inauguratinp: a sale that we are determined shall be most remarkable. taffeta silk under- silk waists ma le
V^ffipslJSTO^ijg the values are so exceptionally tempting that they arc certain to arouse the interest of every opportunity-seeking skirts— in black, of a good aualitv
tklrly^ proprietor of a hotel, restaurant or lodging-house and every frugal housewife within reach of this store, every heliotrope, red, taffeta silk in
Tbl^vvTI^® ltcm ' n e '' st f°N° ws * s worthy the attention of careful buyers— but it merely suggests the possibilities. blue and old rose black, old rose.
BBh^su?%2VtA ¦ - _ '^*XTii i '- "-'-'^ '¦ « ' — finished with lavender htrTi*
lri£®$Z from the white from the art room, from the decorated M 8 inch aoun«, and re d' cord"i
JPSB crockery' section. \-^\ t^ al^ m^°,^ M^ ware section. f^S»&S3 fe'lK*
/^$ti^J>Mm%£s^ : lllll l .illlllIJl!!lI!ii!IIlll!ll,li. gold, its mirrors and electric lichts— ] 'jMliinn^^-^^^LMllfi'M | , [ inc< !, ,. wlt J . a ?2.03
[§^M^Mm^, .1 U 1 , lijPW^^IIi is filled with fine china, rich cut glass. \^P^^^^s^M\u h « vll >' I'^dust
K^^^&T^^ff ' |i^\j^ /Vl' bric-a-brac, decorative wares and \Q&<' VH I III, ruf ? C ' °, ' * C e> mJde Sit,
V^^W , I II W J^^^C^l I, marbles. the prices will surprise ZW y^ V%,\ \\[ each - onIv «-" wool cov/rt ° t t
\W f V-^\ I those accustomed to the extravagant /(£- f^K \.$«.oO J©o coyrt cloth
I | Lf \ ll| figures usually asked for this class of lW^5^V'\v r^y ?> }{\ rlii ,' SU ' eH - tallo . r " blue mix^-?"- 1
(A$M -i^^^^^'^Nt^^^ sofd^u"arly C at $6 S 5O ea e /h-o|r n iW - =r=^~-r- . -~*~r-« *>***- Uan cloth ueht- fe
\Vffik .P rice " .....1?4.9., part of the S3.87 dinner set breasted silk- and velveteen
if ($$Wh cup and saucer 8c. plate 3c. each— opening price $3«S7 percaline lined. fau^Iessly tail-
iil\s-'i$J$kk seven and eight inch white plates— nine-piece toilet sets— bowl, pitcher. tailor ,* titch i (l ?n C every"
¦I'll f /W'2^1 worth 6c and 7c each — opening price . \\ %\\f \JV covered chamber, small pitcher, cov- seams through- f . i.««w
/wi^xi^BL '¦ •••••••••'•••• 3c hVikY I . ered soapdish, mug and toothbrush out. black, castor reasonably ex
/ i!l'!iS"ft^^^^ nine and ten inch white plates— . lhilU III holder— all large- size pieces— various and ° Iue ' 'etch- . * c r"
nljlf vZ3"i^"\' worth oc «and ioc each— opening ' II !IU /// pattern?, all handsomely. decorated— ingly stylish and money onlv
'• I !/ price «* e // lv|l\ /// three different colors — sold bv usual a splendid value. ' " « 14* 7^5
I'iH ) x -$ i *'^te^"^vl eleven inch white platters — worth // AK/^M stores at $2.50 and $3.00 — our open- on H' !?1S.O() v
,\fi/\ 15c each— opening price..... ...10c. yO^'visXv\ ing price, to distribute them as wide- ultra-swell au- jaunty winter
W^F'k sixteen inch white platters— worth / £!fc ) ly as possible, only $1.49 tomobiles. in the jackets — mad-i
miiW^-^^^^^ 39C each— opening price --*c /nrrYVV> 0&BcCuh one hundred piece dinner sets— P r °Der fabrics O f hieh erade
• km WM^^ZM* white bowls— 6# inches across top (mmW^lKvWo four different patterns— all prettily and most correct materials and
MlllPrtiSk^ -worth ioc each-opening price. * c VTOXuSKt/ decorated in colors with gold trac- c ° lor -'" made bv faultlessly tail-
. rW^Y^^^^^fejv coverrd chambers— lar« size- ' N^ VSA/^^^/ ings— worth $12.95 each— openine cI . everest *'*' ored. some ar-
\\WW V^SS^^^^I worth soc each— openine price.. .J.*c £0.05 1S " known to elecantlv plain —
1 !»fv six-piece toilet sets-bowl, pitcher. f /flSS boWe5 g5c# the fashion sorne are rich j y
1 > -_\. y >^i_ covered chamber, mug and soap slan , .', , . , Glassware section world, some are trimmed — all
1 r>>C C^^^S -worth $1.75 each-opening price.. cut-glass oil and vinegar bottle-:- k'«ftovvai e section. trimmed with !« whollv new
k I P'^^»- ...........„:?..: ........87e sold regularly at $i.J5O each-openm* four-piece glass table sets-a new velvet — others and srikindv
Xtii^li^^p^^^ covered slop pails with bail handles price 80c and pretty design-worth 40c each- th braid appH . J n ° striRiriKljr
-large size-worth $I.W each- f rom t he lamp Section. Vlas" berry " dishes^S^' ' inches ? ue - P n . ces ra °g e prices start at
statue and pedestal all compete. acfco§^r|^^o^ gg
$35.20. first . qua i ity _ newest shapes— sold globe-jseveral different designs— price ....Oc SC p ara t e dress Sn, to 8°2 50
• • regularly at $1.60 a dozen— opening regular $1.25 each— opening price... glass- berry sets— seven pieces— g^rts of black ro " 9 "
price, for cup and sauceri .: Sc O7c worth 59c each— opening price. .44 c c h ev iot. made in taffeta silk
finest and purest French confec- , • — ; the seven gore dress skirts —
tionery 35c a pound— three pounds the housefurnishing department . mail OPdePS OUP SDC" try' our manicuring department; flare style, perca- handsomely ar>-
for i?1.00 —basement— big in assort- /»S«H-*r ' it will please you— line lined and pliqued with silk
ment, little in price. . ,ClUluy» and us. velveteen bound. ' braid. onlv..^ v
knit goods. there is positive economy in buying your stat . oner
first floor-fourth aisie. art needlework here* S.t1oo^n"fr y *
ladies' fine ice wool squares, with • . - 8econd rioor-take elevator. our stationery departmcat is thick
fancy borders and scalloped edges. new m constantly arriving and as fast as they come thcv are pri ced on a common ' .ense basis and f ™ h "S™* 1 chanC " iust now '
size 24x24 inches, in black, white. hurried to the counters, we persistently shun fancy prices, maybe that's one reason for the wonderful popula - g.Jr^iL. , nr :,.* v nnt( . m ,r n ,
pi s t; X,s in^rtn ;;^' -hT» itrof this dc "" tment - wc g «-*» ot some spl " did offcrines in Di " ows and pillow top! - J5Z££S£?gM2j'$££
m .r k :Jl% full size floss pillows &?&%i&??SS*l£ SSS
<?-^VflN. on sale to-morrow at these little prices, if they meet with as enthusiastic reception as the lot advertised a now - c
J& r fnl£k 8hort timc sincc t^y' 11 K° Quickly, they are as light and soft and buoyant as down. invitation no'tepapVr and "envelopes
6 ( W^»^'V% • 16 in. 18 in. 20 in. 22 in. 24 m. 20 m - —society note size— 24 sheets of pa-
,fSgM$£m * ~**° 2O ° 25C 35C 45C 55C i P " a a blx— no n w Cl ° PC5 ~ rCgUlar PI Oe
Wfiffi* grass linen pillow tops with backs— wild rose tinted pillow tops with backs— sunflower design Hurlbut's rom'an parchment* wed-
k. +-W - design— each, only ...............200 —each only • »»« d i ng stationery— cream finish— 24
pillow tops — rose, pansy, violet and holly .de- tinted pillow tops — daisy, clover ana pansy ae- sheets of paper and 24 envelopes in
/fe^ftfiwESKlStv 31 .! signs— one of the prettiest things in the collec- signs— don't need to be filled in to give proper ei- handsome box— regular price 25c
/"^¥!^^^W^'W\ tion— each, only 50c. feet— each, only ;^_ •» <)c each— now ISc
size 36x36 inches, in black and -tam'bourTcarfV^and^tha^s- **°°*. ,° ?e?lilble W>> L
white-each «?1.25 A^^^^^^J 55^" an d a choice lot of centerpieces \M§<U^W^&' .& X^ t 1 m e keepers—^^^^^^
Eize 40x40 inches, in black, white. unfinished pillow, like this, with back, and doylies choice of any piece /* fc - j^_^^*- 3 *^ regular price. 05c "~ T * Bfe = ""*»'
pink, blue and red— each... ..92.OO vf.^ 50c each. in the lot ..25c unfinished pillow.like this.with back, 60c each— our price only ...o«c
tion, we offer three thousand yards of new and jfiSw/ J%25S* dom in the recrular way. one "item from hundreds
strictly up-to-date veilings, in several different MwSSm m iilrtwiii ifdmt^mtfip^^^^^ equally attractive —
styles and many colors at. a price that will cause - gS*?MMjtlli»» > ""— . no " ? n , c .. el . pIate£l tea y fMt% wIth „,, or f t ,
a stir— per yard Oc , Market Street, Near Sixth, Opposite Golden Gate Ave. regular price »i.s each and wen 'worth it. our price?... °7»o
AjyTEBLTTSEXOEXm.