"Before taking . further testimony^, plain
tiff's counsel, insisted that/ the jury
should be taken to view the' hotel prem
ises in order to fix the location of the va
rious buildings In relation to each otner.
Defendant's counsel demurred, on th«
ground that it was a useless expenditure
of time. .The court ruled that if the plain
tiff insisted he would issue the order, and
such order was Issued.
r It was agreed that Sheriff Taylor
should point out the following places t&
the Jurors: The hotel." the clubhouse, tht
tower, the barroom, billiard room, hinch
room and card rooms of clubhouse, the
roof of the bowling alley, the front, side
and back entrances cf the hotel, the grot
to in the grounds, the stables, the-Junc
tion of B«ll and Watt , avenues, and P»
checo's corner. A recess until 1:30 o'clock
was taken. ' >
The jurors were taken in a large *bu»
by Sheriff 'Taylor to the hotel grounds,
members of counsel for each side fojlow
ing: In other conTeyances. - The places
agreed upon were visited, the jurors and
their^ official guide* passing from one to
another' of " the scenes of the escapade?
which have formed the subject matter ol
the testimony, of the witnesses for the de
fense. : The* barroom, billiard room, lunch
and. card rooms were inspected In turn
and - their relative location noted. On a
back porch, by the side of a.. door leading
into- one. ..of -the. .card -or. .wine
¦ rooms. '-.\_Iay -a- pile-.; of champapae
Heap of Bottles on Back Porcn
v :of- Clulilibuse Are Mute
"-Witnesses..
JURORS VISIT
HOTEL GROUNDS
Baron" Jptin Henry denied that he eve
had his arm around a woman on the ho
tel grounds or had any of his lady, friend?
on his lap. He denied that he had beer,
on the hillside, but admitted that Baron
Alexander had Jumped out of the window
and then "looked in with his face and
made muehrmerrlment." With that merry
thought the essential features of his tea
tlmony-closed and, the- attorneys for The
Call found nothing worthy in their opin
ion for - cross-examination.
emphatically that any one had ever seen
him .drunk in. San Rafael or In the com
pany of drunken women. He explained
the episode of smashing wine glasses a
hls brother had done, but adorned by an
alogy to another, entertaining custom in
dulged'by-Scotchmen. In which a vic
torious hunter signalizes^ his triumph by
diinking with-hls feet on the table. This,
of course, presupposes the condition tha «
the hunter Is not yet under the table.
*hat they knew absolutely nothing about
he affair, but Attorney. Magulre for Von
made the startling announce
(ttcnt that he had employed armed men to
ict as a" bodyguard." i
Judge Angellotti Immediately ordered
the Sheriff to disarm [all men whom tie
might suspect. He called seven of the
Baron's ruffians from the^ courtroom and
forced them to give up their pistols. -Tht:
command, was obeyed, but for the* rest of
.he day the gang of gunsters hung about
ihe courtroom.
Baron von Schroeder then ; began the
presentation of the few remaining facts
it his remarkable, plea by. placing- his
brother. Baron Alexander von Schroeder;
on the witness stand.' This ybuhg man, a.
very fiercely mustachedr nervous person,
who is not on particularly. intimate terms
of acquaintance with English, scowled,
twisted, turned, snapped ¦* and admitted
practically what had been, sworn to
against him. He denied that either he
or the Baron, his brother, or any of their
women friends had ever been drunk. He
admitted that in the clubhouse parties, in
which the brother Barons and women had
taken part, wine- glasses had been
Smashed.
But he explained that the smashing of
glasses is a peculiar custom of German
gentlemen when they , wish to pay_ partic
ularly a compliment to a'lady; no one can
drink- again from the same ' glass. It is
.perhaps fortunate for the Hotel Rafael
that this interesting -ceremony , of gai
antry. Imported by the Baron, does not
also include the furniture.'
Baron .Alexander also admitted that on
one \ occasion -he had crawled out of the
window to the roof of the clubhouse,
but he did so only, for 'a Joke to frighten
the- ladles; ¦ his - stomach "was behaving
well. He could not remember that he
and his women friends -had drunk cham
pagne out of beer glasses, but! he most
Indignantly declined to believe that be had
done so. He acknowledged that a woman
had once been .completely- overcome at
the clubhouse,' but from Illness, not Intoxi
cation. Dr.lHowitt of San Rafael had
been called then to attend her. but ; he
,'was not called yesterday to be asked
about It. .' ' . t-: •-."£"'
Fiercely Baron 'Alexander, admitted that
the * lights • had been turned low on the
-porch 'of the ; clubhouse.-, but ,not -- to per
mit -men to '. caress women, ; but because
Baron Alexander and Baron John ; Henry
"did/not: lite' bright 'lights in theirj eyes.
Baron "Alexander admitted -. that the ride
, with r^ the. "bride, to; Pastorl'sj: had taken
place, » but ' he » assured : the; court _ that ' the
ladyTwas not ' drunk. 1 '".-. With that his testi
mony closed : : and \ tbe attorneys • for^.The
Call: found nothing in It worthy of-'cross
examinatlon. .
ij Baron John Henry - von Schroeder • was
the last -witness for., himself. .He. 'spoke
English 5 a ; "German ' Idiom >and
briitled with "dignity. ¦ • He denied , ~: moat
B ARON VON . SCHROEDER TELLS OF THE. SMASHING GERMAN CUS
TOM WHICH HE INTRODUCED AS A COMPLIMENT TO HIS WINE
DRINKJNG WOMEN FRIENDS % OF THE HOTEL RAFAEL.
At the beginning of the mornlns ses
sion of the court Judge AngeHorti stated
that be desired to nrodify hl3 prevtou*
ruling regarding the admission of certain
testimony by the defendant. Mr. Sprock
ets" evidence concerning a previous oc
currence, the publication of which hai
b*«n suppressed. wa» not admitted under
the previous ruling, bat the court was of
the opinion that testimony as to any In
structions defendant »iad given concerning
, that prcposed r>ui>i.ics.ticn wonld be per
missible as showing the absence of malice.
This Instruction, but rtc thin jr In referenca
to the subject matter of the publication
which, bad been proposed was, tha Judg«
decided, admissible.
Mr.. Preston said that defendant wn.3
not in court at that moment, but wotil.2
; arrive later in the- day, and It was stipu
i lated that he should then be permitted to
take ' the stand.
Mr. Preston explained that the "passe*"
referred to by witnesses of t3» previctu
day were not free passes, but were rail
road transportation furnished on account
and paid for by The Call. He desirei
either that the fact be adaittsd or that
he be allowed to prove; It.
Magulre said he had no objection *o de
fendant belnsr allowed to prove thetfacr.
W. Sv Leake. manager of The Call, waj
called to the stand and he testified that
the transportation was furnished on ac
count for advertising. He said:
""We have advertising contracts with ail
the railroad and steamship companies'.
We can make requlsltlonr at any time ani
receive transportation, it being charged
against us in each ca3e. The Call has re
c 'ved no free passes from any railroad
since I have been on *J»e paper."
Needed Tar and Feathers.
William H. Jewell w*j recalled and M*
guire asked him if he had ever expressed
any 111 will toward plaintirf. Witness ad
mitted that he had vid said glataJiff
owed him a bill. He was asked if ije hai
said to F. G. Wright that the. Baron cad
refused to pay him some things' connect
ed x.tih the paper chase and that aa
would get even with Trim. j
"I did not say it "in those words,
bat I admit having- called frira tha
name mentioned. He owes me a bill
for which. I have judgment, and It is
pending on appeal now in thl3 court. '
I would like to explain why he re
fused to pay me."
Plaintiff's counsel would not let him ex
plain.'- but on* cross-examination Prestoa
asked witness to state what he had said.
"I said 'that I thcroghlf it was tha
duty of every man raising 1 a family
In this town to come out and testify
against these '• '.
"If San Rafael was not a sinkhole of
creation they would be tarred and feath
•rt<i and ridden out of town on a ran."
Maguire offered a photograph in evi
dence to show the relation of the club
house to the hotel proper. It was adzni>
ted without objection."
Ernest A.~Langford was called as tha
first witness for plaintiff in rebuttal. H<?
testified aa to the Identity of the build
ings shown ia the photograph.
Witness is enzine«r at the Hotel Ra
faeU He made measurements the previous
day and he testified that the distance
from the main entrance of the hotel to
'he nearest entrance of the. clubhouse is
tlOH feet. From the wall of the hotel
to the nearest point cf the clubhouse :3
130H feet- The billiard- room is 27 by +3
feet in slae. The barroom Is 30*4 feet lons-
Tne ' lunchroom Is 13*4 feet wide aad a
feet Uiog. The cardroom adjoining the
lunchroom in the rear is II by 12 feet. Tha
roof of the bowling- alley Is somewhat
lower than the bottom of the window of
the cardroom. the roof sloping 1 toward
the clubhouse- and Joining its walL Tii3 .
latter testimony was brought o«t - by
counsel to be used in connection witli ar-
Witness Who minks Von
Scnroeder and Cronies De
serve Tar and Feathers.
and beer bottles. elc<va«>t *?* their
suggestion of the revelries in those
rooms described by witnesses during the
previous days cf the trfaL
The Baron stood within the vest'.bul*
of his hostelry and watched the Inspect
ing party through the glass panels of the
doors. His body guard of two beetle
browed ex-pugilists sat la rocking-chairs
on the front porch. One other person was
In sight and one only. He was a San
Francisco liquor dealer, who was therw
ready to go on the stand In the afternoon
and swear that the lady who took part la
the poker game with the Baron, th«
"young Baron' himself and two other
men was not intoxicated.
»
HAS OPIiNION
OF THE BARON
BARON J. H. VOK SCHROEDEP
has, closed his case for Hbe!
against The Call. . He has sub
mitted his last word of teetlmonj
and Introduced no Important, evi
dence except his own j and that
of his brother. Baron Alexander von
Schroeder. Sot a ' single witness was
placed upon the stand to speak a word
in behalf of the Hotel Rafael during the
reign of the Von Schroedera. No guest of
the hotel, no citizen of the town was
called upon' to "swear that tbe hotel' wa>
of fair repute while the. Von Schroeder>
reveled, and caroused and debauched.
An effort was nxatlfe to impeach the tes
timony and character of only cne of the
many witnesses placed upon the stand b>
The Call and the endeavor failed. To tht
surprise of listeners _ the Barons adnilttec'
under oath that the facts of the Incidents
related against them were true, but that
they were not ImmcraU, To give climax
to a day of sensational "interest severa'
armed private detectives, paid ruffians.
who were ready to be assassins, and wht
ss a bodyguard to Baron von.Schroedei
had assembled and were on guard In th«
courtroom, were ordered. out by.theSherilt
and disarmed. And then both sides-closed
the case. Jhe attorneys; for The-'Call d*
dared their readln»s^ to submit the case
without argement, but the plaintiff, woulc
not consent and to-uay the closing argu
ments will be made and tbe case given
to the Jury.
The first surprise of the session yester
day was the effort of Von Schroeder's at
torneys to prove that William H. Jewel*,
who testified to the shocking character ot
the drunken ride' and debauch- of \"Jn
Schroeder_andj_fels JrIen^^to_a_j-o_adJ^ouse. ,
had 'a deep prejudice
and had applied to him a ! vile epithet.' The
result of that effort was Jewell's asser
tion that he'applled r a.viie epithet to Von
Echroeder, and j had declared . th4t ¦ ever>
man in San Rafael who has a. family and
tares for it should tell all he knew'of.thv
Immoralities of the -Baron In order, thai
he might be driven from the community
If San Rafael were not the last sink hoi*
in creation, the witness declared, such be
ings as Baron von ' Schroeder " would bf
tarred and feathered and ridden on a rail
out of tbwn. • This was ¦ the testimon}
which opened Baron von Schroeder's plea
for damages to his reputation.
Then he attempted to show that Jewell"?
reputation for Integrity and honesty U
not cood. Two witnesses, M. Murray and
J. J. Murray, father aid son. took the
stand and declared that they would' not
believe Jewell under oath. It was shown
then that they ar« stablemen and liver'j
keepers who have been patronized by Van
Schroeder for years. and are now enjoying
his bounty. Two other witnesses, both # ol
standing, swore that Jewell's . reputation
is of the best and that they have known
nim for years. ... ......
The. plaintiff took another tack. He
made absolutely no effort to impeach the
character of any other .witness who had
testified against him. who had. pictured
him as a moral pariah, a drunken reveler,
utterly unscrupulous in his relations with
women, whose reputations he staked
against his sensuality. ' The character of
these men Baron von Schroeder ¦ did not
attack. He Introduced two witnesses, two
men who were members. of 'a. night, carer
party in which there was. a solitary mar
ried woman, to swear that this woman,
who had imbibed several intoxicating
drinks, was not drunk. /, "
The engineer of the Hotel Rafael gave
the distance between the/clubho*ise ana
the main hotel and showed that Jt is'
small. The jury was taken to Inspect* the '
grounds, and 'with the- exception of "his
own testimony and' that of his brother
Baron von ''Schrbejitr, had closed his case.
While the -jury -was making its Jnspec
-ion excitement reigned in the courtroom
and in the Courthouse. During* the prog
'ress of this trial Baron von Schroeder hai
hp.n in his employ, a - band • of armei ' men
recruited irom . various places and mar
shaled by a notorious -ruffian. These men
have prowled around :the grounds, of. the
Hotel Rafael at night.", navel skulked on
the streets of the town when the trial Was
not in progress and when court was in
session : have distributed themselves In
various positions, of advantage In the
court." _ . .,
. They were secured by Baron 'von
Schroeder and his attorney^ to. soften the
fears' of the Baron, that .the men relatives
of women whose names" were mingled
.with his would lake summary 'vengeance
upon him.- The Baron feared that if th*
names of .women -who . had ; shared '. his . de- :
baucherteVtwere given. tn court he would
be killed by men- whose ; homes he had
polluted. 'The .'.Call, however, announced
that it would' permit the name of no wo
man to be used fn the presentation of the
proof that Baron von Schroeder. ia .. a
menace to moral - life, ¦ a corrupter^ and
tempter of ' women." , This determination
of The Call made Baron von ; Schroeder's
fears groundless. .'
¦£ But he . employed y his armed_rtiraans'."-
; Judge": : Angellottl -Vrecelved * information
that : armed ;- men^.were In the courtroom.'
He called the .attorneys for : both sides be^
fore ¦ him and ," demanded I an • explanation}
The} attorney » for '. The \Call 'assured him*
¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - " ' ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '"""'¦¦ - : ¦- . '
OMAHA. Neb.. Dec. ».- . yiward j
Cudairy Jr.. who was kid- j
raped Tuesday evening and j
h^id thirty-six hours' for a ran- !
sorn of CS,000 In gold, which the '
youcg man's father unhealtat- :
rr-pry paI-2.' i:a?~fc«pn returned to his fain- j
By. At 9 o'clock "Wedneeday a horseman \
rode pas* the Cu<5a.fay mansion, on Thirty- '
eighth stre-et. and threw a letter into the
biwn. A servant ncticed the action, and
peeing the letter, found it contained the
information that the vxjucg nan had been
kidraped and was safe, and was being j
held for a ranscin. Three hours later Mr.
Cudahy received, through the mails, a
s<»cond ccmiauiJcaiion detailing the con
dition under which the lad would be sur
rendered to hin;?elL The condition named
¦»as that Mr. Cudahy should deposit $25,000
in gold coin. !n a place Indicated, about
f.ve miles COfth of the city, en a lonely \
road leading up the bank of the Missouri j
River.
Mr. Cudahy, shortly after supper, en- 1
tfTf^i a light road buggy, and, after se- j
cur;n^ the money, started out entirely j
•lone for the place of meeting of the kid- j
rapers. . To identify himself he had at-!
tachetJ to the dashboard of his buggy a.]
red lantern, which was one of the condi- i
tiona of the letter. Mr. Cudahy drove
north on the Fherrnan avenue road to- a
point about five mile* from the city,
where he found, near the road a white j
!2r,t<=rn 9u«r^r.d«Mi from a short stake !
ir'.ven in th<? ground. This signal he had \
tp*n tratchinp for as the place to leave j
th<? money. The lantern was near the river |
tsr.k. but whr-n Mr. Cudahy arrived no- '
bo«*y was in pigist. He at once alightpd. :
placed the bag of gold conveniently near!
the stak*. and. without waiting for de
vetopir-onts. secured the horse's r»ins and
returned to the city without hearing a
sound.
Yocng Cudahy Beturns.
That the bandits w«?re ntr the spot and
at or.ee secured the valuable package
cannot be flcmbted. for about 1 o'clock this
morning the voung man ran breathlessly
tp to the front door of his father's home
and rang the bell for admission. Two
policemen, who. in the early e-.-eriir.g, had
r*-*n placed rear the family mansion, had
later been sent to the etables by Mr.
Cudafcy. who feared that, should tbe nen
rrfam the boy and see the policemen,
they would drive away without leaving
him. The boy carae in so suddenly the po
iice knew nothing of it until a rcetab^r
cf the fasily went to the stables and in
formed them that the young man had re
turned and that their services could be
d'Eps-nsed witn.
Story of the KHnnped Boy.
Tour-g Cuiahy told the following story:
P> >aid that he was In front of General
Cowln's house, just across the street from
his own home, on his way back from the
Rnstin residence. Tuesday evening, when
two men approached him. One of then
cteppfc 1 up fo him and said: "We are
S^rifTs from Sarpy County and arrest
you as Eddie McGee. who escaped from
the reform schooL"
The lad protested that he was not-the
mythical Eddie McGee. but his captors
sai<5 that he would have to be Identified.
Th»y plac«?d him In a bugjry anddrove to
Thirty-sixth street and thence south to
L«av en worth street. A» they approached
Leavenworth street a motor car passed
them. The lad recognized the conductor
End *aid to his captors: "There Is a, man
who knows me; he ran Identify me.** But
ti:e captors Immediately blindfolded him
and whipped up the horse. The lad thinks
that they crossed Leavenworth street and
then drove In a southwesterly, direction.
Presently they cams to a house, which.
in the opinion cf the lad. is in the south
western part of South Omaha.
Young Cudahy was- taken from the
bvggy and placed in a room and chained
to the Coor. He remained there all night
and the next His, hands- were tied
and the chains on his feet -prevented him
from getting a good view of his surround
ings even after tfce blindfold had been re
inov<?d. He knows, however, that he waa
in an empty room and that the blinds on
the windows were closed.
On the trip to the place of imprisonment
the men, he said, talked a little about
themselves. He gathered from them that
there were *ix in the gang. One of these
men came from Mexico recently and from
Denver very lately and was an expert in
the kidnaping business. After the mys
terious house was reached one man
gusrded him during a greater portion of
the day.
At night, for some unknown reason, the
men released young Cudahy from his
chain and said. "We are going to take
you home-" Then they led him to a
hack. He was driven rapidly through the
darkness to Thirty-seventh and Leaven
worth greets, where he was allowed to
leave the carriage. From there he walked
home, arriving there shortly after l
o'clock In the morning. The bandits made
no explanation to him why they gave him
his freedom. . . .
Guard Grows Garrulous.
Speaking of his experience while in the
power of the kidnapers young Cudany
"I could tell by the way the men's foot
steps resounded throughout the hou=e
that It was vacant and stripped of furni- j
ture. I observed also that they struck n<>
li^ht. I mould have been conscious of a
sense of light had they made one. for the
bandage could not have excluded all It3
rays. The men still moved about In abso
lute silence, exchanging no word. One of
them found an old rickety chair some
where arid pushed me down on It. Then
he removed the cords from around my
wrists and substituted for them a pair «>f
handcuffs with chains attached, and made
the latter fast to the rung* of the chair.
A pair of leg-Irons were clapped upon
my ankles, and the chains of these were
also locked about the leg-s of the chair.
"In this uncomfortable position I spent
most of the twenty- four hours of my in
carceration, though at one time, for a pe
riod of about five hours, I should Judge,
the chains from my wrists were removed
and I was permitted to He down on the
Coor. One of my captors provided .an
overcoat, which served as a pillow. •- 1
. tried to sleep, but my nerves were too
badly shattered to permit It.
• "During all of this time I partook of no
nourishment but once, although the man
I who was with me often asked me If I
wanted anything. Once I said I did, and
he went and got me a cup of coffee and
I some . crackers.
"The man who kept watch over roe was
drinking heavily all the time. At first
he did not talk at all. but after we had
been alone together for six or^ seven
hours he. began .to get garrulous. He
talked about all sons of things and his
talk rambled throuehout, whether from
j driok or design I could not say. Flnally
he became, bolder. Two or three times he
j touched upon tfce subiect of my abdac
tion and I gathered from his remarks that
i there were six men in the gang of which
he was a. member. He said one thius
which was very much to the point and
which startled me.
The boy to-night Is apparently none the
worse for bis experience.
Late to-night Mr. Cudahy announced he
would pay $3,000 reward for the appre
hension of the abductors of his son.' $5000
for one and $15,000 for two of them.
OMAHA, Dec. 20. — FolIOTrlnR Is a copy of the nerond letter «ent
by the kidnapers to Mr. Cndahyt
"OMAHA. \eb- Dee. 1O. Mr. Cadahyt
-We- Imvr kidnaped roar child and demand «S.OOO (twentr-
Cre thoonud dollar** for bin «afe return. If yon arive the money
the child Trill he returned a* «afe nn when yon la«t navr him. but If
yon rrfam> we will pnt acid In lil« eren and blind him. then we will
Immediately kidnap another millionaire'* child that we ha-re •pot
ted and demand «1OO.O«k>. and we will set It. for be will «ee the con
dition of your child nnd reallne the fact that we mean business
and w-tll not be monkered vilih or captured.
-Get the money all In «cold. live, ten and twenty dollar pte«re»t
put ft in a white wheat nark, Ret in your bnarary alone on the
nl*ht of December l!>irh at 7 o'clock p. m. anil drive «iouth from
your hon»e to Center -treet. then we*t on Center and drive back
to Rn*ei-'« Park and follow the paved road toward. Fremont.
"When yon come to a lantern thnt I« Heated by the aide of the
road place the money by the lantern and Immediately turn yonr
horse aroncd and retnm home.
~1 on will know onr lantern, for It will have two ribbon*,
black and ™hite. tied on the handle. Von maM place a red lantern
on j-onr bnicKT where it can be plainly seen so we will know you
a mil*' away.
~Xbia letter and every part of It mu»t be returned with the
money and any attempt at capture will be the Maddest thine yon
liir* ever done.
•¦If von remember some twenty year* aero Charlie Rosa -was kid
naped in >ew York < 'ity and $20,000 ransom asked. Old man Ross
was willing- to jrive np the money, but Burns, the ffrcat detective,
,, it |> otherm. peranaded the old man not to ttive np the money, as
• rir-c him that the thieves wonld be captured.
'¦Rosa died of a broken heart, sorry that he allowed the detec
tlves«to dictate to him. ¦-•» '
'¦This letter mnat not be seen by any one bat yon. If the po
jice or «ome «iriceir knew Its contents they mlgrht attempt to
capture us. although atalmt yonr wish, or some one mljrht u*e a
lantern and represent ns. thns the wrong- party securing the
money, and this wonld be as fatal to yon as If yon refused to njlve
op the money. So yon see the ilanjcr if yon let this letter be seen.
•Mr. Cndahy. yon are np acalmt it and there is only one way
OB t. GIVE IP THE COI.V. Money we want and money we will get.
If yoa don*t «rtve np. the next man will, for be will see that we
mean business and yon can lead yonr boy aronnd blind for the rest
of i*our life and all yon will have is the ¦ copper ¦ ym
po ,h,. Do the richt thins: by ns and we will do the same by yon.
If you 'refuse yon will »oon see the saddest «!zht yon ever seen.
Wednesday. December 19th. This nleht or never.
"Follow these Instructions and no harm will befall yon or
j-oiw."
LETTER CONTAINING THREAT
TO BLIND THE KIDNAPED BOY
His Guard of Armed Ruffians/ Prowling in Court, Disarmed by
\ Order of Judge AngelloUi— Offer of Attorneys for The Call
to Submit the Issue Without Argument Is Declined.
WASHINGTON, Dec 2O.-The
text of the Hay-Pituncefote treaty
as amended follow a; •
Tfce United Statw of America and her
Majesty the Qmsea of the United Klnir
dom of Grwt Britain and Ireland «nd
Emprm of India. being- desirous to fa
cilitate construction cf a ship canal to
connect the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
and to that end to remove any objection
which may arise out of the convention
of April IS. 1SSO. commonly called the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty, to the construc
tion of such a canal under. th« auspices
of the Government of the United State*
without impairing the general prtnclpl
of neutralization in article 8 of that con
vention, for that purpose appointed as
thslr 'plenipotentiaries: The President
of the Cnlted States. John Hay. Secre
tary of. State of the United States .if
America: and her Majssty the Queen of
Great Britain aad Ireland and Empress
of India, the Right Hon. Lord Paunce
fote. G. C. B., CT. C. M. G.. her Maj
esty's Embassador Extraordinary and
Plenipotentiary to the United States;
who, baring communicated to each other
their full powers, which were found tp
be in due form, have agreed upon th*
following- articles:
Article L It is agreed that, the canal
be constructed under the auspices of
the United States, either directly at its
own cost or by gift or lean of mon«-y
to individuals or corporations or through
subscription to or purchase of stock or
shares, and that, subject to the provi
sions cf the present convention, the Gov
ernment «hal! have and enjoy all the
rights Incident to such construction,
regulation and management of the
canal.
Article Z. The high contracting par
ties, desiring to preserve and maintain
the ueneral principle of- neutralization
established in article 8 of the OUyton-
Bulwer convention, which convention. Is
here superseded.. adopt a* th* basis of "
rfuch neutralization the following- ruL?s.
•ubetaotially . as embodied In the con-'
vention between Great Britain and cer
tain other powers, signed at Constant:- '
nople October 14. 1SSS. for the- free navi
gation cf the Suez. marine canal, that
is to say:
' L The canal shall be free and open,
in time of war as In time of peace, to
the vessels of commerce and of war of
all nation* on terms of entire exjuality,
so that there shall be no discrimination
against any nation or its citizens -or
subjects in respect of the conditions or
charges or traffic or otherwise.
1 The canal shall never be blocked
nor shall any right of way b* exercised
nor any act of hostility be committed
within It.
3. Vessels of war of a belligerent
shall not revictual nor take any stores
In the canal except so far as may be
strictly necessary, and the transit of
such vessels through the canal shall bt»
ejected . with the leaat possible delay.
In accordance with the regulations In
fcrce. and with only such intermission
as may result from the necessities of
the service. Prizes shall be in all r«
spects subject to the same rules as ves
e*v!s of war of the belligerents.
«. Xo belligerent shall embark or dis
embark troop*, munitions of- war or
warlike materials in the canal except in
case of accident and hindrance of tran
sit, and in such case the transit shall
be resumed with all possible dispatch.
3. The provisions of this article shall
apply to waters arljarent to the canal,
within three marine miles of opposite
ends. Vessels of war of a belligerent
shall not remain In such waters longer
than twenty-four hours at any one time,'
except in distress, and In such case
shall depart as soon as possible. A ves
sel of war of one belligerent shall not
depa-t within twenty-four hours of a
departure of another belligerent. It Is
agreed, however, that none of the im
mediate foregoing conditions and stipu
lations in sections numbered one, two
. three, four and five of this article shall
apply to measures which the United
States may find it necessary to take for
enuring for Its own forces, the defense
of the Unite* States and the mainte
nance of public order. •
6. The-'plant, estimates, buildings and
all works necessary to the construction
and operation of the- canal shall be
deemed to be part thereof for the pur
pose of this convention, and in time of
war as in time of peace shall enjoy
complete immunity from attack or in-
Jury by belligerents and from acts cal
culated to impair their usefulness as
part of the canal.
7. No fortifications shall be erected
commanding the canal or the waters ad
jacent. The United States, however,
shall be at liberty to maintain such
military police along the canal as may
be necessary to protect it against law
lessness and disorder.
Article X The present "convention
shall .be ratified by the President of
the United States, by, and with the ad
vice and consent of the Senate thereof,
and by her Britannic Majesty," and the
ratifications shall be exchanged at"
~ Washington or at London within six
months from. the date hereof, or earlier
if possible.
In faith whereof the respective pleni- '.
potentiartes have signed this conven
tion and thereunto affixed their seals.
Done in duplicate at Washington the
_flf th day of February, In the . year of
"our Lord one thousand nine hundred
JOHN HAT,; .
PAUN'CEFOTE.
rrrr 7 ASHINGTON, Dec. 2O.-Afttr"
>A X\ / s P« ndln S t^« greater" part of
\V\U the past week In* considering
V" V" the, Hay-Panncefote ¦ "treaty
for the' modification of the
Clayton-Bulwer convention, of 1S50, :the
Senate to-day consumed only one ;= hour
and -.ten minutes in amending it arfd rati
fying it • as amended. . During- the : time
there, were several* roll calls and viva voce
votes. The first five of the roll calls were
NEW TREATY
AS AMENDED
cept Those of Foreign Re
lations Committee.
Ratification o! the
Hay-Pauncelote
Convention.
Defeat ol 'Amendments Ex-
NEW TREATY
IS ADOPTED
BY SENATE
Millionaire Packer of Omaha Yields to
Threats to Blind the Boy and Gives the
Sum of $25,000 to the Bold Abductors.
CUDAHY PAYS BIG
RANSOM FOR RELEASE
OF HIS KIDNAPED SON
BARON VON SCHROEDER ADMITS THE TRUTH
OF STORIES OF STRANGE SCENES AT HOTEL
RAFAEL, BUT SEEKS TO EXPLAIN AND RESTS CASE
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 21.
SAN FRANCISCO, FEIDAY; DECEMBER 21, 19OO.
PRICE F1VI> CENTS.
Continued on ~ Fifth Page.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.fendant that the "reruns Baron" Alexl*
had crawled out upon this roof one night
when attacked by nausea.
ONE ESSAY AT
IMPEACHMENT
Baron's LlYergmen Testifu to
Bad Reputation of Witness
Jewell.
Leon Bocqucraz of San Francisco, of
Shea £c Bocoueraz. the Mn,u6r dealers, was
called at the beginning- of the afternoon
session. He testified that he was a mem
ber of the poker party, the lady member
of which, according to Carl Schaubye,
had become intoxicated. Witness denied
that she was under the influence of liquor
at all.
"What were ycu playing?"
"Poker."
"What time in the evening was it?"
"About fc o'clock."
"Was the lady intoxicated then?"
"No."
"Do you sell liquors to the plaintiff?"
asked Preston.
"I do not."
"Did the lady become intoxicated later
in the evening?" asked Mr. Maguire.
"No, she did not."
Joeeph J. Murray of San Rafael, the
son of the liveryman, w?.s called to the
stand. Mr. Maguii'e asked:
"Are you acquainted with William IL
"Do you know his general reputation?"
"What Is it?"
"Very bad."
"Would you believe him under oth?" ¦
"I would not."
Furnishes Teams to Baron.
The witness was then taken in hand by
Mr. Cochrane of defendant's counsel.
"At the present time." asked Mr. Coch
rane. "are you driving for the plaintiff?"
"Yes. "
"Has your stable been furnishing teams
to Baron von Schroeder during this sum
mer?"
"Yes."
"Have you been connected with this
case, doing work on it?"
"Only in connection with Jewell."
"Haven't you been looking up evidence
and giving information both to the plain
tiff and to Mr. Martinelli, one of the plain
tiff's attorneys?"
"Only about one witness."
"What was your object in getting the
information?"
"Just for myself."
"Why did you repeat it to Mr. Marti
nelli?"
"I wanted to see the truth brought out,
and to see the stable protected against
lying statements."
"Has your stable been attacked in any
way in this case?''
"It has been mentioned in the case."
"By Mr. Jewell, who delivered the team
from your stable?"
"Yes."
"Have there been any false statements
made?"
"Well, statements of that kind do a
stable no good."
"You do not want drivers to make these
things public?" *
"I do not say that, but I like to " see
drivers do their duty. He testified that
he left the team standing and we were
responsible for It."
"How long has the Baron von Schroe
der been a customer of your stable?"
"I don't remember how long."
"How long has the hotel been a patron
of the stable?"
"Ever since the hotel was built."
"Give us approximately how long the
Baron has been a patron of the Bay View
etable." . .¦-.-•.-¦¦j
"I cannot say how long."
"Five years?"
"I don't remember."
"Four years?"
"I don't know.**
"Three?"
¦ ""I can't say."
"Two years?"
"I don't know— well, yes, for longer than
that."
Witness That Failed,
Donald Sutherland, a harness dealer of
San Rafael, was called.
"Do you know William H. Jewell?" Ma
pulre asked.
"Yes."
"Do you know his general reputation?"
Witness said he could not know every
body and what everybody thought. Aftor
instruction by the court as to the mean
ing- of "general reputation" he said he
<Ild not know what Jewell's reputation
was and counsel dismissed him.
Michael Murray, owner of the Bay View
Ftables. testified that he would not be
lieve Witness Jewell under oath and that
his reputation was bad.
"When was he employed there during
1SSS?"
"Qr?tween June 11 and July 15."
"Did he deliver a three-seater for you
at the Hotel Rafael at night any time be
tween those dates?"
"He did not." Z£ '
"Did he ever deliver a two-seated rig."
"I do not recollect positively."
"How long have you known the plain
tiff?" asked Cochra.ne.
"Probably ten or twelve years."
"Durin? that time he has been a cus
tomer of yours?"
'Through the hotel, yes."
"Your teams are conveying him back
and forth between the hotel and the
Courthouse during this trial ?"'
"Yes." ' «?> *.
"You are the father of Joseph Murray?"
"I am supposed to be,V
"Why do you say thai?"
"No one can say positively that he is
the parent of a child."
James H. Wllklns was called. Hagrulre
asked: '
"DMatu meet plaintiff at a card game
in the#l«bhouFe of the Hotel Rafael dur
ing the summer of 1S99, when the plaintiff,
his brother, Alexander, and a lady were
present ?"- -
"Yes." *. •
"And Carl Schaubye was the waiter in
attendance?*.
"1 do not remember the waiter."
"Was the lady lntoxtca.ted?"
"No." •
EX-SUPEBVISOR SMITH
TENDERED A BANQUET
Mission Residents Appreciate Hia
Efforts in Securing Much-
Needed Street Improvements.
Ex-Supervisor K. J. Smith was tendered
a banquet at Delmonlco's last Wednesday
evening by Messrs. Helwlg. Jletzner. Del-
S er and Shaugnessy in appreciation of hla
efforts in securing the opting Twenty
flfth street and Fair °»*? h **bancu.et t2
gentlemen who tendered the banquet to
Sir. Smith are all »esident3 of.tbe'neigh
borhood mentioned, and until the ope mng
as a token of regard.
G'. E. Porta Injured.
r E Porta, residing at 1636 Sacramento
°:J- me" wltn a severe accident last
Vhile crossing Kearay^street,
¦in 8?nt of the Hall of Justice, he waa
knMked down by an electric car. He was
u?k?n to the Receiving Hospital, where ha
taken i to ww oose rvation. Though hav
ing but trifling apparent Injuries tt la
felred The la seriously injured Tlnte.rnally.
Donahue Found Guilty. m
Patrick Donahue was convicted of pnuin
larceny by a Jury in, Judge Lawless court
v ester day. On the afternoon of July 13,
iqU Donahue visited the residence of Mrs.
Kite rmtin at 737 Branaan street and
stole Jewelry and valuable papers.
dishes wer-» thrown ¦ on the floor and broken ? j
.A". — I dcti't remember any occasion.
Q.— Was there any occasion when table
cloths were pulled off the table withy the
dishes, and dishes broken. In the clubhouse,
when you were present or when you and the,
plaintiff were members of any party there? ;'¦- 1
A.— I don't remember that.
¦ Q.— Did 3-ou ever at night crawl out of a win
dow of one of the cardrooms. In or attached
to the clubhouse, to the roof of the bowling
alley? ' ;
A.— Yes, elr.
Q.— Will you state to the Jury what that oc
casion was? State the circumstances.
Did It for a Joke.
A.— I crawled out through the roof for a joke.
I disappeared over the roof. They were look-
Ing for me and could not find me,* and I disap
peared on the ' roof that leads down to the
other side. Then I came back.
Q. — You came back tha same way, did you?
A.— Yes, sir.
Q.— That was to the roof of the bowling al
ley? Just under the window of the card room,
was it?
A. — Yes, sir. ;
Q.— How many times did that occur?
A.— That I could not say.
Q.— More than once?
A. — Perhaps more than once.
Q. — Perhaps more than once?
A.— I know that I have been there; that Is all
I remember.
Q.— Was there any occasion, while Mr. Peters
was an attendant in the clubhouse,' wiien
glasses, or a number of glasses were broken,
and larger glasses called for? Do yo» remem
ber any such. occasion as that?
A.— I don't remember any such occasion.
Q.— Was there any occasion, while Mr. Fft
tcrs was an attendant at the clubhouse, when
wine or champagne was drunk by your party,
the party of which you and the plaintiff were
members, out of beer schooners?
A.— I don't remember that. I don't believe
It. --¦-¦•:'.
Q. — Were you present at any card party or
supper or other gathering at the clubhouse
i when there were ladles present, and the "plain
tiff here was a member of the party, when a
lady was taken 111?
A.— On one occasion a lady was ill.
Q.— On one occasion a lady was 111? .
Q.— Was she intoxicated? ..• ';
A. — No. sir. *•
Q. — Waa she under the Influence of liquor?
A.— No, sir.
Q.— Do you know what her Illness was?
A.— I don't know. •¦ v -
Q.— Was a physician sent for? x
Q. — Who wai the physician?
A.— Dr. Howltt. . ¦¦ . .L
Q.-Of this city?
A.— Yes, sir. " . /
Q. — Do you remember the witness, Kdward
11. Moss as an attendant at any time In the
clubhouse at the Hotel Rafael?
A. — I remember him from there.
Q.— You remember him from that?
A. — Yee, elr. - •
Q. — Mr. Von Schroeder. do you remember any
occasion' on the porch of the clubhouse when
you and the plaintiff and a lady were present
when there was any question about the lights?
A.— Many times.
Q.— Many times?
A. — Yea, sir.
Q,— Mr. Moss testified— and I now read, Mr.
Df-lmas, from page 146, I commence with the
frst line:' "Did you ever have any conversa
tion with respect to the lights with the plaln
t'ff? A. — On one occasion, yee, sir. Q. — Who
v.as present? A. — The Baron, his brother Alex
nr.d a lady. Q.— What was the conversation?
A.— Regarding the turning out of a light on
the porch? Q.— Yes. A.— On the porch: The
light was turned out and I lit It. again, and
the light was turned out again, and I was
ordered to turn It down." I should think that
ehould be "on."
Q.— Yes.
A.— I said that It was
Mr. DelmaR (Interrupting)— I think that that
correction might be made. , • ;
Mr. Magulre— Yes. It was "on," Instead of
"down." ,
Mr. Delmas— We will correct the record [ ac
cordingly, c •
Mr. Magruire: Q. — Do you remember any such
occurrence In July, 1898, Mr. von Schroeder?
Lights.Hurt Their Eyes.
A.— I don't remember that there ever was
any discussion about the matter.. We used to
turn them, but because we did" not like the
bright light to shine right into our eyes.
Q.— Do ¦ you remember any occurrence In
which Mr. Moss or any waiter in the club
house had such a conversation with anybody In
your presence? '
A.— No. sir.
• Q.— About the lights? -
A.-No, fir. "
Q.— You heard the testimony of the witness
William F. Ballard? '
A.—I did. v •¦¦".-¦
Q. — Who testified that he was an attendant at
the clubhouse for one month In 1S97 and at the
Kusy season of 1S98, that he was there In 1S9S
from about the 7th of , May until, the 27th of
September of that year. Was there any occa
sion while Mr. Ballard was an Attendant at
the clubhouse when in any party of which the
plaintiff and yourself were members there was
any woman drunk?
A.— No, sir. ' . : '
Q. — Or any woman Intoxicated?
A.— No. sir. ' . . — .
q. — Or any woman under the influence of
liquor?
A.— Xo, sir.. . . -
q.— Was there any occasion while Mr. Bal
lard was an attendant at the clubhouse and in
any of the rooms of the clubhouse where.you
and the plaintiff were present when any dishes
were broken? v , ...'.'
A.—I don't remember that any dishes ever
have been broken. ' •• • • " •
Q.— I mean; of course, by. any members of the
party of which you and the plaintiff were mem
bers. You understand that?
A.—I understand It.
Q.—Wcre there any glasses broken by . any
member or members of any party while Mr.
Bailard'was an attendant there?-
A. — Yes, sir. ,':•--.-;,
Q. — Will you state the circumstances under
which classes were broken during that . time
at any of those gatherings? . .
A.--Well. under the game circumstances as : I
have stated before. -v r*3S4MSJ*W ' ----- ¦"
The Court— I tjnlght suggest. Judge, to expe
dite matters. It 1b hardly, necessary to call at
tention to the testimony of each ¦, witness.
Couldn't you ask In a general way whether any
of these particular things occurred? -
Mr.' Masulre— I could, but there are two dif
ficulties about that One Is that counsel ob-'
Jecth.to that method t-f examination. '":V,
\ The Court— Oh, no;I don't, understand. so. .',/
Mr. Magulre— And . the ¦ other !s*thatkWe are
liable to overlook : something : In » that i way. :rj'\
have gone through : the : testimony and • marked ;
The Court— Well;-; this^ls very slow.'*: <
Mr. Mnguire— I' know.' it is, but. ¦..;,(
Q.— Do you remember the witness Lally as an
attendant at the clubhouse of the Hotel Rafael
In the year 1S98? .
A.— Yes,.; sir. -.' ¦ .-. ' ¦ . . ¦ '
Q. — You remember his being there? ¦ ?
• A.— Y(S,' -«lr.^ '.':¦¦ .... ," \ ,„ ' ' . ' . '
' Q.— Y<Ju heard his testimony here on Tuesday
last? -• V '¦¦¦: ',<-. , *¦ _
A.—I did. . - r
Q. — Was ¦ there ; any occasion .while .' Mr. I^allr
wns an attendant at. the clubhouse of the Hotel
Rafael when there was any unusual noise made
at ; the clubhouse * by - any party i of which • you
and r the..plalntiff,wereimembers?.", ¦ . . • ,
• A — Not.thatl;rememb*r. ' '/' '." '.:?-.
Q. — Was'.there any ., occasion while. Mr. i Lally
Alexander von Schroeder was called on
behalf of the defendant In rebuttal. Fol
lowing Is his testimony: : .
. Mr. Magulre: Q.— Mr. von Echroeder, where
do vou reside?
A.— In San RafaeL -. i,-V,
Q. — How lone have" you resided there?
A.— Since about tbree years.
Q.— Mr. Von Schroeder. you heard the testi
mony of Bernard Peters?
A.— I did.
Q.— I will ask you, Mr. von Schroeder. if, on
any of the occasions mentioned by Mr. Peters,
there was any lady in the parties of which he
testified that you and Baron von Schroeder
were members who was drunk?
Mr. Delmas — One moment. If your Honor
please. That question is objected to upon the
ground that you cannot predicate a question to
a witness upon his assumed understanding ol
what the testimony of another witness Is. . We
object to It upon that ground.
Mr. Maguire— It simply calls his attention to
the occasion.
The Court — I suppose you would have a right
to ask the witness if- he remembers the witness
Bernard Peters while employed at tHe hotel,
and you would have a right to ask him whether
on any of the occasions on which he acted as
an attendant there was
Mr. Maguire (interrupting)— I will take that
course. . - .»
Mr. Delmas— To the present question our ob
jection is leveled.
Mr. Magulre— We will withdraw the question.
We ' were attempting to eave time in getting
over theee preliminary questions.
Q. — Did you know the witness Bernard Pe
ters while he was employed as an attendant at
the clubhouse of the Hotel Kafael?
A.— Yes. sir.
Q.— You heard his testimony yesterday con
cerning certain parties, of which he stated that
you and your brother, the plaintiff in this
action, were members?
A.— Yes; sir.
Q.— Was any woman of any of the parties
mentioned by Mi*. Peters 'on a"ny of those oc
casions drunk?
Mr. Delmas— That is the same question to
which we have objected, If your Honor please,
and I think the counsel need not be . chary of
time. It will. take less time to put the question
in the proper form. That Is the same identical
question.. "Were any on those occasions?"
That Is 'the occasions which it may be, and
must be assumed, for the purposes of the
question
Mr. Maguire (interrupting)— I will change the
form, then, and say on any occasion when Mr.
Peters waited upon you, or any party* of which
you were a member, in the clubhouse of the
Hotel Rafael, or any of the cardrooms con
nected - with the clubhouse, * was there any
woman of the party drunk?
A.— No, elr.
Q.— Was Baron von Schroeder drunk on any
of those occasions?
A.— No,' never.
Q. — Were any of the women, or was any
woman, of any of those parties under the in
fluence of liquor? k
A.— No, sir.
Q.— Or intoxicated?
A.-No.
Witness Not Intoxicated.
Q.— Mr. von Schroeder, were you ;ntoxlcated?
A.— No, sir.
Q.— On any of those occasions?
A.— No. sir.
Mr. Masuire — Mr. von Schroeder. on any of
the occasions on which -Mr. Peters waited upon
any party, of which you and the plaintiffs were
members, were there any glasses broken by the
parties?
A. — Yee, sir.
Q.— Will you etate the circumstances under
which the glasses were broken, and by whom
they were broken?
A.— Sometimes when we drink the health of
a lady we break the glaes as a kind of compli
ment to the lady, that we never drink out
of that glass again. That was the object of
breaking the glasses.
Q.— Mr. von Bchroeder, I want slnply to re
mind you that in this case we desire to go
through with the examination without men
tioning the name of any lady who was con
nected with any of the matters under inquiry.
Both Fides have agreed to that course, and I
want you lo keeD It In mind. Were there any
glapres broken on any of those occasions by
throwing them from the table, anybody throw
ing; them from the table?.
A.— Xo. «r. ¦
Mr. Magulre: Q.— Were any bottles broken
by being thrown upon the floor or against the
wal! on any of those occasions?
A. — Not that I remember.
- That Barroom Wager.
Q.— I will ask you now, I den't know whether
it is^in Petfrs' testimony, or not, but 1 will
ask you if you remember an occasion on which
eny bottle or bottles were broken, or. any bot
tle wan broken, or any attempt made to break
a tottle In the clubhouse at 'Which, you ¦- were
prerent mBp
Mr. Delmae— When Peters was not there?
Mr. Magulre — I am not speaking now about
Peters. I don't know whether this is In Peter*'
testimony or not. There Is such testimony.
A.— Yes, elr.
Q.— Will you state what that occasion was,
and what was done?
• A. — It was ¦ in the barroom. It was a bet
between several gentlemen If anybody was able
to break a bottle by throwing it on the floor.
Q.— What kind of a bottle? '
A.— An empty champagne bottle. '
Q.'— Were attempts made to break the bottle?
A. — There were; yes, 6lr. V
Q — Who took part Jn those attempts — if
there were any ladles tfiere, don't mention their
names.
A.— There were no ladles.
Q.— There, were no ladles there? 1
A.— It was in the barroom.
Q. — Only gentlemen?
A.— All gentlemen.
Q.— Do you remember who attempted to break
the bottle? And how the attempt— you say there
was a bet' that nobody could break the bottle'
by throwing It on the flo©r? That ' was the
bet ? .
A. — That waa the bet.
Q.— How many people trleflto do H?
¦ A.— That I don't remember; perhaps two or
three. "J«WP -¦•...
Q.— Did they break the bottle? .
A.— No. elr.
Q. — And it was not broken?
A.— Xo, sir.
Q,— Was there any other occasion on which
bottles were thrown on the floor In that way
or broken? -. '
" A.— Xot • to my recollection. '
Q. — Not to your recollection?
. A.— No. Eir. -.',
Q.— Was there any occasion . while Bernard
Peters- was. ecrvlne any parties there of which
you and the plaintiff were members when
No Intoxication or Misconduct
at His Brother's Little
Parties.
YOUNG BARON
ON THE STAND
"Was she under the influence of liquor?"
"No — that is, she was not intoxicated.
She had several drinks."
' •:'• ' '¦•¦¦—- — r~. ¦*¦ ' :
"John D. Spreckels, the defendant, was
recalled for further examination. His
testimony was as follows: 3 |
'Mr. Delmas: Q.— Mr ; Spreckels,' you were not'
here this morning when his Honor made cer-i
tain directions as to your being recalled as a:
witness? -.
>. A.' — I was not. '.-¦.•
Q.— And you don't know what directions were;
given In that respect? ...
, A. — I do not. • "'
* Q.— I will, then,- call y«rar attention to yoUrj
former testimony, Mr> Spreckels, with -refer-
ence, first. . to. the .Instructions given by you
•gererally to the start . of The San ".Francisco
Call, with reference totfie care that 'they should
use in' making lnvestlgatlons'before 'they pub
llshany matters of news in the paper.
Mr. Magulre— I submit |hat general Instruc
tions are — oh, well, I don't know as I care
about it. The witness may answer the ques
tion.
(By direction, the reporter reads the question.)
Mr. Delmas: Q. (continued) — And asked you,
in that connection generally, whether you gave
any instructions, and you can answer that yea
or no.
A.— I did.
Q.— Please state what those Instructions were.
A.— My instructions to Mr. Leake
were that in all cases where news was
brought in affecting, persons or cor
porations he should be particular to
verify all, every bit, before publish
ing any, no matter how good* the
news might be. And also my instruc
tions were that, in the event of the
paper having made ' a mistake in the
matter , of having giv«n some news
which was not straight, to always re
tract, and do it in as large print as
was. the article .which first gave the
notice. • .
Q.— Have those instructions, Mr. Spreckels.
been rleorously enforced In I that paper- and
about Its management ever since you have be
come the owner and publisher of It?
Mr.' Magulre— Objected ; to as Irrelevant, im
material and Incompetent, leading and' su£
gettive. It Is not for him to say as a matter
of Judgment that those things have been done.
He may show what was done :
The Court— I don't know as I quite appreciate
the full meaning of the word "enforced" in
that .connection.. ¦¦-•¦. • ¦ .- - • '¦-
Mr. Delmas— I will ask you -that; enforced by
you, bo far as In your power lay. -
The Court— That Is. the question now. ...
Mr. Maguire— Objected . to as Irrelevant,, im
material ' and . Incompetent, leading and sug
gestive. ' . . ¦ ¦ ¦ .» ¦
The Court— The objection Is overruled.
Mr. Magulre— Note an . exception.
The Court— You can answer that yes or no,
Mr. Spreckels. .¦ . ;";-,;.-.
A. — 1 will answer yes.
Mr. Delmas; Q. — Have those Instructions ever
been rigorously and constantly enforced, "so
far as you have any knowledge? ,
Mr. Magulre— That Is objected to as im
material. Irrelevant and Incompetent, leading
and suggestive.
. The Court— 1 don't know as you are entitled
to this particular answer, Mr. Delmas. It
seems to me that you have gone aa far as you
are entitled to go. -
Mr. Delmas— If that is your Honor's opinion
I will ask another question, then, subject to
your Honor's ruling.
Instructions Not Relaxed.
Q.— Have you ever modified or relaxed those
Instructions ever since the first time they were
given ? - ' . ¦ .* . -.¦¦-'.„.
A. — I have not.
Q.— When; were they, for the.flrst time, given?
A.— When I first became thdproprletor of the
paper.-. ¦¦ < . • ¦ — * . - -
Q. — And that Is, you have stated, some - '
A. . (Interrupting) — Three years and over.
Q. — Some three years ago?
A.'— Yes. sir. - . . ' .
: Q.— Now, Mr. Spreckels, with reference to the
plaintiff here.' you had already commenced to
state- when you were formerly > on the witness
stand; some matter, some ' piece of news .that
came to the . office ¦ a ; couple of j. weeks before
the publication of the. article in question.
A.— Yes, sir. .
- Q.— I refer' to the 'time when' you' were sum
moned from your home
. -Mr.. Magulre — We object to the question aa ir
relevant, Immaterial and incompetent 1 and that
It does not come within the right reserved by
the plaintiff's counsel.' namely, that It is call-
Ing for matter that waa ruled out on .yester
day.-.-- ¦ -. ¦; . - -¦-...--,- ,¦
vThe Court— No, It is not calling for matter
that v.-as ruled out. Judge. The question that
was . ruled upon was ; read . this morning : by the
Court. " ' TheT question now : asked does . come
within . the : ruling made this morning . as that
ruling 'wa« , understood by "the Court. ¦ I .held
¦ that the defendant . Is : entitled to show any
-general or. specific , instructions as. to the care
to be used in the matter of publication.
Mr. Delmas— I am endeavoring to follow your
Honor's language. •. .• - . .
¦ The Court — I understand that-, -Mr. Delmas. I
am Inclined - to . allow Mr. Delmas to ask the
witness, at this time, as to what instructions
he gave , on ' this particular occasion, to Mr.
Leake- regarding -the; plaintiff.- , .
¦j (By direction. .' the reporter reads the- last
question' put by Mr. Delmas.) .: C
The Court— That is preliminary and simply to
identify! the occasion. &XB8ig£8BE&
-:< Mr; s Magulre— Well, of course we were look
ing ": to the ; substance -. and not to the form of
the particular question. ' "' . :
.- * The ' Court — The > witness , may answer that
question. VJust^ answer yes or no. . .
¦ Mr.": Delmas :Q.— I merely wish to recall the
I occurrence to your mindV Do you recall it now?
i V A.— I ' do^fMKS^^raMMMaMMI
; ' Q. — Tou arrived; and aa -.. you have already
'stated, - *t - The f Call office, some time alter
midnight?" \ -
Ai— Yes, sir. . <
: - Q.— Coming ; from^your , home?
-A.— Between 12 and; 1 o'clock. : ...
¦ Q.— At " that . time. , were , you ¦ made acquainted
by the; people connected with the staff, or by
Mr. "5 Leake, ; the manager, , with 'any piece of
news that detrimentally affected the plaintiff
here.'J. H.-von Sehroeder , ¦ •¦'.-'. .-"-.
; Mr.'. Maeulre > (lnterruvtlnK)— Objected to as
Immaterial." Irrelevant a»d incompetent. • .
•-•The Court— I : don't think • you : are- entitled ' to
the j information " that * was •, then given - to Mr.
Spreckels. You : have already .-¦ shown by . the
.witness .that' on ;U&at" occasion 'there waa a
story related to hlm'by Mr.; L«ake involvlng-the
plaintiff in this case.vNow I: will allow, you, v ' at.
... . , . .^ . ... .. . ...... . ,., .... . . ... -_¦¦¦¦_- -¦
instructions as. lo Careful In
¦ Not Modified
¦' at; Any TlmeT -¦>
NEWS ALWAYS r
TO BE VERIFIED
A..— Baron Alexander von "• Schroeder.
Mr. Delmas— That Is all, sir. You may step
down. •; - r ¦• -..>". ;
Mr. Maguire— That is all, sir. ,
Baron von Schroeder, the plaintiff, was
called in hia own behalf In rebuttal. Fol
lowing is his testlmonv:
Mr. Magulre: Q.— Mr»^von Schroeder, where
do you reside? " -
A.— In San Rafael.
Q.— How long have you resided here?
A.— About ten years.
Q.— At what particular place In San Rafael
have you resided?
A.— Mostly in the Hotel Rafael.
Q.— Mr. vor. Schroeder, you heard the testi
mony! of the witnesses— Bernard Peters. Edward
R Moss, William S. Ballard. Gus Lally. Ray
mond O'Neill. William H. Jewell, Carl Schau
bye and Thomas Flaherty?
A'.— I did. -r--;'
Q.— Yesterday and the day before?
A.— I did. ' ' • ¦
•Q.— You heard their testimony?
A.— I heard their testimony.
q.— I will ask you If on any occasion man
tloned by any of those witnesses, or on any oc
casion during the year 1S98. you were with a
party of ladles and gentlemen, or of ladles. In
which any lady was drunk In the clubhouse. In
any room of the clubhouse, at the Hotel Rafael?
A.— I was not.
. Q —Was any woman in such party drunk or
intoxicated at any time, when you were pres
ent. In any room of that clubhouse during that
year?
A. — Ho. • . , „„
q.— Was there any occasion, in the year 1*89.
when you were a member of any party of ladles
and gentlemen, or of ladles. In which you were
the only gentleman present, or at which other
gentlemen and ladles were present, and .when
any lady of the party was drunk, In any of the
rooms of the clubhouse of the Hotel Rafael,
during the year 1899?
A — No. ' JMffig
q._ Or when any lady of the- party wm In
toxicated?
A.— No.
Mr. Delmas— Well, what Is the exact distinc
tion between Intoxicated and drunk?
Mr Magulre— I don't think there la any.
The Court— I don't know, Mr. Delmaa.
Mr. Magulre— I don't know that thert Is any,
Mr. Delmas. but some people do draw a dis
tinction; some of" the witnesses did.
Mr. Delmas— AH right.
Never Seen Prank in San Rafael.
Mr. Maguirc: Q.— Was there any such oc
casion. In any of th« rooms of the clubhouse
of the Hotel Rafael, when you were drunk In
the company of ladles, or ladles and gentlemen,
during the year. 1899 or 1898?. ";
A.— Nobody; has. ever, seen nw drank in San
Rafael. •. ' ¦-¦ ¦ ¦
Q.-^Then there wm no such occasion?
A.-No: never. ' " . ¦
q.— Was- there any occasion, I during either of
those years. - In a . ca rd room - of , the clubhouse.
or in any room of the clubhouse, when, in any
party /ot ladles and gentlemen, or of ladles and
gentlemen and yourself present,. you broke any
glasses? .•','. . .-..-. - . • ¦ .» .
A. — I have broken perhaps In those years once
or twice, on a certain occasion, a glass.
Q.— Stat« the circumstances under which
those glasses were broken. .
A.— Like the Scotchman puts his foot on the
table when, he drinks • a health, so • It Is the
custom " In • rcngland and Germany on certain
occasions,'; for Instance after-, a hunt, if the
man who *won: the .hunt, .for' instance, wants
to honor a> woman of the hunt, he ordera a
drlnfe to the special lady, and on that one oc
casion that you drink her health, y«ru drink It
and you take -the glass - and throw It In the
corner. And that has perhaps happened once
or twice. , ¦ .
Q.— Were any glasses broken by you under
any other circumstances in any of thoae rooms
at any time .during those two years?
A.— Not being ¦ attached ' to the tables, yes,
not purposely, : however,. '
Q.— If such a thins did happen it was acci
dental? • r
A.— It was , accidental. v ,
Q.— Was . there" any occasion when you were
present In any • room in- the clubhouse during
either -of those i yean, '» when you were with
otfcer parties, when you, or other members of
the party with you. "ladles or gentlemen broke
dishes? " r fH»lf^af*TWip*it-W:'
A.— I don't . remember that any dishes have
been ¦ broken. ¦« .. • - ,
Q.-Dld you personally break dishes wilfully
that is by, throwing them on the. floor or other
wise. In any of those rooms?
A. — Most certainly ¦ not. •
Q.— At any of those times?
A.— Most certainly, not., ¦-
Q.— Did you ever, with any such party in
any room of the clubhouse, during either ol
those years, break any bottles by throwing
them on- the floor? .
a.— Ko.'v0««iapQvni »
Q.— Or. try to break bottles?
A.— And it can't be done, either.
Q.-Or try to break bottles by throwing them
on the floor? -
: A.-No..7<MHHHHmHpH
.; Q.-^-Do you remember an * occasion In , tha*
BARON GOES ON .
m: WITNESS STAND
Denies All Stories of Drunken
ness, Vice and Indecent
Conduct.
this time..- to /how by the witness what In
structions --he gave '¦ Mr. Leake concerning the
plaintiff.- Bat I don't want th« subject matter
of that story.
Mr. Delmas-^Very well.
j Q.— Mr...Epreckels. with reference to that
story, then, which his Honor has Just Identi
fied: by reading from his notes, what Iristruc*
turns did you. give to the manager of the paper,
to the staff, if any were given to the' staff, with
.reference to the publication of that story or
.any publication referring to the plaintiff here?
,',Mr. Magulre — Objected to as Immaterial, Ir
relevant and Incompetent.
The Court— The objection is overruled.
Mr. Maguire— ITote an exception.
. A. — My instruction)*
The Court (Interrupting) — Just simply the In
structions.
: ' . Story Not Published.
A.— My Instructions were that th« article
should be killed.
Mr. Maguire: Q.— Killed?
'•'A.-rrYes, sir; or in t>ther words, suppressed.'
"Q.— Suppressed, that Is the meaning of
"killed" in newspaper parlance?
A.— Yes, sir.
•Mr. Delmas: Q. — Did you give any further
•Instructions upon that subject to Mx. Spreck
els? , • ' ¥ ,--;
The Court— To Mr. Leake.
-Mr. Delmas: Q.— To Mr. Leake or any one
.who. had authority there?
.Mr. Masulre— Objected to as Immaterial. Ir
relevant and" incompetent.
The Court— The objection is overruled.
Mr. Maguire— Note an exception.
A. — It i was; not necessary to give any fur
ther Instructions.
Q.— And that article
A.— Did not arc-ear.
Q.— It did not appear?
A.— No, sir.
Mr. Delmas — We think we have gone as far
In that matter as your Honor's ruling will per
mit, and therefore turn the witness over to the
other side.
- Mr. Magulra— We have no questions to ask.
Mr. Delmaa— That Is all. Mr. SpreckeU.
was an attendant '.at' the. clubhouse. when there
was any noise other than'slriglnK? :'.' :¦¦¦'¦
¦'. A.— No, , sir. ''.z ¦¦¦¦'- •¦" ' •" '¦"» ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦ '
Q.— Mode by any party of which you and the
plaintiff were members?, *'-. :¦';
-A.— No, -sir. ¦ '-?* •¦;':,-+¦ \' '"- ' • ' ; •.-'•- s - i
Q. — I mean made' by the party of which you
and the plaintiff were members? ' • . ,'r
A.— I understand. •• " ¦ i
. Q.— I not mean the ordinary noise,' as to
walklnu around Or moving >abo«it. -
¦The Court— His answer 1*. • "No. ; sir." • •
Mr. Marulre: Q.— Did any pkrty at any time;
Blnjr any. songs In the clubhouse? .
i A.— Yes, sir. ... .: ." -
¦ ¦-., Q:— Who did the slnglngr? Do you remember?,
'. , A.— All of us; all together. ' • ' ' :•-.;
•¦¦ <j.— All joined In songs?. :
A.— Yes, sir. - . ~ '¦ '
.'¦¦* Q.-^Dld the plaintiff Join In . any songs, to
yourkijowledje? .. . f;
• A,.— I -think so. • .
; q;— You think he did? ;
Q.-fW'ere any members of 'the' party on any
such occasion under the influence of liquor?
A.-^No, sir. ¦.. - - ' ;
Q;— Or Intoxicated?
. 'A.— No. sir. . .. '
. Qi-rrOr drunk? . . •
A:— No. Eir. ' • ¦;
. Q.— Mr. von Schroeder, did . you hear the'
testimony of William H. Jewell?
,a:— I did. ¦ ' ',. " • ;
. ''Q. — OnTuesday last and yesterday morning:?!
'."A,-l did. .-; ,'. ; .,V-. •¦ : -.- j
*Q.— Was there any occasion , to your knowl
edge or when you were present at 'or near the.
Btables of the Hotel Rafael when four mem- ;
¦bers'-of a party of six returned to the stable. 1
and It was reported that the plaintiff here and
'one woman of the party were missing? Do
you know the occasion. Baron?
A.— I know the statement of the witness..
• ._ Mr. Magulre: Q.— Did any lady member of
any drlvlns party, to your knowledge, " return
drunk to the hotel?
* Lady Was Not Drunk.
Q.— Do you remember the witness Schaubye?
' A.'— Yes, sir.
Q-— Was any lady of any party, of which you
and your brother, the plaintiff, were members,
at any time while Schaubye was an attendant
at the clubhouse, was any lady of. any such
party, while Mr. Schaubye ' was an attendant
at the >clubhouce/ drunk? . ' . %,'-'-'
A.— No,' sir. ¦ • ... • . ¦ •. :'• t • '¦¦.'¦¦¦¦
Q.— Or Intoxicated?
A.— No, sir. • ' ,
Q.— Were any glasses broken on any occasion
when Mr. Bchaubye was an attendant, and
your brother and yourBelf. were members of any
party In either of the cardrooms In or attached
to the clubhouse?
A.— I don't, remember whether It was dur
ing the service. of Carl Schaubye- .
Q.— Well, he states that he - served there —
you remember of Carl Schaubye being an at
tendant there, do you? . ' . .
-A.— Yes. - . ' "vr'iy ,' -
Q.— He testified that he was there from the
middle of March to. about the middle of Oc
tober, 1S93. Was there any occasion during that
period when Schaubye was an attendant when
any glasses were broken In those rooms? ••
A.— I don't think so.
Q.— Were any bottles broken or any dishes
broken by any such party, of which -you and
your brother, the plaintiff,- were members dur
ing that" time?
. A.-«-None that I remember. v'if.V;;.
Q.-f-Do you remember a card. party at which
you. the plaintiff here, your brother, and Mr.
Wllkins, Mr. O'Connor, some other gentlemen
and a lady were members, while Schaubye waa
an attendant there? i
A.— I remember. ' , , ,
Q.— Was the lady, on that occasion, drunk?
A.— No. ,cir. t
Q. — Was. she under the Influence of liquor?
A.— No. sir. '
Q.— Was she .intoxicated?
A. -No, sir.
" ¦ Q.— I understand . you to say you remember
the occasion Mr. Schaubye spoke of In his tes
timony? • •
A.— I do.
Mr. Delmas— WelL never mind; he has an
swered your question. |
Mr. : Maguire— Yes, sir. • »
Mr. Delmas — And that was not the question
that you asked.
The Court— The occasion was identified by the
parties present.
Mr. Delmas-The Interrogator has Identified
that occasion that he speaks of.
Mr. -Magulre: : Q.— You have already testified
about the attempt to break a champagne bot
tle In the barroom. Did. that attempt e\-er oc
cur more than once in the barroom? That you
remember? . ¦ ' '
¦ ¦ A. — Not that I remember.
• Some More Denials. . <
Q — Was there any member of any party, card
party < or other' party at .' the. clubhouse, of
whlch-you and your brother, the pla1ntiff.*were
members during that period, under the In-?
fluence of liquor? , < t
A.— No, 'i Sir. - - 1 "; \v ' \
Q.— Or drunk? '
'A.-No.'-'sir. ; ¦ . .
Q.— Or intoxicated? •• .
.a.— No.- sir. :..¦ ¦>¦""-."*;-: . ¦¦- ¦ .¦', --."•..•
Q.— Was -. there any occasion. In any, room of
the clubhouse during the year 1SD8, orat any
time: when any member of any- such party
was drunk? . ¦ / ', ..
A. — Not in the presence of ladles. '
Mr. -- Magulre: Q. — Not in the ' presence^ of
ladies? • .
a.— No. :•• • ' . -
. Q.— Mr. A'on Schroeder,' I ¦ will ask you . were
any dishes broken ; by any member of a party
of which 'you were a member? ¦ .
A.— Not that I remember, t v
Q.— Did you hear the answer of the witness,
Thomas Flaherty, yesterday?
-A.— I did.> •:-. ' v r. . ..'¦¦¦•
Q.— Was there, ¦ at , any ' time, a . party of la
dies and "gentlemen. -.Including -yourself- and
your brother, the -plaintiff: here, In the billiard
,room of the clubhouse at 1 or 2 o'clock' in the
morning ; or at any time of night?
. A.— We may have passed through there on the
way '." : . ¦' - ¦ '¦'.''¦ ¦ '¦"•'-.
.'¦¦ Q. dnterruptlng) — I am asking you a ¦ ques
tion about a specific thing. •'Was there any oc-
Icaslon ,when you and your. brother, the plain
tiff here, and ladles were in the billiard room
of the clubhouse,- and any of the party attempt
ed to break a bottle, or bottles','- on the floor of
the billiard room? ;" •.-.--•
A.— No, sir.
, Q.— Was there any such occasion on 1 which
your brother threw a glass to the floor of the
billiard 1 room,*" either a billiard cue of
with his -hand?- " ¦' w . •
¦. A.— JCo,'«-slr. -'. .
. Q.— I- will ask : you . If, .' on ¦ any of these occa
sions , ! of > which •¦. I have spoken when
(ttny,' party,^ card : carty ior. otherwise, ¦ was ; pres
ent? In the clubhouse ! of ,.the ; Hotel Rafael, and
jthere.wasiajiy.lady or -were any. ladles present
.during the » years S.189S." or 1839.- was there ' ever
¦any^lady drunk In iriy. such'party? '•^,-y-:
.i-Ar^No,'' sir/-. ¦ 'y'r-\ ¦• •' "..'¦,- ¦•{:¦
;"¦ Q.— Qr, any lady> Intoxicated In any 'such
party? ->-"'¦ " ' »Vv ; ' :" ' ' ' • "¦• ":.':"
A.— No, 'Sir. - ' • - -•.:.'¦ -..
.' ¦ Q.— Or un<1er. the Influence ; of : liquor In any
ll 1 1 ii 1 1 j ' i*JI lJJ!LjiLtlil|HBJi..i.
: -A.-No,- sir. •>.¦¦•¦¦.¦ ..-¦•.¦¦.
, . Mr.- MaRulre-^-Tou .may, take the witness.
;¦ . Mr. >Delmas: •.. Q.— Did * you ': say i ; that *.- your"
name' was Alexander, or, Alexis von ' Schroeder?
Mr. Maaruire of plaintiff's counsel de
sired to offer in evidence the books of. the
Hotel Rafael to show that so far from
the | receipts falling off during 1S3S and
1899 tha ; receipts for 1893 had increased
over 1837 and those of 1S39 over 1SD3.
v Mr. Deimas asked if counsel knew of his
personal knowledge that they were tha
hotel books. If so he could testify. la
any case testimony would be demanded.
Mr. Magulre said the young lady book
keeper would have ii> be called. Later
he decided not to take that trouble in
order to get the books in evidence.
The Baron Alexander was recalled to
deny that there was any occasion in the
clubhouse when he was present when a
lady eat on his brother's knee.
"The plaintiff rests. ' eaid Mr. Maguire.
For the defendant William Sales, a fur
niture dealer of San Rai'ael, was called for
testimony In surrebutta.1. He testified that
the character of William H. Jewell was
good, lie had sold aim furniture, took
contracts for painting and decorating at
his house and bad had considerable busi
ness with him. •
George J. Miller testified to having
known William H. Jewell for fifteen
years. He knew his general reputation
and to his knowledge U was good.
¦ Complacency Not Mutual.
"That is all," said Mr. Cochrane of de
fendant's counsel. "The defendant rests."
Judge Angellottl said: "I suppose It
would be profitless to- commence the ar
gument this evening, gentlemen?"
"If your Honor la ready to submit the
case to the Jury now we are," announced
Mr. Delmas.
"What is that?" asked Maguire.
"If your Honor Is ready to submit the
case to the jury wo are." Delmaa re
peated. V-\
"You are submitting with great com
placency." said Maguire.
• "If you will Join us in the complacency
the Jury may return to their homes to
night." retorted Delmaa.
•That Is a play," Maguire said.
"No, it is not a play." said Preston. "It
Is an offer to submit the case."
"That is a play to the gallery," Maguire
insisted.
"I hardly think that is a proper re
mark," Delmas said. "We are r^ady to
submit this cane to the Jury If your Honor
is ready to charge the jury."
"Perhaps the court tad better take ;ha
responsibility and Bay that it is not ready
to charge the jury." said Judge Angel
lotti with a smile.
"I suggest that some arrangement be
made this evening about tha time for ar
gument so that the case may be closed to
morrow.", said Maguire.
"We will not determine about the ar
gument of this matter until we have seen
what kind of an argument is presented
and whether we care lo answer it or not.
Delmas said. .„
It is understood that Gallagher will
open the argument for the plaintiff; tnat
Cochrane will follow with the opening
argument for the defendant, and tn-u
Maguire will close for the plaintiff ami
Delmas for the defendant. The court wu.
reconvene at 10:15 o'clock this morning-
Defendant's Counsel Willing to
Submit the Case Without
Argument.
DELMAS' OFFER
IS REJECTED
room of the clubhouse when any attempt ¦xaj
made to break any bottles?
A. — I have been told of It. I was lot present.
Q.— Was there any occasion In tie btlliarrj
room of the clubhouse when you w%e present
with your brother and eome ladle*, and per
haps some other eentlemen. when Jfcu. either
with a billiard cue. or with your haul, thre-w
a glass to the floor from the table ai 1 broka
it? I
A.— There may be a irlass broken: \l rtor.'t
remember; certainly I did not do it purposely.
-Q. — Did you, at any party or tathrai?. ia
any room of the clubhouse, in either K>5 or
1SW, have a woman sitting on your kne«?
- A.— Most certainly not.
Would Not Be Such a Fooli
Q. — Did you. on. the veranda of the clubhot«e.
at any time during either of those years, tuva
any women sitting on your knee?
A.— I would cot be «uch a fool.
Q.— You dii not?
A.— No. * *\
Q. — Did you ever walk on the veranda of th«
hotel Itself with your arm - around the waisfe,
or upon the body of any woman?
A.— Perhaps with my daughter, yes.
Q. — With any other woman?
A.— No.
Q. — Did you ever, late at night or at all.
during those years, during either of tnos»
years, fo'mto the tower, or any part of th»
tower of the hotel grounds with your arms
or your arm around or upon any woman?
A.— I did not.
: Q. — Were you ever sitting in the maze of
the grounds of the hotel at night with ' a
woman when, the witness Thomas Flaherty
and a lady, or when any person came into tha
maze?
A.— No.
Q. — Were you ever there in the maze at any
time at nfght with a woman other than your
wife or daughter when there wa3 nobody else
present?
A. — Alone? Certainly not.
<J. — Do you remember any occasion when you
were present - with any party In, one of th»
cardrooms of the clubhouse when your brother
Alex von Schroeder climbed out through the
icof to the roof of the bowling alley?
A.— I wu.
Q.— Will you state the circumstances.
A.— My brother, when other people wvn
tfllking. other guests. Jumped out of the win
dow to frighten them, as a Joke. And It was
most ridiculous when, all at once, in the dark,
hla face appeared again and looked in tha
window, because nobody in the room thought
there was a* roof right near that window, aa
everybody can appreciate. If you go on the
reof and prepare to look with your face over
th<» window sill- WWH
¦ Q.— And that is what he did?
¦ A.— That is what he did. And it made much,
merriment.
Q.— Mr. von Scbroeder. you heard th» testl
acny of the witness John Bailey yesterday?
A.— I did.
Q. — Did any such occurrence as testified to
ever take place?
A.-N0.
Q.— Ho testified that at a point
Mr. Preston (Interrupting) — Now h& has an
swered the question.
• Mr. Delmas— He has answered your question.
Mr Magulre— Well. I want to b« more spe
cific'about It. He testified that at a point
cortherly from the hotel, about a mile and &
quarter from the hotel, he saw you In a com-
Dn'mlsinar position, which you heard him de
scribe, with a lady. Did any such occurrence
e%er take place, there or anywhere else?
A. —It is a most villainous perjury!
' Q.— It Is not true?
A.— It Is not true.
x q You heard the testimony of the "witness
William H. Jewell?
A.— Yes. sir.
Q —Did you In the month of June or In the
month of July. 189*. or at any time, return to
the Hot«l Rafael with a driving party, or with
a divided party. In two carriages, meeting at
the stable of the hotel, or near the corner of
Bell avenue and Watt avenue, or anywhere
near, when any woman of the party was
drunk?
A.— No.
CQ-— Or Intoxicated?
\A»— Na
• Mr. Majruire— Tou may take the witness.
Mr. Delmaa — We have no questions.
BROTHER BARONS TELL THEIR STORY OF THE NIGHT REVELS
THE SAX FRANCISCO C A Lly FRID A Y/g D ECEMBER 21, 1900.
JUDGE ANGELLOTTI ORDERS A RAID IN COURT UPON THE VON SCHROEDER GUNNERS.
2
Stops the; Cough
And ¦ works oft the * Cold. ."- Laxatlv* Bromo-
Quinlne Tablets cure & cold In on* day. 1 - No'
t Cure. - No ; Pay. <¦ Price 25 cents. -., . ~ -: •,?
The Hub
(CHAS. KEILUS^c CO.)
ME.V6 CLOTHIERS ONLY;
THAT'S WHAT WE ARE;
LATEST PRODUCTIONS OF
THE STEIN-BLOCH COS.
HACKETT. CARHART & COS
CELEBRATED STYLISH ¦
OLOTHES."
WE KNOW HOW TO FIT
YOU— >-.:/.—
EXPERIENCED SALESMEN
AND COMPETENT TAILOR'S
TO WAIT ON YOU.
EVEK TRY US? YOU OUGHT.
Exclusive
High-Grade..:
Clothiers
ALBERT^ FROCKS. MORNING
COATS.
FULL DRESS AND TUXEDOS
SEMI-DRESS AND BUSINESS
SUITS. .
GOWN RAGLANS,
AUTOMOBILES. '
TOP COATS AND SANDOWXS
SLEEVELESS INVERNESS'
READY-TO-PUT-ON-
THE-M0MENT-Y0U--
PARAGON TROUSERS— ONLY
HERE.
. Open Evenings Until Christmas.
137 KEARNY ST.
I #f L THURLOW BLOCK.ROBBEBS FAH TO LOOT
TREASURER'S OFFICE
Eight Watchman at the Capitol of
Nebraska Has a
Encounter.
LINCOLN. Xebr,, Dec 20.— An unsuc
cessful attempt to rob the State treasury
was made early this morning. Night
tVatchir.an F. M. Goode said he discov
ered three men in the Treasurer's ofSce
at the State Capitol at 3 o'clock. Two
shots, he Bald, were fired at him by the
robbers, one passing through the lapel of
his coat. He fired twice In return, appar
ently without effect, and the robbera fled.
The watchman turned in a general
alarm from the State Capitol and almost
the entire police force hastened to the
building. The only evidence of the at
tempted robbery found was the bullet
holes in the corridor walls. State Treas
urer Meserve was summoned and found
his office In a Etate of disorder, but the
eteel vault uninjured and nothing of value
missing so fax as he could tell.
AECHBISHOP ULELAUD
SOON TO GO TO CUBA
Commissioned by the President to
Beport Upon Church Matters
In Dispute.
DTTLTTTH. Minn.. Dec 20.— Archbishop
Ireland of St. Paul is to make a. trip to
Cuba shortly after the first of the year by
commission from the President. Bishop
McGoldrlck of Duluth ha* been lnvUed.by
the Archbishop to accompany him.
The mission of the Archbishop Is said
to be to investigate questions In dispute
respecting the allotment of church pros
pects In the island. It is surmised that
the President believes the selection of one
of their own churchmen for the mission
will convince the members of the church
In the island of the fairness of the Inten
tion* of thia Government.
GHAKTED A DIVORCE
FEOM ACTOE MACDOWELL
XBW YORK. r>ec 20.— Referee Emman- j
v-l Bluxnenstlel has filed his report In the
Supreme Court In the divorce cult brought
by Wllnelmtna Marie Ma-cDowell against
William Melbourne MacDowell. the actor,
once husband of Fanny Davenport. The
referee finds that Mrs. MacDowllis en
titled to a decree. The couple were xnar-
PARIS. Dec 20.— The suit of Charles
Wertheimer, the London bric-a-brac deal
er, against Count *Boni de Castellane to
recover payment for art objects sold the
Count and Cour.tess de Caetellane, began
to-day In the First Civil Chamber. The
transaction Is taken as a test case and
Involves the sum of 12.450 francs. The
hearing was devoted to the arguments of
counsel. None of the parlies was in
court. The total turn involved in the
transaction is C.SOO.WO francs.
Count and Countess de Castellane have ;
replied with a counter suit demanding a j
full statement of all transactions, dairy- I
Ir.g that various objects were sold at !
scandalously exaggerated prices and that i
many articles were represented as au- !
thentic antiquities when they were real- j
ly imitations, modern or useless, while in i
a series of exchanges in 1$W Wertheimer j
took back a number of articles at prices i
ffreatly inferior to their true worth. They, |
"therelore. demand a reduction of the deot, i
provisionally esttmaxca to oe at least two !
million irancs, ana ine restitution of the i
oojt-cts taken in exchange by Wertheimer j
under the penalty of a thousand francs j
for each day s deiay in the restitution on [
the day of judgment. Finally they claim ;
oamages to the amount of JWO.uw francs. |
Count and countess de Castellane also
ask that in case the judges sm-uld decide
lurther light is iiecued on the subject,
that experts shall be appointed to ap- I
praise tne articles involved. T fte appoint- |
ment cf these experts is the llrst aim of :
counsel for the easiellanes.
Werihtimer's counsel, Aialtre Foucald. j
In a Bpcocil la.siing several hours, made a j
most vigorous- !y worded reply to the Cas- i
tellane conteiuions. He eaid there was ;
nothing serious in the observations and
criticisms "behind which the Castellanes
were screening their temporary insol
vencv." He denounced the Count's con
duct* scathingly, referring to his "pre
texts to delay payments," and did not
hesitate to accuse him of telling un
truths. Counsel explained how the Count
cheerfully accepted all the tranpaetions,
expressing satisfaction until the last mo
ment, when he turned and accused Wer
the'.mer of usury.
Maitre Foucald presented details of the I
various transactions ana replied to the j
contention that the articles were sold at
exaggerated prices. He explained that
Count Boni de Castellane sold a number
of articles and Wertheimer a-sked the
buyer at what price he would resell them
to him. The price asked was above those
at which Wertheimer sold the articles.
Counsel quoted one article in a batch
•which the Count asked Wertheimer to
*ell on the evening of his departure for
JCew York. Count de Castellane, counsel
eaid. asked a higher price than he had
paid for the article. Wertheimer, never
theless, sold the batch at the Count's flu
ur*>8.
Nothing could be more ralnful. assented
Maitre Foucald, than the steps taken by
the Caste'lanes to avoid the suits. Who
could reproach Wertbeimer for nlacing
confidence in the man who had contracted
marriage with The richest heiress in the
world, one w hose fortune the press de
scribed a? fabulous. The Count, when
J-aid pressed, told Wertheimer that Mr.
Gould would pay.
The Count's conduct at this period, ac
cording to counsel, resembled that of a
child. He was surprised at his ¦wrong
doing:, and requested, his creditors to keep
from Mr. GouM the real «xtent of his In
debtedness. Later the Count affirmed that
liis own brother would pay Wertheimer.
but through his brother's lawyers, not
through his fthe Count's! hands.
"What an affront!" said counsel. "Count
Boni was thus obliped to admit that his
own brother would not trust him with
money."
Maitre Foucald here contrasted Count
Boni's conduct with the erlorious tradi
tions of the Castellane family. One felt
grieved, he said, to find such falsehoods
written with the pen of a Castellane.
Count de Castollane wired Wertheimer.
after his arrival in New York, that he
was we!l E.itlsFed with the voyage, -which ]
counsel said Wertheimer interpreted as
meaning that the Goulds would finance
him. j
Counsel for Count de Castellane. Maitre
Bonnat, actinsr for Coudert Bros, of New j
York, contended that* Wertheimer had |
been striving to prevent the case from
coming before the courts, but the result
had been unfortunate for him as the na
ture cf Werthelmer's business must be
exposed.
Maitte Bonnat said George J. Gould
considered that Y.'ertheimer had given |
credit to a your.g married couple who had j
no thorough CDmprehension of the value •
of money, on terms very advantageous to !
himself. Werthoimer. counsel contended, I
while giving Count de Castellane time to j
pay. offered to make exchanges whereby i
he took back the finest objects of his col
lection. Wertheimer had no right to say
Count de Castellane was pursuing a dis
honorable course.
Counsel claimed that Wertheimer had
• abused the confidence of the young peo
ple, and If the latter had committed fol
ios it could he said that for the last j
eighteen months they had been cruelly
atoning for them. Moreover, henceforth
they would devote themselves to wiping
out the Indebtedness.
Before the conclusion of the argument
the case was adjourned for a week.
Charged With "Untruths and Having
Bought Beyond His Means
Trusting George Gould
Would Paj His Debts.
COUNT BOMI
IS SUED BY A
LONDON DEALER
Counsel Makes Bitter Attack
on the Young French
Nobleman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER .21, 1900.
3
Union-Made
Every ready-to-wear garment in our store
is made by union men, and the label they put
on the clothes is an absolute guarantee of
excellent workmanship. Good materials
and good workmanship are what make
clothes wear.
.Then again our assortment is of big ad r
vantage to you. Oiir stock comprises everything worn in suits
and overcoat?. Every material and style is represented, and there
is a range of prices from as low as it is advisable to pay up to as
much as*one cares to spend.
All clothes are sold with a guarantee that fully protects the
customer. Money will be returned in any instance where the
customer | thinks he is entitled to it Every garment bears our
"Yeargood"
which, of course, is self-explanatory. Goods can be exchanged
after Christmas if desired
Our clothing is particularly suited for
gifts, because of its excellence. It is excellent
because it is
Only-three more days left for buying
your Christmas presents. Better buy right
away, and why not buy sensible, practical
and useful gifts? The most sensible of all
useful gifts is clothing — good, durable, stylish
clothes.
Suits and Overcoats
F^UFiiistiitig Goods
In this department you will find numbers of things that are well adapted to
Christmas-giving. A man always appreciates a present of furnishing goods.
Below are mentioned suggestions from our immense stock, and we wish to say
that we consider the goods first class in every respect. The prices are reasonable:
Smoking Jackets from $3 50 to $10
Pajamas from Sl.jo to, $4
Neckwear, elegant assortment, at $'0c
Handkerchiefs from 25c to ys'c
Silk Suspenders $1 to $3
Umbrellas from to $7.50
Mufflers from $ I to $3
Etc., Ec, Etc. >.>¦
Bath Robes from $4 to $8 50
Night Robes from Joe to.$2.jp
Gloves from $1 to $1:85"
Shirts from Joe to $2
Canes from 2<c to $2 ?>:¦
Underwear from $l to $^> a suit
Hosiery from 2£c to 7^0
Hats
The best hat we know of for a
Christmas present is a Hawes; it
is popular, stylish and an all-round
favorite with the men; it sells for
$3.00
: i Comes in soft and stiff shapes, in all the
seasonable colors..
Another good hat less expensive is our
"Wood Special" at
It is the equal of N the hatters' usual
article.
Hat orders make good gifts.
0%r Wft \fi haSA BwVn ¦ fif SO V(\ JBm HmW w&Kr mQn J^^^^A K JO AJ V^^
KM \KcEV In VBSk G13&A H ' mS GA lam IA law BA IMnk mrJH - m?3 in
BM^__ - EH& H ' nffl» kMSk Ml Ea WitK J^H Im BE Kr%. |l/^vw^ MshA Sr& Bw*
Out-of-town orders titled for any good$4hat we have— simply write our mail order department inclosing amount and we will
send r whatever you 1 desire, subject to exchange after* Chr.stnjas. Address Department C.
Mothers and fathers, too. you will find our children's department particularly helpful in the selecting^of the
Christmas clothes for your boy. Right on one floor is a complete stock of children's, boys' and youths' suits,
overcoats, hats, caps and furnishing goods— all fine goods at reasonable prices. .
For boys from 3 to 8 years, middy, vestee. reefer
and sailor suits and top and winter coats from $2.50
to $10.00.
For boys from 8 to 15 years two-piece and three-
piece suits and top and winter overcoats from $2.50
to $10.00.
For young men from 12 to 19 years, sack suit's and
box and winter overcoats from #5.00 to #20.00.
Baseball outfit free ; with' every suit or overcoat.
Boys' sweaters from $1.00 up.
Boys' shirts, ages 6 to 12, 50c.
Boys' neckties in a varied assortment, 25c each. .
Boys-underwear at-ali prices from 25c a garment up.
Boys' Fedora hats from 90c to $2.00.
Boys' Derby hats, #i.^o and $2.00.
Boys' caps from l^cioj^c.
Santa Claus has candy tor all the little folks who call.
Take elevator to second floor.MONEY FOB WEST POINT.
WASHINGTON, Dec 20.— The House
p&ssed the Indian and the Military Acad
emy appropriation bills. .The. former car
ried and the latter J700.EU. Neither
provoked much discussion. A few. minor
amendments were placed upon the former.
License for Central Theater.
Tax Collector Scott, through the recom
mendation of the Judiciary Committee of
the Board of Supervisors, Issued a license
yesterday to Belasco & Thall for the
opening of the Central Theater.
Bonto for "Waterway From Dalles
Rapids to Celile Falls.
WASHINGTON. Dec 2O.-rThe Secretary
of War to-day transmitted to the House
the report of the chief of engineers upon
the examination and survey of the Co
lumbia River between the foot of the
Dalles Rapids at the head of Cellle Falls,
Oregon, and Washington, with a view to
the construction of a canal and lock to
overcome 'the obstructions to - navigation,
authorized by the la«t river and harbor
act The estimated cost of the work Is
given as SS.&GP.STl, or In round numbers $4,
000,000. Dart, who made the sur
vey, report* that the work is one o-f pub
lic Importance worthy of undertaking for
the United States, but in connection with
the advisability of beginning the under
taking at this time he calls attention to
tne reports In favor of a portage road
around the obstructions, which could be
completed at one-tenth the cost of the ca
nal and in half of the time.
SURVEY FOB CANAL.
the Anglo-Saxon race. He urges that all
words offensive to Spain be blotted out of
the Cubsrh hymn "Bayemsa," and that
others be substituted which would be cal
culated to inspire the natives to prepare
to drive out and resist all foreign foes to
the island or to its absolute independence.
Professor Frye was at one time Super
intendent of Schools at San Bernardino,
this State.
WASHINGTON, Dec 20.— When the
Senate Committee on Agriculture re
sumed its hearing on the Grout oleomar
garine bill to-day Senator Allen of Ne
braska, a member of the committee, made
a pointed and sensational statement con
cerning his position as to the measure.
He never had announced, he said, whether
he was in favor or opposed to the pending
measure, but' by reason of some questions
he had asked yesterday it was supposed
by the lobbyists present that he wouM
antagonize the measure. Since the hear
ing of yesterday he had been flooded with
telegrams urging him to support the bill.
The conclusion was obvious. With some
vigor he said:
"I •want to enter my protest against this
cheap John, peanut, political method. I
have no words to express my utter con
tempt for this method and for those who
would engage in it. The lobbyists who
are supporting this bill are doing it more
injury than its open and avowed oppo
nents."
Rathbone Gardiner of Providence, rep
resenting the manufacturers of oleomar
garine, continued his argument begun yes
terday in opposition to the pending bill.
In the course of his" argument • he men
tioned "process butter." In response to
an inquiry, one of his clients explained
what "process butter" was. He declared
that "process butter" was "washed with
sulphuric acid" to remove the rancidity.
Governor Hoard of .Wisconsin,! with
some feeling, combated the statement,
maintaining that no occasion whatever
existed for its treatment 1 with add.
Discussing the coloring of oleomarga
rine, the natural color of which was near
ly white, Mr. Gardiner said the oleomar
garine manufacturer used anato, which is
a. harmless preparation.
Continuing his argument, Mr. Gardiner
declared that the purpose of the advo
cates of the Grout bill was not to regu
late the oleomargarine Industry but to de
stroy it.
Objects to Their Actions in
Support of the Oleomar
garine Bill.
HAVANA. Dec. 20.— Professor Frye.
the Superintendent of Public
School? in Cuba, has Just issued,
over his official signature , and
through the Spanish newspaper
Dlario de la Marina, a sensational "proc
lamation," to the Cuban people: He
speaks In derogatory terms of the Gov
ernment and of Intervention In general by
ALLEN DENOUNCES
SENATE LOBBYISTS
REAPPORTIONMENT
OF THE HOUSE
Census Committee Files a
New Bill Arranging the
Membership.
Crumpacker Presents Independent
Report to Abridge Representation
in the South in Ratio to
Suffrage Abridgment,
WASHINGTON. Dee. 20.—Representa
tive Hopkins, chairman of the Committee
en Census, to-day filed in the Houep the
majority bill reported by his committee,
f.xing the membership of the House for
ihe next decade at .*".
Representative Burleigh of Maine filed a
minority report signed by six members in
favor of a House to be cojpposod of 3SG
member?, and Representative Cmmpaoker
cf Indiana, who signed the Burleigrh re
port, also submitted an Independent re
port in favor of reducing the representa
tion in the Southern States to the exten;
cf the abridgment of the suffrage. His
Independent report favors a House to be
composed of 374 members.
Hopkins, in the majority report, cites
many Instances to show that the loss of
Feats by States under reapportienrnent
bilis was not uncommon. Massachusetts.
for instance, which under the third cen
ijs had twenty members, was reduced to
ten under the sixth, seventh and eighth,
ar.d Virginia, which had twenty -three in
the third, had but r.in<- under the ninth.
The report says the committee followed
The plan adopted under the sixth census
pnd followed continuously, since. It has
the sanction and approval of sixty years
cf national existence. The .plan is to di
vide the constitutional population by 357,
the proposed membership. The quotient
20S.S68 is the ratio of Representatives to
population. This ratio, applied to the
population of each State, will yield in the
aggregate a number somewhat less than
357, the number determined upon as the
membership of the House. The differ
ence ie made up by assigning to the
States having the largest majority frac
tions additional Representatives until a
sufficient number have been assigned to
bring the total up to S57. A membership
of more than 357. the report says, would
make the House unwieldy.
The minority report, signed by Messrs.
Burleish. Russell. Heatwole. Crumpacker,
Griffith and Wilson, proposes as a substi
tute for the Hopkins measure a bill fix
ing the total number of Representatives at
SSb instead of 357, as In the Hopkins bill.
Referring to the Hopkins apportionment
the minority report says:
The anomalous character of thi* proposed
apportionment, re well as Its obvious Injustice.
is clearly demons-trated by the fact that it Is
necfssari'.y based. In part, upon majority frac
tions, and yet Colorado with a majority frac
tion of 121.3C and Florida with a majority
fraction of 110.S86, <1o not receive a Representa
tive based upon euch majorltj- fraction, while
every other Ftate with a majority fraction re
ceives a RppreEentatlve for Fuch a majority
fraction.
We believe that every State should be treated
alike with reference to its majority fraction,
ae no valid reason hue been or can be assigned
f^r the discrimination between them. We also
believe that in the new apportionment no State
should lose a Representative. Therefore we
recommend a House consisting of 3S6 mem
bers.
In reaching: thle number we have adopted the
rr.?thr«(l used ty the committee. We take the
computation haseM on SM Representatives, upon
a ratio of one Representative for every 134, 182
of population. Nebraska, with a majority frae
tlnn of S7.6^>. and Virginia with a majority
fraction of UtJtU, each lose a Representaive
and get no Representaive for the majority
fraction in either case. These are the only
States having majority fractions that fail to
pet a Representative therefor. This eeems to
us an injustice. Therefore. following the.
precedent In the case of New Hampshire and
Florida in 1S72. we assign to each of these
State* one Representative for each majority
fraction, thus adding two to the whole number,
making in all 3S6 Representatives.
Cnder this the gain is as fallows: Arkansas,
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida,
Louisiana. Massachusetts, Mississippi, Missouri,
North Carolina, North Dakota, ;W»ahlngton,
¦West Virginia and Wisconsin gain one Repre
sentative each; Minnesota. New Jersey and
Pennsylvania gain two; Illinois. New York and
Texa* gain thre*. •
We euhmit that thle apportionment, involving
on Increase in the membership of the House
of twenty-nine. 1« in line with the uniform
f-rsictlce of the House increasing its size so aa
to keep pace, aa the case may be. with the
population of the country. No practical incon
venience as to the seating capacity of the
House can result from this increase.
The independent report of Crumpacker
is a lengthy document which goes ' ex
haustively Into the abridgment of the
right of suffrage In the Southern States.
In the beginning he quoted the fourteenth
amendment to the constitution, providing
that when the right to vote Is abridged,
except for population in rebellion or other
crime, the representation shall be reduced
in such States In proportion to such
abridgment.
"Congress in this matter." . Crumpacker
says, "must take cognizance of current
history and of facts disclosed by official
records." • •
Crumpacker then takes up '. the consti
tution of Ix>uieiana and adduces figures
to show that In that State 43.74 per cent
of the citizens are disfranchised. The
representation should, therefore, he ar
gued, be reduced from seven to four. In
North Carolina, for the same reasons, he
figures thct the representation should be
reduced from nine to six; in Mississippi
from seven to four, and in South Caro
lina from «lx to four. The subterfuge re
sorted to In the South to evade the law,
he says, marks the beginning of political
demoralization and social decay. He then
proceeds to a severe arraignment of the
South in many localities of which "the
trampling under foot of laws calculated
to secure the exercise of political privi
leges to the negro has continued for so
long that it is showing its vicious fruits
In the prevalence of mob law.". He de
nounces the frequent resort to lynch law
and its unspeakable horrors, saying that
it is the- legitimate result of a generation
of disregard of election laws.
COLOMBIAN REBELS
HAVE BEEN CRUSHED
CARACAS, Venezuela, via Haytian ca
ble, Dec 20.— Advices received here from
Cumunai on the Gulf of Caracas, say the
Colombian revolution has been crushed
WASHINGTON. Dec 20.— Upon repre
sentations from * interested parties the
State Department has requested the Navy
Department to have an American vessel
remain for a^ time in Venezuelan waters
to give support to any representations
that United States Minister Loomis may
have to make the Venezuelan Government'
in respect to the : conflicting; asphalt -con
cessions in that country. ; •. -
When "Mr. Loomis was in Washington
last fall he conferred at length with the'
State Department officials respecting some
of the American concessions, notably
those asphalt concessions and . what is
known as the Faribault concessions which
was threatened with extinguishment: on
various scores by the Venezuelan Govern
ment. •' "I >"•-"' ¦^¦¦¦. ':¦•>:?,
The vessel selected far' this mission 'is
the historic. Hartford,- which,- under com
mand of Captain 'Hawley, has been cruN
ing In the: West Indies and. In. the Carib
bean Sea with a l training; crew 1 aboard,
fihe Ib now at La Gua.yra, Justvwhere she
Is wanted to meet the Minister's demands.
NETT YORK, Dec. 20.— L. O. Burnham,
the second vice president of the United
Fruit Company, has contracted, through
their brokers, Bennett. "Walsh & Co.. for
six new steamers to meet th« require
ments of their foreign trade, and has
also, through Bennett, Walsh- & Co., char
tered, these steamers for four years, with
options. These steamers are to be from
2000 to 3000 tons cubic capacity for cargo,
and will be fitted especially for carriage
of perishable • cargo of -fruit, as well as
general cargoes, .and will be fully pro
vided with electric lights throughout, and
every -modern device • for • the rapid
handling of fruit and general cargo. Ele
gant passenger accommodations * for
twenty-four to thirty passengers will be
furnished; saloons, staterooms, social
hall, smoking room, etc.,: to be placed
amidships on the upper deck, with extra
large : staterooms to meet the require
ments of tropical trade, and all the con
veniences found in modern trans-Atlantic
liners. \ J: . • - . j '¦„: .
The contracts call for an average speed
of fourteen knots per hour at sea, loaded.
The vessels will be ready for' delivery
next fall and will immediately enter into
the different trades to which they will be
assigned. The United Fruit Company, at
the present time own or have under char
ter between sixty and seventy steamships,
and every modern device up to date as to
Improvement in passenger service and the
r^pid and safe handling of cargoes, ¦which,
"on account "of their perishable nature,
makes speed the all-essential feature in
these steamers .has been very carefully at
tended to. Names have been decided upon
for four of the vessels, and will be given
them at their launching, viz: The Pres
ton, Taunton. Brighton and Beacon." The
Preaton is now building at the Bergen
Mekaniske yard, Bergen, Norway . and
will be a spar-deck steamer, with dimen
sions of 260 by 38 by 25. The Taunton la
being built at Atkweiselskabe, Burmister
and Wain, Uskln-Og K. B. Co., Copen
hagen. She will be a spar-deck steamer,
with dimensions of 227 by 32 by 23:9. The
Brighton and Beacon are being built' at
Akersmekanlsk Vaekersted, Christian!*,
and will be partial awning deck steamers
with dimensions of 227 by 31:6 by IS. The
two unnamed vessels will be spar-deck
steamer*, 260 by 88 by 25 feet, and are now
In course of construction at Craig's ship
building yards, Toledo, Ohio. .
Heavy Atlantic Malls. £>£«••:'
The North German Lloyd steamer
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse arrived to-day
with 690 cabin and 641 steerage passengers
and an unusually heRvy mall. The pos
tal clerks on board report that th« num
ber of letters handled during the' voyage
was 275.000. There • were 5829 registered
letters, making 2276 sacks of -mall.- The
postage on about ' 40.000 letters was* In
sufficiently prepaid. The receiving, check
ing and opening of this amount of mall,
together with I the separating and regis
tering, required the constant work of
four clerks and two assistants for eleven
hours each day of the steamer's' voyage: -
The steamship Majestic, now on her
way from across the Atlantic, carries the
largest mall, it Is said, that ever left this
port on a vessel. . Tho Majestic .will not
arrive on the other side until the day af
ter -Christmas, but she carried 2328 bags
of mall and 114 sacks containing 18,948 reg
istered packages. . ,
Philip Memorial Fund. . -, .-
Almost $17,000 has been contributed
toward the Admiral Philip memorial fund,
named in memory of the famous comman
der of the Texas and later commandant
of the Brooklyn Navy-yard. . It Is hoped
the fund may amount to at. least $50,000.
The income of th« fund is to go to Mrs.
Philip as long as she lives,. and after her
death it will be devoted to th© mainten
ance of the naval branch of the. Young
Men's Christian .Association in Brooklyn,
a work in which Admiral Philip was deep
ly interested. ' /
Calif ornlans la New Tortc •
; The following • Calif ornlans are In New
York: From San Francisco," Q. Bronner,
at Manhattan : E. H. • Buckman, • at Impe
rial ; ; .W. . B. Drown and : wife .at Park
Avenue; J.D. Harvey and wife,, at Hol
land; R. J. J Jose and wlfe.at Gllaey; J. A.
Wiles, at -Grand Union; F.;L, Orcntt at
Manhattan; E. J. Wilson and wife at
Holland; W. Jayley Jr. of Los Angeles,
Six New Vessels Ordered by
the United Fruit
Company. \
STEAMSHIPS FOR
FOREIGN TRADE
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Dec. 2O.-Harry
Corson Clarke, the actor, had the alter
native to-day, on his arrival from Stock
ton, of either retracting the 'statements
he was said to have made early In the
year against Madeleine Brugulere, for
merly of his' company, or being horse
whipped by R. T. McKisick. the brother at
the lady mentioned.
The trouble which culminated to-day In
an absolute retraction in. writing on the
part of Clarke, dates back to his last
year's season on the road with "What
Happened to Jones." Miss Brugulere
who; In private life. Is Mrs. Pedar Bru
gulere, was a member of Clarke's com
pany, and, shortly after leaving San
Francisco, trouble arose between the com
edian and the members of his company.
Madeleine Bruguiere, Cecelia Castelle
Ida Banning and Mlnetta Barrett all left
Clarke's company- within a few days in
the month of February' last, and, in Inter
views had with Clarke, he was alleged to
have made certain statements reflecting
on the behavior of Madeleine Brugulere
and other ladies of the company. Among
the statements attributed to Clarke were
those in which he asserted that his wife
could, not associate with the ladles of the
company, that Mlas Bruguiere and Miss
Plunkett had been guilty of smoking
cigarettes in public, and that they had
purloined spoons from hotels at which
they had stopped.
The ladles Indignantly denied the accu
sations alleged to have been made by
Clarke, and their version of the trouble
in the company was that the actor was
suffering from a severe case of self-ad
mlratlon
Young McKlslck stated last February
that the first time he met Clarke he would
make him retract the reflections made
against his sister, and to-day won a com
plete victory over the actor.
When the train pulled Into the depot
here from Stockton, McKisick was In
waiting, and as soon as Clarke alighted
from the cars a wordy war arose between
the two men. The driver of the hotel
omnibus induced the parties to settle the
matter at the hotel, and Clarke and Mc-
Klslck proceeded to take the driver's ad
vice. McKisick, it is said, was prepared
to horsewhip the actor if the retraction
was not forthcoming. Clarke is eaid to
have compiled with the request when he
found that the young .attorney meant
business. McKisick refuses to discuss the
matter.
Harry Corson Clarke was seen to-night
after the performance at the Clunle
Opera-house. He said that the story to
which McKlslck took exception was tele
?xaphed from Kansas City to certain Cali
ornia newspapers and represented him
as using offensive language toward Mrs
Brugulere, sister of a Sacramento lawyer'
and at that time one, of the members of
his company. Clarke denied positively to
night that he ever made use of the lan
guage attributed to him, and that as a
matter of fact his wife. and Mrs. Bru
gulere are close friends. He said that
when McKislck met him at the depot to
day he was- considerably excited and at
his suggestion McKislck followed him. to
the hotel, where the Interview was-re
sumed. , >,
Clarke says that when, McKlslck left
he appeared to be'satisfled with the ex
planation. He says he does not know
how the story from , Kansas City origi
nated unless It was made .up by some
enemy, and that he did not see It until he
ran across a California newspaper con
taining it some time later.
ACTOR CLARKE
MAKES AMENDS
Brother of Mad. line Bru
guiere Prepares to Horse
whip the Thespian.
. ARLISLE, Pa,, Dec. 20.— In reply to
' ([¦ . ¦71 a protest from Bishop Francis H.
It . Hill of the African Methodist
J^te^ Episcopal Church Major Richard
"'.- • / } H. Pratt, superintendent of the
Carlisle Indian School and an officer in
the Tenth (colored) Cavalry, has written
to Bishop Hill defending his assertions
as to the benefits of slavery for the negro.
Major Pratt last week delivered an ad
dress before the Cumberland County
Teachers' Institute in which he spoke of
slavery as having been the means of de
veloping the negro race and bringing it
into a beneficial contact with civilization.
On the appearance of a report of his ad
dress Bishop Hill, who lives at Harrta
burg, addressed a vigorous letter to the
major, demanding to know on what
grounds he Justified negro slavery.
Major Pratt in his reply said:
"What I said was that slavery had
brought 10.000,000 blacks from the torrid
PRATT SAYS SLAVERY
IMPROVED THE NEGROES
Major Declares It Was the Bridge That Car
ried Colored Men From African Jungles.
MAJOR RICHARD H. PRATT. AN OFFICER OF THE TENTH UNITED
STATES CAVALRY. "WHO DECLARES THAT SLAVERY HAS BEXE
, FITED THE COLORED RACE.
zone into this enlightened country, taught
them a new language and prepared them
by association for citizenship. I am be
ginning to question whether freedom for
your people in the United States l» going
to be such a boon to you and the United
States.
"We blame the people of the South for
•Jim Crow' cars. The United States
makes a constitutional amendment that
there shall be no distinction 'on account
of race, color or previous conditions of
servitude.' Then Congress immediately
legislates that there shall be two regi
ments of cavalry and two of Infantry
made up entirely of colored men.
. "You certainly have uo grounds to quar
rel with slavery unless you regret being
transplanted from the jungles of Africa
and your low estate there to the citizen
ship, freedom and Intelligence in th*
United States you now enjoy, for slavery
was the bridge that carried you over, and
there was not and Is not another bridge
equal to that job.">
LONDON, Dec. 20.— So many expectant
American heirs of vast fortunes supposed
to be held In the English Court of Chan
cery are being fooled by unscrupulous
agents that the Americaji embassy matle
a formal request to the court for a state
ment cf unclaimed property ra which
Americans might b£ Interested. The
court sent to Mr. Choate an odcial state
ment showing the absurdity of American
expectations. The court holds a total of
$200,000,000 • worth of property, of which
J180.00o.000 ts designated trusts for ward*
in chancery and Known heirs of estates
In process of adjudication. leaving a bal
ance of $X>,000,000 open for claim. But a
large part of the latter is already claimed
and only awaiting a decision of the court
for settllr.g. Most of these unclaimed
estates are very small, only one beim;
more than half a million. A coterie of
claim agents in London has been living
off the contributions of American heirs
fcr many years.
Conspiracy of Bourbons.
A Madrid special says: Durirsr the dis
cussion In the Senate of the royal messajj
announcing the marriage in the near fu
ture of the Princess of the Asturiaa. heir
ess presumptive to the throne, with Prince'
Charles, second son of the Count of
Caserta. Senor Ortega, a Republican,
raised a storm of protest by recalling th?
conspiracy of the Bourbon Princes against
other Bourbon royalists, which he fearel
this marriage would have a tendency to
renew. Amid insults from all parts of tho
house the speaker waa finally called to
order.
Title of Royal Highness.
A Cettinje (Montenegro) special says:
Voyeverde B0J0 Petrovitch Xlegoch. presi
dent of the Montenegrin Council of Min
isters and Minister of the Interior, In the
presence of the members of the Council
of State, the Cabinet and the diplomatic
corps, formally requested Prince Nicho
las, as a sign of the gratitude of the peo
ple of MontenegTO for his beneficent reign
to accept the title ''Royal Highness."
Prince Nicholas accepted, expressing hi*
thanks, and referred to the presence of
the diplomats as a sign of the friendship
of the European states for Montenegro.
Spread of a Dock Strike.
A special from Antwerp sa.ys: It Is now
estimated that there are 13.000 men on
strike. Including coal porters and sailors,
who have joined the dock laborers. Most
of the Imported laborers have been In
duced to Join the union*. '
Prominent Official Arrested.
A special from Potsdam say»: Council
or of Commerce Sanden. recently a dl ¦
rector of the Prussian Hypotheken Aktlen
Bank, was arrested to-day and confined la
the Moabit prison.
Statement of TJnclaimed Property
Shows That Many Dupes Ar«
Yet Being Found in.
America. . \ .
Agents Who Make Money
Prom Claimants of Myth
ical Fortunes.
ESTATES IN THE
CHANCERY COURT
SAN JOSE. Dec 20. — Another stay ha*
been granted the attorneys of Jack Or
tega, who received a life sentence for
criminal assault on Grace Gamble, an 11
year-old girl, and the matter wfil bo
taken to the Supreme Court. The fifteen
days* stay formerly gt anted expired to
day and the Sheriff was preparing to tak»
Ortega to San Quentin. Just what th*
grounds of appeal will be Ortega's attor
neys refuse to state.
Stay for Ortega.
New Possessions Within
the Jurisdiction of the
Instrument
Counsel for Plaintiffs in Philippine
Case Holds That the Islands
Are Part of the United
. States.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 20.— The closing
argument in the Philippine and Porto R!co
cascr. v.as made in the Uri:ied States Su
preme Court to-day, and the cases were
submitted for the final adjudication of
the court. As the Government's case had
been closed' by the- Attorney General, it
remained onlj to hear the senior counsel
in the PhU.ppine case/ Charles. H. Aidrlch
of Chicago, former Solicitor. General, who
had one and a half hours remaining of the
five hours given to the plaintiffs.
Mr. A.drich had before him the ,plaln
tlft's brief and a ' voluminous portfouo of
nou's, but he spoke Ireely, with only cc
caj.onal references to them. At me out
set he sad he would confine h-mseif.
largely to legal argument, following the
Attorney GentTal's points and setking io
meet mchi, althougr. 'he regarded much
thai the- Attorney oeneia. hau presented
as irrc-.cvawt. .. ' ¦'.
He first directed his attention to the
clrt^n.c-iancec under which the Govern
ment, came into existence; the struggle
for liberty and the American protest
against England's assertion of the taxing
power over the American colonies. : yVjtii
this history before us, he said, it "was a
remarkable fact that the Attorney Gen
eral of the United States, over 100 years
after the. great struggle which founded
the :American Government.:; should come
into this court and assert a taxing power
more extreme than had been asserted by
the most ardent defenders of England's
taxing power over the colonies.
Mr. Aldrich spolte of the decision of
Justice Marshall In - Loughborough vs.
Blake as of decisive importance,: and he
summed up * that decision as bearing on
the present conditions as follows: .• . \ -
That the power to tax." levy duties,' etc', ex
tends" to the entire United States. .
That the term "United States" embrace*
"our.,ffreat republic, which Is composed of
States and. Territories." . .
That "It 'Is .not' -leas : necessary, 'on the* prin
ciples of our constitution, that uniformity in
the lmpocltlon of Imposts, duties and- exclsee
should be observed-ln the one than the other."
It follows from the above that the rights and
obligations of the territory thus a part of ths
United States and the inhabitants are measured
and tested by the constitution. . ¦ " ;- -. =. •
As to the contention that the Philippine*
were not a part of the United States, Mr.
Aldrich said:
If the Islands ceded by Spain are foreign
territory, then our country would have as its
commercial representatives the foreign Consuls,
who would perform the requisite official act*
prescribed by our customs laws regarding ship
ments or merchants from any of these Islands
to any part of the United States. If the Islands
are not American territory, they must still be
Spanish, for It Is not pretended that any other
nation foreign to the United States has ac
quired any sovereignty over them. m>r Is it
pretended that the Philippine ¦ Islands, In the
eye of international law, occupy the statue of
an independent nation.
The Attorney General's interpretation
of the word "sovereignty," Mr. Aldrich
said, was that this Government had a
right to do what any other nation does.,
This word had become most popular since
we entered upon a colonial policy. But,
Mr.". Aldrich declared, the sovereignty of
the -United States was one exercised
under the constitution, and if we are- in
the Philippines or. Porto Rico it is be
cause of the powers given by the consti
tution. ¦ *; .
Justice "White interposed a question
when Mr. Aldrich referred to the Ameri
can protest against British "taxation
without representation."
Would this mean, the Justice asked.
that Congress could not tax the new pos
sessions, until they, were represented in
Congress? . ; :•--.. ¦ ,
Mr. Aldrich said that it did not go that
far and it was sufficiently answered In
the case of Loughborough versus Blake.
- Mr. Aldrich said he entered a protest
against-: the use of Jefferson's name in
support of the proposition that the United
States can acquire and hold territory in
definitely. It was settled beyond ques
tion that Jefferson himself had not .re
garded the Louisiana purchase as consti
tutional, and believed that a constitution
al amendment was necessary.
Justice Gray asked his first question at
this point. Inquiring if counsel held thnt
the Louisiana acquisition was unconsti
tutional.
Mr. Aldrich answered that he did not so
hold, but that Mr. Jefferson had so held,
and the arguments of that day showed
how political Influences affected final re
sults.
Justice Brown asked If it was safe to
base Judicial action on the arguments of
contemporary politicians. <
"I think not." answered Mr. Aldrich.
"and I refer to them only, because they
occupy three-fourths of the brief of the
Attorney General.".
I In speaking of executive action Mr.
Aldrich referred to President McKlnley's
message stating -that it was "our plain
duty to abolish all customs tariffs be
tween the United States and Porto Rico."
Justice Shiras asked if .the . President
was then speaking of the duty of Con
gress.
Mr. Aldrich said he supposed the Presi
dent meant the duty of the nation.
Justice Harlan also asked if the treaty
power could go beyond the fourteenth
amendment to- the constitution, to which
Mr. Aldrich answered that treaties could
not override the- constitution.-
After citing Mr. Mansfield's opinion on
the limitation of the power of the King
and Parliament, Mr. Aldrich said:
"It is a startling proposition that a
power denied to- Parliament as inconsist
ent with liberty and "consonant only with
tyranny belongs to the Congress of the
United States in one case and to the
President thereof in another; that a
power the assumption of which Justified
the rebellion and prolongation of bitter
war to resist; is practically served In the
very government established as the re
sult of such resistance; that our fore
fathers denied an omnipotent Parliament
to decree an omnipotent .Congress: that
what- was: tyranny to them in 1765-78 is
less than tyranny now."
FTXLXER'S VOICE Iff AT DECIDE.
.'Mr.; AldHch closed with an elaborate
reference to the work of our forefathers,
¦which .•was not. for their day, but for all
time. As soon as he finished the court
turned to other cases, after: allowing
counsel in the Porto Rico case ten dayi
to file a further brief.
i WASHINGTON, Deo. 20.— In Congres-
Blonal circles the belief Is freely expressed
that at this stage the. Supreme Court
of the United-^ States is widely di
vided on the Porto Rican and Philippine
tariff cases, and that the decision will
ultimately be left to Chief Justice Ful
ler. ¦ Thus the court would stand • either
five to four or four to five on the Gov
ernment's contention.'
The administration professes to be very
confident that the decision will be in fa
vor- of the • continuance of its policy. Its
followers in Congress, however, have had
their confidence rudely-shaken by the at
titude of Benjamin Harrison and Grover
Cleveland, both of whom have great
•weight with the, Supreme Court, and by
the fact that Attorney General Griggs,
during his argument on Wednesday, was
faced, with apparently hostile questions
by Justices Brewer, Harlan, . White and
Brown. , ¦'r. l h&&kh*W 1 Q&0^KfrVfl*^M&l&M
It is recalled that President Harrison
appointed Justices Brewer, Shiras and
Brown - and \, President Cleveland ap
pointed Justices Fuller, White and Peck
ham. While no one expects that any of
theae. Judges ¦ will be influenced, by.- the
opinions < entertained '¦¦ by former Presi
dents it" Is nevertheless an interesting
fact , that the : friends, of the administra
tion,; who grasp at every straw Indicating
that Attorney , General Grlgrgs' contention
will be sustained, are pointing? out as sig
nificant the grouping of the Porto Rican
case and the 'Philippine case together. >
. This was • done ' by Chief Justice Fuller
at , the .request' of the Attorney General
The Porto Rican case is not regarded as
a '.very strong one. whereas the 'Philippine
case gave I the Government I a great deal
of concern. : The friends : of the adminis
tration ' are \ now .; arguing .that the com
bination of ; these cases will rise . in the
decision in favor of the ¦_ Government - on
the t general principle that the chain is
only ¦ as ; strong :: as \ its ; . weakest tlink,-- and
in this - case ' the '.weak . link Is the Porto
Rican case. .
CONSTITUTION
IS APPLICABLE
PROFESSOR FRYE SCORES
AMERICAN GOVERNMENT
Advises the Cuban People to Drive Out and
Resist All Foreign Foes.
THE SAN FRANGISGO CAP, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21; 1900.
PROFESSOR FRYE, SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS IN
CUBA. WHO GIVES SOME SENSATIONAL ADVICE TO THE NATIVES
OF THE "GEM OF THE ANTILLES."
Violent Death of M. P. S-weet.
; M. P. Sweet, a well known milkman. 54
years old, residing at 1615 Folsom street,
died yesterday morning: In the German
Hospital from the effects of a fall down
stairs at his home last Monday.
at the Imperial; E. F. -Harvey of San
Jose, at the Grand' Union.
LIVELY DEBATE OCCUBS.
Montana Senatorial Case Causes
Spirited Colloquies.
"WASHINGTON, I>ec 20.— A spirited de
bato was precipitated in the Senate over
the resolution of Chandler to discharge
the Committee on Contingrent Expenses
from further consideration of the-resolu
tion authorizing an investigation of the
Montana Senatorial case. The exchanges
between the advocates and opponents of
the resolution took a political turn and
resulted In some lively colloquies. No ac
tion upon the resolution was taken.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
CONTINENTAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. DJ THE STATE OF SEW
York, on the ««t day of December. A. D..
1899. and for the year ending- on that day, as
mad* to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
Btate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and (11 of the Political Code,
condensed aa per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner: ~ -*. "
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up tn *
e»*h .o.MO.ooo no
ASSETS.
Real Estate, owned by company.... Jl. 106. 250 »
Loans on bonds and mortgages ¦ 73.719 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 7,400.730 nrt
Cash In company's office 4.781 43
Cash In banks 4S3.3S7 31
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks- and loans 84W9 U
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 1.344 S7
Premiums In due course of collec-
tion T 536,939 J.I
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks KS.SC3 S3
Rents due and accrued................ i s«4 42
'
Total assets $9.ST9.S(») S3
LIABILITIES. ~ ~~~
Losses in proce«s of adjustment or
in suspense $2W.r3 rr
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 34 173 <xj
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less, S2.344.&7 53; re-
insurance SO per cent : 1.17Z313 7*
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year. S5.288.670 77- -
reinsurance pro rata X795.9S7 94
Reserved for contingencies J00.000 00
All other demands against ths com-
P»»y • 1S1.9M13
Total liabilities 14.774. (63 7»
INCOME. ==
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums .: $3.t7*,073 S9
Received for interest en bonds and
mortgages 4.4a 5s
Received for interest and dividends
on bowls, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources S84.m (9
Recetved for rants .................... 15,(34 (3
Total income *4.2S1.1SS 7*
EXPENDITURES.
Ket amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $351,278 ». losses of pre-
vious rears) H274.1S CT
Dividends to stockholders 250. 1 JO 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 8K.M3 60
Paid for salaries, fe«a and Oder
charges for officers, clerks, etc S3). Ml gs
Paid for State, national . and local
taxes 118.879 11)
All other payments and expenditures 247.SM 70
Total expenditure* t4.017.449 93
Looses Incurred during the year.
fir* ixm.c3n
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net " amount of risks
written during the
year IHXS4.40© U.V».v% st
Net amount of risks
expired during: the
year 472.43S.a02 4.CS9.469 73
, Vet amount tn force
December n. 1S».... 829. 124. 137 7,633.388 t)
I- ?\£22 RE - President.
E. LANNINO. Secretary
Subscribed and sworn to befor* jn« thl» 24th
day of January. 1900. EDWARD HAIOHT
Notary Public
GEORGE E. KLINE, General Mgr.
Chicago. HI.
J. D. MAXWELL CO., General A£t.
421 California Street.
D. W. GRAVES, State Aftent,
mmi »_,. J , J * R - W1L BUR. Surveyor,
MflU Bonding, San Franc Isxo. Cal.
MU. T. HESS.
I HOT AST rCBMO AM» ATTOaSir-AT-LATT.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Clan. Sprtckeis Bids,
»-'...' Telephone Brown 331.
Residence. 821 California st, below Pow«!L
San Francisco.
A T> v HiTt.TTR'KTST'WM 'I'M, . ,
Rupture Cure Free.
Home Method That Restores No
Matter How Bad the Case.
Welcome Advice From a Well
Known New York Specialist
A prominent specialist in th« cure of rupture
has written a booh on the subject and tells how
any ¦nnTerer can curs himself at home at engirt
expense. And the best of It is that he has pub-
liehed this book for free distribution. Printing
, ¦• ' MR. P. It. WTI*LET.
Is. newadays. ench a rapid art that it doesn't
cost a great deal to get out a neat book and
give It away. • The book Is written by Dr. W.
B, Rice, 415 I* Main St., Adams, N. T., and try
rr.erely sending your name and address tat win
mail yon a copy free of all cost. The portrait
above is that of Sir. TF. L. Wllley, Shelton.
•Wash., wno was cured of rupture by Dr. Rica.
Mr. Wllley says: "I sent to Dr. Rlc« for one .of
his books on rapture and found It very valu-
able. Th« Information therein was the first
real knowledge I had ever reoerred that could
convince me that rapture was a curabl* mal-
ady. I nsad th« home treatment and am glad
to say that my ruptur* waa perfectly eur*d
and that I ¦¦ hare/n't had any return or noticed
any difference between the healed place and
any other solid part of ma. Z waa eared sound
and ¦well."
Readers ar» rec-aested to write at once f or
this free book. No matter If ytra are wearing
some kind of a trass that affords som* relief
send at once and learn all about the new home
cure which Dr. Rice has clearly explained and
fully illustrated. Write . to-day, and If you
know others who are ruptured ask them to
write. It contains advice that may save your
life.
If yon write at once T>r. Rlc* will send you
a trial of his method free of an cost.
t<fc*«a>^^^sV^^ "* «* %. s»l
A visit DR- JORDAN'S crut
{MUSEUM OF ANATOtlY
i £b Bamsni8t.bitfcii7a.ajr.ca.
• iMMl sp^naeTdwaSsi
4 AWSl 08.#0R0AH-f1!nrATI DISUSES
\ vWBb £>3aW>ttAtiagi Cmm and jiLm. .
# n W &sstev3£srssrx
DR.MEYERS&Cp, : ;.'-4S±
Specialist*. Disease gglf^^
and weakness of aS&£ _¥
men. Established zSjw/ -
ISO. Consultation Wvt
and private book vlfci r"~^7 VT
tree, at office or by J
malt Cures guxr- iw'kd^BSak
anteed. 731 Mar- N»(!*Eiraa
fcet street (elsvator A^VRmkB
entrance), " San JK. JPsgEmC
Call, $1 per Year
I CROCKER'S S
C POR CHRISTflAS |
s If fill! %
2I5-2I7-2I? BU5H 6T. 225-22*7 POST ST.
Traveling Dressing. Cases Traveling Bags Dress Suit Cases
Vienna Novelties High Grade Umbrellas Calendars
Fine Correspondence Papers targe Line of Novelties in Leather v
open evenings until. christma sMiss HublDard Is a Suc
cessful Mrs. Smith.
FRIENDS PREPARE
TO WELCOME HER
Secretary Long 'Asks Construction
Board's Opinion Anent Law Af
frctingiThis Coast
-. WASHINGTON, Dec 20.— Secretary
Long . has returned to the Board -;of Con
struction its report on the distribution. of
contracts for. projected battleships i and
armored, 'cruisers., He has asked the board
topresent; its opinion as to whether the
law ;does not "'direct: him to award one
sheathed battleship "to Pacific Coast
bidders. . v .-I -¦ . ; -¦ . ,
. .The law directs. the" construction 1 of one
on 'the Pacific .Coast, T provide*?. Its cost Is
not "4 per cent above the lowest accepted
bid for, other battleships or cruisers.". ,
. , It may, be necessary, for the department
to readvertlse for: bids for three sheathed
battleships, v- : v ,
" Secretary Long has informed represen
tatives ;of the Cramps and ; Newport News
Company of 'the ,¦ recommendation of ' the
board In their favor, and invited ¦ them to
consider -- the ~ acceptance ? of 'contracts
within the limit of cost fixed by Congress.
A; similar invitation; wlir.be extended to
the Bath : Iron
• The brow of a" hill 'may not be wrinkled,
but it Is 'often furrowed. '
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec. 20.— Roy Fol
ger, the four-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs.
J.A.FoIger of the Waterman ranch, was
accidentally . smothered last night. The
child- was- in bed with his parents, and
some time during the night crawled down
beneaththe covers. . Upon awakening this
morning the father and mother were hor
rified to find their baby dead. Dr. Mac-
Kechner was summoned, but death had
resulted . probably several -hours -before
daylight. Coroner Wesley -Thompson was
notified and held an inquest. The Jury re
turned a verdict of accidental death.
.... -. . ~-« , ..-¦-»
MAY READVERTISE ~ FOR
'»-¦ ; BIDS ON BATTLESHIPS
Child Smothered.
SACRAMENTO. Dec 20.— To-night one
of a gang of big boys gave a colored boy
named George ,• King a , pipe filled ':'. with
powder; over : which : . was a thin layer of
tobacco. ; As : soon * as , King > ' touched a
match to the pipe the powder flashed up.
burned his face,- singed his eyebrows and
Injured his eyes. bo severely that he had
to ; be - led to ,the Receiving Hospital for
treatment.;; V . ; " v '¦
¦ ... ¦
CAVALRY HAS SHARP
BRUSH .WITH INSURGENTS
At Iiimbanes Thirteen Insurgents
s -Axe Killed and Many Stores
Burned.
'WASHINGTON, Dec." 20.— The following
cablegram from Admiral Remey, giving
an account of a sharp brush - with Fili
pino insurgents," was received to-day at
the Navy Department: i
' "CAVITE, • Dec 20. — Bureau of Naviga
tions-Washington: -Fifteen troopers.'
Fourth - Cavalry, and five of the crew
\/tre landed from the gunboat Basco yes
terdav at • Llmbanes, Cavite province.
Surprised eighty insurgents: sharp -skir
mish half hour; thirteen insurgents killed;
twelve r rifles captured; large ..amount
stores destroyed: one soldier wounded.
v l ,,.. , - REMEY."
Cru*l Practical ' Joke.
ROCKEFELLER TO RUN
A BIO STOCK EANGE
Negotiating for the Purchase of One
Htindred and Forty Thousand
Acres of 'Land.
WICHITA. Kans.. Dec. 20.— It Is re
ported here that Frank Rockefeller of
Cleveland, Ohio, i3 negotiating for the
purchase of 140,000 acres of land In Klowa
and Clark counties, with a view to stock-
Ing it with horses and high-grade cattle,
fcheep and hogs, especially horses, for
whlca he sees a proritable future. The
land is along Cedar Creek, the fastest
tunning water in the State and which is
fed by a great many springs, many of
them of an artesian character. ¦ At pres
ent he owns the land on both sides of the
creek for over seven miles, but the area
is too small for his plans. He has but
few horses on his ranch, but they have
so - demonstrated the adaptability of the
country for giving bone and wind to their
kind that Mr. Rockefeller is anxious to
experiment on a larger scale.
LOXDOX. Dec 21.— A dispatch to the
Morning, Post from .Peking says it is re
ported German troops visited Lung Ching
last Saturday and shot sixty Imperial sol
diers who were engaged in suppressing
Boxers at that .place. ' They also shot
thirty other persons and took 200 prison
ers. The prisoners were subsequently re
leased on the magistrate's appeal and in
consideration - of., the payment of 20,000
taels. It is also said the Germans looted
many houses and rfhops. The expedition
was contrary to the understanding that
no measures of the kind were to be taken
pending, negotiations.
Much of the country is defenseless be
cause Chinese troopa are not allowed to
do anything. Foreign troops; are absent
or engaged in looting.
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee has
failed to secure accord by a Just and dis
criminating", policy and the Germans on
many grounds are gaining .worse reputa
tations for. severity, than even the Rus
sians ever 3 had. '
A dispatch from Peking, dated Wednes
day. December 19, says the situation
throughout the province is rapidly grow
ing worse and is causing grave anxiety.
The dispatch adds that unless a definite
system of government is speedily Installed
a recrudescence of the anti-foreign out
breaks is confidently, predicted. The pres
sure of. winter to be felt by. the
people, who are also suffering on account
of the blackmail levied by the native em
ployes of the.allies. for which the'for
eigners are blamed. A number of desper
adoes imprisoned. at Sanchowfu by Gen
eral Mel. whom the Germans released, are
now hurrying to the. Chili-Shantung bor
der, burning houses, murdering and pil
laging. . •. .
Shoot Sixty Chinese Soldiers
and ; Thirty Other ;
Parsons.
Special Dispatch 'to The Call.
WANTON CRUELTY
BY THE GERMANS
The court expects to have all evidence
collected by Saturday evening, but judg
ing by the large number of witnesses ex
pected to be called there may be an ad
journment until after the holidays.
The name of former Cadet John E.
Breth of Altoona, Pa., who. it Is alleged,
died eighteen months ago as a result of
brutal hazing at the West Point Military
Academy, waa associated with that of. Os
car L. Booz In the inquiry to-day.
Superintendent Mills emphatically de
nied that Breth was Injured while here,
and said to-day that the assertions to
that effect were absolutely false. In refu
tation of the statement made by Cadet
Booz's father. Congressman Phillips of
Cleveland. Ohio, sent a telegram to Su
perintendent Mills of the academy deny
ing that he #ver came to West Point for
the purpose of protecting his son. Cadet
Burt W. Phillips, from being hazed. This
was submitted to the court, and by direc
tion of the court it was attached to the
record. ' ¦ ¦
TVEST POINT, N. T., D«c. 20.— The mil
itary court of inquiry, composed of Gen
erals Brooke, Bates and Clous, got
through a mass of evidence to-day, and
to-morrow the cadets of the first class,
among whom are Frank Kellar, who
fought Booz, and some of the men who
saw the contest, will be examined.
Cadet Who Fought the Hazed
Student to Giv« Evi
dencB.
BOOZ'S OPPDNEHT
IS TO TESTIFV
PROMINENT among the clever
people whom Broadhurat has sent
here to produce his ; delightful
comedy "Why Smith Left Home'-'
¦ , at the A! ham bra * Saturday night
and all next week «s Rose Hubbard', the
, beautiful young woman who made such
an impression upon San Francisco • thea
tergoers when the piece, was produced j at
the Columbia last season. *
Miss Hubbard is a niece of T. H.Good
man of this city, genera! passenger agent
of the Southern Pacific Railroad, and has
a large circle of friends In this city.. who
are planning to give her a warm welcome
at her forthcoming; appearance at the
Alhambra. The talented young actress Is
under a five-year contract with Broad
hurst to play the part of Mrs. Smith; in
"Why Smith Left Home," two -years of
which remain unexpired. r Such an extend
ed contract Is something unusual in the
theatrical business.-?- «•—'-• - — --- • -
MOB OF LYNCHEBS IS
FOELED BY SHERIFF
Attempt to Hang , a Negro Is ¦• De
feated and State Troops Are
Called. ; >;
DALLAS, Tex., Dec 20.— At the "• trial' at
Corsicana of Andrew Morris, -- a negro
charged with the murder of the- wife? of
J.L. French, a. white farmer, a mob led
by the dead, woman's husband "attempted
to take the prisoner from the courtroom
and lynch him. The Sheriffs : force saved
the- prisoner.% . Governor : Sayers was -ap
pealed to and a company of State Militia
is now guarding- the prisoner,- courthouse
and the Jail. - :
Killed by, a Fall.
FRESNO. Dec.'20.—S..Stimson.' a la
borer on the San-Ricardo vineyard, 'five
miles from Fresno.- fell; from "z a farm
wagon he was "driving on the. ranch- thit
evening and .was Instantly killed,. his neck
being broken. The dead man was 54 years
of age.
MISS ROSE HUBBARD. SHE
WILL APPEAR; AT * THE AL
HAMBRA THEATER.
was decided that a display of fruit in Los
Angeles would be more beneficial than an
exhibit In San Francisco. The ? secretary
was instructed to take steps, to have 'the
Tulare county fruit exhibit transferred
from San Francisco to Los Angeles. ~
Exhibit to Be Moved.
VISALIA. Dec. 20.— At a meeting of the
Board of Trade of this city last night it
James J. Sill, President of Great
Northern, Secures a Transcon
tinental Hallway System.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20. —The Press will
say to-morrow: J. Plerpont Morgan has
passed as the dominant factor in the
transcontinental railroad situation. Wil
lie K. Vanderbllt's plan of a line from
one coast to the other is sleeping.' But
out of the West 'comes' James 'J. H>',
practical railroad man, president of tne
Great Northern, director of the Baltimore
and Ohio, director In the Erie, to evolve
and accomplish practicaly a line of rail
road to begin at the Atlantic and stop
at the Pacific Coast.
To-day it became known in Wall street
that Mr. Hill and his associates had ac
quired absolute control of the Northern
Pacific, a property formerly controlled by
Mr. Morgan and his associates. . It was
announced semi-ofnclally that there would
be a readjustment of Northern Pacific
Issues, and that probably the common
shares, as well as the preferred stock,
might be retired. , r *
Such a readjustment is . contemplated
enly that Mr. Hill mi^ht float In Europe,
among foreign ho'ders of the Great
Northern, the neve- securities issued by
the Ncrthern Pacific, a competing' and
parallel line.
All tnat now remains to perfect ur.der
one management an east and west rail
line— the part watt; aad part rail line Is
complete — is a link between Chicago and
St. Paul. Yesterday Wisconsin Central
rose on the theory that this l:ne might be
the cne that HH1.« Morgan and their
friends might buy to supply the missing
Teachers in Session.
FUESNO. Dec. 20.— The San Joaquln
Valley Teachers* Association held the
opening session of Its third annual meet
ing to-day, about 400 teachers being pres
ent from all parts of the valley. C. J.
Walker. City Superintendent "of Tulare,
presided, and George Cosgrave of this city
delivered the address of welcome. The
principal speakers to-day were President
David -Starr Jordan, of Stanford Univer
sity. President Stubbs of Nevada Univer
sity and Professor T. L. Heaton of Berke
ley. The visitors were entertained In the
Barton Opera-house this evening by Fres
no citizens. -, .¦¦-.•
GAINS CONTROL OF
THE NOETHEBN PACIFIC
upon the treaty Itself, resulting as fol
lows:
Ayes— 'Aldrich, Allison, Bacon, Beveridge,
Burrows. Carter, Chandler, Clay. Cullom, D«
boe, Dlllln&ham, Elkihs. Fairbanks. Foraker,
Fester. Fry*. Gallinger. Kale. Hanna. Hana
brcugh. Harris, Hawley, Hear. Jones <Xev.),
Kenny, Lindsay, Lodge, SIcBride, McComas,
McCuraber. McEnerj", ilcLaurln, McMillan,
Mallory. Morgan. Nelson. Penrose. Perkins,
Pettue, Platt <N. r.). Prltchard, Proctor.
Quarles, Scott. Shoui*. Spooner. Stetrart. Sulll
ran. Tallferro. Thurston, Turner. Warren. Wet
more, Wolcott— iA. • . -
Noes— Allen, Bard, Bate, Berry, Butler,
Cockrell, Culbersoa. Danlfl. Heltfeld. Keaa.
MartlnL Muon, Money. Petttgrew, Teller, TUl
mtn, Turley, Vest. Wellington— 19.
The ralrs on the treaty voted as fol
lows. tv.o Senators for the treaty being
paired with one against it. In accordance
with custom:
Depe«- and Sewell for. with' Rawllns agalnat.
Clark and Simon with Chtlton against.
DollKer and Baker for, with'Towne against.
CaCerj' and Platt (Conn.) for. with Jones
(Ark.) aralnst. ' -
Kyle absent and unpaired. He was for the
treaty, but no pair could be secured for him.
The pairs on votes on the amendment wer« a«
follows:
Chilton for. with Eimon asalast.
Rawllns for, with Depew aralnst.
Kenney for. with Sewell against.
Allen for.- with Dolllver against.
Joce» <Ark.) for, with Platt fConn.) against;
Heltfeld for, with Kyle against.
Harris for, with Clark against.'
CaSery and Baker absent and unpaired.
On Senator Bard's amendment reserv
ing the right of the United States to dis
criminate in the canal traffic— Zl ayes. 44
no*f. . -
On Senator TUlman's amendment au
thorizing defense and maintenance by the
United States— 27 ayes. 44 noes.
Senator Allen's • amendment amending
article 2 was voted down viva voce, as
was also an amendment suggested by
Senator Teller, practically striking out
&]l of article 2. '
Senator Foraker withdraw his amend
ments because they were the same as
those reported by the Committee on For
eign Relations: Senator Penrose because
practically identical with Senator Elklns.'.
and Senator Beverldge's becau«e it was
covered by the second of the committee.-
All amendments suggested were voted
oa and those of the committee adopted,
eenator Allen asked for the reading of
the treaty as amended. This request waa
oomrlied with, . and the vote was taken,
On Mr. Butler's amendment to strike
out eectlon 7 of article 2, prohibiting forti
fications—26 ayes, 44 noes. Senator Lind
say, Tiho voted against the Elklns amend
xnest, vot«d for the Butler provision.
On Mr. Mason"« amendment authorizing
the protection of the canal as the United
£t&tes may deem proper— S ayes to 44
r.oes. . •
Noes— Aldrtch. Allison, Burrowe, Carter,
Chandler. Oullctn. Deboe. tMllinirham. r«lr
bank*. Formker. Foster. Frye, Galllngrer, Hale.
K«.rr.a. Han^broush. Ka«l«>-, Hoar. Jonea
<Ner.), Llndaar. Lodge. McBride. McComu,
MsCumber. McEnery, MeLaurln. McMiJUn.
Jiorran. Nelson. Perkta«. Petto*." Plan (N.T.),
PntcJiard. Proctor. Quarle*, Scott. Sbcup,
fpooofr, f-tewart, Thurrtotx, ! 'Warren, Welling
ton, 'Wetnicre, "Wolcott— 4S.
The other amendment rollcalls were as
follows:
Senator Thurston strongly advocated
the treaty, saying that as Great Britain
governs a great portion of North America
it was rig-ht that that country should
have some consideration.
Senator L/odge. who as a member of the
Committee on Foreign Relations has pi
loted the treaty through the Senate since
the death of Chairman Da\1», lost no
time In demanding that the voting begin
when 3 o'clock arrived. The Foreign Re
lations Committee amendments were read
first. Senator Lodge himself suggested a
verbal amendment to the first of these.
adding th»» word "convention" after the
word "which," so as to make It read
"which ' convention Is hereby reversed.
He explained that "the suggestion had
b**n made that without the word it
might be construed &e appl\-ing only to
article VIII of the Clsytcn-Bulwer treaty,
whereas, he said, tt was intended to ap
ply to the entire treaty. Tne amendment
•wa* accepted " and the two committee
amendments were both accepted without
division.
The first roll call was upon Senator El
kins' amer.dment declaring that "nothing
contained in this treaty shall be c«n
etrued to prevent the T'nlted States from
acquiring at ar.y time sufficient sover
eignty over the same, to operate, defend,
fortify, protect and control said canal or
for any oth^r purpose as the United States
xr.a y deem best In its own interests."
It was lost— 3 to 45— the ballot In detail
being as follows:
Ayes— Bacca. Bard, Bate. Berry. Beveridge.
ButJer. Cl»r. Cocltrell. Culberson. Daniel. El-
Jdna. ilailory. Martin. Mascn. Koi»y. Penros*.
Pettlrrew. Sullivan. Tmiirerro. Teller, Tillman,
Town*. Turley. Turner, Vest— Z5.
Senator Gallinger spoke in defense of
the treaty a* it originally came from the
executive. Senator Wolcott said that the
original treaty would have been satisfac
tory to him. but added that he considered
the agreement as it had been and was
about t<* be amended preferable to no
treaty at all.
The S»sste was In executive session for
about an hour before the time for voting
arrived, listening to speeches by Senators
Thurston. Galllnger, Wolcott and Bard
explanatory of their attitude. Senator
Barf contended for the adoption of his
amendment giving preference to Ameri
can ship* passing through the proposed
Nicerag"uan casaL
©¦n amendments offered by iwMviaual Sen
ators and the last one on the resolution to
ratify th» treaty as amended. All the
amendments, except those offered by Sen
fitor Foraker and reported by the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations, were voted
down by majorities averaging about 19.
Tfce ratification resolution was adopted by
a vote of 54 to 1*.
Continued from First Pa^e.
NEW CANAL TREATY IS ADOPTED BY THE SENATE
THE SAN rRAN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1900.
5
Gall, $1.00 per Year.
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, on the 31st day of
December. A. D N 1899, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Iciurance
Commissioner oft the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections C10 and 611 ¦
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid tip
la Cash n.KO.000 CO
i ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... S3. 113. 533 44
Loans on Bonds and Itortffafes 1,517. 63a SI
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds oirned by Company.... 13,443,233 27
Amount of Loans secured by pledce
-of Bonds*. Stocks and other, mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 3.C7S.X94 So
Cash In Company's Office....... 8.K0 n
Cash in Banks 712.151 D
Interest due and accrued on all
, Stocks and Loans 277.CU 90
Due from other companies and from
agents J75.400 M
Premiums In due Coarse of Collec-
tion in.7nn
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks . 106.3S3 19
Rents due and accrued 5.92 93
Stamps *»...... 1.3S4 35
Reversions owned absolutely by the
Company 1.KS.SS3 SS
Total Assets tS.612.121 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and uspald '
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense US 7,141 U
Losses resisted, includlnc ez-
perses ,
Grcrs premiums . on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $ .
reinsurance 50 per cent
Oross premiums on Fire Risks ¦ 1,7TJ,»7» tl
running more ¦ than one year.
i , reinsurance pro-
LtabiUtyunder Life Department .... lS.K3.f79 tt
Bills payable M.SM OS
Cash dividends remaining- unpaid... 12.749 n
I AU other demands against the
Company 159.307 M
Total Liabilities S21.403.74a M
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premluma • • $3,543,951 S3
Net cash actually received for Life
premiums V""V MM.BJ O
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bends, Stocks, Loans and from
* all other sources........ 944,095 00
Received for Rents 47.41S SI
Received for sale of Annuities 415,(14 N
Total Income '. . SC.J45.S33 n
EXPENDITURES. — —
Net amount paid for Fire ' Losses
, (including - I . losses of pre- ¦ ¦ ' -
vious years) J1.953.KS S3
Net amount paid for Ltf s Losses
(Including i , loss of previous
years) - • U».«« 71
Dividends to Stockholders 44S.C5 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 577.7J4 It
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... ' 721.C* «J
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes v -.-. M.557M
i AH other payments and - expendi-
tures .......v 2OJ.9SS 4J
— — — —
Total Expenditures SS.199.S77 71
¦ Loaaes incurred during the year S2.OM.10j Tl
j Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks V
: -written during the
year S1.1S4.S37.1SJ S3.S45.S51 S3
Net amount of Risks
expired daring the
year 1.123.118,593 J. 454.514 U
Net amount In farce
December 31. 1SCT 7O.Kn.433 : 2.SQ.W7 n
H. J. LUBBOCK. Chalnnaa.
H. E. WILSON. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this Sth
day of April. 1900.
C J. WATTS. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
221 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CEO. F. GRANT, Manager. ,
&T/\TE7V\EINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of thi: —
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
TJUlT-fcl-D STATES BBA2TCEL
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
London Assurance
CORPORATION
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, en the Jlst day of
December. A. D. 1839. aad for the year
ending- on that day. a» made to th« Issarane*
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of wctlona (IS and C1X
«f the Political Code, condensed as per blaaic
furclshed by the Ccir.rr.iss'.oser.
ASSETS.
Caab Market Va'.u* of aU Stock* aad
Bonds otrced by Company fl.TT9.3ia B
Cash in Company's Office 1.SS3 n
Cash la B*ak» 1S2.C2 79
Interest <iue and accrued ca all
Stocks and Loana S.333 53
Premiums In due Ccorse of Collection 197.363 94
Bills recelTable, not Hi'.urei taken
for Fir* aad Marine Risks 91 79
Due from other Comsaaiss for Rs-
¦ lRsunnce on losses already paid... 1X7M SS
Total Assets .S2.341.oe3 73
| . LIABILITIES.
Losses tdjasted aad unpaid 123.133 Q
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Soapense IM.S43 S7
Loeses resisted. lnc!u<Unz; expenses.. 13.121 Z>
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks run-
ning cat year or less. (£3,03 SI; re-
Insurance SO per cent 279.713 &
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. SS31.457 51:
I reinsurance pro rata. 451.106 IS
Gross cremioais on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. I ; re-
insurance 1C0 per cent 1.133 O
Gross premiums on Marine Tlm»
Risks, I ; reinsurance 50 per
I cent 13.4S3 44
Amount reclalmable by the insured
' en perpetual Flrt laaorancs Poli-
cies 17* tt
All ether demands axalnst the Com-
; psjoy M.S3S G
Total Liabilities tm.K\ w)
IKCOMI.
N»t casn actuslly receWed for r.r»
premtusss - $8*1. S33 »
Net cash sctually recelTed for Ma-
ria* premiums 173.230 II
, Recehred for tntsrest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. I<f»n» and from
! all other socrcea..... 57.47? Q
Total tnettae — - JL 2*4. 401 81
EXFENsrnnt£9i
I Net ametxnt paid for Fire Losses (la-
cludlnr I . losses of prerlous
yean) J57H21 SG
Net amount paid for Marlae Leases
(mcludlrs I , loses of previous
y-«T8) K1.57Z U
Paid or allowed for Commlnion or
Brokence ZO.BS U
Paid for Salarte*. Fees and other
cfasxres for officers, clerks, etc.... S3.743 IS
PsJd for State. National and Local
taxes 43.SM 23
All other payments and expenditures (0.S3S SI
Total Expenditures n.241.130 C
Losses incurred durtnc tae year CTia.»13 CS
Risks and Presniums. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount ef Risks s ,
written durtce the «
yeax II15.T31.440 $374,337 »
Net amount e£ Risk*
expired (lnrin«f the
year..". n8.9SL743 J33.1TM
Net ~ amount In force
December «. n» ltl.C4.83> 1.441.CS0 U
Risks, and Premluau. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
I Net amount of Risks
i written durtnc tae
, year SUQ.yn.S43 *SO.K» «
Net amctmt of Risks
exptred durtas the
year.. - 10,07.531 S3«.m S
Net amount In force
December TL 1389 4.CW.7H t9.CS 07
CHARLES L. CASE. C. S. Manaser.
8obscrlbed and sworn to before me. this iStb
day of. Jaauary. 1300.
EMIL rRENKEU Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
221 SANSOME ST..
SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager-
i^>^r RA^OAllSI m ***r<f^s § £%£*£-*, i^letlli"*^* to-daTZt im^^\ nDPV
CJ L_^ A CinT M 3TlTY)1{l)0Tifii)fl rf^^S candy, too. for theirb. X 'T^^NaI f / TP/^ !"}
swell; to fit little chaps between the ages of % and wlj^^^^ u \ m by th© f^^ TflP
10 years; you can have it in blue twill cheviot and /feji^^^fl '^^B^^^^^HL ' f llm L *v I 11C
in fancy colorings; it's a, $o suit. .._ 7" " : ""•--.. fe'^BB^^ -{^ \\\\\ Pricm Rn^z-Q* i"^ *-i^ j a
It's yours to-day for ©f^^S^^^^^^^^^^ 'll ' 'li i^rlSCO DOyb rr^^Wf^, RS^lCttC
CEP • \3 \3 W'aWBHWBBBH^^aHhm M U . . 'IS ] 1 ! J , j 1 |l« our smart coat for young
Ui^^^Ms^^^^^^S^^SWKl^^^^ \ Tot/s of the high class MJ j!;| r , ! A*#J| men, cut extra long, uith
RAPHAEL'S onfer will be given free ; i ji j } MiM the curved Me pockets^
7^/ Notice that sweet little say: toys of the high class ji l^^^^il?^ should be a $15 overcoat;
i\y'£jtJtFj winter reefer pictured op- i ' / *' order only ; not the cheap 6^Pi§';>ff \ ]^<\\ "'^jS^ 1 '*^ *t' s f or J/oung men br-
jU;<i>! posite; . thatts a $o.50 gar- .toys, with every suit, with ' tween the ages of 1$ and. : A , GAY SEASON : Is promised i at Hotel del
Coronado, '* Coror.ado. Cal.,-; this • winter r with " a
Jolly houseful.' in expert golf tcurnamrnt, meet
ing of field, trials club.- hunting.- 1 fishing, boat
int. danclnu. etc.
It is ;. reported, that Senator.TillmanJias had'his;hair
cut extra short, but whether ; that means J)e has shorn
oft his Populism or !s, getting ready forVfight is v 'not'
dear.--. ¦. ;."-'. . • . T ::.;¦" "-¦-'.''*, ¦'-. ,
A good many Republican papers in the East arc
clamoring for an immediate'ratifkation of the various
reciprocity treaties now in the hands of the Senate,
but they might almost asSvell ask for a repudiation of
the protective system v altogether. •;. . Most * of ; the > trea
ties; promise, something -for/ the East, but have no,
reciprocal advantages for the "West
The claBs^offxplbrers whom the ungen
tle Thibetan ; turns out of his country with
more j asperityj than ?any; other la ; the nat
uralist. ; ; Before;- Slkkim 'annexed "a
man' of j science 'had beenthrough the
country < collecting specimens . of the ani
mal and vegetable, life, of the little king
dom. .'• and .-the .-¦ Thibetans now • are ¦• con
vinced , firmly that any man who 1 collects
moths is really trying to grab territory
It iis'i safer;: to- cross- into .Thibet with a
drawn-sword in." one's hand 'than T with a
butterfly net. . -. ;•»».
Opposed to Explorers.
;• LEATHER CLOTH MANTLE.
The mantle represented is of suede col
ored leather, cloth. '.It is. full behind and
curved beneath the arms. • It has two col
lars; stitched; and lapels . faced ¦ with , red
velvet.: The mantle is stitched down the
front and round. the > bottom.- ~
BY the platform adopted at Philadelphia-the Re
publican party declared last summer: "We favor
home rule for and the early admission to state
hood of the Territories of New Mexico, Arizona and
Oklahoma." In each of the Territories the people,
deem that an "early" admission should be admission
at once, and accordingly there is to-be a strong, effort
made to attain statehood as rapidly as the legal
processes can be carried through.
Of the three applicants Oklahoma has much the
best chance for eariy admission. A bill providing for
her admittance is now in the hands of the Senate
Committee on Territories, and as Senator Shoup of
Idaho, chairman of the committee, is known to be
favorable to the ambitions of that as well as of other
Western communities^ it is expected "the committee
will promptly report.' the measure and urge its adop
tion. -— -.'..¦..
The bill purposesjto make Oklahoma a State of con
siderable importance by extending her boundaries so
as to include Indian Territory. A double object is to
be served by the extension, for in addition to" aug
menting the domain and the population I of: the pro
posed new State.it will eliminate any question of the
later admission of Indian Territory as a separate State.
This feature of the bill has met with no little approval
in the , East, where the people seem to be indisposed
to admit any more Western Senators than they can
help.
- Oklahoma has good grounds upon which to claim
statehood.. Since its tands were opened to settlement
its growth and progress have been extraordinary even
in this country of marvelous developments: It has
now a population approaching 460,000, has built-up'
cities and towns and .laid the. foundations of diversi
fied industries from which much in the s way : of wealth
and prosperity can be assuredly looked .for. Neither '
Arizona nor New Mexico can make anything' like an
equal showing/and consequently the chances are they v
will have to wait some years after Oklahoma takes
her place as : the forty-sixth State -of the Union and,
has her star blazoned upon the national banner."'.
SEEKING STATEHOOD
WITH the rise of the holiday trade there has
risen in the larger cities of the East a renewed
demand for the establishment of a parcels post
system in this country similar to those operated with
so much benefit to the people in many European coun
tries. It will be remembered we have arranged for
a parcels post with several foreign nations, so that in
establishing the system for domestic use there would
be no radical innovation in ourpostoffice business.
There is now a parcels post bill before the Senate
which may possibly be taken up at this session. The
bill provides for the consolidation of the present third'
and fourth classes of mail matter, with free. delivery
in cities and in the country. where free delivery dis
tricts have been established. The rates fixed by thr
bill are: On parcels of one pound or less, 3 cents;
over one pound and not more than five, 5 cents; over
five pounds and not more than ten, 10 cents; over ten
pounds and not more than thirty, 30 cents; over thirty
pounds and up to sixty, 40 cents. The bill provides
that these rates shall be applied to bulk as well as to
weight, in the same proportion, under arrangements
to be made by the Postoffice Department. The post-
I age must be prepaid or the rate will be doubled; and
the charge includes house to house collection and de
livery wherever a wagon or car collection and deliv
j ery service has been or may be established. - In towns
j where there is only foot service the postman is not
required to carry any parcel weighing. more than five
pounds. :
Of course the advocates of the system are not
unanimous in favor of that particular, bill. It might"
; be amended and altered in minor details and still
1 prove satisfactory to the public demand. The essen
ftial-thing to be attained is to provide the people of
the United States with a safe, speedy and convenient
means of dispatching small parcels from one part of
the country to the other.
The lack of such a system imposes a heavy tax on
, every community. It is stated that in Great Britain
[nearly all sorts of purchases are sent home by mail.
In this country our merchants have to maintain a
costly system of delivery wagons, or submit to the
extortion of express companies. Persons living in theJ
suburbs out of reach of the delivery wagons are com
j pelled to take their purchases home by hand, and as
a consequence make their home journeys at the end of.
a day's work under conditions of great inconvenience.
The American people are past masters in the art
of labor saving machinery. They have devised means
and systems for economy of time and toil in almost all
directions. It is strange that in this respect
should have lagged behind Europe. It is something
I of a national reproach that our postaK administration
.should be less serviceable to the community than that
fof other nations not so! alert* as ourselves; in any re- 1
THE PARCELS POST BILL.
AMONG the Englishmen who have discussed the
Gayton-Bulwer treaty, and the attitude of our
Government in the isthmian canal affair, Sir
Charles Dilke has appeared as speaking with some
authority. He has visited the United States and in his
work. "Greater Britain," showed some study of our
institutions. Yet he says now that if President Mc-
Kinley stand firm his appeal to the people will un
doubtedly afford him support against the Senate and
nullify the attitude of that body!
This is very crass. It shows such familiarity with
the English system as to lead to the belief that ours
is like it, of course.
In England the executive, when defeated on a Gov
ernment measure in the House of Commons, may dis
solve Parliament and appeal to the people in an elec
tion. If the Government elect a majority in the new
Horse of Commons its policy, expressed in the con
tested measure, prevails. If defeated, the opposition
forms a new Ministry and takes the government.
Here there is no such process. We elect a new
House of Representatives every two years, but that
Joes not change the executive policy. For instance,
if the House to be elected in 1902 is for free trade
President Me Kinky, would not send in a message
?ss>enting to the repeal of the Dingley act. On the
oth«*r hand, he would veto a free trade measure ii
passed by the House and Senate.
This is one of the checks in our system which for
eigners find it so difficult to understand. Professor
Bryce in his "American Commonwealth" devoted
much space, very intelligently, to our system of checks
and balances provided to protect the country against
disastrous novelties and prevent a reversal of policy
by hzsty legislation. Each branch of our Congress
is a check upon the other. The Presidential veto is
a check-on both, and the Supreme Court is a final and
in&cpcndent check upon both the executive and legis>
lative branches.
The controversy over the canal treaty is in the Re
publican party. The President desires to abrogate
the Clayton- Bui wer treaty by substituting for it the
Hay-Pauncefote convention. Members of his party
adopt the ideas of the late Senator Davis, who was
chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, by im-r
porting into the treaty the principles of the treaty of
Constantinople under which the Suez canal was built.
In that treaty England secured a clause reserving the
right of Egypt to defend or fortify the canal. The
cases are not parallel, for Egypt is a vassal of Turkey
and the canal is in her territory. Nicaragua and
Costa Rica are not, our vassals, but are independent
sovereignties, and by the Davis amendment it is
sought, not to authorize them, but to empower us to
defend and monopolize the canal whenever our inter
ests may require it to be done. If we build the canal
tinder such principles it is probable that the Panama
project will be completed in order to secure a canal
that is absolutely neutral. The other commercial
powers have an interest* sufficiently large to justify
such a course. 1
During the campaign few people attached much im
portance to Senator Stewards return to the Republi
can party, but since the meeting of Congress every
body has discovered that it means a good- deal, for
there is now a fair assurance the Senate will not be
bored by another of those long-winded free silver
speeches he' has been in the habit of making.
Andrew. Jackson was not twins, but it looks now
as if the Democratic snnual feast in his honor would
show such a division between the Bryanites and the
conservatives as, to justify the conclusion that either
there were two of him or'else he led a double life.
. -¦ -~ ? „ i
Talk about reorganizing the Democratic party does
not trouble Bryan. He would just as soon make a
speech on that subject as any other, and his tongue
was not frozen when the frost struck him on election
day. -¦ ' - - ; -/ : _. . - .... ¦¦
DILKE'S ERROR.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. Stephen J. Wise of Portland Is at
the Palace.
T. J. 'Field, a Monterey banker, is stop
ping at the Palace.
General \V. "V\V Muller and wife of Fres
no are at the California.
Dr. Herman Reamer and wife of Pitts
burg are at the Grand.
A. W. Malt by", a Concord rancher, is at
the, Grand with his wife.
F. A. Hihn, banker at Santa Cruz, is
registered at the Palace. /
William McRap, manager of the North
ern Hotel at Seattle, is at the Grand.
YV. A. Junker, manager of the Del
Monte Hotel, is registered at the Palace.
William H. Hanson, an extensive lum
ber dealer at Redwood City, is at the Pal
ace.
F. H. Smyth, superintendent of the
Langtry farm, is at the Russ for a few
days.
Dr. and Mrs. L. E. Cofer of the United
States marine hospital service are at the
Occidental.
W. J. Rothschild, a London capitalist,
who has beV^i prospecting in Arizona, is
at the California. '.
W. H. Hennage, who has extensive oil
Interests in the Bakersfleld district, is
among the recent arrivals at the Russ.
W. J. Shotwell. * general agent of the
Denver and Rio Grande, leaves to-day for
Salt Lake City, where he will spend tha
holidays. -».
J. W. Adams, Pacific Coast passenger
agent of the Nickel Plate Railroad, left
last evening for Buffalo, where he will at
tend a meeting of railroad officials.
George Wi Eaton and wife of Los An
geles have taken apartments at' the Pal
ace for a few days. Mr. Eaton is a prom
inent capitalist in the southern part of
the State.
Miss Ada Mercutt of Australia, interna
tional lecturer of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, is a guest at the Pal
ace Hotel, having arrived from the scene
of her Eastern labors late on Wednesday
night. She will sail for the Hawaiian Isl
ands to-morrow on her way home. . .
A DAT IN 1SS+-P. 8. M., City. The 16th
of November, 1S84. fell on a Sunday. x
RAINFALLr-A. S., City. The rainfall in
San Francisco during the season of 1SS3-W
was 43.85 Inches.
COMPRESSED AIR— P. H.. City. Com
pressed air held in storage tanks is used
to operate street railways and machinery.
A DIME OF 1S40— E. C. F.. Oak'and. Cal.
A dime of 1840 Is not one of those coins
for which dealers offer a premium. The
selling price of such is from 23 to 63 cents.
OSTEOPATHY— O. S.. City. Osteopathy
Is the science of treating disease of the
bone structure of the human body. Th^re
are several osteopathists in San Fran
cisco.
TONNAGE RATING— C.. Jamestown,
Cal % The paper on." "Tonnage Rating of
Locomotives," read some time since by B.
A. Worthlngton before the Pacific Coa»t
Railway Chib. is to be found in the prlnt
td proceedings of that body.
THE CUSTOM-HOUSE— TV. T. I*. City.
All positions in the Custom-house, except
cashier, one chief clerk or principal dep
uty and one principal deputy collector, are
under civil service rxiles. For application
blanks apply to the secretary of the com
mission in that branch of the service.
RAILWAY MILEAGE— W. R.. City.
The mileage of the San Kranciaeo and
North Pacific Coast Railroad, including
all branch'esT Is eighty-eight miles; that
of .the California and Northwestern Rail
way and branches is 165 miles of track.
The eamge of the first named is three feet
and of .the latter four, feet eight and one
half Inches.
THE CENTURY— R. B., Mare Island,
Cal. As it takes one hundred years to
complete a century, the first century did
not close until the last day of the year 100.
The 9econd century commenced with the
first day of the year 101. So on down the
line. The 1900th year will close December
31. 1900.- and the twentieth century will be
gin January 1, 1901.
MILITARY SERVICE— Farmer. Modes
to, Cal. Military service is compulsory
in Germany, Austria, France. Spain, Rus
sia, Turkey, Servia, Italy, Holland, Den
mark, Sweden and Norway. The army of
Roumania is recruited by general con
scription. In the United States, Great
Britain and in Belgium service in the
army, is by voluntary enlistment.
COMMISSION MERCHANTS— H. C. Q. ;
Auburn, Cal. This' department has time
and, again announced that it does not ad
vertise any business. By reason of that
rule, it cannot answer the question. "Will
you publish the address of , game
end poultry dealer in San Francisco?" The
correspondent should have sent a self-ad
dressed and stamped envelope and tha in
formation would have been sent by mall.
TRANSLATION— T. C. DIxon. Cal. A
publication that is not protected by copy
right may be translated and published by
any one without permission of the'author
or original publisher. If copyrighted and
the' copyright has not expired a person
wishing to translate the publication would
have to obtain permission from the one
holding the copyright and make arrange
ments for publication In the translated
language.
PATENT— Subscriber, Berkeley, Cal.
The best rule for en inventor to follow is
to eecure the services of a reputable pat
ent attorney to procure a patent for him.
If the inventor is rot prepared to submit
his model and fears that some one misrht
get a patent for a like invention before
he does, he can flic a caveat, which pro
tects him for one y*ar. This costs ten
dollars and may be renewed for another
year.
BEFORE AND AFTER MARRIAGE—
O. C. J.; City. This correspondent asks:
"If a man has known a lady for many
years and has always called her by her
given name, and the lady marries, would
it be proper for that man to continue ad
dressing the lady by her given name?"
When the lady marries conditions change,
and the man who knew her before mar
riage and called her by her given name
should adapt himself to the new condi
tions and address her by her new title.
The husband would have the right to ob
ject to any mart, unless a relative, ad
dressing his .wife by her given name.
GROWING TO WOOD-W. J., Coro
nado Beach, Cal. The question relative
to fruit. trees growing to wood and that
are weak in fruit was submitted to a
prominent orchardlst, who furnished the
following answer: "Young trees "on very
rich "soil sometimes do not come into
bearing as soon as they should, because
they are growing too vigorously. They
can sometimes be thrown into fruit by !
not-pruning for onfe year. If regularly
pruned they will go on making more
wood. In old trees the trouble generally
Is owing to the defective varietr Thf«
remedy is to graft over to some ofher va
riety known to be a good bearer."
ARRESTS-J. E. J.. King City. Cal. If
a peace officer is armed with a warrant
for.. the arrest of an Individual . charged
with battery or any misdemeanor he is
authorized to arrest him in his own house
or any place in which he finds him be
tween sunrise and sunset. If he shnnM
see the individual on the street ami Jh,
individual should enter - hta own or any
other house to avoid the service of the
warrant, the officer would have the right
to enter the house even to the extent of
breaking^ In the door, should the door bt
shut on him and admittance denied 9 '
r«» ny f^ tlzen hBS , *, he rlght to make an ar
h?s presence*' • mlsd . emea "or committed in
;, A peace officer has no authority to ar
rest for, a misdemeanor not committed in
?int Pr ?f C h Ce> i, Unless armed wltlTa war"
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
SCULPTOR S-L-SB-RT (at work on a statue of Victory) — rm afraid, Mr.
Bull, I must trouble you for something: on account — there's a lot more work
Jn It than I expected.— From London Punch.
J~) ETWEEN, the. members 'of .the New York Yacht
. j^j Club and certain yachting men of Boston there
has arisen a controversy concerning the
America's cup which promises "to raise a question of
interest to yachtsmen in- all parts of, the country.
Trie . New> York . 'Yacht . Qub • holds the" America's
cup, and is Snow engaged in having 'constructed' a'
yrfcht-to defend it against ¦ Sir Thomas /Lipton." At
the-same time a yachting man of Boston, Thomas W.
Lawson, has .announced a determination to- ¦ build a
boat tb beat the New A'brk defender if he can. j It has
been the expectation ; that the New -York 'yacht and
that * of Boston ¦ would ; have a trial race' and - that r the
winner would appear .as ' the ; American /champion
against the challenger, but there has arisen a prelim
inary point to be . settled which 'threatens to disturb
the whole arrangement. ¦.'-;,•«¦
The New York men,' it appears, have become some
what jealousof Boston.and have? suspicions that the
intent' of the Bostonian is to get the cup out of the
hands of ; New York and take it to his own city. /Con
sequently it is said to have ; been "unofficially" an
nounced that unless Boston give an absolute guaran
tee that. no. attempt will be made, to get the trophy
transferred to the Eastern or some other Massachu
setts yacht club, in the event of the Lawson boat
bemg successful inthe .defense, the Boston 'craft will
not be allpwed. to compete in the trial ra^es.
It was supposed at one time there might be an easy
solution of the matter, by having; Mr. Lawson '< join
the New York Yacht Club, but he has refused to con
sider the proposition.. In a recent .dispatch • from
Boston to the New York Mail arid Express Mr..Law
son is quoted as saying: ''After my name fiad been
put up for membership in the New York Yacht Club"
some friends of mine advised me to withdraw it, and I
did so. They had reason to believe that certain men
whose acquaintance I had made in Wall street had ex
pressed their opposition to my candidacy. I will not
apply a second time under any circumstances. The
fact is that since I have been considering the plan of
taking an active interest in the construction of a Bos
ton defender, some good friends of mine have asked
for permission to put my name up for membership
in the club. In the event of the Boston defende
being the .winning boat in the trial races I will "nave
the supr.eme management of her in the races with
Shamrock II without belonging to the New York
Yacht Club."
It will be seen the New' York men claim they have
control of the famous' cup against any American com
petitor whatever, and it is to be presumed they have
a right to make the claim upon the terms under
which the cup is held. Nevertheless, they would make
a mistake if they should insist upon that right, to the
exclusion of yachts from other American clubs ; iron,
the trial races. If Massachusetts or any other State
can build a better yacht than the New York men can
obtain, and if in. fair trial the New York .boat be
beaten, the winner should of right be the American
champion against the foreigner, and if successful
should have the cup.
The only value of the trophy is derived from being
the symbol: of victory in yacht- racing against all
comers, and if by technicality the right to compete
is denied to any yachting club or yachtsman, the cup ',
will no longer be a prize to'boa&t of. In the contest i
against the British challenger America should put hex* '
best host in the race, and if that happen to be a Bos- ]
ton instead of a New York boat let Boston have the
trophy. Next time New York might have better '
CUSTODY OF THE CUP.
FRIDAY .......'..../.DECEMBER 21, 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS.". Proprietor.
Address ill Conascie&tios* ts W. 8. LEASE, Xasager.
NUACKR'S OFFICE ToIepUo.it- PrrM SO4
PUBLICATION OFFICE ...Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Prens 201.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Premi 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Copied. 5 Cent*.
Ti-rms l.»- Mall. Including PoRtBRCt
DAILT CAI.r, (including Sunday), one year J8.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3. CO
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILT CALL— Ey Single Month «3e
FUXDAT CALL. One Yeor 1.60
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1-00
All postmaster* nrc nathorlzed to receive
MiliKOrlptlon*.
Sample copies will b<? forwarded when requested.
Mnil rubrcribers Jn ordering change of address should be
particular to gtve both KEY? AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prtropt and correct ccn:pliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 11 IS Broadway ;
C. GEORGE KROGM3SS.
Ktttrtr Frrtign Advertising, Xtrqsette Building, Chicago,
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
rCBTT TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLT0X Herald Square
XEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
&TEPHE.V B. SMITH 3O Tribune BalldlnK
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
VTaJdcrf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel. ¦ •; - ' ¦• :> . ; ¦>" ¦¦¦ : W -~:r
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehenr.an House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WA5HIXCTOX <O. C.) OFFICE. . . . 14OO C St., ST. W.
MORTOX E. CRAXB, Correspondent.
BRWCII OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:33 o" clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open untl?
S:i9 o' clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 8 o'clock. XW, cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
I 1
No Unfriendly Feeling.
(. The German presa and people should be
the last in the world to charge Americana
with • being "particularly venomous
against Germany." The truth Is. thero is
very little unfriend'y feeling here toward
Germany, almost none at all.—INDIAN
APOLIS JOURNAL.
Why It's a Good Thing.
A Democratic minority in Congress Is
a good thing. It may occasionally render
the nation a valuable service. But ?ha
distance between the Democratic politi
cians and the surplus can never be too
great to fully satisfy the business Inter
ests of the country.-CHICAGO TIMES
HERALD.
Basis of- national Prosperity.
In no small degree national prosperity
depends upon sound ¦ financial conditions
and stable credit, and these have been
put beyond peril or apprehension. With
a fuller currency resting upon an assured
basis of gold, protected by the command
which our trade balance gives us over
the world's supply of tne precious metal,
our money Institutions are able to meet
every requirement without a strain and
give capital an unwonted freedom of
movement. Money Is easy to get for th<5
uses of legitimate enterprise, while It
commands a gocd return from its em
ployment.—NEW YORK MAIL AND EX
PRESS.
Don't Exercise.
- The theory that men over 33 should rest
from their labors and endeavor to com
pose themselves in reclining chairs finds
friends and advocates In unexpected quar
ters. One of the leading business men of
New York tays that he has taken only
one vacation tn forty years, and that ho
still suffers from the exercise lie indulged
in then. In h!s office he sits continually
&nd r.ever thinks of taking a walk after
business hours. Numerous cases are cited,
with a view to showing that the man who
gets alonj with the least possible exer
cise Is the man who lives the longest, has
the best time and is generally the most
successful.— CHICAGO INTER OCEAN.
What Would Wesley SayP
What would John Wesley, who preached
that "cleanliness is Indeed next to godli
ness." say to the Pittsburg magistrate
who yesterday committed a tramp named;
Worth for possessing himself of a cako
of soep? Tre culprit removed— we really
can't write "stole"— the soap from tho
washroom of a police station in which ha
had lodged over night. It's altogether a
mysterious case— strange that a station
house should be selected as the theater
of such an exploit, stranger that Pitts
burg policemen should have soap In thetr
possession, strangest of all that a tramp
should thus lay hands upon the thing ab
horred of bis tribe.— NEW YORK HER
ALD.
Bough, on Tramps.
The Supreme Court of Ohio has ¦ ex
amined the State's new anti-tramp law
and does not find anything unconstitu
tional in it. This law Is certainly a ter«
ror to tramps. It says that any-- person
of the male sex. not afflicted with blind
ness, not a resident of the country, who la
"found going about begging," shall ba
deemed a tramp. Then it saya further:
"Any tramp who enter3 a dwelling-house
or yard or lnclosure about a dwelling
house, against the will or without the per
mission of the owner or occupant thereof,
or does not, when requested, immediate
ly leave such place, shall be imprisoned
not more than three nor less than one
year." It was the fortune of one Tim
othy Hogan to furnish the test case and
achieve fame at the cost of the incar
ceration.-HARTFORD COURANT.
The Real American.
In these days of growing trade relations
between the two countries, when Eng
lishmen find it to their interest to in
vest so much of their capital in American
Industries, would not writers and corre
spondents do well to portray the real
America and show how. In spite of Its
youthful love of grotesque fun. its so
cial, political and commercial life la re
sponsive to what is best and most endur
ing In the civilization of the Old World?
Were they to do this they would at first
doubtless disappoint those who tfcinfc
America a nation of minstrel "end men."
but in the end they would earn the grati
tude of all who believe that the pro
gress and prosperity of the world are besf
promoted by nations and men coming fo>
know one another as - they are.— NEW
YORK TRIBUNE.
Passion for Revenge.
While our envoys at Peking are ne
gotiating with the authorized represen
tatives of China, why should Germany,
for instance, send a few regiments fifty or
a hundred miles from Peking to burn vil
lages on the slender pretext that certain
Christians must be protected, who were
not in any immediate danger? These ex
peditions are unwarranted. They have
their origin in a passion for revenge
which neither the present nor the future
can excuse. They make a. settlement
more difficult to reach; they exasperate
the Chinese, who are already in despair,
and they are productive of no good tt» any
one. If we are really civilised let us give
proof of It in a policy which will not ex
cite the abhorrence of even the poor
"heathen Chinee."— NEW YORK HER*
ALD.
Our Stay in Cuba.
What Is the value of the phrase* ahotj*
Cuba having been pacified and a stable
government having been established?
Very little. Suppose we were to evacuate
Cuba and disorders were to break out?
In that case would it not have beeii
shown that the island really had not been*
pacified and should we not be responsible
under the treaty for the consequences of
such disorder? Or. suppose that %»e left
the Island after having supervised the In
stitution of what we supposed to be a
stable government and that, a revolution
subsequently occurred as a result of which.
lives were lost and property destroyed
Would it not have been shown that the
government had not been stable and that
our evacuation had been premature? Tha
fact is that our obligations with regard
to the government of Cuba are of Inde
terminate duration. — PHILADELPHIA*
INQUIRER. . *T~^.
Choice candles, Townsend's.Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's*
Thousands of pounds of California glaca
fruits all ready. for shipping. Townsend"*."
Townsend's famous broken and plain
mixed candy, 2 lbs 23c. 633 Market street.*
Tim© to express Townsend's California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. ?•
*Townsend*a California glace fruits. 60c a
pound. Jn fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
633 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
¦ Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st Telephone Main 1042. •
In his stately home at Hatfleld Lord
Salisbury has many treasured possessions.
One Is the cradle which Queen Elizabeth
occupied in her Infancy.
spect, and it is therefore not surprising there is a con;
tinued agitation for improvement.' -
Great as is.the popular demand for the parcels post,
it is not to be. gained easily. There is a strong an
tagonist in the way. . As the New York Press recently
said: "When the public turns to Congress for. relief
it will find that its 'relief hay been withheld by theMn
fluence of .the same railroad companies which, now
seek to blackmail it with bundle regulations into
patronizing their express cars." So Jong as the ex
press companies and their allies of the railroads can
control . Congress we -may have all the parcels post
conveniences 'with foreign countries we choose,, but
we can have none at home. The improvement .'can
be brought about only by '.united effort .of ; the people,
and now that the East has taken up the fight the West
should cordially co-operate.
THE ex-President's recent brief interview in the.
Atlanta Journal had no further effect than to
call out some, sneers and abuse from the .'pres
ent Democratic leaders.. They seem contented with
the situation, and show no signs of intending to ad
mit that their Populistic experiment is a failure. Not
heeding the ill-success of his first essay- at' advising,
his late party, Mr. Cleveland has discussed the sub
ject of Democratic rehabilitation at great length in the
Philadelpfiia Post. His case is stated with his usual
frankness and clearness, but as those traits -in him
were the original cause of offense to his party, there
is no present reason for believing that it will take
another display of them with patience, or even polite
ness. The group of men who succeeded him and his
last Cabinet in the party leadership are firmly deter
mined not to let go, and the country is^conteht. that
they shall hold on, since it is evident that their per
sistence means continued Republican supremacy. /
There is no sign in sight that the new Democracy
is going to shed its novel garments and rehabilitate,
by crawling into its old clothes, as Mr. Cleveland
advises. After many struggles and a long existence
it seems fated to go the way of the Federal and'Whig'
parties, leaving its ruins to be quarried in by men in
j search of material to form an organized •.'opposition
to Republicanism. If it dodge this fate, and continue
its existence, it will take up other novelties besids
which those complained of by Mr. Cleveland will seem
conservative and commonplace. In 1893, when Bryan
and Maguire in the House and White and Vest in the
Senate reached the parting of the ways on the silver
question, it was said that the course of those gentle
men led directly into Populism, and that if the party
followed them it would arrive in due time* 1 and stand
Qn the Ocala platform. If it refused to follow them,
then, it was said, they would have to about face or go
on until they personally landed -in Populism. That
was at a time when but few foresaw what happened
three years later. The party faced and marched
toward Populism, has fought and lost two campaigns
under that banner. It will not turn back. It has
already plunged into state socialism and communism,
ani will undoubtedly soon take its place with the great
socialist and communist parties "of France and Ger-',
many. ".';'•'-•• ¦ -> •
Governor Altgeld is an advanced communist, and
his somber genius is the real inspiration of the party
which Mr. Cleveland vainly calls' back to Rag Fair,
to redeem its old clothes.
Radicalism of policy and epithet in advocating it
have a charm for weak minds that is irresistible (b the
leading spirits of the party. Appeals to prejudice are
so much easier to make than appeals to reason that
the slothful in intellect and the violent in temper pre
fer them. They cannot reason, therefore they froth
and call hard names.
The Republican party has attracted to it those who
know reason from prejudice and argument from epi
theti When the socialist seed now planted in Democ
racy shall sprout and be watered and watched and
tended by those who believe that society must be re
constructed on the foundation of its diseases and fail
ures, and that its health and success are crimes to be
punished, what reason is left in the party will depart
; and go over to Republicanism, meeting on the way
a few who follow unreason into Democracy.
Mr. Cleveland and the few who agree with him
will be like Jo Davicss of Kentucky, who tried in
vain for years to breathe a living soiil into the
dead body of Federalism, and, failing, never cast
another vote, and lived as a recluse from politics.
The hopelessness of Mr.'. Cleveland's plan will fbe
presently made apparent by the abuse that will roar
around him, coming from his former associates.
Thoughtful men in the country, even Republicans, will
respect his motives-and sympathize with his desire to
re-create a constitutional opposition party that will
not march under a skull and crossbones', but, being
thoughtful, they will foresee the failure that is sura
to come. Altgeld, Tillman, Jones and Stone will still
tramp around in a circle, getting nowhere, ranting
and scolding, calling hard names and throwing mud,
leading a Bedlam and calling it a party; and
Cleveland, Carfisle and Buckner and their followers
will be like the non-jurors who refused to swear alle
giance to William III, a sorrowful sect, decreasing
and finally dying out.
MR. CLEVELAND'S LETTER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; -;: FRIDAY, DECEMBER 2 1 , 1900.
ANOTHER "PUNCH" AT JOHN BULL.
6
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
AMUSEMENTS.
S
Grand Opera-house— "A Tale of Two Cities."
Alcazar — "Madame Butterfly."
Columbia— -The Duke's Jester."
Tlvoll— "Cinderella."
Central Theater— •The Heart of Maryland." Saturday night.
California — "Ole Olson."
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy etreeta— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon aau
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
AUCTION ftAf.F.S
By Edward S. Spear & Co.— Thursday, Friday and Satur-
day, at 11 o'clock a. m., at 31-33 Sutter street. Books.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Friday. December 21. at 11 o'clock.
Carriages. Buggies, etc.. at corner Natoma and Xew Mont-
gomery etreets.
By S. Watkins — Saturday. December 22, at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at Twelfth and Harrison streets.
ADVEBTISZaLENTS.
NERVOUS
PROSTRATION
is only a failure of strength.
It takes strength to get strength.
Get strength of stomach first.
Your stomach will then look
SHpHBMH
;out for your body. Scott's
•emulsion of cod-liver oil ena- ;
I bles : your . stomach to get it!
from usual food; and this is
, the way to restore the whole
.body.
I We'll send you » little to try if you ITkt
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl stre*. ¥m T«t
¦X.
To naJEe- clear the geosraghicaii aad po
litical chassis that have taken place dcr-
Izz thd present centsry Is eoutheastera
Europe it is necessary ta explain the pe
ediar character of tha Turkish swmy and
to say soTTiothlTig of the prtsdple of ti- j
UonaHty which has proved a powerfsl
factor Ia dlststesTatiss the Tcrklsh do
rnf^foTTX The n»a:« Tiirkey Is core strictly
descriptive of a political condition than
of a territory. It cseass tha coosxriea
where the Tcxk* rsle ahsclstely. and it
has contracted with the tccce«3iv9 eman
cipations of the subject peoples. The
Turkish role has been asd stiU la a s 4 .-
Santic political parasite Uvtn? on the •«»-
Ject populatiocs. In sazie respects it may
be likened to the rule of a Eurcj-san state j
over an oriental dependency, but with tha
Isipcrtast difference that E-sropeai: rsle
tiyually biinga peace asd a higher degree) !
of economic prosperity, -arhUe the Tcriciaa j
sway has beea a pisre explcltation of the 1
P«or.!e eteadiiy d?mir.t3hlng their produc
tivity and extending the are* of unculti
vated soil, operating ta short, like a |
bUght. The p«ople la Turkey have con
sisted of two layers, the rsllzs ciass of
Mohammedans and the subject Chris
tians, and. broadly »p*aktnjr. the Chris
tians have had no rights which tha Mo- |
harr.Tredans are bound to respect.
That this anoznaiocs condition shodd !
still survive In nineteenth century Europe j
has been owing to the stippcsed service
which the preservation of Turkey renders
: to the general Interests of Europe in
; blocking the socthwestward extension of j
I Russia. This policy, initiated by Metter
! nlch. has been kept fa force largely by
i England, with the general result that tha
I Interests of the Christian peoples In so^th- •
I eastern Europe hav» been relentlessly
i sacrificed to the Interests of En?Jand in
India. That this sacrifice and others Is
JLJLLiiHIJI
«ces to ihe United States, <xe*?t that
Turkey has not reiis^sished ber title to
them.
Ol an tliese new cations ti« Qreeia
have beea b7 far the acsz fcitersstisf to
the Westers world, because of th» nl*»
tarica! assodatiocs e£ their asd
cecntrv- Xever - a it-m lnserlta=c» oi &
great past nerved a. people to Esore hereto
eCcrts to reyala th» liljerty so s^xioca^
enjoyed by their cacesaln of oid. They
took zscaories far hepea. as Mae. d«
Staal said of Rie=zi. Tt»&& zsesacriss of
a=cieat Gr»ec« ealisteC la deir 5**raIT.
»iea tier attasspted to tlirow cS thm
Turkish yoke, th* »yi3?a^l€3 of all ecia
rated mhuU. asd this asrrversaJ li^rsat
and Bympathr forced a Et^opeaa Istsr
ve=.tioa to protect tiers from creeitle* o«
sJsie> whiclx tiia pc^cr oi Weyler In Cuia.
was hssacssess itseli. The po-sr-rs. how
ever, ta aiana at the ccsse^ussce*, ga.7»
th« Eswtr coistinited klnsdon fa Iffi tsr
rttori-ii aitcz-dth-jr too narrow for ssecess
ftU development. Great *s was iia booa
to the Greeks, as a zia.ziczL3.litj It -«ras *
rainilliif disa?pcina=est that i=sr» thaa
two-thirds of then were kept la boci
a?». whUe thair c«w stats waa handi
capped by tls« lack of territory and pepti
lauos. "3a vaia thsr have tried ta 3uis«
<;uezt crises of H19 Turjds!i power t> c-:
©2 cew slices cf territory. Th» i»?»-:«^r*
' tics* of th» Isslan Ialazds fa 1554 and of
Thessaiy in 2£3X are tha only eosLsideraMe
; additions that have bees sade ta thetr
crlgiaal bcasdartes. Either the power cf
1 Turkey has bees too such for then or
I the powers hav» ttood out to preserra th«
I titegrity of the Ssltar/s £j—.\:~s*
la the cajs cf the other states esiaaci
cation. iras uot i:mne«ila,te b«t sraduai.
I Serrta was sarrtaoced by Turkish trocpa
for a haif-cestnry aftsr the Servians »#
! cured a partial tidepesdenc© tuider a ru!
f «r who soversed ts. the case of tk* Sul
j tas. TTi« cotspiste isdep«t:desee of Servia
1 was estaKished by the treaty oi Ber!!a
I fa 1STS. Tet th© national feei!r.g» cf the
1VAR GEOGRAPHY OF* EUROPE.
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING COirPAKT'S JEANTE IK HEAVT "SVEATn-
ER OFF THE COAST OF ilEXDOCTXO. BEING A STANCH VESSEL
SHE HAD NO DIFFICULTY IX MAKING PORT.
TO ARRIVE.
Thin. Bun'-Dcnrn Peopls
Are helped ta regain B««de<i flesh aad str«sc*!i
bv , Bsin«- : itALT-XCTRIKE. The Anbeoser-
Bos«h Brewtag- AasTt - prepares it. whieii fact
rcaran^es Its sojiertcr merit. SoU by mil irsg-
Boot and shoe-xaakers throcshoot-Xew
England . are , crowded t with ; orders. ¦ *»¦*?*
shipnxsnts from Boston have increased to
85,030 cases weekly. :
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcsrapiic OKce. U. S. X., Mer
chants" Exehaase. Saa Francisco. Cal_
Dewmbtr 3. UM.,- ¦ . ..
Tie- time ball oa the tower of cb« sew Ferry
buildts? was dropped at exactlr nooa to-day —
L e.. - at noon • of the USta merSdiac. or at ' S
o'clock p. ¦&L, Greeswich time.
.-, ¦- .-¦¦- : ;¦¦.-•'¦ '-". :" :;¦¦¦ "C ; a' calktxs."- " ;
XJetztesast f^* ——--«.- <* « -_ "- S. X., ia cbarx^
SMppiitg Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
ThTirsiiax. Deee=b«r 95.
Scar Sarae*. 2*cob*, *3 beers from Eartka.
Steir Branar-tcic. Andreses. 4$ hears Irsm
Eurekx.
Sanr Westpart. Ericsson, a Iwcrs fraca Saa
Stsir Xarth Foci. JtcLeQaa. a hoar» trost
etmr iEackiaaw. L/ttleaeli, t?» cajn froca
Bwittle.
Stssr Santa Rosa, Al«xa=der. 44 tocrs frocr
£aa Dieirs aa.1 war ports.
Ehfp Ecterp*. Eax?>. Tl days fm—i T^v«j--«-
Etjnr Jeasle. ifasoc. II iiji frMa Seattle.
Scsr L«Jca«. Schare. *3 bocrs from Saa
P*drc
Stnir Iacrsa. Bash, 42 hocrs freta Saa Di^gr.
Itxl ship CaTal!er« Oarijft. ilir^sca, •U-iijs
Jrota I'iu:<;u«.
Bari ITnrf a rr ted. DaTidsos. S> dar* tronx
Conan. via Clallasi Bay iS dajrs-
Baric Albert. GriiSth. » day» frsxa EocolaM.
Schr N'ewark; Beck. IS boor* from Bo wens
La&ilsjr. ~ - . - - - ..
Eeitr 'Westera Esc«. Ga^jttenaes, | » dajrs
from Cocs Bar.
Echr KetU* a«niborr. Utks. S"-, cays from
BoTr*ca T4ff*h;
CLEARED.
.Thursday. Deceaib*r 35.
Et=ir Corac*. Gtelow, Saa Pedro; Gcodall.
Pwkiza & Gx
Br »tm.r Rsbert Altavwc. MorKaa, Kanaizo;
John Ro*!sfeld"« 6oc:s.
Br ship Albrs. Qaeenstown; EBptajrer & Co.
Bkta 5 O Wilder. Jackwai. Haca^slu; VRI
t:«.T*s. Dlraonii L Co. *~~1
SchrC H Merchant. Karisea. Saliras Craa;
C A Boooer A Co.
.:> _SAILED.
TSrcrsday. Deccsber 29.
Ft=r G*o TV Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Eirrtr Prozreao, Mocroe. Tacoisa.
Eti=r Alliance. Hird-sici. Astoria. '¦ - : '.":."
Sror Geo Locinls. Brid^Ki. «¦•> Pedrot
Sasr Easta Barbara. Jahzses. san Dieg9.
Stntr Aberdeen, Hajtsen. San Diego.
Star WUJaseue. Haaaen. Seattle.
Saar Alllaace. Hard»tck. Astoria.
Stsar £ts=al. Bendezaard, .
Ger etrar Hatiser. Vess. Hashorr.
Schr Jchn F IClIer. Hansen. Ooo» Bay.
Schr Glee. Jotisos. -. I
Bchr O II Keliogy. Irersen. Eareka,
TELQGRAPHIC.
POX>T LOBOS. Dec ». 1» p m— Meatier
thick; wtal SE. velocity 23 miles.
HEKORAXDUIL
Per schr Xerari. frrsca Bow*os Tjt~fi>-n~ Dec
79— Cam* away Is. ballast, as U was too rcng-ii
to I :«i.
Per itssr Jeasle, front Seattle— Had coctlaaed
SB rale« aad heavy sea. from the SW Dee it.
fi> miles ITW cf Cair* Blacco. Srok* a thr»s
riasted »cir from Grays Harbor, leajcicj?. Had
thrown her* deck load CTertxxLri. "Wanted sae
to lay by hta for tie ai^si. -arhich I agreed to
do; kept clsee to him- Dec 13 at 1 a a ' blew
up ttroes frais SB, at 4 a ta blowing- a stracy
grC - Jroca th^ SS. <iurt=« which time tlvf Jaatsle j
¦astalzied damage, sttwe the doers ta tie «cytn» j
room, isovIr« all cf the tcets. Csjodtny the\
catir. ani washed overJwari K bbls ©U.
anSCELL-OTEOCS.
Ger thl9 Blmnad went cm the beach aboot
a cule soott of Santa K.>saJLa. oa Not 25. fast
lsaffi- ot A^neda Rack. Smk a good deal cur
ias th* prerallln? acrtheriy winds and the tide
: is nowlaj and ebbinf Insid* of her. Captain
• Gerdaa. ho-arever. has yet hoces of savtss tar.
Tte Bcia=cisd has 15a toes of sand b«^list ia
: and sh* was boond oat for Gre^ja at the time
I cf the accident. Sail was made ia th» early
1 morals* with a Heat tar.4 breese. Tb« wind
; failed a=d tte earreat swept the sM? asters
| eooc laald* cf tire* hoars & be«.Ty N~W gale
I sprac? C9 and an eCcrts ta save her bad to ten
! ssspinded for ceaxty tea days on account of
! strcn? N"W wlais of daily cccsrenee.
i LONDON*. Pec •*— Xor stntr Skarpanso. frosn
Astoria Xov I3L arrived at Yokohama. »fcort of
ccal. Pcrtkxi o * eamrs w a_« canstuatd tsar f i«l.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAX DIEGO-6ail«<i . Dee 17. at 11 a n— Taj
L Lackrcbaca, far Santa Rocalia.
SKATTLE— Sailed Dec U— Stnr EXCa Tfcoca
kb. for Tacoma: stznr Jobn 3 KitnUtll Is a£
Peat Acr<rfe» arc will return. -
Arrived Dec S3— Star Jofca S KlmbaXI. leak
ier. h«ace Dec *- - ,
Sailed Dec 10— Star Raisi«r. tawtsg itar
Gen FrUblev for Saa Prasdsco.
PORT LUT>IX>W— Arrlrad Dec I»-Seitr Ex
pansJcn. froci Gnartsas.
PC'RT TO^-NSSXD-SaGed Dec W-Stair
John S KinrfsalL
SaUed Ewe &— Bfcta KTrirfra.r. for Hoaotel?;
¦chr 3£arte S Smith, for Btkv
EASTE3tX PORT.
DELAWARE ERSAITWATEB— Sa2«tl Dec IS
-ear Bcnxlo. for Mastta,
FOBEIGX POETS.
COLOX— Sailed Dec IS— Soar Pteaac* for
New Ycric.
V ANCOX." V EB— Arrivea Dec 1>-Br «tnr Roy
aiu:, freni Javt,
NAGASAKI— SaHeil Dec 13— V 8 star Grant,
far Saa Kr*aci5co>.
GCATITAS — Arrtwed Xtw a^-Ger sliip Brans-"
basses. I rota Minatten. to> sail ab-.x: Dec 33
for Oretsa. Dee If— Sta^ Mfxiao. heace De
cember £.' .'¦'-. . ¦ >~: ¦¦;¦»-¦
Saded Dee lS-€tar Csracao. far Saa Praa-
ClSOO. --..-¦¦- ' . .' ¦ * -' " -' ¦ "' '-. ¦ -- .-¦"", ¦ . ¦;
ACAPCTiXV-6»arf E»c IS— St=r Pan Jose,
for Baa FrKrtKft- ¦ ¦-,.- ¦ -,„;,.•.,:¦-¦.: .-...
jfAZATLAK-SaGed Dec 11-Ger bark Tnt
Kcca, for S«a Bias aad Portlaad. Dec C—
Scfer Halcycn. for L» Pas
ta port I>c 13— Sciir.J B Leeds.
SA2TTA BO6 A T .T \— Arrtred - Dee I*— Sear
Cttracadb kence Dec ' I. to ¦ sail far Gsaysaa
DeeMI- -'-,; - ¦-'¦- '- ; v '• ¦¦ '-" ¦ ?'¦¦- . ¦-- "¦
la port Dec 15— Br shin CoallebanJc. frosa
CarfIX via. Valparaiso, where sbe landed crew
cf Xor b&rit Aliiia, wrecked oear Case Ham.
Tto sail abtstxt Jaal9for Oreysa osr T*eoma_ ':¦. \
ArrJved Nov n — Br thip Thistle, from Car- '
OS.' V> laU Jaa S> far Oreroo.- Xov O— Br iiii?
i Bea Dearr. Jr^tn StiteWs. :o sail afcoct Jaa 1>
; for Sac Francisco.- Portland or Taccax. Dec i
I « — Br - sMc- ¦ Haytor. - Crass . Haintxirx'. : to ; —»
1 tboot FMi » for We»t O««.
! XE^^CASTLE," Aas— S*U*J Dec ' U— Br ihio I
i Drgmmsir. for Saa FraacUco. .¦-"¦ - ¦ , . j
! RIO DE JAXEIEO— Arrived Oct »-Ger ship I
| Ltks. from Lhrercocl. for ' Portland.- Or., .and
' sailed «rzln Oct. J for Oreno. -^- - •¦ ¦¦¦-.; -v;
j FRASER BIVER— Sailed % I»s>v 2*-7Br [ wTUp
Arinamarchaa," far Ltrerpool.-: •.•;. ;: - "*. -. . ; ; --r- r
Ia p»Kt Xor B— Br ' ship 'Miarelirihaslab,* for i
' > . : -. >* r, ../: . OCEAK k BTBAitSRS." :-l ¦ :- .
-- KOBB-Af T\ * eJ - Dae • 15— Stzsr ; Kerxsoliecs^
Crest Portlaad, . Or, Cor Tokafcaaav ¦ etc.
E«4Ied v*9 l^-Stsar Brigoj; for Tfeco&s.
Sxxn, Moozi aad Tide.
LONDON- Arrived Deo 13— Scsr ataacininee.
frora Xew Tcrk.
LIVERPCOIr-Arrived Dec U-fitsr
wesLUfc. from Boetoc
Sailed Ewe 15— Stair Beire=la=d. frstn PtlU
irl-hia.
MORORAN- Sailed prior to Dec 15— Scar
Koria. for San Francisco.
YOKOHAitA-Sailad Dec IJ-Senr Tacocsa,
far T4cc=a- -
A>TT^rSHP— SaCeii Deo »— St=rr JTederlaai.
for Pfcna<t»irfcia-
QCEENaTO'arx— Sailed Dec »— St=r Tee
toate. from Liverpool, for N«w Tork.
NEW TORK-Sailed Deo SJ-Stmr La. Chaai
paiae, for Havr»-
the same cause, like the losses of men
and xaccey la the Crtaieaa war. have, oa
the whole, beea futil* ts a growiay coa
victioa aaionr disinterested observers.
"While the Turk3 have beea united by
the ti« cf rellgicn. the subject of Chr!»
tiaas have been divided by the very force
which has Inspired thea to throw off this
alien sway— the principle of nationality,
for being made up of several nationalities.
Jealous of each other, the force of their
resistance has beea greatly diailaizhed by
mutual antagonism.
The sense of nationality Is a natural
outgrowth of modem democracy. If the
people have the right to rule theiaselves.
It is but a step to the feeling that all the
people who. through the inheritance cf a
cosuaoa Language aad a common range of
idea3. are conscious cf a renl naity cf life
are entitled to fem a political union aad
to play their part la the world's history
bl3 one nation. The de*penin? conscious
ness of this essential cnioa of Interests cr
the feeling of rationality has been one of
the moat powerful political forces of the
century, and has played havoc with tradi
tional political > combinations, promoting.
on the one hand, great national unions
like the German empire aad the kin^em
of Italy, and. ca the ether hand, strain-
Ing to the uttermost the ties cf cnioa ia
a composite state like Austria-Hungary,
or disrupting into several feeble frag
ments a dominion like that of the Turks.
It was'the strength of the feeling of na
tionality In the North that defeated
Southern seeessicn. It separated Holland
and Belgium ta 1330. and it has Ion?
threatened to separate Norway frcn
Sweden. It attaches Canada and Austra
lia to England and makes the Irish dreaai
of separation from England. It demanded
and resented the cession of Alsace-Lor
raine- It Inspired the Boers to resist Eng
land and the Filipinos to resist the United
States. But the Influence of the feeling
ci nationality has been nowhere stronger
than la old "Turkey In E-art>pe.~ where it
has brought Into existence the cew ca
tions of Greece, Rosmania. Servta and
Bulgaria, and given Russia an Inuaense
advantage over other European states la
I shaping tbeir destinies.
I If there had beea but one nationality la
I the regions ruled by Turkey the Turks
would haTe been driven Into Asia long
ago.
In the lnaxtrlcable mixtare cf races tn
European Turkey the lines cf nationality
could not be drawn la accordance with
historical origin, therefore unity of lan
guage, aa Is apt to be the ease, became
the determining factor. F"cr all practical
purposes this is the natural criterion of
nationality, for it. Is the possession of a
ccumacn language which endows a people
in the process of time with such a com
mon inheritance of ide&s and aspirations
that they feel they are one. and cakes a
cation out of the mest diverse elements.
In the working out of this principle ia
this case cne important exception !s to be
noticed. la Turkey a portion of each, his
torical nationality has beea converted to
Mohammedanism, and the tie of religion
proving stronger thaa that of language
the Turks as a ruling caste . are to be
thought of as consisting not onlx of peo
ple historically of Turkish origin bat also
of Greeks. Albanians, Servians. Bulgar
ians and Roumanians, who. being Moham
medans, were to all Intents and purposes
Turks. Conversely the terms Greeks. Bul
garians, etc, mean the Christian portions,
resptctlTely, of the populations speaklsg
Greek cr Bulgarian.
Although ta general the feeling cf na
tionality ta the Balkan states <the cost
men came to-day for what used to be the
major ran of Turkey In - Europe) has
worked as a force of mutual repulsion, in
one aspect Its tnfiaence has beea power
ful In the direction of a kicd of unios,
the uaioa of cemmea subjectioa to Rus
sian Influence, and tdtimately, perhaps, of
common absorption by Russia. Most of
the Christians cf these natiot^!!3es be
long to the Greek church, which la the
estabUsfced charta cf Russia, aad this *?»«
made Russia tbeir natural protector and
constituted a certain oneness of interest
between tiers. This, reinforced by the
fact that the Servians and Bulgarians
like tlie Rttssians. speak Slavic languages
not more dissimilar to each other than
are Italian. Spanish and Portuguese. M^
made the Slavic peoples of the - Balkan
peninsula, more or less susceptible to th*
in&uence of Pan-Slavism, or that partic
ular phasa of the principle of nationality
which looks to the onioa of an Slavs en
der the wing of Russia.
Under these conditions there have arisen
In the present century from the - old Tur
key ia Europe the Independent » kingdoms
of Greece, Roumanla and SerVia. the in
dependent principality of Montenegro the
principality of Bulgaria, which pays a
tribute • to . the • Sultan, and the province*
of Bosnia and Herzegovina, which bear
the earns relation to Austria t»jnt C&t*.
Servians ha-r* sot been gr&tifiad by th»
union of all S«rrtass t^:h« ktn^dca, zsr
seine stm are subject to Turkey, tha Ser
vians of Moa:ece?rt> are under a ruler
of their own. and rr.es* c£ Bosnia ani
Heixe&cmlna. are rule*! by AtBtria.
BuljarU. ts stffi fci th« posittca ot a.
tribute-paying state to Turkey, aad xhm
limits of E^IffarJa. like those of Greece,
are narrower than th» distribution cf tha
B3!jarlaja. It was tiie ortarirat desiss cf
Russia after the war wti-s Turkey la 1S7T
to establish a jrea; Balgarian state to
comprise aU the territory mainly Inhab
ited by Bulgarians, and ts sui iiil in ilac*
donla.-wtuo»e populartos Is very varied.
Feartay the predenoinance cf Russia, tha
western powers remanded Hacedcnia to
Turkish rule and divided Bulgaria. Into
two parts— one to be called Bulgaria, and
to be independent except for the payment
cf tribute; the other to be called Eastern
Rounselia. and to &e under an adntinistra
tloa In which th» Sultan was represented.
Like many another arrangensent of tits
kind, this lasted enly tentpcrarily. la
ISS3 the strength cf the feeling for union
was 3uch that the two separated sectians
of the Bulgarian people united la sp!t« ot
the disr'easure cf Russia, as wsll as Tur
key. For It has been the policy of Rus
sia that advantages to these
states oust ccce through her cr cot at
alL
Rocise!Ia>— cr rather Its eonstitrsent de
ments—the old provinces of Waiiachi3
and Moldavia— had never been so overrun
by the Turks as the other states wh&sa
history we have lust reviewed. Thes«
provinces had been in a position as re
gards^ TcrS-y cot so very diastntilar ta
that of Bsilgaria to-day, except that their
rulers were appointed by the Sultan. Af
ter the Crimean war the two provinces
were placed under the protection at tha
powers and constituted a dual stats,
called the United Principalities. They had
the right to elect their two rulers. They
ingeniously effected a union by eJectia^
the sazne oaa. The complete independence
of Rouznanla was obtaind by the ?r&r
with Turkey in 1ST7, and the #^1 reccsat
tiea as a kinsrdoca by all the powers tn
I3S1. Tet again, as tn^the ease of Greece
and Servta. Roumaaia does not Include all
the Roumanians.
Thus tha feeling cf naSoaallty after
Qu*ckenlny these people into new liTe aad
stimulating tbvem to obtain tsdepesdence
has been temporarily blocked ta its wori-
Iny out. Fcr this reason nobody la ths
Balkan peninsula and the ceighberhoed ts
satisiUd with the present sirsotioa or re
gards K *» permanent.
The> "siek par." still retains his arW
trary *z& cruel rule over celpleaa sub
jgets. and every cow aad thea the ciTil
tzed worid Is hcrrlned by a series cf mas
sacres, bet stands by heiplessL The pow
ers refuse to act, for 'ear actica car ac
crue to the advantage* og sozas csa of
thea.
The ultimate iclutlon denes forecast,
bet many or the wisest staseezaen. *-*A
stodents of history and politics have felt
that the best sclutloa would te the fsr
zaatioa cf a federation cf these Balxaa
states with Rocaiaaia aad Greece, uader
Use guaranty cf the power*. This so£s
tlon would cot be to the »j -j : htvI't*— *»nt
cf any oae cf the great po^wers, and wculd
bo far more f&Torablo &> dxll and re
ligious liberty than absorption by Rsyrta.
It wvcld also have the advantage cf al-
Iowt=jr each Tin Tin witty the coetrot of tta
own destiny ta the cala. without the at
tendant disadvantage cl betzg a ssull.
Isolated state, tco fe«ble to protect It
self from ootside tatrignes aad too poor
adec,-sately to zseec the expenses of com
plete soverelxnty. Certainly no other dis
pcsltioa ol the problem is pcesfhie with
out gotar eouater to the aspirations of
the people to preserve their historical
Identity a=d catSocal character.
ED"WARI> Q. BOURNS. •
Tale rnirersi jy.
THE BXLJZAS PENTN'SULA, HISTORIC GROUNT>. THE GEOGRAPHICAI.
BOXE OVER WHICH THE CHRISTTAX POWKH3 OS* EUKOPE AND
THE TURK HAVE GROWLED THESE MAXI DATS.
STORM signals have t een hung out
.aloes the coast, again and scons
tossed vessels are arriving' every
day. The \ PadSc Steam "Whalins
Company's Jeanie arrived from
Seattle last nisht and Captaia Mason re
ports one of thA rousrhest trips on record.
The steamer ' was - nearly twelve days
ma.kirg the ran, whereas a. five days' trip
Xs coEaidered long. From tne. time Flat
tery was passed until. Po!nt : Reyes was
reached there was a succession of galed
and the ship .was boned again and ajz-ain-
At tlrsgea CaLptalti M&wra thcu«-h; he wocU
never reach port, bet be. held on and
finally the"- Jeanie came In tarocgh tha
Golden Gate with Gyins colors. He*
decks w-ere swept and' sortae of , the life
boats wsre goos, but nevertlieless ttfl
itout old Arctic tender snowed her mettle
"and cane elozg-rdth £3 good' a head of
steam as a new,- boat.
The. Jeanie has been one of the nas:
Boccecsful steamers in [ the \2^oni® trade
g . * "; • " .-• ,
AX0OTEB SQifTHi-'AKTKH,
Shipping Men Are All Preparing: for
Here Stormy , Weather.
The Italian ship Caralxere Cfartpa rsada
port yesterday. Shs was forty-nine day*
from I<jtaaue and the captain says that
o£E port he had a very rougix time of It.
For nearly a week gotMrrg but short can
vaj could ba carried and for twenty-four
tours the ehip was under bare poles. The
£«cfcs were full of water, half th» time
and all tasds bad to live on. bread and
water for two days.
The American snip Entero* cam-e Id
from Lahalna. H. f- She was twenty
seven days on the ran and was six days
o2 port before a char.;; of wind ?a.v»»
her a chance to come in. There was littla
cr no damage done to the vessel, as the
captain hove to and trisd to hold his own
under short canvas.
The bark Albert was twenty-five day*
coming- from- Honolulu and. ner experience
was similar to thas of the Euterpe. ¦
The Undaunted, tnirtv days from Co
noi. B. C. and twentr-two days from
Oaliam Bay. also made port. She caught
the gale off the coast of Mendoctno and
eince then has been having- a hard tiase
of It. She was In the trough or the jrfa
many a time without SLeeraceway, but the
stout old ship oanased I to weather the
g^Ie and is good for many another voy
age. On December IS she sprung her rud
der bead and that made It extra hard to
get her Into port.
Other Vessels Damaged.
The Nettie Stindbors' was neartv ntoe
days making the ron froo Botrens Land
ing:. Cta December 14, a: 3 a_ m.. a bis
southeaster came up. accompanied by a
tresnendoas sea. Part of the deckload was
washed away and some of the boats fol
lowed. There was trouble In. the fore
castle when the men were, flooded oat,
but eventually everything was fixed cp
and tne schooner made port In safety.
The bori IXamond Head, that was o2
port fcur days, and a British ship, cane
unknown, have not been heard from. The
chance* are that both stooii off shore and
will not make port for several days to
come.
"What Is puxilin?- nautical men 13 the
fact that the gule and accompanyln?
heavy sea are both on a hlgii barometer.
ITie glass has been unusually high for this
time of the year aad yet outside there
Is nothing bat heavy weather and disas
ter.
HEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Matters cf Interest to 2Iarii:exs and
Shipping Merchsnta.
TS* Astlyotse leads lumber at Port Garrtle
fcr Hambcnr. T!». prlcr t» arrfraL
A Cargo for Mexico.
T5:« »dieocer Cfcarfes E. ITerchast eJeared
regteyiiay for.SaT'n«« Cros wtt^ 1530 eases ac£
£m> ke«s of powder aad I9.(tf nllroii tie*.
Tc* cares was vataed at £].&:.
Barley Shipment.
Tte British flrtp Albra cleared ywtsrday 1st
Cci* f:r crtlers with 71.VA otla fcarJey Talaed
at SSS,TSO ani St.CCO Itf. lint^r dimnaga raised
*t CSS 1 ; total Tilce. M5."«C.
Steamer Jeanie Has a Very Rough Voyage and Other
Coasters Are Reporting Heavy Weather.
STORM SIGNALS ARE AGAIN
DISPLAYED ALONG THE COAST
THE SAJf FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBEE 21, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE DISMEMBERMENT OF TURKEY.
Copyright, 19OO, bj Seysiocr Ifrtcn.
Csi:»l Slates C««st aad Geodetic Ssrrey—
Ttaies aad Helgats of HIstt aad Low
Waters a; Fort Potat. ectrxnee to S*a
Frandaca Siv. PcbU£&«d ty mrt«-«»t - «,-.
thcritx of tie Scp«rtatead«at.
KOTE— Tt« tlffa and low waters occsr at tt«
c'.'.t trsct * liiiiic--*-- *st wharf) aboct tweatr*
&t« i dastes later than at Fart Folat: tbm
tialgiiz ot tide Is th« «ari« at toth places.
FKIDAT. DECESTBHK H.
¦ NOTE— In t&* »hcTe exrosiUca of ti» tl<!«a
tho *arly marc try tMea are ri^ea la cie left
tiii eotasux a^ I the saecesatre tides el ' tit*
day t ia crier of occsrrcsce a* to tfcse of
day. t&e tiiri ti=e cclsmn ytv-s the last
ti'i* of th« dar, except vb«a tliera ar» bst
three tides, as sometimes oeciiza. The i»!?iu
rtres ar« la a-i-litior; to th» ¦OG3dis«s o& tt«
Vdted States C3ajt Scrrer ctarw. ex:«pt
whea s silatis siga ( — ) precedes th» helsftt. aad
then, the a-sjaber gtrea Is rabtracted tun tie
deytJt sirea b3f tie charts. The piaaa of refer
eace ta t2w jaeaa cf tee lower tow waters.
Steaxser Movements.
7
•zz. rises
¦tnx sets
ilocs rts«s (sev>
...... «:O a. ra.
C Ttzac TXsej iTt=a« Tt=:«i
£ Ft. Ft. S 1 Ft. — — J PL
» L W HW Jl. ."W H Wf
I «:« 5.1/ :9.-«3| S.J S:l4-JT?
H W L W H W I. W
I ...: 9JS 4.C 4^1 3-t 13:« S.5~i:«t— «.l
! ... 1:1* 4.11 5:«l 3.1 U:ZS 5.l! »J2— «.I
t ... l:53j «.»{ «:33l 3.9 UJ2 t.«! TilS'— «.«
.... 2:3[ 5.1 ..-31 5-1] 1:17? jjf I:SsJ— 8.1
!... 3-jK! i.r, 8:K 2.51 !:Ut 4Js 8:«H M
... »:ts? s.« t:ta| a.i{ a:3of i^'iaj 1.8
StC&SbBC
I Dm
Ztalaaflfcn ......JHoBofrifci }p»» n
Oatosbfa ...... iPorilartri i d»c ji
Fclioa — [Pcrtlasd asd Astari*-.. Dec a
Point Arena iPotnt At«ul-. . Dec B
CtitQB>. ... Pitrama. & Way Parts Dec »
Victoria Oyster Harbey.. _. Dec. 22
Saa Bl*s Xanahao _ Dec a
Arer.ci Min. Ciii-a mnd Japan.. ...... Dec 23
Ponwra. —----— HcusboMt ......... ..^. t>?c »a
X«wbarf . Gr»ys Harb«w..-.... M .... Dec a
Groo» Dollar ..iGrays Hartwr..... ....... Dec 23
Empire -..[Coos Bay.... „ q^ h
Del Kortft 'Panla^d Ki Cms Bar. Dec 33
Areaxa : doom Bar—.— .... ; Dec a
S»=*ror : Victoria & Pxxzec Eoosd D»c £S
CtKca — - S*a Ert-so» rx»c jj
Ba=i^ Newport ."......^. Dec a
Saa Pe<lro «-..- Hcmtoiit ......*.... D-c S
Rival— .—..... WTXIapa Harbor..... d»c 3
AUn^ii Sydaey a=,i Way Port». D«c 34
¦Wasirtsoaw .... T»cciaa ; . Dec^ Xt
Rcfc«rt DoCar.. Seattle — ................. Dec 2*
Sawfc* ........ HcaboMi d»c s
C W. Elder ... Portlaisd d*c U
Cor«=a".. ....... ~S*Trpart.. ................ Dec S
Mexioo ......... Myrtratn Ports........... Dec !«
Ctxraeao ........ Mfrtran Parts........... x>«c.' IT
CHJ«=: Cty.. Oeaceat CI^-. d«c IT
S«su Bosa. ™.{Saa.: D;*js..... — ......^ Dec IT
Xcrth F«rk ..;.!Hc=iboIdt ...... Dec 3
TCallJk WaHa-.-fVIctcrfa. ft Pn*et Eoc=<J Dec ts
TO SAIU
8t*a=er.
i Destination.
SalZa.
Pier.
Corona ....IXewport [Dec S. SaiaiPIerU
Arja {Coqrrfll- EiT_|l>ec H. ia«cttPl«r —
Sa=nKi {HudboMt 'Dec 22. 19 asiiPler 2
Enipire- . — fCooa Bar \thto. 22. 13 ePpi-t 13
It. Arena-.IPotat Ar-na .|&tc n. 2pcijPier 2
Ucsatilia ..(Vic * P^t 3.i-;D-c D, a »=i|Pler $
E-srsSa IHcaabolii iD«c. *Z, > fcxaiKsr 13
'Raialer [S«at* N.Wia[I>c. T2. Jpsa:P!er J
MaidaXiT -ICoq-sine RlT..[Dec. 22: l>an»;Pt*ri 1
Xortli Fork- HoinboLit {Dec 2X * ain'Pter J
C Xetoo3..]SeatUeAHoiio^I>«G. SS. -5 paajPier 2
S. Portla=d;Astarla4PtiiJ(I>ec. 22, « peppier
Seat* Kcsa;S*a IX«sa.... Dec 3. Ssus!Pl»rU
Koisa C3:y.f Seattle--.. . — Dec 3. 13 aa-Pter S>
FttlMa - M ..fA«MrlaiPtIc!. EVoc 23. 19 asi.'Pter 93
Keko HadSc&Waj- Dec 23L [Pie- JJ
Coytlc CJiinai Jasa=fl>ec Si. 1 paPM;3
Newlsary .. Grar» Harbor Dec 14. [Pier J
Persona ... Hssbclilt Dec 14. 3pct|pier J
CcIusibU..- Portlaaii Dec 14. llaia Pt«r3i
Bonlti Ne-wrpcrt D«c 2S. 9 amiPier u
Arca.ta Caaa Bay Dec S, 13 dfpier U
Zealand^ . Hocolnlu D»c 5». 2 pin! Pier 7
Qtieea Saa Df-ri---.} 0 *^ K. 5a=t:P!erU
Rival ......fWlKaya Ear..[Dec 3. [Pier 1
G. Dollar.. .[Grars EarbcriDec 25. (Pier *
Secatoc .... SearrledfcJUas. ! Dec 2S. UamEPter »
State of CaJt\lc 4 P^t Sd.fDec ST. U amiPler 9
R. DoIUr...]5e£ttl9£Taco!Dec. JT. ...TTTiPIer —
StC&SbBC
I Dm
Ztalaaflfcn ......JHoBofrifci }p»» n
Oatosbfa ...... iPorilartri i d»c ji
Fclioa — [Pcrtlasd asd Astari*-.. Dec a
Point Arena iPotnt At«ul-. . Dec B
CtitQB>. ... Pitrama. & Way Parts Dec »
Victoria Oyster Harbey.. _. Dec. 22
Saa Bl*s Xanahao _ Dec a
Arer.ci Min. Ciii-a mnd Japan.. ...... Dec 23
Ponwra. —----— HcusboMt ......... ..^. t>?c »a
X«wbarf . Gr»ys Harb«w..-.... M .... Dec a
Groo» Dollar ..iGrays Hartwr..... ....... Dec 23
Empire -..[Coos Bay.... „ q^ h
Del Kortft 'Panla^d Ki Cms Bar. Dec 33
Areaxa : doom Bar—.— .... ; Dec a
S»=*ror : Victoria & Pxxzec Eoosd D»c £S
CtKca — - S*a Ert-so» rx»c jj
Ba=i^ Newport ."......^. Dec a
Saa Pe<lro «-..- Hcmtoiit ......*.... D-c S
Rival— .—..... WTXIapa Harbor..... d»c 3
AUn^ii Sydaey a=,i Way Port». D«c 34
¦Wasirtsoaw .... T»cciaa ; . Dec^ Xt
Rcfc«rt DoCar.. Seattle — ................. Dec 2*
Sawfc* ........ HcaboMi d»c s
C W. Elder ... Portlaisd d*c U
Cor«=a".. ....... ~S*Trpart.. ................ Dec S
Mexioo ......... Myrtratn Ports........... Dec !«
Ctxraeao ........ Mfrtran Parts........... x>«c.' IT
CHJ«=: Cty.. Oeaceat CI^-. d«c IT
S«su Bosa. ™.{Saa.: D;*js..... — ......^ Dec IT
Xcrth F«rk ..;.!Hc=iboIdt ...... Dec 3
TCallJk WaHa-.-fVIctcrfa. ft Pn*et Eoc=<J Dec ts
TO SAIU
8t*a=er.
i Destination.
SalZa.
Pier.
Corona ....IXewport [Dec S. SaiaiPIerU
Arja {Coqrrfll- EiT_|l>ec H. ia«cttPl«r —
Sa=nKi {HudboMt 'Dec 22. 19 asiiPler 2
Enipire- . — fCooa Bar \thto. 22. 13 ePpi-t 13
It. Arena-.IPotat Ar-na .|&tc n. 2pcijPier 2
Ucsatilia ..(Vic * P^t 3.i-;D-c D, a »=i|Pler $
E-srsSa IHcaabolii iD«c. *Z, > fcxaiKsr 13
'Raialer [S«at* N.Wia[I>c. T2. Jpsa:P!er J
MaidaXiT -ICoq-sine RlT..[Dec. 22: l>an»;Pt*ri 1
Xortli Fork- HoinboLit {Dec 2X * ain'Pter J
C Xetoo3..]SeatUeAHoiio^I>«G. SS. -5 paajPier 2
S. Portla=d;Astarla4PtiiJ(I>ec. 22, « peppier
Seat* Kcsa;S*a IX«sa.... Dec 3. Ssus!Pl»rU
Koisa C3:y.f Seattle--.. . — Dec 3. 13 aa-Pter S>
FttlMa - M ..fA«MrlaiPtIc!. EVoc 23. 19 asi.'Pter 93
Keko HadSc&Waj- Dec 23L [Pie- JJ
Coytlc CJiinai Jasa=fl>ec Si. 1 paPM;3
Newlsary .. Grar» Harbor Dec 14. [Pier J
Persona ... Hssbclilt Dec 14. 3pct|pier J
CcIusibU..- Portlaaii Dec 14. llaia Pt«r3i
Bonlti Ne-wrpcrt D«c 2S. 9 amiPier u
Arca.ta Caaa Bay Dec S, 13 dfpier U
Zealand^ . Hocolnlu D»c 5». 2 pin! Pier 7
Qtieea Saa Df-ri---.} 0 *^ K. 5a=t:P!erU
Rival ......fWlKaya Ear..[Dec 3. [Pier 1
G. Dollar.. .[Grars EarbcriDec 25. (Pier *
Secatoc .... SearrledfcJUas. ! Dec 2S. UamEPter »
State of CaJt\lc 4 P^t Sd.fDec ST. U amiPler 9
R. DoIUr...]5e£ttl9£Taco!Dec. JT. ...TTTiPIer —
•zz. rises
¦tnx sets
ilocs rts«s (sev>
...... «:O a. ra.
C Ttzac TXsej iTt=a« Tt=:«i
£ Ft. Ft. S 1 Ft. — — J PL
» L W HW Jl. ."W H Wf
I «:« 5.1/ :9.-«3| S.J S:l4-JT?
H W L W H W I. W
I ...: 9JS 4.C 4^1 3-t 13:« S.5~i:«t— «.l
! ... 1:1* 4.11 5:«l 3.1 U:ZS 5.l! »J2— «.I
t ... l:53j «.»{ «:33l 3.9 UJ2 t.«! TilS'— «.«
.... 2:3[ 5.1 ..-31 5-1] 1:17? jjf I:SsJ— 8.1
!... 3-jK! i.r, 8:K 2.51 !:Ut 4Js 8:«H M
... »:ts? s.« t:ta| a.i{ a:3of i^'iaj 1.8
ALP TTTJ.rVQgOT:Sj>. Prep. «j^l \'»-.~~
PHONE 6OCTH .....TlTI.. 7717^3
AIX FOH Ft^T AXD FTK FOR *TJ.»
1 Starting TTVMOSRO»V (S«.tari»3r> 'CIGHT!
JfATTN-EE SCM)AI. I>DC jj.
I ETKI5AT NIGHT tsi HI d NEXT WEES!
G«a H. Bro*diiir»f« Cleersl FVtcfto2«,
WHY SMITH
LEFT rtOME.
Presented br •."Oer-r Co=?a=r oi OK=edI*=3
Direct Fro-a New Tork.
— — aiATINEE CHRISTMAS DAT 5
E">"XNIN'G— ISc. Sc, 33c. 50c aai T3c
atATTN'ES—^ISe. Sc. 23c aad 50c
NTTXT i Jic<3i Lett's Ever- J SHENANDOAHT
| l&szlsg Etx SI«rw ( EHSNANlX>AHt
TT HAS CAUGHT OX."
THE BIG EOLTDAT EXTTIAVaG-ANZA.
CINDERELLA!
By FEHRI3 HARTMAX.
WITH ITS LOADS OF HT1EOR. FCX AND
SPECTACLE.
HEAji THE PATEIOTIC FIKALB AXD
•¦STTXFLOWER ECE-~
Se- Oscar I* F«t« Ftae TRAXSFOHltATIOX.
THE FLOWERY KiNGDOM.
E'g> Eresiiy at S — llAti-<~» Sitardaj- at 2.
POPCL-S.K PRICES =» aoi 36 ceata.
Telerboae— Bc*^ >.
Bft&ft3\?¥I?
. 31ATIXKSS TO-KOEBOTTAND STTXT>AT.
I*A.ST TWO NIGHTS O3*
MADAME BDHERFLY
Preceded tr tl» Farnleat of AH Farces.
"A SERIOUS TAiNGLE."
SEATS— 15c. SS^, XSc. SOe.
StATIVEE SAXCHDAY JLXO SU?TDAT.
Xext Weei. DavfcS Bela»oo'i Lates* Tinisal
Bcccesa.
"iNAUGHTY ANTHONY."
EXTRA 1IATTXEE XMAS DAT.
)pens To=Morrow Eve.
3£a«=i£oc2t PrtsdaetJoa— DAVTD wsrr.aBnrva
rusea VTHTarr Bsoise^
the HEART OF MARYLAND
Evezr BryrtTic Vit-m c«*-i-*«r azad Bcradar.
EPECXAI. XHAS MATTXEE TUESDAT.
If IV Ej Mrtlsees— lOe as4 25c • Xo tl«her.
SEATS ON SALE A « < asg5&g" yi *
FISCHER'S co 1SfSJo, H^ SE *
COGZia. ANT> COOFEITS OO3CE33IAXS Ef
"THE WIDOW CEMENT"
A EOST OF SPECIALTIES :
AXD MUSICAL ACTSI
Rttit.xtd Sett*. Sc Matineeg Soagaj-.
~i©I£RCE'S|
pESCRIPTiOM
FOR WEAK WOMEfV,
Sale's. I Hale**.
r-^lSyisll the gamiest sale
m^^&im of games
*^Jv \ "^C/.L* m t ne historg of Hole's.
\ "W /^Jl ySj /?r/ces sharply reduced on more
sSofrfisrvo^^^is Mee^ hundred popu- m
* — -* ?L?\qJ!^^v Qa/nes.
pJ^t "' : ££$£'' l/dk Parchesi, was S; : now 75c
F^^^^^^O^S^p Chessindia, was 25c now I9c
|sS/V>^^iO3i aU 49c and 50c games, .now 38c
all l\z and So: gi~es. . .now 63c
all 98c to $1.15 games.. now S3c
PS^^^:^^-^ j§l all 25c to 30c games now I9c
f^^S/^HZ^M regular 15c and 20c games
regtilir $1.23 to $1. 50 £3.~es
so/e cf celluloid and gold-plated noreities.
valuable suggestions for puzzled and prudent gift seekers.
rve an added ttktuloi to rhe alr^a^v preat m.I*s to eie art ce«d:*-
d«irt=i*K bv ec=? u^der-Vrlced cr^r.res te| hand-painted celluloid
*^-I*l Tte ILs'.'is nc: lons-j^t four i:e=s- If you have not already
nutec?Vclc£ tr^id Trhat to tie readier of It may pay you well:
r^ersTST^^v triranxed e?ect*el« , oLoa^
Nr^^^^^^^-^ boxes, ash trajrs. hatr \ "^^^S^V
itf^'^r" — -r-^? 1^! 1 %. ~>'J?- receivers, je^elrr oo,^** Jj\ — ?^*»t*- l . _>
— = can be. Each c^ir 25c .
CeHiLlcId g'.cre, hanikerchief __
«<i la beatrttfel Coirer desirns. V<-"-* ~~2i '£¦ T 'l-J^/^t+tr&l
S»*. 1 H«V\ These inexpensive boxes nrako F?G££&-iir/\S&4&? }
/^"A^K' very dainty gid pretty X=as ><^gf^Tt£>*y*M
A>- ccst -wi:€3 a gl^t '-» received? V^-^CffeVvB 1 Ht v~n
<f$ms£*f' 21sj=t a pocket a=<5 various >- ; - s; =S l*-"""-'i
tartes will be helped by this ,» - -~~*^ «tAJ^t. t^-?*" \
(1[$^£5g>> b"**- 35c <v^
%^^^J^- Celljlcld gio-re asd handier- VyjfK V^\>f^
C^C"'*Jv"*"y ** fcasdsoine a« they are !=e-r- 1 '.^^fcsSLr*/. i IT%J*S: S
/^OrC«^^0 r«^ ive - Al=io« aay Mend S/^C^/fH '>€f&$ J
*>>^y"^fy wodd appreciate then as a <j^y^* : - V-vJ-^"ov*£?
-**^ LcHday rene=ihrazic«. Per »-t t*""K- - " *'^ > •
set 50c * ' OJ^
S«a-stlfd gl«>ve and handker-
chief fccxea witii pc!d-plaied bcct: tings and hand-painted cetlddd covers.
"CTe fcrc-w cf re glit fcr the money that win kindle greater appreciation.
Esxh S1.50 and S2.0O
?in cushions. AH sorts aid kinds frcm a be&ntiful ecshlon tr'nuaed with.
lac* aad rittcn do^ts ar E5c up tc very e!afcora.te aSLilrs at JT 50 each. A very
ftrcr.g- valus tz. these goods la a lace and ribboa trumed ctrshlos— 14 Inches
*«Wt«» ~ - S1.35
Market <-treet. near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate avenue.
¦c-4^ ¦»!¦ L TT.-P AB IT SHOI^D BTT
STTFAlg AST) "WASBZS, TBTJI.T
EHATTTCS, M3HL DOBIA,
•mt.t.-p CElSISTT2TA*S DOO, CA.T
AST) HOSTQET CISCTJS, HAI*
DAVIS AST) UTEZ HACAITLZY,
THE EAESOSY rOXTS, EPZN-
SES KELLY. PASTZEB TBOUPE,
GHEAT AMTHTrAK BIOGBAPH.
K««erre4 **«»«. Balcocy, 12c: Opera
C^iirs ani Bex 5»irs. ECc. _»
ilill^ee* rre.l-esdaj-. Eatnrcay and fcnday.
CO3£TTC5 NEXT WKJa.
Tt« G-«*ieat cT AH Va=irrd« ComStnatloES.
THE ORPHEUU ROAD SHOW!
t m f- *i ft - - . ¦ iii ffc *i «. » . • in ¦
AAI II 3/J ngfl EU PJ .C " Cl
V U L> U h 1 S_I A IHSIS "iliTZ:
E^RYMISHTTHIS^EEK, Endnsfisg Sesia j
MATTKES SA.TCEZ>AT.
FREDERICK WARDE
Wllii
MR. AND MRS. E. R. SPENCER
a -.¦» the Pt="?c8 CTaren:* it Brzne Cr=F*ny,
Is Ecyy q *l ••<»—¦«' Rsr-.tr.tig Ox=»-iy
THB DUKE^S JESTER
p.f — f-x KEXT 35OXDAT.
T K^-r^ts «^i X=^* a=4 Eanrfay Matinees.
PRIMROSE & OOGKSTADER
KlflOlnLLO.
HURRY
BETOPE IT'S TOO X-ATTr.
T-m^t Ttre« Perf«-=a=ce». 3£aiic*e Ba£3r£ay-
BEN HENDRICKS
OLE QLSON
X«t ETXI>AT ATTEEXOOX. ON"E \^ ITIK
JtlTTVEES T LtSDAT fCKHTSTHAS DAI)
AXD €ATCRI>AY.
rfcis aaS L«ust Season's B^ CSacsedy Eocoesa.
AT THE WHITE HORSE TAVE.iN
Per=l»«isi of Daniel and CSiarlea rvofcmaa.
ORAND OPSRA HOUSE
CROTTDED ALL THE TT3CE!
JIA'TNEES TOUOHP.OW. FT>T>AT AKD
CEiiisTMAS DAT.
Cac.ti==efi Ss-cejj rf ti»
OLIVER-LESLIE OOaCPAXT
LAST THSES NIGHTS,
ATALE of TWO CITIES
THE HIGGEcT KIT OF THE YEAB-
1I0NDAT— "AN OFFICER OF THE SEC-
OXD."
Evesaisc Prtce* — lOe, 1S«. 2S« «na SOe.
A le-w Iro=* rows tn crcfce«ra» T5«.
XatSacc Prices— 10c, 15e. 25« aad 50e,
tc titter.
Erasch Tt-*et OSIm — Esspertsat j
CHUTES ANDZ00.*2 r /ST I
BIG VAUDEWLLE SHOW!
COJIXENCINO TO-siORBOW:
CBAKD EPECTACUULR PEODUCTIONt
TEX DATE IX FAIHTLAjrDr*
Aid &A3TTA CI-A.C3 BAJLUETT!
t Sttasbcs* fsr Beats Pax* S. . ,
AT>v fjH'T '^K 1^ I* 1 N l~v^i
cOcn \MSS§
CobblerSeat Rockep
Solid Oak cr Mahogany—
elegantly finished.
SPECIAL PRICES
FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Estimates ob ccsplele hoase f"* 'if«*»'«<y
cfceerfdly rtven.
Fre« deitrerr wittlrt SCO siCcs on CS tracts
and orer.
CREDrr EXTENDED.
13 F? I L iTlA IS T »S,
33S-S42 Po«t Street.
Near PwrelL Open Eveni-js.
¥ has taken the placcl
I of Olive OU I
L^^ nice digtinctioas arepanfe.^
Pnlnnn' The«e hotds oos-
L alaLC £ei , tj. e attribntes
•m that tonrists 7- aad
SUCl travelers appreciate
—cectral location,
flrSlTlfl :' Eberal mana«e-
VII O.11U. ment. modern- a»-
TT , 4- r<«aina!tj and
il0t8iS perfect caisine.
American and £a-
Sea Frcjseheo ropean class.
5a ag^t * vPB B bk M
$£ q^ hi i^j p3 w& sTsJB
Dfl. CIOSSHAH SPECIFIC MIXTURE
for th< eur» cf GOXOSBBOSA. OZJSBTS,
£rrKICTCB£3 asd asaJocooa onmgtarnrs oe tk* :
prraas if nnmiilni - i>»i in/' i im. p '"itajilamiili
rno* ji a twtti*. rs«-«j« tjr-drcsnau. - _ •
DON'T HURRYIJSgf 1
Take time to see tfcatj^y 5
the label fcfirs the /ffiSsL, ~
tfc« real _/TMiwtaflPj_Blr new finds of coal are reported from
Alaska. The veins uncovered are from
five to nine feet thick and they extend
over a vast area.
Barney Schrelfcer, the bookmaker,
brought a.n action in trover In the United
6tate« Circuit Court yesterday against
the Crocker- Woolwcrth National Bonk of
Ear. Francisco and the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club. Schreiber alleges that th©
defendants have taken possession against
his will or consent of 600 shares of the
capital stock of the Jockey Club, of the
value of $£0.00'). He asks that the defend
ants may be compelled to pay that turn,
with costs and Interest
Barney Schreiber Sues a Bank.
The pupils of the Richmond school, of
which Mrs. A. E. Tiernan is principal,
held their Christmas closing exercises
Wednesday afternoon. The following
pupils furnished in a clever manner a
long programme: • Ruth Abraham, Anita
Hropny, Genevleve Ball, Alma Boge,
Clifton Tlcknor. Blanche McLean, Rich
ard McLean, Hazel Boyd. Frank Pierce,
Anna Ward, Mary Rice, Edna Anderson.
Edna Campbell. Frieda Wahnlg. Nora
Crow, Adele Brown and Daniel Watson.
Richmond School Exercises.
ATLANTA, Ga., Dec. 20.— Hon. W. J.
Bryan, in a telegram, to-day to the At
lanta Journal, declined to express himself
upon ex-President Cleveland's statement
which was published this morning.
Mr. Bryan said: "Until Mr. Cleveland
sets forth definitely what he considers
'Democratic principles' there is no neces
sity for .comment. The .rank and file of
the party expressed themselves in 1S96 and
in 1900 and I have no doubt they will con
tinue to express themselves on issues as
they arl6e. .
Unwilling to Express an Opinion
Concerning Alleged Violation of
_„- -¦ Democratic Principles. -^ ; ; •
BRYAN DECLINES TO
REPLY TO CLEVEIiAND
at this pastime, and the Ingleslde grounds
will soon resound with the music of their
hammerless shotguns. No time was lost
in making preliminary arrangements. The
first shoot will take place Sunday.
Phil Dwyer, the starter at Tanforan.
who ranks among the best tournament
shots In all the East, will be one of fhe
competitors. Of the bookmakers who are
fond of the game "Johnny" Coleman Is
the best known
When the weather moderates and the
ducks seek their favorite feeding places
on the Sulsun marshes all the gunmen
among the racing contingent will spend
their leisure on the preserves to which
they have the entree.
WARN A WOMAN TO
LEAVE OR BE KXLXJETD
Miss Bassett Receives an Anonymous
Communication Containing
Threats.
HAVDEM, Colo., Dec. 20.— The latest de
velopment in connection •with the reign of
terror in the Brown Park section of Rcutt
Co'inty is the publication of the following
warning to Miss Anna Basset t, who has
unt'l recently been "ivmjr with her father.
Postmaster at Ladore. ard assisting her
brother in their ranch work:
"November 12, 1900. — Anna 73assett, La
hore, Colo: You are requested to leave
that country fcr i-arts unknown within
thirty days or you will be killed Thirty
days for your life. COMMITTEE."
This noto was Inclosed in a letter bear
ing the postmark of Cheyenne, "Wyo.,
where it was mailed November 15, and haa
Just been made public by Miss Bassett,
who Is staying wltt friends in Craig. All
the members of the Bassett family except
ihe father have left the Brown Park
country. '-"TV *
Nearly 1.000,000 women In Spain work In
the Held as day laborers; 3oO,000 women
are registered as day servants— that Is.
they work for their food and lodging.
There Is no such class anywhere else.
Chairmen of Engineers, Firemen,
Conductors and the Brakemen
Say No Help Will Be Given.
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec. 20.— The striking
telegraph operators here say they will ac
cept nothing from tho Santa Fe Company
but an absolute granting of their de
mands. -
The trainmen's committee, in conference
with Third Vice President Barr, asked
that the striking operators be reinstated
as often as vacancies offered. L. C.
Badgeley, chairman of the local grievance
committee, says that nothing of this kind
will be accepted. •
The following telegram was received
here yesterday by Assistant Traffic Man
ager Blssell of the Santa Fe system from
Third Vice President J. II. Barr of Chi
cago:
"System Chairman Roddy of the Broth
erhood of Locomotive Engineers, Burke
of the Firemen, Hutton' of the Order of
Railway Conductors and Scott of the Or
der of Brakemen made public statement
last night over their signatures declining
to give striking telegraphers assistance."
STRIKING TELEGRAPHERS
STILL REMAIN FIRM
TOD SLOAN is trying his best to
banish all thoughts of racing and
of- governing bodies of the royal
sport from his mind. He did not
-visit Tanforan yesterday. As a
matter of fact, he shuns the track once
he lays aside the silken jacket of the
Jockey and^ gets as far away as possible
from the sound of the voices of the leath
er-lunged layers of odds.
The coming of "Captain Tod" means a
revival of interest in certain quarters In
trap shooting. Sloan and Phil Daly Jr.,
his traveling companion, are both adepts
SLOAN AND DALY HAVE ARRANGED TO MEET STARTER PHIL
DWYER AND BOOKMAKER JOHNNY COLEMAN AT THE TRAPS ON
THE 1NGLESIDE GROUNDS NEXT SUNDAY.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 20.— The old Car
roll cannery at Eleventh and D streets,
now owned by the Parrott estate and oc
cupied by B. Guggenheim & Bros, was
burned to-night, entailing- a loss of about
$40,000 on the owners and lessees. The
latter have a bfg contract with the Gov
ernment for desslcated potatoes, and all
the stock was destroyed. There was very
little insurance on the stock. The fire
will throw about 100 persons out ot em
ployment. The flames started in the dry
ing room. ,
Big Blaze at Sacramento.
At a meeting of the Park Commission
ers last night the principal topic for dis
cussion was the rapid Increase of the buf
falo family. There are now confined in
the buffalo park fifteen magnificent ani
mals, all in perfect condition. The in
crease is too great for the small space
allotted them, and the commissioners
have Instructed Superintendent McLaren
to dispose of six of the animals at $750
per head.
The San Francisco Construction Com
pany was awarded the contract for 2500
cubic yards of loam, at SO cents per yard.
PARK COKnvtlSSIONEIlS
HAVE BUFFALO TO SELL
Rapid Increase in Herd and Scarcity
of Space Cause for Their Dis
posal.
National Sporting 1 Club, a New Or
ganization, Arranges for
the Fight.
Th» National Sporting Club, a new box
ing organization, has been started by sev
eral well known business men. The board
of directors are: Leo P. Nolan of Nolan &
Sons: Dan P. Carter, cigar merchant;
Percy S. Henderson, Chief Wharfinger;
John F. Corrica, commirslon merchant;
Jesse E. Marks, Yosemite saloon; B. Bon
net, contractor, and J. J. Groom.
Percy 8. Henderson has been selected
as president and J. J. Groom as secretary
and manager. The officers of the club de
clare that none but high class talent will
be engaged.
Jack Root of Chicago and George Byers
of Boston have been matched by the club.
BOOT AND BYERS MATCHED.
punch and has a powerful short-arm
blow.
The preliminary fights were between
Attell and Bozeman, and Kelly and Flynn.
Abe Attell's first professional fight was a
victory. After ten rounds of hard fight
ing Attell was proclaimed the victor over
Jockey Bozeman. While the fight was
close enough for the crowd to hang upon
the referee's decision for a clew, the great
majority of the spectators were of the
opinion that Referee Jack Welch knew his
business when he pointed to Atteil as the
winner. The leading wa& primarily the
work of Attell, who offset the superior
strength of Bozeman by an exercise of a
mild sort of rleverness.
The second fight was between Doc
Flynn and Suider Kelly.
' "How do you do?" said Kelly.
"Glad to see you," said Flynn.
"Don't hit me," said the Doc.
"Don't come into my parlor," Bald the
Spider. . - t ¦ •
In the fourth round Ed Bowen, repre
senting the Columbia Club, wanted Ref
eree Lynch to call the fight that was not
a fight. The crowd jeered and hooted.
Some of the spectators wanted the lights
to go out. In the seventh round Doc
Flynn was caressed on the jaw and went
down. He got up before the call of time,
and received a few more affectionate taps
from the "Spider." Two rounds later
some more affectionate fistic demonstra
tions were administered by Kelly, and
Flynn almost succeeded in going out. At
the end of this round Referee Welch
stopped the fiasco and called it no con
test.
The referee said: "Flynn never was
anything but a faker. Kelly is a 'hua
been.' I tried to make them fight. Do
you think I am a worker of miracles?"
Alec Qreggains has issued a challenge in
behalf of "Dutch" Thurston. his protege,
who wants to meet Cribb at 145 pounds.
Throw* the Besponsibility for His
Acts Upon His Superior Offi
cers at Washington.
Customs Collector Stratton and Federal
Quarantine Officer Dr. Kinyoun had an
interview yesterday with reference to the
doctor's method of enforcing the Federal
Quarantine regulations and the dissatis
faction which seemc to prevail among the
members of the mercantile community.
Mr. Stratton declined to say anything
for publication beyond that "a report
would be sent to Washington • con
cerning the doctor's administration and
unpopularity," and that "something was
doing" in the matter. From the tone in
which Mr. Stratton spoke It was- evident
that the "something" that "was doing"
was of a decisive nature.
With reference to the interview between
Mmself and r>r. Kinyoun he said that the
doctor had shown him telegrams and
ether papers tending to prove that all the
doctor's orders with reference to quaran
tine had been issued in accordance with
instructions leceived from Washington.
It was understood on the outside that a
Ftrcng protest agpinst Dr. Kinyoun re
maining at this port was handed to the
Collector a few days ago. and that the
investlgation instituted by the Collector
was the result of instructions issued by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
KnnroiTN interviews
COLLECTOR STBATTON
OTTO CRIBB, fresh from Australia,
and rated as an able pugilist In
his own country, earned his Amer
ican fistic spurs last night by
knocking out Frank McConnell in
the fourth round of a fast figrht. Crlbb
proved himself a fighter, and by merit
of his performance against McConnell is
entitled to a match with welterweights
who have fame and reputation.
Once again the San Francisco ring pub
lic prejudged a new man In its old famil
iar way. McConnell was a 2 to 1 favorite
over the Australian, simply because he
was known • to the public and his antag
onist was a stranger. Cribb is a fast
fighter, relentless and full of determina
tion. He has the Australian method of
defense, body well in and shoulders as a
guard to his headpiece. He will take a
blow and smile. At long range he is awk
ward. Close In his speed and swift, short
jolty blows make him a dangerous and
much-to-be-feared pugilist.
When the gong sounds , Cribb went at
McConnell as if a knockout were his only
desire on earth. Boring Into the local
.men he cut out a pace so fast that it
flus-tered McConnell for a time, and gave
the crowd an Inkling of how the light
would terminate. But McConnell collected
his wite and by long-range fighting- kept
Cribb away from him. SUIT lefts by Mc-
Connell and steady, consistent, boring
tactics by Cribb was the story of the first
round.
Then the fight simmered a bit, but not
enough to lose any of its snappy quality.
The second round was a steadier one for
McConnell. who played a long range fira
at Cribb, while the last named waited for
a chance to use his deadly short-arm
Jolts. In the third round Cribb was at
McConnell all the time, the San Francis
can cleverly ducking and avoiding pun
ishment by clever foot work.
After that came the sudden wind-up.
At the outset of the fourth Cribb made a
rush at McConnell, who went to the
ropes. At the breakaway McConnell for
got himself and tried the Australian's
strongest tactics. In-fighting. At close
range both men rained blow after blow
upon each other. Across the ring they
fought until Cribb landed a stiff left Jolt
on McConnell's jaw, then a right followed
by a left- It was all over. McConnell
dropped on his back, and Referee 'Jack
Welch counted him out.
Cribb's performance last night was va
riously rated by ring-goers. To many he
seemed to have the stuff in him that
makes champions; to others he appeared
only as a good middle-rater. Whatever Is
said of him, that he is a fighter pure and
simple is not to be denied. He mixes
matters from the Jump, Is not afraid of a
Twmty-two bookmakers cut in.
Frank Eckert was a new comer on the
block. -
Johnny Coleman had a good bet down
on Alas.
Pupil usually shows some speed, but ap
parently had none yesterday.
Grey-field will take some beating- for the
Chrlnmas handicap.
Following are to-day's entries:
• Copyrighted. 1900. by W. A. Martin. All right*
reserved.)
Fim rac*-Six furlongi; Inree-year-cldt:
r-urs*:
J«M The Buffoon.... 99". 1511 Honduran 99
HW O«nejo *\ 1470 Summer :1C2
150* Bamt>ouUa .... «» 1«5 William F 99
UW v;il?sando »| 143* Grey Bob 9$
11^ ArtUla 93: lill Phoenissa 104
Parmenlon y» Jim McGowan.104
peconi race — Mile and an eighth; four-year-
Ot4a and up; rPlling:
r*l L'.mellrht 1CT, 13.^6 Dare II 107
I-in Hohentche 113; 1416 Ilogalbra 119
1M2 r»ni Uance 107) 1^20 Don L<uis 107
l. r ,12 Hallfita 109. 14»4 Rey del Band's.107
lyiTTwkle T*1nk..lGT t ITA Lou Rey 110
1439 Acrobat ..107 1506 Colonel Root. ..107
Third race — One mile; three-year-olds and
ur: *»!linir:
HS6 Ki<-kumbob .... & 1517 Aetor 107
jr.1T Hir'm Johnwn.lOO 1507 Sir- Kingston... KM
IM3 Alarta 107 (l.'.lO)McXamara ....100
1«JS O«nlr.r Event.102 I 1506 Osmond 107
1425 Judge Shr'pshr. »» 1315 Lough Derg 100
Fourth me*— £ix furlonr*; two-year-old*;
pur**:
1052 Mr*. nrunen...ll5'<1492)Arllcu!ate IIS
tlatt) Brutal lR| (UfS)Flatterer US
U4?£>Cou*ar ll£i<14Sl»Bard of Avon.. 115
149* Courtier ns;(14S0)AndraUus 115
14SS Seide ll*'<.ljW)B«rnota 115
Fifth nee — Seven furlongs; two-year-olds
ttj<5 up: parse:
<14>T)Lennep 112] 1372 Autumn 112
<lt*4)Dan«"r« Maid..lO7i .... Telamon >4
250: Marechal Neil.. 941
Elxth race — Six and a half furlongs; two
y«-tr-ol<!» and up: MlUn*:
1454 Pilot 100 14S« Mike Wc« 109
14«S 21&xelln J05: 1507 Cyril 105
<14S7)L<-iFt Oirl 1""1 14W The Singer 10*
<lS07)Boundlee 10« 1504 Leipzig 103
IK'S Oalanihus ....'. "»j 1467 Mitten 100
liOO Scotch Belle ... Ml U17 La Mascot ta... 106
Probable Winners.
F"lr»T rar^ — Ii&mboulia. Gliwando, Formenlon.
Second race-Lou Rfy, Dare II, Rosalbra.
Third net— A*tr.r, Klekumbob. McNamara.
Fourth race — Andrattua, Articulate, Baid of
Avon. W?W
Tifth race— Tflamon, Lennep, Autumn.
Sixth race— Bounfile*. Cyril, Galanthus.
¦ • ¦
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 20.— Weather
cloudy: track plow. Results:
One mile, selllm— B<"He of Orleans won. Sil
ver Coin second. Lady Curxon third. Time.
1:48.
Seven furlongs. •ell!nj-<Seoriria Gardner won,
Balic «*eond. Al*ie M third. Time. VM.
One mile and a sixteenth, nelllng — Strangest
wen. Sauber second. Alvln W third. Time.
J:57V4.
Fix furlong*. hand!e8.p— Senator Beveridir*
wen. Tom Collins second, Tom Kingsley third.
Time. i:i>.
<*ne inMe and fifty yard* — Indian won. Emlirra
second, £pur» tnlrd. Time. 1:UV*.
Fevcn furlong*, aeiiinr— Matin won. Educate
second. Tea Gown third. Time, 1:S4.
Track Notes.
Redoubtable Tommy Burns made his re
appeajance in the Schorr colors for the
f.rTt time this season at Tanforan Park
yesterday. The crack lightweight of the
\Vt-3tcrn turf wan warmly greeted, espe
cially fo by the fair sex In the stand, as
h« oame out on th*- back cf Ordnug in the
opening' event. Tcrnmy rode with his ac
customed dash and vigor, the ginger he
cr.thutes Into his work being really re
freshing, and later on nearly tipped over
the hottest choice of the day. The inci
dent rcterred to happened at the conclu
tion of the mile and a sixteenth handicap.
This markt-d the debut of Bob Smith's
coed horse, Gr#vfe:d. wh«ch. with l>ang
::.,•¦. end Ub pounds up. was. backed to a
standstill at odd* of 6 to 5 and even
jnci.ey. Tne Kasurner is an extraord
inarily slow beginner, and Burns nstride
1 .:¦•..•¦* ..:,•¦ within an ace of plucking
iht pli'm. '1 h«" field was email, and Woods
uaae the rurnir? with Free L^tnce to the
stretch, mbeti buns picked It up. Dang
man now ri-alizj-JI that he must do some
•.hHig j-nd Ugan riuing the favorite hard.
His moui.t re*pond*"d and gradually drew
up on even term* witn <Jre*nock. Right
tit rt Burns- 1 (-sorted to a llitle piece of
trukery that h* would do well to cut
cut Uearing in toward the rail he did
hi:? best to leg-lock Uangman and or.ly
j^rtly succeeding lost the decision by a
1 « kc in a ¦lei-periu*' dri\e that would cause
An Ktkimo clothed in a linen duster
and sandals to j>erspire. Opponent, ehow
11.1$ markt-d impro\ f-ment over his race of
tin; preceding aay. ran a close third.
'lhe tracK wri« heavy. a:id b?fldes Grey
fflu. Ada N and Fea Lion were the only
two cfcofcea »uk to gather any moss. Al
t«reth~r it could be voted the best ses
etaa ol sport since the opening on Monday
l&PL
"Curly" Shields rprur.g a warm one in
Jerid, which took trie opening six and a
r-alf furlong selling affair at odds of 8 and
Id. The chestnut sprinter beat his field
i»way from the barrier, and though Pres
tJQiritator was* a trifle troublesome as the
wire was neared. won by ;i Ion? neck.
With a stro!ig*r rider on "the latter hcrse
than 'itti*- Daly ifce result might have
b«n reversed. Ordnung, the favorite, did
r.ot set-m possessed of his iisual supply
of speed, finishing third. Pupil, too, ran
Cssappoimfngly.
An indifferent start worked the defeat
of Charley .Kilison's erratic performer,
Astor. favorite for the mile event, de
cided under celling conditions. Off sev
enth, Coburn was compelled to ride
around tnc bunch, covering nearly a six
teenth more than the rail horses. Ha
reached the wire in time to lose by half
a length to Wallonptetn, the Corrigan en
try. Jennie Reid made quite a flattering
showing out in the lead for a time, and
only lost the place by a scant head.
\\ innie O'Connor had the leg up on Ada
JC, favorite for the two-year-old dash for
fillies, scoring very cleverly. Edna
Brown, from the stable of Bob Smith,
came from tenth position, taking the
place. Barney Schrelbere Merida led
Thracia out for the short end of the purse
Mamie Kildreth carried some scattering
support at long odds, but unfortunately
the melon remains uncut, as she was left
at the piFt.
It is now becoming the proper thing to
"I>r«*p" one at lnjjleside and then slip
over to Tanforan for the "killing." Alas
wa.= dropped in the fifth event with
ninety pounds up, and those in on the
know got a long price against their
money. With J. Waldo In the saddle the
filly pa.«?ed Walkenshaw, the first choice.
three furlongs from home, and won gal
loping. Under O'Connor's persuasive
rioini? Lamachus landed In third place.
Tommy Burns put Sea Lion over th»
plate, winner of the closing event, earn
ing his first pair of brackets. The Schorr
horse rul«^d a 7 to 10 favorite, and the re-
Fiilt never looked in doubt from the time
the barrier was released. Lady Meddle
fnme came on from fourth position, se
curing the place almost easily from
Donator.
Loses by a Nosi on Greenock,
in an Effort to Down
• Greyfeld.
¦
Three Winning Favorites at Tan
f oran Park — Jerid First at Long
Odds — Alas a Big: Sur
prise.
By F. E. Mulholland.
TOMMY BURNS
FRISKY AS EVER
Mr. Kruger started for The Hague thig
afternoon. The farewell scenes were a
repetition of the enthusiasm manifested
on his arrival here.
A special from Johannesburg, dated De
cember 19, says that heavy cannon fire
was heard the morning of that date porth
of Krugersdorp.
CAPE TOWN, Dec. 20.— The invasion of
Cape Colony is spreading. It is reported
that the Boers have occupied Colesburg,
south of Phlllippolis, and near the Orange
River colony frontier. ; The people here
are much disturbed. A mixed force of 1000
men was dispatched north yesterday even
ing.
AMSTERDAM, Dec. 20.— Mr. Kruger at
tended a crowded meeting to-day In the
Nieuwe Kerk. The speakers declared
Great Britain had sold her birthright for
a handful of gold, and that the Continen
tal powers would forever bear the brand
of Cain unless they intervened in South
Africa.
Subsequently Mr. Kruger repaired to the
Palace of Industry, where 5000 schoolboys
welcomed him with a choral.
* The Boers from Rhenoster Hoek are
being followed closely from Venterstadt,
which they left . at 6 o'clock yesterday
evening, going In the direction of Steyns
burg.
"The Important points on the railroad
and the neighborhood are well guarded.
I hope the band will soon be driven north
again."
"The Colesburg district," says the cor
respondent. "Is seething with anti-British
excitement. A recrudescence of rebellion
is perceptible in the district immediately
south of the Orange River. Tuesday
morning a fight was proceeding at Phll
lippstown, presumably with a commando
which crossed at Sand Drift."
The following dispatch has been re
ceived from General Kitchener, dated
Pretoria, Wednesday, December 19:
"A party. of Boers, estimated at from
oOO to 800, hasicrossed the Orange River at
Rhenoster, Hoek.
"A second band is reported to have
crossed near Sand Drift. They have been
followed. I have sent a considerable body
of mounted men, who are getting around
them.
Considerable activity is now manifested
at Aldershot. A large draft of 'mounted
troops. will be ready to start for South Af
rica January 6, while others have been no
tified to hold themselves in readiness for
the came destination.
According to the Cape Town correspond
ent of the Daily Mail, wiring yesterday,
the treason court sitting in Colesburg
was obliged hurriedly to remove to Cape
Town with the records and documents
owing to the vicinity or the invading
Boers. ¦¦:-> -.'.. v'a- ' ¦
LONDON, Dec. 21.— Since Lord Kitche
ner's dispatch fully confirming the Inva
sion of Cape Colony and expressing " a
hope not to capture the Boers but only to
"drive them north again," not a word haa
boen Issued officially as to the situation.
Colesburg Reported to Have Been
Occupied and the People in the
Vicinity Are Very Much
-Excited.
Recrudescence of Rebellion
Noticeable South. of
Orange River.
BOERS CROSSING
INTO CAPE COLONY
Accident Is Caused by the Breaking
of a Small Valve Gate
of the Fort Pitt
BEAVER FALLS. Pa.. Dec. 20.— Three
bouse9 were wrecked and seven persons
injured by two natural gas explosions
here to-day. The injured:
Three-year-old son of Frank Barnes,
burned fatally; or.e-year-old daughter of
Frank Barnes, burned seriously, may die;
Mrs. Frank Burnes, burned about head
and hands; Frank Barnes, burned slight
ly; Mrs. H. A. Moore, burned slightly
about head; Mrs. Henry Cooper, burned
sllphtly; Mary Moore, burned about head.
The first explosion occurred about 4
o'clock in Mrs. Celia Cox's house, where
the Barnes family lived. Ga3 had accum
ulated In the lower part of the house, hav
ing followed the water pipe from the
street. The explosion was followed by
fire, which spread to the adjoining dwell
ing and both were consumed, the occu
pants barely escaping with their lives.
An hour later the residence of H. A.
Moore, just across the street, was torn to
pieces by a terrific explosion. The in
mates were slightly burned.
The property I033 Is estimated at 110.000.
The explosions were caused by the break-
Ing of a valve gate of the Fort Pitt gaa
line.
Three Houses Are Wrecked
and Damage Is Estimated
at $10,000.
GAS EXPLOSION
INJURES MANY
McCONNELL KNOCKED
OUT IN FOUR ROUNDS
Otto Cribb Proves a Fast Fighter-Kelly
and Flynn in a Fake.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21. 1900
Raeetraek Has No Allurements for the
Diminutive Joekey.
CAPTAIN TOD READY
FOR TR APSHOOTING
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
TANFORAN* PARK, THURSDAY. DECEMBER Hi-Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
151«l. FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs; idling; three-year-olds and up; purge. HOP.
IPo.I ', , Betting
Index Horse. Age. Welght/iPst St. %. V,. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
14S« Jerid. 4 &6 23 12 11 It) In Domlnick .. 6 10 7 6-2
1494 PrertldiKltator. 3. 91 3 1 2 1 2h 2 2 2 2 J. Daly 10 10 10 4
«491) Ordnung, 4 105 7J5 3 H 3h 4h 8h T. Burns... S-2 11-5 2 4-5
fl4<$) 'Matt Ho&an, 3... 91 86 4V4*l >n 48 Ransch 10 80 80 10
1<43 Pupil, 3 103 67 72 76 51 61 O'Connor... 5 8 8 3
OSOS) Anjou. 3 103 VI 61 6h '62 62 Mounce .... 3 5 8-2 9-5
Viable Davis. 4.. 99 4 8 8 8 8 7 1 W. Waldo.. 5 20 15 8
C1494) IMocorito. a »61 51 4 Eh 5h 7 1 8 . |J. Martin... 4 S 8 8
Time— 1-18, :06»i; 5-18, :!1; S-16, :56; «V4f. 1:22U. Good start. Won first three driving:. Win
ner. J. H. Shields & Co.'s ch. g. by Eabine-Fedalma. Jcrld had a world of speed and wan
exce-llently ridden. With stronger riding Prestidigitator might have landed. Ordnung acted
•or*. Pupil no spe*d. Anjou cut off early. Mocorlto no speed. Scratched — Plohn 103, Novla
S6. Pat Mi>rrl«My lO^Comln* Even t^ 91. • .-.---..,---,---- ,,-.¦, .-,
J5I7. SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, HOQ.
j IPoTj U Betting
Index Horse. Atre. Weierht.lI'st'St. U. H. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
186S Wallen?tein. 3.... 9fl J4 In 21 12 1HJ. Waldo... 5-2 6 6 2
l.'-nj Astor 6 102 8 7 72 8H 82 2nB Coburn 2 8 3 6-5
144S Jennie Reid. 4... 99 18 2 1% 1 U 2 1 3 H Martin ..... 5 6 * 8-5
1504 Formatus. 3 101 43 31 42 43 42 Mounce 10 20 15 6
1472 Ln. Maseotta. a.. 101 6 1 4h 8 10 64 66 O'Connor 3 5 8 2
1L04 Illiram Johneon.3. 90 9 9 83 5h 6 l i 68 Ransch 15 30 30 10
Km IMaydlne, 3 95 3 2 Bh "h 737 10 Dangman ..6 8 8 3
149« Will Fay. 3...:... 90 7 5 6 V4 6 h ? 30 8 80 J. Daly 20 30 30 12
1<S5 lGlengaber. 4 i»9| 5 8 9 i> t 9 Domlnick .. 10 IS 15 5
Time —^4. :27: %. :S2%t: %. 1:19: mile, 1:46. Fair Btart. Won first three driving. "Winner, E.
Corriiran'* br. k. by Imp. Artillery-Ventura, Afctor was much the best. Coburn was away
poorly and had to circle his field. Winner enjoyed clear sailing. Jennie Reid tired near
the close. FormatUB worth watching. Too far for La Mascotta. Scratched— Lou Rey 112,
J 4 *^"'^ ~~~^ .~w~- ,~~v ~~ »~~.
1518. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; two-year-old fillies; purs», $350.
| j |P~o7j f Betting -^
Index IHoree and Weight. I Pst'St. %. %. 1%. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1498 Ada N 10T. 7|6 !h 2 1* In 12 O'Connor ... 3 2 3-2 3-S
.... Edna Brown 9r. 5 110 10 8 1 8 1 2 3 Dangman .. 8 10 10 S
\m IMertda 105 1)2 «H 4# 4h 34 Buchanan.. 6 10 10 4
isno JThrarla ..95 4|3 8h 3h C2 4h J. Walsh.... 10 10 10 4
U14 Illluslon IB! 11 j 5 62 61 6 >4 5 3 Ransch 4 8 8 3
1S«5 IHownhParted ....105 9|1 11 13 2h 62 BanBingrer ..10 20 20 8
UH 'Loneliness 105 68 91 94 82 71 Cobum 10 10 8 8
KM lArtona 103! 3 9 «2 51-71 83 J. Waldo.... 7 20 20 g
1226 !I>uc*>ra »| 814 8h 71 84 95 Phelan 20 60 40 15
I ISham P5| 10 I 7 7 2 10 19 10 J. Martin... 7 10 8 3
! 1498 (Mamie Hlldreth-105|, 2 1 Left IMounce 10 20 20 ><'
Time— S-16. :l»vj; 7-n, :44; 5^f. 1:10. Fair start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
Winner. C. L. Jon?*' b. f. by Herald-Santa Rcsa. With more luck Edna Brown would
r,ave »on. Too fast for Thraela. Artena off poorly. Sham was backed. So waa Mamie
Hlldreth onthe J^rctchetl— R^JundheadlO.^ .-. ,-.' ~ - '- -
151f>. FOt'P.TH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; handicap; three-year-olds and up; pursa,
1515. ' \ ; .
j [PoT] ]/¦ - Betting — -^
Index Hornp. Age. 'Weight. IPst St. V*. M- Str. Fin. Jockeye. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
lOreyfeld. 4 1121 12 4h 4h 22 Ins Dangman .. 1 6-5 1 2-5
1T.15 lOirenoek. 3 107 35 5 22 In 24 T. Burns.... 8-5 11-5 2 1-2
1510 lOpponent, 5 102J 2 1 Sh3H3H35 Coburn 7 12 10 11-5
1475 iFr^e Lane*. B....1ASI 4 3 ' 1 Ui Mi 4 6 4 6 J. Woods... 8 10 10 > 2
lg>4 iM«-adow Lark. a..l0i! 8 4 2h 5 8 S Mounce 30 75 50 10
Time— 1-16. :0€%; S-16. :2Z%; 7-16. :46; 13-16, 1-.24H; 1 I-16m, 1:50^. -Good start. "Won first
three driving. Winner, R. A. Smith's ch. h. by Azra-Anadema. Grayfeld a slow beginner
but wonderful »>tretch runner. Burns on Greenock did his best to leg-lock Dangman. Op
ponent ran a. vastly improved race. Lance had early speed. Scratched— La Borgia 100, Lou
RffM^^ -o-^-o-o-^^w^^^^-^-^-w -
1R2O. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
| ~ PoTl '¦ I, — Betting s
Index Horse, Ag«. Weight. PstjSt. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Od. Hi. a. PL
1S7» Ala*. 3 90) 9 9 7 15 1 1111 J. Waldo.... 10 10 6 "Ti
1502, Walkenshaw. 6. ..112! 8 4 4^ 3H 2324 Coburn ..... 1 - 11-5 8-5 7-10
1499 llAmachus, 3 1031 6 3 3h 62 3h 31 O'Connor... 2 4 4 6-5
1S5J IMary Klnsella. 5. 69' 4 2 927h 43 45 Domlnick ..8 8 6 2
1503 La Borgia, 3 9028 52 8 4 «h 5HJ." Walsh.... 4.6 6 2
1489 Don Luis. 5 106 56 11 2h 61 61 J. Wood*.... 8 40 40 IS
1370 Cboteau. 3 1^0 1 1 2h 4h'73 74 J. Martin... 20 30 30 10
1J98 None Such, 5 102 76 9 98182F. Kelly.... 20 30 80 10
1426 Perseus, a 9» 3 7 <1 lh » 9 Ransch..... 20 40 40 : 15
Tim*?— U. :V>\i: H. :52^: «4. l:U\i: mile. 1<43. Good start. 'Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, H. C. Ahlcr's ch. t. by Hcrald-Alaeco. Winner bad been -erarklnjy
watches at Ingleslde. Walkenshaw none too game. Lamachus hard ridden and did his
best. La Borgia in eighteen pockets. Perseus stopped.
1521. SIXTH RACE-Seven and a half furlongs;. soiling: four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
. — - j __ , , Betting — ¦»
Index Horse, Age, "Weight. Pst St. %. H. 8tr. Fin. Jockeys. -Op. ; Hi. . Cl. 1 PJ?
1453 Sea Lion. 4 Ill 8 11411 11H13 T. Burns.... 4-5 4-B 7-10 1-3
1JC1 L. Meddles'me, 4.104 6 4SH45 84 23 O'Connor... 2 4 4 6-5
O40K> Donator, 5 102 4 6 52 2n8%8 5 Ransch...... 8. 80 20 ' >: - T
O4I7) Montallade, a ...102 6 5 66 66 43 48 Mounce 8 12 13 4
1507 Flamero. 4 102 1 2 21 SH 56 B4 Martin r.... 6 10 1 10 4
1418 Limelight. 4 102 7 3 4% 5H 64 64 Domlnick-.. S • 25 - . 20 7
1491 Lothian. 4 106 3 77 7 7 7 Coburn .'..'.. 10 80 30 6
Time— 1-16. :07; 3-16. :19«4: 6-16. :32M: 11-16. 1:11; 7Hf. 1:37. Good start. '> Won easily. Second
and third dri^-lng. Winner. J. F. Schorr's b. h. by imp. Deceiver-imp. Bea View. -Sea Lion'
th» beet and simply barked in. Donator came from behind- with some showing ' of speed.
Flaniero quit Lothian no use for the golnj. Scratched-St Wood 105,"; Tortlda 104, ¦ Synla
¦ - - . ~ ...
8
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
_1_OFTHE5 — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
AACHEN AND MUNICH
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
|~|F AIX-LA-CHAPELLH. Germany, on the
v 31st day of December, A. D. 1899, x and for
the year ending: on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
(10 and fill of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. ,
Cash ! Market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ...$789,S57 50
Cash In Company's Office 804 41
Cash in Banks 89,332 66
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 920 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 84,366 23
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks...... 1.150 92
Total" Assets $915,933 77
LTABTLnTES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid S7.S41 fl
Losses In process of Adjustment or in
BuBpen»e •41,439 ?J
I^ses resisted. Including expenses 5,175 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. «405.87B 4S; re-
insurance 50 per cent... W2.937 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-'
nlnir more than one year, $191,344 09;
reinsurance pro rata.................... 109.38S ?4
Due and accrued lor salaries, rent, etc. lit 69
AH other demands arainst the com-
pany 25,180 H
Total Liabilities .....W31.584 44
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums '. .."....$481,006 SI
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from all
other sources ........ ..i. 15,857 W
Received from all other sources.. 20 72
Total*Income 1 $607,133 22
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire losses (In- -
cludlnir S2C.7SS SI. . losses of previous
years) .'.............: $823,919 63
Paid '¦¦ or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage :..... 95.770 37
Paid for Salaries. - Fees , and . other
'charges for officers, clerks, etc 61.474 12
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 19.W4 SS
All other payments and expenditures.. 33.097 53
¦ .Total Expendlturea $533,524 7Z
¦'¦ ' Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year '...$343,773 65
Risks . and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net • amount L of ,, risks • v
written . during- the
year........... $43,4S2.4M $818.432 99
Net amount of risks
. expired • during the
year 42,142.279 640,453 71
Net- amount In force •.
December 31. 1899.... 48, 443, 689 837.C9 SS
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— - OF THE
Scottish Union aM National
IKURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. SCX>TLANI>, ON THE
3lBt day of December, A. D. 1S99, and for
the year ending on that day, aa made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $ 203, SOS 24
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,259.432 45
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,014,110 42
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral .... 1,900 00
Cash In Company's Office - 844 02
Cash In Banks 215,765 81
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20.862 91
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 19.500 12
Premiums in due course of collection 327,260 94
Total Assets $4,063,484 41
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid. $ 74,478 63
Losees In process of adjustment or.-ir <v
In suspense 197,616 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 14,665 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,602,416 86;
reinsurance 60 per cent 801,208 «
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,930,-
492 38; reinsurance pro rata 1,022.839 16
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
c-c 2,000 00
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due $5,693 1$
Total Liabilities $2,148,500 37
¦INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ..-.;..-.T.r... $2,199,400 22
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 67,2«5 52
Received for interest and. dividends
on. Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 71.120 78
Total Income $2,344. 7S6 47
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid ' for Fire Losses
. (including $319,625 94, losses of pre- "
vious years) , ...$1,750.116 20
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage ....'....... 477,623 85
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for of fleers, - clerks, etc.. 118,56163
Paid for State. Xatlonal and Local . ¦
taxes ..f. 84.285 90
All other payments and expendlturea 117,529 01
Total Expenditures $2,648.096 69
JAS. H.' BREWSTER, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23d
day of January. 1900. >
CLARKSON N. FOWLER.
Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT 1
R. C.MBDCRAFT, General Agent,
819 California Street 6, P.
6 AN FRANCISCO CITY AGENTS 1
MANHE1M; DIBBER N : & CO.,
217 Sansome Street, S. F.* ;
JPAUVLESS
A&y&^Sfci^ EXTHACTION
, /lEaiy, -^"^jag^jgfc 5O cts.
d^^-iBfrngSfarasr '-' Our ; $5.00 >, Plates
WE/BQFKtrwl&rMtPf ' ; ' fit like a glove.
- , v^^" \' «1°% OEART STREET
I Between Hyde and Lerkln.':'
. TeleDhon* Polk 1135. I
SX/\XJEyV\EINX
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦TV:'— — OP THE!
HANOVER
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF JTEW
Tork. on the Slst day of December, A. D.
1599, and for the year ending; on that day, aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by the Coml
mlssloner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, oald up In
Casn • ¦ $1.000.00000
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company 1450.000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages t. GOO 00
Ca.»h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.227.JM 00
Cash In Company's Office 53 624 5;
Cash In Banks : 64,915 37
Interest due and accrued.- on all
Stocks and L<*ans 2«.21* 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and. Mortgages - go r*
Premiums In due Course of Collection 21S.S4J 83
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 12.483 4?
Total Assets .t3.0Sa.478 3«
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $1M.42S 6,n
Losves in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 75.16* 2»
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. u jjj g«
GroM premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning; one year or less, $1,034,036 19;
reinsurance SO per cent 547 IMS 1 a
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '
nlng* more than one year. S1.294.-
723 SS; reinsurance pro rata ggj tM n
Reinsurance premiums T!,th S3
Total Liabilities .*l.«3,6«0~«7
INCOME. ; ¦
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums n tss Mo ~
Reeeived for Interest on Bonds aad '
Mortgages ITS S3
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bond?, Btocks, Loans and from
all other sources • » ¦„ .,
Received for Rents ". jfJS n
Received from all other sources 6&53S 50
Total Income .$1,»7S,J«8 47
EXPENDITURES. . =
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding S178.401 El, lesses of previous
years) ¦ n nqi 7*0 r?
Dividends to Stockholders lon'oS ro
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .' its as* n
Paid - for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 1S2 m at
Paid for State. National and Locai
taxes -. , MiMi«
All other payment* and expenditure* lioloei 20
Total Expenditures ..........$i.m.m 7«
Losses Incurred during- the year t!ioam 07
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premluma?
Net amount of Risks ~~ ~ " ~~
written during- the
tm - m - M W»"in"
expired during; the - . " '
NeT ar arnounVVn"force ¦ 1 * fa - W t6 "- OT »
December 31, 1899..... 22H79.839 2.S68.83S 07
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD.
§ INCORPORATED 1850.
CHARTER PERPETUAL.
I9OO— J ANUAR Y-I9OO
SCHEDCLE OP ASSETS.
The Assets of the Company are as fellows:
Mortgage Loans $1,100,840 09
Collateral Loans CO.000 00
Real Estate 221.700 00
Cash on hand and In Bank 224.&S S3
Cash la hands of Agents.. ............ 174.358 10
BO>TDS.
Par Market
Value. Value,
Dominion of Canada, 4% $U)O.C0O J102.-")
State of Georsrla. 4H per cent. 23.000 28.7M
Territory of Arlxona 60.000 43.500
City of Astoria, OMgoa....... 17.000 13.020
City of Dallas. Texas 12.000 12.«00
City of Duluth. Minn 3.20* S.20«
City of Farro. N. D.. €-,...... «.0OO 6,360
City of Fargo. N. D.. "%.,.... >,000 9.630
City of Helena. Mont W.00O 21.40)
City of Mlddletown. Conn.... 10.C00 10.300
City of Pawtucket, R. I...... 80.000 21.500
City of Portland. Oregon 15,000 23.750
City of Richmond. Va 60,000 tO.OOO
City of Salem, Oregon 11,000 11.880
City of Salt Lake. Utah 40.004 44.000
City or Seattle. Wash 25.000 £>.3C0
City of Urbana, Ohio 15,000 13.0CO
Hennepln Co. & Minneapolis
City. Minn I5.009 28.0TO
Wayne County, Michigan . ZS.00O 2S.2S4
Mankato School Disc. Minn.. 15,000 lC.v« 0
School District No. 24, Marlon
Co.. Oregon 13.00* 14,040
South School District Notes.
Hartford B.00* 25.000
Rl'k Rocks & Eallsb'y B*ca
St. R. R. Co 10,000 10,000
Broadway & Seventh Avenue
R. R. Co 20.000 21.000
C. B. & Q. R. R. Co.. 2H%.. 8.000 S.CTO
C, B. & Q. R. R. Co.. *,%.... «,000 tl20
C, B. 4b Q. R. R. Co.. Con-
solidated 7 rer cent B.000 8 800
Chic, St. Lcuis St X. Orleans
R. R. Co 2S.0M 24.250
Chic. & Northw. R, R. Co.... (.000 5,4U>
Chicago tt Western Indiana
R. R. Co.... 13,000 28.CO
Cin.. D. & Ironton R. R. Co..
Guaranteed 13.000- 1A.S0O
Cin., Hamilton 4b Dayton R.
R. Co M.OOO (2,600
Clev., Cin.. Chic. & St. I*
R. R. Co W.00O ».jno
Cleveland Electric R'y Co 20.000 20lG0u
Clev. & Mahonlng Valley R.
R. Co W.000 12,o«>
Dayton & Michigan R. R. Co 25,000 n.5C0
Detroit, Grand Kaaids & W.
R. R- Co 8.500 S.290
Fttchburg R. R. Co 60 000 52.500
Harl. Rlv. & Portchester R,
R. Co.. Guaranteed 40,000 HSM
Hartford Street Railway Co.. 25.00O 25.£»
Illinois Central R. R. Co 25 000 24.500
Lehigh Valley Railway Co... 25,000 2S.250
Lynn & Boston Railway Co.. 10,000 10,600
Minneapolis & St. Louis It
R. Co £0,000 4S.0OJ
Norfolk A Western R. R. Co. 2S.000 23.250
North Chicago St. R. R. Co.. 10.000 16.500
N. Y. Central 4 H. R. R. R.
Company ... — 25.000 26.5CO
X. Y.. Lack. & Western R.
R. Co 23,000 2«.23O
X. Y.. X. H. & H. R. R. Co..
Deb't Certificates 40 CGO 55 750
Penn. & N. Y. Canal & R.
R- Co 23.0C0 W.SC0
Port Reading R. R. Co 10.000 10 500
Southern Pacific R. R. Co 33.CCa 40*950
St. Lcuis & San Francisco R.
R. Co 25.000 25.000
Toledo & Ohio Central R. R.
Company 13,000 15.J0O
Waterbury. Ct., Traction Co. 10.000 10.200
W. Chicago St. R. R. Co 10.000 lO.jCO
W. Chicago St. R. R. Tun-
nel Co 10.000 W.10O
Adams Express Co 23,000 2S.0U)
Brooklyn Wharf & Ware-
- house Co 73,000 87.<¥O
Chicago Edison Company 25.000 27.CCO
Hartford Electric Light Co... 10.000 10.SJO
Minneapolis Gas Light Co.... 25.000 25,;*)
People's Gaa Light & Coke
Co.. Chicago 23.000 26.330
Northwestern Telea^-aph Co... 15.0CO 18.aOO
Central Safety Deposit Co..
Chicago 13,000 , 15.000
Traders' Safe & Trust Co.,
Chicago 10.000 10.0CO
¦ STOCKS.
150 shares BM Eacle Val. R.
R. Co., Guaranteed 7,500 H63
$94 shares Chic. Bur. &. Quln-
cy R. R. Co 33.400 4S.0SS
150 shares Chicago & N. W.
R. R. Co 15,000 C.7C0
142 shares Chic, R. L & Pa-
cific R. R. Co 2U00 25.SM
150 shares N. Y. C. A Hudson
R. R. R. Co 13.000 ».H»
»75 shares N. Y.. N. H. A H.
R. R. Co J7.JC0 .7.83
800 shares Pitts., F. W. &
Chic. R. R. Co ." 80.000 M.0«>
200 shares Emp. A B. S. Tele.
Co.. Guaranteed 20 000 14.900
600 shares Northwestern Tele.
Co., Guaranteed JO.OCO W.2C0
1S7 shares fust Nat. Bank.
Minneapolis 18,780 1S.700
100 shares Imp. & Traders*
Nat. B'k. N. Y 10.000 60.000
11 shares Second Nat. Bank,
New Haven .'. 1,100 L470
100 shares Aetna National
Bank. Hartfcrd 10.000 18,800
93 shares Charter Oak Nat.
Bank, Hartford 9.300 1,270
IK shares Far. & Mech. Nat.
Bank,. Hartford 12.500 14.250
135 shares First Nat. Bank.
Hartford 18,500 21.C9O
800 shares Hartford National
Bank, Hartford *>,000 40.50ft
412 shares Nat. Exchange
Bank. Hartford 20.«00 23.33*
150 shares Phcenix National
Bank. Hartford j. 15.000 I3.000
45 shares Conn. Trust & 3. D.
Co., Hartford *.50O 1,323
$1.870.S0« JJ.C97.S39
Total Assets J3.se3.t5i 73
SUMMARY.
Cash Capital • ~..»l.<xy>.M0 M
Reserve for Reinsurance 1.5W.397 U
All outstanding claims 200,714 00
Net Surplus 1.03S.839 71
Total Assets J3.S69.451 73
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT 1
•411 California St., San Francisco.
BENJAMIN <I. SMITH, ManaieM
COLIN At. BOYD, Ajjcnt forSaa PranJUco.
S AML. R. "WEED, of Weed & Kennedy. . I. REMSEN LANE. President. "
-' '• T : U. S. Managers. . • CHAS. A.- SHAW su^T?r!2.
Buhscrtbed and eworn to before me this. 17th Subscribed and sworn to before TrS^ m7.' *»%.
day of January. 1900. . day of January. 1900. me.,uila nth
BVCTSHBBCK. Notary Public. _ JOS. McCORD. Notary Pablia
PACIFIC COAST DEF^RTmENX
423 CALIFORNIA STREET. *
ALFRED R.; GRIM, Assistant Manager/ * . CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager
; GUi-MESSINGER and HARTDT RASCHEN, San Francisco/ City Managers.
.Telephone Main 272. : *
¦ •¦ ¦ --.-...; - -.-,-.Have a Look - at Them.
'. The . most beautiful i ladles' ; shoes ; ever
made will be sold I to-morrow ; for $1 E3 a
pair. { Only a few words about thl« shoe.
Madel of vici kid, hand ' turned, stylish,
coin toe, worth $3 60; sold for Jl S5 at the
shoe trust sale of the - Bee Hive Shoe Com
pany. 717 Market street, near Third. •
pany and continued in the capacity for j
many years.
Almost to the day of his death Mr. Foor
man took an active interest in the politi
cal interests of his adopted country. At
the last Presidential election he insisted
upon being permitted to leave his sick
room and was driven to the polls, where
he cast his vote— a straight Republican
one. The heroic act of the old gentleman
received a complimentary little notice In
the columns of The Call, and the article
was forwarded by Congressman Julius
Kahn to the President. This article
brought forth a charming little note from
the President to Mr. Foorman thanking
him for his interest in the Republican
party.
Deceased was an extremely charitable
man, and many poor and needy will
mourn his loss. He was one of the foun
ders of the Eureka Benevolent Associa
tion and a member of the Pacific Lodge,
San Francisco Chapter of Masons, and
also of the Concordia Club.
The funeral of the. aged philanthropist
will be held Sunday morning from his
late residence on California street. The
interment will take place in the Home of
Peace Cemetery.
ANOTHER pioneer passed away
yesterday when Simon Foorman
crossed to the great beyond, j The
wTll-known mining -man died
at his home. 2022 California
street. At his bedside were Mrs. Foor
man, who, for forty-two years has been
a devoted wife, and their only son, Isaac
S. Foorman.
Mr. Foorman was born in Diefenthal,
Hessen. Germany, November 15, 1818. He
came to the United States in 1S47 and
eettled in Ohio. His stay In Ohio wa^
short, and early in 1S50 he Joined the
goldseekers and Journeyed across the
plains.
In August. 1S50, Mr. Foorman settled on
Mokelumne Hill, Calaveras County, and
became prominently identified with the
mining interests of that section. He was
one of the incorporators of the Mokel
umne Hill Canal Company, incorporated
In 1S64 and reincorporated in 1858 under
the name of Mokelumne Hiil and Campo
6eco Canal Company, in 1872 Mr. Foor
man was elected president of the com-
BEARS TREE SCHOOL
CHILDREN FOR HOURS
VANCOUVER, B. C, Deo. 20.— To be
pursued by bears on the way home from
school is an experience that fell to the lot
of James McDonald and Helen Blayney.
who live at Maple Ridge, B. C. The girls
ere aged respectively thirteen and four
teen. They were detained In school on
Tuesday afternoon. Daylight had gone
when they were released and started
homeward. The district is sparsely Bet
tied, and on their way along the trail
Two Girls Are Prisoners All Night While
Animals Prowl Near Them.
through the uncleared timber they un
wisely turned aside from the path to
gather holly berries. When they tried to
retrace their eteps they failed to find the
path. While they stumbled about in the
gathering gloom they found something
tney were not looking for, and that was a
big black bear. ( . v ~'*'
As they turned to run they found an
other bear behind them. Almost faint
ing with terror, they fled over stumps and
fallen trees, f past great boulders and
through .thick brush, for off the trail the
country about Maple Ridge Is very wild.
The bears pursued them for an hour, but
finally desisted, and the frightened chil
dren sought shelter from the pouring rain
In a hollow tree. There they remained dur
ing the night and all the following day,
venturing out only to pluck a few winter
berries. The storm increased In intensity,
and all through Wednesday the tired, wet,
cold and hungry girls remained prisoners,
not daring to leave their shelter. It was
early on Thursday morning before thev
were found by the rescuing party which
had been searching for them more than
thirty hours. One of the bears was shot
forty yards from their hiding place by
Helen Blayney's father, and the other
bear made off into the woods.
MRS. MANNING SAYS
HER HUSBAND KICKED Hp.H
Wife of Former Pugilist Complains
of Brutal Treatment, but Fails
to Appear in Court.
LOS ANGELES. Dec 20.— Professor
Billy Manning, ex-pugilist, but now a
"professor of physical culture," was to
have been tried before Justice Austin this
morning, on a charge t>t battery on • his
last wife, but only the physlclaji's testi
mony was taken and the hearing was con
tinued until Monday. The complaining
witness was ¦ not on hand nor was the
"professor," but these informalities were
waived, and as the doctor did not want to
have another day spoiled his testimony
was taken. •
As near as can be ascertained the last
Mrs, Manning had roused the ire of her
lord and master and he disciplined her.
Mr. Manning believes in vigorous meas
ures, and while the professor declares that
he used no more force than was absolute
ly necessary under the circumstances Mrs.
Manning declares she was almost killed.
Not only was she knocked down several
times, she declares, but while she waa
lying prostrate on the fioor and could not
defend herself her husband repeatedly
kicked her in the abdomen and groin and
but for the fact that she was fully dressed
and had on her stays she thinks she
would have- been killed. . .
The row took place at the Manning
mansion on Pico street. The physician
testified that he met Mrs. Manning at the
elevator in the Currier block when <she
was looking for a phvsldan. He took
her to his office and made an examina
tion, finding numerous bruises on the
body which might have been made by the
vigorous application of a heavy boot or
shoe. One bruise on the. groin was.es
pecially severe.
Murphy's Suit Dismissed.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 20.— The suit of B. D.
Murphy against J. H. Henry to restrain
the latter from disposing of 1500 'Shares
of the Santa Clara and San Jose Electric
Railway, and In which a temporary re
straining order had. been secured, was dis
missed in Judge Rhodes' court this morn
ing when called • for trial. Murphy- had
pledged the stock of the road and other
property to secure a loan of $14,000. • Henry
threatened to sell the stock In a lump and
Murphy alleged this would be to his tletri
ment He asked if it be sold at 'all lt'b«
done in blocks of 100 shares. - A compro
mise has evidently been reached.
Funds for Hospitals.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 20.— A conference
was held in. the State Capitol to-day be
tween' the State Board of Examiners and
the managers * of the > various State hos
pitals for the Insane. The purpose of the
conference was to receive and . act upon
estimates' for improvements at those in
stitutions and also the amount which each
will ask in the way. of an appropriation
'at the hands of the forthcoming Legis
lature. The ; morning session was passed
In the discussion of the details of the Im
provements: proposed ' at the Stockton
Asylum aggregating $40,000.
Guardians of i Peace Dance.
SAN, JOSE, ; Dec.: 20.— The., second an
nual policemen's ball was held at Turn
William White, Charged ¦With Steal
ing a Horse in West Riverside,
Captured in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 20.— A man who
for two years has succeeded in evading
the officers of the law was arrested in this
city this morning and sent back to an
swer for his crime in Riverside County in
1898 W. White stole a horse and buggy
at South Riverside. He was well known
in that • county and before the news of
the theft became public White went to a
¦well-known rancher and contracted for
$300 worth,. of turkeys, which he was to
bring to Los Angeles and sell and remit
the money to the rancher. He got his
turkeys and dropped out of sight as com
pletely as if the earth had swallowed him.
A reward was offered for the capture of
White and Sheriff Coburn of Riverside
County has been looking for the man ever
since, covering several hundred miles in
his search, but without success.
Several days ago Detective Elms of this
city got a tip that the man was in Los
Angeles. He finally located his man at
307 East Seventh street, where he was liv
ing with his wife and child and conducted
a sort of junk and repair shop under the
name of William Black,* having reversed
the color of his name. Elms had taken
the precaution to .have all the papers
made out and this morning he and Sheriff
Coburn went to White's place. The man
was sweeping the sidewalk and as soon as
Coburn saw nlm he knew he was the one
he was after.
After his arrest White admitted that he
was the man wanted. Before leaving with
the officers White turned over his pocket
book to his wife and gave her Instructions
about closing up the business, saying that
he did not know when he would be back.
FUGITIVE ARRESTED
APTEB TWO YEARS
Ep«dal Dispatch to The CaJl.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 2O.-Mrs. J. B, M. Pret
tyman. who came here recently from
Portland. Oregon, where she was relieved
of $1200 in . a bunko game, has fallen a
victim to swindlers for a second time.
This time she alleges I960 of her money
passed into the hands of Fred Salkeld and
I. Ldttell. who were the promoters of a
minstrel show recently given here.
Mrs. Prettyman, whose husband la in
the East, came here to spend the winter.
For a time she stopped at the St. James
Hotel, where she met Uttell and Salkeld.
Bhe told the men of her adventure with
swindlers in Portland and of .losing $1200.
They sympathized with her and won their
way into her good graces. ';
About the 1st of December. Salkeld. it
is claimed, came to Mrs. Prettyman with
the Btory that, he had a chance to buy
the good will and business of the New
York bakery for $1000. He exhibited what
purported to be a draft on^a San Fran
cisco bank for SSOO, but said he hated to
use that and wanted to borrow some
money. Mrs. Prettyman gave him }2oO.
In the next few days, according to her
statements, he got $330 at different time*.
Saturday he applied for more money. He
i,aid he wanted to rent the premises of
the bakery and by paying a year in ad
vance he could get it for $30 per month.
Mrs Prettyman readily , complied and
gave him the moneyl Investigation
showed that the New York bakery was
n( As soo S n' as this last sum was procured
LUtell and Salkeld left the city. Mrs.
Prettyman reported the matter to the
District Atorney, and on his advice she
swore to a warrant before Juktice Rosen
thai to-day charging Salkeld with obtain
ing money under false pretenses.
Salkeld and Littell cut quite a figure in
the city here during the past month. They
spent money like lords and claiming "to
Elks were entertained and dined by promi
nent members of the order.
Mrs. J. B. M. Prettyman, Now Living
at San Jose, Claims -Fred
Salkeld Talked Her Out
of Hundreds.
SAYS SHE HAS ONCE
MORE BEEN SWINDLED
Hirschfeld, which resulted In the last
named being told that his services were
no longer required.
Manager Leahy always ma«.es it a point
to carefully note any errors in the first
few performances of a production, ; and
with that object In view he sat put t the
second presentation of "Cinderella pa
Tuesday. He made a note of certain mis
takes, and after the performance called
on Director Hirschfeld.
THE LATE SIMON FOORMAN, WHO PASSED AWAY AT HIS RESI
DENCE IN THIS CITY YESTERDAY AFTER A LONG LIFE OF AC
TIVITY AND USEFULNESS.
THE FORMER AND THE NE"W
LEADER OF THE TIVOLI'S
ORCHESTRA.
GILRO"t, Dec. 20.— A ouiet home wed
ding was solemnized at the residence of
Mrs. George Headen, near Gilroy, yester
day_morning, when her daughter. Miss
Lola Headen, was united in marriage to
Jesse J. Inman of San Jose. Rev. Mr. In
nes of the Methodist Episcopal church
performed the ceremony, which waa fol
lowed by a wedding breakfast.
Wedded at Gilroy.
Verein Hall to-night. Several hundred
couples were present. The errand march
was led by Chief of Police Kidward an.l
his daughter, Miss Carrie Kidward. Re
ceipts from the ball go Into the treasury
of the Policemen's Benefit Association.
"Max, I want to draw your attention
to certain things," said Manager Leahy
to the director, and proceeded to tell .him
of the errors made by some of the com
pany and also by the stage hands, which
the manager thought Hirschfeld was re
sponsible for.
The musical director refused to admit
that he was responsible for the errors
noted by Manager Leahy., and with a
sweep of his hand said:
"I am the musical director here and it
is for me to note any errors in the per
formance. I do not want you to tell me
my business, and if you don't like the
way I do things you can get another
leader."
"See here, Hirschfeld," said Leahy, "I
am tired of your constant bluffs to quit
us every time anything is pointed out to
you, and this time your bluff Is called.
You can leave the theater for good and
we will have a leader who does not think
that he Is the whole show."
Arrangements were at once made to re
place Hirschfeld by William Robinson,
who led the orchestra for the nrat time
last evening.
The new leader of the Tivoli was born
in London and was a pupil of the late Sir
Arthur Sullivan at the Royal Academy of
Music in London. For eight years he was
musical director for D'Oyly Carte, the
original producer of all the Gilbert and
Sullivan operas. Mr. Robinson came to
America with Lydia Thompson some
years ago and has been director of or
chestra for the Castle Square companies
in New York and Chicago. He succeeded
Director Slmonson with the Southwell
Company and recently wielded the baton
for "Ship Ahoy," when Ferris Hartman
starred in that play.
MANY comments were made last
evening by the patrons of the
Tivoli at the presence in the
director's chair of William Rob
inson, who made so favorable
an impression when he led the orchestra
of the Southwell Opera Company last sea
son. ' ;
The fact that Max Hirschfeld did not
conduct the performance of "Cinderella"
and that his name was ' eliminated from
the programme gave rise to many rumors,
for it has always been thought that the
Teutonic leader was a "fixture" at the
popular theater on Eddy str-;-et.
The presence_of_IMrector Robinsonand
the absence d TliFpch"feTd~is""*iue to a ver"
bal conflict which took place last Tuesday
evening between Manager Leahy and
EXPLOSIDH OF
GASES WRECKS
A PHARMACY
Oterdeener's Drugstore at
Santa Clara Is Partially
Destroyed.
CLERK HAS A NARROW ESCAPE
Finemen Driven From the Building
by Dense Volumes of Smoke
and Poisonous Fumes
of Chemicals.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA. Dec. 30.— An explosion
la the drug store of Dr. S. Oberdeener
early yesterday morning caused a. loss of
about $5000.
Clerk Baer opened the pharmacy at a
quarter after 7 and almost immediately
heard an explosion in the laboratory back
of the store. Taking a lamp he went to
investigate. Upon entering the room a
terT'fic explosion occurred. He was
thrown to the floor, his eyebrows and ha:r
vere burned away and he was almost
dunned. The store is in the business cen
ter and clerks from other stores came to
}..s assistance.
ii was found that a fi\e-Rallon can of
caibcn bisulphide, one of the most volatile
...: known t-ul^tances, had in leaning gen
erated gas suitic.ent to burst the can. lib
erated it immediately filled the laboratory
with pas and only the llame of the lamp
yas needed to ignite it. Tne Fire Depart
ment endeavored to e-et at the nair-es
irom the front of the store, but the fumes
of the chemicals and volumes of smoke
crove •Them to the street. The flames
vere finally eubaued by streams from the
second story and from the meat market
adjoining, which was badly wrecked
ii'Jlh plaxes were drenched with water.
l»r. Oberdeencr. who is a member of the.
iiLate Board of Pharmacy, had an im
luense stock, the value of which was
neariy JH'.OXi. Insurance $5500.
LETTER-CARRIEB CHARGED
WITH RIFLING MAIL
E. E. Wai den of Phoenix Falls Into
Trap Set for Him by
Inspectors.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 20.— E. E. Wal
den. a letter-carrier of the Phoenix post
<;Sice, was arrested to-day for taking,
concealing- and embezzling a letter con
taining valuables, the arrest being made
et the instance of Postofflce Inspector N.
B. Hall.
For a long time crooked work has been
going on, presumably in this postoffice,
end many valuable letters have been
missed. Some time ago $200 disappeared
mysteriously from the money-order de
partment during the momentary absence
of the money-order clerk. Of a force of
eome ten or fifteen employes suspicion
rested on Walden and a trap was laid for
him. A decoy letter was fixed up con
taining two silver dollars and bearing the
Omaha postmark. It was addressed to
Flng Wo and bore a? well Chinese charac
ters on the envelope. The letter was
placed in Walden' s delivery pouch.
When he came in from his rounds he
prepared to leave the office, checking him
telf out by the clocklike machine for that
purpose. Inspector Hall met him at the
door and aeked him for the letter ad
dressed to Sing Wo. He drew it from his
pocket, paying he paw It had money in it
and put It there for safe keeping. He Is
a married man. and his rapid life first
fcxoused suspicion against him.
n>TESEST3 THE OO.AJ3X.
PostoULce Changes and List of Pen
sions Granted.
TTASHTTCGTON'. I>ec. 20.— Poetofflees
discontinued: California— Humboldt, Plu
mas County, Bend mall to Prattvllle.
Oregron— Vanslckle, Umatllla County, send
mail to Helix. Washington — Fife, Pierce
County, send mail to Edgewood.
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon-
John A- 8mlth, Elkton; Jennie M. Pope,
Elkhora. Washington— Thomas J. At
wood. Sultan. Appointed: California—Al
bert Murbach, Ross. Marin County, vice
Harry B. Field, resigned; W. H. Macy,
San Dimas. Los Angeles County, vice Hu
bert Knox, resigned. Washington— O. N.
Erickson, Auburn, King County, vice P.
H. McMahon, resigned ; Z. B. Sutton, Dole,
Clark County, vice F. W. Hurst, resigned.
Petitions issued: California— Original-
Henry M. Crawford, Hopland. $8; George
P. Terrill. Cedarville, 16. Increase — Thom
ne Wilson. Soldiers' Hone, Los Angeles,
*1<>: Philip J. Flynn, Los Angeles, $10;
George W. Corry, Sawtelle, J8.
Oregon— Increase— Alexander C. Martin
Amity. fl2.
On motion of Julius Kahn. Henry I.
Kowalsky of San Francisco was to-day
admitted to practice before the Supreme
TIVOLI ORCHESTRA
HAS A NEW LEADER
William Robinson Is Engaged in Place
of Max Hirsehfeld.
SIMON FOGRMAN DIES
AT AN ADVANCED AGE
Long and Useful Life Identified With
Early State Interests.
Prof essor Carl Becker.
; BERLIN, . ' Dec. 20.— Prof essor Carl
Becker, ¦ the German ¦ historical painter
died. to-day, aged 80.
BERKELEY. Dec. . 10.— Leonldas M.-
Coleman, - a freshman in the College , of
Natural Sciences, died this morning in an
Oakland sanitarium. : Death • was caused
by pneumonia,". .which "-he- contracted a
week ago while taking an examination in
the unheated university gymnasium.
Death of a Student.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20.— Aaron G. Crane
is dead at his eon's residence, in Orange,
N. J., aged 86 years. He was for years an
Importer of. this city, having, branch of
fices in Charleston, S. C, and . New Or
leans. In 1870 he became a member of a
stock brokerage house and retired from
active business life in 1885. • - .
Aaron O. Crane.
. SAN JOSE, Dec. 20.— Mrs. Eliza Wright,
widow of G. W. Wright, one of the pio
neer newspaper men of Santa Clara
County, died at her home at Santa' Clara
yesterday. She was a native of Ohio and
TO years of age. Two sons, Horace G.
Wright, editor of the Paso Robles Leader,
and E. S. Wright, survive her. The re
mains will be taken to Holllster : for in
terment. . . ¦ .
Mrs. Eliza Wright.
MOKELUMNE HILL, Dec. 2O.-James
Madison Glnn, a pioneer of 1849 and for
nearly forty years a resident of this town,
died suddenly at the County Hospital at
San Andreas last Tuesday at the age of
seventy-eight. He has been totally blind
for the past few years. Was a classical
scholar and accomplished vocalist, and in
his younger days was leader of one of the
largest church choirs In the city of Bos
ton. \ ¦?•: '\\
James M. Glnn.
BERKBLiEY, Dec. 20.— Mrs. Mary Fos
ter, a pioneer woman of this city, died
last night at her home, 1411 Oxford street.
Her illness was contracted at the time of
the death of her husband, D. A. Foster,
less than two weeks ago. The deceased
was a native of Edinburgh, Scotland,
aged 61 years. She had resided in this
city for the last seventeen years. Mrs.
Foster leaves two daughters, Mrs. George
Strieker and Ml3s Grace Foster, and four
sons — Charles, Harry, George and Frank
Foster. Funeral services win be held to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock from the
family residence. The Interment will be
in Mountain View Cemetery.
NAPA. Dec. 20.— The body of John M.
Caldwell, an Inmate of the Veterans'
Home, was discovered in Napa River
above the Third-street bridge this morn
ing. It is supposed he fell In the river
on Wednesday evening. He was a native
of Ireland, aged 66 years.
Death of Pioneer Woman.
Drowned in Kapa River.
MONTEREY, Dec. 20.— News comes here
from the abalond fisheries at Carmel Bay
that considerable damage was wrought
there by the hard but short storm of Fri
day last. A number of boats were
smashed, among them being the diving
boat, which contained valuable diving ap
paratus. •
Diving Boat Lost.
SAN MIGUEL, Dec. 20.— Two men were
arrested and locked up here yesterday
afternoon after a lively chase. The men
are wanted at Salinas on the charge of
waylaying: and robbing a prominent citi
zen of that city last Sunday evening.
They came here on the afternoon freight
and Immediately headed for the river, but
the Constable and posse who were lylns
in wait for them, started In pursuit. Four
shots were fired before the men were cap
tured and then they made a desperate ef
fort to escape.
Believed to Be Highwaymen.
DUNSMUIR, Dec. 20.— Within the past
twenty-four hours torrents of rain have
fallen at times In sheets which seemed to
be almost a cloudburst. A landslide oc
curred half a mile north of Castle Crag
seventy-five feet long and an average of
fifteen feet In depth. It will require many
hours to remove the tons of earth. The
southbound Oregon express. No. .15, is at
Dunsmulr. The northbound express. No.
12, is at Castle Crag waiting for the
tracks to be cleared. The mountain ridges
show a deep snowfall, while the rain con
tinues unabated.
VANXOLTVER. Dec. 20.— It was a sad I
story of useless sacrifice and misplaced j
devotion to duty that was brought to
night by the survivors ' of the ¦wrecked
steamer Alpha, who arrived on the Gov
ernment steamer t.'uadra. The nine lives
lost might all have been saved, according
to their shipmates, but there was no In- ,
surance on the Alpha and the managing j
owner, Sam Barber, who was on board,!
was only a minor shareholder in the ,ves- •
sel, and to preserve the unprotected Inter- I
ests'of his associates he made a mad at- |
tempt to ri>;ht the doomed ship.
With the sa..pper. Captain Vork. and his
brother, • Purser Barber, Sam Barber anrt
six volunteers from the crew refused to
follow their shipmates aiongr the lines to
safety, but remained on the wrecK. The
survivors say it was pitiful to see the-r
futile efforts. The Alpna was high on the
rocks, but the higher waxes broke over
her constantly, and through her bottom
the cargo flowed out as the sea flowed .n,
and yet the unfortunate nine deliberate
ly remained on the doomed vessel until It
was too late.
Chief Otticer Wilkinson says the wreck
was not due to the Alpha's punning in the
darkness on the rocky reef known as Yel
low Island.- On the contrary the skipper
knew his location perfectly, although
there was a fearful gale and the darkness
was Inky.
The trouble was that the Alpha failed
to respond to her helm, her steering gear
having become tangled. They were per
fectly helpless to avert the doom which
they knew was inevitable. They could
do nothing but await the completion of
the disaster. s
It Is said here to-day that It was part of
tha Alpha's recognized hoodoo that It
was not until the day after the details of
the wreck were known that Special
Treasury Agent Link should arrive here
from Washington to arrange terms with
the owners as to the penalty to be Im
posed for her unauthorized trip to Nome
last season. It was fear of being confis
cated for that episode which Induced her
owners to charter the Alpha for Japan
on her last and fatal trip.
Landslide at Castle Crag.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Survivors Say the Wreck Was Caused
by the Failure of the Vesssl
to Respond to Her
MIGHT EASILY HAVE ESCAPED
Barter and His Companions
Make a Mad Effort to
Save ttie Vessel.
SACRIFICE
OF LIVES ON
SINKIHG ALPHA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1900.
9
Special Dispatch to Tho OalL
THE DAY'S DEAD.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALL RIGHT IN BISCUITS
* *t ¦
But a Poor Medicine.
Common soda is all right in Its place
and indispenslble in the kitchen and for
cooking and washing purposes, but soda
waa never Intended for medicine, and peo-
ple who use it as such will some day-
regret it. ¦.""¦• ;¦•- --¦'- '-
The common use of soda to relieve heart-
burn and sour stomach is a habit -which
thousands of people practice almost dally,
and one which Is fraught with danger.
Soda gives only temporary relief, and In
the end the stomach trouble gets worse
and worse.
The soda acts as a mechanical Irritant
to the walls of the stomach and bowels,
and cases are on record where It accumu-
lates in the intestines, causing death by
Inflammation or peritonitis.
Dr. Harlandson recommends as the
ealest and surest cure for sour stomach
(acid dyspepsia) the dally use after meaU
of an excellent preparation, sold by
druggists under', the name of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets. These tablets are i
large 20-grain lozenges, pleasant to th«
taste and containing natural peptones '
and digestive elements necessary to good i
digestion, and which all weak stomachs
a stuart'B Dyspepsia Tablets used regu-
larly after meals digest the food prompt- i
ly and thoroughly before It has time to
ferment, sour and poison the blood and
nervous system. .
Dr. Wuerth states that he Invariably
uses and recommends Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets in all forms of stomach derange-
ment, and finds them a certain cure not
only 'or sour stomach, but by causing
prompt digestion of the food they create
a healthy appetite, Increase flesh and
strengthen the action of the heart and
They are not a cathartic and contain no
violent drug, but are intended only for
stomach diseases and faulty digestion, and
generally acknowledged to be the most
reliable cure for any stomach trouble
except cancer of the stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets now enjoy
an International reputation and popular-
ity, and are sold by druggists everywhere
In the United States. Canada and Qreat
Britain. ' '
| Why don't you
"Ko=Nut"
A sterilized Cocoanut Fat for
Shortening and Frying.
¦ Try it, and you will never
use Butter or Lard again.
Never gets rancid.
Guaranteed free from Ani-
mal Matter.
Ask your grocer or write
India Refining: Co.,
Philadelphia.
>OT*^ VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
4 «3 F * i SfflL. MORMON BISHOP'S PILL8
Jg* ft i nrt have been In use over fifty
B&vl^Piffa years by the lead»T3 of the
sj8*vft=J«m Mormon Church and their fol-
H»? £ 5i'i5lE5S lowers. Positively cures the
Ks&WStSSSI w o«"»t caa«s In old ajid young
hSl^ULV 1 fSsr arlslnsr from effects of »elf-
«3LnSn>£2«f abus*. dissipation, excesses or
wPS&IvmI cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
vmMT Manhood, Impotency. Loat
TgjjBafi' Power. Nizht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Laine Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mm Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *3 fj nrous Twitching
of Eyelids, Efffcur^nT-ire, Immediate.
Impart vl*oc and *»«•« * w potency to every
function- Don't «et despondent; a cure Is at
hand. Restores small. ¦ undeveloped orsans.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 60c a
box; € for Jl 60 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded withSboxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REltDT CO.. 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO.,
88 and 40 Third *^j3Sh&E£&8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
8a OPEN* EVENINGS. 3
I BUYERS |
§ ATTENTION II
I 'Musical!
i j Gift is not only the most accect- fi
' s) able, but most profitable. Mu- £4
¦ j sicians are in demand; they Rj
29 make money. Buy a musical In- In
|$k ftrument, learn to play it; you £2
gt then have a profession. ti
•1 LOOK over this list, i
{? A MANDOLIN at....... .83.00 fi
tjkt The best ever offered. la
f& A GUITAR, with grit pi
|R strings, at SO.oOiQ
BTI Nothing like it on the market 1 1
JB» A VIOLIN at ST.oOii
(M That has never been equaled ¦ I
ttr in this country. ri j
JK 1 We sell Music Boxes. Banjos. B|
I 1^ Zithers, Harmonicas, Cornets, n
4 Flutes. Clarionets — In fact. Hi
i 5 everything known In music — fJ
9 and are the largest piano deal- *j
9 ers on the coast. \\
\ ft We are sole agents for U
W KNABE PIANOS. «J
I 71 Investigate our plan of sell- A
»4 Ing; It la the easiest and best. m
1 KOHLER & CHASE, d
jB 26-30 O'Farrell St., .1
|P5b San Francisco. fi^y
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
SILVER
JUBILEE!
DONATION DAYS:
December 20th,
December 21st,
December 22d,
December 24th.
Donations of money and
supplies of all kinds thank-
fully received
At 227 SUTTER STREET
(Coulter's Rattan Work*.)
STATEMENT
— OF THB-—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THB
CONNECTICUT MUTUAL
! LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
r\ F HARTFORD. E* THE STATE OK CON-
VF necticut. on th« Slat day of December. A.
D. 1599, and for the year ending on that day,
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
I State of California, pursuant to the require-
rnrnts of Section (13 of the Political Coda of
- Ud ASSETS.
Net Talus of Real Estate owned by
the Company JH.6U.JT7 33
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate 2S.192.K7 M
Amount of Loans secured by pledgs
Of Bonds, Stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral S.%0 00
Premium notes and loans in any
form taken in payment of pr»-
' mlums on policies now in fore* 829.M8 SS
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by the Company 23.751.S84 M
Amount of Cash deposited in Banks 85«,*17 U
Interest due and accrued 183.777 S3
Rents due and accrued 16.O& 03
Net amount of premium* in process
of collection and of deferred pre-
mium! ~ - 83,313 13
Total Assets.. <S4.S33.339 n
UABITJTTES.
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid JS4.r« M
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments in process of adjust-
ment, or adjusted but not due.... 348.233 00
Claims resisted by the Company K.C2 oo
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables of Mortality, with
four per cent Interest SS.S33.SS3 to
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders 88S,9«7 M
! All other HabUitU* ?. SS3.1M H
| Total UablUUa* S57.S7S.598 02
i INCOMB. — — — — —
i Cash received for premiums on new
policies during the year |MJ.«t 13
I Cash received for renewal of pre-
' mlums during the year 4.5S1.I75 SI
I Casn received for sale of annuities. 12.9U 30
i Cash received for interest »,«2«,J71 73
: Cash received for rents 362.775 SS
; Cash received from all other sources 81130 70
Total Income..... J8.007.757 21
EXPENDTTCHES. "
Cash paid tor losses and matured
endowments • $4.32.397 01
Cash paid to annuitants M4 sj
Cash paid tor surrendered policies.. 533.S67 U
Cash paid for dividends to pcllcy
bolden • - UtSo.Xt <H
Commissions paid to agents 273.703 01
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners 133.401 39
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies S.M3 4J
Medical examiners* fees and salar-
ies • • - t3.310.Zl
Cash paid for taxes S33.7TO 13
Cash paid for rents 3,23 <X>
Cash paid for commuting commis-
sions • — 333,513 03
Total Expenditures durtns the
yeax 17.438.545 9t
JACOB L. GREENE. President ¦
\ HERBERT H. WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and swots to before n». this Uth
day of February. 1900.
NATHAN F. PECK. Notary Public.
A. K. P.~HARMON.
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT.
Pacific Coast Agencies.
F. R. NOYES, General Agent,
Rooms 30-31-32 HILLS BUILDIS*
SAN FRA.NC13O0. CAI»
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
FIDELITY
COMPANY
OF BALTIMORE, IN THE STATE OF
Maryland, on the SlBt dsjr of December.
A. D. li&S, and for the year ending on that
cj- :¦ . a* ma/it to the Innurmnce Commissioner
of the Ftate of California, purouuit to tb«
{rovteions of Bectlcns 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, enndmfed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner: *
CAPITAU
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Caeb $L500.000 00
ASSETS.
T**l Estate owned by Company $600,000 00
Cash lUrK't V&Iua of all Stocks and
Bonda owned by Company S.1E2.407 00
Cash in Ornnpsny'e Office 26.854 17
C8th In Banks S40,b«t 08
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 118.979 1J
_-
Total Assets .-_—¦ ...U.2Z7.Z-4 37
LIABILITIES. — —
losses adjusted and unpaid $4,1*7 83
Losses Jr. process of Adjustment or
In Suspense S2.746 13
Close pr*miu:n» on R2eks running
one year or less, $1,224,378 66; re-
Insurance 50 per cent 612.1S9 8
Total Inabilities, — JM9.0SI 7»
INCOME.
Net ea«h actually received for pre-
miums $347.642 3
neceived for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Ftocks, Loans and from
all other sources » 1,617 M
Received for Rents 86,128 «
Received for commissions. Eafe De-
posit Dept., etc 10B.430 8S
Total Income .»1.1S2.6H 46
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Losses *2!! >4 2 SI
Dividends to Stockholders J07.48* 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage m.800 M
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charres for officers, cleric*, etc.... 70,83 II
Paid for State, National and local
Taxes . ........•.--•...•.•.- •- 40,444 00
All other "payments and expenditures 186,481 14
Total Expenditures..... JS60.831 65
EDWIN WARFXELD. President.
H. n. BOSLER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before m» ttis Uta
C«7 of January, 1900. _ . „
PRDD. S. AXTELU Notary Public
FRANK lT~GILBBRT,
GENERAL AGENT,
ROOMS 24-25 TENTH FLOOR,
MILLS BUILDING,.
San Francisco.
1 Good for an Odd
I Corner and good for a
7 Christmas Gift. \
v. -,__ u — iiuwm.il ii -»_. _»~ u*~~*t
Let the holiday gifts
be sensible ones. We '
have an entire floor de-
voted to Chairs — odd
Chairs, plain Chairs, all \ j
kinds of Chairs in all
kinds of woods at all
kinds of prices 1 ! 1 ! J !
Great Values In Carpet, Too.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE CO.
75O Mission Street.
\^^^^^*^^^^^ — - — — ¦ «» ~ /
DU TTCrii7Q FCm BARBERS ' bak-
.DriuoiiJiD «•"• boo i?, l ,r :lc^ t s th -
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, floarmllli, foundries, laundries, paper-
hanrers. printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, . tanners, tailors, etc
BUCnA.'NAlM BROb..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento StArticles^ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. t—
December .......... 70 70 69ft 69%
January 70H 70H 70 7o5
May 72% 73V4 72% 73
¦ Corn No. 2— .. * • •
December ....: 41U 41U 40H 40%
January 87% 87^4 86»i 863?
May ....¦ tS\i\ 86% 38 86U
Oats No. 2—
December . .... 21% 21H 2U4 21>A
January.. 21H 21% 2l4j 2i£
May 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork,- per bbl- , *
January... 12 30 12 87H 12 15 12 25
May 12 20 12 20 12 15% 12 12M
Lard, per 100 lbs— **
December 7 20 7 25 7 20 - . 7 20
January ;... 6 90 S 90 6 87H 6 87W
May ................ 6 95 « 95 ;8 92>4 ; 6 92V4
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— -
January 6 33 6 35 6 30 6 32<4
May 6 37H 6 42H 6 35 6 37^
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.. dull
¦ o.nd easy; No. 2 spring wheat." 70%@71c; : No. 2
red, 71@74c; No.- 2 corn, '40c; No. 2 yellow. 40c;
No. 2 oats. 22V6@23o; No. 2 white, 25%@28>,4c:
No. 3 white, 25@26c; No. 2 rye, 61@52c; fair to
choice malting barley, 62@59c; No. 1 flaxseed,
fl 69; No. 1 Northwestern, SI 60; prime timothy
peed. $4 40; mesa pork, per bbl. 111 12»£@n 25;
lard,, per 100 lbs,- $6 93©7 05; short -ribs sides
(loose), |8 25©6 60; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
£%06Kc; short clear sides : (boxed), : J6 70@6 SO;
whisky, basis of high wines, fl 27; clover, con-'
tract grade. tlOQlO 25. - „¦ < - , - ->
¦ 'Articles— • ¦ '.. .Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels............" 33,000 25,000
Wheat, bushels ....126.000 28,000
Corn, bushels ...............346.000 75,000
Oats, bushels ...;.. ....222,000 106,000
t Rye, bushels ...._....: 6.000, . 1,000
Barley, bushels .... ........ .72.000 15,000',
On the Produce Exchange to-fiay the butter
CHICAGO, Dec. 20.— During the first half
hour Liverpool was not regarded as having
properly responded to the fractional , advance
here yesterday and under local selling pressure
May opened at %c lower at 72% @72%c. 'Prices
soon steadied, however, under the, Influence of
better late cables and smaller northwest re
ceipts. May rallied to 73%c. The market was
sustained by a continental report that the Ar
gentine crop ¦ this year would be but half the
proportions of last year. The close was steady,
May unchanged at 72%@73c.
Corn was unsettled, showing outbursts of
strength varied by periods of weakness. De
cember was not much in evidence, but May
and January at times showed considerable ac
tivity. December slumped heavily because of
the lack of demand from shorts. December
closed . %c lower at 40&c; January, 14c down
at 36%c; May, He depressed at 36%c.
Oats were dull. May closing a shade down
at 23%c. •
Provisions were Quiet. The, market opened
higher and advanced moderately on fewer hogs
than had been expected. -better prices at the
yards and a good cash demand, easing off later
on profit-taking by local interests. . January
pork closed a shade lower, lard unchanged and
ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Local stocks and bonds were dull and un
changed.
The OH Exchange made Its usual record,
with an advance in Caribou and a decline in
Home to $3 90. The feeling in the afternoon
was firm and several stocks were somewhat
higher.
The following dividends were payable yes
terday: Spring Valley Water. 4J cents; Central
Light and Power, 5 cents; California Powder,
$1; Hutchinson Sugar. 25 cents; California
Fruit Canners'. 64 cents.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Deo. 20— J p. m.
UNITED 8TATES BONDS.
I Bid.Ask. 1 BM.A«k.
4s quar coup..llS^117 Is do cp (new).133 139
4s do reg 115M.U* |Sa do coup.... 110^111
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. .
Bay Co P Ofc.104% — Oak Water 5S..104H —
Cal-st Cab 2e.m — Oceanlo S3 Ss.110%111
C C Water 6s.l0» — Om C Ky 6s.. 128 —
Ed L & P 6a.. 131 — Pac Q Imp 4s. 101 —>
F & Cl Ry 6s. — — P * Cl Rjr 6a. 105 10»
Geary-st R 6s. — 91 P&ORR 6s.U5% —
H C A S 64s.. - - Powell-et R Js.llS -
Do 5s 103 — Sao E G&R 5s. — 100
L A Ry 6s 110H11U4 8 F & SJV 5s.ll9% —
L A Lt Co 6*.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s».. — 113
Do gntd 6s... — — S P R of A 6S.113HU4
L A gntd 5s... .100 103 S P C «s (1805.
L A f H ft 5s.lW — Series A)... .109% —
Market-st «s...128% — Do (Series B)110>4 —
Do 1st M ftj.122% — I>o (1906) 11! 112%
N C N O R 7s. — 114 Do (1913> 121 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll4% — 8 P R 1st g 68.107^ —
Do6s.NNNN119 — f P R 6s 131 —
N P C R R 63.101 — B V Water 6s.ll4H —
Do 6s 103 — Do 4s 103»4 —
N Cal Ry 6a... 110% — Do td mtg...lO1^.102 1 4
Oak O L & H.IUT 7 * — Stktn Oas 68.181 103
Oak Tran 6s.. 109% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra. Coata.. 70% — Spring Valley. — M
Marm County. 51 >^ —
GAS AND EajECTRIC STOCKS.
CentL&PCo- VA Pao L Co — 44
Eqult G L Co. t% $H Pa«- E G&R Co — —
Mutual L Co.. 8% — S F G A B.... GH, —
OGL&H 4«%— San Franolsoo. 4H 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 48 — Stktn G&E Co. — 14»
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 223 23S
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-CaJ Ltd. 75 «0 First Xatlotial.rio —
Banx or CaJ...4U» 4124 Lon P tt A.. ..143 —
Cal SD4T.,- 105',i Merchants* Ex 18 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
X3er S & L....1S60 1300 8«.v ft L Bo..?— —
Hum S & I*.. — — Sec Sav Bk...S7S —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav UB...525 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....139%— OS _L * H-... » 4*
Geary-at 45 — Preaidlo 12 XI
Market-st ..:.. — 70>«
POWDER STOCKS.
California .... — ISO Vlgorit ........ S «4
Giant Con Co. 84 84U
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana B P Co. «T* 7% KHauea 8 Co.. W% —
Haw C & S Co 91U 95 Makawell S Co 41*r 41%
Honokaa S Co. 31% - Onomea S Co. 23*4 —
Hutch S P CO. 2514 25% Paauhau S Co. 81% S3
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Puck A«sn.mVii25 Pac A F A... t -
Cal Fruit Aen.102 10» Pac C Bor Q>.150 151
Mer Kx Assn.. »i iu« Par Paint Co.. 12^ —
Oceanic S Co.. 103 106
Morning Session.
12000 Bay Counties Power Co 6s ..104 75
5 Hawaiian Com'l & Bugar 91 M
10 Makaweli S Co. b S 41 75
23 Malcaweli S Co ,1152
$25.C0O Oakland Tranalt Co 6s 020 00
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds UO -5
25 Pacific Gas Inu> •• « **
40 S F Gas &<Electrtc Co. cash 43 M
I2CO0 Spring Valley 4« (3d mortg) 10S 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— .. _
5 Kllauea S P Co —• « » J5
60 S F Gas & Electric Co ~~ 4S B0
Street — . „„
5 Bank of California 410 00
50 Kllauea S P Co " "0
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — - ¦" r 1 '-" 4
100 Cala-Standard — •• f*
300 Caribou "
600 Caribou f?
400 Caribou 84.
200 Four Oil Co --. — •— . »
100 Home Oil - 3 90
10 Kern River — W 50
850 McKittrick • 35
50 McKittrick • 36
1350 Monte Crlsto J »2H
100 Monte Crlsto. a 20 1 55
100 Occidental of W Va 65
4C0 Petroleum Center- - »
500 Petroleum Center, b 30 22
60 San Joaquin Oil & Dev. > 12^
400 Twenty-Bight — ... 2 30
Street— .
500 Caribou .-....— 85
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1200 Caribou 88
200 Caribou • J«
300 Lion Oil Co ,••;'"" **
10O McKittrick Consolidated 47
200 McKittrick Consolidated . 45
430 Monarch of ArUona 4!
100 Reed Crude Oil Co 51
1600 Reed Crude OU Co — .. s
400 Reed Crude pil Co 63
225 Shamrock *J
200 Sterling O & D Co.... | 50
300 Twenty-Eight ••- 2 *»
Street -
200 Monarch of Arizona «
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Dec. 20—8:30 p. m.
..,-...' V.-" • STOCK. Bid. Asked.
Burlington • \\ ~
California-Standard « »
Caribou J* ~
H O a^ r fo?d^snJ-Kern''RiveV": 49 M
Home Oil ¦» «W
Independence .- • -»«S
Kem River • ••-¦ u J^ « W
McKUtrlck ConsolVdated 45 47
Monarch of Ariwna 41 «
McKlttrick » , — «
Monte Crlsto.^...... Iff 180
Occidental of W va — »
Oil City Petroleum — » 00
Petrpleum Center JO 21
i| =
San Joaquln O & D Co 9 00 t 25
Twenty-Eight £ ~
WePtlake y". t f. ,~
Westshor* • '»¦ «J*
Yukon -• ~ K
"Wolverines — * w
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning' Session.
200 Best & Belcher 14! 150 Ophlr ".^.. $J
100 Con Cal & Va..l 40|. 200 Savage 13
200 Hale & Nor....- 181 MO Union Con n
Afternoon Session.
200 Best * Belcher 281 600 Ophlr 84
400 Chollar ......... 15 300 Silver Hill 44
600 Hallr* Nor.... 18 100 Yellow Jacket.. 13
U0O Mexican *2l
The following were the sales la the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
. Morning Session.
200 Challenge Con. 19 100 Ophir. ....... .^, to
i00C C &Va....l37H 1200 Ophlr _ «i
200 C C * Va......l 40 1000 Ophir 6a
800 C C & Va 145 200 Overman ..:.... 09
600 Mexican ..' $1 «X) Savage .. 15
200 Mexican 32
Afternoon Session.
800 Chollar •• 15 300 Potosl .......... u
200 C C & Va.....\l 45 500 Potosl 14
100 Mexican 32 300 Savage i«
200 Ophlr • «? 200 Sierra Nevada, 26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. .
THURSDAY. Dec'SO— 4 p. m.
Bid.Aak.i " Bid.Ask.
Alpha V SI 3tioe , — • °2 03
Alta ...T. 0a 06 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 07 OS Lady Wash.... — . 03
Belcher ......... 14 15 Mexican ...~.... 31 33
Best & Belcher 25 26 Occidental 04 0«
Bullion.. 02 03 Ophlr «3 $4
Caledonia ...... 45 48; Overman 09 10
Chollar ...; 14 15 Potosl 13 15
Challenge Con.: 17 19, Savagre 15 u
Confidence ....: 55 WBcorpion ....... <u
Con Cal & Va.'.l 45 1 60 Seg Belcher.... 02 <M
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 25 V
Con New Tork. 01 — Silver Hill...... 45 4s
Eureka Con..... — .35 St Louis — K
Crown Point... 10 11| Standard 3 15 3 x
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate ...;.. 10 —
Gould & Curry. 38 40 Union Con 19 10
Hale,* Nor..... 17 . 18 Utah ¦. ...[ « M
v' Pinks are unsettled, and are quoted higher
again. Large -White have also advanced. ' The
other descriptions stand about as before. . .
¦¦:¦ BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 75;' ; Small. White
$4 35@4 50; Large White,* $3 50@3 75 ; Pink, $2 20
@2 25; Red, $2 75@3; Blackeye. $3; Limas, $5 35©
h 40; Pea, $4 2E«j>4 50;- Red Kidney,, $375®4 per
ctl. -- ¦"•'-¦ ¦¦'¦•.. • . ¦ '¦""-"¦; ¦.¦-.-'•...-• ;••-.:¦ '-¦',-,. -.-..'
- SEEDS-^Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow
Mustard, -nominal; Flax, $2 50@2 75; Canary,
3%c per lb . for ¦ California ¦ and 4o - for Eastern ;
Alfalfa, »7%®9Hc; Rape, VAQZe; Hemp. 4©4%c;
Timothy, 4@>4Hc., - ¦ -f. , ¦-••:•. .. :.- , ¦, 7~?'
¦-¦ DRIED " -PE AS— NHes, $2(^2 BO ; Green, $2 70
@3 p«r ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
' HAT— Volunteer. %5&S; "Wheat,' Jll@13 50;
Wheat and Oat, - J10®12 50; Oat,' J9@12; r Clover,
nominal;-. Alfalfa, $8@9 50; -Barley, $7 50@9 50
periton.- • v ..'¦¦'. •
STRAW— 25@47Hc per bale, -
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled ', Barley, V> fl6®17 •' per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $26®
26 50; Cracked Corn, $28 50(927; Mixed Feed, $11
@16. . ..-..•;¦. . ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦,.-•.:-.•¦•-¦¦-¦
MIDDLINGS-$16 B0@19 B0 per ton.
There is no change to report In anything.
BRAN— $14 50@15 per ton, * .
Hay and Feedstuffs.
- MILLSTUFFS-rPrices In sacks are , as fol
lowo, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour. $3- per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 76;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 5C@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, Si W; " Farina, U 50; Whole
"Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats, (barrels), J63
7 25; in sacks. J5 75®7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peae, J5; Green Peas, J5 50 per 100 ibs.
FLOUR-Californla Family L Extras. $3 25
Gi B0, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregen, J2 75@2 85 per barrel for ' family '- and
$2 75^3 for bakers'; "Washington, bakers', |2 re
¦<s*. ¦ ¦•¦•-;¦-¦ •¦¦ ,- ¦ •- ¦. ..¦
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN— Continues dull and weak. Yellow,
$1 15; White. $110; Eastern mixed, $112% per
Ctl.*' - ' - . ¦¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦. . :¦ : ¦'¦¦-..::
RYE — 85®-87%c per ctl. Dealers report a de
pressed market.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75@2 per ctL
Feed. 75c for choice bright, 72%c for No. 1 and
67H®"0c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%©82V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD S*ALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — May — 8000 . ctls, 72%c;*16,
000, 72%o. December— 1901— 4000, 71%c; 6000, 72c
OATS— The market Is flrm enough, but dull
and of a holiday character.. White, $130®
1 50; Surprise, nominal; Red. Jl 25@1 40
for Feed and Jl 35@1 45 for Seed; Gray, nom
inal; Black, for Feed. U 15@1 20; for Seed, Jl 25
@1 30 per. ctl. . "
BARLEY— The market continues firm at full
figures, with moderate offerings of the best
grades.
Afternoon Session — No sales,
Second Session— May — J0O0 ctls, $1 03%. - De
c«mber—1001—2000/ $1 08%: 4000, '?1 08%. .
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
n om. . . . -
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May — 1000 ctls.
Jl 03%. December— 1901— 2000, 1108%.-
CALL BOARD SALES
"WHEAT — The markets all. over the world
continue of a holiday character, and beyond a
decline at Paris quotations show, little change.
At Chicago considerable May wheat was of
fered at 72c by commission ' houses. The ,crop
situation waa mostly unchanged. The demand
continued email. The . Cincinnati ¦ Price Cur
rent reported less wheat and more corn offer
ed. Bt. Louis wired that stocks there would in
crease from 40.000 to 50,000 bushels for' the
week, against a decrease last week of 82,000
bushels. Minneapolis estimated an increase of
450,000 bushels. Broomhall cabled that a pri
vate • cable from the Argentine reported fa
vorable weather there for harvesting.
I The local market was dull at about' the same
prices. "
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96»4@97%c; milling-, $1
©10244 per ctl. .
Wheat, and. Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 82
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8S'/4
Sterling Cables ¦„ — 4 86'^
New Tork Exchange/sight...... — io
New York Exchange, . telegraphic — 12'4
F"lne Silver, per ounce „..'... ' — tii
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... 50H @ 21
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW TORK. Dec. 20.— The cotton market
advanced 12@13 points to-day. Inherent
strength and bullish influences were the cause
for general improvement of values and for a
semi-scare of the bear forces. On the first
call the market was firm, 1©5 points higher
These figures proved to be the lowest of the
day. as after the opening persistent demand
from the shorts resulted In a steady upward
movement tnrourhout the list. v
At the close the market was very steady
with prices 6@22 points higher.
New, York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Dec. 20.— The market for evap
orated apples was decidedly more active to
day for desirable grades ami the market was
quite firm without any material change in
prices. State common was quoted at 4@5c;
prime, 4%@5'/4c; choice, bteiite; fancy, 60>7c;
California dried fruits were Inactive again but
Eteady. , '
PRUNES— Were quoted from 3%@8%c.
APRICOTS-Royal, ll@14c; Moorpark, 15016c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20c; unpeeled. 6©8o.
DRIED FRUITS.
EGGS— Receipts. 4626 packages; .-weak. "West
ern regular packing, at mark, 20Q>23?4c; West
ern, loss Off, 25c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3672 packages; steady
creamery. 17f25c; June creamery, 17i£23c; fac
tory. Uhi&i6c.
COFFEE— Futures closed barely. steady, with
prices net 10(5-20 points higher. Total sales
33,000 bags, Including: December, J5 65- Jlareh
$5 65^5 80; May, S3 75<3>5 80; June, to 85; July*
$5 95; September, J5 95; October, $5 90@8; No
vember, ?«. Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice
6"ic; mild, quiet; Cordova. o i "»13Vic.
SUGAR — Raw. Eteady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar 3%c
refined, quiet.
HOPS— Firm
"WOOL— Quiet
WHEAT- Receipts, 38,850 bushels; spot,
steady; No. 2 red. 77% c f. 0< b >; No 2 red
76V4c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth 83?4c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 87%e afloat
f. o. b. Options opened easy through short
selling by local traders, .but were soon strength
ened by predictions of smaller Northwestern
receipts and active covering. Closed steady
at %c net advance. January closed 79%c-
March, 79@79%c, closed 79«4c; May. 7S 9-16O
79 3-16c. closed 78"4c; December closed 77V4c.
NEW TORK. Dec 20.— FLOUR— Receipts.
16,661 barrels; exports, 6570 barrels. Sales, 7563
packages. Continued in a eteady position with
New York Grain and Produce.
The New York circular of Henry Clews sars:
"At times the market has shown reactionary
¦ymptoz&B owing to realizations, but no gen
eral weakness has developed and none la yet
In eight. Blocks are not In weak hands; as
yet there has been no excessive or reckless
speculation, and while general business con
tinues so sound and actlv« there is little chance
tor ccare reaction*. Some uneaainesa has been
felt regarding the money market, for higher
rates are anticipated with preparations for
January disbursement* and in view of the
present condition of bank reserves. Any such
•tringency. however. Is likely to be temporary,
and while time money continue* to be obtain
able on moderate terms holders of Etocks are
not likely to show much anxiety. The dis
bursements on dividend and interest account
next January will be unusually heavy; In fact
th*y must break the record, for the Industrials
are distributing heavy amounts «f pr«tit!= an<i
many cf the railroads have either Increased
their dividend rate or entered the ranks 01
dividend payers. Therj is every rrospect of
a. h:g investment dema>.d for stocks and bonds
«Surinp the next few weeks and this in Eplte
of high prices.
"The course of the market, more especially
u-lthin the past fortnight, has demonstrated
the stability cf actual conditions throughout
the country. Fears M-ere expressed that the
November rise In values was In excess of
warrant, but it Is becocxlng clearer every day
that the investing public has examined Into
the business outlook pretty closely.
•The fsi.cta epeak for themselves. Our pros
perity reata upon the cure foundation of the
products of tise coll, whether in the line of
agriculture or of mining. Our manufacturers
, are Invading and conyue ring the world's mar
ket* in eteady progress; transportation and
manufacturing corporations belnp thus fully
employed present an inviting field for spare
capital.
• The iron and eteel trade has adjusted Itself
to a normal end still profitable range of prices,
and last, but not least, governmental finances
are like Caesar's wife, 'above auepicion." "
Weather Report.
«20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN" FRiCNaSCO. Dec. KV-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of earne date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
I Last This Last
STATIONS. ?4 Hours Season. Be&son.
Eureka 1.28 19.77 25.22
Ked Bluff 14 8.70 9.79
S&crajnento 10 8.O0 9.00
Raii Francisco Ot 7. IS 6.67
rresno 6.42 4.47
Independence 2.27 1.67
Rs.n Luis Oblspo 8.92 8.83
Lo* AnR*le» 678 3.85
Ban L>ieco 1-73 l.SJ
~ftan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C2; ra'.r.imum, C2; mean, 57,
V.XATHEP. CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
rtepcrta are missing from all stations in Ore
£on, Washington, Idaho and the north gener
fe'.iy. It is probable that a storm of consider
able energy overllei the northwestern portion
<.f the country and Is moving elowly south-
Southwest storm warnings are displayed
fn ra Eureka northward.
The temperature has risen rapidly over Utah
and Northern Nevada. Elsewhere it has re
mained nearly stationary.
Rain has lallen over Central and Northern
Cell'oroia and Northern Nevada.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported : Eureka, 2C miles per hour from the
fnushweEt; Red Bluff. 34 from the southeast;
Winnemucca, 34 from the southwest; Carson
Citv 4S from the southwest.
Forecast made at J=an Francisco for thirty
hr<urs ending midnight. December 21. 1300:
Northern- California— Cloudy and unsettled
leather Friday, with showers; brisk southerly
wiruls.
Southern California— Cloudy and ¦unsettled
wrather Friday; probably light showers; fresh
southwest wind.
Nevada— Showers Friday: brisk aouthweat
I.'tah— Cloudy, probably showera Friday; brisk
tcuth wind. ''-¦'¦¦¦' ' ¦'¦ ''-j:.
Arizona-Cloudy, showery weather Friday.
San rranclsco and vicinity— Cloudy, unsettled
¦weather Friday, with occasional showera; brisk
eouthweat - McADIEi
Forecast Official.
Exports cf lumber from this port during the
first eleven month* of the year amounted to
23.CCS.fi00 leet, valued at S4SS.U2. against 20.-
OCS.COO feet at $£42,000 during the eame time
ls.st year.
Condition of Trade.
Exports of Lumber.
The Produce Exchange yesterday voted to
aCJourn from Saturday noon to Wednesday
morning. December 2C. over Christmas. The
New York and Chicago exchanges had already
taken the Fame action, hence Monday and
Tuesday will be holidays in the grain trade.
Monday a Grain Holiday.
Nrj) K York Stock Market.
XEW YORK, Dec 2ft.— The stock market to
day -AiA not vary materially In character from
that which has prevailed for many days.
Prnftt-taklnjr was palpably on an enormous
rcale and was not without effect on prices, but
the Inroads made were not serious and the
offerir^s were easily absorbed, while this par
tial weakness in the market did not In the
least impair the eager rush to buy stocks
which showed any disposition to advance. The
day ended with the market more generally
reactionary than for some time past, under
a flood of eelllnB to take profits In Northern
Pacific and other stock* which had shown the
meat aggressive strength during the day. The
rush to sell Northern Pacific waa caused by
the publication In a news bureau bulletin of
the statement that «. plan had been perfected
for the voluntary retirement of the preferred
vtock in January by exchange for general Hen
3 p«r cents. This statement was not vouched
for by official authority, but It caused
a eudiJen drop la Northern Pacific to
M% the price having touched 86%, or
C% points over last nlKht. This movement In
Northern Pacific was tlie main feature of the
iTiarket, but there were various other Important
movements which seemed to have relation to
it. Including the Wluconsln Central stocks.
Pere Marquette stocks, the Erie stocks and
gt Paul. The «tre*t wu full of rumors of
pl&ns for combination* looking to a new trans
continental line and to the concentration of
Interests in Northwestern territory- The pains
in the groups mentioned extended all the way
frorr 2 pointa up to 3% in Northern Pacific
There man. besides, a vigorous upward move
ment in Mitsouri Pacific, which carried it 4%
points over last night and caused a revival
of many old rumors «f plans for extensive
ccnBoiidation among th# Gould Southwestern
railroad companies. A rUe In Union Pacific
to 78 seemed to b« «lue to an attempt to ad
juct the discrepancy in value between that
stock and Northern Pacific. Illinois Central
rose buoyantly in the morning: 3% per cent on
a belated demand to secure the rights of sub
scription at par to the proposed new stock
i«su<? which are limited to stockholders of
record to-day. Bugar wu the one feature
aroonr the •pecialtles with a rise of 2%. which
•no* attributed to a turn against the ,. shorts
by the calling' In ot long stock, A rise of 4
In General EJectrfo and a full recovery ot
jtrrttrcay'a violent 6>oUa«- la Kwr Tor* All
Brake were on light dealings and attracted
little attention. Quite a number of obscure
low-priced stocks moved upward from 1 to 4
points with no other apparent reason than to
adjust their price* to the higher level recently
attained by the general list.* The market con
tinued very broad, but the reactionary ten
dency was quite marked through a large por
tion of the list. Including the Vanderbllt group.
The market I'm- bonds continued active and
strong without important exception. Total
sales, par value, $4,915,000.
United States Ss (oM), 4s and 6s advanced
M and the new 4s declined % per cent on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
24.400 Atchlson 43
£1,600 Atchlson prefd S6'i
9.600 Baltimore & Ohio 81
Canadian Pacific SS'-i
2,100 Canada Southern 5S>4
22.C00 Chesapeake & Ohio 40
2,200 Chicago Great Western 11%
2S.000 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 139%
6.200 Chicago Ind & Louisville... 72%
1,000 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 62'i
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 94%
600 Chicago & Northwestern 168%
, 13.700 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 118
1.500 C C C 4 Bt Louis 70
600 Colorado Southern ......i... 8
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17%
2,600 Delaware & Hudson 122Vi
£,00 Delaware Lack & Western 189
6.C00 Denver & Rio Grande 26%
9,100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 82%
CGOO Erie W4
35,430 Erie let prefd 68%
6,200 Great Northern prefd 188
100 Hocking Coal U
1.&00 Hocking Valley 41%
11,800 Illinois Central 180»i
300 Iowa Central 20»4
800 Iowa Central prefd «
3,200 Lake Erie & Western 47%
400 Lake Erie & "Western, prefd 112
Lake Shore MO
15,300 Louisville & Nashville 85ft
15,400 Manhattan L U2Vi
1C.2G0 Metropolitan Street Railway 172?i
3,600 Mexican Central 14H
3,400 Minneapolis & St Louis 67%.
200 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 103
73,609 Missouri Pacific * 6614
2,200 Mobile & Ohio , ~ «%
1.100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 16^4
2S,!>00 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 43 1 4
New Jersey Central \**\k
3.SC0 New York Central 141H
U.200 Norfolk & Western 44 ¦
300 Norfolk & Western prefd 81%
213.900 Northern Pacific 61%
£3.600 Northern Pacific prefd S8«i
10.000 Ontario &. Western 2»%
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
5.2C0 Pennsylvania i«H
8.100 Reading "J*
60.500 Heading 1st prefd X 68J»
6.100 Reading 2d prefd 36%
Rio Grande Western 60
Rio Grande Western prefd 94
"i'000 St Louis & San Fran -. 23
500 Rt Louis & San Fran 1st prefd ii
4,400 St Louis & Ban Fran 2d prefd...... 64H
1,600 St Louis Southwestern 16%
6 000 St Louis Southwestern prefd 43
89.600 St Paul J»H
200 St Paul prefd 1»1%
- 400 St Paul & Omaha «* ,
ELaOO Southern. Pacific jz*
33,900 Southern Railway 2}
6,100 Southern Railway prefd 71
20,700 Texas & Pacific «
14.S00 Union Pacific y <•%
21.400 Cnion Pacific prefd »*14
2.300 Wabash "
4.300 Wabash prefd ••••• — •• *»
16,000 Wheeling & Lake Erie----" JJH
9 800 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 31 V*
10 700 Wieconsln Central il.»
Third Avenue -• "'
1,500 Baltimore & Ohio prefd »«i
1.000 National Tube ,«-
L200 National Tube prefd 103*
Express Companies— .
Adams J2?
American '¦•'
700 United States ™
Wells Fargo lt8
Miscellaneous—
2.S00 American Cotton OU 81%
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
2"0 American Malting 4T»
1,000 American Malting prefd.. Z5
300 American Smelting & Ref 5o
. ... American Smelting & Ref prefd 9S
....... American Spirits 2 -
American Spirits prefd 17
2.SO0 American Steel Hoop 30/ t
200 American Steel Hoop prefd <6%
9.400 American Steel & Wire *2%
2 600 American Steel & Wire prefd 87V*
10,300 American Tin Plate K£
100 American TTn Plate prerd W:
17,800 American Tobacco .-lOa^
1600 American Tobacco prefd 1-0
44,200 Anaconda Mining Co 48
7.000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit '.8H
13 000 Colorado Fuel & Iron ZZTt.
Continental Tobacco 57
12, WO Continental Tobacco prefd S2%
4,100 Federal Steel — : M ; ,%
2.100 Federal Steel prefd 78%
3,100 General Electric 183
Glucose Sugar ...48
. 1,000 Glucose Sugar prefd 95
200 International Paper 24^4
International Paper prefd 73'^,
Laclede aGs 72
600 National Biscuit 37-
National Biscuit prefd 31
1.000 National Lead 20%"
200 National Lead prefd 93%
600 National Steel 38%
National Steel prefd 92%
1,000 New York Air Brake 162
4.600 North American 19%
Pacific Coast 69%
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 88 *
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66
200 Pacific Mail 42%
28,100 People's Gas 99
100 Pressed Steel Car 50
£00 Pressed Steel Car prefd 81%
£00 Pullman Palace Car 201
200 Standard Rope & Twine „.... 5 I
1X4,000 Sugar 130%
9.430 Sugar prefd 115
«,100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 63%
United States Leather U» 4
United States Leather Tefd 74%
200 United States Rubber 28%
1.700 United States Rubber prerd 79%
6.000 Western Union, ex dlv 8374
14,200 Amalgamated Copper 02%
2.300 Republic Iron & Steel ig.
600 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 63%
P C C & St Louis 65
1,684,600 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
TJ 8 2s ref reg 106 NYC lsts 110
Do coupon 105% N J C gen 6s 12S*4
U S 3a reg 110^4 N'Paclfic 3s... 71%
Do 3s coupon... .110% Do 4s 105
Do new 4s reg...lSS N Y C & St L 4a.. 108%
Do new 4s coup. 138 N & W con 4s 93%
Do old 4s reg.. ..115% Or Nav 1st*... HI
Do old 4s coup.. 116% Do 4s ........103 - r
Do 5a reg 113% Or Short Line 6s. ..129%
Do Ss coupon.... 113% Do con Cs 118%
Diet of Col 3.65s... 126 Reading gen is..,. 93%
Atchiaon gen 4s...lO2% ROW lsts ..101-
Do adj 4s......... 88% St L & I M con 6s. 113%
Canada So 2ds....lOS% St L & S F gen 6s.l2»
Chee & O 4%a 104 St Paul cons .181
Do 5«.... 130% St P C & P lsts..l20%
Chi & N con 7s. ...139% Do 6s........ .122%
Do S F deb 5s. ..123 8 Pacific 4s......... S2%
Chicago Term 4a... 85%jS Railway Es 114%-
Colorado So 4s 84%iStand R & T 6s.'.. 70
D & R O 4s 101% Tex & Pac lsts....H4%
Erie gen 4s 85% Do 2ds.... 85
F W & D C lsts... 80% U Pacific 4s ..107
Gen Electric 6s.. ..145 Wabash lstB.......U7«
Iowa Central lsts.llCU Do 2ds... ........ .108
L & N unl 4s......l01% Wcvt Shore 4s. 115 i.
M K & T 2ds...... 75% Wise Cent lets..- 90
Do 4s »4%"Va Centuries....... WA
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con '... 20, Little Chief IS
Alice 40 Ontario ...100
Breece ZOjOpbir ................ f.U
Brunswick Con .. 15 Phoenix 11
Com Tunnel ...... 04iPotoel t- 10
Con Cal it Va. MjSavajre ............. 12
Horn Silver 1 10 Sierra Nevada .„. 23
Iron Silver CS Small Hopes ...... 60
teaavilU Con .... fe Standard .^^m,*. S 00
WASHINGTON. Dec. 20.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the genera! fund,
exclusive of the JISO.OOO.OOO sold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $141,297,643; gold, $9S,S63,9S0.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20.— Close: Money on
call steady at 4@5 per' cent; last loan, 4%.
Prime mercantile | paper, 4%@5% per cent..
Sterling exchange steady, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 U% for demand and at
$4 80H@4 go% f or 8 i xty daya Posted rates.
$4 8104 81% and $4 85. Commercial bills, $4 79V
®4 80^4. Silver certificates, 64@65c. Bar sil
ver. 63%c. Mexican Dollars, 50c. Government
bonds, irregular. State bonds, strong. Rail
road bonds, strong. *
New York Money Market.
LONDON, Dec. 20.— Atchlson. 43%: Canadian
Pacific, 90tf; Union Pacific preferred, 86%;
Northern Pacific, 90%; Grand Trunk. 6ft; Ana
conda, 10; bar silver, steady, 29%d per ounce;
money, 3@3% Der cent.
CLOSING.
A good volume of business was transacted In
the market* here to-day, but the tone was
weak, the failure of the bank to advance the
minimum discount rate being counteracted by
the bank return, which showed that £1,000,000
had swne Into the interior. This suggested
dearer money, which was the principal toplo
of conversation. Americans were distinctly
active, but the fluctuations here were moderate.
New York opening; caused only half an hour's
rally, the dose being at the lowest. The
prices rallied In the street Northern Pacifies
were bought In Influential quarters on the
rumor that the preferred stock is to be con
verted into bonds. . Illinois Central also - was
bought, mainly for the reason that ; It has
been hitherto neglected. The failure of the
bank to change the discount rate has had a
favorable effect on the exchanges; and no gold
was taken out, although Paris is buying eoma
in the open market. India is resuming silver
purchases.
The banks of Bengal and Bombay have re
duced their discount rates from 7 to 6.
NBW YORK. Dee. 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: '
London Market.
Money— .Union Pacific 76v4
Call loans 4@5 Union Land 3tf
Time loans 4&@6 West End - .'. 93
Stocks— Bonds—
Atchlson 43 Atchison 4s '.......101
do prefd 86% N E G & Coke 5s.. 62
Am Sugar 130^ Mining shares—
do prefd 115 Adventure ......:.. 10%'
Bell Telephone 154 Allouez MIn Co.... 2</4
Boston & Albany.. 253 A malg Copper .... 92H
Boston Elevated . . 155 Atlantic 26%
fB4 Q .139% Boston & Mont.. ..325
Dom Coal .'... 36tt Butte & Boston.... 83
do prefd ....108 - Calumet & Hecla..81O
Fed Steel 63% Centennial .......:. 21%
do prefd 78H Franklin 15%
Fitchburg prefd ..138 Humboldt ......... 50
Gen Electric 1S2% Osceola 73%
do prefd ...146 Parrot ..: 49%
Ed Eleo 111 217 Quincy ...173
Mex Cent 14% Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
Mich Telephone.... 85 Tamarack ,........28S>
N E G & Coke 11 Utah Mining ...... : 33%
Old Colony 202 Winona ;.- 4%
Rubber .-..~.. 2S Wolverines 45Va
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
; .
Near York Exchange advanced.^ Silver unchanged.
Wheat dull and easy. Barley active and firm.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously reported.
Xo change in Hay and Feedstuffs.
Beans continue unsettled and firm.
Potatoes weak, Onions steady and Southern Vegetables firm.
Heavy receipts of Dressed Turkeys expected from tlie East.
Young Poultry steady. Game cheap and dull.
Fresh and Dried Fruits unchanged.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Butter steady, Cheese firm and Eggs lower.
Meat market still slenderly supplied.
Local stocks and bonds continue dull.
The OH stocks continue freely dealt in.
Monday and Tuesday holidays in tlie grain trade.
CORN- Spot, quiet; American, mixed new, 4s
l'id; do mixed old, 4s 2Vid. Futures— Quiet; De
cember, nominal; January^ SslOHd; May, 3s
9V4d-> • - ' ¦ '¦-¦ ..: - ,'¦ ¦ •.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 20.— WHEAT— Spot quiet;
No. 1 California, 6s 2%d; No. 2 red Western
winter. 5s UVid; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 2^d.
Futures — Quiet: February. 6s; March. 6s 14d.-<
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 20.— WHEAT— Steady; No.
1 Standard California, Cs 2d@6s 2'4d; wheat In
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; weather In
England, warmer.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 13-32d. '
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 20.— Consols, 97@97 13-16. Sil
ver, 29>£d. French rentes. lOOf 97%c@101f 17«4c.
Cargoes on passage, steadier; cargoes No. 1
Standard California. 30s; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s; English country markets, quiet and steady.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Dec. 20. — Wheat, quiet and steady;
Bluestem, 56%c; Club, 53%c. f
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 20.— The local wheat mar
ket Is holding steady In sympathy with other
markets and while the selling movement is not
large, 1 there is enough- changing hands to meet
all requirements. For ¦'Walla Walla 54@54%c is
paid for good stock and an occasional sale of
heavy stock Is made at %c better. Bluestem
is nomnlally at a premium of 2c over Walla
Walla. The valley mills are buying some Val
ley wheat when they can find it. and are pay
ing on the basis of 60@63c. - ¦
Foreign wheat exports from Portland for
the week ending to-day, were 483,170 bushels.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, -Or., Dec. 20.— Clearings. J345-.
107; balances, $60,692.
Portland's Business.
CHIC AGO,. Dec. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts, 7000;
active and; strong to a ehade higher; good to
prime steers. $5 25@6; poor to medium. $3 60®
B 20; selected feeders, $3 7B@>4 40; mixed stock
ers, $2 SOSS 75; cowb, $2 70@4 10; heifers, $2 60®
4 60; canners. $1 85@2 45; bulls. $3 50&4 40;
calves, $4®5 50; Texas fed steers, $4@4 85; grass
steers. $3 2604; bulls, $2 40@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 2000; to-morrow. 28.
000, estimated ; left over. 2500 ; average, Shade
higher; closing weak; top, $4 95; mixed and
butchers, $4 7O@4 95; good to choice heavy.
$4 75@4 95; rough heavy, J4 6004 70; light. $4 65
@4 90; bulk of sales, 54 8Og>4 87%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 11,000; sheep and lambs,
steady to Etronger; good to choice wethers,
$3 70@4 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 25@3 75-
Western sheep, $3 6534 20; Texas sheep, $2 25®
3 60; native lambs, $4@4 25; Western lambs,
$4 50tg5 25. '
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 10.— Features In the metal
trade on the whole were void of Important de
velopments. The market lacks the confidence
of traders and as a result demand. was only of
a nature supplying' Immediate requirements.
Tin at London was firm and closed £1 higher
to £116 5s, having at one time during the day
reached £117 10s. This factor failed to influ
ence tha local situation, aside from a natural
advance In sympathv with the rise abroad. The
close here was quiet, with prices nominally
quoted at J26 and trading slow. Copper in Lon
don was a shade higher and closed at £71 15s,
but the local market ruled quiet -and without
special features, nominally quoted at $15 for
Lake Superior and 16%c for casting copper and
electrolytic. Lead quiet and unchanged here
and abroad at $4 37*4 and £16. respectively. A
loss of 2V4 points was scored in spelter, on ac
count of considerable selling pressure and an
£¥?<?%. .£. recel Pt»- The close was weak at
H ,«tt®4 17%, while at London the close was
£17 12s 6d. Iron in England was again weak
and unsettled. Glasgow closed at 61s Id; Mid
dlesboro,. 53a 6d. Domestic iron markets were
dull and nominally unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
PARIS.
• Wheat— Dec. Mar.- June.
Opening 25,05 2120
Closing 19 95 . 21 10
' Floui- —
Opening „ 25 95 27 10
Cloein* 25 85 26 95
. • ¦ ' . LIVERPOOL. ¦ : C;
• Feb. Mar.
Opening ?....*»,....• S 11% 6
Closing- 6 6%
¦-• COAL— Wellington. |9. per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, J9; Seattle. J7: Bryant. 17; Coos
Bay/ »5 £0; Wallsend. J9; Co-operative Walls
end. - \* : ¦ Cumberland. J13 . in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. J14; Can
rel, JlOper ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
J1S In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. IS 45
per 2000 lbs , and S3 60 per ton, according to
brand.-- ¦ '•¦ , ¦¦-.¦_¦¦ ¦', ¦¦»-..: -..'- ¦. ¦ ¦
r SUGAR— The ¦, Western ¦ Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
, Crushed, 6.150 j Powdered, 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated, r, 6.76o; » Dry Granulated, 6.65c; > Confec
tlontrs'-A,'5.6(50; Matnolia A. 6.25c; ffxira C.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. J5 65 ; Calcutta
Grain Bags,' June and July, C^c: Wool Bags.
2S%@32Vso; . Fleece Twine, 7Hc; Fruit Bags.
6%©6%c for white and 8K@8&c for bleached
jute. • ¦.-, . — -•-. ¦-¦- - ¦ ' - . ; -.•¦¦•:-¦ '-.'•'¦
General Merchandise.
LAMB— 10®10Ho per lb/ :
PORK-Llve Hogs. 6%c for small and 5Hc for
medium and 5%@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6@5Kc; dressed Hogs. 7Kg8ttc
¦¦ VEAL— Large. 8®9c; : small. 9@10o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, »«|«Vic; Ewes, 8$iS»e per
lb. '¦ ¦'"¦ '¦ ¦ '-'• ¦'¦'•¦•¦¦;.¦¦¦¦-..¦..-, . ¦ .
The high prices for Beef and Mutton are cut
ting down the demand, but the scarcity of
stock . keeps the market from declining. The
butchers say that there la more here than In
the country, comparatively speaking.
BEEF— 7@8c for steers and 6@7c per lb for
cows. .-,
San Francisco Meat Market.
¦WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15!gil8c; Northern, defective, 12
©14c; Middle County, free, 15@16c: Middle
County, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain,
12 months'.. 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free, T
months' , 1 1@ 12c ; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9@llc; Humboldt and . Mendoclno,
16@17c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, 6H@8c; do lambs, 8
@9c; Middle County, 9JM0c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10@llc; Southern Mountain, 7H@8 We;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 11® 12c per lb.
HOPS-12@16c per lb. -
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc . under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c; ' medium, 9c; light, 8Hc; Cow
hides. 9c for heavy and 8Hc for light ;. Stags,
6^4c; Salted Kip. 9Hc; Salted Veal, 9Hc; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 15%(@16c; culls, 13%@14c:
Dry Kip, 15@16c: Dry Calf. 16@16V»c; culls and
brands, 14c; Sheepskins, shearltnga, 20@30c
each; short Wool, 30@Mc each; medium. 60@75c:
Iong.Wool, 75c@Jl each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50
@2 75 for large and $2 25 for medium, II 25 for
email and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 75
for large, Jl 50 for medium, Jl 25 for small' and
50c for colts. .Deerskins — Summer or red skins,
85c; fall or medium skins, SOc : winter or thin
skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, 54c; medium, 35c *
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4%o pep lb; No.
2, 3%c; Krease, 2®2Hc.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel, 8M,c; three
half- barrels, 8c; one tierce, 7%c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9Hc for pure; half -barrels, pure,
9%c: 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins, 10%c.
There Is not enough going on to change
prices.' ¦'¦¦•'
CURBED MEATS— Bacon, ll@ll}4c per lb for
heavy. U*£@12c for ligbt medium, 12H@13c for
light, 13tt@14c for extra light and 15@15%c for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11^@
12c; Mess Beef. J12 50 per barrel; extra Mess.
J13; Family. J14; extra Prime Pork, J16; extra
clear, J19 50; Mess, |1T; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound. ¦ .
Provisions.
The market continues neglected and nominal.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
40-50s. 7c; 50-60s, 5%c; «0-70s, S%c; 70-SOs. 3*4c;
S&-90S, 294c; 90-1008, 2ttc; 100s and over. 2c; ru
bles, V»c premium; Bonomas *4c and San Joa
qulns %c less than Santa Claras, except lOOs
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 60
8c for Royals and 10@10i4c for Moorparks;
F.vaporated Apples. 5<g6c; sun-dried. «H@tV4c:
Peaches. 4@5c for standard. 5@6c for choice
and 8V4@7c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted o@6^c; unpltted, l@l%c; Nectarines, 5®
£Uc for red and BV4®6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers 1 Association
has established the following prices for the
reason of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, S%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy. 10V4c per lb: choice. 9V»c; standard. S\c;
prime 8c; unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless
50-lb boxes, 6V4c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, »1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. J2; Dehesa, J2 50; Imperial, J3. AH
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
Chestnuts. 7%@9c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1, softshell. lie; No. 2, 8c; No. 1
hardshell. 10c; Wo. 2. 7Hc: Almonds, 12®13c for
napershell 9@llc for softshell: Peanuts, 5@6o
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c; FllbertB. 13c; Pe
cans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. 13«4®14%c for bright and 12H
013c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7%@Sc: light amber, extracted. 6H@7c; dark,
CfefHc per lb. .
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Everything remains about the same. Citrus
fruits are Quiet at the old prices. Cranberries
continue very scarce. Two cam of Oranges
will be offered at to-day's auction.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—30@60c per box for common and
65c^?$l for good to choice; Spltzenbergs. 75c®
Jl 25; Oregon Spltzenbergs, Jl&l 25; Lady Ap
ples, Jl 75@3 per box.
PEARS— 35c@tt 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS-4<Xff90c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys. $12: Wisconsin*.
|13 50; Cape Cod. J14 per barrel; Coos Bay. J2 60
©2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. Jl@2 50;
Seedlings, 75c<8*l W; Tangerines, 75c@$l; Man
darins. $1@1 25: Lemons, 25c@tt 23 for common
and $1 5<M?2 50 for good to choice; Grape Fruit.
75c© %2; Mexican Limes. *4JM 50; California
Limes, 25'S35c: Bananas. Jl®2 per (bunch; Pine
apples, Jl@2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Decidtwus and Citrus Fruits.
Butter shows no further change. There is
plenty here, but stocks are moving off fairly.
Cheese continues firm.
Eggs have again declined under liberal ar
rivals.
"Patent Eggs" from the East are offering,
In the form of a yellow powder packed In
boxes, and quoted at 50c per lb. A number
of lota have already come in and sold to tha
bakers, and it Is reported that importations
will Increase from now on.
Receipts, as r<?Dorted by the Da'rv Exchange,
were 26,200 lbs Butter, 394 cases California Eggs,
1540 cases Eastern Eggs -and 27.000 lbs Cheeee.
BUTTER— i
Creamery — Extras, - 2Sc; firsts, 25c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 24c; firsts, 22o; seconds, 19c;
store, 15c.
Storage — Creamery extras, 22%c; firsts, tic;
seconds. 20c; dairy extras. 20c
Pickle— 21c per lb.
Keg— 20c per lb.
CHEESE— Fancy full cream, 13c; choice, lie;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 13%c;
Eastern.' full cream, 15<316V4c per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white, J7c; mixed
colons, 32Hc per dozen.
California Gathered— Fancy. ; standard.
SOc ; seconds, .
Eastern— Fancy, : standard. 80e; sec
ei.fis, . > •..-¦-
Storage— California fancy, ; standard. ;
Eastern, fancy,- 28c; standard, — ; seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Christmas supplies of Dressed Turkeys
are appearing, and the 'market is dull and
weak. The . warm, moist weather is against
It, and there is a good deal of talk about large
receipts coming from the East. Several cars
came . in ; yesterday and were held at 13@14c,
wlth r a lieht demand.
'Live Poultry was firm.' and some descriptions
were i quoted a shade better.
-There. was little call for Game and prices
continued low. Receipts were 125 sks. Ducks
have been hawked about the streets at low
prices for several days. .
- POULTRY-?- Live Turkeys, 12H@14c for Gob
blers and 12%®14c for Hen*: Dressed ' Turkeys.
14@16c; Geese, per pair, $1 25(g > 2: GoBllngs, 1175
<g2; Ducks, $3@4 for old and $4 50@« for young;
Hens, WSZ; Young: Roosters, $4 6006; Old
RooBtors, $3 5C@4; Fryers, J4®4 60; Broilers,
$3 75® i for large and ?3@3 50 for small;
Pigeons, '$1 per dozen for old and |1 75@2 for
Squab*. -
GAME— Quail, »1®1 25; Mallard. $8: Canvas
back, $3; Sprig, $2-32 50; Teal, SI 25@1 50;
Widgeon. $1@1 25; Small Duck, Jl; Black Jack.
$1 23; Gray Geeee, 13; White Geese, $1@1 50;
Brant, SI 23@1 £0 for small and $1 75®2 for large;
Honkers, J4 50 f English Snipe, $1 75; Jack Snipe,
$1 25; Hare. Jl 25; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for Cot
tontail and Jl for Brush; Doves, 65o per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Los Angeles Vegetables continue In light sup
ply j and flrm.
-Potatoes are weak and dull, with not much
demand at the moment. Onions are steady.
POTATOES— River Reds. 75®85c; Burbanks,
35@50c for River and- $1@1 25 per ctl for Sa
linas and 50@90c for Oregon; Sweets, 40@60c
for Rivers and .75©90c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 60@l 90 per ctl; Cut Onions, H
@1 25 per ctl. .
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 7@18%c per lb;
String Beans, 12%@20c; Cabbage, 90c; Toma
toes. Jl 60 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, Los
Angeles, 10c per lb; Green Peppers from Los
Angeles, 2@8c per lb; Dried Peppers, 9@llc;
Dried okra. lOfjlio per lb;. Carrots.. 254$35c per
box: Cucumbers, 75c; Summer Squash. Jl 50;
Garlic, 4@5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
$12© 15 per ton; Mushrooms, 8@15c per - lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
WASHINGTON
Flour, qr ska..... 10.943! Middlings, sks...
Oats, ctls. 251 - *
* • FOR THURSDAY. DECEMBER SO.
Flour, qr sks 8,890 Mustard, sks 18
"Wheat, ctla 4,800 Wine, gals 43,900
Barley, ctls " 600 Pelts, bdls... 62
Beans, ctls 1.250 Hides. No...,.:... »«<
Corn, ctls 210* Quicksilver, flsks "
iPotatoes, sks 10.559J Leather, rolls.... 12*
Middlings, sks... 355 Sugar, ctls 1J.0W
Bran. sks.... 1,170 Raisins, bxs 1.737
Onions, sks L140t Chicory, bbls W
Hay, tons.: SOOfTallow. ctls ««
Oats, ctls 675'IJme, bbls «B
Receipts of Produce.
5.15c: Golden C 5.C5c; barrels. Kto more: half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more: 50-ibbags,
10c more. No orders; taken for -1m* than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-bar
rels, «.40c; boxes. e.65c per lb.
market was dull; creameries, 15©23Hc: dairies.
13@ 20c. Cheese, quiet ; lOH0U%c. &Bgs. . dull ;
fresh, . ¦ ... -
THE SAN FBANGISGQ CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO., Auctioneers, A
Jl and S3 SUTTER STREET.
Telephone Main 618L
Cash paid for Furniture. Carpets. Desks and
Merchandise to parties not wishing to wait for
Auction Returns.
BOOKS! BOOKS ! BOOKS!
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY. D»»
cember *)th. Kst and 22d. 1900.
Commencing each day at 11 o'clock a.- m.,
WE WILL SELL IN OUR SALESROOM by
CATALOGUE the private libraries of two Eng-
lish frentlemen. consisting of 5000 books, finely
b °v U Jli™ an( U nostly Er -sll3h editions.
NOTE.— This la a collection that very seldom
is effered at auction. Catalogues now ready
and books en exhibition.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Aoctloneera.
AUCTION SALE
SWITZER'S HORSE MARKET,
TWELFTH ANT) HARRISON STREETS.
To-Monnow.
• SATURDAY. December ttd.
Commencing at 11 o'clock, *
"We will sell 57 head of ALL-PTHtpoSTB
HORSES from 10CO to 1700 pounds. A fine lot
of horses and must be sold. Call and examine
this stock before the sals. Positively no limit.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION.
On account of remoTal. premises are sold
and building will be torn down. H. M. Black's
carriage factory at the corner of Katoma and
New Montgomery sts.. at 11 a. m.. Friday. De-
cember 21. 19C0. we will sell his entire stock of
Carriages, Buggies. Wagons. Machinery. Tools.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers, .
Office 325 Sixth at.
CALL CALSXDAIt.
DECEMBER. U00.
'fl. (M. T. s vr. T. Mooa's Pha»esT^
; jl '^~T (T>, VmM Moon. A
JL_L_l._!-_i._L_L (ft Last Q^rtejv
» lfl U 11 13 | 14 13 Peceaber H.^
~i5~~ir~~ir i» ~ao~ja*"a" Q x * w Moon «
J f "** D»ctinb«r a.
•JliL JLJL 11^. -^yirst QuarteT
30 31 I l~^ DecinbT t3.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m. Steamers leave Broadway
w wharf, San Francisco:
l&Nh,^ For AJaskan Port*— 11 a. m..
t*^f?S^ T " x - la - 17 - "• rj - Jaa - 1-
*5«^V*5t9SS < - ha ?* e to ©°rap«ny» ateamers
l^ffi^ For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
iSaSSaeHII O> Port Townsrad. Seattle.
r**^X:iz*?l& Tacoma. Everett. Anaoort««
*** 11 a. m.. De«. 12, VI. i». XT.
Jan. 1 and every fifth day thereafter. Chaoc«
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle Or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C P. Rr.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Dee.
14, lJ. «e, ». Jan. S, and «v«ry fifth day there-
after.
For Ban Diego, stopping only at Saata Bar*
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Lea Aa-
erelea>— Bteamer Queen. Wednesdays. 3 a. m.:
steamer E«.ntA Roaa. Sundays. 3 a. m.
For Santa Crux, Monterey, San Simeon, Cara-
cos. Port Harford (9an Luis OWspo). Oaviot*.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. Ban Pednv
EtLMt San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
Bteamer Corona. Fridays. J a. ra-; steama*
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Uagdalena Bay. San Jese del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayrr.as (Mex.)— 10 a. in. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserve* tie- rl8*t to enang«
¦teamen, sailing dates and boars of sallisc
without previous notice.
TICKET OFPICB-4 New Montxoaery
street fpalac* Hotel>.
GOODALL, PERKIX9 A CO.. Gen. Agents.
19 Market rt.. San Franclsa*
inu n. n.
I«ST»ATtTH FAST BTXAMZXS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at ll_a. va.
riDt "XiaT'rst Class Xncraataf^Bertlti
rAnt S3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Dec 14, 24, Jan. i
GEO. W. ELDER Sails !>•«• M . *•
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
TbroozB tickets to all points East. .
E. C WARD. General A*rnt.
tSO Market it.
TOYO KISEN KAKHJL
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streats. at 1 t. a..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calUn* at
Kobe <Hloro). Nagasaki and 8han»hal. and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received en board en day of
sailing*.
SS. AMERICA MARTJ^.....^^
Saturday. December ». U0e
SS. "HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 14. 1*1
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 1». 1*»1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company** ofSe*.
411 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General AgvnU
AMERICAN LINE.
ffSiT TORS. SOUTHAXFTOa. LOS303. PJLSJ3L
Stopping at .Cherbourg, westwound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. in.
St. Lewis Dec. 261Xoord!and Jan. H
New Tork Jan- i Friesland Jan. 23
Kensington Jan. 9lVaderland Jan. 3D
RED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwerp.
Prom New Tork Every "Wednesday. 13 Noon.
Westernland ...Dec. KlNoordlana Jan. 18
Westernland ...Jan. 2 Friesland Jan. 33
Kensington Jan. SISouthwark Jan. 38
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPACT.
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery st.
eceames.s.to, »R^a
SS ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. December 19, 2 p. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia -
Wednesday, January 3, 1901, 9 p. m»
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti „....
Sunday, January 8, 4 p. ra.
i. D.SPSECKEIS J B33S. C8.. Sonera! Agents. 377 Harbi St
Eea'l Pasec.tr Ette, 643 Marbt St, Pfer la. 7. P&fc li
PANAMA R. R, S S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
1 S. S- ROAHOKE sails Jaauary 8.
S. S. ST. PAUL sails January 23,
From wharf, foot of Fremont St.. at 8 IS «*,
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast A««nt.
COaPlGNIS OEMEBiLS TRAK3ATLANTI5UE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
SallltKr every ThursJay. lust^ad of «*tJCO
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Plw «. * ™ " mm
North River, foot of Morton street, rtrst class
to Havre. $53 and upward. Second class to
Havre. WS and upward. GENERAL _AGENC£
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New Tork. J.
F. FUQAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. TicJtet*
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
BAY AND BIVEB ;
FOR D. S. NAVY TARD AND TALLER.
Steamer "MeatlceOau**
>-MON Tues. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat at »:U
*ay^"*l cm Md 8lS>: Sundays. 10:» a. m.: i
pf y nt and office Misslon-stret Doc*.
Pier No. 2. Teleshone Main laCS.
FARE S 08
weehIcall
¦ I : VSlides Off Church Steeple.
S. J. Jones of 9« Van Ness avenue, while
engaged yesterday in repairing the steeple
of Father Coyle's -«hurch In the Richmond
District, lost his footing and slid", to tho
ground, a distance of fifty f eet . When
picked up he was found to be. suffering
from a tpralned ankle and other, injuries.
He was conveyed In the ambulance to. the
Emergency Hot-pi ta i, ; tv Iwrs ' Dr. jBunnell
attended him.
Goods Ordered Returned.
BERKELEY. Dec. 20.— Justice Edgar
has ordered the household goods which
were taken from Mrs. Barbara Hoffman
on a search warrant eworn to by Martin
Johnson returned. Mrs. Hoffman testi
fied that Johnson presented her with the
i poods. *¦';¦:*•
Dr. Franklin Marries Dr. Borchers.
OAKLAND. Dec 20.— Announcement has
been made cf the wedding In New York
cf T>r. flertha Borcheri of O«akland and
I>-. Milton W. Fratklin of Ban Francisco.
The hriflc- is the daughter of Mrs. Nellie
Borchcrs fend resided at 13C3 Castro street.
The executive council of ."the -Grand
Council of <lillion:Ia of .the Order of
Chcsen Friends, .which represents 115
councils : with an aggregate membership
cf more th3n four thousand in California
cnfiiNevada. has ,1-een- discussing of late
the ' advisability ;of seceding from the
Eastern " Jurisdiction and . reorganizing ; all
the lodges In- the • States west of the Mis
sissippi in order to "protect the beneficiary
features of the California and Nevada
members. : - •
Each council in the Jurisdiction has been
notified to send delegates to a special ses
sion of: the -Grand- Council to be "held in
tbid ; c!ty January 2. : . •
Chosen Friends to Secede.
Examined One Witness.
The matter of the contempt of Dudley
Dubose cf Nome progressed the distance
of the testimony of another witness yes
terday, but that was not far. The-wit
ness was J. C. Nanson, one of the own
ers of the Topkck mire and also an
owner of Mach claims. He told how when
his beach claims wjere "jumped he sought
the court at once and Judge ¦ Noyes ad
vised him to waive a jury. He sa'id he
thought juries were uncertain . quantities
anyway, and he expressed his willingness
to let the case go before the court. It was
evident he* would not tell as much as it
was thought he would, so he was excused
end the case went over again to await
the appearance cf Deputy Marshal
Monckton, who since his return from
Nome has been suffering from inflamma
tory rheumatism.
SPICY TESTIMONY IN
LAMBERT WILL CASE
Neighbor Says That Mrs. Lambert
Always Called Her Brother-in-
Law an Animal.
OAKLAND, Dec 20.— The Lambert will
contest continues to develop eplcy bits
cf testimony. To-day Mrs. Catherine
Walsh, the proponent of the will, testi
fied to the ill feeling of the deceased for
the contestant, James Qulnlan. and the
affectionate relations between the . dead
woman and herself. Mrs. Monahan, a near
neighbor, was called >.o corroborate Mrs.
Walsh and testified that the deceased
never referred to Mr. Quinlan.by name, or
as her brother-in-law, but only as "that
animal."
JUDGE GREENE DECIDES
IN BEKCOVICH'S FAVOR
Holds Defendant Gave Equivalent in.
Cigars for Money Received
From Patrons.
OAKLAND. Dec. SO.— Judge Greene ren
dered a decision this afternoon reversing
the decision of Police Judge Smith in the
case of the people against B. Bercovich.
a Washington-street cigar dealer, who
v. as found guilty of violating an Oakland
ordinance prohibiting nlckel-in-the-slot
machines. The court ordered that Berco
vich be given a new trial, holding that the
eame as play d by Bercovich was not Jile
gal. The decision did not go Into the mer
\XM of the slot machine ordinance.
Judge Greene held that Bercovich gave
an equivalent for the one dollar which his
customer gave him when he guaranteed
eight cigars to his customer, v.in or lose.
Mystery Envelops Identity of a Sup
posed. Accidental Death at
Point Richmond Wharf.
- ¦ POINT , , RICHMOND,' Dec. 20.— "For
Grcd'8;sake,' fave me!" was the wild cry
that attracted Night' Watchman Conners
to the railroad wharf -at 3 o'clock thia
morning. Conners hastened,. to the end
of the dock; but; before he- could do any
thing to locate the supposed drowning
man the screams had 'been' stilled.
'Tho- watchman. could locate nothing in,
the water, although he Is satisfied the
yelling was that of a man who had fallen
overboard. -Investigation. to-day threw no
light* upon the mystery. ¦
UNKNOWN J MAN DKOWNS
WHILE CRYING FOR HELP
Wants Him to Return . Har Property
, • - and Pay a. Large Sum for
¦ , Use of It. ; ; - : 0i-r;
OAKLAND. Dec- 20.— Lady Yarde-Buller
"wants. to collect $35,000 from her guardian,*
W. B. " Greenbaum^ She has . filed I *a
suit asking for the recovery .'of 120,000
of her property' which' was put Into
his hands as guardian 'and. $15,000 for its
detention, .which she alleges was unlawful '
The - property In Grcenbaum's possession
consists ¦ of plate, bric-a-brac* and other
household decorations, three bonds of the
Portland 'Gas- Company and wearing ap
parel. The lady. asserts that she has made
a demand for her property, but that
Greenbaum heeded it not. : .
LADY 5 YARDE-BXTLLER •'
LAWING WITH ; GUARDIAN
day a tidy sum as the result of Miss d'En
nery'a charitable efforta."
OAKLAND, Dee. 20 — W.' E. Dunning
a" salesman -for jRv/Jff& Co. of Chicago'
having offices whhSpohn. Patrick & Co '
San FraViclsco, sriit Jetters last evening
f rcm I Alameda to the latter /inn and to
J. J. /Warner of th'B.clty. which inrlicated
the I writer's decision : to er.d his life. To
day Dunning, sa!d I.e'.had written the let
ters , while luff-iring from a nervous at
tack brought on by the belief that hehad
cancer of tho" storr.ach. and that he had
no Intention of, committing suicide.
Threatened to Kill Himself.
•The class will present- "A Scrap of Pa
per,"*^he' class farce,- to-morrow evening
Those who will I take rarti. are <.•• Walter
Macauley, - Harry.? Kelfer, - Robert. Suther
land, V Robert vWesldchl, , James Kuu
Flora Fricksrtad. Lucretia Gross, Emily
Dillon. Alice Wills." Mae Knight and Flor
ence Malone.i&rsEHBiHBHflE-? ' '
OAKLAND, Dec. 20.— The t < 'graduating
exercises of the December i class of the
Oakland HighiSchool will ? take place to
morrow evening at the gymnasium. The
address to f the class ; will be delivered by
Rev. E. R. Dllle, pastor ~ of) the First
Methodist . Church.- . Diplomas : will , . O o
awarded, by John' Russ, J president -of the
Board of Education. The class .officer:*
are:. President,. Charles- Wilecx; vice
president: and secretary, :Mi3s : Knight
treasurer. James Kutz; sergeant at arms'
Fred Cotter. - - v ,-¦¦¦•- - ¦*,-'
High School Graduation.
Football Captain Elected.
; BERKELEY, Dec. 20.— Preston "Plum
mer has f. been ! elected -; captain '-'-. of -. the
Berkeley High;- School football -team -for
next season. '; Plummer <: played ' right
guard In the local eleven: this^year.-^'V'-r
Dainger field * Still" Gains.
Forty-three precincts have been counted
fh the Daingerfield-Qraham = contest* and
at the^close. of the recount ¦*¦. yesterday
afternoon 'Judge Dalngerfleld had gained
fifty-two -votes.;:-." l . .'-", %•
I suppose 'all J of us -are suffering from
the invasipn; of electricity.'. My old friend
Bounce, * who- was a victim - of insomnia
for forty years.'v thinks. he sleeps now bet
ter than- any, other man on earth. He
lost his way in the Adlrondacks and
stayed overnight Irt the > cabin of a for
ester. ¦ His sleep was the • sleep of . a Just
man made perfect, and* in the morning
he -found that he had' not moved half an
Inch all night.. ¦'"It's the insulation," the
forester insisted. : "You ¦.; dy folks are
klllln*. yourselves with contact. If .you'll
break i the contact" you'll be, able to sleep
and get your t nerves back." This matter
of • "contact' V w as .. finally explained to
mean'that'our bed .posts are in^contact
with" the : floors," the - floors with the walls
and the walls .with mother earth; so that
whatever | personal magnetism a •= man has
in him 'goes away. 1 In "the nighttime,, leav
ing ¦ him ¦' like a 'log, on . his ; mattress. The
forester had obtained ' four "glass :• Insula
tors- from telegraph > poles somewhere: and
screwed - J them ; on. thej posts of hisvguest
bed;, so that the . electricity : could : not run
away.^ Bounces the very. day;he got home;
insulated his ;bed,- and from that moment
to the. present' his Insomnia has been ban
ished.—New iYork "Press. '<-.
A Cure for Insomnia.
CHRISTMAS FESTIVALS
IN OAKJ-AITD , CHTJBCHES
Children to Be Entertained With
Holiday Song and Gifts — Ap
peal for Donations.
OAKLAND. Dec. 20.— The First Baptist
CSuircn Sunday-school will hold a Christ-
TT'ft« festival to-morrow evening. "The
Birds' Christmas Carol" wrlll b« sung by
•: children. There will b« a Christmas
tree and holiday jollity.
The Sunday-school oi tne First Unitari
an Church wil! obsprve Christmas with
8!) entertainment next Saturday after
noon at 4:30 o'clock. There will be a
Christmas concert at :he church Sunday
evening.
The lady managers of the West Oakland
Home, 973 Campbell «lreet, have made a
pub'.ic appeal for donations. There ate
120 children in the home besides a baby
department.
Children's Hospital Donations.
The annual donation days for v the Chil
dren's Hospital are now on. and each day
until Monday evening, the 24th. except
ing Sunday, a committee of the directors
of the hospital board will be In attend
ance at 227 gutter street to receive the
contributions of those who feel friendly to
this institution.
Free Delivery Extended.
BERKELEY. Dec. 20.— Free delivery of
mails has been extended to the Clare
mont district in the eastern portion of,
town:
.Gutting's Plunder Traced.
OAKLAND. Dec. 20.— The wagon load of
merchandise found In the possession of
the suspected burglar. Charles F. Gutting,
was stolen from the store of Sabin & Co.
at Tracy last Sunday right. Gutting has
admitted that he was in that town Sun
day, but he claims he found the goods
In a boxcar at Port Costa, He sold a lot
cf 'he merchandise about town under a
score of aliases. The Sa.n Joaquin County
authorities will take charge of the pris
oner.
ALAMEDA; Dec. 20.— For a char
itable purpose twenty little tpts,
under the direction of the tal
ented Miss Rosine d'Ennery, will
entertain Saturday evening at Ar
mory Hall. Though the talent is all very
young It is' yet very accomplished and
there will be a programme of sweet sing
ing and fancy dances that will pleace
those who attend.
Miss. d'Ennery has arranged the enter
tainment for the benefit of W. H. Dlxcn,
a pioneer resident of Alameda, veteran of
the Civil War and a hopeless paralytic,
who, because of his helpless condition. Is
unable to earn a livelihood for himself
and wife. The couple are about to be
ejected from a home on Mlnturn street
which they have lost through inability to
pay the remaining installments.
The children who will take part in the
entertainment are the following: Char
lotte d* Evelyn, Cleo Wells, Marlon Mitch
ell, Charlotte Hansen, Emmv Lemcke.
Myrtle Fisher, Florence Plummer. Mar
guerite Durney, Eugenie Masten, Claire
O'Neill, Viola Minor, Anita Junklns, Ma
bel O'Neill, Christine Turner. Edith Por
ter, Rita Johns, Ruth Carson and Emma
Lancel.
The cause Is a worthy one and Miss
d'Ennery is receiving great praise for her
efforts on behalf of ..he old eoldler and
his wife. Many tickets have been sold in
advance and Mr. Dlxon will receive to-
FORGED TICKETS CATJSB
TROUBLE AT CLASS FARCE
Crowds That Gain Admittance on
Bogus Cards Overwhelm the ¦
High School Students.
OAKLAND, Dec. 20.— The ' students of
the Oakland High School are agog with
excitement because .of the discovery to
night at the presentation of the December
graduating class farce that some,unscru
pulous miscreants had forged a large num
ber of tickets of admission to* the enter-
a Under direction cf Principal J. B. Mc-
Chfsney u number of tickets had been
Issued, limited to the- capacity of the
High School -Gymnasium, whore the farce
was given. Long tefore the curtain rose
the tnrong of spectators had packed the
hall and scores of parents and friends
were unable to gain entrance In spite of
the cards they had. . _
- The farce, "A Scrap of Paper." by J.
Palgravc SlmpBOn, was well nandled by
tfte following cast: -
Prosper Couramcnt, Walter Macaulay;
B^ron de la Glacierc, Harry Kelfer;
Brisemouche. (landed proprietor and nat
urrdlfit), Robert Sutherland; Anatole (his
wa-d) Robert Westdahi; Baptiste (ser
vant) James Kutz; Francois (servant of
Prosper). • Albert Meads: Louise de -la
Gl&clere, Miss Flora^Frickstad; Mile. Lu
zanne de Ruseville (her cousinK Miss
Emily ' Dillon; 'Mathilda (sister to Louise),
Miss "Lucretia GroEs; Mile. Zenoble (sister
to • Brisemouche), Miss Alice ' ..Wills;
Madame Dupont (housekeeper). Miss Mae
Knight; Pauline (maid), Miss Florence
Malbne.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 2O.-Citizens of
Gulfport, Miss., a lumber town seventy
five miles from Nev '"'Orleans," to-day
lynched one nesi'O and are on the trail of
three ethers, as the result of the murder
of Town Marshal W. E. Richardson last
night.
The negro lynched was not the one who
did the shooting, but' he had been ar
rested by a po.v?e that was pursuing the
real culprits :ind his relatives.
The murder was the result of a dispute
between Alvln Lewis, a negro, and Mar
shal Richardson. A large crowd, princi
pally composed of negroes, and including
two sons and two nephews of Lewis, both
of the latter bearing the same name, Hen
ry Lewis, surrounded the men. While Ihe
Marshal's back was turned one of the
nephews drew a revolver, and, taking de
liberate aim. shot the Marshal through
the heart. The crowd at once scattered,
arid Alvin Lewis, Isis t-ons and nephews,
fled in the direction of Wold River. Blood
hounds were ; secured: and Alvln Lowis
was quickly, captured and sent under
guard to >lississippl. City, where he was
placed in'Jafl.'.'The posse kept on Its way
tind ran' down. one of the nephews. The
prisoner protested his innocence, but waa
started toward Gulfport under an escort.
Half a mile from Gulfj«ort tiie escort was
overpowered rand the prisoner taken away
and shot to death. -' The pOsse is still pur
suing the two Lewis boyj and their cou
sin. .-„,.¦•¦ - - - ¦ ...
Victim Merely Relative of
Man Who Commits
Murder.
sarte movements. It was quite success
ful and much enjoyed by the large audi
ence. . .
CROWD LYNCHES
INNOCENT NEGRO
DURPHY'S % APPLICATION
FOB A WRIT IS DENTED
Supreme Court Refuses to Interfere
in a Sensational Humboldt
" County Case.
The Supreme Court yesterday denied
the application for a writ of prohibition
commanding a Justice of the Peace of
Humboldt County not to hear an exam
ination after the matter had been passed
upon and dismissed by another Justice of
the same county.
.In September of thia year Margaret F.
Durphy arrived in Eureka and claimed
that Bradley F. Durphy, an old resident
of that city, was her husband. Durphy
was then living with a woman known aj
Sylvia Durphy and who had lived in Eu
reka many years. A complaint was sworn
to by Mary F. Durphy, alleging unlaw
ful, cohabitation and a Justice of the
Peace who examined the case dismissed
the charge..
Immediately thereafter Durphy was re
arrested and taken before another Justice
upon a complaint Identical In wording as
the former one. Mr. Durphy's counsel
yesterday filed a petition In the Supreme
Court for a writ of prohibition to prevent
Justice I. A. Beel from proceeding with
the second examination. This was de
nied by the court without comment.
NORMAL SCHOOL HAS
CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL
Pupils of the Le Conte Grammar and
Primary Grades Are Invited
Guests.
The Normal School of San Francisco
gave its second Christmas festival yester
day afternoon for the pleasure of the Le
Conte school. In a hall on Powell street,
'l nree hundred and fifty lucky youngsters.
boys and girls, gathered to enjoy the en
tertainment and Christmas tree, whlcn
bore the usual Joily fruitage of the sea
son. They sang "Night Before Christ
mas" and other songs. Miss Carpenter
sang them a solo. The Glee Club of th»
Normal School warbled a Christmas song.
Miss Louise Lisbon, president of tha
class of 1901. presided. Misses Carpenter.
Bertha Roberts. May O'Donnell. Stebblns.
Wentworth. Mabel Ahrens, Clara Brown.
D'Erlach. Mate Moore. Gay Spencer ani
Wentworth took part in the festival. Misa
¦Wentworth Impersonated Santa Claua.
3IABTHA HTJTCHINSOIT IS
BERNARD RAlfSOKE'S BRIDE
Home Wedding of a Couple Prom
inent Among Society Folks
of Two Cities.
OAKLAND. Dec. 20.— The wedding of
Eeraard Ransome and Martha C. Hutch
inson was solemnized Wednesday after
noon at the residence of the bride's pa
rents at Eighth and Brush streets. Rev.
Robert Ritchie, rector of St. Paul's Epis
copal Church, officiated. The wedding was
celebrated on the first anniversary of the
marriage of the bride's sister. Mrs. Wil
liam B. Prir.gle, v.ho was the only attend
ant of the bride of to-day. Prentlss
Hutch5nson. the bride's brother. ' was
bett man. Dwierht Hutchinson and Ed
ward Sessions were the usher*.
The drawing-room where the wedding
took place was decorated in white and
green, the large entrance hall being em
bellished with Christmas berries and
mistletoe. Myriads of dainty lighted
csndl"?, hidden among the foliage decora
tions, were en effective setting to the p'.c
ture. The bride wore a gown of white
Fa tin. trimmed with old lace on sleeves
a nd bodice. Mrs. Prlngle was attired in
her wedding gown.
Seventy-tive gruests tat at the
wedding breakfast which followed
ihe ceremony. Those at the bride's
table were: M!?s Ida Belle Pal
mer, Mips Eth»-i Valentine, Miss EHza
toih McNear, Mrs. William B. Pringlp,
?'::-s Carri"? Havf-n, Miss Hess Prlngle,
illsa Caroline McDougal of Mare Island.
William B. Pringrle. Slias Palmer. Edward
BvssiOBS, Charles Lathrop, Prcntiss
Hutchinson and Dwight Hutchinson.
After the honeymoon trip Mr. and Mrs.
Ranpome will roFlde at the residence of
the bride's parents.
THE LITTLE QIRL WHOSE COOLNESS PEP.HAPS -PREVENTEDA SE
RIOUS PANIC IN A CROWDED HALL, AND THE LADIES WHOSE
PUPILS GAVE THE ENTERTAINMENT.
Forger's Fight Unavailing.
OAKLAND, Dec. 20.— J. S. Barnes, the
insurance agent charged with Issuing
bogus policies, waa found guilty as
charged to-day by a jury.
Taken to Tracy for Burglary.
OAKLAND, Dec. 20.— Charles Gutting,
charged with the burglary of Sabin ."i
Co.'s store at Tracy, was turned over to
t snstable Geiseke of that town to-day.
High. School to Debate.
ALAJIEDA, Dec. 20. — Representatives
from each of the high schools in Berkeley
and Alameda will meet in debataj to-mor
row night at Armory Hall. The subject
to be debated will be: "Resolved, that the
Immigration of skilled and unskilled la
borers into the United States within th*
last* decade has been productive of more
good than evil." Alameda will take the
affirmative of the question and Berkeley
the negative.
STETSON, THE BTJNKO
MAN, ARRESTED AGAIN
While Case Against Him Is Fending
He Fleeces Eastern Man
Of $180.
Charles Stetson, alias Carl Station, was
arrested yesterday on a charge of grand
larceny. Stetson met Robert Teeter, re
cently arrived from Washington, D. C,
and assisted by two other men robbed
him of $1SO at poker In a room, at 405
Kcarny street.
Teeter realized he had been robbed ana
threatened to make trouble. Stetson then
ofe'eo* to buy his dupe a. ticket for Port
la<i«l -CT-here Teeter nas relatives. If tha
Washington man nouM not "squeal."
Teeter accepted the offer. AVhile Stet
son was buying the tloket Corporal Egan
saw him. and knov'ng him to be a bunko
man. began questioning him. Teeter told
hl3 stcry and Egan arrested Stetson.
Stet3on is the rran who was arrested
about ft wetk a^o for fleeoing E. A. Pal
mer, a stranger in the city, out of consid
erable money. .The case- against him, 13
now pending in the Police Court-
KIMBALL NARROWLY
ESCAPES DESTRUCTION
Returns to Seattle in a Leaking Con
dition Aftsr Battling With
the "Waves.
SEATTLE, Dec. 20.— The Rteamer John
S. Klmball, which sailed Sunday for Hon
olulu, returned to port to-day, having
pprung a leak in the furious gale t^iat
raged off Cape Flattery Monday and
Tuesday. Part of her cargo will be un
loaded prior to an examination of her
hull. The leak is believed to be. above
the water line, near the bows.
The Klmball had a thrilling encounter
with the storm and was forced once to
run for shelter before it was decided to
return to Seattle. Heavy sea« swept the
vessel, the water penetrating to the en
gine-rooms from Tuesday morning to
Wednesday night, when the boat reached
Port Angeles. Pumps were constantly
worknig. barely keeping the leakage un
der control.
Gallant work was done by Chief En
gineer ilclntosh, who worked eighteen
hours at one stretch in the*engine-room,
standing up to his knees In water and
encouraging the Stokers. The Kimball
was on her Initial voyage to Honolulu
when she ran into the storm. Her cargo,
consisting of 700 tons of general merchan
dise and coal, was not damaged. The
fea« which swept over the boat, besides
inundating the engine-room, entered the
saloons ar.d staterooms. Carpets were
ruined and the interior woodword badly
scarred.
METHODIST SEMINARY
IS UNDER QUARANTINE
Seven Cases of Smallpox Discovered
in School on the Outskirts
of Seattle.
SEATTLE, Dec. 20.— Twenty-eight pret
ty girls are confined In a dormitory at th*
Ross Free Methodist Seminar}' near Fre
mont, a suburb .of Seattle, while a police
man watches to see that there- Is no com
munication with the outside world. Health
Officer McChesney Issued the order be
cauFe seven cf the twenty-eight pretty
girls have smallpox.
To-morrow morning the health officer
will go out to the Institution armed with
vaccine points. It Is his Intention to
scratch the arms of all the pupils he can
find, that the spread of the dread, yet ap
parently not serious, disease will be pre
vented.
How the disease first got Into the Free
Methodist Seminary at Ross is doubtful.
Some time ago there waa a case of fick
n»ss there. It was supposed to be
chicken-pox, the health officer > says. The
wife of one of the officials at the seminary
was In Rossland some time ago. After
returning home she went to Oregon. She
Is now ill with stnallfox.
DANCED IN "AXTOGETHER"
AT DEMOCRATIC SMOKER
Police Haid the Hall After the Per
formance and Arrest the
.--.'.. v* 1 Dancer.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 20.— The Butler "In*
dians," henchmen of the Democratic Con
gressman-elect from the Twelfth District,
gave a smoker last night at Solles Hall,
1309 Biddle street, which had an unusual
feature even for Indians. *It was nothing
rrcre nor less tfcar. a woman dancing- "in
the altogether" before a crowd of COO, the
majority of whom were In such a condi
tion that "nothing was too good : for
th«m."
The smoker was given under the
auspices of the Fifteenth Ward Demo
cratic Club, and the dancer who emulated
Little Egypt was a woman calling her-
Eelf Fatima Eaquetz. She claimed to be
a Mexican senorita. After the perform
ance Sergeaiit Boyd arrested the dancer.
Death of Peter McDonald.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 20.— Peter Mc-
Donald died in Dawson November 26. He
was one of the best known Yukon pioneer
miner*. He went to the Yukon Valley in
KJS7 In a party of miners and for a long
time was a prominent mining man in the
Forty Mile and Circle City camps. In
January. 1997. he arrived In Dawson from
Circle City and .engaged successfully In
mining. He was not related to Alex Mc-
Donald, the Bo-calied "King of the Klon
dike." Peter McDonald was born in Nova
Scotia thirty-eight years ago. He leaves
a mother and two sisterr, a brother In
San Francisco and has an uncle and
brother-in-law In Daweon. A year or two
ago McDonald- lost a foot while climbing
between freight cars on the Seattle wa
ter front. -: . - " . •
Street Railway for Dawson.
SKATTLB. Dec. 20.— The Alaska Coal
Company has presented a petition to the
Yukon Council for an electric street rail
way In Dawson with branch lines to the
I various neighboring creeks. The cora
j pany intends. *.f successful In securing the
franchise, to build fifty miles of the road
before spring. It will spend Jl.000,000 in
the enterprise. The financial strength of
I the concern is said to guarantee the com
pletion if the franchise Is obtained.
Little Folks to Exhibit "for the Purpose of
. Aiding an Old Soldier.
T0TS WILL ENTERTAIN
FOR VETERAN'S BENEFIT
OAKLAND. Dec. 2O.-Wlth rare
coolness and presence of mind.
Alma Cahill. thirteen years old,
prevented a panic Tuesday even-
Ing during an entertainment at
Klinkner Hall, Golden Gate. There were
400 people In the auditorium, and the af
fair was running smoothly when sudden
ly a burst of flame among the stage dec
orations caused a startled rush among the
auditors. Little Miss Cahill was at the
center of the stage in the midst of a reci
tation. The greenery and cloth embellish
ments were smoking and blazing, but the
child did not stir, nor check her words.
¦whlch-«eemed to come from her lips more
clearly and strongly as she observed the
danger.
Her coolness checked the spasmodic
movement that was started, and men who
eat near the flaming decorations tore
them down and stamped out the danger
ous fire. As soon as the last spark had
been crushed out the startled people
regained their composure, and the inter
rupted entertainment was resumed.
The stage was illumined In front bv gas
footlights. Some of the finery used In
the decorations was drooped too closely
to the burners. The stuff became hot dur
ing the evening, but the danger was un
noticed until, without a bit of warning,
the flames broke forth. They were ob
served quickly enough to present a more
serious result than occurred. Little Miss
Cahill was given an ovation by the audi
ence when she had completed her num-
Jf r> 7 he >,Fl at £ of v »r*«ma."-the rendi
tion of which had been so rudely dis
turbed. - -
"It dldnH amount to anything." the lit
tle heroine modestly said. "1 went rljrht
along with my recitation, and did not
jii n \ so much of danger to myself as I
did the scare that the audience might
have. By not stopping the attention of
the people was kept and the fire was
soon put*out." Miss Cahill resides at 1012
Fifty-sixth street.
The entertainment was the first exhibi
tion given by the pupils of Miss Edna Ca-
hill and Miss Louise Lancaster. The pro
gramme was a varied one, composed of
songs, recitations, fancy dances and del-
JURY FINDS EDEH
GUILTY OF ASSAULT
First Conviction Secured
by the Prosecution in
the Three Cases.
Prisoner Was the Second of the Trio
to Be Tried for the Brutal
Attack Upon Hiss
McGraw^
Oakland Office San Francisco CaTl.
111S Broadway, Dec. 20.
Wllliem Edrn, alias "Buck" Eaton, will
pay the penalty for his participation in
the brutal assault upon Miss Martha Mc-
Graw in West Oakland last spring. Edea
was cne of a trio of young toughs who
were arrested and charged with the crime.
The cases against all thre« were appa
rently flawless, but the first trial, that of
James Keating, resulted in a disagree
ment: John Cronln is in jail, awaiting hla
hearlngr. and Eden's fate hung In the bal
ance for twenty hours after the case went
to the jury yesterday afternoon. In hla
case there was positive Identification by
an outside witness, Albert Smart, who
ran to the young girl's, assistance, but waa
beaten off by her assailants. Smart Knew
Eden and swore :hat the latter struck
him in the face. Thlr morning at 11 o'clock
the Jury cacre 'nto court and requested
that Smart's testimony be read to them.
They then went out again, and twenty
minutes later brought in their verdict of
gui'ty. As the pritontr realized tbat he
must face the court possibly for a life
sentence he sta^eerea to bi r > fset. pale
and trembling, and crossed over to -where
the bailiff was waiting for him. His sis
ter, who has ekini: to him regardless of
his shame, rose and threw her arms
cround him and they went together- to the
jail, where the young- convict will remain
until Wednesday, when he will be brought
before Judge Greene for sentence.
Oakland Offlca San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway.' Dec. 20.
The Southern Pacific Company h.i3 come
out into the open with the renewal of its
schem-i for the compulsory insurance of
employes. Ten days ago The Call told
the story of the rr.ovement tVsat hart been
started to awaken interest in the sup
posedly defunct plan. To-day the com
pany posted in its yard offices at West
Oakland a long petition which the men
are supposed to sign. The petition covers
practically the same scheme that was
tought by the brotherhoods last summer
ana is to alt appliances the identical
proposition, revamped and placed beiora
the men again, 'lnis 13 the third stage
of the deliberate violation of the promise
made by the late Collis **. litintington to
tha brotherhoods that the scheme would,
be abandoned."
The first mow was the publications on
Insurance which have been made by The
Railway Employe, a journal published by
G. Sanford, a clerk in the auditor's de
partment of the Youthen*, Pacific Com
pany. Thtre folKwe.1 a call for & con
ference of railroad men at the "Railway
Employe's" office. These moves had the
sanction of the official heads of the com
pany and were directed, it is believed
among the men. by A. F. Hess, who waa
Imported last spring from the East to in
augurate the Insurance scheme. Coupled
with these "educational" moves was tha
sending out of carefully worded letters
and the circulation among the workmen
in the shop and yards of matter bearing
upon railroad insuiance.
This prclimlnury work cf revival has
culminated In the public posting of the
petition which calls for the voluntary ap
plication by signers for the inauguration
of the insurance scheme.
The move is confined to the unorganized
employes so far as can be seen at present.
Throws Pledges and Promises to the
Winds by Posting Petitions
for Applications of
Workman.
Southern Pacific Casts Off
the Mask and Makes
Publo Figk
OPENS BATTLE TO
FORCE INSURANCE
Will Merely Have a Tag Tisd Axound
His Neck and Bearing the
Necessary Traveling
Directions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DERBY. Conn.. Dec. 20,-^Clifford Cor
nelius Turk, six year? old. Is going all the
way to California alone. Clifford Is the
r-on of John Turk, who formerly resided
here. When the boy was. a year old. Mr.
Turk took, his wits to California for her
health. Clifford xvas left with his grand
mother. Mrs. Turk"s health did not Im
prove, so her husband went Into business
in Pasadena, becoming manager of an
electric street railway company there.
Mrs. Turk dlc-d and Arr body was cre
mated. Illness prevented Mr. Turk from
coming Easi after his son, and he wrote
for him to postpone the trip until sum
mer, when the Kastern climate would be
more propitious. Clifford, however, was
loth to abandon the" trip, and he ob
tained the reluctant consent of his father
and grandmother to undertake the long
journey.
He will leave Derby on Christmas day.
with a tag around his neck on which will
he written his name, destination and itin
erary. He will change cars at Xew Ha
ven and aeraiii at Springfield, which he
leaves at twenty-five minutes past six
o'clock in the cvenfng via the Boston and
Albany. From Albany to Chicago he will
travel over the Michigan Central, and
then to the coast by the Santa Fe route.
Six- Year-Old Clifford Turk
to Cross the Continent
Without Escort.
LONG JOURNEY
OF SMALL BOY
Little Alma Gahill Allays the Fears of a Large Audience on
HhBJ Verge of a Panic at an Exhibition.
' Special Dispatch to The Call.
PENYER. Dec. IM.-The strange influ
. r.ce with which Mrs. J. G. Warner led
pretty Mips T.izzle Clarkson from the
b me of her father. Rev. J. F. Ciark*on.
D Tojr.eka. Han., to make her n despised
nurnial in Mrs. Warner's home In Denver
CBd lately in San FTancisco sterns to have
\Trn<1e<l to the Hev. Charles H. Coo*
who was until recently rector of Eplph
c-ny Episcopal Mission in this city.
:.;r. Cock, who is a gTadurtte of Ann Ar
b*r and v.ho Is a doctor of philosophy,
| r,s been doing missionary work In Colo
rado and Wyoming: for twelve: year*, the
:as?i three years of which he spent in Den
ver, lie was very successful. Two years
r?o. however, he met Mrs. Joseph G.
"U trner. t\ ho posed as a spiritualist. He
began to study a different kind of psy
chology. He read all that has been writ,
ten on the subject of spiritualism. He
s-iw a new light. Though pastor of the
EpJpnanjP Mission, most of his time was
f pent with Mrs. Warner and her devotees.
"}iis violin disappeared from his home
i-p.d he refused to tell what had been done
with it. Now it is learned that he had
&Ken it to the home of Mrs. Warner at
No. 3S2S High street, where he played to
make the spirits and ejwoks come forth
and -dance across Mrs. Warner's parlor
flror.
.His family was averted. The people of
his church congregation btgan to com
plain. The crisis came last month. He
received a polite n«te asking him to re
sign from the mission. Without any ob
jection he did so.
Rev. Cook could not agree with his fam
lljr- He left home and then devoted all
iiis time to the spell that enthralled him.
His wife and little son were left without
anything but what they earned. He took
to lecturing on spiritualism. The Warner*
moved to San Francisco pome months ago
and have vrirteti him many times to
ccme there. He was* anxious to go but
could not raise the money for a ticket.
Several times he approached Dean Hart,
of the St. Jrhr.s Cathedral, asking him
to secure a pays. Mrs. Cook did not want
him to k<» to San Francisco. She knew
that li wa? an effort to again get within
the influence of Mrs. Warner's "black
cup." but two weeks aco Dean Hart did
get Dr. Cook a jv>«=s, and he is supposed
to be with the AVarners In San Francisco**
Before Rev. Cook left he secured a let
tor from Bishop Spaldir.g transferring
him to the diocese of California. It is
r.ot known if he win make an effort to
secure a charge ia the Episcopal church
there.
Two of Mi?? Clarkson's brothers passed
through Denver a few days ago bound for
San Francifco. where they will attempt
to' rescue her from Mrs. Wanrer's influ
erce.
Deserts His Family, Resigns His
Pastorate, and Follows Medium
Urs. J. G. "Warner to San
Francisco.
Strange Spell Is Thrown
Over Rev. Dr. Cook of
Denver.
SPIRITUALISTS
EITHMlT THEM
COOLLY CONTINUES THOUGH
STAGE DECORATIONS BLAZE
THE SAN FRANCISCO >CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER ; 21 ¦ 1900.
MISS ROSINE D'ENNERY, WHO
WILL DIRECT iJXERCIBES.
Photo by Haussler. / •
11
DECEMBER 23. 1900L fl
AMUSEMENTS. I
A Sermon by Rev. Samuel Slocombe. ju
The Greatest Chinese Funeral * fl
Ever Seen in America. |
How Bears Saved the Life of |
VV. J. Lam rick. N |
¦ ; ' ;: "'"- _ Washington Society for 1901. __|
¦¦ JxS? Christmas in Our Latin Quar- £&^ |
A Night on a Fire Engine. j / I]
v s By Nan Byxbeei ||
, the Subtle Art of Posing. fj
By Patrice. U
Where Christmas Toys Are IJ
Mate./ J jj
And Other Stories of Human • a
Interest. |
PECK'S J8AR BOY AND THE GROCERYMAnJTHE SA^ FRANCISCO CAM], FRIDAY^ DECEMBER -21, 1900.
12
vV^.y -HOUSES TO LET. _-_-__¦-_.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send lor cir-
B cular. Q. H. UMB9EN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HYPNOTISM. ,/.:'
PROF.: RAYMOND— Strictly reliable: teaches
• hypnotism in five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
INVALID CHA1KS A.ND TKIC1CLKS.
BOLD and rented; tnanfr. of the Eatnes tricycle
'-¦ cbatr. -•- EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market it.
O/Aj^ LOST AND FOUND. .
LOST— Embroidered centerpiece, vicinity K*«r>
— ny and Sutter. .Thursday; reward.1313 Taylor.
LOST— Near Tenth and Mission, plain gold
ring; lettering Inside. Return • 1601 Mission.
$25 REWARD— Lost while shopping, lady's dia-
mond solitaire ring," on Tuesdav afternoon be-
tween half past 3 and 5 o'clock: probably at
store of either Davis, Schonwasser & Co. or
White House. ¦ Apply . 101 Chronicle building.
WILL the gentleman .who yesterday picked up
. 'the purse in front of 281 .Twenty-ninth st. re-
• turn the same at the same place upstairs and
: receive reward? v , .. • ' \ . . .
LOST — Brlndle greyhound pup;. female. Return
to 1504 Kentucky st: .-- . ..'.¦-¦• :" .
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy send
-10c for latest HM. MR.T..HEP.TZ. 706 Ellla ot.
; * V MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHLT»TMarket'st7r corrsixth—
M Safe and reliable ladles', physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed; when others fail
consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 2S yr*.'
successful practice ; guaranteed ~ tre&tment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
-.. suit free. 942 Post st. bet' Hyde and Larkin.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market— Ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed ; ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home, cure; stamps dr.
DRS. GOODWIN. 10O7H Market, expert ondls-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F., a
¦ cure guaranteed; $5 at office: have cored thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see freo.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladle*' spe-
. clallst; safe and sure cure, $3: best care; low
¦ fees; wh«n all others fall consult free.
LADIES' Home Remedy Co., 212 Ellis st. Pri-
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded; sanatorium. . ,¦
DR. WISEL the ladle*' specialist. 1118 Market St.
DR. POPPEiR. specialist for 87 years for female
troubles., 323 Kearny st. ; call and see me.
MRS! DR.- QWYER, ladies' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy Bt. ;
DR. NG TOY KEB cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento st, near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SAL...
BOILERS, Engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1S7 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
~" linoleum, new and. second-hand; we ilwtiys
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made:
we can «htp everything in 24 hours. J.
NOON AN. 1017, 101J. 1021. 10S8 Mlstlon St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue. ' - . . -
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 lown and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and wic*.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California,
st. ;. rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A— OPEN-FACE 14-karat solid gold ca»ft split-
• second horsetimer for $35; cost originally $145.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
DIAMOND cases, ladles' gold watches, Ameri-
can movements, warranted. $27: cost $55; al-
. most new. Cal. Loan Of flee. ¦ 32 Stockton st.
SECOND-HAND ' 'Locomobile" ; having new
¦ boiler made: delivered In 8 weeks. GEO. A.
ALDRICH.. 1255 Market at. -
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st
2 SHARES People's ¦ Mutual * Telephone Co.
stock; $25 per share. ,Box-395S, Call office.
EUROPEAN framed painting*' sacrificed ; .exhi-
bition dally 8-4 p. m. at 528 8utter, rms. 4-5.
ON E Brunswick-Balke billiard table, complete.
Apply. box 3934. this office.
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEY-
PER, 206 Clay st. ¦ .» : ¦ - ...
40 H. P. COMPOUND steam engine, complete,
cheap. H. 8. WHITE. 514-518-618 Mission sr_
PORTABLE . engines, ' boilers;- Iron- and wood
.planers, lathes; 2d-hand.,J. Burke. 139 Bealc.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and ¦ magic • lantern goods
bought, sold. ¦ exchanged. , 109 Montgomery st
10-TON Fairbanks scale ¦ and fire j and -bu>-glar
pTOof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lp.nt.erns, new " and 2d-han<l: .moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market nt. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BILLIARD table wanted; one \ln good order:
size 4',4x9. Address; etattng' price, room 147,
,- Hotel Pleasanton. ". •
.WANTED— 3 H. • P. • gasoline engine and tinner
machinery. Box 3931, Call office. \ -
SECOND-HAND pool and billiard table; large
or regulation size preferred. . Box 3942, : Call.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought St
¦sold. SHverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHE AD. 1710 Market st -
; - MONEY TO LOAN, j
ANY amount on furniture, pianos', without re-
moval. 'or any other i good -security; payable
.back In Installments . or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape/ and publicity; see us
first; you will be " waited : upon quietly ) and
quickly. Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages.
.¦........¦.•..'...'.Interest in Estates ..:..'
.. . Undivided Interest, In -Real Estate.......
Financial problems of all' sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A-^-MONEiY to loan at rates which people can
¦r a ftord . to : . pay - on : furniture. ; piano*, etc. ; do
. not borrow of your, friends or you will lose
their, friendship; do. business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY amount at « per cent ; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest.: real estate in pro-
bate ; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-'
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. *L
HIGHLY respectable.' pri\-ate place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644.; Branch 19 Third st.
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWN STONE. 11 Montgomery st
MOST reliable place | to borrow on diamonds,
.watches. Jewelry. . W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
• highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds, j
ANY amount,' lowest rate*. . on furniture, etc. ;
f no removal, no commission ; strictly conflden-
tlal. - Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 801 Jones.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building- :
-,•- low ¦' rate. - Home Bldg. Co., 222 Sansome, rm. >.
MONEY loaned on personal property or pianos
without removal. 1167 Market, bet. 7th & 8th.
CASH loaned on salaries. ¦ New -York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.'
S% on furnltureand pianos; $15 jj up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
:-HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs.; dty. country; 6% undl-
vlded lnts. ; estates. HARPER. &7 Parrott bid.*
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan. Co.. 366 Parrott build-
; ¦ Ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
i; low i rate. I 917 ; Market st. room 1..
ON furniture and pianos: no removal; conflden-
:tial: on diamonds. ; etc. 83 Taylor st..-
CA8H loaned to salaried people on note, without
:V J lndorstr. MORRELL, 609 : Examiner building.
TO salaried people without , collaterial : or in-
'¦- dorser. S.F.PIecounC Agency. 14S Phelan bid.
; v :, MONEY WANTED. ,
ANY proDoeltlon, any amount; 6 per centiflrst,
. necond mortgages, estates In probate, lntere-*.
• In estates' legacies, corporation loans, chattel
>' morti-sges and - securities. Room 16. 1st floor,
: Chronicle building. . HALLORAN .' & OLSEN.
; ; MUSICAL.^ l>STmJMEXTS.
'A^BIG~safe r of pianos now going on; all pianos
"at ' reduced i prices r". fine large one,i$155;num-
1 - ber on time : limited ; ! agency Chlckering, 1 , Ma-
; ¦>' son & ; Hsmlln,* Vose, - Sterling, etc. a BENJ.
.".CURTAZ & SON.,16 O'FatTell st.; open even-
*.. ings. ; •: V \" ¦:* . . ':,-¦¦•': 'j- ¦¦.'¦¦.:*.¦ -..¦¦¦¦¦' ¦
BEAUTIFUL , 3-pedal - upright , piano; 'standard
s - make; ? leaving ¦ city ; ,j used i 2 1 mo. V 732 : Ellis. ..
BUPERIOR ' violins/ zithers, Told and i new." H.
. MULLER.* maker, ; repairer.;: J Latham ; place.
BARGAIN— Must -be t sold ; 'I nice i upright piano.
. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st, next Hlb. Bank.
DUSIIfESS CHAJfCES-rCOirrilfUED.
1400— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent: loca- i
tlon perfect: cigars, stationery, notions. Walt-
iiur room, 2Sd-ave. station, E^at Oakland.
CORNER grocery store for rent. $25^ formerly •
$«0; big city, "country trade. LAYMANCE, »
460 Eighth st.. Oakland. ¦
FOR eale — Small restaurant; reasonable;-; two
living-rooms. Box 762. this office. . •
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALS. ,
MONEY loaned on lodising-houses. 1V4 - p. • o. ; j
anything you want in lodging-houses; s'mples:
87 rooms; on Powell St.; rent $175: prlce..$1900
24 rooms; on Leavenworth; rent $125; price 1300 -
16 rooms; on "sunny ride; rent $25; price.. 750 j
7 rooms; on Geary St.; rent $40; price 460
12 rooms; OTarrell »t.; rent $50; price... 660
6 rooms; Turk st.; rent $27; price 300 •
For quick sales list your houses with A. L. '
WILLEr. 916 Market rt. : phone Black 5215.
A— 22-ROOM house; central.... $1000 -
20-room house; first class... 10w '
11-room house; $475: 6-room flat 325
20-room house: Eddy; rent $75: only 900 *
FISHER & CO.. 1CJ2 Market St. '
BXAP-U rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo. | T,
only $125. FWHER «t CO.. 1032 Market st.
60 ROOMS: rent $150 t2200 ;
12 rooms; nicely furnished S00 -
100 room*; ele^ani furniture 6000 .
Will loan from $100 up at 14 P««" <* nt - ]
DAVIS & RIVES, r. 69. 916 Mkt. St.
LODGING houpe wanted: 14 or 15 rooms; north ]
of Market St.; on sunny side of street; no .
basement; eood furnishings desired; price .
must be reasonable for cash; (no agents). J
Address G. box 3910., Call office. .
120-ROOM house: long lease: new; modern:
- central: best investment In the city; only J
$4000. JOHN ELDER CO.. 686 Market st
LARGEST list lodging houses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD.
rrcs. 1-2. 917 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth. '
1 1100— 60 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished ;
all rented; low rent BASILE, 3 Eddy Bt.
$450—12 ROOMS, all full. 219A Mason Bt_. near .
O'Fajrell. .- -
$150-BARGArN: 14-room lodelng-house; fur- -
nltfhed. Arply <S3 Dupont st.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS. '
TWO Shetland ponies, surrey, cart, double and i
single harness, two saddles. 908 Oak si
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light I
camping- waeron, for nale cheap. 682 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving horses. ISth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
M^lSTdrTfARNHAM, world renowned spirit- •
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law- .
suite, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
rr.inina; a specialty: clnj. Sun., Wed., Fri.ev's:
come and be convinced. Permanently located •
SIS Eddy f>t. bet Hyde and Larkln; no sign. -
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
d'.um and life reader: also medical clalrvoy- :
ant; treats all dieea*es at office or by letter;
sittings, $1. 1164 O'Farrell st; take Ellis car.
C. V. MILLER has returned from his 9 months' :
successful European tour and is located at ;
10S4 Bush St.. near Leavenworth.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night and Sun.
eve.; sealed letters read; 10c . 14S Sixth st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. I
Meyer, sittings daily: tests to all to-night; 10c.
EARLE, 805 Taylor et, corner Ellis— Sittings
daily; seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS. gifted spiritual medium.
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy et.
C Mayo-Steers, 112% Oak. trance medium; '
readings. SI; hours, 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard S27.
CLAIRVOYAKT8.
MRsTdrI F. CLAR^~the~weU-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1506 Market
et.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send etamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. „¦ .-¦
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently: advioe
given In all affairs of life: satisfaction guar-
anteed: 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
€th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; 25c up. 823 Mission st, nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 6th; German spoken..
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 26c. 7 Seventh st
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past
_ present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 44S^ Jessie at.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st, rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATIXG AND 'CLEANING.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Plonaer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-S57 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
STANDARD, tli Guerrero— Curtain* and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned.
tc yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
I CARPETS cleaned at So per yard, laid at 6ol
I STRATTON'ST » Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
| tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor. -
i CONKLIN'S Carpet- Beating Works. !S3 Golden
j Gate ave.; telephone East 128. -
CHIROPODISTS. Vv-U;
CORNS, bunions, Ingrown nails, warts, chll-
i bluing; palnlttis cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
; COLLECTION OFFICES.
| GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
les* successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
! $10— COTTAGE; rear; 4 rooms and attlo; gar-
j dec: water free. 1121V4 Filbert st.
; ~~ DENTISTS. \
A^^eE^ECTOb^ENT^AlTcU^cr8oTMar^
ket Bt., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
.without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 £0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 8 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W, WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manag-r.
i A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c; plates,
$5, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicaco Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st. :
i EIGHT prizes for beet crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free;, prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. \
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are ¦
made; old plates made over like new;. teeth :
from $S per set; extracting. COc; gaa given.. 1
THE New York Dentists have moved to 869 '
Mission st, cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult: plate work solicited;
positive pu-lnlPM extraction, 50c. . * .. .
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 1206 Market
Et. ; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
A. L. SIMPSON. D. D. S. '
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. J4; crowns,. $3; fillings. 25c
j VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
| days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk ft.
i *********************************************************************************************************
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C. — A harmless liquid for ¦ permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
i wanted. Ontario Chem. Co., ag*cy, 426 Ellis.
; DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
I McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
' patterns cut; evening class. - 1019 Market st
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Poet.over O'Connor &. Moftatt.
- DRESSMAKING; reasonable prices; dresees
i made over; uerfect fit 3S7 Geary st -
1 EDUCATIONAL. . "
;' ATRES' Business College, 723 MarkeT^st.— Day
' and evening; $S per month; $50; life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business ; educa-
. tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 poeltion s secured for our students
l during the pact f> :n an ths; catalogue free. .
. GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.'
> Gallagher,-; expert court - reporter, . teacher I of
: shorthand;' reportorral phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping:, full course. $50; catalogue.
I HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, • 24 Post st. ;
S. F.— Bookkeeping, Bhorthand.-v typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. - English; branches,; civil."
• electrical and mining engineering, - etc ; - day
and nlsrht sessions; new 80-page catalogue. free.
• XESSON8 In boxing wanted. Address T. GAN-
- 1* NON. M« Clay st; state terms.- - -
;¦; A; ;; help -wawted^femaxe.'' ' '
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ..... . . .'.Phone^ Grant 183
. ...HOTEL DEPARTMENT ... ....%...
. Head, waitress, .first-class hotel, (30 ;- waitress.
Colusa, $20, ; fare paid; .waitress, =, Marysville,-
120 and' $22 SO; 2 waitresses, /Arizona,' $20, sea
party r here. ' fare paid ; * waitress, Bakersfield.
.fare paid. $20; waitress Lathrop, $20: 2 wait-
resses. : city.- $*>;¦ chambermaid to wait." $20;
laundress, light work, hotel, $20.
-..;.....: FAMILY DEPARTMENT ...........
Working ' housekeeper on > ranch, $30; ranch
¦ . cook," nice place, i no children, Martinez. . $20.
. *ee , party here; - housegirl, '3 In - family. : for
the north. ; see . party; here, $30; middle-aged
Woman as companion to old lady, $10; house-
. flrli, • second girls, nursegirls. etc C. R.
HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st. /
WORKING housekeeper for 2 gentlemen, short
distance country, $20, »ee party here. C. R.
HANBEN & CO.. 1M Geary st.
GIRL for} general housework : ' family ' of I four :
references; wares $20. r Apply 722 Broderlck
et.. near. McAllister. Saturday forenoon.
WANTED— Waltrega. Call early. 51» Poet st.
WOMAN or grirl to help with children; no cootc-
lng; $6; good home. 578 Sixth st. .. ¦
SEWINO Machine operator* v wanted at Lev!
Strauss & Co. 'a overall factory, Z2% Fremont
st. , Apply to MR. I DAVIS. . . ;
M'OMAN: to do; plain family cooking; must
have experience; or man and wife or mother
and dauglter could be accommodated; Amer-
ican family; good place f of right party;, apply
at once. 670 Harrison st. (Rlncon Hill).
K-N-I-T-T-E-R-6- ~-
And girls to lear.i to knit; good, permanent
positions. Golden Gate Knitting. Mills, 9-11
Stevenson: st..- ne«r First. ¦
NEAT middle-aged woman for cook and general
housework, Oakland; wages $20. : Address box
. 2C66, Call .office, Oakland. ' A .
WANTED — Lady of good " judgment and some
business ability for responsible position. Box
8937. Call ofnee ' . -¦
GIRL or woman for light housework and care
for children. 2517 Bush st. k ¦, ¦ ¦
A1 PRESSERS wanted on olouks at M. SI-
MINOFF'S. 1228 Market St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
• subscriptions ha* been : established at 10M
Valencia st. ' :
HELP WANTGD-HALB.
A^URRA^&".'M3ADYT/r.?.Vpho^rM7[in"1i8«
Leading Employment and J Labor Agents
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY.:.... v .
6 laborers to clear land and build fences. .$45
Buggy washer, country stable $50
Cabinet maker v.. Carriage painter
2 teamsters, same ranch..... '.....$26 and found
Farmer and wife....... ....Milk wagon driver
8 more slnsle hand miners.:...... 160
WE SHIP AGAIN TO-DAY.. '..FARE PAID
„ For 25 redwood tlemakers, 9c to 12c, tools
and provisions furnished......".
Woodchoppers, 4-foot and stove wood, $1 to
$3 cord ...;
S HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook and wife, no objection 'to child, country'
hotel. $50 and found; man and wife as waiter
j and dishwasher at j the mines; 10 cooks, $30
to $50; ranch cook, few men, $16;' waiters,
country. $10 week; butchers, country; baker,
shop, north- $H week. MURRAY & READT,
634-636 Clay st. ,
AT C. R.' HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 183
..'. :.... RAILROAD WORK
Teamsters, laborers and tunnelmen...
Free fare ¦ ....Free faic
10 tlemakers, 12c a tie, - fare ' advanced ; har-
ness maker for ranch, - $30 ; 50 . woodchoppers,
$160 per cord. -*•''. - ¦' :• ' -
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
3 French . and 3 Italian waiters, , first-class
restaurant, $11 a week, fare paid, swell place.
Camp cook, $50; 2 waiters, country hotel, $30;
polisher and starcher, country laundry, Joli.
4 colored waiters, country hotel, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Gear}' st.
WANTED— At once, 643 Clay. st. -
50 woodchoppers, fare $2 $150 cord
30. woodchoppers, fare $1. tools furnished
$2 50 cord
Coatmaker, city, first-class house $5 day
Walters In restaurant $11 week
6 waiters for hotel .$30 month
Night -cook, -city. .:..... r...... ....... $60 month
Boyto learn waiting In hotel. .$10 and found
COLLINS, DECKER & WILLIAMS, 643 Clay.
A— WANTED. :¦¦ •.. ' '
' 4 farmers for orchard, $20; vineyard hand,
.$20; harness repairer for ranch, $2 a day and
board ; ¦ 2 " woodchoppers, Santa Crux County,
4- foot oak and r>lne, $1 50 a cord;, dish washer
for. Oakland, $25: driver for milk wagon, $35.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay et.
A— 1 BRICKLAYER, 1 hard wood bench hands,
carpenters, - cabinet-makers; all non-union.
Mechanics' | Registration Bureau,- 401 Kearny
et.; room 9. ; „"•'. ¦-.-.- • ";•¦ •,
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
free employment bureau; the only recognized
labor union . of 4 barbers. 115 1 Turk st. ; tel.
Folsom. 1583. L. LESS, „ Secretary.
BARBERS' Proirresslve Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1(1.
BARBER .shop completely* furnished, with 3
new. revolving chairs. to. let. cheap to a first-
class barber. Inquire Commercial Hotel, Oak-
land racetrack," Emeryville. .. .¦ ¦¦:.-, / ¦. • -
> FIRST-CLASS barber shop for sale; finest loca-
tion in Oakland. Call at WILL & FINCK'S.
, 118 Market st., San Francisco.
BARBERS— $100 buys 10c shop in the Mission;
no. opposition; 4 living rooms, yard; "cheap
.rent. Apply Call office. .
B ARBBR for Saturday. ' ' 1211 Market st.
WANTED— A barber for. Saturday. 3152 Six-
¦ teenth st. ' '¦ : •-•..¦;.: ' . : . -
STEADY barbers wanted; one extra. 623 Clay
street..- : .-.' , .- '¦• - - ¦¦•" i ;. .- • . '. ,."
YOUNOman about 18 to learn -barber trad«'
free;, private shop. ; "; Box 3939, Call office.
PRESSMAN wanted immediately ' on custom
work. 600 . Kearny , St., room 2. .
ORNAMENTAL brass and Iron workers. S.' F.
. Novelty Works, corner Bay and Stockton sts.
WANTED— First-class coatmakers. Apply S01
Montgomery, st. and 1110 Market st. -.
FIRST-CLASS pantsmaker. -Apply 1110 Market
st. and 201 Montgomer- st. -
WANTED^ YOung : man ' in = tin shop to learn
trade;. 17 years of age. 633 Mission st.
AN" AI etewardifor, large .cafe; must- furnish
refs.; young man preferred. -Box 3947. Call.
DISHWASHER wanted. 153 Third st.
NIGHT cashier wanted ; all-around man. . 19
¦ Stockton . st. ... V .,.••- - :
SHIRT cutter on stock work. LEVI. STRAUS8
& CO.. 36H Fremont st. See Hlndshaw.
BOYS wanted for the holidays. Apply at W7
Market st. ,. ¦ \ ¦ ., j ..».:..... .;„ . ;.,¦>..' .- - ¦
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to.tOc, 862 Mission St.. bef 1st and 2d sU.
WANTED — Popular man employed in the me-
chanical department of the Union Iron Works
to i represent us during his leisure moments;
$100 per week for next year can easily be
.'made by right party, "v Address in confidence
box 390S. Call, office. ¦¦/ > . . .-. v, ,
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corp*, U.
• S. - Navy. able, bodied unmarried men of good
- character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
..less. than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over ( feet
1. Inch in height; able to read., write and
speak English. . For • further : information ap- \
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis
. etreet. Ban Francisco. Cal. .• ; . !-..-»•
MEN wanted to learn barber. trade; only eight
weeks required;, position guaranteed; special
.' Inducements; .catalogue ¦ free. . MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers ' and mechanics ¦ to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2. per week, y
WANTED— 100, men to take rooms, 10c, 16c and
20c. •;¦ Boston House, 1 830 Howard st. r
ALL sizes men's shoes. ' slightly damaged, half
. price. B62 Mission: St., . bet. : 1st • and 2d : sts. r
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
firm, 806 Market, room 40.? Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard St.,
r S. F. ¦ Barber - School. .' .-. : , . •
SAILORS.'i ordinary, seamen i and * green hands;
¦all parts of world. ¦: HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart,
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order," $1 per week, at
. cash prices. \ N. - Y ¦, Tailoring Co. , : 116 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House. i 44^Thlrd st.; ¦ near^ Mar-
v* ket; 700 rooms,' 25c night: reading-rooms; free
.» 'bus and baggage Uo and ; from ; ferry. '; <,-:¦;:;;-•>
CLASSIFIED advertisement* anrl subscription-!
:: received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore »t.;
A WEEK'S news j for 5c— The Call, . H
c pages, ' in ' wrapper. ¦: for ' mailing. ; $1 . per year.
'' , . r;nnMORmioii>s: r
ANY case of Piles, ; Piles, .Piles. :p7lesTover~iob
V permanent . cure* among i business men : of San
•: Francisco alone; men .who can be interviewed:
;ence with business during treatment." For fur-
.*. ther particulars add.; Physician, box 1950.'. Call.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Male
40 - HORSES r f or ¦ sale : »¦ also v wagons. ''¦; buggies "
; carts, harness. c Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday;
\ SULLIVAN. & DOYLE. ; Auctioneers. ::. . ;
SOUND. . gentle horse. ~. 190 Precita av*. ' :
FRESH cow; gentle. 201 Congo st, BunnyslOe.
TIE AL ESTATE COXTSTTIY-—X'ot S»1»
$7000—70* ACRES situated tn San Benito Co..
IS miles from Hdllister: 20 acres bearing or-
chard; ICO < acres nearly level: balance rtchj
rolling hills; common farm buiMjags; land !s"(
suitable for fruit, hay and stock raising; will
sell very cheap or exchange for residence or
small acreage around the bay. W. G. GRIF-
riTH. rma S1-S12-313 Hearst Bldg.
43.CCO ACRES of fine lands, suitable for farm-
lnjr or grazing.
20.000 acres of fine timber lands, at twenty-
five cents per acre: worth investigating.
JOHN ELDER CO.. 6S6 Market st,
CIF.CULARS free of hundreds of farms In *!1
parts of the State; stock farms, fruit farm*.
chicken ranches. Call at office or wrlta.
MARION GRffFlX, 719 Market, nr. Call btg.
XCCURATE knowledge, each of the 30C» ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
all other agents in city; state what's wanted.
N. D. SICKELS. the Lund Agent. « Geary »t.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Week'v
Call, IS pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
postage pnld. -
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMED.l REAL ESTATE.
ONE of the most elegant homes in the city of
Alameda at a sacrifice.
One excellent house. S rooms, servant's r*x>m
and bath. In the best part of Alameda, will be
sold at a great bargain. LEONARD & LEON-
ARD. 205 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
JfEW -cttac- C rtr.a.. bath: lot 50x100: Minion:
rental terms: and vacant lots. 412 Ksarar ¦*.
OAKLAND FUR.MTtRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. «39. corner Larkln— Bay window; al-
cove kitchen: gat atove: by week or month.
BARTLETT, 411— S pleasant sunny connectlnj
unfurnished rooms; sink; bath.
MARKET, nr. Mason — Lars* sunny front rm..
kitchen, folding bed. gas. $12. Call U2 Kearny.
NATOMA, 701, cor. Eighth— N'icely furnished
housekeeping rooms; raan and wife.
OAK. 12»— Xlcely furnished room, complete for
housekeeping. *J7- ' ..•¦¦
TURK, 1*— 2 nicely furnished front rooms for
housekeeping; In private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia st. *.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfarn.
ANY person desiring board, board and- room,
furnished and unfurnished room*, furnished
and unfurnished apartments, furnished and
unfurnished flats: housekeeping rooms, nouses
furnished and unfurnished, please call and
examine our list; we have largest and most
satisfactory selection in the city: we mako
' so charge for service* : tel. Red 3334. Elder
Rental Information Bureau, 834 Market st.
A-BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth— Room* S3o
to U per night; Jl 25 to *> per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT, I43S Market (old No. 13M>— Fur- (
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSM, 620 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rma; day. 85c up; wk. jl tO up. Mrs. P. Raaft.
CLIFFORD, M4 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GEARY. «5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rma; suite* or single ; traveler* accommodated.
GEARY. 813%— Large furnished sunny room.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suit* or
single; ladle** parlor r reading-room; elevator.
GROVE. 40S^i— Nicely furnished BUlte of rooms;
also slnsle rooms.
LAS P ALMAS, 1820 Market st_— Suite of > or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin. rma. ; board optional.
LEWIS place, IS— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let: single or en suite.
NEW ABUNGTO.V. 1014 Market *t-— Nicely
furnished rooms. $3 a week up; 3Sc a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished room* and
office*; elevator: electrio lights; day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 743— Sunny front bay-window
room; gas. bath, phone; $15: double room, $9.
ROYAL House. 1M Ellis st.— Incandescent light:
• reading-room, smoking-room, and ladle** par-
lor; rooms, per night. 33c to %l SO; week. $3 to
$8; month, S3 to ISO; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with not and cold water: baths.
ROSSDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellla st.— Rooms.
night 25c to »1. week (I 85 to U: open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. IS Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER. t2tm, — Changed hand*; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. SS; suites. $12 to $25 mo.
WEBSTER. H9— Three sunny rooms, furnishe4
> or unfurnished.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscription* has been established at 1094
Valencia »t-
ROOMS ASH BOARD. .
AT the eld Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California St.. may
be found a most exceptionally rood table, at-
tractlve and sightly room* at modest rate*.
~~ SPECIAL 2VOTICES.
OFFICE of the Collector of Customs. Port of San
Francisco. Cal.. December 18. 1900— Notice is
hereby given that the Commissioner of Navi-
gation, under date of December 13. 13C0. has
authorised a chanre in the nam« of th« steam
tug L. LUCKENBACH to DEFIANCE. Said
vessel. was built In 1339: official number 141.-
021: gross tonnage 2«; owner. J. D. Spreckel*
A Bros. Cbmpanv. P. B. BTRATTON. Col-
lector o< Customs.
BAD tenants ejected for M: collections male;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5530.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th« Weekly
Call. . 18 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada cne year for II.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 Uh.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needle* and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 8.
' STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
•vTILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 728 Mission St.;
teL Mam 1840: shipping at cut rate*.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell" better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, «35 California; telephone Main 288.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any maJta.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st. ._
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DI ViDEN D NOrTcE-^Dlvidend No. 112 »fl£ty
certs per share) of the Ooeanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the eince of
the company. 327 Market St., on and after
Wednesday. January 2. 1901. Transfer books
close on Wednesday. December «.»<»• •*; J
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secy.
8AN Francisco Savings Union 533 California
St.. corner Webb. For the half year «din-
wtth the 31st of December. 1900. a dividend ha.
been declared at the rate per annum of thr fa
and Blx-tenths- (3 6-10> per cent on term de-
pcslts and three «3) per cent on ordinary de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday. J«»£^***-HITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— The German Savings and
Loan SvKiety 528 California street. For the
hS?y«£ ¦ eSllnr with December a. 13C0. a
dividend has teen declared at the rate o<
three and one-Quarter (3*4) per cent per an-
num on all deposit*, free of taxes^ payable
on and after Wednesday. January 2. 130J.
GEORGE TOURXY. Secretary.
A DIVIDEND In liquidation of S per cent on
, ,U deposits has been declared by The Califor-
nia Savlne* and Loan Society, payable on and
after Friday. December 14, l»00. at the offlca
of the society. Mills building. Id floor, room
».. CHA9, D. FARQUHAR3ON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS. .
pnOPOSALS will be received at the BureaiTof
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department.
Washington. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon. Jan-
uary 2. 1901. and publicly opened immediate';!
thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard, M4 \\J
Island. Cal.. a quantity of electrical supplied
combined punch and shear, brick, hardware,
sheet glass. Joist hangers, lumber, sheet steel,
and roofing tin. Blank proposals will be fur-
nished ' upon application to the Bureau or to
the Navy Pay Office. San FrandMO, Cal A.
8. KENNY. Paymaster Geaermi. U. ¦. N.
tt-5-00
MU5I CAL IX STRUMES T9.
wif have - stnTT'Tfew choice bargains for
these who want a very good. piano for a very
low price. ' Purses holding anywhere from
JCO to $200 can be emptied and the contents
exchanged for a piano. Special discounts for
cash this week, yet any piano in stock will
be sold on payments If desired. Open even-
lnga. MAUVAIS'. 76a Market at.
BEAUTIFUL Baumeister pianos as low as $K0
on easy payments, at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market.
TWO fine second hand Decker & Son pianos
at a bargain. '. Cash or payments. MAu-
VAI3'. 769 Market st. '
GREAT sale of music rolls. Largest stock in
the city. MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
DECKER. & SON or- Packard pianos are what
you should bay If you want the best that
can be made. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
ANY person haviner use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'i with
easiest payments, - lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Prlv-
' liege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos , for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for ?8 cash and
$6 per month. We offpr to sell some good
pianos for (3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
land.
A GREAT clearing up sale; all 1900 styles 23
per cent discount. Net bargains for holidays:
Guild $33
Emerson $65
Fisher $S5
Decker $135
Steinway upright, slightly used I1S3
Chlckertag $215
Hallett & Davis $473
Heine ......;... H83
Rent allowed: Installments, $<*> down. t« per
month up; open evenings. HEINE PIANO
CO., SI" Geary »t.
A-BTRON MAUZY'8.
Holiday Barglns In Slightly Used Pianos.
Bohmer, nearly new $430
Byron Mauzy. nearly new JOO
Decker & Son. walnut case 225
, Steinway & Sons 150
Weber JJ5
Bord 60
. 308-310-SU Post st., opp. Union »quare.
ABSOLUTELY ' the oldest and largest hous*>
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE* 3, 26.
2S and 30 O'Farre'l St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS— Pianos on storage almost given
away; also car fine new pianos stored from
factory; must bo sold at once to realize utor-
age and freight: Installments: open evenings.
WILSONS STORAGE CO.. 1710 Market st.
I 8 CARLOADS of pianos arrived to-day.- a little
late for holidays, but they must be sold at
some price; easy terms; every instrument
warranted: open evenings. THE DEWING
CO., Flood building.
CHICKERINO upright, left on storage. $187.
Room 36. 217 Geary st.
SPECIAL sale— Immense rednctlons: see our
leader., only $150. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS upright piano for sale cheap;
must sell. S15 Laguna st.
A GOOD banjo, mandolin or frultar tn exchange
for typewriter. Box 39C9, Call office.
LARGE 3-pedal upright piano, umd « mo. : leav-
- ing city. 419 Van Ness ave.. nr. McAllister.
THREE- PEDAL upright; nearly new; bargain;
* owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand uprights:
small installments. Hornung. 21S McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman, Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN A CO.. 314 Post.
AT KEEFFE"S. 933 Market »t.. 4 elegant up-
rights at. your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent sfeck in city; new nianos, JS per
month. SCOTT-CTTRTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
Oil*.
ASPHALT for sale; quantities to suit; will
contract delivery; our oil stock advances to 3c
share Dec. 20. JtTANITA OIL CO.. 800 Mont-
. gomery st.; egents wanted on commission.
5000 PROMOTION shares in an A No. 1 oil com-
pany at Cc: stock now selling at 50c. Box
3955. Call office.
CHOICE oil stock of rising value in the Mo-
Kittrick. district for sale. DR. HERBERT
REEVE. K\i Kearny st.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 830 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
Oil. LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory in
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; meet
wonderful oil field known: over 630 foot of oil
sand ; buy from owners and save commissions ;
have been In field from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON,
CARMAN & SOMES, 101 Chronicle bldg.. San
¦ Francisco; 416 - Douglas Block. Los Angeles;
Southern TTotel. Bakertrfleld. - f -
PALMISTRY.
H: JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 313
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Block SW.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
AD VICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Kt« miner big.
PERSONALS.
OWEN McCABE. importer, dealer In feathers: j
hair mattrese and pillow manufactory; old
feather renovated .thd purified; sll feathers
sold warranted , -well dressed with my patent
steam renovator.' 870 Mission, tel. Jessie 1114.
POSTAL cards with views exchanged for col-
lections. Address ABRAM CHIRICH. Bel-
Servla, - Europe. ¦
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 857 Jessie st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 792,
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed: fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment <;r
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 11th st.
PICTURES and picture frames of all descrip-
tions made to order: portraits enlarged; we
Ho all kinds of framing. California Fr.une Co..
fr!". Howard: open evenings; teL Howard 1673.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
. 23c to Jl E0 per night; $1 50 to $4 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Superfluous hair removed with electric needle;
electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles;
all branches taught. Miss Eaton, 1119 Sutter.
H.MIt' •'.ob'tlvely grown on bald hen da by purely
v»gi-*abl* c--»nround. ats-Mute uraoi. <"all or
address DR. G. S. MOORE. 433 Geary st., S.F.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St., be-
tween ¦ Seventh and Eighth. -%;¦-*
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1S10-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 7a, MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $8 50 DERBY and Fedora' hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near . Pine.
DANICHEFF sells holiday glove orders.good for
gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant ave.
MASQUERADE costumes, piny , books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DlT. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. -
SUITS to order.on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 164* Mkt. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 J Market st. -
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
. ' PHTSICIAXS AND SCRGBOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELU-Offlce and residence
1021H Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
CANCERS and tumors cured without surgical
operation. . DR. J. H. REEVE. 26H Kearny.
REAL , ESTATE -Cl'rV—FOit SAI.B.
BEGIN the New. Year by resolving to get your
home, and here Is the opportunity; one of the
choicest lots in . Richmond for . sale on easy
terms; first payment $30; quarterly payments
$40; well located and on the elevated ground -
west side of Tenth ave., a few steps from th«
corner of Clement and. Tenth ave; 25xl"*0 ft -
price SSOO: ' all ¦ street . work done; graded; gas'
water and: electricity ready to turn on 4 elec-
tric cars pass every few minutes; this choice
• lot cost $1200 over 10 "years ago; no lot like
. this, and with all i its advantages for a home
can be purchased on such terms and so cheap-
. both * installments of taxes ' paid : up to next
year. W. J. GUNN. 520 California St.. be-
- tween . Montgomery; and ; Kearny. . ¦
IF .' you have -; property ' north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W J
; [ GUNN,, 520 California st. - '
5 | OWNERS of property in the Potrero that wish
to i sell, call on,W. J. GUNN. 630 California
• | : st..;S. F. Savings TJnlon building.
\- BARGAIN— The last - of those fine cottages ai
., 30th and Church sts.; 3 rooms; all modern lm-
_¦"." -', provements and 3- room ,, flat in lower floor;
small amount cash." balance came as rent; see
I -owner, on premises. ' •__•...
i , $500 , COMMISSION, for , the first party who
brings, a purchaser for a fine business cornet
-y; in; the city;; price. $20,000; pays 7 per cent on
.'.;¦' : Investment.- PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City
.:.- Hall .square. ' ¦ • - ¦-¦ ':- • ¦. -
."MODERN horsss built; lowest prices: plans and
. ¦;¦; ; estimates furnished. Campbell, ; 1147 Mission.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BtTSlNESS OFFICE of The San Francisco $
Call corner of Market and Third etreete: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— r.27 Montgomery street, <
ccrr.er Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Haves street; open until- 9:80 p. m-
C39 McAllister Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m. I
CIS Larkln street; open until 8:30 p. m. •
1911 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
3CS1 Market Etreet, ccrner Sixteenth.; open
until S p. m. j
106 Eleventh etreet; open until t» p. m.
1C06 Valencia etreet; open until 8 p. ra. U *: •'
KorthwMt corner Tueaty-second and Kea-
t ucky streets ; cr>er: until 9 p. m. __-
MI3ET1XO NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Coramsndery No. 1. K. .
T No. S Post st. — K^-gular assembly HpB^
THIS <FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 F*
o'clCHk. All Iraters cordially invited. wa>
By Order of the Commander. *
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
I>ORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M • -
-Sp*^ial meeting THIS (FRIDAY) -#\_ •
1 ¦ ENIXG at 7:30 o'clock. First df- JLj\
¦tree, ilasous are invited. 13y order /^r » j
of ihe Master. ¦
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Mission »& g * i
¦ ¦> •:¦: N.. 111. Order Eastern Star, Jrt^, .
are notified to assemble In the chapel j
at the Odd Fellow*' cemetery, at 3:15 ¥
p m. THIS DAY (Friday) for the purpose of
conducting the funeral services of our late
Eister, ELIZABETH HLTTON HIRTH. By
order of the W. M.
MARY G. FOSTER. Secretary. ]
APOLLO L0IX5E No. 123. I. O. O. <sS*^*9"V
F. Triple INITIATION TinS^jgrJ*^ .
(FRIDAV) NIGHT. 8 o'clock. 1
Memorial Hall. J _
HANDEL H. ZOBEL. N. G.
"W. F. NORCROSS. Rec 6ec.
REGULAR meotlnsr of the Caledon- v ¦SfNf.
ian Club THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- "A »A« :
ING. at 6 o'clock, at Scottish Hail, "SsJsXKt '
117 Larkin st. Oood of the club. 1
SriecialUes by Clansman Archie Lauriston. :
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief. '
AyPRET\' McNAIR. Secretary. .
THE annual meetir.B of the stockholders of ttt«
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco, CaL. .
T.-H1 be held at its banking house, 801 Mont- \
comerj' et.. San Francisco. Cal., on TUES-
T'AT January 8. 19CL at J:U o'clock p. m.. -
fcr the election of directors to serve for the j
e.r.cuins year and the transaction of such
c ther taslcess as msy come before the meet- •
ire GEO. GRANT. Cashier. J
Pan Franc'.yro. December S. 1900.
AGEXXS WASTED.
Solicitors or agents. •
Gentlemen or la<lie« havlns; experience can
?. -k.- bl^ money.
APPlv at once bet^reen 8 and 12 a. m.
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND CO.. ;
21 Bpear st.
AGENTS to Introduce a new imported house- j
hold necessity of sound commercial value. |
Dundee lufg.'Co.. room 14. Flood bldg.. S. F. | '.
. . — j '
SOLICITORS wanted; men or women; good ;
Falar'.fs warranted; payable either weekly or j
monthly: expenses paid. 917 Market, rm. 615. '.
ADOPTION. •
A GOOD hime open for urirl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Dr. Funke. 1416 Eighth et.. Alameds. •
ASPHALTIM nOQFIXG. .
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired : postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607. | .
' ! t
IjR. C. TOUSET TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
ger — F^c copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. j
R. W. KING. S*T7 Market Ft.. 6th floor, room 627
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all caFes; fair fee; no advance
charges; loan* on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
AXjVICE tree; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without euccess: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, 650 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK UY SMITH; mining and probate la** a 1
er-ec Mills bids., r. 3. 4th floor: tel. Red 3616. j
AD\~CE free; no charge unless succeseful. W. j
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
I. EDTT. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market its. : phone Red £282. I
L. F. CLARK. Emma Epreckeis Wdg.. JOT Mar- I
ket et. : consultation free: no fees In advance. !
— — — — —^— — — ——^ —^^—^^ i
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange, j
ALLEN cells the Best bicycle*. Columbia,
Epalding. Barnes. Hartford, Monarch. 8tor-
mer. Pennant. %2Q up. 301 Larkln & 1870 Page. {
BICYCLES at reduced prices; we are clearing;
out cur 1900 models to make room for new
•{SOI ytnrV Yosemlte Cycle Works. 1522 Market,
BUSINESS CHAACIJS.
A— 5225; RESTAURANT and cbophouse opp. R.
R. C2.ble house; rent 120; good paying place;
investigate soon, as rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE, £6^» Kearny et.
A— JJOOO— LEADING barroom of this city; es-
tablished masy years and doing a first-class
paylne: business; place is located near Kearny I
and Ms-rket etp.; above S*^00 stock on hand;
Fp!en<2id bargain: owner must leave the city
at one*: to attend business north. Call R. G.
W1LKE. 26'^ Kearny ft. .
A — fl250; CORNER srocery and bar. one block I
eouth cf McAllister st.; rent 445; 4H years |
lease; etock will invoice the price; a good- j
rn>"fcg buslr.eys and established many years, i
Call R. G. WILKE. 164 Kearny st.
A— J450O; SALOON; estab. 20 years; close to
Chronicle bldg. ; etock will invoice the price;
1' ¦¦!<=<- : place known as one of the best-paying i
resorts In city. Call R. G. WUke. 26V4 Kearny. I
MOO— CORNER Baloon on Davis St.; no Sunday :
or nlglit work; rent $50; a first-class paying |
r.ropo«i-ir.*.. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearr.y st.
JSf'O— FOR sale; r.aloon, one block north cf
Market 6t.; under present ownership over a !
<Iozen years; reasonable rent; examine stock; I
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2VA i
K*arny st.
A— J60O; CORNER 6aloon on Jackson st.; rent j
120; kept try present owner 7 years; good bust- )
r.ess; clearing ?125 per month. R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st. - ¦-•;':..,- ;
A— J1C0; BRANCH bakery and stationery; 4 Uv- i
Jcg rooms; rent tU; a rood business for nxan '
and wife. Inquire R. G. WILKE, J6V4 Kearny. j
A— RESTAURANT, coffee and chop house; fine 1
location; receipts $T>0; must sell; cause, death. :
COWING & CO.. 713 Market Bt.
A— RESTAURANT, coffee and chop house; fine
location; receipts $50: must sell; cause, death.
COWING & CO.. V19 Market et.
A — GP.OCERT and bar; beat corner location;
cauFe, fj..ath. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— RESTAURANT: best location; bargain this
day. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st. i
A— SALOON; heart of city; money maker. I
COWING. 71S Market rt. j
J£-00— CANDY rtnre on Market et.. clearing $150
to $175 a month: unusually good chance; slck-
Pf compels sale. LANE & CO., S65 Market.
125^- -DELICACY, canned goods, bread, milk
etc.: ims. with furn.; nice stock; nlckness
compel* 1 Rale; bargain. Lane &. Co., S65 Market.
1490- RESTAURANT; great bargain; immediate
departure cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN &
CO., 777»* Market st.
Jir«— PARTNER wanted Hi chicken ranch;
Fteadv tnaa required. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777ts Market rt.
A— WANTED- A good tenant for grand cor-
ner *toi« and basement with fixtures suit-
able for grocery business; special Induce-
ments. Apply SPECK & CO., 667 Market.
•M50—FRHNCH laundry, with all tools neces-
eary ; doing fine business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
Ton rent- In a good location, a blacksmith
fhep, <3we!!lng, barn, etc.; tools and «ock for
tale; business Ion* established; party must
be nober and reliable. Apply Call office.
BOADHOI'EE, excellent location, with 28 acres
orchard and modern Improvements, for sale
cheap. Address box S353, Call office.
AT a bcrra»n— Hay. grain, wood and coal yard.
?130 Sacramento St., near Lyon.
FOR Kale— First-class saloon; central; complete
ftock. Box 3952, Call office.
"FOR eale — A first-class hotel containing 40
rooms, furnished throughout; in running
order; been open 10 years; on principal street;
the leading hotel; bar attached: at one of the
prorr.inent summer resorts, within % hours*
ride from Kan Francisco. Address for full par-
ticulars box 29S8. Call office. .
TO physicians— Good property and practice In
Ca). r&'.Iroad town; $3000: no other ph/slclan.
Apply or call MISS TURNER. Seamen's
Home. cor. Main sjid Harrison sts.'. S. F.
WORKING partner wanted In plgeon-ralslng'
bus. 30 Hanna ft.. Oakland, Bee-st. station.
COFFEE ealoon and restaurant for sale; price
'>•'¦'¦•, daily receipts from $56 to $60; good pay-
ing; I have other business to attend; call at
the place. 410 Kearny et-
A-PLAY THE RACES—
T) to m per cent profit monthly on our new
fVM-m: call and investigate. N. & HAND &
*~X*.. expert handicappers. «uit 12. 24 Kearny.
J.2S(*-PaRTNER wanted In meat market; need
not have any experience. Call at 485 Fourth.
CORNER grocery and bar; well stocked; 4
living rooms; rent. $25. ¦¦ Apply at Call Office.
$30 WINS $300 per month at races; references
given, inlormat ion Lyons, $21 ' Market, r. 1.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges : references. President Jordan or I any
Stanford professor. .'Phelan building. :.-• - '
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to it by written ¦ contract,
and can therefore .with confidence guarantee
positions to ajl its graduates. 305 Larkln et.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ATTENTION! — Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st. r- :
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech.," sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. : est. ; 1864. .
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
PIANO, hist, of music; Fr. and Gr. MME.
PRILL, Y. M. C. A. bldg., Sth floor. :,
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Mont' y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
B. J. APPLEBY, banjo, . mandolin and guitar.
408C McAllister st,; phone Folsom 2071.;./'-!
TEACHERS* Agcy. A'.McNelll.Mgr..r. 81. Flood
lildpr. ; high school, grammar, private teachers. |
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S ' DAT and
« ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mlixion, nr. 6tn.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st; near* Powell; telephone . Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng; co. ; est.
1S70; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero ; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD A.
JAPANESE and Chinese, employment office;
best help. B26 O'Farrell st : tel. Hyde 2181,
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone Jamea 2901.
RELIABLE* Japanese-Chinese employment of-
floe: all kinds help.- 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Emplyoment Office— Japanese, ChJ-
nese help.426 Powell.nr. Sutter: tel.Black 8071
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 488. '.
EMPLOY3IEXT WAXTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman « wishes situation;
housekeeper, take caxe Invalid, plain cooking.
144 Silver St., near Fourth.
A YOUNG married woman would like a posi-
tion as housekeeper or to : do chamber work.
Call at 262 Seventh St.
A RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wishes
a position to do general housework; reference.
647 Minna st. .
TOU^fG lady would. like a poeltlon as a lady's
maid or to do second work; no employment
agency need apply. Box 8959, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position; good
cock, cr will do any other work. 8 Gough
St., near Market.
COLORED woman wishes a place to do light
housework In family. Box 3957. Call.
WOMAN wishes position as working house-
keeper: city or country. 38 Turk st.
RESPECTABLE widow with lHtle girt desires
position as housekeeper: first-class cook and
laundress; no triflers. Address MRS. I. V. C,
Vacavllle P. O.. Solano County,: Cal.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper 'wishes full
charge of rooming-house; first-class refer-
ence. Address box 8903. Call office. '
TWO Scandinavian girls wish positions as
chambermaids or general housework. Ad-
dress 409 Minna st. .
NURSE girl wishes position to take care of
children. 11S0 Mission st. ,
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 SO to $6
week; convenient and respectable : free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10SS
Valencia st. , . . -
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— MALE.
WANTED, by sober, I middle-aged , man, - a sit-
uation about private place; care of horse, cow
and garden; good home looked for rather than
high wages. Box 8956, Call. •
¦ YOUNG man wishes ' outside salaried position
for reliable firm; wide business acquaintance
In city; reference and bond; no triflers. Box
3949. Call office. <
COOK wants work; a Rood cook, hotel, restau-
rant or family; can do housework, gardening,
etc.; reliable man. Address Cook. 318 Minna.
POSITION as cashier by young man of ex-
perience;, restaurant preferred; can keep
books. Box 3950. Call office.
I WOULD like situation in private family as
hostler; understand the care of < horses and
can milk. Box 3943. Call office.
BARKEEPER; sober ycung married man seek-
ing steady position; German; 25. B." BIER-
BAUM, S31 Harrison st.
GOOD sober cook In small ' hotel' or boarding-
house; city or country- Box 3997,- Call.
BARBER, experienced, union man, wants po-
sition evenings. Saturday and Sunday. Box
,2940. Call office.
WANTED — By middle-aged American man
with references, situation in pri\ - ate family
as butler; good home with modest wages de-
Blred. Box 8944, Call office.
ASSAYER several years' experience, has own
outfit, wishes position with mining company;
best of references. Box 3943. office.
"POSITION wanted by experienced valet; club
or private gentleman; reference. Box 3999,
Call office.
: YOUNG man (German) would like position as
bartender; .city or country; good references.
Addrees G. M., 1104 Larkln st. -
MAN of 30. with 8om-; experience in j cablnet-
; making and mlllwork, wants any' kind of
work; shop or factory preferred. Box 3905,
Call office. .. . '
STEADY, reliable young man would like ¦ Job
of driving a delivery or small milk route in
, country town; wages reasonable. - Address
room 21. 409% Twelfth st, Oakland.
. EXPERIENCED young man desires a position
as assistant engineer or fireman, in mines
i preferred. | Box 769. Call office.
EXPERIENCED office man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other office work;
; security given if wanted. A. B. box 722. Call.
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
• A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
! nibscrlptlons . has been - established at ; . 1096
Valencia «t. . . \ -
\ ' /¦' FLATS TO LET. r
i ' ~~~~- — ; — u — : — ; ..:,; — .,: ;
A SUNNY flat partly furnished; 5 rooms, 5
closets, bath and gas; reason. 223 Valencia st.
- FEW steps - from City Hall ; fine . flat, 5 rooms
« and bath. 10 Grove st.
'. HARRISON. 1122B— 6- room flat; modern im-
3 provements; must be seen to be appreciated.
', IF you want to move get printed list fiats to let
. ,. from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
1 JACKSON, 2319, near Flllmore— Modern ; sun-
\ ny 6-room flat: bath, etc. ; rent ' reasonable.
MODERN 4 rooms and bath ; yard and cellar.
j 312 Waller St.. near Flllmore. . " ..' . •.-
? $7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor St., oft Bryant, bet
' ¦' 7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
t FURNITURE FOR S ALB. V
* 4 ROOMS furnished In oak ; $48 40. with No. 7
- range. , King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FLAT for sale cheap. , Inquire \ at i 833 Geary
- St.. between 10 and 12 a. m. ¦ ' , -.
FURNITURE WANTED. ,
CHAS. I LEVY buys * your furniture, carpets,
5 pianos, etc 1135 Market . st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
. TO receive highest- value for fum.i carpets, etc.,
- . see W. E. CODY. 757* Mission, tel. Red 33S».?
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St. .' pays highest
s price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
- Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 691.
Z . furniture & furn'd: houses bought: spot cash.'
~- HELP WAKTBD— FEMALE.
1 COLLINS, DECKER & WILLIAMS, 643 Clay".? :
.- • Cashier and bookkeeper. .$25 ' to . $30 and . board
- Waitresses in ¦ hotel v and : family^: boarding-
~ house .". :..... ".$20 'and -found
COOK, , Institution, $30; cook; private family,
= $30. MRS. >NORTON, 313 Sutter :st.'
WANTED— For small family, of 2,' middle-aged
v German or , Scandinavian woman. , Apply ..
¦* Golden : court, 'off Sacramento st,. between
Jones and Leavenworth. . , "
;. GIRLS i wanted • to i wrap packages . . and . pack
~ candles at^ TOWNSEND'S.' 639 < Market st_,
_ . Palace Hotel. j>- .- v ' ¦. „.-•>' •¦.-.-
~ WANTED— Youngi girl, for light housework for
( j two; no washing. ' 2710 Pine st." ¦ '¦, .';.'-;' . ».
; - WANTED— Young girl ¦¦' to *. assist '-' In 1 general
"; . .:. housework; - 3 ; in i family. .- 1425 - O'F*rrell : st. v '
• A NEAT, competent ; girl -for general house-
[" ,; work; small family.- , 2634' Howard ¦ st. .V " ~ y ;¦ ,
y A" GIRL for general housework; references. 1418
s. Larkln st. '• -,"¦ ¦ .r:\.-~- : : " ..¦ V-~ •¦¦¦¦£¦ . :." ' ' '" i .
~- FIRST-CLASS vestmakers. . Apply,: 1110 1 Market
: stand 201 Montgomen'.st . -.- ' . '_"' ;Foresters of America.
Last Tuesday^nlgbt Grand ..Sub-Chief
Mips Tlcoulet 'instituted another new
circle, this time fn San Jose,, with a good
membership that gave evidence of great
fraternal enthuslasm.^ggOBUStBS^UHl
- The multiplication table has no legs, but
it gets there just the same.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Unity Lodge has entered the rank of
active) lodges and is initiating candidates
at every meeting.
Franklin Lodge, even. Is waking up to
work. It had one candidate to initiate at
its m«eting last Friday night., .
The extension committee has arranged
to visit lodges as follows, and extends an
Invitation to all members of the order In
this city to attend on the occasion of
these visits: December 17. to Memorial
Lodge; 20th. to St. John's Lodge, and 28th.
to Crocker Lodge. The committee will
hold its last -meeting of the year on tho
evening of Saturday next.
During the past week the San Francisco
extension committee visited Palrmount,
Noe Valley. Bay View and Myrtle lodges
and aroused a great deal of enthusiasm
in the membership of each of the subordi
nates.
Last Tuesday night there was a lanse
gathering of the members of the Alameda
County lodges In Masonic Hall, Oakland,
on the occasion of the presentation. of an
elaborate souvenir to California Lodge
JCo. 1. the mother lodge in this State, on
the anniversary of the twenty-fifth year
of its institution. The presentation was
by Grand Master Snook and the.accept
ance by Past Master Nolan in behalf of
the lodge. Then followed speeches by W.
H Barnes. P.O. M. W.. Grand Recorder
Epencer, Grand. Receiver Booth and oth
ers. The souvenir is of solid metal In the
shape of a shield, in which, there is a sil
ver scroll, with the sentiments of- 1 those
contributing to the mother lodge, the whole
being encased In an ornamental . antique
oak frame, making a handsome and en*
during memento. The metal work . wa3
by Past Master F. J. Johnson ot Occi
dental Lodge and woodwork by Past
Master William Cogan of Oak Leaf
Lodge. , ,
Last Friday Pacific Lodge entertained
its friends In Chapman Hall . in' Oakland
with an admirable musical and liteiaxy
programme and then a dance. .
GRAND HOTEL.
LJ Warner, Auburn *
L Hellbron.. Sacto
Mrs M Stewart, Seattle
B J Gladstone, Cayucos
H W BalL Sacramento
A F Eaton, San Jose
O W Van Havenbergh,
¦ Ban Jose ¦'-¦¦* '
T Lee, N Y
R Elliott, Cal '
W- Young,'- Lakeport
J J McSorley. Calaver
M A Nurse, Sacto „-/
W J Plump, Redwood"
J Berryman, Cal .
J F Brown R Vista
Dr H Reamer & w,' Pa
L V Schmidt, Olympla
W O Porter & w.Tao
P E Powell '&.w. Or
Dr J H Moore. Alaska
F F Clark. Alaska
6 F Bather & w. Seat
F C Parker, NY *
AW Maltby &w, N H
D B Keyser, Naoa
J T, Walsh, Vallejo .
lileanor La Salle, N Y
J E . Koeberle, L Ang
L G Radulovlch & w,
San Joso. .::¦.:
G' Condon, ' Mariposa
vv J Mead, Los Ang
A N Sanford & ¦ w H I
A. Bell, Los Angeles
J Ralrd & w, L Ane
Miss Si Emery. S Diego
L< Thorn & w. Wabash
WD Owen. Chicago
0 Y Woodward & fy,
JN'oodward Island
ITE Higgtns, Cal
W F: Parker. Los Ang,
A P Half hill, Los An*
J ,F Push & w, Tenn
A C Risedale. P Grove"
RH Collier. San Jose
AM Allen. Monterey
K W Clark. Los Ang
F Inness, Del Monte
G W Pierce, Doris
Mrs Clausen, Salinas
A J •" Larson. Lodl
P E Edwards & w, Cal
1 Davis. NY
T .> aark, Placervllle
F Tyman. Sacto
M H Coffln, Boise "i 1 "
VL C Chopin & w. S Lak
O E Henry & w, S Lak
Miss J-E.Wler, Reno
HW Walker, Willows
CM Finch, St Louis
H W Vance. Marlposa
PALACE HOTEL
C,P Pratt. Omaha.
J Sawyer, New York
B U Stelnmarv Sacto
Mrs Steinman, Sacto
P Porrier. ; Ctolusa .
Mxs Porrier. Colusa
V M Vickery. N Y ' .¦•¦¦";
WE Grattan. NY'
B F Howe. .Los Ang. .
K'JLawton, Los Ang
D O Castle. • Stockton ;
I Ullman, New York
fV Dean, Palo Alto -
\tf L Demlngr, Or
AM Aldrich. Mont "
J C McClure. Victoria
B B' Bryan, Chicago .
SS Wise. Portland - .
Mrs Wise, Portland '
TjiFiold. Monterey '
,\V-A Junker. --Del Mont
A F Robinson. Topeka
R B Burns, Los Ang '
G B Cash.'Lo* Ang- *
W L Stewart, S Paula
M T Hancock. La
Mrs Hancock. La ~ ¦ i •"
Mrs F L Smith. L Ang
PAiHlhn, Santa Cruz I
J W Knox. Merced .
L Helm. Los Angles
F J Slttelle. El Paao
A B Conn. Podunk
S Hecht. Lo« Ancelea
B Fresleben, Ohio -
WH Hanson. Redwfl
Mrs Hanson, Redwood
W J Trask/Los Ang
A L D«n, S Barbara
Mrs Den. S Barbara.
G w Eaton. LooAng
H T Gilbert, La- "
F Q Boyle, Pa '
C G L&tbrop. Stanford
Mrs Lathrop, Stanford
C D Bell. Oregon
w D Schultz.Ohlo
Mrs Schultz. Ohio > '
F H Short. Fresno
Mrs P Evans. B C
L Zm Roeenthal, Chgo
F H Yost, Stanford
F L» Smith, Denver
G Pearco.s Cripple Crk
D C Williams. --. Crip Cr
S Ritchie. . Mass \ - •
Mra • Ritchie. Mass ¦
O Grarom. Lantmid -
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
,J Shields.' Fresno :
G W; Quirk. « Iowa *-'-' s - j
C. Cooper, Portland
T .York, Templeton r F v .
\\' McCue, ; Sacramento
S: Harvey,- Mare 1 Island
ETGleaeke,*- Tracy f-T-''*-,
J H Dyas. Philadelphia
i Gysen, Reno. .
C B Kendrlck, Mojave
FA' Harrison/ Cal
J ,W Howe." Bear .Val
P MclntoBh.-Bear-Val
W Church & w. Fresno
G Brown/ Fresnc* ¦
JGombeau,' San Jose
C O ' Borwelt Jr." ¦ Pa : '
S;W Alble, Seattle '
G Butheralnd & w, ¦ Cal
J : Fitzgerald, Butte Co
A McChesney, 1 ; Qgden ¦
W Danvers, Nev City
J McAv^y, ;Tuba City "
M Featherly " Marysv
A' Bowman; Presidio .
J Towns, Presidio ¦
M ¦ Rademaker, ! Mont •
J . Nlckey, Mont -
D Boots, Portland ' j
S Gustem," Eureka
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John and Meta W. Stelmke to Johann F. and
Pledricft J. Stelmke, lot on SE corner of Union
and Ootavla streets, E 33 by S 110; $3000.
Alois and Mary Oettlto same, lot on S line
of Union street, 33 E of Octavla, E 25 by S
110; $2000.
Lizzie and Harry Durot to Thomas B. Good
man, lot on S line of Hayes street, -27:6 E of
Laguna, E 27:6 by S 1M; also all Interest In
estate of George Goodman, deceased, No. 0S08,
S. F.; $20CO.
Helen Kuhl (Coleman), Hang O. Kuhl, George
Mjxer and M. Furth (by Charles Dixon, com
missioner) to Pacific Loan : Association, lot on
N Una of Halgrht street. 137:6 W of Broderick.
W 27 :« by N 137:6; J571S.
Mary C. Braynard to Joseph F. A. and Mary
da Cunha, lot on 8 line of McAllister street,
131:3 -W of Lyon, W 25 by S 137:6; $4450.
Hermann Hashagen to Patrick and Anthony
O'Donnell, lot on E line of Folsom street, 105
S of Sixteenth. S 60 by E 101; $6000.
H. 1). ISawrie and A. J. Carmany to Eliz
abeth OIUeEple (wife of William GiUespie). lot
on S line of Nineteenth street, 75:6 W of How
ard, W 47 by S 66, quitclaim deed; $1000.
Emma, F. Lint (wife of C. C. Lint), Fred
erlcke Krueger (wife of George P. Krueger)
and Charles A. Rlese to same, same; {2000.
Emma F. Lint (guardian of the estate of
Paul E. Riese, minor) to same, all Interest In
same; {731.
Michael and Carlotta Bablno to Joseph Equl,
lot on SW. corner of Hampshire and Twenty
fourth streets. W 40 by S 100; 13000.
F. H. and Minna Martens to the Roman
Catholic Archbishop of Ban Francisco (religious
corporation sole), lot on W line of Diamond
street, 149 S of Eighteenth, S 24:8 by W 125;
J1000. '
John M. . Colier to «ame, lot on W line of
Diamond street, 75 8 of Eighteenth, W 125 by
S 74; $3500. ¦ .
W. S. Snook to A. N. Drown and George L.
Underhlll (executors of the estate of Louisa 8.
Devoe), lot on 6 line of Washington street, 97:6
W of Montgomery, W 20 by S 46; $5.
Estate of Louisa S. Devoe (by A: N. Drown
and George L. Underhlll. executors) to William
McCormaek, same; $6000.
George B, Keane to George B. Keane Com
pany (corporation), lot on E line of Dupont
street, 100 N of Washington, B 90 by N 29; also
lot on W line of Dupont street, 125:6 S of Jack
sen. S '12 by W 100; also lot on W Una of Du
pont street, 104:6 S of Jackson, S 21 by W 100;
also lot on E line of Dupont street, 129 N of
Washington, X 29 by E 90; also lot on S line
of Green street, 192:6 W of Stockton, W 27:6
by S 130; $20,000.
Martin and Maren K. Nielsen to Julius Mil
ler, lot on NW line of Natoma street. 200 SW
of Sixth. SW 25 by NW 75; $4000.
Maud A. and Harold Glrvm to Charles B.
Wilson, lot on SE corner of Lake (Sacramento)
street" and Twenty-fourth avenue, E 57:6 by S
100; $2000.
John J. and Anna E. Muller to H. W. Wal
ter, rerecord 1836. D 80, lot on S line of Califor
nia street, 26:6 B of Seventeenth avenue, D
2C:8 by S 96:1; $500. - . .
H. W. and May G. Walter to Arthur L.
White, same; $300. ¦.
George W. Robinson to Morton W. Howard,
lot on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue. 150 S
of T 6treet. S 50 by E 120; also lot on E line
of Thirty-eighth avenue. 250 S of T street. S
100 by E 120; also lot on NW corner of Thirty-
Feventh avenue and U street, W 82:6 by N 100;
also lot on N line of U street, 57:6 W of Thirty
seventh avenue, W B0 by N 100; $500.
Alameda County.
Robert J. McMullen to Charles E. Clausen;
lot on N line of Prince street, 183:4 W of
Calais, W 83:4 'by N 135, portion lota 4 and 6,
block J, Harmon Tract, subject to a mortgage
for J1075, Berkeley: $10. :
Mnrtha K. Rollins (widow) to Richard W.
Merrick, lots 85 and 36 on map of Hogan's re
pubdlvision of lots 22. ' 23 u and 24, Kln^sland
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $500.
TheEqulty Building and Loan Association to
Louisa Comstock (widow), lot on S • line- of
Charter avenue, 609:3 E of San Pablo avenue,
E 35 by S 129:4H. portion lot 16, Tuttle Home
stead Tract, Oakland; $2000.
Same to same, lot on SW corner of Evoy ave
nue and Grove street. -W 60 by S 100. Oakland;
Melvlna 8. Stevens (widow) to Daisy 8. Car
lisle (daughter), lot on N. line of Eighth street.
100 W of Grove. W 60 by N 100. being lots 14
and 25. block 93. Kellersberger's Map. Oak-
a Frances R. Birdsall to Mary A. Corbett (wife.
of Michael), lot onW line of Spaulding street.
201.52 S of Addison. 8 69 by W 129.25, block i.
Spauldlng Tract. Berkeley; $10. .
Builders' Contracts.
Emlle Ursin (owner) with W. R. Kenney
(contractor), architects Rousseau- & Son— All
work for a frame building containing three
flats • on N lino of Fourteenth " street, 125 E ' of
Folsym, E 25, N- 114.255, W S 116.513, M.
B 18; $3912 50. -
Mrs. Lena Fauser (owner) with W. B. Grant
(contractor), architect .—AH work except
mantels and shades for a three-story frame
building (flats) commencing 146 N of Fourteenth
street on AY line of Woodwards avenue, W 65
by N 25; $4540. - " . ;
Florence A. and W. H. Demlng (owners) with
W. L.. -. Holman (contractor), architect Henry
A '¦ Schulze^ — Complete Installation of one direct
electric passenger elevator , In a. »lx-story and
basement brick building on N. line of . Turk
street. 206:3 W. of Mason, W 34:4V4 by N 137:«:
12539. ¦¦¦¦¦--¦:¦¦ - '¦ ..¦¦¦¦••
The Odd Fellows.
Potter Lodge of Oakland on the night of
the 6th Inst., at the meeting In its hall, at
Eleventh and Franklin streets, had work
in the initiatory degree, and exhibited for
the first time its most gorgeous outfit,
which It recently received for the purpose
of conferring the several degrees. It is
about the finest owned by any lodge in the
Jurisdiction.
Fidelity^ Lodge last week gave the
last of its monthly entertainments un
der the present noble grand, W. B.
Curtis, and his corps of officers. It
was_well attended and the programme
pre'sented was the most excellent one that
has ever pleased an audience In this lodge.
It included an overture by Miss Lillian
Spink. violin; Miss Alice Splnk, piano;
James E. Spink, clarionet; Arthur Spink,
trombone, and J. Kraeger, cornet. Vocal
6olos by Miss E. Thierbach. George
Cheney, William Dunsworth, L. E. Be
banand Fred Jones; Instrumental selec- j
tions, Miss Alma Warmholz, Miss Lillian <
Splnk, the Misses Bahr. Miss Samilita
Strauss and J. Kraeger; specialties, \V .
W. Brackett, M. Lambert and W. W.
The members of Canton San Francisco '
last week enjoyed a banquet In commemo
ration of the recent visit to Redding dur
ing the grand encampment. A first-class
(supper was disposed of, after which Cap
tain Kronbeck, commanding the canton,
introduced Major Clifford as. .the toast
master. In response to calls there were
appropriate remarks by • Generals E. H.
Black and J. F. Crosett. Colonels J. W.
Harris and W. S. Potter, Captains Jack
Thompson, John A. Foster, C, H. Kron
beck and Andrew Duncan, Lieutenant C.
L. Zeigler, F. L. Turpin and the toast
master. Robert \V. Jones entertained with
vocal selections and Gecjrge H. Fanner
rendered a number of instrumental selec
tions. It was a very pleasant gathering,
calculated ! to more strongly cement the
friendship among all who were present.
Last Monday night W. T. Galloway,
past grand patriarch, who will soon leave
for New York to take up his permanent
residence there, was tendered a farewell
reception by the Veterans' Association, of
which he was the vice president, and In
this the Veterans were Joined by Cali
fornia Lodge and Oriental Encampment, in
which he holds membership. This was in
the Memorial Hall of the Odd Fellows'
building, which was crowded to Its utmost
by members of .the three bodies and
prominent members of the order.: Presi
dent F. A. Week of the Veteran3, on be
half of that organization; L.L. Alex
ander, the ranking past grand patriarch,
on behalf of California Lodge, and Grand
Scribe Barnes, on behalf of the encamp
ment; addressed the guest of the evening,
and at the close of the last speaker's re
marks Mr. Galloway was handed a souve
nir from the encampment in the shape of
an engrossed set of resolutions. General
E. H. Black read an original poem in
which he Introduced all the names of
past grand masters and, Grand Secretary
Shaw also read an original poem in which
he introduced the names of all past grand
patriarchs. Then followed a banquet and
remarks by a number of those present. It
was one of the happiest and most pleasant
meetings that has been held in that build
ing for years. .-¦ ' > - .' '
Unity l*odge was visited by Grand Mas
ter Watson last weekand a very pleasant
and profitable evening was spent. :
The theatrical - entertainment at the
Tivoll in aid of the relief committee's
friendship fund last Wednesday night
will, it is expected, . realize about. $1000.
"If you will bring some matches, Golden
West will' do the rest," was what ap
peared on invitations issued by Golden
west Lodge to its friends to attend a
smoker last Thursday night. Many, did
as they were bid, and the lodge was taxed
to furnish the smoking material, but It
did it. # In addition to smoke and . hot
air there was an excellent programme of
entertainment,- which kept the .smokers
together till midnight - -
. / The Rebekahs.
I TVin ctilnrtalnmcnliBnii rtanro tii Vn» rn-l,.««
I -.The entertainment" and dance to be. given
i by Jubilee Lodge will be on the! night 'of
the 18th inst. in the Assembly. Hall of the
Odd Fellows' building; instead of the 11th
as previously announced. " ' ¦ • . .-;•;
Lost' week" Oriental Rebekah Lodge
celebrated- the fifteenth anniversary of
its institution _ by an informal at
home in its lodge rooms, when there was
a programme of .songs and -¦ recitations,
after which there was an adjournment? to
the lower banquet hall, where covers were
set for 200. . Mrs. Allie- Parker,- the;noble
grand, 1 presided and -made a felicitous ad
dress, .There- were among, those ( present
Grand Master .Watson, Past Grand iMas
ter^Barnes,; Mrs. , Mary . E. . Donoho, \ secre-
Matters of JQterest to the
Members of Fraternal
- Organizations. .
FROM THE LODGE
ROOMS OF SOCIETIES
We do not say that the extent of the execu
trix's accountability and liability for the prop
erty In her official capacity fixes the question
of Its beir.fc liable to taxation. "While she has
not the possession. Fhe yet has a control in bo
far that she may pay for the lien and would
then be entitled to possession and absolute con
trol. • • • Certainly the property belongs to
the estate and the executrix having taken it
up in her Inventory la charged with a duty to
protect and care for it. • • • But at most
the circumstances alone of her acting- In a
representative capacity can have but little
bearing uj»on the question as to the Eltus of
jthe property; that situs Is In California, as
we shall eee under the general rule laid down
In this State, unless for gome reason lt_ can
be excepted therefrom. In other words it seems
to us that the case stands as If the testator
¦were alive arid the property -' had been taxed
to him. Plaintiff represents him for purposes
of taxation while representing his estate as
executrix of his wilL I
The action of the Superior Court in the
suit filed by Mrs. Jane L. Stanford against
the city and county of San Francisco to
recover taxes, s paid' under protest,* upon
certain stocks and bonds situated In New
York city, in sustaining the domurrer. to
the complaint, was yesterday affirmed by
the Supreme Court. The decision la an in
teresting one as it decides an Important
question of law. ¦¦¦' •
It appeared from the plaintiffs, com
plaint that at his death Senator Stanford
was the owner of , a large number ,; of
stocks and shares and certain- bonds- of
foreign corporations, all of which, except
certain described shares of stocks, were,
on and prior to the first Monday in March,
1<*4, in the State of New York, pledged as
collateral security for the payment or a
loan and were therefore never In the pos
session of the executrix. Before the as
sessment in question, Mrs. Stanford made
a formal statement in writing to the As
sessor that the property assessed by him
had not been In her possession since
the first Monday in March 1894.
Mrs. Stanford appeared before the
Board of Equalization " and i made
application to strike out the assessment.
Bhe fully set forth the facts in the mat
ter. She contended that bo far as the exe
cutrix was concerned these stocks ami
bonds were held outside of this Stato and
were never in her possession or control,
and therefore not taxable here; thar. un
der sections 1C13 and 1615 of the Code of
Civil Procedure the executrix was charge
able only with such property as might
come into her possession and was not re
sponsible for what she could not collect.
Mrs. Stanford's counsel in his brief ¦ on
appeal stated that upon her appointment
as executrix she filed an inventory
and appraisement and as was her duty
included therein a list of the stocks and
bonds In question, which she had been in
formed were in New York city and there
fore could not be taxed here:
In Its decision the Supreme Court says:
Decision Declares Stocks Are Taxable
in the State Where Ownership -
Lies Even Though They
Are Elsewhere. :
Supreme- Court Holds That
Assessor Has a Right
to Demand Money.
MRS. STANFORD
CANNOT RECOVER
CERTAIN TAXES
Island Merchants Threaten to Take
Their Patronage Elsewhere if
Transportation Facilities '
Are Not Improved.
-, • . ¦ . — ; . » ... . .
San Francisco merchants will try to
obtain direct, steamship communication
between this port and Manila. The San
Francisco Board , of Trade has /petitioned
the Pacific Mall Steamship Company to
run their vessels to Manila. As an alter
native it has been suggested 'that a line
of steamships to connect at Hongkong
with the Pacific Mail and to carry Philip
pine The* present arrangement is
unsatisfactory to the merchants at Mani
la, who do; business with San Francisco.
Goods in transit, which have been stored
in Hongkong, have been broken into while
in the storehouses. The Manila merchants,
subjected to delay and loss for which
there has been no redress, have written
letters to San' Francisco, threatening to
do business solely with places : connected
by direct | lines to Manila. '
New York does business directly with
the Philippines and is noturally & formid
able competitor; with San Francisco for
business. Tacoma is also . to have - direct
communication with Manila, beginning
next month. The Northern Pacific Rail
road has chartered the steamer Glenfarg,
which will sail from Tacoma for Manila
January 17 and will be followed by. other
vessels. v . . ¦
Goods from San , Francisco for Manila
have been laid down for two trirjs at
Hongkong. They have been carried to Ma
nila Dy a. line independent of the 'Pacific
Mail. From this condition of affairs has
arisen much trouble. When goods have
been missed from packages the two lines
have passed the buck, each claiming that
the other was responsible. ¦ So warm have
the Manila merchants become that they
have boycotted one steamer line between
the Philippines and Hongkong.
, The communication of the' San Francis
co Board of Trade has not been answered
by the Pacific Mail, but assurance has
been received that it has been taken un
der consideration.
Asks Pacific Mail to Help
> Retain Business of
a Philippines^
BOARD OF TRADE
DESIRES DIRECT
LINE TO MANILA
The bay councils of the Junior Order of
United American Mechanics have secured
the services of H. * A. : Slaughter of St.
Louis) Mo., one of the national organ
izers, for the purpose of extending the or-'
der In that portion of the California juris
diction. He has been acting for some
time for U. 8. Grant Council and will
work for Abraham Lincoln Council as
soon as ha concludes his engagement with
George A. Custer Council.
Th« Junior Order.
California Council has again made Itself
conspicuous by the entertainment it gave
last Wednesday in -the Shlels building,
this time because of the mock marriage
which took place on that evening. The
dainty five-foot groom and the towering
six-foot bride, who had "exchanged 6ex"
in order to make the thing Interesting,
presented a. striking appearance while
submissively receiving the congratulations
and well wishes of the many interested
friends who had gathered 'there to wit
ness the ceremony, t Those who figured
prcmlnently in the affair were: Theodore
Nolte and Mrs. Carrie Ewlng, the bridal
pair; Mrs. Jennie Adams, bridesmaid:
George Little, best man; little Ethel
Heath; ringbearer, and Charles T. Quirey,
parson. Besides the wedding an excellent
programme was - rendered , including the
Bketch, "The Gossips," by Misses Nettie
McCullough, Carrie Sproul, Dnisy Schmidt
and Alice Lohmeyer, after which- dancing
was kept up until a late hour.
Recently Miss Laura. Cantus of Califor
nia Council and Its secretary was pre
sented by the council a beautiful gold,
diamond-studded watch, In recognition of
her earnest efforts for and loyalty to the
order. > '¦¦>-''*:.'
Daughters of Liberty.
Noble Grand Arch Henry Lange, : who is
proving a most active member of the or
der and not neglecting an opportunity to
extend the work of the organization In
this jurisdiction, on last Monday, in the
company of Grand Secretary Graves, paid
an official visit to Jackson Grove. They
were greeted by a large attendance of the
members and witnessed the initiation of
two candidates. This grove, but two
years old, now numbers 127 members. Not
bad for an interior grove. 3
Loleta Grove, recently Instituted by
Grand Marshal Guglielmonl, at Its last
held meeting conferred the initiatory de
gree on six strangers, the work being by
the new omeers— C. G. Phlnney, .N. A.; F.
H. Betech, V. A.; C. H. Whltten, S.: A.
Bravo, T.;'E. Cassell, C; S. Mazzini, I.
G.; C. Griffin, O. G., and P. A. Colt, D. D.
N. G. A.
Since the first of last November - Volta
Grove has Initiated twelve strangers. It
received three applications at its last held
meeting. „ ¦
Grand Secretary Graves has been In
vited by Salinas Grove to visit It for the
purpose of conferring the degrees in the
amplified form on a large class of candi
dates. ,
The semi-annual reports -being received
at this time Ehow that during the last six
months there has been an unusual degree
of activity in the order. If the same is
continued for the next six months Noble
Grand Arch Lange will surpass the ex
traordinary record of James F. Martinoni,
his predecessor.
Hartnagle Chapter at its meeting last
Friday night had twenty candidates to re
ceive .the degree of that branch of the
order. .
Last week Manzanita Grove s officers
conferred the second and third degrees on
a large class of candidates, the work be
ing done in ah admirable manner.-
The Druids.
tary of the ¦California "Assembly; -George
T. Shaw, grand secretary of the > Grand
Lodge ; District * Deputy Mrs. - Eola M. Cy
rus and staff, the : noble grand and vice
grand of each of the local Rebekah lodges
and ' the \ members', of the'- San Francisco
Drill Corps. There were speeches by 'many
of the~distlngrulshed visitors and all in all
It was one of the most pleasant: evenings
spent under, the auspices, of this vfery ac
tive lodge. Asa souvenir of the occasion
Mrs.- George T. Shaw, P. -N. ¦ G., presented
to each guest a fine cut-glass goblet, hav
ing engraved on it the number of the.
lodge and the date of Institution. ¦ This
lodge will \ give an entertainment - and
dance In Prospect Hall on the -19th inst.
Last Wednesday night ' Mission Ttebekah
Lodge gave an entertainment and dance
In Mlsalon Opera Hall that drew to the
place a very large number of the lady and
gentlemen friends of the membership.
There was a most . entertaining pro
gramme of vaudeville selections rendered
byn Bert Mlnner, May Sullivan, Elvira
He ibbe, Samuel Adelsteln, Miss Mollio
Pratt, Baby Schulter. -M.; J. ; Kean, Miss
Mabel Pf eiffer and Master Charles Pra
cey; also a farce, "A Tipsy Pudding," by
Mrs. Llllie B. Holcomb, Miss Urquhart,
Miss P. Burkhardt, Miss E. Stoddard,
Mrs; M. Trimble, Mrs.: E. Fleming and
Miss A. Urquhardt. -But the feature was
"the wedding."' F. D.- Hurst; a.two hun
dred pound six footer.: wag the "bride"
and C.'s N. Johnson, a four- foot five
blonde, was the groom, Miss Rodgers the
bridesmaid and Dr. Colburn the best. man.
The bridal party was led by Miss Mabel
Pfelffer and Master Charles Pracey. The
costumes were handsome and all had the
appearance of a genuine ceremony. Dr.
J. Frost, who acted as parson, asked for
the license, when he was handed a
permit to carry a concealed weapon. Tho
whole affair was amusing in the extreme
and like the numbers on -the programme
was well received and -loudly applauded.
Then followed the dance, in - which the
"bride" and "groom" took an active part.
The affair ; was managed: by Mrs. .Willis
ton, Mra. Watson, Mrs. : Duncan. Mrs.
Jackson. Mrs. Holcomb, Miss Burkhardt,
Mrs. ¦ Urquhardt and Dr. Colburn. Dr.
Ashworth, Dr. Muchmore and F. D.
Hurst were floor managers.
The visit of Mrs. Caroline A. Hoxett to
Templar Rebekah Lodge was one | of the
grandest affairs in the Rebekah line that
has : taken place In this city for many
yearg. The hall in which the meeting
was held was turned into a miniature for-,
est with great 4 boughs of evergreens.'
There were present a great ¦ many, prom
inent members of the order, including
three past presidents of the assembly,
Mrs. Mary T. Lyon, the senior past pres
ident. Mrs. M. A. Hawley and Mrs. G. K.
Moreland. After the initiation of two
candidates, the work of -the -noble grand,
Mrs. Hopkins, being highly praised, there
was a banquet that was thoroughly en
joyed by all.
THE SAN; FKMClSCO-iCALL, FRIDAY^DECEMBEK 21, 19OO.
13
IODTHRBH rAViriV IO3IPAHT.
(PAOino iinn.)
train* !•«»• »¦«! «•«•• «•«•• »• »rrl»» Ml
NAN ritANVISdO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
!AT» — T»OK P»O«MB«t 1. HOP. — AMW1
7j«Oa Benlda. Sutmn, Elmixa. VacaTiHe,
Eumsey and Sacramento Troop
7««»A Shasta Expr<?M-D*tis, Williams (for
Bartlett BprlnpX Willows, Bed ¦
Bluff. PortLaod7. •*!«»
7«8»1 Martinez, San IUmon.VaUejo, Napa,
Cailgtog* »uJ Banta Ro*a ••lift
SiOOa Darls, Woodland. Kni«nU Lsndlnj,
MarysTiUe, OroTllUr. :•«••• tl'25*
«l!«0* Atlantlo Express— Otden and Ewl •««4S»
8:«»ANile», LiTennore, Tiwr. lAthroR
Stockton •7»"f
• il«A 8»u- Jose, Llfermore. 8to«klon. .
looe. Sacramento. PlaeerrlUs.
Marysvllle. Chlco. Red lltuff M«l»r
818OA Oakdale, Chinee*, Sonora, Garten... .."*•••'
*i«04 Haywarda, Nilesand War BUUons.Mlt*»A
»iOOaLos Angele* Express — Martinez.
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton. Muoed
Tie.no and Los Annies ! Ix l? f
'fltlOA Valleio. Martlnes and Way Buttons *»i43r
I OiOOa Tbe Overland limited— Ogden. Dan-
ter, Omahft. Chicago "•:«=»»
HiOOa KUea. 8toektoD. Saorameat* Mt»
doti, Vnaao. Haaford. VUall*.
PortertllleT!; ««'"»
Ll :00a LtTarmore, Banger, Goenea Juno.
tlon, Bakenflefd, Los Xnnlea
fliOOr 8aoramento Klfer Hleatnew........^ I" 8 '**
•riiOOp rf»jw»td». NUe» and Waj BUtiona. «ai4S 1-
Mittttr Martlnex. 8an Ramon, Vallejo, ._. _
Napa, Callnioia. SauU Rom ¦»¦!»*
MiSOrBenlda, Wtaten. Sacramento,
Woodland. Ktofghtt Landtag. _
MnrT.TlIle, Orovllle *5 : ***
•4tSOr Hajwards. NUeaand 8aa.To^...... t»'*»A
•3s00p NUe». UTenaoi»and8toekton. v ...*l«t45A
r5i«0r8unaet Limited. El Paso. Kaiw
¦5:«0pTh« Owl Limited— Traer. Fresno. ¦
Bakenfleld. Saago* tor Banta Bar- - m - ¦ • ¦
bara.Lo8 Anrelat.........'........ •l»»l»l
•9i««rNeir Orleant ExweM-BakerifleM.
Santa Barbara. IjO« ADgele*. Dem-
Ing. El Paw. New Orleaui and
East . "T»«»A
¦SiOOr Haywardi, Nile* and Baa Joae !I'V**
lOiOOr Vaflelo •Il«4a4
•0.00 r Oriental MaO— Ogden. Cheyenae. _
Omaha. Chicago J. *a:4Sp
•«t*«r Oriental ' Malt— Ogden. Denver. „-._
n Omaha. Chloago. MtlSr
•7«00p Oregon and California K(preas,Hae-
.rameuto. MarjitllJe. RediHug, •
Portland. Pnget Bound and Kasl *S(4Sa
•SiCSrBan Pablo. Port Coata. Martian
and Way Buttons Hl'1'2*
tSHtap Vallojo »ll»>aA
COAST DlfUIOH (Narrow «««ge).
(foot et Market StretU
•Si ISA Newark. CautsrvlU«,SaiiJoae.PeUon.
Bonlder Cieek.BauU Orus and Way
StatioDt ••»••*
flilSr Newark Osuterfllle, 8an Jose, New
Almaden. F.Hon. lloulder Creek,
bant* Cm* and Principal Way
StaUous.... .*. tl»«»»4
•4iIBp Newark, Han Jose. LotGatot •SiBv*
S»::s(»p Hnnten' Kxeurtlon. San Jos* and *
¦ Way Stotions.. I7"*T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
MB 111 miClSCO-'Mt «r Mirkit JlniKSlii 8)-
t7:l( 9:00 11:004.11. 1:03 1:33 I'llr.*.
umBUUll— fiiUflrod«iJ.— 1«:08 (8:00 MM
18:OO*.M. 11:03 1:00 i:03 «B:00r.M.
. COAST DIVISION (KroadHauge).
(Third mid Townaend Sto.)
't«il»A Oeaan View. South San frandnco.. 1««1«P
•7»»Oa Man Joi» anil Way Btationa (New
Almaden Wedaeidays otily) •liS»*
•li«0i Hun .loie, Tres riuos, SauU Onis,
Paclllo Orof e. Paso ltobles. Saa
I.ula Oblipo, Surf, Lompoo aud
Principal Way Stations Mil»»
!•.«•» Saa Jo«o a.«l Way BtaUons. •«>89a
IIiSOa San Jots and Way SUtlons ........ *SiSOp
t*i45r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Banta Clara, 8au Jots.
Tres Plnos. Santa Cm*, Salinas.
Montarey and Pacllle Oro»« HO. as a
f*iB«r Saa Jowtnd Way Stations *7i8»r
fstlSp Ban Jom aud Principal Way SUtlons *»:43a
j.VOOp Ban Jos«, Los Oatos and Prindpal
Way 8Ut1on«... t9:00t
•5:SOp BtnJoKtml Principal Way Stations *SiS5*
•iltaor San Joae and Way8tmtlon« l«:»».
Uli«ar 3an J089 and Way SUtlons »7iSOp
A (or Morning. . P for Afternoon.
•Dally. ? Sunday sxe*pled. J Suud»r o»ly.
<] Mondays. Wednesdays, Friday*. -
e Tuesdays. Thursdays, Sundays,
a 6aturday_onjx.
Santa Fe
Trains- Dai 'y
Leare Market-atreat Ferry Depot.
<ve. San Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p m 8:00 p m
lit. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p m
" Mtrced 2:«pm 1:1S & m
" Frevno 4:20 pm J:05 a m
" Vlsalla. 6:00 pm 4:50 am
" Tulare 6:23 pm (:10 am
" Hanford 6:33pm 7:04am
" Bakersfleld „.. 8:50pm 7«) am
,\" D«nver 10:00 a m ¦¦
". Kansas City... 5:15 pm
.**... Cbtcago 7:Mim
9 a. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corrs-
pondingr train arrives at 6 p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. " Correapoading
rain arrives at 11:06 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bajtersfleld ITi^n— ,
?ith Sleeping Cars (or both cities. , Corrtspond-
nf train arrives at * a. m. daily. '¦¦&&***$$*&
OmCE8-«41 Market st. and in Ferry Depot.
Jtn Francisco: 1118 Broadway. Oakland. . .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
'Leaves Baa Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
VEEK DAYS....»:15 a. m.; 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 1:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
¦ ' >. <» ¦¦ • ¦'¦
Fare, San Franclico to Summit and Rttum.
140.- -¦¦- ¦¦:¦:-:,-.*:,¦..' ¦.,.-:¦ -
<EW TAVERN OF TAMAJuPAIS NOW OPETT.
r* cket offices. 621 Market st- . Sausallto , Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KGABJiT ST. Established
In 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood; Debility or
disrate wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cure* when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Com rnaranlred. Call or writ*.
Dr. 4, F. eiBBOXj baa PraaciKO ( Cal. |gijj
.-¦: ; Via Sausallto Ftrrv.
Commencing;' September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLKT
AND SAN RAFAEL. . -
WEEK. D AYS— «:55,-*9:15, 11:00 a. m.." *1:4S
3:15, 4:00, 5:15, *6:15, 6:40 p.m. ' -, •
EXTRA. TRIPS— For Mill . Valley ... and San
Rafael on Mondays,' Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p.m. ¦¦.'. . ,r *
SUNDAYS- *8 :OO, ¦ •10:00. »ll:30 ' a. m.. *1:U.
l:15..M:45..6:S0, »:00 p. m. .
Trains marked, (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
* WEEK' DA YS-5:20/ »8:30, 7:45, J:SO a. m..
•12-30 1:45." »S:3O. 4:80, : 5:20 p. m. ¦ ' <
EXTRA TRIPS on ; Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 P> m.>
SUNDAYS-6:20. »«:00, ,•10:00. m^S^a. m.,
nMO •2:15. -4:45' *8:30 p. m.
Trains marked '(•) 'Start from San Quentln,
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. • 6:45, 7:55. 9:30 a. m.,
12-35, 2:10. ; 3:30. < 4:54.5:20 p. m. ¦ sk .
EXTRA TRIPS ¦¦ on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p.m. •
. SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10,-«5 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. ; 3:30/
5:00. 6:45 p. m. • ¦ ¦¦¦.--¦• ' WlNTCIWI'l fiWIIld
•• - -i . THROUGH .TRAINS.
6:55 a. m.' week days— Cazadero and way
stations.. ->, ¦_. _ '':'"'•- ¦•".' - •
.1:45 . p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and . way
stations. - - ,. -- - •. ,
- 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and . way
"stations. . ¦ •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBTJRON FERRI- FOOT OF MARKET 8T.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, »:0O, 11:00 a. m.; 12.J5. S:JO,
6:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at UJt
p. m. Saturdayt— Extra trips at 1:M and
11: JO p. m.
SUXDAYS-S:00, 3:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. S:!0. tM.
<:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:60. 9:20. U:li) a. m.: U:tf,
1:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturday *~Extra trips at l:i*
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAT&-8:lO. >:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:0. t:4». S4S.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scanetsea Park.
rame schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco, f Nov. 7. DOOl | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ Destination. [ days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:0 am 8:40 an
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 8:05 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 1:00 pm Santa Roaa. T:tipm »:O pnx
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:8 am
Healdabura*.
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
I :W pm 8:00 am ClovertUIe. 7:15 pm l:Ojn
7:30 am] j Bopland j I
I 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pmf t:33 pax
7:30 am 10:SS am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| x ; «:» pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:0 am
and I
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 1:05 pm 1:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am) 110:0 am 110:15 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| »:28 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
tor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lvtton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at CloverdaJ*
for the Geysers; at Hop land for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Wtttsr
Springs.' Upper Lake. Porno, Potter ValUy.
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Eanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot Spring*.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport, Usal,
Wlllets. Laytonvlle. Cummin;]. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olaens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. (50 Market st.. Chronicle bond-
ing. R- X. Rf AN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Ait.
Gen. Manager.
STATEMENT
OS" THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OB* THE——
New Tori Plate Class
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IX THE STATE OB* OTTW
York, on the 21st day of December. A. D.
1S99, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
Slate of California, pursuant to the provisioaa
of Sections (10 and (11 of tho Political Codaw
condensed as per blank, furnished by the Com-
mlssloner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash 8100.000 9»
ASSETS.
Leans on Bonds and Mortgarss 2.500 M
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
. Bonds owned by Company SM.80O M
Cash in Company's Office Liu n
Cash In Banks J, m U
Premiums in due Coarse of Collection. 17.734 S*
Plato Glass on hand...... .*. 8,154 84
Total Assets. .S29O.QU 44
LI ABUJTIES.
Lctses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense U.O3 71
Gross premiums oa Risks running? ons
year or less. ? ; reinsurance
SO per" cent HUM 5T
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 8,000 M
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
•to 432 14
Return premiums l.sei 75
Total liabilities .~..ca,9U n
rNcoars.
Net cash, actually received for pre-
miums 1217. «33 a
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources X3.tS3 IS
Received for profit on sals of securi-
ties 4,071 H
Total Income ..$233,943 75
. ,'...-, EX3?E>TDI TL'KZS.
Net amount paid for Losses .'.... 81W.W7 M
Dividends to Stockholders 10,000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ~ _. 89.134 J3
Paid for Salaxies. Feea and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 24.433 33
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes Utt 83
All other payments and expenditures.. 21,921 38
Total Expenditures .....$241,020 SO
MAX DANZIOER, President
MAJ. A. ¦WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st
day ot January. 1900.
F. FISHBECK. Notary Public
J. D. M AX WELL CO. Gc neral Agent
T. E. JAIHES, Asst. General Agent, ,
421 California St., San Francisco
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
.turcefcT to JP^nS*'".*..^^ 11^'
rr^ER^L^E^^^M^MHKS.
to Firth «t., opposite Llncola scnooi.
Telephone South SO.
meAVOY «fc CO.. I
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
13J Market St.. between Eth and 9Ul |
TeleDhone South 247. . |
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
tl and 23 Fifth Bt. TfJ. South 167. . ¦
JCNEBAL SISECT0E3. ANO EKBALKEH?.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. ¦
KASKIAGE UCEETSES.
The followtr.c marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Adolpne Teystedre. 29, £21 JacVsvn street and
Louise M. A. Lagarrisrue. 14. s«i Jaokson street.
Oscar Lazanslty. 27. ISO Eills street, and Tlllle
Ptark. 19. 117 Rum street.
Peter McKenna, 22, Corcnado. and Annie M.
Gay nor. £2. city.
Howard "tt\ Johnson. 22, S420A Mission street.
ana Maude A. MacDoaald, n. E7 Cbenery St.
Jen* R. fr.rensen, 36. 1084 Howard street, and
Louise A. Roessel. SS. 10S4 Howard street.
Anton* Mihovlch, 2S. 405 Be&le street, and
Katy C. Vyenlelo. 1G. 405 neale street.
Vlaeerso Rorrentino. 44. C44 Filbert street,
end Angelina Calll. S4. 644 Filbert street.
Martin II. Huber. a. 2€T1 Xlneteenth street,
and Pauline L. Schmidt. 20. 11 Bumncr street.
John 3. Bailie. 24. JJ8 Bush Hreet, and Marie
L. Dene'.lon, 2T. C33 Bush street.
Mlrhao! C. 6heehan. S9, 420 Tehama street.
and J«_ne Lar&ner. 27. S17 Mission street.
John Suit. S<>. M Ritch ftr«<t. and Anna
Krurt-m, 26. ZH Richland avenue.
Charles E. Woodward. 82. Cincinnati. Ohio.
and Catherine Ma.cDor.ald. tZ. Portland. Or.
' EIBTH8-MEBIAGES-DEHBS. -
Birth, marriage and death noUoes sent by
mall trill not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication cfnoea and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published.
KRAT76D— In this city, November XS, 1900, to
the wile cf Alexander Krause. a sen.
tONGWORTH— In this city. December 18, 1900,
to th* wife of Thomas Longworth, a caugh-
ter.
FETERSOX— In this city. December 19, 1900, to
the wt;c of Robert Peterson, a daughter.
MARRIED.
JOKXFOX— OLSOX— In this city. December 13.
l&"0. bv the Her. Dr. E. Neiander of the First
English Lutheran Church, Allan Johnson and
Annl<» Olson, both of San Francisco.
MEYEK-GETZ-In this city. December IS.
1S0O. by the R«v. Dr. J. Xieto. Moees O.
• ileyer and Maud Gets.
ai^lNHARDT-WEULD-In this city. October
19. XWO. by the Rev. Dr. J. M- Buehler. Paul
Metnhardt and Bertha Weule.
FH1LIPS— WIEE>— In this city. December IS.
J9O0, ty tlw» llev. Dr. J. Xleto, Charles E.
Philips and Ida. Wise.
BOLOMON-NEWFIELD-In thU city. Decem-
ber », laoo, by the Pj?v. Dr. J. Xieto. Armaad
Eolomon and Sarah Xewflcld.
DIED.
Antolne. Marie P. J. Hlrth. Elizabeth H.
Uremnan. James Iiittell. E!ls« C.
Brown, Fanny C. Xtjen. Sirs. Johanna
Cullumber, John Jacobs. Pauline
Damon. Frank O. Koexjlg. Marie EX
Dougherty, Michael Krause. Lester A.
Dur.ker. Catherine Lander. Abraham
Eklund. Caroline E. McVey. P.rema M-
Figuera. Mrs. L*. Morgan. Mrs. Kat«
Fere, Leslie F. Murphy. Dennis J.
Follis. Margaret Murphy. Edward
Focrman. S.raon Ring. Laura J.
Foster. Mary Sweet. M. P.
German. Reyes S. de Whltaker. Margaret
Gleeeon. Mary A. William!!. Harry
Grah&a. James "U'jtrky. Herman
Gray. Susan H. Woenne. Frank
Graj-son. Sanford Tf. Woodward. Mrs. E*
Guarag-Ua. L<ulcl Your:c. Mary
HanniSn. Brldeet
ANTOIXE-In this city. December 17. 1900,
Marie Paul Jules Antolne. Vice Consul of
France, a native of l>e!le. France, aged *5
years 6 months and 21 days.
CTThe funeral *1U take place this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, frr-m the parlor*
of Julius E. Gode&a. SOZ Ua8t*OB*rT *™? w -
thence to Xotre Dame dee Ylctoires French
Church, where a high requiem ras^? will be
celebrated for th- repose cf Ms sou . com-
rn<>ncinc at 11 o'clock.
BREXNAX— In Berkeley. December :'. 1W0
James Hrennan. uncle of J. A. Prer.r. -n and
Mrs. FJlen Kelly, a native cf County Kerry.
Ireland, ased 7S years.
CTFrtoads and acquaintances erp r^spect-
ftlly in\-ited to attend the funeral tris day
(Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the parlors o
the California Vndertaklr* Compar.y. 406
Powell Ftreet, near Post, thence to Ft. Mary s
Church, corner cf California and Dupont
streets, for t*rvlces, commenrln B at l:w
o'cl-x-k. Interment Mount Calvary Orneterj".
BROWX— In this c'.ty. IV~>riber 1% 1900.
Fanny Cllfffrd Brown, daughter of the late
Jostle* Nathan Clifford of the United States
Euprome Court, a native of Maine, aged 64
years.
Ct'LLfMTJKR— la this city. December 19. 1300.
John Cullumber. beloved husband of Julia
Cuilurcbor. and brother of William Cullum-
ber of Iiinerwater, San Benito County, and
ilartha Eestmoore and Uizzie HMses cf
Gold Hill. Or., a native cf Arkansas, ag-ed
t. years & months and a days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnrtted to attend the funeral this day
'Friday*, at 1 o'clock, from hie late residence.
*S32 Brj'ant street, thence to St. Peter's
Church Alabama street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth streets, at 1:30 o'clock,
where mass will be celebrated for the repoee
of hl» »oul. Interment Holy Cross Ceaieterj'-
DAMOX— In this city, December 19, ISO©, Frank
G beloved husband cf L'.Uie Damon, »on cf
Gecree C and Charlotte Damon, and- brother
cf Mrs. J. D. Learned, a native of Maine.
ace- 2s years 7 months and 6 days. A mem-
bsrot Theatrical Employes' Protective Union.
«ii also of the San Francisco Theatrical
ile~hanlcs' Aseodation.
C7 Remains at the mortuary chaptl of the
G- ;S<?n Gate Undertaking Company. i4J5 ilis-
ibm etre^-t. near Twenty-first.
DC'UGKERTT— In this city, December 18, 1900,
Michael Dougherty, a native of the parish of
Carrfiaraeh. County Donegal. Ireland, aged
CTF^Vends and acquaintances are respect-
ful'y tr\-ited to attend the funer^J thli day
'Friday) at 9 o'clock, from the ; arlors of
McAvey & Co.. 1223 Market street, between
Eiphth and Xlnth, thence to St. Paul's
Church for ser\-ices- Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DUXKER— In this citj'. DecemV^r JO. 1903,
Catherine Dunker. beloved motfc >r of -Diet-
rich Dur.ker. a native of Slorsui'V. Hanover.
Germer.'-, a*^d 77 years 2 months and 29 day*.
ETFrteada and acquaintances and officers
ar.J numbers of St. Paulus Wrrtn are
respectfully lm-Ited to attend tl» fuw-ral
to-morrow <Batarday). at 1 o^apck. from the
funeral parlors of H. F. Maasf . . Missloa
Ftre<>t Interrnent Laurel HIM C • •'.'rr.
EKLUXD-Ia this city. Decem r iX 1900
Caroline Elizabeth Kklund, de : beloved
¦ and only daughter of Charles a i ESlrabeth
'.-.•¦.. and FUter of Charles I.k:u.nd Jr.. a
r-ative of San Francisco, ageo i years S
toodtba and Cl day*;
rjOCERA- In this city, Decemfc-r 1?. 1900, at
htr r«-i=idenre. « fit. Kooe atn «>t. '-©rner of
»»*for.ic avenue. Mrs. L.. Flew-"-ra. widow of
tht late Louis Fijruera. and UmBS nether or
John and Emily Fleuera. Mrs S. H. V ad«
and Mrs. J. S. Williams, a OSUve U Liouis-
lane. aged 7« years and 7 months.
CT'Xotlce of funeral here»Xt*r.
fTKJO— In this city. December 19. 1^0. Leslie
" fbelwrf husband of Dai*y E. Fop. and
?f'rer of Ernest. E-thel, Elsie and Dorothy
Forr a native of ilalne. a«»J 42 years 10
£2nti* and 10 days. A meirber at Modoc
Trio*- Xo. 67, Impd. O. R. 51.
rTFriends and acquslntancea ere re*p*ct-
Tulty lnMted to attend the . fun«"«l to-morrow
<S«turfay). at 1M o'r\oc*. .trot r ' f late resi-
fl-rce 73S Shrader street, betw* n Wnilah and
Waller. Interment Cypreas Um Cemetery
by carrlr.se.
MEMBERS cf Modoc T«be No. r,. I. O. R. VL:
Tou ere earnestly requested to attend the
funeral cf our late brother. L. F. Forr.
to-morrow (Faturday). Aeseml le at the wig-
warn. £T0 Pc5t street, at l^o^ <£$g> &
HENRY HUXLER. C. cf R.
FOLLIS— In this city, December M, l»00. Mar-
iraret. beloved daughter of the latt John and
Elizabeth Follia. a native of Ir lar.4.
FOORMA'.*— In thlt city, Decea. *jt 30, 1900,
Simon, beloved husband of Helc:a. Foormaa.
*id father of Isaac "6. Foorman. a native of
Tiefentfcal, Heesen. are« 82 years 1 month
a! CTNwMce' of funeral hereafter.
FO«TER — In Berkeley. December IS. 1900.
Marv widow of the late Henry A. Foster,
and "beloved mother of Harry W.. George H..
Charles T.. Frank E. and Grace T. Foster
L°d Mrs. Ge^te H. Strieker, a native of
Edinburgh. ScoUa'nd, ateu Cl .ear* and 2
m ar Fiends and acQuaintance!= are reepoct-
fullr invited to attend th« fcr.eral services
this day (Friday).- at 2 o'clock, tt her late
r*«!dence 1411 Oxford street. Berkeley. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
r.FRMAN-la this city. Deceaiber 19, 1900.
Titve* Stlvas de German, beloved mother of
Vanuela and Genero Vendibles, a naUv« of
Mexico, arcd to rears,
ryvotlee- of funeral hereaftor.
GLEESON- In this city. December 20. 1900. at
£J?>eV:denc«. 4« Caatro etr.-«>t. Mary XT.
w*fe rf John Gleeson. and moth-r of Henry
and John Gl«ewn, a naUve of Ujadon. Eng-
Uke pi ace to-morrow
%&£S&
S?ctim«ro etreeti. Notice cf time In to-
morrow rnorninz's Kai*™--. . _. „ ,_
< . < a j » a m— in this city, December 1>, 1900,
jVm« beloved husband of Jane Graham, and
'a™"' of Thomas M dUHl« GnJujp. Mrs.
p F Nolan and Agnes and Ja ""* Grah ? jn ;
a native of Port Glasgow, Scotland, aged €7
5^ .7 month, and < day.- (EcottUh papers
P 'c^Frt°ndi > •u'd acaualntance. are respert-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock. " from " his late re«*-
dence, 105 Lundjr Lane, th<>nce to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem j mass " will
be celebrated for the repose of his bouI, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. • Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
GRAY— In this city. December 11 1900. at her
residence. 1120 Vallejo* street. Susan H.. be-
loved wlte of the late Matthias Gray, and
mother of Matthias K. Gray, a native of
Elizabeth. N. J., aged 62 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Stephen's
Church, Fulton street, between Webster and
Fillmore. Interment private.
GRAYSON— In. the City and County Hospital.
December 20. 1900. Sanford AS'. Grayson. a na-
tive of Indiana. «/jrd 5S years.
GUARAGLIA— In this city. December 20,1900,
Luigi GuaragUa, beloved brother of James
Guaraglla and Mary Chiossa. a native of
Italy, aped 5S years 6 months and 15 days.
US' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 450 Unfon street,; thence to Gari-
baldi Hall. 423 Broadway, where the funeral
services will be held under the auspices of
Alpinl Grove No. 10S. U. A. O. D. Interment
Mount Oilvet Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HANNIFIN— la this city. December 19, 1900,
Bridget, wife of Daniel Hannifin, mother of
James Hannifin, and daughter of Dennis and
Johanna Bowen, a native of Boston. Mass.,
aged £6 ¦ years.
(E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HIRTH-In this city. December IS. 1900, Eliza-
beth H., beloved wife of P. H. Hirth. and
mother of Maud M. Hargreaves, a native of
Cincinnati. Ohio, aged 61 years 7 months and
10 days.
OFFICERS and members of Seven Pines Circle
No. 3, Ladies cf the G. A. R.. are requested
to assemble at the California Undertaking
Parlors. 405 Powell street, near Post, this
day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral of our late sister. Elizabeth U. Hlrtn.
By order cf *
LIZ2IE C. WHITESIDE. President.
LAURA I. OBUXGER, Secretary.
HITTELJ>-ln this city. Deoember 20. 1900,
ElUe C. wife of Theodore H. Hlttell. .
ITJEN'-In this city. December 13. 1300. Mrs.
Johanna Itjen, beloved mother of Henry.
Charles and Frederick It Jen and Mrs^ August
Young, a native of Bremerhaven. Oermany,
aged tS years 7 months and 15 days.
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors or
Theodor Dierks. 957. Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
JACOBS— In this city. December 19. 1900. Pau-
lina Jacobs, beloved mother of Samuel, Bar-
ney, Isaac and Gabriel Jacobs, the Misses
Ray. Nancy and Birdie Jacobs. Mrs. H. L.
Springer, Mrs. K. Rosenthal. Mrs. A.
Schwartz and Mrs. Mark Levy, and widow of
the late Abraham Jacobs, a native of Prus-
sia, aged 67 years 6 months and 9 days.
Cyfriends and acquaintances are respect-
fuliy Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2011 Pine street, between Lasruna and
Buchanan, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets to Hills of
Eternity Cemetery for interment. Please
omit flowers.
KOENIG— In this city. December 19. 1900, Marie
E., dearly beloved daughter of James J. and
Annie Callen, and sister of Louis Koenlg. a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 years 1 month
and 2$ da: «-
CyFYiends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 812 Vallejo street, . between San-
eome and Montgomery. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ,."¦
KRAU6E— In this city, December 20, 1300, %&-
ter A., dearly beloved and only child* of
Alexander and Mary Krause, a native of Ban
Francisco, aged 1 month and 6 days. ' i
LAUDER-In this city. December 20. 1900. Ab-
raham Lauder, a native of England, aged 63
years.
McYET— In this c!ty\ December 20, 1900, Regena
Mary, beloved daughter of John and Eliza-
beth McVey, and sister of Joseph P., Alponus
J., Thcmas F. and George R- MeVer. a native
cf San Francisco, aged 1 year 1 month and IS
daja. . ,-.-.;:
MOROAX-In Stockton, December 19, 1900, Mrs.
Kate Morgan (nee McCann). daughter of the
late John and Catherine McCann. and sister
of J. H. McCann, Mrs. A. R. McKnew, Mrs.
G. W. Scott and Nellie. Sadie and Addle Mc-
Cacn. a native of Pennsylvania, aged 32 years
. and 6 months.
tPTViends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue,
for services at 1:80 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery- ! »
MURPHY— In this city. December 19, 1900. Den-
nis J. Murphy, beloved brother of Mrs. Jamea
Fendergeet and John J. Murphy, and mem-
ber of Knights of the Red Branch and Rebe
Cork Benevolent Association, a native of
Millstrect, County Cork, Ireland.
E3rF"riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. James Church, corner of Twen-
ty-third and Guerrero streets, where a r»-
qulem macs will be celebrtaed for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'c.ock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In the City and County Hospital,
December 20. 1900, Edward Murphy, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 33 years.
RIVG— In this city, December 20. 1900. Laura
J , dearly beloved daughter of Annie and the
late Richard Rink, a native of San Francisco.
C7Frl«ndB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
: (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 2100 Greenwich, street, corner of.
Webster, thence to St. Brlgld's Church.
Broadway and Van Ness avenue, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
6WEET-In this city. December 20. 1900, M. P.
Bweet. a native of New York, aged 54 years.
JET" Remains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street.
WHITAKER-In this city. December 19, 1900.
' Margaret L. Whltaker. sister of J. C. and
William Whi taker of Tucson. Aria., and Mrs.
6. W. Coon of San Francisco, a native of
New York/
WILLIAMS- In this city. December 19. 1900.
Harry Williams, a native of Finland, aged 84
WITZKY— In Bakersfleld, December 20, 1900,
Herman, beloved husband of Hattle Wltzky.
a native of Germany, aged 43. years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at i o'clock, from the parlors of
Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WOENNE— In this city, December 19. 1900.
Frank Woenne. beloved husband of Lena
Woenne, and father of Walter and Edna
Woenne. a native of Gotha. Germany, aged 26
years 3 months and 12 days.
irT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2476 Post street. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
WOODWARD— In this city. December 18, 1900,
Mrs. Emily Woodward, mother of David
Woodward, and sister of Edwin Cleveland,
a native of Nantucket. Mass. (Nantucket
papera please copy.)
YOUNG— In Oakland, December 19, 1900. Mary
Young, beloved mother of Mrs. Mary Ral-
Eton and John Young, a native of Ireland,
ased 78 yearB.
C7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. John Ralston. 1520 Thirteenth avenue.
East Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. ¦
THRO f SLEEPERS
FOR CHICAGO
via the Burlington Route leave San Francisco 6-00 every
evening.
On their way East, they pass through Salt Lake City. |
Glen wood. Colorado Springs, and Denver — mighty pleas- j»
ant places at which to stop over for a day or so and thus
break the monotony of the overland trip. *
All meals served in dining cars. Luxurious library
cars. Denver to Chicago. Berths and tickets at .
63! Market Street, San Francisco.
W. D. SAN BORN, General Agent
- " ' - B II r™ 1 j /I I I I I 9 J I I a I F~ ¦ I 'if ornla "Woman Bilk Culture Association
and an active member of several women's
clubs in this city. . <¦ •
In Kvan r" . Ale or Ft out. ' consequently ; you ¦ can
turn bottle upside down and drain last drop. •
T3xere'8 " No Sediment
"EbfiniHolden" arid "Alice ofjOldvVln
cennes" have . Just received.' by
Ccoper .- & Co. . : 746 ' Market ' street. •Books
are. appropriate | Christmas -gifts;; and ; this
firm has a splendid stock to choose from.*,
New Arrival of x Old Friends."
I; Mrs. .Theodore'-, H.- Hlttell, prominent -hi
Sari- Francisco" society, and , for nearly > flf-^
tv, years a resident of California; died yes
terday." J> ; Deceased^ was ra- native of ' Ger
many. She was the president of the Cai
'¦ : ¦ . ¦¦'.¦¦ " ; t .-'.¦• ': '•¦'; . - ¦ ¦ •" •' -
Pioneer Woman . Passe* Away:
/Auditor .Wells '.returned to the Board "of
Election ;; Commissioners ,j yesterday ,'- with
out his approval twenty-eight demands of
various ¦ amounts s from $3 33 Uo 533 35 ; for
overtime ; of , ordinary ; and « asslatant clerks
in . the ' Registrar's office; • The .Auditor
states»'that .thereils !no ; provision - in the
charter; to « pay • a salaried clerk ; for : over
time. The; Auditor . will > be : mandamused."
Clerks Bef used Pay f or^Overtime.
JOSEPH KIGEL. MERCHANT , TAJ
i LOR. : The . latest styles ; to , select '• from.*
Suits from $20 upward.' Overcoats,' fancy
vests, etc., at greatly reduced prices. 8e"o
ond floor Flood Bldg.,* Fourth and Market.*
Attorney' George' O'Byrne .-was "arrested
yesterday by. Detectives ' McMahon : and
Cody and booked at i the. City Prison; on a
charge of : f orgrery.": 'The warrant'-was:is
sued - eeveral days aso. The ¦ complaining
witness is Mrs. Ellen. Monnler,. 456 Fulton
street. O'Byrne. acted as her -attorney
and In the. month of September received a
check , for ¦ $42 49 signed : by B. P. Oliver,
real estate ¦ agent, and , made : payable » to
Mrs. Monnier. < He 7 . is ; accused . of t forging
Mr8.'Monnler*s Indorsement^ on the back
of*the check and cashlng.lt. • '
Attorney Booked j for .; Porpery.-
Mrs. Salalg , of." 342A : Prospect ', avenue.
San . ; Francisco, • "or , -:• 1091 ,;} Blxty-seventh
street,' Oakland, called" at ¦ the * Coroner's
office yesterday, afternoon - and • reported
that her husband. Ami ' B. ' SalBlsr, . better
known as "Gove,". had been -missing since
last ¦• Sunday. - He . is ¦ a butcher , and ¦ had
worked f or : the firm of Grayson & Owens
for twenty, years. / •
Ami B. Salsig Hissing.
¦ A special men's vlct kid, ! box' calf; seal
skln or kangaroo shoes, worth 54 to J3,
will be sold ; to-morrow for $1 S5 a pair.
These shoes are hand' sewed.' stylish. All
sizes. .< At the shoe i trust sale of . the B«a
Hive - Shoe Company, ' 717 c Market street
near Third. . v , : : : - •
You Will Be Bightin It.
Express Accommodation.
Wells, Fargo! &' Co. 's express office will
b«? open for ; forwarding and s delivery of
shipments from 9 su m. until 4 p. ml Sun
day, December, 23. ••- .'';¦>'; . . . •
For .',. president. George D. Clark; first
vlge president, George H. Plppy;' second
vlco president, D.E.McKlnlay;: secretary,
Joseph Slmonson; treasurer, I. .W. Hell
man Jr. ; directors, .William Abbott, A. S.
Mangrum, Thomas Kirkpatrick, B. 8.
Breyf ogle, O. F. -Westphal and H." G. W. -
Dlnkelsplel;--. " • ¦• ¦•"~-»**,tis«£r:jfc-«Uv:
The annual election will take place Jan
uary 8, 1901. There are no indications of
an opposition ticket. w V -
J. B. • Fuller, chairman, and j William
Macuonald, secretary of the nominating
committee of the • Union j| League J Club,
yesterday submitted a report of the regu
lar nomination of officers to serve for the
year 1901. The ticket presented is as fol
lows:; . ; : ¦.'-; - - ¦' ¦.. .. • •'¦:'
Union league Club Officers.
The contractors of the city will . hold a
special meeting to-day at 1:30 p. m.
discuss the trouble which has existed for
a- long time between . certain mill-owners
and the Building Trades Council and to
organize a: mutual protective association
with V the view of ending the friction to
the benefit ot. all parties.
Although- the contractors have no dis
pute with the labor council ¦ their business
is affected by the mill-owners". '.trouble, as
the council will 1 not permit any of Its
members to work on buildings Vhlch are
using material from the nine-hour mills.
The independent mill started by the
workmen and those. mills which are work-
Ing on the eight-hour I basis are | sufficient
to meet the demand for building, opera
tions,-but the 'contractors- realize, that
with the strike movement still in - exist
ence the" situatl6n Is a precarious one; for
their ; interests ¦ and desire to have , the
trouble settled."
B H. Kent, who Is a large contractor,
said . last evening: . .''ii?
J "We have talked this matter over at the
Builders' Exchange and we feel that
something'- must : be done to settle the
trouble and protect •;• the * interests of - the
city. The meeting will take place at the
Building Exchange ' and we propose to
found a body entirely independent from
the exchange. It will be a sort of mutual
protective association' and "while we.- have
no plans formulated we" hope .that -the
meeting will result, In- the formation of f a
committee' which will talk over the mill
trouble 'with the millmen and • the Trades
Council and 'reach a under-
Standing. One hundred and fifty con
tractors have signed the call for the meet :
ing, -so that .we will have ; a general"ex
pression; from; all t quarters as to the best
U h presi t dent e p. O H.' : McCarthy of the Build-
Ing Trades Council said :last^ 'evening:"-,* *
"We feel that it is to', the interests -of
the' contractors,' mili-owners and every
one elseiengaged In 1 the building trade as
weir as the welfare of ihe city to have this
controversy i settled. .,\V e feel : that i every;
one will benefit if it, is settled on the lines
- we -advocated, •; namely, \that mills : run
elghrhours a day, and; employ; union men;
the , same las Uhe contractors j doing busi
ness in" this city, havo done ,f or year3..
They 'Desire* a.. Settlement
of the Mill-Owners'
Troubles. .
CONTRACTORS
TO ORGANIZE
The Supervisors' . Street Committee rec
ommended yesterday that the petition of
the San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railway Company to amend its franchise
for a steam railroad on Illinois street be
granted. This amendment will permit of
the transfer of- the franchise to the At
chison, Topeka and. Santa Fe road.
The petition of the. same company for
a franchise on Tombigbee street to con
nect with Illinois street was laid over, for
one week. The committee will make a
trip of Inspection over the portions of
street designated in the franchise.
Commissioner Maguire, of .the Board of
Public Works, sought to prevail on the
committee to- accept Its ideas for paving
several , downtown streets. He favored a
cobblestone foundation for a bituminous
or asphalt pavement, at. it would cost four
cents per square fool as against eight
cents for concrete. .The committee rather
favored the plan, but directed the Board
of Works to estimate the cost of the
cruslied cobblestone to be used in the con
crete pave. . •' . .
Supervisor Dtvyer called the Board of
Works sharply to account for Ignoring
the request of his committee for specifica
tions for bitumen and concrete. ; •
"The statement made by Hanson and
yourself that' there are twenty-one miles
of, cobbles in this city that could be used
in repavine: of streets is absurd." f said
Dwyer. "There are . less than ten miles
'of cobbles, and It is not true that $150,000
could be saved by using them. Less than
half that amount would.be saved."
"The. Board ' of Works 'recommends
cobbles." said Connor. ' "and. we are still
opposed "to -them. • Several months have
beon frittered away In trying to pave
four. blocks." ,
• Chairman ¦ Curtis favored cobblestones
only if crushed as such a foundation was
successfully used in Philadelphia. .
Edgar, Painter addressed the committee
regarding the petition- of -the North Cen
tral Improvement Association for the con
struction . of a tunnel- on 'Montgomery
Btreet, from Jackson to '. Lombard, to af
ford communication with the business sec
tion and the new. wharves to be built by
th'e Harbor Commission, i The Board j of
Works was directed to make an estimate
of the cost of the proposed tunnel.
Supervisor Booth addressed the commit
tee in favor of- his seven-foot fence ordi
nance,, but no. action was, taken. The
ten-foot ordinance, which goes into effect
July 1, 1901, is. deemed adequate.
Supervisors Favor Petition
of the San Joaquin
Railroad.
LEAVE TO AMEND
ITS FRANCHISE
A NUMBER of the employes of the
John Finn Metal Works had a
narrow escape from death or
serious Injury . yesterday. A
boiler of molten metal exploded
and while half a dozen men were burned
only one was seriously injured. His name
is Daniel Foley and he lives in East
Berkeley. His wounds were dressed at th»
Harbor Hospital and later in the day he
was removed to his home across the bay.
It appears that all hands in the, metal
works were melting some preparation
with which to do some galvanizing. The
molten mass had almost come to a white
heat and the workmen were getting ready
to remove It from the furnace. Suddenly
there was an upheaval and a report that
was heard a block. All the workmen
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
MAY BUILD BRANCH
Said to Be Seeking a Cut
off From Salt Lak« to
Los Angeles.
Vice President J. C. Stubbs was asked
yesterday what the Southern Pacific pro
posed to do to offset the Increased com
petition that is bound to follow the com
pletion of Senator Clark's new road from
Salt Lake City to Los Angeles. Mr.
Stubbs was not disposed to talk upon the
matter.
"In the first place it Is too early to make
any plans," said Mr. Stubbs. "The con
struction of the Clark road hasn't even
commenced yet. Then, again, if I did
know the plans ot our company In regard
to this particular matter I would not feel
disposed to tell them to the newspapers.
I would rather the information should
come from the construction department.
Ask Mr. Huntlngton or Mr. Hayes when
they Bet out here." ~ . ,„ tn
The van- fact that the Southern 'Pacific
officials are" inclined to belittle the- project
of closer rail connections between Salt
Lake and Lob Angeles Is taken by many
railroad men to Indicate that there is
something: in the wind. .' "¦
Chief Kngineer Hood was asked if an
had received any orders in regard to sur
veying and he replied in the negative. II
is stated by one who professes to know
that the plan under consideration by the
company is the' construction of a road
from the company's main line at Mojave
to the terminus of the Carson and Colo
rado line at Keeler. The distance would
be about 146 miles. Some fifty miles have
been surveyed out of • Mojave. which •
leaves less ' than 100 miles • for the en
gineers to go over and lay out a route.
As 1» well known, the -Southern Pacific
owns the Carson and Colorado • line,* hav
ing acquired possession of It a year, or
so ago. This line runs, to Mound House,
where the Virginia City and Truckee road
meets It. The Truckee line meets the
Central Pacific at • Reno. -Thus it will- be
eoen that with the 146 miles of track need
ed from Mojave to Keeler and with ac
cess over the Truckee lino from '.Virginia
Citv. the Southern Pacific, will be able to
bring about a substantial cut-off from
Salt Lake to Los Angeles without a grreat
deal of expense. ..Another plan suggest
ed and one which would give the com
pany a still shorter route to Salt Lake
Is to build. a branch road from the term
inus of the Carson and Colorado line at
Virginia City, meeting the Central Pacific
line near Wadsworth or Hot Springs.
I OBJDEB. IS PLACED ' FOB TIES.
Story TbAt Clark Has Purchased Tim
ber X-ands '. Denied.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 20.— The first or
der of Importance. for. supplies to be used
In the construction of the new 8an Pedro,
Lo» Angeles and Salt Lake Railway, ha«
been riven and it consists of 220,000 . ties
to be delivered during : February and
March of next year at San Pedro. The or
der wan placed on Pugef. Sound and will
be shipped Bouth by a sailingvessel. The
consignment' contracted. for will. It 1» es
timated, be necessary " for / the first 175
miles of the new road. . The total number
of ties necessary for completion of the
whole line will be about 2,000,000. - -.-: •
It is seml-officlally denied ' here that
Senator W. A. Clark hag recently • ob
tained control of large holdings of tim
ber land- In Humboldt ' County. A, San
Francisco paper published a story, a few
days ago that Senator Clark had pur-
Chased outright some 5000 acres of these
lands and that be had obtained an option
on about . 200,000 acres more. Thomas E.
Gibbon : said to-day . that, the „ meeting of
th© promoters of the new .line will not* be
held in 8t. Louis. until after; the holidays.
started to run, but hardly one of the
crowd escaped the molten metal. Every
where it lit on a human being.it burnt
through to the skin and some half dozen
of the boys had to be sent home.
Daniel Foley was nearest to the cal
dron and when the explosion came all ha
could do was to shield his face. The
molten metal burnt both his arms. It
stripped off his clothing from his neck to
the small of his hick. His right foot was
also badly burned. Dr. Bacigalupi atten.l
ed to the injured man at the hospital. The
remainder of the lnjur&d were sent home.
The foreman of the Finn Metal Works
saw to It that all hands were attended
to. Said he:
"It was an accident that is liable to
occur at any time and like an explosion
in a powder factory, cannot be guarded
against. We took all possible care, but
accidents will happen,- and I'm awful
sorry for the boys." . :
EXPLOSION OF GALVANIZING METAL THAT ENDANGERED THE
LIVES OF HALF . A DOZEN WORKMEN AT THE JOHN FINN
"WORKS, AND THE ONLY MAN SERIOUSLY BURNED.
The baiting of Charles H. Smith, cashier
of the Southern Pacific Company, by his
wife, Josephine Smith, continued before
Judge \ Daingerneld yesterday. Even
though it! may be the last of its kind for
her Mrs. Smith is reaping full delight
from her opportunity to cross-examine
her husband in the action for divorce in
stituted by himjon the ground of cruelty—
unspeakable cruelty.
For four hours yesterday Mrs. Smith
cross-examined her husband, as she called
it — nagged and* taunted him as the court
frequenters "sized It up." Smith's pa
tience is of that quality that passeth alii
understanding and during the hours on ¦
the stand he sat . ajid courteously an- ;
swered every question asked by his wife,
some of which would have loosed the rage ,
in almost any man. . \
When Mrs. Smith - was - not questioning |
her husband on : matters of fact more or j
less material she was charging him with j
theft or embezzlement or abuse or un
i speakable crimes. She broke through the !
lines drawn to limit the scope of her ex- j
amlnatlon and. serenely, evaded sugges
tions of the court and once openly defied
Its authority to control her.
Judge ' Dalngerneld announced that the
case would be called for hearing again
this morning. Mrs. Smith tartly answered
that she would not be in court at the time
stated. Judge Daingerneld instructed: her
that, she must be in court.' Mrs. Smith
asserted that she would not. Judge
Daingerneld looked discouraged. He was
helpless in- the face of the .lady's deter
mination -and Smith, who was on the
stand, looked sympathetically at the
court. Mrs. Smith's? "I won't" was ac
cepted as final by Judge Daingerneld and
when the time for adjournment came the
court announced -that the hearing would
not be again taken up until Monday. Mrs.
Smith smiled triumphantly.
When the case was called for hearing
yesterday morning the dialogue between
husband and wife, she being the inter
rogator, continued as follows:
"And your wife, this defendant, tried to
tear your clothes, did si»e?"
"i'es.she tried to cut my best suit to
pieces with a pair of shears."* % . •/
"Who prevented her?"
"I did.
"You d4d. How?"
"By - taking possession of my clothing
and locking it in a closet.
"You used force?"
"Yes, I seized you around the waist."
"Was it a loving embrace?"
"Oh, that's foolish."
"You say I hit you with a dish and cut
a gash two inches long?"
<Y Y/cs, that is what I said."
".Let me look at the wound."
"Oh, don't come so close," said Smith,
edging away, but Mrs. Smith hurried to
the witness chair, calmly examined her
husband's forehead and then exclaimed:
"I don't see any scar."
"Well, It is there," answered Smith.
"That's right. Stick to it," came the
answer. • ;
"Why did you keep all of those letters?"
"I knew that if I gave you rope
enough " .
"I would hang myself," Interrupting
and finishing the answer.
"Are you proud of the miserable ftpecta
cle you make on the witness stand?'"
Smith refrained from answering.
"Now, you said that I beat you on the
back with a horse whip when you were on
the floor with our son on top of you. Your
back was on the floor, and, as you say I
whipped you on the back, I want to know
how many backs you've got."
Art objection was sustained. .
"Havo you ever . received affectionate
letters— very fine letters of divorce-rfrom
mc7"
"No. You are incapable of writing a
fine or affectionate letter." . - .
"Did you ever beat one of your land
ladles?"
"Not that I remember," Smith
ansv/ered.
-¦ "Were you ever arrested for petty lar
ceny?'.' '
An objection was sustained, but Smith
offered an emphatic denial.
Finally Mrs. Smith ran Into ground
where all objections to her line of ques
tions was sustained; and she appealed to
Attorney Walker, who represents 1 her !
husband, to frame her a question. Mr.
Walker smillnsdy accommodated her. She
asked the question. Walker objected to it
and was sustained by the court.
With Hashing eyes she looked at Smith
arid sighed: • -
"Ah! If I only had some brains."
"Amen!" came a voice from the
benches, " and everybody . but Mrs. Smith
enjoyed a smile. •
"Is It not a fact," continued Mrs. Smith
"that you told this defendant that you
stole money out of the railroad safe— that
you took money from the safe and bought
stocks with it?"
, "It is not a fact," answered Smith,
serenely. •
"Did you not tell this defendant at one
time that- you couldn't -balance your
books, and 'was afraid the captain wouM
find it out?" .
"I- relieve your m'nd Is wandering,"
groaned the witness In reply. - -
"Now, you say in your complaint that I
accuse you of getting that dog. bite -on
your face- In a manner that- 1 cannot un
derstand. 'You will explain what you
mean in your complaint."
"I mean what I say in the complaint,"
answered Smith. , . , . ¦ ¦
VThat dog bite on your face," said Mrs.
Smith, turning to the court,- "was put on
your face as an identifying mark and a
mark of your r.Ins, and that is one of the
things about your face that makes th«
women in the miserable den you , visited
talk about how homely you are." '.
An expression of mingled pity and con
tempt was on the features of the. witness,
but he did nof answer.- An adjournment
until Monday morning was then ordered.
Hearing 1 arid Refuses to
Go On.
t ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ * ':•
• * . ' '
Shows Determined Temper When the
Court Suggests Completing the ,
Josephine Smith Continues
Her Baiting Line of
Examination.
NAGS HUSBAND
ABOUT A SCAR
ON HIS FACE
FINDS HUSBAND
AT NAPA ASYLUM
IN HIS COFFIN
Mary Nolan Tells How She
Was Deserted Twenty-
Five Years Ago.
»
Sees Announcement of His Death,
Applies For and Is Awarded
I/etters of Administration
on His Estate.
>
Twenty-flve years ago Jarnes Xolan de
serted his wife. Mary Xolan, in the East
and came to California. A few weeks
ago Mrs. Nolan looked upon, his face for
the first time in this quarter of a century
snd then his body reposed In a coffin at
the asylum for the insane at Napa. Yes
terday Judge Coffey granted Mrs. Nolan
letters of administration upon the JSOOO
estate of the deceased and she will at
once enter into possession.
A few days ag^o Mrs. Nolan flled her
petition for letters of administration upon
decedent'6 estate. Other heirs, represent
ed by Attorney Frank FalVon, opposed her
petition. The petition was called for hear
ing yesterday and Mrs. Nolan came Into
court to tell her story. She is a comely
appearing old lady and Tier venerable ap
pearance added weight to her dramatic
story as she recited it.
"When my husband and I were chil
dren." she said. "w<? knew each other in
Ireland. Finally our parents emigrated
to Ohio. When I was 17 years of age and
my huFband was 25 we were married and
nioved to St. Louis. In 1875 my husband
deserted me and my two children, John
F. and Thomas, and caraa West, I did
not know where at the time. Finally I
decided to lea\ - e my home and take up
a. residence in this State, and with my
children 1 Journeyed to San Francisco.
One day I took my children out to North
Beach and as w« passed near Telegraph
Hill I saw my husband leading: a horse
out cf a livery stai>le. I did not stop to
epeak to him. but iht. next day I decided
to eo end find him and ask him why he
had left us, but could find no trace of
him.
"I lately came into possession of a paper
that contained the news of the death of a
Joseph Nolan at Napa Asylum on Novem
ber SO and 1 decided to eo and eee If it
was n« my husband. I went to the asy
lum and there I found him in a coffin,
de?.d." '-"¦-¦.
FOUND ELIGEBLJE TO ACT
AS EXPERIENCED GLEBES
Civil Service Commission Announces
Those for Auditor and Board of
Public WoTks.
The Civil Ekrrice Commission announced
two eligible llstK yesterday. The flrst Is
that for experienced clerks In the office
of the Board of Public Works. The list
with the Individual percentages follows:
Jamefi T. Docahue, 95.95 per cent; "William
J. H. TVhite. 95; Israel Schwartz, 8J.7; John
B. Gartls-ad, f7.6; Jarnes B. Cowden. SS.4; John
C Xexrlands. S6.2; George M. Bowne, 8S.5; Isaac
I... B»>vexi». M^5: H. C. Kamuharson. S3.€; John
Hannan. 63.8: Mcleolm A. Fraser. 82.95; Wil
liam H. Grirnn. 82.1; Alexander A. HUdebrand,
SUB; Charles H. Tebfcs, 81.2; Mrs. E. F. von
Hatwrkorn. SO.T; E. B. Fauconspre, 78.7, and
llel^-ln E. Cmnmlnps, 77.S5.
Of the foregoing Gartland, Newlands,
Bpvans, Grifiin and Cummings are em
rlnved in th-5 office. As only eight names
will be certlflcaied by the commission for
the six positions. Griffin and Cummings
may fail of reappointment.
The eligible list for clerks In th« Audi
tor's office follows:
Daniel F. Mahi-r, 9S.D; Solomon A. Rafael.
$2 *; Mllee V»\ Mclntosh. 81.K; XathaJy E.
lltlson. S5.K; Heory Inrwersoa. 66.85; John O.
ticibert Jr., fi.2; Horace I* Crocker, W; J. B.
Z* v ;s Jr.. S3.7: Lewi* Booker. S2.3. and Asa H.
•U'elle, T5.7S.
Of these Rafael, Maison, Ingwarson,
I^piberc and Crocker are now employed in
the Auditor's office, and are certain of re
a ripolrtment.
WORKMEN'S NARROW
ESCAPE FROM DEATH
— — '? • ' ' -
Galvanizing Fluid Blows Up and Is
Scattered Over a Dozen Men.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; 'DECEMBER 21, 1900.
After remaining all night In the Jury
room, the Jury, in the case of HIpolite
Pedro Cadot, charged with having: em
bezzled -$124 67 from the firm of Sussrnan,
Wormser & Co., was discharged by Judge
Dunne yesterday morning, the Jury being
unable to agree.
Jurors Sit TJp All Night.
14
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
HOUSE.
nl A HOLIDAY
psszt\- On y
MsS GIFT!
v^^^ We have 25 other
p^»X^| . Yarieties.
%$^k3I our new goods
¦ have arrived,
10 per cent o« Now Is your
f on Cash. time to select.
a~~~ "THIS DESK
Is <o!id Oat,
Birdseye Maple
or Birch.
It will pay you
to call and in-
spect our new
goods.
Offirso.30. AU goods narksd ia
10 per cent off pl&ia figurss. 10 p^
• Sor Cash. cento ff for caai.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
OPPOSITE TAYLOR ST.
OPEN EVENINGS-
'•BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I S A -GREAT- RESTORATIVE. IN'VIGORA-
1 : tor and Nervine. " .. '. . „
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic 'fcr the S«xual Organs, for. both, sexes.
The Mexican. Remedy tor Diseases of tha Kld-
neym and Bladder. Sell* on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS A BRUXE. Agents.
J23 Market gt.. 3. F.— <3end for, Circular*.)
DR. MCNULTY.
n^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RRLI.A RLE OLD
A SpeciaJUtc«r<!»Bloo«lPofc«on.t;onorrho3>».GIeet,
Strlctori-, S*ml!!»l WeaJcness*. Impotence »nU tbetr
allied Dt.«or<l»rs. Roclc or* Diseasps Ot Men, f roe
OverCOyearV'xpcr'enee. Terms reasonably Hour*
9to3daliy :6:30to3. ZOev'gs. SandAVs, 10 to n. O>n.-a:l-
Uition free andsac redly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOG 3IeXlTIVrY. M. D.
2«>,' lirarny st, San Francisco, Csl.
ADVERTISKMENTS.
Dinner Sets
Beautiful Porcelain.
. Pure White and Decorated
in Flower Sprays and Gold.
Latest thing in shapes. Sin-
gle pieces sold as well.
Sets for Four
Sets for Six
¦ Sets for Twelve
Wild Rose Decoration
Garland Decoration
Flower Spray Deco-
rations, Many other
Decorations
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Great American IiDDorti^E Tea Col
}:CITY 6T15RE8.
; 210 Grant A ve., bet. Post and Snttex*
861 Market St., opp." Powell.
140 sixth eu "';;; MiePoiket.-
112 Third St.- 1819 Devisadero 8t.
146 Ninth St. • 2OO8 Fill more St.
80O6 Sixteenth St.' 621 Montgomery aW
2516 Mlwlon St. S2S5 Mission St.
:rO8 L'arkln St. . , 2732 24th St.
BBS Hayes St. , A7S Halftht St.
'-';? '"¦ '¦¦• f''y H .6a,M«rkot8t. ¦ ' ' ¦ '\
1OAKLAND 8T0RBS.
IO83 Washington St '. 1237. Broadway. -
;il85 23rd Are. .;..,T 61Q e. !2thSt. ".f •
: 1810 Seventh St.
'ALAMEDA— lasJS Park St.
; 6AJS R APAEL-B 8t«, ; near Fourth, . .
f "¦ ADVEBTISKMENTS. ._ -
g///il[ai y JSIrnli ///l^^^^\?S&\ Vw(i /fir ' * 9 S^i\
Bra. _ Tt^^t*v** i mm I 1 I l/fisy^x^SSr n f \ C G C\ ' ** «.*¦•¦•*••-•¦»•• .••••.•••-•-----.- ••--•-••••--».*.»«t****' i? ** j9^
{Mr re-eminent Values in Acceptable Christmas Wonders Never Cease
SS Our Le.ither Goods Offerings in Ladies' at Rosenberg's. J£j
i 'fiEa r\ +~~~~4- nKInnctAnn 60 ° yard3 ALL-SILK DOUBLE *
! i Department. Kninestone faced satin ribbon- in an the k^?j
1 Vj^Sa ' r CHILDREN'S C r\tr\\\c new shades; a ribbon our competl- f5?*i %
I BTW ~*J±.jnMJjmSF\ C H A T E - iyOnlUS. .-tors ask double our price for: Mt£a
D^, LAINE BAG rttmt mMpq mofl. nf h M » nml Width 40.... 17c Width 60 — 23c *H«3
' Vfi made of best lty i taJlan 6he il, set with Rhine- r WH NPI O V l,t th« thl v V
ZMm P? 1 " 1^ leather j fctones, in the new curved shapes; 5" nr N^i nv i-^t ' J i-.~l A >i
W^i^^^^a " vtted st^ a comb that will stay in the hair; for fano luC fiLgS
J» i&WBBgSfggl frame, sued© well u, ade and be3l sm0 oth finish. \prkwPrir 4£sTi
MfW ..^ m *^^^^ m^ lined and hand- Only GOc nc^rvrrcui •
km , *i , sewed. K x - - ••;••¦•¦¦¦¦¦•••• • Our neckwear department la j^S
AU tr Ai, r o^ na L r lDi a E^ 9 CH^TiiLAtNE \ Handkerchiefs. already athrill with the holi-
m nn A e1; , B0Xed # **? W
I IWl pocket, good, strong hook. Our place of special values on eclipse every former etrorc \?( t>
8 UDirs"oW\Vii"fNTTiVi 5 v single handkerchiefs, the in- That means we sell better Jgc
purse and pocket 'BOOK, terest is multiplied six fold. neckwear, more neckwear and -{gjp
• •JL* '??**?¦ °^ 6COd nuality alligator. Theso half-dozen prices stt charge less for It than ever be- grm
jfi&p* lined and machine sewed, riveted ¥
iSLmr steel frame ; worth double the price a new pace. lore. 4«^d
IX » we ask 7,-»c _ rwr^_ GENTS' HAND- CRUSH STOCK £££•-*}
AfL Nothing is more stylish, ff£ r *&JL KERCH IEF9. jg&i&^l- AND TIE com- Wiiu"^
t^» chic and natty than a touch of |^ "> gg- of j& tje,t §§*&§ S*eV£ M '
gold braid on a costume, con- *|« ette, hand inlt- corded and tucked.
sequently nothing gives the &<^U^ iSSity^b^ ' Sk* * $£?$?& M
requisite finish to a costume as ¦<&• ery E nk, hem- l/tfwRa 25c iTW
does a eold belt P P stitched. Rosen- f#JiH& .EXCELLENT k\
' ' T^rw- rftto m .'4. rf : w i» 1 I berg's price 10c MMm VALUES IN CHE- |A^r
LAUlfcb BELTS, made of best ft it il t a f>tt- c ; > ma vd- liri;i-#fi| 3 V1T T P p t p v q b!HSI*U
— >iit slide Our specfar ......S1.35 ua/ , ty Belfast la^llce^nd S? M (ffiUl hS^^ T&A
mB A GlOVe Surprise. R r^ r A^ a Ai% te( lt b A^v f ?S /PH» nUle. with, Liberty. *t&®
f ma __ „ ,, . . , , - ONE. OF OUR JIAM sINCiLt. A VVvA IMk » taffeta or mousaa- \i-»r?^.
Perfection of stock and fin- ¦ SPECIALS. * '5ftBr^ " Una romblnatlonl:
ish, correctness of form and .LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, " ! "* eight rope chenllla JSsJr
™-w « o -vi nM +v o * i,-ii« + : made of good Belfast lawn, with strands to a Bide. An article not V> /**L*
price, markings that nelp to imitation Duchess lace edges. Our be equaled at $4: oursp«cial.«ii.OS T^W
economy are the features of our epeclat attraction v-v^ 7< i ALSO LADIES' NECK RUCHES. />?
e-lov*. a.t all time* OTHERS, lace and embroidered made of best fast black Liberty / $
g-iove selling ax an times. pdges, made of good lawn 17c silk, with accordcon pleated ends: ,. La
But now the glove man sur- EXTRA SPECIAL. very full; astonishingly low. SI. Ol) © *TSf
¦r^oooo v,i_ M » 6 500 dozen LADIES' HANDKER- - y> ' C, lon n P t OP c Jw*&
passes himself . . CHIEFS, made of best Belfast OOSe OUpporterS .
JBb, '^C> LADIES' GLOVES, Jawn, hemstitched, hand initialed. Lower in price and better In qual- JW^-a
*|ri— -rtlfl made of best quality Just think; only DC lty than ever. . flr
«WS=S4fl P Italian kid. soft and ¦- ¦ • • _ LADIES' GARTERS, made of &J&
"^® * II I Plinblo, fancy stitch- In OUT BattenDerQ UC- ver>- best fiuallty elastic, siik cor<1- «r^j-
If etVl.ack. two clasp. w " Z* . y , ed and frilled, belt of best French »Kj£S
l(jy air sizes and colors; nartment bO8Cia'5. sateen, fancy clover-leaf buckle of -* a «S7
equal to any $150 ""!?"!«*£?- K German metal, rubber grip button. *»y
glovo on the market. Rosenberg's Make ' pl^asant<*r reading than all colox3. Rosenberg's way ot rell- v©Jy^
P a1^0" "LADIES' ¦aLOVES made dry details of stock. Take the ¥v$
SflteKff ba F c^ ie t h wo m S; coffi! ' f °/ /^If " "' H ° W m^ 7 "* hMTd M
black, gray, mode and brown. The best and fullest). to Ba _ «jj- q moro gUk petti- j9HV
small store's price Sl.QO »^<l_-> . BATTEN- „„«?¦##«. -mo »» TXThtr9 "TU»ran<*«» w t j
another- LADIES' GLOVE^ berg coats f or me. Why? Because "ElA
made of best quality Russian SQUARES, taffeta wears so poorly. Give Tj&Ey
leather, sn^nr-polnt back, one clasp. V^-r^^^^tiM, made of all- „„-,¦, j __ -v ow vo u V&'$~7
for durability, nt and finish these Wf 'WL linen braid, us a call and we will snow you *2&pf
gloves have no equal. Highly spe- J&\ • f^ solid Batten- something' that looks, just a3 \^n
clal •: • 81.00 Mfo ;^ W^ berg, 13^ In., jjch as silk, is less expensive h A
JuSt a Word About Un- @i * \* o'AoliSal o*I and wears three times better. %£&?
r(oru/aar - v.- 1 . " Qvj^ i"* ferine 45c ' LADIES* J£i£i1|
aerwear. siv^^Wf^v AJ-^Pa^^; skirts, mad* MX
LADIES' VESTS made of QS«SK<5'\$AMi*J} TENBERO /yXiV of very best 7Y*\
, ,,, ¦ ,,, , ... , ¦ * SQUARES, 13 //fiflu Ji auallty silk mo- \ n.3
good quality silk, Swiss ribbed, JncheBf n6n a made.» of all-Unen l£*Jp£p&Q reen, with wldn P5ttb?
low neck, no sleeves, neck and bra!<1, solid Battenbertr, all fancy !^SJ7'\^.\ satin stripo. v>V^
arm-slzetoished with crochet- Jtttdje^ M-t be s^en to be^p- %
ing of silk thread and drawn SassPsi&liLKjri uatin s accordc- V J£&
.through with tape. Colors- rae% -~ pi . lf% --m ""^Sl^^gl nomine? 1 VdV^ %f
tun*. pink, blue and crsam. To be IflrnnOfZASDLOP JG^HSaZS* 1 * w1th mchinff of f^Lilpf
m jold^the unheard of price- J|J H 0 5 C 11 D C H U ISVSEvS
w ladies' empire .back 816 Market Street, e hkJ?l!?3[ 0 &2 ! j 1
A Rnnnbg through to 11 0T«»ll St. ffl "g^ J^
riveted rhinestones; excellent va!- ° 6 skirts at low pracle P^ce^^
JHy^> llcs *5Oc Mall Orders Solicited. »4.O^ y>^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARTIN
Is the name that stands for ex-
cellence in
Guitars and Mandolins.
The name is plainly burned in
tne inside.
2£ABTnr models are closely
imitated, but neveT equaled.
If you -want the best you must
purchase a MARTIN.
FOB. SALE ONLY BY
CLARK WISE & CO.
Cor. Geary and Grant Avc.
WEBER PIANO AGENCY.
Catalogue Free.
BREWERS, TAKE NOTICE
PARTITION SALE UNDER ORDER OF
COURT.
Tne Mueblebach Brewery, lands and bnllfi-
lr-tm, as complete tor their nurpoee as any in
the United State*, will b« told at public auc-
tion before the Courthouse in Kansas Cltj*. Mo
on the M flay of January. 39C1. This property
is eaally worth C90.000 or more, and In an prob-
ability there ""ill b« a speculation of not less
than 140.000 profit to the fortunate purchaser.
A better location, buildinps and grounds for
Lrewery purposes cannot be found, and large
profits have always been made at the brewery.
Term 1-3 cash, balance In equal payments,
to cne and two years, at 6 per cent per annum
tntwrat. Purchaser has the privilege of pay.
tne as much cash above one-third as he de-
rires, and may pay off delayed payments at
mry time. Address JOHJC O. WTJEHL.EBACH,
£321 Tracy are.. Kansas City Uo
The "DAKH" RECLINING CHAIR
A Handsome Christmas jpmZgjiW
resent. fSfT^titKtM
Easy and Cornfo»table. /wj^^y
Price $15. Come and see it*
W. A. SCHRpCK,
19 New Mont tome ry Street.