What course the--Frcnch Government
will adopt In the matter no one here
It was with genuine surprise to the rep
resentatives of foreign governments and
Washington officials generally when they
learned this morning that the Board of
Ordnance and Fortifications in the War
Department believed it had enough in
formation to enable It to build practically
the same gun as that used by the French.
It was on a charge of having revealed
to Germans- some features of an earlier
type of this gun that Captain Dreyfus
was sentenced to Imprisonment on Devil's
Island.
The French field artillery la admitted
ly In advance of that of an7 other gov
err.mer.t 5n the world. There have been
Important features about the guns and
their carriages that .have been for sev
eral years kept secret from the other
powers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Nov. 1L—
Have the carefully guarded secrets of th«
French Wax Office been revealed to the
United States? This Is a question which
le being asked In Washington to-night,
as the result of a publication this morn-
Ing of Information that an agent of the
United States War Department had ob
tained such exact and detailed knowledge
of the plans for the new French field gun
as to enable him to build such a gun for
the United States.
General Andre will probably be called
In the French Chamber of Deputies to
tell what he knews of the plans having
been obtained by Americans.
It Is probable that the guns have been
so made that no one workman knows the
whole secret. Whenever the weapons
have been taken out in maneuvers they
have been carefully covered. Every pre
caution, in fact, supposedly had been
taken to prevent any country from learn
ing this most precious secret of the War
Office. *
It was a genuine surprise even in
France three years ago when the Min
ister of War announced that the army
had been practically rearmed and ita
field artillery was superior to that of any
country in the world.
No secret In the French military history
has been so closely guarded as that of
the new field gun. The first knowledge
that such a gun had been perfected came
when the details of the Dreyfus trial
were made public and it was learned that
ths principal charge against the lieuten
ant was that he had offered to sell the
plans of the "120 court," the technical
name for the weapon.
knows. Several dvillze.l governments
maintain military and naval attaches at
the capitals of other powers for the ex
press purpase of learning all that Is pos
sible about the armament of the countries
to which they are accredited.
spoils, a heavy, confused sea running. Baro- :
meter ••till falling. Shortened sail to lower
topsails. Blowing a heavy gale. Decks full of
water and ship laboring heavily. Hauled ship
to the'wind'on' the port tack. Sea and wind
increasing rapidly. At 1 a. m. pn the 6th the
lower topsails blew away, ship laying down
with main hatch In water. Tarpaulins washed
off. Got them secured with great difficulty.
Washed away lee boats, life boat and pinnace.
Gutted starboard forecastle, half-deck lamp
locker and filled cabin and sail locker, and
everything portable about the deck wm washed
away.
At 4 a. m. blowing a hurricane-, with ter
rific eea. Cut away mlzzen topmast. Tried to
get ship before the wind. Would not move.
Cut away main and fore masts and payed part
of hawser out on port bow. Used oil to keep
eea down. All hands cutting away wreck. Now
moderating. Bent a mainsail. Hauled In haw
ser and kept away to the north to put back.
On the 8th bent foresail and set crossjack.
and lashed pieces of spars for Jury fore and
main topmasts. Made yards and set a top
crab sail on each. .Had light northeast and
east winds to 35 north. After two days light
airs and calms. Got northwest to southwest
winds fresh to 3S north, 127 west, then irot
light couth to southeast winds to Faralloncs.
Encountered the hurricane in latitude IS
north, longitude 125 west. Barometer registered
28.60 In hurricane.
ANGLESEY IN TROUBLE.
Overdue Bri£isher Had a Hard Time
of It.
"When almost given up as lost and with
20 per cent reinsurance being paid on her
by the underwriters the British ship
Anglesey made port early yesterday
morning. Captain Lewis eays that the
long voyage was due to adverse winds.
On July 20 last she was struck by a heavy
squall, which carried away the foretop
mast. Continuing his account of the trip
September 22— Sailed from San Francisco in
tow of the tug Reliance. Captain Scott, pilot
In charge. Wind moderate from the north
west and increasing. 'Off Point Bonita blow
ing a whole gale, with heavy short sea. Decks
full of water; cabin flooded. At 2 p. m. tug
warks, but it lapped over the main hatch
and tore the tarred canvas . from it. It
reached up to the davits and rent' the
boats from their fastenings and Whirled
them away into the smother of spray and
foam, and It rushed Into cabins and lock
ers and storerooms and dragged out sails
and clothing and furniture and every
thing it could clutch with its clammy
hands. For three days the Flintshire
fought the wind and sea. Her topmasts
were cut away to ease her and the fierce
hurricane tore away her sails, but she
kept afloat, and when it was over new
canvas was bent upon the stumps that
once stood bo tall, and she limped home
to make ready for another start for Eng
land.
The Anglesey had nearly as bad a time
after rounding the Horn on her way here.
Storms whistled around her, and the cold
blasts coming up from the south froze the
men until one of them nearly lost both his
hands. An able seaman fell from the up
per foretopsail yard to the deck, dislo
cating his hip and his kneecap, and then
another. leES lucky, fell from the plunging
Jibboom while he was loosening the jib
and the waves swallowed him. lie was
seen struggling In the water as the ship
slipped past and two life buoys were
thrown to him. A boat was lowered, too,
but when It got to where the man had
fallen he was Kone. His epitaph Is In the
log— "Xame Edward Mooney, native of
Ireland, aged 09 years."
This Is the log of the Flintshire:
Washington Officials in Possession of Closely Guarded
Secrets of the Paris W2r Office.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AMERICA CAN DUPLICATE
FRANCE'S NEW FIELD GUN
THK Flintshire and the Anglesey
passed in throueh the Go'den
Gate yesterday, the one dismast
ed, like a bird with its wings
, broken, the other battered and
storm-beaten und months overdue, with
spars and pear intact but with flag at
half-mast and one man less to answer at
"all hands." They brought two tales of
the sea, told in the simple language of the
log, but throwing a flood of light on the
furies of the ocean and the brave fight a
gt>od ship well handled can make for ita
life.
As a vessel lies at the wharves It Is hard
to believe how the water can rush In over
its sides and It still can force its way on
ward, but In the car-e of the Flintshire
not only did the water roll in over the bul-
let gro hawser. Could not keep ahead of ship.
Kept ship away. No chance to discharge pilot.
Decks full of water when crossing the bar.
Jib. main topmast, skysall and mlzzen topsail
split. Ship got a heavy list to port.
September U — 7 a. m., moderating. Set up
per tODsaila and hauled In for the land to en
deavor to land pilot. 7- p. m. sighted San
Luis Oblspo light. Shortened down to lower
topsails and hauled oft the land. At 3 a. m.
a steamer hove in sight. Signaled her and put
the pilot on board. 3 a. m. took boat in and
made all sail and proceeded on the voyage.
Wind northwest to north northwest. Had
northwest to north winds to 26 degrees north,
after which f ot east winds to October 6, 13
north. 1.24 west. The weather then became
unsettled, the barometer falling. On the night
of the Eth the sky became overcast with
dark jello\y clouds and ' dark red patches Ir
For Two Days the Flintshire Fought a Hurrieahe, While
the Waves Swept Over Her and Her Masts Went by
the Board— Severe Storms Detain the Anglesey and
She Loses One Seaman, Who Falls From the Jibboom
BOERS LOSE TWO OF
THEIR NOTED CHIEFS
IN BELFAST BATTLE
Special Dispatch to The Call
CAPE TOWN. Nov. 11.— Among
the Eoers who were killed in
the recent fighting near Bel
fast were General Fourie and
Commandant Prinzloo.
PRETORIA, Nov. IL-Reports have
b*cn received here showing that the plan
of campaign that has now been decided
upon by the Eoers contemplates bavins
each commando defend the district In
which It was raised. Each commando
numbers from COO to COO men.
Some of the commandants have estab
lished a reign of terror among the more
peaceful burghers and a number of thevi
are coining into British camps for protec
tion. Or.e burgher cam* Ir.to Grcylinrj
6tad with his back badly lacerated from
a sjamboking administered to him by the
commandant of that district.
The British have reoceupied Ph'.lopolls
after four hours' fighting-. General
French will take command of the Johan
nesburg district.
Colonel Lessard of the Canadians ar.<!
Canadian artillery did magnificent fight
ing with General Smith-Dorri«ri in re
pulsing a desperate attack made by the
Boors on the British rear guard.
Details o? General French's march show
that the Boers in the districts he visitel
are rot yet conquered. A force of about
1400 burghers attacked him every morn-
Ing, sr.iping- his men and harassing hi3
f.ar.ks. Great credit is due to General
French's force that It got through. Gen
eral Pafeet is at Rusterberg at present.
General Grobler. the Boer commander, is
moving south.
It Is reported that General Schoeman
and others, who attempted tr> negotiate
with the British, are in Jail a.t Pieter3
burg. Ferving varicus terms of>mpr!so!i
xnent. Information received from recent
prisoners shows that Boers ere still ac
curately informed as to British move-
Miss Roberts, the dn-jghter of General
Roberts, who Is suffering from enteric
fever. Is making normal progress.
The funeral of Prinre Christian Victor.
gTandson of the Queen, who died her?
from enteric fever, took place on Novem
ber 8. Minute puns began firing at 10
a. m.. when the cortege left the Yeoman
ry Hospital, and continutHl- during tha
funeral. The route was lined with a
guard of honor, consisting of the men of
the Ncrfolks and Hants regiments. Rep
resentatives of all of the forces were pres
ent. Including detachmer.ts of colonial
troors. mounted infantry, cavalry, artil
lery and the medical and army service
corps. The pail-bear**! :> w ere all generals.
General Roberts, Prince Francis of Teck,
General Kitchener and all of Geroral Rob
erts' staff present in Pretoria followed the
body. At the cathedral Rev. Mr. Rose,
chaplain of the Australians, received tho
body. The chief mourners and a number
of the ordinary congregation filled tho
bu'Ming-. The service was choral. Rev.
Mr. Cox, chaplain of the Canadians, read
the lesson. Rev. Mr. Wilfon, senior chap
lain at Pretoria, and other clergy were
present.
After the services at the church the
proccr-slon reformed In the church squara
and marched to the cemetery a mile west
of town. At the grave Rev. Mr. Maurice.
Rev. Mr. Jones and Rev. Mr. Mullir.eaux
conducted the burial cervlce. The guards
then flred a royal salute, which was fol
lowed by three volleys over the gTave.
The Queen sent a wicath of lilies and
carnations. Another beautiful wTeath
bore a card inscribed "From his mother "
The Prir.ce ~was buried here by the
Queen's command, she desiring to fulfill
h5s own expressed wish. The scene at the
grave was very Impressive. The Prince Is
buried close to the graves of many of the
soldiers who fell here.
General Fourie and Commandant Prinzloo
Numbered Among the Slain— Burghers
Decide Upon a New Plan of Cam
paign to Harass Their British Foes.
TWO SHIPS THAT BATTLED
WITH THE SEA AND CAME
HOME TO TELL THE TALES
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXX^m-NO. 165.
SAN .FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1900.
THREE MONTHS OF
HARD WORK BEFORE
SENATE AND HOUSE
Reapportionment Under the New Census
and Isthmian Canal Legislation Two
Of the Most Important Questions to Come
Up During the Short Winter Season.
that body at 2 o'clock. December 19. Sen
ator Morgan secured unanimous consent
to this special order on the closlngvlay of
the Ions session and he will be on hand
December 10 to insl.-t on the Senate tak
ing up the car.al bill. The bill will not
be passed without much debate. In fact,
it will not be passed until the Senate has
taken some action on the Hay-Pauncefots
treaty.
The Hepburn canal bill Ignores the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty and before> it can
become a law that treaty must be modi
fied as In the Hay-Pauncefote treaty or
by formal abrogation. The administra
tion will press the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty for ratification as the best and
wisest modification of tha old treaty,
which prevents this Government from
constructing and running an interoceania
canal across the Isthmus. The State De
partment has been engaged In negotia
tions with Nicaragua Vor a new concession
and will report to Congress, but no indi
cation has yet been given as to the suc
cess of this effort.
There will be a bill for the reorganiza
tion of the arniy. This Is one of the ne
cessities in the way of legislation. The
present army of nearly 100,000 men will
be reduced to 27,000 men after June 30 un
less some provision i3 made for continuing?
it at a larger figure between now and the
close of the fiscal vear.
The present army bill Is only a tempor
ary makeshift, both as to increase of the
regular organization and the volunteers.
It provides for these Increases until Juno
30. 1901. and after that date the array shall
be reduced to the old establishment of 27.
000 men.
The report of General MacArthur shows
that a considerable force must be kept In
the Philippines for some time to come.
To provide for that force there must b«
legislation between now and June 30. as
on July 1 next the larger part of the army
In the Philippines will have to be dis
charged and sent home. If such legisla
tion is> .not enacted by the Fifty-sixth,
Congress before March 4, the Fifty-sev
enth Congress must be called in extraor
dinary session soon after that data to pas*
the army reorganization bill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS."WELL
INGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON. Xov. 11.— The short ses
sion of the Fifty-sixth Ccngres3,
which will begin on December 3
and continue until March 4. will have a
number of very important bills up for
consideration and the uncompleted work
probably will compel the President to call
an extra . session of the Fifty-seventh
Congress early next year, possibly on
March 15. Appropriation bills will have
the right of way at the short session and
as these must be passed before the close
of the session or Congress fall to provide
for government. Chairman Cannon in the
House and Chairman Allison in the Sen
ate will take no chances by allowing gen
eral legislation to endanger bills pre
pared by the committees on appropria
tions. These bills will monopolize a goocl
part of the three months of the session.
There are two bills which must be con
sidered outside of appropriation bills.
These must provide f or a basis of reap
portlonment under the new census, and
for the reorganization of the army. Ap
portionment under tlfe new census la
obligatory. The constitution requires
that the apportionment of Represent
atives accordirs to population must be
made within ten years from the date of
the last apportionment. The Fifty-first
Congress made the last apportionment at
the short sesslcn In February, 1S9L
This makes it necessary that the Fifty
sixth Congress should make a new appor
tionment. The census returns are ready,
and Congressman Hopkins of Illinois, as
chairman of the Census Committee, will
have a bill prepared to apportion the Rep
resentatives so as not to increase the
membership of the House. The present
apportionment is one Representative for
every 173,901 persons. The increase In pop
ulation will make necessary an Increase in
the population for each Repre
sentative. It will be increased to about
200,000, as that will keep the membership
of the House about as it now la la num
bers.
The Nicaragua bill, which passed the
House last May, is before the Senate and
by special order it will be taken up in
PRESIDENT AT WORK ON
MESSAGE TO CONGRESS
Wiil Recommend That the Army Be Maintained at Its
Present Strength During Philippine War.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
References to Porto Rico and Cuba in
the message are largely of an historic na-
The question of. warship construction
has not been fully determined upon by
the Navy Department. Exports have pre
pared an elaborate programme for. naval
increase, but Secretary Long is expected
to recommend to the president the build
ing of some gunboats only, which recom
mendation the President will adopt in his.
message. An increase in the enlisted
Strength of the navy and marine corps
be recommended to meet the require
ments of ships now being built.
Congress will be asked to provide an
army equal to the present force so long as
the Philippine war continues, and to legis
late for a material reduction as soon as
the conflict Is over.
NEW YORK, Nov. ll.-The "World has
the following from "Washington: Presi
dent McKInley Is busily engaged in the
preparation of his message to Congress.
The President will tell Congress this Gov
ernment was confronted by a very serious
problem in China, but that all danger of
embarrassing complications has passed.
Attention will be called to the fact that
harmony has been maintained between
the United States and- the other powers
in dealing with the problem, and that
there Is every Indication that the differ
ences between China and the powers are
in a fair way to satisfactory adjustment,
with honor to this country. The President
will call the attention of Congress to
many acts of bravery and gallantry dis
played by sailors and soldiers incidental
to the relief of the American legation in
Peking, with recommendations for suit
able rewards.
ture. Congress will be advised of tha es
tablishment of a civil government In tha
former island, and of the election of a
constitutional convention la the '.after for
the purpose of laying the groundwork for
a scheme of government. "When the con
stitutional convention la Cuba shall ha.v*
concluded its labors a message will be sent
to Congress by the President dealing wltb
that subject.
The President in tha forthcoming mes
sage will recommend legislation for th«
building np of American shipping, but!
will not commit himself to a specific plan.
He will point with pride to the condition
of the treasury and recommend that Con
gress relieve the bnrden of war taxes If
It be found advisable to amend exist
ing laws.
On the subject of trusts the Present
will renew his recommendation to Co:v
gress to give the subject careful consider
atlon.
It is believed the President will renei*
his recommendations for an Isthmian
waterway without committing 1 himself ta
any particular route, and will call at
tention to the need of cable commnntca
tlon between this Government and its po»»
sessions In the Pacific.
The President will put befor<» Congress
the modus vlvendl with Great Britain as
to the Alaskan boundary and will Inti
mate that this agreement should settla
the contention for a number of years at
least.
There will be the usual reference to tha*
friendly relations existing between this
Government and the powers of the world
and Information relative to the status of
claims by th!s. Government against for
eign governments.
BRYAN ASPIRES TO BE
BEATEN A THIRD TIME
Will Oppose Any Reorganization of the Democracy That
'Would Leave Him Out in the Cold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It has been gossip among Bryan's as
sociates that he intended to start on th«
warpath for the third battle soon after *
the election in ca3e he failed to mako tha
Presidency. It was said that he had him
self expressed the opinion that he could
not take the Senatorship during tha com
ing four years, because ho would be a
"very busy man."
This programme for a third race for
the nomination has not apparently been
changed by the size of tho adverse ma
jority and the virtual decision of tha
Eastern Democrats to rear up and set
control of the party machinery.
LINCOLN. Nebr.. Nov. 11.— Mr. Bryan
has his mind made up., With the return
of good humor has come renewed confi
dence. Any plan of reorganization of the
Democratic party that does not include
Bryan is certain to enlist his tremendous
energies In opposition. He said to-day
that he would remain in Lincoln and de
vote his time to magazine and special
writing and to lecturing. He said he
had not the least idea of retiring from
politics, and whether as a leader or a
private he proposed to continue his labors
on behalf of Democracy-
Captain Lewis "says:
' On the following day w*. had another squall
of the same character. Neither of the squalls
lasted over ten minutes, nor was there any
Indications of the approach given till the ship
was struck. August 4. 47 south. 63 west, blow
ing a stiff gale. While stowing the upper fore
topsail an able seaman lost his hold of the
yard and fell to the deck, dislocating his left
hip and kneecap and receiving a severe shaking
up. ' The hip was soon replaced, but the knee
cap was not bo easily managed.
August 7— Passed Staten Island. The land
was very thickly covered with ' snow— thicker
than I have ever observed before. When clear
or the land n*t the west rales blowing with
terrific force at times. Lout one of our men
overboard. He was employed loosening the
jib. missed, his hold and fell into the water.
Xame Edward Mooney, native of Ireland, agea
69 years. Life buoys were thrown to him and
a boat lowered, with considerable resistance
to boat on account of the high seas, though
the wind had gone down. Oil was used when
lowering the boat, which seemed to have con
siderable effect, keeping the wax-es from break-
Ing. After a prolonged search' for the unfor
tunate man the boat returned, having foann
the two life buoys which had been thrown to
ward him as the ship passed. One of the
buoys was not more 'than six feet from him.
He tried to reach the buoys, but H was soon
seen that. he could not swim: In fact, he was
seen to go down a few moments after he .fell
Into the water. Every possible effort was
made to save him.
Another of our men had the misfortune of
havinjj^three fingers of both hands frostbitten.
Fortunately he recovered the use of his hand ¦
when we got Into fine weather, and Is now
all right and Is open to an engagement In the
way of taminir lions.
This is the longest time ; I have ever made
to San Francisco. My last voyage was 116 days
from Swansea.,' .
The Flintshire and Anglesey are both
In the stream awaiting a chance to dock.
Continued on Second Page.
YARMOUTH, N. 8.. Nov. 11.—
The shore of this country : for
ten miles east and west Is
strewn with the wreckage of
the hull and cargo of ' the
steamer City of Montlcello, which found
ered on Saturday morning, and twenty
five bodies of victims of the disaster have
been recovered from the sea, which is
still raging with terrific fury.
Many people have assembled at Rock
vllle, near where the first body came
ashore, and numerous relatives of mem
bers of the crew, who nearly all belong
to points on this coast, have arrived to
identify the dead. The bodies were ar
ra/iged in a room in the public hall and
the Coroner, who held an Inquest, gave
an opinion of accidental drowning. • All
the bodies are terribly battered.
The first , waa found at daylight,' when
the zinc lifeboat which was ; supposed !by
tha survivors of the : first ' boat ' to \ have
been swamped, wa» . discovered , 'on ." the
shore. A few yards 'distant '-' were the
bodies of Mr. Eldrldge. a passenger; Sec
ond Engineer Poole, Mr. Fr'pp, a trav
eler, of St. John, N. B., and that of. a
seaman. All four had lifebelts around
them. At short intervals along the beach
eleven more bodies were found. They
had all evidently come ashore in
the lifeboat and were killed on striking
the beach, not one escaping. The> re
mains so far Identified, In addition to the
four enumerated above, are:
„ JOHNSON, deckhand
VAN RENENBERG. deckhand.
AUSTIN WICKENS. deckhand. -
. JAMES COLT, deckhand, v^- ;
JOHN E. WHITEMORE. deckhand.
WINSLOW RINGER, deckhand.
DAVID BENHAM. deckhand.
CAPTAIN, T.M. HARDING, the com
mander/f* :'. .. ¦ ; _._,
N. W. MURPHY, of Yarmouth/, aecon-1
officer. ,' >- .-:vC; - .:--*v,;
; N/ C; HOPKINS; chl»f sUrward.
CHARLES GERIG, chief
HERBERT POOLE, second engineer.
SWEN JOHNSON, quartermaster.
STANLEY RINGER, oiler.
ROBERT NICKERSON, deckhand.
LEVI NICKERSON, waiter. *;
WYNNE. VANENBERG. cook.
FRED VANENBERG, cook.
WALTER CUNNINGHAM, waiter.
AUSTIN WICKENS, waiter.
DAVID BENHAM, deckhand.
HAROLD, COPELAND, deckhand.
ELSIE McDONALD, passenger.
THOMAS C. JOHNSON, passenger.
J. C. FRIPP. passenger.
O. W. . COLEMAN, passenger.
JOHN RICHMOND, passenger.
. RUPERT OLIVE, steward.
A. E.' SELDRIDGE, / passenger.
ISAAC H. WILSON, baggage master.
One naan, unidentified.
v The watches' in v the pockets of two of
the men stopped at 12:45 and 12:25 o'clock
respectively.--
The .- body ; of -'. Captain * Harding: of , the
Nova Scotian Shore Strewn With Wreckage of the Steamship and
Grief-Stricken People Ssarch for Relatives Among the Dead.
SEA CASTS UP BODIES OF TWENTY-FIVE
VICTIMS OF THE MONTICELLO DISASTER
NEW YORK. Nov. ll.-Rev. Dr. Park
hurst says a syndicate of wealthy men
proposes starting in New York a news
paper that will tell the truth; a newspa
per that will print all the news; a news
paper that cannot be swayed by adver
tisers or business: a newspaper of limit
less enterprise and without fear; a news
paper that will lead public opinion; a
newspaper that people will believe; a
newspaper beyond the reach of oatrona«re
—In short, an ideal Journal that no party
can buy end no Interest intimidate, print
ing all the great news of the world and
telling the absolute truth, regardless of
friends or foes, business office or Wall
street, without pandering or padding.
In a frank discussion of the subject. Dr.
Parkhurst eaid to The Call correspondent
that such a newspaper must be up-to-date
In every respect, with the best machinery
and newsgathcrlr.g organization and as
much money behind it as any of the great
dallies of America. He said the subject
was so Important that men of wealth were
seriously discussing the establishment of
a paper that would tell the' truth.
He also made the remarkable statement
Has the Backing of a Syndicate of Rich Men Who Propose
to Also Open an Ideal Theater.
DR. PARKHURST PLANNING
TO START A NEWSPAPER
Special Dispatch to The CalL
"And," be added, "my name was signed
to interviews in full. - not one word of
which was true. I had given no such In
terview and every line was false and my
name waa used without- permission." . .
Mr. Parkhurst was at his best. His
summer in Switzerland had evidently
made a new man of him. The ozone of
the Alps seemed dancing: in his veins. He
was the picture of health and animation.
With the flre of old In his eye and his
fighting blood up, he told of the abuses of
the yellow portion of the press— the cheap
morning paper that manufactures sensa
tions, instead of giving its readers
straight, honest news. He rose to his feot
and paced the floor, with his head thrown
back, as be told of his own experiences,
of how he had repeatedly seen fabricated
Interviews with him printed in such pa
pers.
that a plan was on foot to o-tablish an
Ideal theater, devoted exclusively to le
gitimate drama and eliminating all that
is objectionable from the plays and the
stage. In other words, only lofty and no
blo form of dramatic entertainment would
be presented to the public, now weary and
disgusted with repulsive plays.
« THE FLINTSHIRE AS SUE LOCKED COMING ! I N ; - YESTERDAY AFTER LOSING HER MASTS IN' A STORM
SHE ENCOUNTERED IN THE LOW. LATITUDES LAST SEPTEMBEK: . THE. CAPTAIN WHO HANDLED
HER AND ONE OF HIS INGENIOUS DEVICES.' 1 > . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.The second four months will be used ln
battalion maneuvers, attacking and de
fending positions and field firing. Two
months will be given to grand maneuvers
on a war scale. The remaining two
months of the first year will be occupied
by furloughs.
"The greatest attention will be devoted
to marksmanship, and the allowance of
ammunition will be greatly Increased. Ar
tillery training will also be Improved. The
War Office is now acquiring control of
large tracts of land ln various parts of
the country for training grounds."
Yearns for More Titles.
Marcla Amelia Mary Countess of Tar
borugh la known among her friends as the
lady with the unquenchable thirst for
# «^_ ; — — — — — — —
LONDON. Nov. 12.— According to
the Daily Mail, a scheme of
army reform of a very sweeping
character will come Into opera
tion early next year.
"The scheme," says the Daily Mail,
"will make the British private a trained
soldier. Instead of a system giving the
recruit mainly a housemaid's work and
allowing no more than six weeks of mili
tary training, he will in future get ten
months' scientific drilling, all fatigue and
orderly duties being performed by a spe
cial corps of time-expired men.
- "The first four months will be devoted
to company training, including scouting,
entrenching, bridging and taking cover.
THE COUNTESS OF YARBOROUGH. WHOSE LONGING FOR TITLES
WILL LEAD TO THE RE-ESTABLISHMENT OF ANCIENT BARON
IES FOR HER ESPECIAL BENEFIT.
Stops the Cough
And works eft the cold. . Laxative Bromo-Qul
n!ne Tablets cure a cold ln one day. No cure,
no pay. , Price 25 cents. ¦ .
EMPORIUM COMPANY WTLL
ERECT BIG BTJTLDING
Purchases Property on Mission Street
From Wells, Russell & Co.
for a Site.
A transaction Involving the Investment
of about $83,000 was consummated Satur
day through Baldwin & Howell, through
which firm the Emporium Company se
cured the lot, 37 1 ,* feet front, 275 feet cast
of Fifth street, on the north side of Mis
sion street, with a depth of 160 feet
through to Jessie street. This lot was pur
chased from Wells, Russell & Co., the
price paid being $30,000. The same buyer
aiso purchased the lot 25x70 feet on the
south line of Jessie street, immediately
east of and adjoining the Wells, Russell
& Co. lot, paying for the same $4000.
The Emporium Company has purchased
the land for the purpose of constructing
a five-story and basement brick building,
which will be used for storage purposes.
The cost of the building -will be between
$50,000 and $55,000. The plans for the
structure are well under way and the
transaction will be closed within the next
week, and work on the new building will
probably be begun in the early part of De
cember.
This is the largest sale of Mission street
property west of Third street for* some
xear&past.
MURDERER ESCAPES
ACROSS THE BORDER
Young Man Shoots Wife in Mexico
and Flees Into Arizona.
NOGALES, Ariz., Nov. 11.— About a
week ago a young man by the name of
Rusk arrived In Nogales from Tucson
with a woman, supposed to be his wife.
To-night at 8:30 o'clock as a large num
ber of citizens were awaiting the arrival
of the southbound train they were
startled by a pistol shot from the Mexi
can side, followed by a woman's screams.
A man was seen running for the Ameri
can side, pursued by a mounted Mexican
policeman, who fired several shots at
him. The fus-ltive, who proved to be
Rusk, had stepped up to his wife while
she was walking with a lady friend and
shot her dead. Rusk reached the Ameri
can side and concealed himself.
\. Half an hour later he was again discov
ered and chased down the principal streets
of Nogales, Ariz., by. police officers, who
fired several shots at him before he sur
rendered and. was placed • In Jail ; on the
American side. The tip of his finger was
shot away. He had been drinking all day
but the cause of the shooting is not
yet, known. , . , :
NEWS OF THE ELECTIONS
RECEIVED IN MANILA
No Change in the Situation Exhlb-
ited Thus Far on the Part of
the Filipinos.
MANILA, Nov. 11.— The result* of the
election ln the United States has been
quietly received here. So far as the Fill
pinos are concerned no noticeable change
in the situation has resulted, nor is 'any
likely to occur in the Immediate future.
They are for the greater part non-com
mittal. News of the outcome will slowly
work Us way through the armed insur
gents, where the assurances of the leaders
that Mr. Bryan would certainly be elected
must first be overcome.
Last week's scouting resulted in several
minor engagements with what the official
reports described as "small casualties,"
namely, four Americans killed and ten
wounded.
ANARCHISTS NOT SO
RAMPANT AS OF YORE
CHICAGO, Nov. U.— Herr Jlost, with
his fierceness subdued to gentleness, was
the orator heae to-night of the thirteenth
anniversary of the execution of an
archists Parsons, Spies, Fischer and
Engel. The meeting was held In
Central ¦ Music Hall. The place was
free of uniformed policemen, but two cltv
detectives stood on the edge of the crowd
in the lobby. A. few years ago police fn
terterence with the speakers was of fre
quent occurrence at the annual celebra
tion. Except for the, notable increase In
the number of attendants and the soften
ing of the language- used the meeting dif
fered 'from the previous annual ¦ gather
ings only In that Mrs. Lucy Parsons was
conspicuous by her absence, and that a
big united States flag was displayed with
the red flag used in the decoration of the
Disinherits a Brother.
PETALUMA, Nov. 11. — The will of
George Woods, whose death occurred re
cently in this city, has been filed for pro
bate ln the Superior Court. The estate
is valued at $6000 and consists of real and
personal property in thi3 city. The de
ceased In his will left the property to his
four relatives, among them a brother
Matthew. In a codicil, however, executed
on November 2, 1900, he disinherited the
brother from his legal share in the estate
and made him a special bequest of $5.
The brother's share was- transferred to
his nephew. Robert Woods. Woods was
a pioneer of the county.
REPUBLICANS ALLEGE
FRAUD IN KENTUCKY
Contests to Be Instituted in Several
Districts and the Matter Will Be
Carried Before Congress.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. ll.-It Is
charged that gross frauds were committed
throughout Kentucky in accordance with
a general plan mapped out by Democratic
leaders, and Leslie Combs, chairman of
the Republican State Committee, will
carry ithe contest into Congress by having
candiflates institute contests In the Third,
Ninth and Tenth Congressional districts'
It is asserted by Republicans that the
plan was not only to delay the signing of
Dallots and the progress of the election
in Republ can districts, but Included al°o
the throwing out of ballots on slight pre
texts in the belief that the county can
vassing boards would not count them
when^they were returned as "ballots Ques
tioned and rejected." ques-
In three precincts of Lexington Repub
licans declare they lost fully S0O on ac
count of methods of the clerks Baling
stood waiting for an opportunity to vote
*i. A Photograph was taken of a scene in
the Nineteenth Precinct In Lexicon
where it Is declared negroes wer^shut
out by the work of John J. McKenna
Democratic clerk. McKenna la De55fv
County Clerk and a skilled penman bSt
he signed only 200 ballots during ten
h0 « rs °K f ,, VOtlnj r In Rn adjoining prldnct
a Republican clerk. William Worthineton
signed 470 ballots and had time to "lire"
pVe e c r incT re ab ° Ut VOtes ln
EXPORTS OF PRODUCTS.
WASHINGTON, Nov. ll.-The monthly
statement of the exports of domestic pro
ducts, issued by the Bureau of Statistics
shows that during October the exports
Blons $13,934,320. decrease J714.0OO; cottoW I603OT
107. Increase $31,043,000; mineral oils $6 ir» o?i
SSTSSJS&Sf 1 for month »*«S:
*Jz°£e£-* last . ten months the total was
?6oo.91S.S73, . an increase as compared with
the corresponding period In 1833 of ;S2,"
wOv^Ow.
PLANS FOR INCREASING
STRENGTH OF REGULAR ARMY
Senator Proctor Confers With Corbin
Relative to Needed Legis
lation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— Senator Proc-
tor of the Senate Committee on Military
Affairs, and Adjutant General Corbin nehl
an Informal conference with. the President
yesterday relative to legislation to asl:
of Congress In connection with the pro
posed Increase of the regular army.
"Under the existing law." said Senator
Proctor, at the conclusion of the confer
ence, "the present strength of the army.
65,000 regulars and 35,000 volunteers, will
e 5f2nJi Ccd on the & rst da >' of next July
to 27.000 regulars. This Is an absurdlv
small number and Congress will be aske'l
by the President to reorganize tho army
upon a larger basin. It will be impossible
to keep any troops In the Philippines un
less the army la increased, to say noth
ing of the garrisons for the forts In this
country.
"My own Judgment is that Congress will
provide a regular army of about 55,000 or
60,000 men, with discretion to the Presi
dent to raise the total to 100,000 if he flnda
the larger number necessary. I have no
doubt that this legislation will be en
acted at the coming session."
BBEAKS WORLD'S RECORD.
Good Time Made by Nelson in Motor-
Paced Race.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 11.— A world's
record waH smashfd In the fifteen-mile
motor-paced race to-night at the reopen
ing of the Velodrome indoor bicycle track.
The race was between Nelson and Stone,
but it developed Into a mere exhibition on
the part of Nelson, Stone being nearly a
mile to the bad at the finish. Summary.
One mile, professional handicap, final— Gus
Lawson of Buffalo, scratch, won; A. T Bell
of Los Angeles, SO yards, second: Roy'liod
gert of Salt Lake, 30 yards, third. Time
2:12 4-5. •
Mile, handicap, amateur, final— A. C. Muff of
Los Angeles, scratch, won; Guy West of Lop
Angeles, 40 yards, second; F. J.'HofTman ot
Los Angeles, scratch, third. Time. 2:10 4-3
Johnny Laiie, amateur champion, was In this
race, but to quailfy for the final.
Two miles, motor tandem— Stone and Judge
won; Blanchnrd and Ruel second. Time,
2:59 4-Ti.
Fifteen-mile motor-pared match race be
tween Johnny Xcl^on of Boston and H B
Stone of Denver. Won by Nelson in 25:49 1-5
(world's record).
-Nelson's fastest mile was In 1:34 which
breaks the track record of 1:34 j-5. • Lar
son went agrainst the track record for a
mile, but failed to lower It, his lime belr.^
1:37.
manifesto of Archbishop.
BERLIN, Nov. 11.— Mgr. StabewskI,
Archbishop, of Posen, In Prussian Poland,
hr.s issued a manifesto against a German
Centrist candidate and in favor of a
Polish candidate. His circular -has at
tracted much attention, and : the Govern
ment will probably take notice of It.
Destroyed by Fire.
NORFOLK. Va., Nov. 1L— The car abede
and electric plant of the Norfolk Lighting
Company, In Huntersvllle," a suburb of
Norfolk, were totally destroyed -by fire to
day. Fifty-two cars and the electrical
machinery were destroyed. Loss, |150,0O0.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— The Journal has
the following from Bristol. R. L: De
signer Nat Herreshoff is still at work oti
plans and specifications for the 1901 cup
defender.
The model for the syndicate has been
completed, the general design having been
worked out some time before In a minia
ture plan, and orders have been given
within the past ten days for sufficient
bronze for the underbody and top sides
and enough lead, added to the stock In
hand, for a bulbed fin keel.
Whether the contract has yet been mada
for steel frames cannot be learned nor is
It likely to be known before some material
arrives. While it Is generally believed
here that the new yacht will show marked.
Improvement in speed over the Columbia
nothing definite' has been learned con
cerning the designers' general plan. Those
most conversant with Captain Nat's prac
tice believe that his experience with 10
footers which were modeled somewhat
after the Columbia, with such improve
ments as time had suggested, has led hhn
to adhere to that type for the new de
fender's lines.
None believes that the next cup cham
pion will be much beamier or longer over
all than the Columbia, while the midship
section is likely to be flatter and the
bilges more rounded.
This plan, it is asserted, would give
more speed on the same water-line length
and sail area, the Herreshoffs not taking
kindly to "clouds" of canvas. -;¦ : .
Orders Already Issued for a Portion
of the Material to Be Used in
Construction of the Rac
ing Craft.
Nat Herreshoff Completes
the Design for the
Yacht.
MODEL OF NEW
CUP DEFENDER
A curious case of burglary has been
called to the attention of the police and
detective Tom Gibson has been detailed
to investigate it.
Thomas Powell, who conducts a lodg
ing-house at 106 Taylor street, has been
In the habit of keeping his valuables in
a grip In his apartments. Some days ago
a Japanese servant was employed. He
went to work with unusual vim and
activity and cleaned tho rooms as they
were never cleaned before. In the room
of the proprietor he found a valise full
of papers, some diamonds and other val
uables. The valise is still there, but when
the Japanese servant went his way the
next day the valuables also disappeared.
The police were notified, but the Jap
anese servant has not been seen since.
Powell does not accuse him of having
taken the gems and the papers, but he
believes there Is a strange coincidence.
The value of the stolen property, apart
from the papers which are of no value ex
cept to the owner. Is at least $250.
Valise Containing Valuable Papers
and Some Diamonds Is Rifled,
Presumably by Brown-
Skinned Servant.
Complaint of a Taylor-Street
Lodging-House
Keeper.
JAPANESE THIEF
IS BEING SOUGHT
was found at Picnics Point,
encircled with a lifebelt and fully dressed.
An unknown body, supposed to be that of
n traveler tor a Western boot and shoe
Jirm, has been found a.t the same place.
¦with the bodies of Elnie McDonald and
Second Officer Murphy, recovered yester
day. Of the members of the crew whose
bodies were secured, Copeland and Ben
ham were not known to be on board until
their bodies wore identified. They were
not on the ships articles, having joined
lor the trip only. Several bodies are still
unidentitir-d. One body was recognized
tills evening as that of John Richmond
of Es«-x. N. H., a traveler for a boot and
Fhoe firm. He was not before known to
have been a jjasyenger. Thfs swells the.
known de.-ith roll to thirty-twx). Benharo
took the place of Whitemore, previously
reported lost. Copeland was also a sub
stitute, but for whom it is not known.
It is a coincidence that th* ship Peter
Fir-wart was wrecked off this shore a
few years ago in the month of July and
a boatload of men came in where the
Monticello's boat was found. Half of the
men wore dead before the boat touched
the land, and many believe the same 1»
true of those in the Monticello's boat.
The- fury of the surf is appalling in this
region.
The body of O. N. Coloman. another
commercial traveler, who was not previ
ously known to have been or. board thj
Monticello, has been washed ashure and
identified. He represents a Hamilton
Jew«>rly firm and carried sam
ples worth $S0,OOO.
One trunk has boon found. "Wreckage of
all kind? litters tho shore— boxes, barrels,
pieces of ship's boats and parts of th«
tuperptructure of the ctearacr.
James Ball, a merchant of Yarmouth.
Trhn was supposed to have btcn on board,
is safe, having missed the steamer at St.
Johns.
Kupert Olive was crossing the bay from
St. Johns to Yarmouth to rejoin his own
eteamer. Chief Suward Hopkins of the
puamer Yarmouth perished, having taken
his brotht-r's plaop for one trip. Swen
Johnson was taking Klisha Cook's place
as quartermaster, and Fred Vancnburg
w3-s substituting as cook for his father.
The absentees were off to vote at the elec
tions, and to this circumstance th^y owe
their lives.
No trace of more than three women
having been on hoard the Monticeilo can
l>e obtained. They were piaced in the first
l>oat. One of them. Stewardess Kate
Smith, Is one of the- four survivors, and
thp is too 111 to make a statement.
Elsie McDonald was drowned in the
surf. Her body has been recovered.
The third woman, named Lawrence, wad
colored. Her body was seen In the break
ers this afternoon, but could not be
reached.
Some difficulty has been encountered «n
figuring out the total loss of life, as a
number of passengers Joined the Monti
cello at St. Johns without first registering
At t>ie booklner office. Thoj- bought vheir
tickets on board.
A revised list of the members of the
crew prepared at the head office at the
Yarmouth Steamship Company here
chows that the officers and crew num
bered twenty-right, of vrfiom Third Officer
Finning. Quartermaster Wilson. Cook, a
deckhand, and Ml.-» Smith, the steward
ess, wore saved.
The total number of people who were on
board Is now placed at thirty-Bix. i Tho
four survivors are Captain Smith, a pas
senger. Third Officer Fleming, Quarter
master Wilson and Stewardess Smith.
The three men ?aved aj?ree that the cause
of the disaeur was, briefly: The steamer
¦wae pounded for hours by sea, and gaie,
sprung a. leak ar.d filled; became unman
ageable, broke a;>art and foundered. Tne
sea Is not remembered to have been so
heavy on this ccast for many years.
SHIP SEAWELL ASHORE.
American Vessel Comes to Grief at
Hongkong.
LONDON. Nov. 11.— According to tho
Hongkong correspondent of the Dally
Mail the American ship Benjamin Sea
well, Captain A. Seawell. which arrived
a.t Hongkong prior to September 2S from
Fretmantle, which port she left August 9.
¦was driven ashore during the typhoon
Friday right.
KILLED IN A COLLISION.
Train Loses His Life.
Carpenter Beating His Way on a
OMAHA, Nov. 11.— By the collision of
the overland limited train of the Chicago
and Northwestern Railroad with a freight
train at Missouri Val.cy. Iowa, last night
Peter C. Peterson of Omaha, a carpenter
who wm beating his way. was fatally In
jured. Before ho died Peterson said that
two men were btanding on the" platform
with him when the collision occurred.
They have not Bince been seen and their
bodies may be burled beneath the debris.
Tnctr panics are unknown.
CHICAGO, Nov. 11.— May Teresa
Josephine Schmidt shot and almost In
stantly killed her husband, Peter, late
to-night at their home, 1238 North Marsh
field avenue.
After the shooting, which occurred in
the parlor of the house, Schmidt Stag-'
gered out through the front door and fell
dead in the yard. Mrs. Schmidt made no
attempt to escape, and Bhe admitted the
shooting, but declared her husband had
driven her to desperation by his acts
tor some time, the woman declared, she
had been neglected by her husband, who
was drinking heavily and paying atten
tion to other women. When he entered
his home late to-night, his wife declares
he was intoxicated, and she upbraided
him for his acts. A quarrel and the
shooting followed.
Declares She Was Driven
to Desperation by
His 'Acts.
CHICAGO WOMAN
KILLS HUSBAND
DENVER, Nov. 11. — Three negroes who
had worked with a section gang just pre
vious to the murder of little Louise Frost
several days ago were arrested on sus
picion here to-day. A' rigid' "sweatbox"
examination failed to elicit even a reply
as to their names. They are being held
for further investigation.
LIMON. Colo.. Nov. 1L— Search for the
murderer of Louise Frost was continued
to-day. The town was divided into dis
tricts and a search was made of every
house, barn and ou.tbuildJng in the place.
The deputies were divided into four
squads, beginning at the outskirts and
working toward the center. Before tho
seach was continued thirty minutes a
squad in charge of Deputy Elmer Bloss
discovered the remains of a lire where
clothing had been burned. Sheriffs Frea
man and Goddard and Chief of Police
Henry of Colorado Springs made a thor
ough examination of the ashes and found
the buttons of a coat, pants and a suit
of underclothing and other evidence suffi
cient to recognize the owner of the cloth
ing, although his name will not be made
known until an arrest can be made. Latar
a pair of shoes were found which showed
bloodstains, although they had been cov
ered with a coat of grease.
Subsequently the officers found a trail
g-oing to the place and the shoes fitted the
tracks exactly. The same tracks vrcr'i
found coming toward Llmon, evidently at
a run, and they are believed to have been
made by the same shoes, by this the siu
pect Is believed to have hidden in thj
lane. in. the afternoon, as he cannot be
accounted for at the time of the murder,
and then returned, changed clothes and
joined in the search with the others. He
had left town when this evidence was
found, but the officers ¦ have him located.
Excitement Is gradually subsiding and
it Is thought that all suspects can be
kept at Hugo In safety and that no lynch
ing will occur unless positive evidence
can be secured or a confession extorted.
Sheriff Goddard of El Paso County, Chief
of Police Henry of Colorado Springs an.i
Sheriff J. W. Freeman are directing the
search. To-night the force was augmented
by Marshal Camp and a detective from
Greeley.
Negroes Are Accused of Hav
ing Caused the Death of
Louise Frost.
SHERIFF ARRESTS
THREE SUSPECTS
OLGA XETHERSOL.E. WHO WILL BEGIN' HER RETURN TOUR OF
AMERICA WITH A REVIVAL OF "SAPHO" AT NEW YORK TO
NIGHT AND WILL SOON VISIT SAN FRANCISCO.
States Is the determination of the Presi
dent. His plan is based on the desire of
the present administration, the British
Foreign Office and Secretary Hay himself.
No Embass=ador nor Minister from the
United States has *ver been so welcome
as Colonel Hay will be at London. Ofll-
clals say there is time enough to consider
what will be offered to Mr. Choate. the
present Embassador at London. Mr.
Choate may resume his law practice In
New York, or he may consider that an
exchange of places with Colonel Hay
would not be undesirable.
THE SEA CASTS UP BODIES
Continued From First Page,
Manager of the Actress Details the Plans for Her
Forthcoming Trip to the Pacific Coast.
NETtV YORK. Nov. ll.-Sp^aklng
to-day of Olga Nethersole's
forthcoming tour, and In par
ticular with reference to her
"Western trip, Louis Nettaer-
Bole, her manager, said to The Call cor
respondent:
"We are due at the Columbia Theater,
San Francisco, at the end of February.
going th^re direct after wo have filled
euch dates as we w<re compelled to can
cel la*t «eaf>on in the Kast owing to the
long: run of 'Sapho' at Wallnck's. We are
booked for Ucnvtr, Fan Francisco. San
Joee, Stockton. Sacramento, Oakland, Salt
Lake City and Omaha. The trip. It is ex
pected, will take about two and a half
raonthp. and toward the middle of May
¦w« Fhnll be bark Jn the East, where we
¦will end our Beaaon on June 3. It is the
Intention to giro the whole of our reper
toire In California. Including 'Sapho,'
'Camille,' "Carmen, 1 'F"rou Frou.' 'The
"Wife of Scar'.i.' T>enipe.' 'The Second Mrs.
Tanqueray' and 'Mapda.'
"In addition to my ulster's own private
ear our train ml] consist of two Pullman
sleeping' cars, a couple of day coaches and
four bas^ttge < ars. These will be needed
to accommodate our company of eighty
perrons."
The visit of "Sapho" here 1e stated to
he for an engagement of but four weeks.
The play remains the same as when re
viewed by the tourts \m=t s pring. ; There
have been charges in Mips Netben»ole's
Fupport. bowerer, several Britishers hav
ing been replaced by Americans. Jean
<iouEsin. the man whose boots Fanny Le
irrund* -wants to clean in the next to the
last act, will be G. Harrison Hunter. Miss
Xethersole promises to Introduce several
dresses supposed to have Ix-en connected
with the Paris Exposition.
Henry Vlllard 111.
NEW YORK, Nov. lL-Henry Vlllard 1«
reported to be seriously 111 at hi* summer
home in Dohbs Ferry. Mr. Vlllard had in
tended to return to this city with his
family al>out October 15. but his condition
bfcame such that his physician deemed it
inadvisable to mako the change. Mr. Vil
lard oau^ht a severe cold about a week
stro. In his weakened state he has not re
sponded rr-adily to treatment. Since Mr.
Viilard's illr.os* took a serious turn his
ton Harold and the latter's family have
been with him. At Harold Viilard's apart
ments, at 60 West Fifty-eighth street, to
day it was Baid Mr. Viilard was critically
111. Two physician? are in attendance
upon him. Frirnds of Mr. Vlllard in this
city have bev-n aware for some time of his
precarious health.
Schaef er Goes to Paris.
Jacob Schaef er. accompanied by Ben
Savior, the California professional, ar
rived here to-day en route for Paris,
where he will play in the billiard acad
omies. Schacfer appeared to be in the
t>rst of health and said that he was play-
Ing the pame of his life. He expects to
eail this week and in the few days he
is here will take part in several exhibition
matches. Schaefer's contract calls for
six months' play abroad, but he thinks
that hf will probably return in less time
than that.
Hay to Replace Choate.
The Journal and Advertiser fays in a
XVa^hinpton dispatch: That Secretary of
State Hay Fhall return to the Court of St.
James as the Embassador from the United
OLGA NETHERSOLE WILL PRESENT
ENTIRE REPERTOIRE IN CALIFORNIA
Hereafter Every Private in the Ranks\Will Be Re
quired fo Undergo Scientific DrUling.
¦ A *-'•¦'«*'."¦ lull. OV» «.__ «_u» «l«>a»-j»T<*aa mtoa ¦» '
SWEEPING ARMY REFORMS SOON T0 BE
PUT INTO OPERATION IN GREAT BRITAIN
"Charles T. Yerkes." says the Daily Ex
press, "has a scheme to radiate electrlo
railways for long distances north of Lon
don, and to build low-rent dwellings for
worklngmen In order to remedy over
crowding. He is also interested In the
mooted scheme of a ship canal between
Southampton and London."
Baden-Powell 111.
•General Baden-Powell, according to the
Cape Town correspondent of the Daily
Mail, has contracted enteric fever, but
his condition is not serious.
Sir Thomas Henry Sanderson, perma
nent Under Seoretary of State for For
eign Affairs, has been promoted to the
rank of Kntght Grand Cross of the Order
of the Bath. The Eiirl of Clarendon, the
Earl of Selborne, Joseph Powell Williams
and Gerald Balfour have been appointed
Privy Councillors. Hr. Ealfour was al
ready and Irish Privy Councillor.
John Grant Lawson, •who represented
the Ttalrsk and Malton division of York In
the late Parliament, where he was deputy
chairman of ways and means, and who
has been one of the Parliamentary Char
ity Commissioners since 1805. has been ap
pointed Seoretary of the Local Govern
ment Board. In succession to Henry Chap
man.
Yerkes' English Ventures.
titles. She »jas two first-class ones at
command nc%- f hereditary titles at that.
and her hu^and has a third; but. Ilka
Oliver Twist, she la crying: for more, and
as soon as th» Committee of Privileges ot
the House c{ Lords — that overworked
body— meets ncct It will be asked to add
a few choice sheeted ones to the list.
One would se4rch "Burke's Peerage" In
vain for some token of the ancient baro
nies of Daxcy dt\K.nayth and Meinnllland
the ancient barcty of Fauconbergr. They
have gone out of existence. But tho flavor
of them lingers o-atefully In the nostrils
of the Countess \t Yarborough and her
sister, Violet Ida Eveline Countess of
Powls. and they ire polng to seek for
their re-establishment. Lady Violet taking
one of them and Lady Yarborough the
other two. _ ,
The latter Is not only the Countess o*.
Yarborougn In her own right, but also
Lady Conyera, being the eldest daughter
of the late Lord Conyers.
Grist of Promotions.
BERLIN. Nov. 11.— Following is the full
text of the statement, evidently Inspired,
in the Cologne Gazette of Saturday, as to
the understanding reached by the repre
sentatives of the powers in Peking re
garding the Chinese settlement:
"Pour parleurs between the envoys in
Peking for the purpose of agreeing upon
the fundamentals for peace negotiations
with the Chinese Plenipotentiaries pro
ceed favorably m tne wnole series of im
portant points.
"An agreement~has been reached be
tween the powers particularly regarding
the punishment of the, main culprits, the
mar.uarins and princes; also regarding
the witnessing of the execution of such
punishments dj- representatives of the
powers; also revaluing the principle of
paying damages to tlie .several Govern
ments for the cost of the China expedi
tions and for damages sustumed by pri
vate persons and missions; aiso rt'Karuing
the permanent stationing: of suittcient
guaras for the Peking legations; also re
garding the razing or the 'iaku torts, and
ln.aily, regarding the maintenance of se
cure regUiur communication between Pe
king and the sea shore.
"About a number or other demands, put
forth by separate powers, negotiations are
still pending."
\v^Siil_\uTON, Nov. 11.— It Is reported
in tin? cologne Gazette that the powers
have reached a detinite understating in
regard to China. Its terms, as stated by
that newspaper, omit several features
which have been a source of discussion
among them. Probably the most import
ant oi these Is the proposition to abolish
tne cumbersome ortlce of the Tsun-li
Yamen, or Board of Foreign Affairs, and
place the duties of that body under the
supervision of one person, who shall be
directly responsible for the management
of its affair*. This change has been
urgently desired by our Government, and
is believed to find a hearty second among
all the powers. Officials profess an un
willingness to discuss with any detail the
existing state of negotiations now In
progress, and the impression prevails that
Jf an agreement has been reached it is
incomplete or partial.' Nothing camo
from Minister Conger to-day.
GERMANS AT PAOTING-FU.
With the French Establish a Strong
Garrison Force.
Special Cable to The Call and New York H>r-
aid. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub-
Ilshlnsr Company.
PEKING, Nov. 9.— The Emperor is now
at SI Gonan-Fu, two days by telegmph
from here, via Shanghai. Governor Yu
Hsian has recovered from his attempted
suicide at Tai Yuan.
Prince Chlrig and Li Hung Chang, In de
fense of their own positions as peace
makers, are pressing the Dowager Em
press for the execution of guilty Princes
and Ministers, as demanded by the foreign
powers. Probably more suicides will re
sult.
All who participated in the punitive ex
pedition to Paoting-Fu have returned ex
cepting the Germans and French, who re
main as a permanent garrison. The pro
vincial treasurer, one general ami a
colonel, who were found by court-martial
responsible for the slaughter of seventeen
American and English missionaries and
torturing four others who were rescued
alive, were to-day shot, with twenty prom
inent Boxers, with the approval of Field
Marshal Count von Waldersee. Punish
ment was also inflicted en route on other
notorious Boxsr strongholds.
In this just punishment for frightful
atrocities on American missionaries and
native Christians the United States took
no part. The 1500 American troops re
mained idle In camp here.
ITALIANS SURROUNDED.
Party of Sixteen Cut Off by Boxers
in Paoting-Fu Province.
NEW YORK. Nov. 11.— The Journal has
the following from Paotlr.g-Fu, via Taku
and Shanghai: In the western hills of
this province a company of sixteen Italian
soldiers are reported to be surrounded by
Boxers, who threaten the foreigners with
death unless they surrender at once.
The report has just reached here, anJ
has spread consternation among the for
elgn settlers. Immediately upon receiv
ing the report a company of British caval
rymen started to the rescue. They hop»
by rapid riding to reach the hills in time
to save the Italians.
On October 23 there was a sharp engage
ment between British cavalry and a large
number of Boxers. The battle took p*ace
twenty-eight miles northeast of here, and
the Englshmen are reported to have
fought desperately. A large number or'
Boxers were killed in the engagement and
two Englishmen were wounded. There
were no other casualties.
CHINESE EXECUTED.
Punishment Meted Out to Officials for
Inciting Rebellion.
PEKING. Nov. 10.— A profound impres
sion was produced upon the natives at
Paotlng-Fu by the execution there of the
three officials— Tien Tung, provincial
treasurer: General W"*ishung Hong and
Colonel Kiu— who were condemned by the
International court-martial as among
those responsible for the massacres there.
They were beheaded and their heads
were exposed on poles for a day before
burial.
It » Is probable, despite discrepancies;,
that the foregoing officials are identical
with those referred to in a disDatch to
the Associated Press from Tientsin dated
November 6. which said:
"Ting Yung, acting Viceroy of Chill; the
Tartar general Quewi Hang and Colonol
Wang Chau Me were shot at Paotlng-Ku
by order of the court-martial."
Peace Negotiations Balked.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— "Serious f rictton
has been caused In the peace negotiations
In Peking," saya the Dally Mall's corre
spondent at Tientsin, wiring on November
Jt, "by Belgium, Denmark and Holland
and Spain clamoring to have,-a standing
In any Important decisions. Russia and
France have supported their claims, but
are opposed by the powers. Belgium is
especially importunate and intensely pro-
Russian."
Punishment of Those Responsible for
Chinese Outrages the First
, Question Considered and
f. Disposed Of.
Envoys in Peking Decide
Upon the General Course
iff Apfion
POWERS REACH
AGREEMENT ON
MANY POINTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1900
2
AD VERTISEM E27TS.
& CO.,
DB. MEYERS
. Specialists
Disease and weak-
ness of men. Es-
tablished 1881. Coa-
Bultatlon free.
731 Market at.
(elevator entrance).
San Francisco.
*?^c*f7T^Pi>7*»i ft O la » non -poisonous
*-c\^CkiJj* I "**Hiw«fi ren»'d» for Goanrrhoc.i.
Gleet. Spnroatorrh.ra,
ifflUSr in l to 5 J.n.Vi Whites, unnatural <iij-
mSBS GautntMd \i charges, or tor in&Hnma-
|M>J net *» »tri«mr». tion, irritation or ulcera-
p*~ «ff;»rntnu cooupon, tion of mncons men*
jPTSlTHSEYm ChemjCU C J. brane». Kon-ajtriiwnt.
*J*gasmci«N»n,o.EK3 *°!d *»y Dmnuu,
VK3k C. S. a. or ient ln Pl»in T»pp*r.
T»F<m^^ by express, pr»;»lcl. lot
'ik^aZSBSS^^ 0 H I 1 - 00 ' or 3 oottl", 12.73.
H ,- relar Best oa reiumt,
BMMBHlnHHIMliifer '
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAVL DB
FORD, 175 N. Spring at.. Los Anjroles. Cal.
DR.P1ERCES
GOLOEft!
FOR THE
MEDICAL
iQ>!S€€F¥£ittY
BLOOD.LIYER.LUNGS.
Hea*t Ct**e
regulates the heart's a&ion,
while it stimulates the digestive
organs to make new, rich, red
blood which gives strength to
the whole body. Sold by drug-
gists on a guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elktart, Ind.
palor, fainting, smothering or
sinking spells all point in the
same direction — an impaired
heart action. A heart tnat is
weak or diseased cannbt do full
duty and the circulation of the
blood is interfered with. There
is a medicine that gives new
strength to the heart, new
power to the pulse and .puts
new color into cheek and lip.
" I was short of breath, dizzy,
had smothering sensations, In-
tense pala la heart, was feeble
and pulse so weak that I could
cot raise myself in bed. I found
a perfect cure ln Dr. Miles*
Heart Cure." A. T. Jacksox,
Kewarma, lad*
D*. Miles'
Far Surpasses |
Butter, Lard and Compounds. h
"Ko-Nut"
A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat for R
Shortening and Frying, g
Guaranteed iree from Animal H
Mitter. H
The. Finest d
Saratoga Chips rj
are fried in t]
"KO-NUT." %
Ask Your Grocer or Write H
India Refining Co., i
Philadelphia. 3Will Remain in Office.
LONDON, Nov. 11— Earl Cadogan has
consented to continue in office as Lord
Lieutenant of Ireland.
I<ong Back in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Nov. ll.-Secretary
Long returned to the city to-day from a
trip to Colorado, whera ho has been on a
.visit to hla daughters.
Beings.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. ll.-Three un
known graves on a steep hill above a
shrimp fishing camp on Point San Pedro
were visited to-day by Deputy Coroner
Stephen Eden, who vas guided to the spot
by Isaac Smith. The graves were found
to be covered with only a few inches of
earth Upon digging down with a crowbar
a crude casket was uncovered This wni
found to contain the remains of a human
being. The feet and a portion of the lower
limbs were exposed. From the condition
of the body Mr. Eden thought that it had
been buried several weeks. The next
grave was also found to contain human
remains Mr Eden did not prospect Tur
ther. owlnp to tho fact that he had no
tools or sufficient help to carry the bodies
°*?Z It? , stee P, and roush hflls. covered
with thick undergrowth, to the county
road and the dead wagon Although
armed with a shotgun he did not feel in
clined to take action until supported by a
sufficient force to repel attack should <uiy
be made, J
To-morrow an attempt to clear th<» nw<u
tery will be made and a strong effort nut
forth to ascertain who was buried how
they died and why they were so secretlT
and unlawfully interred. The ghastly dis
covery is expected to lead to many more
finds of a similar character in that local
ity. About two weeks ago a Chinaman
ran away from one of the shrimp camps.
He ran over the hills and alonir the rnnn
ty road to this city. At the narrow gauge
depot he threw himself in front of a- train
as it was coming into the station He
was pulled, from the rails by Thomas J.
Treanor, whom he told in broken Enelish
"Him killee me." The man was panic
stricken. Later several Chinamen hur
riedly came here looking for the escaped
man. They said that he was crazy The
unfortunate has not been seen since His
disappearance has been complete. It is
not looked upon here as Improbable that
the new grave to be uncovered • In the
morning may tell the story of his fate A
hard day's work lies before the Coroner
to-morrow. After securing the bodies
they will have to be carried over several
high ridges, through steep ravines and
dense thickets, with no trail to follow
Isaac Smith, who made the first discovery
of the mysterious graves, will accompany
the Coroner and lend his aid to makine
the search a thorough one.
Opens Two and Finds Them to Con
tain the Remains of Human
CORONER INVESTIGATES
MYSTEBIOUS GiRAVES
BIG TUNNEL
ENTERPRISE IN
WASHINGTON
Progress of the Work in
me Heart of Palmer
Mountain,
— ?
PROSPECTING THE ORE LEDGES
Projectors of the. Mammoth Enter
prise Now Ready to Decide on
the Adoption of a Treat
ment Plant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Nov. 11.— The greatest mining
project now being carried out in the
Northwest is the big Palmer Mountain
tunnel In Okanogan County, which Is
ij driven into Palmer Mountain 8400
. through 1400 acres of mineral-bearing
ground owned by the Palmer Mountain
Gold Mining and Tunnel Company. The
tunnel is in nearly 4000 feet as a result
of five years' continuous work. It Is be
ing run to crosscut thirty parallel veins
which show upon the surface of the south
stope of Palmer .Mountain.
But little attention was paid to the
veins crossed until the twelfth ledge was
encountered. This was a little over 1300
feet from the portal of the tunnel and
proved to be a ledge forty-two and a half
feet In width between walls, carrying
thirty feet of mineralized formation in
which iron sulphides predominated.
Between the two thousand and three
thousand foot marks twelve more veins [
varying from two to sixteen feet in width
were crossed. This makes twenty-four
veins found so far.
From the 2000-foot mark to the present
face of the tunnel little ore has been en
countored, nor was it expected that it
would be, from the character of the sur
face of the ground, but the tunnel is now
reaching another highly mineralized sec
tion, as shown by the surface choppings.
During the past two months considerable
drifting has been done upon various veins,
which has been very satisfactory, and the
mine, or twenty-four mines, as it might
be called, has now arrived at a point
¦where the company Is ready to decide
upon the adoption of a treatment plant
and everything necessary for the mining
and milling of the ores.
To improve the water power and erect
such a plant as the needs of the property
requires will be the work of at least
twelve to eighteen months. With a view
of bringing in the machinery as cheaply
at. possible a preliminary survey will soon
be started from the mine to the Okano
gan Kiver. so that if the Great Northern
or Northern Pacific railroads do not build
to Loomis the coming year the company
will begin construction of an electric road.
REFUSES TO CONSENT TO
BUBIAL OF HER SON
Mrs. Hunter Believes He "Will Return
to Life and Is Arrested for
Insanity.
TACOMA. Nov. 11.— The arrest to-day of
Mrs. Emily Hunter for Insanity brings to
light a peculiar story. Two weeks ago
her ten-year-old son died, but the body
remains unburled because Mrs. Hunter
believed he would return to life and re
fused to allow any one to touch It except
for embalming purposes. The first two
nights after the child died she slept with
tho corpse. The next day possession of
the body was secured while she was at a
neighbor's house. Her other son, aged
11 is very sick, and It was for the pur
pose of Baving this child's life .that Mrs.
Hunter's sister to-day secured her arrest.
While refusing to permit the burial of
her dead son. Mrs. Hunter also neglected
to properly care for her living son. who is
sick with pneumonia. She has- possessed
the belief that some one Intended taking
the boy from her and has kept moving
him from here to Seattle and back for a
week past.
Two years ago Mrs. Hunter lost her
home on a mortgage. Rather than va
cate, she set fire to the house. She was
subsequently examined for insanity and
released. To-morrow she will be taken
to an asylum.
AGED MAN ACCUSED OT
ABDUCTING A GIEL
Clement Heath of Oakland Is Ar
rested at TTkiah and . Taken to
Point Arena.
UKIAH, Nov. 11.— Clement Heath of
Oakland was arrested here to-day by
Constable Slack of Point Arena. He Is
charged with having abducted a , young
eirl named Ada Farrer. Heath Is about
65 years of age and Miss Farrer Is but
14. He was taken to Point Arena for a
preliminary examination, *
BUTTE. Mont., Nov. 1L— Flre broke out
In the 200 level of the Bell mine, an
Amalgamated Copper Company property,
last night and is still burning. It Is un
der control, but grave apprehension* are
entertained that It cannot be extin
guished. The ore In this mine Is free
milling, containing a large percentage of
sulphur, and flre once started Is a hard
proposition to handle. The loss will cer
tainly be large. The source ( of the flro
Is unknown.
FIRE IN A COPPER ?ftTNE.
CHARGE AGAINST MURDERER
NOT TO BE PROSECUTED
Death of the Principal Witness Causes
the Abandonment of the Red
mond Case.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Nov. 11.— County
Prosecutor Yates announces that he will
dismiss the celebrated case against James
Redmond, charged with beinj? one of the
principals in the murder of Emma Schu
macher, who was robbed and ir-rdered by
two men in a grocery store In this city
on the night of December 8, 1897. This
action Is due to the lack of evidence
caused by the death of William Handy,
an old negro, who was the most Important
witness for the State and at whose house
Kedmond sought shelter on the night of
the crime.
Jack Kennedy, who figured In several
train robberies In this vicinity, was ar
rested with Redmond, but Kennedy was
sentenced to serve seventeen years in the
penitentiary for train robbery before he
could be tried for murder. Kedmond es
caped and after many daring experiences
with Federal and State officers he waa
rearrested August 16, 1&9S, in the Philip
nines, where he had served as a private
in an American regiment. During the
Santiago campaign Redmond served under
Roosevelt In the Rough Riders.
James Hardy and Elmer Miller Found
Not Guilty of 'Murdering Mrs.
Wise and Son.
ST. PAUL. Nov. ii.— James Hardy and
Elmer Miller, who have been on trial at
Anoka for the murder of two members of
the Wise family, were to-day found not
guilty.
Mrs. Wise and a young son were killed
on the night of May 27 last by shots fired
through a window while seated about a
table in their farm house. William Wise,
her husband, and an elder boy. were bad
ly wounded, and have not yet recovered
from the effects of the wcunds. Eliza
Wise, aged 15, made a confession, alleg
ing that Miller and Hardy, who were sai'l
to be lovers of hersrlf and eister, had
planned to get rid of the old folks in
order that the girls might inherit the
farm and a i-:mall sum of money. On
the trial of the two young men, who are
both under age. the Wise sisters testified
to the alleged conspiracy, and the State
presented in corroboration of their evi
dence the testimony ol Allla Preston; who
alleged that Hardy had proposed to him
to join in the crime.
The defense rested its case upon an
alibi, and sought to discredit the testi
mony of the Wise sisters and Preston by
alleging that they had been coached by
detectives, who were working for the
large reward offered by the State.
ACQUITTED OF THE
CHARGE OF MURDER
faction Over the Election of
McKinley.
BERLIN, Nov. 11.— The German bourses
were completely dominated last week by
the election in the United States and Wall
street's interpretation of It.
The large sales of Iron in the United
States last week attracted much atten
tion, causing unusual firmness in German
iron shares, and also giving a great im
petus to American railways. German
linanciers express satisfaction with the
outcome of the election, interpreting the
result as favorable to the German money
market.
Heavy offerings of discounts from the
manufacturing centers carried the private
rate yesterday to 4V 4 per cent. The Reichs
bank statement made an unfavorable im
pression, and the rise in money depressed
imperial and Prussian funds* being rein
forced by the conviction that large is
ruos of threes will be made early next
year. '
Cologne's 21.000.000 fours will be sub
scribed on November 20 at SS^j. and the
Anatolian Railway's stock on Novem
ber 15.
Contracts let here for rolled iron by th<?
Prussian railways showed prices ranging
from 25 to 30 per cent below last year's
figures, a French company securing a
contract for the Brunswick water works
piping at 85 marks, as against 110 marks,
the lowest German bid.
The wire-nail syndicate haa reduced
production 40 per cent, but this failed to
influence the Bourse, owing to the activ
ity of the American market.
The statistic? of nine months' foreign
r 1 "?^ show ""ports to the value of 4 082 -
cetn.noo marks, or an increase of 24 000 000
marks. The export figure? for the ' same
period are 1252*000.000 marks, or an in
crease cf 153.O00.0Q0 marks
Prussia's coal production for the nine
months .covered by the official statistics
was .O.S0S.U2& tons, or an increase of 5,04s,-
Financiers in General Express Satis-
GERMAN BOURSE AFFECTED
BY AMERICAN ELECTIONS
Is Expected to Develop a Velocity
Never Before Attained by Na
val Ordnance.
¦WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— The roost
powerful grun ever made for use on board
£ ship of war will be tested at the naval
proving grounds. Indian Head. Md., this
¦week. This remarkable "peacemaker"
was constructed at the naval gun factory
at Washington Navy-yard. It is the
latest mod<=-l of 12-inch rifle, and the claim
is made that it is of much greater effec
tiveness than runs of large caliber. It is
forty caliber, 453 inches long and weighs
fifty-two tons. Naval ordnance officers tx
r»ect to see the gun develop a velocity of
2SiX» feet per second and a muzzle energy
of 46,446 tens.
The greatest velocity attained with a
13-inch ?un. the largest caliber used in
the United States navy, was 23<X> feet per
second with smokeless powder. The great
est velocity developed by English made
32-!nch gr:ns was 2WJ feot per second. A
6-fncb navy rifle, fifty caliber long, of new
Araerican mod«M, will be rested Bion at
the provirjr grounds. Naval ordnance ex-
T-ertF confidently expect it to develop a
velocity cf 3->X» feet per second.
POWTBFCX GUN IS
SOON TO BE TESTED
On account of the flres the temperature
has been exceedingly hot in the mountain
and valley towns, and even as far down
the side of the foothills as Lamesa and
Lemon Grove. It was reported there that
the thermometer had risen to 100 durlne
the afternoon, somewhat higher than it
has been at any time this year.
SAX DIEGO. Nov. ll.-Slnce noon to
day fire has been raging In the mountains
back of El Cajon Valley and threatening
to devastate auite a large section of the
country. The flre started about a mile
from Las Cruces, on the line of the San
Diego flume, and spread to the east and
fir^". T * he W L n l was rl^ ht t0 tak « the
fire over toward the Lankershlm tunnel of
the flume line, and if it did the fire was in
a if. al , r way to de6 troy the flume, through
which most of the ranchers in El Cajon
valley secure their supply of water for
irrigation from the pumping plants at
the Monte. About 5 o'clock the wind died
out. and what little there was changed
in direction so that It is thought that
disaster to the flume line may be averted
The inhabitants of Las Cruces are out
fighting the fire, and the last report was
that it the wind did not come up again
they would be able to stop further
spreading.
»*. Rc J? ort of another flre comes from below
the line, where a mountain flre has been
burning since 3 o'clock. The volume of
smoke shows lareer than from the flre In
the Cajon Mountains, but there is no
means of learning Its extent. The damage
from the flre below the line cannot be
great.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Diverting of the Flames While
Sweeping Toward the Lanker
shim Tunnel of the San
Diego Flume.
FORTUNATE CHANGE OF WIND
Large Section of the Coun
try Is Already
Devastated.
FIRE RAGING
IN MOUNTAINS
NEAR EL CAJON
TACOMA, Nov. 11.— Oriental advices re
ceived by to-day's steamer state that four
to six million Chinese north of Peking 1 are
In danger. of starvation, their' crops hav
ing been a total failure.
One million picules of tribute rice were
to be dispatched from Shanghai and dis
tributed among these hungry hordes from
the Tientsin and Peking-, but the mili
tary officials at Shanghai have order 1 *
that no rice should be sent out of Cen
tral China. There Is great danger that an
Immense swarm of robbers will be seut
out of the famine district, as usually hap
pens. . . __
Is Feared Marauding Bands
Will Start Out.
Tribute Bice Is Denied Them and It
CHINESE IN NORTH
PACE bTABVATION
PHOENIX, Nov. 11.— From reliable
6ources It Is learned that Senator Clark's
Influence was exerted In Arizona politics
to encompass the defeat of Governor
Murphy for delegate to Congress. Clark
at first' promised Murphy his support,
and, hearing th4s, his opponent, Smith,
secured the assistance of ex-Senator
Faulkner and other Democratic leaders,
whq^ under threat of opposing Clark's
confirmation In the Senate, forced him to
telegraph to General Manager Allen at
the Jerome mine the day before election
Instructions that all Influences be brought
to bear in favor of Smith. As a conse
quence Jerome, which had been expected
to give a heavy vote for Murphy, re
turned a majority for his opponent.
Changes His Support From Murphy
to Smith in Arizona.
As they passed through town Parker
and Roper came in for a good deal of
joshing. Frank Grigsby marched ahead
of the wheelbarrow beating a large drum.
He, too. lost a wager on Bryan, which he
had made with Sherman Gar'dner. All
of the participants are employed at the
asylum. The wheelbarrow was decorated
with American flags. Parker was very
tired at the end of his journey, and it Is
safe to say that he will not again make
any such ¦wager as to the outcome of an
election. The distance covered was three
miles.
CI^ARK'S CHANGE OF HEART.
NAPA, Nov. 11.— Arthur Parker, an em
ploye at the Napa State Hospital, paid a
novel bet on Saturday afternoon at 5
o'clock by wheeling Howard Roper to
town from the asylum and through the
principal streets of Napa to Roper's
home. Parker put his wager on Bryan,
and Roper bet on McKinley. The inci
dent created no end of Interest and ex
citement for the citizens of Napa, who
had turned out in hundreds to witne33
the performance.
PAYS HIS ELECTION BET.
Arthur Parker Wheels Howard Roper
Through Streets of Napa.
F. Hines, chairman of the Republican
Central Committee, at once published his
denial of the letter. It has been traced
to the office of a prominent Democratic
attorney in Susanville. He acknowledges
that the letter was written In his office
on his type-writer, but said a young lady
did all the type -writing in his office, con
sequently she must have used the type
writer.
Lassen County, Cal
(Signed) Most respectfully yours.
Chairman Republican Central Committee of
Dear Sir: "We are In receipt of a letter from
the Republican Central Committee of Sierra
County stating that the nominee for the As
sembly on the Republican ticket for the Sixth
District obtained the nomination through fraud
and misrepresentation and they do not deem
the act worthy the support of the Republican
party. We therefore trust you will use this
to the support of the purity of the party.
The letters purported to come from the
office of the Republican County Commit
tee, but this is denied by Chairman Hlnes,
who pronounces them rank forgeries. The
documents read as follows:
SUSANVILLE. Oct. 31, 1900.
SUSANVILLE. Nov. 11.— A despicable
political trick has Just been brought to
light In this county. A few days before
election letters were mailed to various
voters reflecting on the means used by
John B. Irish to secure the nomination
for the Assembly.
Special Dispatch to Th-e Call.
Committee Has Secured Proof, How
ever, That It Was Written in
the Office of a Demo
cratic Attorney.
AUTHOR'S IDENTITY UNKNOWN
Use of a Forged Letter
in a Lassen County
Contest.
DESPICABLE
TRICK TO BEAT
A CANDIDATE
BOSTON. Nov. lL-CcngTessman Bou
t«U© of Miiae, who was chairman of the
Eocse Committee on Naval Affairs dur
ing: th« stirring times of the Spanish "War,
but who is now confined in the McLean
Insane Asylum at Waverly, Mass., In his
r»vln«s makes startling statements re
flectU^ uj>on Admiral Dewey and upon
tb« war adminstration. His charge
against the hero of Manila Bay is a di
rect allegation of absolute disobedience
o£ orders, the most serious offense poe
eible fcr an officer of the navy. The in
sane Congressman raves over what he im
agines is the secret of a ptate intrigue.
Congressman Boutelle has told several
people that Dewey was ordered to report
at Hongkong after destroying the Span
ish f.eft. ar.d that the action that he took
In ELaymjr at Manila was in direct dis-
obedience of h!s instructions lroin Wash
ington. The dispatches ordering Dewey
to report at Hongkong have never been
published, and Mr. Eoutelle always be
comes excited and incoherent after dwell
ing a few minutes upon the topic. He de
clares that they have been suppressed in
Washington as a part of the policy of the
administration in the Orient.
At times the Congressman clamors to
be released and chafes at his confinement,
I hinting darkly at high powers which pre-
I vents his family taking him home.
"They are afraid of me," he says. "They
j do no dare to let me tell the truth.".
Whenever the patient begins to talk
] on these subjects to a visitor' the at
i tendant who hovers near suggests that
j the caller had better depart, as the sick
: man is becoming excited. The physicians
j are greatly puzzled over the condition of
1 their distinguished patient.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Insane Ex-Congressman Declares Dewey Disobeyed Or
ders in Remaining at Manila.
BOUTELLE RAVES OVER
ALLEGED STATE SECRET
Sayne. or had entered Into double
blessedness, the young woman who may
Inherit a portion of Asa Packer's wealth
was Miss Ida Ashley, daughter of Mr
and Mrs. L. E. Ashley of this city. Her
beauty and talent and winning disposition
made her a general favorite. Her rise
, . • — ¦ —
on the stage was rapid and her friends
rejoiced in her pronounced success. Re
cently she married Archie H. Ellis, the
advance agent of one of the great vaude
ville combinations, and thereupon retires
from the stage. Her expectations of a
fortune are thus set forth in the Buffalo
Courier of October 13:
Miss Vila Sayne. an actress, has just re
ceived word that she Inherits a part of the
f.-.iau? of the late Asa Packer, the great Penn
sylvania railroad king. The news reached her
through a San Francisco firm of lawyers, who
hnve been engaged in looking up the heirs.
Miss Sayne's good fortune comes through the
death of an uncle, Asa Packer Wilbur, who tor
the past twenty years Has lived in San Fran-
Cisco ar.d has been looked on as an eccentric
tlaracter. He died suddenly on August 15 of
this year and his remains were buried In the
putters' Held. On September 1 they were ex
humed and reinterred in a lot in Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
According to the story Asa Packer, uncle oft
the dead man, willed his immense estate to
h!s children, and through a curious combination
of circumstances the direct legatees have been
reduced to four— Miss Sayne and three others.
Her share will amount to at least $5,000,COO.
Miss Sayne in private life is the wife of
Archie H. Ellis and since her marriage about
two years ago she has retired from the stage
and makes her home In Brooklyn, N. Y. Mr.
Kill* is traveling ahead of the Behman rhow.
which will appear in Shea's Garden Theater
next week. Yesterday, while in Buffalo, he
first heard of his wife's big legacy.
Miss Ashley began her dramatic career
by appearing at various amateur theatri
cals. About six years ago she obtained
an engagement with a traveling company
and her former friends lost trace of her.
The news of her good fortune came as a
great surprise.
Mrs. L. E. Ashley says that Asa Packer
was her husband's uncle. She does not
know how much foundation there is to
justify her daughter's expectations of
wealth, but naturally she is greatly In
terested in the subject. Mrs. Ellis has
sent to her mother a great many clip
pings, showing that at least the news
papers appear to believe that there is a
reasonable chance that Miss Sayne will
pet a portion of the millions of Asa
Packer.
¦ ?
Five Million Dollars Her
Share of the Big
Estate.
Mrs, Archie Ellis, Formerly of Stockton, Assured
Her Claims to Wealth Have a Solid Foundation.
Her Father Was Nephew
of the Pennsylvania
Croesus.
Sl>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. ll.-,Claim
ar.ts for the millions left by
Asa Bird Packer. • former
Governor of Pennsylvania,
are bobbing up all over the
world. The latest is Baroness von
Zieber. a niece. She is a singer. Her
n^other was for many years a lady-in
waiting to the Empress of Austria.
A mphew of Asa Packer, who was
known as Asa Packer Wilbur, recently
died in extreme poverty In San Francisco,
whore he had worked for some years as
a reporter on a small dramatic news
paper. When he died he had no money
and was buried in potter's field. flamo
time afterward it was discovered that he
was entitled to a share in the Packer
millions. Later it came'to light that his
niece. Miss? Vila Sayne, as she was known
on the stage, was also a legitimate heir
to the fortune. She was traced to this
city, where it was discovered she had
teen a member of the Weber & Fields
chorus, and had afterward married
Archie Ellis, who is connected with the
Hyde & Behman enterprise in Brooklyn.
She was notitiod by a firm of San Fran
cisco lawyers, and it is now known that
these three persons mentioned are heirs
to an estate of probably $20,000,000.
Mrs. Ellis was born in Stockton. Cal..
and, until a few days ago, knew nothing
of her uncle. Asa Packer Wilbur, the
newspaper reporter. She did not even
know she had an uncle, much less that
he was heir to millions and that she was
his relative. When the news came from
San Francisco it was in the nature of a
surprise, and she at first refused to be
lieve it. She has been convinced, how
ever. Mrs. Ellis, before her theatrical
debut, was known in Stockton as Miss
Ida Ashley.
STOCKTON, Nov. ll.-Before she was
announced on the bill boards as Vila
HOPEFUL THAT SHE WILL INHERIT
PART OF ASA PACKER'S MILLIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1900.
VENGEFUL YOUTH
SHOOTS A COWBOY
Robert Phillips .'of Arizona Kills the Man
Who Slapped Him.
Sp-clal IHspatch. to The Cail
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Nov. H.-Word has
just reached here of the enllng of a Gra
ham County feud by the killing" a few
clays ago on the Blue Rirer. in Eastern
Arizona, of a cowboy naned Posey by a
16-ytax-old boy named Robert Phillips.
Borne months ago Posey was In that sec
tion and g-ot into an altsrcation with the
bey and slapped him. He and the boy's
father armed themselves, but did not
meet, ar.d Posey left the country. He re
turned recently and worked at Clifton a
few weeks. While there he got into
trouble with a Mexican and shots were
exchanged.
. On the day of the killing young Phillip*
cuiG been across the road where he traded
gur.s with some Mexicans, and returr;
>r 'u hor £* waa already :n his father's yard
when he saw Posey coming down the
road on th« tract* of a wacon. Their
rrcornitinn pf-emed to be mutual ana botn
being arnutl they raised their weapons,
firing almost in unison. Posey was h;t
below the left arm. but retained his sou.;
till Phillips had tired four more shots into
his body. Phillips was unhurt. The boy's
father \vas away from home at the time,
but a Justice of the Peace was sent for.
young Phillip? meanwhile guarding the
body from intrusion by teamsters and
others till that official arrived. An in
quest was hold and the jurv returned a
v» rdict of iustifiable nomicide.
The manner of Poaey. who claimed tn
have tome from Indian Territory, anu
his general reputation was such as to
warrant the belief that if the boy had
not killed him he would himself hays
fallen at the hands of Posey.
Little is known of the latter and though
the Incident has its distressing features
it is the general belief that Arizona Is
well rid of another bad man.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11.— Oranr* ship
ments are now being made regrularly
from Sacramento and the Oroville dis
trict. The fruit finds a ready market In
San Francisco at good prices. It Is of
excellent quality.
Orange Shipments.
TJKIAH. Nov. 11.— Three members of the
board of local asylum managers met
last night and dismissed the chaises
against Medical Superintendent E. W.
King. The charges were of a «rrav© na
ture, and had been preferred by Hon. T.
L. Carothers of this city. .
CHAKOES AGAINST
XING DISMISSED
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio. Nov. 11.— Katie
Chambers, who was snatched from the
arms of loving friends on a Thanksgiving
day, is speeding westward to arrive home
on the sixteenth anniversary of her disap
pearance and bring true thanksgiving to
a long lost and joyful parent.
"Who am I— lost, strayed or stolen?"
came Klttie's recent plea from Aiken, S.
C, to Postmaster I. N. Searing of Belle
fontaine, this State. "I have had strange
dreams of late. It may be there is noth
ing in them. I suppose there is not. but
they come persistently to my mind and
trouble me greatly. In my dreams— if
dreams they are— I was enticed away by
gypsies from my nome in Bellefontalne
sixteen years ago. My life has been full
of mystery, care and Ill-treatment. I have
imagined that my father's name was Jo
seph Chambers; that a kind of a letter
from somewhere would reach me. Who
am I — lost, strayed or stolen?"
J. B. Clotworthy of Aiken, S. C. an em
ployer of the unfortunate girl, has also
written to the Postmaster asking him to
lend his necessary assistance in the af
fair. Joseph Chambers, a wealthy mer
chant, formerly resided here, but now is
living in San Diego. Cal.
The child, it is stated, was kidnaped six
teen years ago. and on Thanksgiving day.
A strolling band of gypsies was sus
pected and watched. Despite all efforts no
trace of the little girl was discovered and
she was mourned as one dead. Postmaster
Searing at once communicated with Mr.
Chambers. As a result the following let
ter was immediately dispatched:
"Miss Katie Chambers— My Dear Daugh-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ter: "We have been looking for our child
that was stolen, with broken hearts, for
years, but all in vain. She was taken
when but 4 years of a?e. We gave up all
nope of ever seeing our child alive again
on this earth. Your mother died several
years ago. ami I am aoont to step over
the threshold. I have made my will and
you have $4000. Come on at once. Perhaps
when you receive this message your father
will be in glory. Mav God> blessing be
upon you. So pood-by. Your lovinf?
father, JOSEPH CHAMBERS."
And now Katie Chambers la speeding
westward to gladden the heart of a strick
en father. Her strange hallucinations
have proved a reality. On the morning of
Thanksgiving day there will be rejoicing
Indeed in one California home.
sVlay Soon Greet Parent From Whom She
Was Stolen Years Ago.
KATIE CHAMBERS'
DREAM COMES TRUE
MRS. ARCHIE ELLIS, ONE OF
THE HEIRS TO ASA PACK
ER'S MILLIONS.
3
Out-of'fown orders filled—write us.
Baseball outfit consisting of ball, bat, cap and
belt free with every boys' suit and overcoat
Suits from 9 to if years in size are made with
plain double-breasted coat, and from 5 to 10 years in
size with double-breasted coat, sailor collar and braid.
Some of the pants have double seats and knees.
$2.50
Last Friday morning we put on a special sale of
boys' suits for $2.50. If you knew how well they
sold— how mothers were pleased to get such values,
we would not have to say anything at all about the
The suits are for boys from % to 1 % years of age,
and are made of all-wool materials; the usual values
are S4.00, $4 50 and $5.00; the special price up to
next Thursday night is
Boys' suits
Though the price is
low, remember that if
the overcoat is unsatis-
factory we will return
your money; if you keep
the %coat we will keep it
in perfect repair free for
one year. This is the
store that protects its
customers.
Other overcoats in all
the fashionable weaves
of the season from $7 co upwards.
$ 6.95
No matter what sort of
an overcoat you want we
can fit you with one tfcat
will please you in cut,
style, material and price.
If you want a kersey, a
cheviot, a covert, a whip-
cord, an oxford gray or a
raglan, we have just the
coat you want
With our big assort-
ment to choose from,
you can save time and
money in buying.
One particular value
we are pushing to the
front now is a black ker-
sey overcoat with a vel-
vet collar and good
quality farmer satin
lining; we have sold the
fcoats before at $10.00 —
during this sale we cut
the price to
We have the one you want
Need an overcoat?
ADVEB.TISZ2EE2rrS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH-
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
FiBE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALI* SWTTZERLAND, OX THE
Xl*t Oar of December. A. D. 1839. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to th<:
Inetrance Connnlwiorer cf the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to tb« Provisions of Bectlons
•10 and Cll of the Political Code, condensed
** per bliiak furnlshod by ti»« Commissioner.
ASSETS.
C&sh Market Value of all Stocks and
Boada owc«d by Company IC3S.S23 M
Ca«h In Companjr'e Offlee 4«J 75
Cash Sn banks 106.CS3 31
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
ar.<3 Loact 2.231 e:
PrtTshns* In due Court* of Collection. 107,151 7S
Total Assets .4916.431 II
LIABILITIES.
I.<ossec adjusted and cnp&ld S16.S22 9S
Iy*s<« In process of Adjustment or
:a 8nep«»e r-8.473 TO
licesei rrelstefl. Including expires — 6.S47 S3
Oross premiums on Flre Rteka run-
Einir one year cr less, $276. ! 42 47;
r»in*ursjnce 10 per cent lit. 421 24
©roes rremluras on Fire Risks run-
ning more then one year. J1U.4S6 92;
relnfurenc* pro rata C6.S29 V,
Cotsxnlssfors and Brokerage due and
to become due 11.2S1.T3
All otiier CecnnxiAB against tbe cna-
penx Zi.mvi
Total LlabU!t!w WST.1CS 12
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
preduxni J-ill.HJ S3
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Lccltis and from all
other sources 27.164 18
Total Income Uro.Vl 41
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Flre Ixxpses <In-
cludlns J24.8S4 ». losses oi previous
year*) '..... $205,367 47
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Broketa^e 114.945 87
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for ofScrrs, clerks. *tc 8, WO CO
Paid for State. National and Local
taxei l&.OSS C5
All other payments and expenditures. 17.286 21
Total Expenditures X13.1S7 00
Flre.
LOSSES lnoarred during the year E1S.949 K
IV. ', ;¦ ¦ and Premiums. ! Flre Risks. Premlumw.
Net amount of Rl*k*j
JCet amount of Risks
fS&ZSSZxS ".048.28. ™>™'*
3Cpt amount In force
L^cerEber 21. IS* <7.61l<» 490,299 3»
SAUL r~ WEED of Weed A Kennedy.
United States Managers.
Bubscrtbod* ar.d rwern to before me. thlj 27th
t,r of January. Wfc_
SYZ & CO., General Agents,
S01 California Street.
Purely veretabla, mild and rellabl*. Cause
perfect Alrestlon. complet* absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders cf the Stomach.
1/ver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
recularttle*. eiek Headache. BllloueneM. Con-
st) nation. Piles and all dermasemsnts of the
Internal Viscera. 2Se a box. At Drorrl't*. or
tgr aaU. &AX>VTAT A CO.. !t'*w York.
- ¦- -
718 Market Street.
SflVVoopsfpSir'Thomas Lipton is determined that the design
of the new challenging yacht shall be kept a profound
and inviolable secret. Perhaps he wants to save the
reputation of the designers.
From scores of sources—local, State and national
comes the assurance that with' the re-election of Mc-
Kinley is ushered a new reign of prosperity. Wil
liam Jennings Bryan is yet to be heard from on the
subject.
The. candor with which the local Civil Service Com
mission is announcing new examinations because
those' already given, were unfair ought to suggest to
the Commissioners the propriety, of resigning in
favor of men who know, their business.
The lawyers who are trying, in the fog of legal
lore, to demonstrate that the integrity of our Ioc?l
civil service rests upon a legal fiction should never
forget that the Civil Service Commission, for most
San Franciscans, is a most uncomfortable' fact."
It is announced that European nations will get
their first glimpse of an American warship when the
Kentucky visits the Old World. This is one way of
saying that Spain didn't have time to see while that
little episode off the island of Cuba was in progress.
Mrs. Browne — Mrs. Sharp has a dumb
waiter In her house now.
Mrs. Towne— Don't you believe It. If it's
the same one that waited on the door
when I called there he's not so dumb but
what he'll He for her.— Philadelphia Press.
"Marie, did you bring me a present from
Parla?" ¦¦ iSB|»*«mH«B
"Of course, Harry, and I brought a lot
of beautiful things for you to give me on
my birthday and our anniversary."— In
dianapolis Journal.
Lady Assistant (J.ehind counter, to cab
man-Pair of fcloves?
Cabman— Yes, miss. ,*..,;, ri:^
Lady Assistant — What is your number?
Cabman — Fifteen hundred and ninety
three, niteS.— Tlt-BltS.
Mrs. Muggins (out shopping)— I'm buy
ing f»om<i nockties for my husband.
Mr«. Buggins-Graclous! Will he wear
airs. Muggins— No; but I will.—Philadel
phia Record.
City Nephew— What do you think of Dr.
Pillsfaury as a physician?
Farmer Hayroob — Safest doctor any
where In this part of the county— nearly
always off fiEhin' whtsn he's wanted.—
Judge.
Visitor— Is thia an old homestead or a
modern imitation of antiquity?
Tenant— Oh; it's rew, brand new. The
rocf leaks in forty places.— New Tork
Weekly.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
THE DECLINE OF THE BICYCLE.
SOME time ago we directed attention to reports
from Great- Britain concerning the decline in
the bicycle trade in that kingdom. The report3
were to the effect that not only had the number of
machines sold during the year been smaller than in
any year for some time past>,but that the machines
in demand were of the cheaper grades. Those facts
were regarded by British authorities as evidences that
bicycling as an amusement for wealthy men and
women has about run its course, and the machine is
now to be used mainly for purposes of utility by
those who have occasion to cover considerable dis
tances either in the course of their work or in going to
and from their homes and their places of employment.
It now appears there has been something of a simi
lar decline in bicycling in this cotfntry, although the
information concerning it does npt come from the
trade, as did that of Great Britain. The signs of th"
decline here have been noted on the streets and in the
parks. Thus the Washington Post notes that society
in that city has well nigh given up the use of the
wheel? The fact is the more. notable because Wash
ington is, of all American cities, best adapted for
cycling. It has miles of well streets^ paved
with smooth asphaltum, and most of them are without
heavy grades. Moreover, as is well known, it is "a'
city of magnificent distances," and accordingly there
are almost all kinds of inducements for using the ma
chine both for pleasure and for business. Neverthe
less the Post notes that at present the wheel is hardly
ever used for pastime, and is now employed chiefly, as
Morris Meyerfeld Jr.. president of the
Orpheum Circuit Company, leaves this
evening for a' tour of inspection of the
houses under his control. His trip will
take him from the Pacific to the Atlantic,
as far south as the Gulf of Mexico, and
wJU include all the principal clt.'es of the
United States.
James Walter, a prominent merchant of
Yokohama, Japan, arrived here yesterday
with his wife and daughter for a brief
stay, and registered at the Occidental.
Louise Homer, one of the members of
the Grau Grand Opera Company, has en
gaged apartments at the Occidental.
Hervey Llndley, the weli-known politi
cian, formerly of Los Angeles and now of
Klamath. Or., is- at the Palace.
Railroad Commissioners Edson and La
Rue arrived in this city yesterday and
registered at the Occidental.
James MacMullen. managing editor of
the San Diego TJnion, arrived in this city
yesterday for a brief stay.
H. "W. Newby, a deputy in the United
Statf-s Surveyor's office at Reno, Nev., is
a guest at the Palace.
E. W. Hadley, a merchant of Santa
Barbaca, is registered at the Lick with
his wife.
D. C. Wilgus. an iron manufacturer of
Los Angeles, is a late arrival at the
Grand.
"W. S. Carter, a merchant of Santa Rosa,
is at the Occidental, accompanied by his
wife. . '
J. F. Dunne, an extensive rancher of
San Felipe, is at the Palace with his wife.
C. C. Walte of Los Angeles Is at the
California.
W. Darnrril, a banker of Los Gatos. is
at the Lick.
Fred F. Burns, a banker of Vancouver,
B. C, is at the Occidental with his wife.
\V. A. Morrissey, a merchant of Stock
ton, is one of the arrivals at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
All the wood work In the French cruiser
Isly is to be taken out. to be replaced with
iron and steel bulkheads, etc
A stfamplpe on board the new Fr«jc£
gunboat Decide* burst on September : 21
last while the vessel lay oft! TV eihal-We..
killing one man and Injuring another.
• • • • .
The Cronstadtske Vcatnik, official organ
of the Russian navy, states In a recent
issue that no more orders for ships are to
be placed abroad, and intimates that it is
desirable to encourage and develop home
yards. . . -. .
Three British Ironclads have been struck
oft the effective list, namely, the Invin
cible, Swiftsure and Hydra. They are a
good riddance, worthless as ships of war,
serving no good purpose, and only a
source of expense.
• • •
It is alleged that the Argentine Republic
has received a gentle hint from Germany
that future naval contracts must, like
those of Turkey, be placed in Germany.
This intimation of Emperor William's
wish is said to have been brought about
through the large number of Germans re
siding in the Argentine.
• • •
The British armored cruiser Undaunted,
at present on the China station, is to bo
ordered home, where she will be fitted out
to serve as a seagoing tender to the gun
nery ship Cambridge. The rent, ordnance,
etc.. la estimated to cost $237,500. The
Cambridge is stationed at Devonport and
serves as a school of gunnery.
• • • »
The American sixteen-inch rifled gun
approaching completion will be located on
th« seacoast fortifications of New York
and it will be hazardous for any armored
vessel to approach within ten miles t>f Its
range. This gun will reach farther and
hit harder than any ordnance hitherto
built. Its range is calculated at 20.978
miles, in makinp which distance the tra
jectory or highest altitude of the mlssle
reaches a heljht of 30,516 feet. Tho shot
weighs 2370 pounds and the powder charge
576 pounds.
Flag officers in foreign navies are much
younger men than in our navy, and not
ably so in the British, Russian and Ger
man navies, where the rank of rear ad
miral Is reached at the ago of about 50.
Vice Admiral Rawson, commander-in
chlef of the British fleet in Chinese
waters, is only 57 years of age and became
a rear admiral at 49 and a vice admiral at
55. Vice Admiral AlexlfT of the Russian
navy is also 57 years -old.' was \. rear ad
miral at 49 and promoted to his present
rank three years agro. In the United
States navy Admiral Dewey Is nearly 63
years old and the average age of the
eighteen rear admirals Is Si>\± years.
Three are 61 years old, four 60, four 59,
four 6S and three are 57 years old. Five of
them attained their present rank in 1S9S,
ten In 1899 and three during the present
year. It will not be until about 1310 that
the rank of rear admiral w!U be reached
at the age of 52 or 53, unless, there is a
large exodus among the captains and up
per numbers of commanders within the
next few years.
• • *
The.United States armored cruiser New
York ha3 been in continuous commission
since August 1. 1833. and is now to bo laid
up for necessary extensive repairs She
has proved herself one of the most efll
cl«nt ships In our navy and on her recent
run from .New York to Newport. Rhodo
Island, averaged 17.3 knots .under natural
draught for six hours, and 20.59 knots
under forced draught. The New York was
built by the Cramps and realised a speed
of 21 knots during her four hours' trial
run on May 22, 1893. The trial was made
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
under the most favorable conditions—
selected coal, expert firemen and a. small
army of skiUed engineers attending thw
machinery. Her recent perforEMtneo Indi
cates that the ship has not deteriorated,
but on the contrary could, probably «=cceed
her run of seven years af;i> txoder a*
favorable conditions aa thea. S£s earned
a epeed bonus of 1200,000 to her trafltSors.
exclusive of which the sh$p cost £4,146.
642 39. including armament. Her repairs
up to July 1. IS39. foot up to PH^13. which
Is six per cent of the first cost, exctaffins
tho guns. An average cost of repairs of
one per cent per annum is phenomenally
low — there is no record so low in any
other navy of a eWp's repairs during els
years and winding up with so brflSast.a,
run.
The Bear Worshipers.
The curious Ainu race, which originally
occupied tho whole of the Island of Teao
is rapidly vanishing before the influx of
Japanese Immigration. According to re
cent investigations they now only num
ber some 16.000, and in a few more decade?
they will probably bo totally absorbed.
They are th» hairiest race la ta» waj-ld.
are filthily dirty In their habits acd ter
ribly addicted to drnnkenness. They wor
ship bears and pnakes, and in some cases
live in caves like the troftlodytas of the
Red Sea, Their skeletons have many pe
culiarities in common with those of tin*
ancient cave men found la Enrowan
etrata.— London Mail.
It is, of course, a sentimental issue merely, but
sentiment is worth something. It will be worth
while for California's representatives in Congress to
ask the Navy Department to reconsider the deter
mination to give the name of California to a cruiser.
The name of California should be borne on the ocean
not by a flying "commerce destroyer," but by a fight
ing ship that flies from nothing and is able to win
victory on the seas from anything that floats under
an alien flag.
There is, however, another claim that California
can put forward. In the shipyards of this State have
been constructed battleships that are the pride of thi
navy. At this time the war vessel which among all
the fleets on the ocean has achieved the greatest feat,
and which bears the proud title "peerless," is the
Oregon; and she was constructed in our shipyards.
Nor docs that vessel stand alone as an evidence of
what California shipyards can do in the way of battle
ship construction. By right of our achievements in
that line, therefore, we can with justice ask that the
name California be reserved for the next great battle
ship which the nation builds.
There will be something of gratification in knowing
that the ship that bears the name of California in our
navy will be as good as any of her class, but the
gratification will fall far short of satisfaction. Cali
fornia is entitled to representation in the navy by a
battleship rather than by a cruiser. This is one of
the foremast States of the Union. It is in no sense
inferior to Maine, Oregon, Kentucky, Iowa and
others whose names in the navy are borne by battle
ships. On that score alone we have a right to claim
a battleship of the highest class for the State, and to
feel disappointment at the selection of' "California"
as the name for a cruiser when other ships of that
class are named after second-rate States.
J— -JROM the special correspondent of The Call at
I Washington there was published yesterday a full
account of the plans adopted for the armored
cruiser which is to bear the name "California." It
is expected that when completed she will be one of
the best ships of her class upon the ocean; and the
class will be a large one, for there are to be con
structed for our own navy five other cruisers of equal
dimensions, to bear the names West Virginia, Mary
land, Nebraska, Colorado and South Dakota-
CALIFORNIA IN Th|E NAVY.
The Pacific Coast is not a whit behind the other
sections of the land In commercial activity. We are
still rolling up a great export record, while local trade
was never better at this time of the year, except in
1S90, when we were enjoying a boom over the out
fitting of troops and transports for the Philippines.
Xor are we very far behind 1899 as it is. Money is
plentiful at easy rates, collections are as good as they
ever are, and there are no large failures to cause dis
trust. In fact, the Pacific Coast has been the banner
section of the country in a business way for months.
The country, from present indications, has four'
active and prosperous years ahead of it. True re
verses may come, for this country is so intimately
bound up with the European nations in trade and
finance that any national disaster there is apt to affect
the United States in sympathy; but as far as this
country is individually concerned there is nothing now
in sight to indicate other than a period of long-con
tinued prosperity. , . .
It was in Wall street, however, that the greatest
activity prevailed. All through the week trading was
heavy, and for three days after the election the figures
exceeded the million mark. Orders for securities
came from all sections of the country, and the feelinf
of gratification and relief over the result of the elec^
tion was pronounced. A significant feature was thi
advance in the price of seats in the Stock Exchange!
On Thursday the business was next to the great rec
ord day of December 18, 1899, with the important dif
ference that the latter was a bear day, while last
Thursday was a great bull day.
There was more change in the condition of the lead
ing staples after the election. The ante-election apathy
was succeeded by a tendency to fluctuate. Sugar de
clined. The Chicago packers made a flat advance of
1 cent per pound on beef, pork and mutton. Wheat
rose, partly under adverse reports from the Argen
tine, and partly owing to the spirit of improvement
permeating the commercial atmosphere. Wool and
cotton also did better, the latter owing to fears of
crop damage, and the former under the stimulus of a
better demand. The iron trade seemed to acquire
renewed life, and Chicago reported the largest week's
business this year. Birmingham, Pittsburg and Cin
cinnati also reported increased activity, with more
sales in certain lines than for rponths. The West re
ported dry goods, clothing, boots and shoes and
hardware moving off better. The East quoted an in
creased movement in leather, shoes, wool, tobacco
and coal. Hides were quoted active and very firm al!
over the country. Thus it will be seen that the tri
umph of the sound-money party at the polls re
sulted in an immediate improvement in business, as
all intelligent business men knew it would.
But the revival was not limited to stocks and bonds.
Merchandise felt the infusion of the commercial tonic,
and bankers and merchants reported a large increase
in business. Goods in large amounts were shipped
out of Chicago to country merchants who had made
their orders. subject to McKinley's election, and an
army of commercial travelers was sent out into the
field: One firm alone sent out fifty men, most of
whom would have stayed at home had Bryan been
elected.
THE feature of business last week was the im
mediate revival following the election of Presi
dent McKinley. Operations of all sorts, which
had been timorously held in abeyance for several
months in the apprehension of an adverse result of
the election, burst into sudden bloom. There was
an immediate advance all along the line of stocks in
Wall street, both industrials and railways rising ma
terially under th« heaviest trading for a long tim;.
The demand for securities was so sharp that it over
whelmed many commission brokers, who, though
they kept their ofnees open all night, were obliged to
decline large lines of offered business. Nor was this
rush to resume active trading confined to New York.
The London market also became excited, and all
offerings from New York were immediately absorbed.
The American securities dominated everything. To
employ the language of the cabled report, "they were
the first, the rest were nowhere."-
A POST-ELECTION BOOM.
Have you seen Mollie Thomas In her
The evening of the a«t Instils the date
««et for the donation party of the Forum
Club. There will be a splendid musical
programme and lota of more Joy than
that which will naturally result from the
many packages of good things that the
guests will hand to the man at the door.
While thet ladles of the Forum Club are
always having a gcod time among them
selves, it Is but seldom that they allow
the gentlemen to share these pleasures
with them. On donation nl&ht the sterner
sex are to be made welcome, and I under
stand that there will be things "doing"
that will make the men wish that the
Forum members would more frequently
open their hospitable doors-
• • •
I have been toM that President Morris
Meyerfeld Jr. of th* Orphetira Amuse
ment Company Is about to purchase th©
magnificent McNutt lot on California
street and that he will erect upon It a pa
latial home. Just at present the title Is
being searched, but within a week. I be
lieve, the sale will be consummated.
Mr. Meyerfeld has an onU' daughter—
a bf autlful and talented younsr mis*—
and the prospective new home will know
many an entertainment given In her
honor.
won't find mistakes to s!gh about. In
all her purchasing Mrs. Taylor has had
the assistance of her ptster Edna's rare
good taste and Found Judgment.
Gertrude Lewis has again «tartled' New
York— this time wltli an entire Eattesi
b«re gown, to which Eastern newspapers
have devoted columns In explanation and
Illustration. I have heard that Ger
tie is about to bring' her gloTtocs ward
rob* and limited repertoire to th!s. her
native town, and will giro playgoers a
sample of her art at the Alcazar. If half
the number of people who ha.v« kno-wn
the bounty of the Lewis family go to
eea Gertie act tiJ» beautiful fflrl wlU play
for many nights to "standing room only."
Gertie's grandfather Is 8. W. Levy, th»
president of the Associated Charities, and
without exception the most benevolent
gentleman in town, while Gertie's mother
has been a worthy aid to her father la
his splendid .generosity.
• • •
swell new tailor sown and Continental
hat? If you have not yon vnunt to pray
to the gofis that they fa-vor yen with a.
BlRht of her-, for In them she is a. pictcr«
that would mafcf the original Gibson plrl
turn irrera with envy. Her grirwn ts of a
roush Mu© senre and all tho eeams art*
stitched In white. Her hat Is white and
knows no trimming save a bunch of mag
nificent ostrich balls. When MolU> come«
down town on her mr-tutlnal shopping ex
pedition the street is filled with enough
snowy "peninsulas'* to put all the rwan
family to shame. All agree she 13 «tun
nlng, although some admirers rns'.&t that
sh» looks even better In her tan ulster
than she does In her tailor salt.
MJSS RUTH McXTJTT. WHO WILL BE ilAIU OF HONOR.AT THE "WED
DING OF HER SISTER MAMIE AXD LIEUTENANT POTTER. TO
BE CELEBRATED IN MANILA.
Taken altogether, the songs of this year have been
much below the level of campaign singing in former
years, .and we have no reason to regret that it was
limited in quantity. It is worth noting in closing
that a' Prohibition song tells how a Sunday-school
man went about for a year denouncing a brewer for
selling beer, but on 'election day voted the regular
ticket; and the song closes: '
The foxy old brewer was cheerful and mellow;
Said he: "I admire that Sunday school fellow;
He's true to his church— to his party he's truer, -!,/.
He talks for the Lord, but he votes for the brewer."
Another campaign song, which can hardly be classi
fied as to party, since it strikes at both McKinley
and Bryan, and may be the production of a mugwump
or a middle-of-the-road Populist, starts out in this
way:
Oh, have you heard sweet William from the wild and
woollv West,
Who warbles, "Vote for silver now, the devil take the
rest!
'Twill brlnj? us all prosperity In the sweet by and by!"
I wonder, while he warbles thus, does Willie wink his
eye?
For it don't make any difference to either you or I,
For it's bis hog— or little hog-
Root, hojr. or die!
A Democratic lyric called "The Farmer's Cam
paign Song," represents a farmer addressing his wife
and saying in one verse:
I have rlz up many a morning? hour before the sun,
And nlcht has o'ertaken me before the task was done:
Vhcn weary with my labor, 'twas this that nerved my
arm: * „,
The Free Silver party will pay the mortgage on the farm.
It is noted that the chief characteristic of the cam
paign songs of this year is the frequency of their ap
peals to the memory of Jefferson and Lincoln, and
it is also. a characteristic of the time that both of those
'great memories were appealed to on both sides. Out
side of- the appeals to the patriots of the past there
were marked differences between the songs of the two
parties. As a rule, Republican songs were exultant
chants for prosperity and victory, while the Demo
cratic songs were characterized by references to pov
erty and promises of good times to come.
A typical Republican song, "The Bugle Sounds
Again," has this chorus:
The grand old party bugle Is sounding far and wide,
McKlnley and Roosevelt on our elephant are astride,
And straight to the White House in November they
will go,
While Bryan on the jncknss will flounder In the snow.
From the beginning campaign songs have been
crude as to language and not particularly lofty in
sentiment. They arc frequently set, however, to well
known airs, so that the melodies are often popular
and catchy. Crude as the words are, however, the
songs serve, as the correspondent points out, to show
what sort of appeals were most popular in each cam
paign. The songs of 1868, for example, were all ap
peals to sustain the work of the Civil War on th-
Republican side and Greenback appeals and denun
ciations of the "Rads" on the Democratic side.
It appears, however, that the campaign just finished
was comparatively scngless. A correspondent of the
New York Times who has gone over the campaign
songs on file in the musical department of the Con
gressional Library says that in comparison with other
years "1900 makes a very slim showing." He adds:
"Of what songs there are about nine-tenths are Dem
ocratic. The Republican output is so slim that it is
hard to find. The music department is full of Re
publican songs of past years, particularly of 1868 and
1896, which were great years for Republican songs,
but it takes persistent search to find Republican songs
of 1000."
SINCE the earliest days of the republic Presi
dential campaigning has been marked by the
liberal use of songs. There have been times
indeed when the campaign song was more notable
than the oratory. The election of William Henry
Harrison was an instance of that kind. The Whigs
in that contest had two songs of such force that the
fame of them lives tven to our day; and there is
hardly any American who has not heard of "Tippe
canoe and Tyler, Too," and of "Poor Little Van Is a
Used-up Man."
SONGS OF THE CAMPA:GN.
MONDAY NOVEMBER 12, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MAKAGKR'S OFFICE. ...... .Trie phoiia Prwi» ?*?*
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. P.
Telephone- Pres» 201.
EOITOHIAL noons SIT to 22t Stevenson St.
Telephone Prens 202.
Delivered li» Currier*. IS Cfnim Per Week.
Sfntrle Coplmi. S Cent*.
Terra* t»r Mnll. Including 1 Po«tjucei
DATIiT CALk Onchidlnit Sunday), cne year PM
DAHiT Call (including Sunday), • months l.«4
TJXTLtT CaLTj (including Sunday), I month*.. ...... .......... 1.64
DAILT CALL— By Single Month «8c
feCXDAT CAXIfc One Tear 1.69
W EEKLT CAUL. One Tear 1.30
All poi(in«i(<T« »re nntTiorf eeel to receive
subscriptions.
temple ecpie« trill .be frrwarded --hen requested.
Kail ¦tsbnerlberH In erderlnx ehasre or nAArrt* *bould r*
particular to rive both ICEVT AXD CL.D ADDRESS la order
to iseure a. prompt and correct compllaxic* with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 1118 Brondwny
C GEORGES KHOCJfESS.
Vtner-er Foreign Advertising. Marquetts Building, Chicago.
<Lcc* DleUnce Telephone "Central 2€1».">
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CABLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE::
STEFIIESf n. SMITH 30 Tribune Rnlldlne
1TEW TORK NEWS STAXDS:
Vr&jacrf'AEtoria Betel; A. Srenta&a, a Colon Eauare;
Horror H1H Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS!
Rxensaa Hocse; P. O. Newt Co.: Great NorUiern Hotel:
Firmest Boose; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D. C* OFFICE. . . .14OB O St.. 3f. W.
MOKTOS K. CRAXK. Correwmdenr.
Helen has been reared in luxury. Her
taste is good and as is to be expected,
extravagant. In spite of it all, though',
she knows the actual money value of
things, and when her bills are all In she
Mrs. Augustus Taylor (Helen Hopkins)
is reveling In the luxurious pastime of
furnishing her new home. She is attend
ing personally to the purchasing of every
yard of carpet and piece of furniture
that is to form part of the luxurious
furnishings and is eiurly and late at the
pleasant and expensive task.
The Loughboroughs are about to pive
up their home- on Franklin street and will
go to Coronado beach for the winter
months. Air. and Mrs. Charles Josselyn
have taken the hous=e for the winter and
will entertain extensively there in honor
of their charming daughter.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Parrott have also
decided not to keep house this winter,
and, like the Kruttschnitts, will be located
at the Richelieu.
Little by little the Burlingamites are
getting back to town and settling down
for tho winter reason. Last 'week brought
back Mr. end Mrs. Henry T. Scott and
Miss Mary Scott, Mr. and Mrs. Mountford
S. Wilson and Mr. and Mrs. Julius Krutt
schnitt. The KruttshnUts will not enjoy
the comforts of home, but will spend the
season at the Richelieu.
Mr. Foorman was made a citizen in
Ohio in '47, and in '48 cast his first ballot
for President, voting for Taylor. "Taylor
wa3 an Ohio man. So is McKinley." That
is the argument Mr. Foorman used with
Dr. Lane and that was the argument that
made science yield to sentiment • and
patriotism.
The prettiest story that I heard In con
nection v.-ith the election was told about
dear old Sum Foorman, stanch Republi
can, who since MS never has neglected to
cast his ballot for the Republican candi
date. For the past few months Mr. Foor
man has been ill and the greater part
of the time confined to his bod. On Mon
day last the old gentleman celebrated his
eighty-second birthday ari*d on Tuesday,
backed by his tremendous will power and
the permission of his physician, he got
out of bed. was assisted to his carriage
and driven to the polls, where he cast his
vote, a straight Republican one.
This ira.ts the flattest election I ever saw.
I know any number of girls who stood
ready to wager any number of gloves and
boxes of candy on the result, but no one
would bet with them. The girls stood solid
for McKlnley and the boys, too— wor3e
luck. But in spite of no betting, there was
considerable excitement. Mrs. Max Sloss
and Mrs. Julius Kahn told me that last
Tuei-day was the most exciting day of
their lives. Louis SJoss Sr. also put In
some exciting hours and when the victory
finally came to his baby boy I was told
the dear old daddy was In a state of al
most complete collapse.
\ATURAL.I/T wo ar» all tallcing
opera and feeling an 'unusually
keen interest In Mclba, for most
of us hav© met her. I will never
forest that porgeous supper Peter
Martin save us In her honor,
neither will I forget the Indignation meet-
Ing our dear mammas held the day after.
Every one of the elrls asked went, with
the full consent of their respective par
ents, yet the next day there waa a howl,
and the mammas, Instead of shouldering
the blame, put It all on poor Peter'B shoul
ders and said he should have known bet
ter tlian to ask their poor Innocents. Then,
too, I remember all the talk about the
wealth of grorgeous flowers dear Peter
used to Ecnd to the prima donna. • He
blew In— oh, I don't know how many dol
lars—and there were all sorts of dellclou*
stories afloat. What a pity, I say, that
Peter Is not In town this season. Poor
boy, he Is such an admirer of art that I
look upon his absence as quite a calamity.
BY SALLY SHARP.
OF allthe fakes which distinguished the • last
Bryan campaign, the one put out by the Ex
aminer just before the day of election, claim
ing that there was an attempt all over the country
to boycott and overawe the president of Wells, Fargo
& Co., easily takes the first prize. A picture.pf Val
entine was run in connection with the letter of Banker
Spitzer so there could be no mistake in the identity
of the good man sought to be unjustly intimidated.
This paper at the time denounced the proceeding
as a political roorback which was sprung at the last
minute to give the closing scenes of the Bryan cam
paign a dramatic effect and in the hope that some
votes might be affected by it. We then asserted that
Valentine must have had possession of this letter for
nearly two months, and if he was honest about this
scare, why did he not sooner appeal to the country
for protection? In an interview published in his or
gan the next day Valentine admitted that this threat
ening letter had been in his hands several weeks be
fore he made this outcry about intimidation.
It is now reported that this play for sympathy had
also another motive behind it. That at the opening
of the campaign Valentine was taken into the Demo
cratic camp, and visions of high political office danced
before him. That afterward great indignation was
expressed by many of the stockholders of Wells,
Fargo & Co. that the president of the company should
attempt to earn his $25,000 salary by devoting his
time and the facilities of the company in preparing
and disseminating his Bryan effusions. That appeals
were made to the directors of the company to stop
this abuse, and that toward th« end of the campaign
Valentine saw not only that Bryan's chances were
gone but that he was also in danger of losing his own
head, and so set up this threat dodge as a cover and
to save himself from deposition by indignant stock
holders.
Letters from some of these stockholders complain
ing of the abuse of his position by Valentine have
come to our attention. This is not a matter with
which the general public has to deaJ, 'and the stock
holders can do as they please, but if they arc wise
they will speedily rid themselves of this faker who
has been without an equal in this State since the days
of Dr. McDonald and his vinegar bitters. Ten years
ago Wells, Fargo & Co. was the most popular cor
poration in this State; to-day, by reason of resistance
to the war tax and the political performance of Valen
tine, it is the most unpopular, the' Southern Pacific
always excepted.
The Republican party has no grievance against
Valentine. His influence did it no harm. The em
ployes of the company understand the trick by which
he kept up his own salary in 1894, though pretending
to reduce it, while he cut the wages of the rest. We
are advised that some of the Bryan documents which
he sent out to the employes were returned with re
marks of disapproval and defiance. If those inter
ested in the company are satisfied to keep this Peck
sniff in his position the public can endure him. but
we predict that he will soon be relegated to a position
where he will have to pay charges for the transporta
tion of his political documents.
VALENTINE'S ROORBACK.
SOCIETY: ABOUT THE OPERA AND PETER MARTIN
The decline in cycling as an amusement does not
in any way imply a deterioration-of the wheel as a
useful machine. It was never so speedy or so con
venient as now. It will remain a valuable help to
workingmen and to all persons who live at a distance
from their places of business.- To that extent labor
is indebted to the fashion that made the fine/ind per
fected wheel a possibility, and thus the cycling fad is
one that has not been without benefit to the whole
community — which is much more than can be said for
golfing."
In Philadelphia a similar condition' of things Is
noted. During the month oi August of this year
only 40,037 bicycles entered Fafrmount Park, while
the number for August last year was 91,968. Com
menting upon the situation the Record says: "This
great diminution" is not due to any fault of the wheel,
which has been improved with each year, but may
be traced to the fickleness of the pleasure-seeking
Americans. The people of this country took to the
bicycle like a starved dog to a bone.. In his new en
thusiasm a preacher declared that the Creator, had
made a mistake in not bringing man into the world
ready equipped with rubber-tire wheels. For a few
years the chief object of most earnest lives was to ac
quire a $100 bicycle or to master its eccentricities.
From infants to centenarians, all the world was rolling
along and clamoring for good roads."
The New York Times notes in that city "it has been
evident for some time that the craze was over. The
bicycle is still seen, and upon the boulevard,
in considerable numbers, though not in the intermin
able lines that formerly made the wheel parade a Sun
day wonder."
an article of utility to get clerks and workmen to and
from their business, and occasionally to carry former
bicycle devotees to the golf links.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1900.
AN OPPORTUNITY.— Take advantage °f the
round-trip steamer tickets, only S69 during No
vember. Including fifteen tUys" board at Hotel
del Coronado, the Ideal rummer and winter re
aort. Apply at 4 New Montgomery at., city. •
District Attorney Eyington has found in the fre
quent delays in the trial of the poolroom cases an
occasion for deep merriment. While no one wishes
tr make the distinguished. District Attorney less
funny than he is, he might choose a subject less se
rions for his hilarity.
4
is only a failure of strength.
It takes strength to get strength.
Get strength of stomach first.
Your stomach will then look
out for your body. Scott's
emulsion of cod-liver oil ena-
bles your stomach to get it
from usual food; and this is
the way to restore the whole
body.
Well send you > Ultle to try if too U>e.
SCOTT &B0WNE, m Pearl street, New Vox*
NERVOUS
-
PROSTRATION
CaL erlac- fruit 50e per rt> at TownseadTB.*
Epeclal Information snpptled daily to
business houses and public men tr ths
iTess CllpplnsBnrtau <Al!en"s>. 510 Mont-
gomery et. Telephone Main 1M2. •
Drawing Booms and Dressing Rooms.
Both are provided on new Pullman Sleepln?
cars leaving Chicago daily aver Pennsylvania
Short Lines for IMttsburr. Harrtstxir^. BnMI-
more, Washington. Philadelphia and Ne»r
York. The new cars are conaplet* in comforts
for the traveler. The delights of a Journey in
them may be ascertained by art<lr«ssing A, S.
J. Holt. Pacific Coast Agent. 3O ilCMitgomery
street, San Ftanrlnco, Co!.
In Edlnt)urjr. In'!., a hotel has been
run exclusively by women for flftv
years. A woman built thr> hotel and ran
It for seventeen years. th*»n It was solij
to the present owner, who has b«en ran-
ninR it thlrty-thrre years. A bachelor
boarrlor remained at the hotel twenty-five
y^ars.
AMUSEMENTS.
¦ •
Alc«*a.r— ••I.oFt Paradise."
Columbia — "The Ameer."
Alhatnbra— "A Youns "Wife."
Tivol!— "Err.anl."
California— Royal Marine Band of Italy.
Orjiheuru — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-hous*— "Homed et Juliette."
Olyropla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon aad
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Century Hall— Dramatic Recitals Friday Evening.
Putro Batht — Open nlsfcts.
Cakland Hace Track— Races.
ADVERTISEMENTS.•*• atlc mise-en-scene. between his business
like thumb and forefinger and conducts
his conversation by beats.
"You have come a long way to give us a
treat, Mr. Grau."
' .. T 'T es> " £ nd t he eyeglasses beat andante.
"I hope San Francisco will appreciate It
As for the trip," here the glasses tripped
a livelier measure, "I could wish to make
lightful. The prospects? Delightful. Mo
rosco's Theater? Delightful. Mr. Grau is
a happy man. He cannot estimate his ex
penses.
"London cannot afford such perform
ances as you arc to get," said Mr. Grau.
"Fancy eight performances a week Why,
In Paris they give but eight In a season.
It Is extraordinary; wonderful. I think it
IMPRESARIO MAURICE GRAU
FINDS EVERYTHING DELIGHTFUL
REPORT OF THE
INDIAN BUREAU
COMMISSIONER
Recommends the Abolish
ment of General Issuance
of Rations.
Controverts the Theory That the
Noble Red Man Is Being Exter
minated by the Advent of
Civilization.
WASHINGTON, Nov. U.-The Ictal ex
penditure by the Government on account
of the Indian service from March 4. 1793.
up to and Including July SO, 1900. has been
fSCS,SC«.:i7. according to the annual report
of Commissioner of Indian Affairs Wil
liam A. Jones. The expenditures for the
n?ca£ year ended Jast July amounted to
S10.1, o.lCT. Of this amount $3,330,000 was
devoted io the cause of Indian education.
Under the head of obstacles to self-sup
port of the Indians the report deprecates
the ration system, annuity payments and
the leasing of allotments. The ration sys
tem, says the report. Is the corollary "of
the reservation system. The Indian pop
ulation of the rnited States is about 267.
£>J. of which 43.270 receive a daily ration.
The ration has been gradually reduced the
past few years, in accordance with the
policy of the Indian bureau. If the In
dians claim for full rations as a right is
conceded the Commissioner predicts that
the time when they will be self-supporting
lies in the very distant future, if it comes
at all. The Commissioner urges that the
indiscriminate issue of rations should stop
at once.
There is now in the treasuryto the cred
it of the Indian tribes $33,315,955 09. draw
ing interest at the rate of 4 and 5 per cent,
the anr.ual interest amounting to $1,646.
4So 96. Beside? this several of the tribes
have large incomes from leasing and oth
<r sources. It it a safe prediction that so
lor.p as rhese fur.ds exist they will be the
prey of designing people, the ultimate
disposition of the Indian funds Is a sub
ject for the most serious consideration.
The general i^as-'ing of their allotments
by the Indians to white men is denounced.
There were 250 Indian schools of ali
kinds conducted by the Government, and
an increase of 3412 pupils in enrollment
snd U-SC in average attendance shown over
the previous year. About BOOO of the 34.000
eligible school children are unprovided for.
Compulsory education of the Indian chil
dren is strongly indorsed.
Th« report controvert* the commonly ac
cepted theory that by constant contact
with the whites the extinction of the In
dian ;s only a matter of time. It says it
ran bf> staled with a exeat d^prce of "con
liderco that the Indian population of the
United States has been very little dimin
ished from the days of Columbus. Coro
nado. Raleiph. Captain John Smith and
other early explorers.
Reviewing inclian Territory affairs the
report says thtre are 50,000 children of
white parpnts there who should have
schools. The cost of education will not be
excessive compared with results. School
i enefits also should be extended to the
1230 Choctaw frc-edmen. Government con
trol of the school in the Chlckasaw na
tion is advocated.
Many years ago men discovered drug?. With
this came the discovery that pleasure without
action, and therefore it is assumed without
reaction, might be bought with a few pence.
That this Idea Is fallacious Is proven by our
decadent literature, the offspring of drugs.
The pessimist tells us that the only reality
In life is death. Surely this is not so. The
man has never lived who says this. Trie
realities of life are love and action. It Is tha
lack of these that produces the modern pessim
ist. It Is the reaction which come from un
earned pleasures and spurious Joys. Every Joy
we taste we must pay for, such is the Im
mutable law of nature. .
To see things as they really are Is the ob
ject of the modern philosophic pessimist. Ths
highest wisdom looks to the causes which pro
duce, not to the things which are.
Wbt is a great cause of pessimism. All mili
tant nations are decadent nations. They must
eventually, decay, as did the great empire of
Rome. That there seems no way out of this
is the cause or foundation from which arises
the philosophy of despair, built up by many
of the thinking men of Europe.
Sorrow and sadness, however, have little to
do with the philosophy, of pessimism. In the
transition from childhood to manhood there
Is a period in which everything is confused
and obscure. Following thin there is found a
condition of Joy, of abounding happiness, of
the mere Joy of living. Then comes, however,
almost Invariably a reaction, a sense that there
is nothing worth while, a feeling of contentioa
at the unknown power, embittering because un
known, which deals out the cards of life.
Most people pass through this period. Xearly
every one becomes at some period in his life
a cynic. With the most part it is but a
transient condition. With some it takes the
form of Imitation— a pessimism culled from the
perusal of cheap decadent literature. This was
the cause a few years ago of the drooping col
lars worn by the students, in imitation of the
humble neckwear worn by Byron.
One of the few things we know in life is
this— we can see or know nothing absolutely.
.With a pessimistic philosopher nothing Is
worth while. If we take up the threads of life
at the end we can never live. We must take
up the ends that lie near to us..
As a layman I have the privilege of showing
the text that I base my sermon on to be fal
lacious. For this reason I take the Rubaiyat
of Omar Khayyam x I shall try to show that
however beautiful. they may be as poetry, they
are not sound philosophy. '
This poem perhaps constitutes our greatest,
fullest expression ot an unsolvable problem. It
Is full of the sweetness and sadness of life
and death.
The philosophy of despair as embodied
in Omar Khayyam served the speaker for
an example from which to draw his de
ductiors. .Dr. Jordan spoke in part as
follows:
President David Starr Jordan speaking
yesterday morning from the pulpit of the
First Congregational Church at Mason
and Post streets declared the modern
spirit of pessimism to be the product of
either drugs, tobacco and wine, or dyspep
sia. Love and action, he declared, are the
fundamental mainsprings of a healthy
life, and no man can be possessed of the
powers, essential for these qualities unless
he leads a healthy life. If he possess
them he must of necessity be a hopeful
man believing that "the great altar steps
of life do not terminate in darkness, but
lead ever upward to the throne of God."
Ine man who is not in possession of these
faculties, said the speaker, becomes pes
simistic and the only reality he sees in
life Is death.
President of Stanford University
Speaks on Causes of Modern Pes
simism at First Congrega
tional Church.
David Starr Jordan Declares
Omar's Reasoning
Fallacious.
PHILOSOPHY OF
DESPAIR IS BUT
ONE OF DRUGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1900.
the most remarkable musical event of
years." And who will not agree with
him?
A fine basso voice broke into an aria. It
came from the next room. It grew louder.
Mr. Grau fumbled for his glasses. "Van
Dyck," he said. "He Is In fine voice, ch?
So are they all."
"You do not fear t^at any will disap
point?"
The little man's shoulders rose. If he
had been Spanish he would have said,
"Qulen sabe." Mr. Grau has brought San
Francisco what, to use his own words, is
tin extraordinary event— to-night he is to
see the fruits.
The members of the Grau Opera Com
pany to tho number of twenty-live or
more arrived by special train from L#os
Angeles at 10 o'clock last night and were
driven immediately to the Palace Hotel,
where they secured apartments. The
lobby of tho hotel presented an animated
appearance while the singers were being
domiciled for the night. They were all
fatigued and retired to rest as soon as
they were assigned , rooms. Among the
artists were De Reske. Plancon, Salig
nac. Imbart de la Tour. Campanari and
Scotti; Mesdames Suzanne Adams. Nor
dica, Scheff. Olitzka. Strong, Bauer
melstcr and Bridewell.
It every year. Your climate is charming.
"I can tell you, I wish we had San
Francisco In Brooklyn. Ah!"— the glasses
were poised above the little man's head,
and then down they came with a crash,
and one could almost hear the big kettle
drum'roll. "Then, then we would give
performances to make the world stare;
but Brooklyn" — the glasses sank to his
knee.
"How about Los Angeles? Ah. that de
lightful city! Such houses." The eye
glasses do not beat when the little impre
sario talks business. "How shall I say it?
But the theater— Hazard's Pavilion. Ah,
well, the artists like It. and when they
like anything "
Mr. Grau sit?hed and looked at a Los
Angeles clipping.
"The advance subscription sale of seats
is unprecedented here. >ir Grau."
"So they tell me. Well, my railroad ex
penses will be $20,000." •
"And vour salary list?"
"We will not talk about that." Mr.
Grau looked over the roofs toward the
Grand Opera-house and put hl3 eyeglasses
Into h!s pocket.
Never was there a man who found
everything so delightful In life as Mr.
Grau. The trip: Delightful. San Fran
cisco? Delightful. Suzanne Adams? De-
MAURICE GRAU, the world
famous Impresario and dis
penser of bij? salaries to
equally famous artists, ar
rived here yesterday morn
ing and Is Installed at the Palace.
Mr. Grau is so very businesslike that
from him to music seems a far cry. But
it Is his business instinct that has put him
in his artistic position. Mr. Grau's com
pany travels in ten cars. Mr. Grau's scen
ery takes up but one car less. How many
cars Mr. Grau's profits will fill— who can
eay but the man In the box office.
At Mr. Grau's bidding song birds whom
no ordinary glided .bait could lure wing
out to San Francisco and' feather their
nests with the satisfactory result. He Is
the ruler of a Wagnerlan kingdom— a king
'of sharps and flats. Yet he wears his hon
ors lightly and leans back in his business
chair, dressed fn a business suit, and talks
In a businesslike way.
But one little musical trait crops out
from this very embodiment of business.
When Mr. Grau talks he takes his gold
rimmed eyeglasses, through which he has
gazed on who knows how many an oper-
CAST FOR THE OPENING PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT OF THE SEASON AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE IT
INCLUDES SOME OF THE GREATEST SINGERS IN THE WORLD, AND THEY WILL BE HEARD BY AN IM
«>i t*N J?L* AL II) 1 lil !X C L» .
miss may j. McDonald and
JOSEPH F. GRACE, WHO ARE
ENGAGED.
W. p. English, a brakeman employed
by the Southern Pacific Company, while
switching cars at Sulsun yesterday
slipped and fell under the wheels of a
freight car, receiving a fracture of the
right leg. English was brought to this
city and taken#to the Southern Pacific
Hospital. He expired from the shock a
few hours later. Deceased was 31 years
of age and leaves a wife. The body
was taken to the Morgue.
Switchman Dies From Injuries.
The Largest Brewing Plant
In the vrcrld produces the celebrated tonic M ALT
XUTRINE, that boon for invalids and con
valescents. Made only by the Anheuser-Dusch
Brewinr Ass'n. which fact guarantees its
merit. Sold by, all druggists.
AN announcement of interest to
San Francisco and Santa Rosa
society people Is that of the
wedding of Miss May J. Mc-
Donald of San Francisco and
Joseph T. Grace of Santa Rosa. The mar
riage will occur late in this month. Cards
will be Issued within a few days.
Miss McDonald is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. P. A. McDonald of 741 Ashbury
street. She has been a social favorite dur
ing two .winters past. An accomplished
musician and a beautiful girl of the
brunette type. Miss McDonald has" been
very popular In her set. She has been
prominent In church benefits and musical
events in San- Francisco and Santa Rosa.
Mr. Grace has been a frequent visitor
to San Francisco and he has a wide circle
of friends here. He Is a member of- tha
well known firm of Grace Bros., brewers,
Thomas M. Manning, an old man, had
several lacerated wounds on his head
dressed at the Receiving Hospital yester
day. The old man stated to Dr. Starr
that the Injuries were Inflicted by his
own son, who met him on Howard street
and assaulted him in a brutal manner.
Manning senior lives at 52 Natoma street.
The unnatural son Is Just out of. Jail,
where he spent nine months for beating
his wife. The injured father did not know
whether he would have his son arrested
or not for the assault.
Manning's Son Kicked Him.
What makes It worse for Glllin is tho
fact that when asked for a statement by
an officer pent by the Chief he denied ab
solutely having had any trouble with
Isaacs and alleged that he was confined
to his bed at the time of the alleged fight
through slckne?s. He also furnished a cer
tificate by Dr. Mahoney that he was sick
and unable to report for duty.
Chief of Police Sullivan, after making
a thorough investigation Into the Glllln-
Isaacs light, at Devisadero and Pine
streets. Thursday night, ordered Gillln
suspended from duty yesterday and in
structed Captain Wittman to prefer
charges against him before the Police
Commissioners. No charges will be pre
ferred against Isaacs, as two disinterested
witnesses will prove that he was attacked
without provocation and showed great
forbearance under trying circumstances.
"Wittman to Prefer Charges
Against Him.
POLICEMAN GILLIN IS
SUSPENDED FROM DUTY
Chief Sullivan Instructs Captain
JOSEPH GRACE OF SANTA ROSA
TO WED MISS MAY MeDONALD
Marriage Will Oc
cur Late This
Month.
Both the Young
People Favorites
in Society.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
LXEBENBAiJIf
*?* CO.**
222-224 SUTTER ST.
OPERA PERFUME.
First "special" sale of the world-
renowned Roger & Gallet Extracts
(see below). We have just received
the latest Parisian Novelties in Per-
fumeries. Sachet and Face Powders,
Toilet Waters, Cologne, Hair Tonics
and Soaps of such celebrated houses
as Violet, Pinaud, Lefjrand, Houbi-
gant, Piver, Guerlain, Simon, Crown
Perfumery Co., Johann Maria Fa-
rina and Roger & Gallet.
Finest and completest line of Hair
Brushes and Combs in the city.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
Roger & Gallet's Concentre
Extracts, bot 85c
In lH-oz original bottles; SO different
odors. Re?. $1.
Roger & Gallet's Toilet Soap
box of 3 cakes 65c
All the different odors. Regr. 7Sc
Butter, Fia v&^ Mt square 35c
Reg. 45c. Best Butter In the market.
Cornj g^^f- can 121c
Reg. 11 K doz $1.45
Finest Maine Corn grown.
"New Era" Baking Powder, Ib can 3 Qc
Reg. 40c. Pure and wholesome.
Uneeda Jinger Wayfer pkg 10c
Unaeda Biscuit (Soda) 3 pkgs 25c
Soap iBcrax>. "New Era"
Reg:. 3 cakes 23c 4 caken 25e
Res;. 1C0 cakes box $7 50 $0.25
For Woolens and other fine fabrics.
G!n?er. C r -staMizs d, reg. 50c Ib 40c
Finest imported. Assists the digestion.
"Suvio" Gas Heater, reg. $1 60c
Only a very limited quantity at this
price. Heats your room In 10 minutes.
Sonoma Reislin?, reg. $1 gal 65c
Exceptional value. Rhein wine type.
Hand Dinner Bell. |Kr^* 75c
Imported; latest pattern. 50 only.
"Furitas" Ginger Ale tfoz $1.20
Reg. $1 S3. Preferred by many to the
Imported. We allow lie for empty bot-
tles.
"Fur.tas" Root Beer, reg. $1.20, SI.IO
Adams Spring Mineral Water
3& $1.95 doz OJeWM
(Case 50 bottles.)
The best medicinal water In the world
for stomach, kidney and liver com-
plaints. Cures costlveness.
Cigars, "El J ratio"
le sfz e e cto #o This Week (Oc
B^ of Ss This Week $4.90
"la Hoif na " <!uaranteed
Ld Ucl.lM, Clear Havana
E £f F Seek u 6 for 25c
Lox of Re*. For this ff A Ofl
100. MOO week Q4.UU
We ship free within 100 miles.
Watch our Thursday's ad.
Opera = = -
Glasses,
Lorgnettes,
AN ELEGANT SELECTION.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
OPTI CIAN5 APWR * T w.
«. Scientific
64Z Market 5t. instruments
•jf«otB cMRONic.it 8im.DiN&. Catalogue Frie.
After-Theater Refreshments.
The completeness of the arrangement*
made for your entertainment in the Sup-
per Room can be estimated when it is
known that the attributes resDonslble for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are in
evidence here. £>cllehtful music, prompt
service, moderate charges. Open every
| evening (Sundays excepted) from 9:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from the court and
main office. , :
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
AMUSEMENTS.
NEW 'SHOW! JEW PEOPLE!
ANNA BOYD, MB. AND ME§. DAN
HIATT, WM. J. HYNES, THE
DUNHAM FATVTTLY.
JESSIE COUT.HOUI. NORAH BATES." PREI#-
LE'S TALKING DOGS. DOLAN AND
LENHARR.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 60c.
Matinees— Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
5FheatrcM>
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW ,(TCESDAT)
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES
"LOST PARADISE."
Wednesday A CYCLONE OF FUN!
N and ht His Absent
Balance of ti i
w M k, Boy!
. . A. M. Palmer's Comedy Hit.
£J jSS^S^ffsSSiS'SS "'.Manaser
ANOTHER BLAZE OF GLORY-
SUCCESS FOLLOWS SUCCESS!
_ Every Evening; This Week.
: TO OUR I-ADY PATRONS: T3OS f C '•
: MISS THIS SATURDAY MATINEE! :
Special Attraction Ofiered."
The Popular Comedian
FRANK TANNEHILL—
And His Excellent Company in the Great
Eastern Success •
"A YOUNG WIFE!"
A TRULY GREAT PERFORMANCE!
Everybody's Verdict— Young; and Old.
Evening 15c, 23c, 35c. 60c and 73c
Matinee..... :..15c. 2Dc. 35c and EOc
Next Sunday Afternoon— The World-Beater
HOYTS "A STRANGER IN NEW YORK "
First Time Ever at Popular Pricea,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Whea Prof. Manyon says his KTDNET CURB
1« a specific for nearly every form of Kiflnw
<V.Beas« he does not overstate the case in the
least. It has won for Itself a place among the
almost Infallible rezne£le%. It will not curt
BriKfct'e Disease In the advanced stages. It
will not do the Impossible, but It will cure every
phase cf KlSney complaint, even the Incipient
etace* of Britht'e Disease.
Flfty-«lx other cures. All druggists. 2Sc vial
Guide to Health Is free. Msdlcal advlc* five —
writ* to Broadway and 26th St.. New Tork.
CURE
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
ETRICTUKns and analogous complaint* of the
Organs of Generation.
I'rloe tl a bottle. For rale by druggists.
Weekly Call, SI per Year
SOX-E£ AGENTS
WELLMAN,PEGMGO.
At a recent voting contest it was unanimous-
ly decided that there was nothing better on
earth than tbe "American" clear Havana cigar*
§V1M, VIGOR. VITALITY for ME*
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse. dlssipatJon. excesses or
clft-arette-smcking;. Cures T^ost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Loeses. Insom-
t!s. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Lo«s of BMnen. mm r 4-^ Vartcocele or Con-
etiration. Stops tie *^J WB rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effect* are Immediate.
Irrpart \1|:or and cc "* 3 ootency to every
function. Don't eet despondent; a cure is at
hfcnd Restorer small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: &Oc a
1,'X- ( for J2 SO by mall. A written guarantee to
(U n or money refunded with « boxes. Circulars
free. A«re« BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
«t. Pan Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
r- and «0 Third »t. - " .
AMITSEMEHTS. _^
SEASON!
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
BEGIN'JIIN'G THI3 EVEKIXO
Morosco's Grand Opera House.
THIS EVEXIXO at S O'clock. Gounod's Openv
"ROMEO ET JULIETTE." (In French.*
Mmes. Melba. Bridewall. Bauermeister: Mil.
Ed. de Reszke. Plancon. Bars, Sizes.
Glllibert. Dufrlehe. Maselro and
'-' Saleza.
Conductor S\g. ilancJneCl.
TUESDAY EVENING. November 13th. at S
o'clock. Washer's Opera.
-*-.. "TANNHAUSER." » In German.)
Mmes. Gadski.. Olitzka and Susan Stronic: MM.
\an Dyck. Bla.ia. Bars. Muhlmann.
Hubennet. Vlvianl and Blspham.
Conductor Mr. Watter Damrosch.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. November UXh. at S
o'clock. Venil's Opera.
"AIDA." (In Italian.)
Mmes. Nordlea. Bauermeister and Len'.s*
Hcmer: MM. Scotti. Plancon. Journet.
Maseiro and Imbart de la Tour.
Conductor Sis ManclnellL
THURSDAY EVENING. November IStS. at S
o'clock, Gounod's Opera,
"FAUST." (In French.)
Mmes. Melba. Bauermeister. Homer: MM.
Saleza. Campanari. Dufrtche and Plancon.
Conductor m. Flon.
FRIDAY EVENING. November 18th. at S
o'clock. Waener's Opera.
"DER FLIEGENDE HOLLANDER," Tha
Flyin* Dutchman. (In German.)
Mmes. Gadskl and Olitzka: MM. Dippel. Bias*.
Bars and Bispham.
Conductor..... Mr. Walter Damrosch.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. November lTtU. at
2 o'clock. Donizetti's Oj«ra.
•T.UCIA DI LAMMERMOOR." (la Italian.)
Mmes. MeJba, Bauermeister: MM. Scotti. Bars.
Journet. Maselro and Cremonlnt
Conductor Sly. ManctnelU.
SATURDAY EVENING. November 17th. at S
o'clock. Warner's Opera.
"LOHENGRIN." On German.)
Mmei. Nordica and Sehamann-Helnk: MM.
Van Dyck, Bispbam. Muhlraana and'
Ed. de Reszke.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damroseh.
Good Seats tor All of Above Performances on
Sale at Box Office.
PRICES — Orchestra and Dress Circle. IT:
Back Rows of Orchestra, ti; Family CJrcln.
S3; Gallery. S3: all reserved. Boxes. J«3 to ISO.
General Admission X2.00.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
SUNDAY EVENING NEXT. November Uth.
FIRST POPULAR NIGHT.
"II> TROVATORH."
Mm^». Nordica. Van Cauterem and OlTtzka;
MM. Camranart. Journet. Maselro and
Dtppel.
Popular Prices— S3 and $2: raHerr. tl.
SEATS READY THIS MORNTNO.
Notlc* — Second week's repertoire will be an-
nounced to-morrow. Seats ready TTedaesdax
morning.
WEBEH PIANO USED.
COLUMBIA «5a
FRANK
: SUPPORTED BY HIS ENTIRE NEW •
: YORK COMPANY OF 60 PEOPLE :
In His New Comic Opera Hit,
MUSIC BY VICTOR HERBERT.
Composer of
"The Wizard of the Nile" and "The Idol*" Eye."
A TREMENDOUS SENSATION!
By Far tho Best Musical Organization Tnat
Ever Came to San Francisco.
TBE ROYAL MARINE BAND OF ITALY
TO-NIGHT* S PROGRAMME:
L March. "Atlantic City." 2. Overture.
"Feat." 3. Harp «olo. selected. Sigmor Setaro.
4. "The Dawn of Love," idylls. S. "Lohen-
sriin." strand selection; Incidental solos by Slg,
dl Glrolamo.
n— 8. "The. Army Chaplain," selection: In-
cidental solos. 7. Tenor solo, F. Glannlnl. S.
Clarionet duet. "Two Little Bnlflnches." S!sr-
norl Scarpa and Declmo. •. "Ernanl." act
III; prelude, aria and finale.
Solos by Slsnori Famoaa and De Titta.
Change of Programme Nightly.
*TIVQLi*
LAST TVEEK OF GRAND OPERA.
TO-NIGHT and, Wednesday Niftht.
"ERNANI."
Tridsy Ersnla j, "0A YALLERIA" tad "PA9LIACCI"
Saturday Evsniag. "OTHELLO."
Sunday Night "CABXXN.**
Tuesday. Thursday Nights. Saturday llatlne*
"MICNON."
COLLAMARINI AS M1ONON.
NEXT MONDAY— Gala, opening of the Comla
Opera Season.
Stupendous Scenic Production ot
"THE JOLLY MUSKETEER."
POPULAR PRICES .S5c and 50a
CHUTES^nd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON A2TO EVENING.
HUNT'S DOG CIBCTTS, BOGGS AND
HAEWORD, LITTLE ALMA,
JOHN PA3CPXXN", EDDIE MACK.
CHARLES EVANS, LEONDEB
BROS., NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES. '; ,'
THE CONGO" FAMILY,
AMATEUR NIGHT, THURSDAY.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23. .¦."'
RACING I RACING ! RACING I
19CO— WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
NOV. JD TO NOV. 17TH. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thux».
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or »bUn«.
Five or more race» each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 ra. and,
12:$0» 1. 1:30. 1. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
¦with trains stopping at the entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mour.d. All trains vi*
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu»
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric caj»
co direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and,
4-iS d. m and Immediately after th« last rax*.
THOMAS H. WILHAM3 JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
tfTQfWFRN CONCERT HOUSE.
Faccl. Puerari. Alleaandronl. Iren« and
Beatrice. Harry Walton, the Morrises. Cla!r»
Fex and second act of "Traviata."
Reserved seats. !5c. Matinee Sunday.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
Strength to sexual organs. Depot, S3 Market.
ORIGIN OP
PANCAKES ON SHROVE TUESDAY.
When the Danes conquered England
and reached the villages around Sher-
wood Forest, all the Saxon men ran
off into the forest and tbe Danes took
the Saxon women to keep house for
them.
This happened just before Lent and
the Saxon women encouraged by their
fugitive lords, resolved to massacre
their DanLsh masters' on Ash Wed-
Every woman who agreed to do thU \\
was to bake pancakes for their meal//
on Shrove Tuesday. This was don©
as sort of a pledge, and that the mas-
sacre of the Danes did take place on
Ash Wednesday to an historical fact.
It was a much greater undertaking;
to fry pancake* In thoj* days
than It to now;' for with tha
H-0 Co.'* M ready to us*" packages
of Buckwheat and Pancake Flour
at every grocery store
It U as easy as boiling water.
Pancakes were never liked so well
until the Introduction of
the H-0 Co/s Pancake RourJ.
f^ SPECIAL ""^
Single Box Mattress
J IS Eteel tempered springs,
) hardwood legs. We are
£«:ilrig this mattress for
"We carry a complete stock of
€verytb!ng in the Furniture lint-.
BIG REDUCTION IX EVERY
DEPARTMENT. Call and in-
spect our pr!ce6.
WE EXTEND CREDIT.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Kesx Powell. Op«i Evenings.
i visit OR- JORDAN'S great
(HUSEUK OF ANATOMY
Q £$ UCllUAXSTST.tite'.btTb.S.r.Cal.
Cg The Ltffect Acttcaica! Mu*rtim In the
S, ", 3 t Wottd. WefakictM* ot iif confuted
ggggS <!¦«»« p«-»lcl».>lr «¦!-¦* hy tbe otdctt
fj£* jji I bpea&JiK co th*. Coul E»t J6 70*1*
£ tf*^?! 0*. JORnAlr-PBlUTE DISEASES
\ I @vwfi *-o»«rtnitJoti free tnd strictly prtrate.
a I Aff%' fl T" '¦ l: ' r '" t*rioniiliy or by Imrr. A
ilf nK. W'ritefor book. ¦•MII.<*aOt > «V«f
w • If n 1 * JKABtmiA.ee. nuu» rnu. (A
i /} IJ, mJutblc book fcr am)
V Ba Sit rd a« A CO.. 1511 Market 8t.,S. F.THE Third Battalion of the First
Regiment, National Guard of
California, comprising Companies
C, F, G and K, held its annual
shoot yesterday afternoon at
Shell Mound Park. The men were under
the supervision of Inspector of Rlfl-3
Practice Tobin. The .shooting was at 200.
3C0 and 500 yards range. The best score of
the day was made by Sergeant Phil J.
Neuman of Company G.
The scores were as follows at the
above mentioned distances, respectively:
Company C— J. Giles. 19, 18, 17; V. I. Northur.,
ID. 19, 15; Lieutenant Petty. 17, G. 10; E. R.
Armstrong. 12. 0, U; Crls Meyer. 23. 22. 20; E.
H. Knnnedy. 20. 16, S; F. McCilvery. 21. 18. 21:
"W. \\>stman, 14, 2, 14: G. T. Ph^lps. 15. 13, »;
A. J. Itudtllck, 21, 15, 10; H. G. Rogers, 19, 14.
22; J. Heyer, 21, 8, 2; L. W. Grant, 19. 19. 17;
S. Hey man, S, 8, 6; Lieutenant J. N. Koas,
20. 14, 19: A. M. Bullinger. 19. 6. 11; R. Kurlski.
9. 2, 0; II. T. Hlckn. 20. 22. »; G. L. Harves.
19. 7, 4; Cantain Charles Goodell. 21. 13. 21;
C. Waltham. 21, 18, 21: H. ilussjrave, 20, 21, 22;
U. D. Mclntosh. 10. 16. 22; E. Seulflohn. 16. 15.
8; H. W. Faulk. 18. 10, 3; J. Carson. 2.', 13, 11;
J. W. Cromston, 14. 7, 10; \V. D. Grant, 15, 11>,
9; \Y. I. Umfrcd, 30. 19, 21.
Company F — LJcutcnant A. Varney. 19. 15. 15:
J. N. Hubbard, 16. 0. 15; K. A. Millifcan, 17, 0.
12; Lieutenant U. H. Irving. 16. 15. 20; A.
Cleveland, 17, 15, 16; K. L. Simmon*. 13, 11, «:
W. Vanna. 2. 3, 0; J. Millldge. 10. 2. 6; A. M.
Samuels. 10. 4. 2: J. A. Eason, 21. 17. 21: \V.
Cohn. 11. 12. 20: Captain F. A. Nlppert. 19. 13,
20; C. E. Surryfcne, 18. 19. 10; H. D. O'Brien.
17, 17. 18; Captain II. W. Dowschler, 12, 0, 12;
F. Shaw. 10, 0, 2.
Company K-J. C. Roberts, 16. 8. 12; S. H.
Stewart. 21. 13. V.; C. Totter. 0, 3. 0: C. r>a*v
ney, 3. 3, 5; W. I:. Hun-l, 13. 13. fi; C\ H«\vne
man. 13. li>, 13; O. Arncy, 12. 11. 0: C. Evan*,
£U 9 . 13; Lieutenant W. S. Gratton. Bf, 11. 4;
A. E. Anderson, 23. 13, 21; C. Hardin, l:>, 17. 9;
J. Povey. 20, 21. 23: J. F. Norton. 21, 1», 13; A.
S. HatflVld. 18, IS. 20; C. W. Cobby, £.'. 23. IT;
L. A. Barreau. 11. ft, 7.
Company H— F. P.'. Haltcht. 18. 8. 0: L.
Bureld. 1», 9, 16; E. P. Jacobson. 2C, II, I."; J.
R. Follis. 10, t;>, a: J. N. Turtton, 3D, D, Z\;
B. F. Morse. 3, fi 3; Lieutenant Youn?. It. li\
19: O. I. During, is, in. 13; A. Johnson, >s. t,
13; Captain Thomas Cunningham, IS. 13. IT; A.
A. Kerner, 5, 0. 4.
The result of the monthly shoot of the
Independent Rifles wa» as follows:
Sergeant H. Sohlichtmann -ZX R. V. Beither
32, O. Kellenberprr 34, C. Herlnff 33. H. Oaer
)en Sr. 24. C. Granz 35. H. ReinharrJt 27. II.
KuMke 41, Servant Andrews 43. C. Iverson 22.
S»rf?eant G. Mitchell 41, H. Mitchell 21. II.
Caetjpn Jr. SI, Corporal P. Schorilg 43, J. II.
Kuhlke 37. C. Kornbcck 51.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Vernfn
held at the park, besides their monthly
meeting, a turkey shoot aa a spectial uc
traction. Over a hundred members par
ticipated in the events and each one of
them secured a turkoy. The champion
class was won by A. H. Pape by a scor*
of 442. The first class medal went to H.
H. Burfeind: second c!ass not filled: third
class to J. F. llensel by a score of -S72;
fourth class to Dr. F. H. Cranz, 2S2; the
first best shot, R. Finkinsr and the best
last shot to A. H. Pape.- The best scorn
in the turkey shoot were: A. H. Pape, K>:
Otto Lempke, 67; A. Handoran. 67; P.
Schutcher, 65; D. B. Faktor and L. Btn
del, 62.
FIELDING AVERAGES.
INDIVIDUAL. BATTING.
CATCHERS.
TEAM FIELDINi
f TEAM BATTING.
Tied at Football.
On the Presidio grounds yesterday aft
ernoon the Richmond football team and
the Monarchs played a tia game, neither
tide scoring*.
"If Fitzsimmons does not come to terms
b 7 v}y edne ££ ay , l sha11 arrange to meet
Ruhlin or Sharkey on terms to be agreed
upon. It is my Intention to fight at least
once a year. My choice of battlegrounds
would be Nevada, for there we could ro
to a finish, and in a contest there should
be no doubt as to who is the better man."
Billy Madden, Ruhlin's manager, tele
graphed to-night that Ruhlin will at once
post a forfeit to bind the match.
JfEW YORK. Nov. 11.— As a result of a
challenge issued Saturday by James Jef
fries, offering to fight Bob Fitzsimmons
Gus Ruhlin or Tom Sharkey, and a tele
gram from Fitzsimmons declining a match
on account of engagements lasting until
May next, Jeffries to-day made the fol
lowing statement:
Meet Sharkey.
If Fitz Does Not Come to Time Will
JEFF ANXIOUS TO FIGHT.
sultation fcy the colonel with the majors
of the regiment as to the staff officers. It
is reported that Captain A. J. Kelleher,
regimental adjutant, will be superceded
end that there is a possibility that Lieu
tenant W. H. Tobin, now inspector of
rifle practice, will be tendered the position.
First Lieutenant Herman Huber, regi
mental commissary, is also elated as one
of the outs, but his successor has not yet
been narirea. There are also three vacan
cies to be tilled, chaplain and two bat
talion adjutants. There is a good deal of
speculation as to whether, in the plan to
harmonize the cifft-rent interests and fac
tions in the regiment, any tender of po
pitions will be made to oJhcers of the four
companies. C, G, F and K, located in the
ililis-strc-et Armory.
Captain Charles E. Goodell, command-
Ing Company C, beingr employed on one of
the transportation lines, is unable to at
tend to the duties of commander and for
that reason has tendered his resignation.
Captain John F. Eggert of Company L,
employed bv the same transportation com
pany, finds* himself in the same position
that Captain Goodell Is as to duty, and
he will probably send in his resignation
shortly aftrr the annual muster.
Captain Wall, who was elected to com
mand Company M several months ago. is
etill without his commission. It is ex
peeled, nowever, that the matter will be
acted upon within a few days, now that
the election is over.
During the last week all the companies
of the First have been drilling: and pre
paring for the inspection to commence
next Tuesday night. The rolls of eleven
of the companies have been purged of
those who have not been attendants at
drills, bv reason of absence from the city.
These commanders do not want to appear
at muster with a lonj? list of names on the
company roll and have many absent. The
company that is an exception expects to
show only five or six absentees, and for
each there Is a valid and constitutional
excuse.
Regimental Orders No. 12. First Infant
ry, which were Issued last Friday and are
designated as "General Orders," show
that since the issuance of previous orders
seven men have been discharged out of-
Company B. six out of C. seven out of D.
ten oat of E. four out of F. nineteen out
of G, three out of I and eight out of K.
The cau3es given are: Removal, 44; good
of the eervice. 21; expiration of term of
service, 3; exempt 2. and enlisted ln the
United Stat«6 service, 1.
Privates Henry Peln, Christian Mans-
Captain Goodell of Company G Ee
signs and Captain Eg-gert of L
Will I>o Likewise.
lieutenant Colonel Thomas F. O'Xeil,
who recently was elected colonel of the
First Regiment of Infantry, was before
the examining' board last Thursday and
passed a satisfactory examination as to
his qualifications for the new position.
The next step that will be taken in con
nection with this regiment will be a con-
CHANGES IN THE FIRST
BEGniENT IOTANTEY
Sixth Race— One and a sixteenth miles: three
.ear-olds and up; purse:
[l^'Slr. 0 ..:::::: 1^ 1317 Wooster Boy •• 9S
Possible "Winners.
FirEt Race— Lost Girl, Bogus BUI, Cyril.
Second Race— Horton, Sir Kingston, Mitten.
Third Race— Mocorito. Boundlee. Asian.
Fourth Race— Gonfalon. The Bobby, Owens
boro.
Fifth Race— Rolling Boer, Grafter, Articulate.
Sixth Race— Dunblane* Sunello, Wooster Boy.
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds: San
Francisco handicap:
a305)Ro!lin& Boer.. .124 1314 Grafter log
11SS Intrepldo 82 130S Lucera 95
12il Articulate 106
Fourth Race— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and up; purse:
13C8 Tappan SJ 1304 The Bobby .. SS
(12ir.)Gonfalon 108 1301 Locochee 99
1316 Edgardo 90 .... Owensboro 93
12S6 Rio Chlco 99
Third Race — Six furlongn; three-year-olds
end up; exiling:
1311 Lomond 104] 129S Snips 101
1304 Pirfcll 102 1 iiS2 High Hoe 100
12S7 Boundloe 99 1282 l'omplno 10*
Stiver Garter ..101i 1:3s Asian 107
1312 Mocorito 98, 1311 Ooldone 107
12S2 Sweet Caporal.102; Plohn 104
Second Race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; se-!l!ng:
1280 Socialist 1101 1309 Sir Kingston... 104
.... Mitten 9*| 1292 Ping 93
13'C Horton 104! .... Llmolight 104
Oakland Entries.
Another excellent racing card is offered
turf-goers at Oakland track tc-day. Sam
Hildreth sends two of his best to the post,
while several other Kastern horses make
their first appearance.
The entries are as follows:
First Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
an<J up; Belling:
1301 Kifkumbob 107 1309 Meadowlark ..107
lOr.S larda 107 940 Cyril 107
1200 Donator 107 }Z>3 Faversham ....HO
1205 Rogus Bill ....107 1303 Dr. Bernavs ..107
Hf-J The Singer ....107 12U3 Lost Girl 107
121*7 Coming Event. lor 1311 Morlnca 107
California Cycling Club Enjoys a Suc
cessful Boad Con
test
The California Cycling Club held its
five-mile handicap road run on the Hay
wards course y*-terday. The following
table tells the tnle-
BRATJN WINS THE FIVE
MILE HANDICAP RACE
PUEBLO, Colo.. Nov. 11.— A Missouri
Pacific passenger train which left here
last evening ran into an open switch at
Sugar City, fifty-five miles east of Pueblo,
and plunged Into a freight caboose in
vfhlch wero four section men. The pas
genger engine and caboose telescoped and
fell ln a heap, which at once vook fire,
and ell the woodwork was burned- En
gineer Hucket jumped, but Fireman Nel
son remained on the locomotive, and was
pulled out of the wreck, unconscious. The
L-aeuaJtles were as follows:
M. F. Marshall, section man, head cut,
ankle and shoulder sprained, serious; En
gineer Hucket, head cut, ankle and
shoulder sprained; Fireman. James N'el
eon. scalded and head cut, serious; W.
A- Kendall, section man, head cut, ankle
End bacK sprained; L,. F. Statz, section
man, cuts and bruises; J. W. Lemon, suf
tering from shock.
Marshall Js supposed to have left the
ewUch open, but he maintains he closed
The passengers were uninjured, and
their oars went Ean later. The wounded
men were brought to the Pueblo Hos
pital. The wrecked freight train was the
new susar-beot train running between
Sugar City and Olney.
LEAVENAVORTil. Kjins., Nov. lL-An
open twitch caused the northbound Mis
souri Pacific passenger train this morn
ing to take a piding in the yards here and
to collide with a switch engine. Applica
tion of the air brakes checked the speed,
but the following passengers were in
jured: S. R. Harris, traveling man, Chi
cago, car split; Arthur Maxwell, trick
bicyclist (colored).. Chicago, jaw broken:
tit urge H. Lofran. Cincinnati, face cut and
bruised; Bud Lawrence (colored), cook.
Rt. Louis, shoulder dislocated; Richard
Lewis (colored). Lynchburg, Va., bruised;
Harry Crelghton (colored), Lynchburg,
Va.
The colored pa^enrers are members of
a minstrel show.
In Each Instance Accident
Is Due to an Opsn
Switch.
TWO WRECKS 0N
MISSOURI PACIFIC
Corporal John C. Brady has been ap
pointed sergeant of Company E. vice Con
ion, discharged, and Private Stafford P
1-reer, corporal, vice Brady.
Seven men have been discharged from
Troop A. Cavalry, three on account of re
moval, three for the good of the service,
and one at expiration of term of service
Private Henry Tiedemann. Troop A
Cavalry, has been transferred to Com
pany E, First Infantry.
Pursuant to orders from general head
quarters, commanding officers of infantry
regiments will make arrangements as to
the days upon which the various com
panies of their commands will parade for
ifkirmish firing for the year 1900; the said
firing to be held durine the months of
MX !^ r or , Decf> raber. This firing is in
competition for the trophy now held Jjy
n JiF' Second Infantry, and will be
e \iP¥. K the rules and regulations pre
scribed in General Orders No. Vi.
berg and James I. Mackin have been ap
pointed corporals, vice Sheldon, promoted;
Hale, discharged, and to fill an original
vacancy in Company I. Private C. Wesley
Porter has been appointed musician of
i>. and Private Arthur M. ilcElroy of
Company C.
THOUGH Eugene Geary's fast
PaJo Alto ran but one course
yesterday In the finals of the
tig open stake at Union Park,
the deciding course was over
and done with before the talent could
forjret him. Ralph Taylor's Mose
turned up in good shape for his
g-o uith the dog that once took
first money in a champion stake, but the
wise ones cared little for form. Palo
Alto was nt>t only epeedy, but carried
with him. a reputation which was worth
porr.etl ir.gr, and then, see who Palo Alto
Is. Mose. no matter how fast, could not
beat Pa!» Aito and his reputation too, so
allowing: one for the dog and four for tho
"rep," the ones who know how to place
tho money Just made it 5 to 1 on the
Mack tnd white dog- "lie who hesi
tates" — but Faio Alto had no chance to
hesitate, but lost anyhow.
The rai.«i!i£ of the red flag set the tal
rnt guessing, hut Palo Alto will be an
"odds on" when he runs again.
Jlos» ran a good dog until ho collapsed
in the f=ejni-final agamst Floodgate.
Following closely after this go Flood
gate started in the final with Warship
a.r.6. looked for a whil* a winner. He
£-ot first and second turn on Reilly's
epeefly one. and then one in the work,
but hie pre-vlous going- told against him.
¦Warship piled up six points and won the
stake. The winner showed in good con
dition and ran with better speed than
in any of his trials for some time past.
Red Anpus reached the fifth round by
(rood, clever work for a youngster, and
fhowcfl a steady improvement. He lost
to Fiery Face after leading r.nd scoring
the first four points. Seventeen short
ends landed during the day at average
pood odds. The coursing throughout was
of high order and up to the standard ex
pected in the big stake. Following are
the day'js results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores:
Open stake, second round— E. M. Kellopjt's
Ben's Babe beat Curtis & Sons' Shadow, 13-5:
D. J. Healy's Lady Claire beat Curtis & Sons'
Warpath. 4-0; Curtis & Pons' War Ka*le beat
Rufsell & Allen's Faithful Lad. 6-0; J. Car-
roH's Master Claire boat J. P. Thrift's Sir
Huprhic. 3-0; Sterl £: Knnn-les* Olita beat, rtus
sell ft AU.n's Spiteful, 4-2: J. P. Thriffs Tyrone
Prince boat H. A. Dockelman's IJelle Rocket,
S-.1; OorRe N>tht>reott's Floodgat* beat J.
Moriarity's Kittleman. 8-6; T. J. Cronin's Wild
Trak-e beat K. M. KolloKg's-: Iowa Hoy, 4-3;
T. Doyle's Xora Lawrence beat J. Trade's' Old
<;icry, C12; 15. Silva's Rcannex beat Georgo
Whitney's Therein. T,-i: T. W. Bartels" Mac's
Melody boat P. Steiahoff'B Veto. 5-3; George
j Sharman's Chicago Boy boat Gforge JlacUou
¦ pal's Colonel Ix>pez. i-0; J. Keenan's l.utvlin
Links beat 14. E. de R. LiOpes'a Minnie Wa Wa.
4-3; J. Carroll's Auckland a bye; K. L. Tay
lor's Mose boat E. Geary's Palo Alto. 9-6; J.
L O'l?ri*n'f Wandering Tom beat Pasha Ken
nels' Rival's Answer, 4-0; Curtis £c Sons'
Pysche beat J. Dennis' Mike Fenton. 10-0; J.
P. Thrift's Brutus b^at Maher & Reid's Kad
Hoy, 6-0: Ceorgc Van Hcrgen's lied Angus- a
bye; J. Cane's Greenhall beat Arneid Kennels'
Fine Fire, 9-3: Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne
bes.t Chlarlni Uros." Santonin. 3-G; Russell &
Allen's Talk to Me beat A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty, 4-0: Pasha KeniK-l?' Fiery Face beat A.
Johnson's Kald Kagle. 3-?; E. Oeary's Ireland
a bye; P. J. Keilly's Warship beat M. Dunlea's
Krin. 4-2: I). J. Healy's Urania beat F. A. Mc-
Comb's Little Sister. 2-0; K. C. Mack's Delia
M a bye; W. I>. Murphy's Crawford L'a«s beat
A. Johnson's Tod Floan. Z-2: P. 'Jackson's
Golden Rurset a bye; J. H. Perlgo's Bone a
bye; F. Jones' Wcdcewood beat Itufsell & Al
len's CaFtavray, 7-3; R. K. rie B. Lopez's War
rijro beat T. J. Cronin's Vixen. 8-6.
Third round— Wnr Katjle beat Ben's Bab?,
6-!: Master Claire beat Lady Claire. 5-?; Tyrone
I'rince beat Olita. 2.'-13; Floodgate beat Wild
Tral»». 11-7; Kear.nex beat Xora Ijiwrencc, 5-2;
Mac's Melody beat Chicago Boy. 1C-4; Auckland
btat Lundln L'.nks, 5-2: Mose beat Wandering
Tom, 4-0: Brutu? l>oat Psyche. 5-0; Red Anjcus
brat Greenhall. 14-11: Talk to Me beat Royal
Anne, 3-0; Fiery Face be2t Ireland. 8-3; War
chip beat Crttnla, 3-0; Delia M beat Crawford
Lass, u-2; Golden Russet beat Bone, 2-0; Wedge
wood beat Warriso. 3-2.
Fourth round— Master Claire beat War Eajrle,
1S-1; Floodgate a bye; Mac's Melody beat Re
annex. 4-0: Kose beat Auckland, 10-8: Red An-
Bus beat Hrutus. S-0: Fierv Face beat Talk to
Me, 4-0: Warship beat l>ella M, 6-2; Golden
Ru«s«>t beat V»>t1 rots- cod, 3-1.
Fifth round— Flocdyate a bye; More beat
Mac's Mrlody. ll-!<; Fiery Face beat Red An
gus. S-4; Warship beat O.ild°n Russet. 6-2.
Sixth round— Floodgate beat Mcso, 2S-0; War
shij> beat Fiery Face, 4-0.
Deciding course— Warship beat Floodgate,
6-3.
SPEEDY WARSHIP
IN FIRST PLACE
Beats Floodgate in the Deciding
Course of Union Park Stake.
6000 voters have proclaimed the best above all
tha ' American" clear Havana cl*aiv •
run— Levy. Two-base hits— Pabst, Schwartz,
Fitzpatrick, Sullivan. Sacrifice hit— Krug.
first base on errors — Pan Krancisco 1. First
bese on called balls — Sacramento 9. Left on
bases— San Francisco 4, Sacramento 8. Struck
out— By Fitzpatrick 4, by Devereaux 3. Hit
by pitcher— Stanley. Double play— Pabst, un
assisted. Time of game— 1:40. Umpire— G. Van
Haltren. Official scorer— II. S. McFarlln.
OAKLAND WINS.
Dudes Fkk Two Victories From the
Millers.
STOCKTON", Nov. 11.— Oakland took two
falls out of Stockton to-day by a score
of 6 to 5 and 6 to 2, respectively. Morelng.
nn amateur, had a bad attack of stage
fright and gave three hits and passed six
Dudes In the first Inning of the second
game. lie was replaced by Harper. Dark
ness stopped the second game in the sixth
inning. Score first game:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 1. t 5 0 1 0 2 0 0
McGucken, c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Moore, 3b 3 0 0 0 2 10
Streib. lb 3 <" 2 1 1 10 0 0
McHale, r. 1 4 2 112 0 0
Graham, c 3 10 0 110
Babbitt, s. s 3 0 10 4 2 2
Courtney, 2b *2 0 2 0 2 6 1
Johnson, p 3 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 30 '5 6 2 »25 10 3
•One man out when winning run was made.
OAKLAND.
AB. Ji. BH. SB. PO. A. E,
Frar.rks. s. s 2 1 1011 1
Hutchlnson, lb 5 0 1 "0 11 0 1
H»-!d. c. f., s. s 5 11 0 2 2 0
Hardie, r. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Borchers, p 4 0 0 0 12 0
Moskiman, 2b 4 10 0 2 6 1
Lohman, c 2 110 2 3 0
B«wman, 1. f 2 1 1 0 1 0 0
Kelly, 3b 4 0 3 0 5 1 .1
Mangerina, c. f 3 -I" 2 -6- 1-0,0
Totals 35 6 10 0 27 15 4
RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton ./ 0 20 2 0 0 0 1-0—5
Base hits 0 2 0200110—6
Oakland 2 1010100 1—6
Base hits 2 2 0 2 0 10 1 3—10
SUMMARY.
Second game:
STOCKTON.
Runs resDonsible for— Johnson 3. Borchers 2.
Home run— Held. Two-baee hit — Courtney. Sac
rifice hits — Babbitt. Johnson, Streib, Mc-
Guck«n. Graham, Bowman. Double plays —
Courtney to Streib. First base on errors—
Stockton 3, Oakland 2. First base on called
balls— Stockton 5, Oakland 3. Struck out— By
Johnson 1, by Borchers 2. Left on bases-
Stockton 7. Oakland 7. Time of game— 2:05.
Umpire— Jim McDonald. Scorer— A. H. Harlln.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. I. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 1
McGucken, c. t i 1 1 1 0 0 0
Moore, 3b 2 0 2 0 3 0 0
Strelb. lb 2 0 0 0 3 0 0
McHale, r. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Graham, c 2 0 0 0 4 3 1
Babbitt, s. s 2 0 0 0 2 10
Courtney, 2b 2 1 1 1 3 1 0
Harper, p 2 0 10 0 0 0
Morelng:, p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 19 2 S 2 15 5 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Manperina, c 2 1 1 0 1 0 0
Hutchinson, lb 2 0 0 0 7 0 0
Held. s. s 2 10 0 110
Hardle, r. f 1 0 0 0 3 0 0
Borchers, c. t 3 1 2 0-1 0 0
Moskiman, p 3 1 1 0 0-0 0
Lohman, 2b 2 1 2 0 0 o 0
Bowman, 1. f 2 1 10 2 0 0
Kelly, 3b 3 0 10 0 10
Totals 20. 6 g 0 .. 15 7 0
RUNS AA'D HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 1 0 10 0—6
Base hits 1 © 3-0 1—6
Oakland ........6 0 0 0 0—6
Base hits 3 12 1 1—8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Mor«lngr 6. Mnnklman 2.
Three-base hit — Lohman, Two-base hit — Moore.
Sacrifice hit— McCarthy. First base on errors —
Oakland 1. Left on bases — Stockton 3, Oakland
8. Double play— Held to Hutchlnson. First
base on called balls— Oft Morelngr 6, off Harper
2, oft Moskiman 1. Wild pitch— Harper. Struck
out— By Harper 4, by Moskiman 1. Time of
game — 1:10. Umpire — Jim McDonald. Scorer —
A. H. Harlln. ¦&'*>--; :
BASEBALL AVERAGES.
Some Tables for the Scrutiny -of
Fanatics.
The following tables and averages show
what the league players and the teams
have been doing up to date. San Francisco
leads in team batting: "and Stockton in
team fielding. The tables contain the de
tailed story:
TEAM STANDING.
Totals ..... .'..... .27 ' 0 1 2 27 12 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco... i.... 7. 3 0 0 13 0 0 1 0—8
Bas» hit* ...4.0.0 14 1 0 3 0-42
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 ft o 0 0— o
Base hits .0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0—1
SUMMARY.
Runi responsible for— Devereau* & Home
"Red-dog" Devereaux was' punished in
ferocious style on the Oakland grounds
yesterday morning. In two innings the lo
cal team untwisted his curves and ava
lanches of hits resulted. At the outset of
tho game four safe hits with good base
running gave the San Francisco team
three runs. In the fifth inning the same
conditions and the same results pre
vailed. Even Ancient Rube vaulted the
fence for a "homer."
As)bad as Devereaux was just so good
was 'Fitzpatrick. He pitched faultless
ball. In the sixth inning McLaughlin sin
gled and this was the only hit of the Sac
ramento team ln the game. The errors
were exceedingly scarce, the battle be
longing to the pitchers. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
r, , u ~ , AB. R. BH. SR. PO. A' K.
Urockhoff. e. f 5 1 10 1 o 0
Hiidebrand, r. f 5 2 2 l i o 0
Krugr, s. b 4 10 0 2 1 0
Pabst. lb 4 11 o 12 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 2 3 0 2 4 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 3 0 4<0*0
I-ievy. L f 4 110 3 0 0
Rfllly. 3b... 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Fitzpatrick. p ...4 0 l 0 0 4 l
Totals 38 8 12 1 27 ~~t ~i
BACRAMENTO.
AR R. BH. SB. PO. A. B
Devereaux. p 4 0 0 0 j 4 o
Sheehan, 3b 1 0 0 10 2 1
Stanley, c 3 0 0 0 3 2 0
Eagan, s. ¦ ' 3.0 0 0 3 2 0
Dcyle. c. f 4 0 0 0 1 o 0
McLaushlln. 1. f 2 0 1 1 2 0 0
Hanlon, lb » 3 0 0 0 12 0 0
Stultz, 2b 8 0 0 0 0 2 Q
Dcnnle, ,r. f 4 0 0 0 40 0
San Francisco 8, Sacramento O.
MORNING GAME.
Totals 36 3 7 1 27 11 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 01003100 0 B
Base hits 12023110 0—10
Sacramento 00101001 0 3
Base hits 0 01120210—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Knell 1, Hughes 2. Two
base hits— Sullivan. Schwartz. Hughes. First
bace on errors — San Francisco 2. Sacramento 2.
First bas« en called balls— San • Francisco 2,
Sacramento 4. Left on bases— San Francltco 8,
Sacramento 7. Struck out— By Knell 1, by
Hurhes 1. Time of game-l:5(i. ' Umpire— Van
Haltren. Official scorer — J. • \% r . Stapleton.
OX the last lap the local team has !
begun a spurt which may carry
the fluttering hearts of fanatics
over a few hurdles before the
wire is reached. By a stroke of
luck Hank beat all the pet resolutions of
the Senators, and in the three games of
this local series he plucked as many vic
tories. On the Oakland grounds yester
day morning San Francisco whitewashed
Sacramento and In the afternoon at Rec
reation grounds, an enthusiastic crowd
pacJving the stands, the Senators were
submerged to the tune of 5 to 3.
This puts the home team in the pennant
running once again, but badly handi
capped. The lead of the champions is less
than 30 per cent, but with but three weeks
Of the season left for action it is a case
of wine to a glass of foaming steam that
the pennant will be swung to the Sacra
mento zephyrs. The game yesterday aft
ernoon gave San Francisco the majority
of those played between these two teams.
The locals have eighteen to their credit
out of thirty-five played. They will meet
again — once, on Thanksgiving day in this
city.
Hughes was an easy mark yesterday
and by reason of the timely hitting of
the local swatters the game was attached
for Hank. Ten times they rifled his
i strong box, getting a package of fire
works in the fifth which put the quietus
on the Senators. Knell was ln good trim,
generating good curves and acting as if
his bark were well anchored. Seven times
they set fire to his ammunition, but it was
all scattered and worked little harm.
In the fifth and seventh innings the fa
natics had a chance to feel their hearts
knocking against their ribs. With two
outs— Devereaux. Stanley and Easan on
the bags', in both instances, and Doyle at
the plate— the crowd became a bit feverish
and noisy. Twice Doyle failed wheFe he
might have won the game. In the ilfth
he fouled to Sullivan; In the seventh he
drove a high one to Hiidebrand, which
was promptly buried in that player's ca
pacious mils. And so died the Senators'
suddenly elevated hopes.
Ancient Rube Levy and Resuscitated
Knell were at home with the stick. Three
hits by Reuben suggested a rejuvenation
of eye and two by the southpaw provoked
memories of other days. Some startling
Held work by Krug and Eagan put a snap
Into the game, which was of the interest
ing order. The score:
BAN* FRAXCISCO.
AR R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Brockhoff, c. f 5 0 10 2 0 0
Hiidebrand, r. f 3 2 11 2 0*0
Krui?, s. s 5 l l 0 1 1 i
Ffcbet. lb S 0 0 0 13 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 2 10 0 11
Sullivan, c 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Levy, 1. f 4 0 3 0 5 0 1
IMlly, Sb 4 0 0 0 10 0
Krell. p 4 0 2 0 110
Totals 38 5 . 19 1 27 9 3
SACRAMENTO.
AR R. BH. SD. PO. A. E.
Pevereaux, 3b 5 1 1 o 0 1 0
Rlitehan. c. t 4 0 2 0 3 0 1
Stanley, c 3 0 10 2 2 0
Ka^an, s. s 4 0 0 0 2 3 2
Dcyle, r. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Mclaughlin, l. f 4 1114 0 0
H&nlon, lb 4 0 0 0 10 ii O
Hughes, p 4 1 10 1 S •
Stultz, 2b 4 i) 0 0 3 2 1 !
INCIDENTS OF THE LAST MEETING BETWEEN THE BASEBALL TEAMS OF THIS CITY AND SACRAMENTO.
THE END OF THE PENNANT STRUGGGLE IS STILL SOME WEEKS OFF, BUT THESE TEAMS WILL
NOT MEET HERE AGAIN.
LOCALS DEFEAT SENATORS
IN THREE STRAIGHT GAMES
SUNDAY SPORTS ON MANY FIELDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1900.
On the San Francisco handball court.-?
yesterday the following matches were
played:
Ben Chapman a*nd A. Altken.... a n "l
F. Perry and E. Connelly ***** jj jj "£
M. KIrby.and C. Murray ;. 21 IS 21 "> "1
J. Foley and E. Barry lt> 21 13 ii 13
V>'. Williams and E. McOlnty.. 2t v. M ¦"<! "t
L». Connelly «nd D. Regan 17 14 ?1 21 Ei>
M. Levy and E. Levene 51 », »,
B. ¦Wurkheim and B. Meyers "*}*" 9 H \>
I>. Kenny and O. B. Kayward 21 -n •><
W. Fisher and W. Hassell ~ Jj j£ Jg
H. H. Lissner and J. J. Kavanaush... '1 21 «
W. Walsh and R. LonKabach....?...^ is 13 is
J. Condon and T. Foley xi n n
A. McVlcker and T. Leach '/.'. U V> U
R. Regli and A. Wfciteman.... 21 a 13 17 1
W. Johnson and E. White 13 13 H »i 15
Triple handicap irame:
C. Kratky and J. O'Leary 21 14 n
W. Fisher ..; [i a ii
J. White and J. Harlow 21 1? SI to *i
i. Klordon and J. Collins is 21 u tl L>
"Words resemble sunbeams; the more
are, condensed tho .denser they burn.
Handball Matches.
Although the frequently repeated efforts
to secure a stand of ilongolian pheasants
in California have not been successful
local sportsmen need not despair Tho
birds are to be found in numbers no
farther away than Ortgon, as has be-M
proved by P. D. Linville. who has ju
returned from three weeka of rare
are called by Oregonians.
Linville s cousin, Sheriff of Clat^on
County, in Oregon, also Lir.villj by mSe
recently organized a party tof pheasan*'
shooting, the members being ¦Clark I^w"
fiZrn T^'f ° f P ° liCe ESSSE £$&
! ki Tallant. a salmon canner of the Co
lumbia. and a Mr. Martin. P. D Linvil! i
the party and fitted" S
fh^i°, r h he .f port undcr th « advice oX
those to the "manner born."
lnaHlrt am^ nlUon ne had shells
loaded with smokeless powder and sho*
in sizes 6, 7 and 8. Not knowing precisely
what game he might find he carried a ri": la
and the police revolver with which he has
wonsomany matches. Unvillo took threo
English setters with ham but might as
well have left them behind, since tho
cover in which the pheasants were fourd
was so high as to preclude the possibility
of seeing the dogs. The party made i*s
heardquarters at McMlnnviHe. nftv mii«
from Portland up the Willamette VaHev
driving from the town a few miles to th j
rne San Francisco snortsman four-d
m hf h r,^oi ea^ n aS to hu "«n2 methodi:
T . Peasants we ro erratic, sometimes
wild and at all times running long dis
tances unless killed eios<T shootine
f?u n nVn e ce%\ O aW n0t th * n 7 » ™«
The party bagged something over a hui
2ft d °K f e royal blrds > about McMinnl
vllle. besides a good manv "bobwhlte "
and common Oregon quails lle3
STth? toffi? 1 and a3 bCing *«£" biiS
fl^fl snootln S and feastinsr until satis
fied the party visited the famous sr< "*
lands about Astoria and founT the fore!
£ nVh.fr ty ~°v, ne ., day ' s recor <* for four
gu Jl 9 b^I n S on® hundred and thirty-eleht
The Oregonians treated their CaJlforn'a
friend ln real sportsmanlike fashion
Story of a Trip Into Oregon Where
This Game Was
Bagged.
PHEASANT HUNTING
NOT VJfcTKY FAR OFF
ROBKRT WHITNEY WINS
SINGLES TOURNAMENT
Many Matches Played on the Courts
of the California
Club.
Robert Whltnej>won the singles tourna-
ment yesterday at the California Tennis
Club by defeating Grant Smith in the
finals.
Smith and Collier opened the play, Smith
winning, &— 2. In the finals Smith won the
first and second sets. 6 — 2. 6— 2. In the
third set Smith had the sun in his eyes
and played a listless game, "Whitney win
ning, &— 2. In the fourth set Whitney put
steam in his drives and won, 6—2. It was
now two sets all. The fifth and last set
Whitney won' by well-placed drives.
Many practice matches were played. In
a double match for a dinner Crowell aoU
Collier gave John O'Brien and Paul Jones
15 and defeated them.,*— 4, 5—7. 7—5. Dr.
Lane and Dr. Noble were defeated by Mr.
Butler and Wlllett Sperry, 6 — 4. M. John
son defeated J. A. Code, &— -4, 8 — 6. Charles
Kuehn defeated Louis Delano, &— 3, 4—6,
6—3, 6—2. Worthlngton defeated Dodsre.
6—1, 6—2, 6—3. Johnson defeated W. B.
Collier, 6 — i. Sperry defeated Colin Spang
ler, 6 — 4. Crowell defeated Collier. 6 — I.
3—6, 6—3. Al Rosenberg defeated M. John
son, 6—5. Dr. Philip flefeated Robert Reid,
6—4, 6—4. Reid defeated Mr. Dodge. 6—0,
6—1, 6—1. Sperry beat Young, 6—1. 7—5. Dr.
Lane defeated Mr. Butler. 6 — 1. 6 — 1. Pro
fessor Dailey defeated A. W r orthington,
1-6, 6-2, 6-3.
HORSEMEN TRESPASS ON
TH E SACRED GOLF LINKS
Arrested by Military Authorities and
Reprimanded for Baring to Do
Such a Thing.
Two civilians raised quite a rumpus for
a few moments at the Presidio yesterday.
They were enjoying a ride through the
reservation and not knowing any order or
rule against such a procedure, galloped
across the golf links. They were spotted
by Captain Rumbaugh, who ordered them
to stop, but the command was unheeded.
By the time the horsemen reached the
nearest road the irate captain was ln
communication with the officer of the day
by telephone, and, describing the men and
their mounts, ordered their arrest. Cap
tain Rumbaugh failed to Inform Captain
Hardln, officer of the day, the cause for
the order, and when the men were halted
had to ask them what they had been do
ing. The surprised gentleme'n could think
of no misdemeanor or crime they had
committed and were at a loss to explain.
While the argument was going on a cou
rier arrived posthaste from the links and
gave Captain Hardin the required Infor
mation. The horses were taken from
them and sent to the stables, and the
offenders hauled up before a temporary
court composed of Major Adams and the
officer of the day. "They were finally dis
missed, after being reprimanded, and their
steeds restored.
Robert Minard and Fred Honischer
both privates in the Thirty-ninth Infan
try, died yesterday at the general hos
pital.
GBTTETU: VEBEIN GIVES
A. FINE ENTERTAINMENT
KTovember Festival of Singing Sec
tion of the Popular German. Or
ganization a Success.
XJje San Francisco Gruetll Verein gave
its annual November festival' last night
at Turner Hall and the affair was a 1
grand success. The festival began with a
select entertainment by the singing sec
tion of the popular German organization
and concluded with a ball.
The first part of the programme was
unaer the direction of Professor F. Dletz
and consisted of vocal selections by tho
mixed choir, male choir and ladies' choir.
A trio by Mesdames Eckert, Tschanz and
A. Endelein earned a recall.
In the second part several members of
the verein were heard to advantage In
the operetta. "Here He Goes And There
He Goes." The characters were well sus
tained by U. Rechsteiner, Mrs. Ida
Schweizer, Mrs. Lina Muller.. William
Keller, Julius Bonadurer and U. Glngg
Elmore-Cooper Company Bankrupt
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 11.— The Elmore
Cooper Livestock Company has filed a pe
tition in bankruptcy. The liabilities,
placed at $600,000. are mostly tho result of
the Gillette failure a year asro. The as
jets are placed at $200,000, -~^\."
WILKESBARRK. Pa., .Joy. tL— Th*
minor differences which exist between tho
Lehigh Valley Coal Company and some of
its employes arc not expected to have a
serious ending. The rock men. who ara
employed in opening tunnels and pangr
ways, have petitioned the company for a
reduction in the price of dynamite which
the company Is not inclined to grant. It
is said, however, that the way is open lor
a compromise.
Three hundred miners employed at the
Maltby colliery of the Lehish Valley Com
pany went on strike on Saturday because
a number of non-union men were put to
work, restrict President Xichols of the
united Mine Workers held a conference
with the mina superintendent, and it (a
understood the men will join the union
and the old hands will resume work to
morrow.
HAZLETON, Pa., Nov. 11.— When asked
to-day about the story published yester
dey to the effect that there would likelv
be another strike at the collieries of th.>
Lehigh Valley Coal Company because of
the alleged refusal to grant a reduction
on the price of dynamite, and that Presi
dent Mitchell of the United Mine Work
ers and President Gpmpers of the Ameri
can Fea^ratlon of tabor would meet to
morrow in Scranton to talk over the sit
uation. Division Superintendent Seerbv
who has charge of all the Lehigh Valley
C0 .! 1 , ie , rIes ln tne . Hazleton district, said:
I know nothing of any dissatisfaction
and the agreement entered into with our
men is being carried out. I am not able
nowever, to speak for my superiors. I
know of no difficulty."
Difficulty With the Lehigh
Valley Company to Be
Settled.
COAL MINERS NOT
READY TO STRIKE
Gorgeous Sunset Concludes the Day's
Pleasure — Pun at Chutes and
Sutro's Baths.
More pleasant weather and a more beau
tiful sunset than that of yesterday -were
never enjoyed by pleasure-seekers at the
beach. Early in the day people began de
serting their homes to pass the Sabbath
In the open. Shortly after noon the park
and beach were thronged and vast crowds
poured through the turnstiles of the
Chutes and Sutro's Baths. Those who en-
Joyed the treat of the day, however, re
mained at the beach until evening. The
sun, like a globe of gold, dipped beneath
the horizon, leaving behind a crimson
flood of lteht set in a leaden sky. Thou
sands stood and watched thi3 lurid herald
of the coming night until it disappeared,
wrapped in tne mist of the sea.
The dog circus is the feature at the
Chutes this week, though those equally
intelligent natives of mysterious lands,
Tess and Mr. and Mrs. Congo and their
baby, were not neglected by the crowd.
The usual aquatic contests entertained
the visitors at Sutro Baths.
The fifty-yard dash was won by H. Lei
cellier, G. Sundberg second; the under
water swimming contest by Hugh Lindon,
William Hoburg second: tub race, won by
J. Lubsell. Lundberg second, Paulln third:
100-yard race for amateurs, Gus Anderson
tirst, True Somers second; springboard
diving, Earl V.'yln first, TV. Carl second;
high diving, Willis Thompson first, John
Kramer second.
THOUSANDS PASS SUNDAY
AT THE PAEK AND BEACH
Schuetzen Verein Members Con
test for Medals and Turkeys.
NATIONAL GUARD
AT SHELL MOUND
PITCHERS?
6
I Handl- I
Place.
RIDER.
cap.
Time.
1
2
3
4
G
I
I
10
u
12
13
14
15
1«
17
C. L. Braun
F. Carroll
H. Barnv.ell
E. E. Bergman.
E. '\Varr«n
A. Barnwfll
G. Seyfried
II. Rprrar
A. Carl
K. English
F. Westcott
H. Buttjrenbach.
K. Kristens*n...
E. Pfelffer
E. Egeberg
Thomas White.
L. Zelinsky
L...
:"i
:20
:20
:2<)
:4fl
:4H
:2O
:40
1:00
1:15
1:M
1:00
1:00
1:15
1:15
1:00
Scratch.
I 1:30
12:45
12:45 1-5
11:45 2-5
13:03 3-5
13:05 4-5
12:4$
13:06 1-5
13:26 2-5
18:41 3-5
13:S6 4-6
13:27
13:27 1-5
13:42 2-5
13:4! 3-5
13:27 4-5
12:33 ¦
14:13
Sacramento .
San Francisco........;
Stockton .........;..
Oakland
CLUBS.
Won.
45
45
37
33
Lost. Pet.
85 .662
33 .535
44 .456
48 .448
s
-I:
I 3 I
f f
• • ?
1024 233 .923
1064 269 .921
1117 276 .922
1164 236 .813
CLUBS.
'¦¦'-¦
W
?.
3017
2146
2189
2087
Stockton ........................
Sacramento ;...v.v:
San Francisco .......„..;....".
Oakland .......... ..:...."...;¦.;'.
80
80
83
87
CLUBS.
a b t» fl
S S * 5-
? ° 3 g
1 1 1 !
: : ¦ :
117 684 149 ~M1
177 706 175 .237
:9S 637 237 .233
San Francisco...,......:...
Oakland ..".;......;.;.....;..
Sacramento ...,
Stockton ..... ,, it m . ...... <JU .
83 2S36
87 2977
80 2709
3 "0 > K >
s. e •* -i <
| ¦" | 3,'«
NAME. " c * * jj
! Hi
i: |: I • i: i :
— — — — — —^__ ~_ — . I ___ ( _^_^
First Basemen-
Courtney 11 121 n 2 .934
Hutchlnaon 76 781 38 39 .984
McCarthy 16I1.Y2 21 3 .933
Hanlon 74 766 1S| 21 .974
Strelb 60;560 14 16 .973
Pabst •. ;i!7!l 30 1 22 .971
Second Basemen— I I
Stulz 7? IS'. Ul\ 33 .94 1 )
Heilly ' 20 r>3 ".7 7 .941
Francks 24 *.O 70 11 .930
Courtney 38 !>4 82 15 .921
Arrellancs 54 123 166 2o .921
Dabbltt 24 53 97 14 .912
Schwartz 60 132 119 27.909
McHale 9 19 21 7 .872
LocUhsad 7 7 1!> 6 .812
Third Basemen —
Kelly ., 16 21 34 5.916
Moore 80 146 201 41 .895
Reilly 36 9S 157 35.881
Devpreaux 66 96 120 32.871
I.an«p 52 4J 10S 25 .SG4
Krockhoft IS 2T> 22 18 .740
ShortHtops — •
Francks 60 137 323 58 .834
Ea*nn 77 154 2G0 61.871
Babbitt 17 Si 115 29.871
Krua; 63 13S 1C2 44.871
I-ockhead 28 r.8 93 24 .8«3
Peoples 10 18 40 10 .833
Schmeer 24 !6 81 23 .S17
FlPldprs—
McHalo 20 45 9 0 1000
Hfld 40 70 7 2 .9S7
HughC3 ?.S 63 5 2.971
Pheehan 13 2S i 2 .970
McGucken 4S 92 10 4 ,862
Courtney 24 34 7 2.954
Brockhoff 36 111 12 6.953
Drennan 83 191 in 10 .952
Bowman 44 72 7 4 .9S1
Hildrbrand ,... S2 114 19 9 .941
Pj-ne , 17 32 1 2 .943
Doyle 38 r.0 5 4.932
Morrow 40 52 T 5 .922
Levy 77 151 S 13.919
Shanahan 36 62 4 6 .916
McLaughlln 79U4S 10 15 .913
McCarthy 731140 5 15 .906
Mosklman 33 65 2 7.903
Dunleavy 27 29 6 4.837
Kruy j 21 .V. 3 7.848
NAME AND CLUB.
Vi •* iZ
B - {-
3 - 2
? E :
B '' § . j 9
* K 2
s f I
? 1
Pace, Stockton 51 194 2S 62 19 .319
McGucken, Stockton 41175 26 54 13.30$
Eagan, Sacramento 79 272 60 83 25.305
Pabst, San Francisco 71261 49 73 23.302
McHale. Stockton 32 124 14 37 14.239
Fhechan, Sacramento 17 67 10 20 6 .238
HildebranU. San FVanclsco. 82 312 59 91 31 .292
Krug, San Francisco 78 312 81 91 12.232
Hutchlnson, Oakland 76 282 50 79 16.234
Knell, San Francisco 15 45 2 12 2.266
Stanley, Sacramento 74 284 47 70 11 .268
Francks. Oakland 8« 333 48 8S 2S .264
Schwartz, San Francisco... 81 319 4". S3 13 .2C0
Schmeer. Oakland 24 100 18 26 5 .260
Arrellanea, Oakland ......... 54 200 23 52 12 .280
Horchers, Oakland 32 123 12 32 1.260
BrockhofT. San Francisco. 79 312 54 SI 22 .259
Held, Oakland SI 1S5 24 4S 11 .259
Doyle. Sacramento 77 291 22 7* 15 2o7
Kardle, Oakland S6 112 9 28 7 .230
McLaughlin, Sacramento... 73 320 63 SO 44 .250
Strcib, Stockton .... 68 106 2."i 64 40.253
Cojrtney, Stockton 77 248 22 61 13.218
Hanlon, Sacramento 78 302 51 74 35 .245
Beville. Oakland 16 50 6 12 0 240
Kelly. Oakland 16 55 7 13 1 .238
Moskiman, Oakland 72 279 34 65 17.233
Hammond, Oakland 24 100 18 23 9.230
Dunleavy. Oakland... 30 111 14 26 6 .221
Drennan, Oakland 84 326 4C 74 2S .227
Harper. Stockton 34 93 6 21 7 .226
Sullivan, San Francisco.... 64 232 40 63 12 .224
Lockhtad, Stockton 37 139 19 31 14.223
McCarthy, Stockton 75 303 .".8 eg 33.217
Lohtnan, Oakland ........... 15 S7 5 S 0.217
Shanahan. Sacramento..... 39 12S IS 27 8 .211
Man&erlna, Oakland..-. 48 167 18 3s 6 "OD
Levy, San Francisco... 77 271 32 56 13.207
Rellly, San Francisco...... 81 296 35 60 10.203
Moore, Stockton 80 291 38 68 16.199
Bowman. Oakland ; 44 171 20 33 7 .193
Fltxpatrlck. San Francisco. 38 117 13 21 l .lag
tburtr, San Francisco 45 139 18 26 6 .187
Babbitt, Stockton 1 7S 269 36 52 30 .186
Stulz. Sacramento... 79 269 29 51 19 isa
Peoples, San Francisco 21 70 6 12 4 !l7i
Morrow, Stockton 40 130 11 25 10 .1(56
Graham, Stockton 19 70 14 11 3 157
Whalen, Stockton 44 138 14 21 14 .151
Dennie, • Oakland 19 «2 5 9 lj 143
Steffanl, Oakland 17 50 3 4 Ol.OSJ
c
s
3
K
1
9
\
a.
<
a
3
n
o
NAME.
o
53
2.
a"
11!
i« ;
I
s
Sullivan ¦
Hammond
Stanley """
Mangerlna v.v.
Pace '"
Graham \"~
Lohman ..." • ••..
Schwartz ...¦ ...."I"*"
64
24
74
4S
51
19
10
19
283
128
276
190
w47i
87j
3R
68
?3
3.1
75
62
67
2!)
II
22
IS
10
11
10
11
\
11
.949
.841
.935
.923
.920
.913
.888
.849
Iburgr
Moskiman
Steffanl
Doyle
Hughes ...-.
Fltzpatrick *
Whalen
Harper .......;
Be\1lle
Kmll '.l\\"
Borcher* ...................!]
NAME.
u
t
45
27
17
3«
34
34
36
34
15
10
29
B
0
c
17,
20
2
18
f>S
16
11
10
7
2
8
3°
a
93
70
47
»2
95
SI
SI
22
2S
S7
K
3
4
2
2
6
¦ 7
6
¦ r
6
4
3
11
3
2
2
8
1
6
S
8
6
0
3
4
.94!
<
n
¦i
9
a
.943
.901
.901
.8SS
.8*4
.S7S
,n.\
3 "0 > K >
s. e •* -i <
| ¦" | 3,'«
NAME. " c * * jj
! Hi
i: |: I • i: i :
— — — — — —^__ ~_ — . I ___ ( _^_^
First Basemen-
Courtney 11 121 n 2 .934
Hutchlnaon 76 781 38 39 .984
McCarthy 16I1.Y2 21 3 .933
Hanlon 74 766 1S| 21 .974
Strelb 60;560 14 16 .973
Pabst •. ;i!7!l 30 1 22 .971
Second Basemen— I I
Stulz 7? IS'. Ul\ 33 .94 1 )
Heilly ' 20 r>3 ".7 7 .941
Francks 24 *.O 70 11 .930
Courtney 38 !>4 82 15 .921
Arrellancs 54 123 166 2o .921
Dabbltt 24 53 97 14 .912
Schwartz 60 132 119 27.909
McHale 9 19 21 7 .872
LocUhsad 7 7 1!> 6 .812
Third Basemen —
Kelly ., 16 21 34 5.916
Moore 80 146 201 41 .895
Reilly 36 9S 157 35.881
Devpreaux 66 96 120 32.871
I.an«p 52 4J 10S 25 .SG4
Krockhoft IS 2T> 22 18 .740
ShortHtops — •
Francks 60 137 323 58 .834
Ea*nn 77 154 2G0 61.871
Babbitt 17 Si 115 29.871
Krua; 63 13S 1C2 44.871
I-ockhead 28 r.8 93 24 .8«3
Peoples 10 18 40 10 .833
Schmeer 24 !6 81 23 .S17
FlPldprs—
McHalo 20 45 9 0 1000
Hfld 40 70 7 2 .9S7
HughC3 ?.S 63 5 2.971
Pheehan 13 2S i 2 .970
McGucken 4S 92 10 4 ,862
Courtney 24 34 7 2.954
Brockhoff 36 111 12 6.953
Drennan 83 191 in 10 .952
Bowman 44 72 7 4 .9S1
Hildrbrand ,... S2 114 19 9 .941
Pj-ne , 17 32 1 2 .943
Doyle 38 r.0 5 4.932
Morrow 40 52 T 5 .922
Levy 77 151 S 13.919
Shanahan 36 62 4 6 .916
McLaughlln 79U4S 10 15 .913
McCarthy 731140 5 15 .906
Mosklman 33 65 2 7.903
Dunleavy 27 29 6 4.837
Kruy j 21 .V. 3 7.848
NAME AND CLUB.
Vi •* iZ
B - {-
3 - 2
? E :
B '' § . j 9
* K 2
s f I
? 1
Pace, Stockton 51 194 2S 62 19 .319
McGucken, Stockton 41175 26 54 13.30$
Eagan, Sacramento 79 272 60 83 25.305
Pabst, San Francisco 71261 49 73 23.302
McHale. Stockton 32 124 14 37 14.239
Fhechan, Sacramento 17 67 10 20 6 .238
HildebranU. San FVanclsco. 82 312 59 91 31 .292
Krug, San Francisco 78 312 81 91 12.232
Hutchlnson, Oakland 76 282 50 79 16.234
Knell, San Francisco 15 45 2 12 2.266
Stanley, Sacramento 74 284 47 70 11 .268
Francks. Oakland 8« 333 48 8S 2S .264
Schwartz, San Francisco... 81 319 4". S3 13 .2C0
Schmeer. Oakland 24 100 18 26 5 .260
Arrellanea, Oakland ......... 54 200 23 52 12 .280
Horchers, Oakland 32 123 12 32 1.260
BrockhofT. San Francisco. 79 312 54 SI 22 .259
Held, Oakland SI 1S5 24 4S 11 .259
Doyle. Sacramento 77 291 22 7* 15 2o7
Kardle, Oakland S6 112 9 28 7 .230
McLaughlin, Sacramento... 73 320 63 SO 44 .250
Strcib, Stockton .... 68 106 2."i 64 40.253
Cojrtney, Stockton 77 248 22 61 13.218
Hanlon, Sacramento 78 302 51 74 35 .245
Beville. Oakland 16 50 6 12 0 240
Kelly. Oakland 16 55 7 13 1 .238
Moskiman, Oakland 72 279 34 65 17.233
Hammond, Oakland 24 100 18 23 9.230
Dunleavy. Oakland... 30 111 14 26 6 .221
Drennan, Oakland 84 326 4C 74 2S .227
Harper. Stockton 34 93 6 21 7 .226
Sullivan, San Francisco.... 64 232 40 63 12 .224
Lockhtad, Stockton 37 139 19 31 14.223
McCarthy, Stockton 75 303 .".8 eg 33.217
Lohtnan, Oakland ........... 15 S7 5 S 0.217
Shanahan. Sacramento..... 39 12S IS 27 8 .211
Man&erlna, Oakland..-. 48 167 18 3s 6 "OD
Levy, San Francisco... 77 271 32 56 13.207
Rellly, San Francisco...... 81 296 35 60 10.203
Moore, Stockton 80 291 38 68 16.199
Bowman. Oakland ; 44 171 20 33 7 .193
Fltxpatrlck. San Francisco. 38 117 13 21 l .lag
tburtr, San Francisco 45 139 18 26 6 .187
Babbitt, Stockton 1 7S 269 36 52 30 .186
Stulz. Sacramento... 79 269 29 51 19 isa
Peoples, San Francisco 21 70 6 12 4 !l7i
Morrow, Stockton 40 130 11 25 10 .1(56
Graham, Stockton 19 70 14 11 3 157
Whalen, Stockton 44 138 14 21 14 .151
Dennie, • Oakland 19 «2 5 9 lj 143
Steffanl, Oakland 17 50 3 4 Ol.OSJ
c
Sacramento .
San Francisco........;
Stockton .........;..
Oakland
CLUBS.
Won.
45
45
37
33
Lost. Pet.
85 .662
33 .535
44 .456
48 .448
s
3
K
1
9
\
a.
<
a
3
n
o
NAME.
o
53
2.
a"
11!
i« ;
I
s
Sullivan ¦
Hammond
Stanley """
Mangerlna v.v.
Pace '"
Graham \"~
Lohman ..." • ••..
Schwartz ...¦ ...."I"*"
64
24
74
4S
51
19
10
19
283
128
276
190
w47i
87j
3R
68
?3
3.1
75
62
67
2!)
II
22
IS
10
11
10
11
\
11
.949
.841
.935
.923
.920
.913
.888
.849
s
-I:
I 3 I
f f
• • ?
1024 233 .923
1064 269 .921
1117 276 .922
1164 236 .813
CLUBS.
'¦¦'-¦
W
?.
3017
2146
2189
2087
Stockton ........................
Sacramento ;...v.v:
San Francisco .......„..;....".
Oakland .......... ..:...."...;¦.;'.
80
80
83
87
I Handl- I
Place.
RIDER.
cap.
Time.
1
2
3
4
G
I
I
10
u
12
13
14
15
1«
17
C. L. Braun
F. Carroll
H. Barnv.ell
E. E. Bergman.
E. '\Varr«n
A. Barnwfll
G. Seyfried
II. Rprrar
A. Carl
K. English
F. Westcott
H. Buttjrenbach.
K. Kristens*n...
E. Pfelffer
E. Egeberg
Thomas White.
L. Zelinsky
L...
:"i
:20
:20
:2<)
:4fl
:4H
:2O
:40
1:00
1:15
1:M
1:00
1:00
1:15
1:15
1:00
Scratch.
I 1:30
12:45
12:45 1-5
11:45 2-5
13:03 3-5
13:05 4-5
12:4$
13:06 1-5
13:26 2-5
18:41 3-5
13:S6 4-6
13:27
13:27 1-5
13:42 2-5
13:4! 3-5
13:27 4-5
12:33 ¦
14:13
CLUBS.
a b t» fl
S S * 5-
? ° 3 g
1 1 1 !
: : ¦ :
117 684 149 ~M1
177 706 175 .237
:9S 637 237 .233
San Francisco...,......:...
Oakland ..".;......;.;.....;..
Sacramento ...,
Stockton ..... ,, it m . ...... <JU .
83 2S36
87 2977
80 2709
Iburgr
Moskiman
Steffanl
Doyle
Hughes ...-.
Fltzpatrick *
Whalen
Harper .......;
Be\1lle
Kmll '.l\\"
Borcher* ...................!]
NAME.
u
t
45
27
17
3«
34
34
36
34
15
10
29
B
0
c
17,
20
2
18
f>S
16
11
10
7
2
8
3°
a
93
70
47
»2
95
SI
SI
22
2S
S7
K
3
4
2
2
6
¦ 7
6
¦ r
6
4
3
11
3
2
2
8
1
6
S
8
6
0
3
4
.94!
<
n
¦i
9
a
.943
.901
.901
.8SS
.8*4
.S7S
,n.\The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes Boggs and Haeward,
sketch artists; Leondor brothers, acro
bats; Little Alma, juvenile song and dance
artist; Charles Evans, monologlst; Hunt's
dog circus, John Pamplin, Juggler; Eddie
Mack, buck and wing dancer, and new
pictures.
Mabel Hudson. Hanlon and Singer and
Henderson and Evers are the week's at
tractions at the Olympia.
Fischer's concert house Includes the sec
ond act of "Traviata" this week on the
bill. Faecl, Puerari and Alessandroni are
still on the list of entertainers.
It is a huge gamble to bring across the
continent a small matter of 250 people,
one of the largest orchestras, the largest
chorus, the largest collection of stars, in
cluding only seven conductors, on the
reputation that San Francisco has some
how acquired Eastward as a musical city.
Mr. Grau ; knows it. and Is probably the
only man in America who would have
undertaken the risk.
At the Grand Opera-house to-night will
be inaugurated one of the most impor
tant musical happenings in the history of
San Francisco since the Thomas orchestra
season, now many years ago. The Grau
organization Is the largest, most impor
tant aggregation of operatic talent now
before the public, either in Europe or
America. The very best the world has
in the line of opera, stars, orchestra,
chorus, conductors, repertoire, scenic ac
cessories and every detail and depart
ment of opera, Is ours for a good three
weeks and tho necessary dollars. This
Is a tentative effort, according to Mr.
Uraii. and on our wise or otherwise ap
preciation of this best that the world
affords depends both the possible repeti
tion of the season and our much-vaunted
reputation as a musical city. It is our
habit to boast loudly of a critical genius
so far as both music and the drama are
concerned, and now in very truth is the
acceptable time, now the precious mo
ment, for making good our large claims.
star, however. Is Frank Tannehlll Jr., who
plays Dobbins, "just from the country,"
very - cleverly and does a good singing
specialty. Krnest Howard as Hubert
Douglas and Carl Stockdalg as the villain.
Clarence Douglas, are good. C. Stuart
Johnson does a clever character bit as
Marks, the governor of the den. The rest
of the long cajt is well filled. "A Young
Wife" should draw large houses to tho
Alhambra this week.
"A Young Wife." a comedy drama In
four acts, is the. bill at the Alhambra this
week. "A Voung "Wife" Is full of thrills
and pleases the patrons of the house. The
setting is good, particularly the second
act. which represents a thieves' den un
derground, from which the comedy man
and the leading lady escape by the latter
drugging the villain's drink while the
former is doing a specialty.
Notable in the cast is Ethelyn- Palmer
us the young wife, a difficult role, which
she sustains well. The bright particular
* • » •
The Orpheum announces as headliner
in the week's bill the first appearance in
vaudeville of Miss Anna Boyd, who made
so charming an impression In "The Hin
doo Hoodoo" not many weeks ago here.
William J. Hynes, well known locally In
musical and humorist circles, will also
make his debut as a vaudevillain this
week.
"Lost Paradise," owing to unusual late
demand for seats, will be continued at the
Alcazar Theater until Tuesday evening.
"His Absent Boy" will be the bill for the
remainder of the week.
• * •
To-night begins the sixteenth and last
week of the grand opera season at tho
Tlvoll Opera-house, and by special request
of patrons the most popular operas of the
season Trill be given. For this evening and
Wednesday night "Emanl" will be sung;
on Friday "Cavalleria" and "Pagllaccl"
will be given: for Saturday night "Othel
lo" will be repeated, and the week will
close on Sunday night with "Carmen."
On Tuesday and Thursday nights and
next Saturday- matineo "Ml&non" will be
sunp with Collamarlni in the title role.
On Monday next the comic opera season
will begin with a big production of "The
Jolly Musketeer."
Daniels begins a two weeks' engagement
in his latest comic opera hit, "The
Ameer." the brilliant successor to "The
Idol's Eye" and "The Wizard . of tho
Nile."
It has been stamped an emphatic hit,
both musically and scenically. Daniels
himself is to outdo all his former work
as a fun-maker, while his support is de
scribed aa being udequate in every par
ticular to the many calls made upon It
by the elaborate score composed by Vic
tor Herbert, and the libretto, written by
Krederic Ranken and Kirk I>a Shelle.
Among the principals of Daniels' company
are Helen Redmond, Kate Uart, Norma
Kopp. William Corless, Rhys Thomas and
Will Danforth.
BERKELEY, Nov. 11.— There is
mutiny in the glee club of the
University of California, and
the State institution has on its
hands an organization with
practically no members, while the original
members "possess an organization with no
officially recognized name. The old mem
bers have all withdrawn from the glee
club and refuse to attend rehearsals, but
while the members still maintain an as
sociation they are not permitted to use
the name of the State University.
The trouble started when the university
tried to put the glee club on somewhat of
a business basis after it had accumulated
a deficit of 12200. Part of this "business
basis" consisted of the securing of a reg
ulafimuslcal director, supplanting Clinton
R. Mcrse, who had been the leader of the
glee club for these many years, and the
establishing of a standard of membership
by which musical ability was the- sola
requisite, and not good fellowship or so
cial standing. ¦ ¦ -¦> -
The university assumed the debts of the
glee club and undertook to liquidate them.
The executive committee dispensed with
the services of Morse and asked David
Loring. whose musical ability Is ¦ well
known, to take charge of the club. Mr.
Loring consented, but when he appeared
to assume his duties he found no members
to train. The members simply refused to
attend rehearsals and Mr. Loring quietly
withdrew. ¦ -
When the old members did not set what
they wanted they quietly withdrew and
when the new members were" elected under
the rule laid down by the executive com
mittee they found practically no club to
Join. Tho old members were practically
unanimous In their refusal to abide by the
rule laid "down by the committee They
could not keep the name of the Glee Club
of the University of California without
obeying these rules, and so they have or
ganised what they cnoose to call "The
California Entertainers," and this organi
zation is preparing to flaunt its strength
in the face of the executive committee by
giving an entertainment on Tuesday
night. - ,
Matters have come to such a pass that
the old glee club has appointed Du Ray
Smith; its president, to wait upon the ex
ecutive committee and request the ap
pointment of Clinton R. Morse as leader.
But the old members wanted control of
the membership and they wanted Morse
for director.
Then the executive committee selectPd
William King to take charge of the glee
club, and A. W. Black of San Francfsco
was put In charge of the mandolin and
banjo club.. But still the old members of
the musical clubs of the University of Cil
ifornia; who had warbled from Seattle to
San Diego and had contracted debts In
proportion to the length of thpfr i»-nr i
blings. did not attend. -Mr. King wanted
a musical standard, and not a social one
and the executive committee insisted that
any one who could sing was entitled to
membership.
PRESIDKNT DU RAY SMITH OF THE UNIVERSITY, OF CALIFORNIA
GLEE CLUB AND DIRECTOR C. R. MORSE. OVER WHOM THE'
BATTLE IS BEING WAGED.
JEWISH HOSPITAL FOB
CONSUMPTIVES ORGANIZED
Samuel Grabfelder Elected President
of the New Board of
->/ , Directors. . F
CINCINNATI. Nov. 11.— The trustees of
the National Jewish Hospital for Con
sumptives, which is located at Denver.
met here to-day and perfected permanent
organization. The board was fully repre
sented and there were distinguished visit
ors. Including physicians. By-laws, rules
and regulations were adopted and, the fol
lowing officers were elected:
President, Samuel crabf elder, Louisville:
vice presidents. Sol W. Levy. Cincinnati,
and Louis G. Erstley. Philadelphia: secre
tary, Alfred Mueller, Denver; treasurer,
Ben Althelmer. St. Louis.
The executive committee was fully em
powered to increase the capacity of the
hospital, which means a large extension
of buildings and other Improvements. At
the meeting to-morrow afternon a boara
of managers and other officers will be se
lected. / ? .
Eight Persons Killed.
PARIS, Nov. 11.— Eight persons were
killed and fifteen wounded In a collision
between a suburban train and an express
this morning at Cholsey Lcrol. The sub
urban was entering the station to allow
the express to pass, and the accident oc
curred then, the suburban train being: tel
escoped. The wreck was complete and
the line was blocked for hours.
Steamer Bath Goes Aground.
SEATTLE. Nov. 11.— The steamer Ruth
arrived to-day from northern ports. On
the way down she lost her bearings In
the fog and went aground on a submerg
ed rock off Chatham Point. She wa*
floated with the rising tide, and mada port
iu.Ua tsa worse for her ex?ertesca. .
; "The boys have stood out for the elec
tion of their own members, and in this
fight they have practically won. Accord
ing to their, wishes. I have been directing
them. Next vacation we will go south
under the name of the California Enter
tainers."
"I do not believe there will be any trou
ble," said Graduate Manager Reno Hutch
inson. • "The boys wlllsee reason. We
have assumed their debt and they will be
willing to 8lr.gr under the new director, we
have appointed. The nee club will take
a short trip this year, but unless we are
certain of results will take no long one."
Meanwhile "The California Entertain
ers" are rehearsing for their first enter
tainment, to be given Tuesday evening in
the Berkeley Opera-house. Christmas va
cation they will tour the southern part of
the State under the management of C. R.
Morse. The members of the old glee club
who will appear , Tuesday night under the
new name are as follows: Arthur Nahl,
H. M. Schuster. Walter Brown, Walter
Bakewell. Charles Coleman, Ray Judah,
rni.Ray Smith, George Fish. Charles Ber
ger Walter jfBundscnu. William Childs,
Ralph McCormick. D. McLaren, William
Wagner and Charles Harwood. The man
dolin and banjo clubs and all the clever
vaudeville artists in college will also ap
pear. ,
The Indications are that the executive
committee will demand the right to con
trol the management of the organization
In consideration of having assumed the
debts of the club, and it is likely that the
old members will continue to refuse to
recognize any one except Morse as leader.
• So the sweet bells are jangling out of
tune at the university.' and false notes
have crept into the harmony of the glee
club. There are sharps and flats where
they don't belong, and things are running
very much on ragtime.
Du Ray Smith said to-day:
"It looks now as though the executive
committee would refuse to appoint Morse,
and from the stand taken by the glee club
boys this will practically mean the break
ing up of the club. The organization will
continue, however, under the name of
'The California Entertainers. 1 Mr. King
has not held a rehearsal yet. but I don't
believe any of the fellows will go when
he does. It isn't that the boys have any
particular objection to Mr. King, but they
f-ee no reason for changing from Morse.
Of course, there is a whole lot of right on
both sides. The executive committee has
assumed our debts, amounting to some,
$2000, and we ought to stand by them. On
the other hand, we ought to have a conge
nial crowd and a congenial leader to do
good work."
C. R. Morse, once director of the glee
club but now leader of the California En
tertainers, said: ¦
MUSKOGEE. I. T.. Nov. 11.— Thomas
Owens. District Attorney, shot and fatally
wounded Noah Watts to-day, two bullets
taking effect in the breast. Both are
young men. Owens claims self-defense.
Shot by District Attorney.
HUNTINGTON'. \V. Va., Nov. 11.— Rev.
John Holden. a prominent minister In the
Methodist Episcopal conference of this
district, was probably fatally shot by
Robert Boptick nt Matteawan. There has
b*en trouble between the families for
tome time.
Shoots a Preacher.
"After a pood night Senator Davis
Feemed stronger this morning. He is rath
er more restless this eveninsr. but his tem
perature and pulse are both good. Tem
perature 93 2-5, pulse 100."
ST. PAUL. Nov. 11.— Senator Davis'
medical attendant to-night issued the fol
lowing bulletin:
Bulletin Issued by the Medical At-
tendant Gives Cheering News.
SENATOR DAVIS STRONGER.
HARMONY GIVES WAY TO DISCORD
IN STATE UNIVERSITY GLEE CLUB
Mrs. Fred Raabe, the wife of the Mis
fion politician, is locked up in a cell in the
Insane department at the City Hall. De
tectives Fitzperuld and Graham made
the arrest yesterday on the complaint of
the woman's husband, who has lodged
the charge. Mr?. Raabe when seen In her
cell indignantly denied the charge made
asainst her and in a very rational man
ner detailed the trouble which caused her
husband to Fue out the warrant eharg-inp
her vith insanity. Her statement is that
on Saturday her husband and herself had
pome trouble because of his failure to
properly provide. The commissioners and
one of "the Superior Judges will pass on
The mental condition of Mrs. Raabe to
day.
She Disclaims Being Insane.
Since the back stage was furnished and
arranged to represent in a rough way each
specific indoor scene, two back scenes
representing different Interiors could not
come in succession, since this would give
no opportunity to change the furnishings,
and the Elizabethan audiences had not
learned to wait. Shakespeare waa com
pelled tp insert at least one front scene
whenever two back scenes with different
settings would otherwise come together,
Sometimes these inserted scenes are dra
matically superfluous and ineffective. Act
HI scene*6, of "Richard III"; act III.
scene 5, of "The Merchant of Venice":
act II. scene 1. of "Cymbeline," and act
III scene 8. of Julius Caesar," have been
pointed out by different critics as scenes
of this sort, forced upon Shakespeare by a
stage necessity. The first three of these
scenes are plainly superfluous on the
whole. They do not advance the action
and have little other value. The best one
of the whole four is the death of the poet
Cinna in "Julius Caesar." This is an ef
fective scene in itself considered, but It
does not help the play greatly. The pre
ceding scene In the Roman forum, con
taining Antony's great oration, is a "mass
scene." and probably the whole stage was
employed, both front and back.
I noticed recently that act III, scene 1,
of "Antony and Cleopatra" Is one of those
dramatically superfluous front scenes
Though the passage contains; some strik
ing worldy wisdom. It Is of no service to
the pay In any way. The only reason why
we nave it Is that it gave time in which
to change the back stage, which had Just
represented a scene "on board Pompey's
galley" (act II. ecene 7) into a "room in
Caesar's house" (act III. scene 2).
Alois Brandl believes that the three sep
arate divisions . of the Elizabethan stage
. WAT* sometimes all In use together; «h°t
One who has given special attention to
the matter can realize how important in
the presentation of Shakespeare's plays
was the balcony over the "tiring house.
This third or upper stage with the hinder
wafl of the back stage represented the
walls of many cities and castles— for ex
ample the castle wall from which young
Arthur jumps .to his death in "King
John." This little gallery becomes the
window from which Brabantlo speaks at
the' opening of "Othello," and the window
of Juliet's chamber. From here Christo
pher Sly. changed Into a lord, witnesses
"The Taming of the Shrew." Looking
from this balcony Henry "VIII sees Cran
mer as he waits on the front stage out
side the council chaniber (act V, scene J)
and then is harshly treated within the
council chamber, the back stage. In
"Richard III" Gloucester comes to the
front of the balcony when with consum
mate hvoocrlsv he makes his appearance
"between two Bishops" (III. 7). Upon this
upper stage the play before the King In
"Hamlet" was presented. This upper
stage is the monument where Cleopatra
takes refuge. Antony is lifted up to her
from the floor of the back stage that he
may die in her arms.
The doors which lead from the back
stage into the "tiring house" sometimes
come into the action. For example, they
represent the gates of CoriolL Throush
one of these Caius Marclns enters the city
alone and then fights his way out again
covered with blood, thus inspiring his fol
lowers to capture the city and winning
for himself the proud name Coriolanus.
These same doors are the gates of many
different castles and cities in the plays
which are named from the various Eng
lish Kings.
In the last act of "The Tempest." where
Prospcro "discovers (that is, discloses)
Ferdinand and Miranda playing at chess,"
we are to understand that he draws back
the side curtains, which up to that mo
ment had shut off the back stage, in order
that the King of Naples and hi3 nobles
may behold the lovers.
place. As soon as one scene was complet
ed by the going oft of the characters a
new set of persons could at once enter,
and the audience would imagine any de
sired change of scene, provided only that
the action was still in the open air. Thus
the many short scenes in the first part of
"Coriolanus," In which bands of Roman
and Volscian warriors come before us al
ternately, were presented with a sim
plicity, rapidity and effectiveness that our
stage knows nothing of. Our editors of
Shakespeare are sometimes too anxious
to give an exact location to each of these
front scenes. The audience understood
them to be enacted "in an open place." or
simply "out of doors."
The special use of the back stage was
to represent a room in a palace or prince
ly house. Upon this portion of the stage
use was made of a few appropriate articles
of furniture and other "properties." The
walls were hung with arras, behind which
Falstaff ensconces himself on one occa
sion nnd Polonius on another. In "Romeo
and Juliet" the back stage represents the
great reception hall of Capulet. In act
five it was transformed into the tomb of
the Capulets. Domestic scenes were acted
upon this back stage. Here appeared Lady
Percy. Calphurnia. both Portias and all
the other noble women of Shakespeare,
closing with Imogen, Hermtone and Queen
Katharine.
£100.000. Plays written expressly for th»
modern stage are more cautious in. the
demands that they make.
Undoubtedly sometimes Shakespearo
went too far in breaking up the action of
a drama into separate, scattered scenes,
but in his greatest works all the parts oj
the play should be presented and the cor
rect order of the scenes is a necessary
part of the effect. The order of the sep
arate short scenes in the fifth act of
"Macbeth" is a definite part of the dra
matic effect.
Shakespeare's plays were constructed
for Shakespeare's theater; they are falsi
fied when presented to an audience in an
entirely different manner. This fact has
come to be recognized more and more and
various attempts have been mace to rem
edy the difficulty. A number of Eliza
bethan plays have been presented by th-j
students of Harvard University during
recent years upon a stage especially con
structed in the Elizabethan fashion.
Since 1S95 the Elizabethan Stage Society
of London has presented a number of
Elizabethan plays In the Elizabethan
manner. But the only important attempt
to appeal to the general public by means
of a reformed method of presenting 1 the
plays of Shakespeare has been made in
Munchen. Since 1SS3, except for aa Inter
val of two years, the plays of Shakespeare
have been frequently acted there upon A
specially prepared stage. Only such omis
sions are made in the text as good, tasta
demands. The stage is not a strict imi
tation of the Elizabethan but is said to
resemble it in the more important feat
ures. Only a moderate use is made of
stage furnishings and decorative effects.
The element la kept subordinate. Ther»
are no waits between ;he scenes and only
slight ones between *.he acts. The spe
cially prepared stage employed at Mun
chen is called "die Ghakespepje-Buhne"
the Shakespeare stage. Many lovers of
Shakespeare In Germany are enthusiastic
over this reform. They insist that a whole
play of Shakespeare • makes a very dif
ferent Impression from the selected parts
and tableau effects to which the modern
stage has accustomed us. The Shakes
pearean presentations at Munchen offer
an abunranee of pleasure and instruction
for the students ot the great dramatist.
The peculiar feature In the mechanism
of the Shakespeare-Buhne Is said to be
that one movable back stage can be sec
in order while another is being- used: each
of these back parts can.be moved m be
hind the permanent forward portion of
the stage when it is wanted.
The Important facts are that Shakes
peare's plays are given at Munchen In
full, without -waits, and with only a mod
erate amount of stage iurnl3hin|T. The
accent Is put upon the acting end elocu
tion and not upon the scene painting' and
rich setting. Judging by the reports the
experiment Is a success, popularly, edu
cationally and financially. Would that
America mlsht honor In a similar way
the memory of the great poet!
ALBERT H. TOLiiAif.
University of Chicago. •
Commissary Magnire Suspended.
There is trouble at the City and County
Hospital. The real nature of it is kept
close by those connected with the Insti
tution. An investigation will be held by
the Board of Health at the meeting to
morrow. Late en Saturday night Super
intendent Sussdorf suspended Commissary
James W. Msgriire as a result of soir>t
dispute between them. No reason for this
art has bren given out to the public, but
the impression has cone abroad that the
trouble arises over the milk question. Re
ports have been circulated on the streets
that the milk served to the patients is
diluted.
Clam. Streets.
John Callahan. a teamster, 22 years old.
residing at S6S Clementina street, was ar
rested on Hawthorne street, late last
r^lght. by Policemen Sam Orr and Morri-
Eon because he was acting suspiciously.
When searched at the City Hall four
V.cxes of cigars and several bottles of li
quor m-cre found on him. Callahan admit
ted that he and three other men broke
Into and robbed the grocery store at Fifth
end Clara streets. He refused to give the
names of his accomplice?.
Callahan was booked on a charge of
burglary.
John Callahan Admits Bobbing a
Grocery Store at Fifth and
POLICE CATCH BURGLAR
WITH STOLEN GOODS
Henry Resigns.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 11.-8. J. Henry, well
known throuchout Western railroad cir
cles, has resigned as general freight agent
of the Rio Grande Western. He has been
here four years.
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 11.— Captain
George W. Jenkins died at his home in
this city to-day, aged C8 years. He went
west overland to California with the gold
seekers of 1849. From 1SC0 to 1872 he was
a Mississippi steamboat man. During- the
rlvil war he was a captain under Admiral
Porter, and at the siege of Vicksburg- dis
played conspicuous gallantry.
Big Blaze at New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— Four alarms
were sent in at 2 o'clock this morning for
a fire in the building at 48 'and 50 Walker
street, the ground floor of which Is oc
cupied by D. & B. -I* -'Mayer, importers
and dealers in cotton baiting. The- fire
is in the three upper stories and is now
under control. Loss $75.000.
Captain George W. Jenkins.
To Visit the President.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 11.— Admiral F.
Richard, commanding the French fleet
now in American waters, arrived here to
day from Baltimore for a visit of several
days. Accompanying the admiral are
two members of his staff, CommanderB Z.
E. Guhel and P. K. Bris, and his aid, Y.
Doman. The visitors are staying at the
Shoreham Hotel during their brief so
journ In the city. To-morrow they will
make formal calls on the President and
the Secretary of the Navy.
Attorney General of Porto Rico Tires
of His Office.
ELGIN. II!., Nov. 11.— John A. Russell
of Elgin, who is home on a vacation, ha.;
given in his resignation as attorney gen
eral of Porto Rico on account of personal
business that demands his attention.
YOUNG GIRLS POISONED.
Pupils of an Institution Made 111 by
Bad Cooking.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. II.— Two hun
dred and fifty girls, pupils of the Mo'ney
Institute, a boarding-school patronized ex
clusively by the nobility, were taken sick
with evident symntoms of poison after
dinner Friday evening. It is reported that
two have died but that the others have
recovered. The poisoning !s attributed to
faulty metallic cooking utensils. „
• L
TENDERS HIS RESIGNATION.
Governor-Elect of Illinois En Route
to This State.
JACKSONVILLE. 111.. Nov. 11.—Gov
ernor-elect Yates left to-night for Chi
cago, accompanied by his wife and a party
of friends, en route to California for much
needed rest and relaxation. He will re
turn here about the 1st of December, to
remain until the first of the year, when
he will take up official residence in the
executive mansion in Springfield.
TO VISIT CALIFORNIA.
and No Cause Is Known for
His Deed.
ORLANDO, Fla., Nov. 11.— Deputy
Sheriff Whidden has been called to Lake
Howell to Investigate the mysterious sui
cide of George A. Hume, a wealthy or
ange grower of that settlement. Hume
left his home on Friday morning in his
usual health and spirits for his orange
grove to look after the harvesting of his
fruit. , He did not return to the house at
noon or at night. A searching party re
vealed his hat and vest on the ground
near the lake, just where a neighbor
ke< r-s his • rowboat. The boat, with the
oars inside, was found at another part of
the lake with every Indication of having
orifted there. In Hume's vest pocket was
found a note, hastily written with a pen
cil, to his wife, telling her where she
would find some legal papers, and giving
information about some business matters.
It closed by saying that all he had he left
to her. l T p to to-night diligent search of
the lake failed to find the body.
Left Home in Good Health and Spirits
MYSTERIOUS SUICIDE OF
WEALTHY FBUTT-GROWEB
can Congress.
MADRID. Nov. 1L— The secret sessions
of the Spanish-American Congress will
begin to-morrow. They will be devoted
to a study of various propositions for the
development of the commercial relations
between Spain and Latin-America.
The press to-day warmly welcomes the
delegates in language which is circum
spect, showing no hostility toward the
United States, but upholding the neces
sity of the unity of the Latin family in
America.
At yesterday's session of the congress
Senor Sierra, the delegate from Mexico,
emphatically disclaimed the idea that
there was Incompatibility between the
present congress and the one that would
be helu in Mexico in October of next year
for the purpose of discussing customs du
ties among all the American nations. He
expressed the hope that the two con
gresses would result in benefit not only
to all the rations in the Western Hem
isphere, but to all humanity as well, add
ing- that universal blessings would .follow
if compulsory arbitration for differences
between nations should result.
Madrid Papers Warmly Wslcome
Delegates to Spanish-Ameri-
MANIFEST NO HOSTILITY
TOWARD THE UNITED STATES
AN excellent programme, excel
lently rendered, was that given
last evening by the Royal Ma
rine Band of Italy at the Cali
fornia Thenter to only a fairly
large but wildly enthusiastic audience.
We have heard much of this famous or
ganization and of Its work here and there
in the great cities, but Its performance
certainly surpasses even the most hope
ful expectations. The personnel of the
band is unique and peculiar to those ac
customed to the make-up of the American
brass band. There is not a single cornet.
There are twelve or sixteen clarionets,
and the rest of the instruments are most
ly trumpets and horns. But the tone
produced is most beautiful. The reed
winds have almost the supple and pene
trating quality of violins, and the brass
is mellowness itself, round, flexible, deli
cate and of wonderful climax. The tone
color has been carefully considered; the
shading, attack, phrasing and rhythm are
all excellent, and the movements go with
delightful swine and vim.
There are fifty-five members In the
band and among them twenty soloists. Of
these latter appeared last evening Slgnor
Setaro, harpist; Slgnor Tavani, trumpet;
Dl Girolamo, trumpet; Creatore, trom
bone, and De Titta, barytone horn.
Signor Setaro is undoubtedly one of the
best harpists whom we have had out
here. He has an extraordinary technique
and gives the— unfortunately— somewhat
meretricious compositions which form the
bulk of the literature of the harp with
facile grace.
The trombone player. Slgnor Creatore,
is another line artist, with a, rare sym
pathy of execution, beautiful tone and
thorough command of all the resources
of his Instrument. He plays on the old
fashioned key trombone— there is not a
slide trombone in the band— and in his
work approaches marvelously near the
human voice. Tavani was accorded an
enthusiastic encore for his rendering of
the "Inflammatus," and Slgnor Giannini.
tenor of the troupe, gave much pleasure
with his chosen selection. Di Girolamo
took effective part with Creators and De
Titta in the fourth act of "Travlata,"
and the latter number pleased almost
more In this arrangement than with its
original vocal and scenic accessories. An
act of "Gioconda" was also given, and
some good compositions by Slgnor Mino
llti. the distinguished leader of the band.
An entirely new programme will t be
given this evening. The band is booked
for a two weeks' stay at the California.
• • » ¦
At the Columbia Theater to-night Frank
to the Congressman Expressing
Pleasure at His Re-
Election.
»
Oakland Ofllce San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Nov. 11.
The success of Victor H. Melcalf in se
curing his return to Congress from this
district has been the cause of several
highly complimentary and congratulatory
telegrams from all sections of the coun
| try. Mr. Metcalf made many friends In
' Washington during his first term and
they were most anxious for his return.
j Speaker Henderson of the House of Rep
resentatives was particularly anxious that
Mr. Metcalf be returned, and It is very
unusual for the Speaker of the House to
take so great an interest in the return
of a member of the House not from his
own State. Mr. Henderson expressed his
| anxiety that Mr. Metcalf be returned to
I Congress, even before the primaries, and
j he has sent the following dispatch of con-
I gratulatlon: j
PUBrQI'E, Iowa. Nor. 7.— Hon. Victor H. '
Metcalf, M. C. Oakland. Cal.: I am Rlad j
that I am related to California and that you t
will do service to your constituents ant coun- .
try ir. the Fifty-seventh ConKreFJ. We hava >
about forty majority in the House. j
D. B. HENDERSON.
Frank Freeman, who was defeated by
Mr. Metcalf, was the very first to con
gratulate the last named upon his elec
tion, which he did In the following very
graceful dispatch received the morning
j after the election:
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. ".— Hon Victor
H. Mftealf. Oakland. Cal.: Best wishes and
n.cve to make It unanimous.
FRANK FREEMAN.
H. II. Hanna, the chairman of the ex
ecutive committee of the great Indianapo
lis Monetary Convention, who was anx- J
ious to secure the election of a sound
money Congress, telegraphed as follows: J
INDIANATOLIP. Ind.. Nov. 9.— Thanks for
your telegram. I rejoice with you. Isn't it
splendid? H. H. HANNA. ¦
SENDS METCULF
CONGRATULATIONS
Frank Freeman's Graceful
Acknowledgment of
His Defeat.
? —
Speaker D. B. Henderson Telegraphs
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Nov. 1L
The people In the neighborhood of 117
Fan Pablo avenue witnessed the rcmark
*.Me Fiprht of a paralyzed man on a drunk
In a wheel chair, chasing his wife and
nephew out of the house at the point of
a pistol. The man was AdoJph Heine,
who keeps a small bakery at that num
ber, and who has been arrested a number
of times in the past for peddling lottery
tickets In violation cf the law.
Heine is a familiar character on the
Streets of Oakland. »He has entirely lost
the use of his lower limbs, and has an
old-fashioned wheel chair, operated by
hand, in which he makes his way about
the city. When the lottery business was
brisk In Oakland Heine did a. thriving
trade in the forbidden tickets, but of
late years he has been forced, partly bv
the police and partly by a falling off in
the demand for lottery tickets, to aban
don that business and turn his attention
to selling doughnuts to the denizens of
6an Pablo avenue.
This afternoon Heine Imbibed too free
ly. He had been making a trip about
town and his wheel chair was apparently
jio bar to his entering saloone, for he ar
rived home In a decidedly intoxicated
condition. He made his way Into his
house and entered Into an altercation
with his wife.
Heine drew a revolver, which he always
carries with, him and threatened to shoot
Mrs. Heine, who Immediately sought
eafety on the sidewalk. Then the nephew,
¦who was at home. Incurred the intoxi
cated cripple's displeasure and the re
volver wss turned in his direction, where
upon he lied to the back yard.
Then Heine retired Indoors and took a
couple cf shots out of the door to em
phasise the fact that he was around. The
polic* Trere called and Detectives Kyte
a^id Hammerton relieved Heine of his re
volver, but made no arrest, because the
wife and nephew would not prosecute.
Paralyzed Below the Hips, He Tours
the Town in a Wheel-Chair,
Drinking, and Then
Takes Warpatn.
Adolph Heine Chases /Wife
and Nephew Out/ of
House With Pistol.
CRIPPLE CREATES
BIG SENSATION
three different groups of »-ersona could In
some measure claim the attention of tha
audience at the same time. He shows
good reason for thinking that act IV.
scenes 4 and 5. of "Romeo and Juliet"
were thus presented. I quote his words:
In tfc» reception hall— that Is. upon the bark
rtage — Lady Capulet and the nurse are busily
engaged In preparing th* meal for the we<M!ns:
fU's:=: servants with foot}, firewood and ba-«
ketn are hurrying to an>1 from the kitchen: th»
nurw is sent up Into Juliet's chamber in nrd-r
to waken the prospective br'.Je. Above In the
bclcony we see hep draw back th* window rxir
toin. but she cannot arouse the sleeper — below
the clatter of preparation continues — the nur?<>
becomes anxious and calls for help. Lady Capu
l'.-t climbs the stair and behol.is the sad <«p< c- >
tacle: Capulet appears; both lament over th<»
body of their daughter. In the meantime mu
sicians have drawn near upen the front .»t.is-;
Paris will carry away his brtde with cheery
piping; thus the festive tumult ever Increases
en the floor of the sta«f», as does the noise of
lamentation above in the chamber; and both
pf them are both seen and heard by the specta
tor, until at last the words of Capulet spoken
to Paris from the window put an end to th ! -»
shocking contrast. In the modern theater, with
all Its elaborate apparatus and decorations,
half of the effect of such scenes is lost.
A modern manager puts a Shakes
pearean play on the stage ¦with a va-t
display of elaborate scenery and gorgeous
costumes. Long waits between the scene-*
and acts make it necessary to mutitato
the play In various waya. Scenes are com
bined that Shakespea^f kept apart. th<>
order of the parts of the play is free'.v
departed from and many passage* anil
whole scenes are omitted altogether. In
this way many touches of preparation .
retrospect, transition and characteriza
tion are simply dropped, 'me result may
be magnificent, but m many ¦ways It I*
not Shakespeare. Moreover, the expent-e
of the elaborate setting Is so oppressive
that managers are loth to produoa
Shakespeare at all. Sir Henry Irving re
cently announced that his losses oi»
Shakespearean productions amounted to
Before 1SSS cur knowledge of the interior
arrangement of an English theater during
the lifetime of Shakespeare was very
vague. In that year a German scholar
named Ga»dertz published a facsimile of a
pen and Ink drawing of the interior' of
the famous Swan Theater. This drawing
was made by a Dutchman named John de
Witt, who was visiting In London, and It
Is thought to belong to about the year
1596. The Swan Theater was built about
1593 on the Bankside, the sjouth side of the
Thames. When new it was the finest of
the London theaters.
It will be seen that the theater Is either
oval or circular in shape; that the body
of the house and the front of the stage are
open to the sky; and that the back of the
stage and the thret galleries, which rise
one above another on the outside of the
theater, are roofed over. These galleries
are divided into private boxes. The spec
tators In the pit or yard in front of the
stage stood while witnessing the perform
ance.
A roof covers the hinder part of the
stage. Perched up on top of this roof is
a small tower room, -which Is the loftiest
portion of the entire theater. In the draw
ing of De Witt a flag having on It the lig
ure of a "swan" Is Hying from this tower,
and a trumpeter is sounding a blast in
order to announce that a play Is about to
begin.
1 here la no curtain before the front
stage. Every character In a front scene
must enter and go off before our eyes. If
any had been slain they must be carried
off. When Falataff bears away on his
tack the dead Hotspur. In order to boast
of having killed him. in "I Henry IV."
Shakespeare skillfully brings into the sub
stance of his play the necessary clearing
of the stage.
The front stage usually had little or no
scenery. It could represent any open
ITALIAN BAND DISCOURSES MUSIC
THAT SURPASSES EXPECTATIONS
THE SAj* FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1900.
THREE OF THE LEADING PLAYERS IN FRANK DANIELS' LATEST COMIC OPERA HIT. "THE AMEER,"
WHICH OPENS AT THE COLUMBIA THEATER TO-NIGHT. THIS PIECE IS SAID TO HAVE MADE A
GREAT HIT. BOTH MUSICALLY AND SCENICALLY.
THE SWAN THEATER. WHICH WAS THE FINEST IN LONDON' IN
THE DAYS OF SHAKESPEARE. IT WAS BUILT IN 1533 ON THE
SOUTH SIDE OF THE THAMES.
* •
IX.
7
i
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE
INFLUENCE OF THE ELIZABETHAN STAGE
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
GHAPE-NUTS.
a trial dleh for breakfast will be found
*. pleasant experience.
for rebuilding the brain. It is a well-
known fact among physicians that cx-
cminatlon of perspiration and urine will
tell whether the individual has been act-
ively using the brain or not.
Brain work exhausts the phosphates
which appear in the excreta above men-
tioned. Administration of inorganic
phef phorus or phosphates docs not read-
ily supply the waste, for nature de-
mands that the phosphates be made up
r.n<3 blended in the food which she fur-
nishes. Advantage has been taken of
tl.'s knowledge and a scientific selection
« f part of the grain has been made, and
these have been put through mechanical
processes parallel to the processes
through which food is passed In Its man-
agement by the human digestive organs.
Therefore, the new food is not only
ready to serve without cooking, but it
has parsed through the process where
the starches have been changed to grape-
Fupar, and that with the protfld?, or-
ganic phosphates, etc.. are at once ready
to be quickly absorbed and turned to
use in vitalizing and nourishing the parts
of the body like brain, solar plexus, and
tfce delicate nerve centers.
The new food has been given the name
of Grape-Nuts, and far from being a
"Crank's Food," "Invalid's Food." or
cnythlng of that sort., it is a crisp, sweet
novelty, charming to the athlete, train
worker, epicure or invalid.
Grape-Nuts can be had of grocers, and
Tood Specialist Brings Out a Novelty.
A food expert at Battle Creek. Mich.,
has produced a food especially Intended
WORKING ON BRAINS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1900.
8
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
RELIABLE young man desires a position of
any kind; best reference. Address R. J., 674
Fourth st. ... ¦' ¦- ;
FIRST-CLASS baker, German, wants steady
work. Box 204,- Call offlce. -,
SCANDINAVIAN wishes situation where a
good, steady, reliable man Is needed; ex-
perienced horseman, gardener and good milk-
er; willing to -make himself useful in any
capacity: good references. Address box 15_
Call offlce. ________________
MAN of , ability and good address desires a
position 'as driver or delivery salesman on
route, Oakland and vicinity, for wholesale
house or manufacturer; ref. given. Addresa
L. B.. box 15 Dlmond. Alameda County, Cal.
ELDERLY man seeks employment of any kind;
willing to do chores or work about house in
city or country: speaks French and German;
good penman. Box 138, Call offlce. ._
FIRST-CLASS gardener i with all experiences
in every branch of gardening; single; very
hrndy In flrst-class private places; best ref-
erences. Bex 92, Call office^
SITUATION wanted by a practical engineer of
15 years' experience; understands the dyn-
amo; no objection to the country; good refer-
ences. Box 196, Call offlce.
.SITUATION wanted— Young man understand-
ing bookkeeping and cashiering thoroughly
desires poritlon with good house. Address
B. H.. box 129, Call.
JAPANESE wants situation to wash dishes
and help with kitchen work; hotel or board-
lug-house: understands well. 604 Twelfth st.,
East Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a pattern maker; Is
first-class machinist and engineer and mill-
wright. 547 Howard st.
YOUNG man 33. temperate, reliable, educated,
experienced, wants position as office man,
clcrk'or salesman. Box 1«9. Call office.
YOUNG attorney, experienced In ofllce work
an.l briefing, would like position. Box 168,
Call office.
TOCXG Englishman wa'nts situation on gents'
place; best of references if required. Box
lTo. Call. ,
FIRST-CLASS house, floor and window cleaner
wants work by the day or week; lowest rates.
715 Howard st.
WANTED— Place as fireman. light woik; 11
years' experience as fireman and engineer.
Address M. R., 1096 Valencia st.
GENTLEMAN wants any kind of position
where his knowledge of languages would be
appreciated: $10 a week. Box 132. Call
TWO steady, sober young men want situations j
as firemen in city or country; references fur- i
nished. Address box 81, Call offlce. |
$300,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver.
t-ealsk!ns<. pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
MAN handy with carpenters' tools wants em- •
ployment; good references. Box 193, Call. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and'
Fubsciiptlons has been established at MW6
Valencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justcd. N. .Manassp. oculist optician. 91" Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
IwThouseS and flats for renTTlo^_ayTTre?.
1615 Devisadero;f. 6 r$2C illVfe Minna; f. 6 r 16 50 i
140S Pacific; f. 5 r... 20 23 Tilden: f. 5 r 15 '
370 Fell; h. 7 r 23 603 Stev'son; h. 5 r 17 50 i
S31 F.ddy; f. 4 r 20 1C20 Oak; c. 6 r $15 '
Flats wanted. SPECK & CO., C67 Market st. j
A— S-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417V4 Third.
BRANNAN, 422. near 3d— Nice sunny flat of I
rooms; rent $9; water, yard, cellar free.
AT $6— Nice, clean flat; 3 large rooms; rear.
Inquire 1111A Jones, near California.
FINE modern nat, 7 room? and bath. 625 Golden I
Gete ave.. bet. Van Ness ave. and Franklin. I
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat. 4 rooms, with bath; rent $13. 45^4
Hermann st., near Valencia, r
HONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000. at UNCLE HARKIS',
15 Grant ave.
SACRAMENTO, 1365—3 sunny rooms; bay-win-
dow flat, with gas, $12 50: water free.
SANSOME—, 712— Sunny flat, J16. 804 Sansome— ;
Nice store, $10. - .. •
VALENCIA. 446%— Upper flat of three sunny
m rooms;. rent >8; -key at 444 Valencia,
J7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor si., off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Brvant.
$10— SUNNY flat, 4 rooms. 31 Alvarado st., nr. .
T\verity-3econd and Guerrero. !
1 I
FUttXITCRE FOR SALE. j
4 ROOMS -"umlshed in oak for $4S 50,"~wUh'NoT t
7 ran_.-. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket tt.: teleDhone South 637. '
FURNlTUnE AVANTED..
CHAS. LEVY buys > your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPEKT. 773 Mission St., pays highest i
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354. j
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel Hoik 6al.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353. j
HELP AVANTEO FE_1AL_3/ !
C. n. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5 I
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. I
Head waitress, $25; 5 waitresses, different !
country hotels. $20; 3 waitresses, best city!
hotels, $20; 2 chambermaids, city, $18; 3 cham- I
bermalds, to wait, $20; woman cook, $30;
short order cook, night work, $27. and many
others. |
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. 1
Nurse for Invalid lady, nice home, 120; nice
home for house girl In small American fam- I
ily, Oakland. $25; house girl who can speak
French for family in Southern California. J25 i
and fare advanced; chambermaid and laun- |
dress, private family, $25; working house- i
keeper, country, and numerous other places i
for houseglrls, second slrls, nurse girls, j
among which are five very choice places for !
house girls In small families in the city.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st. !
RESTAURANT waitress, $6 per week; girl for !
for cleaning, Institution, $20; restaurant cook, j
$30; boarding house cook. $33; 20 housework I
Kirls, $20, $25 and $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 !
Sutter st. :
FIRST-CLASS operators wanted on coats; '
steady work and good pay; work Inside. Ad- I
ply at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S. 27 Geary st., j
second floor. j
RELIABLE girl; good cook; general house-'
work; small family; $20; references. 3922 Sac-
ramento st., between 9 and 1 o'clock.
FINISHERS on custom coats; steady work;
good pay. 304 Tehama st,
FIRST-CLASS finisher at once on ladies' tailor
suits. S. KRAMER. 220 Powell st.
WANTED — Finishers on custom coats and but-
tonholes. 127 Rues st.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats. Room
90. St. Anne building. 6 Eddy st.
YOUNG girl to wait at table. 136 Second st.
NRAT girl to learn dressmaking; paid while
learning. Spring Valley building, room 129.
GIRL wanted for housework. 1S34 Sutter St.
"WANTED— A girl to assist in light housework;
no children; small family. $16 Fell st.
WANTED — An apprentice with experience on
custom coats; paid while learning. 214 Seventh.
A LADY cook wanted for bakery and coffeo
parlor. 127 Fifth st.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and general house-
work; good wages. Call at 2174 Post Bt.
GIRL to assist in housework for family of
two. 1740 Ellis at. i
V/AIST and skirt hands for dressmaking. 121
Post st.. room 49.
WANTED- "Waitresses. Hotel Repeller, 781
Sutter Bt.
GOOD hands on vests; also apprentice of expe-
rlence. 64 IK Stevenson st.
WANTED— Elderly German Catholic womaa
for housework ; $15 month. 782 Fulton st.
YOUNG girl to assist in general housework. ¦ 73«
Union st.
AJST elderly lady to take care of two children.
Call at 128 Ninth St. ¦ :
WANTED— Neat young girl; light housework;
small family; references. 2617 Pine Bt.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. 631 Clay st.
bORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted on pants;
steady work. 935 Market St.. room 10..,. .
YOUNG lady penman for offlce work; small
pay. Box 184, Call office..
WOMAN as working housekeeper. Call at 713>_
Treat ave. ¦;
WANTED— Flrst-class waist trimmer. Apply
at 1200 Geary st.aafter 7 p. m.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
¦ at 2907 Folsom st. .
WANTED— Flrst-class operators on white, wear.
California Underwear Co... 1033 Market st.
GIRL to learn," laundry work. EC Nicholas
Laundry Seventeenth, aad Folsom sts.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 29 Bteuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. 8. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 7<1A Howard s_
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Flllmore st.
HEM OKRHO1DS.
PILES — 300 cures business men in San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation: no pain: par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 19jO. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harnese. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FEED Manhattan food: keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folsom St.. S.F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMKSEN <_ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
UNION, 21S4, near Fillmore— Six rooms and
bath; rent $20.
WILLOW ave., 729. between Buchanan and
Webster— House 4 rooms: yard; water free; $8.
TO let — House of 6 rooms and bath. 821Vi Do-
lores et., between Twenty-first and Twenty-
second; rent $17; inquire on premises.
$15—8 ROOMS and bath; newly papered. 23 De
Boom St.. off Second, near Brannan.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNC^IcTe^erUln^entrPythian CastleTTM
Market St.. Tuesday evening. Nov. 13. by
PROF. RAYMOND.
INVALID CIIAIRS AND TRICYCLES
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOFT WANTED.
LARGE, light, strong loft, near Market st;
long lease: for manufacturing. Address box
134. Call offlce.
LOST AND FOUND.
THE man who picked up a watch on Folsom
st., bet. Russ and Moss. Sunday afternoon
will please return It to 1042H Folsom. as h«
Is known.
LOST— Tuesday, a cocker spaniel, with whits
spot on face and feet tipped with white; Ub-
eral reward. DR. DAVIS. 942 Sutter st.
LOST — A pair of glasses in or near Mission Ma-
sonic Temple: suitable reward. 826 Capp st.
LOST— Dark-brown horse, with harness, from
Delmonti Dairy; reward. £230 Mission st.
LOST— Child's pearl and turquoise heart; suit-
able reward. 2901 California sti
LOST— 3S-caliber hammerless S. & W. revolver;
a token. Return to 40 Geary st. ; reward.
LOST— A passbook with "the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JANE EVANS, No. 213-742. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Gordon setter, white on ears and tail;
P. McKlnnon on collar. Reward at MRS. S.
INGERMAN'S, cor. Union and Buchanan st*.
LOST— November 6, sleeve button with Ma-
sonic emblem. Reward at 719 Market st.
$100,000 TO loan on watches, diamonds, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MEDICAL.
DR AND MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market-Ladles'
specialists; 33 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use it with satisfaction; perfect-
; ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1013 Mar-
ket, opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all other3 fail call on him.
i ;
I DRS. GOODWIN. 1007V4 Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in &. F. , a
cure' guaranteed; $5 at offlce; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; ste free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.*
: practice; guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5;
any 'ailment; home for patients: consult free.
942 Post »t.. bet. Hyde and L_rkln.
NG TOT KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ted: send for testimonials; advice free. Sanl-
¦ tarlum. -704 Sacramento st.. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladies' gpe-
dallst: safe and sure cure. $3: best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
! MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth-Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment. $5; positive curs guaranteed.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist for
37 years; can be sent. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. GWTER. ladles' bpeclallst; home
for patients. 610 Eddy st.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pngeg. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
-IISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Sd-hand machinery. Mo-
INTO-H A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready mad»;
we can ship everything in 21 hours. J.
NOON AN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st.
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 628 and 630 Clay St., near Kearny, has
Just started; storekeepers can be supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
orders by mall attended to.
A— 3-STONE diamond ring for $175: cost origin-
ally $250. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A VERY fine 12-bore hammerless B. L. shotgun
for $23; cost originally $60. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
BUT a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $5
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. iO9 California
st. : rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
j COPT • of newspaper over 100 years old, con-
taining funeral notice of George WashlngtdrL
Address J. SIGMUND. Gen Del., City.
A SMITH-PREMIER typewriter, second-hand:
send for price. L.. & M. ALEXANDER. 110
Montgomery st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear »_
TO PRINTERS— Two revolution four-roller Cot-
trell & Babcock press; print sheet 32x44. Box
1SS, Call office.
S-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine.
$150: can be seen running at 623 Golden
Gate ave. t . ; . !
BILLIARD table, balls, cum and rack, cora-
plete; dirt cheap. BEX J. CDRTAZ & SON
16 O'Farrell st. t^ >
i50— SHOE shop: $35— Mahogany National ca_h
rsgleter. 41S Larkln st.
FINE *ult. JIO; dress pants. $1 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A-$3 60 DERBT and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A-100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
COMPLETE set drawing instruments, squares.
triangles, board, etc.. cheap. 865 Mkt., rm _.
L. SPARBER & SON removed 634 Mission st •
pay highest price for tools and machinery. '
GASOLINE engine; second-hand: all sizes-
cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL. S8 Bluxome st.'
and bur * Ur
p ?-_-Sjg_. l^__S_g_^^ lKW « 5^^
KIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfy. Co
200-LIOHT dynamo, engine and boiler, oom-
Plete: cheap. H. 8. WHITE. Bl« Mission it.
w -g& sgyg 3sa_5 _a_«5gars __gg
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns. . new , and Jd hand: raovinr
pictures. BCLLARD A BRECK. 131 Post it.
S -£TF S^£" ew and ""cond hand: all sixes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, is pages, sent to any address In the
United States cr Cansda one year for $1.
MISCEL-ANEOUS WANTS.
LAOpS' and gents'caat-off clothing bought &
sold. Silvennan. 934 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 141.
A ~ C .f X>THINO « l «» lsk ' M ' Jewelry, etc.. bought;
will call. L. Bros., 25 Stktn: phone Black 1201.
WANTED — Upright ttfano for cash. JL L.
.WHITEHEAD. X710 Market ¦£. .
\ MONEY TO JLOA-T.
r^T amount on tvLTnltnr^Tl^o^T^^^
noval, or any other goo- security, payable
b_k n installments cr as a whole. If you
ow a balance on the purchase price we will
P-? u _nd carry the loan "Ions as you de-
¦Ui- avoid red tap* and publicity, see us
fluS; : you will be waited upon q £let£ sna
qui._ly. Call 68-«D Ponohoe bldg.. 11.0 Markc
AA— IEST rates and easiest terms.
; Second Mortgages
Interests in Estates
Undivided Interests in Real Estate «,
Financial problems of all sorts and staes
solved by HERMAN MURrHY. 630 Market,
A-MONtY to loan at rates which people caa
afford o pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not Dor _w of your friends or you will loso
their fr«ndship; do business with, strangers
and you will be better satisfied ; no delay ; no
publldtyA Rooms 9 and 10, 90S Market at.
ANY amour* at 8 per cent; l_t, 2d and 3d mort-
gages. uni*ivlded interest, real estate la pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no da-
lay: get m» terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposit.cn, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life lnsura nee. Itoom 18. nrst floor.
Chronicle bulUlng. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place tj obtaia
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry StoVe. 845 Market
St.: tal. Main U44. Branch 19 Third st.
A— {500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAU 10 Si_t_;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount by private party on furniture an!
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential
BONELLI. 201 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
LOANS. 1st or 2d rr.tgs; city, country: 6%;undl-
vi_ed Inta: estates. HARPER.J37 Parrott bd_.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 355 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal noto.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Calif oraia.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for buildtng:
low rate. Home Bldg Co.. 222 Sansome St.. r.».
MONEY to loan on furniture by private- party;
low rate. 917 Market St., room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; eonS-
dentl-l; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In*
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
HUS-GAIi INSTRUMENTS.
CALL and see our stock of new Decker & Sea
pianos, in all the latest styles of walnut and
mahogany cases. They are beauties and hav«
the loveliest tone and most perfect touch ot
any make. Cash or payments at MAITVA-S".
769 Market at.
NOW is the time to secure a flna Packard or-
gan for the Christmas services in your church
or Sunday school. Low prices and eaey terc is
at MAUVAIS', 763 Market St.
NO matter how cheap you want to buy or how
small payments you want to make, you may
lc«e money by not calling on us before clos-
ing a bargain. We sell all kinds of musical
goods cheap, for cash or on paymant— . MAU-
VAIS Music Co.. 769. Market st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy* s
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to tha
public for the past three years. A largo size,
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$350. 54 cash and $6 per month.' This is not _
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY, Sole Azent
Sohmer & Co., Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Spell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 3C8. 310. 312 Post.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed:
the best makers of every trade to select from ;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. $¦". per month;
pome good pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEIN WAT
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sta..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
BARGAINS — Prices this week as an ad:
Bluthner grand, cost $1000. for $37S
Schuman upright, cost $300. for y*J
Sherman & Clay, cost $273. for t>3
Stelnway upright, cost $473. for 1_S
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
ABSOLUTELY the. oldest and largest hous9
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S, 26.
28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to pleasa and satisfy tb»
customer.
SPECIAL snaps In a few slightly used pianos.
See us. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell St.: Chlckerlng agency and everything
pertaining to music; nymphonlon mustc boxes.
SALE of high-srraiJe pt_hos at factory prices
this week. THE DEWING CO.. Flood bldg.
NEUMAN upright. $73: Sherwood, $S3: Peek.
$100; other bargains. BHl'ESN. 208 Post st.
GENTLEMAN going East must sacriflce ele-
gant upright grand piano; 3 pedals. 332 Turk.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano; sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. 907 McAllister st.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st., 4 elegant up-
rlsrhts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN: must be sold: nice upright piano.
BCHM1TZ. 18 McAllister St.. next Hip. Bank.
, HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
o-er _¦ others. W. B. ALLEN A CO..SU Post.
OFFICES ASP STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKEL8 building. 937 Market St.—
Light sunny offices. 113 to {20 per montX wit_
light, heat. Janitor and use of phone.
LARGE sunny store: 2 living rooms. BW. cor.
Natoma and Rusa sts.; rent cheap.
STORE— 2 rooms: $15; corner store. U7. J2&.
325 Bryant, opposite new factory.
LARGE elegant store and ba aemant. 993 Va-
lencia st.. near Zlst: business center.
Oil. LANDS FOR SALE.
PROVEN oil lands in the Kern Hirer field fof
sale; no stock proposition; no wildcat scheme f
this Is sure territory in the largest and best
known field In California. If you want to form
a company buy good land on the line of tha
railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN & SOMES. 3.
C. MASON, agent. 11 Montgomery st.
Oil*.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. »3O Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS* Ot_ EXCHANGS.
Country correspondence solicited.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 511
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Poet: tel. Black 351.
MME. NEEROAARD, 700 Post; teL Hy.s XXJ"
hour* 1 In t >r».. and Sn-'inT hr a ji-n' -•"»•__.
PATENTS AM> PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
¦ CEO. D. CAMPBELU Lawyer. Exarnin»r b;>.
PERSONALS.
MASSAGE and electrolysl-^Ladies' faclaTbodT
and scalp massage by a London diploma
masseuse and trained nurse; trial facial treat-
ment this week only 50c. Parlors 502 Taylor
St.. corner Geary.
MY wife left my bed and board; will not b*
responsible for any debts since November 7.
JOHN G. FE-.L.
MJ wife. HENRIETTA SCIIWARZ. havii::;
left my board and bed. I will not be re-
spon3lble for any debts contracted by her ••i
and after November 3, 1300. IIUBER:
SCHWARZ.
LEDERER. the hair dresser; all the very new.
est opera hair styles, only 25c: switches. II
up: hair ornaments a specialty. 123 Stockton.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South TaJ:
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty : fine u?-
holitery. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 11th at.
ELECTRIC lights In every rocm— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third ft., near Market: 700 room*:
Z5c to $1 SO per night; $1 &0 to $6 per «?«_:
free 'bus and baggage to and from th» ferry.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous a~i
other diseases, specialist in head trouble •-<
rheumatism: pamphlet sent free. 84S KeAlUsta
A VERY successful public speaker would in-
struct one or two young clersymen or law-
yem In his art. Box 142. Call offlce.
AN* experienced detective solicits work: mining
cases a specialty; best of references given.
Addr«s3 Detective. S. F. P. O.
CONSTIPATION cured by using the Dilator o«
Blood Circulator: self-treatment; no drugs o»
medicine; price $3. 932 Geary; consult free.
SUITS to order on installments; $15 upward; II
a week. LEON LRMOS. 1111 Market »tj be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER' 3 Qulntonlca hair tonic; beantlfies
saves from falling out; try If. Ste bottle.
j BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamond*
I ji_lctl_«s; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Ora-i _y.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
TSTTEINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. #
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street.
comer Clay; ot>«n until S:30 p. m.
£30 Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C3» McAllister etreet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
tlS Larkln etreet; open trail 9:50 p. m.
19<1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
S2€l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
l-*O 9 r. m.
J06 Eleventh _treet; open until 9 p. m.
1C56 Valencia etreet; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
t-rtty ctreetg; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. IS, «.
__ T. Golden Gate building, £25 Sutter «^»*
et.— Special assembly THIS EVENING. j~J
at S o'clock. The order of the Tcm- w|>
pie will be conferred. All fraters art V
courtfcoutly invited.
ROBERT McMILLAN, Em. Com.
Vm. T. FONDA. Recorder.
liCCIPENTAi. Lodge No. 22. F. and A. /_
M.-TH1S (MONDAY) EVENING, at lg\^
7:S0 o'clock. Flrrt Degree. By order 7%_#\
cf the W. M. /Vi
WALTER Q. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 137. F. and A. O
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) A.
EVENING. Nfv<-r_bcr 12, }^>. at 7:30 X_if
o'clock. Degree L By order of the W. /^r »
M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
K1XO SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 2C0. F. m
ar.d A. M.. FYanklin Hall. Fillmore St.. _J\_
between Hus v , and Sutter— First de- j_J2f
eree THIS EVENING at 7:30. /V>
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE j
6AN FRANCISCO DRY DOCK COMPANY is i
hereby eiven that, in pursuance of a resolu-
tion of the Board of Directors of raid com- ¦
pany, unanimously adapted at a meeting of i
eald board, held at the cfSce of the com- !
pany. in the city and ccuaty of San Francisco, j
State of C_li:ornia. on the 25th day of Octo- |
ber. 1S00. a meeting of the stockholders of the
Ban Fr-nclRco Dry Dock Company will be j
held at the office of the company, number 302 ;
California street, San Francisco, California J
<the earr.e being the principal place of bust- •
Beef of «=aid contra tlon and the building '
trfcrre the Board of Directors usually meet), j
on Tuesday, the Eth day of January, 1901, at i
tfce hour of 10 o'clock a. m., for' the purpose I
ef considering and acting upon the proposi- j
tion to create a bonded indebtedness of said |
corporation to the -amount in the aggregate of j
five hundred thousand <$500,00C) dollars, j
United States gold coin, for the purpose of |
raifir.g funds to be used in building and j
equipping a new drydeck, and for other lepitl- i
mate and necessary purposes of the corpora- j
tlon. euch bonded indebtedness to be secured I
ry a mortgage or deed of trust upon all the I
property now owned by said corporation, or
which It may hereafter acquire.
By crder of the Board of Directors.
W. F. RUSSELL.
Eecretary of San Francisco Dry Dock Corn-
pa r.y.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Honolulu Planta-
tion Company will be held at the offlce of
the coir.iary. No. 227 Market Etreet, Gan
Francisco. California, on MONDAY, the lSth
_Ey cr November, 1S00, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. fcr the purpose of electing a :
b"ard of -hectors to serve for the ensuing j
year, and the transaction of euch other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer bocks will close on Thursday, November
t. 1SCD. _t 2 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meetlnx !
cf the rtockholders of the Honolulu Sugar j
Coir.par.y will b- held at the offlce of the com- |
l_ny. No £27 Market street. San Francisco, j
California, on MONDAY, the 19th day of No- I
vembT, 1900, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., |
for the purpose cf electing a board of dlrec- j
tore to serve for the ensuing year, and th« ,
trar.saction of such other business as may
ccrce before the meetir.g;. Transfer books
•will close on ThunSay, November 8, 1300, at
t o'clock p. in. •
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ALL can borrow meney on silks, oil paintings i
enfl bu?p!es from COLLATERAL BANK. 15 j
Grant ave.. rear Varket st.
j y i I
AGEXTS WASTED. :
SPECIAL agent wanted: excellent opening for !
person familiar •with Insurance. Call at 612
Examiner building. j j
LOCAL apents wanted in each Pacific Coast I
county: b!g mon^v for live men. Address j
WESTERN FYRICTDE CO.. 29 Main St.
EECURE agency Xmas novelty; sample 20c. j
Ha«t Irr.-crt Acntt 1 Supply Co.. V.2a Market. !
ASPIIALTUM ROOFING. j
J. PELTIER, atphalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
floor* lal'1. repaired: poftal. 11S8 Mission st. {
ASTROLOGY. j
DR. C. TOUEEY TAYLOR, Scientific Aetrolo-
ger— Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law, 9T7 Market St.,
room C7— Estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all case*: fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOW _:, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. __ird and
Market r_s. ; phone Red £262.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 214 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. 937 Market et.. opp. Mason.
L. B. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. ill Mar-
kft >t.: corifultatlm free: no feet In advance. |
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON, Niagara. Perfection and others.
w. S. BROWN CO.. agency. 416 Ellis gt.. S.F.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD hone for little girl, from S years up. 171_
Howara «t.. near Thirteenth.
BICYCLES— For Sale or -xebante.
GOOD eecona-hanfl bicycles; Al condition; Co-
lumbia:. Whites. Hartfords. Allen. 1970 Page.
UTSIM-SS CHANCES.
A— KS0O; CLEANTXO ta8 _ylng works; estab-
lished for many years; a clear monthly profit
of 1250 guaranteed; knowledge of business not
necessary; a rare chance, but must be taken
at once. Call R. G. WILKE, 26Vj Kearny st.
A— 12750; CORNER liquor store and saloon, one
block from Call bldg.; place clearing $200 per
month; lease: Mm-class business opening.
CtJl R. Q. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A — ST50; COFJT-E ealoon. oyster aad chop house;
close to Aicaz— r Theater; rent S7S; a firrt-dass
paying busSnesj; sickness compels owner to
sacrtfloe. See R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny tt.
X— $5000; SALOON on Market St.: rent $75. ln-
cludln _¦ _ I furnished rooms; dally receipts
about $20; mercantile lunch; lease; flrst-class
paying proposition. Particulars R, O. WILKE,
264 Kearcy et.
A— $250; CORNER saloon in wholesale district:
place estab. years; good paying; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 2^4 Kearny «t.
A— 1600; BOOK stor» on Sutter et. _olns'a good
business; owner must leave in l week for
Kast: stock Invoices near double. Call R, Q.
WILKE. 26K Kearny gt.
A BARGAIN If Eold at once — Owing to sick-
ness I will sell a good paying restaurant;
daily receipts from J60 to $33. Address box 206,
Call office. \
IF you desire to cell ycur business quickly call
on CLOSE & CO.. 209 Kearny et., room 1;
business strictly confidential.
CIGAR etore for eal« In country town cheap;
about it xntles from S. F.; good location. Ad-
Crees box 71. Call office. .
1750— PARTNER la butter business; clear $200
to t-75 monthly each. Box 2CS. Call offlce.
FOR EALE— Clpars. baker}', variety and laua-
flry. &07 Third st.
A— BARGAINS in rooming h ousea. branch bak-
eries, restaurants, business chances, real es-
tate, 1K3 Market Bt., room 4.
A— 12£0; PARTNER wanted; light business;
steady year round: $75 a month; no experience
required; trial given. » Geary Bt., room 2.
t-Ofr-SALOON; stock, fixtures and furniture
J rooms; near city front. J. W. DONNELLY
& CO.. tS2 Market ct.
3"OR »ale— The grocery and bar of the late J.
E. A- HELMS; price, J2SO0. Apply corner
Eirhteeath and Howard ets.
XT A NTEI>-S!ngle man with $300 as partner In
eaJoon located 1 block frpzn Hall of Juetice.
Apply at -3-425 Jackson et.
FOR sale — A email stock of candy with store
fixtures; a bargain. Call after t p. m. 255
Seventh tt.
GROCERY and bar In good location; stock in
sight for full purchase price. "W. L. HAK-
FER. 2S7 Parrott building.
J12.000-NEW building and stable; lot lOOxlM;
grocery and bar. etock and fixtures; on end
of car line: clearing $809 a mo. Box 1-0. Call.
A— «SO0; DELICACY & home bakery: clear. tlSO
mo.; eacrlficed; trial given. 1082 Market, r. 4.
A— ENAP
Chop house. 229 Eighth rt. : .
"WANTED— To leas*, hotel or lodging-house,
furnished; object, to purchase. Box 1SS. Call.
WANTED to buy, small candy store; Btate par-
ticulars. Address call box 192, Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
FOR eale— A candy factory and cafe, whole-
Bale and retail, in one of the best gold min-
ing towns of California and doing a splendid
business summer and winter; of 7 years'
standing; owner has to eo to Alaska on busi-
ness and mining interests; will sell for what
fixtures, machinery and stock will amount to
•probably $2000); If parties desiring to buy
don't know how to manufacture candies
owner is willing to stay with them for 2, or.
If necesbary, 3 months and teach them; no
agents. Apply to the L. DEMARTIX1 SUP-
PLY CO.. o!6 Front St.. San Francisco, Cal.
I HAVE a flret-class paying restaurant few
doors from corner Market and Powell sts. ;
ill-health compels me to sell the business;
price 53000, or will take a good partner for
I1C50. Address box 3T6C. Call offlce.
FOR sale— A flrst-class delicacy and .grocery
store; centrally located; good business; milk
trade alone pays rent; investigate this; no
agents; other business calls me away. Ad-
dress Box 137. Call office.
NOTION and candy store; branch bakery and
laundry office; establiEhed 9 years; 2 living
rooms; rent $14; a fine bargain; must sell on
account of sickness. EG5& Filbert st.
1600 — CORNER saloon on business street. 2
blocks from Call building; reasons departure
for the East. For particulars apply to S.
BLUMENTHAL & CO.. 658 and 660 Mission.
FOR SALE — An iron foundry now In operation
in San Francisco: fully equipped for all
classes of castings up to 10 tons. Address
box 172, Call offlce.
A GOOD chance for party with small capital tc
Invest in gents' furnishing goods and notions,
with etore fixtures; for sale cheap. Inquire
variety store, 2011 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
OYSTER and chop house in mountain town;
doing good business; satisfactory reasons for
selling. Ad. L. BALDWIN. Mokelumne Hill.
STATE and county rights, for tale in a newly
patented houfehcM article; quick teller; big
money. S27 Market st., room 613.
FOIt tale— Old established carpenter shop.
Inquire 316 Gough st.
A BARBER shop. 3 chairs, across the bay, for
sale. Address box 12. Call office.
FISH and delicacy store for sale. Address 246
Virginia St.. Vallejo.
J4&0— RESTAURANT * in good running order;
receipts $25 day; trial given. 233 Si-th st.
INSIDE route en this paper for 6ale. Apply
CALL baslness rfflce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ana
tubs<*rir>t!ons has been established al 1038
Valencia tt.
LODGIXG-HOrSES FOR SALE.
STENBERG & CO 753 Market st.
Phone Black 4071
MONEY TO LOAN ON ALL HOUSES.
21 rooms; Powell; best transient M200
19 rooms; Ellis; new and elegant bargain. 1600
10 rooms; near Eddy; best in city C5O
15 rooms; fine corner; all full 8aO
10 rooms; Ellis st.; good location; cheap.. 3(X»
12 rooms; sunny; all housekeeping 175
6 rooms; new; a bargain 175
Many ohters. Call for list. STENBERG & CO.
$7K>— BAY- WINDOW house. IS room*; rent J25.
including water; good furn.: clears $50; cheap-
est house in city. BTENBERQ (X)., 719 Mkt.
M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market st, room 1. Free list.
New bargains every day — good-paying houses.
Over £00; all sizes and prices; terms easy.
11 rooms; payo well; rent H n $500
1! rooms; rent $J.">; full; respectable S00
1j rooms: good house and central SCO
is rooms; full; clears $S0 month COO
C5 rooms: clean: central: aijirtments 3500
£5 rooms; snap; central: paying 3600
27 rooms; light; good furniture; fine 1000
43 rooms; apartments: clears $107 month. 1U0O
A. L. WILLEY, room IS. 516 Market St.
16 rooms. $750; rent with water. $25. Ilcward,
near new Postoffice: all rented.
15 rooms, $110":'; rent wrth water, $65. Geary
et.; oak furniture; hot water in every room.
29 rcome, $1700; rent 1100; one floor. Market
Bt., opposite I. O. O. F. building.
Other houses, lots, farms, mines and any-
thing you want fcr sale or exchange. T'l 1 ! Mar-
ket St.; cpen from S to 8: phone Black 3215.
A— 22-ROOM house; central $1000
20-room house; first class 1050
11-room house. $475: 6-room flat 325
2?-room house: Eddy; rent $73; only S0O
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st
S SUNNY rooms; flat, beautifully furnished;
oak; swell-front chiffoniers; dining-room sets;
combined bookcase; new carpets; must sell
regardless of price. Fisher & Co.. 1032 Market.
BUYERS of lodging-houses will find large list;
f.ne bargains in lodging-houses. Samples:
102 rooms; rent $f.4; price $1500.
12 rooms; rent $34: price $400.
44 rooms; rent $2J0; fine corner; clears $300 a
month; price $40CO.
We loan money to buyers at 1H per cent.
BCHWE1NHAUI) & CO.. 817 Market St.. be-
t-een Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint U>U.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1025 Market st.
27 room*. 13 furnifhed; rent $r,0 $475
60 rooms; cheap rent i 2000
35 rooms; at a bargain SCO
£2 rooms; cos-t to furnish $3700 1500
S00 OTHER BARGAINS.
A SNAP— $7100; well-patronized 30-room hotel;
Alameda; main street: sell on very easy
terms or exchange for flats or residence.
FPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market st.
THE best centrally located rooming-house on
Market Bt for e_!<»; 31 rooms; nearly all
rented steady, balance rented transient; have
to sell on account of mining interest. Box
197. Call office.
FOR SALE— Board and rooming house, 11
rooms; modern; newly furnished; must sell on
account of eickness; a bargain. Apply 717
McAllister st
WILL pay cash for lodging-house of 25 to 40
rooms; must be cheap. Box 9. Call offlce.
14-KOOM sunny corner new house; new furnl-
ture; all full; sacrificed. 1032 Market St.. r. 4.
ROOMING house of 17 rooms on account of
flckres*: ch»*p. 123A Eddy et.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGON'S.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EOAN & SON. 2117 MUslon «t.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping -wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & 2<l-__nd wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving hordes, loth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, death?; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty ; cIrs.Sun.,Wed.,Fri.
ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
513 Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
"CONSULT WATSON," 1ES1 Mkt., nr. 12th;
medium, clairvoyant, psychic & palmist ; 50c & $1.
MRS. LESTER. 1033 Market St., room 1: circles
Bun., Tues., Frl., 8 p. m.; 10c; read, daily.
MRS. CORNELIA, formerly Mrs. Anthony, re-
turned to bupinees; spiritualist. 46 b»venth.
EDWARD EARLE, psychic 12$ Powell St..
hours 9 to 5; Sunday at K... of P. Hall.
MRS.'J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. bus.
medium, life reader; sltt. $L 1164 O'Farrell.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. room 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 835 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, Eittlngs ; convincing tests to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS! DR. F. 'cX-VRKTthe weiNkno-wn trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et.. corner of Golden Gat* ave.. rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed . by mall. Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant &. card
reader, born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles G'.'c,
gents $1: palm and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third gt.. next Examiner.
REMOVED— The great Inspirational card read-
er: price 25c and 50c: hours 10 a. m. till 9 p. m.
MADAME VAN BERGEN. 228 Fulton St.
MRS. E. SANDERS, £14 Taylor st., near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thum.. 2 p.m.; Frl.. 8; dr. 2Sc.
ISMAK, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
Cth; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading, I5c. 1241V£ Market st.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant, fee, 25cl 249%
Minna «t, near Flft^.
MRS, MELVILLE, well-known clalrvoyant,wa-
ter reader, move, to 11 Sixth: German spoken.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant- card reader.me-
dlum; 2Sc up. 823 Mission st.,nr.4th; ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c 7 Seventh st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 42S Golden Gate ave.
MME. ECHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SH Jessie st ;
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. S Fourth st.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
painless; consult'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION . OFFICES. ' ,
GEORGE w. KELLY 1 B Agency— No charge un-
ices successful. Boom 310, S27 llarket at*
I CA KPET BEATING- AXP CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st.; lei. South 40.
I STANDARD. 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair: carpents cleaned.
3c yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 844.
J. K. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel South 250L
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main t34. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
! CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 GoUsn
I Gate ave.: telephone East 126. ______
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 4 sunny rooms; rent reasonable.
2415 Clay St.. near Fillmore.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath; 1305 Ellis st.
Inquire 1221 La_una st. _____
I FOUR-ROOM cottage, stables; . Falrmount
tract: V. Apply 40S3 Army st.
| DENTISTS.
I AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
| ket et., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bld_.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; platts, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or flllinge by my won-
derful tecret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no Etudents;" advice free; prices
cbtffpest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
i A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl.
! warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridse-
work; teeth without a plate; fltllniis. 60c;
I crowns, S3 50; plates, full set, $5 00; all work
; painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
I lors. 24 Sixth Bt. ,
DR. LUDLVM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting >vhen plates are
ma-le; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1S41 Tolk «t
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full eet of teeth. $1; crowns. $3: filllnga. 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction,
EOc. New York Dentists. 563 Mli-slon. cor. 6th.
j VAN VR.OOM— "Painless" : eveninics and Sun-
day?. 1001 Market ?t.. corner Sixth.
i) i : 'FiyA /i ory
j O. C. C. — A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair:' will not irritate,
burn ncr poison the most delicate skin; a Rents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ay'cy, 426 Ellis.
; DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
I McDOWELL Dressmaking andMll'.inery School;
i pattern.' cut; evening class. 1019 Market st., J
| above Sixth.
i FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex-
amine work; eend for circular. 1236 Market.
! ACCORDION pleating: factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, plnkir.u. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
S. F. Pressmakinsr, Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
Hnery Pchnol; French system. 411 Van Ness.
EDUCATIONAL.
; GALLAGHER-MARSH Collefre. Parrott BIdx.—
j Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
i Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
| tlcal bookkeeping; full course, 530; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Peat St..
S. F —Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
g-ajjes. telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining t-n_ineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
tehool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn in a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 53, Thurlow block. 126 Kearny st.
i AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; day
' and evening; Individual Instruction. $3 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
: bhorthand. telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
I HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
! short time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrott bldg
| he would not; be wise.
I MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy:
! lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
[ porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
j ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
ness COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
i ENGINEERING, civil, elec, minlns,mech.,sur-
t vey. assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1864.
; VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SPANISH professor. F. M. Vizcaino, ha3
moved to Parrot bldg., fourth floor, room l»0.
| ML'NSOX School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
; ing, Spanirh. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
! AIR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
i violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1SS6 Eddy st.
! ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
. ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
! ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
: etc.. day nr eve.: J5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
! A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
[ tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
! 421 Post et., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
; JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
| best help. 526 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 219L
! JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
! RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
i flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
j JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Walters.cooks.
I dishwashers; est. 1890. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
! UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
I furn.; domestic serv. .417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
j ORPHEUM Employment Oftlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 42C Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
j CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Rest heln. 411U O'FarrpII St.: ti»l. East 426.
i EMPLOYMENT AVAXTED FEMALE.
! A FRENCH second girl, who is good plala
[ sewer and speaks French fluently, desires
I place In American family where there are
j children learning the French language; best
: of references; $20. Apply C. U. HANSEN <_
! CO., 304 Geary st.
! A— 2 FIRST meat and pastry cooks want
I places, city or country; first-claf>s references.
i C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
' FRENCH girl ppeaklng no English desires slt-
j uation, housework or chamberwork; German
j nurseglrl wants a position; a tirst-class cham-
i bermaid and seamstress and several others
i await positions at MISS CULLEN' S. 825
! Sutter st.
I ,
j COMPETENT girl wishes position in small
I family to do cooking or general housework.
I Call at 3C75 Nineteenth St.
| GIRL wants general housework and cooking.
! Call at 2S57 Twenty-fourth st. ; no postals or
j letters answered,
RESPECTABLE young girl would* like to do
upstairs and waiting. Please call 1512 Baker.
YOUNG woman wishes situation; housework
and cooking. 1231 Market st.
j WANTED — By a middle-aged woman, a posi-
tion to do mending and plain sewing with a
family where she can have room and board
for her services; can furnish the best of ref-
erences. 3024 Twenty-sixth st.
AN experienced dressmaker in ladles' street
and evening suits and children's clothes will
accept engagements in families, $1 25 per
day; ref. Apply 1201 Webster, corner Eddy.
FIRST-CLASS German cook is looking for sit-
uation In line private house; wages $30 to $35;
best references from New York. 818 Cali-
fornia st. . . '
SWEDISH _irl wishes a situation; $20 per
month; no washing. Address E. S., 1029 D«
Haro st.. near Twenty-third.
ELDERLY lady wishes position to do light
housework or nursing. Address MRS. M..
box 176, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by flrst-class cook. C_H
Monday and Tuesday forenoon at 7V4 Grand
ave., near-Tenth st. •
YOUNG woman wishes position for half day
In doctor's offlce; understands massage; no
triflers. Box 201. Call offlce. .
WANTED — A position as governess to young
children or companion to lady. Address MISS
JAMES. Alameda P. P., Cal.
A WIDOW wishes gentlemen's mending and
repairing. 5C0% Stevenson st.
EORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
WINCHESTER House, 44. Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 26c to $1 50 night, $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
ENGINEER or machinist, also good at ¦ any
repair work, wants position; best of refer-
ences griven; 25 years' experience. Box 205
Call office.
COOK wants work: a good careful - cook; or
would go as second cook; wages moderate. T.
SMITH. 218 Minna St. '
WANTED— A. situation by young man In gro-
cery store. Address F. C. B., box 2W, Call
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists:
electric power; steady work; can make $10
per week. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st.
SEWING girls, attention'.— Experienced opera-
: tors on 'dress and negligee shirts; steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co.. 27 Jessie at.
WOMAN to help around. 1915^ Golden Gate
ave., between Baker and Lyon ets. \
GERMAN girl or woman to work in bakery;
steady work. 9S0 Harrison st.
YOUNG women's boarding home; 127 Turk; est.
by Christian ladles; board & lodg., U wk. up.
GLOVE banders and binders and drlvlng-glove
makers. FARRANT & CO., 1435 Market st.
WANTED-Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St., bet 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
1 received at Call branch offlce. 22C0 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WA1VTED-MALG.
A SPECIAL ~
80 more experienced coal miners
50 more experienced coal miners
50 more experienced coal njiners
i For Gallup, New Mexico
....See mine superintendent in our offlce
To-day, Monday
Best of wages ••'•'•
Free Fare Free Fare Free Faro
Ship Tuesday morning
,C. R. HANSEN & CO 10* Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK .....
2 stone cutters, Nevada W 60
fi stone ma3ons. Nevada 13 50
20 teamsters, Nevada »2
Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare
C. R. HAXSEX.- CO 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD camp~blacksmith $S
7 farmers for orchard work $20
3 German farmers, fruit ranch $20
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Restaurant steward. $60; second cook, country
hotel. $80;, second cook who can do pastry. $45;
bellboy, $15; dishwasher, $25; bread baker,
ioO; second hand on bread, $40; second cook,
Arizona, $40, free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S*S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT. 7 A. M. MONDAY
Stonemason, rubble work $78 and found
Wagonmakers and woodworkers
Stablemen and hostlers Farmer and wlf«
16 farm hands, plow teamsters, etc
$26, $30 and found
150 woodchoppers $1 to $3 crrd
40 tiemakers, 10c and 12c, tools, provisions
and cabins furnished
2 laborers, city $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
A— HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
Head waiter, for a club $40 an/1 found
Bakers, bread foreman, cake foreman an]
second and third hands, $12 to $20 week; 15
cooks, city and country... $30 to $30 and found
Butchers; waiters, city and country; porter,
country hotel; man for delicatessen store, aud
others; lunch cook, saloon, $10 and [ound...
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— WANTED
Driver for milk wagon $35 and found
Stableman, business stable, city. .$30 and found
Milker, 22 cows and ranch work.. $30 and found
Farmer and wife $40 and found i
Miner to run tunnel $2 a foot;
Iron molder $3 a day]
Woodchoppers; long Job; good wages
Boy for poultry store $4 a week
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay 3t.
A— 1 PAINTER, carpenters. 10 cabinet-makers,
12 b^nch hands, 3 sticker hands, 2 shaper
hands. Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410
Kearny st., room 9; non-union mechanics
please register; new jobs dally; no offlce fee.
....ITALIAN LABOR SUPPLY COMPANY....
24 MONTGOMERY AVE
Furnish mechanics, miners
Railroad men, ranch hands
and woodchoppers at short notice
MAN to buy a route: good paying business.
MISS CULLEN, 32o Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS operators wanted on .coats;
steady work and good pay: work inside. Ap-
ply at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S, 27 Geary st.,
second floor.
WANTED— Sober man for all-around cleaning
wcrk, make himself useful In store: wages $10
a week; German speaking preferred. 15 City
Hall square.
YOUNG man wanted with experience in a
bakery. Call at 127 Fifth St., between 11 a.
m. and 2. p. m.
MAN wanted with $100 to invest in a paying
business; can make $65 a month; no experi-
ence required. 1016 Market St.. room 10.
' FOUR boys to distribute circulars. K. S. C.
I Medical Co.. offlce 121, Murphy building, 1236
j Market Bt.
i BARBER shop for sale; Mission st., near Slx-
| teenth. Inquire of DECKELMAN BROS..
j 106 Ellis St. !
I COa'TMAKEK and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
GOOD strong boy with references. LOFSTAD,
14 Kearny st.
— . _____ , , ;
COOD bushelman wanted. Apply 2916 Lyons st.
! WANTED— Walter for a lunch house. 113
I Drumm st.
WAITER wanted at 560 Howard st.
NIGHT dishwasher at once. The Cozy, 1003
I Valencia st.
i .
j EXTRA waiter, for bakery and coffee house.
612 Kearny st.
} BOY wanted, $6. 174 Townsend st.
GOOD boy wanted at 113 Davis st. FREY-
i GANG -LEAKY CO.
I
WANTED— A man to help plumber. 2387 Slx-
I teenth tt.
I SHOEMAKER wanted at 1712 Church st., near
j Twenty-ninth, for repairing.
! WANTED— Second cook at 317 Fourth st.; call
j early. • f
i WANTED— A first-class pressman on custom
| pants; good pay. 411\_ Kearny st.
! WANTED— Walter at New Golden Gate Hotel.
124 Fourth st.
¦ ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half i
price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
': TWO waiters, $25; one dining-room porter, $15.
! Ahlborn Hotel. 321 Grant ave.; call early.
' PORTEH and a dishwasher at 19 Powell st
j MAN or lady for flower store: must have expe-
rience; no others need apply. 50O Haight st.
I WANTED- A 2<or 3 chair barber shop; city or
country. Box C07, Call offlce.
4-CHAIR barber shop for rent. 759t_ Howard
street. • ¦ !
FOR sale— l-chalr barber shop and 2 living
rooms; cheap. 863 Bryant st.
WANTED— A place to stop for the •winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 619 Sacra-
mento St., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nlce — clean, cheap, vell-
ventllated rooms. A. MccREERY. Prop.
WANTED — Competent accountant to act as
chief clerk In Bakersfleld oil Held; salary $100;
good references and good penmanship re-
quired; attach copy of thin advertisement to
application. Box 1S2, Call ofllce.
WANTED — Competent accountant to act as
secretary and bookkeeper; good references and
Rood penmanship required; attach copy ct
this advertisement to application. Address
box 1S3, Call offlce.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed .Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st ; 150 iarge
100ms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Ciay St.
FIRST-CLASS cloak salesman wanted; state
fully experience and where formerly em-
ployed. Address "Cloaks." box 170, Call.
A PRIVATE secretary: little bookkeeping-
good home; small wages; private place; short
distance from city. E. C, box 150, Call.
EXPERIENCED solicitor on salary and com-
mission. Apply GAS CON. ASSN., 1004 Broad-
way. room 20. between 10 and 12.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old, reliable
firm, S06 Market, rm. 40. Phelan bldg.; pension
vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
$100 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
sklna. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WHITENER and paperhanger wanted to do
work in exchange for rent. Box 154. Call.
DENTIST wanted; graduate & Christian; ltfp
pos. Write H. J. Plomteaux. D.D.S.. Oakland".
DISTRIBUTOR wanted at U. S. Laundry
Sixteenth et. near Valencia. *-™nary,
GET jour shoes half soled while waiting. 25o
to 50c. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Good all-around blacksmith in.
Ply to J. O'SHEA. Seventeenth and Vermont
I s?>m Y fts W . a dr-_:s?o 0 r^ er Twent r- fl "» -* F-»-
n Z 6 £^\? « -torn-
n se!%rHo r w°ard-.r- =
GENTLEMEN'S suit* to order, $1 per we<* at
ca-U prices. N. Y. TaUorln.'co.. 115 KeaT-y.Sun rises • *=Jf
Sun sets •--- **1
Moon rises «>:« P- m.
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 1?.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Ttm«« aad HelRhts of Ulgh and Low
T\-«t»r» at Fort Point, - otrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published ty ofadal au
thority of the Superintendent.
VOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
rlty front ( Mission-street wharf) about tweutjr
r.vi minute* later than at Fort Point; the
*i»tjrht cf 'We Is tb« »ani« at bctn places.
Sun, Mcoa and Tide.
Same (owner) with J. W. Hansbrough and J.
M. Robertson (contractors), architect same
Carpenter work, fireproof windows, roofing and
painting- for same on same; (16,780.
, Eame (owner) with Duffey Bros, (contractcrs),
architect same— Plumbing work for same oa
same; JITSO. .
Alvinza Hayward (owner) with Wlnslow
Brcs. Co. (contractors), architect G. W. Percy
— Castlron storu fronts, vestibule doors and
frames, castlron sash entrance . doors, elevator
incfosures. patent elevator door attachments,
iron stairways, folding- entrance sates, main
entrance grille, for a eleven-story and basement
fireproof building, on NE comer California and
Motitsomery atreets. N M by E $7:«: $37,000.
George C. Alferttx (owner) with W. Horat
meyer & Co. (contractors), architect C. A
Meusdorffer— All work except plumbing, paint
ing, electrical work, art glass, frescoing, man
tels, gaa fixtures and shades, for a two-story
and basement frame residence, oa fiW corner
of Janea anJ Chestnut streets. 8 34 by W «;
tests.
City TS"arehous« Company <corporatlon, owner)
with Joanna H«ndy Machine Works (corpora
tion, contractor), architect G, w, Percy— Cast
and wrought iron work, fcr a thr»«-story brick
building, on SW corner of Battery and Lom
bard streets. 8 1J7:« by W 13T:S; $4SS3.
Same (owner) with M. V. Brady (contractor),
architect same— Brick work, stone and terra
CCtta, {or same on same: (13.144.
Associated Students of University of Califor
nia and Leland Stanford Junior University
(owners) with D. R." McNelll (contractor)— All
work for rrand stand, fence*, aisles and parti
tion*, on block bounded by Fifteenth. Sixteenth.
Harrison and Folsorn streets; $2«;g.
Builders* Contracts.
GRAND HOTEL.
W V Eckerson. Ls An; J II Hard & w, tTtali
W" W Browne. MY . H Johnson A -w Cal
H llradley, Portland |W C Dibble & w Or
J McDonns'.l, Menlo A C Burdick. Portland
J Jacobs, Sacto 'O Orr. Ventura
J H Connolly, Vallejo |%V p Dlckson, Tacoma
T Gilbert, Cal , E S Hooper. Denver
E L I»we. CoJ I F" L Loomls. Omaha
II S Kinsell. Sn Lorenx A W Kiddle & w Cal
A Brown, Cal ! E S McDonald & w Cal
C J Pullen, S Quer.tin ;W J Stevens. Los Ans
D B Jenckes. Chicago I) C Wilfus, Los Ansr
B J Luner. Hanfcrd <P H Marlay & w. Xeb
W \V Smith & w, Ariz Miss L Cordes. Lathrp
P Pendleton. Saratoga I C A Kick. Sacto
J P Brunton. Sargent G Hartman, Merced
J D Biddle, Hanf^nJ ! R T Howe, Chicaro
Miss M 1) Hudson. Cal H Isaac*. Los An?
J Hopkins & w. DklynD C Uurtls, Los Ane
J N Hopkins. Brklyn |"W Rogers Los, Gates
Mrs L W Shfnn. Cal . E Cox. t'kiah
ilisa Fhinn. Cal IE F B-snton. Mtndocla
A L Oppenheim. Minn F J Martin. Fortuna
H T S'.nyth. 5 Lorenzo Dr A J Huliinirer, Or
J MeCcnaKhy. S Lornz J D Smith. He&ldsbrr
A McPhat!. Honolulu ( R W Skinner. Marysvl
II C Howard. Woo«ll«<l A J Dobbins, Vacavtlle
H B Martin. S Lorenzo S P Dobbins, Vacaville
C Foote. San Lorenzo ; E C Hart & w, Sacto
W L» Calhoun. Sit Lake H Hart. Sacto
Mrs L H Pontin*. Or JW S Green. Colusa
Mrs McCoy. Napa 1
PALACE HOTEL.
J B leather. NT ICM Woods, N T
H J I>ouis. N V ! Dr Rubins, Reno
C E Hu§e, Chicago (Mrs O A Guyer, Cal
R D Sinclair, Chicago {Miss L S Guyer. Cal
J B Wolf. NT jN Balikoff. Ru»?la
M B Hcocie. Tacoma 'CM Wiche. USA
A Cameron. Jaaan B L Levinstn Jr. N T
P M i-hjov. Bo«toa !T A Grlfttn & w. Ills
A W Kelly. Berkeley jH F Fletcher, Waunvl
II H Harris. Berkeley | M Grau. N Y
H W Neuby. Reno [F S Uiclciri»on. X Y
L Gundelfinser. Fresno :B Shane. N Y
A Hazelton. NY J Marx. N Y
H Llndley, Cal J F Danne & w. Cal
J J Al«cp. NY W Keuffel & w. N y
W H Drannan. NY J F Davit. Jackson /
B O Holmes, Detroit E C Klauber. Chicago
Mrs G A Palmer. Mich J F N Royal. Chicago
Miss L E Terry. Sacto Mrs T T Thornbursh.
J E Terry, facto Washlnrton. I) c
O L. Richards. N Y Mrs R M Thornbur^h,
Misa Baxriser. Otnaha WashlnBton. D C
Mrs Albert.* Omaha A B Beck * w. M T
T R CConnell. Omaha G T Barham. Los Asg
R H Reid. Denver J C Needham. Modesto
J A Erwine. NY C T Eliot t, Mo
E Worcester. Pa A . F Jones. Oro\1H«
SEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J M McIXmch Jr, Ohio O Lorentx. X«v
O L Sues. Wash. DC WO Maury. X T
T Fay. Vallejo O F Foutttaln. Mich
Jf A Phay & w. Iowa R Manzanera & w, Mx
P F Baker. Vallejo t, Latra. Pa
J Boyd. Mass A Corti. Pa
J H Gonhola. Ohio F BXontano. Beaton
W H Johnson. 8 Rafael O Nicholas. Pav
M Miller. Aria W J Jones. 8t Louis
O Eckiet. Ohio J P Rambous-b & w,
VT M Htne*. Valeio HollSster
JI i Vi'bitiaore, Vaitejo • -~-^_
... .. --._, ...
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
The changes In temperature have teen flight
in all districts. In California the terapera
turea are, about 10 degrees above the normal.
Conditions are favorable for generally cloudy
weather in Northern and clear In Southern
California Mon-lay.
Forecast made at San Franc!«?o for thirty
hours ending- midnight. November 12. 1300:
Northern California— Generally cloudy Mon
day; light northwesterly wind.
Southern California — Fa!r Monday: light
northerly -wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
Pan Francisco aad vicinity— Generally cloudy
Monday; Ilsht northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Generally cloady weather prevails over North
ern Ca;irornia aad the western portions of Ore
ssn anil Washington: elsewhere w*st of the
Rocky Mcantalns the weather is clear.
Th* preg*or» has risen along the Insaitd'ate
ciAst and fallen over the eastern portions of
IVashinrton and Oregon.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data.: Maximum u?njper»tur«.
73; minimum. aS: mean. C
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL.
Touching the Naval Academy. It is
urged that no physical disqualifications of
cadets shall be wal%'ed hereafter* as there
has b?en a marked deterioration in the
past ten years in the physical condition of
the graduating cadets, owing to their
abandonment of the vigorous "weeding
out" process, which has now fallen Into
disuse. It is also strongly urged that the
two years' supplemental course at sea
shall be abandoned. Flnallv strong recom
mendation is piven to the superintend
ent's recommendation that the age limit
for cadets upon admission shall bo be
tween the ages of 15 and IS. and that the
course at the academy shall be four years
Two additional training ships for ap
prentices at Newport are said to be ur
gently needed. The report ur^ed continued
training of the men In marksmenship.
The admiral makes a strong point In his
report of the necessity of naval barracks.
A mild reproof on Conf ress is contained
In the closing paragraph of the report
which calls attention to the discouraging
condition in which distinguished officers
of the navy have been left by not leceiv
ing any formal recognition for their he
roic services during the war with Spain.
The report says that the navy had no part
in the unfortunate public controversy
which followed upon the President's rec
ommendation that certain officers should
be promoted, and adds tnat thus far there
haa been no recognition by Conjrress ex
cept of those who shared in the victory at
Manila and those who served elsewhere in
the war.
There were 2<S2 desertions from the naw
and 86 deaths during the past fiscal year.
The enlistment* number 8123 from a total
number of applicants of 40.S36. Over 6s per
cent of the men in the navy are native
born. 19 p«r cent are naturalized and 9 per
cent have declared intentions. Xlnety-two
per cent of the landsmen now under
training are native-born.
Admiral Crowninshield finds that the
Chesapeake is too small for the midship
men, and asks that she be transferred to
the training station at Newport and that
another vessel be built for the cadets, to
accommodate tt least 30) besides her
crew.
One chapter ceals at some length with
the history of the Asiatic station during
the year and the participation of the navy
and marine corps in the Chinese opera
tions are set out in some detail. The re
port makes the point that the Government
should construct or acquire on the Asiatic
station a dock of its own.
The training system as now practiced in
the navy is commended, and It ia declared
that by no other means could the navy
tsecure the sailors necesiary to man the
fleet. Since the close of the Spanish war
the department has found that tne re
sources heretofore depended on to furnish
seamen for the navy are no -longer ade
quate. Only 237 seamen have enlisted for
the first enlistment in the past year, so
the department has been obliged to rely
upon and develop the training squadron
for landsmen, r.nd now has about 1000 m^n
under instruction, who on the average,
require about six months' training.
Admiral Crownlnshield regards It as
most important commercially that we
keep always a fair representation on the
South Atlantic station, saying that in no
part of the world are our vessels more
cordially received, and nowhere can be
traced direct benefits to trade more clear
ly than on this station. As to Xortt* At
lantic stations, regret Is expressed that
the important drills of the squadron are
compelled to be often Interrupted by at
tendance of vessels at local celebrations,
which tend to demoralize the efficiency of
the personnel.
The admiral severely criticises the inef
fective effort of Congress at the last ses
sion to njeet immediate needs for officers
by authorizing the employment of retired
officers, and he demands the Immediate
repeal of that act. He claims that the
retired list. Intended as the reward for
faithful service, otherwise becomes a
hardship and a punishment. The person
nel act thus far has resulted in affording
less officers than were on the active list
before its passage, as. while authorizing
an increase, it .failed to provide the means
therefor, so there are now 131 vacancies in
the list of naval officers, when vacancies
can be least afforded. Therefore it is
recommended for the nejtt ten years that
appointments to the Naval Academy be
doubled, the President and Representa
tives in Congress appointing two instead
of one wherever authorized now. and in
addition Senators being given the same
privilege of appointment as Representa
tives. Then, to meet future needs, it is
recommended that whenever Congress
authorizes an Increase of vessels in the
navy it also provide in the same act for
an Increase of officers and men to man
the ships. The report says that England,
which this year lays down fifteen .war
vessels, voted an increase of 4M0 officers
and men to the naval establishment to
man the ships, while Germany, which in
tends doubling her fle^t in the next six
teen years, has provided In the same pro
gramme for Increasing the personnel for
£5 officers and 10>5 men, until the total in
crease reaches S5.551. It Is declared that
it is now impossible to man the vessels of
our navy already constructed with the
present force, r.ot to mention those build
ing or authorized. Congress is urged to
make any increase in the personnel im
mediately .available.
The Naval Academy is insufficient for
¦want of Instructors, and the present high
standard of training cannot be main
tained, rh-ery bureau in the department
is short of officers, and the. service, the
report predicts, soon will fall behind in
the struggle, first for leadership and then
for quality, with the other services. The
disability of the sea-going corps of of
ficers has grreatly increased since the
Spanish war, and many of the best officers
are being lost as a result of breaking
down from overwork.
The admiral regards this need of the
navy for officer* and men as most urgent.
He says that the bureau can point to
many cases where the service is being
harmed by lack of officers.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— The startling:
statement is made In the report of Ad
miral Crownlnshield, chief of the Naviga
tion Bureau, that the present personnel of
the navy would form barely one-fourth oi
the total establishment necessary to fight
a first-class European power. It barely
sufficed fcr the Spanish war, and no long
er can be considered, the report saya. as
an effective nucleus about whiph a larger
establishment could be formed in case of
war.
Can Point to Places Where the Ser
vice Is Being Seriously Impaired
by Lack of Trained
Men.
Says Attention Should Bs
Paid to This Matter
at Once.
CROWNINSHIELD
ASKS FOR MORE
NAVAL OFFICERS
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRr\*E.
Sunday, Ncrembtr 11.
Stmr Aztec, Trask, 32 days from Mar.lla, via
Na-asakt 12 days.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. M hours from Port
land, via Astoria 42 hours.
Stmr Gtrsy. Lelanri. Id hoars from Mess
Landlnj. etc.
Stmr VV H Kruger. Kres, 7* hours frcra Grays
Harbor.
Stmr S«uth Coast. Olsen, 14 hours from
Albion.
Br jtmr Warfleld. Pattte, 4 days from Oyster
Harbor. .
Sunr Greenwood. Faierlund. 44 hours from
San I'edro.
Stmr Signal. Bendegard. Z days from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Xavarro. Jensen. 11 hours from Bowens .
Landing-
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 61 hours from San
Dlejo.
Br *hlz> Flintshire, Garrett. from sea. la dis
tress.
Ur «hlp Canaanian. Bunn. Tl days frora Hong
kor.x;, arrived oil San Francisco, waiting for
order*.
Ship Glory oi the Seas, Hall. 13 -lay? from
Comax.
Sehr Mary C. Campbell. S hours from Bodega.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Rasmus. 1 day3 from
Co«;uille River.
Schr Maxim. Otsen. 3 days from Coo« Bay.
Schr North E«nd, Jackson. 12 lays from Wil
lapa. Harbor.
Schr Connanza, Chrlstensen. 14 hours from
ConutHe River.
SAILED.
Sunday. November VL
Stmr Coos B*y. NopatiSer. San Pedro.
Htmr Mtn?ola. David. Nanalmo.
Scmr laqua. Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Emulre, MacOenn. Coos Bay.
Br ship Speke. Stctt. QueenstowTi.
?Mp Slntrlm. Meyer. T»coma.
Bark S C Allen. Joansoa, Honolulu.
Schr Archie »nd Fcntle. Jensen, Stewarts
Point.
Sthr Corinthian. Korth. Blnlers Point.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Monterey. Beck.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO3. Not II (10 p. m.V- "Weather
hazy; wind northwest: velocity S mile*.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Aztec— Not 9. 39.M X. 130 TV— Ship
A J Fuller, from Oyster Harbor for Kahulul.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TA COM A— Arrived Nov 11— Schr Meteor, from
San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSENI>— Passed In Nov 11— Schr
Defender, for Ladysmith; *tmr Rnth. from
SkiiTway; "^hr A M Baxter, for Seattle; bark
Theobald, for — : ship Challenger, for China
Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Victoria, from China;
schr A il Baxter, from San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Nov 11— U S stmr
R»ne*r. hence Nov 9.
Sailed Nov 11— German, stmr I«is, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Alliance,
hence Nov 8; echr Fcrtuna. hence Nov 4: schr
Allen A. from Manzanillo; stmrs San Pedro
and L«kme, hence Nov 10.
Sailed Nov 11— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco. ' ,
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr fccotia.
h«nc« Nov 10.
Sailed Nov 11— Stmr S*<iuoia. for San F'ran
clsco
SAN' PEDRO— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr News
boy, hence Nov 9. Nov 11— Stmr Westport,
from Eureka.
COOS BAT— Arrived Nov 11— Schr Emma
Utter, from San Dleso-
Sailed Nov 11— S«hr Volunteer, for San Ftan-
C AHTORIA— Arrived Xov 11— Stmr George W
U^German hark Olra. for Queens
to-wn: Br itmr Bucklnirham. for MinUa-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Noord-
U Q^ESTOWNSied Nov 11-Stmr Umbrla.
?NBW3 'r'oRX-ArrtVed Nov ll-S.n,: La
Champagne, from Havre; «tanr Island, from
Copenhagen «nd ChrUtlansand. u .^v,. r ,
Sailed Nov U-Stmr Bulsaria, for Hamburg
%ia Cherbourr-
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
THE transport Axtec arrived from
the Philippines yesterday. She
made the run from Manila ia
thirty-two days, vta Nagasaki
twenty-two days. On October 9.
in latitude 39 deg. 30 mln. north, longi
tude 130 deg. west, she spoke the Ameri
can ship A. J. Fuller, bound from Oyster
Harbor for Kahulul, all well.
The Altec will not be turned back to
the Pacific Mall, but will be at once load
ed with horses and supplies and sent bach
to Manila. There is a rush around th«»
transport wharves these days and It be
gins to look as if Uncle Sam means busi
ness in the Philippines.
Mauna Ala in Commission.
The bark Mauna Ala that was "heM
up" by me Inspector of Hulis has been
overhauled and Is once more In commis
sion. She Is one of the stacchest old
boats on the- coast, but some repairs were
demanded by the United States and the
vessel had to lay up to have them made.
The Mauna Ala ia once again in the Ha
waiian trade and will carry many noH
cargoes of sugar before she is retired.
Water Front Notes.
The old time bark Glory of the Seas
made port vesterday.
The British ship Speke sailed with a. full
carco. ,
A man gtvlnar his name as James Brown
and his residence 1433 Mission street was
assaulted yesterday on Mission street,
between Ninth and Tenth. His left ear
was lacerated and he was stabbed twice
in tb& back. The chances are it was the
result of a drunken brawl. He was treat
ed at the Harbor Hospital by Dr. Putnam.
The new steamship Sierra of the
Oceanic Steamship Company, which start
ed for this ion from Philadelphia on .Octo
ber 11. put In at Coronel. South Amer
ica, on tne Sth. having been delayed by
bad weather in the Straits of Magellan.
The sailing of this steamer for Honolulu,
Samoa, New Zealand and Australia,
which was set for November 21, has been
postponed to December 12, the steamship
Mariposa going out en November n.
She Will Be Rushed Back With a Load
of Horses and Provisions for the
Men on the Firing Line.
TRANSPORT AZTEC TO LOAD
AGAIN FOR PHILIPPINES
. NOTE— la :he above exposition of the tide*
the *arly morning- tides are fivea 13 the left
bass column and the successive tides o* ti«
dajr In the order of occurrence as to time of
day. the tblrd time column the third tida aad
the last or rijrat eacd column xtves th« laat
tide of the day. except when there are bat
three U4e*. as sometimes occsrs. Toe 3ei?at»
¦fiver, ara in addltloa to the i3und:z;s on tixt
United States Coast Survey chart*, except
when a minus sign •— > precedes .he height, and
then th* number siven Is sub'.raetrd from the
depth riven by the charts. The plaae of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Weather Report.
OKth MerldJan— Paciflc Tlni-.)
SA.V FRANCISCO. Nov. 11-S p, m.
The followlss are the seasonal rainfalls to
Cat*, as compared with those of same dale last
season, and ratnfaH In last twenty-four hours:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1900.
TO SAIL.
9
From
Du».
Steamer.
Bontta (Newport U ..INo*. 13
Si'K 1 !..-::: IS^iPiife: «
Srr..-:::.~ KSSSsr."::::::---: | :
Poroon* Kureka Nov. 11
Walla Walla... Victoria Nor. U
Chw. Nrtson... Se*tt e War, 13
J. S. Klmball- S«attle.. Nov. 1J
t.,,11,. ..'San Pedro (Nov. 1J
t£l Norte ".".".... Portland and Coos Bay-i-Vov. 14
Uaua Eureka 'C- or- ;T
J«ni Seattle.^ - jNov. u
Matteawan .....Tacoma."* jNov. 15
Santa Rwa .... San Dl«go INor. U
Robert Dollar.. Seattle. Not. 15
Point Arena.... Point Arena 3£j*H
Eureka Humboldt ' N . OT - }i
Cr««nt Clir- ,C«««» Oty Nor. u
Slarlwwi AvwtralU ;Nov. 1*
G. W. Elder.... Portland r\SZ' ,?
Cooa Bay Newport 'Nor. IT
Steamer.
I Destination. |
Sails. *| Pier.
City PueblatVlcteria -IN'ov. «. 11 «in Pier 9
Eureka ...Huraboldt.....|Xov. 13. 9 am Pier •
H MaVi... China A Japan Kov. 13. 1 pcijPMSS .
NeWbwns - Gray* H»rbor Nov. 13. 5 pmPla 13
No«h Fork HamtjoWt Kov 13. Jammer |
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 14. tpm.Pier 9
ColumWa .. PorUand: Nov. 14. 11 am Pier 2«
yueen . .Msan Diego Not. 14. 11 amlPler U
w KruxerlGrars HarborfNov. 14. Tpra
Coro^Tf- - Ne^ort Nov. 1«. » am Pier U
Rainier ...: Featt^ Nov. IS.
VandalaT .'Coqutlle R.... Nov. 18,
tt"ta W. I Victoria Nov. IX. 11 am Pier >
Pt Arena .(Point Arena.. Nov. 17 PJer J
S'nti Ro-a S»n.DI?go !Nov. IS. 11 ara Pier 11
¥ewtort "fNe^r To?k.....|Nov. 15. 12 nIPMSS
G^ Oder. 1 Portland JNov. 15. 11 any Pier :4 ¦
O (TUnel ; Ttael TUn« Ttxnt
§ I Ft. — — J Ft. Ft. Ft.
ff JH TV L Wl H W (I. W
13 ...
U ...
14...
15 ,.".]
4:B
5:3
«.T
4.9
5.0
S.i
• :30
U:00
12:21
1:5
s.3 • t:87
>.I 4:23
2.3 6:SS
4.T 10:03 O.S
4.2 10:55 1.0
4.0 ll:« l.|
1.8 ...... .....
.;... i:n|
.8 ...I l:59|
III W
l.Tj 7:«
2.0; !:><
Ml t:33
1:1! 3
jH W1
l.S 8:04 :.)
l.l! S.CSj 2.9
».S| 9:5*: 4.0
f Last | Th!» 1
STATIONS. j;i U,>ura 1 S-nson.
i Last
i Season
Eureka j j.y;
Red Bluff j .... $.71
Sacramtnto I .... l.TS
San Francisco 5.12
Frs*no .«
Independence .S3 j
San Lafa Obispo ' 1.S9
Los Anjreles .... .11 !
San Diepc .... ,ti
i 8 .«
4.TS
' 5.80
5.42
.jr
4.U
.«
O (TUnel ; Ttael TUn« Ttxnt
§ I Ft. — — J Ft. Ft. Ft.
ff JH TV L Wl H W (I. W
13 ...
U ...
14...
15 ,.".]
4:B
5:3
«.T
4.9
5.0
S.i
• :30
U:00
12:21
1:5
s.3 • t:87
>.I 4:23
2.3 6:SS
4.T 10:03 O.S
4.2 10:55 1.0
4.0 ll:« l.|
1.8 ...... .....
From
Du».
Steamer.
Bontta (Newport U ..INo*. 13
Si'K 1 !..-::: IS^iPiife: «
Srr..-:::.~ KSSSsr."::::::---: | :
Poroon* Kureka Nov. 11
Walla Walla... Victoria Nor. U
Chw. Nrtson... Se*tt e War, 13
J. S. Klmball- S«attle.. Nov. 1J
t.,,11,. ..'San Pedro (Nov. 1J
t£l Norte ".".".... Portland and Coos Bay-i-Vov. 14
Uaua Eureka 'C- or- ;T
J«ni Seattle.^ - jNov. u
Matteawan .....Tacoma."* jNov. 15
Santa Rwa .... San Dl«go INor. U
Robert Dollar.. Seattle. Not. 15
Point Arena.... Point Arena 3£j*H
Eureka Humboldt ' N . OT - }i
Cr««nt Clir- ,C«««» Oty Nor. u
Slarlwwi AvwtralU ;Nov. 1*
G. W. Elder.... Portland r\SZ' ,?
Cooa Bay Newport 'Nor. IT
Steamer.
I Destination. |
Sails. *| Pier.
City PueblatVlcteria -IN'ov. «. 11 «in Pier 9
Eureka ...Huraboldt.....|Xov. 13. 9 am Pier •
H MaVi... China A Japan Kov. 13. 1 pcijPMSS .
NeWbwns - Gray* H»rbor Nov. 13. 5 pmPla 13
No«h Fork HamtjoWt Kov 13. Jammer |
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 14. tpm.Pier 9
ColumWa .. PorUand: Nov. 14. 11 am Pier 2«
yueen . .Msan Diego Not. 14. 11 amlPler U
w KruxerlGrars HarborfNov. 14. Tpra
Coro^Tf- - Ne^ort Nov. 1«. » am Pier U
Rainier ...: Featt^ Nov. IS.
VandalaT .'Coqutlle R.... Nov. 18,
tt"ta W. I Victoria Nov. IX. 11 am Pier >
Pt Arena .(Point Arena.. Nov. 17 PJer J
S'nti Ro-a S»n.DI?go !Nov. IS. 11 ara Pier 11
¥ewtort "fNe^r To?k.....|Nov. 15. 12 nIPMSS
G^ Oder. 1 Portland JNov. 15. 11 any Pier :4 ¦
.;... i:n|
.8 ...I l:59|
III W
l.Tj 7:«
2.0; !:><
Ml t:33
1:1! 3
jH W1
l.S 8:04 :.)
l.l! S.CSj 2.9
».S| 9:5*: 4.0
f Last | Th!» 1
STATIONS. j;i U,>ura 1 S-nson.
i Last
i Season
Eureka j j.y;
Red Bluff j .... $.71
Sacramtnto I .... l.TS
San Francisco 5.12
Frs*no .«
Independence .S3 j
San Lafa Obispo ' 1.S9
Los Anjreles .... .11 !
San Diepc .... ,ti
i 8 .«
4.TS
' 5.80
5.42
.jr
4.U
.«
Ijncfw/OTe' at Co..
FL-NERAU DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
133 Market ?t.. between *th and 3th.
Teltrhone Ecutb Zi7.
tSucceescr to Flannaran & Gallasbaxj
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, MST.
FTNEHAL D1KECTORS AND EMUALMERS.
Ti Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln &_ocL
Tetechone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
nOQMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfurn. j
ROSHDALE House. 313 ani n Ellis *t. -Rooms?
right tic to II. week tl 13 to U: open nljrht.
SHE1UIAN Apa.rt3i«>nt Hocse. 2S EtghtQ *l-
neax Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 1»— Furnished room, ratable for gen-
t!«nan.
ETEVENPON. KO^t- Large sunny front room.
tt: private family; also fttlte, 112.
TAT LOR. Sift-Sunny rood for j^ntlenian, UQ;
I ether*. <_ _d $1S.
TENTH, ill. nr. Market— Lar^e sunny room.
Sr&t*. closet, J«: aJ^o kttciien. ba-throom, $5.
THir.D. 514V- Two larse unfurnished nan;
yard; entrance in rear: rent JS. j
TVRK. 1*8— Furnished room. Tuitab'.e fcr gen-
tlfioa, $i mo. ; also cta-?r rm. fcr 1 or I cent".
TC71K. 5O— Larp» front room neatly furnished;
| rur.nlrjc wit»r; J12; small room, fU.
1 TURK, 803 — Large »l«?ove rcKnn: running- water:
| c'.n**-t_. grat^. gas, batn: also Urge front roox.
ROO31S AVAATKD.
WANTED — S partly furnished B"inny roosts :
kc-^*ekeeplcg: must b« reasonable for re-
| spcnsihte rart!e»: I In fatnilr; vicinity Citv
• Hall. Box 111. Call office.
I SUN'NT unfurnished bedroom. k!:;h?n. litrht
! bas^sprit. yard, for housekeeping' by slr.g'e
j mechanic. Adin>«» r>ix 1S3. Call of£c».
j LADY desires sunny furnished room with stor-
* age; in the >ll«glon. 64 Ada!r st.
ROOMS A.\D HOARD.
i ELEGANT II ' 't'I'P 1 paricrs and othf rocns«:
! mo.?»rn fr-.vate hin-.e; bath. gas. ar.1 board
I first-class: convon:ent tr> park; 2wi Kinutts
\ frtrc the Call.. Ifcax IO. CalU
| ROOM and board. Jl«: bath and gas: prlvat*
j famiiy. JIC 1^ McA!U««r.
' rOAUD ac4 roses at 4Ii Ftrst iu. n-?ar IUr-
f.tca. _____^_____
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
I TOT'NG n-.afh'.nlEt desire? board anl rocm;
'¦ h-rr.e comfort In a prirat* Protestant Chris-
I tlan farr.!!y: *) balMitesf r.-alk northwest of
i Sixth end HowsuM: state term?. B-^x Ii3. OUt
SPEtUL NOTICES.
I'.AI> t?^mt5 ejected for t«: ccllecticns mais;
e!ty rr reentry. PACIFIC '."OLLECTION CU.,
1 4:; Mmtgcrr.'ry St.. rocrns 9-10: «!. 551<».
' P.OC'MS papered frcm K 6ft; whitened Jl up;
¦ ra'.r.tirg dene. Hartrr.an Paint Co.. 313 Third.
SEWING MACH1XES AXD SIPPLIEJ.
ALL klris bought, scld. rented, exchanged ; re-
pair'.rc lowest rates: open even. 3QS Fourth.
) EOL'UKT. • .-.A. rented, repaired; needles and
*hvit>s; rt^uced rates. 141 €:h: phone Mint 43.
; ALL k!r-"» b«?orht. sold and reralrinir guaran-
teed. Cr-g^T>« P!an-berlc. 1V.= Min?ica. nr IS'h.
STOHAGE .VXD WAREHOUSES.
! IEKINS Van and Etcrace Co. 73 Mission st.;
t«'.. Main 1M0: thlpctng at cut rates.
' WILSON ERO5.. storage and moving-; co»?r#J
vans Ter.th an<l Market: phone South 7€I.
r«CIFIC >tcrac- and Furniture Movinx Ccca-
lianr. TiTl WtBxuBtn St.: nhene Jack«on Ml.
SLOT MACHINES.
1 __ — _. — .
I ECUGHT and icld: new and rwind hand; large
C.'.tT'.zy: very cheap. SIT Market, room
TYPEWRITERS AXD BCTPULEa.
I GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^W*
! tell better machines fcr less money than any
kcMse In tht city: rentals. }1. The Typewriter
fc.xcba.rge. iz e California.: teltpboce Main :ii
, ALWAYS targs'.na la typewriters; any make.
•Wrtte for rr".c»s to U i U. ALEXANDEli,
1 HO Mcr.tgcrsery et.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
! PP.OrO?ED CHANGE OF HARBOR LINES,
j SAN FRANCISCO BAT— A 3card cf United
! States Engineers will held a rub'.l? hearing
! la the «f£c- of STATE HARBOIt OOMMIS-
¦ SIGNERS iFerry building) at 10 a. rn. Thurs-
[ <!*?. November 13. 1»5, to consider appllca-
i tlon fcr an s'ivanc* of the existlns harbor
1 line tftwefa Van Ness avenue and Fcisora
i street !n San Franclseo Bay. Arguments for
cr s.s3.iT.sx a. char.** are requested in writing.
: S. M. MANSFIELD. Colonel Corps of En-
r.rf»r«. Pr>sJd^nt of B-tapl.
PROPOSALS.
j PROPOSALS fcr Clothing and Equlpojr*. Depot !
I Q-jartermister'e Of2c*, K New Mcnts-cmery i
rt_. San Fracciaco, Cal., November 5. 1K0 — I
1 Sealed -rt>pe«al9. In triplicate, wilj be received !
1 «t \h:t efnee until 10 o'clock a. rn. Friday !
I Nc-ren.ber 3. 1500. Paciflc Standard Time. ;
: ar.d then c?«j«d, for furnishing Wecl BIsn- :
ktts. Leather Gauntlets, Berlin Gloves. Hat :
Ccrds. L^sslns. Chambray Shirts. Cotton Un-
der Shirts. Woolen Stocking*. Su«pendere. Cot-
; ten Stocking-*. Scrubbing Brushes. Storm and ;
! Recruiting Flags, Recrultin? Fla* Haliiard*. I
i OsUTUOR a-id Pest Flas lialiiards. Quan- i
; titles to t-e s-jbject to an increase of GO »--er I
i cent, if ile5ir«d, ty this department. Un- :
; ruarant»ed bill an-1 biis uj)on samples d'f- :
! f'rics frcm ftandarfs and si>eci2caUon8 on i
: r«j^irt»rr.cnts will, exeert In the cases here- j
inil'er aenticiiel, uztlar no circuuistances •¦
be considered; proposals for less <juantlt:«« ;
; tiin aUvertisei f;r will be entertained. Bi-is 1
will be opened for the delivery cf tns eame ar- '
; ticlta at either tha San Francisco Chicago '¦
Pbi!a;e!rsia cr Boston depots, bat ncn.e wiii
be riven estUidestSoa for deiivery at other '
I pclcts than _r.— named above. Early d»- '
!l\erie« are essential. Pro-sals upon woolen '
rtcci.ins». hea-.-y QjaSity. havira" stainless i
tce» anl TjII •__•_ heela, but ctherwi M '
ccr.fcnr.lns to epeciCcatJons. will a i» 3 t>« i
tr.:ertain*'l. In which ea*e prcposaJs cffertis
euch mu« be accrrnpanlr 1 by sarr;r;.l» Bid- !
<!**¦¦ c^on •crebfcina brushes wtll be permi'- '
ted to e-Jbmit samr-Ies dlCerlnr frcm »p>»cl- ':
flcatJcns and standard requirements. Pr*fer- I
erxe »_ be given to articles of domestic !
pteflOCtten and manufacture, conditions of i
Itrice and quality being equal (Including in I
trie price *>l for».gr» proiuotlon and manufac- I
ture tee .luty thereon), and ruch preference .
will be sivtn to articles cf Araerioan pra- i
ductlcn anl mar.u'aftur* produced en the Pa- ¦
clSc Coast, to the extmt of the consumption
required by the rubiic service th»rs. Tne '•¦
Vnited States reserves the ri«Tht to accept or
reject Er.y c<- ai; {.rcporals or any part there- •
cf. Information and blanks for proposals \
vrVA b« furnished on application. Envelopes
containing propoaaU will b« Indorsed: "Pro- '¦
f«!« Ni. KU.~ and addressed to Major :
OEC.VP. F. LONG. Quartermaster. V. !fi I
\ ols., Cepot Quart"TTraster.
OFFICE cf the engineer. Twelfth Lipnthouse
District. Ban Francia?o. Cal.- Proposals mUXl
ce recel-r-d at this cSGce until 12 o'clock '
noon, on Frliay. Ncv*mb«r SO. O00L aad then !
cpened. rcr the rental of San CJerrseme 1«1- 1
and. Los Angeles County. Cal. (reserved 0/ !
PreglSectlal order aa a l!ghtnou«« reservu- '
tlot). tor a r*rlod cf fire years. Informi- !
tlon and black fcrnis ci proposals may b? -
! had at this office. CKAS. E. L. B. DA\1S. i
Major. Corps of Kmrineers. V. 8. A.. En- :
j rtnecr Tw«lfth Llrhthouf* District.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS, j
Birth, marrlzse and death notices sent by '
r_ii will nit be Inserted. They must be hand<^ '
i tn at eith-r of the publication offices and b<» :
( Indorsed with the name and residence cf per- ;
i sans authorized to have the same published.
BOKX.
i STP.OKiIEIEP.-Ia thSs city, NoYernber 4. 13C0. '
i to the wife of O. Strohmeier, a. daughter.
t TAYLOR— In this city. November 4. IXO, to the
i w.rw cf G»ors<? Isadore Taylor, a daurht-r.
MABRIED.
i MOP.RISSET— W'INCHnLL— In this city. No-
f vtmber U, IStW, by the itev. John A . B. WU-
I r*jfc. EJiund J. llorrissey and Edna Pearl
Wlnchell. both cf San Francisco.
1 i—^ i^
DIED.
Carraher. MSrbael Knapp. Je«se C.
CaysSa. Frsnlt Leary. J- :.n
lJt.Os.son. Ura. 3. B. McNamara, Bryan B.
Douglass. Willlani T. O'Donnell. Festus
E'.llt. Joseph V. CtfRlelly. Elisabeth
Fccte, Blanche Pluaimer. Cyrus M.
Oeary. Henrr T. Kedmond. Mary J.
Hom. Barab A. R*ndsbunt. Ciar.ence I
Huihra. Oc-nstajnce J. Fmith. Mary A.
Holland. Jawi "VVtHRey, Martha A.
Irwtn, Samuel R. Wehrenbenr. D. E.
Kirchner. Rocalie D. WhitUngton. Emma
CARRAHER— In this city. November IX 1900.
| Michael Carraiier, a native of Ireland, ag-ed [
t £2 y*ar5.
FJTIi^rnairs at the parlors of Carew &
Er.grlUh, 41 Van Ness avenue.
CAPSIN— In thU city. Novemb-r 11. 1900. Frank
Ca*si:i. a native cf Call/omta. ared *> years. '
CTTrterids and acquaintances are respect- ;
fuily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tucfiay). nt I:*) o'clock, from Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market, under the aus-
pices of the Society of California Pioneers.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. Remains at :
the parlors of the CaltXornla Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, near Peat.
DICKSON— In tM» city, November 19. 1900, Mrs.
J. B. Dic_on. beloved mother of Fred and
G. W. Dlckson and Jirs. E. M. Griffin, a
native of Scotland, ased 77 years.
E7Friend» e.r.i acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvltvd to attend the funeral thts day
(Monday), at i o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2T;$ Greenwich street, between Brod-
erlck and Baker. Interment National Ceme-
tery.
DOUGLASS— In this city. November 11. 1300. j
at bis residence. 127 Beulaxi street. William
Y., dearly bol-jred husband of Maria Douglas,
a native of New York, a*ed 74 years.
ETNotic* of funeral hereafter.
ELLIS— In this city. November 10. 1300. Joseph
V.. beloved besband of Marrery Ellis, and
father of Mrs. Belle A. Ellis and Mrs. A. W.
Bcntt Jr., ared fl years.
CTHesairn at the paxiom oj H. F. Subr &
PEHSOX.UL3.
PRIVATH fletectlM wcrk: rea«cr.ab> ratef : 13
jesrs' »r-per:pr.c«. J. B. RAY, tt7 Jessie et.
Ai?K *or BXkaattsJasl D. F. Black Euede U.g»e»;
fl rs a r*Jr: c~ja.ra.=teed. m Gram ar«.
: 5 ::.ER'S Fca.no Shampoo It the best acalp
c".<.sr.y*r !n the ¦srcrU. Is package.
SCTFNTIFIC ssa*a»«e trcattE^ct by tr»ln*J
p»> rurtt rrcra the East. XU O*Fa.rr»Il rt.
I B LAKOmri FYench Cera Palat. the best
care: ":. all drcrelsU.
XTV roar c-s.! cf LA.NOE A GOFF. su-?cessr-»
t- VT. Zi WtetxscMa. 1711 Sacto. ; tel. Gutter rTTi.
9OLTE28 d«:r ts vjperfl-joa» hair
• . : • *: '-r.il ireg. MISS EATON, ill* Sotter
PLTITSta -r-i-r cr. WWWBtl Art TaUcr-
-... .^4* Mitt.. uMt- St. Nichola. Hctet.
. '. «llvor. ilamcrilis ar.-l rre'lous stoccs
' ' 3. R JENKEL. ?17 Market n.
:l'MS Esrypt:a= He-.r.a: re«rres my
. . - .- ... r , t ,-- Ai og^y. n . at >n rtrug«;«t^
PHYSlCLiJIB ASP SCRCSOS&;
I :. - 1 HERBERT RKK^r^HTK^rrly^sT^
.'.-» .-.ycitr.ie sanitarium: rcp>:«e<l iru-urebJe
¦--seaseg «--e curgd tr e!»rrtr^ hyrl-r.e.
1 C. ODCNNELL— O?fw"arvi r^sid-nee,
- ;-, v,^v«» »t.. r*Tw»^n PW'M
PRO PERT V WASTED^
-r J .s 'a.r=::rjf thoroughly: r^feresct-.
y :*•:. <*a:t «-fnce.
SEAL ESTATE: CIT-* FOU SALE.
A _ EPECK i~Col ~^~
FOR.... .
4 GOOD TXX i—TKEKTS 4
4. ...4. -.4. ...4... .4.4
I^CT — T"i-ur Sat5 &wsto»=; aii rent-4 for t-»4 -
fr-ti terfiain.
r I»-Tt_;<fr.aou« targala; flats; larfe lot
i : ¦• r-'--;»n; rtcts {&?.
rrv. — t brar.I «w Sats. very !at»rt; east oi
Van N'eas; ie=sel fcr 172 a menth.
....4.. ..GOOD. ...*....
$:;."-*— Grar.1 latnestaaaat east tf Van Ness-
renta tSSti t:* 1 "' Snipravefr-.ent*.
R0, <•'— Inceir.e Silt clear mrrthTy rv»r taxes;
tr.r-ranc*. etc.; firest lsvcsTsier.t ev«»r offtred:
bed tt '-' Toa cax
....4....GCX>D....4...
tT. r 'A— OTer w_te<i: bos!nsis prcp-rty; 4
ml r- ? ar-d S Sars: all vented f-r IT33; ;«rw bl>c_
fj - r.itb ar.d Market sts.
....4.. ..GOOD... .<....
: Cr— Cbe;=*«t Investment ever cff'r<»d Sn our
<-*f-~ Hi th;* aaKJUst: Mfc-fart frr-;; *l«garit
brick aaafl ;rs.me Ir^provemen:* ; all rented at
tow rest tar r»«.
jv- /»v, — Grasd irv^staert ; car. east of Jones;
; • t*"— « SCCO r*r BMBtta ever taxes, tn-
nmrr*r*\ etc.; cTUaran'ee f it 5 years.
4. ...GOOD 4 ...
Arr'y A. M- gPECK 4CO., iff Market rt.
__ Vrn_CT. Bo« IV «» Market rt.
N^w r-stery fcc-j*e. r»ar Bnis*>ed: lot TIxlM;
I • ics fmr. eteetrSe r&atl; JT5C-, or will ex-
Chan£« Cor chick^r: rc^ncli.
v.',: 1 *<>". yea boos* s^i lot anywhere you
wrssx ''¦'¦ t'.ze kr.i price to suit.
Or gi'.t-*ic* f.--:r;a: fru:t: rur.nts«- water.
¦ r-.rr-h-use a e^xxj rxlne.
Or •«-•:! exdiaas* K&ythtnr yj«J have. j:s
Market eU cImbc Rack :r_5; bocn S to I
IF you h**e weS-iocated prcperty is the Vts-
#ics. e:r.fc"?r vacant lets or rur« resid«oc«. aa<l
;ru r*a:;y w^ant ta sell, thea call ce th« usder.
*:irr.ed, W. J. Cl'X.V. Hi CMlSorBto St.
HAVE res rrcrerty !a tbt Pstrerj cr Eiceliicr
Hc=%stEad Tract that yea war.t to s«:i? Thsa
cs.:: en nr, j. ar.vx. er> cai!?«-Eia «.
¦ EACH— 3 eiepant c«w dwelltrjr tspoaea cca-
Snics: 5 rocrr_s and bath, on the east e'.de
Maa;:=!c ave., 1 Hock awctfa of Frederici.
- :¦ BS — Dies! lar^e resldecc*. or couli be
I Into f.its: very sunny: 3?=1I7:€. Call.
- "liEAP: S flats on VaSrfa et.. n*-sx Lea.T-
rt_ I^q*-!re l^S Vallejj rt_
?KRX tou*es lowest price*: plans and
-': : .rr;a*.»y furr.:fh^. Canpb»li. 11C M'.«s!'?a.
nCAL F.«TATE COVXTRV — For Sale
."."V rty and f3U-m» sol-i or 'e'xehasged -
lists, il. GUIFFrX. TI? Market, r 1.
TENANT w«Krf fcr fruit ranch ta Sasta
'':'¦:: ''¦-•J-.ty. A^dre«« Bex ?.*. Call cfT.ce.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE!
fCETSS" ccttape. t rtrj.. bath: let iCXUS: Missies;
-—••»* rer»g»: cr<5 vs--jiriT let. 4U K#»tt!t «t.
It UAL ESTATE WA.VTED.
' r -..VT nirlc ra.T~h li ¦¦"til, cr Sferdrcln^
• .•;. wjtis ?;rnc food land oa jtUlc*. D. S.
IlaYeda advertisements.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
T<~>Tl ?aj» la .UTirniffi TTtwi of € rooms; ici
" -.i.:;.; crciiard asd ehrutb«ry: 3 blocks ta
i*crk ft.; ac-'d cheap; cash or isstal.m<~:t«.
A;?tlj or aiires* il. IL F^, 1X0 XJroa^wej-,
AJasteda.
K5-'«u 'iViLL truy an bo-j»e Ju*t finisljed;
; *. 50xll>; paira a.r.-i b^-^rirs CMU trees. J. H.
NC. cwr.er. Park «.
»;:;i-ALCTlOX price; finest rs-wSera i-rwoai
fctts^e :c AUa*ia; perfect pUirntisc : as* :
:>rat2cr.; X tlocka frcm atatlca ft tl»rh tchoni. !
•¦--¦- -.--TT5 A '». Hurr«. iy.l Part A:eta»d», i
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
CFFICH— HIS BROADWAY.
OAKLASD HOISES TO LET.
GO 3D tss««. Ot list frcs GEO. W. ACS-
r:N & CV. tV^ BrcAiway. Oa^lar.d.
OAKLA\D FIHMTTUE FOR SALE.
AN L=trod3c;l_ to yen frca H. Schetlhaas. th«
?•;— ;:un? dealer, nth ar.d Frar.kUa. Oaitlaad.
UOO5IS JX)R_HOl«EKEEPI.TC.
SUtifEn. z. ta Mnoi bet. 1 n_ _* __-i
n^fjmtshed rocsa aai tith fcr bouse keepira*:;
tea tli Cay; rent li
KZ2RCA. K— K-c« sjBBBy fsrslslied taaenent
hociekeepiri^ rr>cti:s cheap.
S LAFjGE rootDs\, bedro-ara ar.d kitchen, new'.y
is.rervd. axfl furrisbe-l tor hou«keer'."g : reit
11 it- par week. Arr-Sy at «ho* rtore. £^I Mis-
sion rt.. between First and Second sts.
JKATO3CA. Tti — Xir» Sio"-5»k.eeptr;y ro-"iri; rnta
ar.i wife; re^t lew.
2"E2UiT, Z74— 1>o hcuiekeep'^s rootna:
hot ar.d ccld water asd bath.
¦ ¦ |
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. an<! Isfaro.
A-nnr.Vfc"TV!CK Hc-««. ia e:xth-F^Vx«I5c
to SI pfr =:?i-.t: II M to j: ;«r week, and light
«-.-_.>k»»-;?:r.g; ci^er. aU nlrht.
BAT-TLETT. 41* — 5 rurir^- ecsnectlriaT and un-
furr.'.5h»'l housek"^rlns- rooms.
liURXETT. ICi Market (cii No. :2S4)— Fur-
ni#ij»d rtrs. a-alte». eitg'.e: also BEfurcished-
EI-fH. ECO <Tbe Elk)— Chan*-«<1 htr..:*: newly
r*-=ovat«l. nicely fsra. *unay mi, SI E3 to IT ,
*-f»k; & to SI M rJ*rht- MRS. P. RANFT.
BUSH, :4^-E_cy rocn:; pa?, bath. it. la prl-
rat« fjLrsi'.y.
cI\£TRO, £U — Z unfurnished rocnis; csc^Jern;
rent tiw.
CUFFOItn, ?4 E!!:«. ct. MiK3- Hasd*crr.»!y
rurrti*h^i ruany rooir*: price* reaecsafc'.e.
jv^», >:.!. its. ccc £ci> rThe OllTer>— New for-
issVrfl fur.sy rro«-. «rlngtg. »ulteg; regjKjca^lg.
CEAIiY. 4C5 tTbe Navarre)— Eteraatly furcisa^d
rs»; BSta or *::;£:•; travelers aceorr.rr.o'iat'4. .
CJE_XD SOUTIIEEN, soctheart comer S«ve-th
«na ili««j«n «*.— Sunny rDoms. en rutte or
*:rr>; ia^lietr' par-Ior: rea S. Ing-room : elyrarx>r
TOWARD. KC 1 *— Finely f«mi«hed tunny front
bay-trindow rocrr.?. tlO: ft^ao ethers.
IITUE. 467B — Neatly fnrrabfd room; sunny;
private famliy.
JKSfifE, utstairs— 2 eucsy frcst rootss;
r-rt fi i*r TtKrr.tii.
LAGTJKA. 74S-rr.ramSshed pari.ra; eua aU ;
day; x r rivate; quiet; m<yl«re. ¦,
X-AS I'ALMAP. _.<_» Market »t.— Suite cf 2 or 2 j
nr».: private ; bath; rir., rns.: beard optional. ,
X_aY. _V t_T5Fl__ ar.d Mi«!oa— Strea '
roooas; do-ble parlcrs; rent cheap. |
U-MaXJUEBTJES. iT- 1 — ?-rscy- front room, newiy
'tsrrA^in i, w;ti» modern cocTfCieBCcs: private.
XLrCUELUkXD, TS) Turk at.— Changed hands;
nnrty re_,o*. at>^; all rooms facie** either
Turk or Jor.*« tt. : r«-nt re_«onabi*>.
-IINNa, *CT. corner Eljrhtli — New furnfcslied
tay-winaow nx>ia, H per week; transient.
bXtJT ARLINGTOX. lOIi Market «t.-XiceIy
fBTBlata-d ro-jres. 12 a •».«_: iiji; Ce a day up.
' AX. B3C — Larjr* clean hay-window alcove
« ;:»•; tiatlt, c**. n_antel, rcanla*' water; pri-
v_tjp family; ill: ether rooms. J3 and $19.
OTJUU-SLd M— Sunny ftyTil*hed rocnia and
f j e€Bat»j elevator: 'leetrle luthts: day. wk.. rao.
•• KAILHELL. __•»— Ntcely rur_tl«'ne<l front suite.
51m rtjj»r ninny rocrrj.
'- FaUKUIJ.. i-4— NVwIy furni«h*4 rjnny tcite.
'sr.rf* rooms, cuitable ccmpl* or 2 ceRtletaen.
J'.OTAL House. IT6 Kills st- — IncanGescent llsbt:
r«si!Bs-roeni. ecicklntr-room and ladles' par-
r, rocna, per r.t«rht. 25c to tl M; week, 11 to
f> : month. $J to $38; elevator on p-ourd floor;
tv:_ hot aal cs!3 wattr; taths.
»oi'T!!m<?i r.wirtv niJiri.iT.
(rjirirtn »t«t»»t.»
Trskla* ¦»•*• mm*t nrm itiif In »rrti» sts
WA5t Kit *>«¦ I >•»«».
(Main Liit«. r«oa of Mark** Street.)
1UTI — FP.OM N0T_3ZK 7. 1K8. — AXJUTS
•7:00a R-nicik. Siilann. Ehnlrv VacarOe.
P.OJf J «3.t ¦fKr.meu"" *7:t-"J?
*TsOO* Shuu Ex-pif D»Tla. WO^aaistfor
Bir-.le-.J bpctntaX WUlows. E*l
B._. l'crVAi<ti *I.«5r
*~i i3» » MwUi:«s,^an U ix.cn. Y»l>jo. Kap*.
C«ti«".. i»»;il m ::* H. *• *S:l3p
•«:»•» DatU. WchLmI Knishsa Laadlas.
Mtrj»<i.l*. <>ro»i;i^. •7:«T«
•ttiOOt AtU_e Kxpnsa— iKfien aad EmaS •*;!.-»?
•M»i NQ«v. Ii'erxcra, TTacy, Lktlsrop.
8«x*to» »7:13r
•»ta»» S»u Jijss. Iiiermort. Xtocktoo.
lone, fraeraimute. P!&eerrill«.
H»onS>. Chieo. Uct Itinff «4il!»p
**!l»>Ouii*ir,CkbMW,mmvn.CuUn... Mtl»f
•»:•«» H>j«UKt, .NUr* awl VT »j ."tUlioes. * 1 1 : O »
"J:«»* U« Avtuid* Exprecs— Mtrtliica,
Trse*. _Uirep. WacktOsV ll^rc-d
Fr^io «!ul Lcs Ai;=n *~:1V»
•S)t3«4 V«:j-j .. Mm-.I-:-* »:... >V if •¦¦»:«•¦»?
•I »:o«»« Tha Oi«:»ik1 Uwiiml— Otdeo. Dm-
¦>'.t. i> i.iha C£i.-a<> ••*43F
•II:«»\ Nil t. Stncites, "»rii'LV\ M-n-
dota. fnun, Hisford. Tisaiia,
Tcrt«ni:i« *4iI3f
•JI:*O« LtrerBOfv, S*oj«r. Goakea Jnaak
tloa. B*kanfl«Ui. Loa Aa^eles.. ...
tl:OOp Sactvnmio i:it»r *:e,:ifn t9:*><»»
*3>*op H»j*ir.;». h:\-i aad Way bUtloaa. *3;43p
•|:O»r M irsui.', hau »%:u.> .. TaUaja.
N»i"«. r »¦>•••. -i». •,».it» lt:»* *9>I3«
•4«»»r Ii-nic!», Wraten. 4*nui«iit^
XfoutHmttd. Km.IiU iAsdisc.
M>ry»&K ()ft>«Uia *l»: II.
•lt»nr Htywirda, NUfaiMl Pan .los« t* ! «**
•5:00 r >':.<•*. LtTen&oreasd Stcekfn *IO^3\
o.j:«H>r mia*«t UsUted. _ P»*-, N«w
Oiie»u »ad E**v cIViISa
•3:O«pT1m >f*l Umtted— Ti»c|>. Ttttn-y.
HtU*cs£i. i. .i«32tis f'-r imU Uar-
bv*. L< j Ar<-!«* *1»:13*
•3<O«p Sew Otl»au _frssa-l— «n*«!0.
>*;.t* It^rtMt*. Lus Aaaeics. Dem-
ine. El Puo. Kern Oilnas and
_,i 1^»4
• C:O*p !!.»» »»/.!•. SiEeasnd T»n J <i *7il*»
«f»:»Or V .»:'-;.. *ll»«3\
•i,:«i>r(r".-il Mifl-Orisa. Cseyeaao.
<>maha. Ctitotfa **:*3p
••:«OpOr1«nt«t Mail— Ozden. D-n»er.
4,-e*i.». Cbi->w--> **:t3p
•":»»r i.»r- »¦»• •Ji-1 CalifariiU Ki;t-n-'«c.
r>. -t.t .. \l«rj««i.:-!. l:~l'ii]<.
l-ot'Linl. r..gct SotiiKl «n.l l««i *S:434
• « : r>5 P s» a Piblo. P r» •'(>•«. MsrUaes
¦~.l W»» sUUooi •11:<S»
»«M»3r V«lUj" *11j43>
I WIST HMWiA ,N*rrd.t U*ntti.
(fo»itot Mirkit JUeet.>
•StISt NKUl.truUnUKhtnJnw. Friian.
1>j.i il^r »:ree*.-«-:*Ciix«u4 W«f
hUtlot.* ". *•:»•«-
f*il3p Xf «»ri. «>.:«er»'l>, >«ii J. •*. Now
Aliutdeo, i.i ton. Hoaldet Cnwk.
S*u-.* I tat *o«l l»!acir-*l Way
Stations tl«:3S>»
•l:l.1r NMjti, Jn-. L-i (!»!m •»:¦•»•*
at l:43p Human' Exssnion. Saa Jos« aad
Wsy Swtjoai ?2:*9t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr>»!l» F»»JW»3— f*H »f M«r«»l S^sti <!.:, %-, —
•7:15 ».OO liCO..*. {1:33 *2S3 MZZ
•»::3 IS:^ 'J:3r.».
fr»3 0»ILl»-»i*>»'3r«it»'.— *«.M -.CO 13.eOs.if.
m.S3 *i:8: t:?3 -izs tia 'iiu*.
coin Mfmraa <Bmu»;t).
(Thirl and Townseml att)
•«ilo ( ()e«jV;ei,3j;;a.-»:i Friu—M.. |«:3Of
•;:•»» .¦*»•• J.-~ ami Wif s--ii in (Now
Aimflrn TV«ln«Mi*isnnly) *l:SOp
•9:OU> Hut J w T>«s liiioa, Mawta t'ntc.
I*«.-i:ie Urnfa. l*uo K»l>i<a. »*a
Lin* »>(¦!«• ,i. 8arf. Loai^uc mutl
l'r:i ?ir*. «'»»¦<¦«¦.,. i. « *4sl«r
•!•<«•* San Jos* »«1 W»» XtaUotis. Nilii
•I 1:394 tiu J.n^ »i..t Way ~t«-,i.-n» *3:3Op
t«i-t3p8*a M*tr... V.t-l* o',. Meoio Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clan. «*n Jntm.
Tre* Pisoa, >*<.:* Cr«x. daliaaa.
Mou-et-r *i«'» fariBe HrnT* «l«:3t»v
fliMr^uJcwtnd Way Sitii,«.« *T:S«r
il:!3r SaaJo>«aa4Prtnapat; WayHtettoas *9:«3a
t5:o«F 5»a Jo*-. Los Gate* and Principal
WayauUoos t»:Oo»
*3:30p3aaJusaaii>t Principal WajSuUona *»:~*>»
•«:3»p&aa Jca« aad Way Statl.au M o»»
all:(r>> 3»n Joe »ud Way 8tati<ms *?:3a-
A (or Uortiinj P (or A fleraoou.
* D«Jly. • ¦• <>«•'¦ »t «icnted. ! 3aoi»i oasiy.
§ Moodays. Wednesdays. Fridays.
« Taa*d«ys. Thursdays, dnndays.
• Saturday o«J;l
CALIFORNIA NOSTflVESTEBK £Y. CO.
LES3E3
SAS FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.MPA.VY.
TXBCROX FEHRT— FOOT OP MARKET ST.
6an Franciaco ta San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— I:M. l:0>>. 11:00 a. ra.; 1J:J3. I:S3.
I 5:10. «:33 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at U:M
p. m. Saturdays— Extra, tr.z* at i '^. ar.-i
| 8UND.VTS— S:00. »:». U:0O s_ ex; X:SO. J:38. S.Oft.
«:M P. m.
San Rafael to San Franciaco.
'> WEEK DATS-iiM. 7:W. 9:2X 11:10 a. a.; U:«3.
| J:««. J:W ?. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at l:i*
: and 1-V 7. m.
i B'JNDAIS- 1:10, »:?». 11:13 a. m-: l:«K *:«. S:95.
i:ZZ p. m.
Between Saa Frandsco and Schoauea Park.
f tine schedule aj above-
I Lear* j In Km j Arrive
j gaa Francisco, j No*. 7. lXiO. I San FTaacisco.
Week ] Sun- j j 3_- { We**
Days, f days. [ Deatlnatlca. ; daya. j Day».
T:SO am; S*0 am' Norato. :»:« ajnl 1:40 ana
S:30 pni; i:f> arc'; Petalama. [ «. -S pa U:3 am
5:10 pm; »:00 pmj Santa Roaa.; .:» pa; t.H ;a
I Fttltoa. I
::30 am \71ndscr. J13:S ara
Hcaldsburc;.
Lytton. |
Geyserrllle. ,
I s 33 pm »:0O ara) Caveriale. f I:S ra, »:S pa
7:33 am! ' 1 Iloplasi j |
I S*Q am' and Clgah. j T:C poi 1:33 pra
T:3»a_] I po-.S tn
> I.COara Gaeravrille. 1:35 pmj
VJSS pm| j j t-.n pa
7:31a 1 1:50 am! Sonoma I frliam' 8:« asi
i ( — d J \
¦:10 pm! g.-MpmT Gles Ellea- j <K»pm, 1:52 pa
7:£)aa' S:COa=a! {W:Waa .llfcSS am
t:39pm;' 5:C0pm: Sebastopol. i 7:J3 pm; i.TZ pa
Stages connect at Sacta Bt^sa tor Mark Ws»{
Sjrinc* sjad 'W*h!t» Sulphur Sprlcg»: at FUltoa
i for AUroria: at Lrttca for Lytton Sprtn^s; as
Geyiervlile far glca^ss Sprtsrs; at Clorer_l«
for the G?ysera; at Hoplaad f3r Duaca.T
i Spring. HUhlaad Sprlegs. KelseyvUle; Carls-
bad Sprinrs. ?t«ia Bay. LaJwport and Bartl^tl
Eprinft»: at TJTiiah tor Vlcliy Springs. 33_-y.'£-»
Parings. Blu« Lakes. Laural E'eil Lai-. "Witttr
gprlaa^. Upper L«Jce. Porno. Potter Vailsy.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley"!. Buclts»i;"s.
S ir.>.edrla HeUJjta. HuUTllle. Orr'a Hot Sprlajs.
Mer.i.<:r.o City. Fort Brar?. Wwtport. Csai.
•WUlets. Laytaarlle. CBramtan. Bell's Sprlass.
Hir-is. Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rousd-trip ticket* at r«-
tf-uced rate*.
On Sunday*. nw_-tr!? tickets to all pcteu
berond San Ravfae! at half rates.
Ticket of See. CO itark«t st-. Clir3nle!» VjIUV
lB S . R- X. RTAN.
H. C WHIYiyq. Gea. Pa**. Agt.
Gea. Mazaxer.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sousat'to F«rry.
Ccmmencinj September Ji>. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
AN'D SAN RATAEL.
WEEK DAT*— «:53, *»:li. U.Od a. m_ *1:*S»
»;li «:«•. i:13. *«:15. «:iO p. m.
EXTRA TSSPS— For Mill Valley _3 Saa
F.afa*l on Monliya, Wadacadays Sa:«
crdaya at »:C0 anl US p. m.
SUNDATS— •S:«0. »13:W. *I1:» a. _. '103.
J:li. •*:«. t.10. »:J0 p. ra.
Trains marked (*> roa ta San Qn«:!x
FROM SAN RATAEL to SAX VRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— »:». -4J8. 7:45, »:» a. m..
•13:M. 1:43,. 1», 4:». S:!3 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. We_e»lay*
ar.-t Saturdays at C:43 and 10:24 p. m.
SUNDAYS— V20. «5:C0. "ISlOO. "Ultt a, «L«
•J.«. -3:U. ?:**. •«:» p. m-
Train* marked •*! start frnrn San Qnentla.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-«:45. «:45. 7:5a. »:» a. _,
K:S3. Wft 3:». * '*. l& P- «•
EXTRA TRIP3 en Mondays. ¦Wednesday*
o.tA Faturdaya at 7:10 and 19:23 o. m.
?L'.VDAT6-5:ti, 13.-<B a. =x. 12:QS» 5:15. l-X.
t:CO. £:*J p. m.
THROrGH TRAINS.
<:SS a. ex week dayt— Ca_d*ro aad waj ata>
tier*.
1:*5 p. m. EaLtsrdays— Tomalea asd way sts»
tlons.
S:00 a. m. Susdsys — Torxalea aad way ata*
Santa Fe
Trains— D a «y
LeaT» ilaxk*t-«tr»et Ferry Z>epc<.
Lt,. Ban rraadaco-i »:» a m!4:W P b| S:« P m
Arr. Stockton U» p m .:Upm t n.fl» pra
•• Merced in I".*S P ni — —^— l-H * «>
- Fresno ."*._ «:?» P m J:flS » n»
: S-Pifs ]_s
•• r>e=v»r 10.ee a m — — — —
~ Kaasaa City— S:1S p za
- Chicago 7:*>»m
> a. _ train U Ui« Overland Krprwa. Corr*-
KKjadlar iraJa arrives at • p. m. daily.
4MB m. U Stockton LocsJ. CorTwpandls*
w ,. u i?t_. I ?«i dl i»_«a.id =xpr«^
wlia Sl'eeptnK Cars fcr bota cities. Corr-»pca4-
ter train arrives at i a. a.
OVFICES-«1 Market ft aad la Ferry Dtpa*»
fan rril!1'r""» : lut Pr <^' !wi >y» Oaklan-i.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABSI *T. Km_sbe<t
In 1S*» tor thm tnaunentof Prtvat*
Disissra.LotMAjtuxxl Debility or
i.llsi.««'i »¦«)¦ I tnaon body aad ralaaiad
Skin OiaeaaoaL TtM dectorenrcswhen
oUi«ra_L Try brm. Cbar?** tow.
Careonarant**!. CaJlorwrlu*
Or. J . * . ulUUOS, Box 1937,S_ Fuacj^
Co.. 11C7 MIcsion street, between Seventh and
Eiehth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
rcOTK— In the City and County Hospital »No-
\err.lor 11, 1X<\ Blanche Foote. a native of
California. as«d tl years.
GEARY— In this city. November 18. 13C0. Henry
Thomas, b*ljTe<3 husband of Margaret H.
Geary, and deirly beloved father cf Maggie
i T. G*?.ry, a native of Ireland, aeed 70 years,
rm he funeral will teke place this day
| <ilonrlay), at 9 o'cloc*. from fcis late resl-
d»n<re. Clj Point I^obos avenue, thence to
Holy Cress Church, Edtiy street, near Scott,
where a ruiuiem h'.^h mass will be ce!e-
brate-1 tor the rep..«4 of his sou! at fr:20
o'clock. Interment private. Please emit
HOAG-At La Marietta Vineyard, Fowler.
Fresno County, Cal., November W> 13O<\ Sarah
Ann Hoag, mother cf Mrs. D. W. Parkhurst.
and si?ter o' Mr?. P. S. A3bury.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HtGHKS-In thi- city. November 11. 1500. Con-
ftar.ee J.. <J«arly belove<l wife of David
| Bosttes. a native of Devonshire, England,
. a^fi iZ years.
I C7"FTienis and acquaintances are resrect-
' fuliy Invited to att«-t!«l the funeral to-morrow
/ tTu**aay>. at 2 o'clock, frcm the funeral par-
[ l^r* cf TYie-^dx- IMerks. S57 Mission street.
; between Titth and Sixth. Interment Ma-
| son!c C»"rn*tf-ry.
; HOLLAND— la this city. November 10. 1300.
! J&TT.ifs Holland, a native of England, aged
i SO iears.
C^"Frifr.3s and acquaintance? are respect-
t fuiiy notified that the funeral takes plac-
I this day (Monday), at I o'clock, from the
j funeral parlors of Valente. Marinl & Co.,
, 1ZM stivft, n*ar Union.
I IRWIN— In this city. November 10. 1>», Samuel
I R., bslovetl husbar.d of Lottie J. Irtrin. and
[ father of Clifford B., Fred D.. Oyie W..
! Chester and Raymond Irwin. a native of
i Pittsburgr. Pa., aged 52 years and * months.
j <rrrr:;;rKl. Or., pacers p!ea»e copy.) ¦
KT'Frfesds and acquaintances and members
1 of Fairmrurt Lc«ls* No. i;S. K. of P.. are
j r*spect?ully invited ta attend the funeral
I Utla day (Monday), at 2 o'clock from his
t lat* residence. 45 HI!! street, thence to Odd
; Kellow^- Cerretery fcr cremation,
i KffiCHSIR-Ia this city. November U. l*?0.
1 Il<-_!ie t)orath«a. youngest and beloved
i dasj^ter cf Cbauta and Dcrath*a Ktrchner.
and slst»r of Kenneth ar.J Georslna Kirchner,
a native of Saa Francisco.
KNAPP— In this city, November IU 1500, Jesse
c.. beloved boabend of Marsaret Knapp, and
father of G^rtruie and Elsie Knai p. and
brother of O. J. and E. E. Knapp, a. native
I cf California, asm « years.
L EARY— In thla ctty, November 10. 1S00. John
stioved son of Denis and Kl!za.beth Leary. a
native of can Francisco, aged 19 months and
13 days.
/*P r '^ 11 * fun « raI wlJ l take place this Cay
<Slonaay>. at 10:;O o'clock, from the residence
: or ..he parents. iTj Tehama street. Interment
private.
McNAMAR.v-In this city, November 10. Wfi,
; Uryan B., beiov*a husband of Catherine Mc-
i and father of John and Annie Mc-
-Namara. Mrs. M. Kefaoe and the late James
ana Ellen McNamara. a native of County
Ropcoc-.ir.cn. Ireland, aeed 7s years.
C/Fner.d* and acquaintances are respect-
j ruiiy mvitfl to attend the funeral this day
«Mon-Jay). at »:3u o'clock, frcm his late resl-
I ..f 110 *' *** £rie street, thence to St. Charles
j Churcfc, where a requiem high mass will be
I celebrated for the repoee of his *oul. com-
! mencing at i ©"clock. Interment San Mateo
| County, by 10:40 oclwk train from Third, and
| jMit.kiiI streets. Please orait flowers.
; O'DONNELL— la Ulciah. November i. me. Fes-
t-js o'HohmU, beloved husband cf the late
-Jary O'Donnell, and uncle of Mrs. Mary
(-w^nolly, a native cf County Galway. Ire-
land, ajjed *0 years and 2 months.
t>"FTj«ads sind acquaintances are respect-
| fuii>- InviteJ to attend the funeral this day
(UoxuSayX ai l^SI o'clock, from tne parl«>r»
ct J. S. Goieau. 305 Montgomery avenue.
thfnce to St. Krigid's Church, where services
w-jll b- h-Id. Interment Hcly Cross Cemetery.
i O'RIELLY— In this city. November 10. 1300,
I Elizabeth O-RieUy. beloved mother cf Mrs.
! C. Cornell, Mrs. M. Lane and the late Thomas
: CRlelly. and grandmother of Daniel E. and
Polly Bourke, Joseph C. Ctonnell. Thomas,
Teas'. e, Frar.uis and Nellie ORlelly. Mrs. W.
; Gannon and ilrs. K. GoodfeiJow. a. native of
Rathclare, rariah of Butterant, Ciumy Cork,
. Ireland, azed l-^> years.
CT'Friends ac-1 acquaintances are respect-
I fully ir.Tited to attend the Mineral this day
; (Monday), at 9 oclcck, from her late resf-
i <ienc», 197 O'Farrell strieet, thence to the
! cathe<lral. wh»r« a solemn requiem mass will
! be celebrated for the I rinias) of her soul com-
tr.er.cins at 9:I-j o'cloclt. Interment Mount
[ Calvary Cemetery.
PLL'ilMER- In this city. November 11. 1»),
Cyrus Msody. t«lo\>d husband of Maria C.
Plummer. and father of Airs- Nellie Havlin.
: Mrs. Grace Richardson. Hattl« A.. Mslien
and AlvSn Plurantr. a native cf Ba:h. Me.,
: aj^d TZ yean- i months and 4 days. (Boston.
( New York. Philadelphia and Bath. Me., papers
plfraye copy.)
CyNotfce of funeral hereaft-r.
REDMOND— In this citv. November 11, 1X0,
Mary J., beioved wife of M. F. Redmond,
a native of Philadelphia, aged •»» years 1»
months anl 1~ days. (SpringaeM, IU., papers
plea*^ copy.)
CV Friends ani acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atteni the funeral to-morrow
(Tuwiay). at 3:H o'cScck. frona her late resi-
dence, Ml Eddy street, ther.ee to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repese of her soul, cozn-
mencinsr at 14 o'clock. Interment private.
RETND^BURG— In th!s city. November IL 19C0.
Clarence, dearly beloved aon of John M. and
Grace Renlsburg, a native of San Francisco,
a?e.1 ? years and 3 montas.
SMITH— In tfcii city. November 19. 13C0, Mary
A., beloved wife of the late John M. Smith,
mother cf Joha W. and Mathiaa Smith and
the late George Smith, and sister cf Jchn J.
Jordan, a native of England, a&ed SO years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral this day
tl!oncay), at "S.20 o'clock, from her late resi-
C>rc*. 107 Gilbert street. lh»nce to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will b*
celebrated for the repese of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
¦WHITNEY— In this city, November 11. 1900.
Martha A., beloved wife of John B. Whitney,
and mother of Eila. Lsulsa and Frank E.
Whitney, a native of Albany, N. Y., acred 46
years and 2 month*, (Chicane, Rochester
and HufTalo. N. Y.. papers please copy.)
CyFrisnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ta attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. ?3TD Valencia street, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth.
WEHREXBERG-la thts city. November ».
ISO), Dieuerich E. Wehrenberg. & native of
Germany, aced "t years.
CT Friends and acquaintances and members
of rit. Marku« Church and St. Markus Frauen
Vereia are re«r*ctfullj- invited to attend the
fureral to-tnerrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock,
frcm St. Markua Church. O'Farrell street.
between Gougrt and Franklin. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of H. F. Maas. SIT Mission street, near
Fifth.
TVHITTTNGTON— In this city. November II.
V*Xi, Emma Whittineton, a natlv« of Vir-
gicla._as-"l_SS_years.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. j
K Stearaers leave Broadway ' 1
whirf. San Francisco:
r-s^r^ F-.r Ala.-iCi.-. Pc.-t*— 1; a. s: .
r^r^5^^fek Change to c:rrr*r.;.-'« «:*ii2i»ri I
If§^c|j^| Fcr Victoria. Vancouver 'B. ', .
IV^rsZ^f^Hi C.». Pert Townsend, .-»at:>.
f^^^^jSt* Ta:crr.a. Krerett. Anacortei |
and New Whatcora <Wash->— |
11 a. m.. Nov. 12. 17. fj. ST. !
Dec. 2. and every Kfth day th«»r<»art«r. C.-van** • (
at Seattle fcr this company's steamers for '¦: «
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle cr Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P. Ry. ' .
For Enreka. Huciboldt Bay — I p. m.. X"t. i '
?. 14. 13. I*. 2?, Dec. 4, aad every Sftb. day '
thereafter.
For San Dlftro. stoppirt: only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Aiiplwi and Redondo «Lo« An- '
Sties)— 9 a. in.. Xov. 9. 14. IS. II. 15. IS. and I
every Sunday and W*e,ines*lay thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Mocter»y. San S'.mecn, C«ya- 5
ccs. Pert Harford (San Luis Ob!sp>j>. Ga»tota. ¦
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenern*. San Pedro. !
lla*: San Pedro (Los Anreles) ai..'. Kewport— » ',
a, m.. Xcv. 11, IS. n. Tl. n. a». and every Tues-
dty and Friday thereafter.
For Ensenada. Maz'ia>rs Bay, San Jose d»l i
Cabo, Masatlan. Aitata. La Pax. Santa RoeallA I
and Gnaymas (Mexico)— H a. m., 7th of earh <
month.
For further lnfarmatloa obtain company's I
f< Iders.
The company reserves the H«rnt to cnanm f
steamers, tailinjj d^tes and hours of sailing
without previous netfe.
TICKET OFFICE —4 N>w MonUamery
street (Palace Hot's!).
COODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
IS Market yt.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMEB3 TO
PORTLAND
Frcm £j>*ar-street W'harf a: 13 a. m.
CADE £ '2 First Class Including Berth
rrtflL SS Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov. H. 14, Dec. 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov. J, 13. »
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butts.
H?!rna and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Kast.
E. C. WARD. General A**nt.
O3 Market street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COB- <
Ot«r First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. i
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKONG. calling at !
Kobe (Hiogc). Nairasakl and Shanghai, and 5
connecting at Hongkcnr with steam«r» fcr In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on beard oa day ,
of sailing.
ES. HONGKONG MART?
Tuesday. November U. 1>» |
SS. NIPPON MARU ¦
Thursday, December I. 1300 I
SS. AMEP.ICA MARC
Satarday. December 3. 1*M
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at re-luce<3 rates. For
freight and pawase apply at company's offic*.
43 Market str^t. corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. Cen-ral Af«nt.
AMERICAN LINE.
H1W TOM. MBTH11FI05. LOSDOS. PA_1 |
Stoppics at Cherbou-s. wesiboursA ;
From New York Exery Wednesday. 11 *. m.
St. Louis Not. 141SC Loula. Dec. 5 a
Ve-a- Tcrk Nov. nlNew Tor* t>«o. IS
St. Paul Nor. :V£t. Pan! Dec 1> ]
BED STAR LINE. !
New York and Antwerp. 3
p-rom New York Every Wedne««day. U' noon.
Ccuthwark Not. 14 Noordland Dec 5 3
WXernland ...Nov. 21 FrieslancJ Dec 12 ,
Kensinjctcr. Nov 3 Scuthwark Dec. U
For fr-lsrht and ra?-«are apply *<» I 1
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery «t_ Or «ny cf ita agents. j 1
y»vuaivv«v«wv» Di3EcrusrTaiAum i
SS. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu. Samoa. Xew I •
Zealand and Australia ; |
Wednesday. November !l) p. a I
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
Tuesday. December 4. 4 p. b j 1
S3. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu «n!y>..^
Monday. December t * r. ta. 1
J.0.S?EEGSflS&2E0S.EO.,Agti^T:tbtGS3,543Eart2tSt ' ,
Ffti^t Grca. 321 Kar _t SL. Ktr Ia, 7. ?_iSc SL I •
30H7AOTIS 6EJHK*!.-: TIHSSATIJU!T;aC2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _-v«a»
Saillnf every Thursday. Instead cf
Saturday, from Novcraber 2. IS33. at •^•Mfe» j
11 a. ra.. fram Pier 4!. North River, foe* of
Morton street L'AQCITAINE. Not. 8. First-
class to Htrre. lii and upward. F«-eond
class to Havre. *4* 50 acd upward. GENERAL
AGTNCT FOR UNITED STATES an>l CAN-
ADA. JI Broadway (Hudson building), New
York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Af>nl>. S Montgri^ry avenue, gan Francisco.
EAT AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. HAYY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello. **
HON.. Tuts.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:tt
a. m.. J:15, S.-tt p. m. (e«. risars. oixht); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. attd $:»: Sundays. 10:3d a. ra.. j
p. m. Landlns; and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pi»r No. 2. Teler&one Main ISM.
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
Leaves Saa Francisco, via Saasallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS....i:li a. m.: 1:45 _d 4:00 p. _
SUNDATS S:«, 13:00. U:£> aad 1:U p. m.
Fare. Baa frandseo to Summit and Rstura.
O40L
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket olfices, O ilsrkr t it. SaosaUta Fcr**Volumes of smoke Issuing from the
building occupied by the Swlas-Itallan
Colony's winery last night caused much
commotion In the neighborhood of Pa
cific and Sansome streets. A Htm alarm
was sent in and Engine 1 responded it
wa ?*^ un^ that v a 9 uantl ty of sulphur had
Ignited after the departure of the work
ingmen. No damage was done
Sulphur Ignites in Winery.
building, and with a squad of officers
Captain Douglass effected his capture
Quinn, the. child murderer, was arrested
and Baved from a mob of lynchers by the
captain and Detectives Jones and John
Coffey. "Chicken", Devine. a notorious
character, was also captured by Douglass
During the Goldenson excitement Captain
Dou^ la i 8 'Prevented ¦¦ the mob . which sur
rounded the County Jail from securing th«
murderer/ - .
escaped from the County Jail In the ,*70 # s.
The Brothertons robbed the safe of Tread
well, the rich hardware man, and were
awaiting sentence. They were retaken on
the Mission road and afterward served a
short term in - 6an Quentln. being par
doned for their good work during a tire at
the prison. : .'.'¦¦'
'Douglass also arrested Miller, the treas
urer of the Southern Pacific, who had ap
propriated more than - a million dollars
from the company. Miller was. locked up
In the private stairway . of ¦ th» - railroad
IHBHBlflHBBHEEBSBrf&BBHUaHBMBBB
THE LATE CAPTAIN WILLIAM Y. DOUGLASS. HE WAS FOR THIRTY
SEVEN YEARS A MEMBER OF THE ' SAN FRANCISCO POLICT
DEPARTMENT AND MADE MANY IMPORTANT ARRESTO" POLJCB
A reception will be tendered by the
State and city Red Cross societies to Mrs.
J. Ellen Foster of the board of control of
the National Red Cross -association of
"Washington, D. C. at the'Sorosis Club
1620 California street, on Wednesday af
ternoon, November 13, from 2 to 5 o'clock
All friends of the Red Cross Society are
invited to be present.
Reception to Bed Cross Leader.
Robert McNeill,*a young boy, was ar
rested by Policeman G. W. Meyer and
Special Officer M. Hussey yesterday and
charged with burglary. The young culprit
climbed over the iron gate in front of the
cigar store at 144S Market street at an
early hour in the morning. He was seen
by a man named Bradly, who Informed
the officers. The latter found the lad with
his pockets full of chewing gum and thir
ty-three nickel-in-the-slot slugs. The boy
gave his address as 21S Jones street. He
also said ho had been accompanied by an
other boy named Tony Goger, living on
Martha place, off Taylor street. Captain
Spillane sent him to the Hall of Justice
for further investigation.
Climbed the Iron Fanes for Gum.
Evans' Ale and Stout
Mark highest point reached In ale brewing in
dustry of the world. All dealers supply them. •
The Star of the Sea bazaar will close
to-nlght at Native Sons' Hall. It is ex
pected that there will be a large crowd in
attendance at the closing ceremonies. A
prominent auctioneer has kindly donated
his services to sell off all the goods that
have not been purchased during the few
short weeks that the fair has been open.
There are still a number of handsome
articles left and they will :ill be sold
without reserve. To-day the last "Busi
ness Men's Lunch" will be served from
11:30 till 2 p. m. The ladles who have
charge of the refreshments claim that it
will be the choicest menu for the price
ever served In this. city. The meal will
only cost twenty-live cents and those who
take lunch in Native Sons' Hall will be
helping the cause of charity.
Fine Lunch, for a Quarter.
EX-POLICE CAPTAIN DOUGLASS
IS CALLED TO HIS LAST REST
WILLIAM Y. DOUG
u LASS, a ' '43 pioneer, and for
B . thirty-seven years a member of
\ ti^y the San Francisco Police De
partment, during most of which
time he acted as an executive officer, died
at his residence, 137 Beulah street, yes
terday afternoon after a lingering illness.
Five years ago Captain Douglass was re
tired from the police force. He had
grown old In the service, and. the Police
Commissioners having: decided to Infuse
younger blood Into the executive ranks ot
the department, it fell, to him and Cap
tains Short and Stone to be placed on the
pension list.
At first the veteran was determined to
oppose the action of the Commissioners,
but finally retired to private life.
Captain Douglass was . an inveterate
smoker, and soon after his retirement be
came afflicted with smokers' cancer. An
operation wa3 performed on his throat,
but the malady had taken a strong hold
and the use of the knife had been resorted
to too Jate. Physicians could give no re
lief, and for the past few years the vet
eran knew that death was near and but a
ques;ion of time. Up to the last he re
tained his faculties, and until quite re
cently would take his dally wa'lk about
Golden Gate Park near his home.
Captain William Y. Douglass was born
In ;\ew Ycrk June 30, lSit*. He chose a
eeafarir.g life, and on August 1, 1S«, ar
rivt',i at this port as second mate of the
8h 'P I'acifie. anions the passenpers of
which were R. H. Miller Jr., Mark Hop
kins and Arthur M. KDbetts.
Becoming seized with the gold fever, as
was usually the case in those days, Doug
lass went to Mormon Island, on the Amer
ican River, and took a hand at placer
mining. He fell yick and returned to
the city. He took command of a vessel
cn a voyage to the Sandwich Islands and
back. That ended his seafaring life. On
December IS. TSo6. he was appointed to
the police force. In less than two years
afterward, on August 16. 185S. he was
promoted to the position of captain, whicii
he held continuously until July 31. 18Hi>,
when he was retired on a pension by the
Board of Police Commissioners.
On the I4th day of the month following
his retirement Captain Douglass was pre
eented with a diamond ring and a pouch
containing $500 by Sergeant Birdsall, on
behalf of the members of Company A. In
thanking tbe men for their testimonial
Captain Douglass refered to his long ser
vice in the department of thiry-slx yeais,
eleven months and fourteen days. He had
in that period experienced pleasant times
and disagreeable times, he said. He had,
he supposed, been rough with the boys,
at times, but he could only say it was for
their own good, and not for personal rea
sons.
Captain Douglass had grown up with
the department, and had never be^n
ashamed to say that he belonged to it.
"I wae dropped from the roll." said the
ex-captain. "I could not conscientiously
resign, as It would have been an acknowl
edgment that I was either mentally or
phyEically disqualified, which I consider I
am not. I shall always be with you 11.
epliitv My sympathies shall always bo
with the department, wherever I may be."
At the conclusion of the speech the com
pany Joined in singing "Auld Lang Syne,"
and as each man shook bands with him
¦Jn turn the retired captain broke down
completely.
Captain Douglass made many Important
arrests during his long: service as an of
ficer. He was In the posse which captured
tbe notorious Brotherton brothers, who
DESPERATE BUT VAIN EFFORTS OF TWO BURGLARIOUS COOKS
TO ESCAPE FROM PURSUING SPECIAL POLICEMEN HARPER
AND LAMBERT, AFTER ROBBING A BOX CAR. *
which they had just been caught In the
act of vlolatlns.
Special Policemen Harper and Lambert
were patroling their beats in the vicinity
of Fisherman's wharf at 3:30 a. m., when
their attention was attracted to a box
JOHN BRADY and Edward Shea,
cooks by occupation but burglars
from choice, took an early morning
plunge Into the cold waters of the
bay yesterday In a vain effort to es
cape from the clutches of the law,
By this time Policeman Edner, attracted
by the shots, arrived on the scene and
sent In a call for a patrol wagon. The
half-drowned prisoners were hurried to
the City Prison, where, after belnjc
charged with burglary, they were stripped
of their wet clothing and given blankets
to keep them from freezing while their
wearing srpparel was being dried out. For
several hours the discomfited prisoners
sat around on the cell benches swathed In
blankets like Egyptian mummies in ap
pearance, and as uncommunicative."
Harper and Lambert were astonished at
their unexpected action, but immediately
took steps to rescue the rash burglars,
and by prompt work soon landed them
both on terra firma once more.
The two thieves dashed down the near
est wharf with their pursuers close at
their heels, and arriving at the end
plunged Into the bay without the slightest
hesitation.
The two specials quickly unllmbered
their artillery and started In pursuit. They
shouted to the fleeing thieves to atop, but
Brady and Shea were In a hurry and paid
no attention to the command; neither did
they pay any attention to the bullets that
were sent whistling over their heads other
than to accelerate their speed. They threw
away a number of cans of condensed milk,
which they had stolen from the car, in
their efforts to escape, but finding that
the policemen continued to gain on them
they suddenly turned and made directly
for the water.
car on the Santa Fe Company's tracks,
which had been broken open. As they
were approaching the car to continue their
Investigation Brady and Shea jumped out
an* started to run.
Police Officer T. J. Connell of the Mis
sion division has added one more notch
to hts record by the capture of a street
robber. Shortly after midnight yesterdaj
morning Connel!, while patrolling his beat
on Mission street, near Eleventh, saw a
lady running; alter a rasai who was ungal
lanily trying to Ret away from her. Con
r.ell joined in the chase and after a sharp
run of three blocks overhauled the fugi
tive on Natcma Ftreet, near Tenth.
The runaway, on being confronted with
the lady, v,-ho cave her name as Mrs. F.
G. McCann, residing at Twelfth and How
ard streets, was identified as the one who
had snatched frcm her hand a purse con
taining $1 10. On beins: searched at the
Seventeenth-street station the purse and
10 cents were found on him. The $1 was,
however, missing.
The thief grave the name of Hugh Tier
nan and stated that he was a painter by
trade. A charge of robbery was placed
against his name on the prison register.
SNATCHES ULDYS PTJBSE
AND BUNS AWAY WITH II
Thief Is Captured by Police Officei
Connell, Who Promptly Pur
sues Him.
BURGLARS PLUNGE INTO THE BAY
IN ATTEMPT TO ESCAPE POLICE
John Brady and Edward Shea Fished Out of the
Water and Locked Up at City Prison.
It is almost certain that coal gas had
accumulated in the coal bunker, for the
place is practically air tight, and that late
at night, under some unusual strain, the
fuses burnt out, the spark firing the gas,
the resulting explosion shaking the
ground and bursting everything in its
way.
Such an explosion has happened in the
vaults of electric companies in one or
two instances. The last one was at one
of the "central" stations. Some gas had
accumulated, a fuse burned out, the
spark fired the gas and the explosion,
having no other way to waste its force,
blew the manhole cover fifty feet into the
air. That was a small explosion; the one
yesterday morning was a big one.
Yesterday morning the place was a
wreck. The force of the explosion had
blown the deadlights out of the sidewalk,
leaving a hole four feet square opening
into the coal bunker below. It also blew
coal all over the basement. It burst in
the door of a closet beyond the elevator
shaft, and then rushing through a door
way in the concrete bulkheads, it burst
In the doors of some lockers fifty feet
away from the coal bunker. It reached
into one of these lockers and took a steel
tool from where ft rested and flung It
clear across the room. It tore off the
door at the head of the stairway and
flung it half way up the flight of marble
steps that leads to the second floor of the
building. It burst in the big double doors
leading from the vestibule into the big
office on the first lloor and broke the
glass panels in the doors. It blew out
the big semi-circular transom above the
main doorway, broke the glass panels of
the main doors and strained their locks
to the breaking point. It burst in the
lower end of the elevator shaft and it
carried dirt and coal dust up the shaft
until it bespattered the walls at the
eighth floor. .
The cause of it all, according to gen
eral belief — the converter — is about the
only thing around the place that was not
moved or apparently damaged. It Is a
solid iron box standing about four feet
high, eighteen inches wide in one direc
tion and two feet in the other. The lid
ia a solid iron plate. At 2 o'clock yes
terday afternoon the lid was lying askew
on top of the converter. Some people
who saw It thought it had been blown
off, but it was not. Two eye bolts held
It in place, and these were lying on top.
Their threads wwe. uninjured; had the
top been blown off they would have been
stripped smooth as a turned bolt unless
the bolts themselves broke. But the bolts
did not break, nor did the lugs into which
they screwed; nor were the screw threads
In the luga stripped or broken. It was
apparent that some one had unscrewed
the bolts and had taken off the lid of the
converter, perhaps to look into it. and if
some one had had to take off the lid of
the converter, how was it that the thing
-exploded with such force as to blow doors
oft their hinges, burst holes in the side
walk and scatter coal dust all over the
building?
Had those who Investigated looked a bit
further they would have seen on the wall
above the converter a switch plato wUh
three wires running over it, with no fuse
on two of them and but a remnant on the
third.
The converter rests under the sidewalk,
occupying part of one of the compart
ments between the concrete arches; the
remainder of the compartment is occu
pied by a coal bin in which are four or
five tons of coal. The compartment has
no ventilation except through the door
way that leads into the basement proper,
and its walls are of concrete. There Is
an elevator well next to the coai bin,
closed at the sidewalk with Iron doors.
These were bolted. The only other open
ing into the basement is a door opening
into the vestibule of the building on the
Sansome-street side and reached from the
engine room by a narrow stairway. The
engine room contains the elevator hoists*
two accumulator tanks for supplying
pressure to the elevator rams, and the
boiler.
¦ The cause of the explosion that occurred
in the basement of the Mutual LJfe
building. California and Sansome streets,
at 1:30" o'clock yesterday morning, shak
ing the entire neighborhood and creating
the impression that some one had tried
to blow up a safe, Is still a mystery.
Fire Marshal Towe believes that the
"converter," an instrument used to regu
late the electric current from the main
line as it flows to the lights in the build
ing, exploded. This theory would- prob
ably explain the situation If it were not a
fact that the converter is still Intact and
for the further fact that electricity does
not explode; it may burn and flash, but it
never explodes, and the wreck of the
basement of the Mutual Life building is
undoubtedly the result of an explosion of
tremendous force.
Police and Firemen Believe It Was
Caused by Electricity, but Coal
Gas May Be Respon
sible.
Strange Upheaval In Mutual
Life Building Still a
Mystery.
TRYING TO FIND
A SOLUTION FOR
THE EXPLOSION
The funeral, which will take place to
morrow, will possibly be held under the
auspices of the Masons at Masonic
Temple.
The deceased had been ailing for some
time, and heart lai'ure was the immedi
ate cause of his death. He had been a
prominent figure in Republican State pol
itics for a number of years, and " was
considered no email leader of his party.
"Joe" Ellis was immensely popular
wherever he went, and with quiet and
courtly manner made hosts of friends. lit
¦was a prominent Mason, and also be
longed to the Workmen. He leaves a
•vrife. who resides In this city, and two
daughters. Mr6. A. \V. Scott Jr. and Miss
Belle A. Ellis.
Joseph V. Ellis, for the last tweny-five
years secretary of the State Board of
Prison Directors of San Quentin, died
last Saturday at the Waldeck Sanatorium.
Held Office Under Prison Directors
for Twenty-Five Years
and Is Deeply
Mourned.
Secretary of San Quentin
Succumbs at Waldeck
Sanatorium.
JOSEPH V. ELLIS
PASSES AWAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1900.
10
t\tince-meat-^fnw»^-5ib paiis 65c
Tooth paste— Cherry 15c
The popular London tooth wash
— reg'iy aoc jar
Hamamelis— \ pint 15c— pint 25c—
quart 40c— best extract of with hazel
Our November Illustrated catalozua
quotes prices on everything we sell-
get it to order by— free for a postal
4)s P|n« ij« Suttar «3oo California Saw Fraadw*
¦073 Clay botw»«n Eleventh and Twelfth OakUaJ
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. ; " v
ATTORNEY.
P\ TL MERZBACH, lawyer.
503 California at.. Ctanto bcflaisf.
COAL, COKE A.ND PIC1 IRON.
J- C WILSON 5 CO 9C0 Battery Stwx*.
COPPERSMITH.
C W- SMITH !£! p Ei niabte «- Steamboat aad
««. T. " Ship Work a spedaity. Hand
IS Washington »t. Telephone Main 3SO.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
t Eleotrical Eaxinew. M TmmX at,
FRRSH AND SALT MEATS
JAS- BOYES&CO. S^^agW"
OALVANIZINQ AND METALS.
SSSff %&&£ SftESSS- £**"
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype raetaL Pa«!23
Metal W orks. 137-9 First St.. San Pranclac<x
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEOXARP A ELUSt
41S Front st.. S. F. Phone Main ITU
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricatln* Oils. Schneider's MtntJJ!
Candles. C. G. CLINCH St CO.. 9 Front. & F.
PRINTING.
F C HUfiRwC PRINTER.
PPINTER* BO">K BINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO..
23 Flnt rt.. Saa Frandsotv
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tcl %dff >e PARTRIDGE '"ggS" 1 *
WHIM iSB STE1M COAL S^SaSE
PTAMOND COAL, MINIXO CO.. at Ita GREEX
RIVER COLLIERIES, la the Best Coai tn th«
market. Office and Yards — 150 Main street.
DR.MCOTLTY.
n^nis WErx-K^o w^r and reliable old
X Specialist <?ur»fB!o<Mt Poison, 0'onorrhcsa.Glect,
Strtctar*. »i-rjilii»l Weajcnesn. Impotence and tbeir
•Hied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. tr»<%.
OT*rayearV»sper l enc».Tf»rra*reajnnab;e. Honre,
Bto3itally:«:30toi30eT'n. RancUr^lOto 13. Consul.
UUontresand sacredly conflden tfal. Call or address
P. ROMCOB XTcN'UE.TT'. 31. D.
2OJ-; lirarny SU Man FranelMO^CcL
_cjv ¦* _« m _f>_ Lafl'n & Rand Wat«rpro£
¦ B S H RA N S. 3 Smokeless Povrrter. la bi ile
I 8 8 ra<l »nJ Ica.ied In *ht--:l«. S»n.l
M q B fi 3 "n1 oTk for catalogue of »portlnn
18 Bfl a «j Qjfj K ood*. OEO. W. SUREV E.
/<^DEWFY.STRGNG&CO.^a^
P 6 PATENTS, J
\ggg»>^ MARKET ST. SF M »w* r
rk ¦ PP T\ HI! 1 f Corner Fourth an<J
CAFE ROYAL t^i
1 valises oheokelfra*
Trapper's Oil eurw rhiumatltm and nwmlii.
Drunrtsta, 50o flask. Richards * Co., 10s Clajv*
Em rnadsco,
IAI. T. HESS.
CCTAH7 fWiI3 IS3 ATTOajUf-Af-LATr.
T«cth Flocr, Boom 1015. Cltui Spreckeli Bl&g.
Telcsbon* Brown $21.
Rttlleace, £21 CfJlfcrnla »t.. below PowelL
SVSm GEATtT STREET
Between Hr&e and Laridn.
Telephone PoHc IIS.
Ladies' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capes ; liberal credit. ' M. Rothschild. 528 Sutter.*
Trunks & traveling bags. Before buying see
our "bureau trunk." A.'B.Smlth Co., 128 Ellis.*
It will be a better, pie than
grandma used to make, if you
will shorten the crust with
WHITE COTTOLENE,
for grandma had nothing better
than lard.
jh^ .jffTgiTtic N.K.FaIrJ>aak Comoanv.
fggsfeffem m&Otd (roe to toy tddresi. For
KJ«G5g$£Q< " n * *« f ttaip we will sead tret oar
t«8S7QgMp!» i» p««e recipe book. -Homo
Whisky— Scotch and Irish— D C L
,*.„ n r »e''y special
Kxlly Crop bot $1 $ 85
Highlavd Club bot 1 85
Caledonian . -«ot I 35 1 10
Highland Club gal 4 50 3 50
CoCOa— VanHoutcn. goc
\ Ib— J Ib— 1 Ib tins— the best
cocoa made in Holland— reg'iy $1 Ib
Corn and succotash. i2^c
Sea Foam dozen $ I 40
Best quality packed— reg'iy 15c can
Finnan haddie-AVai. i 5 c
A splendid substitute until the
fresh haddics arrive— reg'iy 20c can
Rock and r) e-o b&co $x
A soothing coug' ?medy—
reg'iy $1 25 bottle
Smyrna figs-reg'iy 25c ib 20c
This season's figs are very fancy
Gelatine— s^nr/c/t P k g 1OC
Red and white— German-reg'ly njc
Curry powder— Bombay 30c
It has the real piquant curry
flavor— reg'iy 40c pint bottle
Oysters— Our efcoto 25c
Extra selected— dozen $2 90
/Baltimore pack— large cans
Pim-OlaS— baby size 5 bottles 50C
They are growing more popular
than ever-jrreg'ly 20c bottle
Beer— Gerard pints $ I 35
\ reg'iy $1 55 and $2 %% doz qts 3 JO
V It can't b« made better
New crop — reg'iy 75c 10 Ib
Buckwheat-Pennsylvania 60C
Macaroni— La Favorita 12k
Finest quality of French paste —
also other varieties — reg'iy 15c Ib
Cranberry sauce-Anderson 15c
Very seasonable now— reg'iy 20c can
Maple syrup— Hazen 65c
Pure Vermont sap— reg'iy 80c J gal can
With a big supply and
fine assortment of holiday
groceries we are now pre-
pared to entertain you — so
that later you can entertain
others delightfully
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
A\onday Tuesday Wednesday
EggS— fresh laid dozen $"]\c
Ham— finest eastern 1 2C
Suear cured— all guaranteed—
reg ly 14c Ib
Kona Coffee— reg'iy 25c ib 22|c
We have coffee to suit every
palate— try Kona flavor
RoyanS— a la vatel % I2^C
An appetizing fish — fn olive oil
with truffle and pickle— reg'iy 15c can
Butter— creamery Ib 25C
Cut full weight— quality first-class
g OLD BERg
BQWEN
& CO
QOLDBEBO, B0 WIN * CO'S SPECIAL 8AYIKQ BALI
The finest compliment that can be paid
a woman is to address her as a person of
sense. /
All y<rur money refunded by any dealer if not
Fattened with a smoke of the "American"
clear Havana cigar. •
The San Francisco County Miners* As-
Fociation will meet to-day at 3:30 p. m.
In the rooms cf the Chamber of Com-
merce, Merchants' Exchange building, for
the purpose of electine officers for the
year and choosing' delegates to the an-
nual convention of the State Miners' As-
sociation, which will be held on Novem-
ber UL
Hirers to Elect Officers.
R#commen<!*d by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub <Z*i artm».nt best in city. •
S-wisa at the Crystal Baths.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
250 Dozen Extra Quanta DINNER NAPKINS, an odd
lozens, haying neither lamasK nor cloths to match
afcove. Then will he soil at yero low prices.
SPECIAL.
One Case PURE WHITE DOUBLE SATIN TABLE
DAMASK, large anl medium designs, in great
varletu S 1-25 Yard
(Napkins to match each pattern.)
SPECIAL.
Two Cases Yerg large IRISH HUCK /TOWELS,
hemmel anl hemstitchel, full grass fileach
33.50 Dozen
SPECIAL.
One Case HAND-EMBROIDERED LINEN SCARFS,
TEA CLOTHS, CENTER PIECES, CARVING CLOTHS,
DOYLIES, SHAMS anl SPREADS.
During tbe past week we have unpacked
a large consignment of Yeru fine HOUSE-
HOLD LINENS, and we will offer all the
balance of this month some extraordinary
values In LINEN DAMASK SETS, DAMASK
NAPKINS, FINE TOWELS, GLASS LINENS
and LINEN TOWELINGS, both Irish and
German manufacture.
111. 113. 115. 117j 119. 121 POST STREET.
LINENS.
HOUSEKEEPING
ADVEBTIRF.TVrF.TnS.
80LDBEBO. B07I5 ft CO'S SPECIAL 8A7T5S SALS
of
collarettes-
HEPJiTS THE COLLARETTE
—Illustrated above— of electric
I seal (looks like $easkin) with
an Astrakan yokf — this gar-
1 rnent is made of fine lull j
Fkins (not pieced from odd
ends), ia ten inches deep and
elegantly lined-*. <£ A df»
wonderful value.. tJ>'T»Ovl
nach
STORM COLIJVR-a swell lit-
tle river mink storm collar—
•with six tails— an CO pzf\
excellent garment «PxJ«*Jvr |
New fashion book ready — free j \
for the asking— fifty stylos *
specially priced.
IKCORSORATCD
135-157 Po'sX/%. ST.
C J
A T> y p.ttTTSrtflyrTETTTfl,