Assaults. Jack MeNamara, the
Saloon Keeper, Who Kires
at Him, a Derringer .Bullet
Passing Through His Coat.
TAX COLLECTOR SCOTT
NARROWLY ESCAPES DEATH
IN A SALOON QUARREL
REBEL FORCES ARE ROUTED AND
TWO OF THEIR GENERALS CAPTURED
Government Troops of Colombia Defeat the
Liberals After Some Hard Fighting.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
KINGSTON. Jaiaica. Nov. 2X— The
British «teamer Batjadian, which baa
PANAMA., Nov. 23.— Governor Alban of
the State cf Panama, who left here a few
£ay» ago ci the British steamer Taboga,
ha» telcgrajhed Secretary Arjena here
that he ha» -elieved Du»aa Ventura. ThI*
pert was blockaded by revolutionary craft
s-.« closely be?ie?ed by the Liberal forces.
The d*'er.<Iers were closely pressed and the
Tabcr* was s«*ed and arased In order to
cave the port. Governor Alban telegraphs
that he raljej tie blockade yesterday and
directed an afstult on the rebel position
at Punta Bagar, an important strategi
cal position overhokir.g the city that had
been occupied by he rebels. After a hard
r.gbt the position tm recaptured. Gener
a'.s Ealamar.es anl Hoyes, leaders cf a
portion of the re*el forces, have been
ta.ken prisoners. T»ree of the rebel runs.
•sfcich had been ut»d effectively against
the dty'a defenses, Were captured.
Just arrived here from Colon, reports that
severe fighting occurred Monday and
Tuesday at Culebra. The Government
forces attacked the rebels, who occupied
a good position, with the result that the
losses of the former were heavy. The,
fighting was proceeding when the steamer
left Tuesday night.
The stores and restaurants at Colon were
closed and the rebels held a portion of the
railroad line.
Another rebel force was reported to.be
engaging the Government troops near
Panama. Business is entirely suspended
at the latter place and both Panama and
Colon are in a *tate of terror.
The rebels are attacking In a deter
mined manner, and it is feared the slaugh
ter will be great before decisive results
are reached. The Liberals, it is asserted
by the passengers of the Barbadian, still
hold Buena Ventura, though the Colom-
bian Government Is making a yreat effort
to regain possession of It.
PARIS. Not. 24 (3:40 a. m.).— "A diag
nosis cf the Czar's malady.** says a dis
patch from St. Petersburg to the Slecle.
"shows that he has typholdic enteritis.
HI? brain Is affected and his intellectual
powers are endangered."
day yesterday.. He slept about an hour.
At 9 in th» tvening his temperature wu
102.7; pulse. S2. His Majesty passed a
very good night. His condition and
strength are very satisfactory. This
morning at 9 o'clock his temperature wxs
I3L2; pulse, 73."
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 21— It was
rumored here this evening that Emperor
Nicholas was threatened with lung com
plications, which. If they exist, would
materially diminish his chances of recov
ery. Inflammation of the lungs i3 a com
mon complication of typhoid fever la
Russia! Thus far there la no official con
firmation of the rumor.
LJVADIA, European Russia. Nov. 2X—
The following bulletin was issued this
morning: "The Emperor passed & quiet
If Fresh Disease Develops # It Will Diminish
the Ruler's Chances of Recovery.
CZAR NICHOLAS THREATENED
WITH LUNG COMPLICATIONS
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— The Navy De
partment to-day entered into a contract
with the Holland Submarine Boat Com
pany for the construction of a boat of the
type of the six heretofore contracted for,
tc replace the Plunger, the compajiy
agreeing to take the Plunger off the
hands of the Government and to build
tr. her place the best type of modern sub
marine boat for the sum of , 1170,000. re
funding to the Government , the sum of
$90,000 already paid on the • Plunger, and
the sum of J4365, which represents other
expenses to which the Government has
been subjected. ....... ...
WILL BUILD BOAT TO
BEPLACE THE PLTJNGEB
In the Chamber of Deputies Foul Vlgne.
Radical Socialist, for Dodeve. delivered
a long discourse upbraiding the Govern
ment for alleged cruelties In Algeria and
Madagascar perpetrated by the French
troops. '
M. Waldeck-Rousseau, the Premier,
answered: "It Is Impossible to grant am
resty to those who continue to menace the
Government, and as for the Assumptlon-
Ists, their offense has not ceased."
Gustave de L*marselle, Senator for the
department of Morbihan. asked whether
the amnesty extended to the persons con
demned by the Senate sitting as the high
court and to the Assumptlonlsts.
PARIS, Nov. 23.— The Senate to-day
adopted the amnesty bill, which had al
ready been adopted by the Chamber of
Deputies.
FRENCH SENATE ADOPTS
THE AMNESTY BILL
LONDON, Nov. 24.— Special dispatches
Eron Shanghai describe the situation at
Sianfu. General Tung Fu Slang's troops
hold the city. The personal body guard
of the Emperor and Empress Dowagrer
Their Own Troops.
ETaperor and Dowager in Danger cf
GENERAL TUNG'S INSOLENCE.
"An important decision has been arrived
at. however, that this divergence is not
to Interfere with the general peace nego
tiations. Another remarkable feature of
the situation 13 the sudden bold face of
Russia. .which now declines either to with
draw her troops from the province of
Chill or to hand over the railway a3 prom
ised."
LONDON. Nov. 24.-"A serious diver
gence has arisen In Peking," says the
Tientsin correspondent of the Daily Mall,
wiring Wednesday. "Japan, the United
States, Russia and France favor demand
ing a milder punishment than the execu
tion of Prince Tuan and the others, while
Great Britain. Germany. Austria-Hun
gary and Italy 6eem anything less than
the death penalty useless.
Peking Not in Accord.
Ecpresentatives of the Powers at
DIFFEB AS TO PITNTSH^TENT.
TIENTSIN. Nov. 24.-The Japanese have
beheaded two spies. The Boxers bearing
arms who were captured by the Germans
have not yet been tried.
According to the same dispatches the
onl^ hope fcr the court i« In General Ma.
who has 5000 troops outs!d» of Sianfu and
has a blood feud with General Tung Fu
Slang, who murdered Ma's cousin.
consists of only ISO men. General Tung
enters the sacred precincts at will, *a
lutes the imperials with scant courtesy
and almost with insolence and declares
his intention of emulating the notorious
"Wang Hang, who, during the Hang dy
nasty, prevented the court from coming
to terms with the enemy and finally mur
dered the Emperor and usurped the
throne.
The •visit of the battleship Kentucky at
Sn>Tra is believed to relate quite as much
to this matter as to the Indemnity ques
tion.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 23.— The
Pcrte has definitely rejected the request
fcr an exequatur for a United State Con
cul at Harpoot- This refusal is regarded
by the United States legation as a direct
violation of treaty.' rig-hts and conse
quently, despite the refusal. Dr. Thomas
H. Norton, who was. appointed by Presi
dent McKIcley some time ago to estab
lish a consulate at Harpoot, has been di
rected to proceed to his post.
NAPLES, Nov. 3.— The battleship Ken
tucky, which arrived here November 13,
sails to-morrow for Smyrna.
The Turkish objection to the establish
ment of a" consulate at harpoot acd Er
zeroum. under this apparently clear per
mission, has been based on the rather
novel reason that there was no com
merce at these two points, ar.d it has
be*n rather difflcult for our officials to
establish the contrary proposition. But
some time ago the Turkish Government
accorded to the British Government the
right to establish a consulate at Harpoot
and the State Department Immediately
based an additional claim on the "favored
nation" clause of its general treaty, which
would appear to warrant It In demanding
the same privilege of establishing a con
sulate at a given pclnt in Turkey as was
granted to Great Britain.
The State Department holds that Har
poot Is an important commercial point,
and the Interests cf the United States re
<;ulre the presence cf a Consul. An In
struction to Mr. Griscom to repeat the de
rr&nd has been forwarded, but the refusal
cf the Sublime Porte to Issue the exequa
tur Is r^-caxded as shewing that the moral
elect c' the battleship Kentucky's pres
ence wili be nil.
"TI".» Sutl'.iae Porte raar establish Con
euls in the United States cf America and
the United States may appoint their citi
zens to b* Cor.suls cr Vice Corsuls at eca
rseTTial places in the dominions of the
Eutlime Pcrte, where it shall be needful
to fuperintend aJTairs cf commerce."
CALL BUREAU. 'WELLINGTON •
HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Nov.
23.— Turkey has shewn her un
friendliness fcr the United States
by refusing to Issue an exequatur
ta Dr. Thcisas H. Norton, appointed by
the President as Ccr.s-.il at Harpoot- This
ECticn ccrrdzg en top cf the publication .of
the crcerj to the battleship Kentucky to
j-rcceed to Smyrna has caused ecrnrsent
la cCicial circles. " Turkey has always
shown a hesitancy about issuir.g ex
njA.Btl It to American Consuls residing In
the Arrr.^n!an district, and when tte Har
poot ccnsizlate was established several
years «.go :t tock repeated rerrt-seuUtlons
ctl the part cf the American Mini«ter to
obtain the necessary permission for the
Ccnsul to do business. The refusal of the
Turkish. Government do«s not apply per
mocaXtj to Dr. Norton. Minister Griscorn
reports that the interpretation of the.
tnttjr b^twe^r. the United States and
Turkey ty the Pcrte has convinced it that
It has the power to decline to permit an
American representative to locate at Har
pact. The demand of the United States
that an exequatur be Issued rests on arti
cle II of tile treaty of 1SH3. to this effect:
THE PORT OF SMYRNA. TO WHICH PLACE THE BATTLESHIP KENTUCKY IS BOUND. TO REMIND
THE STTLTAN THAT HE OWES UNCLE SAM INDEMNITY. THE SULTAN- IS ALSO -PICTURED " IN
THE ABOVE ILLUSTRATION. -_. - -,— '-" .",-¦"• -. i - ''. ' '- '¦ "''.¦•'- \. , r' I ' ' '¦¦: &
friend when yon wasted cae."
"In what?" asked McNamara.
"In helping you to get your license."
was Scott's reply.
"You are mistaken," rejoined McNa
rsara. "Ycu did not help me in the least
to get my license. I did that myself."
But Scott would cot nave It so. and
words Cew thick and fast. Everybody
was talklss at once and "liar" with a.
dozen expletives not found la the diction
ary was going from mouth to mouth.
Quick as a Cash Scctt struck McNamara
a vicious blew over the left eye and" then
there was trouble. In the Quarrel of
words McNamara. had expressed bis forci
ble opinion that Kelly was no sood. and
when Scott aimed hi3 blow Kelly aimed
another, but McNamara pushed hlsi aslda
and rushed at Scott.
The Tax Collector made a. motlca as IT
to pull a pistol, but he was not Quick
enough. McNamara. pulled & derringer
and Cred at Scott, who seemed to bavo
teen hit, and ran around the counter to a
small room In the salocn. McXamara
chased him and was about to £?& again
when Scott cried. "Don't shoot. Mac; I"va
got It and that's enough."
McNamara lowered his weapon and left
the saloon. When the first shot was fired
Kelly had ran from the saloon and down
the street. He preferred to have the dis
cussion of his friendship, qualities con
cluded without his presence. He waited,
however, and saw MeNamara leave the
saloon.
Then Kelly, still fearful, waited to hear
from Scott or see something of him. la
a few minutes the Tax Collector appeared.
He had had a mest remarkable escape
from death. Although he had been no far
ther than six feet away from McNamara
when the latter fired the bullet M<1 not
struck him. but had gone through the left
shoulder of his coat. He was almost
paralyzed with fear, however, and wa*
taken home by Martin Kelly. Last night
all efforts to see him were In vaia. Vis
itors to his home were Informed that ha
had retired early and under no drcusa
stances could be seen.
the 'Grand Hotel *push* and needed
friends."
One angry word was leading to another
and Kelly stood silently listening to the
discussion of himself. Again Scott took
the offensive. Addressing McNamara he
said: "You shouldn't have any objection
to Kelly or to me, I have been your
larly your friend when you were with
"Why. you certainly know Kelly, don't
you. McNamara?*' he asked.
"Yes." was McNamara'a reply. "Kelly
and I are old friends."
This pleasantry might have ended there.
but Scott was persistent.
"I'm glad to hear It." he said, "because
Kelly and I are also very good friends."
Kelly's friendship Is probably a luxury
which Scott Is privileged to enjoy, but
McNamara retorted with seme warmth:
"I don't know why you should be
friendly with Kelly. He wasn't particu-
lach's saloon on City Hall square. About
3 o'clock in the afternoon Tax Collector
Scott and Martin Kelly, with whom Scot:
has been on terms of Intimacy for some
time, -were standing In front of tne Gaad
laeh saloon. In the midst cf their discus
sion Jack McNamara, who keeps a sa
loon at 117 City Hall avenue, approached
and saluted them.
Between McNamara and Kelly there has
been a political enmity for years. While
both have fought one another politically
they have been socially friends, although
on more than one occasion It has de
manded but very little to provoke a quar
rel between them. Each ha3 been satis
fled to pass the other with a nod. But
yesterday Scott asked McNamara to join
him and Kelly In a drink. McNamara ac
cepted and the three men entered the
saloon.
Then Scott fostered trouble.
T\X_Collector^J. Harry Scott be
came Involved*" In " *, di*«rac*ft»I
saloon row yesterday, la which
he narrowly escaped with his life.
He owes his escape from death to
the mercy of a man whom he savagelr
attacked during an argument In Gund-
TAX COLLECTOR J. HARRY SCOTT. WHO XARROWLY ESCAPED
DEATH YESTERDAY IN A DISGRACEFUL SALOON BRAWL WITH
JACK McNAAHRA. THE SALOON-KEEPER, AND MARTIN KELLY.
Following the Order for the/Battleship Kentucky
to Proceed to Smyrna the Sublime Porte Re
fuses to Issue an Exequatur to Dr. Norton,
the New United States Consul to Harpoot.
TURKEY SHOWS ADDITIONAL
UNFRIENDLINESS TO AMERICA
AND VIOLATES ALL TREATIES
NICARAGUA
ROUTE FOR
THE CANAL
All .Otter Proposi
tions Rejected l)y
Commission.
Recommendation Is Made lor
a Waterway Thirty .
Feet in Depth.
PANAMA PEOPLE ARE BEATEN
Company Merely Attempts to Delay the
Work on the Nicaragua Route to
Further Its Own Interests.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— President
MeKinley will have the preliminary re
port cf the Isthmian Canal Commusion In
his hands within two or three day*. It
is now complete and its various parts are
being assembled. It favors the construc
tion of the canal across Nicaragua as
against all other routes proposed: favor3
the construction of a canal thirty feet in
depth at a cost of about IL20.MO.000; dls
courages the building of a thirty-flv,* foot
canal at present, although estimates for
a canal of such depth hav--» been made.
A thirty-five-foot canal would cost abont
J173.COO.C0O. The report recommends, hew
ever, that the locks and cams of the
thirty-foot canal be so constructed as to
permit the canal to be deepened five feet
when commerce requires It. and prac
tically eliminates from consideration the
Panama canal, which route has been the
only real competitor of the Nicirasrua.
waterway. This is owing to the appar-at
inability of Director General Hutin to
make a proposition to sell to the United
States.; s
The present canal commission was ap
pointed to examine all the rossible canal
routes to-be found on the Isthmus. At
an early stage of the investigation it was
ascertained that only two routes -xera
practicable. Nicaragua and Panama, the
next best being the Darien canal, which
crossed the divide 600 feet above the J.ta
level, requiring a tunnel 200 feet in height.
It Is found tfcat there are no englneer'ng
or physical impossibilities on either the
Nicaragua or Panama route. The matte
cf ccst Is largely In favor of Nicaragua
as the estimate for the completion of the
Panama canal as it stands fs about Jl*).
00O.C0O. Th5s does not take Into accnunc
such money as would have to ba paid
for ' Improvements already made on the
Panama isthmus. Serious consideration
of the Panama project has been impos
sible owing to the refusal of .Its ow-iera
to set a price at which It coulo be bc»yht.
The Panama company was asked two
questions, the first being: "Can you sell
outright to the United States?" an-i "How
much will you sell for?"
Representatives of the Panama com
pany in conference with the commUston-
ers to-day have continued to evad? these
questions and the American engineers
have reached the conclusion. Ion? ago
foreshadowed, that the Panama men have
no Intention of selling to the American
Government, the opposition to th<i Nica
ragua canal being based on a desire to
nullify that project so that they can float
another French lean to complete the work
themselves. William Nelson Cromwell of
New Tork Is here as attorney for the
company.
The route adopted across Nicaragua by
the present - commission follows closely
that recemmended by the Walker com
mission two years ago." The total distance
from the Pacific to the Atlantic is 190
miles. Commencing at Brito. on the Pa
cific Coast, and following up the east side
of the Bio Grande a vessel would, by aid
of four Iock3, reach the summit and level
of Lake Nicaragua, which is 116 feet above
the Pacific Ocean. The distance from
Brito to the lake is 17.S miles. The ra^qi
line then crosses the lake, a distance of
about seventy-one miles, to the heaJ of
the San Juan River.
Following this river for fifty-seven miles
the site of the proposed dam is reached
at Boca San Carlos. Here the canal leaves
the river bed. but follows j the valley for
twenty -one miles to a point opposite the
mouth of the Rio SaripiquL From this
point a. nearly straight line Is mad* o th-
Atlantic Ocean at Greytown. twenty-two
miles more.
To build this canal a depth of thirty
feet, as recommended by the commission.
It will be necessary to remove about 1S0,-
COO.00O cubic yards of earth and rock. A
great engineering feature of the enter
price is the proposed dam at San Carlos,
which will be US feet high from its rock
bed to the crest, and the crest will be
nearly 13C0 feet in length. The building
of a dam at point avoids questions
which arose under previous survey* from
possible flood waters of *he river San
Carlos, which in the proposed plan enters
the San Juan below Instead of above the
dam.
The full report, of the commission.
which will be rendered some time thi3
winter, win contain many papers of great
Interest and value upon climate, trade
influences, effect upon population and
other economic questions arising in con
sideration of the canal.
The work of the present commission has
been moat thorough. Every possible va
riant has been surveyed and hundreds of
sites for dams and Iock3 were 'considered
BERLIN. Nov. 24.— Field Marshal Count
von Waldersee cables that Colonel Yorck's
column reached Hsueng Hwa November
1*. The weak garrison immediately sur
rendered. The column commanded by
Colonel Muehlensfels. the dispatch adds,
is proceeding to Amkla Chwang. The
health of the troops is good.*
Another dispatch from the field marshal
says Muehlensfels* detachment. Novem
ber 20, drove a stronger band of Boxers
out of Amkla. Chwang.' after a short en
gagement, during which forty Boxers
were killed and the latter lost eight gum.
A squadron belonging to Colonel Yorck's
column, it Is further announced, has at
tacked ¦ the rear guard of the Chinese
troops retiring I from I Pruen Hwa-Fn . on
the Hwanan- The troops killed thirty
Chinese end captured eight wagons loaded
with money, ammunition and equipment.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.—Assur
ances of a particularly gratifying and
important charac^r. declaring their pur
pcrse to act conjointly and In harmony
to effect a prompt settlement of the Chi
nese 'uestlon, were to-day given the
United States by Russia. Germany,
Great Britain. France and Japan. These
declaration* of tbe powers are due to
the diplomacy of the President and Sec
retary Hay. Development? In Peking
had showed conclusively that none of the
Ministers were alive to the Importance of
formulating demands with which the Chi
nese Government could comply. Proposi
tions were being made, especially by rep
resentatives of the powers whose policies
were regarded wltn suspicion, the adop
tion of which could only result In rejec
tion by the Chinese Government and the
resumption of hostilities. . It was there
fore decided .hat in the Interest of a
prompt settlement It was desirable to ap
peal to the powers direct.
An Identical note was. therefore, ad
dressed to the Interested Voyernments In
...ura&e,. ?-=d Japan.'an.V"''.:;.*'correspond
ence- which followed culminated In . the
aseuran - referred to. These assurance*
repeat the declarations which were made
in connection with the indorsement of the
Anglo-German agreement, and would
seem on their face to show that th« pow
ers are actuated by the single purpose
of ending the present unsatisfactory
conditions In the Celestial Empire. Yet
the fact remains that at least two pow
ers have been pursuing in a" eking the
most obstructive tactics, and have evi
dently favored a policy designed to pro
voke the Chinese to armed resistance.
An important point about these latest
declarations is that the powers expressly
state that they desire such solutions of
the Chinese troubles as can be adopted
b" the imperial government without dan
ger to Its safety. Mr. Conger is directed
to urge -on his colleagues the necessity
of agreeing uoon demands which will be
reasonably certain of acceptance by ue
Chinese. The President and Secretary
Hay appreciate the weakness of the Im
perial government, and do not want the
shadow of imperial authority to disap
pear as a result cf th' machinations of
rowerful -"nces and officials. Even de
spite the assurances of the powers that
they desire a prompt settlement and are
willing to work harmoniously to secure
It. the authorities here apparently expect
disagreement. In anticipation of the fail
ure of negotiations and des^ing that ef
forts to reach a Joint agreement shall
continue, the officials are casting auout
for a method of solution that will satisfy
all. This subject has been given care
ful consideration by the President" and
Cabinet, who at to-day's session discussed
the whole Chinese solution. The sugges
tion for settlement of the question by an
international conference, participated In
by the representatives of the powers, to
be held in a European capital, has been
revived, but among conservative oSdals
It is believed that an even better plan
would be the adoption of a policy refer
ring the matter to the Hague Court of
Arbitration. The main aim of the Presi
dent Is to obtain a settlement that will
Insure the territorial and administrative
entity of China.
The story that the President contem
plates acquiring Chinese territory is posi
tively denied by the State Department.
This authoritative statement was made
to-day: "There is no foundation what
ever for the report that the United
States purposes to acquire Chinese terri
tory. This Is contrary to the declared
policy of the President- Every effcrt !s
being made to preserve the territorial in
tegrity of the empire, and to this end the
President is endeavoring to bring about a
prompt settlement." _
FIGHTTNO AGAINST BOXERS.
Special D'.sratch to The CaJL
Clever Diplomacy ol the
President to Secure
Settlement.
ARBITRATION BEING ASKED
» —
This Government Aims to Preserve the
Territorial and Administrative
Entity of China.
Powers Agree to Act
in Harmony as to
Viillidi
NOW READY
TO FOLLOW
UNCLE SAM
before the present ones were selected.
Thousands of borings have been made
from the six-fathom line In the Atlantic
to the six-fathom Lne in the Pacific, and
an intimate knowledge of the geological
formation along the entire" route ha» been
obtained to a depth far below that re
quired for canal purposes. It is found
that It will take less • than ten years tr
build the canal and some of the engineers
estimate that during its construction at
least 50,000 men. will be given "employment
in the United States and on the isthmus.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2X— The poverty-strick
en condition of Mrs. Adella Burton, who
claims to have been a coTifldential servant
In the family of Jefferson Davis during
the civil war. was brought to the atten
tion of the police here to-day and her
wants attended to.
Mrs. Burton, who was discovered fca a
lonely hovel on the somb side, declares
that when the President of the Confeder
ate States fied to escape she was entrust
ed with the private effects of the fugitive.
She was born In slavery elzhty-ser«a
years a* o. ¦
OF JEETEBSON' DAVIS
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1900.
PRICE FIVE— eENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIH— >~O. 177.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.To Cure a Cold iiu One Day
Take. Ltxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drufTKiBta refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. XV. Grove'a signature is on each box. 25c. *
SANTA CRUZ, Nov.,: 23.— Passengers rrom
W'atsonvllle this morning had to crosn the *uh
merKed portion of, the Southern Pacific track
at La puna on a handcar. Trains Came through'
this afternoon aij rlsfcfc. ,
Pear Trees in Bloom.
COVELO.Nov. 23.— Samuel Pinches, an
orchardlst ¦ of * Laytonvllle.' .¦ found > • four
Bartlett pear.: trees In i full : bloom In hla
orchard to-day.- This. Is remarkable frum
t«ie fact ; that ; Bartlett trees , in Northern
California never bloonr, before February.
This '* premature \ r blossoming makes, or
rhardlsts^tear that* the '-crop will' be a
failure next year.
. Mr. Kruger will arrive, at the Lyons
railroad station at" 10:34 a. m., where h*
will be 1 met by committees representing
the'Boers. Deputies, Senators, etc. After
a short Informal reception he will be
escorted by way of the grand boulevards
to his hotel,' which Is situated on a promi
nent boulevard.. .His time of passing
through the thoroughfares" will 'be coin
cident with the lunch hour and many or
"Citizens of Marseilles: I thank the
1-c-opIe of Marseilles for Its warm 1 wel
come. I trust I shall find the same en
thusiastic sympathy in all the cities
through which I will travel, and I hope it
will be followed by actions which will
continue to assist us and result In abet
ting our .cause."
At Lyons, replying to the speech on the
presentation of the medals, he said:
' "I am profoundly touched at the hom
rge. respect and sympathy coming from
entire France. Give my thanks to the
population of Lyons. It is a just cause
which animates you. A cause for France
nnd for all Europe to safeguard. I- am
Turn in thf*" conviction that our hopes. will
Iw realized. We are hoping with vou."
PARIS. Nov. 23— The Yienceful but en
thusiastic manner In which the people of
Marseilles greeted the arrival of Mr. Kru
p.er yesterday and the warm welcome ex
tended to him In the cities he passed
throusrh to-day, nil occurring without any
antl-Brltish demonstra-tions of any~eon
fequenee. have made the authorities, here
feel confident that his reception hero to
morrow will not result in any unpleasant
Incident. M. Leplno, the Prefect of Po
lice, said to-day:
"We have full confidence In the people
of Paris and count upon them not to do
anything likely to cause diplomatic com
plications. However, the ¦ police have
the strictest orders to permit only cries
which are complimentary to Mr. Kruger
and the Boers. They will not tolerate any
cries uncomplimentary to a neighbor and
friendly country. Any person uttering
such uncomplimentary cries will be ¦ ar
rested." ; > - ;
and houses along the route and the hotel
itself were brilliantly lighted.
Mr. Kruger on alighting from the train
was welcomed by the authorities and then
walked to a two-horse landau standing
before the door of the station. Near the
landau stood a band, which, as he
emerged, struck up tho Boer hymn, which
was followed by the Marseillaise. It waa
now dusk. In the absence of "better iliu
mlnation, a double -on of petroleum
house lights lighted his passage to the
landau. The crowd gathered around, giv
ing vociferous shouts or Mr. Kruger and
the Boers. The moment the landau start
ed, a battery of artillery began to fire a
salute of twenty-one gun< The cannon
were heavily charged and ear-splitting
detonations accompanied him as he slow
ly proceeded to the hotel. Illuminations
and salvos heightened the excitement of
the huge concourse which crouched upon
the roadway, barely leaving a passage.
Finally the carriage reached the hotel,
which faces on a spacious square. Mount
ed gendarmes kept a space open across
the square and escorted the landau. Mr.
Kruper. who was bareheaded, bowed to
the right and left as re rode along.
His apartment, which is on the first floor
and has a balcony, draped with Boer and
French flags, overlooks the square and
the specataclfi from the balcony was such
as Mr. Kruger had never witnessed be
fore. Below him was an ocean of faces,
illuminated by a dazzling electric light.
Enthusiasm was at white heat. An un
ceasing roar of cheering arose from the
throats of the multitude, which numbered
many thousands. A veritable forest of
hats, canes, hands and handkerchiefs was
agitated until Mr. Kruger came to tho
front of the balcony and acknowledged
repeatedly the hurricane of plaudits. He
uttered a few words of thanks, which
wtre Interpreted and shouted down to the
people.
Mr. Kruger then retired from the bal
cony and received the Mayor, members
of the city Council and various delega
tions presenting addresses and bouquets.
Tlie City Council had made great prepara
tions to entertain him and offered punch
in his honor in the biggest hall of the
town. He excused himself from aWend-
Jng the function, but Dr. Leyds and the
other Boer delegates represented him. . '¦.
The crowd In the streets was decidedly
hostile to England, raising anti-British
cries. A procession of students paraded,
chanting monotonously denunciations of
everything English. The enthusiasm last
ed until a late hour.
To-morrow morning at 6:25 Mr. Kruger
will start for Paris.
Dr. Leyds says he has been informed
that M. Crozier will greet Mr. Kruger at
the Gare de Lion, Paris, in the name of
President Loubet.
Before leaving Marseilles Mr. Kruger
spoke briefly as follows:
the stores will be closed for the rest of the
afternoon. There is certain to be an Im
mense concourse of people along the en
tire route. ;. >»: k ;»..:.; ~^vi>
BTJRGHERS LOSE MANY MEN.
General De Wet Regales His Follow-
ers With Fairy Tales.
LONDON, Nov. 23.— A special dispatch
from Mlddleborg, Transvaal Colony, says
that in the- surprise of the outpost of the
•'Buffs" (Third Infantry), southwest of
Balmoral, on November 10, the Boer? lost
sixty men killed and wounded. The burgh
ers, the dispatch adds, simultaneously at
tacked a garrison of Fusiliers on Wilge
River, but were beaten off with the loss
of 130 men killed and wounded. •
The Standard to-day, commenting on the
report that General Botha, with his com
mando, is close to Dewetsdorp, regards
the news as most disquieting and says:
"\\ e have heard many strange and un
veriflable stories, but one thing we know
that French was pursued all the way
from Middleborg to Standerton and got
through the terrible neck of the moun
tains only by the skin of his teeth."
The Star suggests that General Botha
pursued the British, marched south and
joined hands with General De Wet, and
thus Bloemfontein is endangered and the
Orange Free State will » have to be re
conquered before the subduing of the
Transvaal can be commenced.
In connection with the foregoing a be
lated telegram to-day announces that Gen
eral French arrived at Johannesburg on
November 17. -.
KRQONSPRUIT, Orange River Colony,
Nov. 23.— General Bruce-Hamilton's col
umn arrived here yesterday, after scour
inR the Llndley and Heilbron districts.
The troops brought in a number of pris
oners. The latter relate the assurances
they received at Thaban Ciiu'from Gen
eral De Wet a fortnight ago. De Wet,
they say. urged the burghers to hold out
until December 10. when "all the British
were going home." He added that, the
British hart the permission of Russia to
fight for a year only; that Queen Victoria
was at Cape Town, whither she had fled
tr» escape the Chinese, who had captured
half of England: that General Botha had
driven the British out of the v Transvaal
and had taken Pletermarltzburg; that De
Wet himself was fighting In Cape Colony,
burning farms, and that Lord Roberts,
wounded by three bullets, had been taken
to Heilbron to die and had been burled
there beneath the Town Hall.
SPEAKS FOR GREAT BRITAIN.
Baron von Rlchthofen Answers Ques-
tions in the Reichstag.
BERLIN, Nov. 23.— In the Reichstag to
day, replying to a question regarding the
expulsion of Germans from the Transvaal,
Baron von Rlchthofen, Secretary for For
eign/ Affairs, declared international law
justified the British authorities in remov
ing from the seat of war undesirable per
sons. But Germany, he added, had ener
getically intervened In favor of those ex
pelled without cause or expelled with un
necessary harshness. Germany had also
formulated demands for compensation and
Great Britain had replied that she was
prepared to compensate those who Had
been unjustifiably expelled.
WTXI, ASK MEDIATION.
Now in His Possession.
Kruger May Make Public Documents
BRUSSELS. Nov. 23.— The- Solr this
evening says Mr. Kruger. on his arrival
at The Hague, will ask for mediation, and
if unsuccessful he will make public all the
documents of state in his possession
fchowing the secrets of the war. The
paper adds that Mr. Kruge* believes that
when Europe knows the truth it 'will pro
duce such an outburst of public opinion
that Great Britain will be compelled to
be less harsh.
The Solr adds that, failing this. Mr
Kruger will return to the Transvaal.
1 Irishmen Protest.
) CORK. Nov. 23.— As a protest against
the refusal of the Lord Mayor of Cork to
entertain a motion to confer the freedom
of the city, upon Mr. Kruger, the corpora
tion adjourned ¦ to-day, the adjournment
resolution being -adopted by a large ma
jority after an excltlnpr debate.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. *L— The
betrothal of Prince Louis Na
poleon Bonaparte to <i rand Duch
. ess Helen, daughter of the Grand
Duke Vladimir, is officially an
nounced. It cannot fall to strengthen '.ho
Bonapartists' cause in France and cor
respondingly weaken the republican Gov
ernment.
Prince Louis, who has been servlnjj for
the last fifteen years in the Rurslan army.
Is a general of cavalry, at the heaa of
the crack regiment, the Czarina's Lancers
of the Guard. He has all alorg been
treated at the court as a member ot the
Ru.-sian imperial family circle, and en
joys in a particular degree the frienJship
of the Czar.
The younger of the two sons of th<3 late
Prince Jerome Napoleon, who made him
the he!r to his political rights, having
disinherited and disowned the elder son,
Victor, his career appeals to the French
people, who have always had a weakness
for the "poldier on hprseback,"* whom
they now tind represented in the Russian
cavalry officer. Prince -Louis ha-s long
beon attentive ' to the Grand Duchess
Helen, a wayward Princes*, who two
years ago created a sensation by jilting
the heir to the throne of Baden on the
eve of the day appointed for tho wed
ding, and who lias since been credited
with an infatuation for her cousin. Grand
Duke Michael, younger brother and heir
to the Czar. ,-> ;
Ina5much as the orthodox Russian
church strictly prohibits marriages be
tween first cousins the Ducness has now
apparently made up her :nind that the
next best thing is to become a possible
Empress of the French.
GRAND DUCHESS HELEN AND PRINCE LOUIS NAPOLEON BONA
PARTE. WHOSE APPROACHING MARRIAGE IS EXPECTED TO
STRENGTHEN THE CAUSE.OF THE BONAPARTES IN FRANCE.
BROKER MAKES
AN ASSIGNMENT
Chester B. Lawrence Jr. Is
Financially Em
barrassed.
v «
Customers ; Chiefly Women, Many of
Whom Faint When Announce
ment of the Assignment
Is Made.
¦ ? .
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— Chester B. Law
rence Jr.. a member of the Consolidated
Stock Exchange, made an assignment to
day to George H.'Wolbert.
Among Lawrence's customers were
many women, and a number of them be
came hysterical in his office when the
assignment was announced. Lawrence,
who had five offices in this city, is said
to have been in difficulties for several
weeks, and his troubles were brought to
a head by a customer who has had Law
rence and Edward B. Underhlll, his office
manager, summoned to court on the ac
cusation of withholding her money and
bonds and refusing to give her an im
mediate statement.
The assignee said he knew nothing of
the assets or liabilities, and said he
would make no statement until after an
examination of the books had been mane.
Lawrence has done a large business for
several years. Several brokers were em
ployed to execute his orders on the Con
solidated Exchange. Edward Underhill,
who was known as the office manager, is
said to have been Lawrence's financial
backer. He organized branch offices in
different parts of the city and directed
the advertising, which was so extensive
that orders were received from every part
of the country. It is believed the liabili
ties will exceed $200,000.
Late this . afternoon fLawrence, with
"Wolbert, the assignee, and Edward B.
Underhill, manager of the business house,
were arrested by central ofllce detectives
and locked up In police headquarters.
They are charged with grand larceny on
tho specific complaint of Mrs. Catherine
Rouckendorf. .She claims that the stock,
broker has three $1000 bonds belonging to
her.
Lawrence became a member of the Con
solidated Exchange in March. 1899. He
is said to have done a very large busi
ness. Edward B. Underhill was the ac
tive manager of the concern, according to
the statement of the customers. Under
bill is paid to have extensive property In
this city and to be worth in his own right
probably a million dollars.
Events at the Horse Show.
The last day but one . of the horse
show week opened at Madison Square
Garden with but a handful of spectators
and these were gathered about the ring
side viewing a class of hackney brood
mares competing for the championship
ribbon- When the fln>t event, that for
the hackney mares, was concluded, th»
championship prizs was awarded to Vic
toria III, a chestnut mare exhibited by
F. 8. Stevens of Attica, N. Y. Another
class of hackneys, consisting of three
stalllens, with four of . their get, was
shown and closed the hackney exhibition
for the morning. Ponv stallions were
next shown. These classes were followed
by several events where trotting stallions
were Judged. Class 123 was the event of
the morning. This was the competition
of drivers In the .four- tn-hand class for
the prize offered by James H. Hyde. The
prize offered was $500 cash or plate ami
the requirement was that each driver
should handle the same team which was
furnished by the association. The follow
ing entered the contest: Henry Pellem.
Everett Webster. Harry Thomas Walter
Lee. John Canaway. James Sheldon, R.
F. Carman and Morris Howlett. The last
named won. He came here from London
especiallv. to participate in this class, and
holds the record of four-in-hand driving
on the continent.
Millionaire Bice's Will. \
Surrogate Fitzgerald heard argument to
day on the application to compel the pro
duction by Albert T. Patrick of a docu
ment dated June 13. 1S00, purporting to be
the last will . ot .William M. Rice, the
Texas millionaire. Patrick is now In' the
Tombs • on a charge of forging Rice s
name to two checks. . t The will was asked
for In order that - photographs might, b«
taken of it and a chemical analysis mada
by experts in order that: it might be de-
I termined whether it was a genuine docu
ment or a forgery. One of the objections
to the production of the paper was that
charges had been made against Patrick
of forgery. " The surrogate • reserved his
: decision r and directed . counsel to submit,
briefs o:i the la w of the case.
Calif ornians in New York.
' The following Californians are In New
York: From San Francisco— N. F.Amer,
at Navarre; : P.v Barnard, at Broadway
Central: Miss B. Bettman, at Empire: Mr.
Engdahl. at Astor; R.C. Kirk, at Hoff
man: Mrs. W. Wheeler., at Grand; P. S.
Johnson and wife, at Earllngton: W. U.
McClintoek, at Gilsey: C. J. Suter and
wife. > at Victoria: H. Swan and wife, -at
8t. Cloud: ' M.' Bulkier.- at St.- Denis. •
From; Los Angeles— M., A. Adler. at
Hoffman; Mrs." M. A. Brlggs. U. A; Craig,
nt Herald Square; W. S. Valentine/ at
-..¦.-- - . - - - . •. , -. *
Herbert Asquith Says They Are Far
Behind the Times in Techni
cal Education.
LONDON. Nov. 23.— Addressing the Jubi
lee banquet of the Leeds Chamber of Com
merce last evening. Herbert Henry As
oulth. radical member of Parliament for
East Fifeshlre and Secretary of State for
the Home Department In the last Liberal
Government, urgently appealed for re
forms In the British educational system,
especially In the direction of technical
education. Pointing to the rapid strides
the United States and Germany are mak
ing in commerce, he said:
"Considering our slovenly, unscientific
and ill-organized system of education the
only wonder is that we have been enabled
to maintain commercial rivalry with these
nations as well as we have."
APPEALS FOB REF0E.M
IN BBITISH SCHOOLS
MANCHESTER
IS A BANKRUPT
Duke Makes the Statement
JBefore the Registrar at
London.
About to Start for a Tour of the
United States and Further
Hearing of the Case Is
Postponed.
The Cabinet to-dav decided to recom
mend Queen Victoria to make Major Gen
eral Lord Kitchener a Lieutenant Gen
eral so as to enable him to take over the
supreme command in South Africa when
Lord Roberts leaves the country. ' "
New Exchequer Bonds. '
The Treasury has given notice of Iho
issue of £3.000.000 three per cent exchequer
bonds, payable in 1905.
A Berlin special savs:- Criminal Com
missioner Thiel, who. It was announced In
court yesterday, had absconded, has been
arrested. Thlel has been prominently con
nected with the case of Sternberg. the
Berlin banker, who has been on trial for
some time past, accused of an offense
against morality.
Croker in England. •; ;:
A special from Queenstown says: Rlcls
ard Croker looked somewhat indisposed
when the Cunard line steamer Lucanli
arrived here this afternoon. He said to
correspondents that h* was not in the
best of health. He had done much work
during the campaign and Intended to rest
in England and on the Continent for six
months. Mr. Croker declined to comment
on the charges made against American
Jockeys, nor would be refer to the Scotch
man 'il's running at Doncaster until he
knew the details. He eschewed politics
wholly.
New Honors for Kitchener.
The returning Canadians on board the
Hawarden Castle, due here next week,
will be lavishly entertained by a private
committee, of which Lord Grey Is chair
man. Three hundred teats have been se
cured at the various London theaters for
each night the Canadians are here. They
will be quartered at Kensington barracks,
where there will be excursions to Brigh
ton, "Woolwich and other points of Inter
est, including a' probable visit to the
Queen.
Commissioner Thisl Caught.
Counsel for the trustees said the com
mittee of inspection had agreed to an ad
journment. The Duke of Manchester, ne
asserted, was prepared to enter the box,
if desired, but counsel explained his cli
ent was going abroad and anticipated re
turning to England February 2, 1901.
The examination was adjourned to that
Will Welcome Canadians.
LONDON. Nov. 23.— The Duke of Man
chester, who sails for the United States
to-morrow, appeared before the registrar
in bankruptcy to-day, j The receiver told
the court that the case must be adjourned
as the accounts were not yet filed, al
though fully ¦ prepared. The liabilities
disclosed, he added, amounted to £37,000;
assets, £7545. The receiver asked for tirrre
to examine the accounts and interrogate
the debtor.
As no weapon was found on his person
it was at first believed to* be a case of
murder. Later developments show, how
ever, that the unfortunate man had no
money, and this, together with the na
ture of the wound, would appear to show
suicide. Probably some one robbed th»
suicide of the weapon with which death
inflicted.
REDDING. Nov. .23.— The body of a
man found last night on the road eleven
miles east of Redding is undoubtedly that
of Frank Michaels of Portland, Ore., al
though no one has as yet fully Identified
It. He came to Redding on the 19th lnst.
and went to Bully Hill for employment.
After working a few days he ault -and
started for Redding on foot. The life
less body was found on the roadside that
evening with a bullet In the head.
Theory, to Account for the Tragic
Death of Frank JMichael s.
PROBABLY A SUICIDE.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. Nov. 23.— Two
men out of eight arrested here to-day, and
charged with vagrancy, are suspected of
connection with the Iron Mountain train
robbery at Gifford Wednesday night. At
Stuttgart to-day Deputy Sheriff Joseph
Smith arrested five men supposed to be
the train robbers. The men were makine
their way north on the Cotton Belt road.
Suspected of Train Robbery.
ELDORADO, Kans., Nov. 23.— Judge
Shlnn this morning at the open
ing of the Jessie Morris'ort murder
case Intimated that there ha3
been an attempt to influence
jurors.
"Some one has been talking to jurors
who have been summoned in this case,"
said he, sternly.
"The case, I understand, has been dis
cussed among jurors and outsiders. Now,
I do not want any one to talk to jurors
about this case, and, furthermore, if I
learn of any one who has violated thl3
charge I will Instruct tiie Proaecutlnr; At
torney to proceed against him at once.
Men who have been summoned tor this
trial must not, discuss it among them
selves."
The selection of a Jury was than re-
sumed. One of the men examined. J. J.
Johnson, asked whether or not any one
had discussed the case with him, admit
ted that a man whose name he did not
know had talked It over with htm this
morning. He was excused.
At 10 o'clock the court announced a
recess of an hour to wait for the arrival
of more of the venire of two hundred
summoned yesterday. No progress had
been made when at 11:30 inother recess
was taken.
Deputies are scouring the country to
serve the warrants issued yesterday, but,
as yet.* only a limited number of pros
pective jurors have straggled into court.
CHICAGO, Nov. 23.— To-day's session
of the National Irrigation Consress was
devoted to papers and addresses pertain
ing exclusively to the question of prac
tical watering and reclamation of arid
lands and arid plant life.
The • feesslon 'was called to order at 11
o'clock. Judge E. F. Best, Washington,
D. C., presiding. Wesley A. Stuart of
Sturgls, S. D.", was Introduced and spoke
on "What the National Irrigation Asso
ciation Stands For."
S. M. Emory, president of the Montana
Horticultural Society of Bozeman, fol
lowed with a paper on "Practical Irriga
tion."
"Irrigation and Increased Production" '
was discussed by Professor F. H. King of
the Wisconsin Agricultural Experiment
Station.
A letter from Professor E. B. Voorhces
of the New Jersey Agricultural Experi
ment Station was read. It dealt with j
"Profits From . Irrigation in the East." j
Professor Voorhees said:
"Farmers in the East frequently have
their crops ruined or partially so, by lack
of sufficient water, due to a lack of fore
thought and expenditures, which will re
sult in full crops.
"Throughout the entire East, as in the
States bordering on the Atlantic, the
question of irrigation is a practical one,
worthy of study, and its proper solution
will mean much to the people in the util
ization of their natural resources. Facil
ities should be provided by the States or
by the Government, for a further study
of the problems involved in the practical
working out of a system."
The following was sent to President Mc-
Kinley: »
"The ninth session of the National Irri
gation Congress, now in session in Chl
j cago, respectfully urges that in your mes
sage to Congress you call attention to the
national importance of tho preservation
j of our forests and of the extension and
i conservative use of the forest reserves;
! and further, that we emphasize the need
of national action to store the flood
waters that now go to waste."
Former Governor Prince of New Mexico
submitted the following resolution:
•"That the Congress of the United States
be requested so to amend the law usually
known as the Carey act as to make it ap
ply to the Territories .as well as to the
States."
The resolution was referred to the com
mittee on resolutions. John Henry Smith
of Salt Lake then spoke on "The Subju
gation of the Deserts," after which a re
cess ,was taken. ...
At the afternoon session ] a letter was
read from Secretary Wilson, dealing with
"Forestry and Irrigation." .•¦» '.
Arid plant life was discussed in a paper
on "New Crops for Arid Lands" by Fred
erick- V. Colville, botanist of the United
States Department of Agriculture. .
"An Indispensable Factor in Success"
was the topic of a paper by Henry James,
editor of the Forester of Washington.
D. C.
"The Water Supply of Cities'.' was the
topic of a paper by J. W. Towmey of the
Forest School, New Haven.
The last paper of the afternoon was by
L. G. Powers, chief statistician in charge
of agriculture, twelfth census, of tho
United States, on "Irrigation and Agricul
tural Developments."
After the conclusion of the papers B.
Booth of Los Angeles, Cal.. chair
man of the committee on permanent or
ganization, submitted Its report recom
mending the election of the following of
ficers: President,. Thomas F. Walsh,
Washington, D. C. : first vice president.
Former Governor L. Bradford Prince of
New Mexico; second vice president, F. B.
Thurber, New York; H. B. Maxon, secre
tary, Nevada.
It was recommended that members of
the executive eommlttee and one vice
president be named by delegates from
each State represented.
The committee also recommended that a
field association meeting be held at Colo
rado Springs, Colorado, in 1901. .lust prior
or subsequent to the trans-Mississippi
Congress at Cripple Creek. Colo.
The committee recommended that the
next annual session of the congress be
held at Buffalo. N. Y., in Cctober, 1901.
Secretary Wilson's letter was in part as
follows:
The water problem, like the forest problem.
Is essentially and primarily one of conservation
and use. The waste of water In floods and the
waste of forests by flre are paral
lel losses. each utterly hostile to th»
best Interest . of the farmer and of
the nation at • large, and each prpvent
able by perfe#ly well-known means. Enlight
ened public opinion ana the use of expert skill
nre the two forces which Are indispensable If
we are to save the forests and store the floods.
In accordance with the admirable motto of
your Congress. The creation of public senti
ment will be Immensely forwarded by your
meetin«r» and you mar safely look to the na
tional Government for some part at least of
the trained skill to study the water problems
which confront the Irrlgator and to make the
forests of the great West and of the East as
well yield their products year after year and
decade after decade in unbroken abundance.
The vast developments which you are plan
ning can become permanent only by the Junc
tion of wise conservatism with energy, and the
natural resources, which have cost you nothing,
must be protected and husbanded with the
Fame trained car* which you are making ready
to bestow upon vast systems of artificial works
for irrigation. The chief dangers which
threaten your plans — one, the failure to secure
the building of these great works: the other,
the failure . to protect the : forests from which
your waters come— are best met. like - m<**t
dangers which threaten our country by the
broad diffusion of wise principles and ways of
thought among the people. : The two sister
organizations which are striving for the ob
jects you have In view — the National Irrigation
Association and the American - Forestry Asso
cltlon—arc, perhaps, the most useful agentg at
your command for this purpose. Use and sup
port- them ¦ to: the full and -see- to It that In
every city, town and village. Hast and We«;
the people understand the vital interest of the
whole nation inthe protection and wise us«
of the forests and the stream.
Thomas F. Walsh of Colorado was the
first- speaker at - the : nlirtit- session, ' his
theme being "Gold and Sliver Mining and
the Markets They Afford." John W.-Ela
of Chicago followed with "a short addrrs^
on n. "Forecast of the Future." Mr. E1&
dwelt entirely upon; the future of .the
country, when a large part of the arid
lands shall have been reclaimed, and as
serted that the formation of t these lands
into 'small farms was. to be one of, the
great sources of the. welfare of the coun
try. In the time to come. .. '
DwightB. Heard: of Arizona read aipa
per on . "Government Irrigation Works In
India and Egypt." Alexander. H.Revell
of Chicago spoke upon "The, Grandest Op
portunity In the Pathway -of Nations."
Frederick H. Newell, hyd rographer of the
United States Geological Survey.'.dellvered
an Illustrated lecture upon "Our : National
Irrigation Resources."
The ¦. business meeting* of •• the . congress
will be resumed at 11:30 o'clock to-morrow
morning.. Preceding the business meeting
there will: be addresses by ?a j number of
speakers upon matters c6nnected with Ir
rigation. ' . . "¦¦¦¦'
Resolution Requesting the
Amending, 'o'f Carey Act
So It Will Apply-to
Territories.
Day's Session of
National Irriga
tion Congress.
MANY PAPERS READ
WORKING FOR
RECLAMATION OF
DESERT LANDS
PAUL KRUGER
NOW THE IDOL
OF THE FRENCH
Is Enthusiastically
Greeted at Every
Station.
ANTI-ENGLISH CRIES
Former President of Trans
vaal Thanks Admirers
and Talks in Hope
ful Strain.
DIJON. France. Now 23.— Mr. Kruger
has become for the moment at least the
popular idol of the French. His triumph
am progress northward through the coun
try from Marseilles to Dijon has placed
this beyond doubt. He met with a tre
mendous reception in each town along the
route where the train stopped, culminat
ing in scenes of frenzied enthusiasm here
thif evening calculated to turn the head
ot anj man. .
The population of Marseilles gathered
In thousands this morning to escort him tj
the rA'Jroad station and gave him a rous
ing <end-<:fl. while at Tarasotm. Avignon,
Valencia. Lyons, Macol and Dijon the in
habitants who crowded the railroad sta
tions made the rafters tremble with en
thusiastic shouts ot "Vive Kruger 1 ' and
"Vive log Boers."
The demonstration was all the more
significant because it shows the fervid ac
clamations at Marseilles were not merely
an explosion of exuberance on the part of
the warm-hfartcd and excitable populac
of a Finny clime, but sentiments shared
with even great* r intensity by the usualiy
lefs demonstrative and colder bloodeJ in
habitants of the northern provinces.
The warmth of th-e enthusiasm Increased
instead of decreased as might have rea
sonably been expected from the difference
in character of the inhabitants in prov
inces through which Mr. Kruger passed,
but one of the most important phases of
the demonstration was the turn it took
in an anti-British direction. The few
criminally foolish Englishmen whose ill
timed levity at the Hotel Du Louvre in
.Marseilles exasperated the people in the
streets there never dreamed of the conse
quences of their act. They soweu the
wind and to-day the English people are
naping the whirlwind.
'1 ne news of the supposed insult to Mr.
Krugw f^eenis to have spread across
liance, and at nil stations, out especially
at Lyons and Dijon, shouts for the Buers
v ere mingled with lou<i cries of "Down
v ith the iJnglish:" indeed, at Lyons the
denunciations »i the Knglish drowned the
shouting for the Boers. This is the dis
turbing feature which is universally dis
cussed. Fears are expressed that to
morrow's reception in Paris may assume
a character calculated to arouse the leel
irig of Oreat Britajn against France to
fiich an extent as to result in unpleasant
relations between the two countries.
The warmth of enthusiasm reached in
Marseilles yesterday palpably raised the
f-j;irits of Mr. Kruger and his advisers to
a high pitch. The faces of Dr. Leyds. Mr.
I'ischer and others, which on the evt of
the arrival of Mr. Kruger revealed the
pnxiety which they felt regarding his re
< option, were to-day lighted up with hap
jiine^s and confidence. Evldentlv hops
had revived in all that his mission to
Kurope would be crowned with success,
Mr. Fischer spoke to Mr. Kruger to-day
regarding the visit of the Boer envoys to
the I'nited States and told him of the
wc-lcome they had received there from
the American people. He expressed hlm
reif grateful to know that so many Amer
icans had expressed sympathy with the
cause of the Transvaal, adding that he
was not surprised to learn this, as he had
expected all along that the freedom-loving
citizens of the American republic would
stand by the Boers in the struggle to de
fn;d the liberty which they had pre
viously won for themselves.
To-rlay Mr. Kroger wa« dressed in fa
mliiar attire, wearing the rosette o* the
l^cicn of Hcnor in a buttonhole of his
overcoat! As soon as jhe train left Mar
seilles, amid dfafenlng salvos, he took a
teat in the salmon in an arm chair amid
his friendr. where he pat for the most ol
the time silent, listening to the conversa
tion going on around him and puffing hi3
big bowled pipe-
At Tarascon delegations awaiting the
Train's arrival on the platform presented
addresses and bouquets. He made his ap
pearance nt the window and bowed In re
tponse to the cheering. Similar scenes
took place at Avignon and Valencia,
¦where the platform in each case was black
•wish people. Numbers climbed upon the
rocf of the trains waiting at the station
and some clambered to the roof of Mr.
Krug»r'p own car.
During the run through the rural dis
tricts the train passed groups of peasan
Try. who waved handkerchiefs and hats
find cheered. At one point women ha-1
climbed the trees, and clinging to the
branches with on" hand, they waved
handkerchiefs with the other. At several
points infantrymen and cm-a'.rymen en
foot drew up near the roadside, whirle 1
their hats around their head? and gave
Th<> military salute.
The most remarkable demonstration
alone the r<">ute occurred at Lyons station.
A« the 'rain slowed down on entering the
town tr*«» wiirlnws and roofs of houses
Tvithin view were seen to be occupied by
perple. When it stepped in the wide, lofty
station, every inch was covered with h
concourse ct thousand*, who sent up
in'ghty shouts of "Long live Kruger,' 1 ami
'TViwn with the English.:* Again and
strain the rafters resounded with the plau
dits for the Bikers and the anti-English
«-H«>s. It was a memorable scene.
The jx»opi»« swarmed on th* eteps and
r-»ofs of th* train, and even clambered on
Hie locomotive. Many clung to the gas
lames and here also a few climbed to the
roof of Mr. Kruger's car.
! Outside the station stood a still greater
assembly awaltfntr to witness the presen
tation of the address of the municipal
authorities in the square in front of the
station. Mr. Krugcr and his friends
alighted from the carriage and proceeded
through the station to the square, which
]<es high above the level of the town. The
r-Temony of presentation took place on a
jiarapet which looked down upon a sea of
upturned faces. A Frenchman* held a
tricolor beside Mr.- Kruger as he replied
to the address, which breathed sympathy
pnd admiration, and when he concluded
ihe cheers were renewed. He bowed and
T. - aved Ms hat r,et>eated1y. returning then
in the station. The train started again.
many persons clinging to the footboard
rrf the carriage to shake Mr. Kruger's
hands.
As the train passed over the Rhone the
pap^Tijrers could see thousands massed
along the ri\ - er fide and on the suspension
bridge higher up the river. Their hoarse
• heers came faintly to Mr. Kruger's ears,
hut the waving hats and handkerchiefs
r-nuld hp distinctly seen. He stood at the
¦window howfnsr until lost to view.
A noteworthy feature in the crowd at
Lvoris was the presence of .a number
of French officers in uniform, who Joined
heartily In the cheering. Their scarlet
cap?, with prtld embroidery, were conspic
uous. At other stations officer? ran as
eagerly as anyone from one end of the
<*ar to the other to catch a glimpse of
Mr. Kruger's features and to join in the
acclamations.
The Boer statesman and his friends
were much elated, but they had never
foreseen the still more elaborate enthusi
asm that was awaiting tbeir arrival at
rMJon. which they reached at 5:15 p. m.
The municipality had taken matters Into
it* own hands, not leaving the reception
to private committee*, a? at Marseille!!,
and the result was a demonstration 'such
as never before Had oeen -witnessed with
in the memory of the oldest inhabitants.
The route from the station to the Hotel
Cloche, where Mr. Krurer.was to pass
the night, was illuminated with a double
tow of lanterns, and the street -was dec
orTtP<J with .bunting in which the' Boers*
cof »s were prominently displayed. -Cafes
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— Bishop Henry
'C. Potter to-day delivered an addre?3 on
"God and the City" Jn St. Paul's chapel.
in which he suggested the organization of
a vigilance committee of 25.U0O reformers
to cleanse the cfty of vice. He favored a
central committee of three or five men.
under whose orders the public committee
should act. The Bishop said in part :
"In New York to-morrow there could be
organized a vigilance committee such a*
was In San Fnanctsco of 23,000 men sworn
to service for three years and pledged by
night and by day, when their business and
their opportunities give them the freedom
for it, to see for themselves whether our
souls had been smitten with the sorrow
of that little victim of five years who was
picked up m the street the other day In
broad daylight and ravished by a brute
who had lived here. Would such things
be possible in a God-fearing community .*
"No, men and brethren, not If you and
I had our eyes open and kept them open
and stood where God calls us to stand to
day. And then, finally, we must have not
on.y vigilance but persistence.
"We shall not recrem New York, men
and brethren, by emotions; we shall not
redeem it by denunciation; we shall not
redeem it by pessimistic temper that
wraps Its, garment around it and turns it3
back upon It. There are burning with
zeal and enthusiasm and a high purpose
"of sacrifice in thl» great city to-day great
multitudes of men and women. They are
of different religions: they must forget
that. They are of different nationalities:
they must forget that. They are of dif
ferent political associations; most of all.
they must forget that. And If. having
reached that point, we could find three or
five men whom all of us trusted and be
llexed in (there are hundreds of them) and
.say to these three or five, men: 'Now,
then, tell us what you want us to do.
i where you want me to stand, what rela
tion you want our party, our church, our
organization to bear toward the better
ment of New York. We will trust your
Judgment: we will follow your lead and
j the work Is done/ Next to that in thl9
seevice of enlightened soul we want vigi
lance."
Lawlessness May Be Ended
in Gotham as It Was in San
Francisco Years Ago.
ARMY OF WORKEBS
Plan Of Bishop Pot
ter for Cleansing
New York.
SUGGESTS
BIG VIGILANCE
COMMITTEE
GRAND DUCHESS HELEN
TO WED A BONAPARTE
Wayward Daughter of Vladimir Will Become
the Wife of Prince Louis Napole'on.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY; NOVEMBER 24, 1900.
of Jessie Morrison.
Kansas Court Threatens to Prosecute Friends
JURORS INFLUENCED
IN A MURDER TRIAL
MISS JESSIE MORRISON. WHO IS ON
TRIAL. FOR MURDER. AND MRS.
CASTLE, HER VICTIM.
The Oldest Banknote.
This note is In the- possession of th« Bank of
England. It is dated December 19. 1699. and Is
for 655 pounds.' but on account of Its ago same
Is mad* very valuable. One of the ©Meat and
most valuable stomach medicines before the
public Is Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. For the
part «y. years it has been the standard of such
remedies for dyspepsia. Indigestion, biliousness
nervousness -or Insomnia. It will effect a cure
» tea t^btvilY taken.. -
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO ARGUMENT NEEDED.
Every Sufferer From Catarrh Knows
That Salves, Lotions, Washes,
Sprays and Douches Do
v Not Cure.
Powders, lotions, salves, sprays and in-
halers cannot really cure Catarrh, because,
this disease is a blood disease, and local
applications. If they accomplish anything
at all. simply give transient relief.
The catarrhal poison Is In the blood and
the mucous membrane of the nose, throat
and trachea tries to relieve the system by
secreting large quantities of mucus, tha
discharge sometimes closing up the nos-
trils, dropping Into the throat, causing
deafness by closing the Eustachian tubes,
and after a time causing catarrh of stom-
ach or serious throat and lung troubles.
A remedy to really cure catarrh must b*
an internal remedy which will cleanse
the blood from catarrhal poison and re-
move the fever and congestion frcm the
mucous membrane.
The best and most modern remedies for
this purpose are antiseptics scientifically
known as Eucalyptol. Gualacol. San-
guinaria and Hydrastin. and while each
of these have been successfully used sep-
arately, yet It has been difficult to get
them all combined in one palatable, con-
venient and efficient form.
The manufacturers of the new catarrh
cure. Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, have suc-
ceeded admirably In accomplishing this
result. They are large, pleasant tasttns
lozenges, to be dissolved In the mouth,
thus reaching every part of the mucous
membrane or the throat and finally the
stomach.
Unlike many catarrh remedies, Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets contain no cocaine, opiate
or any Injurious drug whatever and are
equally beneficial for little children and
adults!
Mr. C. R. Rembrandt of Rochester. N.
T.. says: "I know of few people who have
suffered as much as I from Catarrh of
the head, throat and stomach. >. used
eprays, inhalers and powders for months
at a time with only slight relief and had.
no hope of cure. I had not the means tr»
make a change of climate, which seemed
my only chance of cure.
"Last spring I read an account cf som*
rerrarkable cures made by Stuarts Ca-
tarrh Tablets and promptly bought a fifty-
cent box from my druggist nna obtained
&uch positive benefit from that one pack-
age that I continued to use them dally
until I now consider mys»lf> entirely fre»
frcm the dl?scustlnsr annoyance af catarrh:
my head «s clear, my digestion all I could
ask and my hearing, which had begun to
fail as a result of the catarrh, has greatly
Improved, until I feel I can hear as well
as ever. Thev are a househ>I<J necessity
In my family." , « .
Stuarfs Catarrh Tablets are sold by
druggists at B0 cents for comc^te treat-
ment, and for convenience. »afety and
prompt results they are undoubtedly the.
long looked for catarrh cure, j •
1. MEYERS I CO, £I0Z&
Specialists. Disease fS&Ti W
and weakness of v gJ
men. Established JSf, ; fjSSjr***
188L Consultation MWt aS» \2*^
and private book VSr-. 1 /A|
free, at of3ce or by SfcAJ
mail. Cures guar- KwJi^aSlF^ff*
anteed. 7.°,1 Mar- iWttflQM
ket street (elevator J/rBftnjC
j
C* ?PAT E NTSl' J)
MARKER ST.ar^SS^
NEW WBSTJRN HOTEL,
KEARN'T AXb WASHINGTON STS.— IUE-
modeled and renamed. KINO. WARD *
CO. European plan, kocmt, W« to H 50 day;
tito<« ¦we-lc: W to Sttfmonth. rr*« baths: hot
and cold water every pom: flr« grate* la tv»rjf
room; e:«v»tor r«* f\ olJ&tt- -
IWALTER BROOKING OF SMITH RIVER. FOR WHOM SCORES OF MEN
"HAVE BEEN VAINLY SEARCHING IN THE MOUNTAIN WILDS OF
DEL NORTE COUNTY.
For a Cold in the Head.
- Laxative Brozno-Qtiinine Tablets. •
Head James Whitcomb Riley's
Thanksgiving poem in to-morrow's
Call
TWO LASSEN COUNTY
OFFICIALS PASS AWAY
Supervisor Gilbert Bromby and Aud
ditor George McDennott Die
on the Same 'Day.
W. H. Lawrence.
STJSANVILLE, Nov. 23.— Death claimed
two Lassen County officials yesterday.
Gilbert Bromby, Supervisor from the
Third District, died at the German.Hos
pital, where he had been treated a month.
He is survived by a widow and several
children. Mr. Bromby was about 43 years
old and a native of Illinois. He came to
Lassen County and engaged in farming
fifteen years ago.
George McDermott, County Auditor and
Recorder, died last evening of acute pneu
monia, after an illness lasting only four
days. His death was hastened by the
fact that he had been partially paralyzed
since he was 14 years old. He was born
in Lassen County thirty years ago on the
farm where he resided with his parents
until elected to office.
Both of these officials were elected on
the Republican ticket two years ago.
Their deaths necessitate > the Board of
Supervisors appointing- - a Recorder and
the Governor a new Supervisor to fill the
vacancies.
CLEVELAND. Nov. 2X— W.- H. Law
rence, president of the National Carbon
Company, better known * as the Carbon
Trust, died early to-day at his home in
I>over. a suburb. In July last Mr. Law
rence met with an accident, receiving in
juries that necessitated the amputation
of his arm, and he failed to rally. from
the shock. Mr. Lawrence, was 60 years
old.
W. C. Chapman.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. W. C. Chap
man, a pioneer, died to-day, aged 72 years.
He had resided ' here many years.
Mrs. Minnie Wright.
PRESCOTT, A. ,T., Nov. 23.— Mrs. i Min
nie TVrlfht. formerly, prominent in mual
cal circles in L09 A^eeles, died here o?
pneumonia last night.
INSPECTS NEW EOAD
CROSSING THE "GAP''
H. E. Huntington Gives Assurance
That Trains Will Be Running
in January.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. 23 — Viet
President H. E. Huntington, Genera
Manager J. Kruttschnltt, Chief Englnee:
William Hood and other officials arrivec
In Mr. Huntingdon's private car at noor
to-day from an inspection of the newlj
constructed portion of the coast line
They stopped a few minutes to chat wltt
a delegation from the Chamber of Com
merce. headed by President Maulsby. Mr
Huntington said that the new road wa<
the best piece of work ever done for hi;
company. He was greatly pleased witt
the way It has withstood the recent
rains. No damage has been done to an3
part of it- He was not prepared to saj
definitely when the line would be openet
to traffic, but said thro-fh «ervir*» bv i-~.
uary 15 was assured. Less conservatiT*
officials place the date at New -Year's.
SAX DIEGO. Not. 23. — The work of con-
Btructlon. on the handsome building ro tw
erected with the money given to San Diegc
for a new public library; building by Andrew
Carne^e is to be commenced on December 3.
A delay of almost a month was &cea.«ion»-i bj
the i fact that It wa» found that one of ¦ ttu
minor officials of the city, a Cemetery Com
nJesloner. wm Interested In , cue of the con
tracts, and the bids had to be called for a sec
ond time. The hb( Una obtained the con
tact.; but th* official has meanwhile resignm!
his position. . . .
Thirty Years in Prison. ,
SAN JOSE, Nov. 23.- A. Sllva, a Gllroy
rancher, was to-day sentenced by Superior
Judge Lorigan to serve a term of thirty
vears in San Quentln. Sllva was con
victed of criminal assault on his 13-year
old daughter. An attempt was made to
secure a new trial, but this was denied by
the court.
The Day's Dead.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 23. — President
Mitchell of the United Mine Workers of
America to-day granted 20CQ miners of
Hopkins County. Kentucky, permission to
strike to-morrow. They are thoroughly
organized and will demand higher wages.
Organizer Evans left to-day for West
Virginia ft organize the State sufficiently.
if possible, to Justify Its being brought
Into the competitive field.
Kentucky Miners to Strike.
GRASS VALLEY. Nov. 23.— William
Connelly received probably fatal Injuries
while working- In the shaft of the Perrin
mine this morning. His skull was frac
tured and his shoulder badly bruised. He
had loaded a car and sent it "to the surface
from the «00 level, but before reaching
the landing the cable broke and the car
fell back into the shaft with fearful ve
locity. The car jumped the track, thus
retarding its downward speed, but the
wheels and part of the gearing became
detached and fell, striking Connelly.
Injured in a Mine.
The young man who accompanied Em
mington up to the time of the shooting Is
mill detained here. The police authorities
in San Francisco have been notified and
will send a man over to-morrow to see If
he Is wanted by them on any charge.
"Jimmy" Davis, the name he gives, Is
not believed to be his true name.
Randolph la doing well at the prison
hospital and It Is expected he will be
about In a few days. The date of Em
mlngton's hearing has not yet be«n set.
SAX RAFAEL. Nov. 23.— J. Emmington.
the ex-convict, who shot Guard Samuel
Randolph at Point San Quentin yesterday,
was closely question by the officers whlla
in jaiL He claims to have acted in self
defense, alleging that Randolph had hold
of him at the time he ehot. He ad
mitted that he 'did not like the guard,
but denied that he went to the Point to
look for him.
Guard Randolph Because the
Latter Attacked Him.
Ex-Convict Alleges He Wounded
SONOMA. Nov. 23.— As the sequel to a
joke and a wager, two prominent Swiss-
Italian residents of this city went to
San Francisco yesterday to be married.
They are Miss Katie Riebli. the daugh
ter of a well-known dairyman, and E.
Forni, a business man here.
About a month ago a business associate
of Mr. Forni Jokingly declared that the
latter could not win the heart of the
fair Miss Riebli within a month. Now,
Mr. Forni has always reirarded himself as
something of a lien among the ladles. He
took the challenge seriously and a wager
of $20 was made that he would wed Miss
Rtebli within the time limit. A bystander
ofTered S3 on the same terms and Mr.
Forci snapped It up.
The business man Immediately laid
seige to the citadel of the young lady's
affections. In the last hours of the
month she consented to marry him, and
they have gone to the bay city to be
made husband and wife. Although the
ceremoy will hax^e been performed one
day later than the allotted time, the gen
tlemen who made the wager eay they will
instruct the stakeholder to turn the mon
ey over to Mr. Forni on his return home.
The parents of the bride are indignant
over the affair and threaten to disown
her. They declare she was Ignorant of
the manner in which Mr. Forni was first
Induced to attempt to win her affections,
and that she would never have consented
to marry him had she known of the
wager.
EMHTNGTON CLAIMS HE
SHOT IN SELF-DEFENSE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sonoma Merchant Wins His
Friend's Coin and a
Bride.
WAGER MADE IN
JEST LEADS TO
WEDDING RITES
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 23.— The morning
train on the Santa Fe went as far as
Orange and returned. The washouts at
Santa Ana River are not y3t repair**!
Wnlle officials believe that they will be
able to get a train -through by Saturday
night, some of those working on the line
believe It will be Monday or Tue3tlay be
fore that Is accomplished. Some mail
which bad accumulated at Los Angeles
prior to last evening was sent here by the
steamer Queen, arriving this morning.
Harry Co'rson Clarke, billed to appear
here to-night, did not get through, and
Ncrris* dog and pony show Is on the
other, side of the break. The Georgia
Minstrels -were • caught -on this side and
have been showing nightly at Santa Ana.
Yet Bepaired.
Washouts at Santa Ana River Not
NO TBAINS TO SAN DIEGO.
It xrajs decided to send H. P. V,"ood. the
secretary of the chamber, to Washington
to do what he can to help the proposed
legislation- Mr. Wood went to the capi
tal two years ago on a similar mission
and Is well equipped for the work.
SAN" DIEGO, Nov. 23.— A meeting of the
board of directors of the Chamber of
Commerce was held this afternoon to con
sider the Nlcaraguan canal question and
the advisability, of sending a representa
tive from here • to Washington to aid
Congressman Needham In his work for
the canaL A paper was read by R. H.
Young of the local committee on the'
Nlcaraguan canal and Its sentiments were
Indorsed by the directors.
Lend Assistance to Repre
sentative Needham.
San Diego Chamber of Commerce to
WILL SEND DELEGATE
TO WOEK FOB CANAL
Th« unfortunate man went from one
faint to another and at last was unable to
drag himself along. In the morning he
was found under the- shadow of a small
oak tree beside the trail by his brother,
William Hollls. • For some time it was
feared the Injured man would die from
the exposure, but he has survived and his
leg may be saved.
At first he tried to open the trap, but
the two heavy springs defied his efforts.
Sawing at them with his pocket knife
produced no results. Hollis next removed
the heavy chain and drag which were
fastened to the trap and commenced to
crawl toward home through the storm.
At intervals he discharged his ri3e to call
assistance, but Its reports were drowned
In the noise of the gale.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 23.— Caught In the
tooth-shod jaws of a beartrap, Ray
Hollls battled with the storm and what
seemed certain death on the steep hills
back of Chlleno Valley all of Tuesday
night. "When found by his brother in the
rrornlng he was almost unconscious and
his leg was terribly lacerated .
Last week a large panther had been
seen in the locality and Hollis set a bear
trap on the trail on the ridge where its
tracks had been found. Late Tuesday
afternoon he wept to inspect his trap, but
was unable to locate It. He huntea
around for it until dark, and, as It was
raining hard, started for home, having
given up his quest. Suddenly he was
thrown to the ground and the giant jaws
of the trap had fastened their teeth Into
his leg.- He had stumbled upon It in the
darkness. .'
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Gblleno Valley Man's Awful
Experience Throughout.
Tuesday Night.
HELD PRISONER
BY BEARTRAP IN
FURIOUS STORM
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 23.— The suit of
Mrs. Teresa Bell against the Ruinart
stock farm, of which State Senator R.
Porter Ashe is the principal owner, was
called in Judge Burnett'3 department of
the Superior Court here this morning.
The action Is brought to recover ~\e
stock farm property, Mrs. Bell calming
that Senator Ashe et al. did not~ pay
the yearly rental of $1000 when it ras
due, on the first of Ia3t January-
One of the features of the case was the
Introduction of the testimony of Mrs.
Mary E. Pleasant, familiarly known as
"Mammy" Pleasant. It was In the form
of a deposition taken in San Francisco.
She testified that Mr. Ashe had said ue
could not pay the rent In advance, that
he needed the money to fix up the place,
and would pay the rent at the end of the
year. A stipulation was made by Mrs.
Bell that the stock farm company was
not to cut any trees to build a race
track. -"Mammy" said Senator Ashe had
promised to pay the money to the Santa
Rosa Bank, but never did it.
Senator Ashe was on the witness stand
the greater part of the day. He ad
mined having had a conversation with
"Mammy" Pleasant after the lease had
' been made and said that she told him
; he could have until December 31 of each
year to pay the rent. This enabled him
to use the money for the first year's ren
tal to make Improvements. Mrs. Pleas
ant the Senator declared, said that Mrs.
Bell expressed herself as satisfied with
the arrangement.
Senator Ashe in the course of his tes
timony niaintaineu that the Ruinart
stock farm corporation had expended at
least $15,000 In Improvements. He claimed
that the present action was prematurely
brought, and his company had six weeks
in which to pay the rent, which would
not fall due until December 31.
Mrs. Bell took the stand and testified
that the year's r^nt of 11000. due on Jan
uary 1, laOO. under the written lease,
had not been paid. She denied that there
had been any agreement for a modifica
tion of the terms of the lease.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Trial ol the Suit Against
Rulnart Stock Farm
Company.
SENATOR ASHE
AND MRS. BELL
AS WITNESSES
BEGEROW JURY
FAILS TO REACH
AN AGREEMENT
Slayer of Cech and Berger
Must Again Stand
Trial.
Babbi Voorsanger Lectures, •
PSTALl'MA. Nov. 22.— Rabbi Voorsar.g
er lectured last evecias on "The. Jew. '
A large audience heard h.m. The Iectuit
was given under the auspices of the Star
lecture series, the third lecture of th-e
course. The rabbi said that to the Jew
the world owed Its bt-st Institutions. H
had started the civilization of to-day. h«
jave to the world Its inost valuable writ
fn?i. and he was the originator of th>-
Christianity that now encompasses til*
earth.
Mis3 Helen Batni HL
ST. PAUL. Nov. K.-MS33 Helen Balrd.
leading lady in the '"Man From Mexico"
Company, la dangerously 111 with typhoid
pneumonia at St. Luke's Hospital In this
city. Mts3 Baird was taken lit while in
Butte. Mont., but continued her role until
finally compelled to give up.
.j. .5.
no time was any graver charge than
manslaughter considered, and it is said
the jurors stood six for manslaughter to
six for acquittal.
On July 15 last Begero-w shot and killed
Joseph Cech and August Berger at the
picnic of the San Francisco brewers h^-td
in this city. He was a Constable at Al
viso at the time, and became Involved in
trouble with the two" men and others \z
the bar en the grounds. He placed Geors;^
Smith, aiias "Bismarck." under arrest
ana started to leave with the prisoner.
Cech and Berger took the prisoner away
from the offlcer and struck him several
times. A club Begerow tried to use was
knocked from his hand. Later the Con
stable drew a revolver, and. after firing
one shot In the air. shot the two men
dead.
Begerow was on trial for the murder of
Cech once before, and the case had pro
ceeded to the beginning of the argument
when Juror Benjamin fled to Australi-i.
It then became necessary to try the case
over aeain.
Judge Lorigan set Monday, December
3 as the time for the retrial of Begerow
for the murder of Cech. The Berger kill
ing will be taken up when this case Is
disposed of.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN JOSE, Nov. 23.— The jury In the
trial of Frederick Begerow. ex-Constable
of Alvlso, for the murder of Joseph Cech.
failed to agree on a verdict and was dis
charged at 4 o'clock this afternoon. It
had beer, out, since yesterday noon. At
Postofflce discontinued: California —
Kenfion, Shasta County. Mall should be
sent to Redding.
Postmasters commissioned: California:
Elizabeth Kirkwood, Roundtop. Oregon-
Fred C. Doeraer, Croy.
Postmasters appointed: California — E.
E. Metzger, Barryessa, Santa Clara
County, vice G, "W. Lake, resigned. Ora
Oak, Cucamonga. San 'Bernardino County,
vice J. L. West, resigned; A. J. Van
Matre, Knob, Shasta County, vice W. H.
Whybark, resigned; G. W. Millsaps Jr..
Millsaps, Glenn County, vice Walter
Roden, resigned.
Pensions Issued: California — Original —
Benjamin F. Gates, Votate, $S; James
McCable. Veterans" Home, Napa. $5. In
crease—David Ford. Fullerton, $10. Mexi
can War Survivors — Increase — Alexander
McCauley, Veterans" Home. Napa. $12.
War with Spain— Original— Elvino S. War
ner. San Francisco, $12.
Oregon — Increase — Boyd Cannady, Phllc
math. $10.
Washington— Original— Harvey B. Rls
ley. Seattle, $S. Additional— William
Cramer, Spokane. $10; Orln Coates. Kettle
Falls. $S. Original widows — Leah J. Prow
ell. Wenatchee, $S; Effle A. Glrton, Ta
coma. $S.
sions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— Postofflces es
tablished: Oregon — Culver, Crook Coun
ty, Ora G. Culver, Postmaster. Washing
ton—Doty, Lewis County. Chauncey A.
Doty, Postmaster.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen-
INTEBESTS THE COAST.
Willianis Cast Hearing the End.
STOCKTON, Nov 23.— District Attorney
A*h!ey cor.yamed tie entire court session
to-day with his dising argument In the
Williams murder else. The case will go
to th« Jury on the travelling of court to
morrow.
PETALTJMA. Nov. 13. — Arthur J. Volk
erts, slxteen-.-ear-oId son of Mr. and .*Irs.
E<5. Volkerts, tras the victim of a serious
ehotrun accident this morning at his pa
rent*' ranrh it CanSe'd. The boy wi»a
hunting quail «.nd after climbing- through
a fenc« he attempted to draw his loaded
gurj. muzzle ftremost, after him. The
pun was cocked and th« trigger caught on
thf fenc<* rail ard discharged t&e weapen.
Th» charge of e lot took effect 1& his left
hand, pev^ring- tl* Index fininer and shat
tering the hand.' The thumb and middle
finger will have o tx? amputated.
Victim cf Hunting Accident
Hovel Point in Divorce Suit.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 23.— To legitimize
s.t. unb<3n child. Slzaoa and Alfreda Be^I
off. en ilarch 17. 1E93. entered into a con
tract which provided that they should
marry a.id immediately separate. Simon
to pay Alfreda. S3 a meek until the birth
of the ciiM and SW a week thereafter
during tie child's life. They were mar
ried and separated. Xott Alfreda sues for
divorce en the ground of desertion and
asks for alimony of J1G0 a month. Her
attorneys contend that the marriage con
tract ar.ntiled the one previously entered
Into and tbat the first contract was Illegal
in that it frovided for the violation of the
statutory Uw as to mamas* obligations.
The ca*e wil be argued next we<?jL before
JuCge AUes.
SPOKANE. Nov. C3._a strange acci
dent on the Northern Paci'c near Con
reil resulted in the death of two men
last nigfct. The side stakes of a fiatear
Jades -with telegraph poles gave -way let
ting two poles roll to the irround. When
the trail men went to pick them up the
Mfiies cf two tramps were found under
the pole=«. Who they were cr how they
happenel to be caught is not known, but
it i» thought they were et^ailn*- a ride
cr. top ot the load of poles when the
stakes trcke.
2£eet Death in a Peculiar Eailway
Accident.
TWO TBA3IPS •KTTT.Tm
The father of the children says the rifle
had b*«-r. twicer, apart and he did not know
there was a cartridge In the house. The
children tsrxst have put the weapon to
gether ar.d cbt£Lir.ed cartridges to play
with.
SAN BERNARDINO. Nov. 23.— While
three little children of W. T. Russell, a
grocery-man on Third street, were playing
ir. a COCO this aftemocn. they got hold of
a .r2-caiiber riSe and the eldest boy, Low
ell Russell, shot his 2-year-old ulster be
tween Ibc eyes. The ball lodged In the
brain ud caraet be found. The baby will
die.
San Bernardino Children Play With
Fireams and One Will
Die.
LAD SHOOTS HIS BABY
SISTES WITH A BIFLE
Search continues at Dos Pueblos Creek
for the body of F. R. Parker, who w&o
drowred ¦ en Thursdav when the coijt
stage was swept away.
A party of drummers attempting to
cross Santa Yr.ez River at Cuesta ford
yesterday got into quicksand and were
ur^set In the swift cuner.t. All were res
cued.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. 3.— A cloui
turst ir. Bradley canyon, at the head of
Santa Maria Valley, sent a Sood down
the valley a distance o£ ten miles, causing
some damage. At Santa Maria it crossed
the town diarror.aiiv. undermining th* Pa
cSSc Coast Railway'* warehouse and 5?ou
ir.g the engine room of the flouring milla.
The Santa. Maria River was the highest
ir. ten years.
Santa 2Iaria Valley.
S*nds a Torrent cf Water Through
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. 23.— As the
result of a fr-ud David Danti has a deep
jrash in his thigh and a knife wound on
the leg that may cripple him for life.
The culmination cf the enmity of Dar.tl
¦nd Francisco Miratti occurred last night.
¦rben Danti. -with two companions, were
ordered out of illratti's wnrery. They
rcre drinking and said they would go
when they got ready. Miratti tried to
put them out and th^re -was a fracas in
which PasQuaiina . Miratti's wife, partic
ipated. The case is shrouded in mystery.
It is said Dar.ti struck Mrs. Miratti and
fled. At any rate. Dar.ti Tvas attacked in
a dark alley rear his house and stabbed
fcv f?r.« on- he did not recognize.
This m'irr.ir.g Miratti ar.d his wife and
uxotber Italian were placed under arrest.
A fourth Is wanted, but has not been
found.
ILOTJDBTJBST DOES DAMAGE
Climax to a Feud Befareen Santa Bar-
bara Sesidents.
ETABBED IN DABK AXLEY.
CRESCENT CITY. Nov. 23.— Search
for Walter Brooking, the youngr
huntsman of Smith River, who
disappeared more than ten days
ago in the mountain wilds of Del
Norte County, has proved unavailing, and
there ts no longer doubt that he was the
victim of foul play or a fatal accident.
For more than a week upward of 200 men
have traversed the mountains In the hope
of discovering some trace of the young
man. but beyond the finding of an empty
cartridge from his rifle near the point
where he entered the woods, there has
been nothing to reward their efforts.
Numerous theories have been advanced
to account for the hunter's failure to
reach the ranch of Paul Frederick on
Wlnchuck River, for which he had start
ed. That he became lost seems out of the
question, for he was a trained mountaln-
: Brooking was a popular young man. a
son of Mr. and Mrs. James Brooking of
Smith River, and had relatives living In
San Franciaco and Oakland. Search for
him has not been relinquished, and his
family and - friends hope to at least re
cover his body eventually. In the event
that he has perished in the mountains.
eer and knew thoroughly "the country
through. which he was to pass. Beside*,
he had with him a hound, which would
have been certain to lead him -to some hu
man habitation. The fact that this hound
has not returned to the young- man's
home gives color to the theory that
Brooking was murdered, probably by an
Indian, and that the dog was killed to
cover evidence of the crime. The only
other theory that would account for the
absence of the animal Is that Brooking
met with, some accident and was unable to
proceed on his way. and the dog refused
to leave him.
REAR ADMIRAL R. B. BRAD
FORD, chief "f the Naval Bu
reau of Equipment at \Va-*hiriK-
ton, arrived In the city yest-rduy
and registered at the Occidental.
This is his first trip to the coast in
fifteen years. ' He has come iiere In
pursuance t« orders cf the Navy De
partment. Hi-* principal mission is to
see what can be dor.e relative to the
establishment of a coaling station in this
harbor.
••The Navy Department has long had
this question under advisement." said
the admiral yesterday, "and the feeling is
that the time is now ripe to accomplish
something. We war.t a coaling station
here with a storage capacity of at least
150.000 tons. The ccal to be obtained in
this section does not give as good satis
faction as that taken from Eastern mines.
hence it is pertinent that we should have
a place here where the Eastern product
can be stored for Immediate use in case or
an emergency.
In regard to the probable location of the
coaling station Admiral Bradford said he
was not yet prepared to announce his
plar« **we have a place in view, he
said, "but as It is now held by a corpora
tion whose right of claim the Govern
ment questions, I would prefer not to
make the matter public until I can find
out the exact status of things. In my
opinion the Government has a clear title
to the property." Notwithstanding the
admirals reticence, it Is practically cer
tain that the site referred to Is Mission
Reck.
A smaller coaling- station will also be
established at San Diego. It will have a
capacity of about 2S.i>jO tons. Before
cornlnc to this citv the admiral visited
Port townsend. Portland and Pug-et
Sound. At the latter place preparations
are now under way for the erection of a
cold storage plant. The adlmarl en
¦thuse.s over Puget Sound's splendid water
wav.
"I was much impressed by the fine
sheet of water there," he said. "It is
bold, clear and free of all danjrer from
navigation and Is quite in contrast to the
Columbia River, which. I am .afraid, can
never be properly developed. I think the
found has a great future in store for it.
There Is lots of pro-ahead and enterprise
with the people there."
Admiral Bradford will also visit the
training station and Mare Island. He ex
pects to remain in San Francisco about a
week.
CHIEF OF THE NAVAL BUREAU OF EQUIPMENT. WHO HAS COME
TO THE PACIFIC COAST TO SELECT THE LOCATION FOR A BIG
COALING STATION.
CAHTO, Nov. 2.— That the horrible
practice of witchcraft has not been aban
doned by some of the rena-ini'S Indian \
tribes in C^ifcn^a is shews by news
tross KabisfcilaJi cf the poisoning of a lit- ;
tie Indian girl by an aged medicine man '
teversi days tg-o. It was declared by the •;
sorcerer that the child was possessed of :
an evil spirit, which •was res;>onsit>i<? for ¦
i^r.ess of an elder sister, whom the medi
cine man could cot restore to health.
K&buali&h is a small coast town on the "
site of an abandoned Inciian reservation. •
where parade grounds and Oovemment
troops were stationed in ISSS, The res«r- ;
vation was moved to Round Va'.ley In US*. '
but there aiweys remained several fami- ;
lies of Indians at Kabisallah, who would i
not so Into the Government fcid. Not- :
withstanding the strenuous efforts put
forth by Indian police ur.d Government
fcspenrtson to pet a itop ta the barbarous ,
practice of witchcraft and the sevtre pun- :
ishment indicted upon the guilt'- it still :
obtains jmor^ these superstitious natives.
In one of the t«-p«?es at Kabisaiiah wa« a
little girl, «rho for some months? had b^en •
ill and at times sufTered agony. She
\ri« waited upon by a taeciciae man known ;
as I^ooklan. who went through various in- ;
captations that failed to effect, a cure. '
Chagrined over the orobable loss cf his j
profession*] reputation, he told the child
that fhe was bewitched, and that before
h>*r recovery was possible the v. itch had *o j
be reraoied- That night, he declared t<j ¦
the little surTerer, he would cjrnaiune with
the Great Spirit ar.<l ascertain who was .
twwitchir.fr her. The r.^xt day he informed I
her That h^r younp^r <ister must be killed
for the restoration of her health. A few '
day? later the younger child died sudden- ;
ly ar.d her parents accused Locklan cf her ;
murder. Before cnv Investigation cculd !
b>p made he diearp^arfni. taking the sicic j
child with him.
tl •:* exr*»cte<*i the authorities will i*?ue
a warrant for Locklan's arrest, but as the
EECffidce men have great lnf.uenee with
the Indians and are looked upon with su
pcivtlttoa he is likely to be hidden out of
the reach of the Indian police.
•y*^-*: Dirr-a-tct to The Call.
Little Victin, Whose Illnees
Was tie Cause cf His
Crime.
Medicine Man of a Califor
nia Tribe Murders
• t&e Girl.
? —
TEE CULPRIT MAKES HIS ESCAPE
»
Carries "With Eisi the Sister of Eis
INDIAN CHILD'D
LIFE A SACRIFICE
TO WITCHCRAFT
FUTILE THE SEARCH FOR WAITER
BROOKING IN DEL HORTE WILDS
No Longer .A.ny DoiaTot, Tlia/t
¦tile Hunter Has Perislied.
Scott is a bad boy. usually good natured.
but having disreputable associates. He
has been in the police court for petty lar
ceny and has been suspected of small
burglaries. Whether his Intentions were
criminal or not. his conduct cannot be ex
plained, and if the glass does not work
the law will.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Nov. 23.-Dre!iding
the awful fate that was recently visited
upon Preston Porter, who was burned at
the stake by Colorado citizens, Ernest
Scott, a young negro of Phoenix, this
arternoon attemotea to commit suicide in
court by swallowing broken glass. The
tragedy followed his arraignment for an
attack, upon two young girts, for which
he was bound over to the Grand Jury.
Emma Eyer and Mamie Miller, aged 15
and 16 years, were returning from an en -
tertamment at the Crlttenton Hescue
Home at a o'cIock Tuesaay night, the
home being situated in the suburbs of the
city and the girls residing at no great dis
tance. In a lonely place a man sprang
from the bushes ana seized one of the.
girls, 'ine other fought until she liber
ated her companion and both ran. In their
excitment tuey collided with a barbed
wire fence ana were badly lacerated.
Their assailant had been recognzed as a
negro. A brother of one of the girls met
later the fellow still skulking around the
vicinity. He Identified him as Ernest
Scott, an ls-year-old boy who has lived
here for years. The Sheriff was notified
and the youth was arrested the next day.
He admitted having been in the vicinity,
but declared he had only accidentally
touched one of the girls as he passed by.
Scott was to-day given an examination
before Justice of the Peace Johnstone and
held to the Grand Jury. Ball was fixed
at J730, an amount beyond his ability to
give.
When the decision of Justice Johnstone
was given Scott arose, ran out his tongue
and tilled his mouth with broken glass,
which he had concealed In his hand. His
mother, who was present, saw the act,
and realizing what the boy was doing or
fearing he had taken poison, she screamed
hysterically. The bey v.as taken back to
Jail, where he said he only wished he had
some glass to eat and ena his trouble. At
a late hour to-night he was suffering
somewhat, but the time elapsing since he
swallowed the glass has not been suffi
cient for its 111 effects to be felt to a no
ticeable extent. Because of the Quantity
eaten a painful time is believed to be In
store for him, even though the result be
net fatal.
Special Dteratch to The Call.
When 'Arraigned and Bound Over to
the Grand Jury the Lad Tries
to Kill Himself in
ATTACKED TWO PHOENIX GIRLS
Young Negro Attempts Sui
cide by. Swallowing
FEARFUL THAT
HE MAY SUFFER
PORTER'S FATE
County government bill* and irrigation
measures will be watched with interest
by the San Diego representatives.
In talking on other subject3 Senator
Nutt said that almost the only bills of
purely local interest would be those re
latin? to the Normal School. One
would be the regular appropriation bili
for its support, and the other would be
a request tor an appropriation of JCO.ooo
to finish the building: and construct the
west wing, which is already needed.
" I shall oppose any effort to make an
other district reaching naif-way to the
Oregon line and taking; tn too much of a
diversity of interests. I believe th.^t a
Congressman can more conscientiously
and satisfactorily represent his dis
trict if It Is a compact district, with it»
counties alt close together, man he cun
if It Is shown on the map tike a inoa
keywrench or a shoestring."
*^his could be done." he ?aM. "rcirti'rj
!arly If these people back at Washington
who are in favor of cutting ttu o^— .^ _
delegation to Congress are successful tn
carrying their point. That would give
to Caittcrnia an extra Cons-essina.i. and.
with a representation of eight for this
State. Soui+sern California would eaaily
be entitled to two. If that Is not to b«
the plan of apportionment, this State
will not gain a Congressman, and the pro
posed district wouii have to be enlarged
by taking tn Kem, Injo, Kings and Tu
lare.
Sr*dal-I>tr3*tch ta TTM Cfcll.
SAN* DIEGO, Nov. , 23.— In, a conversa
tion regarding the po33H>ie redistrictias
of the State after Cor.sre^3 shall Lav-,
apportioned the CangTessmei:. State St-n
ator A. E. Nutt said tiiat be wouM ad
vocate two district for Southern Califor
nia. Los Anijeles County, with dliacst
enough population to entitle her to a dis
trict by nerself. would with Ventura
form one district, and Senator Nu;t fa
vors taking Riverside. Saa Bernardino.
Orange ana San D:ego counties, of the
present Seventh District, and Santa Bar
bara and San Luia Obispo. of the Sixth
District, to tons a second Southern Cali
fornia district.
ONE TO 60 TO LOS ANGELES
0 m a
Riverside, San Esmardino, Orange,
San Diego. Santa Barbara and
San Lni3 Obispo Counties
to Get the Other.
Believes Southern California
SHoflld Be Given Two
Congressmen.
REDISTRICTIG
AS FAVORED BY
SENATOR NUTT
One to Be Esta/blistied." in Tliis
Ba,y, -A.n.otlier a,t, San IDiego.
REAR ADMIRAL BRADFORD ARRIVES
TO LOCATE COALING STATIONS
THE SA>' FEANC1SCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 19OO.
3
IB ¦
¦
Notice: to tKose \
| W 1 1U al v t/UI 1 vvl 1 1 v U
in buying an j
I overcoat |
.Through a typographical mis-
take in our advertisement yester-
day it read that we had on sale
men's black kersey overcoats at !
$6.45. It should have read $6.95, as
! we have been advertising the coats
I at this price for about three weeks.
I However, we sold the coats i
| yesterday at $6.45, arid about sev-
enty-five people took advantage
! of it
| We will continue to sell the
overcoats at $6.45 up to eleven
| o'clock to-night.
718 Market Street.TEAM ! STANDING.
Five GameSfor Thi^City
. Remain on the Sched
ule Which Ends Dec. 3.
LAST INNINGS OF
LEAGUE THIS
SEASON.
Handball;
At the -San Francisco handball courts
the. following matches. will be played to
morrow: ' y • . . . ' ., v." ¦ >.
W. Williams and W. Fisher vs. .D. Con
nelly and M. Joyce; Av McVicker and'L.
Kenny vs. J. Condon .and T. Leach" W
Haflsell and A. Collins vs. T. Foley and E
Antron: W. H. Steberst- and M. Basch vs
P. Ryan and W. H. Kedian; J. Kill Ian and
XV. Johnson vs. E. .White and J.- Glynn"
J. R. Bockman and E. McDonough vs -L
Waterman and D.;J. Sheehan; H. II. lW
ner and J. J. Kavanaugh v vs. >W.- Walsh
and H. Lkjngabach; H. J. Rodgers and D-
Cook vs. E. Hammer and/E: ¦^Thomas;" J
Riorrtonand E. Curley 1 vs. J. Harlow and
W. Maguire; A. Hampton and R: Llne
han vs. J. White and J. Collins. ;
The Berkeley High School and Loweii
High School elevens will settle their dif
ferences once and for all on the Sixteenth
and Folsom street grounds this afternoon;
This game is for the championship of tho
Academic Athletic League, although - the
teams will not -play tinder the auspices
of the association, .owing ; to> turbulent
conditions and internecine. strife;- ¦
On Sunday • afternoon 5 at;, the Sixteenth
and Folsom street grounds -the Princetons
wll! line, upraga-inat -the ¦ Snowballs Jr.
Both/elevens are evenly matched."."' -
In the morning on the same grounds
the Peerless footballteam will play tho
Phoenix football team. ¦..-,.•
HIGH SCHOOL
TEAMS WILL PLAY
The swimming 'contests at the Sutro
Baths on Sunday, November 25th, will be
as follows: '' ' ' ,
50-yard dash, Juveniles— F. Burns D
Kerwin, E. Winfleld, C. Lundin, A. Mar
tini. A. Springer, F. Paine. A. Sunberg
E. Wells. -8. Gruexnan. K. Ksran J Par
sons. C. Donovan. F. Wolfe, T. McKillop
S. Finnlgan, G. Cross, F. Clough. J. Dixon'
W. 8tockton, J. Erasmy, J. Dollar and C*
Crist. . _/ ..
Under- water swimming . contest, tub
race and high diving for boys, open to all
100-yard- race, amateurs— R. Riding C
Butterworth, • P.- Sunberg, C. Kurran G
Dodson, H; Leicken.J. Johnson, L. Bou
dln. F. .Brown, 'A. Clayton. /T. Carter j-
Ringrose, W. McGuire. . G. '-, Kelber J*
Bradley. G. "Wallace. -W. Cook,- R. • Cordell'
F. Crowder, Li. Haywards.C. Fredericks'
Trick and fancy Bprlng-board diving— m'
Carmody.-L.>Boudln,-P. Sunberg, C. Kur
ran. II. Dodson. H. Leicken, J> Johnson
E/ Brown, A. Clayton, T. Carter./'J.'-.Rfne
roBe. • W. ¦ McGuire, O. Kelber. J. "Bradley '
G. Wallace, W. Cook; R.^ Cordell. F. Crow
der, L. Hay wards. C: Fredericks, C. Aug
ustus, H. Seebach, P. Lubin, F. Ralston
E. Sunberg, L. Hanlon. • '
SWIMMING AT
SUTRO BATHS
An association football club has been
organized among the employes of the
Mountain Copper Company at Keswick,
Shasta County. The secretary, Ernest
Gordon, has written to the secretary' of
the Vampire Association football team in
this city, expressing a desire to play a
match on Thanksgiving day. It Is how
ever. Improbable that a match can be ar
ranged at such short notice, especially
as eome of the Vampires will be out' of
the city on that day, and others will' be
looking on at the intercollegiate game
But later ln the season a match and a
return match, one being played In San
Francisco and the other in "Shasta County
will be arranged between the two clubs.
KESWICK FORMS
FOOTBALL CLUB
The last series of games played in this
city and Sacramento put an end to the
race for the league pennant. Even before
this San Francisco ; -would ;have been
forced to Herculean efforts in the last lap
to outdistance Sacramento. "Nothing but
three victories last week and a.continua
tion of that sort of work until the close
of the season could do the trick. ,
Oakland will meet Sacramento; on the^
local diamond to-day. The worst that the
wild dreams of Henry Harris could pic
ture would be two defeats for the Sena
tors. Then his happy "sleepingr'.thoughts"
might have the Hanxmen winning a' cou
ple at Stockton. This would bring the
leading teams closer. together- and give
the Thanksgiving, day game between Sac
ramento- and San Francisco a chance to
make the last series full, of pennant po
tentialities. The season will close on De
cember 3d, a week from to-morrow.
The line-up to-day on. the local grounds
ls as follows: ; • ¦ . . : .
Oakland. . Position. Sacramento.
Lohman :, Catcher Btantay
Mosklman , Pitcher >..... .....;....Hu*h»J
Hutohlnson First- baa*...... Hanlon
A rrellanea Second base S t ul t z
Kelly Third base Devareaux
Francks Shortstop '..Eagan
Bowman Right field McLaughlln
Drennan......t...... Center field... '...... Sh«ehan
Held..... Left field.. ............ Doyle
The winners in the semi-final round of
the third contest for the council's cup for
men of the San Francisco Golf Club were
II. B. Goodwin and S. L. Abbott Jr. The
final round between these two would
prcbably have been. played this afternoon
on the Presidio links were it not that H.
B. Goodwin has been laid up since last
Saturday's matches with an attack of
grip. He is, however, much better and
the match between himself and S. L. Ab
bott Jr. may be expected to" take place
ehortly. S. L. Abbott Jr. has already
won one contest for the Council's cup and
Is the owner of a miniature replica
thereof in silver.. If he should win this
contest, a third victory wil make him the
pennahent possessor 'cf the big silver
pitcher. If H. B. Goodwin wins he will
receive a replica of the trophy and will,
have his name Inscribed on.thecup itself.
The mixed foursomes • handicap .set
down on the . schedule for to
day has been deferred until De
cember. 1. On ' Thanksgiving day
the ilnk* will be given up to the men. who
will hold the regular Thanksgiving handi
cap against bogey 'over eighteen holes,
ir.edal play. - .
¦ r! <i. Brown, fceoretary.ef the San Ra
fael Golf Club, is in town again after an
a.b«-nce of, tome time. The San Rafael
Golf Club .h.*s '.not prepared any pro
gramme lor Thanksgiving day. as many
of the members will come to this city for
the intwcollege football -match.
There win be jnen's ,- foursomes, .over
eighteen holes, medal play, with handi
cap, on the links of the Oakland-Golf Club
to-day. This 1« the last event; set. down
on the fall programme, but a schedule of
events to l>e played durins the winter will
shortly b« issued. ." • _ .-.. ¦ . -
- The following , eight pjayers . qualified
last Sunday for the 'men's tfywit In the
opening tournament . of; th« - Sausallto
Golf Club, their scores being appended:
K B Kinlay, "*; Leonard Chenery,- 73; -R.
W. Mason and R. Sperry, 75; C. H. >foble,
76; W. P. Horn, TS; H. Clay Miller, SO;
Captain F. W. Morgan Draper, 82. Theae
have been drawn for the opening round
over eighteen holes, match play, as fol-.
lows: Leonard Chenery vs. H. Clay Sill
ier- C..H. Noble, vs. It. W. Mason; W, P.
Horn vs. F. W. M. Draper, and F.. B:
Findlay vs.- R. Sperry.
The qualifying round for the;. ladies'
event has been called off and the follow
ing will enter the opening round at match
play: Mrs. Charles Mason, Mrs. Thomas
l^ggett. Mrs. F. B. Findlay, Mrs. W\ D.
Olausseri. Miss Grace Martin, Miss Alice
Fir.dlay. Miss Marion. Harrison, Miss
Mabel "Mason. Miss Winifred Mason and
MIfs Constance Borrowe. * %
In the mixed foursomes Miss Constance
Borrowe and A. O. d'Arcy tied with Miss
Grace Martin and W. P. Horn- Miss
Winifred Mason and R. W. Mason beat'
Mis* Marten Harrison and H.. Clay -Mil-'
ler,. 1 up. Mrs. Thomas Leggett and C.
n. Noble are watched against Miss Mabel
Mason and J. M. Kllgarif. ' ¦
The membership committee .of- the Sac
ramento Golf Club reported a list- of 117
applicant* at the meeting recently held ln
the office of Judge Post. The charter list
rioted on the 21st lnst *.The committee
appointed to secure ground -Xor aHtnlcsTTe."
ported that they .had, been. unsuccessful
in obtaininsr-the location d^flred and'will
continue their search. -The** following
wr-re appointed a committee on permanent
organization and election of.' officers:
Mrs. Adolph Beheld, Mr*. S. E. Simmon?,.
Mre. O. Stevens. L. 6. ITpson, Frank-MM
]pr. W. F. George and Dr. E. C. Deuet. .
There will be a members**' handicap
tournament on .the links of the Cos Ange
les Country Club on ThanksgivlngMay.
Presidio Players Trying
to Defeat Col. Bogey
on Thanksgiving" Day.
GOLFERS PURSUE
THE GUTTY AT
FORT BAKER.
STANFORD IS POLISHING OFF ROUGH EDGES
HEAVY WORK IS THE ORDER AT CALIFORNIA
• <•
fis-ff-saHESE are the days of conjecture and prejudgment at both the colleges— Stanford and California. The football
'I situation Is the all-absorbing topic. Not a word relating to any subject other than pigskin chances and Thanks-
I giving day possibilities ls heard on cither of the college grounds and this will continue until the annual gridiron com
jl bat of 1900 ls a portion of intercollegiate athletic history
' The game this year should be a close one and from all the signs of the time the crowd that will pack the
Folsom and Sixteenth street grounds should be larger than ever. This ln itself assures a greater volume of noise and. a
wealthier display of color, those two attributes of a Thanksgiving day contest which mean as much to the general at
tendant as the game Itself. With the idea of an increased attendance in mind, the football management has made all nec
essary plans for accommodation of the spectators. Fair weather conditions will draw out a crowd such as has never
been seen in this city at any such affair. •'-.'-' * . . ... . _ . .
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 23.— With the big annual
Thanksgiving game only five days distant, the Stanford var
nity is still an uncertain quantity. Though the personnel of
the team Is practically decided, the above statement is abso
lutely true, for no one knows Just what to expect of the men
at any given time. Already the team has displayed meteoric
brilliancy' and sickening apathy. One week they defeated the
heavy Reliance team by a 44 to 0 score and the next week are
defeated by a light eleven from a fourth rate college by a
score of 6 to 0. Probably Stanford never turned out a more
brilliant or a more uncertain aggregation. It is safe to predict
that it will prove a surprise, but Just which way Js the puzzle
that is worrying the coaches.
The team is essentially a grour.d gainer. They are happy
when the ball ls in their possession and are generally sure of
their yards. The Interference which they ca.n bunch, when they
nfe In the mood would, delight th6 heart of a Camp or Stagg.
The backs, can get off together like a. bunch of wild sheep if
thn ground beneath them is firm, but if the conditions are un
favorable it is a case of each one for himself. But under nor
mal conditions the trio back of the cardinal line can be de
pended upon. Slaker at fullback Is the quickest man on the
coast to get off with the ball, and his running mates. H'.ll and
Smith, have learned to keep up with him.
* .Upon ths playing of the men in the line depends the out
come of next Thursday's contest to a great extent. Traeger
and. De Forest can be depended upon to play a steady, con
elhtent. game. I^ee, Seeley and Burnett are capable ot bril
liant work when at their best, but are mere likely \o play loose
ball than the two men on the loft side cf the line. Burnett's
injured knea may cause his early retirement from the game,
as It is now. keeping him out of even signal practice. In case
Captain Burnett does retire his place .will be filled by Tommy
McFadden at end, who In turn will be replaced by Cooper. As
matters now stand T. McFadden will go ln at right end and
either . Luck, Stanford or Erb at left end. McFadden Is the
only vetaran end on | the team and can be depended upon to
play. a steady game. "Stub" Raitt, the crack quarter, who has
been away ten days, • will return fiom the south In time to go
through the last practices' with his team and will act as field
captain and cover the back field for the cardinal.
After. Monday no haavy work will be done, the men being
allowed to rest. They will be put through light signal work
only.
BERKELEY, Nov. 23.— With a horde of coaches out assist
ing- "Kins'.' Kelly of Princeton and wtth a dozen men guard-
Ing the practice field from intruding spectators, the Berkeley
football men have been spending a busy but quiet closing week
in grinding away at their gridiron secrets for Thanksgiving
dcy. ..The muddy condition of the campus has hindered their
work, but they have been kept at It vigorously and both first
and. second- elevens have been playing quick, fierce football.
The varsity has been trying under unfavorable conditions to
learn Its new plays' and perfect Its team work, which, except
on a few. rare occasions, has been too . ragged and only a dis
appointment.^ It ls to- instill into the eleven the proper fighting
spirit «nd to whip them Into playing together that, the coaches
are nowbendlng every effort. ?¦/:¦ V '"•
The great question of backs Is now considered settled.
Fullback will "be Duden, ¦ This" important ch»>nge leaves
Braley and Overall out of the race.'. The - displaced men are
heavy and. strong, of remarkably perfect physique and have
displayed considerable ability in practice. Both seemed, to b«
very well "fitted for the place, but their fatal defects were in
ability to start quickly and. to get off together with the other
backs. This fault could not be overcome and its existence de
stroyed team « work, demoralizing the -Interference and weak
ening, the, whole back field.- The choice of Duden seems rather
doubtful, although he certainly .has a style . of play that fits
easily. into that' of his partners.: As a halfback he led' all com
petitors this , year, . being only excelled by Smith. Whether he
will': make a gqod.. fullback at this; late day is a problem that
Is : causing considerable anxk ty , though ., the coaches have faith
in the wisdom of their decision.--. -•
Gammon will be left , half . In . his special field no one can
ercel- hlnL'vHe Is a dogged llne-bucker! and; a star In swift,
scattered - field running. • * Mini ; is his closest rival, . but Is con
ceded to have lost the clace.
Smith plays his third season at right half. with all his old
time dash and skill. He is always sure for his distance with a
short, savage buck. His defensive work Is the best of all th»
backs. As in previous years, he has trained down fine and Is at
present dangerously near to being stale
If Duden can be sure of diving through the center with, anr
degree of success the question of prround gainers is easy for
Gammon is safe at running the ends and Smith for smashing
the tacklss. &
Johnny More, In spite of a bad knee, will play quarterback
and do the punting and possibly the drop kicking. His passing
is sure and fre# from fumbling. *
The line remains a rather dubious quantity. It contains
only three of last year's seven and has had several revers**
during the season, and especially Just recently Jn recniltlnr
the remaining four. * - uini
Captain Pringle and acting Captain Womble. bunched to
gether at right tackle and end. are a notable pair, whose record
for brilliant play has been well recognized for the last two
seasons. This year Pringle started his work by fierce fast
-hard play and was putting up the best game on the field until
Ms unfortunate Injury laid him on the shelf and has kept him
quiet until this last week. His strained knee Is fax from at rone
and heals very slowly. He has for this reason hesitated to get
into any of the scrimmages and contents himself only with
signal practice and running a couple of laps on the track earh
evening to keep in condition. Trainer Al Lean has P?oml*ed
to have him around in satisfactory condition by Thanksgiving
"sromble's work hes been sadly cut up In the last month
m2 US J! P** 1 !!* l ? take Prlngle'B place as field captain Be
sides giving the signals he has devoted a large amount of his
attention to coaching. The result of this dissipation of his en
ergies has been a dlstllnct falling off In the all-around excellency
° £ Ki WO J k .- Hls tac * lln F, « s not as sure and reliable as of yore?
£3?i. !h i e n s v on tne 1Ine ls far frora faultless. In runnlnsr
nnt? l i%^ l L h Z P r0V £? V ad^appointment tor the molt
CLi w mm giving his signals wily "Reck" seems to have
lost his old-time cunmng. His generalship l n the last few
pames on the campus has caused much unfavorable comment
Nevertheless, in spite of these faults-new for him- Womble Is
far and away ihe best end on the Berkeley campus
H«,Pi?i * P ili P for t . 1 l ree 8ea » on s- The touch of fever which
.^ b Kt^»* <^^on'Kr^ff^»tW Sr emlrel3r 9nd h *
. pfl cl K d Albertson now playing side by side at left guard
tacklS their h w«?k no r » at ««fTi ° n^ been P^nent substitute
t2*m. All 7L f£ n £* 9n . tltlln *f t«*m to places on the prevtous
teams. Clay is the heavier and stronger of the two and ha"
played a fairly good game all "season at guard, wher* he wm
moved at the very start. Unfortunately, during the lii« w^ek
Blck An? 8 J m * k f pt "i" 1 from doln * Wmielf 1us?lce * ?ek
«n h«v on i L"» BP te of . s V. ch Hvals a » Castlehun and Han-
Sf th5 a « kept hf » P lace without a chan C « from the be^nnln*
of the season until now. His work ha* been 9t»i>«v a^ i.i.i
a machtae. * * and *" played hIs me liki
».i."J2f*i,n*J2 a^ UnK 1 WO pla £ M on th ® llne - lcft * nd •"<* right
!t£& r ™ ?t 9 V r % lt tn r k coach « an enormous amount of trouble
Braley was tried on th« end at first, but proved unsatisfactory
• and went to fullback, while Starr tried the place and would
?n<? e^ Pt K t had £ e not Wn Inlur(?d Mrtcusly. Hlfl. Kt v7ar'5
th2'™Y? r b JL S °V g JV° come J° ut - but hIs Parents objected and
w«?« nI ?«S?K° rt le * ft Was 1° traln Hudson and DthbVe of la t
III ™S € Jlhm 1 an - team - Spurred on by this chance. Hudsan
has made rapid develonment and is now playtns ih* better of
!^f tw ,?;« Thou^ maI l a "d not very fast, he does good srr^
ice, belnsr especially clover at breaking up Interference and
al so O««te adept at running with the ball. inier^renc« ana
o« Vh }. BUard T has be^n and Is still the most doubtful plsc*
on the team. Luce, Dunbar and Stow have earh held It In
turn. Luce proved unsatisfactory and wan earlr suDDlanted
l« ( ™ r i7 h S' h 7 K 3&kln * tr a«n l n»r rules, losi hIs P ?hance
and Stow, the b? freshman.. was given the place. Word ha*
(YtLK 0 ™ St .° WS fatl Jt r «P r «»ly fnrblddlng^hi. playing and
OToole remains now the best man for the position. The loss
? S a fc.# - te " J] a " ren ?ered it necessary to send Overall back
&.f£«i S or t » n< » .Position once more. Under the coaching of
• 2£?i » er he xr CH 1 learnln * hIs B*» m e *«d will jrtve O'Tool*
Tt,nl?v^« ra i ce - N . eltner i?!, 8 " <*n 'earn his p«sltion well bv
Thanksslylng and must depend rather on sheer weight and
Btrengtn to hold the x>utcc down.
«. ti Tn . th * matter of sub<*titut*« California finds herself wtje
fully deficient. At the best, there Is only on« reliable man to
flu a vacant position. Material was ample at/ the beginning of
the season; but a long and varied list of vicissitudes has de-
P'«ted the squad and left only a small hanrfful that la really
_ Dibblee is the. only good substitute for e*d. Castlehun has
been playlns steadily Jn Pringle'a place andia ranked the best
tackl* after the two varsity men. Either Overall or OToole.
whoever -loses the tight for guard, will mak£ a rood substitute
at that position. Gendottl is the only oth«* candidate left for
center rush. - Mini for half. Braley for full and Decoto for quar
i ter will be the extraraen in these places. /
Owing to the storm during the week the
Union Coursing Park Association was un
able to run off its regular midweek re
serve stake. This was due to no plan of
th'e association, but. to the .fence-leveling
propensities of the storm, which made tho
rabbit warren a thlni? of the past. All
the pent-up hares escaped and the stake
was consequently postponed. .
When the coursing men were in Modesto
no midweek stake was run arid -the acci
dent of the present week made the sec
ond discontinuance. This has been the
only break In midweek events, for many
days. They have grown to be a feature
of coursing, as they give the owners fo
lower class hounds a chance to run their
dogs. These stakes have proved of great
er interest to the majority of the owners
than the big Saturday and Sunday stakes.
The coursing programme is devoid of
big special events'for the Immediate .fu r
ture. Regular stakes- ¦will be the. card of
fered for some time. The regular staktB
are Improving more and more In quality
and only the highest class dogs have any
chance In- them. At Union Park to-day
and to-morrow 128 dogs of tried and meas
ured-skill will course for .fair-sized prizes.
The draw shows the fleetest and best -of
hounds. ;.'.-- - .t*
When Random Aim and Silver Wings
divided ' the money for the .open plains
meet at Modesto, the history of the meet-
Ing of Kmin Pasha and Silver Wings at
Dallas was recalled. Singularly enough,
the same owners were represented at Mo
desto, but the conditions wjere different.
At Modesto J. H. Rospeter declined to
race Random -Aim apainst .Silver Wings
because of the latter's exhaustion. At
Dallas Emin Pasha 'and Silver Wing«
were on an equal fqoting," but the owners
of Silver Wings, who vrere handling Emln
Pasha at the time, refused to have th<»
final run-off out of -courtesy, to J. II. Ros
seter.
Big Classic Card Pre-
pared f by Unjon • Park
for End of Week Event
REGULAR STAKES
THE ORDER IN
COURSING.
, Hie heavy rains during the middle of
the week scattered, the ducks and drove
them away from the. ponds, but the cold
north; wind that followed immediately In
the wake has been driving the birds back
to their marshy haunts. Just when the
shooters were beginning- to despair of a
good shoot this Saturday and Sunday the
weather reversed and now they will flock
to their clubs assured of some good sport
There is a movement on foot among
certain sportsmen to establish, If not a
legal, an ethical law against the whole
sale destruction of game, no matter what
its kind. This will extend to duck shoot
ing particularly. What they object to Is
the useless bagging of a hundred or more
birds in a day or two . days' ,'i shotting.
They say that even if the wild duek is a
migratory bird, every time, unnecessary
killing is Indulged in breeders -are de
stroyed and the quantity of the species
Is certainly detrimentally diminished.
At the Field and Tule Club' last Sunday
a very fair shoot was had by the mem
j hers. On Wednesday J. B. Coleman, A
H. Hopke, Mr. Robs and J. 'j. Wlrtner
brought back 160 birds,- of which fifty
were "cans." • - i"*,*
*. Ol \mJ£/i «. Prl) 2f le ~ CI £ b Ponds iasf Sunday
Ed J^ hU , by^, M; °- Fe "dner, Billy Martin
and Jack Crackwell killed 102 birds of
which seventy-four were "cans " ! The
Canvasback Club had a poor shoot '
Billy Whittler made a record last Sun
day, ninety, ducks, and sixty-eight of
them canvasback. .
At the Tule .Bell Club eight guns
brought down ninety-six birds, thirty
eeven of which were mallards.
Colonel Eddy has a record of 121 birds
fox a single day.,
At the Country Club some rare snipe
and quail shooting Is- drawing the old
timers back to the preserves. Last Sun
day W. S. Kittle got- twenty-five snipe
ten ducks and four- quail. The snipe
shooting on these preserves , has never
been equaled. To-day Messrs. Hamilton
Woodward. Van Sicklen. Mullins Kittle
Boydand Nickels will try their iuck for
a general shoot. ' ' : \ ;;r. .,-
Shooters Who Were Out
in Early Part of Week
Secure Good Bags.
BIRDS SCATTERED
BY THE HEAVY
STORMS.
STANFORD CENTER AND BACK3 IN POSITION. IN . THE BIG GAME LEE WILL BE THE MIDDLEMAN,
RAITT WILL PLAY QUARTER. HILL LEFT HALF, SMITH RIGHT HALF AND SLAKER FULL BACK.
STANFORD.
CALIFOBNIA.
Total weight: Stanford, 1911 pounds; California. l^S pounds. Average weight: Stanford, 173 8-11 pounds. California. 163 9-U pounds. •*•
PERSONNEL OF THE TEAMS
AS THEY WILL LINE UP
THE CALIFORNIA. BACKS AS THEY WILL PLAY .ON THANKSGIVING DAY.- JOHNNY MORE WILL, DO THE
PASSING. GAMMON AND WARREN SMITH WILL PLAi" HALVES AND DUDEN WILL BE AT FULL.
The team of the cardinal has showed a tendency to play
an uneven game. California has men who are veteran din
ners, whose presence steadies the work of the eleven ard will
aid in welding the entire sroup in the final week of training.
California, barring Pringle. will trot o*t on the field in better
physical condition than Stanford, for, nntrary to late news
paper statements, numerous although minor Injuries have re
tarded the general condltlonVng and phys.cal seasoning of the
men. Lee has a weak knee. Barrett a similar injury, which
may take him out of the game at any mrment: Slakes a bad
shoulder, and Smith a bad side. This quj.rtet has been kept
out of practice too oft»n for the surest team development.
Stanford's defense has been weak; that of California not
strong. That element of play in each team has Improved dur
ing the past few dav*. The two defeats of last Saturday
loomed up. It was concluded that neither game demonstrated
anything of importance, save that a sloppy field would leave
the outcome of the big match to chance.
lastly: Stanford's work of the past few days was highly
satisfactory to the "grnd" of Palo Alto; that of the California
team not as heart-warming when the memory of last year'3
championship eleven presented itself to th* Berkeley player.
A resume of facts caused the California ex-player to slowly
remark:
"I must say on form, principally on the superior scorin?
force her t»am has displayed, Stanford should win by a touch
down or two." *
The Stanford man agreed. But one minute later ancient
history was recalled. The facts were stated that in March.
1S92. Stanford'? supposedly weaker team won by a score of 14
to 10: that California's 1S93 team on form apparently outclassed
tied Stanford; that Stanford's 1S94 varsity won from a stronger
eleven; that the men of the blue and gold in 1S35 played a bet
ter team to a standstill of another tie on Thanksgiving day.
"We will be a very hard team to whip." said the California
man, "and if we get the jump we will win."
' "On the other hand." remarked the ex-Stanford star in *
kind of reverie of other days, "our eleven has showed itself
possessed of great scoring possibility, and It may be a repeti
tion of 1S96 and 1S97." .
Form had been smashed to smithereens by college prida
and college opinion — the case of the Kentucky colonel over
again.
After all, when game3 are anything like close, whether be
tween Yale or Harvard, Stanford or California, even from a
form sheet it is difficult to pick a winner, for sometimes, per
haps often, class horses run like well oiled machines. But col
lege boys are human, and the vagaries of spirit «3 reflected
from twenty-two different athletes are not likely to produce
fcrm-sheet running.
Moral: Under present conditions there is no football
"dope." J. F. SHEEHAN.
yr^>yICKERS of winners" In a sporting event is a disease,
I II *")l whether the sport be horseracing, prizefighting, base
• S-^w^-ball-.or football. Just about this time on the college
; 1L: jcampus, on the street. corner. In club and office there
are enthusiasts who are determining the result of the
Thanksgiving game between' Stanford and California. Some
reason on form, others on prejudice. The conclusion reached
In. all cases is about the same. The Stanford adherent will find
after using his own form '.'dope" that the cardinal must win.
TheJCallformV adherent discovers 'the same for California.
Eliminate in a discussion of football form the meeting of
elevens of obviously different class, well trained and playing
under favorable weather conditions— for a field on which men
pannot run equalizes matters- materially and give3 the under
dog team the chance to win on luck, per example the two
games of last; Saturday. Twice in the history of the games of
California: and Stanford two teams were voted by those who
poseessedjthe very patint.factF relative to either teams de
velopment to be in a "much higher class than the rival eleven.
They'were- the varsity of Stanford in 1S97 and the varsity of
California in 1859; for while Stanf5rd's team won by 20 to 0 in
JS56 and California's by 22 toO in 1SW, the result was not as easy
to prophesy as the. scores Indicate. Given, however, the con
ditions of 'earller'years, when the teams were very evenly
matched and when neither college boasted of certain victory,
or given conditions as they present themselves to-day and
then apply the "form sheet'* system and note the deduction in
comparison .with the cold .mathematical answer, cf the race
horsenian. • " . '..-.,
• Two ex-varsity stars of Stanford and California, cool in
judgment and each with' a 'desire to be fair in getting at the
facts^of the showing "and development cf this year's elevens.
di«eue«eiV over the dinner table tho outcome of the great
Thanksgiving day game. In their ultimate object the ex
players were as the racetrack form-sheet men-seeking a con-
Bricfly. the statements agreed on as facts were these: In
the k" mes with the Reliance Athletic Club Stanford made a
decidedly better showing— two scores of 6 to 0 and I one of 44 to
"against iTiie game-and victories for California by 5 to 0 and
II to*0 Stanford -has more men who are clever in advancing
the ball than California, even recognizing that California has
three players In Smith, the peer cf halfbacks, and Gammon,
whose recent play has been strong, and Pringle. in case his
injured knee does not bother him. all of whom are hard to
stop In short, Stanford up to date has demonstrated superior
attacking force and superior team play on the offensive.
FOOTBALL "DOPE" ON THE BIG
THANKSGIVING DAY CONTEST
SPORTS, FOOTBALL, SHOOTING, COURSING, BASEBALL,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY;* NOVEMBER 24, 1900.
4
,JIE.
j ' Posltit
en
[Age. j Weight. I Height.
1
|i
Jnipht End...
: riv 15S 5:S
) Hijfht Tackle
.1 2t ' 1?1 6
s.
J
it
u
A
v
. E
•. I
. D
r. i
i. I
L. I
A*.
.. B
¦ley...
e...i,.
Fores
lfger.
lien..
M....
lith...
ill....
ker...
.UiKht Guard.
.i«>-nter "..... ..:
.'Left GuanJ..
.:L*ft Tarkle.
.•Lrtl Ena ...
.Quarterback
-RiBht Half..
.Left-H»lf-...
. Fullback -,...
:.•¦/•••
. it U3 6 .
. 28 1SS S:ll
. 25 17< 5:lUi
. 20 1S1 6:'4
. 22 171 5:7
. a? 160 5:6
.19 .15J 6 .
. 20, *1T5 ,5:11 E
. 23 174 5:s
1^1
I NAME. I Position. I Age. I
Weight.
I Height. •]
i_ .
.C. Harry Hudson Left End 19
William B. AJbertson..ir,eft Tackle 2!
John A. Clar ..iLeft Guard .: 22
Harry L..' Curnish '."eater ; 23
Laurence 8. O'Toolel | f23
V.lUlght Guard............ I
152
170
ISO
176
190
5:11 J
6 .1
5:10 J
|OrvaI Overall j | "- . . >. . . "" [20
Charles A. Pringle....! Right Tackle...; 23
|Lloyd A. Wonible UlKht End 21
;John F. Mere...*...-.... Quarterback 21
[Walter Oammon Left Half 23
Warren Smith... iRifrht Half 24
Ernest Duden Jr Fullback ,.....;.... 23
i ¦ 199
18S
160
144
170
163
1SS
«:l A
5:10 1
6:10»4 1
5:8Mr "i
• 5:10V4 *j
5:10 %
CLUBS.
Sacramento ;
San Francisco
Stockton ,....;....:
Oakland ,
CLUBS.
Won. Lost. Pet.
46 36 .567
47 " 40 .541
38 48 .45?
39 | 49 - .413
CLUBS.
Sacramento ;
San Francisco
Stockton ,....;....:
Oakland ,
CLUBS.
Won. Lost. Pet.
46 36 .567
47 " 40 .541
38 48 .45?
39 | 49 - .413
,JIE.
j ' Posltit
en
[Age. j Weight. I Height.
1
|i
Jnipht End...
: riv 15S 5:S
) Hijfht Tackle
.1 2t ' 1?1 6
s.
J
it
u
A
v
. E
•. I
. D
r. i
i. I
L. I
A*.
.. B
¦ley...
e...i,.
Fores
lfger.
lien..
M....
lith...
ill....
ker...
.UiKht Guard.
.i«>-nter "..... ..:
.'Left GuanJ..
.:L*ft Tarkle.
.•Lrtl Ena ...
.Quarterback
-RiBht Half..
.Left-H»lf-...
. Fullback -,...
:.•¦/•••
. it U3 6 .
. 28 1SS S:ll
. 25 17< 5:lUi
. 20 1S1 6:'4
. 22 171 5:7
. a? 160 5:6
.19 .15J 6 .
. 20, *1T5 ,5:11 E
. 23 174 5:s
1^1
I NAME. I Position. I Age. I
Weight.
I Height. •]
i_ .
.C. Harry Hudson Left End 19
William B. AJbertson..ir,eft Tackle 2!
John A. Clar ..iLeft Guard .: 22
Harry L..' Curnish '."eater ; 23
Laurence 8. O'Toolel | f23
V.lUlght Guard............ I
152
170
ISO
176
190
5:11 J
6 .1
5:10 J
|OrvaI Overall j | "- . . >. . . "" [20
Charles A. Pringle....! Right Tackle...; 23
|Lloyd A. Wonible UlKht End 21
;John F. Mere...*...-.... Quarterback 21
[Walter Oammon Left Half 23
Warren Smith... iRifrht Half 24
Ernest Duden Jr Fullback ,.....;.... 23
i ¦ 199
18S
160
144
170
163
1SS
«:l A
5:10 1
6:10»4 1
5:8Mr "i
• 5:10V4 *j
5:10 %FOX HOUNDS TO
CHASE A COYOTE
being familiar with If. he starts off at
once for cover, and will get a fairly lon<
start before the pack ;s laid on. The scent
will "It good on the moist ground.
On Tharksglvinsr day the lovers of tlm
chase will be out In f.iice. The meet wll!
be at tb» Burllr.pame stock farm, at 9:£)
a. m. The master of the hunt. Fran*
Carolan. will very shirtly return from th»
East, and the recuiar programme of
meets will he issued. Sn far the hunting
has been of a rath»r Informal character,
the men not turnlnsr nut In n'nk: b'Jt.
after the> «»a«on is well nnen. the propri
eties will rw» dulv nh«*rved.
Head Coach McBride stated to-night
that the coaches have not definitely de
cided about the quarterback and left half
back. . . ¦
The men all appear to be in excellent
health and fit to fight a long and hard
battle.
In the hotel lobbies to-night mere 13
intense excitement. The feeling in this
cl^y is that the game will oe a close one.
The odds in what little betting there i»
favor Yale slightly and the confidence of
the Yale coaches is great.
The players do not express themselves.
The Yale football eleven had its final
practice on Yale field this afternoon. The
coachers did not ask for a "Jne-up ami the
men were only sent through a signal
pr&ctice.
old Harvard men came T .c town. But
most of the latter have remained in
Meriden with the Harvard team.
Harvard men expect Governor Roose
velt In the morning.- He has promised to
help lead tlie cheering of the Harvard
supporters.
At Yale field everything ,1s In readiness
for the battle. Straw has been spread
over the gridiron to keep .off the rain in
ca«e a shower should come and to keep
the frost out of the ground. This after
noon the gridiron was Just right. The
new additions to the stand are al! ready
and the entire appointments seem 10 be
"The Yale eleven and some of the sub
stitutes will spend the night at the col
lege Infirmary In Prospect- street.
NEW HAVEN. Nov. 23.— All Is In read
lnesa for the great game between Yale
end Harvard to-morrow on Yale field. In
deed the first Harvard contingent arrived
In the city to-night on a train of ten par
lor cars from Boston. With the arrival
of that company of "crimson" supporters
the first money to be wagered on the
game from Harvard supporters appeared.
The Harvard men demanded odds of 10
to 7.
The city Is decorated In both blue and
crimson, but the Yale blue predominates.
Store windows, the fronts of buildlnps.
near the • campus, carriages, etc.. bear
much decoration.
A number of prominent old Yale atn
letes are In the city to-night r.nd a few
YALE AND HARVARD ARE READY
FOR THE BATTLE ON THE GRIDIRON
IN ADDITION TO A PASSION FOR POLITICS MR. CROKER HAB A SOFT- SPOT IN HIS HEART FOR BLOODED
CANINES. "RODNET STONE." THE ENGLISH BULLJXJG SHOWN IN THE PICTURE. COST HIM A COOL
£1000 IN DEAR OLD LUNNON. ,
T A N T^?A X - f/^ 1^ FRIPAT. XOVEMBSR «. MOO.— Weather fine. Tre.ck_ good.
137S. FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. rWO.
Ir.gexj Horse. Ago. TVelght-jPstlSt. %. %. str. Fin. I Jockeys, j' Op. h" PK
:7* ;^L3°^- 4 H 2 ! i If t l rr~!i*^ric~fTa i « 2
•sm S£<1 ; Hi ! 1 ! S X * J J J 2 2 !T - Woods...! 6-J 6 11-5 1
,»fl Oemond. 4 us 2(7 54 E 5 B 4 tl ij \valsh...l 8 1* 1* 5
J55 ;^on»OBd. 1 117 t]5 «1 «4 64 42 'Kilev.' I 4 7 7 2
;^J ¦* J "- » ««! »'T 2 2 2H *1 B» IE. Jnnw....l « 10 10 S
;^* ,i£ tor ',* ,;•; "" 7 '2 11 «2 42 «R!J. M»rtln...l S 6 11-2 J
J2 !?"•*•,• 't?: 1 - 8 - r?! «'« 1* 7 10 75 75 iFaliehy ....I 60 1M 1M 80
JS KSS? »jjg.'.4.V.-.im HI » 02 ? 5 «6 (Vcnonaid ..I 4 S-2 9-S S-S
.«: 'Twir.k. Twlnk. «.Tl?1 S t 4 8 5 » 9 '9 tBurltngamp ! 83 100 100 40
T 'iH.t7 3 " :l# H: 5 '"- :i ~^ : *~ 1 *- :M: •*¦*• 1:23 - <*°™* et*rt. TVon »a««Ur. P»eord and third
¦pr-.r. Winner, Fred Cook's ch. h. by lmn. St. Blsi«»-"Wpo'lflower. Conditions, wind
f.rT weather »ulti»d wirner. P#coy is lmrrcA-l^e:. T^OTnord a rtontiT trit<' A1»« oult. A«»or
»» r*.v en« J»rt»1« P.*1d n cranky actress and almost left. Scratched— Dr. Martcs 119. An
t^»^«»tB ;:4. Pwiffwut-r 114.
1B70. FECOXD RACE— Pl» ar.d a half f-.trlongo; two and three rear old fillies ; purse. $400.
TMex jHww. Asre. Weight. 'Pot^St. U. H. Btr. Fin. 1 Jockeys, h Opt '_/¦ HI. ;s. Cl] PL
T ;21 '2 ab -. 2 ino ' ""* * * 1*4 ~* '- T - Miller....! 1-? Ts Tl S«
Sl5t* Kwttt.-a.HM 4U 2HSS 4 2R iMounre ....I s r s 8-10
£* ,il' Ti(!a - 2 1*?» J!! 11 1H !h «4 'WiirhsTiBn ..I R 7 « «-S
'.rn vnrn- Ptone. ;..:ivi 2 i i > » 2h 31 4 'rnh^rr, i « an 20 4
T!jn»— 1-1*. J!*\: "-":*¦ :«««*: 9-l«. tSTv;: CHf. 1:24. Good rtirt. Won e*rVy. P— or* and third
;..?*' T T! nr "' r - J r PcVon-'e b. f. by Belvide're-lmp. Penlnnh. Bab. off badly, won. In
l^RO. THTRP RAPT:— One and an elphth m'!e*: selllnr: thrpe-ye ar -old5 and ur: purs«e. 14^0.
. . ! IPoTl I \. P^ftlnr >
Ir.de X| Hnr». Age. VTctght.' ; PBt'St. V.. 4. Str. Fin. I ¦ Jockeys. I Op. HI. Cl. PI.
• \^ r> * TA * i - * 1fl? ' 4 '^ « / 41 11 T« !T. MHl-r....! « R r ~l 5^
••-¦•** /**rr.ru!i. 4 lflSl J'S ! !' « !h 2 *; 'v. Keii r ....i is 30 30 «
•¦x-u rnr. B«ntT«, S.-T^ 1 ?' «'4 2h 2n 21 S* (7-? 4 4 1
*Z2 °i'"" r Tone. 4....HH' ri« as 34 41 4K HCUev;. I % ?0 30 r»
12 T> "T nt - S ¦""' 1M *H Kh « K4 l\f. T?,r—n..' 1 K-J 11-K 7-10
_*¦»* G, nTit1pt- 4 ,,-¦ »;; 1: i; sa ft iMrnonsld ..' 8-S S-2 2 !»-5
*«?-:•& !l^* : 5" :T: * t: ** 1:0?U: '•¦ l:«8«<: -i. l:*ni: Km. l:r.«H. GviJ st«rt. Won e«p-
Ily 5><-«-r.d »r.-1 thlM ee-llv. -Winner. J. F Srhnr-, br. tr. bv Tvlnfl-n-tmn. OU1l»n. Ko-nJ?
« r.-anrer in «ur and »nr1*MlT. Pilvpr Tone came out limbered up and ran some.
r".«'i-tlet *v!Vei1. OnT^onTlt ha* lost form.
?3«1. Fnr-RTH PACF.— Sev»n mid a half furlrngo: three-year-olds and ur: pur««e. $<iyv
1 !piTT~~ j ~i - pr > M
Ir.^ei 'Hor^e. Age. Wrtght/PstTt. K. 4- Ptr. Fin. » Jockeys. I Op. HI. a. V\.
££? 'Z?ll* -V""- t-rlZl ! ! * *~* 14 14 is 'j. woM~!~n u 1-5 -
f'WI 'PIrhn. > 1MI if 4 34 2« 54 •( !.T Walsh I <t J 4?
.... 'rnrt T«or. 4...nr! SI! i| 4| i"» t 10 i*»* r ... h ! • • • 1
•*U 'Fori>^-anrs>i. 5 ...W 1 I S 5 5 B S IWeddemM"l « 5 5 1
T<?r *— M «. **& '-'•«¦ :!'• M«. 5»1 H-IS. l:10U: 7 ; -^f 1 J7U Bart *tart Won all n,it «s«;'
w'L W i, hlLri r^ a "" '*** fur1onr - "With « -trr.nr^r rifler Plohr, would have taken him
barrier wa, ¦Sj£&
m«»S. FTFTH nACK-&x furlongs: selling: three-year-ol^. and tip; pun-e. tm.
' . !Po.' } « rtrftti 1
In^ei^org*. Age. Wetgfct. | P»t ISt. H- K. Wtr. Fin.; Jorker*. »' Op. III. O~ P?
' r>^n^«'. * !•«' 1J7-.T1 lh IU 11 IT Miller I j« 9 t~i — T7I
Tr« 'P-, r 'l. S 1(91 4!T JJ }| 2: tWe^JAt'-dl 2 I J1 '^
tset yitten. s si's is 44 si jj t: :rown ! I ? 9 "5 H
'Ia M«-"tta, t.-.l^' 512 *h S2 4.1 4S !rv>m'nt»-k I * « ik I
¦jrrn Afwrie-lnw.. 3... •»!»!« 51 44 «4 «« IT_ Dalv I 10 in A 1,
¦¦¦CT Onvx. 4 1061 ;¦» > 9 9 «, tEno , , too
T'Tr.e— i4 . -SSU: U. l:'^- 1^ "^rj- W«n -Keil-r. Second »M thirti driTlne- tV3n
•ffl be t^taw. BQttca win hesr wp.tehine ncrr. J A M^cotta had SlVntT n^2~./
L^^^:- g - f ? t - f>fi :^'- ffl ' l ' w m " c - coua naa P" nt y of speed,
1?^£ppTXTHRACE-^lxfi^^i^^ *
f*- **>*«**• ft *g«- H- H- Str. Fin. I Jockeys. l'~Op7~ hT^CL PL
TS« 'naelrsn, 4 1*1 811 5h 51 4J lh iMounce I « « «7T 7
r.J4T) 'r n Ca-.e»a. S t«l 4 ! 1 11 1 h 1 4 J n 7 r « 10 lo 1
:ST« 'Pllrrt. 3 WI II: 41 34 ll SI ICobnri S " o 1 ? R J
1"3 'Wacteir-n. 8 K31 »!4 Sh 42 E2 «H iWertdeUrd'l 4 *2 M 5
HT4 :Matt Hnewi. S.... PS! 1!« IS 28 21 M 1 !J Waldo A % : it !
O2SO 'The Rir.ge- %.... 95' J J 8 S5 ei 7 5 7R nS^TnlPk" ! 5 « *• J
fllfO 'Maytfine. S <»<>« 7 5 8 4 S « t! «2 JT Wood si JO SO SO in
nun rim r^n. 5 10c; m, 1 > t » :>i. W^ . ! 10 » % J J
nin»-H .jS4«i; 4- V 1:154. G~>d start. Won Cm three driving. Winner p corrt
ran 1 eh^ «. by Rartn*-Erm«cellBt. Raelva^ to. outfooted the first part but Mounce «vei
j CeaJ rf rnniaJ !rj the -troll home. Un Cad»&u quite a sprinter irtth n«hln* ud m.c
L«ren Tron^t do. Pilot ran well. Scotch Plaid will do better ever a route The Elnge^i
Joseph E. Mulvin, a butcher, 21 year3
of age and residing at 22 Rondel street.
was dragged by cars on the belt line a
distance of nearly three blocks last even
ing and killed. His body was horribly
mutilated and was taken to the Morgue
by Deputies Meehan and Donahue.
Just how the accident happened no one
seems to know, but it is thought that Mul
vln attempted to cross the track between
the cars while they were in motion.
Shortly after 7 o'clock last night o
switch engine operated by Engineer T. G.
Thompson was drawing a mixed tram
along the water front. As the cars ap
proached Battery and East streets some
one signaled the engineer to stop and he
£ ¦ once shut off steam and applied the
air brakes. Mulvln's body was then taken
out from between two box cars. It ¦was
found that it had been dragged from Fil
bert and East streets. The theory of the
Attempted to Cross the Track Between the Cars' While They Were; in Motion and Evi
dently Slipped— His Body Was Horribly Crushed.
Mulvln's left arm was almost amputated
and his legs and bod" were badly man
gled. The engineer was arrested.
railroad men is that Mulvln Jumped be
tween the cars while they were moving
for the purpose of ~etting across the
track. He must have missed his footing
and slipped to the ground between the
rails. His clothing caught on one of the
low brake beams and he was dragged to
death. S:^U*--
DRAGGED UNDER TRAIN NEARLY THREE BLOCKS TO HIS
DEATH IS THE FATE OF JOSEPH E. MULVIN, A BUTCHER
BY F. B. MULHOLLAND.
T~VE. very warmest one the book
makers a,t Tauforau Park picked
up yesterday was Ordnung, which
made his California debut in the
f.fth event- AlthouEh not pre
possessing in looks, there were thirty
"Fr.'pers" stationed at every book waiting
'or the odds to be posted ag-alnst tho
stranger. One or two of the more un
n-arj- pencilers chalked up 8, and were
almost Vspocked o£f the block. Of 3 to 1
i l!mlted portion was obtainable, but S
:o 5 was the market price. This was
rubbed to 9 to 10— though when later a
play developed on Pupil, it was 8 to 5
and take your pick between the two
hordes. Ordnung was entered In the name
sf C. Lind. and running away from his
associates. m came home In swaggering
f&ffhion. a. length or so a.head of Pupil
end the others. Those in on the know
assort the horse is Ftill the property of
J. F. Schorr, and that he was turned
yew to "Frisco" Lind in Chicago for the
purpo^J cf foolinsr the public. Green B.
Morris, trainer of Pupil, it was reported,
vcuid protest the payment of the purse
to Lind, on the prounds that the sprinter
w.->« fictitiously entered. As a two-year
->!<* then a member of the Schorr string.
rtrdnunK outworked both F. "W. Brode and
s ftin Phillips, and was heralded as a new
turf wonder. He went wrong, though.
and has been on the retired list for many
noons.
For Friday, and with a racing card only
-ommonplace, the attendance was large.
The warm weather, had worked great
changes with the track, which was good.
but far from fast. Favorites took three
purses. , __
A decidedly open betting affair, Fred
Cook'B chestnut horse St. Wood proved
th<> surprise In the first event, a six and a
ha!f furlong run. with a field of nine
Ftarters. In front when a quarter had
been covered he iron under reefed sails,
from the favcrlte Decoy and the outsider
Gsmcnd.
Johnny Schorr's filly Bab had nothing
to beat In th* number following. She wa»
1 to 2 In the rlns:. -winning easily from
Coming Event. Merifia and Birdie Stone
were the only other etarters.
Jockey J. Miller had the leg np on Koe
niir also from the Schorr stable. In the
•alle and a furlosg run. decided under sell-
Ing conditions. Gauntlet and Opponent
carried the bulk of the coin bet. At odd«
of 8 to 1. Koenig won hands down.
Cainiras. *n outelder. disposed of Dr. Ber
nays for the place, while the choices
brought op In" the rear.
«5i I1 « fl v! e i# a S ed , th * barrie r the -even
and a half furlone purse run. Eddie
Jones and First Tenor, coupled In the
Dettlng. had a pronounced call. It was
•w?.^ 1 fo^Jjnate for the backere of the
v&V? 1 dU T° that Uttle J - Walsh "de
w« k ' + Edd1 / . Jones l9 far from bel "? at
?« i H t< », and « lt was a11 '"'oods could do
to land him first from Plohn by a lone;
V£ itn ?: m ? re d «t«rmine<t finisher in
the saddle, the decision would have been
earned by the last mentioned horse.
oi^i an ' 3 5i?: clvan ca Ptured the con
cluding sprint. The Racine gelding's odds
werp graduallv rubbed from 6 to 3 and
driving hard, Mounce got him first to the
wire by a narrow marpin. Un Cadeau. the
pacemaker, beat out Pilot for second posl
tion.
Following: are to-day's entries:
*" JrBt , T * r — FAx furlongs; maiden two-year-
OIC3, Relllr^;
:^. u " ler 1353 Litmus X1S
JSUl 1 ."* 10 . 11 U5 1214 Brutal m
132S Missal 105 1ST7 George Dewey.,115
Second race— Six rurlonirs; two-year-olds:
randirgj);
iHS^A* ?4: 13T1 Bernota 30
O2C7)Golden Age. ...123 O275)Dlderot 109
Joe Frey 120 «314)Canmore 112
ThirtracM)n* and a half miles; thre«-year
clds and ur.ward: hurdle; purse:
•— "* n *J' l f lM|(J370)Credo 14«
1364 Rio Chico Ui Eva Moe 121
Fourth raw-On* mile; three-year-olds and
upward; Goodwood handicap:
1JT6 Larator 103 13C2 Grwenoek 101
1S76 Mortiraee .103 US71)Sybarla .. 100
"•^.^Icaln 120 (1223)Woo«ter Boy"!ll8
flM2)The Lady US 1378 Formfro 112
<JU 4 »^™ vl » r » "2 .... Star Chamber...lO9
(13S1) Eddie Jones.... Hit
Fifth rare— One mile; three-year-olds: purss:
1331 The Bobby 105 1293 La Borajla... 11»
1354 Gll»eando 109 1344 Th* Buffoon 109
1211 Anjou 112 1S40 Hindoo Prtnc's 109
1374 Duckoy 103 .... Lamachus 112
13S4 St. Anthony.... 109
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward: selllnr:
1364 Acrobat 1D7 1329 Morinel 107
a3I3)Ura(Ja 107 .... Bell Punch 1M
12» Walkenshaw ..110 1JM Tappan 107
1372 Socialist 107 «J5«)Locochee 107
1&A gea Lion 110 1J56 Topmast 107
1388 Castakc 10T
Probable Winners.
First r»c*— Utmus. Courtier. Illusion.
6econ4 race — Golden Are. Diderot. Canmort.
Third race — Eva Moe. Rio Chlco, Credo.
Fourth race — MorteTafe, The Lady, Star
Chamber.
Fifth race — I>ama.chus, Anjou, The Bobby.
Sixth rac«— Morlnel. Locochee, Bell Punch.
WOODLAND, Nov. 28.— C. W. ThomM, pres
ident of the Woodland Chamber of Commerce,
Hon. O. W. Pierce and A»*emblyman-elect
Cctlaa will represent Tolo County at the con
ference of Congressmen, legislators and Bac
rtcento Valley Development Association to be
fceid in Eaer&znento Saturday afternoon and
errnirg. •
7>*Tnm OF EAELY DATS
IS CALLED TO BEST
Alexander Phillips, an Old Merchant
of Tills City, Expires in
Seattle.
Alexecfier Phillips, a pioneer of this
city filcfl In Seattle laet Thursday even
ing from a complication of ailments. Thj
deceased was a native of Australia and
came here In ISO. He. claimed the distinc
tion of opening the first bakery in San
Francisco and wiling the first loaf of
bread purchased here. He also supplied
the first soda water drunk in this city.
«ro'-r to Sacramento In a sloop to bring
the carbonated water to the Golden Gate.
Mr Phillips' subsequent career was de
voted to the theatrical business. In the
palmy days of theatrical affairs at the
old California Theater be received J12 a
day posting bills and trimming lamps.
Afterward he was a musician in the
orchestra and served under Wallace for
Mr* Stark and the great Charles Keen*.
In IS58 he went with a party of pioneers
to the Fraser River Juring the gold ex
citement there. j ''
He vu a member of California Lodge
No 1 I O. O. F.. and had received all
the honors that the Free and Accepted
Masons could fcestow. The deceased
leaves a wife. Mrs. Rebecca Phillips, and
eleven children, among whom are Mrs.J.
Inaaes and Mr*. Casper of Monterey. The
deceased was S7 years of age. ;
Criticized the Kaiser.
BERLIN, Nov. 23.— F. Schultz. a Berlin
cabinet-maker, has been sentenced - to
three months' Imprisonment for criticizing
Emperor William's "no pardon" speech.
Schultz 4s the sixth victim within a, week.
WOODLAND. Nov. 23.— At a meeting of the
Woodland Chamber of Commerce last evening*
a committee- was : appointed to prepare - and
present to the Southern Pacific Company a pe
tition asking for terminal facilities for Wood-'
land. - -;¦¦_ ¦ ¦ -.-.:. ¦ .;•:•:«--..-;."
* SANTA ANA, Nov. 23.— There has been j no
rain here since early yesterday morning. ¦ yet
a rreat deal of water is atandln* in the celery
fields in the 1 peat, lands, the drainage canals
not being sufficient to carry It away. A rough
estimate places the damage to the celery crop
at $100,006 to $150,050.' Much depends on the
prevailing temperature for the next week - or
ten days.
SATS JAPANESE WITNESS
CONFESSED TO PEBJTTBY
Sensational Statement Made by At
torney Riordan in Judge
Pritz's Court.
Masujl Miyakawa. the Japanese
charged with extortion, testified In his
own defense before Judge Fritz yesterday
afternoon. He is accused of attempting
to extort money from T. Mulro, a woman
who has a house for Japanese at 512 Du
pont street. One of the principal wit
nesses atralnst him was S. Sakabe. who
testlflwd that he had given money to Ml
yakawa In ! a restaurant with which to
"square" the police.
Miyakawa denied the accusation and
paid that Sakabe came Into the restaur
ant and without saying a word, put the
money on the table where he was sitting
and hurriedly left the place. He picked
up the money to return It to Sakabe. and
when he was searched the coin, which
was marked, was found In his pocket by
the police.
T. D. Rlordan, for the defendant, said
that Sakabe had stated in his presence
and In the presence of Secretary Frank
Kane of the Pacific Coast Society for the
Suppression of Vice that his testimony
was false and he would so swear If
brought into court. The Judge, in view
of the disclosure, continued the case for
a week, when Sakabe will be asked to
give his reasons for perjuring himself.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 23.— At , Newport to
day th« track was sloppy and the eport
poor. Results: :^} , . '
One mile, selling— Etta won. Baffled second,
Barilla third. Time. 1:48.
Six furlongs— Ed Adack won, Aaron second.
Horea third. Time. 1:18.
One and a sixteenth mile*, selling— Castle
won. Nearest second, Tlckful third. Time,
1*53%
Six' furlongs— Tom Collins won. Nancy Till
second Harry Thobum' third. Time. l:lf.
One mile and fifty yards— "Winter won. Uterp
second Albert Vale third. Time, 1:MU.
Six furlongs— Gold Lack won, Louisville Belle
second. Lord Fraser third. Time; 1:19%. :
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— Results at
Bennlngs:
Mile and fifty yards, selling— Althea won.
Rare Perfume second. Sir Fltzhugh third.
Time, 1:47. - ¦ ¦ ¦ . .
Flv* furlong*. selllne; — CherrlcB won. Alzora
second. Obliged third. Time, 1:03 4-5.
Maidens, seven furlongs— Leon Ferguson won.
Mordelrna second. Old , Tank third. Time,
1-23 4-5. ' •
Six furlonrs — McAdle'won, Sadie S second.
Robert Wadde II third. Tlm«, 1:15 2-5.
Mlie and forty yards, selling— Evelyn Byrd
won. Spun second, , Beverage third. Time.
1-45 4-S.
Handicap, mile and 100. yards— First 'WhiD
won. Imp woor.d. Asqtilth third.". • Time, 1:49 2-5.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— Having enjoyed
a day's rest after a trip across the Atlan
tic in the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse. Tod
Sloan had almost recovered his equi
librium when seen at the Victoria Hotel
to-night by a Call representative. He was
about to sit down to dinner in a dress
suit His first Question when English
racing news was touched upon; ww: " Did
you see Lord Durham's telegram to tho
stewards? I do not think Lord Durham
is opposed to the Americans as a nation,
nor to any particular Jockey or traJner.
I airree entirely with what Mr. Corrigan
safd anl I think the touts have caused
the whole trouble. There is one fellow in
particular who tried to pass htaedf as
me and another time called himself
"keels' Martin, and when that was found
out against him he palmed himself off as
my brother. Of course, he deceived many
Ksons and that began to give us baS
names. If people 7,°"" l?t mealone I
would have no trouble with anybody. It
is these fellows that go across from^here
to bet on our mounts who have caused
us to be so much talked about.
"What about your engagement to nao
fO .^ri.^e n r C e e n O eve7% l |- ? a contract so I
never was really retained. Had It not
blen for all this talk though there is no
doubt I would have been. I do not.anti
cipate the least trouble In getting a li
cense to ride in England or anywhere else
I have been in no trouble. I do not bet
nor do I manage anybody s stable.
RACE RESULTS QN
EASTERN TRACKS
SLOAN BLAMES IT
ALL ON THE TOUTS
Commodore W. N. McCarthy of the San
Francisco Yacht Club has Issued a cir
cular to the yacht owners whose boats
are moored off the Sausalito water front
asking them to meet him at the clubhouse
to-morraw morning. The object of the
meeting is to confer upon a request made
by ex-Commodore C. H. Harrison on be
half -of the Town Council of Sausalito
that the barrels or floats sustaining' the
mooring chains of the yachts should be
removed when the yachts go out of com
mission for the winter. Certain Govern
ment vessels desire to spend the winter at
Sausalito and it is said that the town will
derive much financial , and social benefit 1
from the presence of the vessels, which
find the- moorings of the yachts in their
way. There Is danger of a steamer get
ting her propeller foul of the chains at
tached to the mocring-barrels and seri
ously entangling her.
Commodore McCarthy says that he feels
satisfied that the yacht owners can com
ply with the request with very little
trouble or expense to themselves, and
thinks that they ought to be willing- to
help the tradespeople of Sausalito In the-lr
financial Interests and the residents In
their social ambitions. The yacht owners,
on the other hand. say. that they have a
prior right to their mooring ground, and
ought not to be dlspossessediby any ves
sel, whether owned by private parties or
the Government of the United States.
They ear that the Government vessels can
anchor outBide the line of smaller craft
or off Hurricane Gulch, and are riot in
clined to think it a great hardship that the
officers, when visiting their Sausallto
friends, have to be rowed a few hundred
yards in a nice gig manned by bluejack
ets. The yacht owners also say that if
they once allowed the water near the
clubhouse to be occupied by Government
vessels they would never' be able to get
It back. A season or two ago a Govern
ment vessel tried. to run down the moor
ings of the sloop Nixie, supposing the
barrel to be a wooden one. but. when it
turned out to be of stout iron, they con
cluded that it would be better to let it
alone in the future, as if did more in-
Jury to the charging vessel than to the
iron buoy. . > _
The storm , of * Tuesday night caused
considerable commotion among the yachts
lying, at moorings off the Sausallto
clubhouse. L. Sherman's yawl Royal,
now chartered by F. A. Hyde, was carried
away and wrecked in the angle formed
by. the ferry slip and the wharf. She
filled and sank. On Thursday afternoon
a scow was brought alongside, to which
she was made fast. The two were then
towed by the launch Envoy to Old Sausa
lito. Dr. T. L. Hill's sloop Cygnus, which
had sailed up last. Sunday from South
San Francisco, broke loose from her
moorings and was carried over to Belve
dere Island, •where she was „¦ thrown ; up
broadside . on the rocks. She was taken
off at high tide on Friday; and beached
near Smith's boat : building shop. :
STORM DRIVES
YACHTS ASHORE
TJUi SAA Jb'KA^d&Jo CAliJL, SATUKDAtf, NOVEMBER 24, 1900.
"BOSS" CROKER OF TAMMANY
AND ONE OF HIS BULLDOGS
ORDNUNG TOO W0RM
FOR THE BOOKIES
THE CALL'S RACING -CHART.
THE Merchants' Athletic Club gave
Its initial boxing exhibition last
night at Woodward's Pavilion be
fore an audience so small that It
sent the chills up and down the
managerial spinal column. All told about
500 spectators were scattered on the
benches. Harry McGlnnis refereed the
contests from start to finish. .
The first bout was between Jack Scott
and Willie Boren. It lasted the full four
rounds. Boren- petting the dec'slon. Then
Roy and McFadden mixed matters for th«?
limit of rounds, Roy winning out by a de
cision.
Mike Easan nnd Mike Curtln foujrht s->
hard and so well that an extra round was
necessary before the referee could settle
upon Curtln as the winner.
Kid Flnnerty polished off Jim Carney
In two rounds. A stiff jo'.t did the trick
and Carney slept for more than ten sec
onds. Ed Hanlon and Tom Davidson
went- the four stages, which jrsve Hanlon
the. right to wear something on his ehe»t.
The concluding mJx-up was between Kid
Williams and William. Conlan. Four
rounds of spasmodically fast flgfttin?
ended In doubt for the referee, s* he
ordered the fifth. Williams played ca
Conlan's basement and top story In this
rotlnd and was announced the winner at
the end. '»'•¦> ".""-?¦
INITIAL SHOW AT
MERCHANTS' CLUB
RACING, BOXING, GOLF AND FOX HUNTING SPORTS
PAN DIEGO. Not. IT— Amor.* th» n-.ta.bte
ru*»ts who are expected »t th«" JMt»! ' d»l
Cnron*»<1o In th» next f»w days Is 0->vernor
rifct Rlchanl Tatps of Illinois, who Is on h'*
*ray b»r* from •""blown. accompanied by h'*
wife. He will taVe "the r~3t cur*" by tbt
«»r> aft»r his hard <*a»nr>al*n and before as
r;:mlns the duties cf hl» Mir otto.
The members of tho San Mateo Hunt
Club. ¦will, meet to-morrow at Moormead.
J. J. Moore's place near Fair Oaks, at 3:3>
in' the morning. A coyote will b<? liber
ated, and. after. givinv him a little Um9,
the pack will be laid on. The heavy rain
has softened the ground, so that men wltl>
valuable hunters will not be chary of tak
ing., them out. and a large field Is ex
pected.' The runs after coyotes are. to e.
considerable extent, matters of chance. If
the coyote has been caught at a distance,
he does not know which way to run when
he Is set free: but. If r.e happens to have
been born and lived lr. the neighborhood.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTEjpURlfYT
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /&^zg£r*e
Veary •s»«ll smsl as m*s?r
to t&ka as rag&rw
SFF I^AbTrtfC?] 018 HEADACHE. CCD
DEC CARTERS FOR BIZIWESS. iEC
fiCwmWC UPlTTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. ™ KVxm
6ENUINE gfi \/E R F0R torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS F0R COMSTIPATlOa.
WD APppO M M " FOR SALLOW SKIB. WRAPPF&
w K ArrLK IroR the cosmExioa " K ArriUl
-. . oJUfvma *M«riM»tu0iiATui«c. •
BAILBOAD TBAVEL. t BATLROAD TRAVEL.
"•" TI!liIi ;^!!I,r MI ' ARlt CAL1F0INU NOSTHWESTEIN BT. CO.
Train* !•••»»• s*<l sr» .!••<• !• atrrlv* •« \? 'i - XjE3S3BIE2
(Mainui. «. F^tofM^Tt sueet.) SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
Z ~ — — ~ RAILWAY COMPANY. -1 ••
»AT« - Feoii ?,ovimb« 7. 1900. - anaiTi nBTjRON FERRT-rOOT OF MAJUtrT Kt.
•7tt»iShuuE»rna- DmiU. WiIHams(for WTEK DATS— t:89. »:0O. 11:» a. m.:U:JJ. t:«.
Banlatt - BortDnX Willows. Ked »:10. •:» n. m. TburwJays— ExUa, trip at U:*l
Bluff, Poruiud. *7i43p P- ™- Baturdayt— Eitrt, trip* at 1:M aa4
C»lU«*a»DdHu.» no«. IT. ••illlr BVSVAY&-IM. »:». lt:00 a. m.( 1M. t:SQ. 1:0*.
«»!OO« D»Tis, Woodland. KnlshU Laodiac t •:» P- m. . ¦ ; . -¦; *?
Mariititle. oroflile. *1' 4 *' Smn Rafael to 6am Frunclnco. <-*
52L*Jfn * U^ ov ' —,., l:«. «:» P. m. 8aturd»y»-Extr» trips at 1-3
•»•*•« 8.n Jose. IJfermofe. «^^»- BVST>AY3^»:IX »:«X U:10 a. m.: V.4O. I:«X •:<».
•»•••« Oakdal.. Chinese. Souora. C%rtm... Mtl»P
Vtx—A H«jwar<l». Nilrt and W»j Sutlons. »l IHU aamt scted-ile a» above. _^
MhOOaLu AnMlea Expreu — Martinet Leave ] In Effect I ArrtT*
Trscj. Lathrop. Stockton. M.rcrd g^a Francisco. |Nov. 7. POO. | San Frandsea.
Frwno and Jjou Aagmea *Tsl5p — — . — — — ' ¦ »
•9i3Q* Vallrjn. Martinez ami Whf Stations 'aU.lt TCwk J Sun- I I Bua- t W«k
•I ot«« a The OrerUnd Limited— Ogdeo, Deo- Days. 1 days. | DestlBation. | days. | V*T*.
»er Omaha, Chlcafu. "•i43p ¦ ' ¦ i .
•1Ii«0a Nilta, Stockton. Macramecto, Men- • T:SO am IMin Norato. J13:Oam 1:40 la
dota. Fresno, Ilanford. VltalU. 1:10 pm 1:39 am Petaluma. I 1:05 pm 10:tJ an
PurUiTilia *«il3r 8:10 pm 5:00 pm 8aj.ta Roaa-| 7:15 pm t -Ji pta
tlsoorSacTaTnMit.,i:iter8te»ii.err. !•«••* t^0 am Windsor. »:» ia
•SiOOp H»jtr«Js, Nilt • ami Waj Btatlom. 'Hil-Ir Healflsburs;,
•4iO»p Martinet, rian lUiuou. Vallejo, Ge °?11
Mi««r Beni^*'* WiX'rB!*" t »a<> l rm l Iii"nlo\ ' * »:10 pm l^lua CloTTdaU. [ 7:3B pm t:Hpm
Wootlland, Ki.l.hU jAodlng, -.— > -_« I n.-t..j i •
m. 3 .p Ha [ 7^ II S,K^Bai-i^:v.:: -jsij;: '-""li^ail^^sa. tf^^Nam
•HtQQv NUes. Llrermore ami Stocktcn • I «xI3a mo -— i iou ¦»
ff3.OOi.Btio.et Umtled. El Paee, »•»,.,, 1:00 am Oomm-m*. T:» pm - ,
Orleans and lint el*:13a t-3S mn 1 i:Z» tn»
•3:OOrTl.» Owl Umited— Tracy. Krr.oo. .*'** pm , ! , £..
Bakn«s«ld. Kausu* for Banta Bar- i:to am trtO am Sonoma I 9:13 am 1:4ft aai
bars, Los Ancelea... •10:1.%* ¦ , .. &nd - -'" .-
•BrtOrKew Orleant EiDreas-UskennelO. 1:10 pm «:00 pm Glen Ellen, f I:OS pm «:» pn»
Santa linrUra. l.os Angelt*. Dem- ' i--
Ing. TA Paao. New Orleana and T:SO ami 8:Miml !»!*» ac»jl»:lS ata
Kaat "Ttas* t:SO pm{ &:00 pm[ Bvbastopol. | 7:33 pn{ «:23 pa»
"l.SVr v"i;" dS> NUe " :* d "" J °":::::. .Ji^t 8U,« connect at Sanu Rosa for iTarTweTt
•«i«orOri«itaj"Mall-bgden.'''Cheyeno«. fprlnp *nd Wntte Siilphar Sprtnn: »-t rultoa
Omaha, Chlcsgo ... . •»:iSr tor Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Bpiinca: at
•ttiOOr Oriental Mall-Ozdeo. Denver. GeyserrllLi for Skasgi 8prtrur»: at Clojrerdal*
Omaha ChScaco . . *4ilSp ! tor th« Gey»ers: at HopUuid for Duncaa
•7iMr<)ncunsnd Oalifnnils KipiNS.HnV 6prtn(r«. Kichland Bprlnn, Kel«*r»l«e. C*rls-
ramentii, Maryttillv, Kk.i.Mi <g, tad Bpr'.agj, tioda Bay, LAkeport and B&rt'iett
r,.rtl«n.l. I'ngBt HuuikI au<] Kms *l:«.1a Bprlnn; at TJXiah for Vichy Sprtnfs. 8araton
•tiOllrSan Pablo, P»rt Ootta, Mtrtiaex Cprtnts. Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell La'*?. Wltti*
am! Wi» fltatlous 4. # 11i4»a. Eprincs. Upper La«». Pomo. Potter Valier.
tSrOSr Vall>]».... *1I.-43 V John Day's. BlTerslde, Llerley"s. Buekaell's.
... ¦....^¦i > JM : * eanttedrtn Hel«Ht», liull-vtlto. Ox's Hot SprtaKS.
<«l*sr l»l VISION <N«rrou i;»ms»). Jdendoclno City, frort Brarx;. Wwtport, Utal.
(Foot i>t Market .StreetJ \TineU. Laytonrlte. Cumminf^. Beirt 8prlns«.
•biISa Newark CenUriilia SihJom V.linn T — MtrrU. Olser.s. Dyer. Sootta aad Eureka.
BZd.r^J.^UO,.^».f WaV -Saturday to Monday round-tri* Uckeja at f
Hbttkina - MiIb> <uctd rates. . ¦
> t»«l»rM.-ar%C«te;;iitoV8a..'j^e;Ne^ O» Sunday., roond-trtp Ueket. to aU potata
Almaden Felton Itonldar c'rark beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Santa cfuiMd fth&l ™!i flcktt office. U0 Market it^ CtoH^bail*
MilSr Newark."HanJme'.Los*Gat^s'.!!!!!! •S: > 5»» ' H. C WHITIXO. Oen. Paaa. lit.
«llt4Sr Hunters' Exeonlon. Ban Jose and . . $**- Manaser. - ...
Way Stations t?r»Or
« or ™ PAWICCOASJ RAILROAD.
•7:11 9:00 ii:Oo». if . ii'O3 *a-03 13M - vio sousowto F*rrf.
•4 : B3 IS 83 •«B3p ¦ —^ ~ Commenoln* Septranber *•. 1300. *
118:00 '1:00 »:30 »3:03 tt:83 »B:83rji. WEEK DAT^«rS5r^Sru;» a. n.. I:*
COAST l>iri.SI05 (Hro.djla.ne). ! j l: &TRA*TWpt^or iftll'ValUy an^l Sa.
(Thlr.1 »nd Townieml Sis.) | Rafael, ea Mondays. Wedswaday. &ad Bat-
t«»ie>a.Ooean View. South Man Frandseo.. t«>3e>r Br^,W T^» t v'ii??^5! d U i.? £r "1%. « L^J2
"7lO«* Hail Joae anil Way Stations (New . P. U1 ! I> £ T rZ? 8 2 !< L 9:0 °. *U:*» a. m., 1U4
A linadeu Wednesdays only) *liS»p «:1». Nlii. 1:10, I:M p. m.
•tiMa Han Joee. Tres Pliios. H...U Crus, -IS l i n * H m 5 rk i <1 1 } "? a to B * n So««B. -
•HlBO* Man Jots an.l \V», HUtlons •Siaor •^^¥3,21 V • l: 5ift ad J* l iff
tl.OrS.n Mateo. Redwood. Ueolo Park, «^H^?Tii J0 V..S :W ' W:00 ' sU ** "*•
Sou.i^n.? Vie.1. '0^!!.^ ,...»•» JP #^^^78^4f T .^ ttL? iS^a? 3^-
«a<S«P San Jose and Way HtaUnns •'"" i M^ l^ll l*» lii^M »" ™ ¦*,¦*••
H: I »r San Jose and Principal Way 8Ut!ont •»!«* j U ibJ^ TR»M m MmSn W«ifi^^
t»«tO P aa^ J^ Lo. Gato. and Priadpal ! JPffi^J" 1 !? 7:1°? a^^JTo. S*"^! 1 *"
•», S «P8a^ n .«n 1 apV n d>arWa-ySl.ito 0 ; --.SS. a JP^a*!*^* M:€i "* "^ U! * * :Uk **
•a:3Or San Joe* and Way Stations •«:»«» "*'*'• •••**•¦ %, nriT , rn TTtAT-M<»
a.,,4.r 9 .n Jce..,Kl Way Statlou. »7.»>P fc „, 8 *.!* ««, ,t*-
A for Morning l'lor Aftenioon. Hoc*.
•Dally. t Hunday ezcented. t ftaaday oaly. V.ii a. fa. B*turday»— Tomalea aad way ata.
$ Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays. tlena. >..„.•,.»_-. .: .
e Toesdaym. Thursdays. Sundays. 1:00 a. aa. •oBdaya— Tocuklea u4 vtj «t»-
• Saturday onlb «lOMk
Fe mouht. tamalpais railwa)
l»** * Leave. Sao Francisco, via Saosallto Ferrys
, . m ¦ WEEK DATS... .»:15 a. m.: 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
?Tp^Q iflC Dflllv 6UNDATS «:00, 10:tp. 11:30 and l:U,p.;ra,
M I +A. JL M. Mk a_? * Fare. t=an Francisco to Summit aad Return.
- : ¦•¦¦¦¦¦_"¦ II 40.-
X>aTe Marltet-rtreet rerry Depot NTEW TAVERN Or TA11ALPAIS NOVT OPE3».
' T1r>>t offlcwi. en MerV»t *t.. Saasa^ll!" F^rfy.
Lt«. Ban Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:W p ml J:» p a
Arr. Stockton 1J:$O p m 7:15 p m U:05 p m >^-— «^ -^ r^«»_«- » «i
*^ Merce<t »:« p m i:u a bv f y — >w Dr.Gibbon's Dispensary,
- vTSua :::::::: « : :o2 p S J;»»3 i-^a gu«> KE.in.\Y «t. EsuwuhM
•• Tulare t:Ti p m 5:10 a m ! Wl^&in 1^34 for the treatment of fTtvnt*
•» Hanford I:J3 p ra T:0< a m | H nk^Sf l)i.-wa«es. U»t M*hu<h-L ppbllltyrir
*• Bakersfleld ... 1:50 pm ¦>¦¦>«..¦. fffiiTllTrSC^aVil^ai^ wgaringnn body and mind ami
•* D«nver 10:00 a m i ¦ j Z^SJWB^aJ^^ln Dls^a*?*. The Doctor cnr»**li»n
•• Kansas City... 5:1S p m j >afc stMainih-rn (a». Trj- him. Chftrgps lo*.
" Chicago 7:40 am , r 'fldig3g?!< urf« rimninlrfd. CullorwrUe.
I a. m. train 1. the Overland Ex;rt«a. Com. Pr. J. F. OIBBOX. «a,. Fmnclaco. Cal. ; ;
•pondlns; train arrives at < p. m. dally. v ¦ ! ~" :
p. m. la Stockton LocaL Correspoadln* ! ' «» ' ¦» rrr' - ''
.3*^o^^S=%SBs]^aia Men and Women
tut- train arrives at I a. m. dally. f CHOfLD USE DAMU.Va BITTEP.3, TH!i
OFT1CES- Ml Market at. aad in Ferry Dspaa^ j O sjreat Mexican remedy; gtves health and
iv.nMiM- mi BroadiraT. Oakland. I «tren«Ui to sexual prsana. Depot. £S MarlMt.
:•¦ '• ' • "• ¦ ••• ..<-• * • i - v •••"•••¦•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Reveals itself in many ways. Some-
times the impurities iu the blood mark
and mar the skin with blotches, pimples,
boils or other eruptions. Sometimes the
, — v result of bad blood is
.X»-J rheumatism or a debilj-
f* j?*' tated condition which is
popularly described as
ml filjJP*S out, hartfly able
BBtPKflkj&ft&y to dra S myself
3 The impurities
MhBSKSviQ anc^ Prisons which
JcHpSm.: corrupt the blood, clog
JHHhHJU the liver 'and cloud the
-skin are removed by the
J^^^^^Bk us * °f Doctor Pierce's
Wl \ Mm Golden Medical Discov-
H 1 Si er y* ** < * 0€8 more a . n
¦ a jS eliminate the poisons : it
¦ 7C~bSH increases the activity
M§ of the blood-making
j-HJ glands so that there is
*^ /^ ;.- . an increased suj)ply of
pure, body-building blood. It brightens
the eyes, cleanses the skin, and gives
new, physical energy.
Accept no substitute for Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery.
"I thank God for the good yrrar medicines
hare done me," writes Mr. James M. Sizemore,
of, Mitchell, Xawrence Co., Ind., Box 501. "I
was not well for two years. My. throat was
always sore, head ached, and back ached nearly
all the time. My weight was 155 pounds. I
was taken sick with . typhoid fever, and when
the fever left me I had such a pain In ray left
side I could not breathe without pain. I
thought I must dis. My wife went to the
drug store and procured a bottle of I>r. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery and a vial of his
'Pleasant Pellets.' • I discontinued the use of
toy doctor's medicine and began with the
' Golden Medical Discovery ' and ' Pellets.'. I at
once began to feel better : the pain soon left mv
side and I coaid breathe with ease. In a week
or so I felt so good I could not stay in the room.
I began to walk about the streets ; I felt better
each morning. After a month's use of the medi-
cine I was well. ¦ That was over a year ago.
Now I weigh 184 pounds and feel better than
ever in my ii f e." . ¦
Dr. Pierce's Pleasan: Pellets cure con-
stipation.
DR.MCNULTY;
1'HIS WEUrKNOWN AND BKLIABLE OLD
. Specialist cum Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
Strtctnre, Henilnnl Weakness, Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. - Book on Diseases of Men, free.
OverCOTears'exper'ence.. Terms reasonable. Hours.
9to34ailT:8:30to3.30ev'f;*.ftundAy*.10to 12. Conaul-
t&tionfreeandsacredlyconlldential. Call or address
P. ROHCOE McXCIiTY, M.D. '
20}; Kearny St., San Francisco. CsL
<9%sj ¦ ¦ ¦ A unin * Rand Waterprr i:
¦ ll lllfl Smokeless Powder, in bUk
¦ I I 111 m. * nd loaded in shells. Send
111 I IV ./% for catalogue of •porting
UUIIV foods. GEO. W. SHBEVE.Several German statesmen of prominence must be
tired of their jobs and are yearning for the pleasures
of private life. They have been ridiculing the . Chi
nese policy of Emperor William,
Governor-elect Jennings of Florida is a cousin of
William J. Bryan, and Mr. Bryan has been invited to
go to Tallahassee to attend the inaugural ceremonies.
So he has a chance to see what an inauguration is
like after all. ' '
The suit now pending between the people of Oak
land and the Contra Costa Water Company illustrates
admirably how that giant corporation has reversed the
adage of turning millions into water by turning water
into millions. '- L/ .
< While the people of Russia know nothing of the
character or the gravity of- the Czar's illness, they
have absolute confidence that he will recover. For
his Majesty's sake it is to be hoped that his physicians
are not inspired by the same faith cure notions. -
If one of the forces ostensibly allied in New York
for the suppression of crime and vice were only sin
cere in its pretensions the great problem would be
solved out of hand. Tammany says it wants purity in
civil and public life.
One of the leading American missionary societies
has made a most material reduction in its provision
for foreign missionary work. It begins to look as If
we intended to spend our useless money at home for
the conversion and improvement of our own pagans.
1 — S.ISPATCHES from Washington announce that
I ) Senator Morgan, chairman of the Committee
*—^ on Interoceanic Canals, has received personal
assurance from President McKinley and Secretary
Hay that they wish the pending bill for the construc
tion of the Nicaraguan canal passed at the coming
session. The dispatch confirms previous reports from
other sources and strengthens the hope that we may
see the bill enacted and the great enterprise begun
during the coming year.
The bill now before the Senate is the one which
passed the House at the last session. The Senate
calendar contains a' special order providing that the
bill be taken up at 2 p. m. December 10. \ It is prob
able that before that time the report of the Canal
Commission will be in the hands of the Senate, and
consequently the Senators will have all the informa
tion attainable on the subject. There will then be no
occasion for further delay in the matter, and a prompt
passage of the act may be confidently expected.
It will be remembered the act provides that the
United States shall acquire from Nicaragua and Costa
Rica control of the territory through which the cana)
will pass, empowers the Secretary of War to construct
the waterway and to fortify it, appropriates $10,000,
000 for beginning the work, and limits its total cost
to $140,000,000.
The bill ignores the Hay-Pauncefote treaty, and it
was that fact which mainly prevented its passage at
the last session. We were then on the eve
of a Presidential election, and the Bryanites
thought they could make good campaign ma
terial by objecting to the treaty, and as a
result the whole measure was brought to a
standstill. The election is now over, and as the meas
ure itself is a non-partisan one, favored by all the
great interests of the country except the trans
continental railroads, it is quite likely the contest over
the treaty will be in some way satisfactorily arranged
and an agreement reached by which action can be
taken as the President is said to desire.
It is to be noted that Senator .Morgan is quoted
as saying that at this session the treaty and the canal
bill will be dealt with separately, and he is also re
ported as expressing the opinion that the two. are
quite independent of cne another. It is not easy to
see how that view of the case can be upheld, but th
public will not exact strict logic from. the Senators
on a matter of this kind. The American people wish
the canal constructed as promptly as possible, and
they also wish all treaty obligations honestly fulfilled.
It is quite certain, however, that Great Britain would
not Interpose any objections to our control of the
waterway, and, furthermore, is not in a position to
enforce objections if any were made. Such being the
case, the treaty can hardly be anything more than in
ternational fair dealing, and it would seem the Senate
might willingly ratify it.
The one thing certain about the whole matter is that
the American people are comparatively indifferent to
NICARAGUAN CANAL BILL.
REPORTS from Washington announce the re
ception in that city of private advices to the
effect that at a Papal consistory which is to
assemble December 17 one or more of the represen
tatives of the church in America may be created Car
dinals. The dispatch is careful to state that the an
nouncement is entirely unofficial, but it has been ac
cepted as fairly accurate, and a good deal of specula
tion is going on concerning it.
There are vacancies enough in the College of Car
dinals to justify the expectation that at least two
Americans may receive appointments. The latest is
sue of the official La Gerarchia Cattolica stated re
cently that during the Pontificate of Leo XIII— 1878
to 1900 — no fewer than 134 Cardinals have died. Only
four still live who were his fellow Cardinals under his
predecessor, Pius IX. The normal number of the
college is seventy, but thirteen of the seats are at pres
ent unoccupied. Seven Cardinals died in 1899, and
four have died during the present year. More than
half of the present college (31) arc Italians, 23 of whom
reside in the Curia at Rome; 7 are French, 4 Austrian-
Hungarian, 9 Spanish and 7 German; there is 1 Pole,
1 Portuguese, 1 Belgian, 1 North American, 1 Irish
man, 1 Australian and 1 Englishman. The oldest
Cardinal, Luigi di Canossa, Bishop of Verona, is in
his ninety-second year; the youngest, Giuseppe
Calasanzio Vioes y Tuto, is 44 years old.
It will be seen that although the Pope was an old
man when elected, and even then regarded as being
iu feeble health, he has survived most of the men who
took part in his election. He has now become, how
ever, very feeble indeed, and a report from Rome of
the 22d stated that the effort of making a
visit to St. Peter's so exhausted him that he fainted
twice. In the very nature of the human constitution
the venerable Pontiff cannot hope 'to live much
longer, and it is therefore the more likely that he may
take occasion at this consistory to show once more
the favor with which he regards the American branch
of the church. Thus, while nothing definite can be
known of the intentions of the Pope, the ready ac
ceptance given to the advices received at Washington
is not without good reason to justify it.
THE POPE AND THE CARDINALS.
After tbr Supreme Court has decided one branch
of the vexatious subject, its other features will be con
sidered, each in its time, and if the people conclude
we are to stay in the Philippines we will stay there as
the representatives of justice, and if to withdraw we
will do it with honor and a stainless and unbroken
prestige.
We commend this moderate and temperate state
ment to the extremists on both sides of the question,
while by no means admitting that the tariff issue is
all that is in the question of these acquisitions. The
Philadelphia platform was wisely inconclusive of the
matter. It left it tentative and open. The people
had not then made up their minds nor have they now.
They gave no attention to Mr. Bryan's "paramount
issue" because they wire not ready for it. They were
not ready to fix the destiny of the Philippines, and
simply refused to fix it the way Mr. Bryan proposed
at the risk of a domestic overturning that would have
been as 6erious as a revolution.
That others have been in accord with the adminis
tration, while holding our view of this issue, is
proved by the interview with Mr. George H. Ray,
chairman of the Judiciary Committee of the House.
He says that until the Supreme. Court decides the
Porto Rico case there will^be no tariff legislation for
the Philippines, and that if the court decides the Porto
Rican tariff unconstitutional "it may necessitate our
having to give up the Philippines. We are bound
to maintain the open door in the Philippines. That
means that the products of all nations can enter the
Philippines on the same basis as our own. If we
cannot raise a tariff against the products of the Phil
ippines coming into The United States, then our labor
would be brought into competition with the cheap
kbor of the Orient. If that condition should come
about, we might feel that our interests would demand
our withdrawal from the Philippines."
The Porto Rican tariff has been much discussed.
Its leading purpose was to get a tpeedy judicial deci
sion of the status of Porto Rico, and by parity
of position, that of the Philippines also.
The American system of protection has been urged
ar.d vindicated, largely in the justifiable fear of tropical
labor competition. We have insisted on the open
door in Asia, and if we have a door there we cannot
be justified in closing it. But if that door be
under our whole constitution, and must be kept open,
our entire protective tariff falls to the ground. If the
Philippines are part of the American Union, and are
an open door to the commerce of the world, it is
just the same as if we declared New York a free port
with no tariff restrictions.
The people have great common sense. They saw
things face to face, uid not through partisan eyes,
ncr with partisan pre;udice. We antagonized the
theory that the constitution follows the flag, in the
sense of being wholly installed and operative every
where that conquest or treaty may send the flag. As
**e lonp ?.po pointed cut, the serious issue involved
is the production of a surplus in the tropics for com
merce. Tropical possessions have no other value for
temperate zone owners than that surplus.
ALL of the contingencies that can arise in our
new tropical relations were foreseen and fore
told by The Call. While others w'ere taking
a rosy view of torrid acquisitions, we were not in
fluenced by the optimism or the pessimism of de
baters *ho chose to sre only cither extreme. We re
fused to join in attacks upon the administration for
taking the Philippines, for we were perfectly well
nwarc that those who made them would have as read
ily and venomously, und for partisan purposes, have
attacked the administration for not taking the Phil
ippines had it abstained in that particular. No critic
has yet selected any one step taken by President
McKinley, since the Spanish war began, and soberly
stated how a different course, and what course, could
have been taken at that time.
OUR TROPICAL RELATIONS.
SPOIL—B. N., City. The word spoil has
greatly changed in Its ordinary applica
tion. Originally it meant to deprive of or
to steal, and in that sense it is, still used
in warfare; the goods of an enemy which
are seized are called Vthe spoil of war "
The word is to be, found in Matthew xii
29.- "How. can one enter Into the house
of a strong man and spoil (1. e., steal) hu
goods?" It is now almost limited In mean
ing to damaging or rendering useless.
SILVER-H., City. To keep silver
bright without Injury wash it : every
day after, use In a pan of suds made of
good : white soap and warm water then
dry with old- soft linen cloths. 'Twice
a week after such washing give It a
thorough brightening with finely now
dered, whiting, mixed I to a thin paste with
alcohol, rubbing harder and longer wher
there are staina. Wipe off thewhitine
with a soft cloth when it has dried anS
polish with a chamois skin.
OLD STAMPS-L. >B. H.; • Stockton, ! Cal
Twelve-cent stamps In black, on wov©
paper with the letters U. 8. and the valua
"* 1*L 9 C ?F°^ y e i according j^tKia cata-
THE FRANCHISE-J. W..C, Palo Alto
Cal. The fact that you were born in the
United States, became twenty-one years
of age last September and have been a
resident- of the State of California since
last September would not entitle you to
vote at the November election, as no ono
can vote in this State who has not been
a resident of the State one year prior lo
election. - - ¦
j PASTURAGD-H., Bowman, Cal. If a
person has taken up a homestead, and be
fore obtaining title leases the same for
pasturage it will not Interfere with the
proving up, provided he has complied with
all the other conditions as to residence
etc. . A honlesteader may realize from
pasturage as well as from a crop of
wheat. _
THE PHILIPPINES— E. J. T., Oakland.
Cal. The Spanish never took the trouble
to ascertain the productive value of the
Philippine Islands and the United States
has not yet had time to secure that in
formation, consequently the value of the
islands at this time cannot be told.
ELECTRICAL BOOKS— Miss J. B..
Fiuitvale, Cal. Had you sent a self-ad
dressed and stamped envelope this de
partment would have mailed you a list of
dealers in "electrical books. The de
partment does not advertise any business
firm.
ISABEL MORRIS— <J. J.. City. Isabel
Morris, the actress, appeared at the Al
cazar Theater in San Francisco from April
26 to May 1, 1SSG. The obituary record of
prominent people since that year does not
contain the name of Isabel Morris.
GERMAN EMPIRE— A. M., Raymond.
Cal. The latest figures on the religious
statistics of the German empire are those
of 1890. These show 31,026,810 Protestants,
17,674,921 Roman Catholics. 145,540 Chris
tian Sectarians and 567.SS4 Jews.
IN COLORADO-J. F. B., City. A per
son entitled to vote in Colorado, as ex
plained in an answer to another corre
spondent in this department some time
ago, is entitled to vote for Presidential
electors and Congressmen.
STATES AND TERRITORIES— R. A.
K., Cltj'. There are forty-five States In
the Union at this time and the following
territories: Alaska, Arizona. District of
Columbia, Hawaiian Islands, Indian, New
Mexico and Oklahoma.
SPANISH-AMERICAN WAR— B. J. T..
Oakland, Cal. The War Department gave
out some time since that the number
killed, on the American side, from the be-
f inning of the Spanish-American war to
lay 24. 1899. was 6209.
A COUNT IN CRIBBAGE— J. G. IC,
Stockton, Cal. If in a gam© of cribbago
A plays a queen, B a trey, A a six, B an
ace, A a four. B a duce and A a live, A
is entitled to a run of six and to score
eight points.
STEAM SCHOONER FULTON-N.,
City. The steam schooner Fulton arrived
in this port from Astoria October 6, 1900,
and sailed again on the 10th for Portland.
Or., from which place she sailed Octo
ber 19.
A LETTER— A. A. M. t Stockton. Cal.
Neglect to deposit a sealed and stamped
envelope in the mail after It has been
Intrusted to one for that purpose is not an
offense punishable by law.
A WISE WOMAN- Subscriber, City.
Don Pedro de la Barca y Rlaon, Spanish
poet, 1G01-16S1. is credited with being the
author of "Soek in thy need the council
of a wise woman." .
IN CONGRESS— X. Y. Z., Marysvllle,
Cal. W. P. Frye of Maine is President
pro tem. of the Senate and D. B. Hender
son of Iowa is the Speaker of the House.
MELTING POINT— Q., City. Lead
melts at 620 degrees Fahrenheit and gold
at 2192, while sliver melts at 1S52 degrees
Fahrenheit.
COCKERILL—C. B. R., City. Colonel
John A. Cockerill, the Journalist, died In
Cairo, Egypt, April 10. 1896.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
tef «? f o- st , amp dGalers . worth, selling
price, $1 2o for uncanceled ones and &
cents for canceled ones. A flve-cent ex
?,^ S i St ?c m , I V lnternaI revenue, series id
sued In 186l-6a. unused, sells for 50 cents;
t£? o °= ,. lnland e 5 cna n*e issued at that
time sells, unused, for $2 50,
THE ELECTORAL VOTE-M. and B..
City. If a State has seven electoral votes
a " d one of tho Presidential candidates
should secure five electoral votes and the
other secure two the one having the ma
jority would carry the State.
MAIL TO NOME— A. M., City. Mall for
the frozen north. Including Nome, Daw
son City and other points, will be sent
north from San Francisco during the win
tor months when the rivers are closed by
e \, °£i y flr3t clas s matter— that Is. letter
mall— will be carried while tho riven ar©
closed. : — — - -
IN THE PHILIPPINES— A. E. R., City.
A company may organize In California for
the purpose of carrying on some legal en
terprise In the Philippine Islands, but it
would have to be carried on under the
laws of the islands, not those of Califor
nia, for the laws of California or of any
other State are in force only within ter
ritorial limits. But a company may in
corporate in California and do business
in another portion of United States terri
tory, as for instance, a railroad comparfy
may be Incorporated In another State, yet
do business in California, subject to the
laws of California.
BAN JOSE RAILROAD— S. P. D., Sac-
ramento, Cal. Timothy Dames was the
first president of the San Francisco and
San Jose Railroad. The company was In
corporated July 21, 1SG0. On October 19.
1563, the first train passed over the road
from the Mission Dolores (Sixteenth and
Valencia streets) to Big Tree Station on
San Francisquita Creek. On January 16
1564, the road was completed to San Jose.
Trains commenced running to that place
on that date. On February 14 the line
was extended to the corner of Brannan
and Fourth streets from the Mission. The
road was never operated from "the Junc
tion of Market and Fremont streets,"
for the reason that there is no such Junc
tion in San Francisco.
IN CASE OF A TIE— A. M. C, City. To
be elected President of the United States,
the successful candidate must have a ma
jority of the Electors chosen. When, no
person has no majority of the Electors
chosen, and that would be the case in the
event of a tie between two candidates
the constitution of the United States pro
vides what shall be done. Amendment
XII says: "And If no person have such
majority, then from the persons having
the highest numbers, not exceeding three
on the list of those voted for as Presi
dent, the House of Representatives shall
choose Immediately by ballot the Presi
dent. But in choosing the President the
vote shall be taken by States, the repre
sentation from each State having one
vote. A quorum for this purpose shall
consist of a member or members from
two-thirds of the States, and a majority
of all the States shall be necessary to a
choice."
COXEY'S ARMY-G. H. B.. City. When
Coxey's army reached "Washington, D. C
April 29, 1894, he had 3S6 men. These pa
raded to the Capitol grounds May 1. A
strict construction of the law of Congress
prohibiting unofficial processions or pa
rades In the Capitol buildings or grounds
wrecked Coxey's plans of a grand spec
tacular demonstration In presenting his
petition. Finding the usual approaches
guarded by the police, and persisting in
his purpose to speak from the Capitol
steps, he and two other leaders sousrht a
short cut. but his grand entrance came to
an igi-oble end, as he and the other two
were arrested for violating the law
against carrying a banner on the irround*
and trespassing on the grass. They were
each nned $20, with five days' Imprison^
mei }L ad^ d ; From that Ume °n the army
rapidly disintegrated and passed out of
existence. r.
COLUMBUS— X. Y. Z.. Marysvlll©, Cal.
C. K. Adams In Johnson's Universal
Cyclopedia, issue of 1SS7, • has the fol
lowing relative to the removal of the
bones of Columbus: "After temporary
burial at Valodolia and Seville, the re
mains of the great explorer were trans
ferred to the cathedral In San\DomlnKO
some time* before the year 1549. At a later
period the remains of other members of
the admiral's family found the same r*»<«t
ing place. In the year 1796 a vault in the
cathedral, supposed to contain the bones
of the discoverer, was opened and the
contents were removed with great cere
mony to Havana. In 1S71 and 1891, how
ever, evidence was discovered that th*
vault opened in 1796 was not that In which
were the remains of the admiral, but that
of one of the other members of the fam
ily. It may therefore be regarded **
established beyond doubt that the aihw
of the discoverer still rest in the-cltht
dral at San Domingo.", Another authority
eays: "The remains of Columbus wpri
carried in 1536 to San Domingo and in 17S«
transferred to the cathedra! of Havana
where they reposed until 1887. July 2
when they were taken from Havana to
Genoa on board of an Italian man-of-war
and mirleds with ceremonial pomp in his
nil * iv© city*
Bead James Whitcomb Biley's
Thanksgiving . poem in to-morrow's
.Call,-/ - #;«-:£*:
From Lord Rosebery's "Napoleon."
Europe buckled Itself to the unprc cedented task of paRRlnp and paralyz
ing an intelligence and a fore© that were too gigantic for the welfare anu se
curity of the world. T..at Is the strange, unique, hideous problem which
makes the records of St. Helena so profoundly painful and fascinating:.
_ • • • •
He fascinated MalUand, who took him to England, as h© had fascinated
Ussher, who had conducted him to Elba, Maitland caused Inquiries to be
made, after Napoleon had left the Bellerophon, as to the feelings of the crew.
and received as the result: ""Well, they may "abuse that man as much as
they please, but If the people of England knew . him. as, well as we do, they
would not touch a hair of his head," When h© left the Northumberland the
crew were much of the same opinion: "He is a fin© fellow, who does not de
serve his fate."
On the Emperor's coffln-plat© his followers desired to place the simple In
scription, "Napoleon," with the date and place of his birth and death. Sir
Hudson refused to sanction this unless "Bonaparte" were added. But the
Emperor's suite f.clt themselves unable to agree to the style which their mas
ter had declined to accept. So there was no name on tha coffin. It seems
incredible, but it Is true.
In France Napoleon used to be. known not as General, or Consul, or Em
peror, but as "The Man" (1'Homme). In his conversation he never forgets
his greatness, or allows others to forget It. "Had I died at Moscow, I should
have left behind me a reputation as a conqueror without & parallel In his
tory. A ball ought to have put an end to me there. • *. • To die at Bor
odino would have been to die like Alexander; to be killed at "Waterloo would
have been a good death; perhaps Dresden would have been better; but no
better at Waterloo."
THE CORSICAN IN EXILE.
r\ CCORDING to a report of a correspondent of
j\ the Pall Mall Gazette the citizens of Paris are
just now going through a spasm of indigna
tion over the wretched stuff sold to them for table
wine. * The outbreak was caused by a disclosure of a
glaring case of fraud in the wine trade of the city. It
appears a certain dealer had been offering a wine that
tasted about as well as vin ordinaire at a price much
lower than that charged by I his rivals in the trade.
An investigation of his stock was made by the author
ities and it was found to be stuff hardly fit to be called
wine even by the conventionality of trade.
The correspondent of the Gazette says: "The com
pound was made up of a very slight trace of sound
wine, of a mixture of wines that had gone bad and
were unfit for human consumption, of 40 per cent of
water — doubtless Seine water— and of chemicals of all
sorts, including potash, lime, barytes, and tartaric,
citric, phosphoric and sulphuric acids. Between two
and three hundred casks a day, of this stuff have been
sold regularly for a long time past. It is certain, too,
that this 'brewer' is only an exception in respect to
his prices. There are scores of other worthies who
sell an equally deleterious beverage, but charge rather
more for' it."
When that sort of stuff is "brewed" and sold for
wine inParis the American demand for French labels
on wine appears rao'e ridiculous than ever. Of course
not all French wine is of that character, but even the
best of it is not sufficiently superior to American wine
to make.it worth while for our dealers to imitate
French labels and names or for our people to pay
fancy prices for the imported article.
The New York Commercial. Journal in discussing
the subject recently said: "There is one merit claimed
for the American champagne which should find it
especial favor, as compared with the French. It
makes and carries its own honest flavor, which is the
result of the peculiar sort of grape used in the making;
whereas it is declared that the French champagne has
! no flavor until it is added through the medium of
other liqueurs at the end of the fermenting process.
In other words, the French flavor is made, the Ameri
can is born. If American users of champagne would
be careful not to confound the true champagne with
the imitation or carbonated sort they would discover
j that a very superior quality of champagne is made in
their native land." .
These discussions of the comparative merits of
American and French wines, it is to be noted, are
largely the outcome of the action of the authorities of
the Paris "Exposition in refusing to permit American
wines bearing French names to compete for prizes,
and as the discussion tends to increase the prestige of
cur home wines we have no reason to regret the ac
tion taken. It may, in fact, not be very long before
i unscrupulous French dealers may be caught trying to
get a market for their discredited wines by marking
them with Californian names.
BAD WINES IN PARIS.
SATURDAY NOVEMBER 24, iooo
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
» <¦._- _,-...-
Address A'l Communicationt to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAfiO'S OFFICE Tflfptoni! Prt«» 2M
PCDLJCATION OFFICE... Market and Third. 8. F.
Telephone Prr«« 201.
RDtTORIlL ROOM' 217 tn 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone I'reaa SOS.
Delivered »«r rarrlern. lf» Cent* Per Weelc
SlnsJe Coplea. S Cent*.
Term* br Mall. IneladlDK Ponfucfi
DAILY CALL fJ-icJudlTi* Sunday), on* year $J.fO
DAILY CALL <!nr!u<J!nit: Sunday). 6 months 1.00
DATLT CALL rirclu4!nir Sunday). S month« 1.60
r>AILT CALL— By Plnir!e Month CSc
FCKOAI CALL. One Tear 1.50
"WEEKLT CALL. Oat Tear 1.00
AH po«imn»lrr« are anthnrlaed to receive
subscript tons.
Sftrapte eop1«« win b« forwarded when requested.
Mail «rt*er"bejt !n orfl'Hnjt chanr# of »AAr*** nhonld t>«
particular to rtve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a. prompt «*id correct compliance with thrtr re<jue»t.
OAKLAXD OFFICE . . .1118 Broadway
C. CROIlGi: KROG\ESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building. Chicago.
<Lonr Di»tance T*lPi>hOTi«> "Central 2619.")
ICEW TCmK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAJU.TON Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTEPHETf B. SMITH 3O Trlhnne BaUdlng
NEW TORK NE..'8 STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. & Union Sqnare:
Ucrrar Hill Hot^L
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
EbernsM) Hou»*: P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
SYemont Hoow: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIKCTOf OK C> OFFICE. . . . 1 400 G St.. ». W.
MORTOS E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICE* — C27 Montroroery. eerrw of Clay, open
oatll »:X0 o'clock. *00 Harm, open ontll 9:*» o'clock. 63S
McAllister. op*n until »:I0 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
?:» o'clock. 1H1 MlMlon. open ontll 10 o'clock. *2«1 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open nrtll I o'clock. 1C9« Valencia, open
until I o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW. cor
rtfr Tw»ntr-»tx-r>n«3 anfl Kentucky, open nntil t o'clock.
Mir, "Wearing of the Green."
Hov yez heard the latest scandal that's being spread about?
'Tis horrible— 'tis fr-ri^htful — an' 'tis false beyond a doubt;
'Tis a cruel, grewsome story, an' by Orangemin 'twas brought — ;
They're foindin' sna-akes in Oireland — now what d'yez think o' thot!
Sure it moight hov been Ma-ark Hanna, or maybe 'twas a trust.
A-tryin'. to bate O'Bryan, which they had to do or bust;
Or it moight be Teddy Roochvelt— thira Raypublicans is h — 11—
They're foindin' sna-akes in Oireland — 'tis horrible to tell.
'Twill be tough on good Saint Patrick to hear. the loikes av this:
'Twill disturb. his ruminations as he roams the fields of bliss *
To butt up against the statemint that he's overlooked a bet —
That they're foindin' sna-akes in Oireland, an' there's two he didn't get.
So t* 'ell with those vile slanders an' the scum that hatched thim out.
May the divil take thim all before they know what they're about.
Saint Patrick has thim bated, the omadhnn galoots;
There are no sna-akes in Oireland — sure they- had thim in their boots t
• W. H. Pierce in Chicago Times-Herald.
BALTIMORE HERALI>-The intellijent
merchants and manufacturers of tho
South are already In the line of business
and national progress, and It is high time
for the body of the people to quit voting
blindly from fear of dangers that aro
wholly Imaginary.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT— At
the present moment the wealth of the
United States undoubtedly exceeds that
of the United Kingdom and France in
combination, and these two countries are
the second and third, respectively, in this
particular on the roll of the world's na
tions. " \-
SPRINGFIELD REPUBLICAN — Tha
relation between Presidential elections
and American nerves might repay scien
tific investigation. Americans have nerves
to an unusual decree, it Is said. May not
the fact be due in part to the growing
tension and suspense which attend tha
last weeks of our quadrennial political
contests?
CHARLESTON NEWS AND COURIER
— Twenty or even ten year3 kjto It would
have been regarded as an almost unpar
donable offense for a man in Georgia, for
instance, to vote the Republican ticket,
whatever the declarations of the Demo
cratic platform or the character of Its
candidates. It would have resulted in In-
Jury to his business and to personal in
sult. It is very different now.
NEW YORK MAIL AND EXPRESS—
The newspaper that respect* Its readers
will command their respect. It U taken,
to their homes aiul not left in the cars or
thrown into the streets, and It 13 perused
by the family In their leisure hours. All
I Its columns, and not merely Us headlines,
1 heated dispatches and hurried news para
graphs, get attention. It has influence
and it has value, and there are signs of
a wholesome growth In the popular pref
erence for that kind of a newspaper as a
standby.
NEW TORK EVEXIXO STJTN"—There
are certain late theater-goers in whosa
case there is no excuse. Everybody who
has tha theater habit knows by sight som»
of th£ mock celebrities, the notoriety
hunters, who are deliberately unpunctuai;
whosa belated progxess down the aisle ia
systematic. Like all pose, this is objec
tionable. These creatures are as much a
nuisance as those who talk at the top of
their voices in public restaurants and
streets cars, and make known their iden
tity for the sake of being- stared at.
NEW TORK TIMES-The calling of a
special session of tire Congress elected at
the same time with a President has be
come almost a fixed role of political pro
cedure. When a President, as Is Mr. Mc-
Klnley's good fortune, is not only chosen
to succeed himself but has had a Con
gress in sympathy with him during tha
fcecond half of his first term there cannot
commonly be any good reason for a spe
cial session of the new Congress. If it
becomes necessary to call a special session
for the 4th of the coming March the re
responsibility will bo upon the present
Senate.
BOSTON TRANSCRIPT-Our relations
with other nations have become more
practical than at any other time la our
: history. The attitude of our peopla
should reflect our status. We should
neither be nationally petulant under tho
censuro of foreign statesmen nor child
ishly pleased with their praise. We should
recognize that our actions are no longer
closely limited to our domestic concerns,
but Interest a world in which ther© are
many nations of many minds. We should
take the position and maintain the status
of a nation of adults In our attitude to
ward the opinion of foreign nations.
CHICAGO JOXJRXAL— We maintain no
vast standing army, but our military
prowess is respected universally. At a
month's notice we could swarm upon an
enemy as w<s did upon llttl* Spain and
overwhelm him. We have a superb and
increasing navy, manned by material
there 'a no beating. In commerce we are
world-famous. We feed with our plenty
the foreign rac?s abroad. We can lend
gold to impoverished governments. Our
manufactures are in universal use. Our
machinery clangs in Transvaal mines and
our iron bridges span brawling rivers in
the Soudan. We are courted for our re
sources, esteemed for our power.
PITTSBURO DISPATCH— The weak
ness of the British array was exposed dur
ing the early months of the conflict until
it learned to adopt Boer methods The
weakness of British statecraft is being
exhibited now through its inability to es
tablish such a government as it promised
and for which it pretended the war was
undertaken. But the worst stage has
not yet been reached, nor will it be until
the English Government attempts to ex
tract from the mine owners the cost of
the campaign. Many of them are foreign
ers who will appeal to their governments
against being burdened with extortions
far in excess of those imposed under Boer
rule.
HARTFOR'D COURANT- Thirty or
forty years ago writers and readers took
delight in the delicacies and beauties of
prose style. Lamb, Addison. De Quincey
and Hawthorne were admired, especially
by younp men. for sententiousness. ele
gance, vivid rhetoric or melodious ca
dence. The vigor and point of Macaulay
was imitated by young aspirants. This
tasto was not cultivated or stimulated by
professors of literature— the Idea of mak
ing any master of prose a subject of study
would have been deemed absurd— It was
a natural and widely disused sentiment
among all persons of any education. It
seems now to have disappeared in great
measure. And with it has cone the ca
pacity to write prcse except in a sensi
ble, unornamental, stra.ghtforward man
neF * «•
PERSONAL MENTION.
Sheriff T. M. Brown of Eureka Is at ths
Russ.
George E. Goodman Jr.. banker at Xapa,
is at the Palace.
Dr. C. L. Guild of Palo Alto is registered
at the Occidental. .~
T. B. Rickey, a Carson, Ner., mining
man, is at the Palace.
F. A. Hodapp, a merchant at Mar
tinez, is at the Grand.
E. D. Marshall, a large PhllaSelphla
merchant, is registered at the Palace.
E. F. Beck and wife of Bakersfleld hare
taken apartments at the Grand for a few
flays. •r'>i';; <; -'
J. R. Foster, proprietor of the Western
Hotel at Mary-mile, is registered at the
Russ.
M. Esternanx, the German Vice Consul
at Los Angeles, is stopping at the Occi
dental.
J. E. Bell ( of Everett, president of the
Bell Lumber Company, is at the Grand
with his wife and daughter.
F. E. Fl3k. representing the Chicago.
Milwaukee and Sc Paul road, in Los An
geles, is In the city for a few days.
• ? ¦
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
NO SNAKES IN IRELAND.
the treaty, but are eager for the canal. They will not
look with favor upon any faction in the Senate that
tries to use the one as a means to postpone the con
struction of the other. That much is well under
stood, and consequently the long desired beginning of
work appears about to be realized at last.
rROM that questionable authority, the New
York Journal, comes the statement that the ad
ministration proposes to take the Chinese port of
Amoy as our share in the partition of that empire.
To this is added the further questionable statement
that "the State Department to-day abandoned all dis
cussion of a mere port, and that a good slice of terri
tory is to be this country's share when the carving is
done is certain." The form of this statement stamps
it with improbability. It is probable that the fact
that the State Department has not discussed the ac
quisition of a port at all is put in the deceptive form
that it has abandoned such discussion for a wider
measure.
The Call's information is that the President is press
ing the other powers to reduce their forces in China,
and, as far as Germany is concerned, is waiting to let
that Government more fully reveal its purpose.
Meanwhile our Minister, Mr. Conger, who has
shown signs of infection with the German idea of re
venge and aggrandizement, has been instructed to
favor only such indemnity demand as China can com
ply with.
Our information is also to the effect that»the United
States feels the embarrassment of being represented in
China by Conger, who has a motive, personal in its
nature and vengeful in its character, which affects
him personally in his negotiations with that Govern
ment; but a change is deemed inexpedient as long as
our Minister will obey orders and represent the policy
of his Government, and not his personal animus.
In this view of the case the statement of the Jour
nal appears to have for its motive the further embar
rassment of our Government by making it appear to
the other powers that our policy does not reflect our
real motives. It is easily seen that the enlargement
of such a rumor is intended to destroy the confidence
of other nations in. our good faith, and make them
insist more stoutly than ever upon their policy of de
manding what China cannot grant, with the delib
erate purpose of taking the country itself in payment
of a mulct to which its resources cannot possibly re
spond.
Again, the embarrassment proposed by the Journal
has a domestic purpose, as well as foreign. It is in
tended to promote a public opinion at home that will
press territorial designs upon the administration. We
have already seen the Journal engaged in such busi
ness. It did its wprst to promote sentiment in favor
of taking the Philippines, and then belabored the ad
ministration for taking them.
At present there is no perceptible sentiment in this
country in favor of sharing China with Europe, or
extending our jurisdiction there at all.
The President has conducted the difficult matter so
far with admirable humanity and discretion, and Ins
done so in the midst of the greatest difficulties. The
people understand our policy to be the integrity of the
Chinese empire; the progressive withdrawal of for
eign military forces from its soil; the demand of an
indemnity which China can pay without undue oppres
sion of her people, and the maintenance ,of the open
door for commerce. Xo one has any authority for
saying that this reasonable and proper policy has
veiled any sinister purpose, or any intention to emerge
from it in the company of the blood and land seekers
of Europe.
The President's declared policy is popular. It was
one of the considerations which favorably affected the
country toward him in the late campaign. It was in
dorsed at the polls. ,
In recognition of its popularity it was assailed dur
ing the campaign. Using the vengeful criticisms of
some American missionaries as a pretext, the same
influence which controls the New York Journal as
sailed it as an abandonment of American interests,
and when the President bct?an reducing military
forces in China he was accused of "scuttling" out of
that country and leaving American affairs uncared for
and unprotected. To all this petty and obvious par
tisan misrepresentation the people gave no heed, and
there is no reason for believing that the same in
fluences can now induce them to change their attitude.
OUR CHINESE POLICY.
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, KOYEMBER 24, 1900.
Some of the seers of European politics have made
the suggestion that England may take the place of
Italy in the Triple Alliance. This ought to be evi
dence absolute that England intends to do nothing of
t>« kind, even if she had the chance.
6
AUCTION RAT.-pr
¦ By Wm. G. Urnir- Tuesday evening. Xovrat>er ST. at 7:45
o clock. Thoroughbred Yearlings, at 721 Howard street.
Peanut crisps. Townsend's. •
Splendid Cal. glace cherrlea.Towns«nd'8. #
Ex. strong hoarhounrt candy. Townsend's*
» • ¦ •
. Ice cream chocolates, Boston mints, ala-
cuma, Townsend's, 633 Market street- *
¦ ? ¦
Choice candles, Townsend's.Palace Hotel. •
¦ ? •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public m«n by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), S13 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
A notice which was recently posted la
a West Kensington (London> church In-
formed the public that five pews were fot
sale and that said pews were 1'specia.liy
desirable" because "the contribution plata
la not passed to them."
If Yoti'r© In a Hurry Take the "Over-
land Limited,"
Learlnjr Pan Francl.«co AxUy «t 19 «, m,. vt»
Central Pacific. Union Pacific «n.1 Chicago and
Northwestern railways, and arriving At Chicago
at J:M a. m. the third day. A *MM ventibuled
train of superb splendor, carrytn* Pullman
double drawing-room sleeper*, dlntnjr car and
buffet *moklnjr and library ear. San Franclnco
to Chicago without change. Only four days to
New York and Boston. If you want luxury
and comfort combined with opeed and safety
taka the "Overland Limited."
Are you prepared to itand the severity of win-
ter? DR. BIEOERT'3 Angostura Bitters build
up the syftem, vitalize the blood and prevent
disease. . .
Avoid baldneaa, Kray hair, dandruff and fMi)
locks by uslnc Parker's Hair Balsam.
i gtodercorns. the beat cnr» f QffPfa^
Alh*mbr*--"A Stranr«?r In New York."
CBl'.rorni* — Royal Marine Band of Italy.
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
OrarnJ Opera-hour^— "Fanst."
Alcnzar— "The Railroad cf Lare."
Columbia— "The Ameer."
TJvoll— '-A Jolly Musketeer.**
Olympla. corner M»»on and Eddy etreet*— Specialties.
Oiutes. Zoo and Theater— Vajid«*1lle every afternoon and
?A-er.'.r.*.
Fisrher**— Vaudeville.
R^reetion Park — Baseball.
Tanforan Park — Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.CAPTAIN F. A. NIPPERT, TO
BE COURT-MARTIALED FOR
MAKING FALSE RETURNS.
and that these were consolidated with
Company K, Captain Cunningham.
Captain Nippert stated during the In
vestigation that he did not have enough
men to make a showing, but as he did not
give his reasons for making the parade
report that he did, it was decided to pre
fer charges against him and give him an
opportunity to explain before the court
how he came to make his report as stated.
Cadets on the Diamond.
Every game In the baseball tournament
of the League of the Cross Cadets for 1900
counts in the pennant struggle.
On Sunday afternoon,- on the Presidio
athletic grounds,, the. leaders In the race
for first honors. Company D and Com
pany C, will play the first match, followed
by Company I and Company N.
Mary C. Hull, who > was asaulted and
severely beaten by Mary E. and Anne
Gaynard on August 8 last, was awarded
Judgment for J1500 damages against her
assailants by Judge Dunne yesterday.
The Gaynards made no defense to the ac
tion. :
They Ijost the I»egral Fight.
James "vThltcomb Biley has written
for The Call'a splendid Thanksgiving
poem. It will be published to-morrow.
Colonel Alex G.-Hawes is home again.
During recent travels & Mississippi, Ten
nessee and Georgia he revisited the battle
fields of Corinth, Shlloh, Lookout Moun
tain, Missionary Ridge and Chlckamauga.
Many of the memorable fields have been
reserved as national parks, and the Gov
ernment has expended large sums of
money ln fhe building of permanent roads
and the establishment of monuments to
mark the actual lines of battlefields. On
his homeward Journey Colonel Hawes at
tended the reunion of the Army of the
Tennesseee at Detroit, Michigan, and was
honored by election to the first vice pres
idency of the famous society.
Barbour T. Lathrop. Journalist and sa
vant who haa traveled the world around
and explored many places of the universe
away from the beaten path of globe-trav
eling, is in San Francisco again. He was
an active spirit of the Journalistic piWil
¦when Clay street was tne shrine of the
daily press, and when the perch of the
Owl was on Sacramento street. He will
linger to enjoy the music of Christmas
jinks in Bohemia. _
Frank Hatch of New York, who renders
annual homage to the Owl of Bohemia, 13
In town. v. ,¦ ~ . "
HOME AGAIN AFTER
THEIR LONG TRAVELS
Colonel Alex O. Hawes and Barbour
T. iLathrop Are in San Fran
cisco Once More.
Booked for Burglary.
John Wil3on. alias John Stetson, who
was arrested a few days ago by Detect
ives Dlnan and Wren, was booked at the
City Prison yesterday on a chargo of
burglary. When arrested he had a quan
tity of silverware ln his possession which
had been stolen from the residence of E.
D. Rammon. Berkeley, last Sunday night.
Pennsylvania State College.
Ther© Is but one fault tn "The Vicar of
Wakefleld." perhaps two; It is all too
short, and ln Its closing chapters the
story Is huddled up ln a way sadly Inar
tistic. The novelist's tender heart could
not endure to keep his creations long ln
misery. He must restore every one of
them to his former happiness, and so th«
closing chapters are a mere chaos of re
unions and happy restorations, some of
them far beyond the verjre of probability.
FRED LEWIS PATTEE.
Goldsmith's charming novel "The Vicar
of Wakefleld." is also full of true humor.
It Is a loving picture of simple rural Ufa
drawn with minute accuracy. It Is impos
sible to sample the rich vein of humor
which permeates every chapter. The sim
ple old vicar and his somewhat vain wlf«
are depicted with a sure hand: we feet
at tho end of the novel as it wa had
actually known them ln the flesh. Its sar
casm is so centle, Its irony so veiled, its
satlro so soft and delicate that we almost
forget that they are there. The good vicar
had chosen his wife "as she did her wed
ding rown. not for a fine flossy surface,
but for such qualities as would wear
well."
"The Citizen of the "World" Is a book
full of careful studies of English society
both high and low. Few things have)
escaped the keen eye of Its author, and
few follies and weaknesses but have been
made ludicrous by this true humorist.
thrown Into tha water. If aha swain, then sh*
was Instantly carried oft to be rurnt for a
witch: If she sank, then indeeed ihe vu ac
quitted of the charge, but drowned tn the ex
periment. In the same manner a crowd rather
round a dor suspected of madness and they
begin by teasing the deroted animal oa every
side. If he attempts to stand on the defensive
and bite, then ha Is unanimously found RUllty,
for "a mad dog- always snaps at everything";
If. on the contrary, he strives to escape by
running away, then he can expect no compas
sion, "for mad doss always run straight for
ward before them."
louses with that circumspection wh :h Is pru-
Sent ln such aa exsect a mad do£ at every
.urnlns.
Tha manner of knowing whether* a dog is
nad or not somewhat resemble* t&e ancient
European custom of trylns witched. Th« old
j-oman suspected was tied hand a:;i foot and
>resent actually rroanlna; Tinder the malignity
if \\.m Influence. The people sally : rom their
SAMUEL. JOHKSOX. LEXICOG
RAPHER A2CD WIT.
(From portrait by Reynolfi*.)
A. M. Burns, M. D.. will deliver an Illus
trated biblical lecture at the Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium, Mason
and Ellis streets, to-morrow afternoon at
3 ¦ o'clock. 1 v The Bubject ¦ of his ' discourse
will be "The -Foundations of the Uni
verse." The lecture will be illustrated by
stereoptlcon views. Service for men only.
All young men Invited.
Foundations of the Universe.
Weather Prophet McAdie gives out the
welcome tidings that there will be fair
weather to-day ; and probably to-morrow.
The second storm which was reported to
be bearing down on this vicinity has
taken another course and is now lost in
the wilds of British Columbia, The farm
ers can now enter upon their work with
greater xest, as they have had an abun
dance of rain. The Weather Bureau offi
cials report all safe and quiet throughout
the State. The rivers have not reached the
high- water mark and there is no danger
of them doing so.
Fair Weather Promised.
Thomas J. Welch, a well-known pioneer
architect of this city, created a commo
tion yesterday morning ln United States
Commissioner Heacock's courtroom by
falling to the floor In a faint. He was a
witness ln the case of Von Schrocder
against Brittain, and was explaining a
diagram hung on the wall, when he began
to sink to the floor. He was caught by
two of the attorneys and laid gently on
the floor. Mr. Welch was unconscious
and a physician from .the office of the
Marine Hospital was hastily summoned'
Mr. Welch recovered in about ten min
utes. He explained that for the past three
years he had been a sufferer with sciatic
rheumatism, and that while he was testi
fying a sudden and excruciating pain
caught him in the small of the back near
the spine, paralyzing him for the moment
and causing him to lose consciousness.
Was Giving Testimony as an Expert
and Sank Unconscious to the
Floor.
money, and when he received the coin
he boarded a car and started for town.
But one person saw him alive after that
time. Assistant District Engineer P.
Shaughnessy of the Fire Department says
that an Italian, accompanied by a little
boy, passed the house of engine 15 on
Market street, near Eleventh, during the
evening and complained of a pain in his
head. The latter said he had been thrown
from a street car and hurt.
After Bartolomeo's body waa discovered
yesterday morning Detective Ryan was
detailed to solve the mystery. As near
as he can learn Bartolomeo went into the
basement where he waa found before 10
o'clock Thursday evening. Two employes
of the Lick House heard heavy snoring
about that time, and one of them, Oscar
Jacobson. says that a man who Is be
lieved to have been the thief passed down
the stairway and remained there some
time.
Detective Tom Ryan by Conductor T. L.
Rheinhart of Kentucky street car No.
943 is as follows:
"The Italian rode from town on my car
and after we passed Twenty-second street
at a high rate of epeed he rose from hia
seat and jumped off backward. He lost
his footing and rolled over several times.
We stopped the car, finding that the man
was unconscious, and waited until he had
been carried Into a fruit jstore across tho
street. I did not know tpe extent of his
injuries at the time." ¦;
The Italian intended tQ visit the Ken
tucky Hotel at 1322 Kentucky street. This
is between Twenty-second and Twenty
third, and he tried to alight directly in
front of the door. After being thrown
from the car Bartolomeo soon regained
consciousness. He bled from the ears,
but no further serious results were an
ticipated from his fall. He met Daniel
Bortola, the man who owed him the
His ready wit is proverbial His Im
promptu epitaph upon Goldsmith, Is
known by heart everywhere:
Hera lies Nolly Goldamith, for shortness called
Noll. t
Who wrote like an angel, but talked Uk* poor
Poll*
At another time he neatly summed np
the plays of Dr. John Hill in an Im
promptu stanza:
For physle and farce*
Thy equal there scare* is.
Thy farces are physic.
Thy physio a farce 1»."
Two other actors shine among the wits
of the day— Colman and Poote. Of these
the latter was undoubtedly the leading
comic wit of the period. Even Dr. John-
Bon was not proof against his sallies:
"The flrtt tlma I was ln company with
Foote." declares the doctor, "was at Fltzher
bert's. Havlnff no Rood opinion of the fellow
I was resolved not to be pleased ; and It la
very difficult to please a man acalnst his win.
I went on eating my dinner pretty sullenly
affecting not to mind him. But the doe wai
so very comical that I was obliged to lay down
my knife and fork, throw myself back upon mr
chair, and fairly laugh It out. No, sir, h» was
irreilntlble."
On another occasion Johnson rammed
up Foote by saying: "For loud, obstrejv-
Garrick played around with him a fond vi
vacity, taking hold of the breasts of his coat
and looking- up ln hi* face with a lively arch
ness, complimented him on the good health
which he seemed then to enJoy; while the aa*e
shaking his head, beheld him with a gentle
complacency."
.We get a glimpse now and then of the
great Gibbon, "with hiariisual sneer," of
Sheridan and Colman, with their efferves
cent spirits, and. Indeed, of all the lead-
Ing figures of that most fertile age. But,
above all these, ruling the club with an
iron h»nd. towers the figure of the great
literary dictator. Dr. Johnson. He was
always the center of every jonverpation,
and always the leader. All voices ceased
when he begun to speak. "A German
who sat next to him (Goldsmith) and per
ceived Johnson rolling himself as If he
was about to speak suddenly 3topped him.
eaying: 'Stay, stay! Toctor Shonson Is
going to say something." Thi3 feeling
wns univeisal. thnuarh perhaps Goldsmith
was at times a little jealous. Xo opinion
could stand above th*» great dictator's.
"There is no arguing with Johnson," de
clared his friend. Dr. Taylor, "for he will
not hear you, and. having the louder
vo'ce, mutt wear ycu down.
All were wits in that company. Burke
Is not often thought of as a humorist, yet
his bon . mots • ars numerous and often
brilliant. Many have been recorded by
Boswell. The great orator once declared
of Lord Thurlow tftat "he was a sturdy
oak at Westminster and a willow at St.
James." Some one once observed that
th«* party calling themselves: democrats
was not holding together. "Ah," said
Btirke, "birds of prty are not gregarious."
His retort when Mayor Scott, a small
man, interrupted him during his great
speech against Warren Hastings Is well
known. "Am I," he thundered, "to be
teased by the barking of this Jackal while
I am attacking the royal ttger of Ben
gal?" • *
In marked contrast with the dignified
and ponderous Johnson stood tho viva
cious and voluble little actor, Garrick, "a
short punch man, very lively and bust
line," as the old sexton at Stratford once
described him. His activity and exuberant
spirits made dullness impossible. Note
the picture drawn by Boswell. Johnson
has just entered tho room:.
Johnson's hatred of Scotland crops out
constantly in Boswell's biography. After
the tour in the Hebrides lioawell hoped
that his friend would have a better opin
ion of the country.
"You have now been in Scotland, sir,
and say if you did not see meat ar.d
drink enough there." "Why. yes, sir,"
answers Johnson, "enough to give the
inhabitants sufficient strength to run
away from home. • • • It Is a very vile
country, to be sure." "Well, sir, God
made it." "Certainly Jle did; but we must
always remember that He made it for
Scotsmen, and — comparisons are odlous^ —
but God made heil." ,
In February, 17«, "was founded, to
use the words of Boswell, "that club
which existed long without a name, but
at Mr. Garrick's funeral became distin
guished by the title of the Literary
Club. Sir Joshua Reynolds had the
merit of being the first proposer of it, to
which Johnson acceded, and the original
members were Sir Joshua Reynolds, Dr.
Johnson, Mr. Edmund Burke, Dr. Nu
gent, Mr. Beauclerk. Mr. Langton. Dr.
Goldsmith, Mr. Cramier and Sir John
Hawkins. They met at the Turk's Head
in Gerrard street, Soho, one evening every
week at 7 o'clock and generally continued
their conversation unti) a pretty late
hour. This club has \>fin gradually in
creased to its present", number—thirty
live." J
This club was the cent*-? of English wit,
and, indeed, of English* literature, until
the nearlng storm of thj French revolu
tion put an end to tHe pejlod. The week
ly or fortnightly meetir.^3 of this most
gifted group of men at ine Turk's Head,
at Prince's, in SackvilCe street, at Le
Teher's. at Parsloe's and' at the old Che
shire Cheese were repetitions of those
merry nights at the Mermaid Inn. where
Shakespeare and Ben Jonson held their
wit combats, or the morn sober meetings
at Will's coffee-house, where Dryden so
long ruled supreme. Here, however,
there was a recording pen. All these
merry evenings, with their wit and wis
dom, their touches of genius, their quips
and sallies, live for us in the pages of
Bcswell. Xo other body of English wits
and men of genius is known to us so Inti
mately as this.
To read the pages of this garrulous old
biographer is like stepping into the very
presence of the great Jbhnson and his
companions. We laugh ' and joke with
them, we see them off their guard, we lis
ten to their opinions of mon and books, we
hear them rallying each other on per
sonal peculiarities and we get to know
them as if we had actually sat night
after night In their presence. We see the
great commoner. Burke, with "his knowl
edge, his genius, his diffusion and afflu
ence of conversation," with his dignity
laid aside, scattering wisdom and witti
cisms and unfailing- good nature; we catch
charming glimpses of David Garrick.
sprightly and effervescent, a fountain of
fun and good spirits; we hear Goldsmith
"rattling away, as usual." a vain, droll,
grotesque little figure, the life and de
light of the whole party: we see much of
deaf old Sir Joshua Reynolds, the painter.
When they talked of thtlr Raphaels, Oarreg
gios ar.d stuff.
He shifted his trumpet and only took snuff.
"He repeated to us," writes Boa well, "ln his
forcible melodious manner, the concluding line*
of "The, Dunciad.' While he was taiklnc loudly
in pralae of tbese lines one or tbe company
ventured to say: Too tine lor euch a poem— a
pcera on whatr Johnson, with a disdainful
look: 'Why it was worth while being a dunce
then. Ah. sir, hadst thou lived tn those days'.
It 13 not worth while being- a dunc» now. when
there are no wits.' "
There was little of genuine humor ln
Johnson's composition; he lacked Intuition
and sympathy, but. he had an enormous
fund of caustic wit. "Johnson's dex
terity in retort." says Boswell, "when he
seemed to be driven to an extremity by
his adversary, was very remarkable,"
and It was the testimony of Garrick that
"Rabelais and all other wits are noth
ing compared with. him. You may be
diverted by them; but Johnson gives you
a forcible hug and shakes laughter out
of you whether you will or no." No one
could get the better of him ln the way of
retort. "There la no arguing with. John
son," declared Goldsmith, "for when his
pistol misses fire he knocks you down
with the butt end of it." His wit was un
feeling and brutal. Some one once liken
ed his wit to excellent oil. "Yea." was
the response, "oil of vitriol- A few sam
ples will Illustrate his idea of wit:
The eighteenth century, from the time
when It was opened by the brilliant wit
and satire of Dryden and his school,
through its middle years, made glorious
by the creation of the periodical and the
novel of manners, those most useful of all
literary forms for the study of human so
ciety and its foibles, until its close, was
an era of marvelous fertility In all the
forms of wit and humor. Its early years
were dominated by thd fastidious Pope;
its iater years were ruled by rugged Sam
uel Johnson.
erotjs. broad-faced mirth, I know not his
equal."
But with all Its abundance of wits and
men of grenius the Literary Club bad but
tne true humori3t. The grotesque llttl»
octor who came to the meetings ot the
club ln bloom-colored coat, who In tho
word3 of Boswell. "to divert th» tedious
minutes strutted about bragginsr of hi3
dress," and who, whenever he tried to
lead the conversation was frowned down
by the great dictator, was after all th«
one man of tho period who possessed all
tho elements which go to make up genuine
humor. Oliver Goldsmith was a critic as
well as a poet. He had the somewhat
rare power of detaching himself from his
subject and viewing It from a neutral
standpoint. In his "Citizen of tho "World"
he criticized English society from tha
point of view of a Chinese traveler who
writes letters home to his countrymen.
Always he seems to be looking down upon
human life from an outside vantags
ground, and yet ho writes as one who
knows human society intimately from
cloi«a contact with It. Few follies and
weaknesses escape him. In his "Cltiaen
of the World" he touches nearly ©very
foible and folly ln the society of his day,
and there Is no mistaking hfs condemna
tion of them: yet he Is never severe, newer
cruel and bitter. Beneath his scarlet coat
and gorgeous ruffles, for which his tailor
was never to receive payment, there beat
one of the kindest hearts In all th»
worH. "His ridicule." says Mlnto, "Is
always on the side of pood sense and rood
feeling, and he handles even his embodi
ments of folly and weakness, tenderly, as
if he loved them,' as If at least be had a
lurking toleration for them, and Becretly
recognized their claim to exist ln their
own way as varieties of multiform
humanity."
The Chinese traveler describes an Eng
lish dinner. He has come prepared for a
feast of reason and a flow o* erxhllaratlnr
conversation. Increasing In Interest ana
good nature as the dinner progressed, but
he Is disappointed. No sooner were th»
dishes upon the table than all reason fled.
The conversation now b««sn to b« llttl» more
than a rhapsody of exclamations. Aa «ach ha4
pretty well satlsfl«d his own appetlt* Im now
found mifflcient tlma to press others. "Excil
lent! The very thing-! Let ma recommend th»
pig: do but taste the bacon; never ate a better
thirty la my life! Exquisite! Delicious'" This
edifying discourse* continued tiroura thr««
courses, which lasted as many hours. tUI everr
one of the company was unable to swallow or
utter anything more.
He discusses the English "epidemic ter
ror," which breaks out every season—
now over a comet, now over a mad dor,
now over something else.
A dread of mad doss Is the epidemic terror
which now prevails, and the whola nation U at
SAMUEL JOHNSON AND THE LITERARY CLUB.
Copyright, 1000, b y Seymour Eaton.
HUJnOR OF ENGLISH AND AMERICAN LITERATURE
| - --.- -".:-> ' , . ¦ .'¦-¦:¦.-•.•
Gilmondo Bartolomeo Dies as Result of Injury
Received and Ghouls Rob the Corpse.
alLMONDO BARTOLOMEO, a
miner, after laboring in the
northern counties of California
for ten years, came to San
Francisco two days ago en route
to Italy, where he was to join his wife
and daughter after a long separation. He
was to have departed yesterday morning,
but while the train on which he had ar
ranged to make the journey was steam
ing toward the East, his body lay in the
Morgue and detectives searched the city
for evidence that WQuld explain the man
ner of his sudden death. The money
which was to have paid the expenses of
the trip had been stolen from him, and
by ghouls, as far as the police have been
able to ascertain.
Shortly after 7 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing Bartolomeo's body was found at the
foot of a flight of stairs leading down to
the basement entrance to the Woman's
Exchange on Ver Mehr street, off Kearny,
between Sutter and Post. The man's
skull had been fractured and blood flowed
from his ears. His pockets had been
rifled and everything of value, except one
nickel watch, taken from him.
The body was discovered by Mrs. Heas,
employed in the Woman's Exhange, and
she at once notified Policemen George
Douglass and Patrick Curry. Noting evi
dences of a foul crime, to which robbery
had been added, the officers called the
Morgue officials and the detectives.
For a time the case appeared mysteri
ous. Orlando Stefani, a cousin of the de
ceased, made a statement that Bartolo
meo had been robbed of a watch and
about $70 In coin. The position of the
body when found clearly proved that a
fall down the stairs had not produced
death, and the only reasonable surmise
that could be made was that the unfor
tunate Italian's life had been destroyed
by. thugs who had stained their hands in
blood for petty treasure.
Later Detective Ryan discovered that
Bartolomeo had received injuries by fall
ing from a car ln the Potrero on the
previous afternoon and that a fractured
skull had probably been the result. That
robbery had been commflted, and most
likely upon the cold and lifeless body,
has now been clearly proven. The thieves
may have used violence, but the police
think their victim ¦was either dying or
dead before they came upon him.
Bartolomeo came from Guerneville to
San Francisco two days ago. He had
spent ten years mining ln the State and
was about to make a trip to Italy. He
secured a room in a lodging-house at 412
Broadway, and then forwarded what
money he could spare to Italy. G. Grorgl,
a fellow-laborer, was to accompany him
on the trip, and Thursday afternoon the
two arranged for their tickets. They paid
the money, but were not to have received
the transportation until 7 o'clock yester
day morning. ' Thursday Bartolomeo
spent with his cousin, Stefani, and other
friends.
In the evening he went to the Potrero
for the purpose of collecting a small bill
that was due him, ami while stepping
from a moving stre«t-car received the in
juries which probably caused his death.
The report made by Autopsy Surgeon T.
XV. B. Leland shows that beneath the
fracture at the base of the skull consid
erable blood had coagulated on the brain.
In the physician's opinion, the fracture
Itself, although extensive, would not pro
duce death immediately, but after several
hours the clot of blood, bearing on the
brain matter, would l.rinjr unconscious
ness and later fatal results.
Tbe account of the .-incident as given to
Officer Is Accused of Having Made False Returns as to a
Parade of His Command.
CAPTAIN NIPPERT OF COMPANY F, FIRST
REGIMENT, TO BE COURT-MARTIALED
CAPTAIN FIRMAN A. NIPPERT,
commanding Company F, First
Regiment, National Guard of
California, will appear on the
10th of next month ln the Page
street armory for trial before a court
martial to answer to a charge of having
made a false return as to his compan/
in connection with the parade on the 10th
of September, Admission day. The fol
lowing have been named by Briga-
General Warfleld, . Second Brigade, as
the court: Lieutenant Colonel J. P.
Hayes, Fifth Infantry; Major John H.
Hendy, engineer officer, Second Brigade;
Captain Charles Jansen, Troop A, cav
alry; Captain George H. "Wethern, Fifth
Infantry; Captain E. G. Hunt. Fifth In
fantry; Captain H. T. Bennett, Fifth In
fantry; Captain E. A. Selfrldge, Signal
Corps; Captain D. A. Smith, Fifth Infan
try, Judge advocate.
The facts upon which the charges are
based are very simple, but they may in
volve the captain in very serious conse
quence. Orders were issued for the First
Infantry to parade on Admission day, and
there was a parade, but It was stated
that only eleven of the twelve companies
were in the regiment. It was ascertained
that Company F, Captain Nippert. was
the missing one. When the parade re
ports were returned It appeared that
Company F had paraded with forty-two
men and two officers. The matter was
turned over to Major James A. Margo
for investigation and from the report pre
sented It appeared that Company F (for
ty-two men and two officers) "was only a
paper parade and that instead of having
that number of men to help swell the
ranks of the regiment. Captain Nippert
had only about a dozen men at roll call
PROFESSORS WILL TALK
ON MUNICIPAL SUBJECTS
Merchants' Association Annual Din
ner Promises to Be an Event
in Local Circles.
The annual dinner of the. Merchants'
Association, to be held at the Palace Ho
tel on the 5th of next month, promises to
be a notable event ln the annals of tho
city. So many acceptances have already
be«?n received that the attendance will un
doubtedly be very large. The subject for
discussion is one of great importance to
the municipality. The question of mu
nicipal ownership and operation of public
utilities must soon be decided by the citi
zens of San Francisco, and the Mer
chants' Association is desirous of securing
the benefit of the ripe Judgment and ob
servation of the best authorities upon
this question.
Professor K. C. Babcock of the Univer
sity of California, Colonel Henry Wein
stock. a prominent merchant of Califor
nia; Professor E. A. Ross, a well-known
authority upon governmental affairs, and
Frank J. Symmes, prominently known as
a student upon municipal questions, will
speak at this banquet. Both sides of thi
question will be discussed and the speak
ers will present arguments ln favor as
well as in opposition of municipal owner
ship and operation of public utilities.
President Dohrmann will give a brief re
view of municipal affairs ln connection
with the work of the association during
the past year.
FINDING OF AN ITALIAN'S BODY
CAUSES SUSPICION OF MURDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1900.
THE DEAD ITALIAN MINF.R AND THE POSITION IN WHICH THE
BODT LAY WHEN IT "WAS DISCOVERED BY THE POLICE YES
TERDAY MORNING.
7
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
ARCHITECT WEI.CH
FAINTS IN OOTJBT
Pears'
Its least virtue is that:
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort; the
clean are comfortable.
Pears' soap cleanliness —
is perfect cleanliness.
AH sorts of people vse It, an sons of store* .
¦ell It, especially d ru joists.
CAFE HAL fUl
Taltaea ciedtaC txtm
For, a Cold, in the Head.
Laxative Brcmo-Quinlne Tablets. •
PATTOSZEN'S.
tCfin f n n the Best Heater in the
CALIFORNIA,
o* delivered to
W any address,
j£s&L city or coun-
ir— -— —^git^ returned at
?Tir.ljrjrj&STT our expense
h ;i!i!ii!38* i ;Sl if it is not
jgjJMggiEL aJl you ex-
v': l!|l| i; il .y a agn= Pect it to be.
Stefll Send No
u.'pj i '- Money.
g^^gggj^l Try It for 3
less burner.
PATTOSIEN'S
FURNITURE EXPOSITION* BUILDIXG.
Cor. Sixteenth and Mission Streats.
i Bs^HEG93i23^Fa€«0fcifc£.* «^'a ¦ . I^SIf *i3to&£nEUu\
¦sMQfiilfBinnfti'i'ii \ MsifWiF^M
g^kJ^T £*^JrJ S.r^'J. Ia* \ y # j • i - . V ? liy
PILES CURED
We will pay S25 to any one who cannot ba
cured with one box of VERUS PILE CURE.
Price K.
Over 5000 cures. No claimant for reward.
"I am sure my case cf piles waa aa bad as
any cai=e could be. I had them fifteen years
and tried all sorts of remedies. I saw ths
Verus Pile Cure advertised, bought a box. with
little hope of a cure. Imagine my surprise
when live applications cured me. it is the
best la th« world. J. MORRISON,
"Salt Lake City. Utah."
VERUS PILE CURE CO., Be 226. Wilson Uloci
Or Ellington Dru«; Co., Agents, Loa Angeles,
Cal.
| '?
| After-Theater Refreshments.
i ,
The completeness of the arranreraencs
made fcr your entertainment Jn the Sup- j ]
per Hocri can be estimated when It Is '
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are In
evidence here. Delightful music, prompt
eerrlce. moderate charges. Open every
evening (Sundays excepted) from 9:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from tbe court and
main offl< e.
Palacci Hotel Supper Room.
GBj CMCHEtTER'S ENGLISH
finmrn^i pills
•» CHHJHESTEK'S ENOWU
KL^ t <£& ;a . KCI> M(t UoU " >tu:ilc 0°"' •"'•*
JcK j^WVjitsfciMribboa. Takes* other. Hefuto
I / , fTT-***"*- ¦¦/ »! J°« DntgitL. or i»B4 *«. im
I "*" *Z ;••»!» P« tar Partlealarm. Tntlmonlili
— *V _^-.Ar !t»r» Mali. 1 O.OtMt r«tlnonl«ii. 6»14k?
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tbe Core of Gonorrhoea, Gleets.
Strictures and analogous complaints
of the OrCnns of Generation.
Price SI a bottle. For sale by dnigrrists.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. J « :
tC3 California sL. Clunle building.
COAL. COKE A\D PIO IRON.
I f VII R f 0 *°° Street.
J- W fflLJlM tt VU-. Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
C W CMITH Ship Plumbing-. Steamboat and
W» TT- J.'lllll. ship Work a specialty. 1« and
It Washington st. Telephone Main W4L
ELECTRlCAU
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Ene^neer. 86 Cast st.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RflYFSfcfft Shipping Butchers. IM
JA3- DUlLJttW- Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OALVANIZINO AND METALS,
M'ffr. A Dealer In Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
T1KS METAL WORKS. 315 Howard st.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Paclflo
Metal Works, 137-f First st.. San Frandsoo.
OILS.
LTTBniCATrNG OILS. LEONARD St ELLI8.
418 Front st.. a F. Phone Main 1719.
PAINTS.
Cylinder St Lobrteatln* Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candles. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 8. F.
PRINTINO.
F f mifiHF's PRINTER.
I* Kr I1UUUC Jt Ell Sansome st.. 8. F.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
J tl First st.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Ttl c%ff lc PARTRIDGE w %iSg Bte
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, m h £ e blac3
DIAMOND COAL. MININO CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal ln the
market. Office and Yards— i50 Main street.
AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALLT
Oakland
Sacramento
TO-DAY AT 3 T*. M.
SUN DA Y AT 2:3O T*.M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
CIQrHtTR'Q CONCERT, HOUSE.
rldl>nr<n a Admi««ion io ; .
dire Van and Frank Tully: Irene Franklyn;
Otthama, the Jap; Harry H. > Walton; Helen
Btnart and Claire Fex.
RESERVED BBATB 25c MATCHED SUNDAY.
A3HJSEBTENTS.
MOROCCO'S GRAND OPERA-BODSL
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
THIS AFTERNOON "aH. "LOHENGRIN."
GadrVl anfl 6Aomian-He!nk: Vajj Dyck.
PiypfcajTi. Dtifrlerie and Blass. 'Conductor. Mr.
¦Walter Parr.roFcb.
THIS EVENING at 8, "FAUST."
Kelba. Bauermelster and Homer; Ealeza,
C3Tnpsx.«rl. Vivianl and Ed- <Se Reszke. Con-
ductor, eip. Mancinelll.
T»-=orr»w Kight it 8-24 Grind Peptltr Klfkt.
•TA-NNHAVSEIL"
Eusar. Strc up Olitzka. MarjIU. ZMppel. Muhl-
TT.er.r.. Bars. Hubbenet, Gll!b«rt, Vivianl aad
Karcor..
Orche5trt M: Dresi Circle. XI 60; Family
C:rr>, it: Ga'.iMT. Jl. General Admission. Jl.
ro'E^c-r weBK,
DER RNQ DES NIBELUNQEN,
OWapoer).
Mrnilav et g:30. "DAS RHEIXGOLD"- Susan
EWt Maryi:i. Bchrtl. Olitxka and Schumann-
Urtrk: Pyck. Blspham. Muhlmann. B!a*s.
Joorsrt. Dufneh*. Bart, Hubbenet.
7\:w<:ay at 7:<5. "DIE WaLkC^re"-
Oedsk!. Schumann-H#tnk. Seheft. Olitzka,
MarrlM. Eeml. Bauermetrter, Van Cauteren.
rrldewell and Nordlca; Van Dyck Blafs and
I3:*phem.
Wrfnr.tSay. at 7:«. -EIEGFRIEiy-Scho.
jr.ann-He'ck. Pcheff and Noniica: Dipp*l. Bl»p-
r.RTn. 3Ias». Hubbenet and Ed. de Reszke.
(0-i<2u;-tor for all "RING" Performances.
Mr. Walter Damrosch.)
Ttanuiar. November 29. at 8:1S (by refluent),
• LA BOHEME-'-Mclba. ScheSf. SaierT Glli-
r--rt. Joumet. Du'rtche. Masiero and dercpa-
: art. Conductor. Si*-. Manetnelll.
Friday, at ::SV-"GOTTERDAEMMERL'SO"
-D!pr*l. Muhlmann and Ed de Re«ke; Susan
strong, Schumann-Heir.*. SehefT. Bridewell ar.d
Nordica. Conductor. Mr. Walter Pamrosch.
Price*. $2 to $7. Branch ticket office, Em-
j>orluni-
WEBER PIANO USED.
y - —
MATTXEE TO-DAT (BAT.). NOT. 14.
Parquet, 25e. anr neat: balcony. 10c; ch'.l- i
drcn. 10c. any part except reserved.
A NEW COMPANY OF UP-TO-
DATE VAUDEVILLE STARS.
MAX WALDON, STELLING AND ]
EEVELLE, CONDITT AND I
MOREY, BHOTHEES MARTINE, j
IOWE MACLOUTH,
AKNA BOTD, MR. ar.d MRP. DAN T HIATT.
DOLAN AND LENHABE, W. J.
HYNES.
AIF ITLLIXGHOfSE Prop, and Manager
1'IIONE SOUTH 779
Matinee Tc-Day— To-Night
I*AST TIME?,
HOTT-S— FINK AXD DAXDT
"A STRANGER II NEW YORK."
Headed by the MKX3T FISTERS and EAM
MARION',
Aral a Company ft Comedians That An Funny,
With Girls That Are Pretty and Who
Can Dance and Kin*.
Evening— 15c. :>. Sic. iOc and 75c. Matinee—
IZc. Zlc. 35c and &0c.
To-norro» i Sunday) Aft«moon — HERR- !
MANN, the Great. arromr > *mii»d by tne Musi- ¦
ra\ Wonflers. the &— NOSSES-5. NEVER BE- '
FORE AT OCR POPU1.AR PRICES.
I
(^^•^^^W ? 3 1 /H puji •• it nest
MATINEE~~TO-DAY.
To-Nigrht and Sunday -Last Times.
FRANK DANIELS
Ar.d Hi* Fplendld Cirrr.riany. ln
VICTOR HERBERT'S LATEST SUCCESS
"THE A/V\EER."
KKXT MONDAT EVENTnO
FRANK L PERLET Will Present
...ALICE NIELSEN...
In "TUB SINGING GIRL/' :
By VICTOR Hr.RP.ERT. HARRY B. 83UTH
an* STAX1PLAVS STANCE.
SI^ATS NOW ON SALE.
¦ f
THE PASSASPnNFRAFSA. IS ATJL. RIGHT!'.
TWICE TO-DAY— AT 2 AND 8.
THE GREATEST SUCCESS EVER KXOWX!
The Superb Comic Opera,
"A JOLLY MUSKETEER"
First Production In This City.
TTi-men ar!<i Compowd by Stance & Edwards
RIG DOUBLE company:
POWERFUL, CHORCB'
MANT OLD FAVORITES and NEW FACES!
"A JOLLT MUSKETEER"
ALL. NEXT \VEEK!
POPULAR PRICES 2Se and BOc
Telephone Bush ».
TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT!
LAST TWO TERFOMANCES OF
ROYAL MARINE BAND OF ITALY.
LAITIES' MATINKE TO-DAT!
SPECIAL PROGRAMME.
REQUEST XIGIIT— TO-NIGHT!
Send tn Tear Requests to the Box-office.
Commnidat TO-MORROW (Sumiay) AFTER-
NOON— The Acme of All Minstrel
J. H. HAVEELY'S MASTODON MINSTRELS
Headed by GEORGE f\Valt*-Me-Acaln)
"WILfiON.
The Recomiz«i Minstrel Kin* of the. TJnlrerwe.
Nr>r*-!thEtan<V.r.g the Stupendous Company
ar.4 the Extraordinary Hlrh-Class Perform-
ance, the Usual Popular Prices will prevail.
Matinee To-Day & Sunday.
LAST TWO NIGHTS
Of AujTMrtln Daly's Cbarmlsg; Comedy,
THE RAILROAD
OF LOVE...
Next ¦Week— AugTirtln Daly** Bright Com-
«-dy. "Sevcn-Twenty-E3ght."
CHUTES^nd ZOO
EVEBT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT:
Monster Cakewalk!
...o^^isrisronsr...
IN P06ES PLABTIQUES
— AND—
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
Telephone for Seata. Park g.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
XnlUal meetla* Monday. Nov. li. to Saturday,
t>ec. 1. Xnclaelve. Blx or more races each w«k
£ay. Fix etake events, one hurdle race and
two steeplechaeea first two weeks. First race
of the day at 2:10 p. m. Trains ieara Tfclrd
end Townsend etreeu fcr Tanforaa Park at 7.
i 19 «0. 11:30 a. xn.. I. l:S0 and 2 p. m.. followed
fc efler the last race, at Intervals or a. few mln-
i:te«, by several specials. Hear cars re* tr^c
Jor ladlee and their eacort*. Admission t9 t%e
coursa, Ir.cludlrr railroad fare, $1.2!.
, D. LYNCH PRINGLE. Secretary.
FJ.LPH H. TOZER, Racing Secretary*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SOMETHING TO BE
THANKFUL FOR
On Thanksgiving day besides a g-ood din-
ner and plenty of "cheer" is an exquisite-
ly laundered shirt, collar and cuffs that
has that fine domestic finish and immacu-
late color that the United States Laundry
putB on it at all times. Your linen always
gives perfect satisfaction when it is done
up by our Improved methods.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts if
you order It. No saw-edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone- South 42O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
•^%>^'^'%.'S»> «»¦'•> *«>^,^,-%,
A visit OR, JORDAN'S qrcat
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
\ >^«T Tha Lar»a«t Anatomical MuMumfa tbe
M jrrJhj. _ World. WcaknecMs or any contracted
X. W§SW <lit«"e»*«lU»rlyc«r»Bb y thool<lett
i ill?! OR. JORDAM-PRIYATE DISEASES
\ FfljKrdB Con«ultntloo ttrfi and strirtiv prime.
M a YjwH Trt itment personally "t by letter. A
\ 8 V Tk W t-M.nt* Curt In eterjr cas« undertaken
Ar/7 I Jp w ntt for book. PniLOSO**slV««
W ¦ II H BfAIlBIAGK. MAILED FKHB. «A
A A it'-' tillable took for mrn) -
7 DB. JOHDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.lF.
l*^flBs^M BT BI * P *¦ • non-polaonota
4jA4B^^ a Vs«B B £Jg remedy for Gonorrhoea,
llF.t>%£Ll Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
aH7igl widaji.vl Whites, unnatnral dij-
_¦» Osarutced B charges, or any tnfla<nm*«
ni not to iirietar*. tlon, irritation or ulcera-
P>— ¦"EfrtTttu eematioc tion of mncoun mem-
lT?S»mEvAK8CHEMie»1.Co. bran"- Kon-astringsnt.
WAoiNcniN*Ti.o.JBa| SoI<I by Dro *« 1 »*-.
vGH^ n 5.1 ZS8Hl 0T ** Dt ln Pl*'° wrapper,
v .^^^^/ l^fm ** cxprexi. prepaid, for
vlBM^l l )0 °. or s bottles, fi.73.MISS SUZANNE ADAMS. THE PRIMA DONNA, WHO MADE HER
FIRST APPEARANCE IN SAN FRANCISCO LAST NIGHT IN "LE3
HUGUENOTS" AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
An eminent programme there is for to
day's entertainment. * "Lohengrin" this
afternoon with the same cast as last
week, with tne exception of Gadski a.«
Elsa, and "Faust" to-night, also with the
sam* cast, except for the substitution of
De Re^zke as the Mephisto in place of
Plancon.
M. Flon conducted last evening and the
orchestra and chorus did admirable work
under his direction. There are many
beautiful opportunities for the chorus In
"The Huguenots." The "Consecration of
the Swords" was a magnificent choral ef
fort. The whole splendid edifice of sound
builded upon the tuba's deep, broad Im
pulse below, the fine ecclesiastical manner
and air of it, the religious rhythm and
movement were heard with extraordinary
richness and dignity. The finale of tho
second act and the Huguenot-Catholic
chorus gave also much pleasure by their
rendering, and taken altogether, "The
Huguenots" may be counted In as one of
the most successful performances of the
season.
reserves to give to the climaxes, nor an
equal depth of feeling, but Ii fell so little
short— I am thinking of the big last scene
— that one almost prayed for the little
height unreached.
Seoul was a slashing «-onte dl Nevera.
He was in excellent voice, full of spirit,
life and fire, and scored a *»ne triumph in
this role so often scamped or indiuerently
rendered. Plancon — yes, and there i are
still others — was a superb Conto
dl San BriB. He was a fine old
Rembrandt grandee as to get-ui>,
and his imperious personality makes
him the center of every picture of which
he finds himself a part. He sang and
played the role with all the emphasis and
loruly dignity required and was a beauti
ful study in blacks to look upon.
It was a notable opportunity last night
to compare the two big bassos of the com
pany, for de Reszke sang the Marcel part.
Here's richness! Remembering his Lepo
rello of the other evening. It was almost
amurlng to hear De Rebzke masquerading
as the puritanical Huguenot soldier, but
his work was, of course, beyond criticism.
Still, I think there is a large leaning
toward comedy in De Iteszke, and, by the
way, his should be a magnificent Mephiato
to-night — another interesting comparison
with nis friendly rival, Plancon. The rest
of the cast, Bauermeister and Van Cau
teren. Bars, Hubbenet, Vlviani, Dufricha
and Maselro were all well heard.
James Whitcomb Riley has -written
for The Call a splendid Thanksgiving
poem. It will be published to-morrow.
TACOMA, Nov. 23.— Nels P. Peterson of Llt
tle Falls, Minn., while temporarily Insane, shot
and killed himself to-night. Peterson and his
family wer« to have started for Minnesota to
morrow. " ,
The Yale Alumni of 'California will rive
their annual dinner In the Maple Room of
the Palace Hotel this evening. Professor
E. B. Clapp will • preside. Tdasts will be
responded to by Eugene V. Baker, Profes
sor Thomas R. Baconr Dr. ', Manahan and
Dr. W; H. Murphy.
Yale Alumni Banquet.
"William A- Marshall's Estate.
The Inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late William A. Marshall
•was filed yesterday. Decedent's estate Is
valued at H8.172 73. ' S.J.'
There was an enjoyable entertainment
held in Sunshine Hall on Harrison street
last evening for. the benefit of a Thanks
giving 1 dinner to bei given . the Sunshine
Kindergarten. The programme included
music by 'Mrs. J. Taylor, W, Glfford
Smith. Gladys Wilson, Pearl Jenkins. Mrs
Seager, Dr. G. G. Gibson.May G. Ferrel
and the Misses Wright. There were also
recitations by Gladys Wilson and Herbert
J. Jenkins. : ... . .
Por. Sunshine - Kindergarten.
The young people of Mr. Mercer's class
In the Sunday-school of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church, at Webster and
Paee streets. Rev. E. H. Avery, pastor,
gave an entertainment In tbe church last
evening, under the title of a birthday so
cial. Everybody and his aunts connected
with the church and Sunday-school were
there. A miscellaneous programme,
abounding in good things, was provided,
In which song and recitations took a lead
ing part. Mrs. Thayer sang a solo, Mrs.
Dean recited, Mr. Hathorn and Mrs.
Thayer Bans; a duet. Miss Purdy, C. E>.
N'orthrop and Mrs. Culver also eans solos.
The church was well filled and the enter
tainment moved off very pleasantly.
Church Has Birthday Social.
. An entertainment for the benefit of the
Galveston sufferers was i given at Hamil
ton Square Baptist Church last night by
Sensim Circle, composed of young ladles
of the church. An interesting programme
consisting of vocal solos, guitar and man
dolin duet, -whistling solo and Instrumen
tal numbers was nartlclpated in by Miss
Alice Pullen,. MisSes Marks, Nichols and
Cook. Misses Lincoln and Blackaller, Misb
Gertrude •" Judd, Mrs. E. , Abramson, Dr.
Maude Noble and Dr.; Paul Noble. Mrs.
Jarley's Waxworks, a pleasant skit,*con
cluded the entertainment
G-alveston Fund Entertainment.
Patrick F. Dugan, "who conducts a ea.
loon at 1312 Market street, had a narrow
escape from death yesterday morning.
Dugac resides •with his family at 172 Van
N«s avenue, and on his return to his
home at 5 o'clock j'esterday morning he
retired to his bed. At 10 o'clock the smell
of escaping gas attracted the attention of
the members of bis household. An Investi
gation disclosed the fact that the gas Jet
in Dugan's room was open, while Dugan
lay in an unconscious condition. Dr. Ed
ward Lagan, who resides next door, at
101 Van JCess avenue, was called in to at
tend to him. He succeeded In saving his
life after several hours of hard work.
Jjett the Gas Jet Open.
Standing room was at ! a premium < In
Golden Gate Hall last night at the bazaar
in aid of the Church of the Advent. Mrs.
William Thatcher Marvin had charge of
the entertainment. John A. Hammer
smith, in his odd characteristic sketches,
was more than a success. Little Mlsg
May Murphy, in her dance of the High
land Fling, performed her part so well
that a kilted Highlander would not dare
enter into competition with her. Mr. Adel
stein rendered some choice music on
the mandolin, while Mr. Brown sang a
solo that brought an encore. The clever
est performance of the evening was by
Professor Joe' Warren, a prestidigitator.
Miss Lupi Prado brought the house down
at the conclusion of her Spanish, dance.
Messrs. Kewen and Green presented their
.marionettes. Mrs. S. M. • Mansfield, who
had general supervision of the entire en
tertainment, ..was most active in, seeing
that every person was made to' feel at
home. The doll booth, under the charge
of, Mrs. Colonel F. M. Coxe, was as fairy
like as It -was possible. There was an en
tire absence of "buttonholing"' by the
young ladies and all were made to feel at
liberty to purchase as, they saw fit.
Church of the Advent Bazaar.
In accordance with their decision to set
A defiance the Injunction of Judge Heb
bard,, restraining the Civil Service Com
mission from holding examinations tor
positions in the so-called county offices,
ti-at board announced yesterday that , the
examination for experienced clerks In tho
Assessor's office will be held on December
12 1900, at 8 p.-m., in the Girls' High
School. Applications for this examination
will be received up to 5 p. m. December 1.
The scope of the examination will be as
follows:
General knowledge of dutlss....... 4
Arithmetic >
lietter writing. Including penmanship ». t
Spelling throughout examination 1
Clerical experience 1
Total weight .'. ....—.......10
Other examinations, in accordance with
the original schedule of the commission,
will be held In the following order:
Class— Department.
Register and assistant register
clerks .'. .....County Clerk
Courtroom clerks ..County Clerk
Deputies Assessor
Bailiffs Sheriff
Eeputies' Recorder
Deputies Coroner
Jailers and guards Sheriff
Deputies Sheriff
COMMISSION READY TO
DEFY COURT'S ORDER
Cfivil Service Examinations for Posi
tions in So-Called County 01
. fices Announced.
The fish pond booth, in charge of Mrs.
nobert Atto. is a favorite attraction. Airs.
C. Speigel's flower booth Is also an at
tractive feature, and her fine display of
rare blooms draws many visitors. The
candy booth is under the supervision of
Mrs. C. Wueherer. The general manage
ment of the bazaar is in the hands of Mrs.
O. F. Oche, assisted by Mrs. W. Graniger,
Mrs. H. Krasky and Mrs. C. Stockmeler.
The bazaar which is being held by the
Ladles' Aid Society of the Emanuel
Evangelical Church entered upon its sec
ond successful day yesterday. From 2
o'clock, when tbe doors opened, to the
hour of closing visitors thronged the For
esters' Hall at 102 OTarrell street and
liberally patronized the booths heaped
high with pretty and useful articles.
•During the afternoon Master Arthur
Merrifleld gave a piano recital of popular
ant classical airs. In the evening the fol
lowing programme was rendered:
Piano duet. "Sourle" (Bach), Josephine and
Clara Clark; recitation, "The Housewives,"
Mlis McDonald's class In elocution; recitation,
MIm McDonald: tong, "Coming Through the
Rye," Alice Jensen, accompanied by Amy Ochs,
Beatrice Clark. Florence Lane and Mary Lane:
recitation, "Golnc With a Handsome Man,
Katie Krone: recitation. "The Ferries," Miss
McDonald" s claes; »ong, "Oh, Won't Tou Tell
Me," Amy Ochs and Walter Oranlcher; reci
tation. Miss McDonald.
Ladies' Bazaar in Emanuel
Evangelical Church Is
Successful.
WORTHY CHARITY
NELL PATRONIZED
• Captain Shields and his . men eay that
they have no complaint to make of their
treatment during captivity. Maximo Abad
was the insurgent in command and in re
sponse to Captain Shields', request allowed
some of his men to secure medicines anl
dressings for the wounded soldiers.
MANILA, Nov. 23.— Dorotion Karragdag,
an Insurgent lieutenant colonel, and Man
uelo Lazara. . who, it is said, was General
Torres' quartermaster, have been arrested
in Balacan province. Karragdag had pre
viously been arrested and, paroled. ,
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— Mall advices
from Manila give In considerable detail
the story of the rescue of Captain Shields
and fifty men of the Twenty-ninth Infan
try after their capture by the insurgent'
in Marinduque.
The fifty men in question were pursuing
a party of Insurgents of superior force
into the mountains, when they were am
bushed in a box canyon by a force of 250
riflemen and 1800 bolomen. . They made a
continuous light for eight hours, killing:
a large number of the Insurgents, and
were overpowered only after they had
fired their last shot and practically. were
smothered In a hand-to-hand flght
with their 2000 adversaries. Sergeants
Williams and McCarthy, who were in
charge of some of the wounded, come in
for particular praise. They were cut off
from tho rest of the party during the re
treat and Intrenched themselves on the
hillside, where they stood off their assail
ants for about three hours, surrendering
after every cartridge had been exhausted.
Scarcely a man in the expedition es
caped being grazed or slightly wounded
during the right. The total number killed
was five. Captain Shields was wounded
'early in the fight, but continued. to direct
the operations of the rear guard during
four miles of retreat. He. finally was
knocked out by a bullet thrdugh the Jaw.
neck and shoulder, which was thought at
the time to be a fatal wound. The rescue
of -the party was effected by General
Hare.
Detailed Story of Capture
and Rescue of the
Partv
SHIELDS' MEN
FOUGHT NOBLY
There was a large attendance last even-
Ing at Metropolitan Temple at the concert
given in aid of the teachers' annuity
fund. The etage was beautifully deco
rated with flowers and the organ was hid
den behind banks of ferns. The hit of
the evening was a soprano eolo by Mist
M&ud Fay. Ebe was In splendid voice and
carried off the laurels of the evening. The
illesee Pasmore rendered an instru
mental trio that was well received. The
programme was as follows:
Quartet, (a) .."Hark! Hark! the Oclflen-
ThroatKj Lark." (t>) "Here"* a Health" (Pas
more), Kl«« Beulah Georre. MIb» Obermuller
Mies Ar.r.» Moore, Mlat Adelaide Bircbler; con
tralto eolo. "Spring Serenade" (Holme*), MIm
Marl* Bmlth, accompanied by Mlsa Molllt
Pratt: trio, "Petite Suite" fPatinore). Mary
Pasmore (violin). Dorothy Pumore CceJlo),
Susan Pa*rnor» Oalanc): tenor solo, "Tbtf Tou
Foreet" (Tlpton), J. F. Veeco; contralto solo,
"161* Words" (Stephen Adanu), Mlas Xcna
Hotxrt*, accompanied by Mla» Bertha Roberts;
roprano sole. "Ocean, Thou Mlg-htr Monster.''
Oberon fWeW), Mls» Grace D&vts. accompa
nied toy Dr. H. J. Btewart; harp solo, "Elepy"
(Obertbuer), Mm. Alexandra Breitschuck Mar
quardt: noprano solo, "Th« Eprlng Has Come"
(White). Mrs. Eurie Hen-Mark; contralto eolo
selected. Miss Adelaide Blrchler. accompanied
by Ii B. Pasmore: soprano solo, selected. Mis*
Maud Fay: baaso solo. "Suafset" -(Dudley
Buck). Walton Webb; «oprano »olo. "Dores"
<NevlM) Mifs Beulah Oorge. accompanied br
violin, 'cello and piano: Hungarian duet
/Brahms). Mrs. Caroline Roper von Bunion,
Mies Maud F*r: barp solo. "Mazurka de Con
cert" (ShuecSter), Mrs. Alexandra Breitschuck
M&njuanit: duet. "A Night la Venice" (Lu
cantonl), Mies Grace Davis. J. F. 'Veaco, ac
companied by Franklin Palmer.
MATED FAY MAKES A HIT
AT TEACHERS' CONCERT
Large Crowd Attends Entertainment
at Metropolitan Temple in Aid
of Annuity Fund.
Held in the Office of Mayor
Phelan.
General Francis V. Green was given an
informal reception in the Mayor's office
yesterday morning. His secretary, W. S.
Sewell, accompanied him, and the recep
tion took the form of an informal discus
sion on the general's experiences. He was
greeted by the Commissioners- of the
Board of Public Works, Supervisor Cur
tis, Auditor Wells, Treasurer Brooks and
Dr. Simpson of.San Jose. • •
General Green explained that he was
here to look over the oil situation In
Santa Barbara County as the head of the
Trinidad Asphalt Company. He gave
tho city officials some valuable hints re
garding the best pavements which he had
observed in large Eastern cities. He also
spoke of the commercial possibilities in
the Philippines.
CITY OFFICIALS MEET
GENERAL F. V. GREEN
Informal Reception in His Honor Is
fication yesterday that the third anunal
convention of the League of California
Municipalities will be held at Pioneer
Hall, in this city, on pecember 12, 13 and
14 1900. H. A. Mason, secretary of the
league, states that there will be pres
ent a hundred city oflfcials from the va
rious municipalties of the State, and the
city of San Francisco being a member of
thlB association all of its municipal offi
cers are entitled to participate in the
proceedings. The official programme com
prises addresses by Governor Gage, May
or Phelan and others, reports of various
committees, and the discussion of sub
jects appertaining to municipal welfare.
During the convention the roll of cities
will be called and a representative from
each will be asked to respond to the
question, "What has your city 'done
during the past year?"
Tnlrd Annual Convention of League
of California Municipalities
"Will Be Held Here.
The Board of Supervisors received noti-
WELL DISCUSS SUBJECTS
OF MUNICIPAL INTEBEST
Mr. Schwartz was 48 years of age. and
resided with his wife and two daughters,
at 1712 Clay street. He was born in
Bangor. Maine, but at an early age went
to Weston, Mass., graduating from the
schools of that city, and the Boston
School of Oratory. He taught for seven
years in the Cook County Normal School
of Chicago, became interested in manual
training and art and spent a year in the
schools of Germany and Sweden, perfect
ing himself in these branches.
Mrs. Qulncy Adams Shaw, daugbter of
Professor Agassiz, induced the School
Board of Boston to Introduce the system
In several of the public schools and Mr.
Schwartz was placed in charge. From
there he went to Waltham, Mass.. where
he taught for seven years, his school ob
taining the highest awards wherever his
work was exhibited. From "Waltham he
was called to this city, arrlv-ng here two
years ago. The remains will be taken
East to-night and will be Interred at Wes
ton, Mass.
Everett Schwartz, for two years past
principal of the Wllmerdlns School of In
dustrial Arts, died suddenly Thursday
afternoon from the rupture of an artery
In the brain.
Everett Schwartz, Principal
of Wilmerding School,
Dies Hire.
DEATH OF WELL
KNOWN EDUCATOR
Senator W. A. Clark of Montana, ac
companied by> his son, J. Ross Clark, ar
rived in this city last evening from Salt
Lake City, where they had been since
Tuesday perfecting the of
the new Salt Lake and Los Angeles Rail
road Company. The Senator attended the
grand opera last evening and to-day he
will go to Los Angeles on matters pertain
ing to the new road.
Senator Clark is enthusiastic over the
prospects of an early realization of his
new railroad scheme. "We have com
pleted organization and are now prepar
ing for some hard, telling work," he said
at the hotel last evening. "There isn't a
great deal to say outside of what has al
ready been published. We are deter
mined to rush the construction of the
road as rapidly as possible, and will call
for proposals for our equipment immedi
ately. We have not yet ordered any ma
terial, but expect to shortly.
"The surveying has been completed as
far as San Bernardino, and the road be
tween there and Los Angeles will be built
first. The entire road, when completed,
will be 1100 miles long and will absorb the
Los Angeles Terminal, wh ] c J} rt J » fiS? u S
fifty miles long. Upward of $10,000,000 of
the $25,000,000 capital stock . has already
been paid in." .
Senator Clark said he could not tell
when the new line would be in operation.
It is the Intention, however, to push the
work as soon as the contract Is awarded.
It is probable the work will be carried on
from each end of the proposed line, as
this plan will permit of a much larger
force being employed.
Senator Clark of Montana
Stops Over to Attend
Grand Opera.
BIG RAILROAD
PROMOTER RERE
And as to the men. Even those who
had admired most heartily Mr. Dippel's
work from what has been seen of it be
fore last night were hardly prepared for
the power and worth of his Raoul dl
Nangis. Not that the tenor scaled equal
heights with Nordlca, he has not the laM.
Suzane Adams made her first appear
ance here last night, of course as Mar
gherita di Valois, and created a most
favorable impression. She is a queenly
damsel, this girl, has a flexible, penetrat
ing, even brilliant soprano, and a gen
erous temperament. With years and ex
perience, as she gains authority and re
pose, added to her already considerable
distinction, one may safely prophesy very
large things for Miss Adams. She showed
a little not unbecoming nervousness to be
gin with, but it soon wore off and left her
free to use her fine voice to the best ad
vantage. Her coloratura work Is particu
larly good.
Rosa Olitzka sang the attractive page
role and did herself proud in the part,
her rich, liquid note finding a grateful
opportunity in the pretty and effective
muFic.
It was Nordica's night last night. Her
Valentlna was acted and sung with a
power that carried everything before it.
i-assionate, pathetic, dignified, tender
womanly, she was in the role, and the
audience held Its breath to her last note
at her pleading with Raoul to save him
self. Her voice was at its sweetest, and
rang out royally in the ensembles and
climaxes. It is a picture and a song that
will last as long as memory shall last,
full of genius, truth and inspiration.
till a quarter of twelve o'clock
did the final curtain ring down, but boats,
trains, cars and the difference in the
morning were all forgotten in the wonder
ful last act, given with a genius of in
spiration that has not been surpassed by
anything yet done during the season.
E GORGEOUS east, a glorious
performance and a delighted
house of Joyful proportions is
the tale of last evening's
opera. "The Huguenots." at
the Grand Opera-house. Not
By Blanche Partington.
The final arrangements are made for the
entertainment and social of Holy Cross
Church, to take place next Monday at
Golden Gate Hall. The committee has
worked diligently to make it an event of
especial note and a success in every par
ticular. Following Is the programme:
Overture, First California Regiment Orches- 1
tra: soprano solo, selected, Mrs. J. R. Kent
xell: violin eolo, Hugo Pohelm; magic art, J.
Warren Keane; barytone solo, selected, Harry
Wood Brown. Musical trio— Violin, MIbb
Mayme Conlln: 'cello, Thomas J. Macauley;
piano, Harry Wood Brown. Tenor «olo* ee
lectsd. William J. O'Brien; recitation, Thomas
Hlckey: barytone solo, selected, Oscar 8.
Frank ; specialties, Lloyd Spencer.
Tickets are 50 cents. They can be ob
tained at 1818 Eddy street; the Monitor
office. Flood Building:; Nolan Bros.' shoe
store, 812 Market street; J. J. Gildea, 756
Market street, and Gallagher Bros.. 18
McAllister street. The performance will
commence at 8 p. m. sharp.
FINE ENTERTAINMENT
OF HOLY CROSS CHOT&CH
Programme for Monday Evening In
cludes Host of Very Pleasing
Features.
FOR OBSERVANCE
OF LINCOLN DAY
Monument League Decides to
Inaugurate National
Movement.
The Executive Committee of th« Lin
coln Monument League decided at a meet
ing; last night In the Phelan building to
Inaugurate a movement for the national
observance of Lincoln day of the coming
year. A committee was appointed to carry
out the league's purpose, as embodied in
the following resolution, which was unan
imously adopted:
Resolved. That ths Lincoln Mounment
League at once Inaugurate a movement look
ing to a grand national observance of Lincoln
day In the coming year, and that the educa
tional authorities of the several States and
Territories and the Grand Army posts and
other patriotic organl2atlons of the country be
requested to take Immediate steps for the pur
pose of making Lincoln day. 1901. a notable
event in onr national history and one. worthy
of tho memory of the great emancipator.
The committee appointed consists of the
following-: Charles Edelman. Judg« M.
Cooney. Henry E. Highton. W. E. Estes.
Robert Graham. W". T. Howe. Thomas
Barnstead. Jacob H. Xeff and T. J. Kirk.
The members of the committee present
discussed at some length the monument
project and it was decided to urge the
local committees to renewed effort In the
raising of funds for that purpose.
H. D. I^ove'.and. Julius Kahn. Claus Spreck
els. S. M. Shortrltlge, Horace Davis F. W.
Dohrcr.ann. Colonel George Stone. H. G. Meyer'
Thomas K. Banncrmaa, Moses Greenebaum!
I>ou!s J. Ha&E. J&xaea Moffltt, R*.m ffussiran
B. J. Hendy. J. Eteppacher, R. H. Bennett Jr..
K. Ver Mehr, M. Brandecateln. Edward Ever
ett. VT. XV. Montayue. W. R. Wheeler, P F
Dundon. W. G. Dodd. A. H. Vail, P. J. Kelle
h<r. William Ma-tson. Andrew Carrigan A A
Watkins. E. K. Lillenthal. J. B. Stetson L.'
A. Schwab*cher. Thoman Kirkpa trick. II il*r
nemR.n. I... Elku?. Leopold Klau, Albert M
Bender. A. C. Rulofson. C. S. Laumeister. A.
G. Towne. J. S. Webster. J. R. Doyle, John
I^ackmann, C. II. .Schmidt. Daniel Roth. A. S
Tubts, J. K. "WilBon. S. F*euchtwanper. Grove
Ayers. J. M. Platt. Herman Enkle, J. P. Cur
rier, T. C. Coojran, Albert Castle, Chris Froe
lich. Rabbi Voorsanger, Philip Lillenthal
Judse J. C. B. Hebbard.
Horace Davis responded to the toast.
"What a Congressman Ought to Do," and
Rabbi Voorsanger to "What a Congress
man Ousrht Not to Do." Mr. Watkins
oiosed the programme by reading a
Dooley letter written for the occasion.
Following is a list of those present:
Julius Kahn represents what nearly every
man here represents— tie relf-made man. In
deed, we have with ub here the beet example
of the ee'.f-made man that California has ever
presented to the nation; one whom California
almost reveres. When he is rone— God rrant
tfcet he may be spared to tia long— a monument
will be erected to him. I refer to the bene
factor of California, Mr. Claus Spreckels/
<Great applause.)
Congressman Kahn was ti.en Intro- i
duc«.-d. He spoke in part as follows:
I do not know hew to thank you and to I
fr.ar.k the people of San Fr?.ncl-co. * But so far j
ap It Ues In my i>ower to jrive rccomix-nse. I |
phail try to <5o my «3u{y by my city ar.<i my j
I trant to hav* a little h^art-to-h<»art I
i.-.!k ¦with you. because you represent the busl- |
r<- s ir.tcr»*ts of San Frar.ci^co. In Congress !
trexy rcereib*>r Is anxious to s«-rve his own con
ftituents. To rao^t of them California is a.
terra, incopcita. It occurs to me that tt would
be a good thir.ir for the bUKineF? men of S«n
Francisco to latse »n t-ntertainment fund, and
at i-ach pension of Oongress to Invite eight or
tr-n members to \i?it the coast a.* your quests.
They would l*>come acquainted with the needs j
and poxsibilities of California, and afterward
when you want friends at court you will hove
them. And you should not confine your inv1
tiitions to the Republican party. Bring the
Eterlir.K Democrats In Congress out as well.
So far £S the California delegation Is con
cerned. I tm pure that no effort will be upared
to brinK advantages to San Francle~o and
Caiifornla. We are a unit on that point.
The new member of Cor.^ressi will be sadly
<!ifappcinti»d if he ex^^ts to fet the world on
tin-. He must wait and Irarn. The old mem
bers (-icrc'.M the i>ower. They are the chalr
men anJ ranking members of the Important
committee:. Seventy member? of the la« Con
gress have dropped out. In ten years but thir
ty Congressmen are loft, on the average. What
power one of those thirty Congressmen may
esert: (Voice. "You'll b« there") (Applause.)
I must depend upon the people of California
to set me right a* to their needs, if any la
tOCBta are discriminated acair.it I must d»
p^r.d upon you to Inform me of it. My eerv-
Ires win always }>e at the dioixntal of the peo
ple of San FYanclsco and of California,
Samuel M. Shortndge was the next
speaker. H« said:
San Frandtro slt» here by th« Golden Gate,
and It Fhail become the New Tork of th» Pa
cific Coast. There never yet was a rreat city
planted by the sea that did not look out upon
the ocean for It* wealth. The Pacific will be
the American ocean, plowed by American
ships. Pan Francisco stands at the ratewey of
the Paclflo, which roils and einsa Us music at
our feet.
•"As tho Am^ricai: people responded t<»
that toast on ejection day.'-' Mr. \Vatkii:s
ftild. "r.n sywakcr has l>een a?8igned to it.
"U> will r^poad to it by singing 'Amer
ica.' "
The bar.quet began at 6 o'clock. Coffee
and cigars were r.ot reached until i*
o'clock, at which hour the ppe-aJiing be
gan.
H. P. I>ovoland opened the speechmak- j
ir.g. He said:
While I do not fefl that I was born *r*at.
nor achirvrMi pr»>atri«ss, nor yet have had (
ll'iiist ujh>:« m<», ti-n!pbl 1 am bo- .
tw«n the gr«»at. On the one hand I havt ]
yojthful arsb!:ioti mid ability, and oa the j
o;hw tli* «rrratn*-ss or rip^ old a?:e; the great i
in all that —?¦*•«¦ v;> the greatness o? San
Krar.ripco ar:<i Calif-rc-r.ia. (Applause.)
After a. brief addrenj?. Mr. I/ivc!and in- j
troduc^d A. A. Watkins as toastmaster.
lir. Watkin? spoke briefly :uid announced
the first ro&si to \>a "President William !
MrXinloy."
The Business Men's Julius ICaim Club
pave a complimentary banquet to Con
gressman Kahn last night in the maple
room of the Palace Hotel on the eve of
his departure for Washington. Sixty of
the leading- business men of the city,
representing the greatest commercial in
terests of the State, were present.
H. D. Ix>ve!and, president of the club,
presided at the head of the banquet table.
At his right sat the guest of honor, Julius
Kahn, and at his loft Claus Spreckcls. *
Horace Davis. R. M. Shorlrldge and Judge j
Hfbbard sat to the Jpft of Mr. Spreckels, j
while Rabbi Voorsanger and Colonel j
George Stone were slated to the rijjht of j
ilr. Kahn.
K"«eds of San Francisco and Califor
nia Discussed by Prominent Re
publicans and Democrats •
in Response to Toasts.
Greatest Commercial Inter
ests of State Represented
at Table.
BUSINESS MEN
GIVE A BANQUET
TO JULIUS KAHN
President Charles Nelson of the Cham
ber of Commerce will call to the atten
tion of the trustees of that body the Invi
tation v of Governor Candler of Georgia to
all who feel an Interest in the maritime
greatness of the United States to be repre
sented at a maritime congress to be held
in Brunswick, Ga., beginning on January
30. The call for the congress was issued
by Governor Candler a few days ago.
The natural supposition Is that all large
mercantile bodies in the United States,
and especially those of the seaboard cities,
will receive epecial invitations to send
delegates to the congress. President Nel-
Bon will wait a few days for the invita
tion before he will take any action. He
may call a meeting of the Chamber of
Commerce, but he thought yesterday that
the trustees might be the first to consider
the matter or being represented.
President Kelson has given the subject
of encouraging the building of American
ships much favorable attention. Two years
ago he talked with President McKinley.
Senator Hanna and others connected with
the naMonal Government about a ship
subsidy. He found that President McKln
ley was strongly in favor of that proposi
tion. Subsequently he heard President Mc-
Kinley speak at a banquet in Milwaukee,
and on that occasion such encouragement
was strongly urged. President McKinley
has often made public his views on the
necessity of having a fleet of American
vessels sufficient to carry American com-
m pres'ldent Nelson Fays there is no ques
tion that it would be a good thing to have
the great commercial port of San Fran
cisco represented. Indeed the Chamber of
Commerce has taken occasion in the past f
to have the ship subsidy matter brought
before the Trans-Mississippi Congress by
Congressman Kahn, who was delegated to
speak for the 'Chamber.
The only obstacle President iselson*
found in the way of sending delegates to
the maritime congress in Georgia was the
difficulty of getting delegates who were
willing to. give their time and pay their
expenses as delegates out of their own
pockets. Very likely some -way will be
found to provide for the expenses, so that
there will be no burden to fall upon pri
vate individuals.
Encouragement of American Shipping
Is of Sufficient Importance to
"Warrant the Naming of
Delegates.
Thinks Maritime Congress
in Georgia Interests the
Chamber.
NELSON SAYS HE
WAITS ONLY FOR
HOLER'S CALL
NORDICA'S VALENTINA
IS A SPLENDID EFFORT
¦
Suzanne Adams Also Sings in, "The
Huouenots."
THE. -SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, HO v V-^iyiy^it ls/OU.
8
Tor a Cold la tho Head.
Laxative Bromo-QBlnln* Tablet*. ... V-.
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND.
THANKSGIVING ISSUE, NOVEMBER 25.
// PAGES \\
// INTENSELY \\
//. INTERESTING \\
STORIES. 1
\\ EIGHT PAGES OF //
\\' COMICS. II-
\\TWENTY PAGES y/
SI TlVTrV A \/
UNDAY
lALL.
ff ILLUSTRATED \\
// AND \\
[PRINTED AS ONLY ]
II THE //
\\ SUNDAY CALL II
DON'T MISS THE GREAT COMIC SECTION.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
JllfelK QIVES STRENGTH TO ALL WHO
p^^» ARE OVERWORKED AND EXHAUSTED.
T^V"? SP^^ Overwork has first effect upon the nerves;
pif. J- 111? wasted nerves drain the vitality of
stomach, liver and kidneys. Impure, thin
mBKS^^^P^ blood is made; the body grows weak for
want of nutriment and there is indiges-
mrs. v. a. farron. tion, acute pain in the back and head.
I Could Not Do My Work
"¦""¦ * J £ 1 £ "* I Tl I''\^^SBBBrfV 5^^^ P SS»^UKbS^SSSSS»^^ ty f T I / ¥ -Wl *^T J *^m J^LKj I ~W
¦» " - \S~ -
USE ONLY PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.Boynton told of more alleged "times"
enjoyed by Potter and the claimant, but
he evidently failed to enjoy the searching
cross-examination to which Campbell
subjected him. He wavered at times and
was at a loss several times to find an an
swer. :"^3gli^ji^gBMgH8?^t l ii^kfflS a
Joseph Malforite, proprietor of Delmon
icn's, was called and testified as to Potter
and Mrs. Pronk occupying a suite at~hl3
place. Mrs. Pronk. he- paid, was in con
stant attendance upon Potter and seemed
to administer to all of his wants. Mal
fonte's testimony . closed the day's pro
ceeding's and an adjournment until Mon
day was ordered.
It was a. detailed statement of Potter's
last whirl around the tenderloin. It set
forth that Potter first met Mrs. Pronk at
the Ellis-street house kept by Oljra Evans:
that he remained there five days and when
not in bed was exhibiting his night
clothes from the easy depths of a rocking
chair. It told of how Potter, was enter
tained by the girls of the resort- and of
how the wine flowed: In fact, was a de
tailed chapter In the career of Potter
while going the pace that kill?.
Boynton was then called to the stand.
The document to which it is alleged he
endeavored to secure Mrs. Pronk s signa
ture, it being similar to that presented to
Dr. Xoble, was produced and read to the
jury.
mailing scheme," shouted Peck.
"Sit down and remain seated until per
mission la given you to rise." commanded
Judge Dalngerfield. and the order wa»
obeyed. ; .
this plaintiff and asked her to swear to a
false affidavit, promising If she did so to
pay her what was due her on the following
day. We will also show that the services
performed by Mrs. Pronk were honestly
done ami he nee we expect a verdict at
your hands."
Dr. J. A. Xoble was the first witness
called. He testified that he attended Pot
ter during his last Illness and gald that
the deceased introduced tne claimant.
Mrs. Pronk, to him as his nurse. "He
would not baye another," said Dr. Noble,
"and she gave him all the attention he
received during. his last illness."
in answer to a question Dr. \ Xoble said
that he knew Charles C Boynton, who
was associated with the defense; that
Boynton had come to him and presented
a statement for his signature. At this
point attorneys for the defense objected to
Dr. Noble further testifying, which caused
Campbell to open Ws attack.
"We will prove." he said, ."that this man
presented a document to Dr. Noble, as he
did to Mrs. Pronk. reflecting on this plain
tiff's claim, and told him that if he would
sign the same his claim against the estate
for $2000, for m-dlcal services rendered the
deceased, would be paid. We will show
that there is subornation of perjury in
this case." .
"This is a plain charg-eof conspiracy,"
angrily answered Mr. Peck, attorney for
the defense, "and I object to it."
"And there Is a conspiracy," answered
Campbell. "There Is more rascality dis
played'by the defense in tnis case " ¦
"We say you are prosecuting a black-
i From the wild oats he sowed Jesse Shel
i don Potter reaped death, and while wit
\ nesses are telling of his last months on
earth, and of the relations existing between
: him and airs. Annie J. Pronk. to a jury in
Judge Daingerljeld's court, the attorneys
are hurling fierce Invective, criminations
and recriminations at one another and are
flinging back and forth charges of con
spiracy, subornation of perjury, unprofes
sional conduct and blackmail. If the story
of the last days on earth of a "good fel
low," the way he worshiped at the shrine
of Bacchus and clung to the association
of women other than his wife, may be
considered sensational then the trial be
fore Judge Dalngertield is such.
When the case opened yesterday mora
ine a morbid crowd of men eat In anxious
expectancy. The opening of the ca?e — J.
C Campbell's statement on b#b.alf of the
plaintiff to the jury— was disappointing to
the audience, but as the case jrrew they
were satisfied. After Informing the Jury
that he would prove that the deceased
pent for Mrs. Pronk and directed her to
care for him until death or health re
lieved him. Mr. Campbell touched upon the
dead millionaire's family affairs.
••We will show. If we must." said Attor
ney Campbell, "why those who were near
and dear to him did not 'go to' hfs bed
side. Instead of going to him they waited
until he was dead and then crowded
around his body anxious to secure his be
\nngingm. We will also show that those
who are contesting this action came to
ATTORNEYS IN THE JESSE SHELDON POTTER TRIAL
ARE FIGHTING AND MAKING ALL SORTS OF CHARGES
Accusations of Conspiracy and Blackmail in Open Court and Revelations of the
Late Millionaire's Escapade?.
To-Day's News Letter.
There are many Interesting special fea
tures in the News letter of to-day. Mar
tha Shainwakl Myers ihas an article that
will be read eagerly by all of the women
and ~. many of the. men. It is entitled
"^Woman's Franchise in New Zealand and
How I Cast My First Vote." Horace Eg
bert, the turf writer, has Plum Puddln*
Tommy on "The Women Who Go to the
Racetrack." Reginald Schuyler, the club
man, writes another of his original paper?
on the style of clothes worn by the men
at the- opera. "Lady Algy" has a column
and more of exclusive gossip from the
inner circles of society, and the editorials
and regular departments are up to their
usual strength. ,¦ - But .the- many special
articles are the feature? this week.
against each other. Zi this negro was wro=s
it might have occurred to the people of Colo
rado that they themselves were violators of
the tocial compact. Any man who takes the
law into his cwn hands ia an aoarchist of thi
worst description.
These great suspensions of the social code
muse -be considered In the Ufht of Insanity.
There are very few people la this world who
will Justify assassination or lynch law.
HELL IS A PAINTED FARCE, SAYS
RABBI METO IN HIS SERMON
He Would Have Religion Freed From Threats of Future
Punishment or Promises of Golden Harps.
The action instituted by Mai'd M. Nolan
for a dlvorca. from Joseph F. Xolan was
on Judge Bahrs* calendar yesterday. J.
C. Camptell. who represents Mrs. Xolan,
testified on her behalf and me care was
submitted for decision. Kate Schetzel has
been granted, a divorce from August
Schetzel on the grot.nd of desertion. Suits
for divorce have been filed by Viola A.
McFadden asrs.inst John E. MeFadd>n for
failure. to provide, and John A. \V. Carl
son against Marie V. Carlson for deser
tion.-
In the Divorce Court.
At the Temple Emanu-el Rabbi Voor
janger lectured on -The Social Code."
He condemned lynch law and cited the
case of the negro. Porter, as being an il
lustration* of the, suspension of the social
contract. He continued In part as fol
lows:
• It is unfortunate that such a thini !>htrald
have occurred. It is etKt more unfortunate
that such temporary suspensions of justie*
should occur. When wo live In a community
it is understood that we are "to be protected
GKe a man something: that wilt reach his
heart, give him eoraethtng that reaches hl»
reason, and you will hold him when hell, that
painted farce, has ceased to terrify.
This wicked world of ours is not wicked: it
is far advanced In its desire to be good and
moral, but don't you see that as we near our
ideal the Ideal recedes. I think If the Creator
could look down on this world to-day and «ee
it as it is, he would feel that ne had not
created this world in vain.
Man was created and exists on this earth for
human love- You notice I don't say charity.
If there were no human lov* in this world I
would say it is Indeed a wicked world. But
look around and you will see that man has
grown to love man.
What matter If the power to do wronj ts
gone if the wish remain? It i« the spirit w*
must look to. I look forward to the day when
we shall have a religion of reason, stripped
of its mystery. When has relljion .begun to
grow weak in men's minds? When they ceased
to be interested, when they lose faith, when
they begin 10 be hypocritical.
Thii is the condition of thinjrs that we are
sliding into to-day. What is needed is truth.
If men are not true to theraselves they can
be irue to nothing on God's earth. We want
the religion of action, not of profession. Then
when this shall have come, to pass we shall
have no reason to say how wicked we are.
We will stand forth for ourselves and speak
out the spirit. in our hearts.
At Tenjple Sherlth Israel last nigh:
Rabbi Nieto preached a. strong denuncia
tion of dogmatic religion and put up an
earnest plea for a broader, fuller form of"
worship.
He cited the doctrine of a future life as
being a barren one, holding everything In
promise and giving nothing in the present.
A large congregation listened to the ser
mon, which was In pa.rt as follows:
Daughters of the Pioneers, met and or
ganized . in Pioneer building yesterday
afternoon. -Ladies to the number ot forty
odd signed the roll and the meeting ad
journed till next week; when officers will
be elected.
Pioneers* Daughters Organize.
A Retrial Ordered.
A r.ew trial was ordered by the Supreme
Court yesterday in the case of Mrs. Mary
Wales against the Pacific Electric Motor
Company. The plaintiff recovered dam
ages from the corporation for the death
of her son. and but lor the error of the
trtai Judge in charging the jury, she
might now be in possession of monetary
compensation for the loss of her sons
tujiport. Young Wales was engaged in
tainting s. house and in moving a wire re
ceived a shock and was hurled to the
ground, receiving Injuries from which he
afterward died. In rendering its deci
sion the court stated that the evidence
was an?> to support the verdict and said
it was unfortunate that the giving of cer
tain instructions to the jury constituted
error which demanded the retrial "of the
case.
! every seat In the courtroom was taken. A
i number of women were present, mostly
of the dizzy blonde type. The defendant,
neatly dressed and wearing a veil, sat by
the Elde of her attorney, Joseph Roth
erhiM. Lund was not present. The case
of the people was repret "ited by Prose
cuting Attorney Hanley and J..J. Roach
of Sullivan & Sullivan,' Lund's attorneys.
Rothschild said that while his client, the
defendant, had asked that the hearing be
i public, he had learned that the testimony
! to be Introduced would be of a nature to
lead to other civil and criminal actions and
! would work to the injury of Innocent per-
I sons In no way connected with the case,
1 but related by ties of blood to persons in-
I volved in the case. Therefore he had de
; cided to join the prosecution in asking
] that the hearing be behind closed doors.
Judge Cabaniss eaid he would consent
¦ to exclude the morbidly curious, who
! were there in hope of hearing salacious
details, but he would not exclude the rep
resentatives of the press, as euch action
would result only in the publication of
garbled accounts of the testimony. His
order was issued accordingly, and the
room was- cleared of all but court at
taches, counsel and reporters.
Three witnesses were examined during
the session. Samuel J. Levy, -formexly
night watchman at the Franklin Hotel,
where it is alleged that Mrs. Lund and
Harry Herz lived together as Mr. and
Mre. Jerome, was the first witness. He
knew very little and told what he did
know so poorly that the prosecution
gained practically nothing from his testi
mony. Mrs. Jennet Petersen of Berkeley,
the wife of O. \V. Petersen. master of
the schooner Zampa. and Mrs. Marguerite
Martinez, residing at the corner of Par
cific and Mason streets, were the star
witnesses. They had spied upon Mrs.
Lund and Herz. ever, to watching at the
keyhole of Mrs. Lund's bedroom in the
Franklin Hotel.
Mrs. Petersen furnished the sensation
of the session. She began her testimony
with an a!r of virtue offended, but told
unblufhlnrly ot watching at the keyhole
of Mrs. Lund's room. With a. little urg
ing at the beginning she gave her testi
mony freely, always with the air of a
wife and mother who felt outraged by
what she had teen and what she had
: learned of the other woman's character.
: Then Rothschild took her in hand for
[ cross-exair.iration and succeeded in draw
• ing from her the acknowledgment that
- while ehe had lived for some years in
: Berkelev as the wife of a respectable sea
¦ captain, during that time at periods when
! her husband was at sea ?he had worked
; under the name of Jes?ie Lee as barmaid
i and waitress in various Barbary Coast
I dives, and that during the past nine
¦ years, until six weeks ago. she had kept
: a room on the Barbary Coast, though
but the inevitable picture hat was there.
Samuel J. Levy, now of 1202 Mission
street, testified that till November 17 he
had been night watchman at the Franklin
Hotel, at the junction of Market and
Page streets. His duty was to go on
watch at 11 o'clock and during the night
to rent rooms, run the elevator and an
swer calls.
The attorneys had a long squabble as to
the character of the testimony that could
be introduced. Rothschild contended that
only evidence tending- to prove open and
notorious relations between the defend
ant and Harry Herz. as alleged In the
complaint, could be put on record. Roach
contended that the proving of instances
of infidelity was the only way in which
open and notorious relations could be
proved. He said the prosecution, if given
a chance, would prove that defendant and
Herz had lived together as husband and
wife. Judge Cahaniss ruled to permit
Roach to proceed with his line of ques
tioning, the court reserving the right to
strike out the testimony later in the
hearing.
Witness Levy, who Is middle-aged and
who showed a tendency to owl-like stupid
ity, due probably to his long vigils at
night in the little office of the Franklin
Hotel, said that defendant had lived at
the hotel under the name of Jeffries. Then
he took it back and said the name bejjan
with "J." Being prompted by Roach,
with the court's permission, he remem
bered it was Jerome. She had been in the
hotel five or six weeks, at first for two
weeks In rooms 3 and 4, and afterward
upstairs In rooms IS and 19.
Witness had seen Herz with defendant
and on various occasions had seen him go
with her to her rooms. He had supposed
he was her husband and that his name
was Jerome. They weal to the rooms to
gether before midnight on the night of
Wednesday. November 14. and witness
saw Herz leave the next morning: about
6 o'clock. He had been in the rooms sev
eral times when Herz was there, once
when he rang for ice-water and he went
to take it up to them.
On cross-examination witness said ne
had "asked for his time" last Saturday
after some words with his employer. Hs
testified that Herz did not live in the hotel
In the sense that other guests lived there.
Mrs. Petersen was called to the stand.
She said that she had met defendant
about five years ago at Guaymas, Mexico,
while defendant was still Miss Forman.
housekeeper for Lund, whom she marriel
soon after. She told of ?oing to the Frank
lin Hotel on the evening of Wednesday,
November 14, to rooms 26 ana 27, taken by
Mrs. Martinez. She and Mrs. Martinez
knew when defendant and Herz came In.
at nearly midnight, and she saw them to
gether in Mrs. Lund's rooms.' And wit
ness drew herself up with an air x>f con
scious virtue. She admitted she waj
watching at the keyhole end heard Herz
say something about sending a cape back.
Mrs. Lund had replied. "Oh-we will maks
the old fool pay for it." Then she told
how the defendant had posed and had
said. "Am I not pretty?" and Herz hail
replied, "Yes, my darling; you are fair
and beautiful."
That same incident was described later
in broken English by Mrs. Martinez. Ac
cording to her the defendant said. "Ain t
I purty?" and Herz's reply was, "Yea, my
dear; you air."* . ' , ¦
Mrs. Petersen said that she and Mrs.
Martinez had remained ; up till 3 or 4
•o'clock and were sure Herz did not leave
the rooms during that time. Thursday
evening she had seen Herz lying on the
bed in Mrs. Lund's room, but Mrs. Lund
was not in at the time. Sunday morning
she had seen them come in together at I
or 3 o'clock, but Herz left, saying hi
would come back If he "did not see thai
man."
Roths-child began the cross-examination
and started In at once to ret at the char
acter of the witness. Her husband had
gone to sea yesterday. She was known m
San Francisco sometimes as Mrs. Maher.
as her first husband's name was Fernando
Maher. They had conducted "a saloon at
433 Pacific street, which they sold in 1SW
Afterward she had tended bar for Peter
Anderson at Pacific street and Montgom
ery avenue, where "women J were em
ployed on percentag-e." Then for a tim*
she worked as other girls did, as a wait
ress. She had been a waitress also at the
saloon at 51S Pacific street, for a man
named Llndbom. She was ..nown as Jes
sie Lee, and in the good n.utical fashion
the saloon was called the "Jessie Lee.''
These later experiences were after her
marriage to Petersen, but she declined to
say whether he knew of them. She admit
ted having had a room at 51S Pacific street
for nine years past, but would not say
how often she had occupied It. -She de
nied that she had lived there with an
Italian named Pete Parini.
This lone recital with its thrust and
parry between counsel and witness told
on Mrs. Lund's nerves, and at the time
when the witness was worst tortured by
Rothschild the defendant hid her face and
sobbed.
Mrs. Petersen denied that she had been
offered reward by Lund if she should te
cure evidence for him. She said she had
gone to the hotel as Mre. Lund's friend.
hoping to Induce her to return to her
home, the residence- on Webster street
but that she had turned against her after
what she saw that flrat night. She could
not explain why she had stayed at the
hotel till Sunday morning, after Mr3.
Lund's arrest, because, as she said. "I
am on oath and I cannot tell positively
If I am telling the truth."
Mrs. Martinez told briefly . of taklnr
turns at the keyhole with Mrs. Petersen.
She was very frankly a Barbary Coaster,
givlnsr evidence that she had been em
ployed to pet and to give, and what slit;
saw was told with as much dlrectnes$ as
her poor command of English would per
mit. «i.Her. cross-examination went over
until Monday at 2 p. m_. when the hear
ing will be continued.
THE DEFENDANT IN THE CASE OF THE PEOPLE VS. LUND AND THE TWO WITNESSES WHO TESTI
FIED YESTERDAY TO HAVING SPIED UPON HER THROUGH THE KEYHOLE OF HER BEDROOM AT
THE FRANKLIN HOTEL.
STATISTICS ON PUBLIC
SCHOOLS IN CALIFORNIA
State School Superintendent Presents ,
Copy of His Nineteenth Biennial
Report to Webster.
A copy of th« nineteenth biennial re- j
port of the State 6uperfnte«flent of Pub
lie Instruction for the school year endir.5
June 30. Ififf, and June 30, li<0>.' - was re- '
reived yesterday by City Superintendent
u ebster. The report contains much val- J
-. . > statistical information based on a
I horotigh research Into school affairs of ;
the State. It shows that the number of
white children between 5 and 17 vears !
ci ag-e at present in the State is S^.iwr. !
n*gro children. 2444: Indian children !
2?:*; native born Mongolians. 2S15— the
ersao total of census chUdrea beine
Z£\.12Z. j
The following general information given '
by Superintendent Webster and relating 1
to Ss.n Francisco is incorporated In the i
report:
Sin Francisco Public School Teachers' Club i
mtulaad tnuruai Improvement); Public Scfacoi '
MutuaJ Aid Society; Public School Teachers' j
Annuity A*- ¦::<¦:: ::. Saturday and Summer '
C.a&s«c ax State University, we!! attended.
Sanitation, ger.eraiiy modern plumbing; heat- ¦
Jr.*. Generally fcy cc*i ctsvet; furnace ETatems
nio»ily isr-saUif actory or entirely out ol r op«r*
tloe: hrhtir.* ior evenin* schools both by tas !
mJki electricity. '
Teachers. Supervisors ana Board of Eiuca- j
tion attend lectures en masse, and teachers' ,
tenferences are held during the year
Vl»itic« cf schools by parents not general; by !
Kjard o£ .Education and Supervisors, eystem- >
• ticailjr,
£;*c:aJ day *c2 closing day exercises, ren- i
*ral. ;
Iiidt<m©n«; irreiy cctr.mttBity Intermit: Rec*r.t i
**T.abli*hmect of St&te Normal School In this 1
<it>- ted voting bonds for new school build- i
lr.»e. i
p""jT"^ HE hearing- of evidence on the
I criminal charge brought 'against
I Mrs. William C. Lund, the young
Jl wife of the aged capitalist, as
counter to her suit for divorce on
the- ground of cruelty, began yesterday
before Police Judge Cabanlss. The ex
amination of witnesses did not proceed
very fax. but It went far enough to "show
that each side has been liberal In employ-
Ing private detectives to gather evidence
damaging to the other side.
At Mrs. Lund's request, the hearing
was to have been public, and at 2 o'clock
having a home Jn Berkeley, where her son
and ' daughter, the former 16 years old,
lived. She refused to say whether her
husband knew these facts or not.
Mrs. Petersen Is a woman of middle age,
quite stout, and of florid complexion. She
wore a black silk dress, black gloves and
a picture hat that added a foot and a
half to her short stature. She used her
words with studied accuracy, and showed
herself pugnacious repeatedly when
forced to unpleasant disclosures by Roth
schild's questions.
Mrs. Martinez was different. She was
frankly and confessedly, from the Bar
bary Coast and she looked the part. She
was not so richly dressed as Mrs. Pet ?f3en.
Star "Witness, Wife of a Sea Captain, Is Foreed
* to Confess to Leading a Double Life.
If the Secretary of State Had In
vited Bids Price Charged '¦):
Would Have Been Much
XfOwtr.
.'¦¦" • '.
Two Interesting matters developed at
the investigation yesterday, by the Super
visors* Judiciary Committee of the May
or's veto of the dcmancT for J725 filed
by the Secretary of State " for bal
lot paper used in .the last election. Tha
first admission made by several paper
dealers was that an unusual profit wa3
made on a special order for ballot* paper.
This was also borne out by the testimony
of Registrar "Walsh,' who stated that A.;
Zelierbach. who had charged 12*£ cents'
per pound for the paper, had later offered
the same to Walsh for 10 cents per pound.
A^ain. Walsh testified that Blake. Mof
fltt & Towne had told him that it was ut
terly useless to enter into competition'ln
Sacramento to supply the ballot paper, as
their dimples had often been returned un
opened. In other words,, so strong was
the influence of other firms that it would
not go to -the trouble to; submit competi
tive bids, knowing that it stood no chance
to obtain the contract.
There' were present at the meeting Su
pervisors Brandensteln. Cornte and Tobin
of the committee. Assistant Secretary
Hoesch explained how the paper had been
bought and appeared much hurt that the
demand was not paid Immediately and
without an investigation of Its exorbitant
figure. He was asked pointed . questions
as to why no -competitive bids had been
Invited and whether he did not think that
a lower price could have been secured In
competition. .
"The . only mistake I . made," said
Hoesch, "was not to have exacted pay
ment for the paper in advance, but I
thought the city of San Francisco -was
able to pay its bills. In 1S98 the city paid
$1395, in IMS $1096. an'd in 1900 $725 for. the
ballot paper. The price has ranged from
$2 3) a ream to $3 SO in years past, while
we have charged you only 12 50 a ream."
"Don't you think you should only
charge the actual market value of the
paper?" asked Comte. "Because you paid
twice as much as the paper is alleged to
be worth is no reason why the city should
have to stand the difference. The law is
very clear that the market value only
should obtain in a matter of this kind."
Hoesch thereupon was sworn and testi
fied that he purchased the paper for 52 50
a ream.
"Did you advertise for bids?" asked
Comte.
"Xo," replied Hoesch, "we bought It
from A. Zelierbach & Co., with whom we
entered into a contract."
"Did the Secretary of State negotiate
with any other firms for th-3 purchase of
the paper?" asked Brandenstein.
"No, sir." replied Hoesch.
"Isn't it customary to advertise for
bids?"
"Xo," said Hoesch. 'it Is not customary.
The fact that secrecy is. required would
prevent that."
Brandenstein wanted to know what pro
tection the county had against exorbitant
charges that might be made by the Sec
retary.
"We appear to be at the mercy of the
Secretary of State," said Brandenstein.
"Well," said Hoesch, "you would have
to depend on the honesty of the Secre
tary."
I. Zelierbach. who made the sale of the
ballot paper to the Secretary of State,
testified as follows:
"The price charged at the time the con
tract was entered into was a fair market
value. The restriction thrown around the
purchase of the ballot paper, such as se
crecy, water mark and the opaque char
acter required, necessitated great care and
caused trouble. The paper was sold by
the ream, which would make it between
11 'and 12 cents per pound. The way in
which the lower price of 5 cents was quo
ted to Registrar Walsh was on the sub
mission of a small sample without the
water mark. Xo one can place a value on
paper In that way and come within 5
or 6 cents a pound of the actual value.
The market was unsettled at the time the
order was filled. The profit on the order
was from 20 to 25 per cent greater than
our usual profit."
Tobin asked Zelierbach what his usual
profit was. but he refused to tell in detail.
"Sometimes we only make 2 per cent."
said Zelierbach. who seemed anxious to
dismiss the subject.
C. L. Bonestell. who quoted 5 cents per
pound on the same paper for which Zeli
erbach charged 12>4 cents, testified that
his quotation? had no bearing on what the
price might have been when , Zelierbach
sold the paper.
"There were great difficulties In filling
orders when the ballot paper was srUd
last January," said Bonestell. "My price
would make the cost about $125 per ream.
There Is no market value In a special con
tract of that kind. Different firms have
different ideas of placing valuations on
the cost of the. product."
"If there was competition," said Comte,
"the price would be less, vfould it not?"
"Yes, it certainly would," said Bone
stell.
John Curtis, paper expert of Payot. TJp
ham & Co., thought that the price of $2 50
per ream was reasonable, considering the
circumstances surrounding the purchase
of the paper, but Curtis acknowledged
that he did not know the value of paper
last January.
James Taylor, an agent of a paper com
pany which made some of the paper for
Zelierbach. testified that no paper mill
cares to make ballot paper with all the
exactions required, as It entailed consid
erable trouble.
"I would not consider the proposition at
10 cents a pound." said Taylor.
Registrar Walsh took exception to a
statement made by Hoesch that the paper
had been hawked about.
"I did not take a smal: piece of paper
for a sample, as has been alleged." said
Walsh, "but a whole ballot blank, with
the water mark, i This I did ten days after
election dny, so that the secrecy required
by law was not violated. I learned that
the city was being charged at the rate of
one-half a cent a ballot, and I thought
it expensive, and I have been borne out
by the letters of Blake. Moffltt & Towne
and C. L. Bonestell, who quoted the lower
figure. I have no prejudice In this matter,
but I deemed it my duty to make an in
vestigation. I informed Mr. Zelierbach
that I thought the price was exorbitant.
" 'Weil, you'll have to pay it.' said Zell
erbach. 'Even if the Secretary of State
would charge you 25 cents, you would
have to pay it. I will sell you the paper
now for 10 cents «: pound.* -
"This rate was 25 per cent less than that
charged by the Secretary of State. I
thought there must oe a big profit
In paper. Blake, Moffltt & Towr.e in
formed—me--that ."there ¦was *no use
to enter Into competition at Sacra
mento With other: firms who appeared to
have the inside track, as its samples had
often been returned unopened. The firm
also informed me that the • paper was
made of wood pulp and was only common
newspaper that had been sized. If It was
given time It would quote 4H cents 1 to fill
the order In carload lots."
At this point the Investigation was. post
poned to obtain more evidence as to what
was the actual market price of the paper
at. the time it was purchased.
Interesting Facts Develop
in tfie Investigation of-
Vetoed Demand.
BIG PROFIT IN
BALLOT PAPER
Ftrc:>rs thrrmgh the Pres!4«.o grounds
dortag ihe last few days no longer in
clude the part known as "Lovers' Lane"
la their walks. Rumors of this dark spot
being the scene of hold-ups have caused
the visitors to view the path through the
dense woods with a feeling very akin to
fear.
lieutenant Reeves, while walking with
fcis wife near the bypath a few nights
tpo. stopped to light a cigar. Mm.
F.««*r*« continued on and when about
Twecty feet ahead or her husband was ap
;rrached by a ftrangrer, who emereM
from the trees. The flash of the match
lit by tbe officer evidently frirhtened the
man, who dcxljftd back among the trees.
Lieutenant Reeve* called out the patrol
end the woods were searched, but no
trace of the fellow could be found. •
ihe next evealn* the iamplirhter while
making hie rounds was etruck from be
hind with what was apparently a slucg
ehot. The blow was a plancing one and
did t\9 harm, and he turned to grapple
mith hi* assailant. The fellow took to his
heele. The lamplighter described him as
a mulatto, poorly dresstd ar.d wearing a
FOlfiler's campaign hat pulled well down
over his *>yes.
The next man to eoe the stranger was
a plumber In the cmplov of the Quarter
master's r>epartment. who aaw the
mysterious individual leave the rnad and
run into the woods about fifty feet in ad
vance of where he vu walking. A strict
watch i* beir.g kept of the many path
way* leading through the reservation,
and it is hoped to effect a capture of the
supposed highwayman.
To replace the mule? lost on the trans
port Leelcnaw. the- Aztec will take to
Manila a load of these animals instead ot
the "horses which wer«» consigned -lo her.
Her departure has teen delayed by this
change in piana.
fcereral Attempts at Bobbery Are Re
ported and Military Authorities
Are Trying to Capture
the Offender.
Danger Now Lurks in the
Shady Paths of the
Reservation.
STRANGE NEGRO
HAUNTS PRESIDIO
SPIES FROM THE BARBARY COAST
TESTIFY AGAINST MRS W. C. LUND
THE SAX FKAXCISc6 QALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1900.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
POSTTJM CEREAL.
SENSIBLE TEMPERANCE
A Word to Temperance Ladies.
It is universally admitted that temper- :
*.r.ce women work for their cause with a
cesire tc make life happier; that Is, In- !
temperance In drinlc causes an immens-e
snsouit of niisery la human life, and the
temperance movement is an effort to re-
p'.a.ce Una nJecry with happiness, peace
sr.d conifort.
llary temperance women make the mis-
take of roing at the subject hammer and
tor.g* and proposing to force people to be-
lieve their xi-av. It Is far better to exer-
cise a bread charity ana take the position
that cne'i own peace of mind and happi-
r.ess, r.ot only cf the individual but of Iho
family and friende. depends upon sensi-
ble habits of life.
A very much greater foe to human bap-
pfr.ets than whisky exists, and it will
ftartle many an honest temperance work-
er when the name of that foe is given.
It Is spelled c-o-f-f-e-e. "I don't believe
Jt." some ardent temperance worker says,
who is really a slave herself to the coffee
cup.
Cast your thougrht among 1 your elck
friends, ccrvous, irritable, broken down
women whose- homes are anything but
peaceful hones because of the irritation
end friction brought about by their physi-
cal and mental condition. In ninety-fiv«
case* out of a hundred, the nervousness,
irritability, dyspepsia, kidney trouble, fe-
male troubles, and various diseases which
fjch people are subject to, come directly
from a. broken down nervous system,
brought about by the dally use of coffee.
<\'areful chemical analyst* prove* this
ttatement to fce absolutely true and per-
soral experiment will prove the same to
any one who cares to make It.
Vou may have a few friends who are
Trade miserable by whisky, but yqu have
i^ires of friends whost lives are made
miserable, as well as the lives of their
families, by the use of coffee. Hard to
bettere. i^n't it? Manv of the most pro-
found truth? are not accepted by human-
ity when first brought to humanity's at-
tention, but they are truths, ne\-ertheless. \
Try for yourself. leader. lyave off
roffe*. altogether and start In with Post urn
Food Coffe**, which can be obtained at
any first-class grocery Etore. You will
find within ten days an improvement in
the sum total of happiness for yourself
and for your friends about you. Life will
Take on a new aspect: *tren*th. vljror and
vitality will b«»g1n to come back for your
«•». You can do thing* that you have
heretofore been unequal to. You cari'ac-
t/^mpll?h Bomethins: In' this world, and
oa can quietly and without ostentation
i*^m»» mo« efllcient worker In eeeur-
:r «~lo humanity that .peaee.. content ana]
f-appiness teat we arc all seeking:. . . . j
James Whitcomb Biley has written
for The Call a splendid Thanksgiving
poem. It will be published to-morrow.
KOHLER & CHASE,
pianos.
26-30 O'Farrel! St.,
6A.N FRA.NC1SCO.
THANKSGIVING!
That is what the people are doinsr
who have bought those lovely Koh-
ler & Chase Pianq>. Thirv are thank-
ing us for having brouzht. so much
happiness into their homes. Eieht
different styles- to select from. Our
method of selling beats them all; it
is the easiest and cheapest We are
sole agents for
KNABE & FISCHER
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-QtMnlne Tablets. •
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL Dfci
FORD. IT i N. Sariss St., Lea ArjtlM, Ca^
APAAA REWARD. —We hare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, f MOO,
\h]| I which will be paid to any person whoean find th.it the :i'«>ve t*5t:m.ir.:al Jotters
¦Tlalllllfl * renot genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's "irnwlal per-
W W UW V mission. I.YDIA E. PLSKHAJt SLEDIC1XE Co.
While no woman is entirely free from periodical suffering, It does not seem
to have been the plan of nature that woman should suffer so seTerely. .Ly dia
E.; Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is the most thorough female regu-
lator known to medical science. It relieves the condition which produces so
much discomfort and robs menstruation of its terrors.
. . The three letters here published should encourage every woman who suffers :
¦ ¦• ' ¦ . '• Aug. 6,1893. tf^^^Fb the poor, sick at
«DEAR f MBS v PCTKHAM:--I have /£^5*^:'j? stomVch every
suffered since the age of sixteen with A4gR&»$SES«\ morning- every-
painful menstruation. I have been ( mggZSftg&i&J thinir I eat hurts
treated for months, and was told that I ff&g^ *2*m me an verv weak
the womb had fallen a little. The y|£| thin, and sallow. '
doctor says that is now in place apain, ) V&l .. x have tried a
but I st!ll have the same pain. Please /% %- f^M doctor, but he did
tell mc^hat to do.»-M^. Emma J 7^3f not seem to do me
Kuehl, 113 Trautman St., Brooklyn, T^C^J^f any good."— Mi*3
E. D., r».\. rf-*w^^v'!wj>^i Maggie Pollakd,
Jan. 19, 1399. 319 So - 4th St -»
44 Dear- Mrs. Pixkham : — After re- kvi>-**^ Eichmond, Va.
ceiving your reply to my letter of April 23 1900
Aug-. 6 I followed your kind advice, " since receiving your answer "to
and am glad to tell you that I have my fetter .1 have been taking vour
been cured of the severe pain at time Vegetable Compound, and it has done
of menstruation through the use of me more pood than any medicine I
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- have ever taken. My menses are all
pound. I have taken six bottles of "right now, and appearonce a month,
xt, felt better after the first bottle, an d I feel so much stronger. 1 shall
and after a while had no more pain always praise your medicine."—- Miss
or womb trouble. Maggie Poixakd, 319 So. 4th St.,
44 1 had doctored from the age of six- Eichmond, Va.
teen to twenty-six, and had lost all ,. T , , , . . , , .
hope, but your medicine has made " I was troubled wxth female weak-
me^well. ness, irregular 3^
44 1 would like to have you use my P^. nfnl menstrua- f '^-gg* h
testimonial, so that others may see, io ?' and *?*' I
and be inspired with hope, and take corrhoea. The &>*^i|3f i»
your medicine."— Mes. Emma Kcehl, tOTS medic ™* K^-— Of^f
112 Trautman St,,Brooklyn,E. D.,N. Y. dl J me J n £ £ood. \\ V& f& W J
J I have taken one JJ I 4^3 *)
Feb. 20, 1900. bottle and a half If \*^» Jf yf
"I saw your medicine so highly of your Vegetable V J Si^a^\ l
recommended I thought I would write Com pound, and -t^^"i»C^P&y-*.J
to you for advice. thanks to your ff^O C%£<»
4 1 My menstruation occurs every two medicine.my pains *«P>jAc^ARLt^
weeks, lasts a week, and is painfuL I are gone. I advise rrtiJZz^
have been troubled in this way for all women suffering as I have to use
some time. I suffer from sick head- your Vegetable Compound." — Emma
ache and backache all the time, appe- J. Pkibble, Indianola, 111.
If there is anything about your case about which you would like special
advice, write freely to Mrs. Pinkham. No man will see your letter. She can
surely help you, for no person in America has such a wide experience in treat-
ing female ills as she has had. She has helped hundreds of thousands of
women back to health. Her address is Lynn. Mass., and her advice is free.
You are very foolish if you do not accept her kind invitation. »
How Three Women Found Relief.
*'*" _
ADVERTISEMENTS.^Foreign Futufes.
CHICAGO, Nor. 23— CATTLE— Receipts. 4500.
Week's receipts ' largest •' since • 1894. Steady to
slow, good butchers' stock dull.' Good to prime
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June
Opening 19 95 21 35
Closing 19 90 2135
Flour-
Opening 25 90 27 40
Closing 25 85 27 45
Chicago Livestock Market.
LJVERPOOL.
Wheat— • Dec. Feb. Mar
Opening 6 11% .... |u'
Closing 6 11 . .... 6%
PARIS.
Family Retail Market.
w j -1 ;
Eggs have again advanced, and 'the finer
grades of Butter are also a shade higher.
Meats and Poultry stand about as before.
Game Is dearer.
Summer fruits' and vegetables are rcttlmr
Cash wheat Is slightly higher, partly on the
belief that some real damage has been effected
NEW YORK. Nov.. a -Bradstreef a to-mor
row will »ay: Unsettled weather conditions
have operated to curtail retail and Jobbing dis
tribution this week and Imparted a quieter tone
to several lines indirectly associated there
with, stock speculation, too, has been less
rampant and this week's record of bank clear
lr.gs has therefore not been equaled. Tbere is,
however, little or no apparent loss of basic
strength, and. Indeed, the general level of
staple prices has been slightly advanced This
latter movement Is most notable In the Iron
end steel trades. In raw cotton and to a lesser
degree in the cereals and some nog products
In marine shipping circles a distinct Imurovel
ment is reported since the flrst week of No
vember. "While the volume of business In pie-
Iron is still large lt does not apparently tome
up to that of this week or the woek previous
No disappointment j Bi however, felt at this'
more particularly as quotations have again
been marked up. Reports of preparation to
resume come from many plants for some time
Idle and a sample Instance Is the report that
every furnace In the Chicago field will be at
work next week. Reports from Pittsburg are
that demand for steel billets is still backward
not so much becauBe of . the price demanded'
$19 50. but because of Its being fixed by the
pool at that rate. Foundry pig Is, however
active and tending higher. What the market
for cruder forms lacks in the way of activity
however, is made. up for by the Immense de
mand for finished products,- which Is reported
In excess of all records for this period. Plates
arc active, as are structural and car material,
wire bars and In fact all -classes . of finished
material, not excepting rails, which are reported
being freely taken by Western roads at - the
much-abused $26 basis. Other metals, notably
copper, are strong. - -Tin is tending upward.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and unchanged; No. 3 spring wheat, 65H-571c;
No. 2 red. 71%@73%c; No. 2 corn, 43®44c; No. 2
yellow, 44c: No. oats, white, 26Uff27c; No. 3
white, 24%©27c; No. 2 rye. 45c; fair to choice
malting barley, 56@G0c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 63%@
171; No. 1 Northwestern. $171; prime timothy
seed, J4 10@4 20; mess pork, per bbl, |10 87%@ll;
lard, per 100 lbs, $7 20@7 25: short-rib sides
(Joose), |6 75@7 75; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
E%<g6%e; short clear sides (boxed), J6 85£6 95:
clover, contract grade, HO. ¦
Articles— • ¦ . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels V 19,000 17,000
Wheat, bushels 85,000 338,000
Corn, bushels ........262.000 32,000
Oats, bushels ..131,000 235,000
Rye, bushels 8.000 3.000
Barley, bushels 78,000 - 12.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull;. creameries, 15@25c; dairies
12%ffr22e. Cheese, active, 10@ll%c. Eggs, quiet;
fresh. 21c
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
• Wheat No. J—
November 70% 70T4 70% '70%
December 70% 70T4 70^ 70%
January 71% 71% 70% 71V4
Corn No. 2—
November 46 46 43 ¦ 44<4
December 36H 36% 85% 35H
May 38^ 36ft ¦ S6Vs 36%
Oats No. 2—
November 21% 21% 21H 2m
December 22 22 21% 21%
May 24 84% 24 24V4
Mess Pork, per bbl—
November 10 75 1100 10 75 U 00
January .i 1170 12 00 1170 12 00
May 1170 1190-1170 1190
Lard, per 100 lb* —
November T 15 7 25 7 15 7 25
December 685 T O7V4 6 92% 7 06
January 6 82% 6 90 6 82% 6 90
May 6S5 6 92% 6 85 6 92%
Bhort Ribs, per 100 lbs— •
November 7 75
January 6 30 6 37% 6 30 6 82%
A continuance of large transactions, which
Indicate the presence of public participation
in speculation and of enormous Investment pur
chases. Is the principal feature in the stock
market. The tone has generally been strong,
but the market has had intervals of irregular
ity and has also shown at times a reactionary
tendency. This last -was due' mainly to profit
taking, though some renewal of short sales by
professional operators was noted. The action
of the' money market in view of the remark
able advances that have accompanied the phe
nomenal activity Is regarded as a point in fa
vor of the bulls, and with trading at New York
Stock Kxchange practically exceeding one mil
lion a day for the entire period since the elec
tion, there Is no symptom of pressure In the
money market. Some hesitancy about accept
ing industrials as collateral for loans Is noted,
but call money has not risen above 4V4 or 5
per cent, but 4 per cent or less neema to have
been the rates at which accommodation to
carry standard stocks could be obtained. The
fact that the item of loans In last Saturday's
bank statement increased only some J2 000 000
was at first regarded with surprise, but the
explanation offered for lt is that a great pro
portion of the purchases of stocks and bonds
made by commission houses are In tha nature
of Investments, the securities being paid for
and taken out of the loan market.. This process
brought money to New York and at the same
time reduces the volume of outstanding loans
to an extent which largely offsets the Increased
speculative borrowings. Europe has to some
extent been a buyer of stocks at concessions
this week, probably to meet calls on Americans
put out In London prior to the election The
effect of this, however, has not overcome the
previous larg. foreign sales, which have been
sufficient to hold up foreign exchange rates at
a level considerably above the gold Importing
point. The confidence of our own public in the
financial and business situation is, however so
general and marked that Europe's position con
tinues to be regarded with indifference and In
the purchasing power which asserts Itself at all
concessions or reactions the street finds the best
Indication that the bull movement In prices is
not exhausted. .
NEW YO^K,.Nov. 23.— Bradstreef s Financial
Review to-morrow Trill say:
CHICAGO. Nov. 23.— It was a quiet day in
the wheat pit. The news had in lt nothing
which could be twisted by bulls Into a rny of
hope and liquidation continued with scarcely
any Interruption until near the end of the
session. Liverpool closed %@Vid low«r In the
face of steadiness here yesterday and Argen
tine shipments, according- to Board of Trade
figures, were 736,000 bushels, compared with
264,000 bushels the week pre7ious and 660,000
bushels the corresponding week a year ago.
December opened H@%c to »i@T4c lowe;- at
7O'K'S7O%c. and declined during the forenoon to
70<S70Hc. The market steadied and later under
moderate cash demand and a prediction that
the visible would show a decrease Monday the
market reacted and closed steady, %c under
yesterday at 70H@70%c.*
Corn was quiet and easy, the legitimate fac
tors being srood weather and a prospect of in
creased 1 country offerings. It was chiefly a
scalping: market. December cloied He lower at
S5%c George .H. Phillips, who controls the
November corn option, was doing nothing to
day and In consequence deals l.\ the cornered
option were few and far between. Corn for
delivery this month opened %c up at 4«c and
sold down to 4Sc. The close wan lc und*r yes
terday at 44'.£c. The grain Inspection office re
fused to pass corn which had been doctored in
an attempt to make - it into contract grado to
deliver to Mr. Phillips on the day of reckon
ing.
Oats were even duller than usual, cbsmj a
shade lower at 21?4c
Provisions were easy early. Influenced bv
heavy hog receipts, but turned firm later on
buying by an Influential local operator whoso
deals formed a hint for shorts to come In and
cover. January pork closed 22^c higher, lard
6c higher and ribs 2^@5c higher. . .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
NEW YOIUC STOCK LIST.
Chares Cioein*
Sold. Etock— Bl<j
£3.300 Atchison 35L
27.S00 Atchison prefd $214
17.S06 Baltimore & Chlo ;." yu
Canadian Paclflc S$i 4
3.6.X) Canada Southern 67^«
4.1.400 Chet>aj>ealcc & Ohio 351J
7'.« Chica£u Great Western 1414
12,200 Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy.. .A.1S6
1W Chicago. Ind & Louisville. k 23
100 Chicago, Ind & Louisville preJd 56U
r00 Chicago & i:a«ern Illinois i*i»
r*0 Chicago & Northwestern 167^»
1C.3"O Clilciujo. K«jck If land & Paclflc 155>4
O00 C C C & f-'t LoulK 65»i
€00 Colorado Southern C$i
490 Colorado Southern 3Ft prefd 41U
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17«J
IOC Delaware & Hudson 11CU
» Delaware, Lcck & Western -....ISO'
2,100 Denver & Rio Grande 22H
1,0*0 Denver & Rio Grande prefd "t\
100 Erie • 1SH
iOO Erie lrt prefd 3914
1.400 Great Northern prefd 179'i
Hocking Coal 16
€00 Hooking ValW" 3$
r.f>0 Illinois Central 124H
200 Iowa Central 20'i
200 Iowa Central prefd 46'i
Lake Erie & Western S6Vi
Lake Er!e <& V.Vrtern prefd 106
Lake Shore 210\i
9.S0O Louisville & Nashville Sl'»
2l.7f>0 Manhattan Elevated lll>>4
S.COO Metropolitan Street Railway 172\
100 Mrxir*n Central 12
100 Minneapolis * Bt Louis 64
*? 'Minneapolis & St Louis prefd.. H9
the <lec51n«r in prlceis extended the offerings In
creased. Those stocks which the recent specu
lation for the advance has been most active
*-ere naturally the moet affected. The local
traction stocks, the grangers, the Pacifies and
Ualtiniore and Ohio were the most prominent in
the downward movement. Sugar was freely
Bold on the cut in prices of refined sugar and
coCee. which seemed to threaten a renewal of
the trade war. But the stock was very fever
ish at all times. Practically the only effective
resistance offered to the decline 1 vat in the
ecrly dealings. New York Central and Chesa
|>eake and Ohio showed continued strength at
that time. New York Central rising 1»» over
last nlcht. An effort was aiso made to boom
Amalgamated Copper on the occasion of Its
Cm being dealt in In the unlisted department
of the exchange, but the iirlce, which was 99H.
the highest. The price subsequently fell
back to 97 t ». compared with 9SH In the curb
market last night. The frequent rallies during
the day, when room shorts were taking quick
profits, ehowod the professional bear character
of the attack on the market. But the buying
demand seemed not to extend beyond the short
Interest and the market loet animation on the
rallies. The closing was wavering: aad uncer
tain, but at considerably above the lowest for
many Btocks. There was nothing In the money
market to cause apprehension, rates ruling at
3fe per cent, or lower, practically all day. The
receipts of coid from the Paclflc Coaet insure
n cood increase in cash reserves for to-mor
j-ow's bank sutemeet. although the net receipts
Xrom the Interior on the export movement show
£ considerable falling off from last week.
There were firm Epots In the bond market, but
railroad bonds as a whole were affected by
sympathy with the reactionary movement In
clocks. Total sales, par value, $2,455,000 .
United States 3s registered advanced *; and
do coupon and the Es & the old 4* \, new 4s u
and refunding 2s when Issued H per cent on
l&et call.
NEW TOPJT, Nov. 23.— The slump In Wire
and Steel cf 4V» Just at the close of trading last
evening was universally regarded as a danger
Eign. The epeculative public came down to
Wall street in a mood receptive to depression
and reaction. Tfce first suggestion came in the
form of a further break of 3 points In Steel and
Wire. Apparently no more effective point could
have been selected at which to attack the mar
ket. This was known from previous experiences
¦with tl-.is particular etock. The iron and steel
trades are supposed to have had most to hope,
&ad in fact actually to have enjoyed most of
the benefits of the revival cf business and in
dustry. The sudden weakness of Steel and
Wire did not raif>e any doubts of the reports
heretofore ac<as>ted cf the prosperous conditions
In that tra.(le and the excellent prospects for
the future, but it did arouse serious apprehen
eion of a determination on the part of some of
the tte«l macsates to enter uj»on a course of
clashing competition and to unsettle the trade,
s.s they have already proved themselves abun
cantly able to do. The wide-reaching effect of
euch an attack of hostilities in the steel trade
may be measured by the degree of apprehen
sion exhibited by holders of long stock to-day.
The eteel Mocks themreiv^s were most imme
diately affected, but h«*avy declines are shown
In almost ever}' department of the etock lift.
The sharp effect produced was due In part, of
course, to the extended speculative accounts
held &11 through the market. The purpose of
the bear maneuver was palpably to dislodge
these holdings. They succeeded very welL A*
Nau York Stock Market.
Chicago Grain Market.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
500 Cala-Standard SO
750 Caribou 60
100 Four OH Co 40
105O McKlttrick Consolidated (%
300 McKlttrfck Consolidated 70
100 Monarch of Arizona 42
100 Petroleum Center 1;
1100 Petroleum Center f 26
50 Petroleum Tenter '. 21
2(X> Petroleum Center •.•*
10O San Jcaquln Oil & Dev 9 -jfi
100 Sterling O A D Co 270
50 Twenty-Eight 2 Zu
Street—
875 Independence ~*
li» Sterling O & D Co. b 60 J 73
400 Monte Crlrto j 40
Afternoon Session.
: ¦". i i Board—
400 McKlttrick Consolidated g$
100 Occidental of W Va *>
100 Occidental • of W Va «3
1600 Petroleum Center 22
100 Twenty-Eight, b SO J 50
11C0 Tukon h
100 Yukon &
Street—
100 Twenty-Eight » 471;
2000 Tukon C4 '
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Fir em's Fund. 2274230 I
BANK STOCKS, i
Anglo-Cal Ltd. O — \7lrst National.*** tpo
P-ank o' Ol... — — '.Lon P & A...140H —
Cal S D & T. — 1054 Merchants' Jix lo Is
SAVINGS BANTCS.
Ger S & L — 1900 Sav & L So... — SI
Hum 8 & L... — — Sec Sa» Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... CO — Union T Co.... — —
8 F Sar Un...615 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....125 130 O S L & H.... 33 4JH
O»arv-«- — 47H!Presidio — O
Market-st 6S', O [
POWDER STOCKS.
£»ttf*r~** . . ..— i*a .vigortt n »H
Giant Con Co, 83?4 84 I .^
SUGAR STOCK3. '
Hana S P Co. 7'i 7H;Kllauea S Co. 20\ -
Haw C & 3 Co 344 S6<4 Makawell 9 Co 41H 43H
Honokaa S Co, 3H4 — Onomea S Co. 23 —
Hutch s 1* Co. 25V» 28 (Paauhau S Co, 31H S1H
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Asn.l24'il23 Pac A F A.... S —
Cal Fruit Asn.103 103 Pac C Bor Co. — 153
Mer Ex As-n.. <-7 iii» Par Paint Co,. 12H —
Oceanic S Co.. 9SV* —
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers* Asia 12* !3
100 Giant Powder Con ii'o
10 Honokaa S Co 31 12U
10 Hutchlnson S P Co SI 73
40 Paauhau S P Co 31 12'i
160 S F Gas and Electric Co 49 00
Street—
$5,000 Omnibus Cable (a t 12S JO
$29.0CO S V 6a 111 IS
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Alaska Packers' Assn 134 50
1(0 Hana Plantation Co ? 27-4
$1,000 Lou Angeles-Paclflc R R bonds..W3 50
310 Oceanic S S Co 3S V,
40 Paauhau S P Co 3123
290 S F Gas and Electric Co 4? 00
100 Vlgorlt Powder 3 23
Street—
23 S V Water 94 CO
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 34 44 Pac L Co — 444
fcqult O L. Co. 3 s 34 Sac E GAR Co — 4>)
Mutual E> C".. — 9\ S F G & B.. 49 431:
O G L & H.. 4W! — aan Francisco. — >
Pac Gas Imp.. 504 52 IStktn GiE Co — It
FRIDAY. Nov. 23—2:30 p, m.
TTXITED STATES BONDS,
BU. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
ts Quar coup..H5%U64 4s do cp (new)tt7»;i33 ! ;
is do reg 115T»116V».4s do coup....lC941104
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.104 — |Oak Water 5»..104 T «, —
Cai-st Cab Bft..UHt — ! Oceanic SS 5s.lI0% —
C C Water Ss.lOSUl» Om C Ry 6s.. .123 12>
Ed L A. P 6S...13U4 — Pac G Imp 4S..1C3 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — PftORy «s..l0* —
Geary-st R St. — — P&ORR 6s.li;!, —
H C A S 54s— — — Powell-st R 93 — —
Do5« 100^4— ?ac E GAR fis.100 —
LARr 5s. ...1104 — S F & SJV Ss.1134 —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s.. — 113
Do gntd «s.. — — S P of A «s....USVi —
L, A «ntd 5s.. .100 102 3 P ofC6s(19C5) ,
L A P R R 5S.1024 — (Series A).... 109*4 —
Market-st 6S...12S4 — Do(Sertes B)110*i —
Do 1st M 53.120H — Do (1306) ....112 —
N C N O H 7s. — 114 Do M9t2) 120 —
N' R of Cml «s.114«4 — S P R 1st g 5».107% —
Do 5s — H94 3 P R 6b 131 _
N V <¦ R R 6»- 101 — iS V Water 6s.ll4 —
Do 5s 10S — I Do 4s 102H —
N Cal Ry 5s... 1134 — I Do 3d mtge.,1024 —
Dak OLA H.lliS — IStktn Gas «a..lOO 102
Oak Tran 6s..ll7Vi — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 72 Spring Valley. 93% 94U
Mann County. 514 —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
Local stocks and bonds continued dull and
prices showed no noteworthy change en tha
morning res3lon.
There was nothing- new In the afternoon.
The oil stocks sold briskly, with an advance
In Petroleum Center and a decllns In McKlt-
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3@7c per lh-
String Beans,, SflSc; Llmas, 5@6c per lb- Cab
bage, 90c; Tomatoes, $1 25@1 50; Egg Plant
-—per. box; Los Angelea do. Sc per lb-
Green Peppers. SoiSoOc per box; Tlried Peppers'
9®nc:_ Carrots. Jbff 35c per 'box: : Su^lr
Squash. per box for Los Angeles; Cucum-
f^^WtSEn? P^^: f ° r 111 * and
¦•"• POTATOES— River Reds. 70@80c; Burbanks
30@7«c for River and $1®1 17H per ctl for
Unas and 90cG$l lrt for Oregon;* Sweets 5(VTiV,^
for River and 90c®$l for Merced. ™ IJC
Choice Potatoes 1 rule very firm with light
supplies, but common stock shows little Im
provement. Onions are steady at the advance
already noted. S Vegetables continue firm with
light supplies.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables,
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mur.tard, nominal; Flax, ..$2 25©2 40; Canary
24c p?r lb for California and 4c for Eastern'
Alfalfa. 74®94c; Rape. 24@3c; Hemp, 4g-4U C :
Timothy, 4«44c. . . **^" 72 •
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2®2 50; Green. $2 250
2 7b per ctl; Blackeye. $2®2 50. **
BEANS— Bayos, $2 65©2 70; Small White. $4®
4 10; Large -White. $3@3 23; Pink. $1 65@2"
Red, $2 50@3; Blackeye. $3@3 15; Lima, $5 20®
5 25; Pea, ?4®4 25; Red Kidney, $3 75©j.
Dealers reported a good demand for Beans
at firm but unchanged quotations.
Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15 50<$16 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25©26; job
bing, $26 50; Cocoamlt Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal,
$26<S27; Cracked Corn. $26 50©27 60; Mixed Feed,
jitfzie so.
HAY— Volunteer. $5@8; ¦Wheat. $11@13 60;
Wheat and Oat. $10@12 50; Oat, $3@U 60;
Clover, $5Q7; Alfalfa, $6 60©S 50; Barley, $7©
9 Der ton. »
BTRAW— 85®45c per bale.
MIDDLINGS— $16 G0®19 60 per ton.
BRAN— $14® 15 50 per ton.
Receipts ,ot Hay are light, but so Is the de
mand, and prices show no change. Feedstuffa
also stand a« before.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade : Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. »7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 &0@3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 25; In sacks. $5 75®7: Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 60®
i 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40© 3 SO;
Oregon and Washington, $2 7&@3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
(4 75@5 75 per b.bl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — S:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— December— 6000 ctls, 734e.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — The market continues very firm, es
pecially for Reds, which are wanted for seed.
Prices remain unchanged, however.
White, $1 30@l 60; Surprise, nominal; Red,
%\ 20(gl 30 for feed and $1 35@1 40 for seed; Gray,
nominal; Black, for feed, $1 124@1 20; for seed.
$1 204H 30 per ctl.
CORN — The market is dull and weak, and
all descriptions are quoted at about the same
figures. California Yellow, $1 10@l 15; Cali
fornia White, $1 15(51 174: Eastern Yellow,
|1 15; White, $1 15; Eastern mixed, $1 15 per ctl.
RYE— 9O4f924c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75@2 per ctl-
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 10,000
ctlfl. $1 044.
Second Session — May — 4000 ctls. $1 04. Decem
ber— 8000, VtVtC.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
$1 03%; 4000, $1 03%. Deeember-12,000, 97H& *
Afternoon Session— May— 6000 ctls, $1 03%. De
cember—«000, 97Hc.
BARLEY — The market continues a dragging
one at unchanged quotations.
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 724@73%c for No.
1 and 67H@"0c for oft grades: Brewing and
Shipping grades. 80@S5c: Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT— Liverpool was quiet and steady.
Paris was lower and New York declined lc.
Chicago was weak, as lower cables depressed
the market. Selling by commission houses was
heavy and London was also a heavy seller.
St. Louis likewise realized heavily. This week's
Argentine shipments were reported at 656,000
bushels, against £60,000 on the same week la&t
year. A San Francieco house cabled to Chi
cago: "Why does not wheat advance?" and
received the following answer: "Wheat does
not advance because stock is piling up all the
time. Bt. Louis. for example, has the
largest quantity In her history; the visible
supply of the world Is 8,000,000 bushels more
than at this time last year, and supplies afloat
and In store are more than liberal. This load
Is hard to lift until consumption overtakes
the supply at terminal points." This answer
tells the story of the current depression.
In this market futures were again off, but
shipping quotations remained unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 974c; Milling. $1@
1 024 per ctL
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S6
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 74
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . -10
Fine Silver, per ounce — €3?i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 504 Q 51
Exchange and Bullion.
The storm over Vancouver Island has appar
ently moved northeastward into British Co
lumbia and beyond the limits of observation.
Thf teni^rature has risen over Northern
California, Oregon and Washington. It has
fallen over Nevada anJ Utah.
Itain has fallen at N'eaJl Bay, Fort Crescent
and Salt Lakf; City.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Neab Bay, 34 Ddlea r*r hour from
the west; Portland, Zi south; Pocatello, 36
vest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending raldr.ight. November 24. 1900.
Northern California— Fair Saturday; light j
northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
Westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Saturday; wanner.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair fatuniay.
fcas Francisco ani vicinity— Fair Saturday.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
FUKECAET
The pressure hs.s risen rapiflly ever the west- j
em haif of the country. During the past I
twenty-four tours there has betn a rise of j
r.f-arly three-tenths of an inch over Nevada. ;
1'u.h'aiKl Washington.
Sar. Francisco data: Maximum temperature. I
ES; rr.ininiuni. 4S; mean. 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Eureka ; .... 14.3 j 12.44
lied matt ! .... »••» 6.23
Sacrarr.^r.io 6.34 6.&6
fan Francisco 6.70 7.58
Frw=rio 4.9S 3.38
Indei«n>Jtnce 1- —
Pan Luis Obispo 8.66 5.84
Los Ar.geies j .... 6.61 2.50
Ean iJk-go ' .12 1.70 1.2S
NEW YORK. Nov. 23.— The market for evap
orated apples ruled quiet but firm, at fully sus
tained, prices, with a fair amount of activity
noted. State 'common were quoted at from 4®
6c; prime. 4%@5Vic; choice, 54@6c, and fancy.
6®64c . ¦ -
.California dried fruits were inactive. Prunes
were quoted nominally on the basis of 34@S4c
per pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll®14c; Moorpark, 15-glSc
PEACHES— Peeled. 16@20c; unpeeled, 6®9c. >
NEW YORK. Nov. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,300; exports, 31,307. Easier and less active,
reflecting the break in wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 109,700 bushels; exports,
7998 bushels. Spot, easy: No. 2 red, 7SUc f. o.
b. afloat, 7694c elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth.
63Uc f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth, 864c
f. o. b. afloat. Options experienced a sharp
loss to-day. I The decline started with disap
pointing cables and bearish Argentine news,
but developed later Into unmistakable December
liquidation, which destroyed all of yesterday's
Improvement and left sentiment rather discour
aged over the outlook. Closed easy and %S%
net decline. March, closed £0»ic; May, 79T§c;
November, 76%c: December 77»ic
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL-Qulet.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining. 3 vie; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4%c; refined, weak; No. 6.
6.05c: No. 7, 4.95c; No. 8, 4.S5c; No. 9. 4.75c;
No. 10, 4.70c; No. 11, 4.65c; No. 12, 4.60c: No.
13, 4.60c; standard A, 6.40c; confectioners' A,
5.40c: mold A. 5.S3c; cut loaf. 6c; crushed, 6c;
powdered, 5.70c; granulated, 5.60c.
COFFEE— Spot. Rio. weak: No. 7 invoice,
7%4c: mild, quiet: Cordova, WSIZVlC. Futures
clotied steady, with prices 15^20 points lower.
Total sales. 41,000 bags, including: December,
$6 10; January. $6 15; March, $6 30@6 35; May.
$6 35(^6 40: July. $6 45@6 50.
BUTTETt — Receipts, 4622 packages. Quiet:
creamery. 19<g25c; June creamery. 18®234c; fac
tory. 12@16c
EGGS— Receipts, 4335 packages; quiet. West
ern regular packing at mark, 20@234c; Western,
Last I This j Last
?4 Hours. Season. ; Season.
STATIONS
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 23—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date •
last season, ami rainfalls la last twenty-four
hours :
Weather Report.
Imports of Groceries. j
IirporUi cf etaple groceries at this port dur- |
Ing the first ten months of the year were as i
fellows, compered with the same time last j
j-ear: Surar. I4».0-«6.500 lbs. valued at J6.C21.oS0.
axa'.r.st S23.0C1.T60 Its at $11,401,200: cc2ee. 22,
£$7,500 lbs at J2.26S.1X>, against 23.5C6.140 lbs at
t:.4€1.61&; tea, 13.417.800 lb* at $1,715,700. against
10,4:2.460 lbs at tl.ZZZM'O: rice. S2.3S9.0O0 lbs at
1*67.335. aFair.st 4«.341.3uO lbs at J&03.714.
To llie Sugar mast be aided 1S5.043.000 lbs
from the Hawaiian Islar.il since Jur.e 14.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Vov. 2S.— Money on call, steady
at 2V&94 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent. Prime
LONDON. Nov. 23.— Atchlson, 40%; Canadian
Pacific. SOU: Union Pacific preferred, 84; North
ern Pacific preferred. 85:- Grand Trunk. 64*
Anaconda. 10%. Bar silver, steady, 29Ud per
ounce. Money. *% per cent.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were moderatf-Iy active and
the tone satisfactory till the afternoon, when
a French rumor that the Oar's condition was
serious, though not credited, affected the
speculative markets adversely. Americans
were much less Interesting than they have been
recently and business was 1 educed. There
was general profit-taking by London and the
Continent.' but fair support was forthcoming.
The result was a zigzag movement In view uf
the settlement ou .Tuesday. C7iesap>akQ an 1
Ohio and St. Paul were In exceptional demand
London Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Union .Pacific 71 «4
Call loans 3i??4: Union Land S
Time loans 4g5;West End 92^4
Stocks— Westngh Eleo 61\
Atch Top & E F... SS T « Bonds —
Do prefd 824 Atehlson 4s 100«4
Aroer Sugar 133H N E O & Coke 6s.. 694
Do prefd...., 116 Mining Shares-
Dell Tele r lM4 Adventure 64
Boston & Albany.. 24) lAllouez Mng Co.... 3
Boston Elevated ..157 Amal Copper 97%
Boston 61 Maine. ..187 Atlantic 27
Chi Bur & Q 135% Boston & Mont til
Dominion Coal .... 41 >» Butte A Boston.... 92
Do prefd 113 Calumet & Heel*.. 833
Federal Steel 494 Centennial 17%
Do prefd 754 Franklin 15
Fitchburg prefd ...1384 Humboldt 25
General Elec ......166 Otceola 7S4
Do prefd 14S Parrot 60
Ed Elec 111 215 Qulncy 163 «
Mexican Cent 12% Santa Fe Copper.. 7%
Mich Tele 85 Tamarack 290
N E Gas A Coke. .'15 Utah Mining 34^
Old Colony 202 Wlnona 4
Old Dominion 30H Wolverines 454
Rubber 30*
MINING BTOCKS.
Chollar 09 Ophlr 78
Crown Point 07 Plymouth ' 10
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Quicksilver 1 25
Deadwood 58 Do prefd 7 00
Gould & Curry 1 05 Sierra Nevada. 83
Hale & Xorcross... 20 Standard 2 95
Homestake 65 00 Union Con 12
Iron Silver. 7T4 Yellow Jacket 20
Mexican 22 Brunswick 10
Ontario 6 25
14. UX> Missouri Pacific 69H I
100 Mobile & Ohio 39Vi |
200 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 11%
3,100 Missouri, Kansas &. Texas prefd.... 364
400 New Jersey Central 142
Z7.1V0 New York Central 141V4
2.100 Norfolk & Western 42S»
Norfolk & Western prefd 60
65.100 Northern Pacific 69 7 »
S.300 Northern Pacific prefd Sl$»
3.200 Ontario & Western 24^
Oregon Hallway & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
3S.SO0 Pennsylvania H2H
2.200 Reading IS 1 ,*
9.100 Reading 1st prefd 61^
1,000 Reading 2d prefd SOU
Rio Grande Western 65
ICO Rio Grande Western prefd ...' 93
7>00 St Louis & San Francisco 17'i
200 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 72
1.200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 4»H
200 St Louis. Southwestern llVt
l.f-00 St Louis Southwestern prefd 33**
45.000 St Paul 127*4
200 St Paul prefd 1T6 |
St Paul & Omaha 120
32.490 Southern Pacific 40*4
7.600 Southern Railway 14H
4,100 Southern Railway prefd 62'»
300 Texas & Pacific 1SH j
45.000 Union Pacific "1
7.500 Union Pacific prefd SHi
Wabash I ?H
2.0O0 Wabash prefd 20% I
3.6.*? Wheeling & L E 10H
1.000 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 2b*»
200 Wisconsin Central 10
400 Third Avenue 112
2.200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 64\
3.100 National Tube 61}»
2vO National Tube prefd 102H
Express companies —
400 Adams 147 j
American 160 !
Unlte-l States 48^i i
Wells-Fargo 130 j
Miscellaneous—
1.200 American Cotton Oil 31*4 i
American Cotton Oil prefd S9 1
100 Amer'.ran Malting 5
tOO American Malting prefd 23 ,
9,L""v American Smelting & Refin 50K» -
500 American Smelting & Refin prefd.. ?5 s i
American Spirits Hi t
American Spirits prefd 17
4.100 American Steel Hoop 29»4
1<X> American Steel Hoop prefd 75 'j
S0.600 American Steel & Wire 45 ;
3.S00 American Steel & Wire prefd 87*4
3.300 American Tin Plate 42H
American Tin Plate prefd 874 1
17.E00 American Tobacco 109 1 * \
American Tobacco prefd 138 j
S.100 Anaconda Mining Co 43% -
43.300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit "i l i |
5.900 Colorado Fuel & Iron M ;
S.200 Continental Tobacco S6 I
600 Continental Tobacco rrefd 93*4
44.300 Federal Steel 49>*
1,100 Federal Steel prefd 75*
1,400 General Electric 167
200 Glucose Sugar 65
Glucose Sugar prefd 1C2
200 International Paper .. 21%
&00 International Paper prefd 71
Laelede Gas "l\
1.000 National Biscuit 38»»
National Biscuit prefd 924
100 National Lead 197*
"uO 'National Lead prefd 92%
2,200 National Steel 874
100 National Steel prefd 92V4
600 New York Air Brake 155
2.200 North American 184
Pacific Coast 68
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S6
Pacific Coast 24 prefd 67
tOO Pacific Mall 44
37.600 People's Gas *SS
2,200 Pressed Steel Car 61U
Pressed Steel Car rrefd 85
300 Pullman Palace Car 195
100 Standard Rope & Twine 5
75.M0 Sugar .....133H
Eugar prefd 116
23,100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 724
15.100 United States Leather 14H
1,000 United States Leather prefd 75%
11.500 United States Rubber 30H
1200 United States Rubber prefd 874
£M Western Union 84
1.000 Republic Iron & Steel Co 16
1.000 Recublic Iron & Steel Co prefd 64
P C C & St Louis E5
"46700 Arnalg Copper 97%
1.077,600 Shares sold. J
CLOSING BONDS.
17 S 2s refunding K T Cent lsta ....1094
reg 105 tf J Cent gen 5s ..1264
do coup 106 N'o Pac 2s 71
&o 2s reg 110U do 4s 1044
do coup 11T( NT Y C & St L 4s. .107
do new 4s reg 137*i Norf & W con 4s.. 99%
do coup 137»4 Or Nav lats 109
do old 4s ree U5 7 * do 4s 104^4
do coup llV* Or S Line 6s 12*4
do Ss reg 113',4 do con 5s 11J4
do coup 113** Reading sen 4s .. &S*%
Dis of Col 3.65s 124»* ROW lsts 994
Atchlson gen 4s 101S ft L & I M con 6s. 1124
do adj 4s 106\ |!l L 4 S F Ren 6s.l27
Tan So 2ds lOS^i .St Paul cons 175
Zhee & O 44s 1014 fit P C & Pac lsts.HS^
do 5s 120 do 5s l20<£
C & N W eon 7s. ..140 Bo Pac 4s E3V4
do S F deb 5s 119 60 Railway Ss 112V*
CM Term 4s 93 p Ro'te & T 6s 714
Dolo So 4s 84 Tex it Pac lsts....U6 T /»
D & R G 4s 994 do 2ds 82
Erie gen 4s-.... 744 Union Pae 4a 106W
Ft W & D C lsts. 76-4 Wabash lsts U«4
3en Elec 6s 1424 do 2ds 10s
towa Cent lsts. ...116 West Shore 4s ....114
C& Nash unl 4s.. 99* 4 tVis Cent lsts 874
U K & T 2ds 70 Va Cent 92
«o 4s S4
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
| ings at the principal cities for the week ended
November 22, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
„, , Percentages.
Cities— Amount. Inc. l>ec.
New York $1,479,473,341 26.4 ....
Boston 154.243.S17 ¦ 4.7
Chicago 151.636.53S 3.0
Philadelphia 109,761.773 9.0
Bt. Louis 41,196.138 18.7 ....
Pittsburg 37,S77,078 18.5
Baltimore 25,279.76$ 16.0
San Francisco 20.S91.35S ¦ .... 1.3
Cincinnati 16,340,100 .... 6.5
Kansas City 18,046.020 23.8
New Orleans 16.937.975 51.7 ....
Minneapolis 13.62S.49S 2.S ....
Detroit 9.443,433 16.1
Cleveland 12.139.411 16.0
Louigvllle 8,501,019 7.5
ProMdence 7,257,200
Milwaukee 7.151,471 19.4
St. Paul 6.254.108 10.8
Buffalo B.733,700 ....
Omaha 6.495.760 2.8
Indianapolis S.246.4M 28.6 ....
Columbus, Ohio 6,734.500 2.8 '
Savannah 6.252.670 49.7 ....
Denver 4,727,601 7.5 '
Hartford 2.203,256 .... 8.7
Richmond 4,191.210 46.0 ....
Memphis 6.199.500 5J.1
Washington 2.858,563 4.S
Peoria 2.413.345 14.5
Rochester 2.390.489 12.1
New Haven 1,537,000 8.1 ....
Wooster 1.440.14J S.8
Atlanta 3.007.006 44. (
Salt Lake City 3,606,322 13.1 ....
Springfield, Mass... 1.604,215 14.0
Fort Worth 2.335.0S4 .... 1....
Portland, Me 1.269.089 4.0 ....
Portland. Or 2.45O.6S0 11.2
St. Joseph 4.005,900 24.4
Los Angeles 2.455.53S 14.3 ....
Norfolk 1.594,363 .... 5.3
Syracuse 1.225,6<0 .... 4.5
Des Moines 1,530.770 13.2
Nashville 1.402.C29 1.9
Wilmington. Del... 1.013.716 1.9 ....
Fall River 1.174.116 .... 21. C
Scranton 1,100,204 .... 15.4
Grand Rapids 1,388.552 16.4
Augusta, Ga 1.633.082 64.1
Lowell E61.05S ¦
Dayton. Ohio 1,213.320 7.6 ....
Seattle 2.W1.1S2 38.5
Tacoma 1.200.472 3.9
Spokane 1,069.440 .... 10.6
Sioux City 1.485.849 17.6
! New Bedford 628.836 6.4
Knoxvllle, Tenn 635.610 .... 7.4
Topcka &73.406 45.2
; Birmingham 1,042.014 17.7
Wichita 452,164 4.1
Btnphamton 41S.400 10. S
Lexington 488.406 17.5 ....
I Jacksonville, Fla... 2"»l.£S0 4.4
Kalamazoo 3S6.354 1.3 ....
Akron 606,900 28.8
Chattanooga 448.387 9.2
Rockford. Ill 289,535 .... 8.0
Canton. Ohio 292.000 14.0
Springfield, Ohio.... 293.709 3.9
Fargo. N. D 423,049 .... 17.5
Sioux Falls. S. D... 1J2.334 8.3
Hastings, Nebr 163.7S1 28.3
Fremont. Nebr 108.165 .... ....
i Davenport €84.232 .... ....
Toledo 2,366,820 13.4
Galveston 10,100,000 29.6
Houston 12,320,112 21.1
Colorado Springs... 1.074.806 .... ....
Helena BS9.614 7.9
Macon, Ga 927.000 80.9 ....
Springfield. Ill 615.6S8 24.3
Little Rock 791.130 63.2
Evansville 1,122,219 3.2
Totals U. S $2,246,117,534 19.8
Totals outside of
New York 766,644,593 8.9
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $16,738,552 4.9
Toronto 11.033.903 12.6 ....
Winnipeg 2,645.533 21.7
Hafcfax 1,739.2?2 14.9
Hamilton S47.E58
St. John. N. B 777.434 14.7
Vancouver 756,781 S.6
Victoria 838,986 40.1
Totals $35,409,335 Ti ~
very scarce, particularly since the recent heavy
rains, and the tendency of prices is accordingly
upward.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel I— — 011 0C |3outhfleld
Wellington .. CH 0 I Wellington.. fflli oo
Seattle 9 00© J ccs Bay —V 1 to
Dairy Produce, etc _
Butter, choice. sq.4Si855 Common Eggs.. ..30®
Do. good S5&40 lt»n<-n £gsa. per
Plckleo »ay*J dozen .......~....83®4S
Pub, per lb 25(0^— Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal 12^13 pound 15©D
Cheese, Eastern..l'3»2O Do, extracted. ~.10ta II
Cheese. Swls* 20©33
Meats, per lb—
Bacon UHOlSIRound Steak-. ..... lfrS—
Beef, chdee MJ20 Sirloin Steak 15©—
Do, good 10012 Porterhouse do 2Ow—
Corned Beef — OU'Smoked Beef -«a
Ham 13 *E li Pork, salt llttli
Lard — ©li Pork Chop* 15©U
Mutton lOtfl- Pork Sausages.. 124C20
Lamb 10©12iVeal uftli
Pork, fresh 15&— 1
Poultry and Game—
Hens, each MC^-j Doves, per «M....Kff30
Young Roosters, _ Quail, per doz 1133
each MtfGj fc.m M.»r> cnlpe, **m
Did Roosters. ea..4O©50 dozen C 00®2 SO
Fryers, each 40045 Jar n snlr>«'..»i ...
Rrot'or*. earh .W?4) Mallard. palr..T3cUtl 23
Turkeys, per lb...20®22;Canvasback ..$125®^
Ducks, eaia aUK.* 1 *"! Sprig 733S3
Oeese. eacb...$l 5001 7.> Teal i>. u»i
Pigeons, pair 40@5o Wldgoon <Aia—
Rabbits, pair 4OQ50 Small Duck 40^—
Hare, each — ©20iWlld Geese. pair..50<t#ej
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, per Ib..l5fl- Lemons, doa J0C2O
Applet! 4« S Rai.i!-i». r>«r m...
Bananas, doa 30 -SI3 Raspberries, 6r...4&3£>
Grapes, per lb SettlStrawrwrnes. v er
Oranges, atrs -'•.>»> j>j drawer ..........35363
Limes, per doz....l9&12 Wainuu, per tb-.u^*--
Vegetables—
Asparagus, per Ib.3C<a— Lettuce, per dox J5-$2)
Artichokes, doz... 50@75 Oniona. per Xi> iy j
Beets, doz 10@— Okra, green, pr R..10SU
Beans, white, lb. . && 3 Pepp«rs. green. R> 5«iu
Colored, per lb..l0®— Potatoes, per lb.. 23—
Lima, per rt> — w S Sweet Potatoes, lb fa —
Cabbage, each &Q 1 — Parsnips, per doz.iO<@ —
Cauliflowers, each S@— [Radishes, dz bchs.l5fJ2O
Celery, bunch 10®— (Page. d"z bnch»...l."*'*>
Cress, doat bn'h-...-"J5 String Beans, lb.. »©13
Cucumbers, pr dz. 15-11 — |Thym#. per 10 J..u.-.»
Egg flant. ID 6U— [Turnips, per d*z.l(*?f—
Green Peas, lb.... 6y IS Tomatoes, per lb.. tQ I
Fish-
Barracuda .12®15|
Carp S©10 Shad .......^. 8O10
Codfish 12»ll  Baas — «li
Flounders 10#U Smelts 12JJ—
Halibut 10015 Soles 10**—
Kingflsh !*&— Skates, each 8&1I
Mackerel 15fe— Tomcod — ©15
Do. Horse 12V»t#— Clams, sallon 60©—
Perch 10612 Do. hardshell, lb 84*10
Pomplno ...90£»— Crabs, each 12*4®—
Rockfish 12*- y- Do. aoftshell. dz40{?—
Salmon, fresh 2ofj— Mussels, quart sirlJ
Do. smcked — ©15 Oysters. Cal. l0o..40cf;.O
Shrimps 8&13 Do. Eastern. dz.25@-iO
SUver a fraction lower. Exchange unchanged.
Hlicat in heavy supply and weak the world over.
¦Barlcx dull, Oats firm and Corn zveak.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Beans firm, zi'ith a good demand and light receipts.
Fine Potatoes firm, but common stock dull.
Onions steady. Vegetables in very light supply.
Butter steady and unchanged*. Eggs very firm.
Poultry in light supply and firm. Game ditto.
Cranberries continue to rise: Citrus fruits unchanged.
Nothing going on in Dried Fruits.
Provision market as before quoted.
Meat quotations stand the same.
Two factors militate strongly against activity
and strength in wool and woolens. Mild
weather has been the chief adverse lniuence,
reducing sales far below a normal volume in
this vicinity, while liquidation of embarrassed
concerns threatens to throw a conslderabl«
quantity on the market at forced sales. In the
light of these disquieting features It Is not sur
prising that sales of wool at the three chief
Eastern markets declined to 6.354.331 pounds,
against 8.3E2.000 pounds in the week preceding
and 19,870,392 pounds a year ago. Hides con
tinue to rise regardless of the largest arrivals
of cattle at Chicago in many years.
Failures for the week were 238 In the United
States, against 191 last year, and 29 In Canada,
against 22 last year.
With reasonable promptness business Is re
covering both activity and tone and fortunate
ly without the sharp rise, in general prices
which w«3 seen In the Spring nnd which was
followed -by a Midden and serious translJon to
a more nntuial range. Manufactured goods nre
rising In response to a better demand from dis
tributing jjcuro^b helped at the end of the week
by the more seasonable weather. Business I*
not yet what :t was on the top of the wave
cf Industrial prosperity, but this working forts*
is faBt increasing-. The ordinary nwaiurfi of
business reflect operations at all points, but the
textile markets ore at the point of lrast re
sponse to the Improved undertone of trade.
Recital of conditions In the Iron and steel
market has become a monotonous repetition.
Each week there is the same record of activity
so generally distributed that everything from
the raw material to the ilnlshed product en-
Joys a share. There Is also the same freedom
from speculative accumulation In anticipation
ot fancy prices that has been for weeks the
roost encouraging feature. Railroad companies
compete for rolling stock. Export orders in
eorre lines are filled with difficulty, owing to
the, unusual domestic demand for all forms of
iron and steel product*, but In no quarter is
thele any unreasonable inflation of prices such
as was seen during the meteoric ascent last
year. In a few descriptions prices on export
orders are shadod to hold the business.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23. -To-day's statement
of the treasury balance in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $133,731,339; gold, $92,701,209.
* *
Condition of the Treasury.
mercantile paper. 4@4?i per cent. Sterling ex
change, strong, with actual business In bank
ers bills at J4 S5©4 S5K for demand and $4 S1U
«4 Sl*» for sixty days. Posted rates. $4 82 and
f4 86 Commercial bills, {I 89Vt64 S0»i. Sllvet
certificates, 64{J6oc. Bar silver. 63*ic.' Mexican
dollars. 50c. Bonds— Government, strong; State,
steady; railroad, irregular.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
in Argentine,-, but mainly by the supplv. suit
able for export being really limited at the se»
bcard.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3.827.296 bushels, against 4,062,
200 last week. 3.678,677 In the corresponding
week of 1S99, 5.824,766 In 189S, 5.465,153 in 1897 and
3.753.6J6 in 1896. «
From July l to date this season wheat ex
ports are 73,301.367 bushels. Against S3,»6S,542
last season and 89.124.083 in 189S-99.
Business failures for the week number 213 In
the' United States, against 227 last week. 202 in
this week a year ago, 1S2 in 1S98, 233 in 1S37 and
206 in 1896.
Canadian failures for'the "week number 31. as
against 25 last week, 38 In this week a year ago,
27 in 1S9S, 34 In 1S97 and 36 in 1S06.
CORN — Spot. American mixea new. 4s 2d. Fu
tures — Dull; November, 4s liid; I>eceniber, 4s
4%d; January, 23 lOftd.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 23.— WHEAT— Spot, firm;
No. 1 California, 6s 2V£d>No. 1 Northern spring,
6s 3%d; No. 2 red Western winter, 6s. Futures
—Dull; December, 6s lid; March, 6s W.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 23.— WHEAT— Steady;
No. 1 Standard California, 6s 2Hd@6s 3d; wheat
in Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 5%d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Nov. 23.— Consols. 93 9-16. Silver.
29%d. French rentes, lOOf 62V4c Cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Stand
ard California, 80s 3d; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s 3d; English country markets, dull.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 23.— WHEAT— There wan a
better demand for club, and prices ruled half
a cent htgher at 54c, while blue stem was un
changed at 66Hc.
PORTLAND. Nov. 21— WHEAT— Prices In
the local market aro apparently not much af
fected by the declines In Europe and the East,
an easier freight market keeping Walla Walla
steady at 54c and blue stem at 57c.
Cleared— British ship Hnlcwood for Queens
town with 120,480 bushels wheat.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLAND. O., Nov. X3.—Clcaxlngs, |«2«!3«;
balances. (&7.26S.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— Tin was a shad* off
from yesterday's closing figure, owing tf» the
somewhat unfavorable advices Irom abroa 1
and In the absence of buyers and clo«cl easy
at $28 65@28 85. The rest of tlw list continues
quiet and nominally unchanged. }'\r. Iron
warrants were quiet at J9 C0©M 10; ifiUt Cfp
per, I1C 75@17 and quiet: lead and spelter, iiuk't.
$4 37H and M 30©4 35. respectively. The brokers
price for lead was $4 and for copper 117.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, 23.— The cotton market opened
steady, with prices showing an advance of 3<JTS
points. The opening figures' proved ;about the
lowest of the session. The bulls were rein
forced by small receipts at the ports and by
an estimate of Neill of 9,500.'>00 to 9,750,000 bales.
The Liverpool market advanced upon receipt
of this estimate. The local market showed a
special degree of strength In the afternoon
when the week-end figures made their appear
ance. The close was steady with prices 5«fll
points higher.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
steers, $5 25@5 75; poor to medium. $4 20®5 15;
selected feeders, . $3 75©4 40; mixed stockers,
$2 25@3 75: cows, $2 70&4 23; heifers. $2 75@4 €0
canners, J2@2 65: bulls, $2 6004 35: calves, $3 »0
®5 50; Texas fed Bteers, $4@4 86; grassers, $3 25
©4 15; bulls, $2 50© 3 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 35.000; to-morrow. 25,
000; left over, 4000. Generally steady, active,
closing strong; top, $4 95; mixed and butchers',
$4 60@4 95; good to choice, heavy, $4 70@4 92'i;
rough, heavy. $1 55(8-4 65; light, *4 6O@4 92V,:
bulk of sales, $4 S0©4 87V<>.
SHEEP— Receipts, 9000. Sheep and lambs,
choice, steady; others slow. Good to choice
wethers, |4®4 30; fair to choice, mixed, $3 75®
4; Western sheep. $4<@4 25: Texas sheep, $2 50<i()
3 60; native lambs. $4 40®5 30; Western lambs.
$4 75@5 25.
¦ FOR FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 23.
Flour, qr sks 14.5SO Leather. rolN „
Wheat, ctls 8.CS0 Quicksilver flsks* Ik
Iiarley. rtls 8.335 Sugar. e^\ *M
Pelts. bdU 348 Hops bales 2 ' 9 *?
Hides, bdls SS6 Bran. sks.T" .4
Theese. ctls 85 Oniona. sks tf?
Butter, ctls 152 Oats, ctls " «™
Raisins, bxs 2,U0;neans. ska £~
Tallow, bxs 6W)Potatoes sks .**" 1 r-n
Lime, bbls 91 Straw, tons ' ,?
Eggs, doz S.EIO Hay. tons.. . ""*- 4ij>
Powder^ cars..... 1 Middlings, sksi." 650
Wool, bales 63 Corn, ctls.. i«
Wine, gals 65.350 163
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska 1.876) : * 1 * ¦
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags-
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered. 6.75c; Candy fir. n
ulated, 5.75c; Dry Granulated. 5.«5c- CoW^"
tlonere' A. 5.65c; Magnolia A. 6.2*-' Extrl o
6.15c; Golden C. 5.05c; barrels. 10c more- hkl?"
barrels, 2»c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-ih h**-V
10c more. No orders taken for less than * ;
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos half ha ?
ielb, 6.40c; boxes. 6.65c per ID. Mr "
BAOP-San Quentln Bags. « 63- Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6Hc: Wool Bags.
2SH@32Hc: Fleece Twine, 7Hc; Fruit Bags. 64®
6%c for white and 8U6S*ic for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington. ¦ $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. J7; Coos
Bay. J5 60; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and 313 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. tn- can
nel, S12 per ton; Coke, J15 per ton In bulk ami
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descrtDtlons
*8 43 per 2000 lbs and JS 50 per ton. according to
brand.
Gmeral Merchandise.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
BEEF— 6g7c lor Steers and 5S5*ic per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7%@Sc: small. 8%®9c per lb
MUTTON-Wethers. 7%©Sc; Ew«. 7©7%C per
pound.
LAMB-«S9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%e for small and SHc for
medium and 5\i©5%c: for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. 5@SVic; dressed Hogs. 7^GSHc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culte and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10c; medium. 9c"; light. 8H©*c: Cow
hides. 8H@9c; Stags. 6«c; Salted Kip. 9Hc:
Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf, 10c: Dry Hides.
16c; culls. 14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf.. 16®l"c;
culls and .brands, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
20f?30c each; short Wool. 30® 50c each; medium.
6O@S5c; long Wool. 75c©U each; Horse Hides,
salt. (2 50 for large and $2 for medium, f 1 50
for small and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry.
11 75 for large, II 50 for medium. $1 25 for small
and 25©50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c: winter or
thin skins, 17%@20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 75c: large and smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@44c per lb; No.
2. 3%c: grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. ID'S 16c: Northern, defective. 12
©14c: Middle County. free. ]4®16c: Middle
County, defective. 12S14c: Southern Mountain.
12 months'. SfjiOc: Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9011c: Humboldt and Mendoclno.
16® 17c; Nevada. 13Q16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6V,©Sc: do lambs'. 3
©9c; Middle County. yjilOc; Northern Mountain,
free, 10011c; Southern Mountain. 7%(38%c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 12@13c per lb.
HOPS— ll%@15c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10%311o per Id for
heavy. HH®12c for light medium, 12Hc for
llgfct, 13%c for extra light and 14%81Sc for
sug»r-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. ll%c:
Mess Beef. J12 50 per barrel: extra Mess. 113;
Family. J13 60: extra Prime Pork. 116: extra
clear. »19 50; Mess. IIS; Smoked Beef. 13c per
lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6\c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9*4c;
10-lb tins. 9*lc: 5-lb tins, 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8%c; three
half-barrels, S%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There is nothing new to report in this mar
ket, the demand being at a low ebb.
FRUITS — Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 sizes, Jc;
40-5CS. 7c; 50-60s. 5%c; 6O-70s. 3>Hc; 70-SOs. 3%c;
80-90s, 2\c: 90-lOOs. 2%c: 100s and over. 2c; ru
bles. %c premium; Sonomas, Uc and San Joa
qulns. He less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6<9
8c for Royals and l(VSllHe for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5fi6c; sun-dried. 3%34%c;
Peaches. 4%<?3c for standard. 5#6c for choice
and 7@7%c for fancy; Pears, 237c: Plums,
pitted. 5(36%c; unpltted. lfJIHc: Nectarines, 6©
5%c for red and 5%tl<>c for white.
RAISINS'— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard. %\c; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy. lC%c per lb; choice. 9%c; standard, 8\c;
prime, Sc; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
EO-lb boxes. 6%c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, fie;
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers. 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. SI 60: Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial, J3. AIJ
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@7e per lb: Walnuts. No.
1 softshell. lie: No. t. Sc; No. 1 hardshell. 10c:
Xo. 2. 7%c: Almonds. 12013c for papersheli.
Sgllc for softshell; Peanuts. 5®6c for East
ern; Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans. 11
©13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50«?5.
HONEY— Comb. 13%@14%c for bright and 12%
etl3c for lieht amber; water white, extracted.
TSifTSc: light ember, extracted, 7©7Hc; dark,
6#«Hc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24ff26c per lb.
Provisions.
Cranberries have again advanced slightly.
A few Raspberries came in and sold at the
quotations.
Fine Apples and Pears continue firm, bat the
lower grades are dragging more or less.
Ornngen, lemons and Limes are in sufficient
supply and unchanged. Bananas and Pineap
ples continue scarce. .
Iiut few Grapes are seen now.
DKCtm?oiin fTtuiTs-
APPLES— 3&3«0c per box for common and
65c(O$l for good to choice; Spltzenberg"s 75c©
$1 2b; Oregon Spltitenbergs. $1 2S&1 50.
PKAKR— ttVUm 2S p*r box.
PERSIMMONS— 75c®$l per box.
CRANHEIiniES— Jerreys. 110#10 SO: Cape
Cod. $U50@12 per barrel; Coo« Bay, 12 60®2 75
per box.
STRAWBERRIES— Nominal.
RASPRERRIES— 17©8 per chest.
GRAPES-U per small box and $1 2301 60 per
crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50^2 75;
Seedlings. $161 75: Tangerines. $1 2S@1 50:
Lemons, 25c'r<$l 25 for common and 11 5092 75
for good to choice: Grape Fruit. J2©3; Mexi
can Limes. $4f?4 EO; California Limes, 25«35c:
Bananas. Jl 7.5@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. 12®
3<50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter Is quoted firm at the recent advance,
with moderate supplies. There are small orders
for Lios Angeles account, but they do not
amount to much. Cheese stands as before.
Eggs are very firm, and a fractional advance
Is noted. Supplies of all kinds are light and
the demand la good.
1IUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery. 23©24c; seconds.
UHO.
Dairy— Fancy, 21c; rood to choice, ISffCOc;
common, 17%©18%c.
Creamery tub— •U)U22\ic per lb.
Pickled roll— 19®21c
Klrkln— 18©19c.
Ktoruga goods— 21®22c
CMKESE-New, 114©12c; Old, 10011c; Young
America. 12«12%c; Eaitern, 13%®14c; Western.
lltMir jier lb.
KGOS— Store, 27%G32%o; ranch, S3>S34c for fair
and S.Vi/nso per dozen for good to choice; Eost
crn, 22<4Q30c. (
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
provement. A car of Eastern came In. mak
ing five for the week.
Game also rules firm, with a good demand.
POULTRY— Llvo Turkeys/ 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13®llc for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
15<S18c: Geese, per pair. $1 75@2; Goslings. Jl 75
&2; Ducks. tZQi for old and $405 for young;
Hens. $3 D0«5; Young Roosters. J4 50® 5 50; Old
Roosters. ii&4 :0; Fryers, J3 50<84; Broilers.
S3 E0®4 for larce and $3 25®3 50 for small :
Pigeons. Jl per dozen for old and SI oOffl 15
for Squab.'.
GAME— Quail. 11 25{rl 75 for Valley and J2 25
for Mountain; Mallard. 1305; Canvasback. $4®
7W; Sprig. SZQi 50: Teal. 12 50© 2 73; Widgeon.
$1 75©2; Small Duck. $1 50^1 75: Gray Geese. $3:
White Geese, Jl@l 50: Brant. Jl CO for small and
$2 for large; English Snip*. $1 50: Jack Hnlpe.
$1; Hare, $1 50; itabbltB. $1 50 for cottontail and
|1@1 25 for brush; Doves, 60® 65c per dozen.
necelpts of Poultry are light and sell quickly
at firm quotations and prices enow little Im-
Poultry and Game.
bors, 73c for Alameda; Garlic. 4©5o per lb;
Marrowfat Squash. 110@12 per ton.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO QALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1900.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Weekly Bank Clearings.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
fe £» fe
GRAND AUCTION SALE
—OF—
THOROUGHBRED
YEARLINGS
From the SONOMA STOCK FARM, JAMES
B. CHASE, Prop.
And from the XAPA STOCK FARM. A. B.
SPRECKELS, Prop.
TUESDAY EVENING, NOV. 27,
Commencing at 7:43.
OCCIDENTAL H02SE EXCHANGE,
721-723 HOWARD STREET.
W1I. O. LAYXG. Proprietor.
These yearlings are exceedingly well-bred,
and are related to many renowned racehorses
They are now at the salesyard. Catalogues
ready.S-AX FRANCISCO Is noted for its
generosity^ and this afternoon anl
evening charitably disposed pec
ple will have a noble chance to
respond tn an appeal sent out by
th*» ladies who compose the board of <3t
rectors of the Sin Francisco Nursery for
Homeless Children.
A nursery lev-o will be held In the spa
clous and handsome Maple Room of tha
Palace Hotel, commencing: this afternoon
at 2 o'clock. It will be open till 5 o'clock .
nnrt then as-pln this ewr.irsr from S o'clock
to TnMntsIit. Funds must be rai*e<l to
help these littl* ores, who are solely de
pendent on charity, and so far appeal*
for their h«lp have been responded to in
a most jrenerous way.
The nursery lev*>e will be a very novel
entertainment. There will be vocal and In
strumental music by society buds, mono
logue sketches by pretty misses and even
down to cnkf»-walk specialties, by a Uttla
boy, not over six years old. The admis
sion In the afternoon win bet free, and in
the evening fifty cer.ts will be th* or.!v
cost to er.iin admission to one of the sweli
est charitable entertainments ever given
In this city.
Mrs. \V. S. I>»ake. who has chars© of
one of the doll booths, received late last
right another donation of a very hand
porne doll, which was kindly given In aid
of the good cause by Mrs. Phil Kohn. The
child who secures this wax creation oi
beauf y will be a very lucky miss. Tho
doll is dressed in a smart, very handsome
taffeta silk gown, with a black panne vel
vet hat, red parasol and looks like an up
to-date matinee «»irl. even down to its
kid Rloves. This doll will ro doubt create
a big sensation when placed on exhibi
tion. In this doll b.T-.th there will also
be a little child from the nursery, dressed
In costume, who will sit in a rreat bl<
leather shoe like the "old woman In thi
shoe" did In the storv book*.
Miss C. D. Truslow will have charge of
the "Prlsdlla" booth. She will be assisted
by Miss Violet Rulofs^n. Miss Frances
Thompson and Miss ICmma Medeau.
The great operatic nars. Mmes. Melha,
Xordlca and Gadskl. have been sent lnn
tations to attend the nursery levee. They
are known for their charitable acts, and
as they always have their purse strings
open for charitable purposes It Is very
probable that they will attend during
some time of the day or night. Mrs. Pew.
who is president of the board of directors
of the nursery. Is enthusiastic over tho
probable results of the big levee, and tho
least any person can do la to attend either
this afternoon or this e"ven!nsr and show
that they heartily Indorse the good work
that Is being done for the homeless little
ones In our city.
Nursery Levee at Maple Room Will Be a Bower or Beauty
and No Expense Spared to Make It a Success.
AID THE HOMELESS WAIFS
TO-DAY WITH YOUR PRESENCE
The San Francisco Labor Council held
a mectine last night and adopted resolu
tions deplorinj? the dismissal of Professor
Ross from the faculty of Stanford Uni
versity and condemning the action as, un
worthy of a hUh public spirit
. A copy of the resolutions was ordered
Bent to Professor Ross.
Deplores Dr. Ross' Dismissal.
Resolved. By the iroquois Club of San Fran
cisco that we condemn tha coercive and tyran
nical policy of the controlling power at Stan
ford University displayed against the exerctsa
of the right of f r«« speech on th» pan or Its
professors on great public nuestions.
?*Jfi*«rA. D. LKMON.
P. SI. WEit,IJJ.
J. H. niGXAN.
8AMUEL. MpKEE.
Cotnmltte*.
At the next meeting of the club nom
inations for officers for the coning term
will be made.
Whereas. \V« hare !earn«4l with deep rerret
that Professor Hoss of the Stanford University
has been removed from his position a* one cf
the professor* In said university for no othor
nn» than the free »xpr«*»lon of his opinion
upon great public questions vital to tb« ex
istence and perpetuity of free government la
our country: therefore, be It
Iroquois Condemns Stanford.
" The Iroquols Club held its regular week
ly meeting last night. The following
resolution was adopted:
Four mor«*- Jurors were accepted in
Judpe. Cook's court yesterday for the
second trial of Albert Hoff on the charre
of murdering Mrs. Mary A. Clute This
makes seven Jurors. Those selected yes.
terday are H. H. Tracey, I* Thors, -Ed
Cohn and James A. Eveleth.
Forty-one talesmen were examined. F.
H- Allen and F. T. Roberts were peremp
torily challenged by the defendant and. I.
Schwartz for the prosecution. This makes
five challenges for the defendant and four
for the prosecution, out of 117 talesmen
examined. Another venire of 100 was is
sued, made returnable Monday morning.
JTJEORS .T.BE EXAJIINED
IN HOFF MUEDER TBIAL
ternational Hotel, with the gas In the
room turned on. The gas fixtures were
In good order and at first the hotel people
were of the opinion that Barlow had com
mitted suicide, but when the Coroner's
deputies examined the dead man's effects
they found abundant evidence to show
that Barlow was, the victim of an acci
dent. A receipt for his railroad ticket to
Kansas City was found In his pocket; also
his silver watch and a gold watch that he
had purchased for a lady friend In that
city. -He had left $30 with the night clerk
on the previous evening for safe keeping.
Barlow was honorably discharged from
the Presidio a few days ago. and Intended
to leave for his home In Kansas City, yes
terday morning.- He had been celebrating
In the usual manner of soldiers his restor
ation to civilian life, and the Inference Is
that he carelessly turned on the gas after
having : turned -it off. ', ' : .
George A. Danehy, a native of Califor
nia, 20 years old, was found dead in his
bed yesterday at 542 Point Lobos avenue.
He was a valet to Jockey Buchanan; and
death was due to natural causes.
Albert Barlow Is Asphyxiated and
George ' Danehy Dies From
Natural Causes.
Albert Barlow, an ex-soldler, was found
dead in bed yesterday morning in the In-
TWO MEN ARE FOUND
DEAD IN THEIB BEDS
Sullivan's Funeral.
LONDON, Nov. 23.— By the Queen's
command the funeral services over the
remains of Sir Arthur Sullivan will be
MEMPHIS. Tenn., Nov. 23.— Before the
Phoenix Athletic Club to-night Kid Mc-
Fadden of San Francisco knocked out
Freckles O'Brien of New Orleans in five
rounds.
Kid McFadden Wins.
The'floral offerings were almost without
number, coming from all parts of the
country. The services commenced at 1:43
o'clock, the officiating clergyman beinpr
Rev. B. S. Lasslter. rector of St. I.uke'a
Church, assisted by Rev. Howard F. Hill
of Concord. The choir sang "Ab!d<» With
Me" and "Lead. Kindly Light." and the
solos. "One Sweetly Solemn Thought"
and "Only Waiting." were rendered.
A large number of t>eople followed tb»?
casket to the mausoleum In the cemetery
at the conclusion of the church services.
1SG0-U00
CHARLE? HALE HOTT.
CHARLESTON. N. II.. Nov. 23.-Th*
funeral of Charles H. Hoyt. the play
wright, was held In St. Luke's Episcopal
Church this afternoon. From 9 o'clock in
the morning under the hour of service the
body lay In state In the church and a con
tinuous line ofr- people passed In to view
the remains. The body lay In a cedar cas
ket drap»d with royal purple broadcloth
and heavily mounted with silver with
tufted silk linin*. In plain black letter*
on a broad silver plate was the Inscrip
tion:
Thousands View the Remains and
Floral Offerings Are Received
From Many Admirers.
PLAYWRIGHT HOYT'S
BODY LAID AWAY
At the conclusion of the arguments
Judge Thayer announced that he would
taVe the rase under advisement and then
adiourned court. Carter was somewhat
disappointed, but afte»- a short conference
with his attorney he returned to the Fed
eral prison to await the decision.
•'It Is time that this practice should
cease and all be given a civil trial," said
Blair. "If my client fs released he will
at once proceed to Savannah. Georgia; and
give himself to the civil authorities, con
fident that he will be vindicated."
Judge Thayer limited Carter's attor
neys to three hours, and the Government
to two and one-half, for argument. At
torney Hlalr openod for Carter, whose
conviction, he contended, was illegal. In
asmuch as it should have been secured
under the sixtieth article of war. Instead
of the sixty-second, and claimed that
when the President disapproved several
findings in'a court-martial the full sen
tence pronounced by the court-martial
ceased to exist, and its execution was Il
legal and void. He also argued that when
Carter paid a flie and was dismissed from
the army and degraded, the power of the
court-martial was exhausted and bore no
right to cause Imprisonment.
Carter showed slight nervousness as the
hearing proceeded. His eyes went quickly
from his attorney to «he Judges, and oc
casionally he took notes en the argument.
When court convened at 2 o'clock Colontl
Clous began the argument in behalf of tin;
Government.
In reply to Mr. Blair. Colonel Clous con
tended that he court-martial was compe
tent to decide under which charge the
prisoner should be tried and that Its de
cision was not subject to review by an
ther court. He further argued that the
conviction on four charges for the sam^j
act was not four convictions for one of
fensp. In his opinion Carter Is now he!d
a public prisoner of the United States ai
an offender against it<* laws, the court
martial retaining Jurisdiction for all pur
poses of trial. Judgment - ~nd execution.
The matter of the sentence st: nding un
changed In spite of the disapproval of
several of the specifications on which Car
ter was found guilty. Colonel Clous heid,
was In accordance wlih custom. Blair
made tne concluding plea for Carter. He
attacked the policy of the Government in
the practice of trylnjr members of the
army by court-martial. Blair said that "In
this case not the liberty of one man alone
is at stake, but the lives and liberty of
hundreds of others."
Frank P. Blair of Chicago and Con
gressman Grosvenor of Ohio appeared for
carter, while Colonel J. W. Clous, Dep
uty Judge Advocate of the array, and
District Attorney I. E. Lambert and his
assistant. H. E. Bone, represented the
Government. D. S. Carter of Illinois, an
uncle of the prisoner, was in the au
dience.
Carter was brought from the prison to
the courtroom in an ambulance, unat
tended save by Warden McCIaughey. He
appeared pelf possessed as he took his
seat, and avoided the gaze of tho spec
tators who crowded the room. The ex
captain was attired In a new black suit,
which the warden had, at the prisoner's
earnest solicitation, permitted him to
substitute for his prison garb. His hair
and mustache were much grayer than
when he began to serve his term. His
face was wan.
LKAVEXWORTTI. Kans., Xov. 23.— The
habeas corpus proceedings brought by
the attorneys of Oberlln M. Carter, late
captain of engineers. U. S. A., to show
cause why Warden . .cClaughey of the
Federal Prison should not release the
prisoner, were opened in the United
States District Court here to-day. Judge
Amos Thayer cf St. Ix)Uis sat with Judge
Hook of this city in the case.
The Disgraced Ex-Caplain
Again Appears in
Court.
CARTER'S FIGHT
FOR FREEDOM
NO SOCIAL DISTINCTIONS
AT STATE UNIVERSITY
there are. no weak ones In Its bond, but
because no one is overlooked and de
spised because he Is feeble, and because
all are united by the common hearthstone
ard in the mother's love. The university
Is democratic, because there Is with
in it no diversity of talents and of worth,
but because all are Judged by higher
standards than those of blood or birth or
influence, because every man has a man's
chance and ell are united in Ideal loyalty
to real truth.
"I may be speaking to no present need,
but if there be any of you who have been
led astray Into the service of the false
gods of social distinctions. I abjure you
!n the name of the academic faith that
you forsake your sins and return to the
altars of Athena. I^et the university be
what it is set to be, the home of the In
tellectual democracy. Do not bring In
here and do not suffer any one to brine
In here any ghostly similitudes of thos<?
distinctions which divide people In the
outer world according to prejudice of
family, riches, race and occupation.
"If you are looking for a friend who
will be of some service to you in future
life do not select that friend because of
the cut of his clothes or the amount ol
his wealth or the pride of his family
name. Select rather the worker, the
'grind,' the 'dig.' Seiect those who will
be the future first families. If they are
not from the first families now. The man
who Is able to make his body work when
It doesn't want to has indeed a erreat
blessing. He is the man to seek for
friendship, for he is the coming man. Do
not believe that belonging to any fra
ternity or society or other college organi
zation make* one man better than an
other. A man who does not belong to a
fraternity Is no better than one who does,
neither Is one who belongs any better
than one who does not. Do not tolerate
In yourself, do not recognize In others an
arbitrary self-rating according to unreal
tests such as family connections, mem
bership In particular bodies and worldly
possessions. This Is a dace where
"handsome 1« as handsome does' "
President Wheeler's address was listen
ed to with great attention by the mem
bers of the student body and faculty and
when he closed the big gymnasium was
shaken with applause.
President Wheeler Says a Student Is No
More a Man Because of Wealth.
PRESIDENT WHEELER'S STRONG WORDS.
A university is a place that rightfully knows no aristocracy
as between studies, no aristocracy as between scientific truths, and
no aristocracy as between persons. . . The university is dem
ocratic, not because there is within it no diversity of telents and
of wcrth, but because all are judged by higher standards than those
of blood or birth or influence, because every man has a man's chance,
and all are united in ideal loyalty to real truth. I may be speaking
to no present ne^d, but if there be any of you who have been led
astray with the false gods of social distinctions, I abjure you in the
rane of the academic faith thatycu forsake your sins and return to
the altars of Athena. ... If you are looking for a friend who
will be of some service to you in future life do not neglect that
friend because of the cut of his clothes or the amount of his wealth
or pride of his family name. Select rather the worker, the "grind,"
the "dig." Select those who will bo the future first families if they
are not from the first families now.
Tf—^ EUKELET. Nov. 23.— The t. T ni-
= sJ vcrslty of California is a demo
}\ cratic institution, where gocial
iL— 4/ distinctions cannot exist. So
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler
tcid the students at the university meet
ing this morning In the gymnasium. He
told them also that the latest cut in
clothing did not signify thai a real man
wore It-
He advised the students who were
looking for friends who would be of
xise to them to go to the college work
ers — the college * 4 grinds"; to go to
those who will be the future men and
not to those now prominent through
name, cr money, or position, only.
Alden Anderson, a Regent of the Uni
versity and Speaker of the Assembly, al«o
addressed the students. He cpoke In an
interesting manner on "Arbitration,"
Tiiih particular reference to the settle
ment of Etrtkee through that means. Mr.
Anderson was Introduced by President
Wheeler and said In part:
'Like all the fruits of progress, arbi
tration has been elow of growth. Edu
cation, among the masses is what is need
ed now to bring them to a. full realization
of its posEiblitica.
"There Is a tendency toward co-opera
tion in all walks of life to-day. There is
irore capital put together and more la
boring men banded together than ever
t»efcre known in the history of the world.
The questions in dispute which arise be
tween these great forces of capital and
labor thould be settled by arbitration.
The people should be educated to the
point where they would demand arbitra
tion In strikes the general public is the
jrreatest sufferer and public opinion
f-hould force arbitration on the disputants.
"At this time public opinion would not
Indorse compulsory arbitration law*, but
that Is a matter solely of education."
After Regent Anderson's address Presi
dent Wheeler spoke to the students, say
irg in part:
"A university is a place that right
fully knows no aristocracy as between
studies, no aristocracy as between
scientific truths and no aristocracy as
between persons. All that can make
one man's study better than another's
will be the devotion and clear-head
edness with which he pursues it. All
that can make one doctrine nobler
than another will be its deeper i-eacb
toward a solid foundation in those
eternal verities on which the world
stands. The lighthouse is the sym
bol, not the windgauge. All that can
make one student better than another
is cleanness of soul, cleanness of pur
pose, cleanness of thought and clean
ness of life.
"The home is democratic, not because
••The withholding of the land laws Li
the real difficulty In the way of getting a
Territorial government for Alaska. If
Congress would treat Alaska as it has
other parts of the Western frontier In re
gard to land titles there will be within
a few years a population there ready to
assume the burden of an expensive gov
ernment, where now an entire population,
who are simply squatters, with a few
exceptions, are not able to do so."
After referring to the outbreak of the
grip, accompanied with pneumonia and
measles, that occurred am»n? the native;
Eskimo this year, the Governor say*
they were threatened with utter exter
mination last summer. He adds:
Within this area the population Is con
siderable and oroperty Interest* Trill
amount to millions of dollars. Another
court Is recommended to be established
either at Valdes or Kodlak. The native
Inhabitants of Alaska are chafing under
their present status and aspire to citizen
ship. The Governor says there should bo
equal rights and opportunities for all In
the Territory.
Despite recent legislation of CongTess
creating additional courts and a new code
of laws, the whole southern coast, from
Unalaska to Yakutat, i3 without protec
tion.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.-Th« annual
report of Governor John B. Brady of.
Alaska to the Secretary of the Interior
urges Congressional legislation on the ex
tension of the general land laws to Alas
ka, giving the natives the same legal
status as the whites, and the representa
tion of Alaska by a Delegate tn Congress.
The report says that at Cape Nome
"everything and everybody is pellmell;
that there are several claimants for each
town lot, beach and creek claim, and that
fully 25.0CO people are awaiting for the
action of the court there."
Annual Report of Governor
John B. Brady Made
Public.
SAYS ALASKA
NEEDS NEW LAWS
In my last annual message to the Legisla
ture I recommended the adoption of a system
which would secure a reasonable publicity of
such facts concerning corporations as the pub
lic has a rlgnt to know and reasonable re
strictions of their powers. Events have shown,
especially In view of what has occurred in con
nection with the Ice' trust, that stronger action
than what I recommended should be taken.
Not only should such provisions concerning
corporations as above mentioned be enacted
Into law, but there should be lodged soThe
where the power to prescribe the conditions
under which foreign and 'domestic corporations
can do business In this State and to deprive
them of their charters if they at any time
violate these conditions.
There has not been an hour's unnecessary
delay on the part of the State authorities.
Fifty-sjx days elapsed from June 2, when the
World first made its charges, until July 27.
when its amended complaint put those charges
In final form, and forty-two days elapsed
from Awrust 17. when those charges were
served upon the Mayor, uirtl September 27.
when the Mayor filed his answer. Th* delay
since then has been solely due to the fact that
the World at that time discharged the coun
sel which it formerly employed, and refused
to ro on with the case, leaving it completely
tn the air for the time being.
Although the matter of trusts Is not directly
Involved In this decision. I wish to point out
that the existing law of the State, even pro
vided that under it the Attorney funeral's
action against the Ice. corporation should be
successful. Is not adequate. .
In giving his decision the Governor said:
I concur In the Attorney General's oplnfon.
My Judgment Is that the so-called Ice trust la
.not a corporation In which the Mayor of N>w
York should have stock. But no proof has
been offered of any willful violation of law on
the part of the Mayor such as would Justify
the drastic measure of removing him from of
fice. The power of removal from office of
elective officers should be treated much as we
treat the power of Impeachment. It Is an ex
traordinary and not an ordinary remedy.
The normal remedy for bad government must
be an appeal to the people, and only In wholly
exceptional cases Is it d««strable to substitute
for this appeal to the people an appeal to the
power of removal or the power. of impeach
ment. The case Is. therefore, dismissed.
There Is, therefore, as stated by the Attorney
General in his letter of November 23 little to
add to what was contained In his letter of Oc
tober 4.
The brief presented by Mr. Hayes of counsel
to the World, undated, but received In this
office November 20, contains no additional tes
timony or Indication where additional testi
mony can be obtained. The situation Is there
fore unchanged from what It was on October
4. 1900, when the Attorney General wrote his
ALBANY, N. T., Nov. 23.— Governor
Roosevelt to-night gave out his decision
for the application for removal from of
fice of Mayor Robert Van Wyck of. New-
York City. He declines to remove the
Mayor on the ground that while he was
undoubtedly a stockholder in the Ameri
can Ice Company, there has been no proof
that he willfully violated the law forbid
ding a public officer to be a stockholder In
a corporation having dealings with his
municipality.
The Governor's memorandum says:
Governor Roosevelt Refuses
to Remove the
Mayor.
VAN WYCK MAY
HOLD HIS OFFICE
The bazaar of the Trinity English
Evangelical Lutheran Church. Rev. E. M.'
Stensrud, pastor, which opened Thursday
evening, will close this evening. It has
been drawing a fine attendance to Mission
Parlor Hall on Seventeenth street. There
are booths in which all sorts of ! useful
and pleasing things are sold, and there is
a nightly programme of entertainment.
Last evening Mrs. E. V. Heergaard. Miss
Ida Deserens. Mr. and Mrs. J. Paulson J
Wesley Wilkins. P. J. Oksen. Mrs. Paul
Fiiedhofer. Miss Marie Sonderup, Miss
Juliette Lytgens. Helen Dodd. Nonie
Dodd. Bessie Dahl. Dovre Dahl. Frida
Toft. Ardle "Walter. May Schlutter, Elve
"Woodman, Zellah Smith. Josephine Girot
and Anna Jacob took part. There will be
a very fine programme also this evening.
The entertainment Is for the benefit of
the building fund of the church.
Bazaar Closes Tils Evening.
PARIS, Nov. 23.— The Temps to-day
prints a special dispatch from Rome, say-
Ing the Pope has renounced the idea of
creating Cardinals at a consistory to be
held before Christmas."
Pope Renounces the Idea.
Before offering any testimony the at
torneys for tire defense submitted this
offer. It was followed by a statement
tending to show that Jordan himself is
a conspirator, and that after paying his
money for a large block of stock in the
transportation concern he sought to freeze
out Adams and Handy by criminal pro
ceedings. The defense claims that the
Professor Morse is a good sea-going ves
sel. The case will bo continued to-mor
row. .¦-*
SEATTLE. Nov. 23.-The defense !n the
trial of Dr. E. F. Adams, arrested In San
Francisco on a charge of having obtained
money under false pretenses from Dr.
J. Eugene Jordan of Seattle In connection
with the establishment of an Alaska
transportation company and the sale
of the steamer Professor Morse, to-day
sprang a surprise on the prosecution by
offering to take the Judge, Jury, prose
cuting attorney and all the court officers
on a trip to San Francisco to view the
Professor Morse, which Is alleged in the
information to be a worthless hulk.
a Junket to San Fran
cisco.
Defendant in a Seattle Trial Suggests
OFFERS TO TAKE COURT
AND JURY ON A TRIP
VANCOUVER. B. C. Nov. 23.-The Do
minion Government has established a
quarantine at Carson, B. C. on the
boundary line, on account of the alleged
outbreak of smallpox at Republic. Wash.
There are thus far said to be three cases
of smallpox in the American mining
camp. .
PORT TOWNSEND. Nov. 21— With the
advent of cola weather In Alaska small
pox has become rampant and is now
rapidly spreading-, according to reports
brought by the steamer Cottage City to
day. The people of Skaguay have be
come so alarmed over the prevalence of
the disease In the immediate vicinity and
along the line of the White Pass and the
Yukon railroad that a strict quarantine
will be established and trains will be In
spected before they are allowed to enter
that city. Numerous cases are reported
along th^ Yukon from Dawson to the
lakes and at various settlements near
Skaguay and Juneau.
With the Advent of Cold
Weather.
Rapid Spread of the TJread Dlseasa
SMALLPOX EPIDEMIC
ALONG THE YUKON
held In the Chapel Royal. St. James Pal
ace, at noon, November 27.
In the cases of Marshall and White In De
partment 2 (Conlan, Judfce) and the cane of
Michael Fleming In Department 4 (Low, Judge)
I heard Gray say to the Judges he wanted the
cases dismissed.
In the case of Michael Fleming. Gray told the
defendant to swear when he went on the stand
that the horse was not lame that morning when
he took him out when he was arrested. He so
¦were, at the same time telling me on -the day
he was arrested that the horse had been laid
up for a week on account cf lameness.
On June 22, 1899. after Marshall and White
¦were tried in Department 2. Gray went to
Captain Wright, at that time the Chief of Po
lice Clerk, and complained about Police Officer
W. T. Hooper. Captain Wright sent for the
officer and told him to go a little slow In the
Gray cases.
The report further states that John Con
nelly, P. Kinsella, John Enos. W. O Lilly
William Sullivan, J. W. Thompson, Harry
N. Gray. John Cobb and Michael Fleming
had appeared before Judges Low and Con-
Ion, who had allowed the offenders tc
escape with a light fine or wlthour oun
ishment at all. In concluding his state
ment Mr. Holbrook says:
Secretary Holbrook of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals has
followed up h's charge made in the Poilco
Coort a few days ago that offenders have
teen allowed to go unpunished by filing
a report. In which be snows that men ar
rested for cruelty to animals have been
either dismissed or released after paying
a nominal fine. In doing this Mr. Hol
brook wishes to bear out his statement
made under oath.
~The report shows that the Police Judges
have been lax in trying men arrested by
the society. Special attention is called to
Gray Brothers. He says that the firm's
name appears on the books of the society
sixty-five times because or' complaints
being made against them for using crip
pled horses and mules. He also says
many of the animals were taken from
work because of their condition, and that
although ten arrests were made but two
convictions were secured.-
Report to Substantiate Charges
Made Under Oath.
Secretary of Humane Society Files
H0LBR00K ATTACKS
THE POLICE JUDGES
Constable Haley, who holds the warrant
for Hebert, has been unable to find tho
capitalist, and it is thought he has tem
porarily left the city. His ball was placed
at $3000. .
The Heberts were married in Galveston.
the wife's home, and from there they
went to Kentucky. Mrs. Hebert says
her husband at once began to abuse her
and finally she went back to her Galves
ton home, he having- given her $1000. He
went to Canada, but in the course of a
couple of years returned to his wife at
Galveston and she came vlth him to Cali
fornia. He purchased a farm on the we»t
side of this valley, but finally sold it.
bought property in' San Jose and they
moved into town.
The Heberts reside at 32S North Second
street. They have one daughter. Hebert
owns the property known as the Kin,j
Conservatory of Music, and It has been
Professor King's custom to pay the rent
al, amounting to $100 a month, to Heberfa
daughter. To-day Hebert informed Pro
fessor King 1 that he would collect tho
rental money himself and went home and
demanded the monev from: his : wife. As
she refused to give It to him he seized her
by the throat, so she alleges, and almost
strangled her. The uaughter rushed to
the telephone ar.d called up the police of
tlee, whereupon Hebert left the house and
has not yet been found.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 23.— Mrs. Eliza Hebert.
wife of Joseph W. Hebert, the capitalist,
'o-day swore to a warrant charging her
husband with battery. She alleges that he
attempted to strangle her. It Is said di
vorce proceedings will at once be brought.
The refusal of Mrs. Hebert to hand over
on demand $100 that had come into her
hands from rents aroused the aged capi
talist's ire. and is given as the cause of
the assault.
Aged Capitalist Hebert of
San Jose.
Warrant Issued for the Arrest of
ACCUSED OF HAVING »
CHOKED HIS WIFE
The usual incidents of campaism work
were many and interesting; they were
sometimes most wearisome, but the grand
results make every burden insignificant.
Utah's three electoral votes were not
needed In the prand asrKresrate of the peo
ple's vote of confidence in the principles
and policies of the Republican party and
of its great leader. William McKinley,
but the assured election of two Republi
can T'nlted States Senators and the gen
eral influence of a Republican victory' on
the surrounding Stales where other Sena
tors are to be elected, is a great gain for
sound politics and good government.
ences obscured the real outlines of Re
publicanism and Democracy. The State is
coming to know its own mind, and that
mind is clearly Republican.
The exclusion of Brigham H. Roberts
at the last session of Congress and the
opening ui> of the whole question of
polygamy was not influential as a factor
in the campaign. Mr. Roberts is respect
ed as a religious writer, but "Mormons"—
Republicans and Democrats— regret that
his personal political ambitions were the
occasion of bringing the peculiar Institu
tion of the Mormon religion before the in
spection and the renewed and emphatic
condemnation of the American people.
The Institution of plural marriages Is now
done away with by the law of the land
and the 'manifesto" of the church. Its
ramifications In the family, social, eco
nomic and political life of the people are
still plainly seen, but the roots are killed
and the tree must die.
Hies. It is true that the Church of Latter
T'ay Saints teaches not only a unique and
most peculiar system of religious faith,
but It holds and teaches and works out a
clearly defined policy concerning material
things in the life which now is. This ma
terial side of the Mormon faith is. within
the limits of its operation, identical with
the broad and national policy of the Re
publican party. It is the general policy
of protection to the Industries of the peo
ple and the preservation of the home
market by tariffs and bounties. Brlgham
Young, their great leader, was a wise and
farseelng economist; his policy for Utah
and for Mormon settlers everywhere was
a clearly defined policy of protection.
Also, as Is well known. Mormon mis
sionaries go to the ends of the earth to
gather adherents to their faith and pil
grims to this country, which Is their Zlon.
These proselytes and pilgrims know that
in the United States, under the homestead
laws, a man may possess land and may
gather about him and his family the per
manent comforts and advantages of a
stake in the soil, which !s impossible in
ary other country. When, therefore. It
is explained to the Mormon voter — as I
took great care to do— that the material
prosperity which he enjoys and which he
may bequeath to his children is due to
the principles and policies of the Republi
can party, he naturally is ready to vote
the Republican ticket.
The division of voters on national party
lines was made just before the last na
tional election. At that time local influ-
FAMOUS WOMAN LAWYER AND SUFFRAGIST AND PRESIDENT OF
THE WOMAN'S NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CLUB. WHO STUMPED
THE WEST FOR McKINLEY AND ROOSEVELT.
Knowing that in tho»e State*, as indeed
throughout the country, the Judtrm^nt of
that •woman had been justified by unpar
s'leled prosperity, I believed that the
Three Fta.tr* of Wyoming. Idaho and Utah
cruld. if properly" worked, be carried for
the Republican party. I therefore chose,
under the direction of th» National Re
publican Committee, to do my work main
!v in Utah. I made a few speeches in Ida
ho, but was in Utah over fix weeks.
Fp»j>king two and sometime* three times
2 day and travelirjr by rail and carriage
many miies between addresses.
The wrman vote was an important fac
tor. The women registered as fully as did
the men; th«*y voted as generally as did
th* men. T"h«y did not all vote as did
their husbands. The husband of the Mc-
K'.nley voter to whom I rave referred
vcted for Mr. Bryan. He paid to me:
"I've never been ashamed cf my wife; I
have been ashamed of her husband."
There is little pensationalism connected
¦with the woman** vote there. The women
of the ir.trrrr.ountain States b«*ar so many
of the burdens of society . which in the.
cider and longer-settled States are borne
by men. that political burdens are carried
with little ostentation and little friction.
Another important factor in the situa
tion was the "Mormon" vote. While it is
rot true that the church Is dictator in pot-
lican Association.
I am iir.ppy to gr'.v- The Call th* *ss»t.
tial features of the recent campaizn in
the State cf Utah and in a meas
ure of the ir.termounta'r. Btat?3 of
Utah. Wyoming. Colorado ard Id.iiio.
In th«>se four States wrmen have the full
frarchise. under the same conditions en
joyed by male citiifns.
In 1S36 these four States, rafting an as
frregate of nnly thirteen e>otorai votes,
but holding eiR-ht Keats In the Unlt*»<l
State* FT.aie. gave large majorities for
Mr. Bryan, in each State a larger pro
portion of women than of men voted for
Mr. MeKinley. This fact contradict* th<*
supposition that women are — or will he —
poverr.«^3 by emotion rather than judg
ment in the discharge cf th«?!r political
duties. ''Bryanism" w.is the passion of
the hour in thc«=e States in IK*..
In ore voting precinct in Utah which, in
1*95. <-ast 1R3 votes, ther" was one vote
only for McKinley, and that vote was cast
I y a woman.
In the recent campaign, which is now
parsing into history. I worked in that
precinct and asked this woman why «'n»
rao" voted f?r McKirley. Her reply -was
quickly and clearly given: "Because I
thought I'd : at her have tariff than sil
ver."
President Woman's National Repub-
BY AIRS. ELLEN J. FOSTFR.
OAKT.AN*T\ Xov. a.— Mrs. J. Ellen
F^tt. preMd-nt of the Woman's
National Republican As5ociatiun.
and a lawyer of Washington. D.
<\. is now in this city visiting her
c--j«=ir. Miss Farah W. Horton. Mrs. Fos
ter was sent by the National Republican
Committee during the recent campaign
to «ump the Etate s of Utah. Colorado.
Wyoming and Idaho. wher» women havo
fidl suffrage, ar.d to turn the femal* vctc
r'nr MrKinley. To h«»r work is attrflmtrf
the Large irrrense in the Republican voto
in th^se S-s'es and th" Euo<e«s in I'tnii
p ~<* n'viwirc. Mir. F.-Ffr ha«" furnip'Tvi
The Ca'.l with an amount of her ?xpor!
ericos in stumping thfs» Smarts.
Distinguished President of the National Republican Asso
ciation Gives Her Views on the Late Campaign.
CIVIL GOVERNMENT
FOR PHILIPPINES
Provincial Bill Passed by
the Commission Means
Much.
Appropriations Also Made for Bail
roads and Other Improve
ments in the
Islands.
A railroad is being projected from
Dagupan, and the commission has passed
an appropriation for a meteorological ob
server at Bagnio. Benguet province,
which some, have advocated as the seat
of the Philippine Government during the
summer season. The commission to-day
passed the bill requiring reports by banks
and examinations of such Institutions as
in the United States. The act goes into
effect Immediately. The Treasurer of the
archipelago will act as examiner.
Professor Dean Worcester and General
Luke Wright of the commission have vis
ited Benguet province. They found a soil
apparently good, with signs of gold and
other minerals and a temperate climate.
The district Is comparatively peaceful.
Most of the Inhabitants are Igorrotes.
Marriages are registered and the cere
mony and registration include certain
heathen acts which will be allowed pro
visionally until the people of the province
attain a greater capacity for self-govern
ment.
Delinquent taxpayers will be punished
by being compelled to do labor on the
roads.
MANILA, Nov. 23.— The Philippine Cora
mission has enacted the first legislation
establishing a provincial civil gox'ernment
in the Philippines, namely, an act for the
government of the province of Benguet.
This was adopted to-day, and it co-ordi
nates with the act passed yesterday for
the establishment of township governmem
in the same province. The Governor, whd
is appointed, will receive a salary of $1300.
He will pass upon the acts of the town
councils and will issuo orders which will
have the same effect as ordinances when
ever the councils fail to enact the neces
sary measures. .
The Governor, who will also be the
Treasurer and Auditor, will be ex-offlcio
a provincial justice of the peace and In
that capacity will control the constabu
lary.
Electors in the province of Benguet will
be required to affirm that they have had
six months' residence and are at least IS
years of age. They will also be required
to declare their allegiance to American
authority. Three months' Imprisonment
will be imposed for a refusal to accept
municipal office when elected. Ecclesias
tics and soldiers are debarred from office.
MRS. J. ELLEN FOSTER WRITES
OF EXPERIENCES ON THE STUMP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1900.
PRESIDENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO NURSERY FOR HOMELESS
CHILDREN AND ONE OF THE PRIZE DOLLS TO BE PLACED ON
SALE AT THE PALACE HOTEL TO-DAY.
11
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinice Tablets. *
Bead James Whitcomb Riley's
Thanksgiving poem in to-morrow's
Call.
The Best Natural Aperient Water.
Hnn^adi Janos
It Is A Wonderful Remedy For Those Suffering With
Constipation, and Hemorrhoids.
Over 1,000 Physician* (msnr of the most famous in the world) Testify To This.
It act* withoot Hiring rise to iate»tln»l irritation, and acta tpeedy. eure and gentle.
Average Dose: H tnmhlerful one half hour before breakfast will cause a copious
evacnation, without bringing any discomfort to the patient.
BEW ABE of 8n*»tltnte» and ALWATS ASK for the TTCT.T. NAME
BLUE LABEL and RED CENTRE PANEL on BOTTLE.THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1900.
12
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
A— $600; FINE candy store In splendid location;
nicely furnished; cheap rent; clears $125 per
month: great bargain. LANE & CO.. 865 Mkt
PARTNER wanted in an established business,
clearing $75 mo. each; 11 tht work; short hours;
no exixr. required. LANE & CO.. S65 Market.
RESTAURANT; nice place for man and wife;
receipts $15 a day; low rent; see this at once;
snap; enly $225. LANE & CO.. 8S5 Market/6t.
PUBLIC Administrator's sale— Sealed bids will
be received at my office, 2S3 Montgomery St.,
for the grocery and bar corner of Folsom
and Jupiter sts. belonging to the estate of
EDWARD GORMAN. Bids will be received
up to 12 o'clock noon, Nov. 26. 1900. A cash
deposit of $00 required with each bid. Store I
now open for inspection. P. BOLAND, Pub-
lic Administrator. [
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt
~A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valeria et. . < ¦? -
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. '
87~l?OOMS~on Poweirst!Trent $175; *>rlce.. $1900
7 rooms on Taylor Bt; rent $20; price.... Cb
15 rooms on Geary ft; rent $65; price 1030 J
14 rooms on O'Farrell st. ; rent $.V>; price.. 800 j
12 rooms on Post St.: rent $30: price F60
15 rooms on O"Farrell St.; rent ?65; price.. TEC
20 rooms on Mission at.; rent $80; price... 1100
16 rooms on Howard Et; rent $25; price... 7M
For quick pales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. 816 Market st ;• phone black D215.
BUYERS of lodsring-houses will find large list;
fine bargains In lodging-houses. Samples:
. 102 rooms; rent $64; price $l£00.
12 rooms; rent $S4; price $400t
We loan money to buyers at 1H P« r cent
ECHWEINHARD £ CO.. 817 Market st. be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1511.
A— H-ROOM house; central $1000
SO-room houae; first class lOfO
U-room house: $(75; 6-room fiat 325
SO-room house: Eddy: rent $75; only 900
FISHER fc CO., 1032 Market Bt
SNAP; 11 rooms, furnished: cleara $25 per mo.;
only $125. FISHER & CO.. 1033 Market st.
17 ROOMS on Eddy st: rent 160
£8 rooms on Howard St.: rent $42..........$C50
S rooms on Jones st: snap 375
10 rocme on California et 850
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Sfldy at.
M. GRIFFIN. 71S Market st. room 1; free list;
new bargains every day In rooming-houses;
over (00; all sizes and prices. Please call.
A BARGAIN— House, 27 rooms and full; no
work; cheap rent. Inquire Call office.
$£00— LODGING-HOUSE. 14 rms., newly furn.
Inquire 163 New Montgomery, cor. Howard.
FTP.ST-CLASS rooming houae for sale, price
$SiO; pays well. Addresa Box 323. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pares. In wrapper, for mailing. %1 rer year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO.. clearance sale; low
wheel, rubber tire, road wagon, $S0; other
styles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt. nr. 9th., opp. St. Nlch.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping waccn. for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carta & har-
neas. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencla.
SPI RITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
culta, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a epecialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed.. Fri. ev's:
come and be convinced. Permanently located
C13 Eddy st-. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no clgn.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at office or by letter;
sittings, $1. 1164 O'Farrell st.; take Ellis car.
URS. DR. GILSON. 614 Jessie st.. near 7th;
circles Tues., Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m. ; sit. daily.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium.
healer and card reader. 14S Eddy Et
EDW. EARLE, Elate writer, removed S00 Ellis,
cor. Taylor: Sunday night Pythian Castle.
"CONSULT Wataon." 1581 Mkt at. nr. 12th;
medium, clairvoyant, psychic, palm.; EOc, 11.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings : convincing- tests to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the wef-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and ciair. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. E. SANDERS, 614 Taylor at. near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladies' circle Thurs., 2 p. m.; Fri.. 8; clr. 25c.
ISMAR, the Egyptian srypsy .clairvoyant and
ralmlet, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
€th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. in.
REMOVED — The great inspirational card read-
er; price 25c and EOc; hours 10 a. m. till a p.
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 228 Fulton Bt.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
&lven in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third at. next Examiner.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 2ac. T Seventh st.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant card reader, me-
dium; 25c up. 823 Mission, nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. K. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny Bt.. rooms 8-10.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. BCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SH Jessie at .
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth ft
-CAIIFET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 253-357 Tehama at: tel. South 4J.
STANDARD, 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned.
So yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 108.
CARPETS cleaned at 3o per yard, .laid at Co,
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth at; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 249 Fourteenth gt.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th at; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;,
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gato ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; consult'n free. Dr.Dnncan,415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE XT. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less succetsful. Room 810. 827 Market at
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIc! 809 Ma£
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our apeclalty; gold crowns,
tt 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON,M.P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attenflants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OTarrell tt
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, EOc:
crowns, 83 50; plates, full set . $5; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth gt.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144J Market nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors. 1019
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh: consult
us on crowns and bridges: teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without 'pain.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
daya. '1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
RET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1841 Polk st. - ¦ . , .
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny,- cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. |4; crowna. $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; palnlens extraction,
tOc. New York Dentists. 869 Mission, cor. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pagea, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. -
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School-
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post over O'Connor & MofCatt.
DEPILATORY.
O. C C— A Harmless liquid for . permanently
removing superfluous hair: will - not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co., ag*cy, 42S Ellis.
- . .
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR 9ALE.
BOILERS, Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases.counters.
linoleum, new and aecond-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon, outfits on hand,
33 complete outfits on our floor, ready made.
. we can ship everything in 21 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission st.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st; rentals, new machines, $3 per montn.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines bolier!«. water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITKLAW. 216 Si*-ar st.
5-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine.
$1150; can be seen running at b22 Golden
Gate ave. -
BILLIARD tables, balls, cues and rac!ts. com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ * SON.
lg O'Farrell st. ¦--.¦¦ ?.~~*i
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARPINE'S. 223 Fremont at.
FOR sale— 2 thoroughbred dachshund pups: one
black. 620 Merchant st.
FIRST-CLASS second hand modem engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
GASOLINE, ira-j engines, second-hand, bought.
sold and exchanged. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery at
10- TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe. 21C California st.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission at.
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second-band. THE HER-
MANN SAFK CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all alxes. THE
WALTZ PAFK. 1M-111 Market st. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Contract for a wholesale order to
furnish Christmas trees; any amount; any
sizes. Address box 112, Call office.
WANTED — San Francisco Bulletin for March
6, 12 and 19. 1S39; quote price. W. F. PUR-
NELL, Sacramento, Cal.
V.'ANTED— San Francisco Call for January.
February and March, 1SD0; quote price. W. V.
PURNELL. Sacramento.. Cal.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
aold. SHverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 14t
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WKITEHEAD. 1710 Market at
JUONEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long aa you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortagea
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and siies
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market at
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages. undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 2t Montgomery. r . 8.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; flrat,
Becond mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
et. ; teL Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third at.
A— $.500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgagea; notes and co'Iat-
erala. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, allver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal, low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones «t.. cor. Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' gx.. 431 California.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6% undl-
vlded lnts; estates. HARPER. 337 Tarrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal not 5.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott bid.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Bldg Co., 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market at, room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried- people without collateral or In-
dorser. S F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid. j
31 UK I CAL I>STRUJ!ESTS.
ANY person having use for a plancTcan be ac^
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments. lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best S
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Prlv- I
liege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $S cash and
$6 per month. We offer to Bell some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter ats., San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth at, Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago;
agent peerless Heine and Hallet & Davis.
Boston's oldest and moat famous piano, and
ten other makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase.
S Heine uprights $327
1 Mason & Hainlln 300
2 Steinways 195
1 Chlckering 143
1 Marshall & Wendell 65
1 Emerson 33
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary St.: open
evenings.
THE old reliable Decker & Son planoa; estab-
lished In 1S36; are found not only In the par-
lors of the wealthy, but also in the families
where a flrst-class article is desired without
being obliged to pay an exorbitant price.
They can be had in small sizes with plain
case at a figure within the reach of most
any one, and as the tone and action U fhe
best, they arc real bargains. We sell them
on payments if desired. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO., 7S9 Market st >*
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago 13 KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
28 and "30 O'Farrell st. ; planoa, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing poMble done to p!eax<vand satisfy the
customer.
A BARGAIN LIST. :
Conover Walnut, Behr Bros, mahogany Ster-
ling walnut. Bacon ebonlzed. Hallet & Davis
Haines Bros., at sacrifice: $140 up. BENj'
CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st. Chlckerlng
agency.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post
NEUMAN upright, $75; Sherwood. $S3; Peek" !
$100; other bargains. BRUENN, 203 Post st
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st.. 4 elegant ub-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprlghtT-
email Installments. Hornung. 21» McAllister!
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Gabler Soiel-
mann and Hamilton pianos. 308 Post 'at.
FINE large 3-pedal upright piano; muat be aac-
riftced in 5 days; leaving city. S32 Turk st
BEST rent stock in city: new pianos- $3 n*i-
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes 'st
SUPKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new H*
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
A cleaning out of pianos for storage- dirt chran*
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 710 1 Mart *et
A ErHM?-fV N i : fi m rinf f ol<5: n!ce Wrtt Piano.
ECHMITZ. 16 McAllister at. next Hib. Bank.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The. Weekly CaTT
16 Pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $i per j ear!
3IUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
GOOD German piano teac^eTr!^^^"^^^"-
lessons.- month ,$5. 516 Golden Gat/ avV?
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
NICE furnished office and workroom for a den-
| ward; light, water. Janitor aervlcea Included.
OIL.
»»^S& ssa ?'&'sy83«a
, country correspondence solicited.
OIL LAUDS FOR SALE).
PROVEN oil lands In the Kern River field tor
sale; no stock proposition; no wildcat schema*
this Is sure territory In the largest and b*n
known field In California. If you want to form
a company buy good land on the line of th*
railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN & SOME3
S. C. MASON, agent. ~oom 101. Chronicle bid!
A FORTUNE for fc«0— The first U. 8. pat«nt
oil land on the market In 20-acro traits; send
for map and experts' reports and particular*
A. L. WILLEY. 916 Market =t. &Tb\
PALMlSTIir. 7 ~~~
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist SJi
Taylor st. bet Geary aad I'ost; tel. B!acs 5t>L
MME. XEEROAARD, 7CO Post; tel. Hyde J932-
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.*
PATENTS A>D PENSIONS.
ADVICE lree; no charge unless successful
GEO. P. CAMT»BKLU Uwtw. Examiner bl»
rEnsoxALs.
GENTLEMAN of 30, dark-complexioned, with
good position In city, wishes acquaintance of
lady of about the same age with money
enouyh to malt* her Independent Box «t
Call office.
"MUSH on" over the Ice to Nome; -n«o> trip
last winter: will conduct party, carry letters
or transact business en route via Dawson.
Box 408, Call office.
WHITE enamel Iron bods, single, three-quarter
cr double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
AN experienced detective wishes work; mining
cases specialty; refa. Detective, S. F. P. O.
OPERA hair styles; th* very newest: only 23c:
doll wigs a specialty; also hair ornaments
switches. $1. LKDERER. 123 Stockton st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 3S7 Jessls st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tet South 793;
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fine us-
holatery. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 330 Uth tt
ELECTRfC light In every room— Wtnchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms -
25o to $1 50 per night; SI 50 UT $3 per week-
freo "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous and
: other diseases, specialist In head trouble atv!
' rheumatism; pamphlet sent free. S4S McAllistr.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; tt
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. 11 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mxt.
LEDERER'S Quintonica is a superb hair tonic;
unsurpassed; S5c bottle. 123 Stockton st
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings: secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant av.
MRS. Dr. James positively cures rheumatism
without drugs or medicine. 29 Eddy, rm. 30.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair ami
molea: trial free. MISS EATON. 1113 Butter.
UfeE LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo. It will
keep your hair fresh and clean; 5c package.
ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Sued* Gloves;
11 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint. th« best
corn cure; 25c : all druggists.
SUIT3 to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
, Ing Co.. 1544 MM., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
! OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 117 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: St: at all drugylut*.
PHYSICIAXS AND SlItGEOSS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1C21U Market st.. between Siith and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR. SALE.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS!
VACANT AND IMPROVED.
* $10.0CO to $75,000.
NORTH SIDE. FINE VIEWS.
A larg* number to choose from.
THOS. MAGEE tt SONS.
5 Montgomery st
A GOOD HOTEL. *
Must be sold or exchanged; hotel (almost
modern). 30 rooms. 2 stores; lot 35x125 feet;
main street: near city: sure to clear $150 a.
month; $7500. A. M. SPECK A CO.. OI7 Mar-
ket at
OWNERS of property In the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W\ J. GUNN. 530 California
street. S. F. Savings Union building.
TO owners of lots ncrth of the Park, between
First and Twentieth avenues. Lake and I>
Etreet»-I have ca-ls for lota; 1 hare sold
everything that was very cheap that I h<nl
to offer. Parties wanting to sell are asked
to call. I want a new list of property. W. J.
GUNN. 530 California St., between Montgom-
ery and Kearny.
IF yon have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. 530 California st.
SHOTW'ELL and Army sts. : 43x118. and « fe«t
wide In rear. Apply on premises. .
MODERN house? built; lowest prices; plans and
j i~!t'TTiates furnl!"h»ii. Cnmpr-»'l. 1147 MUslnr..
REAL ESTATE: COUNTRY For Sale*
FOR sale or exchange; 80 acres of choice lt«n.i
near Auburn. J. H. EGOERT. 1312 P6'k tt
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
, "WANTED— For cash. 2 flats of 5 and « rooms;
must be cheap. Box 405. Call office.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
NEW cottage. 6 rms.. bath; lot 60x100: Mission:
rental terms: and vacant lots. 413 Kearny st
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
WE can offer elegant suite of rooms and board
in an elegant private home in Alameda to
refined couple; references required. Box 363.
Call of nee.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKRI.EY REAL ESTATE.
$630— FlJTE lot on Shattuck ave.. within 3
blocks of Berkeley station.
$2500— Grandest building site In town; 103x
12Ti; atreet all Improved; close to college.
$j300— Lovely new home on corner lot; streets
Improved: 2 blocks of college.
$300— Fine northeast corner lot In t!h« Hille-
gass Tract.
$4500— Fine paying business In heart of Berke-
ley; owner must le^ve; Ill-health.
O. Q. MAY * CO.. Perkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale In Oakland— By order Hlbernla Bank:
2-story house, doubts pariors. dining-room and
kitchen; 6 good bedrooms: bathroom: closets:
pantry: lavatories; corner; lot 50x125; 1 bloc*
from Telegraph-ave. electric line: only $3000;
easy terms if desired; just renovated and In
perfect condition.
HERON A HOLCOMB.
1060 Broadway. Oakland.
A— J15C0; modern 5-room colonial cottage: larga
lot; lawn, flowers, garden; beautiful place: 19tH
St.. nr. 13th ave.. Oakland; $12 mo.: worta
$2CC0: must sell: terms. Box 239. Call offlce.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you fTom H. Schellhaas. th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIsT~MS— Large front sunny room: prime*;*;
housekeeping; call Monday.
FOURTH, tt— Nice housekeeping 1 room; also
single: rent reasonable. •
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C2— Sunny suits; clean.
comfortable; gas stove; running water.
JUNIPER. 2. off Folsotn. between Tenth and
Eleventh— Two unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; bath; rent J5.
LARKIN. 181S. near Washington— I sunny un-
furnished rooms, with carpets.
MARKET, nr. Mason— Lars* room and kit-
chen, folding bed. gas. $10. Can 143 Kearny st.
MISSION. 1129%. near Thirteenth— Nicely fur-
nished room, stove, folding bed. batX Xaun-
dry; I5.'
OAK, 119—1 large sunny room, furnished fat
housekeeping; clean; se* it; clout; tt.
8AJT FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE) of Tne «¦" Francisco
OsIL corner cf Market and Third streets ; op«a
until a o'clock erery night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 827 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; ©Ken until »:» p. m.
*O0 Hares street; open until »:S0 p. m.
«» McAllister strett; open until »:J» p. m.
C1S Larkln street; open until S:SO p. m.
2941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
22€1 Market street, corner Blxteenth; ep«n
ontU t p. m,
1M Eleventh street; open until t p. m.
I09« Valencia street; open until t p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. .
CAL^RN7A~Chapter No. 6. R. A-"-. •
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) E $V~%»V'
ING, Nov. 14. at 7:30 o'clock. M_ M. 5»^K
desree. K^****-^ Secret
°5SS3£ &£ t&s^a^d'ay) Jk
EVENING «.t 7 o'clock. Master Masons \± J\
cordially invited. g g0BBARp<
CROCKETT Lodge No. US. F. and A. «
M —Officers and members are requested
to attend tbe fur.»ral cf our dec*af-«-d /^J\
brother, WM. FREDR. GREENE. late'^T^
cf Union Park Lodce No. €10, Chicago, III., on
BUND AT. Nov. 2S. at »:S0 a. n\, from Ma-
sonic Temple. Funeral committee please take
notice. By order of the W. M. •
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. S,
I O. O. F. — R<ru'-ar meeting ~&~£S<&
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. -^^B^F
Third atlt*. KPTOSyORP. P. M-
rnRBA BUENA Ixxlre No. IS, L -H&*«&'i>
O. O. T.—O12cm and member* :
* Ton ars recuested to assemble In : 535*as^
Memorial Hall TO-DAY (SATUR- -^W»w"
DAY). Kor. li. tt IS o'clock, to attend the
funeral of ©ur late brother, A. R. TOTHE-
RQSL JOHN A. OHLBON. N. O.
GOLDEN City Lodg* No. O. K. of P. Jf:
— Members wlU assemble at lodge •, JRs>
room. Pythian Castle. SATURDAY. <*?££*«
November 24. at 1 p. m., to attend ¦fc**E*<
the funeral cf our lata brother, A. R. TOTH-
EROH. GEO. THOMSON.
K of R. and 5.
OFFICERS and members of Unity JBp-
Lodge No. O. K. of P.. and all Pyth- y, 7ft
Ian members la tht city, ars re- S^N!>*
Cuezted to assemble at Pythian Cas-
tie. 609 Market st. SUNDAT. Nov. 25. at I
a. m.. for the purpose of attending the fun-
eral of our late brother. A_ J. HENTZELI*
By order of
L J. WELSH. Chancellor Commander.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applloatlons to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from F. D. Soward et al.. In the
Undine and May Day placer mines, consoli-
dated, near Gold Lake, Sierra County, to de-
posit talllnra In a worked -out pit; from Mrs.
Annie E. Jones, In the Nugget placer mine,
sear Johnsrllle, Plumas County, to deposit
tailings In Hopkins Creek; from C. D. Haz-
rard. In the Plumas Xmserlal Mine No. 2.
near Qulncy. Plumas County, to deposit tall-
ings In Slat* Creek: from David Corbett, in
the Golden Gate Mine, near Glbsonvllle, Sier-
ra County, to deposit tailings in Wisconsin
ravine, and from Charles Schneider. In the
American Mice, near Spanish Ranch. Plumas
County, to deposit tailings In a ravine, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
t?. Flood building. Ban Francisco, Cal., on
December S. 1900. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
raeetlngof the stockholders of the Faauhau
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
the cfSce of the company. No. 327 Market et.
Ean Francisco. CaL. en SATURDAY, the lit
day of December. 1900. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing- a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness i* may corns before th« meeting. Trans-
fer books will doEe on TUESDAT. November
£0, 1S00. at Z o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ALL can borrow meney on ellks. oil paintings
and bugs-ies from COLLATERAL BANK. 15
Grant ave.. near Market st.
AGE3TS WASTED.
T"VS"O or S rood ad. solicitors; male or female;
holiday edition; rood com. Apply HOOVER
Hall, Tenth and Market rm. 1; 4-6 p. m.
ASPHALT I'M ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sldewaiks re-
paired: portal. 11S6 Mission: teL Foleom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
t>R. C TOrJEEY TATLOR. Bclentlflo Aitrolo-
r»r— Free copy "The New Moon." 7C5 Market
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R.-W.'~KX!CG. 827 Market sU. «th floor, room €27
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair feea; no advance
charges; loans on estates. TeL Howard 15S7.
ADVICE free: ilToree law a epecialty: private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market Ets. ; phont Red till.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, in Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BATH CAIJIXETS.
BOBINSON, Niagara, Perfection and others. W.
g. BROWN CO.. agency. 426 Ellis St.. 8. F.
BOAR.DIAG FOR CHILDREN.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board; mother's care. 439 Minns, st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— J1000; EALOON with mercantile lunch, sur-
rounded by wholesale houses and factories;
business clearing J125 per month easy; owner
keeps place in Oakland and must sacrifice.
R. O. VVILKE, 26H Keamy st .
A— COM, 5 RESTAURANT and coffee parlor en
Kearny et.. near Chronicle building; rent 1125;
business clearnlnc {290 and above per month;
owner engaged otherwise; compelled to sacri-
flce. Call R. G. WILKE. 86H Kearny st.
A— t3SW; CORNER liquor bar; established 49
years; located near Chronicle building; (
years' lease; dally receipts about -t30; one of
the best paying bars In this city. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Keamy st.
A— CORNER butcher chop on Howard ft; do-
ing a first-class paying cash business ; must
cell at once; owner going in cattle buying.
R. O. WILKE. 26H Keamy st.
JSOO— LADY partner wanted, German preferred,
with beet references. In a large paying busi-
ness established for many jean. Particulars
call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearnr st •
A— tUO; SHOEMAKER repaltinc shop on Third
su. dolnc from S33 to ISO work every week; a
rar> chance. Call R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— J31OT: WINE and liquor saloon doing a
splendid business; established S years;
choicest location on Market st: rent 1100;
long lease. Call R. G. WILKE. t«hi ICearny.
A— 15000; HOTEL with 87 rooms, dining-room
and bar; rent JIM; located 1 block from Call
building: established years; known as the
best-paylnc second-class hotel In this city;
Investigate and you will find a eplendid busi-
ness. R. G. WILKE. se'-i Kearny st
A— tUOO: BAKERY, corner. In Western Add.
. estab. many years; i horses, wagon, etc.; bak-
ing • barrels per day; S living rooms, bath
rent SSO; S years' lease; death of owner cauti
of «ale. R. O. WILKE. ZV& Kearny st
RESTAURANT; adjoining a car bouse; fin*
opening for a man and wife or S ladles ;money
maker; low rent; leas*; good reasons for sell-
ing; sacrifice; SSOO. 6CHWEINHARD & CO.,
M7 Market «t, bet Fifth and Sixth.
1800— RESTAURANT: near Market; clearing $200
mo.; party 3 years In placa. BASILE. 8 Eddy.
A EURE Investment; I am a Jockey ri&itig for
a tare* stable now racing at Tanforan race-
track and In a position to furnish sora* very
reliable Information; would like to make the
acquaintance of a confidential buslnt-ss man
with S1000; chanoe to make a fortun*; all
business must be strictly confidential; I will
positively prove on Interview a good thins;
ramblers, fakers and touts need not reply.
Address Jockey, box 406, Call ofSce.
RESTAURANT for sale— Good place for man
and -wife; rood reason for sclllnc. Call C99
Fourth st, S. F.
1100— RESTAURANT; must be sold to-day on
account of sickness. 1U Fifth st
A FALOON with 8 rooms, also bar and fix-
tures; 2 blocks from Call building; north of
Market: reasons departure for the East Call
for particulars at 8. BLUMENTHAL & CO.,
tU and CCO Mission gt
A— M0O0; BREWERY and bottling works; own-
er has other business; cannot attend to both;
will sell half or whole. Be* owner. 60S Battery.
RELIABLE party with limited capital wlehes
to invest In a good business; no scents. F.
X. box 277. Call offloe.
TRANSFER corner grocery and bar; elegant
stock and fixtures; big bargain. Fart!cu!*.rs
at 215 Tenth st
ETORB to rent In bast block of Market st7
10x30. wltK upper floor and large basement;
bonus wanted. Box 10SS, Call of fie*.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; good location;
small expesces; pays rood and good reasons
for telling. Call at C26 Green st _^^
FOR sals— A CT-room lodflnc-house; price rea-
sonable. Stf Howard et, sear Second.
BAKER'S larg* portable sand oven. 140. 22£3
Mission st . __^
GROCERY and bar: good business; selling ac-
cxint ticknees. 1111 Howard rt, cor. L&nrton.
EDUCATIONAL. .
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD-B BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post Bt..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typ^ig, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn in a limited time, take private leefons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 53, Thurlow block, 12S Kearny st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ; day
and evening; individual instruction, $S per
month: life scholarship, $50: bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. ; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeepins a
short time with expert Tarr, C20 Parrot bldg..
¦ he would not; be wise.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy:
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teachy. best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full rourse this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123G Market Et.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: dav. eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 333 Market.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1826 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
eto.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.'
481 Post st. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible houaecleanlns; co.; est
1S70; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 626 O'Farrell st; tel. Hyde 219L
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 6188.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
neee help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Beat help, tll',4 OTarrell St.; tel. Eaat 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG German girl, best references, de-
sires housework or second work, city. MRS.
LAMBERT. 418 Powell St.. tel. Main 5332.
SWISS girl, competent, good sewer, I. wishes
second work: speaks French, German and
Erslish. MRS. LAMBERT. 41S Powell st,
tel. Main 6332.
A PROTESTANT old lady, entirely trust-
worthy, would like a place In a small nlca
family to do light housework. Address box
110, Call office.
ALL-AROUND cook and help: can take chefs
Place or full charge of kitchen: English.
French or German cook; flrst-class pastry;
first-class hotel references. 242 Natoma Bt
GOOD reliable girl to do housework; very good
cook and housekeeper: small family; good
wages expected. Please call 519 Br&nnan St.
AMERICAN woman wishes a position to house-
clean by the day; wages $1 a day and car
fare. Box 3S5. Call office.
A RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day
or Eteady place by the month; car fare ex-
pected. Call 33S Turk st, near Hyde.
LADY wishes to take care of Invalid or elderly
lady. 27S8 Twenty-second at.
COLORED woman desires cooking in country
or mines; ?30. Box 415, Call office.
WANTED— Position as stenographer or type-
writer is desired by young lady recently grad-
uated. Box 395, Call office.
WANTED — Position by nurse to mental or
aged patient; best reference; hospital experi-
ence; wages $30 to $S5 month. Box 391. Call.
WANTED— By young lady, position, as house-
keeper or light chamber work. Address 10G7'4
j Market Bt., room 14. second floor.
LADY, good machine operator, wants sewing
at home or would go out 1043 Mission st.
A YOUNG German woman wishes work by th»
day: no postal cards. 215 Hickory st
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants work In
families. 943 Butter st. ; tel. Larkln 962.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; Joe f* $1 50 night, $1 50 to $S
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements- and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call. 18
ragps. in wrapper, for mailing, jl per year.
1 EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
j SITUATION wanted by a sober and reliable
man, 45. as choreman in a private family,
factory or Institution; understands care of
horsee, cows, chickens, etc.; will come rec-
ommended by last employer. Address box
412. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Scandinavian wishes situation
about a place as choreman, watchman or
pcrter; handy with carpenter tools; responsi-
ble orchardlst: good reference. Address L.
L. NYLANDER, general Postofflce.
MAN and wife, both with experience ' and edu-
cation, would take charge of a business or
hotel, either here or in Moxlco. Box 4fl7,
Call office.
WANTED— Poaltlon as manager of ranch;
vines, deciduous Or citrus fruits, or private
place, lawns, etc. E. D., 492 South Oaks
ave., Pasadena, Los Angeles County.
SALARIED position by an Intelligent Ameri-
can gentleman; general business and mining
experience; references. F. M. ADAMS, Al-
den Station, Oakland, Cal.
COOK wants work; a good careful cook; or
would. go as second cook; wages moderate.
T. SMITH. 318 Minna st.
GERMAN want* situation aa driver and so-
licitor; has some experience in the dyeing
and cleaning business. Box 414. Call office.
YOUNG man, reliable, with city references and
thorough knowledge of bookkeeping, writing
a good hand, wanta position. Box 409 Call.
8ITUATION by coachman; first-class gardener
and driver: sober, reliable, trustworthy; city
or country; very best references. Box 413, Call.
SOBER, experienced barkeeper would like po-
Eltion; city or country. Box 111, Call office.
A JAPANESE school boy wants situation to do
housework. 8. KAWAI, 358 Jessls St.
COOK and wife want work In country hotel ;
both are experienced, American, and flrst-
class: wages will be moderate if work is
reasonable. Box 102, Call office.
A RELIABLE and good salesman would Ilka
to represent a California firm in the East;
can give the very beat of referencea. Box
892. Call offio.
POSITION as bookkeeper or assistant by a
yenng man; thoroughly familiar with all
lines of office work; flrat-claas • referencta.
Box 3&0. Call office."
A YOUNG man wishes a position in furnltu.-e
or grocery atore; has had experience In b>th;
sober and steady. Call or address F.I R.
PERRY, 843 Mission st
STEADY single man, experienced coachman,
all stable work, also milking, wishes situa-
tion; best references. Address, stating wages,
Coachman, 791 O' Fan-ell et.
f JO0.O0O TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
eeaUklns, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
EDUCATED young Englishman deslfts posi-
tion as private secretary or companion. Ad-
drees J. B., care Mr. Morgan. 1009 Stanyan.
SITUATION wanted aa bookkeeper, salesman
or clerk; quick and accurate. G. H., 25 Tele-
graDh ave., Oakland. ¦:
BAKER; third or last hand on bread: will help
on cakes. H. F. J.. 1218 Twenty-sixth at.- g ,
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
" try. Milkera' Union of California. 526 Mont-
gomery St.: ' . -
JAPANESE schoolboy would like position, cook
or waiter, in a small family. HARA.- 1010
Pine st
A FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook wants : posi-
tion; has many years' exparlence. N. iJ., 4
Carlos place. . . J
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been - established at 1098
Valencia st "u~ . « ¦¦.-.¦ ' :.-.¦¦.-..:-•- .-.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office,' 220O Flllmore st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call," 16 paged, sent to any address ; In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year. •-.-•
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
, Justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician, 910 Mkt
_-___._ FLATS TO LET.
A — 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
- all modern tmprovem'ts: 1st floor. 417% Third.-
ELEGANT modern 8 - room i new upper flat;
- marine view. 1430 Taylor at, near Jackson.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; rent $22 50. 677
McAllister st
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HO WELL. 10 Montgomery.
MONKY advanced of articles of all descrlp-
tions, from $1 to $1000, at UNCLE HARRIS'.
15 Grant ave.- . '
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no children.
$3(1— 620»MAKKET. third (top) floor; 7 rooms;
opposite Palace - Hotel. Apply MADISON &
BURKK, 62S Market st.
6 LARGE sunny rooms and bath, with laig*
cellar. SS Silver st.
712 SANSOME. handsome sunny flat, $18; S04
Sansome, large Etore, $10.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st, off Eryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire Rt grocery, 941 Bryant.
$18 — UPPER flat. 6 rooms and porcelain bath.
C11 Castro st., near Nineteenth.
$25— SUNNY bay-window, newly renovated,
mctlern. 7 rooms, hath. 17US Washington «t.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
NEW furniture andj carpets for sale and email
modern flat for rent cheap. Call soon at 2615
Sacramento st. • ."
furniture: for sale.
GREAT SNAPt
Ready to move into; modern, sunny, ten-room
corner flat to let.
137 O'Farrell st., corner of Powell; elegant
new furnishings of same ror sale. Apply H. J.
MOORE, Sterling Furniture Co.. 1039 Market
FOR sale— Oak folding bed,; extension table,
dining chairs, Winthrop range, rugs, par-
lor furniture, etc., of private family. Call
S37D Valencia Bt.; flat for rent.
4 ROOMS, 3 nicely furnished; suit a couple
with one or no children. 123 Eighth st; no
agents.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
x - furniture: wasted.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
$20,000 WORTH of furniture wanted lmme-
dlately for cash. 1182 Mission St. near Eighth.
A. WOLLPEKT. 773 Mlsrlon st, pays highest
price for second-hand' furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent l"05 Larkin; tel. Polk691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED — FEjIALB.
C R HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 first-class waitresses, Fresno, $20, fare here;
8 mere waitresses, Arizona, *20, free fare; 2
waitresses, city, $20; chambermaid -to wait,
$20; woman cook, small hotel, country, 130.
fare paid; and many others; experiencsd
chocolate dipper for retail store
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
House girls, Oakland, Antloch, Truckee, Al-
varado, Sacramento, $15, $25; 20 house girls,
city. $20, $26; second girls; 2 or 3 younjr nurse
girls. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
MAN and wife for private place, near city, $4Ci;
woman for cooking and housework, man for
chores. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at
MAN and wife for Indoor work; to keep nous?
for one *ian; $30: German or Swedlsn pro-
ferred. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A— WANTED— Nurse for invalid children in an
Institution across the bay; S25, with board,
room and laundry. Apply to W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— A girl or middle-aged woman to as-
Eist with general housework and children; a
good home; wages $10. Apply to-day between
10 a. in. and 2 p. m.. 1O42'4 Folsom st.
OPERATORS and finishers en gent's whito
ehlrts; steady employment to good hands.
E35 Valencia st. ¦
WANTED— Experienced ealeslady In doll de-
partment; state experience, referenco and
salary expected. Box 410, Call ofllce.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
wages $20. Call 722 Broderick Et.. near Mc-
Allister, between 9 and 12 a. m.
WANTED— Experienced ealeslady In chlnawaio
department large retail store: state age, ex-
perience, reference, salary. Box 411. Call.
"WANTED — First-class alteration hands: state
experience, reference, salary. Apply box 1C9,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on children's wear
and. shirt waists. Bauer Bros.. 21 Sansomc.
WAIST and skirt hands for dressmaking. 121
Post st, room 49.
YOUNG girl for general bouaeworic. S40
Shrader st
¦WANTED — Young girl for general housework.
214 Hyde et.
EXPERIENCED girl for general housework;
small family. 2154 Post at.
WANTED— Cook and waiter. 1012 Battery St.
EXPERIENCED operators wanted on shirts;
a few beginners taught Apply the L.
ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery st.
WANTED — By a wholesale house to engage the
services of a woman to travel; one who Is
trustworthy and accurate. Box 3S6, Call.
BORROW money on aealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WANTED — Girl to learn to wait at table.
Restaurant, E2 Eighth st
NEAT young girl for light housework. 603
Guerrero st.
GIRLS for housework; good pay. Pacific Em-
ployment Agency, 9 Geary; ph. 3719.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentices
wanted. Bookblndery. 636 Clay at.
YOUNG lady to learn to be a medium and
travel with professional man. Box 332, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at pall branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
I HELP WANTED-MALE.
A NOTICE TO..
All coal miners
With families or single
Who want to go to
..Gallup, New Mexico.;......;
Superintendent will meet you
..Saturday and Sunday. November 24 and 25..
In our office
Free fare Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.....
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK.
Teamsters, tunnel men, stone masons
Free faro
Engineer and electrician who understands
running dynamos, country..... '.$50 and board
Lineman, electrical work $2 to $2 25 a day
S-mule teamster for ranch ..$26 and board
3 Ingersoll drillers $3 a day, see boss here
2 miners, asphalt mine... $2 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT, r-v;
Meat cook. $45; helper. $25, Institution, coun-
try. Bee party here; second cook for steamer.
$40; second hand on bread, country shop, $9
a week and board : third hand on cake, city,
$25; head waiter $40 and S waiters $25, coun-
try hotel.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 10< Geary st.
A— COAL MINERS....... COAL MINERS. ....'..
COAL MINERS
Superintendent la here from
Gallup, New Mexico.
Call to-day and to-morrow
and see him.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .104 Geary st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .'..... .104 Geary st
RAILROAD DEPARTMENT..........
Teamsters, tunnelmen,< carpenters.....
: ." ....Free , fare
Man and wife for private place, $40; man and
wife for private . place, $30 to $35; 2 miners,
asphalt mine, $2 a day; 5 farmers. $20; sash
and door man, country: snowcase man, coun-
, try.
.......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....
• Meat and pastry cook, $60; 3 waiters, $22 60;
| second hand on bread, bake shop, 9 a week ;
marker and distributor, hotel laundry, $40. -
C. R; HANSEN & CO.. ......104 Geary st
A— 2 NEAT bell boys, with references, for
flrst-claes country hotel, $15 and fare paid, j C.
- R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
A— WANTED
Extra driver and collector for milk route; ex-
perience and references required, $35 and
found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay et
2 STEADY young men, age 18^24, to learn a
good trade; $9 a week to begin with; German
pteferred. LAMBERT. 418 Powell at.
A— 3 TINNERS, 7 good carpenters, 5 cabinet
; makers, 4 bonch hands, 2 shaper hands, 1
aash and door man. Mechanics' Registration
Bureau, 410 Kearny ' st. room 9; non-union
mechanics please register; new Jobs- daily; no
office fees. ¦ ¦:-?^>--'* '¦¦¦'¦¦:.•¦ ''. ; ;. • . :,-y .
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, See.,' 104 7th; tel. Jesslt 151
CUTTER for country. Apply ¦ REISS BROS.
& CO.. 24 Butter st.
COATMAKER8 ¦ and pantsmakers ¦ for country.
Apply ; REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter at. '•_
CO ATMAKER wanted. M. J; KELLER CO.
Oakland. Cal. : :
FIRST-CLASS uphcJaterera. McCANN, BELCH-
ER & ALLEN, 600 Sutter at
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A-MURRAtTrEADT Phone Main 6848
Leading Emplcyment and Labor Agents.
...........WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY... ........
Young man, some experience, for machine
shop •••
Boy for wholesale house ••? 20
Ingersoll drillers... wagon makers
Milkers, farm hands and teamsters, $26 and
$30
TIEMAKERS FARE PAID
E0 tiemakers, 9c to 12c. tools advanced and
fare paid ;
Wood choppers $1 to $3 coro.
Farmer and wife Chore boys
A— ......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Cook, small Dlace, near city, $40 and found;
15 cookB, J30, $40 and $50; bakers, also second
and third hands: washer for laundry; man
for delicatessen store $15 and found; bell boy,
_?10. MURRAY. & TtEADY. 634-635 Clay St.
BARBER, steady Saturdays and Sundays. 623
Union st. near Powell. . •
WANTED — A barber on Saturday, from 4 to
10 p. m. at 812 Battery st. .
WANTED— An errand boy for flower stora, •
Eddy at. ' __^_
— _ . '
WANTED— Boat builders. Apply 646 Second st.
BELLBOY wanted. 29 Stockton st.
WANTED — 4 good carpenters for Jobbing shop:
call early. 1902 Flllmore St.
WANTED— Clean, quick, steady waiter. |43.
Ill Larkln st.
WANTED— A plumber's (boy) helper. 1017
Kolsom st.
"WAITER. New Washington Hotel,' Fourth
and Harrison sts.
WANTED— Thoroughly competent shoeman,
salesman and manager for retail business.
Apply in person at Bee Hive Shoe Co.. 717
Market st
WANTED— Man of business cxoerlence for a
position with a new corporation; must navo
$1000 to Invest Box 402. Call office. _^
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
tklng. UNCLE HARRIS. 16 Grant ave.
WANTED— Young man to learn barber trade.
Call at 721 O'Farrell st.
GET youf shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c
to 50c. 662 Mission Bt.. bet. 1st and 2d wta.
STEADY shoemaker wanted; wages $3 a week.
2140 Fillmore st.
W ANTED— German, sober, reliable, as bakery
wagon driver; must have sufficient experience
in that line and good references; good salary.
Addreea box 371, Call office.
"WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; complete
from 6 to 8 weeks; situation secured; trans-
portation paid; best climate in California.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles.
WANTED at once, an Al all-round bread bak-
er; must be sober and reliable; good salary,
board and lodgings. New England Bakery.
Honolulu, H. T.
WANTED — Experienced electrical wlreman;
must be steady and reliable man: wages $3
-per day. BAKERSFIELD GAS AND ELEC-
TRIC LIGHT CO.. Bakarsfleld. Cal.
GRAND chance to get rich; drugstore, vicinity
of Ellis and Powell sts.; price $1500. Apply
A. M. SPECK. 667 Market st
WANTEIh-At once, three or four high-grade,
reliable solicitors; men of good address; men
who can get subscriptions rcr The Saturday
Evening Post (Philadelphia); salary guaran-
. teed to the right men. 59 Columbian build-
ing, San Francisco.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 519 Sacra-
mento «t., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217' Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; jl to \l per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; Bpeclal-
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old, reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building;
pension vouchers executed. 25e: advice free.
FOR 'sale — A good-paying country barber shop
and baths, suitable for married man. Ad-
dress box S56, Call office.
JEWELERS. 328 Bush St., third floor, room 4.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st >
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices, N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. K.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; "brooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10'.' 6
Valencia at.
HORSES, LIVB STOCK. Etc For SnS
40 HOPvSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
227 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. . DALZIEL, 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSE and wagon, together or separate; suit-
able for grocery. See owner, 156 Ninth st.
FOR sale — 2 horses. . cheap, at Anchor Brew-
ery. 1431 Pacific Bt, near Larkln.
A SHETLAND pony for sale: 5 years old;
cheap. 1375 Eddy st.
FOR SALE — A business, horse, wagon and har-
ness cheap. 1017 Folsom st. • "
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
BAY-WINDOW house of 6 rooms, bath, hot
and cold water; basement. 2C24 Powell st
HOUSE of 4 rooms; good condition. 27 Lang-
ton • Bt. ¦':¦'
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
FINE furniture, complete, of 0-room corner
flat for sale: no dealers. 411C Van Ness.
INVALID CHAIRS AND TRIOVCLES.
EOLD and rented: manfr. of the Eames trlcycl*
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market gt.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Brindle and white greyhound dog. Re-
turn to E. D. FALLON. Eighteenth at. and
San Bruno ave. ; reward. »
LOST— A round diamond scroll brooch, Nov. 21.
Finder will be liberally rewarded by return-
ing same to THOMAS H. BROWNE, 20 Front
at., corner Pine.
_——— _______________
LOST — Saturday, Newfoundland dog, curly
hair; white and brown spots. Return to 11 De
Boom st. ; reward. »
FOUND In carriage last Saturday night— Dia-
mond brestpin; owner can recover by proving
property. MRS. LOUIS SLOSS, 1500 Van
Ness avenue.
LOST— Brown water spaniel; answers to name
of Major. Return to 786A Harrison et. ; reward.
LIBERAL reward— Irish setter dog; J. E. Mll-
lett on collar. Return to 226 Van Ness ave.
FOUND— A 14-foot hunting boat; Nov. 23. Ap-
ply M. TALEVI. 3599 Baker st. Harbor View.
$100,000 TO loan on watches, diamonds, silver,
ceaUklns, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave. •
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MEDICAL.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 122S Market— Ladles'
specialists; 12 years') practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can use It with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. | Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, .moved to 1018 Mar-
- ket; opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe/reliable; practiced in San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consui-
tation free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR.' WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
: successful r practice; guaranteed I treatment at
oi flee, $5; any ailment; home for patients- con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ¦, ladles' • physician ;
treatment $5; positive cure guaranteed: when
others fall • consult, free.- MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 100714 Market expert on dls-
eaaes of women; 16 years' practice in S Fa
cure guaranteed: $5 at office; have cured thou-
aands of cases;, unexcelled success: see free.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, -cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
I ed: send for testimonials; advice free.. Sanl-
tarlum. 704 Sacramento st. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market-Ladies' spe-
clallst; safe and sure cure, $5-.'best careT low
fees; when all others fall consult free. -¦¦.'¦-.
DR. POPPER. ' practical female specialist for
C7 years; can be sent. 323 Kearny at' v
¦ MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; horn*
l.^for patients. 610 Eddy st < ?It has been found that a dozen Portu
guese oysters contain about six grains or
phosphoric, acid: French oysters have
a hunt four eraina ocr dozan. .
MININO STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Ban Francisco
Stock and Ezchange Board yesterday:'
Morning Session.
800 Belcher 20 900 Ophlr M
J0O Best * Belcher. 23 200 Ophlr »7
EOO Bullion 04 100 Potosl l»
10O Caledonia 41 SCO Savage 13
6C0 Con Cal & Va..l 40 200 Savage .• 17
600 Gould A- Curry.l 30 250 Sierra Nevada. 40
100 Gould & Curry.l 15 200 Silver Hill 47
400 Hale & Norcrs. 27 200 Union Con 16
100 Mexican 28 100 Yellow Jacket.. 21
200 Occidental 07
Afternoon Session,
¥/) B<»t A Belcher. 23i BOO Mexican 28
200 Challenge 23 300 Ophir gs
600 Chollar 12 800 Potosl 20
400 Con Cal &. Va..l 45 100 Savage n
100 <3ould & Curry.l 15 100 Silver Hill 45
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Best & Belcher. 24} 100 Ophtr $«
6<V> Challenge Con. i4|400Ophlr S7
S0O Chollar 12i300OphIr 8S
600 Con Cal A V:..l ZS IPO Ophlr JO
400 Con Cal & V.l J7»> 200 Ophlr ........... 91
1700 Con Cal & V.V.I 40 SGO Overman 03
200 Con Cal & V...1 45 2C0 Potosl 19
600 Gould & Curry.l 25 1500 Seg Belcher 04
400 Gould & Curry.l 30 400 Sierra Nevada. 40
100 G'ld & Curry.l 27W 400 Silver Hill 47
1300 Mexican n 200 Union Con 16
800 Mexican 29 400 Union Con...... 17
100 Mexican 30) ., :. .
600 Andes 0« BOO Potosl 20
MO Belcher 19 500 Savage 17
V« Beet & Belcher. 12 200 Sierra Nevada. 40
J00 Mexican 27 100 Silver Hill 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. 'Nov. JJ-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha ..: 02 03 Justice . M OS
Alta 01 03 Kentuck '....... 02 M
Andes .05 CS Lady Wash..... — 03
Belcher ....18 19 Mexican ........ 27 t*
Best & Belcher. 23 24 ! Occidental ...:. 06 07
Bullion .:,. 03 OjlOphIr 67 SS
Caledonia S3 40'Overman 07 03
Chollar -....It 12|Potosi 20 ' 21
Challenge Con.. 23 2* Savage 16 17
Confidence 57 60 Bcbrplon — 04
Con Cal &. Va..l 40 1 45jSeg Belcher.... . 04 ,64
Con Imperial... — 01 < Sierra Nevada. J3 40
Con N-w York. — 02 IPLlver Hill «S 4«
Eureka Con.... — 35 St Louis 10 —
Crown Point.... C3 10 Standard ..V..T.S IS ,—
Exchequer..... — 02 Syndicate ...... 07 —
Gould & Curry.l 10 1 20li;nlon Con...... 15 17
Hale & Norcrs. *2S * M'tJtah ............ 07 • OS
Julia ............' 01 03' Yellow Jacket.. ' 23 24
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
W B McMillan. Boston
K J Greene, Chicago
B Stein Sc w, Oakland
J A Parker. El mlra
7 R Barton. Galesburg
P McDonald. S Diego
T McGrath, Marysvllle
8 P Trevis. Chlco
\V C Colmon, Napa i
G Hourner,.St Louis !
V Lewis, Tesla I
R Thomas, Sao Jose
T Mattson. Seattle
C R Peck. Iowa
K E llerritt, Chicago
V\ r Moore & w. Oakland
1 Flnberg & w, Madera
R T Greer. Seattle
V Smith. Seattle
J Ross. Seattle
J W Poweli. Tesla
PALACE HOTEL.
F w Fisson. Arizona
E J Lawton, Los Ang
A Liebenthal. N Y
D A Hedden. N Y
F S Norris, Portlnd
T Adams, Va
Urs S Seltenbach.Wash
F Lovett, Cal
M H Livingston, N Y
M A Cohen. N Y
H C Davidson. N Y
L Thanhausen, X T
W L Stewart, Cal
I W Macdonald, L An
W A Cooper, Los Ang
E Gainsburg. N T
r H Craig, N Y
B E Green. Los Ang
C Wler. Los Ang
G B McAnenr, Cal
Mrs G B McAneny, Cal
Mrs F J Mackey, Cal
W Darr, Wallace
J Cohn,' St Louis
W H LaughUn. Ohio
Mrs W H LaughUn.
Ohio
E E Reed, N Y !
T B Fisher, N Y
W H Baldwin. USA
Mrs A Elsas. St Louis
Ura W H Baldwin, U
A
G Loeb. San Jose
L Moore, Ohio
H P Crous, M T
W A Voll. N T
E S Vance. Oakland
C R Spllvalo. Belmont
Mrs C R Spllvalo. CaJ
W Haralamb, Cal
W O Kerckhoff. L Ang
Oscar Long, USA
Mrs Oscar Long. Cal
Miss Grove S Diego
A Kavanagh. USX
G- W E Goodman Jr.
Napa
W A Clark. Montana
J R Clark, Montana
A Underwood, Montan
E D Marshall, Phils.
W H Cowles, Denver
P F Wlbem. Ottawa
P B Rickey, Carson i
D £ Skinner. Detroit
A S White. N T
Mrs A S White, N T
J W Eddy, Michigan
R R McOook. USA
A Elsas, St Louis
GRAXD HOTEL.
L G Hare. Salinas, Cal
H Shall, Topeka
J H Webster & w, Or
W Neumann, Cal
B Dtnkeleptel. Suisun
P J McKlnney, St Lou!
F L Caughrey. Uklah
C J Deedman, Cal
C W Fitzgerald. Cal
Dr J J Murphy, Cal
W M Atkinson, Cal
C Francee, Salinas
A B Treadwell. Cal
V. A Sutherland, Cal
A H Hertman. Cal
a F Ditzler. Biggs
W Moorhousc. London
J E Bell & w. Everett
L Kerman. Everett !
P W Morse, Watsonvll
Dr J Clark, Qllroy
T W Dorey, S Jose
R E L Good. Clovis
Miss H Swain. Cal
Miss E Swain, Cal
Ulss Burney, Watsnvll
'.' C Gibbons, L An?
Mrs L O Stephens. Cal
li de I^ew & w, Saeto
SI H Shackelford, Cal
A II Hart, Martinez
B F Beck & w. Cal
E B Waterman. Cal
H D Sill, facto
A M Vhose. Sacto
H Wlard. Sacto
Mrs R Allison. Alaska
A Anderson. Sulsun
Mrs A Anderson. Cal
F Simpson. Los Ana;
D H Coaley. Oakland
A P Adams. Fresno
B J Turner. Han ford
E P Woodworth &. w.
Santa Crui
L Bloom. Cal
J W Smith. Los Ans;
Mrs J T Griffin. Win
nipeg
Mrs R Cochrane, Win
nipeg:
E A Stuart & w. Seat*
tie
Mis*. Stuart. Seattle
V B Fisher. N Y
w T Green, Celusa
O C Leiter, Portland
|R A Leiter. Portland
Mrs R J Schnabei, Cal
Mrs H A Barrow, Cal
tf D Kercheval, Cal
S K Nash. Cal
In 8 Noyes A w, OaMd
IJ M Stone. Seattle
Time Ball.
BranO Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. _San Francisco, Cal
November 23, 1900. '*
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c, at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIN3.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In chary;*.
Received Their President.
The reception and banquet given by
Young Ladies' Institute No. 7 to Grand
President Miss A. M. Potthoff and Miss
May Stein, grand vice president, was at
tended by almost the entire membership
of the institute and a few specially invit
ed guests. The reception took place in the
institute hall at Market and Tenth streets.
After a formal greeting there was -an
evening of entertainment. President Katie
Buckley • welcomed the grand officers,
Florence Dempsey favored with a piano
solo; Miss Mey Stein had' a few words' to
say in response to the address of the pres
ident; then followed a mandolin solo by
Miss Celia Young; an essay by Mrs.
George Richardson, and a vocal solo by
Joule Shea. The evening closed with an
address by the grand president. The com
mittee of arrangements consisted of Katie
Buckley. Cella Young, Florence Dempsey,
Josie Shea, Nano Mahoney and Kittle
Bm ke.
BEFEREE GREEN SAYS .
A~ HEARSE IS EXEMPT
Vehicle Necessary for an Undertaker
.to Conduct His Business in
Proper Manner.
¦ Frank "W. Green, referee in bankruptcy
for Shasta County, filed a report yester
day in the clerk's office of the United
States District Court, in which he decides,
subject to the approval of Judge de Haven,
that F. J. Muller. a Reddinp undertaker,
is entitled to claim a hearse as exempt.
Referee Green nays: «
"I find that in view of the recent deci
sion by the United States Circuit Court of
App«als, where the horse and wagon of
a painter were held to have been exempt,
that this hearse would be as necessary
to an undertaker as the horse and wagon
were to the painter, and therefore I am of
the opinion that said hearse is exempt
from execution."
A result of the entertainment re
eently . given by Berkeley Chapter, No.
178, of the Order of the Eastern Star, lo
cated at Berkeley, In behalf of the mem
bers of the* order who were sufferers by
the Galvesion disaster, was a contribution
of $121 35. which will be fax-warded
to the grand chapter In Texas.
The Krand matron of the order In Texas.
In a recent letter, states that California
hai« responded more generously to the call
to assist members of that order than any
other State In the Union. The total con
tributed from this State will exceel
Jim ;, . '- ¦/¦•>->'? ¦
California Eastern Star.
Same owners with Knowles & Relchley (con
tractors), architect same — Carpenter work.
jtiazinp. stairs, galvanized Iron, hardware,
painting, steel shutters for came on same;
U335.
Bame owners with Dyer Bros, (contractors),
architect same— Can and , »rought-iron and
eteel work tor same'on earne; SIfrM.
John Breuner Company (o»ntr) with Rich
ard Keatinee (contractor), architect R. H.
White— Excavations, concrete work, sidewalk
arches and ba.«em*.t floor for a S-story brick
building with concrete basement on lot on SE
line of Steven«>n street, 176:6 NE of Sixth, NE
60 by SB 70; $»20.
Fame owner* with Robert Mitchell.(contrac
tor), architect same— Mason, brick and stone
work, chimneys and flue lining for same on
same: Jtic.i.
Builders' Contracts.
There In no better mirror than a tried
and true friend.
Mark Schwartz, driver for W. O. Ob«r
dauer & Co., 18 First street, appeared be
fore Judge Cabanlss yesterday on a
charjre of manslaughter. The evidence
showed that Schwartz Jumped out of his
cart at California and Polk streets to
hitch his horse and stumbled and fell,
frightening the animal, which bolted. At
Polk and Pacific streets the horse collided
with John Fitzharris and Injured him *o
severely that he died the following day.
The Judge held that no negligence on the
defendant's part had been shown and dis
missed the case.
Fitzharris' Death Accidental.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minute* later than at Fort Point; tne
height of tide Is the same at both places.
Br Btmr Carmarthenshire. Burch, 25 days
from Moji.
Schr Lizzie Prlen, Hansen, 7 days from Elus
law River.
Schr Corinthian. Korth, 3 days from Black
Point.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 72 hours from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Friday, November 23.
Etmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria: O R & X Co.
Stmr Santa R.^a. Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Ger stmr Isls, Groot, Hamburg, etc; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. . '
Fr ship Vllle de Mulhouse, Glrard. Queens
town; Glrvin & Eyre.
SAILED.
. . Friday, November 23.
Stmr Pouth Coast. Olsen. Eureka. '. ,-
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridirett, Ventura.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllng, Nanaimo.
Stmr Cbrona, Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr Clepne, Miller, .
Stmr Glpiy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, Portland.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, Greenwood.
Ger stmr Isis, Groot. Hamburg and way
ports.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Chemalnus.
• Ship Servia, Nelson. Melbourne.
Echr Sparrow, Dart, Eureka.
Schr Ploner. Mtkkelsen, Coqullle. River.
Pchr Antelope, Borg, Coqullle River.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. Bowens Land-
Ing.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary Sachs. Llndbrldge. Gallapagos
Island and codflshing.
Schr Lily, Bottger, Umpqua River.
Echr Free Trade, Joansen. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 23. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE. velocity 6 miles.
Per Br ship Bermuda— July 27, lat 11 « N,
Ion 2S 37 %V. Br bark Orion, from Shields, for
Port Pirie. Auk 11. lat 53 N. Ion 22 21 W. Br
ship Ben Dears, from Shields, for Santa Rosa
lia. Nov 6, lat 15 N. Ion 119 41 W, Br bark
Inveramsay, hence Oct 27, for Queenstown.
Sept 9, lat 30 N. Ion 113 W— Br ship Pegasus,
hence Auk 17, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
DELAGOA BAY, Sept 23— Bark Snow & Bur
geas, while entering port at Lourenzo Marques
In charge of pilot, grounded on a sand bank
and remained all night, which made her leak
badly. The vessel's own steam pumps kept her
free. Oct IT. no chance in the leak.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Nov !3— Stmr Mack
inaw, hence Nov 20, for Seattle.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 23— Schr Sailor
Boy. for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Arcata,
hence Xov 21.
BO WENS LANDING— Arrived Nov 23-Schr
Newrak. Beck, hence Oct 22; Btmr Navarro,
hence Nov 22.
EUREKA- Arrived Nov 23— Stmrs Eureka
and North Fork, hence Nov 22; schr Maxim,
hence Nov 17; stmr Alliance, from Astoria;
schr Mary Buhne, hence Nov IS; schr Eliza
Miller, hence Nov 16.*
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 23— Schr Dauntless,
for Grays Harbor.
Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Coqullle River, for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 23— Br ship Astra
cana. from San Diego.
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 14— Schr H D Ben
dlxen, for Port Towiuend.
Sailed Nov 14— Ship Chas E Moody, for Puget
Sound. ' •- ¦ •
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Nov 23-Stmr Lakme,
from Eureka.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 23— Btmr Noyc.
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 22— Ship Occidental,
hence Nov 3. Nov 23-Stmr Cottage City, from
Alaska.
Sailed Nov 22— Stmr Willamette, for San
Francisco. Nov 23— Stmr Jeanle, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Al-Ki, for Skaguay; Nor itmr
Kvarven, for Portland.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Nov 23— Br ship
Clan Macphereon, from Honolulu.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 23— Schr Columbia, for
Sydney.
UMPQUA RIVER— Sailed Nov 21— Schr Lou
ise, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 23— Schr
Dora Bluhm. from Kahului. for Port Hadlock.
Sailed Nov 23— Schr Alcalde, from Port Blake
ley, for San Pedro: ship Charmer, from Oys
ter Harbor, for Kahului.
Passed Inward Nov 23— Br bark Kllmallie.
from Victoria.
Arrived Nov 23— Schr Mary B Foster, from
Honolulu, for Port Blakeley.
Passed up Nov 23— Ship Sintram, hence Nov
11, for Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Nov *>— Bkta
Jane L Stanford, for Honolulu.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Nov 15— Br ship Lord
Templetown. from Port Ludlotr.
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 23— Br stmr Brec
onshire. from Tacoma.
PORT ARTHUR— Arrived Nor M— Br stmr
Flintshire, hence Oct 23,
PANAMA— Arrived Nov 1— Stmr City of Syd
ney, hence Oct 9, and tailed Nov >. for San
Balled Nor IS— Etmr City of Par*, for San
Francisco. Nor J— Btmr Barracouta, for Cham-
P \oKOHAMA— Arrived Nov M— Br stmr Gae
s'aLINAS °CRUZ— Arrived Nov «— Br schr
Alexander, hence Oct 23.
NANAIMO— Arrived Nov 22— Stmr San Ma;
teo, from Port Los Angeles; stmr 8an Jose,
hence Nov 18. '-¦'¦'¦ -_'
ACAPULCO— Sailed Nor ; M— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco.
COQUILLE RIVER— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr
Mandalay, forx San Franctsco* via Crescent
City ¦ ¦ - * ¦
MANILA— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Leelanaw,
hence Oct 10. '- '
TAKU— Sailed Nov 1— Stmr Callfornian. for
OCEAN STEAMERS.
OCEAN STEAMERS, \
NAGASAKI— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Strath
bvJc from Manila, etc. for San Francisco.
GENOA— Sailed Nov 13— Stmr Totmer. for Sao
Francisco. ¦'• - ¦
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Penn
land from Liverpool, for Philadelphia; stmr
New' England, from Liverpool, for Boston. :
HONGKONG — Sailed Nov 23— Stmr^Olympla,
for Tacoma. * - .
LIVERPO0£«— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Cevlc. for
New- York.
¦ GI^ASGOW— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Sardinian,
re- New York. .-•- ¦•<
MOVIL.L.E— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Furnessla.
from Glasgow, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 23— Strar L'Aijul
talne, for Havre. v
Sailed Nov M— Stmr Nomadic, for Liverpdol.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
THE overdue, fleet la growing day
by day and in' consequence the
underwriters are getting scared.
Vessels that should have made
port months ago are now some
where on the ocean and the gambling cm
their chancea of ever reaching port I?
growing. . :
The British ship Yarana, well known
here, is now out 155 days from Santa
Rosalia for Iquique. She took a general
cargo from Europe to the Central Amer
ican port, and was on Mer way to Iqtii
que to load a nitrate cargo for San Fran
cisco. Seventy per cent reinsurance Is
being paid on her.
The Antonie is now out 203 days from
Sydney, N. S. W., for Rotterdam. She
carries a carpro of wool and flax and the
underwriters fear that spontaneous com
bustion has made an end of the vessel.
They are paying eighty per cent to rein
sure their chances, n
The Alsterdamm Is 1S2 days out from
New York for Yokohama. She carries a
cargo of coal oil, but the chances do not
seem to be so very much against her, as
the underwriters are only offering twen
ty-five per cent on the chances that she
will not reach port.
The Flottbeck is 195 days out from
Tampa for Yokohama. She also Is not
thought to be a good risk, and only fif
teen per cent is being paid on her.
The Prince Victor is now out ninety
nine days from Newcastle, N. S. W;j for
Honolulu with a cargo of coal. When the
Doric arrived from the islands a few
days apo without any nottce of the ar
rival of the coal ship the underwriters at
once offered forty per cent to reinsure
their chances. The fear is that the Prince
Victor's cargo has caught flre and that
a total loss will follow.
The Rathdown is now out fifty-three
days from Yokohama l!or Portland, and
ten per cent is being paid on her, while
the Sofala is out forty-six days from
Yokohama and the "Westgate seventy-one
days from Hongkong, bound for this
coast. On both vessels fifteen per cent
reinsurance is being paid.
The fear for all the fleet now in the
southern seas is caused by the news of
a terrific hurricane that has swept
Samoa, Hawaii and Japan. The tail end
of it. is said to have been the south
easter that made trouble here last Tues
day night. In any event eight good,
stanch ships are overdue and the under
writers are gambling whether they pay
$1,000,000 insurance money or lose $200,000
in reinsurance.
MOVEMENTS OF TRANSPORTS.
The Freight Transport Aztec May Not
Get Away Before Monday.
The freight transport Aztec may not
get away for a day or so. The horses
that were to have gone on her have been
sidetracked and mules to replace the ani
mals lost on the I^eelanaw will go on her.
In the meantime the big carrier will have
to remain tied up at the wharf until the
mules can be gathered together and sent
down to the front. It Iook3 from this
that the "long-eared breed" is more of
value in the Philippines just now than his
better bred cousin.
Cut Rates to Mexico.
The opposition is going 1 to meet the Pa
cific . Coast Steamship Company's cut of
fifty per cent to all Mexican ports. Cap
tain' von Helms is determined to get 'his
share of the trade and his associates are
more than ready to back him up. Enough
freight has been secured to load the Mex
ico, and at every port she will meet the
Curacao on the return voyage. In this
way the Mexico has the'call on the trade,
as according to the laws of Mexico a ves
sel flying the Mexican flag must always
be given the preference "even though the
rates should be higher." The Mexico
will fly the Mexican flag, while the Cura
cao is an- American bottom.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
Matters of Interest to Mariners -and
Shipping Merchants.
The Adderly loads lumber on Puget Sound
for Sydney, owners' account, prior to arrival;
the ' BermuSa, wheat for Europe, 4 Js, prior to
arrival. . . •
Departure of the Kosmos Liner.
Wheat Shipment.
The Kosmos line steamer Isls sailed yester
day for Hamburg, via . Central and South
America, with a general cargo, valued at S127,
260, manifested asMollowe: For South Amer
ica, $110,802; Central America, $12,816;. Ham
burg, $2603; Russia, $617; London. $230; Ant
werp, $172. The following were the principal
shipments: ¦
For South America— 500 cs ammunition, 16
bdls brooms, 60 cs brandy, 11S0 lbs beans, 2313
cs canned goods, 25 cs coal oil, 937 bdls cordage
58,95S lbs codfish. 11,676 lbs dried fruit, 24 ci
candles, 13,127 bbla flour, 653 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 970 lbs hops, 25 bales hay, 5059 lbs
ham and bacon, 11,000 lbs lard, 5 cs lamp goods
122 cs liquors, 7 cs 6 bdls leather, 8 pkgs ma
chinery, 1509 pkgs mlllstuffs, ' 5000 lbs malt, 14
bdls spice. 130 cs oil, 50 bdls oars, SO crs pota
toes, 150 en raisins. 900 cs prunes, 34 c» soap
2102 c% salmon, 12 chests tea, 23.514 lbs tallow'
20 cs turpentine, 68 cs whisky, 6360 gaJs-77 cs
wine. -6720 ctls wheat. -
In transit— 2 cs silk, 1,082,000 lbs silver lead
ore concentrates, valued at $32,927.
- For -Central America— £0 csks bottled beer, 3
drums coal oil, 3C4 bbls flour, 6 bxs fruit, 17S.V
feet lumber, 9 kegs nails, 4 bbls 2S cs oils 920
cs powder, 3 cs caps and fuse, 100 flasks quick
silver. - -: • . • ;
- For Hamburg — 1169 gals wln«, 4717 lbs bees
wax, SO cs honey, 3 es effects, S cs onyx. '
For Russia— 16 crs mining machinery.
For" London— 4532 lbs hops.- •¦
For Antwerp— 49 cs canned goods. .
In transit to London — 23 cs dry goods, valued
at $2500. :
The- French ship Ville de Mulhoiise cleared
yesterday for Queenstown Tor orders with S4.04G
ctls wheat, valued at 190,000. and 25,000 - feet
lumber dunnage, valued at |250. Total value.
J90.I50. * '
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November 23.
- Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 3S hours from Port
Los Anreles.
Stmr Uipsy. : Leland, 33 hours from Monterey
and way j^rts. " , . ¦ • - ¦ ¦ , <
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. 35 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Samoa, Jacobs, 28 hours from Eureka.
-Ftmr City of Puebla, ¦ Jepsen, 53V4 hours from
Victoria, etc. - •
A FLEET OF OVERDUE SHIPS WHICH UNDERWRITERS ARE BEGINNING TO FEAR WILL. NEVER REACH
PORT. AND ON WHICH REINSURANCE IS BEING SOLD. THE RATES RUN ALL THE WAT FROM 10
TO 9i TO L • • .
Says It Will Be Economical
to Pass It Without
Delay. .
Calls Meeting of the House Commit
tee on Military Affairs for
Discussion of a
"Measure.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— Chairman
Hull of the House Committee on Military
Affairs to-day called a meeting of the
committee for next Tuesday, He hopes
that a quorum will be present and that
the committee can go to work immediate
ly on the outlines of a new bill..
"It will be in the direction of economy
to pass the army bill without delay," said
Mr. Hull to-day. The army now in the
Philippines will have to be brought home
in the summer — that is, those of the men
who do not care to re-enlist. The trans
ports which go out for them should de
part laden with troops who are to replace
thf.m, else the ships will make one voyage
empty."
Sir. Hull was in conferepce to-day with
the President and with officials of the
War Department op the character of leg
islation desired by the administration. He
said the President will communicate to
Congress fully his recommendations about
the army ana he did not assume to speak
the President's mind In advance.
He thought, however, that the* adminis
tration will not be content with any
makeshift legislation, any proposition to
continue the present law for two years
more. His impression was that the Pres
ident wanted authority to raise a
regular army sufficient for the needs of
the country, 100,000 men if necessary, the
number to be reduced when there was no
longer any need for them.
Mr. Hull said the Taft commlsion had
reported that 15,000 Filipinos could be en
listed immediately in the army for the
Philippines and that they would make
good soldiers under American officers.
There was no fear of a repetition of
Great Britain's experience with the Se
poys, for the Filipinos, Mr. Hull said,
nave no national feeling like the natives
of India. Moreover, added Mr. Hull, the
experiment of enlisting native troops has
proven successful and there are no more
loyal and efficient soldiers than the na
tives enlisted in the British "? army in
India. '
NEW WAR REVENUE BZLL.
"Will Provide for a Reduction in
Stamp Taxes.
WASHINGTON*. Nov. 23. — Chairman
Payne and Representatives Dalzell and
Hepburn, acting as a sub-committee,
spent a portion of the day in drafting a
bill to amend the war revenue tax. The
peneral provisions of the bill have been
agreed upon. The reduction to be made
will be in stamp taxes, as heretofore in
dicated. A member of the committee said
to-day that although there was some dis
cussion concerning reductions upon beer
and also on cigars, cigarettes and tobac
co there did not seem to be any inclina
tion to reduce the present tax on these
articles as long as there remained stamp
taxes, which, he added, were obnoxious to
every one using them.
Although it is generally understood that
there is a complete understanding among
the members of the committee as to what
changes will be made, it is understood
that no Ironclad agreement has • been
reached-and any part of the bill can be
taken up and changed. But the members
of the committee do not expect many
changes, for it is said the full Republican
membership will not be likely to meet
again until next Friday, one day before
the full committee is to be called together
The committee expects to present the bill
to the House on the first or second day
of the session.
HULL SPEAKS
OF ARMY BILL
WASHINGTON*. Not. 23.— Horrible con
ditions existing: among: the Chine«a
aboard vessels in the Alaskan salmon
canning industry are portrayed In a re
port by Assistant Surgeon L. L. Lumsdon
at Angel Island. California, which has
just been made to the Marine Hospital
Service. He say* a number of vassela
have returned to San Francisco from tha
Alaska country with the history of sev
eral deaths of these Chinese worker*.
There were no physicians aboard and as a
rule no satisfactory account of the nature
of the Illness was obtainable rrom. respon
sible persona.
"The3e vessels." jcays the report, "sail
from San Francisco In March and April,
each vessel taking- about IS Chinese to
work at the canneries. Last spring neany
3uOO Chinese were taken from San Fran
cisco for this work."
The assistant surgeon says he has been
unable to arrive at a doSnite conclusion
as to the true nature of the disease, a*
the symptoms, while resembling them. ar«*
not entirely these of either scurvy or
beri-beri. The disease probably is one of
malnutrition, resulting from exhaustin<
labor, yoor quality of food and filthy sur
roundings. Tiiese Chinee are recruited
from the poorest and roughest element
of Chinatown and are held in practical
»ia.very by the Chinese bosses who pro
vide this labor. They often are worked
eighteen hours a day and live in barracks
in utter disregard of cleanliness and sani
tation. The fish they eat frequently la
well advanced In putrefaction. It h dli3
cult to conceive fully of the fllthiness
aboard.
The Chinese quarters are dark and
damp and the sanitary conditions are un
fit to print. The white men on these ves
sels disclaim responsibility for trm condi
tions under 'which the Chinese live arur
transact all business with them through •
Chinese foreman, the so-called No. 1
man." Five thousand cf these Chines*
recently haye come into Chinatown, San
Francisco, and with the'r lowered vitality
¦would fall ready prey to any infectious
disease, and thus menace public health.
It is ur?ed that these coasting vessels bo
made subject to the same laws as vessels
engaged in deep-sea voyages. ,
Assistant Surgeon Ltxmsdon Says
Sanitary Precautions An Negf
lected — Consequent Spread
v of Disease.
Attention Called to Condi
tions at the Can
neries.
MUCH SICKNESS
AMONG CHINESE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1900.
Vessels That "Were in the Hurricane Reported
Hast Week Are Being Reinsured.
OVERDUE SHIPS ARE CAUSING
THE UNDERWRITERS UNEASINESS
.TO SAIL.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the -arly morning tides are given In tb» left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the day,, except when there art but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
¦riven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast . Survey charts, escape
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given is subtracted from tha
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer.
rnce is the mean of the lower low waters.
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
13
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Steamer.
from.
Due.
Rival ..........
Willamette ....
Nome City.....'.
San Pedro .....
Alliance
Bonlta ,
Progreso .......
Queen;....'......
Eureka .........
Santa Barbara.
Bmplra I .,.*.*,•
O. Wi Eltjer...
Arcata
Robert Dollar..
llattewan'
Nippon Maru...
Curacao f.;.v.V.*.|
[Wlllapa Harbor....:...'..
Seattle......
Cape Nome...
Redondo.. .V...:..
Portland and Coos Bty.
Newport.........
Tacomn...
San Dleso.. ...............
Humboldt........
Humbotdt
Coos Bay
Portland
Coos Bay
Sfattle.
Ta coma ..'.
China and Japan
Mexico..........
| Nov. 24
[Nov. U
(Nov. 2i
Xo\-> U
Nov. 24
Nov. a
Nov. 23
Nov. 2S
Nov. 21
Nov. 23
Nov. S
Novrta
Nov. 24
Nov. 2i
Nov. 27
Nov. 21
|Nov. XI
Pomona ...(Eureka.. 'Soy. ZI
Del Norta Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 2S
Corona Nov. 13
Senator Alaska & Puget Sound. Nov. »
ZealanJla Honolulu Nov. 23
Australia Tahiti Nov. 2S
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 23
Rainier Seattle Nov. M
Santa Rosa.... San Diego Nov. 29
Point Arena.... Point Arena Nov. £?
Jeanle Seattle Nov. 29
South Portland Seattle Nov. 30
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 30
City of Sydney! New York via. Panama Dec. 1
Columbia Portland Dec. 1
Steamer. I Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 24, 11 amlPler 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 24. 2 pmiPier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 24, 2 pm Pier •
San Pedro. Humboldt Nov. 24. 10 am Pier !
Santa Rosa San Dlepro Nov. 25. 9 am! Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 2S, 10 am! Pier 2
Albion; Honolulu Nov. 25, 10 am Pier S
Newburs .. Grays Harbor Nov: 2«, 5 pm
S. Barbara. Humboldt Nov. 26. 18 am Pier 2
Eureka .... Humboldt Nov. 27. 9 am Pier 13
City Puebla Victoria Nov. 27. 11 amIPier »
Bonlta Newport Nov. 27. 9 ami Pier 11
Emplra Coos Bay Nov. 17. lOamlPler 13
Rival WUlapa Nov. 27, 3 pm I Pier S
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Nov. 23. 9 am Pier 20
Czarina ...Seattle Nov. 2S. 5 pm Pier S
Queen San Dleito Nov. 2S. 9am!Pierll
Doric Chtna&Japan Nov. 28, 1 pmiPMSS
Acapulco .. New York Nov. 2S, 12 miPMS3
Arcata Coos Bay (Nov.*?. 12m'Plerl3
Oeo. Elder. Portland Nov. 29. 11 am Pier 24
Corona ....Newport Nov. $5. 9am'Plerll
Manauense Mexico Dec. 1. Um)Pier27
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 1. 9 am|Pler 3
Sun rises ..
Sun sets ...
Moon sets .
8:59
4:S4
6:59 p. m.
Z lTimel ITlme Time ITtmel
¦ I— — I Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft.
» |H "WJ |L W . |H W |L. W|
24... 1:3S 4.5 6:51 3.1 11:43 5.7 6:54—0.8
K ... t:H 4.6 «:4> 3.2 12:2S 5.5 7:36—0 4
28... 3:06 4.8 7:41 3.2 1:18 5.2 8:22—0 2
27... 3:50 5.0 8:50 3.2 2:» ' 4.S 9:12 0.1
23 ... 4:33 5.1 10:02 2.8 3:33 4.5 10:05 0.6
2i» ... 5:l« 5.3 11:16 2.2 6:001 4.2 11:00 1.1
30 ... 6:00 5.5| l*:20 1.6 6:27J 4.2
Steamer.
from.
Due.
Rival ..........
Willamette ....
Nome City.....'.
San Pedro .....
Alliance
Bonlta ,
Progreso .......
Queen;....'......
Eureka .........
Santa Barbara.
Bmplra I .,.*.*,•
O. Wi Eltjer...
Arcata
Robert Dollar..
llattewan'
Nippon Maru...
Curacao f.;.v.V.*.|
[Wlllapa Harbor....:...'..
Seattle......
Cape Nome...
Redondo.. .V...:..
Portland and Coos Bty.
Newport.........
Tacomn...
San Dleso.. ...............
Humboldt........
Humbotdt
Coos Bay
Portland
Coos Bay
Sfattle.
Ta coma ..'.
China and Japan
Mexico..........
| Nov. 24
[Nov. U
(Nov. 2i
Xo\-> U
Nov. 24
Nov. a
Nov. 23
Nov. 2S
Nov. 21
Nov. 23
Nov. S
Novrta
Nov. 24
Nov. 2i
Nov. 27
Nov. 21
|Nov. XI
Pomona ...(Eureka.. 'Soy. ZI
Del Norta Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 2S
Corona Nov. 13
Senator Alaska & Puget Sound. Nov. »
ZealanJla Honolulu Nov. 23
Australia Tahiti Nov. 2S
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 23
Rainier Seattle Nov. M
Santa Rosa.... San Diego Nov. 29
Point Arena.... Point Arena Nov. £?
Jeanle Seattle Nov. 29
South Portland Seattle Nov. 30
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 30
City of Sydney! New York via. Panama Dec. 1
Columbia Portland Dec. 1
Steamer. I Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 24, 11 amlPler 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 24. 2 pmiPier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 24, 2 pm Pier •
San Pedro. Humboldt Nov. 24. 10 am Pier !
Santa Rosa San Dlepro Nov. 25. 9 am! Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 2S, 10 am! Pier 2
Albion; Honolulu Nov. 25, 10 am Pier S
Newburs .. Grays Harbor Nov: 2«, 5 pm
S. Barbara. Humboldt Nov. 26. 18 am Pier 2
Eureka .... Humboldt Nov. 27. 9 am Pier 13
City Puebla Victoria Nov. 27. 11 amIPier »
Bonlta Newport Nov. 27. 9 ami Pier 11
Emplra Coos Bay Nov. 17. lOamlPler 13
Rival WUlapa Nov. 27, 3 pm I Pier S
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Nov. 23. 9 am Pier 20
Czarina ...Seattle Nov. 2S. 5 pm Pier S
Queen San Dleito Nov. 2S. 9am!Pierll
Doric Chtna&Japan Nov. 28, 1 pmiPMSS
Acapulco .. New York Nov. 2S, 12 miPMS3
Arcata Coos Bay (Nov.*?. 12m'Plerl3
Oeo. Elder. Portland Nov. 29. 11 am Pier 24
Corona ....Newport Nov. $5. 9am'Plerll
Manauense Mexico Dec. 1. Um)Pier27
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 1. 9 am|Pler 3
Sun rises ..
Sun sets ...
Moon sets .
8:59
4:S4
6:59 p. m.
Z lTimel ITlme Time ITtmel
¦ I— — I Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft.
» |H "WJ |L W . |H W |L. W|
24... 1:3S 4.5 6:51 3.1 11:43 5.7 6:54—0.8
K ... t:H 4.6 «:4> 3.2 12:2S 5.5 7:36—0 4
28... 3:06 4.8 7:41 3.2 1:18 5.2 8:22—0 2
27... 3:50 5.0 8:50 3.2 2:» ' 4.S 9:12 0.1
23 ... 4:33 5.1 10:02 2.8 3:33 4.5 10:05 0.6
2i» ... 5:l« 5.3 11:16 2.2 6:001 4.2 11:00 1.1
30 ... 6:00 5.5| l*:20 1.6 6:27J 4.2
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
PERRT. 174— Two large nlcly f JTjished hott*e-
kr* rtaa. : hot. colJ water. ba.:h: rea^ouable.
TjUVER. 1KJ. nesr Fourth— 2 or X rooms fur-
i>f*h«-<l for housekeeping; cheap.
TKHAMA. 42.— Housekeeping rooms.
OLAf^IKIED advertisements and subscriptions
received «t Call branch oince. ?2P0 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fuhfccriptlnns his been established &t lOtt
Valencia ft.
nOOUS TO LET Para, and Inlarn.
A-iJKl"NS\V~ick~HVuseJ US Sixth- Kooras "J5c
to Jl 5*r raeht; Jl 5 to U per week, and light
ho -*< k* er+ii*r ; oj^n all night.
lUT-NKXT. 1O5 Slarket (old No. ISM)— Fur-
r.tshrd rraJ-. suite*, single; also unfurnished.
EPDY. :<4» -Sunny furnished rocm; re±*on-
able.
EPPT. cr;— Pleasant sunny cultc roon-s sult-
afcie fcr one or more gentlemen. -
FOLSOM. ?€S, cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished yur.r.y rms.. slncle. suites; reasonable.
CFAP.Y. ttl ' Tne Navarre)— Elesantly furnished
rm; suites or slr.gje: travelergaecommodated.
GRAND SOITTHERN. southeast corner Seventh
cr.d Miys'.on tu.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Eir.s'.r: ladies' parlor; readlcg-room ; elevator.
LARKIN. $**— Bunny front rooaa neatly fur-
r.ifhed; 1 cr 2 persons; JS.
I. AS FALMAS. 1STS Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rrr.s. : private- bath; tin. rms; board optional.
McCLELLAXD. 200 Turk st. -Changed hands:
r.ewly renovmted; all rooms facing either
Tark or Jonc« et.: rent reasonable. j
M1XXA. l?i— 1 largg tunny bay-window room.
NEV. ARLINGTON. 1015 Market tt.— Nicely
fumUhed looms. Jl a. week up; ZSc s> day up. |
CKTTAVIA. 14C3. cor. Geary— Furnished bay- j
window; i\in all day; mantel; large for 2. :
OTARRELL. 2>-Suncy furnished rocms and I
eff.c*; elevator; electric lights; day. svk.. mo.
r<~>l-K.. !?«»— Large nicely furni»b«<d runnv |
r>?rss; arr>ve. bath; very r^as?na.bl»; private, j
TOST. «31— To rent, small furr.isned front roorr.: |
neither tfrir.k r.cr smoke in -he house; Prot- '
cstact Christian preferred; $5 per month.
F.OYAL House. ir« Ellis ct.— Incandescent light;
reading-room. »moklns-room and ladies" par-
ior; roojriS, per cicht, ?jC to $1 50; week, 12 to
JS; month. {$ to %'¦': elevator en ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
r.OSEDALE House. 3IJ and 321 El!Is St.— Rooms.
r.icht 2Sc to II. w«ek fl 25 to J4: open night.
6 HERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth «t..
rear Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
FIXTH. 136— Furnished suite of rooms. iruitaM* |
for buEicers; privilege of light hou«?'ir> i-ir-T-
THIRTIETH. rTi— 3 nice sunny furnished
mom* to let; fine view; private family.
Tl'RK. US— Furr.ifh^d room, «u!tab!e for gea-
¦'»~jir.. SS mnnth. j
TVRIT. US— Vice #lncle room for gentlemen;
tl r*r ¦week; private family.
VAN NES5. il'V'*— Newly furnished runny
r erne; very <rrver.ier:t: large closets.
CLASSIFIED «dv»>rt!!^ments and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. U0O Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at Wi
ROOMS AM» nOABD.
SELECT family hotel; cew interior; three ep*'-
cial dir.nrrs weekly; rates to establish. 807
California st. I
. BOARD and rooms, at 42J First St.. near Har-
nton. ' -
ROOMS A\D DOARD WANTED.
UaNTED- Board for S children In a plain
h->n«s»t family: rtate terms and particuiars.
A44t-<-*s bcx 41S. Call office.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED fry a Japanese cotiple. hocrekeeping
room. conveniently located; respectable
r«mee: j»rni«sf5t; Ftate terms. Box 3SS. Call.
S PECIA L XOTICES.
Fa"B tenants ejM-ttd for 14: coUeotionV midT:
'•'tj' -«• «ountry. PACIFIC COLLE^TTION CO..
*'i Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55W.
BOOKS rar»erea from j: «•; whitened. Jl up;
_ -'vmlrg qor.c Har.man Paint Co.. S13 Third.
tBtt'ISO MACHI.VES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kin<1s bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pgirtejc lowest rates; open even. 305 Fourth.
B'.il'GHT, sold, rented. r*r>alr>d; needle* and !
ehu-tlm: r*-duc*<i rates. 14S 6th; phone Mint 5 ;
ALL kinds bought, »old and repairlTig gnaran-
*«"1 rhsrlM ria.n-.beck. l?15 Mission, r.r. 15th.
5TOR.A.G12 AXD WARGHOl'SES.
EEKtN? Van and Storage CoTTTa^IlsslonnBtr;
tel. Main 1540; rtiipplng at cut rates.
V.ILSON BEGS ..storage and moving; co\-ered
vans. Teeth and Market; phone Bouth TS2.
PACIFIC Ptrrar* and Furniture Moving Cam-
rany. t33» Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 181.
TVFE\VRITERS A.\D_SLPPLIES.
€REATT^ARGAlNV^lTVTFlivfBITERS^M>
•ell better machines for less money than any
bous« in the city: rentals, $3. The Type'wrlter
Exchange. •",;$ Califorsia; telephone Main 2£6.
Al.^n'ATS bargains in typewriter*: any make.
Write for price* to L. A M. ALEXANDER.
1!8 Montgomery st.
SLOT MACHINES. •
BOUGHT acd sold; new and second-hand; large
<J!tp!ay: very cheap. lltT Uarket.bet. 7th & 8lh.
COPART.>ERSHIP .NOTICES.
THE partnership heretofore, existing between
R E. COLE and YV. T. MURPHT. livery
MshJ* keeper*, at 146 Third Ft., has been dis-
W. T. MLTIPHY has succeeded to
t.^e pArtn*rshlp fourlnpss and will assume all
f'-jtstanding icdebtednfss. collecticjr and pay-
inS' the njn«. Dated Ran Francisco, Novem-
'¦»r Z2. M<«. V. T. MI.'P.PHY.
DIVIDE>D NOTICES.
IjTCTdend ' Xoike^Dhi'deai No! ill (fifty
cjnts per «hare> of th« Oceanic Steamship
<2-mp&r.y will be payable at the office of the
company. «?T Market et., on and after Satur-
day. December 1. 1*00. Transfer books will
Cioee on S*turd»y. November 24. 1909. at 12 m.
E. H. PHELr>ON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS-
EIIjS WANTED— Notice ts hereby given that
faled proposal* will be r*cel\-ed by the Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13. 220 Sansome. st.,
ten Francisco, Cal..' up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATCRDAT. December f. 1*00, and opened
immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
rr.arr+r and enmmiesary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville). for rir months commencing.
Janury 1. 1W1. and ending June ». 190L Sched-
ules with information and Instructions for
submitting bids will be furnished upon appli-
cation by the underelrned. Bidders will care-
fully follow the conditions of the schedules,
and no bid will be considered unless it is in
accordance with ruch schedules. Each bidder
r. f accompany bis bid with a certified check
Btpoa some well-known and responsible bank-
:: s hous« for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Kir.ne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
i »i!l enter Into a good and vslld contract upon
r.otk-e cf acceptance as required by law. The
bf-ard reserves the right to reject any or all
bid* and to order any quantity oxer or under
the amount specified.
Adirpf* J. i. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of iJirectors cf the Veterans' Horn* of Call-
fwrrla. room 13, 2T0 Bansome St., Ean Fran-
r\t<yj, Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
">r». J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
~MAEEIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wer* Issued
y«?*t«:rd»y;
.'•¦i:Ti M< a ':>y. 34. £06 Minnesota etreet, and
Mary Mrt.*uilough, 14. 1113 Folsom street.
John ilyland. 34. Berkeley, and Mary A. Mul-
len. ST, 42 Luniy at'enue.
.'!.." Morelllci. 32.. 1S3 Tehasia street, and
Belle White, IS. 411 Foinom street.
John H. L*e, 23, city, and Mary E. Ellis, 34.
tit}-.
.-p rr.uf-! A. Goldstein, 23. E3 Rio, Cal.. and
Dora Cohn, SS, city.
Henrjr A- Wobb^r, 80, C5 Hermann street.
8n4 Uarla Richards. J3. C2V Herrr.ann street.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handrd
ir to. either of the publication offices and b-
'-!¦¦: : Tf-1 with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
HAP.BACGH-In Berkeley. November 17. im
to the wife of I. W. Harbaugh of RosedaLe.
K^ra 'dainty, a yon. . .
~~ MABEIED.
Bt' hFORD~HAYES*-rn this city. November 7.
IM*. Uy J. ¦ 1^ Barrj-. Justice of the Peace.
Jtmn P. Barfnrd csf Seattle, .Wash., and
"Anna Hayes cf Fixjkune. \Va»h.
COX-SIEM-In this city, November tl. 1!W,
by the Rev. E. H. Avery. D.D.. John II. Cox
\eji4 Anna Marta Slem.
ML'.VRO- WILLIAMSON— la this «ity, N'o-
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i ¦. Steamers leava Broadwar
wharf, San Francisco t
fcTE-i For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
WfoOW • Nov. 27, Dee. 2. Chang* tn
Pjr*f^i/ytfa. company's steamers at Seattle.
R*. HSvini For Victoria, Vancouver <B.
IlQMjSjJai r - > - Port Townaend, Seattle.
EKM^rjS*£t Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes.
f^'^KHrjWj and New Whatccra (Wa.«h.)—
every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamar*
for Alaska, and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N". P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Nov.
24. 29. Dec. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Ban Diega. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles>— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. a
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cajru-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavtota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hneneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (I»9 Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. * a. m. ; steamer
Bontta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jot* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rnealla,
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right ts chang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous nottce.
TICKET OFFICE -1 New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteO. -•
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.." Gen. AgeaU.
ID Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Prom 6r»ar-stre»t Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr z\z First Class Including Berth
InnC S3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov 24. Dec. 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Not 29
Sfcort Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Ea«t.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
(30 Market rt. .
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m ..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kob* rllioifo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia. «tc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
S3 NIPPON MARC ~
.....Thursday. December t. 13W
S3.'"aMERICA MARC li. .-• I'-li'-,,^
Saturday. December 25, 13W
Via Honolulu. \ - •••'¦< ¦
S3. HONGKONG MARK. ::".„,
Thursday. January 24. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's of&ea.
421 Market street, corner ef First.
W. H. A\'ERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
nr toex. mcthamptos . iosdoj. ?im
Etoppts? at Cherbourg, westboand.
From N«w York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m. .
Kensington. ...Nov. 23 I South wark....-Deo. IJ
St. Louis Dec I 1 St. Louis Dec. tt
New York D«C 13
RED STAR LINE.
-' New York and Antwerp.
From New York Ev«ry Wednesday, 13 noon.
Kensington.. ..Nor. JS | Soathwark Dee. 1$
Noordland Dec 5 [ WeaternUnd...De& U
Friesland Dec II I
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
K Montgomery st. Or any of its agmu.
oceanics.s.co. sssssss,
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Monday. December 3. 2 p. rsu
B3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
, Tnesday. December 4, 4 p. ra.
S3. 6IERRA. for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. Dec 12, 9 p. m.
J.0.$PH£CJElSiB?OS.CO.,»5tJ..TidLSt05c8.B43IartstSt
f ri$A Iffia, 327 Martat St. Pier la. 7. Pacific \l
COMPAGNIE GE.VSRAL5 TK1H3ATLA5TIQUX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. .^^.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1^30. at »JflaB»«B«i
10 a. in., from Pier 42. North River, foot ©f
Morton street. First-class to HavTe. $35 and
upward. Second-class to Havre. U2 SO and up-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR . UNITED
STATES AND CANADA, tt Broadway (Hudson
building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI ft CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents. & Montgomery avenue*
San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALUJO.
Steamer "Atontlcello.'*
FIEST TRIP SATTJBDAY,
0:45 a. m., also 3:15 and 8:30 p. a-,
Norember 24.
vember 21. 1900. by the' Rev. William Rader,
Allan Munro of Seattle, Waeh.. and Phoebe
C Williamson of Ban Franciscow ¦ -
DEED.
Bellman. Vincent Kennedy, Henry A.'
Brady, Michael Lingren. Miss Mae
Burbank. Frances A. Mclaughlin. Patrick
Byron, Frank Marcus, Oscar
Canavan. Catherine Morris. William
Daneliy. George Mulvin. Joseph E.
Day, Ann M. , Munroe, George R.
Diel, Libbie Murphy, Matthew
Eddy. Hetty R. Powell. Louis
FiMimmons. Michael Sath. Jennie A. '
<Jay. Nicholas K. Schwartz. Everett
Haggett. Myrtle H. Whitehorn. Phoebe
BELLMAN-In this city. November 23. 1900,
Vincent, beloved hujband of Margaret Bell-
man, and father of Robert A., Vincent. Ifa-
Ix 1 !. Eustace. Cecii J. and Alice M. Bellman
and Mr*. O. C. Gallagher, a native of Hast-
lrir*. England, ased 73 years.
%^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 3737 Twenty-third street. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city. November 22. 1900. Mich-
ael, beloved husband of Kate Brady, and
father of Mamie, Peter and Jeremiah Brady,
a native of County Cavan, Ireland.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1443 Seventh avenue. South San Fran-
cisco, thence to All Hallows' Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the rei>ose. of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Bay View Lodee
No. 159. A. O. U. W.: You are hereby noti-
fied to assemble at your - lodgerooms this
day (Saturday), at » o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral of Brother Michael Brady. By order of
the master workman.
WM. J. B. WARNER, Recorder.
BURBANK— In Berkeley, Norember 22. 1900.
Frances A Burbank, beloved wife of Lester
Burbank, and mother of Louis Burbank, a
native of New York State, aged 64 years 6
menths and 20 days.
BYRON— In this city. November 23. 1900. Frank
Byron, a native of Missouri, aged 37 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. €36 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ••
CANAVAN— In this city.* November 21, 1900.
Catherine, beloved wife of Patrick F. Cana-
\an, daughter of Mrs. C. Kane, and sister of
Jarr.es P. Kane and Mr?. C. E. Drish, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 31 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day I
(Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her brother, James P. Kane, 1C0 Lexington
avenue, near Eighteenth street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencinc at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crcs* Cemetery.
DANEHY— In this city, November 23, 1900,
Georye, dearly beloved eon of James and
Caroline Danehy, and brother cf Charles, Wal-
ter, Pavid. Edward. Mary. Irine. Carrie, Ne»
lie and Alice Panehy and Mrs. W. Wise, i-
natiTe of San Francisco, aeed 19 years and 7
months.
C7"Remains at the parlors of James Mc-
Menorr.ey & Son, 1057 Mission street. Notice
of funeral hereafter.
DAY— In this city. November 22. 19C0. Ann
Maria, beloved wife of Paul Day. and mother
Geor*» E.. Charles T. and Rosa Day and
Mrs. Mae Sims, a native of Dublin,- Ireland,
aged 72 years 4 months nnd 17 days.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 940 Mission street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where services will be held.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DIEL— In this city. November 22. 1900. Llbbl*.
dearly heloved wife of A. T. Piel. and daugh-
ter of Mrs. F. M. Fow't, a native of Califor-
nia, aged S't years 9 t.T •nth? and 5 days.
C^The remains will be forwarded on this
morning's S:SO o'clock train to Gait, Sacra-
mento County, where the funeral and Inter-
j ment will take place this afternoon.
EDDY— In this city. November 23, 1900. Hetty
R. Eddy, beloved daughter of Mrs. W. P.
Merriam, a native of San Francisco, aged 11
jears.
FITZSIMMONS— In this city. November 23.
1900. Michael, beloved husband of Ellen Fltz-
! dir.moDJ, father of David. Brother Jasper.
• John, Catherine, James and Joseph Fitzsim-
! mons. and brother of Thomas Fitrsimmons.
a native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 63
years S months and 5 days.
C^Remalns at the parlors cf MeAvoy &
Co.. 1I33 Market . street, between Eighth and
Ninth, fr^m where they ¦will be shipped to
Eureka. Humboldt County, this day <Patur-
day), at 12 o'clock, per steamer Pomona.
GAY— In Clayton, November 23. 1900, Nicholas
Klrkwood Gay. beloved son of James and
' Mary Gay. aged IS years and t months.
EI7"Interment to-morrow (Sunday), at 12
o'clock, at Martinez. Friends and relatives
ar* respectfully invited.
HAGGETT— In this city, November 23. 1900,
i Myrtle H., dearly beloved daughter of Forrest
and Lizzie Haggett. and sister of Hazel.
Chester and Perry Ha^sett, a native of San
Francisco, aged 13 years and 4 months.
! KENNEDY— In this city. November 23, 060,
Henry A. Kennedy, a native cf Jit. John, N.
B.. ared 45 years.
LINGREN— In Eureka, Humholdt County. Cal..
November 23, 190%. Miss Mae Liugren. beloved
daughter of Captain Llngren. and sister of
Annie ana Alfred Ungren. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 21 years and 2 months.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. November 23. 1900,
at his residence, 20 Eleln Park. Patrick, be-
lor«d husband of Mary McLa.u?hl!n. and
father of Nellie and Joseph McLaughlln, Mrs.
I John J. McAdams and Mr*. Jamee H. Dono-
hoe, a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged
7? years.
E^Notice cf funeral hereafter.
MARCUS— In this city. November 21. 19<K>, Os-
car, beloved brother of Charles. Emil and
Josie Marcus, a native of Sweden, aged S!
years 1 month and IS days.
¦ CTFriends and acquaintances and members
I cf the Longshore Lumbermen's Protective
Association are respectfully invited to attend
the- funeral this day (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from the parlors of Halstod & Co.,
W6 Mission street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery, t
MORRIS— In this city. November 23. 1900. Wil-
liam Morris, a native of Delaware, aged 46
years.
MULVIN— In this city, November 23, 1900, Jo-
'eeph E., beloved son of William and the late
Mary Mulvin, and brother of Mary E. Mulvin,
a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years.
CRelatlves and friends are requested to
attend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at
1 o'clock, fn>m his late residence. 22 Rondel
place. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MUNROE— In this city. November 22. 1900,
George R.. beloved husband of Margaret Mun-
rc-e. a native of Scotland, aged 6S years.
t^TFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 1
o'clock, from his late residence. 4096 Seven-
teenth street, opposite Diamond. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
MURPHY— In the City and County Hospital.
November 23, 1300, Matthew Murphy, a na-
tive of New York, aged 41 years.
POWELL— In the City and County Hospital.
November 23. 1M0, Louis Powell, a native of
Ohio, ared 13 years.
SATH— In Alameda, November 22. 1900. Jennie
A. Sath. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John F.
Ssth. a native of Denver. Colo., aged 21 years
' months and 11 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are renpect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from. 202S Enclnal
' avenue. Interment private. tj
I SCHWARTZ— In this city. November 22, 1900.
Everett, beloved husband of Olive Jocephlne
Schwartz, and father of Marguerite and Ra-
chel Schwartz, a native of Bangor, Me., aged
4S years 1 months and 25 days. A director of
the Wllmerdlng School.
" CTFrlends are- respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from his late residence, 1714 Clay
street. Interment at Weston, Mass.
WHITEHORN— In Uklah, November SO, 1900,
Phoebe Hester, beloved wife of George White-
horn, mother of Muriel E.. Clifford and Doris
Whltehorn, daughter cf Charles and Hester
Kewell. and sister of Charles H.. Frederick
W. and Etmelle W. Kewell and Mrs. Minnie
j. Francia. a native of London, England,
aged 25 yean 10 months and 6 days.
CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday*, at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2047 Mission street, near
'¦•venteenth.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannaran & Gallaeher)
. . DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS>
20 Fifth St.. opposite. Lincoln School.
Telephone South to.When the matter was again discussed
Dubose declared that he had advised hia
When the papers, on appeal came Judge
Noyes declared that the Circuit Court of
Appeals had tied his hands and that he
would do nothing. Ho refused to give an
order. restoring personal property and told
the attorneys that they would v have to
flght the matter out. Subsequently, when
the question of receivership came up,
Judge Noyes declared that he felt that in
Borne of .the cases he had made a mis
take.
P- Sullivan, as Chief of PoUc», to recover
c $ r 5S& pa 2 ei ? ** le * ed to be of the value
of J6000 and to have been illegally lelzed
and held by the Police Department
The papers In question ar« lottery tick
ets and were seized In a police raid ten
SU^^^^ii^c^^. 4011111 * 11 *-
JSuit to Recover Lottery Tickets.
Ladles' tailor-made buIu «llk B Mrt B t»*
~P«; liberal credit. M. Rolh^hlS. ff^,.^
Webster's Case Submitted.
r Th " ™*»°n Physicians always recommend
Jesse Moon. »AA" whiskey i, becausHhey
know of its absolute purity. u * taus < ia W
TONY FEBROEI PAIXS
FBOM FOTJBTH STORY
While Cleaning Windows His Foot
Slips and He Is Bashed to
Death.
Tony Ferrori, an employe of the Pro
gressive Windowand House Cleaning Com
pany at 506 Bush street, was instantly
killed at 3:15 yesterday afternoon by fall-
Ing from the fourth story of the Bakpr
& Hamilton building on the corner of
Pine and Davis streets.
The unfortunate young man was stand
ing on the window sill, cleaning the upper
sash when his foot slipped and he fell
headlong to the sidewalk. He was killed
instantly, the back of his head being
mashed to a pulp. ueiDS
v » Ml!U k I £ ttle Dw y er . an employe of Ne
ville. & Co.. across the street was look
L n , K Z u } ot a wlndow and saw FeTrorl lose
hI * and fall. The body remained
hours 6 FgUe *or TeverS
"This dissolution is made solely for bus
iness motives. I thought the plan over
and came to the conclusion that we could
mutually do more work and serve our
clients better by this change. Mr. Sloss.
as you know, will shortly go on the
Superior Court bench, and consequently
I thought there was no time like the pres
ent to make a change. There la no 111
feeling existing among members of the
present firm; in fact, we shall all oc
cupy the office rooms that we now hold.
The present personality of the firm waa
organized Just ten years ago." Cards an
nouncing tha change will be published
shortly.
The firm is composed of William H.
Chickering, William Thomas, Warren
Gregory, Marcus L. Gerstle and Marcus
C. Sloss. The latter member of the firm
was recently elected to the Superior
bench and consequently had to sever his
connection with his professional ' asso
ciates during his term of office. After
due consideration the other members of
the firm decided to dissolve.
Messrs. Chlckering and Gregory con
tinue together, and Thomas and Gerstle
will form a separate firm. The two firms
will still retain their present offices In the
Mutual Life building.
Several members of the firm were in
terviewed yesterday and they admitted
the fact. "JVllliam H. Chlckering, the
senior member, made the following state
ment:
It will be a great aurpriie to the legal
fraternity to learn that the members of
the firm of Chlckering, Thomas & Greg
ory have decided to dissolve partnership.
This is one of the oldest legal firms in
this city and has been established over
twenty years. The reason given for the
dissolution Is business interests.
Decide to Sever Connections
for Purely Business
Reasons.
OLD LEGAL FIRM
WILL DISSOLVE
Trunk» * trmvelln* bar*.' .Before buy-in* >c«
our bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.,'12SEllU.«
United States Commissioner George E. :
Morse has - appraised the value , of the
I schooner Guide at $1500 in the matter of
1 the libel filed by the Western Union Tele
graph Company to recover $8000 damages
for a submarine cable alleged,' td have
been broken by the schooner.
Value of the Guide.
missal of Chief Meredith was the result
Since then it appears that the rule has
been relaxed and that attorneys for the
Chinese have been allowed to inspect the
transcripts in the bureau.
Chief Dunn was opposed to this pro
cedure from the first, but he was over
ruled by his superior. « He has' at last
succeeded In effecting a much desired re
form and the coolie brokers are holding
a wake. -
applicant in case a landing was denied by
the Collector, and a recourse was had to
a writ of habeas corpus.
Under the order issued by Secretary
Gage this aid to perjury has been taken
away from the coolie brokers. When a
case is brought up on habeas corpus be
fore United States Court Commissioner
Heacock the new witnesses will be In the
dark as to the former testimony, and the
commissioner will be enabled the/ more
readily to detect perjury. -
The order of yesterday was Issued upon
the representations of James R. Dunn,
Chief of the Chinese Bureau. He is now
in Washington and has informed the Sec
retary of the newest "dodges" that have
been resorted to for the purpose of land-
Ing coolie laborers In this State.
About two years ago The Call exposed
the fact that copies of the transcripts of
testimony had found their way into the
nands of the coolie brokers.- : The Call
made a thorough investigation cf the
management of the bureau,, and the dis-
It« purport was that hereafter no per
son not a member of the Chinese Bureau
should be permitted to examine the tran
scripts of testimony on file In the bureau.
These transcripts contain the statements
and sworn testimony of Chinese immi
grants desiring to land, and of their wit
nesses.' Recently attorneys for the Chi
nese have been permitted access to the
transcripts and to thus become Informed
of the stories told by immigrants and
their wltneesen. • This Information- waa
used by their Chinese clients for the pur
wose of coaching the witnesses and tho
A telegram was received by Acting Cus
toms Collector Jackson yesterday morn
ing that caused consternation among the
coolie broken <>s soon as a knowledge of
its content* reached Chinatown. The
U'legracn wma signed by Secretary Gage at
Washington, D. C, and was as peremp
tory »i <1 unmistakable In its language as
It was brief.
Instructions Are S?nt to Acting Collector Jackson to Stop the Abuses Are
Reported as Existing Here.
FRAUDS IN CUSTOM HOUSE AT SAN FRANCISCO
MUST CEASE, IS THE ORDER OF SECRETARY GAGE
"No."
"That is all."
never mentioned, however, the name of
Noyes.
As a sum total of his profit from the
Alaska Gold Mining Company, Walters
declared that he had received $200. After
a few minor questions were then asked,
Walters was turned over to the cross-ex
aminer.
"Do you know Dudley Dubose?" asked
Geary.
. "Yes."
"Ever have any mining relations with
him?"
But Attorney Pillsbury had not finished,
and before Walters had left the stand he
declared that in everything that Mc-
Kenzie had concern a favorable decision
from Judge Noyes was a "cinch." ¦ . .-"
Samuel Knight was the first witness on
the stand after recess. He related briefly
the • circumstances under which Judge
Noyes appointed receivers for the impor
tant claims in which Knight, as attorney,
was interested. In every .case McKenzie
acted as receiver, with Hubbard, Beeman
and Hume as his attorneys. In one case
Dudley Dubose acted in that capacity, al
though he was also attorney for other in-,
terests. The entire, complicated legal
story was told again to show how Mc-
Kenzie was deeply and financially inter
ested in the claims over which the court
gave him jurisdiction. A significant asser
tion of the witness was that the papers
In the case, in which McKenzie was ap
pointed receiver, were made out in appar
ent haste. Mr. Knight understood that
McKenzie and Judge Noyes had arrived
at Nome together.
The proceedings In August, to set aside
the order appointing McKenzie, were then
described. Judge Noyes refused to vacate
the order, but gave no written opinion.
The receiver had taken possession of the
claims, two of ¦which ¦were worked and
out of which about $42,000 In dust was
taken.
Returning then to his discussion with
Attorney Hume Knight declared that the
greatest haste had been shown and Hume
explained that In his opinion he believed
that th« proper remedy was injunction
and not receivership. He told me, said
Knight, that Hubbard informed Jiim that
Judge Noyes would appoint a receiver.
CHARGES OF BRIBERY.
Judge Noyes Accused of Accepting
The bonds given in each case were
J5000, while $.s a matter of fact $15,000 a day
Money to Influence His Opinion.
every day. This state of affairs developed
until the owners of the mine swore to a
complaint charging twelve of the miners
with robbing the mine. The Marshal re
fused to serve it, but later another war
rant was issued.
At this point Judge Houghton was asked
to give way to E. M. Walters, a miner of
Nome. Walters described a deal In which
he swore that. McKenzie misrepresented
affairs to him. Walters had certain prop
erty and McKenzie promised to negotiate
a sale under conditions favorable to him,
McKenzie, the witness declared,- secured
various properties- and organized a gigan
tic corporation, with a capital stock of
$10,000,000, of which Walters was to receive
$475,000 in stock. Tills has not yet been
received by him.
Schemes to Care for Legislators and
SENATORS AND JUDGES.
Provide Jurists.
After reciting a mass of uninteresting
facts the witness struck a rich lead which
led to the national capital and to thedevi
ous ways by which mining may be made
profitable. During the various stages of
incorporation the question of mining laws
became important and McKenzie told
Walters that ?t would be necessary so to
change the mining laws as to make it
possible to take In the beach claims. This
McKenzie said, so the witness testified,
would be an easy matter, but of course
he would have to take care of some of the
Senators at Washington.
The witness declared that McKenzie as
sured him that this would be a very easy
matter. Then he would have to look after
a good, honest Judge who would see that
their interests were not neglected. All
of this, Walter3 said, McKenzie promised
to attend to without fail.
In this way the Alaska Gold Mining
Company was organized. Walters was to
get his $475,000 in stock, $500 a month and
dividends. As a matter of fact he re
ceived nothing. McKenzie offered $5 a
day, but Walters didn't neeed the
money. Then came the appointment of
McKenzie as receiver of the various prop
erties, all of which are rich and all of
which came under the control of McKen
zie. He assured Walters that the Alaska
Gold Mining Company wpuld eventually
win all the properties. ; . ,/.
Retracing his steps, Walters declared
that McKenzie had assured him in New
York he had a good man in view for
Judge and would probably secure him. He
was being taken out of one mine and
$10,000 a day out of another. Upon this
showing Knight had asked Judge Noyes
to raise the bond to $100,000. Judge Noyes
promised to take the matter up, but after
a few days declared he had forgotten.
The request was never granted. Judge
Noyes said that McKenzie was a reliable
man, an appointee of the court, and that
from time to time, as the receiver ob
talned gold, the bond would be raised.
ATTORNEY SAMUEL KNIGHT CREATED A SENSATION YESTERDAY BY SWEARING BEFORE COMMIS*
SIONER HEACOCK THAT UNITED STATES DISTRICT ATTORNEY WOODS AND DISTRICT JUDGE NOYES
ARE THE LEADERS OF A RING ORGANIZED TQ FAVOR THE ARCH SPECULATOR McKENZIE.
On the morning of July 23 McKensie told
him that he had been appointed receiver.
Calv:n ar.d McKenzie met that morning,
and Calvin said that he was going to
Siberia with a French Count for S15 a
day and expenses. McKenzie replied:
*'Ycu stay here, as we want you. As soon
as the Judee signs these papers we will
want you and 1 will give you $20 a day."
"At that time," said Calvin, "McKen
zie had a team hitched in front of his
office. About 5 o'clock in the afternoon
we took the team and with deputy re
ceivers and deputy Marshals went to
Discovery. Another team was then
hitcned up and the same thing was done."
"He was taking out bunches of them?"
asktd Attorney Pillsbury.
"Yes," was the reply. "He was In a
hurry and now and again he would go
down toward the Golden Gate HoteL fio
put Comerford in charge of Discovery."
The witness then described in detail
how McKenzie took possession of the
various claims, the Marshal in each in
stance being installed as receiver and
Calvin remaining to watch proceedings.
Two days after came orders to close down
the claim and bring the gold dust down.
This was done and then, on the follow
ing day. Calvin received orders to arrest
the men who were working the beach.
Affairs moved slowly for some time until
CaJvin was called upon to act as deputy
receiver for "No. 8" and the upper part
of "No. 5." And then McKenzie cut his
ealaiy from T2f) to $10 a day.
Calvin said in conclusion that he nat
urally took an interest in the Alaska Gold
Mining Company, as he had been promised
$50,000 In stock, which as yet he had not
received. The stock of the company rep
resmted all the claims and not any single
claim of the company.
S. C. Houghton was the next witness,
whose testimony bore directly upon the
manner in which District Judge Noyes
created receiverships. The witness re
lated the circumstances under which the
affairs of the mine became deeply In
volved. On the very day in July when
Judge Noyes arrived he was asked to
grant an injunction in a suit Instituted by
the owners of the Topkok mine arainst
alleged trespassers. . "And then Judge
Is'oyes appointed a receiver, did he not?"
asked Pillsbury.
"He did," was the reply.
"At your request?"
"On the contrary," was the reply. "It
was at the request of adverse Interests."
The witness then described In detail the
operations of the beach miners who
worked In front of the Topkok mine and
gradually encroached upon the property
which belonged exclusively to the mine.
These depredations and encroachments,
the witness. Insisted, grew more serious
How McKenzie Carted Bunches of
Eager Receivers to the Mines.
During the day the organization of the
Alaska Gold Mining Company and what
is alleged to have been its attendant
frauds were outlined. Shadows of United
States Senators and men high in judicial
power were thrown into prominent an<i
none too pleasant relief. Glimpses were
given of how laws are made to please
wealthy interests and how Judges are
chosen to suit the needs of partisans.
Neither Judges nor legislators were
spared in comment and when the day
was finished a clearer idea had been
given of the bitterness which has con
trolled contending factions for the gold of
Nome. Knight was submitted to a search
ins cross-examination, and although his
direct testimony was in no particular im
paired a strong light was thrown upon the
ways and means of securing affidavits
from men who claim to have bribed
courts. In conclusion Knight was accused
of having fled from Nome, not because
he feared contempt, but for an offense
very much more serious.
The first witness of the day was S. R.
Calvin, who had been employed by Mc-
Keczie in connection with the exciting
events which attended the affairs of the
Alarka Gold Mining Company and the
Toj<kok mine. Calvin had been a man of
general utility, assisting in perfecting the
appointment of receivers, driving away
the miners from the beach, arresting them
and making himself generally useful to
his employers. Comparatively his testi
mony was of minor importance, but its
most significant aspect was to show that
McKenzie possessed some means by which
he could tell in advance what Judge
Noves was going to do. Further than
this Calvin had very little light to throw
upon the subject on which the great fight
is raging.
CAPTTJKING CLAIMS.
SENSATION followed sensation
yesterday in the investigation of
Cape Nome mining affairs, which
is being conducted under the
guise of contempt proceedings
against Dudley Dubose. before United
States Commissioner Heacock. Attorney
Samuel Knigrht was the star witness of
the day and through him the rumors, in
definite charges, insinuations and general
ities of misconduct on the part of United
States District Judge Noyes took definite
shape in ugly charges that Judge Noyes
is corrupt in office: that he has accepted
bribes; that he has an authorized go-be
tween for the npgotlation of dishonest
bargains with powerful litigants, and that
he Js a member of an irfluentlai ring of
tricksters and schemers who are striving
to grab the gold of Nome. The testimony
was sensational, and even as It was,
Knight insisted upon declining to reveal
what he claims will make it worse than
It is.
He recited the circumstances which lei
F. P. Reece to make an affidavit in which
he swore that he had bribed Judge Noyes
¦with CO00, but no amount of questioning
could induce him to tell what else there
is in this startling document. Knight de
clared that he believed from the testimony
of trustworthy witnesses that Judge
Noyes, United States District Attorney J
H. Woods, Archie Wheeler, the stenogra
pher of Judge Noyes. and the arch specu
lator, McKenzie. are parties to a mam
moth conspiracy and members of a cor
rupt ring. •
Sensational Testimony Given Before United States Commissioner Heacock by Attorney
Samuel Knight, Who Swears That He Believes the Evidence of Men Who Say
That They Bribed the Alaskan Jurist to Induce Him to Rule in Their Favor.
clients not to obey the order or the Cir
cuit Court. Judge Noyes also said that
he did not believe that the orders which
he had made were appealable. He re
fused positively to sign the orders pre
sented by Knight, but finally he did Issue
an order staying all proceedings.
The Incidents of McKenzie's arrest were
then described. After the arrest the Mar
shals went to the bank and there It was
discovered that $9000 belonging to Knight's
clients was missing. This practically con-
I eluded the direct examination.
Under cross-examination. Knight devel
oped nothing particularly new, Geary con
fining himself solely .to a discussion of the
j bonds. It was only after Knight had been
j released from cross fire that he developed
the sensation of the day. the ugly
charges, allegations and insinuations of
bribery against Judge Noyes.
In his own behalf Knight then made a
statement. He declared that some time be
fore he left Nome he bad heard that
money had been corruptly used and said
he: "I believed that it, was my duty to
make a .thorough Investigation." As a
result of» that Investigation, Knight de
clared that he had received an "affidavit
In which F. P. Reece swore that he had
paid $2000 to Judge Noyes as a bribe to in
fluence his official action.
"Reece came to my office and informed
me that he would give me evidence of the
¦ most important character on condition
that It should not be given publicity while
he was in Nome. He was; afraid that
Judge Noyes would imprison him and he
did not wish to spend the winter in jail.
On October 19, at night In my office, I took
the deposition of Reeco and on the follow
ing morning I was to appear in the
chambers or Judge Noyes. District At
torney Woods, Archie Wheeler, Judgo
Noyes' stenographer, and Judge Noyes
were present. Wood asked me If I had an
affidavit in which a public officer was
charged with crime.
"I told him that I had seen such an af
fidavit and Woods demanded it. I re
plied that the affidavit contained allega
tions which required Investigation and
that I would think the matter over. That
afternoon -I left Nome on the same
steamer with Reece. This is the story of
my departure and any man who says
that I bribed Judge Noyes or attempted
to bribe him in my office or any other of
fice tells a falsehood."
CORRUPT RINGSTERS.
Knight Makes Startling Allegations
Against Alaskan Federal Officers.
"Do you know of any person," asked
Attorney Geary, "who either directly or
indirectly bribed or attempted to bribe
Judge Noyea?"
"I have been told," was the reply, "that
he had been offered bribes and had taken
them. But this is hearsay."
"Do you know that Judee Noyes ac
cepted a bribe in any case? asked Geary.
"I decline to answer, as the evidence I
have may not be trustworthy."
Being pressed time and again for a re
ply. Knight finally answered:
l 't have heard such charges against
Judge Noyes from persons whom I believe
to be trustworthy. 1
"Who were these persons?" Geary per
sisted.
"I decline to answer."
Attorney Geary then made a long excur
sion in an effort to learn why Knight had
so hurriedly left Nome for this city. The
questioner claimed that Knight feared ar
rest for having, he alleged, asked County
Clerk John T. Reed to antedate certain
documents. Knight most emphatically
denied this allegation or his fear and the
Incident was dropped. Much time was
then consumed In tracing the various
steps by which Reece came to make his
affidavit. accusing Judge Noyes with cor
ruption.
The inquiry developed that Reece
wanted $1500, but Knight paid him $750 for
his expenses from Nome to New York,
where he was to hold himself in readiness
in the event that his testimony would be
needed at a Congressional investigation.
An effort to secure from Reece a second
affidavit failed, and the questioner inti
mated that Reece had already made a
second one in which he declared that the
first was false. After skirmishing for
awhile Geary asked Knight why h© had
not shown Noyes the affidavit in which
the accusations were made against him.,
and Knight replied that he did not in
tend to give such information to the ring.
With that the cross-examination ended
and Attorney Plllsbury again took a
hand.
"What do you mean by a ring?" he
as iced.
"When I say the ring," replied Knlgrht,
"I mean a combination in which .were
Judge Noyes and District Attorney
Woods to favor anything that McKenzie
wanted."
"Was Archie Wheeler, the stenographer
of Judge Noyes, a member of that ring?"
"I had heard that he was the go-be
tween for Judge Noyes," was the reply,
and with this answer tho examination
ended. It will be resumed Monday morn
ins.
JUDGE NOYES IS ACCUSED OF BEING THE CENTER
OF A MOST POWERFUL AND CORRUPT MINING
RING THAT IS NOW RULING CAPE NOME
THE SA1ST FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1900.
14
<NCfift»o"A7t9 H9P Is wJ &w
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
TO OUR FRIENdTaND PATRONS.
VTB KINDLT ASK TOUR TSmW-
GEN'CEFOR THE LATENESS OF LAST
WEEK'S DELIVERY. OWTMO TO THB
LUMEN SITT OB* ORDERS THAT
POURED IN. WE HAVH ADDBD
EXTRA TEAMS AND IN FUTURB
WILL TRY TO ACCOMMODATE ONB
Fairbanks Gold Dust, 3-lb pkg 15c
Regular 30c package.
Table Fruits, extra quality,* 3 cans 50c
Peaches. Apricots, ream.
Limit s cans. Regular 2So car.
Finest Creamery Butter, square 40c
Regular 55c.
Choice Point Reyes Butter, square 35c
Regular 43c
Imported Sardines, 3 cans 23c
In pure ollva oil- Regular IStto.
Best City Eggs, dozen 40c
From tho Mission. Regular 45a
Petaluma Ranch Eggs, dozen 23c
Guaranteed. Regular SSo.
Choice Brandy, quart bottle 70c
Regular H.
Bid well's Boiled Oder, bottle 20c
Regular 23a
Ghirardelfi's Cocoa, j-lb can 20c
Regular 25c.
Port and Sherry, gallon 93c
S years old. Regular H.M.
American Extra Sugar Cora, 3 cans 25c
Limit • cans. Regular ISHo.
Old London Jamaica Rom, bottle 75c
New England rum. 75c. Regular £.
Citron, Lemon and Orange Peels, 13c
Regular 20o lb.
New Crop Nuts, Ib I3e
Almondj, Walnut*, FlltorU,
Pecans, Brazils. Regular Ka
0!d Government Whisky, quart bot 93c
Bottled In bond. Regular $1.23.
Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate, Hb en 23c
Regular 20c
Renown Cigars, ' 7 for 23c
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage ot tae»» special tale*.
We ship FREE of charge within 100 mile*
Ask (or monthly Price List. Free.
1348-1354- MARKET STREET.
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. 292. No Branch Store*.
To-Day and Monday
Bil Best Dry Granulated
nO SUGAR
lUU FREE!
With 3 lbs Best Mocha and )m Coffea
FOR f DOLLAR
COLONIAL TEA CO.,
No. 7 SIXTH STREET,
Three Doors Below Market Street
SEE OUR THIS WEEK'S COMBINATTOX AT
THE STORE.
Tor a Cold in tho Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. f->
H&le'a. | Hale'a.
store open to=night
big jolly old Santa Claus has
arrived and will hold his first
reception at 7 o'clock to-night
in his novel ice palace on the
fourth floor.
he has brought with him his little -»w_
brownie secretary to book the christmas fnjgyjjaSi^v
wants of his young friends, and his lit- !PliraiBfc§>j
tie brownie policeman — who eives him- s^?^»
' self all the airs and importance of "one
of the finest"— to protect his workshop. J^V^^C^^*
that Santa may not be lonely, so far
from his beloved north pole, we have 'JaM\ •%))) JwlfSfc
invited "the old woman who lives in a /<^^^feSK
shoe," "little Red Ridinjrhood" and the V^S^iH^
"cow that jumped over the moon" to T>MK^Hv3fl^T
make their home in the ice palace while
he is here.
one-third cut from regular
flannelette wrapper prices.
a cerflin New York manufacturer who wanted empty shelves
and stockrooms approached our representative, who was looking for
just such a chance, and laid before him his stock sheet, the quantity
was large, but the concession at which we secured the stock permits
us to offer it at prices which should condense the usual business of a
week into a sinjfle day. the wrappers are made in a jrreat variety of
new and pretty styles from the very best qualities of flannelette, and
the range of patterns and colorings includes handsome stripes and
figures on rich dark grounds with a very liberal sprinkling of the
ever popular black and white and navy blue and white combina-
tions.
the prices will be OOc, $1.45, $1.75, $1.05 and $3.50. j
a new thing in stationer/.
it is called the "rookwood" and is one of the handsomest styles
brought out this season — in four colors — sea green, tisrer eye, aerial
blue and iris, put up in boxes of 24 sheets of note and 24 envelopes
to match, price per box ......50c
two interesting lots of
children's underwear.
here's a bit of stood fortune for you. they are little lots that Jost
touch our Counters on their way from the maker to you. the profit
to us is a mere brokerasre^ — the opportunity is yours.
children's genuine oneita children's "star of jjarter**
union suits— the kind that but- Swiss ribbed wool vests and
ton across the chest — two-thirds pantalets- — guaranteed not to
wool — winter weight — hand- shrink — made, from finest lambs'
somely finished with silk stitch- wool — handsomely finished
ed necks, pearl buttons and elas- necks and fronts— colors, whit©
tic covered seams— all sizes to fit and natural fray — -sizes a to 12
children whose ages drop be- years^ — price for size 1. with a
tween 3 and 15 years — per suit, rise of 5c on each larger size,
only $1.00 only , t..45c
is prompt and JBf. *,**,**. ~^^ 85o-a
satisfactory. "" ***~~~^ _ _^ p onnd$> /rr ._
Market street, near Sixth, opposite ....... .91.00
Golden Gate avenue.
\ ' ' ' . *
IMP Children's jB|
sW 1 ' 50 Woolen Dresses
n fl A Plaid Woolen Dresses, lined throughout. /^DVtgy
tjj Bretelles, collar and cuffs ef- |J| I wp f\
0 fectlvely trimmed. Regular \l nil m^\.^rV
K price $2.25. On sale to- l|)|| OU R Jl
N ONE HUNDRED odds and ends in Children's Dresses, made of all wool Cash- H
M mere, French Flannels. TrlcoU, etc. If we have the size you want you'll sav\ F3
¦ at least one-third from regular price. M
¦ Dressing Sacques > Children's Coats y
H Made of Eiderdown, all colors KfW C « akS> m ,*1 0 S
N and .lzes-«n sale to-day at.. DUG . or Kngll^^adcjoth^ » n e rtyta W
1 Flannel Nightgowns ' °™ le ,";; , 1
R Womon'd Flannel Gowns Fifty other styles of the very latest P8
¦ nin? 2nd hlit JtrliJi? cut A B. ~ ' "fleets in Children's and Infants' U
I wid« and lonelon salt kt 45C Cloaks-one-half, three-fourths or full M
m wide and long— on sale at.... -»^r'w lenKth _ on ule to . day from O ne-quar- H
Kl ' . <-? __-•?_ " V:- ter to one-third less than regular Q
HI COPSCtS prices. , g|
B Thompson's make. Easy flttinjr. c n ..i o i c o i a «« D!wu~ ¦ ll
¦ straight front, * each pair puaranteM. special fcale OT Ribbons L|
¦ $1.75 quality— on sale to- fljl Off No. 22 All-Silk Satin Ribbons. 1A^ H
y day vliAU all colors— per yard IVFV^ M
R 'i'k n rf MU8 " n , WC f I ? Bla <*' navy, re.u- |
M -Hemstitched JDrawers made of, best lar price 20c a yard-on sale Ifj^ H
Hj -muslin; umbrella style — on Qffn to-day ' '. IIIC fcj
¦ sale at mmV" ••••••••••••••. . -. > W
¦ Women's Waists In
D NIGHT GOW7CS, made of best mus- Silk Waists, made of .best quality taf- CT
¦ tin; sailor: collar; yoke of wide em- feta. corded and tucked front «*<! Bs
H broidery; collar and sleeves back; all colors— sold all fl>Q ORT P3
-IJI trimmed with lace— on sale at "Ow over at $5— on sale to-day CjJOe^O y
Ml tw» j ' « «» » » » « WOMEN'S WAISTS, made of all H
I To-day'8 Hosiery Specials wool French finished flannel. In all the M
H We have grreatly reduced some of our new shades:. stylishly trimmed: worth N
fS regular lines. " $2.25— on sale to-day fl>| APZ H
¦ WOMEN'S HOSE, 13 l-2c PAIR— -.......'............... •fpie'xO m
¦ Some have double soles, . others fleeced ENGLISH FLANNELETTE WAISTS, ' H
H lined: -a few hava white feet; all ara polka dot . effects, all colors 'TH'-, " l3
Ua full nnlshed and fast colors— really regular price $l.25-^on sale.... C U^> . N
I worth 19c a pair. . . Dnll»« R»i*,- * H
¦ 'Also placed on our. counters 'for to- „ ; .< KUIiey, DCItS, , y
H day's sale about 50 dozen Children's « e^ are closing out all our . Pulley «
¦ ; School Hose, . double soles and heels: Belts on hand; all sizes— 75c yfts~ H
R -full finished; fast black at 1QV quality— to-day "TO^* M
|J Pair. ;;-.Ii58V/- Newest Style Gold Belts. '. OOc kj
1 1212-1214 MARKtrst.r .Rtt'L ig |