THREE NEGROES HAHGED
TO RAILROAD BRIDGE
JTob Orerpo-arers the Jailer and Cuts
the Telephone So No Help Can
Bs Summoned.
JEFFERSON. Tex., Nov. 15.— Three ne
groes who had been arrested for way-
Is y'ns and attempting to kill Mr. Stall
n:p. were taken from the Jail last night
by unknown persons and hanged to thf
r«!lroad bridge acro?« Cypress Bayou.
The negroe* had confessed to the crime.
The mob that did the hanging overpow
rrc-a the jaiJer and cut the telephone line
*r> that the Jallrr couM not communicate
*rtt» Hi* Sheriff. * ;
Photograph of Eros.
MTNNKAPOI-1S. Nov. 15.— Professor P.
V. I/cavenworth photographed the aste
roid Ero* through the telescope at tile
State University observatory last even
ing. Ccrr'derlng that the diminutive
pisnet is *ald to 1>« 24.000.000 miles away.
It i« a lorg shot. The professor said that
the planet could net b« seen with the
naked eye or with the telescope. By a
eloep rsathematlral calculation he ascer
tained its exact location, and the sensi
tive plate caught Its l'.ker.ess. even If it
**as beyond huaan ken.
LONDON. Nov." 15.— The Impression'ex
ists in most European capitals that the ill
ness cf Emperor Nicholas Is more serious
than it is reported to be. but this' is
probably based upon the knowledge , that
the Czar's constitution Is not strong and is
little likely to resist a serious attack.'
poison administered by nihilists in food
prepared In the Imperial kitchen. Poison
was given in email doses, which has pro
duced typhus symptoms. The fact that
the physicians cannot check the disease
has led to the belief that the poison con
tinues to be given the patient daily. The
theory is that. the poisoner is some one
high In Imperial favor. The entire house
hold is under the direction of the Secret
Service, and the; Czar's food is prepared
under the eyes of his supposedly closest
friends. For this reason It has been Im
possible to^ trace the crime to Its source.
VIENNA. Nov. IS.— A dispatch from Se
bastopol says the Czar's illness Is due to
Belief Expressed .That Some One in
High Favor in -the -Royal House
hold Is Guilty.
RUMOR THE NIHILISTS' !
POISONED THE CZAR
The cemetery, Is In an Isolated spot and
up to ¦Wednesday- there had?hot?b'e~en r a
burial -there jfoj," ; : nearly" three - weeks.
When Isaac, Dunton,' the sexton, went to
dig a grave ;'yesterday,v the discovery was'
made.- The f remnants of the V* coffins,"
which seemed 'to haye'beeri knocked apart
with 'an •/ ax^ were . strewn about .' the
ground:; '"' -"" : ";' .'.;;'• '¦•.
The ninth .victim," which is supposed to
have been Mrs: Henry Knowles, although
the body Is In* such a 8tate ¦ of decomposi
tion as, to be; unrecognizable, was dis
covered in a hedge " fence about a quar.ter
of a'mlle from;' the cemetery. She died
about five years "ago. '
. Nine bodies,' so. far as known at pres
ent, were exhumed and all but one were
those of persons who had died within the
past year,, as follows: Mrs. Carlotta Eld
redge, aged 35; -her daughter, Mildred. 9
years of age, -both of . whom ' died of
typhoid fever; Charles James, -60 years of
age; ; Henry Houston, a middle-aged, man;
Clarence Cole, * a, seventeen-year-old boy;
Don and Bertie Creston, Infants, and Mrs.
George ¦ Bailey,; 50 years .'.;0ld.v| « v ¦>?;! ; A
KALAMAZOO.: Mjch., Nov. 15.— The au
thorities of this ; city; were • informed to
day, of a horrible case of wholesale body
snatching which took place In the Spring
brook Cemetery in Newaygo County.
ton in, Springbrook, Near
Kalamazbo.
Grewsome Discovery Made by a Sex-
NINE BODIES STOLEN
I FKOMV A r CEMETERY
The Highflyer sailed from Campbellton,
Prince Edwards . Island, 1 for Newport,
Wales, on - October 19,' with a cargo of
lumber. Eleven days out the bark en
countered a severe gale, which tore away
her sails and strained the vessel so that
she Bprang a leak of nine Inches an hour.
All hands were' kept busy at', the pumps
that the bark -could be -kept ; afloat until
a' passing vessel, could render. assistance.
Four days passed-and on the morning of
the fifth day a trans-Atlantic liner passed
near, but answered ; the distressed ' vessel's
signals only . by raising a flag./ The next,
the Georgian Prince, -.took the crew off
the bark and fired' the derelict.
. . ¦ ¦ ' ? . ¦ ¦. . . - i
Narrow Escape From a Watery
Grave of the Crew of the Nor
wegian Bark Highflyer.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 15.-After float-
Ing on the ocean -in a helpless condition
on a sinking vessel for five days. Captain
Anderson and his crew of thirteen hands
of the Norwegian bark Highflyer arrived
here to-day, having been rescued by the
British steamer Georgian Prince, Captain
Flett, from Hull. During the five days
the crew were at the, mercy of the waves
they saw only two' steamers. The first
one, according to Captain Anderson, came
within a half mile of * his vessel, but
steamed away without giving aid. The
second ship sighted was ' the Georgian
Prince.
DRIFTED HELPLESSLY '
IN SINKING VESSEL
The naval officer referred to in the fore
going dispatch can be'no. other than'Lleu-'
tenant William S. Sims, who' was assigned
to special duty 'at the Paris Exposition./
" 'General Horace Porter has been him
self Indirectly afflicted by the incident in
question. His departure, which Is given
out as temporary,, is -really final, and he
will be replaced in Paris by John Leish
man, United States; Minister to Berne, a
diplomatist of the highest character,; who
can be counted upon, for the maintenance
of good relations between the French re
public and the United States.' " :
"The person who gave us this Informa
tion makes a still graver statement, which
we publish under all reserve. He says:
"This affair Is connected with the sud
den departure for Gibraltar of an officer
of the United States navy, who was em
ployed in the foreign section of the exhi
bition, after having fulfilled his functions
as naval attache at the embassy. The field
gun incident was also : the cause of the
sudden handing over of the affairs of the
embassy to the first secretary by General
Horace Porter and his departure for
Spain. The former naval attache in ques
tion, who was born of British parents
and devoted above all to the embassy in
the Faubourg Saint Honore, acted almost
openly as a spy for several powers.
PARIS, Nov. 15. — The following extraor
dinary statement Is given prominence in
an evening paper— La Presse: "A person
age who claims to be thoroughly acquaint
ed with what is going on behind the
scenes in the matter of the dlvulgence of
the secrets of the latest French field gun
to the United States makes the following
statement:
There Is no doubt that the publication
of the Information respecting the French
gun will greatly impair the usefulness of
American military and naval attaches
abroad. Foreign attaches In Washington
are now given. more Information than
American officers can get abroad. A well-
Informed officer said to-day he had no
doubt that the details of the mechanism
of the French field gun were known In
every European ordnance office.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 15.-Because of Its
earnest advocacy of the disappearing gun
carriage and \ts objection to any change
in the system of field gun It has adopted
the Bureau of Ordnance In the War De
partment is suspected by some persons of
having divulged information respecting
the French field gun plans. Briadler Gen
eral Bufflngton. chief of ordnance, and
other officials on duty in the bureau Indig
nantly disclaim any connection with the
publication of the statement that this
Government could build a weapon like the
French gun and throw the responsibility
on other members of the Board of Ord
nance.
Publication of Expose of French
Field Gun Plan.
Indignantly Deny That They Caused
DISCORD AMONG ORDNANCE
BUREAU OFFICIALS
The personnel of the commission is an
unusually notable one. The British Gov
ernment was represented by the late Lord
Herschel, formtr. Chancellor of the Ex
chequer. But his death shortly after the
last adjournment leaves a vacancy, and,
although ro appointment has been made,
the name of Lord • AK - erstone, better
known as Sir Richard "Webster, Is being
mentioned. Sir Wilfrid Laurier of Canada
heads the Canadian representation, with
Sir Louis Davler, Minister of Marine and
Fisheries, and the Premier of Newfound
land among his associates. Senator C. W.
Fairbanks of Indiana Is chairman of the
American representation, with ex-Secre
tary John W. Foster, Reciprocity Commis
sioner John A. Kasson, ex-Senator
Charles J. Faulkner of West Virginia. T.
Jefferson CooliJge of • Boston and Sereno
K. Payne, chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee, as associates.
Progress has been made on some of
these questions, and a practical agree
ment reached on several of them. But In
each case the settlement was dependent
on a disposal of all of them. "With the
prospects of omitting Alaska from the
points involved, the chances of reaching
a treaty agreement on the other points
will be materially improved.
Canada: the northeast fisheries question,
involving the rights of fishing in the
North Atlantic off Newfoundland and
other points; the regulation of fishing
rights cn the great lakes; alien labor Im
migration across the Canadian-American
border; commercial reciprocity between
the two countries: the regulation of the
bonding system by which goods are car
ried in bond across the frontier and also
the reg-ulation of traffic by international
railways and canals of the two countries;
reciprocal mining privileges In the Klon
dike, British North American and other
points; wrecking and salvage on the
ocean and great lakes In coasting waters,
Rnd the modification of the treaty ar
rangements under which only one war
vessel can be maintained on the great
lakes with a view to allowing warships to
be built on the lakes and then floated out
to the ocean.
WASHINGTON'. Nov. 15.— Steps
have been taken for resuming
the important work of the
Antjlo - American Commission.
made up of representatives of
the United States. Great Britain and Can
ada. an-J consideration of the subject now
in progress probably ¦will determine within
a few days whet course will be pursued.
Correspondence has passed recently be
tween Ottawa and "Washington relative to
resuming the work and. now that the
e'.f-ctiot.s en bcth sides of the border are
over, there is felt to ."» more time and op
portunity to devote to the serious ques
tions involved before this commission. It
is understood that the American Commis
sioners desire to remove the possibility of
ruch ineffectual results as occurred at
th<?!r last Pitting. The Indications are that
this can be done through the co-operation
of the State Derartmont by omitting the
Alaskan boundary question from tho«e to
be considered, thus removir.gr the chief ob
starle to rr°?rress.
On the Alaska question the commission
was practically deedloeked. and It made
no report of progress on other questions,
because of the Inability to Include this
question. Since then, however, a modus
Vivendi on Alaska has been agreed upon,
and vhllo this iacks permanency It is felt
that the question can be best left to direct
negotiation between the two governments.
thus r^rmittlPK the commission to pro
ceed with the nr.any other important ques
tions Involved. What arrangement can be
rrafie In this particular will depend upon
the conferences now going on. The pur
pose of the commission Is to frame a new
treaty between the United States and
Great Britain covering the various
questions arising along the Canadian bor
der, and thus disposing of a wide range of
controversy. The questions before the
eorr.mlsi-Jon are of long standing, and In
clude the establishment of the boundary
between Alaska and British Columbia; the
Jf-sues over Bering: Sea and the catch of
fur seals; the unmarked boundary be
tween Canada and the United States near
PasFamaquoddy Bay in Maine and at
points between Maine and Minnesota and
seriously. Five passengers are missing.
The list of killed includes J. . F. Cano
vera, Peruvian Minister to France, and an
attache of. the Peruvian legation at
Madrid.
The section of the line where the acci
dent occurred is under repair, and the
derailment is attributed to the great
ppeed of the express.
BAYONNE, France, Nov. 16.— The
Southern express was derailed at
noon to-day between St. Georges
and Saubusse, near Dax, about
thirty-three miles northeast of Bayonne.
The restaurant car was precipitated
over an embankment. Thirteen persons
were killed and twenty Injured, several
CONTROVERSIES WITH
CANADA TO BE SETTLED
By Omitting the Boundary Question Work
of Commission Is Simplified:
• - - - ¦ . - .
Among Victims of .Derailment of French
Express Train Is 'Peruvian Minister! '¦*•'*
THIRTEEN PASSENGERS
KILLED IN A DISASTER
To-night Dr. Ross has no further state
ment to make nor has he anything to re
cant. He still stands by his original
statement and says that It covers every
thing he had to say. As to the future h«
has no definite plans, except that he will
continue his work In sociology wherever
he may be called. ,
To-day the members of Dr. Ross' sem
inary, which is composed of the fourth
year students in the economies depart
ment, drew up a strong testimonial, in
which they expressed their sincere regret
in the loss of Dr. Ross. They paid a glow
ing tribute to his character and personal
worth, as well as to his ability as a
teacher and investigator.
i — ¦ijhiii "line 1 "iH# ¦ ~W~*lirf»W
To-night, while he is as firm as ever in
his championship of the right of Intellect
ual freedom, he sees more clearly the po
sition of Mrs. Stanford upon the matter.
"When told of the current report that n»
would resign his "position because of Dr.
Ross' dismissal, he denied It flatly, say
ing that he had no such intention. Ho will
remain at Stanford.
Another thing, which shows that the
general attitude toward Mrs. Stanford is
changing is Dr. Howard's position to
night. This morning. Instead of delivering
his regular lecture, In his French Revolu
tion class on' Voltaire, he spoke upon the
presence of bigotry and intolerance at the
present time, claiming that the example
of Dr. Ross .was parallel to that of Vol
taire.
. The fact that Dr. Ross was eminent in
his science did not solace her wounds.
Other professors In the Stanford faculty
have spoken as freely on public question*
as has Dr. Ross, but not one word of dis
approval has she raised. As In her state
ment to President Jordan In the letter
written from Geneva, October 2S. she says
that she -has tried even prayerfully to
forgive Dr. Ross, but that she could not,
therefore It was best that he should go.
This letter was received by President Jor
dan on November 12. Just three days ago.
The same day he notified Dr. Ross that he
would accept his resignation. It will thus
be seen that there was no delay in accept
ing the resignation until after the election.
for political effect, as the letter which de
termined Dr. Jordan's action did not
reach here until six days after the elec
tion had been held.
"When it is considered that Mrs. Stan
ford is a woman of Intense feeling and al
most ultra sensitive as to reflections upon
the memory and honor of her dead
husband it can readily be seen
why she should object to Dr.
Ross' presence on her faculty. How
ever, she was Inclined to be generous with
him. A year's leave of absence, with full
pay, was at his disposal while he might
be on the hunt for a new position. It was
not a Question of free speech or Intel
lectual bondage with her. She had been
offended by what she could not believe to
be otherwise than direct attacks upon her
husband's memory.
It develops that her real objection to Dr.
Roes' lecture upon Asiatic immigration
was not due to the fact that she differed
from him In his conclusions, which. It is
sa!d. she does not. but because she was
led to the belief by false reports and state
ments, that seemed credible, that he had
made a covert attack upon the Senator,
whose memory she feels should be In
violable.
Mrs. Stanford Is aware of the fact that
other professors at the university have
expressed similar views under similar cir
cumstances. The personal reasons for
Dr. Ross' dismissal consist In part of
what she interpreted as derogatory refer
ences to Senator Stanford. Some oqe rep
resented to Mrs. Stanford that Dr. Ross
had frequently In the classroom jharac
terlzed the Southern Pacific Railroad
deals as "railroad steals," and otturwiaa
held Senator Stanford up as a dangerous
example before the business world
appears that none of these offenses con
stitute the real motive for Professor Rosa*
dismissal.
Till* tn the immense power vrhlch
irnx delegated to President Jordan,
and In the present controversy no
Incident lins been subject ot deeper
or 'Wider comment thnn the fnct
that President Jordan lm« permitted
on mnorlnte »f hln own clioo«ln«.
a mnn In ivhdne ment&l nnd *chol
arly nMUtlen he-r»rofc«»e« the ntodt
complete confidence, to be retired.
In speaking of the matter to-day Presi
dent Jordan said:
"In regrnrd to the renlarnatlnn of
Dr. Roms tt la rlffht tbnt I "Iioiilil
make a further ntntcment. There
In not the Hlljrhtest evidence that
he 1« 'a martyr to freedom of
npeeeb.' Nor In there nny ren«on to
belleTe thnt hla vrltlxlmwnl has
heen doe to nny preninre of cnpltal
or any other minister influence. I
know thnt Mr». Stanford** decision
wni reached only nfter Ionic and
earnest connitlerntlon, nml thnt Its
motive was the welfare of the nnl
vemllr. and thnt alone. To quote
her own words: 'My decision has not
heen the result of any hasty con
clasion, bat of disappointment, re
flection and prnyer.'
"In -view of the statement thnt
the announcement of Dr. Ross' with
drawal was withheld nntll nfter the
election beennse of its possible ef
fect on the pnssnyre of the nniend
ment. It Is bnt fnlr to n"ny thnt the
final decision in the matter, based
npon' f letter from Mrs. Stanford,
dated October - a, from S-n-ttxerland.
wns not received nntll the ISth of
November nnd conld not have heen
announced prior to thnt time.**
In answer to these remarks, which
throw a somewhat different light than th^
first upon the. whole unfortunate contro
versy. Professor Ross said this morning.
"Dr. Jordan' known vastly more
than I do rm to Mri. Stanford's mo
tives, and whatever he says Is con
clusive as far as I am concerned.
In my original statement, .which
warn carefully prepared and In
strictly correct, I said I have loner
been aware that my every appear
ance In public drew npon. me the
hostile mention of certain powerful
persons and interests In . San Fran
cisco, and redoubled their efforts
to he rid of me. , , J ,;^ ?/i:V.'i>
"I stated thin lest It shonld be
supposed I did not realise the risks
f ran. If. an Dr. Jordan says, It wits'
not this pressure, bnt other motived
that Influenced Mrs. Stanford, I am
(tlad to know It.
,"It Is absolutely certain, however,
that freedom of speech Is Involved:
not my appearance, personality or
character, but solely my non-pnrtl
«an, scientific utterances, have been
the root of .Mrs. Stanford's distrust
of me."
To-night sentiment at the university
seems to be gradually changing. Not that
Dr. Ross is being condemned, but there
is a growing sentiment of sympathy ta
Mrs. Stanford.' This change Is due in a
great measure to the opinion among tte
Stanford alumni, or especially those who
were here when 'the first signs of friction
between Mrs. Stanford and Professor
Ross arose four years ago. From state
ments made by the alumni it Is 'earned
that' Mrs. Stanford considered the expres
sion pt Dr. Ross" political views from the
stump in the campaign of lS9b a violation
of the university rule that members of
the faculty should not take part In ai;y
partisan" discussion. Likewise his utter
ances in the classroom In justification of
Nihilism were distasteful to her. chiefly
because they were brought to h*-r at
tention in a false light.
While these matters tended to lessen
her faith in his sound Judgment it now.
of Htmlr therein nnd for the uood
conduct nnd ropoeltr *>* tlie profe»
»nn therein."
"I do not bow down to Saint Market street. I do not doff my
hat to the Six Companies. Neither am I afraid of the Standard Oil."
— Excsrpt from a sensational address delivered yesterday by Pro
fessor George E. Howard to students of Stanford University.
-» :
Sheriff Jones, however, agreed to keep
the prisoner for ten days, and Porter was
rushed through the mob to the County
Jail before the gathered crowd realized
what was being done. Sheriff Freeman
paid that District Attorney McAllistf r had
threatened to hold him on a charge of
murder if the negro were *aken from his
custody and lynched. He was told that
as he had a warrant for Porter the Dis
trict Attorney had no authority to Inter
fere to prevent him from serving 5t and
taking his prisoner to Hugo Jail. Free
man, however, v.as afraid to act.
When the father of Louise Frost heard
of Freeman's decision he sought out the
Sheriff and cursed him fiercely. Mr. Frost
Is now under the care of friends. All his
composure Is gone and the thought that
vengeance may not be meted out to his
child's murderer has driven him tempor
arily Insane.
At Llmon to-night a mass-meeting of
citizens voted unanimously that it was
the duty of Sheriff Freeman to his con
stituents to bring the negro back, and the
resolution was telegraphed to him.
Seventy-five leading citizens of Lincoln
County wired Governor Thomas, who is
the head of the police power of Denver,
that they proposed simply to tie a rope
around Porter's neck and to drop him off
the railroad bridge. They "promised that
there would be no atrocities, and demand
ed, the sending of the negro, naively add
ing: "Please send on to-night's train, as
we want to go home. .Will' wait ten days
if necessary."
Young Porter sent two notes this after
noon to Police Surceon Miller. One of
them read. "I am guilty, but offel sorry,"
and the other. "Please pray for me."
"There Is nothing for .me to do." *ald
Governor Thomas to-day when asked if
he would interfere to prevent the proposed
lynching. "The civil authorities have the
prisoner and it lies with them to protect
him."
JOHN PORTER, THE NEGRO WHO HAS CONFESSED THE BRUTAL MURDER AT LIMON. COLO.. OF LOUISE
FROST. A LITTLE WHITE GIRL. AND HIS FATHER AND BROTHER. WHO WERE ALSO HELD FOR COM
PLICITY IN THE FIENDISH CRIME. -
"I do not bow down to Saint Market
street. I do^rfot doff my hat to the Six
Companies. Neither am I afraid of the
Standard Oil."
These words, startling and radical, were
greeted by tremendous applause from the
listening students, and the incident has
been ever since the subject of excited
comment. The excitement over the main
incident of which this is a development is.
however, dying out. The first thought of
the student body to hold some sort of a
demonstration to express regret and in
dignation at the retirement of -Professor
Ross has been abandoned. The faculty
will, as a matter, of course, take no ac
tion, and as far as university opinion is
concerned the incident seems to be closed.
The more conservative students feel that
only added harm to the university can
come from further agitation and discus
sion, and there is a general disposition to
let the matter drop. The student body It
Is expected 'will, however, present to Pro
fessor Ross a testimonial of Us good will
before he leaves Palo Alto.
In the present controversy, created by
the enforced resignation of Professor
Rcss, much interest attaches to the ques
tion whether or. not Mrs. Stanford has
the legal right, under the terms of the
endowment of Stanford University, to dic
tate absolutely her opinions of the char
acter and scope of the Intellectual field "of
the great school.
By the terms of the endowment of the
institution; the sole management of the
university and its properties is vested In
the grantors during their lives, or tho life
of either of them. This provision assevers
the problem. Mrs. Stanford has absolute
ly the right to do as she pleases with the
institution at Palo Alto. The trustees of
the university are powerless to act in any
vital matter until the death of Mrs. Stan
ford. Eventually the entire management
of the institution will be In their hands;
at present it is exclusively under the con
trol of Mrs. Stanford.
To President Jordan,' however, practical
control of the educational features of the
institution was given by the late Senator
Stanford and by Mrs. Stanford. President
Jordan was given power to choose his as
sociates; to! hold them responsible for
their educational work. To him was given
the right to dismiss these men. The res
ignation ot a professor., forced by Mrs.
Stanford and not by. President Jordan,
has necessarily excited considerable com
ment, more particularly by the fact that
President Jordan announces his complete
confidence" In ¦ the man who has been
forced to retire from the university.
In an authorized description of Stanford
University the following I b said: "What
characterizes Stanford is that, finding it
self untrammeled by the limitations, the
vested rights, the ultra-conservative in
fluences which surround the older col
leges and universities, tt has had the cour
age, perhaps temerity, to follow out cer
tain lines of educational progress further
than has ever been done before."
: In the - llfflit of the prenent con
troTeriy these vordx have a pe
culiar »onnd. Asraln, Senator Stan
ford (lectured most emphatically
thnt "the prenldent nhonlrt be Riven
full i power to remove profeanorii
and teacher* at wlll,_ to- prescribe
their Vliitlei",' to'. enforce the; courne
of study and the manner of tench
lnir, and : filially, Kuch. other powerM
mm ? wtll enable" htm to control ;the
educational part • of . the university,
to inch an extent that he may iumt 1 j
be held '. responsible for ¦ the course
Palo Alto Excited by
the Impassioned
Words of Howard
¦ — »
>s^ TANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 15.
(^^. — New fire was added to-day to the
of agitation which Is sweep-
over the university, involving
' the faculty and student body alike,
because of the forced resignation of Pro
fessor Ross. It seemed until this morning
that all had been. said in reference to the
matter, but Professor George E. Howard
has added new words to the bitterness of
the affair, and the entire college commu
nity Is discussing what the outcome of his
position will be.
Professor Howard is a close personal
friend ...of, .. Professor Ross. Both have
.shared the same independence and the in
tellectual radicalism which have brought
such a storm around the university. "When
Professor Ross" resignation was an
nounced Professor Howard was outspoken
in his censure of the conditions which had
forced hla friend out of the university. He
was one of the lew members of the facul
ty here who accepted the opportunity and
the consequences of speaking his opinions
and to-day he supplemented his remarks
by a performance which is without paral
lel in the history of Stanford.
Professor Howard is the head of the
department of history. of the university
and this irornlnj: he gave up his custom
ary lecture ami devoted himself to a dis
cussion of the Koss incident. He declared
that Professor Ross was a martyr to a
principle which cannot be sacrificed, and
that his forced retirement from the uni
versity will work immeasurable evil to the
institution. He declared that in the retire
ment of Professor Ross a serious blow
had been struck the freedom of speech
and the consequences must be as far
reaching es they.are deplorable.. In con
-elusiorune." -.saUl: :.:>».¦ 'f-'i V^A.-**^,-*** ;.-«¦-- >» '¦- . .' ;
;
Hi" mi ft i <r>
Mrs. Stanford Re
sents Reflections
on Dead Husband.
NEW REASONS FOR THE
DISMISSAL OF ROSS
1'">!v ENVEIt. Nov. 15.— Five thousand
\\ men. some with lanterns, seme
jy -with ropes and most of them
— — "^ with arm!*, surround the County
Jail tc-n'.ght. threatening every
moment to storm the pr:.*=i»xi and lynch
John Porter, the 16-year-old negro, who
confessed that he assarted and murdered
J>ouJ5e Frost near Llmon. CoJo.. Novem
ber %. T. W. Xrost. father of the mur
dered girl, has gone temporarily insane
over the refusal of Sheriff Freeman of
Lincoln County to take the murderer back
to L'.mon, wh*»re a mob of lynchers is
waiting for h!m.
At 19 o'clock to-night there had already
been two call? for policemen to reinforce
the fifty r>eputy Sheriff? who are trying
to drive back the mob at the County Jail.
Every police cfScer in Denver Is on duty
to-night.
Sheriff Frwman went to-day to Colo
rado Springs to consult McAllister, Dis
trict Attorney of Lincoln County. Free
man was exacted to return this after
noon and to take his prisoner back to Ll
non to-night. Hundreds of people in Den
ver had arranged to buy tickets to Limon
to assist In the lynching. It was night
when Sheriff Freeman arrived. His first
request was to Chief of Police Farley to
hold Porter in Denver until the excite
ment had di«>d out. Chief Karley refused.
Er*rtal rr.sjwtch to TTje OIL
Denver's Police Force
Aids Deputies In
Protecting Porter.
— • —
Mob Promises Not to
Torture Murderer
i! Surrendered.
FIVE THOUSAND ARMED MEN
CLAMOR FOR A NEGRO'S LIFE
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 169.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1«, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
Professor George E. Howard.
The San Francisco CallBUST OF HER MAJESTY QUEEN VICTORIA, TO BE PRESENTED TO
THE MANSION HOUSE BY A CITIZEN OF LONDON. MR, ONSLOW
FORD IS THE SCULPTOR.
they were received by President McKin
ley.
Sentenced to Death.
SALT LJVKE. Nov. 15.— James Lynch
and .Robert L. King-, the men convicted of
the murder of Godfrey Prowse at the
Sheep Ranch gambling house on the night
of September 14th last, were sentenced
by Judge Booth this afternoon to suffer
the death penalty. The condemned men
chose to be shot. The date of their exe
cution was set for Friday, January 11.
1901.
Asphyxiated by Gas.
NE"W YORK, Nov. 15.— Dr Christopher
T. Ahlstrom of this city, and an unknown
woman were to-day found dead In a ho
tel room in Broadway. Both had been suf
focated by illuminating gas. It Is the
opinion of the hotel proprietor and the
police that th© deaths were accidental,
the occupants of the room failing: to prop
erly shut oft the gas. •
Population of Kentucky.
"WASHINGTON. Nov. 15.— The popula
tion of Kentucky, as anounced by the
Census Bureau, is 2,117,174, as against
1.858.635 In 1500. This is an increase cf
2SS.523, or 15.15 per cent.
MISS IdONXE AGAIN
ACCUSES HA7OB FLOOD
Says the Statement Exonerating Him
From Guilt Was Obtained From
Her by Threats.
EL.MIRA. N. T.. Nov. 15.— Catherine
Loonle, convicted of forging deeds to cer
tain property, who retracted v the state
ment put out yesterday in her name in
which she asserted that Mayor Flood, ini
tiated and directed the forgeries, now al
leges that Flood's attorney induced her
to sign the second statement by repre
senting that If she did not do so. Flood
would be driven to suicide and that mor
ally she -would be his murderer. The
prisoner In her latest statement says she
13 willing to go before the Grand Jury oni
srive testimony as to tha guilt of Mayor
Flood .
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— Secretary
l^ng to-day announced the conclusion of
the long controversy over the price of
armor plate for naval vessels and an.
agreement with the Carnegie and tho
Bethlehem companies for Krupp armor at
W20 a ton, with the possible addition of
royalty fees, making the maximum price
$455 E2 a ton. Tho amount of armor in
volved Is the largest ever placed at on©
time by the Government and is said to
equal all the armor purchased by the
Government up to 1S'J6. It cover* th<*
armor for seventeen ships now In various
stages of construction, including eight
battleships, six armored cruisers and
three protected cruisers.
The following official statement was
given out concerning the agreement:
"The Navy Department has come to aa
agreement with the Carnegie and Beth
lehem companies for Krupp armor of the
first class, amounting to -i.Sio tons, tot
$420 per ton.
"Tlie Kxupp process Involves the Har
vey patent, the validity of which Is now
under consideration by the courts, and It
is further agreed that the Government
will assume in addition any liability for
the Krupp process not exceeding £5, cr
$2\ 32 a ton fcr Krupp royalty, and not
exceeding the United States license fee of
$11 20 for Harvey royalty. The maximum
price to the Government is therefore
{455 52 a ton. subject to diminution, in case
of any reduction in the foregoing royal
ties. The bid of these companies for this
elas3 of armor was $490 and the pries
originally asked was $543.
"The MIdvale Company some time ago
withdrew their bid. but they would have
been unable. In any event, to furnish
armor Jn due season for the Maine class
of battleships. Had they not withdrawn
their bid, it Is probable that some ar
rangement might have been made for the
distribution among the three companies of
the manufacture of armor other than for
the Maine claes. Their bid, however, waa
of value in enabling the department to
secure the above large reduction."
Admiral O'Neill, chief cf the Bureau of
Ordnance, said cf the result:
•"The agreement Is most satisfactory.
The terms are reduced not only to a rea
sonable point but more than reasonable.
We get armor cheaper than any other
country in the world." .
The armor contract covers not only the
24,950 tons specified In the official state
ment, but also some 10,000 tons of armor
of the second and third class which has
not been in controversy, but has been de
pendent on the disposal of the first class
armor. The entire amount, approximate
ly So. 000 tons, is now made available.
New specifications have been prepared
by the Navy Department showln? In do
tall the tests, times of delivery, etc. Thel"
is some change In the classification, btv
In the main f>aturf»si the
are aa they were when the last bids were
made.
Krupp Armor ol the First
Class to Be Furnished
lor $430 a Ton.
LOW PRICE IS SECURED
Government Readies
Agreement Wifli
Makers,
ARMOR PLATE
CONTROVERSY
IS SETTLED
Visit the President.
. WASHINGTON. Nov. 15.— The National
Grange, Patrons j of ; Industry ,~ transacted
but - little 7 : business > at to-day's session,
which occupied about. an hour and a half
About 250 of .the delegates called in a body
this forenoons at > the White Hou»e. where
WIFE OF GUITEAU IS
AGAIN TO BE "vTEDDED
Declares That the Assassin of Presi
dent Qarfield "Was Far From •
_.,• Being Insane.
. CHICAGO, , Nov. i 15.— A license , was i 8 -
sued to-day for ; the marriage ;-i of Mrs.
Anna Dunmlre and Enoch Allen. Mrs.
Dunmire was ' the v wife . of v Charles J.
Gulteau; when the latter was, harmed for
the assassination of President Garfleld^ in
1SS2. Mrs. Dunmlre is now. 47 years old. -
."My -former husband; was' far from be
ing an. Insane irmn when he shot President
Garfield,',', said Mrs. Dunmire. "He was a
political. assassin, but he was in his right
mind. ' .^ffgS^igggBS&By ¥&s&3£&£t&S3BBi
Stops the Cough
Ar.d work*. off the cold. ,-, LaJtatlvn Brpmo-Qul
ntne Tablets cure a cold in ono day. No euro,
no »«u\ Frlce 15 cents. \ ". •¦"; • r
FUNERAL SERVICES OVEB
MARCUS DALY'S REMAINS
Solemn Requiem Mass Celebrated at
St. Patrick's Cathedral in
New York City.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— Funeral services
over the late Marcus Daily took place at
St. Patrick's Cathedral to-day. Solemn
requiem mass was celebrated by the
Right Rev. Bishop Brondell of Helena.
Mont. He was assisted by Rev. Father
Michael J. Lavelle of St. Patrick's and
others.
The musical programme was rendered
by a double chorus and choir. "The
Grand Requiem Mass" by Cherublni was
sung.
The pallbearers were James D. Hageln.
John w. Mackay. Hrnrj- H. Roger,
Homer B. Parsons. John A. Sullivan
former Mayor Hugh J. Grant. William
Sea lion and Wiliam L. Bull. The casket
was taken to Calvary Cemetery and
placed in the receiving vault.
Glasgtrw Free of Plague.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 15.— Surgeon Gen
eral Wyman of the Marin9 Hospital Serv
vlee this morning received the following
cablegram from Surgeon Thomas at
Glasgow:
"GLASGOW. Nov. 15.— Wyman. Wash
ington: Port declared free from pfague
November 14. THOMAS." '
Suicided While Insane.
FORT WAYNE; Ind., Nov. 15.— Frank
Alderman, a wealthy real-estate - man,
killed him?elf to-day. He, walked into. a
hardware store, purchased a revolver,
loaded It and ihen sent a. bullet into his
brain. He is thought to . have been In
sane. He was a prominent Republican
politician.
»¦¦ •>«..¦¦¦. .-• ¦¦.¦»! - ,• . , .-. ¦
The popularity of McKinley is not greater than'
ifc*t of the "American" clear Havana cigar. •
YEEKES REAPPOrNTED
REVENUE COLLECTOR
Recent Republican Candidate for
Governor in Kentucky Is Given
His Former Office.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 15.— John W.
Yerkes. late Republican, candidate for
Governor of Kentucky, to-day was ap
pomted Collector of Internal Revenue for
the Eighth District. He will assume his
duties November 20.
Mr. Yorkes. who resigned the office to
which he has been rcappointed to make
his campaign of Kentucky for the Gov
ernorship, called on the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to-day. He said he had
abandoned all idea of contesting Governor
Beckham's election.
Freight Classifications.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark., Nov. 15.— The
Western Classification Committee closed
its meeting here to-night. Few important
changes were made. Numerous proposi
tions to eliminate carload ratings were
submitted, but they were all rejected It
wns decided that farming implements
could be shipped for repairs at half the
tariff rate.
Morgan Caucus Nominee.
MONTGOMERY. Ala.. Nov. 15.— Tho
joint caucu8~of Democrats of. both houses
of the Alabama Legislature to-night
unanimously nominated J. T.Morgan^as
United States Senator. No other name
was presented. ; Senator , Morgan was
called before the meeting and thanked
the members for re-election The ten on
position members of the Legislature - in
separate caucus pledged their votes to
Morgan. ¦
n rANCOUVER. B. C. Nov. 15.— Under
\>< the sanction and with th» approval
of the United States Minister and the
officers commanding the American
troops In Peking. George- R. Tewksbnry
has been prosecuting inquiries, dictating
terms and arranging indemnities in the
villages around Tungo'oow. Tewksbury'a
report says his Investigation "brought to
light cruelties of the most hellish and bar
barous description, as practiced upon the
native converts In that neighborhood by
the Boxers. Some of the Christians and
all their relatives end connections shared
In whatever punishment was meted out to
one. Some were buried alive, others
burned at the stake, and still others were
first saturated with kerosene and then oet
on fire. A Belgian Roman Catholic priest
had strips of flesh out out of his limbs
and the holes filled with kerosene, which
was then ignited."
Almost as horrifying a description, a'mo
brought by the steamer Empress of China
to-day, is given by the Rev. C. J. Tjader
of the Swedish Protestant Mission of tho
murder of the Rev. G. BlcConnell. Mrs.
McConnell, their little baby boy, tho
Misses E. Buron and S. A. King, Rev.
John Young, Mrs. Young and a native
servant.
At Tsinkianan the little party, fleeing
for their lives, were overtaken by twenty
soldiers and a mob of coolies. The soldiers
hacked the missionaries to pieces with
their k words, the women being forced to
look at the murder an! mutilation of the
men and tho baby, 'me bodies were
thrown on the road. -and were still in the
dust seven days after the murder.
borne of the Unfortunates Buried Alive or Burned at the Stake,
While Others Are Saturated With Kerosene and Set Afire.
BARBAROUS CRUELTIES INFLICTED
BY BOXERS UPON NATIVE CONVERTS
Interesting Ceremony Per
formed at St. George'3
Church.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— Miss Louise
Plerpont Morgan, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. Plerpont Morgan, was married at
3:30 o'clock this afternoon In St. George's
Church, Stuyvesant Square, to Herbert
Livingstone Satterlee, a lawyer of this
city. The invitations- for the ceremony
numbered 2300. much beyond the seating
capacity of the church.
The ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Dr. Ralnsford, rector of St. George's
Church. The service was fully choral.
The musical programme was opened a
half hour before the ceremony with
Meyerbeer's "Coronation March" and in
cluded "The Moorish Serenade," by
Jonaa; Jensen's "Bridal Song"; selections
from "Mignon"; the march from Tann
hauser" and selections from "Romeo and
Juliet." As the bridal procession entered
the church the wedding march from Lo
hengrin" wa3 sung and played.
The bride, who was accompanied by tier
father, wore a superb wedding gown or
white pea*i de sole, almost entirely cov
ered with exquisite polnte d'Alencon. The
veil was of tulle and the bouquet was of
white orchids, lilies of the valley and
white roses.
The' bridesmaids were Miss Anne Tracy
Morgan, the bride's sister; Miss Caroline
Morgan, Miss Ursula Morgan and: Miss
Frances Street Happin, her couatn. Miss
Marlon Satterlee. sister of the bridegroom
and Miss May Sturgess.
The floral decorations in the church and
house were of an unusually elaborate
character. The chancel was' fully - dec
orated with palms and white roses. Clus
ters of • pink and white roses decorated
each pew end.
The Morgan residence, where the recep
tion was held, was also handsomely dec
orated.- with '•'; a profusion of roses, chry
santhemums and palms. "The . counle • re
ceived. In the drawing-room, standing In
front of a mass , of . flowers. A buffet
luncheon was served under a large tem
porary structure In the yard adjoining the
house.': The bride received" -from her
father a superb tiara and . collar of dia
monds and a brooch of marauese dia
monds, set In treface design, and it is said
Mr.^Morgan. has, set aside for her bonds
of great value.; :
BANKER MORGAN'S
DAUGHTER WEDS
NEW LONDON, Conn., Nov. 15.— Actual
work began this week on the laying of the
keels to the mammoth Iron steamships
to be. built at the works of the Eastern
Sh!p-Eulldi:.g Company at Groton, oppo
site New London, and from this date the
work of putting together the hulls of the
ships will go rapidly on. .
There was issued from the office of the
company to-day an authoritative state
ment regarding the Bize of the ships,
which shows them to be the largest ves
sels in the world now building 1 or planned.
The new vessels will be of 20,000 tons reg
ister and 33,000 tons displacement, or 10,
0C0 tons more displacement than the new
Atlantic greyhound Deutschland. The
new steamers, which are being built pri
marily for cargo carriers, are not so long
as many Atlantic liners, but are much
wider and deeper. The following are the
principal dimensions of- the vessels:
Length. CO feet; beam, 73 feet; depth, 56
feet. ! They - have each five continuous
decks extending the whole length of the
ship, with three additional partial decks
amidships.
Passengers as well as freight will be
carried and accommodations are provided
for nearly 1000 passengers in three classes
The vessel wfll have a speed of fourteen
knots an hour and will carry over 4000
tons of coal in the bunkers. They are
designed to carry cattle, chilled or frozen
meats in refrigerator chambers, fruit or
any kind of cargo that may appear for
transportation.
It Is estimated that when completed the
(steamships will ' cost - f Hlly $5,000,000 • and
they are intended to run from the Pacific
Coast to Oriental ports In connection with
the Great Northern Railway. -. • .\
Kesls Laid for Construction
of the Mammoth
Steamers.
LARGEST SHIPS
IN THE WORLD
MUS. McKINLEY'S NEPHEW
DIES AT HONGKONG
Assistant Paymaster J. S. Barbar
Typhoid. ,
Succumbs to aa Attack of
WASHINGTON. Nov. 15.— News was re
ceived here to-day of the death from ty
phoid fever of Mrs. McKlnley's nephew,
Assistant Paymaster J. S. Barber, at
Hongkong. The news came in the form
of a dispatch to the Navy Department
from the commander of the Monterey, to
which young Barber was attached.
News of the death was conveyed to the
White House personally by Captain
Crowles, acting chief of the Navigation
Bureau, and caused great grief to Mrs.
McKlney and ihe President. •
Mr. Darber entered the Ohio volunteers
at the outbreak of the Spanish war as a
private with his cousin. James McKinley,
and was commended for gallant conduct.
He was mustered out at the end of the
war and when he recovered his strength
which had been shattered by the expo
sure and hardships to which he had been
subjected, he was given a commission in
the navy as an -ns.s'stant paymaster. He
was sent to the Phllppines at his own re
quest, being attached to the Don Juan do
Austria. Afterward he was transferred
to the monitor Monterey, but in the lat
ter his health again Rave way and he had
been lying ill with typhoid fever at Hong
kong for several weeks past.
Mr. Corea called at the State Depart
ment during the day and paid his respects
to Secretary Hay, in particular express
ing his pleasure at the announcement that
President McKinley hod Invited his Cabi
net associates to remain with him for an
other four years.
"So that," he added In conclusion. "I
am happy to say, Nicaragua in free to ne
gotiate with any one ready to negotiate
concerning the canal and especially the
Government cf the United States."
Concerning the Eyre-Cragin canal con
cession, Mr. Corea said the Nicaraguan
Government had declared officially that
this concession was nullified in connec
tion with the provisions of the contract.
The old concession, he said, has ceased
to attract attention.
When asked as to the nature of his In
structions, Mr. Corea said it was inexpe
dient to discuss them In detail, but It
could be said they were sufficient to meet
conditions ns they might arise In connec
tion with the progress of the canal affairs
in this country and co-operate in such
new treaty relations as might become de
sirable. When Inquiry was made as to
the long pending misunderstanding be
tween Nicaragua and Costa Rica In con
nection with the canal, Mr. Corea said
that by a fortunate arrangement this had
been entirely removed.
"There never has been a time," said he.
"when the relations between the two
countries has been more close and cordial.
On July 24 there was celebrated the con
clusion of a boundary line which has
been for years the cause of misunder
standing. President Zelaya is anxious
to sustain at any cost the peace of Cen
tral America, and so far as I know Presi
dent Iglcsias of Costa Rica Is animated
by the same purpose. I feel assured that
peace cannot be Interrupted between any
of the Central American states, at least
among these two, which have such mu
tual interests. This means much not
only for the canal but for the permanent
tranquillity of Central America."
of Central America and a beneficial con
tribution to the world's progress and they
will do everything in their power and in
the dignity of the republic to see that the
work is finished."
ever, feel that too great a delay would
follow arbitration proceedings and they
are holding the arbitration proposition in
reserve, to be suggested in case failure to
agree proves inevitable. "Besides,* " said
an official who discussed tho matter.' "the
President has no assurances that the
blood-seeking Kaiser would be willing *.o
accept arbitration because that might
mean a settlement, and he apparently
does not want that."
CALX. BUREAU, "WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.-Although
the administration, In the Interest of
maintaining the concert In China, agreed
to several propositions incqrporated in the
list of demands to be made by tha pow
ers to which it had objection, it disap
proves decidedly of the suggestion that
the tombs of the Ming dynasty be de
stroyed. It has been asserted that this
will have a lasting effect upon the CM
nese and perhaps more than anything
else prevent recurrence of the recent out
rages. But Its adoption, it Is feared by
administration officials, will cause a vio
lent upheaval In China and cause the re
newal of Chinese resistance, which ap
parently at least one power of Europe is
earnestly endeavoring to accomplish.
The reverence entertained by Chinese
for the, tombs of th«"!r ancestors is well
known, but the feeling felt for the tombs
cf tile dynasty Is even more profound and
an attempt to destroy them may cause
serious trouble. A high official said to
day that the effect on the Chinese would
be the same as the effect on the civilized
world should barbarians destroy Bethle
hem. The proposal is placed on a par
with the vengeful propositions fathered
bs' some of the Ministers in Peklpg.
It is becoming more and more apparent
to the authorities that Germany — and tins
suspicion now extends to Great BMtaln—
does not want- peace. Count von \Y alder
see, seemingly to Inflame the natives, ie
sending expeditions to different points and
these troops are slaughtering innocent
people, destroying property and rousing
feelings of Intense hatred, which will be
fanned into violence at a word frcm the
Imperial court. It Is well known that
friction does exist between the Ministers
and military, and some friction has been
rrofcably manifest among tho Ministers.
The chances of an agreement are conse
quently not good and every day's delay
makes the feeling of the Chinese against
the foreigners more intense.
The President and Secretary Hay, how-
. "WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— The Minister
from Nicaragua, Senor Don Luis Corea.
arrived In Washington this morning after
an absence of four months In Nicaragua,
during which time he conferred with
President Zelaya and the members of the
Cabinet concerning Nicaragua- canal af
falrs and other subjects of interest to the
two countries. He says that by a happy
combination of circumstances the way is
now clear of private concessions and bor
der misunderstandings so that direct
governmental consideration of the water
way may. be taken up. Senor Corea also
brings* word that he has just signed, at
the City of Mexico, acting as Minister for
Nicaragua, the first treaty between Mex
ico and Nicaragua for amity, commerce
and navigation, covering fourteen articles
and firmly uniting the bonds between
these two countries.
"When seen. at the Nicaraguan Legation
to-day and asked as to Mcaraguan
canal affairs, Mr. Corea said:
"I spent some time in conference with
the President and members of the Cabinet
at Managua and I am happy to say that
President Zelaya and his associates, and
In fact the whole country, are enthusias
tic/over the future of the great waterway.
Thov are awaiting with interest the de
velopments at Washington and are hope
ful and contldent that Congress will pas-,
the bill authorizing the opening of nego
tiations with the countries Interested In
the canal and actually the Im
portant work of construction. In that
connection I have the necessary Instruc
tions to facilitlate In every way the co
operation between the governments It
can be said generally that Mcarajrua
stands ready to do her full share in carry
ire forward this great project. Our
Prp«di1ent Zelava is a very progressive
man and is entburfns.tle in his promotion
of all measures contributing to the bone
fit of his country and of general com
merce nnrl ho is surrounded by strone and
Influential n.dviser*. nil Inspired I by the
same progressive spirit. All of them see
fn^he canal work the great development
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHANCES OF SETTLEMENT
IN CHINA GROW REMOTE
»
Von waldersee's Policy ol Slaughtering Innocents
Seems Calculated to Promote Discord.
Senor Corea, Nlcarapan Minister, Readies Washington
Vested Witti Plenipotentiary Powers.
PREPARED TO NEGOTIATE
RELATIVE TO THE CANAL
KING OSCAR OF SWEDEN, WHOSE HEALTH IS SAID TO BE IN A
VERY LOW STATE AND HIS MIND UNBALANCED. EFFORTS ARE
BEING MADE TO CONCEAL HIS REAL CONDITION.
NEW TOKK, Xov. 15.— It ie announced
that the Society fcr tiie Suppression of
Vice, of which Anthony Comstcck Is '.he
head, will soon begin the most extensive
raid of poolrooms and gambling dens ever
undertaken In this city. The work of ob
taining evidence has bten under way for
fome time. a.r.d the Ccnistock society has
rpocived the aid of many citizens, who
have 'crmed themselves Jnto an organiza
tion known as the Antl- Vice. Society of
New York The evidence collected has
be*n turned ovor to District Attorney
Gard.'ner. and it is saiJ Mr. Comstock will
twoiir out a l3r£re cunib^r of v.'arrsints.
To Purify Paterson.
ihe fcrst of a number of meetings
l-ianned by church people, with a view
cf purifying the social condition of Peter
son. N. J.. has been held In the First Cap
t:t=t Church under the auspices of the
Christian Endeavor Union. Sirs. Ella N.
Dealing, matron of the Florence Critten
ton Hone, in.ido the principal address.
¦In. William Hall, a prominent mfmlier
of the \v. C. T. U.. also spoke Both took
for their theme the "Appalling Conditions
Disclosed by the Development in the Bos
schieter Case."
Mrs. Dealing paid she believed in a
Christian rather than a reform movement.
Fhe believed that all churches shouid
unite to crush out -xistlng conditions,
and that, united, everything could be
done, but very little could be accom
plished if each church or each denomina
tion worked alone.
Mrs. Hall referred directly to the Bos-
Bcbwter murder, and said the vultures of
India who preyed upon the weak were
not wcrsc than the men who lured lnuo-
Cf nt r;rls from the paths of rle-hteouenesa.
The purest were not too pood for tbes»
bmnan birds of prey. Jn the name of th»
mothers of Paterson she : «ked all to unite
for the protection -of the children.
Bureau of Current History.
Perry Heath, secretary of the Republi
can National Committee, just before leav
ing fcr the West on a two weeks' hunting
Trip, discussed the qu<^tion of permanent
headquarters for the National Republican
< ommittee. Immediately aft*>r Mr
Heath's return to Washington he will
open the temporary headquarters of the
National Committee in that city. Mr
Heath said that it had not been "deeleded
yet to make the Waj-hington headquarters
permanent. In an interview he said:
"There is a feeling that we ou*ht to
have in cpr.Ftant operation In Washington
a kir.q of bureau of current history th«t
snail keep a clear rc;crd of the attltudo
of the party In Congress and of the act*
of the administration. If this had been
done last year we should not have had to
consume so much time this fall in ex
plaining th*» benefit?, lor example, of such
e. measure as the new currency law We
ooujd have kept the people, through the
medium of the press, informed as to the
merits ct different n»w measures."
Aa Offer for Bryan.
The Martin Er.gel Association, the Tam
rnany Hall organization of the Eighth
Assembly District, ha* formally voted to
oflVr William J. Uryan a handsome fee to
com- to New York .»nd take charge of
the log.il dpfcns<» of the district captain*
r>l ?*>«? E!;rhth Assembly District, indicted
for alleped violations cf the election laws.
New Pastor Chosen.
The Rev. Wilson D. Sexton of Detroit
taa hjp^n chosen as the new pastor of the
North Presbyterian Church, at a salary cf
R5T.T0 a year. He will succeed the Rev
Stesley B. Rossiter. who resigned nearly
a year apo.
Californians In Gotham.
The fcJlowinr Caiifornians nrs in New
Tcrk: From San Francisco— Miss B E
Kelson, at Herald Square; M. Taylor at
Metropolitan: A. P. Whittel. at Nether
lana: F. Greenwood, at Hoffman- J n
Hammond, at St. D*nis: M. L. Isaac*, at
Continental; E. C. Newell, at Amsterdam.
Church People Begin the
Work o! Ridding Pater
son ol. Moral Lepers.
An Extensive Raid on
Gambling Dens Is
Planned.
CITIZENS LEND THEIR AID
BIG CRUSADE
AGAINST VICE
IN NEW YORK
LONDON, Nov. 15.— The work of build-
Ing Sir Thomas Lipton's new America's
cup challenger, Shamrock II, has been
started In Denny's yard at Dumbarton,
within an enclosure.' G. L. Watson, 1 the
yacht designer, has. laid' out the lines of
the framework, which will be constructed
of nickel steel. The plates will probably
be of bronse.
Police Regulate Theaters.
A St. Petersburg special cays: It. is re
ported that tho police of Klett have taken
the theatere of that city in hand. They
have not found it necessary to measure
the length of the skirts of tho members
of the ballet. The evils which they de
sire to correct and no doubt have already
corrected, are of another character. There
was some complaint that the pauses be
tween the acts were too long, and the
police decided that these waits must not
last over fifteen minutes. The police also
discovered that certain actors were being
applauded far beyond their real merits.
They therefore decided that In future no
actor may bo applauded more than three
times during the same performance.
Bust of Queen Victoria.
The city has been brought In various
ways Into particularly close relation this
year with her Majesty Queen Victoria,
most notably In connection with the City
Imperial Volunteers. Now that their re
turn has been celebrated— even though in
much whisky and Email beer— very pleas
antly comes in the presentation to the
corporation of London, for exhibition in
the Mansion House, of a splendid marble
bust of her Majesty, executed by Mr. On
slow Ford. The bust is a gift to the city
by Mr. G..P. Ernest of Moorgate street,
a naturalized German citizen, who, in pre
senting It, snld it was "an expression of
gratitude for his adoption." i
Sal« of a Noted Library. \
The Bale of the library of Lord Ashbur
ton at Sothebys yesterday and to-day
drew a number of American buyers. The
library was largely collected by the first
Baron Ashburton when he was Embassa
dor of Great Britain at Washington. Den
ton's "Brief Description of New York,
formerly the Netherlands." unbound of
SI pa^es, dated 1670. sold for £400 to a
dealer representing a New York buyer.
The same volume was sold at the Barlow
sale In New York for £105. Dumont's
memorial manuscripts relating to the sale
of Louisiana <?old for £116.
Russia's Old Diplomacy.
According to a.St. Petersburg special
the Russian newspapers are jubilantly
celebrating the fortelth anniversary of
the treaty of Peking by which Russia ac
quired an immense "amount of territory.
The Novoe Vrcmya, however, unfavor
ably compares Russian diplomacy then
with European diplomacy now, and says
It is authorized to state emphatically that
an effort will be made to press a cam
paign for a separate place by Rupeia in
the negotiations with China. Thia is
not, however, understood as representing
the Government's views.
King Oscar's Low State.
A Paris special says: Private But most
trustworthy information has been re
ceived here that King Oscar of Sweden
Is In a very low state of health. His re
cent brain attack. It Is added, deprived
him of his memory and he seems unable
to recuperate- The facts are being sup
pressed.
An Embezzler Remanded.
Edwin Barnes, a clerk, was remanded In
the Bow-street Police Court to-day on the
charge of pmberzllner £1-1S9 belonging to
the New York Life Insurance Company.
Central Asia Exploration.
A special from St. Petersburg says: An
International association for the further
ance of. the exploration of Central Asia
Is belnp formed. The principal seat will
be at St. Petersburg.
Russian Police Take a Hand
in Tlieater Management
and Reform.
FRAME IS OF STEEL
Laying Out Lines lor
theAmerica's Cup
Challenger.
WORK BEGINS
ON SIR THOMAS'
NEW YACHT
LONDON'S LOVE FOR
HER MAJESTY, VICTORIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM§ V>= :^OyiCM3EIt'- 16, 1900.
KING OSCAR OF SWEDEN
IN PRECARIOUS HEALTH
2
The -Hob.
(CHAS. KEILUS & CO.)
STEIN-BLOCH CO.'S
SUITS AND OVERCOATS
OK FABRICS AND FASHIONS
THAT ARE
EXCLUSIVELY
NEW.
Exclusive
Higfa-Grade
Clothiers
HACICETT. CARHART & CO.'S
SUITS AND OVERCOATS
OF MATERIALS AND PATTERNS
THAT HAVE
NEW IDEAS
AND STYLE.
PARAGON PANTS
ARE RIGHT.
SOLD ONLY HERE.
\T) KEARNY ST.
IV L THURLOW BLOCK. ';
¦ ¦ • ¦ i 1
Our $1.30 Hat is a good one or it wouldn't be here
: at all; it is low priced or we wouldn't talk so much about
it. It is a sort of go-between — not a "cheap" Hat or an
expensive one ; Fact is, it's the usual $2.00 quality sold
about town in exclusive Hat Stores. Comes in Derbys, ;
I Fedoras, Graecos and Violets' in the popular colors. Price
of any of the styles,
Men's Golf Caps 15c each, or two for 25C.
! Ouf-of-tonn orders { filled^vrrifo us.
... 718 Market. Street. jj
g^= . =^^^^^^^j^z=^™^rr--— ~— — — pa
¦^ / ....... t°Attempts t to End His ¦ Life.
SAN' JOSE. Nov. 15.— Fred Leonard, a
business" man of Los Gatos, ; attempted -to
commit' suicide to-day.; by shooting him
self '¦ In the head; Worry over business
matters and ill: health are assigned as, the
cause. .The physicians say he will not re-
for Life.
CAPEL A BENEFICIARY.
Lord Bute Bequeaths Him an Income
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 15.-Monsignor T.
J. Capel of Arno, this county, has been
bequeathed by the late Lord Bute of Eng
land an income of $500 per year for the
rest of his life. Lord Bute owed his con
version to the Catholic faith some years
ago to Monsignor T. J. Capel, at that
time one of the leading men In the Papal
household.
Monsignor Capel Is portrayed In Lord
Bf-aconsfield's most popular novel, "Lo
thair." under the name of Monsignor
Oatesby. Lord Bute himself figuring In
the work as Lothair. In the novel Cates
by converts Lothair to the Catholic faith
end it is an interesting. fact that the two
men held in real life the relationship
fdven them by Lord Beanconsfield in his
novel. Monsigncr Capel for several years
has been leading a life of retiremnet at
Arno.
Certificates Granted.
WILLOWS. Nov. 15.— The Glenn County
Board cf Education at its semi-annual
meet ing, which closed to-day, granted
certificates of the gTammar grade to Miss
Marion Davies and N. B. Drew. Mrs. A.
E. L>oyle was recommended to receive a
life diploma of the grammar grade and G.
IV. V\ right was recommended to receive
a lift- diploma of the high school grade.
Delmar Wylle and Sue C. Davis were rec
"inirw'nded for educational diplomas of the
j-'rammsr grade.
SEATTLE. Nov. 15.— The steamer Ruby
A. Cousins, which sailed from this port
several weeks ago laden with a general
cargo of Government supplies for the sol
diers at Port Valdes, now lies a total
wreck in the Narrows at the entrance to
Prince William Sound. Captain F. L.
Dowell. her master and owner, returned
from the north to-day, bringing details of
the disaster.
The Cousins was wrecked while trying
to pass through the Narrows without the
aid of a tug. Captain Dowell was en
tirely familiar with the waters of the Nar
rows, but encountered adverse currents,
and the vessel rapidly drifted on to the
shoals, where she was pounced to pieces
before any attempts could be made to
save her valuable cargo, which was to
tally ruined. The wreck was attended
with no loss of life. The crew escaped in
small boats and were later picked up and
taken to Port Valdes, from which point
they took a steamer to this city.
BEGEROW ON THE STAND.
ing of Cech and Berger.
Sticks to His Original Story of Shoot-
SAN JOSE, Nov. 15.— The cross-exami
nation of Frederick Begerow, on trial for
the murder of Joseph Cech, was taken up
at the opening of court this morning. The
defendant reiterated the details of the
double tragedy at the brewers' picnic. He
stuck well to his story. Begerow claimed
he only fired in self-defense. Cech and
Berger had taken a prisoner, "Bis
marck," away from him. They followed
him up. beating him and threatening to
kill him. He warned them he was an of
ficer and for them to desist. At last he
was compelled to shoot. Before doing so
he fired one shot in the air. 0
The prosecution offered some testimony
In rebuttal. John Duncan said he saw the
parties in the crowd that congregated
after the shooting trip up and hit Bege
row. He said the blood stains on the
clothes of the Constable were from these
attacks.
Ralph Peters, John Maloney and Tom
Stone gave some Immaterial testimony.
William Gresslnger declared he had
struck the Constable after his arrest -at
least half a dozen times. He contended
the bruises on the officer's face were made
by himself and others, and not Cech and
Berger.
An attempt was made to show that
Begerow was quarrelsome when drinking
by testimony of Mrs. Emerson of Alvlso
and Tom Sourrlsseau, but the court ruled
it out.
Hugo Liebenthal, Victor Baumgartner,
Caspar Shale, Jailer Dreischmeyer and
Deputy Sheriff Gruell were examined, but
they did not alter the -story of the defend
ant to any extent.
The case will probably go to the Jury
Monday, afternoon. *
INTEBESTS THE COAST.
Postal Changes and Postmasters Ap-
pointed— Patents Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— Postofflce es
tablished: Oregon— Salt Creek, Polk
County, David Nachtigall Postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Martha L. Metzger. Quartz.
Washington— William B. Rice Rice
Appointed: California— E. F. Welch
Elmdale, Stanislaus Count}', vice Perry s'
Martin, resigned. '.••_¦¦*
Oregon— John L. Gay, Crowley Polk
County, vice Squire D. Tucker, resigned;
Thomas C. W heeler, Saglnaw, Lane Coun
ty, vice Laura Weaver, resigned
Pensions issued to-day: Californla-Or
iginal—Dennis Mulling, Soldiers' Home.
Los Angeles, $12; John Malia. Chico $6
Increase-Clarence 8 Nutting, San Ffan
clsco, $8; Francis M. See. Veterans' Home.
Napa, • $8: Charles Peterson. San Fran
cisco. $3. Original widow— Amelia Hutch
ins, San Francisco; $S. War with Spain-
George M. Duncan, Menlo Park. $17
Oregon— Increase— Paul F. Minsomaier
Salem. $8; Green J. Ross, East Portland'
Washington— Original— Charles S. Ma
son, Pullman. $12; George Zinn, Pomeroy
$G. War with Spain— Original— Ralph
Wintler, Vancouver, $S; Frank P. Hicks
Spokane, $6. '
Pay the Penalty.
NO HOPE FOR . SULLIVAN.
Murderer of Spencer Gaylord Must
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 15.— To-morrow
morning at 10:80 William Sullivan will be
hanged at San Quentin Prison for the
murder of Spencer Gaylord in Tuolumne
County. The Supreme Court has already
passed upon his case and affirmed the
judgment of the lower court. The • con
demned man's sole hope rests in the Gov
ernor, to whom a strong appeal for clem
ency was made to-day at Sacramento by
Sullivan's attorney. No word as to the
result of the Governor's action has reach
ed here to-night. Sullivan is resigned to
his fate and is expected to go to • his
death bravely.
Election Contest at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 15.— Owen D. Richard
son and Martin' Murphy, who at the late
election were elected City Justice and
County Auditor, respectively, on the Dem
ocratic ticket, and. whose vote. the Super
visors refused" to canvass, , to-day peti
tioned Judge Rhodes for a writ of man
date compelling the board, to. count the*
votes * and ' tssue to , them certificates ot
election. The court granted the petition
and set November. 23 ;as» the ."day for the
board. to appear and show cause why the
vote was not canvassed and certificates is
sued to Richardson' and Murphy.- ..-,. ¦<,.':
Steamer Strikes a Shoal Near Prince
William Sound and Goes to
Pieces, the Crew Escaping *
in Boats.
RUBY A. COUSINS
IS A TOTAL WRECK
Special IMspatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 15.— Mill Valley is
ablaze with indignation. A bold counter
feiter has ornamented the legs of the tur
keys, ducks and geese of the town with
spurious license tags, thus delivering a
eolar plexus blow to the pound ordinance.
The startling discovery was made by
Poundman Charles Cline early yesterday
morning, when he captured a goose and
two roosters which were wearing the han
diwork of the counterfeiter. Mr. Cline
was on his usual morning tour of the
town, when his attention was attracted to
a large -willowy necked gander, whose tag
had slipped from his knee and was slap
ping around on top of his expansive foot.
Not wishing to see the owner lose the tag
Mr. Cline got out his goose call and de
livered several mandatory "honks,"
whereupon the intelligent bird came to a
halt and allowed the poundman to handle
the tag. No sooner had Mr. Cline's hand
touched the metal than he realised that
he was toying with the handiwork of a
dangerous counterfeiter. Upon inspection
the tag showed much Ingenuity, though it
bristled with faults. Instead of being
made of 104 proof aluminum, like the gen
uine, it was coined of 14-karat brass and
thinly plated with tin.
After making the discovery Mr. Cline
sought the services of Constable Richard
McDonald and his riata. Together they
lassoed and threw many of the tagged
fowl. Seven bogus tags rewarded their
efforts.
When Police Judge C. T. Conlan re
turned to San Francisco from his summer
home in the valley he left a large asth
matic rooster, upon the advice of his phy
sician, who told him that the bird would
never survive the fogs of the metropolis.
This morning Cline and McDonald pur
sued the rooster into a hollow tree and
found that he was passing the "queer"
upon the poundman. Ho was placed in a
Back after his leg was relieved of its bo
gus tags. Half an hour later Professor
George Miehllng's wrestling rooster
"Olympic" was found roaming the streets
and scratching worms with a limb that
carried another bogus tag. He joined
Conlan'B rooster in the sack and both are
now in the Cline barn.
Cline and McDonald have organized a
secret service bureau and the guilty man
will be hunted to earth. No' expense will
be spared. Once a week from now on
Poundman Cline will line up the fowl of
the valley for inspection and examine the
tags.
McMillan proves good
WITNESS FOB DEFENSE
Struck Williams Before the
Declares Positively That Martin
Shooting.
STOCKTON. Nov". 15.— The defense In
the case of Captain Williams, charged
with the murder of Conductor William
Martin, scored quite a point to-day In the
testimony of G. H. McMillan. He was a
surprise, as he did not appear at the pre
liminary examination, and, although
called by the State, he proved an excep
tionally good witness for the defense. He
testified positively that Martin struck
Williams just before the latter drew his
revolver and fired. Witness declared that
he was standing at the bar at the time,
and in sur-h a position as to witness the
hostile meeting from the time the two
principals entered the room. Witness de
clared that he was not aware of the iden
tity of the two men until after the shoot
ing was over. '•
I don't suppose you saw every move
made by Williams during this time?"
asked the District Attorney.
"Yes; I saw every movement he made.
I was watching him intently," replied the
witness.
Pleads Temporary Insanity.
COLUSA, Nov. 15.— The trial of Jesse T.
Button for the murder of Constable John
Clasby still continues. in Judge Albery'a
court. The forenoon was put in by the
defense in Introducing testimony tending
to show that the relations between Con
stable Clasby and the defendant's wife so
preyed upon the defendant that his mind
became unbalanced, and that during a
spell of temporary inspnlty the fatal shot
was fired.
Concert at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 15.—
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin Club will
give their first concert for the season to
morrow night in the Assembly Hall. A
clever farcette entitled "Stunts in a Stu
dio, or a Twenty Minute Exposure," will
close the programme and- promises to be
the feature of the evening. P. K. Oilman,
01. F. A. Corbusier. '01, and G. A. Olshau
•en. '01, will take the leading parts.
Recount Is Probable.
WOODLAND, Nov. 15.— There will prob
ably be a recount in the Fourth Supervi
sorial District of this county. There are
only four votes difference between
Vaughn, the successful candidate, and
Nelson, Democrat, in a total vote of 1151.
Boon to Be Wedded.
WOODLAND, Nov. 16.-MarshaU Diggs
Jr. and Miss Rose Wirth, both of this
city, will be married in Berkeley on Sun
dav, .November 17.
* «. E . ak l? ?/ Knights Landing and
Miss Minnie M. Morin of this city, a niece
of Mrs. sD.-M.- -Burns, will be marriedUn
this city November 21.
Poundman Cline Discovers That a
Clever Counterfeiter Has Been
"Working Successfully in
Sis District.
MILL VALLEY FOWL
WEAR BOGUS TAGS
ST. HELENA. Nov. 14.— The Trus
tees of the St. Helena public
school have finally decided upon
plans for the new school building
to be erected this winter upon the
site of the present structure, which has
sheltered teachers and pupils for many
yeare. The plans accepted are those pre
sented by Cunningham & Politeo of Oak
land. The edifice will be entirely of stone
and the cost must not exceed $20,000.
There will be six classrooms, an assem
bly-room convertible. into two classrooms,
principal's office, library, teachers' rooms,
bicycle-room, etc. The building will be a
great improvement to the town and one
in which the citizens will take much pride.
The election to bond the district to raise
funds for a new schoolhouse was carried
at the fourth election held for that pur
pose. The bids will soon be let and work
immediately begun.
Special to The Call.
SPLENDID NEW SCHOOLHOUSE SOON TO BE ERECTED AT ST. HE
LENA. THERE WAS CONSIDERABLE OPPOSITION TO THIS IM
PROVEMENT, BUT A MAJORITY OF VOTERS AGREED TO IT.
Special rw«p*teh to The Call
FKESKO, Nov, 15.— News was to-day
received by Sheriff Collins that Alexander
MacDonald. who at one time was a resi
dent of this city and is now well known
fcere. had been murdered at Millwood.
Nothing is known as to how the trag
edy occurred except that when the body
was found there was a blacksmith's
hammer near it. The blow that caused
his death was struck below the right
temple and It is believed that the hammer
was used in the assault. Deputy Sheriff
White and the Coroner left this city for
the scene of the crime early to-day.
From Sanger White telephoned to the
Sheriff's office that the body was found
a Fhort distance from the saloon where
MacDonald worked and that his head was
battered beyond recognition.
No clew he." yet been obtained to fasten
suspicion upon any one. Deputy Sheriff
While is continuing his investigation.
While living in this city MacDonald was
employed as a bartender.
Deputy Sheriff White In
vestigating Death o!
Alex MacDonald.
HAMMER WEAPON USED
Former Fresno Man
Killed by Unknown
: Assassin.
MUTILATED
BODY FOUND
BY ROADSIDE
HER BODY IS EXHUMED
Washington Belle Dies Alter
Dining Witn a Friend
of Her Fiance.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, V.'ash., Nov. 15.— The Cor
oner of King County will to-morrow lm
panel a jury to investigate the cause of
the < death of Mabel L. Ingalls, a younyr
.girl lately resident of the suburban town
of Ballard, who died suddenly November
3 and was buried next day. There is
every reason to believe that evidence of
the most sensational character will be
presented to the Jury, upon whose find
ings another human lile may depend.
Saturday afternoon, November 3. Mabe!
Ingalls was alive and .well. That after
noon she and a young friend and neigh
bor, Miss Adams, were invited to the
house' of Mrs. Laura M. Laurie, who
operates an employment agency in Bal
lard. The two girls were treated to cake
and wine just before leaving the house,
and before she could reach home Miss In
galls was taken violently ill. The. usual
home remedies for cramps were admin
istered, but without giving relief, and
during the evening a ynyslcian was sum
moned. He diagnosed the case as cholera
morbus and so treated it. The girl be
came rapidly worse. Late at night three
other physicians were called in, out their
efforts were of no avail, the *irl dying
early Sunday morning. The death certill
cate shows the cause as cholera morbus.
The remains were burled Sunaay after
noon.
In the midst of their first grief Mr. and
Mrs. C. G. . Ingalls, the parents of the
dead girl, accepted the physicians' state
ment as to the cause. Then they heard
the story from Miss Adams of the lunch
of cake and wine, and recalled o^her cir
cumstances which aroused their suspicion
of foul play.
Miss Ingalls had been engaged to marry
Krnest Carstens, a business man of Se
attle, and the wedding was to have taken
place in December. She had met Car
stens at Mrs. Laurie's home and their
acquaintance had ripened into love. Car
stens and Mrs. Laurie had been friends
long prior to his acquaintance with Miss
Ingalls and there were rumors of a more
intimate attachment. These facts Indi
cated to the parents of the girl a possible
motive for crime, which coupled with the
story of Miss Adams moved them to ap
peal to Coroner Sparling.
The facts In the case were laid before
the Coroner, who proceeded at once to in
vestigate.. The testimony of Miss Adams,
who accompanied Miss Ingalls to the
house of Mrs. Laurie and who there saw
her drink wine from a cup given' her by
Mrs. Laurie and who herself drank some
of the wine, determined the Coroner to
probe the case to the bottom. Miss
Adams' story that the woman had poured
the wine drunk by Miss Ingalls first into
a glass and then into a cup, and had her
self refused to drink the wine remaining
In the cup, Together with the fact that
Miss Ingalls, young and In perfect health,
was almost immediately taken violently
ill and died within a few hours, gave the
Coroner the clew upon which the chem
ists went to work.
Early yesterday morning the body of
the dead girl was exhumed from what ten
days before the clergyman had pro
nounced to be its last resting place. The
work was quickly done and the casket
conveyed to Bonney & Stewart's morgue.
On the casket being opened It was
found that the body had undergone not
the slightest change. Owing to the con
tinued cold weather and the presence of
an embalming fluid, the remains were in
a perfect state of preservation. The au
topsy was performed by Dr. Powers and
Dr. Bowies. Owing to the facts which
had come to their knowledge they re
moved more of the vital organs and 'soft
tissues of the body than is usual in such '
cases. When they had finished the body
was replaced in the casket. It was to-day
replaced In the grave.
Dr. Powers explained the reason for the
removal of more than the contents of the
stomach. Arsenlous acid, he said, had
been used by the undertaker in preparing
the body for interment, the fluid con
taining arsenic being introduced through
the nostrils. It was entirely likely, he
said, that the fluid had found Its way
into the stomach, thereby rendering it
Impossible to detect the presence in the
stomach of arsenic swallowed before
death. It was imperative to examine
other organs and tissues of the body for
traces of that poison.
It happens that arsenic Is the very
poison that it is suspected caused the
death of Miss Ingalls. It was the belief
of the physicians who attended here that
she died of cholera morbus. The symp
toms of this disease and of poisoning br
arsenic are so similar that it is practi
cally impossible for a skilled physician to
distinguish them In the absence of a his
tory of the case.
Naturally Drs. Powers and Bowles re
fuse to make public the result of the au
topsy. That they discovered something
that warrants the suspicion of foul Dlav
Is evident from the fact that on the
strength of their private report to Coro
ner Sparling an inquest has been ordered
From the outset Miss Ingalls' relatives
have refused publicly to discuss the mat
ter, further than to admit that it was at I
the instance of the father that the inves
tigation was held. Mrs. Laurie, who has
been discussed by the local press as the
woman in the case, was yesterday for the
first time mentioned in a local newspaper
by name, -together with the facts that
brought suspicion upon her.
A day" or so after Miss Ingalls' death
Mrs. Laurie left Ballard, going to Pres
ton, in this county, where her husband is
employed in a shingle mill. She returned
to Ballard yesterday, accompanied by her
husband, and to-day made a statement
for publication.
She states that the facts related by Miss
Adams are. substantially correct. She In
vited the two girls to her house and gave
them the cake and wine -of which both
partook. She Insists, however, that she
did not, as related by Miss Adams pour
the wine intended for Miss Ingalls from a
glass into a cup, and also says that she
herself drank of the same beverage. The
wine, she says, , was left with her as a
sample a few days previous by a travel
ing salesman.
She asserts that she and Miss Ingalls
were the dearest friends and .that no one
had rejoiced more than she- in the ap
proaching marriage of v Miss Ingalls to
Carstens. She also intimates that Mr. and
Mrs. Ingalls - have ; reasons to dislike her,
but refuses to discuss that phase of th*
matter until the inquest. *
Miss • Ingalls was 22 years old and a
beautiful .girL She was trained for, the
profession of teaching, but" had been em
ployed as a- clerk In a Seattle store until
a few weeks prior to her death/ when she
left her place to prepare for her marriage.
Her father Is a jeweler in Ballard and the
family is ' considered highly respectable."
Mrs. Laurie is 38 or 40 years of age. and
In no way of a prepossessing appearance.
She conducts an . employment agency at
Ballard and lives npart from her husband,
although both state that their separation
Is merely a business arrangement and not
due to any matrimonial infelicity. . Mrs.
Laurie declares ,that she will face the In
quest In perfect confidence of vindication,
but the Sheriffs , office . is maintaining a
constant watch upon her, movements.
Miss Mabel Ingalls
May Have Been
Poisoned.
MISTERIOUS
DEATH OF A
YOUNG WOMAN
ST. HELENA TO HAVE
A NEW SCHOOLHOUSE
THE SAN FKAISCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1900.
3
SMVQOPfrfO
TI8 Market Street. .
ADVXBTISEMENTfk
A LAW UNTO HIMSELF.
Every Man Must Be That, to Retain
Sis Health and Digestion.
There are thousands of people In this
world would eat no meat from one year's
end to another, and certain savage tribes
in Africa and Polynesia are almost ex-
clusively meat eaters: but while there are
thousar.ds cf these, there are millions who
live upon a mixed diet of meat, vegetables
and grains, and if numbers is a criterion
it would seem that a mixed diet Is the
Lt-st :"cr me human family.
The fact that you will find many vege-
tarians who appear healthy and vigorous
and m«-at eaters equally so, and any num-
ber -of robust specimens who eat both
meat and vegetables and anything else
that comes their way all goes to show
that ;he old saw is the true one. that
every man must be a law to himself as
to what he shall eat and drink.
To repair the waste of tissue in brain
workers as well as to replace the muscle
and sinew of the laborer, can only be done
through the process of digestion.^
Every nerve, muscle, sinew, every drop
of blood, is extracted from the food we
cat and digest.
In these days of hustle and worry, and
artificial habits of life, scarcely one per-
son in a thousand can lay claim to a per-
fest digestion: dyspepsia is a national af-
fliction and Stuart s Dyspepsia Tablets a
national blessing.
Most cases of poor digestion are caused
by failure of the stomach to secrete suf-
ficient gastric juice, or too little hydro-
chloric aci-1 and lack of peptones, arid all
of these important essentials to perfect i
digestion are lound in Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets in convenient palatable form.
One or two of these tablets taken after
tneals insure perfect digestion and assim-
ilation of the food.
Cathartic pills and laxative me<licines
have no effect whatever in digesting food
and to call such remedies a cure for
dyspepsia is far fetched and absurd.'
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain pep-
ein free from animal matter, diastase and
otner digestives, ajid not only digest all
wholesome food, but tend to increase the
flew of gastric juices and by giving the
weak stomach a much needed rest bring
about at healthy condition of the digestive
crsans and a normal appetite.
Nervous, thin-blor>ded. run-down people
should bear in mind that drugs and stim-
ulants cannot furnish good biood, strong
muscle and steady nerves; the.se come
only from wholesome food, thoroughly
digested. A fifty-cent box of Stuart's
TuMfrts taken after meals for a few
weeks will do you more real good than
drugs, stimulants ar.d dieting combined.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is probably
the eafrst. most popular and ruccessful
cigestive on the market, and sold by drug-
gists ever^-v-here in the United States,
Canada ana Great Britain.
No Waste in the Kitchen
No waste of time or materials, for with
a miLl quantity of extract, remnants
*rfcich by themselves would be ineipid
eadueeiesa can be made In to a delicate
coup, or eavory di«h.
I COMPANY'S EXTRACT I
I OF BEEF for j
I IMPROVED AND ECONO V.!C COOKERY I
>gft^^ PAINLESS
jdJKpF^St*^^ EXTRACTION
v15ti GEARY STREET
.. Betveeo Hyde and Larldn.
T*!«pfcoce Folk U2K " ¦ ' * \
Out-of-town orders filled for any "article in our store— customers get the same advantages as
though they bought in person. Write us— wo have one department that does nothing but see that
you get the goods you want- and answers your communications. * '
Boys' Clothing
Because of the increasing demand for the boys' suits at $2.50
we are going to continue the sale another week, so that every
mother can improve this opportunity.
$2.50 a suit
The suits are for boys from 5 to 1? years of age and are made
of all-wool materials; the usual values are $4 00; $4.50 arid $5.00;
the special price for one more week will be
Suits from 9 to 15 years of age are made with plain, double-
breasted coat, and from 5 to 10 years in size with double-breasted
coat and sailor collar trimmed with braid.
Boys* golf caps 15c each, or two for 25c.
Boys' knee pants with riveted buttons and elastic w'aist bands,
ases 3 to 15 years, variety' of, patterns, special price for a week
50c a pair.
./ Boys' all-wool sweaters, in all sizes, solid colors and stripes,
New departure — Made-to-order satin lined covert cloth automo-
bile coats for little girls from 3 to 13 years of age; price $10.00
each.
— —
Baseball outfit consisting of ball, bat, cap and belt free ..with
every boy's suit and overcoat. . :
Remember that this is the store tKat protects its customers.
*10.00
A suit that seems to be very popular here now is our biue serge at $10.60.
It is made from all-wool material, by union labor, so, of course, you may count
upon the making as first-class. Suits come in single or double breasted styles*,
and from the general satisfaction they have given we believe they are the best
serges for the money ever sold in San Francisco ; we have your size, and it will
cost you but
Other overcoats, in kersevs, coverts, whipcords, cheviots, oxford grays,
raglans, etc.. from $7.50 to $15.00 upwards, and every one a money-saver.
This wea' her does not encourage buying an overcoat. It is very likely
that you go to and from work now without wearing an overcoat, but just remem-
ber that colder weather is coming ; then you will hasten to buy. Why not buy
now? You can buy during our present overcoat sale and save about one-third.
We were heavily stocked on this season's overcoats, so marked down certain
lines to reduce them. What if you shcu ! d not need the overcoat for two weeks
yet—you might as well have it — especially at our prices.
Pictured above is a fine black kersey overcoat with. velvet collar and good
linings ; it's a union-made, well-made overcoat ; sold previous to the sale for
$10.00 ; sale price- now
Swell overcoats
ADVEHTISEIffElTTS.
SNWOOPfrfP
.^^J^SCjiC |^ rffcr*WJack Kreling lost to Micky Welch after
four rounds of fighting. Kreling was un
able to palm off his twin brother on
Welch, aa Greggalns was too wary. Tom
Cleary beat Charles Taylor. Taylor put
Cleary's eye in eclipse. Cleary was the
aggressor and rightfully earned the vic
tory. Tommy Lawlor and Jack Hopkins
punched each other's heads for four
rounds and the bout was declared a draw.
Mike Curtain knocked out Tim Hearst in
l«»sa than two rounds. The contest was so
funny that "Spider" Kelly, a cousin, of
his tong. Wing went at Wiley with a
determination to cut his career short.
Wiley contented himself with protecting
his jaw. He made a burlesque, of the bout
and would have dropped on a soft spot
and been counted out if the crowd had
let him. The farce was declared a draw.
Had the gymnasium of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club been twice its size
it could not have comfortably accommo
dated the immense crowd which attended
the monthly fistic exhibition '. held last
night.
There was but one knockout recorded,
but every bout was replete with heavy
fighting. The bout between Ah Wing, the
almond-eyed product of Auburn County,
and "Oofty Goofty" Wiley, the human
punching bag, was a disappointment to
the crowd. They expected Wing to enter
the ring protected by a coat of chain mail
and a highbinder's hatchet. But Wing
wore the regulation pugilistic costume
and he was esquired by two members of
Bag Crowd Assembles to - Witness - Bouts and • Enjoys the Sport— Only One
Knockout Recorded— Chinese Boxer Furnishes Lots of Fun.
PUGILISTICALLY INLCLINED YOUTHS PUMMEL EACH OTHER
IN THE ROPED ARENA OF THE SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB
The Racing Calendar this afternoon an
nounces that the stewards of the Jockey
Club adjourned without reporting a deci
sion In the case of Wlshard, the American
trainer, and Lester Relff, the American
jockey. Meanwhile the fact that the lat
ter is riding to-day indicates the correct
ness of the Associated Press forecast of
LONDON, Nov. 15.— The Relff and Wlsh
ard case was keenly discussed on the race
course at Derby to-day. It transpires
that further Inquiry on the subject was
conducted there this afternoon. And it Is
Bald that the matter will be thrashed out
in the courts as well as • In the Jockey
Club, lawyers having been instructed to
commence an action tor libel against Lord
Durham, no matter what the decision of
the Jockey Club may be. In the mean
while racing men are satisfied the Jockey
Club will acquit the Americans.
Both of the Relffa were much In evi
dence at the Derby November meeting to
day. In the race for the Drake low sell
ing plate of 250 sovereigns, for all ages.
Lester Reiff had the mount on G. Cott
rill's Orris Root, the winner of the event.
He also rode Schernus. which finished
first In the race for the Elvaston Castle
selling plate.
The .face for the' Doverldge stake?, of
5 sovereigns each, with 150 sovereigns
added, was won by Lord Harewood's
Nightshade, ridden by Johnny Relff. *
November 14, that Lord Durham's charges
of "pulling" Richard Croker's The Scotch
man II at Doncaster would not be sus
tained.
JOCKEY LESTER REIFF AND TRAINER WISBARD
DECIDE TO SUE LORD DURHAM FOR LIBEL
There will be no side bet. The fight will
go to the club offering the most money.
According to the articles of agreement
Jeffries will meet Ruhlin on or about June
1 next, and if he wins will fac. Sharkey
NEW YORK. Xov. 13.— James J. Jef
fries, champion heavy-weight puglli3t.
was to-day matched to fight Gus Ruhlin.
Thla is the second contest arranged for
Jeffries within two days, the other being
with Sharkey. William Madden, manager
of Ruhlin,. to-day notified William A.
Brady, who pilots Jeffries, that he had
posted $2500 with Al Smith as a guarantee
of good faith.* and that. Instead of Insist
ing on a division of the purse, he wouM
agree that the winner should take ail.
This satisfied Brady, and irtlcles of
agreement were at once drawn up.
In the match arranged with Ruhlin the
contest will be for twenty-five rounds or
more. If It is held in a State where limited
contests only are permitted. Sealed bids
will be received until February 1 by A!
Smith from clubs desiring'the fight, each
bid to be accompanied by $2500. The con
test will be governed by Queensberrv
rules and the men will be> permitted to
fight with one hand free, each protecting
himself on the breakaway. It 13 agreed
that Charley "White of this city or George
Slier of Chicago shall be the. referee.
thirty days thereafter, provided he does
not Injure his arm, but if t}e> hurts hla
arm Sharkey must wait sixty uays. Fltz
slmmons will be given until April 1 to
decide- whether he wants to meet Jeffries,
and in case he does Jeffries will meet him
first, then Ruhlin. then Sharkey, each
succeeding* match being contingent upon
his victory In the previous one.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHAMPION JEFFRIES MATCHED TO FIGHT
GUS RUHLIN, THE AKRON GIANT, NEXT JUNE
Here are some short-end 'winners that
startled the form players: Royal Anne. 1
to 2, against Controller; Anna Held. 6 to
10, against Silence; McKlnley^ 6 to 10.
against Miss Penman; Silver Winsrs, 2 to
to 5, against Royal Anne; Silver Wings, 1
to 4, against McKlnley.
Sixth Bound.
Bllrer "Win* beat McKinley. 8-8; 1 min. 13
sec.
Random Aim a bye with Lady Davenport.
Deciding Course.
Silver "Wings and Random Aim divided the
purse.
Fifth Round.
McKlnley beat Forget. 1S-8; 1 min 45 sec.
Random Aim won a bye from Rest Assured,
Sle«ty Mist withdrawn, 12-9; 1 min. 23 tec.
Silver Wings beat Royal Anne. 14-9; 2 min IS
see.
Fourth Bound.
McKlnley beat Ml*« Penman. 10-«: 83 see.
Forffet beat Sweet Emma. «-0; 45 sec.
Sleety Mist heat Tommy Rex, 12-«. and then
lost to slant; 3 min.
Random Aim beat Anna Held. 8-0; 1 tain 13
tec.
Royal Anne a bye with Controller.
Royal Anne beat Reglna R. 12-3; 35 sec.
Anna Held a bye.
Third Bound.
Miss Penman beat Johnnie R, 14-0; 1 min. S3
etc.
. McKinley beat Reckless Archer, 3-0; 12 sec.
Forget beat Plough Boy, after a no-coune,
6-2: 1 m!n. id see.
Sweet Emma beat Daisy Dale, 17-9, after a
no-course; 2 min. 23 sec.
Tommy Rex beat Vixen, ?-l: 1 min.
H«-ety Mist beat Minnie Wa Wa, 15-«: 1 min.
42 Me.
Silver YVln*s beat Robert Emmett, 4-0; 12
sec. -*'
1-ady Davenport beat Cora Pearl. 10-4; 53
sec.
Random Aim beat Rest Assured. 8-6; 40 sec.
Royal Anne beat Controller after a BO
course of 17 »econdn. 3-0; 10 «ec.
Anna Held beat Silence. 7-5; 52 aec.
Completion of Second Bound.
over J. H. Rosseter. Silver Wings* ,next
triumph was ere* McKlnley. "Everybody
was toutir.g McKlnley for a landslide. But
gold gave war to silver this time. Silver
Winsrs. favored by the hare, took the lead.
At this the crowd shouted, but McKinley
wan by no means out of the race. Passing
Silver Wings, he began to score and
worked up six points, his portion In M*
last course. Then Silver Wings got Into
the running and McKinley resigned unt'i
the hare escaped. Random Aim was lucky
in the matter <>f byes. In the fifth round
Sleety Mist was withdrawn and this gave
Random Aim a bye with Rest Assured.
In the fifth round Random Aim was given
a natural bye with Lady Davenport. Fol
lowing is the Bummary with scores and
official times:
Resiiilt a Sitarpnse to the Bettors and
Form Experts, at Modesto.
SILVER WINGS BEATS McKINLEY
IN A FIERCE AND FAST COURSE
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Tjl it ODE8TO, Nov. 13.— J. H. Rosset
/AV/\l ers Ra ndom Aim and Erwin &
//W \\ L >' on>s Silver Wings divided the
A V iJLflrst money of the sixth open-
plains meetlrs of the Interstate
Coursing Assooij.tlon. The last course of
a three-dsys' running; was Random Aim
and-Lcdy Davenport a bye. Previous to
this Silver Wings met the redoubtable
Curtis & Sons' McKinley. a 4 to 1 favorite,
and ..to . the surprise of bt-ttors and form
experts the statesman trailed In clouds of
defeat. This course was the sensation of
the entire meet.
The result of it was full of m!sery to
Silver Wings and provocative of coursing
history. A year ago, on the Texan plains,
near Dallas, where the great American
"Waterloo was held, this same fleet and
grame hound worked her way down to the
finals, as did Emin Pasha, J. H. Rosseter's
representative entry. At that time Erwtn
& Lyon refused to force Emin Pasha, who
had just gone. through very severe work,
to try for the stake honors and insisted
upon a division of the purse. Since then
J. H. "Rosseter has been handling the
Texan greyhounds for Erwin & Lyon on
this coast. To-day the opportunity for a
leturn of courtesies occurred. Silver
"Wings, blown and »xhau*ted by the ter
rific course with McKlnley, was in no
shape for the final and deciding event.
The field stewards and Judge Grace, after
a careful examination, reached this con
clusion. They then advised Mr. Rosseter
to withdraw the dog. This ht mignt have
done, but he n.topted a different measure.
He divided the first prize onrl did not put
Silver* Wings, a used-up hound, to the
test. Far ami away the third day of the
meeting on the Modesto plains was the
most successful of all. In the flm place
the weather was decidedly more favorble
for good coursing, the hares more plenti
ful and the courses themselves were not
enveloped in clouds of dust impenetrable
to th3 sisrht of the spectators. No diffi
culty was found in running: clown the card
and there was a snap and precision that
was v.-antingr in the first two days" cours-
Ingr. Five dogs figured prominently in
this, the last day's sport on the plains-
Random Aim. Silver Wings, Sleety Mist,
Mekinley.and Royal Anne.
In the fourth round Sleety Mist met
Tommy Rex. It was all Sleety Mist. For
three minutes they tore over the plains
and then the official timer, glass In hand,
could follow them no longer. The sever
ity of the work ended Sleety Mist for fur
ther participation in the stake. In the
next round she was withdrawn. Royal
Anne, a Pasha Kennels entry, was a
strong performer until Silver Wings was
met. and then Erwin & Lyon triumphed
VARSITIES TWO OF THE STARS AMONG THE GLADIATORS OF THE GRIDIRON
Tim©— 3 *. :12V. %. :S5^4; %. 1:00. Good etart. Won first three driving. Winner, S. C. Hll-
Cr*th's b. c. by imp. Golden Garter-Nonage. Winner supposed not to be ready. He'll be a
Terry McGovern when he 1«. Andrattus talked too loud for Bedeck. Articulate forgot his
piece. Lart two out of plae». - _ y\L~z? "
1339. FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Time— 1-16, :06H; 5-l«, :S1; J-16. :55H: 13-18. 1:21 »4; mile, 1:41: 1 l-16m, 1:47^. Good start.
Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Winrer. Owen Brother?' eh. f., by Royal Flush-
Gold Cup. winner 1* a dainty miss and can get a "hot foot." Tappan was fancied by the
colored folk* of the stable end was there at the husking. Merry Boy weakly ridden. Mon
tanus a eprinter. Penwms has bad "dofes."
1338. THIRD RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling: three-year-olds and up; purse, 1400.
Time— 3-16, :IO: 5-16, :42; 5Hf. 1:07. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. Burns & Walerhouse's ch. m., by Imp. Midlothian-imp. Paloma. Miss Rowena had
to do no back-pedaling. Hogan had about run* pounds too much aboard: - Hungarian inter
fered with. MoDtallade pocketed all down backetretch. Alas no chance. Scratched — Lone
liness S3. - - - -I ¦:¦¦-,
1337. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; celling: all ages; purse, $350.
Time— H. :V2K: V :3»>^: %. 1:01: "*. 1:27H. Fair start. Won ea*lly. Second and third
driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. (?., by Lord Clifden-Tennle B. Morrissey won
by himself. Jingle just as easily. Acrobat turned a preat flip-flap from last to third posi
tion. Socialist outvoted. Coin on Sweet Capcral went up in smoke.
1K36. FIRST RACE— Seven furlong; three-> eLx-olde and up; purse, %VA.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
i
OAKLAND RACETRACK. THURSDAT. November 15.— Weather fine. Track last.
The greatest stand ever mad© for civili
zation was th* Inkstand.
IRVINE, Ky., Nov. 15.— After three
trials the judges in the National Fox
Hunters' annual chase here were unable
to decide the winners of the three prizes
in the derby. To-night they declared the
event off. recommending that the follow
ing hounds be highly commended: Roger
"Williams' Madrigal. Hall's Black Jack.
Parks' Frank, Hapan's "White Foot.
Woodbridee's Ida. Grady's Fashion, Hie
los' Fan. Pofflnger's Bandit. Woodwalk
er's Cook, Willis' Baker, Norrls 1 Hunt
ress. Jordan's Tossle. Roninaker'e
Bloomer and Harris* Elskett.
Many dogs and several hunters came In
to-night. In the all-aged stake# to-mor
row many of the most noted hounds are
entered for the start before daybreak.
Field Derby Declared Off.
Talent Witnessed Good S;?ort at the
Closing Day of the Jockey,®
Club Races.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— Threie favorites,
one second choice and two outsiders was
the record for the closing day of the
Queens County Jockey Club's fall meet
ing at Aqueduct. The track was fast.
Results:
About seven furlongs— HnltiilopochtH won.
Buffoou second. Spurs third. Tirae> 1:26 2-6.
Five and a half furlong»— Isla won. Moor
second. Sweet Tooth third. Time. l:0S 2-S.
One ir.lle and seventy jnard»--Bettie Gray
won. Exeelsis second. Lance"wood third. Time,
1:47 3-5.
One mile and seventy yards— Withers **jn»
Greyfield second. Alsike third. Time, 1:4€L
Six furlongs, selling— Pigeon Poet won. Kid
recond. Lone Fisherman third. Time. 1:14 4-5.
One mile and seventy yards — Hurnboldt
won. Princeton Girl second, Estalada third.
Time, 1:47 4-5.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 15^-Weathetr at
Newport clear; track fast. Results:
One and fifty yards. selling — Second
Hand won, Sadie Burnham second, Charlie
Share third. Time. 1:46\.
Five furlcngrs— Mosquito von. The Black
Jew jiecond. Fairy Prince third. Time. l:02H-
One and a quarter miles, selling — flag of
Truce won, Colbert second. Governor Boyd
third. Time. 2:08.
One mile— Rcyal Victor won, Cambrian sec
ond, Ieobel third. Time, l:«tt.
Seven furloncs — Joe Battle won, "Valdee eec
ond. Porter B third. Time. 1:29H-
Six furlongs, selling' — Flop won, Nancy Till
second. Fulminate third. Time, 1:14\.
THKEE FAVORITES "W t IN
AT AQUEDUCT TBACK
JOSEPH 8. HILL, CRACK END OF BERKELEY'S FOOTBALL TEAM,
WHOSE DEPARTURE FOR THE PHILIPPINES WITH A GOVERN
MENT SURVEYING PARTY TO-DAY IS DEEPLY REGRETTED.
Hill; the Bliuie and Gold Emd 9 Qolog to PMJappiiiines, amd
Raitt 9 Cardinal. Quarterback, Called Home.
ps-r|-^HE last hope that the University
I of California student body had of
I retaining Joseph S. Hill on the var-
JLL sity eleven until after the annual
game against Stanford on Thanks
giving day was dissipated yesterday when
It was announced that the clever football
player "would sail on the transport Sher
idan tq^day. For the past month strong
influence was brought to bear on the par
ents of the young man to allow him to
don his footba'.l armor and once more do
battle for his college. When victory was
about to crown their efforts Hill and two
other California students were appointed
to join a survey party going to the Philip
pine. Islands for the United States Gov
ernment. Despite this the enthusiasts
continued their self-appointed task in the
hope that Hill might delay his passage to
the islands until after the Thanksgiving
day game. This was made impossible, as
Hill received peremptory orders from his
superiors to take passage on the Sheridan,
While the university will lose an expe
rienced end in Hill, the blue and gold men
are congratulating themselves that they
have a good substitute in Hudson. The
latter has been doing excellent work at
left end and bids fair to develop Into a
worthy side partner to "Wreck" Womble,
who is looked upon as being the cleverest
end ever seen on this coast.
Hill comes from Dixon. In his freshman
year he played on the "baby" team and
won the good will of his college mates by
his brilliant tackling and running down on
kicks. Garry Cochran took Hill in hand
and taught him many new tricks and last
year he and Womble surprised the cardi
nal players and the Carlisle Indians by
their splendid work. Hill, was anxious to
play again this season, but his parents
entered serious objection. His father, who
is a sport-loving rancher of Dixon, was
won over, but his mother, backed up by
his grandfather, ex-State Senator Mc-
Cune. were opposed. Mrs. Hill was proud
of her boy and was on the point of re
lenting, but the grandfather was obdu
rate. Committees from the university stu
dent body visited Dixon and tried to sway
him. but Senatcr McCune could not be
made to surrender. He had watched Hill's
course through college and wanted to see
the young fellow rise in the world. He
feared that his protege might be pre
vented from doing so by injuries received
on the football field.
Alexander Colt and Henry O. Plxley,
fellow students, accompany Hill to the
Philippines. The three were selected at
the recommendation of Professors^A- O.
Leuschner and Frank Soule. They will as
sist George Putnam and F. W. Edmonds,
engineers of the United States Coast and
Geodetic Survey. The three appointees
are members of the junior class in the
Engineering College. Their appointment
is for a year, with the option of continu
ing the work. They will each receive ?45
a month and found.
There is also gloom at Palo Alto. The
student body Is bewailing the probable
loss of Charles B. Raitt, its crack quarter
back. Raitt was suddenly summoned to
the bedside of his father, who is seriously
ill at his home in San Bernardino. Raitt's
absence from the big annual game would
be even a greater loss to the cardinal
than Hill's absence will be to California.
Raitt has been playing fine ball all season
and had the quarterback position
"cinched." He ran his team with the
skill of a "Daly" and knew his signals
.nd the possibilities of his men as no one
>n the field, unless it was Coach Yost.
The Stanford students hope that the
father of Raitt will quickly recover, so
the sturdy quarterback may rejoin hl3
comrades at the training table. In the
event Railt cannot return the important
duties of quarterback will devolve on
"Billy" Erb. The latter has been doing
great work at half. He is perfectly fa
miliar with the position and passes the
ball with accuracy.
Lean Will Not Train California.
The football eleven of the University of
California will not have the watchful care
of Trainer Al Loan thi« season before the
all-important championship game on
Thanksgiving day. Through the efforts of
the Alumni Association Lean was engaged
to condition the men, as 'he had done for
four years past. All seemed well until
Lean had a conference with Reno Hutch
inson, manager of the football team.
They differed at once on some questions
as to the methods to be employed in the
conditioning of the team.
Lean, with his wide practical knowledge
of the needs of the men, would not ac
cept the views of Hutchlnson and an
nounced he would not be identified in any
manner with the handling of the Berke
leyans. This is considered a distinct loss
to the team, as men handled by Lean are
usually able to withstand the hardest of
knocks without sustaining severe injuries.
Track Notes.
,
,
In future a.t Oakland there will b«
an employe of the association at the
post to see that the riders of horses take
their places at the post according to the
numbers drawn on the official programme.
Any infraction of the rule provided wMl
eam a penalty for the offending rider.
Following are to-day's entries:
Fir« i ace—Six furlongs: three-year-olde and
«;p: eellir.B.
f-T9 Glissando 104 < 130* Mainstay Hi
U3« The Scot V* ' 12T1 Grey Bob JM
1254 Jack McCa.be... 1TC l^ Racetto 104
570 First Call 112 ]>« gt. Anthony ..101
349 Orpheus 104 1310 Credo 10S
1172 Gold Baron ...109 1231 Delia Connors.. 109
Second race—Seven furlong*; all ages; eell
lr«.
107S Monda 117 1334 Trrmart 112
1??1 Wyoming 117 U07 Fannie E 112
1305 Lavator 112
Third race —Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling.
:S37 I Don't Know.. 109 1350 Osmond 109
11^3 Nora Ivee 103 ~Z2 Amelia Fonso..K'9
1J06 Mountain Dew.109 1226 Free Pass 104
QTTTE the most peculiar Incident?
In connection with the racing at
Oakland yesterday, aside from
the victory of nve straight favor
ites, was the unexpected Ions
price laid against Saum Hlldreth's Gold«.-n
Age in the dash for two-year-olds. The
son of Golden Garter was a powpr in the
far East, ihe pcalp o«* Garry Hermann
and other' fast ones donRlingr at his bei'.
But it is paid the stable did not think him
ready. In consequence Bedeck came m
for liberal backing, and a world of 9 to 10
was obtainable about Hildreth'f- entry at
post time. Strang-e things happ<?n in rac
ing. Off in the lead and sprinting on
nearly equal terms. Dominick. astride
Andrattus. and "Monk" Coburn. piloting
Bedeck, left a yawning abyss for Buliman
to paf=f= between on entering the stretch.
Buliman failed to bite at the baits; but.
going around the pair, stepped over the
line a length and a r.alf ahead of tne
others, in 1:60 flat. Andrattus. carrying
only 103 pounds and displaying splondia
speed, downed Bedeck a neck for place
honors. When Golden Ag-e is ready lie
should be hard to beat-
None of the climatic conditions favored
the inhabitants of the ring, for the book
ies bumped against a "bloomer" at the
very commencement of things. Pat Mor
rlssey a 9 to 20 choice, won as he fancied,
and Jingle Jingle, with bells on. Jogged
Jrto second place, just as »ne bettors had
figured.
Miss RoTrena. the consistent and game
mare from the Bums & Waterhouse
stable, though asked lo carry 117 pounds
in the five aiid a half furlong dash, ruled
a € to 5 choice over her field. She strolled
away in the lead, ana her backers never
felt "worried. Almoner finished well, lead
ir.£ out Matt Hogan for the place.
Then dainty Flush of Gold led her com
pany a stern chase in the mile and a six
teenth run. A 9 to 10 favorite. Lhe
daughter of Royal Flush ran under re
straints nearly the entire route. Tappan.
coming from the far lear, secured second
place from Expedient by a neck.
Little Dominick made Ja^3c Martin look
like an overdone ham-and-egsr sandwich
when it came to a finish in the mile and
a sixteenth selling affair. Jack, on Sir
Kingston, had been in front from flajgfal'..
and it took hard riding on the part of
Dominiek. with the leg up on Goldone, the
favorite, to catch him. Once on equal
terms Dominick outgeneraled and out
finished Martin, getting the decision by a
nose.
With five favorites In. the two-yfar-oiJ
Seide was plunged on to capture the con
eiuding mile event. AMor killed him off
at the end of six furlongs, when Cominj
Event went to the front. At the wire the
latter horse won liands do'wn. ¦with
"""halfback beating the favorite for place
honors.
By F. E. MULHOLLAND
Fnnsovannah ..ICW 12J9 Md. J*essuson..l03
1313 Th^ Buffoon .-104 .... Ordnung 109
.... Maccabee 1<M 1330 Gold Tinder ...104
Fourth race— Seven furlongs* all. ages; Fly
ing: handicap.
• lSSDItiderot 38 12S2 VulcFflJi Ill
\r-i- ,M..<lrtn? 1^5 1323 r>un* Is ne 103
**«fth race— Futurity course; ttoo-year-oMs;
celling.
. jdder IO> ' 12*4 Bavawia 10?
i ji \~t Verio i '. 1200 GalanKhus 102
H2SS)David S 102 .... Dange rfield ....109
13CS Nellie Forest... S7 %*£. *m.U*' im
1295 I/onelines» 871 12&5 Screea . Lake. ..103
.... Quibo M>6: 1179 Berncrta 100
Sixth race — One and a.n eighth miles; three
year-olds and uz>: selling; hat;dlcab.
133$ Tom Calvert.... SO \7T. Dare. II S2
1324 r 0 l. Root 1<V) 1327 Rio Chlco 9S
1227 Essence 48 131S Dr. Marks 8s
1327 Torsida 109
Possible Winaiens.
F;r?t rare— First Call. Grey , Bc%>, Glissando.
Second race— Wyoming. Toptnaat. JUmda.
Third race— Free Pass, Maud'. l»«;rguson. Mac
cabee.
Fourth race— Modrine, Vulcaifri. Dunblane.
Fifth race— Bavassa. Bernota,. !*eille Forest.
Sixth race— Essence, Torsida. TUo Chico.
Hildreth's Colt Hard Radden to Beat
the .California!!.
ANDRATTUS GIYES GOLDEN AGE
AND BEDECK A STIFF ARGUMENT
BERKELEY AND STANFORD EACH MOURNS THE LOSS
OF ONE OF ITS VARSITY FOOTBALL TEAM STARS
Time— 1-16. :07; 6-16. :S1; 9-16. :55«i; 13-16. 1:21*4; m. 1:«1H; 1 l-16m. 1:4714. Good start. Won
I first three driving. Winner. J. Coffey'f b. c by GolfiHneh-Abilone. Dominick fave Martin
the laugh. With a better rider op Castake would have had a vote. Hindoo Princess had
work«4 awful fast by moonlight with only /l shirt waist on. Mitten will do when the snow
134O. FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling ; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Time— \. :2«K; %. :4»U: %. 1:W4: rails. 1:41«4. Fair, start. -Won easily. Second and third
driving;. Winner. C. Earl & Co:'eJ>. f. by Imp. Calvados-Katrlnka. Actor 'was in to kill
gelde and <5W it. It wm then soft for Event, a vaitly improved filly. Whalebaclc fell from
Mars, timellcht blew out when the draught came. Silver Garter slipped down. Lost Qlrl
put redemption* . Attor I* * *Mt «»• *nd will. do. Scratched— Meadow Lark 107.
1341. SIXTH RACE— One mile; wiling; all ages; purse. $400.
ANNAPOLIS, Md. , Nov. 15.-Naval
Cadet W. P. Reed of Arizona,", third class,
was dismissed from the Naval Academy
to-day for '.'gouging."
IHsmissed for
WASHINGTON. Nov.' 15.— The State De
partment has been informed that : R. * A:
Moseley Jr., Consul General, of the United
States at Singapore, died yesterday at Yo
kohama, Japan.. He was granted leave of
absence by ;tbe department .some;, weeks
Consul General Moseley.
SEATTLE, Nov. 15.— In the field trials
of the Pacific Northwest Club, now being
held near Coupeville, on Whidby Islanu,
awards have so far been made as follows:
Derby stakes— Teldemann's Northern
Huntress (Joe Cummlngs-Mecca II) was
awarded the first place. Dr. CvE. Wat
son's Clipper W (Marie Sport-Isabelle
Maid) took second place and third was ac
corded-to J. A. Terry's, Lady (Count
Gladstone IV-Peach Mark).; f ;-:fs
All-age stake— Sports Destint, owned by
A. H. Nelson. ¦ • M ¦¦¦
Membership stake— Coxey, owned, by
John Considine. _
Field Trials In Washington.
Their Instructions are to secure co-oper
ation in the islands themselves. If pos
sible, so as to lessen the expense of car
rying out the plans. The National Asso
ciation of Colored Women was recognized,
and itt^reBident. Mrs. Mary Church Ter
rel of Washington. r>. C, welcomed as a
member of the council. The National As
sociation of Nurses was also admitted.
The financial report on the publication of
the triennial report and on the interna
tional council was audited. Mrs. J. Ellen
Foster of Iowa was commissioned to ar
range for the Incorporation of the national
The plan of Rev. Anna Garlin Spencer,
Mrs. May Wright Sewell Of Indianapolis
and Mrs. Mary Lord Carr of Denver for
systematizing and co-ordinating the coun
cil's work was finally adopted.
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 15.— The National
Council of Women to-day decided to in
vestigate the conditions of social and do
mestic life In the new island possessions
of the United States, and if its commis
sioners deem it wise and so recommend,
to establish permanent commissions in the
islands. The following Investigating com
missioners were appointed: Hawaii, Mrs.
M. R. M. Wallace; Cuba and Porto Rico,
Mrs. S. W. Fiske, Minneapolis; Philip
pine Islands. Mrs. Emellne B. Wells, Utah.
National Council of Women
to s Make Investigation
of Conditions.
DOMESTIC LIFE
IN PHILIPPINES
LOUISVILLE, Nov. 15.— Tha annual
meeting of the Western section of 'the
executive committee of the Pan-American
Alliance began here to-day with thirty
five members present. ; Dr. R. P. Kerr of
Richmond/ Va., called the meeting to
order. The morning session was taken
up by thereadlng of reports.
Reports Are Head.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— The Newark. N.
J., Presbytery has taken up the four
questions of the General Assembly on re-
Vision of the confession of faith. The first,
second and fourth* questions were an
swered in the negative. In : reply to the
third inquiry the presbytery expresses a
preference , for ¦ a short creed stating the
essentials of the church's faith, which
may be used as an alternative for Its
present standards by those presbyteries
desiring to do so. " '.'¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ .:¦¦,
Prefer a Short Creed.
In the afternoon the whole session was
spent in receiving and acting upon - the
reports of the committees on appropria
tions for mission fields.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.-In the morning
session of the general missionary com
mittee of- the Methodist Episcopal church
the condition of the proposed reduction of
$25,000 in the money for the foreign mis
sionary field was taken up. It was de
cided to make the reduction so as to dis
tribute it over the entire appropriation
for home and foreign fields, which is
about $1,200,000. Of this latter amount the
foreign, field gets fifty-seven per cent, or
about $614,600; tire f balance, or about
$463,658, goes to the home field.
There are 1 " five districts in .the foreign
field, namely, Europe, South America and
Mexico, Southern Asia, Eastern Asia and
Africa. The committee appointed com
mittees of five 10 take up each district
and the question I of the apportionment
of the allowance for such territory.
During the discussion Bishop Cranston,
who recently returned from Manila, spoke
on the proposition of including the Philip
pine archipelago In the Eastern Asia dis
trict.
General Committee Votes to
Cut Off About
FOREIGN MISSION
FUND REDUCED
CHICAGO. Nov. 15.— James J. Corbett
to-night signed articles of agreement for
a bout with James J. • Jeffries, to be pulled
off In the arena of the Tattersall Athletic
Club on or about January- 15. ~ Manager
Houseman, on behalf of theidub, also
signed the articles, and they were at once
mailed to W. A. Brady, manager for Jef
fries. Who was notified by, wire they were
on the way to him. Corbett deposited a
forfeit of $1000 to bind him to the agree
ment.- -...• ••;•.¦. , ".' *rv- ¦ ;*•¦'.¦¦ •-•.-¦;--.-. ' •
Corbett Signs Articles.
8TOCKTON, Nov. : 16.— A light rain
which . commenced falling at midnight
soon developed into a -heavy downpour,
and the Indications are for a continuance.
There are no crops exposed to the ele
ments in this county at this season that
will be injured by the rain, but on the
other hand the rain willbe a help to the
grain growers. ;
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 16.— Rain , com
menced, falling shortly after midnight.
A rood wetting, is greatly desired by the
farmers. -
Are Getting a Good Rain-
San Joaquin and Sacramento Counties
HEAVY DOWNPOUR
WILL BENEFIT CHOPS
Killed— November 10. Bubig, Lueon,
Company L, Twenty-fifth Infantry, James
McCormic.
. Wounded— November 10, Subig. Luzon,
E. A. Price, Company L. Twenty-fifth In
fantry, shoulder, serious; James 8. Cox,
Company L, Twenty-fifth Infantry, shoul
der, slight; Walker r>. Reason, Company
L, Twenty-fifth Infantry, foot, slight;
Henry Warfteld, Company L, Twenty-filth
Infantry, shoulder, serious; October 26,
CarniHg, Luzon, Troop G. Ninth Cavalry.
Job McKenzie back, serious; October 25,
Cocusco, Luzon. Company H, Thirty-third
Infantry, Henry S. Johnson, thigh, se
rious; November 2, Bangued, Luzon. Com
pany A, Thirty-third Infantry, A. M. An
drews, eye, Blight; Captain Charles van
Way, chest, serious; Corporal William
Miller, Company A, leg. above knee,
slight: John B. Clark, Company A, neck,
slight; Peter Scomers, Company A. thigh,
serious; William Nickel, Company A,
scalp, slight. MacARTHUR.
Captain Charles TV. Van Way was a
captain in the Twenty-first Kansas Vol
unteer Infantry, May 4. 1898. to December
10. 1S98. and subsequently appointed from
the State of Kansasa captain in the Thir
ty-eighth United States Infantry, July 5,
1809. -.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— The War De
partment to-day received the following
casualty list from Manila:
List of Soldiers Who Were Killed or
Wounded in the Philippine
Islands.
MACABTHTJB SENDS A
NEW CASUALTY LIST
ago upon representations that his health
demanded a change of climate. Mr. Mose
ley was appointed to his post January 7,
1S99, from Alabama.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1900.
the victor, nearly went into convulsions
from laughter. "Doctor" Flynn attended
him.
Charles Priest proved too husky for
plucky Jack Green. Priest had a football
crop of hair which he would shake in
Green's face and this feint misled the lat
ter. Green's "lamps" were extinguished
and his seconds threw up a dirty towel in
acknowledgement of defeat.
"Tammy' 1 McEvoy, the "Tar Flat Ter
ror," was pitted against Charles Ryan.
The bout was full of action, Ryan hav
ing a shade the better of it. "Yammjr's"
friends were in the majority and their
cries for a draw swayed the Judge's
mind In that direction. The event of the
night was between Billy Kelly and Oscar
Wilson. It was declared a draw after
four rounds of fierce fighting.
fall.
4
Index (Horse and Weight. jPst St.
_%.
%-
Str.'
_. 1
Fin.
Jockeys.
[, Betting 1^
Op. HI. CL PI.
.... (Golden Ase •••
(1308) Undrattus
1814 lB«deck
IS22 Articulate
«2S>) \A.rgat
IZS> lEl Sonoro
....118 1
....103 «
....110 S
....106 1
108 2
96| 4
2
I
1
6
4
3 1
1 n
22
4 1
B 1
6
SI
22
1 n
4 6
5 S
6
¦ » H 1 1% Bullman ... ! 1
In 2 n Domlnlck .. B
2 1V4 2 2 Coburn 3-2
4 5 4 12 J. Walsh.... 6
B 6 54 J. Woods.... u
6 « J. Daly \ 15
1
8
6-2
20
60
60
4-5
8
2
20
60
60
1-3
8-2
8-20
4
15
12
" ! IPo.l . I i Betting ,
In4«x'Hor«*, Ag». WrtKht-lPetiSt. M,. %. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1S2» 'Flurh of Gold. 3. .I'M 9 7 IS 12 11 11 f J. Wools.:.. 8-B 6-5 9-10 2-5
1M1 'Tappan 6 107 2$ £5 88 61 2n Kiley li 25 20 ; •;; 7
I*2t !Expe<5i«5t. S 9K 7S 4tl 4H*1 3< J- DalT 6 13-2 13-2 2
ir-28 IM«t>- Boy. 6 104 «« *h In 2 n - 4 lMt Stuart 6 8 8 S
1?7» ! Alicia, a-...'- 101 8( 61 S<t 6 2 64 Mounce 10 10 10. 4
<1?25) iMont&nuf. 4 110 44 22 Si Sn 66 Cobum 6 7 7 6-2
121J iTom Calvert. 5....101 6 8 73 71 S10 76 Ransch IS 30 30 10
-.si* P'rfjf, a 109 11 «1 f H " t 8 15 Bullman .... 6 12 12 4
1301 IGilberto. 4 IPS i » 9 9 9 9 jW&lls 100 V>0 200 50
I ¦ IPo.l
Index | Horse. Age. WeUftLJPtjSt.
3*11 iMiss Rorre-na. 4.. 117! 5 2
332$ iAlnionw. 4 112! 4 ! I
1328 Matt Ho*ran. S....1OS 9 ! 5
12*5 iMerida, 2 H>! 3 ! 8
122S Hungarian. 4 112! 1 t 3
1311 '.Montailsde. a 112 2 4
1312 I Don't Know. *..1U 7 7
ISO* ;in\1ctue. i 92 8 »
1211 iAla*. 3 10S « 6
. , Betting ,
H. !4. Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1 Vt Ta Ti i \Vi \rm\z c-5 6-s e-s 13-10
41 4132 2n Mounce 15 15 15 6
81 21 !H as Tull^tt 6 15 15 «
2 1 3 2 4 1 4.3 J.Martin.... 15 . 12 12 4
9 6h BH 82 Coburn 3 7-2 7-3 1
S3 ih €1 «2 Bullman .... 6 7 7 8-3
6h 51 72 72 DinRley CO «0 60* 30
Eh S2 8 85 J. Walsh 12 100 100 40
7 1 9 9 » J. Woods.... 6 12^ 12 4
Index Horse. Ape, Weight. [Pst St.
13*5 'Pat Morrisf-ey. «..li»'| 5 2
13"7 'Jlr.rle Jingle. 4.. .103! 4 I 6
1128 'Acrobat. 5 If* 2 2
171» ifky-JallFt. 5 109 1 5
ir.2S lAnita B. 3 in? 7 7
1-80 !Melkarth. 5 109 3 4
ir20 :Pw>^tCapcral. 4..lO»j 6 I 1
1 H 12 14
4 h 4 2 2 1
7 7 • 6 n
5 H 5 h « 1
2 1 3 2 4 2
6 8 6 4 7
8 2^ 22 81
Fin.
1 4
22
3 4
4 1
e 2
66
, Bettlnr ,
Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PL
Bullman ... 1-2 1-2 3-6 —
Coburn 6-2 6 6 4-5
J ¦\Yood».... 10 IS 13 b-t
F. Kelly 15 SO 20 6
Vtckery .... »O »<0 300 100
Mounce 10 M 30 6
J. Atartln.... 10 30 SO 6
, Bettlnr ,
Op. HI. CL PL
Jockeys.
— r~~ i p °i
Index S Horse. Age. W«lsht-IP«t'St.
1311 Ooldone, 3 96J 5 j t
m» Sir Kingston. 3.. 81' 11
1811 Lena.. 6 101 4 S
1804 Cai<t*ke. S 99 3 4
Hi! Hln. Princess. 8.. S7 2 J
121» Mlttgn. 1 8»l « 6
4 1
1 n .
«
3h
2 2
3 1
. 1 n
S 1
4 1
2 1
6
, 8tr. . Fin. Jockey. Op.
2 1 In* Dominick .. 2
In 2 H J. Martin... 3
4 n 3 1 Mounce .... 5-2
3 2 4 10 Stuart 6-1
5 H 6 2 3. Daly 15
6 < Ransch 6
I. Betting ..
Op. HL Cl. PL
•Bettl
HL
2
5
5
91
20
ia
Ing —
CL
3-3
5
5
7-2
15
12--
pl'
3-5
8-5
8-5
7-5
5-2
4
I Po.
Index JHorse, A««, Weight. Pet St. %. »i. Btr. Fin. Jockeys.
ntl») 'Comlnj? Event. S..1O4 42 6t 3 2 11 IS (Mounce ....
1811 Whaleback, « ....107 2 1. 8 2 >J- 4J Ins Fallehy
mat) Eei<5e. 2 88 14 21 21 2h 3n Ransch
«lt Umrtlght. 8 107 7 6 5 2 6n 5 1 4 1 KHey
VOt tKlngstelle. 2 85 8J 4h 61 61 66 J. Martin...
TT. Silvlr G^ter. 3..107 6 8 Jl 4J72 «H J.Daly.
ltlt iLoet GlrU « 107 » > 7h 7n 82 71 Coburn .....
. lAstor. S. 107 2 7.. 14 1 1 . 3 h . «8 1 Dominick ..
112« ! Proclamation. 3.. 104 6 11 10 1 10 n » II J.-Woodn....
1224 IT«-Inkle TWk. «.1O7 10 10 11 11 10 8 10 6 Stuart ......
lVa lLog Medanoe. 4...110 11 5 9 4 8 1 .11 11 McElh'non .
?i.
Etr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
. Betting -
Op. HI. Cl.
PI.
4
10
1
8
15
8
13
10
10
25
15
.-5
20
7-5
IS
25
30
'20
. 15
« \1
60
,60
'4
20
7-10
15
25
SO
20
12
12
60
60
7-
i
W
(
<
li
i:
i
I
a
Index (Horse and Weight. jPst St.
_%.
%-
Str.'
_. 1
Fin.
Jockeys.
[, Betting 1^
Op. HI. CL PI.
.... (Golden Ase •••
(1308) Undrattus
1814 lB«deck
IS22 Articulate
«2S>) \A.rgat
IZS> lEl Sonoro
....118 1
....103 «
....110 S
....106 1
108 2
96| 4
2
I
1
6
4
3 1
1 n
22
4 1
B 1
6
SI
22
1 n
4 6
5 S
6
¦ » H 1 1% Bullman ... ! 1
In 2 n Domlnlck .. B
2 1V4 2 2 Coburn 3-2
4 5 4 12 J. Walsh.... 6
B 6 54 J. Woods.... u
6 « J. Daly \ 15
1
8
6-2
20
60
60
4-5
8
2
20
60
60
1-3
8-2
8-20
4
15
12
" ! IPo.l . I i Betting ,
In4«x'Hor«*, Ag». WrtKht-lPetiSt. M,. %. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1S2» 'Flurh of Gold. 3. .I'M 9 7 IS 12 11 11 f J. Wools.:.. 8-B 6-5 9-10 2-5
1M1 'Tappan 6 107 2$ £5 88 61 2n Kiley li 25 20 ; •;; 7
I*2t !Expe<5i«5t. S 9K 7S 4tl 4H*1 3< J- DalT 6 13-2 13-2 2
ir-28 IM«t>- Boy. 6 104 «« *h In 2 n - 4 lMt Stuart 6 8 8 S
1?7» ! Alicia, a-...'- 101 8( 61 S<t 6 2 64 Mounce 10 10 10. 4
<1?25) iMont&nuf. 4 110 44 22 Si Sn 66 Cobum 6 7 7 6-2
121J iTom Calvert. 5....101 6 8 73 71 S10 76 Ransch IS 30 30 10
-.si* P'rfjf, a 109 11 «1 f H " t 8 15 Bullman .... 6 12 12 4
1301 IGilberto. 4 IPS i » 9 9 9 9 jW&lls 100 V>0 200 50
I ¦ IPo.l
Index | Horse. Age. WeUftLJPtjSt.
3*11 iMiss Rorre-na. 4.. 117! 5 2
332$ iAlnionw. 4 112! 4 ! I
1328 Matt Ho*ran. S....1OS 9 ! 5
12*5 iMerida, 2 H>! 3 ! 8
122S Hungarian. 4 112! 1 t 3
1311 '.Montailsde. a 112 2 4
1312 I Don't Know. *..1U 7 7
ISO* ;in\1ctue. i 92 8 »
1211 iAla*. 3 10S « 6
. , Betting ,
H. !4. Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1 Vt Ta Ti i \Vi \rm\z c-5 6-s e-s 13-10
41 4132 2n Mounce 15 15 15 6
81 21 !H as Tull^tt 6 15 15 «
2 1 3 2 4 1 4.3 J.Martin.... 15 . 12 12 4
9 6h BH 82 Coburn 3 7-2 7-3 1
S3 ih €1 «2 Bullman .... 6 7 7 8-3
6h 51 72 72 DinRley CO «0 60* 30
Eh S2 8 85 J. Walsh 12 100 100 40
7 1 9 9 » J. Woods.... 6 12^ 12 4
Index Horse. Ape, Weight. [Pst St.
13*5 'Pat Morrisf-ey. «..li»'| 5 2
13"7 'Jlr.rle Jingle. 4.. .103! 4 I 6
1128 'Acrobat. 5 If* 2 2
171» ifky-JallFt. 5 109 1 5
ir.2S lAnita B. 3 in? 7 7
1-80 !Melkarth. 5 109 3 4
ir20 :Pw>^tCapcral. 4..lO»j 6 I 1
1 H 12 14
4 h 4 2 2 1
7 7 • 6 n
5 H 5 h « 1
2 1 3 2 4 2
6 8 6 4 7
8 2^ 22 81
Fin.
1 4
22
3 4
4 1
e 2
66
, Bettlnr ,
Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PL
Bullman ... 1-2 1-2 3-6 —
Coburn 6-2 6 6 4-5
J ¦\Yood».... 10 IS 13 b-t
F. Kelly 15 SO 20 6
Vtckery .... »O »<0 300 100
Mounce 10 M 30 6
J. Atartln.... 10 30 SO 6
, Bettlnr ,
Op. HI. CL PL
Jockeys.
— r~~ i p °i
Index S Horse. Age. W«lsht-IP«t'St.
1311 Ooldone, 3 96J 5 j t
m» Sir Kingston. 3.. 81' 11
1811 Lena.. 6 101 4 S
1804 Cai<t*ke. S 99 3 4
Hi! Hln. Princess. 8.. S7 2 J
121» Mlttgn. 1 8»l « 6
4 1
1 n .
«
3h
2 2
3 1
. 1 n
S 1
4 1
2 1
6
, 8tr. . Fin. Jockey. Op.
2 1 In* Dominick .. 2
In 2 H J. Martin... 3
4 n 3 1 Mounce .... 5-2
3 2 4 10 Stuart 6-1
5 H 6 2 3. Daly 15
6 < Ransch 6
I. Betting ..
Op. HL Cl. PL
•Bettl
HL
2
5
5
91
20
ia
Ing —
CL
3-3
5
5
7-2
15
12--
pl'
3-5
8-5
8-5
7-5
5-2
4
I Po.
Index JHorse, A««, Weight. Pet St. %. »i. Btr. Fin. Jockeys.
ntl») 'Comlnj? Event. S..1O4 42 6t 3 2 11 IS (Mounce ....
1811 Whaleback, « ....107 2 1. 8 2 >J- 4J Ins Fallehy
mat) Eei<5e. 2 88 14 21 21 2h 3n Ransch
«lt Umrtlght. 8 107 7 6 5 2 6n 5 1 4 1 KHey
VOt tKlngstelle. 2 85 8J 4h 61 61 66 J. Martin...
TT. Silvlr G^ter. 3..107 6 8 Jl 4J72 «H J.Daly.
ltlt iLoet GlrU « 107 » > 7h 7n 82 71 Coburn .....
. lAstor. S. 107 2 7.. 14 1 1 . 3 h . «8 1 Dominick ..
112« ! Proclamation. 3.. 104 6 11 10 1 10 n » II J.-Woodn....
1224 IT«-Inkle TWk. «.1O7 10 10 11 11 10 8 10 6 Stuart ......
lVa lLog Medanoe. 4...110 11 5 9 4 8 1 .11 11 McElh'non .
?i.
Etr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
. Betting -
Op. HI. Cl.
PI.
4
10
1
8
15
8
13
10
10
25
15
.-5
20
7-5
IS
25
30
'20
. 15
« \1
60
,60
'4
20
7-10
15
25
SO
20
12
12
60
60
7-
i
W
(
<
li
i:
i
I
a
Chicago's City Council has passed an
ordinance fixing the price of gas in that
city at 75 cents per 1000 feet.
Cork-screws have sunk 'more people
than cork Jackets wfll ever save.,
Men's Underwear j
San Francisco's weather is changeable — it runs to ex-
tremes in a very short space of time. For one to be trou-
bled with a cold or cough is a common occurrence here.; V
If you wear the proper underwear, the changeable
- weather will not affect you.
We charge you nothing for this advice and for the
underwear, only what it is worth.
Camel's Hair — $2 and $3 a suit.
Natural Wool — $2, $3 and $4 a suit.
Cashmere — $2, $3,^4 and $5 a suit.
, • Mercerized Silk— $4, $5 and $6 a suit.
Royal Silk Plush — $3 a suit.
The assortment comprises everything, from the lower
grades to the expensive; you can get any of the usual col-
ors or striped effects; some of the underwear is form-fitting,
others just the plain; but without doubt you can get what-
ever you want.
• Fine Imported Hosiery in handsome colorings, 25c,
50c and 75c a pair.
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
718 Market Street.
w - _ miTO SAIL.
unusual spaces of time.
Hewson denies that he owes the plain
tiff any money and says the. action was
Instituted for the sole purpose \>t extort
ing money from him. On the other hand,
however. Miss Le Roy's attorney says he
has numerous documents written by Hew
son which will be produced In court in an
effort to disprove his assertions. Judge
Belcher will hear the case.
United States Coast .and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco ' Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at th«
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; tho
height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the »arly morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the'
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the day, expert when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coaet Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from tho
depth given by the charts. . The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
patient at St. Mary's . Hospital, was
made defendant in an action filed
yesterday * by Ethel Le Boy, who resides
at 225 Ellis street. Miss Le Roy; seeks to
recover $650 which she alleges she loaned
Hewson from. time to-time when: his re
mittances from home were separated . by
Conrad Hewson, any Englishman, : a
EDITH LE ROY Alil/EQES
HZWSON BORROWED MONEY
" A State Retail Grocers' and Merchants
Association was formed in this city yes
terday after an all day's session, at which
twenty-five delegates were present .from
Sacramento, Oakland, Petaluma, Alame
da, Berkeley and this city. The meeting
was called at the request of the local Re
tall Grocers' Association, and the organ
ization Is the outcome of five years' labor
on the part of Aaron H. Powers of this
city. In recognition of his services, he
was made the only honorary member of
the association-
The aim of the association will be to
better trade conditions, correct existing
evils, effect legislation advantagious to
the small merchants and to foster better
relations among all branches of the gro
cery trade. Any grocer or unattached
merchant is eligible to. membership, and
over 700 names have already been affixed
to the rolls. The association will be af
filated with the National Association and
headquarters will be secured for the pres
ent In the rooms of the local Retail Gro
cers' Association on Battery street.
ToseDh A Stul2, vice president for this
State of the National Association was
ejected president, the other officers being
?s follows: Vice presidents- J. S. Manley
of Fresno. A. A. Jost of Sacramento and
George T. Morris of Alameda; treasurer,
5 F Keefe of San Francisco; secretary.
Howard K. James of San Francisco; di
rectors—Fred J. Rlccoml of San Francls
cn E Kilgore of Sacramento, A. Kahn of
pp'tal'uma F. J Lea and Wilber Walker
of Oakland and Eugene McCoy of San
The° ' local grocers last evening ban
aueted the visiting delegates and also Eu
gene.McCoy. H. A. Schmidt and Martin
Meyer, the delegates sent by the San
Francesco Retail Grocers'. Union to the
Grocers' Congress at Paris. Those gath
ered at table had a Jolly time from
start to finish. Dan F. Keefe was the
toastmaster. Among those who took
part in the festivities as speakers were:
President George Alpers. Eugene McCoy,
Martin Meyer. Joseph Stulz. J. M. Sulli
van Sheriff Lackmann. Attorney James
p Sweeney, A. H. Powers and G. W.
Manley of Fresno'. The committee on ar
rangements consisted of T. H. Corcoran.
J M Sullivan. Dan T. Keefe and J..Solo
mon Fred Griffith, J. Solomon, William
Brackett and Charles Nauman shone in
the musical portion of the entertainment.
State Association Formed to
Correct Some of the
Trade Evils.
RETAIL GROCERS
COME TOGETHER
Company D.- First Regiment League of
the Cross tCadets of Sacred Heart Parish,
will hold its annual military ball this
evening at Native • Sons' Hall; Mason
street. The members of the company
and all military organizations r will ap
pear In full dress -uniforms, and -.the
friends of the cadets will attend In even
ing dress. Company D's annual is rec
ognized as one of the society : events in
League of the Cross Cadet circles, and a
pleasant evening: Is - anticipated.- ;
League of the Cross Ball.
Fruit Packing. Concern Attached.
Attachment papers were , issued In i the
Sheriff's : office yesterday against I the Pa
cific Fruit Packing Company of 802 Stock
ton street. » Attorney S. W. . Carter swore
out the papers on behalf of D. J. Canty,
who claims the sum of $2292 35 for money
due. gitBSESBiiifcBHBSflg
The Delight of Ale Drinkers
Is rood old Evans* Ale and Stout. Sherwood &
Sherwood, S. F., Ix>» An*ele«y Portland, •
There Is But One BT7DWEISEB
And that is the product of the Anheuser-Busch
Brewlmr As«'n. It leads other beers in qual
ity and output— over : half . a billion bottles of
the original havlnc been : consumed ,by a dis
criminating public. E.G. Lyons Co., San
Francisco, Wholesale Dealer.
At the twelfth annual meeting of tho
Woman's Educational and Industrial
Union held Tuesday night at 7 Van Ness
avenue, the following named officers
were elected for the ensuing year: Presi
dent, Mme. Louise A. Sobier, who will act
as corresponding secretary: vice presi
dents, Mrs Paris Kllburn. Mrs: Nellie B
Eyster and Mrs. P. D. Hale; treasurer]
Mrs. H. I. Haber; recording secretary
Miss C. Perkins; associate directors, Mrs
J. E. Deane. Mrs. Dr. Cachot. Mrs. L,'
Glass. Mrs. Joseph Spear and Mrs. W M -
Searby.
Woman's Educational Union.
A call has been issued for the annual
convention of the California Water and
Forestry Association, which will be held
in this city December 13, 14 and 15. ,: Before
that gathering will be brought recom
mendations for legislation of wide Inter
est. Within the last few weeks confer
ences have taken place as to measures
that will be submitted to the Legislature
at its next session. __
"Water and Forestry Convention.
Branch Hydrofraphlc Office, U. B. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
November 15, 1900. 1 "
Tho time, ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant ComTnan>1er..U. S. N.. In charge. -
Time Ball.
Intention Camp Is Now Occupied by
Two Troopers With the Dread .
'.:'¦•«¦¦ Disease.
A second case of smallpox has been
discovered at the Presidio and sent to the
detention camp. C. Schacklett, a private
in Light Battery C, Third Artillery, re
ported at the post hospital several days
ago and was held for observation. Yes
terday the medical officers pronounced his
disease smallpox and he was Immediate
ly Isolated. The patient who was sent
to the detention camp several days ago
Is greatly improved, but as a measure of
precaution he will not be restored to duty
for some time.
The transport Aztec will sail from this
port on November 21. She will carry to
the islands 474 animals and forty pack
ers and teamsters.
The 347 recruits In camp at the Pre
sidlo will leave their quarters this morn
ing at 7 a. m- and march to the transport
dock, where they will embark on the
Sheridan. Extra care will be taken to
guard against desertion, as many of the
recruits show decided symptoms of "cold
feet" as the time for departure ap
proaches.
SECOND SMALLPOX CASE
i APPEARS AT PRESIDIO
the one he had received for hl3 valise.
The trunk belonged to J. W. Whitney and
contained rifles and shotguns valued at
$S0O. The next day he returned to the
baggage-room and asked that the trunk
be shipped to Los Angeles, which was
Whitney appeared shortly after the
trunk had been shipped and demanded his
property. The clever trick was then dis
covered and the railroad detectives were
at once put to work to run down the
youthful crook. Through the efforts of
Railroad Detectives Ahem, Klndelon and
Bowler and Detective Tom Ryan of this
city, Eddo was arrested as he was, leav
ing the train at River Station. Los Ange
les, The trunk was on the same train.
When taken Into custody the boy crook
readily admitted his guilt. He was
brought to this city last night and locked
up in the tanks.
Eddo is also wanted for getting away
with about $100 worth of silverware from
a boy employed by Vandersllce & Co. The
silverware was purchased by C. F. Grif
fin, who lives at Twenty-fourth and Shot
well streets. A boy employed in the store
was given the package to deliver to Grif
fin and as he walked up Sutter street he
was followed by Eddo. In some way the
latter had learned that the package be
longed to Griffln. and walking up to the
boy, he represented that he was Griffln s
brother and offered to receipt for the
silverware. The boy gave him the pack
age and 'that evening Eddo went to Sac
ramento, where he disposed of the prop
erty for $21.
While returning here from Sacrameuto
he "tole a silk unbrella with a gold
handle and a grlo containing a quantity
of children's clothes. Most of tne stolen
property has been recovered.
Harry Eddo, -Seventeen Years Old, Arrested
After a Varied Criminal Career.
YOUNG CROOK WITH REMARKABLE
RECORD LOCKED IN CITY PRISON
Locked up In the tanks at the City
Prison Is a seventeen-year-old boy, who,
according to the police, is one of tho most
daring crooks In the country. Hla name
Is Harry Eddo. Despite his tender years
he has committed at least a score of bold
crimes that would do "credit" to the most
experienced crook.
Eddo's home is In Connecticut. Last
January he ran away to New York, where
he Joined a notorious house-breaker and
assisted him In committing several
burglaries. He went to London and en
listed in the Royal Marines for service in
South Africa, but before the sailing of tho
transport deserted and stowed away on
the Bteamer Manhattan for New York.
After arriving there he committed several
burglaries and with the proceeds came to
th V S isUink a jewelry store on Market
street, near Seventh, he pretended that
he was anxious to buy some diamonds.
While the clerk iwas showing him some
precious stones Eddo managed to see the
name on a watch which had been left for
repairs. The following day he returned,
arid representing that he was the
brother of the owner of the watch, said
that the latter had sent him to get the
U The watch was delivered to him and It
was not until the real owner appeared
that the deception was discovered. Eddo
managed to work at least nine other
Jewelry dealers by similar means.
Last Friday the youthful crook went to
Sacramento. He had a small valise,
which he checked at the Sacramento depot.
While the baggagemaster's attention was
temporarily distracted Eddo stole the
check on a large trunk and substituted
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived, Nov 15-Stmr Trave,
from Bremen.
Sailed Nov 15— Stmr Aupiste Victoria, for
Hamburg, via Plymouth; Etmr La Champagne,
GIBRALTAR-— Arrived Nov. 15— Stmr Colum
bia, for Naples.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 16— Stmr Belgen
land for Phlladelrhla.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Nov 14— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse, from Bremen, for New
York. • ¦'- V
QUEEXSTOWN— Sailed Nov 15— Stmr Ocean
ic, from Liverpool, for New York; stmr Bel
renland, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
DUNNELL HEAD — Fused Nov 15— Stmr
Thursday, November 15.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 12 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 26 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Santa. Rosa, Alexander. 61 hours from
San Ditto.
Stmr Alc&traz. Carlson, S7 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 42 hours from Sal
Pedro.
Stmr Navarro, Peterson, 11 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, SS hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Samoa, Jacobs. 16 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 24 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, 26 hours from Eureka
U S etmr Logan Stlneon, 31 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 20 days.
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey, 4V4 days from Oy»
ter Harbor.
Bark Gatherer, Tounggren. 11 days from Ta
coma.
Schr Newark, Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing. •
Schr Lily. Bottger, 10 days from Umpqua.
Schr Melancthon. Olnen. 12 days from Wll
lapa Harbor.
Schr Antelope, Asplund, 11 days from Co
qullle r.lver.
Schr Amethyit, Zimmerman, 11 days' from
Coqullle River.
Schr J Epplnger, Skipper, E4 hours from
Stewart* Point.
CLEARED.
Thursday, November 15.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro; Goodal',
Perkins & Co.
Nor rtmr Universe. Es»n«, Vladivostok, via
Portland; American Trading Co.
Bark Olympic, Glbbs. Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, November 15.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson, Eureka.
Stmr Newsboy. Lundqulst. Usal.
Stmr Scotia. Walvig, .
Etmr Protreio, Monroe, Tacoma.
Rtmr Sequoia. Winkel. Fort Bragg.
Ptmr Del Norte. Allen. Albion.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. .
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, .
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bra??.
Strr.r Rival, Johnson, .
Br istmr Warfleld, Pattle. Chemainus.
Bark Wallace B Flint. Johnson. Honolulu.
Schr Mary C. Madixn, Bodega.
Schr B«ilah, Anderson. Umpqua River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOfi. >Cov 15. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 14— Stmr Empire, for
San Francieco. ,
EUREKA-Arrived Nov 15. at 7 a m-Stmr
Pomona, hence Nov 14.
Sailed Nov 11— Etmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Nov 15 — Stmr Brunswick, hence No
vember 14.
POUT HADLOCK - Sailed Nov 9-Bcbr
Oceania Vance, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 15— Etmr
BOWENS LAXDIKO — Bulled Nov IS— Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francieco.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed Nov 14-BriK Har
riet G, for Ean Francisco. Nov 15— Schr Lottie
Carson, for San Pedro.
Arrived Nov 15— Schr C T Hill, hence Nov 8.
NF.AH BAT— Passed Nov 15— Ship Hecla,
from Dutch Harbor, for Port Townsend.
BAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr National
City, from .
PORT LUDLOW-Salled Nor 15-Schr Okano
gan. for Honolulu.
Arrived Nov 15 — Schr Compeer, from Pago
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed up Nov 15— Schr
Vega, from Golovin Bay; schr Compeer.
Sailed Nov 15— Br stmr Almond Branch, for
Manila.
SEATTLE — Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Ellhu
Thomsen, from Tacoma.
Balled Not 15— Stmr Ruth, for Skaguay.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK-Sailed Nov 14— Ship I F Chap
man, for Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Sailed Nov 13— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
QITEENSTOWN — Sailed Nov 13-Br ship
Marechal Suchet, for Waterford.
VANCOUVER, B C— Arrived Nov 15. at 7
a m — Br stmr Empress of China, from China
and Jaran.
ST VINCENT— Sailed Oct 23— G«r stmr Sea
ostrin. for San Francisco.
SALINAS CRUZ— Sailed Nov fr-Schr Ameri
cana, for Puget Sound.
NANAIMO— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Mineola.
hence Nov 11.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The commandant of the United States nava'
training station gives notice that a water mail 1
has been laid from the wharf where the Pen
eacola is moored, on the east side of Goot
Island, to the northern coal pier of the South
ern Pacific Company at Oakland. Vessels are
warned against anchoring near this line.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N-. In Charge.
Notice to Mariners.
The Norwegian steamer Universe, which
cleared yesterday for Vladivostok, carried a
reneral cargo valued at $60,196. including thi
following: 3715 Tbe dates. 42S5 cs canned frua.
90 cs honey, 41,200 rbs dried Itult, 270 bxs
raisins, 1I0Q bxs soap, 900 bbls salt beef. 50
crs bicycles, 93 cs arms and ammunition. 2uu
bxs green apples. 3000 lbs lard, 475 pkga gro
ceries and provisions, 6*3 tt>s millstuffs, 4 pkgs
spices, 1.S68.OOO lbs salt. 50 cs scales, 4400 It*
bread, 20 plcgs agricultural Implements, 2iiKi
lbs hops. £3 rolls leather, 3 cs harness, 2 cj
dry roods. 4 cs hardware.
A Cargo for Vladivostok.
British ship Loudon Hill, which cleared
Wednesday for Liverpool, carried 32.13S cs
canned salmon, valued at $12?. oC;.
Hekla. from New York, for Christiansand and
Copenhagen.
GLASGOW— Arrived Nov 1&-Stmr Sardinian.
from X«w York.
LONDON— Sailed Nov 16— Stmr Minneapolis,
for N«w York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Xov 15— Stmr Deutsch
land, from New York, via. Plymouth.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Bpaarn
dam. from Philadelphia.
Sailed Nov 15— Stmr Statendam. for Bou
logne and New York.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
WHILE TRYING TO REACH A BERTH AT BEALE-STREET "WHARF
YESTERDAY THE BRITISH SHIP GLAUCUS STUCK FAST IN THE
MUD. SHE WILL MAKE ANOTHER ATTEMPT TO DOCK TO-DAY.
George McMillan, local traveling freight
agent for the Rio Grand Western, has re-
Blgned his position, to take effect imme
diately. Mr. McMillan has been with tho
Rio Grande since last spring, coming
here from San Diego, where he
•was commercial agent for the Southern
Pacific. Mr. McMillan will return to San
Diego to go Into business for himself, as
the climate here does not agree with him.
Resigns as Frieght Agent.
"W. H. Snedaker, general agent of the
Illinois Central In this city; F. W. Thomp
son, general agent of the Rio Grande
Western Railway, and W. J. Shotwell.
general agent of the Denver and Rio
Grande, returned yesterday from a week's
trip to Los Angeles, where a convention
of railroad men has been going on.
G. W. Luce, assistant general freight
and passenger agent of the Southern Pa
cific at Los Angeles, and W. E. Johnson,
a prominent Washington, D. C, railroad
man, are In the clty._
Back From Los Angeles.
The railroad employes' grievance has
already been stated In The Call, the main
Item having reference to wages paid.
Messrs. Clark and Lee held several con
terences with committees from the Con
ductors', Trainmen's and Switchmen's
unions yesterday and the several griev
ances, if such they may be called, will be
presented In full to Mr. Fillmore to-day.
Manager J. A. Fillmore of the South
ern Pacific returned last evening from
El Paso. Mr. Fillmore said he would
be ready to meet the grievance commit
tee of the Switchmen's Union and Grand
Officers Clark and Lee of the Conductors'
and Trainmen's brotherhoods, respective
ly, this morning. The hearing will be
held in the Wells-Fargo building and Its
purpose is to try to bring about a new
schedule of wages and hours.
Ready to Meet Employes.
CONFERENCE TO BE HELD.
Fillmore Returns From" El Paao
"I may say that the relations between
the two roads are at the present time as
harmonious as those of any two compet
ing railroad companies in the country.
At the same time a break might occur
any day, although the sky at present la
quite clear."
Considerable Interest Is manifested lo
cally In a statement recently made In
New York by President Mellen of the
Northern Pacific Railroad, which was re
ported to be negotiating for the South
ern Pacific's Oregon lines. Mr. Mellen
says there is nothing to the story, and
adds:
"Mr. Hill, president of the Great North
ern, and I have had a conference and we
find that our ideas are much more similar
than we had supposed. We traveled on
the same car over the Northern Pacific
from Seattle to Butte, and from there on
we rode over the Great Northern.
Southern Pacific Property.
Mellen Says His Road Doesn't Want
NOT AFTER OREGON LINES.
"We have simply got to do something to
accommodate our constantly Increasing
patronage and the first step In that di
rection will be taken with the beginning
of next month, ; when an additional
through train between Chicago and this
city will be put on. This will give the
Santa Fe two trains a day into San Fran.
Cisco, also two to Los Angeles and three
as far as to Barstow. This additional
service ought to relieve present conditions
and will no doubt be appreciated by our
patrons."
Mr. Bissell was asked for an opinion as
to the rpobable outcome of the St. Louis
rate case, which comes up for final argu
ment before the Interstate Commerce
Commission In Washington December 10.
"Of course, as we look at it," replied
Mr. Bissell, ''there Is only one verdict— a
verdict in favor of the Santa Fe and
Southern Pacific. The St. Louis business
men In bringing this suit are attacking
existing conditions that cannot very well
be avoided."
The object of the suit Is to force the
overland lines to lessen their carload
rates so that Eastern firms can do a Job
bing business in the small towns of the
coast in competition with San Francisco,
Los Angeles, Portland, Tacoma and Seat
tle. The case is one of the most impor
tant that the commission has had to set
tle, exceeding in importance even the
routing case of the Southern California
Fruit Exchange against the Southern Pa
cific, Santa Fe and other roads.
Mr. Bissell will attend the hearlngin
Washington, as will J. C. Stubbs and Wil
liam F. Herrin of the Southern Pacific.
"Do you know," he said, "that the
month of October was a record breaker
for our company. It Is a fact we handled
more passengers last month than on any
previous month In the history of the com
pany.
William A. Blssell, assistant traffic
manager of the Santa Fe, arrived home
yesterday from New York and other
Eastern cities after being away a lit
tle over a month. He declared that busi
ness conditions are most favorable
throughout the East and he was especial
ly enthusiastic over the increased traffic
on all the Santa Fe lines.
Assistant Manager Biesell Says Oc
tober Was the Biggest Traffic
Month in the History o£
His BoacL
Santa Fe Passenger Service
to Chicago Will Be
Improved.
TO ADD ANOTHER
THROUGH TRAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1900.
An Additional Manifest.
Ir. addition to carpo previously reported the
Shipping Merchants.
The reported charter of th« British ehip C*x
tcaman was an error, the vessel Is free.
blatters of Interest to Mariners and
2JTTWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Sheridan sails for the Philippines
to-day. She will carry a number of
Christmas boxes, but the Meade will th*
"the" Christmas boat. The Meade sails
December 1 and will reach Manila about
December 22 or 23.
The Walia Walla is to be laid up for re
pairs end the Senator will take her place
on the Pupet Sound run.
Henry C. Tabrett. marine superintend
ent of the Risdon Iron "Works. Is home
again. While East he contracted for a
considerable quantity of machinery for
the n£:tv dockyard and also made himself
CLCQuaintc-d with the Government officials
In charge of the Navy Department In
Washington. He n.t-t A. D. Uttle of the
Alameda. who went East to take charge
cf the engine room of the Sonoma at Phil
adelphia, and it was a jovous reunion.
The Vaileio steamer broke
down when "oft" Angel Island on her 3:15 p.
m. trip yesterday. The connecting rod
was bent ar.d it was with difficulty the
steamer got back to her berth. The pas
eecgers were sent to the navy yard and
Vallejo by rail. The vessel will be ready
for service again to-day.
Water Front NotM.
The Glaucus Is the vessel that was In
trouble at BoIInas. She got close Inshore
during the fog; and tugs were sent racing
to her assistance. When the tide turned
end the land breeze came she got off with
out assistance and afterward made port
In tow of the Sea Queen.
Objections to the extension of the piars
along the water front by 200 feet each
were in order at the meeting of the Board
of Harbor Commissioners yesterday, but
r.ot a tingle objection materialized. In
stead there were letters trom all the mer
cantile associations recommencing the im
provement in no uncertain terms.
When tne meeting was called to order
by Colonel Mansneid. there were present
Lieutenant Colonel Heuer, Major Davis.
Harbor Commissioners Kllburn. Harney
aad Herold, Chief Engineer Holmes. Sec
retary English and a delegation from the
Chiimber of Commerce composed of
Messrs. Marston, Chapman. Ker.tneld and
Bcott. Alter waiting for half an hour for
?ossible objectors tne meeting adjourned,
t Is now understood that tfte engineers
of the United States Government will
recommend the extension of the wharves,
and as soon as Uncle Sam gives his per
mission the work ot acLUng 2» feet to the
length of every pier along the front will
begin.
tho mud and although the tugs
Monarch and Rescue worked on her for
boom they c&uld not get her within ten
feet of the wharf. She will block Beale
tnd Main street wharves until this raorn
j.-.jr. when another attempt to get her
alor-eside the bunkers will be made at
l.ish water.
THE British ship Glaucua was
apaln Jn trouble yesterday. While
attempting to dock at Beale
strc«t wharf she went asround In
The Mishap Causes Some Delay, but the Vessel Will Be
Berthed at High Water This Morning..
BRITISH SHIP GLAUCUS RUNS INTO
THE MUD WHILE TRYING TO DOCK
5
Steamer, Destination— Sails. Pier.
Corona, for Newport Nov. IS, 9 am Pier 11
Senator, for Victoria...... Nov. 17, 11 am Pier 9
Coronado, for Grays Har. Nov. 17, 5 pm Pier 2
Mandalay, for Coquille R. Nov. 17, 10 am Pier 8
Rainier, for Seattle Nov. 17, 5 pm Pier 13
Pt. Arena, for Pt. Arena." Nov. 17, 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka, for Humboldt.... Nov. 17, 9 am Pier 2
Samoa, for Humboldt Nov. 18. 10 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa, for S. Diego. Nov. IS, 11 am Pier 11
Pomona, for Humboldt;. Nov. 19, 2 pm Pier 9
Newport, for New York.. Nov. 19, 12 m PMSS
Geo. Elder, for Portland.. Nov. 19, 11 am Pier 24
China, for China & Japan Nov. 20, 1 pm PMSS
Bontta, for Newport...... Nov. 20, 9 am Pier 11
Arcata, for Coos Bay.... Nov. 20, 4 pm Pier 13
Albion, for Honolulu Nov. 20, 2 pm Pier 2
Alliance, for Portland — Nov. 21, 9 am Pier 20
Mariposa, for Australia.. Nov. 21, 9 am Pier 7
G. Dollar, for Grays Har. Nov. 21, 5 pm Pier t
Queen, for San Dlepo Nov. 21, 11 am Pier 11
Umatllla, for Victoria Nov. 22. 11 am Pier 9
North Fork, for Humboldt Nov. 22, 2 pm Pier 2
Czarina, for Seattle Nov. 22, 9 am Pier a
Steamer From— I Due.
I Due.
Mariposa. from Australia Nov. 16
George \V. Elder, from Portland Nov. IS
Titanla, from Nanaimo Nov. 16
Coos Bay. from Newport Nov. 17
Empire, from Coos Bay Nov. 17
Pomona, from Eureka Nov. 17
Robert Dollar, from Seattle Nov. IS
Umatllla, from Victoria Nov. 18
Grace Dollar, from Grays Harbor Nov. IS
Queen, from San Diego Nov. 18
Santa Barbara, from Humboldt Nov. 18
San Juan, from New York Nov. 1*
Alliance, from Portland and Coos Bay.. Nov. 19
North Fork, from Humboldt Nov. 19
Arcata, from ttoos Bay Nov. 19
Doric, from China and Japan Nov. 20
Czarina, from Seattle Nov. 20
Eureka, from Humboldt Nov. 20
Columbia, from Portland Nov. 21
Corona, from Newport Nov. 21
Washtenaw. from Tacoma Nov. 21
South Portland, from Seattle Nov. 22
Santa Rosa, from San Diego Nov. 22
Point Arena, from Point Arena Nov. 22
Crescent City, from Crescent City Nov. 23
City of Puebla, from Victoria Nov. 23
,Sun rises 6:51
Sun sets .'. 4:68
Moon rises 1:34 a. m.
O fTlme Time Time Time
5. Ft. Ft, Ft. Kt.
o H W • X, W H W L W
15... «:5l"Tl 1:25 2l «:58~Ti ~"
JL. W H W L W H W
16 ...f 0:36 1.7 7:31 8.2 1:12 l.g 8:04 3.8
17 ... 1:21 2.0 8:06 6.4 2:48 1.1 9:05 3.9
18... 1:59 2.3 8:39 S.5 3:20 0.8 9:56 4.0
19 ... 2:35 2.6 909 5.6 3:62 0.4 10:42 4.1
20 ... 8:11 2.8 9:36 5.7 4:25 0.0 11:27 4.3
21... 3:4$ 2.9|10:04 5.7 B:00— 0.3
Steamer, Destination— Sails. Pier.
Corona, for Newport Nov. IS, 9 am Pier 11
Senator, for Victoria...... Nov. 17, 11 am Pier 9
Coronado, for Grays Har. Nov. 17, 5 pm Pier 2
Mandalay, for Coquille R. Nov. 17, 10 am Pier 8
Rainier, for Seattle Nov. 17, 5 pm Pier 13
Pt. Arena, for Pt. Arena." Nov. 17, 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka, for Humboldt.... Nov. 17, 9 am Pier 2
Samoa, for Humboldt Nov. 18. 10 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa, for S. Diego. Nov. IS, 11 am Pier 11
Pomona, for Humboldt;. Nov. 19, 2 pm Pier 9
Newport, for New York.. Nov. 19, 12 m PMSS
Geo. Elder, for Portland.. Nov. 19, 11 am Pier 24
China, for China & Japan Nov. 20, 1 pm PMSS
Bontta, for Newport...... Nov. 20, 9 am Pier 11
Arcata, for Coos Bay.... Nov. 20, 4 pm Pier 13
Albion, for Honolulu Nov. 20, 2 pm Pier 2
Alliance, for Portland — Nov. 21, 9 am Pier 20
Mariposa, for Australia.. Nov. 21, 9 am Pier 7
G. Dollar, for Grays Har. Nov. 21, 5 pm Pier t
Queen, for San Dlepo Nov. 21, 11 am Pier 11
Umatllla, for Victoria Nov. 22. 11 am Pier 9
North Fork, for Humboldt Nov. 22, 2 pm Pier 2
Czarina, for Seattle Nov. 22, 9 am Pier a
,Sun rises 6:51
Sun sets .'. 4:68
Moon rises 1:34 a. m.
O fTlme Time Time Time
5. Ft. Ft, Ft. Kt.
o H W • X, W H W L W
15... «:5l"Tl 1:25 2l «:58~Ti ~"
JL. W H W L W H W
16 ...f 0:36 1.7 7:31 8.2 1:12 l.g 8:04 3.8
17 ... 1:21 2.0 8:06 6.4 2:48 1.1 9:05 3.9
18... 1:59 2.3 8:39 S.5 3:20 0.8 9:56 4.0
19 ... 2:35 2.6 909 5.6 3:62 0.4 10:42 4.1
20 ... 8:11 2.8 9:36 5.7 4:25 0.0 11:27 4.3
21... 3:4$ 2.9|10:04 5.7 B:00— 0.3
Steamer From— I Due.
I Due.
Mariposa. from Australia Nov. 16
George \V. Elder, from Portland Nov. IS
Titanla, from Nanaimo Nov. 16
Coos Bay. from Newport Nov. 17
Empire, from Coos Bay Nov. 17
Pomona, from Eureka Nov. 17
Robert Dollar, from Seattle Nov. IS
Umatllla, from Victoria Nov. 18
Grace Dollar, from Grays Harbor Nov. IS
Queen, from San Diego Nov. 18
Santa Barbara, from Humboldt Nov. 18
San Juan, from New York Nov. 1*
Alliance, from Portland and Coos Bay.. Nov. 19
North Fork, from Humboldt Nov. 19
Arcata, from ttoos Bay Nov. 19
Doric, from China and Japan Nov. 20
Czarina, from Seattle Nov. 20
Eureka, from Humboldt Nov. 20
Columbia, from Portland Nov. 21
Corona, from Newport Nov. 21
Washtenaw. from Tacoma Nov. 21
South Portland, from Seattle Nov. 22
Santa Rosa, from San Diego Nov. 22
Point Arena, from Point Arena Nov. 22
Crescent City, from Crescent City Nov. 23
City of Puebla, from Victoria Nov. 23
DR. MEYERS Jpll^
Specialists m
Disease and weak- \^tV |/T|
ness of men. E»- I vSCJ^i
tablished 1SS1. Coa- V«*JcaS^I'
sultatlon free.
7.'51 Market it, l^W^MW
(elevator entrance). >«V iITSQ^^
Ban Francisco. «^Sffs.«4*^3RSfeh
Price 25 cents. All drusslsts. or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL. DE
FORD. 175 X. Spring St.. Loa Angeles. Cal.
1A/. T. HESS.
X0TAXT FC3LI5 ANJ 1TT0SH57-AT-L1V.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claus Spreckels Bid?. '
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St.. below Po-arell.
San Francisco.
OS MBA It" Smokeless Pcwder. tn bUk
Ii I nj and loaded In shells. Send
SlJ SIn_A for catalcgua oJ »portln<
ftj U 1 M %J Roods. GEO. W. SHBEVE.
¦ ¦ 739 Market it.
O 1 PI* nfllf 1 I Corner Fourth and
fflrF HllYfll xrhdL'-Jz
UHIL nUIHL srw-j-a
valises checked trt» .
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTEKS. THE
great Mexican, remedy; Klves bealtix and
strength to »e-xual organs. Depot. Z23 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Llstk Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MEBZBACH. lawyer.
803 California st.. CInnle building.
COAL, COKE AND Pld IROM.
JP U'll CAV * C(\ Battery Street.
• t- nlLaUxl tt WU-. Telephone Main 1S64.
coppers; with.
Cm puiTH Phlp Plnmblns. Steamboat and
n- 3.TU 1 11 ship Work a specialty. 18 and
18 Washington it Telephone Main 5841.
ELtCTRlCAL. .
r>. r>. wass. ¦ -
Electrical Engineer. W Ea»t rt.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I1C OfiVCC £¦ m Shlpptnc Butchers. 104
JA3- t>UIC3tttU- c\*T. Tel. Main 1234.
OALVANIZINO A>D .METALS,
M*f jr. & Dealer In Metals & OalTanlzlnir. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. 313 Howard »t,
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metaL I Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First «t.. San Franclaco.
OILS.
LUBKICATTNG OILS. LEONARD * ELLJ3.
418 Front St.. & F. Phone Main 1719.
PAIVTS.
Cylinder & Luhrlcatlnsr Otis. Schneider's Mlntn?
Candlea. C. G. CUXCH & CX>.. » Front. 3. F.
—— — pRINTINa .
E- C» HUGBtS. 511 Sansomg at*. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE H1CKS-JUDD CO..
. g First st.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tei c^s h>c PARTRIDGE 1 *
fllM iSH STEAM COAUffiJ^S
DIAMOND COAL MIN'IN'O CO.. at Us GREEN'
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In th«
market. Office aad Yards— 150 Mala street.
¦^taMBM&aM^MJBtaEfcfSESSSHittS^BUMSSittfiZ-^JM^^S^SSMSriMfiBSS^BMM^BBHB^I
: THE EMPORIUM: . | ' THE EMPOKTTJM.
%> free Holiday Attraction — the @SP^. SkTuM edge, good weight and well Vj
marvelous mechanical rcproduc- ,^™ f^-M^C* f^4*i "^ir* sr^ **- *8 made, sizes 16x26 inches; £
«f tion of Coney Island. . . CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE worth 65c each; to-day only49C >»
y "
I Fox Scarfs .j^^^^\
J $2.75. i^M( <t ~!l^f
Jf Latest . novelty in \^^Sk\ sdMsg&J
•? fur neckwear, elc- v£S$$&^^i££*8^o''
*, gant Fox Hare \^^ffi^^^
X* Scarf, in blue and \fpi|!|j§^7r
i{ brown, one yard /jgg^p£v^W
jT» long, has large /JS^^^^^'C^*^
j£ head and full /&&W' /
t^ tail; rcgubrly • 10$$/
K $5.oo;special/o- j^xS/
day and Satur- <fJI§fy
S
i
$ 20c and 25c Laces 12c
•£ An aaorted lot of about I ooq yards of Point
*V De Paris and Normandy Valenciennes
j. Laces, in widths varying from a to 5 inches,
£ somt very pretty patterns, are marked for
K special selling Friday only; per y.
J yard *^C
$ . Groceries— Liquors.
j£ Salmon — Guaranty brand, to-day 3 I-lb
; jf tins 75c
S Asparagus — Hickmosts Island, to-day,
S tin , 2CC
Z Heinz' Mince Meat— In bulk, a lbs. .
5 25c
IC Raisins — Fancy 3-Crown loose Muscatel,
jf to-day, 3 lbs 2 = C
Jtf Clams — Potter le Wrighington's fresh little
* neck clams, I-lb tins 15c
S Roast Coffee— Golden Blend, 4^ lbs.
5 for . . $1.00
*f Best New Mixed Nuts— To-day, Ib\ .
tt 15c
K Port or Sherry — Our popular 75c per
j£ gallon wine, to-day (Friday), -»
J£ only 3UC
* Kentucky Bourbon Whiskey —
j^ Full quart," extra quality, 8 years old, to-day,
Jtf per bottle S9c
Jf Best Sweet Cider— Gallon 40c
h Sauterns or Reisling— 5 years oU,
jf full quart bottles, to-day 25c
Manufacturer's Sale,
Suits and Overcoats
70c on the $1.00.
Ihe balance of thi -winter stock o>
Men's and Boys' Suits an.l Over-
coats, purchased b* our Eastern
buyer fr cm several prominent N.zv
York manufacturers at aboui y<x
on the $i.oo.
Men's $12.50 Sack Suits. $8.95
Men's $1 7.50 Sack Suits $!¦>. 75
Men's 517.50 Overcoats $10. S5
Men's Overcoats, worth $35.00 $17.75
Boys' $5.00 Long Pants Suits $3.98
Boys' fa.95 Vestee Suits*. 81.87
Boys* $5.00 and $6.00 Vestee Suits $3.4S
Boys* $3.50 Reefer Coats $1.9S
Etc., etc., etc.
«rf3| A Shoe Special
V^sTm These spring heel Vici Kid Shoes
II or m^ S8cs "^ children, either but-
I \^\.W ton or lace style, kid tops, medi-
/ um heavy soled extension soles, a
/^^jfmrv^M|. good looking and good wearing
:m '**^g &^ at these very special
i^ i^ ?^^ Sizes 8J2 to xi for. 89c
Sizes 11^2 to s for $1.08
Ribbon Special.
Another one of these big lots of high-grade rib-
bons that our New York buyer was enabled to
secure at such low prices. This lot consists of
1500 yards of good quality all-silk brilliant lus-
ter Taffeta Ribbon 4^-3 inches wide, choice col-
orings for neckwear and millinery purposes, to
be sold to-day (Friday) only at the very -«
tpecial price, per yard * 'C
Doll Sole. £
S
An assorted lot of about ¦<&*>& Jg
zee Dolls, half a dozen £Jv- S »V\
of this khi and ten of M&~~ «£$> {r
that, which have been v$f*j~"~"/4ij; ( Js
left from rarious sales; \ J - Jt
among them are 50 in- i^^v / i*J? '5
destrnctible dolls; fine _~- I j "$
quality kid body dolls i ""i"* If Jt
worth $1.00 to 53.50 'I I 5J &
each, and handsome full i '•
•jointed papier mache Jr^fWj 9
dolls wcrth from 5i.?5 *
to £4.75. We offer the 'oW "5
choice of this lot to-day . Jf
(Friday) only at a r»- /Sij^ 0 * •'
unction of 25 per '^ J£
Cent from regular prices. \g
Opera Gloves *
Hall Price This Week. -J
We are closing out a large itock cf fine Jj
Opera Gloves (Jourin & Cie. make), at «- .^f
actly half price; black, white and opera colon: •?
$4.00 Gloves $2.00 %
53.50 Gloves $1.75 I*
J 3 .eo Gloves $1.50 <g
J2.50 Gloves $1.25 *«f
$2.00 Gloves $1.00 J€
Belts One-Half. g
We have closed out the balance of a manu- *3
facturer'i stock of Ladies' Dog Collar jf
Belts, there are about 300 in the lot, in an It
assortment of styles, in black seal and brown <5
morocco, that are worth m the regular way \
50c to Si. 50 each; to-day, while quantity Jt
lasts, half price. jr
£
BacK Combs 18c. 5
Laiir*' Shell Empire Back Combs, assorted Jg
stj-ies and all of the newest patterns, finely «V
finished; a splendid bargain at to-day's 1O 'J
special price; each. . . .r loC jj
Try
"Ko-Nut"
To arrive at the conclusion
that for I
Shortening and Frying
It ii thr best material on the
market.
"KO-NUT,"
A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat.
Entirely Free from Animal Matter.
N^ver Gets Rancid.
Ask Your Grocer or Write
India Refining Co.,
Philadelphia.
jjj Here is a Shoe for la- Ei
ill dies that pleases at firet^
;fj sight. It is not only styl- j;i!
jjj ish, but it combines dur--:A
!;i ;' ability with appearance, \A
n and by reason of its good -ri
(i; quality we are selling it "jij!
iii right along in great ¦£
::j numbers. . |:|
|jj It is a hand turned ;;>|
V; Shoe with French heels, £3
and either kid or cloth if?
1 tops, and at the price is'-?:
| a value that, appeals to 1 *
£j those who wa'nt a good, ';::
•H satisfactory Shoe at an £
; ;;i 'economical price. :|
•jj Boys' shoes, made -of Vici :7
ijj: kid with double soles, good £ :
|iv for school, and particularly ff
:h'{ . after v school, when the boy '£?•
•i begins his rousrh playing, £.'
;•; such as football, baseball, etc. i:'
$ sizes 13 to 2.... 81.75 %
:tf sizes 2 T /J to &A . . . . .$2.OO ,•:•
! KaufmanhS
'!l W*^ W8MEBLV.LUCKE5 *ll| &
'¦£ -r 832 MARKET st.S.F J:;
p- • VKaufmanu steps In Lucke's shoes" K
ADVERTISEMENTS.
weakens the body and de-
grades the mind. It saps
the nervous strength that
is the source of all health,
and perverts the functions
of every organ. Because
of its stubborn nature, it is
often called incurable. This
is not true. There is one
medicine that never fails to
check, the nervous spasms
and give new strength to
the entire system,
"Our baby boy had epileptic spasms
aad ths physiciass trere unable to do
anything to help him. We heard of
Dr. Miles* Nervine, aad from the time
he took, the rirst dose he never had
another attack," Mrs. J. Penner,
45? N. Meridian A-»e, Anderson. lad.
3D*. ISiies^ I
allays nervous irritation,
stops spasms, restores di-
gestion and mental vigor.
Sold by drujjists on guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Eliihart, lad.
§VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for ME1
MORMON BISHOP'S P1L.LS
have been In use over fifty
yean by tbe leaden of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
wont case* tn old and younc
• rising from effect* of •elf-
abuse, dissipation, excesnei or
cirarette-ernokinit. Cures Lost
Menhood. Impoteney. Lost
Power. NiKht Losses. In«om-
_,, pains tn Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
£trvou» Debility. Headache. Unntnes* to Mar-
r* Lo« of Semen. £- V> Vkricocele or Con-
»t nation. Stor* Ne O %J rroui Twitch ln»
gfgSy Effect. £»- .««..
*™n«Sn. Sn't «« despondent: a cur* l. it
»£nd Restore, small, undeveloped organs.
£t£5,\i,.Vs , the brain and nerve center*; 60c a
»S 'and <0 Third rt- ¦
£vist» OR JORDAN'S mcatJ
IkUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
\ Rr The Lareett AMtomical Museum in the \
A ~~t V.'orid. WcJukm "* *"r cootrmcteo M
" iSx^HXi «ii»iaw i*r-eS««»«- | T """"r !!>¦? o4de*t T
(5. - r! ipeciiiiuc-c tiw Co*C Est-3iye»x», 9
A jagi CJUORDAH-PSRATE OlSEASESi
• •'(•H^B CenultttidO ffte »nd ftrirtlT print*. \
A I Y*W« Tmtment prrjotwiily or by letter. AM
V G flr PI 8 <**••«• CW»lne»eryc»*e undertaken. T
A 9 n life xv "« f«» »«*. rmt%.nm*»rmHm*A
9 ¦ |7 IJ'P MiaaiACK, MAILED FRBB. !Af
i A j\, nluUc book for am I A
9 DB.J«KDAIf A CO.lOil Market SU8.KF
ft ¦^^'^'^.'^^•S.VtsV^'^^''^*
DDTTCUI7C *X>R BARBERS. BAK-
JJilUotlH^ en, bootblack*, bath-
U1IUWUMM houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, nourmllla, foundries, laundries, paper-
rian*er». printers, painters, shoe factories, »ta-
Lk-rr.en, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCr.ANAIN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA, GLEETS.
6TRICTURES snd analogous complalnU of tn«
Orracs of Generation.
l*ric« fl a bottle. For sale by drufaists.: These reports show once more how serious is the
loss to California from the lack of a systematic pro
tection against forest fires. Of course no 'system
could prevent them altogether, any more than; the
best regulations in our cities can prevent fires there ;
but something can be done to mitigate the evil. The
annual direct loss runs up into many millions of dol
lars, and the indirect losses are incalculable. ! No
section of the State is free from such disasters. Dur
ing- the dry season reports of- fires follow one an
other almost as regularly as "the days. We are per
mitting bur' great timber; resources to be burned up
without making; an intelligent effort to save them;
Such wastefulness ; and • carelessness are unworthy of
a civilized people; and it is to be i hoped something
willbe done ; this winter to put an end to them. ¦
DURING the warm days that followed the first
rains the woods of many parts of the State
became dry enough to furnish another illustra
tion of the urgent need of some system of forest pro
tection. These lessons come at a most opportune
time, for we are to have a Legislature in session this
winter, and it is well to have the importance of this
subject thoroughly impressed upon the public mind
so that the desired legislation may be adopted.
The dispatches of November 11 from San Diego
reported a forest fire raging in the mountains back
of El Cajon and threatening to devastate a wide re
gion of country. On the same day reports came of
another fire in a different locality of the same moun
tains. On November 12 dispatches^ from San Ber
nadino reported the destruction by fire of a lumber
mill, and added: "The further damage will be the
burning of the forest beyond the mill. The flames
are sweeping up the canyon, which is covered by
heavy' timber." On the same day came dispatches
* om Salinas ; announcing : "Forest fires are raging
in the foothills east of this city. Great damage has
been done. Already several thousand acres have-been
burned over."
FOREST FIRES AGAIN.
A cause of this kind needs no commendation. It
is probable that in the rich East it will not be diffi
cult to raise the sum desired for the fund, but it is
possible Californians may desire to contribute to it,
:tnd therefore, it is to be noted the announcement has
been made that all contributions should be sent di
iect to the treasurers, J. P. Morgan & Co., New
York; agreements for ' subscriptions payable at
a future date may be forwarded to W. * O. ; Holway,
secretary, 3 West Twenty-ninth street, New York.
It will be remembered that after the battle off San
tiago Rear Admiral Philip, whose ;hip had taken 1
distinguished part in the fight, assembled his crew
to join in thanksgiving for the victory and addressed
to them the memorable words, cheer, bovs
the poor fellows are dying." That phrase is destined
to live as long as men cherish noble sentiments 1 of
generosity in the hour of victory. It was significant
o-" the character of the man, and we proudly believe
it is al«o significant of the character of the nation.
Hardly any claim now made upon the liberality
and patriotism of the American people is worthier
than this. Admiral Philip, after a service. of forty
years in the navy, during which time he upheld the
noblcsl ideals of American manhood, died rich in
honors but -poor in fortune. Th e pension of his
v iaow is said to be only $30 a month, a sum far from
sufficient for her wants even upon the humblest scale
of life, to say nothing of her dignity -as the widow
of an admiral of the rravy of the United States.
Q MOVEMENT has been started in the East to
y\ raise a fund of $100,000 for the double purpose
of providing for the widow of Rear Admiral
Philip and establishing a permanent memorial of the
hero himself. In ordtr to accomplish the double ob
ject it is the intention to invest the fund so that dur
ing the remainder of her life Mrs. Philip can have
the income, and after her death the revenue will be
dt voted to a seamen's home, where it will be known
as '"the Admiral Philip memorial fund."
A MEMORIAL FUND.
The temerity of the colored trooper who found
time and opportunity in which to rob his fellows at
the Presidio is a very clear proof, if no other was
present, that the Tennessee regiment is not among us.
It is probably not gratifying to Professor Ross of
Stanford University that in a p"ublic and very unfor
tunate scandal he has gained more fame than was his
reward in years of serious endeavor.
-"Jedpe/,*. cried the colored prisoner "you
say,:youtgwine,ter;glinine jestlee. Fer de
Lawd ; sake,* ; jdon'tido»that,f"Jedge-^I got
trouble- enouorhj uow!"— Atlanta - ConstUu-
"There are two kinds of business cour
tesy.";, - :. ¦ ;.,v .--; ¦ . -\ ; •- ¦• ,•
"What are they?" • ; - '
... ".'Well, ,; the. kind •'. ¦sre - extend ' to • -people
who have paid and the kind we extend to
people who haven't • paid."— Detroit Free
Prcss.-msU^»WH9BS. ¦ ¦•-...
-"Marse'Tom/*, said the colored constitu
ent, "is dey any. chance er. me gittln' a
job in de Legislatur' dls term?"
"I don't know; what do you expect?"
"Nuthin'- mo"; suhl dan de yuther legis
lators glt3j"— Atlanta Constitution.
Gribbler— The question of aerial naviga
tion seems ito have been solved at last.
Too bad one of our own scientists couldn't
have accomplished .this Instead of this
foreigner. Zeppelin. ,
Scribbler— Yes. 1 we paragraphers feel '.1
keenly. ': Its simply, impossible to make \
joke out of a name like that.—Philadel
phia Press. -
Mrs. Goodsoul— I think Its a perfect
shame, that the early settlers killed oft
the Indians the way they did. •
Miss De Pretty— Indeed it is. Just think
what lovely furs they used to sell for a
few glass beads. — NewTork Weekly.
Little Willie— Pa, what's. a, financier?
Pa— A "financier, my son, is a man who
is capable, of inducing other men to pile
up a fortune for him.— Chicago News.
IJttle Rollo— Have you' ever faced death
on the battlefield, Uncle Ebenezer?
Uncle Eb.— No. but I've been operated
on for appendicitis.— Chicago Times-Her
ald.
"That is what I call a moving appeal,"
said Tcnspot to Gazley.
, "You call what a moving appeal?"
"Thl3 note from my landlord telling me
that I must vacate because of non-pay
ment of rent."— Detroit Free Press.
"And now,", said the FIJI chief to the
Boston missionary, "have you anything to
request before we proceed with the cere
mony?"
"Only • this," replied the. missionary,
"please put a few. beans in the pot with
me."— Harlem Life.
Mrs. -Jones — Oh, doctor! Is my husband
still irrational? •
Doctor Dosem— Extremely, so. When I
told him your mother was coming to-mor
row he . smiled. — Judge.
"Sir Toramle Upton Is after the Ameri
ca's cup agalni."
"Well, he has nerve." . -'iv
"It takes nerve, to be a great adver
tiser." — Cleveland Plain Dealer. t
"A genius," writes a small boy, "Is born
first, an' raised- afterward. But the worl'
don't know he's a genius 'till somebody
sprains their leg by stumblin' over his
grave."— Atlanta Constitution.
A CHANCE VTO SMILE.
BY the action of the meeting at the Hopkins In
stitute of Art on Wednesday evening the Pa
cific Commercial Museum has taken another
step forward in that career which promises to speedily
realize many of the most sanguine expectations of its
founders and promoters. The resident Consuls of
various foreign Governments were at the meeting,
and through them the attention of their Governments
was called to the establishment of the museum and
the scope of its work. Thus the commercial activity
of the museum has been begun, and we may expect
ere long to sec something in the way of trade re
sults.
In this connection it will be worth while to note
efforts now being made in Boston to attract trade to
that city, as it may be of advantage to us to imitate
them so far as they are applicable to our conditions.
There is no commercial museum in Boston, but some
of the railroads centering in the city have perceived
the benefits, certain to accrue to them from increased
foreign trade at the port, and have had agents abroad
seeking to procure it.
Speaking of the work of one of these agents, Mr.
Crane, who has been traveling in Europe working
ur. trade for the city, the Boston Globe says?
"He visited not only London and Liverpool,
and Hamburg, Glasgow and Hull, but Rot
tci dam, Antwerp and Copenhagen. Direct re
sults of gratifying character were reached in
the assurance of an increase in steamship service to
Boston in the near future, and the likelihood of th?
speedy establishment of new lines of commerce hav
.ing Boston as the American terminal. From the
officials of the Rotterdam line, for instance, there is
already the promise. of a regular service to Boston of
three sailings a month. The Elder-Dempster service
will be improved as soon as opportunity offers, while
the 'Dominion Iin e is soon to receive "the accession of
a new steamer and must prove more efficient than
ever." .
Cheered by these promises Mr. Crane appears to
be quite sanguine that Boston may yet receive much
of the foreign trade that now goes to New York, and
consequently her railroads will obtain the traffic that
has helped to enrich the New York, roads. 1 He is
quoted as having said: "Owners who are looking
around for profitable routes for their steamers are
also coming to understand that if is much better to
send their: tonnage to the second important port on
the Atlantic, where steamers can sail right up to the
dock and find plenty of room, than to send their ships
to New York," where, to begin with, they find compet
ing^ lines ahead of them and will have to fairly fight
for s. chance to dock their vessels."
In. those statements there is a lesson which rail-
ANOTHER STEP FORWARD.
bands of guipure encircled with narrow
black .velvet. The front and lapels are
of guipure; The short sleeves have lapels
of black velvet. The yoke is of guipure.
The skirt Is ornamented with guipure in
sertion and black velvet.
DRESS OF SUEDE COLORED VEILING
The costume is of suede colored veiling.
The corsage is made in flat pleats, with
The investigation which the Board of Supervisors
is now making into the financial affairs of the Spring
Valley Water Company indicates that the corporation
is conveniently ignorant of the value of its own prop
erties. It would be reasonable to suppose, therefore,
that it would not object if the public took advantage
of the same convenience if the time ever comes to
make the municipal acquisition of public utilities a
rtality.
Thct purpose is understood to be the storing of
storm waters for distribution to the irrigable soil ;o
make it fertile, open it for settlement and furnish a
field for occupancy by our citizens, who in agricul
ture can found independent homes', draw their sup
port from the soil and add to the country's surplus
for export to the food consumers of the world.
Collateral to the subject of irrigation is forestry,
the preservation of our timber area and its. extension
by planting, and the restoration of its vegetable cover
to tlic grazing area by renewal of the natural forage
which has been destroyed by overgrazing, due to
occupancy of the range in common by herdsmen
and flock-masters.
Addresses will be delivered to the congress by Mr.
Wilson, Secretary of Agriculture; General Miles of
the army; Senators Foster, Carter, Beveridge and
Perkins; and by business men such as Charles A.
Mallory, A. C. Bartlett, George F. Stone, J. J. Hill
of the Great Northern, and John E. Springer,
president of the National Livestock Association.
It is estimated that 75,000,000 acres of land may
be made fruitful by irrigation. That is 470,748 quarter
sections, capable of supporting a population of 2,353,
740 people. Such an addition to the producing and
consuming power is of great importance, but it does
not represent all the results of irrigation and the for
est and range policies which are impinged upon it.
Leasing the ranges and preservation of the forests
mean the sustenance of many more millions of
people.
All the West will look with interest for the conclu
sions reached by this congress.
The congress will consider the whole irrigation
question as affecting the country -.vest of the ninety
ninth meridian, and will continue to urge such meas
ures of local and general legislation as will forward
the purpose of the promoters of the congress.
THE first session and organization of the Irriga
tion Congress occurred at Salt Lake City. The
ninth session will be held in Chicago on the
2ist-.24th of tins momh.
THE IRRIGATION CONGRESS.
I CANNOT VOTE— Subscriber. Parkfleld
I Cal. In the State of California no one not
a citizen by birth or by naturalization c*n
vote at any State or municipal election
In some States an alien who has declared
his intention of becoming a citizen of !h»
United States and who has compUed with
the law as. to residence may vote In thnVo
States the time of .residence varies from
six months to year. The fact that an
alien Is a member of some organization in
on e hfm* nOt confer "> e franchise
¦CHUBCHES-V. T. Santa Rosa Cal
There are.no published statistics that win
tell the highest salary paid to a preacher
in Calif ornla. in • the .United States the
names of the most expensive churches in
California nor <m the United States tS
obtain such. information it would be*. nec
essary, to communicate with. the heads of
each denomination, and that would take
more; time than this department ' can de
vote to any one correspondent.- The nniv
published value of church property !n the
United States is =¦ the ngures -Wt the cen
sus of ; 1S*Y and they are ' no criterion of
value : at ¦ this * time. In the course n
few months the figures: 'of .'SS -preset
census onuhat point, will be given out.
TO PETRIFY "WOOD— Subscriber. City
The following is given as the method for
petrifying wood or any porous sub
stance: "An equal quantity each of jrum
salt, rock alum, white vinegar and peb
bles powder. Mix well together. If after
the ebullition is over you throw into the
liquid any wood or porous .substance it
will petrify it." This department civerf
this for what .it is worth, never having
COAL ON STEAMERS-J. F. C;, Fa
moso, Cal. Generally speaking ocean
steamers in crossing the Atlantic use
from two to three hundred tons of coal In
twenty-four hours. The Deutschland. one
of the largest of the trans-Atlantic fleet
on one trip burned on an average of tt?
tons of coala day. One day on that trip
she made 600 knots at an expense of S23
tons of coal. The amount ofcoal varied
with the size of the steamer and the s™>p,t
that it is desired to be obtained
WETTING THE HAIR— C. C. S.. City.
Those who have made the matter a study
say that while there la no harm In uslnsr
water on th'e hair to dress It, It has a
tendency to make it harsh. This depart
ment has examined about 400 recipes for
the hair, but has not been able to discover
the one asked about, the component parts
of which are gin and bitter apple.
SUBSCRIPTION — Constant Reader.
Alameda, Cal. If a person subscribes for
a periodical and does not desire to con
tinue hia subscription, it Is the duty of
such person to notify .the publisher to
that effect. If the publisher persists In
sending the publication It is the duty of
the person to whom sent to refuse to re
ceive it. By so doing the person to whom
it is sent does not become responsible for
the subscription.
PATENTS— J. S., Sacramento. Cal.
There are so many patents that have been
classed as simple and have been produc
tive of big results to the patentee that It
is impossible to classify them and give the
number or tell what the patentees real
ized. There have been some stray figures
published, but such have only been guess
work and are not reliable.
THE SUBIG INCIDENT— A. S., City.
The only details that this department can
furnish as to the Subig Bay Incident dur
ing the Spanish-American war are those
which appeared in the San- Francisco Call
of July 14, 1S9S. page one, column, three.
You can consult the files at the reference
room of the Freu Public Library.
THE ALASKA PURCHASE— J. H. B..
City. . Alaska, a- Territory of the United
States, formerly a possession of Russia
was purchased by the United States Gov
ernment for the sum of $7,200,000 at the
instance of William H. Seward. Secretary
of State under President Andrew John
son.
MASSES— J. H. H.. Keswick. Cal. In
the Catholic church high mass Is one with
the full ceremonial and celebrated with
the assistance of a dCacon and subdea
cons; low mass Is the ordinary form of
mass by a priest without music; requiem
high mass is a mass for the repose of
the dead.
TO GO OUT OF BUSINESS— G., City.
If parties have formed an association to
engage in the business of mining and de
sire to go'out of business, they must, -If
an Incorporation, proceed according to law
to disincorporate, proceed likewise If only
a partnership concern, and If It is neither
simply go out of business.
MAUDE GONNE— J. H. H., Keswlck,
Cal. Maude Gonne Is a wealthy woman
of Europe who has been noted for her
Interest in the cause of the Boers, and
who has offered to help Oom Paul Kruger
during his stay in Europe.
WEIGHT OF BELLS-Enq.. Oakland.
Cal. The weight of the bell on the City
Hall, New York. Is 22,300 pound3; that of
St. Peter's at Rome, 18.607; that of St.
Paul, London. 11,470; that of St. Ivan at
Moscow, 127,830; that of Moscow, unhung.
410.000, and the great bell of China. 120.Q00.
' OLD ENGLISH BANKS— I. B. T., City.
To ascertain the names of private banks
in London or Liverpool from 1825 to 1S30
you should address a communication to
the Bankers' Clearing-house, in Postofllce
court, London, Eng.
RENT— Subscriber, City. If you moved
away from a house owing five months'
rent and stored your furniture, and you
are now working earning a monthly sal
ary, a portion of that salary and part of
your furniture Is liable to attachment.
RAILROAD CENTER— A., City.- The
city in the United 'States at this time that
Is classed as the railroad center is Chi
cago. •>'. ,
HOSPITAL— A. W. W.. City. There is
n ° hospital In San Francisco that is spe
cially devoted to ¦ working women and
RAZZLE DAZZLE— Disputer. City. In
* he . dlce game of razzle dazzle aces are
high, consequently five aces will beat five
sixes.
THE CIVIL WAR-J. H. B., City. The
cost of the Civil War (Including all ex
?r ei } se !l g rowl ns out of the same) to the
United States was 18,189,929,900.
IIUSSIAN CALENDAR— M. C. J., City.
The Russians have not adopted the Greg
orian calendar. When wo write October
la the Russians write October 8.
FIGURE FOUR^RAP-M. L.. City. The
easiest way to ascertain how to make a
figure 4 trap Is to have some one show you
how. It is doubtful if you could make a
success by following printed directions.
FLOUR ON A CAR-S.. City. A ten-ton
freight car will carry ninety barrels of
flour, seventy of lime and sixty of whisky.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A contrast of that kind cannot be put aside lightly
as a mere accidental occurrence. The New York
demonstration, being of a partisan character, might
have been expected to occasion fights here and there
between pugnacious supporters of different parties,
but nothing of the kind occurred; while the Lon
don celebration, being of a patriotic character, ought
to have been thoroughly good-humored and har
monious, but it was the reverse. The most notable
point of contrast, however, is the revelation of the
attitude of the men of the two cities toward women
who joined them in the. frolic. In New York the ap
pearance of the women on the streets kept the crowds
orderly and respectful, but in London the opposite
happened.' We can feel a just national pride in this
evidence of American manliness and rejoice in the
knowledge that it is. not in New York only that such
respect for womanhood is displayed on all occasions.
The excitement In the streets, particularly from Fleet
street to Piccadilly, last night surpasses anything yet
experienced. Even Mafeking night, though perhaps more
boisterous, was not equal to this volume of surging hu
manity. Unfortunately there was only too much of that
unseemly horseplay which threatens to become an un
governable factor on such occasions. The hope is ex
pressed that London has grown weary of this kind of
festivity, and that" it will die out soon. It is sincerely
to bo trusted that thlshope has justification in fact. The
drunkennes'a among women and young girls was a par
ticularly noticeable and deeply regrettable phase of
the street scenes. Enormous throngs surged along Fleet
street, the Strand. Piccadilly, 'Praed street and the Edg
ware road, flying peacocks' feathers, beating respectable
pergons with bladders Btrung on strings and sticks, roar
ing out the coarsest of songs and indulging in wantofi
ribaldry. The well behaved who came out to see the
decorations and Illuminations had to suiter at the hands
of these riotous Individuals.
This brings us to a notable feature of the celebration
—the vast number of women who took part in it, vying
with the men, the college boys and the street urchins
in blowing horns and megaphones, swinging rattles and
waving flags and campaign devices. With few excep
tions, too, they were obviously respectable women, most
ly young, but includingalso many of matronly appear
ance and not a few crowned with the dignity of gray
hairs. It was a great spre© and these women, making
up probably a quarter or a third of the crowds, were as
demonstrative in their, enjoyment of it as were the
men themselves. A contagious spirit of comradeship
prevailed among them and the conventional feminine re*
serve was cast aside for a liberty of Intercourse which
was not abused. They were like boys out for a frolic,
? • • "What was the consequence? Was not the prev
alent good temper and considerate behavior of the
crowds directly due to the presence of so great a num
ber of women, many unaccompanied by men and many
others with such escort? At any rate, In all that boister
ous crowd and that wild frolic there was no clash of
rude and coarse behavior. Political enmities were for
gotten in the prevalent spirit pf fun. Nor were the high
spirits manifested the product of artificial stimulants,
except in small measure; yet never and nowhere has
there been more complete abandonment to merrymaking
than there was by the men and women who thronged
Broadway from Twenty-third to *Forty-second street on
election night. Evidently women have come out of the
seclusion of homes to share in the tumultuous frolic of
men; and if the -consequence Is always to be as it was
on election night. It will be good— certainly for the men.
The Westminster Gazette in describing the wel
come of the City Volunteers in London says:
That the contrast may be fairly presented we give
accounts as published in papers of the two cities, and
written by reporters who were eye-witnesses of the
facts. The New York Sun in describing the celebra
tion of the McKinley victory in that city says:
I 1— m.
LONDON recently celebrated by a popular out
burst of delight the return of the City Impe
rial Volunteers from the war in South Africa,
and New York a few days later had a similar demon
stration over the great victory for McKinley and
prosperity. In both cities the streets were thronged
with tumultuous* crowds, and v it was noted that" a
considerable number of women shared in the uproar
and took the jostling with a frolic welcome.
There was, however, a wide difference between the
tone of the two celebrations and a wider difference
in the manner in which the women of the two citie3
acted and were treated. The contrast is so striking as
to be worthy of note as an illustration of the national
characteristics of Americans and Britons as displayed
in great crowds.
e TALE OF TWO CITIES.
The latest reports from China indicate that the
allied powers are now most pressingly concerned
with the serious problem of how, after having forced
an entrance into the Orient, it is easiest and safest
to get out. .
There will be a simple funeral, yet It
will be the grandest yet held by the Gypsy
nation. According to the rites of the Gyp
sies, a prince of the royal and reigning
dynasty must be buried in royal ground.
As the Gypsies have no reservations In
Chicago cemeteries, the funeral will be In
the country, but where the leaders would
not Bay.
A canvass of the nation brought out an
accordion and a violin and a player for
each. By the flare of torches there were
dances such as are frequently seen only
in Sicily and along the Mediterranean
shores.
While the death may terminate the pres
ent dynasty in the rule of the nation, the
Gypsies were none the less glad that the
royal child had been spared the trials of
a nomadic existence similar to the one
they themselves are leading. The mother
rejoiced that her child had been spared
those tribulations, but the mother's heart
compelled her to weep.
Prince Leon, heir presumptive to the
throne of Stanley, King of the Gypsies, Is
dead.says the writer of a recent article
in a Chicago newspaper. His body lies in
state— all the state which can be gathered
about a small bier In a miserable hovel In
the throneroom of the Gypsy nation at
Forty-seventh street and Archer avenue.
The Prince, a tot of five years, was try
ing to feed a fire In the cook stove of his
mother, the Queen and consort of King
Stanley, his father, when the paper car
ried the flre to his imperial kilt robes and
ignited them. Before her Majesty, the
Queen, could reach him from the fortune
telling booth. which she occupied he had
been fatally burned.
There was no sadness In the Gypsy na
tion last night. No remorse.. save in the'
mother's heart, was felt for the dead.
Their theosophy taught them to 'believe
that he^had gone to a happier life, and
they unselfishly rejoiced.
"¦¦"*¦" ' " ' " * ¦" " " " r ——————
FRIDAY NOVEMBER 16, iooo
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A!l Communications to W. S, LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre«» 2O4
I't'RLJCATIOS OFF1CI3... Market and Third, S. P.
Telephone Prrti SOI.
EDITORIAL nooMS 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
'IV 1.- phono Vrr-nn 202.
Delivered t»r Currlerw. 15 Cent* Per Week.
StitRrle Copfen. 5 <>ni«.
Term* l»j- Mail, Including PoHtnset
DA1I.T CALL Qnrfaattn Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILT CALL (iii.'!>:(3Ine Funday). « months. 8.00
DAILY CALL <lnrludtnr Sunday). 3 months 1.60
r>AILT CALL— I5y Single Month €5c
SUNDAY CALL. On* Year 1.59
WEEKLY CALU One Year 1.00
AH poatmantei-K ore authorized to receive
Rnburriptlonii.
Sample copies via b« forwarded when requeued.
OAKLAXD OFFICE HIS Broadway
C «KOUGI3 KUOO.VESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central ?€19.") I
XE1V YORK CORRESPONDENT:-
C. C. CAKI.TO.V i Herald Square
N'EtV YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STnrnE.\ IJ. SMITH SO Tribune nul I.line
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Welflorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, a Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Heose: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Trexncat House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXCTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. ... 14OC G St., IS. W.
MOfiTOS E. CBAXE, Correspondent.
BItAACn OFFICES— S27 Montgomery, corner of Clar. open
unm S:;o o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. €33
McAllister, open unf.l 9:30 o'clock. «5 Larkln. open until
. S:3C o'clock. IH1 Mission, cpea until 10 o'clock, rfil Market
corner Sixteenth, open tirstll 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 306 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor-
D * r Twenty -e«cond and Kentnci^-, open until 9 o'clock.
Only Son and Heir to King Stanley
Gathered to His Fathers.
GYPSY GROWN PRINCE
IS BURNED TO DEATH
NEW YORK WORLD-^It will strike us
as strange that after the long straggle for
electoral reform Great Britain, with a
population of nearly 4D.CO0.00O. can cast
only 4,31tJt703 votes. From this it would
appear that fully one-haif of the Briti3n
freemen are still disfranchised. And while
the average vote required to choose a
member of Parliament is about 8000, there
are still boroughs with only S000 voters,
while in other election districts there is a
votinR list of 30.000.
PHILADELPHIA LEDGER— Some edu
cators encourage self-depreciation in the
child, whereas he needs the assurance
that he is well worth improving and en
nobling. He can easily be led either to
self-contempt or to self-respect, and may
soon learn to distinguish what tends to
the one from what tenda to the other. To
be convinced that mean action is beneath
him is a great safeguard: no one wishes
to sink, and the sense of honor is a con
tinual incentive to rise.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN*— We owe it
to the Filipinos and to the world to re
btore order in the archlprlapo we havo ac
quired and before we can go ahead with
the work of organizing and establishing a
Government there it la absolutely essen-
I tial that the insurgents be overcome and
their insurrection suppressed. Conyresa
will hold up the hands of the President in
this matter, and the executive should have
no hesitancy jn putting in operation a
strong and vigorous policy.
LOUISVILLE COURIER-JOURNAL—
The cotton mill building movement in the
South, which attained such extraordinary
proportions the first half of the year, nas>
shown a material decline of late, but is
still noteworthy. Plans announced for Oc
tober are for 29,000 new spindles and the
employment of StiOO.OuO additional capital.
This means a - great deal for the South,
and it is really a very large sum when it
Is remembered that it was arranged for
on the eve of a Presidential election.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— If our sending
American warships on triumphant errands
of conquest into the waters of the O'd
"World and our reading the Monroe doc
trine to the Holy Alliance three-quarters
of a century ago were. not acts of partlci
; . pation in politics," we should like
to have such an act described. The pres
ence of the United States among the na
tions may be more felt now than ever be
fore, but it Is no new thing. The United
States "arrived" more than a century ago.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT-Im
agination is as essential to the geologist.
1 the astronomer or the worker in any other
field of science as it is to the novelist or
the poet. It not only permits him to grasp
truth more quickly than a person lacking
this endowment could, but it allows him
to see its relations more clearly and ap
prehend its consequences more accurate
ly. Of course, it enables him to make the
truth known to the rest of the world with
immeasurably greater facility and cer
tainty than a mere plodder could do.
NEW YORK HERALD— The blue water
yachtsmen of the New England seaboard
believe with the Herald that the fickle and
shifty Sandy Hook courses should be
abandoned in the international races.
These men have In memorable contents
furnished the cup defenders, and from
their rock ribbed coasts have come of lata
the haidy crews that man the American
boats. The unselfish patriotism of these
skilled sallormen. should be an inspiration
and an example to the conservative com
mittees of our senior squadron.
PHILADELPHIA TIMES— It is not pos
sible to trace to their sources all the
operative causes which have kept Spain
in a state of unrest, for they touch so,
many and such varied interests that a
measure of value for each of them cannot
be taken. The frenzy of a decaying aris
tocracy, the ambitions of the church, the
impossible aims of the Liberals, the bur
den of taxation, the oppression of a use
less military force degraded to the duties
of a national police and the aspiration* of
the Carlists are the predominating fac
tors.
PHILADELPHIA P.ECORD-Tncreasing
as it is by leaps and bounds, the Russian
trade is certain to become a most import
ant factor in the foreign commerce of
that nation which shall secure the' larger
share. The superiority of American goods,
backed fcy proper vigilance and enter
prise on the part of American manufac
turers, should bring that good fortune to
this country. In the meanwhile any effort
by Germany -to effect a comrctrcial treatv
with Russia to the detriment of this
country's trade should meet with the most
] vigorous opposition on the part of cur
Government.
KANSAS CITY JOURNAL—We have an
idea that the English people take their
politics rather more seriously than do the
American people, notwithstanding the
celerity with ¦which campaigns are bustle*!
throuph. A member t>f Parliament gets
no pay. He serves for the honor of It, or
because he has deep grounded govern
mental convictions which he wishes to put
into play. It perhaps is not disloyal to
our ov.-n institutions to observe that such
a system is calculated to bring true pat
riots to the front. We may readily con
ceive that in our country a different order
of men might seek entrance to Congress
if r.o 3alary attached to the place.
NEW YORK PRESS— The microbe man
is at it again. Undismayed by the riots
of the unnaturalized against compulsory
vaccination, he is looking for still more
; trouble. He has been experimenting In
the laboratory of the Department of Ag
riculture and ha has found present in con
valescents from zymotic diseases a par
ticular en2yme of unformed ferment. Just
what an enzyme is or -what it looks like
Is not evident, but Professor Lopw at
ence contracted a virulent case of new
idea from it. He set the enzyme on a
germ and whispered. "Sick him!" The en
zyme sicked him and the germ evacuated
his kopje and retreated to another prov
ince from this foreign devil.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
roads having terminals in San- fcrancisco ought to
find profitable. If the comparatively [¦ small lines
which center in Boston find it worth their while to
work up* the foreign trade of the city at their own
expense, surely the Santa Fe arid the Southern Pa
cific can perceive an advantage to themselves in co
operating with the Commercial Museum in promot
ing trade with this port. It is a good thing to have
called the attention of foreign Consuls to the work
the museum has undertaken, but.it would be bette.^
to deal with merchants and traders direct. The Bos-'
ton plan has had good results there, and Would doubt
less be equally profitable here..
If this be so, Germany should be undeceived. The
people of this country want peace in China. They
want the integrity of that empire preserved. They
v.-ant the open door through which to reach its trade,
and other nations may as well be informed that this
country will not permit the ignoring of its rights in
these particulars, though reached round-about by
contempt for the rights of China.
He may be merely the agent of the hidden purpose
of other Continental Governments besides his own.
He may not be acting on his own initiative. It may
be that Germany is encouraged by the unchristian
expressions of American missionaries, who have been
in the Middle Kingdom by virtue of the forgery of
the treaty of i860, and so may be proceeding upon the
theory that American sentiment does not back up the
administration of the country in its humane and pa
cific views.
All of this prospect of permanent peace on a basis
that China can assent to without destruction of her
self-respect is destroyed in the germ by the merely
ruffianly course of Von Waldersee.
Americans protest, to a man, against this making
of offensive warfare while diplomacy is trying to se
•:ure peace. We have entered into negotiations with
China, and that alone is an admission of the right of
that nation to speak for itself and to be heard with
respect. On any other basis negotiation is a farce.
Distasteful as occupation of any part of another
country may be to us, we may be compelled to insist
on a legation guard at the Chinese capital in order
that our Minister may not be again exposed to the
danger that beset him from June until August. But
the necessity for such guard will disappear if Peking
be made an open city, in the same sense as the treaty
ports. If the negotiating nations proceed on the line
of reason, and with the purpose of doing justice to
China while exacting it from her, there is no doubt
that this open policy could be finally .secured.
Von Waldersee's present course in sending out
what he calls "punitive expeditions" to raid the coun
try and murder non-combatants is a crime comparable
only with the original Boxer outrages. It is an in
sulting defiance of the known policy of the United
States and is intended to make impossible of accom
plishment the world's desire for peace in China, and
on terms that will not be a reproach to the Western
nations.
Before the Count embarked from Germany for the
sceneof his duties the reduction of Peking was over,
the legations were relieved and the whole issue was
shifted from the military to the diplomatic stand
point. Negotiations for settlement were on, and any
further military aggression became wanton and
malicious, calculated to impede a settlement and im
peril that peace which is the object of the pour parler
into which the nations have entered with China.
GOUNT VON WALDERSEE is in China at all
only as the commander in chief of the allied
forces, which marched to the reduction of Pe
king and the rescue of the legations. The powers,
joined in that emergency, felt the need of a common
action and that the expedition should have one head.
The French commander was a* half-caste negro, and
there were objections to him. Japan waived her right
to ask supreme command for her very able field mar
shal, who was on the ground and in command of her
excellent army. So, finally, it was settled that a Ger
man officer should take command, and the Kaiser
named Von Waldersee, who was accepted by the al
lies. Instead of proceeding to his post of duty and
taking command of the relief column he remained on
exhibition in Germany, catching and throwing bou
quets and mistreating the spirit in which his com
mand had been accepted by the other nations. That
acceptance was no admission of the superiority of
German military organization, and it was not cour
tesy to so treat it. Yet it. was treated in that spirit,
which was a distinct affront to the assenting powers.
VON WALDERSEE'S POLICY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1900.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
J. G. Rothwell arrived at the Occidental
yesterday from a trip to the principal
Eastern cities. Mr. Rothwell has been
getting points on modern hotel manage
ment, as he is the owner of the handsome
new Hotel Moana now being built at Wai
kiki beach, Honolulu.
John D. Spreckels and family returned
to this city yesterday. Mrs. Spreckels and
her children have spent several months in
Europe. They were met In New York by
Mr. Spreckels, who accompanied them
home.
P. J. Glldemeester, one of the proprie
tors of- the big Stelnway Piano Manufac
tory, is among the late arrivals at the
Palace.
Kelly Briggs, owner of the Velveteen
Stock farm, also owner of the racing
horae Velveteen, is at the Russ.
United States District Judge Olin Well
born of Los Angeles is registered at the
Palace. v-: •
John F. Lenagrhan, an extensive East
ern tobacco raiser, is stopping at the
RUS3.
Colonel C. C. Royce bt Chico is at the
California.
T. L. Carothers, the Ukiah attorney, is
at the Lick.
State Senator Thomas-Flint Jr. of Ban
¦Juan Is registered at the Grand.
L. A. Blinn'and wife of Los Angeles are
stopping at the Palace for a few days.
PERSONAL MENTION.
6
AI* OPPORTUNITT.— Take advantage of tha
round-trip steamer tickets, only J69 during No-
vember, Including fifteen days' beard at Hotel
del Coronado. the Ideal summer and winter re-
sort. Apply at 4 New Montgomery »t.. city.
For over three years Frank Senovitz ©J
New Haven, Conn"., paid court to Sophie
Seraphin of Brandford. ten miles distant
He never received much. If any, encour-
agement, and was recently chilled for
good. Now he threatens to have the grirl
arrested unless she refunds him the
money expended for railroad fare and
presents on his weekly visits to Brant-
ford. Miss Seraphin Is willing to return
the gifts, but draws the lirfe* at railroad
fare. Senovitz presented an Itemized bill
for 5300, which Included the price of rail-
road tickets, presents, Icecream, candy
and theater tickets.
Special Information supplied daily to
business ' houses and public men by tb.s
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Mala 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 60c per R> at Townsend'**
Tlvoll— ••Ovallerla" and "PacHacd."
California— Royal Marine Band of Italy.
Orpheum— Vaudeville. ¦
Grand Opera-house — "Flylnr Dutchman."
Alctzar— "lit* Absent Boy."
Columbia— "The Ameer."
Alhatabra— "A Younc Wife."
Olynipia, corner Uaron and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chute?. Zjo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Orpbeuin— Benefit Charity Fund Associated Theitrlcal Mar-
aeer«, 'Jnursday r.rt«rocm, SovrrtfMT 2*.
Fischer's— VauOeville.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We'll send y<« a little to try if yon Ufce. ¦£§
SCOTT & BOWJJE, 409 Pearl street. New Tack.
F,at is the cushior* that na-
ture fills out and surrounds the
little ones with, to protect their
tender parts — the same with
kittens and puppies — fat is not
tender. Fat they must have;
and fat they must be.
If your baby is anyway short
of his rights, give him Scott's
emulsion of cod-liver oil.
FAT BABY
Rev. G. R. Robbins of the Lincoln Park
Baptist Church, Cincinnati, has evolved
an original plan for obviating the diffi-
culty experienced by the mothers or his
congregation, who rather than run the
risk of disturbing the meetings by the
crying of theif babies would remain at
home. He has had the gallery of the
church fitted up with cots, where babies
sleep peacefully, leavlnp the mothers at
liberty to attend the services.
AMUSEMENTS.In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yeitftr
day to Annie L.C. Knack. from Philip A.
Knack for neglect; Catherine Bowie from
James Bowie for: neglect, and ? Joseph TV
Cardoaa from Jennie ; M. G. % Cardoza for
cruelty. Suits; for divorce were filed yes
terday by ; Rosa A. Castronl di ; Castronl
against Guiseppe M. ¦ Castronl di ¦ Castronl
for failure -to jprovide, ¦ John 'H.v Simpson
ngalnst Etta H. ; Simpson for cruelty, and
Dora : KIrchner : against * Julius „• Klrchner
for. cruelty. : - -¦; '- - T^BbbbHII^K
Kittle La -Boy's Complaint.
KlttieLe Roy, 4gVi- Turk street, yrho
says she Is a soubrette, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Mogan's Court yesterday
f or : the arrest of Robert .Gottschalk on a
charge < of " grand larceny. . She 1 aald that
she and • Gottschalk were , friends,' and
Wednesday she j was surprised to discover
that he had broken open her trunk and
stolen $213. He had also destroyed $400
worth ' of • her '.clothing : by cutting ; it • in
pieces with a pair of scissors. A few days
before that ne had gone to the place
where slue kept her jewelry and had ob
tained four of her, diamonds. •
ern Italy arose tho Cisalpine republic,
south of the Po; the Clspadane republic,
and from the wreck of the old Govern
ment of Genoa the IJgurlan republic. At
tho opening of the next year the rule of
the Pope gives place to a Roman repub
lic, revived and organized with fidelity to
the classical model of old Rome, and tho
year following the Parthenopaean repub
lic was established at Naples, comprising
the mainland territory of the Kins of tha
two Sicilies.
Although these republics were short
lived, it was this wholesale parceling and.
reassembling of the Italian states that
kindled the flame of an Italian patriotism
and planted the seed of Italian unity. In
union only could Italians effectually resist
foreign oppressors. The idea of a single
Italian republic, advocated by enlightened,
leaders as early aa 1796, gradually filters
down among the people. No doubt the
tremendous energy and power displayed
by the French republic in Its great strug
gle against the European coalition con
tributed to this result.
In dismembering Venice, too, with aa
little compunction as Prussia and Russia
had felt toward Poland, Bonaparte left
the Italians no illusions in regard to his
policy that would mislead them to rely
on any onj but themselves for seeming
their freedom. The policy of creating a
protective fringe of republics around
France was extended to Switzerland,
where a confederation of states with
much that was feudal and aristocratic in
their constitution was melted Into a
single centralized republic, modeled after
the government of Franca.
The continued activity of the French In
Italy after the treaty of Campo Formio
and the absence of Bonaparte on tho
Egyptian expedition offered the provoca
tion and the opportunity for a new coali
tion against France. The results of the
war that followed on political geography
were Inconsiderable outside of Ger
many. After the battles of Hohen
linden and Marenso, Bonaparte was able
to exact a treaty (Luneville. W)l) from the
Emperor, which retained the essentials of
the treaty of Campo Formio and was in
addition made binding on the empire. It
was no slight humiliation for the Roman
Emperor of the German nation, the em
bodiment of monarchy, to have to Join
with France in guaranteeing the Bata
vlan. Helvetian, Cisalpine and LIgurlan
republics. The Roman and Partheno
paean republics were not revived. In
Tuscany the short-lived kingdom of Etru
ria was erected for the Duke of Parma,
the son-in-law and nephew of the Kins
and Queen of Spain, in compensation for
the compulsory cession to Franca of
Louisiana tho year before.
The treaty of Amiens negotiated with
England In 1S02 brought peace to Europe
after ten years of war (1792-1SQ2). but tha
provisions of the treaty mada no Import
ant changes in the geography of the Con
tinent- EDWARD G. BOURNE.
Yala University.
by absorbing: the city republics, which
are thereby "mediatized"— L e., deprived
of their former position of immediate de
pendence on the Emperor, 'which was sub
stantial independence.
The first results of tha war as seen In
political geography were the conquest
and annexation (1792) of the Austrian
Netherlands (Belgium) and the opening of
the river Scheldt to trade. The ¦ naviga
tion of this river, on which the great
commercial city of Antwerp is situated,
had been prohibited by the treaty of
Westphalia in 1643 as a concession to the
United Netherlands In the Interests of
the commerce of Rotterdam and Amster
dam. In the south, Savoy and Nice wel
comed the entry of French troops, and
the hold of their ancient rulers was
broken. By the opening of 1795 the
French armies were in possession of the
left bank of the Rhine, from Basle to the
North Sea, and the republic found itself
confronted with the problem of expan
sion. A war for humanity had resulted
in conquests and the question arose what
should be done with them. In the midst
of the discussion a member of the con
vention was commissioned to inspect the
lands and to learn the wishes of the peo
ple. He gave a glowing report of the In
dustrial resources and the strategic Im
portance of the territory, and the French
readily believed that the inhabitants were
In favor of incorporation with France.
The pregnant theory of ' "natural boun
daries" now makes its first appearance in
history and the Rhine and the Alps are
declared the "natural . boundaries" of
France.
During this discussion. in regard to the
rightfulness and expediency of annexing
those territories* the treaty of Basle with
Prussia had been -concluded (June. 1795).
Prussia had heen easily induced to relin
quish her claims to her small territories
on the left bank of the Rhine and to
recognize the river as the natural boun
dary of France, provided she were as
sured Indemnification, with some ecclesi
astical states east of the Rhine. The
next year the bishopric of Munster was
agreed upon as the compensation to Prus
sia. The provision of the treaty of
Basle was secret.
The most significant provision of the
treaty, however, so far as Germany was
concerned, was the separation of the em
pire into two parts by a line of- demarca
tion. The states or the empire north,
roufrhly speaking; of the forty-ninth
parallel and of the boundaries of Bavaria
and Bohemia, were to share with Prussia
in the peace, while those south of the lino
were left exposed to attack as *ong as the
war should continue with Austria. ThN
division of the empire Into two parts, one
attached to Austria and the other to
Prussia, was a premonition of its disrup
tion and of that course of events which
seventy years later should culminate In
the North German confederation. Such
an ominous move galvanized Into tempo
rary life the Bentiment of German unity,
and a storm of pamphlets issued from the
press denouncing: the selfish and treason
ably policy of Prussia and declaring a
separate peace perjury to Emperor and
empire.
By' the treaty of The Hague Holland
was stripped of he* territory south of the
Meuse except Zealand and transformed
Into a democratic republic, a pendant and
an ally of France. After following In the
wake of England for a century, her for
tunes for twenty years are now linked
with those of France. "With Belgium an
nexed and Holland under control, tho po
sition of France toward England was Im
mensely strengthened, and the" triumphant
republic; having fulfilled the dreams of
Richelieu and Louis XIV In Kurope, re
solved to ; repair the losses of Louis XV
in America; and demanded, from Spain
Louisiana. The dexterous Godoy was ablo
to parry the stroke by yielding the Span
ish part of San Domingo, which waa ac
cepted as a useful preliminary step to the
greater object. .
Within two years the terrific blows of
Bonaparte brought Austria to her knees,
while the campaigns in Germany had
forced the smaller South German states
to seek for terms by themselves.
In the treaty of Camoo Formio Austria
follows I the example of Prussia and con
cludes an . Individual . peace, leaving to a
congress to discuss the conditions of peacs
between France and the empire. Like
Prussia, too; Austria assents to the estab
lishment of the Rhine as the boundary of
Prance, thus recognizing the ¦ annexation
of Belgium and receiving as an Indemnity
the city of .Venice and the portion of her
territory east of, the Adiee and north of
the Po.with Istria and Dafmatla. The Em
peror also , sacrificed : the Austrian poses
slons In : northern Italy to - form part of
the Cisalpine republic. / For further com
pensation France .was. to support Austria
in securing the immense bishopric of Salz
burg and a" section of Bavaria. -
The Pennsylvania Limited Repre
sents the Cost of Several
• '.< Fine Farms.
r
AH the Conveniences of a Modern
Palatial Residence. .
Few people have a correct Idea of the enor
mous investment represented by a train of
cars. One passenger coach costs as much as a
comfortable home, while the price of a sleep
ing car exceeds that of a palatial residence.
Even the ordinary freight car Is worth con
siderable money, and the usual string of them
represents the value of a large farm. Loco
motives cost well up In thousands of 'dollars,
and Individuals who have never given the
subject any thought will be surprised at the
figures. .
The highest grade of train service In j the
world is maintained on .the Pennsylvania
lines. Coaches used on this vast system do
not cost less than $3000 each. Every part,
metal and wood, is carefully selected and put
together by experts in car building. Ten thou
sand dollars Is certainly a large sum to Invest
In one car. but that amount represents th«
price of a sleeping car.
The equipment of a through train. In ad
dition to the locomotive, usually consists of a
baggage car, an express car and a fast mail
car, followed by a 'compartment parlor smok
ing car, coaches and sleeping cars. Only the
best locomotives,* strong and marvelous pieces
of mechanism, run over the Pennsylvania
lines, and each costs fully {10.000. The bag
gage, express and mall cars are each worth
several thousand dollars; the coaches one
half as much as the locomotive, and the Pull
mans the same as the locomotive, making the
value of a regular train exceed $00,000.
But a $50,000 investment is small when com
pared to tha outlay required to place In
service one train running over the Pennsyl
vania lines. This train, the world-famous
Pennsylvania Limited, Is composed exclusively
of Pullman cars of the highest degree of mag
nificence, and is the most luxurious and most
costly train In service in the world. The money
Invested In It will buy a dozen fine farms.
Persons who' travel on the Pennsylvania
Limited have an opportunity to see to what
extent genius and skill have developed rail
way transportation facilities. The character
and comforts of this famous train represent
the highest standard of excellence attained In
the art of car. construction. The combination
parlor, smoking and library car, the Initial
link of this chain of vestibuled luxury, is
practically a metropolitan club on wheels, com
prising the dolce far niente smoker, buffet and
library, equipped with plush, leather and wil
low loungers, corner cheffonlers supplied with
embossed stationery, card sections, barber shop
and bath, all done in mahogany and gold relief
and damask draperies. -Electric buttons at every
elbow, and ubiquitous attendants emphasize the
club-like convenience.
The second link Is the dining car, mahogany
mirrored, the canopy a dream of decorations in
relief, subdued by stained-glass transoms and
silken window blinds. The snowy tables,
gleaming silver, glinting cut glass, dainty
wares and tempting menus are particularly in
viting. The bill of fare embraces every con
ceit in and out of season. It were superfluous
to say more.
Two drawing-room sleeping cars of the pro
nounced Pullman type follow the dining . car.
Then comes the latest. Pullman triumph — the
compartment sleeping car. with private rooms
and suites, containing lockers, shelves and in
dividual lavatory arrangements, and affording
all the privacies of home. The new compart
ment car. In fact, has provided American tour
ists with all the privileges and pleasures of a
private or special car. The Pennsylvania Lim
ited compartment cars are not only Improve
ments on those exploited at the World's Fair,
but they are finished In still richer woods, dra
peries and carpets. Two spacious drawing
rooms en suite occupy the ends of these cars
boudoir staterooms between, alternating in
woods and colors as to their finish and fur
nishings.
~ The last car of the Pennsylvania Limited Is
the combination drawing-room, parlor and ob
servatory, the two latter-named appointments
comprising the social rendezvous of the passen
gers en route, where frequent fast friendships
are formed, and the "highest types of American
travelers come into casual contact. The library
and the observatory apartments are provided
with the latest : literature, including the stand
ard monthlies and weeklies and dallies of the
principal cities. Writing desks and society em
bossed stationery, are likewise provided in both
apartments, with typewriters and telegraphers
available, and mall-boxes in reach, mail being
collected en route.
The" entire Pennsylvania Limited la Illumi
nated ,wlth - Incandescent electric lights, and
when the thermometer 4 ranges high electric
fans are at the pleasure of the patrons. ¦ ¦
The panorama of American scenery, especial
ly in Pennsylvania, viewed from the canopied
and brass-railed piazza of the observation car.
is unequaled In the railway world. The dash
through the now traditional Conemaugh Valley,
with tn« phentx-llke new- Johnstown, the
crossing of the airy : Alleghanles, the . rounding
of the 1 famous Horseshoe Curve, the romantic
grandeur of the Blue Junlata. the rich pastoral
scenes along : the Busquehanna River, are .car
dinal ' points of ¦ interest.- , The observation, car
on the Pennsylvania Limited Is the only one
running to New York, j :
. This • famous train leaves Chicago Union
Passenger Station every day at 5:30 p. m. Pitts
burs Is reached at 7 o'clock. Eastern time, next
morning, from which point the daylight trip is
through interesting Industrial sections of West'
ern Pennsylvania, over the romantic AHeghany
Mountains, and through the agricultural para
dise "of | the eastern «nd of the - Keystone State.
Harrlsburg Is reached at 1:35 p.' m., * Philadel
phia 4:17 p. mi, New York 6:43 p. m.. Baltimore
4:15 p. m. p and -Washington at 5:30 p. m.
¦i -A : < fmely Illustrated booklet containing'half
tone reproductions from photographs of the In
terior i of the ' train showing it as near to the
real: as the camera can present it, ; will be fur
nished to persons contemplating a trip to New
York -on? application: to A.*S.: J.« Holt, Pacific
Coast agent, 30 Montgomery St., San Francisco,
C*l.v ;¦;.'.- •"¦ f r.;i :•¦.,•¦ ¦- '-¦¦ -'¦' - -.-: : .-.:
WEALTH ON WHEELS.
Cunane Held to Answer.
Prank P. J. Cunane. the thieving postal
clerk at Station D, was held for trial yes
terday-morning by. United States Court
Commissioner Heacock with bonds fixed
at $2000. Cunane was caught by Postofflce
Inspector L. H. Bricker In the act of
stealing a $5 piece from a letter addressed
to W. P. Charters, Astoria, Or.
No One Blamed for Drews' Death.
Coroner Cola held an Inquest yesterday
into the cause of the death of Helnrlch
Drews, who was killed on November 10 by
a shock from an el'ectric lamp In a brew
ery, at the corner of Sixteenth and Va
lencia streets.
Morgue Surgeon Lei and testified that
Drews was afflicted with fatty degenera
tion of the heart, and that for this reason
the 300-volt electric shock killed him. Or
dinarily, said the doctor, from 1200 to 2400
volts are required to kill a healthy man.
The Jury blamed no one.
Randolph W. Apperson, the father of
Mrs. Phebe Hearst and E. C. Apperson,
passed away yesterday at his residence
near Laurence station, Santa Clara
County, at the mature age of 91 years. He
is survived by his wife, Drusllla Apper-
Bon, whose years number 86, but who is
still hale and hearty.
Randolph W. Apperson came of an old
Virginia family and his early years were
passed in that State. When a young man
he emigrated to Missouri and engaged In
farming in Franklin County, his land
holdings being extensive.
About thirty-five years ago Me. Apper
son came to California and has resided
since then at his residence near Laurence
station. While never engaging in politics,
he was a life-long Democrat. His was a
life well spent and the many friends he
leaves will feel a keen regret at his tak
ing off. .
The funeral, which will be private, is to
take place this afternoon from th© Pres
byterian church at San Jose.
Peaceful Termination of a Long Life
Spent in Quiet Amid Rural
Scenes and Occupa
tions.
Randolph W. App9rson Dies
at the Ripe Age of
Ninety-One Years.
DEATH CLAIMS
THE AGED FATHER
OF MRS. HEARST
• Plans for readjusting the Congressional
and Legislative districts of California will
engage the attention of the Republican
caucus- of the incoming Legislature.
Should it be deemed advisable the Equal
ization Railroad districts may be changed
by the Legislature. The chief interest of
the apportionment for the next decade
will attach to the readjustment of Con
gressional district boundaries. Every pol
itician who aspires to a seat in Congress,
as well aa every member" of Congress
elect, has an apportionment scheme. The
caucus will find the task of pleasing the
politicians a most difficult one, but the
people will be satisfied with a plain, sim
ple apportionment, in which constitutional
requirements of equality as regard* popu
lation and compactness of contiguous As
sembly districts shall be recognized.
There cannot be much juggling bo far as
San Francisco is concerned, because the
constitution (section 27, article 4) says:
Bee. 27. When a Congressional district shall
be composed of two or more counties it shall
not be separated by any county belonging to
another district. No county, or city and county,
shall be divided in forming a Congressional
district so as to attach one portion of a county
or city and county to another county or city
and county, except in caaea where one county,
or city and county, has more population than
the ratio required for one or more CongreeB*
men; but the Legislature may divide any
county, or city and county, into as many Con
gresalonal districts as it may be entitled to
by law. Any county, or city and county, con
taining a population greater than the number
required for one Congressional district, shall
be formed Into one or more Congressional ills
trlcts, according to the population thereof, a*id
any residue alter forming such district, or dis
tricts, shall be attached, by compact adjoining
Assembly districts, to a contiguous county or
counties, and form a Congressional district.
In dividing a county, or city and county, into
Congressional districts no Assembly District
¦hall be divided so as to form »•. part of more
than one Congressional district, and every
such Congressional . district shall be composed
of compact contiguous Assembly districts.
It is the impression of leading politi
cians that Congress, in providing the ap
portionment under toe new census, will
not increase the numerical strength of the
House of Representatives. The number
will probably remain as it is and the ratio
of population be increased. San Francisco
has not a population sufficient to entitle
her to two Representatives in Congress.
Los Angeles County falls short of the
requisite number of inhabitants for one
member. For purposes of representation
in the Legislature the Chinese population
cannot be reckoned. Thia practically de
prives San Francisco of one Senator and
two Assemblymen. In computing for Con
gressional representation the Legislature
has the right to include the Chinese pop
ulation.
"Will Receive the Banner.
To-morrow evenins the Republican Al
liance Club of Oakland will bring to this
city the "Denison banner." The al
liance, in uniform, will be received at the
ferry with a band and escorted to the
Union League Club rooms, Palace Hotel.
Felton Taylor, president of the alliance,
will introduce Dr."«George C. Pardee. The
latter will make the presentation speech
on behalf of the Alliance Club. Alfred
Bouvier, chairman of the Republican
County Committee, of San Francisco, will
receive the emblem of victory and respond
to the eloquent remarks of Dr. Pardee.
In closing Mr. Bouvier will place the ban
ner In the keeping of the Union League
Club. A. O. Booth, president of the
league, will receive it. There will be mu
sic by Cassaaa's orchestra and the Union
League quartet. Among the speakers list
ed for the event are: Colonel George
Stone, president of the Republican State
Committee; General W. H. L«. Barnes,
Samuel M. Shortridge, Tirey L. Ford and
Senator-elect R. S. Lukens of Alameda
County. The public is invited to be pres
ent.
Following is a copy of a communication
from President Booth to the alliance:
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. H. 1900.
Gentlemen: The Union League Club of San
Francisco Bends greeting and a very cordial
invitation to be present on the evening o"
November 17, 1900, at Its club rooms, Palaci*
Hotel, San Francisco, on the occasion - of Uia
delivery by your club of the "Denlson Ban
i.er," so called, to the Union League Club of
San Francisco. A public reception will b«
given by the Union League Club In honor of
this (to San Francisco) very Important event,
in which you are earnestly requested to par
ticipate. Very truly yours,
A. Q. BOOTH,
President of the Union League Club of San
Francisco.
To the officers and members of the Republican
Alliance of Oakland.
An invitation has also been extended to
the Republican County Committee of San
Francisco and the Kepublican State Com
mittee.
The promoters of the affair particularly
desire that .the Bear Club of San Fran
cisco shall join in the demonstration. The
following communication has been for
warded to the officers and members of the
Bear Club:
• SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 13. 1900.
Gentlemen: A public reception is to pe given
by. the Union League Club of San Francisco
at its club rooms, PalaO Hotel, on Saturday
evening, November 17, 1900, at 8:30 o'clock, at
which time the club will receive, as custodian,
the "Denlson Banner," bo called, now owned
and held by the Republican Alliance of Oak
land. Sen Francisco is entitled to the banner
by reason of returning the largest majority of
any county In the' Btatefor the Republican
electors at the recent election, and the Union
League Club has been chosen as Its custodian
until such time as Ban Francisco fails v%
maintain her present leadership. The Repub
lican Alliance of ¦ Oakland, In uniform, will
bring the banner to San Francisco. The- Union
League Club desire your aid and co-operation
in making this event memorable In San Fran-
Cisco, -and to that end Invite your splendid
uniformed rank to act aa an escort to tie
Republican Alliance upon their arrival in Ean
Francisco on Saturday evening next. We al&o
desire your president, Mr. Collins, to say a
few words on behalf of the Bear Club. Veiy
truly yours. A. O. BOOTH,
- President, of the Union League Club. "
Political Personals.
Thomas Flint Jr.; State Senator repre
senting the counties of Monterey and San
Benito, is in the city. He will be again
chosen president pro tern, of the Senate.
Thomas L. Carothers of Ukiah, »a lead
ing Republican of Northern California, ar
arrived in the city last evening. s
"W. 'C. Ralston, Assemblyman-elect to
represent Calaveras County, Is in San
Francisco. 'S^SSSeSSSSSESBB
San Francisco Has Population Very
Nearly Sufficient to Entitle the
City to Two Con
'¦• gressmen.
Every Leading Politician
Has His Own Scheme
of Apportionment.
WORK CUT OUT
FOR CAUCUS OF
REPUBLICANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1900.
This treaty sounded the knell of th«
holy Roman empire, and made its disso
lution only a question of time. The deg
radation of Germany was complete when
the empire was recognized as the com
mon spoil of Austria and France. The
process by which it was to be swallowed
up is so clearly stipulated in the seventh
of the secret articles that it must be
quoted: "It Is understood between the
two contracting: powers that If. in ar
ranging the pending peace with the Ger
man empire, the French republic shall
make an acquisition in Germany, his Ma
jesty the Emperor. King of Hungary and
of Bohemia, shall obtain an equivalent
there and conversely, it his royal and im
perial Majesty makes an acquisition of
this kind, the French republic shall simi
larly receive an equivalent" Article
twelve, too. provided that the different
princes and states of the empire which,
should suffer losses of territory in conse
quence of this treaty or the one with' tha
empire should obtain "appropriate in
demnities in Germany." No wonder Na
poleon wrote: "If the German empire did
not exist it would have been necessary to
create it expressly for our advantage. A
sentiment the Emperor might echo, for
Austria, defeated in five campaigns,
emerged with territories enlarged and
compacted, and provided with access to
the sea by the Adriatic
In Italy the changes were no 1ms mo
mentous. Bonaparte broke loose from the
control of the Directory and silenced oppo
sition by the success of his campaigns
and the richness of the plunder he sent
back. The Directory were satisfied with
the results of the peace of Basle and did
not design the wholesale reconstruction of
Italy, but Bonaparte conceived the plan
of protecting the territory of France by
an outer line of buffer states, "sister re
publics," and from the states of North-
The war which broke out in 1732 be
tween revolutionary France and . Austria
after the establishment of the French re
public in September of that year took
on the aspect of a crusade for liberty.
On November 19 this decree was Issued:
"The national convention declares in the
name of the French nation that it will
assist and recognize as brethren all peo
ples who want their liberty, and charges
the executive to give the generals the
necessary orders to . assist these peoples
and to defend citizens who have been or
are likely to be maltreated for the cause
of liberty." In less than a month this
offer of assistance becomes compulsory
and peoples whose lands are occupied by
French troops must be given a French
and a republican administration whether
they want it or not.
In the face of such a policy every mon
arch in Europe felt threatened and in
secure. Old Europe confronted the revo
lution, massed its forces for resistance,
but was forced to bend to the storm,
which cleared the ground of much vener.
able rubbish, sweeping clean out of exist
ence the ecclesiastical states of Germany
and hundreds of its petty sovereigns.
Repeatedly we see AuBtrla and Prussia
rising from defeat with enlarged terri
tories. This curious result came about
by the peculiar process of transformation
in the empire represented by the words,
"indemnification, "secularization" I and
"medlatizatlon." If Prussia or Austria
lose provinces contiguous to France they
indemnify themselves by annexing some
of the smaller states of the empire.
Again the secular princes indemnify
themselves by acquiring ecclesiastical
states, which are thereby ''secularised," or
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.
WAR GEOGRAPHY OF EUROF»E.
The Heart of Europe in 1789.
v.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE MAP OF EUROPE MADE BY NAPOLEON
7
AMUSEMENT S.
fiRSDAY.Nov.M
AT HIGH NOON,
SECOND ANNUAL. BENEFIT In Aid of
CHARITY FUND
OP THE
ASSOCIATED
THEATRICAL
MANAGERS
AT THE ORPHEUM.
Attractions From EVERY THEATER!
CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE!
MOROSCO'S — Prominent artists from the
Maurice Grau Grand Opera Company.
COLUMBIA — Frank Daniels and leading
members of his company.
TIVOLI— Bright bit* from 'The Jolly Mus-
k«-trer" and Cotlamarini, Russo, Salassa and
Nleollnl.
CALIFORNIA— The Royal Marine Band of
Italy.
ALHAMBRA— McCoy Sisters and Bam Mar-
lcn.
ORPHEUM— The principal etars of the bill.
ALCAZAR — Act from "The Railroad of
Love."
CHUTES— An acrobatic novelty.
OLYMPIA— An up-to-date vaudeville feature.
PEICES. • ";.'- :
Ertlre Ground Floor. Including Box Seats, $2.
Balcony, IL
Tickets Now on Sale at Every Theater.
NEW SHOW! JEW PEOPLE!
ANNA EOYD, MB. AND MBS. DAN
HIATT, WM. J. HYNES, THE
DUNHAM FAMILY, JES-
SIE COUTHOUI. •
NORAH BAYES. PRELLES TALKING
DOGS. DOLAN AND LENHARR.
Reserved Seats. 2Sc; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Beats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
COLUMBIAN
ONLY ONE TROUBLE.
THE HOUSE IS TOO SMALL TO HOLD
ALL WHO WANT TO BEE
FRANK DANIELS
In Victor Herbert's Latest Comic Opera
Success,
THE AMEER
Seats now selling for all remaining perform-
ances this .and next week.
Every NUrbt. including Sunday— Matinee Sat
TO-NIGHT, "WAGNER NIGHT."
A SUPERB BILL BY THE
ROYAL MARINE BAND OF 'ITALY
PROGRAMME — 1. March. "Tannhaiiser"
(Wagner), t. "Albumblatf (Wagner). 3. Harp
t^lo. selected, Elgnor Sctaro. 4. Baritone solo,
j "Evening Star" (Wagner). Slgnor De Titta.
£. "Lohengrin." -irrand selection (Wagner). In-'
1 cidehtal solo by Sir- Di Glrolamo. II— «.
j March. "Larrlme dl GiORa" (Mlnolittl). 7.
Tenor solo, selected, Slgnor Giannlni. 8. "Ber-
! reuse jocelyn" (Godard), solos by Slgnorl Dl
Glrolamo and De Titta. 9. "La. Glaconda," Act
III (Ponchlnelll). prelude and "Dance of the
Hours." . •
Usual Popular Prices — 76c, 60c, 25c
Don't Forget the POPULAR MATINEE TO-
MORROW. A Programme Especially Arranged
for the Ladies.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
19Qfr-WINTER MEETING— MM.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
NOV. *D TO NOV. 1TTH. INCLUSIVE.
. OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racine Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thnr*
£ay . Friday and Saturday. Rain or salsa.
rive or more races each day.
Races start at >:1S p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at U m. and
VtM, L 1:J0l *. *30 • Dd . * P- ro-. connecting
wltb trains stopping at the entrance to th*
track. Last two cars on train res/rred for
ladles and their esccrts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Ebeil Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cart at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land Also all trains via Alameda molo con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
co direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4-45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR-» President.
R. B, MILROT. Secretary. I
Tiie people's preference as shown at the recent
election for Republican principles is equally as
great for the "American" clear Havana cigar.*
LAST WEEK OF GRAND OPERA.
TO-NIGHT'. TO-NIGHT: TO-NIGHT!
"CAVALLERIA'^ii "PAGLIACCI"
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
"MICNON."
COLL.AMAUINI as MIOXON.
Ts-memw Emiag. "OTHELLO."
End of tte Seasoa Sunday Night "CAREEN."
NEXT MONDAY— Gala Opening of the Comic
Op<>ra Season.
Stupendous Scenic Production of
"tmk jolly mushetebh."
POPULAR TRICES 25c and 60c
aYH EAT R £rA>
THREE ACYCL0NE0F ™ !
nights His Absent
MATXflEI ROV 1
TO-K0BH0W WV/V •
ted W71TDAT.
Next Week-Atirustln Daly's Charming Comedy
THE RAILROAD OF LOVE.
«LF EIXINCHOtTSB.. Proprietor and Manager
PHOXE BOCTH 771).
——ANOTHER 1JLAZE OF GLORY — *
SUCCESS FOLLOWS SUCCESS!
Every Evening Tbls^Week.^
T TO OUR I-ADT PATRONS: JDON'T :
: MISS THIS SATURDAY MATINEE I :
'See'cVa l" A ttraction o'ffereJl.
The PoDUlar Comedian
. FRANK TASXEHILL— ;
And HI* Excellent Company in the Great
Eastern Succew
"A YOUNG WIFE!"
A TRULY GREAT PERFORSIANCE!
Evervbody's Verdict— Yount and Old.
Eveclnu 15* 2Ja 3Sc. 50c and 75c
liatinee I5c. 25e. S5c and Mo
Vext Sunday Afternoon— The World-Beater.
HOTTS "A STRANGER IN KEW YORK."
First Time Ever at Popular Prices
CHUTES ANDZOO.^e^iTT
VAUDEVILLE.
TO-MORROW KIGHT^ BI6 CAKEWALK.
SUNDAY CANNON
IN POSES PLASTTQUES.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
PIQrHFR'5 CONCERT HOUS£.
Face!, Puerarl, Allesandronl. Irene and
Beatrice. Harry Walton, the Morrises, Claire
y*x and »econd act of "Trarlata." ¦:, • ¦¦
Reserved seats, SSc Matinee Sunday.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Helvetia Swiss
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. SWITZERLAND. OX TKE
31st day of December, A. D. 189>, and rar
the year ending: on that 6ay, as made to ths
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by-Company $638 825 00
Cash In Company's Office 453 75
Cash In Banks 106.6S9 31
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Leans 3.29167
Premluir.s In due Count of Collection. 107,151 7s
Total Assets .(91$, 421 Si
LIABILITIES. "
Lctses adjusted and unpaid $16,522 3S
Lo«e» ia process of Adjustment or
in Suspense- M, 473 70
Losses resisted. Including expenses..,. 5,917 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, J37f>,f.42 47;
1 reinsurance CO per cent 1S8.421 2i
Grots rremiums on Fire Rifks run-
ning more than one year. $113,456 »2;
reinsurance pro rata 66,920 16
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 11.38123
All other demands against the com-
pany :.......... M.441 91
Total Liabilities .*3S7,10» 13
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flra
premiums 1423,113 23
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Leans and from all '
other sources » J7,l«i IS
Total Income SttO.277 41
EXPENDITURES. ,,_¦
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
eluding $24,824 69, looses of previous
years) $285,367 47
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 114.345 67
Paid ' for Salaries. Fees) and other
charireB for officers, clerks, etc 3,000 CO
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes. • 19.088 55
AH other payments and expenditures. 17,386 21
Total Expenditures $419,187 00
' Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the year $318,943 62
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year *59,940,800 3390,644 42
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 47.048.299 457.158 it
Net amount In force
December 31, 1899 47.61L439 490.299 39
BAML. F- WEED of Weed & Kennedy.
United States Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to beforo me. this 27th
day of January. 1900. F. FISHBKCK,
Notary Public.
SYZ & CO/, General Agents,
801 California Street.
After-Theater Refreshments.
The completeness of the ' arrangements
made for your entertainment in the Sup-
per Room can be estimated when It is
known that the attributes ressonslble for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are In -
evidence here. Delightful music, prompt
service, moderate charges. Open every
evening (Sundays excepted) from 9:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from the court and
main office.
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
DR.PIERCES I
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
FOR THE™
BLOOD.IIVER,UJNGS.|
J^dH^&nl BfB f 8 '¦ a non-pofionotm
.L'ljaMlP 11 ''ftlJl remedy for Gonorrhoea,
O\rrt, Spermatorrhoea,
Whlteg. unnatural dlj-
rnKSB OnirtBtMd H charges, or any infutnms-
KM not to «triotar*. tion, irritation or olcera-
j£-4rr*Teau eooufin. tion of mucous mem-
RSimEvm CheuicuCo, brands. Non-astringent.
lflgAciHCimTI.O.HEl *« ld b * »ru B *i«ta,
OM^ tt b x. J3Mi OT 8Pnt ln Plain wrapper,
' J!QkA^_ ~*^HH - *>? expreos. prepaid, for
tl.00, or 3 bottles, £2.79.
I^8P'« V ¦ --- :ular sent on requwt*
i^g^bEWEY,STTONG&CO.^g^
K ?PAT_ENTS^
MARKET ST. Sf. ?$£%r
MOROSCO'S GR\ND OPERA-HOUSE.
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
To-Night at S."Tte Flying Dutchman"
OadFkl. Olitzka, Diri*!. Blass. B»r« and
cinder Mr. \Talter Damrwch
U T "o W - m.««;. -LUCIA DI LAMMEK-
MOOU"— Mclba. Bauermeist^r. 6coUt. liars,
jourr.et. Matiero and Crcmoninl.
CcMurtor P»*- Mandnrfll
Tomorrow evening. -LOHENGRIN" — N£r-
<iiea and Schumann-Heink: Van Dyck, ts\s-
rh>m Muhlmann and Ed. de Reszke.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrwch
SPECIAl^-PrNDAT EVG— POPULAR NIGHT
"IL TnOVATORE >f -Xer<llea, Van Cauteren
and Oiitzka; Campanari. Journet, Masiero and
EMppeL , .
Pricec tl fl. S3. Performances as complete
In detail and Mwmble as the regular subscrip-
tion nifffci*.
NEXT WEEK. jr> j
Mrnday. "LA BOHEME"— Melba, Frltzi
FchefT; Cremonint. Campanari. oillibert.
Conductor --SIR- MancJnrtU
Tu*-*<Jay "DON GIOVANNI"— Nordica. Fritzl
Fcheff and Gadrtcl; Ed. de Keszke, Salignac.
1'ini Corsi, Journ*-t and Scottl.
Conductor S1 K . Manclnelli
Wertnesday.'TAXXHAUSER"- Gadefcl. Oiitz-
ka and Susan Strong; Van Dyck. Blass. Bars.
Hubbenet Muhlmann and David Blepham.
CoiKJurtor Mr. Walter Dammscn
Thxrs<lay. "ROMEO ET JULIETTE"— Mel-
ba, Bridewell, Bauenneister: Ed. de Reszke,
riancon. Cars. Sixes. Gillibert and fialeia.
Condu<Tor S!*. Manctnelli
Fridar. "GLI rGONITTI"— Nordica, Olltzka,
Bauermelster, Van Cauteren and Suzanne
Adams: Dinpel. Plancon. Scotti, Bars and Ed.
<\e n<-*zke. - .
ConductT M - n°n
Saturday matinee. "LOHEKGIUK" — Oadskl
nnd Pchumacn-Heink; Van Dyck, Blspham,
Muhlmann and Ulass.
Conductor ....Mr. Walter Damroseh
Saturday ever.JnK, "FAUST"— Melba, Bauer-
rr.e!i>ter and Honier; SaJeza. Catnpanari,
rmfriche and Ed. <le Reszke.
i "inductor Slg.Mancinelli
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium. Prices
J2 to JT. General adir.SsFton, Q.
WEEER PIANO USETX
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The short notice to move the immense stock of New Goods which we were daily re- .
ceiving leaves us no alternative, but COMPELS US TO SACRIFICE our HIGH CLASS ]
CLOTHING at about HALF THEIR ACTUAL VALUE. :||
We Must Sell I Now or Never ! |
HUNDREDS OF . j
These are onlv a few of the hundreds of bargains "to be found on our counters. ?h\
Child's $6.00 and £7.00 Cape Coats now
Child's $5.00 Reefer Suits now selling $l.O.j
Boys' $8.00 Long Pants Suits now JJ4.0S
Boys' $11.00 Long Pants Suits now SfG.SS
$1.00 and $2.00 Bar Coats now 25c
75c Underwear now 35c
fgi* UNDERWEAR AND FURNISHINGS—
b 50c ON THE DOLLAR!
Men's $10.00 Suits, small sizes, now '. ...$4.«35 '
Men's $12.50 All-wool Suits now $0.85 ,
Men's $16.50 Suits now $9.85 j
Men's $4.00 Dress Pants now $l.'8r5 ,
Men's $12.50 Overcoats nowi , $7.90 1
Men's $20.00 Dress Suits now $11.45 [
CHILDREN'S CLOTHING
ALMOST GIVEN AWAY.
THIS IS POSITIVELY THE GREATEST BONA-FIDE MONEY LOSING SALE ever inaug-
urated but we are compelled to move, as I. Magnin & Co. will occupy these stores.
FIXTURES FOR SALE CHEAP.
RESERVED. £|^^J*^pj|* MOVE,
¦*¦¦
v
Cobbler Seat Rocker
In M*logiaia»* Birth »r Oak Tialii.
A good, comfortable rocker—
suitable for tho parlor or dining-
room.
We carry a compTete lin» O f
. everything in the furniture line.
Credit extended.
BRII_.LI/\INT'S,
338440-842 POST 8TBEET.
NcaJ_PewglK_^_____ : p I )« a Brmim.PORTLAND. Nov. 16.— Foreign wheat ex
ports from Portland for the week ending to
day were 504,483 buehels. Wheat steady, but in
active; Walla Walla, 64%@55o; blue stem, 57o.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Nov. 15.-Clearlng», 1424,401;
balaactt. J44.411.
Portland's Business.
NEW TORK. Nov. 15.-The cotton market
was decidedly more active and stronger to-day.
p . ri ££ 8 . on the opening call showed an advance
?5>a«" Points and there was a further gain of
W-.v points before the upward movement was
arrested by selling to secure profits. The mar
ket closed firm at a net advance of 15©27 points.
New York Cotton Market.
CHICAGO. No\-. 15.— CATTLE— RecelDts. 9000.
including -400 Texans and 200 Westerns. Good
to choice strong to 10c higher. Good to prime
steers, $5 40^5 SO; poor to medium. $5 25@3 50;
selected feeders, $3 75@4 35; mixed stocked.
J; £2^? S? : cows, $2 70@4 25; heifers, choice.
a in i • cal ' ne rs. Jl C0@2 60; bulls. $2 25©
4 40; calves. $1@5 75; Texas fed steers, $4@5;
J3 35©4 15; bulls. J2 S0@3 35.
•7 ™« a— Receipts to-day, 33.000; to-morrow.
J.7.OO0, estimated : left over. 4000. . Market 10c
niRlier, closing Bhade easier. Top. J5 05; rolxei
?i c«^ u hers< $4 705 ' 5 05 : eooA to choice heavy.
5-- ™? 5 J roush '' p avy. J4 65(f?4 75; light, 70
bllthP- Receipts, 16,000. Sheep, steady to
shade lower; heavy ms, 10c lower: lambs. 6®
10c lower. Good to choice, wethers, J4®4 30;
..A 0 cholce mixed. J3 75®4 10; Western sheep.
Uific i2a; native !ambs, J4 3505 30; Western
lambs, t5@5 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
-J 711 . 6 "-*— • Nov. Mar. -June
"P* 1 ? 111^ 20 15 2180
C1 £! ln B .20 25 2180
r lour—
OPf 1 ?'"* ••••• 26 10 27 90
Closing =6 30 27 90
mm LIVERPOOL.
Or!Tntn^~ DeC ' " F « b MaX '
Opening ..5 11*4 ' 6%
losing :::s u% :::: 1%
Foreign. Futures.
njfV^fJ w ** active; creamery. 15@244c; dairy.
12H@13c Cheese, active, 10@mic Eggs, active;
Iresn, 27c>
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
THE STOCK MARKET . j
•*-—*- " — :— *
Local stocks ' and bonds were unchanged on
the ¦ Bond ,' Exchange. ' . ¦ ,
' The oil .stocks -continued ¦* quiet.', '•
.•¦-The. Oakland; Gas i Company . paid a dividend
of 1 25 cents ¦ per. share } yesterday."? ." :
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone and., Tel-
and County of San Pranc sco to Bertha
Schwartz. ' lot on N line of Butter street 11^
E of Lacuna, E 27:6 by X 120; |__ r ** t# U0
Harriet M. Sherman to Frank p " gh.
lot on W line of Buchanan street iof1?^?r
Jackson. S 9 inches by W SO; »1O C
Same to same, lot on TV line of Buchanan
street. 76:6 S of Jackson. S 25:8 by TV gO^fSS
lots 2310 to 2314. 2343 and 2343. Gift Man 4- lift
Robert D. and Jennie Cranston to John t
and Mary A. Redmond, lot on N line of HaJs-ht
ctreet. 112:6 TV of Devisadero, TV 25 by N U?:6;
German Savings and Loan Socletv ?« t
property; also lot on TV line of Douglass street
110 N of Seventeenth. N 27 by TV 135- s-ift '
Kate L. Logan (Blanchard) (wife of R. a.1
to William B. Prlngle. lot on SW lfn" e of
|tcaart_ street 1S3:4 SE of Mission. SE iy.U) by
• John il.' Gregory to same, same: HO
Maximilian A.. Max H. and Emlie H Grtiar
Leonie C. J. Pecher (arlsar) sj^ Albert J.*L.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
GALL CALENDAR.
NO\*EMBER. 1800.
-.; Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15,000
Wheat, bushels .....134.000 : r.« 0(10
Corn, bushrls ...... ....... ..227,000 4fi2.OfK>
Rye bushels ................ 20.000 • s nno
Barley, bushels 41.000 tOJOQO
On the Produc. Exchano| to-day th. butter
Cash quotations were an follows: Flour.
I dull and eauy: No. 3 spring wheat. 6SUtfJ73c:
No.. 2 red. 73fl73'Nic; No. 2 corn. 39Vii!5P3!)',tc; No.
2 yellow. 39>;ft384c: No. 2 oat*. 23Q23Uc; No.
2 white. 26c: No. 3 white. :<®26Hc: fair to
choice malting barley. 5C<SC2c: No. 1 flaxsecd.
»l .601 77; No. 1 Northwestern. II 77; prime
i lm ?i h , J l 9Mi6: * 4 25: mM '' Pork, per barrel,
lid C2'i^lO 75; lard, per 100 pounds. $7 2037 23*
short-rib sides Hoose). $« 90«i7 25; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). $5 624®5 76; short . clear
sides (boxed). »6.80®€ M; whisky, basis of high
whies. Jl 27: sugars, cut loaf, «.U.c; granulated,
5.. Re; confectlonem' A, 6.C5c; off A, 6.45c; clover,
contract grade, $10. ..
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November 72 T2\L 71T4 72?4
December 72tf 72% ' 71% 72»t
January 73Vb 73V4 72% 73%
Corn No. 2 ¦
November 89H 39V4 89 S9H
December 35% 2«H S5% a«
May WH *«!» ««H .36%
Oats No. 2—
November .... .... 21%
December 22 22H 21% 22
May 2V 24U 23% I 24H
Me«s -Pork, per barrel-
November 10 30 10 65 10 30 10 65
January .....1165 11824 11 62*4 'll 92%
May 1170 1185 11 « 1185
Lard, per 100 poundi»—
May (5 95 7 02^4 8 90 7 00
November 7 12H 7 20 7 10 7 20
December 6 92H 7 05 B 924 7 05
January « 85 « 974 8 85 6 B74
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
November .... .... .... 7 00
1 January 8 20 6 83 6 20 6 85
May 6 274 6 40 6 274 C 874
EASTERN MARK£TS.
! CHICAGO. Nov. lB.-At the beginning of the
j tension the talent beheld a paradox, the market
J steadying on bearish news. Liverpool fully
I reflected the decline here yesterday and short*
1 taking advantage of the liquidation which was
renewed in a moderate way on this fact cov
ered to insure profits. Thus December, which
had opened Jie lower at 72%c to ,72V4c. rallied
I to ,2»»c. This brought out more wheat, with
j the result that December dropped to 71?ic the
1 low price for the day. Here the market gave
j evidence of having been sold to the last specu •
, latlve- bushel and prices steadied with a Jerk.
The long wheat which shorts had grabbed at
the start was less In evidence. An Argentine
cable reported forty p«r cent damage to the
crop of that country, and while this was de
nied by others later, lt had its effect among
rhorts. The opening of recently closed mills
at Minneapolis also had Us effect, and Decem
ber advanced to 72=K,@729ie, around which fig
ures the market held steady the remaining
hour of the session.
Corn was able to stand alone and did so.
helped by a good shipping demand and stiff
backed attitude maintained by a younr opera
tor c-edlted with being In control of the mar
ket. December closed a shade higher at 35ft®
26c.
Oats w*re quiet and firm. December closed
unchanged at 22c.
Strength and fair amount of acttvlty held
sway In the provisions pit. Packers and com
mission houses were liberal buyers, largely to
cover shorts. The market was Influenced by a
run of hogs 7000 under the estimate, nnd a
Fharp advance In prices at the stockyards.
January pork closed 32V4c over yesterday; lard
He higher and ribs 20c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
The rr*»ru.-« hs* rcJlen rapidly aior,g the
"^o 64 Ircaj r £I >» Meni&ctno northwanl to Knh
Etr- A», area o( Jrw pressure 1» apparently
coa.ir* in ca the North Par.Sc Cc*« end con
i|tlcia ire favorable for a fairly good rain
a^ong the c/*rt frcm Point Ccncest'oa north-
P-aln 1» r-w fallir* tt the rnosth cf th»
Cclumbla River.
T^e ter-.r-^sture has r*s*in;4 r ,«*r:y rta
tloaary west cf the Ro;ky MoBsuins. er-* v t
!n Washirgton and Northern Oregon, frhere
there has been a r»rsH rise.
The •restlter !» r"n»ral!y "clcru4y and threat
er.irg en tte cc«« frota PoJst CosceytSos
rcnhtrarS.
Forecast made at Ean Fr«r^sc<s for thirty
hour* er.<llnr rr.iiElght No-.erct-?r :(¦
North'^-n CaUforcla— Cloa<5>- TrM»y. or»t»b 1 y
!l>rht rain; freth nouthean win^e »w-o«o.y
6outhr-r^ Cftl-fornia-CJou^y, ltr**i*.-l~r Trl-
** nerI > - . char^lrg to .•x«i«ny,
Nevada — Cloady Fr'.'lsy.
Utah — Cloudy Fri-iay.
Arizona — C'loudy Friday,
fcan Francisco and vicinity— CtoSt Frl'ay
with rain; freih touthe*rt «:ni. *"-*r.
ALHXANL»ER O. KcADIE,
Forrcazt OfCrlil.
FORECAST.
WEATHEB condit:o::e antd general
I I-art I This | Lart
STATIONS. :*« Hourt Season. , S-aeon.
Eureka i M 8.*s I j.s
vjk B:-jrr .... j.n 1.33
Ftcraaerto .... i.;s «.O4
Fsn Frcsc^^o I 2.1J • S CT
Tt**tm I .... .« . j. M
Indej-er.Ce^ce j .... .si \.u
FS3 L'J'.s C'tifpo.... .... 1.& I 4..-I
Lea Arf»:» .... .a I 1.59
Kan Tj-.*gn ; .2t j ,S4
Another car. of v Eastern; Poultry, came In.
making -< eight thus far this week. -and sale*
were made at 13c for Turkeys, "• $3 BO for Ducks.
$2 for Getse, 14 for Hens ' and old Roosters,
Poultry and' Game.
POTATOES— River Ited*. limSOc; Burbanks.
2r.i{f50r: for River and S5ci?$l IS per ctl for
Salinas and 60@90c for Oregon: Sweets, 4Q@60c
for Hlver unrt '<iorsOc for iierr«"d. ¦
ONIONS— $1 15@1 40 per ctl ; Pickle Onions, 40
<a.V)i.: per sack. • - . ¦-¦ ¦
. 1 VEGETABLES-Oreen Peas. H4@5c per'lb;
8trlng Beans,: l»,5@5c; Limas, 3©3%c per lb;
Cabbage, 90c;* Tomatoes. 15<3>73o; Egg Plant.
40<Jf50c per box; Green Peppers. "jtfrSOe per box
for Chill and 40i@>50c for Bell; Dried Peppers.
10<i?15c; Carrots, 25©35c per sack; Summer
Squash. 65c -per box for > Los. Angeles; Cucum
bers, 40®60c for Alameda;. Garlic. 4@5c per lb;
Marrowfat Squash, $7<&"10 per. ton.
Peas and Beans from Los Angeles arrived
overheated and cooked, which accounts for the
lower prices. Considerable had .to bo dumped.
Other . vegetables , stood about, the same.
Onions are firm at the advance.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax, $2 25@2 40; Canary,
3%c per lb for California and. 4a for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9@9%c; Rape, 2%@3c; . Hemp, 4@4%c:
Timothy. 4<ff4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $202 60; Green. $2 250
2 76 per ctl; Blackeye. $2®2 50.
Potatoes, Onions %nd Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 6o@2 80; Small White, $3 90
04; Large White, $2 9<Wj>3 15; Pink, $1 80®2; Red.
$2 75®3; Blackeye, $.if: 15; Lima, $5 20@5 30;
Pea. $3 90<ff4 10; Red Kidneys. $3 50@3 75.
Arrivals of Beans continue to decrease, but
the market Is well supplied and prices show no
Improvement.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDL1NUS-$16 50@19 60 per ton. •
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15 50<gl6 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25026; Job
bing, $26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $176-18: Corn Meal,
$26^27; Cracked Corn, $26 50Q27 50: Mixed, Feed.
$15016.
HAY — Volunteer, $5@8; Wheat, $U@13 50:
Wheat and Oat, $10012 50: Oat. $»®11 50:
Clover. ' $5(87; Alfalfa. $6 60@8 50; Barley. $70
9 per ton.
STRAW— 8C®45c per bale.
The annual statement of the stock of Hay
In the State will be found In the first column.
The market continues quiet and unchanged.
Feedstuff s remain as before.
BRAN— J14G15 50 per ton. .;.¦- .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, S2 75:
extra cream do. $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny. $3 6D@3 75; Buckwheat Flour. *40>4 25:
Cracked Wheat, 13 60; Farina. $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), J6@>
7 25; In sacks, *5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $3 60 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $1 600
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, 13 4C<{?3 50:
Oregon and Washington, $2 7503 10 .per bbl for
family and {3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
%i 75@5 75 per bbl.
Flour and Millstuifs.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.'
Regular Morning Session — May — 1000 ctls,
75%c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
QATS— Stand the same as before. The de
mand Is nothing extra.
White.. Jl 30@l 47%; Surprise. $1 45®1 65; Red,
11 15®1 25 for feed and $1 25®1 87% for seed ;
Gray, H 2S®1 35: Black, for feed, II 12%@1 20;
for wed, $1 20iffl 30 per ctl.
CORN-Eastern Yellow. $1 TIM; White, |1 22%;
Eastern mixed. $1 2001 22% per ctl.
RYE— 90@92%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75@2 per Ctl.
Feed, 76K®77%c for choice bright. 72%@75c
for No. 1 and 67%@70o for off grades; Brewing
and Shipping grades, 80£fS3c; Chevalier, nomi
nal.
Regular Morning Session— May— 6000 ctls,
ti 06%: 2000, $1 06&; 18,000, $1 06U- December—
4000. S9%c; 14.000, 99He.
Afternoon Session— May— 24.000 ctls. 11 06;
S000, II 05?i. December— 6000, 99»4c.
BARLEY— Previous prices rule, with & dull
market.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 93%c.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales,
CALL BOARD BALES.
Spot Wheat-Shlpplns. $1: Milling, |1 02H®
1 07% per ctl.
The local market was dull and practically
unchanged.
WHEAT— Liverpool was lower and Paris
higher. New York and Chicago showed llttlo
change. Chicago opened firm, with some lo
cal'selling, but less liquidation. Subsequently
quotations advanced slightly, but trade was
local and chiefly to fill shorts. Argentina ca
bles reported crop conditions about the same,
with no material damage In the Santa Fe
district by the storm. Primary receipts were 25
per cent under those of last year. Minneapolis
cabled cash Wheat very strong, but a big In
crease In the visible supply waa expected. The
continent took 10 loads at Minneapolis on
Wednesday. The Flour trade In England wan
reported demoralized, and Flour was offered
In Dublin at Is.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — %< tl%
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 83*;
Sterling Cables — 4 33
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63T4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 U © 61
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.-The principal feature
in the metal market was the rise of 90 to 100
points In tin, prompted by firm advices from
! London and good buying orders here. The close
i was strong at J2S 80329. Lake copper, though
firm In tone, waa not quotably higher, closing
on the basis of $16 75017. Spelter was again
Jm «! r i,?^Sr?-, t0 the liKht <u PP ly . be' 11 *- quoted
at 14 22%^4 27% at the close. Lead continues
quiet at $4 37%, while the iron markets all
ruled dull and unchanged. PIglron warrants
were quoted at *?@10. The brokers' price for
lead was J4 and for copper $1« 87%®17.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Nov. 15.— The market for evap
orated apples continues firm and quiet, with
a fair jobbing business In , progress at old
prices. State, common, was quoted at 4®6c;
prime. 4>i^5Ue: choice. 5%@6c; fancy, 6cS€%c.
California dried fruits were Inactive. Prunes
were nominally quoted at 3% to 8%c per
pound, an to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Hoyal. llglic; Moorpark, 15^16c
PEACHES— Peeled, 16820c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
DRIED FRUITS
WHEAT— Receipts. 43.321 bushels; exports,
191.892; »ales. 3.S75.0O0 bushels future*. 200.000
srtot. Spot firm; No. 2 red. "»%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 77&C elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, Sl%c f. 0. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. SSSic f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady and unchanged, followed by weakness
under local selling- tor both accounts, lower
English cables and bearish outside markets.
Talk of export business to Lisbon started cov
ering and prompted an afternoon rally, the
close being firm at Vic net advance. March,
Sl'iSSlHc, closed SlHc; May. SOK^Slhic. closed
Sl%c; November closed 77%c; December, 78Q>
TSVic. closed TS'.ic.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Finn.
¦vvooi^—Dtiii.
COFFEE- Spot Rio eany; No. T, Invoice,
7%c; mild quiet; Cordova. »%®13Vic. Futures—
Closed 6teady at a net decline of 5010 points.
Total sales, £S.0OO bags. Including: November,
$6 60; December, $S 45#« 60: January. SS 60;
March. *6 6506 SO; May. f6 S0@« 90; July. $5 90;
September, $7@7 05.
SUGAR— Raw firm; fair refining, SJic; centri
fugal, 98 t»st, 3Hc; molasses sugar, Z%c. Re
fired—Steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 406J packages: firmer;
creamery. 13S27C; June creamery, 18@24o; fao
tor>-. 13!gl5%c.
KG GS- Reccipt»» 7771 packages; strong;
¦Wefctern. regular packing, 21@!5c; Western losa
off, 27c
NJ-TW TORK, Nov. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,955 bbls; exports, 17,770; sales, S7L0 packages;
quiet but a trifle steadier.
SAN KRANCISCO. Xct. IS— 5 p. ra .
The ttiBsmhm are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, a* compared with thos* of the same date
last tesf^n. zr.l ralsfa^l* in the last H hour*:
Weather Report.
Meridian— Pacific Time).
The annual statement ef the etock of hay
on hand in the State available for the San
Francisco market has Just been Issued by the
Hay Exchange, lt shswi a eupply November
1 of Sf. *¦ w ¦ toriF. <"sainFt 137. 275 tons on Novem
ber 1. 1S*:>. 1C3.W. in 1«<*. PMli in 1S97. 124.1H5
in 1ST* ar.J- !"f.c:* !n 1S35. The etalejnent la
detail is as follow?:
Tons.', -Ton*.
?an Frar.eieco 4,500 Walnut Creek 200
B^lmor.t ZT<C Danville 2.SG0
Redwood 1.0uu.£an rtamon 8.00<»
Menlo Park l^i McAvoys l.l*>0
M&yficid 1.20" Cornwall 2\>0
lit. View.. teWJAntloch SCO
?an Jo*e LiO? Bj-ron 500
Morsar. HIM M £>:ha=j- 0.CW
Pan Martin Ci'»; Stockton 6.0C3
Ko'l'Etrr t.C-'K' Val>Jo «C0
Tret I'inr« i.yuOJBer.icia *K>
Pailnas. Gor.za>», jSuisuu LiOj
Chualat 50y Rio Vista. 1.O-0
Mt. Eg«ti rr) V.oo<j:an<J 703
Haj-w-arde :5C:Marrevil!e 7!»
[>ecto 6:-"jnilco fcMM
tn-ir-rtcn ZS3|tioncat 200
Warm Pprir^s.... \,TX Reclamation 2.033
«::p!tas l.C^' 1.S0O
A'.viso 1.500 Ptulumt 4.000
runol ?,*> El Verano 150
P>a6&r.us SEpa Valley 1.500
Uverrr.cre 12.000 fcnoTr.a 200
A!tajnont 2.03) Walnut Grove,
ran Pablo (<*}] Counland. et-... l.n*)
Pinole USM Knights Landins. 2U0
Martlner £r, tg n Joaquin VaJ-
Pacbeco 2t*h ley LOOO
ConcoriJ ar.d Bay
Poi^t 3.0M, Total S3.6.O
Stocks of Hay.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Nczv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. IS.— Etrength was renewed
In the etock market to-day, but there »«
nothing like a resumption of the speculative
enthusiasm of last week. Th~re were ctockk
that moved strongly upward yesterday anj
there were fewer that cloeed the day lower
than they left off last night, but th«re waj
nevertheless a continuance of the ii regular
tendency In the market. The points of stienistn
though more numerous, were still some»n*{
Isolated or deserted and the market <Md not
at any time show permeating and vigorous
etrength. The gains seemed to be due eithrr
to the operations of speculative pools working
for an advance in fip*-clal stocks or to cauoea
affecting the Individual stocks. General Elec
tric duplicated 1U rain of yesterday with an
other 6-polnt ri«e. carrying It to 160% on th«
large earnings reported. Yesterday's strength
In the coaler* became largely localized in New
Jersey Central, which was up at one time 4>4
points on reports of coming Increase in divi
dends. The movement of broadest scope for
the day was In the winter wheat grangers,
which advanced between. 1 and 2 points oil
e round on good weather fpr th« crop in that
territory. The movement 'In Sreat Northern
preferred and Union Pacific was attributed to
reports of a working agreement looking t«,
extension of traffic In each other's territory.
Northern Pacific, after a Blight advance, f»il
back to about last night's level. Consolidated
U11, Continental Tobacco, People's Gu. Ten
nessee Coal, nrooklyn Transit and some other
*l*»cialtJes were etrcng In the same way. Lon
don bought a email number of stocks on bat
enoe. The professional pressure against the
tnarket was relaxed and there were no furtner
r'.gns of urgent liquidation, although profit
taking was In evidence at *ome points all
daj*. Money was appreciably easier and a
favorable bank statement Saturday is begin
ning to be discounted. " The sub-treasury oper
ations have contributed about 1500,000 to the
market by reason of the falling off In internal
revenue collections and large disbursement for
I -melons. There have been light currency ship
ments to New" Orleans, but Chicago exchange
rose to par to-day. Reports from interior
money markets are of easy conditions, due to
a process cf unloosening after the election
similar to that which occurred In the New
York market. Arrivals of over {3,000,000 In
Australian gold are expected In San Francisco
In a few days, which can b« made available
by telerrtoaic tnasfwr tbrous* Uu mb-tre**-
U -S ref r»g 2s 104%,N Y Cent lsts ....1C8
Do coup 104% N J Cent gen Es...l27tf
CS2. r«g 109%: North Pacific 3*. 70
Do 3s coup Iflfft Do 4s jotv
Do new 4s reg....i37 \s YCtStL tt.'.mv
Do new 4s cup. .127 IN & W con 4s 99
Do old 4« reg....U5<i Or Nav Uts .. iiS
Do old 4s coup..llS«;J Do Or Nav 4s...lO3V4
P° £• reg lUn'Or Short Line 6s l'S
Do If coup m«i| Do con 6.V.... m
D of C 3.65s 124%jReadlng gen 4s...! S9%i
Atchlson gen 4s....l01«i!R O W lsts.. S9U
adj 4s MV Bt L & I M con'ti'liivi
Can South 2ds 10S%,St L & S F gen 6s 126
-he. & O 4%s lOOTiiSt Paul con .. m
_ D ° *« 120 ;St P C & P lstsi.'.'llSTi
C & N con 7s ISO Do Ss liiit
DoSFdeb6s....ll8H i South Pacific **.'.'. 1$
Prit|e^:::::::^fe^?!!----HH
Iowa Cen lsts IIS Do 2d» \at
M r£ 4^ T 2d ' ~£ W1 « Central tats.. 87
00 ?• *4 Va C»«nturle« .... |i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10i Dphlr ....... f .
Crown Point 05 Plymouth .. .'.'.'"" ,2
Con Cal A V.t 5(0 3uicksllv-r . 1 ??
Deadwood t5 Do urefd "' 4 /«
Oould & Curry .. iS 3ler^ P Nevadi 7 " 7 ?
Hale & Norcros-.. 17 Standard ... a M
n .::::::::::: « § Brun8 '^ •••¦••'•'•: p
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money— Rubber " Mtt
CaU loans 3®« Union Pacific P&
rime loans l#3 Union Land i H
Stocks— ivest End ... *'*"" •»
A. T & St Fe rfi% Bonds— "
Do prefd 7.1 \tehlfon 4s ioow
A.mer Su|ir ..13S-;4 N" E O & C 6s m
o 1 ??^, H&l Mlnln S Shares-' ? .
Bell Tel .... 15? Adventure ...... eu
Boston & Albany.. S4J Allouez Mln Co 2-v
• Boston L 156 Amal Copper .... S4«J
Boston A Maine. .194 Boston & Mont 327
. 3bl .Bur. * <i If54 ButU & Boston I.' 68
CLOSING BONDS.
ury to the cash reserves of New Tok banks.
There Is a feeling that the large war loans
Impending In England and Germany will prob
ably not be offered until early next year.
The bond market was of the cams character
as the stock market, showing strength, but
not at the high level of last week's activity.
Total sales, par value. $2,760,000.
United States refunding 2s and the Ss (cou
pon) declined H per cent and Is (registered)
and old 4s >i per cent on last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
63,liiO Atchlson 3t>H
"fc.550 Atchlson prefd 78
1M0I Baltimore & OMo 8Ui
Canadian Pacific 6S
3,600 Canada Southern 56%
6.S00 Chesapeake & Ohio S2»»
600 Chicago Great Western 13H
2L700 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 133^
S.V Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 2;
100 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd. 57%
Si<i> Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9S»i
600 Chicago & Northwestern 166
6.400 Chicago Rock Island & Paclflc....U3%
S.600 C C C & St Louis 65
1.9uO Colorado Southern 6%
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
Colorado Southern 2d prtfd II
2.1W Delaware & Hudson 1J6
100 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 1S3
200 Denver & Rio Grande 21^4
L500 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 73%
200 Erie 13%
1.000 Erie 1st prefd 37S
2.000 Great Northern jrefd 169
S00 Hocking Coal 17'4
800 Hocking Valley S9«»
400 Illinois Central 122%
500 Iowa Central 20'
Iowa Central prefd 45
100 Lake Erie & Western 36%
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 106
Lake Shore 210V4
400 Louisville <& Nashville. 79%
23.SfV) Manhattan L 109
S.100 Metropolitan Street Railway 168%
400 Mexican Central 13% !
L30D Minneapolis & St Louis 6i«4
800 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 102
15.300 Missouri Pacific 53'i
IM Mobile & Ohio S9
2.600 Missouri. Kansas & Texas ll»i
12.100 Missouri Kan*a« & Texas prefd.... 3G^i
500 New Jersey Central 144 1 
84,700 New Tcrk Central 13S% 1
1.SM Norfolk A. Western 42% I
5« Norfolk & Western prefd Si (
65.900 Northern Pacific 63U
ll.*'in »rthern Pacific prefd 73 U !
ll.SCO Ontario & Western I5U
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oreg-on Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
ES.400 Pennsylvania 141%
2,430 Reading 19^
2.4W Reading 1st prefd 62%
2.200 P.eeding 2d rrefd 31 I
R!o Grande Western 62
SX> Rio Grande Western prefd 85
S.»00 Si Louis & San Francisco 15^
Bt Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd.. 70
1.503 St Louis & San Francisco :d pfd.. 45H
230 St Louie Southwestern 14U '
3.000 St Louis Southwestern prefd 3« 5 i '
1t>.fr> St Paul T. 112% i
100 St Paul rrefd !j74 i
6jO St Paul & Omaha lig !
27.510 Southern Pacific 4iu !
4.CO0 Southern Railway I3&i
KV» Southern Railway rrefd 6C"i»
B.803 Teras St Pacific iRTi
43.400 Union Pacific 67^
23.y>0 Union Pacific prefd so'
1.500 Wabash 744
l.r-0 Wabash prefd 120%
Z.W Wh<>elir:* A Lake Erie .'. 11
7.0f>0 Wre*l!r* A Lake Erie 2d prefd 23%
200 Wisconsin Central 12%
Third Aven-Je m
Exrr«s Ccmranles—
Adams 142
250 American "*"l63
United Ftates '"' 47
Wells Farco 13J
Miscellaneous —
1,100 American Cotton OH, ex div 32»i
;u American Cotton Oil nrefd. ex dlv.. 90
3"0 Anieriean Malting ..' 514
l'JO American Malting prefd 24
S.4W American Emeltins: A Reflnlng.'.V.".'! 49'i
: UOI American Smeltin- & Ref prefd.... M*
American Spirits iu
! American Bnlrits prefd '.'.'.'."" 1:
, Ua American Steei Hoop "' 31
*;i*/U; Aln «1cen Bt«el Hoop prefd \\ TC^i
15.0W American Steel & Wire. i[il
2.5% American Steel & Wire prefd '.'. F5%
i €.:» American Tin Plate 45-??
' 'ii'iZ American Tin Plate prefd ; ss£
ll.i-09 Arotrican Tobacco io3
¦".""~J -American Tobacco Prefd.....".*.'.'.';.'.';iJ2
l.Or-0 Anaconda Mining Co 47
25.200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit .\7." Ipi
l.r« Colorado Fuel & Iron 44^
41.8"0 Cor.tiner.tal Tobacco ; Z6 "
I n.si 01 :^ pre "- : ss
12.M Ff^^ral Eteel rrefd... '..'.7.7 73
4.3C3 Gcaeiat Electric x'ju
...... Oluoe- Sugar prefd ".'."."'!lO3
I I.4M International Paper ... ««V
S00 International Paper prefd '.'.'.'.'." 73*!
•• I^aclf'Je Gas ; 2
VM Natlct^il lilscuit '..7 mi:
....... National lUecuit prefd "'. «>
j LOM National Iyead iff
I'") National I>ead prefd "" stv*
Zi.Vr) National Steel VS*
Kv National Steel pr««fd "" li^
V(> Sew York Air Brake Jr. 134
! Ut( North American ' iei
2-.« Pacific Coaet .' 57
Pacific Coast l»t prefd *" 14
Pacific Coast 2d prefd ' C6
i.VA PaclJlc Mall ....„ ,7. J?,;
li,4'X> People's Ofc« ;»'*
1.2* Prewsed Steel Car r?i
loo }-;*t,+4 gtt^l Car prefd.. 7.7.7.7.""** 85
l'*j Pu'lrnan Palace Car 132
200 Standard Uoim; & Twine &%
ti.Wi 8urar .7"l30U
Su«ar prefd iTci*
17,5(00 Tennessee Coal & Iron 7iii
12.S00 United States Leather '.'.'."" is
U-1 United sut*« L-ather prefd 7 7$*.
i/M Inlted fiutet Rubber... mu
VA United Rt«te« Rubber prefd.... " scv
ew* U>»tc-rn Union ' " 84 u
e.S:« Republic Iron & Steel Cc "" 17
400 Republic Iron i Steel Co prefd 64
p c c u et Louis ;;;
664,200 Shares sold.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— To-day's state-
Trent of the Treasury balances In the. general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Availa
ble cash balance, I1S6.514.718; gold, (94,905,923.
Condition vf the Treasury.
NEW TORK. Nov 15.— Close: Money on call,
steady, at 3H@5 per cent; last loan, 3>J; prims
mncantlle paper, 4%@5 per cent; sterling ox-
Changs, firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 84H for demand and $4 8704 SS for 60
days; posted rates, $4 81% and $4 85%; commer
cial bills, J4 80%; silver certificates, 64©63c;
bar silver. 63T»; Mexican dollars, OOUc; Gov
ernment bonds, weak; State bonds, inactive;
railroad bonds, strong.
New York Money Market.
LONDON, Nov. IS.— Atchlson, 36U: Canadian
Pacific. 90: Union Pacific prefd. '81%; Northern
Pacific prefd. 92% ; Grand Trunk. 6*4; Anaconda
9H- Bar silver, dull, 29 9-16d. Money, 8%©4.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
1 he markets here were again fairly astlva to
day. It Is now rumored that the Government
borrowings have been postponed until next
year, when presumably the condition of the
money markets will be more favorable to the
fetation of a large issue. This, lt Is reported,
¦will tfcke the form of a Transvaal loan. Amer
icans opened dull under parity on the news of
the Czar's illness, which caused some depres
sion, but Berlin buying again set the ball roll
ing. New York bought in the afternoon and
the. close was good, though under the best.
Northern Pacific and Baltimore and Ohio were
yery lively. The former was bought in well
informed quarters and lt la generally believed
here that eome Important deal is pending. Call
money was in strong demand and was very
n rrn. Th« bank reports a good business in
short loans. Berlin exchange was lower at
London Market.
22ff 1 "bP 0 ? 1 '•¦• "HjCalumet * Hecla..8S0
n f?* 1 «K Centennial 19%
wiT 0 ..!? 1 *" 75 l^ranklin 15&
Fitchburg prefd ..13814 Humboldt 25
•"" Electric 159 Dsceola 76
P P° P re «, 141 Parrott 4SH
m iF£ C J" "" -v 11 * Qulncy 160
" c ". Cent ••• 13»i Santa Fe Copper .. 7*4
Michigan Tel 85 Tamarack 285
£, . E J 3 * 3 & Coke. 16 Utah Mining 34%
R2 S° l0 ? y . Xz lVV '«»ona ....7. 4
Old Dominion .... 23 Wolverines 45>,4
Sih-er a fraction lower. Nothing new in Exchange.
Wheat and Barley about as before.
No change in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Hay Exchange issues its annual statement.
Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Beans continue quiet, :vith diminishing arrivals.
Potatoes in good supply. Onions firm.
Prospects good for the formation of a Butter Exchange.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Oranges continue to decline. Other fruits unchanged. .
¦ Provisions active and higher at Chicago.
Meet market stands as before.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
FOR THURSDAT, NOVEMBER IB.
Flour, qr sks 1.460 Hops, hales 95
Wheat, ctls 9.647 Wool, . bales 43
Barley, ctls 33.3SG|Sugar, bbls.. 465
Datu,- ctls......... 610 Pelts, bdls........ 2,6n
Corn, ctls....:.... ¦615]Hldes, No no
Cheese, ctls lPllHay. tons.. 510
Butter, ctls 12S!3traw, tons 5
rallow. ctls 417 .Quicksilver, risks''" '10
Beans, sk». ....... 2,S03;Powder. cars 1
Potatoes, sks lO.rsniEggs. doz 8,850
Onion*, sks.. 1.327;Llme, bbls........ : 635
Bran. sks........:. S.OSS'WIne.-gals.; .. 44,100
Middlings, sks.... ¦¦¦. 100 Leather, rolls ¦¦:,. 87
Buckwheat, sks.. ¦ 60 Brandy, gals....;. .' 6,500
Sugar, sks......... 2,250 . ¦ .
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bag". June and July, 6H®«Hc: Wool
Baev 28',i<iJ32Hc; Fleece Twine, 7V>c: Fruit
Bags. 6V4fi6%c for white and SVi®8%o for
bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $7: Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wollsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end J9; Cumberland, J12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, J14; Can
nel," J12 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$13 In Backs; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lbbags:
Crushed. 6.15c: Powdered, 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c; Dry Granulated, 6.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.6tc; Magnolia -A, 5.25c; Extra C.
6.15c; Golden C. 5.05c: barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more: EO-lb bags
10c 'more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Dominos. half-bar
rels.' 6.40c: boxes, «.65o p*r lb.
SALT— Quoted at $25 per ton for the best and
J16 for the' cheaper descriptions. .
General Merchandise.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
BEEF— 6fr7c lor Steers and 5@5\c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7iS8c; small. 8*4@9c per lb.
MUTTON-i-Wethers, 7V4@Sc; ewes. 7©7>ic per
pound.
LAMB— 8® 3c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5He for small and BHo for
medium and WA@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5«f5Kc; dressed Hogs, 7Vi@84c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 8%@9c; Cow
hld«s, 8H@9c: Stags, 6%c; Salted Kip, 9Hc;
Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides,
16c; culls. 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 16@17c;
culls and brands, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
29<?T30c each; short Wool, 30@50c each; medium,
60$85c: long Wool. 75c@Jl each; Horse Hides,
salt, J2 CO for large and J2 for medium, Jl 50
for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large. $1 5a for medium. $1 25 for smalt
and 25050c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
eklns 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c, winter or
thin tklns, 17l&(?20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 76c; large and smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4&c per lb; No.
2. SHc; gresse, 2®2Hc.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as , follows:
Northern, free, 15ft lGc; Northern, defective, 12@
»c: Middle County, free. 14@16c; Middle County,
defective, 12^14c: Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. ll(Jfl2c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9®llc: Humboldt and Mendocino, 16
<31'c; Nevada, 13#16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin, 6H@8c; do lambs', 8
©9c; Middle County. 9® 10c; Northern Mountain,
tree. lO'glle; Southern Mountain. 7Vi@SVic;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 12@13c per lb.
HOPS— HV4@15c per lb.
The Chicago market was very firm yesterday,
with an advance in most descriptions. The
week"s packing was 415.000, against 430,000 for
the same week last year, and prices for Hogs
at the yards went up 10c.
This market was quiet and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10>£<«llc per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium. 13c for light, 14c
for extra light and I5c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, HV4<8l2c; Meas Beef,
J12 60 per barrel; extra Mess. J13 50; Family.
tl3 CO; extra Prime Pork, $16; extra clear. $19 50;
Mess. $16; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LARDr— Tierces quoted at 6\c per lb for com
pound and 9o for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9Hc;
10-lb tins, 9%c: 5-lb tins. 8%c.
COTTOLENE-One-half barrel. 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c: one tierce. ' 8Hc ; two tierces,
8c; Hve tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Talloxv, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
Almondi are Quoted lower and very dull at
the decline. Otherwise there Is nothing n%w.
FRUITS — Prunes, Santa r"larn«. 4 sizes, 3c;
40-50S. 7c: 50-60s. olic; 60-70s. S»ic; 70-80s. 3Uc;
E0-9OS, 2%c; 90-W0s, 2Vic; 100s and over 2c; ru
bles, Uc premium; Sonomas, Vic and San Joa
qulns, hie less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 6^
8c for Royals and lOQUVic for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5@6c; sun-dried, 3Vi@4Hc;
Peaches. 4&@5c for standard, 5@6c for choice
and "@V,ie. for fancy; Pears. 2@7c; Plums,
pitted, 5@Mc; unpitted. l@lHc; Nectarines, tit
6Hc for red and 6%06c for white.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
ha* established the following prices for the
season of 1300: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard. S%c; prime. So;
unbleached Thompson'e. »c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10Hc per lb; choice. 9V4c; standard. 8?ic;
prime, Sc; unbleached Sultanas, Kc: Seedless.
iO-lb boxes. 6%c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6c;
2-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, Jl 50 per box; 3-crown, Jl 60; Fancy
Clusters. J2; Dehesa, J2 50; Imperial. J3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California. »
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6®7c per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 eoftshell. lie: No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell. 10c;
N T o. 2. "&c; Almonds, 12013c for papershell.
9@llc for softshell; Peanuts. 6@6c for East
ern; Brazil Nuts, I3c; Filberts. 13c; Pecans, 11
@13c; Coeoanuts. $3 50S5.
HONEY— Comb. 13V4@l4^ic for bright and 12H
<ffl3c for light amber; water white, extracted,
<\'g?c; light amber, extracted, 7@7%c; dark,
6@«Hc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24326c per lb.
Grapes are lower. ' The downward tendency
In Oranges continues, as will be seen by the
quotations. Otherwise the market for fruits
Is featureless.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 23@50c per box for common and
C5c@Jl for good to choice: Spltzenbergs. 60c<g$l;
Oregon Spitzenberss. $1 25. f
PEARS— Winter Nells, 65c<8>$1 23; Cooking
Pears. 251T50c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 30050c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, JlWglO 50 per bar
rel: Coos Bay, $2 2561 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50<g5 per chest for large
and JSftS for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $5<g6 per chest.
GRAPES— $0<g60o per small box and 80230c
per crate. • .
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 75®3 75;
Seedlings, $l(g > l 75; Lemons. 25cCP$l 23 for com
mon and SI bC'll 50 for good to choice; Grape
Fruit, ?2®3; Mexican Limes, $4®4 50; California
Limes, 25@35c; Bananas, Jl 75@2 £0 per bunch;
Pineapples, J2@3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There Is a movement toward the formation
of a Butter Exchange, and lt Is reported that
all but two local firms have signed the agree
ment. If there 1b anything needed In San
Francisco it is a Butter Exchange, and when
one is established another relic of the Silurian
age will have passed away. It Is to be hoped
that the local Butter men wiy be modern
enough In their Ideas to put the thing through.
At present we are selling Butter as we used to
in '49.
The market is dull and unchanged and Egga
and Cheese also stand as before.
BUTTE.R—
n Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 21@22c; seconds.
Dairy— Fancy. 20c; good to choice. 13919c;
common, 17@17Hc.
Creamery tub— 20<g22Hc per 1b.
Piokled roll— 13@21c.
Firkin-lS@19c.
Storage goods— 21@22c.
CHEESE— New, HH@12c; Old, 10311c: Young
America, 12@12V4c; Eastern. 13>i<&Hc; western,
11«t1Sc per lb.
EGGS— Store, 20@224c; ranch. 27i4@30c for
fair and Zl<3Zic per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern, lSg-26c.
Butter; Cheese and Eggs.
$4 50 for young Roosters, $2@2 60 for Broilers
and $1 for old Pigeons.
Local stock continued dull and weak. Poor
Oregon dressed Turkeys sold down to 12V4c.
Game was easy at a elight decline In Ducks.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13'ol4c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
14317c; Geese, per pair, $1 E0©l 75; Goslings,
U T5@2; : Ducks. $S@4 for old and J4#5 for
young; Hens. $3 50®4 50; Young Roosters,
$4; Old Roosters. $3 60@4; Fryers. $3 2»4|3 50;
Broilers, $3 25®3 50 for large ana $3®3 2i for
small; Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and $1 50®
1 76 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. Jl 25 for Valley and $2 for
Mountain; Mallard. J3@4: Canvasback, W@6;
Sprig, $3@3 50; Teal. $2@2 60; Widgeon. $1 50<3
175; Small Duck, $1 25@1 £0; Gray Geese. 13;
White Geese. $1©1 50; Brant. $1 50®l 75 for
small and $2 for large; English Snipe, $1 50;
Jack Snipe, $1; Hare, Jl 25; Rabbits, tl 23 for
cottontail and Jl for brush; Doves, 60c per
dozen. . \
A. Swanson (owner), with Fred Miller (eon
tractor), architect T. Patersoa Ross^ — Excava
tion, concrete, brick and carpenter work, mar
ble steps, plastering and plumbing for a two
story banement and attic frame building on
the E line of Masonic avenue, 153:1 N of
Frederick street. N 23:7. E 133. SW 15. NW
1:8. S 11:8. W 119; total. J414L
Adolph C. Boldermann (owner), with same
contractor, architect same— Sam» work for
same style of building on the E line of Ma
sonlo avenue, 173:3 N of Frederick 4treet, N
25:7. E 116:7. SW 11:7%. SE 25. SW to a point
W 133: total. $4243.
Hugh Twvls (owner), with M. J. Savage (con
tractor), architect Albert Farr— All work ex
cept concrete foundations for a two-story fram*
building on the N line of Broadway. 1&3 N of
Devlsadero street. W 35 by N 137:5. Western
Addition. 494; total. $S44S.
Central Park Amusement Company (owners),
with James McKendrlck (contractor), architect
William Curlett— Metal lathing and plasterln?.
setting -of ornamental plaster and staff work,
etc., in theater building in course of construc
tion on the S line of Market street, between
Peventb and Eighth, on Central Park grounds;
total. J37S5.
San Francisco Dry Dock Company (owner?),
to City Street Improvement Company (cor.
tractors), engineer Howard C. Holmes— All
work for a complete dry dock, engrlne a..,I
boiler houses, wharf, approaches, caisson a;v1
ether structures and to Install a pumping plart.
machinery, etc. (save Portland cement), on
property described In 1870 d 33S. recorded Juii
7. 1900 (see last deed In abstract 2743. June J,
j 1&00). being at Hunters Point; total. $404,000
Bufders' Contracts.
E. S. and Mary A. Belden to St. JiyiepVs
Home for Deaf "Mutes (corporation), lot on
NE corner of Telegraph avenue and lands of
St. Joseph's Home for Deaf Mutes, by deed of
April 18. 1SD5, NE 10. E 110. SW E0, W HO to
beginning, Oakland: 110.
Security Investment Company to Arthur
Bailey, lot 223. map of Potter Tract. Berkeley;
»10.
Peter and Dorthea E. Madsen to John and
Emma C Espejo. lot 9, map of the Handy
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to William
Ccrbin. lot on S line of Ninth street. 100 8 o?
Artdison. S 122 by E 130. lots 24. 25 and 23. block
102. Allston Tract. Berkeley; S3.
Joseph I* and Maa Lawrence to Evalins
Lawrenoe, lot on E line of Ninth itreet JO 9
of Centennial avenue. S 25 by E 120. lot 3.
block 22. Oak Shade Tract. Alameda (.quitclaim
deed); $10.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to M. H
Turner, lot on N line of El Dorado avenue B^l
SW of Bayo Vista avenue. ?T ICO 52. W S" 9
325. J2. E 43 to beginning, being a portion of "lot
17. block E, LJnda Vls:a Terrace. Map 2 Oak
land; |10.
H o n ,r y .. Sava . s ?. < aln Kle) to William Corbln lot
on S\V line of Rose avenue, STO SE of Piedmont
avenue BE 30 by SW 100. being the E 10 fe"t
cf lot IS and the W 20 feet of lot 17. on map of
Keller's Rose Park. Oakland- $10
P -». E -Ji nd Mary A" Eowle" to E.' A. Henn, lrt
on the SE corner of Chestnut and Tenth stress.
S 8S by E 100, block M5, Eoardman's ilao Oak
land; $10.
Sophy E. Reynolds (administratrix of <*tale
vw^fn r^.T;^ y ? ol<Js) to A - c - Ht««ey. lot on
Wo" "s^? 1 ;?^™* and Coi ™ bi * * !a ~
v.^ioiT £ M^*arnara to Roman Catholic Areh
t ? %r San Francisco (a corporation so:e).
l0 J» * nd _ 13 «, Clft Map 3: J10.
Emllj P. Geary (Baillie) (wife of J»m»s> to
h2£7J. a o 11 ' lot on N corner of Seven^
l^im w i' 2°. ntIk and s streets. NW 23 by
Joseph M. and Jeannctte Hitchcock to Samuel
-A^ r.°". N corn «r of Eighteenth avn.ie
Alameda County.
Helen B., Mabel J. an<l Annie S McHa'fls
<^i££8?i&
Mary E. Hill to William Corbln. lot on SB
corner of Park road and South Broderlck
street. S 113:S. W 113, N 5:5%. NE S07H NE
152:1, block E, Park Hill Homestead No. 2; J10.
Mrs. Jane CDonnell to Margaret O'Donnoll
(wife of Thomas), lot on S line cf Sadowa
Ci't. V « ?, f Ori2ab *. E 24 :« by S 124 lot 3.
block C. Railroad Homestead Association No.
McCarthy Company (a corporation) to Horn*
Building Company, lot 3. block 43. Sunnysld«:
110-
Grlsar to Southern Pacific Company, lot on W
line of Iowa street. 123 N of Butte. N 75. W 100.
S 200. E 54:9. NE to beginning; J10.
Delia M. Plunkett to Caroline F. Plunkett.
lot en E line of Forty-sixth avenue, 100 8 of C
street. 8 40. E 140. N 140. W 40. S 100. W 1P0:
also lot on E> line of Forty-sixth avenue, 151:7
N_of D atreet. N 263:5. E 210. S 211:1. NW 223:5.
THURSDAT. Nor. 15-4 p, in.
», v ' Bl t A *hl , Bid.Ask.
Alpha 02 03. fustic* C2 04
Alta 01 02 ICentuck ....... 02 04
Andes 04 05'Lndy Wash.—. — (3
Belcher 19 20. Mexican {4 35
Best & Belcher. ID 20Occldentai 06 M
Bullion 03 M Ophlr ;» 77
Caledonia 33 40 Overman 09 10
•Thollar 10 11 PotosI 08 0»
Challenge Con.. 13 15 3ava?e 14 15
Confidence W 60 > Scorpion m
Don Cal & Va..l 15 1 20 ! Beg B-lcher.... 04 08
Ton Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 21 23
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 43 44
Eureka Con.... — 35 |3t Louis _ 10
CTOwn Point.... 08 10 Standard ..8 00 J 23
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate ...... 06' —
Gould St Curry. 92 ,95iL*nlon Con 14 15
Hale & Norcrs. 23 • 29: Utah 06 OS
lulls. ..:.,....... 01 Jacket.. 23/ a
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
900 Belcher IS 300 Mexican m a
lftO Con Cal & Va..l 20 200 Overman Oft
MOO Julia 03 200 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Afternoon Session,
1100 Con Cal & V.I 1TH 200 Overman 07
600 Con Cal & V...1 20 600 Sierra Nevada 21
600 Oould A Curry. 93 300 Silver Hill... 4.1
BOO .Mexican 22 200 Yellow Jacket.. Jl
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In th« Paclflo Stock
Exchange yesterday:
100 Alpha 03 300 Ophlr 75
200 Andes 04 lOoo Overman OS
JKK) Belcher IS 400 Savage 13
200 Caledonia 38| 100 Sierra Nevada. 21
1000 Con Cal A Va..l 20) 400 Silver Hill 44
ICO Gould & Curry. S2 50 Standard S 25
300 Mexican 2*' 600 St Louts 10
800 Mexican 23' 200 Yellow Jackst.. 21
200 Ophlr 76' 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Afternoon Session,
100 Con. Cal & Va..l 201 60O Savage 13
100 Gould & Curry. 82 100 Silver Hill 41
100 Mexican 23 50 Standard 3 40
BOOPotosl OS
Morning* Session.
Following were thn sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Street—
10.000 Petroleum Center 9
ICO Twenty-Eight S 45
15 San Joaquln Oil & Dev; 3 13^
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Caribou ." 43
110O Four Oil Co 40
500 Independence, b 30 23
100 McKlttrlck Consolidated a
100 Monte Crlsto 140
10 Oil City Petroleum SS 00
1600 Petroleum Center 9
200 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 8 75
25 San Joaquln Oil & Dev g 831,,
100 Sterling O & D Co t 62^
Street —
6000 Petroleum Center 8
Fining stocks*
Moraine Sesaloo.
Board—
400 Caribou 43
10O Caribou 41
10 Hanford ..." 100 00
200 McKlttrlck Consolidated 20
100 McKtttrlck Consolidated as
50 Monte Crlsto 115
10O11 City Petroleum 35 00
750 Petroleum Center ., 10
2200 Petroleum Center 9
1000 Petroleum Center, b SO 9
20 San Joaquln OH & r>av $00
2C0 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 3 874
800 Twenty-Eight 160
PRODUCERS' OIL, EXCHANGE.
Mornlne Sesslo&.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' AssocUitlon 124 75
EO Equitable Gas 3 60
100 Hana Plantation Co 8 00
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 2« 00
10 Makawell '. 42 00
J10.00O N P C R R 6s bonds 108 00
«5 Paauhau 9 P Co, cash 31 25
375 S V Ga« & Electric Co 50 0O
25 S K Om A Electric Co 50 12V4
IS S F Gas & Electric Co. cash 50 25
45 Spring; Valley Water 94 60
Street—
200 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
• 100 Equitable Gas 3 50
15 Market-street Railway 68 00
25 Oakland Gas 49 75
SCO Paauhau S P Co 31 25
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 25
SO S F Gas & Electric Co 50 37^4
1S5 8 F Gas A Electric Co 50 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co M tz\i
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 75
4 Spring Valley Water 94 jo
50 Vlgorit Powder 350
Street—
$2,«K) Oceanic Steamship bonds ill 00
J10.0C0 S P of A bonds H3 60
Al Pack Assn. 124 H125 Pac A F A.. Vi. —
Cal Fruit Asn.104 105 Pac C Bor Co — 153
Mer Ex A»sn. »7 irn Par Paint Co. 12H —
Oceanic S Co.. — 99H
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 8H 8>4 Kllauea S Co. 20% —
Haw C & 3 Co 85 88T4 Makatvell S Co 41% 42H
Honokaa S Co. 81H — « mumra S Co. T* —
Hutch S P Co. 25;i 26'^ Paauhau S Co. J1V4 S1H
California .... — i«o Vlgorlt ........ •% *H
Giant Con Co. 83% 81
SUGAR STOCKS.
POWDKK STOCKS.
California ....124 — O S.L 4 H.. ..»«' —
Geary-et 45 - Presidio 13 »
Market-st 63 6SM.
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Ger S & L.... - 1300 Sav & L So.. - H
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk.. — —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U 515
SAVINGS BANKS,
First Nation!. 2M 800
Lon P & A 129 —
Merchants* Ex 1« la
AnRlo-Cal Ltd. O —
of Cal.. — —
Cal S D & T.104H —
BANK STOCKS,
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.226 230 |
Cent L & P Co 4 4H
Eqult C L Co. 3tf 3%
Mutual El Co. - in
O G L & H... 49H M
Pae Gas Imp. 50 52
Pac L Co.... — «S
StC El G&KCo *5 4<>
8 FG& E.... BOH .B?H
San Francisco. *\ »
Stkn G&E Co — • .1*
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70V4 714 Spring Valley. — *
Marln County. 6Hi —
WATER STOCKS,
Bay Co P Co.103%105
Cal-st Cab i»..llo :l t —
C C Water as.. 107** —
Ed L & P Cm.130'5 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — —
Geary-st R 5s. — —
11 C & S a\is. — —
Do 5s ino-H —
!¦ A R 5s 107 109?i'
L A Lt Co 68. — 1U
Do sntd •«.. — — .
L A gntd Ss.,100 102
LAPRR 5S.101 —
Warket-st 6a. .128% —
Do 1st M 5s. .119 —
N C N G R 7s.H0 114
N R of Cal Sa.lHV; —
Do os 118 —
NPCRR 68.101 —
Do Ss 107?s —
N' Cal Ry 6s. 112 —
Oak UL& H.110 —
Oak Tran 6s.. 117 —
Oak Water 5s. 1M —
Oceanic SS 5s.U0?i —
Om C lly to.. li» . — .
Pae O Imp 4s. 102 — j
P & Cl Ky Ua.106 —
P & O R it Cs.llSH —
Powell-st R 6s. — —
Sac E G&R 5s 8D!£10O
S P & SJV 59.119 —
S R of Cal Ss. — 113
S P of A 6s..ll3ViU4Vi
S P ofC6s(1905)
(Series A)...1O9H11I)!4
L»o (Series B)10S-h —
Do (130«) ....111U —
Do (1912) ....119U —
S P R 1st g 5S.105 108
S P R 6a.... 131 —
3 V Water 6s..U*% —
Do 4s 102%103
Do 3d mtge..lO2 103
Stktn Gas Ss..luO —
MISCELLANEOUS BONUS,
Bid. Ask. I
4s quar coup..H5'illS j
4s do res 115»ill6 I
Eld.Ask.
4s do cp (new). 137 13736
1 4s do coup... — 110»>4
UNITED STATES BONDS.
THURSDAY. Nov. 15—2:30 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The Central Light and Tower Company has
declared a dividend of 5 cents per share, pay
able on the 20th. .
The California Powder Works Company has
declared a dividend of Jl per share, payable
on the 20tb.
egTaph companies paid the usual monthly divi
dends of 40 cents and 25 cents per share yes
terday.
The Savage Mining Company baa levied an
assessment of 10 cents. . , .
The Kllauea Sugar Company has declared
a dividend of 23 cents per share, payable now.
The Hutchlnson Plantation Company ha* de
clared a dividend of 25 cent* per share, pay
able on the 20th. • .
The Spring Valley Water Company baa de
clared a dividend of 42 cents per ¦hare, pay-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1900.
New York Grain and Produce
WHEAT- Spot, stead v; No. 8 red Western
•winter, Cs ftd; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 4d;
No. 1 California. 6s 4d. Futures— Steady; De
cember. 6s HHd; March, 6s «4d.
CORN — Spot, quiet; American mixed new, 4s
%d. Futures— Steady; November, 3s ll%d; De
cember, 4s; January, 3s lOHd.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 15.— Consols, 88%: Sliver,
29 9-16d; French rentes, lOOf 57Hc; wheat car
goes on passage, white, quiet; red, dull; No. 1
Standard California, 80s 6d; English country
markets, quiet but steady.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 15.— Wheat, dull: No. 1
Standard California, 6s 3d#8s 4d; wheat In
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather In England, show
ery.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Nov. 15.— Wheat quiet and un
changed; blue stem. 57^c; club, UMa.
WASHINGTON.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Mail aJvtc« trrzs New Tcrk fay: "Tat big
sale cf £g». rals'.as, dates, etc.. took
tip th« attention of a large part el the trade
j-»eif rfay *cr the principal part of the bu»lne»«
Cay. Prices brought by the f.g« were cutte lo»".
The quality of the (roods, like all this year's
crop thai eo far has came to hand, waa ex
cellent. The dried fruit trad* continue* rood.
and the colder weather Is certain to cause a
¦tin further Jmr-rovercent In demand. Cur
r&rts are going rut Quite freely at full prices.
Sale* of about seventy-five barrels of BH
c leaned were reported. Demand for cleaned 1»
good. IUu'.m remain dull and easy, except for
iwfitt, mbOdh ere going out well. No lm- t
prevement !¦ r.cted in prur.ej on the spot. anJ
roods are- K&taS to the Jobbing trade only in
a moderate way. Demand tor peaches and j
apricots is IJsht. Prime evaporated apples are
<julet but firm at 4i,S5c on the spot. Choice
apples are scurf* and in fair demand. Really
choice are worth a l ;C. E'N &;>orcted raspberries
are Ftmng. but huckleberries arv rather quiet.
Cherries «re strong. :Cc b»-'.rig asked end ISc
bid. I*eman<J is very pjofl for the latter soods
from preservers.
"Nuts show ft'.r activity. New Grenob'.e
Mayette walnuts ere celling lairly well ct
llifHSc. Filbert* are firm and In quite good
demand at U%C Filberts are corning In quit*
freely now."
8
6. M.IT.
TTT
11 12 13
¦"iT**r 27
IW.IT.
h-hr
~T"T
M
I
f. g.
t ~T
is IT
©Full Moon,
Moon'i Phase*.
frt»
hr
€Last Quarter.
November 13.
IS
"H" 1
r«i
rs-
— N«w Moon.
** [^ November a.
J First Quarter.
Koverobw ».
6. M.IT.
TTT
11 12 13
¦"iT**r 27
IW.IT.
h-hr
~T"T
M
I
f. g.
t ~T
is IT
©Full Moon,
Moon'i Phase*.
frt»
hr
€Last Quarter.
November 13.
IS
"H" 1
r«i
rs-
— N«w Moon.
** [^ November a.
J First Quarter.
Koverobw ».
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
o Steamers leave Broadway
wharf. San Francisco:
ffgJE*^ _For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
|n££j£5«Bfc to ccmnany's' steamers at Se-
tjS^^K ill For Victoria. Vanrouv^r iB.
»*W«5Z5r<?TA- t C.). Pert Towns^nrt, Senffl».
*™**I^MgKW Tacoma, Everett. Ah»piti-.
"^^Mgak and Meiy Whatcom ?Wash.* —
-¦ "^ 11 a. m.. Nov. 17. 22. 27. Dee 2
and every fifth day thereafter. Change at Se-
attle for this company's steamers for Ala^va
and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. 1\
Rjr.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — S p. m.. Nov.
13, 24, 23, Deo. 4, and every fifth day theio-
aftcr.
For San Dleco. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo < Los A?i-
gelts) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. r.v :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sunday". 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayj-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis .Oblspo). Gaviots,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Peiin.
East Snn Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. : steamer
Borlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose <VM
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rcsalia
I and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without rrcvious notice.
TICKET OFFICB-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. G«il Agent*.
¦ 10 Market »t.» San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m .
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
ES. NIPPON MARU
2=* •' Thursday. D«eember «, 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December 29. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced ratea. For
rreiRht and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
TV. H. AVERT. General Agent.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spe*r-strMt Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARC £12 First Class Including Berth
IMUl $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails itor 84. Dec 4
GEO. TV. ELDER sails Nov. ». »
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In th* Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market at.
AMERICAN LINE.
VZV T0RX. B0TTTHiJIPT05. MMXW. MM3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a, m.
New York Nov. 31 New York Deo. 1J
St. PauV Nov. 28 St. Paul !>•«. 19
St. Louis Deo S St. Louis Dec W
RED STAR LINE.
Now York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Westernland ....Nor Jl FrMaJand .Deo 13
Kensington .-.Nor. 18 Southwark Dec. M
NoorfUnd Dec 5 WesternUnd ...Deo. M
For freight and passage «PPly to '
INTERNATIONAL NAVIOATION CO..
SO Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
I — :
(iPf lin!rS S L0. MAUWWSY0MT.
WvUMHV<>»<y«V V> DiREOI USE TO TAHITI.
83 MARIPOSA. for Honolulu, Samoa, N«w
ZeaUnd .^J^^^^r'Kri:^
Ss/zEAX^DL^JH^nol^only^^....^
J 0 SPnic'xELSi BBQS. :0..*gts..TIck3t OtTka. 843 HirtatSt
fr5£t Bffiea, 327 Martat SL. Piar In. 7. Parite SL
C0KPA6NH! 8HTKULI THAK81TtAjrTlQini.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^-,
Sailing evsry Thursday. Instead of ¦4££j&
Raturdsj from November X 1SSJ. at SmmM
10 "m/ Som Pl« 4i North River, foot of
\tnrton street. First-class to Havre. IX and
Sfwart Second-class to Havre. $U SO and wp-
waTd^GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES and CANADA. 13 Broadway (Hudson
bunding). N«w York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO..
Pacific Coast Agents, 3 Montgomery »y«nue,
P»n Francisco. -^— ,
BAY AND B1VJBH, STEA3OIRS.
FOR U. S. HAYY YARD AMD YALLEJO. '/
Steamer "Mentlcello."
HON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 1:43
s_ m.. S:1S. »:») p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlgbt); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. ajid 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. •
p m. Landing and office. Mls8ton-stre*t Dock.
pier No. 2. Telephon* Mala 150$.
7ARI2 - MXtA Woman Insolvent.
; Juliet H. Stark of Oakland; filed a peti
tion ;in insolvency; yesterday. Her lia
bilities are WS94 89 and her nominal assets
are.?3908. \ ; r ;--.v : « . '
LOTUS FELDMAN'S WELL
IS FTXED FOR PROBATE
, , , ,:--; i .
Estate Bequeathed to Decedent's Rel
atives — Testament of John V.
Ellis Becorded.
The will of Louis Feldman. who died Oc
tober 21 last, was filed for probate yester
day. Decedent's estate consists of 4996
shares of stock in the firm of L. Feldman
& Co ' valued at $105,000; 996 shares of the
California Broom Manufacturing Com
pany, valued, at $15,000; 200 shares ln the
Pacific Wooden Ware and Cooperage
Company, valued at $5000; a lot at Shot
well and Twenty-first streets, valued at
$30 000 ? two lots at Fifth and Kirkham
streets in Oakland, valued at $20,000. and
two lots in the Excelsior Homestead, val
ued at $5000. ¦. ¦-¦¦' . .
By the terms of decedent s will, which
was executed March 18, 1S87, on^-half of
the estate Is devised and bequeathed to
his widow, : Gretchen Feldman, and the
other -half to his children and step
daughter, Laura R. Peters. In a codicil
dated August 22, 1900, several Insurance
policies held by the deceased are be
queathed to Mrs. Feldman and the por
tion devised to Miss Peters in the will
Is withdrawn, she *having been provided
for some time ago. Mrs.- Feldman. Elsie
R. Feldman and Matllde G. R. Feldman
are named as ' executrices and Louis
Feldman as executor of the will.
The will of John V. Ellis, late secretary
at San Quentin Prison, who died Novem
ber 10 leaving an ! estate valued at over
$10,000. was also , filed - for probate. Mar
srery -Ellis, a" gTanddauRhter. Is devised
$500: a~ note for $3400 and 500 shares of
mining stock are given to Mrs. A. W.
Scott, a daughter: Miss Belle Ellis Is
given a bank deposit book in the Savings
and Loan Society, of unknown value; de
cedent's widow, r Mrs. v Margery E'lis, is
devised deposit books in the Hibernla
Bank and Savings Union, an Insurance
policy for $2000 and the residue of the
estate.'^^aQBpsQM%HBM9ttKB»BBHB
If ants give us an example of Industry
It's more than a good, many uncles do.
The California Society of. the Sons of
the American Revolution gave a banquet
last night at the Merchants* Club ln cele
bration of the one hundred and twenty
third anniversary of the agreement to the
articles of confederation. Women graced
the occasion with their presence, and song
and the wit and eloquence of famous post
prandial speakers made It memorable.
William H. Jordan presided and acted
as toast master. The banquet began at
6:30 o'clock. and at 9 o'clock Mr. Jordan
began his introductory remarks. Mrs.
John Madden sang "My Dreams," by
Tostl. The banqueters, charmed by tho
exquisite purity and sympathy of her
voice, demanded an encore, and she sang
"Take Me, Jamie."
Mr. Jordan read a letter of regrets from
Van R, Paterson, who was to have spoken
on "Conf deration to Nation." The toast
master said he had since learned that
Judge Paterson's Illness was serious and
fear was- felt that he would not recover.
General W. H. L. Barnes spoke with his
usual eloquence on "American Citizen
ship." Once he lapsed into politics and
received apparently unanimous applause.
He said in part:
Truly when the American citizen looks about
him and sees this magnificent country with Its
76,000,000 of free men and not a serf among
them not a town without its school, not a
home without its fireside of hope and faith, his
heart may well be fired with patriotism. We
go back through all our country's history of
achievement and It Is the source of our grand
est and greatest pride and happiness.
I have never doubted the average common
sense, of the American people. We have too
many school houses, too many churches, to let
any man this side of Lincoln. Nebr.. doubt this
common sense. The political flght has ended.
If we can realize that we have been ln a nght,
and the people have spoken. The result of this
contest has been worth more to America than
the victory of Dewey at Manila or of Samp
eon and Bchley at Santiago. It has told the
world that this nation moves upon the lines
of sound money, of political good faith, of na
tional honor and responsibility.
Robert Lloyd sang the prologue of
"Pagliaccl" and responded to an en
thusiastic encore. ¦
Judge John Hunt spoke of the Influ
ences of Colonial Dames," and his ad
dress, adorned with wit and with grace
ful tributes to woman's influence, was ln
many respects the feature of the evening.
Rev Bradford Leavitt. ¦ speaking on
"The Old Days and the New." made a
plea for high living. Ho said In conclu
sion:
"What the nation needs is more men of a
contemplative spirit, more men who have
tlmo. ft Is a shame for a man to have no hap
piness but in money, to acknowledge that he has
no time for other thinss than business. If
year by year you are conquering these ma
terial . tendencies", you are preparing a tran
quillity of soul which after all is the only thing
for which you have occasion to be thankful.
Mrs. Madden and Mr. Lloyd sang a
duet, "Repeat Again," by Badia. The
closing address was made by Commander
F. J. Drake, United States navy, on "The
American Navy of the Revolution."
PAY TRIBUTE
TO FOREFATHERS
A convention of California oil miners
was held last evening In the assembly
rooms of the Mills building, at which two
important decisions were reached. The
first was to fix the commission to be paid
to brokers engaged by the California Pe
troleum Miners' Association to sell stocks
of the companies at 10 per cent. The sec
ond was to authorize Colonel L. P. Crane,
the chairman, to appoint a committee of
seven to wait upon the Southern Pacific
Company and also upon the Santa Fe
Railway Company to ascertain if a lower
transportation rate on oil from the several
districts could not be obtained. In ac
cordance with this authorization General
W. H. H. Hart was made chairman of the
committee to wait upon the railway peo
ple and E. P. Heald and E. D. Berri were
also named as members of the committee.
The remaining members will be appointed
later.
Colonel Crane, ln calling the convention
to order, eald that one of the most vital
things to be considered was how to get
crude petroleum to the point of con
sumption. He also advocated co-operating
strongly with the California Miners' Asso
ciation.
There was much debate before any con
clusions were reached. Among the speak
ers were E. D. Berrl, Dr. C. T. Deane, W.
B. Wlnn. Sylvaln Solomon. L. P. Crane.
D. S. Thompson, J. B. Toplita. W. H. H.
Hart. Dr. J. 8. Potts and D. F. Belden.
The general opinion of the speakers was*
that the rates charged for the moving of
Oil from the districts were too large. Gen
eral Hart and others spoke of a pipeline
ln case the railways should not extend
their Hne9 to the places now lacking
transportation. General Hart said that 30
cents was about the proper rate for bring
ing the oil to San Francisco, as against 42
cents per barrel, the present rate. The
assembly room was filled with representa
tives of the oil companies. W. B. Sim
mons acted as secretary-
OIL MINERS WANT
LOWER FREIGHTS
Transport Logan Arrives.
The . United ; States , transport : Log an • ar
rived. In -port yesterday, -from f . Manila,'
bringing between 800 and 400 soldiers who
h«d been invalided home. ¦ She went direct
to tho Quarantine station at Angel Island,
Email Child Injured.
Margaret Farrell. six years old. living
with her parents at the southeast corner
of Sacramento and Polk streets, was run
cown yesterday ln front of her home by
a car of the Butter street line. She was
carried to a drugstore at the corner of
California and Polk streets and later re
moved to her home. Dr. Dorr of the Re
ceiving Hospital staff was summoned at
the Instance of the company; and found
that the girl's Injuries consisted of a.
broken leg and severe contusions of t the
eide.;"E.' McKevitt, the grlpman, waa ar
re*ted, but released on |100 cash ball.
Dies In an Ambulance.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 15.— A man named
William Vance ;was taken suddenly . ill in
a local livery stable this " afternoon and
died ln the ambulance^ while being taken
to the Receiving Hospital. He was -a
stranger in this vicinity, about 45 years
old. -:., He was sent to the County Hospital
some time ago suffering with two broken
ribs. Death was probably due to heart
disease.
Gifts Asked for Hartford's Crew.
An urgent appeal has been made to the
Y. M. C. A. by Chaplain R. E. Steole, U.
S.N., of the training ship Hartford, for
papers, magazines and comfort bags for
the men on that vessel.
All contributions to this cause should
be sent to W. B. Millar at the Association
general office. 3 West Twenty-ninth street,
New York City, before December 5. They
'will "be forwarded to the : Hartford for
Christmas.
Butcher's Team Runs Away.
A pair of horses hitched to a wagon be
longing to B. Salles and driven by John
H. Germain took fright on Pine street
yesterday and daehed down the steep in
cline near Flllmora street. Germain lost
control of the animals and the team ran
Into a. telegraph pole, with fatal results
to one of the horses. The other was cut
8nd bruised. Germain was thrown from
hi* seat and rendered unconscious. He
was removed to the Receiving Hospital,
where Dr. Starr found he had fractured'
his skull and broken his collarbone and
several of his ribs. Later in the after
noon he was removed to the French Hos
pital. He resides at 131S Seventh avenue
south. • ....
SUNSET BESIDENTS WANT
THE DISTRICT IMPROVED
Have Asked the Supervisors to Help
Them in Carrying Through
Their Projects.
The Sunset Improvement Club held a
meeting on Tuesday night last at which
Augustus Tilden presided. A report was
received from the executive committee
stating that the plan to increase the light
ing facilities of the district . by tne ad
dition of eight new arc lights and the im
provement of the service already Installed
had been carried before the Board of Su
pervisors and that 1 the prospects : for a
successful issue were good.
The report also states that the project
to macadamize H Btreet from First and
Nineteenth avenue, converting it into a
fine highway, is well underway and that
the construction of a; main- sewer on
Tenth avenue from L to J street Is be
ing agitated. New hydrants will be placed
In the latter district as soon as the lay
ing of eight-inch mains Is completed. New
flrealarni boxes have been promised for
the district, the report says.
. The club resolved to circulate a petition
asking that the overflow from the Alm«
house ¦¦-•¦ waste ; pond, which meanders'
through. the district, be diverted to some
less populous- locality. , ;
The ladles of> Sunset district, headed by
Mrs. Wallace Angelo. hava arranged I lo
open and operate a free library ifor-tha
residents and the: club has proffered iu
aid to the enterprise.
COBXNTHIANS^GIVE
GBEETTNG TO HYNES
Taking advantage of the appearance of
"Billy" Hynes the Corinthians thronged
the Orpheum last night to the exclusion
of every one' else from fifteen rows of
the center section. It was a greeting they
had prepared for their favorite and they
allowed three nights to go by to Jet him
get over any nervousness that he might
feel before greeting his old comrades from
the professional stage.
Hynes' appearance was the signal ¦ for
enthusiastic applause from every good
Corinthian who could stamp a foot or
thump his palms, and right well did he
respond to nls welcome. He talked and
he sang and he chose for his songs those
his old comrades of the yacht club had
known and loved and laughed over, so
that the applause had as much of mem
ory as of Rppreoiation in its racket, and
to end it all a huge, floral- Corinthian flag
was sent up to the stage and passed over
the footlights to the new star of vaude
ville. The yachtsmen were loth to let
their favorite go and he would be prob
ably doing his turn yet but for the edict
of the stage manager and an unfeeling
dropcurtaln that fell and would not rice
again.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 15.
Mr*. H. O. TrowbrMee. one of the
daughter* of Frederick Delger. the de
ceased millionaire of Oakland, has en
tered the medical department of the Uni
versity of California as a student, and in
tends to take a full course and secure a
physician's degTee.
This will be a great surprise to the many
friends of Mrs. Trowbridge. who never
eutpected such a step upon her part; and
of these friends there are many in Oak
land, for Mrs. Trowbridge was one of the
leaders of the beau mond> of Oakland.
Her beautiful home on Vernon Heights,
rear that of United States Senator Per
kins, was the center of the social, philan
thropic, artistic and literary Jife of Oak
land, and many of the most important of
Oakland's functions took place there. She
took a moft prominent part ln many of
the Oakland philanthropic and charitable
aspociaUors, such as the kindergartens,
Fabiola Hospital and others. She is one
cf the daughters of tho man who ownnl
more land ln Oakland than any other
tingle person, whose wealth was ln the
millions and whose inrome from his rent*
*'«( enormous. She had plenty of money
and used It in many charitable ways.
During the parly part of the Paris Ex
position season Mr. and Mrs. Trowbridge
¦went to Europe and toured the Continent
for several months. Mr. Trowbrldge th»»i
returned to Oakland, while Mrs. Trow
fcridge remained in Europe with her sister
axd completed the tour of the Old World
Mrs. Trowbridge's return home a few
weeks ago was very uuiet and she has
taken up her residence in San Francisco.
The Oakland home has been closed. Now
com?* the announcement that Mrs. Trow-
WILL TAKE UP
MEDICAL COURSE
ST. LOUTS NO LONGER
A FIELD FOB SINGERS
Manager Grau and Madame Schu
man-Heink Speak From a Bit
ter Experience.
"St Louis is no longer a musical town,"
bo Bays Maurice Grau. The music-loving
public of St. Louis on November 10 of
this month opened a musical festival sea
eon. They arranged with Impresario
Grau to include in the programme such
well-known artlsta as Mme. Nordlca.
Mme. Schumann-Heink, both of whom are
at present in this city, and Charles Gau
taler and Mme, Lilian Blauvet. Mr Grau
may have a fine ear for music, but he
alao has a very keen business sense, and
as he bade good-by to Mme. Nordica when
she started for St. Louis he also told her
that she was not to sing until she saw the
color of the coin. Her engagement price
was 11900, and when she appeared at the
concert hall she promptly told the man
agement that she would not go on until
she was paid. The management had to
go Into the highways and the byways to
get the money, but at last they scraped
together the amount. The, other three
artists were not so fortunate when they
arrived a day later. Business was very
much to the bad. and acting under Grau's
instructions Gautaier. Mme. Blauvet and
Mme. Schumann-Heink returned to Chi
cago without the St. Louis public hearing
them sing.
Manager Grau was seen last night in
the Palace Hotel, and was very willing to
talk on the subject.
"I told all my people to not sing •with
out getting their money in advance. Mme.
Nordica was paid, but the other three art
lets did not see any money in sight, and
acting under my Instructions they did not
sing. I am the loser on the proposition,
as I had to pay their railroad fares from
Chicago to St. Louis and return."
Mme. Schumann-Heink was engaged to
sing one night for $1000. She haa this to
say:
"It Is awful. I went there to sing and
there Is no place to sing. They promised
me 11000, but there Is no money. I ring
for a boy at the hotel; there is no boy.
I want to get a train; there is no train.
Say. tell me what is that place San
Loois."
Telegrams from St. Louis say that the
festival was all right, but that the people
did not appreciate It. The charge is open
ly made that the management to swell
the receipts sold peanuts and chewing
gum during the concerts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Nov. 15.
Because of a auarrel about a woman
Virgil Dimmick, a Southern Pacific
switchman, was seriously stabbed this
morning by Oran Watson, a waiter, who
has rooms at the German House, Wash
ington street, near Seventh, where the
cutting affray occurred. Watson is in
custody to await the results of the In
juries he inflicted, and Dlmmlck was re
moved to the woman's house, on Fifth
street. She Is known as Stella Walker.
The row occurred in Watson's room
shortly after 3 o'clock. Dlmmlck and the
waiter met in the woman's place. Later
they separated, Watson going to the
lodging-house. The waiter told the de
tectives that he had trouble with the
woman, and that she fald she was going
to force an apology. He saw Dimmick ac
companying her to his room and departed.
Later he returned, to find his unwelcome
guests still waiting for him.
There were words, and Watson says
Dlmmlck knocked him down twice. The
waiter gathered himself together, grabbed
a blackjack from under his pillow and hit
DImmick on the heaO. The weapon was
a piece of rubber hoso loaded with shot,
but the plug slipped out and the leaden
filling rolled out. Dimmlek rushed upon
Watson, and then the waiter pulled a
knife and stabbed his assailant repeat
edly. ' One cut that reached the right lung
is very dangerous, . according to the Re
ceiving Hospital surgeons, who attended
the wounded man.
Watson fled after the assault, but was
arrested by Policemen Sill and Lynch at
the rear of the German House. He was
not regretful, but declared he had been
compelled to defend himself from DIm
mick, who had been kicking him.
The woman's statement to the police
was in the main corroborative of the
waiter's story.
Dimmick is married and has a family.
He resides at 1524 Fifth street. Watson
has been employed at the Piedmont res
taurant.
QUARREL CAUSES
UGLY STABBING
bridge has taken up a medical course,
w i5 vrin keep her ln San Francisco and
will prevent her taking any interest ln her
former Oakland associations.
Mrs. Trowbrldge has always been an ac
l N? w "°, man . and her medical studies are
Deneved to be more for development than
i rv?f ? ua L use her Property interests
ln Oakland are large and valuable.
OPENING NIGHT OF ART
ASSOCIATION EXHIBITION
lery of the Hopkins
Mansion.
Well Dressed Crowd Throngs tho Gal-
I^ast evening was the opening of the
fall exhibition of the Art Association. It
was a private view for the members of
the organization, and they took the full
est advantage of the occasion. The ex
hibition this year is limited to the works
of California artists.
The main gallery of the Hopkins man
sion is hung- with canvases portraying
every subject known to the painter's
fancy. The pictures are not particularly
numerous, but they have been well se
lected and there is a notable absence of
pictorial wallflowers. Nearly all the local
artists are represented and amonsr them
are some new names that may follow the
worth of their work into public favor.
Of the old ones Keith is there and La ti
mer and Gamble and Miss Froellch and
CadenaBSo and Stanton and Mrs. Chltten
den and half a hundred others. Keith has
several landscapes which attract much At
tention and Mrs. Chlttenden has two
flower pieces characteristically beautiful
and a portrait of a little girl which even
as early as last evening In the hum of
the social distractions of opening nlarht
found favor enough to hold a crowd bo
fore it.
A feature of the exhibition is a number
of designs for the monument to the vol
unteers to be erected In Golden Gate Park.
The designs are exhibited in the main
hallway and divide honors with the pict
ures in the gallery.
The opening night was distinctively a
social affair. There was soft music to
lend its charm to the place and the oc
casion. The exhibition will be open every
morning, afternoon and evening until De
cember 13, and on several of the evenings
between this and the closing promenade
concerts will be added to the general at
traction.
OAKLAND. Nov. 15.— Amid the fra
grance of early violets, great
splashes of color of carnations and
chrysanthemums in a feathery pet
ting of pampas and a host of friends. Miss
Florence Hayden was formally introduced
into society this afternoon at an "at
home" given by her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Brace Hayden. st their homo at 1228 Madi
son street. It was a brilliant affair and
one of the notable ones of the social sea
son..
The young debutante has many friends
Jn Oakland, and though she has lived here
but two years, she has already taken a
prominent part in the events in which the
younger set are interested. Her parents
ere the possessors of a large circle of
friends and acquaintances. From the 500
invitations sent out there came an almost
¦unanimous response. The reception
lasted from 4 to 7 o'clock and Mrs. and
Miss Hayden were assisted In receiving
by Mrs. llenry C Taft. Mrs. J. A. Folger.
Mrs. Brayton, Miss Ruth Dunham, Miss
Man- Barker. Miss Georgie Lacy. Miss
Eldie Gregory. Miss Rowena Moore, . Miss
Viva Nicholson, Mies Edith Selby, the
Misses Ruth and Alice Knowles, Miss
Bessie Palmer. Miss Bessie Center. Miss
Crissie Taft and Miss Olive MicUleton.
The gowns of the ladles who received
were very handsome. That of the de- :
butante was a handsome creation of white
crepe de chine with Irish lace trimmings. ;
Miss Hayden carried a large bunch of '
beautiful white bride roses. Mrs. Hay
den'e gown consisted of black lace over
cerise.
The interior of the Hayden home was
effectively decorated. At various places
there were bullrushes. huckleberry
branches and pampas plumes. T'pon the
tables and stands about the rooms rested
large vases full of wax-like roses, carna
tions and violets. Chinese lanterns Illu
minated the verandas and ground*. Sweet
music was dispensed by mandolin and
guitar players.
During the hours of the reception there
was a continuous intermingling of callers I
and the murmur of busy conversation.
I pon Miss Hayden many congratulations
*nn weleomincs were showered, all of
which she received with graceful acknowl
edgement.
In the evening dinner was served, of
which a chosen number partook. The
decorations of the dlning-foom were green
and white and were verv fetching. Smi
lax, white chrysanthemums and white
carnations figured in the display. There
were several small tables, besides a large
one. at which the guests sat. The young
ladies who assisted Miss Hayden in re
ceiving and the following named young
men were the guests: Philo IJndley. Ray
Hanna, Rlchworth Nicholson, Parker
Holt. Walter Lelmert. Earl Anthony,
Robert Newell, William King, Thomas
Knowlea. Aldrich Barton, A. Center. Kay
Crawford, Lloyd Lacey and William
Watt.
• • • ¦
"Williams-Graham. Wedding.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15.-Mlss Alice Gra
ham and David B. Williams were married
yesterday afternoon at the home of the
bride's mother, Mrs. K. Doud, 2112 Blako
street. Dr. II. C. Minton officiated. Mls<?
Mabel Grant was bridesmaid and B. E.
Williams groomsman.
Miss Graham is well known in' this city.
Mr. Williams is a stock raiser of. Gon
zales.
lilfcS FLORENCE HAYDEN. DAUGHTER OF HARDWARE MERCHANT OF SAN FRANCISCO AT HER PA
RENTS' BEAtrTlFTJL RESIDENCE IX OAKLAND MISS HAYDEN WAS INITIATED INTO THE PLEASURES
OF SOCIETY LIFE. THE OCCASION BEING A LARGELY ATTENDED "AT HOME."
* T"*l ¦;¦¦-¦• ¦
iss Florence Hayden Makes Her Soeial Debut at Home
Funetion Attended by Oakland's Swell Set.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov. 15.-C. W. Har
ris came to Phoenix very quietly about
two weeks ago ¦with C. M. Binford's run
away wife. The pair will probably arrive
in Los Angeles to-morrow,' but not to
gether. Mrs. A. C." McComas. mother of
Claire Blnford, will also be on the train.
Harris stopped In Phoenix after his ar
rest long enough to plead not guilty to the
charge of unlawful cohabitation before
United States District Judge Street to
day, when he bought a ticket, for Los An
geles.
Mrs. McComas and Claire left on the
same train, the former stating that she
•would go through to the coast, but re
fused to give the destination of her
daughter. Charles Binford, she said, has
arranged for the future disposition of his
wayward wife, and she Indicated that Mr.
Binford, firmly believing in the Innocence
of his wife, has agreed to a family re
union.
Elnford's orlglnnl plan was to secure the
acquittal of his wife and offer no opposi
tion to a divorce. It now seems probable
that In case of her acquittal she will re
join him In Prescott.
A large crowd thronged the courtroom
to-day to witness the arraignment of.
eight United States prisoners, seven of
whom are charged with violating the
Edmunds act. Harris. Claire and Mrs.
McComas formed the,center of attraction.
Harris pleaded not guilty, and his case
was set for December IS.
Claire, closely followed by her mother,
walked down the aisle and they seated
themselves opposite Harris. They were
noticeably harassed by the gaze and
whisperings of the spectators. The fixed
expression on Claire's face gave way to a
smile as she remarked the reporters, but
she resumed her grave demeanor after u
stolen glance from Harris. Her case is
also set for December IS. •
"Although we are all convinced of
Claire's Innocence," remarked Mrs. Mc-
Comas upon leaving the courtroom, "still
it is awful to be compelled to face a
crowd of Idlo curiosity-seekers, whose
ideas of my daughter's troubles are
greatly distorted."
Harris walked within a few feet of
the mother and daughter and looked as
though he would like to explain to the
couple how It happened.
"You may Bay," continued Mrs. Mc-
Comas. ."that I have been with my daugh
ter constantly since my arrival, and I
am polnsr to etay with her. I -was in San
Francisco when I heard of the affair, and
although they wanted me to continue my
trip to New York with my daughter Alice
I am now more than repaid, since £ am
now satisfied of her Innocence. She did
not know much about th« world and was
very susceptible to hypnotism."
Mrs. McComas then proceeded to give
her views on hypnotism, "Which some
people scoff nt," she said, "but which is
a stern reality. Mrs. Blnf6rd went to
Harris for treatment when she would
have been unable to tip the scale at 95
pounds. A few weeks' hypnotic treatment
Increased her weight to 125 pounds, al
though Los Angeles doctors told her be
fore she adopted Harris' treatment that
she could not live three weeks." •
' "Then Harris saved your life," asked
the reporter of Mrs. Blnford. "Yes," she
replied. "But I wiph I had died."
Since Harris" admission to ball he has
grained considerable sympathy and won
friends. It was a case of infatuation mis
taken for love, think many people, and
most of them express the wish that both
Harris and Claire Blnford will escape the
wrath of Uncle Sam.
Eloping Couple Appear in Court at
Phoenix, Where They Are the
Center of Attrac
tion.
Mother of the Erring Woman
Speaks in Hir
Behalf.
SAY S MRS. BINFORD
WAS HYPNOTIZED
IS FORMALLY INTRODUCED
INTO SOCIETY'S GAY WORLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1900.
- ¦ ¦ .
Services of Solemn Magnifleenee; With D. M. Delmas as
Orator, Will Be Held at Grand Opera-House.
ELKS WILL HONOR MEMORY
OF BROTHERS GONE BEFORE
the eulogy. The committee Is trying to
secure the services of Walter Damrosch
to lead the orchestra on this occasion, and
should he consent, he in himself will be
quite a feature in the musical part of the
programme.
The Rev. Fsther Smith, who Is at pres
ent the leading representative of the
Paullst order in this city, will possibly de
liver the benediction. The floral decora
tions on the stage will be a special
feature this year. A prominent local
florist has already submitted plans to the
committee and they have been, accepted.
The admission to the services will be by
The memorial committee is compoowl of
Dr. E. N. Short (chairman), Robert P.
Churchill. L. C. Iuen, Philip Bolger, A.
J. Carmany, Thomas J. McCann and J.
K. Odell. Theodore P. Bonnet, exalted
ruler of the order, will conduct the ser
vices.
The lodge has lost three members in the
last year and the secretary will call three
times the names of Brothers Somps,
Frost and Davis.
invitation, each member of the lodge be
ins allowed five seats. Last year the
members did not sit In the body of the
house together, but this year it ha<? been
decided to return to the old custom.
THE memorial services of San
Francisco Lodge No. 3, Benev
olent and Protective Order of
Elks, will take piece Sunday
afternoon, December 2, at the
Grand Opera-house. The Memorial com
mittee, having charge of the affair Is
working hard to make the services
the finest that have ever been given In
this city. D. M. Delmas has kindly con
sented to deliver the oration, and J. J.
Barrett, who la a member of the lodge
and who made such a splendid oration
last year, is down on the programme for
MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE THAT IS PREPARING FOR THE ELKS* MEMORIAL. SERVICES WHICH ARE
TO BE HELD IN THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE ON DECEMBER 2. THE EXERCISES THIS YEAR WILL. BE
MORE IMPRESSIVE THAN EVER BEFORE.
EQUITABLE UNABLE
TO PAY ITS DEBTS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Nov. 15.
The Equitable Building and Loan Asso
ciation of Oakland cannot pay its debts
and Attorney General Tirey L. Ford, for
Prank H. Gould and E. D. SlcCabe. State
Building and Loan Association Commis
sioners, has commenced suit against It to
force it to close its doors.
In the suit which was filed in the
Superior Court this afternoon the com
missioners ask that a perpetual Injunc
tion be issued against the corporation and
that, a receiver be appointed to take
charge of the property.
As grounds for this action the complaint
states that the Equkablo Building and
Loan Association is conducting its busi
ness in an unsafe manner and hazardous
to those having funds in its custody. It
also eays that unless enjoined from con
tinuing the business further Jt will result
in irreparable injury to the people of the
State of California,
These allegations are 'founded on the
report of the Commissioners of the
Building and Loan Associations, which
was made after an examination of the
books on October 6. The commissioners
then found that 'the corporation was con
ducting its business at a loss. The assets
were found to amount to $57,069 21. while
the liabilities amounted to 159,240 03
The cause Qf this condition is stated to
be an unwise loaning of large amounts of
money on real property which had re
verted to the corporation In default of
payment of the loans. The property com
ing into the hands of the corporation in
this way amounts to $27,414 91. It. has*
greatly depreciated in value and. is hard
to realize upon for the reason that It Is
still depreciating. Besides this large sum
there is outstanding on loans on real
estate $25,433 39.
There is at present a suit pending
against the association to recover some
$2700. which was invested by a Mrs. Corn
stock. She claimed that she could not get
her money even after repeated demands
and was finally forced to attach the prop
erty of the association. ¦; "••.-. -;.¦•
9
A SECOND DISH
Showed the Value of Condensed
Food.
"It is a delicious novelty and very
grateful to the palate. I found, about
midway in my second dish, that I had
sufficient for a meal and realized for
the first time that I was eating a con-
densed food that supplies one s wants
with a few spoonfuls and does not re-
quire anything like the volume to
furnish the amount of food required
as when any of the ordinary forms of
cereals are served. Grape-Nuts are
an elegant food and the Postum Cereal
Co.. Lim.. are to be congratulated
upon the discovery." said a well-known
fancy grocer of prand Rapids.
GRAPE-NUTS.
• "Grateful to |
• the Palate." •
• o
q 6a>s a Fancy q
8 Grocer 0
I o? Grape-Nuts, £
2 The famous food. n I
WHAT I SAW IN THE FOR-
BIDDEN CITY.
BY FRED WH1TZENBUKG.
A Californian was the first man to
w enter the Forbidden City, and he tells
B the story for the Sunday Call of what
1 j|B he saw and found there,
THE SACRED FIRE WALK-
TT1| A ERS OF TAHITI.
1 i I tj BY KATE McLENNON,
Who has spent most of her life among
the strange tribes of the South Seas,
-g ¦"¦" and tells of a people who walk bare*
W^ .j« gm fm w y footed on red-hot stones.
J INDIAN WHO GAVE AWAY
p || HIS ENTIRE FORTUNE AT
I Q I I A POTLACH.
¦ Ml.
¦ - THE STRANGEST BEDROOM
November thb 'N SAN FRANCISCO.
EIGHTEENTH. —
"" ¦" — SWELLEST OPERA CLOAKS
THE SUNDAY: CALL ,», TMr riTY
x LEADS THEM ALL. l?i ¦"LV 11 *
THE STORY OF MOLLY BIG
BUFFALOTHE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1900.
10
SA.\ FRAXCISCO CALL.
BTTEINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
C*!l. corner of Market and Third street*, open
until V o'clock every eight In the year.
ERAXCTI OFFICES— K7 Montgomery street
corner Clay; cpen until 8:20 p. m.
rX) Hayes rtreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C3j> McAllister etreet; cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
CIS Lurkin Etreet; cpen until 9:20 p. m.
JM1 M'.csion street; cpen until 10 p. m.
rrci Market etreet corner Sixteenth; open
r-fU » r. m.
IC6 mniliraj rrrwt : open onttl t p. in.
3CTC Valencia street; open until S p. m.
Xorthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreetf: epen until 9 p. ra.
JIEETIXG XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commardery No. 1. JL^JL-
T.. 8 Post Et— Regular asiembly Tills ,rxr
EVKJCTJCO at 7:2u o'clock. Order of jfBj
the Tenu'le. All fraJers courteously
invited. 13y orArr of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Loire No. 1. F. and A. ¦
M.. will meet THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN-
ING. Nov. 16, at 7:30 o'clock. Third 5^J\
decree. By order of the ilarter. ' ~ »
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
OPaENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. a
M.-Th'.rd dfgrce THIS (FRIDAY) _£\^
EVENING at 7:SP o'clock. Master lI2r
llnscas cordially Invited. / '
A. 8. HUBBAPJP. Secretary.
YEH.EA Baer.a Lodge No. 15, I. O.
O. F.— Officer* cr.i members, y.-u f^g^oSa
c_-# requested to assemble at th* Vfc£rjH*gg^
Jodgerocm FRIDAY. Nov. 16. at 'WSS*^
1 p. ra. to axtend the funeral of our late
brother. C. C. STEVENS.
JOHN A. OlILSOy. Xcble Grand.
APOLLO Lodge No. US. I. O. O.
F.— First (Imt) J.:rree THIS (FRI- <Co?J2?S2t •
OAT) KIGHT. at S o'clock, by
Apcllo Ixxi^e degree team. Mem- •/i«v^-
bera and visitors cordially Invited.
HANDEL H. ZOBEL. NT. O.
IT. F. NCRCROSS. Itec. Sec.
OPHTR Lodge No. 171. I. O. O. F.—
Members will please take notice
that the Gresi Master, W. W.
WATSON, vnl\ pay us an oSc'.al 'vnv*'
visit THIS fFRIDAT) EVENING. Visiting
brothers conilaJly Invited.
W. O. FORD. N. G.
CALEXONIAN CTub— Annual election .
of cf fleer* wl!l be held THIS (FRI- 3, t»w2
DAY) EVENING at Scottish Hail. "j&Xlfc*
117" Larkin «t. Polls open from *^*9*
t:Ip to S:30 c m. ANGUS McLEOD.
ANDREW McN'AIR. Sec. Chief. ,
ANaT'AL matins— Tbe regular annual meeting
of the Etockholders cf the Honolulu Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of
the eempanv. No. S27 Market Etreet, San
FTencisco. California, on MONDAY, the 19th .
<5cy cf November, 1900, at the hour of U ;
o'clock a. nx, fcr the purpose of electing a .
board of directors to serve for the enfulng j
j-egr, and. the transaction cf euch other busl-
r.ef-s as rcay come before the meeting. Trans- .
fer bocks will close on Thursday. November I
fc. 1S0C. at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON*. Secretary.
AJTjrCAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
cf tbe stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Cotrptr-y will be heia at the effice cf the com-
pany. No 2T7 Market etreet. San Francisco,
C^irornia, on MONDAY, the ISth day of No-
venayr. 1900. at the hour cf U o'clock a_ m.,
tot the purpose cf electing a board cf direc-
tor to ferve for the ensuing year, and the .
transaction of such ether businees ae may 3
cope before the meeting. Transfer booka
w'.ll close on Thursday, November 8, 1900, at
£ «'clock ; . :::.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
y — —^—^— —^ — »^ 1
AGESTS "WASTED.
FOrvjETHING new; ftllt by showirg. Call fore- •
nopn 4% Thirteenth Ft., near Valencia.
f-nC'URE agency Xmas novelty; sample . 20c
Ffirt iTTTMit Ap-fn*?' Supply Co.. 1325 Market.
ASPIIALTIM ItOOFIXG.
J. I'ELTIER. asphalt roofing. FldewaJks re-
pained: poFtal. ll'-fi MiFBlon: tel. Folso»i 1697.
ASTROLOGV.
r>R. C. TOfFKY TAYLOR. Scientific A«rolo- •
r»r KM copy "Th" New Moon." 7G3 Market. •
ATTOItXKYS AT LAW.
R. M\ KIXG. fr: Mark<* St.. 6th floor, room b?7
— IJVtates. damage*, attach m»ntF, bankruptcy. I
collections; afl cas^e; fair le^s; no advance
ch(.rg»»£; loans on estates. Tel. How«rd 1537.
ADVICE free; divcrce law a. specialty; private: !
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
H<J\VE. H-.ty at law, hZO Market, cor. Stockton, j
I. EPW. "jAKRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Mjjrket f:s.; phone Red E2€2.
A1">TICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. EII7 Market et.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Fpreckels b'.dg.. S27 Max-
k<M ft.: cont-altation free; no fees In advance.
BATH CAUIM2TS.
P.OriTNSON, Niagara, Perrection anTothersTwl
B. IJROWN CO.. agencv. 426 Ellis et.. S. F.
UK H l.i:»— lor tale or r.irhniiKf,
GOOD seccnd-hsrid bicycles; Al condition; Co-
lumblas. Whites, Hartfords. Allen, 1970 Page.
COAFTEK brakes; $7 1% put en. ALLEN. S01 I
I-arkin et. . *
UOARD1XG FOIl CUILDRE.X.
IinFINEI* lady would take~a child ~to~board7
iT'iod heme. 27U Fell Et.
IlLSIXIiSS CUAXCES.
A— OLD established fancy grocery, wine and
liquor store; establjshtd. for years and known !
as a first -class pa^-lng business; half Interest '
Ear sale; price $2i""; retiring partner leaving 1
for north. Particulars K. G. WILKE, ZCft ,'
Kearny st. , ; % . j j
A— SZZOO; WINE and liquor saloon doing a i
pplendld business; established S years; i
choicest location on Market rt. ; rent $100; long
lease. Call H. G. WILKE. KM Kearny st.
$200 — COFFEE and lunch parlor, doing a good
business; on one cf the best streets In city
R. G. WILKE. 26'j ICearny at.
A— {aw— Oyster ard chop houee, opposite R. R.
depot, across ihe bay; dally receipts $30; rent
?2o. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 36Vj Kearny.
A— KS00; CLEANING and dying works; estab-
lished for many years; a clear monthly profit
of Si'-.'.' guaranteed: knowledge of business not
necessary; a rare chance, but muet be taken
tt one*. Call R. O. WILKE, 261i Kearny et.
A— $27L0; CORNER liquor store and saloon, one
block from Call bldg.; place clearing $300 per
month; lease; first-class business opening.
Call R. Q. WILKE. 2CH Kearny Bt.
A— $750; COFFEi: saloon, oyster and chop bouse;
close to Alcazar Theater; rent $7J; a flrst-claas
paying business; cickness compels owner to
•acriflce. Hee R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny et.
A— S5000; SALOON on Market et.; rent S76. ln-
cluding 11 furnished rooms; dally receipts
sbout £>0; mercantile lunch; lease; first-class
I»«j Ing proposition. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
2* : ,4 Kearny st. ; x,,,
A— 1250; CORN'ETt Fiioon In wholesale district;
place CTtab. years; good paying; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 2€H Kearny et.
A— tWO; BOOK store on Suiter st. doing a good
business; owner must leave In 1 week for
KaFt; stock Invoice* near double. Call R, G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny Ft.
BAKERY with ovcn^all complete; *'lll rent or
mI! <hnp. LANE & CO.. 865 Market et
PARTNER wanted, man or woman; business
' a*fi**"*hii1 for years. LANS & CO.. 865 Mkt.
A PARTNER wanted Jn a manufacturing and
contracting business; duties will be the col-
larting, taking orders Sn office and keeping ao-
• counts. J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. €22 Market.
$500— ON account of sickness; restaurant In
licrkeley, clearing 1100; splendid opportunity
for liusband and wife. CLOSE. 23» Kearny.
WANTED— Lease on hotel or lodging house,
§ furnished, city or country, with a view to
purchase. Box 2CL Call office.
FOR SALE: — Cheap; fruit, vegetable and va-
ricty store; corner Hyde and Vallejo ata. ;
rent low. Apjily premlces.
SAL' "ON for sal*; located 1 block from Hall of
Jupti^e-. near Kearny tt. Apply 640 Commer-
<"lai »rt.
FOR Bale cheap— A good paying barber-Fhop;
iorated in the rr.ain part of the city; reasons
of BaJe retiring froni business. Address all
eomniur.ication to It, P. O. box CSO. Sacra-
mi.-cto. Oalifrirnia.
a— M000; BRKWERY and bottling works; owner
ha* other business: cannot attend to both; ;
will p'-l! hsif or whole Interest. See owner.
605 Hattery Et.
J-Y»n eale cheap— An old-established botcher
ehop In good lor-stlon; on account of owr.fr
retiring from business. Apply E. M., box ?O.
Call.
jl— FOR sale on ar-count of fickness; one of the
oldest, and best-knerwn restaurants and saloon;
13000 to $50«0 required. Apply 116 Front st.
BEST paying roadhouse In the. State; must be
Fold this week; party going East. Addrees
W. KLUCK. Vallejo. Cal. -
S7Zf>— ELEOANTLY furnished restaurant: Lee-
palmer; co»t $4000; a snap. Apply D. M.
RAE, £27 Mission Bt.
A— fcOO; DELICACY & home bakery: clean $150
mo.: cacrlflced: trial given. 1022 Market, r. 4.
I2S0— GOOI> paying restaurant for Bale; rent $18.
with living room*. 573 Hayes Et.
tl"O— NEAT coJTee ealoon, near Market; ¦ rent
17 50. ATJ.l7.En Mission rt. ;•:--;%;:¦]
BUSI.\ESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
ICOO— CORNER saloon on business street, S
blocks from Call building; *reasons departure
for the East. For particulars apply ¦ to 6.
BLUMENTHAL & CO.. 65S and 660 Mission.
A GOOD chance for party with small capital to
Invest In gents* furnishing goods and notions,
with etore fixtures; for sale cheap. Inquire
variety etore. 2012 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
A— BARGAINS in rooming houses, branch bak-
eries, restaurants, business ohances, real es-
tate. 1032 Market et.. room 4.
GROCERY and bar In good location: stock In
eight for rull purchase price. XV. L. HAR-
PER. 337 Parrott building. >• v
$12.000— NEW building and stable; lot lOOxllO;
grocery and bar, stock and fixtures; on end
of car line; clearing $300 a mo. Box 120. Call.
WILL trade ranch near city for paying busi-
n«w. Address Mutual, box 231, Call office.
BAKERS— Baker}' complete to let; NW. cor.
24th and Guerrero ets. Owner 128 Chattanooga.
"WHITE Front saloon. E39 Washington *t.; no
.agents; good chance; going to country. '-
WANTED— Butcher's fixtures for small «hop,
light horse and wagon. Box 2S4, Call office.
A— SNAP
ChOD house. 239 Eighth et.
FOR sale— A S8-room lodging-house; price rea-
Eonable. E49 Howard st., near Second. •.'¦>'
FISH and delicacy etore for sale. Address 346
Virginia st.. Vallejo.
INSIDE route on this paper for eale. Apply
CALL business office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
tubscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— » ROOMS: excellent value $800
11 " No reasonable offer refused 150
II " Clears $50 a month 600 I
14 " Corner houee; only 475
W " Golden Gate; cash only 700
27 " Clears $125, guaranteed 1150
80 " Al investment 1400
88 " Big money maker.... - 1S00
44 " Transient house 200O
B5 " A sunny corner 2750
E6 " Elegantly furnished 4000
SO " Modern and complete 9000
100 " Magnificent house 9500
Some high-class family Hotels In all dis-
tricts. Cash or easy terms. We assist you half
the purchase money.
HAYES & WILSON. S3S Market (The Elite).
A. L. WILLEY. room IS. 916 Market et.
18 rooms. $750; rent, with water, $25; Howard
Bt., near new Postorflce; all rented.
15 rooms, $1100; rent, with water, $65; Geary
it; oak furniture; hot water In every room.
23 rooms, $1700; rent $100; one floor; Market
St.. opposite L O. O. F. building.
Other houses, lots, farms, mines and any-
thing you want for eale or exchange. 916 Mar-
ket st. ; open from S to (; phone Black 5215.
LODGING-HOUSES wanted for cash customers.
Wilier. 91« Market, rm. IS; phone Black £215.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., room 1. Free list.
New bargains every day— gqpd-paylng houses.
Over MO; all sizes and prices; terms easy.
11 rooms; pays well; rent $40 $500
15 rooms; rent $55; full; respectable 800
15 rooms; good house and central S50
IS rooms; full: clears J?0 month 60O t
6S rooms; clean; central; apartments 3500 j
55 rooms; snap: central; paying 3600
27 rooms; Tight; good furniture; fine 1000
45 rcomfi; apartments; clears $107 month. 1600
BUYERS of lodging-houses will find large list; j
flne bargains In lodjlng-houses. Samples: i
102 rooms; rent $64; price $1100.
12 rooms; rent $34; price $400.
44 rooms; rent tZZQ; flne corner; clears $300 a
month; r>rlce $4000.
We loan money to buyers at 1H r>er cent.
8CHWEINHARD & CO., 917 Market ft., be-
tweon Fifth- and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911. !
A— 22-ROOM house; central $1000 I
20-rootn house; first class... 1030 i
11-room house. $475; 6-room flat 325 I
2^-roorn house: Eddy; rent $75: only 800
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
AN elegantly furnished boarding-house of 24 j
rooms; always full of desirable boarders: pay- ¦
Ing well; rent reasonable; In good central lo-
cation: large grounds: will pell at a bargain to I
right party. Address box 234. rail office. |
A. BARGAIN— House, 27 room*, and full; no
work; cheap rent. Inquire Call office.
WILL pay cash for lodging-house of 25 to 40
rooms; must be cheap. Box 9. Call office.
14-RCOM sunny corner new house: new furnl- I
tur<*: all full: sacrificed. 1032 Market at., r. 4. i
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS. j
EECOND-HAND surrey, trap top road buggy ;
and cart at O'BRIEN'S, 500 Golden Gate ave. j
HNGLIPH ladies' and gente' saddles ch?ap. 32» j
Golden Gate ave. )
ALL kinds of warons. buggies, carte, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & EON. 2117 Mission at. j
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light j
camping waroa. for sale cheap. B32 Mission. !
NEW & Cd-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har- \
n»g, work & driving h^rsef. 15th & Valencia. :
"~ — "^"™ " *— 1 "** — **" *^~^"T^"" " **" i
SPIRITUALISM. ¦
MRS. DR. FARXHAM, world-renowned spirit- !
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law- !
suits, divorcee, deaths; unites the pcparatM; ;
mining a cpecialty; cirs. Sun., Wed.. Fri. ev's; i
come and be convinced. Permanently located '
t!3 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign. \
EDWARD EARLEf elate writer, has removed ¦.
to Z(K) Ellis st., cor. Taylor; Sunday night i
Pythian Castle. !
MRS. HARLAND'P circle to-night; Bealed Jet- j
ters read. 10c; business sittings, $1. 14S Sixth. ;
KME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, i
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st, room* 1. J
MRS. LESTER, 10S5 Market St., room 1; circles ',
gun., Tues., Fri.. 8 p. m. ; 10c; read, daily, j
"CONSULT WATSON." 1EB1 Mkt.. nr. 12th; j
medium, clairvoyant psychic & palmist; 50c&$l.
MRS. CORNELIA, formerly Mrs. Anthony, re-
turned to bu^inecg; spiritualist. 48 b»venth. i
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. bus. 1
medium, life reader; sitt. tl. 1184 OTarreU. j
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J, j
Meyer. eittinKS: convincing testa to-night; 10c. j
CLAIRVOYANTS. ,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Bend etamp for pamph-
let with epecial terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second eight;
diagnoses dlse&se with life reading; ladies 60o.
gents $1{ palm and clalr. sit tl 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third et.. next Examiner.
MRS. E. SANDERS, E14 Taylor Bt.. near Oeary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thurs., 2 p. m.; Fri.. 8; dr. 25c.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsv clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
Cth; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
REMOVED— The creat Inspirational card read-
er; price 25c and SOc; hours 10 a. m. till 9 pm.
MADAME VAX BERGEN. 228 Fulton st
MR8. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader.me-
dium; 25c up. S23 Mission et..nr.4th: ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 1125 Mission St.. upstairs.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
preset future. 25c. 148 Sixth st. room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
l£t and card reading. 25c. 1241V4 Market st.
MRS. iirSLVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 23c. 1143 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
fittings dally. HS% Jessie St.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advW; names jr!ven;-25c up. 5 Fourth st
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
palnle^: connult'n f ree. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. Tl
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
leSH successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
CAJtl'ET^ "EATING AAD ¦ CLEAN IX G.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 333-327 Tehama ft.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 213 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpents cleaned,
2c yd. : laying a specialty. Phone Mission 10$.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth «t.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 2(0 Fourteenth ft: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, rngr.. 3S-40 Sth St.: tel South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet -Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 833 GolJsn
Gate ave.: telephone Ea«t 128. .
COTTAGES TO LET.
T^ >«t— A cottage, 4 rooms; rent $10 per month;
large yard; forner Jersey and Sanche*. Ap-
ply at grocery. ?
t6^-HOUSE of 4 rms., worth J14; In city, • near
Holly Park; water free. 64 Silver st.. off 3d.
FOLSOM. rat-Cottage 7 rooma and bath; large
yard; rent 13.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 ilar-
ket et.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have .your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to i
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE XV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for. 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, EOo;
crowns, $3 60; plates, full set, $3 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth et.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors. 1019
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O. YOUNG,'
1S41 Polk fit
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full fet of terth, $4; crowns, $3; filllnga, 25c.
LOWEST prices In B. F. ; painless extraction,
60c. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Et.. corner Sixth.
DEPILATORY. \
O. C. C. — A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co., ag'cy. 426 Ellis.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MoDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cnt; evening class. 1018 Market st
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
S. F. Di-eesmaklnc, Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
Ilnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
EDUCATIONAL/
GALLAGH^R^MTR^H^o^legen^rottBla^.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn in a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 53, Thurlow block, 126 Kearny st
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st; day
and evening; individual instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
Ehorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
WANTED— An experienced teacher to give
conversational leEsor.s In English to a pri-
vate pupil. Address box 26S, Call.
A thorough, experienced teacher of stenography
and typewriting wishes private pupils; testi-
monials; satisfaction guaranteed. Box 249, Call.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrot bldg,
he would not: be wise.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 301 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, afpay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
KENT Law Sohool;'74S McAllister St.; day and
night 'Phone Jessie 1666.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music etudto;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Nisht class. 424 Pine st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CLASSIFIED advertiKements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
EMPLOYMENT .OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; e?tab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Poft ft., near Powell; telephone Bush 133.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 528 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main B1S8.
JAPANESE Houpecleaning Co.— Waiters.cooks,
dishwashers; est. 1890. 1036 Oak; tel. Page 647.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
(urn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Emnloj-ment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese hflp. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day; call or
telephone. MRS. NORTON. 318 Sutter at.
A NEAT English woman; good cook and house-
worker; $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st j
RELIABLE woman would like to do house-
work for home and small wages In Protestant
family; references. Addret* H. D., box 270,
Call ofllce.
LADY would like position as housekeeper in
lodging houpe; has had experience.' Box 260,
Call office.
A RESPECTABLE young woman would like
¦work by the day or by the week and sleep
home. Call at S29 Sixth st. ...
POSITION wanted by a competent second rlrl
and waitress. Call or address 126 Lily ave,,
bet. Gough and Octavla st«.
WANTED— Position as collector by bright ener-
getic young lady; no triflers; salary; refer-
ences exchanged; Al recommendation. Ad-
dress box 240. Call office.
MIDDLE-AOED lady wlshea situation. as house,
keeper or cook on milk ranch; city or coun-
try. 124 Welch st.
WANTED— By a good woman, a position as
cook where there la no woman to Interfere.
t?0 Gough st.
RESPECTABLES German woman wishes place
as housekeeper; city; good ref. 606 Fourth.
AX experienced young girl wants a position aa
cook or any kind of work in a private family.
Address box 230. Call.
A COLORED woman wishes a situation as
maid or gecond girl. Call at £35 Stevenson.
TWO rlrls from the country want housework.
Call 718 Greenwich st, upstairs.
WANTED— A position as governess to young
children or companion to lady. Address MISS
. JAMES. Alameda P. O.. Cal,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night. $1 W to $6
week: convenient and recpectable: fres .'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED udvertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia St.
' EM r. L . 0YMEXT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG man of 20, with 3 years' experience* a*
blacksmith's helper, wishes a like position,
with a chance to learn the trade; good refer-
ence. Box 2C6, Call office.
YOUNG iran of 19 wishes a position to help
In a business house; small wages to etarf
hsa EtigliBh grammar course; epeaks Span-
ish; residing with parents. Box 214, Call. '
YOUNG man from the country wants a posi-
tion as wagonmaker and blacksmith; worked
last place for 3 years. Call or address 108
Berry st.
SOBER, JTidustrlous, middle-aged man wishes
situation as man about the place, aa general
choreman or gardener; handy. with tools Box
268. Call ofttce.
INTELLIGENT man, who haa had about one
year's experience cooking In first-class plac-s
wishes situation to fmlsh learning first-class
cooking. • Box 269, Call office.
POSITION aa assistant bookkeeper or clerk by
young man from- East; 21 years old. Box 258
Call office. '
POSITION wanted, by experienced fireman;
flrst-claes man. Address O. R., 27 Broadway.
CARPENTER, good and active, wants work.
Box 271, Call office.
COMPKTENT man, 29, very, willing, seeks sit-
uation as general clerk in any kind, of busi-
ness; speaks and writes English, German and
French fluently; good ¦ ref erences. Please ad-
dress GRUENIGEN. 1043 Mission \ Bt
RELIABLE man (German) with i 25 years'., ex-
• perlence as distiller and wine maker, ¦ wants
' position In city or country. Apply to room
614, Call building. ; y- . ... ,
WANTED— Situation by a bright young man
of good education; would ¦ like a :."•' position
where he : would have a chance for advance-
ment ; references. . ! Box 226, \ Call office. . :
COACHMAN • by young Englishman: can milk,
- etc. ; best of ¦ reference If. required. Box 175,
Call office* - .
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED—MALB.
MILKERS, separators and flrst-claeo cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 526 Mont-
gomery st ¦_ -
ELDERLY man seeks employment of any kind;
- willinc to. do chores or work about house in
city or country: speaks French and German;
good penman. Box 138, Call office, '
BAKER foreman, reliable and steady, wants
work as such; fair cake baker. Address
Baker. 225 Third st. Oakland.
YOUNG man desires position as bookkeeper or
office assistant; reference furnished. Box
242. Call office. ¦
MAN 30 years of age, sober, reliable and trust-
worthy, wishes position In wholesale house as
porter; best of references. Box 224, Call.-
JAPANESE laundrywan; good help: If you
want me I come at onoe. O. MATTJYOSHI,
SS8 Jessie st
HONEST young Japanese boy wishes position
as school boy or housework. Address 8. O..
(JO5 Dupont «t. --•¦-' -v-
EXPERT OPTICIAN'S.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justPd. N. Manaasf. oculist optician. 91" Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 8-ROOM flat: oorner: sunny; 3 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417^ Third.
ELEGANT furnished flat for rent at 1614 MC-
Alllater Bt.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no children.
PARLOR floor, 4 rooms; gunny. 518 Hyde at.
SECOND, 623 — Nice sunny flat of 4 rooms and
bath; hot and cold water. •
J7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st. oft Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 341 Brvant.
PLATS WANTED. .
FURNISHED house or flat wanted: about 6
rooms; name price or answers will not b« no-
ticed. Box 266, Call.
r' ~
FCRXITURE FOR SALE3.
4 ROOMS furnishes in oak $4S M, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KUUNITUIIE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st; teL Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 MlsFion st, pays highest
price for eecond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 13C5 Larkin ; tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
VT. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WAKTED FE.I1AL12.
C." R. " HANSEX& r CO.". ..!..^.. Phone" Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 more waitresses, Arizona, J20, free trans-
portation; waitress, Fresno, $20; 3 waitresses,
different country hotels, $20; waitress, city,
$20; 2 restaurant waitresses, lunch and din-
ner, $20; 4 chambermaids to wait $20, olty
and country, and many others
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Swedish or German hounegirl. Sonora, $30, 2
In family; houseglrls, nurseglrlp, second girls,
city and country. C. R. HANSEN" & CO.,
104 Geary st.
FOR reliable help of any kind call on Pacific
Employment Agency, 9 Geary St., room 8.
WANTED— Stenographers, "Eclectic" system;
give experience. If any, average speed; full
particulars; salary expected. Box 259, Call.
WANTED— A middle-aged American working
housekeeper who is fond of children; good
home; moderate wages. Address box 267, Call.
A COMPETENT fflrt for housework and cook-
ing for 3; no washing; Sundays off; $15 a
month: sleep home or here. 301 Joneb st.
FINISHERS *n custom shirts; must be flrst-
class. P. C. HEGER. 1344 Market st.
GIRL to do general housework, 3 in family,
car fare. 1828 Pierce! st.
XEAT girl for housework and cooking; no
washing or windows; $16. 1721 Broderick st
GIRL or middle-aired woman; care of baby and
anslpt; $12. fcl? Post st. • .
WOMAN or girl to do light housework. Apply
at 116 Welsh it.
GIRL for general housework and assist with
cooking; $15. Call 1716 Fell st.. In afternoon.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; $20
to $25. Call 1231 Guerrero st.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework. 8»S
O'Farrell st. i?.;
WANTED— Girl to assist In general housework;
sleep at home. 1133 Gear}' st.
WANTED — Young girl to take charge of child
days; sleep home. 1001 Bush st. ~.r -. •
WANTED— An operator and finisher on pants.
CO Geary Et., room 33.
YOUNG woman for housework and assist with
children; voges $15 to $1$. 1&30 Mission st.
WOMAN or girl to do light housework. 1915V4
Golden Gate ave.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladles' tailor gar-
ments; only best need apply. A. CAILLEAU,
114-116 Kearny st
WANTED— Lady or gentleman to work In a
flower store; must understand the business;
no other need apply, Coll COO Halght st.
YOUNG woman for general housework and
plain cooking; $15. 42 Stanley place, between
First and Second sts., off Harrison.
PANTS finishers: stf-ady work. 858 Howard St.,
between Fourth and Fifth, over ball court
EXPERIENCED clrls wanted at WEMPE
BROTHERS, 127 Mission St.. corner Main.
APPRENTICES on custom coats. 641 Market
street. •
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicure. La
Verite Parlors, 1140 Market st. '
WANTED— Refined and educated woman of
good appearance to travel; past 30 and com-
petent. Box 241. Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists;
electric power; steady work; can make $10
per week. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market St.
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee shirts: steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co.. 27 Jessie st.
WANTED— German girl for general housekeep-
lng; must be good cook; $20. 712 'Hayea st.
WANTED— Lady agents to sell photo coupons
in Mission; good money to rustlers'. 2239 Mlssn.
WANTED — Elderly German Catholic woman,
for housework; $15 month. 782 Fulton st.
"WANTED— First-class waist trimmer. Apply
at l"00 Geary St.. after 7 p. m.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
J731 Folsom St.. bet. 13tb and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st. . . ¦• ¦
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. '8...... 104 Geary bt
A NOTICE
All coal miners in this State or out of the
State who want to go to Gallup, New Mfx-
lco, beat of wages, free fare, can see super-
intendent Thursday, November 22, in our of-
fice; correspondence solicited. For particulars
apply .; :. .. ..
C. B. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary »t.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... 104 Geary at
...............RAILROAD WORK........
Teamsters, tunnelmen. stonemasons an-i
stonecutters ..'...•. .Free fare
2 carpenter* for railroad work, $3 a day,
free fare; man to contract to cut 300 cords
of pine wood, Lake Co.; 10 farmers for or-
chard work, $20 and board.. .........:..
............. HOTEL DEPARTMENT. . . . . .". .'. .
Second cook, country hotel, $60; restaurant
cook. JCO; ranch cook, $30; 6 6Vshwasher»
and kitchen hands, $30 and $25
2 waiters, same country hotel, $30 and free
fare; German hotel waiter, $40; colored
waiter, country hotel. $35. C. R. HANSEN
r & ; CO., 104 Geary St. . . ¦ 'J-.'"-
A— WANTED....
Driver for milk wagon....". .'..'..$35 and found
Hack driver and stable work... $25 and found
Farmer and wife...... ............$40
Steamboat cook.../. ..........." ..$40
Restaurant : waiter ....;... .-...$13
Chore boy .: V...flO and found
Second cook, hotel. '...$25
2 woodchoppers, winter's Job,' 4-foot 'red and
pine, SOc and $1 a cord. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free ¦ employ-
; rnent. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel." Jessie 152.
A— TWO carpenters, 2 i helpers, 8 cabinet-mak-
ers, 6 bench hands, shaper and band sawyer,
2 sash and door men,' 2 sticker • hands. '. Me-
chanics 1^ Registration Bureau; 410 Kearny, r.9;
non-union mechanics pleaae register;, no fees.
WANTED— A bright boy about 16 for a whole-
sale liquor, house. Address : in own -hand-
writing, stating age and . references, box 265,
'.: Call office.: ; ¦.;¦ ¦ - r ¦ ' :¦'.'•¦--.' ' .¦ "-¦'
WANTED — Young man . who has served : his
time In the old . country as : a lock, or gun
smith; steady employment. Address 211- Ma-
eon st., upstairs. '
ACTIVE man for ,. temporary local position
: (several i weeks) ; . salary '¦¦ $3 - pert day." ; D. B.
, SHEPP, 723 Chestnut et.'. Phila..' Pa.
"WANTED— Strong , boy, ¦ about 18 ; years ' ot ; age,
• to ¦ work In ' laundry. Apply Overall Laundry
and Supply Co.; 357 Tehama, bet 7 and 8 a, m.
HELP WAXTED-MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
:.. Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
: WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
S carpenters for a mine $105
Carpenters, bridge and trestle work.. ..$3 day
Superintendent for a vineyard.. $75 and found
"Wagonmakers Stablemen
Farm hands, milkers . and butter maker*;
coachman; boy to drive butcher wagon;
chore boys
60 woodchoppero $1 to $3 cord
40 tlemakens, 10c and 12c, tools, provisions
and cabins furnished, special reduced fares.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— SLAUGHTER-HOUSE butoher...$30 and fd
Butler, private family, country; head waller
foe a club, $40 and found; washer and starch-
er, $30 and folind : lroners ; doorboy for hotel,
waiters, city and country: bakers; bread and
cake foreman and second and third hands,
$12 to $20 week; butchers; man for delicates-
sen store
15 cooks jr.. $30 to $50 and found
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
A MAN and wife; short distance: $50; se*
party here 11 o'clock. Mrs. Norton, 313 Sutter.
MAN who can cook and assist with general
norJework and do plain washing; of good
habits; for the country; wages $15 per month.
Address box 272, Call office.
BARBER wanted every Sunday until 12m;
16c barber nhop; $2. Box 284. Call office.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday; good'
wages. E28 Broadway.
GOOD barber; Friday night, Saturday night
and Sunday morning; $3. m Halght at
COATMAKER and pantsmakers for country.
Apply REISS BROS & CO., 24 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS collector and canvasser. Apply
at once E. C. LITTLE, 405 Market, room «.
ONLY first-class pants makers; outside or m-
Elde. 604 Kearny st.. room 10.
COOK wanted at 348& Third at.
COOK wanted. 528 Fourth at -
WAITER wanted at 60 Seventh st. .
WANTED-^Two men to chop wood; $40; tee
party here 11 o'clock. Mrs. Norton. 313 Sutter..
WANTED— A cook for restaurant at 608 How-
• ard st.
STRONG boy wanted; references required. F.
MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento Bt
THIRD hand on bread. 3S6 Third »t.
YOUNG waiter In small restaurant 869 Hayes
etreet
GOOD varnlsher on antique furniture. Apply
Harvey's Antique Store. 1709 Polk St.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; In Western Addition;
a bargain. Inquire DECKELMAN BROS..
106 Ellis it.
TAILORS and coatmakers wanted for the coun-
try. Apply to STEIN. SIMON & CO.. Mar-
ket and Second sts.
MAN wanted with $100 to lnveat In a paying
business; can make $G5 a month: no experi-
ence required. 1016 Market St.. room 10.
ELDERLY man to help In coal yard; German
preferred. 1739 Waller st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman: permanent
position In city. Box 212. Call office.
BOYS wanted to sell "The Raven" In S. F. and
Oakland. 202S Market St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Experienced electrical wlreman;
must be steady and reliable man; wages $1
per day. Uakersfteld Gas and Electric 'Light
Company, BakersQeld, Cal.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 613 Sacra-
mento st., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated roonaa. A. McCREERY. Prop.
W ANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week:
MEN wanted to laarn barber trade: only eight
weeks required: position guaranteed; special
inOucements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
PENSIONS— J. H. Bhepard & Co., old, reliable
firm, 806 Market, rm. 40, Phelan bldg.; pension
vouchers executed. 25c; advice free.
WANTED— Tailor at Koplan Bros., Fresno,
Cal.
GET ycur shoes half soled while waiting. 25c
to E0c. B62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d st3.
DENTIST wanted: graduate & Christian; life
pos. Write H. J. Plomteaux. D.D.S.. Oakland.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 16o and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard at.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. T41A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
kct; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
HK.MORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
claoo; can be seen; no operation: no pain; par-
tlculara wrnt. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A LOT of horses Just, from the ranch; well
matched double teams and single horses; well
broken srlncle and double and flne steppers;
. all sizes. Dexter Prince Stable, 1509 Grove.
¦ — - —^~—
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheawst prices. Dalzlel, 606 Golden Gate.
; FOR SALE— Light young span of marcs. In-
quire 1202 Mission Bt.
FOR sale— Brown mare phaeton and harness.
Occident Stable, corner Geary and Polk sts.
FEED Manhattan food: keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folsom st.. S.F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
INVALID CHAIRS-. AND TRIGYCLKS.
SOLD and rented: manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. BAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market tt.
/¦ LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Fox terrier bitch, 7 months old; black,
white and brown; small collar; reward. Call-
fornla Renovatory, 116 Geary st •¦
LOST — Opera glasses; Sausaltto ferry or Mls-
Blon-st. car. Finder pleaae return to 1307
Guerrero . st. ; liberal reward.
LOST— On Tuesday night, a pair of enameled
opera glasses with handle; In white plush bag.
' Reward of $20 If returned to 2701 California st.
LOST— November 13, near Halght-st. entrance
to Park, a child's tan overcoat. Reward If
returned to '1939 Page st.
LOST — Brown leather hand bag containing a
hunting coat, etc. Finder will be rewarded on
returning same to DE GREAYER & HOL-
LAND, 16 .Third Bt.
LOBT— Tuesday, a. cocker spaniel with white
spot on face and feet tipped with white; lib-
eral reward. DR. DAVIS, 942 Sutter st.
LOST— A passbook .with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of JAMES DORAN or HANNAH DO-
RAN, No. 236-1091. The finder will please re-
turn to bank.
MEDICAL. ™ "
Dr! AND MRsTlDAVIEsTl228 Market— Ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office: ladies treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can use It with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. - Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, : opp. Sth ; i world-renowned ladles' special-
'lst; safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.*
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any aliment; home for patients* con-
sult free. 942 Post st, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 MARKET ST., corner
Sixth — Safe - and reliable ladles' physician:
treatment. $5; positive cure guaranteed: when
others fail consult. . free. MRS. '¦ DR.' KOHL.
DR8. GOODWIN, 1007% Market, expert on dls-
eases of women; 16 years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed ; $5 at office ; have cured thou-
sands, of cases; unexcelled success: see free.
NGTOtKEE, Chinese doctor; cures ponsump-
; tlon, cancer,' catarrh, > etc. ; all diseases treat-
:'¦' ed ; send for testimonials; advice I free. ' Sani-
tarium," 704 Sacramento st. corner . Kearny.
LIGHTNING cure for rheumatism; formula $1
• GEORGE ? CALDERWOOD. 1065 -Washington
, St., Oakland, Cal. . " ~. ";r
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ¦ 1035 Market— Ladies' spe-
cialist: safe and sure cure. $.i; best care; low
; fees;twhen allothers fall consult free.
DR. * POPPER,": practical female ' specialist for
37 years; can be : sent. ' 323 . Kearny st.
MRS. ; DR. '¦?. GWYER, . ladles' specialist; boms
„ for patients.; BIO Eddy at, ,y \ t :.=-;•"
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new 'and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In S4 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery «t.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $5
per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
et; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A — BUTS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
GRAND OPERA-Orchestra seats Q 35 and 37
for to-night (Friday) for sale or exchange for
Monday. 10 California St.. room 1.
>TEW 58 Majestic range, with steam heater and
cooker, cheap; suitable for 200 people. North-
east corner Point Lobos and Fifth avee.
FOR sa]e or to rent— A 54 electric light bath
cabinet: new. Northeast corner Point Lobos
and Fifth aves.
WHEELER & WILSON new Improved sewing
machine, $5. Call between 1 and t and 6 and
7 p. m. at room 46, 703 Geary st.
A SMITH-PREMIER typewriter, second-haud:
send for price. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110
Montgomery et.
TO PRINTERS— Two revolution four-roller Cot-
trell & Babcock press; print sheet 32x46. Box
188. Call office.
5-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine,
$150; can be seen running at 623 Golden
Gate s.ve.
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st.
VERY handsome perfect opal scarf pin for $15;
cost orlg. $35. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant are.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
FOR" SALE— Pet deer. Address D. GAL-
BREITH, box 33. Stockton. Cal.
GREAT Dane; broke to harness; , will carry
child on his back: cheap. 810 Howard st.
L. SPARBER & SON removed 634 Mission St.;
pay highest price for tools and machinery.
GASOLINE engine; second-hand: all sizes;
cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL. 68 Bluxome at.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof cafe. 216 California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines anJ
boilers bought and sold. KROQH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
EAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEK-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beaie.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cal], 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought A
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom ; tel. Folsom 1131.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 141.
A—CLOTHING, sealskins, jewelry, etc.. bought;
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn: phone Black 12QL
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOA.V.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long aa you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest in Estates
.... Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Ma rket.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satlsfledT no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY amount at S per cent; 1st. 2d and 2d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. i.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 8«6 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, 301 Jones St., corner Eddy.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6% undi-
vided ints; estates. HARPER, 397 Parrott Mg.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott bulld-
lng; men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without 'security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
TO salaried people without security: ell bust-
ness confidential. Toueley Co., 321 Parrott big.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Horn* Bldg Co., 222 Sansome St.. r.2.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without' collateral or ln-
dorser. 3. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person" having : use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to" choose from. Each the. b»-3t
of their grade, from Stetnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights aold for $S cash ajid
$8 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $S. $4 and $5 per month. SHEK*
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealer*, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land.
CALL and see our stock of new Decker & Son
pianos, in all the latest styles of walnut and
mahogany caees. They are beauties and have
the loveliest tone and most perfect touch of
any make. Cash or payments at MAUVAIS'.
763 Market st.
NOW is the time to secure a fine Packard or-
gan for the Christmas services In your church
or Sunday school. Low prices and eaey terms
at MAUVAIS', 769 Market Bt.
NO matter how cheap you want to buy or how
. small payments you want to make, you may
lore money by not calling on us before clos-
ing a bargain. We sell all kinds of musical
goods cheap, for cash or on payments. MAU-
VAIS Music Co.. 769. Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
23 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and. prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
' thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS— Prices this week as an ad:
Bluthner grand, cost $1000, for $375
Schuman upright, C06t $300, for 96
Sherman & Clay, cost 1275, for 69
8telnway upright, cost $475, for 155
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
OPEN EVENINGS.
SPECIAL snaps In a few slightly used pianos.
See us. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Far-
rell st. : Chlckerlng agency and everything
pertaining to muslo; symphonion music boxes.
CHICKERING upright, cost $475. almost new:
will accept $250 (no less) ; may wajt for por-
tion of price. Box 262, Call office.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Splel-
mann and -Hamilton pianos. 303 Post st.
UPRIGHT piano In good condition, cheap; ac-
count of leaving city. 1431 Sanchez at.
SALE of high-grade pianos at factory prices
this week. THE DEWING CO.. Flood bldy.
NEUMAN., upright. $75; Sherwood, $S5- Peek.
$100; other bargains. BRUENK. .208 Post »t!
GENTLEMAN going East must sacrifice ele-
gant upright grand piano; 3 pedals. 332 Turk.
BEST -rent stock In city; new pianos; $3 per
. month. SCOTT CURTAZ, 660 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR •violins,"' zithers, old and new. H."
.MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installments; Wllsoa'« Storage, 1710 Market.
MUSICAL ISSTRUME.VTS.
A SnJTE three-pedal upright: elegant case; fln»
tone; must be sold at once; a snap. Room lQw j
Flood bulidins. \
A BARGAIN; must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister at.. ne*t Hib. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE planes; Steck. Hardman. Con>
over & others. XV. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A — MODERN store with fixtures grocery and
bar: 999 McAllister. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mar-
ket st.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Llrht sunny offices. $13 to $20 per month, with
light, heat. Janitor and use of phone.
STORE to let; suitable for baxber shop. sho«
ohop or stationery store; lovr rent. 404 O*Far-
rell st.
. OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE!.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
PROVEN oil lands In the Kens River field for
sale; no stock proposition; no wildcat scheme:
this Is sure territory In the largest and best
known field In California. If you want to form
a company buy good land on the line of th»
railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN A SOMES. 3.
C. MASON, acent. 11 Montgomery at.
A FORTUNE for J30O-The first U. S. patent
oil land on the market In 20-acr^ tracts: send
for map and experts' reports and particulars.
A. L> WILLY. 914 Market St.. San Fran-
clsco; phone Black 5115.
PALMISTRY^
H. JEROME FOSSELU. sclentinc palmist. 313
Taylor iu, bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 5JL
MME. NEERGAARD. 7C0 Po«t; tel Hyd> 2913;
hnntr 1 to 5 »v».. ami Si;n<1<>T bv appnti*^*^
PATENT S AND PKXSIONj*.
ADVICE* free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner bl».
PERSONALS.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts that
are contracted by my wife, MRS. NEILT-
from this date, November 15, 1900. A. H.
NEILL.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous and
other. diseases, specialist in head trouble and
rheumatism: pamphlet sent free. 84S McAllis-
ter. Note— Having lately arrived I will cur«
free of charge a limited number cf acute
cases of rheumatism, neuralgia, sciatica ami
ary head trouble. Apply early. FRED MANX-
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792;
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fine up-
holstery. HOPKE EROS.. 31» and 310 11th st.
FINE suit. 110: dress pants. %2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, Jl 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 3S0 Kearny st.. near Pine.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Wlnchsster
Hotel", 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
Me to 51 50 per night; U 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bua and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEDERER, the hair dresser; all the very new-
est opera hair styles, only 23c; switches, tl
up; hair ornaments a specialty. 123 Stockton.
SUITS te order on Installments ; $15 upward; IX
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years" experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
LEDEIlER'S Qulntonica hair tonic; beautifies: j
saves from falling out; try it: 35c bottle. '
MRS. Dr. James positively cures rheumatism
without drugs or medicine. 29 Eddy, rm. 30.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
LEDERER' S Foamo Shampoo Is the best scalp.
cleanser In the world, 5c package.
ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
tl 25 a pair; uruaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 OTarrell st.
DR. LAMOTTE'3 French Corn Paint, the best
corncure: Cc; all druggists.
BITY your coal of LANGE & GOFF, successors
to XV. H. Wlseman.1711 Sacto.; tel.Sutter 2776.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Ii44 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD xv,!-?. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J R. JENKEL, S17 Market St.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores irray
hair to its natural color; tl: at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address in tha
TTnited States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR~C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
10HH Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
RED HOt'baRGAINsI
AT— A. M. SPECK & CO.— AT
HARD TO BEAT? HARD TO BEAT!
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
$1500.
Flats; rents well for $25; near Second.
13300.
Flats; always rented for $44; must sell.
$7500.
Flats- brand new; east of Van Ness; rents $73.
$8350.
Rents $100; 100-ft. front; near Taylor it.; na
chance like u.
$10,000 INVESTED
Will yield $115 monthly, clear over taxes. In-
surance, etc. This Is no Idle talk.
$14,500.
Business property; rents $100; wake up If you
want to get rich.
C0.0OO.
Corner: 60-ft. front; vicinity Sutter, east ot
Hyde; grand hotel, office or rooming house sits;
rente J107.
$20,000.
Rents $255: elegant new Improvements; SS-ft.
front; honest value.
$50,000.
44-ft. front; vicinity of Ttvoll; old Improve-
ments; rents $200; block from Market; will
double surely in 10 years.
$75,000.
Grand corner: 75-ft. front: within block ot
Market St.; old Improvements; rents $400; with-
in block ot Hale's: worth $100,000.
$100,000.
Here Is 10 per cent net; on a corner TO-ft.
front; guaranteed lease S years; building bet-
ter than the Palace Hotel or no sale. .
NOTICE— No time for trlflers. Cash talks la
our office. Try us.
Money to loan, 8 per cent. Including taxes.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
IF you have well-located property In the Mis-
sion, either vacant lots or nice residence, and
* you really want to sell, then call on the under-
signed. XV. J. GUNN, E30 California st.
ANY one having a desirable small residence in
Richmond and who wants to sell call on th»
undersigned. XV. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
OWNERS of property la Potrero. In large oc
small subdivisions, who want to sell, call on
W. J. GUNN. 530 California «t.. between
Montgomery and Kearny.
IF you have properW north of the Park and
you want to make a Quick sale call on W. J.
GUNN. £20 California st.
HAVE you property In the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Then,
call on W. J. GUNN. £30 California st.
ATTENTION. WORKINQME3*
ATTENTION. WORKING MEN
$300 and upward; $10 cash. $5 monthly; build-
ing lots on r.th and Mississippi sts., not far
from the Union Iron Works. Sugar Refinery
and all the large manufactories located at thy
Potrero; fine, healthy location: only a short
distance from electric cars: possession given
upon first payment; your rent money will pay
for your home.
LTON & HOAG
114 Montgomery st
A. L. WILLEY. Room 13. 118 Market st.
New 3-story houee. near finished; lot TSxlCO;
I blocks from electric road; $730, or will ex-
change for chicken ranch.
Will sell you house and lot anywhere you
want tt; size and price to suit.
Or gilt-edge farm; fruit; running water.
Nice lodging-house or a good mine.
Or will exchange anything you have. • 91S
Market *t.. rhone Black 5215: hours i to S.
$500 — A HOME in Ocean view; 4-room cottage;
lot 25x125: in center of town; must be sold;
all conveniences of the city, with schools,
churches. Spring Valley water, postoffke de-
livery, groceries, butcher shops, etc.; fare to
all parts of city 5c; the cheapest home in Saa
Francisco; a rare chance. XHISTLETON.
272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
SPLENDID chance for Investment; fine corner
on Harrison and Langton sts. ; fine new J- story
building with all modern improvements; com-
plete In 2 weeks. For' Information apply to>
owner on premises, ' J. MCCARTHY.'
; $5600 EACH— 2 elegant new dwalliny houses con-
talnins 9 room* and bath, on the east sul-j
of Masonic ave., 1 block south of Frederick.
BUSH. 1225— nice large residence, or could bs
turned Into flats; very sunny: 30x137:0. Call.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
I estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly '
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In tha
. United States or Canada one year for 11.
pootaip» paid.
REAL ESTATE — COU.\TRY — For Sale
1 CITY property and farms sold or exchanged"-
[ printed lists. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. l!
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
NEW oottage. « ran., bath: lot 50x100; Mlssloa:
rental terms; and vacant lots, m Krarnj at!HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E T Earl. L Angeles
Mrs T W Parks, fa Rafl
Miss C Nichols. S Rafl
D W Zelmer. NT ,
A T Sband. New Tork
W B Buckmelster.Bstn
H M Yerrlnstton & w,
Carson
F Leonard, Nevada
J H Lynch. New Yorlc
G E Goodman Jr. Napa
G C Hill & w. St Louis
J B Wolf. New York
A O Lovejoy. Stanford
Q T Proctor, Rio Vlsf*
D S Rosenbaum, Stktn
AW Kelly. Berkeley
S Rothschild, K*T* „
L A Blum & w, L AnK
O Welburn. L Ang
It H Chapman. L An?
H H Knox. New Yo.k
J A Purte. L An«
J M Battorton. N Y
II Cohn. New York
Mrs H Cohn. N .Y
T Flint. San Juan _
A F Lowenthal. N »
C F Smith. San Diego
F II Medbury, N l
H-B'Wood. San Jose.
M Lewis. L Angeles j
a H Hill. Belolt ' I
""Wood. San Jose
m T5t hrlng - Oakland
n « r^ h , rln^ Oakland
R BBatler. Fresno
I? e> , San Mateo.'
w^ Br ° de ck- Everett
WC Johnson, B Rafael
F Johnson Jr s Rafael
G H Strout. New Ycfrk
S w Roberts. Pae Gr
Mr | Roberts. Pae Gr.
? « h ?. ne ' New Tor k
J H Colburn. N Y
£ f, e PP« r Jr. N Y .
m M n O0( i da »- Oakland
Mrs Ooodall. Oakland
h F rX aylor - Oakland
u r r T a J! lor ' Oakland
H J Sohns. New York
F W Meller. New York
J C Hallsted. NY
W J Brown. Melbourne
Mrs Brown. Melbourne
J Hatch, San Jose
Mrs-F Hoaklns. Portld
Mrs J h Woodward.
Portland
Mrs C II Noble, Portld
W Parks., SRafl
S S S Ic ii olB ' s Rafael
F B McNear. Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
A H Williams. Cal .
W G Woods, Sacto
T J Kerridge. Sonoma
J D Parmallt, Fresn-->
O Thompson. Gllroy
E Rohr. Gllroy .,. .
B J Devlin,; Cal v^
H B Bryant & w. Cal
O A Russell. Oakland;
O W Mally. Martinez
Mrs T Drals. Crcs City
J D Blddle. Hanford
L F Chemin; Portland
B Thomas, Delano
J M Ballon, Cal
J M Holman, Prescot
Mm . Holman, Prescot
KM' Swasey, Redding
Mrs Swasey, ¦ Redding
V. E Holehan, Los Ans
L Schwayer, N Y
H Dubbs, Seattle -¦
Miss C E Dubbs. Seat'.e
Mrs Lldyard. S Jose
Mrs Dr McCIaren. S J
W H-McKlnnon, ¦Oakld
Mrs McKlnnon, ORklml
P . Kll DVarn, : BerKfiley
Mrs Kilburn. Berkeley
n H Sawyer & w. Cal_
F J M Rhodes, England
L Ma^er, Cincinnati
J C Konkllngr, Ohio
L K Schborn, Seattle
Mr J, Schborn, Seattle
E T Sawj-er, San Jose
airs Sawyer, San Jose
S Whltby> Newman
R Allison, Alaska
Mrs R D Smith. Cal
W. T Henderson, It Qi a
A J Lawson, Lodl
Miss M Lane,: Berkeley
Mrs H II Druckor, Cal
B F Shepherd, Fresuc
R C Cllne. Los An*
A W Maltby. j wf. Cal
C E Crane. Lc« Ang
T; Brent. Kansas City
W F Geary, Sacto
L Thorne & w, ind
JL Black & w. Sacto
M Dlggs, Woodland
F. S Spauldingr. • Cal
C II niemer, Sacto -
E T Pettit.T San Jose
W, Ei Pickering, NY
Mrs Pickering, NY '
J J Hogan.Erle, Pa
Mrs Hogan, • Erie" Pa
N Nelson, . Denver • '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Wilds., L An?
J C Clement. L Ang
G Angles & w. Austria
H Baner. Australia ,
PCattey, R Vista
JFranklin. R Vista '
W.R Sullivan/ FreFno
C /Anderson, . Seattle J
Miss Redman. Caspar
J Fabllnga,- Caspar
Mrs Linton & d, Caspr
G R MO3es, : : L : Ang
C B Benson, -L Angr '
C Johnson, Chicago
Mrs Hinea & d, Boston
B Ar Black Clnn
No. 49437 wins $7500, sold In San Francisco.
Cal.; No. 30279 wins $2000, sold In San Fran-
Cisco, CaJ.; No. E668 wins $1000, sold In San
Franclscd, Cal.; No. .77877 wins $500. sold In San
Francisco, Cal.: Nos. 20230 and C3092 each wins
$250 sold In San Francisco, Cal.; Nog. W
E05SS. 53717, 84332 and S3136 pach wins $100, sold
in Sacramento and San Francisco, Cal. •
The Orlftinol Little Louisiana Company of
San Francisco, Drawing November
10, 1900.
Goat Island have heretofore had to draw
their water supply from wells on the
Island that produced water that was
hardly fit to drink, but In the future they
will have something more wholesome. A
pipe line has been laid on the bottom of
the bay from the end of the Oakland long
wharf to the Island and now the supply
comes from Lake Chabot. Uncle Sam
has put himself to all the accompanying
expense for the comfort and health of. his
various employes on the island.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15.— The residents of
FRESH "WATEH TO BE
SUPPLIED GOAT ISILAND
And so the investigation closed. S. M.
Shortrfdge, who was present in case Dr.
SussdorfC should need his advice, and
Matt Sullivan. Magulre's attorney, shook
hands cordially, and their clients showed
signs of decreasing hostility.
"It seems," said Attorney Dunne, "that
there could have been no motive on your
part for watering the milk. You were not
asked to •retrench in that direction, and
no one accuses you of carrying the milk
away in a paper bag."
"This increase runs through nearly ev
en' article of diet," the commissary said.
"Under the present administration the
subsistence expenditure has been consid
erably increased and other Items dimin
ished."
Witness presented a statement showing
that ninety-nine cans more were pur
chased In October this year than for the
same month last year, with twelve_ fewer
patients, making 2.78 cans per patient as
against 2.42 for October of 1899.
"It impure milk was served," Magnlre
testified, "the dilution occurred after the
milk was sent to the wards."
The commissary testified that the chief
cook, whose affidavit is part of the evi
dence against Maguire. was an enemy of
his. He had reported the cook to the su
perintendent for receiving quarters of
beef with the choice cuts removed. He
had also reported him for smoking while
ho was cooking and for the general unti
diness of the kitchen.
The evidence presented before the com
mittee has shown conclusively that the
milk was liberally watered— the milk
that the patients got, not the milk
that went to the superintendent's
table or was supplied in generous quan
tities to employes— but no witness has In
any degree fixed the responsibility for the
dilution. It is evident that Commissary
Maguire will be exonerated and allowed
to retain his position. On the surface
there is evidence of a willingness of all
concerned to avoid ¦ delving further into
the mystery of who worked the pump
handle or bringing to light any other
abuses that may exist within the hospital.
That the watering of milk has gone on
for months has Deen clearly demon
strated, and this in face of the fact that
two members of the Board of Health are
chiefs of wards in the big institution and
that Dr. d'Ancona. chairman of the Hos
pital Committee of the Board of Supervi
sors, is supposed to know what is going
on in the hospital.
The investigation has certainly demon
strated that the patients have not much
protection from those who are supposed
to see that they are properly cared for.
Dr. d'Ancona was the first witness yes
terday. He told of his visit to the hos
pital on October 31 and of taking samples
of milk from cups on the patients' table
and In Ward D. He had heard some com
plaints and an interne had told him that
the quality of milk furnished for the pa
tients was poor.
Dr. Buckley asked how it happened
that the City Chemist's report was made
public before being submitted to the
Board of Health. The witness explained
that he was acting for a committee of the
Supervisors, all of whose transactions
were supposed to be open to the public.
More harm was done by secrecy in pub
lic affairs, even If publicity should thwart
the investigation.
On cross-examination by Matt Sullivan.
Dr. d'Ancona said that the commissary
Impressed him as thoroughly devoted to
his duty, competent and honest. He had
met few men in public life that had im
pressed him so well. He had heard no
complaints whatever as to the character
of the food entering the hospital.
Maguire took the stand, and in reply to
a question of Sullivan's said that since
May he had ordered samples of milk sent
to the City Chemist three times a week.
He had received no reports from the
chemist.
The Investigation of the milk-watering
scandal of the City and County Hospital
came to an amicable conclusion yesterday
afternoon. The Hospital Committee of
the Board of Health took the case under
advisement and will make its report at a
meeting to-night.
Hospital Committee Takes the Case
Under Advisement and Will
Undoubtedly Exonerate
Commissary Maguire.
Evidence Fails to Fix the
Responsibility for
the Abuse. .
CITY HOSPITAL
MILK-WATERING
INVESTIGATE
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOYEMBER 16, 1900.
11
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 15 (twenty-
five cents per efcare) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
offire of the company. 327 Market St., on and
after Tuesday, November 2'J, 1900. Transfer
boots closp'J Thursday, November 13, 1!KB. at
Z o'clock v. m.
B. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
' Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return
$140. -
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticfcet of flees. 621 Market St., Sausallto Ferry.
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:15 a. m. ; 1:45 and 4:00 n. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00, 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
McAUOY Se. CO.. I
FCNEHAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMERS, I
1*33 Market ct.. between *th and ith. B
Telephone South 247. n
How to (Jain Knowledge.
Education, It has been said, is not
knowing many things, but knowing how-
to find out • what one wants to know
There" - are persons .who have > the com-
mendable habit of writing to a newspaper
when they want ¦ to* find out' anything
Then the editor picks a book of reference
from the shelf and answers the question
and it is an likely aa not that the ques-
tioner i had the same . book - on his < own
shelf, only ; he was . not educated- to the
point of knowing that \ that was the = book
to look in.— New ; York Tribune.;. •'.•'-.
DIED.
App»rson, Randolph
!•.•¦!*> - Carolina
Hutler. Horace
Carroll. John M.
Oolttns, Florence
Conneil. John
Conroy. John J.
Deir.artinl, Lovell
Dixhelmer. Matthias
Donovan. Timothy
Dunn. William ?
Kbeloe. Martin
Fava. Amedeo
Frnt-jn. Patrick
I'rusetta. John
Gorman. Edward
Harvey, William
Hewht. John J.
• Hevfron. Ellen
Holcomb, Sarah
Kitto. John
McKenna, James A.
Murphy, Mary
RuBaell. Ell F.
Schmltt. Babette
Eelovwsky, Guetave
Skehen, James
Emart, Robert E.
Smith. James O.
fc'tevens, Calvin C.
Tuekey. Matilda R.
AVappel, Michael
Weil. David
Wiener. Annie
Woods (infant)
APPERSOX— Near Lawrence station. Santa
Clara County. November 14, 1900, Randolph
"U". Apperson, father of E. C. Apperson and
Phebe A. Hearst, a native of Virginia, aged
SI jears 7 months and 4 days.
C^Funeral services will be held at the
Cumberland Presbyterian Church, San Jose,
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.,
BODE— In thU city. November U. 1900. Caro-
lina, beloved wife of the lute Louis C. Bode,
and beloved mcther of Henry C. W. Bode,
Mrs. Henrietta Feldshau of Los Angeles and
Louis CL: Elizabeth and Charles Bode, a na-
tive of Goettlnger, Hanover. Germany, aged
76 years 10 months and 28 days.
CirFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late residence,
<10 Sixth Etreet. between Harrison and Bry-
ant. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BUTLER— In this city, November 15. 1900,
Horace Butler, brother of Charles Butler of
New York City, N. Y., a native of New
York, ased 77 years.
CARROLL— In this city. November 15. WOO.
John M., beloved husband of Mamie Carroll,
en-i son of the late Patrick and Bridget Car-
roll, a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years.
C^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
t^Jid the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at
o:2m r'clock, from Jiis late residence. 3853
Tv.-entieth street, between Dolores and
Church, thence to St. James Church, where a
rtqui«>in high maps will be celebrated for the
rep^e of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
COLLINS— In thU city, November 15, 1900,
Floresce, beloved daughter of John and Ellen
Cdl'.ns, and sister of Josephine, Jamea, Wil-
liam. John. Man'. Joeeph, George and Ber-
trum Collins, a native ot San Francisco, aged
6 inonths and 25 days.
EyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 264 Dore street, between Harrison
ani Bryant, Ninth and Tenth. Interment
Holy CroES Cemetery.
CO.N'NELL— In Oakland. November 14. 1900.
John Conneil, beloved father of Mary, Julia,
Daniel. Nellie, John and James Conneil, a
native of County Oalway. Ireland, aced 75
years. (Grass Valley and Vallejo papers
please copy.)
fST Friends and "acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
IFriday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Beaudry & McAvoy, S73 Washing-,
ton street, thence to the Church of the Im-
maculate Conception, where a solemn requiem
mans will be celebrated for the reDose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment fit.
Mfry's Cemetery, Oakland.
CONROY— In this city, November 15, 1900,
John J.. beloved ton of James and Mary Con-
roy. and dearly bsloved brother of Mamie
Conroy, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 2 montbs and 9 days. (Portland, Or.,
and Boston, Mars., papers pleazc copy.)
(tt Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the' parents. 62«Vi Natoma street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DEMARTINI— In this city. November 14. 1900,
Lovell. dearly beloved son of John and Minnie
Demartlnl. a native of Ban Francisco, aged 1
jear and 8 months.
ICyThe funeral will take place Sunday.
November IS. at 1 o'clock, from his parents'
residence. 1S03 Flllmore Btreet. near O'Far-
re!l. Jnternicnt New Italian Cemetery.
DIXHEIMER-In this city. November 12, 1900.
Matthias Dlihelmer. ("Dixie"), a native of
Louisiana; are/1 M years. - .
in7"Frier.dE and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, rrom the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. C38 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DONOVAN— In this city. November 15. 1900.
Timothy Donovan, beloved eon of Timothy
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flar.nagan & Gallacheo
DAKIEL V. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUSEKXL DIRECTORS AND KMif ALMEItS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Teletfhcne South SO.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA RPAL ESTATE.
}1S<\) WILL buy cottage 4 rooms and basement;
r.«?ar station: lot Wx203; street work and cide-
iva:k: J3W cash. J23 per morHh: lock at thU.
J. H. YOUNG, i;q Park st-
I2rO— AUCTION price; finest modern 5-room
oottape in Alamcda; perfect plumhinc: fine
location; 2 blacks rrom station & high school;
frlr fr-i^. A. '1. r:-.:ras. 1^1 Park. Alaracda.
BERKEiiYTDYEHTlSBiENTS
ni'RKEu:y hkal estate.
ALTA 1'U.VTA TnACT^i«n~Pablo'ave..
tnlie* ncrth cf Berkeley: $IM< to t;50 per acre-
Jot* Ifrt to tlDO each: 55 a month; call for
rr.np* <T <V. HAIO1IT. <31 California »t.. S.F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFF-CE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAlCLAriU RBAL ESTATE.
$Si0Gj-ONLY ?300 oash, b^li^cTeasyTnew'bun^
Kalow tott.-. K e. 5 rooms, porcelain bath ar.l
tni latest in modern Ideas; cute and cozy-
near broad gauge; clcse to cars schools and
Lusir.efs center: ntiiM cost t25C0 to duplicate.
J- g. MVKItS. l&Oi Broadway. Oakland.
JISOO— SNAP; buriness corner; store with fix-
tures complete ar.d 4 flr.e liv'.r.e rooms; barn
i'.xltjO; in populated coniir.ut;ity; exceKect op-
portuoity for greyer or baker; terms.
J- S. MTKRS. IOCS Broadway. Oakland:
CHEArEST ar.d best In AmerTca^-The Weekly
t-ii!. l£ rttcs, tent to any addreFs la th«
. n'tf -1 Ptateg or Canaia one year for jl.
OAKLAND IIOLSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get Let frcm GEO. W. AL'S-
TIN & CO.. I"OS Broadway. Oakland.
oakla.\d rpmrmntc foh sale.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furrlture *?aler. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
noOMS FOlt HOD8EKCEPUG.
A ri'-ONT suite of housekeeping rooins; also
others, J 1 10 tip to t J per week. 2~J> Kearny
St.. MRS. K. U. TOB1N.
CALIFORXIA. 711, block and a half from
Kcarr.j — Clean turti.y double and sir.gle, suit-
able for lisht Houhekeeiiing; ii a. week to $3.
CHESTNUT, aa-FurnUhed rcoms to rent,
housekeeping: cuiet neighborhood; fine view;
pood house ; ol.«ap.
IXLIS. Cl. n<or Larkir.— Newly furnished
suite of £ sunny rrcnis. 112 tC
HOWARD. 1G00— Large frcnt bsy-window room,
kitchen connectirsK. complete for housekeep-
lnr; private a:iu cheap.
MARKET, 1 ¦¦•:*— Nice clean room; double bed;
rt-iit {3; ring bell. t<?cond fl>cr.
McAXXiISTER. CTI Onnny furnished rooms
complete for ht»usek**plngr; sink, range, bath,
Ucadry; 2. ??3; 3. $J).
MISSION. 1101 — 3 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms. $S.
OAK. 119— J runny roonrs. $19; 1 large single
room, J^: ail ;urni5:ied fur heavy bous^kpg.
NOE. 153, ncrth of Karket— J sunny bay-wln-
<Iow momf; gas ttove, prate; bath; f!4.
f 1LVER, 1C5. nepr Fourth— 2 or 3 rooms f«r-
Bttbed for hou£rkc*p!ns;; cheap.
EIXTH, *2SVs— TV* sunny furnirhed housekeep-
ii\g rooms; S10 j*r menth,
THIBTEESTH. 229, near Valencia— Large
'loui'keepiTig loom; water; Etyve; separate
eiu;~anee.
Z NICE large eunny completely furnished house-
li.*-;ins rooms; rent S1& Address box 222. Call. ;
CLASSIFIED ad rertisemen'-s and subscriptions j
received at Call branch office, 2JC0 Fillraore st. J
A HP.AVCH ctfi<:e fcr Cell advertisements and
?•-!p£cnft!crs fcas been established at 1096
Valencia tt.
ISOCtSiS TO UBT Furn. and I nfarn.
A — !:;:rN.SV. lCh. Hcu?». 31S Sixth— Rooms 2^c
tn tl j-er r.'.Rht; Jl ZJ to *3 per week, and light
Jinusekeei'in:;; <jpen ;;ll night.
lil KXETT. liZi ilarket (old No. 13CI)— Fur-
r.iEiul r-ns. BMixes-. tir.gle; al5o unfurnished.
i.T.'-Ji. 520 <The Klk)— Charged hands; newly
renovated. nir-e..y iurn. mm; rms., $1 59 to J7
•reck; 2V to $1 ZO nlfrht. MF.S. I J . HAN'FT. I
ELLIS. SiO— Tidy, neatly Turn, rionis for ren-
Udaea only; d«sirab!« bou-'t. neighborhood.
I'ni.T-. ETC — Lsrpc tunny front room, $S.
riFTII. : f T— Tleia&^l unfurnished rooms to let.
KOJBOSS. KSw ccr. tth iTh; O'!v»r) — Kew fur-
.r-j-n-'i fjnny rs;;,, Elr.gie. eultes; reaionafcie.
POtfiOM. 113<^-4 large sunny rooms, wl'.h bath.
roi'.'.TH. 2T»— To let, nice sunny frcnt room.
ruitaJile for two.
Gi"AnV. 4t: (The- Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
r::is: t-u:t c « cr fir.gle; traveler* accommodated.
O/1AN1* SOCTHERN. eeuthecst comer Seventh
s.r.u JIi«t!"r. rt*. — tunry rtrorns, en suite cr
?inrl»; iaciei-' paricr; reading-room; elevator.
IIMWAP.D. li:3. bet. Seventh and Eighth— Nice
mr.ny large front room, furnished complete
for hcaseUer ping ; Liith; hot and cold water:
reasonable.
LAS PALMA8. 1S"C Market st.— Suite of 2 cr 3
rc-.g.; prlvste; lath; g'.n. rms. ; board optional.
II CLFXLAND. 2% Turk Et.-Char.ged har.ds;
newly r.-r.o\atfd; all rooms facing cither
Turk or Jones rt. ; r--at reasonable.
BICWA. 623—3 n«wly furnished rooms 1 large
Uy- window; rvnn ar.d wife; 2 others; reas'ab.
KU5EUBS, 12a. near new p. o.— Nicely fur-
[*T*1*Ti finale front rr>oni. bath. J3.
KUSSJOS. l-U. near Kleventh— Pleasant room-
tKer town; itrivate family; Ji Q a week.
SCBW ARLINGTON, 10^5 Market et.— Nicely
furr.ifhcd roc-reg. t2 a week up; 2Gc a day up.
CrFAIXXUSJU ».— Sunny :urn:&bed rooms and
rrfices; ri^vator; e!-?ctr:c iiphty; Cav. wk., mo.
o ;a'.i;u:Ua Ce-^Xtmljr (ttralshed front suite,
u)sn cth-r fill r.y rocms. \
PORT. CS1— To re::t, small furnished front room'
neither drink or smoke in tho house; Prot-
cstant Christian rr:-f erred; %'• per month.
booms! r.ooais! hooms:
'JK^.'-n Howard — CotnforiaMy furnished single
and '•n suite; bay-w;ndo-.v; Js up. :
BOVAL Houce. 116 KHis «.— IncandeKcent light-
resdinff-roxn. gmckin^-room nnd ladS«>£' par-
Icr: rooms, per r.lpht. r>c to tl 00; week. $2 to
$£; month. JS ts j::3; elevator on ground flocr;
rooms with bot and tcld water; fcaths.
SOESDALS IIcuse.31» end Kl Ellis et.— Rooms.
¦z.'.r^it 22c t»> Jl. week Jl 25 to $4; open nlgut.
EHEKMAN Apartnunt Houm. 2% Eishth St..
near Market — "urnirhed or unfurnished.
EILVEH. lrrn. nc«r Third an-1 Harrison— Fur-
nifhed rooms with ri» and bath; reasonable, j
EIXTII. 1"G— Furnished room. euits.Lle fcr gea- j
tlriran.
TAYLOR. £10— Sunny room for gentleman. $10;
2 ctherg. t12 end tit.
TURK. liS— Furnishr-d room suitable for gen- I
tlcrr.an : ?: per month.
TT'HK. K*— Larre front room, suitable for J;
• !to tlntle room; running water, gas.
CI.APFIF1ED civertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A HHANCH ofnc* for Call advfrtlsetnents and
»ur»crlptk.r.s nas been eetabUshed at iftM
'.•nl«r;«-ia rX. -
BOOM? AXD UOAIII).
BOARlTaM rooms at 415 First £t, near Har-
rison.
TKIIAMA. 217— Room £JJd board; private fam-
ily; resFonafcle. ¦
KOO M S \V A XTJSD.
TWO unfurn!fh»^l housekeeping room* In neigh-
bcrhood of Port and Flllmore. 210 Capp et.
£I'EC%\L .NOTICES.
J^ATJ tenants ejected for $4: collections isade;
rity or coar.try. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
411 Montgomery et.. rooins Jt-10; tel. 65S0.
r.COSlS papcr«d~frT>ni $2 M; whitened $1 up;
renting dcaft. Harttnan Paint Co.. 319 Third.
KBU7KG JMACUIMCS AXI> SUPPLIES.
AI-L kin^s boapht. told, rented, exchanged: re-
iwfring lowest rate-jt; open even. 206 Fourth.
BOUGHT, cold, rrntpfl, repaired; nsrdlfts and
*huUkf; reduced rate?. Ul 6th; phone Mint i*.
ALT. klrde bought, nold and reiiairtng gnaran-
t^<-<l. Chaj-lex I'irmbeck. 1815 Miwion. nr. lath.
SLOT MACIilXl-S. j
BOT.'OHT and fold; new and second-hand; lerge
<lSt Uy; very cheap. UC7 Market. bet. Ith & 8th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES:
UEKINS Van a^jd^torajgrTco? ifaiSissloiMtt. ;
tel. Mala Jf »'<; rhlppine at cut rates. j
WILSON liROfe., storage and moving;" covered
»aae. Tenth and Market; phone Bouth 762.
PACIFIC Rorare and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. ZZX) Fillmore «t.; rhone Jackson £SL
¦BBWMasHasaMSBS»9ai&aGtt*«aH£^HBMd.^tt^^KSi^K^BMMMiHa^BBsf«^j
MABRIED.
BRANDEMANN— STEINMETZ— In this city.
November 14, 1S00, by th'* Rev. J. M. Buehler,
Carstwi Brandemann and Anna Steinmetz.
CORNELL— HUSTON— In this city, November
12, 1300, by the Rev. F. K. Baker. George E.
Curnell and Anna M. Huston, both of San
Francisco.
DIAMOND— ALDRICH— In this city, November
13, 1900. at Central M. E. Church, by the
Bcr. 8. D. Hntsinplller, Harry P. Diamond
and Stella Aldrich. both of San Francisco.
POFF— DODGE— In this city. November 14.
isoo, at Central Methodist Episcopal Church,
by the Rev. S. D. Hutslnpiller, Anthony Poff
of Fisk Mill, Cal.. and Cordelia L. Dodce of
San Francisco.
FKIXTVCH— In this city, November 14. 1900, to
the wife of Will Feintuch, a daughter.
SMART— In this city, October 2S, WOO. to th«
Tvife of Robert Pmart, a eon.
to the wife of Charles Boscow. a daughter.
BORN. .
BOSCOW— In P.edwood City. November 14, 1900,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
ruatl will not be lnserte.1 They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name ani residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
E1RTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
The following: marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Otcrse C. Weir, 31. 317 Stockton street, and
Guadalupe C. Torres, 71, 241 Turk street.
Jacob A. Noah. 41, 433 O'Farrell street, and
Sarah Rosenzweig, 27, 794 Geary etreet.
Thomas E. O'Connor. !». 137 Third street, and
Llzr.ie Campbell. 23, 613 Second street.
Stephen T. Dove. 32, Portland. Or., and Har-
riet A. Stimson. 30. Portland. Or.
John J. Bolger, SO. ifl Thirteenth street, and
MaCSte McVicker. IS. 45 Eri» street.
MJLRBIAGE LICENSES.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE— Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany, location of principal place of busi-
n*BJ>. Ban Francisco, Cal.— Notice is hereby
fiven that at a meetinff of the Board of Di-
rectors, held on the 18th day of October,
1S00. an assessment. No. 10, of nine ($9) dol-
lars per* Ehare, was levied upon the capital
stock of the corporation, payable Immediately
In United States cold coin to the secretary
at the office of tbe company. No. S27 Market
et., San Francisco, Cal.
Any stock upon which thin assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 1st day of December,
1900. will be delinquent and advertised for
ra!e at public auction, and unless payment
is made before will be sold on Thursday,
the 24th day of December, 1900. to pay the
delinquent assessment, together with the
costs of advertising: and expenses of sale.
E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary cf Honolulu Su.'ar Company.
Office located at No. til Market St., San
Francisco. Cal.
ASSrSSMENT NOTICE— Honolulu Plantation
Ccnipany, location of principal place of busi-
ncsy. San Francisco, CsJ.— Notice Is hereoy
Civen that at a meeting of the Board of Di-
rectors, hfld on the ISth day of October. 1500,
an assessment.' No. S. of one ($1) dollar per
?¦hare was levied upon the capital slock o"
the corporation, payable Immediately In
United States gold coin, to th* secretary at
the office of the company. No. S27 Market st.,
San Francisco, Cal.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 1st day of December,
1300, will be delinquent and advertised for
Fa'.e ct public auction, and unless payment
is :rn<Je before will be Bold on Thursday,
th»« 24th jjay of December. 1300. to pay tho
delinquent aFEsssment. together with the
ccsts of advertising and expenses cf sale.
E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
Ofrice located at No. S27 Market st.. San
Francisco, Cal.
ASSliSS31ENT NOTICES.
¦otiTRSRH t'Avtvtv conrui.
(TACina »»ir«s(.>
Train* lew** nml itr» «ta» tn nrrli* mi
MAM nURCMCO,
(Mala Line, Foot of Market Street)
LEA VI — VROM SOTIMSIR 7. 1300. — AUTO
•7:OO± BenlcU. Suisaii, Klmira. VaoatUle,
Ru!B3fT aail bier*meutu *7:l3r
•7:00 a ShMU Kxpress-D&Tia. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows. £«d
BluO. Portl»ixt *7i«F
*7>3Oa Mirtii.es. ¦S*nll»inon.V*:ieJo.i;»p».
U»liet4g» and ftiuit* Kim *StlSp
•8:0Oa Darta, Woodland. Knights Landta?.
MtrjsTille. Oro»Ul«, . «7»l3r
•8:00a Atlantic Kipres»-O*den and EjuS »2:*3r
•8.-OOA Nlles. Llwmors, Tr»cr. xVttfcropi __-
Btoekton »7sI3*
•StSVA S«u Jose, Uvermore. .Stockton,
lone, Maer&mento. Pla.certlUe,
M»ry»Tillc, Chlco, R«<l lUnlT MilJp
•H:3»A Oakdaie, Chinese, Souora. Carters... *l:l*p
•U:»o\ Hit war Ja. Nile* «nd Way SUUona. •! Ii45a
•VsVUi Loa Angeles Kxpren — Jdnrtinex,
Tracy, Latiirop. dtockton, Merceu
_ Fresno mid Loi Angoles *7>13p
•U::i»f Vail,.),!, Muilnei ami Way Stations *at43p
•lt»;OO*The O7erlAud Limited— Ogdeo. Den-
* »er. Omaha. Chicago ••:«*
•11:<IO* Nile*. Stoeklon. Hacnmento, Man-
dote. Fresno, Uauford. VUalla.
PortervtUa *i»l3»
•11:OOa LlTennore, Sasg«r. Goshen Junc-
tion. Bakenfleld. Los Angeles
tl:OOp Sacramento IUt«r Steamer* t3«0H»
•3:OOp HaywarOa, Mies and Way Stations. *3t43r
Mt«up Maitiuex, Man It»raou, Vallejo.
N a p ». t .'a lUto k f». *..n. t » Koca •tttl»a
•4:Ottr BenlcU. Winters. Haeiaiuento.
Woodland, KnfchU Landing,
MarjstUle. Ontvllle »IO:4S«
M «:»«>* Haywards. Mien and San Joee t«>4»A
•SiOOp Nile*. LJTermore aad Stockton *10>t3A
gUtOOr Hut.ct Limited. El Fa<% Sow
Orleans and East. cIAiISa
*3:0OfTb« Owl Limited— Ttaey, Ticsno.
&*kersfleld. Hauius lor Sauta Bar-
bara. Los AucIhi.... 'IOiISa
•3:O«r New Orleans Express— »akerstl«l<L
Ha»U ll.trliara.Lua Angeles. Den-
Ing, £1 Paso, Hew Orleans and
Eaat *7t*X*
•«:«Op Hatnardi, Niles tad Saa Jos* *7t4*A
tSitOp Vallejo *• Ii4»4
•ttiOttr Oriental Mall— Ogdta. Cheyenn*.
Omaha, Chicago *3t49p
•»:OOp Oriental .Mall— Ogden. ttenrer,
Oiiib*. Chicago. MilSr
*?:OOp Oregon and California Kipreis,Na«.
nuuenti!. Marja'HIe. lU'Ului.
Port!*...!. Png«» .Mouml ami Kaat *S>43a
•StOSp San P»blo, Pork (.'onto, Martlaes
•>«IW»j Stations •11j4. i »a
tSrO3p Vallfjn «Ht43»
COAST DITIKfOa (.Wrnit Mauge).
(Foot of Murkot Street.)
•SiISa Newark. C'eutrwTllle. Han Joae,K»ltoD.
Boulder Crcek.Bauta Crux and Way
iifcitioiis •»!3t»r
t*i 1 3p Newark. CenterviUe. 8au .log*, New
Almaden, Tel ton, llnaldnr Creek,
Hunt* Cms aud Principal Way
' SUtlous ?.••»•¦»•»*
•4iI3p Newark, 8*n Jose. Loa Gates •Si»«a
allt43p Hunters' Exounion, San Joss aad
Way Stations. .. t p»»Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr«B Sll FJtiSCISCO — r.at tr Hirktt Strut (Slip S)— '¦¦* "?';
•7:15 BOO 11.00».M. tl:83 *2:33 {3-C3
•4:C3 ' 1103 •8:83p.m.
Fr.mOtlUSB— f,,\ »fitui*tj.— ««:00 8.-00 10:0Oa.M.
t!2:S3 *1:33 t2:C3 »3:33 tt:C3
COAST DiriSIOa (BroaiHlaage).
(Third and Townnend ats.)
~t«tlOA Ocean View. South Man Francisco.. t*>3Op
•7:«M»A Han Jom ami Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wediiendais only) *I:30p
•ViOva Han Jose. Tres l'li.i.s, HauU Cruz.
Paoilic (irore. l'aso Itublcs. 8aa
Lnts OM.iim), Surf, Lompoc aud
Principal Way Station* MilOp
•lOilrn Sao Jose aud Way Htatlons ••)U3«
•lliXUa 8au Jose aud Way Stations *3t3Op
{'<*: I3p San Matro, Radwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. a»nU Clara, San .l.mn,
Tres Pinos. Santa Crux, Salinas.
MouWrvy an«» l*acM« Grove fl*:"**
fStSOp San Jose aad Way Stations *~i3s>p
t-»:l 3p San Josaaud Principal Way Stations *»: 13a
i.VOOpSan Joso. Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations 19:00*
¦•1:8vp Saa Jose and Principal Way Stations *S:33*
•«:SS)p San Jose and Way Stations fi:oo A
«ll«43p San Jose anil Way Stations TiSOp
A (or Horning. P for A (ternoon.
* Daily. t m tin rUr excepted. t Sunday only.
g Monday*. Wednesdays, Fridays-
« Tuesday*. Thursdays. Sundays.
' « Saturday ontZ;.
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESIW RY. CO.
LESSE3
SAN FBAKCiSGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TEBTJRON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
San Francisco to Ban Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:S0. »:00, 11:00 a. to.; 13:15, 1:30,
6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:1)
p. in. Saturdays— Extra tripa at 1:10 asd
11:30 p. m.
ETJNDATS— 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. iu.; 1:30. 1:30. >:«V
t:t3 p. m.
8an Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:S0. 8:20. 11:10 a. m.: U:«.
1:40, 5:10 p. rn. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:U
and (:3t p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40. 5:04,
8:25 p. m.
Betwe«n Saa Francisco asd Scbnetsea Park.
«ams) schedule aa above.
Leava j In Effect "1 Arrl-»«
Ban Franclaco. f N'ov. 7. 13CO- I Sao Francisco.
Week I Sun- I J Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
T:30 am 8:00 am Xovato, 10:40 am S:40am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:13 am
• :10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rota. 7:35 pm *:J2 pra
Fulton.
1:30 am WlnrUor. 10:15 axat
Healdsbur^.
Lytton.
Geyserville. '
1:30 pm SrfWara Clovesdale. 7:35 pm t:tt pn»
t:SO ami j Hopland j j
| 8:00 am| and Uklah. f 7:35 pmf «:21 pa
T^SOara 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernavtlle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm) l:Bpa
7:30 am S:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S:Wam
and ".-,- I ¦'¦
B:10 pm S:C0pml Glen Ellen. 9:05 pm >:B pm
T :30 am) 8:C0am] 110:40 am!10:Z5 am
' 1:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. f 7:3S pm| «:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whlt» Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeya«rvin« for Stcagrea Spring*: at C3ov«r<lal«
for tbe Gsysers; at Hopland tor Duncan
Bprlngs. Highland Springs. Kelscyyllle, Carls,
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartletl
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blu* Lakes, Laurel Dell Lak*. Witter
Eprlngs. Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Rtrerstde, Llerley*a. Bucknell'a.
lanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal,
Wtllets. Laytonvtle, Cummlnjs. Bell's Springs,
ilarrls, Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
'8a.tur<5ay to Monday round-trip tickets at »•«
4nced rates.
On Sundays, roand-trlp tickets t» all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market st, Chronldo bulM»
In- R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITTMO. Qen. Paaa. A«t.
Oen. Manager.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 3u. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL ViLLR
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:5S. *9:15. 11:00 a. m.. "1:CC
1:13. 4:C0. 6:15. »«:1S. i:« p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. "Wednesdays aa<i Sat*
urdayn at 9:00 and 11:35 p. tn.
SXJNDATS— «J:00. "10:00. »ll:»0 a. m.. "lOi
1:15. '4:45. 1:30, »:0O p. m.
Trains marked <*) run to San Quenttq.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN FRANO30X
WEEK DAYS— 5:23. ««:S0. 7:43. »:30 a. m^
12:t>\ 1:43k «3:3O. 4:30. 5:J0 ». m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
aad Saturdays at <:4$ and 10:20 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— «:20. *8:C0. •10:00, *U:« a. nv.
•IMO. 'S^. 4:45. *»:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentla.
FHOM MILL VALLET TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:45, «:45. 7:65. »:30 a. xa_
12:35. 1:10. 3:30. 4:54. S:2O p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wadnesdan
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:05, 10:C3 a. m.. 12:05. 1:13, t;z\
I:CO. . p. xrxins.
1 C:S5 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way «t*-
i tlons.
! 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— To malfs and way st»-
: tlons.
S:00 a. m. Sundays— Toiialea and way tt*»
tl«o«« •
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leavs Morket-itreet Ferry Depot.
Vy*. San rrandsoo.l »:0O a m 4:10 p ml 8:00 p a
Arr. 8tockton 13:30 p m 7:13 p m 11:06 p nt
- Merced 2:43 P m J=" » »
M Fresno ~ 4:M p m 1:05 a m
•• Vlaalla «^X) p m 4:50 am
•• Tular« l:Spm 6:10 am
•» Hanford »:33 p m 7:<* a m
«• / BakenDeld ... 8:SO p m T:3O a ra
•• l>er.ver 10:00 a m ¦ ¦
•* Kansas City... 6:15 p m
•* Chicago 7:« a m
• a. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corra>
•ponding train arrives at 8 p. ra. dally.
4:10 p m. la Stockton T*>ral. Corresponding
train arrtvea 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakers&eld Express,
with Bleeping Cax» fcr both cities. Correspcml-
fajg train arrives at 8 a. m. dally.
OFFICES— *J1 Market st. and In Ferry D*pot«
fT*.n Francisco: 1113 Broadway. Oakland.
§k Dr.jGib&oii's Dispensary,
» G25 tiKAUXTt MX. Kstanllataad
..* in 1SS4 lor the trsatmentot Private
>Sf Dueaaes, Lost Manbood. Debility or
\& disease vearingon bodyaod mind aad
B Skin DUeasoa Iht doctor cures when
y others faii Try him. Charaw low.
IBt'iire»eiiarante«<1. Callorwrit*
Or. J, Jt - <u t BBOa. Box 1957, baa 7raaclacr
NUMBERS
—OF THE— /-
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY,)
[PATENT APPLIED FOR-1 i
Single Number, Class "L," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., Sat-
urday, November 10, 19OO. V ' -
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prlze :
ISO 16 230.. 16 272 «
228 SO 398 80 609.. *J
608 21 631 40 860 16
870.. 21 120» 1C 1323 If
1432 16 1455 24 16S4 40
l£09 40 1S50 16 22SS. 1*
2338.. 1G 239S 18
2498... it) 25S5 16 2583 J8
2O30 16 2981 16 30M J»
3106 40 3307 80 3311 • 24
!4Gi • go 3507 24 8561 If
3668....;... 16 8537 40 35S9 24
3696 16 3771 SO 3774 21
2796.. 40 S884 <0 4103 24
4116 16 4169 16 4173 W
4250 16 4305 16 4372 24
4540 40 45S4 J 40 4S43 16
4681 3« 4637 16 4717 16
4761 16 4832........ 16 4302 24
610S 16 5233 24 5236..; !«'
5306 24 55G3 16 6645 1»
5G49 16 566S 4000 5682 1«
5730 16 6S45 24 608-1 24
6277 40 6327.. «-43 6U0.., 40
6137... 24 6773 16 6850 40
6960. SO 7150 16 7212 15
7263 16 7317 10 7263 21
7445 80 74S3 24 ' 7541 16
7543 16 7566 16 77.61 1«
7951........ 40 8151 13 8413 18
8574. .>..... 16 8577 ¦ 24 8587 18
8744 16 8748 16 8S35 24
8314 40 8947 40 89S6 16
9068 10 9227 16 9&U 24
9255 16 9355 16 9357 24
93S8 40 9157 40 9513 120
9523 21 9573 16 9610 18
9650........ 24 9669 24 9782 80
9732 400 9332 40 10109 40
10236 120 1036S 40 10497 24
10691 1C 10829 24 10S34 24
10S78 1« 10S34 80 10951 24
110C6 16 11365 16 11573 120
11577... 120 11600 24 11602.. 24
11792... 16 11917 40 11932. 1«
12111 16 12179 24 12225 24
12319 24 12576 16 12661 18
1S03S 80 13285 24 13379 W
13462.. •>.... 16 1S576 16 13793 24
1S801 80 13869 16 13882 24
13947.' 16 14017 40 14022 16
14005....-.,.. 40 14076 1*14247 40
14323 16 14153. 40 14497 24
14559.. 40 14633 24 14734 16
14763 40 14798 40 14915 16
15122 40 15153 16 15249 16
15309........ 16 15372 40 15497 16
15507 24 15509 80 15603 43
15637 4 1 ) 15740 16 15S38 16
15971 16 1606S 16 16217 40
16362 40 16386 24!l63S7 16
16443... 16 16463 24 16S29 16
16961 <0 17302 16 17407 21
17537 80 17805 16 17821 40
17887 16 1S017 40 1S283 80
183SS 80 18492 24 13539 40
18596 24 18617 1« 19748 18
18753 12118829 24 1S948 16
19183 24 19237 80 19277 16
19291........ 40 19414 80 19583 80
19731 40 19745 16 19925 16
19981 16 20025 16 20063 40
20120 24 20230 1000 20321 16
20366 24 20378....:... 40 20417 40
20-162.. 16 20876 40 2109S 40
21287 18 21454 80 21533 18
21534 24 21537 IS 21817 24
21932 40 21647....:... 80 21672 24
21747 16 21778 24 21911 40
21923.. 24 22041 24 22058 16
220S2 24 22119... 24 23190 80
22197 24 22362 80 22394 16
22508 120 22544 16 22647 16
2278S 16 22845 40 22908 24
22376 24 23101 80123143 24
23213 120 23277 24|23313 40
23389 40 23405 16123479 16
234S8: 24 23JIS 24 2360« 16
23687 24 23843 80 238S5 1*
23963 12024075.; 34 24083 40
21104 80 24282 40 24607 40
24664 16 247D4 24 24830 16
24858 16 24921 80 25079 16
25129 80 25178 24 25210 16
25359........ 80 25463 16 25766 40
25966". • 16SC076 16 26254 16
26464 24 2G512 24126521 16
26551 24 2S5S1 24126576 16
26974 16 27008 24127033" 80
27063... 40 27149 24127170 16
27305 16 27364 16127366 40
27404 16 274S0 24127694 16
27764.. 16 27S44 24127937 16
28007 24 2S129 40I2S309 40
28351 40 2S491 80128493 40
28795 40 2S825 24129129 1«
2925S 24 29378 4O|29466 18
29T.E5.. ...... 16 29876 40 29930 24
29949 40 30032 -40 30033........ 40
30274 16 30279 ..8000 30343 16
S0563 16 30814 40 30620 16
30720........ 24 30723 16 30755 16
30903 16 31026/. 24 31031 24
31143 40 31240 1S1S1S70 16
31425... 16 31443 2*131705 24
31754 24 31934 16 31933 16
32394 16 32440 16i32S6S 16
325S1 16 32674 16132713 16
32005........ 24 32D34 24 33298 16
33380 16 33468 16 33482 16
33570 16 33675 24 3371.' 14
33S30 16133965 40 34073 40
34114 24134357 40 S43S8 80
34419 16134447 24 34607 ' 24
34734 40135041 16 35171 16
35250 24135264 16 33438 40
35489 18135496 40 S5505 16
35C32 16135670 16I359D7 1«
S6030 16 36340..: 24136134 24
38194 16 36207 16IS6297 24
36392 24 36408 24 36488 80
36320 16136657 16 36678 40
36864 16137126 24 37242 16
37275 16 3740S 80 37435 120
37452 16 37599 16 37911 16
37994 16 38915 24 38053 16
3S143 16 39160 16 38162 80
3S316 16 38427 24138503 40
S8630 16 38556 24138739 gfl
S8779 80 3S971 16|38t>84 16
39105 16X9114 1RI39220 40
39369 16 39517... 40139602 16
S98S0.. 16 39S07 "16 39813 16
39916 16 40130 ". 16 40294 24
40410 16 40727........ 16 40733 16
40791 40 40S26 16 40S35 24
40902. 80 41143 16 41229 80
41239 24 41351 .16 41529 16
41553 16 41667 120 41747 80
41830 "16 41839 80 41920 40
41917 16 12049 40 42103 16
42169 24142207 24 42271........ 16
4237B 24142433 24 42588 16
42593 24 42744 24 42790 24
43303 -15I433G8... 40 45371........ 24
43763. 16145783 16143837 16
43S87. 16 43889 16 43S91 16
44037 24 41052 80144271 16
44321.. 40 443S7 16 44«SO 24
44730 40I44R05 ,„ 16I44S59 24
44S92 16144958 E0I45049 24
45165 24I433S3 24143432 16
45535 40 43564 24U..5S8 24
45B24. ....... 16 4562S... 16145780 16
45811 16 45S57 16145393 IS
46245 80146307 .... 24 '46314 16
4fi316 24146400 24116451. ....... 24
46876. ....... 18147023 16 47027 U
47073 24 47102... 40 47130 24
47230 80 47316 24 47506 24
47609 24H7621 16 47716 40
47723 16 17820 24 47S89 80
47923 43 47924 24 47977 80
48043 16 48418 80 48441 24
43479........ 40 48380 16 48834 16
48780 -24 48841 16 48934 40
48970 16 43123 16 49231. 1«
43289 80 40302 80 49332 16
49437 S000O 49488 16 49616 40
49813 24 49970.." * 16 50244 40
59302........ 16 50312 16
60ES3 16 505S6 400 50SS6 40
¦ 50K21.. 16 509G1.. 16 51C52 40
61118 24 511S7 40 51203........ SO
61225 24 51320 24 51310 15
61050 16 51753 40 51768 40
E21U 2152228 80 52227 40
62274. ....... 80 32296 24|52349 16
624G9 S0E261S: 16 52C43 2i
B26CO 16 52733 16 52870 80
63004 16 53021 16153062 120
63C?2 1000 53120 120 53149 40
6S15J.1 24 53415........ 24 53134 24
63437.. 1653531 2153561 24
K1717.. ...... 400 53724 40 637S6 if
E3S59 40 54008 24 54133 40
54166 24 54213 24 54320 u
64336. ....... 24 54359.. 24 54533........ is
54D42. ....... 16 54S35 40i54353 40
65086... 40 50230 24|5S274 40
5J366.. ...... 40 55424 16 53*59 24
CSC26... 24 55729 16 55819 16
55S37 24 55351 40 55395 lg
f.6156 16 56190 40 56212 16
EfinS 24 56240 SO 56251 24
5(5312 8056378.. 16 56437 ' 120
5G606... 16J6673 '24 56697.. 16
66S0S 16 56S64 40 56343 jg
56S76... 16 67026........ 24 57CS2. is
67144. 24 57180.-... 24 67196 24
67320.. 24 57378........ 120 573S6. ....... 16
57450........ 16 57501........ 24 57506 40
57517........ 16 57538........ 16 57772 40
E7S2S.. ...... 24 57875.;. 16 57877 is
C7SS2-... 16 57962 84 57992 u
Es'lS 16 5S592 18 58596. 40
5S699.. ...... 24 5S728 16 5SSS9.. ...... 16
5'jp63 16 5S15O... ' 16 591S1... 24
M1S6... 40 69211. 16 59316... 24
B93S3. :...... 4O59a$2 16 59595 «o
60670... 24 59786 40 59806... '16
5i£35........ 16 59917........ SO 5992i 40
60450........ . 16 60579........ 16 60C69........ 80
6C717.. ...... 406083S.. 40 60926 so
6M40.'....... 16 61037........ 1661063.. 24
610S7.. 24 61400... 16161476 14
61542. 40 61675 80 81694.. .24
C1723... . 40 62073.. 16162099... ; 2i
62104;.'...... 16 62326 24,62410........ 16
6:420.:....:. 80 62473. 16162320........ u
62:64........ 16 6:614........ 24 62S00.. ...... go
62S77:.. ...'... 24 62995 2163077..:..... 40
63149........ 80 63163........ 18 63211........ 4C
6C223 120 63251........ 18 63447........ «
C35S8. ....... 40 63614..;...%. 16|63635.. ...... 4C
63663........ 16 63682.;...... 40 63720.......". •".-«
6?737. ....... 24 63315.. 24 6G3CS.. ...... 2\
'6S958.....:.. 16 63965........ 24 64047. u
64114........ ''40 64220::.. 24 64233 if
64249 16 B4275.. ....... 16 645S3. ....... 8"
64C24.. 16 61655... 40 64761 1(
64770........ 24 64830....*... 16 64537........ 1(
65133........ 16 65186........ 2l!fi5255. ....... If
65233.. ¦;:..'.'. .16 65330.'.. .'.... 12O!63I14... if
6.1427.. ...... ,16 63630........ S0i6i6;6........ if
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by presi-
dent of Honduras National Lottery 'Company.
i Loulsl ana State Lottery Company.)
i'000 FOR 50 ' CENTS-ONE-QUARTER OF
. THE" SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Orleans.
Personally came and appeared before me.
James Joseph Woulfe. a Notary Public In and
for the Parish of Orleans. State of Louisiana,
Will Switzer Esq.. of Meridian. Miss, now so-
journing In this city. who. after being duly
sworn according to law, deposeth and g-wear-
eth that he Is the bona flde owner of a ticket
of the Honduras National Lottery Company,
numbered 2941, which participated tn the draw-
Ingr of October 13. 1900, having made the pur-
ohase of said ticket at a cost of 50 cents from
out of his own funds. WILL SWITZER.
Sworn to and subscribed by me at New Or-
leans. October 34. 1900.
JAMES J. WOULFE. Notary Public.
$2000 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE-QUARTER OF
THE SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of New Tork. County of New Tork.
Anton Beppler. belns duly sworn, deposes and
Bays' "I reside at the Eastern Hotel In the
City of New Tork. I am the bona flde holder
of one-quarter ticket No. 2941 of the Honduras
National Lottery Company drawing, held Sat-
urdav October 13. 1900, which drew the second
capital prize of eight thousand (JSOOO) dollars.
and on which the amount of two thousand
(12000) dollars was duly paid to me.
(lAJWJj aouo "ANTON BEPPLER."
Sworn to before, me on this twenty-third day
Of October 1900. JACOB OPPEXHEIM,
or w«>«f. Notary Public, New Tork.
14000 FOR «1— ONE-HALF OF SECOND CAP-
- , ITAL PRIZE.
State of New Jersey. County of Hudson.
Before me. Carsten Pope, a Notary Public
In and for the State of New Jersey, on this
day personally appeared Albert Kleselbaoh. re-
sldlmr at 309 Alexander avenue. New Yorlt
City who being duly sworn, on oath eays he
la trie holder and owner of one-half ticket No.
2941 which number drew the second capital
rrtz'e of eight thousand ($8000) dollars In the
Ilnnduras National Lottery Company on Satur-
day^ October 13. 1900. A. KIESELBACH.
Sworn to and subscribed before me October 13,
1900 CARSTEN POPE.
Notary Public. New Jersey.
$7500 FOR 80 CENTS— ONE-QTTARTER OF
* FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Louisiana. Parish of St. Mary.
Before me. Charles Frank Borah, a Notary
Public In and for the Parish of St. Mary. State
of Louisiana, pernonallyappeared Edward Lar-
sen Eaa residing at Franklin. In the Parish
of St. Mary. La., who being by me (notary)
duly sworn, doth depose and say that he Is the
bona flde owner of one-quarter ticket No. 29,6.
which drew the first capital prize of thirty
thousand ($30,000) dollars In the drawlcs of
October 13, 1900. held at Puerto Cortez. Hondu-
„, c A and that said ticket was paid on
p?ekeniaUon. EDWARD LARSEN.
Witnesses: H. JS. ******** , J - D ; Morris.
- Sworn to- and subscribed before me this
twentv-thlrd day of October. WOO.
CHARLES FRANK BORAH. Notary Public
I am the bona fldei owner of one-half ticket
No 2976 Class K. drawing of the Honduras
National Lottery Company, on October 13. 1900
held at Puerto Cortez, Honduras. C. A., which
number won the capital prize, of thirty thou-
sand ($30,000) dollars, and I! have received the
money In full. ADOLPH STEKK.
102 Floyd St., Brooklyn. N. T.
MAX WUSTRAW.
Notary Public No. 75, Kings County.
TAL PRIZE.
The subscriber bavins supervised the single
rumber drawing, class Z.. Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby c^rttnea that the
obove are the numbers which were this flay
drawn from the 100,000 placed In the wheel, with
the prizes corresponding to them, vvitness my
hand at Puerto Cortez. Honduras. C. A., this
Saturday. November 10. 190O.
GEORGE "W. DUPRE, Commissioner.
Vice GEN. W. CABELL, Alwent.
$13 000 FOR Jl-ONE-HALF OP FIRST CAPI-
999 numbers ending with 37, being th» two
lost figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of 130,000— 13.
999 numbers ending with 79. being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of |S00O—$3.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
100 numbers from 49,337 to 49.4S7. lndnslTe.
being 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of *30 CCO-J40.
100 numbers from 30.229 to 30.329. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of fS00O-*24.
100 numbers from 5618 to 5718. Inclusive, being
50 numbers on each side of the number drawing
the capital prize of f400O— $16.
APPKOXIMATION PRIZES.
No. Prize. INo. Prize. IXo. Prize.
6°731 1665738 24 6SS4S 40
6»M«3 12066057 16J66080 1«
««32 16 66333......... 40 66345 18
66418 16 66311 16,65633 »
?<£}? — IS S8781 16,66965 1«
fJO'0 120-67121 16167434 40
«i2J2 16 67712 16i677S3 2*
16 67847 16 67871 16
6.877........ 16 6S077 16:68^)0 16
«f?52 16'68350 .¦ 30J6S436 »
ll a 'l 16|6S«57 166S6S0 IS
6SbS2 40*8713 24168745 IS
«$?S5 166884a 2l|63(«0 40
63U82 24 6S161 16 69233 120
«¦££ 24 63409 80163557 24 I
63637 24 63542 16i69730 IS
63S49 15(63SS6 24,63330 45
"00&8 16|70184 24170203 24
70383 40170577 4OI706S5 80
70696........' 24 70724 54,70863 18
71033 24 710G2 40171C62 40
71C74 16 71000 2471223 40
71329 16 71400 16|714S4 1«
71492 16 71533 24171550 120
71C36 40 71784 16171776 24
71S7O 54 71994 40172137 16
72178 24 72277 16172349 24
723S0 16 73434 16172303 19
7?516 80 72478 16 72710 1«
72S29 2*73061 1*73064 40
73073 40 73134 16 73172 80
73351 40 73413........ J 4 73491 1«
7M38 16 73732 16 73S53 1«
73971 24 73397 16 74161 40
74230 24 74246 24 74250 SO
74219 24 74402 16 7*453 1«
74539.. SO 74581 1«!74779 40
74SS2 80 75389 16175552 18
75599 16 756S7 21 7562S 24
75716 16 75733 16 75937 24
7C0O7 40 76020 24 7613S U
76147 16 76222 1«!76225 W
7C372 16 76529 16 76578 1*
71M06 40 76308 40 76957 24
77115 24 77181 16 77402 80
77431 14 77433... .i... 40,77461 16
77435 16 77372 16i778Sl 1*
77875 16 77877 2C00I773S1 »
7S043 16 7SC65 40'7S086 l W
7J105 2J|7S124 ¦ 40178230.. ..:... U
7S280 24 7S2S4 1« 732S8 18
7X289 24 78449 14 73499 16
78562 16 78730 M^V3 J£
78R58 12O7S949 16 79123 120
7M36 80 79400 34 79410 J*
73467 24 7J704.. ...... M 79953 34
7S976 16 7998S 80 30003 4»
S0131 40SC195 JlS02«o }«
80S64 40S0777 80 80737 49
8C-812 4C80S47 16 808S1 JJ
8D912 24 S0979 16|81054 1«
81081 24 81031 1SJ81101 »
S11S0 16 81241 40181259 40
81325 14 81346 14 51451 «
8H7S 80 81702 80 S1S43 40
81869... 24 81936 16j8199» |»
82044 16 82046 16182464 24
82666 16S2701 16 82706 24
82833 W 83064 40 83066 16
83115 24S3133 SO 83351 «
833S5 16 33542 24 83623 1«
S3665 120 83727 16 83846 14
83S34 80 83957 80 &39»7 40
84043 24S4094 16 84183 24
84332 400 84377 14 34433 1«
84.130 40 84627 16j84737 24
84954 16 8496* 40183183 1«
85199 408528S 16185334 80
85428 16185547 401S564S 40
8ff>56 24 83636 16 85S1S W
8C104 24 86130 24 86240 16
SC409 24 86458 - . 34 86522 24
8C552 16 S665S 40 88753 1«
86S95 16 87130 ; 16 87201 16
87214 24 87427 16 87463 24
87707 4087715 • 16,87995 1»
8S1Q2 8OJ8S223 16JSSS87 16
ES600 16J8S608 16 83611 1«
88844 80 88817 40 88846 40
88892 80SS893 16 S3937 *>
89C29 80 89042 80 59085 24
89127 16 S9144 18IS3293 40
8*383 16 39573 120189588 24
gMSl 14 89854 40I9O109 ?»
9C:?3 40 9C350 24I9O44O *>
9C£86 40 90591 1IC190757 80
9CS39 24 9CS65 8019OS33. ....... 24
90353 16 91013 24 91272 24
«1?$4 16I91S27 40 91238 M
93343 16 91513 40 91623 16
91P41 16 91751 16 91958 J»
9JC53 16 33101 40i»2111 24
82213 16|92399 24[?2451 16
9K64 _. 16 92611 40S92661 16
92S09 16 92843 24J9295O «
92S7S 16 93000........ 24 93005 16
9S040 16 83067 16|9S138 4C0
SJ251 16 33254 1SI93279 24
93331 ~ 40S354S 15 93620 24
83660 . 16 93S71 M 335M }»
94059 16 94202 40)94245 16
94268 16 94398 24194439 16
94465 24 94499 45194550 16
94620 80 94643 24194379 80
94750 24 94S48 80:94853 24
94S85 24 91910 16I94970 16
o;fS5 16195214 16135277 16
8S2S4 2435582 19!9a6S4 1«
95*n!;M"n 40IK829 24135838 24
SCC40 16 9COC6 16J960S2 J4
S6144 ..... ... 54 98179 24|96253 24
9G296. ....... 40 96C24 J0J96634 16
98991 24 97084 24|97163 40
97220 16 97282 161974H U
97641 16 97742 16197912 40
97S51 16 9S003 16198221 24
9?2S9 16 98304 KJ9834S 16
9S4Q3 24 98543 16i38608 16
9SC34 40 38692 24 98755 16
9S782 24193379 24,38921 14
9S960 24IS9C31 40,99092 18
99178." 4099179 8o!99211 40
9S*34. ....... 40 99235 16 SS321 24
99478 40 99620 24 99654 40
99S74 16|99910 16 99921 89
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE— A solemn re-
. quiem hijrh macs will be celebrated for a'l
.the deceased members of the Youne Ladles'
' Institute to-morrow «Saturday). at 10 o'cliv't
In St. Michael's Church. LIvermore.^Aii
members and friends of the order are invited
to be present. ANNIE Jl. PONTROFF.
Grand President. •
JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY. nU
Grand Secretary. - "
inTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ipvited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2048 Green street, between Buchanan
and Webster, thence to St. Brigid's Church,
corner of Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
where a solemn requiem mass for the repose
of her soul will be held, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WAPPEL— Entered into rest, in this city. No-
vember 13. 1900. Michael Wappel, devoted
father of Mrs. Bllse M. Fay and George and
Albert M. Wappel, a .native of Baden, Ger-
many, aged W years. (Maryaville. Cal ca-
pers please copy.)
prKemalna at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion Btreet, between Twentieth and Twenty-
first, where funeral services will be held
this day (Friday), atj o'clock. IntPrment
private. Kindly omit flowers.
WEIL— In this city. November 14. 1-WO. David
Well, beloved husband of Bella Weil father
of Leo. Bernhard and Julia Well, and brother
of William. Louis and Joseph Well. a native
of Germany, aged 64 years 6 months and 26
days.
C2Trien«3s and acquaintances are resneor.
fully invited attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 830 Ellis street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
WIENER— In Kane. Pa.. November 14. 1900
Annie Wiener, beloved wife of Abe Wiener'
mother of Dollle. Llbble. Carrie. Beckle. and
Gertrude Wiener, daughter of Mr. and Mrs
K. Haesen, and sister of Mrs. Carrie Coh»n'
Ike Hassen and the late Mrs. Rebecca Kuehn'
a native of Poland, aged 42 years. xvuenn \
WOODS— In the City and County Hosriita.1
November 14. 1900, infant son of Grace Woods'
a native of California, aged l month
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 155 Trumbull street, off Mission road,
• thence to St. John's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMART— In this city. Robert Ewen Smart, be-
loved eon of Robert and Tamar Smart, and
brother of Mildred T. Smart, a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 days.
SMITH— In Decoto, Cal., James Grafton Smith
P. 2.1. Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and A M
a native- of Missouri, aged 69 years 7 months
and 15 days.
STEVENS— In Thermalito, Cal., November 13
1900, Calvin C. Stevens, a native of Maine
aeed i0 years 1 month and 10 days.
\tT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Memorial Hall
.1. O. O. F. building. Funeral under the aus-
pices of Yerba Eucna Lodge No. 15, I. O. O.
F. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TUCKEY— In this • city. November 13. 1900
Vatllda Rose Tuckey. beloved sister of Emil,
Valentine, Joseph L. and Boniface F. Kehr-
leln, Mr». Ed J. Duffield and Mrs. Frederick
W. Seibel, a native of San Francisco.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 MUsion street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SKEHEN— In this city, November 14. 1900.
James, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
Ekehen, and devoted father of John M., Liz-
zie C. Mary A. and Marguerite F. Skehen.
a native of County Waterford. Ireland, aged
51 years.
CT'Notice of funeral hereafter.
MURPHY— In this city, at her residence. 3344
Twenty-fourth street, corner of Bartlett.
Mary, beloved wife of J. W. Murphy, and
mother of Willie, Jamie and Ellen Douglass
Murphy, a native of Menlo Park, aged 40
years.
" ITTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3344 Twenty-fourth street, thence to
St. James Cliurch, where a mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Ploas« omit flowers.
RUSSELL— In Oakland, Cal., November 15.
1S0O. Ell F. Russell, husband of Carrie F.
Russell, and father of Ada, Edith, Earls.
Gcuevieve and Clyda Russell and Mrs. F. it
Noyes, a native of Indiana, aged 64 years and
8 months.
ETFuneral services at his late residence.
$38 Filbert street, Oakland, this day (Fri-
day), at 10 o'clock. ' Interment private.
SCHMITT— In this city, November 15, 1900.
Babette Schmltt. beloved wife of the late
Avtgustln Schmltt. and mother of Mrs. George
Scheldt and Eugene and Martin Schmltt, a
native of Bernfeld, Alsace, aged E9 years 8
months and S days. (Chicago and Joliet pa-
pert* please copy.)
Cyinterment private. Cremation L O. O.
F. Cemetery
SELOVWSKY— In this city, November 15. 1900,
Guetave, dearly beloved husband of Marie
Selovwgky, a native of Berlin, Germany, aged
It, years and 22 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com
puny. 2423 Mission street, near Twenty-flrot.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KITTO— In this city. November 13. 1900, John
Kitto, a native of Cornwall, England, aged 41
years.
McXENNA— In this city. November 15. 1900,
James A., beloved son of Jamea and Mary
McKenna, and nephew of Margaret Lough-
nane, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years
4 months and 17 days.
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invlteil to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 720 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing nt 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
HOLCOMB— In this cifV, November 14. 1900.
Sarah Halcomb. beloved mother of Isaac
Holcomb and Mrs. J. A. Owens, a native of
Missouri, aced 92 years.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend his funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2654 Twenty-second street, between
York and Hampshire. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
HEYFRON— In this city, November 14. 1300,
Elian, beloved wife of Patrick Heyfron, a
naMve of County Waterford, Ireland, aged 7 r ;
years.
EvTriends and acquaintances are respeo;-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
Sunday. November. IS, at 11 o'clock, at Odd
Fellows' Hall, Eleventh and Franklin street*.
Oakland, under the ausDlces of Porter Lodge
No. 272. I. O. O. F. Interment Mountain
View Ometery. : .
HEWITT— In this city, November 15, 1900, John
James Hewitt, beloved husband of Annie
Hewitt, father of Thomas J. Hewitt, an«l
brother of Mrs. Annie Maloon. Mrs. Emma
Leslie, Miss Maggie and Letetla Hewitt and
of Robert. Charles, William. Edwin. FrencU
and Thomas Hewitt, a native of Belturbet,
County Cavan. Ireland, aged 30 years 7
months and 9 days.
C^Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Co., 1239 Market street. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
HARVEY— In Oakland. November 14. 1900, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Eliza Harvey, and
futher of Mrs. Mary Fox, Mrs. Elizabeth
Smith. Mrs. Dora Cady and Robert. William
and John Harvey, a native of Ireland, aged 73
years 2 months and 1* days.
C?Frlenils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
. James UcMenomey & Son. 10S7 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRUSETTA — In San Benlto. San Benlto
County. Cal., November 10, 1800, John Fru-
Botta, a late resident cf New York, a native
of Switzerland, aged 53 years. (New York
pnpers please copy.)
GORMAN— In this city. November 15, 1S0O. Ed-
Ward Gorman, a native of Ireland, axed 23
years.
E7Notice cf funeral hereafter.
FENTON— In this city, November 14, 1900,
Patrick Fenton, a native of County Cork.
Ireland, aged 66 years. A member of Ship-
wrights' Association. (New York papers
please copy.)
tET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday),. at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
II. P. Petersen & Co., 22S McAllister street,
under the auspices of Danmark No. 2. Mem-
bers ulease attend. Cremation Odd Fellowa
Cemetery.
FAVA— In Phoenix. Ariz.. November 14. 1900,
Amedeo Fava, beloved husband of Elisabeth
Fava, and father of Mrs. Louis Le Clare and
Albert J. and Ldllten V. Fava, a native of
Lucca. Italy, aged tl years and 6 months.
(C^Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the Darlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 403 Powell street, near Post.
EBELOE— In this city, November 14, 1900, Mar-
tin Ebeloe. beloved husband of Sedsel Ebe-
loe. a native of Denmark, aged 4C years 8
months and 10 days. A member of Danmark
No. 2. Dania.
Donovan, and dearly beloved brother of Jo-
eeoh, Paul and Jerome Donovan,
Mrs. Annie C. Eldridgre and Mrs. Frances A.
Burnham, a native of Elizabethport; N. J.,
ased 25 years and 8 days.
(GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at- 8:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to the Chapel of the Pas-
sion, attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DUNN— In this city, November 14. 1900. Wil-
liam Dunn, beloved son of the late John and
Marcaret Dunn, and brother of Lawrence,
Cornelius C. Henry L. and Michael Dunn, a
nativr* of England, aged Cl years and 11
months.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLUS S.
ORE AT~BARGAIN s' IN~TYPE WRITERi^We
tell better machines for less money than any
hcuse In the city: rentals, |3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 268.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
¦Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery et. •
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. £5 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinscn Sugar Planta-
tion Ccmrany will b« payable at the office
of the comjizny. No. 327 Market St., on" and
after Tuesday, November 20, 1300. Transfer
books will close on Wednesday, November 14,
1900, at S o'clock i>. tn.
E*. H. SHELDON, Secretary.THE TWO STARS WHO CRE
ATED A SENSATION LAST
. NIGHT IN "FAUST."
MELBA REVEALS HER POWERS
IN THE ROLE OF MARGUERITE
£^r A r-^n-i HAT is the matter with
iff / IM San Francisco? Melba
m II <n the cost, Saleza and
ft p^ I K the gorgeously dowered
p/^&jL/ML Plancon, and seats pa-
V ] ore gi ow ing a lurid
protest against our un
doubted provincialism.
It was my pleasure to hear the good
little Italian band now at the California
Theater last Sunday evening, In company
with the enthusiastic Latin crowd that
always greets the artist among their
countrymen. Immediately in front of me
sat a black-polled, swarthy Italian with
his' bright-eyed, wife and a child. They
were not innocent of garlic, the woman's
gown was ancient of cut and the bimbo's
pudgy fingers might have been cleaner,
but man, woman and child were Joying
in the music with all their hearts, and
they had given their six bits apiece for
the privilege, for 1 saw the man pay the
money. ,
That's not the end of the story. The
next day I saw the man, smudge-faced
and aproned, tilting a rubbish barrel into
a garbage wagon, but with still something
of the joy of the Sunday harmony In his
pleasant eye?. He had eaten and drunken
with the gods, and the whole week was
saner, sweeter, sunnier for the feast.
Xow what proportion of his income had
the wi.«e Italian devoted to the Indulgence
of his higher needs? Two dollars and a
quarter from say ten or, at the outside,
fifteen dollars a week. Who among you
of the grand -opera audience last night
served art at such bji apparent sacrifice?
And who among you who might have
ALICE NIELSEN COMING
WITH A STARRY COMPANY
Dazzling Array of Operatic Singers. Now Heading for
San Francisco to Hold Forth at the Columbia-
FINE ARRAY OF TALENT
FOR TEACHERS' BENEFIT
Elaborate Programme of Vocal and Instrumental
Music for Concert in Metropolitan Hall.
12
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1900.
Soprano solo, "Ocean, Thou Mighty Monster"..
(Oberon) Webtr
Miss Grace Davis.
Accompanied by Dr. H. J. Stewart.
Trio, (a) "Serenade," <b) "Moment Must
cale" Schubert
Mary, Dorothy and Susan Pasmore.
Contralto solo, "Idle Words".... Stephen Adams
Miss Xena Roberts.
Accompanied by Miss Berth* Roberts.
Quartet, (a) "Hark! Hark! the Golden
Throated Lark"
(b) "Here's a Health" Pasmor*
Miss George. Miss Obermuller, Miss Moor>.
Miss Burchler.
PART SECOND.
Soprano solo, "The Spring Has Come"...Whlt«
Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark.
Violin solo, "Le Regret" G. Mlnettl
Miss G. Freeman.
Contralto solo, selected
Mls« Adelaide Burchler.
Accompanied by H. B. Vasmore.
Soprano solo, selected t
Miss Maud Fay.
Bass solo, "Sunset" Dudley Buck
Walton Webb.
Soprano solo, "Dores" Nerin«
Miss Beulah George.
. Accompanied by Ylolin, cello and piano.
Hungarian duet Brahms
Mrs. Caroline Roper von Benzon and Zlias
Maud Fay.
Harp solo, "Maxurka de Concert". .Schueckuer
Mrs. Alexander Breltschuck Marquardt.
Duet, "A Night in Venice" Lucantonl
J Miss Grace Davis and J. F. Veacc.
Accompanied by Franklin Palmer.
SOME of San Francisco's most tal
ented musicians will take part in
the concert to be given Friday
evening. November 22, at Metro
politan Hall for the benefit of the
Teachers* Annuity Association.
One of the most interesting features of
the programme will be the trios of tho
Pasmore children, who are real artists,
notwithstanding their youth. Among
other numbers they will render the"Pe-'
tite Suite," composed by their father, H.
P. Pasmore, This will be tho first public
rendering of this composition.
Following Is the programme In full:
PART FIRST.
Quartet, "Beware" Pasmore
Miss Beulah George, Miss Obermuller.
Miss Anna Moore. Miss A. BurcWer.
Contralto solo, (a) "Spring 8erenade"...Holme«»
(b) "The Sweetest Flower" Hawlry
Accompanied by MIbs Mollie Pratt.
Trio. "Petite Suite" Pasmoro
Allegro (work), andante (sorrow ana
hope), allegro vivace (play). Mary Pas
more, violin: Dorothy Pasmore, sello;
Busan Pumore. piano. .-.„,__
Tenor solo, "Though Tou Forget" Tipton
J. F. Veaco.
n.™^to B «3Sy !W Frankl ! n ..^.o e b^theur
"'"Mrs 80 AlexS? Breit'schuck Marquardt.
THE THREE PASMORE CHILDREN, CLEVER LITTLE ARTISTS WHO
WILL RENDER THE "PETITE SUITE." COMPOSED BY THEIR
FATHER AT THE TEACHERS' ANNUITY ASSOCIATION BENEFIT.
ALICE NIELSEN, the popular oper
atic prlma donna, will open an en
gagement at the Columbia Theater
on Monday, November 26, follow
ing Frank Daniels. Miss Nielsen
returns to what may be termed her native
heath with the largest and most expen
sive traveling organization in this coun
try. N'ot enly does she bring a supporting
company of nearly one hundred people,
but In orde» to properly Interpret the in
tricate and difficult scores of her two
operas. "The Singing Girl" and "The For
tune Teller." she is accompanied by a spe
cial orchestra of fifteen expert musicians,
¦which, augmented by th<» Columbia Thea
ter orchestra, will make a band almost as
imposing as that now playing at the
Grand Opera-house.
Miss Nielsen's supporting cast is, it is
claimed the strongest vocally and in its
comic elements that has ever appeared in
light opera In America— not even except
ing the Bostonians.
In her support is the great basso pro-
fundo, Eugene Cowles, who has no equal
off the grand opera stage. Richie Ling,
the powerful dramatic tenor. Is also in her
company, together with Viola Gillette, a
beautiful and accomplished contralto.
Miss Nielsen also has three comedians.
They are Joseph Herbert, who attained
fame as the loading comedian of the Au
gnstin Daly Company; Joseph Cawthorn
who at one time was a star in farce-com
edy, and John Slavin, who was formerly
associated with Delia Fox.
The' cost of Miss Nielsen's Western trip
for salaries, railroad fares and other ex
penditures is said to be s-o great that It
will be impossible for her to reap any
financial gains from her visit to San
Francisco. Miss Nielsen, however, does
not forget that this was the city where
she obtained her first encouragement and
made her first successes. Since her ap
pearances here, in "Robin Hood" and the
Serenade, with the Bosfonians, she has
2«n e - r T5 rk . able advan ee* in her profes
sion and desires to show her old towns-
Sh???n W . mu <£, 8 he has improved and
merits. VC Ct upon her ar «stic
ALICE NIELSEN. A FORMER SAN FRANCISCO GIRL. WHO IS SOON
TO APPEAR AT THE COLUMBIA AT THE HEAD OF HER. OWN
SPLENDID OPERA COMPANT.
been of the audience last night, and who
neglected the largest artistic privilege of
most of your lives, can show so good a
reason for your neglect as this knight of
the garbage-wagon might show, if he so
ChOB6?
Tou don't know what you are missing.
Every performance that Mr. Grau gives
is a high artistic festival, a series of
glorious pictures, a magnificence of sen
suous and spiritual harmony, and the full
gratification of every esthetic sense with
which we are gifted. You cannot go
wrong in choice. One may personally pre
fer the Wagnerlan music-drama, but yot
hugely enjoy the perfection of Italian
opera as it is here given, and if you are
watting for something better heaven is
your home, for it does not exist down
The house last night was encouragingly
snthusiastic. It seemed to appreciate
that the flower of things operatic was be
fore its eyes and ears. Ye gods! it was a
performance!
Melba, the nightingale; Plancon, the
magnificent— and the splendid Saleza were
heard at their, hugest best in "Faust.
The choruses • were . magnificent. The
familiar "Soldiers' Chorus, with its gor
geous pageantry to tickle the eye, nalbert
and spear, slashed jerkin, glittering
armor, noble knight and gentle squire,
parsing' in endless procession, was given
with inimitable swing and dash, and given
again to an encore that would take no
denial; and the pictures, all through, a
glow and delicate harmony of color and
form, with the splendid, lurid splash of
Mephlsto woven in and through as
Turner used his cunning reds It was
worth while for these, even without the
Services at Temple Emanu-El.
':- Divine services' this 'evening-, at Temple
Emanu-El . commence at 8 o'clock. . Dr.
Voorsanger will deliver : the third lecture
in the announced course, "Plain Talks for
Plain People." .* ; .
Sudden Death of O. Salowsky-.
G. Salowsky, proprietor of a men's fur
nishing goods store at 232 Sixth street,
fell dead at 3:45 p. m. yesterday in the
store of L. & ; G. Brenner, 17 Battery
street. He had been under medical care
for heart disease. •
, A Irftborer Injured.
Michael Rooney. a rigger, while at work
on the 'traveling crane 'yesterday at the
Union Iron Works lost his balance and fell
a distance • of thirty feet.? When .'picked
up by his fellow-workmen he was sent to
the Receiving Hospital,; Where Dr.-Bun
nell found a bad fracture. oftheibaseof
the skull, which, together with serious
internal injuries; will probably prove fa
tal. ;>• .- -.- ¦- p ¦'- ¦ : . "¦ -¦ - .O"-- : ': :
To Represent This Coast.
Wakefield Baker, president of the Pa
cific Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers'
Association, started yesterday for Wash
ington to attend the proceedings before
the Interstate Commerce Commissioners
in which the interests of the coast are
concerned, and which is to, take" place on
December 10. H. D. Loveland. vice presi
dent and genera! manager of Tillmann &
Bendel. who was also - delegated by ¦ the
Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Association
to visit Washington, will start for the
Eaet December 1
All your money reruncieJ by any dealer If not
satisfied with " a . smoke of the "American"'
clear Havana, cigar. ! *
The Shoe Trust Sale.
Did you see the rush at the Bee? Hive?
Never before did ladles supply themselves
with shoes as they did at this shoe trust
sale. Why not when ladles* $4 60 French
kid shoes are going at *1 90, ladies' $3 50
vici kid, ¦ Jl 65; children's and misses'
shoes 75 cents, men's $4 calf shoes, Jl 63.
at the Bee Hive trust sale, 717 Market st.»
Big Masonic Funeral.
The funeral of the late Thomas Hub
bard Caswell, who ranked as the highest
Mason in the world,' will be held Sunday.
November 18. at 2 p. m., from the First
Congregational Church, corner ,of Post
and Mason Streets. California Lodge No.
1 will have charge' of the affair ior Ne
vada I>odge No. 13. of which deceased was
a life member. ! The services of the An
cient and Accepted Scottish Rlt© will be
held under the direction of San FrHncia"0
Consistory No. 1. The various Masonic
bodies will assemble at the Masonic Tem
ple at noon and the procession will pro
ceed to the church at 1:30 p. m..
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Nov. 15.—
Erasmus T. Carr, grand prior of the Su
preme Council of the Southern Jurisdic
tion Scottish Rite Masons, when notified
officially to-day of the death- of Grand
Commander Caswell, said that Congress
man J. D.' Richardson -of Tennessee would
be made the next grand commander.
W. B. Hamilton Is slated for the posi
tion of special deputy Collector of Cus
toms for the port of San Francisco. The
appointment will probably be made Im
mediately after Collector Stratton as
sumes the duties of office. The special
deputy has authority to sign for the Col
lector when the latter is absent.. The sal
ary of the office is JC600 per annum. The
position is at present filled by Stanley
Jackson. - '•
Mr. Hamilton was Senator Perkins' first
choice for Collector and among those who
called on Senator Bard and indorsed Mr.
Hamilton for Collector was Senator Strat
ton.
It is presumed ] that Senator Perkins*
wishes were consulted when Collector
Stratton slated Mr. Hamilton for the spe
cial deputyship. In due time some one
will be selected for cashier of the Custom
house, the place now held by. Mr. Hamil
ton. Residents of Alameda County who
have favorites to recommend should wait
on Senator Perkins or Collector Stratton
at tho earliest opportunity.
- M A. Smith Is no longer on ¦ duty : as
Wharfinger. His term of office expired a
vear ago. but his successor was not-ap
pointed until laFt Wednesday. Smith
gained some notoriety recently by Joining
Martin Kelly. Phil Crimmins, Sam'Ral
aey and others of the boss fraternity in
efforts to defeat J. H. Nelson, Republican
candidate for the State Senate in the
Twenty-fifth 'District. •«? . . V " .;
of Customs Reserved for
Perkins' Friend.
Office of Deputy Collector
GOOD POSITION
FOR HAMILTON
A man, supposed from letters In his
possession to be Arpad Haraszthy, son or
the well known manufacturer of a brand
of California champagne, was found
shortly alter midnight lying on the side
walk at the corner of Hyde and A^ash
ington streets by Special Office Mahnke.
Mahnke was on the car and saw the man
lying on the sidewalk. with his umbrella
opened over his' head.'".-. ; ' ,, .^
A medical student named Moron, who
was on tho car with the officer, examined
the man and claimed his pulse was still
beating. He was hurried to the Receiving
Hospital, but was dead when that place
was. reached. *
In his pockets was found a purse con
taining a small amount of coin, a receipt
on the San Francisco Transfer Company
for flve pieces of baggage, and a letter ad
dressed to Arpad Haraszthy, 528 Washing
ton street, and signed "Frencme. \ins
letter was written apparently by an inti
mate friend, and expressed hopes- for the
safe return of the recipient from AlasKa.
In another pocket a memorandum diary
cor.taining entries concerning the. owner s
trip to Capo Nome and ¦¦¦ other Alaskan
points was found. It described the trip
and the return trip. Evidently the de
ceased had arrived in this city on Wed
nesday on the steamer Kimball.buthad
not as yet received his baggage. . .
He was dressed in ia newly purchased
blue serge suit; with- overcoat to .match.
He wore a black fedora hat and a, blue
and white negligee shirt, but no.sus
penders. He was apparently as man or
about 40 years of age: his mustache and
imperial were of an intense black. Heart
disease was apparently the cause of his
death. -. His body was" removed to the
Morgue.- , - ,-, •"*• " v. .
The .residence of Arpad Haraszthy Is
given In •, the telephone directory as 614
Filbert street, but frequent calls there
last night elicited no response.
Man Supposed to Be Arpad
Harasz thy Succumbs to
Heart Disease.
FOUND DYING
ON SIDEWALK
The controversy existing between the
Board of Education and Superintendent of
Schools "Webster, over what should con
stitute the required percentage for promo
tions Cf pupils, will be partially settled by
the establishment of an ungraded class In
each of the large . primary or grammar
schools. I Chairman Mark stated yester
day that this plan had been agree upon
by the board and would be inaugurated as
soon as it was deemed necessary. It is
highly probable, Mark says, that the un
graded classes will be formed in January,
In these ungraded classes pupils will be
assigned "who Imve signally failed in one
or two subjects. Mark is of the opinion
that no pupil who gets a very low mark
ing in two subjects will succeed in re
ceiving ,the. average standing of 70 per
cent in all studies. He therefore believes
that, with possibly; a very few exceptions
the ungraded classes will be composed of
pupils who have totally failed in one sub
ject only. A pupil's average percentage
may.,be 70 for example by .receiving 80
each in spelling, grammar, penmanship
and geography and only 30 in arithmetic
In that case the pupil will be advanced to
the next highest grade in the four studies
named, but he will be obliged to become a
member of the ungraded class in the par
ticular study, arithmetic, in* which he has
failed.' '¦'-.
;¦ Mark believes that Superintendent Web
ster's j opposition to the rules for promo
tion because they do not specify a mini
mum percentage of 60 under which a pupil
may not be promoted will be done away
with by : the establishment of ungraded
classes. . By the exercise of a little appli
cation a pupil may perfect himself in the
study In which he is deficient and be pre
pared at the end of the six months to
enter the grade -to which, he was pro
moted in his other studies. .
"The board cannot agree entirely with
Mr. Webster on his minimum percentage
plan," said Mark, s "For Instance, it ap
pears to us that it would be manifestly un
fair to a pupil who has probably received
but 40 in spelling to keep him out of High
School because of that deficiency. Spell
ing is to a great extent > a , gift and it is
certain that in the -four years' term in
High i School ; the pupil's ; ability In that
study will have greatly ;. Improved. The
injustice of this would increase if the pu
pil ,r should receive. ; we will say, 100 per
cent in each n{ the other four studies,
which would; : according to our rule of
average standing, "give: him ¦• S8 per cent.
The plan of having ungraded schools is in
successful operation in Oakland and other
cities and I am sure It will succeed here.".
Pupils Deficient in Certain
Studies to Be Assigned
Thereto.
UNGRADED CLASS
IN THE SCHOOLS
R 3?t T5SV m5nary examination of Dr.
Ralph Addison Huntingdon and Dr. J D
Hill charged with the murder of Jen^
tile McKown on Saturday, October "7 was
concluded before Judgre Cabanlss yester
day morning The charge against Dr.
Hill was dismissed and Dr. Huntington
was held to answer before the Superior
Court on the charge of murder In the
tfu?u U / t esTee< hla bonds beIn & fixe <* at
JlO.OuO. He was almost immediately re
leased from custody, his sureties being
the same as on the former occasion when
Sue™ 3 released after "» Coroner's in"
When the case was called yeeterdav
morning Attorney Klournoy, for Ur Hill
called or. J. K. Laine to the 8tanu\ He
described the duties of a physician who
was called to administer an anesthetic
to a patient undergoing an operation The
physician, he said, had enough to do to
look after the patient. It was not his
duty to make a diagnosis of the case un
less called in as a consultant. He could
not watch the progress of the opera
tion.
Dr. W.F. Southard testified that it was
the practice to engage a nurse or student
to administer the anesthetic. The sur
geon who was to perform. the operation
was supposed to know tnoroughly the
condition of the patient and the adminis
tering of the anesthetic should occupy the
whole attention of the nurse or student
doing it.
District Attorney Byington raised a
storm by asking the witness: "If Dr
O Donnell were to ask you to administer
an to a patient would you
He got no further, as Attorney Flour
noy Interposed an objection that the ques
tion was irrelevant.
"It is not only irrelevant." said the
Judpe. "but it is an insult to the witness "
There was applause In court, which was
promptly suppressed.
v. ".Tho. District Attorney." said Flournoy
hotly, should be made to publicly apolo
gize for asking the witness such a qups
tion." . • ;"-?"
The Ju-Vje said he did not think any In
sult -was intended and he was backed up
by Bylnffton and the matter was dronned
Dr. Charles A. Rosenthal al«. o testified
as^to the duty of a physician adminis
tering an anesthetic, and said it would be
malpractice for him to watch the opera
tion.
This was all the evidence for the De
fendant Hill and no evidence was offered
for Huntington. Attorney Flournoy ask
ed for a dismissal of the charge araln«-t
Hill, which was onpo?e«l by the District
Attorney. Ex-Judpe Ferral also areuod
that there was nothing actually proved
against Hunt inglon beyond the suspicion
of Dr. Inland and moved for a disrni«;<?il
The Judge said that the* t«t?mSSv
against Huntington was ¦• infinitely
stronger than that against Hill and it was
strong «»nounh, in his opinion, to Justlfv
him in holding Huntinpton to answer be
fore the Superior Court on the charge of
murder in the fecond degree. H> really
felt that the testimony against Hill was
Insufficient and there was r failure of le
gal evidence to connect him with t:ie
crime or that h»» knew the true character
u.n the r A r i* r *, iior l; The char se against
Hill was dipmlpsed.
Result of the Hearing
Before Judge
Cabanias.
HOLD H UNTI NGTON
DISCHARGE HILL
The announcement that the Rev. Father
W. D. McKinnon, formerly chaplain or
the First California Rcgiraent but now of
the regular army, would deliver a lecture
before leaving again for the Philippines
was sufficient to very comfortably nil
Metropolitan Temple last nlghc. The rev
erend gentleman told of his experiences in
the tropical isles, particularly in Manila
and Honolulu, and was listened to with
earnest attention.
The lecture was divided into two par. 9.
the first being devoted to a description of
the inhabitants and customs of Hdbolulu.
the Corregldor Islands and Old Manila,
while In the second the lecturer spoke at
some length of New Manila, The lecture
was illustrated with some very beautiful
stereopticon views, which caught the
fancy of audience. These views had an
additional Interest from the fact that
they were taken in the places described
by the lecturer himself.
In opening his talk last night Father
McKinnon embraced the opportunity to
tell his audience with vhat pleasure it
is he will return to his army duties in the
"return to the field of my past
labors," he said, "with a cheerful andH
strengthened heart, deteimined to do m>
utmoft. whatever work it shall become ,
my duty to undertake. '
Father McKinnon continued speaking,
in part as follows: "The East, so far as
those islands are concerned, has suddenly
become of great Interest to the whole
world. Three years ago the people of the
United States knew but little and cared
still less about that group of j islands,
later the theater of stirring circumstances
of war, the Philippines. Now. however,
this lack of Interest has become trans
formed into an eagerness to meet with,
information about our new possessions,
which, by many capable books and maga
zine articles, has been partially met.
The lecturer then introduced his audi
ence to Honolulu, showing many views
of the harbor and surrounding country,
with a view of the Lake of Fire, which
elicited much applause from the audience.
"Too much cannot be said of the hospi
tality of the residents of Honolulu, said
the lecturer. "It is open handed, grace
ful and lavish. Honolulu Is the most hos
pitable city in the world."
"Corregidor Island was th» next placw
described, and much Interest was excited
by some excellent pictures of natives and
their huts in the palm groves. "They are
people of small Intellect " said Father
McKinnon; "the lowest, in fact in all
these islands. They live on wild game,
which they shoot in the woods of the in
terior with arrows.
-"The Archbishop was delighted to see
our soldiers enter the city." said the lec
turer "for. as he told me afterward, he
recognized that the American Government
was the one which he would desire for
the growth of our religion. -He is a'corts
ous man, deep student and able priest.
He is beloved. by his people:"
Large Audience Listens to
Interesting Talk on
the Philippines.
FATHER M'KINNGK
DELIVERS LECTURE
abounding and astonishing cast of prin
cipals that it seems possible to get • to
gether.
¦Melba— well, It has been seriously ques
tioned If the audience of Monday night —
the "Romeo and Juliet" audience — were
not the victims of some Incredible Jest on
the part of the famous diva. Frigid, In
flexible, Irresponsive as Juliet, Melba cer
tainly was, if one may believe eyes and
ears, but this pitiful, tender, lovJng, hu
man figure •which Meiba as Marguerite
gave to us last night was a revelation and
profound surprise. She was not the same
creature. Her very voice was different.
Nobly pure, exquisitely modulated and of
the utmost pearliness of tone. Melba's
voice has always been, but there was the
tender thrill, the note of almost unbear
able pathos, color, passion— all that one
may ask of musician, actress, woman.
Hall! Melba. queen of song!
"What a lovely devil," I heard my
neighbor say as Plancon strode about the
stage dominating everything by his over
whelming personality. And so say I. He
is a "lovely devil." Almost would he per-
Buade one to a return to the brimstone
imaginations of one's childhood, though
he has too much of a royal good humor to
be amply convincing in sinister sugges
tion. His voice has every desirable quality,
depth, compass, warmth, power and an
amazing flexibility. He Is eminently sat
isfying. His acting, too, was delightful.
The touch of comedy when he tucks the
little Bauermeister's (Martha) arm into
his, and fools the fatuous widow for a
passing moment, was a boon and blessing.
I feel like, the picturesque critic of the
Criterion. I should "like to herd up all
humanity within hearing" of Pol Plancon!
Saleza's Faust was a 'Signified and
graceful figure. He has a smooth, virile,
finished voice, a fine pianissimo, riellfrht
ful enunciation and he sinprs with vigor
and conviction. His Faust :a a good one.
Valentine was excellently sung by Cam
panarl, who has a pure, clean barytone
of very pleasing quality. Mr. Dufriche
did a good Wagner.
Mme. Homer, who Bang the Siebel part,
was a charming boy, but hardly to well
suited musically to the role as In her
Amnerls performance. "-¦
M. Manclnelll did hla part nobly and the
orchestra was, as usual, worth the whola
price of admission. .. . ¦
To-night Bispham and Gadski will be
heard in "The Flying Dutchman," and I
can promise a wonderful performance,
Damrosch at the desk.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
. Ladles' tailor-mada suUs, . silk . »kirti. • fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 528 Sutler.*
Dr. Wm: B6tsfprd,1170 Market St.. noti-*
flea his patients that he has returned. •
Swim at the Crystal-. Baths.
1. Recommended ; by physicians. .; Water always
dean and warm. Tub department best in city.* !
Trunks & traveling bags. * Before buying sea
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co., 138 Ellis.*
Henry Ward. Beecher said
once that "there was no higher
art than that which tended
toward the betterment of human
food/'
He would have indorsed
WHITE COTTOLENE.
It is better 'than any other
cooking fat.
f^g^jfe^i Tbe N.KJ=3lrbank Company, j
«r,| jjk Chicago-Sole Jtanuf acturers.
'feT$jS£?'W v JTIiTP* t Oar dainty booklrt,
n3S*Qr&i£t& m»ll«d trr* to »n» oddrem. For ¦
*5Bw*Mt\i!!f3 J oneaic i«ta»ip *"** vill *>**nd free our
*^SS6raft? J 1«> r*?^ r«-ipc lv»ok. -Home
}&$$$&!&&? Help*,* edited by Zi-t. llorer.
'*--¦'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
2 lbs tj
Best I f^
Granulated H IL j
Sugar m
COLONIAL TEA CO.'S
Famous Combination Sale
2 DAYS ONLY
Rem« Cotnftl-
BATURDAT. Nor. 17. lar nation
MONDAY. Nov. 19th. Prtc». Prlc«
t lbs Best Granulated Sugar * .15 le
1-rb. pks\ Corn Starch : 10 Se
1 lb. Fancy Head Rice W lc
lfr-o*. Cake Soap OS lc
1 lb Mocha or Java Coffee 40 35c
2-lb cks. Breakfast Delight 10 2e
1 Can Corn 1» Hts
H-lb Can Mustard .25 12e
6-lb Sack Liverpool Salt 10 2e
H lb Tea. your choice any kind.. .45 30e
1 Bottle Lemon or Vanilla extract .IS He
S1.95 *1.O<»
Remember You. Pay
$1.00 for $1.95 Worth of
BEST GROCERIES
Saturday and Monday Only
colonialTtea co.,
No. 7 SIXTH STREET,
I doors below Market.
Potrero Afrent-F. w. MATTFELDT. Ken-
tuoky and Twenty-second streets.
SPECIAL SALL
Upholstered
Furniture.
25 Per Cent
Discount.
Parlor Salts, Odd Chairs,
Morris Chairs, Rockers, etc.
CHAS.M.PLDBSCO.
RHEUMATISM
bunt
• "When Prof. Munyon says his RHECMATISM
CURE will cure rheumatism there Isn't any
guesswork about it— there lsn"t any false aUt*'
ment about it. It simply cures. It does ;>ist ex-
actly what he says It will do. It cures more
quickly than people expect. It cures without
leaving any 111 effects. It is a splendid stom-
ach and nerve tonic, as well as a positive euro
tor rheumatism.
All the Munyon remedies are Just as reliable
Any druggist ?5c vial. The Guide to Health Is
free, so ts medical advice if you write to Broad,
way and 26tn st.. New York.
DR.MCNULTY."
OtoSdaily ;8:30to8.30ev 1 Ks. Hunday* 10 tol-» /in-J,?*
t»Uonfreea 0 dsacredlyc 0 nflden1S:caS^£ > < &
P. ROSCOE MpMLTY II D
8«K Keumy St., si* Fra«d5£cel.
SPEGSAL
OFFERINGS.
tFur Collarettes
end Jackets.
A choice lot of
lat«>et styles in
FUR COLLAR-
ETTES, made of
£> plain and comb'.-
t-v' -J nation furs, with »
d%d silk linlne. good
;?£.¦.,=», value- for $7.00.
A , \ Syl [ \ SPECIALLY
\ \y /-« r* \ priced—
M> 'f $450.
f f-1 _ I i GENUINE AS-
/ ¦"¦¦*' • " f trakan fur i
I COLLARETTES, \
jL^___ ,'rf with bear trim- *
i fmm sb.50.
CHHCA SEAL and GRAT KRKVI-
MER FUR COLLARETTES.
SPECIAL VALUE-
$7.50
3 ELECTRIC SEAL FUR JACK-
ETS. SPECIAL VALUE—
_ $35.00
AUTO COATS.
3-4 length AUTO COATS, mado
of finest all-wool kerseye. . elegant
*llk lining-, richest tailor finish, tani
and blacks; all special values and
SPECIALLT PRICED—
527.50 to S55.00
* CHILDREN'S AUTO COATS. In
fine all-wool tan kersey?, ages 6 to
14 years. PRICES—
$6.00 to $12,50
RAINT-DAT SKIRTS, of all-
wool plaid back Oxfords and fln<»
homeFpuns. properly made.
EXTRA VALUE&-
I $500 to $10.00
GOOD OXFORD GRAT CLOTH
RA INT-DAY SKIRTS, a $5 valu- '
SPECIAL FOR-
I ___ S3.00
Kelly & Liebss'
Cloak and Suit House,
I 120 Kearny St.
AD V ¦LKTISZM'EUTS.