PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN iFRA^CISCO,; WEDNESDAY, 5, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXIX-KO. 5.
Says Curses and Abuses Are Heaped by the
Father Upon Their Daughter and the
Child in Consequence Is New IU at Home.
Charges Her Husband .With Drunkenness
and Cruelty and Guilty Association With
Another Woman He Calls His Ideal.
TWICE WEDDED WIFE
MRS. DE LA MONTANYA
AGAIN SEEKS DIVORCE
Continued on Page 4.
SITPERrNTKKri>ENT ; S STORY.
Trusted" Employe's Dereliction May
Have Caused the Disaster.
-. OAKIiAND, 'Dec f 4. '— Superintendent
Agler " to-day gave the following account
of the .wreck: / .. .' \
"/The accident wasoccasloned by freight
train-No. : 201, : west, bound,' running Into a
work train .between* the stations of Van
dent: and Cannon. Vanden ¦ is about five
miles beyond Suisun. .Thewreck occurred
this- morning i about 7:49, o'clock.' ' I do "riot
know/ what ; v ,the,^ work : train' was . doing
where It 'was* at; the, time. •.••It .was 'not at
a siding. It . was on the main.' line. ;. The
freight strain had.a.riorhtito be '..'where > it
was at the time of the accident. -A trust
ed man who ; had .worked some - time ; for
end of the train.. The very tnd . car was
the cabooBe, while the one next to it was
used by. the cook, aiChlnese.
. "I was ¦ In the second bunker," said
Glynn. "There were "eight or ten others
in ' th« car. The • first we knew of any
troubie was a terrific crash and then all
of us were piled on top of one another, ait
the front end: of the car. EJollowlng. this
came a lot of splintered wood and 'other
debris. Our car had been partially-tel
escoped. ' Nobody, was killed in our bunker)
but in the next one to us several lost their
lives. There'' were a few men, I under
stand, riding on; top of the Cars and. they
escaped by Jumping when they saw the
freight 'coming." . •
Glynn received a bad injury to his hip. '.
-: James." Davis of ?Hott avenue, this city, 1
was also In the, fourth car from the. rear.
He .."was- sitting down at , the* .time ,6t .. the
crash. All' the men were thrown on top
THE DEAD.
J. Blummer.
H. Kerohan.
Ed McGovsrn.
John Hughes.
J. Ahern.
B.. M. Mahoney.
P. Maloney.
THE INJURED.
. PATRICK .FERGUS . POTTS, frac
ture of right 1*>e; also fracture of left
arm;' plight burn of face/ ¦¦¦ ¦¦ '-.
THOMAS GLENN, contusion" of left
SToln and svneral bruises.,
JOHN DALT. fracture of right rib«
an<l lacerated scalp.-
JAMKS DAVIS, fracture of thiyh and
left 1*e. ¦
SUN TUCK. Chinese cook, general
contusion. . , , .
A. SMITH, fractured collarbone.
ARTHUIt CARR, fractured' ribs on
rlrht side ; face lacerated. * . -
.A. WALKEJR. contusion of back."' ,' \
P. C. QUINL.AN. scalp ¦' wound and
abrasions of face. -
GEORGE BROWN, contusion of
back. ¦• -
JAMT5S McDOUGAU laceration over
eye arid contusion of right 'knee. .
F. THOMA8, eevere contusion of
fate. ' ; . J '.
.* F*. ¦ CAMPBELiLi. lacerated wound
right forehead. *
AH SING, face cut and'generil ehak
ins up.
JOSE3 REALEK. contusions of face
and rirht, shoulder. .
J. KEL.LIHER, severe crush left
thigh and ; leg; severe scalp wound;
will die.
FRANK EKART. general bruises.
H. LANDERS., fractured ribs and
contusions. {-¦ \ ;
WILLIAM SALLON. fracture of the
left collarbone. .
JOHN CUFFT. contusion of back.
JOHN CALLAHAN, . compound frac
ture of the left tibia and' fibula. •
tor Steele stood on the front platform
of the first car keeping a sharp lookout,
which would indicate that he thought - he
was taking desperate chances. The
weather was very foggy and it was im
possible to see a great distance ahead:-
When passing through a shallow cut
just before coming to a short bend in the
track above Vandon station, Conductor
Steele paw the freight train coming at
.full ppeed down the track. He signaled
down br^fkfs and with several other of the
working crew jumped from the train.
The engineer of the freight also saw that
there would be a collision and after re
versing his engine and applying the. air
he and his fireman Jumped to the ground.
Scarcely had those who jumped -regained
their feet and got out of the way before
the two trains crashed together.
The work train was running at a speed
of about twenty, miles an" hour and the
j freight about ihirty-five. The force of
j the. impact was terrible. The engine of
the freight train struck the .dining-car of
the work train and smashed U into splin
ters. The three. fleeping-cars of the work
train were telescoped and piled- off to
one side of thV track. The freight en
gine finally came to a stop whe'n it
reached the caboose, which was next -to
the locomotive of the work train.
The freight train, in charge . of Con
ductor Plane, was three hours late. It is
already evident that neither he nor other
members of the freight train crew is rer
sponsible for the collision. The fault,
railroad officials say, lies with some mem
ber of the other crew. It is apparent that
the work train was trying to reach Can
non station before the Sacramento local,
i due at Suigun at 8:30, should reach that
place. The wreck occurred at 7:40 a, m.,
but news of it did not reach the San Fran
cisco offices until 9 o'clock.
The special train bearing the Injured ar
rived at Oakland at 1:20 o'clock yesterday
afternoon. Dr. Downing of Suisun and
Dr. Rickey of Port Costa were aboard
the train and rendered invaluable service
to thoee most seriously Injured. At the
Oakland mole Drs. D. W. Ogden and H.
E. Anderson of the Southern Pacific Hos
pital were in waiting with four ambu
lances and as many hacks. Conductor
Steele was in charge of the special. It
was made up of a caboose, a bunkcar and
a boxc8r. and the train made ihe run from
the scene of the accident to Oakland, mole
in one hour and fifty-five minutes.
The men injured were . quickly ! placed
In the conveyances and then the ferry
boat Berkeley brought them to this. city.
Drs. Olmstead and Meggs of Oakland
came over with the other physicians. In
this city some of the injured were placed
In a. special car and taken direct to the
hospital via Market and Mission streets!
Upon arrival at the hospital that Insti
tution's full corps of nurses and physi
cians took charge or the injured.
Thomas Glynn of Wisconsin- who ' has
been working for the company about a
month, said most of the men who were'
hurt were seated in the, two bunke'ars,
which were third and fourth from the
of. each other in. the- midst of splintered
boards. Davis has two children'in the old
country. HIb wife is dead. -He received
a bad scalp wound and severe injuries to
Ms rlRht leg. '
B. -M. Mahoney, one of the section men
injured in the wreck, d Jed while on the
relief train to San Frfcncisco. His body
was removed to the Oakland Morgue.
His identification was had from a memo
randum he had made in a notebook short
ly before his death. ' It read, "My name is
B. M. Mahoney, Klethville, 111.; Dec. 4,
in/ wreck." The name of Robert Thomp
son, Kiethvllle, 111., also appeared in
the memorandum. - The deceased laborer
was about 50 years old. He' had gone to
work for his first day on the railroad
when he was caught in, the .wreck. ¦, Ma
honey was badly crushed about the .legs;
the shock; and hemorrhage caused, death.
Railroad men who visited the Morgue
could give no further information about
the man. . . ¦
Some miraculous escapes are reported.
B. Roland, the foreman of the work train,
was In the dining car when . he sa w the
impending danger. He rushed out of the
car and jumped to the ground. The stew
ard and the two Chinese cooks were fol
lowing him, but they. were caught before
they; could escstpe from the car and re
ceived injuries ' which may , prove fatal.
Three of, the men ¦ were lying In a .bunk
In one of .the sleeping-cars., The one In
the center' escaped with a few slight
bruises,' but his comrades received injur
ies from .which they . will . probably die. . I
Ed McGovern, one of the killed; Was In
the recent wreck on the "¦ Owl train near
Antfoch. He escaped from that uninjured,
only . to* meet a horrible death In . the
wreck yesterday morning.
McGovern and Ahern were from Stock
ton. Kerohan was from Michigan. Noth
ing is known of* Hughes arid Blummer*
the other- two of the five men. who were
killed outright.
Several men • among the wounded will
not recover. J. Kelleher • received a frac-.
ture of the . skull and his left thigh" is
crushed. The surgeons say there is no
chance for him. John Daly fa among the
most severely injured, being bruised from
head to foot. He has ( a^leg and, several
ribs broken and . apparently- his spine Is
injured.
.... . -.-- ¦ ¦ '.-•••' ¦¦•¦¦ --<•'•• ••¦¦•- : - - .: • \ . ¦ ¦ -.- . , •
SCENES AT THE WRECK ON THE r SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILWAY NEAR SUISUN. THE COLLISION BE
TWEEN THE REGULAR FREIGHT , AND' -A WORK TRAIN OCCURRED IN A HEAVY FOG, AND WAS
CAUSED BY DISOBEDIENCE OF ORDERS, i '¦'>;¦
fcred through It much more than the
child."
Mrs. de la Montanya Is all alone in fcrr
trouble. Other members of her fam!!y
are in Europe and she has do one near
or dear to her to go to for comfort or
advice. - v f ¦'-
"I am so alone and need sympathy so
much," she said. "Treat me kindly."
The story contained in the divorce com
plaint which was filed late yesterday af
ternoon is more prosaic and likewise more
detailed than that told by Mrs. de !i
Montanya. "On May 7. 1808." she says, "I
married my huaband (this being the dai»
of their second marriage) at Napa in till*
State. Since that time he has been gulliy
of habitual intemperance to such a degrs-e
that . longer life With him as his^wtfe la
impossible. ' In March of 1SD9. when in a
passion, he struck me in the, face, which.
In addition to the physical suffering tbj
blow caused, greatly humiliated and
shocked me.
"To make my humiliation tho more
keen he constantly told me that he waa
In love with a woman-ihe most beautiful
woman in all San Francisco, for whose
affections all the wealthy men. In town
were vying. but without chance of suc
cess, for he had won her. In September
of 1890 he told me that he wan geing t<>
China. He left the city and I did noi
hear from him again for some weeks, tho.i
he was In London, England. He wrote me
asking if everything was all right and if
arrangements had been completed. E;.'
this he referred to the possible institution
of divorce proceedings by me, to which ha
did not seem opposed.
"He promised to allow me $300 a month
during his absence. He said he would set'd
me $300 on the first of every month and
$200 on the 13th thereof. He did not kee;>
his word, however, and I received no
financial assistance from him. I belleva
that ha has been guilty of frequent vio
lation of bis marriage vows and his own
statements add evidence to the probable
fact."
. In conclusion Mrs. de la Montanya
states that her husband is worth U00.00O
and hence. If he had the inclination, he
was able to keep his agreement to supply
her with funds. In addition to a decrco
of absolute divorce on the grounds named
Mrs. de la Montanya demands the cus
tody of her minor children — Lorraine S.
and Jacques de la Montanya. She a!.'o
prays for Judgment against him for ali
mony In the sum of J730 a month, which
sum. she says, Is none too large for tho
maintenance , of her homo in accordance
with her station In life, Mrs. de la Mon
tanya Is . represented by the law firm of
Rodgers, Pater son & Slack.
¦In 1§33, immediately after Mr. de la
Montanya's return from a trip to Europe,
the couple separated, the husband taking
the two children and returning to Paris,
where- he became domiciled as a French
citizen under the French law. Mrs. de la
Montanya brought suit for divorce and
for the custody of the children. The
claim was set up with regard to the chil
dren that the husband had left the State
to escape the Jurisdiction of -the Califor
nia, courts." She also brought a suit sep
arate from the divorce proceedings to re
cover the custody of the children. The
case was heard and judgment was ren
dered by default. Dorn & Dorn then ap
peared for the defendant, and not com-
MRS. LORRAINE WRIGHT DE
LA MOXTANYA once again
wants to be legally rid of the
Donds that bind her to James de
la Montanya, the father of her
two children and the man whom she
promised upen two different occasions to
love and honor and obey.
' The complaint in the action for a di
vorce was filed yesterday afternoon in the
office of the County Clerk, and therein
the young wife alleges intemperance, cru
elty and infidelity as the grcunds upon
which she bases her right to once again
be free.'
Several years ago, after the De la Mon
taryas had been permitted by the court
to go their several ways, they furnished
their friends with any amount of sensa
tional gossip. This time the sensation
v/ill not be missing, but it will be. of a
totally different order and will come be
fore the twice-forced matrimonial bonds
are broken. A blonde lady will play the
star role in the case. She figures pro
saicly in the complaint as "Jane Doe,"
but according to De la Montanya, as
quoted by his wife, "She Is the most beau
tiful woman in' San Francisco."
Way out en Point Lobos avenue Mrs. de
la Montanya lives with her two children.
Her little daughter Lorraine. 12 years old,
the first bom of the unhappy marriage, is_
very ill and her mother is nursing her.
"This is dreadful," said Mrs. de la
Montanya last night, "this awful notor
iety. And I have been' through It once
before. When I remarried Jtm In 1S98
I did so because I though it was the best
thing I could do for my children's sake.
Now that; I ask for a divorce once more.
It is again the love I bear for my chil
dren that prompts me to act as I do. I
bear no hard feelings toward Jim. ' I
think ha Is more to be pitied than
blamed."
Upon no conditions will Mrs. de la Mon
tanya reveal the name of -the woman
who, her *husbahd told her, was the
most beautiful woman in San Francisco.
"It would not be fair," said the suffer
ing . mother. "Jim never told me her
name, but, of course, I know It. I shall
never reveal it, however, unless I am
forced to do It In court. Jim. was the first
to speak to me of her.
" 'I am In love,' he said one day to me,
'with the most beautiful woman in San
Francisco. All the men of wealth of this
city are groveling in despair at her feet.
But It is no use. I have won her.' Tell
me her name,' I cried. . 'No.* said- my
husband, 'her name is" too sacred to men
tion in. this house.' "
If Mrs. de la Montanya will not tell the
name of the woman that has the million
aires groveling she is not, averse 'to giving
a description of her. She is a tall perox
ide blonde and previous to meeting De
la Montanya she enjoyed the friendship
of • a prominent clubman. She Is about
tweBty-five or twenty-six . and may be a
Frenchwoman;- at any rate she has a
French name. Further, this Is . not her
first scandal.
Of. all the tales of cruelty. the wife tells
none are more pitiful than the father's
habitual 'abuse of their little daughter.
' "His" abuse of, Lorraine was constant."
said Mrs. de la Montanya. "He applied
opprobrious names to her and in every
way made her suffer. This treatment of
our! daughter began immediately after
our "remarriage. It was the most' cruel
thing I was forced to endure and I suf-
MRS. JAMES DE LA MONTANYA, \VHO WAS, DIVORCED FROM. HER
HUSBAND.. REMARRIED HIM AND HAS AGAIN FILED AN ACTION
FOR SEPARATION. " ..C^T.
SKVKN rr.fn were kill«*d and snore J
than a sforr barMy injured yester- ¦
day morninj noar Cannon Sta- i
tion. Solano County, when west- j
bound fr»!ghi tra'n No. 201 of the j
Southern Pacilic Railroad Con- j
pany crashed into the rear end of a con- i
Btruction train carrying forty laborers.
Somebody blundprrd. Signals were j
*-ltr.er noi displayed or were uss^n or j
rr.i«ta\c*>n in the dente fog and death
reaped a bloody harvest. A turve. a deep
cut and a heavy fog combim-d to hide the
approaching trains from each other Tim!!
almost the moment of the crash.
The work train was backing up, try!n«
to roae« Cannon Station, when suddenly
th*» engine cf No. CJ1 loom"d up before the
laborers a;:d crew of the work train. No. \
201. west bnund. was running at a f»peed ]
Ot about thirty-five mflee an hour. Ti:e j
collision wrpfked a dining- car at the rear j
rt th<« work train and three cars fitted up j
«.« B.wpers for the laborers. The *>nR-!ie
of Xo. 3U was thrown from the track-,
f fter plowing Its way through the four
rars named and stopping only when the
next to the engine of the work
rain, was reached, and lay on its side
t «31y wrecked.
few of the thirty-five men in the sleep-
Ing cars of the work train escaped in-
Jury. Five were killed outright, one died j
bef ore he could be got to San Francisco
and the seventh passed away In the rail
road hospital In this city. Several of the
wounded will undoubtedly die of their in
juries.
The. list of the dead is as follows: J.
Blummer, H. Kerohan, Edward McGov
ern, John Hughes, J. Ahern, B. M. Ma
boney and B. Maloney.
The five men first named were killed
outright and their bodies are now at the
Morgue at Suisun. B. M. Mahoney died
or. the way to San Francisco and B. Ma
loney at the hospital.
The engineer and fireman of the freight
train escaped Injury. They saved their
lives by jumping before the engine left
the track and toppled over on its tide.
The crew of the work train ,also escaped
uninjured, though little but wreckage was
left of the train.
The scene after the wreck was a: har
rowing one. The forty laborers of the
work train were thrown into the midst of
the wreckage of the cars and even those
who were unhurt extricated themselves
¦with difficulty from the s-plintered wood
and twisted iron. The injured, pome help
less from their injuries and others pinned
down In the wreckage, fhouted for help
end ehrieked in pain. Some of the dead
were terribly mangled and the windrow
cf wreckage was alive with the writhing
forms of the injured.
The fourteen uninjured laborers and tlie
two crews hastened to the aid of the
wounded. Their labor was fraught with
the greatest difficulties and much time
was consumed In getting the Injured clear
of the demolished cars.
An overturned stove set fir* to the
debris and promised to consume the un
fortunates who were entangled in the
wreck. Those who were on the outside
could not get to the fire, but they
brought buckets of water and passed
them in to some of those least Injured and
the flames were put out.
The engine and caboose of the work
train were dispatched to Suisun for as-
Mstance- A special trsdn was made up
there and with the physicians of the ttjwn
and a large number of volunteers it re
turned to the scene of the disaster. Help
was also secured from Vacaviile. Tho
wounded to the cumber of nineteen were
placed aboard the special train and with
the »urg<-ons and their assistants were
brought to the railroad hospital In San
Francisco. The dead were taken to Sui
*un l»ter In the dav and Coroner J. J.
McDonald was arranging last evening for
the inquest, which will be held to-day.
Wrecking trains' .arrived from Sacramento
hid Oakland and the track was cleared
for traffic about 4:30 o'clock In the after
noon.
The work train had been stationed at
Sui*un for some time, engaged In making
repairs and Improvements along the line
between that place and Davisville. It left
Bulsun yesterday morning In charge of j
'"onductor Steele and was running under i
?*<jrking orders, It being the conductors
/mention to make the siding at Cannon
station and let freight train No. 201. which
van three hours -late. pass. Ti*e work
iraln was running backward and Conduc-
the company was doing the flagging. He
was., instructed to pay especial attention
to that work train at 7 o'clock this morn
ing and to look after it until 7 o'clock
this evening. What he did I have no
means yet of knowing. The morning was
quite foggy and .it may be that the en
gineer of the freight train ran pas£ thos*
signals, but of that I cannot' 4 speak until
after .an investigation, which will be held
to-morrow and which I have now or
dered. . s
"The ff eight train must have* been mak
ing about twenty or twenty-five miles an
hour. . It was drawn by encine'No. 1i53Q
and the engine was in control of Engineer
Vuzzo. The train w"as in charge of Con
ductor. Plane. The work train was behind
engine Xo. 1722. The engine was driven by
Engineer Tracey and the train was In
charge of Conductor Steele. The freight
train-had several cars badly -broken and
the e.ngine Is lying on Its side. The work
train had several platform cars destroyed.
The engine was not damaged. /"-.
"J do not know yet who was the man
who was sent out to do the flagging. That
Information will come later.
"The loss to the property of the com
pany will not be ' great. The wreck, as
nearly as I can understand, took place
about 7:40 o'clock this morning. I have
not yet learned.of any orders which may
have been/ Issued in The case. It would
seem as if the work train was at fault,
but I cannot, as I have said, speak posi
tively on that subject. I am sorry, very
sorry, that this accident nas taken place. '
BLAMES CONDUCTOR STEELE.
General^Manager Kruttschnitt Says
His Course Was Inexcusable.
The first news »f the wreck 'reached' the
local offices of the Southern, Pacific at 9
o'clock yesterday morning. The tele
gram, which was dated Klmlra,. stated
that a work train, with a large force em
ployed in picking up ties, had backed into
regular freight train No. 201 between Van
den and Cannon, killing: five men and in
juring nineteen.
, The work train, according to the mes-
I uage, had orders to go on at 7 a. m. and
'.to. protect Itself agalnst*B.ll trains. At El
! mira Conductor Steele asked the location
of the "regular freight. No. 201. which was
overdue. lie got his information, but
evidently overlooked It, as he was- back-
Ing up against" No. 201 in a fog when the
crash came. The telegram further stated
that, from all appearances the blame
rested wjth Conductor Steele.
Orders were at once issued by General
Manager Kruttschnitt to have the injured
brought to this city on a special train,
whiph was made up at Elmira. A wreck
crew was also hurriedly sent out. ' There
was more debris to be cleared than was
at first supposed and no more trains were
able to get over the line during the day.
The regular train service was tem-
I porarily interfered with, it being neces
sary to send all trains around by way of
Stockton.
In the absence, of Manager Fillmore,
who Is in the East, all the information
which the company received about the
wreck went to General Manager Krutt
schnitt and Mr. Richardson, who gave out
such orders as they thought best. Mr.
Kruttschnitt made the following state
ment concerning: the cause of the acci
dent: .
"The Information which we have at
hand indicates very clearly that the acci
dent was the result of pure carelessness
or negligence on the part of those in
charge of the work train. Conductor
Steeie knew < well his business.. That is
apparent from the, fact that he made in
quiries concerning the regular freight at
the station In .¦Elmira. He got the in
formation he sought, but evidently' failed
to act properly upon it. j
"Instead of holding his train at a proper
point until the regular freight had passed
he gave orders to back. His action seems
all the, more Inexcusable since there was
a heavy fog at the time and it was impos
sible to see but a few feet ahead. Conse
quently the regular freight had absolutely
no warning until it was upon the work
train. "I cannot account for Steele' s ac
tions. He must have known the fearful
chances he was taking, j There was noth
ing defective about eltlier of the. two
trains or the track that could have caused
the accident." . r -
Mr. -Kruttschnitt added that It was the
worst wreck the company had experienced
in this vicinity in a long time. Work oni
clearing away the debris will be pushed
with all possible speed, ¦ and . It is hoped
to' have the line in shape for regular traffic
again to-day. : ¦•' _ ,
STORIES TOLD BY SURVIVORS.
Had No Warning of Impending Dan-
" t ger Until the * Crash Came.
OAKLAND. Dec. 4.— Charles Steele, the
conductor of the work train which was
run into, is a resident of this city. He
aided, in getting the injured men out of
the, wreck and in transferring them to the
waiting ambulance at the mole, .
. "We were run Into by freight train No.
201> shortly after 7 'o'clock thi3 morning,"
said he. "The shock was great, but I was
not thrown down or injured. None of the
train crew "were hurt. I can't tell how the
acc'dent occurred.' I \ will not - say. any
thing about : any/ordera. ; A man had been
sent -out. to signal approaching trains on
the end of ..the ! train from which the
freight came. , "Who : was the man sent out
to- do! the 'flagging? I don't know his
name. ~ ; It was' the first trip he had made
with; me."' . :
-Engineer Harry Tracey of . the work
train-' gives the! following account' of the
wreck:' . V-.
'"* "We were moving slowly toward Suisun.
Continued on Page 3.
Regular Freight Crashes Into a Work Train Running Ahead of Schedule Time Dur
ing a Heavy Fog on the Line of the Southern Pacific Betv/een Elmira and Suisun.
Some One Willfully Disobeys the Dispatcher's Orders aricl^he Result Is a .Wreck At
tended by Heavy Loss of Life and the Maiming of More Than a Score of Persons.
COLLISION DUE TO GROSS CARELESSNESS
COSTS THE LIVES OF SEVEN RAILWAY MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.sion, $1,929,976; Gatunclllo diversion, $100, •,
?°^ : , Pa ? ama railroad diversion, $1,267,500;
total, $118,618,816; engineering, police, sani
tation and general contingencies, $23,723,
.63; aggregate, $142,342,579.
...,V!!? estimate is capable of reduction to
$115,941,215 if single locks and a narrow
bottom are adopted. An alternative esti
mate is submitted, based on having tfie
Alhajuela dam bullt'to impound the wat-
f rs »,elio2r'/ lver Chagres.,. This estimate
Is $156,o<8, 258.
Th'e commission reports that the value
of the French work already done Is esti
mated at $33,934,463. :
% It is estimated that the tonnage that
would use the canal will amount to 7,030,
027 tons in 1909.
The Commercial Advantages.
Referring to the commercial advantages
of an Isthmian waterway, the report says:
Ab compared with Europe, the United States
will derive from the canal for greater . bene
fits, both commercially and Industrially. The
commerce of Kurope. with the Pacific Coatt
of North, Central ai»d South America, under
existing conditions, - Is somewhat larger - than
the total volume of the present trafnc of the
United States that may be considered tributary
to the canal; but thla fact does not indicate
the relative advantages which the -canal will
possess for | the trade of Europe and that of
the United States. As soon as ¦ It has been
opened our trade with the we«t coast of South
America will rapidly increase, - as will aleo
the volume of our. trade, with the Orient. The
amount of the American commerce through- the
canal will quickly surpass . the total amount
of European traffic. -,--.-/ - - .
An isthmian canal • will strengthen the unity
of the national and political interests of the
Lnited States, develop: its Pacific territory
and , promote the commerce and Industries of
the entire country.; The benefits which Kurope
wlil derive from the canal .will be commercial.
In addition- to this outs -will be- political and
Industrial. By bringing the eastern and west
ern sections of our . country into closer rela
tions, by reducing the; time and. cost of trans
porting our Western products to Europe,, and
by enabling the Eastern, Southern and Central
Stat*< to reach the i raw 'materials- and mar
kets of Pacific countries cheaply' and expedl
tiously, the canal will more fully Identify
political and social- interests -and quicken the
industrial activity of 'every, section, of the
United States. The iron and steel, the - tex
tiles and the • other : manufactures of Eastern
and Seuthern States, the.coalfrom the mining
regions, the cotton from -the.; South and' the
grain and forest products from < many sections
will flow out to foreign coflntrtes in' an' in
creasing volume, and this larger, trade will be
shared generally by the ports of all of our sea
board«-rthe Atlantic;.. the Gulf 'and the* Pacific
The canal, will at once cause the. competition
of the United States with'EuroDeinthe coun
tries of Western South America and. the Orient
to be much keener, iyith i the I result that I the
trade of our country will increase more rapidlv
t^ n^ wU iT t ? at^ °i our '^vals. The, canal will
aid the United States , in securing and main
taining a position ) : of primacy in the Inter
national trade Of the World, v - ¦; : lne ; Hter
I Careful Comparison., %
The commission concludes* with a care
ful' comparison . of - the -Nicaragua and
Panama routes. .It, shows that distances
between-Atlantic and Pacific "ports are
shorter by the Nicaragua than by the
Panama route. This Is in, part offset by
the increased time In getting, through the
Nicaragua canal. • The latter route Is re-
Stops tbVCoueh
u2?ni^°T?M°? th * CoId - L««a«v« Bromo-
Carries Big Appropriations.
-WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.-The Commit
tee on Appropriations of the House to
day completed the legislative, executive
and judicial bill. .The commit expects
« nt }aw.' .The whole humber of salar?^
120 over that carried in the present law.
Nominated by the President
' WASHINGTON.. Dec. 4._The President
to-day sent to the Senate a large nrnnw
of nominations. Among them were wn
States District Judge for the Fa "t^
?oA trI f Ct Ts: 0f Arkansas; William H^hn"
sort of New Jersey, to be First \i~ \-l™l
Postmaster General.
that the rebate, which. is now 15 cent* >
barrel, shall be increased. Another n~or£
osition is to abolish the rebate and m' a t
the tax $1 50 a. barrel. The general ?nin
on among. members of the Committee is*
that an agreement, will finally be reach ph
reducing the amount of the tax icfualtv
laid about 25 cents a barrel. Politfn^i
considerations are responsib le - for thti
change of front on the part of* the coS*
WASHINGTON, Dec.
Babcock's ,' appointment as a- member Lof
the House Committee on Ways and Means
and the active Interest : taken by Speaker
Henderson In advocacy of 'the reduction
of * the .beer tax' has • completely ; disar
ranged the programme of the Republican
members of the committee. > Mr. 'Babcock,
who is the recognized champion of oppo
nents of* 1 a high beer tax, met with the
committee to-day for the first time. Rep
resentative H6pkins of Illinois \is . still
standing out against any cut in the beer
tax, but it Is understood • he Is almost
alone and- that, practically the only ques
tion in. the committee is how, much it shall
be. One proposition is that the tax shall
still be left nominally at $2 a barrel, but
lican Committeemen.
Change in Programme of the Repub-
WILL REDUCE BEER TAX.
can - members of . the Ways and Means
Committee had another meeting to-day to
consider the bill for the reduction of the
war revenue taxes, but no important con
clusions were reached. There is some
talk in' the committee- of- increasing the
reduction over the $30,000,000 at first agreed
upon and there' appears to be a prospect
that some increases over the original fig
ures will be made, but« no definite action
haB yet been taken.' The Republicans
probably 'will hold several other ¦ meetings
before final action Is taken and a caucus
of the Republicans may be held.
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 4.— The re
port of the Isthmian Canal
Coramif-slon, submitted by the
President to Congress to-day,
Fives z» the unanimous con
clusion of that body that "the most prac
ticable and feasible route for an isthmian
canal under the control, management and
ownership of the United States Is that
known as the Nicaraguan route."
The commission estimates the cost of
this route at $200,540,000. This estimate is
much in excess of any heretofore made,
and is due to increased dimensions and
other features not heretofore considered.
The commission estimates the cost of a
canal by the Panama route at $142,342,579
according to one route, or $156,375,258 ac
cording to another route. As between the
Nicaragua ard Panama routes the com
misFion sums up a number of advantages
favorable to the former. J It states aiso
that under the concessions given by the
Government of Colombia to the Panama
Canal Company that Government is not
freo to grant the necessary rights to the
United States except upon conditions
mc.de by the company.
The report is a document of about 17,000
words, almost as long as the President's
message. Although the work of the com
mission is not yet completed, many of the
field parties still being out, yet it has
been sufficiently advised to make it prac
ucaDle to present this preliminary report,
giving the^essential nnaings.
A tnorough investigation has been made
not only of the Nicaragua and Panama
routes but of other possible routes, the
commission keeping in mind the indus
trial, commercial and military value of an
tnteroceanic canal, and also the privileges
and franchises necessary to be secured
tor the construction of a canal under the
control, management and ownership of
the United States. In all eleven wonting
parties were organized and sent into the
Held, making a force of about 220 engi
neers and assistants, besides apout bOO
laborers, boatmen and other workmen em
ployed in the various countries, a total of
more than 800. Meanwhile the members
of the commission personally conducted
various branches of the work. One party
went to Paris, where they examined the
details of the Panama canal project, now
fceing executed by the French company.
Over the Several Routes.
A detailed description is given of the
trip over the several routes. Along the
Xicaraguan route it was found that the
short section of , partially constructed
canal Is perhaps In as good chape to-day
as it was when the work was stopped.
'Ihe buildings, however, are all rotten* and
the dredges, boats, etc., are worthless.
The commission visited President Zelaya
and other officials of Nicaragua and found
them greatly interested in the project.
The occupation of their territory by the
United States for canal purposes did not
seem to be regarded as a serious obstacle,
provided the sovereignty of the republic
was respected.- Along the Panama route
the commission found a large force of
workmen . engaged upon the canal line,
about 2000 in number, according to the
Panama Company. The canal had been
opened to some extent at both ends. Im
mense quantities of machinery, imple
ments and tools were- found along the
route. Much of this property, the com
mission reports, is ill adapted to American
methods of work, and all of it is now from
thirteen to twenty years old, so that no
value should be given to the plant now on
the isthmus.
A visit was also made to President Igle
eias of Costa Rica and his Cabinet and
a strong sentiment was found to exist for
an American canal along the Nicaragua
route. Reports are made along the Darien
route. ;
After going over the several routes the
commission considered the dimensions of
the canal to be built. Having in mind
the increasing size of ocean-going vessels
it was determined to fix upon a depth of
thirty-five feet at mean low 'water and
a bottom width of 1E»O f/et, with some in
crease of dimensions at certain points.
These dimensions are larger than tho?e
proposed for any ,prevlous canal scheme.
While they seem excessive to-day the
commission says that the canal Is not
likely to be opened within ten years, dur
ing which time the increase in maritime
dimensions is likely to continue. A width
of liX) feet will allow all but the very
largest ships to pass In the canal, while
it is to be a long and strenuous conflict.
Each nation Is seeking the advantage of
its rivals In this conflict and is pressing
forward to gain that advantage. Most of
the foreign nations are looking for com
mercial advantages in the East. Russia,
France, Greai Britain. Italy and' Ger
many are paying an aggregate of $5,000,000
per year in subsidies -for the carrying
ships of. the Eastern trade."
He pointed out that under, present
conditions it costs the United States from
40 to 80 per cent more, principally in wages
and food, to operate its ships than it costs
Great Britain, and about 80 per cent more
than it costs Norway, and that the United
States- is forced to compete under such
a handicap with the encouraged and pro
tected ships of foreign countries.
Frye discussed at some length the ques
tion of export bounties and discriminating
duties, maintaining that export bounties
were impracticable and that in the mat
ter of discriminating duties the United
States would encounter no less than
thirty-one different treaties. These would
have to be abrogated If discriminating
duties were enforced. The abrogation of
.these treaties would be an offenee to
every nation involved. I
"Our relations with European countries
to-day," he resumed, "are most amiable.
Do vou r think it .wise, to 'disturb these re
lations at the present time?"
¦ Senator Frye said he could see no rea
son why any man should favor free ships
as a remedy. In this connection he re
ferred to the . shipyards of the United
States and expressed the ; opinion that a
great maritime nation like this might as
Re duction ¦: of War Revenue s.
WASHINGTON, - Dec. 4.— The . Republi-
£i«^ti*^L en t0 °kup that provision of the
bill which provides, the amount of subsidy
to be paid vessels and explained how the
payment was regulated. He said that by
the terms of^the measure. a ten-knot ves
sel- out for 175 days .would draw $15,000 a
year beyond the cost ."of : her. coal .and
handling, and : that .the amount of ' the
subsidy would in - percentage diminish
with the inn case of the ; speed of the ship.
Clay. (Georgia). asked if it were true that
a twenty-one-knot ship would draw under
the. bill $304,000 a • Frye replied Uhat
th«f amount drawn" by" such vessel would
be about $22,000 in. extras of her coal con
sumption P.rnl handling.'- \* . • - > -y '¦¦¦>*¦
."But.V, persisted Clay, Vis not the gross
amount' of 'the subsidy of tho twenty-one
knot ship - $304,090 .- per - year . under this
bill?"; ._ , . . : ¦ , ....."
': Frye .admitted that it was., .
'.'Lunderstand,'.', said Clay, "that the.ten
knot and '.twelve-knot" ships 1 which', carry,
the : agricultural ? products of the : country
do not receive. more than one-third of, the
subsidy of*, the "fast r; passenger 'vessels,
which -, carry ,i no : agriculturalx products.?
"And I was ; showing."*, responded ; Frye;
*,'that<the low-speed -vessels, were the ones
which received , the * actual * benefits from
the ; subsidy,"- and ¦ not~ the- • fast ; passenger
( shlps.v .;-. . - : - ¦.,,: ¦-¦.-;. .•.¦.;•;¦';- • Tv: ¦/.• ¦ •, .' : - '/
' At this point Frye yielded the floor for
the day. and the Senate at 3:?>5 p.;m.' held
a brief, executive * session," after .' which It
adjourned. ¦. \ ; . „ ,. -¦-, * -.. • ;¦¦-
To Admit Oklahoma.
WASHINGTON. Dec. -L-Senator Fair
banks of Indiana, to-day Introduced a bill
to admit Oklahoma as a State with two
Representatives. The usual provisions j
£rams C of n9 ffi lI ? nal a co " v^Uon P ~nd th^
grants of land for State institutions ar"
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.— Senator Petti
grew to-day introduced a resolution In tho
Senate calling upon the Postmaster Gen
eral to send to the Senate any informa
tion he may have in, his possession con
cerning postal frauds in Cuba. Senator
Platt of Connecticut made objection to
lr 0 n ne w^%?er S^r ra a t X. and the rcsolu -
Postal Frauds in Cuba,
WASHINGTON', Dec. 4.— Representative
Sulzer to-day introduced in the House the
following resolution:
Whereas, The war In South Africa has de
generated Into a relentless and ruthless exter
mination of a brave people, fighting for their
homes and liberty.
Resolved, That the Congress of tha United
States protest In th« name of humanity and
civilization against a continuation of war. wMc a
outrages. the feelings of all liberty- loving peo
pla, and' ¦ * ¦
Resolved. That the Congress of tha United
States being committed to the principles of ar
bitration for the settlement of the international
disputes, urges uron the government of Her !
Majesty the wisdom of adopting this policy for
the purpose of stopping th« awful atrocities
now going on In South Africa. -
SAX DIEGO. Dec. 4.— Secretary H. V.
Wood of the Chamber or Commerce left
this noon for Washington to represent
this city and county in an effort to get
action on the Nicaraguan . canal Rill. Ha
has been at the capital before on th*
Fame sort of a proposition . and always
did efficient service. Last evening he re
ceived a latter from Senator John T. Mor
gan of Alabama, who is the father of the
canal measures in the Senate. The letter
is dated November 27 and the Senator had
just been Informed that the Walker com
mission would unanimously favor the
Nicaragruan route, a fact which was made
public In Washington to-day. Comment
ing on what the commission would report
the Senator says:
"A canal 100 feet wide and thirty feet
deep i3 all we need, with single Instead
of double locks. Thia can be built for a
sum far less than the estimates, but h»
asking for legislation we must assume
the outside cost as our predicate, and so
it is necessary that we should present ad
vantages especially to commerce that will
at least balance the account. In this view
it is very important to show tvhat tha
Pacific Coast, including Alaska, will save
to her productions and commerce by tha
use of. the canal and the tonnage that
will, pass through it to and from that
extent of coast line. l
"You and other commercial men on
that coast should be able to give data on
these points that would be very important
and in this connection your coming here
prepared with these facts, will be a great
help to the friends of the canal. What
I have mentioned will be the probabla
ground of the greatest controversy.
"As to the necesalty of tho canal for
commercial and other reasons the argu
ment is practically closed and the demand
for its construction is almost universal
and imperative.- What we have now to
show is that the cost of the canal, if it
should be even $200,000,000, Is not In ex
cess of its benefits to our country. It la
easy enough to answer this rationally on
a general view of the subject, but we
must be prepared - to demonstrate tha
problem. - It is your help in this direction
that is needed."
¦ ¦ m
STJLZEB FOB ABBITRATION.
Senator Morgan Tells How It "Will
Aid Commerce.
BENEFITS OF THE CANAI*.
the locks are of a dimension to permit
even the largest ships afloat to be ma
neuvered. The size of the locks Is 740
feet In lengrth, S4 feet in width in the
clear, with a depth of 35 feet.
Cost of the Nicaragua Canal.
Taking up the Nicaragua^ route In de
tail the commission says the route
adopted follows essentially the lines laid
down by the Nicaragua Canal Commis
sion in its report of 1S97-93. It begins near
Greytown, on the Atlantic side, follows
the San Juan River, enters Lake Nicara
gua and terminates at Brito, on the Pa
cific side. The distance from ocean to
ocean is about 186 miles. Plans are given
for the great harbors required at Grey
town and Brlto. The most difficult en
gineering work is tho dam across the San
Juan River to regulate the waters of the
lake. The . time required to build the
canal hinges almost entirely on the time
required for the construction of this dam.
The commission says eight years would
probably be a reasonable estimate for the
building. At least two years will be con
sumed in preparatory work and opening a
harbor at Greytown, so that if work on
the dam should be commenced immedi
ately thereafter the time required for
completing the entire work will be about
ten years.
The commission then submits the fol
lowing estimated cost of a canal on the
Nicaragua route:
Eastern division (from Greytown to
Boca San Carlos dam), JS2.G62.000; middle
division (from Boca San Carlos dam to
Las Lajas), $25,425,000; western division
(from Las Lajas to Brito), $T»1,6SO,000;
ninety-eight miles of railroad, $7,350,000;
total, $167,117,000; engineering, police, san
itation and general contingency, $33,423,
000; aggregate, $200,540,000.
This estimate Is for a canal suitable for
navigation by the largest ships now in
existence and thus in accordance with the
terms of the bill pending in Congress. It
provides for a double system of locks, so
that navigation can be maintained if one
system be closed for repairs or renewals.
If a single lockage system is provided the
cost will be reduced $19,678,000. Narrowing
the bottom one-third will permit a further
reduction of $16,949,000. This would bring
the estimated cost down to $163,913,000. -
Figures on Panama Ditch.
Concerning the Panama route, the com
mission says its natural attraction lies in
the combination of a very narrow Isthmus
with a low summit. The width of the
Isthmus is lens than • thirtv-flve - miles,
while the summit is barely 300 feet above
mean tide.' After a detailed description
or.- the entire route, the commission gives
the following estimated cost "of complet
ing the Panama* canal route: Colon en
trance and harbor, $7,334,673; harbor to
Bohio locks. Including levees, $10,718,288;
Bohio locks,. Including excavation, $10,982,
345; Lake Bohio, $2,786,449: Oblspo gates
$295,436; Culebra section, $44,357,335; Pedro
Miguel locks, including- excavation and
dam. $8,496,326; Pedro Miguel level, $1,169, •
611; Miraflores locks, Including excavation
and spill way, $5,720,863: Pacific level, $12,
366,814; Bohio dam, $8,500,000; Gigante spill
way. $1,124,524; channel between tho
marshes, $1,448,076; Chagres river diver-
well be without a constitution as to be
without shipyards, v- He , showed how
much greater was the cost of building and
operating ships. under the American flag.
If these expenses were not so great there
would be no excuse for the pending bill
and Its foundation would fall. He pointed
f £ er efore, to an array of . figures to prove
that it costs not only more to. construct
American ships but more to operate them
after they were built' than foreign ships.
Ills figures indicated that ships of Great
Britain had an advantage of $4 50 to $5
per, gross ton over American ships in the
expense of construction and operation.
Senator Frye related . the incident cited
by Mr. Clyde of ' the Clyde Steamship
Company before the Commerce Commit
tee on the operation! of a ship under the
Norwegian flag and an exactly -similar
vessel under the American flap. The ex
pense of operating: * the Norwegian ship, ¦
he. said, was Just half that of operating
the American ship between the same '
ports. ¦-¦ ¦¦¦
The speaker referred aluo to the line of'
vessels run by the late John Roach from
New York to Brazil. They came into com
petition with' a' line of Spanish -ships
exactly similar in size and speed, to- the <
American ships. .^The - Spanish ' vessels
had a yearly advantage of $12,000 over the
American ships and -could make money
carrying freight at $5 per ton. while • tha
American. vessels in order, to make money
had "to charge $7 BO per ton. Mr. Roach
was forced to tell the line of t vessels and
Mr. Thurber and the other purchasers' of
the ships eventually lost their, entire in- i
vestment. * .- . , ;
mission believes ¦ such agreement Is Impracti
cable. So far as can be ascertained, the com-
P a ny is not willing to sell Us franchise, but
it will allow the United States to become part
owner of Us stock. The commission considers
such an arrangement inadmissible.
Untrammelled by Concessions.
The Governments of Nicaragua and Costa
Rica on the other hand are- untrammeled by
concessions and are free to grant to the United
States such privileges aa may be mutually
agreed upon.
In view of all the facts and particularly in
view of all the difficulties of obtaining the
necessary rights, privileges and franchises on
the Panama route, and assuming that Nlca-'
ragua and Costa Rica recognize the value of
tho canal to themselves and are prepared to
grant concessions on terms which are reason
able and acceptable to tha United States the
commission is of the opinion that "the most
practicable and feasible route for tn Isthmian
canal to be under the management and owner
ship of the United States 1 ' Is that known as
the Nicaragua route.
. Th « message of the President transmit
ting the report Is as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives-
I transmit herewith for the Information of the
Congress a preliminary report of the Isthmian
Canal Commission, dated November 30 1900 "
__ . WILLIAM McKINLET.
Executive Mansion, December 4, 1900.
. m
CONSIDERATION OF CANAL BILL
Hay-Pauncefote Treaty First to Be
Disposed of by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.- The Senate
Committee on Interoceanic Canals had a
meeting to-day at the instance of its
chairman. Senator Morgan, to consider
the status of the Nicaragua canal bill.
The bill is tte special order In the Senate
for next Monday, but Jhere is a desire on
the part of the Republican members to
have It postponed for a time, at least
pending the consideration of the subsidy
shipping bin and the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty. Senator Hanna, who is especially
interested in the shipping bill, sat with the
committee, presenting the views of the Re
publican managers on the relative claims
of the various measures to precedence In
the matter of consideration.
The committee did not reach any defi
nite conclusion as to the line of action to
be pursued. When the committee ad
journed, however, the members felt from
the expressions Of the friends of the canal
bill, and especially from Senator Morgan's
attitude as developed at the meeting that
there would be no effort on the part of the
friends of the bill to. obstruct the subsidy
bill with the canal -bill. suosiay
Senator- Morgan admitted ! that if the
subsidy bill should be made th© reeuiar
order of the Senate, as contemplated that
action would have the effect cf dlSDlacine
the special order. He did not seem dis
turbed over this fact, but on tho contrary
appeared quite satisfied with the virtual
assurances of other members of the com
mittee that the canal bill should follow
the subsidy measure for consideration
He also expressed his willingness that
the Hay-Pauncefote treaty should be
canal bn? n advance of w«on upon thi
ported to be more favorable for sailing;
vessels. - The Nicaragua route Is also re
garded as advantageous through Its de
velopment of the country through which
it passes. It fa pointed 6ut that the Pan
ama concession now held by the French
company prohibits a cession of rights to
any nation, or foreign government. The
concession Is limited so that If the United
States acquired it there would not be an
absolute ownership in perpetuity, as the
concession provides that the cans! shall
Pass to Colombia after ninety-nine years.
The commission asked President Hutln
of the French company to name terms
upon which the company will dispase of
its property and interests to the United
States. No formal reply was received un
til the commission's report was being
closed. The report says the conferences
have resulted in no offer to dispose of the
property to the United States upon any
terms, nor had the company expressed
any desire to negotiate with the United
States with reference to such a disposi
tion. It was proposed by President Hutin
that the United States might obtain con
trol of the canal scheme as a majority
stockholder of a new organization. The
company prefers, however, to relncorpor
atein the United States and accord to this
Government such representation on Its
board of directors and sQch purchase of
interest as its concessions permitted.
Nicaragua Route the Cheaper.
The final conclusions of the commission
are stated as follows:
1— The estimated cost of building the Nica
ragua canal is about $58,000,000 more than that
of completing the Panama canal, leaving out
the cost of acquiring the latter property. This
measures the difference In the magnitude of
the obstacles to be overcome In the actual con
struction of the two canals, and covers all
physical considerations such as the greater or
less height of dams, the greater or less depth
of cuts, the presence or absence of natural har
bors, the presence or absence of a railroad, the '
exemption from liability to disease and the
amount of work remaining- to be done. The
new Panama Canal Company has shown no
disposition to sell its property to the United
States. Should that company b« able and will
ing to sell, there is reason to believe that the
price would not be such as would make the
total cost to the United States less than that
of the Nicaragua canal.
2— The Panama canal, after completion,
would be shorter, i have fewer locks and less
curvature than the Nicaragua canal. ¦ The
measure of these advantages is tha time re
quired for . a vessel to pass through, ¦ which Is
estimated - at thirty-three hours > for Nica
ragua.-
On the other hand the distance from San
Francisco to New York Is 877 miles, to New
Orleans 579 miles, and . to Liverpool 38« miles
greater via Panama than via Nicaragua. The
time required to pass over these distances be
ing greater than the dlfterenca'in the time of
transit through the canals, the Nicaragua line,'
after completion, would be somewbat more ad
\-antageous of ' the two to the United - States,
ndt withstanding the greater cost of main
tenance of the longer canal. .
3 — The Government of Colombia, In which
lies the Panama canal, has granted an ex
clusive concession which still has many years
to run. . It is not . free to grant tha necessary
rights to the United States , except upon con
dition that ¦' an agreement ¦ be - reached with
the New Panama Canal Company. The com-
It Is Proposed to Construct the Great Waterway^Thirty-Five Peet Deep and One Hundred and Fifty
Wide, and the Cost Is Estimated at More Than jfeOO^OP.OOO^-Big Ships to Be Provided For.
Asks Unanimous Con
sent for Considera
tion of Measure.'
Sulzer Objects But the Point
Is Carried Under
Special Order.
. •
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.-The session of
the House to-day was brief. The real
work will begin to-morrow when th«
House will consider the army reorganiza
tion bill, which Hull, chairman of the
Military Affairs Committee, reported to
day. He explained the urgent necessity
for Immediate action upon the measure,
as under the present law the army must
be reduced to 27,000 on July 1 next, and
asked unanimous consent for the consid
eration of the bill to-morrow, but Sulzer
objected, so Hull Introduced a resolution
for a special order for the consideration
of the bill to-morrow, with provision for
a vo^e at the end of six hours general
debate.
The objection to the swearing in of Con
nor 'of Iowa, the successor of Senator
Dolliver. which was raided, by Bailey yes
terday, was. removed to-day by the pre
sentation of a new set of credentials from
Governor Shaw and Connor took the oath.
Three blllsswere passed under the call
of committees, the most important belns
one to provide for the detail of not to
exceed lfiO retired army officers and 300 .
non-commissioned, officers as military In
structors in the public schools of such,
cities as adopt a system of military in
struction. The others were "to prevent ..
the failure of military Justice" and to
legalize an issue of $-50,OoO of bonds by
Pima County, Arizona.
.The resignation of De Vries of Cali
fornia, who is now a member of the
board of general appraisers, was laid be
fore the House, as was the resignation
of Babcock. of Wisconsin as a member of,
the Committee on Insular Affairs.
The Speaker announced the appointment
of Hamilton of Michigan as a member ot
the Committee on Insular Affairs. Over
street of Indiana as chairman of the
Committee on Expenditures In the De
partment of Justice and Davis of Florida
and McDermott of New Jersey as mem
bers of the Committee on Merchant Ma
rine and Fisheries.
When Hull, chairman of the Military
Affairs Committee, reported the army re
organization bill he asked unanimous
consent that the bill be taken up to-mor
row.
"I object,"- said Sulzer. "It th« gentle
man desires to consider the bill he can
bring in a rule."
The usual resolution for the distribu
tion of the President's g message was
adopted and the House then proceeded to
business under the call of. committees.
The first bill passed was the one to "pre
vent the failure of military Justice." It
was explained that its purpose was to
amend the laws relating to military
courts-martial and the civil trials of sol
diers. Marsh of Illinois then had passed
a bill "to assist military Instruction In the
public schools," and a bill also was passed
authorizing Pima County, Arizona, to
issue bonds to the amount of $250,000.
ARMY BILL
REPORTED IN
THE HOUSE
»
Hull Explains the
Necessity of
Action.
FRYE TALKS
ON THE SHIP
SUBSIDY BILL
Measure Is Made
the Unfinished
Business.
Philippine Bill Is Laid
Over for Considera
tion Later On.
PROVISIONS OF
SUBSIDY BILL
Speaker Shows Necessity of
Helping American
Shipping.
-TVASIirNTTTON. Dec. 4.— The pro
gramme of the Berate leaders for a busi
ness session was taken up in earnest to
day and. material progress was made.
What is popularly known as the ship sub
sidy bill was made the unfinished busi
ness of the Senate instead of the Spooner
Philippine measure and the discussion of
it was opened by Frye of Maine, chair
man of the Committee on Commerce, from
•which the measure was reported. Senator
Trye addressed the Senate to-day for more
i. an an hour and a half. . He had not con
cluded when the Senate adjourned.
The great crowds of yesterday were
absent and business on the floor proceed
ed just as it would in mid-session. Just
es soon as the session opened the creden
tials of Senator-elect Dolliver of Iowa
were presented and he was sworn in.
Dilliii^ham. the new Senator from Ver
mont, was assigned to membership on the
Jollowing committees: Civil Service, En
grossed' Bills. Territories, Transportation
Homes to the Seaboard, additional recom
mendations tor the library of Congress
and Indian Depredations. . Dolliver was
placed on the committees on Pacific Rail
roads, Agriculture, Education and Labor,
Interstate Commerce. Pottofiiees and
1'ostroads and Improvement of the Mis
tipsiwpi Kiver. •
Bills on the calendar were passed as fol
low e: To authorize the use of depositions
before naval courts in certain cases with
an amendment restricting Its operation to
impositions taKen at the instance of the
accused; to authorize Captain N. M.
Brook?, superintendent of torelgn mails,
to accept tlie decoration of the Ked Eagle
cl the third class from the Emperor «f
ocraany; to authorize- George D. Meikle
john to accept a decoration of chevalier
of the first cias-s from the CJovernment of
Bweden and Norway; to encourage the
holding of an interstate and West Indian
exposition in Charleston. S. C, In 1901.
The measure appropriates $250,000 and ad
mits exhibits free of duty.
The resolution offered by Chandler on
May 25 last, to refer the credentials of
William A. Clark and Martin Maginnls,
appointed Senators from Montana, to the
Committee on Prii'iloges and Elections,
was called up by Carter of Montana, but
went over until to-morrow.
When the ununfehed business known
as the Spooner Philippine bill was laid
before ihe Senate at 2 o'clock. Frye, hav
ing previously yielded the gavel to Sena
tor Oallinger. moved that the Senate pro
ceed to the consideration of the bill "to
promote the commerce and increase the
foreign trade of the United States and to
provide auxiliary cruisers, transports and
seamen for Government use when neces-
Fary," better known as the ship subsidy
t>.««. The effect of the motion was to
make the subsidy bill the unfinished busi
ness.
J^nes of Arkansas demanded the ayes
and noes. The motion prevailed. 3S to*20.
as follows:
Are*-Al<5rich. AlliwJn. Baker. Bard, Uev
erf'iire. Outer, Clark. Cullom. Dolliver, Elklne,
Foraker. Forter. Frye. GalHngtfr. Hale. Hanna.
HanfbrouRh. Hawley. Hoar, Kean. Iyxjpe, lit-
Ootnas. McCumbw, McMillan, Ma*on. Nelson
P^nrof*. Ferkins. Plait <Oonn.). Platt <N. T.), ;
Q\ia.rl»r. Scott. Sewell, Hhoup, Stewart, Ttaurs
trn. Wettuor*, Wolcott— 3K.
Noe*— Bacon] Berry. Butler. Clay, Cockrell.
Oilberson. Harris, Hcltfe'd. Jones (Ark.),
Kertny. Lindsay. Morgan. Pettisn-ew. Prttus;
Sullivan. Ta!lai>rro. Teller, Tlllman. Veet.
Wellington— 20.
Frye. the sponsor of the bill, addressed
the Senate In explanation xjf It. His state
ment was elaborate and at times elo
quent. This great maritime nation, he
f rj-i, wan placed In a position of humilia
tion beyond expression by the present
condition of our merchant marine. With
a boundless sea coast, unparalleled and
unapproachable natural resources; ship
1 uilders the equal of any in the world, the
greatest exports In the world, and every
other argument In our favor, the United
Ftztce had permitted its commercial rivals
to seize the pathways of commerce and
1 old them practically to the exclusion of
this tour try.
!-a«it yeais»of all the enormous exports
;-rd imports of jLhc Lnited States, only 9
; «r f"'it was rrini'vi in American bot
•.rmr.. ni;«1 ih^ United States paid to for
'tm «::iii<T!is (principally Great Britain
: r.tl 'Irrraany) $300,000 a day for doing car
iv'rjr'trade work for this country. He
primed out that during the war with
t'r-aln thf» Government was forced to
s'.-aich the pea* over for auxiliary •cruis
ers and transpnrtB because we had eac
:lfir*d our carrying ships.
"The world," Fry* declared, "has en
tered upon a floret* commercial war and
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
N. \V.. WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.—
The )»rinripal provisions of the ship
subsidy bill are: Subsidies to
American vesrel* In foreign trade,
based on gross tonnage of ships
and rr.ilea?=
American vessel? already built
sre subsMdizpd for ten years, ves
rels to be hereafter built for
twenty years
Maximum subsidy payable in any
one year is S9.<KKi.0>«; at present
time expenditure would be about
54,500.000 a year.
iJaifcrto sulrsidy to all Ameiican
v«rs?els of 1"^ cemti stoss ton for
*>ach I9Q nautical miles not exceed
ing V**) miles sailed outward
bound. The same rate for each 100
miles not exceeding 1550 sailed
homeward bound, and 1 rent gross
ton for tach additional 100 nautical
miles saikd pa each entry, not ex
c-rct':n^ eixnni in any iwtlve ton
tccuUvv months.
i-pecial ratvs ¦ to faster steam
ships. ~radod accordirg to their
A ten-knot ship with mileage of
42.'»j pel annum would ram $48,300,
fifteen-knot ship with mileape of
tXJBOO miles i>er annum would earn
1143.700. twcr.ty-one-knot ship with
mileage of 88,200 miles per arnum
wouli tarn $.'3J4 .21*0. ; ? ',-: __-~
Admits to American registry all
foreign steamships owned by
Americans o"n January 1, 1900, and
entities such steamships to half
subsidies. All vessels receiving
subsidy are required to carry ocean
mails of the United States free of
charge and nay be. impressed as
auxiliary cruif-era or transports.
COMMISSIONERS REPORT THAT NICARAGUA FURNISHES
THE MOST FEASIBLE ROUTE FOR THE ISTHMIAN CANAL
IMPORTANT MATTERS BEFORE CONGRESS FOR CONSIDERATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; DECEMBER 5, 1900.
2NAVAL CONSTRUCTOR FRANCIS T. 1 BOWLES, WHO IS SELECTED TO
SUCCEED REAR ADMIRAL HICHBORN, SOON TO BE RETIRED.
AS CHIEF CONSTRUCTOR.
BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— It is
fl statfd on good authority that President McKlnley will appoint Naval
(I * , Constructor Francis T. Bowles as chief constructor of the navy, !n suc-
V^^7 cession to Rear Admiral Philip Hichborn, who will retire on March 4
next. Mr. Bowles is now on duty.in : the Brooklyn Xavy Yard. He holds
an enviable position in' the service, and his selection is regarded as particularly
fortunate. ... ,
Mr. Bowles was born in Springfield. on October 7, 185S, and was the first
member of the construction corps to graduate from the Naval Academy. His no
table achievements have been the construction of the battleship Texas and the
cruiser Raleigh, in the Norfolk yard, and the development of that yard Into a
first class naval . station. From Norfolk Mr. Bowles was transferred to New
York. ' . '
Mr. Bowles will, have tne distinction of being the youngest officer who ever
held the title of rear admiral, such being the rank of chiefs of bureaus of the
Navy Department.
As i a* result * of a decree of foreclosure
granted ; yesterday In favor of the South
ern * Pacific I Company, the rolling, stock
of the Sierra/ Valley. Railway will be sold
under r the? hammer. The stock. Includes
two • locomotives, \> fifteen flat cars, five
combination -box ! cars and ". one icombina
tion passenger and bagrgage car. The total
amount of the judgment Is $18,956.' The suit
was brought In January, to satisfy a" loan
of $15,775. Tho roaxl^ runs from Cialrville,
in Plumas County, to Plumas Junction.
Cars and Locomotives to Be Sold.
In addition to the questions regarding
attendance, discipline and efficiency put
to all the officers, the matter of the
charges preferred against Lieutenant W.
G. Morrison for unofflcerllke conduct In
the wardroom of the Marion was gone in
to. On September 9 while; some of the of
ficers and their guests were seated at the
wardroom table having luncheon, Mr.
Morrison entered and engaged in an alter-
I cation with one of the officers and made
| remarks that were ' keenly resented
.Charges were preferred against him, but
it was found that through some defect in
the law/ no court-martial Is provided fior
the naval militia and so the charges were
returned to the officer who made them.
The officers examined were Lieutenant
T. S. Harloe, commanding the Second Di
vision; Lieutenant Junior Grade George
E. Kammerer, . and Ensign J. K.
Burke of . the Second Division, Lieutenant
Junior Grade Henry C. Peterson and En
signs J. ;< F. Murphy and O. F. Smith of
the First Division, and Ensign William
Speck of ' the Engineer Division.
A second and rather more Interesting
evening than the first waa put in by the
pourt of inquiry ordered to Investigate the
affairs of the naval militia last night. The
divisional officers were those examined.
the Wardroom of the
Marion.
Testimony in Regard to Trouble in
THE NAVAL MILITIA
COURT OF INQUIRY
ber of the City Council, was sentenced to
the' State ' prison * for v an indefinite term
between two and fourteen years." Higgins
was - convicted i for offering to, accept a
bribed promising, to - push a. measure
through • tbe Council.'
John Hi ggins of Indianapolis Con
victed^ of .Having Promised
to Accept a Bribe. •
INDIANAPOLIS; Deo. 4.— In the Crim
inal Court to-day John M. Hlggins, ¦ mem-
FORMER COUNCILMAN. IS •*
SENT TO PENITENTIARY
LOS ANGELES, Deo. 4. — The Mexican
Development Company, which controls
more than 400,000 acres of what the lead
ing experts hv the State insist are oil
lands, has organized in this city and has
elected as directors C A. Canfleld, Ed
Doheny, W. G. Nevin, manager of . the
Santa Fe Western lines; E. D. Kernan
of Chicago, first vice president of the
Santa Fe: H. M. Mclntosh of Chicago;
Congressman R. J. Waters; E. T. Stlm
son- R. C. Kerens. of St. Louis, and A. P.
Maginnls. Officers of the corporation will
be chosen in a few days and C. A. Can
field probably will be the president and
Ed Doheny f manager of " the I company,
whose active headquarters will; be In Los
Angeles. Development on the company's
property is to^ begin at once. The cap
ital stock Is $ll>,000,000, fully paid up.
The company expects a concession from
the Mexican Government, admitting free
of duty Into that country all of the cor
poration's supplies. 'Among the leading
spirits in the corporation, beside " those
mentioned, are -United States Senator
George , C. Perkins and President E. P.
Ripley of the Santa Fe.
The company , has already a contract
with the Mexican - Central Railway for
100,000 barrels of oil a month. The di
rectors have sent their application for
articles of incorporation to Sacramento.
Syndicate Formed With a Pald-Up
Capital of Ten Million, Dol
lars.
ORGANIZE TO DEVELOP
OIL LANDS IN MEXICO
SEATTLE, Dec. 4.— Telegraphic advices
from Dawson to Skaguay, received here
by the steamer Farallon to-day, tell L of
the death In the Klondike late In Novem
ber of S. B. HlKgins. one of the most
prominent and prosperous miners of the
district. Neither the date nor the cause
of death Is given. Higgins is said to have
formerly lived In San Francisco, where
his widow and mother now reside.
gins of San Francisco.
Reported Demise Ol Miner S. B. Hig-
DIES IN THE KLONDIKE.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Delia A. Bacher. Crescent Mills, John A.
Scherer, Paimdale. Appointed: Washing
ton — C. H. McKinney. Long Beach, Pa
cific County, vice G. H. Canorls, resigned.
Pensions issued to-day: California—Res
toration and supplemental: John O'Brien,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, J2. In
creased — James Rowe, Cherokee. $8. Re
issued — John O'Brien, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles. $15.
Oregon: Increased— Cyrus M. Duncan,
Cottage Grove, $10. Original widows —
Catharine Findlay, Florence, $8.
Washington: Original— William Van
dever, Tacoma, $8. Original widows-
Margaret Jump, Creston, $S.
Washington— James A. Foster, Tacoma,
non-reflllable bottles; Marius P. Hoy, as
signor one-half to C. S. Upright, Tacoma,
means for ventilating boats, also anchor
mechanism for boats; George B. Klink,
Tacoma, tuyere for blast furnaces;
Charles A. Long, Pomeroy, threshing ma
chinery. .
Postofflce discontinued: California — Mc-
Pherson, Orange County, mall to El
Modena.
WASKINGTOK, Dec. 4.— Patents issued
to-day: California — Arthur Beargon,
Compton. gravel separator; Christopher
M. Bridges, San Francisco, acetylene gas
generator; Katherine A. Deering, Fer
nando, corset cover; Xavier Dodel, San
Francisco, dental elevator; Daniel Farrell,
assignor to Anderson Prune Dipper Com
pany, San Jose, bleaching nuts; Frank J.
Foveaux, Alameda, furnace; Patrick A.
Hart, San Francisco, safety indicator for
railway wheels ; John Hoey, San Fran
cisco, bed bottom, also bed bottom attach
ment: Louis Horvath, assignor one-half
to J. L. Walter, Los Angeles, lawn sprink
ler; Nathaniel Kuns. Santa Monica, den
tal dam: Henry H. Lawrence and O. S.
Phllbrook— latter assignor to H. H. Law
rence Jr. Oakland— billiard game; Ru
dolph Leonhart Jr., Fresno, carpenter's
bevel; James D. McFarland Jr., assignor
one-half to J. B. Ruckman, Ban Fran
cisco, revolving cylinder engine; Albeit
H. Nelld. Coutolenc, assignor one-half to
P. M. Ream, Lovelock, bicycle brake;
Augustus F. Shriver, Arbuckle, assignor
two-thirdB to himself, W. Storey, San
Francisco, and J. H. Smith, Stonyford,
acetylene gas generator:, Gl«nn T. Willis,
assignor to J. Porteous, Fresno, finger
guard bar for headers on harvesters.
list of Patents Granted at Washing-
ton to Inventors.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
The hearing of the application of C F.
Kapp was continued for a week.'
"Pop" Sullivan was granted his quar
terly license for the saloon on Second and
Market streets. Through Attorney Short
ridRe he promised to close one of the
three entrances on Second .street — that
leading to the gentlemen's grill. Com
missioner Mahoney voted against the ap
plication. ¦
Edward Foster of the Grand Hotel bar
was also granted a license, Mahoney
voting against it.
A number of saloon men, who were
charged with keeping open on election
day, .were reprimanded by President New
hall. He declared that at next election
all restaurants and groceries having bar
attachments would be compelled to keep
their doors closed.
' The board referred back to the Judiciary
Committee of the Board of Supervisors
the petition for relief from Mrs. Lynch,
whose boy was injured by Policeman
Kenville, recommending that-the commit
tee do something In her behalf.
John Ji McLaughlln, who resigned from
the force a few weeks ago, was allowed
to withdraw his resignation, and the
Commissioners restored him to his former
position as patrolman.
A communication was received from the
Civil Service Commission which stated
that the examinations for lieutenants
would be held at an early date.
Thomas F. Cashin. whose name was on
the civil service list for appointment as
patrolman and who failed to appear at the
special meeting on Friday last, waa or
dered by the board to be sworn in for
duty to-day.
The Board of Police Commissioners held
Its regular weekly meeting last night and
disposed of the usual number of applica
tions for retail liquor licenses.
tenants Will Be Held at an
Early Date.
Civil Service Examinations for Lieu-
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
HOLD A SHORT SESSION
Frank Campbell, .one of the injured
men, is a resident of Oakland, living
at the home of his sister, Mrs. J. F. Pirie,
at 870 Castro street. Campbell was em
ployed as steward of Threlkeld's su^nly
outfit and was in> the sunply car when
the accident occurred. He was thrown
among a mass of materials. His right
arm was broken and;the wrist severely
sprained. He also received some .fearful
cuts about the face and head. v Mrs/ Pirie,
who had heard the report of the accident
and knew not but that her brother; was
among the killed, took the local train and
arrived at the pier while the Injured men
were ' being placed on stretchers and' car
ried from the cars. The sight of the man
gled bodies and the • fear for her brother
proved to be too great, and she had to be
assisted to one, side by , her 'husband 'and
friends,- who were -Boon able to . tell her
"Jim Davis has alwaya been strong
enough to pull through any kind of a
deal and I guess he'll pull through ' this.
Oh, this pain Is awful— be careful, that
heel Is dropping off. There, thanks, old
man. Jim Davis is strong and you doc
tors will do the rest."
A stimulant quickly administered by one
of the crew Qt physicians seemed to re
lieve him considerably, but as he ground
his teeth In pain he murmured, "I'll bo
all right."
H. Landers, aged about 60, residing on
Third street, San Francisco, sustained in
juries about the small of the back and
chest.- He believes ne is severely injured
internally. Landers was one of the force
on the work train.
"I guess there is little hope for me to
pull through." he said. "I guess it was
an unlucky day for the lot of us. The
whole thing happened so quickly . that we
hardly knew what struck us. We were
going to put in a sidetrack up above Sui
sun, and were expecting to meet ¦- the
freight train at Cannon, a half-way sta
tion. About a mile and h half from there
we crashed together. The agent at El
mira had O. K.ed the order and started
us from Suisun on the work train. More
than thlB I knew nothing of until I was
picked up after I regained consciousness.
Then I looked about through the thick
fog and saw lying near me three of our
gang dead. They were Callahan, Hughes
and Hearn. There were about forty men
on the work train."
Fireman Harry Waters of the construc
tion train engine had no intimation of ap
proaching danger until the crash came.
"I was busy with my fires," he said,
"and the first thing I knew of any trouble
was when I heard the crash and our
engine seemed to jump ahead a length or
two as though it had been lifted from
the rails. When I looked back I saw a
scene the equal of which in horrifying
detail I hope never to witness again. I
was knocked about the engine cab a little,
but outside of a few black and blue spots
and an awful scare 1 am none the worse
for the accident."
James Davis, familiarly known to the
construction gang as "Brave Jim,", proved
one of the grittiest men among the in
jured. In the awful crash, when timbers
and iron flew about promiscuously, hi*
left leg and the heel of the left foot were
severely crushed, the bones being broken.
As he lay on the stretcher upon a truck
he begged for a drink of water, while
tears, not of sorrow, but caused by in
tense pain, filled his eyes. As he drank
the water bis hand trembled like a leaf,
and, his voice almost choking, he re
marked:
"The poor workmen were tangled up in
the wreckage and their cries and screams
sounded above the hiss of the escaping
steam. As soon as possible members of
the crews who had escaped injury com
menced the work of rescue. The scene
was horrifying. Men were pinioned be
neath heavy timbers, some were under
the trucks and others were thrown to the
sid.e of the track where they were cut and
bruised by the flying splinters."
Mr. Tracey would not venture an opinion
as to the responsibility for the disaster.
A dense fog was hanging over the
marshes and we could not see a car's
length ahead of us. Our orders were to
proceed north of Suleun, - where the work
gang was to put In a siding. I had
slowed up at a crossing and our train
was barely moving when I heard the whis
tle of a locomotive apparently coming up
behind us. I looked back and almost at
the same instant there was a crash. The
three flat cars on which the workmen
were seated were literally lifted into the
air and then fell back upon the track a
mass of splintered wood and twisted iron
Urough which the engine that
with us seemed to be plowing its way.
that, though seriously wounded, Camp
bell's hurts were not dangerous. With her
husband, who is an assistant in Passen
ger Agent Goodman's office, she crossed
with her brother on the ferry and saw
him taken to the company's hospital.
Continued Prom Pagfe 1.
COLLISION DUE TO CARELESSNESS
DIXON*. Dec. 4.— A man in an unon
criouF and dyir.fr condition was found be
side the railroad trac-K this morning
near Batavia, a station four miles west
of here. He was broupht to Dlxon and
examined by a local physician, but no
mark or bruise of any kind was appar
ent to Indicate that he had been struck
by a train. lie died this evening without
Tffra.inir.ft: consciousness. There was noth
ing on his pTson by which he might be
ifi<=-nt:n<»<!. He wore a new and almost
•.^soiled pair of prison shoes, and hi?
pocketfl were full of newspaper clippings
of murders, robberies and other criminal
happenings.
of Dixon.
Stranger's Fate Puzzles the Officials
TOUND DYING ON EAILWAY.
PETALUMA, Dec. 4.— There may b« a
contest over the estate of the late Mary
C. Kelly or Mary C. Appel. who recently
committed suicide by taking carbolic acid.
The estate consists of a ranch near this
city said to be wort- $4000.
The matter came up for probate before
Judge Burnett to-day and J. F. Burns, a
local merchant, presented his petition to
be appointed administrator of- the estate.
He is the guardian of James Kelly and
represents the two sons of the deceased
in the matter.
The sons say they do not think that
Appel,. who alleges the deceased was his
wife, was ever married to their mother,
and will make an effort to disinherit him.
Grand Jury Not Drawn.
WOODLAND, Dec. 4. -The Grand Jury
was to have been Impaneled to-day, but
owing to sickness and other causes there
were many absentees. An adjournment
was taken until Wednesday. One of the
first investigations that will probably be
made is the Washington poolsellins cases.
That Their Mother Had Be
>.X'?%'?¦ married.
Sons of the Deceased Do Not Believe
MAY CONTEST THE WILL
OF THE LATE MARY APPEL
has defeated the Republican Incumbent.
!W. A. Hartwell, by barely a hundred
votes.' The saloon men, whose decisive
victory cannot be Ignored, declare their
Intention of keeping quiet and not press
ing inordinate demands.
The closest contest was for the office of
City Treasurer, In which the Democratic
candidate, ex-Mayor W. H. Workman,
Snyder carried every ward in the city
except the Fourth and Fifth. The Re
publican candidate 'suffered severely from
the treacherous "trading" of votes, by
which it was sought to save those Council
manic candidates who had been singled
cut by the Los Angeles Times for bitter
attacks. With one exception, every Re
publican nominee upon whom Harrison
Gray Otis vented his spleen was elected.
Snyder's election may be taken to mean
that the municipal ownership of the water
plant. ia still very much of a local issue
and also that sooner or later the people
may be called upon, to decide Just how
far the liquor traffic shall be regulated
by local statutes. Incidentally, the re
sult is taken in certain quarters to have
emphasized the fact that the interference
of the Ministerial Union in local affairs
is not appreciated by a large part of the
local electorate, as it is now being re
called that four years ago, when Synder
was first a Mayoralty candidate, he was
apparently . defeated until the Ministerial
Union indorsed the candidacy of his Re
publican opponent.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 4.— Politicians
have been rubbing their eyes all day in
their surprised perusal of the figures of
Meredith P. Snyder's victorious vote for
the Mayoralty. The Democratic candi
date defeated his opponent, Herman Sil
ver, by 2803 votes, while in the national
election, less than a month ago, McKln
loy's plurality in this city was 2S34. The
total vote cast for Presidential Electors
was 19,034, and the total vote polled yes
terday was 17,444. -
.President M. J. Newmark of the Cham
ber or commerce presided until tempo
rary officers were elected as; follows:
Chairman, H. K Carter; secretary, Rob
ert. M. Clark. During the afternoon ses
sion this organization was made perma
nent, to last through the meeting of tho
Legislature.
Jf resident Newmark asked that County
Supervisors be empowered to appropriate
money for foreign exhibit purposes. Mr.
Newmark also requested the indorsement
of the national quarantine bill, prohibiting
the importation of infected nursery stock
into the United States. Recommendations
of the Nicaraguan canal bill and of a bill
for the preservation of the big trees of
California were made.
Among other things suggested were the
indorsement of the acts of the
Irrigation Congress and of the recent good
roads convention , and objections to the
ratification of the Jamaica treaty.
Lined up on one side of the room were
representatives of various women's or
ganizations. Miss Elizabeth. L. Kenney
of the Woman's Parliament of Southern
California requested that the law regu
lating the property rights of women bo
amended. She spoke especially of sec
tion 172 of the civil code, which places
community property almost absolutely In
the hand* of the husband.
Mrs. S. R. Woods of Santa Monica, rep
resenting the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union of Southern California,
presented three measures which will be
formulated into bills and placed before
tho Legislature. They embrace school
suffrage for women, abolishment of the
sale of cigarettes in the State and the
control of the sale of intoxicating liquors
in sanitary districts.
C. H. Sessions, who appeared for the
dairymen's association asked that a law
be made doing away with preservatives to
keep milk sweet.
Bicyclists axid other good roads advo
cates were wen represented. C. D. vvil
lard president of the Good Roads As
sociation, asked the lawmakers to In
dorse the resolutions adopted at the good
roads convention held at the Chamber -of
Commerce the latter part of October.
J B Lipplncott. of the United States
geological survey, asked that the legis
lators take some interest In his work and
appropriaw'a sum of money. Tho United
States Government is ready to put a dol
lar into the work for every dollar appro
priated by the State, and has set aside
$3000 for this purpose.
The local Board of Trade was anxious
to have the homestead exemption reduced
to $3000. A plea for the establishment of
a deaf and dumb and blind school was
made by J. A. Reckwith. A request for
an extension of the statute of limitation
was presented by the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association.
The legislators were the guests at
luncheon of the faculty of the State Nor
mal School. The first speaker of the
afternoon session, Dr. M. N. Avery, asived
that In primary elections the referendum
be applied where it is most required in
making nominations, and that a system
be established where . the nominations be
made by direct vote of the people instead
of in political conventions.
Supervisor E. 9. Field suggested the
establishment of a good road between Los
Angeles and Kern County and also the
amendment ol the . election law so that
members of the election board need not
be -on the assessment roll.
The legislators this evening inspected
the "v^hittier Reform School. They will
return here to-morrow and in the even
ing will pay a visit to the Hospital for
the Insane at Highlands. •
SOUTHERN ASSEMBLYMEN
SUPPORTING ANDERSON
•
Favor the Candidacy of the Suisun
Statesman for the Speak
_ ership.
WH1TT1KK, Dec 4.— From conversa
tions with several legislators-elect who
were spending the night here it seems
practically settled that the southern dele
gation will not concur on the Speaker
" W." S. Melick of the Seventieth District
is a strong champion of Alden Aderson,
and In his paper, the Pasadena News, is
urging his re-election.
¦ R. M. Clarke of Ventura. C. W. Marritt
of Santa Barbara, A. S. Melice of River
side. C. R» Stewart and F. W. Barnes of
San Dieeo are also actively In favor of
Anderson's candidacy. .
LOS ANGELES; Dec. '4.— Heart to heart
talks v/ith State legislators were had at
the. Chamber of Commerce to-day, a con
ference having been summoned to give an
opportunity to the various industries and
organizations of Southern California to
present their needs. The following legis
lators-elect were present: .A. . S. Milice,
Riverside; Charles Merritt,. Santa Bar
bara; Robert Clarke, Ventura; F. W.
Barnes, San Ditfgo; C. B. Stewart, San
Diego;-H/ A. .Broughton, Pomona; "W. H.
Savage, San Pedro; D. W. Hasson, Buena
Park; C. H. G. Bennik, Ontario; . W. S.
Melick,. Pasadena; Frank James, Los An
geles; C. \V. Pendleton, Los Angelas; H
E. Carter, Los Angeles; and Senators A.
T.- Currier, Los Angeles, Fred M. Smith,
Los Angeles; C. M. Simpson, Los Ange
les, and A. A. Caldwell, Riverside.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
mendations for Proposed
Legislation.
Members Give a Hearing to Various
Interests Presenting Recom-
CARTER IS ELECTED CHAIRMAN
Southern California Delega
tion Learns Wishes
of Citizens.
LEGISLATORS
CONFER WITH
CONSTITUENTS
SEATTLE. Dec. 4.-Eagle City on the
American Yukon was connected by tale
graph with Dawson on -October 20. giving
thorough service from Eagle to Skaguay.
The same system is also extended south
to Atlin. Eagle is the first town on the
American side of th£ boundary and is
about 100 miles from Dawson.
Telegraph I#ine to Eagle City.
SEATTLE, Dec. 4.— Major Wood, in
charge of the Canadian mounted, police
at Dawson, who makes the royalty collec
tions, reports that the royalty on gold col
lected this year in the Klondike amounts
to nearly $300,000, about JlOo.OOQ more than
last year. Ten per cent of all the gold
taken out of the Klondike is supposed to
be paid to the Government as royalty.
Allowing that all miners have paid roy
alty on all gold taken out In the district
this year, this would make the output of
the Klondike for the fiscal year of 1900,
ending November 30, $9,000,000; but gen
eral estimates place the output at $20,000,
000. Consular certificates issued at the
United States Consul's office at Dawson
show that $14,000,000 was shipped from
May 1 to October 16 this year, demon
strating that much of the royalty was
evaded.
Million Dollars.
Season's Yield Estimated at Twenty
KLONDIKE'S GOLD OUTPUT.
Lively interest was taken in the cam
paign, and although two-thirds of the
people are Americans, and the Canadians
had all the voting to do, the Yankees had
no little at stake Jn regard to laws the
candidates may help to form while in
office.
The total vote cast In the election, with
the exception of one small precinct, gives
Wilson 1415, Prudhomme 1207, O'Brien £69,
Noel 617. The election is considered an
ajiti-administration victory.
The Yukon Council is a body of five
men. who have the same relative au
thority in the government of Yukon Ter
ritory that a city council has in go\-
erning a city.
SEATTLE. Dec. 4.— The election held in
Daweon on October 17 to choose two mem
bers for the Yukon Council resulted in
the choice of candidates of the so-called
"Yukon party." Their opponents ran un
der the title of Independents. The elec
tion was participated In throughout Yu
kon Territory, which was carved out of
the Northwest Territory, and of which
Dawson and White Horse are the chief
cities.
Gain the Victory.
Candidates of the "Yukon Party"
DAWSON'S ELECTION.
Governor Brady's mission to Washing
ton is to arrange the contract for the con
struction of an insane asylum at Sitka.
He refused to talk regarding the diffi
culty arising out of the receivership i of
claims at Nome. .
To The Call correspondent Governor
Brady said he would g-o to Washington
ajid New York and would visit San Fran
cisco before he returned to the north.
Just before leaving Sitka he received
word of what he considered would be
one of the most notable finds of g-old in
Alaska this year. It was on Bear Creek.
in the Porcupine district, and $4 to the
pan had been taken out. Several scores
of claims had been staked, although the
weather was very rough and snow pre
vented any systematic prospecting being
done anywhere in the district.
To-night a complimentary banquet was
given in honor of the officers of the ves
sel and Governor Brady at the Hotel Van
couver. It wa3 arranged By United States
Consul Dudley, and among the prom
inent suesu? were General Kinchant. Col
onel Warren and Colonel C. A. Warsnop
ol the film Keglment, Canadian Artil
lery.
VANCOUVER. Dec. 4.— John G. Brady,
Governor of Alaska, arrived this after
noon from Sitka. He was aboard the
T'nited States cutter Wheeling, which is
now on her way home from a two years'
cruls-e, on which she first left for Manila.
The Wheeliqg, after mucji valuable ser
vice to Uncle Sam in the Philippines,
came over last summer to Alaska, and
since thf-n has been cruising up anfi
down the coast, but has seen little active
rervice. She remained in Sitka three
weeks.
Goes to Arrange the Contract for the
Construction at Sitka of an
Asylum for the Ia-
IS EN ROUTE TO WASHINGTON
JoHn G. Brady Brings News
of a Rich Strike in
Porcupim
GOVERNOR OF
ALASKA TELLS
OF GOLD FIND
. Senate Amendment No. 22. relating to
t!ie judiciary tr.il establishins Courts of
-Appeal. For. C9,?97; against, 7S.354.
Senate Amendment No. 15. relating- to
ir><i» btedness that may be incurred by
counties, cities, eta For. 85.461; against,
62. 'XC.
Senaw Amendment No. 9, rdating to
the compensation of Supreme and Su
perior Court Judges. For, &>,754; against.
JC..472.
Seriate Amendment No. 4. concerning
rnmary elections. For. 106.TS3: against,
&1.51S.
Assembly Amendment No. '4. relating
to exempting from taxation a!! property
of "The <"aixfornia School of Mechanical
ArtB.? For, lll.S^; apajnst. 70.264.
Senate Amendment No. 14. relating to
exemption of bonds. For. 7j,"S0; aeainst,
Apsembly Amendment Xo. 6. relating
\n the exempting of church propertv from
taxation. For. 115.K1: against. KC.tti.
Assembly Amt-ndment No. "."?. r<-l:iting
to Stanford University. For, 337,607;
fiSiiin^t, S7.737.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 4 — Secretary of
Sta.te Curry to-day pave out the official
¦vote on the constitutional amendments,
as CoIIowb:
Special Dispatch to The dalL
Amendment Relating to the Taxation
of the University's Property
Carries by 137,607 to
67,737.
STANFORD HAS FINE MAJORITY
Secretary ol State Curry
I : Gives Out Official
Figures.
RETURNS FROM
THE VOTE ON
AMENDMENTS
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
SNYDER'S BIG MAJORITY
SURPRISES POLITICIANS
I-iOS Angelenos Drawing -Deduc
tions From Election Returns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1900.
Naval Constructor Bowles Soon
to Have That Distinction.
YOUNGEST REAR ADMIRAL
IN THE AMERICAN NAVY
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 b katscbinskTI
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
j 10 Third St., San Francisco.
* J
JUST A REMINDER.
* The Christmas Holidays win soon b« '
h^re and you certainly Intend giving: -
e few presents. Now what 1b more
; E*>n!"ibl<» or mor*> acceptable than a neat
riipwr? We have the largest selection
in this city. s"o Just keep us In mind.
X Laiiiee' <2uilt.«?-d £a.tln Juliets, colors |
* j BLaclc Rfd or Gold, lamb's wool Un-
f I ir.g and fpsI fur trimmed, reduced to i
$1.4O a ralr.
! Misses and Children's Re-J or Black
: F«"H Juliets. lur trimmed and spring:
Child's size*. S to U S3c
M!s»f*' eizes. 31H to I O5c
Men's Tan or Black K:d uv^rett
} Slippers, very neat and natty, reduced
to 81.25. R
! Shoe Orders— If you desire u> make
a pretest &n£ Ao not know the e:ze
buy a shoe crfier. /
Country Order* Follc'.tM. '-,
Send tor Illustrated Catalogue.
: PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
i n 10 THIRD ST. San Francisco.
DlHEBGE'SgaBBBI-BAnEEI
nvir fZ^/l #^ Strong.
ullwl. li*' \ff Itjdu A modern ap-
Dr Pierce'* WPff^T fln " **»* *"**
Ivrt and Al- K^SSi^ia Z itb u Uct f? C "
Si33i Mil ™'r
rrem hand to U'j \O L° r ror „ * n
foot. thKrebv I ft ' , \*n *• . l0T men -
InptrtlBK V a Iti k>rU^ T?"
»/Jm and vi^or IV I LJ f^? al>ie -,. *°
«io ail weak \ V (JL) .J. r * 1. °.'
pirtB a n <3 I I \yj& Half Price
driving *.waye-f/| \|L oO»ra made
»ch« andt^3 •£©£ to «!l this
by nuuric t dJSK >' au w »»* th<?
CT-Our new "Book- VX O BEST, you
let No. 2" rive* full IB- ran^, h f Tf
fcmsatlcn.. Free at <t> "Dr. Fierce 0.
flc* or tr.a!l«a to any addrwu- f2L*-V^5*
etamp. Call or adArac* PIKRCE KLJ5C-
TRJO CO.. Mi Broadway talx»»e I6th »t.).
New York. Padftc Court oince. C29 Mar-
kwt rt. (ospoeit* Palace Hotel). San Fran-
cisco.
When writing, kindly mention thU paper.
v DR. CROSSMAN'S
MIXTURE
For the Cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets.
?Stricture* and analogous complaints
. - of ths Ordmns ot O'enerution.
Price fl a botti«. For eal* by Crugclsi*.
Just the overcoat
you want— $^.5O
It is perfectly plain that the more hands any
article passes through the more expensive it be-
comes — each dealer must have his profit and the
consumer must pay for it. When you buy clothes
•here you buy from first hands, the maker's — and
•pay but one fair profit above the actual manufactur-
ing cost.
And, furthermore, in buying your suit'or over-
coat from us at a special price it means a double
saving to you. For example, we now have some
suits and overcoats at $7.50 that were first sold for
$10.00. Even at $10.00' they were good values. We
wanted to close out the suits and cut down the
stock of overcoats, so we reduced them to
lj)/ m^KJ each
The suits~are single and double breasted cheviots, Well
made by union men, very suitable for every-day wear, par-
ticularly during the winter. .
The overcoats are covert box coats, lined with good ma-
terial and union made throughout; they come In three stylish
shades— tan, brown and olive; good overcoats for wear to
arid from business.
Boys' Two=piece Suits
For a short time we are offering boys' two-piece suits in
all-wool Scotch tweed and cheviot at a price that will inter-
est many mothers; the suits from g to 14 years come In plain
double-breasted coats, and from 6 to 10 years in double-
breasted style with a reefer collar trimmed with braid; sale
price • "
ipO. OU each
Baseball outfit free with every boy's suit or overcoat.
Automobile coats, made of. covert, satin lined, to order
for little girls from 3 to 13 years of age; price, $10.00.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
718 Market Street.-Beautiful assortment' of ladles' -gold watches.
Very low prices. Rudolph Barth. Ill Post at. •
:The cheapest postal service In the world
Is' that. of Japan,, where -for 'two sen —
about one' and 1 ¦¦ two-fifths •¦' cents— letters
are conveyed all over the empire". ¦
' ."Watches, Diamonds and Jewelry/ Before bay
ing call on Rudolph '¦ Barth, . 141 Post tL~ " ¦ ? •
.PARIS, Dec. 4. — General Mercier
caused a deep sensation in the Senate
to-day during the debate on the naval bill
by pointing out. the ease with which Eng
land could be Invaded. -He demanded that
the Government introduce Into , the plans
for mobilization of the army the navy
methods for the rapid embarkation and
debarkation of an expeditionary corps.
The President, M. Fallleres, Intervened,
declaring that such proposals were out
of order.
' In the course of an extraordinary
speech General Mercier said:
"In view of the possibility of war with
Great Britain the UEe of the army is not
sufficiently taken Into account. The times
are not the same as they were a hun
dred years ago. Steam, the navy, the tel
egraph and railroad have rendered the
problem of Invasion of England much
easier of solution. Moreover, ¦ England
herself is no longer the same. The Trans
vaal has shown that the British army,
although brave, Is. not equal to the task
which England, expected It : to perform.
The British navy. Is powerful,* but It has
many coasts to defend. .. . ;¦:
"France, therefore, is numerically . Eng
land's equal at certain points, and Is even
her superior in '. the ; instruments '. of de
etruction.,* History furnishes many in
stances -of mutiny in ') the English navy
at^the moment ; x)f. battle.*: A" landing in
England is. therefore, not beyond realiza-
tion. This Is not only my opinion, but
that also of high naval officers. The
British Premier recently expressed signi
ficant fears, and, if the principle of land
ing is admitted, . the practical means of
execution may be decided.
"I venture to think that the work I pre
pared while commanding an army corps
could serve -as', a basis for 'ouch a project
which would not be expensive."
At this point protests were' raised and
M\Fallleres asked General Mercier not to
enter into the details of the scheme. ,
General Mercier, replied. that. the scheme
could be "held over the head of England
like the nword of Damocles,", and ha pro
posed, a resolution that the Senate should
Invite S the Government to complete Imme
diately preparations for the mobilization
of the army and navy by preparing every
thing, necessary to embark and disembark
as rapidly as possible an expeditionary,
corps.' •¦."¦.'
• - Protests • were raised from various
benches and M., de Lenessan Minister of
Marine, ¦'.followed;; the;: President's v ruling
.that the motion was out" of order 'In the
present debate by, declaring, amid cheers,
that the Government could : not possibly
accept it. ¦'^^S^gES^P^^3StSBB0K8S$^Ssd
MAKES 7 FTTN\ 03? MEROTEUL
British 'Journals Treat the General's
Outburst 5 in a ! j Spirit' of Banter.
LONDON,'.. Dec.', 5.— The ' Morning \Fost
seizes the occasion of General Mercier*s
speech In the French Senate yesterday
to criticize the weakness of the British
defense, which, it says, must be attrib
uted to red tape, but the papers gener
ally treat Mercier's outburst in a spirit
of. banter.
"It is an idea worthy of the courageous
soldier who perjured Dreyfus Into a living
grave, and , who, as Minister of War, sat
shivering with terror during a whole
night at the Elysee lest Germany should
declare . war * against France," says the
Daily Chronicle, and most of the morning
papers comment in a similar strain.
The Daily Graphic says: "We trust that
General Mercler's | harangue will awaken
sober public opinion In France to the dan
gers the republic is courting- by. allowing
Nationalist firebrands so! much license."
- The Standard says: ¦¦:- "The i" incident is
rather encouraging ,to- Englishmen who
esteem I and . respect France; : because it
proves that responsible French statesmen
are not disposed to deal equivocally with
proposals having a ; tendency to disturb
the good 'relations between .the powers."
In an Extraordinary Speech Before the Senate He Alludes to Fears Recently Expressed
by Salisbury and Proposes a Scheme to "Hold Over England's Head."
GENERAL MERCIER TELLS HOW EASILY
FRANCE COULD INVADE GREAT BRITAIN
HORRIBLE MURDER
JIYSTEB.Y .IN" PARIS
IHsnuembered Body of a Young Man
Is Found in Some Waste Ground
in Lonely Locality. ¦
PARIS. . Dec. . 4.— A package containing
the severed head, arms and Ieg3 of a
young man has been discovered in some
waste ground near the Rue des Platrlers
at Belleville, and another package, con
taining a disemboweled and otherwise
mutilated trunk, was found in a gateway
on the Rue de Fourbourg St. Denis, a
mile and a half distant. The two dis
coveries apparently connect with the
same ¦• murder, probably committed yes
terda^ from the appearance of the body
when found.
.The tlrst package was deposited late
last night by six men, who were seen
from a dwelling-house opposite. The
crime has caused a great sensation.
AMENDS SUBSIDY BIU«.
Senator Vest Gives Notice of a Num
ber of Changes.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.— Just before the
adjournment of the Senate to-day Senator
-Vest gave, r.ctice of an. amendment that
he will offer to the ship subsidy bill. The
amendment provides for the repeal of
such existing laws "as either prohibit or
restrict citizens of the United States from
purchasing ships built In other countries.
to De used in the foreign carrying trade
of the United States or which impose
taxes/burdens or restrictions on such
ships when owned by American citizens
r h e l Unned Statl^^ 8^ ° n 8^ b^ ln
an addition to the repealing provision
the amendment makes it Iawful^'for all
citizens of the United States to buy ships
built In whole or In. part in any foreign
country and have them registered aa ships
of the Linlted. States." ,
When, so registered these foreign-built
vessels are, under the terms of the amend
ment, to be entitled to all the rights and
subjected to the same regulations as those
governing ships built In the United States
and owned by. citizens of this country. > '
''"-. ,.;• — •
Terry Sends Ultimatum..
NEW "STORK, Dec. 4.— Now **»t tfc* Na- I
President Ballln of the 'Wolff & Zwicker
Company was well pleased at the show-
Ing made by the Goldsborough and thinks
she will prove the speediest vessel built
by. the firm. The final trial trip which is
to decide whether or not the Goldsbor
ough will be accepted by the Government
will be made in about three weeks.
TACOMA. Dec 4,— The torpedo-boat de-
Ftroyer Goldsborough made her first un
official trial trip this morntng and, while
no attempt was made to run a speedy
course, she made a knot run on the Gov
ernment course in the remarkably quick
time of 2 minutes 15 seconds, or at the
rate of 26 2-3 knots per hour.
Boat Destroyer.
Speed Shown by the New Torpedo-
GOLDSBOROXJGH'S TRIAL TRIP.
This decision, from which there Is no
appeal, was written by Judge Temple and
crncurred In by Justices Garoutte, Hen-
Fhaw and Harrison.
The father remained in France and
brought suit for divorce in the French
courts. He was divorced by the foreign
courts and was also given the custody
of the two children.
Some time after he returned to this
country' and the courts were again called
or. to settle the complicated case. The
result of the la.«t legal flght was the
awarding of the custody of the children
to the grandparents.
It was thought that this action would
I>ut an end to the appearance In public
of the De la Montanyas, and for a time
It did. I .....
Th* divorced couple, however, met and
adjusted their differences. The ex-hus
band was fearful, however, of losing his
share of the De la Montanya cash and
wished the fact of the "proposed recon
ciliation kept secret and proposed an
elopement. On May 8. 1S33. the couple
went to Xana and were quietly married,
thus, as It was hoped, putting an end to
their troubles.
bating the divorce, moved that the judg
rr.c-nt be s<=t aside in the Fult for the cus
tody of the children and for permanent
fcaaintqanc* and a!*o that portion of the
diwroe case awarding the custody of the
children and alimony. The reason of
fered was that the defendant being ab-
K«at from the State, the' court had 'no
Jurisdiction to award alimony or the cus
tody of the children, especially as the
ctHldrea were a!«> out of the State.
This w»p the rr-mmencement of one of
the strongest c*.s*s th" courts of the
Btate had wltmssed fnr many years. Ar
rayed on the Fide of the wife were such
famous lawyers as Oarbt-r. Boa It &
JMshop. E. TavJor. Carroll Cook ana her
lather. ex-Judge fiprncer.
Judge Slack awarded the victory to the
vife. Dom & i)orn then went to the Su
r»tem*» Court end the Supreme Court pus
i.ilnrii the position of thr* counsel for the
husband in every particular and rendered
Up judgment accordingly— that the order
ox the lower court be "reversed and the
¦:-ial oaaw remarried, with directions to
the lower court to grant appellant's mo
t'on t« vacate the portions of the decree
<bject,dto."
APPEAL TO STJPBEME COURT
Ortega's Counsel Continues the Fight
for His Freedom.
SAN JOSE. DeCn 4.-The conviction nt
"Jfirk" Ortesa, Ihf? assailant of Grace
Oarnble. will be tested i n the Supreme
<'ourt on a writ of habeas corpus; To
ray Judpe Lorlgan granted hl» attorneys
h stay «>f fifteen da;s> In order to prepare
tn appeal. It is saM tne validity of the
If* bcn'ence will be attacked.. Hlscoun
r'i claim that the sentence is not definite
• rough. In that no regular term Is pro
vided and the prisoner will thus be de
f rlv^d cf credits for pood behavior. The
fame point that was raised before Judge
Jthodes here yesterday, in reratlon to a
commitment from the city Justice court.
LATROBB, Pa., Dec. 4.— A riot occurred
here to-day at the works of the Bessemer
Coal and Coke Company. Three. Deputy
Sheriffs were injured,, and as a result the
borough prison Is full of strikers. The in
jured are: Deputy A. K. Baker, ribs
broken; Deputy David Delrick, badly
bruised; Deputy Logan, badly bruised.
It appears that a mob of 600 excited min
ers who are striking came to the works
last night, hooting- and Jeering, and pro
ceeded to camp there, building a bonfire
and then making" a demonstration by
blowing rishhorns and insulting passers
by. Superintendent R. I* Martin, accom
panied by E. P. Dayton, a superintendent
of one of the company's works in the
Connellsville region, was threatened by
the mob, and Mr. Dayton came here and
made an information against some of the
strikers, who were held in $500 bail.
This was the start of the trouble. Late
in the night fighting broke out. Sheriff
May came to the scene of the disturbance
and soon had the injured cared, for and
ten strike leaders locked up in the bor
ough jail, charged with riot and aggra
vated ¦ assault. - The men are striking
against the adoption by the company of
the Connellsville scale. Further trouble is
expected. - '
ftiot Occurs at the Works of
the Bessemer Goal
Company.
STRIKERS ATTACK
DEPUTY SHERIFFS
Continued From Pag« 1.
TWICE WEDDED WIFE SEEKS DIVORCE.
tiocal Sporting Club of London has con
vinced Terry McGovern it will not accede
'to his demands to hang up a purse of
$5000 for a contest between Ben Jordan
and himself. Terry Is willing to compro
mise and face Jordan in England if th«
foreign club will otter $4000 for the milL
Joe Humphreys, who represents McGov
ern. says McGovern will not make the
trip unless he receives a $4000 purse.
£>y|-53HE fruit-growers of the State as
1 sembled in convention* In Pioneer
I Hall had a lively, time at their first
J| two sessions yesterday. There were
were frult-groxrers present from
every part of the State. President EHwood
Cooper, who has been the leader of Fix
teen annual conventions, was in the chair,
and Secretary I^elong attended to the reg
istration of names. Professor Wickson of
the University cf California occupied the
position of vice president and also oblig
ingly acted as reading clerk.
About 300 fruit-growers -were present.
Chairman Cooper opened the proceedings
by Introducing Rev. Dr. Willey, who of
fered prayer. Then Mr. Cooper delivered
his annual address. He welcomed those
present and spoke at some length. He had
several recommendations to offer. These
were that 1 per cent of the gross sales of
deciduous fruits should be set r a6ide to
provide for a depot in the East for the
better handling of the fruits of California;
that the Legislature should be Invited to
appropriate $10,000 for two years to con
tinue the work of investigating insect
pests and how to combat them; that a
State bureau should be suggested to the
Legislature, with power to prosecute per
sons who violate pure-food laws; that
eome legislation should be had to prevent
the Belgian hare from becoming a pest;
that the Park Commissioners and the
State Board of Trade should be asked to
co-operate to bring the famous obelisk
that stood 1500 years at Heliopolls and 1900
years at Alexandria, and now is in Central
Park, New York, to Golden Gate Park.
The hieroglyphics on the obelisk are chip
ping on* and Mr. Cooper thought that the
California climate would preserve the
precious historical and scientific relic.
W. H. Mills delivered an address on
"The Economy of Production and Its In
fluence on Fruit-Growing." Speaking of
the fruits of New Jersey that were sent
to Paris fcr exhibition, he said that they
reminded him of the Btory of the Garden
of Eden and the injunction to the first
parents of men: "In the day that ye eat
ye shall surely die." He illustrated the
Influence of fruit-growing upon the popu
lation of California. In ten years the In
crease of population south of Tehachapi
In the citrus fruit counties he said had
been B2 per cent. Fruit-growing had set
tled 50,000 in Santa Clara County and
Charles ChriFtlan Thompson, a collector
f^r th<- Pacific Sailors' Union, wae held
vp, brutally beaten, stabbed and robbed
cf a large gum of money on the water
Jront by two unknown thugs last evening.
Ihs crime occurred shortly after 6 o'clock.
1 he collector was flrt-t stabbed in the
ripfct thigh, then beaten to insensibility
and J12& taken from hSs pockets. He was
trt-au-d at the Harbor Receiving Hospital
• nd was later taken to his home, 127 South
J'i>rk.
According to the ftory told by Thomp
*on to the police, Jie was walking rn th«»
chsdews of the coal bunkers on Main
Street when he observed that he was bc
infc followed by a man whom he describes
*» bring young, tall, well dressed and
vr-f-.rir.K a ilrht overcoat. He turned and
confronted the 6tranger, and when he
tsk'-d him his business the latter attacked
him with a knife. The robber drove the
blade of the weapon Into Thompson's
rignt thigh, and before the sailor could
make any resistance a second thug came
up from behind and commenced beating
him on the head.
Thompson says the first blows stunned
him and he soon sank to the ground, then
lapsed Into insensibility. He recovered
consciousness some time later, and when
h*> lid fo found that $113 which he carried
fit the time of the assault had been stolen
from Mm. A wp.tc-h in one of his vest
pockets, however, remained untouched.
Thompson was conveyed to the Harbor
Receiving Hospital, where his wounds
were dressed lie is not able to give the
rollce any description of the second man
who attackc-d him, as ths' latter ap
proached from behind. Detectives axe
working on the case and expect to land
the bold highwaymen.
additional commissioners' salaries. XU.51I:
rents. $21,533: flags and bunting, for dec
orations, 17017; traveling expenses of of3
cers, eta, $52,520; freight. J13.57S; signs and
decorations. $11,990; furniture, O1.&2; of
ficial catalogues In English, IVench and
German. $14,069; building, etc.. $131,427;
facades around exhibition buildings. $33.
9&9; telegraph and cable, $7233; postage.
$1235; showcases, $29,683; contingent ex
penses, $20,000; cameras. $223; photographs,
mounting negatives and photographs.
$c£90; maps and book.-'. $12SO; cab, omnibus.
car and carriage hire, $5318; office sup
plies, $1365; newspapers and clippings,
$1S29; rent of typewriters and supplies.
$1210; bronze lion. 113.
Peck's critics are inclined to regard the
item regarding tha bronze Kon as one- of
the most modest in the list and raise no
objection to it. though they do not know
what use he rnada of it.
There are also criticisms of Peck for ac
cepting and adornlru? himself witn dec
orations from the French Government be
fore Congress has, by proper legislation
granted him permission to accept foreign
decorations.
"WASHINGTON, Dec 4^-IMreetor Gen
eral Peck has more trouble before him.
His last report of expenditures is found
to be open to the Bame criticism as the
first report — that he does not make an
itemized report, as provided by law. Peck
Quotes the law in the introduction to his
report and then says in accordance with
this provision he sends an Itemized ex
pense account for the year ending No
vember 15, 1300. His items, however, run
up into the thousands, and his critics In
Congress are not satisfied when they see
nearly 17000 set down as expenses for cab
hire, omnibus and streetcar fares, and
more than that sum for telegraph and
cable tolls.
. Director General Peck reports his total
expenditures for the year as (939,465 0-,
ana in his account of these expenditures
eome of his items are. as follows: Salary
cf guards, $34,951; salaries of jurors. $53,
478; salaries of exports, $147,604; salanea
of clerks, 163,145; pay of general employes
and laborers, $49,955: cfllcers' salaries, $18.
500; commissioners' salaries, $26,590; ad
ditional commissioners' salaries, $25,530;
Charles Thompson Stabbed by One Thug, Attacked by
Anoiher From Behind and Beaten Into Insensibility.
HIGHWAYMEN WOUND AND ROB
SAILOR ON THE WATER FRONT
• To-day the ladles of the convention will
take steps to form an auxiliary associa
tion. : The convention hall : is filled with
exhibits of fruit and apparatus, used in
horticulture, .which gives it a very pleas
lug look. '¦. ;¦:'
Theo Kearney of Fresno, John Swett of
Martinez. Alfred Barstow of San Jose.
J. F. Bogue of Marysville. and G.-P. Hall
were appointed a committee on resolu
tions, and E. M. Ehrhorn of Santa Clara,
Alexander Gordon of Fresno, John Swett
of Martinez. R. D. Stephens of Sacramento
and John Roberts of Madera were named
as a committee to consider the recom
mendations In President .Cooper's ad
dress. : ¦ ".
'¦' Russ D. Stephens submitted resolu
tions suggesting that the Government
forest reservations should be made a
source of income. •
The length of time in transit detract* from
the value of fruit, and Irregularity tends to
demoralize markets; for instance, I shipped a
car of Bartlett pears from Bulsun to Cleve
land, Ohio, on July 11 of this year and a
similar car to the same place on the 14th.
Both cars were received and sold on Thurs
day, the 26th, following:, one car being fifteen
days and the other twelve days on the road.
Both were reported over-rlp« and in poor con
dition, and sold accordingly. The receipt of
the fruit in such an irregular manner caused
two cars to be sold on the same day when
they Bhould have been sold three, days apart.
The length of .time required In transit caused
the fruit to be . exposed for sale In an over
ripe condition necessitating its immediate use,
and it had to be sold to seddlers and the like,
which always means low prices. • Many cars
of fruit that, were sold f. o. b. to outside Kast
ern points were -rejected simply, on account of
being overripe. These were generally diverted
to the auction rooms and helped to still further
fieprees the market. These are only instances
all shippers have had the same experiences; in
fact it was. the general experience this year.
They -servs to illustrate the point 1 wleh to
make which Is the necessity of quicker trans
portation and a . schedule time for the ship
ment of our fresh fruits. • • • Apparently
there was no effort made to favor the shipment
of perishable fruits, for at the time we re
ceived some of our poorest service we had-cars
of dried arricots d>ll\-ered in New York in
thirteen days. We have had no reduction In
freight rates since. 18S7. and while the enormous
Increase of shipments of green fruit would
«eem to have warranted a reduction ere this,
growers and shippers generally, I think, would
waive the discussion of that subject if they
could ' be assured of an expedited service and
schedule time. . > „
- Alden Anderson i read an address upon
"The- Necessity. •¦ of an Expedited ".Fruit
Service for Eastern Fruit Shipments."
He reviewed the history of deciduous
fruit transportation to the East and
scored the transportation lines. He said:
Rus3 D. Stephens of Sacramento re
ported for the 1 committee on transporta
tion. The report consisted of a letter ad
dressed to William Sproule in which an
explanation of the slow moving of de
ciduous fruits to the East was asked for
and complaint was made of the 26,000 min
imum carload for green deciduous fruits;
also of an answer from Mr. Sproule. In
the answer Mr. Sproule said that the ser
vice was not as satisfactory as tho South
ern Pacific Company would like to give.
Heavy volume of tonnage during the sea
son, the Chinese crisis with its demand
for transportation and the movement of
great quantities of coal were mentioned
as reasons for the inability of the rail
road people to have done any better.
delay wat in his opinion without cause or
reason. It did not require reorganization
nor another competing* line nor Govern
ment ownership to restore a tlmecard.
"In fairness the railroad companies
should do this and without any great
amount of knoe-bending on the part of
the growers and shippers of California,"
he said.
*
Fresno's Increase in ten years in popula
tion was 80 per cent of the entire -Increase
of the San Joaquln Valley.
Mr. Mills discussed the chances for ad
vertising California fruits at the Pan-
American Exposition, to be held at «uf-»
falo next year. There would be an at
tendance of from 60,000 to 100,000 per day.
California has been offered a large share
of the space In the Horticultural build
ing. He had corresponded with W. I.
Buchanan, director general at Buffalo,
concerning the concession for selling
preen fruit on the Exposition grounds.
The Buffalo people were willing to let the
concession to a firm or to an individual,
but would not agree that California fruit
alone, should be sold. Mr. Mills courted
the opportunity to have fruit grown in
other. States sold beside the California
fruit for purposes of comparison. Mr.
Mills said that California fruit can be laid
down in European countries cheaper than
it can be growiv there. . Distribution is
the only problem. The NicA-raguan Canal
and water transportation would pive Cali
fornia the markets of the world for fruit
Vice President Wickson moved a vote of
thanks to Mr. Mill's, which was adopted.
Rusb D. Stephens of Sacramento moved
the appointment of committees upon mar
keting, transportation, legislation and
resolutions, to which the convention
agreed.
Edward Berwick of Monterey read a let
ter from Mrs. Jane L. Stanford, thanking
the Fruit-growers' Association for reso
lutions adopted by the association last
year after a visit to Stanford University.
The afternoon was given to reports of
committees and discussions. President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler was announced to
read a paper, but he did not appear. The
general topic of the afternoon was the
review of the year's fruit shipments, dis
tribution, transportation and freight rates
and marketing fruit and fruit products.
The discussion grew out of the reports
and led td the appearance on the floor of
William Sproule of the Southern Pacific
Company, who explained to the fruit
growers the reasons given by the rail
road people for the slow moving of de
ciduous fruits to the Eastern market. He
also promised the convention that he
would take up, with Eastern railroad men,
personally, next February and March, the
matter of giving better service. He put
the blame on the Eastern lines. The con
vention gave him the compliment of a
rising vote of thanks when he had con
cluded his remarks, most of which were
In response to questions asked by fruit
growers. .
H. Weinstock of .Sacramento reported
concerning the season'* operations of the
California Fruit Growers and Shippers'
Association. On the whole the results of
the season's shipment was disappointing
because of poor packing, particularly of
the- plum crop, the time consumed <\n
transportation, the very large crop of
Eastern fruit, the telegraphing all over
the world that bubonic rlafrue was here
and the poor keeping qualities of the fruu
this year resultant upon several seasons
of 'drought. He recommended 'that fruit
growers sh Mild insist upon having the
transportation to Eastern points next sea
son in the time made in previous years
seven days. to Chicago ana adjacent cities,
nine days to New York and adjacent
cities, ten days to Boston and Montreal.
• William B. Gester of Placer County re
ported concerning the marketing of fresh
fruit In the East. He dwelt upon the de
lay during the past season to fresh fruit
in transit. The loss amounted to many
thousands of dollars to the growers. The
PECK'S BILL AMOUNTS
TO NEARLY A MILLION
Failing to Itemize Big Expenditures the Director General
Is Criticized
Special Dispatch to The CalL
THE JTKUIT GROWERS INSPECT
COTJNTRT FTtODTJCTS AND SAN
FRANCISCO'S "PEACHES.- .
ARTHUR DE BRUHL, eon of W. J.
de Bruhl. local manager for Ar
buckle Brothers, the coffee mer
chants, is missing and detectives
are trying to r.nd the young man
for his anxious parents. It is rumored
that an ii-.fatuaUon for a dashing young
Stockton woman is the cause of his dis
appearance.
Young de Bruhl is employed with Leon
ard & Ellis, lubricating oil refiners of 41S
Kront Ftreet, as an assistant bookkeeper.
A Tx-f-c-k ago last Saturday be secured a
leave of absence for a few davs on the
pretext that he intended going down into
fcanta Clara County with a chum on a
hunting- trip. When the time for him to
rttL.ru had passed and he did not appear.
*.i* father became uneasy and began to
invesiicate. casually at first and then
with more system as the mystery deep
ened. The young man's whereabouts Is
•Uil ur.kn«.tin and d. tecilves are search
ing (iilipentiy for him in Saa Francisco,
Elockton and the towns of Sania Clara
Count'-.
The young bookkeeper is only 19 years
old. liis parents live at present at the
Granaca. WOO Gutter street, where they
lately movfd fr«>in a fayhionabie Bush
*tr»-H family hotel. They are wr-11 known
in society and Arthur is the elder of two
s -«)i.j i:.(f idol of nis father and
nioth*r. A year ago his father secured
: : .m the position with Leonard & Ellis.
I'iannir.g to have- him acquire a practical
kr.owlecjre cf business life- as preparation
tor ( n.inrction later with the lirm of Ar
boekle Brothers in a more responsible
position.
J> Bruhl Junior is a young man of
phasing; manner and happv-go-lucky dis
poftltioa that soon won for him the frien<l
ehip of his associates in the Front-street
hou.-*-. He was looked upon as a fortun
*.!•=• young man who would be able to suc
ceed and rise in the commercial world
with only a modicum of effort on account
of th* potency of his father's Influence.
But he was genial and companionable
and won the gr»od will of his lets fortun
ate fellow-employes.
The house of Leonard & Ellis has a
2< Deroos way with the men in its office,
fend if ocraslonally on<» of them desirus
a ff-w days' leave of absence it is granted
readily, and if the employe stretches the
few -Jays into a week and comes back
«rflUnj{ l« take up the routine of his work
after a brief gambol along the primrose
path they ask no question?, but reinstate
him readily in their good graces.
When young De Bruhl did not return
at the appointed time and his father sot
on foot an inquiry, it was found that he
had not gone to the Santa Clara County
ranch where he had pretended he was
going, and his parents at once became
very much worried over his absence.
De Bruhl consulted with F. J. Finch,
manager for Leonard & Ellis, and was
assured that his eon's accounts with the
lirm were perfectly straight. The young
man had occasionally made collections
considerable in amount, but an examina
tion of his books showed that there was
not the slightest discrepancy anywhere,
at any rate bo far a* could be discovered
tor the time.
Some of The associates of young De
Bruhl, it Is said, knew of an infatuation
which had taken possession of him for a
dashing young Stockton woman. It is
rumored that he found favor in her eyes
in spite of hiB extremely youthful appear
ance, on account of her belief that he. had
money to burn in large rolls, with a fat
bank account to draw upon and with
rosf-ate prospects for the future.
As a result of this knowledge search is
being conducted for the missing youth
in Siockton and neighboring towns as well
as In the Santa Clara Valley towns and
in Han Francisco. He stayed one night
at a downtown hotel and then disap
r«-arp<l. a day ahead of the sleuths that
were on his trail. It is thought probable
that he is in some lodging-house in San
Francisco, leaving the pleasures of the
liunt to the detectives who are after him.
"The young man will turn up alp right,"
Manager Kinch of Leonard & Ellis, said
yesterday afternoon. "We are not worry
ing about him. He has been a steady,
trustworthy employe, and his position is
dik-n to him when he shall return. It is
nothing more than a boyish escapade,
which, of course. 1b causing his father
Hnd mother no end of anxiety, but he will
come out of It all right. Woman in the
rase? Oh, no, that is scarcely probable.
The boys who know him are making all
kind? of g-uess.es. but none of them know
anything tangible."
Some- of. the fellow-employes of young
De Bruhl are inclined to scout the Stock
ton woman theory. They say that he
probably got tired of the drudgery of
bookkeeper and took the mysterious dis
appearance method of securing a good
r«n and possibly arrangements for the
future" more to his liking.
onires by choosing a chairman and sec
retary and appointing tellers. The bal
lots, specially engraved, will be cast in
due form first for President and second
for Vice President In accordance with
law the announcement of the result will
be made, and in the presence of the
throng the Electors will a£3x their signa
tures respectively to the certificates.
The impression prevails that Samuel M.
Shortridge will be chosen to convey the
official record from California and trans
mit it to the President of the Senate at
Washington. D. C. An excellent opportu
nity for making a few patriotic and in
spiring remarks will here be presented 19
the eloquent Elector-at-Large and It h©
fails to avail himself of it the audience
will be In a maze of disappointment and
surprise. Mr. Shortrldge will probably
bear the official message from California
to the national capital. While in the Sen
ate chamber na messenger from the Gold
en State he may survey the scene* of
greatness. Incidentally cast his eyes over
Senator Perkins' desk and wonder if It
will ever become the home of eloquence.
It may be on the programme at Sacra
mento on January 14 for the Postmaster
of that city to be present and receive th«
duly sealed package of returns which, the
law directs to b*. deposited In tha postof
flce. Surely one of the Electors will be
commissioned to convey to Judge da Ha
ven the duly attested record, which, the
law says must be filed In the United
States District Court.
The law- designates so plainly what must
be dome and the manner of doing it that
there is ample bcop© for introducing every
Elector to the public
Time is auspicious for a departure from
the old perfunctory style ox casting tho
vote, as California has Just come forward
with a Republican majority of 40,000.
The prophets of calamity may tee In tha
forecast of the ceremony evil signs of Im
perialism, but the Republican State Com
mittee has no thought of proclaiming- tha
empire. - .
Event Takes Place January 14 — Governor
and Other State Officers to
Participate.
THE . Presidential Electors who
wer« chosen at tba general elec
tion November t to cast Califor
nia's nine votes in -th« Electoral
College for William McKlnley.
President, and Theodore Roosevelt, Vice
President or the United States, will as
aemjble at Sacramento on January 14, 190L
The Republican State Central Committee,
at the suggestion of J. Steppacher, assist
ant secretary, is preparing a programme
of Interesting ceremonies for the occasion.
I ' It has long been the custom for Electors
to meet In the Supreme Court room of the
State Capitol and In a perfunctory manner
cast the vote for President and Vice Pres
ident, sign the documents required, elect
a messenger and then leave town as if
the business in- hand was of no more im
portance than that which concerns a com
mon committee meeting. A similar cus
tom seems to prevail In every. State of the
Union. '
The Republican State Committee now
Sroposes to introduce ceremonies of a pub
o and patriotic character in honor or the
event and to invite representative Call
fornians to assemble at the State Capitol
and participate in the. exercises. The As
sembly Chamber is to be decorated for the
special occasion. The programme will
provide for short addresses, vocal and in
strumental music. A time will be desig
nated for the Electors to assemble in the
Capitol and in the presence of the public
cast the vote of California for McKlnley
and Rooeevelt
It 1b contemplated that the Governor of
the State, the Lieutenant Gcvernor. the
President pro tempore or the Senate, the
Speaker oz the Assembly, the Secretary of
State and the nine Presidential Electors
shall occupy conspicuous positions in full
view of the audience. The Governor will
probably make a short address, setting
forth tha purpose of th* meeting.
The Electors will organize as the law re-
Republican State Committee Arranges for
Public Exercises at Sac
ramento.
PLANS FOR MEETING OF
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTORS
Leaving a Week Ago Saturday on Pretext
of Hunting Trip He Fails to
Return.
I * " .
Rumor That Infatuation for a Married Wo
man of Stockton Is at Bottom of
Escapade.
YOUNG ARTHUR DE BRUHL
MISSING FOR TEN DAYS
THE SA^ T FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1900.
In Conveotloira They Receive Reports That Score Roads
for Loss Dine to Smaifs Pace, 'M
FRUIT-GROWERS ARE SEEKING
A BETTER FREIGHT SERVICE
4
- r l.V : j ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.
OUR RECORD.
Twenty years' success in caring
weakness anil dlsea«es of men.
OUR GUARANTEE.
Xo pay required till patients are
convinced that they are cured.
Oldest, Largest and Best Equipped
Medical Institute and Most
Extensive Practice.
Founded Nearly 20 Tears Ago. Con-
sultation Free at Office
or by Mail.
Our treatment gives vim. vigor, vt-
• tallty, strength and ambition to weak
ana despondent men. young or old.
married or ample, regardless °t * h «
cause of their trouble. We master
wasting w»aknw». unnatural drain*,
losses, etc.. quickly and permanently.
WE ALSO CURB:
Special and Contracted Diseases,
including Contagious Boad Poison.
Stricture. Varicoceie. Hydrocefe.
Rupture, Piles, Diseases of the
¦ Kidney, Spine, Bladder, etc.
PAY WHEN WELL.
Any one douMinsr our ability and
wishing to test our methods, remedies
and appliances' may deposit the price
of cure in any bank in San Fran-
cisco. IF A CURE IS NOT EF-
FECTED IN A REASONABLE
TIME THE CAN'K WILL RETURN T
THE MONEY. Payment* may ba
made in monthly installments If pre-
ferred. Prices reasonable, alike to
rich and poor.
HOME CURES.
I Our home cure system is marvel-
ously successful. If you cannot visit
San Francisco Write us In confidence
and we will send you. sealed, by
mall, a booklet which contains a val-
uable treatise on all disease and
weaknesses of men, and a great deal
oX other valuable Information.
ELEVATOR Hour*. 8 to S dally
ENTRANCE tS^^Sxt
721 Market St.
I fj\ ¦' San Francisco.
* - 4-
, "' '^J~~__
/-»——- I 'in *Si
\ Because at $500 the pair they are reasonable in price — then, s
I too. their prevent colds and coughs, which are expensive
I things. . . -¦' ,.
With ABSOLUTELY WATERPROOF LEATHER.
CORK SOLES and a COiMELY APPEARANCE, aren't
they a BARGAIN?
Made bv BUCKINGHAM & HECHT; sold only at
738-740 Market Street, San Francisco.
Mail Orders filled — Address Department O.OPENING OF THE
INDUSTRIAL CONVENTION
Session Called to Order by President
HargTave With a Large At
tendance Present.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 4.— The South
ern Industrial Convention opened here to
day with a fine attendance. The conven
tion is a representative one, embracing
men In ever}- walk of Industrial life In the
South and including delegates not only
Irom the South, but from every section of
the country.
"Qie convention was called to order by
President H. H. Hargrave. Governor
Heard delivered the address of welcome.
General John B. Gordon of Georgia de
livered an address. *.
The committee on organization set forth
the objects of the association to be to
promote the industrial development of the
tsouth: to beeome an agency for gather
ing and disseminating' data regarding the
resources «.f the South; to aid in organiz
ing and maintaining commercial organiza
tions or business clubs throughout the
South, a.r:U in general to become the
ir»dium for stimulating the people of the
Southern States to greater effort.* toward
manufacturing their raw materials ' on
their owu soii aii<l also to seek to Interest
capital to Invest in the South and set
tlers to come to the Southern States.
KILLED IN PHILIPPINES
BY REBEL FILIPINOS
General Mac Arthur Sends Latest List
of Casualties to the Troops.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— The following
casualty list was received at the War
Department to-day from General Mac-
Arthur at Manila:
Killed— November 30, PJlar, Luzon. Com
pany A. Thirty-sixth Infantry. Cornelius
J. Leahy.
Wounded— Company H, Thirty-sixth In
fantry, Samuel A. Roberts, wounded in
arm. serious: Company F, Thirty-sixth
Infantry. VIric Jusseuame, wounded in
• Lriomen. serious; Company K, Thirty-
Sixth Infantry. Frank Hllllker, groin,
moderate: Company L. Thirty-sixth In
fantry, Courtney Morris, thigh, wounded
Jn leg above knee, slight; Company 1,
Thirty-sixth Infantry. Emerson Flaus
bcrp. wounacd in lesj. slight; Company G,
Thirty-sixth Infantry. Charles Clark.
Ooundc.i in foot, plight: Company H.
Thirty-sixth Infantry, John G. Kortz,
woundc-J in arm. serious; Company I,
Thirty-sixth Infantry, Albert Padesgy,
w«. undid in ieg above krw?e, slight.
¦ Killed— November 21. San Vicente.
I.uzcn. Company L, Forty-fifth Infantry.
George R. W'hl tiler.
•JHN L. STODDARD IS
SUED FOR DIVORCE
tfife cf the Famous Lecturer and
Traveler Alleges That She Was
Deserted.
BOSTON. Dec. 4.— John L. Stoddard. the
famous traveler and lecturer, is defend
ant In a *-"uit for divorce. The suit has
been filed in the East Cambridge Court
h"us« j»ird Mrs. Mary H. Stoddard, the
jilaintiff, chargt-s desertion and non-sup-
Irt.
The papers In the case Bet forth that
Mrs. Stf.ddard was married at Bangor,
jjp,, gndei th.» name <if Mary H. Brown,
D'cpmrier 24. 1P77, and that she and her
husband iivod in Brooklyn and Boston,
living together as man and wife the last
time In tJoston. She represents that she
has b*-en faithful to her marriage vows,
but that hf wholly deserted her in Sen
tcrnber. l£30, and has continued to do so
up to date of th*» filing of the suit. Since
thrn Mrs. Stoddard has lived In Boston.
¦\Velle?ley and Newton. One child. Theo
dore L., now 17, wa-s the result of the
unlnn. and the plaintiff asks that the cus
tody of the child during his minority and
B reasonable amount of alimony be grant
ed her.
WOMAN AND CHILD
MAY DIE OF BTJBNS
,*U>ther Tries to Light a Fire With
Coal Oil and an Explosion
Results.
OMAHA. Nebr., Dec. I.— Mrs. Louise
pcr-nor. aged 25 years,. the wife of Henry
Pcnner, who Is a clerk in the carpet de
rartm'nt at the Boston store and who
?ives at J014 Charles street, was probably
/atally burned this forenoon while Btart
tnc a tiro with kerosene. Mrs. Penner
loured the oil in '.he kitchen stove while
?t-r babv'trss near by. An explosion fol
iwed inveiopimr both the woman and
I thy In flames. Mnj. Penner was burned
I cm head to toot and her condition is re-
Nrded as critical. The baby may re
i.*ver.
VHRhbors who heard Mm. Penner's
J Tcanr.s for help appeared and quenched
/ae flames, which had entirely consumed
ihe woman's clothes.
TWO MEN MTTRDEBED NOT
FAB rotOM LABAJHE
Greek Laborer In a Quarrel Shoots a
Miner and an Unknown Italian
Is Also Killed.
SALT. LAKE. Utah. Dec. 4.— A special
to the Tribune from Laramle, Wyo., says.
two men wen murdered last night at Tie
hiding, two miles from this city. Thomas
pr.Tiin. 1 GreeJi laborer, shot- and', killed
Thrrr:: Bracken, a miner. Romln Iiad
quarreled with L. F. McFadden and
thrr-atpned to shoot him. but by mistake
ehot Bracken. Itomln 1b in Ja.il. charged
r.-ith murder. An unknown Italian laborer ,
r.-av sh.-t and Killed in the mum to«Ult#
Sy unknown parlitf* . . j
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. d*c 4. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind XE, velocity II miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS. '.
COOS BAY-KiVrrived Dec »-Stmr Empire, hn:
Dec 1.
Sailed Dec 4— Stmr Arcata, for Ban Fran
ciseo. \
EUREKA— Arrived' Deo. 4— Stmr Brunswick,
hence D*c S.
Sailed Dec 4— Stmr laqua, for San Pedro;
etrnr. Eureka, for San Francisco.
SAN" DIEGO— Sailed Dec 3— Br stmr Robert
Adamson, for Nanaimo. ¦ -
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dee 1— Schr Zam
pa, hence Nov 22; echr Lettitla. hence Xov IS.
Dec 4-Stmr Sipnal, from Tacoma.
TACOMA-Salled Dec 4-Schr Alice, for San
Pedro.
ASTORIA— Balled Dec 4— Stmr Geo W Elder,
for San Francisco. * • ¦
SEATTLE— Sailed' Dec 4— Ship Isaac Reed,
for San Francfisco.
Arrived 'Dec 4-Stmr Farallon. from Alaska.
Sailed Dec <— Stmr Bertha, for Valdea.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Dec 4— Stmr Rival, for
San Francisco.
COQUILLB RIVER— Sailed Dec 4— Schr Con
fianza, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
. QUEEXSTOWN— Arrived Dec 4— Ger ship
Ricel. from Portland. Or.
GALWAY— Arrived Dec 3— Br ship Elmhurst.
hence July 19
SHANGHAI— Arrived Dep S-Br bark Andro
medn. from New York.
SYDNEY— Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Alamedn. for
San Kranclsco.
TS1XGTOU— Arrived Xov 30— Ger etmr Vero
na, hence Oct 2S.
FALMOUTH-Arrived Dec 3-Br ihlp Lizzie
Bell, from Oregon; Br ship Lord Elgin, hence
July 31.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 2— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
DURHX-Arrived Dec 2— Br ship Haddon
Ha!l. from Tacoma. .
Sailed Dec 2— Br stmr Acanthus, for
" ANTOFOOAPTA- Arrived Dec 4— Schr Jarne*
Rolrh. from Port Hadlock.
VICTORIA— Sailed Xov :$-Br bark Elizabeth
Nicholson, fcr Shanghai.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QCEEXSTOWN- Arrived Deo 4— Stmr Ocean
ic, from New York.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Dec 4— Stmr Kaleer
Wilhelra II. from Genoa, and Naples. -
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 4— Stmr Cymric, for
Liverpool.
QTJEEXSTOWX— Arrived Dee 4 — Stmr Ulto
nla. from- Boston, for , Liverpool.
LIZARD— Parsed Dec 5, 2: SO a m— Stmr Pre
toria, from New York, -for Hamburg.
Steamer. Movements.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— Forty cases In the
pesthouse on North Brothers Island, one
new case In the Infected district on the
West Side and two deaths to date was
the condition of the smallpox outbreak
as reported by the Board of Health to
day. None of the officials took, any com
fort from the fact that but one new case
developed to-day as against - eight on
Monday, for the dlsoase has overleaped
the ¦ bounds to which they had tried to
confine It In the neighborhood of "all
nations block" In West Sixty-ninth street
where It started. They are now satisfied
that they will have many new cases to
deal with. . I . •
SMALLPOX SPREADS
BEYOND QUARANTINE
The association made a request for rates
from the Short Line and. also from the
Southern Pacific, the proposed route over
the latter system being from Salt Lake
City to Sacramento, then down the valley
through the land of Big Trees to Los An
geles and from there either East by the
southern line or return to Salt Lake by
way of the coast route and San Fran
cisco.
The decision of the Southern Pacific Is
expected In a few days.
SALT LAKE CITY, Dec. 4.— General
Passenger Agent D. E. Burley*of the
Oregon Short Line to-day granted the ap
plication of the transportation committee
of the National Livestock Association for
an excursion rate to Portland and will an
nounce a rate of $31 50 for the round trip,
which will In all probability include sev
eral side trips to points of interest along
the line.
Recent Request Made by the
Association.
Oregon Short Line Complies "With the
LOW RATE GRANTED TO
LIVESTOCK CONVENTION
THE Alaska Commercial Company's
sldewheel towbbat Saidie returned
from Alaska yesterday. She' has
been gone. nearly three years and
would now have been wintering at
St. Michael had not the Ice shut her out.
Last winter the Saidie tied up at Un
alaeka. This reason all the supplies and
repair machinery for the vessel were sent
to St. Michael, the intention being to
winter the vessel at tbat point.
The sidewheeler was detained at Cape
Nome for- several weeks and when she
got near St. Michael the Ice had formed
and she could not get in. At Unalaska
phe secured a supply of. coal and came
on to San Frajiclsco. She will be over
hauled here and return to St. Michael in
the spring.
The Saidie is named after the wife of
L. G«rstle of the Alaska Commerci:i:
Company and Is one of the handsomest
sldewheel towboats in the world. She Is
built of steel and has the most powerful
machinery, besides drsl-class accommo
dations for the crew.
. — •
MAIL STEAMER AUSTRALIA.
Liner Gets Away for Tahiti on Her
New Bun.
There was not a biK crowd down to see
the Australia away on her second run to
Papeete, the capital of Tahiti, yesterday.
The passenger list was not as large as
expected, but freight had to be refused
because the ship was loaded to the limit.
When the pleasures of a trip to Tahiti
are fully understood. by the "globe-trot
ters" there will be a mtw rush to this par
adise In the sunset sea.
Quiet Day on the Front.
Between sunrise I and sunset yesterday
onlv two vessels made their way through
the" Golden Gate. They were the Brit
ish steamer Victoria, from Oyster ' Har
bor with a cargo of coal, and the Ameri
can schooner , Newark, from Bowens
Landing. The steamer Mexico sailed fur
Mexican ports' with 1 a full cargo and a
large passenger list. In spite of cut rates
made by. the regular line the opposition
boat filled and Captain von Helms says
he will run . her "until the .last, doe is
hung." ' ,
Water Front Notes.'
James Fay. a water front rounder, at
tempted to make a rough house on.tlr;
steamer Homer .ye-steriiay. The .cook of
the vessel hit him with a cleaver and
Fay had to get a scalp' wound dressed at
the Harbor Hospital.
J. Moore, working at 1015 Battery, street,
had his finger taken off in a hoisting ma
chine. The wound was .dressed by Dr.
Dorr at the Harbor Hospital.
Mrs. A. Woodcock, who lives at 22 Fifth
street, was knocked tlown by a Market
street car and severely bruised about the
lower limbs. She was treated by Dr. Dorr
at the Harbor Hospital and later was able
to go home. Her Intention is to sue the
railroad for damages, so she says.
Matters of Interest. to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Charles E. Moody loads coal at Tacoma
for Honolulu: the steamer C. D. Lane, rail
road ties at Falrhaven for, Guayaquil, 70s; the
Drumburton," lumber at Port Blakeley for gyd
ney, S2s 6d (option of Melbourne or Adelaide,
60s. or Ca|«? Town, 72s 6d. or Delagoa Bay. 75s,
prior to arrival): the Star of Russia, coal at
Flattie 'for Lahaina. prior to arrival: the Thls
tlebank, wheat at this port for Europe, 42s 6d,
prior to arrival; the Westgate, wheat at Ta
coma for Europe, prior to arrival.
Merchandise for Tahiti.
The steamer Australia sailed yesterday for
Yahiti with a general cargo, manifested up to
3 p. in. as follows: . .
20.1SI lbs 160 tins bread, a cs 6 kegs tx-er, 3501
lbs beani>, 11 cs bicycles and sundries, 2948 lbs
bran. 208 ctls. barley. 14 bdls cordage, 40 cs
coal oil. 23 pkg!> Chinese goods. 42 cs candles,
C5 cs canned goods, 22.es drugs, 60 cs dry goods.
236 pkgs groceries and provisions, 273 cs hard
ware, C2 bales hay, 21 bxi Ink, 9 cs lamp goods,
ISrtO lba lard. «000 laths. 22.329 ft lumber. 2 pkgs
machinery. 1* crs millwork, 34 bdls paper. 12
kegs nails. 5 bdls oars. 22 crs onions, 27 cs oil,
o5 crn potatoes, 22 cs paint, 85 pkgs pipe, 29,000
lbs rice, 29,«<b shingles, 6632. lbs sugar, 173 cs
salmon, 27 bbls salmon. 277 cs soap, 16.150 lbs
rait, 3t cs ehoes. lS,chcnts tea, 90S8 gals wine,
10 crs wagon material. Value, $21,269.
An Additional Manifest.
In addition to carsro previously reported the
Walla Walla, which sailed Sunday for Vic
toria, carried the following merchandise, mani
fested as follows: -For Victoria, JU83; for Man
chester, N. H., $1500. Total value, *33S3.
For Victoria— 6 cs arms and ammunition, 8 era
cabbage, 6 era cauliflower, 20S7 lbs beans, 4 cs
canned goods, 2 cs dry goods, 47 pkgs fresh
fruit. 10 cs -honey, 410' tax* oranges. 100 bxs
lemons. 10 bxs raisins, 37 pkgs vegetables.
For Manchester, N. H.— 107 cs canned fruit,
250 cs salmon.
Shipping- Intelligence.
. . ARRIVED.
Tuesday, December 4.
Stmr Geo Loom!s, BridRett, 28 hours from
San Pedro.
Er stmr Victoria, Blakey. 4 days from Oyt
ter Haibor. ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ - '
Ship Luclle, Hansen, IS days from Seattle.
Schr Newark, Beck, 15 hours from Bowens
LAndlnz. ' • "
Schr . Mary Etta. Anderson, 48 hours from
Bowens Landlns.
Schr ! Gottma, Semsen. 1S«4 days from Coos
Bay. . .
CLEARED.
Tuesday, December 4.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, Tahiti: J D Spreck
els A. Bros Co. ¦ .'
stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Gocx3a.ll, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br »tmr Wellington, Salmond. Chemalnus; R
Dunsmulr'e Sons Co. ' • <
SAILED.
Tuesday, December 4.
Stmr Columbian. , Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Samoa, Jacobs. Eureka.
gtmr Bonita, Nopander. San Pedro.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. Eureka. .
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, Astoria.
Stmr Pomona, Shea,' Eureka.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrle.Mou Landing:.
Stmr Australia. Lawles*. Tahiti.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Hall. CMnoi.
Bktn Tarn o' Shanter, Wilson. Columbia
Rl\-er. ... ¦ ¦ ; -
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, .
Schr Oceania Vance.* Burke. PortHadlock.
F«hr Ida' Schnauer, Sorenson. Port Gamble. •.
Ger scJir Mascotte. Macro, New Britain.
SPOKEN. ,
Nor 14. lat J4 57 N, Ion 47 20 W-8h!p Henry
TUlard, from Savannah, for Honolulu.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY'S TOWBOAT SAIDIE, THAT HAS
SPENT; THREE WINTERS IN THE ARCTIC AND COMES HOME BE
CAUSE ICE FORMED TOO QUICKLY AT ST. MICHAEL. :'
Time Ball.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Maters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. -
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY.: DECEMBER 5.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide3
the early morning tides are given -In the left I
hand column and", the successive tide3 of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last
tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on thn
United States .Coast' Survey charts, -except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters. '
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ.- S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
Deceml5er 4. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
1 C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In cbarse.
Ail&SKa- t/Ommercflal Company's z bfloewltueell llowlboat
Sai'die- Back From Nortlherini QoIdfleldsV
EL DORADO. Kane.. Dec. 4.— To-day in
the Jessie Morrison murder trial the time
was spent In an effort on the part of the
prosecution to prove the authenticity of a
deathbed statement ol Mrs. Castle, which
it was desired to introduce as evidence.
Two physicians, Mrs. Castles pastor.
Rev. Mr. Wharton; his wile and daughter,
*nd Augustin Brumback. brother oi the
prosecuting attornev in tne case, depicted
ih£ scene at the bedside of the dying
woman. They told how she. unable to
epeak because of the wounds in her
tnroat. nodded assent as questions per
taining to the aitair with Miss Morrison
were put to her. and how finally she
signea her name to the statement and
wrote the woras, "By ray OJod. it is true."
The statement declared that Jessie Mor
rison had provoked the quarrel with the
dead woman and then clashed her with a
razor.
A. thrilling scene occurred during the
cross-examination of Ururnback. He had
been requested to ttll what questions he
had asked and what answers he had re
ceived while he was taking Mrs. Castle's
statement. To answer the question Brum
back related the statement made by the
wounded woman, described the approach
of Jessie Morrison to Mrs. Castle s home
end told of the preliminary conversation
between the two voting women. As Brum
back proceeded his voice grew loud and
Ills speech emphatic. His npht arm went
out in decisive gestures until hq reached
the point where he said that Jessie Mor
rison handta Mr?. Castle a letter *to read,
and that while the latter perused it the
prisoner "took out her razor and cut her
throat." As he said this Brumback sprang
to his Ceet and dramatically passed his
hand through the air as if he clutched a
razor.
Mrs. Wiley, mother of the murdered
woman, pui her handkerchief over her
face at if to hide the picture, and Olin
Castle's mother covered her eyes with her
hand. Every head in the courtroom was
immovable, with all iyes straining for
¦n-ard. Jessie- Morrison never flinched. She
looked siraipht In frolit of her. and aside
from the fact that her cheeks grew a lit
ile whiter as she closed her eyes for a
minute as Brumback concluded her ex
pression did not change. Olln Castle was
not in the ccurtroom.
Dying "Woman's Signed Statement
Against Miss Morrison Is Pro-
duced in Evidence by
the Prosecution.
Witness Graphically Tells of
the Death of Mrs.
Castle.
DRAMATIC SCENE
IN COURTROOM
COULD NOT MAKE PORT AT
ST. MICHAEL, SO CAME HERE
THE SAJS" FRANCISCO CALL,- WEDISTESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1900.
5
Sun rises
Sun sets ..
Moon -sets
7:10
' V — 4:51
.......:I.;........6:12 a. m.
fM JTlme| ¦ |Tlme|- - |Tlmel
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
* jH W ,. • L. • W| • H W[ -
H -2 : ii 6 ' 5 «:«-1.2 U:67i ;4.8
,3.1 10:28 8.5 -5:54-1.3 ...... ......
LW ' H W L W -
,4.7 .6:04 3.2 11:12 6.4 -6:20—1.1
4.9 5:55 3.2 11:59 6.0 7:05 —O.x
5.0 6:51 3.2 12:48 5.6 •7:49—0.4
4.9 -7:54 3.2 1:42 5.0 ".8:30 . 0.1
5.0 : 9:06 3.2 .2:40 4.5 -9:10 . 0.7
O Time
s» j
• ¦•; L w
6 ... 3:23
6 ...I 4:H
H W
7 ... 0:43
8 ... 1:39
9 ... 2:19
10 ... 3:01
11... 3:50
TO ARRIVE. ¦ • "
Steamer. I ¦ From. I Due.
I Due.
Fulton Portland and Astoria... Dee. 6
South Portland. Seattle .......;.... Dec. 5
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 5
Corona Newport Dec. 5
Oeo. W. Elder. Portland Dec. «
Point Arena... Point Arena Dec. 6
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dec. 6
Mandalay Coqullle River. Deo. (I
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Dec. 6
Arcata ...Coos Hay Dec. 6
Newbursr |GrayB Harbor. Dec. $
City Rio de Jan China and Japan Dec. 7
North Fork .;. Humboldt Dec. 7
Empire .... Coos Bay.... Dec. 7
Pomona ........ Humboldt Dec. 7
Rival (Wlllapa.... Dec. 8
City of Para'..-. New York via. Panama Doc. 8
City of Puebla Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 8
Mattewan ....... Tacoma Dec. 8
Santa Barbara. San Pedro Dec. 8
Queen San Diego Dec. 9
Bonita Newport Dec.' 9
Progreso ...... Tacoma Dec. 10
Columbia ..'.... Portland "......" Dec. 11
Hathor Hamburg via. Callao... Dec. 11
Rainier [Seattle :; Dec. 12
• • • TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. • Sails. . Pier.
Queen San Diego..... Dec. 6. 9 am Pier 11
Mexico ....Mexico Dec. 8. 12 m Pier 27
J. Kimball Seattle. Dec. 6, 10 am Pier 2
Nip. Maru. China * Japan Dec? 8, 1 pm PMSS
Umatllla .. Vic & P*t Sd. Dec. 7. 11 am Pier 9
Curacao ... Mexico Dec. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Corona .... Newport....... Dec. 7, 9 am Pier 11
Eureka HumboliJt Dec. 7, 8 am Pier 13
City Sldn'y K. Y. v. Pan.lDec. 8. 12 m PMSS
PL Arena.. Point Arena. .[Dec. 8. 2 pm Pier 2
Mandalay . Coqullle Riv. . Dec. 8, 10 am Pier 2
Empire .... Coos Bay Dec 8, 10 am Pier 13
Fulton ...;. Astoria* Ptldl Dec. 8, i pm Pier 2"J
Arcata' .... Coos Bay Dec. . 8, 10 am Pier 13
R. Dollar.. Seattle Dec. 8, 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humbol<1t.;...|Dec. 9, 2 pm Pier 9
Newburgf ..|Grayn HarborlDec. 9, 5 pm Pier 2
G. W*. Elder Portland Dec. 9, 11 am Pier 24
Santa Roea. San Diego Dec. 9, 9 am Pier 11
North ForklHumboldt Dec. 10, 9 am Pier 2
Rival iWlllapa Har. Dec. 11, ,\... „
Alliance ...iPortrd&C.B. Dec. 11. 10 am ...*.....
Bonlta iN'ewport.. |D*c. 11, 9 amlPler 11
TO ARRIVE. ¦ • "
Steamer. I ¦ From. I Due.
I Due.
Fulton Portland and Astoria... Dee. 6
South Portland. Seattle .......;.... Dec. 5
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 5
Corona Newport Dec. 5
Oeo. W. Elder. Portland Dec. «
Point Arena... Point Arena Dec. 6
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dec. 6
Mandalay Coqullle River. Deo. (I
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Dec. 6
Arcata ...Coos Hay Dec. 6
Newbursr |GrayB Harbor. Dec. $
City Rio de Jan China and Japan Dec. 7
North Fork .;. Humboldt Dec. 7
Empire .... Coos Bay.... Dec. 7
Pomona ........ Humboldt Dec. 7
Rival (Wlllapa.... Dec. 8
City of Para'..-. New York via. Panama Doc. 8
City of Puebla Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 8
Mattewan ....... Tacoma Dec. 8
Santa Barbara. San Pedro Dec. 8
Queen San Diego Dec. 9
Bonita Newport Dec.' 9
Progreso ...... Tacoma Dec. 10
Columbia ..'.... Portland "......" Dec. 11
Hathor Hamburg via. Callao... Dec. 11
Rainier [Seattle :; Dec. 12
• • • TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. • Sails. . Pier.
Queen San Diego..... Dec. 6. 9 am Pier 11
Mexico ....Mexico Dec. 8. 12 m Pier 27
J. Kimball Seattle. Dec. 6, 10 am Pier 2
Nip. Maru. China * Japan Dec? 8, 1 pm PMSS
Umatllla .. Vic & P*t Sd. Dec. 7. 11 am Pier 9
Curacao ... Mexico Dec. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Corona .... Newport....... Dec. 7, 9 am Pier 11
Eureka HumboliJt Dec. 7, 8 am Pier 13
City Sldn'y K. Y. v. Pan.lDec. 8. 12 m PMSS
PL Arena.. Point Arena. .[Dec. 8. 2 pm Pier 2
Mandalay . Coqullle Riv. . Dec. 8, 10 am Pier 2
Empire .... Coos Bay Dec 8, 10 am Pier 13
Fulton ...;. Astoria* Ptldl Dec. 8, i pm Pier 2"J
Arcata' .... Coos Bay Dec. . 8, 10 am Pier 13
R. Dollar.. Seattle Dec. 8, 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona ... Humbol<1t.;...|Dec. 9, 2 pm Pier 9
Newburgf ..|Grayn HarborlDec. 9, 5 pm Pier 2
G. W*. Elder Portland Dec. 9, 11 am Pier 24
Santa Roea. San Diego Dec. 9, 9 am Pier 11
North ForklHumboldt Dec. 10, 9 am Pier 2
Rival iWlllapa Har. Dec. 11, ,\... „
Alliance ...iPortrd&C.B. Dec. 11. 10 am ...*.....
Bonlta iN'ewport.. |D*c. 11, 9 amlPler 11
Sun rises
Sun sets ..
Moon -sets
7:10
' V — 4:51
.......:I.;........6:12 a. m.
fM JTlme| ¦ |Tlme|- - |Tlmel
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
* jH W ,. • L. • W| • H W[ -
H -2 : ii 6 ' 5 «:«-1.2 U:67i ;4.8
,3.1 10:28 8.5 -5:54-1.3 ...... ......
LW ' H W L W -
,4.7 .6:04 3.2 11:12 6.4 -6:20—1.1
4.9 5:55 3.2 11:59 6.0 7:05 —O.x
5.0 6:51 3.2 12:48 5.6 •7:49—0.4
4.9 -7:54 3.2 1:42 5.0 ".8:30 . 0.1
5.0 : 9:06 3.2 .2:40 4.5 -9:10 . 0.7
O Time
s» j
• ¦•; L w
6 ... 3:23
6 ...I 4:H
H W
7 ... 0:43
8 ... 1:39
9 ... 2:19
10 ... 3:01
11... 3:50
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREXTO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy Tbat
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
¦;}'{¦ to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Hall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a rrcst remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cure*! so rrrany men Tvho had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering: of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who 1 writo. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
. The remedy has a' peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles .hat coihe
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire cne
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. XAny man who writes will bo
sent a free sample, carefully sealed :n a
plain package,- so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to writs with.
out delay. . , ¦
OCEAN TRAVEL.
toIImma;
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COH-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
Icr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, eta ; No cargo received on board on ( day
of sailing. " /
SS. NIPPON MAIITJ....\ •
Thursday, December «. 19C0
SS. AMERICA MARU
:... Saturday. December », 1900
.'. ¦ Via Honolulu.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
! ....I.: ...Thursday. January 24. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA ¦R.R.Co.'iSS.
To NEW YORK via PANAMA.
S. S. ST. PAUL sails December 18, 2 p. m.
• - From foot of Fremont street.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st. .
. F. ,F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
APAahfr C € (Pa »*«*». who*. "eW
SS , AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti... ...............
.-•> :.r.. ....;... ....Tuesday.- December 4, 4 p. ra.
65. SIERRA, for Honolulu,- \ Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. December 12, 9 p. m.
BS. ZEAI>ANDIA (Honolulu only)........... .
.<'. .....Wednesday, December ti,- t p. m.
i. D.SPBECKELS k BROS. CO., Sineral Agents, 327 Hartst St
Esn'l Passenger Olfia , 643 Market St., Plar No. 7, Pacific St
C0MPA0NIE GENERALB .. TBAN8ATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE ; TO ' HAVRE-PARIS. n"illniir>
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of JhT^eS
Saturday, from November 2, 1899. at TOfl
10 a. m., ; from PlerH?, North . River, foot of
Morton street. •- Flfst-class ; to Havre." $S6 ¦ and
upward. Second-class to Havre, 142 50 and up-
ward. -GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson
building),' New -, York. J. F. FUGAZI ft CO..'
Paclflo Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery " avenue.
Ban Franclim : . • ' . . , ..
AJ'irEBTISEMENTS.
Some women objected to the
faint odor which came from the
old yellow
COTTOLENE.
. (In most cases they overheated
it — burned it.)
It was not an objectionable
odor like that from -boiling cab-
bage, but- - . ,
- Itwis a new one
And so we decided to do
away with the odor entirely.
The result is shown in
WHITE COTTOLENE,
odorless, neutral.
"It looks good enough to eat,"
and it's looks dmit belie it
¦ The N.K.Fairbank Company,
. Chicago— Solo Manufacturer*.
FREE ! Onr <*»lntr booklet
mailed free to any addres*. For
one *c (tamp we will send free our
... 1** page recipe book. "Home
Helps." edited by Mm. ltorer.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, et&, cored bj
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, ior POWDER
P»ni, [i. XBPIO ; Ifnr Tirk, S. I0OBERA • * 00.
" BOLD.BT ALL DRUGQIBTa
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
iv Steamers leave Broadway
ay. wharf, San Francisco:
IBbkj^. For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m.,
«|fflk Dec. 2, 7, 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1.
fa^VWYSbk '- han K« t0 cornpany*s steamers
|^3Sj»l For Victoria, Vancouyer (B.
rwwhrrifffiii c -)- Port Townsend, Seattle.
I "Hllljn > Tacoma, Everett. Anacortei
and New TVhatcom (Wash.)— 11
m.. Dec. 2, 7. 12. 17. 22. 27.
Jan. 1, and every nrth day therearter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. . P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For . Eureka, Rumboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Dec.
4. 9. 14, 19, 24, ». Jan. 3, and every nrth day
thereafter. •
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays, 9 a. in. :
steamer Santa .Rosa, Sundays, 9 a.m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey,' 8an Simeon. Cayn-
cob. Port Harford (San. Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hucneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ;. steamer
Bonita, Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
* For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La, Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. Tth each month.
.For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and. hours of sailing
without previous notice. '
TICKET OFFICE— 4 Ntw Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
¦10 Market st. San .Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FA8T STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Srjear-Rtreet Wharf at 11 jl\ m.
CADE il2*FlrsrClas$ Iriclu^lnf" Berth
InllL $8 Second Class and Meals.
GEO. W. ELDER sails... Dec. 9, 19. 29
COLUMBIA sails.: -.... Dec. 4. 14. 24, Jan. 3
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and . all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
; ,.. .. 630 Market st.
AMERICAN LINE.
REW T0BK. BOOT HAMPTON. LONDON, PJJU&
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York........ Dec. 12 New York Jan. 2
Bouthwark Dee. 19 Kensington Jan. 9
St. Louis......... Dec. 26 Noordland Jan. 16
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every "Wednesday. 13 noon,.
Friesland .......Dec. 12 Westerniand ....Jan. 2
Southwark Dec. 19 Kensington Jan. 9
Westerniand ...Dec. 26 Noordland ..:... Jan. 16
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
80 Montgomery st., Or any of Its agenta.
BAY AUD. BIVEB STEAMERS.
'ToTFiuiA^^
Steamer "Montlcello.**
MON Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 4:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 P. rn. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.; S
p. m. Landing and office* Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. '
FARE' SOc
RAILROAD TRAVEL."
Santa Fe
Trains-»aHy
Zi«ava Mark*t-stre«t Ferry Depot.
1 ' '¦••*¦' ' :
£vf. fan Frand.00. 9:00 a m 4:W p ml IM p m
Xxt. Stockton =...... 1J:«O p m 7:15 pm 11:06 p m
mI Presno 4:to p m »:05 a m
¦¦> ; VlSalli ..J «-•« P m - 4:M a »
¦ •* Tular* «:X2pni 6:10 am
> ; Hanford ...... •:«?£ ' 2 : 2 ara
» K - BakersHeld ... I:M p in . ' 1M*n
"Denver ......... 10:00 am " ¦
• — ' Kansas City... 6:15 pm
.- »» : Chicago- T;40 am
t a. m. train la tht Overland Express. Corn*
train arrive at • p. m. dany. .
4 :10 p. m. Is Stockton , Local. Corresponding
train arrive* Uj« a. m. daily. — - '¦ •__
¦ - t:O0 p. m. la Fresno and Bakanfleld Express.
•with Bleeping Cars for both cities. Correepcnd-
-Inf train; arrive* at 8 a. m. dally. '
OFFICES-441 Market it and In Ferry DewW
jhBjEOAclia<u.lUa JBrotdsix. Oailtiul. -
BAIXBOAD TBAVEL.
MWtlTHKRBf PACIFIC COItPAST.
(PAOiriO STRTtM.)
Train* l«sit »n<l i»re> due t* i»rrl»« al
MAN ritANCIH«:<».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
lbaye — From December 1. 19C0. — arritb
•7:»0a Benlda. Suliun, F'mlra. Vacarille.
Ramsey and Sacramento *7tiir
*7iO*a Shasta Express— Daris. Williams (for ' ¦ : =
Bartlett Springs), Willows. Red
Bluff, Portland... *7i4Sp
•7t30A Martluez,8auUamon,VaIlcjo. >"»[*,
Callatoia and Hanta Hoia 'OilSr
•SsOOa DaTis, Woodland. Knights Landlog.
M»xy»Tllle. Oro»ille_ *7:«5»
•SsOOa Atlaatie Kxprees— Ogden and Rast *2:l3f
•S:O«A Nils*. Lifermora. Tracy. ' lathxop,
Stockton nasy
•IiXOa San Jo«e, LlTermore, Stockton,
Ioue. Sacramento. Flacerrill*,
M»r»»»ille, Chlco, l'.e<l liluff *4<li»r
•»i8»* Oakdale, Chinese, Sonora. Carters... Mildp
•liflOt HaTwartls. Nilts and Way Stations. *l 1:4134
•HiOO a. Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, L»tbrop. ritoekton. Merced
Fresno and Los Angeles *7<13r
•9i30a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations •»: l.ir
•IOiUOa The Oferland Limited— Ogden, Den-
. - Ter, Omaha, Chicago ••:«p
•11:00a Xlles. Stockton, .Sacramento. Men-
dota, Fresno, Hantord. VlsaUa,
Fcrtertille «41tl»P
•11:00* LiTcrmore, Banger. Goshen Junc-
tion, Bikenfleld. Los Aogeles
fliOAp Sacramento Itirer Steamers fSiOOA
*3:OOp Hayw»rJi, Nilt» and Way Kutloai. *St4Sp
M r Mnttine*. Han llamoii, V»ll#]o,
Nupa. CallstoRa. .Santa Ilosa •Vila*
•4:»«p Beulcla, Winters, Sacramento,
• Woodland. Knights Landing,
/ *-};:¦- Murrnflllr, Orofllla. •IO:«»»
MiSnrtHaywarda. Mlleaaud San .lose t*:*-" 4 *
•3:OOr Niles, Lirermors and Stockton * 1 O:45a.
oS:OOp Sauet Limited, El Paso, New
Orleans and East.... c10:13a
•5:<M»rTlie Owl Umited— Traey, Tresoo.
BakersSeUI. Saugns for H*uta Bar-
bara. Los Anselea *1*:I3a
•3i*OrKev Orleaoc Express— Bakerstield.,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles. Dem-
(dr. El Paso. New Orleaus and
Sast *7i48*
•8itHlpHaywaTds,NUesaod8an Jose •7tl.1«
fViOltr Vklleju "II14I**
•ei*>op Oriental Mail-OgUen. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chlcngo 'ttiSr
•8:0 Op Oriental Jlall—Ogden, DenTer,
Omaha. Chicago M:1.1p
•*:«Br Oregon aud California ISziirMa.Hae-
riuneiitu. Marjsvllle, ItiMlillng.
l'urtlaml, l'licet Xo.u.d anil Kail *S>43a
*8t«3pSan Pshlo, Port Costa, Martinez
a»<l Way Stations *11j41Sa
m l«;05p ValHn. »11*45a
COAST DIVISION (.Narroir U»»*t).
(Foot of MHrket Street.)
*S:li>ANefrark.CeiiterTllle,8an,)oae,F«ltoii,
BoulU«rCr«ek,.SantaOrnxand Way
Stations. : •••«•#
i{3i I »p Newark. CenterTllle, San Jnae. New
Almaden. Fulton. linuMer Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
SUtlous t'W'^^A
MtlSp Newark, San Jose, Los Gatoa *Si.1«a
dll:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations X?t9T
BATLBOAD TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
' : ':-\a '¦'¦ LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND HORTH PACIFIC
-::.S RAILWAY COMPANY.
TTBURON FERRT— FOOT OF JIARXETT «T.
__
San Franctaco to San Rafael.
WEEK PATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a, m. ; 12:35. 3:10.
5:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at U:M
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
EUNDATS— «:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:J0. i:00.
s:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:30. »::0. 11:10 a. m. ; USS,
1:40. S:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 8:35 p. m.
BVN DAYS— 3:10. 9:O. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40, C.-03,
4:2S n m.
Between San Frandsco and Sctraetzen Park.
um« schedule' as above..
Leave J In ESect I Arrlvs
San Francisco, f Not. 7. 1900. | Ban Francisco.
Wesk I ' Sun- J I Sun- 1 Week
Days. | days. ( Destination. [ days. ] Days.
7:20 am 1:00 am Xovato. 10:40 am S:40 am
1:30 pro 9:3" am P«taluma, 4:05 pm 10:23 am,
1:10 pm 8:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:3S pm 1:8 pm
. Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:5 am
Healdsburg-.
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
t:80pm 1:00 am Clorerdale. 7:15 pm l:gpa
1:30 ami I Hopland ] t
I t:00 am| and Uklan. | 7:3S pm( t:g pm
7:80 am 10:2$ am
1:00 am OuerneTlIIe. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm ' «:g pm
t:30 am 8:00ara Bonoma »:15 ami S:40am
and ! j
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. (:0S pmf S:33 pat
7:30 ami S:C0aml 110:40 am!10:» am
1:30 pmf »:<K> pmf Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| «:23pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weat
Springs and White Sulphur Sprtn«rs: at Pulton
tor Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
GeyservlUe tor Skogga Springs: at Cloverdal«
ior the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Bprlnn. KelseyviUe. Carls-
bad Spring*. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah tor Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
6pdnrs, Upper Lake. Pcmo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Uerley*s. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrtn Heights. Huimile. Orr-s Hot fiprlnga.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Weatport. UsaJ.
Wlllets. LaytonTlle. CuramJngs. Bell's Spring*.
Harris. Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r#«
tfuced rates.
On ' Sundays, round-trip tickets to all pomes
b«yond Ban Rafael at half ratej.
Ticket office. 850 Market St.. Chronicle butld-
Inff R- X. RTAN.
H. C. WH1TIXO. Cen. Pass. Aft.
Gen. Manarer.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
r»si31l rtllOISCO— rut tf Hirkit SliMt (Sli> S) —
t7:15 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:09 5:53f.w.
rrtaOllUia— U*l*t*tt*i*»J.— 1«:00 tS.OO t3.-05
10:00 «.M. lt:QO 8:00 4X3 "5:03 r.ll.
COAST III VISION (ISroa.1 (iange).
(Third and Townteml Sts.)
tO:IO& Ocean View. South Aau Franciaeo.. fHiSnp
•7:OI»a Han Jobs »...l Way Stutii.nn (Mew
Aliuadsn Wedueulayi only) *l>3«p
•tiioo* Han Jnae. Tres flitoa. HauU Crux.
Faeine <!rote. 1'aao llobles. San
':-.' l.nls Oldeiio. Buif. Lompoc ami
Vrinoljial W»r KUllrnm.... *4il»p
•lot!** San Jom and Way »t«tioiia... Ma-1>
•II>3»A K*« JM9 mixl Waj Station* •SiUlir
tv<-l5r8ati Maten. Itedwool, Heolo Park, !
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. «at> Jom,
Tres PInos. Santa Cmx, Salinas. '
Monterey ami P»e!t!e UrnTe ttO<X*4
fSiaarXaa Jose and Way Stations •7i3»r
M:1Sp San .lose and rrinolpa! Way .Station. '9:43*
13:«Or S»o Jose.'Lo* Gatoa and JTrindpal . .
Way Statloni... ; ?!»:00»
*5:30r Sail Juse ami Principal Way Stations '«:M»
•at.'IMp San Jose ami Way St»tl<His Mino A
qll:4.tr3»ii J<«g»n.l Way .Stations «7i3t»r
A for Ucrnlnc- 1* for A(ternn.,n
•Daily. ?sniHJarexewptod. J Sunday only.
q Mondays, Wedoesd»7«, Friday).
c Tuesday*, ThUrtdtys, onadty*.
a Saturday oclr
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 30, 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLBT
A>fD 8AM RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS-«:8a. •9:15. U:0O a. m.. «t:4i
S:U. 4:00. 6:13. *S:15. 1:40 p. m.
EXTP.A TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDATS— •3:00; •W.OO. 11:» a. m.. 1:13,
1:1S. *"l:4j. *:3D, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCd
WEEK DATS— 5:». H-J0. 7:45. »:30 a. m..
•12:10. 1:45. *3:3O. 4:J0. B:2O i>. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at t:45 and- 10:30 p. in.
6UNDAYS-«:20. *S:CO, *10:0O, 'H:43 a. m.
•1:40. •J:15. 4 :43k •»:£> P- m.
. Trains marked <•) »tart from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLET TO &AN FRANCISCO.
- WEEK DATS— «:«. «:45. 1:58. »:J0 a. xa..
12:35. 2:10. 1:30. 4:54. »:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS • on Mondays. Wednesdays
snd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:10 p. m.
SUNDAY8-4:0S. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:13, a:JO.
5:00. S.45 P. "^-jjhoucjj traixS.
¦ <:S5 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:4$ p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way at*.
1:00 a. m. Sunday*— Tomales and way st*-
tleaa. •
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves Ban Francisco, vta Sausallto Fsrry:
WEEK DATS....»:15 a. m.: 1:« aad 4:00 p. m.
BUNDAYB ;l:M. 10:00. 11:30 tad 1:1} p. m.
' Far*. San Francisco to Summit and Roturn,
' fl 40. ¦ • .
NEW TAVERN OP TAMALPAIS NOW OPB3I.
Ticket offlcea. 6O Market »t.. Sausallto Ferry.
/^yL Dr. Gibbon y s Dispensary,
firlF^ln 1^24 for the trf-atment ••» frivntn
*R ) V >f%ff Dlva^ei. Ixwt ManliO<j<L T)«>hility or
HJtl»S'jBK4 'llsfasi* wearinynn body ami mini) and
Skin Disposes. The PcctorrureHwiipri
fal!. Tr.V him. lharjres low.
' NaSa^fl' ¦¦¦'*'• tnnrnnlml. C:ill or write.
Or. Jt. W. UIBBOS, fc*ii yrancisro. CaL
I Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year
TEE EMPOE.rrjM. | THE EMPOBITTM. | IHE TTMTOBItrM.
$' Santa Claus— TJijily g to 12 a. m.i 2 to 5 p. tn: — Santa Claus. .5
j' San Francisco's Christmas Tree, j
«f That's what the great Emporium is— showing gift things of beauty and utility x
if from all parts of the world. Every available space in the big store is given up to 3»
Jf Holiday merchandise. Between 1500 and 2000 salespeople quickly serve the forehanded getting-ready-for- Christmas *J
tf: folk, who realize that the great festival is only 17 days off and arc avoiding the rush and crash of the last week. js;
I Silver-Plated Ware for » j ' : " SmoKing JacKet $750. |
|pf Holiday Gilts. Glove Orders. Nohrgercmorccam- 5
5 Tea Sets ..$3.85 to $45.00 _. . _, plete assortment of ay*1 45
I Cake Baskets 1.50 to 10.00 . T^" and H S ,?. f P ai ™ of £ oves ™. Smoking Jacket, on ¥*} J
I Berry Dishes...... 1.50 to 10.00 bought for Hohday gift* each year If coit £n b V- S
J Bread Trays... 1.15 to 7-50 you do not know the s.ze or co.or de- earned, by the big •*
$ D:nnrr Castors I.flO to 10.00 sl^ d . bu y a Glove Order, they are made ; . J /3<^^^> '3
S Pickle Ca tors 75 to 3.50 ut f . or _? n y you d«.re to spend \ &TM \ ?
J Combination Sugar Bowls, Good Gloves in fash.onable cu and col- Th e jacket iUnstratrd M' JM 'g|VJ
$ with, spoons. 1.75 to 10.00 or,rgs v indudn^ such world-'amous b £, de of M excd . /&|jK ' ft 5
5 "Batter Dih« 1.25 to 10.00 I? 3^ 5 as Fownes. Denti, Mona^h. lent all-wool, dou- /tf^il'LW.; %
*' Cream P tcW. 1.25 to 5.50 Tr; J™"*' J"^ 1 "' filler. P«™«^ Ue -f*ccd cloth; the W^ ' \&/ 5
g Sugar Bowls...... 1.00 to 5.00 t and A>exandre, per pa.r from $1 to $2.25. collar> cuffj ' § j{
Si Carl Receivers 1.00 to 7»50 »' pocktt; thowing re- \f\\\i \ ]t
K Tea Kettles... . 10 00 to 15.00 verse ode; it is |Tt|N? / / " *
H F.t in Dishrs . . . 3.50 to 7-50 bound with satin or 'Ikri A ¦ *
g. Biking Dishes: 5.00 to 10.00 t -Jf p -» \l n Am r -urc>7\T silk cord and has f I' « ' ' €
Jf j Soup Tureens.. 7-50 to 15.00 UlUKb V IlUCr W60T. heayy $;ik wi y ' /„ t jf
* Wa'er Pitchers 3.50 to 22.50 []„]<,„ Suits— Unshrinkable wool-mixed Union lco P»» onl y C7 5Jf, *
JTrayt 1.00 1 9 I7-$O Su , s> thefeenuine "Oneita," in white or *P ¦ • tJ V '5
X Crumb Tray and Scraper 2.50 to 7-50 natural wool colorj t j, c cor rect weight for thii
* .Cupand Siucer 3.50 to 5.00 f ea« O n of the year, per luit ffiOC S
f Puff Boxes..... 2.00 to 4.00 Jl.ilJ -5
•f . Atomiz- .......................... -f M. n l« IJnrlrr^WPTH* ir
* >«€«O»Jkv crs... 3.00 to 7.50 Ladles' Hose— Pure lamb's wool, fiat bhek or 1 ien 5 VUUCrwcOT. jt
* J e w'cl ' Oxford gray, ribbed or plain, Merino pn Wool Underwear fcr men— D:rby ribbeJ, form *
$ /r^*3^\ Boxes 1.50 to 10.00 teel and tor, pair LJ\*> fitting, the correct weight for winter, camel*. $
*£ KMl/j^m^ HairPm . inJioe' ntirl (~ h t'lrl rsti' o hair or natural gray wo^l, weU finished, good >|
£ WSbSk&s&I B:xes ! - 50 l0 2 - 50 Laates ana s wiring, comfortable garm ena , ci r\r\ x
% Curlin s " Stutigarter" Underwear each apl.UU ,j
i ilmps 2 so to io.oo one-quarter off regular prices. Wooi'Socks— woren from long-gber ,«, i
S Pin Trays ™ .50 to 1.50 Wlth^ .«*"*,> "•««« PV. "**. tan or J
J Toothpick Holder.. .50 to 1.50 " mC **" "**' • .splendid Tal«j y^ 5
5-:£?&:::::::::::: Ki: ™ ¦ Terra cotta M d l °'"" c |
£ Gravy Ladles 1.00 to 1.50 GlaSSWarC * "" 2
*. Fruit Knives, tet of 6 1.25 to 1.50 UlO55WOre. S
K Table Knives, set of 6 75 to 2.00 Terra Cotta GrOCCrieS-LlflVOrS. S
* j±> ti& BusU$i.ooto . ,- _^k S
5 fifi ffil uOl set of 6. .25 to 1.60 $i5-°°- . A'Jc €g§S Free To-Day— 4 packages of Pyramid Wash- 5
tf US jJl \t i? Table Terra Cotta -<//-¦ feSB* ing Powdrr, with 12 bars of Dia- PA '5
V &I ft \Jj Spoons, Figures J1.00 . ''."3^^^^ mond C for DUC ,%
6-M 1 Ku 0! ' 6 ' - 50tO 3J5 "le^Cotta J&zMMjL Oysters-Victory brand, extra Stand- S
\l I I) Forks Ma'chB,Sl /^^!l^W^ ***' = " lb ""'' £dC •«
% 11 l\ II «etof6. .50 to 3.15 4 OC to«i. 5 o. J^^it^P^^W^ Shredded Whole Wh:at Biscuits— 3 »)n
J 3 /ill Ccffce : TerraCotta packages LDC 'J
£ /5y \,\il SPOO "<' n* ,-rc Pure Tomato Citsup-Goldrn- Rule Brand, J«
|[] \>W Ov^ - ?5 '- 75 3 CoT Q Z^ 15C |
K \J M tctof 6. 2.00 to 2.50 Bjx.s jti.ij Rice— Choice Japan, 6 lbs for OC/>"5
|> Butter Knives 25 to .50 to $2.50. v'"' 1 aC3C>T
£ Sugar Spoons. 25 to 50 Terra Cotta Mgffi&m California Fruits-Al! rarieties, fon standard, j?
i SS, • l0 ° t0 I>5 ° wall icoS JWfWm-'i the high-grade Victory Brand, xtf-Ib 1C '
*. Children s Knife, Fork and "aU decora- iBn^//^&, i&&-^-> cim I lC •'
J. Spoon 15 to 2.50 tion. 51.75 to J®&CJffl*'-VZWL^t; "=•••' *•"'*'£
t£ Child's Mugs 25 to 2.00 l3-°°- ' m^^^ • Sherry or Port— Our regular 75c per PA ¦£
K tr j t\ • ? j 7\ i ~n j Terra Cotta tPJAxYffisgSaCgjal gallon grade; to-dav onlv. 3vV "«
J Hand-Painted Opal Goods, pl^s, each ¦ 1^^^^^ J tll L k ' w . . L, *
I Rose Bowls to $1.00 $z .1;. .'l^^^^fi^^ Scotch Vri&am., **
|^ u s e - § % Jg We Alabater finished Busts.... 5 oc to | 3 . 75 $^5 bottle, to^ay. only a>l.UU J
jj Glove Boxes '.'. J5 to L50 Bohemian Gas3 Flower Vases... 25c to lis.50 Pabst Malt Extract — The best of tf» *% f f\ X
Slp^^HoWer:?^"^;:;;: t0 iSo Bohemian Gla»L«nonade Set. .$-. 9 8to$ 3 . SO tonic, per cozen J
Collar and Cuff Boxes, Bisque Figures and Ornaments .. .501015.00 Ginger Ale — Made from the famous Lytton 2
* To e |1et h Sets.'"?" pieces," "for" '* l ° Caiforn : a Souvenirs, Rexton Pottery made in Springs water, regularly 90c dozen, ZA j,
tf dressing table, per set.... 2.00 to 3.60 Stockton, all shades and sr>lts ....50c to $1 5.00 to-day only UUW Jf
jaf Christmas DooK Bulle- *fflPJ3MJ£L IPESEa^^S&lSS IEkJ>l Your Photograph— Send ;5
J^ prices of hundreds of gift faBlS*** a»r%<i *Q& BW^ mas - e ma^ c them in .J
» books for old and young. pi^^jtQf<tf |T% ff flP^- Wl<\ 7ai»"*T **• best style from JtSO to 58.00 x
i FrCC CAUFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMERICA-S GRANDEST STORE. dozen. JWEDNESDAY. .; DECEMBER 5, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MAVAGEIt'S OFFICE Telephone Prei« 2O1
Pl'BLICATIO.\ OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Pre»s 201.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTemon St.
Telephone PreM 2O2.
Dellrere* br Carriers. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Sinclr Coplca, 5 Onta.
Terms by Mail. Including Postajrei
DAILY CALL (Ircludlnis Sunday), one rear tt.m
DAILT CALL (including Sunday), S months 1-00
DAILT CALL (Including EuniSay). I months..... W9
DAILT CALL—Dy Eingle Month «5c
fiVXDAT CALL. One Tear 1-50
VEEKLT CALL. One Tear 1°°
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
subscription*.
Einsple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Vnll ETibBcrSbera 1n ordering chanice of afldrey* Fhould t>«
particular to jive both SEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tsirure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OTF1C15 ...HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KIIOG\ESS,
Venager Foreign Advertsing. Marquette Building, Chicago.
<Lcng Distance Telephone "Central 261S.") .
JCErW TORK CORRESPO.VDEKT:
C. C. CARLTOX ..Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN D. SMITH 3O Tribune Unil.llnsr
NETT TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waifiorf-Aftoria Hotel; A. Brentano, a Union Square:
Hurray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO .NEWS STANDS:
Ebenran House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
FresicEt House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHISCTO* (D. CV> OFF1CK. . . .14OO G St., X. W.
MORTON i:. CRAMS, Correspondent.
BRAMH OFFICES — in Montgomery, corner of Clay, opsn
until i.ti o'clock. 30-) Uayee. open until 8:S9 o'clock. 63J
McAI'.UTer. open until 8:30 c'clcck. CIS Larklri. open until
?:S0 o'clock. 3M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock, -1C96 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until So' clock. XW. cor
r*r Twerty-seccrid and Kenturky. open until 9 o'clock.
PRESIDENT OF THE WORCESTER OREAD rNSTTTUTION. WHO
FINDS THE ORIGIX OF CRIME, CANCER AND LUNACY IN THE
MEAT STAPLE OF OLD ENGLAND.
THE tenth annual meeting of the
New York "Vegetarian Society waa
held • recently at Metaphysical
Hall, Fifth avenue and Fortieth
street. Instead of the usual busi
ness' the society listened with great inter
est to an address by Henry D. Perky,
president of the Worcester (Mass.) Oread
Institution, a free school for girls, every
State and Territory in the country being
represented.
The hall was well filled, principally by
ladies, who appeared to be the speaker's
special target. ¦
Mr. Perky's subject was "Naturally Or
ganized Food Makes Possible Natural
Conditions." He is especially qualified
to treat the matter, as he has long been
a student of food questions and, a pro
moter of a new way In diet. ; , /
"There is nothing In this wide world,"
he said, "to assure success except to
start right. Chauncey M. Depew recent
ly said, 'Some people are born rich, some
fortunate and others in Ohio.' I am of
the latter. My object here Is to tell
mothers how to rear children."
"Won't you please speak a little
louder?" exclaimed one young lady wear
ing a big hat. " ;
Mr. Perky took a swallow of water,'
asked the secretary^ to close the windows
to keep out the street noise, and then re
torted:
"And now will the lady and others In
the hall please remove their hats, so that
those eittingr behind them need not rub
ber-neck this way and that in order to see
me?"
Then he resumed his discourse by tell
ing of the evil effects of too much beef
eating. He said:
"When I quit eating beef about eight
years ago I began to receive that normal
condition which a man should enjoy be
fore he can become a successful business
man. I have not eaten beef since then.
About nine years ago I read a newspaper
paragraph about the rapid Increase of
cancer in England. It was then discov
ered' that cancer was most prevalent
among well-to-do men and women, the
beef eaters, whereas it was scarcely
known among the common people, who
get little beef to eat."
He compared the hunuin being to the
bucksaw, which worked badly when not
properly sharpened and set or -was rusty.
"The country Is full of drunkards," he
said, "the jails full of criminals, and
the asylums full of insane, all bo
cause they have not been properly edu
cated In the. way they should live or care
for their stomachs. Their heads are filled
with book knowledge, but they have very
little intelligence."
A GAY SEASON is promised at Hotel d.i
Coronado,Coronado. Cal.. this winter with u.
Jolly houseful, in expert solf tournament, meet
in* of field. trial* club, hunting fishing boat
ins, danclnc, etc *' ™* 1
Ortepra, the fiend of. San Jose, has received a sen
tence of imprisonment for life. It is to be hoped that
his miserable existence within prison walls will not
be cut short.
The yellow newspapers are giving new evidence
that their eclipse witljin the field of truth and com
mon sense was only temporary. They emphatically
decline to see anything of merit in President McKin-
Icy's message;' - •
The» prime spirits of Tanforan are learning that
sometimes the shadow of an evil name is as bad as
the reality. The unspeakable Corrigan has been
driven from the California turf, and now the people
of San Mateb insist that his associates shall be kept
within the strict bounds of decency.
Chinese generals and diplomats hive reached the
conclusion. 'that we can do no more than talk. At the
same time our. oriental friends appear to have no par
ticular liking for; the language of our. guns.
• A citizen- who voted against a certain attorney for
legislative honors has been refused as a juror in a
case now pending in a local court. This is one of the
penalties which should be accepted as a prize.
The Oakland woman who fired a bullet into her
consort's body and now insists upon nursing him
back to life appears to be carrying too far the tradi
tional privilege of inconsistency, which her sex enjoys.
An effort i.s being made to induce the Washington
authorities to, repeal the war tax on beer. " Many of
our respected citizens are" willing to take a chance on
the pangs^of hunger,. but they positively decline to
thirst.- . - " . . '.-¦¦'¦ '. "¦ ; '¦ ,¦ ..
- Gold nuggets have. been found at Livermore, and
the good citizens are deeply concerned to discover the
cause.. It is strange that no one thought of finding
out whether or not Chris Buckley was. at -large -as a
distributing agent. ' •
GOLD FOR SILVER-M. J. C Cltv
By the rules of the Treasury Department
at Washington. D. C. standard silver
dollars are Issued by the Treasurer and
Assistant Treasurers In redemption of
yer certificates and treasury notes of
1890, standard silver dollars may ' be
presemed^to the Treasurer or As!
sistant Treasurer for exehanep irit^
silver certificates only; Some tfme a^o
the' Assistant Treasurer in San iSSc'SK
sent to Washington for silver certificates
to meet the demand for such. The rer>?v
returned was that there was such a lim^
lted supply of silver certificates that ¦non«
of November the office received by wire
these words: "Your telegram recelwd
You may issue gold coin for the redemo'
tion of silver dollars." Whether th?«
order is to . continue In force the San
Francisco office does -not know but it
may be canceled at any moment
two candidates the one receiving the high
est number of votes has a majority over
his opponent. . ir there are more than
two candidates and the vote of the hleh
est exceeds that of all the other candi
dates combined that also Is a majority -
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
' TWO BRITISH SHIPS— An English
man, City. The Powerful and the Ter
rible of the English navy are flrst-clas3
cruisers. Each vessel is of 14,200 tons dis
placement. • .
SIXTEEN TO ONE— D., City. This cor
respondent asks, "What Is the, meaning
of sixteen to one. politically speaking?"
In tne light of recent events sixteen to
one politically means a dead failure.
DECLARATION OF WAR— A sub
scriber, • Fniltvale, Cal. Spain declared
war against the ;' United States on the
21st of April," 18S8, when the Spanish Gov
ernment sent Minister Woodford his pass
port ¦ ..'-¦./ .,..••; ~,;. .; . : ¦ ¦ ;;A _.' : ;
MAIL TO DAWSON— Subscriber/ City.
During the winter , months ' while ¦ the Yu
kon River \ Is closed by . ice mail - will • be
sent . regularly from , San Francisco •"£ to
Dawson city, but only letter ;mall; will
be carried.
ABRIDE^RM. C., City. Bride is ap
plied .to a" ; w6man newly married or about
to r be", married. As :' a localism In the
United Statesp the: term Is : applied* to a.
formally betrothed .woman." '<.. _ ¦ ¦ -•• ¦
PLURALITY AND MAJORITY-Sub
scriber, ? City. Plurality. In r the counting
of ; votes ' at an ' election Is | what ' the : high
est- vote : Is ; In 1 excess • of ".what 1 the i next
highest vote ; is, provided there , are more
than two candidates. If ' therV are ; - but
If one thing more than another has been proved in
the Federal investigation of Cape Nome frauds it is
that the miners consider their gold very much safer
in the ground than in the hands of any receiver.
Oakland has drawn herself to us by still closer
•bonds of union. She is having all sorts of trouble
with .her municipal charter and its gross inadequacies,
and probably a fellow feeling makes us wondrous
kind. ¦ : -
The mischievous faith. healers, in whose wake so
fjuch distress, unrest and death have appeared, have
arrived in Victoria. It is to be hoped that they will
continue their journey to the north and in the ice
practice upon themselves. *
Mayor Snow of Oakland has created a mild sensa
tion by accusing the Councilmen of being grabbers
after patronage. Perhaps his Honor thinks that if the
example of San Francisco be a precedent he and no:
the Counciimcn should be grabber-in-chief.
The Japanese who are located in this city are show
ing marked and most encouraging signs of improve
ment. When they start out to indulge their pastime
of killing people they have recently limited their en
deavors to victims among themselves.
Judgment has been entered in London for a large
sum against an American clergyman who. came to
grief floating speculative schemes. He probably made
.the mistake of believing that the "futures" of faith
were the same as the "futures" of the stock market
and that experience in one meant confidence in the
Happy Lake County.
After reading of the terrible storms in
the Bust and the lesser but damaging
winds and floods In other parts of this
State, let us be thankful that we live in
l^ake County.— LAKE COUNTY BEE.
Model Government. .
It may be accepted as certain that the
model government of the future has- yet
to be found; and it only can be found
when the individual citizen purges himself
of personal Belflshness for the general
good and learns the wisdom of practic
ing the golden rule.— FRESNO DEMO
CRAT.
A Primary law.
In suggesting bills for the enactment of
a primary election law the large number
of "reformers" who have been elected to
tho Legislature, which m«ts in January,
should confine themselves to the Stratton
act of 1899. Any attempt to depart from
the principles laid down In that statute
will be attended with more or less risk.—
RED BLUFF PEOPLE'S CAUSE.
Outgrown Its Clothes.
Watsonville has enough population to
entitle it to reincorporate as a city of the
hfth class. It has outgrown the limita
tions of its present charter and It should
reinoorporato or elect a Board of Free
holders and frame a new charter. If re
incorporated as a 'city of the fifth class
the troublesome question of river front
improvement could be easily handled
within a short time.— WATSONVILLBi
PAJARONIAN.
A Wonderful Record.
I The record of this favored State is a
wonderful one. First the golden era. then
the age of stock raising, when her untilled
plains andi valleys were overrtin by myri
ads of horses and cattle. . The age of
cereals came next and still remains with
us. Then Flora and Pomona spread tbeir
wings over this glorious sunset land, and
her orchards bloomed as the rose and bore
fruits for the million. Now the age of oil
Is dawning, with a future beyond proph
ecy. Gold, cattle, fruit, oil are coming
up from the- teeming earth to bless with
prosperity the people of the realm. Are
we of the West not fortunate to find our
CALIPOBNIA27S TN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— W. P. Dunham
of Los Angeles and Joseph S. Spear Jr.
and wife of San Francisco are at th«
Shoreham: Herbert Hum© Is et the- Ar
lington; W. H. Taylor is at the Raleigh;
T. Dlckson Is at the National, and G. M.
Roberts is at the Metropolitan— ail from
San Francisco.
Choice candles. Townsend's^Palac* Hotel.*
Best eyeglasses, specs. 13o to 40c, at tl
Fourth, front of barber and grocery store.*
Towncend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
633 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by toe
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), aXO Mont
gomery gt. Telephone Mala 1042. •
•Tes. I went to hear the singers at tho
bite opera house In New York."
"Singing the operas In English, weren't'
they?"
"In English? "Well, say, I didn't think
to ask."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
lines cast in such pleasant places? —
HEALDSBURG TRIBUNE.
Too Many Normal Schools. •
State Superintendent Kirk In his Mcn
nlal report supyests that there t» little
need for the five normul schools now be
ing maintained by the State. He recom
mends that some of these Institutions
ml<ht profitably be turned into industrial
schools. Tho others should be made pro
fessional training schools purely and not
academic -schools, ns at present.—UA
KEKSFIELC ¦ CALIFORNIA!*.
Hen to Man the Ships. '
Our navy Is fast taking" rank among the
great navies of the world. Congress has
been commendably liberal In the matter
of appropriations for new vessels, and
when those now under construction or
authorized are completed we shall have
a naval fleet commensurate in some de
gree with our greatness as a nation, and
•with the work which naturally falls to the
naval department. But the enormous ex
perse attendant upon this buUdlnc up of
our navai establishment will be practi
cally wasted If, through a mi jt alien policy
of economy, a sufficient number of men be
not authorized for the naval service un
der all possible exigencies. — LOS AN
GELES TIMES.
No Gerrymander.
There is, much talk among the people In
legard' to reapport'oning this State into
Congressional districts, and no doubt sev
eral redistrlctlng bill3 will be presented to
the Legislature. The Standard has looked
the ground over qu.'te carefully and is of
?he opinion that no gerrymander of the
State should be attempted. California is
a great State of diversified industries. It
is difficult to so apportion the State as to
put all the counties having common In
terests Into the same district. Naturally
we of the First District arc more con
cerned in regard to the formation of this
oJstrict than of any other, and we shall
encounter a great diversity of opinion in
legard to what counties it should contain.
But when all is said that may be said,
what new combination of counties can ba
made that •will be any better than the
1-rerent district?— HUMBOLDT STAN
DARD. -; " > .
IT "WAS THE .ROUTE IN 49!
It Is -the Route To-Day, end Will Ba
For All Time to Come.
Ladles and children traveling without escort
appreciate the advantage of a solid vestlbuled
train, like "The Overland Limited." running
through from San Francisco to Chlcaso, with
out change, IN LESS TIIAX THREE DATS.
Leaving: San Francisco dally at 10 a. m., via
Central Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern railways. . .
Gulller* Thanksgiving mince pl«. Icecream.
S05 Larkln at., phone East 13S. •
•A New Hartford. Conn., strawberry
F row . e !k-^- M - G I &V A l3 e ol ns to try to col
lect J100 from the State for berries eaten
by the three deer that roam about that
section.
Editorial Opinion From All Parts of the State
on Matters of Interest.
SPIRIT OF CALIFORNIA PRESS
It is gratifying that the Fruit-growers' Convention,
is giving attention to the subject. In fact, the repre
sentatives of all lines of industry and commerce in'
the State ought to take part in the work of 'prepar-'.
ing for a comprehensive State exhibit. The exposi
tion is not going to be a small one by. any means, and
California ought to take a conspicuous place among
the States that are foremost in quantity, variety and
quality of exhibits.
.. Furthermore, it is; to be. remembered the Bureau of
American. Republics has now ' become well estab
lished and has developed a wide field of activity in
promoting trade between ourselves and other Ameri
can countries. Thus everything is well prepared for
promoting any line of trade that may be started as a
result of the exposition. In fact, the great fair is to
come at a most opportune time, for it coincides -with
a new industrial and commercial, movement through
out the world, and with a'gathering in Mexico" de
signed.for the express purpose of fostering that very
trade- which it is the object of the exposition to pro-
For some time past there have been reports of thfc
existence of an ill-feeling among the South Ameri
cans against the people of the United States growing
out of their racial sympathy with the Spanish during
the war. The reports may have had a foundation of
tiuth, but they appear to have been greatly
ated. At any rate there has been" no official mani
festation of antagonism to us nor any sign of indif
ference toward the exposition. In his message the
President announced that the Latin-American states
have evinced the liveliest interest in the Pan-
American Congress which is to assemble in the City
of Mexico, and he draws from that fact encourage
ment for the hope that, at the exposition the display
of exhibits from those countries will be much larger
than they would have bee*n had not the International
Congress. been called. < v > "<>>.
THE BUFFALO EXPOSITION.
CALIFORNIA'S int-erest in the trade of South
and Central America and Mexico is. certainly
inferior to that of any other section of the
Union, and consequently the pan-American exposi
tion to be held at Buffalo next year is one in which
we should take part and make the best showing pos
sible of all lines of goods for which there is likely to
be any demand either in the countries south of us or
in our own Eastern States.
There have been times when if Mr. Bryan had said,
*'I will not keep silent for money, but I will not keep
.silent without it," large sums could have been raised
to keep him still. The country was so tired of him.
But now its fatigue has been expressed in a vote, in
which ht wins Idaho. Montana, Colorado and Ne
vada, and the Southern States where he did not
Speak, and loses ?11 the States where he did, and peo
ple feel better and arc indifferent whether anybody
pays him anything for what he thinks he thinks, or
not.
A careful search of all that he has said heretofore
fiils to reveal the least indication of consideration and
study of the subject. His method has*been what the
old Hoosier lady called "ad claptrapanddrum." Let
us be thankful that he is going to consider and study
hereafter, for that means a long and desirable silence.
Then. too. it may be that he will really get some
ideas in his head; he may learn something. The
ccuntry will turn a grateful ear to the -profound si
lence in which he will wrap himself, and will hope
that nobody will lure him out of it with a bank check.
Hereafter it is. "Drop a coin in the slot and get a
carefully considered opinion.*' as- far as Colonel
Bryan is concerned. When it comes to talk, money
must speak first. We think he is the first public man
h; the United States who puts a newspaper interview
on the C. O. D. basis. Taking one's ryes off the so-
did aspect of his declaration, one is compelled to ad
mit that, after all. he has learned something. In very
turbid English and rather primitive grammar he lets
the world know that hereafter he will not discuss sub
jects of importance, except for money, nor until "after
consideration and study."
Recently the Record Bent a reporter to him for an
interview. "The peerless one" refused, saying: 'I
am not writing for money, but I will not write with
out it. If I were to discuss subjects of importance I
should wish to do so only after consideration and
study, and I should wish to prepare a careful state
ment at my, leisure. If I should be willing to give in
terviews on all these questions the newspapers would
keep me bus-y practically all the lime, and I should
find that when I came to write for myself I had prac
tically printed much of it before."
THE Chicago Record grave Colonel Bryan's can
didacy much aid and comfort in the dark days
when it was sick unto death and in need of a
pastoral visit.
BRYAN'S THRIFT.
Ed C. Denlgan of the firm of Thomas
J. Denignn, Son & Co., wool merchants
started East yesterday accompanied by
his Bister Florence. They will be absent
about a month.
S. F. Booth, district freight and passen
ger agent for the Southern Pacific at
Fresno, Is In town for a few days.
Mrs. Joseph Jeller and daughter of
Bouldln Island are at the California. Miss
Jeller Is to attend one of the select pri
vate schools here,
T. H. Minor, a leading redwtxxl man
ufacturer and capitalist of Arcata, Hum
boldt County, Is at the Grand.
L. E. Dean, a Bakersfleld attorney and
oil man, was among yesterday's arrivals
at the Grand.
8. R. Porter, a Sutter Creek mining
man. accompanied by his wife. Is at th©
Occidental. '¦',.:'¦?'¦ ¦"
F. L. Bradman of tho United St£e«
Marine Corps Is at the Occidental.' -i£>$
Alden Anderson, Speaker of the last As
sembly, Is* registered at the Grand. •
H. K. Stahl. a prominent San Jose m!n
ingr man, is at the Grand for a few days.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Frank J. Tetreau. a Chlco merchant. Is
at the Grand.
W. R. Carlther of the Santa Rosa Press
Is at the California.
C. L. Webb, a Seattle merchant, Is reg
istered at the Palace.
Colonel C. C. Royce of Chlco Is regis
tered at the California.
G. B. Moore, merchant at San Antonio,
Tex., 13 at the Palace.
II. F. Anderson, vineyardlst at Ben Lo
mond, is at the California.
SAYS BEEF EATING
CAUSES INSANITY
Mr. i Perky of Massachusetts Refuses ?to
Mince the Matter.
A New Race Question.
Possibly a new race question may de
velop out of the Hawaiian affair, but a
Territorial Delegate 13 not after all a very
important personage, and the Government
at Washington still lives.— CHICAGO
TIMES-HERALD.
The Terrible "If."
If cheers were volunteers and flags were
fighting men, and if crowds were battla
ships. Kroner's reception in France might
mean something of practical importance
to his people.— CLEVELAND LEADER.
It Does Not Pay.
Gerrymandering docs not pay, political
ly. In the North public opinion will re
sent an obvious attempt by distorted
composition of districts to deprive either
party of fair representation. It will b-J
the part of wisdom for Republican Legis
latures to use judiciously their power of
diviciine so many States into new Con
cessional districts.— NEW YORK MAIL
AND EXPKESS.
Mississippi River Traffic.
There are two modes of makfnsr tha
Mississippi River of greater value for
traffic purposes than It Is now. One of
them Is the expenditure of large sums by
the General' Government for the Improve
ment of navigation and for the mainte
nance of improvements when made. Tfco
other mode is the Introduction by prtvato
enterprise of vessels which can be use<l
for traffic purposes without the necessity
for extensive and costly improvement
works. The latter mode, if feasible, is de
cidedly the better of the two.— CHICAGO
TRIBUNE.
Washington's Foresight.
We have many instances of the marve'.
ous power of looking into the future pos
sessed by the first President, but nons
can compare with his foresight in laying
ont this capital. It is said to be the only
city in the world that to-day exists just
as It originally was planned. Washing
ton saw with his mind's eye the enormous
growth that would come to his country
and he provided a capital worthy of It.
We are told that he was abused an<i
called a lunatic for, as one historian puts
it, "laying out all creation and calling it
a town.*— KANSAS CITY JOURNAL.
No Substitute for Saloon.
The average' American' saloon Is sup
ported by men who drink for alcoholic
stimulation. The social features that ara
added merelv prolong their stay and
tempt them to excesses. There is there
fore no "substitute" for the saloon be
cause there Is no substitute for alcohol.
It must follow, then, that the most ef
fective way to mltipate the evils of sa
loons which sell spirituous liquora Is to
remove as far as possible all their social
features and allurements — the same as ia
done In every country where the Govern
ment assumes entire charge of the sa!»
of intoxicating: Ilquor3.— NEW YORK
TIMES. -^ - ¦¦
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
The problem of providing for public safety, then,
appears to be the only one that remains to be solved
in the work of providing an. electric substitute for
steam on railways. Human ingenuity that ha*s
achieved such wonders in recent years will not long be
baffled by a difficulty of that kind, and it is quite pos
sible, therefore, that a large mileage of electric rail
way for freight and passenger service may soon be
in operation in all parts ol the Union.
While the results of experiments have been received
with general gratification, it is noted that the new im
provement, like every other, brings something of evil
in its train and is not an unmixed benefit. The third
rail is a potent means of electric propulsion, but it is
dangerous. Commenting upon the operation of the
system in that city the Brooklyn Eagle says: "All in
all, the 'third rail' system appears to have produced
more practical results than any competing device.
But what about its safety? l On the Brooklyn elevated
road it has had a number of fatal mishaps during. the
short time it has been in operation, and how will it
be in a road laid on the ground? Will it be safe
at grade crossings? May people walk along the
tracks with impunity, as now, subject only to the
danger of being run over by a train? If not, then
the third rail system cannot expect universal or even
widespread adoption."
The authorities of the Vanderbilt system are under
stood to have set their technical staff to work to de
vise some means of substituting electricity! for steam
in hauling their cars through the tunnels in the city
from the Grand Central Depot to Harlem River. They
have not been satisfied with the overhead trolley, but
it is now believed the third rail method may solve the
difficulty.
Both experiments are reported to have been suc
cessful. It is said that on the Hudson and Albany
road "heavy cars holding sixty passengers each trav
eled easily thirty-five miles in fifty-five minutes," and
it is added/ "Electricians present that electricity
would supplant steam on all railroads in the near
future."
Interest in the subject has been renewed by the
recent opening of an electric line from Hudson to
Albany, N. Y., paralleling the Hudson River Rail
road, and designed to do a general railway business,
carrying freight as well as passengers. .It is said to
be the first venture of the kind on a large scale, and
i? therefore being studied with a good' deal of atten
tion. Local interest in New York*was. increased' in
the enterprise by the fact that on the same day the
road between Albany and Hudson was opened an
experiment was made in operating the Manhattan
elevated railway by the same method of electric pro
pulsion, that known as the "third rail" system;
LONG DISTANCE ELECTRIC RAILWAY
S'OME time ago we directed attention to an ex
perimental trip made -by a party .of. tourists
fron^ Boston to New York by various electric
lines operating between the two cities. It was then
pointed out that while the experiment showed that
the 'trolley lines do not constitute a serious compe
tition to steam railways, their weakness' in that re
spect was .largely due* to the fact that they had not
been constructed for that purpose; that they did not
form a single direct line and were not designed for
long^ distance traveling. Consequently the failure of
the experiment of using trolley lines for. journeys be
tween thg two cities did not conclusively; establish the
superiority of steam over electricity for long roads.
The President's declaration that the party in power
is pledged to a distributive reform will be gratifying
to the farmers, miners, stock men and other business
men who must use their credit remote from the con
gested money centers.
This is a complete exposition of the benefits pi
more equal distribution as against the congestion of
currency in money centers.
Mr. Brough, commenting on the Canadian system
of banking, says: "The per capita statisticians would
have us believe that we are hopelessly dependent upon
the volume of the precious metals for our medium of
exchange, and yet Canada maintains a paper circula
tion of $16 40 per head on a metallic base of $2 64
per capita, without the least strain to her credit;
while in the United States our paper currency aver
ages $16 40 per head, with a metallic base of $11 36
per head. As the proportion of metallic . money to
credit is three times greater in the United States than
it is in Canada, the difference against us, amounting
to $378,673,355, may be regarded as just so much pro
ductive capital abstracted from industry and con*
verted into dead capital, for no one can doubt our
ability to maintain as large a proportion of credit
currency as Canada, if we will but adopt the proper
legislative measures."
Mr. Conant, in his "History of Banks of Issue,"
referring to the Scotch banks, says'> "The proof of
the large savings of the Scotch people, and their gen
eral use of banking facilities, may be found in the
bank returns of the United Kingdom for 1894. These
returns show that, in spite of the enormous wealth
and banking business concentrated in London, the
deposit liabilities of the Scotch banks divided by
the population of Scotland show a per capita average
of £27, while those of England show an average of £22.
The ten Scottish banks of issue have now over 000
offices, or branches, or one for every 4500 people,
men, women and children. The gain of economy in
this perfect distribution of currency is proved by the
fact that Scotland has carried on its business with a
circulation of £3,500.000, while in England the circu
lation is from £50,000,000 to £60,000,000, or, allowing
for the difference in population, England has re
quired a currency thrc; times greater than Scotland."
The President says significantly: "The party in
power is committed to such legislation as will make
the currency responsive to the varying needs of busi
ness at all seasons and in all sections."
As a result of the establishment of these new banks
and permission to issue notes to the par value of the
bonds which secure them, the increase in the na
tional bank note issue between March 14 and Novem
ber 30 of this year was $77,899,570.
A partial remedy for this condition has been found
in the provision of the gold standard law which per
mits the organization of banks with $25,000 capital,
and authorizes their issue of currency up to the par
value of the bonds deposited with tlie treasury to se
cure it. The President notes that under this law 369
banks have organized, of which 266 have a capital of
less than $50,000, and 103 have a capital of_ $50,000, or
more. These banks are mostly in the West. Iowa,
in which the head center of financial folly was long
located, and where greenbackism became formidable,
even electing Calamity Weller twice to Congress upon
his promise to secure, "a more and a fittener cur
rency," has thirty of these new banks, able to locally
supply the needs of the State for currency. Texas,
Oklahoma, the Indian Territory and the West and
Southwest generally, have^taken advantage of this
greater freedom of banking, and it is worth while to
notice that a reduction in the unsound money vote
has followed the line of these improved banking fa
cilities.
All the time it was rot a question of the volume of
money, but of its distribution. It was congested in
the centers, in the cities, and the cquntry was left with
too little while the cities had too much.
It was seen by students of the political situation early
in the adolescent stage of greenbackism that heresies
on the money question were being propagated be
cause of the cost and difficulty that attended the use
of credit in sections of the country remote from the
financial centers. In this arose the theory that money
must be sent from New York or even released from
the Federal treasury at certain seasons "to move the
crops." It was by use of this theory that Grant's ad
ministration was played with by Gould and Fisk in
the financial tragedy of "the Black Friday." Under
that theory of a currency the money transferred to a
distance to meet an emergency soon returned to its
source, and when the--real necessities of the farmer,
which occur' at seedtime, appeared, he found himself
obliged to use his credit in the most indirect and ex
pensive way, . Usually it was possible to use it at
all only at the local store, where he paid for it by a
smart advance in prices upon his time purchase.
Thence the credit was handed on by the storekeeper
to the wholesaler in the commercial and financial cen
ter, and when the money came to the country to move
the crops in the fall it was a mere bird of passage.
The farmer took it for his crop, paid ft at the country
store in discharge of his long and costly credit, and
the country store immediately sent it back to the cen
ter in discharge of his debt to the city wholesaler. In
that way it evaporated, was lost to any use beneficial
to the agricultural business man and left him in con
dition unimproved, to repeat the same costly and in
direct use of his credit when seedtime again compelled
him to employ it. It may be truthfully said that this
inconvenient and costly method of employing credit
was the cause of one-half the farm mortgages that
were recently the bogy conjured by financial quacks
to demonstrate the necessity for more money.
OF necessity the greater part of the President's
message is taken up with a discussion of Chi
nese matters and information upon the vexed
questions that go with our external . policy.
But there are matters that take less space that are. by
no means secondary in importance. Indeed, while the
foreign and external relations of the Government re
quire always a longer statement, because they often
transpire only through the annual message, having oc
curred beyond the daily note and vision of the peo
ple, it may be truly said that they are really second
ary to domestic policy and affairs which are the home"
concern of all the people.
BETTER BANKING.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, :^Dp!SDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1900.
6
AMTJSE3UENTS.
A:h*m!-ra~"A Hot OM Time."
California— Hsverly"* ailr-.ytrets.
OrpJjpuir. — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Madame Butterfly."
Columbia— 'The Fortune Teller." : *
Tivoll— "A Jolly Musketeer."
Olyicpia. comer Ma?on acd Eddy ¦treets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
1 Evening.
Fischer'*— Vau<Jevi!!e.
California Jockey Club. Oakland Racetrack— Race« to-day.
AUCTION SftLES
By Pwitzer— Friday, nwmbtt L' at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
Twelfth and Harrison Ftrwts.
By B. P. Oa ver— Wednesday. December 12. at U o'clock.
Real Estate, at C22 Sutter street..
ADVEBTIgEMEKTS.
A DELICATE CHILD
Let a delicate child take a
little Scott's emulsion of cod«
liver oil after breakfast or
dinner— not too muchv— too
much will upset the stomach.
Better too little than too much.
The effect will be slow; it
ought to be slow. In a week,
you will see it began the first
cfciy. Don't be in a hurry.
We'll send you a little to try If you like.
SCOTT & BO WE. 4og Perl street. K«w Y «Xthe president of the parlor. The pro
gramme included ten of the latest dances
with three extras. Miss Mary Nco
nan, floor director was assisted by Miss
Jennie Wilson and the following named
members of the floor committee: Miss
EHza D. Keith. Miss Anna Brown Miss
Kathleen Nunan, Miss Flora Champreux
Miss Lizzie Sullivan, Miss Rena Hanna.
Miss Annie Mclntyre, Miss 'Lucy Tasto,
Mrs. Fannie de Roos, Miss Lillian Wilson
Miss Mabel Shaw. Miss Grace Vail, Miss
Dorothea Strei, Miss Emily Marc.
The committee of arrangements was
composed of Miss Mary Noonan, Miss
Jennie Wilson Miss Mabel Miller, Mrs.
R. Kemp Van Ee, Miss Mamie E. McCar
thy, Miss Mollie Brown, Miss M.,O'Con
nor.
Grand President Mrs. Ema Gatt will,
durinsr the current week, visit the parlor
at Lodi and the one at Tracy, after which
she will come to this city to continue her
visits to the local parlors.
The following named visitors called at
the office of the grand secretary during
the past week: Mrs. B. S. Smith city
Mrs. C. L. Zeigler of Darina Parlor; Mrs.
Plaisted of Salt Lake:* Miss Lilly O.
Reichllng. the founder of the order; Mrs.
Lena H. Mills. P. G. P.; Mrs. Leemore of
Princess Parlor. Los Angeles, and Mis3
Maggie Leslie of Buena Vista Parlor.
The grand secretary lias received a com
munication from the grand secretary of
the Grand Cabin of the Native Daughters
of Oregon. That order has a membership
of 800 distributed in twenty-two cabins.
Lcs Lomas Parlor, the popular organi
zation of the Mission district, will jpve a
hollyberry hop Iiv-Misslon Parlor. Hall on
the night of the 12th inst.
Stockton Elks.
Stockton Lodge has placed one more
name on its memorial tablet. It Is that
of the late ex-Sheriff Thomas Cunning
ham.
At its last held session this lodge elected
four candidates, initiated two and received
four applications.
On the 18th inst. the lodge will hold a
social session, when Judge Post of Sacra
mento will preside.
Independent " Foresters.
On the nlg-ht of the 19th of November
Court Seal Rock had an anniversary
party ln Devieadero Hall which was at
tendeVJ by many friends of the members,
who were very hospitably entertained ami
a pleasant evening was spent. There was
a ball and then a banquet.
On the nleht of the 24th of November
the members of Court Preclta enjoyed a
regular Foresters' smoker in Mangels'
Hall, corner of Twenlv-fourth and Fol
som streets. An interesting programme
was presented for the enjoyment of the
many who were on hand to partake of the
hospitality of the court through its com
mittee of arrangements. If anybody did
not have a good time it was the fault of
the individual and not the committee.
MRS. ALICE F. HICKIE, MA
TRON OF MISSION CHAPTER.
Photo by Peters.
O'Leary's Property Sold.
A lot of land on Market street, 200 feet
northwesterly from City Hall square, be
longing to the estate of the late Furgls
O'Leary, was ordered sold by Judge Cof
fey yesterday to Matthew Nunan, propri
etor of the Hibernia Brewery, for $62,500.
Bebekah Concert.
The concert given in Odd Fellows' Hall
last evening by Loyal Rebekah Lodge.
I. O. O. F., was a most delightful affair
that was enjoyed by a large number of
people. The programme was made up of
vocal and instrumental numbers contrib
uted by Miss Louise A. Levy, Miss Grace
Savage, Misses Theresa and Lilly Sher
wood and Robert Lloyd. The feature of
the evening was a piano recital by little
Paloma Schram«v, accompanied on a sec
ond piano by her sister Karla. It was the
last appearance in this city of the child
wonder, who to-day leaves for Europe.
MEN WITH "KNOCKOUT
DROPS" ARE PmnSTTT.T)
Two Sent to County Jail for Six
Months and One for Three
Months.
The Police Judges have made common
cause with the police in the effort to
stamp out the commission of crime by the
use of "knockout drops." Yesterday
John Williams and W. Johnston, who
were arrested by Detectives Fitzgerald
and Graham and Policeman Pendergast
in the Mission and when searched were
found to have bottles of the "drops" In
their possession, were convicted on a
charge of vagrancy ln Judge Fritz's court
and were each sentenced to six months ln
the County Jail, which is the limit. C. L.
Morgan, the City Chemist, testified that
the stuff ln the bottles was what la
commonly known as "knockout drops'*
and would soon put a man to sleep.
Louis Cuneo, alias Horan, who was ar
rested by Detectives Wren and Dlnan
arid had "knockout drops" in his posses
sion, was also convicted by Judge Conlan
of vagrancy and was sent to the County
Jail for three months. The Judge said
that as It was the first case of the kind
that had come before him he would not
infliot the full penalty, but he would not
be so lenient the next time.
Move May Indicate Walk
out in all Important Points of
State— Men (Jain
Victory.
». — —
The linemen of the Western Union Tele
graph Company have Joined the ranks of
the strikers and the union last night an
nounced its determination to issue an
ultimatum to. the employers as .soon as
it can get the employes of the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Light Company to
come out. ...
President Keefe said last night that
everything was progressing favorably
and that his men were perfectly content.
Yesterday was pay day and all the men
drew their wages. They will accede to
no terms but those they dictate.
A short-lived sympathetic strike was
that of the Burglar Alarm employes yes
terday morning. It resulted ln a victory
for the men by evening. The Municipal
Burglar Alarm Is a branch of the Amer
ican District Telegraph Company.
At the union headquarters the talk yes
terday centered on the probable action of
the Pacific States Telephone Company's
linemen. There is much debate over
whether or not they will walk out, but
the probability Is that they will If the
pressure become much greater.
A significant action was taken yester
day which seems to point to an effort to
make the strike general ln the large
cities of the State. Two delegates, T.
Murphy and F. D. Meagher, were sent to
Stockton as delegates of the union to con
fer with the union of the Slough City as
to the advisability of declaring a strike
there. .;. .
The Mutual Electric Light Company ac
ceded to the demands of its employes last
evening.
Delegates Leave to Meet
Linemen of the Slough
City Companies.
STRIKERS SEND
TO STOCKTON
THERE- was a spirited meeting in
the Ruby Hall, Red Men's build
ing, last ni^ht of the members of
George H. Thomas Post, G. A.
R-, the occasion being the elec
tion of officers for the ensuing term-
There were 130 votes cast, with the follow
ing result:
A. D. Cutler, past commander; Selden
Sturges, senior vice commander; F. L.
Turpln, junior vice commander; C. H.
Blum, Quartermaster; L. L. Dorr, sur
geon; R. R. Bigelow, chaplain; Ellery
Wells, officer of the day: John Rush, offl- '
cor of the guard; W. R. Parnell, C. E.
Wilson and Phil I. Fisher, trustees.
The new commander has been a mem
ber of the post since 1SS1. He served as
benlor vice commander and aid de camp
on the staff of the commander in chief in
If88 and on that of Commander in Chief
Adams in 1S92. He served in the civil
war as a private in the Sixth Massachu
setts Volunteers, being one of those who
rassed through Baltimore April 19, 1S61.
He made a good record during the war
and is a very popular member of the post.
George H. Thomas Post is the largest
subordinate branch of the Grand Army
vest of Chicago, numbering 3io out of
1100 whose names were entered on the
muster roll since 1S79.
m
The Odd Fellows.
Grand Master "ft atson will pay an offi
cial visit on the night of the 6th Inst. to
Yerba Buena Lodge in this city. On the
night of the 7th he will visit San Jose,
where there will be a joint meeting of the
lodges of that city in the hall of Garden
City Lodge.
Next Saturday there will be a meeting
of the trustees of the Odd Fellows' Home
at Thermalito, when applications for ad
mission will be considered.
Through the energetic efforts of A. A.
Friodlander. chairman, and A. H. Breck
woldt, secretary of the committee hav
ing charge of the entertainment that is
to be given in the Tlvoli on the night of
the 12th inst. in aid of the Friendship
Fund of the general relief committee of
this city, the affair will be a great suc
cess. The local lodges have responded
liberally and the lodges of the Interior are
sending in money for tickets to help swell
the fund which is used for the assistance
I of Odd Fellows ¦who come to this city
from outside its limits and are in distress.
The Bebekahs.
The entertainment that was given last
week by the San Francisco Drill Corps
No. 2 in the banquet hall of the Odd Fel
lows' building was well attended and was
a most delightful affair. The programme
Included an instrumental overture by Ar
thur Merrifield; recitation, Edna Ten
Eyck; contralto solo, Mrs. J. BardeUlni;
piano recital. Miss Slater; comic numbers
by memhfrs of the corps and several num
bers by others. Roy A. Daniels was the
master of ceremonies. Dancing followed
the programme and everybody was happy.
On the night ot the 21th of November
Mission Rebekah Lodge had a peanut so
cial in Excelsior Hall which was attended
by a large number of sociable people. The
decorations in the hall were peanuts, and
the members were all provided In liberal
quantity with ihe toothsome food. Grand
Master" W. W. Watson opened the pro
gramme of the evening with a short ad
dress, after which Miss Susie Pracey fa
vored with a piano solo, Mrs. Miller en
tertained with n recitation. William Hen
ry Barnes P. G. M.. delivered an amusing
address on the peanut and the part it has,
played in the history of the world. He
also entertained with coon songs. The
A. D. CUTLER, ELECTED COM
MANDER OF GEORGE H.
THOMAS POST. G. A. R.
programme closed with an exhibition of
fancy dancing l«y little Miss Ida Bennett.
After the programme there was dancing
and then a collation and ice cream.
Amity Lodge has turned in its contribu
tion to the hospital fund for the Orphans' i
Home at Gilroy. The sum total is 5100, the ,
largest amount contributed by any lodges
up to date. f ,
The president of the California Assem
bly, Mrs. Caroline A. Hoxett, announces
the following official visits for. the cur
rent month. Where the name of the lodge
is the same as the towTi the name of the ,
town is not given: Willows lxxige, Decem- >
ber S; Phebe Lodge at Capay, 4thf Win
ter Lodge. 5th; Aurora at Dixoh. 6th; Va
caville, 7th; Templar. San Francisco, 8th;
Brooklyn, East Oakland, 10th; Absit Invi
dia, Oakland, 11th: Golden i>ink. Fruitvale,
12th; Sunset. Oakland. 14th; Fair Oaks,
Alameda, loth; Loyal, San Francisco. 17th;
Jubilee. San Francisco. 18th, and Occi
dental, San Francisco, 19th
The Eastern Star.
The following named were received into
the membership of Mission Chapter of the
Order of the Eastern Star by initiation
on the night of November 24: Elsie M.
Kelly, Dora Rosner, Rofena C. May, Con
rad L.. Drlefer, Bertha C. Drlefer and An
nie L. Gruenhagen. Henry B. and Annie
E. Madison were to have been initiated
that evening, but they were unavoidably
detained. That meeting, the last business
one of the term of Mrs. Alice Frances
Hickle, the worthy matron, was at
tended by nearly two hundred per
sons, members of the order, and was held
In the beautiful hall of'the Mission Ma
sonic Temple. Among the well known
members of the order were: Mrs. 3. E.
Chesney, past grand matron, of Kansas;
M. Mixs, past grand patron of the same
jurisdiction; Past Grand Patron Darlinp,
Past Grand Organist Mrs. Darling, Grand
Secretary Mrs. Willats, Mrs. Frances
Bonnlfleld, matron of Ivy Chapter; Mrs.
Emma Carter, matron of Harmony Chap
ter; a number of the officers elect of the
local chapters and many past patrons and
matrons; also Venerable Past Grand
Patron \V. S. Moses, whose grandniece,
Miss E. M. Kelly, was admitted \ into
membership. After the work of the even
ing the venerable past patron delivered
an interesting address,- after which there
was an adjournment to the banquet hall,
where an excellent supper was served.
This chapter, under the matronship of
Mrs. HicKie, has had a most wonderful
record, one that any chapter might envy.
It gained sixty in membership and all its
meetings, whether on initiation night or
on ordinary business nights, were attend
ed by from one hundred and fifty to two
hundred members and visitors. A great
many visited because they all agreed that
"Mrs. Hlckie is such a lovable lady and
such a good and pleasant officer." After
every meeting the chapter always had an
hour of sociability and the matron and
her officers, who all acted in sisterly and
brotherly harmony, did all that could be
done to make the chapter room one of the
most pleasant in the local Jurisdiction.
The new officers of this chapter will be
installed on the 8th inst.
The officers of Golden Gate Chapter will
be installed on the 6th inst. The cere
mony will be to members of the order
only.
The Installation of the new officers of
Olive Branch Chapter, an extended no
tice of which appeared in The Call of last
Thursday, was one of the events of the,
week. The chapter under the guidance of
Mrs. Rose M. Plstolesi, the new matron,
and Dr. de Witt, the new patron, together
with the well chosen corps of, officers who
will assist them, will no doubt during the
current Eastern Star year maintain the
reputation that it attained under the di
rection of Miss McConkey, one of the
brightest officers that ever filled the sta
tion of matron.
Last week the officers of Ivy Chap
ter, whose term will expire In a few
days, held their last business meeting In
Golden Gate Hall, on which occasion
there were present about 200 members of
the order. The hall was decorated with
evergreens and the several stations cov
ered with calla lilies, chrysanthemums and
pinks, while the points of the central star
were provided with new chairs and table
in white enamel and gold, the handsomest
In any of the local chapters. There were
initiated five candidates in a manner that
¦won for the officers many words of warm
commendation. The music during the cer
emony was bv a choir composed of Flor
ence Perkins, James E. Gordon, Mrs. Car
rie Gordon, D. M. Lawrance and Mrs.
Warren. At the close of the beautiful
ceremony all present marched to the large
banquet hall below, where . there was
served a most excellent BUpper prepared
under the personal supervision of the
chairman of the committee. Mrs. Minnie
Fidellia Wallis, the conductress-elect. It
was served on tables that were most
tastefully decorated, and a feature of the
supper was Thanksgiving turkeys. The
lateness of the hour at which the entree
was made in the banquet hall prevented
the worthy matron, Mrs. Frances Boni
fleld, from calling on a number selected
to respond to sentiments, but there were
words of encouragement from Mrs. Alice
Frances Hlckie. matron of Mission Chap
ter, vocal selections by D. M. Lawrance
and James Gordon and a few words from
T. H. Selvege, an outsider, a specially in
vited guest to the supper.
The Druids.
Last week Isoble Grand Arch Harry
Lange visited officially the three Ger
man groves of this city — San Fran
cisco, Sigel and Eureka. Grand Sec
retary Graves and Past Grand Noble Arch
Martlnoni accompanied him. There were
also present twenty-six members of the
Past Arches' Association, who paid their
first visit to any grove since organization.
The visitors were v/ell received, but there
wa.s a little disappointment, as there were
no candidates to be Initiated The visit
ing officials gave the groves some sound
advice, expressing the hope that they
would follow the pace of the other groves
and make ,a showing of numerical in
crease before the meeting of the next
Grand Grove. After the close of business
there was an adjournment to the banquet
hall, where a tine collation was served,
and there were addresses for the good of
the order by the visiting officials. Past
Noble Grand Arch Judge Bahrs, District
Deputy. Hutton, and many others, some
of the a.ddres5es being In English and oth
ers in German.
Grand Marshal Gugliluoni organized a
new grove at Loleta. Humboldt County,
with a e-ood membership. There is a prom
ise of rapid increase.
The district deputy noble grand arch
visited Frceport last week !n company
of members of Acornian Grove and there
instituted a new grove with twenty-six
members, -who will work In the Portu
guese language. Owing to absence In the
southern part of the State the noble grand
arch and the grand secretary could not be
present. '
Reports from all parts of the Jurisdic
tion show a satisfactory increase.
At the meeting of the Past Arches* As
sociation, which now numbers more than
100 members, last Sunday twelve elipibles
were admitted by election. It was decided
to give an entertainment and i ball on the
night of the first Saturday In February,
1901. It was also decided that the associa
tion should pay two visits monthly to the
local groves In turn. The first of these
was to the German groves. In Joint session
last Wednesday night. , - •
It is announced that a new grove will
be started in this city at no distant day.
The officers of Benicia Grove were in
stalled at the last held meeting by acting:
District Deputy Johnson in : the presence
of members or the order from Falrfleld,
Napa. Sonoma and San Francisco. After
the ceremony there was a smoker and a
jolly good time. The new officers' wore
r.ew regalia for the : first . time. This
grove has. offered an emblematic ¦ medal
to any member who in a period of six
months will bring In five candidates for
initiation.
El Dorado Circle will have a Christmas
tree social in Washington Square Hall on
the night of the 27th Inst. Santa Claus
will distribute presents to the children. .
The Native Daughters.
Alta Parlor No. 3 on last Tuesda.'* night
gave a complimentary tall in' the Native
Sons' Hall to Its friends. The hall was
prettily but not elaborately decorated and
on the floor there were many, couples. Th-3
grand march. In which - there were about
a hundred couples, was led < by Professor
andvMiss Mamlo ¦ E. McCarthy^
Weil-Known and* Popular Veteran Wins the Honor in a
CUTLER IS CHOSEN THE COMMANDER
OF GEORGE H. THOMAS POST, G. A. R.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1900.
7
.Hale'g. | Hale'a. .^^ o
4- , * a.
route of Santa Claus I ' /~* s\
Market to Taylor, to Turk, to /f//^^' /J5\
Hyde, to O'Farrell, to Lar- ' ¦ *~7&*\J^]
kin, to Geary, to Polk, to jS"^ I
Vallejo. to Van Ness. He L_ -~-^!_ft -^ >cHWj f/7f*^^
will start from the store at 1 "^^^^ L O\j, , iJ-iyjf If ff /\ \
toys and dolls. /^^^^^l^^vS<ii i^ y J
on our great third floor you'll I (^ /^\Y^ ~^\*-^ J '
find a welcome something for I W sfcw^-^S [^Coa \
the little tots you wish to re- \\jry I tC*M J
member Christmas morning — \ vJr /
and the price will tax your v_^/
purse % llghtly.
granite toy dishes— set of nine pieces.. Iron range with complete 8«t of troa
.....40c cooking utensils— 6% Inches high.. 91.1O
• china tea sets of 21 pieces— each.. f 1.60 pewter tea sets of 23 pieces— «ach..0Se
elephant with moving head and tall— cows wIth voic«— on platform with
on rollers — each 4Oc 'wheel* — each .' ...75c
imitation oak toy dressers" with" draw- whlte «*n>el«V chiffonier with six
ers and oblong mirror-brass trimmTd- * ra ,X VE^X?*'*™*
24 Inches high-only «1.70 ? S inches high— only *«•?}*>
tnv «n«on«_«.t n t .i» i n« lron combination bank— only 25e
toy Kpoons-set of six lOc d^^ do n»_i$ inches high— each.. ©80
worth while reductions in ladies' muslin underwear. ;
it's "cleaning up time", in the undermufllln store-Inventory day /
Is only Just around the corner and we want to g»t the stock ln ship-
shape order for that event, the gowns, skirts, drawers, corset cov-
ers and chemises told of to-day are the last of their respective line*
—that's the only excuse for the reduced prices.
ladles' drawers— two different style#-one is made with nmbrell* ruffle* of caa-
brtc and finished with deap hems— the other has umbrella, ruffles edsed with
lac*— only 350 pairs all told— regular price 25c a pair— now I9o
ladies' drawers o* fine quality Masonvilto cotton, finished with deeo hem-
stitched cambrio ruffles; also two other styles, made with cambrte nm-
y^v brella ruffles and trimmed with lace
f*-K. Ci*T — "** bwidred pairs ia th» lot — no-w.
T*V &TLJ t uidles* corset covers, of * good
xJ¥ /wStev muslin— made with the. popular V«
rff f j>. I tUS2!«a A »haped neck and trimmed with «v
r/bnSf'TK I TJmMMI } brotdery—each. only _ ISo
' r /^?r^W '^>m2**' •?•kl Ja<Ue« chamlses of soft flaiah nro»-
CAvQ'/>) Z3SM \ I! Un— two different styles— one Is
\juIj/S j| yp \l J made with a round yoke and flaishM
r^"^t P'fiW 111 with hemstitched ruffle at neck aad
f.jf I . \ Yl't'W I lv armholes — the- other hais square yok»
'Jl/ \ [' ml . yfl/,, o* embroidery Insertion asd fln«
Wn, ' \\i/» 'if I Wtlih tucVt s. laco trimmed neck and anxv-
• "I mil 11 \\''l noIes — 32S m to « lot— choice— each
/ \\ t 1 1 1 ladles* gowns of fine soft mixslln—
/ v \V\ ' ' II two different styles— one has square'
jp * \, P^ . \ 1 yoka of lace and embroidery inser-
/S«7/^?nfr\'\n*Hfti. \\ tlon aa<1 lac- trimmed neck— the
kffm'^mm^^^ ¦ JdJ I lU other ia mad8 wlth bUs yokt of « m - "
i^?^aft«iSE3KA broidery Insertion and rows of flas
e^&tLWwHS?^ WaJVv t ffl,^ tuck " * n<1 embroidery and trimmed
neck * ad cuffs— 195 in the lot— wortH
/• ~~ \Q **iij£&>**~ jj each or more— now, «acb .SSo
Market street, near Sixth, opposite Colden Cate> avenue,
~ — *
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
TWO CONTINENTS USING IT.
Positively Cures Catarrh, Asthma, Inflnenza, Co'ds, Conghs and
Most Diseases of tbe Nose, Head, Throat and Lungs.
/£*\ It reaches the sore
Wm Jz^**^ With FBPSt It heals the raw
wm m Inhalation, P la <*s-
HkI Mm Ail the medt cal, recuperative and tw?ne- Xt & oes to the 8eat of
«*^^J™L flclal Properties of the Eucalyptus and disease.
(5)8§HfflBCT P' ne trees combined, and harmonized
*WfflHH^' wltn nther pnicadous and medicaments, It penetrates obscure
m HjMj| are vitalized and made the more effec- places where drugs
FVw^A^fi«i tlve ln lhe irLhalatlon treatment. The taken into the Stom-
K*$tfJtftfl new of curatives-prepared h rflTirin i. rpnPh
I mm!* accordln S t? a formula ¦¦ discovered by aCh Cannot ™ &Ch '
l$$3$m Professor Munyon-glyes forth lnvapor a It acts as balm
ft' f€&SMiSi remrdial power that Is invincible. It . , , , ,
MfillmmM exudes, it exhales, it emits something— call and tonic to tne whole
KHgbSffiM it what you will— but that something Is al- system.
¦ rofflSmB ways health-glvinp. llfe-rcncwing. Un-
HPBmSmBJH er " s ' n fl uence throat and lung troubles Better than medi-
¦BKgSS^SB disappear; malaria diseases cannot exist.: cine. :
lit I It provides an almost miraculous antl-
BfflBBHSyl septic: It furnishes a germicide which Tlpftftr than rinrfnr^
. jllgfffiH simply annihilates disease- creating germs. iJetter tnan doctor3 -
»^^Pm Better than going 1 to
fB£HBHn The medicated vapor inhaled through sunny climes.
the mouth and emitted from the nostrils .
»tw.«i in clouds is so penetrating that stimulat- Better than any-
J\iew ±Lara ing and revivifying effects are felt at thine you have ever
Rubber' once. The bronchial tubes quickly yield .. j -¦¦.-.-.-.
- . o1 ._ up their phlegm. - All the air passages are tried.
AiuHuer. instantly cleared, cleansed and purified.
Made of Hard Rubber, Unbreakable, Unsellable. Can Be
Gdrricd in tbc-PockBt.'
You Breathe in a Grateful, Healing, Soothing Influence.
Not a Mere Odor.
THE OTVL. DRUG COMPANY, NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG COMPANY,
1128 Market St. 949 Market St.
ZEH'S CUT-RATE DRUG STORE, . McDONNELL PHARMACY,
1226 Market St ' 108 to U0 Grant Ave. .
GRANT DRUG COMPANY, GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.,
3S and 40 Third St. 214 Kearny. St.- .,
H. G. GERDES, REDMOND'S PHARMACY,
S45 Kearny St., cor. Pine. Polk and Eddy Sts.
Price ';$i;0Q t :^Complete, with All Medicines, at All Dru?grists. • „.
Or will be'sent by mail, postpaid, same price. For family use we have a larger
glass inhaler. ' Price J1.00. • - >
Ifyou have rheupatism, try-Munyon's^Rheumatism Cure; If you have dys-
pepsia, try his Dyspepsia Cure-: if you have kidney disease, try his Kidney Cure;
if you have headaches, try his Headache = Cure: If you; have any liver troubles,
try his Liver, Cure. Professor Munyon has prepared a special. remedy for- most •
every disease, with .which everybody can doctor and cure .himself. They are •".
mostly 25 cents each. Write to Professor- Munyon, .Twenty-sixth street and
¦ Broadway, New. York City. >
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Private 'Phone. Howard 1021.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
WHY PAY MOKE FOB GROCERIES ?
EXTRA SPECIAL FOK TO-DAY !
Open Evening^.
FLOUB — All brands, per sack 8Oc
Drifted Snow, Sperry's Golden
Gate, Crown, Sw&ndown.
Port Costa., etc. Reg. 95c.
Whv not trade where you save?
COFFEE — Java and . Mocha, very
best, pound 2uc
Ground or whole. Reg. 35c
I Coffee from Faber'B Is good.
COFFEE— Java and Mocha, bro- .
ken, pound UOd
Standing special — Ground
fresh ' II for . *>Oc
' Hest value ever offered.
SAND SOAP—Pride of kitchen.
8 bars 2oc
Removes grease, cleans house
from top to bottom.
An ajip^tlzer— Mm. Falxr"* Chill Sauce.
CORN — Pennant brand, per tin 1 Qc
Packed in its own juice from
selected ears. Reg- 15c.
Kor Xms Mince Meat— Mrs. Faber's. .
TABLE FBUIT&r-Pcachcs. Pears,
Apricots, large tins ,0e
Worth double.
Standard Quality. New Goods-
20 Specials Weekly.
Country ord<rr» a specialty, j
Avisit OR- JORDAN'S oreat! 1
iiSQSEVa OFfiSiATOMY
.Cf Tbe Largest Anatcmicnl Museum in tbe
t ' ,^i^***yy. V.'crld We*jtoecfc«v or any conrracteri
' isfrJW «"»e»".e s«r«l«f w^l r oorvd by the cidnt
V j gtjkfl &pecJti.KcnU>c'Co«3t Bs'.^jtMi*. ' i
£ IIP', OR. WR3|Ut--PEnfcTE DISEASES,
n £ jL*4a i-mcrt personally m by letter. A (
T ¦ y W nmjn* Om-ctn erery oseutxlenakeR. '
iMfl Hi> Write for Itxk.PUILOkOPRVtl:
W I If I] 1 * JlAHBlACr:, MAILED PRJB. (A'
X A It,' v»!uallc lx>ck for tarn;
W DO. ioRDAK Az KO., IC51 iiarkpt St..S. P. '
ia/. t: hoss,
K0TABT PCBLiaAH3ATT0aNBr.AT-I.AW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus • Sprockets Side.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, £21 California st.. below Powell,
tan Francisco. -
MISCELLANEOUS.
WILL BUT THIS JiEW PATENT BTJRNEB
OIL-HEATER.
yff Sent on approval.
— .r/&— °* tJ or country, to
/f^T^X b* returned at our
AHv^ngS expense if not satis-
JV iStST factory.
ggp; wn pay tub
||||§ FRRIGHT.
©9=|g|' % This heater has
•£j)''. >' ,!§5 larpe iron bnso. rf-
ifw«5f2# movablo cast top. I
*11i"iK& df gain nioke! Trim- j
j5&g«5iBgI xnings. Russian iron \
)iSr''? ;T 7¥«S cylinder, heipht :<1
P| S»3^Eo* inihi=s. base fijn 5 ud
|^5«aB^f There are other
g/ 13 heaters, but no oth-
er heaters an* fold i
with a guarantee i
like ours.
S6.00. ggnd {or catalo&ue , j
PATTOSIEN'S
•URXITURE EXPOSITION BUILDING.
Siztecrth aad Misiioa Streetv
AMIG0S TAMBIEN!
Th» Americans. Eurcp^ans and Orientals, as
¦"•c'.l ns th<» Filipinos, nho .-atended our sale
lasi Moni:a>. all departed perfectly sati^fled
with t ho fine t-hnes they boucht # at such low
prioee. T«>-.iay lx.'tw»vn thp hours of 10 a. m.
ard 4 r>. m. »¦«• will poll :«n piilrs ladies' fine
kid. hard turned. Oxrordy for 50c; POO pairs
ladles* FVench kid, patent leather or tan. but-
ton or laro she's, in al! eizes. widths and up-
tr-f'.ate strips, for |LS: also 600 pairs of
irentp" vicl kid. patent lrather or calf, for tl.Ko.
ThMp stckkI? ar<" a portion of the Riverside Shoe
Oc:T?par.". V Fink arid are worth from 12. SO to
HM a rair.
THE STANDARD
1029 MARKET ST.,
B"t. SlxtJi and Seventh.
YOUR BOY
Would Appreciate Nothing
So Much as a
BICYCLE
$35.00.
It I* Fitted With' a
MORROW COASTER BRAKE at
— &4O.OO--
JUVEHILE BICYCLES — $20, S22.50.S25.
LEAVITT & BILL,
3O9 Larkin Street . . . SAN FRANCISCO.
20 Sen Pablo Avenue OAKLAND.
57 South Second Street .... SAN JOSH.
bottle tunhS
MCBURNEY'S
rviuney cure
A thorough cure lor
pains In the back,
BRICHrS DISEASE,
female trembles, ineon-
tiuciiceof urine. bricJt dnst deposits, bed-
treuiug of children, eravel, gall etonesj,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
— ron sale at —
DAIILBEXDER DRUG CO., 214 Kearay Et.
AND AT
THE OWL, DRUG CO.. 11TS Market et.
Se-nd rso in 2e ttamrs to W. F. McBurney.
CM S. Frrine Ft.. Ix>s Aneeles, Cal., for a
Cavs" tr-grrner.t. PrepaM t\ SO. Dru?s1sts.
jgSS*. >^M, VIG33. \lTAUTYforME\
J&AytfL ilORMOX BISHOP'S PILL8
EiK.**ri?~\ yeare by the leaders of ths
fiiV; t^'Svil Mormon Church and their fol-
C*V ,.i^?vj*33 lowers. Pcsltlrely cures the
t^j. ¦• t ?iTj woret cases In nld «nd roam
VV^f-VV ft3r writing from effects of § elf-
VvVffW-'W *bus*, dissipation, excesses or
Vi^Zi'Uio* cigarette-Emokint. Cures Lost
\£*Jl-2j Var.fcood. Itrpot»ncy. Lost
TlHitvar Power. r»lgrht L<osses. Inscm-
r.:«. I"si!ns ln Back. Evil Dfflrw. Lame r.ack.
>.v.rvouE Debility, Headache. Unfltnesi to Mar-
ry. Less of S<>men. am g^ Vtricocele or Con-
st pstion. Stops Xe *^ EJ rvcuj T witch inr
cf EyeU<!«. Effects Immediate.
Jrr.it»rt vigor end *» clf * -° t-otency to every
1uT.r~J.oa. Don't ret despondent: a cure Is at
hind. nettcres Email, undeveloped orjani.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; Me a
bcr.: * fcr JI SO by mail. A written guarantee to
ture cr n'on^y r»fcr.d'^1 »r!th * box««. Circular!
*rw Addrf^s BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 4» ElUs
»t F«n Fr«r.ciero. Cal.. GIULNT DRUO CO..
C * nd *° **• ;
OVER 3fK) PERMANENT CUnE55 IN* SAN*
FRAXCISCO, mmp aftor 40 year* of sufiVrlns:
YnaTiy oi tlv^ TTjoFt I'T^nil ncnt men on
thin Coast <some you knnw). who may be Inter-
viewed by thr-se who mffer. TIIK TREAT-
MENT IS FAULTLESS. RESULTS ARK
LASTING. NO FURCERT. DILATATION,
IJUATl'RE. CAKIiOLIC ACIO. SALVES,
CAtrrEirr on hixukaxce from busi-
ness. For further •parti'-ulars addrens PHV-
ICIAN. D:x 1310. Call Office. S. F. Cal. Cui
this out Write to-day.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
| to A GREAT KESTOKATIVE, 1HVIGORJL-
» tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tcnlc for the Sexual Organs, for both eex*s.
Th« Mfxfcan Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neve and Bladder. Sells on tta own merits.
NABEIi, ALPS & BRUNE. Agents.
za Market St.. S. F.— tSend for Circulars.)
«33* CHICHCSTCR'S CNQU8H
|3 _f— v Original and Only i>jiutcn.
W-Tytj'*" PAFK. *i»«vtr»:uh>. Ladi«u •** Rrarrlrt
<$&. t°' CHlCHESTERVs ENGLLSH
J.-^.\i" Ki:i» »«.<1 Uold m-lfclllc boiM. >-iH
• V 1 / »!'M iwnWon. 7'akea*ou\cr. Hcfamu
fa, fc: I- I»iti C tro»» HnlM>tttadcHi« cad Imita-
(yf cImu. Cay of jvut nrocgist. or •«« 4<-. ia
'V mnr4 for ParUe^srs. Te>ttm«nlaU
a aad " lleli-S tt Ladles," «» l#fr. *7 re.
1/ t am Msil. 1 •.««•« T«tln»n:»lt. K«l« by
•' »V. Trugc-r.. « bl"h«-«l<r< l^mlr.l <¦..,
KaOos tUa p+pm. Mb£]mu »«-¦«, 1'lliL.U l*-l.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY XSU WAJ5ULNGTON ST6.-RE-
mode:«l and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Booms. 60c to fl » dar;
V t., }y week; th to K r > month. Free baths; hot
and cold water «very room; fire prates la every
room; clev&tcr runs ail eight.
AMUSEMENTS.
*TIVOLI*
A Megaphone is a Loud Talker !
THIS IS THE THIRD WEEK OY
THF •Ifll I V
MUSKETEER!
WHICH IS PROOF ENOUGH OF ITS
MERIT.
Evenings at 8. Matin** Saturday at 2. .
Telephone Bush I.
POPULAR PRICES 25e and BOc
SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
"CINDERELLA" WILL BE WITH US SOON.
WE REFER TOTJ TO PRESS AND TUBLIC!
There's where you -will learn of the second
Immense Success!
ALICE NIELSEN
And the ALICE NIELSEN OPERA CO.
. Direction of FRANK L. PERLET.
First Time Here of Herbert and Smith's
Success. .-
THP FORTUNE
inc TELLERt
ONLY FIVE MORE PERFORMANCES.
r HAVERLY'S
MASTODON MINSTRELS
With GKORGE WALTZ-MEJ-AGAIN WILSON.
•LAST MATINEE SATURDAY. ;V J
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
THAT FUNNY FELLOW.
JOHN A\. 1A/ELCH,
In the Comedy Limit,
"A BELLBOY."
MOROSCO'S
ORAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY
BRILLIANT SUCCESS OF THE
OLIVER LESLIE CO.
ALL THIS WEEK!
THE PRISONER of ZENDA
First time at popular prices.
Next Week-MARIE ENERNY.
10c. ISc. Z.'c and 5Oe.
A few front rows ln orchestra. 7Sc.
MATINEE— 10c, 15c, 25c, 60c— no higher.
Branch ticket office— Emporium.
The London and New York Success
Repeated Here.
Darid Belasco's Charming Japanese Story
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by the Howling Farce
"WHERE IS TOMPKINS?"
SEATS— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Matlneo Saturday and Sunday.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. '
DEC 3d to DEC. loth. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races . each day.
Races start at 2:15 p.m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 nv and
12:30, 1, 1:30, J. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladle* and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell ¦ Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, ttek-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. - Oakland. These electric - cars
a*o direct to the track ln fifteen mlautei.
¦ Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
1:15 p.- m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
E. B. MJLROY. Secretary.?
•
ALF ELUNOHOUSE. Prop, and Uaiuxer
Phone Sooth 77a
TRUTH IS MIOHTT ANT> MUST wmvin.
The Funniest of All Farce ComedUa.
Our Regulation Bis Hcklsq.
To Boom Aloog a Good Show.
THE RAYS* Howling Success,
A HOT OLD TIME!
FUNNIER THAN EVER.
Brought Up to Date. "With Xew Specialties
That Will Make Too LaugH.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
For Two Weeks Only.
Evening— 15c. 26c. 35c. 60c and 75c. Uatlaea—
15c. 25c. 25c and 50c. Every Evening. Including
next Sunday Matinee and Nl?ht.
DON'T MISS SEEING THIS SHOW.
MATINEE TO-DAY. VTED., DEC. 5.
Parquet. 25c. any seat; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren. IOo. any part except reserved.
A WHOPPING^ BIG BILL I
PATRICE AND COMPA2TY,
BOBEBTUS AND WILFBEDO,
FANTZEB TRIO, MAY DE SOTJSA,
A. M. POWBBS,
JUUUS P. WITMARK. MART DUPONT
AND CHARLES LOTHIAN. MALLORT
BROTHERS AND BROOKS.
THE GREAT WALDON.
THE OAKLAND SHOW,
EXPOSITION BUILDING.
OAKLAND, CAL.
December 5 to 8»
OPEN WEDNESDAY, 19 A. ft,
CLOSE SATURDAY, 10 P. M.
DOGS. POT7L.TRT. CATS. PIOEONS, HARES.
INCUBATORS HATCHINO DAILY.
Open from 10 a. m. to 19 p. m.
ADMISSION TO ALL. 25 CENTS
CHILDREN V> CENTS
CHUTES AND ZQ0.*Sgg?
BIG VAUDEVILLE^ SHOW I
TO-MORROW NIOHT
THE AMATEURS IN SPECIAMTES
And a GREASY POLE CLIMBING CONTEST.
Telephone for Scats. Park 33.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
COOILL. AND COOPER'S COMEDIANS IN
"THE GREEN-EYED MONSTER."
? HOST OF SPECIALTIES AND MUSICA1*
3fPW> ACTS!
R—erved ue*ta 25c. Matln«»» Sonday.
Pq 1 Q na These hoteb 003-
lalaLO 8 ess the attributes
¦m that tourists and
EIlU. travelers aoorectate
-^-central location.
riT»Q Tl A lit> era l tnanasre-
vHOiJLIU. ment. modern ap-
-ry , 1 pointments and
liOt elS Perfect cuisine.
American and Eu-
San Francisco ropean plans.
i
|3"DTTCJTJ"CIQ FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DliUunLu vn. bootblacks. ba:i-
, ttoases. billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannert.
dyers, floarmllls, foundries, laundries, paper*
bangers, printers, painters, •»<>• factories^ sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
I>BSCOVERY
FOR THE
I BB.OOP.UVER.LUNGS.
; A^vvvvvvvvvvwvvvvvvfvvvvvvvwv^
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
1 i of tbe moat obstinate cases of Gonorrhea* ?
J > and Gleet, enaranteed in from 3 *» S < |
i ! Aits ; no otaer treatment required. ] ,
i [ Sold by all drng^ists. - J i
. ijvWrVTVVVVWWVVVWWWTWI 1n "V7 To V> :«H: to H. :<3K; la*t %, l:C<Hi; short %, 1:1(H4. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner. Q. Summers A Co.'s b. g. by imp. Watercress-Hannah. A good start
contributed to winner's success. Diomed for a change was on fairly good behavior. De
coy made a g-ood run. Xlne pounds too much weight on Matt Hogan. Mounce on Gllssando
made a bad mess of It. Kitty Kelly no speed. Florinel ran better than chart shows.
Tl JP.T~*- : * 4 * : "« :4S &: %• Islflfc Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. M . L. Stanfleld'n b. g. by Imp. Plccolo-RUlltte. Jim Hale was a good thing, well
backed. Raveling did his beet. Others poor lot. Scratched— Aphrodis 110.
1434. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $360.
Tl ™«— '*• :2 *%: H. :49»*: %. 1:14V4; mile, 1:40. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner,
Carruthers A Shield*' ch. g. bj' Klnzston-Josrphlne. Winner smartly ridden and seen at
his best. Campus is of the improving sort. Had Mounce on Alee opened more of a gap he
might have won. Bell Punch shut off at finish. Wyoming pocketed on back stretch. Mit
ten outfooted. Track too hard for Essence. Scratched— First Call 107. Dr. Bernavu 104.
me— H, :24«»: 4. :4«Si: %. 1:15: mile. 1;41: l"4m. 2:C3H. Good start. Won ea«lly. Pecond
and third driving. Winner. W. D. rtandnH'* ch. h. by Imp. Ca\-alier-Herschel. Gauntlet en
tered port without a pilot under reefed »alls. ccmpletlng the fastest voyage on record. Op
ponent docked a trifle later, pretty good himself. Prydock repairs seemed to have done
both good. The iJobby lost his star. Owensboro Is carrying an umbrella, awaiting rain.
Ixx-orhee was tomahawked.
me— Vi. :I4: H. :<?H: *i. 1:13. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. G. H. Morrl»'
ch. c. by Imp. Star Ruby-B*dott. Bed«-vk sputtered and ran out of breath as he struck
home. Oold Or found some trouble In outfooting Tenny Belle. Scratched — St. Rlci 84,
Homaee S4.
im»-V4, :13: %. :37; %. 1:01: %. 1:16. Good Btert. Won flrst thrpe driving. Winner, D.
S. Fountain'* b. ft. by Montana-Fusil lade's Last MontalladA ran in improved health.
O'Connor on Ertgardo lost one stirrup. Interfering with one "kicker." Lena, in wooden
•hoen, raRtirned well at the distance. Ordnung no wonder. Torslda late at school again.
Bybaris pulled uj> lam*. Scratched — Guess Me 95. McXamara 98.
To Advertise San Jose.
; : SAN JOSE, , Dec. v4.— A", bureau to dis
seminate Information concerning San Jose
and Santa Clara County, will be opened in
Los Angeles on December 10. This will be
In charge of the Santa- Clara County Im
provement Club and; its object' is-to at
tract Eastern . tourists " to this section. '
Useful and Novel
The new playing cards issued ; by : th» An
heuser-Busch Brewing- Asa' n, St. Louis, Mo.,
are as practical as the old-style card, with the
added novelty of heroes' faces on court cards.
25 cents a pack. . Address Malt-Nutrlne Dept
WORK FOR LOS ANGELES
COUNTY GRAND JURY
Judge Smith Calls Attention to Seri
ous Charge Made Against
Officials.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 4.— When tha
county Grand Jury was impaneled this
morning in the Superior Court, Judge
Smith brought to its attention matters
that are likely to result In sensational de
velopments.
"I do not know of any misconduct in of
fice committed by any one in this county,"
said the Judge. "If I did It would be my
duty to notify you of the same. I do call
your attention, however, to' very serious
charges recently made against our Police
Department through a committee of our
fellow citizens. I think it proper for you,
at the proper time, to send for witnesses
and investigate these charges.' *
The Judge had reference to the recent
report of the committee of fifteen citizens
which investigated the various depart
ments of the city government and brought
serious accusations against the Police
Commissioners and others.
Referring to the trial of Walter H. Wat
son for the murder of W. J. Breckenrldge
the Judge further said:
"The attorney for the defense for this
caee said In his argument before the jury
!n open court, that he knew who had com
mitted this murder and that the guilty
party was living not ten blocks from the
County Courthouse in this city. He also
accused the District Attorney's office of
knowing to whom he referred. I think
you should send for this attorney and In
quire into this matter. The name of the
attorney Is Earl Rogers."
The court then appointed Thomas Lewis
foreman of the Jury. The Jury retired to
Its rooms, organized and adjourned.
DANIEL J. FLANIGAN
NOW EUREXA'S MAYOR
'Dark Horse" Captures the Plum and
Ends the Deadlock in the City
Council.
EUREKA. Dec. 4.— The interregnum in
city affairs due to the resignation of May
or David Evans was brought to a close
last evening by the City. Council electing
Daniel J. ITlamE*m to fill the vacancy un
til next June, when the city election takes
place. Affair* of the municipality have
been at a standstill since the Council ac
cepted the resignation of Mayor Evans,
who retired on account of continued ill
health. The Council held several meet-
Ings, but could not agree upon his suc
cessor. There were two candidates for the
position— Josiah Bell and L». F. Puter.
Each received two votes, the fifth Coun
cilman not expressing a choice.
The election laet evening came as a Bur
prlse. as it was not generally known Flan
igan was an aspirant for the position. His
name and that of L. F. Puter were the
only ones put in nomination. Councllmen
Gross. Buhne i«.nd Poland supported Mr.
Flanlgan and Councilman Dauphlny and
Ziegler were Puter's backers.
D. J. Flanlean has been a resident of
thl» city for thirty-two years. Mr. Flani
gan came to Humboldt from Mendocino
County and was Interested in the Occi
dental Mill Company for a number of
years. In 1S76, In conjunction with Mr.
Brosnan. he established a plant of his
own— the mill known as the Flanigan &
BroFnaji property. It was only a few
months ago that he sold out. the property
being purchased by the Bayside Mill and
Lumber Company.
AT the Bay Citv Amateur Athletic
Club rooms this evening eight
, "four-round bouts will be the fls
tlc programme for the regular
monthly entertainment of this
newly organized club. The amateurs with
slugging propensities who will participate
are well matched and a warm night' is
expected. -
The main event is between the Indian,
Joe GreRg. and "Spike" Hanna. At the
last exhibition the Indian proved himself
r.o cigar store ornament. He fought like
a whirlwind and when the extra round
was finished he still showed gameness and
a liking for the work. "Spike" Hanna is
dubbed "the cyclone." When whirlwind
and cyclone meet something in the na
ture of churning of elements is sure to be
seen.
£??£ other Eroes wln b " between Joe
\\ elch and Bobby Burrows, whose fight-
Ing weights are labeled at 1X0 pounds:
Henry Poole and "Kid" Flnnerty, who at
118 pounds will pummel each other for a
medal; F. Nell and George Gibb. matched
at 12o pounds: Bert Williams and Tom
FIofs, to fight at welter-weight; Btlly
Kelly and C. Ryan, to meet as middle
weight boxers; Johnny Swift and Jimmy
Ryan, a t 125 pounds, and Harry Bowers
and Sam Hughes, at Hi' pounds.
AMATEURS WILL BOX FOR MEDALS
AT BAY CITY ATHLETIC CLUB
"Indian J)e" Gregg, the -Whirlwind," to Meet "Spike"
Hanna, the Pacific Coast "Cyclone."
WHITES MURDEROUSLY
ASSAULT TWO CHINESE
One Asiatic Killed and Another Se
riously Injured in Their
Cabin.
PORTLAND, Dec. 4.— Four white men
assaulted two Chinese last night near
Rlley, Washington County, killing one
known as "Charley" and severely wound
ing "Louey," his friend. "Louey," al
though badly beaten, will probably re
cover. He says that they were awakened
last evening shortly after 10 o'clock by a
knocking upon the door of their cabin.
Upon opening it several men rushed in.
striking him upon the head and shooting
his companion. He believes there were
four men, but is not certain about the
number, as it was dark and he was con
siderably dazed by the blows rained upon
him. The murderers no -doubt believed
both Chinese to be dead when they left.
"Louey" believes one of the party was
a man for whom he had worked some
time ago. "Luey" had trouble with ,him
over the price paid him while at work and
believes that revenge was the motive ot
the attack. -^
BURIAL OF COGSWELL.
Affairs of the Bank of T-odi Found to
. Be in Good Condition.
LODI, Dec. 4.— The funeral of Francis
Cogswell, the banker suicide, was held
this afternoon from the family residence,
and was the largest ever seen in North
ern San Joaquln County.
Bank Commissioners Murphy, and Mark
ley, of San Francisco, examined the
bank's books this morning and found
everything in good order.
"We have found the Bank of Lodl sol
vent and in no wise affected by the suicide
of Francis Cogswell," they say m, their
report. . ¦. ¦
The board of directors met to-day and
elected Cashier C. M. Ferdun as manager
and cashier. W. H. Thompson will go in
as assistant. The bank will open to
morrow morning as usual. No run is
expected. .
Native Daughters as Minstrels,
SAN. JOSE. Dec. 4.-The Native.Daugh
ters of San Jose are to black their faces
and do vaudeville "stunts" and minstrel
turns at the Victory Theater on Decem
ber 17. Vendome and Palo Alto parlors,
Native Daughters of the Golden West,
have charge of the show and its 1 success
is assured. Rehearsals are now going on,
but Just what the programme -and the
names of the fair minstrels will be the
managers at this time refuse to divulge.
Most of <the society clrla of > San Jose are
in It and this alone will assure ? a tre
mendous house. . ¦>.':¦ ' "> >
Track Notes.
At a meeting held bv the directors of
the Ban Francisco Jockey Club yesterday.
Milton Latham was appointed secretary,
vice D. Lynch Prlngle, elected secretary
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club and
Wei-tern Turf Association. Ed Power,
former clerk of scales, was appointed to
the position of racing secretary. In fu
ture Ralph Tozer will act as clerk of the
scales and handlcapper. The board of
stewards will be comprised of J. H. Pet
tlngtll, Ed Cole. Georpe Parsons. E.I
Power. Lansing j Mizner and Milton
Latham. Lansinsr K Mlzner will be chair
man and Mr. Latham secretary of that
body. Milton Latham, the man who was
elected to the position of secretry. Is a
young man of pood business ability, has
a host of friends and no doubt his ap
pointment ¦will prove a very popular one.
Probable Winners.
First Race — Letigfr, Grey Rob, Canejo.
Second Race — Haviland, Dr. Bernays,
Goldone.
Third Raee— Tiburon, Sea Lion. Dunblane.
Fourth Race— Golden Age. Rollick. Grafter.
PJfth Race — Andrattug, Screenwell Lake,
Gold Badg^e.
Sixth Race— Specific. Flush of Gold. Asian.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Results of the Races at the New Or-
leans and Bennings Courses.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 4.— Weather
cloudy; track heavy. Results:
Six furlongs— Castine won, Armand second.
Made Maree third. • Time, 1:24.
One milf — Zack Phelps won, Kducate second.
Glen Bow third. Time, 1:54.
One mile and twenty yards, selling— Frangible
won. Strangest second, Dan Cupid third. Time,
1:51
feven furlongs — Glenlake won, Moroni second,
Acushla third. Time. 1:3.% a,.
Six furlong— Lady Curzon won, Avator second,
Triaditza third. Time. l:24tfc.
Seven furlongs, polling— Old Fox won. Scriv
ener pecond. IMck Furber third. Time, 1:37.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— Results at
Bennings:
Handicap, ilx and a half furlongs— Carbuncle
won, Godfrey second, Hultzllopochtli third.
Time. 1:24.
Five furlongs — Beggar Lady won. Protege sec
ond. Dactyl third. Time. 1:05 3-5.
One mile and lifty yards, maldcn!«— Charley
Monre wen. The Driver second. The Outcast
third. Time, 1:54.
Six furlongs — Sadie S won. The Rhymer sec
ond, Dandy Hr.y third. Time, 1:18 1-5.
One mile and 100 yards, xelllng — T>Tnplar won,
Tyrshena second, West Baden third. Time,
1:56 3-5. >/
Handicap, one mile and three-quarters— Magic
Light won. Draughtsman second, Bopphorue
third. Time, 3:20 2-5.
Golf Course Opened.
SANTA BARBARA. Dec. 4.— The Ar
linpton golf, course was opened to-day
with a tournament. The contest was for
the best gross score, eighteen holes, for
a trophy cup. It was won by L. W. Red
hiRton, score 110. The course is situated
on beautiful rolling ground, overlooking
the city and channel. ¦ It was planned and
equipped by the Arlington Hotel manage
ment for the use of guests.' It Is a slHter
to the Country Club links, designed and
laid out by the same man. Professor Rob
ertson, an English gentleman.' A cottage
near by has been rented and refitted as a
clubhouse.
Five favorites were retired from busi
ness during the racing matinee at Oak
land yesterday and the talent smiled— but
it. was not on the level. The bookies fin
ally had an inning, and many of them
needed it, for a skeletonized bank roll
can't stand the punishment a portly one
can. The sensation of the afternoon was
furnished by Gauntlet, a sometimes good
and other times bad sample of horseflesh,
which ran one and a quarter miles, with
IjN pounds up, in 2:05^, a new coast rec
ord. The event was fourth on the card,
with ten entered at various selling prices.
Gauntlet was quoted at 6 and " to 1, and
•\Happy" Mounce nearly broke both fctlr
rups restraining the chestnut horse, al
most from flagfall. At the wire he fin
lfcbed a neck ahead of Opponent, with
Koenig a close third. The Bobby, backed
to 11 to 5 favoritism, could not stand the
cllj>. linishing fourth.
The gia_nt Herculean had Eddie Jones
on his back in the opening sprint and
cleverly disposed of a big field at odds of
<in to 1. Diomed. a brother to OUnthus
and Ulg-gs. dropped into the place ahead
of Decoy, at odds of 50 to 1. The favorite,
l'oul Play, early drew out of the game.
6everal times in the past Jim Hale, a
two-year-old owned by W. L. Btanlield,
ha? been tipped as "the goods. In Lhe
tccond event 10 to 1 was laid about him
and he came in on the bit, the easiest Kind
of a winner over Raveling, the 4 to s> fa
vorite. The winner was well played by
those who keep posted on workouts and
end staJl yarns. • j'f-,_
Quite a spectacular finish marked the
close of the mile felling run. when Sir
Kingston, Campus and the favorite, Aloe,
nr.ifhed heads on the wire, in the order
named. Fir Kingston, excellently ridden
I y Jack Martin, almost went begging for
friends at P and 10 to 1. Had Mounce not
indulged In so many liberties with Alee
the favorite would probably have scored.
Green Morris' two- year-old Bedeck met
Gold Or at three-quarters In the fifth
number, and took the older horse Into
camp. Bedeck closed a 4 to 5 chance, and
»t the wire was about all out to win by
• lenjrth in 1:13.
Darn Fountain held a stack of tickets
on Montal!a»1e. winner of the closing race,
tt odds of IS and 20 to 1. that resembled
a double penuchle deck The gelding
•Truck the stretch second to Boundlee.
• r.<1 then further down the line- got the
flecisinn from Kdpardo by a neck. Ord
nung. plunged on at short odds, ran un
pinned.
Following are to-day's entries:
Firj=t Rsce — Pix furlongs; maiden three-year
oMr and uji; •filing:
1S30 fanejo » 11% Sarsfield 9i>
.... Iir> SI' 1431 Onyx 10"
1425 Tinr-a-Ung ...10S .... Dr. Boyle W
1S-5 Anita B *»; .... Sweet Voice .. S3
M3 l/tlrr 1«2 3142 Orey Bob 99
Vantlr.e .,...•.102 13C0 I-»w Zara. S9
P^rifi-I P.ace— One and a tixteenth miles;
'. threr-Yfar-olds and up; wT.lnjr:
.<1«»><toldone 10J 3405 Dr. I>rnays....lO9
1411 Wax 10- Haviland 100
• Third Uaee— Six furlong*: three-year-olds
an<5 up: purse:
.... Ontinela 10* 13S-4 E*rirar.do 1M
• 1<?8 Imp. Mistral 11.112 <141!)Plohn 104
3414 The Slne»>r 10* 1S33 Tiiona 104
ir»T «>*tlor Joe ....112. Dunboy lt>9
1451 Sea Lion 112 12fl9 Tiburon VA
1330 Bettit Lee ....10J 1C7 Dunblane 107
• Fourth Race — Seven furlongs; two-year -olds:
handicap:
<I4'4i«-ourar B5 1403 Klns*tell« 83
13« Grafter M H74 Rollick 92
|l9TfT li'» 1421 Janice 104
• 1SS5 Golden Ajrc ...13ft
Firth Raw — Five and a half furlong*; Wo
yf»r-nldF; wllinn:
ICSBernoU MS ; 13»S Merida 103
<:4">?iHa(5 Sam V& .... Gold Badge ...1W
laSMadfer .IB 1376 Andrattus 1»
1S4« HI Toplo 10«i ; :<C. OavirJ 8 105
Satin Coat 112' 1403 Quiz II 106
1412 Lilly Di£Ki= ...10:t 14S Rcr'nwell Lak<?.105
Firth Harp— On* tniic: thre'-ypar-olds; purs"»:
<l£T6)Asian W!| 1430 Pupil 10T
" H?s Fpwifip IOTi 1430 Vohlcer 107
VCt FIu*h of Gold. 114 1IC2 Hlo Shannon.... 102
(UxaVelcaJa U2 1
By f. e. iwfl:"CJiL.H:orj3L»^L3sriD.
New Record Holder Rao Under Wraps Greater Part
of the Route — Five Favorites Go Down.
BERKELEY, Dec. 4.— As the result of
a successful football season half of the
big debt which has been contracted by
the students of the University of Cali
fornia during the past few years will be
paid. The work of Graduate Manapar
Reno Hutchinson has "been very success
ful. Another season such as this will see
the student body free from indebtedness.
The Associated - Students owe. $450').
Nearly half of this sum is the Glee Club
debt which . the collpge assumed. The
other amounts were contracted . from, time
to time by various athletic ve-ntures.
This has been a very successful football
year. The proceeds of the Thanksgiving
game were larger than ever before. Man
ager Hutchinson estimates the total re
ceipts at $26,000, or ?4<KX) more than last
year. The expenses of the day were JCOOO,
about the same as usual. Each college re
ceived. $250 from the manager of the sou
venir programme. Besides getting' half
of the receipts of the. game and $250 for
souvenir privileges California got $400
from the Thanksgiving show at the Tiv
oll. This will bring Berkeley's total re
ceipts to $10,650, as afraiuBt $8000 last year.
The expenses of a football game are
large. The bleachers cost $3200 and the
rent of grounds $750. The officials were
paid $350. This, with Incidental expenses,
such as printing, labor and so on, brings
the total up to J6000.
Large sums of monev are used during
the training season. The trainlne table
cost about $1000, or half the usual figure.
Coach Kelly was paid $2000 and the train
ers $550. The manager's salary amounted
to $600. Suits and other athletic equip
ments cost more than $1000; drugs and
labor about $700.
Manager Hutchinson collected $1200 In
associate student dues and made the same
amount from the Bale of season tickets.
By the freshman game California made
1400. The gate receipts at the preliminary
games, outside of season tickets, paid the
expenses. For these urellminary games
Reliance got $675, Oregon $250, Nevada $125.
Football Convention.
BERKELEY. Dec. 4.— The executive
committee of the student body of the
University of California has issued a call
for a football convention to be held here
parly next term. All college men and
alumni Interested In football are invited.
The object Is to thoroughly discuss the
pame, the methods of coaching and the
rules which govern the Stanford-Califor
nia meet. The opinions of football ex
perts on these subjects are desired.
Manager Hutchinson Will Pay Half
of University Indebtedness
at the Close of His First
Year's Work.
Football Games Bring Large
Amounts Into Student
COLLEGE DEBT
TO BE LOWERED
GAUNTLET COVERS ONE MILE
AND A QUARTER IN 2:051/2
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1900.
THE. CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
?
4.— Weather flne^j^cjtfas^
1432. FIRST RACE— Futurity, courue; selling; three- year-olds; purse, |J0O.
8
Tl'lfX
I f co - 1
inJex Hor«e and Weight I PstlSt.
« pro. i
t Howe and Weight iPstlEt.
H- %.
tt.
8tr.
Fin. • Jockeys. I Op.
' Op.
- Bettl
Hi. 1
Bett:
HI. 1
lngr —
Cl.
Tig «
Cl. PI.
PI. 1
K.
Str.
1404
5402
13SS
1403
1412
14IC
1424
1417
1370
1S30
1S44
_l .
lITereulean 109 7 5
Diomed 109 10 9
Dwoy 109 2 10
Matt Hogan 109 3 6
Gllsoafido 109 1 7
Foul P!ay 109 5 3
D»ekoy 109 12 1
Kitty Kellr 109 8 4
K*4 Dennia 109 11 12
Tlorlnel II 109 ( 2
Bogus Bill 109 4 U
Harry Thatcher.. 109 9 8
3 2 £ 1
7 h 4 1
• 1 6 1
1 h 12
4 h t h
2 '4 3 h
6 1 8 2
8 2 7 h
11 4 9
10 H IB
12 11
9 1 12
21
4 b
3 h
1 h
6 1
6 H
8 .
7h'
»
10
11
12
1 1'4 E. Jones.... 7-2
2 n J. Woods... 15
3 1 Coburn 7-2
4 h Martin 10
5 h Mouhce .... 6
6 2 Buchanan .. 7-2
7 4 O'Connor ... 5
8 Frawley .... 8
9 Fauntleroy . 15
10 Dominlck .. 7
11 Stuart 20
12 Wwidprurd 20
9-2
60
' 6
15
9
7-2
8
12
100
15
60
9-2
EO
6
9
9
5-2
8
12
100
15
r.o
so
8-5
15
2
3
3
6-5
3
4
40
6
20
25
1433. 8ECQXD RACK— Six furlongg; maiden two- year-olds; purse, $350.
:nd«xfoorse and "Weight. IPst'st. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. Hi.* "ci~ PK
]"* £ m Hale 105 Tl fj H Ts 1 2 DomtnieiTT ~~10 W 8 7-h
"* SV^"»« 113 « « 2 1 *» »« *8 Weddenfd 1 8-2 4-5 2-5
}J!2 E/telada 110 1J 4n 42 85 8 15E. Flynn.... 5 8 8 6-2
ISoa Mary Alice 115 43 8H5J 61 4n E. Jonm».... 20 26 25 6
.... Infra m 3 6 53 »1 4n 6n J. WoocJu.... 6 20 20 6
••:: 1Ij ' •¦ 115 5 5 6nT6 6 10 6 1 O'Connor... 2 6 6 2
Jil* llow T M« "0 6 7 7 4 as 7 8 7 10 Mounee .... 10 25 25 7
12B iKltty Lundy 105 j 8 8 8 8 8 Coburn 20 60 60 13
1 IPo.I
ldex ! Horse. Age, "Weight. PstjSt.
Alto !Blr Kingston. 3.. 101 8 T~
408 C»mpu!>, 4 110 8 6
459) Alee, J 107 4 2
411 Bell Punch. 5. ...118 5 5
417 IWyoming-. a 107 7 8
414) [Mitten. 3 95 1 1
353) I'arda, 6 ...... ...no 9 10
S47 (Essence, 3 1(12 10 4
258 Cromwell, a MS 2 9
5*0 [Silver Tone. 4 107 6 3
4 n
3 h
1 S
6 h
7 Vt
2 j
9 1
8 4
10
6 1
H. Str. Fin. I
52 In In .
In S h 2 n
12 2n 3U ;
< h 4 h 4 3 :
7 3 6 1 6 H •
3 h 6 h 6 5 1
13 8 ! 7 \k '
6 Vi ~ >i S 2 <
10 9 h 9 2
8 4 10 10
r'-^ Bettln* ,
I Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
J. Martin... 5 10 9 4
Domlnlck 6 13 15 6
Mouncc 5-2 3 5-2 1
X. Turner... 4 5 1S-5 7-5
J. Woods... 6 8 8 3
Coburn 6 g 8 3
Tullett 12 30 30 10
O'Connor ... 4 7 7 6-2
E. Jones.... 20 60 50 20
Wedderefd 10 20 20 8
1433." "F^URT^IRAcS— : SfileandaquarterT^eTun^Tthir^
; puree, 9400.
I . vo. 7 — —
ndexjHorse. Afi;e. Weight. Pst St %. V4. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op.
140* jGauntlet. 4 1041 32 61 4h In In Mounc* «
13S0 Opponent. 5 9«| 1 1 2 1 In 2H I J4 IJ. Daly 4
140* |K<*?nisr. 4 103 2 6 g 4 fi h 4h 3 h |J. Miller.... S
1S«S) iThe Bobby, 3 — ICO 7 9 «1 8 2 3 1 4 2 iDomlnick ... 3
1301 irim. 4 96 43 74<»1 74 54 Stuart 40
HIS Owennboro. 8 »S97 Ih 61 Bl 6H Coburn 6
13*9 Topmast, a I0O «B »h 7h 61 7 10 Martin g
t3*» Lorochee. 4 107) 5 4 10 10 10 8 1 O'Connor ... 3
1347 (Colonel Root 5.. 9«! 10 W 4 4 3h 8 1 9 J. Walsh.... 20
1KIS IDr. Marks. 5 96] 8 S In 2 1 P h 10 Rpdf^rn .... 60
- Betting ,
Ml. CT. PI.
7 6 5-2
10 10 4
6 8 I
3 11-5 1
100 100 40
8 8 3
13 10 4
4 1S-5 8-5
50 50 15
100 100 40
:4:S«. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs
¦ ; all <«k"s: purse, $400.
I IPo.l
ndex jHorse, A*#. Weight. I PistlSt.
V,. %. Str. Fin. j Jockeys.
f Op.
- n^ttlnp
HI. Cl. PI.
i
ir?J [Bedeck, t 97 1 4
H05 iGold Or. 3.: 117 6 1 :
1S57 Prejudice. 3 107 4 2 I
H13 llratp. 2 M 2 3 i
J331 iTenny Belle. 1.... % 3 a :
1S?5 iSoallywajr. i 94 6 6 I
4 J J2 in 11 iroburn ....
21 2H 21 24 WertiWefd
SI 5342 34 J. Mnrtin...
6 C 5 1 4 S J. Daly
In In 31 R3 Domlnlck ..
3n 4 n 6 6 J. Wah=h...
1
6-2
5-2
'.'. SO
.. 30
1 4-5 1-3
5 4 7-10
6-2 11-5 1-2
150 ¦ 1F.0 25
60 60 13
60 SO 10
,437. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; thrce-yoar-
ilds and Up;
pure?.
$400.
1 IPo.l
ndex |Hor*«». Age. "Weight. (petJSt. U. %. Str. Fin.
Jockeys. I
Op.
- Benin* x
Ml. Cl. PI.
I i
I 1.
1
1419 IMontalladf. r.... W| 1 2 4 1 3 4 2 n In
1416) Edgardo. 3 KM! 7 5 21 In 4! 2ns
l.*.4G L«r>na. fi 1021 44 3n 41 8n 36
12S2) Ordnung. 4 104! 9 8 .', » 4 :, <i :. ?. 4 2
1417 IMnntanu*. 4 1«| 2 1 6H62 «6 52
1406) iBnundleff, * 9S| « 3 12 11 In * 10
itV iTorsida, 5 l«»i 10 9 7h 8 1 6 7
1427 iRInaldo, 6 10f> 5fi SH'h 8 g
irS7 ISybaris. S 10r» 37 8^9 4 0 9
14OT jMIko R1c<». « 1031 » 10 10 10 IT 10
IMounce
D'Connof ..
Ransch .....
J. Miller
Wedderyfd
[Buchanan ..
Coburn
J. Daly
J. Woods....
Frawley
10
4
R
2
10
3
6
15
4
15
20 15 «
7 7 2
15 15 4
2 6-R 3-5
40 40 15
8 7 3
6 4 7-5
40 40 IS
10 10 4
50 50 15
Tl'lfX
I f co - 1
inJex Hor«e and Weight I PstlSt.
« pro. i
t Howe and Weight iPstlEt.
H- %.
tt.
8tr.
Fin. • Jockeys. I Op.
' Op.
- Bettl
Hi. 1
Bett:
HI. 1
lngr —
Cl.
Tig «
Cl. PI.
PI. 1
K.
Str.
1404
5402
13SS
1403
1412
14IC
1424
1417
1370
1S30
1S44
_l .
lITereulean 109 7 5
Diomed 109 10 9
Dwoy 109 2 10
Matt Hogan 109 3 6
Gllsoafido 109 1 7
Foul P!ay 109 5 3
D»ekoy 109 12 1
Kitty Kellr 109 8 4
K*4 Dennia 109 11 12
Tlorlnel II 109 ( 2
Bogus Bill 109 4 U
Harry Thatcher.. 109 9 8
3 2 £ 1
7 h 4 1
• 1 6 1
1 h 12
4 h t h
2 '4 3 h
6 1 8 2
8 2 7 h
11 4 9
10 H IB
12 11
9 1 12
21
4 b
3 h
1 h
6 1
6 H
8 .
7h'
»
10
11
12
1 1'4 E. Jones.... 7-2
2 n J. Woods... 15
3 1 Coburn 7-2
4 h Martin 10
5 h Mouhce .... 6
6 2 Buchanan .. 7-2
7 4 O'Connor ... 5
8 Frawley .... 8
9 Fauntleroy . 15
10 Dominlck .. 7
11 Stuart 20
12 Wwidprurd 20
9-2
60
' 6
15
9
7-2
8
12
100
15
60
9-2
EO
6
9
9
5-2
8
12
100
15
r.o
so
8-5
15
2
3
3
6-5
3
4
40
6
20
25
1433. 8ECQXD RACK— Six furlongg; maiden two- year-olds; purse, $350.
:nd«xfoorse and "Weight. IPst'st. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. Hi.* "ci~ PK
]"* £ m Hale 105 Tl fj H Ts 1 2 DomtnieiTT ~~10 W 8 7-h
"* SV^"»« 113 « « 2 1 *» »« *8 Weddenfd 1 8-2 4-5 2-5
}J!2 E/telada 110 1J 4n 42 85 8 15E. Flynn.... 5 8 8 6-2
ISoa Mary Alice 115 43 8H5J 61 4n E. Jonm».... 20 26 25 6
.... Infra m 3 6 53 »1 4n 6n J. WoocJu.... 6 20 20 6
••:: 1Ij ' •¦ 115 5 5 6nT6 6 10 6 1 O'Connor... 2 6 6 2
Jil* llow T M« "0 6 7 7 4 as 7 8 7 10 Mounee .... 10 25 25 7
12B iKltty Lundy 105 j 8 8 8 8 8 Coburn 20 60 60 13
1 IPo.I
ldex ! Horse. Age, "Weight. PstjSt.
Alto !Blr Kingston. 3.. 101 8 T~
408 C»mpu!>, 4 110 8 6
459) Alee, J 107 4 2
411 Bell Punch. 5. ...118 5 5
417 IWyoming-. a 107 7 8
414) [Mitten. 3 95 1 1
353) I'arda, 6 ...... ...no 9 10
S47 (Essence, 3 1(12 10 4
258 Cromwell, a MS 2 9
5*0 [Silver Tone. 4 107 6 3
4 n
3 h
1 S
6 h
7 Vt
2 j
9 1
8 4
10
6 1
H. Str. Fin. I
52 In In .
In S h 2 n
12 2n 3U ;
< h 4 h 4 3 :
7 3 6 1 6 H •
3 h 6 h 6 5 1
13 8 ! 7 \k '
6 Vi ~ >i S 2 <
10 9 h 9 2
8 4 10 10
r'-^ Bettln* ,
I Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
J. Martin... 5 10 9 4
Domlnlck 6 13 15 6
Mouncc 5-2 3 5-2 1
X. Turner... 4 5 1S-5 7-5
J. Woods... 6 8 8 3
Coburn 6 g 8 3
Tullett 12 30 30 10
O'Connor ... 4 7 7 6-2
E. Jones.... 20 60 50 20
Wedderefd 10 20 20 8
1433." "F^URT^IRAcS— : SfileandaquarterT^eTun^Tthir^
; puree, 9400.
I . vo. 7 — —
ndexjHorse. Afi;e. Weight. Pst St %. V4. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op.
140* jGauntlet. 4 1041 32 61 4h In In Mounc* «
13S0 Opponent. 5 9«| 1 1 2 1 In 2H I J4 IJ. Daly 4
140* |K<*?nisr. 4 103 2 6 g 4 fi h 4h 3 h |J. Miller.... S
1S«S) iThe Bobby, 3 — ICO 7 9 «1 8 2 3 1 4 2 iDomlnick ... 3
1301 irim. 4 96 43 74<»1 74 54 Stuart 40
HIS Owennboro. 8 »S97 Ih 61 Bl 6H Coburn 6
13*9 Topmast, a I0O «B »h 7h 61 7 10 Martin g
t3*» Lorochee. 4 107) 5 4 10 10 10 8 1 O'Connor ... 3
1347 (Colonel Root 5.. 9«! 10 W 4 4 3h 8 1 9 J. Walsh.... 20
1KIS IDr. Marks. 5 96] 8 S In 2 1 P h 10 Rpdf^rn .... 60
- Betting ,
Ml. CT. PI.
7 6 5-2
10 10 4
6 8 I
3 11-5 1
100 100 40
8 8 3
13 10 4
4 1S-5 8-5
50 50 15
100 100 40
:4:S«. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs
¦ ; all <«k"s: purse, $400.
I IPo.l
ndex jHorse, A*#. Weight. I PistlSt.
V,. %. Str. Fin. j Jockeys.
f Op.
- n^ttlnp
HI. Cl. PI.
i
ir?J [Bedeck, t 97 1 4
H05 iGold Or. 3.: 117 6 1 :
1S57 Prejudice. 3 107 4 2 I
H13 llratp. 2 M 2 3 i
J331 iTenny Belle. 1.... % 3 a :
1S?5 iSoallywajr. i 94 6 6 I
4 J J2 in 11 iroburn ....
21 2H 21 24 WertiWefd
SI 5342 34 J. Mnrtin...
6 C 5 1 4 S J. Daly
In In 31 R3 Domlnlck ..
3n 4 n 6 6 J. Wah=h...
1
6-2
5-2
'.'. SO
.. 30
1 4-5 1-3
5 4 7-10
6-2 11-5 1-2
150 ¦ 1F.0 25
60 60 13
60 SO 10
,437. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; thrce-yoar-
ilds and Up;
pure?.
$400.
1 IPo.l
ndex |Hor*«». Age. "Weight. (petJSt. U. %. Str. Fin.
Jockeys. I
Op.
- Benin* x
Ml. Cl. PI.
I i
I 1.
1
1419 IMontalladf. r.... W| 1 2 4 1 3 4 2 n In
1416) Edgardo. 3 KM! 7 5 21 In 4! 2ns
l.*.4G L«r>na. fi 1021 44 3n 41 8n 36
12S2) Ordnung. 4 104! 9 8 .', » 4 :, <i :. ?. 4 2
1417 IMnntanu*. 4 1«| 2 1 6H62 «6 52
1406) iBnundleff, * 9S| « 3 12 11 In * 10
itV iTorsida, 5 l«»i 10 9 7h 8 1 6 7
1427 iRInaldo, 6 10f> 5fi SH'h 8 g
irS7 ISybaris. S 10r» 37 8^9 4 0 9
14OT jMIko R1c<». « 1031 » 10 10 10 IT 10
IMounce
D'Connof ..
Ransch .....
J. Miller
Wedderyfd
[Buchanan ..
Coburn
J. Daly
J. Woods....
Frawley
10
4
R
2
10
3
6
15
4
15
20 15 «
7 7 2
15 15 4
2 6-R 3-5
40 40 15
8 7 3
6 4 7-5
40 40 IS
10 10 4
50 50 15
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABOUT HEART DISEASE.
Ninety Per Cent of It Really Caused
From Poor Digestion.
Real organic heart trouble ie Incurable,
but prarcely one case in a hundred Js
crpanlc.
The artion of the heart and stomach are
both controlled by the Fame great nerves,
the sympathetic airl pneumogastric. and
when the Ftotnach ;alli« to properly digest
th<» food and it lies in the f-tomaeh fer-
mrniingr pa?»s are formed ¦which distend
th.' firpan. causing pressure on the heart
ard lungv rausing palpitation. Irregular-
ity and shortness of breath.
The dancer from this condition is that
the continued disturbance of the heart
. «oor;er or later may cause real organic
heart trouble, and In fact frequently
does so.
Furthermore, poor digestion makes the
blood tliin and watery and deficient In red
corpuscles, and th.s further Irritates and
weaken!! the hrart.
The most FtnMble thing to do for heart
trouble is to insure the digestion and as-
fcimilation of the food.
This can be done by the repuiar use
r.fter meal* of *ome safe, pleasant and
rffertive digestive preparation, like
' Btuart'a Dyepepsli Tablets, which may
l»e found at most drug rtorps and ¦which
contain the necessary digestive elements
in a pleasant, convenient form.
Thousands of people keep well and vig-
orous by keeping their digestion perfect
• by observing the rule of taking one or
two of these tablets after each meal, or at
least after each hc-arty meal.
Stuarts Dysp.'pMa Tablets contain U S.
P. pepsin, diastase from malt and other
natural diKc-sUve? which act only on the
!oo6. difc-estinu it perfectly and preventing
nc-idlty. pases and many diseased condi-
tions which accompany a weak stomach
•\ When Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets are
UFf-d you may know you are not taking
Into the i=»tem any strong medicine or
powerful druK. but dimply the natural dl-
peptive elements which every week stom-
ach lack.«.
So Widely known and popular have these
.tablets become that they are now sold in
the United States. Canada and Great
Britain-
Moet&
Cfrandon
The Leretn and Oldest Chuupirot Houm Id
the World.
. White Sial (Grande Cuvec). of ex-
ceptional bouquet and dry dryness.
WILLIAM WOLFF A CO.,
Pacific C 0 * 8^***!!*^ 329 Ktrfcit St.. 8. 1.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
FRESNO, December 4th, 1000.
M. THEO. KEARNEY, President
PROSPECTUS
THIS syndicate is formed to take over the unsold portion of the Fruit Vale Estate, the property of M. Theo. Kear-
ney, situated in Fresno County, California, and embracing 5187 acres, for the purpose of planting and develop-
ing the unplanted portion and selling the whole to another company, say two years hence, which will issue bonds
and shares to provide for its purchase. *
This property was carefully selected and purchased by Mr. Kearney in 1383, and is pronounced by all who
have seen it to be one of the most attractive and valuable country estates In California. The soil is of the class now
known to be of the greatest value for the production of choice raisins and of port, sherry and burgundy wines, of
which there remains in the Fresno district but a very limited quantity not already planted. It Is conceded that no
other county in the State can successfully compete with Fresno In these products.
Reference is made to an accompanying circular for reports upon the property. See pages 31 to 37.
Of the 5187 acres, 3000 have bfcen used as grain land, 1000 acres are in alfalfa, 900 acres in full bearing raisin
vineyard and 100 acres in bearing Orchard.
A palm avenue, the finest In the State, eleven miles long, with three roadways, beginning at the town of Fres-
no, runs through the property. .
A park in the center of the estate contains 240 acres and is handsomely improved. It is, however, reserved
from sale, as it is less profitable than the other lands, but It is to be leased by the syndicate so as to utilize the
buildings.
The whole property Is under a thorough system of Irrigation, with long established water rights belonging to It;
roads are constructed to every part, every twenty-acre sub-division having a frontage on a road — an Important ad-
vantage in the event that it is ever desired to sell the property in sub-divisions. Ample buildings for its needs are
already erected, and in all other respects the property is in first-class order, over $400,000 having been expended in its
improvement. With an additional expenditure of $400,000 it can in the next three years be brought to earn a net In-
come of from $50 to $150 per acre, or $250,000 to $750,000 annually, depending upon the seasons and market conditions.
This estimate is conservative. (See circular, pages 37 to 40.) • .
On account of the depression in the raisin industry following the panic of 1893, largely due to Improper meth-
ods in marketing the crop in practice at that time, the raisin acreage of the State has been greatly reduced and as a
result the yearly demand for raisins !s now fully equal to the yearly supply. Further, the demand is rapidly In-
creasing owing to the introduction of machinery which is now successfully used to take the seeds from raisins be-
fore they are offered for sale. "Seeded" raisins are becoming a very popular article Of food with cooks and housa
keepers throughout the country. • *
The California Raisin Growers* Association, which is In the third year of its successful career, fixes the price of
raisins for the whole crop of the State and assures prosperity to raisin growers. *
The California Wine Association offers to make a contract for ten years at a very remunerative figure for th«
purchase of all wine grapes we may produce. " ,
It Is proposed to at once plant 4000 acres (of which 2000 acres are already being planted) In raisin and wins
vineyard and in new California Smyrna fig orchard. This can be done at an outlay, covering three years of $300 000
One hundred thousand dollars more is required to pay off a mortgage and $100,000 for equipment. * "
The 5187 acres and the personal property, including about 275,000 raisin curing trays and boxes of the value of
$30,000, 100 head of work animals, with harness, farming Implements, vehicles, 800 tons of hay 200 tons of barlpv an.1
about one million rooted vines for the coming season's planting, etc.. etc.. have been taken over by the syndicate at
the gross sum of $865,000, or the net sum, deducting the mortgage of $100,000. of $765,000. Thl3 is a very low valuation
as sales of wholly unimproved land In this tract of the same quality have been made at an average of $"00 per acre*
(See in circular the certificate of the searcher of records, page 34.) The crop of raisins, grapes and fruits gathered In
1900 and the outstanding accounts are not included In the purchase. All expenditures since October 1 1900 not on rrnn
account have been assumed by the syndicate; the amount, however, does not exceed $5000 No other 'liabilities are us
Burned except the mortgage for $100,000. * e
Of the purchase price Mr. Kearney has accepted $700,000 in fully paid shares, thus showing in the strongest man-
ner his faith in the investment. -, — ...
debt, fu^capitalizld at VAoT 1310 *' 6 Sha " C ° ndUCt "* buslness on a cash basls and hoId «» Property free from
Purchase of property.. $7fi5 000 00
Mortgage to be paid off.. "' *** ioo'ooo 00
Planting and cultivation for three years of 4000 acres in new vineyards and Smyrna
\ , fig orchard.. . wnnnnnn
(This work can be contracted for at less than this sum.) , ow.wuuu
Total outiay ., $1 "63 000 00
/This leaves $735,000 of treasury stock to be sold if further expenditures are found desirable. ' A 'by-law adopted
by the syndicate prohibits the incurment of any debts beyond the value of the treasury stock on hand thus guar-
anteeing in a very practical :way that the stock issued will not be assessed. • «•*«•. «»"» s«<"
It Is well known in the raisin district' that good vineyards earn $100 per acre annually under present conditions.
As bonds bearing 5 per cent interest which are secured on property earning two or three times the Interest payable
on the bonds are eagerly sought for It can safely be expected that when the time arrives to Issue bonds Ton thS prop-
erty it can readily^ be done on a baais of $500 per\acre because the fixed charge for interest will b" only $-5 per acre.
These bonds will be especially desirable because they will have valuable real estate as a basis of
• At this rate of $500 per acre the bond Issue will be $2,500,000. thus returning to the syndicate the whole of their
capital and 100 per cent profit In addition to that $5,000,000 of shares will be issued to the syndicate ¦and a? the^earn-
ings of the property above $25 per acre, which, after setting aside a percentage to the sinking fund f or the redenS-
tion of the bonds, should equal 6 per cent on $5,000,000, will -be paid In dividends to the shareholders!. reaemp
Value, eay three years hence when ready to be turned over to new" com- = ¦ °*
T) fl n v ' ' ¦
In 5 per cent bonds ........!.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"!" *•¦••• ttnnnnnnnn
In 6 percent shares... KMoiuKoft
Profit in three years IIJi::::!;;;:: 6.235.000 00 t> - 000 ' 00000
., , ...... ... . x . - -' . . • $7,500,000 00— $7,500,000 00
A large additional item is the earnings of the 1000 acres of vineyard and orchard alroadv in full bearlne- which
<-.. In any possible event the syndicate will own 5000 acres of the most valuable vln*var* in »h» <?fnt#» fnllv Ann»n_
a^lfX^hVS^^^^ th -at would amount to only $12.65 per a^re.
- No such resultsas outlined above can; be secured by the purchase and nlantlnc- of «:mfln tract* hv Individual*
of the f£Sate°. n ' -T*" ""T **""¦¦ ""' " e ' urnlshM »" appmSS wTK&era an?at the offices
x All checks to be made payable to the order of the bank to whom the annllratlon i«» «u»nt
the pSSSrSSSKa^SeSt!^ Premiu m P $wIng to ihe greatly Increasing value of
, Applicationsjiccornpanled by payment of first 10 per cent will be reported immediately by the bank receiving
the same to the Fresno ; office, and allotments of shares will be made .only in priori™/ ot^^ipniicatlon receiving
PROFITS THAT GO TOTRUST PROMOTERS OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC.
SHARES WILL BE ALLOTTED IN PRIORITY OF APPLICATION.
KEARNEY
SHARES FULLY PAID NON-ASSESSABLE
Lodge and Entrance to Park, Fruit Vale Estate, Fresno County, California.
Incorporated Under the Laws off the State off California, October 27th, 1900
CAPITAL— TWO MILLION DOLLARS SHARES— 200,000, $10.00 EACH
ISSUE OF 30,000 SHARES OF $10.00 BACH AT PAR
To provide working capital only for the flrst year's development of the property and to pay off the mortgage,
the vendor having accepted $700,000 in shares In payment for the real estate.
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK of San Francisco
• : THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK of Fresno
THE FARMERS' NATIONAL BANK of Fresno
Will receive subscriptions from the public for 30,000 shares of 510.00 each at par, and will issue receipts for the
same, payable:
10 per cent on application. 20 per cent in three months thereafter.
10 per cent in one month thereafter. 20 per cent In four months thereafter.
20 per cent in two months thereafter. ¦ 20 per cent in five months thereafter.
Installments may be paid in advance, under discount at the rate of 5 per cent per annum for the unexplred
time.
M. THEO. KEARNEY, Fresno, President. HECTOR BURNESS, ESQ.. Fresno.
JUDGE M. K. HARRIS, Fresno, Vice President. . O. R. TAYLOR, ESQ., Fresno-
Secretary L. DINGLEY, Fresno.
Fiske Building, MaripOsa street, Fresno. ,v ; , i-'
Office of Wm. Hanson, 311 Claua Spreckels (Call) Building, San Francisco.EX-JUDGE MAGUIRE QUES
TIONS MELONE REGARDING
HIS COUNTER CLAIM.
Tax Collector Scott will petition the Su
pervisors | to pass an ordinance requiring
intending bidders for lands. to be sold for
delinquent taxes to put' up a deposit suf
ficient to cover the expenses of such sale.
Scott believes - the ordinance wiH prevent
many of the tax-sale sharks from acquir
ing a lien on property, without making
any deposit to guarantee the city against
loss. At present 1 Scott has 2S1 pieces, of
property that may.be sold.
"Mlra Valle," P. Klein. Sauterne typo, claret.
Grand Vin. • j Depot ; 612 ¦ Geary < street. • :
To Exact a Deposit.
Any i Dealer Anywhere
Will supply EVANS' ALE and STOUT.
Sherwood & Sherwood. ' •
cated a Bankrupt. .
i LONDON, Dec. 4.— The of . Com
mons, after a visit to the House of Lords
to-day, where • royal approval of t th© re
election of the Speaker, William Court
Gully, was signified, proceeded to swear
in the members of , the House i of Com
mons. The only -Interesting feature in
the House of, Lords was the Lord Chan
cellor's announcement • of • the receipt t of
certificates showing 'the Duke of Man
chester^ and Baron Sudelsy had been ad
judicated bankrupts, precluding their alt
tinaa. .- - , ¦¦;:>.\;. - . ,.o ¦ .r ;; _..-v.v-^-,:
Certificate Received Showing the
Duke of Manchester Is Adjudi-
NEW MEMBERS OF THE
COMMONS TAKE THE OATH
mestlc known as '-'Swedish" Maggie, who
last- week robbed Herman Cohn of tho
llrm of Goldstein & Cohn of rings valued
at $1000. The woman was employed In tho
Cohn household. She is believed to be in
hiding in tho city. " ¦ w ¦
Maggie was engaged by the Cohn fam
ily, 160S, Scott street, ten days ago. She
had been working there but three days
when she failed to report for duty one
morning and shortly afterward'Mrs. Cohn
found that nine valuable lings had dis
appeared. The police . were. Immediately
notified, but aa yet have not Arrested the
servant. ¦
SERVANT OIBIi ROBS
¦ 2 :¦ : EMPLOYER OF RINGS
Herman Cohn Loses Valuable Jew
elry From His Residence on
Scott , Street.
j The detectives are searching for a , do-
Is at Large.
Charles Anderson, a Swedish laborer,
aged 47 years, died at the City arid County
Hospital yesterday morning from injuries
received on Thanksgiving day at the
hands of some unknown person.
Anderson was found, by Police Patrol
man. Peters last Thursday evening on the
sidewalk .at the intersection of Kearny
and Jackson streets. His face and head
were severely bruised 'and cut, his nose
being broken. He was sent in the am
bulance to the city Receiving Hospital,
and later to the City and County Hos
pital. Shortly before his- death Anderson
informed one of the hospital attendants
that he had gone into a saloon on the
Barbary Coast and asked for a drink,
and that the barkeeper had beaten him
on the head with a club ' and thrown
him out into tho street. Anderson did not
know the name of his assailant.
The case has been placed ln the hands
of the police.
Charles Anderson Dies in the County
Hospital and His Assailant
UNKNOWN BABTENDER
FATAIXY .OI/TJBS A MAN
BEVERLET, Mass., Dec. 4. - Four
schooners were driven ashore in a galo
to-night and their ultimate fate is uncer
tain. The schooners are tho E. and O
Hlnes of Calais, lumber laden, from Ban-
Eor to Boston; schooner Victory of Ban
gor, bound for New York; Charles E
Sears of Lubec. Bangor. for New York!
with lumber, and schooner, name un
known, probably a coaster
T^wf 116 wa f eael >y a fifty-knot one.
The Hines Is in a bad position and In
danger of breaking up quickly. The oth
ers may weather the gale.
The police and firemen got a line to the
Hines and rescued the crew of four
HALIFAX. N. S., Dec. D.-The Allan lino
steamship Parisian, duo to-day, i s reported
by a pilot boat to bo broken down off
Sambro. A fierce gale is blowing
At 2 o'clock this morning the Parisian
was out of danger. in a safe position in
side Meagher's beach light. She Is burn-
Ing signals for assistance and tugs have
gone out. They will have difficulty in
finding the lines, as a blinding snowstorm*
"^ £ et . ln / A plIo J; boat r fPorts that when
tho Parisian was first sighted at midnight
she was showing signals of distress and
was steaming very slowly It is probable
the accident to the Parisian, the, nature
of which Is not yet known, occurred some
days ago at sea, aa she is flvo days over
due.
Rear Admiral BIckford, who is going to
Vancouver to take command of the Pa
cific squadron, Is a passenger. There are
also on board about 150 tars of the West
Indian fleet. The Parisian ¦ left Novem
ber 21. ¦ . '.-¦¦.¦'¦- :.-:
Pilot, Boat Reports Parisian
Burning Signals of
Distress.
LINER BREAKS
DOWN AT SEA
LIFE AMONG THE
CONGO NATIVES
In His Travels Cherry Dis
covers Three African
Peoples.
IX>NDON. Dec. 4.-W. Stamps Cherry,
who left his home in Chicago In the sum
mer of 1£S«, Is now on his way home to
America. For four years Mr. Cherry has
been living among the Congo natives. He
was their companion, friend and Instruc
tor. Briefly summed up Mr. Cherry while
traversing over 20,(XX> miles in the French
Congo and Soudan has accomplished the
following ends: The exploration of the
upper Kotto River and surrounding
region (the Kotto Is a large tributary of
the Moblagul); the discovery of three Af
rican peoples, the Breca. Engazla and
Ldndas tribes; the discovery of a npeciet>
of elephant much smaller than hitherto
known, which has no tusks.
For a Big Celebration.
A special from Sydney, N. S. W., says:
The arrangements for the celebration of
the establishment of the new common
wealth on January 1 include the erection
of a number of triumphal arches along
the route of the proeesFlon. Of these, tho
American and German residents will each
erect one.
Precaution Against Plague.
A special from Berlin says: The quar
antine office at Bremen has ordered that
on account of the outbreak of plapue in
South Africa ships from Cape Colony and
Natal are to be subjected to special ex
amination.
Embassador to St. Petersburg.
A Berlin special says: According (o the
Norddeutscher Allgemeine Zeitung, Count
Friederlch Johann von Alvensleben is
about to be appointed German Embassa
dor at St. Petersburg.
IS A SVENGALI
IN REAL LIFE
Arrest of Hypnotist Newman
Upon the Charge of
Special Dispatch to The CalL
OMAHA. Neb., Dec. 4.— Omaha haa a
genuine Bvengall in the city bastlle,
charged with having .wrecked the mind of
one of the prettiest girls In Omaha. 'His
name is James K. Newman, spiritualist
and hypnotist, and he has been a resident
of Omaha for about a year. He Is of Ger
man extraction, a slight, undersized man
with long raven locks, piercing black eyes
and prominent nose. He resembles the
stage character of Svengali to a remark
able degree. At the jail he disclaimed
any knowledge of th'e disappearance of
the young woman.
Nine months ago Miss Mary Ellen
Broderlck, who lived with her parents at
2520 Chicago street, was hypnotized at a
spiritual seance, and since then she has
been of unsound mind. Thanksgiving
morning she attended services at St.
John's Church. This was the last her
family has seen of her.
The matter was brought to the atten
tion of the police and to-day "James New
man, who is alleged to have exerted the
mental influence over the girl, was lodged
in Jail.
Miss Brodcrick Is a comely girl of 23.
She Is petite of figure, has brown hair,
blue eyes and plump, rosy cheeks which
harmonize but little with her fatalistic
temperament and proneness to study the
occult. In spite of the warnings of her
father Miss Broderlck during last winter
went as often as two or three times a
week to the eptritual seances. At first It
was merely as a spectator, but soon the
so-called materializations began to have
a wonderful fascination for her. James
K. Newman played the role of hypnotist,
and It is said that he found the girl so
susceptible to his machinations that a few
passes of the hand and a moment's steady
gaze of hla black eyes sufficed to bring
on unconsciousness.
San Francisco Boy Wounded.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 4.— Donald Ross, a
San Francisco boy, mot an accident
at Bollnas that may cause 'him the loss
of an arm. The lad was hunting and in
climbing over a fence with his gun the
top rail broke, precipitating him to. the
ground. The weapon was discharged and
the load entered the arm below the elbow.
Write for new catalogue of watches, Jewelry " &
¦Uvarwar*. Hammersmith A Field. M Kewnj. •
JAPAJMXSE ORDERED TO
GO FROM WHEATLAUD
Mass-Meeting of Citizens Decides to
Compel an Exodus of the
Asiatics.
WHEATIAND, Dec, 4.— All Japanese
have been ordered to leave Wheatland
and vicinity before 4 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon. This order was given out at a
maai-raeeting of dtliens to-day. Japan
ese &ro employed on the railroad and on
threo ranches along tho river. They prob
ably will leave the ranches quietly, but
the railroad company offers protection to
Its laborers
The following additional subscriptions to
the T^xa? relief fund have been recelvcl
by the California State relief committee:
Citizens of Termite Valtey, « 06; citizens
of Susanville. S» 5f ; t»»ch<T and pupils of
n o»an district Prhonl. Del Norte County. $1 33-
W. ?. fti^dard. RM Bluff. t2 M; Luseen
County ritij^ns. KH; Petaluma citizens, $7 45;
Gwrr.an ulnsrinir «orleti<»». f]S 60.
'•^mmittee on butchers reported: R. T.
BacCuK, tZ; Peter Mechla Co.. $1; cash G. A..
rn f(-rtt; cafh L.. N.. 50 centu; F. N. BUley,
r r ' c£fitc; J. A. Cmra, no cenU; H. E. Lap
havn. V,; Plcrr* Yaymot, CO cents; Pacific
Butcher*' Fizpriljr Co., t:,.
JiTnk of California reported: F*. S. F" Jl'
r. J. i;.. II; 17. i:. H.. *l; I>. Vhmann. $S.
T..t«l additional contribution* to dat#. $76 So.
Previous!? reported contributions, $lS.i>04 fl7.
Total contributions to Texas relief fund to
In the Divorce Court.
p^tccs of rilvnrcp were granted yester
<1r,y to D. H. Rivers from Helena B.
i:ivrr« for d^frrtinn. Fanny J. Walker
irnin George Walker for desertion, J If
H<>v.ard from Kdith Howard for desertion
nnd May V. I.n«key from Frank J. Loakey
fir willful jinplpct. Suit* for divorce
wr^ n!*^d by Grace D. Atkinson figralnrt
<~ir-ozg;e W. Atkinson for desertion. Patrick
P^pan .iRalnft Mary Bogsn for desertion.
falira M. -Stiner'agalnpt Frank A. Stin«r
for failure to provide. Anna Densmore
«rnins=t John DenKmore for failure to pro
vide and Lulu Dowllng- against Charles
2»/-».-l« r e for riVportion.
Texas Relief Fund.
Civil Service Commission yesterday in
tho matter of certain appointments and
he came out second best in the encoun
ter. .
Scott was permitted by the Super-visors
to retain ten clerks out of the forty-nvo
extra ones allowed him to assist In tho
collection of taxes. Ho appeared before
the commission and stated that he would
retain Frank Rettegstern, »W. I. RIley,
George Miller, F. Foley, James Twohig,
H. L. Maguire, H. Larsen, S. H. Brown,
P. W. Jonea and E. W. BIgelow. The
commission, however, took the stand that
these ten men were not at the head of the
eligible list and they would have to be
discharged to make way for those that
were.
Scott claimed that his selections were
the best for practical work, but the com
mission said It would not allow the city
to pay their salaries. The men volun
teered to do work for nothing, but Scott
says he may pay them out of hla own
pocket In order to retain their services.
TAX COLLECTOR MAY
PAY HIS EXTRA CLERKS
Civil Service Board Declines to Allow
Scott to Retain Those of His
Own Selection.
Tax Collector Scott went up ajralnst the
the one as by the other. The court de
cided that the employe while thus tem
porarily employed in breaking out the
stone understood the risk he was Incur
ring, and therefore his employer was not
liable for the accident.
A Michigan Case.
An interesting case has been tried In
Michigan. Some employes made hcatora
and gaa machines, and in their factory
was a carpenter's shop, containing among
other things two small circular saws. Tna
injured employe was only a general la
borer. He was, however, instructed in
the uso of the saws by one of the car
penters, and was Informed of the danger
in using them. He was set to work oc
casionally at the saws, but always pro
tested, "the grounds of his protest being
sometimes that he ¦was not employed lor
that work, and at other times that ha
was afraid of the saw." Finally he was
injured when using one of the saw9 and
sued his employer. Tho Supreme Court
In dealing with his claim said he was
thoroughly Instructed by the employer's
agent in the use of the Baw: that "what
ever danger there was was apparent: that
he had full and complete knowledge of
all the risks; that he was strong in body
and mind and in full possession of all his
faculties, and that he had frequently done
this work for a year and waa familiar
with It. He knew that he was liable to
be called upon to do it. Even If it werw
without the scope of his employment, he
could not by his protest cast all tho risk
of accident upon his employer. An em
ploye under <?uch circumstances has his
choice either to leave the employment or
to remain and assume all the risks Inci
dent to the work he knows that he is ex
pected to do."
Lack of Authority Thus to Employ
a Man Is No Defense.
Another case has arisen In Michigan In
which an ingerlous defense was made
worthy of notice. A man was employed
as a common laborer by a railroad com
pany, and afterward was required to act
as a brakeman •without any increase of
pay. Having been injured, he sued the
company, which tried to shield It3elf be
hind the defense that the superintendent
who thus changed the employe'* work
had no authority to do so. and conse
quently he need not have obeyed him.
By doing otherwise and obeying him it
was contended that he wa$ acting in a
voluntary manner. He was. therefore,
negligent In thus acting without author
ity, and so, of course, had no claim
against the company. The court remark
ed that generally It was no excuse to an
employer" that an injury was caused by
disobedience of his orders. "Ho assumes
the risk of such disobedience when ho
puts the servant Into his business." In
other words, if an employer Instructs his
agent to hire only highly competent men.
to do a piece of work and he employs
incompetent ones, whereby other em
ployes are in lured, the employer cannot
defend himself by saying: "I supposed I
was employing a faithful and proper
agent. I am very sorry, but I pught not
to be held liable; ho alone is to blame."
The law In such matters makes the
agent's act his employer's act. and he i»
as much responsible for the selection of.
incompetent employes as though he had
selected them himself.
Effect of an Agreement to Obey All
Orders.
This defense was attempted In a casa
tried In Rhode Island. A fireman who wa3
tending an engine fire was asked by tho
engineer to assist him in throwing on a
belt that worked a putnp which waa U3Od
to fill the boiler. The fireman complied,
but was injured while thu9 acting. The
court decided that he had a good claim
against the company; for In attempting to
assist the engineer he was acting outsido
of his regular duty and subjecting himsolf
to a new risk, and especially one with
which he was not acquainted. Further
more, the company was not permitted to
shield Itself behind the engineer's lack of
authority to give such an order to th»
fireman. He "must be looked upon,
said the court, "as representing his em
ployer."
Suppose an employ© signs an agreement
to obey all orders, rulea and regulations,
and enters the service of a. railroad com
pany as a brakeman, for example, has tho
company a light in such a case to put him
.at some other employment temporarily?
The Supreme Court of Michigan has
answered this question, holding that tho
contract means all orders, etc.. issued to
persons in the same class of employment,
and does not Justify the company In
transferring an employe from one class
to another. If, therefore, he Is assigned,
to some other -work which ho has never
agreed to do. and Injured while perform
ing it, he has a claim against his com
pany.
Unknown Bisk.
The cases all clearly follow tho rulo
that If one Is employed for a specific kind
of work and is temporarily set at another
task involving greater risks that are un
known or not understood tho employer ia
liable for the consequences. Cases of
this kind, too. often occur among minors,
and one such has come before the Su
preme Court of the United States. A boy
was employed in a machine shop as a
helper under tho direction of C. His du
ties were chiefly in receiving and putting
away moldings as they came from tho
machine. One day C ordered him to as
cend a ladder at great height among dan
gerous machinery and adjust a belt. While
doing so his arm was torn from his body.
The court decided that the order was not
a reasonable one and the owners of the
shop were held, liable.
ALBERT S. BOLLES.
University of Pennsylvania. '*:¦;. ¦¦*.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE QUERIES.
10L What famous author was known as
"tho wit who never wounded, the poet
who ever charmed, tho friend who never
failed"?
102. Whom did Lowell apostrophize as
New birth of our new soil, the first Ameri
can? ' , ,t4
10i. Of whom did I>anlel Webster say:
"He conducted thro electric <-park of lib
erty from the new world to the old"?
1M. To whom did Queen Anne refer as
"the noblest knight who ever won his
spurs In the field of science"?
105. Of what great King did BoHngbroko
says: "He was the best actor of majesty
that ever filled a throne"?
106. To what author did Tennyson thus
allude:
Victor in drama, victor In romance.
Cloud-weaver of phantasmal hopes and fear*.
French of tho I«rench and lord of human tears?
107. Whom did Pop© call "tho wisest.
brightest, meanest of mankind"? .¦
108. To what American traveler did
Whittler thus refer:
And one whose Arab face was tanned
By tropic sun and boreal frost.
Bo trav*led there was scarce a land
Or people left him to exhaust T
109. To what great navigator did Camj
bell refer In "The Pleasures of Hope":
Launched with Iberia's pilot from the steep
To worlds unknown and isles beyond the deep?
110. What King was the subject of th«
following mock epitaph: *
Here lies our mutton-eatlne Kins.
Whose word do man relies on:
He. never said a foolish thins
And never did a wise one?
111. Of whom did Goldsmith say:
He cast off his friends am a huntsman his na<-*.
For be knew when ha pleas' <i he could wnlall»
them; back? :
112. Of whom did Richard Steel©- say:
To love her was a liberal education?
Answers.
86. Martin Luther. 87. John Howard
Payne. 8S. Benedict Arnold. 83. Themis
tocles. 90. Robert Ea Lee. DL Tvcho
Brahe. 92. Dumas. 93. Burke. 94. John.
Wycllffe's. 95. Andrew. Jackson. 9*. Ho
mer. 97. "The Prtr.ce of India," by Lew
Wallace. 9S. Guldo • Petrl 99. Angelica
Kauffman. 100. Nelson
Dr. G. "W. O'Donnell Convicted.
Dr. G. W. O'Donnell was convicted by
a Jury yesterday in the United States
District Court of having violated tho
postal laws by sending illicit drug»
through the mails to the address of Mr*.
Ida Anderson, Wlnnemucca. Nev. He waa
ordered to appear for sentence to-morrow
morning. The convicted man i* a toi at
Dr. C. G. (yPonnaJL
JUST the drlbblings of scandal are
leaking through the mesh of the
law invoked to prevent proof being
offered In support of Drury
Melone's allegations contained in
his cross-complaint in the action, insti
tuted against him by ex-Judge William
T. Wallace and Ryland B. Wallace. Pub
lic policy has intervened and stripped the
action of Its most Interesting element—
the charge made by Meione that his ser
vices on behalf of Wallace in the manipu
lation of State legislation and some others
were reasonably worth more than Wal
lace claims for legal services rendered at
the instance and request of the defendant.
Judge Seawell during the hearing of the
cane yesterday held, in accordance with
fixed precedents, that the corrupt use of
funds to maintain a lobby ror the purpose
of influencing legislation Is against pub
lic policy and none may successfully set
up such expenditure of funds In defense
when fighting an action Instituted in good
faith and on lawful gTound for tho re
covery of money or property. This ruling
eliminated from the case those items in
Melone's bill of particulars referring to
services rendered In seeking to force legis
lation to facilitate the collection of the
Placerville bonds.
Before opposing counsel could wedge in
an objection, however, Meione frequently
shoved a word or two Into the record re
garding Judge Wallace's connection with
the frequent pilgrimages to the halls of
the Senate and Assembly. James Q. Ma
guire, who represents Meione. also took
occasion during hi* opening etatement on
behalf of the defense to boost "the ugly
head of scandal" a little higher and bet
ter into the public gaze. He passed rapid
ly over many items contained In his
client's cross-complaint, but Bpoke delib
erately and Impressively when he reached
that charge of $1000 which Meione claims
is due him for settling an account be
tween Judge Wallace and John F. Mc-
Cauley.
"We will try to show," said Judge Ma
guire, "that this allegation of the settle
ment by Wallace with McCauley by the
payment of J5000 after a transaction in
volving the changing of hands of $10,000.
In which the name of Lloyd Tevis is
prominently mentioned, was not, as Mr.
Pillsbury said in hi* opening statement,
•incorporated in the eult for the purpose
of Intimidating Judge Wallace.' We will
try to show that McCauley had become
loud and boisterous In his assertions of
that claim to the detriment of Wallace.
In June of XSS2, after a disagreeable and
Many Friends of the Young Men At
tend tho Performance at St.
Ignatius College.
The members of the Gentlemen's Sodal
ity of St. Ignatius Church presented last
night In the main hall of the college be
fore a large audience "The Comedy of
Errors." The production was very cred
itably performed and Bhowed deep study
on the part of tho pla,yers. The following
was the cast:
Sollnus. Duke of EDhesus, Richard Blake;
Aeifeon, a merchant of Syracuse. George Con
nolly. Antipholus of Ephesus. Luke J. Plynn:
Antipholus of Syracuse. J. Cunningham: twin
brothers unknown to each other. I>romlo of
Kphesus, Dr. William H. Sleberst; Dromio of
Syracuse, Joaerh Farrey; twin servants to An
tipholuses. Ludolph, Prefect of Ejihesus, James
(yDonnell; Philo. father of Antlrholus' wife
Adrianla. John Mulrenn&n; GaJIue. Adriania's
brother. Frank Fenton; Angelo, a Jeweler, John
Jaunet; Cleon, a merchant, Maurice J. Pope;
Balthazar, a merchant. Oscar Thelme; Dr.
Pinch, physician of the old school. John Flood:
Luce, an attendant. Ernest Bralnard: Officer of
the Ouard, Theo. Lyons. Guards — Frank Kast.
Joseph O'Brien. W. Weyand, Fred Loeffler.
Martin J. Uallard, Edward Butler, Eugene
Thelme, Frank M. BUva, Michael J. Warren,
Edward McCarthy. Citizens— Louis Healey,
Robert L». Grennan, John J. Valentine, Robert
Valentine, Joseph Gronnan. Morgan O'Brien.
Joneph A. Musscio, John P. Dolan. Pases —
"William Lonergan, Jerry Iionerjran.
During the evening the following mu
sical programme was rendered under the
direction of John Marquardt: /
Overture, "La Zazza Ladra" (Rossini); comic
opera selection, "Cyrano de Bergrerac" (Her
bert), incidental vocal music by quartet; "Fu
neral March of the Marionettes". (Gounod):
"CantantlbUB Orsranls" (G. Capoccl); "Hymn
to St. Cecilia," (Gounod), for violin solo with
organ and harp solo, "Elegy" (Qberthuer).
Incidental vocal music was rendered by
£. quartet consisting of John Desmond,
first tenor; Sydney Ilopcroft, second
tenor; S. Berger, first bass, and George
Woods, second bass.
GENTLEMEirS SODAUETY
IN "COMEDY OF EEROBS"
"Answers to these questions would bring
us back to the same Illicit use of money
to influence legislators," said Mr. Camp
bell. "These men who, it is alleged, lived
in Sacramento at Melone's expense in the
Interest of Judge Wallace are notorious
agents of potent factors In politics. For
these reasons we object to the question."
Judge Maguire attempted to explain
that be was woll aware of that rule of
law which would prevent him from recov
ering on a claim for such services, but
he contended that the rule was different
when matters of this kind were set up In
defense to a claim against tho defendant.
Judge Seawoll, however, stood by his orig
inal ruling and the Legislature end of the
case was swept aside.
th« witness said that after
the defeat of the first bill in tho Legis
lature of 1881 Judge Wallace wrote an
other bill, but as this dragged Judge Wal
lace prepared a memorial in which Meyers
appealed to the sense of Justice of the
Legislature to come to his aid and force
the "defaulting city of Placerville" to
meet its obligations. Another pamphlet
was prepared warning the public against
the dangers of Investing in public securi
ties, and this paper also found its way
into the hands of the legislators.
Finally Meione was permitted to an
swer as a preliminary question whether
or not he had paid W. T. HIgglns $5000
for his influence. He answered in the af
firmative, as he did to a similar question
regarding the payment of $4000 to Carr.
When asked if these payments were made
in the presence of Wallace an objection
was raised and sustained, and on motion
of opposing counsel the answers to the
preliminary questions were ordered strick
en out. Hence the record remained clear
of the Legislature end of the case though
an Impression doubtless remained on the
minds of the jurors.
The witness, after a recital of Judge
Wallace's efforts to secure needed legis
lation, said that he met Judge Wallace
and he had commiserated with the witness
on his loss of time and money. "And
finally," said Meione, "he said that he
would surrender all claim he had to the
bonds in my favor and concluded with
the assertion that even If he did secure
the needed legislation it would be use
less, 'for," said Judge Wallace, 'that in
famous Supreme Court would declare It
unconstitutional, just because I was In
the case.' " -*
Meione proceeded on this line until he
had completed his explanation of how he
finally secured a compromise and collected
on the bonds. During his examination he
frequently Indulged in reminiscences, and
once he caused a ripple of excitement by
exclaiming: "Judge Wallace and I were
always friendly until this difficulty. One
day he asked me to be his executor, or
at least told me that he believed he would
name me as such In his will as a recogni
tion for all the services I had done him.
He told me he was going to give all his
money to his daughter, for his eons were
indolent and undeserving. His son, Ry
land, was then In Europe, and I asked
him when he would return. He' said he
didn't know and didn't care." ¦
When Meione proceeded on this line
Wallace leaned far out of his chair to
better catch tho words of the witness.
An expression was on his face that bodes
a warm cross-examination for Meione this
morning and warmer developments still
when the aged Jurist mounts the stand
In rebuttal.
Judge Maprulre's question as to Melone's
expenses raised the point of "public pol
icy," and here the end came to what was
to have been the sensational feature of
the case. Mr. Campbell, representing
Judsre Wallace, objected to the question
on the ground that it involved the proof
of matters void in law, being against pub
lic policy. In rapid succession. In order to
save the point for action on appeal. Judge
Maguire asked the witness regarding the
items In his bill of particulars! for ex
penses of William B. Carr. William T.
Higgins and Colonel GIllls, "for their In
fluence In securing legislation to facilitate
the collection of the Placerville bonds."
Maguire closed his opening statement
and Meione was called to the stand. Like
Judge "Wallace, he was in a reminiscent
mood and counsel experienced some diffi
culty in preventing him from drifting
fiway from direct answers into collateral
matters and once or twice into Judge
Wallace's family affairs. After generally
covering the ground of his association
with Judge Wallace in connection with
the Placerville bond matters Meione flatly
contradicted Judge Wallace's statement
to the effect that no written agreement
was in existence fixing how the profits
would be shared when victory crowned
their efforts. Meione said there was a
written agreement and asserted that the
came was drawn up by Mr. Hastings
when he was In partnership with Ryland
B. Wallace. Continuing, he said:
"Judge Wallace prepared two bills to
b* introduced Into the Legislature. He
nr.d I agreed to go to Sacramento and
take Mr. Meyers, who was then a poor
man and who held a block of the bonds,
with us. Within three days the bill was
prepared and Introduced. The work was
arduous, an there were several intellec
tual giants In the Legislature at that
tlma Judge Wallace remained during
the entire pesslon and appeared before
the committees to which the bills had
been referred."
"It was stated by Mr. Pillsbury in h!s
opening statement that McCauley's state
ments were the statements of a dis
gruntled or defeated litigant, who was
complaining of a court which had decid
ed against him. Such was not the case.
McCauley's complaint was about a matter
In which he had succeeded and In which
a large fortune had been awarded to him
by a decision of the court in the very mat
ter about which McCauley was making
these harsh and injurious statements."
sensational parade of this charge by Mc-
Cauley, Mr. Meione, through LJoyd Tovls,
was called upon to meet Meione, he
(Melone) having been In early days a
close friend of McCaulev, they having
traveled across the plains together, and
was asked by Wallace to settle with Me-
Cauley upon the best terms he could ar
range. Meione undertook the effort. Mc-
Cauley demanded $10,000 by way of set
tlement. An arrangement was finally
made by which McCauley was to be paid
45000. Settlement was to be made and
was made through the agency of Mr. Me
ione and for that service Meione charges
$1000 and Wallace agreed to pay him that
amount or to allow the same on the settle
ment of the Placerville bond cases.
vin.
Not infrequently an employe Is asked to
undertake a piece of work that is outside
his regular employment and Involving
more risk. Sometimes he has .been In
jured while thus employed and has sought
to recover something, in the way of dam
ages from his employer. Can he get any
thing if he appeals to the law?
Usually He Assumes the Risk.
It is said in such cases, if he under
takes the new employment knowing that
it la more' risky, even though he is to re
ceive no larger compensation, he assumes
the risk. This question has been fully
considered by the Supreme Court of Mas
sachusetts in a case against the Boston
and Albany Railroad. The person injured
was aiding as* fireman on an engine, and
knew that he was not required to do so
by his original contract with the com
pa"hy. He was asked to serve In this way
and he complied rather than run the risk
of losing his position as a laborer. In so
doing the court said he assumed the nec
essary risk. He did this, continued the
court, "rather than lose the position
which he held and which he desired to
retain," and by so doing added this duty
to the one he first agreed to perform.
"Morally to coerce a servant to an em
ployment the risk of which he does not
wish to encounter, by threatening other
wise to deprive him of an employment he
can readily and safely perform may
sometimes be harsh; but when one has
assumed an employment, if an additional
and more dangerous duty is added to his
original labor, he may accept or refuse
it." if he should refuse, and as a conse
quence be discharged, he can sue his em
ployer for breaking his original contract
with him. This is the remedy that the
law provides for him. But as his term of
service usually is very short, and his em
ployer can discharge him fn most cases
when it is for his interest to do ao, this
remedy ia not worth much. He has in
truth in many cases no alternative but
to perform the new service. The court, in
the case above mentioned, says that if
the laborer has no contract for a specific
period and "knowingly, although unwill
ingly, accepts the additional and more
dangerous employment, he accepts Us in
cidental risks, and cannot recover for an
injury which occurs only from his own
inexperience. The employer is not neces
sarily unjust because he wishes in his
employ a servant who can from time to
time relieve a skillful workman while his
ordinary duties will be those of a mere
laborer."
The Eule in Wisconsin.
In 'Wisconsin the rule Is somewhat qual
ified. The Supreme Court of that State
holds that when an employe of mature
years and of ordinary intelligence and ex
perience is directed to do. temporary work
and consents to do it without objection,
he assumes the risk. This rule was ap
plied in the following case: The foreman
of a gang of men who were building
bridges for a railroad directed them to
take an engine and do some switching.
They readily obeyed, but while one of
them was trying to couple a car he was
injured. He tried to recover for. the in-
Jury, but failed to get anything. .
In a case that happened in a sawmill in
Michigan the injured employe claimed
that -he had not been employed to do the
work In which he was engaged at the
time he was injured; that he had no ex
perience In doing it and lacked the skill
and strength required to do It; that he
did not know of the danger and was not
warned against It. Furthermore. he
claimed that his employer did know of
the danger and was negligent In not tell
ing him. The evidence, however, did not
sustain his claim. He had been employed
around the mill several years and bad
been "put on ail kinds of machinery to
run." The machine whereby he was in
jured was a good one and in good order
and was not dangerous to use. Indeed,
the evidence showed that it was one of
the simplest of the employer's machines
and was not infrequently operated with
out difficulty by unskilled workmen "an.1
sometimes by beginners." He therefore
failed for several reasons to prove his
case, one of the most important of which
was that his risk was not Increased from
running the machine by which he was in
jured.
When Employers Have Been Held
Liable.
There are cases, though, in which an em
ployer has been held liable for putting
his employes to other tasks than thos-3
first undertaken— cases in which the dan
ger was greater and not known or under
stood by the employe. One of these cases
was Lalors against the Chicago and Bur
lington Railroad, which was tried in Illin
ois. The injured employe was employed
around the frelghthouso of tl e company
as a common laborer to load and unload
freight and for no. other purpose. While
thus engaged he was ordered by a fore
man of the company to couple cars. He
was totally Ignorant of this business an1
the foreman knew it. Having been killed
while thus engaged through th« negil
gence of the engineer of the train with
which he was acting his widow sued the
company. The court remarked that in
agreeing to work for the company he
might be presumed to have known tho
perils usually and necessarily Incident to
the services. But he engaged to per
form work only ordinarily hazardous. On
the other hand, he was compelled to do
other work that was extra hazardous, by
which he lost his life. The superintendent
knew at the time he set him at coupling
cars that he was unskilled in the work
and the' company in law was present by
and through this officer "It was. then,
by the direct command of the company
the deceased was exposed to this peril
and one out of the line of the business he
had contracted to perform. He was killed
by the negligence of the driver in charge
of the locomotive while thus exposed. The
law would bo lamentably deficient did it
, furnish no remedy In such a case."
The "Wrong Consists in Not Telling
Him of His Greater Danger.
The company was held liable In this
case because It set one of Its servants at a
different employment, without agreement,
that was more hazardous, -without telling
him and of which he had no proper
knowledge. The essence of its wrong
was not so much In changing his employ
ment as In increasing the risk without in
forming him. If he had known how to
couple cars as well as he knew how to
handle freight a different question would
have been presented. Thus Judge Jenkins
in a Federal case remarks: "The master
may not lawfully expose his servant to
greater risks than those pertaining to the
particular service for which he has en
gaged and against which the servant,
through want of skill or by reason of ten
der age or physical inability, could not
presumably defend himself If unapprised
of the danger. . He is bound to warn the
servant of the danger. If It b« not ob
vious, and to Instruct him how It may be
avoided." The court then proceeds ,to
add that If the servant be of mature
years and have ordinary knowledge and
experience he is presumed to understand
all obvious dangers. . In such a case,
therefore, his master is not liable to him
if he does "dangerous work without tho
scope of his engagement for service mere
ly because he has been directed by the
master to perform such work."
The Rule Applied to a Quarryman.
Yin the case in which this principle was
applied the Injured employe was employ
ed in a quarry to prepare stone for new-
Ing. He had been doing such work for
more than two years and understood how
to "channel" stone and turn over cuts of
sto'ne after channeling. He also knew
that there were often seams In tho rock
which weakened it and rendered it liable
to break when men were at work. The
foreman of the quarry directed this em
ploye to leave his regular work, which
was free from risk, and assist In breaking
out a cut of stone by using wedges. Not
Fiicceeding, ; the foreman told him to go
below and clear the way for using the
steam drill. While he was doing as he
was bidden the foreman continued to use
the wedges to break out the stone, and
while he was doing this a piece of seamy
stone spilt off and injured the employe.
.Th'e seam was covered over with stone
dust and mud and a» diffi*u«it x. o see t-,,.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
RISKS ASSUMED BY TEMPORARY EMPLOYES
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
LAW LESSONS: BmPLOYBRS AND EMPLOYES.
Other papers in the same case were filed
to-day, including what purports to be a
release by Chlpps to Lindeberg of all the
former's property inteiests.
Tho case is an intricate one und involves
th^ regularity I of Judge Noyes of the
Alaskan District Court in appointing Mc-
Kenzie receiver of the mine and also the
right of the Circuit Court of Appeals to
review the. action of the Alaskan court.
Upon his appointment McKenaie took pos
session of the mint- in question and also
of fi large quantity of gold dust (said to
be tfOC.OOU worth). Judge Noycs afterward
refused to dismiss McKenzie as receiver,
and the case was appealed to the Circuit
Court of Appeals. Judge Morrow of that
court not only allowed an appeal but is
sued a writ of supersedeas ordering Mc-
Kenzie to return all the property to the
defendants. The latttr refused to sur
render the eold and is now being- proceed
ed against for contempt.
The Supreme Court has taken the case
en briefs, and no oral argument will be
heard.
Tho reply of the court is to the effect
that its -proceedings have been regular and
that they are not subject to review by r he
Supreme Court.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— In the Supreme
Court of the United States to-day Attor
r.ey.A. B. Brown submitted the return of
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit to the ruling of the Supreme Court
to show why, a writ of certiorari should
not issue in the case of Robert Chipps and
Alexander McKenzIe, the latter receiver
for the placer mine known as "Discovery
Claim," on Anvil Creek, in Alaska,
against Jafet Undeberg and others.
States That the Action Has Been
Regular and That No Writ of
Certiorari Should Be
Issued. ;
Return of the Lower Tri
bunal Is Presented for
Consideration.
McKENZlE CASE IN
SUPREME COURT
AND STILL DOLLS
ARE POURING IN
Many Substantial Checks
Are Received by Doc
tor's Daughters.
Meeting, and Now Everything
Is Beady for the Great
Charity "Workers Hold Their Last
The Doctor's Daughters held their last
meeting previous to the great doll show
yesterday morning and disposed of all the
immense preparatory business. A pleas
ar.t part of the meeting was the recclv-
Ics of many donations from the well
wishers of the splendid cause.
Mrs. I. L,owenberK and Mrs. Dan Mur
phy sent substantial checks and Miss
Agnes Simpson. Miss Ella Morgan and
the Misses Blanche and Grace Motson
cent *ome exquisite-ly gowned dollies.
Miss Agnes Simpsoh's donation was a
baby doll and Mis« Morgan's doll was a
t'.ny miss clothed in all the fluffy lux
ury of an aristocratic miss of two brief
furamcrs.
One of the Metson dolls was an exact
reproduction of Chlqulta, the world fam
ous liliputian. and the other was a gay
darky ready for the ca-kewalk.
Every year Mrs. Murphy has presented
the Doctor's Daughters with a magnifi
cent mechanical toy, but this year she
was unable to t1nd"a toy worthy of the
Khow and so srnt a substantial check in
ptt-ad.
The Jyd.«on poster was received yester
day and naturally it smacks of the Bo
hemian Club. On a brilliant background
is Bohemia's emblem, the owl. and round
ii in a luxurious wildne** are disposed all
FOfta and conditions of dolls. "This pos
ter the Doctor's Daughters have agreed
to put on public exhibition and to-day it
vill b*> displayed in the windows of New
man & Levinson.
WILLIAMS BUYS A DOLL.
Check for a Hundred Dollars to Be
Divided Among Charities.
Mist; Howena Burns, who Is the proud
pop!K''j«5nr of th*» fine«t collection of dolls
l:i America, will rhort'y have a new
Hsfjue beauty to add to her wonderful
collection. Thoma* H. William* Jr. will
present .Miss Burns with the new doll and
ihe lady will have th«> twofold Fatiffac
tk,n of knowing that this pew addition to
her collection if in every way worthy of
¦ place <jf honor and that the purchase
jirli-e is about to add to the exchequer of
ihiee m j^t deserving charities.
fcllsa Burns' latest doll was one of the
prize beautiM of the recent puccessful
<jo!l f-hi.w Riven for the benefit of the San
J-'ranciJ<~o Xurwry for Homeless Chil
dren. It area the donation of Mrs. Philip
K^hn srA was disposed of by raffle. Mrs.
A. Waltpmein held the lucky number
that gav* hrr possession of the doll and
fhp in turn presented the pretty model to
¦ ne r.f tho most indefatigable ¦workers in
the nursery's cause. Proud ap the new
possessor was to own the doll and in pplt*
of the joy the possession gave her. she
unselfishly put all personal feeling* aside
end sold the doll to Mr. Williams for J100.
Thi.« Situ the Indy has decided to divide
equally among the three charities in
which Fht- In interested— the Mizpah
Club, tho Native Daughters of the Golden
"West Home and the San Francisco Xur
t-cry for Homeless Children — and to-day
these three charities will each receive a
check for ?33 33.
Miss Burns' new dollie is a gorgeous
lady, ail dr-cked out in an artistic combi
nation of vivid red and black Her cown
I* of red silk laid in tiny tucks, and the
sweeping train of the skirt is ed?M with
nmnberle?p chiffon flounces, finished off
with a tiny flounce of red !»aby ribbon.
l**i!!>"'f substantial waist Is spanned with
a RirdJe of er>]d etnhrniii<red in Jewels, and
the Fanip jev.eled irimmlne is found on
th* 1 coryac^. The "bisque beauty has raven
trc?ses. dressed In the latest "pompadour
style, and a dashing- hat of black panne
velvet, with *old trimming, is becomingly
r^fJiwi on her h*-«d. A brilliant red para
sol, lone Mark kid ploves and the cutct
hith-heeied patent leather and cloth low
fchoe* complete the doll's ravishing toilet
When Mrs. Kohn sent her doll to the
Fhcw xhp labeled it "a girl from (ray
Peree "• and thfct n«me most aptly de-
Ffribep th,= chic of the inanimate beauty.
Tcm Williams has added many dolls to
Miss Burns* collection. Each year at the
doll *h<">w Williams ha* purchased on* of
tbe most expensive prize dolls, and each
time this doll has jrone with the pur
roaser'a compliments to take its place in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; DECEMBER 5, 1900.
Coiart Decrees That Lobby tag Is Agaiiriist Pmfoll 5c Policy
and Rules Out fleloirae's Proofs.
SCANDAL IN WALLACE CASE
HELD BACK BY LAW'S MESH
Show.
9
POSTUM CEEEAL.
THE DOCTOR LAUGHED
But the Woman Was Frightened.
A physician of Columbus. Ga.. rather
poked fun at a lady patient who Insisted
the had h^nrt dlfpape.
Th* trouble really was caused by In-
juries from the effect* of coffee drinking,
and the n^rv^s were bo affected that It
pave hrr every Indication of heart disease.
Thl» If true of thousands of people who
ar*> badly hurt by the caffeine of coffee,
and it i» understood that If continued long
enough real organic heart disease will set
in.
•" The lady referred to above le Mrs. C.
V. Inin, 1010 13 etrcet. Ea*t Highland,
Columbus. Ga. 8h« says: "I had been
running down ln health for a number of
years, and suspected that Coffee was
fcortinff me. but could not get my con-
sent to quit It. My heart troubled me «o
that I was very short of breath and could
do little or nothing that required exertion.
1 had fearful nervous headaches nearly
every day. and was exceedingly nervous
with indigestion and badly constipated.
The doctor laughed at my Idea of heart
trouble, but knew that I was In a serious
*ondition generally. Finally I was In-
duced to quit coffee and take up Postum
Food Coffee. This was about four months
ago. and the change has been wonderful.
I feel like another person. My heart does
not trouble me at all, anfi the stomach
and nerves ere deddfdly improved. My
hf-ad does not rive rr.e the old trouble It
did, while the bowels are regular, with-
out any purgatives or medicine of any
kind.
"I can hardly express my gratification
for the relief from suffering brought on
by the use of regular coffee, and I cannot
thank Poetum enough"George W. and Mary L Hat man to Clarene*
C. and E. C. Burr, Lucy B. Holm an and Man
M. Allyne* (wife of John W.). lot on N llm
of Union street. 105:0% W of Franklin. N t<
Filbert, E to Franklin, 8 to Union. W to be
ginning, quitclaim deed; Jl.
Amy W. Ver Mehr to L. C. Rleff.»t. lot on 1
line of Buchanan street, 23:8 S of Pine, S 22:<
by E 83:6; $10.
Joseph H. McKenzls (executor of estate at
John G. McKenzle) to same, same; $2900.
A. H. Sonnemann to John W. Schults. lot o*
NE corner ' of Filbert and Baker street*. E 21
by N 72; J10. - •
Daniel and Jeanette Roth to Adam Heuntsch,
lot on NW corner of Baker and Hayes streets,
N 55 by W 121 :10^; $10.
John C. and Louise D. Brtckoll to Nathanta
Blaisdell and Gracibel W. Brickell. refers ti
1873 D. 1CS. all Interest In lot on 3 line of Mc-
Allister street, 131:3 W of Lyon, W 25 by |
137:6; $10.
John Coop and Jamea W. Smith to Frank \«
and . Daisy I. Denis, lot on E line of Col*
street. 210 N of Frederick. N 25 by E 125; |10.
J. D. Maxwell and Paul M. Nlppert (and * .
trustees Fidelity and Guaranty Co. of U. Si
to John W. Hansbrouph. lot on W line of Starf
yan street. 418:6 2-5 S of Sullivan. S 25 by W
lll-« lot 40. Meyer Garden; to.
S. F. Sinclair to Patrick McCaffery, lot or
NE corner of Twelfth street. 13 NW of Har
rison. NW 23. NE 60:8, SE 23, SW 53. qultclala
deed: 12. ¦
James D. and Grace Byrne to Matthew I
Sullivan, lot on NE corner of Twentieth an<
Valencia streets, N 85 by E 106; J10.
Bridget Downey to Charles J. Phlpps. lot 01
E line of Harrison street. 1S2 N of Twenty*
fourth. N 26 by E 100; $10. *
Sophie B: Bowman to Hlbernla Savln*^ an<-
Loan Society, lot on SE corner at Twenty-flftl
and Bryant streets, E 25 by S 90; $10.
Henry J. O'Day to same, same; $10.
Vincent Bellman to Margaret Bellman, lot 01
S line of Twenty- third street. 54 E ot C_att_
nooga. E 48 by S 100; gift, . "**-""*
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — -' j n Spring Valle-r 9*% •*«
Marln County. 6«4 - CentLi^> c*-— * 4^
Business was good on the morning session of
the Bond Exchange. Market-street Railroad
declined to $71%. Hawaiian Commercial ad
vanced to JS9 and Oceanic to J182H.
The market in the afternoon was active with
an advance in Spring Valley Water to W4
Business was brisk again on the Oil" Ex
change, with lower quotations for Caribou and
Shamrock, and higher prices for California
Standard. /
The Gould * Curry Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 10c per share!
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Dec 4-» p. m.
. UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bid Ask
4s quax coup. .116 116% 4s do cp <new).m?ii3*u
4s do .reg 115 115% 3s do TOupT'.iio 111
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bay Co 1 P Co.104 — Oak Water 5s'.. 106 —
Cal-«t Cab 3s.H9 — Oceanic SS Ss llOviliiu
C C Water Bs.lOS* - Om C Ry6s Ss 123&
EdL&P6s...l31 - Pac Gimp is'lOl _
F&ClRy6..-- P & ci Ry P 6s .106 Z
Geary-st R 5s. — — P & O R R 6s mt_
HC & S 5*s.. - - Powell-A R to-? 4 I '
Do 5s 101*4 — Sac E G4R !s inn inni.-
L A Ry 5s....ll0ttlll S F & sjv f s "S« **
L A Lt Co 63.. _ 103 S R of ell 6s :^!*m
Do gntd 6s.. — — S J> of A 6s 112 i«_.
L A gntd 6s... - 103 g PC fa (1MB) "***
LAPBR 68.103% - (Series A) losu
Market-st 6s.. .128% - ' Do(Serie« I imim*
N £ $.* R **-m _Su s £y*« fa:i8%_£,
~.~2 ?*«•••; ••• 108 108 % Do 4* ....103 —
N Cal Ry Bs..llO — r>o 3d mtee 10li4-_
-¦;-:'. CALL BOARD SALES.
? Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales. - '
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
• Afternoon Session— D*cember-4000 i ctla, * 75o» i
May— 2000^75^0. .¦ , - -
OATS— The eharp demand for red ha» about.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — The spot market is
dull at 40s, usual options. The chartered wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage oi 68,740, I
against 41,886 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 10,664 tons, against 8638; 'on the
way to this port, 120. BOO tons, against 184,800.
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change. New York was several fractions firm
er, and Chicago opened dull with a moderate
demand. This Inactivity, however, was suc
ceeded by a firmer tone and more ¦ disposition
to buy. Tbe feeling became bullish, as the
visible Is steadily decreasing and receipt* In
the Northwest are. falling oft. In addition
Flour Is showing signs of emerging • from Its
recent apathy, and the Argentine situation Is
still poor. The Liverpool demand for Flour "is
good, and at Chicago but little Wheat was
drawn out by bids. Hence operator* are gen
erally looking : for better ¦¦¦ prices. .
In the local market both spot and . future
prices were a fraction or so higher. .
Spot Wheat— 8hlpplng, 97%o ; Milling, $1®
1 05 per ctl. .
• CALL BOARD": SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls.
1104%. • . .
Second Session— May— 14.000 ctls, $1 04%.
Regular Morning Session— 4000 ctls, SI 04%;
2000, U 05. .
Afternoon Session — May — 14,000 ctls, Si 05; 12,
000, |l 05H- , December— 2000, 97^c. .
BARLEY-rThe market shows no change. Of
ferings of feed ara moderate and choice bright
is scarce and firm. There Is " little call for
Brewing and Shipping grades.
Feed, 77»4cfor choice bright,' 75o . for No. 1
and 67%@72Hc for off grades ;•'•¦'¦ Brewing and
Shipping grades, 80@85c; Chevalier, nominal.
Wheat and- Other Grains:
Sterling . Exchange, <0 days........ — 4 12%
Sterling Exchange, sight... — 4 86H
Sterling Cables — "4 87H
New York Exchange, sight — 6
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 7 ty
Fine Silver, .per ounce -— 6414
Mexican Dollars, . nominal $0% O 61 •
Exchange and Bullion.
Weather Report.
O20t_ Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 4— S p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fl£te, a» compared with those of the same date
last season, arid rainfall In the last twenty-
U'UT hours:
Ban Francisco Cata: Maximum temperature,
C4; minimum. 42; mean. 4t.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over the north
ern half of the Pacinc slope and rapidly over
Northern WashinKtoj and Vancouver Island.
It has fallen over California and Arizona.
From Point Conception southward to San
D'.ego there has been a quick fall and it
1<? possible that a disturbance may develop
V'fdneFday over the southern part of the State.
The temrwrature ha* remained almost sta
tionary we*t of the Rocky Mountains. The
v. cat her 1 continue* cool In the great valleys of
California and abnormally warm aouth of the
Tehacha pi-
Heavy rein la falling over Washington and
Northern Oregon. At Aetoria 1.2S lnch?b is
r; pT'K'd. A maximum wind velocity of 30
mile* per hour from the south Is reported from
IVrtland. Or.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hr-urs ending midnight. December B. 1900:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, ex
cept cloudy in extreme northern portion; light
rcrtherly. changing to southeasterly winds.
Southern California — Increasinr cloudiness
¦V-'«Jne»day. possibly light showers In extreme
•outhern portion: light northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
•Ean Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednes
day, with increasing cloudiness; light north
•ify changing to nouthearterly wind*.
ALEXANDER G. McADlE.
Forecast Official.
NEW TORK. Dec 4.— The opening In cotton
was easy with near months 1®5 points higher
The market soon after the call waa steadier
and a trifle more active, but later an easier
turn developed under general selling, the mar
ket closing quiet, 6@ll points lower.
I New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Dec. 4.— FLOUR— Receipts, 21,
651 barrels: ejjj»orts, 35,367 barrels. More than
usually active, selling freely at old prices an*d
closing firm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 106.357 bushels; exports,
€6,398 bushels; epot, firm. No. 2 red, 7S?ic
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 77%c elevator; No. 1
Xcrthern Dulutb, S3«4e f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, S7?gc afloat.
Options were generally firm and higher all
day, reflecting a moderate scare among shorts,
the strength in corn, a liberal decrease in
world's stocks, better speculative demand and
more bullish sentiment among traders. The
close was strong at hie net advance. January
7T%<g?78Hc, closed 78Hc; March, 7S%(?S0 9-16o,
closed SO^c; May. 79V4@79T4c. closed 79T4c; De
cember, 76 15-16@77%c, closed 7794c.
HOPS-Steady. «
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull. •.- 'V.
COFFEE — Options closed firm, with quota
tions unchanged to 10 points higher. • Total
sales, 18,500 bags, including: December, 6.15®
6.20c; March, 6.4O@6.5Oc; May, 6.6O@6.65c; July.
6.65c; September, 6.65@6.75c. Spot coffee — Rio!
quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 7*ic. Mlid— Quiet; Cor
dova, 9%@13Hc
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining. 3 15-l«c:
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-16c; molasses sugar,
3 11- 16c; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 8221 packages; firm;
creamery, 17@25 1 ,4c; factory, 12@l£%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7495 packages; strong; West
em regular packing, at mark, 21@25c; Western
loss off, 19c
DRIED FRUITS.
Trading in evaporated apples waa chiefly con
fined to the choice and fancy varieties at the
old basis. State common, 4@6q; prime i\@
tiic; choice, BV4a$c; fancy. 6@6»4o.
Pr^nes^Vs&Verib. ° te^
APIUCOTS-Royal. 11014c; Moorpark, 15@l6c
PEACHES-Peeled, 16g20o; unpeeled. 6<&9c.
"Conditions have been generally favorable
for maturing oranpes in Southern California,
thoujrh in some sections the cocl. cloudy weath
er ha* retarded their development to some ex
tent. Large quantities cf oranges and olive*
are being gathered in all citrus fruit districts."
' 'Fivorable weather has prevailed In all sec
tions during the week. I_pht ehowers have
fallen in portion* cf the central and northern
eectlcn, end part of the week has been cloudy
or foggy, with lower temperatures and fre
quent light frosts In many places. There has
been sufficient sunuhlne. accompanied by fa
vorable winds, to dry out the soil to some ex
tent, enabling tarmers to continue the work
of plowing and seeding, except on the low
lands, which are Btill too wet ior cultivation.
li any serious damage was done to growing
crops or fruit treee by the recent storm, re
ports have not been received at thie office. '
On the contrary. In one cf the sections cf
£?uthern California where it was reported that
oranpe groves had been flooded and nearly
ruined, a correspondent now states that practi
c_.!iy no damage was done, and that this eea.
e.on'6 orange crop will be fully equal to last
season's. All parts of the State have been im
mensely beneuted by the heary rains of the
preceding two weeks, and agriculturists are
«eeming:y confident that the present season
wiil be the best for many y^ans. An lncrea*»ed
acreage of grain in all the grain-growing dis
tricts is one of the reeults of the favorable
conditions up to this date, and correspondents
state that the early sown grain is making re
1r.ark2.bJe growth and is of excellent color and
etrength. Grass has aJeo grown rapidly and
green feed is* abundant in all sections. Alfalfa
Is thrifty and will yield a heavy crop.
A. G. McAfiie. section director of the climate
end corp service of the Weather Bureau, makes
the following report lor the week ending Mon
__y:
Looa! Internal Revenue collections for No
vember were a* follows:
L'Ftf - *S.E_> 5«
B«?r 83.753 TO
Fruit Spirits .... ... *o,'49 22
¦ Grain Spirits _ 43.7S7 54
Expert S;amps .-.._, 5 60
Cigar* 1?._65 -S
Cigarettes 4,f 4S 04
SnuST 1 1 .... 1 1 1 "¦ 1* «1
T- : s..-:o 4.63$ _2
Efecial -....- B..CS Oft
PlayiEg CarCs 91 10
IJocumeataiy ............................. C8,?!S 07
Proprietary 12.214 74
Total I S^3.904 98
Government Money Here
JuMus Jacoba. Assistant Treasurer of tbe
' Vnited Stales at San Francisco, reports caeh
cn hand November 30 as fcllovis:
United States notes $".940 00
Treasury notes of 1880 4.?i i : 00
National Bai-.k notes 14.75S 00
Gold ctrrtlneates S18.4S0 00
Gcid certificate*, series of 1900 20,000 00
Kedeeasei cell certificates, series
19C0 ~ .^.^. »0.000ft0
Silver cmifleates 43.E17 00
Gold coin*. ~ r7.4Tfi.2r: 42
Ftar.<3ard silver dollar* 21.40Ti.22'.> 00
fcuusidicj-y E'i\-er csin 211'. SCO 05
Minor cola VX.VTi 71
Couriers 1.S00 CJ
I.'-'.:.- —"-"I 1ST 0
Total .J60.S23.7T* 43
. . .The shipments cf ellver during the month
. were as follows:
Standard silver dollar*. $107,000
Fr&cUonaJ ellver coin K2.4S0
Total „ _ J1S9.490
_______
Rcz'enue Collections.
Provslons were generally dull, - although at
times lard showed some activity on local buy-
Ing. Hog receipts, were liberal,- but prtoes were
CHICAGO, Dee. 4.— Wheat found a firm and
somewhat broader market save for a degree of
easiness at the opening on ¦ unresponsive Liver
pool cables. January opened Ha lower at 7OT4o
to 70%c. On buying by St. Louis Interests the
market steadied. A Rosario cable announcing
damage to the Argentine crop by hail also
figured in holding the market. Later the corn
strength, the belief that Bradstreet's world's
visible would show a decrease of 3.000.000 bush
els and the reported closing. of navigation on
the sea of* Azof caused a sharp demand
Shorts covered freely on the advance and Jan
uary rose to 71«4e. Against the price were lib
eral Northwestern receipts, a continuation of
the heavy Southwestern movement and the lack
of cash demand, but In spite of these facts the
market held strong and January closed «e un
at 71>ig71%c. p
December corn waa the feature Jn the corn
pit. Rumors of a probable squeeze similar tn
that worked by Phillips wai rife. Contrail
etocks here are only 1.SOO.O0O bushels and nearly
all of this, It is stated, has found an Eastern
market. I Receipts show about 1 per cent of
contract grade. Phillips was credited with tak
Ing In 600,000 bushels « December during the
day. There Is little old corn In the country
the leaders say, and the roads make it dlffl
cut to get that to market. Unfavorable weath
er and strength of foreign markets were fac
tors in the market. December sold -between
2L and , 3 . 7 ' 4C , and Close<i * c over 7«tertiTlt
86J4c May closed H^lc higher at S6?4c.
Oats ruled dull and only fairly steady In
view of the corn and wheat strength. May
closed unchanged at-23%e. «™»*«i. "* 7
disbursement of 2 per cent. The speculation
haE gone on right merrily on that basis. The
price was run up to 1S5U this morning when
the Intimation was disseminated that no ac
tion would be taken en the dividend to-day.
Consequently the announcement a little later
that the directors had met at the private resi
dence of thff president of the company and
declared a dividend of only 1\ per cent came j
like a bombshell upon the speculative con- j
tlngent. In their rush to save losses they
forced the price down by rapid 6to«jes, meet
ing no eupport except from profesnioniU shorts
on the way down. Tha stock touched 127^4 in
the last hour, which was 8 full points below
the highest and closed with a net loss of ('-,».
The violent slump In this stock had a depress
ing inCuence on the whole market, but the
movement elsewhere at no time approached
' demoralization. In fact there were points of
strength persisting here and there in the rail
road list, but they yielded their »alns in the
late reaction. The pressure to sell the rail
roads grew steadily during the latter part of
the d&y end a large number of them ehow
net losses of about a point. Chicago. Bur
lington and Quincy declined 1%. The general
weakness, while partly due to sympathy with
the violent decline in Sugar, was undoubtedly
based for the most part on anxiety as to the
ability of the money market to carry specu
lative accounts ea-feiy over the new year. There
¦was no evidence that liquidation was forced
to-iay, but a spirit of caution prevailed* and
Induced measures to avoid anything like forced
liquidation In view of the large advances in
prices which the market has enjoyed. Another
noticeable feature of the situation is the stead
iness of sterling exchange in spHe of the flrm
n«s of the local money market and the notably
ea* ier rates la London and Berlin. The for
, eign Belling of our securities, which was con
1 tinued to-day to the «>xt*nt of 25,000 chares,
is supposed to account for this. The opinion
Is expressed by borne foreign authorities that
this process has been carried so far as to leave
New Tork without future power to draw gold
from European sources. In this connection to-,
day's report of a further shipment from Aus
tralia to San Francisco of 11.500,000 in gold has
some Fipniflcance. , Incoming Bt^amers are
bringing large shipments of American secur
ities recently sold by foreign holders, and the
Increase In the supply of stock available for
lending s-rves to. facilitate bear operations in j
tbe market. \
The bond market shared In the reactionary
tendency of the stock market, but was varied
by r.ew points of strength. Total sales, par
value, $3.J>C3,000.
United Slates new 4s advanced % per cent.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
SaS; : B fe
17,700 Atchison prefd S2 7 4
2,400 Baltimore & Ohio TOVi,
Canadian Pacinc S5Vi
1,000 Canada Southern .ISt;
16.700 Chesapeake & Ohio 3:^
1,(00 Chicago Great Western 14H
6,600 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 135
S"« Chicairo, Ind & Louleville 23
KX> Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd.... 57
100. Chicago & Eastern Illinois 97^
Chicago & Northwestern 166
4.700 Chicago. Rock Island St Pacific 114%
1.400 C C C & St Louis 6«
Cm Colorado Southern 6«i
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42^
Colorado Southern 2<i prefd 17
200 Delaware & Hudson 115
Delaware. Lack & Western 181
200 Denver & Rio Grande 24«4
4.1f>0 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 7S?i
4.&O0 Erie 14T*
9,300 Brie 1st prefd 40%
200 Great Northern prefd 1S0H
Hooking Coal 15r«
300 Hocking Valley ¦. 3SU
6<« Illinois Central 123"> 4
200 Iowa Central 20
100 Iowa Central prefd 46
1U0 Lake Erie & Western 35^
Lake Dri« & Western prefd 107
Lake Shore 236',i
T.IOO Louisville &' Nashville 83
7,600 Manhattan Elevated 103
4,100 Metropolitan Street Railway 169
f» Mexican Central 13%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 64\»
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 89*4
12.700 Missouri Pacific E9
Mobile & Ohio 41H
200 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 12VL
2.100 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd... 37>4
700 New Jersey Central 14S
4.000 New York Central 141%
1,400 Norfolk & Western 41«i
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 81
17.GTK) Northern Pacific 70
1.900 Northern Pacinc prefd....- 81H
1,400 Ontario & Western 25
Oregon P.y & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
19."*/) Pennsylvania 142
2.200 Reading 19
16.800 Reading 1st prefd 62«i
12.600 Reading 2d prefd 31
Rio Grande Western 65
100 n.lo Grande Western prefd 93
4,200 St Louis & San Francisco 1S>4
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 76
. 1.400 Ft Louis & San Frr.n 2d prefd 45%
l,6f>0 St Louis, Southwestern 16
1,000 St Louis, Southwestern prefd S8?4
12,200 fit Paul 126%,
St Paul prefd 175H
1 St Paul & Omaha 120
81.200 Southern Pacific 41>4
18.8'JO Southern Railway , 17*4
9,600 Southern Railway prefd 66H
lo.COO Texas & Pacific 20^
24.fcO0 TTnlon Pacific 71
3,ir>0 TTnion Pacinc prefd 81
r«v Wabash V£
*,%n Wabash prefd 21%
400 Wheeling & L B 10^1
TOO Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 27Vt
100 "Wisconsin Central 10H
1.185 National Tube ." 60
3.SO0 National Tube prefd 103
200 Third Avenue 112>4
SOO Baltimore & Ohio nrefd So
Express companies —
, Adams 140
American 160
100 United states 4S'4
Wrlls-Fargo 132
Miscellaneous —
200 American Cotton Oil 30»4
American Cotton Oil Drefd 90
200 American Malting ;.".." 5
800 American Malting prefd 26
1 2.30G American Smelting & Refln 67V4
700 American Smelting & Renn prefd.. 95H
American Spirits 1%
American Spirits prefd 17
1,200 American Steel Hoop S7
CM American Steel Hoop prefd 75
21,100 American Steel & Wire 41%
200 American EteeJ & Wire Drefd 85
i.coo American Tin Plate 41%
100 American Tin Plate prefd 87^4
1,000 American Tobacco 106%
American Tobacco prefd ............130
SOO Anaconda Mining Co 4714
13,700 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7oi{
8.000 Colorado Fuel A Iron 49^
7.000 Continental Tobacco gs
SOO Continental Tobacco prefd 91U
12.200 Federal Steel 4S^
, 1,4*0 " Federal Steel prefd 75%
SOO General Klectric ; ififl
Glucose Sugar 52
Glucose Sugar prefd loo
1 1,000 International Paper 23
SCO International Paper prefd 7J
«00 Laclede Gas 70
200 National Biscuit J7
• National Biscuit prefd 91
¦ - National Lead 19
r SOO National Lead prefd 83
, 1,000 National Steel 35
, 200 National Steel nrefd »2U
100 New Tork Air BruKe m
I 8.M0 North American 19U
'¦ ..". Pacittc Coast 57
i 100 Paciflo Coart lrt prefd 86
: Pacific Coast 2d prefd ..."68
¦ 2.200 Paciflo Mali .......'„.... il
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s Y*i: No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 3d; No.
1 California. 6s 2V4d. Futures, quiet; Decem
ber. 5s HHd; March, 6s *&d.
CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 4s
lUd. Futures, quiet: December, 4s Id; Janu
ary, 3s 10V»d; March, 3s 9&d.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 4.— Wheat, steady: No. 1
standard California, 6s 2Hd@6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 19-32d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 4.— Consols. 97%; silver.
2J ll-16d; French rentes, lOlf 50c; cargoes on
passage, rather easier; cargoes No. 1 standard
California. 30s 3d; cargoes Walla Walla. 2Ss 9d;
English country markets, quiet, steady. '
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Dec. 4.— Wheat, dull and nominally
unchanged. Bluestem, 65Vio; club, 53%c. •-..--
PORTLAND, Bee 4.— Wheat, steady, at 64a
for Walla Wal!a and 67c for bluestem.
Cleared— Ship Maipo for Queenstown, with
97.429 bushels of wheat.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or, Dec. 4.— Clearings. $431,
641; balances, $74,825.
Portland's Bttsiness.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 4.— The Metal Exchange
calls their market quiet with plgiron warrants
at J9 E0@10 50. Lake copper, unchanged. $17.'
Tin, very dull, $27 S0<g2S, against $28 yesterday.
Lead nulet at $4 37% for. pig and spelter quiet
at U 30@4 35. The brokers' price for copper
was $17 and for lead $4 87^.
"CHICAGO, Dec. 4.-CATTLB-Rece!pts, 6000;
generally steady, including butchers* stock;
good to prime eteers, $5 434*6: poor to medium,
J4®5 35; selected feeders, S3 50@4 25: mixed
stockers, $2 25O3 70; cows, J2 60® 4 15: heifers,
*2 63(g4 65; canners. J2if 2 60; bulls, $2 6O3T4 IB;
calves, |3 60@5 60; Texas fed steers, J4©4 90;
grafters. $3 S0@4 15; bulls, J2 60@4 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 31,000; to-morrow, 40,000. es
timated; left over, 8000: opened stronger, closed
easier; top, *4 87V4; mixed and butchers, J4 50®
4 87H: good to choice heavy, $4 5o@4 85; rough
heavy, $4 40fi4 60; light, |4 60@4 874; bulk of
sales, $4 70@4 80.
SHEEP- Receipts, 1P.000; sheep and lambs
opened steady, closing slow; good to choice
wethers, J4@4 85; f alr\ to choice, $3 60®4 05;
Western sheep. J4@4 83: Texas sheep, $2 50@
3 60; native lambs, $4@S 60; Western lambs,
J4 7I@5 B0.
Chicago Livestock Market.
BOSTON, r>ec 4.— Business was quiet in the
wool market this week, the holiday making
quite a difference In the amount of sales. The
tone of the market Is steady, but the anxiety
felt regarding the recent failure of two wool
housee-on account of. a fear that tha wools
held by these dealers would be forced on the
market has been allayed by the fact that ths
wools are to be offered on the market the same
as before. Dealers are viewing the outlook
with expectation of a better market, but as
yet they can see but little prospect of imme
diate higher Drices.
Territory wools continue to head the list of
sales. Australian wools are quiet and sales
are made at full recent prices. Quotations:
Territory, scoured basis: Montana and Wy
oming—Fine medium and fine, 17@18c; scoured,
4S@49c; staple, 60@51c- Utah— Fine medium and
fine, l«@17c; scoured. 47®49c; staple, 50c. Idaho
—Fine medium and fine. 15@16c: scoured, 470
49c; staple. 60c. Australian, scoured basis-
Spot, combing superfine, nominal, 73Q>75c; good,
65@70c: average, 62(J67c
Boston Wool Market.
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 1,527,000 bushels. Afloat
for and in Europe, decrease, 3.000,000 bushels.
Total supply, decrease, 1,473,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of die
Rockies, Increase, 864,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada., east of the
Rockies, decrease, 635.000 bushels.
NEW TORK. Dec 4.— Special ©able and tele
graphic communications to Bradstreets show
the following changes In available supplies:
Available Grain, Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec, re*. Mar.
Opening ...._.. 6 11H ••¦• «%
Closing .....„..,¦¦ 5 llVi • -~ < %
PARIS.
Wheat— Deo. Mar.-June.
Opening ..^....^^.^^ 20 10 21 85
Closing ~. 20 10 21 80
Flour—
Opening 26 00 17 40
Closing 28 00 87 86
Foreign Futures,
On the Produce Exchange to-day the buttar
market was dull; creamery, 15324c; dairy, 13®
20c. Cheese, active. iMi.&UMo. Bggs, quiet!
fresh, 24o.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 2S.000 15.000
Wheat, bushels ....151,000 J09.000
Corn, bushels 806,000 881,000
Oats, bushels ....262.000 113,000
Rye. bushels 2.0C0 1,000
Barley, bushels 10,000 • 14,000
10 Market Street Railway .^.. ......... 73 00
10 Market Street Railway ...._.—.~- 71 73
10 Market Street Railway „ m.i n 824
10 Oceanic S S Co 50
200 Onomea Sugar Co ......¦¦.¦¦. »¦¦ J» 2»
50 Paauhau S P Co ...„_.....—. S3 29
15 Paauhau S P Co ,'.".»¦¦¦;¦.¦. S3 SO
200 8 F Uis A Electrics O..^.._~....... 43 73
100 S 7 Oaa & Electrlo Co, S 90 43 75
10 Spring Valley Water *3 50
Street—
10 First National Bank K0 00
rr<XO Los Angeles Railway U ...... -,....110 iV.i
Afternoon Be— too.
Board— -
7E Giant Powder Con ... .. .-*8 80
10 Giant Powder Con .....-.— ~.«..^ S3 Z'H
7$ Giant Powder Con w-~~~~~ U 25
29 liana Plantation Co ..../.....«....~. 7 124
10 Hawaiian Com'l A B "r" - 1 ¦¦ S3 23
25 Makawell S Co ~... 41 50
10 Market Street Railway ¦ 71 O
J30CO Oceanic S 9 bonds. .„.. ..- 111 00
10O Onomea Sa^ar Co ~n ~.iiTiiTin r T r\\i U 23
10 Paauhau S P Co .,, m , w ,,,, 23 60
133 3 F Gas ft Electrlo Co. — . 47 00
40 B F Gas ft Electric Co, • 9Q-.._._w. 47 09
S Spring Valloy Water „.._.._...... 93 SO
15 Spring Valley Water _^~...~..._ S3 62H
5 Spring Valley Water _..~~~..~. 93 V\%
25 Spring Valley Water .__.......... M 00
J3000 Spring Valley 6* „ 114 25
Street—
10 Giant Powder Con . S3 59
$1000 S F ft S J V bonds . 113 TS
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHA2COB.
Mornlns Beaaloiv
Board—
204 Cala-StandaM . ,., .... ft , tS
1000 Cala-Standard. T f ..j...« l\
1000 Cala-Standard ....n.x ~., m 85
650 Caribou 65
SOO Caribou -.... .l.~. 60
300 Four Oil Co .^ ~~- . 41
200 Occidental of W V*..^^...^......^ 7t>
209 Petroleum Center ¦¦¦... .............. 20
COO Petroleum Center ...^ .««.. 11
500 Reed Crude Oil Co 60
75 San Joaquln Oil ft Dev - S 25
1050 Shamrock Y . ¦ ¦—¦¦ 1 15
Street— - - r. <-,¦"¦
15 Oil City Petroleom , ~ U 23
Afternoon ff^itim.
Board—
1500 Cala-Standard , , , , 33
200 Caribou ...¦-¦¦—. 65
600 Hanford-Freaao-Kern River ...~ 23
2C0 Home Oil _......._. 4 45
25 Home Oil L 4 40
10 Oil City Petroleum ..__.._.._.... U SO
1000 Petroleum. Center ------- , , - , , , , , 21
250 Rex ™..-™.^....^..... S3
100 Shamrock .~..~..«.............. 1 15
40 Twenty-Elirnt ~....-^». 2 50
200 Twenty-eight, b W ~.^«.>.^.^^.. 2 53
Street—
10 Oil City Petroleum (4 75
CO Homeetake — 7." ' ,"'i .7 H rn il'..."_; 13 00
KO Lion Oil Co ..- .».....„. «. Jl
400 Caribou ----^->- ----,— ¦- - Pm ,'¦¦ ¦ ¦_ Bl
SOO Caribou 7-~----,j T1 , ,--,--,,,, r ;;.. , u
KXNXKO STOCKS.
FoOowin? were th« sale* ta to* Ban Trandsc*.
Btock and Exchange Board yesterday: ¦
Morning S«nrlon.
TOO Chollar _ 15! 40O Potesi ,I;.,»^ IJ
3M Con Cal ft Va..l 3) 100 Savao ...««.. l:
200 Crown Point..- 13 100 Union Coa. 2J
SOO Gould ft Curry. S3 SOO Yellow Jacket. 14
200 Mexican ........ IS 100 Yellow Jacket.. U
MO Ophlr __„.... 65
Afternoon Session.
*» Caledonia »—^ 4J 600 Opbir , - rr ...... n
SOO ChoJlar H 200 Overman —..... ©1
50 Con Cal ft Va.,1 25 700 Potosl ....^... 14
100 Gould ft Carry. Bt 200 8avjix» ......... U
J0O Mexican .t:..., 1» 200 Cnion Con, 2)
2C0 Occidental ...„ 06 SCO Yellow Jacket. U
Followlnr were th* sain ta thm PacSio Steel
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
250 Belohar 17 f 2C0 Gould A Carry. 51
SOO Belcher IS 200 Gould & Curry. Bl
300 Best ft Belcher. 23 SOO Ophlr ........ 64
300 Caledonia ...... 41 SOO Ophlr .,. L1 . ... 6a
600 Chollar 17 200 Potost ......... «
1000 Con Cal ft V...1 SO 200 Savage IJ
700 Con Cal ft V.I 27%! 400 Yellow Jacket.. U
Afternoon Session.
800 Belcher - IS 700 Ophlr ...... 61
BOO Belcher 19 600 Ophlr ...... 61
200 Best & Belcher. » 600 Ophlr .....»,..•.. «a
300 Con Cal ft -V.l I7H BOO Potosl _ «. S. 13
600 Con Cal ft V...1 25 200 Sava»« .. .. u
SOO Mexican _ 13 200 Union Con 24
300 Ophlr — ™ tS BOO Yellow Jacket., tt
CI-OSINQ QUOTATION*
TT7ETOAT. Z>wx 4—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha, 04 05 Jostle* ,mm..\, 03 04
Alta — -., C6 07 Kentuck ...~— W 0)
Andes ..~..~.. 04 0d Lady Wash...^ — «
Pelcher IS 19 Mexican «. 1» 3«
Best & Belcher. 19 >0 Occidental ..... 05 01
Bullion „,. 02 04 Ophlr .~i.\i..u. tt 7f
Caledonia .—. 41 43, Overman ....... 07 01
Chollar 15 19 Potoal .......... 14 .11
Challenge Con.. 24 20t. Savage ----.,... 09 11
Conndencs ..... 63 65 Scorpion - — 04
.Con Cal & Va..l 25 1 SOtSeg Beloher 03 08
Con Imperial.- — OlJSlerra Nevada.. 23 M
Con New York. U — ! Silver Hill 41 41
Eureka Con.... — 231 St Louia. ....... 10 —
Crown Point. ... 11 151 Standard JiO —
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate — II
Gould & Curry. U 53 Union Con...... 23 24
Hale & Norcrs. 19 21. Utah 06 01
Julia - — 0J1 Yellow Jacket.. 24 2J
Al Pack Assn. lJ4H134«il Pac A V A... «l —
Cal Fruit Asn.103 106 Pao C Bor Co. — 153
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 (Par Paint Co.. 12ft —
Oceanic 8 Co.. 103 — J
Morninff Session, /
Boapa — — ~
S Bank of California. .- AS 69
ZOO Hawaiian Com'l 4k Sugar — . 89 00
100 MakaweU S Co ¦.miii 41 B0
MIECELLAKEOUS 8TOCK3.
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
E<jult G L Co. 3\i 34; Sac E G1R Co — 40
Mutual El Co.. — 9*4' S F G & E 48% 47
O G L & H 4S% 5OU San Francisco. **» 4%
Pac Gas Imp. .48 49 I Stktn O±E Co — 14
Pac L Co — 44 I
INSURANCE STOCKa
Firem's Fund. 227^230 1
BANK STOCKS. »
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 70 75 1 First Xational.299 tO*
Bank of Cal. ..409 — Lon P &. A. ...1484 —
Cal 3 D & T. — lCS^ 1 Merchants' Ex II U
SAVINGS BANKS.
O« S 4k L-... — 1900 Eav & L Sow. — H
Hum 8 tt L... — — Sao 8av Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 80 — Union T Co.... — —
8 F Sav Un...52O —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....in 131 O 6 L <fc H... tS 454
Geary-st — *0 Presidio U U
Marks t-st .... T1U 71H
POWDEB STOCKS.
California — ISO Vlgorlt Pi Sft
Giant Con Co. KH SSij
BUOAR BTOCKSL
Sana B P Co. ni W Kll&uea. S Co.. *r% tt>*
Haw C A 8 Co 89 — MakaweU 8 Co 41'* 41%
Honokaa S Co. 31H — Onomea S Co. 29 —
Hutch 6 P Co. 25' j M Paauhan B Co. Rft S3
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet and steady; No. . 3 spring wheat. 67%'S 1
71c: No. 2 red, 72®74c; No. 2 corn. 37c; No. 2
yellow, 37c; No. 2 oats, 22%c; No. 2 white, 26®
26%c; No. S white, 24%326c; No, 2 rye. 50c;
fair to choice malting barley, 60@66c; No. 1
flaxseed. {167%: Not 1 Northwestern. II 70;
prime timothy seed. $4 10@4 SO; mefss pork, per
barrel, Jll@ll 12%; .lard, per 100 pounds, $7®
7 02%; short-rib sides (loose), $« 50®7; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). $5 87%@6 12%; short clear
sides (boxed). $6 53® 6 65; whisky, basis of higb
vines, $1 27; clover, contract grade, S10.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— Money on call steady
at 4@4% per cent; last loan. 4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4^4% per cent. Sterling ex
change unsteady, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at J4 85>4 for demand and at Jl 81%
for sixty days; posted rates. J4 S2H@4 86%;
commercial bills, $4 SCPi®4 81U- Silver cer
tificates. 64965c. Ear silver. 64}ic Mexican
dollars, 60V*c. Government bonds, strong;
State bonds, unsteady; railroad bonds. Irreg
ular.
i ..
Atchison, 4094; Canadian Pacific. 87%: Union
Pacinc preferred. 82%; Northern Paciflo pre
ferred, S3; Grand Trunk, 6V, Anaconda, 9 s i
Bar silver, steady. 29 H-I6d.
Money, 2 per cent.
New York Money Market.
London was dull throughout except for Eries,
In which an apparently concerted movement
was made, both here and In New York. London
was Inclined to sell the list, but New York
steadied prices, sending Erie firsts a dollar
above London prices.
Business In the markets here to-day was re
stricted and dull, speculators refraining from
dealing until Thursday's Afrikander meeting,
which, it is thought, may create some political
disquietude. Paris rumors of a settlement of
copper troubles were accompanied by a fall in
Tintos of 1H and in Spanish fours of % and
fairly large cash sales of consols which fell
3-16. The sales of Tintos were attributed to
President McKlnley's reference to trusts In his
message,, which, hitting the Amalgamated
Company wouta, it was thought, react on
Tintos, but the trouble is apparently local.
NEW YORK. Dec. 4.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Money— lUnion Pacific ..... 71
Call loans J@4 Union Land S
Time loans 4 #5 West End 9H
Stocks— jWestlngh Eleo .... 62>4
Atchison 38H| Bonds
do prefd S2Vi Atchison 4s 101%
Am Sugar m^ N E G & Coke 6s.. 67'
io prefd ....116 Mining shares-
Bell Telephone 157 Adventure 6%
goston & Albany.. 249>4 Allouez Mln Co... 2<4
JJoaton & Maine. ..195H Amalg Copper 94
C B & Q 1347* Atlantic ...„ 27
Dom coal 37?; Boston & Mont. ...325
do prefd 112 Butte & Boston.... 84
Fed Steal 48% Calumet & Hecla..8I5
do prefd 75% Centennial IS
Fitchburg prefd ..1SS Franklin 15
Gem Electrlo K5«£ Humboldt 25
do prefd 145 Osceola 73%
Ed Elec 111 218 Parrot 4iV*
Mex Cent 14 Quincy 174
Mich Telephone .. 85 Santa Fe Copper... 6%
N.E O * Coke 12 Tamarack 2S7
Old Colony 20. Utah Mining 34%
Old Dominion .... 28 Winona 3U
Hubber 28% Wolverines 45%
MINING STOCKa
Brunswick OftlOntarlo « ©0
Chollar lSOphlr $5
Crown Point.. 10 Plymouth 08
Con Cal & Va 1 80 Quicksilver 1 25
Dtadwood tsi Do prefd 7 00
Gould & Curry 50! Sierra Nevada 25
Hale & Norcross.. 15 Standard 2 to
Homestake 65 00 Union Con 20
Iron Silver 80 Yellow Jacket. 20
Mexican „. 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
V- f 2 , s ref ree iw: >i 5f* Y Cent 1st*..... 110
Ji f r" ref coup...lC5l, N J Cent gen fis.. .127^4
& I I* "* 119 N Pacific 3s........ 70%
U S 2s coup 11* N Pacific 4s.. 105
U S new 4s reg....l38% N Y C & St L 4S.107H
H I n , ew 4s coup..l3S% N & W con 4s 99%
US old 4s reg 115 Or Nav lsts Ill
U 8 old 4s ooux>...U< Or JCav 4s 102%
}i 3 6s reg.... iis«4 Or Short Line e*..l27%
\l S 6s coup 1132 Or S Line con 55.116?
Ds l, of Cbl 8 -« 3 »-l«% Reading G«n 4s... 8lU
Atchlson gen 4s... 102^4 ROW lsto-......100H
Atchison adj 4s.... 89 St L & I M con 6s. 113^
Canada So 2ds 108V4 Bt X. & 8 F gen 6s.l28%
Ches Sz Ohio 4*4.s..lO3 Bt Paul consols... 74
??% $r£ hi0 %—Wl gt P 0 & P lsts...ll9T4
C A NW con 7s.. .139 gt P C & P 5s. ...121%
C & NWSFdeb 8s.U9% So Paclflo 4».V..."m
Chgo Terminal 4s. 93% 60 Railway 6s... 112tf
Colo Southern 4a.. 84 Stand R & T 6«... 70
D Sz. R G 4s 101 Tex & Pao lsts 113*4
grf« Q* 11 *™} **¦- 75»4 Tex & Pac 2ds....! VT
T W & D C lsts.. 75V4 Union Paciflo 4s.. ..XW
Gen Electrlo 5e....l39 . Wabash lsts 116%
Iowa Central lsts.114 Wabash 2ds 105
L & N Unl 4s 100»4 West Shore ia 114%
M K & TM». 7«5 WU Cent lsts geU
M K & T 4s 94% Va Centuriee 82
CLOSING BONDS.
1L800 People's Gas 98%
100 Pressed Steel Car 49%
Prcssad Steel Car Drefd 83
2.100 Pullman Palace Car 201
;;r-^ Standard Rope & Twin* 6>i
12C., 00 Sugar . 127%
••:••• Sugar prefd !l.'.!'.!'.!!'.!ll6%
12,200 Tennense Coal & Iron 67%
7.600 Unitet'. States Leather 12?
1.2C0 United States Leather prefd 74%
4,200 United States Rubber 29
700 United States Rubber prefd 85
....... \\estern Union S3
2.000 Remiblic Iron & Steol .. is«
¦ 1.600 Republic Iron & Steel prefd .-. 65
•;•-" P C C i St Louis 66
135,000 Amalgamated Copper 94
444,600 Shares sold.
Silz>cr and Exclutnge as previously quoted.
Wheat advanced a fraction. Freights quiet.
Barley in moderate supply and firm.
Oats firm and in demand. Corn and Rye dull.
Flour easy at the recent decline.
Flaxseed advanced. Beans quieter, but no zveaker.
Hay firmer, with some sales at an advance.
Bran, Middlings and Rolled Barley firm.
Potatoes easy, Onions steady and Vegetables quiet.
Eiglit cars of Eastern Poultry in tluis far this week.
Game weak and low under continued heavy arrivals.
Butter and Eggs in light supply and firm. Cheese ditto.
Cranberries higher tlion for years. Citrus fruits quiet.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins and Honey neglected.
Provisions steady, with an advancing tendency in Bacon.
Hide dealers have their periodical disagreement as to prices.
Wool dull and disappointing. Hops quiet, but firm.
Mutton, Veal and Lamb higher agaitu
Beef and Pork in moderate supply and firm.
Quicksilver lower.
Active trading on the Bond and Oil exclumges.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
January 6 77% 6 80 6 77*4 6 80
May .'...... 6 85 . 6 87V4 6 85 6 87V4
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 6 17% 6 22% 6 17% 6 20
May 6 27% 6 SO 6 27% 6 27%
¦¦ Articles— ¦ Open. ". High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. t— -"¦ - ¦
December .......... 71H ' 70% 71%
January 70% 70% 70% ' 70%
May 78% 74% 71% 74%
Corn No. I—
December ..;.._. .. : te% 87% 8« ~ 86%
January. 35% 35 % 35% ; 85%
May 88% 88%' 86%, 86%
Oats No. %-
December.. 21W 21H 21% 21H
May 23% 23% 23% 23T»
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January.... 11 87H 13 02% 11 87% 12 02%
May .........11 S5 11 97H U 85 11 97ft
Lard, per 100 pounds-
December « 97% .7 10 6 97% 7 10
sustained early; by * the demand for lard - and
later ; by * the . grain , Btrength. The close . was
firm/ January pork closed 16c over yesterday,
lard 5@7»fcc higher, and ribs 2Hc up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
"WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks..... 2,803 Bran, sks ....... . 1,40*
Wheat, ctls ..... 6 Flaxseed. ska _. 1.135
Flour, qr sks 946 Powder car ...^. 1
Wheat, ctls 6,930 Tallow, ctls ...~. J63
Barley. ctl« 2,800 Leather, rolls .... 81
Onions, ctls 743 Raisins bxa 750
Bran, sks -. 665 Quicksilver, fislcs 28S
Middlings, sks ... 1.060 Wine, gals .. 60,500
Beans, sks 2.815 Wool, bales „... 33
Rye, ctls ........ 410 Eggs, doz t.KO
Hay. tons ........ 879 Butter, ctls ...... K8
Hops, bales _._. 84 Cheese, ctls ..... 62
Straw, tons ...... IT Hides, no ........ f23
Potatoes, sks .... 8.158 Pelts, bdls ...._ SOO
Oats, eks 1.820
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER 4.
Receipts of Produce,
LUMBER— Retail prices are as followsi Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16@17;- extra sizes, higher: Red
wood, $17® 13 for No. 1 and $15® 18 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet. $3 5O@4; Pickets. J1S; Shingles.
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for spilt and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $20g:s.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. VA/9
7Ko per lb; White Lead, 7®7%c according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— Lower, at $47 601^48 BO per
flask for local use and $45 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered, 5.75c: Candy Gran
ulated. 6.75c; Dry Granulated, 6.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Magnolia A. 5.25c; Extra C.
6.15c; Golden C, 5.05o; barrels, lOo more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50o more: 60-lb bags,
10c . more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels. 6.40c: boxes. 6.65c per lb.
COAL OIL, GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil. In balk. 12o: Pearl OIL
cases, ISc; Astral, 18c: Star, I80; Extra Star,
22c; Elaine, 23c; Eocene, 20c: Deodorized Btov«
Gasoline, In bulk, 14'ic; cases, 20 Vic, Benzine,
bulk, 13^0; cases, 13^c; 84-degre» Gasoline,
bulk. 20c; cases. 26o per gallon.
TURPENTINE— 660 per gallon In case* and
60c In drums or Iron barrels.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 18®33c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium. 26®30c; Sole Leather, light.
2«g2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy, 27®23o; Rough
Leather, light. 25@26o; Harness Leather, heavy,
32ft3$c: Harness Leather, medium, 20-g37c; Har
ness Leather, light. 29®85c: Collar Leather, 15
©I60 per foot; KJp. finished, 40©50c per lb:
Veal, finished. 50®55c; Calf, finished 76c®U S>;
Sides, finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14®16c; Rough Splits, 8@10o p«r lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $26@2S per ton; Stick.
$18920 per cord.
OILS — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
76c; pure. $1 80; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled.
74o ; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 69o per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil,
extra, winter strained, barrels, 70c; cases. 75c;
China Nut. 60@70o per gallon: pure Neatsfoot
Oil. barrels. 66c; eases, 70c: 6perm. pure, 65C;
Whale Oil natural white. S7H®42Ho per gal
lon: Fish Oil, barrels, S3o: cases, 40a
CORDAGB — Th« local cordage oompanr
quotes as follows: Ptire Manila, 12Ho per lb;
Blsal sizes and bale' rope. 9c; Dud1«. 80.
Terms, 60 days or W% per cent cash dtscoont
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. So:
cases, 3Ho: cases, extra large. 4c; cases. Imi
tation Eastern. 60: Boneless. 4%c; Norway,
Strips, 4Hc; Narrow Gauge, 4%c: Silver King.
6c; Blocks Oriental, 4*»c; Beabrirht, 5c: Tab
lets. 6c; Middles, Golden State, 6H0: Middles.
White Seal, 7c; 5-lb boxes fancy Boneless, 8V4o;
Desiccated. p«r dozen. 75o: Pickled Cod, barrels.
each. $« 60; Pickled Cod. half-barrela. each
$3 76.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 18H®14Ho for prime
washed; 12©lSo for good washed: lSSUo for
good to prime washed peaberry; 12®13o for good
to prime peaberry; ll%@13o for good to prime;
10»,4®llo for good current mixed with black
beans; 3H@Ho for fair; 7®9o for common to
ordinary.
Salvador— ll@13o " tat • good to prfm« washed;
10€lOHo for fair washed: 12®13o for good to
prime washed peaberry; 10«4®UUo for good to
prime semi-washed; 10«i@llo for superior
unwashed; 10%c for good green «n washed; 11
®UHo for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
7S!%o for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 13@16o for prime to fancy washed:
10@12Vio for fair to strictly good washed; 10
610»io nominal for good to superior unwashed:
11@11V4<J nominal for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13*4@16tto for prime
to fancy washed; 12913c for strictly good
washed; ll@ll%c for good washed; »-Ji©10%o
for fair washed; 91T3HO for medium: 6> 4 SS-Vo
for Inferior to ordinary; 12®13Ho for good to
prims washed peaberry; ll®ll»4o nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry; WVi^llo
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
CANNED FRUIT— Extras In ES-Ib tin* aw
quoted as follows: Apricots. $1 60; Cherries. $3
for black and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes. $1 35;
Peaches. $1 65@1 75; Pears, $1 85; Plums, $1 85®
1 40: Quinces, $1 65; Strawberries, $1 75.
COAL-Welllngton, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington; $9: Seattle, $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay. $3 60; Wallsend. $9: Co-operative WaU
send. $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Cant
nel. $12 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$18 In sacks; Rooky Mountain descriptions. $8 43
per 2000 lbs and $S SO per ton, according to
brand.
BAG 3— San Qnentln Bags, $5 «: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July. 6Hc: Wool Bags.
28H©32%c; Fleece Twine. THc; Fruit Bags.
6%@6?io for white and R4©S%c for bleached
Jute.
General Merchandise.
LAMB— 9®10o per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5«4o tor small and 5%o for
medium and 5Vi®3fto for larg»; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6®6Uc: dressed Hogs, 7U®SV4c
The supply of Hogs Is sufficient for the needs
of the packers and. butchers, and prices stand
the same.
Be«f, Mutton and Veal continue In modemt*
•apply and firm at still higher price*.
B&EF>-7(§8c for steers and «36%o per U> for
Cbws, '
VEAL- Large. 8C»o: small. »«10o per Xb.
MUTTON— Wetherm, 8©9c; Ewes. t©8Ho per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hopa continue well held, but quiet
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lo under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10c; medium. 9c: light. 8»4c: Cow
hides. 9c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags.
6%c; Salted Kip, 9£c; Salted Veal. 9V4C Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; culls. 14c; Dry Kip,
16c; Dry Calf, ' 15@17c; culls and brands.
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c each; snort
Wool. 30@50c each: medium. 60@S5e; long \\00I.
75c©U each; Horse Hides, salt. J2 50 for large
and $2 for medium, $1 50 for small and 5Cc for
colts; Horse Hides, dry. $175 for large. $1 &0
for medium. $1 25 for small and 23@50c for colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 33c; fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter of thin skins. l.W
20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras, "3c; large and
smooth, 6O0; medium. 35a
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c per lb: No.
8. SVic; grease. 2@2»*c.
WOOL— Spring Clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@18c: Northern, defective, 1*
&14c; Middle County, free. 14®lSc: Middle
County, defective, 12014c; Southern Mountain
12 months', 9010c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', ll(?12o: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9@Uc: Humboldt and Mendocino,
16917c; Nevada. 13816c per lb.
Fall CSlD— San Joaquln. •ttS'Sc: do lambsB, 8
©»o; Middle County, 9®10c; Northern Mountain,
fr««. lOOllc; Southern Mountain. 7H«8Hc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 121713c per lb.
HOPS— 12£16c per lb.
. The periodical disagreement among local
dealers as to Hide quotations i» now on. and
ther» Is a difference of H©lo per lb In the
prices of the leading descriptions. Some deal
eTs quote a weak and others a firm market.
The quotations below represent a fair average.
Wool continues extremely dull, and recent
hopes of a better market have not thus rar
been realized.
pound and t%o for pare; half-barrels^ pure;
8Hc: 1Mb tins. 10c; 6-lb tins, lOHc
COTTOLENE— One-half barrels. 8*c; three
half -barrels. Siic; one tierce, Sttc; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, VAo per lb.
Hides, Tallow, .Wool and Hops.
Some dealers have advanced their . prices on
Bacon' %c, which- explains the Increased range
in quotations.'. Otherwise, there. Is nothing new,
the market . being quiet ¦ and featureless.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll®HHo. per lb for
heavy, llH@llc . for light medium, , 12H@13c for
light, 13%@14o for. extra light | and 15@15»4c for
sugar-cured ; Eastern sugar-cured • Hams, ll%c ;
Mess - Beef. $12 £0 per barrel ; - extra = Mess, $13 ;
Family. $14; • extra Prime , Pork, $18; ' extra
clear. $19 60; Mess, $17; Smoked \ Beef, 13c per
pound. - " . «
• LARD— Tierces-quoted at 6»io perib for com-
Provisions.
Everything under this head— FtuKs. Nuts,
Raisins and Honey— are utterly neglected, and
dealers expect no revival In the demand until
January at least.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizea. «o{
40-BOs. 7c; 60-60S, BUc; «0-70s, J»4c; 70-80s,- J140;
8O-9Oe'. !%c, 90-lOOs, 2%c; 100s and over, Ic; ru
bles. He premium: Sonomas, He and San Joa
qulne, %c lees than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6<3
8c for Royals and 10^10'ic , for Moorpark3;
Evaporated Apples, 5@6c; sun-dried, 3H@4Ho;
Peaches, 4@5c for standard, E@6c for choice
and 6H@7c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums.
pitted Sg'S'/ic; unpltted, l@lHc; Nectarines, 6@
5V4o for red and 5H@<>c for white.
RAIBINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 190O:« Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12o
per lb; choice, -lie; standard. ¦ 8%c; prime. 8c:
unbleached Thompson's, 8c per lb. Sultanas -
Fancy 10%c per lb; choice, 94c; standard. 8%o;
prime, 8c'; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6V£e; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown $150 per box; 3-crown, $160; Fancj
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. .0. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@7c per lb for California
and 12c for Italian: Walnuts. No. ¦ 1 soft
shell, lie; No. 2, 8c: No. 1 hardshell, 10c; No. 2,
7%c; Almonds, 13(3i3c for. papershell. 9®Uo for
softshell; Peanuts, 5(g*o for Eastern;: Brazil
Nuts, 18c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoa
nuts. $3 5005. . :r«M)>>rfi*gmr'*>i* | l»<"^'ipiilfiri | ,iiii"^
HONEY— Comb, 13V4(3)14He for bright and 12V4
©13c for light amber: water white, extracted,
7»4f 8c; light amber, extracted; 6%@7o; dark,
8@^c per lb. ¦ I
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Grapes were very dull, as nobody wants them
this cold weather. -
Cranberries have again advanced and ara
higher than for years. ¦
Oranges, Lemons and Limes stand about the
same and are quiet, with ample stocks.
Persimmons are too plentiful and are drag
ging.
There is no change In Apples and Pears, sup
plies of both being free.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
APPLES— 30@«0c per box for common and
65c®$l for good to choice; Spltzenber/js, 75c@
$1 25; Oregon Spltienbergs, $1@1 25.
PEARS— 75c«$l 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys, $10@ll; Cape Cod,
$1SQ13 50 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 E0©3 75 per
STRAWBERRIES— $9<£T10 for small and $5®*
per chest for large berries.
RA8PBERRIES-$5@6 per chest. ;. ii:>,
GRAPES— 25@«Oc per box and crate.
BLACKBERRIES-$9@10 per chest. -
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 25©3 BO;
Seedlings, $101 75; Tangerines, $1 2501 50; Jap
arese- Mandarins. $1 65@2; Lemons. 2oc©$l 2»
for common and $1 50® 2 75 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit. $1 5032 60; Mexican Limes. $4®
4 E0: California Limes. 25@S3c ;J3anana«v $i 25
QS 60 per. bunch; Pineapples. $2@« 60 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There was a better assortment of Berries on
Deciduous and Citrus Fruih.
EGGS— Store. 27&@32*4o; Ranch, 85®$8o for
fair and 3"H'3"4lc per dozen for good to choice;
Eustern. 22&®30c.
Storage goods— 21g£2a.
CHEESE — New, 12<8>lS%o; Old. IlOtlHe:
Young America, 12%S13o: Eastern, 13»i314c;
Western, 12@13c per lb.
Firkin— 18@19a
Supplies 'of Batter are lighter than for some
time. In fact there Is hardly any creamery
here and the market Is very firm In conse
quence. Cheese Is also scarce and quotations
are a fraction higher.
Eggs are steady at the recent advance,
though the feeling Is hardly as stiff as It has
been, as the high prices check the demand.
Supplies are light.
BtJTTER-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25<826cj seconds,
24c.
Dairy— Fancy. 23®23*4«; good to choice, 209
22c; common, 17W<ffl9c.
Creamery tub— 20@22&o per lb. ¦ • #•
Pickled roll-19@21c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Thus far this week eight cars of Eastern
Poultry have been received, and the condition
of the market under this flood may easily be
Imagined. No reasonable offer Is refused.
Everything is in heavy supply except dressed
Turkeys, which are scarce, though the demand
for them Is poor at the moment. -
Arrivals of Game continue too heavy, those
yesterday being about 135 sks, exclusive of a
lot of Canvasback from Oregon, which will be
put on the market to-day. Prices continue low
and weak.
POULTRY— lave Turkeys, 8®10o for Gob
blers and lOffllo for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
12@14c; Geese, per pair, $1 75®2; Goslings, $1 75
62; Ducks, $3@3 50 for old and $4 #3 for young;
Hens, $334 60: Young Roosters, $4@4 25; Old
Roosters, $3 25 1? 3 50; Fryers, $3 6O@ 4: Broilers,
$36 3 50 for large and $2 60<cT3 for small; Pigeons,
51 per dozen for old and $1 "5@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25 for Valley and for
Mountain: Mallard, $2#3: Canvasback. $S®4 50;
Sprig, $1 50@2; Teal. *1©-1 50; Widgeon, 75c®
$1 25; Small Duck, 75c@$l: Gray Geese. J3;
White Geese. $1@1 60; Brant, 11 60 for small
and" $1 5OtJ2 for large; Honkers, 14@4 50; Eng
lish Snipe, $1 50; Jack Snipe, $101 25; Hare, $1;
Rabbits, $1 25 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush;
Doves, 60c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
There is little chance to report. The advance
In Salinas Burbanks Is not maintained; other
wise there Is no changa . la Potatoes. Onions
are firm, aa will bo seen. Vegetables are about
as before quoted.
Mushrooms are selling: at Sfiloo per lb.
POTATOES— River Reds, <5®S6c; Burbanks,
85@-50c for River and 80c®Sl IE per ctl for Sa
linas and 65c@$l 10 for Oregon: Sweets. 85®50o
for River and 75<3S3o for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 35@1 50 per ctl; cut. $1 per sack;
Oregons, $1 75 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 80 per lb: String
Beans 10c; Limaa. 2@5c; Cabbage, 90o; Toma
toes, Tocg-51 for Los Angeles and 25c@?l for
Bay; Egg Plant, Los Angeles, CSSc per lb;
Green Peppers, So^SOc per box; Dried Peppers,
9'ullc: Carrots, 25@35c per box; Cucumbers, 75o;
Summer Squash, 75c; Garlic, 4g5o per lb; Mar
rowfat Bquaeh, S10Q12 per ton.
The demand for Beans has fallen off again,
though holders r*ix>rt no decline. Arrival et
1153 sks Flaxsaed from Washington. Flaxseed
is higher.
- BEANS— Bayos, V «5@3 78; Bmall White, $40
4 20; Largo White, $S#3 20; Pink, $2f 2 15; Red,
$S@3 25; Blackeye, $3; Llmas, $5 25; Pea,
*4®4 25; Red Kidney. S3 75^4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax, $2 B0®2 75; . Canary,
3Hc per lb for California and io for eastern;
Alfalfa, 7H®9%o; Rape. 2H@3o; Hemp, 4@4&c;
Timothy, 4@4Hc
DRIED PEAS— Kiles, 12^2 SO; Green. S3 25®
1.78 per ctl: Blackeye, S232 SO.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans' and Seeds,
Straw is quoted higher. Hay is firm and sev
eral cars of choice Wheat sold at $14, though
this figure U not yet - quotable. Bran Is re
ported firm at unchanged prices.
BRAN— *14@15 50 par ton. "
MIDDLINGS— $16 5O@19 60 per ton.
FEBDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, H6®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2592$; jobbing.
$26 60; Cocoanut Cak*. *17@18; Corn Meal. $26®
27; Cracked Corn. $28 60®27 60; Mixed Feed, $1*
©16 B0. - i - •
BAY — Volunteer, $6@8: Wheat. - SUOU B0i
Wheat and Oat $10@13 60: Oat $8011 Wj
Clover, $3®7; Alfalfa, $8f 9 60; Barley, |7Qi
per ton. ¦-...'
STRAW— 40®47%o per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The demand for Flour hi quiet at the lower
prices.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 359
8 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15*33 25;
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers 1 ; Washington, bakers',
$2 7503. -. '
MILLSTUFFSi-Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham'
Flour, S3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75;' Rye
Meal, |2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Ont Groats, |4 50; Horn*
lny. $3-60@3 75;" Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 23;
Cracked Wheat, $5 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, £3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), J6@
7 25; In sacks, - $5 75@7 ; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $3; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
cleaned up this description. White and Black
are In brisk request, both for seed and feed.
The market Is as firm as ever.
White. $1 80@l 50; Surprise, nominal; Red.
$1200180 for feed, and $1 35©1 40 tor seed;
Gray, ¦. nominal; Black. lor feed. $1 12H@1 20;
for seed, $1 20@l 80 per ctl.
CORN— Continues quiet and unchanged, the
feeling: being rather weak than otherwise. Cal
ifornia Yellow, $1 13®1 20; . California White,
$1 20; Eastern Yellow. $1 16®1 20; White. $1 20;
Eastern mixed, %l 15@1 20 per ctl.
RYE— Continues dull and freely offered at
85@90c per ctL ¦,¦¦.• '
$UCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75@2 per etL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, "WEDNESDAY, ':. .-DECEMBER 5, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
New York'Stock Market.
'-" KETW TORK. Dec. 4.— A favorite paradox In
'Vail 6treet ia that a surprise is always ex
pected in Sugar. In the imrrolt of their pro
fessional avocation ppeculators are always try-
Ing to discount what they expert, and the cpn
f^a'-nrc Is thai la Sugar they are Invariably
;rarprts«d and disappointed. To-day was no
•exception. Action on the quarterly dividend
»ie« been looked for at any time for several
.days P-st and the "news" as to what the
dividend would be has varied all the way Irom
en increase in the regular rate from 1%. to 2
per cent up to th» regular 1?4 *_._ an extra
10
The Weather and Crops.
New York Grain and Produce.
EASTERN MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LSt
I _-nu» I
Last
ST
ou:
trsj Bf-atcn. I •
Season.
¦ad
I
luff...
lento
rancli
ce
I
"
l_
14. S3
«.»
«.7O
D.BO
4. PS
2.14
?.ce
€.79
1.7»
10.86
«.»2
7.10
7.71
S-.*2
1.22
E.56
2.50
LSt
I _-nu» I
Last
ST
ou:
trsj Bf-atcn. I •
Season.
¦ad
I
luff...
lento
rancli
ce
I
"
l_
14. S3
«.»
«.7O
D.BO
4. PS
2.14
?.ce
€.79
1.7»
10.86
«.»2
7.10
7.71
S-.*2
1.22
E.56
2.50
AUCTION SALES
fe AUCTION. fc*
TWELFTH IND HABRISOM STREETS.
switzer's Torse market,
FRIDAY .' ......DEC. TTH
At 11 a. m.
SEVENTT GOOD, SOUND, TOUNO
HORSES,. the property of Jay Harrison of Laa-
sen County, Cal., consisting of good broka
work, driving and saddle* horses. Three fine
road horse*, one a single-footer, one- pacer;
soire good draft horses. Don"t miss this sale.
No limit.
EMIL COHN, AUCTIONEER,
WILL SEXi. TO- DAT at 11 o'clock a. m..
Golden Gate ave., near Lajruna st.. the nearly
new mahogany Gabler & Sons piano* and ma-
hogany and oak furniture and handsome car-
pets and china ware and silverware.
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.SUPERINTENDENT GUSTAFSON OF THE OAKLAND AND HAY
WARDS ELECTRIC ROAD BOLDLY HUNTS A BURGLAR IN THE
DARK, CAPTURES HIM AND SAVES HIS SILVERWARE.
Hansted Faces Witnesses.
Fred Hansted. better known as "Young
Dutchy,"-- faced the witnesses in Judge
Dunne's court yesterday upon whose tes
timony the people expect to secure the
SAYS COMPLAINANT DOES
NOT STATE THE FACTS
Southern Pacific Files Its Opening
Brief in Los Angeles Traffic
Case.
The Southern Pacific Company yester
day filed its opening brief in the case of 1
the Lob Angeles Traffic Association
against the road for alleged discrimina
tion in freight rates, and the hearing will
be held before the State Railroad Com
missioners next Monday and Tuesday.
The company in asking that it -be sus
tained sets forth that the complaint lg
nores-'every topographical and other nat
ural advantage possessed by San Fdmi
cisco and demands that mere length of
haul shall be taken aa the sole criterion
of establishing rates from Los Angelea
and San Francisco to common points In
the San Joaquin Valley, Irrespective of
the cost of service performed or any cir
cumstance or condition rendering the
rates now established Just and reasonable.
LIPTON PREPARING
A BIG SITKPRISE
Keeps Secret the Place on the Clyde
Where the New Yacht Will
Be Built. : iJ
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— A Journal special
from London says: Sir Thomas Lipton is
preparing a big surprise in the building of
the Shamrock II. She wllj not be con
structed on the Clyde, but at another per
cret place, just as the first Shamrock was
Eecrctly^ built by Thomycrofts after the
announcement that Harland & Wolff of
BeKast would be the builders. Material?
are being gathered at Henderson's yard,
Glasgow, but it is improbable thdt they
are the builders, ns the water front at
Henderson's will not permit the launch
ins: of- vessels exceeding- seventeen feet
draugrfl, while the new Shamrock will
draw more than twenty feet.
Dobbs Defeats "Wall.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Dec. 4.— Bobby
Dobbs, the colored lightweight champion
fighter, sustained hia reputation to-night
by easily defeating Ed Wall, the South •
era lightweight champion. In the arena
of the Phoenix Athletic Club ' before a
crowd of about 4000. Dobb?, who has Just
returned from England, was a strong fa
vorite. The tight was Rive and take for
three rounds, when Dobbs' science and
cleverness began to show and after the
beginning of the fourth round he had
things his own way. . When the * gong
tapped for the pixth round. Wall's seconds
threw up the sponge, claiming their man
Was unable to proceed with the tight, two
ribs having been broken in the preceding
round- 1S&&?~
FISTIC CARNIVAL TO BE
HKLD IN CINCINNATI
NEW YORK, Dec. 4/-Preparations for
a fistic carnival to be held in. Cincinnati
in February are under was-S Preliminary
steps in the matter were taken to-day,
when James J. Corbett, acting for the
Cincinnati promoters, signed "Tommy"
Ryan of Syracuse to box "Jack" Root of
Chicago twenty rounds for a percentage
of the gate receipts. The men will fight
p.t 158 pounds, weighing in on February
15, the date of the battle.
Corbett. who has been appointed to
manage the carnival, will also endeavor
to arrange a contest between "Ben" Jor
dan, featherweight champion of England,
and "Teddy" McGovern. Jordan and Mc-
Govern will be offered a purse or a pen
centagre of the gross receipts.
McGovern wired from Milwaukee last
night that he would agree to fight Jordan
in Cincinnati, provided the financial in
ducements were sufficiently attractive.
Corbett cabled the club's offer to Jordan
end McGovern'B willingness to meet him
Corbett will try also to arrange a bout
v.lth Jeffries, to take place at the carni
val. He say« he will allow Jeffries to dic
tate the terms of the battle. Failing to
arrange this bout Corbett will offer a
purse for a twenty-round even! between
the winner of the Maher-Ruhlln bout and
Jeffries.
Southern California League.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 4.— Arrangements
have been completed for the . opening of
the wintor season of the Southern Cali
fornia Baseball League at Washington
Gardens next Sunday. December 9. The
league is composed of two Los Angeles
clubs, a club from San Diego and 'a club
from. San Bernardino.- It is the intention
to strengthen the several ninc» as the sea
son proceeds and negotiations are now
under way by the Son Bernardino club to
sign several players of the Northern Cali
fornia League.
Fine New Bathhouse.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 4.— Ground
was broken to-day on 'thd 'bathhouse site
at Plaza del Mar. The plans call • for a
modern building, equipped wlt£ a plunge
and all other accouterments. Work is to
be rushed, so that a $30,000 building will
be finished by June . 1, 1901. :¦ The main
building will have a main entrance on the
seaward Bide by a broad veranda with
a balcony above. .The building is to, front
220 feet on the plaza. A large band stand
ori the second floor will overlook the plaza
and ¦ boulevard. A" steam plant has been
ordered, but owlpg to other advance.or
ders It cannot bo placed before late next
summer.
COLOMBIA'S COFFEE CROP
v TO 3E RECORD BREAKER
Shipments of the Product Already
Begun, and Freight War
Results.
•- .PANAMA. Colombia, Dec. 4. — This
gear's coffee crop i? expected to aggre
piAn about &0.000 quintals, being the heav
iest crop recorded in this country's his
tory'- Shirimcnts have already begun,
starting lively competition between four
Aesmirap companies running on the coast
to obtain the coffee freight, most of which
. v. ill paps over the Panama Railroad.
nxchar.ee is ruling now at 400 per cent
1-rrrnium for American gold or about five
to' one.
. An epidemic of suicide has broken out
in this city. Three have occurred this
week a student of the polytechnic school.
I he proprietor of Hotel Germanla and
Jonas Kestler. treasurer of the American
CJub, having ended their lives.
Flanine-Kills' Strike Ended.
VANCOUVER, Dec. 4.— The strike of 400
rr.cn at the Royal City planing-mills was
• tattled to-day through the intervention of
.FVderal Labor Commissioner Brenner.
The mill management promised to defer
•the cut in wag"F, which caused the strike,
for four months, and the strikers there
' upon returned to work.
NKW YORK. Dec. 4.— A special to the
Journal from London says: The invasion
of England by American capital is caus
ing an awakening in financial circles. So
long as the Americans came to England
with good things to sell and sought Brit
ish capital for American Investments lit
tle notice was taken, Dut the latest de
velopment of Americans finding good
things in England, putting their own
money into them and not letting English
men share in the profits, puts another
face of the situation. -
This, combined with the invasion of
American goods and the capture of many
valuable contracts, has roused many
financial men to the necessity of doing
something to protect home investments.
The anti-American business campaign
will be quietly conducted with no publi
cation, no names; simply a secret check
mating whenever possible.
There Has Been an Awaken
ing in Financial Circles
of Great Britain.
INVASION OF
AMERICAN GOODS
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— The Woman's
Christian Temperance Union Convention
to-day adopted resolutions against the
array canteen and prepared a petition to
the President and another to Congress
and to all of the great powers against the
eale of firearms and the importation of
liquor and opium into the Philippines or
the island possessions of the other powers
addressed.
The petition to the President pointed out
that it has been the policy of America to
forbid the sale of Intoxicants to the Indian
tribes, and that England, who had the
greatest experience among all of the col
onizing powers of the world, had been
forced to adopt a prohibition policy in her
colcnles in Africa and elsewhere. The
convention, therefore, asks that the Presi
dent, either through the War Department
<r 'the Philippine. Commission, shall ex
tend the prohibition law of the Indian
Territory eo as to take in the Philippine
Islands.
A petition to the Senate urges the rati
fication of the pending treaty for the pro
tection of Central Africa against intoxi
cants.
A petition also was drawn up to Great
Britain, France, Spain, Holland. Belgium,
Sweden, Norway. Denmark. Hungary,
Greece, Russia. Turkey, Persia and Japan,
asking for an International 'treaty that
will forbid the sale of Intoxicants, opium
end firearms in all islands and other re
gions inhabited chiefly by aboriginal
tribe?.
The afternoon reports of the superin
tendents were received and a white satin
banner was presented to Mrs. A. B. Leek
of Indianapolis for securing the largest
number of members.
To-night was "Y" night and Mrs. Clara
Paris of Illinois, national secretary, pre
sided. A banner wa« given to 1 the State
of Maine for the larprest increase In mem
bership during the year.
W. C. T. U. lo Send Resolu
tions to the President
and Congress.
ARMY CANTEEN
IS CONDEMNED
SUNSET COMPANY'S TRIUMPH.
Victorious in a Fight for British Co-
lumbia Patronage.
TELEPHONE AND FIRE
ALARM WIHES CUT
VANCOUVER. Dec. 4. — The Sunset
Telephone Company of San Francisco,
owners of the business of the Inland Tele
phone Company of Spokane, Wash., has
come out victorious in the light that has
been carried on for a year and a half
between the Inland Company and its
British Columbia rival, the Vernon & Nel
son Company. The Burrard Inlet* Com
pany of Vancouver to-day refused to buy
m the business of the Vernon & Nelson
at 50 cents on the dollar.
The British Columbia Company has
been operated for several months by the
Bank of Halifax, which took the system
lor a bank debt of $150,000. More than 300
miles of main wire and lines to dozens of
small mining camps have been paralleled
by the. provincial company, on ground cov
ered by the Spokane organization. Many
of the business houses through Kootenay
were compelled to patronize both services,
but three months ago the American com
pany, got the upper hand and to-day the
Vernon & Nelson, is being negotiated at
less than half its- value. The cost of the
system was more than $200,000.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 4.— The cable of
the Sunset Telegraph and Telephone Com
pany, containing practically all the long
distance lines out of Los Angeles, was
maliciously severed with an ax at 9:30
o'clock last night, entirely Interrupting
telephone connection with San 'Francisco
and all points north and east. The police
and lire alarm wires were cut at the same
point, and until the damage was repaired
early this morning East Los Angeles was
deprived of fire and police protection. The
mischief was done at the corner of Eight
eenth and Pasadena avenues.
This afternoon several wires were cut at
the corner of Second street and Beaudry
avenue. The telephone company has of
fered a reward of $250, and the police are
actively engaged upon the case.
PAID MUCH ATTENTION
,> TO HIS FORMER WIFE
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— Louise Hepner,
the actress, who Is suing her husband,
William- Hepner, a wlgmaker, for divorce,
served an amended complaint in the ac
tion today, charging Hepner with paying
too much attention in Chicago to Mrs.
Bertha Oliver, his first wife, from whom
he is divorced. Appended to the amended
complaint is the affidavit of Mrs. Oliver
admitting intimacy with Hepner.
Mrs. Hepner brought her action for di
vorce last. July, naming Minnie Russell
and Florence Leigh, or Lee, in the alle
gations. Hepner put in a counter suit,
alleging that his wife had been Intimate
with one George W. Leslie. She denied
the charge and made application for ali
mony, which was denied.
REDWOOD CITY MAN
HELD FOR ROBBERY
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 4.— Two footpads
tried to hold up John Halpln, inspector of
detectives, the second officer in command
of the Police Department of this city, to
night. Halpln refused to obey the com
mand to throw up Jils hands and one of
the robbers snapped. a revolver In the de
tective's fnce. The revolver missed fire,
nnd the men became alarmed and ran,
with Halpin In pursuit. He fired four
shots after them, wounding one of them.
The wounded man escnped, but the other,
who gave his name as J. T. Garald of
Redwood City, Cal.,.was captured.
Vancouver Merchant Bobbed.
Begerow Jury Sworn.
VANCOUVER. B.C., Dec. 4.— A. W.
Draper, a local merchant, was to-day the
victim of the boldest daylight hold-up
that has ever occurred in Vancouver. ' Hu
was on hls'Vay to lils> place of business
this morning when a man with a revolver
in each hand stepped from behind a bush
and told 'him to hold up his hands or he
would fill htm with lead. Draper com
piled and the man took from him a J50
watch and $200 in bank notes.
SAN JOSE, Dec- 4.— The Jaking of tes
timony in the third .J3egerow murder trial
began shortly, before, noon to-day. Two
additional Jurors were obtained this morn
ing, Which made the requisite twelve. The
defense, of Frederick Begerow, who was
an Alvlso "constable when he killed Joseph
Cech and August Berger, will be self
defense. « ;' f
Wreck on Great ¦ Northern.
SPOKANE. Dec. 4.— A light engine on
the Great Northern crashed into the rear
car. of a special freight at Chiwnukum,
near. . Leavenworth, this , morning. . Con
ductor Slckafoos.vwho was riding in the
caboose, was' instantly killed and •Brake
men Dorsey and French were severely in
jured. :
Festetics Makes Deposition.
, VIENNA. : ; Dec. 4.-Count Rudolph F*s
tetics Is miking a deposition at, the United
States consulate here in connection with
the divorce suit brought against him by
the Countess In America, '
OAKLAND, Dec. 4.— Miss Malinda
Porter, colored, did not batter
and assault her attorney, Wash
ington Jackson Oglesby, also
cole-red. She only shook -he"? fist
at him, then shook a cane at him, and
then put her revolver on the front parlor
table as a matter of general protection
and ornament. This is official, for a jury
determined these points in the Police
Court to-day.
The whole thing was a study in color
at which Police Judge Smith was the
committee of awards and a jury of eleven
men the committee upon decision. The
committee of decision found the foregoing
facts and the committee upon awards
awarded Miss Malinda Porter her liberty.
Judge Smith started out to secure a
Jury entirely of colored men, but both
Washington Jackson Oglesby and Miss
Malinda Porter are widely and favorably
known in colored society, and it was
found very difficult to secure g-entlemen
of their race who felt unbiased enough
to sit in judgment in a quarrel between
them. So Judge Smith v?as forced to fill
the box with whites, and then he could
only get eleven jurors. Washington Jack-
son Oglesby ably assisted the prosecution.
Mi3s Porter was acquitted.
Miss Malinda Porter occupies a house
that Is owned by the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Association, and one day when
Fhe stepped out upon the back porch it
pave way with her, and she was badly
bruised. Washington Jackson Oglesby
was consulted. Miss Porter says that he
volunteered his services, and Mr. Oglesby
says that he was consulted as an at
torney. He wrote a letter to the bank as
an attorney, he says, and Miss Porter
6ays that he changed letters on her and
sent a different one from that authorized
by her. However, the bank settled, and
Miss Porter is eminently satisfied.
Then Washington Jackson Oglesby
called to get his fee. Mr. Oglesby says
that he got it in the shape of sundry
blows in the face and a broken cane over
his head, and that then .Missj Porter
picked up a revolver and drove him out
of the house. Miss Porter said that the
attorney-at-law threatened her and then
she waved her cane at him, and pointed
to a revolver on the front parlor table,
where it lay as a bit of bric-a-brac.
The Jury voted nine to two for acquittal
on the first ballot and- then unanimously
for the lady.
LAWYER WASHINGTON JACKSON OGLESBY TRIES TO COLLECT A
FEE FROM MISS MALINDA PORTER AND THE SUBSEQUENT PRO
CEEDINGS PRODUCE A POLICE COURT CHAPTER OF INTEREST.
NKW YQttK, Dec. 4.— John Armstrong
Chanler, great-grandson of the first John
Jacob Astor and former husband of Ame
lie Rives, pix days ago escaped frcm
Blocmlngdale Asylum, and although de
tectives and hospital 'attendants have
searched the Westclioster woods and this
flty no trice of him has been found.
While Amelie Rives, who is now the
Pripcess Troubetskoy, lived In luxury,
surrounded by attendants, at Castle Hill,
near Charlottfsvllle, Va., Mr. Chanler. her
first husband, with his brilliant mind shat
tered, has been au inmate of the Bloom
lnj?<l:Ui? Asylum for the hopeleesly insane.
Friends sent him there in'.' February,
JJM7, and for nearly four years he had oc
cifpled comfortable quarters in what is
known as the MoCy cottage. He had had
the freedom of the srounds for the last
two years and his condition, while giving
no hope of ultimate recovery, • had im
proved to such an extent that he was
trusted to take long walks without an at
tendant. On one of these last Friday
he went to the White Plains Railway
and boarded a train of the New York and
Harlem River Railroad bound for this
city. When he failed to return to the
asylum in the evening attendants were
sent In search of him.
They traced him to "White Plains sta
tion, but it was not positively known un
til Saturday that he had come to this
city. Dr. Samuel P. Ijyon, superintendent
of the institAtion^ then received a letter
from Mr. Chanlefi postmarked New York
City, saying vaguely that he was away
attending to some private business and
would return when it was transacted.
The letter was not written on hotel pa
per and bore no addres-s.
Mr. Chanler and Amelie Rives were
married at the height of her popularity,
won by writing "The Quick or the Dead!"
After their marriage they went abroad
and remained for some time. Rumors of
disagreements reached this country and in
October, 1893. a divorce was granted on
the ground of incompatibility of tempera
ment. Mr. Chauler was in broken health
and his wi.fe's second marriage is said to
have preyed on his mind to such an ex
tent that it- was necessary to have him
committed to Bloomingdale.
Mr. Chanler's chief delusion is said to
be tnat he Is a great personage and that
other great men are jealous of him and
are conspiring to kill him. One of his hal
lucinations for a time was that ho was
a sort of Dr. Jekyll nnd Mr. Hyde. He
has an Income of about $30,000 a year, and
is 40 years old.
Amelie Rives' First Husband
Runs Away From
Bloomingdale.
While Out for an Airing Unattended
Leaves the Grounds and
Cannot Now Be
Found.
ESCAPES FROM
INSANE ASYLUM
AIDING POOR
IN NEW YORK
Good Work Done by the
Association During the
Past Year.
Tenement Houses Wnero Large Num
bers of Persons Are Herded
Declared to Be the Cause
of Much EviL „
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— The fifty-seventh
annual report of the New York associa
tion for improving the condition of the
poor has just been issued. It shows that
W,00<J was fpent by the relief department
far 19.51S persons. In the report of th-^
board of managers. President T. R. Cut
ting eays: "Of some 06OJ cases investi
gated, cared for, passed upon and closed
curing the year, the* cause of distress in
Ml instances is set down as lack of work;
in 11S8 instances as illness; the other
ca-:?es operating were shiftlessr.ess in 245
cases; Intemperance in 312; old age In 2)7.
pud desertion In 321. Too often when wc
fifiSign illness, ehiftlessness. Intemperance
ana desertion as the cause we know that
the tenement house itself is the real un
derlying evil; the herding large number
ol persons in contracted .=pa«.e fcas result
ed in abnormal minds and unhealthy
bodies."
Purchase of Sugars.
At a well-attended meeting of the
wholesale Grocers' Association of New
iork and vicinity— an association which
comprises the leading grocery jobbers in
this section of the country — it was decided
Ul throw off all restraints in regard to the
purchase and eale of refined sugars.
President G. Waldo Smith of the associa
tion said after the meeting that no tleiin
ite action had been taken in the way ol
pecuriiiff a readjustment of the sugar
business and an adjournment had been
taken without datc% The entire matter
had been left in the hands of the execu
tive committee to recommend proper ac
tion. In Uie meantime, the members of
the association would purchase from th-j
rotincrs offering sugar at the lowest
prices and would peil at puch prices as
they considered for the best interests of
their busiii<--c : s. The action of the local
wholesale grocers is important for the
reason that New York has been one of
the sections which has most steadfastly
j'laintairie.i the price of sugar. Their posi
tion as regards the factor plan is shown
l>y the last annual address of President
Smith, in which he advocated action in
the direction of securing the restoration
<;! the factor plan by the sugar refiners
and the restoration also of the affidavit
s-ystem, with a rebate of 20 cents per 100
pounds and the trade discount of 1 per
cent lie a!?o advocated the adoption of
the factor plan by all manufacturers
wJicpe p«io,ls are capable of being handled
in that manner.
Owen Murphy Is Dead.
Owen Murr-hy. vrhu ha^ b^en for more
than h«!f a century apent of the estate
of the late Rufus l^crd and a man weli
Known in Wail street, is dead from old
npc at Brooklyn. Mr. Murphy was in
th«> employ of Rufus Lord when his office
ui-ts r'lhbi-d in broad daylight of bond?
tud securities to the value of Jl.500,000, up
to that time the heaviest robbery in the
¦ rjr ol Wall street, and he subsequent
|j rtatarrt through a remarkable experi
encc at the hands of the police. Mr.
MurptiT iviis not at the office at the time
the robbery was committed, but the po-
Utx; under Captain Young, desired to put
him through the "third decree." Sir.
Ix>r<5. howevf-r. positively prohibited it.
tayinfr: "If Own Murphy wanted to rob
me he could have done so long ago and
bave. taken more than is now missing."
Presbyterian Union Dinner.
Th<? annual dinner of the Presbyterian
"Union of New York City was held last
Eignt at the Hotel Savoy. The president,
Frank E. Stiver, was unable to be pres
ent, owing to Illness. In his absence the
vice prrsioent, Frank R. Ferris, presided.
'!!:.- speakers were Rev. Dr. Charles A.
Dickey of Philadelphia. Miss Mary E.
Woolley. president of Mount Holyoke
feiaincry; James H. Canfield, LL. D., ex
< hancellor of the University of Nebraska
•Mid ex-president of the University of
Ohio.
Bachelor c£ Science.
President Low, at a meeting of the trus
•><< of the Columbia University, an
ooooced that hj-reafter the degree of
1 achelor of science (or education), which
la a new decree, will be conferred on all
Etudect* ol the teachers' college who
complete the four-year course required
for qualification as teacher. The United
State! Government was authorized to
offer tuition to five Filipinos In any school
< rcept that of the fchool of medicine.
Californians in New York.
The following: Oalifornians are in New
York: From San Francisco— W. G. Baker
BOd wife. P. S. Baker, at the Holland; M.
BuDdey. at the Imperial; Mrs. C. Hohn,
at the Grand Union; G. Kissingberg, at
:he Oi'sey; J. E. Lombard, at the Astor;
y. Itodgtrs, at the Imperial; S. Water
house and wife, at the Westminster; E.
Hughes and wife, at the Herald Square.
From Los Angeles— A. Bailey, at the
Continental; Miss NVttleson, at the
CJrar.d.
Trom San DieffO-^-G. Kurugh. at the
Manhattan; R. Kaufmann, C. Price, at
the Empire. '
She Only Placed Her Pistol Upon the
Table as an Ornament.
MALINDA PROVES HER
INNOCENCE TO JURY
Divorces Granted.
OAKLAND. Dec, 4.— Judge Ellsworth
has given Barbara Bald a divorce from
George Bald on. the ground of extreme
cruelty. Margaret E. Doyle has been
given a divorce from Joseph E. Doyle
by Judge Hall on the ground of deser
tion. The plaintiff is awarded the cus
tody of a child.
Reception and Sale at St. Luke's.
The reception and sale under the aus
pices of the Twenty Minute Society of
St. Luke's Church opened yesterday after
noon in the Sunday-school rooms of the
new church, corner of Clay street and
Van Ness avenue. It proved a marked
success both financially and socially. The
sale will continue at 3 o'clock this after
noon, to be opened by a short programme
of music," after which all the remaining
articles will be sold at greatly reduced
prices. -
Art Pupils Exhibit Work.
The tenth annual exhibition of work by
L. P. Latimer's pupils began at the Pal
ace Hotel yesterday and will be contin
ued to-day and this evening. The walls
of the maple parlor are literally covered
with paintings and drawings, and some
exceptionally artistic work is shown.
There are studies from life and nature in
both oil and water colors; also crayon
work and some excellent hand-painted
china. A large number of people visited
the parlors last evening and admired the
work, which excells that of previous
years.
AlfredGustonsen, while working on the
new battleship Wisconsin yesterday at
the Union' Iron Works' dock, lost his bal
ance and fell a distance of about four
teen • feet." He struck the-deck and In
jured his back to such an extent as to
cause his 'removal to the City and County
Hospital. .
Fell on Wisconsin's Deck.
Bazaar in Aid of Building Fund.
The Ladies' Aid Society of Our Savior's
Scandinavian Lutheran Church, Rev. O.
Grcensberg, pastor, announces .that the
annual bazaar of the society will open at
1663 Howard street, near Thirteenth.
Thursday evening and continue until Sat
urday evenirg. The proceeds thlc year
will go to the building fund of the church.
Funeral of Philip A. Conklin.
The funeral of Philip A. Conklin. lit*
of the Postal Department In Manila, P. 1..
took place yesterday from St. Marys
Cathedral. The body was brought to thin
city on the Government transport Thomas
last Saturday. * A large number of elab
orate floral pieces were contributed by the
Postofflce Department. The pallbearers
were R. L. Apple, A. E. Wessling. A.
Springer, A. I* Adams, Frank Hardy and
J. Heney, representing Altahmos Tribi*
No. 87, I. O. R. M., and Robert Leonard
and Daniel Tiernan. Conklin was only 2\)
years old.
conviction of the accused on a charge of
making and uttering a fictitious instru
ment. W. F. Week was selected to com
plete the Jury, after which G. B. Keane,
J. J. Rauer, R. J. Graf. A. Ruef. Lee D.
Craig and Robert Colthorp testified.
Their testimony was the same as that
given durinf-.the trial of John M. Chre
tien. The prosecution expects to connect
HaiiEted with the conspiracy to loot the
estate of the late Joseph Sullivan through
the testimony of Chretien, who will testify
to-day. .
More's Estate Distributed.
After more than a decade of expensive
litigation the estate of the late A. P. More
has been ordered distributed to the heirs
of the deceased millionaire. Mrs. Eliza
Miller, executrix of the estate, came Into
court yesterday accompanied by her coun
sel. Other heirs were represented, and
after a brief hearing Judge Coffey ordered
the distribution. Several small bequests of
money will be discharged through the sale
oi sheep now on the island. Judge O. P.
Evans wanted to know If his fee would
be paid in sheep and after being assured
that he would De given money he with
drew all objection and the order was
made. This order means that Santa Rosa
Island, off the coast of Santa Barbara,
will be partitioned as will the other grear
holdings of the deceased.
the employes of S. N. Wood & Co., for
whom he worked.
A man not heretofore mentioned In con
nection with the list of injured is that of
Walter Stuhe of 133 Lexington avenue.
He Is being nursed at the Waldeck Sani
tarium and will recover.
Preparations are being made to take
care of the crowd which It Is expected will
throng to the Inquest which will be held
in Judge Cabanlss's court at 7:30 o'clock
to-night.
The funeral of Talleyrand Barnwell was
held on Monday. He was buried In Cy
press Lawn Cemetery. The body was
escorted to the grave by many of the
dead boy's schoolmates from the Califor
nia School of Mechanical Arts, who also
sent many beautiful floral tributes.
It now. seems that the dread death-roll
of the Thanksgiving day disaster has
reached its last name. All the patients
at the. City and County Hospital are do-
Ing well, and the same Is true of the vic
tims in the other hospitals. The condi
tion of young Oppenhelmer, the boy who
was taken to the Mount -Zion Hospital,
seems to be the most serious of any at
this stage. AnMnternal complication has
set in involving his kidneys which mfcy
be hard for the surgeons, in their patient s
weakened condition, to deal with.
The funeral of 13-year-old Ellery Cran
dall took place at Irvington yesterday.
A subscription list to erect a monument
over the boy's grave has been started by
BIG SALARY FOR JUSTICES.
Stewart's Bill to Create a Supreme
Court for the Philippines.
"WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.— In the Senate
to-day Senator Stewart Introduced a bill
creating a Supreme Court for the Philip
pine Islands, with five Judges, who are to
be appointed for life and each of whom
Is to draw a salary of $20,000 per annum.
The bill provides for an appeal on writs of
error to the United States Supreme Court
In all cases Involving more than $20,000
and In those in which the constitution of
the United States is Involved. Speaking
of his motive for placing the salary at so
high a figure. Mr. Stewart said he had
done so In order to secure men of char
acter and professional standing for the
office of Judge.
Injured All Reported Doing Well in the Various Hospitals
Where They Have Found an Asylum.
DEATH VISITS NO MORE VICTIM S
OF THE GLASS WORKS DISASTER
No sooner had he entered the dining-room
than he caught sight of the pile of silver
ware on the table. Half an hour before
he had seen Mrs. Gustafson put this ware
carefully away In Its accustomed place on
a large sideboard. Then Gustafson was
satisfied that some one had entered the
place. While he was deciding upon a plan
of campaign, he observed a pair of shoes
behind a door leading Into a hallway.
Surmising then that there was a burglar
around, he started to pick up the shoes,
thinking the thief had left them .behind
In his flight. But the shoes did not yield,
and Gustafson discovered that they were
on a man's feet. He Jumped quickly for
the prostrate form and with poker up
lifted was about to strike, when the hid
ing burglar pleaded for mercy.
The burglar feigned Intoxication, but
his actions belied his protestations that
he intended no harm. Gustafson held his
prisoner until the police, summoned by
Mrs. Gustafson, arrived and relieved him
of his charge.
GBANT LEAVES TVTANTTiA
WITH SICK SOLDIERS
Insane Troopers and. General Prls-
oners Also Being Sent Home
on the Transport.
A cablegram was received yesterday at
headquarters of the Department of Cali
fornia announcing the departure of the
transport Grant from Manila for thi» city.
She has on board 23S sick and 13 Insane
soldiers and 47 general prisoners.
The hospital corps detachment that re
turned on the .Thomas, consisting of ona
steward and fifteen privates, has been or
dered to Fort McDowell to await return
transportation to the Philippines.
Convalescent Company No. 1, under
command of Captain Howland. Fourth In
fantry, has been ordered to duty at Fort
McDowell, relieving the detachment of
LJg-ht Battery C. Third Artillery, which
will be assigned to duty at the Presidio.
Acting Assistant Surgeons F. A. E. Dis
ney John G. Byrne, Hyman Flnkelstone.
Ger'ry 8. Driver. John J. Gilhuley and
Andy Hall have been ordered home for
annulment of contract, and actingAssist
ant Surgeons J. S. Hill. Robert M. En
ders and Charles H. Andrews have been
granted leave of absence until Decem
ber 31. „_ _ ,. „
Convalescent Company No. 3 at the Pre
sidio has been placed under the command
of Captain Jamea M. .Arrasmith. Eight
eenth Infantry. . ;
Chaplain Potter will perform simple
funeral services over the remains of
Colonel Liscum this afternoon at 3:S0.
after which they will be escorted to the
ferry by Troops F and G of the Sixth
Cavalry, under command of Major Ruc
ker.
"William Highfleld. Company L». Thirty
seventh Infantry, died yesterday at the
general hospital.
However, Better Besults Are Ex
pected for the Next Time,
Which May Terminate
the Gatherings.
» i
PEKING. Dec. 4.— As was expected, the
meeting of the foreign envoys to-day did
not result - in any definite conclusion
owing to the fact that none of the foreign
governments have notified their repre
sentatives as to the form of preliminary
note .to the Chinese plenipotentiaries. Mr.
Conger, the United States Embaesador.
sai'l after the meeting:
"Apparently it is the desire of all to
arrive at a satisfactory conclusion. I be
lieve the next meeting vrill be the last, but
It will not be called until every Minister
has received definite' Instructions cover
ing every point. Personally I am satis
fied with the resultf of the proceedings
to-day."
LONDON, Dec. 4.— A special dispatch
from Hankow Pass, dated November 30.
says the Kalian expedition was Ineffect
ive, the Chinese evading all attempts to
engage them. The towns en route were
occupied unopposed and some tolls of
skins and silver were levied. The) cav
alry captured the baggage of the retreat-
Ing Chinese force at Swenhwa-Fu, killed
thirty of Its guards and secured 25,000
taels.
Three mandarins, who were instigators
of the massacre of converts at Tslmlns.
and twenty-three Boxers were executed,
but the Germans generally Ignored evi
dences of anti-foreign activity. Tnere are
continuous disturbances in the interior,
where, the dispatch adds, a bad impres
sion has been made by the excessive
withdrawal of foreign troops and the com
placence of the allios. The missionaries
anticipate a recrudescence of the out
races.
The Westminster Gazette says It hopes
Great Britafn will not drift apart from the
United States' sensible Chinese policy
owing to the supposed necessity for sup
poVtinjr Germany's forward policy.
BERLIN, Dee. 4. — A dispatch from Field
Marshal Count vrm Walderaee. dated Pe
king, Monday, December 3. says a con
siderable force of Chines© regulars has
taken up a position at Bangchou. ninety
five kilometers south ward from Tientsin.
and that two detachments of troops from
Tientsin, commanded by Colonel Lohr
scheldl and Major Falkenhayn, are pro
ceeding against these Chinese.
No Results Owing to Lack
of Direction From
the Powers.
ENVOYS' MEETING
UNSATISFACTORY
, "¦-¦:. — '¦ '¦-"' ' - ¦ ¦ . ' '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1900.
Seizes Thief in His House and Turns
Him Over to Police.
ARMED WITH A POKER
HE CAPTURES BURGLAR
OAKLAND, Dec. 4.— Armed only
with a light stove poker, Chris
Gustafson, superintendent of the
Oakland, San Leandro and Hay
wards electric road, captured a
bold burglar at his residence, 1169 Twenty
third avenue, last night, held the Intruder
and "turned him over to the police. The
prowler gave his name as Hugh McGov
ern, a laborer.
Oustafson and his wife had finished sup
per and were seated in the parlor of their
flat about H o'clock last evening, when
the superintendent's wife was attracted
by the sound of a creaking door knob. She
whispered to her husband that the door
leading: from the parlor to the dining
room had been disturbed. For a minute
they gave no thought to the occurrence,
but Oustafson was uneasy and he decided
to investigate.
With the poker he took from the fire
place the streetcar man started forth.
11
VALUABLE TESTIMONIALS,
4 few of over One Thousand, from Famous Physicians:
Professor Von Mosetig-Modrhof, Vienna, Austria,
Professor of 6urcery, Imp." University.' writes: fc"I have employed Huajradl Jaaoi
Water in cases of Obstinate Constipation with excellent and immediate effect."
Professor Lomlkowski, Charkow, Russia,
Professor In Therapeutics »t the University, writes: " lion yadl Jaaos t tands first
, among »ll Aperient Waters." . . . \
Professor D. Lambl, Warsaw, 1 Russia,
. Professor of Clinical Medicina ; at the Universltr, writes: £ Hnnyadl Jaaei Bitter
Water, besides being an excellent general Aperient, hai proved specially efficacious
in the. treatment of chronic constipation, Tenons obstruction and congestion,
hemorrhoid&l affection and obesity." WBSBB3BBBS£sS^0
No Medicine in the World can compare with •• Hunyadl-Janos."
i Women cf refinement who regard healthful §3
5 cookir.g as a paramount duty; good cooks, M
3 leading clubs zn& hotel chefs, and cooking £1
<5 suthorlnttCT-erywhcre caracal jr recommend E
| Wesson's Se!ad Oil as better value than |
h| the most delicately flavored Imported Olive K
A Oil and costs very much less. Send for book- Q
;g let, which cont2in» exceptional recipe*, by I
ijS IJdaAmcsWiI!if,Nationa!FoodWriter,Lcc- |
if ttircrand Demonstrator; Mrs. S. T. Rorer, g
J Print-pal Philadelphia Cooking School; A. f:
5 Mantz, Steward and Manager RittenhouEC |
W Club, 2nd other valuable information free, fj
I Ask your friendly grocer for U'rjsoll'f Oils f
v and avoid un healthful cooking fats. fjTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1900.
12
PERSONALS.
CAN restore hair and remove blackhead*; ftlM
shampoo;, call for particulars. Address 16»
Seventh St. .
PRIVATE detectlv* work; reasonable rate*; U
years' experience. J. B. RAY. S57 Jessie at.
MME. ADA. th» wonderful rflfted healer. 1104
Market St.. rooms 3 and 4; one treatment fr«e.
ACADEM1E FRANCAISE for conversation;
private and claw lessona by Parisian teach-
ers; popular prtcea. 743 O'Farrell rt.
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound: absolute proof. Call or
address PR. G. 8. MOORE, 433 Geary st.. 8. T.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 733;
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: uphol-
stered furnltur* cleaning a. specialty; fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 33) lit h St.
MEXICAN Hair Grower stop* the hair from
falling Immediately and restores gray hair to
Us natural color: ladles call and Investigate.
Mexican Lady. 142 Sixth St. .
ELECTRIQ light In every room— Winchtster
Hotel 44 Third st. near Market; TOO rooms:
23c to $1 60 per night; SI a U IS per weak;
free 'bus and baggage to and from th» ferry.
SUITS to order on installments: $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS, 1117 Market st. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron bed*, single. thre«-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFTTTTNO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broad-way.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. ¦ Popu-
lor Price Hatters. JN Kearny St. near Pine.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1SS7; reliable and con-
fldentlal lists 10c, MRS. HERTZ, 708 Ellis it.
DANICHEFF sells holiday glove orders, good
for gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair an*
moles; trial free. MIS8 BATON. 1113 gutter.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, th« best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
SUITS 'to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. 1644 MTrt. under St. Nicholas HoteL
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious atonea
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st
ALFREDTJMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druynrists.
r^LMISTRT.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor at. bet.Geary and Post; tel. Black £61.
MME NEERGAARD. 700 Post: tel. Hyde O32;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C CO* DONN ELL— Of flee and r»stdence.
1021H Market St.. between Sl»th and Seventh.
' PROPERTY WANTED. ~~
WANTED— Flats or any good income property
under $10,000 for spot cosh. SPECK & CO..
667 Market st.
REAL .ESTATE—^ITY-— FOB^ SAJU3.
EABTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
1 633 MARKET STREET.
¦WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$1S,COO— On Ellis st: 57:8x87:6 ft.t 2 stores and I
Cats; rents $i:co per annum.
SNAP BARGAIN.
FOR SALE— or WILL TRADE.
J75CO— Cost $12,000; $50CO mortgage can remain)
elegant corner lot. 137:6x137:6; fine ma-
rine view; Hyde-st cars pass; will pay
difference in cash for Improved property.
ATTRACTIVE SOUTH OF MARKET FLATS.
$o3C0— Rents $G36 per annum; 3 handsome bmy-
windowed fiats of S. 5. C rooms and
bath on Minna st.
BUSH-ST. RESIDENCE.
$5000— Reduced from Ji'CO; elegant modern res-
idence of 8 rooms and bath and finished
basement; sunny side street; all mod
em Improvements.
8ACRAMENTO-ST. CORNER.
$3750—2 Cats of 4 and 5 rcoms and cottage of 4
rooms: rents $4CS per annum; near Leav-
enwrrth st
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$3500— MAKE OFFER; MUST BE SOLD; S
flats of 5. 4. 3 rooms ; rent3 $37 50 p#r
month: near 8th and Howard sta.
MODERN MISSION RESIDENCE.
$1300 — Two- story house, 7 rooms and bath;
every modern Improvement; lot 25x100;
bitumen street; cement walk.
MODERN COTTAGE ON TERMS.
$2750— $200 cash, balance 6 per cent:' porcelala
bath; dome ceilings, etc.; lot 23x104; Jer-
sey st
NEW MODERN MISSION COTTAOE.
$2500—6 rooms and bath, tile maatals, etc;
light and sunny; Sanchez st. near 24th.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st
RED HOT BARGAINS
AT— A. M. SPECK A CO.— AT
HARD TO BEAT! HARD TO BEAT!
PRICES WILL STHIELY ADVANCE.
$3750.
E small Sats. all rented for $31; near Market
and Ninth sts.
ttsoo.
4 flats near Sixth at., all rented for (41; oo«t
$5500; must sell.
$6000.
Two nice flats. 2214 Flllmor* st.; business Jo.
cality; offer wanted.
$7500.
Down town flats, all rented. $31: two fjont-
ages; Hayes Valley.
$7500.
Flats: brand new; east of Van !Ves» a-r«.{
rents $72.
$7250 INVESTEU
On Van Ness ave. produces $100 a month over
taxes: most sell; elegant naw Improvements;
this Is five times what you get In savings
banks.
$3950.
Rents $100; 100-ft front; near Taslor «t; ao
chance like It
$10,500.
40- ft. corner on Second st.
$14,500.
Business property; rents $100; n««r sew Cttr
Hall.
$20,000.
Corner: 60- ft. front; vicinity Sutter. east of
Hyde; grand botel, office or roomla-houM site;
rents $107.
$30,000.
Rents $385: elegant new ln>prorem«nti: S5~tt.
front; honest value.
$50,000.
44-ft. front: vicinity of Throll; old improve-
ments; rents $200; block from Market. wlU
double surely in 10 years.
$75,000.
Grand corner; 75-ft front; within block at
Market st: old Improvements: rents $400; wtta-
ln block of Hale's; worth $100,000.
$100,000. "J%.
Here Is 10 per cent net; on a cornar 70-ft
front; guaranteed lease 5 years: building better
than the Palace Hotel or no sale.
NOTICE— No tlm« for trlflera. Cosh talks ta
our offlce. Try us.
Money to loan. 6 per cent. Including taxes.
- ¦ A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Martcct st
AUCTION SALE. TO-DAY. DEC. 5. 1900^
At 12 o'clock, at Salesroom of
COFFEI. HUGHES A CO.. «3O MARKET ST.
Stores and flat, 723 to 728 Howard st.. near
Third; lot 60x180, to Natoma st. or 60xS0 front-
in? Howard rt. .
Bush St.. south side, 173 feet west of Octavia;
lot S7:ftxl20. . -
Cottage. 3811 Eighteenth st.. near Church; •
rooms and bath; 20x100.
! Folsom st, 1048 to IMS; stores and lodging
house; rents $140; lot 55x30.
1747 and 1751 Post St., near Buchanan; ZZx
137:6; rents $70.
S933 Clay st. ; 8 rooms and bath,
i 1417 Pacific st; store and flat; rent $33.
• Lot west Laguna st., bet. Halght and Page.
216, 216*4. »n d 213 Langton st; 50x73; tene-
ments. ; -
Two lots, west Lyon st. nr. Halght: 25x100
' 1715 Eddy st. nr. Pierce: 8 r. & b. ; 25x137:9.
Lot north McAllister, nr. Fillmore; 40x137:1
2114 Mission it, cr. Seventeenth: 3 r. & b.
Cottage. 3^ Day st. Bear Sanchez.
Two lots west Harrison, nr. 25th; 25x122:8.
First Bt. , near Mall Dock and - Brannan st. ;
aaloon and boarding house,
saloon ana COFFETi HUGHES ft CO..
Auctioneers. 630 Market st.
TWO REAL BUYS.
FOUR-STORT AND BASEMENT BU1LDDJO
ru ON HOWARD ST.
BRINGING IN $123 A MONTH.
PRICE $16,000. <
A CORNER FIFTY VARA ON SCOTT ST
With good view and convenJent residence
locality, for only $5000. ¦ ¦
THOS. MAGEE * SONS.
5 Montgomery st.
OWNERS of property In the Potrero that wish *
. to sell, call on W. J. OUNN. 530 California
street. S. F. Savings Union building.
IF you have property nonh of the Park an!
you wl3h to s*!l quickly, then call on W j
i OUNN. 830 California st, W ' J *
MISCKLLAJfEOPS— FOrt, gALB. _
BOILERS, Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outflts on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 boors. J.
" NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st.
above Sixth; wrjte for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st . ' ¦
B-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine.
$150; can be seen running at 623 Golden
Gate ave.
A-100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes;, ad-hand: J. Burke. 139 Beale.
NEWFOUNDLAND pup, * cheap. 217 Teha-
ma st.
H. S. WHITE buys, sells and re-nts motors.
engines, mach'y, mining outflts. 51S Mission.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern good*
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks dcale and fire and burglar
proof cafe. 216 California st
,WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
- suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Offlce. 23 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4:3 Sacramento st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THIS
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MOXKV TO LO A.V^
ANY amount on furniture, nlanos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red -tape and publicity; se« us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoo bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortagea
interest in Estates ."....
Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY, 630 Market
A— MONET to loan at rates which peopl* can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc; do
not borrow of your friends or yon will lose
thalr friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. >06 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 3d and 3d mort-
gagee, undivided interest real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else,
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 31
ANT proposition, any amount; ( per cent; first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loons, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN * OLSEN.
A— $300,000 on city and ccuntry real estate and.
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
HIGHLY respectable, private placa to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S45 Market
st; tcL Main 1644. Branch 18 Third st
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc. ;
no removal, no commission; strictly confi-
dential. Rm. 3, Conservatory bldg.. Svl Jones.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no remov-
al; no comm. ; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st. '
MONEY loaned salaried people without eecurlty.
j HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6% ncdl-
vlded Ints: estates. HARPER. 347 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. S6« Parrott bulld-
lng; men can secure loans on personal note.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott bid.
$1CO,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Bldg Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st. rocm L
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st
CASH loaned to salaried people en note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
. dorsgr. S F. Discount Arency. 143 Phelan bid.
(MUSICAL JNSTItU.MENTS.
INTENDING purchasers of pianos will sive
money by examining the beautiful new styles
which we shall receive within the next few
days; they are the very latest In everything
and will be offered exceedingly low. MAU- i
VAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 769 Market St.
THE names of. pianos that you ought to select
from for your holiday present are Decker &
Son, Packard. Baumelster, Straube. Gllmore
and Arlington. The instruments are buund
to suit and the prices will be made to cor-
respond. We have several good second-hand
bargains. MAUVAIS, 769 Market st
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay A Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and Jow-
prlced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful r.ew uprights sold for $6 cosh and
$6 per month. tVe on*er to sell Some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAT & CO., Steinway dealers, cor-
: ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco,
: corner Broadway . and Thirteenth St., Oak-
; land.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago;
agent peerles3 Heine and Hallet A Davis,
Boston's oldest and most famous piano, . and
ten other makes: plahos rented; rent allowed
' on purchase.
8 Heine uprights $327
1 Mason & Hamlin 300
; t Stelnways MS
1 Chickerlng 165
, 1 Marshal: A Wendell , 65
; 1 Emerson - 35
; "HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.; open
evenings.
ABSOLUTELY, the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S. Vi,
2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all gra-les
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ¦¦. r7*.y.r"
FINE list of sllrhtly used pianos $133 up: easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st.: Chickerlng agency; Symphonlon rau-
1 Etc boxes; sheet music, etc.; open Saturday
evenings.
FOR sale — Elegant upright piano, 3 pedals.
7 1-3 octave. tlSO; or rent for $3. 342 Kearny.
HIGH-GRADE J-pedal upright piano; must be
sacrificed, leaving city. 419 Van Ness ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman, Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
NEUMAN upright. $75; Sherwood. *83: Peek.
$100; other bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post st
AT KEEFFE'S. 833 Market st. 4 •legant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
GREAT many bargain* In Jnd-hand uprights;
small installments. Hcrnunc. 216 McAllister.
BOHMER ft CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Spiel-
mann and Hamilton pianos. 308 Post st
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURT AZ. S80 Hayes St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 3 Latham place.
A cleaning: out of nlanos for storage; dirt cheap;
installments. Wilson's Storage. 710 Market.
A BARGAIN; must be sold; nice upright piano.
gCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st. next Hlb. Bank.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
popt«»p-«» paid. • ¦ . .
'¦¦ oilT~ ¦•¦ ..
EVERYBODY— Man. woman and child In San
Francisco and Paclflo Coast, con afford to
buy oil stock, 1 cent per share. In regular
(corporation with proven oil lands; sure In-
vestment; dividends will -be paid with first
well; money be used for development purposes
,only; derrick and casing now on gTound- will
give free $1000 insurance policy, good for one
year, with every thousand shares sold; thou-
sand ' shares, $10; 100 shares $1; only 100 000
shares, to b« gold. JUANITA OIL CO '500
. Montgomery st., San Fran. ; . agent wanted.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, S30 Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS! OIL EXCMANGE-
': Country correspondence solicited. ¦
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
LERN Rlyer OH Lands-Proren territory m
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil field known; over 530 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and sav» commissions-
have been in field from start: will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
E£ RM . AN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg.. San
Francisco ; 416 Douglas Block. Los Angeles;
- Southern Hotel. Bakersfleld.
A FORTUNE for, $S0O-The . first U. S. patent
oil land on the market In 20-acre tracts: send
for mapand experts' reports and particulars.
A. L. .WILLEY. 918 Market St.. S. F.
PATEMS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge . unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
BISIXESS CHAXCGS CO.\TI.\UED.
FOR sale— On exceptional terms, a complete
printing plant, suitable for printing a seven
double-column paper; plenty of type and other
accessories. For further- particulars address
M. F. WALSH. Castrovllle. Cal. -
$1100 FOR grocery and bar; NE. corner Twen-
ty-fourth and Alabama sts.; great bargain;
investigate; must be sold at once; owner
obliged to leave on other business New York.
WELL-EQUIPPED plating plant doing splen-
did business. fSCO: worth $1000: sickness com-
pels quick sale. Box 4?S. Call offlce.
COFFE15 and chophouse at a sacrifice : owner
pick and must sell at once. 1612H Folsom St.
j^v_FOIt sale— Fln(> millinery store. Address
A. M-, Call branch, 300 Hayes et.
JiOft— STATIONERY store; clean stock and fix-
tures: good location. Address box 552. Coll.
FINE chance for shoemaker; old stand to let
cheap. MCI Twenty-fourth et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
lecelved at Call branch office. £200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions l.as been established at . 1051
Vaifcria et ¦ ¦ ; '
LODGIXG-UOl'SES FOR SALE.
! ______^
MONEY leaned on lodging, .houses, l\i p. c;
anything you want In lodging-houses; s'mpls;
37 rooms on Powell st.; rent $175; price. .$1900
1.1 rooms en Geary Ft.; rent $63; price ,1050
35 rooi::s on O'Farrell St.; rent *C5; price.. 750
ri» rooms on Misrion St.; rent $6P; price.. 1100
16 rooms on Howard et. ; rent $25; price.. "SO
For quick' sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY, PIS Msrket.st.; phone black K16.
ALL the latest bargains come to us.
From 5 to M0 rooms. $125 to $2o.000.
l'y.O hevses to choose from; fair and honest
treatment; some first-class family hotels in
nil locatKms.
We assist tou half the purchase money; cash
or easy terms. HAYES & WILSON, 82S Mar- I
ket st. (The EllteK j
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Oood-
paying houses: sizes, prices and locations to
meet your desires: honest value guaranteed;
money loaned buyers: titles searched by a
rw^ular searcher; your Interests protected. All
this and many choice investments you will
find at SCHWEINHARD, Real Estate Offlce,
rooms 1-2, No. 917 Market s(. •
A— 22-ROOM house; central J1000
20-room house; first-class 10C>0
11-room house; $475: 6-room flat.. 825
20-room house; Eddy; rent $75; only 900
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
SNAP — 11 rooms, furnished: clears $25 per mo.;
only $125. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market at.
1L GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. room 1; free list;
over iff); all sizes and prices; please call.
$303 — GOOD hardwood furniture 14-roomed
house; $25 rent. 858 Howard st. —
JESSIE. 476— A furnished house of 14 rooms for
sale ohoar- '
FDR s«le— Lodfrfnc-house of 38 rooms: well fur-
nished.- 549 Howard St.. near Second.
$S0O— BARGAIN; lodfflng-house of 26 rooms;
clears $S0 month; easy -work. Inquire Call.
SIXTH, 242— A furnished house of 9 rooms for
sale. .
CARRIAGES AAD WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO.. clearance sale;, low
wheel, rubber tire, road wagon, JSO; ¦ other
styles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt nr. 9th.. opp. St Nlch.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
i etc-, cheap. EGAS & SON. 2117 Mission Et.
! AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light '
camping wagon, for sale cheap. S32 Mission. I
I NEW * Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har- \\
r«s. wcrk A driving horses. Hth & Valencia. J
I ' I
SPIRITUALISM. ¦
Milt?. DR. FARNHAM, world-renowned eplrlN i
ual medium: advice in all affairs of life, law- I
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated; !
•mining a specialty; clrs. Sun.. Wed., Fri. ev's; I
come and be convinced. Permanently located I
S13 Eddy rt.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
j cr.t; treats all diseases at office or by letter;
e'.ttinge. $1. 11C4 O'Farrell Et. : take Elils car.
CIRCLE to-night at 8 sharp. 10c; readings daily, i
MMK. MARQUISE. 5 Hyde St.. nr.McAlllster. |
MRS. GILSON. 614 Jessie, nr. 7th— Circles Tues., j
Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m.; sit dally, $1; upstairs. I
C. MATO STEERS, trance medium. ltfH Oak !
st.; readings, Jl; hours, 9 a. m. to 4 p. m.
EDW. EARLE. Biate writer, removed 300 Ellis, !
ccr. Taylor: Sunday night, Pythian Castle.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, j
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st. 1
MRS. DR. WEST returned; trance medium and j
magnetic healer. S»06 Market st. room 22. :
MRS. HARRISON— Medium, test, readings; see \
her dr. Tues. Thurs.. Sun. R5S Mission st. j
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 325 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings: convincing tests to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
MKS. DrTfT CLARK~thY well-known trance ;
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner of Golden Gate ave., room 23 !
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamph- !
let with special. terms. |
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight: '
diaenofes disease with life reading; ladles 50c, ;
gents SI; palm, and clair. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market.opp.
Cth; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently: advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed: Scop. 17 Third et. next Examiner. I
MME. RENNER. clairvoyant, palmist planet
j reader, 25c; ladles only; German spoken. 725
I Ellis st. _^
1 MRS. E. SANDERS. £14 Taylor St.. near Geary
j — Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
i ladies' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; Fri., 8; cir. !3c.
REMOVED — The great inspirational card read-
er" price 25c and 50c: hours 10 a. m. till 9 n.
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 223 Fulton st.
j MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me- ;
' dlum; 25c up. i2S Mission st, nr. 4th; ring bell.
! MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
j palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
I CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst palm-
,1st and card reading. £5c. 1241H Market st.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
! ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spok?n.
j MME. HANSON, palmistry car reader; past,
present, ruture; 25c. 148 Sixth et., room 11.
GYPSY; genuine clairvoyant; located 10 days 114
I Turk ct. : ladles. 25c: gents. 50c. "Frawley." ,
' MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm- 1
lstrnd card reader, 25c. 7 Seventh st. j
MME. RUTH, wonderful card clairvoyant, has ;
returned; fee 25c and 50c. 708 Ellis st. |
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader,
sittings dailr. 44$V& Jessie st.
MRS. E. M. DITVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium/ 215 Kearny st, rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business ¦
advice: nanw rfven: 2Se ur>. 6 Fourth at.
I CARPET PEATiyC AND CLEANING. 1
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat- ;
ing Works. 353-337 Tehama St.; tel. South 40. ¦
STANDARD* 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
ket* renovated. 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
3c yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
i CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c,
! STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
) J. E. MITCHELL." Carpet-Beating and Reno-
! rating Co.. £40 Fourteenth fit: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. < H.
STEVENS, mgr.. ZS-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
I ADVANCE Carpet -Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
( tel Main 091. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
I ¦
! CONKLIVi! Carpet-Beating Works. 233 Oolden
nale >v, • teV<- r .Vo n< . East 12fi.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
! palnl«-»s: con^ul'n free.- Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
I GEORG"E^vrKEUrrFAgencT^o^hargTu^
f less successful. Room 210. 927 Market st.
DEXTISTsI
> AT^^'ELECT7ixM5ENTXL^L^fNicrs^Slar^
: ket t>t. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
! have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
: without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
: S3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; or-
; flee hours, 9 a. in. to JO i>. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2 I
I p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON.M.D., Manager. I
1 EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
! and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
I d«rful secrtt. painless method; TO years' ex-
j v-exience; no students; advice free; prices
j ch*4p*«t and guaranteed; • lady attendants.
I DR. GUOROE W. LEEK. 20 O'FarreU Bt
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fllllngs. 50c:
crowns, • $? 50; plates, full set. $5: all work
; i-ainienB and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
DR. tUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market,. nr. Eleventh
I —No charge for extracting, when plate* are i
made; old plat<4 made over like new; teeth;
from fS per set; extracting. SOc: gas glren. i
MODERN Dental Parlors, 1206 Market St.; ex-
I pert extracting, crown and bridge work. A.
1 L. SIMPSON. D. D. B.
..-:¦¦: '';; 1FLATg TO ~if'> •
ioThouses and'flats'to rent! speck
& CO., 687 MARKET ST. . .'¦ • ....
lcO8 Golden Gate, u. ; • A 1913 Devisadero, u.
f., 8 r |50l f 7 r $21
1519 O'Karrell.l.t.,7r.$36 1408' Paclflo, u t., Sr.118
1560 Fell, u.if.,'8 r..$35 1666 Page, u. f., 8 r..$15
192 Tremont ave., u. . 331 Eddy, m. f., 4 r.$30
f., 7;r..-.. ..;... ....$23
-Flats wanted to rent; guarantee S days.
COZY three-room, flat;. 28. Reed St.; rent $10.
Apply 1325 Washington st., near Jones.
IF you want to move getprlnted list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no ohlldren. -
PINE, 2966— Upper flat 7 sunny rooms and bath;
rent $20.
THREE sunny - rooms to M tt 343 Tehama
street. . , • .
S7-4-ROOM flats on Victor «t, off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
J2S— BAY-WINDOW; newly renovated; modern;
7-room: bath. 1625 Clay St.. near Polk.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FELL. 54>-~Furnlshed flat of 6 rooms and bath.
" FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 8 rooms~for~sa7e for $150; 5
rooms rented. . Call between 2 and 4 p. m.,
815% Geary st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $43 50, with No. 7
range.; King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market?
ELEGANT ; Quarter-sawed oak bedroom suite
to private party; bargain. Box 1792, Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc.- 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission Bt. pays highest
price for second-hand 'furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1S05 Larkln: tel. Polk 691.
f.U'-nlture & furn'd houses bought: spot cosh.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry tc Co.). buys
furnltura. carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3S53.
r —
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
c!'r. HANSEN & CO. ... ...Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...
6 experienced chambermaids for city and
country, near city, $lu to $20; 10 flrst-olass
chambermaids. Southern California. $20; S
waitresses, south, $20, fare paid; 10 wait-
resses, different country and city hotels, $20
and $25; lunch waitress, $4 50, no Sunday
work; 3 chambermaids to wait $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
I House glr', grown family. Antloch, $20: mid-
dle-aged 5 * woman, ¦ houBoworlc, Nevada, $20;
second girl, Berkeley, $2fc house girl, Amer-
ican family, Oakland, $20, $25; nurse girl,
care of S children in hotel. $20: many others.
; C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 NEAT young ladles as salesladies for candy
store; $7 week to begin. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED— Seamstress ! for Institution;
short distance in country; $26 to $30 per
month, with board, room and laundry; nice
place. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
COOK, country, $30; second girl. $25; nurse-
girl. $20; two cooks. $30 each; houseglrl, $30.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter- St.
CALIFORNIA Employment Office, 59 Third St..
telephone Red 31, wanted— housekeeper, coun-
try, see party here at 10 o'clock sharp; girl
to wash dishes in private family, $10 and
found; housekeeper, city, $15 to $20; young
girl who wants a home, 3 in family, $10 and
; found; housekeeper, country, see party here
at 2 o'clock sharp, all people applying for
this position must have a child; 3 girls for
housework, good wages. ' '
WHOLESALE house desires the services of a
woman not ¦ under 25, who is accurate and
trustworthy: no bookkeeping or stenography.
Box 472. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and buttonhole maker
wanted on men's coats. ROSENBLUM &
ABRAHAM, merchant tailors, 1103 Market st
WANTED— A young girl to assist in light
housework; call in morning. 726 Golden Gate
avenue.
WANTED— Attractive girl from 16 to 19 years
old to assist In shooting gallery from 9 a. m.
to 4 p. m.. at Shreve & Barber's, 611 Kearny.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at' Chutes at 6 p. m. . .
WANTED— First-class finisher on custom
coats. 916 Market nt.. Columbia bldg.. rm. 82.
WANTED— Competent girl; housework and
cooking; small family; wages $25. 13 Scott st
ACTIVE . girls to learn fancy ironing at . St. !
Nicholas Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom. 1
GIRL for general housework; small wash;
wages $20. 728 Cole st. _v ¦
GOOD plain cook to assist in housework; ref-
erences; wages $20.- 425 Devisadero st. |
TWENTY girls to shell nuts. • Apply 123 Clay
st,' upstairs, between 8 and 10. .
YOUNG girl to : assist waiting at table; ex-
perience not necessary: $15., 680 Fourth st. ;
GIRL for general housework; small family;
sleep at home; reference. 485 Fell st.
A GIRL to assist- in operating and also ap-
prentice girls on coats. 126 Russ st.
GIRL to do light housework and assist In store.
Call 1 to 4, 496 Halght st. ,
WANTED— An old lady to take care of an In-
valid lady. 701 Stockton st. ' ¦
EXPERIENCED girl for a candy store. 223
Sixth st: •
GIRL for general housework. 16U Scott st.
OPERATORS on shirts; best pay. BRENNER,
ULMAN CO., 19 Battery st.
WANTED — Operators on ladles' wrappers and
waists to work In factory; also take work
home; good pay; steady work. MARKS
BROS.. 1212 Market st. • •
TAILORESS as finisher on pants. 6 1 '- Kearny
et., room 18, top floor.
A LADY Jroner. and repairer; $1 50 per day.
Golden Gate Dye Works, 1411 Point Lobos av.
GIRL . wanted for general , housework. S3S
O'Farrell st.
GOOD girl wanted to assist In general house-
work. 731 Green st., near Mason.
FINISHERS on vests: steady work: good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 'Market st
GIRLS for housework; good pay. ' Paclflo Em-
ployment Agency, » Geary; ph. Black 3719.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentices
wanted. Bookblndery. 536 Clay st. .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia st. •.¦.'•
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— WANTED— Waiter and take charge of~of^
fleers': dining-room; for hospital near city;
$25 per month, with room, board and laundry.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. i
A— WANTED— Assistant' attendant for boys'
training school across the bay; young man
of some education- —d references; salary JSOO
per year, with room,, board and laundry. W.
D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— WANTED— To go to-day ..fare advanced
Woodchoppers and tlemakers, tools and grub
advanced, - redwood, 80c a cord; pine wood,
$1 a cord; oak. wood. Jl' 25 a cord; all 4-foot
wood: ties, 6x8. 10c each; 7x8, lie each. W.
D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st. . 1
A— WANTED— Porter for country hotel and
drive 'bus, , $20 and' found:..
Hostler, countrv stable/ $30 and found
Young German Janitor work and tend bar, $15
> and found , ,'.'...".....,...
Walter boy for boarding house, ...$15 and fd.
r W.' D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st. -. '
A — S GOOD carpenters, 4 ¦ cabinet makers, 2
bench hands. • Mechanics' .Registration Bu-
','reau,' 410 Kearny st.v room 9; non-union me-
chanics,' please register;- if iw! Jobs daily; no.
office-fees. .Telephone Main 5384. - . .
CALIFORNIA Employment Agency, 59 Third
st.',.- tel. Red SI — 5 .¦ woodchoppers, $160 per
cord;. hotel waiter for country. v
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Unlon^
Free employment bureau;. the only recognized
, union of barbers. 115 Turk. I. LESS. Sec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel.' Jessie 152. .
WANTED— Experienced - salesman In domestic 1
department In large, retail. store; state: ex-
perience, -: reference. : salary- : Apply box 463.
Call office.- v .... ::-.-.,;'.-;; ¦-'.¦,' -¦..¦:,'.r ¦ I
MicCHANICsrenglneers. electricians, firemen,
1 free scholarship in engineering will be award-
ed a few well-recommended applicants. Am.
School of Correspondence, j Boston, Mass.
WANTED— Toungman who has had experience
' In >runnlng : elevator;- state . age, experience,
reference, salary. Apply box 461, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced • silk and . dress goods
salesman; : state- experience. ) referenoe, salary
expected. 'Apply box 462, Call offlce. -.
WANTED— Young man . to ¦ work. In ' printing
: ; office;- give > experience and reference. ¦< Box
464, iCall office. , r ; . ;
WANTED-^Salesman experienced In retail gro-
| eery, business: * give - reference • and wages ex- '
,i pected.- ' Box 465. Call 'office. ""¦ ¦¦¦.--¦ '¦ i
BARBER shop; 3 chairs; good steady trade; old
stand In the Mission;' can be bought for $250.
: . STOLTZ. 636 Market st. - „ . . : ... . .
WANTED- 2 tailors, a coatmaker and a pants-
„ maker; steady : work.- Address ' W. •: H;
WALKER. Bakemflrtd. i. Cal. • . ' ' '
.WANTED— A buuhelman at, J. . J.^GILDEA'S,
Grant ave: and Market' gt
. DEXTISTS. . - .
••MA5T7)«U;e"~Ne^York"DTnt^^
Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges: teeth extracted
positively and absolutely, without pain...
PARIS Dental Parlor, £35 Kearny, cor. Bush—
• Full set of -teeth, $4; crowns, J3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
da-s. ]Q01 Market at. corner Sixth.
SETT of teeth without plate. DR. 1 H. Q.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
DEPILATORY,
O. C. C. — A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair: will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate ekln; agent*
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag*cy. 426 Ellis.
DRESSMAKERS AM) SKAMSTHESSES
McDOWELir^ressmakingandjilillnerySchool;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
DRESSMAKING; reasonable 1 rices; dresses
made over;, perfect fit. 3S7 Geary st.
' EDICATIOXAU
MONSIEUR and Madame de Loery, from Paris,
have opened a studio at 742 O'Farrell* st. for
voice placing, correct breathing, tone produc-
tion, artistic singing. Italian method,' solo-
ists and tluetiets for concerts and • church,
oratorio, opera; also parlor entertainers.
GALLAGHiat-MAKSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand,, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS CQLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F-— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
j and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
! A— MADEMOISELLE HELEN CLARKE, pupil
of Genevleve Stebblns and Herr Bandman,
coaches .pupils for the stn^c teaches Del-
sarte and society training. 408 Golden Gate
avenue. . \
ATTENTION! Tarr's pupils always thorough
In bookkeeping— rapid calculating, short time;
college graduates perfected; expert account-
lng. 220 Parrott building.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
.colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 728 Market St.: day
and evening; Individual Instruction. $8 per
month; life scholarship. $50: bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. : catalogue free.
MISS m! G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy:
lessons, by mall; acknowledged by official ro-
porterfc best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course thlj
year got positions. 8AN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: da", eve.; est. 18K4.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
PIANO; history of music; German; French; $S
per month. Y. M. C. A. bldg.. fifth floor.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
"ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day nr eve.: **> mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
KMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
I A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
J tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
j JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est
1S70: practical recommend: try them: removed
I to 419 Devisadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
i JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. 626 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde' 2191.
j A B.C EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. S15 Stockton; Main 5188.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn. : domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 878.
i PRPHKUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
i nese"»ielp. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
i CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
j Best help. 411V4 O'Farrell st : tel. East 421.
I EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
' RESPECTABLE '. Protestant woman wishes
I housework and plain cooking In email fam-
| ily. or would aeslst In kitchen of small hotel
1 or boarding-house: references. Apply T. J.,
, SI9 Sixth St., near Clara.
I FIRST-CLASS German cook wants place in
i hotel, restaurant or boarding-house; first-class
i pastry; hotel references. T. B., 242 Natoma
j St.. basement.
A— WOMAN wishes to do housework or help In
boarding-house; city; wages $10. carfare. Ap-
>ply after 10 o'clock. 44 Russ st. .
< RESPECTABLE woman wants housework by
the day; would wash flannels; no windows:
! $1 25. MRS. E.. 952 Mission st.
j WANTED— Position by competent cook; no
I outside work; also chamberwork. Box 456.
! Call office.
1 A STRONG reliable Danish girl wishes a place
• to do house cleaning by Vie day. Call or ad-
I dress 7 De Boom St.. oft Second.
1 ¦
i RESPECTABLE young woman wishes ' any
' kind of work by the day or hour. ¦ Address
1C3 Seventh .st.
j MIDDLE-AGED woman desires a position as
1 housekeeper; good ' ref erences. Address box
I 620, Call.
I A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation
j for general housework. 364 Linden ave., 'bet.
j Gough and Octavia sts. ¦ •
¦ WOMAN wants situation to do housework by
! day. week or month; good housekeeper;
I stead;'.- 3ZG Minna St.
I AV ANTED— Work ~by^ the day by reliable
I woman ; $1 10 a day. 1431 Pclk st. ' '
' DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter;
i sews 60 cents a day: G. F.,- box 474. Call.
I COMPETENT piano teacher would like a few
j more pupils. Address box 473, Call office.
j AN experienced dressmaker wishes work; $1 25
' per day* references. Box 458. Call.
i WANTED by a lady of great business ability
I a position as collector a few hours dally; the
j very highest references fudiished. Box 6C9,
Call office. " . .¦//,'. '
• GOVERNESS desires engagements; English
j branches; French; German; tnuilc: city ref-
1 erences. Apply by mall, MISS S., 1737 Green.
I ,
j FIRST-CLASS colored cook wishes situation
in city; meat and pastry; best Eastern refer-
. ences. MRS. MURRAY. 1008 Clay st.
1 . .
¦2 SWEDE girls wish general housework. 1108
j De Haro st.
WOMAN of experience wishes place as seam-
strefft and chambermaid. Box 608, Call.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation
as working housekeeper; no trlflers. . Box
619, Cal! offlce.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 DO night. $1 50 to W
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
EMPLOVMENT WANTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted by trustworthy and re-
liable elderly man to do light work around
place; understands care of horses; good
milker and bous?work; reference. Address
J. C box 457. Call offlce.
YOUNG man experienced In cooking desires
situation; hotel preferred; wages moderate.
327 Clementina st
A YOUNG man, 21, speaks French, English
nnd German, wishes situation of any kind;
understands baker business. 816 Davis St.
WANTED— Position by a competent architect-
ural draughtsman. Box 475. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man. 21. upeaks English' and Ger-
man, wishes situation of any kind. 318 Davis.
AN experienced druggist (German) wishes a po-
sltlon. Address box 2055. Call offlce, Oakland.
I WILL' ray *-5 to any one who procures for
me. a situation as assistant" bookkeeper col-
lector. Janitor or night or day watchman; by
a middle-aged German with good references
Address box 611, Call offioe.
A RESPECTABLE elderly, man wants em-
ployment In offlce, store, factory, elevator or
janitor; . willing. to be useful; good penman;
wages no object; good references. Box 616
Call offlce. - \-
SECOND hand on cakes wants situation. U3J
Fclsom st. - - ¦¦¦ .
BY an Englishman, a position as Janitor or
housecleaner; 15 years' . experience. 107 Berry
rt. near Third. ,.¦¦•; . .
WANTED— A position as cashier tor a travel-
ling theatrical company by a man with $100;
can> furnish good references. Address box
614. Call office. • ' . ,"• • ' * '- v ;.,.-
BARBER— Young man. 15, first-class workman,
desires steady situation, city > or country,
where services will be thoroughly, appreciat-
ed. Address Box 465, Call.
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. , Milkers' Union of California, 526 Mont-
1 gomery st _' ; \< . '.••*> < r ¦¦ ¦. ¦. -
'] A YOUNG stationary engineer. wishes employ-
i ment: strictly temperate. J. W.. 140 Seventh.
I CARPENTER and cabinet-maker; single man;
looks for steady position; Pullman P. Car Co.*
I ref. Adr. H. Q., Sao: Rafael, P.; 0.-box:a77.
' HELP WASTED-MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.. .'...Phone Or&at 185
•• .'.HOTEL DEPARTMENT
FVench chef, $100; chef. $80; baker and pastry
cook, country hotel, $75 ;; 2 head and second
cooks, restaurants, $60 and $40; broiler, coun-
try hotel, $50; eecond cook,' country hotel, $60;
porter, country' hotel, $20; night porter, coun-
try hotel, $20; restaurant chef, city, $17 treek;
second. $10 week. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. • • - -
A-MURRAY & READY.. ......Phone Main 6848
.'.Leading Employment and Labor' Agents...
'... WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Coal miners for Oregon .....:.. ..fare advanced
Bookkeeper for ranch...... sea boss here.
Farmers and wives $40 and $30 and found
Laborers and teamsters, city and country....
Carriage painter : concrete finisher
Steam shovel man 'for dredge.. wagon maker
Farm hands, teamsters, pruners
$26 and $30 and found
Boys for factory, choremen, stablemen.
..HOTEL AND OTHER. DEPARTMENTS...
10 cooks, city and country.... $30 to $45 and fd
•Young man for bakery delicatessen man
Walter, coffee parlor, $8 week; baker, coun-
try shop,; $16 week; laundry man, dish wuh-
ern. etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
A— WE— PAY— YOUR— FARE— and ship to-day
CO tie makers, different camps, 9c to 12c each,
fare paid, tools. and provisions furnished. ¦
..:..,...... 150— WOODCHOPPERS ...:
to cut pine redwood and hardwood, 80c to
$1 50 cord; on some places tools and provi-
sions ' furnished. MURRAY & READY, 623-
63G Clay et. - . . ¦ ¦,
MAN wanted with $75; permanent place that
will- pay. $15 to $18 a tteek; no experience re-
qulred. Apply 1016 Market St., room 10.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman wanted. MARTIN
BROS., 17 Stockton St. ' ¦' '
WANTED-Young man in oyster house; wages
$20. 1405 California st.
A FIRST-CLASS coat maker wanted. 62«
Montgomery st. . V
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to E9c. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Boy about 15 years of age. 220
Bush st.', first floor. • ;
SOLICITORS wanted for charitable , lnstitu- I
tion. Box 466. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted at 239 California
St.; steady work.
TALENTED amateur performers' wanted. Call
at Chutes at 6 p. m.
CLERK for grocery and. bar. Sutter and Lar-
kln ste. : call from 11 to 1 p. m.
BARBERS — 15c and 26c one-chair shop for sale.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
A SOLICITOR -wanted for Golden Gate Dye
Works, 1421 Point Lobos ave.
YOUNG man to learn the barber trade; terms
reasonable. , 721 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character,. between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch In height; able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce, 40 Ellis
street. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 51? Sacra-
mento St., near Montgomery; one of th» few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY, Prop.
W ANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, etlll
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade only eight
weekB required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard _ Co.. old. reliable
firm. S06 Market, room 40, Phelan building;
pension vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
WANTED— A first-class shoe salesman; best
wages: only competent salesman need apply.
Bea Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st.
$75— PARTNER wanted In small restaurant;
clearing $60 month; no experience necessary.
496 Fourth st. -
GOOD ladles' tailor. J. McCLENEGAN. 532
Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
3 CHAIR city shop: lst-class furniture: sick-
ness; come quick. Deckclman Bros., 106 Ellis.
BOY wanted: 18 to 18 years old. WIENER &
MERZBACH, 1C3 Sansome st. '
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard St.
$50— TWO-CHAIR shop. 434 Pacific St.; must
sell. ¦ ¦
WANTED — Good man or woman to sell oil
stock. -E. J. LUNDIN. 935 Market st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tui-
tion at S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices.' N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all Darts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; tre» j
'hus and baseare to and from ferry. ¦ ' ' !
HOKSKS. L1VKSTOCK. Kto For Sal»
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market, i
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
8ULLIVAN fc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL. BC3 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH. JZ24 — Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
rent J37 60, water free. : .
NEATLY furnished* house to let; rent cheap.
Apply at 6C6 Mission st.
HYPNOTISM. •
PROF. RAYMOND-Strlctly reliable; teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
INVALID fllAIKS A>1> T1UCVCLES.
A FINE Invalid's rolling chair; bicycle wheels,
. wickerware basket body; can be seen at
. Morig's Yosemite bicycle factory, 1522 Mar-
ket st.; made to order; nearly new.
SOLD and rented; nianfr. of the Eames tricycle
cfcalr. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st
LOST AND FOtIJtD.
LOST — Monday morning. Scotch collie bitch,
black, and four white legs and white belly
and white stripe down the forehead and two
tan spots over the eyes and two on the
paw; answers to name of Nan; $5 reward.
Return to 1706H Polk st.
LOST— Monday afternoon on Market St.. be-
tween Fourth st. and Emporium or In Empo-
rium, gold rimmed spectacles In case. Return
to room 459 Parrott building and receive re-
ward. "
LOST— Satchel containing S purse and coin,
medal, papers arid photograph; will give
finder $40 for return of same; no questions
asked. Raytrill Stables. 627 Halght st.
LOST— Returning from . Golden Gate Park, a
black feather boa. , Return to 812 Market st. ;
liberal reward.
LOST— Brown water spaniel. . Return TOM
FOO, 113 Prospect place; r reward.
LOST— Sunday, black ¦• cocker spaniel bitch:
•- brass collar. Return 1781 Halght st.
LADIES' stick pin; originally 7 pearls; one
'missing; lost on Market st. Saturday evening.
Kindly return to H; E. McC. Call office.
LOST— PUk umbrella with gun metal handle,
gold ring and initials E. H. on handle. $10
reward If returned to E. . ¦ HAQUETTE, 16
Post St., Palace of Art.
LOST— A white I brindled greyhound . pup; re-
ward. 593 San Bruno a\'e. • . • j
MEDICAL..
DR?ANErMRS."DA VIES/ 1228 '^Market— Ladies'
. specialists; 32 years' practice; have - treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,'
. any one can use it with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless.' Send stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
- Eur.cecs.ful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
suit' free. ¦ 942 Post st, bet Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. ' DR. - KOHL. 997 MARKET ST., corner
- Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment. • $5; positive cure guaranteed : 1 when
others fail : consult,' free, MRS. < DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007% Market, expert on dls-
easee of women; 15 years' - practice in S. P., a
cure guaranteed: $3 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled' success: see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN.: 1035 Market— Ladles' spe^
. clallst; tafe and sure cure, • $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
PR. WISE.' the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles* specialist; home
..for patients. 1 "." 604 ¦' Eddy st." ;.;*:¦ . ¦_• ¦'¦¦¦¦
DR. POPPER'S treatment can be, had for the
-cure In>hl3 office at" $5. 823 Kearay st.;.
DR." NG TOY KEE 'cures disease by herbs:
advice free. -¦- 704 Sacramento st..' near. Kearny.
-WANTS.
LADIES'- and 'gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. SUverroan. 984 Folsom; tel. 1 Folsom 119L
KLEZN still pays best price for. clothing, bric-
a-brac and oooka. 109 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 141.
WANTED-Uprlght '.: piano*, for caih. U. L.
WHITEHEAD. , 1710 Market st
SAX FRASCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Pan Francisco
Cell, ccrner or Market and Th'.rd streets; open
urtll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ET7 Montgomery street,
comer Clay: cpen until 9:39 p. m. j
100 Hayes street; cpen until ?:30 p. m.
tZi McAllister street: cpen until 9:39 p. in.
<1S Larkln street: open until 8:J0 p. m.
1S« Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
tttl Market street, ccrner Sixteenth; cpea
cr.til S p. m.
108 Eleventh street: cpen ontll > p. m. ,
1098 Valencia street: open until 9 p. si.
Noribwert corner Twenty-eecond and Ken- •
tticky streets: open until 9 p. m. •
31EETI.\G AOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2. R. and B. m
M . will meet THIS
EVENING, December 3, at 8 o'clock. /VV^ .
for business, decree* and ejection c! ' • ™ ,
officers. By order of the T. I. M. -
FRANKLIN H. PAY, Recorder.
MOUNT MOR1AH Loijre No.' 44, F. and •
A M —Annual stated meeting THIb
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 «3T ,
o'clock. E'^<»» jjgg^noucH. *Z
CROCKETT Lodge No. 13S, F. an<l A. « '¦
M —Annual mooting THIS EVENING,
DeceralxT ;, at 7:30 o'clock. /%,A
II. FORTRIEDE. Sec. / ~>
CALIFORNIA Lodce No: 3, I. O. .^s&U&.Z:
n F - Vt-mtwrs will m<»el lrl =i3S3Rfe
Covenant Hail. WEDNESDAY. t^>=J$c-
Dec. 6. at 1 :o P. m.. to attend v
the funeral of our late brother, "¦ **• '
ALLEY. J. H. HANSEN. N. G. .
MEMBERS of Yerba Buena Lodge
No. 15. I. O. O. F.— The (Jran<l gJSSRfc
Master will pay our lecteo an Of-
ficial Visit THURSDAY EVEN- 'll. „
ING. Decemiu r C. E.try member is part.cu-
larly requestr.l to be present. All other
lodecr are cordially invited to Join us>. .
JOHN A. OLSEN. N. G. Pro Tern. ]
7. A. MAHTIN, Rec. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. IS,
American A*5Cciatlcn of *5 a *O(a&^ m^__
Masters and Pilots— Officers /> 1 r. jJSgp*^"
and members are requested %z^fi^^^
to rr.eet at thc'.r hall. Ferry i ¦/•*•""
building, THIS DAY. D<?- !
cumber 6. at 11:30 a. ra.. for the purpose of 1
attending the funeral of our late brother,
(.APT. J. W. GAGE. 12 o'clock beat to
Berkeley. By order
R. N. PIPPEY. Secretary-
IVAXKOK Lodee tit*. 5, K. of P.. will I
<-^nferShf Knight Rank (Long form)
WEDNESDAY. Dtc. 5. 1900, at Pyth-tfSAK* •
Sr.n Ca^tle, 9 r S4 Market st.. at 8:30 4@i>£jj ,
p. ra. Men-.bers of sister lolges cordially in- •
vited. M. N. BRADEEN. C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S. j
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Mem-
bers of the above named society are S£3«$Js|
hereby r.otlfie<1 to attend their quar- K^i-t-Sx
terly "met ting WEDNESDAY EVEN- J»^K .
IXG, Dec. a. 11«X>. at 7:30 o'clock ]
sharp. Ncmtr.ation of officers and second
reading oC amentini^nts will take place. f*y •
order of J. L. RADOVICil, Pres. <
AUO. MIKI'LICH, Rec. Secretap-.
SERVIAN - MOXTEXEOKIS L. * !
»ni 15. Svicl»»ty — All officer* an«l l*f9^ft
members of the above society are .
hereby notiflt-d to attend their J{tV55J
regular monthly and nomination rMiJ-Sftiri
r. . • • : •: WEDNESDAY EVEN- RyBuTija <
ING. l>»c. 5. ISO*}, at 7:30 o'clock. t«J»!I8WJ
et SfW Market St., to nominate \^Ji3lJE-52?
new officers for the ensuing -K^^jT
year r'^031. By crder of
JJ. K. TAPOVAZ. President.
SP1R<"» S. Vl'roSAVLIEVICH. Sec.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association
funeral notice— The detail from Henry Smith
to G^orjo F. Airy, inclusive, will assemble j
at tht'.r hall THIS DAY at 12:3« o'clock, to j
attend the funeral of our late brother, WIL- j •
LIAM H. ALLEY. By order
ALEX. CAMPBELL. President.
F. E. DURHAM, Recording Secretary.
KNIGHT? of the Oolden Eagle meet THIS
• WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock.
Native Pins' Hall. 414 Mason ct. : 1st degree.
ATTOKXEYS AT LAW.
R. TV. KING. S>?7 Market St., Cth floor, room €27
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy, 1
collections; ail cases; fair fees; no advance
charge*; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.' ¦
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, stty at law. HO Market, cor. Stockton. :
I. EDW. JAHRETT, Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market fts. : pnnne Red EI€2.
ADVICE free: no charre unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, sn Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. B. CLARK. ETr.ma Epreckels bide.. 827 Mar-
Vet st.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
A.CE9ETS WASTED.
I2on TO J.V0 per month: men or women; salary
or wmmiFfion. :C"7 Market st.. room «15.
ASI'UALTIM ItOOKI.VG.
J. FELTIEir~afr^h«ir~roofing^ Videwalks re-
p-Tirr-d: p'-'stal. HSb 'MiEsion; tel. Folsoni 1607.
A-'inoLU«iV.
DR. C TOUSEY TAYLOR. Scientific AEtrolo"-
per— FYee copy "The New Moon." 7C3 Market.
1H111 CAUI\ETS.
KOBINSON, Niagara. Pertectlon and~oth^rsTwr
S. BROWN CO.. agency. 42t Ellis St.. S. F.
UIM\US> CUAACES.
JM0— COFFEE and lunch parlor on one of the
t«-?t tireets in city; doing good business. It.
>J. WILKE, 26'r* Kearny st.
A— OYSTER depot; price JliCJ; place doing a
large bufclness. tnstly wholesale, cash trade;
not lets than JJ.10 profit per month; fullest ln-
xeetigation solicited. Particulars K. G.
W1LKK. 2C>* Kearny st. j
A — $700; SALOON and lunch house; surrounded '
by whuleiale hoctes and machine shops; es- 1
tabllsht-d years; rent $30; splendid offer. Call '
K. G. WILICE. K'i Ktarny st.
A— f75>?; OXE-HALK interest in good paying
restaurant on Kearny st. ; a first-class prop-
osition for the right party. R. G. WILKE,
26lt Kearny st. ,
A— $750'i; SALOON near Chronicle building; es- j
:.- :•..-:• i years and known as one ol the <
.¦.•¦;.:. j.iaces of the city. Call R. U. I
WILKE.- 26*» Kearny St. j
A— J12(Kt: OORNEB troetrf and bar; one block
•¦.:•:. of McAllister St.; rent $45; 414 years
. lease; owner has two more places of busi-
ness and niUFt sell one; ?t<> k will invoice ;
th* prtce. Call R. G. WILKE. I6H Kearny.
A-tXi#; RKSTAURANT and colTee~parlor on
Kearny ft., near Chronicle building; rent $125;
business clearing $3<Xl and above per month; I
o»T.er engaped oihtTwlsr; compc!l«l to s^cri- i
floe. Call R. C. WILKE, 26'* K«arny st. :
A— $IiJf>; OOBKEB liquor bar; established 4}
.yeaj*; located near Chronicle building; 3
years' lf*se: daily receipts about 139; one of
the best paying bars in this city. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26«i Kearny st.
A — CORNER butcher shop on Howard Et. ; do-
ing a first-class paying cash business; must
s«ll at once; owner jrolng in cattle buying.
R. G. WILKR. 26VJ Kearny et.
A— $1200; BAKERY, corner. In Western Add.;
**=tab. many years; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak-
. ing 4 barrels per day; 5 living rooms, bath; I
• rent $iO;"S years' lrase; death of owner cause
of *a>. II. G. WILKE, 26!4 Kearny st.
A— RESTAURANT: heart city; money-maker;
.con-.e «juick. COWING 4 CO.. 719 Market st.
A FINE corner crocerj' and bar: beet location;
come at once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A PLUMBING shop: good location: come at i
once. COWING & CO.. 71i» Market st.
A— PARTNER wanted in good hotel. COWING I
& CO., 719 Market st. j
WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner !
rtore and basement with nxtures suitable for
procery *rosine*f>; special inducements. Ap-
- ply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
STPO— FALOON; death cause of sale; centrally J
located; nicely fitted up and fair etoelc. •
. DONNELLY A CO.. 62? Market st. ;
IjAROAIN — Bakery and branch; store trade of i
.'¦ barrels s <Jay; J13U0. Apply at once to Me- i
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777'j Market Et.
..JTOO— » 8 int. In plumber bualncss, established 10 (
years; epiendld oi>portunity for a mechanic; J
•sickness causa of sale. Lane & Co., 865 Mrkt. \
. JF jou have anything to sell or exchar.ge see '
E. J. LVXPtW. S35 Market st.
RESTAURANT doir.g a good tusine^ for sale; j
a po<»d chance for man and wife with family: •
furniture, a.11 new; give a trial for week or I
more; best location. Box 467. Cai: of flee.
GP.OCKRY, ffiCO: snap: clears TOO a month; •
ciKhty resrular tustomrn<; fplcndld buslnesn; \
on account of owner's sickness. KING'S i
437 Ninth «t., Oakland.
PRACTICAL man would invest *50O to $6000 in i
paying ?>nteryrise. with nervices; principals
oaiy. Box 4M. Call offlce.
*CO. 1 city retail business for' sale; a bargain; I
fullest icvertigution. Box 4.".:\ Call.
?OR stile — J-chalr barber shop; to be sold at j
once; bargain. 3 Sin-ar et. :
/—WHOLESALE liquor buflnefs; long eviab-
lUSwdj niakiwr money; no agents. Inquire H.
L. REA. 4CZ Washington st.. 6. F.
7HEMIHT of wide experience In nianufactur- i
Ing will fumleh instructions for .making
anything de*lred. Chenrist, bos 546, Call.
JTiO WILL buy partnership In paying saloon '
near Hull «f Justice. C40 Con)merclal St.. near
Keerr.y. Apply at 4Z3 Jackson et.
.FALOON for sale opposite the ferry. Apply ,
' at Ul Eatt et. north of Market |For the two years ended June 30 -last
there were 16,627 criminal trlala in North
Carolina,' and 10.845 convictions.' ! The total
was 2000 less than ;ln the preceding two
W F Barnes, L' Ang
G C Dornln. Berkeley
Mrs D*Holllster,Crtlnd
Miss B HolIister.Crtlnd
F J Carman. Cal
W T Sanborn. Stanford
H T Williams. Stnfrd
"VV P Mathews. Sacto -
J P ¦ Pearson.' L Banos
W. J Hughes, ' Oakdale
W F Jordan. Stanford
W J'Renfree. Antioch;
S Bartlett. Auburn
E Fentress. Nome
J Barnes Jr, Seattle
F J Tetreau. Chico .,
H C Marcus. Baltimore
W B Gesten.', Mexico
J B Warden. Vancouvr
C J Smith. Seattle
H JMulr. & w, Chgo
A Andersons Buisun ..
F B Merrlam. S Diego
D W Lewis. Sander .
J W Blayden&w, Wash
J Z Anderson.. S: Jose
II E = Coleman. • Toledo
H K'Stahl. San Jose
G W Gill. Watsonvllle:
F Langford. Madera- .
Mrs A J McCallum.Cal
H S Wanzer, S Cruz
O A Eastman, NY
H E White. Nome
W G Bradford. Sacto . '•
E W Smith, L Ang *
J . E Bell;- Everett
WT Barry. Salinas
H S' Ransom. Sacto
H BrlnckA w. Wlntrs
W Brlnck. ¦ Winters
C J Fox, Wasco .
J M Hayes & w. Kans
A L Lean & w.HIdsbrg
P T Nelsen &,w,Wash
C L La Rue & w.' Cal
D • Patten. ' Napa "•-
H A Smith. Cal
H C Mahanna & w.Neb
H Berg & w. N Y
J P Onstott&w.Yuba C
Miss Onstott. * Yuba Cy
J D Macfarland & f,
Los Angeles
R Beely & w. Cal • .
T Jacobs. Vlsalia
M Michael. ,*. Woodland
JiM- Gilbert, N <Y V
D E Mcikle, • Portland
GRAND HOTEL.
PALACE HOTEL.
E Runge, Shanghai
H Z Winters, Conn
H Robinson, Cal ;. > \
O S Pardee. Oakland
C O Perry. Cal
R E Jack, S L Oblspo
D F Verdenal Jx, N Y
C L ,Webb, Seattle "
G Trow, Riverside
M J Daniels, Rlversida
0 H MacLymont, Cal
A' H Naftzger. L Ang
Mrs A II Naftzger, Cal
D B Thappee, NY- '
J W Bamberger, NY
J A Dubbs. Plttsburg
Mrs J A Dubbs, Pitts
J H McDonald, Detroit
Mrs-J'H McDonald,
Detroit
O W Morgan, Clevelnd
Mrs G W Morgan.- Ohio
Rose Morgan, : Clevelnd
L W Pomeroy, Newprt
Mrs 1/ W, Pomeroy,
Newport
A Cunningham, N Y
Mrs A Cunningham.
NT ¦ .
L P Graham, S Jose
O B Moore, Texas
8 O Moore. Los Ang
Mrs S G Moore^ L Ang
G de^ Latone, Cal
J H Moore. S Jose
M Turell, Stockton
Mrs M Turell. . Stocktn
W O McDowell. Cal
W A Prichard, Amador
J Hatch, San Jose
J D Schuyler, L Ang
W.'P Hammon, Orovlll
N W Hartranft, L Ang
E \V Hale. Sacto
Mrs B W Hale. Sacto
W E Blssell, Cal
Miss W E Blssell. Cal
A Elsas. St Louis
Mrs A Elsas. - St Louis
W A Sherman, ,S Lake
Mrs W A Sherman, S
Lake A '•
"VV Schaw, Sacto
Mrs W Schaw, Sacto
C E Watts, NY
Dr M Yansone,' Japan ¦
K Nlva, ' Japan
Jt MatBUdona, Japan
R Otsuki. Japan
S Kunkezan, Japan
Dr Sal to. Japan .
K Kato, Japan ,
W B Peck, NY
Mrs W B Peck, NT
A M Tinker, Wash
Mrs E M Miller, Oakld
A H G Palmer. Fresno
Mrs G de Latone, Cal
HOTEL ARRIVAL.
States forces In China. General Breckin
ridge also notes that the grade of briga
dier general is abolished In most of the
European armies and is nearly as archaic
as that of commodore afloat.
In regard to the question of the reor
ganization of the standing- army the gen
eral suggests a standard of two soldiers
per 1000 of population and submits statis
tics to show that in the proportion of sol
diers to population, and to the area of
country, and in the war budget in time of
peace, the United States Is far. behind all
of the great European nations.' \ .
General Breckinridge claims for his de
partment the credit of the discovery of
postal frauds in Cuba. He makes recom
mendation for additional clerical and mes
senger assistance in his department, and
also earnestly suggests that the War De
partment provide the various military
colleges throughout the country with cap
able and efficient military instructors.
Inspector General J. C. Breckinridge
Presents His Annual Report
->•*-/-. to the War Secretary.
WASHINGTON pec. 4.— The report o'f
General J. C. Breckinridge, inspector
general of the army, earnestly recom
mends that the benefits of the law of
March 3, 1S99, providing 1 for the retirement
of officers of the navy, under certain con
ditions, with the rank and pay of -the
neit higher grade, be extended to include
officers of the army.-" ¦
Mostof our wars have been fought on
land, says the report, and as a matter of
simple justice, rewards for army . officers
should be no less extensive than those en-
Joyed by officers of thu naval branch.
The report touches also upon the disad
vantages Imposed by Inferior rank In the
army, citing as an Instance the China
campaign, when General Chaffee, a junior
among the commanders, was advanced
from a brigadier to a major general to
give him the rank requisite to his status
as commander-ln-chlef of the United
RECOMMENDS CHANGES
IN AHHTY BETHtEMENTS
BERLIN, Dec- 4.— Many of the Import
ant Journals, like the Post, Tageblatt and
National Zeitung, . refrain from comment
on President McKinley's message/Other
papers speak of the wid, '¦ even threatening
language it is said to contain In regard to
Germany.
The Vosslsche Zeitung- says: "It is
noticeable "that President McKinley refers
very , coolly to . America's . relations with
Germany.- As in important state docu
ments of this kind every word has been
carefully read beforehand, it is un
doubtedly significant that President Mc-
Kinley should describe the relations with
France and England as friendly,, whereas,
speaking of relations- with Germany, he
merely remarks that they show 'evidence
Of good will.* Such a distinction cannot
but be intended and is «U1 the more sur
prising In view of the very friendly speech
to Germans delivered' by Embassador
White at the Thanksgiving dinner of the
American colony." • .
LONDON, Dec. 4.-*-Comment on Presi
dent McKinley's message to Congress is
chiefly -devoted to 'the references to
America's Chinese policy. The-. Dally
Graphic says: "The policy of the -United
States regarding China is not heroic, but
it is certainly practical and there.ls ample
reason to believe that it will prevail."
The Times says: , "The message makes
It clear that on the vital point of insist
ing upon punishment -for the outrages
Mr. McKinley remains firm. We are glad
to see that on the subject of guarantees
for Christian . converts the President
makes a new proposal in advance of any
put forward elsewhere. In regard to the
indemnity question he is in agreement
with some of the best opinion in Eng
land." The Times editorially concludes
with an expression of the hope "that Mr.
McKinley's second term may be marked
by "a satisfactory settlement of all out
standing questions between Great Britain
and America.".
• The Daily News says: ' '"The message
contains nothing new t and nothing very
illuminating on matters that are old. It
will be very closely scanned for its ref
erences to China. Jt looks as though the
American formula were ' that the powers
are to specify the culprits and .the Chi
nese Government is to specify the pun
ishment. On such terms a speedy settle
ment would undoubtedly be possible, but
would it be effective or durable?"
The Standard, which agrees with the
Times that if all the powers had with
drawn after the legations were relieved
to the same extent as the United States
there would not now be much chance of
satisfaction, remarks: "The excessive
anxiety to re-establish trade with China
is, perhaps, the real explanation of some
points that have not seemed satisfactory
in the recent policy of the United States.
In the opinion of the Standard, the
Washington Government has "acted aa
a drag on European diplomacy."
The Daily Chronicle observes: "Clearly
the United States Government is able to
boast of a,n aggregate of imports and ex
ports exceeding- two billions, and to pro
pose a reduction of revenue taxation to
the extent of thirty mllllons. : The admin
istration has a fair justification, even if
there be no very obvious need, for fur
ther, encouraging the American mercan
tile marine."
Words From the Speech Deliv
ered/by the -American
¦^ Embn.ssa.dor.
.¦"¦.. .- ¦ '¦'¦¦,
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. . Copyright; 1900.. by the Herald Pub
• llshlng Company. ' "
German Editors Comment
-on the Gold' Language, of' .
the President.
— . • . —
Marked Difference in McKinley'a
SEE A MENACE
IN THE MESSAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA:LL, WEDNESDAY DECEMBER, 5, 19Q°-
13
BT'SH. E20 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rms; day, 25c up; wk, II SO up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
1364 >— Fur-
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No,
CLIFFORD, 3)4 EUls, cor.- Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
BORN.
HURD— In this city, November 29. 1900. to the
wife of Jesse P. Hurd. a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sens authorized . to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
GEART, 536— Corner house; front rooms; other
rooms; piano, phone; privilege light house-
keeping.
GEART. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
FIFTH. 249— Furnished front room; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
BOLLO— SWENSEN— In this dty. December I.
1900, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Mario J.
Bollo and Bessie C. SwenBen.
FEUSIER— VAN DER ZWIEP— In the First
Presbyterian Church of this city. December
1 1900. by tha Rev. Robert Mackenzie. Clar-
ence L. Feusier and Marie D. Van der Zwiep,
both of San Francisco.
SOUTHWELL— BARTON— In Reno, Nev.. Oc-
tober 81. 1900. by tba Rer. J. Phelps. Frank
L. Southwell and Katherine M. Barton, both
of San Francisco.
MARRIED.
HO"WARD, 1072 — Four rooms and bath.
LAS PALMAS. 1E29 Market et.-Sulte of I or I
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st— Nicely
furnished rooms. J2 a week. up; 35c a day up.
MINNA, 6€7, corner Eighth— New furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric- lights; day. wk., mo.
VAN NESS and Eddy — Furnished rooms in pri-
vate family. Box 613. Call office.
TURK. 832— Bunny frcnt room; suitable for 2
gentlemen or dressmaker.
TURK, 126 — Front, sunny furnished room, suit-
able for one or two gentlemen.
SOUTH OAK, 89— Furnished sunny front room
for one or two gentlemen; bath.
SIXTH. 136— Furnished suite of rooms, suitable
for business; privilege of light housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 18 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
ROSEDALE House, 219 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night £Sc to $1. week $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL. House, 126 EUls st.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 85c to 11 60; week, S3 to
IS; month. %& to 130; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bat been established at 1056
Valencia et.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First st. near Uar-
rlton.
PIXE. 956. near Taylor — Newly furnished room;
hot and cold water; board optional; private.
SELECT family hotel; new interior? three sp«.
cial dinners weekly; rates to establish. 807
California st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mid*
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 6580.
NOTICE — Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since July 1, 1833:
Irene Valdez, age 8 years; Laretto Duran, 7;
Madeline Duran, 6; Ray Croal, 8.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1815 Mission, nr. 15th.
BOUGHT, cold, rented, repaired; needles and
•shuttles ; reduced rates. 14S 6th; phone Mint S.
SE\VI.\G MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 1320 Fillmore «t: phone Jackson 281.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans: Tenth and Market; phone South 763.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
BEX INS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
n and 29 Fifth st. Tel.; South in.'
fUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER*
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
MeAVOY *;CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1239 Market St.. between 8th and 9th.
'" r, •• Telephone South 247...
(Successor to Flannacran & Gallagher)
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80." : .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend No. 22 (thirty
cent* per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan,
tatlon Co., will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market el., on and after Mon-
day. December 10. 1*00. Transfer books wilt
oloee on Tuesday, . December «, 1*00, at S
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. : A dividend, Xo. 24, of seventy-
- Sve cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company. 430
California St., San Francisco, on December
' 10, 1900. Transfer books close December 3,
1900, at noon. A. A. BPARKS. Secretary.
JAMES BBNBOIC, Secretary.
San Francisco, November 19, 1900.
ODD FELLOWS' Earlnjjs Bank, room 1 7. HO
Montgomery St.— Dividend No. 17 In liquida-
tion, being two and three-eighths (2*i) per
cent on all deposits, will be payable at said
bank on and after TUESDAY, November 20,
1KK); total amount of dividends declared in
liquidation, eighty-nine and seven* eighths
«t-",) i>er cent.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to U 4 M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st. • '
jrrPEWTRlTEHg * KO SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^TYPE WRITERS— W*
•ell better machines tor less money than any
house in the city; rentals, |3. .The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 26J.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
ml j/^%. *^S* "ds* i/»x -*k^**
For a plain, pretty Rug foryour
bathroom you Can't do better
than purchase a Cotton Rug.
Many sizes in as • many patterns.
Pink and white, blue and white
and green and white. We made
a very fortunate purchase on the
last shipment and can quote at-
tractive prices:
* 18x36 inches. .. ....... ..$1.00
24x48 inches. ........... 1.75
; 30x60 inches. .V.. 2.SO
36x36 inches.. T... .. 2.25
36x72 inches............ 3.50 ._'
Schluetefc
215-217 Sutter' Street, Above Kearny.
Woodmen of the .World.
Last week Redwood Circle ' of ' the
"Women of •"¦ Woodcraft ".' had a , largely
attended meeting 1 at which . on© stranger
•was conducted through the forest of
woodcraft to learn Its mysteries. It waa
announced that a guardian had • finally
been secured for the children of the late
Mrs. Foley and -that 'at the proper time
the beneficiary certificate -would be turn-
ed over to ' him for the benefit of the
children. ;
The presentation . of a banner to this
circle last week/ aa already -noted in- Thu
Call's local columns, was attended, by
a . lame number of the members of the
order. The. : presentor, Neighbor ; W. G.«
Bchweinhard, in choice j language gave a
history of: tha contest that resulted in the'
award of 'a silk American 'flag to Califor-
nia Circle and of the Subsequent procur-
ing of the banner for Redwood Circle. He
concluded by expressing the hope ¦ that It
may always be what the gift implies— the
banner circle.: The reply of Mrs. Mar-
garet Wilder, the guardian neighbor, was
a model of appreciative brevity: There
was a good programme of , entertainment
duringjthe, evening, and then dancing.
A< new, "camp - of the - Woodmen of the
World ir now, being organized in this city
by Dr.2EV : BV< Lord and J. E. SHnkey. -It
is ¦ to- bejUbe'beneficial feature of . the So-
ciety of Oid'Friends, and it will be known
as .theipld .Friends' Camp., Dr. : , Lord; has
been'Selected'asthp medical examiner for
the new organization. • 7 _ .- *
SLOT MACHINES. _^
BOUGHT and eold; new and second-hand; larg*
display: very cheap. 11C7 Market. bet. 7th & 8th.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— By single man, room and board
private family Western , Addition, north of
Jackson et.; state terms. Box 476, Call office.
ALLETT— In this city. December 8, . 1300. Wil-
liam Henry, beloved husband of Lizzie A.
Alley, father of Octavia Alley and Mrs. Harry
Carr, and brother of Mrs. N. Macomber, a
native of Boothbay, Me., aged 76 years 6
months and 29 days.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge. No.
1, I. O. O. F. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at the funeral parlors of Bun-
ker & Lunt, 2666 Mission Btreet, Mission Ma-
sonic Temple.
ANDRADE— Lulsa Ocegnera de Andrade, dear-
ly beloved wife of Gulllermo Andrade. beloved
mother of Carmen Banuet. Edward and Al-
bert Andrade, Mrs. Dudley Tait. Mrs. W. C.
Tait and Mercedes Andrade. a native of
Guaymas, Mexico.
E7 Notice of funeral later.
BAXTER— In Riverside, December 3. 1900,
George C. Baxter, beloved father of Mrs. E.
K. StrobridKe, and brother of Mrs. Laura
Brown, a native of New York, aged 70 years
1 month and 2 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
December 7, at 10 o'clock, from the Congre-
gational Church, Haywards, Alameda County.
Interment San Lorenzo Cemetery.
BOLAND— In this city, December 3, 1900, Mlch-
aei Boland, a native of Ireland, aged 55 years.
(EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. \
BROWN— In Wrights, Cal., December 3, 1900,
Helen Ruth, beloved wife of Mantln A.
Brown, and mother of Newlouia. Elisabeth
and I»heb# Valentine Brown, a native of
Ix>ndon, England, aged 31 years and 2
months.
CARTER— In this city, December 4, 1900, Smith
P., beloved husband of the late Josephine
Carter, and father of Charles. Frank, Ella
and Louise Carter and Mrs. M. Hennessey, a
native of Amberst, Va., aged 84 yean* and 2
months.
COSTAOUTA— In this city, December 4. 1900,
Aurella Costaguta, a native of Italy, aged 35
years 6 months and 9 days. •
FEENEY— In San Diego, Cal., November 80,
1900, Martin, brother of Malachl Feeney, a
native of Two-mile Dljch. parish of Castle-
gar. County Oalway, -Ireland, aged E8 years.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral , this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to Holy Cross Cemetery, via 11:30
o'clock train from Fourth and Townsend
streets. ' . •
FORBES— In this dty, December 3, 1900, Robert
C. Forbes, brother of Miss E. - D. Forbes, a
native of Scotland, aged S3 years.
C7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at N.
W. Leltch's parlors, corner Eighth street and
Broadway, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
GAGE— In Berkeley, Deoember S. 1800, John
William, beloved husband of Mrs. Annie E.
Gage, a native of Bandy Point, Me., aged
66 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintance* . are respect*
fully Invited to attend - the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), , at- 1 o'clock, at his
late residence. 14a Arch street, Berkeley. In-
terment private. , , ,
HANLET— In this city, December 4. 1300, Mar-
caret, dearly beloved wife of John J. Hanley,
mother of Willie and Margaret Hanley and
the' late John. Julia, Elizabeth and Mary
Hanley, and sister of Mrs. W. A. SutcllSe. a
native of Shropshire. England, aged 82 years
and 11 months. (Vallejo papers please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her 'late resi-
dence, I 89 Rausch street, thence - to Bt. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street," where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
poee of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment : Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAYES-^In this city, December 4. 1900, Brid-
get Hayes, Sister of the late Thomas Hayes,
DIED.
Alley, William H. Kistenmacher. Julius
Andrade, Lulsa O. de Klelnschmidt. ! Hen-
Baxter. Geonte C. rich F. C.
Boland. Michael Kruck. George "W.
Brown. Helen R. Lilly. Frederick F.
Carter, Smith P. O'Nell, Thomaa
Costaguta, Aurella Bchwarzschlld, Louis
Feeney, Martin Seaburg. Pierre G.
Forbes, Robert C. Sullivan. Thomas
Gage, John W. Tice. Eben P.
Hanley, Margaret Walsh, James J.
Hayes. Bridget Walsh. William H.
Hlckling, Charles A. Webb. Richard
Hlrschfeld. Walter Wray, Theresa M.
Hlrt. Albert
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN. 422, near Third— Two large upper
unfurnished rooms; rant ft. s
CASTRO, 429, nr. 17th..— Rear, 1 nice sunny
rooms; large chicken yard; stable.
CHESTNUT. 293— Furnished rooms for houss-
keeping; fin* view; sunny corner building.
ELLIS. 1127— Nicely furnished alcove room with
grate and running -water; housekeeping.
ELLIS. 725 — 3 connecting rooms; complete for
housekpg for man and wife; no children; $12.
FIFTH, 84S— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
HYDE, 40S— Sunny suite, housekeeping, suit-
able for 3, $20; rear suites, yard, laundry, $13.
MARKET, nr. Mason— Larce room and kit-
chen, folding bed, gas. J10. Call 242 Kearny st.
OAK, 119—2 sunny parlors, furnished for house-
keeping-; range, yard, 2 beds; $14.
OCTAVIA, 140S, cor. Geary— One or two large
sunny, bay window; mantel gas burners.
TURK, 117— Large tunny room for a couple;
ttove; $10 a month. - • -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
MLABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday : x
William M. Cununings, XS. Alameda, and
Lola I. Bherly. 19, Alameda. .
Nicholas Brausch, 83, 1239 Stockton street,
and Eugenie Nourigat, J7. 1289 Stockton street.
Frederic "W. Kelley. 48. 202S Green street, and
Clarice A. Moes. 25, 1905 Pacific avenue.*
Harry Franzen. 31, 231 Bills street, and Emma
M. Dlttes, 23, 1505 Fillmore street.
Alvlnas J. Began, 25, 553 Third street, and
Hilda C. Llebenberg, 20, corner Jones and Sut-
Allan Johnson. 25. 2824 Mission street. [ an1
Annie Olson, 24, 2115 Greenwich street.
Galtano Arsrullo, SO, 822<4 Vallejo street, and
Maria Tenola. 2S, 822H Vallejo street.
¦ Armand A. Solomon. 27. 4050 Twenty-fourth
street, and Sarah Newfleld. 25. 1116 Ellis street.
Christian Melskov, 25, 11 Langton street, and
Maud M. Davis, 2L 536 Fulton street.
Edward M. Jones, 25. 3505 Devlsadero etreet,
and Susie M. Smith. 22. Corte Madera.
ROOMS TO LET Kara, and I'nfnrn.
MARKET, 1055. above shoe shop — Clean sunny
rooms, double and single; come and see them.
McCLELLAND, 200 Turk st.— Changed hands;
tiewly renovated; all rooms facing either
Turk or Jones rt. ; rent reasonable.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
PAYING chicken business; chance for a quick
sale. E. E. BUNCE. 852 Broadway. Oakland.
IXEGAXT lots sacrificed. 11500; cost $3000- 119x
ISO; fronts Frultvale ave. S00— Cost $800' 60x
1T0: adjoins Fruitvale ave. LAYMANCH
REAL ESTATE CO., 460-462 8th St.. Oakland.
$S5M. S3S0O. I3S00.
NEW MODERN HOUSE.
• lot 30x134 feet. : ;"«'
TELEGRAPH AVE.
For permission to Inspect premises apply
A. J. SNYDER * co*.
467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKUM) REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEPA ROOMS WANTED.
ELDERLY gentleman wishes room and board,
private, quiet family. Alameda or Oakland.
• Address Box C21. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
MONSTER COMBINATION
AUCTION SALE
— OF—
One-Fourth Cash; Balance on Mort*
gage at 6 per cent,
Wednesday, December 12, I9?9 f
AXD
Thnrsday, December 13, 1930
At 12 O'Clock Noon,
I WILX OFFER AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
¦ ¦¦¦'¦AT
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL.
*" 223 Sutter Street,
By order of the Board of Directors of
. THE HIBEBNIA SAVINGS AJSTD
LOAN SOCIETY.
TUe following choice parcels of city realty, im-
proved and unlmproYed. Snd situate down to-*-n.
in the Western Addition and Mission district*.
BATTEHY AXD MERCHANT STS.
' " I _ Northwest . corner cf
. f £ Battery and Merchant.
2( 5 This flno corner -*Uii a
9?-g afg fftiall expenditure can
r> "¦- ! << be rerted for. Jt^O per
P£L Merchant. : ironth. The present Im-
provements are a substantial thr^e-story an'l
basement brick. Pre'ent rents, with ov«r half
•the premises vacant. $1S0.
GOUCH AM) F1LBSRT STS. / '*•'.'
.1 XortheaFt corcer of
« « Gcjsh and Filbert ats.:
a j S ' . ctsrr.er Improv-c! w'.th
Si ,_ frame dwelllr? of twa
Oi _ — 1«^ » flats; present rents rJO.
Filbert.
FOPRTEEXTH AXD STEVEXSON ST3.
• • . t Jj Northwest corner cf
j. Fourteenth and Btevpn-
-i p son sts.. only 105 fe«t
°|3 east from Valencia st.;
rr ! a In the heart of a grow-
i2z l=» ing district. As a who 1 .*
Fourteenth. or In subdivision*,
. ELIZABETH ST.. XEAR CASTT.O.
' f ' I
A - -|H Elizabeth Bt.. 103 fe«A
£ ' . . * *" *i east from Castro; \hr<>«
2 I "hoice building lots.
Q . 2i 23 >• ' T "^ •'' *'" so '^ as a w: " 10 '-*
'"" jpj j j w j" > ! or in subdivisions.
Elizabeth.
JtARXET ST.
g This is a piece of
j= % property with a future.
2 »*;», The Improvements con-
d ' slst of 12 flats. US0 la
00 113-8. ' 75 2430^ Market »t., rent-
¦> ' ing for flCj.
¦ Market.
twt:ntieth st., near castro
• Twentieth.
*>• **• 35. 41I5 Twentieth St.. bet.
Castzx> and Xoe. Theso
M . ¦ ¦ * three modern dweli-
S § g jt ingrs of 8 rooms .in1
• * . • . ' bath each will be soi4
separately. Each hov.sa
I - is now rented for $20.
SHIPLEY ST.. NEAR SIXTH.
' •-¦'- Shipley.
ijj g~ Xo. 281 Shipley «t..
• . bet. Fifth and Sixth;
,jj . Improvements consist
" of a front butldlns rt
2 a three stories and rear
. of two stories; renta
'< I-- 1 $27 B0.
. MISSION ST.. NEAR MXETEEXTH.
Nineteenth. « - t'** '.
" No. SIT Mlsston It..
J — ' bet. Nineteenth and
e i g Twentieth. Improvc-
S • ment3. a good two-
3 ¦ Btory frame bulldln*.
3 ~Z ir2-fl consisting of a store
¦? g ™ • and two fiats; rents $00.
VALENCIA ST.
' Fourteenth.
,7Z ' East side af Vilsnela
* 8 St., 300 feet south of
b : Fourteenth. Will b«
5 - sold as a whole or in
.¦3 — subdivtslona. ThU is &
t> S good buy and will la-
1 IWfc crease In value.
GROVE ST., NEAR GOUGH.
— — Nos. 406 and «C*
Grove st. This prop-
1 Oerty is located but Tour
5 blocks west from th«
g • « City Hall. Improve-
•^ Pments consist of t
dwellings of • rooms
SO 83;g. each, renting for $44.
Grove.
NINETEENTH ST.. NEAR GUERRERO.
\ 103:t . Nos. S614 to »«!:»
1 \ ' k Nineteenth Bt.. bet.
\ -j * ¦ Guerrero and Dolores.
Va • o Improvements occuov
\f • g only 45 feet' front and
M'SPSl 3 consist of 4 flat*. For
\ If ¦ 3 factory purposes cr a
\ 3 batlniss requiring
\ ' C ' (rroun* space this is »
\--, ** desirable site. Rents
BROADWAt. NEAR STOCKTON ST.
to.
I« - Nos. 710 to n J Broarf.
T?v ,",'•• r- way, bet. Stockton and
. • . . ' g- Powell sts. Improve-
1 ."•-i-'»j " |r5 raents consist of brtcic
I " ' j: stable building and 3
JO. -5 n v 2 frame dwellings. Rents
1 ' ? $120 50.
7» 83:».
Broadway.
WASHINGTON ST., NEAR CENTRAL AVB.
Washington.
~ — 117-11 i No. SS13 Washington
su.iw. u«.u. 8t . This beautiral lot
£ overlooks the Presidio
a reservation and tha
1 2 Bay of Saa Ftoncisco.
3t c. The lmprovenjents con-
: f> sist of a modern 1>-
j; " "> room dwellins; In flrst-
<-" 5 class condition, rent-
. * te{ for $40.
VALENCIA ST.. NEAR TWENTY-THIRD.
- : Twenty-third.
\ Nos. 1309 to 1221 Va-
A lencia st. This property
, a -, ' will commend itself to
£ : — • 53 Investors. It !s now
c *50- g P business property and
,* lza ' 2 will be more so In flvo
S<=. 1 ™ years. It rents for JTC
> 3 r Bart!ett-«t. lot Will b«
sold separate.
130.
VALENCIA ST., NEAR NINETEENTH.
< No. 823 Valencia st.
1 This Is a business ror-
p S n « r. I m provement j
2 consist of a good t«
¦-—'*¦ ¦ p story and basement
10O. building; rents $43.
- Cumberland.
CASTRO ST.. NEAR MARKET.
Southwest corner at
. as Castro and States sts.
g C Street work all done
"¦• J and stone stdewalk.
a Only US feet froza
' Market st
¦ 23. as. «. «:«. ., t
Castro.
1 ' EIGHTEENTH ST.. NEAR CASTRCX
3 No. 4117 Eighteentl*
— — — — — 9. St., bet. Castro and
« ,. 8 ; Oolllngwood. Good :•
75 - I story frame dwelling
2. of six roc:ni
?
B. P. OLIVER,
Beal Estate Agent and Auctloaeer,
114 Montgomery Stre«i»
¦
MONSTER COMBINATION
AUCTION SALE
-OF-
" Without Reserve," "No Ifs." "No
Confirmations by Any Court,"
"An Absolute Sale,"-
• , ¦ -' — ON—
Wednesday, December 12, 1900
t At liT'M. Sharp,
I WILL OFFER AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
Without Reserve, at
SHERMAN SCLAV'S HALL,
223 Sutter Street,
By order of the Trustees of the Estate
of EUGENE KELI.Y of
Nevr York,
Their entire real estate' holdings in the city
and county of San Franc'rco. comprising a list
of aa choice property as has ever been effered
ot auction for the past twenty years. It Is
income producing, well rented and every piece
has a future, and with one exception It all faces
on accepted streets. The buildings on the Im-
proved property, are in first-class condition and
the best of repair. The tenants could be no
tatter.
Remember, the sale is without re-
serve. No "ifs," no "subject to own-
ers' approval," no "confirmation by
the Probate Court." It is an absolute
sale to the highest bidder for United
State's gold coin.
Remember, it is all corner property.
SANSOME AND SACRAMENTO 8T3.
• Land assessed for
, • Jnjv w 114,000; Improvements
„ ' S assessed for $14,250; ln-
£ " j[ surance, $20,259; pre-
« :<$ S £ mlum. $83 05; north-
109 jj> west corner of Sancoma
¦ ' and Sacramento streets.
Sacramento. The Improvements on.
this property consist of a first-class brick
building, renting for $2S0 per month ; no lease.
SANSOME AND COMMERCIAL STS.
Land assessed for
Commercial. $20,250; improvements
- r v gjTg I Sp assessed for S13.CC0; ln-
5 Buranee, $17,600; prem..
3 g $115 £0; southwest cor-
S 3 ner of Sansome and
g2;j ». Commercial streets.
1 This is a particularly
fine investment, The building is stout and-
substantial, with extra heavy brick walls, built
to last a century. The total rents ara $325 per
month. The store, 409 Sansome, rents for $50;
the store, 413 and 415 Sansome. for $150. and the
upper part (the.Coso House) for $125; no leases.
MONTGOMERY AND SACRAMENTO STS.
j; Land . assessed \ for
£ Sacramento, $30,000; Improvements
c 53T9 1 assessed for $18,600;. ln-
o ' surance, $20,000; prem.,
5-, »i %¦<¦"•; southeast corner
c of Montgomery and
S eg -a Sacramento streets.
« ! ' '¦ . This corner was for-
merly • occupied by the Donohoe- Kelly Banking
Company. The Improvements consist of one
of the most substantial five-story brick build-
Ings in the city. Alvlnza Hay ward' a magnifi-
cent eleven-story office building- is in the same
block, only 150 feet distant. The basement and
first story are leased to July 1. 1303, for $223
per month. The upper floors bring only the
nominal 'rent of $11$. At a small expenditure
in modernizing the upper part this rent could
be doubUd.
FILLMORE.
I 137:6 137 :• Y "W; A, BLOCK 805.
60-vara lot 1, assessed
for $10,800.
60-vara lot 2, assessed
for $3000.
E £• ?; 60-vara lot 8, assessed
¦3 S St 4 "for $11,470.
'A e> a, 60-vara lot 4, assessed
for $11,020.
60-vara lot 5, assessed
137:8 137:1 for $3W>.
_ 50-vara lot 6, assessed
ii 3 f°r $10,670.
P - -This , block Is leased
5 u " E> -as a whole to March 1,
P 2 * 2 • 2 'I 302 ' at f 375 P* r month.
. Improvements belong
to the lessor and can
' '. be removed by her
at ¦ the termination ot
127:6 137:8 - lease. If the block is
not . sold aa & whole.
m fcj' ' /VVi but in 60-vara subdl-
" 1 £J 8 £3 visions, the purchaser
£ m . ii ol each 50-vara will be
entitled to one-sixth of
.the monthly rent of
the entire block during
137:8 137:6 the term of the lease.
1 tv-frsterI At the expiration of
-WEK.11SK. the lease the purchaser
can enter into 'possession of the land.
This block of land Is destined to become on*
o* the most valuable in the Western Addition,
fronting, as it does, on Flllmore and Turk
1 streets and being the most important transfer
j point north of Market street. It is how nearly J
entirely occupied for business purposes, and in
ten years will pay 4 per cent" net on ?2SO.OCO. It
Is one of the few remaining .whole blocks in
thb heart of the Western Addition, an4 Its
possibilities are very great, eltner for business
purposes, pleasure rrounds or as . a church,
school or recreation center.
,y BEALB AND BRYANT STS.
- Land assessed for
r irj.j " $31,500; Improvements
' , m belong to tenant ;north-
v. ~1 ¦ e » west . corner of Beale
R ; •>ViT £ "-nd Bryant streets.
187-fl ¦ "'• "• P T 01 ' grand corner, con-
I ¦ ¦ r- — 7T- 1 slstlng of two 60-vara
Bryant. 9; • lots, has * the greatest
future of any property;ln San Francisco. Fac-
ing the water front,- 'across - the street from
the Santa Pe depot, and graded out of solid
reck it presents a chance for investment that
Ii seldom offered at public or private sale.
There is a lease on the property expiring Feb-
ruary 1, 1912. The rent up to February 1, 1902.
Is $200 per month, for the next five years $230
per month and for'the balance of the term $300
p6r month. During- the life of this lease the
value of the property will increase at least at
th« rate of 6 per cent per year, and more likely
at the rate of 10 per cent.
CTLLMORB. W." A.' BLOCK' 895.
«7:«l«7:6 27:6 tT:i|n:« aisled u7^m°^
Provements assessed for
g S S o S * 130 °: the »ots facing
g « a a 5 Eddy and .'Webster
streets are * most ad-
J. . vantag-eously situated
?. 137:« 137 :« f. for residence purposes :
g . 8 either dwellings or
« 1S7-6 ml — «» fla . t8 \ to* 10 *- <»ly tea
., iBi.s ut.t .-minutes' ride from
2 *¦ Market and - Powel 1
,_• f. 137:« 137:6 ¦ » streets, and In the lm-
g 8 ' - .* 33 mediate neighborhood
a » 117 -s — ' H7.«t — v ot , Primary, grammar
w » 137.* 137.6 and high schools; Tha
C 3 ; ~ lots facing Fillmore
£ » 137:6 137:8 . <f» street are business
ip ss propositions, as the
W ¦£———— • only two ¦ bnslnegs
P <p. !*»!• 187:< ?¦ streets in the 'Western
p 8 , _« Addition are FlHmore
" «j 137-8 137:6 • and Devlsadero. Land
S 137>0 £ fronting on Flllmore
** ft! street In this location
f. 137 :« .137:6 "ft'sold 13 years ago for
8 - S liiW per front foot, ln-
¦ . side lots. Keep In mind
that the lots are extra
5 e 2 SS wide, having 27:6 front.
e *> o g 3 and are especially
adapted to 3-flat dwell-
27:* K-6 »7-C t7*« 27-C I"**"- There is a two-
WEBSTER. on the northwest cor-
ner of Eddy and Web-
iter streets, renting for $20 per month. .
. SPEAR AND HOWARD • ST3."
• TTnir«TTi Land assessed for
Howard. $19,250;. Improvements
31:8 , r belong to tenant; south-
_ r v west corner of Spear
£5 . -, S 2 . and , ¦ Howard . streets.
a n 5 ¦ This is a piece of prop-
/»t:S • ert y tha -t has been eag-
*— -j ' ¦' exly sought after, and
the owners have time and again been asked to
put a price on it. It 1« in the heart of what
Is rapidly becoming the wholesale district of th«
city. All the large real estate transactions of
the post year have been in the vicinity, and
the surrounding property is . now rumored . to
belong to the Santa' Fe or Southern Paciflo
companies. Present rental, $S5 per month; no
lease. . .
. The water rates are all paid by the tenant*
where not ¦ mentioned. Any further particulars
or Information will be gladly furnished at the
of flea of •. '. .••. . >' ', - ;
B. P. &LIVEB,
: Beal - Estate ' Agent and Auctioneer,
i 114 Montgomery Street.
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13. 320 Sansome st..
¦ San Francisco. Cal., up to 10:80 o'clock a. m..
SATURDAY, December 8, 1S00, and opened
Immediately thereat ter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and -delivering Quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle), for six months commencing
Janury 1. 1901, and ending June 30, 1901. 8ched-*
ules with information and instructions for
submitting bids will be furnished upon appli-
cation by the undersigned. Bidders will care-
fully follow . the conditions of the . schedules,
and no bid will be considered unless It is In
accordance with such schedules. Each bidder
must accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well-known and responsible bank-
Ing house for at least. 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLB, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 18, 820 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order- of the Board of Direc-
tors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for muslin— Depot Quartermas-
ter's Office, 86 New Montgomery st, Ban Fran-"
Cisco. Cal., December 3, U>{)0--Seal#d propo-
sals, in triplicate, will be received at this of-
fice until 11 o'clock a. m;,, Friday. Deoember
14. 1900. and then opened, ror furnishing 27,600
yards muslin. Preference will be given to ar-
ticles of domestic production and manufac-
ture,- conditions ot price and quality being
equal (including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
end such preference will be given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent of
the: consumption required by the public serv-
ice there. The United States reserves the'
right to accept or reject any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on application, j
Envelopes containing proposals .will bo In-
dorsed: "Proposals No. 10143" and addressed,
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG. Quartermaster,
U. S. Vols., Depot Quartermaster. - ,-
RISAI, ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
NEW r»ttage. 6 rms.. bath; lot 50x100; Mission;
rental terra*: and vacant lots. 41J Kearny st.
12 o'clock noon.
THE TWO FOLLOWING PROPERTIES
MUST BE SOLO
By order cf the owner, who is an absentee:
No. 1
8. E- cor. Dapont and Green sts.; Imprcve-
:•-•!• consist of brick and frame buildings
coatalnlcg * stores and 10 tenements; rents
CC7.60 per month, which can be improved with
little outlay. Lot CS:3 by 82:6.
No. 3
Marparette Place, rear 4S3 Green et.; lm-
froveroents consist of 2 tenements of 3 rooms
raefc: rmtj S3 per month ; this Includes alley-
way ?H f**t wide leading from Green st.
. - CORNER NEAR FEHKY DEPOT
E. E. cor. Drumm and Commercial ets.; Im-
provements conrtst cf 2 stores and dwelling;
rents low at tK> per month; one block from
Market et. and ferries. Terms cash above
back mortgage of {12.000.
HOWARD STREET BUSINESS
PROPERTY
1116-U1S Howard 6t., N. Una, near 7th St.,
tmly one block from new postoOce; Improve-
ments consist of store with 6 rooms and lodg-
ing hou»e of IS rooms; rents US per month.
Lot 3 by M.
M. B. BTTTRGES ESTATE
Executor's Bale. '
1T0C Fell et.. if. W. cor. Masonio ave.: bay
window residence of S rooms and bath; cement
«.-aik; both streets bituminlzed and accepted;
this iseeiraole corner is located In one cf the
choicest residence district* and overlooks the
Fwk Panhandle. Lot tS by 100. Subject to
eor^irmatlon by the court.
fTOCKTON STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY
fjiC Stockton Et-. W line, between Sacramento
¦nd Clay stB. ; Improvements consist of 1-story
iranie building: rents K5 per month; this prop-
erty properly Improved can be mad* to yield
handsomely. Lot 40 by 193:6. irregular, to
rimwrr Place.
FORECLOSURE SALES.
No. 1
Folsoa St., E- line, near 21st; 2 choloa build-
;-g iota, level and ready for building; street
1 .'uminlred and accepted. Lots 23 by 95 each.
No. t
"457 Folsom et.. E. line, near Slst St.; Im-
provements consist of stable, with flat above
cf 6 rooms and bath; street bltuminited and
accepted. Lot IS by 95.
CLEMENTINA STREET INVESTMENT
Partition Sale.
446-446H Clementina et. X. line, between Eta
a"d • : h sts.; Improvements consist ot store and
8"rooms, with 2 tenements cf 4 rooms each;
rents $34 per month. Lot 20 by 70.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE LOT.
Golden Gate ave., N- line, near Central ave.;
eooice building lot IS by 100.
NORA BEDELL ESTATE
Executrix Sale.
¦ S70-572 Lexington ave.. W. line, near 10th St.;
i bay window Cats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each: rents SIS per month. Lot 25 by 80. Sub-
ject to confirmation by the court.
• ¦ • JONES STREET INVESTMENT.
: 1513- ZS13\% Jones et.. W. line, near Pacific; 2
flay; of 7 and 5 rooms each; rents tZl per
xaemh; lot £0 by £2:4.
¦ For further particulars arp'.y to our offloe.
:;.;-.: G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
BALDWIN & HOVTELL.
¦• ¦•• io Moatcomery st.
4>730O— Fulton St.. near Laguna; two houses of
6 rooms, bath and basement each, and 3
flats In the rear on the Email street: rent
' = ' . »C; lot Z!:€xl20.
tvm— Jessie St.. near Fifth; three-story frams
- : : building of store below and two fjoors
... . ' above of S rooms; rent $50; lot 23x70.
$:fl00— Gulden Gate ave., near Lvoa St.; two
fiats of 6 rooms ar.d bath each; rent
tii 60; lot 15x127:6.
JMW- Green rt.. near Gougrh: fine residence of
* rooms and bath, laumlry. etc.; lot 26:6
X137:6.
j<650— Herrcarm st.. near Flllmore: two two-
story bay-window houses of 5 rooms and
bath each; rents $40; lot 25x120 to rear
.; • ' ' fctret-t.
[$': I 'so-Chestnut St., near Powell: two-itory
• ¦ .. house of 7 rooms and bath, and two flat*
of ' 4 rooms each; rents $43 50; lot 2sx
127:6.
$4200— Buchanan St., near Halgbt; two-story
;•; - - bouse of S rooms and bath.
J33SO— finmner St.. near Howard; three flats con-
taining a, 4 and E rooms; rents $35.
tSSOb— Folsom 6t., near Third; two-story frame
house of etore and 2 rooms briow; flat
above of * rooms; rents $30.
$2250— RJtch St.. near Tcrrmsend: flve flats; rents
$42 tO; lot 22:11x80 to email street.
f3000— Baker St., sear Golden Gate ave.; good
cottage of 9 rooms and bath; lot 27:CxllO.
t2£M — Jones rt.: house of ( rooms and bath;
Cue marine view; near Union-st. cars.
J1S59— Heron St., corner, near Folsom and ?th
sts. ; two-etory frane house In Jour tene-
ments; rents J72 10.
$1250— Twenty-flrst «t-. near Church: good bouM
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25:11x114.
BCILDINO LOT. ¦
TWENTT-FTVU DOLLARS CASH.
Price $260; oaly $25 cash, balance small
monthly payments ; a eplendid opportunity to
coir:menc« and secure a future home.
GLEN PARK TERRACE
Half a block from electric cars; only 25 min-
ute* from City Hall; maps and full particulars
at office. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery et.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
Rare chance for home-builders and la-
vestment seekers.
Choicest building lots on very «asy
jjayments; on the H-st. electric
care and fronting Golden Gate
Park and the new 19th-
ave. boulevard.
Lots and streets on official grades;
macadamized: plank sidewalks,
e&a and water service.
Low prices — bound > to Increase tn
• TOUR OWN TERMS. INTEREST
ONLY FIX PER CENT.
MONEY ADVANCED FOR BUILDING
PURPOSES.
The better class tit residences it Sun-
eet District are now being occu-
pied and constructed en the
new IS*h-avenue bou-
levard.
Call at one* at our brar.cb office
(open week days. Sundays and boli-
' • daye), corner H et. and S)th ave.. couth
cf Golden Gate Park, and ask to be
eho»n these beauUful lots. Full par-
ticulars and price lists also at our
effioe.
BALD-KIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery et. *
•T. P. RIORDAN, REAL ESTATE AGENT^
€H Market ft.. Room S.
$3.500— 60x127:6; west side of Larkin at., near
Union; bitumlclzed; grand view; must
be fold; make oiler.
$36,000— Fine large corner, fronting three streets,
with Improvements; near City Hall; fine
investment; part cash, balance on C per
cent mortgage.
$11,100— *0x7S feet: fine improved corner; south
of Market et.. with fine improvements;
always rented; $127S yearly; bargain.
$6,000— 25xS0 feet: north side of Minna 6t.. b*>t.
Cth and Cth, with good Impt*. ; rents $:*;
this Is a good speculation.
$:i,OT0 — Beautiful corner residence of II rooms
and all modern Improvements; fin* lo-
cation; twat bargain offered In the city.
$25.900— Fine Investment on Mason et., near
O'Farrell; Improved.
tJ7,KK>— Fine improved business ocrner, paying
I have several f.ne corners south of
V&rket St.: good Investments; pa-ring
well: tieat bargains. n
r:i,K>0— Kxl20; Bath et., near Polk; with p^sod
Improvements; yjust be eold; bargain.
Call and see me if yoa want to sell or buy.
¦• T. P. RIORDAN. 632 Market st.
AN INVESTMENT. ~*~~ ~
a'home. , : . t "
¦A BPECULATIO-f,
f' ; ';.-* '¦'¦> '
Tf yoo -want either of the above (one. of three!
attend auction to be held December 12 at 12
socn at Sherman * Clay's Hall. 22J Sutter st.
This will be a chance to secure a bargain that
you cannot afford to mis*. No such list of
property has been offered In 10 years.
IT IS A SALE WITHOUT RESERVE.
fiee auction ad In this paper or call at my
office for catalogue and partlculan.
B. P. OLIVER,
BEAL ESTATE AGENT AND AUCTIONEER.
14 MONTGOMERY BT.
HODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans aad
e*tlir.atfs fumlrheu. Campbell. 1K7 Mission.
JIKAL ESTATK—CODBTTRY— • For_S*lo.
A CHEAP littl* rancb of »0 aerea, near rail-
road town, Alameda County: house, barn,
' poultry bouses, plenty of rood water. Get
T'SJtlculaJB of this. H. H. CBANE. 60S Calif.
CHr.AP little home in town. Alameda County;
.extensive poultry boucea and yards; bouse for
.;inoo pigecne; real estate, personal property;
alt for f700. Call 608 California St., room 2.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the 3000 ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
a'l other agents In dty; state what's wanted.
IC. P. SICK ELS, the Land Agent. < Peary »t.
FOR sale— In 6ant* Clara Valley. 13 acres
cholc* strawberry land, with flowing welL
Address box I. I** Gatos, Cal.
C H. CMBSEN & CO..
. 14 MONTGOMERY ETREET.
tnCTlON
UCT1OK
AUCTION
AUCTION
: . ¦'• - AUCTION-
AUCTION
/tour salesroom, Mcnday, December 10th. at
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES. /„
iT "tT FENN anO^IBRMAN WINNER,' both "of
the City. and County of San Francisco, have
this day' joined themselves in a copartnership
under the firm name and style of FENN 4
WINNER MFG. CO. Nov 10, 1900.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st-. sells and
exchanges farms, city property: printed lists.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from hl-i late resi-
dence, 2242 Howard street, near Nineteenth
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elea-
tric funeral car from corner of Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 1:30 o'clock.
WRAT— In this city, December 4, 1900, Theresa
Mary, beloved wife of S. Wray, and mother
of Irene and Ernest Wray, a native of Eng-
land, aged SI years 8 months and 8 days.
Bry Notice of funeral In Thursday morning's
papers. -
ipr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 249 Dore street, between
Harrison and Bryant, Ninth and Tenth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street,
between Howard and Folsom. where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WEBB— In this city, December 2. 1900, Richard
beloved husband of Jane Webb, father o'
Richard H. Webb, Mrs. Joseph Gerrans and
William Webb, brother of Sampson Webb
and-grandfather of Joseph R. and Minnie j'
Gerrans and William and Minnie Webb a
native of England, aged 74 years 6 months
and 12 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday^, at 11 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-
llrst. Interment' Laurel Hill Cemetery. -
WALSH— In this city, December 2. 1900, . James
J. WalBh, beloved father of Edward Walsh,
son of Catherine and the late James Walsh,
and brother of Joseph, Frank and Emily
Walsh, Mrs. M. Rottanzi and Mrs. Flora
Shannon, a native of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged
34 years.
£*?• Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:S0 o'clock, from his late
residence, 695 Hayes street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and FUlmore
streets, wh«re a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross,
Cemeterr. • * • ,-'
WALSH— In this city, December 8, 1900. Wil-
llanj H., eldest and beloved son of- Johanna
and the late "Patrick Walsh, and brother 1 of
Charles," John and Grace Walsh and Mrs. K.
Asmussen, a native of Rochester, N. Y., aged
23 years 8 months and 20 days.
• »nd aunt ' of -i Michael ; and Mary ;; Stack and
' Mrs. J. ?, Lane of • Sacramento. ± a native of
' Klnneigh. Cahlrclveen, County Kerry,' Ire-
¦ land, aged 63 years. .-._:'¦'
; ' : (r7*Remalns at the parlors of J, C.~ O'Con-
nor & Co., 787 Mission street. .
HICKLINO-In thts ; city, December 2. 1900,
Charles A. Hickllng, a native of England.
ated 2? years. r
Byrne, funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from tfie parlors
Of -3. C. O'Connor ;& Co.. 767 Mission street,
. tnonoe to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem mass' will be celebrated -for the repose
of his bouI, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' ,
HIRSCHFT3LD— In this city. December 4. 1900.
Walter, beloved husband of Llllle Hlrschfeld
and father of Herold Hlrechfeld. a native of
¦ London, England, aged 36 years.
HIRT— In this city, December 4. 1900. Albert
¦Hlrt. dearly beloved husband of Catharlna
. Hlrt, and beloved father of Conrad. Casper
and Dora Hlrt and Francisca Menz«l of- In-
dianapolis, Ind., a native - of , Wellerabach,
Amt Vlllingen, Baden, Germany, aged 55 years
11 months, and 20 days. ..
KLEINSCHMII>T— In Alameda. November ¦ 30,
¦ 1900, Hen rich F. C. beloved husband of Mrs.'
H. F."C. ; Klelnschmidt,*- and father of Mrs.' P.
J. Nelson of Maple Creek, Canada, Miss Ella
Klelnschmidt of Alameda. Mr. - H. F. A.
Kleinschmidt of . Johnstown. - Pa., and Mrs.
A. F. W. Dellus of Alameda, a native of Oer-
many. aged 68 years 4 months .and 27 days.
(St. .Lonls, Mo., and Helena. Mont., papers
please copy.) .
JCTTrlends and acquaintances are respect -
•fully invited to attend ¦ the- funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of A. F. W. Delius, 918 Lafayette street. In-
terment "Mountain View Cemetery.,
KISTENMACHER-In:San Rafael, . December
2. 1900, Julius, dearly beloved son -of Fred-
erlcka Klstenmacher, ¦ and brother of Henry
and Fred Klstenmacher, a native of Schles-
wlg, Oermany. aged 27 years 2 months and 14
. daya. A member of the Harmonlo Singing
Society. '
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at/ 2 o'clock, from the funeral
,' parlors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street,
near Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KRUCK— In this city, December 4, 1900, George
a W. Kruck, a native of Ohio, aged 1 75 years.
'LILLY- In this city. December- 3. 1900, Fred-
erick F.. beloved son of Henry and Elizabeth
Lilly, and brother'of Henry R. Lilly, a na-»
tive of New, York, aged 21 years 2 months
and 29 ; days. :, .
O'NEIL— In this city," December 4. 1900, at his
residence. 713 Oak street. Thomas, beloved
husband of Georgie A., O'Nell. and brother of
1 James. John and Dennis J. O'Nell and Mrs.
• I Mary Delany, a native of County Wlcklow,
Ireland, aged 54 years, vv
ECHWARZSCHILD— In this city. December 3,
1900. Louis, beloved husband of Amalla
Schwarzschtld, and father 1 of Mrs. Maurice
Hellman of Los Angeles. Mrs. Gus Harris of
, Olympla, Waph.. and Leontlne, Adele and
Florence Schwarzschlld. a native of Frank-
f ort-on-the-Maln, Germany, aged 69 years 4
months and 23 days. (Los Angeles, Cal..
Olympla, Wash., and Eastern papers please
copy.) •• ¦ ¦- -¦ ¦ ¦ .
fc7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2015 Buchanan Btreet. Interment Home
¦of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townaend streets. Kindly omit
flowers.
BELA.BURG— In Fresno, December S, 1900, Pierr*
G., beloved son of Charles F. and Marguerite
8eaburg, and brother of Marguerite Hensley,
Mary Peter-sen and Jane Wilke. a native of
Ban Francisco, aged 24 years 6 months and
8 days.
ICyNotlee of funeral hereafter.
BULLIVAN— In this city, December 8, 1900,
Thomas, beloved husband of the lat« Cather-
ine Sullivan, and father of Rev. J. W.,
Thomas and Eugene Sullivan Mrs. John Scott
and Mrs. K. McBride, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 70 years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully mvited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
Etreet, thence to St. Paul's Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9:80 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TICE— In this city, December 2, 1900. Bben
Pearson, beloved husband of May B. Tice,
ar,il Bon of Henry M. and Mary E. Tice, a
native of California, aged 29 years 11 months
and 2 days. • .
HEAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
A— BRUNEWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to fl per night; U 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BUSH, 2iZi — Two connecting unfurnished
rooms; bay-window; sunny side.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
SPECIAL NOTICES.Superior Judge Troutt on- -appeal, and
two others *are now on appeal before
Judge Belcher. The present action is not
brought with a view to obtain any dam
ages, but is simply to recover what we
believe to have, been unlawfully collected
by the express company. Farrell takes
the stand that tho company has no right
to exact the payment of the war tax
from its patrons.
'•The suit brought by Farrell." said At
torney Squires, "is to settle this issue
once and for all. There ha ye been three
judgments obtained against the company
In the Justices' Court, but the cvmpany
has up to this time evaded payment of
damages. One suit, decided by justice of
the Peace Barry, has been affirmed by
The defendant had ho fright to demand the
payment of five, cents in addition to Us regular
tariff rate* lor the service mentioned, and it
well knew that In doing: so It- was charging
plaintiff more than the amount requlri"! by
Its regular lariCT rate and an unreasonable sum
for said service.
plaintiff an additional' sum of 5 cents in
excess of its regular tariff for the service
mrntloned. and. refused to transport the
merchandise or to issue a receipt or bill
of lading for the- same until the sum 'of
."¦ cents had been paid. Karrell protested
against being compelled to pay the ad
ditional sum of 5 cents, but in order to
avoid delay and damage in th«*. carriage
of the merchandise paid the money under
protest. The complaint concludes:
E. M. Farrell, Through His Attorney, George D. Squires,
Sues Express Company for Five Cents.
SEEKS TO RECOVER THE WAR TAX PAID
TO WELLS-FARGO FOR SHIPPING RECEIPT
THOUGHT OF HIS DEBTS
MAKES HIM DESPONDENT
Manager of Radarn's Microbe Killer
Company Commits Suicide.
charge of burglary In $2000 bonds each.
They broke the glass door of a tailor shop
at 18 Mason street Thanksgiving night
and stole a. bolt of cloth, which was found
m their possession -when arrested by
Policemen Burkholder and Wilson.
A bazaar, which is to continue three
evenings, will open ' to-night. All kinds
of good things will be offered for sale,
but there will be.no raffling.
Friday evening between 5 and 7 o'clock
there will be old-time Boston dinner.
Brown' bread and baked beans will be the
main dish. • Mrs. McKay will vouch for
both the beans and the bread.-
The First Christian Church, on Twelfth
street, between Mission and Howard, is
about to appeal to Us friends and the
public.
Plenty to Buy and Sell.
BAZAAR FOR FIRST
' CHRISTIAN CHURCH
Three Days of Entertainment and
i?1 e ,' *?° were caught fishing in San
Pablo Bay with a small mesh net. have
pleaded guilty and .were each fined $200
They were caught by Deputy Fish Com
missioner John H. Davis and taken before
a Justice of the Peace and held to answer
\v hen their cases came up for hearing at
Martinez on Monday they surprised the
prosecution by pleading guilty.
HELD TO ANSWER ON :
CHARGES; OF BXTRQI.AIIY
The preliminar}'. examination of John
Brady and Edward Shea on the charge of
burglary was concluded before Judge Ca
baniBs yesterday and they were held^o
answer before, the Superior Court in S100O
mmsm
room .occuplf d^by Patrick cSte, ° ""
Dr. . Bohm said to" j Deputy Coroner
Meehari that when Jje ' returned to his
office at 6 o'clock last' Saturday, even
ing he found Mrs. Giddings awaiting him.
He then escorted her to a Ibd'gihg-hOuse,
42 . Turk street, and introduced her -to
Mrs. Alvina §chmidt.^whO(, was. in the
habit of receiving women,* patients from
him," and who, he declared, was a.profes- j
slonal nurse. ' According tto, his story the
case was a charitable < one -and he paid
the landlady,, Mrs. Conway, 1 $2 SO- for one
week's rent in advance ;for- the sick
woman!''; Dr. Bohm- proceeded .to perform)
'the ¦ operation I yesterday 1 -, morning::,; and
when he .was .about,* half through,' the
woman • collao^ed; f and.", died: t No other
physician .was present af?,the*time. » i»» ¦
Both Mrs.. Schmidt and. ; the. landlady,
contradicted Dr. Bohm! . Mrs. Schmidt j de
nied' that ' she was', a • tralned"nurse - or
that she took care 'oft: patients, for »hlro.
Mrs. Conway said that Mrs. Glddfngs her
self had paid her $1 50 .for 'the room and
that Dr. Bohm - had; not ¦, paid anything;, f , t
Dr. Bohm remarked ; to , Deputy . Meeha h j
that * he . could t have - given'i in .-the . deathn
certificate | typhoid fever as • the .¦ cause of .'>
death and thus have prevented an*'offlclal,
investigation, but he preferred to j tell j the
truth. •¦¦?¦.•/ :•; -.-¦>. ¦ : ¦¦¦'¦¦¦ .<¦ •-,¦ :'r .. • ; :'
¦..- Dr." Bohm and -'Mrs. -Schmidt- were ar
rested by Detective -Gibson s and -will .be
detained- pending the -announcementv of
the ; result of the investigation -by' the
authorities. : . ¦<¦ .--.'¦. :, . ¦, •¦. \ , \ .\ ..'.':/. . . .j
Thomas Johnson, an elderty 'gentleman i
residing, at 607, -,,Van : Ness : avenue, -called i
at'-- the -.-.Coroner's-' office.- at \ 5. -o'clock J
yesterday ; afternoon f, and .,' said- ; that
.Mrs. Giddlng8' parents, \namod i Hlckman ' i
lived near Santa 'Rosa and that Mrs.. GId- I
dings, had. been employed > as a; domestic
at,607;Van: Ness ayeviue.'.for 'himself 'and '
O.^H.v Keyes, .the owner of the v hous. 1 I
. Mr. Johnson said. that' Mrs.lGlddings left I
his house a week, ago; and'.presumably !
went ; to live with her-' cousin'.tEtta". Crum
ley, at 311. Golden Gate' avenue.'xiv'i'-
x inea ror inegai jt lsnnig.^
Ignaclo Balestria and; hisjbrother'Ai
-—¦'¦;:¦ -¦¦¦'¦ ' •¦;-. ¦¦?¦;'*&* ¦¦'¦
Arrest of Dr. Ernsts A; Bohm ; and
Mrs. Alyina Schmidt in\ Con
nection With.' Case. • - '/. '•¦¦'¦
Mrs. A. GIddlngs' of i Santa Rosa, s aged
27 years, died yesterday .morning while
Dr. Ernst Bohni' of ¦$% Golden Gate ave-".
nue .was performing an ! operation ' upon
her. "¦ "•;"' ' ¦¦; if ¦'' /.'¦' ' '¦'
There .were so- many ¦ suspicious' clrcum-*
6tances . surrounding tHe 'case :" that 'the
Coroner's office notified Ike police, and ;De-'
tective Gibson was v *dc tailed , to'; make an
investigation.' '-"*"'¦''* '"^ " : .:* T ¦'',-¦.
WOMAN DIES .¦; ON THE
OPERATING ; TABLE
Mrs. Nellie Uschold told of HofC being
at her house on the afternoon of the mur
der and of his working there for Mrs.
Clute, who was at that time her lodger
Mrs. Clute left Hoff with Mrs. Uschold.
saying, that she must go to S03 Guerrero
street,, but- would return 1 shortly. She
had only "left the house a few minutes
when Hoff asked If she had gone to 803
Guerrero street. On being told she had
Hoff said he guessed he would go there
too. to get his tools. This witness said'
that Hoff Impressed her as a man in
liquor. ' t
Harry Jackson, a carpet layer, was th»
next witness. He reached the house at
803 Guerrero street with the roll of mat
ting-he was to lay at 3:55 o'clock and
stayed. there ten minutes. Mrs. Clute ad
mitted . a companion named Foley and
himself to the house. • He saw Hoff there
when he came to the door and stood on
the. matting that was being measured
When he left the house Mrs. Clute and
Hoff. were In the- front room of the sec
ond story and Foley was in the room back
of it laying the matting. •
Joseph Foley corroborated Jackson's
testimony as to the time they arrived at
the house. Foley said he saw Mrs. Clute
about half an hour after Jackson had left
the house. She was in company with
Hoff and the two had a conversation
about the cost and quantity of the mat
tfng. -He told of being taken back to the
house at 8:30 o'clock that night *y the
At this point the prosecution, represent
ed by John Hosmer. attempted to get
h°i?5 ¦*!«' T \° a . conversation he ha^
h ?. ard *L n Chle * Lees' office the mornlmr
after the murder. Ttfe objection of thl
defense^ to ths. was sustained, as no
proper foundation had been laid for the
auestion. At this point Rdionrnm.nf
was taken till to-day it 10 o ? clock when
m'nd 1 lmportant will tak^ the
Mrs. Mary C. Masterson, the first •wit
ness called, testified as to Huffs visit to
her house in search of Mrs. Clute and of
his apparent annoyance at not finding her
there. This witness seemed much Im
pressed with the nervousness of Hoff and
said that her chief reason for so think
ing was that he caught hold of the handle
of the wringer. Questioned aa to" Hoff's
sobriety on that occasion, the witness said
she believed him to be perfectly sober.
Mrs. Masterson Identified' HofTs photo
graph. The witness said that she be
lieved Hoff" to be jealous. When asked
the' cause she stated that he had wished
to. lay the matting at 803 Guerrero street
himself. I
But little of interest took place at 'yes
terday's hearing before Judge Carroll
Cook of the second trial of Albert Hoff,'
accused of the murder of Mrsl A. C. Clute
on December 18; 1S97, at 803 Guerrero
street. The testimony In its entirety
amounted practically to a repetition of
that given at the former trial and brought
forth nothing that was new.
Testimony Is a Repetition of
That Given at Former
Trial. ;--
HOFF'S SECOND
HEARING DULL
Owlng : to the fact that we have mining
Interests which require all of our time and
attention, : we ; have decided' to discontinue
the piano business in San Francisco and
¦will close out our entire, stock pf instru
ments.at their wholesale cost. This morn
ing, Wednesday. December 5, every piano
in our store will , be marked in plain fig
ures at the wholesale price, and must and
will- be sold within ten days, for that is
all the time we can devote. to this affair.
Not a planp will be ' reserved from this
mammoth stock' and every one will . be
sacrificed in order to dispose of them at
once. If they are hot all sold within the
allotted ten days they will be returned to
the manufacturers at a discount. If you
have any. use for a piano you 'cannot af
ford to let this opportunity, go by, ! for you
can, by paying us cash, secure any piano
included in this stock for less money than
a email dealer, would -usually pay for
them. This stock Is our < regular line of
goods and ¦ Includes ' The wonderful
;'Crown" piano, Tho Halnes & Co., Shaw,
Schubert, etc. If you wteh to: get In on
this deal you can't afford to wait, but
come in early this morning and avyld the
rush. : ; !
Hockftt Bros. & Co., 230 Post street, San
P'rancisco. ' •
Fifty High-Grade Pianos Go
to the Bottom With a
Crash, But Are Not
Injured.
A TERRIBLE WRECK
WALTER HIRSCHFELD, man
ager of the Radam's Microbe
Killer Company, at 1366 Mar
ket street, committed suicide
yesterday afternoon by shoot
ing himself. through the head with a re
volver. \ The manager destroyed his life
in his place of business and his lifeless
body was found by a clerk whom he ~ad
sent from the place on an errand a short
time before. Business difficulty is given
as the cause of the act.
Shortly before 2 o'clock yesterday after
noon Hirschfeld returned from his lunch
and his mood was exceedingly 1 gloomy. He
devoted some time to writing letters and
then dispatched his clerk, Fred Turner of
1208C Howard street, to mall them at a
nearby box. Turner completed his errand
and returned to the store. When he
opened the door he was startled to find
the lifeless body of his employer stretched
before him in a pool of blood. A pistol
lay near, the corpse and a bullet that had
been fired from It had passed entirely
through the dead, entering Just above the
left temple. Turner Immediately called
help • and the body was taken to the
Morgue. • «"
According to the story of Turner.
Hirschfeld did not intimate to any one
that he, was tired of. life. He seemed in
good spirits during the morning and it
was not until after he returned from
lunch that he appeared at all depressed.
Turner ; denies knowing anything of
Hirschfeld's business affairs.
Ir ~- HIr «chfeld when seen at her home.
608 O'Farrell street, said that her hus
band mentioned money matters many
times and said that he was in a quandry
aa.to how to liquidate his debts. At noon
yesterday he came, home and was very
cheerful. He said that he thought he
couldmrrange everything In a satisfactory
mannrr and was jubilant over prospects
When leaving, however, he called his wife
and kissed her good-bye. He passed out,
but again returned and once more kissed
her. What her husband's monetary diffi
culties -were. Mrs. Hirschfeld refused to
say. .,
Hirschfeld was 32 years of age. Six
months ago he was divorced from his
wife and the couple lived apart for five
months. Their little boy, 2 years of age
was the cause of their coming together
again, and they were remarried about one
month ago. Mrs. Hirschfeld said that
their domestic peace had not been dis
turbed since that time.
WALTER HIRSCHFELD. BECAUSE OF BUSINESS DIFFICULTIES HE
FIRES A BULLET INTO HIS HEAD AND HIS LIFELESS BODY IS
FOUND BY A CLERK SOON AFTERWARD.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1900.
There are times when a man expresses
the same idea by wagging his head that
a dog does by wagging his tail.
COLLECTOR STRATTON
TO ENFORCE THE LAW
Attorneys i No Longer Allowed to Be
Present at the Chinese Bureau '
Examinations.
Port Collector Stratton made an order
yesterday that shows that he intends to
enforce the Chfnase exclusion apt faitli
the effect that hereafter no attorney or
R,ir e / a P * r £°n £ Ot ?, memb «- °t the Chinese
t1?i s t J *•*¦ a y° WPd to be present dur
ing the taking of testimony by the bu
reau In cases of applications to land.
CALIFOBNIA CLUB HOLDS
INTERESTING MEETING
California Representatives at Wash
ington Urged to "Work, for Na
tional Forestry Laws.
A mating of the California Club was
toeJd in the Y. M. C. A. building yesterday
afternoon. Mrs. Lovell White, president
«f the club, presided «t the meeting. Miss
Katherir.e M. Ball, chairman of the de
partment of education, discussed the work
be-Injr dene in her section. Dr. Dorothea
}&rcr* presented an interesting re-
port on the • work being done by
the civic section. Mrs. Arthur W. Corn
wall read a paper on the labors of the so
cial science section, and Mrs. Sharon told
of the efforts of the members of her de
partment to have the Federal Government
enact laws. tl at will aarefthe forests of
O'lfornla and to place the reservations
on an- incoming producing basis. A pre
amble and resolution newly prepared will
be sent to the California Representatives
at Washington with the resquest that
they urge the passage of laws to that end.
The complaint recites that on November
£. 1900, FarreH, being desirous of having
v»>Us. Farco & Co. transport five pack
ages of merchandise from this city, re
*P*ctlvely, to Marysville, Sissons. Yuba
City and Colfax. offered the same for
transportation. The regular charge and
tariff of the express company wes $1 30.
Farre'.l thereupon tendered the sum of
XI 50 to the express company, which ac
cepted th* tender.
The defendant then demanded of the
Another suit to determine whether
Wells, Fart© & Co. should be compelled
to pay the war tax on all Its shipping
receipt* was filed yesterday in the Jus
tices" court by E. M. Farrell. through his
attorney, George D. Squires. The sum
aeked from the company by Farrell is but
5 cents, but the decision of th,e suit will
determine whether the shipper of goods
can be compelled to pay the 1 cent tax
on each shipping receipt.
"This case is .entirely dissimilar to one
brought by Attorney General Maynard of
Michigan against the American Express
Company. This was a writ of 'mandate
to compel the company to take a package
without the exaction of the war tax. The
court decided, however, that the com
pany could increase its rates so as to in
clude the war tax charged on bills of lad
ing We contend that Wells, Fargo &
Co. did not increase its rates when It
charged Farrell 51 W to carry the five
packages, since the company Itself ac
knowledges that to be its regular sched
ule. It. however, shifted the burden of the
wir tax to Us patron."
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wondering
ebout tliat present ?' Suppose
you go down this line.
China
Crockery
Glassware
• • Fancy ware
. Jardlneros "
Lamps Ornaments
Silverware ..
Busts-Figures
Dinner Sets
. Fish Sots
Gamo Sots
:¦ Onyx Tables
' ; Oups, Saucers
Plates, Salad
Sets, Berry
Sets, "Toilet •
Sets, Vases *
v Clocks, Steins
I Everything, that's Beau-
¦-. tiful for Christmas
'Gur'Prices^^;-'^-')^''- ; . :
. Just Like-Finding Money.
r fjreat AmencanimportiDff Tea Go.
:"/ ¦- r U CITY /"STORBS." .-
\- 210 Grant Ave., bst. Post and Suttees
; "Z£ 861 ;Market*8t M ' opp. Powell.
'I4O Sixth St. ¦¦; - : .'l419 Polk St.
I12Th|rd;St. '1819DevisaderoSt.
146 Ninth St. 2008 FIllmDro St.
3OO6 Sixteenth St. 821 Montgomery At.
2516 Mission St. . 3285 Mission St.
1705 L»rk!n'St. ; x : 2732 24th St.
S55 Hayes St. J, 47S Hai^ht St. *
': 62 Market 8t.
OAKLAND STORES.
i 10)53 Washington 8t 1237, Broadway.
I18S 23rd Ave. «. J 6I6 E. 12th St.
_ r . 15IO Seventh* St.: '."* '
: ALAMEDA-I35S Park St.
6AN RAFAEL-B 6t.. near Fourth,
ADVEETISE2HEUTS.
•We will exhibit all this week a
' most complete assortment of elegant
BLAGK DRESS FABRICS, in FINE
PANNE CLOTHS, ARMURES,
WOOL POPLINS, VENETIAN
CLOTHS, CORKSCREWS, AMAZON
CLOTHS and fine BLACK CHEV-
. iots:
<Sfc pcr^N w it w
15 pieces BLACK ETAMINE CHEVIOT for
Tailor-made Costumes, full 50 inches wide.
Price ............................. 85c yd.
SPECIAL.
.15 -pieces -50 inch BLACK CORKSCREW
(Mohair finish). Price .%...:... 6U25 yd.
SPECIAL,.
20 Dieces GENUINE BLACK FRENCH WHIP-
CORD, full 42 inches wide- Price . «1.25 yd.
We invite our patrons in the Interior to
write for Samples o! our special lines of
Black Goods.
.III, 113. 115. 117, 119. 12! POST STREET.
|^^||||^ Price=Making
. '11 . ¦¦/'•' • - ' siueLl csv at a-ti'Tvy jxricc — jitst
~{1m-^4 —^J/\l \ every detail of fine tailoring
V^-^%^ QF'TME \ i . t^^s. is fciith fully carried out in,
>^ pr _ _ jr--- «r:' J} th™ garment.
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
•••••••••••••••••••••O
I PIANO PURCHASERS !
| ATTENTION ! f
-J 28 Grand and Upright $
IWEBERI
2 PIANOS 5
2 , Used by the artists of the •
S GRAU OPERA COMPANY f
• " Will be offered for sale at 2
• LARGELY REDUCED PRICES. O
q This and next week. •
o Old instruments, taken in ex- J
• -v- change. **
• Terms given if desired. . 2
• ... NOVEMBER 14, 1300. I ®
£ I take much pleasure in saying •
X tliat the Weber has given me th» •
JJ greatest satisfaction. a
O JOHAXXA GADSKI. Z
: CLARK WISE & CO., I
® AGENTS, * J
3 Comer Geary and Grant Are., S. F. •
Q 619 Twelfth St.. Oakland. S
The •'DANN" RECLINING CHAIR
A Handsome Christmas Meters/
Easy and Comfortable. £&&&§/
Price $15. Come and sec It.
W. A. SCH/?OCK,
18 New Montgomery Street.
FAINLESS
- S13?i GEARY STREET
Between Hyd« aaul Laxkln.
Telephone Polk IMS.
I.. ..j. , . ' aTm.'.iOiBAMAIN'.uf.'
m' BILLIAItD. COMPANY.
3 " 4O9 MarketStrcot; "•
S —SAN FRANCISCO.
if Manufacturers of
fl ¦ Standard Billiard and Pool Tables. '
¦ E9 " . leaser and Steam Beer Pumps.
H^HIS WEIi-KXOWN AND RRLIABLE OLD
I Sp«riallstcwrr«BloodPolaon,Uonorraceu.Ole«>t,
Strlcturr. Srmtnnl Weakness, Impot«Tic« und their
¦Hied Disorders. Koofe on Diseases of Men. free.
' 2 Jv * r --"y'* r »'*xp«r<ence.Ternn n»asonab!o. Hoars
9to3dally;8:30to8.30pv'gs.Suncirty. 10tr» y^ cmaol-
Utroafreeandsacredlyconildential. Call oraddr^i
p. noscoE afexctTY. m.d.
SO J a ' Kcuny »t^ Mb Francisco, Ctl.