PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 150.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.-Willlam J.
Bryan's programme In Chicago
to-day composed twelve speeches.
The crowds that greeted him were
greater than those at the meet-
Ings of yesterday and last night.
The candidate began his Itinerary at Han
del Hall, In the downtown business dis
trict, going from there to the public, li
brary, where he spoke to an outdoor
gathering of workingmen. After luncheon
he made two addresses in the Old Vienna
Pavilion, at Sixtieth street and Cottage
Grove avenue — one to the crowd in the
building and the other to the throng that
was unable to gain admittance. Here was
the only semblance of disturbance mani
fested. Two men in the audience asked,
almost simultaneously. "How about
North Carolina?" and Mr. Bryan was re
plying when one of the questioners in
sisted on asking a question concerning
trusts, whereupon the crowd demanded
that he be thrown out, and threatened to
lynch him.
Mr. Bryan Insisted upon answering
however, but could not do so for some
time, owing to the uproar made by the
crowd In expressing Its resentment to
ward the questioner. The latter was
saved. from violence 'only by police inter
ference.
Mr. Bryan's night meetings were held
on the North. West, South and Southwest
sides of the city, the closing speech being
made at midnight at State and Thirty
sixth streets.
At the "Old Vienna" meeting Mr. Bryan
said:
"Nothing is too sacred to be attacked by
the Republican party in Its greed for gold
and for foreign lands. And I want to
show you that when we denounce these
methods that the Republicans now em
ploy, when we deny their destiny doctrine,
we are only saying what the Republicans
themselves have said In the past. I want
to read you what the Republican candi
date for Vice President said on this sub
ject In— well, the book was published In 1S99.
copyrighted for the first time in 1S96: 'The
general feeling in the West upon this sub
ject after It was crystallized, is what be
came known as the "manifest destiny"
idea, which reduced to its simplest terms
was that It was our more than manifest
destiny to swallow up the lands of all
adjoining nations who are too weak to
withstand us, a theory that forthwith ob
tained Immense popularity , among all
statesmen of easy International moral
ity.' (Applause.)
"They tell you it Is destiny, manifest
destiny. Mr. Roosevelt described mani
fest destiny as the idea of swallowing up
those who are too weak to withstand us.
The only difference between the manifest
destiny that he denounces and the mani
fest destiny which he and the Republican
party now support is that when he de
nounced the destiny It was swallowing up
adjoining lands, and the destiny he sup
ports crosses an ocean 7000 miles wide" to
swallow outside lands." (Applause.)
Quoting again, he said, from Governor
Roosevelt, he read the following: "'Of
Chesliam Honored.
. LONDON, Nov. 3.— Baron Chesham has
been appointed master of the buckhounds.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 2.— An Immense
brown ' bear was - killed . three miles from
Boulder Creek yesterday.. It will be
served ' in r bear steaks at the Republican
rally ' at that place to-morrow night.
Bear Steaks for Voters.
"The Republican party is under the con
trol of those who seek advantage througn
governmental favoritism and grow rich
by the exploitation of citizens at home
and subjects abroad. It 1b a fight between
Democracy on the one side and plutocracy
on the other, and Democracy appeals to
the judgment and to the ' conscience of
those who, are willing to let live as well
as to . live."
"The poor are coming to the Democratic
party because they want a chance In the
race for life and many of the well-to-do
are coming because they realize that tha
Democratic party affords better protec
tion to honest wealth than the Republican
party.
"The small business men and the pro
fessional men are also feeling the effect
of the industrial despotism which has
grown up with this administration.
"The Republicans are now hoping to
hold their strength , among the farmers,
but they have no policy which will ben
efit the farmer. The man who makes his
living on the. farm-Is the victim of all
the vicious legislation for which the Re
publican party is responsible and receives
none, of the benefits conferred by special
legislation upon corporations and syndi
cates. The farmer pays more than his
share of the taxes and receives less than
his share of the consideration of govern
ment. Republican policies have lessened
the value of farm lands, increased the
proportion of tenants and have driven tho
farmers' • sons away.- from , the farm, thus
intensifying' the struggle for existence in
the cities. The farmers 'are almost unan
imously opposed to the trusts, and they
can have no sympathy with the Imperial
istic policy of the Republican party, with
its attendant increase In the military es
tablishment. . I believe that the election
will show: that we have gained amonjc
the farmers as well as In the cities.
"The Republican campaign has been a
failure. The full, dinner pail argument
has been repudiated by the workingmea
and the Republicans are compelled to con
fess that a large proportion of the labor
vote will be cast for the Democratic
ticket. Besides believing with the Demo
crats in the general doctrine of equal
rights to all and special privileges to none,
the laboring men are against the trusts,
the large army and the colonial policy.
The laboring men are also drawn to the
Democratic party by the fact that our
party is opposed to government by In
junction, to the blacklist and to Chinese
Immigration, and in favor of arbitration
and of a Cabinet officer selected to rep
resent the wage-earners.
to-night gave out the following statement
in the form of an interview:
course, no one would wish to see this or
any other settled community now added
to our domain by force; we want no un
willing citizens to enter our Union.' "
The speaker added: "That Is what It
was then: 'We want no unwilling citizens
to enter our Union.' That is what Mr.
Roosevelt said then. That is what we say
now; but the Republican party has
changed."
Mr. Bryan continued reading: "'The
time to have taken the islands was before
settlers came upon them. European na
tions war for the possession of thickly
settled districts, . which, conquered, will
for centuries remain alien and hostile to
the conquerors.' There he recognized that
when you take people by force they will
for centuries remain alien and hostile to
the conqueror."
Again reading: "'We, wiser in our
generation, have seized the waste solitude
that lay near us, I he limitless forests, the
never-ending plains, the valleys of the
great lonely rivers and have thrust our
sons into them to take possession, and a
score of years after such conquest we see
the conquered land teeming with a people
that is one with ours.' . .
• "That ; was good • Republican doctrine
then, but the. Republican party has de
parted from the old Ideals. The Republi
can party has accepted European doc
trines and to-day the Republican party
stands for those policies which have. been
employed by European empires and which
have cursed both the empires and the
colonies. We do. not believe in the hold;
ing of colonies. ¦ We do not believe in hold
ing over people a government to which
they are hostile. We "do not want them to
be aliens for centuries to come. We aro
not willing to curse this nation or tho
Philippine Islands with a carpet-bag gov
ernment held in force by a large standing
army." (Cheers and continued applause.)
At another point in his speech Mr.
Bryan said:
"One of our Democratic speakers in thl3
city by mistake got to the wrong meeting
the other night. There was a Republican
meeting In the same town where he was
advertised to speak. He went- out alone
and he got into the Republican meeting
by mistake. He told the doorkeeper that
he was one of. the speakers and went up
on to the platform, and the man who had
charge of the meeting said to him: 'Don't
say anything about pulling down the flag
here, we are not discussing imperialism. 1
(Laughter and applause.)
"He said: 'But how can a Democrat
make a speech without discussing that?'
The chairman said: 'Are you a Demo;
crat?' The speaker said: 'Yes.': The
chairman said: "'Then this is the wrong
meeting.' (Laughter and applause.) Now,
my friends, that took place, and the Dem
ocrat who had that . experience \ served in
Congress at the same time that I did. No
wonder- they don't talk about Imperial
ism." ¦ ¦¦¦•'• »I!ill . r
HAS IT ALL FIGURED OUT.
Bryan Says the Republican Cam
paign'Has Been' a Failure. -
CHICAGO; Nov. 2.— William J.' Bryan
Talks About "Manifest Destiny" and Declares That the Republican
Party Has Accepted the European Doctrine of Imperialism.
BRYAN MAKES TWELVE SPEECHES D URING
THE SECOND DAY OF HIS CHICAGO TOUR
"The . prophecies that Mr. Bryan- made
hive been signally falsified.. : Here . in
...» town compare the wage" list
and the number of . men .employed
by the railroad with four years
itfe-o. The reason the: railway busl
r.tss has Increased is because the country
hi-s prospered: more freight is carried be
k«*.ujse there is more business and more
are employed. Mr. Bryan says find
out how your employer votes and then
vou the other way. No American citizen
U> sopd citizenship, to the principles of de
cnt government, • ar.d challenge the aid
if all men who have the.' honor and wel
iitre of the nation at heart.- All our prim
i^f-s have". been made good.- " •-.• . :
"No," .continued -the ; GovernQr,' . "they
can't do 1L Because, oiir people are not
prepared to. see the jeA'el of the State
fiuvemmfint brought .down to the level
of the Tammany government of New York
City. I appeal: to ever>^ Democrat who
¦believes 'in honesty and decency in poli-.
tics to stand with : us and avert Euch a
-calamity. I ask you to compare the State
administration, department. : by, depart
ment, from the top: ta the bottom, put
each in comparison with; their government
cf the citr of New Yorki with Its black
mail, vice and crime; -It* corruption/its
li.Jiffcrence to the demands of the people;
n:^.ke that comparison and you ...cannot
hilip resolving .that no ! change ' to Tam
raaigr Hall Ehall be^ . made in this State.
I ask your support 'for the re-election of
McKinley and the election of Mr. Odell,
Tioi on party ground, for I feel thisls far
more than a mere. party contest, but be
t;.use I believe v.'e: have a right, to appeal
Carolina.- There, are tw'.o itn;).ortant. issues
i:i this' : campaign. '; Our. opponents wantta
i>ryanize the Katibn ' ancl Crokeri2« th.2
Biate." •' ' ¦ . ¦¦,- _ >•'-¦. 'y-\ ' ;: ;-\-' • ..' : ;'.;•_.
"They can't do iti'-' came an interrup
tion. ¦ ¦ : ¦";¦'¦.":."¦"--•.¦• '~ z '¦'-.'• ; .'.: •.'•.' '-' : ' ; --.
In eight \reeks Governor Ecosevelt has made a tour of twenty
four States, and by his innnly, vigorous speeches caused many con
verts to the policy of protection, prosperity and sound money.
.'¦'¦; V""""^ f\'EGO, JC.- Y-. Nov. ?.—Gcv
';-_M ¦'...-" ernor 'Roosevelt completed . to
..% ' -M sight at this point one of- the
• ; most '¦'.; remarkable ean:paigr.3
. ever '' rhaiJe by a. cin<ti<Jate of
¦any party In the United States. In eight
; wrecks he "has visited : twenty-four States
cf the UcioaV made C7S speeches, traveled
. C1.209 triiles, visited. 567 towns' and cities
and talked to what is .estimated to_be
: :three minion ; peoii!e; Tiiis reiord ¦lntludcs
more sp^ecires, .more miles 1 : traveled ian;l
:: more territory covered tlraix ¦ that of. all :
. the other/candidates for President'or Vice '
.. President of the- United States of ail other j
parties fox -the :last one hundred years.
.". vrjth the; «sce;ption of i William J. Bryan
•¦in;isD6."-^:; -;::;v; ; ..'; ':/ ¦ •;/ •...
•' :'.Th3sw(«i<3erfuI cainpalgn was f.nislielj
¦. l*y a . t*i"p -weeXs" 'tour "of the State 6t
;:New. Yprki ; -. during ivhieh'tfte- candidate
; traveled £50 niiles. through thirty-seven
= counties, ajid made; 120 speeches, tne ma-.
1 orJty of them from .the- fear- platform of.
lire ..train. \ Mr. . Rocsevelt finished -this
tour in 'excellent -health and good spirits
a:;d as he said to-night •'with: a : siig-ht:y
¦ . r.e&kened voice, but-able to .gro on with
• ihe;::cairipai£n a couple of weeks or mere.-'
¦ vTfae last day -of this campaign included
ci^ijt stops between Jamestown, in. Chau
: tAuJ3'Ja Gounty, and.:inclusiv^ of Ow-ego,
iri Tioga County. ThVistops to-day: vamd
' Xrcni twovhoiirs' in duration'. at Oiean to
tea. minutes at other -points. V He.nnrshed
tb-n'ieht at ': Owegp. ¦ ihe : home of St-natos
Piait^.- Ampns ; the- Uiisgs which Gover
tior .Roosevelt, sa-id: in Owego. llorr.ellb
v;;ie, \VcllEvilJe and Addison, the last four
¦ peaces; on the .-.day's tour^ were these:
"Mr-. Brya.rT is cow inclined to laugh at
the argTimwt of the full dinner pail. No-'
body iauphed about it four years ago.' It
it a mighty eight easier to laugh about it
vhen it-is- tull than' when it is: empty.
When It Is empty tr is. serious busihese.
If' thU nation chooses to turn. Bedlaniitc.
aj.d put in. Mr. Bryan and tr>' his policies
we have' nobody but ourselves to. thai-.k
for the disaster, that will purely follow.
It . won't <Io'. .any '^ood, :to -&ay that. " w't?'
meant well; Ihat we did net 'mean ko
hurt ourselves. :AVhat 1 am saying applies
just as: fii-uch ti». Democrdis is to Rcpii'p
llcain-s/ : , It is ;toi .the'iriierest.of 'aii of. uk
to hzvji ¦pfisiJcri.ty'ahd good;- times. : Tiie
.or.;j'., chajice -Mr: : Bryan! has* Is -in that
<,vcer ;Tor£etfulnfc?3 : ; vriiich .. Vpeople h'aiv it
>shen t:hey;jatfe ¦we|i;c^.;. ; \yhcn a- man is
veil, ojf heVis- Veryjiil* 1 \' la :^«' willjji^- iu :
take chance*./ 'VV'h.t.b-he is : oadly off thi,n
lie is indre;^artful/; It' ; is;npw -four '.}:ea'i a- ;
gih-ce vitj' wcTe '%aii\y :;otl aiid -some lJeoplV
t urgc-t;-:; Foux i'taVs. ago. neither Mr. - Br j.-.an
at thtr.lult-dliJfltr.pari'^^Myitydjd.nat
mezn ~mucpyi*i<:a-\x*e ..ttusii 'iiie -dinner piJl
»;j s not "fuil, : iajede ii ;iniiiixis i ,greit : ilcil
tu ; 'e\^rj:;-i^i^; cf.vus^when -'iiip dinher pai!
: is *rr}£fy, : ' :~X: : - : '\:''.' : 1- ¦ '. ' Vl "- ' '¦ ¦' =•;¦'..' V . ',-.'.
"Mr.^iBryaTi^Ka^s;. wt«;haVe no right;, (n.
the . V:n ! .itjp;nrs whliviit ' tlnj.coaieJil : oi
the povtTr.jid. J<-ffcrsQn Davis saJd it was.
M.x-iuVurifm. 'ot A)}* lii^cliiXiiiiiui /ot iriiic
peri dt-n ce: i<i"' : c9nie ' do wji a-rid : pptiQse -the in
%\ ¦: • vUt'^t-wn-S£ ;^'t^ir;ih« : -BovcTiicd
trying to gvit 6ut;<>£ x!ie.t;hion and. o-wnij't;
*;uvcs^: 11^ .^aia ,y.t;a;;.oou1d> ; noA-^b;)iH>?>i
them, tut siiUiU'.qk yqu here: did.,
Bryan iiphoitis a. decia i^iii-iof irsffeptpu
t:ice e» : appfyihg -to:, the/MaJaS^ bahdilti
J^tti ao are sfrobtliigat: qur-rnca; : on.;ib'e. other
t;ue of the. :^arth. 'it to his tO
low Amertcahs: <if <3uskief skin in Is'orih
has a right to cast his vote save_ tin the
ground of principle and not to vote one
way because some other man votes an
other. Mr. Bryan asks you to stultify
yourself and be false to your duties as a
citizen."
As if In appreciation of the closing of
the campaign, the Governor said:
"There really is not very much to say
now in the closing days of the campaign.
People have' pretty much made up their
minds and I think that we are going to
give in this State the second largest ma
jority it has ever given."
"That's right." "that's right," shouted
a number in the audience.
"But," continued the Governor, "I don't
want any man to make the mistake of
taking anything for granted. We want
not merely to whip Bryanism. but to
crush it under our heels.
"I ask you to stand by the party that
succeeds and not the party that fails; for
the party that maJtes financial policies
that work and not the party that advo
cates financial policies that won't work;
for the party that fought to a finish the
Spanish war and hoisted the flag in the
Philippines, and not the party that grum
bled about how the war was fought and
now. want to haul down the flag in the
Philippines." . ' - ¦
Just as the train was pulling out of
Waverly occurred the only hostility of the
day. A stone was thrown, breaking the
glass in the observation window in the
O,vernor's car.
• . ?- ¦ .
BIG WAGER IS REFUSED
Jacob Field Offers to Bet $450,000
Against $100,000 on McKinley.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— One of the larg
est wagers of the campaign was offered
and declined to-night at the Waldorf-As
toria. Jacob Field offered to bet with
James R. Keene $400,000 against $100,000
that McKinley -would be elected. Mr.
Keene refused. The wager was then
raised to $450,000 against $100,000, but etill
declined. Mr. Field was talking with Mr.
Keene and others about the chances of
the election of Bryan. Mr. Keene ex
pressed the view that Bryan had a good
chance to win.
: *'I will bet you $400,000 against $100,000
that McKinley is elected," said Mr. Field.
."Oh, there are no such odds as that,"
Mr. Keene replied. ¦
"I know there are not," said Mr. Field,
''the edds are bigger. I will bet you $450,-*
Dy3 against your $100,000 that McKinley will
wih.* f ¦ '¦ - ' ' ... ¦ . . . ¦
Mr, Keene still declined to accept the
wager: • ' " , . .,
:H ; N; Sawyer Jr. of Boston, who offered
at. the Waldorf- Astoria a few days ago to
; wager : $30, 000 against $15,000 that McKinley
wotild carry Illinois by 50,000 votes has
•disappeared: Two., prominent .Democrats
called iit the hotel to cover Sawyer's
tobtseyy; r"-Ttiey were i«fornicd that he had
left the city. ¦ ; . ..".-.
Tiure was considerable Bryan money In
U'iill; street torday. find it was eagerly
snapped. at by McKinley. bettors, who of
fen-d from 4'i toM to' 5 to 1. Several large
toefsr were' reiwrted at these odds, one of
them placed by Bell & Co. There were
¦.?£Yer;ii.: even-money bets that the State
would- go republican by at least 100,000.
arid, one bet of $JJW. against £500 that ICan
>as; will be found lu the Republican col
umn. '.. •.-'. ' • . " •' . ¦¦
McKINLEY SENDS REGRETS.
Is . Unable to Witness the Parade in
. ¦ :. : . . New York;
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— The following let
ter was given: out by Secretary Drake of
the Business Men's Republican and Sound
Money Association: ¦.. '¦¦ ¦ .
CANTOX, Qhto, Nov. l.— My Dear *6trons:
Public duty will not pennlf me to accept the
Invitation to review th« parade on November
• - ¦ /» .
3 cf- the organizations: compos \g the Business
Men's Republican Sound Mone>' Association.
I recall the Inspiring' demonstration of four
years ago and rejoice that now, us then, with
unfiiniinlshed ranks, citizens of all parties are
4n- line for national honor, public law, sound
currency end industrial prosperity, and as In
IK'S are arrayed against those who are inciting
class hatred end discontent nmons: people of
cur happy country. ' ¦
TVe.kncw no class distinctions In this fair
land of ours. The American people will per
ir.it no stain to be put upja the American
.name. ' '.,"¦ . ' '.¦ ...- • -¦'-.'¦
May these marching free men and their pa
triotic ajlies throughout the country stamp out
for all time in this republic the evils of repu
diation and dishonor. Very sincerely yours.
; , . WILLIAM McKINLET.
Hon. \VilHam U Strong. President Business
Men's Republican Sound Money Association,.
Ktw -York. , . ¦ . :
BEVERIDGE NAILS A LIE.
Did Not Say There Would Be a Land-
' ¦••' slide to Bryan. >V-f' :-:-.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 2.— To .'the Edi-
tor Call; I am informed that the Indiana
polis Sentinel states that I predict a land
slide to Bryan. Such a statement is an
outrageous and malicious lie without ex
cuse. I stated in the Indianapolis Journal
Monday that indications point to. 40.000
Republican majority in Indiana. I have
made no other or different statement, di
rectly or Indirectly. Every development
since then sustains and increases this es
timate. The enemy must be desperate, in
deed, to resort to such base practices as
the Sentinel statement about my predic
tions. . ALBERT J. BEVERIDGE.-
At Oswego the Republican Candidate for Vice
gv President Scores Bryan for His Sneers
Concerning the Full Dinner Pail,
In Eight Weeks Governor Visits Twenty-
Four States* Travels 21,209 Miles, Visits
567 Towns and Makes 673 Speeches*
ROOSEVELT COMPLETES
ONE OF MOST REMARKABLE
CAMPAIGNS EVER MADE
Request Made That He Throw His
Support to Bryan.
BOSTON, Nov. 2.— The Globe to-morrow
will'- print 'an open letter to Eugene V.
Debs, urging his withdrawal in favor of
William J. Bryan, the signers being Pro
fessors Parsons, president of the National
Public Ownership League; B. O. Flower,
founder of 'the Arena: Eltweed Pomeroy,
president of the National Direct 1 Legis
lation '¦ Association, « and Dr. W. G. Gal
vin, all personal friends of Mr. Debs.
Democratic Candidate for Vice Presi
dent Receives a Great Ovation.
FORT WAYNE. Ind.. Nov. 2.— Adlai E.
Stevenson received to-day the greatest
ovation ever given any candidate in this
city, eclipsing even the Bryan reception
In 1S9&. This afternoon there was a
parade composed of 2000 farmers.
To-night the largest parade ever seen in
the city took place.
In the afternoon Mr. Stevenson spoke
briefly from the balcony of the Wayne
Hotel to 3000 people, and to-night spoke to
an audience of over 5000 people at Princess
Rink. Many hundreds more were unable
to secure admission.
URGE DEBS TO WITHDRAW.
STEVENSON AT FORT WAYNE.
eral McCook and his staft and escort at
Bowling Green at half-past 9 o'clock. He
will then proceed up Broadway to Worth
street. There at 10 o'clock the tremendous
army of patrots will fall in behind and
march up Broadway to Waverley place,
thence west to Fifth avenue and up that
thoroughfare to Fortieth street, where the
parade will be dismissed.
Unless all expectations fail this will be
the most triumphal of all parades ever
seen here. In its vast column will be rep
resented every .line of business that can
well be thought of as identified with this
great metropolis.
There will be companies representing
the Wall street district, coal and iron
trades, lumbermen, shoe ar I leather
trades, telegraphers, paper and associat
ed industries, building trades and vari
ous exchanges.
Thera will be thirty-eight divisions In
the line, the head of which is expected
to reach the reviewing stand at Madison
Square at 11 o'clock. If tue 133.000 mea
parade It cannot possibly complete its
march before 10 o'clock to-morrow night,
even though it start promptly and be
kept marching without pause.
Realizing that much of the parade must
naturally extend into the night a grand
display of fireworks has been arranged
for half-past 7 o'clock in Madison Square
and from the roof of the Metropolitan
Life Insurance building at No. 1 Madi
son avenue, where the Republican State
, headquarters are located.
Only isolated spots in Broadway and
Fifth avenue lacked decorations to-day
when flags and bunting flew from win-,
dows and cornices of buildings for blocks
to the east and west of those thorough
fares, and almost all the buildings In the
lower section of the city were profusely
draped.
When the sound money parade moves
up Broadway to-morrow those who take
part in it will have an opportunity to ob
serve the effect of the opposlt* - of Tam
many Hall, as swung across the street
all along the line of march are Democrat
ic banners.
Workmen, who acknowledged that they
had been hired by Tammany leaders, were
engaged all to-night in hanging these
banners on poles, many of them having
been previously erected.
One ef the most popular of these ban
ners, judging from the frequency with
which it was displayed, reads as follows:
"They make you parade, but they can
not make you vote against Bryan."
Another popular motto is: "It Is a trust
parade and not a Republican parade."
At Mall street and Broadway there Is
hung across the route of #narch a broad
white streamer, which bears this motto:
••iilcKinley's badge Is on my coat, but
Bryan's Is near my heart. God bless
him."
Similar streamers and banners were at a
late hour to-night being thrown across
Fifth avenue, between Twenty-third and
Fortieth streets, and altogether the men
who march will have a chance to read
plenty of silver literature on their long
tramp in the interest of the gold stand
ard.
No less than 135,000 men will march in the sound money
parade of the Republicans at Hew York to-day. This monster pa
geant will start at 1O a. m. and will be in motion twelve hours.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— Between
walls of red/white and blue and
under an almost continuous
canopy of stars and stripes and
banners that swing majestlcally
as emblems of sound money and prosper
ity 135,000 men will parade to-day, starting
from Worth street at 10 o'clock.
Governor Roosevelt will review the pa
rade at the grand stand In front of the
Fifth-avenue Hotel, whither he will . be
escorted by General Anson G. McCook.
grand marshal, with his staff, comprising
A. Noel Blackman, chief of staff; Charles
Currle Jr., quartermaster; George de For
est Barton, chief of aids, and George N
\V. Day, commanding the rear guard.
Governor Roosevlt will be met by Gen-
The. signers are all believers In the co
operative commonwealth, but are of the
opinion that Its advent will be hastened
by Mr. Bryan's election. The letter is of
considerable length and discusses In its
bearings as to the object desired the so
cialistic side of the present economical
and industrial conditions. The signers
declare, that Bryan represents the move
ment against; monopoly; that It is better
to take the first step toward improved
conditions than no step at all. They claim
a vote for Bryan.. -Is the first practical
step toward the co-operative common
wealth, though, neither Bryan nor the-
Democratic party may realize thl3 fact.
SOCIALISTS CAUSE A RIOT.
Raise Red Flags and Kick at Old
: Glory in Chicago. ' .'¦'-..;
CHICAGO.. Nov. 2.— Socialist orators
raised the red flag in State street '.to-night
and. were driven off the thoroughfare by
the police, who were compelled to inter
fere to stop a riot. The Debs speaker*
occupied . a half-dozen wagons to speak
from along the street/"-: ¦
There were frequent clashes between th<j
speakers and the big crowds who gathered
around the stands. Shortly after midnight
the Socialists became bolder and a red
flag was raised on every wagon. The red
flag was very large, and in contrast was
hung a flag of the United State* of very
small dimensions.
The crowd took all this good naturedly,
until some of the Debs speakers began
kicking at the American flag. In a mo
ment there was confusion, and. along the
street several of the orators were dragged
from their wagons and roughly handled,
until the central detail police wagon was
called. Sergeant Mahoney ordered the
Debs wagons to leave the street, and they
were escorted away, followed by the po
lice patrol. A mob of 1000 people followed
them until they disappeared In the shad
ows of Lake street.
JOHN O. W00LL\EY'S TOTTB.
Prohibition Candidate Made Twenty
Stops in Michigan.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich.. Nov. 2.— The
Prohibition special train arrived here at
7:45 to-night, having . made a total of
twenty stops In the run. across Michigan,
and Presidential Candidate John Q. Wool
ley made his. twenty-first speech before an
audience of 3000 persons in the Auditorium
this morning. Mr. Woolley was given an
ovation. ¦ :...• ;'.! '-'-.^ .'.¦•¦ -. ¦;.
Stops were made In the afternoon : at
Vassarm Reese. Bay City. Saginaw City,
Chesanlng, Henderson. Owosso. Lan
sing, Grand Lodge, Warren Lake. Odessa
and Sunfldd. ' ;. .'¦ ¦ ". -.'..•"• .;
The special left Grand Rapids to-night
for Chicago. Arriving at Chicago Satur
day morning the train will b* transferred
to the Santa Fe road, leaving at 9 o'clock
for a three days' run through Northern
and Central Illinois, concluding the cam
paign on the night of the 5th with: an
evening rally at Rockford. III.
mquTNTAINEEKS CHEER WOODS.
Continuous Ovation by Besidenta of
Nevada County. . .:-.'.-
NEVADA. Nov. 2.— Samuel I>.. .Woods.
Republican Congressional nominee for
the Second district, and his party arrived
hero this noon. They. came across coun
try by carriage from Dutch Flat, seven
teen miles away, and their trip through
the Intervening: mining; region was a novel
and exciting one. . Delegations of gravel
miners from around Red D©g r Little.
York. Lowell Hill and You Bet were en
hand at every turn of the road to greet
the popular candidate from Stockton with
cheers and assure him of their united
support. At You Bet the population
turned out en masse and an Informal
meeting was held. Judge Woods spent
the afternoon In making friends among
the people of Nevada City and be was
cordially received on every hand. ¦ .
To-night he addressed a mass meeting
in the theater, which was— crowded ;. to
overflowing. Hon. J. M. "Walling was
chairman. The Nevada City band. played
among other selections the 1900 campaign
march written by Mrs. Eva Perkins of
San Francisco, daughter-Jn-law of Sen*
ator George C Perkins.; and it made a
great hit. A mandolin club also took- part
In the programme. : John M." Tyrrell, of
Grass Valley, the Senatorial nominee; and
Frank M. Rutherford' of Truckee, a news
paper map who Is making a fight for the
Assembly, made stirring addresses. They
were followed by Mr. "Woods.- who de
livered one of the ablest and- most effect
ive talks that has been heard here. :
Everything Indicates that. Woods will
carry Nevada County over Sproul. the
Democratic ' candidate, by from 230 to 350
majority. Woods la regarded by the
miners as an especially able and broad
minded man. Both Tyrrell and Ruther
ford also are making winning rights.-
Bepublican Meeting at Felton.
FELTutJ. Nov. 2. — Assemblyman Rad
clift and George Boot, nominee for Super,
visor, addressed a Republican rally this
evening at Alcazar Hall. It was wtll at
tended.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tammanyites Strive Hard to Mar the Majesty
of the Triumphal Pageant of a Vast
| Army of Enthusiastic Patriots*
No Less Than 135,000 Marchers Will Be
in Line During the Great Republican
Demonstration in New York To-Day.
GREAT PARADE OF THE
MEN WHO FAVOR SOUND
MONEY AND PROSPERITY
SAN FRANCISCO, SATUBDAT, NOVEMBER 3, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
WINDY WILLIE AND MIS PAPA.Cachard, counsel for the Countess de
Castellane, Is qupted in a Paris dispatch
to the Tribune as saying that a mutual
agreement was arrived at last July In
P<*rin by the Gould and Castellane fam
ilies In "a purely amicable way to obtain
a Judicial council for Madame Castellane
and this is the first instance on record of
a foreigner being appointed in such a
capacity by a French court.
Count and Countess de Castellane con-
CHICAGO. Nov. 2.— The Republican
National Executive Committee, com
posed of Senator Hanna, Secretary
Heath, Commissioner Kerens of Missouri,
G. A. Stewart of Illinois and Assistant
Treasurer Foster, will accompany Vice
Chairman Payne to Milwaukee to-morrow
to view the Republican parade In that
city Saturday night. There will be no
speech-making.
Will Witness the Parade.
tlnue on the most affectionate terms with
each other and It was the Countess her
self who took the initiative in seeking
"counsell judlciare."
All debts will be paid immediately by
the Gould estate, with the exception of a
few claims from antiquity and bric-a-brac
dealers which are deemed absolutely ex
orbitant.
• ?
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. - All
dniKgriita refund the money If it fails to cure
K. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c •
dence that chloral was administered, and
this point can only be determined by the
analysis of the stomach or by a confession
from one of the accused men. The phy
sicians could not say positively that death
was due to a poisonous drug, but this
matter V.-111 be cleared before the ca«e
comes to trial. It was said In support of
the statement that death may have been
due to a v/eak heart; that on one occasion
Jennie, while standing on a street corner
talking to two younc men. fell in a faint
ana remained unconscious for half an
The vote on the indictment Is said to
have been unanimous. Chemical analysis
of the dead girl's organs is being made
at a laboratory in Xew York Cltv of
which Profespor Witthaus, who has fig
ured in the Mollneaux, Rice and other
cases. Is the head. The analysis has not
yet been completed, and no report has
been made to the County Physician
On this report much Is said to depend
It may also be needful to accept the
confession of Campbell or Death or both
as witnesses, and accept pleas of guiltv
from them to the crime of criminal as
sault only. If the anlysls Is strong enough
the confessions may not be used Fven
! f ,. the, an a l>' sl s does establish 'poison
it'is said that the State may elect to elim
inate that feature and proceed to trial
upon the assumption that the violence of
the assault caused heart failure and death
and that would entail the death penalty
SLAYERS OF JENNIE BOSSCHIETER ARE INDICTED.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.-The Grand Jury
at Pater^on. X. J.. to-day handed up In
dictments against Walter C. McAllfster,
George J. Kerr. William A. Death and
Andrew Campbell, whd^are charged with
the murder of Jennie Bos.«chleter, who
was drugged to death on October IS. There
were two indictments against each of the
young men— one for murder and the other
for criminal assault, the first. It Is said,
also embracing the latteV.
Judge BarkaloW" received the Indict
ments and instructed County Clerk Win
fleld that the indictments both for murder
anu assault be transmitted and delivered
to the Court of Oyer and Termlner, over
which Supreme Justice Dlxon, presides.
It is not known when Justice Dixon will
arraign the men. They cannot be ar
raigned before any other Judge. It is
Improbable that he will go to Paterson be
fore the January term.
It Is said that while the Grand Jury was
considering the case eome of the members
were disposed to find an indictment
against Schulthorpe, who, by his own ad
mission, was an accessory to the assault,
but they were In the minority. The hack
man claimed to know nothing about the
condition of the girl when she was bun
dled into his rig and that when he ar
rl\~ed at the Rock road he was coerced
by two of the men Into doine as he was
told. It is xald that in the course of the
discu'gpion of the case among the members
of the Grand Jury it was stated that Jen
nie's heart was weak and that it was
possible that this may have been the
cause of her death. There was no evi-
There are fears of a famine In -Tientsin
provinca and: the Viceroys have dis
patched delegates to the Consuls, propos
ing the formation of a -relief committee
and have, offered for distribution 50,000
bags and 75,000 plculs of rice. The Chi
nese refuse to give the rice, up to the mil
itary committee. The Consuls do not fall
in with the proposal, but issued a procla
mation saying that all would be fed.
•:. Vo * a 'for Thos. F. Qraham for Judge of
the Superior Court. •
Bishop Kavier, who reached the coast
after his successful defense of the Peitong
cathedral, estimates that 200 native Chris
tians were killed in the i 'eking division
alone. .
On the west side of the Fen River, near
Plnglangfu, the people took Christian men
and women and with knives cut a cross
on their foreheads, then tortured and
killed them. On August 22, the writer
says:
"The hiding place of Dr. McKay has
been found. Some local rebels, pretend-
Ing- to be Boxers, captured him and are
holding him for a ransom. August 7 the
Governors of Yushlen, of Shansi, ordered
the people in every town and village to
practice the Boxer arts, and now all are
practicing. The persecution of native
Christians in Shansi are Indescribable.
All the homes of the Christians and in
quirers in the country about the city have
been destroyed. The wives and daughters
of- the Christians have been shamefully
treated and tortured.
"No steps have been taken to punish the
Taotai who handed over for slaughter the
Thompsons and their children, the Wards
and their children. Miss Mancheuter and
Miss Desmond; and now he holds • in
prison the evangelist who saw Dr. Ward
Killed, lest he should give evidence against
him. That official is forcing the unhap
py man to write false letters, distorting
the facts of the massacre." '
On July 24 the mission premises were
burned and the next day the Pingiang
ladles' home was burned. The Chinese
took Mr. Peng and killed him and burned
live houses of the Christiana, using vio
lence to make four men worship their
idols.
The Christians sought the protection of
th« local officers, who commanded them
to recant The Boxers ordered them to
draw lots before the Idols, and if the lot
came upward they , considered that they
had been sincere In recanting:, . but If
downward they considered them Insincere
and killed them.
On July 16 Mr. and Mrs. McConnell, with
their little girl, Miss King and Miss Bur
ton, together with Mr. and Mrs. Young,
came from Klkichow. On arriving at SI
kiao they were surrounded and on July 16
were decoyed to the banks of the Yellow
River and killed.
"The foreign religion is detestable be
cause it despises the gods and harasses
the people. The Boxers will burn the
house3 of all Christians and kill them."
VICTORIA, B. C. Nov. 2.-A number of
letters from native Christians, written
last August and September, describing
the massacres In the Shansl province and
translated by Mrs. Archibald Little, ap
pear in the Shanghai papers received to
day. One writer says the Governor of
Shansi Issued the following- proclamation:
Details of* Murders of Mis
sionaries and Native
Converts.
AWFUL TORTURE
OF CHRISTIANS
: ;,;.: I foUhd a slig-Ht trace, of mercury in Mr. Rice's stomach, a
quantity equivalent to lTO-GOO grain per ounce in the intestines
and an ainouilt equal to 23-1000 grain per ounce in the kidneys.
I Vwould [infer from /the^.very small quantity of mercury found in
the stomach and the relatively large amount found in the intes
tines, and particularly in the kidneys, that the metal in soms form
of soluble. combination had been introduced into the body during
the life of : the deceased, probably several hours, possibly days, pre
vious to his death^— Professor R. A. Witthaus.
There was no mercury in th? embalming fluid -with which Mr.
Rice^s body was treated.— Undertaker Charles Plawright.
'} There was no mercury in any of the medicines which I pre
scribed for Mr. Rice in the five months preceding his death, dur
ing which I treated him. — Dr. Walter Curry. *
-|a . -y EW YORK,. Nov. 2.— Charles
T^^ I - F. Jones, the personal attend-
I -^j ant of the late William M.
1 Rice. who. attempted to com
mit suicide, yesterday, was vis
ited in the hospital to-day by Dr. Chris
tian, who has him in charge. Dr. Chris
tian said that. Jones was very much im
provexJ. . ¦ . • ¦' • ¦ . • '
The hearing of the application of the
proponents of the "Baker", will of the
late W. M. Rice thai the later Will, which
i* alleged to. be in tbe possession- of Al
bert T:. Patrick, be placed on file in the
ofnee: of the Surrogate, was to-day ad
journed until' November 20. - ' " • .
. Assistant District Attorney Osborne said
to-day v It is ihls opinion '.that more, than
one man had. been concerned in a general
conspiracy to icet possession of Rice's
property^ He was asked if there .would
be any further, arrrsts and . said not at
this' time, stating it would be first neces
sary to get *he evidence. .
;"1 shall tak»» no steps until I have cor
roborated Jones' confession,'.' he contin
ued. : ••!• shall he busy for five or six
weeks In completing all the details of the
case.'-'.' . ¦ .:.-.'-.-' ¦
District Attorney Osborne, In
a/further statement- given out this after
noon.: says that Dr. Bull, the surgeon,
performed.' an. operation : on Rice's face
about six months- before he died. As an
antiseptic; trash- he. prescribed bichloride
of mercury. Mr. Osborne pays this has a
bearing, on the case, : ar,Jonep- has con
fo*ced.--tnat -Patrick gave Rice gravish
tablets. The tablets prescribed by Dr.
Bull were of a grayish color. Mr. Osborne
further >a!d that Professor Witthaus
knew; nothing of this in making his an
alysis. • -. ¦ . : ¦
Dr, Bull, who performed the operation
on; Rico's face. Paid later:
"1 was called In by Rice's physician.
Dr. J. M. Mabbott. to perform a slight
opera.finn on Rlre'p fare. The operation
was not serious and did not even require
ether." • : ' ¦
Miss R, J. Evans. Dr. Bull's h<?ad office
nurse, who had charge of the operation,
*atd :• ¦ ,
"I did use chloride /of mercury, but I
took away every tablet not used. I di
luted, the tablets and bathed Mr. Rice's
face with the solution. These tablets
were, bluish, in color and not gray al
though some not acquainted with them
might «ay they were of a grayish tlnee."
Dr.: Bull continued by saying: "There
are white. tablets of this sort, but I never
use them I myself am not very well
acquainted with the effect the tablets
would have when taken internally. I know
they would cause extreme congestion of
the bowels and severe inflammation. I
do not know whether they would kill a
man unless taken In large quantities
The tablets were sold at drugstores like
headache drops and other articles, with
out any red tape, and in that way they
could be easily secured. As a face wash
they are perfectly harmless."
Fred B. House, counsel for Jones and
Patrick, accompanied by Former Assist
ant District Attorney George Battle, went
to Bellevue Hospital this afternoon and
were admitted to the prison ward to t?ee
Jones. They talked with Jones for over
a half hour.
When leaving, Mr. House said that he
called Pimply to visit Jones, seeing that
he was in mich trouble. He called him
•'a poor young man in hard luck."
Efforts were being made this afternoon
to determine the exact condition of the
lungs of William M. Rice, the million
aire, after his death. Jones, his valet, in
his confession, made before he cut his
throat in the Tombs, said he saw Albert
T. Patrick holding a towel in the shap«
of a cpne over the aged millionaire's face.
Assistant District Attorney Osborne.
who said he *would communicate with
Professor WiUhaus concerning the mat
ter, declared that the autopsy had re
vealed a state of affairs consistent with
smothering. Whether the lungR have
been preserved was not known at the Dis
trict Attorney's office to-day, but It is be
lieved that they, with other organs, were
removed before the millionaire's body was
cremated.
David L. Short, who executed the will of
Mr. nice, the one in which the million
aire bequeathed the bulk of his fortune
to Albert T. Patrick, to-day for the first
timo consented to be interviewed regard
ing the incidents leading, up to the exe
cution of the document.
To a reporter. Short said: "I went to
Mr. Rice's apartments at the request of
Mr. Patrick. Patrick sent a messenger to
my office. I went over to Patrick's offlce.
Patrick said to me: 'You are wanted up
tc.wn to execute some papers."
"Morris Meyers went with me. He
went as a notary, I as commissioner of
deeds. When we reached the apartments
Jones 1.=t us in and escorted us to Mr
Rice's room. Mr. Rice was pitting at his
df-pk and from a. sort of cabinet compart
ment that was over it he drew out his
papers. He said to us both: 'This Is my
will, gentlemen. I have sent for you to
witness my signature.'
"He a?ked Meyers to read one particu
lar paragraph or phrase in the will. I do
not remember what the subject matter of
the clause was. I did not- pay any atten
tion to It. Mr. Rice seemed to have much
conndence in Meyers. He .consulted him
nbout his affairs frequently. I did not
know the contents of the will, which wan
not read aloud. I frequently executes
papers for Mr. Rice. I executed the as
signments to Patrick."
Mr. Short further said he never talked
with Meyers or Patrick about the will or
assignments. He had known Mr. Rice
for about a year before his death. Mr
Rice had not said anything to him about
another will.
MURDER THEORY FIRST
CONFIRMED BY REPORTS
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— William L.
Strong, the last Mayor of the
old city of New York, diea sud
denly at 3 a. m. at his residence
In this city. Mr. Strong had not
been at his place cf business for several
days, but no one suspected that his condi
tion was alarming.
Mr. Strong took an active part In the
present campaign, and It is said that his
political labors, combined with his at
tempts to retain eupervision over his busi
ness affairs in the face of impaired health,
brought about the illness that resulted in
his death.
William L. Strong was born In Ohio In
1827 and came to New York when a" young
man. He found employment with different
firms until January 1, 1S70, when he or
ganized the firm of "William L. Strong &
Co. The firm soon grew to be one of the
prominent business houses in the city. He
also interested nimself in banking mat
ters and was president of the Central Na
tional Bank. Mr. Strong was one of the
leaders of the reform movement in this
city and was elected Mayor on the Repub
lican-Citizens' Union ticket in 1S94. He
was the last Mayor of the old city of New
York before consolidation with Brooklyn
and the other boroughs composing tne
present city.
At the time of his death Mr. Strong was
a member of a number of . societies, in
cluding the Ohio Society. American Fine
Arts Society, American Museum of Natu
ral History, Metropolitan Museum Asso
ciation and American Geographical Soci
ety.
Mr. Strong had been in poor health for
about six weeks. He ate supper as usual
last night and did not complain of any
pain or weakness at that time. At about
11 o'clock he retired to his bedroom, as
elsted by two nurses who had been in at-
tendance from the beginning: of his illness.
About an hour after he had gone to bed
he awoke and told one of the nurses that
: he was very weak. He asked to have his
wife and, son. Major Putnam Bradlee
Strong, called. They soon came to the
room. When Mr. Strong saw his wife he
put his arm about her and said: "I am
very weak. I am very, very weak."
Mr. Strong grew a little better, and as
his condition did not seem alarming the
physician wa3 not sent for. His daughter,
Mrs. Shattuck, and her husband were
called, however. A little before 3 o'clock
Mr. Strong seemed to have a decided
change for th« worse and his physician
was nastily summoned, but he did not ar
rive until after the patient's death.
At a mass meeting in Madison-square
Garden in 1S94 a non-partisan committee
of seventy was appointed to organize the
opposition to Tammany Hall, to frame a
platform and select candidates for office,
and It was this committee that selected
Mr. Strong to run for Mayor on the re
form platform. His opponent was Hugh,
J. Grant and the contest was a bitter one'.
The outcome was the election of Mr.
Strong by a plurality of 47.187.
The administration of Mr. Strong was
an eventful one. Mr. Strong was avow
edly independent in bis views in city poli
tics. In the municipal campaign of 1S97,
which resulted in the return of Tammany
to power, he took the stump for Seth Low
as against General Benjamin F. Tracey,
the regular Republican candidate. After
this election he virtually retired from ac
tive politics, due to failing health.
It was announced at the residence to
night that the funeral arrangements had
not been completed, but would be made
public to-morrotr. „
Cornelius N. Bliss, chairman of the ex
ecutive committee of the American Pro
tective Tariff League, to-night announced
that a committee representing: the league
would be present at the funeral services
of the late ex-Mayor.
PROFESSOR R. A. Xy-ITTHAUS.WIIOSE CHEMICAL- ANALYSIS OF THE
|v^S^^^j'P^t'$i^p^t^B/.Bti^:- LED TO. THE FIRST CONFIR
..;'; MATRON OF THEiMUKDER TilEORY, / .
THE LATE WILLIAM L. STRONG. NOTED INDEPENDENT POLITICAL
LEADER OF NEW YORK, THE LAST MAYOR OF THE OLD CITY
AND A FOE OF TAMMANY.-
, NEW r VGIiK.; JCofr; 2— Arthur Hijrrti?.
the negtro- who iBteb^d Policoman Robert
J. Thorjjie Jto:deaih .vin August 12 and: who
.tv*s convfetfd, of .murder in th* second de
gree, was ; *entcafcef i in-Aay . To : life:- im»
priRORiDrrnt. The -msirder. of Thorpe: wat.
•the cause nf >eri.otis j-ace rjots in tbiscity.
Harris Is Sentenced.
/ NEW -YORK. ;.Xov. 2.--CJty' Alagjstratc
FJii'mrner diFf-barKtefl Cornelius L: Alvord;
th* defaulting; rote teller of the/First Na
tional . Bank, from custody fo^day. ¦ The
magistrate paid he *as sati?ned that he
hed no jurisdiction In. the case. >Alvoi.i
*as - reaf-re^tc-ij/by a l.'rJted! Staie.R' Mar-
Bhai and tak^n befpne Vnitcdt'Staiea Oom
nr.«pfajrrfrr -: : - 1 ¦-• - : ' I \' -.-¦ " : ¦•."! • ; ,-. •
<hk;aw, Nov. 2-fAbfl P. 1 pham.- a
3fivfrnm»nt- tea expert, -committed' : Fui
:ide at-hiirosldon'-e here last night pv
aking oarboric acid. ; Illness/ brought A>'n
ny *xc*it-\\-e tea tasting, is said. \n have
N**n -tbe:-cau«e -Of th« act. '¦•- Mr; T'pham
tva* known in- all the large tea. Importing
~<>'uf«:-s Irom. coast' to---.cs-stst.- ~z.'-:' - . - ; -v-
AJvord aearrcstEd
Takes Fatal Dcse of C"arbolic
ICOTEB TEA TASTES : V ;./ .
DRIVEN TO SUICIDE
abel P, Uphem. Ill and Bsspondent
PARIS. Nov. 2— The Courier <3u Soir,
which is often .Inspired. /announced'. that
M. Waldeck-Rcsseau'-s pppech at jTbtir
3"-jse last Sunday., in ;the cour?f of 'which
r.f- alluded'. to measures contemplate-d by
thf Government agaihsfreligiqus fongTe
£aticns. has made a bad impression at
in* 'Vatican and thaj Jbe. Pojxf has In
ftruc-ted the papaj Hu.icio at Paris to
modify his conciliatcTy attitude toward
the French Government. ¦ • .'• .
to Kodify Hie Conciliatory
Attitude. :• . .
Papal Nuncio at Paris Is Instructed
WALDECK^ROUSSEAU • ; : ; :• V
DISPLEASES VATICAN
the. *} it«ii| has bei»n in vogue en th"
Pennsylvania railroad for pome time: an<l.
as It has met with th* approval, of the
*mploy»g. it hss been decided -to -extend
it over »he entire T'ennfylvania /--lines. '"•"
..PITTSpt'RO. . Nov. 2---<>i3ipiar :notires :
r.er* posted to-day r?f: the eptablisthmeTit
rf-.a pension s>-Etjem for. th<-:>niployep : of
the ¦ Pennsylvania. lines west of ;Pitisburg.
The new, system will go] into .•=. effect '. on
1.. 3901.. Employes aged 70. years
cr more ¦will be given ih* optiiSn'-a? jeUir
Ir.g from service on half pay. -Another
rrovi«inn also Etipuliite*- that It-trii em
j love has'.be^n -cripploj-in- th^:Fervrce of
the road he can retire at the age of '65
> ears. ¦ • .-• ¦" ¦..¦¦¦ ... -' \. ¦;¦ I: •¦...
Which Gladden Hearts t)f
¦ :: ¦ : Many; Employes- ;': :] ' .'
BAILIIOAD EXTENnS / ; .'.: V: J
.. : . PENSION SYSTEM
Notices Posted by Pennsylvania
"All that America n Btwrt- hints Have: to
do who export to Geiiriany."'. it says. ' "is
">'iret their trademarks reels tyred" here
fit an expense of 30 t« arks in each :cas<\
vhloh ;s precisely what;. German: :mtr
rhants do to protect- themselves against
fraudulent rrartic*s." . •:. . ¦ : ¦:•¦ .' . l ; •¦•¦:
The Tag^blait -addf= a hope; thatYth? -. jrrur
iecied Cierman - American, oammfrcial
treaty wijl al-so provide 'better..- rhuiual
rrotection for patents and trademarks..
BERIJX, Nov. 2.— Tn« JSerUser Ta«e
blatt chants that railed States Cap.?ul
< Jenera! Mason.: in t he course of . a- spe-.
rial report made to Washington.: In '. srhlc-'t
he ajsstrtfd tfia.t Geriiian manufacturers
end importers often, irauduler.tly. :-ust*di
American trademarks., was guilty of knUi<
representing the fact?. : -• • ; \ .'.
Berliner T?ETb!att Comments on Hi,
Are Counterfeited.
Asstrtion That Trademarks
SAYS CONSUL MASON
MISBEPBXSEUTED FACTS
no.N"OIA*I,U. Oct. 2S.-r-Ur>fted States
Plsttifit Jv.dge Kstee has just rendered, a
lUcieion to the effect that i!".e •"conHtltu
t!on doos not follow the ilag" in on im
portant libel caio ihsu has been before the
CqUrta here- for :--oine time. Am a result of
the decision Wiliitun i^. Marshall; editor
or the late Weekly Volcano, will probably
have to fferye six rronths at hard labor.
Marshall was Kerueneecl for 'criminal
libel on account of publications he made
about the late Chief Justice Judd. He
made an appeal to the Supreme Court of
Hawaii on technical grounds, alleging
methods pursued auring his trial mac
were not in uccoiaance wun American
procedure, 'lhe lower court was sustained
;<na Marshall turned with a writ 01 habeas
corpus to Judge Eatee.
Judgo Estee hold that the lawn of Ha
waii allowing conviction of defendants
upon A vermui. by nine jurors were stm m
force nt the time of Marsnall's trial, wnlcn
was long after the passage of the resolu
tion' anrexing Hawaii to the Union. The
Judge said that Hawaii before being an
nexed '"was a tree, enlightened state, pos
sessing all the attributes of sovereignty,
and when with Its consent the islands
were annexed by the United States aot
only the lands but the people with their
laws and customs were annexed; and. by
the well established law of nations these
Iaw3 end customs remained In force until
liew laws were enacted for' the govern
ment of the Territory." Estee held that
the people of Hawaii were regarded by
Congress as somewhat versed in the prin
cipk-s of self-government, so much so that
Congress waited tor nearly two years
after actual annexation before providing
a law for the government of tne Terri
tory.
Marshall's only recourse now is the Su
preme Court of the United States, but tie
has decided to serve out his pentence, and
the editor is now one of a gang of striped
convicts working on the public streets.
The question of whether the constitution
followed the flag to Hawaii is one which
many people would like to have decided
by the Supreme Court of the United
States. One of the Circuit Judges here,
taking a view opposed to that of Judge
Estee. has already released a prisoner who
was convicted of an infamous crime with
out a Grand Jury indictment, but the Cir
cuit Judge to whom Marshall's appeal
went held the other way. The result is
the release of one man and the conflrma-'
tion of the sentence of another, though
both appealed on exactly the saxne points.
Signer Marconi has sent to Hawaii a
new expert from London to investigate
the cause of the failure of his system
here.. The Hawaiian Wireless Telegraphy
Company cabled to London, stating that
the system would not work, and one of the
leading experts was at onc3 started to
Hawaii. The distances over which it is
necessary to send messages in connecting
the islands are not as great as have been
covered in Europe, and it is thought that
the new expert will be able to make the
system a success.
*,-, —
Appellant Decides to Serve Cut His Terra
•Kather Than Appeal to the
Supreme Court.
DIVERGENT OPINION RENDERED.
Refuses to Release a- Pris
oner on a Technicality
ol Legal Procedure,
. — * — . —
TV • i ft T 1
Decision of Judge
¦M..-M. Estee HI
Honolulu,
FLAG DOES
NOT FOLLOW THE
CONSTITUTION
The chip Trei^hs . 2M; pounds knd. has a
rapacity of thr«?« to five;, men. ' R« -mftxlr
DtOBa spe^d is 100 miles ;>er ho-ur. The ir>.i
::aI trip will be from Gltn *ibtt to AVaco.i
e distance of twenty railed, it is : pro*
fioaefl to mai'.e a joiirriey to New VqtK.Jn
tue ship ahoul November 2%:. ¦: ¦'-" ..::'¦
W. D- Oustfird, the lnv*ntpr. ; and rht-iii
bers of the cctnpany. mh-j arc *reil kpiiv.-n
B!id conservative buslij^smeft/xiaim that
th?re h- no question as to the praeUcabH
i;y of the airship. Th>y iirenounce it :to.
be the most wouuprfsil invii.'ntJD'i of Use
ajre. ....:•;¦•. ¦.¦•:•.,.-;' ..••¦.:./:.:.-
AUSTIN. Tex., Nov, . 1-The ; Custard
Airship Coxapany, which has. a cajpltai.
etock of $i'X).O0O. will complete 1lI& f5r«t; «ir-
Fhip at tbe factory at;:Elm Koitt iii" a! few
Cays. . . >.;•¦; ..! ¦ i :'^:~::\]:/<:y : :- '¦/
SpedaJ Dispatch to The Call.
Hare Full Faith in Their Crafted
Call It the Most Wonderful: ,
Invention of the. : - . i :
Trip Projected by Enthusi
astic Party: of ¦ :
Texans.- ; : ; :;•
TO NEW YORK
IN AN AIRSHIP
TRYING TO CORROBORATE
THE JONES CONFESSION
Several Men Implicated in the Conspiracy to
¦ Get Possession of Rice's Property*
THE SAN FRAKCISCO ' CALL, SATURDAY, .NOVEMBER 3, 1900.
Was the Last Mayor of New York City
Before Its Consolidation With Brooklyn*
WILLIAM L. STRONG GOES
TO HIS ETERNAL REST
Warehouse ¦
de
are-
rUti'st
5.*X'.
PARIS. Ky.. Nov. 2.— Fire to-day de
stroyed R. B. IIutchNcraft's large ware
house and other buildings. • contain* list
wheat. grn?s seed and wool. Loss ST5.*X'.
Cardinals. .• " . • ...-;.-¦ \'-.' '¦
This information has: been revived in
Washington from an authoritative source.
Mgr. Doia Volpe. who Is 53- years old. Is
the youngest of the four and has held hi*
present office for many years. The incum
bent of this post, it is stated, usually :i«
raised to a cardinalate. tie also ha$ helu
the office of Maestro di Camera, whose
functions are practically those of- first
Chamberlain to the Pope.: -Mgr. Tripepi
has had a successful administration as
Assistant Secretary ol State. He is par^
tlcularly celebrated as a Latin scholar.
Mgr. Oenf-rl hvUl one of the highest of
fices In the church, and hi3 principal. worts
in the past has tepj; in connection wltTi
[the disciplinary phase of the church. M<jr.-
Delloleo is not so well known as the
others. - • . . ¦ ..¦...: . .' ¦•-..- .
"WASHINGTON^ Nov. •£.— It\ '.Is under-
Stood that at the next conststory io bo
held in Rome, probably this month, Mgr.
Dola Volpe. Magglor Domo of. the- Vati
can at Rome- M«r. Tripepi, Assistant Sec
retary of State of the Church at Rome:
Mgr. Generi. Assessor of the Holy Office
at Rome, and Mgr. Delloted. an Arch
bishop in Southern Italy. Wlfl be macte
Cardinals' Hats Await Iffgrs. Dolft
Volps, Tripepi, Generiand Del
loleo, Who ITo-w Hold
High Offices. i . . .
Important Announcement to
Churchmen Comes :
Prom Rome.
ELEVATION OF
FOUR PRELATES
GOULD WILL PAY
CASTELLANE'S DEBTS
Richard Cachard Appointed Counsel
for Countess at Her Own
Bequest.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— Resnectins the
Castellanes' financial affairs, Richard
„
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tAmnE^TlSEME^TS.
REWARD OR MERIT,
A . NewvCavtatfTli Cure Secures National
Poptdarity'ifii I/fss Than One Year.
. Throu-Thout a . gr^at ration of eia-hty '
¦ taiUion it is-a desperate, struggle tr> jt*- . '¦
C-re a titspogtotifa for a n*vr article.
;tQ eay.Tinth'hEr of arlrifving, popular fa-
vor, and yet within o»e year Stuart'* Ca-
¦ta'rrh Tablets, the rip w catarrh cure', has
: met wKh'Buch t>ucceas that to-day it can
¦b* fouxHl-ln every <3rue atore throughout
;'tM .United .States aed Canada. ;
" To be; 6ure\ a large '.¦amount of adver-
tli'.ng was:n*ces9afyln the first Instanc*
. to .brine the remedy; to the attention of
the) public: hut.: every one : famlllar -with
;trie STjbject knows that advertising; alon«
nevfr rha<?f .eny article permanently ruc-
cefsful.' It must have In addition, abso-
. lute. und*>nlftbK» m^rit. and this the new
catarrh; cure <;€rtainly possesses In a
deprre. - : -
: Physician?. who formerly depended upon
• inhalers, sprays ar.d local washen or oint-
'ments pow use Stuart'B Catarrh Tablets
: because, "as : on* of th« most prominent
etated. ¦ these: tablets; contain In pleasant,
convenient form all th-e really efficient ca-
tarrh reinedle:*. Fuch a» red gum, Guaacol
Eucalyptol and Sangulnarla. ¦ ¦¦
They contain .no cocaine nor"oplate and
«re riven to Httto children with entire
¦eafety a-nd -benefit.. _-¦
.Dr. X J. Reitigcr of Covlngrton. Ky..
rays: "1 suffered from catarrh hi my head
and throat every fall, with stoppage of
the nose and itritation In the throat af-
fecting my voice and often extending to
the etomach. causing catarrh of the stom-
ech. I bought a fifty-cent package of Stu-
art's Catarrh Tablets at my druggist's,
carried them In my pocket and osed them
faithfully, and the way In which they
cleared rtiv head and, throat was certainly
rr markable. I had no catarrh last winter
¦r.nd Fprfng and consider myself entirely
ir> e from any catarrhal trouble."
Mrp. Jerome Ellison of Wheeling. XV.
•Va. writes: I suffered from catarrh near-
ly my whole life and last winter my two
children also FUfTered from catarrhal
colds and 6ore throat so much they were
out cf school a larpp portion of the win-
der. Mr brother who was cured of ca-
iarrha.1 deafness by using Stuart's Ca-
ts rrh Tablets rrped me to try th.em ro
much that I did so. and am truly thank-
ful for what they have d*ne for myself
and my children. I always keep a box
/>{ tb« -tablets in the house an«J at the
first appearance of a co!d or *ore throat
we riip.lt in the bud and catarrh Is no
longer a household affliction with us. .
F'ull fixed parkacres of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets are sold for fifty cents at all
After this wonderful result Mrs. Hawkins de-
elded to devote her life to th« work of helping;
her sisters everywhere whom she, found suffer-
ing as she' had suffered from the effects of al-
of Anr?rt*a to-day who have drlnk-affllcted
futhers, husbands or sons, and seeing nothing,
but a lifetime of mtsery for herself If some-
thing waa not done, she determined to over-
come this . fearful evil If possible. Her search
for a . harmless, perfect and secret home cure
waa at last rewarded when an old friend came
to her and gave her a remedy which had never
t*en known to fall. Mrs. Hawkins gave the
remedy seeretly and In a few weeks, to her
great Joy. her dearest . relative was entirely
cured of his appetite for drink and was again
restored : to ' health and manhood.
Mra. Hawkins treasures hundreds of testi-
monials received from thankful friends. She
holds each grateful letter sacred, but tha fol
lowing are published (by the request of the
writers) in the hope that thePmay £ !„*
[he a t n r 8 e,.tme h n a t: teni 7 "^ '° "* "*
brining sunshine Into my & La« "lul, °l
I not your remedy and began Trlvlnt ft t^Uf 1
Kast Hampton, Me. MRS. Ha. LA.NE
mimm
mmmm
Paterson. N. J. M anjJbrsoN'.
LYter «L ~, l< Mr * Hawkins treat* every
you need h.v!2 IV t 8 .! acredly confidential and
P ?o% e^,,Y 8 ta n n^ hMl f^^ W^T r^rne lt h n ef
Box 410 ' Grand Rapids, Mich.
eohol upon a husband, father or ion. With
the assistance of others she perfected the orig-
inal treatment and now offers to send this
treatment free to any distressed wife, mother
or sister who will write for It. Mrs. Hawkins'
great desire Is tha4 every woman who needs
this medicine will write at onca to h-r and
g-et It.
Any true woman might well be proud to have
saved one poor soul from the shackles of drink,
but Mrs. Hawklni has redeemed thousands by
her noble and practical work among; those who
have been victim* of intemperance. Mrs. Haw-
klni for yean suffered the gritt and anguish
shared by aq many true and faithful women
Mrs. May Hawkins Will Help Every
-\ Woman Save a Drunkard,
A Trial Package of Her Marvelous Home Treatment
;{"' FRBB for the Asking.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt -
Hakes weak men and women strong; and strong
pin and women stronger. Rconas I *a4 i »",
Pott it, San Francisco, C«L
torn. CHICHESTER-3 ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
M —/£*%. «._ Orlaaaal nmi Only Beaalae.
>-f{ vS&fll *•» CIIICHKSTER'S E.NGUSU
•^ other. B<-fti«a
TO W"* *iJ Da««er*«s SabatltBtloas and Ialta.
J / ,. {[) tl«n «. Bay of yoir Dra^lst. or usd t c . (a
I <••'¦ Jf Mampsfcr Parttealarm Testimonials
V^t ff> »»¦»" Rrllrf r«rLaiMc»."<» fetter, hj ,*.
«Jv * ff ?¦«"¦ Mall. 1 0,«MK> T«*tln»Bla!.«. S..M b»
/ «n DruuUt*. C'ktokeoter CfcemWl Cl
Uentlooial«j:»pCT. UxJlaon S»<*..are. Fillip.. I'.v
At a. meeting of the Board of Directors of tht
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, h-ld on tha 24th
lnst It was unanimously-resolved 'that on an>j
after the lith day of November next a fee of
two dollars (I2.C0) p«r month shall b« charged
for each box-stall used at the Ingleslda Rac«
Track th* proceeds to ba used for the main-
tenance of the race track.
1 F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
NOTICE !
Tlio best evidence ot th» popularity of
the. "hotels can b. found In the continue*
natrnna** of those who on some previous
£c»ron* 9 havr made them their head-
quarters when Tlaltine Pan Francisco.
Connected by a covered paaeageway and
rpera?ed under one management on tHa
American and European plan.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
THE SEVENTH AMENDMENT OJtf
THE TICKET— FRO"VIDIXG FOR THE
PAYMENT OF TEACHERS' SALAR-
IES AXD OBLIGATIONS DUE TO .
Merchants of San Francisco
VOTE FOR
Senate S|S^:|'|S
Constitutional
AmendmentMOais
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¥i «3 frptfl fe.^'f^J t^» MS? >Jt4 '
I/ho e/~
IMotherB.brlnsrtheehndrento
the new shoe store to-day— it's
children*! day, and we made
I 1 shoe prices particularly at-
tractive. .
We want you to become bet-
|. ter acquainted with this big.
roomy, convenient store, so
1 we offer bargains that must
appeal to all careful buying
mothers. - 1 . -;r. ¦:'. •-,
Chtld'a Iac* Shoe. kid., spring
heel, rawhide tip for better
wear— «lze* ¦ to S *I.2i> j
Plies 9 to 11 431.' IS \
Children's Dresa She?, lace, kid.' ,
patent leather tip, extension i
sole, spring: heel— site* S 1 .] to )i
11 4U.45 j.
Misses' size, 11H to l....f 1.7O
Our Iron-Clad School Shoes for »•
boys and youths — strong. I;
steady, durable shoe, but natty * >
and pleasing;— sixes 11 to I .
I 4J1.TO [i
Sise 2H to 6 l.»5 i
LIPPITT&FISHER
UHo-tete Sloes of Qaatfiy, i
945 MARKET ST., S. F., Gal. (FLEES FROM THE WRATH
OF MYTHICAL: ENTITIES
Frcin Hospital, but Is Be-
Kan Who Attempted Suicide Escapes
captured
SAN JOSE, Nov. 2.— With a Jagged gash '¦
In his throax reachine from ear to ear j
and with an hallucination that enemies \
were pursuing him Frederick Annocles '
«ca;pe<r-2rpm a r.urse at the County Hos- j
pita!' last- -night. The Constables .arid ;
Sheriff's deputies made a vigorous .search i
all last night and to-day for the man,!
and late this afternoon he was discovered
at the Stacy ranch, on the .Monterey road.
Annocles. -who is. a Belgian ranch em
ploye, about 50 years of age, attempted
to kill . himself oh Wednesday .night .at
the Stacy ranch -by cutting his. throat. A
ragged wound was made, but the artery
&r*d. .windpipe were not severed. . He s.ui.
fered m'uch pain from loss of .Wood-. •• '
Ancocles was brought to the Receiving
Hospital. ..Many. stitches were required tp
sew up the wound. in his throats It be
oatoe':apparent the .man was. Insane, lie
eaid ¦ enemies- were pursuing him "and
threatening Wo kill him. : Yesterday An
nocles was /sent to the County. Hospital
.for treatment, the officials having decided
to h«;ve him examined for iTiearrfty as
- goon -as. the. wound had healed. ' ,.¦.•••¦
r' "List night he became raving -mad! • He/
: imagined h« was about to be hanged, and
. It'jtook a -couple of men to hold. him. He.
¦. }iri.sl!y quieted down, but .pftortly ¦¦ after
ward; when; t,he nurse's head was' turned.
he; escaped, from the building. • ' ' It • was
feared he would kill either; himself of
¦ some -one <*lse* .'¦•¦¦' :"" ¦ . • . ' ¦¦¦¦¦'. '•¦• ¦¦¦¦ ¦ : : ¦ '
This afternoon the man appeared At the
Stacy . ranch again. The Sheriff's office
was .- notified and ah officer went out and
¦ brought him tn.--.Y- ; .- .vv : : ..¦..-¦ .-• ,- ,
Murphys Pioneer I>rowTie<i.
3ITJRPHTS. Nov. 2.-The body of Milo
Terrj- was found. in thV water tank of the
electric plant here this .morning. Terry
was a pioneer ditch tender, for years in
the employ of the Union Water Company
at its station five miles above town He
evidently fell into j th^ water and was
drowned, his body floating six miles to
the tank.. H» leaves a larpe family. Ter
ry was «. member of the Ancient Order of
I- cited Workmen: and Masonic fraterni
ties. He will be buried by the Masons on
Surday.. •¦ ¦ . • 'i . :-¦¦. "-; .. ¦ ¦
TRIBUTE OF BAPTISTS
TO CRANE'S MEMORY
Delegates to the Santa Rosa Conven
tion Attend in a Body the Fun
eral of the Pioneer
Churchman.
Spe<dal IMspetch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 2.— The general
Baptist convention of Northern and Cen
tral California in session in the local
Baptist church did but little business to
day because of the funeral of Deacon
Robert Crane, who was president of its
first convention forty-eight years ago.
During the morning session a number
of matters were discussed, after which
Rev. George E. Dye of Willows told the
convention of what the Pacific Baptist,
the church publication, was doing. D. P.
I Ward of Pasadena made a talk about the
publication society of the church. An ad
dress on the Sunday schools waa delivered
by Earl S. Bingham of San Jose, secre
tary of the California Sunday. School As
sociation. Rev. T. S. Young of San Jose
also gave a short address. ¦ '
This afternoon the reports of the for
eign missionary work were taken up.
There was a lengthy discussion on next
year's work In this direction, but nothing
resulted from it. Rev. G. W. Hill o£
Japan spoke of the "Training of Our
Churches for Missions." D. P. Ward
spoke on "Sunday School Mission Work,"
and Rev. E. H. Hayden of Santa Cruz ad
dressed the convention on "The Voice of
God and the Chinese Troubles."
The convention adjourned at 3 o'clock,
to attend the funeral- of the late Robert
Crane. Rev. W. L. Gaston, pastor of tha
local church, conducted the burial ser
vices and was assisted by Rev. Mr. Taft
of Alameda and Rev. Mr. Hayden of
Santa Cruz.
At the evening meeting a historical
paper was read by Rev. C. A. Buckbee of
San Francisco and an address was given
by Rev. E. R. Dennett of Oakland. Dur
ing the session it was decided to have
Rev. Thomas Baldwin of Alameda deliver
the annual sermon at the general confer
ence at Chlco next year.
STANFORD DEBATERS,
Students Compete in the Carnot Pre
liminaries.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 2.-
The first of the Carnot preliminaries were
held this evening. Two debates were con
tested. The question in the first was "Pte
solved, That party allegiance is preferable
to independent action in politics."' W. E.
Sherwood '03 and A. J. Copp '02 supported
the affirmative and W. J. "Wood '01 and C.
F. Dlttmar '02 the negative.
The second debate was on the question,
"Resolved, That it is unwise to attempt
to change the religion of China." The
speakers were A. M. Free '01 and- F. B.
Wagr.er '02 for the affirmative and C. D.
Scott '02 and H.. C. Jones '02 ior the nega
tive.
Professors Miller. Whlttier and B. E.
Howard acted as Judges. Two more de
bates to be held to-morrow night will com
plete the series, when the judges will pick
six men to meet J. F. English "01 and C.
M. Marrack '01, the two varsity debaters
in college this year.
The general field from which the ques
tion for the Carnot debate will be chosen
this year was announced to-day. It re
lates to French civil government.
OCCTTLTATION" OF JTJPITEB..
Phenomenon Witnessed by Scientists
in Australia.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 2.— The oc
cultatlon of Jupiter by the moon, a pne
nomehon which was observed by scientists
of Sydney, Australia, on October . 1, was
the. astronomical sensation of the year
there. The contact was very clear. The
edges of the moon and Jupiter were in line
and apparently touching, though millions
of miles separated them: The planet en
tirely disappeared a minute and a half
after the edges nrst came together.
Nothing more was seen until the edge
of the planet appeared on the bright side
of the moon like a small ball bulging from
the lunar orb. This was observed a little
over an hour, later. The last edge of the
planet broke away from the moon one
minute and eighteen seconds later.
. »
CTTY SUES CITY CLERK,
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. 2.— Some
time ago this city passed a special ordi
nance to purchase a small tract of land
adjoining the city hall from the Gutierrez
estate on which to erect a suitable build
ing, to accommodate officials who are now
quartered over a noisy Fire Department
and stables. The price agreed upon was
$1600. The necessary documents were pre
pared, but City Clerk Davis refused to
attach his official signature. ; Proceedings
were begun in the Superior Court to com
pel him to do so. He employed counsel
and stood trial. To-day Judge Day.ren
dered a decision favoring < Davis,- on the
ground that the ordinance did not specify
to what use the land was to be put. : •-
Vancouver Japanese Threatens to
DEMANDS BIGHT TO VOTE.
Appeal to the Courts.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Nov. 2.— A Japa
nese named Temml has demanded to be
placed on the voters* lists here, threaten
ing appeal to the courts as a naturalized
British citizen if refused. He will ask for
a declaration that the British Columbian
law excluding Chinese and Japanese from
voters' rights is unconstitutional. ' The
question Is most Important, as the Japa
nese -would hold the balance of power la
several constituencies if allowed to vote.
ITS SHIPS WILL PUT
IN AT LOS ANGELES
New York - Hawaiian Company's
Agreement With the Jobbers of
.. the Southern California
. . Metropolis.
Sf*-rtal IMspateh to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 2.— The Los An
geles Jobbers" Association has induced the
New York-Hawaiian Steamship Company
to agree to have Its vessels touch at one
of the Los Angeles ports. There will be
i monthy service of these vessels from
New York around Cape Horn to Los An
geles, thence to San Francisco and the
Hawaiian Islands, and a. duplicate return
service.
Heretofore It has been necessary in
making shipments by the Pacific Mail
steamship line for Los Angeles merchants
to pay tne local tariff between Los An
geles and San Francisco, in addition to
the steamer tariff, with the exception of a
rate put into effect recently on westbound
frfignt. whereby there is a rebate of the
local railroad rate. But even under that
condition the San Francisco merchants
have had an advantage of several days In
the : receipt -of their goods. Under the new
arrangements Los Angeles will have every
advantage any other city has, and the
'freight rate will be .considerably under
that of the railroads,
: It has been the belief that the Pacific
Mail has kept out of Los Angeles through
pome agreement -with the Southern Pacilic
Railroad,: with which.it has : been .closel y
;alll<?d,. and the recent report that the
steamship line and the railroad are about
•to pass :Uhder. separate managements may
imply" that, the -- steamship .owners will
hereafter- consult their own interests
rather than the Interests of the railroad.
This.^ould be to the benefit of Los An
geles. • ... '.' ¦..¦.-....
AITSTB.AXIAN OFFICIALS
: ELUDED BY MURDERERS
Futile Chase After Maori Salfbreeds
\ Who Have; Committed Many*
, ' •• ..'¦. Crimes.
; VANCOUVER. B. C, Nov. 2.— The Aus
tralian police have been baffled by the
Bee-long murderers. . ¦. Seven months ago
the entire Colony was startled by a series
of murders which took place within one
hundred miles! of Sydney. Two well known
desperaioes, Jimmy and Joe Governor,
Maori halfbreeds, were the only ones of
the murderers who escaped from the
posse. Two families had been wiped out
of existence and their money taken. The
Governors were the ringleaders and got
away with most of the booty. Since that
time they have been driven from place to
place by the police, whom they stead
fastly defy.
• The Governors have several times been
aided by Maori natives. On one occasion
they were sleeping in a barn when they
were surrounded by the officers. The
tarn was set on nre and the men then
fought their way out and got clear away,
leaving two dead policemen on the field.
Ten days later two sheep ranchers were
held up in bushranger style and all of
their possessions confiscated by the ban
dits. Two weeks later they killed a
woman.
Just before the Aorangi sailed for Van-
couver a proclamation was issued by the
Chief Justice of New South Wales declar
ing the men to be outlaws, so that they
m.'iy lepally be shot down If It is found
Impossible to capture them alive.
SECOND TRIAL OF WINSHIP,
Slayer of Frank Narvaez Pleads Self-
Defense.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 2.— The second'trlal of
Thomas Winship for the murder of Frank
Narvaez on June 4 last Is being heard in
Judge Lorigan's court. A Jury was ob
tained this forenoon and the taking of
testimony began at the afternoon session.
The killing occurred in the Universal res
taurant in thrs city.
Dr. C. E. Hablutzel, Vv'illiain Herrtck.
Tony Ablizaldo and Victor Marinovich
were the witnesses examined. The testi
mony showed that Narvaez and Winship
became involved In a drunken row while
eating in the restaurant. Words led to a
tussle, during which Winship shot Nar
vaez in the neck. Winship then paid hia
bill and walked coolly out of the restau
rant and was not arrested until the next
day. He admitted the shooting of Nar
vaez, but claimed to have acted in self
defense.
Shot by a Companion.
PETALUMA, Nov. 2.— Joseph Clark,
while hunting to-day near Lakeville, was
shot and seriously wounded by a com
panion. A charge of No. 8 shot struck
Clark in the face and breast. Only the
long range at which it was fired saved
him from death. He was hunting for
quail and Clark went into a ravine to get
a bird. His companion shot at a quail fly-
Ing In line with him. The shot penetrated
so deep lhat they could not be extracted.
The wounds are severe, but are not fata'..
Special rMsrateh to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 2.— John Matthews,'
who is said to be the "black sheep" of a
rich and prominent Oakland family, is
wanted by the police on a charge of petty
larceny. For some time freight has been
stolen from cars at the broad-gauge
depot, and last night Robert Byers, the
watchman, caught Matthews In* the act-
He succeeded In making his escape, but
the watchman this morning swore to a
complaint in Justice Wallace's court.
Matthews Is a man of good education
and is said to have a monthly allowance
of $150. He has been a Heavy drinker,
and while intoxicated is a kleptomaniac.
For these reasons Matthews' family sent
him away from home and provided a
monthly competence for him. For some
time he has been in San Jose. Several
times he has been caught carrying away
articles not his own, but when caught
he always pleaded kleptomania and made
restitution by paying for the goods. By
this mode he has escaped prosecution.
RENEWS MAIL SERVICE
WITH SAN FBANCISCO
New Zealand Government Asks Par-
liament to Approve a Contin
uance of Contract.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 2.—Austra
lian advices indicate the probable selec
tion of Albury, N. S. W., as the capital of
federated Australia. Lord Hopetown, the
first Governor General, will arrive In Syd
ney on December 1. The federated colo
nies are making strong objection to the
proposed incorporation of the Fiji Islands
by New Zealand.
The New Zealand Government has asked
the approval ol the Parliament of that
colony for one year of the agreement with
J. D. Spreckels & Bros. Company for a
continuance of the San Francisco mail
service once every three -weeks. Instead of
every four weeks, the time between San
Francisco and Auckland to be not more
than sixteen days. The payment for the
conveyance of mails from New Zealand to
San Francisco shall be at the rate of 10
shillings 6 pence per pound for letters, 1
shilling per pound for books and 6 pence
per pound for newspapers.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postofflce Changes and List of Pen
sions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— Edward Asa
bez, San Simeon; John W. Atkinson, Bet
teravia, Santa Barbara Count". Oregon-
Benjamin W. "Waybill. Arcadia-
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
California: Original— Robert T. Norrls.
Perrls. $6; Benjamin McLeran, San Diego,
$8. Restoration and increase — Benjamin
Oswald, dead, San Jose, $12. Increase —
Carr C. Crum, Rcdlands, $10; Spencer D.
Butler. Santa Ana, 410; James Murphy
Saji Francisco. $10; George Coffee. Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $12; Orlando H.
Lee, Veterans' Home, Napa. $12; John
Moriarty, San FrancUco, $3; Harvey S
Morse. Ontario, $10. Original widows-
Minors of Michael Armstrong. Los Ange
les, $10: Aurora Oswald, San Jose, *8
Mexican "War survivors: Increase — C. Le
tham. Veterans' Home, Napa, $12
Oregon: Reissue— Zachariah C. Wilson
Jr., Vale, $6.
Washington: Mexican War survivors
Increase — William Marshall. Toledo, $12.
STEALS CARBOLIC ACID
INSTEAD OP WHISKY
Too Much Haste in Quenching Thirst
Costs a Steamer Waiter
His Life.
SEATTLE. Nov.' 2."— The steamship St.
Paul arrived in port to-day from Nome
with 132 passengers and $100,000 in treasure.
The steamer left Nome on October 20 and
stopped at Unnlaska, leaving that port on
the 24th. On the voyage south consider
able rough weather was encountered
On October 27 W. Singleton, an English
waiter employed on the steamer, died as
the result of swallowing a quantity of
carbolic acid, taken by mistake for whis
ky. He went secretly to the doctor's state
room and .In his hurry took a drink from
the bottle containing- the acid instead of
the whisky bottle. Everything possible
was done to save his life, but to no pur
pose. He died within a few minutes after
swallowing the poison and was burled the
next day at sea.' '
Warrant Sworn Out by a San Jose
Watchman for the Arrest of
John Matthews of
Oakland.
PLEADS KLEPTOMANIA
TO EXCUSE THIEVERY
PRUIT WAREHOUSE
AND BARN" BURNED
Heavy Losses Caused by Two Confla-
grations Near the Garden
City.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 2.— A large warehouse
containing 200 tons of dried prunes, be
longing to Mrs. A. Armetta, near Berry
essa. was destroyed by fire last night. The
building was erected only a few months
and contained a grader, trays, boxes and
other equipments of a drier. The loss is
S15,000. partially insured. Great headway
had been gained by the fire before it was
discovered and nothing was saved
_A large barn and stable belonging to
Harry Agnews on the Agnews stock farm
five miles south of the city, were burned
last night. The nre Is believed to have
been the work of an incendiary. A valu
able trotting mare. 225 tons of hay. farm
implements, buggies and harness were de-
Mi£ y i ' The l0SS wlU about ie0Q0 - vAth
$3400 insurance.
Burglar Outfit Captured.
CHICO, Nov. 2.— Officers who yesterday
arrested ex-Convicts Pressler and Free
man have found three satchels belonging
to the prisoners containing a full set of
burglar tools, a pint bottle of nitro
glycerine, eleven sticks of giant powder
caps, etc. They contained also black
masks, drills and fuse. Four watches re
cently stolen here were found in their
possession.
STATISTICAL MAP OF THE PACIFIC OCEAN AND THE SHORES IT WASHES, JUST ISSUED UNDER THE DIRECTION OF O P AUSTIV CUVPW
OF THE BUREAU OF STATISTICS. UNITED STATES TREASURY DEPARTMENT. IT SHOWS THE POSITION OF MANILA WITH* RFFFH
ENCE TO THE COMMERCE OF THE ORIENT AND OCCIDENT. * uri ""
"The merest glance at the map Just is
sued: by the United States Treasury De
partment," said E; Ellsworth Carey of the
Manila <P, I.) Times yesterday, "will re
veal'the future greatness of the capital
of the. Philippines. Few realize to-day
the great commercial empire that can be
controlled ffom the shores of Manila Bay.
It Is within easy reach of every city In
the Orient; cables connect It with all
points of importance, and steamers going
out: can reach; the great markets of the
East in from three, to five.days.
: "Manila is now in the center of a sec
tion ¦'.¦ the -yearly ¦ commerce of which
reaches C.3ob,000,tXp<y. In time . her vast
emporiums ; and Warehouses . will be the
distributing point for American goods in
the Orient and 'she will be the Queen of
the. East. Many steamship lines will con
nect directly with Manila from San Fran
cisco and other, ports of the north.
' '••Oriehtai trade- is. only in . its .infancy
and at preterit the portion controlled by
the t'ntjed States is .insignificant. AVe
hiihdle twenty perccn.t of the trade with
Japan, but only: a' nominal portion of the
commerce, -of . cither . Eastern . countries.
Probably less .than ten per. cent of the
commerce of ¦ China, Hongkong .and the
jPhliippines .Is eoiHrqHed. by the United
States. , This country is ninth in the list
of countries doing business with India,
and we have practically no trade with
Slain. Ceylon,; ; P.utch : .East Indies; or the
Straits .Settlements.. ! : The United States
controls bniy four -per cent of the foreign
trade from ; . Siberia down the Chinese
coast to ; Java. ; .' .:¦-¦ • : ¦• '• •• ¦ ¦.
; ¦"In: the East is an. unlimited market for
all ¦ our .products. . We only have to find
ships and load them with out various pro
ducts. The teeming millions of the East
will; take all we can send and cry "more."
"San Francisco stands . to-day at the
dawn . of a new era;' every day will see
her. power and prestige increase, and
every day -.'-. will. . Wttries$' an exten
sion of her commercial, power in the
Far East: Her foreign trade will grow
steadily until It reaches proportions now
undreamedof." . . :
Possibilities of the
% Field of Which
; It Is the Com-
Center.
Its Advantageous Situation in the Pacific With Direct Cable and Steamship Communi
cation With the Trade Centers of the Orient Pointed Out
PICTURES MANILA AS DISTRIBUTING POINT
FOR COMMERCE OF NEWLY AWAKENED EAST
Erecial Disratch to Th« Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Xov. 2.^-Counsel for A.
K. Zlegler. who pursued his wife frcm
her home to the county road and cut he"
throat and afterward attempted? to kill
himself, are basing their hope of obtain
ing his freedom on the plea of insanity.
AH of the evidence introduced on behalf
of the defense Is in support of the con
tention that Ziegler is insane.
Paris Ziegler of Philadelphia, brother of
the defendant, in a deposition which was
read, declared • that the defendant re
sembled his father and that his grand
father pa his father's side was Insane and
spent two years in an asylum. Two of hi-*
father's sisters, a brother and a ntece also
were Insane. Ziegler. In an affidavit, said
his. mother died in an Insane asylum, but
the deposition proved the contrary.
. William Beverly Sharp told o* having
heard Ziegler say that Mrs. Zlegler. by
finding his pistol, had saved a man's life.
¦ Mrs.. Armstrong was called to the' stand
by the defense. . Said she :
"I took, care of the house when Mrs.
Ziegler Was in 3an Francisco. At times
Zlegler would go through the house cry
ing 'Cad.. Cad.' and he seemed very much
worried • and excited. I have seen Mr.
Zlegler walk up and down with a pistol
in his hands when not excited any moro
than usual. At times he would curse. I
don't know if he ever cursed when Mr.
Sharp was present." .-
She said she had. heard him say ha
would kill Mr. Sharp.
"I told him he didn't want to do any
thing of that kind. All this time he- was
very cool. On the night of the tragedy,
after calling Mr.. Sharp. I went out to the
front gate. When the Juds© came in the
dining-room he said to me: 'Yes. I hava
done the. deed; she's lying down the road.
If you remain in the room I will cut my
throat before you.' ;Hj was very cooi
when he said this." '
Otto Buckow testified that at on© time
he worked for Zlfffler and for two or threa
days at a time Ziegler would not speak a
word. Then he would suddenly become
very talkative.
Dr. J. F. Christal and Ehr. H. H. Clark
were questioned In regard to the condi
tion of Insane persons, with the object
of proving the insanity of Ztegler. Tha
case will be finished to-morrow.
Swears That Numerous Relatives of
the Prisoner Passed Part
of Their Days! in • '; .
. Asylums. •:
EASTERN BROTHER'S DEPOSITION
Insanity the Defense in
the Murder Case at/
. Santa Cruz. WM
ATTEMPTING TO
PROVE ZIEGLER
IRRESPONSIBLE
Special Diip&tch Jo To« CaJL
EAJCTA B ARBAFtA. Kpv- 2.— Th< case
of John S. Bei. vs. George St&acke e't al,
•was decided to-day in jayor. of the plain
tiff by Judga W. S. Day, In the Superior
Court, fitaacke, as trustee, claimed the
right -to cell a. portion or all or the lan.i
to reimburse the estate for: i&bney leaned
to John 6. Bell by his late uncle, Thoinas
Bell of San Francisco. •. The ceurt holds
that Staacke is only a iioinina.l : trustee and
that Bell is the oiily one who has a right
to diepose of the rancho.- .. ¦-•; •.•—•¦,¦
¦ In .1674 Thomas ileli" iof : : San .Francisco
• grave to his nephew. John S. : Bell* •. 14,000
icres comprising the I>os Alamos rancho,
this county,, sujvpusiiig lhav Its ¦ income
woujd support john and bis family '<¦ The
yuun^er neUL not ' possessing the business.
sagacity of the uncie, >tiuandered the 1n
coirie ami njucli ..*nor<-r, calling:, ¦upon
Thomas from time to time. In small pay
in.er.xs J50.000 was ¦¦ advanced,, foriwnlch
John S. Btrll deeded AmOi acres of the ranch
back t.. his uncle.'-: •' :. -• :¦.¦ : ¦¦:¦'•. .' '.-.'¦
In. 1SS7 Thonnis and. Jolin united in a
F&le of the ranch to one <3royer for $250,
•ouO." Of this tl'JjJjQ, -.vritA notes ¦¦ andvnwrt
ga^res for security of deferred payments,
was receiyea by- Thbnaas J3eli. : : cjrover.
could not make his. .payments - and ;¦ the.
ranch reverted 16 the Jaelis.. To make any
claim of ¦ Grover. by. right of rederrtptloh
Invalid, the land «as "dt-eded to; Sruacke.
but Thomas and Juhxi continued to direct
it and receive th» pronts, Which- were
placed to the litter's credit..: At all times
-triendly relations eslst^d between: the- two
¦yells. The dec!5iori recites that '•"Thomas'
;nev«r refiiseii to advance, money.' .lie
grumbled,', complained •'; and . admpntsh^d,
but always honored the demand.','. ;¦;¦"'...•:
;."¦••. For thirteen years prior to the sale to
•Grover he 'had full care of; thefrahch, re
ceiving the products arid seHing:. them and.
!tun;lr.g over! the jentirereeeipte to. John.
who f readily ran behind. . . When the sale
¦was made Thomas had advanced J125.KKK)
cash to his nepbew. In excessof what the
¦ ratscir produced-: "When Orover failed.
-'Joho pied^edv an 'equitable j interest to
;ThoSiaSr ! who: ; als:a . hadj'pcssesslon. but
¦¦Questions -of juanayemeht ' were, left to
¦ J-ahn. ¦"'¦.¦¦:.."¦':' .""-'< '-. •'•' '-. : -'¦ :¦¦'¦'' . • •¦' ; : :¦
• SLr owing 1 that bis nephew would do.any
thing- for htm ar.d acQuiesce in what he
did,. Thomas Bell, being bard pressed for
TAQr.ey.'. mortgaged : the ranch for 550,000.
I Je .sterns to have had ¦ ; conftdence. that
,m tefeii. John** Tana Were: sold he would .feet
thermoney to. the extent of John's account
iitA. did not CQtistdef the necessity of tak-.
In* "'any kind. of. lien. :•'_. .-•¦ •'-:'- ' . '.«-. •'
• •In'.closlnp- the decision the cosrt states:
.. '^The whole life of the two men wajssuch
¦a* to repel- the, idea ..that Staacke. was to
Ff>ll' this- land iar.d.pay what" John owed.
If.a'riy sale were made, John was to do
it."- .¦'¦ .•;• -.. ¦• •.;¦'¦' ..-.-. ¦ '¦ :¦;.
Defaida&t Hact . Claimed the Right
; ; to Sell tHe I*nd; and -Pay ; ;
'¦V/'y ¦ : xh«: ; "Plainti^s .^^Hq-' ; . ::¦ '¦' :
the Estate.
TIN THOUSAND ACRES INVOLVED
Gets thec pecisio^ : : in His
Suit Against trustee;
Staacke,
JOHN S. BELL
AWARDED LOS
ALAMOS RANCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO /CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1900.
For a Cold: in the Head.
Laxative Eromo-Quinlne Tablets. " v? •
3
BBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBflBBBflBBBBBBBflBflflflBBBBBflBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBB
|ALL WE ASK YOU j
g Is to call and see what we are doing for this a
.| Saturday. You have our guarantee that we 3
;¦ will sell you these goods just as adveitised. S
I BELOW YOU WILL FIND SOME GOOD SNAPS. §
B .'.'•'''.- • • '• ' ." .- ' •' .-• . ; ¦ '.,";.,.
| Saturday, November 3d. {
! *¦.''¦' : ¦¦¦¦. ' • ' - '" : ¦-::.¦'¦: ' . r J
m ' — • ' ¦ : ¦'-'¦ " • ¦ ¦*¦ : '¦'••" •- • ¦¦¦¦•"'"-•¦'*'¦¦¦
¦ Men's all-wool suit in double and single Youth's suits— Just the proper thing for this 5
a breasted sacks. Colors, navy, dark gray kind of weather to keep the cold out; 3
c and Havana brown. Sizes 34 co 44. colors in navy, black and Oxford gray. a
§ Price $4.65. Price $3:65. h S
J Men's fine dress and undress worsted suits Mothers _ A thing or two in : Un^ e^ J
¦ in sacks and four-button cutawavs. Col- A ii _r _,,^ -~° ' A c « tt j a
2 ,, ,'fi Jf 1 * c- Allot our 75c and $r.oo. underwear— »
B ors, blue, black and fancy colors. Sizes C _ WA „_ \? . , 5
a t some are all wool, and some are part ¦
5 4 ° . • wool — we are going to sell at 5
g Price $7.95, 45C. S
g Men's and young men's overcoats — just the :J -C . a
a thing for the cold snap. Colors, navy, We have a full line of Wright's Health All- g
E black and Oxford gray. Size 34 to 44. Wool Underwear — the best known ¦
S Pri^** Jtr brand in America, : , ?
I thrice ' . o ¦
a 18 Men's and young men's dress trousers in *-/ : -"v . '''.'. m
§ many different shades and stripes. All Now, then, you who are troubled with cold ¦
a Slz es. f eet — - lt w jjj pa y ,. ou to ijggp them warm B
3 Pn*Ce $2.45. these days. All wool socks, •; g
¦ Boys' suits in all-wool tweed, in many dif- IOC« . .- » • . _
g guaranteed to wear. Ages 4 to 15. ou who wear Hats — get one of our latest n
tA " Pfir»£k blocks in soft and stiff Hats, neat and a
¦ r ri Ce new shapes at g
¦ Men's and boys* Golf Caps ..IOC! $1*1 G5» ¦
I* COME AND BE YOUR OWN SALESMAN. j
I 01^ M ARKFT <sTRFFT ¦
I 7lv iTlrillliLl O1REEI 9 '• J
J Opposite Mason TH g MONARCH j
¦ Always the Cheapest, g
illllinilinilllNUIIIIIIIIIIHHIIIIIlUIIHHIllllHHHHninB
ANGELS CAMP. Nov. 2.— The Altavllle res-
taurant caught flr» front a defective flue this
mr.ralr,? and was destroyed. Sieman's grocery
was damaged. •
; POSTTJM CEEEAI* \ : :
{DECEIVED HUSBAND
./. ; . But He Seems to like It
"T* tised to buy our: coffee from an
:?t.i of a. coffee house In — —. who came
once ¦ a monti to talce our order. When
we. would run out. we boug-ht package
coffee ; f roni a lopal grocer and ! 'hubby'
¦would always raise more or less of a. row
until: the coffee : . he was used' to came
alQr.g-. -. . . • : ¦ • • :' :
"One tlrae • I . concluded to serve some
Postum Food Coffee v/ithout his knowing
it. Hubfcy remarked that: he ras glad tp
knew; the. regular coffee man had g-ot
slongar.d he was very- much pleased. He
had not! the slightest, idea it was Postum
and j let. this run alone for about two
•months, serving him Postum every day
A. lady jruest at out table remarked that
would like to know, how I made cof-
fee, as hers always had a bitter laste ; I
thought It was. a -^ood time to tell the
•truth ¦ and remarked that I always took
four' heaping- teetspoonfuls of Postum
Food : Coffee— ''iVhat" yelled hubby;
•what's ihatr 'Yes, I take four heaping
teaspoons of, Postum to. the pint of wa-
ter.' '. (Hubby was still staring:). 'Let lt
*tand- on the stove until It really bolls
and the>n" allow the actual boiling to con-
tinue Thereafter for fifteen minutes.' You
•can "imagine how he *tared. Finally he
remarked: 'Wtll. |f-the coffee I have
been drinking for two months is Postum
Food Coffee that 4s the only kli-d we will
have in* the house hereafter!*
*T was Lroueht to try Postum, for I
had- * o much trouble with my heart for
four or 'five years, with fainting spells and
eo many limes a day was compelled to sit
down to keep' from falling, could not gJ
up and down cellar on account of dlzzi-
ness and a sick feeling at my stomach;
< ould hot eat anything greasy.
"After a- thorough examination by the
doctor I was told that I had catarrh of
the. stomach In the worst form and n«
forbade the use nt either tea or coffee, so I
started in on Postum. leaving- off the old
• offee entirely, as well as tea. I imme-
diately, began to get better and now my
trouble is entirely gone and I . m well In
<\.-ry respect and able to eat anything I
want. 'without distress. I proved to my
own satisfaction that coffee w«-- the cause
of my. trouble." Mrs. F. Shurte. Sisters -
vUle. W. Va.
MONTEREY. Nov. 2.-The abalona cannery
at Point Lobos Is to double its capacity An-
other diving-boat and ganoltne . launch are to
b« added to Its fle«t. The present output of
the factory Is 1500 cans.LUGUBRIOUS, lachrymose and wailing are the reports
that come from the college gridirons. At Berkeley this
man and that man is sent into the repair shops for
every variety of bruise and ossean injury; at Palo Alto
nine out of every ten canvas Jackets are suffering some
ailment. This la the period of injuries, one of the essentials
and attributes of the season. In another week the clouds will
pass away and then the elevens will be so Intent upon team
development that the cry of accidents will give way to the
absorption of hard work.
On the Palo Alto field this afternoon Reliance will meet
Stanford in their !ast engagement this season. Beginning with
next week the California universities will Inaugurate a Bertes
of games with teams representing the University of Oregon
and the University of Nevada.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY/, Nov. 2.— Work on the gridiron
has been light during the past week. With the completion of
their season's work most of the members of the victorious
freshman team have turned in their buRs for the year.
Among those of the first year men who have varsity prospects
are McFadden and Gregory, center; Bansbach, quarter, and
Stanford, halfback. Lunt, a promising candidate for varsity
end, was injured so severely in Saturday's game that he is out
of it for the season. M--'.'
The big team has been badly shaken to pieces by the in
juries of the past week. Fisher, probably the best running half
at Yost's disposal, was laid off a week ago in the alumni game
with a broken collarbone. Slaker is still nursing a pair of
crooked ribs and will not appear in his suit again till next
week. Geissler, another half who is exceptionally, clever with
his straight arm and fast with tho ball, went out of Wednes
day's practice with a displaced shoulder blade. Of the for
wards, De Forest and Traeger are both. wearing bandages, the
former on a sore arm and the latter on a weak ankle, but both
will be In Saturday's game. with Reliance. Raltt, who has been
off e week on account of a' severe flesh wound, will also play
his game at quarter. With so many, of the varsity men on-, the
injured list during the late practices it is to be expected that
the team work of the cardinal will be ragged for some time to
come. The coaches feel that the usual streak of injuries has
been passed and that the men will all be able to participate in
the Thanksgiving match, with the possible exception of Fisher.
The varsity will line up against Reliance on the local oval
next Saturday afternoon for Its last game with tho Oakland
Club men. Though the college team has already won the series
by winning the two previous games, a hard-fought match Is to
be expected. Stanford will line up as follows: Lee, center;
De Forest and Seeley, guards; Burnett and Traeger, tackles;
McFadden and Cooper, ends; Smith fend Allen, halves; Hill,
full: Raitt, quarter.
BERKELEY, Nov. 2.— With the training of the freshman
squad at an end, gridiron work has settled down Into Its final
stage of rounding out the varsity eleven for the big games to
come. On Wednesday California will play the San Jose Nor
mal, and interest is centered on this contest as being an ex
ceUent opportunity to mako comparisons with Stanford, which
has played the same team twice.
Coach Kelly has been drilling his eleven in offensive work
entirely, giving the varsity the ball and forcing It through the
second eleven for several touchdowns every night. This will be
relieved next week by practice In defensive work, and the
varsity will be taught to oppose and break up, the styles of play
now used by Stanford.
Heretofore the plays which Kelly has taught the Berkeley
boys have been of the simplest— straight bucks, crossbucks and
end runs. Until this week nothing more complicated has been
attempted. Now the ends, tackles and guards have been all
tried in advancing the ball. The results have demonstrated
that in the line as well as among the backs California has sev
eral remarkable ground gainers. Protected by splendid inter
ference, Wcmble. Castlehun and Clay have been distinguishing
themselves of late in this, kind of work.
Serious hindrances to satisfactory practice have b«en the
large and apparently growing list of Injured men and the weak
ness of the second eleven. Captain P.ringle and Freshman Cap
tain Starr, ,wbo were injured over two weeks ago. are recover
ing slowly.' It will be the middle of the month before either
can take his place on the varsity. Besides these other promis
ing players are temporarily on the shelf. Dunbar, Ramsaur.
Savage and Hudson are off the line and Whipple, Kaeding and'
Brune the backs. This loss of good, material and the need of
filling the empty places on the varsity squad with second eleven
men have left only a disorganized and unsatisfactory aggrega
tion to play against.
EPIDEMIC OF INJURIES.
AMONG FOOTBALL PLAYERS
FAVON'IUS. ALLOTTED TOP WEIGHT FOR THE OPENING HANDICAP. IF HE FACES THE BARRIER THE
SON CT KINGLIKE WILL HAVE MANY SUPPORTERS, DUE TO HIS SPLENDID EASTERN CONQUESTS
AGAINST THE PICK OF THEM. 7 V^-
BERKELEY HIGH SCHOOL
TEAM TO PLflY AT NAPA
BERKELEY, Xov. 2.— The Berkeley
High School eleven will depart 'to-morrow
for Napa to play the High School team
Ten-Mile Road Race.
The California Associated Cyclists will
hold the ten-mile road race to-morrow.
This event was postponed last Sunday on
account of Inclement weather. The race
will start at 11 a. m. from Fruitvale.
Fifty riders will contest.
Handball Matches.
At the San Francisco Handball Court
the following matches will be played to
morrow morning and afternoon:
W. Williams and J. Lawless vs. D. Con
nelly end W. \% T aJsh; F. Jacoby and W.
Fisher vs. N, J. Prendergast and W. H.
Kedlan; A. McVlcker and T. Leach vs. J.
Condon and T. Foley; E. Barry and J.
Jvlrby vs. D. Regan and J. Foley: J. R.
Bookman and D. J. Sheehan vs. L. water
man and E. McDonough; G. McDonald
and P. McKlnnon vs. M. McNeil and L.
Can-pine: W, H. Sieberst and P. Ryan vs.
J. Killlan and J. J. Cacavan; W. Magnire
iLnd J. Harlow vs. J. Rlordan and E. Cur
ley; M. J. Kilgallon and A. Hampton \-s.
J. White and J. Collins.
SWIMMING RACES
AT SUTRO BATHS
At the Sutro Baths on Sunday the fol
lowing swimming races are on the pro
gramme:
56-yard dash. Juveniles— R. Burns, D.
Harrigan 1 , P. Revert, 8. Grueman, C. Don
ovan, H. Cross, C. Crist, F. Manning, A.
Martinez, D. Shipley. R. Herman, F.
Wolfe, F. Kerwin, E. •Wells. T. McKlllop.
E. Egen, C. Duke. J. Patton, S. Flnnlgan,
D. Hand, J, Mackel. F. Manger, H. Dixon
and M. Rasmy.
Under-watcr swimming, diving for
plates and high diving for boys,' open to
all. - ' •
100-yard race, amateurs— A, Hoffman, P.
wi<i<1ii i(m nmrrwiTfiii tnimirini mttiTif1hrnf»*iin nn i i ' i
Sunberg, F. Ralston. C. Augustus. A.
Reese, L. Scott, L. Boudin, H. Wolbert,
G. Irvine, W. Carroll. L. Ilanlon, J. Gar
diner, T. Thompson. W. Cook, C. Kurran,
A. Clayton, O. Irvine, R, Riding and J.
Bradley.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— J.
Dixon, P. Logan. J. Heckett. C. Butter
worth, L. Bumber, H. Ryan, L. Haywards,
T. Carter, J. A. Jackson, E3. Bell, H.
Leicken, J. Rogers, F. Brown and J. Kelly.
there. A party of about thirty school
boys will accompany the players. Thev
will return Monday evening.
The two teams will. line up as follows:
Napa. ' Position. Berkel*v
Jaensch Center .TT.- MaVoy
Flannigaa Left ruard. .Lamb
Booth. ............ ...Right guard Plummir
Hclden Left tackle.......... f?«k
Thorn Right tackle.. .Parker' (cap" )
Derby..... Left end... MeQueVten
Jordan::; ....Rljrht end Demerrm
R&ymond..; Quarterback .SoIImhW
Jewell : Left half..... ..Sa" t,er
r>uprey Right half a BubS
F. Bush ......Fullback .......'. .VoU
Substitutes: Napa— Raven, Robinson. Leoth.
Bcrkeley^-Stahle, Linscott. Baldwin.
EPILOGUE Of ThjE : ¦
' " YACHTING SEASON
The members of the Oakland Cacoe
Club. : ba the Invitation of: Commodore
Caduc, ¦went fpr .their ' annual cruise last
Sunday in the elooj> Annie - .
The closing ' crai«>e of. the South Bay
Tach-t Club will take place- to-morrow,
wfcllo the Kncinal Yacht Club will bring
the season to an end to-night. :-'¦' -•-¦
Though the sloops Bappho, Thetis. Juan-
Jta and Rambler : of the San Kraaclscos
¦went into the lagoon at Tiburon last Sun
day, the schooners Aggie. Ohispa and Ra
rnona are still lnieoinmission, and. Dr. T.
Li. Hill 'jirfU' continue Bailing in the sloop
CyRTius for eome : time longer. Last Sun
<lay there was a good, steady breeze,
which. Joined wiih.a smooth sea, made
Bailing Very. pleasant. The sloop Siren has
been returned to her owners bv the char
terers, G. T. S. White, J. M. Punnett. et
aL' The yawl Phyllis is at Napa draw
toride, and the cutter Folly Is anchored
in Suisun Creek. Several members of the
Ban Francisco Yacht Club enjoyed & din
.ner.&nd an informal smoker in the Sau
salito cJubhouse last Saturday night.
¦ Tho standing of the league teams jis
a.s foilows: f
Clut>s- PlavwJ. Won. Percent.
?arramtnto ti 43 .573
Fan FVancisco 7S 42 -Ml
Stockton :.... . T<5 • 36 ' .473 '
Oakland : £1 S5 .432
The Senators and the Germans meet
again. At Sacramento this afternoon the
nine consumers of pretzels and Irish stew
will hegiti a series of five games with the
champions, who will undoubtedly be the
champions of next year. Only a Galves
ton could upset , the statesmen's
hold on the pennant, and there is no team
in the league able to supply natural
forces. In sufficient quantity to do the
trick. It seems now that whichever way
the wind blows the Senators will rear
thHr heads above the melee beneath.
The clubs are situated In what will most
likely t>ft' their ulltmate order when the
season is over. The only race which may
change existing team positions is that
for second place,: San Francsico and
Stockton being- the contending teams. Of
late Stockton has be*>n playing a good
quality of ball, advancing step by step,
and at- the present critical stage a streak
of luck for the Millers may shoot their
team into second place before the season
comes to a clone.
It is an-undoubted fact that Sacramento
has easily the best aggregation of base
ball plavers in the league, and their pres
ent position is due to this fact. Luck, on
the other hand, figure? largely In the vic
tories of Stockton and San Francisco.
Oakland is aa it has been for two sea
sons — a ripe representative of the tail end.
Hughey Smith will not call balls and
strikes "safe" or "You're out" any more.
He resigned his position because players
and public showed a disposition to rebel
against bis lightest word. The great fault
with 8mlth was that he did not realize
the importance of his position and as
sume a dignity and positiveness which he
did not possess, whatever his decisions
were doubted he wanted to explain the
process of reasoning by which he reached
them. Then, again, as the small boy on
the bleachers shouted, "his windows
needed cleaning."
Last Sunday at Recreation grounds
Henry Harris committed a diamond sin
that should have cost him several sous.
His contention that the runners, who
scored while the , ground was being
cleared 'of small boys, who came upon
the field at the Invitation of the local
team, crossed the plate. legitimately, was
as puerile ae it was ridiculous. This
was another instance of Smith's pliant
vertebral Joints.
On the home grounds Stockton will
meet Oakland this afternoon. The teams
will line up:
Oakland Position. Stockton.
l,ci.man Catcher Graham
Moskiman Pitcher Johnson
Hutchlnson First base Strelb
j Arrellane* Second ba*e Courtney
Kelly Third base Moore
Francks Shortstop Babbitt
Bownian Left field.'... .McCarthy
Drenn&n Center field McOueken
Held BlKht field MrHale
Sacramento Conceded
. to Be Easy Pen
nant Winners
LOCALS AND
SENATORS
AGAIN.
On the Presidio links this afternoon
there will be a tournament over eighteen
holes, match play, between class A and
class B of the Fan Francisco Golf Club.
It. is expected that the following players
will represent clapp A: H. B. Goodwin,
l John ..La'wson, • 1>. J. McCutchen. J. W.
Byrne. Lansing P. Kellogg, H. Golcher, H.
' D. Plllsbury and one or two others. In
; class H will be; Warren Gregory. J. H.
'M«e, .W. H. La Boyteaux. %Vorthington
'>mes, Leonard Cher.ery. M. S. Severance
Rolla V. Watt, L. B. Edward?. Captain
tH. Rumbaugh nnd \V. J. Duttnn. The
details of tae handicap to be given
'to class B -will be decided just before the
jTilay begins, but it will certainly not be
Jess. than a stroke oh each of the long
! liol.cs.- ..." . •¦
On election day the jrolfers will be busy.
At 11:30 a. m. there will be. a putting- con
tieyt. four ballp on each preen, among the
. mtmbc-rs of the San Francisco Golf Club.
At 1:20 p, m. ihp qualifyiiig round, over
eighteen hole?, medal play,- for tbe com
r«.t1tJcii for. the council's cup will be
played, the e:'Rht lowest scores to take
'¦ jiart in th« opening round, match play, of
the cornet for the troT/hv on November
I'JL ¦ The SfKii-ftr.al round will be played on
Norficbfr 37 and th«- lipal- round on the
Jollowinz Saturday. : .'>:'¦.
This afternoon on tho links of the Oak
land Golf Club thrre will, be a handicap
tourr.arr.ent. over eighteen holes, match
filay. for the ladies' cup v The concluding
rtagea of the competition will take place
cn election day. Next Saturday • th^re
vlll be a contest apalrist boRcy, over
eighteen bolips. '.¦ ¦'¦': ' .-. . • ..
On Saturday. Xovombbr 10. the Saiisalfto
Golf CJub ¦will hold its " openlntr to-jrna
xnent on Its links cn the military^reserva
tion at fiausalito. There ¦will-, be three
rx'ents— men 4 s and women's ohamrinrrships
end mixed tourFcirif". . The qualifying
round for the champion^hir*. events will
te over riphteen hole?, medal play, and
the contests themselves will.be at match
play.- The eight lowest -scorers in the.qual
ifying- rounds for each event will play on
Nov^raVr 30 and 11 over eighteen holes,
match play. The four winners will play
In the eemi-final round on November 2\,
and the final round will tike place next
day. The tournament will be under the
management :of the greens . comrtlitteo>,
•which 15 Diadecp of Maior. T. W. M. Dra
per (chairman). Mrs. A. Starr Keeler. itiss
Constance Borrpwe. Mrs*. W, 1), «^iausson
Lieutenant H. -O; Clark and C. H. Noble.'
The follo'win^ will be the official scorers-
MJfs Constance Borrowe. Miss Winifred
Mascm, Mrs. Herman Shainwald, Major T.
W. M. Draper. J. M, Kilpartf. A. Starr
KeeJer. Reginald Maaon. Krank Pindley.
Dr. A. H. Mays and C. H. Xobl». The
eccrers win be vested with authority • to
Fettle any disputed point that may arise
during the play. Almost: all the above
.'named -wilt enter" the competitions, as only
» few of them will be required as scorers
at any onetime, j .:;;-;. : "" ;
Sausalito Will Hold
Its First Regular
'Contest Next Week.
GOLF BOOMS
ON LOCAL
COURSES.
JTEW TORK, Nov... 2.-— CToclc«fy MeCus
carried oft the honors at -the-Emptre City
race track to-day, winning thre» out of
five motmts.. Mesaba. at 10 to 1 took the
Hlllsdale handlcapi. The fourth race, a
handicap at one mil* and seventy yards,
was the feature of the day and was won
by Bell© of Troy. .: . .
. 'Weather clear; track dead. Res«lt»:
About llx furloafSt ¦elUn»— Fl*tmt won.
Shorebatn second. . MWnljht CWmei third.
Time. 1:15. • "" : . ¦•"- '¦:••' ":_;_ L , '
Mile and Berenty T*rda. Mllinr- Carbonet*
won. Annoy »econd. Time. 1-.WL. T»» Mart*
erSj'- r " '-C-'j." 1 ¦ ¦ •• - : ' : ¦ '¦¦ '¦ ••' ¦ ¦'¦'¦•¦
Hllsdala handicap, five fuTloii»»— Jfwab* won,
Candle second. Glonnellie third. Tfane. lrt«.
Mll« ud B«v»nty yard*— BeU« of Tw wok
First Whip second. Wither* third. Time.
Five and a half farlon**. ielllar- P!«eon
Po«t won. Th» Resent- second. Maiden Oilrdi
Time. 1:08, . . ¦-¦/•. ¦ ; - : ' '' _ v
Mlla and ieventy yards-St Finnan won. Bt.
Stjnonian •econd. Hultrilopochtle third. Tide.
1:4814.- . • , ::..¦¦¦•,. :'' ' s ; - -.V : - ': ' ¦¦ :^.' 1 -:.
JOCKEY McCUE WINS
HOMORSflT EMPIRE
CITY RACE TRflCK
open stake
has many
ENTRIES.
Big Card at ; Union
Park Brings Out
High-Class Dogs.
One hundred, and twenty-eight <!og». all
of which are. of known ability, tare been
entered In the open stake at Union Park
for to-day anJ tfwnorrow.: This means a
ruh-dpwn of stxty»four courses on Satur
day and an equal number on Sunday. On
Saturday the- coursing will commence im
mediately on the arrival of the 10:15
a, m. train. On Sunday the first train
will leave at 9:15 a. m, r and the second
round of the stake will be begun Imme
diately on Its arrival. Other trains
leave, for the park .*t # W:15 and .11 a. m..
12 m. and 1p.m. :
The next week will be a busy one for
those owners: **o ¦' intent . sending: their .
dogs to Modesto, for • the^ plains meet.
The™ Is every Indication of this erent
being' an unparalleled success. The draw
in*- win b« held a week from to-night at
Pytldan Ca^tf- ar-d entries will be taken
ud to the tlmV of the drawing. It is
"houjht that there-will be at least *xtj<
four entries which will insure two days
of rnnd oours'"C. The coursing men who
mnke this annual trip to the plains go for
a^doSble Surpose-an outing and the sport.
Thev win 'cave ort November 12. The
will la«t two days, the leashmen
retu?n?ng o" Tharsday. November 15.
Forth* first time this season a scarcity
of hares threw the conning programme
out ot gear. On account of It th« Thurs
day stake was postponed, but th« open
stake this week will more than make up
for what was lost. ¦ . ' . ' ¦
VARIETY SHOW FPR,;:
ALAMEDA'S OARSMEN
Vext Friday evening. November 9. the
Alaxneda Boating Club will give its an
nual entertainment In Armory Hall. Ala
meda An excellent programme has- been
nreDa'red. the pxincipal Derfonners being
the following: Miss Sadie Rioea orches
tra the Berkeley quartet, two fencers se
lected from the Olympic Club by John A.
Hammersmith, Clinton R. Morse In comic
recitations. Miss Gertrude Judd. whistler:
Georie Hammersmith in a travesty of
"Sappho": Arnold Grazer and Hazel Cal
lfthan. dancers and descriptive ?ong art
ists: acrobats from the Olympic Club:
Ml*s Fav. vocalist: A. . M. Stone In hJs
"meteor"' act: R. B. Mitchell, and boxers
of the Olympic and Reliance Athletic
clubs. ¦
DUCKS AND
QUAIL FOR
NIMRODS.
Season Opens in San
Mateo and Sonoma
Counties.
"While the duck shooters register their
half-hearted klck9 the baggers of quail
return full of satisfaction and their coats
heavy with birds. In Marin County the
abundance of quail has drawn out the
nlmrods, who have made exceptionally
good killings. The season opened Novem
ber 1 m San Mateo and Sonoma counties
In both these counties the date of closlne
is fixed at December 1. so Just one month
of this sport Is left for the quail shooters
The general reports • from Marin Saii
Mateo and Sonoma counties tell of'fiook<»
of quail In the valleys and the hills
At the Canvas Back Club last Su'ndav
Wells was high bird, wilh forty-three
ducks. The Field and Tule Club party re
turned with a string of HO bird£ ThoJe
who shot were:. Dr. Derby. J. r r n i.
man. Harry Miller, H. B. Hosmer J j
Winner and M. C. linger. On WeHn«"
day. A. M. Curnmingsr L. TUusV JB
Coleman. F. H. Bushnell, H B Hn.mi;"
Burt Remmel and Dave Harefieki 1 wn?t«4
powder and shell until deep di^t sat
upon them. Altogether ninety-nine bird,
were bagged. Harefleld. the crack -w
of the Byron Gun Club, and Johnny Cole
man were the two shooters who retn^i
At Alvljo ducks have been seen in >•»•.
The best that can be said of the) ehoot-
Jng at present Is that It Is fair. The wind
that all prayed for has not yet come,
although the other adjunct— rain— has put
In a bashful appearance. In the north
ern part of the State and In Oregon they
say that "cans" are quite plentiful. It
will take cold, snappy weather to drive
these birds south.
Although the fever of shooting that
takes hold of sportsmen at the outset of
the season has somewhat abated, the duck
shooters are just as enthusiastic over
their sport, and every Sunday finds the
best ponds occupied with gunmen. Mid
week shooting has begun at most of the
clubs, organized bands leaving town on
Tuesday evening and returning the fol
lowing day. 1 . -.' v"'-'^
Sixth Ttac*— Bercn .turlonr*;- tliree-yeax-olds
and up; selling: '. . , . . ¦ ¦ : -
12 21 " ortoa ¦;•• MS 1280 Pialmlnt.......lCS
IIS* Pat Morrissey.. Ms ¦ .... Hunsartaa .....10»
wo«Mt»- Boy ..na . ..:, Pupti ...........iot
.... Lomond ....'.,..105 • •¦ '. " - - :.-¦'. • •
¦'•_' Possible Winners^ . ; ¦
First R*c«— Vulcaln. Mocorlto. Tram Blue.
Second Rac«— Brtw Hfll, Grand Smcll«n.
piioj. ; : ¦ ¦'.','¦ -•='; '¦ ,\. v : : '¦:¦ ¦;¦-•••:¦. -.;,;.¦¦¦
Third Race— Raninr Bo«r. Batum. OrmAar,
Fourth Race— Fay onlna, Moit|t|«; : : Roeor
monde. '¦/.'¦¦ ¦ ¦:'.".¦., ;'.!''\" ;¦•;¦':. ":'
Fifth Race— Gauntlet. Bancor. Curt»fc«,' : '
Sixth Race— Wooster Boy. Pit aorrtji«r.
Hungarian. "-' - - '• - . '.-. .- ¦ ' .'¦' • .; \ ': • V
Opening Kvent
for ;a Purse
of $lSOd.H
fornJa lad, now accounted one of the best
pilots In the profession. Beyond perad
venture of doubt both the Hildreth horses
and Jockey Bullman will have an Im
mense following, still it must be remem
bered all horses are not good travelers,
and the long trip and change of climate
may affect the speed of some.
But many other noted stables will be
represented. Green B. Morris, the vet
eran, has a string at Oakland track capa
ble of cau«!ng a deal of noise before the
season has grown musty. Green- landed
the Brooklyn handicap with Judge Mor :
low, an American Derby with Strath
meath and has journeyed pVer the Rockies
this year with a stable' with which he
expects to get the money. His purple with
white cap colors will be conspicuous at
the post to-day and will' probably bear
watching. Then, too, "Doc" Streets, a
keen judge of horses and prices, will send
one or two into the starter's hands, among
them -Hungarian, a frequent winner on
the other side. "Doc" took a fancy to
"Monk" Coburn, and the Oakland youth
will wear his colors. Coburn is said to be
a vastly Improved youth since he departed
these shores last spring. His work in the
Inaugural Day
of "Winter -
Racing.
THIS afternoon at Oakland track
the Mack .ird orange colors of
the California Jockey Club will
be unfurled to the .breeze, the
turnstiles will click merrily at
the entrance ratrs as the vast throne
passes through; crack riders mounted on
superb thoroughbreds will sport the silk
and California's grandest season of racing
will have been Inaugurated. Never before
perhaps in the history of racing In this
State has such a card been presented as
that offered the public to-day, the Opening
handicap being the feature. The renowned
stable of Sam Hildreth Is represented by
no less than four entries, horses that have
Iiepn the most aristocratic of the Eastern
division and were returned winners. Hil
drrth made his name famous by his many
coups and fierce onslaughts on the New
T^rk track betting; rln--s=. earning a for
tune thereby in a few months. His horses
will be piloted by John Bullman, a Cali-
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB BARRIER WILL BE RAISED AND
"BOOKIES" WILL SHOUT AT OAKLAND.
saddle has caused the critics to say many
kind things about him.
Carruthers & Shields are on deck
with a big stable of bread-winners, head
ed by the iron three-year-old Advance
Guard. Jack Martin, the eighty-rpounder.
Will do most of the riding:.
The West Is well represented. . Fred
Cook, ihe bookmaker, who now looms up
"with one big show under the one big can
vas." is one of the Chicago and St. Louis
sensations. He usually has from two to
four books laying prices, and has collect
ed s>ome very useful pieces of
racing hardware. John A. Morris, a horse
capable of stepping the Oakland track in
l:39'i or better, is the leading actor, sup
ported by a capable company. Dominick.
said to be thoroughly honest, rides for
Mr. Cook.
Local owners will not lack representa
tion. Burns & Waterhouse may start two
in the handicap, J. Naglee Burk will send
faithful Rosortnonde to the post "fit aa a.
fiddle," Gill Summers has his best ones
ready, Johnny Campbell expects El Mldo
to do something and Dr. Rowell's colors
will not be missed. This same Opening
handicap Is a puzzler and Is more than apt
to prove one of the masterpieces of J. W.
Brooks.
As in past seasons, Joseph A. Murphy
will preside in the stand, with Charles F.
Price as associate judge. James F. Cald
well will do the starting, and for the first
time the public Will be given opportunity
to compare the Maxwell with the Gray
gate.
The entries are as follows:
First Race— Five and a half furlongs, for all
ages; purse: "
1266 Pomptno 119! .... Sweet Caporal.lll
855 Sybaris ........104 (1127) Matt Hogan.... 93
1273 N'ovia .'. 104 (1281)Febmary 104
Vulcaln .117 Janice 101
O266)Mocorito 104 1162 Miss Rowena..lll
1280 Lady Helolse...l04 1193 Sir Hampton... 102
(1252)True Blue.. 119 1280 High Hoe Ill
(12Sl)Tiburon 104 .
Second Race— Seren furlongs, three-year-olds
and up; gelling:
.... Goldone 1C5| J037 Charles le Bel. 103
(12Tl)nusto 103l 1281 Mike Rice 105
1250 Campus 103! 1274 Merry Boy 103
1274 Grand Sachem. 105 tl275)Briar Hill 11°
1243 Dolor© 105 1279 Good Hope Ws
1275 Pilot 100 lMOMorlnga «»
Third Race— Futurity course, 'for two-year
olds; purse:
....Nellie Forrest. .110 (127J)Articulate 11*
Invictus 108 Dorinee iWJ
Rollins Boer.. .US Seid* 1J*
.... Marcy no! 119S Grafter "°
(1246)Bavafsa 1151
Fourth Rac» — Orenlnr handicap: purse 11500:
one mile; three-year-olds and up:
mSDTuthill 105 .... Modrin* .'. in
«lS5)MortsaKe 102 1238 Herculean 100
1279 Formero 116 1188 Pat Morrissey.. 105
John A. Morrls.122 (121S>Tor»!na H*
n^2)True Blue 117 <l274)Flush of Gold.ics
.... Favonlus 125 (lm)Fosonnonde ...11*
(1193)Rosinante ......103 1191 The Fretter....ltO
KJfth Race—One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and up; selling:
.... Doublet 102[ 1274 El Mldo 119
.... Locochee 103 1247 Morlnel 1<£
1274 Lena 10s| 1194 Rto Chlco ....103
1194 TorslJa 10.". Bangor llz
1034 Imperious 106 (laoflGauntlet 107
1279 Snips 105 1201 Castako 104
SPORTS— ON TRACK, FIELD, MARSH AND
THE SAX FEAXC1SGO CALL, SATUJRDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1900.
4
¦ a Coal brings the highest price in South
Africa and the lowest in China.
Vote for Thos. F. Graham for Judge of
th« Superior Court. •Friends of the Woman Hope to Influ-
SEEK REOPENING
OF MAYBBICK CASE
ence Ur. Bichie in Her
Favor.
¦WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— "With the ap
pointment of a new Home Secretary In
the English Cabinet, the friends of Mrs.
Florence E. Maybrick will seek to have
her case reopened. It Is believed . that
CHOYNSKI A
WINNER ON
A FOUL.
Knocked Through, the
Ropes by Fred Rus
sell at Denver.
DENVER. Colo.. Nov. 2.— With blood
streaming from deep cuts over both eyes
and a savage expression on his counte
nance, big Fred Russell, the California
heavyweight, broke from a clinch as the
gong- sounded the close of the fourth
round of his fight ¦with the veteran. JoS
Choynskl. before the Colorado Athletic
Association here to-night and with two |
terrific punches to the body sent him
flying through the ropes and on to the
floor of the clubhouse, where he remained
nearly five mlnute3, stretched at full
length. A couple of policemen then llfto.l
him to his feet and assisted him into the
ring. Joe Immediately walked up to Rus
sell, who stood with his seconds to one
side of the ring, apparently wondering
what happened and squared off In front
of Russell. Referee Irank .Cullen stepped
between the men. who were about to m'x
It up again, and holding Joe's arm in the .
air declared him the winner, on account ;
of Russell's transgression ot the rule*.
Russell's fouling of Choyr.skl caused. In
tense excitement among the handlers, •
club . officials and spectators, and., when
Joe had been seated in his corner, and his
seconds .were fixing him up . the . time- I
keeper sounded, the gong for order. Joe,
thinking It was the call of time, got C£>
for business again and was only re
strained by the repeated shouting of the
crowd that he had won. ¦ .' .• • ." . •
The fight was the most- vicious ever wit
nessed In Denver, Russell's' great weight
and strength were more than: Joe could
stand and he was frequently rushed oil
his feet and against the .ropes. lie
clinched repeatedly to save himself and
In breaking, received some very hard I
punches on the- body- and. head.. Joe got i
some very hard Jabs to Russell's head
arid body as the latter bored In on him
and cut through the flesh over both of
Russell's eyes,- causing- the blood to flow
In streams. - - •.-' • •.'.•-¦•'
Just after the fight started Joe went t»
the floor with his hands on his groin and
showed evidence- of pain. He struggled to-l
his feet and. Russell nearly ¦ threw - thw I
referee out of the ring in his efforts t j
get at Joe, which brought a storm ot
hisses from the crowd. There was a gTeai
deal of wrestling and clinching all
through the fight and Joe was thrown to
the floor several times and in returnthrew ¦
Russell clear over his (Choynski'j) head
once. Russell's superior strength gave
him the advantage in this style of fighting
and he undoubtedly would have worn Joe
down and knocked him out had the flgnt
continued. Two thousand persons wit
nessed the bout. : ,
In the preliminaries Roy Streetor. of
Colorado Springs lest the decision to Kid -
Dooley of Denver in six rounds and Bob
Watklns of Denver and Joe Youngs of
Buffalo fought a six-round draw. •.-,'„. •-
Sir. Richie, the new Secretary, has neve
committed himself en the rase.
Judge L. D. Yarrell. peneral counsel for
Mrs. Maybrick. says that as soon as tho
elections are over ho will see the Presi
dent and get the case reopeno'l if possible
through the State Department. N>w evi
dence has been secured, including the vol
untary offers of several cotton merchant*
of Norfolk. Virginia, as to Mr. Blaybrtck's
habit of rating arsonic. Air. Jones of thu
firm of Jones & Lee recently to!<l Judtrs
Yarrell that he knew Mr. Maybriok inti
mately during hts residence in Norfolk
and knew him to be an nrsenlc eater.
Hays Formally Elected.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2. -The directors cf
the Southern Pacific met here, to-day an.t
elected Charles M. Hays president of the
company. Xo other business was trans
ected. v. :
YOUNG SHARPY LflNDS
A TERRIFIC KNCCKOUT
The Golden Gate Athletic Club gave a
sparring exhibition last evening In Wash
ington-square Hall that proved a great
BOSTON, Nov. 2.-Barker won to-night's
game In the checker championship. match
with Jordan, tying the ecore again The
afternoon game was drawn. The score
now stands: Jordan, 2; Barker, 2- drawn
Barker "Wins.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.-Jockey Buchanan
of California, suspended recently at Har
lem for rough riding, was reinstated to
day by Judge Hamilton. The Jockey will
be allowed to take mounts only for his
employer, Barney Schreiber.
JOCKEY BUCHANAN
IS REINSTATED
BERLIN, Nov. 2. — Russia and Prussia,
the correspondent of the Associated
Press is informed, have reached an agree
ment by which Russian petroleum will ob
tain cheaper freight against lower freight
rates for German iron upon Russian rail
roads. ¦¦;".¦ ;- ; -.-
Keduction on Petroleum.
RflCES flT LAKESIDE
AND LATONIfJ TRACKS
CINCINNATI, Nov. 2.— Results af La
tonla: . t
Six furlongs, aplllng— Dr. Ramsey won. Deist
second. Onoto third. Time, t:15tf.
Five and a half furlongs, selllnsr — "tVhltfleld
won. Mateo second, Bednor third. Time. 1:00%.
One ami a sixteenth miles, selling— Beaha
won, Louisville Belle second. Windward third.
Time. 1:49. •. . .:,,.-
One mile, selling: — 'Woodtrlce won. Sauber
second. Left Bower third. Time, lMl^.
Five furloncs— Resignation won, Allen sec
ond. Anpea third. Time, 1:03.
Six furlongrs, selling — Blpnhelm won.' Fair
Deceiver second. Poorlands third. Time, 1:15.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.-The feature of the
day at Lakeside was the mile and a. half
event, in which Frangible was first choice
at 7 to 10. while Joe Shelby and Foxbard
were equal second choices at .7 to 2. Fran
gible won without an effort and Joe Shel
bv beat False Lead two lengths for the
place. Results: ' .'
Fivo and a half furlongs— Rival Dare won,
Olekma second. Made Maree third. Time,
1:10 1-5.
Six furlongs— R'o <Je Altar won. Hylo sec
ond, Hampshire third. Time, 1:17 1-5.
One and a half miles— Frangible won, Jo«
Shelby- second. False Lead third. Time, 2:41.
One mile — Jake Weber won. Deponan second.
Ben Chance third. Time, 1:44 2-5. ;
One and a sixteenth miles — Aloha II won.
Strangest second. Conford third. Time. 1:52.
One mile — Dandy H won.. Brown Vail second,
Bagmar third. Time, 1:45 2-5.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. of
the report that the heavyweight battle
between James J. Corbett and "Kid" Mc-
Coy, fought in Madison Square Garden
last August, was a fake Is nowjurnlshed
by George F. Considlne. Corbel fa man
ager. It is contained in a letter addressed
to The Call and Herald by Mr. Considine
who obtained proof of the fraud from
McCoy whom he saw In London. In
order that he might clear himself of any
blame in the matter Mr. Considine hurried
back to New York and now makes pub
lic the facts In this letter, saying in
"I was in London and did not Intend
coming home for a couple of months but
I met 'Kid-McCoy in that city and to
my surprise was informed by him that he
had come over to England because of the
'downtown' people of New York, who ho
said, were Bore on him on account of' his
fight with Corbett. McCoy also made the
statement that the 'downtdwn' p eop i!
had never done anything for him, and
that he had a right to get money any
way he could. And he got money, he add
ed, by 'laying down' to Corbett, as ner
agreement. He also informed me that
nearly every one in New York believed
that I was in on the scheme. When he
told me this I was astonished and Im
mediately left London for New York
"Immediately on my arrival in New-
York, and before making any statement
I called on Corbett and accused him of
having a part In the fake fight This hi
denied, but I caught him In several ml"-
Btatements and I proved one of them
through witnesses present at the lnter-
Si e 7\»E e thon ad , ml «e<* that he knew
that McCoy was going to 'lay down ' and
I said to him: 'Why didn't -ou tell me of
it. instead of making a monkey of me?'
To which he replied: 'What for? so you
could tell Senator Tim Sullivan, who
would make McCoy fight on the leVel. aS
the Senator did in the Maher-McCov
fl rf h «V ? i 1 dl , dnl ' k T ow X ™ u ld lick McCoy
on the level, and I waa glad to know that
he was going to lay down.' -
"GEORGE F. CO>JSIDINE."
Geo. F.Considine Tells
What He Knows of
Recent Battle.
SAYS MCCOY
T H RE W
FIGHT.
test was not produced by the players, but
by the Police Department. Harry Sulli
van's father Is Chief of Police. Harry la
also the •"¦whole works" on the Crocker
team, .and this fact entitled him to great
consideration. H1& papa not only gave
fatal ample police . protection to keep the
Sf'Id clear, but sent the official photogra
r.her of the department to the game to
take snapshots of his -boy's eleven. Pho
tographer Kelly did not possess a sideline
badge, but was permitted to roam at will
Wner the field. Newspaper photographers
end rejxirters who wore the coveted
rasteboard' were not permitted to place
their foot ort the white mark, so vipi'.ant
were the policemen. Inside the grounds
» - *>re Lieutenant Anderson, a Fergeant and
five officers from the. Seventeenth-street
Ftation; outsld? the grounds two police
men on horseback prevented the small
t,oy from jumping the fence. • The referee
«rd umpire not being possessed of police
whistlrs, Harry procured the same from
•the obliging officers. Had the young man
;C*-?!rpd a. blue-painted ; patrol wagon to
tskie his team to and from the grounds the
Chief would have probably furnished It.
T<>y Low. a r.artlve-born Chinaman, who
rtayed rirht ruard for Clement; did bril
liant work, lie tacklod all over, the field.
interfered well for his : backs iand made
BIG PRIZES
FOR FINE
DOGS.
Oakland Will Have a
Bench Show in
Near Future.
The Judge of the show is the well known
expert, E. Davies of Chesney. British
Columbia: the superintendent is Louia
Haaf, and the eecretary and manager are
respectively Mrs.. O. J. Albee and Norman
J. Stewart. The bench show committee
are: O. J. Albee, J. C. Berret and C. R.
Barker. Three hundred and flfty-flve
classes have been opened for thirty-eight
recognized breeds and two additional for
miscellaneous. The regular prizes are.
First, silver medal; second, bronze medal,
and third, diploma. In addition many
specials are offered, some of these belna
cilver trophies of great value and artistic
merit. There can be no doubt that this«
jshow will draw a large entry, and the
enterprise of the Collie Club will meet
with a merited reward. The breeds for
which elapses have been opened are as
follows: Mastiffs, great Danes. St. Ber
nards rough and smooth coated, blood
hounds. Russian wolfhounds. Newfound,
lands deerhounds, greyhounds, fox
hounds. Chesapeake Bay dogs, pointers.
English setters, "Gordon setters. Irish set
ters. Irish water spaniels, field spaniels,
cocker spaniels black and other than
black, collies Old English sheep does
poodles, bulldog?, bull terriers, Boston
terriers, dachshunds, fox terriers smooth
coated and wire-haired. Irish terriers
Scottish terriers, Bedlington terriers, skve
terriers, black and tan terriers, Dalma
tians, Yorkshire terriers, Italian jrrey
hounds. toy terriers other than York
shire. Japanese ppanlHs. Blenheim span
iels. Pomeranians or Spitz. English puss
and miscellaneous.
The premium list of the Oakland bench
show Is at hand. It Is embodied In the
Joint list of the California Collie Club,
which hol<ls the bench show, the Oak
land Poultry Association, the California
Cat Club, the American Runt Pigeon
Club and the Central Californian Belgian
Hare Club, all of which will be repre
sented at the forthcoming exhibition, to
be held at the Exposition building In Oak
land on December 5, 6, 7 and 8. Entries
close positively on November 23. No pedi
gree Is required to show a dog. and it
must be remembered that under the rules
of the Pacific Kennel League, which gov
ern this show, a bitch can be shown with
pups at her side, and pups are admitted
to competition when only four months
of age.
CHICAGO. Xov. 2.— Tommy Sullivan of
Brooklyn was given the decision over
Toung Mowatt of Chicago at the end ol
six rounds to-night. The fighting waa
even all through, but Sullivan had a clear
lead on points.
TOMMY SULLIVAN
GETS THE DECISION
140. Cavanaugh.. ..Fullback Cossriff, 133
"21 Total 13SS
121 Averafje weight 126 2-11
Score-Cr f x:ker 6, Clement 0. Touchdown by
Cavanaugh. Goal by Cavanaush.
ftuny— Bagley 25 yards round left end; Martin
CO yards: Lang 40 yards to touchdown that did
, I^ nt ,*~i- avanaURh 6 P unts fro ™ behind line
cf 3.-., 30. 3,. 2'>. 2.". and 3a yards each and 2 kick
ofTs of <0 yards each: Cossrriff 4 punts from be
hind line of 3S, 30. 13 and 30 yards each and 1
klokoJT of ZZ yards.
Officials: Referee— Garret Rooney, rijrht half
Lowell HlRh School, '00. Umplre-F. C Lewltt
If ft end Lowell Hlsh School, '00. Linesmen— H*
Platt and George Jansen.
Twenty-minute halves. Attendance, 500. Foot
ball weather. Grounds slippery.
holes when they were needed. Mayer, at
ritrht tackle, and Bagner. at right half,
also showed up well. Cavanaugh and
Martin were the stars on the Crocker
team.
Following are the stripped weights of
the players and the way they lined up
against each other:
,™ *>. Crocker. Position. Clement. Wt
'?*. Campbell L-Er.d-R.. Skinner (cpt.). 123
lib, Mohrijr L-Tackle— R... McDonald, 132
1«. McMurray L— Guard— It Toy Low. 132
la, Danhauer. Center Brook*. 134
13<\ Burts R— Guard— L. Oosset, 1S5
J«. Hester R-Tackle-L Mayer. IIS
10«. Quinn R-End-L McKenzle. m
ICC. Janes Quarter Iirstader 107
125. Unn L— Half— R Banner. IIS
122. Martin fcpt-)..R— Half— L, Walflsh 136
INCIDENTS OF THE GRIDIRON' STRUGGLE BETWEEN' THE CROCKER AXD CLEMENT FOOTBALL TEAMS
%&W™^^^0M$z±zi: I A ?m?m mi for ™ e
Bernstein Easy Game
But Spars to Pro
long the Battle.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Nov. 2.-Terry Mc-
Govern, the feather-weight champion, de-
I feated Joe Bernstein of Xew York in the
seventh round before the Nonpareil Ath
letic Club and 5000 people to-night. The
fpather-welght championship was In
volved and the bout was scheduled for
i twenty-five rounds. The purse was $3300,
of which the winner received $2500.
McGovern took his time, only occasion
ally sailing into Bernstein, but when he
did there was a slashing succession ot
blows, which appeared to be snatched
from a mysterious source.
After two minutes and five seconds of
the rcventh round had passed McGovern
beat his opponent down. Bernstein was
badly dazed and could not speak for sev
eral seconds.
McGovern had a cautious foe, but
blocked, rushed and bewildered his an
tagonist with Mows from all directions,
and seemingly at the same Instant.
Picking the winner was never a consid
eration. The question was, "How long
will Bernstein last?" That was the bet
ting proposition.
In the final round McGovern showed his
whirlwind form and ripped killing stabs
that took the steam out of Bernstein.
Down Bernstein went repeatedly, Terry
walking around like a tiger. Bernstein
was unable to continue after a right hook
to the jaw, and Referee George Slier
waved Terry to his corner and stopped the
fight.
Oscar Gardner and Dave Sullivan chal
lenged the winner.
Bernstein weighed' 125 pounds, McGov
ern 122.
Following is a description of the fight
by rounds:
Round 1 — They spar and clinch. Bernstein
blocks a left nwlng. Bernstein lands a ntllT
punch on JIcGovern's stomach. Terry leads
for the Etomach and misses. Bernstein falls
to his kneee from a stiff punch on the Jaw.
McGovern misses a hard right uppercut. Mc-
Govern seems worried. They clinch. Bern
utein lands a left In MeGovern's face in the
breakaway. Honors even at the bell.
Round 2— McGovern starts aftrr Bernstein.
Hard inflKhtlnff reaults. McGovern lands hard
left on stomach. McGovern misses three
swlnes. McGovern lands two hard ones on
stomach. Bernstein blocks two leads for the
head. McGovern misses two swings and Bern
stein clinches. McGovern lands and misses.
Bernstein lands on MeGovern's Jaw. McGov
ern lands hard on Jaw. Bernstein Is knocked
down with hard right on the Jaw, Bern6teln
down again. Terry right after him with left
and right.
Round 3— Terry right after Joe. They clinch.
Terry lands left on face. They clinch. Terry
lands left on stomach. They clinch. Bern
stein holding on. McGovem knocks Bernstein
to hla knees. Bernstein clinches and won t
break. Bernstein lands on Terry's stomach.
Terry lands hard right under heart and again
on head. They clinch in Bernstein's corner.
Bernstein lands right lightly on Jaw. Bern
stein looks tired. Terry is smiling. Bell.
Round 4— Terry rushes Joe. Joe backs away.
Terry lands- right under heart and they clinch.
It looks as though Bernstein Is only trying
to stay the limit. They clinch. McGovern
lands left in stomach. Bernstein lands left
on Terry's stomach. They clinch and Joe lands
left lightly on Jaw. Terry lands hard right
under heart. They exchange lightly and come
to a clinch. Terry misses four wild swings.
Teiry lands hard right on kidneys. Bernstein
lands lightly on Jaw and they clinch. Terry
not r*lng as good Judgment as to distance as
in his previous fights.
Round 5— Bernstein on defensive and Terry
hot after him. McGovern misses right and left
swings. Bernstein leads but la blocked. Mc-
Govern leads twice, but mlsnes. Terry lands
right on Joe'B ear. Joe ducks a left swing.
McGovern misses hard right uppercut. Joe
lands left on Jaw. Terry uppercuts Joe hard.
Terry lands over heart. McGovern knocks Joe
to the ropes with right over heart. Terry
lands hard on kidneys. McGovern misses two
punches. Bell.
Round 6— Terry rushes Joe and lands left and
right on face. Joe runs into a clinch. Bern
stein lands nice left on Terry's nose. Bern
stein lands another good right on Terry's Jaw.
They clinch. Both run Into a clinch without
damage. Terry lands right on kidneys. Terry
lands four rights on kidneyn. Lively exchange
of body blows. Joe Jars Terry with hard left
on mouth. He lands another one on Terry's
Jaw and right on Terry's «ir. Both are rough
lnit it on the ropes. Terry is talking to Joe.
Terry knocks Joe to the ropes with hard right
on face. They clinch. Terry, lands on Bern
stein's body with right. McGovern'a right
hand seems to be hurt. Bell.
Round 7— They clinch. Terry Is rushing Joe.
Terry leads, but mis-sen. Terry lands right on
Joe's body. Terry lands hard right on heart
and another one In the same place. Joe lands
left on Jaw. Both exchange lefts on body.
Terry fights Joe down. He Is down eight sec
onds. Joe down again. Bernstein Is - down,
but Referee Slier stops the fight as Joe is all
gone. McGovern wins. . '
M'GOVERNIS
VICTOR IN
SEVENTH.
success. The first contest of the evenlne
was between "Kid" Goldle and "Kid"
Jciira. The latter had the advantage In
both height and reach. In the second
round Jones had it all his own way and
he was about to finish his opponent when
the gongr sounded. In the third round
Ooldle's seconds threw up the sponge, as
thoir man did not have a chance.
Jack Murrey, and George McMahon then
mixed It up. McMahon had lots of friends
In the house and the first two rounds
things were coming all his way, but he
suddenly tired and toward the close of
the third Murrey drove him all over the
ring. Murrey received the decision.
Joe Sullivan was scheduled to go four
rounds with Mike Ford. But toward the
close of the second round the pace was
too warm for Mike and he quit. Sullivan
made a very good impression with his
quick footwork and clean, hard punches.
"Sailor" Sharkey knocked out Charles
Prieete cold in the end of the second
round of their contest. The blow that did
the trick could be heard "for a city
block." Prleste was the more scientific
of th^ two and the crowd was with him.
He dropped his hands for a second and
Young Sharkey landed a terrific blow on
the point of his chin. The aspirant for
pugilistic laurels went down and out and
lay on his back till his seconds picked
him up and took him to his corner.
Charley Ravanl and "Young Jeffries"
then wore announced. The most promi
nent feature in this contest wan Jeffries*
eye that he received early in the came.
The eye swelled and swelled until the
optic threatened to burst. Ravanl cot the
decision in the second. Harry Bowers
bested Tom Bell in the second round— so
much so that the men in Bell's corner en
tered the ring and stopped the fight.
Jo?enh Ralph and Jack Sullivan fur
nished fun for the crowd. Ralnh knew
nothing about the game and Sullivan was
as slow as an ice wagon. Thev fiddled
around for four rounds, when the latter
trot the decision. A. AUr>\ from the "South
o 'r1f>" rcf'^'ort th« .i«f«~«~«- ," — r Tt— ,_-,•
Barry, which he richly deserved, as he is
a very clever bantam.
xiiiL BAw i'[ t A.>u,ouu DAIjL, hATUKDAY, iSOVEMBER 3, 1900.
ON THE GRIDIRON
BT the close score or 6 to 0 th»
football eleven of the Crocker
Grammar School wrested a sil
ver trophy from the Clement
Grammar School at the six
teenth and Folsom streets ground yester
day. Five hundred beribboned partisans
of both schools eat in the errand stand and
split the air with their shrill shouts for
the rival teams. The game was excellent
ly played by the youngsters and their
work en the gridiron would have been a
credit to older and more experienced play
ers." Xelther team scored In the first half
end there was every likelihood that the
frame- would result In a tie. In the second
half Martin, the Crocker rleht-half. went
through left tackle and end and finding
;he field clear raced toward the goal with
the whole Clement team at his baric.
When he reached the fifteen-yard line he
was bowled over l>y Mayer, who caught
r.'m after a hot chase. The sixty-yard
run was one of the features of the game.
The oval was taken over the roal-llhe. In
;hree plays, .-.•'• ¦ •" .'•'=•.". ..'';¦ ' • : ¦
Another feature of the interesting ..con-
5
CROCKER ELEVEN WINS
GRAMMAR SCHOOL TROPHY
Waists, Jackets, °°" GOrt t W^M& %WkM w | nter S3 B QQ GoBIas'slfes
$7*50 Silk f^Xil &t EnWjr «>a^««»«H« 1»^.- Jr| " Mon~ The?e prettv Far t^^5^^J)
Wnis»s $2 75 „„' &* ggOH^M^ll ICMBe W*2% TT.S% S% ¦*. at»oh" Collarettes J
—Assorted Jot of 3^i '¦ 7:30 ' CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMER1CA-S ORANDEST STORE GIOVOS ' md { C J ''^Zm
SS /aw\ T*>-®ay, ®W Ofothing Sate. JMBt
& 3 w 1 ' b !!M\\ liw Me "' s Qray Clay . Worsted 5uits -Mado from pure worsted mate- $3 -°°: special to- %*£$$&&{?
*™J\i * n aV« n - X !\ \1|1$I!At1 Hals, wool 8erga Hnhga, a srood ba3iaes« or dre3s suit, worth regr -»„ -«— I day " _ y&i&JiPf^ *
t'lenli S \A^J!^^"W Jarly $12.50; unli. closing tim? to-night $9. SB only $1.65 ¦,')»• V
nice Hgh" "Colors Men's Pants— About forty pair3 left of this lot; wool pants with pat- ¦' ft * a h
and K ood stvles. r.eajly ill sizes- to ¦ ? nt b . utton^ taned 3sara9 » extra strong and serviceable; until cbs- « f .. %*£iffe$i* *&£!i!£2j
be closed out to-dav at ' „ Mff time to-n fht— per pair..... 3*«OCI Humbolrft riirire \fM Q - «^U
;..:. 7 • &2.7S B °y s Vestee Suits— All wool, in neat, dark effects, coats have the V m .f ol °J Cl 2 ars — Mi.der ani
$10.00, .$12.50 and <tlS 00 Silk- new styles, small collar, donbte-bmsted vests and knea pants. <*« O9 Detter than ever; tne large 2-for-
Lined Jackets $S oh\'mi «7 as " 7e * ircm 3 rn 8 - Te^ r9 « worth J2 - 50 and ?3.00-to-d'y &lm&7 2oc size, on sale Satur-
-Abiza« or :m3nt; ail of best matT- B °y s> Long-Pants Suits— Perfect fitting, all-wool cissin^ere and day ; only... . . . . 3 for^****
riasand finest making, all colors and cheviot suits, with singb or doubla-breastei coat and vest; well **«« #prt n K^iSh Sliced Tob3CCO — Con3id-
S C £tiW -IP a 8pecial Iot picked mat< ' fi 8nd fu " WJrth $1Q '°°- t0 - day • • ¦"•••"¦• b^ a ered one of the very best C^v-
...~...*i$7.+stn*$5.OO Silk Fteeavd Underwear Untiermuslin Specials. fSSnt^Sr^S^W^S^S
$12.50, ana $20 oo Tailor ffcr Men R7n , ¦•-.¦¦ P Ul(D P ln " e at tin box; regularly
Dresses, $10.00 - Most v last sea- %-^ TT Slx great bargains for Saturday 10c; on Siturdav only. . . . . . . . .
fon'8 bur. all of them r.re all r.W. and /#^» Uatl1 c onn S tim9 cnly. . ¦ ¦ / . . ....... . . . ...2 bcXGS tSs
Jar-aiU 1 tV^LT™ h ? * b8 " ?r dre '" T % ITT ***' men ' 3 fl $1 ' 5 ° Girh' Tailor-ma^ Eton Suits-all-wool C4~77~ .
mwn"£ ifh^GitM OO JL^ U^erwear, fleeced c i oth _f a i iy ined-sizas for age, 8 and §1 atlOUSry Safe.
iiiiiiv CQ.ors, lo-day omy^JWa^W /Vk with pure silk, a boon 10 only— cclor« «ray. blue, brown and A •mill Tot (144 bnxal o' fin- quality kid
«*o r>r* ~~. f\ W for tho ? e who cannot tan— pricj a ways $12.00 — to-day's -nniih Writing Paper acd Envelopes to
rr-J'A &**'0O Shoos for / / \\\ wear woo! lighter in F P«Jal prxe does mt cover the cost of match, pile; %\z\ packed h pretty
V; \ \ $2,27. / J\ -\\ weiVht warmer and " f^ e matjrhl in them- 4j%gm nn t0XCSf wIih carbon P" n(; ol »oto on covar.
t£ 4--H The^^Srn G T A- ' V^A. _JA ™« tlln Saturday onlv................ &O* OO in an assortment of subjects. 24 sheets
HIV fa^okt^S^tv^ "^ • J"«; rtS ChildrenVCovcrt Jackcts-bdx b . ck , of paper and 25 enva.opes, to- „
r \ enuine hand -turned sole-, V \\vi of P ink; oWafp-cial —storm crlhr— tb-s season'* styh— "" only........... 'O<»
com io«. iighi Late- sll-.Ml Knit Skirts-red, A "'" ller > f n °' io t ;¦> bj.of huh-gride
on Saturday oaly..._.. «gO Oy Only 7oO pairs of the?e black super lis'e J ¦ . $1.OO oa Satnrd^y orlv. B^G
r^M Rid f H °- e s f u PP? r , te , r :- babi^' Ladies'VhY?t'c¥«''31usTin""Gown5- ffi~~Zr ea a
Nlen's Hate, $1.S5. HSplfip^ :' f ui f® r f« le
any width of brims, full assortment of Photo Af hunt's stitched yoke — embroidery edge on cuff The balance of our cOOO-square
fashionable color.*, special lo-diy onlv... CheanBT Than Mounts' —deep hem— price always 50o— special ; purchase of finest Crearaery But-
••• St '° S . We offer for Saturday only our entire - '• " - •" '- •— - 3 = c ; 5 ter; the regular S1Z3 square; on
Brush and Comb, $1.53. Rtock of "Sq«egee M A'buma at one- Special Saturday Sale sale until closing time s
JnstoO * alf "Ogulan prices. If you "Men's Neckwear. to-night; per square- .
-f^TTffs^-^i-^-x , v hav^ a lot of photographic prints ua- , , . . ,. , _.„ .. , tm *¦' TTZ ~~
f!O^S2S^^SL t mounted it will be cheaper to-dav to buv A larjjo assortment of- SI mm Silk Nack- Tnmmstf Hat _^
l^i'^PSslt^RriSc^raJJ-, Rise „„ a u, rm »}.-„ i o v.;_ _ n , t " TVi^^'o wear where eoler Hne3 sira broken or cnly <sa2g* '^ZZ\
mSg^L B T he3 La" 1 com, 3C t a album,a r y efor U a n i;:zL he :i a few of a kind >eft ; . Hundreds of pretty Th?8^f^ pr - ce , A7&(
u pictures n P to 5x8 inches. ¦ P iece? hava been into three lots f tc-riron v D^t J&</<U
Comb^, J and are offered to-day at 13o, 17 C and , I0 . r . . c lay ° 3 /' . Uon i 4^J^jk\
"^*T . . ¦ ¦*— *^»»«f y . t^ : QQts J . ¦ ' . ¦ mi3? this opportnnuy. S^ '^*&gS& l $}
sterling silver 925-1000 fine backs, in Cushion lopS 38c. Lot 1-Men's 50c Puff Scarf- to-dav.^So $12 -°° . Triasni3ll^ t k-^
ceat satin 1 nai box; the brush is of A 'ine cf 50c and 60c Cushion Tops, with Lot 2— Men's 2'c and 50c Band B >W3 in etftftAT* 'f^M^U Jr^>* *^V0
the ben quality of brhtli and t e reg- bicks to match, ia many pretty designs, light, medium and dark colorings; spechl *. iao ° Tr mmal -S-"^ C '*W
vhr price for the set $200, will make among which ara hcl^rriaa. tu .ips, t>-day ........: 1 7o W^'tT""™"^ h 5 ' UO 3^ ~? J[
pretty Christmas presents; special to- oranges swan* and cion subjects, are Lot '3— Men's 25c and BOc String Ties. * 3 - uu ¦ «i o#i r^ y -
Je^el!!!!!..!. 1 !!..!. 0 .!..!?. 8 .!:: $1.53 T n ii d J™ Saturday 0Dly ' t0? 38 g Z oi 8llks> ia rlch colorinss: 8pecja^ '''¦™^'^*™* «" Cc^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
26, 28, 3O O'Farrcll Street.
THE BIG MUSIC HOUSE,
On exhibition in our spacious store
Best goods, lowest prices. Be sure
and pay us a visit while in the city.
KOHLER & CHASE,
A FATHER OF TWINS
was never happier than the man who has
tried all- the laundries In San Francisco,
and at last -finds that his linen Is done up
perfectly to suit his taste. A customer
of ours once Is one always, as our work
Is done uniformly and by the best and
most careful methods. ¦
Domestic tlnl.-h for full dress shirts if
you want it. SiliflB
No saw-edges. ¦ ¦ • •
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 10O4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 82 San Pablo Avc.
FOR,
BRYAN AND STEVENSON.
DEMOCRATIC RALLY.
HON. JAMES D. PHELAN
HON. J. H. HENRY
ON THE ISSUES OF THE C/%7Y\F»MIGIN.
METROPOLITAN HALL. ',
TO=NIGHT! T0=NiaHT!
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARXT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, £0c to JX iO day;
|3 to $3 week: $3 to l£> month. Free batlu; hoc
and cold water every room: fire gratea la avaxy
room; elevator runs all nlsht.
Judge William P. Lawlor is thoughtful
and studious, as- well as a practical man
of affairs, and merits the support of all
voters. . •
. : m Is your mamma cross? Mine Is
avrful cro» ! Doe9 your mamma say
' Hush ! * when you laugh or make a
little bit of a noise? My mamma does.
She has nerves, papa says." •'.
The mother who . this ac-
count, of herself would feel heart-broken
to thinlc of the shadow cast by her misery
on those she loved. Yether condition is
real. Her nerves are strained to the
point of torture. Lack of. appetite and
loss of sleep increase her weakness.
. Such a condition mav, in general be
traced to disease of the delicate womanly
organism, a: cure for which is found in
the use of Dr. Pierce'si Favorite Pre-
scription. It establishes regularity, heals
inflammation and ulceration ana cures
female weakness. It trancmilizes the
nerves, encourages *he appetite and in-
duces refreshing sleep.
"Ihadbern'a constant 6ufferer from uterine
cisease for five years." write* Mn. I. A. Steorts.
of Yankee Dasn, Clay Co.. West Virginia, "and
_Y>r f.g mbnih< prerious to Ukin; vour medidue
I waf not out of. ray room. Coulll not walk or
S?_bi"* tn <" r «: w-a»"*uch pain and drawing in
m Rifle and bezTin&^ovrn weight ia region of
uteruk. : accompanied with sorenes*. I suffered
constantly, jritii headache, pain in bmc'k., nhoal-
dfrs.inntaMchest; end could not sleep nor
{MM***.- ,Whea 1 had taken three bottles of
the mediane the periods were re^ulEted, I
was not *o nervpui, couM sleep well, and the
C al V n . ? d * ad **•«""* down had vanished.
Mv .heaith is better ot this time than It ha* been
la are years." . .'¦;.•.
Dr. Pierce's Pellets Etininlate the liver.
DR. CROSSM AIM'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
F °c. *?t_ Cnre J 8 ' Gonorrhoea. Gleets.
te trie tu r-e« and analogous complaints
rric» U • bom*. For ¦&!• tr OrDcgiiU.
Joseph T. O'Connor. Deinocratlc candi-
date for Justice of the Peace, Is a lawyer
of education and experience, and his In-
tegrity and high moral character are be-
yond Question. *
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
L "Ml11R^Su'«H . ' - Jji^f^^^^^^ ' ' I: ;And now there is a proposition on foot to give Vic
toria the title of Queen of Australia. The old lady
probably thinks that having the game she may as
well have the name.
¦'¦ The mutual disregard in which Superintendent of
Schools Webster and the Board of Education hold
one another is an example of that brotherly love in
which our "reform" local government is not living.
With. rumors of revolution in Brazil and in Hayti
and with Chile and Peru scowling at one another ; r
:btgins to look as if our friends in the Southern Hemi
sphere are back to their normal conditions once more..
¦: Cecil- Rhodes is chagrined, it is said, because he can
expect no very warm reception when he reaches
London. And yet when he could have had the warm
est kind of a reception from the Boers he employed
cverj- means in his power to shun the honor.
The dress represented is of elephant
gray veiling, over a ground of shot pink
and gray taffetas. The lapels are embroid
ered with chenille and gold thread.. The
waistband la of black taffetas, draped.
The apron is outlined by bands embroid
ered with chenille, and there is a shaped
flounce round the bottom of the skirt.
DRESS OF GRAY VEILING.
The only explanation that has thus far been given
of the selection is that Salisbury, while feeling him
self unable to act in the double capacity of Foreign
Minister and Prime Minister, has chosen to put in
the office from which he retires a man who will be
subservient and compliant to himself. Evidently
Salisbury does not wish another Chamberlain in his
Cabinet, nor has he any intention of giving more
authority to that ambitious statesman.
Whatever may be the explanation, the outlook is
certainly far from pleasing to the British public, and
possibly the denunciations which, have followed the
announcement of the choice may force Salisbury to
revoke it. In the present situation of affairs in China
land elsewhere Great Britain cannot afford to take
So overwhelming was the public condemnation of
Lansdowne that it was regarded as a sure thing that
in the reconstruction of the Ministry after the elec
tions he would be removed from the War Office. In
deed, during the campaign the Ministry had to assure
the public of that change in order to carry the elec
tions. Nothing helped Salisbury more than the an
nouncement that Roberts is to be made commander
in-chief and a new War Secretary appointed to co
operate with him in reforming the whole military
branch of the Government. That promise, it appears,
is to be kept in a way that will be almost worse than
breaking it. What will it profit the empire to remove
an incompetent man from control of the War Depart
ment and place him in control of the Foreign Office
at a time like this?
Lansdowne's administration ot the War Office has
been the cause of bitterness of spirit to the British
ever since the war in South Africa broke out. No
man in the Ministry has been subject to keener criti
cism in Parliament and out of it, and none more
thoroughly deserved it. Almost every department of
the War Office administration was found to be weak
and inefficient when the trial came. Most of the evils
flowing out of the bad administration were due to
sheer negligence, or possibly incompetence, but some
of them were of a nature that amounted to scandals.
The food furnished the troops was found at one time
to be as bad as the embalmed beef that aroused so
much condemnation in this country during the war
with Spain, and the wretched supplies furnished for
the hospital service created an indignation that stirred
the whole nation and led to a parliamentary inquiry.
SALISBURY'S selection of the Marquis of
Lansdowne to succeed him in the office of Sec
retary of State for Foreign Affairs has raised
a storm of -protest in Great Britain, and will be noted
with surprise in other countries. The complexities
and difficulties of international diplomacy were never
greater than at this time, nor did Britain ever have
more need of a strong, wise man in her Foreign
Office; and yet the Prime Minister, in the flush of
power newly given him by the people, selects for ap
pointment to tliat place in his Cabinet a man whose
record in the War Office shows him to be utterly in
capable of dealing properly with large affairs or acting
promptly in emergencies.
BRITISH DIPLOMACY.
There la nothing In the clause that sug
gests the several questions asked as to
the liability of the assignee, other than
that if he be acceptable to the lessor, and
holds under the lease transferred or as
signed by the original leeBee, he Is bound
by the terms of the lease. He virtually
becomes the "party of the second part.
There is no law that requires a lessee to
occupy the premises leased during the
term of the lease. All that the lessor
wsfnts Is his rent and that the premises be
kept in good condition. To him it cannot
matter . If the premises are occupied or
Dot/- .¦; •/-!'„'
"It being understood and agreed that
the said party of the second part shall
have the right to aBatgn and transfer thid
lease .to a reliable party at any time he
desires, or may let or underlet aald prem
ises to a reliable party. In case said eec
ond party assigns or transfers this lease
to a reliable party, then the said second
party, from and after such transfer and
assignment, Is released from the payment
of said rent or other liability under this
lease. But should said second party trans
fer or asBlgn to an unreliable party he
ehall remain liable for the rent."
A LEASE— B. M.. Ukiah, Cal. If a lease
contains a clause in the following words it
is self-explanatory:
SENATORS AND REPRESENTA
TIVES—N.' A. C. Nellie, San Diego
County. Cal. The Senators of California
are George C. Perking of Oakland and
Thomas R. Bard of Hueneme. The Rep
resentatives are John A. Barham of
Santa Hosa, Julius Kahn of San Fran
cisco Eugene F. Loud of San Francisco,
Victor H. Metcalf of Oakland. J. C. Need
ham of Modesto and Russell J. Waters of
Los Angeles.
CANCELED— Subscriber, City. Can
celed is from cancel, a law term derived
from the French canceller, to erase, and
from the Latin canceUlare, to make light
lattice-work. There was a time when writ-
Ing was canceled by marking the same
with cross lines after the style of lattice
work Canceled' and cancelled are both
proper, but the latter Is most generally
used in writing. ¦•-' '¦'.
THE CENSUS— J. S.. Sebastonol, Cal.
As yet no figures have been given out by
the Census Bureau of the United States
showing what the aggregate of the popu
lation In 1900 is. The totalization of each
State 1b going on as rapidly as possible,
and it is expected that in a few weeks the
correct figures will be given out.
NEW TORK, Nov. 2.— The following
Callfornlans are in New York: From San
Francisco— C. A. Buckley is at the Savoy.
\V Haynes and wife are at the Grand
Union, Mrs. A. Hendlng, Miss E. Morgan
and Mrs. J. S. Morgan are at the Gllsey,
A. M. Roellng and wife, are at the St.
Denis. MIPS Whltelock is at the Gllsey. A.
Hawe's is at the Manhattan, Miss B. E.
Nelson Is at the Herald Square. F. Nltze
is at the Continental. C. V. Borcke and
R Klelst are at the Belvedere, M. Levy
and wife are at the Broadway Central,
Mrs. S. Solomon is at the Murray Hill. J.
Thebaud is at the Imperial, J. Wood is at
the Gilsey.
From Los Angeles— Mrs. Friesner, J. x.
Fries,ner and Mrs. Garnsey are at the Gll
sey J. Armltage is at the Morton.
From Oakland— F. Prescott is at the
Murray Hill.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
EASTERN DIVORCES-X. X. X., City.
A person desiring information about di
vorces granted in an Eastern court should
write to tf he clerk of the court In which
the proceedings were pending. If a "ft
of divorces- that have been granted is
desired the applicant will have to pay the
cost of a transcript.
CAXIPORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
There is little wonder that Bryan handles the ice
trust with the tenderness of friendship. The warmth
with which the Democratic dispenser of hot air h
being attacked by uncomfortable questions makes it
reasonable that he should seek to retain some freezing
comfort.
As the statements of the Standard correspondent
were given a wide circulation it is but fair Mr. Davitt's
reply should have an equal notice. The issue is soma
thing more than a personal one between rival corre
spondents, and accordingly we have directed attention
to it in order to do justice to Davitt and remove from
the patriots of the Transvaal the stigma which he was
reported to have put upon them.
After further review of the course of the Standard
correspondent, Davitt concludes by saying: "I recol
lect with some little amusement now the fact that
while I was with the Boer forces I was repeatedly
threatened with summary punishment at the bayonet's
point or a Lee-Metford muzzle if I was once found
within convenient distance of such ministers of British
justice. Now, six months afterward, it is discovered
that I was 'disillusioned' by my experiences of Boer
fighting, and was really an opponent of President
Kruger all the time. I have the satisfaction of
knowing what the members of the Boer Government
think on the whole matter."
To this report as a whole Mr. Davitt has made de
nial in a letter to his paper. He denounces the cor
respondent of the Standard and says: "His characte/
for honorable journalism and his appreciation of Boer
lospitality may be gauged from the fact that he
stands alone, among all the correspondents, American,
English, Continental and Irish, who were with the
Boer forces, as the solitary libeler of their conduct and
actions, and malignant calumniator of the Govern
ment and people of whose hospitality he partook.
He was careful, of course, to conceal these views whHe
working with other correspondent. 1 ). They were re
served for expression when he was to go over to the
English side and bid farewell to the Mendlessohns and
Bruces, who could employ him no more in the jour
nalistic service of the Boer cause."
Furthermore, Mr. Davitt was reported to have said
by way of explaining his disillusionment that he had
seen the Boers abandon strong positions without
fighting, and that he was convinced: "Their purpose
is to prolong the business without seriously meaning
to fight, for the one object of heaping up bars of gold
they are taking from the mines and accumulating
them and hoarding them in obedience to the dictates
of that old man Paul Kruger,"
SOME days ago a dispatch from London pub
lished in The Call stated that the Pretoria cor
respondent of the London Standard had
in a communication to his paper thrown a
new light upon Michael Davitt's experiences in
the Transvaal. The dispatch went on to re
port the statements of the correspondent at some
length. In the report Mr. Davitt was quoted as hav
ing said to a friend: "I came out here at my own
expense. It has cost me I was full of enthu
siasm for these people. They knew my feelings, but
they never trusted me. To-day they refused to give
me information as to the situation for my papers, and
I go away broken and sick at heart. I am thoroughly
disillusioned."
MICHAEL DflVITT'S DENIAL.
The attention of the public is directed to thfs mat
ter because considerable numbers of intelligent citi
zens take so little interest in the details. of politics
that they are likely to make mistakes in preparing
their ballots. It is desirable to have every ballot
rightly prepared and fairly counted, and to that end
care must be taken to avoid the mistake which a lack
of explicit instruction upon the ballot itself renders
so liable to occur. ;
The one guide the voter has is to be found in the
fact that the names of candidates for each office are
arranged in columns under party designations. No
party has nominated more candidates than each voter
has a right to vote for. By noting the number in
each column nomin-ited for a particular office, such
as Superior Judge or Presidential Elector, the voter
can readily learn how many persons he is entitled to
vote for when he undertakes to make his selection
from the candidates of all the parties. By keeping
that fact in mind, errors may be avoided which would
have the effect of nullifying the entire ballot so far
as that office. is concerned.
An illustration of the evil effects likely to result
from the defect can be found in the contest for Su
perior Judge. There are to be elected four Judge*
for the full term and one for an unexpired term,
making five in all. For the full term there have been
nominated four Republicans, four Democrats, one
Prohibitionist, four Social Democrats and one Inde
pendent. For the unexpired term there have been
nominated one Republican, one Democrat, one
Social Democrat. The voter who does not care to
vote a straight party ballot is liable in selecting can
didates frotn these different tickets to vote for one
too many, thereby losing all his votes for that office.
The delect in the ballot is due to carelessness in
the amendment made in 1800. Formerly the law pro
vided that upon the official ballot "opposite the name
of each office there shall be printed a direction to the
voter specifying the number of persons to be voted
for for that office." No such provision now remains
in the law, and consequently the voter will find upon
his ballot when he enters the polling booth no instruc
tion or information upon that point.
I] PON the sample ballots sent out for the infor
\ I mation of voters the people will note that thib
* — year there has been omitted the instruction
given in former years as to the number of candidates
each voter is entitled to vote for. There is thus
danger that mistakes will be made, causing the vote
to lose his vote on some of the more important offices
at ftake. for if the voter marks more names than there
are persons to be elected to an office, or if for any
xeason it is impossible to determine, the voters' choice
for any office to be filled, his ballot will not . be
counted for such office.
0 DEFECT IN THE BALLOT LflW.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Tommy— Say. paw.. ¦.";."' : • ¦
Mr. Flgg— Well? •. '<¦¦¦":¦¦ ' .
Tommy— What Is the difference between
the practical politician and other kinds?
Mr. Figg— The practical politician, my
son. is of the kind that does not die "poor,
but highly respected." — IndianapoUa
Press. ¦ . . ' ¦..¦•'.•¦
Father (who has helped his son Tvlth his
homo work)— What did the teacher say
when you showed him the sum? Johnny
— He said I was getting more stupid every
day.— Glasgow Evening Times. '. . .
The political orator at the noon meeting
evidently was much disturbed, by • the
¦whistle of a big factory In the neighbor
hood. . . ¦....•¦.¦
"Never mind," yelled a hard-fisted son
of toll In the audience. . "I£ you «lect
Bryan he'll put a stop to that noise."—
Chicag-o Tribune. •_: . .-;- • ; :.: •
An Atchlson man whose niece will be
married shortly has sent her a promissory
note for $50 for a weddlny present.' to be
paid on her first we«ld!nc anniversary. He-,
figures it out that by. that time a. dollar
will appear as big to ner: as a wagon
wheel.— Atohlson Globe. " •¦ ,
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
WE have referred to the digest of Australian
land laws, procured by the legislative commit
tee of the National Livestock Association.
Commenting upon the leasehold system Colonel
John F. Hobbs, editor of the National Provisioned
New York, says: "I spent six years in Australia, in
a position to know the feeling; of the pastoral tenants
and the conditions surrounding those dry grazing
areas. The acts of the Australian Parliament which
provide for and regulste the leasing of these grazing
lands are really formed after consultation with the
rangers and an investigation of the conditions of
these ranches. In fact, the various acts of Parliament
from time to time are but a series of improvement
stages in legislation which are suggested by the ex
perience of the pastoralists themselves, and are in
tended to perfect the system and the conditions of the
crown land lessees. In other words, the tenants of the
arid districts virtually made these laws to fit the graz
ing conditions as they found them, by coming in prac
tical contact with them. Free ranges in Australia
were the most unsatisfactory of all ranges. Under
the free range system 'cattle duffing.' outlawry, confu
sion and range-jumping were inevitable. The crown
tenant would prefer the freehold first, the leasehold
next and free range the last of all. With the lease
hold he has some protection for his stock and a
chance for himself. As a free ranger he is only a
prospector for some green-eyed competitor. The,
lease system has done more to develop the arid dis
tricts and build up the livestock industry of Australia
than was ever done by either the freehold system or
the old free range system, and that is the impartial
view of it."
Our own people will recognize in this an almost
exact analogy with conditions in this country.
The committee expects now to get from Texas a
complete statement of the effect of the leasehold sys
tem applied to the arid ranges of that State. It is
not without interest that the stockmen of Texas op
poscd leasing, but the State entered upon the policy
as a means of revenue. Now, with a few years' ex
perience in it, the stock men would oppose a return
to the free range more stoutly than they opposed th*
leasehold under which they have prospered. The bar
ren ranges have been restored. The forage is re
newed, aridity has decreased and the profits of the
stock men and of the State treasury have steadily in
creased.
It is worthy of note that Colonel Hobbs says the
Australian laws originated with the runholders them
selves. That must be the case here. Whenever the
stock men will agree upon an experimental statute we
have no doubt Congress will pass it. No one should
expect that it will be perfect, but it will be a begin
ning upon which a system may be built, as in Aus
tralia. If its adoption be left optional with counties,
as it should be, it will be an improvement on the Aus
tralian plan, for experiment in a few counties will test
the fitness of the law, and it may be more easily im
proved than if it were a blanket statute.
The Call hopes to see an aroused interest in this
subject. California is involved in its right adjustment.
I for it carries with it questions of irrigation of su
| pi erne importance to this State. 1
THE RANGE LEASES.
SATURDAY. K O VEM BERj^QQO
''::¦:.;'': JOHN a SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Commjnications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
M.% XAGEITS OFFICE. T «"lt5l^!U!^^L221
iTULICAUOS OFKICE...M«rk«t and Third. S. F".
. : . Trlrphonr Prew 2O1.
EDITORIAL HOOMS 21T «o 221 Steventon St.
} - '., Telephone Presii U02.
DrilTrrrd l»r Cmw-w%r-rm. Ut Cent" P*r W^fc.
Slnple Coplr*. 5 Cent".
1>rm« by Mnll. Iuc!ndlntr Po«taarei
DAI1.T CALL. <:nrlu<iirjr Fun<!ay). ene year W.^O
DAILT CA1JL. Oncludine Sunflty), « month* S- o<)
t>AILT CALt, tlncludtnir Sunday). S months 1-W
DAILT CALL-By Etr.jtle Month Kc
fcUN'DAY CALL. One Tear !¦»
WKEKLT CALL One T^ur 1M
! . All poitnaitrn nro milhorlrrd to rfceiva '
.•';. ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦nb«crlptl«Tii«.
: Bamp!# cople« will he rorxard'd 'hen r»quMted.
Mail rofercrfb^r* !n crderlne chance of addrws shonid t«
particnlar to el** both I^EW AND OLD ADDRESS In oriler
to Sr.sur* a prompt and correct compliance with their requeit.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEOHGR KROCVEdS.
Vanager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
fLcnj: Dlftance T>]»phr>n* "C*ntrtl 2tl>.">
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARI.TOX Herald Square
NEW TORK RFPRESENTATn'E:
ETEPHEX It. SMITH ZO Tribune IlatldlnK
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Wajaerf-AFtcrUi Hotrl; A. Brrottno. O. UbIod Square:
Morray H1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NETVS STANDS:
Stwrmtn House: P. O. N#w« Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
fttmont House; Auditorium Hctel.
WASHIXCTOX (D. C> OFFICE. . . .1406 O St.. X. W.
MORTON K. CRANK. Correspondent.
BRAJtrH OITICKS— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:»» o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until »:S0 o'clock. &U
McAlllMer. open until 9:J0 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
t-.SA o'clock. Mil Mission, open until 10 o'clock. t»l Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until i o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until t o'clork. 106 Eleventh, open until • o'clock. NW. «r
rer Tww.iy-wnnnd and Kentucky, open until S o'clorK.
W. W. Douglas, Deputy State Con
troller, is at the Grand, having Just re
turned from the Hawaiian Islands, where
he went several weeks ago with the
Shrlner excursionists.
H. F. Jergens and family of Cincinnati
arrived at the California yesterday. They
expect to spend some time touring the
State. Mr. Jergens Is a big Ohio soap
manufacturer.
Philip Metschan and wife are stopping
at the Occidental, having just returned
from Honolulu. They are on their way to
Portland.
O. A. Hlckok, the well-known racehorse
driver, arrived at the Palace last even-
Ing. He registered from Lexington. Ky.
G. M. Francis and wife of Napa are at
the Occidental. Mr. Francis is a news
paper man.
J. A. Campbell and wife arrived In the
city from Nome yesterday and they are
at the Occidental.
Dr. J. S. Stone returned from Cape
Nome yesterday after an absence of six
months.
H. Whlttenburg, one of the owners of
the Portland Cracker Company, is at the
Grand.
Horace Darragh. a prominent Bakers
field mining, man, is registered at the
Russ.
Robert B. Bach and Frank O'Connor,
Brooklyn merchants, are at the Palace.
0. R. Morris of Nome is at the Grand.
Dr. W. EX Hart of Mexico is at the
Occidental.
David Starr Jordan is registered at the
Occidental.
F. H. Holmes of the United States navy
Is at the Occidental.
W. H. McClintock, a mining man from
Sonora, is at the Lick.
J. S. Bedford, who has oil interests at
Fresno, is at the Russ.
Dr. and Mrs. A. W. Smith of Balti
more are at the Occidental.
E. D. Flske. a Providence merchant, is
registered at the Palace.
G. H. Morrell, a Boston merchant, is at
the Palace with his wife.
W. A. Junker, manager of the Hotel
del Monte, Is at thq Palace.
G. C. Hyatt and wife of Stockton have
taken apartments at the (»rand.
Former Mayor B. U. Stelnman of Sac
ramento is stopping at the Palace.
C. D. Hazzard. a prominent Qulncy
land owner, is at the "Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
How anybody in this city can conscientiously . oppose
amendment No. 15 to be voted on at the coming election la^a d '™^ a^., &e ot
to answer. There are merchants in the city who can and do takead* ante ge
the bankrupt law and the statute of limitations, but such dealers are not.ne
UP The^ptsed amendment seeks to correct a defect arising ftP-j^ggg. 1 "
of limitations. All those who In their private business would take^ "^iinV
of such limitation will of course carry out that policy in voting jsain. .
amendment No. 15. The public should in this matter be S"»<^d by . n^ S JSn
system that regulates their private business. No fair-dealing
would take advantage of a mere legal technicality in paying otf empioj es
who serve him faithfully. . . Mtn ~\ The
There is one phase of this question that is not generally understood. 1 ne
State law provides that schools shall be kept open a certain time ea.cn jear.
Failing to do this a school district is deprived of the State »PProprt*tion.
which in this city amounts to several hundred thousand dollars. Ha.a i«
School Directors In 189S closed the public schools on account of the lac * " l
funds this city would have lost the entire State appropriation. The teacners.
therefore, were performing a double eei-vlce; they were doing their dut> in 1; ne
schools and at the B am« time giving their time at risk of loss to. save, tnis
State appropriation. " . ' '•
Had the Directors closed the schools and thus lost to this city the btate
appropriation, would they not have been liable on their bonds for neglect or
duty? And yet where the law compels under penalty the enforcement or a
public duty la it not reasonable to infer that It confers on the. cfilcial the
neceesary power to enforce the obligation? -V. .-'-•/.'¦ • . :
When these items are taken into consideration it can be seen that failure
to meet the moral obligation brought about by the lack of funds would be re
pudiation pure and simple. No business man In thi? city with any reputation
would take this advantage in his private business. He could not afford to,
for he would be held up to the scorn of his business associates. If it is wrong
in private business. It is wrong in public. : ; *; :
Amendment No. 15 seeks to meet an honest obligation. It seeks to reTnedy
a confiscation which Is a violation of the Federal constitution; it aim3 at
clearing away the stain of repudiation of hone3t debt, and. everybody ghould
vote for it. W, W. STONE. Principal Burnett Primary. .
San Francisco. Nov. 2, 1900. . "• . - ..¦ . . •
NBW YORK TIMES-Some of the most
highly placed men in Chir.a have marl v
themselves answf rable for the murder of
..mprlf'an citizens. I'ntil their own Uve»
have paid the forfeit nf their Crimea our
account with China will not be balanced.
"•NEW YORK MAIL AND EXPRES&-
The •'tmpartalirm" whl'-h Prestdent Mc-
Kinleyls-BPekimi to establish in the PhW
iprmes. is the impcrtalsm of enduring
peace, prosperity,, popular eduration,
pome rule and absolute {security for the
lite and property of every Individual.
NEW YORK PRESS- Secretary Root
produce^ documentary proof, first, that
the Agumaldist government disclaimed
alliance with the rr.lt*<l States In the war
with Spain, and second, that it carried on
the war against the Unft«d States in alli
ance with the Pry^nite partv In America.
This closes the case in lawyer fashlm..
aiivl a moMch .for .Judgment Is in order.
UTICA PRKSS--N0 ..genuine Democrat
has the right to feel aggrieved over any
body's opposition to . ine Nebraskan m
18M or in this campaign. One of. the rea
sons why very many .oppose him la that
he la not a DemoiTat. iroUowtng hla de
feat genuine Democracy will reassert lt
self and again return to control the p*rty
which . in recent years has pilfered .us
name. '. : ..'. ..;.'¦¦ : • : . • :
.XEWTORK SUN— The assumption that
t»-e courts discriminate, in favor of tha.
rle.i offender, and the pretense that Mri
Bryan, If he berarne Pre?|rjenf. would H
Judfce and Jury and stern against th-»
wealthy violator of law are es?enttaHjr
Brxanese and Illustrate the dem.is^gy t.>
which he descends" and the Immeasurable
ignorance which he ascribes to h!a audi
ence?;. '•: ¦/. ': .•'¦.'.• -.'. ;¦.¦.-•
CH ARLESTOX XEIfTS A NT) COURIER
— One of our correspondents •xpr»5sea thai
opinion that the constitutional provision
allowing an action against a county fr
damages In case.9 of "lynching" occurrtr.5
In its territory, "is of no value." As jl
matter of fact It has almost done away
¦with lynching In South Carolina. Ther»
was not a single : case of , lynchlr.j? la
1S99, and there has been only one in 1>jO.
NEW YORK COMMERCIAL ADVER
TISER— Whether a second defeat shall
rid. hta party of Bryan or not, it will re
quire years for that party to regain what
it has lost through ha leadership. He hai
reduced it to the elements of discontent,
disorder and ignorance. . These -elements
predominate now in its. councils, and will
continue to predominate till better ele
ments return to Its councils through the
attraction of more worthy leadership.
BOSTON HERALD- Great Britain t*
finding, as we predicted that 8hw would
when she adopted the policy of uncondi
tional surrender, that it is a very difficult
task to subjugate a people as brave ami
stubborn as th«» Boers are. both by rac*
and by training. In number they are a
feeble folk, but in spirit they appear to
be worthy descendants of the : heroic
Dutchmen who . wrested their Independ
ence from. Spain, when that country was
at the height of Its military power.
NEJV YORK POST— rt is no small thing
for a party newspaper to bolt the can
didate, of its party for President... It
means a real sacrifice when the Detroit
Free Press, for example^ whose readers
are chiefly Democrats who vote the regu
lar ticket, refuses* to support that ticket,
and tells the truth about a candidate
whom It considers unfit to fill the Presi
dential . office. It is consequently an im
pressive vindication of the growing inde
pendence of the prf-ssthat so many Demo
cratic journals have lived up to their con
victions during this campaign, without
counting the cost. . .
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
chances with an old and nearly exhausted man as
Prime Minister and a bungler as Foreign Secretary.
If Salisbury holds on his course British influence in
diplomacy for a while at least is going to be of a
purely negative kind, and it is doubtful if Parliament
and the public will long submit to such a situation.
VIEWS OF A PRINCIPAL
ON AMENDMENT NO. 15
These are some of the reasons why Kansas will give
President McKinley n majority, and they are reasons
which affect the whole country. Bryan's campaign oi
deliberate misrepresentation this year is worthy only
to be set alongside his 1896 campaign for false
prophecies. He said then that if he were beaten and
the gold standard were affirmed prices would fall, a?
surely a« a stone falls when cast into the air. and that
the schools would have to be closed, more men would
be idle, more men desperate and therefore more
crime! What man, for any justifiable reason, can
really want Bryan for President? A man is not a
statesman who fails in every forecast of the future and
who willfully misrepresents the present. Bryan is
guilty of both, and in that is sufficient evidence of hi?
utter unfitness for the Presidency or for any other
great public responsibility. •
A walking plow costs $1 more than in 1806. A rid
ing plow, then costing $55. is now $60. The Populist
press, following the false lead of Mr. Bryan, said it
took 40 per cent more Rrain to buy a plow now than
then!
Going to farm prices of stock in Kansas: Four
years ago hops were worth S2 60; this year $4 85.
Oats were then 8 cents: this year 20 cents. Coal oil
is the same price as in 1S96: coal in that country has
rot risen in price. The same amount of farm staples
now buys more lumber, more sugar, more merchan
dise of every description, pays more debts, and with
the great advantage in the comparati% r e rise in prices
enjoyed by farm produce the farm lands have risen
in value.
These wild statements set the farmers themselves
to figuring, and they found that a heating-stove which
co?t $74 in 1R06 costs only $15 now: a cook-stove
was $.}2 50 then and is $.35 now. Four years ago wheat
in Kansas was 44 cents. At the date of these calcula
tions this year it was 50 cents. Therefore four years
ago it took 3Xii bushels to buy a heating stove, this
year it took only 25^ bushels, saving the farmer
$3 fa. Four years ago the farm price of corn in Kan
sas was Ilj4 cents. This year it was 33 cents. At
the farm price it took 282 bushels of corn to buy a
conk-stove. This year it took only 113 bushels, sav
ing 160 bushels, worth $55 07.
Following Bryan's lead the Populist press of Kan
sas widely published the statement that this year it
lakes 50 per cent more wheat to buy a stove than in
1896. 20 per cent more corn to buy a wagon, twice as
much corn to buy a coil of rope, 40 per cent more
grain to buy a plow, and ion per cent more to buy
a copper kettle, and all farm machinery in the same
ratio.
In 1896 the Chicago price of corn was 22 cents a
bushel. The day he made his statement it was a frac
tion over 41 cents. Therefore in 1896 it took 284
bushels of corn to buy a wagon, and this year it took
170 bushels to buy the same wagon, saving to the
farmer 114 bushels of corn, worth $46 74. The num
ber of bushels of corn required to buy a wagon in 1896
was this year at that date worth $116 44, or within $8
of the price of two wagons at the figure of 1896.
\ A R. BRYAN has gone among farmers in the
/ \ grain belt to discontent them with their con
* * dition and stir them to a change by misrepre
senting comparative prices. In Kansas he told them
that, while the price of their product had advanced
somewhat, the rise in manufactured articles was so
much greater as to leave them worse off than in 1896.
Descending to details, he said that a trust had put up
the price of Studebakerfarm wagons so much that
it takes more bushels of corn to buy a farm wagon
now than four years ago. In 1806 the price of a
Studebakcr farm wagon in Kansas was $62 50. This
year it is $70, an advance of 12 per cent.
COMPARATIVE PRICES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 19OO.
For a Cold In the Head.
Laxailve Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. •
It would be interesting to know what particular
sphere of domestic economy would be possible* for the
Herrin person in the administration. of the Southern
Pacific Company under the Vanderbilts. * ...-
After all these years some one has just discovered
that the right arm of the Liberty statue in New York
harbor is out of plumb, and we may now expect forty
thousand people to rise up and swear they observed
the fact the first time they saw the thing.
As soon as the election is over the public will find
the South African news again interesting. Old man
Dewet is still fighting.
Several of our local prize-fighters say that they
trill gro East if they win in the ring here. Let them
feel that they have our sincerest hopes for their imme
diate success: ¦ '-
6
- A vigorous growth, and th» original color ftren
tothe hair by Parker" • Hair Balaam. ' .' :¦
Hlnd«e<)rn9.- th« beat cnr» for coma. ; IS eU.
People of Impoverished blood fall an eaar
prey, to the rlepra «f winter. Restore your
vitality by the use of DR. SiEOERT'S Angos-
tura Bitters. • ; '¦¦¦¦: ' -.¦¦ ':'¦' •¦¦.•.•-.:.• ; \-.:;.'
Nine girls have been specially engaged.
to take charge In the Berlin central tele-
phone office of the- service. -with. .FarU.
By- agreement French has been adopted
«s the official language, as many Germans
know French, but few French know Ger-
man. • • " - ••'
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau <Alien's). 510 Mont-
gomery at. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend"3 California s'.ace fruits. SOc a
pound In flre-ftched . or Jap. bas-
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building. •
Ice cream chocolates. Boston mints, ala-
cuma, Towr.send's, O Market street. •
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townaend'a. 0
Splendid Cal. gla'-e cherries. Townsend'a. 0
Peanut crlsp3. Townsend's.
AUCTION SAT/PS.
By S. Watfclr:*— Monday. November S. at 11 o'clock. Hors»«,
•t ibU Vallejo ctreete.
Olyropla, corner Maron and Eddy etreet»— Sp»claltie«.
. Cliute«. Zoo ajid Theater^ — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venir.g.
Fischer 1 »— Va.ud»rille,
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths — O?en nlshts.
California — "For H*r F*k«."
Orrheum— Vaud*vlll».
Grand Opera-housf— "S«>rret Ptnioe."
Grand Opera -hnuf*— Maurice Grau Opera. Company. Moe-
day evening. November 12.
Tirc;i-"Aidju" .
Alhombra — "KJnc of the Opium Ring."
Alcaxar— "Xorth^rn Ugtits."
Columbia— "Oliver Goldsmith."
AMUSEMENTS*
I Sunday y- •: ¦;: {
Call. J
1 NOVEMBERS . " ¦ -. '¦¦'.•"\".'n. . .-X".". " .- ¦ -^
I : the Mort Sensational ''f ' ;• fc
y . Story of the Day, : ¦ f'yy : : \w\:. ;: ¦¦.-¦ : -x--yy\ '\
I "In \ . I
I > Male ; \
X Attire> " -.¦,'. i :
M M ihc Celebrated cirirr n t ve- tv : iu I
m W P..~i!«ti A.4«t,~> i-_ EIGHT DAYS IN; AN H:
1 / «ph HattC^ ' J OPEN. BOAT WIWI
I f I I VAT^R; TO DRINK B
f NATIONAL CONSEE* 8
f BY LILLIAN NOSDICA -I
MY STFUGGLB TO B
GET ON THE STAGE I
BY JANE PLUNKETT. ISeeks Old Position.
The petition of Mary Mead Morrisey
for a writ of mandate to compel the Board
of Education to reinstate her as principal
of the John Swett Evening School was
called for hearing by Judge Murasky yes
terday. .The argument of law points oc
cupied the session, and a continuance un
til next week was ordered _ .
Still More Counterfeiting.
The Secret Service has unearthed another
band of counterfeiters and secured a large
quantity of bogus bills, which are so cleverly
executed that the average person would never
suspect them of being spurious. Things of
great value are always selected for Imitation,
notably Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, which has
many Imitators but no equals for disorders like
Indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, | nervous
ness and general debility. Always go to relia
ble druggists who have the reputation of glr
ln« what you ask for.
Knocked Down by a Wagon.
R. H. Cadwell was treated at the Re
ceiving Hospital yesterday for a possible
fracture of the skull. Cadwell was cross
ing Sixth street, near Natoma, when a
light wagon knocked him down and rolled
him over on the basalt block pavement.
When taken to the hospital Dr. Dorr
dressed several lacerated wounds on his
head and found what he believed to be a
fracture to the base of the man's skull.
He waB retained at the hospital for ob
servation. The driver of the wagon
whipped up his horse and drove away be
fore his Identity could be ascertained.
Judge William P. Lawlor should receive
the support of all who believe in an hon
est, upright and fearless judiciary. •
Work of Chinatown Squad.
The report of Sergeant B. McManus on
the work of his squad in Chinatown for
the month of October was submitted to
Chief Sullivan yesterday. It was one of
the most profitable months In the history
of the department, as the total fines ag
gregated $2364. The total arrests made
were 342. two being for keeping a Chinese
lottery, 121 for aiding and abetting, three
for visiting, eighty for having tickets In
their pot3se6lon: two for keeping a fan
tan game. 113 visiting; one for keeping an
opium place, seven visiting, one felony
and tw.elve misdemeanors. Of these 2S8
were convicted and paid fines, ten were
convicted and confined, forty were dis
missed and four cases are still pending in
the Police Courts.
For a Cold in the He.id.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets.
This Is Miss Carna's first visit home
since she made her great hit in opera
several seasons ago. About a year ago
she married Charles Russak. a New York
millionaire and clubman. The marriage
ended her brillinnt stage career.
Miss Barna is a Mills College girl, and
even In her college days she was picked
out by her schoolmates as one who had
a successful future before her. After
graduating she sang in local concerts and
attained a small reputation. But her ca
reor did not begin till about twelve years
ago, when she went East. She was taken
up by musicians there and became a great
favorite in concert and church music. All
this ended when she married Millionaire
Smith of Boston and retired to private
life. A short tour of Europe by the
couple was broken by a separation, and
thereafter Miss Barna devoted herself un
remittingly to the cultivation of her won
derful voice and the study of grand opera.
Her debut was the success of the season.
Frau Wagner invited her to sing at the
Bayreuth festival— the highest compliment
that can be paid a foreign singer. Later
Miss Barna carried her success to London.
Two years ago sha Joined the Metropoli
tan Opera Company In New York and
made a pronounced hit in several of Mel
ba's most noted roles. For a time ehe
was cast on alternate nights with that
famous singer.
Hut for a second time a wealthy mar
riage cut short her brilliant stage career
and she became Mrs. Charles Russak.
UuBlnesg detains Air. Russak In the East,
but he may be out here later to Join his
wife. There Is a third sister, Sydnia. In
the family. All the sisters are highly
gifted vocally, but Marie was the only
one who elected to go upon the stage.
Marie Barna, the famous singer, arrived
here last night on a visit to her parents.
Mr. and Mrs. Barnard. Accompanying
her !s her sltsor, Mrs. Jack Shainwald.
The diva abbreviated the family name to
Barna when she began to sing in public.
Sister, Mrs. Jack Shainwald,
Visits Her Parents.
Famous Singer, Accompanied by Her
MARIE BARNA, DIVA,
IN SAN FRANCISCO
man in Black," Not Yet
Disposed Of.
Henry Meyers, the alleged husband of
Nellie Meyers, both of whom were recent
ly arrested for stealing articles from
houses they visited on the pretext of en
gaging rooms, was sentenced to t=lx
months in the Countv Jail by Judge Con-
Ian yesterday. Decision in the case of the
woman, who is charged with burglary,
was postponed till to-day.
Albert Drucker was convicted by Judge
Conlan yesterday on the charge of obtain
ing money by false pretenses, and will be
sentenced to-day. He got $50 from Dave
Martin, pawnbroker, 72 Third street, on a
stone supposed to be a diamond, but
which proved to be a topaz. Drucker's
defense was that he believed the stone,
was a diamond.
James Claire, charged with breaking
into toolhouses, appeared before Judge
Conlan yesterday on three charges of bur
glary. He was held to answer on one
charge for breaking into a toolhouse at
Bush and Leavenworth streets. His bond3
were fixed at $2000. The other cases were
continued until next Thursday.
Frank Schuster, alias Martini, is wanted
by the police on a charge of burglary.
George RuiU, baker, 468 Valencia street,
swore to a warrant In Judge • Conlan's
court yesterday for Schuster's arrest for
breaking Into his store and stealing hla
cash register, which. It is alleged, he sold
to the Columbia auction rooms.
Charge Against His Wife, "the Wo-
SIX MONTHS IN JAII.
IS MEYERS' SENTENCE
Arthur J. Williams, colored, was ar
rested on Barbary Coast last evening af
ter a long chase by Ofllcer Js-Ck Crowley
and charged with burglary at the Cen
tral police station.
Williams Is accused of having entered
the candy store of Hector T. Bonnalle at
1019 Van Ness avenue early yesterday
morning and of robbing the till of S6
and the counters of a quantity of candy
Thursday night, the police claim, he
robbed a companion of an overcoat on
Pacific street, but returned the property
and was not prosecuted. Later, It Is al
leged, he committed the burglary by
opening a rear door with a "jlrnmie "
Officer Crowley located Williams last
evening on Montgomery avenue, near
Kearny. Williams attempted to escape
but after a chase of several blocks ha
wag captured.
BURGLAR GIVES THE
POLICE LONG CHASE
Arthur J. Williams, Colored, Enters
a Candy Store and Goes to
Jail.
Meeting of Board of Supervisors for
the Purpose Fails of a
Quorum.
The Investigation of water rates Is des^
tlned to be delaved for some time to come.
Judging from the dilatory tactics em
ployed by the Board of Supervisors In
pursuing the Inquiry.
Last night a meeting was to have been
held for the purpose of taking testimony
as to the value of the property of the
Spring Valley Water Company, but a
quorum of city fathers was not present,
so an adjournment was necessary.
Mayor Phelan and Supervisors Comte,
Connor, Boxton, Brandensteln, Braun
hart, Wilson, Curtis and d'Ancona were
on hand and waited for their absent col
leagues for over an hour. Pelham Ames,
secretary of the Spring Valley Company,
and C. W. Kellogg, its attorney, were also
present, but no questions were asked of
them.
INVESTIGATION OF WATER
RATES AGAIN POSTPONED
SergeaJit Barney McManus and posse
raided two gambling clubs In Chinatown
last evening and brought thirty-two pris
oners to the Central station. The cap
tures were effected by Officer Jack Con-
Ian, who disguised himself as a China
man and slipped past the lookouts. One
club at 802 Dupont street gave up twelve
players and another at S20Vt Washington
yielded twenty of the sportive element.
McManus Makes More Raids.
An interesting service for men will be
held at the Young Men'3 Christian Asso
ciation Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
streets, to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock.
The Kpiscopallan monk. Rev. Father
Huntlngton, will address the service, and
there will be solos and duets by Miss Ade
line E. Blrchler and D. M. Lawrence. All
young men are Invited.
Bev. Mr. Huntington to Speak.
The Health and Hospital Committee of
the Hoard of Supervisors recommended
yesterday that the Board of Health be
directed to make an immediate and
searching Investigation of the allegations
contained In a report filed by Supervisor
d'Ancona that the milk furnished to the
patients In the City and County Hospital
is of poor quality and far below the
standard required by ordinance. D'Anco
na stated that ho had secured samples
of the milk in the patients' dining room
and in the wards and after sealing them
had submitted them to City Chemist
Green for analysis. The samples from
the dining room were taken In the even
ing, when the milk was placed on the
tables for supper. He had also taken
samples from the patients in the ward*
Just as they were about to drink the
mtlk out of cups. In every instance the
reports of the analysis made by tho
chemist show that the milk was deficient
In specific gravity, butter fat and solids
and greatly exceeded the maximum of
| water allowed by the standard.
A peculiar fact in connection with
D'Ancona's discovery w the fact that the
samples submitted to the chemist by the
attaches of the City and County Hospi
tal In the regular course of business were
found by Green to be above the standard
in one case and only slightly below in
another. D'Ancona ascribes this discrep
ancy In the two analyses to the fact that
the milk must have oeen adulterated in
the hospital Itself. He characterized the
proceeding as being an outrage if It were
carried on and desired Superintendent
Sussdorf to investigate the matter forth •
with.
Supervisor Braunhart objected to this
course on the ground that the Board of
Health was the proper body to make tho
Investigation and not a eubordinate.
D'Ancona agreed with Braunhart and it
was so ordered.
D'Ancona declared that the milk fur
nished to the patients was such that a
food Inspector would be justiiietl In
dumping it into the street shculd he dis
cover it on a passing wagon.
The ordinance regulating the purity of
milk requires that the article shall have
a specific gravity of not less than 10.20
per cent; butter fat not less than 3.2 per
cent; solids other than fat, 12 per cent;
water, not more than 88 per cent. The
ordinance does not fix the amount of
cream, but the standard Is recognized as
being 9 per cent. A comparison of the:**
figures and those for the samples fur
nished patients will show at a glance
wherein the latter are deficient.
The milk taken from the patients' din
ing room was ascertained by the chemist
to be very poor milk and far below tho
standard. The analypls showed Its spe
cific gravity to be 1.0237 vex cent; butter
fat. 1.4; solids not fat, 6.21; water, 92.39;
cream,, 4.
The milk from the workmen's dinlnj?
room showed the specific gravity to be
1.0206; butter fat, 1.4; solids not fat, 5.43;
water, 93.17: cream, 4. The milk served
to the patients In wards had a specific
gravity of 1.032S; butter fat. 2.3; solids not
fat, S.C6; water, 89.04; cream, 3. This was
designated as poor milk by ti.e chemist
Board of Health Is Directed
to Make a Searching
Investigation.
MILK FURNISHED
BELOW STANDARD
M1NER FOILS
BUNKO MEN
Four Notorious Sharpers
Behind Bars at Hall ;;
of Justice.
Thursday Reynolds reported to the po
lice that he ha/i been accosted by two
"stt?erers." who took him to a room on
Pott street, near Ptockton. Ae Boon as he
entered the place an attempt was made
to get his money in wliat Is known as the
"quartz" game. The miner, after a time,
realized that he had been led tnto a trap
End. rising fr^m the table, announced his
intention of departing; He told the quar
tet of sharpers what lie thought of them,
but the latter Insisted upon hit remain
ing. •
Reynolds at length fought' hla way out
and gained the street. lie led the police
to the room yesterday and the four men
wrrc found awaiting another victim.
Their paraphernalia was secured and
their arrest followed. . •-'-.," : . •
Four sharp bunkn men— Harry Walters.
Frank Leslie. T. Estrau and T. ,E, Gait
were taken into custody yesterday:after
noon by Officers John Sullivan and J. B.
Hurd and charged with ; vagrancy at thi
City Prison. On Thursday they attempted
to fleece J. P. Reynolds, a Nevada min-
Irg men. but the would-be victim from
the Sagebrush State was .too. wily! for
their -gTaft." After a. struggle he suc
ceeded In escaping fiom the laJr Into
w hich he had been led. xe: Reynolds diJ
not puffer from his experience with the
bunko men the officers were unable to
hold them on any other charge except
vagrancy. • • -..]'
GEFFENEY QUITS
UNDER FIRE
Retires Before the Inquiry
Into His Official Acts
Is Ended.
Albert Qeffeney denied the charges, but
admitted that he had been grossly negli
gent In having mislaid the three passes
that had been signed by him in blank. In
the official investigation which followed
Nakada said that an employe of the
euiamer, name and Identity unknown,
gave -him the passes.
. Curtis -arid the Japanese hangers-on of
the bureau are no longer there. Commis
sioner North having expressed a desire
that they absent themselves from his
sphere: of Influence. ¦
Charles Geffeney the next day made a
statement, implicating Albert H. Geffeney
and Waldo Curtis, the latter being a
hanger-on of the bureau and a candidate
•for the position of Japanese Interpreter
for the courts, etc.. at Honolulu.
On October 14 Charles Geffeney, brother
of the Immigrant Inspector, came to the
gangplank of the America Maru with
Robert Lyons, an attorney, and a Japan
ese named Nabada. Geffeney presented
to the Customs Inspector on watch orders
from the. Immigration Bureau for the
landing of the three women. The orders
were, signed by A. H. Geffeney, but they
were not honored, because the Customs
Inspectors had been warned beforehand
that the women- must not be landed.
A. H. Geffeney. United States Immi
grant Inspector at this port, has tendered
his resignation to his principal. Hart H.
North, and the resignation Is now on its
way to Washington. Pending its accept
ance or rejection, the Investigation Into
Geffeney's connection with the attempted
illegal landing of three Japanese women
will be suspended. Geffeney has not been
near the bureau for the past two days,
and although his name Is still on tho pay
roll, Commifisioner Hart says that he will
receive no pay for the days on which he
may be absent.
;: Joseph' Cllelola, a laborer, about 50
years of age. out of work and despondeht,
attempted yesterday a/ternoori to end lili
life by cutting' his throat with a. com
mon lable knife. Cileiola lived with his
family at £23 Vallejo street, and while
his wife was in. the yard he went to : the
kitchen and thrust the knife in. the. right
ride of his neck, making a deep but not
dangerous Incised wound. He was taken
to 'he Receiving Hospital, where Dr.
Starr .dressed his injuries, arrd later- he
was removed to the. City and County
Hospital.
Despondent and Wanted to Di©i
Joseph T. O'Connor as Justice of the
Peace will be under rio obligation of any
kind or character to any man or Eat of
men; except those he owes to the people.
Vote for him. -.- -;. ', • , • - . •;
To-morrnw afternoon the annual Cal
rarian Society service commemorative of
the day of "All Souls" will be held at St.
llary's Cathedral, commencing' at 3 o'clock.
The exercise* will consist of the "Way of
.he Crops." a sermon and benediction, with
:h* blessed 6acrament. Rev. J. W. Sulli
van of the -seminary at Merilo Park will be
:he *penker ori the occasion. •.•¦¦.
All Souls' Day Commemoration.
Expresses Desire That None but Sis
: Widow Look Upon His Dead
' :¦ :¦' ; . •. ¦¦- .Face. - .
The will of the late Henry T. Emery,
for maiiy years secretary of . the Mer
chants' Exchange, was filed for probate
yesterday. Decedent bequeaths hji esate
valued at $3500 to his wife, Mrs. Maleta
Emery. After disposing of his estate the
testator hn his will says:
"I wish to be buried with my first wife,
Marietta Emery, and child In Yerba Buena
?lat. Odd Fellows' . Cemetery, In this cliy.
most emphatically request that my re
mains shall not be exposed to view, as I do
not wlrh any person except my dear wife
to look upon my face after I am dead."
The deceased further requested that he
be burled with full Masonic honors. His
wiehes were respected. ' - • •
E2TERY DID NOT WANT
HIS REMAINS VIEWED
Robbed the Firm of
Mack & Co.
POLICE GET
ANOTHER OF
DRUG THIEVES
Rounding Up the Men Who
Dave McKean, an ex-Convict and Cro-
Between for the Thieves,
Behind Prison
Bars.
Another member of the gang that has
been systematically robbing Mack &
Co., wholesale drugffists, Is locked up
In the tanks. His name Is Dave McKean.
He was arrested yesterday afternoon at
the Hall of Justice, while endeavoring to
get a permit to see Harry Geran, who Is
charged with the same offense. McKean
Is an ex-convlct. Some time ago he was
arrested for cracking a safe in a store on
Market street and sent to San Quentin for
two years and a half. He was paroled on
January 4, 189$, after having served a por
tion of his sentence. Prior to his arrest
and conviction he married Geran's
mother. In addition to being the "go be
tween" for the gang, McKean lg strongly
suspected by the detectives of being the
safe cracker who has been operating In
this city during the past month.
Shortly after t o'clock yesterday after
noon McKean and his wife visited the of
fice of the Chief of Police and asked for
a permit to see Oeran.
"This Is the boy's mother," remarked
McKean, pointing to his wife; "she wants
to see him."
Recognizing him as the ex-convlct for
whom ne had been looking in connection
with the wholesale looting of Mack &
Co.'e store. Detective Gibson, who was
present, asked him his name.
"Aly name is Williams.' 1 carelessly re
marked tho man. "I guess you don't want
me."
"Yes I do," laughingly remarked the de
tective; "come with me."
Gibson then slipped his handcuffs on Me-
Kean's wrists and escorted him to the
City Prison, where he was locked up In
the tanks. McKean, so the police say,
assisted "Ike" Muller In disposing of the
drugs and chemicals stolen from Mack &
Co. They claim that Muller, after re
ceiving the stuff, would give It to Mc-
Kean to sell. After Muller left the city
to avoid arrest McKean. It Is claimed,
entered Into a compact with the men who
were robbing: Mack & Co., whereby
he was to handle all the property stolen
from the drugKl'ts. Several days ago the
detectives learrefi that McKean had dis
posed of a quantity of cocaine, and after
satisfying themselves that It had been
stolen from Mack & Co., they de
cided to arrest him. They visited his
house, expecting to- find him home, but
were told that he was out of the city.
McKean evidently Intended to ''run a
bluff" on the detectives by going to po
lice headquarters, never thinking that he
would be arrested.
After being taken to the City Prison ha
tried to destroy a letter, which is sup
posed to have been sent him by Muller.
but was prevented. The police refuse to
disclose the contents of the letter. Mul
ler, It Is reported, is now on his way ta
Salt Lake from Oregon, and word has
been sent to the Chief of Police of that
city to nrrest htm.
It Is now estimated that the gang has
succeeded In getting away with over $10.
000 worth of drugs and chemicals belong 1
Ing to the drug company.
Drs. Ralph Addlson Huntingdon and J.
D. Hill, charged with the murder of Miss
Jennie McKown, were Instructed and ar
raigned In Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day. Dr. Huntlngton was represented by
ex-Judge Ferral and Dr. Hill by Attor
ney John Flournoy. Both defendants ap
peared ' to feel the responsibility resting
on them and were nervous and excited.
When the case was called ex-Judge Fer
ral said that Mrs. Belle MeCottrey, the
dead girl's sister. In swearing to the
complaint charging the defendants with
murder had unwittingly perjured herself,
as she was not personally conversant
with the facts. It was a dangerous prac
tice and Captain Seymour, who had ad
vised her to do bo, knew that It was
wrong. Captain Seymour, who was In
court, smiled.
Ex-Judge Ferral contended that the
charge could not be more than murder
in the second depree, as there was an en
tire absence of malice or premeditation.
The Supreme Court so decided In tho
case of ex pRrte Wolfe in 18S0. He asked
that the defendants should be admitted to
bail.
The Judge said he had nothing to do
with the swearing of the complaint. His
duty was simply to see that the facts al
leged In the complaint were verified and
the complaint was signed. He assumed
that all the facts were elicted In the
warrant clerk's office before the com
plaint waa Issued. Ho agreed with ex-
Judpe Ferral that the charge could only
be murder In the second desree, but It
was not within his province to order a
new complaint to be drawn up and
signed. As to the matter of ball ha would
consider it and give his decision in tho
afternoon. The preliminary examination,
was 6et by consent for November 8.
At 2 o'clock the attorneys were present
In court and the Judge said he had de
cided, after reading over the testimony
given at the Coroner's inquest, to admit
the defendants to bail. As Dr. Hill was
not as sprjously Involved as Dr. Hunting
ton he would fix his bonds at $5000 and
I>r. Huntlngton's at $10,^00. Hill was soon
released from prison. Joseph Rosenberg
and A. Hermann, brokers, qualifying on
his bond, being the same sureties who
were on his bond when he was released
last Tuesday by order of Judjje Fritz.
Ex-Judge Ferral did not expect to have
Huntlngton's bonds ready till this morn-
Ing, as one of the sureties lived In Oak
land.
Judge Cabaniss Instructs and Ar
raigns Defendants and the Casa
Is Ordered Continued Un
til Next Thursday.
One Secures Bail and Lib
erty and One Is Still
in Jail.
FIXING BONDS
OF HILL AND
HUNTINGT0N
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1900.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINTE TO-DAY. FATURDAT. NOV, S.
Parquet, 25c. any s»at: patcony, lOo; Chil-
dren. 10c, any part except reserved. . ••
BEST SHOW IN TOWN. BEST PEOPLE IN
VAUDEVILLE.
DOLAN ANDLENHABB,PBELLE'S
TALKING DOGS, JOHNSON,
RIANO AND BENTLEY, HOW-
ABD AND BLAND, GEOBOE
EVANS, •:¦• i
LE3 FRASETTIES. WORLD AND HAST-
INGS. BLANCHE RINO. LIZ-
ZIE B. RAYMOND.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMTJSEMEirrS.
ALF ELUNGHOUSB Prop, and Mgr.
PHONE SOUTH 770.
Our Capacity Is -Being Tested to the
Very Walls of This Big Theater.
Beat Bale Goes on With Great Rapidity.
THE KING
OF THE
OF>IUM Ft INC I
Jtatlr.ee Saturday and Sunday.
MONDAY. .NEWSBOYS' NIGHT.
TUESDAY EVENING-Electlon Returns
will be read (pom the stage-complete
service.
Kvenins 15c, {5c, 35c. 50c and Toe
Matinee 15c. 25c. S'c and 50c
Next-"A TOUNG WIFE."
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
THE ROMANTIC DRAMA.
NORTHERN
LIGHTS.
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEBK.
"LOST PARADISE."
Seats 15c. 2Jc. 35c, 50c. "'^
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND BVEN1NO.
TO-NIGHT I TO-NIGHT I
Big Cakewalk!
WISE AND MILTON of Australia
Versus «:-/¦
JACK AND MARTHA STEWART
of San Francisco
For the Colored Championship of tho
Coast,
¦ ¦ * And Many Others.
Telephone for Eeat»— Park U.
FT^THFR'^ concert house.
flOtniin O Adml«*lon IOc
Fourth aet of "ERNANI 1 ." Faccl, Franco,
Allesandronl, Puerarl, Ovando and Varraa,
vocalists. Joe Hays and LunetU.
Reserved Seats. ¦ 25c; MatVneo Sunday.
SCHLATTER'S
PIVINB HEAUNQ EVERY SUNDAY NIGHT
(7:30). at HOOVER HALL, 1327 Market St.: M
patients healed last Sunday night. Admission
25 cents. .
TO THE ELECTORS OF THE BTATE. AND . PARTICULARLY. THOSE OF THE CITT
AND COUNTY OF BAN FRANCISCO. . ,
The un<Jerrlgned committee; haying In charge the rlaoing before the electors the Justice
of the fr.reitotn* amendment, desire to Btata a few fact* with the hope that th« equity and
.<umi<--p of the claimn. which by the passage of the amendment we hope to legalize, may ba
All of the loading business organizations of this city have encouraged the effort that Is
r*!r~ mad* to »-l~e out these obligations of the city— the debts of honor due her merchants
¦ nd^it!z*n« -<--f.rs.Mr who supplied poo-Is, wares and merchandise, and rendered Indispensable
"eA-ccs «t » time when the city was destitute of funds. *ut pledged Itself to make payment
for such good* and »ervlces a« soon as it could be legally accomplished. It should be re-
membered thatthe roods for which payment Is asked were supplied and used by the city;
that the eervlei* rendered were performed for the city, and that In all cases the demands
for the goods and services were urgent and In some cases Importunate, tfut for the publlc-
? plrttMl TourSe. of manjr-of the creditor- of th* city, who are now compelled to find Just c«
Ly an «pp"al to the people, th* functions of government must have been suspended, with
attendsr.t confusion and «-ip*nse entailed upon the city.
As far as possible of a»<-*rtalnment, the peonle of this city are more than anxious for
the extinguishment of this Indebtedness and the restoration of full confidence in th* pledged
Joc4 faith of the city and county of-San Fran-I*ro. Theadnption of this amendment to th*
t , , ~ _ ¦.* * u t 1 1 ,r> \m m n^ff^Bi rr st*?p In t hat d 1 rc-ct ion.
At the last State election an amendment similar to the one now proposed was presented
to the pirtanL but owing: to an error In its dra?.t« It- was claimed that potplblr. quite a
rumber cf old claims, defeated In the courts, might be legalized The amendment was de-
ff-ated and the merchants then asked that a new amendment might be drawn— which could
in no i"Jlt.l« wiy .ffert any claims other than those recognised as Just, and an honorable
° W The'Tmendm-n't'now to b* voted upon was the result of careful study by the Mayor of
th^ city and his attorneys, lubroltted to and Indorsed by the Board^of Supervisors, care-
fully a'rutlnlsed and Indorsed by the Board of Trade Chamber of Co^mmerce and several
other organizations «nd submitted to tha last Legislature, where It was amended by «^'"P
tl.e Just Tlfclms of the school teachers and paesed In regular order. *nd now as passed
There are no other' claims du« by th* city and countF In the fiscal yeai* enumerated In
the amendment but thos* of the merchants and the «ehopl teachers, the validity and Justice
of which claims have never been questioned, and to question th* same even at this late date
would be a rank InJustW and serious reflection on the Integrity of the city government.
U T*« •m«5S?e£ 3 S£rtd£ thS the Board of Superv^or. MAT w these claims out of the
tfix levy of any fiscal year, which word "may" gives to the board the right to refuse pay-
ment of any claim not Justified. , .. . .... ¦ . * »
With th. utmost confidence that no harm ca nfollow the adoption of this amendment anil
feeim, on the oontrary that the eity government In the payment of these- Just claims will
!>• vsitly benefited br the re«toratlon of full confidence In Its pledged good faith, we, re-
spectfully urge tha voters of the ."tale to vote far th« adoption of amendment _T»o. is.
• FRANK P. LE COUNT, ;
JOSEPH MAONER.
Commltt«e Ari*>eUt*& Creditors. represenUn* over 100 Merchant* of th« Cltjr and County o*
San FTAndMo. . .
The Seventh Amendment on the Ticket to Be Voted Upon at The Coming
. ;; • ; . .. Election by the Eleotors of the State of California.
SENATE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT NO. 15.
*TiV_©LI*
. last time to-vight.
"AID A."
MATINEE TO-DAT AND SUN-DAT JTIOHT.
"CARMEN"
NEXT WEETt— 1TINAL PERFORMANCES Of
"OTHELLO,"
"TROVATORE,"
"CARMEN."
POPULAR PHICE3 .......2Sc and Ba
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT. Sunday Night and First t Nights
of Next Week.
PROFESSIONAL, MATINEE. '.
STUART ROBSON
And his excellent supporting cunnanr in Au-
gustus Thomas" Masterpler*.
OLIVER GOLDSMITH
Next Thursday and remainder of week,
"SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER."
fituart Robson as Tony Lumpkin.
TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT.
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES OF
•*f»OF« HER £»J\K.ti.'*
COMMENCING TO-MORROW AFTKRN'OON
MR. FITZGERALD MURPHY Presents
The Effervescent Ecstasy of Laughter.
"WHOSE BABY ARE YOU"
By Mark E. Swan. Author cf "Brown's tn
Town."
THE USUAL POPULAR PRICE3.
Next MONDAY AFTERNOON. Nov. 5th.
THIRD DAMROSCH RECITAL. :
"SIEGFRIED." -.:¦.¦
Wednesday Afternoon. Ntv. 7th .
"GOTTERDAUMERUXO"
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS. .
Gtlette's Greatest of AH American Plays. :
SECRET SERVICE
T. DANIEL FHAWLET as.U&WI3 DUMQST.
Monday— "A DIVORCE COLONY."
EVENING PRICES. 10c. 13c. 25e. 5O«
A Few Front Rows in Orchestra. 75c.
MATINEE PRICES IOc, 15c. 2Se, oOo
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
GRAND OPERA SEASON
MAt-'RICE ORAlT OPERA CO.
FroTO the Metropolitan Opera-house. New York.
THREE WEEK^-Commenclns; Nov. U.
AT MOROSCO*a GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Beginning With an Elaborate Production
of Gounod's •
"ROMEO ET JULIETTE."
To t>« fallowed the first week by "Tannhau-
•ir." "Aids," "Faust," "Lohengrin." "Lucia
dl Lammennoo?" and "The Flying Dutchman."
Later In the season "The Nlbelungen Ring-'" of
Wajrner will be «lren for the first time.
Sale of Subscription Seats closes to-day at S
o'clock at Sherman, Clay £ Co.'*.
Prices for. season of 20 performances. S3S to
$10<\ according to location. - Proscenium and
Balcony Boxes, IJCV) to $1000. Single NUht
Sale begins November T at Morocco's. OranJ
Opera-house. Prices J2 to $7.
Positively no seats reserved for Single Nights
until 8ubscrlDt!on Salt terminates. .
WEBER PIANOS U8ED. .
BASEBALL!
Oakland
Stockton
SATURDAY AT 3 F*. M.
SUN DA Y AT2:3O #•¦ M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison StrMta.
RACING ! RACING ! RACING !
1900— •WINTER jrEETINO— 19OT.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
NOV. ID TO NOV. 17TH. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Raein* Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or snlne.
Five or more races each day. . . . . -• • •
Races start at t:U p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
1J:S». 1. 1:3ft. J. *:*0 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at th* entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric ears at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Al&raeda, mola con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cara
CO direct to th» track In fifteen minutes.
lUtnrnlng— Trains lsave th« track at «:15 *nd
4:45 p- in. and Immediately softer tb« last rtce.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pre»:deou
R. B. MUiROT. 3«crturx*
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
When people began to change
from Lard and "Cooking" butter
for shortening and frying pur-
poses, to
COTTOLENE,
some of them had "misgivings." V
Natural enough.
Some complained that they
didn't know what was in it. They
know now it contains nothing
but pure vegetable oil and a little
beef suet.
The new
WHITE COTTOLENE
is odorless, flavorless, neutral.
S*~ ss=sr:;;^*' the N.K.Fafrbank Company,
Chicago— Sole Manufacturer*.
PCfrri Oar dainty booklet,
r KC*E* I .. A Vxlbn i secret. 5
mailed free to «ny address. For
one 2c stamp we will rend free our
123 page recipe book. "Home
Helps. lT edited by Mrs. Rorer.
DR. MEYERS 05^&
Specialists R
Disease and weak- \ XjmI
ness of men. Es- wy JrtSaiiL
tabllshed 1SS1. Con- Wflfc&mxmf
eultation free. rsSaSMefViiilB .
731 Market at. At^rWRttsSr
(elevator entranca), >ai \ fl^^SBg^.
Ban Francisco.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTOUATXVi::. tN
¦ tor and Kervlne.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for tha Sexual Organs for both aexei.
The Mexican remedy for Disease* of tha Kid-
neys and Bladder. Bells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUKE, Agents.
S21 Market et.. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
visit OR- JORDAN'S great i
MUSEUM OF AHATOMY?
Ok 1051 1USSXT ST. tat C-llTX S.P.CtL A
C The Ltr^est Anatomic*! Museum In the \
~J »p^ V/attd. V> e»kne'**» or inj contracted A
3^irW& dlsea<s »e»Hl»ely curadhy the oldest jf
fjSSJ bpeew:iitcn ttu. Cam Eit. j6 ya»*. 9
ti50£?l CB. J080AN-PR1VAT? DISEASES
f toiwultstion fre« md ttrtrtW priTitt \
I jS( fff Trtnment pfrsuniliy or by 1»t!er. AM
fl Or YlU /rw.riM (toaia r»ery caie Maaertakea. T
* I tl& Wrlefrr Book. PlILOSIirilttl a
» if It MtaauoE, mailed FRaa. jaF
A IL ' valuable book f»r mm/ \
DB. JOBDANAt'O., 10SI MarStet St.,8. P. 9
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD, 175 N, Spring at., Los Angeles, Ca:
We will pay $25 to any one with PILES who
cannot ba cured with ONE BOX of VERUS
PILE CURE. Prlc« J2.00.
Over 6000 cures. No claimant fnr reward.
"I am sure my case of Piles was as bad as
any ca?« could be. I had them fifteen years
and tried nil »»rts of remedies. I saw the
•Verut Pile Cure advertised, bought a box, with
1 Ilttt** hope of a cure. Imagine my •urprise
when five applications cured me. It Is tha best
in th« world.
"J. MORRISON.
"Salt Lake City. Utah."
VERUS PILE CURE CO., Rffl. 226, Wilson blQCfc
Or Ellington Drus Co., Agents, cor. 4th and
Spring sts.. Log Angelea, Cal.
$25 REWARD
Haie'a.
Hale's.
ADVERTISEMJiN l'S.
Hale's.
Saturday's surprising sales.
.... do yo'J; know these splendid features of this new store? a handsomely fitted ladies' parlor with toilet
roorns-^rnezzanine floor. " ;
':. a hairdressine and manicuring section— with the most expert and painstaking operators — mezzanina
: floor. ¦_¦¦''.. :'¦¦: ¦¦¦:'¦"
..: three larpc. elezant. smooth-running and perfectly safe passenger elevators in charee of men who arc
competent and polite. V
, . f>cr^ rcl ?'Kht— perfect ventilation — wide, roomy aisles — polite, quick service and prompt deliveries.
r M^ sale of hosiery by the dozen.
f!rst H on r-?otirth aisle.
a?"3* i\*) 1K W Increase of business In this new hosiery department has astonished even
BH— fS* •; \f- f^^^^y ourselves, it is frequently said that the styles and qualities we offer for the
fl ' '¦ j \»--i f/ <- '^N\. pr1c<?s we rame are peculiar to us. to-day we start a sale of tried cjia proved
¦ -;-;-' .¦;-¦ -ss*7^wSw 'vS^C"7- qualities at special prices by t,.e dozen, the question of cost has seldon borne so
a ¦ ; /TV^^SSt^llv ¦ l>srhtly on hosiery.
« ." \\/ ' :'^r£ \S \\i' 1W flozen ladles' fancy peamless cotton hose, with fast black boots and stain-
.Ty i VJ L-*^^ * / c'/V ' '" s P' n^- blue, red .ind lavender top?— full length and elastic— double heel? and
/ w%nl3H /*• c. « ¦/. Is^tf toes— S' : j to 10— per pair 14c. or per box containing one dozen pairs In assorted
Ci V^^M' *,j !t§fl colors 81.f».»
: /If// ¦ d^^^n ladles' fast black seamless maco cotton hose, soft and elastic, extra
'..:•: V/S/f heavy double heels, soles and toes; sizes SH to 10; three pairs for 50c, or one dozen
- .-. • " y7*wf4C6y '= pairs for S 5 1 .f>O
*¦ : ¦¦¦•• S*£/J,>£s' ¦¦¦' 3)0 dozen misses' ajid boys' extra hoa\-y fsuit black cotton hose, made of hard
: -s~^T I__ .^r"" ' — • ; twisted but elastic yarn— full seamless— double knees— made especiaMy for Hale s
; . .."•¦•¦- — " r ' ¦ ¦¦-••; California stores; Mzes 5^ to 9^4; per pair 12%c. or per box of one dozen pairs In
: ....•* . asponed sizes If desired, only 81. 3S
: : ; ; . shell hair ornaments.
••'.¦- ¦ ! . ' . first floor — second aisle.
/r^Sfc j^v^i. TV " pTl " n * w ' :r lr ' tf and continue the successful Pale. It's a f*^S^I^toTJ
r/V^^^te^^S^v . r t^ Ph^ll gold mounted ?id« combs— 3V4 Inches long— per pajr. YiS^^wS;
'// f (j£/%pSJ&ifif<i '' real' she'll" hair locks— the' popular 'crescent and "horseshoe shapes— HhfiJlfV \
%&&iM$ff!l r^'' Phell empire combs-h!(inly polished-both r'sln and fan"y i\\l! , //
¦¦¦\&% s -*Zf* 3 ~'fl* pattprns; $S%.r»O earh and Jonn to OS«* MiSS 1 1 1
.;'•' \St^ ':'.. ¦ : n»al Fhell Pide combs— 1^ to 4 Inches long— JB 1 iJ.OO a pair and IJIJjM III
"¦; -. •-•' _¦¦ :'•¦- • - down to .... - 4Sc
' ¦ . . • ., hair cla.spp— hnrse*hoe and crescent shapes— each, Sl.oO.
"¦: :^: t .- ; : 91.25. f)S«« and 7n<?
.. . hair orrament*. flit settings: hurspshoe and crep^ent shapes: each 50 and 2.1c
pornTvariour combs, set wiih brilliant rhincMones and white metal ornaments; each $2.50. J2.25. $2.<X), J1.T5,
Vl.M. % 1.25 and . ;, ......... ,..;... , 08c
-.¦"'. .Thlnestone pompadour combs pilt Fettings; each -75c and n(tv
empire comhs. set with flashing rhlne.«tones and trimmed with white metal ornaments; each $4.50, $3.30,
$2.60. J2. M, Jl W, $1.25 and......:..;.. ?>Sc«
rhtnestone side combs, with pretty white metal settings, per pair. $3.00, $2.75. $2.25. $2.00, $1.50. $1.25 and
.......>.....:.,.......:.;..„........;.;..,.;: ;. f>Se
. side combs, gilt settings; per pair ZOc. and * Uf»C
- Mirket Street, Near Sixth, Opposite Golden Gate Ave.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY,
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
. bearsipature of /&~*z^#
Tmry assail mm& as easy . -. ; " ¦ V * .'¦:..¦.
to take m ragax. . .•'..¦...¦.¦••'••'
epp \g% A D -rriVol F0R HEADACHt. SFF
* tfc CARTERS FOR DiniNESS. * tB
-f , tT¥ , lv _ 'llllTTLE F03 BIU0USHE8S. Vt^tttyW
GENUINE WiVFR for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WHAPPFR Ji_Ra for sallow swa. WRAPPEt
WKAlTtK iJjgBJl IrOBTHECOMPLEXlOg nKArr£a
-^ I OJUMUlMJi MuSTNnrcapwATUNC ' . . '
§jfi§£ffT^ SAME SHAPE"" -^SSsSh
KS3P§ji " \\F^ EaettSa
BgaEfj iVjT / pStsil
OONE PIIDCC
, bottle LUnhS
I McBURNEY'8
f Kiuney CU re
A thorough cure for
[~ pains in the back,
BRIGHTS DISEASE,
* female troubles, ineon-
brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting of children, gravel, gall stones,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
Thousands endorse it. Write for tosttoo-
nials. Price $1.H>. All Druggists.
W. F. McBurney. Sole Manufacturer,
418 South Spring St., Los Angeles, CaLThere was four or five degrees south of the
equator a group of Islands that Magellan bad
taken possession of in the name of Phillip of
Spain, over which Spain had governed; and
there was a fleet. No one knew Its strength
and no one Its capacity, but It was said to be
fully equal to our Asiatic squadron. The har
bor of Manila was said to be sown with tor
pedoes and the shores were lined with forts,
and the world looked on In amazement when
Dewey was told by the President of the United
States not to capture the Philippines, but to
find that fleet and put it under water, and ha
went, and Dewey's work was accomplished.
(Great cheering.) Is there any Democrat this
side of the bottomless pit who condemns him
for that? What was the result? What was
our situation before the civilized world? What
was the duty of this Government? We knew
then lens than we know to-day. What were
we to do with It? Nothing but what our Pres
ident has done. Nothing but what our Gov
ernment has decided and carried out. It was
at best a graceless task. It was one that we
might wish to have been spared, but when
the duty was made apparent the American na
tion was ready for It and It has been there
ever since and will stay there. (Great ap
plause.)
Dswey Obeyed Orders.
McKinley Was a Soldier.
But there was no other alternative. McKin
ley, who was a soldier by profession and not by
name (laughter and applause), although he
entered the army as a common soldier, with
his musket on his shoulder, had been raised to
a superior command, who knew what war
meant, who knew what war was. hesitated to
Involve the country Into a war In Us condition
of finances and dreaded the loss of life. He
went Into that war with a sterner sense of
duty than the President of the- United States.
He summoned h!s array as Lincoln summoned
his. He summoned It from the body of the
people. An«l our army went down to Cuba and
our battleships went around that Island seek
ing to discover Cervera while he was making
his second discovery of America. (Laughter.;
by the Snaplsh general, Weyler. aroused the
people of tins country to a pitch of enthusiasm
never before felt for sufferings other than their
own. But that act of madness, which In a
moment burst asunder the beautiful ship, that
white dove of peace that floated In those murky
waters, and sent 262 sailors and marines, safe
as they supposed they were under the protec
tion of the American, flag, to the better.- of the
bar; their souls to the bosom of God. Th»
people did net stop to consider whether It was
an act of Spain or the local government of
Cuba. I firmly believe as I do In your ex
istence here to-night that that act, that das
tardly and cowardly destruction of human
lives, was the work of the local Spanish Gov
ernment in the Island of Cuba (cheeTS). and
sooner or later the murder will out. Sooner or
later, when the rusty bones shall be lifted from
the waters, the story as to whether it was an
Internal or external violence will be settled for
ever.
It has been the practice of those who talk
cf Imperialism In this campaign to attempt to
W. A. Morris of Stanford spoke briefly
In favor of the Stanford University con
stitutional amendment, explaining its pur
poses and pleading Its necessity. Taking:
up the Issues of the campaign he said in
part:
Good Government for Filipinos.
What were we doing at the beginning of this
century? Engaging ourselves In a great strug
gle for liberty. What do we see In the middle
of the century? Another struggle for liberty.
And now at the close of this greatest of centu
rle* we stand extending the arm of liberty over
oppression as base as that which we ourselves
endured In the beginning. And the Republican
party stands now. as it always has stood, the
exponent of this liberty.
This campaign is not a thing of the hour,
but a struggle of four years' duration. On the
one hand we have had actions and not words;
on the other hand words and not action. On
the one hand we have seen our state affairs
administered in a manner that should call forth
a mighty shout of commendation from every
loyal American. On the other hand we have
Il6tt*n^<l for over four y&&.wi to cl voicfr from
the wilderness, from the mountain, even from
the rear end of the Ice wagon, prophesying
great evil If we do not Immediately or at some
time or other change our financial system, our
executive system, our administrative system.
Thin nation will not stand as the exponent of
conservatism. Its motto Is progress. Let us
build up our manufactories; let us extend our
commerce; let us Increase our products and our
manufactories until they not only satisfy every
demand at home but until they reach Into every
port In the world; let us extend our schools;
let us etart all of our mill wheels to turning
and keep that dinner pall full to overflowing:.
And finally, let us extend our territory and the
protection of our flag wherever the name of
liberty and humanity demand*.
E Myron Wolf, chairman of the e\-on
ing was late and John T. Nourse, presi
dent of the McKinley and Roosevelt Club
of Stanford University called the meeting
to order and Introduced the first speaker.
J S. Butler of the University of Califor
nia, who spoke in part as follows:
Actions Versus Words.
THE spirit of the Republican rally
at Metropolitan Temple last
night was at once earnest,
thoughtful and enthusiastic
Apathy, indecision, non-appreci
ation of the vital character of the ques
tions Involved had no place in tho minds
of the auditors, and yet there was little of
the blEre and cheap enthusiasm of the or
dinary political round-up.
Six college boys from the Republican
clubs of the University of California and
Stanford made speeches full of the meat
of argument. A quartet from Stanford
sang campaign songs to tuneful college
airs. University people were In evidence
throughout the gTeat audience, which
filled every nook of the temple. The rally
was the culmination of the Republican
campaign and the greatest demonstration
that San Francisco has had during this
contest of the parties.
General \V. H. L. Barnes made the prin
cipal address of the evening, speaking
after the young men had had their say.
For an hour the auditors sat entranced
by his eloquence, and there was not a soul
among them but was sorry when tho last
of the silvery words of the peroration had
been said.
And that's the true situation. Four years
ago the Democrats predicted disaster, destruc
tion, distress. After four years of McKinley
ism our manufactures are Increased, our com
merce improved, our standing among the na
tions of the earth second to none. Truly, things
don't happen to be "as they used to wui." And
the result? Well, "their head-wheels whirl
with a busy buzz." With that busy buzz that
has found Its expression In the Oemocratlo
platform; that busy buzz that sees nothing good
In all that has happened to enhance our pros
perity and Insure our future; that busy buzz
that would unseat the guardian of our honor —
William McKinley.
Record Sound on Trusts.
R. P. Cross of Stanford University was
introduced to speak on the trust ques
tion. He said in part:
The choice of President on November 6 will
be of vital Importance, not only to the coun
try at large, but to you Individually. Unwise
legislation In regard to large corporations may
result disastrously to Industry. Tariff legis
lation unfriendly to the American system may
bring untold misery. Unsound financial meas
ures may result In national discredit.
W. B. Greeley of the University of Call-
The Democrats expect us to make believe that
we do not see the real Issue of tho campaign.
But we do see It. we know that It Is not Impe
rialism. It's the monetary question, the ques
tion of free silver; it's the tariff question, the
question of free trade; It's tha personal ques
tion, the question of the roen. The Democratic
situation reminds of a little couplet I heard re
cently. It ran:
"My head wheels whirl with a busy buzz, •
'Cause things don't be aa they used to wui."
The American laborer by his prosperous con
dition Is a living refutation of the Democratlo
claim that mere combinations In themselves
are detrimental to his welfare. Kor during the
last four years he has witnessed no recurrence
of the horrible spectacles witnessed under the
Democratic administration. They have been
four years of prosperity, in which the poor
American laborer has had nothing to do but
work, nothing to eat but food and nothing to
Epend but money.
Jesse H. Stelnhart of tho University of
California spoke In part as follows:
Real Issues of Campaign.
The Stanford Republican quartet sanff
a campaign song and responded to an
enthusiastic encore.
E. Myron Wolf, having arrived, was
Introduced and spoke briefly, as follows:
The Republican college clubs have done their
work well. They were first organized by Gen
eral Cark!<on. who observed that college pro
fessors were enamored of free trade doctrine
and to give the colleges a view of the practical
side of the question he began the organization
of the college clubs.
The future of the country depends on the
young men and It Is well to teach them the
duty they owe to the community and to the
State. Next Tuesday you will see an almost
unanimous column of college students and col
lege professors marching with the great army
that shall decree that the policy of American
progress shall be upheld, that the American
flag shall not be hauled down.
College Men for McKinley.
convey the Impression that one party Is ar
rayed on the side of empire and the other try
ing to strike the shackles from an oppressed
p*-cple. Does this attempt square with the
facts? Mr. Bryan desires to establish a stable
government in the Philippines. That is exactly
what the administration is trying to do. striv
ing rnoet earnestly to do. Our commission
there, with a Berkeley professor on it, I am
proud to say. Is trying to give the Filipinos
the best government, most nearly self-govern
ment, that Is possible under the conditions.
Mr. McKinley came to power under most
adverse conditions. The state of the country
was one of great unrest: there was general
uneasiness among the laboring classes of the
country. Work was hard to find. Many men
had become poor who never knew the sign of
want before, and his mind was not upon con
quest or imperialism but upon the restoration
of the finances of the country — the lighting up
of the fires that had been put out — the fur
nishing to Intelligent labor the means and ca
pacity by which to live.
Tho sufferings Inflicted on the people of Cuba
What "Workingmen Wanted.
Follow It, follow thle great party, young
men. But see how It tools hold of the dis
ordered finances of a grreat people and out of
It wrought stable government, commercial
honor, credit abroad and fidelity to Its en
gagements at home. See how It made liberty a
household word all over the land: see how
each Presidential term, so long as Republicans
were at the helm, the nation grew and
strengthened; eee how when Mr. Cleveland
came into power the blight again came to it.
From dread and poverty and disaster, the
nation unable to collect enough revenue to pay,
and he went out of power, having borrowed
two hundred and sixty millions of dollars to
pay the everj'-day expenses of the country.
What has happened since? I ask myself this
aa a young student of history. (Laughter.)
What has occurred during the last four years T
This magnificent panorama, of which Ita cen
tral sun Is McKinley here to-night. Why fol
low In the lead of the Ton* of the revolution;
of the enemy of his country of 1S12; of the
man who regretted the acquisition of Louisi
ana, who opposed the annexing: of Florida and
of Alaska? There have been drags upon the
chariot wheels of our progress from the Tory
to Bryan. And they served their party In his
tory. They are not altogether without use
fulness. They have their purposes because they
make us stop and think. A campaign like that
through which the American people has passed
thle year has been productive of more solemn
thought than any since the campaign that
preceded the election of Abraham Lincoln as
President of the United States.
Advice to Young Men.
He came to his station at Washington through
a Democratic city by night, lest they might
tnke his life. He entered upon his duty with
the bulk of the Democratic party In favor of
disunion, and then began for the first time
what the Democrats objected to then and now
—government without the consent of the gov
erned. It cost *3. 000. 000. 000; it cost 1.000.000
lives, but at last the governed learned that the
best way to do was to consent to be governed.
Vet through all that trouble how did they talk
cf Abraham Lincoln? (Tremendous applause
and cheering.) He was a tyrant who was try-
Ing to Impose his power upon the people of the
Liilted States. Worse than that, they likened
him unto the animals of the dense forests of
Africa. He was a gorilla, an ape — a human
monster— and at last one of them murdered
him. And his sublime soul mounted to th«
presence of the God that created and loved
him, and he reposes there upon that infinite
breast. Immortal there as he is and ever shall
bo Immortally glorious In the hearts and lives
or the American people. (Applause.)
Lincoln Had Enemies.
blrth of the Republican party there would be
no doubt what I would do. The Republican
party came to life. It seemed. In a twinkling
of an eye. It was not so. It was not of sudden
birth it was years of response to the doml
rcting side of public life. When Mr. Buchanan
left office he left a shattered nation, a ruined
credit; he left a country shorn of everything:
at home and abroad, and out of the darkness
came a man whose sublime image will never
be forgotten: that man from Illinois, from
whom to-day these Democrats steal as they
would steal the livery of heaven to serve the
devil. (Applause.)
Dut now It seems to me as though there was
a great army of the young marching toward
the higher education. We did not eee In those
days — yes. we" did see the bonnets that came
on the green (laughter), but they had nothing
to do with our course of study as laid down in
the curriculum Maughter). but to-day the high
er education Is the privilege of men and
women alike (applause). I do not know — I
have never be£n able to understand why It
wan that the higher education has been so
many centurleR denied to woman. How one
here and there, from the midst of her sex
has projected more than the others; has wrlt-
Higher Education.
It was not so In my time as a college stu
dent. I do not remember tha event of tho re
versible cape. We had no capes at all to re
verse ; we had little or nothing to do with
practical politics or the matters that interested
the public on either side. We were bound down
to a curriculum of study that taught us some
thing of L>atln, Eorocthlng; of tha higher litera
ture, and when we got out of college we were
about as fit for the practical comforts of hu
man life as we were when we left our mother's
breasts. The higher education was so ht«h at
that time that It was reached by very few. A
college class even in the great universities of
Harvard and of Tale, which were then as they
are now the two great universities of the coun
try—they knew nothing: whatever of practical
politics, and It was a rare thing to see a fresh
man class that exceeded thirty or forty; ISO to
200 students was a large body of young men
and 200 or 400 would Include all those engaged
In the advanced studies of the law, theology
and medicine.
Friends and Fellow Citizens: I can not tell
you how much I have enjoyed this night. I
cams expecting: to be made happy by this pic
ture of young; patriotism. I anticipated gath
ering something of the enthusiasm that runs
through their veins, and feel that I had cheat
ed old age. (Laughter and applause.)
General W. H. L. Barnes was next In
troduced by Chairman Wolf and aa the
distinguished orator stepped forward he
was given an ovation. Twice he attempt
ed to begin hla addrces, but was com
pelled to wait until the cheering subsid
ed. The general wa3 In splendid voice
and his brilliant effort was greatly appre
ciated by his auditors. In part he said:
The Stanford quartet sang again, once
more winning high favor with the au
dience.
I fail to see why the Democratlo party ehould
attract to Its ranks any of the young men
of the country.
Its present is made up of financial and politi
cal heresies. Ita future is a void Into which
the eye cannot pierce.
The Democratic party for four years has been
trying to create an issue. They looked out to
the Orient and thought they saw a cloud gath
ering, but it proved to bo only the breaking
of a new dawn. So they have rather dropped
Imperialism of late and have turned their chief
attention to the monstrous trusts. Think of
that, the Democratic party posing as the enemy
of the trusts!
J. E. Springer of Stanford University
discussed the place of the college man
in politics. He said:
I>emocTacy's Future a Void.
based upon a recognition of native rights. He
has recently dispatched a corps of trained edu
cators to prepare and put Into operation a sys
tem of public schools. Thus is our President,
in tha stanch old-fashioned American spirit,
fulfilling the obligations imposed upon him by
the Spanish war. The wisdom of America Is
being applied to the problem of educating: tho
Filipino nation. The political sagacity and ex
perience of America are being applied to the
problem of devising a governmental system best
suited to their needs.
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinin* Tablets. •
The following statement Is self-explana
tory and helps to simplify the contest in
the Thirty-fourth District:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Oct. SU 1J00— To the
A otera of the Thirty-fourth Awembly District:
1 was surprised to iee my name on the sample
ballot e» a candidate for the Assembly. Thirty
fourth District. I never authorized it« use
S.m not a candidate. I »-as a delegate to
Dm Republican State Convention and I will
support anfl vote for Edward D. Knight for
Animblyman. I respectfully request that all
W friencs do the «ame. q
Levensaler Indorses Knight
YOUNTVILLE, Nov. 2.-The most en
thusiastic meeting of the campaign was
held here this evening. P. Bradley pre
sided. General E. S. Salomon was the
speaker of the evening. He delivered a
stirring speech. Cheers went up from the
old veterans, and as he. pictured their sol
dier life and showed them how and why
they ought to be with the Republican
party and for McKinley and Roosevelt,
his words were greeted with storms of
applause. He told the "Mexican war vet
erans, of which many are here, that ex
pansion was right; that they fought for
it and that their valor and heroism en
abled the United States to expand suffi
ciently to take in California.
Salomon Talks to Veterans.
A LARGE and enthusiastic
meeting of Democrats was
held last nJght In Odd Fel
lows' Hall. The remarks of
the various speakers were all
greeted with /hearty applause, and tho
audience yelled and stamped vociferously
at the mention of the names of the Dem
ocratic standard bearers.
The meeting was opened by Allison
Ware, who in a few well-chosen words
Introduced Charles Wesley Reed as chair
man of the evening.
Mr. Reed in his opening remarks ex
plained to the audience that although he
supported McKinley four years ago he
enrolled himself in this campaign as a
Democrat. He reviewed the events of
the etlrrinsr times of 1776. likening the
present condition of affairs to the state
of the American colonies at that time.
As chairman Mr. Reed then introduced
J. Nunan Phillips, the Los Angeles ora
tor and Silver Republican, who Bald In
part:
"I am thankful to be able to state from
t+iis platform to-night that I come from
the south with glad tidings for the
friends of Bryan and Stevenson. For
forty days and nights I have traveled
this State, and I see everywhere evidences
of the overwhelming strength of tho Dem
ocratic forces."
¦ Continuing, the speaker discussed the
recent decision of M. M. Estee in regard
to the Mongolians and Japfi In Hawaii,
which he stated "opened the doors of
this country to an undesirable element."
Mr. -Phillips also spoke of the Webster
Davis episode, decrying against the
charge of bribery made against "the
grand old man." who, in the opinion of
the orator, "was of too noble a make to
barter himself for gold." The balance
of his oration was mainly a repetition of
figures and statistics tending to prove the
falsity of the present. administration.
Following Mr. Phillips Miss Etta Welsh
was Introduced and amused the audience
by singing campaign songs. The young
lady was recalled time and again.
The appearance of Judge Lawlor upon
The meeting closed with an oration by
Joseph J. Dwyer. The speaker advocated
the policy of the Democratic party as ex
emplified by Bryan and decried the for
mation of an .unusual number of trusts
during the last administration His re
marks on the Philippine question were
strongly uttered and appealed greatly to
the audience, which received them with
cheers.
The meeting closed with the band play-
Ing "The Star-Spangled Banner" and the
audience giving three cheers for Bryan.
the stage was the signal for loud cheer-
Ing and vigorous handclapping. The Judge
did not speak, as It was not a local meet
ing.
L. L. Loofburrow of Stanford Univer
sity was next Introduced. He spoke of
the amendment which means bo much to
the Institution and made plain the mean
ing of the proposed amendment-. "Tho
primary object of tha amendment," said
Mr. Loofburrow. "is to place the institu
tion in a position to receive future endow
ments. There are at least two gentle
men who would will to the Stanford Uni
versity the major portion of their for
tunes if the State law would permit.
Many persons are of the opinion that the
removal of the taxes applies to^the en
tire. Stanford estate. In this they are
mistaken. The taxes we desire removed
are only those levied upon the buildings
of the university and the ground upon
which they stand."
Names o* the Democratic Leaders Ape
Cheered by a Large Audience.
DEMOCRATS HOLD RALLY
AT ODD FELLOWS' HALL
A big meeting was held at California
Hall, on Bush street, last evening to rat
ify the nomination of James D. Hart,
r.orninee of the Citizens'. Republican party
for the Assemoly in the Forty-third Dis
trict. The meeting was an anti-boss dem
onstration, aa Mr. Hart Is the anti-boss
candidate for the Legislature In the dis
trict. Dawson Mayer presided. Spirited
Fpeeches were delivered by W. S. Scott.
J. George Boyne. D. D. Shattuck. John A.
Raymond and Frank P. Shlveley. Round
ers engaged by. Kelly and Crlmmins
Fought to disturb the meeting of taxpay
ers and other good citizens^ but the
scheme of disturbance failed. Voters In
the Forty-third Assembly District should
bear In mind that Mr. Hart's name Is In
the fifth column of the official ballot. A
vote for him Is a vote to rebuke Kelly
and Crlmmins.
Democratic nominees for the Legislature
are greatly distressed by reason of a pro
vision In the San Jose State Democratic
platform pledsrlne them to vote for the
abolition of all State tolls, on the water
front. The revenues, chiefly derived from
foreign ships, average $50,000 a month. The
money is expended for the wages of work
lngmen and the building of wharves. If
the tolls are abolished the workers on the
water front will lose their places. Among
the Democratic candidates pledged to
abolish the revenue is Jack O'Conneii,
nominee for State Senator in the Twenty
fifth District. . :
In the Thirty-ninth district a splendid
campaign in behalf of Frank D. Macbeth.
Republican nominee for the Assembly, is
In progress. L.. H. Cosper. who withdrew
his petition for independent candidacy, la
earnestly supporting Mr. Macbeth.
The flpht for the Senatorship in the
Twenty-fifth Senatorial District (Forty
fourth and Forty-fifth Assembly Districts)
5s being conducted with unusual vigor.
Fpeakers appointed by the Repblican
Ftate Committee failed to show up night
before last at Franklin Hall, but L. A.
R*>a. the able editor of the North End Re
view, delivered a spirited address, which
aroused the enthusiasm of the audience.
There will be an open-air Republican
meeting at -the corner of Greenwich and.
Saneome streets next Monday evening.
Posters declaring that Charles M. Bel
phaw Is an enemy of labor are displayed
in. Contra Costa County. The accusation
Is she*>r nonsense, Th« Democratic noml
tk»*>. Mr. Wllkin-s. disclaims all responsi
bility for the appearance of the posters.
He does not sanction that sort of opposi
tion. .. . •
Warren B. English ie over In Contra
Co^ta County . spending money freelv to
promote the election of Junes II. Wilkins.
Democratic candidate for State Senator
in the Eleventh District. Mr. English
served in Congress as a Representative of
the Third Congressional District, but he
rould not have saved much money out of
his salary, as Washington ia an expensive
place to live In. He has not acquired a
fortune, since his return from the national
c.-ipital," hence- politicians are wondering
whr-re the money ponies from that he Is
so- freely spending In Mr. Wilkins" behalf.
tiovernor <Iage returned from Humbofdt
County yesterday and left the olty for
the 6outh on the "owl* last evening. He
received a great demonstration in Hum
bo!dt County, as he was the first Gov
ernor that ever visited the county during
his term In office. Before he sailed for
Eureka reports reached him that the
Warden of San Quentln prison was as-
Fisting James H. Wilkins. Democratic
nominee for State Senator In the Klev
enth District — Contra Costa and Marln
counties. The Governor made inquiry re
garding the rumor and wrote to Charles
M. Belshaw. the Republican candidate for
Senator, that the Warden was not med
dling- in the politics of the district. On
his return to San Francisco he was ap
prised of the fact that State employes on
the water front were making an ugly and
op«»n fight against J. H. Nelson, the Re
publican nominee for State Senator In the
Twenty-fifth District- He referred the
pubject. to the president of the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners.
It is quite well known that many
Democrats intend to vote for M. C. Sloes
end Frank H. Kerrigan, candidates for
Superior Judge en the Republican ticket.
It is likewise true that many Republicans
propose to vote for James V. Coffey Wil
liam R. DaJns-erlifld and William P. L,aw
]f>r. nominees for the Judiciary on the
Democratic ticket. Furthermore, many
citizens have decided to vote for Judge
P>ahrs. an independent candidate. It Is
obvious, therefore, that great care must
t>f observed In stamping the ballot. What
applies to the Superior Judge? in this re
pp^ct is also applicable to Justices of the
IVaee, as live Justices are to be chosen.
Herein Jjes the danger of confusion.
For example, each of the two leading po
litical parties has placed in nomination
five candidates for Superior Judges. The
Prohibitionists; have one nominee. There
is.one independent candidate— George H.
Bahrs— and the Social Democrats present
a complete ticket of five names. The
¦voter .In .selecting 'five -from the several
columns of party desigmation may stamp
a£a X to, the riphr of six names. There
would be but s=lff?ht. ganger of making a
mlstticft If the voter should blindly decide
to cast his ballot straight for all the
nom-inees on any on© of the political par
ties. • But as the majority of voters will
exercise their intelligence and honest
judgment as to the fitness of candidates
for Judicial positions selections will be
made from two or more than two col
umns of the official ballot. There is dan
ger that ' the X may be stamped to the
right of six. ir-stead of only five names.
In that case the ballot, so far as It related
to the Superior Judges, would be In-
Volld. It is an open question as to
whether election officers would not hold
the ballot invalid as to all candidates
thereon, in event of this error being com
mitted.
The ballots l<> be cast at ¦ the "election
next Tc*sday : "ilo not contain instruction
to the voter as to the number of candi
dates to be voted for; hence electors must
take especial care in stamping the ballot,
lest too many ' candidates be voted for.
Section 1127 of the Political Code, enacted
in' IS93. provided that directions to the
voters as to" the nurnber of candidates to
t>.e' voted for should be printed on each
l=ra.ilot. In JS93, when the law was amend
ed . to provide for party columns on the
ballot, the; provision concerning the num
ber .of nominees to be voted for was elim
inated.- • :. . • . ..
Governor Sears; of the
Fight on Belshaw
•¦".' and Kelson. . .
Directions as to Number
Not Printed on Official
v^r: Baiiot.
DANGER OF
VOTING FOR
SIX JUDGES
fornla was the next speaker. He said In
part:
The American people, are not wont to put
their hands to the plow and look back. When
once we undertake a thing:, we see it through.
When a righteous war has laid unexpected and
unsought responsibilities upon our shoulders, it
Ik not for us to shake them off in craven fear
and try to satisfy ourselves and the world
with some miserable, half-hearted makeshift.
What the Filipinos need at this critical time
is direction and guidance. They must be shown
how. This Imperative need President McKinley
and his able corps of co-workers are supplying
to-day. He has called to his aid the learned
educators, the trained jurists, the statesmen of
the country. He has sent over a Civil Com
mlEslon which Is developing and putting Into
operation a system of local self-government.
It is a splendid sign, fellow citizens, that
these young men are carefully considering
what shall be their political status. Certainly
nothing could be more Important than that a
young man In this, as In every relation of life,
shculd start right. I wish I were young again.
If I could only gret back to those glorious days
when life was like a pillow of fire, but now
its cloudy mantle covers me. I know what I
VGUld have done in respect to my political
duty. If I went back any further than tha
ten more stories and novels and has pierced
tha heavens with tho telescope of astronomy.
The higher education as vhown in that irrand
university at Palo Alto, to which that nobla
woman has given the affection and the Interest
in her life, and whom God deprived of her only
child that millions might call her mother.
(Loud applause.)
General Barnes Pays Eloquent Tribute to Republican Standard
Bearer— College Orators Plead Well the Cause of Progress.
GREAT RALLIES GIVE EVIDENCE OF STAUNCH
LOYALTY TO SOUND REPUBLICAN DOCTRINE
APPEAL TO
RELIGIOUS
PREJUDICE
Agents of Graves Garble a
Speech Made by
McLachlan. '-.-¦•¦
Misrepresent His Talk Con
cerning Indian Schools
Appropriations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Exact Speech.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 2.— Herewith la
given a literal translation of a document
printed In the Spanish language and cir
culated In the Sixth Congressional Dis
trict by the agent3 of \V. H. Graves, the
Democratic nominee for Congress in that
district. Following the translation is a
report of Representative iIcLachan'3
speech in Congress on the subject referred
to In the circular. The report of hi,*
speech, delivered on February :». 1SCS. is
taken from page 2334 Congressional Rec
ord, first session of the Fifty-fourth Cbn
gTess. This Is Graves' document:
Spanish-American voters, attention: All
faithful Spanish-Americans are requested to
take notice of the following when they coma
to vote for a member of Congress at th« elec
tion of the «th of November:
The Republican nominee, James McLachlan,
was in Congress before and in 1838. Uhile a
member thertof he was noted only for his op
position and hatred to anything that had even
a distant association* with the Catholic church.
He was. and is yet. a member of tha bated A.
P. A., and all Catholics ought to vote against
him and in favor of Hon. W. H. Graves, who
Is of our own race and blood and a faithful
son of the holy Catholic church.
Here is a copy of one ot the speeches ma'ln
by Mr. McLachlan while he was a member of
Congress, in which he showed a portion of th»
hatred which be feels for our people and
church. Read with attention:
"Mr. Llnton— I yield to tho gentleman from
California.
"Mr. McLachlan— Mr. President, when th*
appropriation bill was presented to Congress
for debate I was surprised to know that this
Government made so large appropriations to
the institutions managed by the Catholio
church. I voted to strike from the bill every
appropriation to an institution of this kind
whatsoever, believing: help of this kind odious
and hateful In principle.
"I have now the satisfaction of knowing that
I acted then not only according to my con
viction of right, but that I have, the approval
of my political associates In so doing. For
the same reason that I opposed that bill. I am
opposed to the provisions of this bill as re
ported by the committee on Indian Affairs, ap
propriating more than $210,000 to the Ir.d'.in
schools under the direction and government of
tha Catholic denomination, and am in favor of
the amendment ot the gentlemen frosi Mich
igan directing that this money should be spent
by the Government In its own schools for tha
education of these Indian children, and that
these children be taken from the care and bane
ful Influence of the Catholic church.
"To make the appropriation recommended by
the committee would, in my Judgment, be an
unwarranted disposition of the public funds.
a cross violation of the constitution and op
posed to the principles of our government. Th«
pages of history are blaclc with the results of
such legislation as this bill proposes and tha
same pages are full of warning to all nations
of the earth to avoid all legislation for th«
special benefit of the Catholic church.
'•My ancestors, centuries ago, gav» up their
lives among the hills of old Scotland, fight
ing against the Catholic church, and their
descendants have not ceased to this ho«r op
poslrg this organization. I. a descendant of
that race, with the- right of being heard In
this lawmaklng assembly of ths greatest Gov
ernment that man has conceived, cannot re
sist raising my voice in protest against the
un-American legislation proposed by this" bill
coming from the committee, and ask my fel
low citizens to support ths truly American
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Michigan."
• Thua it was that h» robbed th« schools, con
ducted and supported by the Catholic chureh.
out of th« money that they needed and had *
right to have for their advancement and tha
schools bad to cease, and thousands of poor
children had to go without an education, or
even food and clothing, because they had been
robbed by this man who now asks you to vota
for him again. Tou should com* to the polls
to vote, not for this man. but for your friend
and countryman, Mr. Graves.
The following- Is the exact speech de
livered by Mr. McLachlan In Congress on
the 24th day of February, 1S96, when the
Indian bill was under consideration In tho
House, as reported In the Congressional
Record of the first session of the Fifty
fourth Congress, on page 2334: . v :
Mr. Chairman: When the dlitrlct appro
priation bill was before the House the other day
for discussion I was surprised to learn that
this Government had been In the> habit of mak
ing- large appropriations to Institutions con
trolled by various sectarian denominations, I
voted then to strike from the bill every appro
priation to a sectarian Institution of any kind,
including one to a Protestant denomination of
which I have the honor of being a member.
I have the satisfaction of knowing now that
I acted then not only according to rriy own con
victions of right, but that I have the approval
of my constituents in so doing.
For the same reason that I opposed that' bill
I am opposed to the provisions of this bill as
reported by the Committee- on Indian Affairs.
appropriating more than a quarter of a million
dollars to the Indian schools under the special
management and control of a sectarian de
nomination, and am In favor of the amendment
of the gentleman from Michigan directing. this
money to be expended by the Government in Its
own schools for the education of these. Indiaa
children. • ¦ •¦•••¦
To make the appropriation . recommended by
the committee would, in my Judgment. b« aa
unwarranted disposition of public funds, a
gross violation of the constitution and dia
metrically opposed to the principles of our
government. . . ¦ ¦ . • . r. ¦ ¦' ¦ : : .-
Personally I make no wur upon the religion
ef any man. Oa the contrary. 1 Join with. all
good American citizens In strenuously contend
ing for the principle that accord* to every man.
woman and child the right to- worship God ac
cording to the dictates of his or her own con
science, but I contend no less earnestly for tn»
principle, that in this Government of ours tnerj
must erer be a complete separation of church
"That a this principle hits often been \ violated
In the past by appropriations similar to. tn*
one now sought to be : passed through ; this
Congress Is no argument why It •hould.be
again violated, though the custom has even
become venerable with age. . ¦•• ' . : ¦ . •-• ...
The pages of history are darkened by tha
records of the fatal results of" just tuch legrv
latlcn as that proposed by this bill, and the
same pages abound in .warning* to. air th»
nations of the earth . to sacredly ad void all
legislation for the special benefit of any sect
op denomination: . ¦ • •. ' ..•;
Even In these later (Jays the ominous warn
tnir comes from the netgb-borlne Dominion pt
Canada, now threatened with '.war and disrup
tion because of the formidable ' effort . of tlM
general government to compel the province of
Manitoba to let aside * portion oMhe puhJIc
' revenue for the benefit of sectarian schools.:
My ancestors, centuries ajro. gave up their
lives among the rugged • hills- of Bid- Scotland
fighting for civil and religious -.liberty.- and the.
absolute separation of church and state, and
their descendants have never wavered to.tni»
hour In their loyalty to the. principle' for -.which
As- a descendant- of that race. with.*. light
to be heard In this Legislature, of the greatest
Government ever framed, by man. .1 cartflot
refrain from raising my voice In protest Kjrainst
the un-American legislation proposed by th!»
bill, as It comes .from the comrrirttee.; arvJ
urs lng you. my countrymen, to support ths
thoroughly American amendment ftrOposeci. by '
the gentleman from Michigan. . ¦• . • ¦ . '. ;,'• j.
Supports Stanford Amendment
DIXON. Nov. 2.— The- Republicans of
Dlxon held the final rally of the xjarrfpalsn,
to-night. Attorney General Tirey U Ford
and A. J. Buckles. Superior Judge : of,
Solano County, were the sp^akers. Bon
fires and music by the- Dlxon. bami ad>i«?«
to the enthusiasm. A. WcKJnTejr •»?«
Roosevelt , Glee Chib.sans a number. «
campaign songs. The .opera-house w<v»
crowded to the doors, many Pemiierars
being: present, some of' whom have. «W£-:
clared themselves for McKlnley. £222
Buckles devoted a portion of hi* address
to an appeal for the support of the ffrn^no
roent commonly known as the Stanford
exemption, measure. .. ; .". ...
wmmm.
Thirty-First District.
Scottish Hall. Larkln street, near Grove—
Under the auspices of the United League of
Labor Clubs. Speakers: George A. Knight.
William R. Davis. Julius Kahn. Prank* p!
Kelly. Joseph Eagea and others. The Rough ,
A number of Republican rallies will be
held In San Francisco to-night. Samuel
M. Shortrldge will not be able to speak
at those for which he was scheduled, on
account of a serious affection of his
throat. Following are to-nlghfs meet
lugs:
Districts of the City To-Night.
Mass Meetings to Be Held in Various
REPUBLICAN RALLIES.
Frank C. McConnell, president of the
Shipwrights' Union, presided. Julius
Kahn was the first speaker. He took up
the Question of Chinese labor on board
the Government transports and said that
when the Firemen's Union entered a pro
teat he appeared before the Secretary of
State at Washington, who assured him
that steps would be immediately taken
toward dispensing with Chinese labor.
The Government nas since been dropping
the Celestials from active duty whenever
an opportunity presented Itself.-
Mr. McConnell spoke upon the. good
work that Mr. Kahn- had accomplished In
"Washington relative to a more satisfac
tory working schedule for the navy yard
employes.
Harry Melvln,. an attache of the Dis
trict Attorney's office in Oakland, spoke
briefly upon the vital issues of the cam
paign and the closing speeches were made
by Messrs. Murphy and Dunn. Music
was rendered by the band and refresh
ments * were served to the assembled
voters. :-^ : , :;..;-¦
The Harbor Republican Club closed its
campaign last evening with a rousing
tent. rally at the, corner of Folsom and
Stuart streets. Few local campaign clubs
have been more aggressive this fall than
the Harbor Club and Id3t evening's affair
was Its fifth big meeting. More than JSOO
has been spent and an exceptionally
strong fight has been waged.
Meetings will be held In the Interior as fol
lows: Qeorco C. Perkins. Salinas- F I
Ooornbs.^ Sonoma: S. D. Woods. Grass Valley-
V. H. Metcalf. Alvarado; B. F. Loud Re.5
wood City; J. C. Needham. Fresno- j Re £"
Barham. Fresno; II. O. Platt. Redding. rV
E. McKlnlay. San Diego IrVinJ' M ScotlsJ?:
ter Creek: Joseph C. Campbell. Chico- >rank
McOowan Gllroy; L. V. Hitchcock Tfrliiows-
Ttrey I* Ford. Redwood City- C. W xJi«*
Tlpton; John L. McNab. Duncin Mills'- T »
Hutchlnson, Colusa; T. B Dozler Pnmi.
John H. Roberts CoultervlUe; J. M Olftir*
Tu^are : A " ""^ 5nellln S: H. S. Foote!
Pioneer Hall. Fourth »treet. near Market—
Twenty-ninth Assembly district. Speakers:
William R. Davis. Julius Kahn. Maxwell Mo-
Nutt. J. E. Flynn (nomine* for Stato Senator)
J. F. Collins (nominee for Assemblyman) and
others. Knickerbocker Quartet. ¦"""'• * na
Hartford Hall. Hartford and Eighteenth
streets-Speakers: Captain Harry iJwSliaE
Myron Wolf, D. Louderback. William J. OuU
foyle and others. Eureka Quartet.
Mangels Hall, Twenty-fourth and Folsom
streets-Speakers: E. Myron Wolf. CaptatS
wTE h e11 * J^" u ,? Kann - Richard J
Welch. K. F. Treadwell. t>. j. Murphy and
others. Eureka Quartet T * na
Apollo Hall Paclflo street between Stockton
and Howe l-Speakers: A. J. Dannenbanm* B
L. McKlnlay Julius Kahn. Martin W .Brady
Thorns F. Graham and others. Columbia
I V < i!. rB 'o QT2ai £! t J rl M,f In|r - Th * uniformed corpt
of the Bear Club will escort the United League
A JOINT rally of th« Iroquols
Club and of th© Thirty-ninth
District Bryan and Stevenson
Club was held In Saratoga
Hall last nlsht. There was a
fair audience present and th© various
speakers were listened to attentively. The
chief candidate to address the audience
•was Porter Ashe, who told of what he
¦would accomplish If elected to Congreas
and of the work he was accomplishing
In his canvass of the city.
"So far as I am able to 'udgre," he
said, "the sentiment of the city seems to
be on my Bide. I have bee., working
very hard during this campaign and feel
that I deserve the office for which I axn
a candidate. It will be unnecessary for
me to enlarge on the national Issues.
Suffice It to say that so far as San Frau
clsco Is concerned It will be my honor
and pleasure If elected to spare no effort
In my duties for the benefit ot my con
stituents."
Mr. Ashe's greatest hit was scored
when, pointing to the red tie he wore, he
tbld his audience that they could see by
that that he was to address an audience
of Italian voters.
After the conclusion of Ashe's speech
the audience rose to go almost en masse
and for a few moments It looked as If
empty benches might drink lu the ora
tory of the other candidates who were
announced to speak. Chairman McMann,
however, wielded his gavel vigorously
and managed to stay and hold a portion
of the exodus.
Louis H. Ward then addressed the audi
ence on the Importance of sending a
young man to the Assembly. J. J. Dyer,
S. V.-Costello, W. P. Lawlor. J. T. O'Con
nor and other candidates also spoke.
Rather Frostbitten Democratic
Rally Takes Place in
Saratoga Hall.
PORTER ASHE IS
HEARD BY MEMBERS
OF IROQUOIS CLUB
JULIUS KAHN ADDRESSES
WATER FRONT EMPLOYES
Tells Them How He Worked Fop Abolish
ment of Transport Chinese Labor.
liiE SAIN *'KA1>C1SCU CALL, SATURDAY, a, ltfOO.
8
Bee that you vote for Judge "William P.
Lawlor, who has proved himself worthy
of the support of all citizens. Irrespective
of party. •
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 2.— John McNewer r em-
ployed on the ranch ot F. McGregor on the
Yolo ildo of the liver, was killed to-day by a
dirt wagon overturning and falling' upon him.NOTE — The hi«h and low waters occur at the.
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height cf tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Mcon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Dublin Pete's Funeral.
J5. : Coi:;:i«. a hat dealer cf this city, au
:thoriz.ed City Undertaker Hsear. ye5t*r-
CtY-tn-tmrr the body- of the dead pugilis;.
fcxet ka.w!cr, in a select {rrave. Mr. Col
lir.s <ifs'.r«?d to savo the memory of "Dub
lia Pete" from thp obloquy of interment
l5 Uje. Potter's field. The burial will take
j"''.a.'"e this mornir.g.
Christenson ? s Body Found.
: Th*> body -of Jchrt Chr'.stenson Jr., mate
rl • .tr.e .schooner Eliza Miller, who wa*
frowned in Hum bold t Bay. was recovered
Tfemwdajr near the scene of the accident.
The; r*rr.fi!r.s w«re forwarded to this citv
Tn» .funeral of. the <>rf-ased will take
racfe from the home of his parent? UOS
I>c;<>res street, oil Sunday at 2 o'clock.
TO SAIL,
Justice Field's Portrait
An oil portrait of the late Supreme Jus
tice Field v.-i!l be presented to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals at 11
o'clock next Monday morning. The pre
sentation will tafce plac9 In the court
room in the Appraiser's building and the
presentation speech will be made by E. S.
Pillsbury. The portrait Is the gift of
Mrs. Field. Justice Field presided over
the Ninth Circuit for more than thirty
five years.
Judges Sit in Bank.
Judges Cook and Dunne and Judge Bur
nett of Sonoma County sat In bank ln
Judge- Lawlor's courtroom yesterday to
hear appeal cases. They heard the argn
ments of Attorneys Coffey and Collins on
the appeal of Harry Corbett ln the com
mission poolselllifg case, and reserved
their decision. The judgment of Judge
Cabaniss in sentencing Conductor K. J.
Ramsay of the Mission line to pay a fine
of $50 for battery upon a boy was af
firmed.
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets
To Abolish Popular Excursions.
Local railroad men are much Interested
in the movement now under way by the
passenger managers of several Western
railroads to have popular excursion rates
abolished. It is thought that early next
spring the passenger official? will recom
mend that these reduced tariffs be perma
nently withdrawn. Within the last twelve
months more of the- so-called excursions
have been run than in any previous year
in the history of railroad operations In the
West. While the excursions, generally
speaking, have resulted in material addi
tions to the companies' revenue, the pass
enger men are of the opinion that the"y
have more or less effect upon the regular
winter traffic.
WILL COMPLY WITH
THIATEE OBDINAJfCZ
Boards cf Fire Wardsns and Public
"Works Will Order the Nects
„ sary Alterations.
The Supervisors* Judiciary Committee
±*4 err rj- theatrical mJUUger in town be
fore.lt; yesterdiy to . pive information as
to -what repair*: they had made fn thpir
lSiW»t«ni !n acrordar.ee with the ordinance
j rej axed by the Board of Public Work«
Alter * long iiFcussion on the subject it
Cereloprt that the Board of Works had
.SieClected to r->r.!*r with the Board of JT're
"Wardens in ord«>rlnp terrain alterations in
tb«-.playboUBes, though th* ordinance ;ne
ctfically directed euch action.
- : Att^rr^y Ackerman requested that the
9F3r« Wardens and Board of Public Work*
rr.eet in. a joint conference with the the
i.-.-it managers, who will wlllirjjrly tio what
ij ;uf: to make t^eir houses safe But
Jlhey insist that whatever changes are re
¦<i'jiT+& be of a permar.er.t character.
''fmrr.iFfioner Manson ariznlzt»d that a
J'»int ir.^etrrjr of the Board of F"ire \v g r.
<fr« and th*> Board cf Public Works h?d
r.^vrr b^?n h^ld. bat the-battalloa ohiffs
!¦:¦ , cireti v^lyable 5up?e5ticr.s a« to the
• r»-3airem«>r:ts- for safety Jn the theaters
A' ltrrnan then called attention to the
f^ctioa . of th**- ordinance recuiriir thp
goajrfi of Fire Wardens and* Kblic
A^Hi? UOstir to- determine the necc«..itv
rt tho repairs fn existing theaters, which
.lie p;t!<j, had a»v*r t-een complied with It
*" «»«» decided to call a me^tinp of the
"*¦ ¦ •.-:«. -ar,d the rwolt of their inves
ttWR&r will be rer>ortt«j to the Super
-, = ,rs />n NV.vrraber It
• ¦ r*-.-^!'_'M->.n srantir.sr permission to
.-.r- f r.rtral Park Amuspmfnt Companv to
•.:¦;•-••'¦• a -temporary building o* iron
," e i%^S' ri fr2ra< *. ln Centra! Park was
r**cfnd*d tv the ccremitfo. The work is
tot .h^njr <i an<; to the satisfaction of the
Kr.gir.eer of the Fire Department
:%h* Presidio *nd Frrries Railway Ccm-
I-n : ; u&r rpquirtd to eive a bond In the
f -:ri of SlO.Wt. which it wllj forfeit In event
*• . iails- to r#or>n«ruet its csble system
•.-ifhan.ljTe y^rc sr.d restore the sidewalk
<-n ir.ioh street, between Hyde ar.d Lar-
Kin.t'j Us original condition.
THE whaling fleet has begun to
arrive in a bunch. The Karluk.
Jearnette and Gayhead all made
port last evening- and all of them
have done well. In a few days
more a dozen more of the f.eet will have
shown up and it will then be known
whether the vessels have dona well or
not.
Judgin? from th© catch of the Karluk
and Jear.nette the fleet has done well.
The former Eucceeded In taiir.ff eight
whales, which netted 15.099 pounds of
bone, while the Jeannette secured seven
whales, which netted 15,oro pounds of.
bone.
Captain McGreg-or of the Karluk had
his wife along: with him, while Captain
Newth of tbt Jeannette was alone. The
latter made the best run of the season to
Cape N>me and landed Al Blum unon;
th* first on the beach at Anvil City,
stce then Xewth has not lost any tima
ar.d his catch will compare favorably
with anything- that comes out of the Arc
tic this year. His catch will easily &g
grc-gate J1O9.0M ar.d NAwth's share will
keep him in clover for a few months to
come.
Soon after the Karluk left San Francis- j
co one of tha men, named XnaxHe," i
wtr.t craxy ar.d jumped overboard. Later
H. Herman, the cook. ran. amuck and
one of the men knocked i-im overboard in
self-defense. Jim Wiley, a San Krancis
co boy. was discovered as a stowaway
a few days out from port and he was put
to work. Wiley was misrhty rlad to get
back home ag^in yesterday.
The whaling bark Gayhead did fairly
w<?il ar.d will go north again next sea
son. Captain Foley is satiFfled with the
ytnture and will xnaJce another cruise
next season.
RISDON REACHING OUT.
The Company Is Acquiring Capable
Men From All Points.
The Risdon Iron Works is losing no op
porturJty to secure the very best men
on the coast for its new ship building:
yard. In a short time the rolling mills
will be at and the dockyard will
be an afcomrlished fact a few months
later.
Commencing yesterday W". G. Stevens
became superintendent of construction of
the Risdon Iron Works. He was formerly
master fitter at the Mare Island navy
yard and supervised the building of the
battleship Oregon and cruiser Olympia-
A Ship'srrecked Crew.
The ehlp Santa Clara of the Alaska
Packers' Association fleet arrived from
Karluk yesterday. Among her crew were
the captain and nine sailors of tho
wrecked bark Merom.
The Merom was at anchor In Karluk
Bay with lSO/ZK) cases, of salmon aboard
when a storm came up and she was
driven ashore. The bark became a total
loss, but the crew was faved. The full
story of the disaster came down by
steamer from Karluk to Seattle and was
telegraphed to The Call exclusively from
Seattle.
The Sa-nta Clara had a clcse call off
the coaFt. She was in shore
during the tog. when the steamer fiainier
happened along and gave a friendly
warninK. The Santa Clara at once pur.
about and the captain, knowing- his po
sition, made port during the afternoon.
Water Front Notes.
The steamer Acapulca arrived from Pan
ama and way ports with tho following
cabin passengers yesterday:
Alice Ulgtrm, Helen Higson. Claire Gatts
chinr. Guieeppe Lupone. Antonio WlatraJt.
Kate Green. Ernest Green. William E. Hart.
Frederick R. French. Isaac H. Robinson. Chai
Puy, Lrq Lai Chy, Enrique Shumbain.
The Zealar.dia will sail for Honolulu on
Saturday, the 10th inst., thus taking- up
the Australia's run. \
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The A. M. Campbell leads lumber at New
Whatecm for Pisco and Callao, 6is; the British
Isles, wheat at Seattle fcr Europe. iCa 3d, prior
to arriva!; the Fcrtevlot. wheat at Tacoma for
Europe. Sis (id less direct), prior to arrival; the
Olympic merchandise for Honolulu.
Lumber for Australia.
Th* Arr.erleaa ship Spartaja' cleared jesterday
f«*r Keibcurne with the following cargo, ralued
at V3.n/>:
8S0.E3 feet lumber, 32PS bdls pine door stock,
fc>2 fcd!s redwood pickets. - .
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer Walla Walla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with & general cargo, valued at $!3,
467. manifested as follows: For Victoria. SIS.
502: Sydney. Australia. $3005; Eastern States.
JCK3. Tfa« feilawlna; were the principai ship
menw:
For Victoria— 6 cs arms and ammunition, 602
lbfl bread. 1555 !b» bakir.gr powder, 30.100 lb*
codifieh. 6 cs clocks, W7« fb« cof»e«, S cs canned
roods. 792 lbs choeolat*. U cs Chinese provi
sions. 8 cs drygoods. 8 cs drugs. 1S,111 lbs 64
nkr* dried fruii. tS" bxs frutt, 22 cs groceries
and provisions. 12S cs hardware. 43 c* lemons.
S rolls leather. 4 kers black lead. O pkes mi
cair.er>', 5i73 lbs malt. 16*0 lba millstutTs. S cs
nails 1037 lbs 10 rks nuts. 105 cs oil. 41 e»
paste. 141 e« 17 pk«s raisins. S c« eweet pota
tcea. 2220 lb« ehet. 2WS lbs faltpeter. J2 bdls
steel, 7S cs toothpicks, 1U3 Ita tob&cco, 3 bbls
vinegar, 9 crs vegetables, 251 gals wir.9.
In transit— 31.CS3 lbs currants. Value, K059.
For Sydney — 15,500 lbs hops, 1 cs canned sal
mon. Value. J3C-03.
For Bostun — 500 cs salmon. Value, $2300.
For Providence, R. I.— 369 cs Balmon. Value.
Wheat Sliipment.
The British ship Acamas cleared yesterday
fcr Qaeenstown for orders with fT,7S3 ctls
wheat, valued at t71.500,ar.d 15.000 feet lumber
dunnage, valued at J223. Total value, $71,725.
An Additional
An additional manifest has been reported at
the Custom hous« for the steamer Australia,
which called Thursday for Tahiti, ralued at
leATS. lncJ-rlJnjr the folio-wing:
3 ca ammunition, 2 cs blcycl* sundries. 2^4
lbs brad, 33 ctls barley, 2274 lbs beans, 7 cs
boots and chocs, 7 bales bag's. «3 cs canned
g7X>ds. 4S bdls cordage. 2i cs coal oil. 35 cs dry
goods, 9 cs drags. 6 bis fruit. 3S pkjjs furniture,
il txs fish, 207 bbls flour, 3 crs garlic, S cs
glassware, 27 pkgs groceries and provisions, 75
cs hardware, 3 cs photo goods. 8 bdls paper. *
cs paint, 17 crs potatoes, 14 cs lamp goods, 2S,-
V* feet lumber. 2171 lba 2 cs lard. ?* picas miU
work, 2 )i«K6 nails, T crs onlona. S bdls oars,
6477 lba rice, 7 cs stationery, 4 cs ship chard-
I»rr. ?•>) lbs salt, 70.OX) shingles. 40 c« soap. 70
cs 6 bbis ! hali-bbls salmon. 2 coils wire rope,
11 ctls wheat.
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, Norember J.
Stmr Cres-ent City, EtockCeth. 36 hoars from
Crescent City.
Stmr Brunswick. Andreeen. U hours from
San Pedro.
Ptir.r Fultoit Duggaa. £5 hours from Astoria.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. IS hours from Eureka.
Stmr Acapulco. Russell. 22 days lS^fc hours
from Panama and way ports.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 37 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkel. 18 hour* from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Zealandia. Dotrdell, "H days from Hono
lulu.
Stmr Ohio, Borps. CS hour* from Seattle.
Stmr Nav&rro, Jensen, 11 hours from Bowena
Lending.
Ftmr HumboMt. Bonifleld. 9S hours from Se
attle.
U S stmr Lawtcra, Macune, 79 hours from
Seattle.
Whaling etmr Jeaanette, Glfford, IS dan from
Fox Island.
Wkaiint itmr Karluk. McGreeor. 12 days
from Fox Island.
Ncr ttmr Bergenhus. Svendsen, 44 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 2S days, via Hono
lulu.
i Ship Santa. Clara. LJndberz. 16 days from
Karluk.
Whaling bark Gayhead, Foley, 12 days from
Bering Sea.
Schr J Epplnper, Skipper, 9 days from Stew
: arts Point.
i Schr Glen, 7 days from Byxbee» Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday, November I.
| Etmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria, etc; Good
! all. Perkins & Co.
! Stmr Coos Bay. Nopander, San Pedro: Good
f all. Perkins & Co.
?tmr North Fork. McLellan, Eureka; Chas
i Nelson. f
Br ship Acajnaa, Nelson, Queenstowa; Ginin
& Ej-re.
Ship Spartan. Polite, Melbourne; Dempster A
Son.
j Schr Czarina, Wallstedt. fnra; McCollam
I Flshins & Trading Co.
SAILED.
I Friday, Norember 2.
Stmr TValla Walla. Hall. Victoria, etc.
I Stmr Eureka, Jensen. Eureka.
| Stmr Empire, Maegenn. Cocs Bay.
i f tmr Geo Loon-.is. Bridgett. Ventura.
I Stmr Progreso. Zollln?. Tacoma.
Kimr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka.
I Stmr Gipsy. Leiand. Panta Crut.
; Stmr Westrort, Ericsson, .
i U S stmr Solace. Wloslow, Manlla.
| Bchr Ocean Spray, Olsen. Iversens Landing.
! Schr R "W Bartlett. Nielsen. New Whatcom.
; Schr Gotama. S*msen. Coos Bay.
I Eehr Newark. B«ck, Bowens Landing:.
Schr Henry Wilson. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
MEMORANDUM.
Per whaling: stmr Karluk— Spoke whaling:
stmr Alexander Oct 20 at Unalaska. with 9
whales. Oct 12 at Indian Point (Siberia), stmr
Jeanr.ette, with 7 bewheads. Sept 2S, Arctic
Ocean. Wm Bay Vs. with 7 bowheads. Oct 20,
I Analga Pa#«, »aw ship Charmer, from Unal
aska. for Tacoma. Oct 12, Indian Point, stmr
I Aloha, from Nome, for Puget Sound. Sept 22.
j wr^ling; stmr Belevede in Arctic; no report of
i catch.
Per ship Santa Clara— Have on board Captain
I Peterson and nine of crew of wrecked bark
I Meroin.
SPOKEN.
Per U S stmr Lawton— Lat 45 £8 N, Ion 12J a
W, ship Jabez Howes, from Tacoma, for Hono
lulu.
; TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nor 2, 10 p m— "Weather
foggy; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
I PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov 2— Schr Queen.
! for Lahaina. .
i EUREKA— Arrived Nor 2 — Stmr Santa Bar
< bara. hence Oct SO; echr J B Leeds,, hence Oc
tober 27.
galled Nor 2— Stmrs South Coast and Pomona,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 2— Schr Ida SfcKay, hence Oc
tober 13. I
j bailed Nov 2— Stmrs Iaqua and Homer, for
; San Francisco; stmr Pasadena, fc* 6an Pedro.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Nor 2— Stmr Noyo,
i with schr Halcyon in tow, her.ee Oct 3L
Sailed Nor 2— Brigr Pitcalrn, for Mazatlan.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Nov 2— Schr
Carrier Dove, from Honolulu.
Balled Nor 2 — Schr Ethel Zane, , for San
FAN DIEGO— Sailed Nor 1— Stmr Lakme, for
ASTORIA— Arrived Not J— Nor stmr Skarps
no. from Hongkong-.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nor 1— Br stmr Mosul.
from China.
Sailed Nor 1— Stmr City of Topeka, for Skag
nay.
Arrived Nor I— Ptmr Et Paul, from Nome,
i PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Oct 41— Bktn John
Palmer, for Sydney.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in. Nor 2— Ptmr
Et Paul, from Nome, for Seattle.
Passed up Nov 2— Schr Carrier Dore. from
Arrived Nov S— Br stmr Queen Adelaide, from
Yokohama: Br ship British Isles and schr Ida
Fcbr.au«v hence Oct 21.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oet IS— Br stmr Gaelic,
from China: ship Chas E Moody, from Tacoma.
Oct 20— Ship Helen Brewer. ¦ from New York.
Oct 21— £tmr Zealandia, hence Oct 14, via Hllo;
stmr Leelar.aw, her.es Oct 10: bark Edivard
May, hence Oct 7. Oct Vt— Schr Helene, hence
Oct 5; bark Mohican, hence Oct 6: echr H D
Bendixe-n. from Port Blakeley. Oct 23 — Br stmr
Wyefield, her.ee Oct 13; ship Emily F "Whlt- S
ney, hence Oct 3: Br etmr Aoran&i, from Syd
ney. Oct 24— U S etmr Grant, hence Oct 16;
Jap stmr America Maru. hence Oct 17: stmr
Queen, hence Oct 17: bktn Kllki-.at. from Port
Gamble.
Sailed Oct 20— Ship Fort Georte. for Port
Angeies. Oct 21— Br stmr Aoransi. for Van
couver. Oct 24— Jap etmr America. Maru, for
Yokohama.
HILO— Arrived Oct 17 — Bark Santiago, henca
Sept 27: bark Martha. Davis, hence Oct 23.
Sailed Oct IS— Bark Roderick Dnu, for San
Francisco.
KAHl'LUI-Arrived Sept »-Bark Callolton.
from Tacorna- Oct 2$— Schr Dora Bluhm, hnc
Sert M.
Sii!ed Oct 13 — Echr H C Wrtsfct. fcr Jlaaa.
Oct 20— Schr Rcbert R Hind, for San Fran
cisco.
To sail Oct S4 — Bark C&rrolltoa, for Depart
ure Bay.
KAA.VAPALI- Arrived Oct 1»— Ship Euterpe,
from Newcastle. Aus.
galle-i prior to Oct 5— Echr Jennie Wand, fcr
San Francisco: baric Highland Light, for San
Francisco.
HAXA— Arrived Oct J»— Schr H C Wright,
from Kabulul. i
SAN PEORO- Arrived N(Jv 2, at 10 a m— Etmr
Grace Dollar, from Grays Harbor.
FOREIGN* PORTS.
QrEEXSTOWN— Sailed Nor 1— Br »hlp El
tln?hire. for Barrow.
EHIMONCSEKI-!-aiIfd Sot 1 — Br etmr Car
marthenshire, for San Francisco.
DUNGEXESS-Passed Nov 1-Oer ship Pera.
from Port Blakeley. for Hamburg-.
HULL— Arrived Nor 1— Br ship Blerr* Ped
rcsa. hence Juc» 1; Br ship Oranasia, hence
Sailed Nov 1— Br «hip Clan Gal
braith, for Santa Rosalia.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Oct SI— Stmr City of
Para, for Panama: stmr Newr>ort, for San
Francisco. Nov 1 — Stinr Costa. Rica, for Pa
nama.
Arrived Nov l— Stmr City of Panama, from
Panama.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BOSTON — Arrived Nov 1 — Stmr New Er.srland,
from Liverpool.
NEW YORK — Sailed Xot 3 — Stmr Philadel
phia, fcr Liverpool: stenr Weimar, for Bremen.
GLASGOW— Sailed Xov 2— Stmr State of Ne
braska, for New York.
QUKENSTOWN— Sailed Nor 2— Stmr Com
monwealth, from LJverpool. for Boston.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nor 2— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from Hamburg, Southampton anl
Cherbourg.
ST MJCHAEI/— Passed Nor X— Stmr Km*. Jm
Genoa and Naples, via Gibraltar, fo* New
HAMBURG — Arrived Nor 2— Stmr Kal6er
Fri?derich, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg. _ ,
Sailed Nor 2— Stmr Be!ETm.via. for Boulogne
ard New York.
POETS OF HUMOR AND
SOCIETY HIS SUBJECT
Professor Charles Mills Grayley Lec
tures to Channing- Auxiliary on
Minor Versifiers.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley delivered
the fourth of his series of lectures on
"Debatable Questions In Poetry" before
the Channing Auxiliary in the parlors of
the First Unitarian Church yesterday aft
ernoon.
The subject was "Some Poets of Humor
and Society," illustrated with selections
from each. Among those whom Professor
Gayley selected as the best examples of
his topic were Praed. Edward FitzGerald.
Andrew Lang, Lockyer, Lawson and Aus
tin Dobson, the latter being titled the
laureate of society verse writers.
Of poets purely humorous the lecturer
cited Horace and James Smith. Canning,
the editor of the early century " i AntI-
Jacobin." and Charles Stuart Calverly,
who, said the lecturer, was the prince of
parodists and one of Oxford's most bril
liant scholars.
Hood the lecturer declared to be too
grim a satirist to be pleasantly humorous,
and read from his "Ballad of May" to il
lustrate his point. At the general request
of the audience Professor Gayley also
read a few verses of Kipling's humorous
ballads.
THE STEAM \THAUXG BRIGS KARLtTK ANT) JEAKXETTE AND THE WHALIXG BARK GATHEAD MAICIXG
PORT YESTERDAY. ALL, THREE VESSELS DID WELL LAST SEASON AND REPORT A GOOD CATCH
FOR THE ENTIRE ARCTIC FLEET.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. the independent
candidate for Congress from the Fourth
District, always carries that district by a
two to one vote over his opponents. He
never forgets that great Issue, the curse
of coolielsm and Japs. Throug-h him we
now have a restriction act, which, how
ever, is about to expire. It must be re
newed, and he is the man who will accom
plish Its renewal. •
Jeannette, Karluk, Gavhead Have Done
. Well and Others Reported Successful.
Principals Experience Change of Heart
Over Exports Filed With Euper
>;.;.;. :• intendent That. Schools. . -
¦ ¦;:-.-.¦ Ar« Overcrowded. .. " ; ¦
TM- Biaai-d of Education met vesterday
r:..i .ffismlsaed Miss D. Brown, janitor of
-xro School, the having left her place
en October 22. . without permission of the
irlacJ^l «a<i not yet appeared tor duty.
grfc A. Edward, janitor of Bunnysld*
Bch.ocL. alto lost. her position, having been
onapged with insubordination by her prin
cipal. .".- ' .-, ,; V •.;;; ._. = ¦: . , .
•The b«Ln5> attention was called to the
fact that tne garbage had been allowed to
fcrcumulataln the Irving Scott School for
r-- period- cf six wie«k§. Parents <?: the
7-?;!s and r-esiflents in the \-Iclnity are up
pi.trioi rerarding the neglect to remove
¦"• garbare, which they say jeopardize."
tr.e hfea.lth, ' The beard !s unable to fix
the- tlisie., -Mark cayi if the principal
had co^aejl Director . Casserly. who has
charge . cf x the canitary condition or
e<?aocls, the raatrer '.would have been at
tended- to. ..Casseriy tajs tha. the con
tractor .wtio has the .contract to remove
the garbage. .Is losing '.money and on that
account nay have neglected. hi«- duty.
Miss ilurphy, the principal cf the school.
eays that. the certainly r.ouried the board
about the matter, but . no action was
ta*ien..' . A ¦communication was j^ceived
xrena r#liha, R. Pet-fain, principal of tne
C?f?pcr.sch>ol.-ln. .which she oeaied ttat
the had ever rr-ade ia.ny complaint, to any
person 'whatever, 'concerning the enroll-
Hient.ln her. -pctiool. >li»s states
lit»V>\:er}-^ child, -on • the roll has a. seat
erxit : h«r^ are still unoccupied seats in the
class rooms:- ' . .-" . • = .
¦ Thi*- 'wa> '.' accepted »>s prof by the
t-.r-^rd that SiiUfrintf r.^or.t .U'^bster hai
errt<S. When he -statM at: th<? last meeting
that :ccmp;aint$ : had .b^n.- made to him
of overcrowding *n the . Jefferson. Dudley
. fefvn*»i Spring-. Valley. .Coorer and other
e;hpcil5.. \Veti5?er insists ti.at Miss Pechin
¦c.i-2 : c.f- ov*rcro'w<JJng In her
¦ '.- f^fcpol: : He ¦ -is-.-cf the opinion that the
piiiJicir.i'* ¦ :how>ver; ha.« experienced a
¦ch£r.£°' ot.hc&ri 'for. fear she would incur
tii* wrath; ,©£ the board for complaining
«.i>->Ut :it5 <??ass=ifica.tion. ; just as Miss
*>M?y,.jcf.Tb/e Lafayette School had done.
•:Th.« ->-rr:*:i' ! .5 ol fllteen laborers in the
repair ,V.<-r*irtrre:rit frAm October 15 to
October. S m-pr»- parsed hy the hoard.
t ; Txj?.<*rinT*t3'J» l nt -W^bFter will not Fieri the
fi-tttir.ii*. how«*y<pr. a« he ?ayg the labor
etf'trtrt diioined en October 15. when
tr;*; repair -Opart metu was transferred to
!hc-.B<-!ard of .public Works.
The- .hoard reeefrod an from the
Ctqr* Attorney in wrtilch he holds that it
U not- bJs duty to represent the board in
R-'fjittrousht eeainst 1: by Sur*»r!nt«»n
flent J\ fbster with a view to determining
»n<"her It pay b* <v->mjv»Iled to r?ccgniz<>
bts-<teptttT at its meeting*. Ler.e ?av«
that whichever way the suit is decided "it
"W-.l rot affoct the rity'R treasury or pror
1? ob!!g*>-a to «1»f«»nd f<r th» eitjr
Directors Have Trouble Re^
garding Removal of
¦ j Garbage/ ;
DISMISSAL
OF JANITORS BY
SCHOOL BOARD
Charles II lives in English history a3
the "merry monarch." During all his
reign, hilarity and unrestrained revelry
held possession of the kingdom. He was
the wittiest of all English sovereigns. Gay
and careless in temperament, fond of
pleasure, quick of intuition. Instant in
repartee, he was more Celtic than Teu
tonic, and to add to his native bent hid
early training had been in France under
"an absolute monarchy tempered by good
sayings." His advent Into England was
the signal for hilarious debauchery. The
Ice of puritanism which had bound the
island as with iron broke all la a mo
ment, and immediately society dashed in
to every extreme. For a generation^ bois
terous merriment was everywhere; "never
before, never again, has there been in
England such unrestrained roistering, but
amid all the redundancy of wit ana fun
one may seek in vain tor a fragment of
true humor. The Intellect ruled supreme.
The age and Its literature took much of
its color from the king. Never has there
been an English monarch mote lacKing
in dignity. Me wa3 a good fellow among
good fellows.
At & drinking bout a certain Mayor,
who after many potations had ceased to
bo responsible lor his actions, swore ve
hemently that he would compel the kins
to drink -with him another bottle. The
monarch • Instantly obeyed, for he de
clared.:
Good itore of good claret supplies everything,
And the tn.an that is Crunk Is as great a* a
king.
Ho chose as his counselors and favorites
men who were convivial and witty. Wltn
these boon companions, who haiied him
as "Old Rowley," he bandied jokes and
witticisms, laughing always loudest when
they got the better o£ tua wit. "Rather
than not laugh, he would turn the Joke
upon himself."
"Ah, Shaitesbury." h® cried, "you are
the greatest rogue in England." *°Of a
subject, fir," was tho quick response,
"undoubtedly I am."
By particular request the Earl of
Rochester composed the royal epitaph:
2ier* Uea oar sovereign lord, the king.
Whose word no man relies on.
Who never Bald a foolish t£l2g
And never did a wise one.
"True." cried the king-, "for my dis
course is my own; my actions are my
ministry's."
When he had chided the celebrated Stlll-
Ingstieet for delivering before him a writ
ten strmon, the preacher suddenly de
manded why he himself read h;=» speeches
before Parliament. "Why, truly, L/octor,'
was the ready response, "your question is
a pertinent one and so will be- my answer.
I nave asked the two houses so often and
for so much money that I am ashamed to
look them in the tace."
"My lord, my lord," shouted the great
preacher South one morning, pausing In
nis sermon and shaking his linger at Lay
derdale. "you snore so loud you will waJce
the king."
With such a king and such a court Eng
land could prodice only one variety of lit
erary product, for it was the day of noble
patrunf. and no unpatronized author
could hope for success. Literature of the
intellect took at once the leading place,
for the first time in England satire, the
hurling of ridicule and wit at men and
manners to excite contsmpt arose con
spicuous. The first and In some respects
the leader of the satiric school was Sam
uel Butler, whose masterpiece, "Hudl
braa." became the textbook of the royal
court. The king- had it constantly with
in reach; the nobles and courtiers quoted
on all occasions Its brilliant epigrams and
sharp hits.
"Rudibras" is undoubtedly the most
witty sinple poem in the language. It
pretends io recount tlie adventures of a
kind of JPuriian Don Quixote, but the
story 13 lost in an endless fusillade of
quips and sharp savings, the most of
them at the expense of the Calvinists. Its
brilliant flashes are almost continuous,
yet one quickly tires of it. The mosc
brilliant b!aze of skyrockets at length
ceases to interest. "Wit is the god of mo
ments." says Bruyere, and Hudibras him
self evidently knew it. for. says Butler:
Although he had much wit
He was very «hy of using It.
As being loth to wear it cut:
And therefore bore it not about
Unless on holidays, or so
As men their best apparel &¦>.
Like all ancient wit "Hudlbras" has
become sadly tarnished by time. Despite
tha fact that for two cenerations it wa3
placed side by side with the best works
of Milton and was everywhere rated as
the supreme humorous masterpiece of the
language. It is almost unread to-day. How
can we laugh at jokes that take it for
granted that we know intimately all the
foibles and absurdities of the- I*uritaES
and their times? Yet for mere wit sorn?
passages of "Hudlbras" have kept fairly
well. Take, for instance, this character
ization of the Calvlnists:
For he waa of that stubborn crew
Of errant siir.ts, whom all men grant
To be the true church militant;
Such as do build their faith uron
The holy text of pike and gun.
And prove their doctrine orthodox
By eroetollc blows and knocks;
Call fire and sword and desolatioa
A godly thorough reformation,
Which always must be carried on
And still be dolny, never done; .
>» If rellcion were Intended
- — For nothing else but to be neafied:
A »ect whose chief devotion lies
In odd perverse antipathies.
Compound for sins they are inclined to
B" damning those they have- co mind to.
Hl3 brother poets came In for their
share of criticism, for he declares:
Those that writs In rhyme still make
The one verse for the other's sake;
For one for sense and one for rtiyine
I thmk's sufficient fcr one time.
John Dryden. the laureate of the era
made satire still more icpular. Compare
his picture of the Calv V^t with Butler's:
More hausrhty than the re>i. the wolfish race
Appear with belly gaunt and famished face-
Never was so deformed a beast of grace.
His rassed tail betwixt his leps he wears.
Close clapped for shame, but his rough crest
he rears
And pricks up his predestinating eaTS _
It was Dryden who first set the fashion
of lampooning in verse literary rivals. In
"'Macflecknoi" he pours out all the vials
of his spleen upon his old enemy. Shad
well. The ruler of the realms of non
sense. lookir.gr for a successor, thus solilo
quizes:
Shad well alone my perfect lma?e bears.
Mature in dullness from his tender years,
Shadwell alone of all my sons is he.
Who stands conflrmed in full stupidity.
The rest to mine faint meanins make pretense.
But Shadwell ne'er deviates into sense.
Thus he describes his publisher:
With leering looks, full-faced and freckled fair.
V.'ith two left legs and Juda«-co!nred hair.
And frowsy pores that taint the ambient air.
The poSiry of the intellectual era cul
minated in Pope, the most witty of ths
English poets. He was the logical product
of Butler and Dryden. and he was In a
sense a culmination. His poems have all
the flash and brilliancy of strings of dia
monds and all the coldness. Nowhere is
there a touch of true humor. Take, for
instance, hi«« picture in the "Dunciad" of
the field of English literature, where
ars Intones to ass.
Harmonic twang! of leather, horn and brass.
Or, again, where he compares the com
peting authors of the jay to divera In the
Thames — "a pig of lead to him who dive*
the best"— note how he disposes of the
scurrifous pamphleteer Arnall:
Not so bold Arnall: with a weight of skull
Furious he dives, rrsclpitately dull.
Whirlpools and storms his circling arms invest
With all the might of gravitation bl'st.
Xo crab more active in the dirty dance
IVivnward to climb, and backward to advance,
lie brings up half the bottom on his head.
And loudly claims the journals and the lead.
And what could say more In a single
line than this:
'Now night descending. - the proud scene waa
o'er.
But lived In Settle's numbers one day more. *¦
The teeming bitterness of Byron's
"English Bards and Scotch Reviewers."
written nearly a century later. Is but an
echo of this earlier age. ¦ How like tha
"Dunciad." for Instance, is such a pass
age as this:
There Clerke, still stxivtBg plttously "to
pleaae."
HUMOR OF* ENGLISH AND AMERICAN LITERATURE
Tatti* Hah! Good axain. faith.
The beautiful coquette Niliazhast sines
gayly:
If there's delight in lore 'tis when I s*»
That heart that ethers bleed for. bleed for me.
And Witwcud. wishing to disclaim aa
far as possible his relationship to Sir
Wilful, observes. "He's but my half
brother." "Then." retorts Mlrabell, "per
haps he's but half a fool."
But it is idle to tear samples from the
tinsel and gilding cf these old master
pieces. At best the ace was' cold and In-
tellectual and it Is more cheery to warm
ourselves before a humor that cornea
from "quite a different heart and spirit—
a wit that makes us laugh and leaves- us
good and happy." • •
FRED L^rWTS PATTEE.
Pennsylvania State College. ' ¦
"Rape of the Lock" is, according, to
Taine, "buffoonery in a noble style.," and
according to Dr. \Vhartpn "the best satire
extant." It abounds in playful touches,
in mock solemnity, m exaggerated -de-*'
scriprion. in pure burlesque, in genuine
fancy— in. all thr demerits- that go ta
make up a great masterpiece cf pura wit.
Every word has Ita value: every couplet
is a finished Jewel: . » . ¦ .
One- *reaks the s'.cry of ths Briish'Qstcn. .
And one describes a cfeanalsg Isrtiaa screen..
The hunery Jutiges Man the «er.t»nce «Jra ¦ ' •
And wretches bar.* that jurymen may Una. '
Then flashed the llvlnr UfbtnUlg fron h»r «yM,'
And screaar.3 of fccrror rent th" affright»d ikies. .
Not louier thr!«ka to pltylr.y heaven are cast ¦
\\"herrTiusbaad« or when lapJcgs . breaiH» thelT
last;
Or when rich Ch!=a vessels fa'.:-n frca h!«h
In flittering dust aai painted . fragment* Ue. .
One may safely open the poenf at ran-,
dem and quote the first couplet th« eye
rests upon as an example of its' wit and'
brilliancy. " ¦ ' : •
Some of the dally wit of this most bril
liant era has been, preserved by Spence
and others, but what we have- is but <i
pitiful fragment of the table-talk and.
repartee that made Jovial th* London
coffee houses and clubs. The coffee house,
which first sprung into prominence dur
ing- the early years of the restoration era.
became the distributing center of all
things merely intellectual. Over claret
or tea or coffee the latent news was dl3- .
cussed, the latest ar.ecdotes recounted'
and the witticisms of the day retold;. .A.
rare poem. "The School for Politicks.".
published in 1t>». gives us. a picture : of.
these convivial centers: . '¦ .
The murinurins buzz -which thronsh th4.'ropta
was sent •' • ' . ' ¦ '
D!d beehives' cols* exactly represent •';»'-"."
And, like a beehive, too. 'twas -filled, and thick.
All tastir.e of the Hcnisr Politick . . .'.'
Called "news," which they all 'greedily- racked
in. • • .. •
More various scenes of humor I slight tell ;
Which in tr.y liti'e.stajr befell; ' • ' .
Such as grave wl:?, who, (pending farthings'
four, - . .¦.-.'¦¦
Sit. F3".oke aa-i xrarm thernsetres- ari hour:
Or racdish town sparks, drlnklas chocolate.
With beaver cocked, and laush'.r.'j loud,.
To be thought wlta amony tba er^wd.,- ¦' ¦
Ct lipping i**. while they relate '.•¦ '• *• .-
Th-ir evening' 3 fr-llc at the. Rose.
There was no Boswell at AVUFa coffee
house, where Drydea so long- sat en
throned amoner the wits- of his day, nor
during the first ten years cf th* eigh
teenth century at Christopher Cat's,
where the thirty-nine members of the
Kit-Cat Club, all men of genius, met to
cat mutton pies and to revel in colloquial
banquets far more delicious.
The life and soul of this club was Con
greve, the dramatist, who was the liter
ary father of Pheri<3an. Lake "The
School for Scandal" of a later day, Con
greve's "Way cf the World" and "Th»
Double-Dealer" depend not so much upon
their plots as upon the brilliant dialogue,
their bitin? saxcaain. which does not
spare even the finest ladies, and their
constant coruscation of wit and word
play. Even footmen and servants talk
witn as fine a polish and a_s nimble a wit
as their masters.
"I can't pretend to quote scenes." wrote
Thackeray in his "English Humorists."
"from the splenuid Congreve'a plays—
which are undeniably bright, witty and
daring — any more than I. could ask you
to hear the dialogue of a witty barfr»man
and a brilliant fish.wom?_i exc^anglr.g
compliments at Billingsgate." and this is
a difficulty that confronts any on© who
would quote from any of the writers of
the period, for it is undeniable that the
average Joko of the restoration era would
Eadly shock modern readers. Not all axe
coarse and indecent, however:
Valentine. I know you; for I torrid a woman. .
strange thins: I found out what a weman was
good for.
Tattle. Ay! rrythee. what's that? •
Valentine. Why. to keep a secret.
Tatt!e. O Lord".
Valentine. Oh. fxcetdlr-.c CoxS to keep a •*-
eret: for though she should tell, yet sh« Is cot
to be believed.
Forgetting <3cs^er»l !?a1s net t« degr-^s.
A would-be artist, a hired buffoon, : ¦ '
A monthly scribbler of some low lampoon.
Condemned to druize. the meanest of tha mean.
And furbish falsehoods for a mazazice.
Devotes to scanial h!s ccnsreniaJ mind;
Hijr.self a Ehrtns udel en mankind. .
But Pope is not always bitter, though
he is always brilliant and- cold. H:s
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THE WITS OF THE RESTORATION.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
WHALERS SEEM TO HAYE MET WITH
SUCCESS IN THE ARCTIC LAST YEAR
A good example of some of the Ironies
of taxation has come to light over in San
ta Clara County. Th/> inhabitants of the
Mayfleld school district In meeting: as
sembled recently discussed the need of
better school accommodations. There was
no money in sight, yet every father real
ized that something must be don© to place
better educational opportunities within
the reach of his children.
A special tax for school purposes was
the only solution to the problem. The
question of how much territory the dis
trict should embrace next presented itself.
Stanford University was some distance
away, but there was nothing in the world
to prevent taking In at least a portion of
the university, and its valuable grounds.
The tax has just been levied, and the- As
sessor finds that tho big Institution must
help along the school district of Mayfield
in the sum of !¦;>&.
Meanwhile tho people of Palo Alto dis
trict were astir over its inferior school
accommodations. Again the special tax
plan was inaugurated, and on top of the
$4?9 which goe3 to Mayfleld district the
university must pay $1575 toward main
taining the Palo Alto schools.
The ease has especial interest in view
Of the proposed amendment to the State
constitution, which provides that all in
stitutions of learning shall ba exempt
from taxation.
Mayfleld and Palo Alto Divide the
Immense College Grounds and
Levy an Assessment to Im
prove Their Properties.
University Is Taxed by Two
Santa Clara County
Districts.
SCHOOLS SEEK
FINANCIAL AID
FROM STANFORD
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the »arly mornlnpr tide* are (rtven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
dar in tho order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column rives the . last
tide of the day. except when there are bat
three tides, as sometimes occuAi. The heights
eiven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Cea*t Survey charts, except
¦when a minus Mm (— ) precedes Jus height, and
then th« number Riven is sub'.^acted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
SATUKDAT. NOVEMBER 3.,
Sun rises 5:37
Sun *ets .....;.".'. ."..... 5:03
Moon sets 2:37 a. m-
I
IIL
9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Alliance Portland (Nov. 3
Umatitla Victoria Nov. 3
Corona San Diego Nov. 3
Ilonck'n* Maru China and Japan Nov. 3
Iaqua Eureka Nov. 3
Cleone Tillamook [Nov. 4
Manauer.se .... Comox .' (Nor. 4
Matteawan Tacoma Nov. 4
Fouth Portland Seattle Nov. 5
Boni:a Newport Nov. 5
Eureka Hutr.boldt Nov. 5
G. W. Elder... Portland Nov. 6
Queen Honolulu Nov. 6
Newport 'New York JNov. 7
Santa Rosa fS-nn Diego (Nov. 7
Pomona 'Eureka INov. 7
Empire ;Coos Bay Nov. 7
City of Puebla.j Victoria Nov. S
North Fork (Humboldt Nov. 8
Point Arena 'Point Arena Nov. 8
Coos Bay 'Newport !Nov. 9
Crescent City.. [Crescent City Nov. J
Steamer. | Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Del Xorte. | Portland Nov. 3, 10 amj Pier 20
Coos Bay.. | Newport....... Nov. 8, 9 am Pier 11
Gaelic "China* Japan Nov. .3. 1 pm PMSS
Pomona ...jllumboldt jNov. 4, 2 pmjpier 9
Czarina ...(Seattle N'ov. «. 10 am Pier S
BerKenhus .iChlna& Japan'Nov. 4. lOamjPler 27
Columbia ..i Portland Nov. 4. n am j Pier U
Corona ....(San Diego -Nov. 5, 11 am!PI«r 11
Pt. Arena.. (Point Arena. JNov. 6. 2 pmiPler 2
Alliance ...(Portland INov. 6 Pier 20
Kan BenltolMexlco INov. «. 12 m
Curacao ...iMexico Nov. 7. 10 am Pier 11
Umatllla ..IVictorla (Nov. 7. 11 amjPler 9
Bonlta ....(Newport tNov. 7. 9 am 'Pier II
Eureka jHumboldt INov. 7, 9 am! Pier 2
Peru [New York Not-, s. KmlPMSS
Santa Rosa'San Di'CKO 'Nov. 9. n amlPler 11
Geo. Elder. 'Porttand Nov. >. 11 arr.iPler 2-J
C I-Tlmej > Time Time Time
% I 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
.» |L\T| H W L W • H W
5 ... 1:S3 1.4 8:10 5.7 2:25 0.7 1 3:00 4.8
4 ... 2:20 1.7 8:50 6.0 J:1S 0.0 10-00 4 8
S... 3:06 5.0 9:29 6.2 4:06 0.5 10:59 U
6 ... 3:50 2.3 19:08 6.3 4:53 — 0.S 11.54' it
7 ... 4:J3 5.6 10:50 6.4 6:43—1.0 I '¦
!H W L W H W U^ w "
8 ...1 0:43 4.71 5:1S 2.? 11:31 6.21 6:34i-JJ 5
»...!. 1:44 4.«| b:C7 3.1 Ii:l5 5.9 7:24|-4);7
Steamer. | Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Del Xorte. | Portland Nov. 3, 10 amj Pier 20
Coos Bay.. | Newport....... Nov. 8, 9 am Pier 11
Gaelic "China* Japan Nov. .3. 1 pm PMSS
Pomona ...jllumboldt jNov. 4, 2 pmjpier 9
Czarina ...(Seattle N'ov. «. 10 am Pier S
BerKenhus .iChlna& Japan'Nov. 4. lOamjPler 27
Columbia ..i Portland Nov. 4. n am j Pier U
Corona ....(San Diego -Nov. 5, 11 am!PI«r 11
Pt. Arena.. (Point Arena. JNov. 6. 2 pmiPler 2
Alliance ...(Portland INov. 6 Pier 20
Kan BenltolMexlco INov. «. 12 m
Curacao ...iMexico Nov. 7. 10 am Pier 11
Umatllla ..IVictorla (Nov. 7. 11 amjPler 9
Bonlta ....(Newport tNov. 7. 9 am 'Pier II
Eureka jHumboldt INov. 7, 9 am! Pier 2
Peru [New York Not-, s. KmlPMSS
Santa Rosa'San Di'CKO 'Nov. 9. n amlPler 11
Geo. Elder. 'Porttand Nov. >. 11 arr.iPler 2-J
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Alliance Portland (Nov. 3
Umatitla Victoria Nov. 3
Corona San Diego Nov. 3
Ilonck'n* Maru China and Japan Nov. 3
Iaqua Eureka Nov. 3
Cleone Tillamook [Nov. 4
Manauer.se .... Comox .' (Nor. 4
Matteawan Tacoma Nov. 4
Fouth Portland Seattle Nov. 5
Boni:a Newport Nov. 5
Eureka Hutr.boldt Nov. 5
G. W. Elder... Portland Nov. 6
Queen Honolulu Nov. 6
Newport 'New York JNov. 7
Santa Rosa fS-nn Diego (Nov. 7
Pomona 'Eureka INov. 7
Empire ;Coos Bay Nov. 7
City of Puebla.j Victoria Nov. S
North Fork (Humboldt Nov. 8
Point Arena 'Point Arena Nov. 8
Coos Bay 'Newport !Nov. 9
Crescent City.. [Crescent City Nov. J
C I-Tlmej > Time Time Time
% I 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
.» |L\T| H W L W • H W
5 ... 1:S3 1.4 8:10 5.7 2:25 0.7 1 3:00 4.8
4 ... 2:20 1.7 8:50 6.0 J:1S 0.0 10-00 4 8
S... 3:06 5.0 9:29 6.2 4:06 0.5 10:59 U
6 ... 3:50 2.3 19:08 6.3 4:53 — 0.S 11.54' it
7 ... 4:J3 5.6 10:50 6.4 6:43—1.0 I '¦
!H W L W H W U^ w "
8 ...1 0:43 4.71 5:1S 2.? 11:31 6.21 6:34i-JJ 5
»...!. 1:44 4.«| b:C7 3.1 Ii:l5 5.9 7:24|-4);7
\ • ***
FOR
McKINLEYand
ROOSEVELT
RALLIES TO-NIGHT !
. SCOTTISH HALI.,
L.ARKIX STREET. NEAR GROVE.
I Under the auspices cf the United League of
Labor Club*. Speakers— Hon. Geo. A. Knight.
Hon. Wm. R. Davis. H^n. Julius Kahn, Frank
P. Kelly Esq.. Joseph EaiKi Esq. and others.
BOUGH EIDERS' QUABTET.
The uniformed corps of the Bear Club wilt
escort the United League or Labor Clubs from
Bush and Montiroinery streets to Scottish Hall.
pionbeb" hall,
FOURTH STREET. NEAR MARKET.
Twenty-ninth Assembly .District. Speakers —
Ilcn. Wm. R. Davis. Hon. Julius Kahn. Max-
well McXutt Esq.. J. E. Flvnn (nominee for
State Senator), J. F. Collins Esq. (nominee for
Ai«embiynmn) and others.
KNICKERBOCKER QUARTET.
HABTFOBD HALL,
HARTFORD AND EIGHTEENTH STREETS.
Speakers — Capt. Harry L. Wells. E. Myron
Wolf Esq.. D. Louderback Esq.. Wm. J. Gull-
foyle Esq. (nominee for the Assembly) and
others. x
EUREKA QUARTET.
MANGELS HALL, ,
TWEXTT-FOURTH AND FOLSOM STREKTS.
Speakers— E. Myron Wolf Esq., Capt. Harry
L. Wells, Hon. Julius Kahn, Richard J. Welch
Fjq. (nominee for Senator), E. F. TreaJwell
F.sq. (nominee for the Assembly). D. J. Murphy
and others.
EUREKA QUARTET.
APOLLO HALL,
PACIFIC STREET. BETWEEN STOCKTON
AND POWELL..
Speaker*— A. J. Dannenbaum Esq.. B. I*
McKlnl«v:E«q.. Hon. Julius Kahn. Martin W.
Drady Esq. . (nominee for the Assembly). Thos.
F. Graham and ethers.
COLUMBIA QUARTET.
DO YOU FEEL LIKE THIS?
Pen Picture for Women.
" I am so nervous, there is not A
well inch in my whole bodv. I am so
weak at my stomach ana have indi-
gestion horribly, and palpitation of
the heart, and I am losing flesh. This
headache and backache nearly kills
me, and yesterday I nearly had nyster-
ics ; there is a weight in the lower part
of my bowels bearing down all the
time, and pains in my' groins and
thighs; I cannot sleep, walk, or sit,
and I believe I am diseased all over ;
no one ever suffered as I do." .
This is a description of thousands; of
cases which come to Mrs. Pinkham's
attention daily. An inflamed and ul-
cerated condition of the neck of tha
womb can produce all of these srmp-
Write for new catalogue of watches, Jewelry,
silverware. Invaluable to out-of-towa purchaa-
ers. Hamcierrmlth & Field, 3S Kearny st *
Judge William P. Lawlor has proved
an honest, efficient and abla Judgre, and
should receive the votes of all citizens,
irrespective cf party. •
A fi«rtd expert of tho Poptum Cereal Co..
*jS»fc£ mi -Battle r'reek. Mich., ha* pre-
rared.ju crisp, dainty and delicious food
Pacathe. express purpepe of culekly and
'-re-iy ¦ rebuilairr ' the brain and nerve
*rvi*rg.: i&a. : haa : jiven it : the name of
.examination of the perspira-
V<:r. and brinitlvfU <3<Kermine the amount
*. recent. bfaJh work by the amount of
c ;bate of Potafh found, for these
' rotate particles are' thrown out from
'¦ 'A :i ,n : aad' Ecrye' center* during nervous
C'livLtyi-ftnil lihd.ttiHr -way back to earth
»^r>.ykb. P3r^. ki<Ihf vs. bowels, etc
Food
tastes good.
'The healthy
GRAPE-NUTS.
iii this case
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M*3. JOHX WlLLlAXS.
toms. and no woman should allov
herself to reach such a perfection of
misery when there is absolutely no
need of it. The subject of our por-
trait in this sketch, Mrs. Williams of
Englishtown, N.J., has been entirely
cured of such illness and misery by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and the guiding advice of Mrs.
Pinkham of Lvnn, Mass.
No other medicine has such a rpcox*d
for absolute cures, and no other medi-
cine is "just as pood." Women wao
want a cure should insist upon getting
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound when they ask for it at a atore.
Anyway, write a letter to Mrs. Pink-
ham at* Lynn, Mass., and tell her all
Tour troubles. Her advice ia.tr 9%.CHICAGO. Nov. 2.— CATTLE—Receipts, 2000.
Steers, .Blow; butchers' stock. Westerns 'and
Texans steady; gopd to prime steers, J3 40@
5 90; poor to medium, M 40@5 85; selected feed
ers, |3 7C«jF4 40; mixed stockers, *2 60®3 85;
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— •'." Dee. Feb.
Opening '. 5 11% 6 Hi
Closing 6 H 6 1V4
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. -April.
Opening Holiday.
Closing
Flour-
Opening
Closing
A distinct and marked Improvement In the
demand- for both crude and finished iron and
steel Is noted. FYom Chicago. Pittsburg Birm
ingham and Philadelphia come confirmations of
the better Inquiry for piglron at a Blight ad
vance except In the case of the Southern prod
uct. This movement is regarded as significant
In connection with reported cutting of prices
by the English and Scotch ¦ makers. Actual
We«tern livestock receipts for October were
very heavy, but prices have held well despite
this.
Wool is showing Increased activity, while
prices are firm, in sympathy with the better
tone of London and Melbourne advices.
Speculation on the various exchanges has
ruled rather slow. • In wheat the moving feat
ure has been the reiteration of stories of Ar
gentine crop damage, which waa Instrumental
In Inducing some advance, much of which was
lost later.
Failures naturally show ' expansion over the
same period a year ago, but are much more
fa\crablc than In preceding years.
\ Unseasonable warm weather continues the
leading unfavorable feature of distributive
trade because of the check given to retail dis
tribution, and. therefore, to reorder business
in most lines of dry goods, wearing apparel
and shoes. Conservatism, in view of the near
approach of the election. Is undoubtedly an
element exercising considerable Influence par
ticularly in stock speculation, but a conspicu
ous exception to ttis is found In the reawaken
ing of demand and the advance In prices shown
in the iron trade in widely separated sections.
This is really one of the most Important de
velopments of the week, and Is taken as In
dicating not only that confidence In election
results is felt, but that consumers' stocks are
down to a minimum.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.-Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say:
Continued on Page TMrteen.
Bay Co P Co. .102*; — Oak Water 5svI(BHin54
Cal-st Cab :>s..HS* t — Oceanic SS 5s.lO9»ilO9%
C C Water 5S..107H — Om C Ry Us. ..127 12S
Ed L & P 69.131 — Pac U Imp 4s.lt>2 -'
V A Cl Ry «s.. — — P & Cl Ry 6s.lO3 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — P&ORU 6S.113H — '
H C A S 5V4s.. — — Powell-st K Ss. — —
Do 5s 10<H4 — Sao E GAP. 5s. 98^100
L A R 5s 107 107?4 S P & SJV 5S.11S 1 * —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s.. — 113
Do gtnd 6s... — — S P of A Ks...U2 ? ill3
L A «ntd 5s.. — 10Ui 9 P ofCGst 1> -'<)
I. A V li 11 as. — lCJVil (Series A)...l"* —
Market-st 6s..l2S*4 — [ Do (Series B)MSS, —
Do 1st M 5s..llS*4U3'i Do (1906) 100'jllO
NCNOR7S.110 114 | Do <1912)....llS^lMVi.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
UKlTtTD STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I TtM.AsIc
4s quar coup...Vl5«-«ll« its docp (new>. 1.14^ 135
4s do reg 11SU11S ISs do ooup....l00V»U0^
FRIDAY. Nor. *— 1:30 9. m.
Total ~. ......i..J3.1S0,44i
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Business In stocks and bonds w»s Tery fair
on the morning session and quotations stood
about the same. ¦ :
In the afternoon Gas and Electric said from.
}51 37% up to J52. and Coatra Costa "Water
from |70 down to $69 42%.
There was renewed activity la the oil stocks,
Monte Crtato and California Standard leading.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay its
eighty-third dividend of 73c on the 12th.
The Best & Belcher Mining Company ha*
levied an assessment of 15c. and the Alta Min
ing Company one of 5c - .
Interest Is now payabl* on th* following
bonds: \ •
Coupons. Amount.
N. P. C Ry «s »3 00 »l«.20O
Sac E,. O. & Ry. Ss 2 60 52.300
S. P. of Cal. Ry. 6s.. 2 50 S04.725
S. V. Water 2d 4s 1 00 JO.OOO.
U. S. 4s. 1925 1 CO 1.C3.I34
U. S. 3s. 1903 75 913.S66
NEW TORK, Nov. .2.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will say: As the Presiden
tial election draws near the speculative stock
market has become more sensitive to the un
certainties which It involves. The upward
movement of prices, which waa the feature of
the preceding fortnight and which was. In
effect a discounting of the expected result,
has been checked by the general disposition
to take profits or to reduce commitments In
the market. The hardening of money ratm
over the election has also created conservatism
on the part of the commission-houses and the
tendency in such quarters is to have customers
restrict transactions for the moment. It ib
also noted that throughout the street the dis
position has been to call for much larger mar
gins and to otherwise prepare for any emer
gency. The market thus peems to have placsd
Itself in a position to await the outcome in
a calm way and It Is also noted that the
realizing by people who bought early In the
recent rise has not resulted In any material
declines. Large Interests and bull pools have
not made themselves prominent or given much
open support to the various prominent stocks
The professionals. In fact, have shown an In
clination to hold off, and the trading element
among them waa nearly ready to act on the
bear side. It Is noticed, however, that on any
concessions In prices good stocks have bee'
readily absorbed by outside buyers. This was
especially the case with the high-grade divi
dend-payers, though it extended to other stocks
as well and represented to a considerable ex
tent the outright purchase of securities to take
them entirely out of the market. This pro
cess was sufficiently well marked to afford
support to prices at the decline and to check
the tendency of the room to indulge in short
sales. It would also seem to result from the
general feeling In stock market circles that in
the event of a satisfactory victory for the
sound-money cause the market would be likely*
to broaden and advance. The foreign markets
were dull and heavy this week and London
did little here, being a seller on balance
Provisions were quiet. The market opened
higher on the advance in price at the stock
yards. The traders who were long In the prod
uct sold to realize and the market sagged and
closed easy. January pork closed 7',4#10c un
der yesterday, lard 5c lower and ribs 2V4c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November 73% 73% 72tf 72Vi
December 74ft 74»4 73H 73%
January 75 % 75«4 74 V4 74 ii
Corn No. 2 —
November 37% 37V4 37 37V4
December 35'4 S3U 85H 35%
May 86ft 36^ S6Vi 364
Oats No. 2—
.November 21H 21H 21% 21%
December 22 22" 21% 22
May 24 24 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
November 10 6214
January 1140 1140 1122^4 1125
Laxd, per 100 lbs —
November 7 124 7 12V4 7 00 7 00
December 6 92V4 6 92% 6 SO 6 82%
January 6 80 6 82^4 6 70 6 70
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
November 6 35 6 45 6 25 6 25
January 6 07% 6 07% 6 00 6 00
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet,
unchanged; No. 3 spring wheat. 68@71%c; No. 2
red, 73%!376c: No. 2 corn, 38%c; No. 2 yellow,
«8%c: No. 2 oats, 22@22%c; No. 2 white, 25%c;
No. 3 white. 74%@74%c; fair to choice malting
barley, BlgoSc; No. 1 flax seed, J181@182; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 81%@1 84; prime timothy seed.
$4 10^)4 20; mess pork, per bbl, $11 60; lard, per
100 lbs, $7 07%ig7 12%; short-rib sides (loose).
tGGOrgGSO; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6@6%c;
short clear sides (boxed), *C 65-^6 75; whisky,
basis of high wines, fl 27; clover, contract
grade. »0<gl0 25. |
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20.000 2S.000
Wheat, bushels 286,000 22,000
Corn, bushels ...:.. 165,000 58.000
Oats, bushels ! 156,000 250,000
Rye, bushels 3,000
Barley, bushels 53,000 22,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull; creameries, 15©21%c; dairies,
13©18c* Cheese, active, 10>4@ll%c! Eggs, firm;
fresh, 18c.
Oats led a wall-flower existence during the
session, but was steady with corn. I>ecember
closed unchanged at 22c.
Corn was quiet, dexpite the weakness In the
wheat pit. The market derived strength from
liF.ht receipts and good export demand. Decem
ber closed hie over yesterday at 35Vic.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2.— Wheat prices, after an
active session, left an Irregular trail, but for
all Its sinuosities the tendency was plainly
downward. December opened %ft ! &c higher at
74',JS"'IVic under pressure from shorts, who
were surprised at a slight advance at Liverpool
In the face of the decline here yesterday. The
crowd, however, seemed to have plenty of long
stuff and the clear weather and an Arjrentlne
cable *r e P°rtlnf? prospects "satisfactory" were
sufficient to bring much of it out. December
dropped to 74 !^c early, rallied to 74H2"4Hc and
then, pressed by additional Influences, Includ
ing liberal primary receipts and the closing of
three flour mills at Minneapolis, slumped to
7;:%c. On profit taking by shorts December ral
lied sharply to 73\c, but the Rdvanco failed to
find substantial support and further liquidation
sent the price back to 73Vic. The close was
weak, December %c lower at 73%c.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 25©2 40: Canary
3',£c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern -
BEANS— Bayos. $2 80@2 90; Small White
$3 90@4 10; Large White. $3@3 25; Pink Jl 90
02 10; Red, *2 75@3; Blackeye, I3@3 23; Lima
$5 2<v?5 25; Pea, J4@4 25; Red Kidneys. |3 56
fi?3 75.
RecelDts of Beans were 5250 sacks, maklne
50,750 sacks thus far this week. Almost all of
these receipts are Pinks and Red descriptions,
which are weak In consequence. The other
kinds are scarcer. In demand for shipment,
and firm, and still higher quotations for some
will be observed.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer, $5i§S; Wheat. $11@13 50-
Wheat and Oat. $10iS'12 50; Oat. $9@11 50- Clover
$3<ff7: Alfalfa. JR 50@S 50; Barley. J7S9 per ton.'
STRAW— S5@45c per bale. .
MIDDLINGS— »16 50@l9 E0 Der ton.
FKEDSTCFFS— Rolled Barley, $15 50^16 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J25®C6- lob
bing, $26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17®. 13; Corn Meal
$26tfi 27; Cracked Corn, $26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed
$1S«16.
BRAN— J14015 per ton.
There Is no change worthy of note In any
description. Bran being weak and Hay steady.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. J3 4O@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, *2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 lh@2 60 for bakers' ; Eastern,
(4 75(ii5 75 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50: Oat Groats. $4 50; Horn*
Iny. $3 6003 75; Buckwheat Flour. U®* IS •
Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Farina, $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6@
7 25; In Backs, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, |5; Split
Peas, Jo; Green Peas. {5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
White, $1 35@1 60; Surprise, »1 «@1 55; Red.
$1 15@1 25 for feed and $1 25@1 40 for seed; Gray,
Jl 25® 1 25: Black, for feed, Jl 12^@1 20; for seed,
fl 22Vi@l 82% per ctl.
CORN- Higher prices are asked. Eastern
yellow, $1 22%; white, *1 25@1 30; Eastern mix
ed. $1 20^1 22% per ctl.
RTK— Continues dull at 90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at tl 75®2 per ctl.
OATS— Quiet at firmly held quotations.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 3300 ctls,
72ttc: 2000. 73c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES
Feed, 75c for choice fright, 70@72%c for No.
1 and 65*567^0 for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. 77' / i@S2t4c; Chevalier, nominal.
BARLEY— The firmness In choice feed con
tinues, but other descriptions are dull and un
changed.
Second Session— May— 6000 ctls. 11 03%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 20.000 ctls.
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 ctls, Jl 03«4l
14.000. $1 OoVi.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— Mar— 2000
ctls. $t 03%.
Chicago opened firm on unexpected strength
abroad, but fell back. Holders realized freely,
and the demand was moderate. New York also
opened higher, but fell back.
The local market wa< dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, »6>ic; Milling, 8S%o
@$1 01% per ctl.
WHEAT— The Argentine situation continues
the governing factor at the moment, and re
norts from there are .conflicting. The London
Times' cable reports the condition of the Santa
Fo Cordova district satisfactory, and that of
tho Entro Rios and Itosarlo districts poor.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — |4 81V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83%
Sterling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight — 5 '
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 7*4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64H
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50% <g 61
Exchange and Bullion.
large shipments by : the- sub-Treasury on ac
count of gold d-poslts.' at Pacific Coast points
the official statement of the Week's sub-Treas
ury operations Ehows a pain by banks of $0€3,-'
(k>). Hut it must be remembered ' that this in
cludes a pajTrient on last Friday of checks of
$3,000,000 for Australian gold deposited with the
Government at San Francisco. This gold was
drawn over the counter at the sub-Treasury
by the : bank3 and then figured In last Satur
day's bank statement. Allowing for this to
morrow's statement is- likely to show a con
siderable decline In cash reserves. Although
there has botn liquidation In stocks, the bor
rowings incident to the monthly settlements
are likely to figure In the loan item . to-mor
row and increase the reserve requirements. The.
r«"'Or bank statement pre-flgured explains th«
day's events in the money market. Covering by
ehorts caused recovery In stocks later, but
prices yielded again in the closing dealings.
The bond market was dull and Irregular. To
tal j,al«-B par value, fl.510.000.
United Ftates refunding 2s. when Issued, and
the new 4s declined M r«" cent on the last
ClLlU NEW TORK STOCK L.1ST.
Bhares '¦¦": :¦".
Sold. " Stock*— . ¦ Lid.
9.C<0 Atctilson ..... ... 3IV
i;.^!6 Atchison^preM • *%.
7.S01 Kalt'.more & Ohio <«'4
Canadian Pacific «6»;
2^iO Canada Southern • 63
. -2.S3 Chc-fiar-eake & Ohio : 20
100 Chicago Oreat AVestern ll'i
2 025 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 127H
.. Chicago JivlianapolU & Louis 20
,. ; Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd.. 54
: m Chicago & Eastern Illinois SS
100 Chicago & Northwestern 16H4
17t7 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific. ...IOS'4
CSD C C C & St Louis 62tf
20J Colorado Southern S'A
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 37%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15
•. Delaware & Hudson .' 1W
100 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.-l'SH
100 Denver & Kio Grande UT4
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 63V4
Krle 11V
Erie 1ft prefd 34H
HO Oreat Northern prefd 162V4
Hocking Coal - 15
El» Hocking Valley 3*
S25 Illinois Central 11*!4
•100 Iowa Central 18!4
, Iowa Central prefd 41
ISO Lake Trie & Western 84^
100 Lake Erie Sc Western prefd 10J
. .. I>ake Chore 210U
tC» Louisville & Nasbvlllt 75
st the clearing, house to-day to the amount of
Ji.C92.77l on account of the Government In', the
raymehw. The feature of the preliminary es
timates of the ; week's: cash changes Is ¦ the re
versal thowu In the current of. the money
DaovBSMdt with the. interior. The . banks have
(rained on the Interior movement by express to
the . extent -of probably nearly J509.000. Not
until to-cay. when J20O.<>'»3 was/deposited at the
rub-Treasury for transfer to Chicago, has there
b< en any transfer to the Interior through that
medium. As a. conse<juenc«-\6f. this and • the
NETtV TORK. Nov. 2.— To-day's develop
inciitii in the inoney rr.arket Ferved fully to.jus
tify-the r>rt-<"»utlonary- attitude assumed by in
tf-rc-Ets toward the.speculatlon during the pres
< r.t week. Had tb,« borrowing with which to
hold Stocks on margin proceeded with the'
.head-lohg.-caigTiif-vs that was shown last week
the t;"ect of to-day's flurry- in call loans ln
tvital!}' would have been much aggravated. In
the 1 first jjlace. the available . resources of the
¦ money, ir.crkct ¦ would have befn much- de-'
•pljetcd- and in : the second place the- contraction,
of'credits r.ecesf itattnl- -wo'uld have -brought out
much -.mtjire burdensome oflericg^ of .stocks for
tale. As. It-was, speculative . holders of stocks
»se«-n'ied to be-wtlX fortllit-d-with the time loans.
Those wlro w«ere Sot wining to facfr a 20 ' p*-r
o<nt call loan rate and a material extension 1n
the ca?h margin w.f-re 'requlrf-d to carry Etocks
over the. < lectionl .Cats!: m*rKln» of ZLO per cent
were dt- ibanditd on a - Urge .M.'ile, The hardships
of borrowers were lncr»-a*ed by th« additional
etrlctr.ess of lenders- wUh. regard, va collateral,
the rate' t>oihg: I" i'<*r cent- higher for . loans
where there. was any- ad-mixture. 'Of. 'industrial
et-curlties than where they w«-re all railroads.'
Considerable attention was attracted also by
reJKjrts of a srrea.tly increased demand for *hort
time loans. It was reported that thirty day
loan easily commanded i> per cent, while those
for longer pejtedaf could not be.. had as low as
4 %<x cent. This crfated a feeling of. uneasi
ness •K'Kar'iir.g: the immediate future of the
money market. It "as claimed' the high rate
lor rail, was due Flmi'iy to the temporaty tying
i;p of money due to monthly settlements and
tltat there would be a quick release next Week
or e.m toon as di\idend and Interest disburse
rhents ¦ becan to. find their way bat.k into, the
money-market.- The . eub-Trea<tury. was debtor
New York Stock Market.
Butter and E«s are mor* ' -plentiful and
prices are steadily declining In the wholesale
market, though retail prices ar» not yet much
affected. ¦ ' ¦ -
Summer fruits are steadily dwindling ar.il
the season Is almost over. Oranges are com
ing In more freely, as their season Is Just
beginning. Cranberries are advancing aa the
Eastern crop la short this year. • •
Poultry and Game, show lltU« ciango and
Meats stand as before*
Coal, per ton—
Cannel «— fill 00 Scrathfleld
Wellington .. @11 00 Wellington.. 5U 00
Seattle 9 «X>@ Xooa Bay OtM
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice. sq.4J@55j?onimoii E«s....:3CS:3
Do. good- 3o^40;Ranch £gga, per
Pickled 35®— dozen 40QTA
Tub. per lt> 25f»' — [Honey Comb. p«r
Cheese. Cal 12-gl5| pound ..15fr)
Cheese, Eastern.. 17'g2U Do, extracted... lCgU
Cheese. Swiss 20^351
Meats, per lb —
Bacon lSHUlS Round Steafc 10@—
Beef, choico 15«20 3irloln Steak I5g—
Do, good log 12 (Porterhouse do.. ..SOS —
Corned Beef — «*1U Bmoked Beef — <tf:5
Ham 13tilJlPork. salt 12'rfU
t^ard — tfli> Pork Chops) lijiH
Mutton ......... ...lOvl-'Porlc Saujases..l2 : - 1. ->
Lamb lOgU.V'eal .12^13
Pork, fresh 15'<j— | *¦.'.,¦
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each oOS«5'r>ove9, per do«...75S30
Voung Roosters. (Quail, per doa..*l 60®S
Pach 80SC5'Engllsn Snipe, per
Old Roosters, ea..40tj^! dozen « 00©
Fryers, each 40ft4:.' Jack Snipe... $1-500-; —
Broilers, each... -30^40 Mallard. palr..75cSn 2S
Purkeys. per It> . . . 1M 8 -'> Canvasbaclc ..73c-ftil 25
IHicka. each Mifefr) Sprig „. «O<U1i
Geese. each...$l 50#l 75 Teal «X&7>
Pigeons, pair 40{*;0 ! Widgeon ....EC®—
Rabbits, pair Wq 50 ; Small Duck 40©—
Hare, each.:......- <a 10, Wild Geese, pair. .UMgta
Kruita and Nutis — ¦ . . . .
Almonds, per lb..l5-®^'!Llmea. per do*.... 1>313
Apples .............. *W 5;Lenion». doa 10^13
Bananas, doa -.lJ- t j20 I'luma. per tb.... 6@ 3
Cantaloupe, each.. 10^f^)' Quinces, per !!>¦... 4O 5
Figs, per Id.. lo^^OKalsl-ns, per r>... 6*fl3
Grapes, per R>.... &<(# 6 Raspberries, dr...3Jg30
Nutmeg: Melons, Strawberries, per
each S1J10 drawet 235I0
Oranges. doz......20<tf50 Walnuts, per n>.,13<jJ-»
Vegetables— ' - - . -. '¦
Artichokes. doa...E0<573rOltra. rreen. pr &.10<rai3
Beets» doa 1Z'<J 15 Peppers, green. n> 6ew
Beans, white,. Id.. 5® 1 -- Potatoes, p«r lb.. iy »
. Colored, per tb.. 4# 5 Swwt Potatoes 3« i
¦ Lima, per lb..... — & S t'arsnlpa, per doi-lSij" —
Cabbage.- each.... E'y 10 Radishes, dz bchs.l(Vai3
Cauliflowers, each 54J10 Safe, .do* bncii3,.25<&3->
Celery, bunch..... ity— String: Beans. 1T>.. $$iu
Cress, doa bnch»..?0i'o23 Summer j Squash.
Cucumbers, pr dz.l5t?23j per It>.. .......... gffia
Egg Plant. It) 8i61(>|Th,yin«, j>«r Ib....20«IjO
Green Peas. lb 6^10 Turnips, per doa.. 10 3 .j
Lettuce, per doa.. 15®— Tomatoes, per li. 5^ 5
Onions, per Tb.... 3® 5 ...•/..¦•
- Fish— ¦ ¦ ' ' '"¦ - '- ¦ : •'.' ;.";.: ¦
Barracuda .........121?15j • •
Carp sxflo'.Shad «.. M ..'.. M ...10<n —
Codflsh Uaii Sea Bass.. ,..«....—«l5
Flounders Krjj 12, Smelt* ............12B 1 —
Halibut ......10S— Soles ,J0^—
Klngflsh !K$ — Skates.- each S^ II
Mackerel ........ ..15® — Tomcod ....:.— Sli
Do, Horse 12H®—- Clams, gallon-.... 50® —
Perch ........10©12 Do. hardshell. n> S® 10
Pomplno 90*r— Crabs, each......l2Vs@—
Rockflsh .... 12H<5- Do. softshell. da*>^—
Salmon, fresh 2u u'— Mussels. Quart.... 5^13
Do, smoked — CIS Oysters. Cal. X0O.. 4- j go j
Shrimps S'SIO Do, Eastern, dx25^<9
Family Retail Market.
There was little business transacted to-day
In the market for evaporated apples, traders
holding o.t until after election. The under
tone continues quiet at unchanged prices. State
common was quoted at 4ff*ic: prime, 4*i@5Uc;
cho'ce, ;'j'<i6c, and fancy, 6<9<4c.
California ilrled fruits continue Inactive.
PRUNES— Were nominally SH^SVic per pound,
as to slzo and quality.
APRICOTS-Royal. Iltfl4c; Moorpark. ir><J?16c.
PEACHES— Peeled. ie<8£0c; unpeeled. 6<S9c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW TORK. Nov. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20.C05 barrels; exports, 17,531 barrels; sales, 4500
packages. Market was quiet, but no lower.
"WHEAT— Receipts, SS.SOO bushels; no exports;
sales, 4.6S0.00O bushels futures; 200.000 bushels
spot. EDot, steady; No. 2 red, 74V4o f. o. b.
afloat; 77?4c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
S4Hc t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Dujuth, 8S4o
t. o. b. afloat. Options opened firm and higher
on a fresh outbreak of bullish Argentine reports,
but later in the day collapse<l under weak
Liverpool atfvices and a dleposltlon to doubt
the accuracy of Argentine damage news.
Heavy selling for both accounts attended the
late break. The market closed weak at H<2'4c
net decline. March. 82 3-16'S'S24c, closed S2Vic:
May, Sl 3 i®S2 7 ic, closed Sl T »c; November, clotted
77Hc; December. 7S4Q79 11-lGc, closed 7S%c.
HOPS-Qulet.
WOOL— Dull.
HIDES— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, barely steady; No. 7 In
voice. S»»c; mild, quiet: Cordova, 9'- ; '3T13 1 «o.
Futures closed 10 points lower. Total 6ales,
&250 bags, including: November, J7 15; Decem
ber, $7 23; January. $7 30; March, V 40; May,
$7 50; July, J7 60; September, $7 60.
SUGAR — Raw, easy; fair refining. 37ic; centri
fugal. 96 test, 4'HiC; molasses sugar, 3%c. Re
flned, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3112 packages; firm.
State dairy, 13®21c; creamery. 16tf224c; June
creamery. 1Si521c; factory, 134fl6c
EGGS — Receipts. &S23 packages; steady.
Western registered packing, at mark, 17<g20c;
Western, loss off, 12c.
XEW YORK, Nov. t. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser'* London financial cablegram says:
The market here was listless and dull to-day.
The cable chances cut no figure. Speculative
Interest to-day, however, was entirely lacking.
London regarded American securities with
equanimity and Berlin bought Southern Pa
cific, apparently on talk of dividend expecta
tions, but the lack of elasticity in New York
checked the movement. London now awaits
the results of the election without the slightest
London Market.
NEW TORK. Nov. 1— Money on call, strong
at 44®20 per cent; last loan. 10; rullnp rate,
C; prime mercantile paper, 6-26 per cent; ster
ling exchange easy, with actual business In
bnnkers' bills at $4 83H04 £3% for demand and
!4 S0Q4 80»» for sixty days; posted rates. *4 Sl@
4 614 and $4 ES; commercial bills, J4 794^4 SO;
f!iver certificates, 64U@654c: bar silver, 64He;
Mexican dollars, f.04c; Government bonds,
Eteady; State bonds, steady; railroad bonds.
Irregular.
Nezv York Money Market.
M« Manhattan L **
1,425 Metropolitan Street Hallway 137%
W) Mexican Central 12ft
.600 Minneapolis & St Louis 5"
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 97"4
S.C70 Missouri I»aclnc 54%
M'.l.u.. & Ohio 28V»
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 10-i
£90 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 31 & »
.\>w Jersey Central 134
1.965 New York Central 132%
1.02O Xorfolk & Western 36>,
400 Norfolk & Western prefd 76^
13.W0 Xor'iern Pacillc 5"
L6J1 Xotflern Pacific prefd 72Vi
l.CSJ OntT.io & Western 21%
Oifgron Railway & Navigation 42
Ijn-fgon Railway it Navigation pfd. 7S
11,2^2 Pennsylvania 132Vi
S2<t Heading 1 7U »
2,520 lieadlng 1st m'fd t>Hi
300 Reading 2d x>refd 2S
nio Grande Western SO
Rio Grande Western rrefd SO
St Louis & San Francisco 114
St Louis &. San Francisco l6t pfd. CT's
£.600 Pt Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 3Z\
30) St Louis Southwestern 14Vs
1.210 St Louis Southwestern prefd 32
3,240 St I'aul 116
2C9 St Paul rreM 171t fc
St Paul & Omaha 112
15.445 Southern Pacln> 3734
2.10J Southern Railway 12»i
1.150 Southern Railway prefd 56' 4
6ii0 Texas & Pacific 16**
11.220 Union Pacific 6OT4
2.5S5 T'nion Pacillc r.refd 75\i
¦\\aba*h 7*4
5OJ AVaba-sh preM lSVi
C20 AVhfeling & Lake Erie 9 |
1,£45 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 24>4 i
Wisconsin Central 12'i j
100 Third Avenue 10b I
Er^ret-s Companies —
A damn 130 j
American lf'o I
X'nltPd States 45 ;
Weils Fdnro 127 I
Miscellaneous —
420 American Cotton Oil 35 U
American Cotton Oil prefd 81
Arrrrican Malting: 6
200 Amej'can ilaltinc prefd 13
l.H'i American Smelling & Rrflnins 41 |
CC5 American Smelting £ lief prefd 90*4 !
..'. American Spirits IMi 1
American Sjilrlts prefd 17 j
tl2S American Steel H.xvp 22'4 |
2W American Steel Hoop prefd T4^ t i
3,?15 Am. clean Steel & Wire 3ti» j
SW American Steel & Wire prefd 75>4
¥?9 American Tin Plate 22»i I
fi30 American Tin Plate prefd KH \
6.CC-9 American Tobacco f6^ i
American Tobacco prefd 130 j
«M) Anaconda Mininsr Co 44V4 |
11.4J0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit GCS j
l.:<n Colorado Fuel & Iron HH !
2,'SO Continental Tohacco 27Vi i
1,470 Continental Tobacco prefd El |
5.61S Federal Steel 3<s*i
I,0o7 F»<3<»ral Steel prefd 68
General Electric 142
4S3 Glucose Sugar 52^i
Glucose Sjgar prefd 100
1,2*0 Internationa! Paper 20
1.W International Paper prefd 66^
!00 Laclede Gas - 6*4
4.-8 National Hiscuit. 35^
110 National Blscult'prerd Wti
National Lead lt%
National I>»ad prefd SO
3.710 National Steel 19
TOO National Steel prefd 87%
New York Air Brake 121
North American 13^4
Pacific Coast £6
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 64
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
?S0 Pacific Mril 42U
4.S8O People's Gas 93%
1.7S0 Pressed Steel Car 43
Pressed Steel Car prefd Sl\i
110 Pullman Palace Car 189
J10 Standard Rope & Twine 5
17,«4O S-JEHr 123U
..: Sugar prefd 116
2.225 Tennessee Coal & Iron 60H
4.4':0 I'nltM States Leather ll'i
4.KO United States Leather prefd 70%
¦ 1.4'iOV'nited States Rubber 31
....... I'nited States Rubber prefd 94Vi
.• 2V2 West-crn Union 80%
CW Republic Iron & Bteel 134
13) nepublic Iron & Steel prefd 5C',4
.'..I... P C C & St Louis E2
229,oOO Shares sold.
: - . CLOSING BONDS. •
US 2s refunding. N Y Cent lsts 108%
reg ....1O4V4 N J Cent cen 5s. .124
do coup .: 104HiNo Pac 2s 66
do 3s reg 109'*! do 4s 103>j
¦dp- coup .: .1094 'N Y C & St L 4s. ..107
do new 4s rejr....l34H Norf & W con 4».. 97 %
¦do coup .134*i'Or Xav lets 10$
do old 4s reg lln'.j I do 4s 103
• do coup llJHOr S Line 6s 127H
'¦ da 5s ref 112^4 1 <lo con is 114^
<5o coup 112^ Reading gen 4s .... 874
DlS'Of Col 3.6.1s.... 124 '* !R O W lsts 9S4
Atchlson jren 45....100H St L & I M con 5s. 110^4
. do adj 4s 83'i St IiiSF gen 63.124
Can So 2ds .1064 St Paul cons 17<Hi
Ches & Ohio 44s-.-l*> iSt P C & Pac lsts.HS4
do 5« 11R i do 5s 1194
C & N W con 7s. ..1374 Po Pac 4s 81^
do S F deb ts 117H So Ry 6s '..llOVi
Chi Term 4s V2H S Rope & T €s 6S
Colo So 4s 814- Tex & Pac lsts 1144
D & R O Is 934 ! co 2ds 60
Krfe ten 4« T"-i Union Pac 4s 10554
Ft W & D C lsts.. Tl IWabash lsts 1154
Gen Elec 3s 12U I do 2ds 102
Iowa Cent lsts ....114U We^t Shore 4s 112«»
L & Nash uni 4s .. 99 Wis Cent lste S6
M K & T 2ds €64 Vacent 904
dp 4s 924
* MINING BTOCKS.
Chollar 12,Ontarto 6 00
Crown Point OS Ophlr 73
Con Cal & Va J5!Plymouth 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry 70] do prefd 6 60
Hale & Norcross... 25 Eierra Nevada .... 20
Homestake W OOStandard 3 40
Iron Silver b» Union Con 14
Mexican 23 Yellow Jacket li
-BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |West End 91%
Call loans 34'34 | Wis Cent 12
Time loans 44©3] Bonds—
Stocks — jAtchleon 4s 100
Atchlson SIH'N E G & Coke Ss.. C2
do prefd 73HI Mining shares-
Am Sugar 123V* Adventure 5
do prefd Ho4'AHouez Mln Co ... 2M
Bell Telephone ....147 !AmalR Copper 904
Boston & Albany. .247 Atlantic 24
Boeton Elevated ..155 Boston & Mont....31S
Boston & Malna ..190 Butte & Boston.... €5
C D & Q 127% Calumet & Hecla..795
Dom Coal 384 Centennial 16%
do prefd 113 Frnnklln 14U
Fed Steel 384 Humboldt 25
do prefd 67»4 Osceola 794
Fltchburg prefd ...138 IParrct 45
Gen Elec 142',4'Qulncy 155
do prefd ,.l»0 Sama Fe Coriper .. 6%
Mex Cent W Tamarack 255
N E G & Coke 124 Utah Mining ...... 8"K
Old Colony 201'i Winona 3
Old Dominion 214 Wolverines 42&
, Union Pacific 60T.
San J^ancisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday,
<xt ; ej>t fog in the morning; light northwest
Wind. O. H. WILLSON,
• Local Forecast O'flcial.
Arironii — fair Saturday
: Boat&era Calif orela—Fair Saturday; contin
ijed waim; -light aiorfherly wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday. ¦
. I'tah— ra.ir Paturilay.
¦ Northern CattTornla— Fair Saturday; light va
riable wind*; probably fog along the coast In
the morninc- ¦
The pressure has r:i-<?nrapi(llr over the uorth
«rfst«n>'.'poTUoa <>l Um country and fallen along
the <'aH:cr::ia coast;.
The teniixrutur*- In? risen generally over the
Pacific Slope It «u unusually warm in
Southern California to-day.
forecast maile at San . Francisco for thlrtv
hours endirrje nildniKht, NovemOer 3, 1SC0:
Generally : cloudy * weather prevails over the
BOntefa portion at the Pacinc Slope and leg
c3 the C-* ritral California i-oa?t. Elsewhere
•west of the Eoo' -Mountains the weather Is
cleiir. Light rain has :2lien over Washington
£.r.d- NortSiwp^te-rn CTKgoTL.
FORECAST.
•'¦¦¦ FANV FRANCISCO. Nov. % 1900-5 p. m.
. ' CJ-e " folloiii-ir.g • maximum temperatures were
r^T'irtexl . f rojn «.tati£>ns Jn California to-day:
Ern-Ua -'.-.[l-ii.;*:'.*.. 64 tJoa Argeles 92
Tr^r-'nit". .:'..';. "'¦'••i' ' "C Sacramento 6S
lfkif-,P<ir.dfnce: 6S >an Luis Obispo S6
li-.i UJuff. .'..-.. :.„...:. ;0£iib Ditto
liirur.tTajiialriaiE.:.! €3j . :
Sin Francisco- xJata : Maximum temperature.
C4;:i:;i:rimum, £2; rnean, CS.
•WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
CQCfll- iI(?rM!an— Pacifle Time.)
M'caiiicr Report.
OujSU— R<;<x'1i?ts.\ 1'uget Sound, 47.SCS tone: Ore
gon, .3115 tur.p:. Australia, :2.CK3 tons; British
iVoV^.mt'a.' $0.<&*v-tons; Knjjtish, SC27 tons. Total.
lili',3 Cffil,MnakJfljr-* total since January 1 of
!,:$$,.£&. tofts: ' 'Hie receipts of coal for Ovtober,
¦i'lK'i. •¦'. were ' IS2.4M tons, bflnc U',000 tons less
JI-.KM the .mVir.f for October. ISM.
- • Kxpcrt* ¦ of : vrcrduce for the month Tv-fre as
fOUtj-WBJ !*, ¦' -.'¦ .- ' ¦ -'
¦ : \Vie'atr^35;t c l ctlf.' valued at.$668,U8.
: ftarlry— S32.WS <-t!s, valued at J25&.965.
Kfoui^-i;,ir.2 -tbls. : valued at $305,120.
'¦ ; Uritndy— ! 323X gallons S're. valued at J294«.
' Him II..IIIK gaJlons, IZZ cases. valued at
ptflvtjl:.'- ,;.-.:¦• ¦ : ¦ • .
. • yuicksllver— 4:3 f.a^Us. valued at JIS.OCO.
Salmon— Receipts, 2?4, 433 cases, C16 bbls, E2
liJfrpWs.r'^Exporls. 43C.ir4 cases, 5671 bbls, 803
\ha! f- btils. '.<&>: tierce*; 12 le'Es. :
".: LurntJcr-^Receipts; California. ll,9S6,OO0 feet;
trathlngton.-i.UlS.iWO ftttll Oregon. 3,400.000
feet; British Columbia. £0*006 feet. Total, 2S.
fe:;V«X> Teet. : -Exports.. li7.06.332 Teet.
; Receipts \ and exports '. .p? leading staples at
this ptirt for : the inonth of October were as fol
lows: V, ¦'.'•. '" ;... - .""-""- - - .
October Receipts and Exports.
I NEW TORK. Nov. 2.— The following table,
j compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
! Ings at all principal cities for the week ended
November 1, 1900, with the percentages of in
crease and decrease, as compared with the cor
responding week last year:
Percentages,
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,050,412,942 .... 16-3
Boston 116.591.899 .... 22.6
Chicago 121,247.907 7.7
Philadelphia S2.500.238 .... 14.3
St. Louis S2.2C0.875 6.0
1 Pittsburg 33.352,323 0.6
! Baltimore 19.017.3S9 .... 6.4
! San Kranclsco 22.5S6.1&9 7.1
' Cincinnati 13,954.950 .... 8.1
; Kansas City 19.16:\933 23.8
New Orleans 10.2S9.442 17.8
Minneapolis 15.434.54S 11.2 , ....
I>etrolt 8,526.982 9.2
Cleveland 10.146.615 6.8
! Louisville 7.7SS.70O .... 16.8
! Providence 6,537.700 .... 11.5
: Milwaukee 5,200.293 .... 15.1
! St. 1'aul 4.729.S33 .... 24.6
! Buffalo 4.S29.207 .... 16.1
I Omaha 6.173.403 4.1
I Indlunnpolls 6.W9.3S3 .... 6.3
; Columbus, O B,619,80O 6.3
! Savannah 6,474,325 63.7 ....
i Denver 4.267,172 4.9
! Hartford 2.164.532 6.7
1 Richmond 3.116.766 ....
Memphis 3.933,043 40.6
¦Washington 2,004.428 .... 14.1
Peorla 2.341.022 10.4
Rochester 2.072.116 6.3
New Haven 1.319.SSO 13.0
AVorceeter 1.216.455 .... 19.7
Atlanta 2,120,125 .... 2.0
Salt I^ake City 2,300,273 .... 14.8
PprlnpJVld. Mass... 1.429.8S2 10.5
Fort Worth 2.476.S1S E9.4
Portland. Me 1,273.867 10.5
Portland. Or 2.471,730 6.6
•St. Joseph 3.141,658 .... 8.7
Lcs Angeles 2.015.663 15.2- ....
Norfolk 1.573.371 1.1
Syracuse SS7.373 25.5
Dos Molnes 1.504.191 7.1 ....
Nashville 1,259,797 .... 7.4
Wilmington, Del.... 788.415 .... 7.9
Tall River 1.203.S07 9.9
Seranton '¦ 1.203.84S .... 12.0 ,
Grand Rapids 1.109,458 6.0
Augusta, Tia 1,109.301 .... 25.9
Lowell 426,275 .... 46.9
Dayton, 0 1,193.269 15.7
Seattle 2.S09.339 .... 2.4
Tacoma 1.1S7.976 29.5
Spokane 1.114.14G .... S4.2
Sioux City 1.253.3SS 7.0
New Bedford €05,338 2.3
Knoxvllle, Tenn.... 607.000 .... 18.8
Topeka F97.510 139.8
KirminKham 960,834 15.3
Wichita 452.308 3.4 ....
WnKhamton Kti.O&Q 6.3
Lexington. Ky 299,596 V 13.6
Jacksonville, Fla... 14S.169 10.8
Kalamazoo S56.913 .... 6.0
Akron. 0 489,000 17.2
Chattanooga 378.742 .... 7.8
llockford, 111 268.498
Canton. 0 257,700 6.5
Springfield, 0 2S3.919 7.1
Fargu, N. D 3^0,743 10.4
Sioux Falls. S. I>.. 174,423 15.2 ....
Hastings, Nebr 154,387
Fremont, Nebr 100.4C6 .... ....
l>avenport 7S3.599 .... 17.6
Toledo 2.183.534 14.3 ....
Galveston S.213.00O ....
Houston 13,696.042 C3.0 ....
Colorado Sprinps.... 8*0,760 .... ....
Helena [*.'.. 073 .... 24.0
I Evansville S7S.023 6 2
[ Macon S«6.0vO 4.3
: little Rock . 632.797 37.3
Springfield, 111 432,212 .... 7.0
Yuungstown, 0 255.6S8 ..:. 20.5
Totals, i;. S J1.673.134.2S4 .... J2T9
Totals outside N. Y 622.721.342 "5.6
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $14,060,410 .... 6 2
Toronto 9.80S.O8 9 o
j "Winnipeg 2.344.477 23 4
I Halifax 1.570.412 15.6
¦ Hamilton 688,652 .... 22 6
' St. John, N. D C5S.E92 11.7
I Victoria 627.532 .... is : 9
Vancouver 1.150,706 ....
Total S5O.985.515 7777 "iTi
to wants for immediate consumption. Some evi
dence appears of willingness to take specula
tive chances in the movement of a few stand
ard goods, notably of Iron and steel. The
actual resumption of operations In the anthra
cite coal fields has added largely to the work-
Ing force and closing down of a few email
steel plants Is only In the nature of concen
trating operations at more advantageous points
and has not much reduced the number of men
employed. The weather in uome sections has
favored business, but at New York has been
unseasonable, accounting for much of the loss
of 15.3 per cent In bank clearings here. En
couraging signs multiply in the iron Industry.
Strength In Bessemer and gray forge at Pitts
burg showB that the recent Increase in activ
ity of nnlshed forms has at last affected the
market for raw material. Improvement in
domestic buying of pig is the more noticeable
because of decrease in exports. Structural
shapes continue In urgent request, platea ad
vancing with active demand from shipbuild
ers and with talk of a pool to sustain the
price. Bar iron would sell readily at former
prices, but holders grow stubborn. Reports are
current that American concerns have contract
ed for machine shops In Bremen and numerous
brldefs abroad, including some In Africa. Bil
lets at Philadelphia cost JW, which does not
look like reduction in Bteel rails. Buyers In
these lines decided not to wait for election to
place contracts.
There waa also eome recovery In wheat,
started by the statement that Argentine would
net be able to export freely this year because
of the injury to the growing crop, bmall con
cessions are mado by Importers of raw sugar.
Failures for the week were 1SS In the United
States uir.-iinst 183 last year, and 23- In Canada,
aghlnst 25 last year.
. NEW TOIIK, No\-. 2.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
The period of suspense Is nearly dver. Busi
ness has been longing for a free field In which
to leap forward, but restricted buying largely
FOR FlirDAT. KOVEMBKll ¦ .: ; .;.
Flonr. «r ska 45.834 Busar. sk».. ...... SS8
Wheat. Ctls M, 704 Pelts. Mis........ 7S.
Barley, ctls. 4,163:Hldes. tons;..,... 64?
Oats, ctls '-iSO, Chicory, bbU..... . , E0
Butter, ctls....... 143-Hay. ton*.... : rii *., 434
Cheese.: ctls....... 53 Straw. ton»....«^ ¦::S9
Tallow, ctls BC5 U-ool. Bales....... ; Zo ,
U'lne gals........ 21.000 Bran, sks......... X,ito
Leather, rolls.... 112 Ontons, sks....... ISO
Quicksllrer. risks 103. Potatoes, eks..... 1;23
Raisins, bxs...... 4.900- : Beana, Bks....«.. 8.;."^)
Lime, bbls. ....... l$2 Eggs. «oz.. i...... 10,440
Brandy, gsJs t.aoo . ¦ : • -. ••. •' . •• - .; .:¦¦ .
'¦ ¦ ¦¦ OREGON.:: " .../- :: - ¦' :^,\ .
Flour, qr sks..... .ga)^- './¦ ¦\-^'.\^ '*: : 'r.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 8.63c; Powdered, «. 25c; C»ndy Or»n
nlated, 125c; Dry Granulated, 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A, 6.13c; Magnolia A. 5.75c; Extra. C.
5.65c; Golden C. -B-Mc: barrels. 109 more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes, Boc more; SO-lb bars,
10c more. . No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or . Its equivalent. Dominoa, : half-bar
rels. 6.90c; boxes. 7.13c per lb. :
Itecetpts In October were ».«5,0O». petxsda
from the Islands and 9,000.000 pounds from Java.
COAL — Wellington, |J p«r ton; Sonthaeld
Wellington. $3; Seattle. $T; Bryant. 17; Coo*
Bay. $3 50; Wallsend. $3; Co-ooeratlva Wall
send. $S: Cumberland. $13. In. bulk and $1» 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
cel, $12. per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$1S In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$3 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 CO per ton. according to
brand. ¦ ' . . . ' : . - - . ..-:'-•
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnlat Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:. : ,- ':¦.- .
BAGS — Ban Qusntln Ban, 15 83: Calcutta
Grain Bars, Jose and July, SHSMis; Wool
Bags. 2SttG3?Kc: Fleece Twine. 7Ha; Froit
Bags. «H©«4o for wilt* and sT433Kc tor
bleached Jute. ¦ . ; ••;..=¦ ••....¦
PORK— Live Hogs, 5Ho for ioaS, SHo for
medium and 5?4o for large: stocJc Hog> tM
feeders, Sc; dressed Hogs, 7 i i2S^o. . : . ¦ : _
General Merchandise. *
Quotations for all descriptions stand tha sama.
BEET- «C«Ho for Steers and 8®3Ho p«r 1*
Tor Cow*. ¦ .•:•¦.... .;
VEAL-Large. 72JSc: small. IH«3c per' IV
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©7&c; «w«s, •H87o p«*
pound. . • . ¦ . ¦ . -. .. -
LAMB— «©SHe per n>. -•-•;•-¦ = :•/ ;" ; -. .- :
San Francisco Meat Market.
months . ll©12e: Southern Mountain, defective.
• months . »©llc: Humboldt and Mendociao, 1«
©17c; Nevada. 13® 16c per lb. ,
Fall Clli>-San Joaquin. 6H3Sc; do Lambs* f
©9c; MldJls County. S®lQo per lb. ¦
UOPS-UiiSisc per It.. * >\-- - ; V- ;.
Dun's Reviezu of Trade.
SikrrJiiyiicr; Exchange^ as before.
Jl'Jwat dull and featureless. Barley firm.
P^}^d^^a}M[t)ic)^me. Corn held higher.
J^dy^^d^sFtk^^t^ffs : shozv little change.
Chnohs:-higJicr.:\ River Potatoes in large supply and cheap.
Red: cud 'Pink Bccuis in heavy receipt and weak. Other kinds
¦¦ : - : :Jfirin.r. : ' [[ /•'-.:;'. : ;/ : '- ¦'¦".-"
Butter and Eggs bzi'er,wiih accumulating stocks. Cheese steady.
Poultry and Game in. good supply and fair demand.
Cranberries -advancing. Grapes growing scarcer.
Oranges in better supply. Lemons and Limes plentiful.
iYfl. further change in Provisions. Trade active.
Hides riilc firm at tiie. recent advance.
Meat [market shozvs no further, variation.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 2.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
standard California. 6s . 3d(g<s 4%d: wheat In
Paris, holiday; French country markets, quiet;
weather in England, overcast.
COTTON— Uplands, 6s 9-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT — Spot, steady: No. 2 red Western
wlr.ter, 5s lid; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 3Hd;
No 1 California, steady. 6s 4d. Futures, quiet;
December, 6s Vid; February, 6s l^d; March,
Cs l^d.
CORN — Spot, dull: American mixed new. 4s
4Hd. Future, steady; December, 4s ?»d; Jan
uary, 3s 9!id.
LONDON. Nov. 2.— Consols, 93 13-16; silver.
f9 15-16d; French rentes. lOOf 60c: cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 30s 9d; cargoes Walla
Walla. 29s 6d: English country markets, quiet.
TACOMA. Nov. 2.— WHEAT— Dull, un
changed. Blue Stem, 6o»4c: Club. C2Vic
Foreign Markets.-
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 2.— WHEAT— In the local
market there Is very little doing. Exporters are
still taking In all of the Walla Walla wheat
that they can secure at about £2c.
Cleared— Ship Phildelphla, for East London,
South Africa, with 17,S»27 barrels of flour and
37,333 bushels of wheat; bark Nomla, for
¦Queenstown, with 115,755 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Not. 2.— Clearings, $C53.809; bal
ances. $$S,459.
LONDON. Nov. J. — At the wool auction sales
to-day 12.877 bales were offered. There waa
a full attendance. Scoured wools were In in
ci eased demand at dearer rates for the best
qualities. Merinos sold well at 6®10 per cent
bolow the July figures. There waa a harden
ing tendency, due to Increased American and
Continental competition. The home trade ab
sorbed crcssbreds and Cape of Good Hope and
Natals sold readily.
Portland's Business.
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— The week finished up
with the general market for tin In the sama
position as it stood a week ago. Tin. how
ever, experienced a fairly active trade during
the week. To-day under discouraging advices
from abroad and liberal offerings tin brokn
shaiply p.nd closed very weak at $27 25. against
$27 75 last Friday. Piglron warrants were dull
at $S 75@9 75. Lake copper ruled dull at $16 73
©17. Lead and spelter were both dull and
nominally unchanged at $4 37^ and $4 10@4 15
respectively. The brokers' price for lead was
$4 and for copper $16 SGiTltf S>7>i,
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the following prices: Grapes— Red Em
perors, single crates. $140(g2 15. average $172;
clusters, single crates, $2 80^3 10, average $2 95;
Emperors,- single crates, %\ 55@2 10, average
%\ 70; White Emperors, single crates, $1 65@1 70,
average $1 67; Imperial Tokays, single crates,
$160^165. average $162: Tokays, single crates.
tt 30@i 35, average $1 32; Verdelle, single
crates, $125(8145, average $123. Pears— P.
Barry, boxes. $1 B3©2 90, average $2 03; E.
Buerre. boxes. $l<g2 50, average $138: Nells,
boxes. 7uc@$l 30, average $111; Seckels. boxes,
$1600175, average $166; Buerre Clairgeau,
boxes, $140^160, average $144; Buerre Diel,
boxes, U 55@l 70. average $1 61. Four cars sold
to-day. Every Indication of rain.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 1.— The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices at auc
tion to-day for California fruit: Grapes—Cor
nlchons. single crates, $145(3160, average $149;
Tokaxs. single crates, 70c@« «5, average $1 10;
Tokays, double crates, $1 70®4, average $2 51.
Dry, favorable weather. One car sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Nov. 1.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices, for California fruit
sold at auction to-day: Grapes — Red Emperors,
single crates, 40®60c, average B2c; Emperors.
single crates, avergae- sue; Malagas, single
crates, average 35c; Tokays, single crates, av
erage 62c. Persimmons— Boxes, average $1 13.
Four cars sold to-day. Cloudy weather.
New York Metal Market.
SUMMARY: OF THE MARKETS.
consumptive needs appear to be at the bottom
of the demand. Despite the claim that West
ern railroads will not pay $26 per ton for rails.
Chicago advices are that 300,000 tons have
been bought for this account within the past
ten days. Plates are higher on the week and
bars are also firmer, with the mills reported
crowded with orders. Steel billets are in bet
ter call and also higher, although the manu
facturers are expected to let that market re
main an open one.
Wheat. Including flour, shipments for the
week aKpregate 3,612. 421 bushels, asalnst 4,932.-
V78 bushels last week, 3.046,S56 bushels in the
corresponding week of 1S33, 6,773,643 bushels In
1S38. 5,n90,49S bushels in 1S97 and 3,472,979 bush
el« in 1S9G.
From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports are G3.S56,564 bushels. against 72.583.016
bushels last Beason and 73,845,523 bushels in
1SSS-99.
From July 1 to date this season, corn ex
ports are 67.3S0.452 bushels, against '7S.841.300
bushels last season and 60,954, 447 bushels In
1&9S-&9.
Failures for the week In the United States
number 1C5, as against 561 last week; 174 in
this week a year ago- 1S3 In 1S9S and 223 In
1S97.
Canadian failures numbered 26. against 31 last
year. 21 In 1S99. 32 In 1S98 and 34 lp 1S97.
perturbation, regarding the re-election of Mr.
McKlnley as a foregone conclusion, like the
return of Lord Salisbury. There Is no betting
here on the outcome, all offers being on Mc-
Klnley and there being no takers. The con
sol settlement passed off easily and money
Flackened. The market repaid to the bank
some of the borrowed money.
\ CLOSIXG.
Atchlson, Z3M; Canadian Pacific, 89H; Union
Pacific preferred, 77%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 74%; Grand Trunk, 6%: Anaconda, 9V4-
Bar silver, steady, 29 9-lSd.. Money, 2;-j"/3 per
cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance, $137,205,813; gold, $32,346,077.
r'The quiet ard dullne-!3 of the Wool market
seems to be broken. Both In thta market and
Eastern markets there Is more demand «22
more lookine around, and some WooKe An
Ing at fair prices. consider-In* the rimfm"
stances. The indication, are that in the ne^i
two or three weeks we will have a livelv ™™
kct in all the markets of the United I Stftt."
The mills seem to be without Wool an! the
clothiers seem to have only a small «n2ir »
goods. Although Wools seem t»T loir th.°i
? re hl ?c h n ? r . b> M 5 n - tO I 00 P? r ce "t than they
from 1S03 to 1S37. In Europe the sltu*M n ,
also brighter. London sales, now In pro^L.!"
which opened the 9th of October, are wSrted
with a good attendance and comn«ition ?n1
with prices advancing from the open „-"' The
trouble both here and in Europe has been ti .»
the trade in general thought that on a?coSnl
of the tremendous loss of Bheep in Au«tr^i?2
through the drought In 1897 anil is?) ,h», ,k
fine Wools would not go aroSnd. specula!
tors stepped In and paid almost any Vrieefor
that class of Wool. Manufacturers, of course
h 1 d to^? oll . (>w aml lal< i «n good supplies b£
when Wools went to high and there was i
greater demand for low-priced goods they
"^h^P 0 * 1 many BUb «titutes for Wool such
as Bhoddy »and cotton, and that has made the
dullness odthe past ten months. FronT now on
we can ldok for a steady If not an active
"woor S?? 9 *7, no . mln *»y unchanged." "
WOOL— Spring, clip Is quotable as follows
iMnai 1 , 5 ®^ 1 Northera defect ve^
He; Middle County. fr»«. 14316c; Middle County
defective. 12igi4c; Southern Mountain! li
months'. seiOc; Southern Mountain free I
W. B. Eumner £ Co.'s circular says;. "Wet
salted hides show more strength, with a good
demand and a general advance. Dry Hide*
have advanced again and the demand con
tinues. Horse Hides show & much better In
quiry and good stock sells freely. Deerskins
arc also on a good trading basis and sellir*
well. Goatskins meet with a ready demand.
Sheepskins alone are depressed, but sales can
be made."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy ««it#d
Steers. 9^@10o; medium. 8433c; light. 8Vifi9e-
Cowhldrs. 8V4®9c: Stags. 6^c; Salted k'o te :
Salted Veal, 9c: Salted Calf, 10c; Dry HldVa.'
16c; culls, He; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf lMrl7^
culls and brands. 13®14c; Sheepskins shea^I
lings. 20®30c each; short Wool. ZO&ZOa each^
medium. 60®S5c; long Wool, 73c8$l each^ Hors*
Hides, salt, $2 50 for large. *2 for medium. $1 to?
small and oOc for colts; Horse Hides dry II so
for large, $1 25 for medium, fl for small and
25®50c for colts. Deerskins-Summer or r?d
skins. S5c; fan or medium skins. 30c; winterer
thin skins. 17^@2Oc. Goatskins-Prime An
goras. 73c; large and smooth, 60c; medium Sin
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered, 4 844c perHr n2"
1. 3©3V4c: grease. 2fi2Vic P D *
Jacob Wollner's circular says:
Dealers report a very good export demand for
cured meats, sales being very large some days.
Prices show no further change. ' ¦" ' .
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10V4©llc per lb for
>.eavy. 12c for light medium. 13c for light. 14c
for extra light and 15c for sugar cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, im@12c: Mess Beef
112 50 per barrel; extra Mess. $13 60; Family
$13 60; extra Prime Pork. $16; extra clear, $13 50-
Mess. $16; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6*ic per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure. SHic:
10-lb tins, 9?;c; 5-lb tins, 9%e.
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel. 8«4c; three
half barrels, S'^c: one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces
Slic; five tierces. SHc per lb. *
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes. 3e;
4O-50S. "c; C0-60s. 5Uc; 6O-70s. S*ic: 70-SOs. 3%c:
E0-90s. 2%c; 90-lCOs. 2%c; ICOs and over. 2c; ru
bles, Ho premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
quins V*c less than Santa Claras, except KOs
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 6<a
go for Royals and lOgllUc for Moorparks-
Evaporated Apples. 4ii4Vic; sun-dried. 2H'SMc-
Peaches. 4^ig5c for standard. 5®Sc for choice
•and 7©7}Jc for fancy; Pears. 2#7c; Plums,
pitted. 5®64c; unpltted. l^lVic; Nectarines. i%p
6Hc for red and 5Hf?6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for tb«
Mason of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
p»r lb; choice, lie; standard. 8%c; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy. 10V4C per lb: choice. 91*c: standard. S»ic:
prime Sc; unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless.
Co-lb boxes. 6Vfcc; 2-crown loose Muscatels. «c;
2-crown, 6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, $1 50 per box; S-crown, $1 SO; Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. J2 50; Imperial. $3. All
r rices f. o. b. at common shipping; points in
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 637c per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 softshell. lie: No. t. Sc; No. 1 hardshell. 10c;
No 2. 7%c; Almonds, IZ'tlte for paper-shell.
11<&.12Hc for softshell; Peanuts. 5@Sc for East
ern; Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts. 13c; Pecans, 11
C13c; Cocoanuts, $3 Efrg5.
HONEY-Comb. l3H1»i4Hc for bright and 12H
«n?c for light amber: water white extracted.
7?.©Sc; light amber, extracted. 7©7i4c; dark. S
CiGVic P<T lb.
BEESWAX— 24S26C per lb.
PERSIMMONS— 30@6Sc per box.
CRAN BERRIES— Capo Cod. SS 73©9 per bar
rel; C003 Bay, {2 25® 2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3®5 per chest for Urge
and $9.{M0 for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5*g«o per lb.
RASPBERRIES— »4 5(Vu« per chest.
POMEGRANATES— 75c®;i, according to six*
of box.
PLU.M3-20ff40c per box. •
GRAPES— Muscats. Tokays, VerdeUs, black
and other ordinary varieties, 35350c per small
box and 50S65C per crate; Isabellas. In crates.
75cS$l; Cornlchons, In crates, 4Cx£fS5c; Wine
Grapes, nominal.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 25SMc per case; Canta
loupe. SOSTSc per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 13 60®4 50;
Seedlinss. $132 £0: Lemons, I5C&J1 25 for com
mon and $1 50«tf2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes $4® 4 50; California Limes, 40*g5Oc: Ba
nanas." $1 TSQi SO per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@
3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Fresh arrivals of Cranberries are held high,
and a further advance is expected.
There are a good many Oranges offering now,
and crlces are not as firm as they have been.
Lemons and Limes continue weak and plenti
ful.
Offerings of Grapes are very much reduced
and the season Is drawing to a close. Very
few Wine Grapes are seen now.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 2." "5 50c per box for common and
CO'S'SOc for good to choice: Spltzenbergs. GOcQ-fl;
Oregon Spltzenbergs. $1 25'Sl 60.
PEARS— Winter Nells, 50cfl|l; Cooking Pears,
25$ 50c oer box.
QUINCES— 50<g73c per box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage goods— 22V£©24o.
CHEESE — New, 11 He; old. »Jtllo: Toting
America, UH@12Hc; Eastern, 13H@14c; "West
ern, 10® 12c per lb,
EGGS— Quoted at 20@30c for store and 37HO
42%c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. ISSCBc,
Eggs are lower and weak at th<* decline.
The demand has fallen off and stocks ara ac
cumulating.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 22323c: seconds,
21c.
Dairy — Fancy. 21c; good to choice, 20o; com
mon. lSiglSc.
Creamery rub-2WE2%o per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c
Firkin— 1SQ13C.
There Is no change in Cheese.
of fresh are too heavy and dealers make con
cessions to effect Bales.'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail, *l£i 23 for Valley and $2 for
Mountain: Mallard. *4©5; Canvaaback, 14©5;
Sprig, $3<?4; Teal, *2^3; ."Widgeon. 11 aO"5ri 75;
Smalf Duck. |1 60; Gray Geese, |3; White
Geese. |1®1 60; Brant, U 60 for email and 125?
2 25 for large; English Snipe. Sl@l E0; JacK
Snipe. SI; Hare. $1@1 25; Rabbits, tl 25©1 60
for Cottontail and Jl for brueh; .Doves, 60-3 CCo
per dozen. ,
Game continues to coma In freely, yesterday's
receipts being about ISO ska, but there Is a
good demand for sound stock, and arrival* do
not accumulate.
POULTRY— Lire Turkeys, «m4o for Gob
blers and 14315c for Hens; old Turkeys. 119
12tfc; Dressed Turkeys, 15@l7e; Geese, per pair,
fl 6C01 73; Goslings. )1 75@2; Ducks, $3®4 for
old and $2 S0©4 60 for young; Hens, W 6C31 50:
Young Roosters, $4: Old Roosters. $3 C0Q4:
Frytre, J3Q3 50; Broilers, $393 60 for. largo and
12 6033 for small; Pigeons, fl per dozen for old
and \i ZOltl 75 for Squabs.
The Poultry market continues well supplied,
and prices show no particular change. Re*
celpts of Dressed Turkeys are steadily In
creasing. Some poor ones from Oregon sold as
low as i:Hc
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— River Reds, 70030c; Burbanks,
30ff5Oc for Rivers and KcQtl 15 per ctlfor
Salinas and 6*S90c for Oregon; Sweets. EOS^oc
for Rivers and 85@90c for Merced.
ONIONS— 75cg|l 25 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60
ecoc. „
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, S®6c per Id;
String Beans. 4®7c; Li mas, S@3%c per lb; Cab
bate, $1; Tomatoes. 25©SSc; Egg Plant.
35>g>;0c per box; Green Okra, 40<@50c; Green Pep
pers. 25©:0c per box for Chill and 40<S60c for
Bell: Dried Peppers. 10@15c; Carrots. 25<835c
per sack: Summer Squash, 75c@$l for Alameda;
Cucumbers. S5©60c for Alameda: Pickles. $1 60
per box for No. 1 and Jl for No. 2; CJarlic.
43»c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, |7012 per ton.
Onions have again advanced, and are Tery
firm. There is no change in Potatoes, but
river descriptions are In heavy supply and
weak. Vegetables are dull and featureless.
Peas and Beans from Los Angeles sell with
in the Quoted range.
Alfalfa. 9#9ttc; Rap*. :%C3c: Hemp, 4«4#c:
Timothy, 4@4Hc _ , A _
DRIED PEAS— Nile*. » 60©S: Green. *1 80®
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye. $1 E0®l 75.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SHEEP —•Receipts, SOW. Steady; lambs,
stronger; good to choice wethers, $S 90®
4 20; fair to choice mixed. $S 6OQ4; Western
sheep, $3 90®4 20; Texas she«p. 12 60<63 60;
native lambs. $4 25®5 60; Western Iambs, $1 75®
G DO.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, ,23,000; to-morrow.
1S.000; left over. 3000. Average 6c higher, clos
ing weak; top, $4 SO. Mixed and butchers',
14 55® 4 90; good to choice heavy, J4 60® 4 90:
rough heavy, $4 45@4 65; bulk of sales, *4 65®
4 SO. •
cows, $2 60® 4 23; heifers. $2 WH 60; canners,
?1 25<32 40: bulls, $2 50@4 40; calves. J4S6 12H;
Texas fed steers. S4®4 85; grassers. *3 2504 10;
bulls, $3 60®3 25.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1900.
California Fruit Sales.
Bank Clearings.
Nezu 'York Grain and Produce.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Bradstreefs on Trade.
Foreign Futures.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Bradsireet's Financial Review.
THE STOCK MARKET.
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SiLEl
MONDAY. C
MONDAY ...i.Nore»b«r«
At 11 a, in., on th« oremlses. : '
No. 1611 Vallejo St.. between Van Ness *t«w
and Franklin St.. I will sett a. complete con-
tractor's outfit, consisting of 23 head of horses
and mares. «and wagons^ dump carts, harness.,
tools, etc. etc.; also 1 zinc lined scavenger
cart and 1 phaeton. This sale Is peremptory.
3. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
EMtL CO/fJV. AUCTIONEER,
TOYS. DOLLS. NOTIONS. SCHOOL. SUP-
PLIES. STATIONERY. CHRISTilAS GOODS
of every description and lots of them. Come Just
t0 ¦*»• EMIL COHX. Anctlooaer.For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bremo-Quinine Tablets. •
Fell From a Streetcar.
Mrs. Mary McCormick, who resides at
453% Tehama street, received a painful
sprain of the wrist yesterday through a
fall frtm a car. Mrs. McCormick while
alighting from car 1014 of the Folsom
street line tripped and' fell to the pave
ment.
For Mailing: an Obscene Letter.
Edwin 'S. Jones was arrested yesterday
afternoon by United States Marshal Shine
on the charge of having mailed an ob
scene letter to Mrs. Rose Cook of 70 Sec
ond street. Jones denies having written
the letter and says that his arrest waa
brousrht about maliciously.
Skull Fractured by a Fall.
Joseph Tobasco, a cook on the trans
port Ohio, fell through a hatchway on
the vessel last evening and fractured his
skull. He was treated first at the Harbor
Hospital and was later removed to the
Marine Hospital. The physicians regard
his condition as serious.
Highway Robbery.
JAMES TURNER IN THE TOELS.
Notorious Criminal Arrested for
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 2. — James Turner,
a notorious criminal from San Francisco,
is under arrest on a charge of highway
robbery, and as his accomplice has con
fessed Turner is in a bad way. C. 1>.
Canne was knocked down and robbed on
the evening of October 6 by two men,
who secured his water: and other valua
bles. The watch had Canne's monogram
engraved on it and besides the owner
had made a memorandum.
To-day the watch was offered to a >lo
cal pawnbroker. The monogram had been
obliterated, but the number was Intact.
The man who pawned the watch pave the
police a description of 'the. men who soiJ
it to him and the arrest of Turner and
his accomplice quickly followed.
PBOSPEBITY IS POINTED OUT.
Hanna's Statement Showing the Dan
ger of Democratic Doctrints.
ciilCAGO. Nov. 2.— Senator Hanna ls
f$K*S * st»ternent to-night. In which he
paid: • -"¦'• V;
••Official reports of the Department of
Labor show that wages have risen to a
higher-rate than ever before in this coun
try, where labor receives the highest re
fcard and the demand for labor in _all
lima of Industry was never greater. Ke
ports of savings banks show that working
men;, smd women of the land have ln
creased their deposits to J454.O00.O00, as
rornpared with 1836, and the number of de
positors has increased to 832.000.
•Y«t, after .three years of unparalleled
advancement, the people are asked to
u-odo. all- that has been done and to ac
cept all the dangerous propositions which
thiy tour years s»co rejected and with
Union Veterans Indorse Kahn.
At a well attended meeting of the Union
Veteran Democratic Legion held in B'nai
B'rith Hall last night Julius Kahn's pre
vious acts while representing the Fourth
Congressional District In Congress were
indorsed. The legion passed the follow
ing resolution:
Whereas, The Union Veteran Democratic
I>»(rlon of the Fourth Congressional District of
California reoo*nt»es In the Hon. Julius Kahn.
present member In Congress from this district,
a representative devoted to the common in
terests of the people, and one who has cheer
fully endeavored to aid thf soldier element In
the Federal laws; it ts therefore
Resolved, By this legion that we, its mem
bers, do hereby cordially Indorse the actions
of Hon. Julius Kahn and his services as a
member of Congress from the Fourth District
of California and pledge our support to his
election without regard to political preference
for party Interests.
WORK ENTIRELY
ON OFFENSIVE
First Eleven Holds Ball Dur
ing All This Week's
Practice.
A large number pf men are still on tha
Injured list. Practice in the first eleven
has been handicapped through the tem
porary loss of Prlngle. Starr and Duden.
The second eleven Is badly broken up on
account of injured men taken from tha
team. The number of players hurt this
year has been unusually great.
The men were out at practice this even-
Ing, In spite of the sloppy condition of
the field. The cold weather seems to
agree with the team, as the playing has
been faster this week than heretofore.
The interference which has been worked
up within the past few days has been re
markable. The men play together In good
style. It Is a question, however, whether
such fine interference could be kept up
with a strange. eleven in opposition.
In no case this week has the second
eleven been given the ball. The first
eleven has had the privilege of holding
it constantly, with a view of good of
fensive practice. The ends and tackles
have been running with the ball, 'Wotnbie
and Castlehun doing most of th« work In
this line. Warren Smith's end running
has been especially full of snap In recent
practice.
BERKELEY. Nov. t.— The first ©leven
at the State University has got Its In
terference and end running up to a high
state of perfection this week. Practlca
has been entirely on the offensive, and
some good work has been done In this
line. ,••¦¦* >-.* ":•-
license to Marry.
OAKLAND. Nov. 2.— A license to marry
was Issued to-tlay to Ulrich Mueller, aged
38, San Francisco, and Marie Bachman. 3S,
Oakland. M*M
Butts for divorce w*>r* filed yesterday
by Nita E. Boshaw against Len Boehaw
for cruelty. George E. Luce against Ger
atdlne Luce for desertion. Georgiana D.
Mlllett acainst Martin Millett for infidel
ity and Mary Shipley against F. M. Shjp
ley for failure to provide.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Closing Rallies of Democratic Cam
paign to Be Held in Metro
politan Temple.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee has arranged for a mass-meeting at
Metropolitan Temple to-nisrht. at which
Mayor Phelan will be the speaker. Super
visor Joseph Tobin will preside. It will
practically be the last big rally of the
Democratic campaign. •'-
A final rally of Democrats will be held
Monday night in Metropolitan Temple. E
J. Llvernash will be the speaker. He will
deal exclusively with the question of Chi
nese exclusion.
MAYOR PHEIiAN WTLL BE
THE ORATOR TO-NIGHT
Former Los Angeles Pastor Will Fill
tbe Pulpit in the First Uni
tarian Church.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 2.— Word has bwn
received here to the effect that Rev. Burt
Estes Howard has just accepted a call to
the pulpit of the First Unitarian Church
of San Jose. Rev. Mr. Howard was for
merly pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church of I^s Angeles, but became so lib
eral In his views that he resigned after
causing considerable trouble among the
members of his congregation. He then
became a Unitarian. After leaving Los
Angeles he studied for a year in Harvard
and then returned to this State to accept
the chair of economics at Stanford Lnl
verslty. a position which he will continue
to hold in addition to .his San Jose pas
torate.
BTJRT ESTES HOWARD
CALLED TO SAN JOSE
Garret Fort, assistant general passen
ger and ticket agent of the Union Pacific
at Omaha, who came to this city Tuesday
on a business and pleasure trip, was re
moved from the Palace Hotel to the
Southern Pacific Hospital yesterday. Mr.
Fort had complained of ill-health ever
since his arrival here. Yesterday morn
ing a physician was, called and the case
was diagnosed as typhoid fever. This 's
Mr. Fort's first trip to the Pacific Coast.
He Is a very popular railroad man In the
East, having been connected with one of
the big railroad associations in Chicago
for some time prior to -his transfer to
Omaha. It was stated at the hospital last
evening that his condition is quite critical.
Railroad Man Seriously 111.
A mass meeting will be held In the A.
M. E. Zlon Church, 805 Stockton street, to
morrow evening, to discuss the constitu
tionality of the disfranchisement of tho
negro and other questions pertaining to
the good of the colored race. Addresses
will be made by Congressman Kahn, Sam
uel M. Shortridge, George W. Dennis Jr.
and others.
Mass Meeting in Zion Church.
The Supervisors' Committee on Charter
Amendments will meet on the second and
fourth Fridays of each month at 4 o'clock
for the purpose of considering: sugges
tions for proposed amendments to the
charter.
Amendments to Charter.
IvONDON. Nov. 2.— The South African
situation is improving and Lord Roberts
will shortly return to England with a
majority of his staff. Arrangements are
being made in Cape Town to send the
batch of refugees back to Johannesburg,
and accommodation is being provided at
Bloemfonteln for a garrison of 7000.
Nevertheless the activity of the Boers
continues. On October 26 a commando of
300 captured a garrison of thirty men at
Reddersburg, but afterward released
them. Trains from the south to Pretoria
are attacked by tho Boers almost daily.
On October 24 the burghers occupied Kof
feyfontein.
On tho other hand. General Knox has
Inflicted a reverse on General Dewet's
forces near Parris, capturing two guns,
one of them a weapon lost by the Brit
ish in the Sannas post affair.
The daily tale of British casualties is
heavy. During the month of October the
British lost 167 killed In action, including
nfteen officers, seventy-one of whom
died of wounds, 367 of disease, twenty-two
of accidents and ninety-seven captured or
missing, a total almost equal to the
monthly average for the duration of the
war.
The Daily Express publishes a sensa
tional statement that the Boer revival Is
more serious than has hitherto been be-
Heved. and that in consequence Lord Rob
erts' return is likely to be still further
postponed. It says, also, that no con
siderable party of troops will return be
fore January or February, while tho
regimental drafts from England will con
tinue and 5000 horses will be sent out.
The paper definitely declares that the
Bo«rs are well armed and abundantly
supplied with ammunition, and that the
campaign is likely to last another six
months.
In the best Informed quarters, however,
it la asserted that there is no ground
for the pessimism of the Daily Express.
Many Killed, Captured aud
Wounded During
October.
CASUALTIES OF
BRITISH HEAVY
STRIKING MINERS
GO BACK TO WORK
Agreement Entered Into Between Of-
flcials of Lehigh Valley Com
pany and Laborers.
WILKESBARRE, Pa,. Nov. 2.— The offi
cials of the Lehigh Valley Coal Company
and the laborers employed at their Dor
rence and Prospect mines, who went out
on strike yesterday, reached an amicable
agreement to-day and all the men re
turned to work. The striking laborers em
ployed at the Delaware colliery of tha
Delaware & Hudson Company also re
turned to work to-day, the company com
promising with them. It is said that some
of the operators in this section will pay
semi-monthly in the future. The drivers,
runners and doer-tenders at the Pittston
mine, operated by the Delaware, Lacka
wanna & Western Company, quit work
this afternoon. They want shorter hours.
HAZLETON. Pa.. Nov. 2.— Cuyle Broth
ers, stripping contractors, to-day granted
their men an increase of 10 per cent in
wages. All the stripping contractors and
operators of washeries and collieries, with
but one exception, 1 have now complied
with the demands of the Scranton Min
ers' Convention.
William J. Evatt's Case.
The Republican nominee for the Assem
bly in the Thirty-second District is cor
rect in his opinion that The Call is dis
posed to hear both sides of a case. Here
Is Mr. Evatt's side: ' ¦'¦- '
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 2, 1800.
Editor Call: As you are kindly disposed t"
hear both Bides of a case in this political ex
citement. I ask the privilege of Baying a few
words in relation to an item concerning myself
that appeared in The Call of last Wednesday.
1 was born and educated In this city. Since
early manhoon I followed teaming and dray
ing as an occupation for a living, and am still
a member of the Draymen and Teamsters'
Union. I received and accepted the nomina
tion to" represent the Thirty-second District in
the Assembly without pledge or promise, and if
my friend! and the voters of my district see fit
to elect me I will K» to Sacramento in 1901
without a dictator. My chief ambition, backed
by common senae, will be to vote on all ques
tions that pertain to the welfare of our city
and State. Very respectfully.
WILLIAM J. EVATT.
Republican nominee for the Thlrty-stconu As
sembly District, residence 660 Fourth street.
REPUBLICAN CLUB
HOLDS UP A TRAIN
"Teddy's Terrors" Figure in a Sham
Battle as One Feature of Their
Unique Tour.
LOS ANGKLKS, Nov. 2.— On© of the
most remarkable campaign tours which
has ever been made was that of Teddy's
Terrors, a political organization of this
city, which to-day chartered a special
train and made a flying trip over the San
ta Fe's kite-shaped track, traveling
about 150 miles and stopping at thirty
three towns along the route. In each of
the towns speeches were made by mem
bers of the organization and music was
supplied by a brass band and a male
mm rt rt_
The train left Los Angeles at 8 o'clock
this morning and did not return until
midnight. It was composed of two pas
senger coaches and a baggage car and
carried ninety Rough Riders, under tho
command of Captain J. W. F. Diss. Tlio
baggage car was tilled with refreshments
and extra ammunition.
There were a number of unique feat
ures of tho trip. At Lamanda Park the
train was "held up" by members of tho
Amerious Club of Pasadena, who hail
donned black ma.«ks tor tho occasion.
There was a hot exchange of blank
cartridges, the sound of which attracted
a large crowd to the train.
At Santa Anita the Terrors were met
by the school children of the village,
who had walked more than a mile to
greet them. The children presented a
bouquet to Captain Diss.
Great enthusiasm was shown all along
the route, a large number of women be
ing present at each of the stations, and
everywhere cheers were eiven for Mc-
Klnley, Roosevelt and prosperity. Among
iho speakers who addressed the crowda
from the rear platform of the train were:
Byron Oliver, Oscar Lawler. George P.
Adams Fred M. Smith, W. J. Variel, R.
D. Wade, H. W. Chases. Captain Diss, W.
T. Rarrett. F. J. Thomas. Alexander Mc-
Klegan, G. N. Griffen. J. G. Mott. Leo
Youngworth and C. Osborne,
The towns' visited were as follows: La
manda Park, Santa Aniia, Monrovia,
West Duarte. Azusa. Glendora, Lords
burg. North Pomona, Claremont, North
Ontario, North Cucamonga. Etiwanda,
Rlalto. San Bernardino, Patton, High
land, East Highland, Mentone, Redlands,
K street, San Bernardino, Colton, River
side. Casa Blanca, Arlington, Corona,
Creary (Rincon), Olive, Orange, Santa
Ana, Anaheim, Fullerton.
Campfire and Bean Banquet.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 2.— The Army and
Navy Rrpublican League closed the cam
paign in this city to-night with a campfire
and bean banquet at its headquarters.
There was a large crowd and much en
thusiasm. Daniel M. Ginley presided. Ad
dresses were made by William A. Sea
man, commander in chief of the Army and
Navy League of California; Congressman
Loud, and Frank G. McGowan, candidate
for elector.
Oratory and a Smoker.
SAN RAFAEL., Nov. 2.— The Demo
crats of this city closed their campaign
with a rally in the Cochrane-McNear
Hall to-night. The meeting was ad
dressed by Hon. James W. Cochrane.
James F. Farraher, District Attorney
Hugh J. Mcl8aacs, Louis F. Dunand and
J. Emmet Hayden. The speakers were
enthusiastically received. At the conclu
sion of the meeting a smoker was held.
Graves at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 2.— William Graves
of San Luis Obispo, Democratic nominee
for Congress, and R. M. Fitzgerald spoke
at the opera-house to-night, discussing:
the issues of the campaign from a Demo
cratic standpoint.
RECRUIT AT PRESIDIO
ATTACKED BY SMAIXPOX
Disease Develops in Post Hospital
and He la Removed to Deten
tion Camp.
Otto Sheets, a recruit from Cincinnati,
was taken to the Presidio post hospital
several days ago and a day or so later
symptoms of smallpox appeared and rap-
Idlv developed. Yesterday he was re
moVed from the hospital to the detention
camp and three hospital corps men were
detailed to care for him. Every care has
been taken to prevent the disease spread
ing
The final papers of fifty-three volunteers
have been made out and to-day they will
receive their discharges. Thirty-live of
the men came home on the Meade.
The twelve-Inch barbette guns were
tested yesterday by Captain Crozter ana
found to be In first-class working order.
These guns are on the hills surrounding
Fort WInfield Scott.
Captain Albert Stelnhauser, Ignited
States Volunteers, received his discharge
yesterday and returned to his home at
New Ulm. Minn.
Lieutenant I»uls T. Hess, assistant sur
geon, pnd Acting Assistant Surgeon C. F.
de Mey hav» been granted leave of ab
sence for thirty days. !,¦
Acting Assistant Surgeons Jonas 8.
White and John C. Lewis have been or
dered home for annulment of contract.
'XAFHINOTON. Nov. 2-Tt r»» stated
to-<iay In quarters well vci'Btfl in Chinese
sfTairs' that outbid" of the questions ot
if.ciemnity, punishments, etc.. now und^r
negotiation at Peking, there are three
vital arid far-reaching questions to be de
termined, viz:
First; the removal of the Empress Dow
f-g^r, personally and through the ip.fluenoo
Of h*r "advisers, from all participation In
the Chinese 'Government; second, the crc
»'ion (if»n Indemnity fund by the in
crease of China's customs revenue, eith?r
hy the payment of the duties in gold m
t-tead of depreciated silver as at present,
or «>lsV by doubling the present Mlvtr
duties from 5 per cent to 10 per cent aJ
valorem: and third, the establishment of
a MinlrtVr of Foreign Affairs in pmce of
Abe old .and xumbereome system of thj
Ts'ing 11 . Yameri.
The demand for the retirement of th<?
.Empress Dowirger is *«id to result from
the- co*)<-l-usiori. now generally a<?crinr«l,
that' th*. imperial Government of China
was '.responsible for the Boxer uprising.
A? th* Empress Dowaccr was tho ruling
authority of the Imperial Government
rturing the uprising this rerponsibllity n
brought home directly to her. There is
understood to be no purpose, however.
to A-fs.it upon her any personal punisnmf nt
<>r fnaignitv. but morrly to so form tie
fecoristructrd. fJovernm^nt a* to exclude
¦hpr from aJl participation in it. It is
deemed aflylsable for that reason that sne
should rem»m permanently away from
Peking and that hr-r .advisers also shoulJ
TO.: kept away from the seat of govern
ment.:. '¦'' • .'•¦ -
Th« plan of doubling China's customs
duiips has arttcn from the need of Iinding
i.ffiurcto pay the war indemnities which
lhp-. various power* drmand. It app^ri?,
however, that the increase of the dutirs
ha? heretofore been brought to the a»
tention of th* United States Government
f'VU Hurig Chang. This was during hH
visit to Washington a few years ago,
when .It was represented that the 5 per
Cfnt was fixed in 1*.> by the treaties with
th" United 'States and other countries and
:« ; a« -payable .In pilvr. at which time sii
:Vtr*a» worth as much a.« gold. But with
the : changed value between silver and
gold LI Hung <-'hang pointed out that
China's 3 per cent duty in stiver actually
netted only about 2 1 ,* per cent, judged by
the" prevailing gold standard. The ma>
•trT'•»•*» not pressed at the time. China's
present customs revenues are said to be
already pledged to meet the interest and
principal of Chinese loans, so that it will
r«»QUire torn; entirely new source to rmct
the Indemnities. Iu case the enlarged
duties are determined upon it !-• under
stood that thHr collection will be placed
under the supervision of the powers, at
least until. the Indemnities are paid The
t.iatv of substituting a Minister of * on-ign
Affairs in place of the Tsung I: Yamea
hAs long be^ji eo-ntemplated. as ioreis'r
representatives have found it very dilii
cult to deal with this 'mixed body and to
locate responsibility upon it, particularly
during the- Boxer troubles.
LONDON Nov. 3.— Th" Shanghai cor
r*cpond«'nt of the Times says that an i;n
iw-rial f-dict appoints Lla Kun Yi, Viceroy
of Nankin, and Chi Ki Tung. Viceroy of
Hankow, to »>e additional peace eommirf-
Blorr*T« oh b» half of China.
-¦PAOTIN.G-FU, Oct. 26.— The commission
of lnouiry into. the outrages on mfssion
arirs here has sentenced to death Titfn
Yang the provincial judge: Wang Huji<?
On the military commandant; General
Kluand two other officials. German and
French troops will garrison Paoting-Fu
for the winter. The preparations are com-
Blete for destroying. October 27. the most
Venerated' temple in the city.
Demands on China Include
the Removal of the
Old Woman.
POWERS BLAME
THE EMPRESS
them others equally dangerous and humil
iating. Hy the rcadoption at Kansas City
of the Chicago platform all its diancerous
doctrines of financial dishonor, repudia
tion and disorder are reopened and, as if
to emphasize the menace wi.ich free sil
ver offered to every industry, and espe
cially to our wage-earners, that particu
lar feature of the platform was reaffirmed
in the most explicit terms possible.
•"Thus every dangor threatened by the
united partis of distress, discontent and
dishonor in 1RT*6 is assured in lf*"0. Not
only is It proposed that our universal
prosperity shall be abandoned, employ
ment curtailed, savings of citizens and
earnings of wnrkingmen cut in half by an
unsound finance and a policy of lawless
ness and disorder encourasrod. but the rec
ord of American valor achieved in an tin
avoidable war for humanity and the very
honor of the flag are to be abandoned.
"While adhering to the dangerous
financial policies of lROfi Mr. Bryan refuses
to state what his methods would be re
garding the payment of sacred obliga
tion? and those of our people. He in
dorse? the policy which disfranchises mil
lions of citizens In the South. He charges
the administration with supporting slav
ery in Philippines territory, when he
knows that It implictly refuses to sanc
tion or permit It. Ho complains of an
army of less than 1W.O0O men when the
flag is bring assailed and when he knows
that our army was created by Democratic
as well as Republican votes, and that it is
to revert to its former size within eight
months. He appeals to workingm*»n with
the doctrin<v? of the socialist and anar
chist and makes as his chief allies men
notorious in the entire country for their
support of vice and defiance of law and
order."
NEW YOBK STATE SAFE.
Tammany Hall Realizes the Cause of
Bryan Is Hopeless.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2— From a source
considered reliable the Herald learned to
day that at a meeting of Democratic
managers at Tammany Hall the cause of
Bryan had been admitted to be hopeless.
Reports of district leaders for the rlty
show that it was Impossible for a plural
ity to be rolled for Bryan. Mr. Crokor
has been boasting of fiO.OOO In the Greater
cities. These both showed that it would
be far under 30.000.
' From another source, deemed equally
worthy of belief, the Herald heard, by
! way of Albany, that Senator Murphy and
Richard Oroker on karning the figures
for Albany County had confessed that
the State was hopelessly lost to Brvan.
In confirmation of these reports William
E. Curtis. Washington correspondent of
I the Chicago Record, sends the following
I to his paper:
"Mr. Croker practically gave up the
; fight for the Presidency this afternoon.
i After receiving reports from Tammany
I leaders in a!! the election districts in
j Greater New York and the result of their
I final canvass, the best he could do was
to figure out 31,000 majority for Bryan In
New York proper. 2200 in Queens and 1500
In Richmond counties, while reports from
Brooklyn show a probable Republican
majority of 15.000 in Kings. I have these
figures from unquestioned authority, al
! though Mr. Croker himself refused to
I verify them, and said they were 'all
I rot.' "
IEVING M. SCOTT AT IONE.
Voters of Amador.
Builder of the Oregon Talks to the
IONE, Nov. 2.— The reception given to
Irving M. Scott of tho Union Iron Works
here to-night was a memorable event in
the history of the town. Large delega
tions came from all over the lower por
tions of Amador County and listened to
the able arguments of the builder of the
Oregon. Bonfires blazed and anvils
boomed. The large Agricultural Pavilion
was packed to the doors. Mr. Scott spoke
for an hour and a half on the Issues of the
camapign and was constantly interrupted
by the enthusiasm of his hearers.
Senator John !•'. Davis presided. He
made a trenchant reply to Mr. Gibson of
Stockton on the Porto Rican act, and his
prediction that by the votes of tho Amer
ican people the only wheels to stop on
election day would be the wheels In Bry
an's head was received with uproarious
applsuse.
P. L. Seward, Republican candidate for
the Assembly, and \V. 11. Amiek, Republi
can candidate for Supervisor, also ad
dressed the meeting.
Arizona Nomine© for Congress Not
DEMOCRATIC PREDICAMENT.
Eligible to Office.
• TUCSON, Ariz., Nov. 2.— There Is con :
sternatlon In the inner circles of Arizona
Democracy, owing to the fact that the
law of the last Arizona Legislature which
requires citizens' names to be on the
Great Register before they can be electors
and to pay a tax of 12 60 to entitle them
to reftfstratlon. it is held that candidates
for office whose names do not appear an
the Register are ineligible for election.
Mark A. Smith's name does not appear
on the Great Register, hence he is not a
voter or elector and Is held ihellgible to
take office as delegate to Congress if
elected, which leaves the. field to N. O.
Murphy, the Republican nominee, and Da
vidson, the Prohibition candidate.
we may be excused for not STaspIni? the
magnificent significance of these affairs.
But it is true that creditor nations are
not so liable to panics, and when they do
come feel thorn with less severity than
debtor nations. During the panics of
1S73. I, as an individual tradesman, did
not feel the disasters because I was out
Of debt. So it Is with nations.
"I want supporters of Mr. Bryan to tell
how they will be benefited by retrans
formlng this country into a debtor na
tion. But I warn you as patriotic Amer
icans, do not do it unless you can benefit
our country.
"Upon tho grold standard foundation
other countries are coming to us to bor
row, and the world is paying Interest
to us.
"The dream of American statesmen and
financiers has been that the day should
come when the world's commercial clear
lnje-house shall be transferred from the
British Isles to the United States. For a
century and a quarter the world's com
mercial balance sheet has been settled in
London. Now It has left the Thames and
to-day Is located in New York. Now the
bill of exchange, no matter where drawn.
Is Fettled In New York and the world's
commerce settles its balances there.
Would It benefit any citizen of this na
tion to chajiKf this condition of affairs?
The fourth result of our sold standard
legislation Is to give us control of the
markets of the world. We could not ac
complish that before because we did not
have cheap capital. There was only one
other way to economize cost of produc
tion, and that was by a reduction of la
bor's wage; but Americans do not take
kindly to that. We have no Kings or
Emperors here. We want labor to stand
higher than any place on thla round
world. Now, by the reduction of the pub
lic debt .to a 2 per cent basis, capital, that
OAND. Nov. 2— It Is feared I^ee C. Duff's spine has been seriously
¦-)r:rrd from football practice at the I'nlversity of California. Duff Is
• .w at an Oakland hospital and under the care of several physician?,
..t in spite of all of their care paralysis h;is been gradually creeping
real until: he Is helpless from his shoulders down.
r ** jpne of the most 'promising members of th«» freshmen team, and
; --r nably have been sriven a place on the college eleven had it not been for
-a He was a graduate of the Oakland High School, where he had a high
: "--e -*?'-. an athlete. •
. sry came In practice. wh»n he was thrown heavily upon his back and in
«uae ¦¦>< . - y his ppine Fustalned such a shock that paralysis gradually crept upon
•- -.r.il .his removal to a hospital became necessary-. Duff will never be able
:. football, even If he recovers from his Injury.
OAKLAND. Nov. 2.— Rev. R. W. .
Fraser. pastor of the Brooklyn
Presbyterian Church, delivered
an address this evening on the
subject of China. Rev. Mr.
Fraser was a missionary for two and a
half years In China, He was stationed
most of the time at Paottng-Fu. where
he designed and helped to build the mis
sionary buildups which were destroyed
during the recent Boxer uprising. Several
of his companions were killed by the Box
ers, Including a young lady missionary.
The lecturer was attired In the costume
of a Chinese scholar and made a striking
appearance. The dress consisted of a lon>?
body garment of blue silk, hanging from
the* shoulders and extending below the
knees. Over this was a Jacket of red.
He wore a cap and the regulation pig
tall. Rev. Mr. Fraser looked altogether
like a high-class Chinese. He "aid in
part:
The people of this country hs.ve a «n-eat mis
conception of the character of the people of
China the country Itself and Its resources.
They are apt to think the people are a* they
are here— members almost entirely of the labor-
Ins clacs. You will find that the Chinese are
an intellectual people.
It is within the present century that Chrfs-
¦
-tlan missions w»r* first Ptartcd Jn China. Tor
th*- first fifty years the r>rr?K 1 1 mm was *>xpeed-
Ir.gly slow. But the la*t flftr years ha* seen
tli» whole country dotted with Christian mis
*!on stations. There are S0O.0OO Christian com
iminlcants. A great many have accepted th«
faith, but have not Identified themselves ac
tively with the church. Ther« are hundreds of
Christian schools, where ynunir men an edu
cated for conrmerelal and professional life.
It Is a mistake to suppose that the ml§«tnn
ary is obnoxious to th» people. As a foreigner
hp may »>». but when the purpose there Is un
derstood they -welcome him gladly. Of eours«
the missionaries have made mistakes. Th»y
have invoiced the civil authority to protect
themselves and the native converts, and as a
consequence when the srfwemments of th« re
srective missionaries have seized a slice cf
territory as compensation It has tended tr>
arouse distrust and hatred. But it can b#
clearly proved that this last trouble has been
due almost entirely to their innate aversion
and hatred of foreigners and foreign invasion.
What the future will be will Jarjrelv depend
upon the action by the powers now Interested.
RuFsla. I think. Is determined to control th»
whole of China. All the evidence pcinti that
way. For years she has be»n qu!»tly prepar
ing for an emerjr^ncy. Prior to this war »h»
hud n»arly lfO.OA soldiers distributed alon* th<?
rorthern frontier of China and her Siberian
ra!!rr>ad was built, not f*> much tn utilize %
pert at Vladivostok to the best advantage
s:< it was to enable her to mass her troops
fcr descent upon China.
REV. R. W. FRASER. FORMER MISSIONARY TO CHINA. WHO AD
DRESSED THE CONGREGATION OF THE BROOKLYN PRESBY
TERIAN CHURCH ON THE CHINESE. .
LEE CALHOUN DUFF OF THE CALIFORNIA UNIVERSITY S FOOT
BA^ TEAM. WHO IS AFFLICTED WITH PARALYSIS. RESULTANT
FjROSl AN INJURY TO HIS SPINE RECEIVED IN PRACTICE GAME.
the <?old Democracy In its fight against
Kryanlsm. to-night addressed the largest
and most enthusiastic audience which has
assembled during the national campaign
in Oakland. The exposition building was
packed. For two hours the eminent ex
ponent of the gold standard held his hear
ers in closest attention. His speech was a
masterpiece of eloquent, Intelligent, log
ical and entertaining argument. Colonel
Iri.<=h Introduced himself to his hearers,
lie was alone on the platform, and stood
there chairman and orator of this unique
meeting. At the outset he said: "I repre
sent what Is known as the Gold Democ
racy, or, as I call them, the "Honor Bright
Democracy.' " Then ne continued:
"When In 1ST»6 the party went astray we
refused to follow those who had aban
doned the principles of Jefferson, Jackson
and Cleveland. This year in every
State north of Mason and Dixon's
line we are, as in 18!)5, offering ourselves
as a bridge over which our country may
pass from peril to safety. In 189 ! < every
m»"mbpr of the Republican party was com
mitted to sound money, and abides by
that faith now. The executive committee
of the Sound Money league has secured
a gold standard foundation for our Gov
ernment, and has in view other iinancial
measures which will assist still further In
straightening out the tangles which have
existed since tho middle of the civil war.
"Four years ago Bryan said If he were
beaten and the gold standard affirmed the
schools would be closed, that the people
would be shoeless and without clothes,
that all prices would fall as surely as a
Ftone falls that is cast Into the air, that
more mills would be closed, more men
be thrown out of employment and there
would be desperation, starvation and
crime.
"Every man, woman and child in this
nation knows that Bryan's prophecies
were false and foolish. Prices have risen
and mills are open and the number of new
ones has doubled. Instead of more men
out of work there are now more wage
earners better employed than in any other
nation under the sun.
••We secured the adoption of the gold
standard. What has occurred? That leg
islation makes every bond of the United
States payable in gold coin, with every
dollar of national debt refundable in
bonds hearing 2 per cent, and those bonds
at a premium of 4*4 per cent in the money
markets of the world. The gold stand
ard has given us tho best public credit
ever enjoyed by any nation from the days
of the Assyrian. No nation has had a
public credit that pells Its 2 per cent bonds
at a premium of 4*2 per cent.
"Bryan has said 'The gold standard
shall endure only until I get the power to
destroy it." Let his followers ask them
selves how they will be benefited by his
destruction of the gold standard and the
public credit? How are you going to gain
by increasing the interest on the public
debt and by ruining our nation's credit?
England at her best estate has never been
able to do better than to fund at 3 per
cent consols and they have only been
above par at the narrow margin of 1 per
cent. During the last ten months they
have sold below par.
"Th'? next result we have from the cold
standard is the transformation from a
debtor to a creditor nation of the United
States. Bryan has Raid England wanted
the pold standard because she was a cred
itor nation. If the argument was good
then it is good now. During the last
right months Germany has come to us to
sell her bonds. Kngland has sold $20,000.
noo In the United States and Is to-day pay-
Ing us Interest— and not us paying to her.
Sweden has come to us for money. Amer
ican capital has control of the great sub
way transportation system of London.
American capital is building the railroads
of Switzerland.
"Wo stand so close to these events that
OAKLAND. Nov. 2.— With neither
brass band nor fireworks nor
other ordinary or extraordinary
paraphernalia to attract the
multitude to a political demon
stration John P. Irish, a representative of
Eloqmept Chamnipaoe off the Gold Standard
Botlhiuises Immense AMdaemce by Ar=
raSginaing 1 Bryan asm,
twin partner of labor, has been cheap
ened. Even with an increase In wages of
labor we have so cheapened capital that
the conquest of the markets of the world
has been made and within twelve months
we passed our only rival, Great Britain,
and stand the primate of the world's
"Bryan says the gold standard, the
foundation of these majestic results, shall
last only as long as he has the power to
destroy it. Speaking to Democrats call-
Ing themselves such and supporting Bryan
I say that to maintain the gold standard
was the duty of Cleveland and Carll6le.
but a sodden and besotted leadership of
Tfllmans. AUgelds. Vesta, Morgans and
Bryans held that party by the throat and
prevented it from doing what a Repub
lican Congress accomplished."
Colonel Irish then discussed Bryan's at
titude toward the three branches of go\
ernment and declared it was the policy
of the Bryanltes as manifested in the
Chlcapo and the Kansas City platforms
to destroy the independent judiciary, to
wreck the true theory of a separate legis
lative department and to abridge the
right of the executive veto by interposing
a system of direct lesrislatlon. which the
.speaker contended would, with the aboli
tion of the writ of injunction, work these
ends. Continuing Colonel Irish said:
"Four years ago Bryan told the people
he was the reincarnation of Thomas Jel
ferson. lie was trying then to lead the
Jeffersoninn Democrats into his popullstic
fold. This year he could not conjure U3,
so he is after the Republicans as the re
incarnation of Abraham I-Jneoln. I don't
want them to follow this pied piper of
Nebraska, with his song about the con
sent of the governed and self-government.
He needn't talk about Lincoln and self
government. Lincoln said the negro was
a human being and to deny self-govern
ment to a negro Is to deny self-govern
ment to all men. I challenge Mr. Bryan
to go to the public plaza of South Caro
lina and quote Mr. Lincoln. He would get
a colder reception there than the New
York ire trust could give him.
"When he was asked about North Caro
lina's dlsenfranchisement of the negro he
replied. 'Read tho Sulu treaty.'
"On my personal responsibility I say
that Mr. Bryan has never been able in a
legitimate vocation to earn enough to pro
vide for his own family. As he never
could do that, it is a sealed mystery to
him how any man can succeed. So he is
satisfied to style the great captains who
have established our great industrial sys
tem as rascals and thieves.
"Now, this problem of expansion would
never have been upon us if it had not been
for Bryan's advocacy of the treaty of
Paris. . If you support Bryan on the anti
imperialistic issue remember this, that If
he win3 the South, from which he expects
120 electoral votes, will never permit him
to abandon th» Philippines. The South to
a man is in favor of expansion. Mr. Bry
an is introducing the gold-brick and saw
dust packape Into American politics.
There will be no change until the Ameri
can people have soberly and wisely solved
this problem.
"And to talk about making an empire
out of a republic. Free men. contented,
happy and prosperous, never could mako
such a chance. The Bryans of Rome paved
the way for the Imperial Caesar. With
their demogogic cries of discontent, with
their raising of class against class, with
their destructive policies they paved the
way. first to chaos, confusion and civil
strife — then Caesar marched In. That was
Imperialism.
"What, my good old Democratic friends,
has the leadership of this quack and em
pyrlc from Nebraska cost the party? It
has lost us eighteen seats In the Senate
of the United States. We have not a Dem
ocratic Senator nor a Democratic Gov
ernor nor a Democratic Legislature In a
Northern State, and seven seats In the
Senate are filled by Republicans from the
south of Mason and DIxon's line. This is
the result of the vocal manifestation of a
diseased ambition. I implore you Repub
licans to help us. so that when this man Is
beaten and hurled we may have !n this
United States two constitutional parties,
both of which shall be working for the
nation's happiness, differing only in their
method of attaining that end."
AMERICA THE WORLD'S CLEARING
HOUSE, ASSERTS JOHN P. IRISH
fHE SA1S T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1900.
Declares Russia Has Long Souirfiit
¦¦C— ? d?
to ¦ Control Whole .of China.
MISSIONARY FRASER TALKS
OF AFFAIRS IN THE ORIENT
PARALYSIS CREEPS UPON
LEE DUFF OF CALIFORNIA
Freshman FootbaM PHaye-r Helpless
. From |njiflry to Has SpSme.
JOHN P. IRISH.
Thoto by Taber.
11
obtained the only
Grand Prize
awarded solely for toilet
soap at the
Paris
Exhibition,
1900.
TJiis is the highest award
obtainable for anything.
Pears' Soap has obtained
21 International awards.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1900.
12
HELP AVAXTED-MALE.
A-WANTED^ > ~ N ~*
¦ Bread and cake baker, country shop. $50 and
found; farmer and wife for orchard, Sonoma
County, |40; 4 wood choppers, Santa Cruz Co..
4-foot red and pine wood, 80c and $1 a cord,
year's Job; German to wait and tend bar,
hotel, city, $20 and found; carpenter, short
Job. J2 25 a day. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay at.
A NORWEGIAN or Swedish family can get a
good house and barn ln the county for the
winter; rent free; 20 acres of farming land
for rent If desired near town; good road:
healthy location and good water. Address
P. O. box 274, Santa Cruz. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman for Loa Angeles: $S0
per month salary. ALFRED LILIEXFELD.
80S Market st.
COATMAKERS — Highest union prices; free sit-
ting room. ALFRED LILIEXTHAL, 903 Mar-
ket st.
SALESMAN for boys' furnishing goods. Ap-
ply before 8:30 a. m. at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S.
718 Market St.
A TIRST-CLASS boys' and chlldren'a clothing
talesman. RAPHAEL'S (Inc.).
1 WANTED— Good barber at COS Broadway for
Saturday.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 715 Davis
street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
good guarantee. 1048 McAllister St.
BARBER for Saturday; $3 from 9 a. m. to 10
P- m.; steady If suitable. 623 Clay st
BARBER wanted on Saturday from 4 to 10 p.
m.. at 812 Battery st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; steady.
623 Union at
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 131 Third St.
BARBER Bhop wanted ln good country town.
M. J. BILVEIRA, 1000 Seventh St., Oakland.
BRIGHT active boy wanted to learn glove
business aa a trade. Address box 23. Call.
WANTED-Furrler. Apply at 1200 Geary st7,
after 7 p. m.
YOUNG man to sell goods In town* near San
Francisco. Call 10 a. m.. room 6. 113 Stockton.
WANTED-fitrong boy. $8. 174 Townaend Bt
WANTED— Second cook. New Washington
Hotel. S84 Fourth et.
DISHWASHER wanted. People's Restaurant
631 Clay at
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
sklns. UKCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. •
WANTED— A flrst-class carriage blacksmith,
must understand woodwork; steady Job year
round: unmarried preferred. Apply 265 Ste-
venson St., city, or Bay View Carriage Fac-
tory. San Rafael.
WAXTED— Superintendent for sawmill and gen-
eral work connected with lumber business;
must ba thoroughly competent, conversant
with all the details of lumber trade and cap-
able of managing a large business; none but
practical men with large experience and flrst-
class references need apply. Address, giving
experience, salary expected, X Y Z. box 3S31.
Call offlce; all communications confidential.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento st. near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming '
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED — A young man to act as floor
walker; one with good address and sterling
• habits; for Welnstock. Lubln & Co., Sacra-
mento. Apply at 623 Market St., near First
between 2 and 3 p. m.
WAXTED— A thoroughly experienced clothing
salesman; cne who can talk Portuguese; for
Sacramento. Apply at 523 Market St.. room 7.
between 2 and ip. m.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required: positions guaranteed: special
inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Boy In an insurance offlce about 14
years old: must be graduate grammar school.
Address box 13. Call offlce.
PF.NSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old. reliable
firm, S06 Market, rm. 40. Phelan bldg. ; pen-
sion vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
CARRIAGE painters wanted. J504 Folsom St.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman; state refer-
ences. Address box 6, Call offlce.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. X. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23o
to EOc. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men ln San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation; no pain; par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
MOUSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade HorEe Market
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— Pair young mules; medium size;
i lady drives single or double. 434 Merrlmac
! St., Oakland; forenoons.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folsom st. S.F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE, 8 rooms and bath; lot 23x137. 1715 Ed-
dy st, near Pierce; price $4250.
MODERN house 6 rooms, decorated, bath, large
yard, basement: grand marine view; rent $25.
2325 Leavenworth st, near Lombard.
HVrKOTISM.
PROF. DILLOX. considered by the press and
publio as America's greatest hypnotist;
teaches hypnotism scientifically ln class or
private: all rervous diseases and bad habits
cured without the use of drugs. 324 O'Karrell.
COMPLETE course Instructions and diploma.
5 lessons, $5; cigarette and other bad habits
cured. PROFESSOR E. W. RAYMOND. 997
Market St. : hours 2 to 6 dally.
___________
LOST— Lady's gold watch and fob, initials L.
M. S. on case and elephant on fob. Reward
for return to 757A Howard st.
LOST— On Eighth st, near Mission, Nov. I,
mink fur. Finder please return to 118 Eighth
st. and receive reword.
LOST — November 2, small round gold box
marked "Emille." Address box 28, Call of.-
flce; reward.
LOST — Lady's gold watch, key winder, Elgin
movement. ' Return 622 Polk; liberal reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savlngg
snd Loan Society of San Francisco, ln tha
name of MURCY B. WADDELL. Xo. 201-198.
The finder will please return to bank. Octo-
ber 31, 1900.
LOST— Lady's silver watch; Initials L. L. oa
back. Return 1414 Turk st, receive reward.
$100,000 TO loan on watches, diamonds, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave.
AIKUICAL. ~~
DK. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles 7
specialists; 82 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at offlce; ladies treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use It with satisfaction: perf»ct-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 10IS Mar-
ket, opp. 6th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tatlon free. After all others fail call on him.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable-
cure ¥>: have treated thousands of cases with
fJ^T" 8 ?; u , y° ars ' Practice ln S. F.; low fees.
1007% Market st.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist- 25 yrs/
practice: treatment at office. »5; any ail-
ment; consultation free; guaranteed 94»
Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln. " * "
IMPORTANT notice for ladle«-Help for the
poor; call on a physician with men's knowl-
edge: every woman her own physician; can be
used home. DR. POPPER. 323 Kearny st.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tlon, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ted; send for testimonials; advice free Ba ni-
. tarlum, 704 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
M IV B -.v D ?- K:OHL - " 7 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth-Safe and reliable ladies' phvslclan-
treatment. $5; positive cure guaranteed
MRS DR. ALLEN. 1CS5 Market-Ladles' spe-
clallst; safe and sure cure. *5; be«t care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free
clallat; hom '
DR. WISE, the ladles' socialist tils Market st
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERsTengines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
ICOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 62S and 630 Clay st. near Kearny. has
Just started: storekeepers can be supplied wun
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
orders by mail attended to^ __^__
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 down and $5
per month; write for catalogue and P"ce.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st; rentals, new machines. S3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st. j
A PAIR solitaire diamond sleeve buttons for
$W. cost originally $20, at UNCLE HARRIS .
15 Grant a\-e. .
5-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine.
$150: can be seen running at 623 Golden
Cate ave.
"WATER-POWER shake mill at a bargain: fine
chance for winter's business: terms easy or
exchange. M. GRIFFIX. 719 Market, nr. Call.
BILLIAJtD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete; dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
18 O'Farrell at.
FINE rait. $10; dress pants. $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t.
A— $3 50 DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Plnf.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDIXE'B. J20 Fremont st
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, oom-
plete: cheap. H. 8. WHITE. 518 Mission st
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 00. Portland Loan Offlce. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— Xew and second hand. THE HER-
MAXX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD' & BRECK. 131 Post st
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAXD photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
SAFES— New and second hand; all «lzes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 100-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCISLLAXEOUS WAXT9.
1 WANTED — To buy. a set of ship's carpenter
tools ln good condition. Apply at IS'i Clara.
WE ara paying for dry rabbit and Belgian
hare skins :\,c to 8»ic per lb. HERMAN
WALDECK CO.. 38 Clay st.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins, Jewelry, etc., bought;
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn; phone Black 1201.
L. SPARBER & SON removed 634 Mission stj
pay highest prices for tools and machinery.
; GOOD duclc dog. well broken. Box 3502. Call
offlce.
WANTED — Upright clano for cash. H. I_
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
LADIES' and gents'cast-oft clothing bought & !
sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 119L ;
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
a-brao and books. 109 Sixth St.: tel. Jessie 14L
HO M i K V TO LO AX.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests ln Estates
Undivided Interests in -Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAX MURPHY. 630 Market.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do ,
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
'their friendship: do business with strangera
and you will be better satisfied; no delay: no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16, nrst floor.
Chronicle building, HALLORAN & OLSEX.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
e*t rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st; tel. Main 1G44. Branch 13 Third st.
A— JOOO.OOO OX city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, stiver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9, respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ANY cmount by private party on furniture and
Pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, 301 Jones St., corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with;
f-mall monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY, 222 Sansonie St.. room 2.
1 — — — —^ .
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 3C5 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianos; 3 per
cent; no removal; no commis'n. 6 Eddy, r. 81.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St., room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. S3 Taylor st
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indoraer. MORRELL, 603 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
3IOXEY WANTED.
WANTED— To borrow, J1J0O; 6 per cent per an-
num; real estate security. Box g. Call offlce.
3IUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
WE have a new lot of interchangeable tune
Olympia music boxes, playing 15 tunes with-
out stopping. They are the best thing of tha
kind ever offered. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO
769 Market at •
WE want you to call, and see the bargain- we
have. Flno second-hand pianos for $100 IIC0
$175, $200. $300. $3iO. Beautiful new ones for
3204 to {850. All pianos sold on easy pay-
ments If you desire, and you can at any Urn*
"change for a new Decker & Son.
BY a special arrangement with the manufac-
turers we are now enabled to give 12 tunes
with each Olympia music box sold by us
hereafter, and a discount of 10 per cent will
be allowed on tune discs when one dozen or
m ,°i e o. are bou S ht a t « time. MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO.. 769 Market St., agents.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzr'g
J^ Ve VS » rtv , n «« e of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Brron Mauzy Planw, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
™,hu ? n as been tDe best offered to the
public for the past three years. A large size
Beautifully finished, full-toned piano? w?t n
t\?n ** nd c w ver> warran ted tor five years, for
*3oO. $0 cash and $G per month. This U not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY, Bole A_e«
Sohmer & Co., Byron Mauzy, Gabler Spell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 80S. 310. 312 Post
A rT J AV Ur S ha^ S .c ! 0f v planos at SHERMAN.
Sf^F & CO.'S have the privilege of exl
changing for a STEINWAY My time within
three years and full purchase price allowed-
the best makers of every trade to select from-
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. $8 per month :
qmSy^vP'^/ST * 3 ' w and » P" month
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
Ban Francisco: corner Broadway and Thlr-
toenth sts., Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHaIe'S? M°
28 and 30 O-FarreU st.: pianos, organs and
all other muMcal instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
WANTED — Good second-hand upright ntarm
from $30 to $100 cash. Box 22. Cafl office?
BAD luck forces me to sell my piano cheao
to save storage. Room a. Flood building.
PARTY going to New York must sacrince ele-
gant upright grand piano. 332 Turk st
BEST rent stock ln city; new pianos- $3 oer
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. 560 Hayes at
XXwft °t. ar>y Pe "' ns5 - HEIyE
MLLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
I E^ GANT f 1 hmer . u *> ri s n t good as new, and
other great bargains. BRUEXN. 203 Post st
F «,L 3 ' P f ed fv Uprlsht plano = sacrificed on ao-
count of sickness. 907 McAllister at
A cleaning out of pianos for storage- dirt cheaD-
! installments. Wilson's Stora_ef 1710" Market
BCSIXT3SS CIIA5CES CONTINUED.
A BAKERY, candy, echoo! books, notions; bar-
gain; cheap rent. COWING _ CO.. 719 Mar-
ket st.
A — COAL, wood and grain business; fine loca-
tion; snap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st j
A— ROOMING-HOUSE: fine Ioca7lon~f"bargain
tills day. See COWING & CO.. 718 Market st.
A-6HOE store; good location; clears 1500 to $600
ma ; bargain. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A— GROCERY and bar; best ever offered for
sale. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Bt
A — SALOON do-wntown: money maker; come
quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A— SODA water business for one-half its value;
sickness. COW1N-O & CO.. 719 Market Bt.
A— LIVERY and boarding stable; park location;
god chance. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— PLUMBING shop: fine location; snap for
rood man. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— RESTAURANT ln best part of city; must
be ecld this day. COWING. 719 Market et.
A— BAKERY; clearing $200 per month; snap.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
SEALED bids for the bar, restaurant, hat
and cloak rooms and other privileges for the
Kairle's carnival ball at the Mechanics' Pa-
vilion, November 28, will be opened at_ the
nu-eting of the committee at B'nal B nth
building on November 13. at 3 o'clock p. m.
Bids must lw accompanied by a certified
check for half of the amount. For further
jartlculars apply to GL'S POHLMAXN, Sec-
retary. 23S Sutter et
$10.000— SOUND Investment; one of the best-
raying merchandise businesses ln Oakland;
established for years; safe and profitable In-
vestment; half cash, balarce ln property. E.
E. BUXCE. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
HALF Interest ln restaurant and coffee-house.
413 Market St.; grand offer for right man;
serving 600 for lunch: email rent; everything
new; trial allowed for Investigation.
FOR SALE— An established, well-paying gen-
eral mercantile business within K5 miles of
this city: splendid opportunity: stock on hand
about JCOOO; terms cash. Address box 10, Call.
RESTAURANT- for sale; situated ln good busi-
ness street. Call at 62 Eaet st.
SALOON for Bale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 Eaet et.. north of Market; no agents.
$450- RESTAURANT; fine morning and evening
trade- in ct-mplete running order; present
owner 4 years; investigate. 2S3 Sixth St.
STATIONERY and notion More for sale; three
; Hvinp rooms; laundry office; no acenta. 410
Turk rL
OYSTER and chop house: well fitted up: 2 fur-
nished rooms; doinp cood business; going
j East; no agents. :Ci Third et.
i FINE large store to !et on O'Farrell st.. near
: Powell; suitable for any business; cheap rent
! Apply at IS Grant ave.
' RESTAURANT and chicken ranch, both in
I cood running order; incubators and brooders.
! Inquire 2137 Center St.. East Berkeley.
SALOON on -water front for sale. Apply at 4
Washington st.
BARBER ehop for sale. S5 Market et; can be
used for other purposes.
INSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
CALL business office.
RARE business chance; day saloon; rent cheap;
no agents. 200 Clay; wholesale district
CLASSIFIED advertisements snd subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2IC0 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOM
Valencia st.
L.ODGI.\G-IIOL 7 SES FOIl SALE.
iT^OOMsT^enirjIT^Tcheap) $450
!*•< rooms; rent JiO (corner) 600
IS rooms; rent $60 (central) 900
SO rooms; rent $100 (paying) 2700
€0 rooms; rent $2^0 (Market) E500
Large list of houses. Money loaned buyers
nt 2 per cent. SCHWEINHARD & CO..
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market bet. tth and 6th.
A— 22-ROOM rooming, house; central $1000
2<v-roorn houee; nrst class 1050
11-room house; $475; 6-room flat 325
10-room house; Eddy: rent $75; only 900
FIFHER & CO., 1C32 Market et
ROOMING house of 17 rooms on account of
pickness; cheap. 120A Eddy st
SIXTH. 142— Nicely furnished sunny house of
S rooms: selling reasonable.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS.
ALL kinds cf -wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SOX. 2117 Missicn st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for eale cheap. J32 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nej=5». work & driving horses, loth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice ln all affairs of life.
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun..Wed..Frl.
ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanently*
E13 Edoy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. LESTER, 521 Turk St.; circles Sun..
Tues., Fri., 8 p. m. ; dev. clr. Wed. eve, 25c.
MRS. KOTTER'S circle to-night: test to all,
10c; sittings daily; ladies. 50c; gents. $1. 34 6th.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and eerd reader. 132 Sixth st, room 1.
MRS. J. J. WHITNET, clairvoyant, test, busl-
r.ess medium, life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Mkt
EDWARD EARLE, psychic 12S Powell et. ;
hours, 9 to f-; Sunday at K. of P. Hall.
CONSULT Watson. 1581 Mkt.. nr. 12th; famous
medium and palmist: advice infallible; 25c up.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mn. C. J.
Meyer, tlttings; convincing tests to-night; 10c I
BUSINESS medium. 2908 Otis et.. bet Mason &
Russell. Ashby sta.. S. Berkeley; elt. daily.
CLAlKVrt YAM'S.
J MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
rtader. born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm and clair. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs in life; eatlsfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third st., next Examiner.
MP.S. J. LYTTOX, clairvoyant and card reader;
readings, 50c; sitting, $1; every afternoon ex-
cept Funiiay. 110 Turk st; no sign.
ilK!?»E. SANDERS. E14 Taylor St.. near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladies' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m.; Fri., 8; ctr., 25c.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
LINCOLN, occult student and clairvoyant; the
wonder of the age; consult him: you will
never reeret It. Parlors 125 Turk st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 425 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium': 23c up. £23 Mission st., nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reade.% moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken,
MME. VALEEN, clair., card reader, palmist;
lucky charms. 25c up. 215 Leavenworth St.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card render; 2Cc and 50c. 7 Seventh.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past
present, future. 25c 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader;
Eittin_s daily. 44S'/ 2 Jessie st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25e. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth ft.
CARPET HKA'I'IXG AXIJ CLEAXI.\G.
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 2jc per pair; carpents cleaned,
3j yd. : laying a specialty. Phone Mission 100.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAITLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 253-357 Tehama Bt. ; tel. South 40...
CAHPETR cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at Ec.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet -Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 234. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CON'KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 833 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; consult'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
** OG HOSPITALS. ~~
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine. 75c; city vlslte, $1 50; all
animals treated r dogs boarded. Tel. West 628.
DKKSSMAKEltS A.XD SEAJXSTIIESSES
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex^-
amlne work; send for circular. 1236 Market
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut 1019 Market st
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A^MURRAY^fe' RE AD YrT^TT^one^MaJiTaiii
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Turner and bench hand for Nevada
Timber man for mine
Carpenters, city $3 50 day
Carpenters, bridge and trestle work.»70 and fd
"Wagron-makers and wood workers.... $2 £0 day
Turner and band sawyer Blacksmiths
Band sawyer and filer Tank cooper
6 stablemen and buggy washers, city 'and
country $30 and $35 and found, and $50
25 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
Milkers and butter-makers $30 and found
40 laborers and teamsters $1 75 to *2 day
Milker and wife Farmers and wives
150 tlemakers 10c, lie. 12c and 13c each
150 woodchoppers. 76c to |3 per cord, tools.
cabins and provisions furnished
FOR THE MINES
15 laborers, no experience necessary, $34 and
found: laborers for the furnace, (1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay st
A— SPECIAL; 2 firemen for a mine, $52 60; call
early. MURRAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay at.
A COOK and wife for a small mine....*45 & fd
25 cooks, city and country.. ISO to $60 & fd'
Cook and dishwasher; cook and waiter, same
country hotel
man for delicatessen store $45 and found
second and third hand bakers; boys to drive
bakery wagons; butcher for shop work and
wagon; laundry help, etc MURRAY &
READY. 634-G36 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 1M Geary St
RAILROAD WORK
: 60 teamsters. R. R. work. Nevada.. $3 00 a day
i 8 stonemasons, R. R. work, Nev..$3 50 a day
Free fare Ship dally... Free fare
6 carpenters $3 00 a day
Screw turner, country sawmill.. $15 and found
Stablemen and buggy washers.. $40 & $50 mo.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, $40; third cook, $30; same coun-
try hotel; oysterman, $10 week; butcher for
ranch, $26 and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
DISHWASHER — Strong, active man. country
hotel, |30; free fare; see party here. C. R.
HAXSEX & CO., 104 Geary st
2 AXMEN for surveying party to chop right
of way. $35 per month and found: free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
MAN and wife for small country hotel, $50. C,
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MAN and wife for ranch work. $40. C R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
ITALIAN LABOR SUPPLY CO
24 MONTGOMERY AVB
Furnish mechanics, miners
Railroad men. ranch hands
and woodchoppers at short notice
A-4 CARPENTERS. S cabinetmakers, 10
bench hands, 2 sash and door men, shaper
and band sawyer, sticker hand. Mechanics'
.Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny St.. room 9;
non-union mechanics please register; new
jote dally; no offlce fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
A-l BUSHELMAN wanted; Apply S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 718 Market at.
WANTED— A boy to carry an evening paper
route in "Cow Hollow." Call 1912 Larkln
st.. 12 m. • .
BUSHELMAN wanted at E35 Post at A.
XUSSBAUM. i ¦
WANTED— A barber for Saturday afternoon
and Sunday. 1357 Dupont St., near Green.
COMPOSITORS wanted at JALUMSTEIN A
PLATTO PRINTING CO., 310 Hayes at.
FIRST-CLASS hotel barber shop, S revolving
chairs, to rent cheap to a flrst-class barber.
Commercial Hotel, racetrack, Emeryville.
WANTED— A good advertising solicitor for a
monthly publication; refs. Box 24, Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoee. slightly damaged, half
srlce. S62 Mission st. bet. 1st aad 3d sts.
MUSICAL Uf STmraEXTS.
SPECIAL snaps in a few slightly used planoa.
Sea us. BENJ. CtTRTAZ _ SON, 18 O'Far-
rell st.: Chlckering agency and everything
pertaining to music; gymphonlon muatc boxes.
AT KEEFFE*S, 933 Market st. 4 elegant nj>-
rlshts at your own price. Snonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN; must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlbi Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck, Hardman, Con-
over L others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
OFFICKS ASP STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS bulldln?, Kl Market tt—
Light sunny offices, $15 to $20 per month, wltli
light, heat, janitor and use of phone. .,' ¦¦
STORE. 2 rooms. $13: corner store. $17. 323 and.
325 Bryant St.. opposite new factory. ¦ ¦ ; "
SALOON and lodgln? house. Corner First and
Federal sta.. Mall Dock; good Inducements.
23x123 FIRST loft; 25xS0 second loft. 579 and
ES7 Mission St.. opp. Wells-Fargo'a building.
LARGE elegant store and basement. 933 Va-
lencla. st.. near 21st: business center.
- qii_ - ' ¦ --¦;•¦ V ¦¦ -
OIL STOCKS. -™~~~ . ¦ ' .
Bachelors ....; *>
Monarch, Sunset district 40.
Gray Gander. Kern River.* i3.
Ophir ....^.....i... Si
Three States OS
Lone Star ••••••••*•• «*
PORTER a CHEXEY, .
Member of Producers' Oil Exchange. •¦
Stocks, bonds and securities bought and »old.
630 California »t.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited. ¦"•¦•¦
OIL IjANDS FOR SALE.
PROVEN oil lar.ds ln the Kern River field,
for sale; no stock proposition; no -wildcat
scheme; this la sure territory ln the largest
and best known field ln California. If you
want to form a company buy good land on .
the line of the railroad. NEWTON. CARMAX
& SOMES. S. C. MASON, agent.. 11 Mont-
comery St. ¦ '
PAL31ISTRY. —
H. JEROME FOSSELU. scientific palmist. !_>'
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and I 'out: tel. Black 5fil.
MME. XEERGAARD, 700 Post; teL Hyde 2333;
hours l to 5 rv?.. and Sunday by appointment..
patents a>d pensions.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSO.tALS.
GREAT bargains In hair ornaments, combs,
etc.; switches. $1 up; come in; the latest hair
styles only 23c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton,
ASK for unenualed D. F. Black Suede Glo—ea;
SI 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
PRIVATE detectlva work; reasonable rates; l)
years' experience. J. B. RAT, 3S7 JeSate »t
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 234 O'Farrell st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 732;
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty: fine up- :
holstery. IIOPKE BROS.. 313 and 320 Uta st
ELECTRIC lights ln every roonv- Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third «t. near Market: 70O rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; U £0 to $3 per week;
free 'bus- and bags&ge to and from the ftrry.
MME ADA, wonderful gifted healer. U04 Mar-
ket r. 8. 4, cures spinal trouble, rheumatism,
blindness, paralysis and all nervous diseases.
CONSTIPATION— Positive cure by mean* of
the Dilator or Marvelous Blood Circulator: no
drugs or medicine. 9S2 Geary: consult free;
HYGIENIC medicine; acute and chronic In-
valids cured an>l taught how to keep welK ;
DR. J. HERDF.RT REEVE. 2S^ Kearnyjit
SUITS to order on installments; J15 upward;. $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market »t. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
DORKOW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant av.
j DR. LAMOTTE'3 French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 2T.c. all druggists.
LEDEREP.'S Fcamo SHAMPOO. 5c pkg: cant
do without it; hairdressiny, 23c. 123 Stockton.
BUT your coal of LANGE & GOFF, successors
to W. H. Wiseman, 1711 Sacto. ; tel. Sutter 2775.
ELECTROLYSI3 destroys superfluous hair.
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter.
LKDERER'S Quintcnlca hair tonic at Lion
Drug Co.. Market and Stockton. 35c bottle.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and 1 precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALKREDT7MS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Us natural color: $1; at all druggists.
PHTS_C1A~_ AKD SURGEONS.
DrT C. C. O*b0X?rELL— Of flee and reaidenc^
1C21H Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
PROPEUTY AVAXTED.
WANTED — Lodging-house for cash or ex-
changa, fruit and grain farm, with or with-
out improvements, or exchange farms for
home near bay. Apply A. L. "WILLEY. roo— i
IS. 91S Market st. S. F. : offlce hour* 3 to 8.
HEAL ESTATE--CITy--FOR 8ALE -
gT£u'uMBs"eN "_ C<£ .--:-¦.:.-¦•:•
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION! .
AUCTION!
AUCTION! .
AUCTION! •
At onr Salesroom. Monday, November 5. 1900, at
12 O'clock Noon.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER. '¦'¦:.¦'. ¦
Partition Sale. • •'¦ "
NW. cor. Jackson and Drumm «ts. ; Improve-
ments consist of 6 stores and lodglng-hous*
rented to one tenant: $120 per month; lot 60-60.
HAYES-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Administrator's Bale. •¦ •• ¦ ' :
451 and 4S3 Hayes at., near Octa-rta; flat of B
rooms and bath, coal yard and stable; rent* {_».
per month ; lot 23x120 to rear street; subject ta
confirmation by the Superior Court ¦
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
An undivided hair Interest ln the followtag 1
properties, subject to confirmation by the court:
XO. 1. .
ML 543 and 545 Haight st. S. line, near Fill-
more st: 3 2-story bay-window house* .of I
rooms and bath each; rents $7S per month; ce-
ment walks; street accepted; lot 50x120 to- rear
street
KOI
Market st. S. line. bet. Noe and Castro cta.| :
this choice lot Is well situated and rapidly be-
coming choice business property; lot 32:10x121, "
Irregular.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
1123 Green st. S. line, near Flltmor* rt:
choice modern residence of 14 rooms and 2
baths; commanding a marine view; lot U:S-
137:6. ¦ i
DOTTXTOWN INVESTMENT. . ' •
tt, 21 and 28 Mary st. near 5th and Mission
sts.: t two-story houses of « rooms each: al-
ways rented: rents $42 D«r month: wlt_ littl*
outlay these rents could be considerably Im-
proved; lot 40x76:2.
BRYANT-ST. INVESTMENT. ....>'..
K2 and u32Va Bryant St.. N. line, near Id tt :
2 flats of S rooms and bath each: rents $Z9 per .
month: rtreet accepted: lot surveyed and tltl*
guaranteed by the California Title and Insur-
ance Co. : lot 25x«0.
SOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT. ' '.
32 Morris ave., bet Harrison and Bryant. 8th
¦nd 6th «ts. ; Improvements consist of > Cats oC
4 rooms each; rents $27 per month; cement side-
Walk: street accepted; bank mortgage «J $1250
at 6 oer cent can remain.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
3SSS and 39S7 Seventeenth st.. near Junction ot
Market and Castro sts. : this desirable business
property consists of store and rear cotta**;
•treei accepted by the city: lot 50x100.
CHOICE MARKET-ST. LOT.
Market *t.. N. line, near Church St.: lot 2Sx
J2«. lrrerular: street bltumlnlzed and accepted,
by the city.
For further particulara apply at our office.
O. H. UMBSEN ft CO..
'-¦ ¦¦¦• " • * •.*"»'¦¦'"-¦' 14 Montgomery at. ¦ .
LAST chance: the one who makes the nlgiiest
bid gets tha property on Saturday. What
are those 2 choice lots worth to you? Sub-
mit your bid: the cream of Richmond lots;
west side of Sixth ave.. between Clement st.
.and Point Lobos ave.: cars pass ln front: all
ready to build on. I can get $1000 on the tots
at 6 oer cent: flat loan or installments., w. J..
GUNN. 530 California st, between Montgom-
ery and Kearny. ¦
WANTED — To purchase ln Richmond, a cot-
tage residence on the north or west side, not
beyond Tenth avenue. W. J. GUNN. J3>
California at. bet Montgomery and Kearny;
WANTED— To purchase a small residence: i In
the family: Mission. Richmond. Western Ad-
dition or North Beach. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st., bet. Montgomery and Kearny.
IF you have well-located property ln the' Mis-
sion, either vacant lota or nice residence, ant
you really want to sell, then call on the under-
signed. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st . .._.
HAVE you property In the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Them
call on W. J. GUNN. S30 California st.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For. Sal*
FOR sale or exchange for city property: * acre*
flrst-class land, with Improvements, near.
Mountain View. Santa Clara County, Cal.
Inquire of B. E. Burn*. Mountain View, Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main St.. Petaluma. 1
for free copy of Sonoma County b* rgilns;
new edition. <#'-!
EMPLOYMEXT WAJf TED— MALE.
YOUNG man, 33, temperate, reliable, educated,
with business experience, familiar with type-
writing and office work, wants position as of-
flco man, clerk or salesman. Box 2762. . Call.
YOUNG man violinist wishes musical work;
dance work; sporting house or saloon work
accepted: fine tone; plays by note only; terms
very reasonable. Box S87S. Call.
RELIABLE man wishes position to do Janitor
°J.. D<^ ter work ln - morning. Address box
WANTED— Situation aa baker: good helper;
country preferred. 1218 Twenty-sixth St.. Cak-
land.
EXPERIENCED salesman wishes position ln
cigar atore. Address box 17. Call offlce.
TRAVELING man, eight years on road, de-
slrea position ln hotel. Address box 2781. Call.
SI JEJf A X I ?, N wante d by German bartender. Box
S894. Call offlce.
JAPANESE cook wishes position ln private
family. Address MIYOSHI. box 2760. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
FLATS TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 3 rooms; sunny: rent
112 CO; water free. 1365 Sacramento st.
FINE modern flat, 7 rooms and bath. 625 Golden
Gate ave.. bet Van Ness ave. and Franklin.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HO WELL. 10 Montgomery.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave.
UPPER flat of < rooms and bath, J13; on How-
ard St., and upper flat of S rooms and bath.
Btove attached, $12. Apply PATTERSON ft
CO., 170t Market «t
6 SUNNY rooms; 900 Bryant St.. cor. Seventh;
chwtip; apply corner, between 1 and 3 p. m.
" $7-4-ROOM flats on Victor st. oft Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Brvant.
KIIHMITUKE FOR SALES.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak foT^TBoTwlth No.
7 ranee. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket »t.: telephone South 637.
FUKMTUHE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, eto. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln: tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
nELP WANTED FEMALE.
cT^T^XSfsEir^^o7^7^Pr7onr^Sr^£r^
.'....HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, city. $30, s?e party hers, 2 p.
m. ; 5 waitresses, city hotel. $25. and room
out; 2 waitresses, city hotel. J20; restaurant
waitress, 17; 2 chambermaids to wait J20; 4
waitresses, country. $20; chambermaid, south,
120. special rates; and many othen
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
A French second girl for city, $20; house girl
who speaks French for country. J25, faro
paid; working housekeeper, country, JIB: 2
women for cleaning, 3 hours a day, IS a
week; second girl. San Rafael, see party here
at 10:80; choice place for house girl, Oakland,
S2S; and many others for city and country;
young nurse girl, car© of 2 children
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for art em-
broidery goods; one competent to teach em-
broidery preferred. Address L. F., box 26,
Call office.
WANTED— For bindery, girl who understands
running paging machine. TUB HICKS-
JUDD CO.. 23 First st
EXPERIENCED drlvlnc and sheepskin glovo
maker*. F. G. CONKLIN & CO., 413 Sacra-
mento St.
COMPETENT stenographer and bookkeeper for
wholesale house; state reference, experience,
age and salary expected. Box 27, Call offlce.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and downstairs
work. Call in forenoon or after 6 p. m., 2007
Devisadero st, near California.
RESPECTABLE woman wanted to do general
housework at 29 Hartford Bt., between Eigh-
teenth and Nineteenth, Noe and Castro.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. ill
Page st.
WANTED— Girl of 16 years to assist ln light
housework. 807 Van Ness ave., nr. Eddy st
EXPERIENCED body lroner; short hours;
wages $32 60. 251 Jessie St., near Fourth.
WANTED— A good, reliable nurseglrl. Apply
2026 Bush st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
S3S O'Farrell St.
RELIABLE girl to assist ln housework; good
home. 4034 Seventeenth st, near Castro.
WANTED — Experienced vest maker and opera-
tor: steady work and good wages. Apply
1110 Market st
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tor* on dresa and negligee ahlrtsj steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co., 27 Jessie st
HORROYV money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted. 3321 Mission
street.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
83S O'Farrell «t -
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st. between 13th and 14th.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenda nt.
: ; \ : SAX FIIAXCXSCO CALL.
• j-.BEEDCESS OFFICE cf The Pan Francisco
'.<*ail. comer of Market and Third streets, open
'.iuhtil Zi o'clock every eight In the year.
". CRANCn OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street
•rorner :: Ciay; open until 9:30 p. m.
••¦SbO Hayes ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
• Cf^ McAllister street; open until S:30 p. m.
: ' ;• €i£.L«rktn street; open until S:30 p. m.
' : 1.H1 Mission ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
: r;;S2fl ;M.arket- Btreet corner Sixteenth; open
«ntil'8p. -m.
"; if€ Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. re u
''-:- 3626 Valencia etreet; open until » p. m.
: -V -Nortiiwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
¦ Itucfcy streets; ci>en until 9 p. m.
L;..:. IIGBTIXG NOTICES.
• - c7^^ORXIA~CThapter No. 6, R. A. M.. «
::.- will iiieet THIS (SATURDAY) EVEX-^%
: • IXC-; Xavember . 3, at 7M o'clock. TkjT
¦i "it: M,. I*. M. and M. B. M. degrees. ' ~r >
: -By order of the H. P.
./ . .;; ¦ •; , . - FRANKLIN II. DAY. Secretary.
¦ FIDELitY ; Lodce No. 120, F. and A. M. B
: : : -^SoeHal-mwtinc THIS (SATURDAY) -!%_
¦'. .AFTERNOON, at 3 o'clock. First de- XL/?
prw; ¦ Masons .cordially invited. By* ~^
' order of fh? TT. M. ¦
; . :• : FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
-.-ifJSSXQSt Lodge No. 1C3. F. and A. M. «
;¦. ' '¦^•aJled ; meeting THIS (SATURDAY) J%_
¦ ¦¦ :EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second de-JLjT
."-» Er«O . I GEO. D. FLACK. Sec. fV>
; IJOKIC Lodge Xo. CIS, F. and A. M.— »
Slfeet-f 'meeting THIS (SATURDAY) *V
¦ ¦ EVENING; at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- jfLJf\
"¦ 'cree. Uy order of the Master. /^SF >
/ : : . i » J. n. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
: KNIGHTS OF. PYTHIAS— A grand
.rr-ass-rr.eetlEg of the members of the vJH
¦¦ ' order;-. th^tr families ar.d friends. wlU*£^S«
: be be".ij XH13 SATURDAY ETVEN- "«£__il
ING, Nov. 3. at Odd Fellows' Hall. Don't tail.
ET: A.XDRESVS Pocicty annual elec- v <_f >.
' . tfen wUl be held at Scottish Hall. «_• C! J
-¦" 217 Larkin ft. on MONDAY EVEN- ¦"_^X)&*
TSn r November 5. 1S*W. Polls open ~^_?*
¦ .from 7 t-o'S o'clock.
. . .: .' • • WM: -TJALNAVES. President
' ¦'. .'A, R. PATTERSON, gee.
•"•'gCHLATTER'S!-'
¦ •' XHriJM .'rirarins. every Sunday night
-.: ajt. Jloov.er' U.all. 12:7 Market st
.THK California Debris Commission. havin_ re-
: : ,'pelV.ed. .applications to mine by the hydraulic
i jSrex ¦«»•¦*. .ircni the Ca. taract and Wide Went
'-¦'¦ tlr.Tv '-1 Lining Co., in the Wide West Grave
• lli"e, near "Kho. Calaveras Co., to deposit
'. ¦'. 'teHinc? .151 N.-orth Outlet and Prospect Gulch:
.from H.- Slighter and "Thomas Harper, in the
r" . Kan. Frar.olsco Mine, near Todd. Placer Co..
: To .d?pr*it- tailings in Dardanelles Canyon;
• "•.'¦ fr«vrj CJiarles S. Drifen. ln the Rime Point
.; Minp. at. -Grass Flat. Sierra Co.. to deposit .
failing "•-!> Gras? Flat Ravine; from George .
".itr-gerald; In th«- Lnne Star Mina. near Cronv- j
" : t>?TJf: Piumas Co., to deposit tailinitrs in Jack- i
: foil Creek; from G.: A. and F. W. Urucker- ,
: ¦ Tran, in the. Ror.aifsance Mine, near Howland |
: .F4at; .Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings ln a!
' : ¦« orked-mrr rit ; from J. R. Bell and A. B. |
.: Jack*, in the Badger Hill Min*. near Spanish
"" MVusch. . P3Jn:as Co., to deposit tailings in
•• : Vrp'.tlofk " Ravin*; from W. T. Sherman and
¦ O. . F.' Cava. in the Last Chance Mine, near,
" Port AVlneV Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in
.: TYen.--hIta.vlEe: from C. N. Klnrsbury. »n the
: - Cor.jrer Oulch Grave) Mine, near Igo, Shasta
-'¦'. ~''-fn. x to "dep<**il' talllnps ln Dry Creek; from
..: Jihn McGrath, in the Independent Mire, near
¦ Ft.- Louis, Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in
;r:Bfc_I* Ravin*, .and from J. F. Cowdery. ln
.\ -th* Chandlervnie' Mine, near Ft. Louis. Sierra
':'¦''. '<>., to dfix^it taiHr-ps In Sacketi" Gulch, gives
:¦ Jictlf* fhat. a" meeting will be held at room 53,
;: Fiood: building. San FraScisco, Cal., on No-
V»mb«?r 12; 1900. at 1 :30 p. m.
' AlyL can. borrow meney r>n »llks, ell pa'ir.ttnps
; ; nr.iJ tuppies from COLLATERAL BANK, 15
¦¦'. Grant ave. near Market st.
: "¦¦.". . i AGEATS WASTED.
AGENTS trant-ed; ladies or pentlemen ln every
county and town on the Pacific Coast: can
. '. r*?ily! make tin a. week; ho-JFehoM Invention
that every one needs. For particulars address
. : room Zl. S!fi Market Ft., San Fran<-!«eo, Cal.
WE rr!"t visiting card?; ar.y style, I4c 1W, or
: lin^ine.ss cards, 75c Iff; b'.g ce— .mission or
salary- to nirents everywhere. Eastern Import
: Apents' Surrey Co.. H2S Market Ft.. S. F.
A^PHAI^TtM nOOFIXC. j
'j. PELTIER. a*phaJt roofing, ride— alks; cellar !
" .f!<-.<-,r«< laid, rfpa-'-rf-i: pn?tal. 1H5 Mission Ft. |
1
ASTROLOGV.
:MME. 1IICKEY— AFtrolngiFt; horoscopes. 50c;
cQrd reafiir.g and palmistry, "Sc. 1?33 Mission.
: PR.. C. TOUSEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
¦F*r— Free co; y "The New Moon." 76G Market.
f '3
ATTOItXEYS AT LAW.
R. XT. KING, attorney et law. 627 Market et..
r'^om T7— Estates, damages, attachments.
• ' V-kr.krur'O'. ccllecticriF; all case?; fair feoe;
Tin advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
¦ r.o fe* without Fuceess: collections. G. W.
¦HOWE, atty ct lar,-. ?",0 Market, cor. Stockton.
'l--F.r>>V. JARRKTT, Hearst bldg., TUrd and
.Msrke.t FtF. ; phone Red 12C2.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates.
' ; collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
•ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
• .W. Davidson, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
• L. S. CLARK. Kmma Spreckcls b!d_., 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: ecr.sultation free; no fees ln advance.
IJATII CAHIXETS.
: B0BXKSO3V Niagara, :Perfectlon"and^otherT
: W t S. BROWN' CD., agency. 426 Ellli ft., S.F.
tt.DSISJSSS CHA.VCES.
At- TTT.0-*CQFFi;E saloon, oyster and chop house;
i ¦. clcse- to Alcazar Theater: rent fTS; a first-
¦. icliijs. "paying tiufir.ete; eickre8s compels
¦;'. "owner ; to- sacrifice. . See R. G. WILKE. 2C : i
..- ''-' .Kearny; gt. : -.-. -.' ¦ : '
; . A-^t36U)i *aloon on Market ft. ; rent $75, lnclud-
; : - :: ir.p.. Jli furnif-.hed rooms; receipts about
- J.'O::". mercantile' lunch; l<ase; first-class pay-
• .lhg .prrj»c*ition. Particulars R. O. WILKE,
_¦:'&*?: Kesmy «t. ' " • ; . ... " ' .
550; SALOON. «¦ tab., many years, on Fourth
" -vft^ .'rent r tlti 3 living 'rooms; place located
}: ::cfase ip- factories where 159 men employed;
¦¦ ¦« "splendid chane'e and bargain. Particulars
: ;rL G.: WILKE. *€U Kearr.y st :
A— SALOON opp. HaU cf Justice; S years'
. . ileane; low;. rent: Tplenflid bargain; Investigate
' end buy at once; rare chance. Call R. G.
.. WILKE, 2K\i Kearny: st; .
.. U^J^; ; RESTAURANT on Market st: rent
t- v .; a" good-paying '"i&ace; . eickness of wife
¦ /<©mpeie owner to eeil. See it. G. WILKE.
Ktj Kfaray rt. : ; ""'•¦.-¦
:a-*?00;: BUTCHER. Fhop, with horse and cart,
. ; in " best • Location of Western Addition: place
: : Jor years and doing a flrst-class
.¦¦: liusiriess': a splendid '. cnar.ee for any man.
; C-ll R: G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny gt.
;': A-42Q00;. LEADING ealoon: located between
I iwjjolesale house*, insurance and mercantile
- ; : 'offices.; '. place established 40 years; known as
' : '. ;One or the betrt -whisky bars ln this city. Call
;.¦ R.G. WILKE. /S6»fc Kearny et.
\A- tCSO; . : . SALOON- and boarding-house with 10
/fyrnlthed rooms en water front; rent 140; 2
. years'' lease; : a good business. See R. G.
¦ ¦ Vt-TLKE, ".2C1* Aearoy:«t .. : _
:A-53i.O;; CORNER salocn in wholesale district;
; . -jlac* estab. ¦ years ; good paying; no night or
':¦': :¦ f upday work. R..G. WILKE. 2t\j Kearcy gt.
A— t2M:- CIGAR j?tor^ with 4 rooms; rent J25;
r : place clearing J75 per :month. R. G. WILKE, ¦
y]'.-\g\i Keatny «t ': " : "
:.JIO'TE_y ¦ city; -ell new furntture: newly pa-
• . Pf-red ind! j>alnted; clears J200 monthly; big
;: iriducenjeBt to right i«rty; $3000; easy terms.
¦;¦ "-. -Jlutcher ehep; established 7 years; owner
".:¦ !h_* 1 fheps and will Eeil either; $200 and $500;
• i - t-h i: .'.:._ a 1 food buFineea. ¦ .
:.:..: . : RHEINHOLD A SKIRM.
' ¦¦¦".; '-•'¦' .-I--..-" Sn Market »t.. 2d floor, room 218.
:.= DON'T rriiss this opportunity ; 23 secret pro-
¦. '¦'.: <*«?«; for. maKir.K m^ney easy, at home; no
.':"¦-.¦ ¦papttaI-;- ; :-o no canvassing; men.
:• ; 'wenien and children are interested: send at
'•" or.t5e -25c: !n ¦ Oliver or- P. p. monev order to
KUOH &. . RANKOFF. 213 Leavenworth Bt.,
;.:':£ajn Francisco.. .Cal. • I -. ". ;
¦ 1i(&±CB&Gi&EX buslnefts; 400 chickens: tools;
.' •-. :hrjrse;.I wajrons;. rent ' tl2 mo. Baslle. 3 Eddy.
; jl,xW>_ SALOON: near Market: central; full
: :viiue. Ktock: cause. Eiekness. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
' : ': if WELL-ESTABLISHED literar>' publication!
" . wicT!thl>k can be had at a bargain: great op-
... -portunlty for competent rr.an. For-partlcu-
; . " ;lare : aijply box 37G5. Call offlce.
•.¦•ti;o<h-A BARGAIN'; a complete profitable es-
': ; i ta"feHfhed medicine business; value in sight;
' ' suitable :tryr either eex: expertence unneces-
..';'¦ ..*aTyj good reason - for selling. I lux 14, CalL
KRANCII bakery, candy, cigars, notions; good
• *tock ar.d Vusinees; "fine location; 4 living
; rooms: must sell. LANE & CO.; 865 Market.
;; jEtrJT'^-PART^.'ER. wanted in a light, manutao-
V ¦ turi us business ;¦ nure : profit. J7I a month to
- »srh: DONXELLY & CO.. 632 Market Bt.
. •' GROCERY and bar fn «t>od location: stock ln
><irtt' for full, purrhase price. W. L. HAR-
V" I'KIt. 237. Parrot t. bulldln... . ." - '..-'
'¦¦ '$?•&— COFFEE and lunch parlor on MontKomery
: -'.rt:: .bargain.; McLAUGHLlK. 777 Market Bt
' : ' M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market r. L
: . . : icells .all "kinda nf . tnnlnecses. . See him.
• A— .1..:.:...:,.. ....... snap
'; Cnop hca*e. 233 Eighth et .. • ¦ :
¦ A- FIXE coffee house: elegantly .fitted up: mutt
•: "fee.aold to-rday; good location. SO Stockton »t.
'GROCERY and ealoon; at present occupied;
... rent reauonable.' Apply 2850 Twenty-second.
FOR SALTS— 3-chalr barber ehop. Including
.:.- t>at__ . Box U. Call office. ,.;•;/ ; - - .
DENTISTS.
AT~the "elIeCTRO-DEXTA L CLIXIcTsoTMar^
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
93 £-0 up; plates, extractions Tree, }4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSOX, M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE AV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for "0 years; crowns and brldge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 60c;
crowns, $3 £0; plates, full set, $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
por.ltlvely and absolutely without pain. '¦
DrTlUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
1S41 Polk «t ¦
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of terth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices ln S. F.; painless extraction,
cOc. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. t50; catalogue.
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
8.- F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand — If you want to
learn ln a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W, COR-
; XEIJa room 63. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.- day
and e\-ening; Individual Instruction, SS per
month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrott bldg
he would not; be wise.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
ness COLLEGE. 1236 Market st
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, minlng,mech.,eur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
FREXCH, Spanish, otc. Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Post;establd.lS71;ablest profs.
SPANISH, French. German, singing, piano, $2
mo.; hours, 2-4, 6-S. 1238 Market rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y, E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, musio studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION'— PARTIXGTOX'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
lArglng quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkln st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; J5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
E3IPLOYMK.NT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPAXESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best h* lp furn. ; tel. John 2121. 806^4 Stockton.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
JAPAXESE Housecleaning Co.— Walters, cooks,
dishwashers; est. 1S9D. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 378.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chl-
nere help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4UH O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt
EMPLOYMENT WANTED KKMALE.
A PROTESTANT woman, flrst-class cook, ex-
cellent baker, understands housekeeping thor-
oughly, will take full charge for a young or
elderly couple; references If required. -'S3!i
Clara st., near Elxth; basement door.
WANTED— A young lady with experience
wishes a steady position as saleslady; under-
stands any department. 1155 Folsom St.,
near Eighth.
YOUNG lady with fair knowledge of shorthand
and typewriting desires situation ln an office.
Box 9. Call office.
A RELIABLE woman wishes to go out nurs-
ing or housekeeping or work by the day.
Apply 1C62A Mission st
FIRST-CLASS French-German cook desires a
situation ln private family; wages $30; city
or country. Call 1522 Polk Bt
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work ln a roonT
ing house; understands sewing. Address "591
Market st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, wishes posl-
tlon as housekeeper; good care of children.
Call at 68-76 Ellis st.. room 53. bet. 1-3, p. m.
COMPETENT woman wants position to assist
at general housework; references. 208 Eddy.
RELIABLE woman wants general housework,
any kind, by the day, week or month; well
recommended. Address box B, Call Branch,
300 Hayes Bt.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
day. Box 14, Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 00 night, $1 50 to $6
wtek; convenient and respectable; free '.bus
and baggage to and from terry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlHmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10H
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMEXT WAA TED— -M ALeJ
FIRST-CLASS accountant; long experience as
head bookkeeper In transportation offlce con-
trolling extensive warehouse and grain busi-
ness; young, married, finest of references,
bond, etc.: I should be pleased to consider any
proposition, city or country. Box 25, Call.
GASOLIXE engineer; licensed either marine or
stationary; do my own machine work. C O.
Y.. 322 Fourth et.
CHIEF cook wants position ln hotel or res-
taurant; first-class city references. Address
PETERSOX. 615 Larkln st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position aa Jani-
tor; good carpenter if necessary. Box 20, Call.
HOTEL clerk, experienced, wants situation;
day or night Address B. W., box 29, Call.
COOK wants work ln small place o9 would _o
as night cook. 318 Minna st.
THE employment department of the Y. M. C*
A. furnishes only reliable young men. Ma-
eon and Ellis sts.; phone Bush 17.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes place to
take care of horses and carriages; no objec-
tion to greenhouse or to milk a cow; can run
a gasoline engine If required; handy with
tools. For references and personal Interview
address F. F.. box 19. Call office.
COMPETENT young man, 21 years; good in
mathematics; speaking and writing fluently
Spanish, French. German and English; best
references. A. M.. 1S23H Green Bt
MAN working mornings would like to have
some engagement two afternoons a week,
Saturday whole day, or evenlr>s; bond given
If necessary. Address box 3S95, Call offlce.
MAN and wife would like management of
country hotel or mining boarding house; man
cood cook. Box 11, • Call' offlce. .
SIDE line wanted by responsible traveling
salesman for Washington. Idaho. Utah and
Texas. Box 16, Call office.
SJOO.OOO TO loan on diamonds, watches sliver
sealskins, pianos, guns. UXCLE HARRIS
15 Grant ave. '
SINGLE man, understanding citrus and de-
ciduous orchards, stock and general .farm-
ln_, wants to take charge of fruit or graz-
insr ranch; references. Address R. 8.. 41S
Powell st.
VALET, well educated young man 27, desires
Dosltlon as gentleman's valet; speaks 6 lan-
_ua_es and has traveled throughout Europe,
South Africa, British and Dutch India and
China. Box 6, Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wants posl-
tlon, having good knowledge of bookkeeping
with long business- experience ln several lines
and flrst-class references. Address P. N
1*75 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by a good, steady Oep-
man ln private family; take care of horses
and garden; city or country; good references.
Address box 3, Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like to take care of chick-
en ranch; 5 years' experience. Box 15, Call.Builders' Contracts. .
A. Merle (owner) with ; A. D.- Scroggy and C.
O. Gpwing, : lessees, of the Colusa Stone Com
pany (contractors). : architect Frank S. Van
Trees— Sandstone facing for five-story brick
building on lot ; on S line of Mission street.
119 :» W of First street, S 80 by yy $1:8; |4150.
N. S. Martlnovlch to G. A. Dabovlch, lot on S
line of Turk street, S SO degrees 45 minutes, W
£32 from W line of Parker avenue, 8 SO degrees
45 minutes/ W ITS, S 90 degrees 15 minutes,
E S05:7. N 47 degrees 13 minutes, E 63:6%. N
£0 degrees 45 minutes. E 120:414. N 276; also
lots .787 to 796, 923 to 935, Gift Map 2; grant.
George and Bertha Fuchs to Milwaukee Brew
ery of San Francisco, lot on NE line of Juniper
Street. 50 NW of Bryant. NW 25 by NE 85; »16.
Flllppo and Giovanni ronzo to Gulseppe -Pas
tori, lot on S line of Water street, 160:3 E of
Taylor. E 22:9 by S 57:6; $10.
Maurice- Vetterleln to Joseph and . Frank
Vetterleln, lot on NE line of Ninth street.
1Q7:6 NW of Brannan, NW 30 by NE 100; gift.
Jean M. Taylor (Wooster) (wife of James I.)
and Fannie E. Burtls (Wooster) (wife of Rob
ert W.) to J.. W. Wright & Sons - Investment
Corrpany, lot on E line of Thirty-eighth ave
nue. 125 N of A street, N 150 by E 120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Charlea
Stewart (administrator estate Gilbert Shat
tuck, lot on NE corner of A street and Thlrt>-T
eighth avenue. E 207:1. NE 64:6, N 250:5. NW
to a DOint SW 89:6. S 354:3: .
Mary M. B. Martin to Sarah E. Aston, lot on
E line of Eleventh avenue, 150 N of M street,
N CO by E 120; $10.
Harrison Barto to Augueta J. !»mlth, lot on
NW corner of Eighth avenue and N etreet,
W 240 by N 150; olso lot on NW corner of
Twelfth avenue and L street, W 120. N 87, E
120:3. S 91; also lot on XW corner of Eleventh
avenue and L street, W. 120 by N 50; $10.
Oscar Heyman to Julius S. Arnhelm. lot on
E line of Thirty-eighth avenue, 10O S of Q
street. S 100 by E 120: $10.
John Lavin. Catherine McGahey, Jane
O'Keefe, Adelaide lAvin, Thomas and Cath
erine Gannon to Ellen Lavin. lot on NE line
of Sixteenth avenue. 60 SE of P street. SE 23
by NE 100. block SOfi. O'Xeil & Haley Tract; *i
Alameda County.
J. H. and Jennie E. Bratt and Delia M.
Thompson to William and Mary Woodley. lot
on . E line of Shattuck avenue, 76.22 S of Rus
sell-street. S 40, K 110.14, N 40. W 107.73 to
beginning, being lot IS, block C, Adeline Tract,
Berkeley: $550.
Mary R. Morss (single) to Joseph E. and
George D.. Moras, undivided third interest In
lot oa. S line of Alameda avenue. 350 W of
Walnut street, W 50 by S 150. lot 17, In E
half of block E. Map of Property Pioneer
Homestead Association. Alameda: $10.
VMary E. Schiefterlln to Pacific States S. L.
& B. Company, lot on E line of -Fourth ave
nue. 275.6 S of Orchard, S 60 by E 127.15, lot 7,
block J, Stone Tract, Brooklyn Township, quit
claim deed; $1.
HEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
PALACE HOTEL.
L Freund, N Y
II J Furley, Sacto
D Hickmott, Haywrds
T C Brown, Toronto
W J Lletz, S Jose
P Stlckhouse, Pa
Mrs Stlckhouse. Pa
W R Fates, N Y
Mrs Fates, N Y
J P Dering. Chicago
Mrs Derlng. Chicago
C P Hall, Stockton
R G Barton, Fresno
H G Dawson, Stockton
W II Cooper, Berkeley
A M Kelly, Berkeley
J Gamage. Berkeley
W H Holabird, L Ang
R C Glllis, L Ang
W J Lee, L Ang
C P McColm, N T
H T Gage, Sacto
J Leszynsky. N Y
E Gerrard, Seattle
R R Wilson. L Ang
J F Sartorl, L Ang
D T Ward, Ohio
Mre 'Ward, Ohio
H H Appel, L Ang j
W T Fletcher. N Y
W A Junker, Del Mont
C R Miller, U S N
C T Anderson. Redlnds
G Schwartz, Franco
W G Blatt, Detroit
G Worrlll Jr, Boston
Mrs Morrill, Boston
A H Stevenson, Butte
It P Cross, Stanford
E Wlnshlp, U S N
GRAND HOTEL.
A J Larson. Lodl
J I- Frances & w. Sac
J II Leggett & son. Cal
T M Henderson & farfl,
Vancouver
J F Frame, Alaska
H Warren, Nevada •
S Dannenbaum, ValleJ
A A Kmallfleld. Stkton
T G Stewart, Cal
W N Ketchum. Chgo |
W A Watson & w; Cal
G F Lane & w, Chtro
J H Hopkins & w, N Y
J Hopkins. Brooklyn
E R Shunk. Sacto
O Borthwlck, Buffalo
O R Morri?. Nome
B B E>py, Ohio
B B Davis, Ft Wayne
H Wittenberg. Prtlnd
C E Bailey, Ohio
B E Bailey, Ohio
Mrs M E Ford, Ohio
B N Ford, Ohio •
L E Ford. Ohio
O C Hyatt & w, Stktn
D Hollister. Courtland
W H Nichols, Courtld
D D Wardner.' Prtland
Miss L Braden, Cal
J W Brunton, L Ang
Mrs G E Burgess, Pan
ama •
NEW WESTE
A C Pratt, Los Ann -.
Mrs Cunningham, Chic
R Stlener, Boston
C Muller. Bouldln Isld
C W Alexander, Reddg
A E Power & f>\ U A
J B Stuart, Nome ¦
J Cromwell,' Nome '
A B Stonex. Mich >
J X. r>yer. Mich
W Carver, 'Mich *
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
F O'Connor, N T
E I) Flsk, Providence
C B Moore, Chicago
Maj Mackenzie, China
Mr* Mackenzie, China
:B U St.lnman. Sacto
T Flint, S Juan
1) Robinson, Seattle
Miss T<»nny, Sacto
W J Wiley, Palo Alto
W B Rogers. Ohio
W Keuffel, N Y
Mrs Keuifel, N. T
F Hughes, St Louis
Mrs F Hughes. St La
W R Hughes, St Louis
Miss Hughes, 8t Louis
D Achell, Montana
Mrs Achell, Montana.
F Thorbecke, Balto
A , C Carson, Montana
C A Hlckok, N Y
J H Quinn, NY*
H Brown, N T
A Dickinson, London
W Crowdsen, London
M P O'Connor, S Jose
Mrs O'Connor, 8 Job«
A Stelnman, St Louis
F E Castle, N Y
E Munroe, Providence
J M Hedley. B C
A C Blngham, Cal
E A Smith, Mass
Mrs Smith, Mass
F Hanchett, Mass
Mrs Hanchett, Mass
C R Latham, Chicago
J J Leonard. S Cru»
R B Bach. NY
Mrs F Gilbert, Cal
H Warren, Nevada
¦W" W Douglan. Sacto
J M Moran,; Seattle
A J Hamman, Woodld
F H Hiifrhes. P Alto
Mre W C Potts, James
town
MIm Potts, Mills Coleg
Migg Phillips, Mills Col
A J Lawaon, Lodl
\V M Penry Jr. Cal
J S Forrest, S Jose
U W Hoffman, N Y
« A Crandall, Sacto
R H Sellers & w, N Y
F H Coker, Ogden
H M Albery, Colusa
Miss B Schmid. Cal
J Wilson. San Jose
H Cox, Uklah
J H Batcher) Sacto
W F George, Sacto
R W RalDh. S Lake
L llaytas. Iowa
Ci ft Hunter, Iowa
Mrs M Shryor, Bloom
inptnn
C H Con way, Cal
EC Cory. Lodl
E I) Shattuck, Chgo
S P McAdams, Alaska
W'H Brown. Alaska
:rn hotel.
ME Neely, Pa
H A Lonir, Denver
C M Shields, Chicago
E E Henderson, Himo
Miss McDonald, j Portld
C W Thompson. Ohio
Miss B Rlcottl.'N Y
Miss M"Ricottt.'N'T
P J Murtha & w, NY
Miss L Carter, Boston .
CALL CALENDAR.
NOVEMBER. 1900.
B. M. T. W. T. F. 8. Moon's Phases.
r " J 2 3" /C2\ Full Moon,
. 1 — W Novepiber 8.
JL—-LJL — — — Iff Laet Quaker.
U 12 13 14 15 IS 17 November 13.
**. Xew Moon,
18 _19_ _20_ _21_ _22_ _23_ _24_ November 21.
"25" ~2<r ~zT 28 29 30 Tk First Quarter.
J-g November 2».
More than 150 new schoolhouses have
been built in Kansas within the last year.
Thompson is bookkeeper for the firm,
but he showed an Ignorance of what was
In storage in the upper floors and no im
portant evidence was drawn from him.
He said Moorehouse, the missing clerk,
was the only man that knew just what
material was In the building.
Dr. Lederle. health department analyst.
who examined the seven drums found In
the ruins, said to-day they contained ana
line oil, which is only a little less ex
plosive than kerosene.
NEAV YORK, Nov. 2.— The police de
partment has been investigating the list
of persons reported missing: in connection
with the Tarrant fire for the purpose of
getting at a correct list of persons sup
posed to have lost their lives In the flre.
The persons reported were investigated
through the station nearest the address
given and in many cases they were re
ported safe. In some cases the police
could not find the supposed missing per
son at the address given. The list as re
vised to-day shows eighteen persons re
ported mlsslr.g and not accounted tor.
Of these six are not known at Ihe ad
dresses given by the-persons who reported
them missing, i
In the list is the name of Benjamin
Moorehouse, a clerk for Tarrant & Go.
The authorities persist in their belief that
he Is alive and purposely keeping hi-*
whereabouts secret.
"We have detectives out after Mr.
Moorehouse and expect to land him soon,"
said Assistant District Attorney Walsh,
who is assisting in the Fire Marshal's in
vestigation.
Moorehouse's family and neighbors at
Montclair, N. J., are convinced that he
perished in the disaster. A resident of
Montclair, who was in Xew York at the
time of the flre, says "he saw Moorehouao
standing in front of the building directly
after the flre started, but since that time
no one has seen him or heard from him.
The flre department's investigation of tha
explosion closed to-day after the testi
mony of Louis Patterson and George C.
Thompson, employes of Tarrant & Co.,
had been taken.
Bookkeeper for the Firm Ignorant as
to the Quantity of Explo
sives Stored an the
Building.
Police Continue Investiga
tions of the Tarrant
Fire.
MANY PERSONS
STILL MISSING
following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher 27 200 Ophir 79
200 Best & Belcher 27 600 Savage ..?. ID
200 Con Cal & Va..l 051 400 Silver Hill 33
AfternoGn Session.
K00 Best & Belcher 24 600 Sierra Nevada. 24
200 Mexican 31 100 St Louis 10
300 Ophir 80
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Nov. 2—4 D. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 04Jnstlce 03 05
Alta. 02 04!Kentuck 03 04
Andes 07 OS Lady Wash.... — 03
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 31 32
Best & Belcher 23 25'Occldental 08 10
Bullion C2 03Oph)r SO 81
Caledonia ...... 34 3S Overman 06 07
Chollar 15 16 Fotosl 12 13
Challenge Con. 12 14 Savage 18 19
Confidence 60 63 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 05*1 10 Peg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 24 26
Con New York. 01 — Kilver Hill 35 36
Eureka Con . — 45 St Louis — 18
Crown Point... 11 12 Standard $25 3 50
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry. 75 76 Union Con 16 18
Hale & Nor 26 28 Utah OR 09
Julia — 04|Yellow Jacket.. 17 18
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher 2S 2R0 Con Cal & Va..l 10
100 Caledonia 34 IPO Gould & Curry. 76
SCO Chollar 17 100 Yellow Jacket.. 18
Afternoon Session.
!00 Best & Belcher 24 10© Mexican II
- 100 Chollar 16 200 Mexican J2
50 ChoUar 15 500 Ophlr SO
600 Con Cal & Va..l 10 200 Sil\er Hill 35
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1000 California-Standard 29
1300 California-Standard ? 2S
1500 California-Standard 27
2000 California-Standard 25
100 Home QJ1. b o 4 50
100 Home Oil 4 50
10 Homestake v 12 25
S0«) Independence 24
100 Monarch of Arizona 39
ion Monte Cristo 1 35
221 Monte Crlsto 1 40
150 Monte Crlsto 1 45
600 Monts Cristo 1 50
200 Reed Crude Oil Co 51
60 Twenty-eight 2 05
• • Street— •
50 Sterling O & D Co 2 85
500 Four Oil Co 40
1CO0 Monte Cristo 1 60
Afternoon Session,
Board—
1200 California-Standard 23
100 Home Oil 4 60
1E0O Independence, b 30 25
100 Monarch of Arizona 3S
20C Monte Cristo 1 60
100 San Joaquin Oil & Development 9 23
200 Sterling O& I> Co, b 60 3 00
200 Sterling O & D Co 2 95
Street—
150 San Joaquin Oil & Development 9 2a
MINING STOCKS.
Street—
5 Makawell Sugar Co 42 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 37^
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 50
80 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 62V*
3 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 00
S0O Vlgorit, b 10 3 62>4
20 S F Gas &. Electric Co 51 37'4
• Street—
25 Hutchinson S P Co ' 25 50
lib Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 73
20 Makawell Sugar Co '. 4175
$2000 Northern Railway of Cal E 117 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 AJaska Packers' Ansociation 124 75
15 Contra Costa Water 70 »0
15 Contra Costa Water 69 87VJ
SO Contra Costa Water 63 75
5 Contra Costa Water 69 62J£
60 Hutchinson S P Co 23 55
6 Oakland Gas 49 50 '
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — S P K 1st g Rs.105 10S
Do 6s 117 — S P R 6s 13m
N P C R R 6s. 101 - S V Water 6s.U3Vill4U
Do 6s 106^4— Do 4s... 103 102U
N Cal Ry 5s...U17i — Do 3d mtge.102 102H
Oak O L. & H.110 -» Stktn Gas «s.. — 105
Oak Tran 6a.. — 117K
'/% WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69«i 69% Spring Valley. 93?4 94%
Marln County.. 61V4 i —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co Z% — Paq L Co 43H 45
iCqull G L Co. 3Vs 3% Sac El G&RCo 34 40
Mutual El Co. — 10 S F G & E.... 61H 51%
O G L & H.... 43H 49% San Francisco. 4% 5
Pac Gas Imp. 62 52V4lStkn G t E Co r- 11
. INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem'a Fund.226 — /
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 69 72% First Natlonl..294 SCO
Bank of Cal. 40814 — Lon P & A 13SK14O
Cal S D & T.104 105VS Merchants' Ex 16 13
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L..... — 1900 iSav 4 L So... — SI
Hum S & L.. — .— |Sec Sav Bk... — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 61 — -. Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U.... 615 — I
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California .....124 — ,O S L & H 38 —
Geary-st ...... 30 40 Presidio — 22
Market-st — 65J6 1
. . POWDER STOCKS.
California .....— 160 Visrorit 8V4 3%
Giant Con Co. 82% — .
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 — Kilauea S Co. 20*; —
Haw C & S Co 84 - Makaweli S Co 41% 42
Honokaa S Co. 3014 31 Onomea S Co. 23 30
Wuten s f Co. 25V* i6 Paauhau S Co. 31 S2
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. — — Pac A F'A... 2% —
Cal Fruit Asn.l01is — ,Pac C Bor Co. — 152
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 12^ —
Oceanic S Co.. — 93
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar, cash S4 CO
50 Honokaa Sugar: Co 20 75
20 Makawell Sugar Co 4175
J3W0 Market Street Ry 1st Con Cs 119 00
$.';0(K> Oceanic Steamship Bonds 10tf 60 „
100 Paauhau S P Co 31 CO
15 Oas Improvement 52 25 |
IS S F Gas & Electric Co Cl 25
The fstimates submitted in detail are as
follows: Star service, including special
office, $5,580,000: steamboat service. $586,
000; railroad tiansportation, $34,700,000;
railway postofltee cars. $4,861,000; railway
postal clerks, $10,378,749; mail messenger
service, $1,038,000; electric and cable • car
service. $500,000; wagon service in cities,
$800,000; mail equipments, $326,500; miscel
laneous items, $1000; total inland service,
5.'<S.726,249. Foreign mail transportation,
$2,540,000; balances due foreign countries,
$155,000.
The total estimate for all mail trans
portation for the fiscal year ending June
30. 1902, is $61,430,249. being 52,158,610, or 3.64
per cent, more than the current appro
priation.
Relief legislation for families of those
killed In the service is asked and the
creation of a fund to retire on pay a clerk
whose usefulness is cut short by perma
nent disability incurred In the line of
duty. Reorganization and reclasslflcation
of the railway mall service, legislation're
quirinir separation of second-class mail
matter by publishers and legislation for
the punishment of persons who by force
attempt to enter a postal car or assault a
postal clerk on duty are recommended.
No estimate is submitted at this time for
pneumatic tube service or for special fa
cilities on trunk lines.
In the railway mail service, matter too
illegibly or improperly addressed to per
mit delivery amounted to 14,617,234 piece3,
an Increase of over 11,000.
The pneumatic service Investigation, it
Is stated, has developed valuable informa
tion, and the report will be submitted to
Congress soon after It convenes. Pending
that estimates for continuance and ex
tensions of existing service are withheld.
The electric cars have been found a most
advantageous means of providing expe
ditious mail transportation, especially for
suburban towns and In many cities save
the establishment'of w? ""on service.
Letter mail for the Interior of Alaska
was carried last winter by a service that
was reasonably well performed. For the
coming winter the arrangements double
the frequency of dispatches for points
supplied by various overland routes, sup
plying the offices along them with letter
mail four times a month. Mails will be
carried by reindeer this winter from Ea
ton to Kotzebue, a point north of the
Arctic circle. Plans for various overland
routes are announced and the necessity
emphasized of co-operation with the War
Department in opening an ail-American
military post road from Valdez to the
Upper Yukon.
The service in Porto Rico, Hawaii and
the temporary military postal service in
China are touched on briefly. The special
and general weighing of the mail
throughout the United States, whose re
sults were announced last February,
showed the railroads carried an aggre
gate much greater than generally sup
posed, and that $6 per cent of the total
amount was sent direct to the railroads.
The result of the regular quadrennial ad
justment with pay for railroad trans
portation in the second contract section,
comprising North and South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida. Alabama, Mississippi,
Tennessee and Kentucky, based on a re
weighing under orders issued to Septem
ber 30 last, was an increase of over 10 per
cent.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— The annual re
port of AV. S. Shallenberger, Second As
sistant Postmaster General, - was made
publio to-day. It shows that on June 3D
last the annual rate " of expenditure for
Inland mail &ervice was $55,146,000; for
foreign service, J2.014.538; total expendi
tures, $57,160,598. There were 22,834 star
routes, with a total mileage of 269,858, in
volving an annual rate of expenditure of
$5,133,373; 1943 special office routes,' 182
steamboat routes, 2668 railroad routes (an
nual expense $33,424,782), 223 railway post
office car routes (annual expense $4,309,
000), £655 railway postoflice clerks (annual
expenditure $8,916,424), 7190 mail messenger
routes, '220 wagon routes (in cities), 287
electric and cable car routes, five pneu
matic tube routes (annual expenditure
5222,266). Necessary and special facilities
on trunk lines of railroads involved an
annual rate expenditure of $195,143 and
mall equipments cost $325,744.
The routes of all kinds In the domestic
mall service cover .over, a half million
miles in length and the miles traveled
over them per annum was 459,205,773. An
average of almost nine trips a week on
each route was maintained throughout
the country. Mr. Shallenberger refers to
the steps taken looking- to stopping specu
lative bidding for mail contracts, and an
nounces that the new policy of awarding
all new contracts only to persons living on
or contiguous to the route involved
has worked satifactoril y. The experi
ment of box delivery on star routes,
whereby persons along the line could
have the mail brought from the next
office by the star route carrier and
left in a box erected by such persons,
has worked satisfactorily in South Caro
lina, and the next star route contracts
will provide for such service, increasing
the mail facilities in the rural distri«ts
at a moderate increase in cost.
Asks for Retirement on Pension of
Employe^ Permanently Disabled
While Attending to /
Their Duties.
Assistant Postmaster Gen
eral Files His Annual
Report.
POSTAL SERVICE
AND ITS COST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1900.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
13
MABRIED.
GRIERSON— YOUNG— In this city. October 30.
V.'.'i. John Grierson. and Mary J. Young.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth at. Tel. South 167.
IHNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALKER3.
Finest Equ'-^-nent at Moderate Rates.
BAILROAD TB.AVEL.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625HCABU[Yn. Kstaollabed
I In 1M34 tor the treatment o* Private
' Diseases, Lost Man hood Debility or
I disease v^aring on bodyand mind aid
Skin IXseaaes. l'h« doctor cores wh»u
I others fall. Try him. Charge* low
I I'nrr «|U»r««iffJ, Callorwrim
Pi . 4, f. UBBW.BoilW, 8W VIM**
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Perrv-
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. m. : 1:43 and 4:00 p. m
SUNDAYS... ...8:00. 10:CO. 11:80 and 1:15 p. nr
Fare, San Francisco to Surnmlt and Return.
NEW TAVERNOP TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
Ticket ofUces, «3J Market et., §a,u»a,Mo FtlTy-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
OSuccessor to Flannasan & Gallagher) •¦"'
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Steamer '* Montlcello."
MOX.. Tups.. We<1.. Thurs. and Pat. at J-J3
a. m., S:lu, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. ami 8;30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m. 8
p. n.. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier Xo. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
• FARE .- ...,50c
BAY AND RIVEK STEAMERS.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCUANGS. I
M. CUIFFIN. 7U Market «*.. room 1— Hundreds
:«f. larxns and- city property for exchange or
: -taX. FV.1 ¦. particulars, call at my office.
, .-NEW :<vctiase,..$ rrn»/. *>aih; Jot-aOxlyO; Mission;
•• rentaj'. teriris.: arui.vacatjt lot?. 413 Kearny Kt:
I^ME^AgYERTlSEMENTS.
AliA.MliD.V IlIiAL 'ESTATE.
' COTTAGE' for Faie— Hftiife. 4 or 6 rooms, bath
• . .SUlll ,1 m sf liwl if. ih" fine' order: fruit and ehade
.. ti'ees: '6t - s.1"' K: ir.ske- an -offer; JSOO cash. SX>
-. '. jjer. fmrrn*r.-_ : -fr HLJ-TOPyOi 1**2 Park st;
t^iO— AUCTION . Price-; fln«-«t modern 8-room
¦ ' co/nape in:' Alameda; perfect plumbing; tine
" ¦• location-; ? blocks frora station & hish school;
¦:• -fti'-jr.tcrrris- A: V>, Burns. 15C1 Park. Alameda.
> I BEK IvELEV HEAL ESTATE.
THERE'S;' irONtVlN IT/"" ' -¦
. . Or.ly J25O0; a ¦ "fin* f!e>e of prorerty. fronting;
: -bn-S. Mr^te; RizerJOst^TO-. Just one block from
:-.r,««*:hool house eite.and Just the place to
"-. :«tise.r>os;Hry. : .: . ' . '¦¦.'¦
"••;¦- ¦',¦ ¦:".. -. ¦-¦¦•¦•¦• :Mason & mclenathen.
;,; ¦ ¦; - ¦ .:.¦•¦. --Ad-Jotnlrg- P. P.. Berkeley.
A LT A 1T.VTA TRACT— Pan Pablo ave.. 3
.rnf.es ftenh at Berke'.eyi 1150 to SHIO per acre-
4ots $60 to Da eceh:. «. a month:- ca'.l for
tri«r>- G W.:;l.TAIf'HT..4O1 California »t.. 8.F.
:¦/. BEIlKEliEY UOISES TO I,ET~
rSy*-. HA^'DSOITE furnished T^rtorn^cottagfe"
• taT,le: EerUtley.: C. HENDERSON. 30* Mor.t-
gfniery. ft. '¦- .-.. .= ¦ ' .
X) AK L AN!) I AI>YERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCE-^1118 BROADWAY.
: . OAIvI.A>O. HEAL ESTATE.' •
JTOTl eale. tn OaJcland— Xlne-roura modern house
built tar hcznf by day.'.s wcik; lot C0xi32; j
blocks from Itral i«at:on;beFt residence nelsh-
borhood; for *al» to close estate at J4750^ less
thtr bouse .cast: HERON & llOLCOiiU, loco
Prraiway. - ¦ ; . . ' • "
OXKLAXD . IIOUSE;> TO XET,
CJOOT> hc»UFes. G«t list fr<.m GEO. W. ACS-
TIN A CO.. . 1K>8. Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND KIRX-TCRE FOR SALE.
AN ir.trodurtlcn to you from H. Bchellhaas~7he
furniture dealer. 11th ar.d Franklin. Oakland.
BOOMS VOn UOUSEICEEPIXO.
. < LEMFNT INA. &U off F^ulrth^etT-ICflmplete
• ¦ housrkrreptng rocrns; private. • •-
'COl'GH. 115— Handsome .sunny ctodorn rooms;
evrr>th:ns' new; -reasonable; Kas; range.
HOWARD. 160S— Large front bay-window room
end k$c&tat «)rapleui for housekeeping; pri-
vate ;. cheafi.: gas". • - ..
JACKSON. i20. rear Slason— Furnished sunny
Urge front housekpg rms. {6 and JS; single. $4.
J^EROT place. U4, off Pacrament.b. near Jones
. — i pleasant truany housekeeping '.rms. ; cheap.
MARTTIA pi.. S. off Gesrj^ near Munn— Sunny
¦ h< us^k^ej ir.g rms.; a!pr» others; reasonable..
MASON,'- Ef2. cor. Pcist— 4 fjnny housekeeping
. -.-• rncmt, cocnplet*. coiil range. J1S; other rooms,
. .ti 1 ;. '¦' . . ¦ •'
NATOMA, 7^1— Nice tunny housekeeping room;
. r tn ar ; .d Ti-lfe, rent low. . -.
OAK. W— i netrly furnished sur.r.y houzekeep-
lr.g rr-oms; r«s. hath; S16; also two other^ jw.
• I'OINT IX)BOS ave.. 21-C-S rjnny furnished
roorr.f ; ho^fekeeringr: Jl?: no children.
FIXTII. Uf— Sur.ny room for light housejteep-
lr.g; clfo other smail rooms.
THHEI3 furniEhed rooms for housekeepina; In
private family, fall ZZS fixth st.
Tl'BK, €13—2 rooms furnished for' housekeea-
itig. tit
¦W'lI.IX'IV iv».. 10. V o!T Larkin. near Eddy— $12;
I rofn; furnifh»-d for hskpg.: no children.
lUMJM:- TO LET — Porn, nnd Infnrn.
A- BRUNSWICK House. 14i hixth— Rocmi 26c
ui il p*r nifrht: fl 0 to !'¦ per week, and lisnt
hcuFekeer ir.g ; c^cti ell night.
BUBVCTt! KM Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
silfh'd rme. suites, single; also unfurnished.
IifPH. VZi (The Elki— <"h»n6«?a hands; newly
renovated, rlceiy furn. sur_r.y rms., Jl 60 to %1
wet k ; •£*•- to f 1 60 night. MRE. P. RANFT.
< l.iKFOim. Z*\ Ellis, cfcr. Mason— Handsomely
f'jrr.ithed Kunny rot>ms; prices reasonable.
ET>DY. ll^A— Fuite of rooms; sunny; nicely
furnished; reasonable.
K<"'I.?<"M. »C*. cr. €th fThe Oliver)— New fur-
nished tunny mif., Eiosle. rultee; reajson&ble.
GEART. 4f;5 (The Navarre)— El?gactly furnished
rrnf; suites or sir.gle; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. I1S7— Sur.ny newly furnished: en suite.
f.r.pl*: het, cold water: phone; steam hea-tera.
Gr.ANI) SOUTHERN. «outheast corner Seventh
knd Miesion ets.— 6unny rooms, en tuite or
finrle; ladies' paricr; reading-room ; elevator.
Kr.Tl'ATlD. 1062^4 — Nicely furnished tunny front
»>ay- window room; also others.
LAP PALMAS, 1?SO Market et.— Suite of ! cr 2
¦-.rrr:*.; private; bath; tin. rms.; board optional.
MINN* A. 227 — Ftooms J'. 2Z per neek upvraxd; 2£
. oentSKper r.igrht; centrally located.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1615 Market it.— Nicely
rumftr.fd room*. tJ a week up; 25e a day up.
OFAURELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
rffitfi; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
.r.6FETJALE House. 211 and ZZl Ellis ct.— Rooms,
•night The to Jl, w«tek SI 23 to $4; open night.
IiOYAL ffouw, US Ellis et. — Incandescent llrht:
' r«-ad;rjr-roorri, emokicf-room and ladles' par-
lor; roorr.i, per night, &c to II 60; week. $2 to
• ¦-&; month. J5 to JiO; elevator on ground floor;
ro-iti( with hot and rold water; baths.
f;ii:i:i!AN Afsrtmer.t House, 2S Eichth et.,
¦near Market — Kurr.lfh^d cr unfurnished.
TT'HK, U6— 1 furnished room, with closet and
rv-r.r.lr.g water; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
¦"'¦•-: 322 — 2 elnsrl« rooms for 2 or 4 men, $7
ani ?«.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
POARD arid rooms at 415 First et-, near Har-
. rieon.
IIP.fiT-CLAPS modem family hotel; very sunny
rfy.rr.r: fine tahlo. 1t64 California gt.
tEWIXC M.iCHIMCS A\O StrrPLIES.
ALL kinCi bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
TulTir.g lowest rates? open even. 205 Fourth.
EOUOHT. sold, rented, repaired: needles and
ehutties; reduced rates. 14i Cth; phone Mint 45.
ALL y.r.is bought^ cold a.r.d repairing guaran-
teeg. Charlee Plambeck. 1?1B Mission, nr. Uth.
SPECIAL SOTICEJi.
l:OOMS papered from U~tO: whitened f 1 up ;
.painting dene. Hartnian Paint Co., Ill Third.
T'.A.Ti tenants ejected for J4: coZIeetjons made:
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<U Montgomery rt.. roonn 1-10; tel. K89.
STORAGE A.\O WAUEIIpL'SKS.
5-EKINS Van and f-tora«e Ca.. TS2 Mission at.;
tel. Main 1S40; skipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phene South 762.
rACIKIC Stor»<re and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. TS2H Fillmor* Ft.; phone Jackson 781.
SLOT MACHINES.
SOUGHT and sold: new and second hand; large
tficplay; very cheap. 927 Market, room Z3X
TVPEWIUTEBS AXP Sli'l'LIEB.
GREAT BARGAIN'S IK TTPEWRITERS-W*
fell better machines for less money than any
house In th,e city; rental. U- The Typewriter
n*cfcange, iZ6 CallfoiT.la; telephone Main Ki.
ALWAYS b&rsaics In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L a ii. ALEXANDEK,
110 Montgomery st.
COPARTNERSHIP .^OTICKS.
IiIFSOLtJTTON' of copartnership— The esopart-
nerf hip heretofcre existing between tht un-
<!fnnrr.ed. PIEURE SOMPS and FRAXCOIS
PAILLET. doing business at San FranclBCo.
¦Ftate $f CsJlfornia, at premsse* JCos. 624 and
€26 Ltfuna et.. under the name of "GOLDEN
WEST EOI>A WORKS," and also under
the name of "GOLDEN WEST MINERAL
f-PRINGS CO. OF NAPA CO.." if this day
dissolved by mutual consent. lUnch of the
] artners will continue business for himself
end each of the undersigned Is authorized to
collect outstanding bills and to pay bills due.
<81gne«) P. SOMPS.
< Signed) FRANCOIS PAJLLET.
f >ated Pan FranaJsco. October 84. A. P. 1900.
DIVIDOD NOTICES.
M'.'IDEND Notice— The .Giant Powder Com-
I any, (con.). A dividend. Xo. 23. of seventy-
r.v« cents iT.'.r-i per chare on the Issued capital
tux-k of the "ompany has been declared jpay-
fcble at the cfhre r«f the con.pany, <M Cali-
fornia Bttr-et, Hbh Frandse-o, on November
1" inn. Trtrwtrr booh* «-jc»e Hen-ember t,
Wtt. 1 bpca. A. A. tFAKKS, Secretary.
Santa Fe
Trains—^iiy
Leave Mark it-street Ferry Depot.
Lve; San Francisco. J:00 a m 4:10 p m| J:M p m
Arr. Stockton 12:50 P m 7:15 p m 11:65 p m
" Merced 2:«2 P rn — 1:1? » "J
•• ViKalla «:00 p m «:W a m
•• Tular« ;:22pm ! : J2* m
•• Hanford 8:M p m 7:0» a m
•* Bakerafleld ... »:50 P m 7.30 am
•• D*nv»r 10:00 am — — ¦
" Kansas City... 5:15 P m
"dJ Chicago 7:40 am
fdls.m. train is th« Overland Express. Corre-
si«TdlnK train arrives at t p. m. dally.
I 10 p m is Stockton Local. Corresponding
triln arrive* U:05 a. m. daily. - • _
$00 p m Is Fresno and Bakersfletd Express.
with Sleeping Cars fcr both cities Corresptnd-
Ine train arriws at » a. m. dally.
OFFICES— <41 Market st. and In Ferry Depo*.
"¦an yranclgeo; "1* Broadway. Oakland.
:0MPAGNIS GENERALS TRAN3ATlAHTIQn2.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. __ *
Salllnr every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, from November *, 1SS9. at w*(mM»
10 a. m., from Pier 43, North River, foot of
Morton etreet. L'AQUITAIKG. Nov. 8. First-
class to Havre. $55 and upward. Second elas*
to Havre. 14! 50 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. J2 Rroadway 1 Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI t CO., Pacific Coa«
Agents, a Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW T0EK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABU.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. ra.
St. Louis Nov. 14|St. Louis Dec 6
New York Nov. 21New York Dec. 12
St. Paul Nov. 2S St. Paul Dec. 19
RED STAR LINE.
New York and AntwerD.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark Nov. 14jNoordland Dec IS
¦Wcsternland ...Nov. *1 Frlesland Dec. 12
Kensington Nov. 23 Southwark Dec. 1\>
For freight and pa.«sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents. '
OCEATfIC S. S. COI— HONOLULU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
BS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
Thursday. November 1. 4 p. m
PS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Saturday, November 10, 2 p. m.
SS. SIERRA, for * Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. November II, 9 p. m.
j. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agls., 643 Market St.
Pier 7. Foot Pacific Sb Freight Office. 327 Market St
ANDERSON— In thia city, October 30. 1900,
Catherine Ann. wife of the late John Ander-
son, beloved mother of Mrs. H. Lyman and
the late Mrs. ftate Bennett, sister of Mar-
garet Jones and Charles Ollara, grand-
mother of Flcience and Rose Lyman, and
aunt of Patrick O'Hara, a native of County
Leitrim, Ireland, aged 64 years, (Sacramento
paperi please copy.)
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Baturday>, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, rt and 29 Fifth street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BROWNE— In 8an IiafMl, October 31, 1W0, Eve-
lyn Wilson Browne, iniant daughter of Fred-
erick D. Browne, and granddaughter of P. U.
Browne of San Rafael and Rev. J. C. Webb
of Lo* Anseles.
BUTLER— In this city, November 1. 1900, Belle,
beloved wife of Paul J. Butler, mother of
P.lbble Klrby Butler, daughter of Mrs. L. D.
Berwin. and Bister of Gabriel. Martin and
Uertha Berwin. a native uf Chicago, III., aged
28 years 7 months and 16 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:16 o'clock, from the family
residence, fl Fulton street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clopk train from
Third and Townsend streets.
CHR1STEN£EN-In Eureka, October 21, 1900,
John E.. eldest and dearly beloved eon of
Captain John and Annlne Chrlntensen, and
brother of Mrs. M. Katzer and August. Alma
and Fred Chrlstensen, a native of San Fran-
circo, aged 21 years 10 months and 12 days.
K7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
bis parents, 1206 Dolores street, near Twenty-
fifth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DRISCOLL— In this city, November 2, 1900,
Mary, widow of the late Denis Driscoll, and
beloved aunt of Mrs. Jane Collins and Mag-
gie and Mary Connelly, a native of Clona-
kilty, County Cork, Ireland, aged 70 years.
(OTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1322 Scott street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, where mass will be said for the re-
pose of her soul at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DWYER-In Madera. October SO. 1900, Edward
A. Dwyer. beloved son of Anna Dwyer Hendy
and the late John K. Dwyer, and stepson of
Mlcha#i Hendy, a native of California, aged
2S years and 2 months.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
• Saturday), from the parlors of Carew * Eng-
lajsh. 41 Van Ness avenue. Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery-
FELDMANN-In this , city, October 31, 1900,
Louis, beloved husband of Oretchen Feld-
mann. and father ef Louis, Edward and Wal-
ter Feldmann, the Mlcses Lizzie and Tlllle
Anderson, Catherine McKenny, John
Browne. Evelyn W. McKinney, John
Butler. Belle ideKamara. John
Crirlstensen. John E. Mache. Feter D.
Urlscoll, Ma-ry Murphy, Catherine
Dwyer. Edward A. Naard, Henry M.
Feldmann, Louis Nalsmlth, Amelie
Kiecher. Helene Richardson, Geo. C.
Graham. Ullie Schneider. "William
Gruwell. Henry fcmlih, William F.
Gustafeen. LUlla L. enencer, Charles H.
Hennessey, Margaret Thorn, James
Henry, William Thomas, Josephine
Kewley. Phillip Van fcilyke, B. W. S.
Korts, Henry E. Vaughn, John
Ledderhos, Josephine Vucanovich, Peter L.
McDonell, Michael Walib. Abigail
McKenna. Mary Whitman. Albert A.
DIED.
STEAMER3 WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling; at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkonsr with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday, November IS. 1900
SS. NIPPON' MARU
Thursday. December 8. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December », 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trf? tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
TV. H. AVERT. General Agent.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
BOBN.
KAHN— In this city. October O. 190«, to the
v,lit> of Leon Kahn, a daughter.
KANE— In this city. October 11. 1900, to the
wife of William K. Kane, a daughter.
MAGEE— On San Bruno road, October 19,- 1300,
to the wife of H. Magee, a eon.
TAYLOR— On San Bruno road. October 30. 1900,
to the wife of C. Taylor, a daughter.
BIRTHS— MABBIABES— DEATHS.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIfcuron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRA.XCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS—":*). 9:W. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
5:30. 8:10. «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra triys at 1:5.)
and 11:30 o. m.
BVXDATS— 8:60. »:*>. 11:00 a. m.: 1:33. *:9O>
6:00. «:20 o. rn. >
BAN RAFAEI* TO SA?T FRANCTSCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 1J:48.
J:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and C:S5 o. ra.
BfXDATS- 8:10. »:40. 11:19 a, m.; 1:40. S:«O.
6:05, 1:25 p. m.
Between Pan Francisco and Schuetzen Part
um« schedule as abova.
LeaT« I In Effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900.| Saa Franclscow
Week I Bun- I I Sun- I Weelt
Days. I days, f Destination.! days. ] Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami »:4O am
1:39 pm *:30am Petaluma. <:05 pmllO:2S am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Eanta Rosa. 7:35 pm| f:20 paa
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsbura;-
Lytton.
Oeyservllle.
I:M pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:29 pra
7:10 ami I Hopland I |1O:2S am
1:30 pm| 8:00 am| and flclah. ] 7:35 pm| «:20 pm
T:S0am 10:25 am
g-.C0am Oucrnevtlle. 7:23 pm
1:30 pm| 8:29 pra
7: JO am 8:00 am Bonoma 9:15 am 8:40 aa
and
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Clen Ellen. 8:05 pm l:tO pm
7:30 am] 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:» am
1:80 pm| t:QO pm| Bebaatopol. I 7:35 pm| «:2O pm
Etajcea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Br rings and White Bulphnr Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservlll* for Ekacss Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Spring's. Kelstyvllle Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlctt
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Sprtn«. Saratoga
Spring?. Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lak*. Witter
Frrtnsrs. TJpj)*r Laka. Pomo. Potter Vallay.
John Day's. Rtverstde. Lterley"s. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. HuUvili-, Git's Hot
Springs. Mftidocino City. Fort Bragg, West-
port. Usal, Wllllts. Laytonville, Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, OUen'a. Dyer. Scotia.
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 850 Market at.. Chronicle bid*.
X. C. WH1T1NO. R. X. RTA»,
General Masai er, Gen, Pmjs. Agsat.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ftrry.
Commencing September JO, 1900.
from san francisco to mill v alley
and san Rafael.
"WEEK DAYS — *:So, *9:15. 11:00 a. m.. "1:41
«:l». 4:00. *:1S. H:1S, 8:40 P. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For MU1 Vallty and Saa
Ktfael. on Mondays, Wednesdays and 3atur«
days Rt 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
BUNDAT8- •8:00, 10:C0.. *ll:30 a. sn.. 1OX
1:15. •?:45. «:30. t:0O p. m.
Trains marked. (•) run to Ban Qtxentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
-WEEK DAYS— 6:25. **;Z0, 7:45, 9:S0 a. m..
•12:30. 1:«. •3:30. 4:30. 8:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wadaaadan
and Saturdays at 8:48 and 10:10 n. ra.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
raOM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT&-«:45. 8:45. 7:55. 9:30 aTin!.
12:35. 2:10. 1:30. 4:54, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on .Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:C5. 10:05 a, m.. 12:05. 1:15, I:J0.
S:CO. 8:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS
8:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta*
tlons.
1:45 p. m.' Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomalea and way sta-
tion*
COLUMBIA Fails Nov. 4, 14. U, Dec. 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov. 9, 19, ft
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Aeent,
' 630 Market street.
From (spear-street Wharf at ID A. M.
CA DC $12First Class, including Berth
IHnt S8 second Class. and Meals.
DISPATCH FAST STI3AJTERS TO
F> O TR, T Xj . A. 1ST ID
THEO, R. & R. CO.
Nithaii Berer, 25, 123 Grove street, and Pau-
line Phillips, lg, 241 Webster street.
Louie Scheile, 21. 803 Pixfey street, and Ella
John D. Heyen, 2«. 31 Broadway, and Emma
Liebcher, 24, 31 Broadway.
Adam Burkhard, 24. ITS Perry street, and
Bertha l^ederhoue. 21. ITS Perry etreet.
Frank & Watkina, 34, 1201 Octavia street, and
Edythe V. Makovrtki. 20, &33 Eddy etreet.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Percy Wolf. 21, S49 Mission Ftreet, and Emma
L. Whitney, 29, 6< Hauech etreet.
OCEAN TBAVEI^
. Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fy Steamers leave Broadway
»j^ wharf, San Francisco:
rSl**^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
|§!SBK_ Nov - 2 - "'¦ 12 - 17 - 22 - 27 - l>c- *•
lS^Kpv5^ Chance to companj-'s eteamer*
f^5^V^fl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
iZfcigLgKjSai C). Port Town.«end, Feattle.
' Tacoma, EvcrPtt. Anacorfs
''"Mlj. an <l New Whatcom (Wash.) —
iTTT 11 a. m.. Xov. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22.
27. Dec 2, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Nov. 4.
9. 14, 19, 24, 29, Dec. 4 and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblypo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angrele?) — 11 a. m.,
Nov. 1, 6, 9, 13, 17. 21, 25, 29, Dec. t, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford tSan Luis Obispo), Gaviota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneroe. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles> and Newport — 9
a. m., Nov. 3, 7, 11. 15. 19, 23, «7. Dec. L and
every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers. sallinK dates and hours of Bailing-
¦without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
RrVTUtOAD TRAVEL.
¦oltiiiikx iM«:irit: cojiKA.yT.
Irtcinc HTitrKM.t
Train* !•««« •>»•• »r. .•••«. >• nr rl«»a«
«»,%* Kit* *«:!•»«'«».
(Main Line. Foot «l ii ar;;« ". Street)
tlATl — FltOU OCTOBKK 1. 19C3. — «a»lTa
•7 too a BenicU. Snianu, Elmira. VacmTUla.
Uumsey and BKCrauietico *7il«»f
•7jOOa Shasta Express— l>*iu, Williams (for
BorUstt Spring), Willows, . ited .'..
Bluff, rortiuiU. *7:13»
•7:30* M utlnex. Ban It u>«m. V»ll B jo. Napa,
(Jaliati B:in.:i.lrtiii-.A Ruu <Utl.tr
•SioOa DaTis. WoodUud. KuighU Laadin*. -
Marynrllie. <>ruvi;l o *7343p
•N:00» Atlantic Kiiiress-OgJen and Kaat *12:l:i»
*SiO<U Nilet, Trier. I-athrop, Stockton '11:13a
••iUOa Sbii Juas. liTcrmure. Stuck ton, - - ' ¦
Ion*. ftaoraiiiFuto. PUceriiUc. '
M.'trjuvlJle. Chicii. Uml ISlulf Ml lap
*SiSoa Oak iU:r, Chinese, Honors, Carters... •IH.If
•t»:Ot>* Htjwarua. Ni.-n and Way Buttons. M lil*A
•»:«»«* Los Aoeeie* Express — lUrtii.cz,
Tracy. Lathrop. rttocktOD. Merceu
Vrtwno uml Lcs An k rl« ...... "Ti?.1f
•9t3i»A Vall.-j.i. Marliiirs ami Way .Station! 'Silif
•I v:0O* The UrcrUixl Limtteu-CsdeD. Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicsg.i *6;43»
•II1OO1 NUts, Stockton. Macraairnto. Men- ' '
rtof\. Fresno, Hai-.forJ. Viaili*. ' .
lVrtertlile •!:!»»
•11 tOO a LlTtrmore. 8«o(er. Goshen Juno-
tion. BikerstleiU. Lo» Angeles.....
•I XiOOm HajcarJi. Nile* and Way Stations. *3»4 1»
tliOOr Saerameuto Kltar Steamoia t5:OOa
•3iOOr Hajworii. Nllm ami Way Stations. *3i*3r
•4>uo r Mutlnex. Hau Kaiuon. Vallsjo.
N»|>n. <.'all«t<>xa. .Santa i:..»* *»il9a
MHOf B«u!cU. Wintera, .Sacramento,
Woo.lUn.1. KnWuta lauding.
M«rv«?i;l-. <>nwil|« •1*:4S«
MiSapMlaa.fian.IoBe and Stockton *?>!•»
•StOOrTlie Owl IJmited-Tracy. Fresno*.
liaksnUelil. Hangus for SauU liar-
bars. Los Augeles. *IO:I.1»
•»i»»f Stockton 'Oi4»a
">rO«p Jfew Orlrant Kxnnsa— llaken>t>Ul. - ¦
tianU Itarhara, Lua Angelas. Dem- *
Ing. El Punt New Orleaus and . '
Kast •7il.i»
•¦lOOr lUfwarila. Ml«s and Mail Jusd...... *7:li*
t«:OOr Vaflajo MSilS*
•«i«H»r Oriental Mall-OK<Ien, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago *13:t3r
*0iOOr Oriental ftUtl-Ogden. Denver, :
Omaha. Chicago. Mil.tr
*7t*Qr NU«5 r *r»cy. Lathrop. Stockton.... "IHsia*
* iiUOr l)r<m uul l/'klliiiruU Kiriew.Hat. . ¦ "•-.
rmuahtu. MarjMllla. Ueilillng.
l"i.itlan.l, Pnget Moumt and Kaat *»:I3a
!«:«.V VallrK Purl CciU and Way MU
tioii» tll.QOj
COAST l>l VISION (Narron Uanee). "*
(Foot ot Market Street.) ¦
* a ilSaNewark.Ceuti;rtlll<vSau.Joae,F«ltou,
Bouldor Cieek.Sauta Crux and Way
Htations •«<*•*
tail.tr Newark Ceuterville. San Joaa Nav
Almaden, Felton, Itunider Creek,
BanU Crux and Principal War
Stations S ••i»«4
Mil.lr Newark. tt*n Joa*. Loa Gatoa •«!¦¦»•*
al 1:4.1 r HuoUn" Eieursion, Saa Jose and
Way Station* t?iaO»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaiia ranoisco— r««t »r umn sun is;i» d—
•7:1S »;00 ]1:00a.M. tl:C3 'JiSJ t)-SI
•1:03 JJ:03 *«:03r.M.
VrtaOilUID— r»»l if Bri.iwiT.— "« : 0O 8:00 10:00*. ¦.
tllCO «I:33 12:C3 »j:33 li:C3 »8:e3r.M.
COAST IHVISKn ;Hroa.Mi»ii K r,.
(Third atr 1 Townaend Sta.)
t*«IOA Ocean View, South Han Frandnoo.. t*><**r
•IiOOa Sail Joia and *7ay SUtloiia (New
Aliuader WetlnemlAii ouljr) ...... *lil*»
•»¦«•* Han Joaa. Trea l'lmw, SanU Cwtm.
Facillo Hrois. Paso Unblei. 8a» . ;
Iiiiis Ohlspn, Surf. Loaapoc Mid
Principal Way Stations *4il«t
•lOiln, Saa Juse and W%» Statloua ••tSSa
•I IiBOa Han .lose and \V»- SUtiona •5 < ;jor
t'4i i»r San Matro, Umlwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San. loa*.
Trea Pines. Santa Cruz, Salinas. '-'¦'•
Moutereyaml Paelfle Orova tlO::««lA
f3:Sn r San Joae ami Way Stations •~:3»r
t-l:ISr San Jos* and Principal Way Stations • 1 J:15a
tSiOVpSan Joie. Los Gatos aod Principal
Way Stations 1»:0O»
¦S:3Or San .lose and Principal Way Stations '*:H.1,
•ai:iur San Joae aud Way Stations t»i«»t
Sllli45p San Joie ami Way Stations.. »7;30»
A for Morning. P for A f ternoon.
•Datlj. f Sunday exeepted. 1 Sunday only.
ajj\tqrdaj orJj.
CUSTOM-HOUSE. Collector's OfHce, San Fran-
cisco. October JO, 1900.— Notice of Sale— Notice
Is hereby given that the following described
merchandise, seized for violation of the
United States Revenue Laws, will be sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for U.
S. lawful money, at the entrance to th«,rer
celving department. New Appraiser's Stores,
on the Gth day of November, 1M0. Sale to
commence at 10 o'clock a. m. of said day:
2 packages cigars, November 1, 1S93; 675 ci-
gars. November 10. 1SS9; 1D00 cigars, November
13. 1S93; GOO cigars. November 13, 1S99; 1 pack-
age cigars, November 9. 1899; 700 cigars, No-
vember 16. 1S39; 673 cigars, November 16, 1899;
700 cigars, November 23. 1S33; 4 bundles jat-
tan Bhavlng. December 8, 189?; 2 ellk shirts
«nd 1 dozen silk handkerchiefs, December 5,
1^9; 1 package cigarettes, December 12, 1899;
6 dozen silk handkerchiefs, December 15, 1899'
2*5 cigars. December 22 r 1S99; 650 cigars, De-
cember 26, 1SS9: 150 cigars, December 26, 1899;
1 roll ponfM silk. December 26, 1S99; 100 ci-
gars, December K. 1S?9; 150 cigars, December
.«. IS??; x package miscellaneous merchandise,
December 26. 1S39: 200 cigars, January 3, 1300;
3Ji cicars, January 3. 1!»00; 1 package cigars
. and cigarettes. January- 4, 1900; 1 package
cIebj-f. December 29, 1S99; 1 package cigars,
;£n u * ry 4 ( VJCii '' x ack age cigars, January 4,
1»CO; 1 package cigars, January 4, 1900; 1 pack-
age cigars. January 4, 1900; 4 bundles cigar-
ettes Jenuary 4, 1900; 1 package cigars, Janu-
?3k ;, ' 2 Packages cigars. January 5.
1S00; 41 raw hides. January 16, 1900; 1 pack-
age cigars. January 19. 1900; 2 bottles gin.
January 19. 1500; 2 packages cigarettes. Janu-
f<Tr£ ?' 190 ? : 1 P acka ee cigars, January 19.
1&00; 1 package cigars. January 19, 1900; 725
cigars. January 26. 1SO0; 1 case glass lamps,
1 ebruary 3. 1900; 5 5-tael boxes prepared
opium. February 12. 1900; 2022 cigarettes. Feb-
ruary 13. 1900; 2 packages cigarettes. Febru-
ary 13. 1J00; 4 cases printed matter, February
20. n<00; 3 jars lily bulbs, March 5, 1900; 950
cigars, March 22. 1900; 10 silk caps, March 23,
1 ?'5! : 1 package paper napkins, March 3L
l.'&u; 200 cigars. March 31. 1300; 750 clears,
March 31, 1900; 20 5-tael boxes prepared
opium. April 7. 1S00; 1 package cigarettes,
April 6. 1SO0": 8 6-tael boxes prepared opium.
April 12, 1300; C 5-tael boxes prepared opium
and »00 cigars, April 12, 1900; 6a3 cigars, April
12. 1&00: HO rilk caps, April 12. 1900; 600 cigars.
April 33, IM0; 1 case tobacco, April 17, 1900;
4 5-tael boxes prepared opium, April It, 1900;
2 packages cigars, April 26. 1900; 150 clgari,
April 27. 1S&0; 1 package books, April 28, l&ifc;
ICO cigars. May S. 1900; £00 cigars. May 14.
lfrOO; 150 cigars. May IS, 1900; 700 cigars. May
IS. 1900 1 silk dressing Jacket, May 25. 19W;
1 silk dressing Jacket and 6 tea sets. May 25,
3900: r.S cigars. June E. 1900; 300 cigars. Juu,e
B. IKK); 1 package cigars. June 5. 1900; 1
package cigars, June 5, 1900; 1 package cl-
rars. June 6. 1900: 1 package cigars. June 6,
1900; l package cigars. June 6. 1900; 1 pack-
age clsars, June 6, 1900; 375 cigars, June 7,
1200: 600 cigars. June 13. 1900; 500 cigars, June
15. 1900; 70U cigars. June 15. 1900; 271 cigars
and 1 piece pima cloth. June 15. 1900; 1 pack-
age cigars. June 13. 1S00; 1 package cigars,
June 13. 1M!O: 1 package cigars. June 13, 1900;
1 package cigars, June 13, 1900; 1 package
cigars, June 13, 1900; 199 cigars, June 18, 1900;
4 boxes cigars. June 18, 1D00; 2350 cigars. June
IS, 1&00; I piece pima cloth and 2 table covers.
June 19. 1900; 1 box chinaware. June 19, 1900;
450 cigars, June 20. 1900; 275 cigars. June 22,
1900; 1 package cigars. June S3, 1900; 1 pack-
age cigars. June 23, 1900; 1 package cigars,
June 23. 1900; 2 cases pickles, June 27, 1S00;
1 package cigars, July L 19C0; 1 package cl-
gare, July 1, 1J00; 1 package cigars, July 1.
1*00; 1 package cigars. July 1. 1900:
200 cigars, July 6, 1S£K>; 500 cigars. July
9. l?00; 75 cigars. July 9.V1900; 123 cigars. July
I. 1S00; 50 cigars. July U. 11*00: 1 basket con-
taining 46 5-tael tins opium. July 13. 1900; 45
. cigars, July lg. 1900; 2« cigars. July 18. 1900;
1 box china and 1 basket china, July 18, 1900;
1 silk table cover and 1 album. July 2«, 1900:
219 cigars. July 20. 1900; 100 cigars. July 20,
1500; 1 embroidered table cover and 1 em-
broidered coat of arms. July 20. 1300; 100 ci-
gars, July 20, 1300; S50 cigars. July 27, 1900;
50 cigars. July 20. 1900: .10 clpars. July 20,
1900; £75 cigars. July 30, 1900; 1 package cigars
and cigarettes. July 24. 1900; 1 package cigars
July 24, 1900; K0 cigars. July 31.' 1900; 200 ci-
gars. July 8L 19W; I china tea set, July 31,
1900; U5 cigars. July 81. 1900; S5 cigars, Au-
gust 2. 19C0: 5 5-tael boxes prepared opium,
August 2. 12f*>: 100 cigars, August 2, 1900; 1
package cigars, August 1, 1900; 1 package
cigars, August 1 1500; 1 package cigars, Au-
gust 1. 1900; 1 package cigars. August 1, 1900;
1 package cigars,. August 1. 1900; 1 package
cigars and cigarettes. August 1. 1900; 325 ci-
gare; August 4. 1900; S'O cigars, August 6,
1900; 24 cigars, August 7. 1900; 100 cigars, Au-
gust IS. 1900; 2 packages cigars, August 10.
1S00; 1 package cigarettes, Auguet 19. 1900; 1
package cigars. August 10. 19<KI: 1 package cl-
tsrars. August 10, 1900; 1 package cigars. Au-
guEt 10, 1900; I package eatln cloth and 1 silk
kimona, August 14. 1900; 700 clpars and 1 tea
set. August 17. 1900; 75 cigars. August 17.
15~">O: 100 cigars. August IS. 1900: 100 cigars,
August IS, 1900: 100 cigars, August IS. 1900;
l r 0 cigars. August 20, 1900; 60 cigars, August
2^', I9W; 60 cigars, August 20, 1900; 60 cigars,
August 20. 19W): 75 cigars, August 20. 1900:
325 cigars. August 20. 1900; 100 cigars. August
2<J. 1900; £0 cigars. August 20, 1900; 100 cigars,
August 20, 1S00; 400 cigars. August 20, 1MX>;
E2S cigars. August ti. I90r>; 2 boxes decorated
china, August 20. 1900; 3M) cigars, August 20,
l'.<i<: 60 cigars, August 22, 1900; 60 cigars, Au-
gust 22, 1900; 100 cigars. August 22. 1900; 75
riirars. August 22. 1300; 100 cl^arR, August 22,
1&00; 100 cigars, August 22. JSOO; 100 cigars,
August 22. 1300; 1C0 cigars, August 22. 1900;
HO cigars, August 22, liOO; CO cigars, August
22. 1900; 100 cigars. August 22, 1900; 150 cigars.
August 22. lSOO; 100 clgare, August 22. 1900:
RO cicars. August 22, 1300; 25 cigars. Aucn«t
22. 1900; 75 cigars. August 22, 1900; 60 cigars.
August 22. 1S00; 100 cigars, August 22, 1900;
1^0 cigars. August 22, 1900. STANLEY JACK-
PON. Special Deputy Acting Collector.
CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from Odd Fellows* Halt. Seventh and
Market streets, under the auspices of Parker
Lodge No. 124. I. O. O. F.
WALSH— In this city, November 1, 1900, Abi-
gail, beloved wife of William Walsh, and
mother of Mary Walsh, a native of the parish
of Ballyhooly, County Cork, Ireland.
JCyFriends are Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from
her late residence, 170 Lexington avenue,
thence to Mission Dolores Church." where a
mass will be celebrated for the repoee of her
soul commencing at 9:45 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please. omit flowers.
WHITMAN— In this city, October 30, 1900. Al-
bert A. Whitman, beloved husband of Blanch
M. Whitman, and father of Isabell and Ag-
ness Whitman, a native of New York State,
aged 42 years 2 months and 29 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at I. O. O.
F Hall, Berkeley, under the auspices of
Berkeley Lodge No. 870. I.' O. O. F.. and
Feralta Camp No. 123, Woodmen of the World.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
1E7 Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VAN SLYKE— In Los Angeles, November 1,
1S00, E. W. Sheldon Van Slyke, beloved hus-
band of Ruby Van Slyke, a native of Madi-
son, Wls., aged 45 years and 11 months.
VAUOHN-In this city, November 2, 1900, John,
beloved son of Hanora Vaughn, and brother
of Edward Vaughn, a native of New York.
¦ sed 86 years.
VUCANOVICH— In this city, November 3, 1900,
Peter L. Vucanovlch, beloved husband of
Eilena Vucanovlch, father of Lazar Vucano-
vlch. brother of C. L. Vucanovlch. eon-ln-law
of Mrs. J. Joly, and brother-in-law of John
G. Joly, a native of Bukane. Herzegovina,
Austria, aged 47 years and 15 days.
CXNotice of funeral hereafter.
THOMAS— In this city, November 1, 1900, Jo-
sephine, beloved wife of Arthur C. Thomas, a
native of California, aged 21 years.
C^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at
9:V) o'clock, from his late residence, 322 Chest-
nut street, between Stockton and Dupont,
thence to Sts. Peter & Paul's Church, where
a high requiem mass will be said for the re-
p->se of hin soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy C^oss Cemetery.
MURPHY— A month's mind solemn high re-
quiem mass will be celebrated this day (Sat-
urday), at 10 o'clock, at St. Francis Church.
Vallejo street, for the repose of the soul of the
late Catherine Murphy, beloved wife of Cap-
tain Frank Murphy. Friends are Invited to
attend.
NAARD— In Oakland. November 1. 1900, Henry
M., beloved husband of Carolina Naard. and
brother-in-law of Henry J. Fi-ub. a native of
Germany, aged 58 years S months and 14 days.
NAISMITH-In Oakland. November 1. 1900. at
121S San Pablo avenue. J^pelia, widow of thf
late Gavin Xalsmlth. and mother of Mrs. John
Wood and May. William. Guy and Addle Nal-
smlth. a native of New York, aged 52 years
1 month and 6 days.
RICHARDSON-In the City and County Hospi-
tal. November 2. 1900, George C. Richardson,
a native of New York, aged 43 years.
SCHNEIDER— In this city, November I, 1900,
William, beloved husband of Frlederlcka
Schneider, and father of Mrs. Fred Hensel
and Mrs. George Pilgrim, a native of Ger-
many, aged 84 years 6 months and 21 days.
IC7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. George Pilgrim, 1908
Greenwich street, between Laguna and Bu-
chanan. * Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, November 2, 1900, Wil-
liam Francis, beloved son of Grace and the
late Tethuel Smith, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 27 years.
SPENCER— In the City, and County Hospital,
November 2. 1900. Charles H. Spencer, a na-
tive of New York, aged 50 years.
THOM— In this city. November 2. 1900, James
Thorn, a native of Scotland, aged 76 years S
months end 18 days.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 245 Perry street, between Fourth and
Fifth, thence to St. Rose's Church for ser-
vices at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit. flowers.
McKEN'NA— In this city. October 8L 1SO0. at
her residence, 314 Firet street. Mary, beloved
wife of Patrtfk McKenna, and mother of
Mrs. A. MeCulloch and P. J. and Nellie Mc-
Kenna, a native of Ballylongford, County
Kerry. Ireland, a&ed 71 years.
C3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 314 First street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. J
McKENNY— In this city, November 2. 1900,
John, beloved husband of Sarah McKenny.
and brother of Ellen Ward and Daniel Me-
Kenny. a native of County Donegal, Ire-
land, ared "0 years.
MoKTNNEY— In the City and County Hospital,
November 2. 19fi0. John McKinney, a native
of Ireland, aged 69 years.
McNAMARA- In the City and County Hospital,
November 2. 1300, John McNamara, a native
of Ireland, aged SS years.
MACHE— In Bodega Bay. October 31, 1900.
Veter E>. Macho, dearly beloved husband of
Meta Mache, loving father of Anna F., Joseph
II. and Peter Mache, and brother-in-law of
Henry Klee, a native of Italy, aged 42 years
4 months and 19 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her Bister, 6 Golden place, off ¦ Golden
Gate avenue, between Hyde and Larkln
etreets, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
McDONELL— In this city, November J, 1900.
Michael, beloved husband of Catherine Mc-
Donell. and father of Mrs. H. C/Lund, Mrs.
Edward Bldlnger and Kassie McJlanue, a na-
tive of Canada, aged 62 yeare and 4 months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thts day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 2675 Twenty-second street, near
York. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LEDDERHOS— In this city. November 2, 1900,
Josephine A. Ledderhos, beloved wife of Theo.
Ledderhos, mother of Albert. Otto, Montae
and Constance Ledderhos, and sister of Mrs.
J. W. Barber and Joseph, Emlle, Charles,
L"uls and Emanuel Kauntz. a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years and 6 'months.
IcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Hunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, 1001 Diamond street, thence to
St. Paul's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEWLEY— In the City and County Hospital,
November 2, 1MX). Phillip Kewley, a native of
England, aged t2 years.
KORTS— In this city, November 1. 1900, Henry
Edwin, dearly beloved son of Henry and Susie
Korts (nee Egan), a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 4 months and 6 days.
O'FriendE and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Sunflay), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thencj
to St. Joseph's Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENRY— In this city, October 31. 1900, William
Henry, beloved brother of Mrs. Catherine
Lowe, Miss Jennie Henry and John Henry of
Vallejo, the late Mrs. B. Boaghan of Vallejo
and the late Michael Henry, a native of
County Sllg-o. Ireland, aged E6 years.
IC7"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 629 Grove street, between Laguna and
Buchanan. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
GUSTAFSEN— In this city. October 81. 1900.
Lillie L.. beloved wife of Charles Gustafsen,
daughter of the late Carl H. and Meta Hart*,
and Elster of Mrs. W. Nielsen, Mrs. O. S.
Carlson, Mrs. C. Larsen, Mrs. C. S. Rogers
and Henry and the late Louis Grotheer, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 24 years 9 months
and IS days. (Neenah, Wls., papers please
cory) •
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1510 Bryant avenue, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth streets. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
HEXXESSEY— In this city. November J. 1900.
Margaret, beloved wife of the late James Hen.
nessey, and mother of John. Nellie, James,
Albert. Timothy and William Hennessey and
Mrs. Aggie Seike, aged <S years and S months.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 3:33 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1467 Twenty-seventh avenue. Fruitvale.
thence to St. Elizabeth's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
GRAHAM-In this city, November 2. 1900, Ul-
lle Graham, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 years.
GRUWELL— In this city, November X, 1900,
Henry, beloved son of Etta and the late John
Gruwell, a native of Livermore, Cal., aged
19 years 5 months and 7 days.
Feldmann and Mrs. Hugti Peters, a native of
Bremen. Germany, aged 68 years.
(T7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 691 Shot well street. Interment private.
Please omit llowers.
FISCHER— In Fruitvale. November 1. 1900,
Helene, beloved wife of Charles Fischer, and
mother of Leo, Carl, Joseph, Hans and Rich-
ard Fischer, a native of Germany, aged 3G
years 7 months and 5 days.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.DRINKS WITH FRIENDS
AND LOSES HIS MO1TEY
Gus C. Savllle Meets With an Un
pleasant Experience After Ten
Years' Absence.
Gus C. Saville, who was manager of the
Orpheum In It3 early days, was robbed
Tuesday night of $200 in coin, a gold watch
and chain valued at $250 and a pair of eye
glasses. He returned to the city after an
absence of ten years about a week ago,
and Tuesday evening met Dell Murphy,
whom he knew, and was Introduced by
Murphy to A. W. Shear. ¦;
They drank considerable liquor, and the
last thing Savllle remembered was leaving
Kelly's saloon, on Eddy and Mason
streets, and going across the street to the
Olympia restaurant. He roomed at 114
Eddy street, and when he awoke next
morning all his money, and his watch and
chain had disappeared. - He notified the
police and Detective Bailey arrested Mur
phy and Shear and locked them up In "the
tanks."
Yesterday Savllle swore to a complaint
charging Murphy and Shear with grand
larceny, but none of the Judges would
sign It. as he had no evidence whatever
that they had stolen his property. A few
minutes later Murphy and Shear were re
leased from custody by order of Captain
Seymour.
and Cunningham, who specially look after
school children. It is possible tnat one
only will in future be detailed for that
duty Instead of two.
"Owing to the redlstrictlng of the city."
said the Chief yesterday, "we require all
the men -we can spare for street duty. Let
these societies and other organizations in
future ask for the services of an officer
when it is necessary. I see no necessity
for keeping an officer there all the time. '
man H. McMurray, assigned for, duty to
the California Society for, the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, was 'one of the
defendants. Chief Sullivan will recom
mend to the Police Commissioners that all
the officers attached to societies and other
organizations be recalled and placed on
street duty.
The officers affected besides McMurray
are Corporal Anthony, attached to the
Pacific Coast Society for the Prevention
Cruelty to Children; Policeman Hooper,
attached to the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals; Policeman Boyd
attached to the Boys' and Girls' Aid So
ciety; Policeman- Butterworth. attached
to. the Board of Health, and Corporal Wil
liams, attached to the Mayor's office. Be
sides these there are two policeman, Floyd
Bobbed a Till.
William Harris, an ex-soldier, was cap
tured by Officers Brady and Rag-in last
night after he had. robbed a till at 23
Waverly plac*. , The thief entered a sa
loon and while the proprietor was ring
ing up a cash Item grabbed a handful of
coin. and attempted to make his escape.
He was booked for petty larceny at the
Central station. -"•-.!
To-Day's News Letter.
You will find to-day's News Letter
stocked with good reading. The Looker
On has a story that tells how Peter Mar
tin lost another dinner bet, and the jingle
verse is as timely and musical as ever.
Horace Egbert's "Plum Puddln" Tommy"
tells why ne will be a first nighter at the
opera, and Reginald Schuyler, the fas
tidious clubman, tells wlf&t to do and
what not, to do during the Orau season. *
Three Sudden Deaths.
Thre« sudden deaths were reported at
the Morgue yesterday before 5 p. m. The
first was Gregory Kane, found dead In.
bed In the Capital lodging-house at 537
Sacramento street. The second was J. B.
Steel, who died "while sitting in a chair
at his residence, 550 Mission street, and
the third was 70-year-old James Thorn of
1023 Alabama street, who fell to the floor
and expired. All these deaths are sup
posed to have been from natural causes.
last night on the "Decline- of the Roman
Empire." His topic excited much Interest
and was handled in a masterful manner.
United States Supreme Coart. It to also
reported that some very lnt*r«*tlnr docu
ments have been sent here from Nome
concerning the relations of ilcKaazle with
Judge Xoyes, their plans and purposes,
which papers are awaited with, much curi
osity. It Is probable that McKenil© will
be brought before the Circuit Court of
Appeals next Monday roornlnff.
bly taken from him by th« deputy
marshals, who were obliged to call on th»
military for assistance and break into the
place where it had been put.
It is also rumored that a large quantity
of gold which came- from Alaskan mines
is now on exhibition at New York In th«
office of an Alaska mining and exploring
company in which McKenzie and his
friends are Interested, the stock of which
has been offered for sale to the public,
and people are making inquiry as to when
this gold was taken out and whether it
came from mines at Nome.
It would appear that McKenils has a
big pull in the East, and through this In
fluence Immediate proceedings to punish
him for contempt have been deferred on
account of applications made to the
It is rumored that McKenzie held on to
this gold to the last and that it was forci-
Information reached hero yesterday
from Seattle that the deputy United
States marshals sent to Nome. Alaska, by
the United States Court of Appeals to
arrest Receiver Alexander McKenzie for
contempt In refusing to obey the writs
issued out of the United States .Circuit
Court of Appeals for this circuit are now
on their? way back from Nome on the
steamer Senator, having McKenzie in cus
tody and also bringing a considerable part
of the gold which McKenzie took from the
mines as receiver and refused to give up
when first directed to do so by the court.
Now' En Route to This City From Nome in Custody of Federal
Officers Who Forcibly Take Gold From Him.
RECEIVER McKENZIE IS TO BE ARRAIGNED
FOR CONTEMPT IN CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS
A scathing denunciation of those who
hold thati the pulpit Is but for dissemina
tion of hard and . fast I religious dogmas
was delivered by Rabbi Nieto in the Sher-
Ith Israel Tabernacle last night. before a
large congregation.. The lecture was the
first of a series of Friday night- lectures
which will be delivered in this church and
Temple- Emanu-El during the winter
months. ;\ -
¦¦•-. The speaker's .views on the subject were
"strong and couched in no uncertain lan
guage. Rabbi; Nieto declared that it was
the duty of the pulpit to discuss the issues
of the day. tending to affect the moral
condition of a people. This, he said, was
the method of the old religious teachers,
who thereby attained a hold on their fol
lowers reached by no other advocates of
a religious system. The sermon in part
was as follows:
"Very many people have peculiar ideas
as to what the pulpit is for. They regard
it as the place from which constructions
of whatever nature may be pleasing to
the preacher are placed upon legends and
tales of miracles, which may or may not
be true/contained in the Bible.
"It is part of the duty of the modern
pulpit to mold the people whose ears it
may be able to reach. I say that it Is the
duty of the pulpit to discuss the probable
moral effect on the people of the current
events of the day.
"You say politics . has no right in the
pulpit. I say that any principle or Issue
which affects the foundation of a social
system has every right In the pulpit.
"The pulpit should endeavor to impart
knowledge and understanding on any sub
ject, moral, political or social, that af
fects the moral condition of the people. It
is not -a -free pulpit from which a man
may speak on one subject and be gagged
on another.
"The pulpit has a place in the education
of our times. A priest-ridden people. Is no
better than an ignorant people. The priest
should be broad-minded ¦ and his people
should be allowed every . freedom- to in
quire into everything affecting their moral
well-being. -You require some influence to
awaken your moral consciousness, for he
who votes for something he knpws noth
ing of > the : rights or wrongs of Is neces
sarily dishonest."
. 3Rabbt 'Jacob ; Voorsanger . . addressed a
large • audlenceMn ?the 'Templd *Emanu-El
Rabbi Nieto in Emphatic
Terms States Duty of
Ideal Pulpit.
MAKES EARNEST
PLEA FOR FREE
PULPIT SPEECH
SOCIETIES MTJST DO
WITHOUT POLICEMEN
Chief Sullivan Will Recommend That
They All Be Recalled for
Street Duty.
In view of the developments in the al
leged kidnaping case of the four children
of Mrs. Vincent George, in which Police-
MAH5TE . SEEKS CUSTODY
OF HXS FOTJB CHUDBEN
Alleges in a Petition That Their
" mother Is an Immoral
Woman.
Robert D. Maine has applied to Judge
Troutt to be appointed the guardian of his
four minor children- 'Maine was recently
arrested with Secretary White and Officer
McMurray of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to, Children on a charge
of having kidnaped the little ones, but the
cases were dismissed by Judge Cabaniss.
. In his petition Maine says he married
his former wife, Josle N. Maine, from
whom the children were taken, at Burling
ton, Iowa, in October of 1883. Their chil
dren axe Cora, aged 12 years; Ida, aged 7;
Hazel, aged 10, and^Maud, 4 years of age.
In. April of 1S38 Mrs. Maine sued for di
vorce at Los Angeles. She was granted a
decree and awarded the custody' of her
children. Since she secured the divorce,
however, he alleges that she has been liv
ing an immoral life. Recently he returned
from Nevada and found his former wife
living with George Vincent, he says, and
then he took his children away from her.
"'Home Again From a Foreign Shore"
wae the air that greeted the Shriner pil-.
grims .yesterday morning as the steamer
Caroline approached the majestic Zealan
dia. off Alcatraz Island, on the-latter'a re
turn-from the Hawaiian Islands.
Tiie.Shriner steamer, decked out above
and. below; with holiday bunting and with
the Islam temple flag at j the forepeak.
was met by the Caroline, having on board
about <bne hundred ladies and gentlemen.
The welcoming Shriners all wore the red
tez of the temple and the ladies each car
rted a silk American flag, which they
waved and waved again in. token of glad
ness; that 'their relatives and friends were
with . them again- When the. two vessels
approached .to hailing distance. there was
si loud hurrah from those on the Caroline
and a. hearty response from those on the
Zealandla.- The band on the ocean steam
er played "Ain't I Glad I'm Out of the
Wilderness." and Steam Pianist Levy on
the Caroline responded with "Home.
•Sweet Hotrie" on the calliope. Before the
last strains of the "music" had died away
there was a chorus of shrill whistles all
along' the water front in token of wel
come home. The Caroline escorted the
Zealandia to; her berth. Then there was a
rush for the Zealandia, and for the next
few minutes there were handshaking, kiss
ing, crying and laughing, as the spirit of
¦each individual moved him or her. in ex
-pressJoh of -joy at again meeting those
who had been absent for nearly a month.
It. was a happy" meeting, and the consen
6us of expression was "we had a good
time and a delightful trip, but we're glad
to be home again."
The welcoming party was under the
charge of Frank W. Marston. C. S. Bene
dict. Thomas L. Henderson, Captain
George "Wittman and Hiram T. Graves.
. Captain Hurlbut, potentate of the tem
ple Bald that the trip down after
first night, when nearly every one was
eeaeick, was a delightful one.
"Why," said he, "every dinner that»was
served was a banquet The tables .were
decorated each day with fresh flowers that
¦were kept in cold storage. At Hilo,~ our
first stopping place, we remained two
days, and were the fuests of as hospitable
"Welcoming Committee on Steamer
' Caroline Meets Voyagers Down
fl . .tlie Bay and Escorts
J: . Them to Wharf.
Zealandia Brings Back the
Pilgrims From the Pa
cific Paradise.
SHRINERS HOME
AGAIN FROM A
MERRY OUTING
people as I ever met with. In expectation
of our coming they had erected a dancing
pavilion, which was made brilliant with
flags, bunting and native greens. We -were
treated to a native dinner, which we had
to partake of with only the right thumb
and forefingers. These native dinners are
no burry-me-quick affairs, for they are
all prepared in beds of hot stones, and it
takes three or lour days to cook such a
meal as was served to us."
While at Hilo the visitors went to the
volcano and took in all the sights. The
Shriners kept open house on board of the
ship, where they entertained about a thou
sand of the people of Hilo in that manner
for which Shrlners are noted.
At Honolulu the hospitality of the isl
anders won the admiration of all. At this
point the Shrlners held a reception on the
steamer and entertained about two thou
sand people. Thirty of the pilgrims, who
combined business with pleasure, " re
mained over to transact their business,
and will come up on the next regular
steamer. The Zealandia left the islands
on the 25th of October and had a pleasant
trip up.
George F. Neal, who started out with a
full determination to issue an edition' of
the Moslem Herald each day on the trip,
fell downin-hls pood resolution.- Some
days the Herald appeared and some days
it did not. When it did appear Neal issued
two or three editions to keep the record
straight.
Arrangements are being- made to give
the returned , pilgrims a formal reception
in Golden Gate Hall.
Josephine A. Ledderhas. the mother of
the four-year-old child who was recently
committed to an asylum to be treated for
homicidal mania, died yesterday.
The death of the woman Is a particularly
tad one, for it is traceable directly to. the
care and worry caused by the presence of
her little son. Some time in hie infancy he
hurt himself In a fall arid the effect was
to develop In him the most violent type
of homicidal and suicidal mania. If left
alone he would attempt to da*>h his brains
out oerainst the -walla or the floor, and so
his mother never allowed him out of her
sight and most of the time she held him
in her lap. She grave him every care, but
the strain was telling- upon her, and -when
she finally broke down the child was taken
from her and she was sent to SL Wini
fred's Hospital for treatment. It was
thought her health could be restored, but
she still worried over her child and it soon
became apparent that she would not sur
vive.
Mrs. Josephine Ledderhas, Whose Little Son Was Recently Sent to
an Insane Asylum for Treatment, Passes Away.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
from the residence of her sister, Mrs. J.
W. Barber, at 6 Golden place, off
Golden Gate avenue, between Hyde and
Larkln. The services will be held In St.
Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue,
and the interment will be in Mount Cal
vary Cemetery.
Mrs. Ledderhas was the ¦wife of Theo.
Ledderhas of this city and the mother of
four children. She was 32 years of age
and a native of this city.
WORRY AND CONSTANT CARE FOR HER BABY
CAUSES THE UNTIMELY DEATH OF A MOTHER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1900.
14
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY
Granulated Best Cane Sugar, 17 Ea. . .$1.00
Sprccketa Refinery.
Armour's '49 Brand Earns, Ib . . . . 12Js
Beat Eastern sugar-cured. Regular Ho.
Finest Creamery Butter, square. ..... ,45o
Limit > squares. Regular 90a.
Choice Point Reyes Butter, squaw. . . . .87^0
Limit 4 squares. Regular Eta.
Best City Eggs, dozen _40o
From the Mission. Regular B>3.
Petaluma Ranch Eggs, dozen 25o
Guaranteed. Regular S5<x
New Sugar Com, 3 cans ,.25o
American brand. Regular 12H&
Port and Sherry, 8 years old, qt. bot. . .25o
Regular 40a.
Imported Castile Soap, 3-Ib hr i ..JB3o
Vergln brand. Regular SOa. >':'-'
Lea & Perrin'8 Sauce .*0o
Genuine Imported. Regular So*
Orange Marmalade, 3 cans. ¦ • • • ¦ 2oc
A breakfast appetizer.' Regular IS&
Zinfandel, vintage 1895, gal. -.40o
Regular »5o gallon,
WMte Adriatic Figs, 10-Ib box .50o
This bargain has ner«r before
been offered. Regular wo box.
Old Kentucky Whiskey, gal .$2.50
P\ire rye or bourbon. Kerala* *S SO.
Finest Table Syrup, qt. can loo
Karomel brand. Regular Bo.
Choice Family Flour, 50-lb sack gOo
L*y la your winter supply. ReruLtr Ko.
Bromangelon, Dessert Jelly lOo
Rerular 13a «-
Renown Cigars, 7 for Zoo
HumboWt. Sanches and Hay-, Betaoxtt and
leading brands. lWo sixe, tor 10c
Freight paid by vs when wltMa 100 mUtfc
134-8-13S4- MARKET STREET.
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. OS. X» Branch Btor—.
Big Sale.
Porcelain Ware
Unique Border Decoration.
Caps and Saucers.. 13 eta
Oat Meal liotvli xm eta
Pitcher-4 pints 44 eta
Roast UIsli— 16 inch 76 cts
•onp Tureen.. ............. 91.3s
Tea Pots .. .- 64 cts
Sugar Bowls 44 c ts
Cream Pltcber......., M _secti
Fancy China Clocks
Each.8i.io, 1.88 a.oo, 92.80
...F»OR...
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
UNEXPIRED TERM,
FRANK B. KERRIGAN,
REGULAR REPUBliICAJI NOMINTEE.
We arc Cutting Prices
all to Pieces During Our
Bis: Clearance Sale.
Great Amsrican Importini Tea Co.
*J? S 1 *^ * v *" *•*•' Butter and Poet sta.
861 Market St.. opp. Powell.
62 Market st.. Junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE
DR.MQNULTY.
n^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND BELrABLE OLD
J. Specialist cunt Blood Poison, C,onorrhceJ..O!eet,
Stricture, seminal Weakness. Impotence and tbetr
allied Disorder s. Boole on Diseases ot Men .tree.
OvfrMTeani'experlence.Terms reasonable. Hoars,
9toSdaily;6:30to8.30ev's;s. Sand»T»,ioto 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call or mddreaa
P. BO8COE MfXULTT, H.D.
20 J ; Kearny St^ San Francisco, CiL
Meet everyone -who has whiskey for sale
compares Its virtues to Jesse Moore "AA".
whiskey. ; : rt v
> Judge William. P. Lawlor's career upon
the bench demonstrates that he should 'be
kept there. ¦•_•• •
I: We are cleaninq out this year's goods preparatory for (90S business.;!
CSSB* A ' - ssHSr ' " IkI wXiiB^nHBEfilMVH tfl H^RL H^ * *• »
P*^>*** *_ s* mmKb ¦• KSSk - Hr^^H^^ssssHHBHB R Dk ¦^^L *
P^v^ * ' <sS%^[ ¦' ¦'* B^^H sffi^ * a **^^
t^^^ \^^jqirafr'?S^SWyJM ifi^Ss »3 B^. ?
ife** * '¦-.• IWyaKfcpSHL M^^jmL BBft^Jk&A. um Ba VBb^kBa m Hj vB *• 'l
mm*^ ? bHHwS53ss^^ vH^HfflSnBoA vHw3S19^L. h^^. wff Bl^ •
•^^¦sL ? * * ¦ : • isBtf^^^^^sscI mimBB55wJ1»sB5^tW. BB^1&^ ¦ w^^m - IbbbbbbbbIIbbbbbb^^^^^^^ J^^ I^W ¦
li ¦^;;::) ;:;•: , lU¥/^\//^¥ 1Z? : 'C^^
? '-.'-;- ..." . * mil *^ ml JbsL ot ritj *™- -^'™h* ''I 1^al
E; ...WE HAVE IN STOCK... t^^Ti^ WdP |r^||gL ...WE HAVE THESE MODELS IN,^ ,^
li MODEL-32, Men's Roadster !¦ • 20-INCH, FRAMES :M
|: MODEL-34, Women's Roadster A W wW N 22-INCH FRAMES ||
|j THOS. H. B. VARNEY, MARKET AND TENTH STS., 5AN FRANCISC^ii
m^^^m , ribbon ,
Sf#^S*l 'Children's • : special— f
UVtfgpl^pfSP'* V-.JIIIU1W1I No 60 all-silk' U
W.m Woolen -Dresses
l\IM If FLANNEL DRESSES, trimmed with braid, bon.' 80c qual- n
J^a gl dark colors, lined throughout, worth QQ_ lty. ' /77
\ SCOTCH FLAID DRESSES- WOMEN'S WAISTS- ° I
\| Stylishly trimmed. lined O| 45 French Flannel Waists, tucked front
m throughout, sold all . over at A| and back, sold everywhere at $4.
hj The above are only two of the many ««..... _.
(f epedals we're offering to-day In Chil- GERMAN FLANNELETTE WAISTS
y dren's Dresses. ;.'v ,* _?*¦ tna exact "appearance of best s
U U/nU>M'C El AM1IPI finWN? French flannel, all lined and neatly
I YlUflwii 0 rLAnnCL uUYTIIO trimmed, worth U 50
Flannelette Gowns, cut wide and ex- Q**r»
tra long, sold everywhere at 75c. «i» MI . ._ _ csri 'C»
I 43c. SPECIALS TAKEN AT RANDOM- |
6ERMAN FLANNELETTE GOWNS- <$S°*S&^
Neatly trimmed with braid, sold aU «olora, worth $4.50.
everywhere at II. SB 2. 95
73c - DRESSIN6 SACQUES —
CINDERELLA FLANNEL GOWHS- s 2 H tn cr 8^ e^ e r' A V^ glMi
Collars and cuffs trimmed with linen K t0 46 - "Old ejse where at $1.25.
lace, come In pink, blue and cream, £ StC* I
J| worth $1.60. QQc " """omen's Richelieu Bibbed Hose. I
fj full finished, fast black, worth
m ANOTHER RIG OFFERING « 20 ° • ••••• ......pair 1a 1-20
..?« , iT.if.ioViTf ° ¦ Women's Polka Dot Hose, newest
W IN SILK WA STS! -* ¦ worth 2Sc...;......;.Palr 17c \
w liiJii.iv un «*¦«• Children's lxl Ribbed . Hose, dou- I
W Best quality taffeta illk waists, ble knee, heel and toe,^ worth
I about seventy tucks in front and back. 20c Pair 12 l-2o - I
W warst all lined: sold all over the city Don>t OVM . look '^ •' w l ndow u^y f
a ¦»»•?*¦ 9«^«<9w* in women's and children's winter un- -
II — ¦ , . derwear— marked down 20 per cent less
w Hail orderi . receive careful attention.; than regular. values.
| 1212-1214 MARKET STREET, j
1 1 Between Taylor and Jones. m \